  

 

 

nus-.th'v’AmP—‘kr‘dv-N'I‘ﬂm ......

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

‘ lift

it. ytew‘rrur .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Moral Majority-

 

' The Holy Inquisiturs

i hate to say it. but watch out. Here come
the Christians.

A long time ago, there was the Spanish
inquisition. illtempered Christians with
limited senses of humor did all sorts of nas-
ty things to people they thought were wit-
ches and heretics. (Actually. the real'pro-
blcm with witches was that thev were
heretics). The Holy inquisitors tortured
people to make them confess. Fair being
fair. you couldn't burn people at the stake
unless you knew they were guilty. it never
seemed to occur to the guys from the Office
of the Holy lnquisition (often called OHi
for short) that the average be will confess
to just about anything with a bunch of rats
gnawing through their stomachs.

To be fair. Jerry Falwell and his fun-
iovirrg fundamentalists aren't using rats.

Yet.

They have shown the first signs of bring-
ing back tltc old OHl though. First. they
itavc no sense of itumor. At all. And
secondly. their political aird moral views
tend to bc—how cart we phrase it—iiar-
row.

The Constitution of the United States (a
document which perhaps the leaders of tire
Moral Majority might read one of these

But i doubt that Jerry Falwell and the
Moral Majority reflect what most
Americans really believe. At least i hope

not.

i don’t think that America is in any real
danger at the moment of becoming a
theocracy. i do think that the Moral Ma-
jority is pushing for it though. and i think
some of the legislation they’ve proposed
and some of the legislation they‘ve backed
is dangerous.

if the ERA isn‘t soon passed. it may
never be. And if the fundamentalists get
solidly entreiicited. it never will be. i don't
think there's too milclr sex on TV. and l'rn
certainly oposed to censorship. The FCC is
too strong as it is. Sex education sirorild not
be barred from tltc schools. People are too
ignorant on the point as it is. Ronald
Reagan thinks “the Biblical theory" of
creation should be tatigirt in the sclroois. i
would have hoped that we had reached the

point where this sort of thing cottld be
laughed at.
Christianin is aboiit to be rammed down

our throats. There have to be other people _

otit there besides me who find this upset-
ting. bttt we aren't making ettottglt noise.
Falwell stands on ti podium and verbally

“Jewish kids shouldn’t have to pray
to a Christian god. ”

 

days —— if only before they throw it on the
pile of burning books) guarantees religious
freedom. However. tltc law of the land is
that church and state are supposed to be
separate. My own personal interpretation
of this is that yoti cart believe whate’ver yoti
watit. btit yoir can‘t force it on everyone
else.
in other words. Jewish kids shouldn‘t
have to pray to a Christian god. And the
government keeps its time out of churches.

The ctrittcrsc should also be true. ('htir»
cites ought to keep their noses out of
govcrrtrnent.

The Moral Majority seems to have re-
jected this concept. They ltavc taken credit
for the upset victories of several Republican
legislators who beat olil powerful incum-
bartts like George McGovern. They proudly
take credit for Ronald Reagan‘s ascendancy
to the Oval Office.

For one. i think they're taking credit for
a cortplc of things they didn‘t really have
that touch to do with. Most Americans l
thirtk tend towards conscrvtilisirt. and the
tide of sixties liberalism has finally tiiritcd.

Americans are just reﬂecting what they‘ve
always believed.

cliastiscs ('hristians who support legalized
abortion. That‘s fine for tire Christians.
But l‘m rtot a Christian. and i don't tltink
there‘s anything. wrong with that. The law
’ does. not exist to save otir souls.

There‘s a point to think about. Some
freelance journalists got an exclusive with
.ierty Faiwcll anti sold it to Peril/muse.
Falwell professed grezit outrage and sued
the magazine for teti iitillioit dollars. Why. i
wonder. did lie sue I’wrtliortse and not the
iticri who sold it? it was they who lied to
ltitit if anyone did. All l’t-titlioits‘e did was
purchase a cornitrodiiy. Except perhaps that
two freelance journalists most likely could
itevcr pay teit iiiillioit dollars. and Bob Guc-
cioirc can.

I'm tired of hearing about the Reverend
Jerry Falwell. i do not revere him and what
he rcvercs l abhorc. These clowns are not iir
power yet. arid with a little luck and sanity
they never will be. lint their rhetoric of-
fends tltc. They have a right to their beliefs.
a fact I t‘ecognilc and support. They. I fear.
would not say the same for tile or this piece.

Still. we truly as well not worry. They
haven't invested in rats yet.

./
Perpetual Pregnancy

To the Editor:

Recently, N.Y. Senator Alphonse
D‘Amato announced that he . is. co-
sponsoring a bill to effect a constitutional
amendment that might deem certain forms
of birth control (such as the Pill and the
iUD) illegal. Feminists and over-sexed col-
lege students might think he is gotng toolar
with such a proposal. Yet in actuality.
D'Amato is not going far enough.

if we truly believe in an individual’s right
to life as provided for in the constitution.
we must also illegalize menstruation. Every
month. women all over America between
menses and menopause are releasing art egg
that is a potential life form. a potential
child. Left unfertilized. the egg leaves the
body of the woman and dies.

These senseless murders must stop. On
any given day. millions of killings are tak-
ing place all over the courttry that profe. es
to preserve human rights. Something must
be done.

Women who have already passed the age
of menopause rrtrtst be spared from arty
retroactive legislation for the sake of expe-
diency. it would be impossible to prove ex—
actly where aitd when the murders ltad
taken place. it would also be very difficult
to entire up with witnesses.

However. something can and must be
dotie about those women who are .sclfishly
menstruating 'acb month. Punishing tiicrtt
by death or imprisonment is inefficient; otir
newly-slashed federal budget cannot handle
Ilic expense of executions or long-term int-

prisotimcnt of such a great part of the
population. The answer is clear: women
must be required to be perpetually pregnant
until menopause. A two-mouth interim bet-
ween pregnriitcics might be allowed to per-
tiiit the woman‘s body to rest before con-
ceiving future Great Americans. With
women forced to stay at home rearing
children. men could again solely control the
“Wilmmﬁ “i’i‘cgnancy leaves" would be
non-existent because women would never
be llbic to leave home for work. Our corin-
try could again aclticvc greatness, not to
mention rtrilitary and nuclear superiority.

()f course. since the federal sterilization
0" lWKWWitttL Native American women has
already proved effective. they may remain
exempt from this proposed pom-)5

Name Withheld lipon Request

Half Mast Policy

To the Editor:

The American and New York State flags
that lly irt front of this rtrtivcrsity are synt-
bols. l respect tliciti for just that: svmbols
of a nation aird a state. respectively. Tire
tradition of those symbols. however. is
powerful. One of the traditions dictates
that the flags are to be lowered when a per-
son of importance dies. The governor of tire

 

 

 

state has authority over this proceditrc

 

l
’ r

"if SHOWED YOU Til

  

     
        

 

E WAY lT WAS!
\

"truth

"FRIENDSAND AFFILIATES, LET'S KEEP

  

L... .. z _r

... .r

g Eltlli E3. rtttrttt
orririirusrri migiiiriiiliiiiid  ‘i‘
. m \
‘ HENRY WINKLER at Ben Sudrm .
DON KNOTTS astime Carter
GARY COLEMAN 05 Armor Sadat
m. .

  

an Kl
" guesipgiar

RON D REM ashtmscli

W, HERE'S HOW ll SHOULD HAVE BEEN...
.  . _. J

‘  VI .7
A GOOD THING GOING..."

    
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fine.

So far this school year. the flags have
been lowered to half mast on several ()LLtl-
sions. Among these. to mourn the deaths of
at least one state senator and assemblyruarr.
a state police officer, a former governor.
and today, the ambassador to France.

1 certainly don't wish to belittle tltc lives
of these people, but i’m afraid that tile
governor has mixed up priorities. “'hy
weren‘t the flags ordered to half tunsl lti\t
semester when a SUNYA student was kittr-rt
in an auto accident on Washington
Avenue? instead. the flags flew proud ...
They faced the very scene of the accident,
Is that right?

Apparently. Governor Carey thought so.
We all know that the governor isn‘t too
fond of students. as ltis recent legislative
proposals concerning the university clearly
demonstrate. However. i have a hit or lit.
formation that will surely sirock the guru
nor: the life ofa student isjust as itttprrtlnttt
as the life of a politician or anybody cqu
for that matter!

@ﬁ’éia @©m@¥@

Robert liiiitlori. .lr.

Basketball Spirit

To the Editor:

The end of another basketball \l‘.|‘ttil r.
approaching. and how numon yoti It‘milllt'
this have been to tt State game lili‘ unit“
The gym is always filled with iilll‘rt' v.r it‘llt'
to play intramtirals. l‘it(|llcli1tlii. ttllti it t lit.‘
nautilris equipment. lint lntcly rillrtlir. tr...
left tltc gym citipty during Albriio' irttttir‘
games —— ti situation which is (tiltlilllllriitir‘ t
know that Albany's gym (Stiiicrs‘ |’.r.r|rtirn
is rtot the Dcmi-Dotttc of Syracuse. but our
players are just as dedicated as tho r who
attend Division l schools on illil rtrolsr
ships. ()ur learn is ill Division III .lliti thr-
players r ‘ e no financial compcrr .il.trtt»
for their efforts on the basketball court.

So what do tltc players get out or u .' llt~l
the chance to play the game. No (r't‘.tl
Danes have givcir so much of thrur«.lr:» ﬁt
the scirool. and the only thing thu. .rsl rrr
return is your sttpport ~— yotr lilt' ~suttrrrt.
you tltc faculty, you the alumni. i \rttltllilltt'
the teaitts record does not justify litr‘ t'llllli‘r
gym they have becit playing iii front til lur-
iy. — Air ill-4 record (all losses cirtilrttr' .tl
tiie liattds of Division ii and ill ri.rirotr.t|l.\
"""kk‘d lCiIItts)—~/\~t'tiiiking ol ciglitli rtr litr
natiott in Division lll —- A ranking or w
cortd in New York State of i)i\l\|ttll lll
schools —— Qualifying for tire Sl‘M \t
playoffs — A Cﬂilcit witlt om .totr r.ttct'|
wins. a feat in itself.

The one hotnc game remaining 1- iii.-
day vs. (Cortland and will be Ilic ittsl vi|.|iltt'
for most of its to see tltc senior»; Noll
(lune. Ray Cesare. Pete Staiiisli. tlllti \trw
i-UW play iii a basketball game lrrt \Ilmrtr
Slate. The gym is always packed (cm-tit lot
Alibi”! basketball games). So get ott mu-
asses! The parties will always be lilt‘lt‘. iitt'
l‘lill’t‘rs won't. Let's show them out uttt‘
DON. They deserve it! 'l‘hc.l):rnt-s haw lwtr
Us with sortie great memories. iriplv It |
\s. l’oisdam to rtaiiic one in |‘t;llltttli.tl
irvl's give the tcarrr a great scttd oft lttliI litt‘
playoffs. Go to the game: (ilitlti l rill
Danes. lictrt l’o/xrltlrii ill [/10 Si ’.\‘)'.‘lt 

iirru-t- .l. lorriiilI

 

 

 

<

To the lirlitor:

Since arriving hcic lll SilNl':\. V” “W”
disturbed by tltc attempts madv lt.‘ “m "“
ministration to desiro)‘ iii" "N m”me
cultural linkage atttiilublc to tire SP-IHI‘“
sccloi‘ of tile sltidcnt bodl- i '1" Wm”
Ricnn Studies Department has l‘L't‘”
ilt‘tidtially decimated to \irtritil C\ii|tc‘llllll l“
increasing bridch cuts. which are giltllllti-“i
on the ignorance of administration oi
i'icitils. Their belief is that it department but
ed on entering to the needs of ii iiiillt'lil‘ "
of at low priority. l-‘tlct oftcit itiris contiair
to the opinions of responsible ofl'icilli‘u 1"“
Spanish-American and Stillili-‘I'M‘U‘lkmy
sttideiits need a departritcitt which “i”
cdilcalc them in their respective culllllill
backgrounds. they "9”" “ “Wm mm

 

or... I : r.. m mama“...

  

 

cultural program in order not to forget
their heritage. For. an individual devoid of
an understanding of his heritage is an iii-
dividual devoid of an understanding
ofhimself. This is only half the value oflitis
department. The non-Spanish strident who
participates in these studies also benefits.
With the loss of this department. there is a
loss felt by all SUNYA students, namely the
opportunity to study tltc valuable South
American and Caribbean cultures.

During this tintc of belt tightening. I
plead to those responsible not to forget llrc
goals which brought this department into
being. The Pilcrto Rican Siridics Depart-
ment was created for the enlightenment of
the student in the cultural background of art
important minority.

Jesus iiciievarrla
Editor's Note: The I’ilt‘l'ln Ilium Slur/it's
Department will llIt't'l Int/(Ir tit 4:00 /t.iii. In
rli.rcit.v.\ l/Ii.\' llltlllt'l' in lz'rlt/r'tiliori Rm. 346.

 

Community Action

To the Editor:

The Pine Hills Student Community
Alliance would like to respond to your aili»
cle in Friday's/15'!) entitled. "Community
and Students .loiri Against University."
The article incorrectly gives tltc impression
that the main purpose of tlic alliance is to
organize against SUNYA because it has ig»
itorcd tirc problciits it has crctitcd iii Ilic
l’iiic Iliils neighborhood. such as ltigli
t'cnts. poor bus service. intidcqntitc security
for woiticii residents. high noise levels. tlliti
parking. \Vliilc SUNYA has certainly criti-
iriltutcd to such problems. they are trot Ilic
only culprits. Much of tire l’iric liiils Stir-
dctit (‘ommiiriity Alliance activity will also
be focused at (‘ity litili because of its long
term neglect of the neighborhood. The
State will also receive a fair share of the at~
tcirtioii because of its failure to adequately
protect the public against such problems as
the excessive rate ltikcs that Niagara
Mohawk is continuously asking for. sticlt as
the proposed 14 percent increase iii electric
rates.

The alliance is art attempt to get students.
tenants. and homeowners working together
on common problems. Too often in the
past Pine lliils residents have worked
against each other. which makes it easier
for the City and SUNYA to ignore the pro-
bierns in Pine Hills. Students should have
the sonic rights as arty other citi/cns. sticlt as
the rjght to vote iii elections and the right to
feel safe froin attack. But off campus
students also have responsibilities to othci'
neighborhood residents. and should be
aware that excessive noise increases corri-
intmity tensions. We hope that I’inc Hills
residents (which includes Alumni Quad)
will take the tin'ic to attend oitr first
neighborhood meeting. Thursday. Feb. 26
:it 7:30 pm. at tile St. Vincent's ('ommuni-
ty (‘entcr (Madison arid Ontario). For more

info. call 457-4928,

 

Mark Dunleti
______’_.—___———
“Fried Hostages” _

'l‘o tltc Iiditor:

liver since January 20th l‘vc been very
upset. Why'! is it because of tire coming of
Reagan? The lcriviiig of ('tirtcr‘.’ Not really.
Did someone near itiiti dcrir lcriic nic‘.l Not
this time. Was my allowance cut‘! No. Then
why am i upsct'.’ l‘ll tcil yoti. I

On January 20th. tltc day of Reagan‘s in-
tlic hostages were released, No.
that's not wluit‘s bothering itic. l happened
to be watching the Reagan inaugural
coverage and it was at his luncheon that
Reagan said "tltc l‘i‘icd liostttgcs have left
li'tiniaii airspace.“

Well. at first. i was delightcl
anything. like a bridge or a highway or it
tunnel. named after Illt.‘ before. so when this
opportunity cantc tip. I enjoyed It. ilut
what followed really got to me. .

For tltc next four weeks. the biggest thing
on the news was the Fried llositigcs. And 1
had absolutely nothing to do with ilterrr. I
doubt Ronnie Reagan. who coined the
term. even knows me.

lltigurtition.

l. i iiCVL'I' had

 
     
  
     
     
   
    

Another thing that has been causing tne
anguish is the fact that every time I walk
past a TV set arid the lroslagcs are being
discussed arid l itcar my name being tiscd i
qrrickiy ttirit around and altiiost give rityself
a case of whiplash. This case of abusing my
last name slrolild stop or else.

Michael P. Fried

Parking Gripe

To the Editor:

l was one of those people who itad their
cars paper ittaciicd with tickets while i was
parked in trortr of Dutch Quad one
weekend. Until recently i never iind trouble
with this. This university has the absurd
policy of making it illegal to park around
the quads 24 hours a day. seven days a
week. i can understand tltc regulations dur~
iirg weekdays but on weekends tltcrc is plen-
ty of parking space around tltc quads. it is a
waste to have to pull iit tltc other lots when
there is room in lrotrt of tltc quads on tltc
weekends. Arid it seems lik‘c tl waste to pay
security to go around ticketing cars at 3:30
in tlic morning when they could be put to
better use picictiting rape or robbery.

l‘eter Iliiinilton

Boycott

 

 

 

 

'l'o tltc Editor:

for tile last three yctits ti coalition of
labor. church. illiti \Illtit‘lti groups ilil\t'
itecii waging a boycott against the Nestle
Corporation. ti Swisslutsed multinational
tttid the world‘s largest producer ol"
chocolate.

Nestle is also the iL‘iiLit'i iii Ilic promotion
of inftrnt l'oi'iiritlrr. Nesiic's uncritical pro»
motion of titcsc l‘oi'iirulas hutc caused
widespread malnutrition and d -ath among
infants in the third world.

i would like to commend Ilic AS”.
Grassroots. and established papers such as
the Village Voice and tltcli’nxlii‘trgmn Pox]
for their fair coverage of the boycott.
However. this dissemination of information
is itot enough. Students nirtst build together
iit this arid other struggles for corporate
responsibility.

Today and tomorrow. in the (‘umpus
(‘cnter. there will bc fellow students
available to discuss the boycott and answer
airy questions. Why not stop by and join
tltc boycott? Remember. “l’rol‘its before
people is a formula for malnutrition."

Scott M. Summer

,LW

To the Editor:

With Mayfcsl rtow being a hotly cott-
lcslcd issrie. i think another aspect of the
event should be taken into consideration.
After attending tltc last two Mnyfcsts. I feel
more cart be done about tltc talent that is
being hired to play.

University Conccrt Board has not ptiilcd
in a really big itainc act. instead. they sccrti
to ltirc fortr ordinary bands.

l feel that Ut‘ii should prtl iii a big effort
and try to lnrtd a big act for this year‘s
cvcrtt. instead of priittpiiig riioitcy into hir-
ing forir groups (usually known for just one
top 40 single). tltcy should get two really big
groups that could split tltc day‘s events
down the middle.

l7rrink (irunt

Bring Us Your

Letters and Columns

Dcrirlliiics lor' letters and columns art
Int-stint lot it i ritlut issue illiti I'I‘iti‘nl) fora
lucsrlur issue. \lnti-rirtl must lie typewrit-
it'll. tloiiblc-stiai'cil. illiil include lilt‘ o rilt't‘"
llillllt‘ and phone uuiiibcr. c\littlll\llltllls let-
tr-rs will iiol be printed r hour-\cr. ilumcs
still iit' uilhhcirl upon request. Please liiiiil
r 150 words. Drop them till
bin in ('t 32‘) or call tlu
SS-o‘lliii.

letters to lllltit'
in “i t'llt-i's"

Bus Stop Blues

EvEry Saturday night it’s the same scenario. A massive group of drunken
students gather on the corner of Quail and Western to try to get back uptown.
A large crowd forms. extending well into the intersection. as students impa—
tiently wait for the last two buses of the night.

Tiiosc who couldn't squeeze on the late 2 am. bus are left waiting for the 3
am. bus. which is also many minutes overdue. The crowd continlics to grow
to an overwhelming sizc.

Little did they realize that going downtown for a few drinks would result in
a brutal battle just to get back home. Tltcy must become experts in tire fine art
of jockeying for a strategic position to get on the bus. They must become
masters at shoving. climbing and anything else necessary to get a space on that
bus.

Tension builds. And as the bus pulls in. it is already three-quarters full
because sortie clever students were wise enough to wall: down a couple blocks
to Robin Street.

. Those on Quail compete viciously for tire few remaining spots on tltc bus. it
is every person for him/herself as people trample mercilessly over each other.
Tempcrs flare.

It is a dangerous and ltighly explosive situation. but last Saturday night a
student was arrested for refusing to get off an alr‘ady crowded bus.

Wc rnrist revise tltc late-night weekend schedule. Buses ittrist run ntorc often.
perhaps every half hour. They iiirist also rrrii on tirrre. We must not wait tiritil
someone is badly injrircd before we act oit this problcrii.

We rcrtli/c additional buses are costly. bill as always. safety should be the
number one priority. Students should not have to fight to get on tile buses; itor
should tircy have to worry whether lltcy cart get irome.

Mayday Answered

We applaud tltc long—availed decision on Mayfcst.

Although it took too long to be finalized. it is a well-constructed platt. Willi
student cooperation. past problems will be eliminated. its effectiveness .
however. cannot truly be seen until lifter tltc evcrtt is over. We hope this year‘s
success will eliminate any doubts concerning the future of Mayfcst.

But most importantly. the plan does itot compromise tltc true meaning and
tradition of Mayi'est. it will continue to be it day for students. friends anti
alumni.

 

 

 

I ditoritil l'ngcs l.tlilor til 4

 

é

.r/AS P l- C l 5
Rob E. Grubmlin. [rlitm rn Clrrul

Haydon Cnimth. Steven A. Giaenhnig. Managing Irlrtois
Sylvia Satindnrs. Senior l'rtitnr

and if: cunliu: magazine

Ellhhllehod ln l§lti

.... Susan Mttllpan. Both Setter

ans Edilau . . . .
Associate News Editors . . . . . . .. Juitie Etsenbcra.Wayne Pearoboorri
AsPacts Edltoi . ....... .......Rob Edelatotn
Asaocinlo ASPacts Editors Joanne Wetnni. Andrew Carroll

. .. ...Doquotl

Sound Editor

Vision Edliot

Creative Arts

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors
Editorial Pages Editor
Copy Editors

. . . Jim Dixon
Suzanne Gerber
. . . . . . .. ... Bob Bollaliorn
. ...Marr. Hasnol.Lariy Kahn
. . .. . .Palrlcla Bianley
Frank J Gil Jr .Mitchetl A.Gl(tl.‘|)(il

  
 

Stall wrilms: Arnir- nets loin lioritrulio. tlobru Brown tletli Crririiirairita. Ken Cantor. Michael Carmen. Anne
Caviirinqh. Lori Ctlltl'il, Sharon Coll'. Scott Coiliiiioi, List. liwtir-iiriititk. Hillttlll‘KllnnCIll chkoy. Mark FISCltulti. Bitico
Fm. Gail Golrtstmii. Kori Gordon. Whitney Gould. Eric 1 riititri Matthew Hattdrid. Wtiiidetl Hoodoo. Mlcholo lsrael.
Junior. Jattc. Larry Kirisrirair. Noni Killty. Bruce any. Blit-‘I. no r. Torn Lustilv. James Markotsts. Ed Pinko. Dtatmutd
Quinn. Mark Rostrum. Mttrriy Saturn. Jolt Sctiattult. Barbara Schindler. Punt Schwartz. Sue Smith. Laiiiot Solomon;
Crirolrrio Suriiriims Zodiac and Piavlnw Editors: Matttt t‘rnrbnrino. Mary Kt-riigun

 

    

Marilyn Moslrowltl. Brisrrress Manager
Janet Diuttiiss.At1vt.-Ilrsiriq Manager
. . .................BonnteStevons
.... Miriam Rasplm. Hnrty Broiler. Karen Sardoli
. . . .. .. ,. September Klein
Hayden Catiuth

Olllea Manager
Blltlng Accountants
Classified Manager
Composition Manager
Advertising Production Managers: Mﬂlll‘ Anon Cotavtto. Tammy Goigoi Advertising
arn Meridutsohn. Laurie Schwatlttoiq. Carolyn Sedgwick. Oltlcn Stall:
run. Arlene KitilOWllt. Judy B.Santo

Sales: Dnvt- Bfnllt’lt. Roy Lomrio.
Production: Dianne Gtilctttii, Susan Kriplzin. M
flottm Barriosoii. Randi Git-r-iitiuir). 'liicia Jens
Duan llotz. Production Murray/st

Dab Reynolds. Drivtd Thantmusor, Assocrate Product/on Managers

. .. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..EttssuBock
. (tart Levine. Carina Stripototsky. Typlals: Nancy Eetnsloln. Mary Burke.
Nolan. Cathie Ryan, Strait Schneider. Laurie Walters. chaulleur: Math

 

VurttealCariiurn . . . ..
Pasta-up: Rhonda Kotliir-r. lloliiti Laiiiatoirt
Mimi: Gailiiiriiin. Mindy Guttiuti. Barbara
Flfsf‘illlllll

Photography. Suppitml principally by University Photo Seivrce
Chlal Photographer: Bot) Len/ram

m. Krill Chart. Shelly Cohan. Steve Essen. Mitre Ful‘n. Marti Halalr.

: D Ascher. Bruce Briggs, Alrin Cale
UPS 5”" av" DHVL' Machson. Luis Mtitlubonr. Sue Mtndrclr. Mark Nadlst. Suns

Mam Heiischel. IJrII Kmrrss. Itnanne KtliliAOIi.
Steinkrirn/i. lorry Tassatottr. wirr Vuiriiriii

published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the Albany Student
m -

.‘ rt t Press rs
"'5 Nb my SW a" Editorials are written by "it? Editor In Cltlol: policy Is

Prtrss " "I'm i’lIi , m. ' ,.

ﬁlth/[Elli to IEVIL‘W by (/10 llrtttuilat Baum.
Mailing address:

Albany Student Press. CC .729
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV 12222
{515) 457-8892/3322/3389

 

 

 

 

., .mwwmnwu.&&~vm.¢erhrut\u . 7-»

 

