  
 

' .ﬂ-v,‘.r. Fwy. _

_ n1...“

TIM-:1 “mm”,
~"‘~ ~«f-«t.vvi;ge'~

cause...- ._ -

   
  

....::~: -J‘xtw-M— “.1.
, .. a... ...  my...“ ‘

.

.

g.
,l
li
.
i
,

‘ﬁ-“l‘rx. We»...

 

. l
l
i
i
l
I
I

 

Earn. .y-‘r t1§}',5~.i .. . "

ﬂees?"  - .» .  - .

unwrer vs  ‘ Km;

 .- 1,. >—» how.

 

' _- -..a»,-..-.~... 4v: tum ..-,, .: .._

 

 

 

 

 

‘ piece of brand new furniture
dripping with brown stain
would come down the line.

“Come ooon let's GO" Ralph Waters
would yell as‘l picked up my first two

ra s. l'd feel a stran e sensation in m

Wayne Peareboom

stomach as l begin to wipe the excess
stain off the furniture. i knew by the
time the clock hit 7:20 l’d be totally
covered with the stuff.

College had gotten to be too much
for me so i decided to take some time
off and think about things. 1 needed a
job but lacked marketable skills and con—
nections in the right places. As a result, I
found myself wiping furniture.

Each of the four stain wipers knew
every crack and groove of every piece
of furniture that was put in front of us.
After a quick once over. we'd each grab
an air hose and proceed to blow the
stain out of the cracks in the furniture.
Ricky. who Would be working next to
me. might get a little too close and wind
up with brown blotches of stain all over
his face. He would pay little attention
and go on talking. He chattered con-
stantly over the eight hour shift and
worked nearly as hard. He seemed
frustrated. Maybe the fact that he was
nineteen years old and had a wife and
two children had something to do with

 

 

it.

if the other two stainers finish their
part before us. we could expect to hear
Waters scream “Come OOON YOU
GUYS. LET'S 60!!" I could never
figure out if he was serious or if he just
took advantage of any opportunity to
yell. Anyway. in another hour or so.
he'd begin his Elvis Presley imitations.
On impulse. he would jump on top of a
piece of furniture and start screaming
the lines to “Heartbreak Hotel" in a
monotone voice. Few people paid any
attention —— we'd all seen it so many
times before.

All this would take place on a typical
morning at Green Mountain. Furniture.
Chuck O'Leary. a young. enterprising
businessman. was president and prin-
cipal stockholder. Located on a winding
road in North Bennington. Vermont.
the factory employed approximately
200 people. Green Mountain built fur—
niture under contract for various com-
panies. mainly Ethan Allen.

The furniture was made practically
from scratch. The factory consisted of
two buildings. In one. through a series
of processes that 1 really never
understood. rough lumber was made
into furniture parts.

1 worked in the building across the
road. It resembled a huge warehouse. A
partition inside divided the building into
two sections. In the first section, the
parts were assembled. The newly
assembled furniture was then sent into
the finishing room wherell was assign—
ed. Here the furniture was put on heavy
Wp'oden pallets which were put on a
track of metal rollers. The track zig-
zaged throughout the entire section like
a toy train set. It ran through large
wooden dryings ovens and there were
several turnstyles where the pallets
could be pushed on side tracks if repairs
were needed.~

Different groups would do different
jobs at various‘points along the track.
Photo: Suna Stalnkamp

First the furniture was staihed and then
rubbed and lacquered twice. Following
this, the appropriate hardware was add-
ed. Finally. the stuff was Inspected and
sent to shipping. ~ I

The language consisted of what the
bosses termed ‘fshop talk." in transla-
tion. shop talk means that if every other
word out of your mouth isn't "fuck."
you must have some kind of problem.

The work itself was tedious but re-
quired a hard non-stop physical labor.
Besides lunch, we were given three ten
minute breaks throughout the shift. If

the weather was alright. many of us
would sit on the makeshift benches in
front of the building and stare at the
mountains that were less than a mile
away. Directly beyond those mountains
was Bennington College, which current~
ly boasts the highest tuition in the coun-
try.

Usually. i would just begin to unWind
from the work pace and the constant
drone of the machinery. when that
damn buzzer would ring. It was time to
immerse myself to stain once again.

ln the parking lot across the street. car
doors would slam at the sound of the
buzzer. On a typical day. York would
stroll across the street after chugging his
usual breaktime quart of beer. He
Would drink a quart or tWo at 6:30 in
the morning. a quart at every break and
at least two at lunch. He tried to quit
drinking ‘a couple of times. but by nine
in the morning his hands would be
shaking so bad that he'd beg somebody
to go to the store and buy him beer.
Nevertheless. anyone who called him
an alcoholic usually heard in reply;
“Have you ever seen me so drunk that L
couldn't walk?"

Often with him would be Greg. who
seems like a normal guy except for the
fact that he could not read or write. At
the end of each day, someone had to fill
out his time slip for him. He would then
sign it with an X. V

The newly found freedom of break
time would be quickly lost as the

machinery was brought back to life. l'd
feel the same dread that l felt at seven in
the morning as the spray gun would hiss
gradually. covering a White piece of fur-

Just before break I would have had a
chance to clean off much of the stain
which had covared every crevice of my
hands and forearms. Many telltale signs
would still remain. however. Stain
would be up my nose so I Would be con-
stantly inhaling it. My clothes Would be
covered with it. especially the knees of
my pants which would be rock hard

"I'd feel
a strange
sensation
in my stomach
as I'd begin
to wipe the
excess stain
of the
furniture. I
knew by the
time the
clock hit
:20, ['11 be
totally covered
with the stuff."

from kneeling in the stain and sawdust
that was all over the floor. Worst of all
would be my shoes which Would have
an inch-thick coating of the stain-
sawdust combination. The life expec-
tancy of shoes on the stain line would be
rather short because the stain eats
through the bindings. I always
wondered what the stain did to the
sprayer's lungs. He inhaled the stuff all
day without a mask on.

There was little point in fully cleaning
off the stain until the end of the week.
From the end of one work day there
really wasn't much time until we'd be
wallowing in it the next morning.
Anyway. by the time I got home from
work. I was too tired to do anything.
Not that there was that much to do
aside from the Thursday night bowling
league. I Would usually collapse on the
couch and fall victim to the television
set.

There was little to think about concer-
ning work. The work itself was not con-
ducive to thinking since Working at such
a fast pace doesn't allow a person much
time to reflect on things. Besides. we
were paid by how many pieces of fur-
niture we put out (the piece Work
system) and any slowdown would bring
screams from the other stainers.

The piece work system was devised
by industrial scientists early in the cen-
tury to give incentive to workers by
rewarding them directly for the amount
of work done. it didn't work quite that

 

 

H... 1. 1981J

I Finishing 1 R0

way at Green Mountain. Having dif-
ferent types of furniture. we'd be paid
different amounts for each piece. Every
once in a while. a strange looking man
in‘a black trenchcoat..a Hitler-style
mustache and thick black glasses
(known to the workers as “Tlck-Tock")
would do a time study. He'd determine
how much we'd be paid for the different
types of furniture. In the end. our pay
would be pretty much the same within a
certain range. How hard we worked
had little direct effect on -our pay. i
always felt that the essence of the well-
meant piece-work system was lost
somewhere among Tick-Tock's com-
putations. While many still worked hard
in hope of better pay. little satisfaction
was derived from work. Worker's faith
in the company was,low.

Besides the work and screams from
co-stainers. the other Way to occupy
one's time was to watch the workers
who were free to Walk around. i
remember seeing the young bearded
electrician who always had a smile on
his face. Then. on Monday morning I
was told that he had blown his own
brains out the previous Saturday night.

Then there was Floyd. He was a short
man with red hair who was ready t)
retire in a couple of months (with a full
pension of 50 dollars a month. 1 might
add). Floyd's arms were discolored
from the chemicals he had worked with
for all those years. He didn't talk very
much. but had a series of hand signals
worked out which everybody
understood. The word was that he had
seen an elevator fall and kill a man in
the next room about fifteen years
earlier. He hadn't been the same since.
it was said.

Leroy's pension was one of the
benefits of the union. Green Mountain
was a closed shop. After working there
four weeks. a person had to join Local
of the AFL-ClO or be fired.

With the union. the foreman
couldn't fire anybody without sufficient
cause as mandated by the contract.
Very few were dismissed. As a matter of
fact. in the two years l spent in the
finishing room. only two people were
fired.

The union also had the responsibility
of negotiating a contract with the com-
pany. I had been working there about a
year when the contract came up. The
whole thing came down to a vote — yes
meant accepting the contract and no
meant a strike. A mood of excitement
prevailed as 200 workers packed into
the North Bennington Fire House for
the vote. lwas among the 50 maniacs in
the back who were clutching a bottle of
Miller in one hand and screaming
"STRlKE" while Waving the list of the
other.

ln the end. the contract was ac-
cepted. There were too many people
who were dependent on the job and
couldn't afford a strike.

f can still remember the foreman tell-
ing me “It's a steady job" on the day l
was hired. f can also remember the day
one of the younger workers bought a
new car. Two supervisors were looking
at it as it stood gleaming in the parking
lot. On their faces were r big grins.
Everybody knows that if one buys a new
car. one has to make payments. In
order to make payments. one needs a
steady job. Another one was hooked. I

A‘._l‘l‘5,l.',"‘v' ‘ -l‘.~'..' ‘ I: -‘

 

 

  

Ryst—w. r

 

rummMW

 

W91. 19s:

 
 

hings didn't get started on Barbara
Court until well past nine. when
the shadows disappeared and the
streetllghts buzzed on. Only then would the
games start: Keepaway and Spud. Hide and
Seek and its grown-up cousin.Ringolevio.
'Limination and Dodge Ball. Ten kids sprin-
ting on the hard asphalt and tumbling in the
damp grass. hugging the greasy telephone

Andrew Carroll

 

pole ("home") for all its worth. and running
off again into the muggy midsummer air.
Parents. discernible by the red glow of
cigarettes. kept an eye out frorn the front
porches. shooing the well-hidden out of the
gardens. and warning. "If you get hurt. don't
come crying to me!"

 

-—4Amy Kidder—

The message ol those summer romps only
becomes clear ten years later, The competi-
tion was fierce. but no one really cared who
Won or lost. if you were "'limininated" or
"it." you knew it Wouldn't last long. it was
play for play's sake: not a recreation of socie-
ty's competitiveness. but a release from it.

"Play for Play's Sake" is the theme of a
very special gym course. it's called "Sports
and Games." and is the innovative concept
of coach Amy Kidder. who combines an iri-
fectious good spirit and a study of so—called
“New Games" to instill in a class of thirty
students self-confidence. creativity. and a
new sense of fun.

The class meets twice-weekly in hourly
sessions —- sometimes in the gym.
sometimes on the University's lawns. It looks
like no other class in school. A typical hour
willvsee a group paddling a board and dowel

 O {i > _ e  .
A‘ New Gym Course Explores Games
We All Play, And How We Play Them

contraption across a sea of “poisonous jelly."
Or the sometimes scary scramble of teams in
“British Bulldog." Or a bit of nonsense called
"Cookie Machine." in which a group crosses
hands to form a lengthy human "oven."
through which they flip. roll and pass a
human “cookie.”

The proceedings look a little silly. You'd
have to get rid of a lot of inhibitions to agree
to being flipped across a sea of hands.

Tn Kidder. that‘s the whole point.

The women's soccer and basketball coach
came to SUNYA via Topsfield and
Westfleld. Massachusetts. As a phys. ed.
major. she became interested in some of the
alternative recreational activities being
created in the early and mid-70's as a
response to the Vietnam War and to what
many educators felt to be the proportionate
grthh of competitiveness in the classroom
and the playground.

The most influential of these alternatives
was provided by the New Games Founda-
tion. which grew out of the philosophy of
Stewart Brand. Brand authored The Whole
Earth Catalog. the ecology bible of the 60's
and 70's. and in tent) turned his efforts
towards examining what and how people
play. He rccugnlzud that piit‘iffsis would op-
pnsr: games that reflected war-like values.
but also saw the need for what he called
“intense physical interaction between
players." .

The game he devised lti.‘ whirnsically call-
ed "Slaughter." lt featured ll wrestling mtit.
two balls. two goals. and huge groups ttf
barefoot players. Anyone could get "killed"
by being thrown over the edge of the mat.
The action was intense. physically exerting.
and above all. fun.

Others became intrigued with Brand's
ideas. and sought ways to widen their ap~
peal. George Leonard was investigating
similar aspects of competition - what he
called “creative play." He banded with
Brand and community organizer Pat Farr-
ingtoii. and in October 1973 organized the
first New Games Tournament in a valley
preserve north of San Francisco.

Two games characterize that day‘s events.
and the philosophy of New Games. One is
Infinity Volleyball. Unlike the regular game.
the object is to keep the ball in play for as
long as possible. with both teams sharing the
final tally.

The other is Earth Ball. a game that has
come to symbolize the spirit of New Games.
A (i-foot canvas and rubber ball — painted

Play Hard, Play l-‘air, Nobody Hurt

This weekend offers all the ingredients for a successful afternoon of

Sports and Games: good weather.
those nutay. crnzy college kida.
popular New Games. adapted from
by The Headlands Press. Inc. Stop
who the heck Willie Nile Is. and try

A “one-on—one battle for balance.

preaented to their opponent.

close your ayaa.
Kaaplng your ayaa

 
   
    

 

 

Photon: Sana Stalnkamp

  

fun. And please. remove all Jewelry.

The object In to make your opponent lone
ting ia allowed and encouraged, but contact Ihay be made only with your

hands. Otherwise. you have a different game. It's called boxing.

Face your partner again. thin time at two arm's Ian

Evarybody atanda in a clrcla ahouldaMo-ahonldar.

'.._- - wrmmrmgmquwws...

wide open fields. and thousanda of

Here'- a sampler of some of the more

The New Games Book copyright 1976
for a second trying to figure out just
some games. The only rule In to have
You'll lose an eye that way.

Stand-Off

" Players stand facing each other at one
arm's length. with their feet smacked together side by side. and their pnlma

his balance. Dodging and fein-

Aura

grin. Touch palma and

closed. drop your handa and turn around In place
thraa times. Now reach out and try to racaptura that magic momant by
locating palms. (Alternate Aura: begin the gama with a gullibla Maud,
opan your ayaa. and walk away. Now giggle.)

Knots

and begins to grd'b

  

 

 

with clouds. oceans. and continents —-— is let
loose in a crowd of people. The object. ac-
cording to Brand: “There are two kinds of
people in the world: those who wantto push
the earth over the row of flags at that end of
the field. and those who want to push it over
the other end. Go to it!"

The competition can be fierce — but the
New Games organizers noticed something
more Interesting. As the ball approached
either goal. members of the winning team
would prevent the ball from crossing the
goal. keeping the game going.

The festival was a huge success. attracting
over four thousand people and wide publici-
ty —— leading to Tournaments 2. 3. and 4.
and the establishing of the New Games
Foundation. which establishes and promotes
world-wide participation under the New
Games rnoito: “Play Hard. Play Fair.
Nobody l-lurt."

Kidder applied the “norrconcepts” of
New Games while she taught high school in
Wesifleld. There she supervised a "Project
Advance" program. a secondary school
outgrowth of the successful “Outward
Bound.‘I which aims at improving the self-
imtiges of students through improved
awareness of what they Citll do with their
hndrcs tlll(l minds. "l’rojcct Advance" scales
down the “Outward Bound" program

discarding rock climbing and siniilrir tests of
mind over liirtllL’t  ytrt retains its
pltiltistrplty.

peel; uhdﬂ'“""’

    

  

. - < . im- 1‘?

The p ii osop iy. according to Kidder. in-
cludes “cooperation. trust. and ultimately. a
feeling of closeness with others and oneself."
Utilizing many -New Games. Project Atl-
vance de-emphaslzd winning. and had
students setting their own goals.

“Sports and Games" is the l’./\. program
in a slightly adapted form. Participation is the
key and students are urged to try things
they've never done before — like the logroil
over the sea of “poisonous jelly."

The props are simple: a nine-foot board.
three pressed-Wood dowels. and a stick. The
object is to transport the entire class from one
side of the “sea” to the other. with no one

hands. Don’t hold both of the same person'a hands. or the hand of the par-
“ is
knot. hoping to end up in a big circle. or two interconnected onaa.

aon next to you. Now a bit of ,

Stand-Up

A New Game: favorite for getting a group together. The baalc ntand-up
involves two people sitting on the ground back-to-back. They than link
arms. and try to push themselves up.
group. and a fourth. and a fifth. etc. Warning: the game gets harder as the
group grown. The World Record haa yat to be not.

Hug Tag

Claaaical tag with a twist - the onl

People Pass

The ultimate In maaa tranalt. Everyone atanda facing forward in a doubla
lina. atandlng aa cloaa together an pouibla. One person at the head Iaana
back. and than begins a hand to hand journay to the back of tha llna.

Eco-ball

Tha parfact gama forMCalabratlon '81. or tho and of any Naw Gamaa
tournamant. Playara ara ialuad official Eco-ball plastic baga. and apllt into
fauna. and an told “gol” At tha algnal. tha taams try to pick up as much
garbage u pouibla. for deposit In a suitable goal.‘ Points an awarded for
each place of litter. Naatnaaa counta.

 

      
  
  

y time a player in "safe" la when he or
she la hugging another player. The “no-piggyback" rule In strictly enforced.

 
 
  

touching floor.

The logroil is an “incentive task," which
taxes the students' ability to discover in-
novative solutions to new problems. and the
cooperation and trust of thirty strangers.

After deliberation, the students can decide
the best way to complete the task is by hav-
ing nine students sitting intertwined on the
board. and slowly rolling the dowels beneath
the board. As a dowel pops out from behind.
the students must pause to allow it to be
passed up to the front.

The going is slow (remember that two
students had to travel back across the sea
each time to pick up the others. and that
there is nothing stable about a plank suppor-
ting nine nervous people). but that only
serves to increase the source of the ac-
complishment. '

Tire students are carrying many of the
lessons of “Sports and Games" outside of
the gymnasium. Flushed and tired after the
class. yet happy and enthusiastic. they speak
of the benefits of their “sleeper” class.

"it's the one class l never cut." is the opi~
ttlrnt of one of the players. with which many
of the class members agree. They feel the
spirit of the class givus thorn a better perspec-
ttvv on things when they return to the dorms.
They talk of a loss of inhibitions. boosted
t’tllllllll‘lll‘L‘. (Hill on increased awareness of
self. hitting praise for a mere college course

“This should he a prerequisite for any nirr
jot." says Jim Lustgartun. who calls the class

n - - .-;, .m-anw.~...-m.....,
v.45... . . W ._

    

__‘j; .

.- .-...‘ "‘.. ~ ,
his favorite. "The whole school ls based on
competition. This Course makes you unders-
Itrnd the real 'importance' of competing."

The students reserve the most praise.
however. for Coach Kidder. A few took the
class specifically because of the enthusiasm
she‘s shown coaching tennis. soccer. and
other classes All have become converts to
her style.

But Kidder just thinks that is part of the
course as well. “The wonderful things about
these games." she said. “is their abiliton br-
ing strangers together. and friends closer
together." From the looks on the faces of the
players. they've succeeded.

 

i.‘

" ‘to .' your‘

A third party can be addad to your

  
 
 
   
  
 

-AIIC

  

 

M to 0'41 “‘5 mu'd. .Ktti'nllt

9a.? 

  

~J;.- . ..,

- 1....9-.u~.;i Whistling;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

