 

 

i
t
l

 

 

 

- m—mmmmM—o-«MMWM A, no-..

 

4. «x- vvr'iﬁ u.—

 

 

\. Cwmn

 

 

S rln Conference:

 

NYPIRG Will Win

Leslie Haber

The Campus Center will swarm with ac-
tivity tonight when over 7C0 people from
across New York State arrive to register for
NYPIRG‘s annual Spring Conference.
which will take place in the lecture centers
this weekend.

As you may know, the New York Public
interest Research Group. lnc.. (NYPIRG).
is a not~for-prot'it. non-partisan research
and advocacy organization established.
directed. and supported by students at l7
colleges and universities across New York
State. These students hire a staff of lawyers.
scientists. researchers. and organizers. They
work together to ﬁnd creative solutions to
public interest problems.

At the 40 workshops available at the
Conference. people from across the state
will have the opportunity to share their ex-
periences. and to discuss issues. At some of
these workshops. NYPIRG lobbyists will
discuss legislative strategy. At others. corn-
munity organizers will describe their jobs.

Many workshops will be devoted to isyttcs
including toxic chemicals. trutlt-in-tcsting.

the bottle bill. student voting rights. and
property tax reform.

People from outside of NYPIRG will
also be giving workshops. Sandy Livingston
front Ralph Nader's office will discuss
media reform. John Richard and David
Jones. from Nader‘s office. will discuss the
national public interest scene. In addition.
James Ridgeway of the Village Voice will be
among the journalists giving a series of
workshops on investigative reporting.

If you are interested in learning more
about NYPIRG and about these issues. you
are cordially invited to attend the Con-
ference. The six dollar registration fee can
be paid in the Campus Center on Friday
frotn 5—l2 p.m.. and iti the Lecture Center
on Saturday front 8: l5.9:l5 a.m.

Ralph Nader once wrote. “This country
has more problems than it should tolerate
arid more solutions than it uses." You cart
begin to work for solutions to some of these
problems by attending NYl’lRU's Spring
Conference. NYPIRG —- We‘ve begun to
win!

 

 

 

Support Reagan

in the Editor:

I realize that it's dilficrtlt to ltatc all pct)-
pic understand the saint tricssagc thc satnc
way bttt l would like to clcar tip a few
misconceptions. I am spccii'tcally spcalanr:
about Tom liyacus‘s rcbuttal to my rcccnt
lcttcr to the editor (ASP l-cbruaty tit.
WM).

Mr. Evaeus states that l wtotc “\\'c
should ml shut up and not cnrnpkyin about
rising university fees.“ \\‘ltcn. in tact. rt hr
tool. the titnc to trail tltc ll'llt‘l. no such

 

thing \\.‘l\ nrrrtcn. My point run to bc
:‘Ltlt'lttl. l \tippott lllt' l'rcsidcnt'r train to
.'lt.’ gorctrrrncnt sttctttltttg and hopc thc
.otrntty will not make llll\ hatdct to ac»
.ornphslr as rt “ill and must bc dortc'

I don't rccall thc l‘tcstdcnt cyct saying
anything about specific budget cuts and
iirml‘. disbelicrc that ininotrty groups arc
:t; to ~nt't'cr any more titan anyottc clsc.

 

.zs \lr. liracus Cl‘OOscs to profess. lhc rc-
'natr:dcr of his how does not «pcctttcally
;in to any pornts l‘rc picytously tnadc
out i would like to commcnt anyway.

l could see blaming rising dcfcnsc spctt-

 

dirty on “Republican Hawks if this were
indeed tltc case. but itt fact. it's totally tllt-
tttic.

if Mr. l:\aciis took lllllL‘ to read tltc
ttt‘ttspttpcty or c\cti watch l)an Rathcr on
tltc c\ctiing ttcws once It] awhilc. hc'd know
that lllylL'il\t'tl spcnditur oti dctcitsc is a
\lUPtllllly'l/Ctl issue. that is. btrtlt [‘iltllt‘s
layot tltts. almost no onc opposcs it. Also
Itatt Rittltct and tilllL’l‘ liatc pottttcd out
tltat the possibility ol SM l ill I\ attythtny'
\rttt tlcatl. SAl'l ll would ncyct make it
through tbc ( ongtcss anyway. Did it \\l\L‘I\
dctnoctats “cm in control‘.‘

“arid \\. Matttl

Innocence Punished

lo the l-Zditor:

\\'hctt stndctits tctuitt to SUNYA this
September. lltc} will be faced with art art-
ttnal bill that has been increased at an tncrc»
tt‘tctll of a possible SStXt. Tuition. room.
and board. all contribute to this figure. The
ildtlltlttslt’dltttn. Board of Trttstccs. and
SL‘Ni ('hanccllor Wharton. to name a few.
all citc these increases (is absolutely-
ttcccssat)‘.

 

Outraged by the barage of increases fac~

 

 

 

 

 

concerned students have begun
fight. SA and SASU have arrang—
such as lobbying the state
Senate to help clarify the position, and
solidifying the student body. Individual
students complain atnortg thctnsclycs about
increased roont tttid board costs. wltile not
receiving any increased quality irt these
areas,

This past weekend. on lndiun Quad. was
to say the \cry least. interesting. More ac—
curately ptit however. it was expensive. In
the flag room, a large plate glass window.
valued at approximately $300 was shat-
tered. Two couches were deliberately
mangled. and there were several other acts
of vandalism perpetrated throughout the
quad. This weekend tltc reign ofdcstruction
was culminated on Sunday night iii the

ing them.
efforts to
cd functions.

cafeteria.

At approyinrtttcly 5:40 p.rn.. at the drop
of a tray. a massiyc food tight was initiated.
Mature. intelligcnt. collcgc students. began
ﬂinging food. trays. plates. glasses. knives.
and forks at each other. for thc shccr ftiti of
it. Fortunately nobody was seriously ltttrt.
although several pcoplc were hit with trays
and plates. When the ruckus subsided. tltc
cafeteria was left iii a shambles.

Few. if any at all. ol' the people involrcd
in the throwing of objects. bothered to stay
long enough to clean up. The UAS staff
was cht to clean up the mcss. and were rc-

quircd to stay late to do stt. l-'vcn after the
best cfforts. the carpet was left badly stain-
cd in spots. and sct‘crttl curtains were slain»
ctl. llcsltlcx inning to pay their workers for
thc cytra time spent tn cleaning tip. HAS
now has to pay to how the rug slittinpoocd
and thc curtains clcancd. Also. rhcy lime to
icplacc all tlic tllsllk‘\ .ttid glassware that
w ctc broken.

l'-\S strongly lccls now that mttic
puttitiyc action should l‘L' taken. Monday.
the decision was made. that unless the
datttagcs rncutcd \\t.‘tc paid tor. and those
rcsponsiblc caught. they would not allow a
small group or \llltlL'ltts to ttst‘ the cafeteria.
to ptcscnt thcri production of the play
-(ir(’ll\t'.- llic show is schcdtilctl to occur on
l-cbruaty 2‘". 2S. arid March t. This is about
a week away. and thctc is no way that the
cast arid crew at this trrnc can find art alter-
nate siic tor the production.

This small grotrp or students. nutnbcrinc
about 35. has pitt a lot oi time and mottci
into tltc success of tltcir cndcator. .‘ylost oi
them were not cycn present at the food
fight. anti yct they may bare to be the ones
to suffer the consequences for it. The
cancellation or the production ruay not

 

“WHEN tire commit

 

 

3M0 ’AaRARtAit Remit
LAND FOR error or its. smarter 1 narrer MEAN mgr or

 

.4

 

PlCl'the “ll-“8....

 

 

seem important to you. but it is a tnaior
concern for them.

I am annoyed. I am angry. l itttt trttttrrg.
ed. What right do students llll\‘L‘ lo .....‘.,
plain about increased rates, if this l‘t'l\;t\.|m
continues? Why sltould a handtrrt or
students, most of whom were not myrrh-.1,
be forced to suffer because ot lltt' action. .a
others? Those who did participatc to tilt
action should come forward atitt (I-yta m
the deferment of crisis for lL'DEllls. Int...
who did not participate. bttt know \\lltyt1htl
are urged to come forward and spcal run
If they do not. they are just as lcsprttt rtvttv
as those that threw the food.

it warms my heart to know that I go to .1
college populated by a large group or
students. who believe in engaging in trout
clean. harmless. destruction. A food llt'lt?!
clearly an act of innocent fnn which atttgr.
nobody other then it's participants.
glad my fellow students realize this.

Stitan l’. Marius

________._._—————_
Inform US
To the Editor:

The editorial which appcnrctl on 2 t"
"Call for Representation." struck at i...
heart of tire problem which is paraly/rn.
Student Association. 'l'ltc ptoblcttr
course. is not irtvolying students. S-\ .t r
not seek to inform tltc sttttlcttt hodr or.
school's ctiricttt statc ol affairs \rrta -
do not know- what the [intrinsic or x \r "
do they hate art lllltlL'tslitltrliltt' ot rr- .
(‘lcarly’. student participation tarrrrm '
solttlc. th SA should tcalt/c tlt.t‘
goycrnincnt has tltc lL'\]‘r|ll\tl lr‘
creating awarcnc“ .nnong thou: 1'

HA sltottld sccl. to pttblict/c and :1: i
an agcnda of pcttding turn-x and tom.
coals (preferably not .tl a rnorircnr
as t\ tltc pt'cscttl ctlst'l ltttlltL'ltzrr
L cntrat Council must tccogtu/c llr -'
ccysiic bureaucracy lclt‘ttctl lr'

.llll

editorial. is causing a serious strait.
ttrtrctioning. As a mcrnbcr or ('cnru t
.‘tl. l ain unhappy to report that
groups arc faced by an oucrly corp-.-
council that docs not tttily tttttlt‘tyidt
natttrc and purpose oi \llltlt’ttl goy.
Many ot tlrcttt act like Rcagau‘s i‘t-t
slashcrs instead of supporting writs
cultural atlvztttcctncnt.

 

Marv (.rox

RA Politics

To the Editor:

1 ant writing iti rcsponsc to thc Icrt.
which appeared in ’l'ttcsday‘s .‘ISI’ t-nrrri. :
"RA Warning“. As a person who I\ do
to botlt the source ot that lcttci and to it
people whom it was about. I lclt tr \\.r~ .r
tretncly itttportattt to cyptcss air ol‘rt'ct -
view.

it wits obvious to me that .\lt. (tr-tlict'
letter deserted a response. ltr fact. m- .at.
Probably eypcct a lctlct' from ottc of tho»
lie referred to as "Pattie's l’c‘ls” it no‘
directly frotn My. Sny‘dcr. llut bct‘ort- tlrr»
turns into a Battle Roy‘alc \\Illl tltc tcattw
caught in lltc middle. I would like to sct Itr
facts straight.

Mt. (ict'ber‘s lcttct C\PlL‘\\t‘tl rn.r-:
points. They were dttcct and hatdlutttrr
ltnt it is otwtous that bcczttrsc or llty' outm
through which he had gottc. his olitccltyt“
“as not what ll should haxc bccti

After reading tltccntirc lcttcr. | round?

closing line. “I hold no ltittt'tttt'ys.” t" -“~
hypocritical. lt c'tossctl my tinnd rim: 1
tll;t_\' hart- intended it as s.ll\.t\lll Iii
liowcicr it “.Is intended. | feel ltts luttcii‘:
w understandable. llc workcd hard as .t'
R '\ and cntoycd it. With tlic \'\\L'l‘lltlil 
ottc. possible two. thc cntiic stati tiit ’y
should liayc been given tlrt- opporttrrtr:\ f
more lutnsclt again.

Although the remarks about “l'.rrn.'
l’cts" may haic bcclt nncallcd tor. it on.
not be nctiicd that tltctc is a clittttc llt ilr.‘
Rcsidcircc Statf. llttrsc who took tlrc t-tttt
merit to bc ot‘fettsiyc tttc probably HIMI
bccanyc they ha\e rcalt/ed that thc ~|ttW "“
all to well.

And as for the rest:

“‘5 true that we were always told that ittt

 

 extracts. @onnnt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’0

/’

PECTS

Reggae speaks of the common historical and cultural
experience of the Black man. African rhythmic modes
meshed with the oppressive social conditions produce .
the reggae beat In the hearts and minds of Its im-
poverished patrons. This is music from the other side of
the tracks. Anger. frustration. rage, and the Imminent
threat of violence are just as prominent In the music as
in the society of the people who listen to it.

The music appeals to the passions of an exploited and
abused peopleJt's more than music to get high to: this
is music to inspire and incite. The quality that enables
this music to motivate is its inherent emotional impact.

 

 

   
    
   
   
   
   

«lack lsquith

 

 

 

 
  

 

Jamming on will?
7a.

page (in.

 
  
   
 

wrong with
today'l movies?

Stop! Look! Ind
Laugh! at pig. 8-.

SPECTrum brings you the weekend
on page On.

 

 

