  
   
 
   

¢a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
   
   
  
 

  

   
  
 
 

     
     
     
        
       
     
     
     
   

   
  
   
   

   
  

      
      
       
    
         
       
         

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
     
  
       
      
        
        
     
        
      
       
     
     
    
     
     
     
        
   
    
 

  
 

   
    

 
  

 

 

   

store I actually review this movie. It
is important to establish one fact.
Hangar-18. produced by Shtck'

Sunn Classic Productions. has been mIs-‘
. advertised. If you have seen any of the

television spots~ for It. then you no doubt
thought that Hangar-18 was one of those 'l
read It in the Star' pseudo-documentaries
about pseudo-events. produced by members

Mark Muratore

of moral majorities and the John Birch
Society. This Is not at all the case.
Hangar-1815 not only not an allegedly true
story. but It In fact occurs in the near future.
This out of the way. let us turn to the
business at hand. ‘
Hangar-18 begins In a routine voyage
aboard a U.S. Space Shuttle (the actual
maiden voyage of the US Space Shuttle
program ls scheduled for this April). All is
going fairly well for the 3 member crew. who
are in the process of launching a satellite (one
of the prime duties scheduled for the real
shuttle program). Naturally, for the sake of
plot. a minor technical difficulty occurs forc‘
Ing one of the crewpersons to take a space
walk. While this is occuran a strange blip ap-
pears on the radar screens. if you "guessed
UFO you were correct. Everyone watches
the UFO harmlessly viewing the shuttle's
operations. and the satellite Is, launched.
Wouldn't you know. the satellite is launched
directly into the path oi the UFO. An explo-
sion ensues as the two vessels collide. and
our space-walking friend Is decapitated. if
you guessed that P.R. problems were In the
making. then you may be a Public Affairs
malor.
Harry (we are on a first name basis only In

this movie). the NASA flight director
(down-played  Darrin McGavtn). and the

White House liaisionfsome three star general
who looks suspiciously like the gentleman
who played Jim Rockford‘s father on T.V.)
decide that the President should be Informed

EntLQLedits

 

of the UFO collision and the death of an
astronaut (not a surprising ' decision).
HOWever (aha!) since the President is only 2
weeks away from election day in a close
race. the White House Chief of Staff. who is
evil In a Madevfor-T.V. sort of way. who Is
named.only Gordon. and who apparently
owns only one suit and one facial expres-
sion. intercepts the call. Gordon (who is
down-played by Robert Vaughn — are you
beginning to sense that these actors are all

    

from old T.V. shows?). launches a massive
cover-up of the UFO half of the story in an
effort to protect the President's election
chances (hey, this is an original Idea). Why
does Gordon think this incident presents
such a danger to the President? Because the
UFO crash-landed In a remote part of Texas
and the Air Force and NASA recovered tt.
Gordon and company really botch up the
cover-up. Five people die, and they really
can't decide what the right thing to do is (I'm

Soundl 17.1..-

Encounters Of The cheap IIan

 

 

purposely not giving something away here

' . . .).Gordon'sftrst.andfatal. mistake was:

to blame the death of our friend the
astronaut space-walker. on his two
crewmates. Why Gordon and company
don't realize that our heroes (the two
crewmates. played by Gary Collins and
James Hampton —- remember Dobbs from F
Troop?) are not going to be happy to public-
ly be called incompetent was obviously
beyond the script Writer.

By now you are guessing that this movie is
a lot like Capricorn One. Sure. a failed space
mission. a bad cover-up. mysterious deaths.
and a survivor who In the end reveals the
truth to a shocked public. Clearly this plot
had possibilities. l'm not saying It could have
been an 'Academy Award winner. but it
could have provided some entertainment
following this formula. Another possibility
would have been to have the NASA scien-
tists working on the UFO discover an alien
plot to take over the world. Hangar-18
begins to do both of these. and in the end
does neither. One of this movie's most

serious flows is that it never finishes anything
it begins. This is partially a symptom of poor
editing. which Is also In evidence when
scenes change. Every scene change in the
movie is )ust crying for a commercial.
This movie suffers from terminal
"Made-for-T.V."

Still. Hangar-18 is not that bad. It isn't that
good either. but it isn't anywhere nearly as
bad as I'd anticipated. Be warned that
Stephen Thoriiber‘s script is awful. 1 hope
Steve used a pseudonym on this project.
Many of the movie's problems stem from its
unsure. unclear. undramatlc. unfunny. un-
cute. unsuspenseful unscript. James Con-
way's direction does absolutely nothing to
rescue any of it. in fact. his direction simply
does nothing. Conway takes a group of
used-up Made-for-T.V. actors and molds
them Into a group of used-up Made-for-T.V.
actors. Hangar-18 is supposed to be a
suspense-thriller. and no one ever gets ex-

r.:'..’....., 20. 1981!

cited. Come on Mr. Conway. the U.S.
government captures a UFO. Scientists are
learning that man evolved from alien
humanoids (hey. i could write a book and
call it Children of the Gods. Ah. who'd
believe It . . . ). Instead of apes. they have
an unlimited energy source at their finger-
tips. the secrets‘of the universe. etc..etc..
and no one ever raises a voice. a finger. or
even an eyebrow. i also hope Mr. Conway
used a pseudonym.

The cinematography was fair. nothing
special. The special effects must have been
done by an 8th grade camera class .(there
were three fires and a decapitation). and the
stunts were few and far between. Nothing In
any of this to make the movie special in any
way. Even the two obligatory car chases
were mundane. There are twa things I have
always wondered about car chases. First.
when a car Is being chased and bumped
toward the edge of a cliff. why doesn‘t the
target car Jam on Its brakes?. and second.
when brakes fall in a car chase. why doesn't
the driver shift‘hts moving vehicle into park.
thereby automatically shutting off the
engine? Clearly. Hangar-l8 sheds no light
on these mysteries either.

So what have we got? We've got a movie
whose public relations does more to keep

people away from the theatre than anything
anyone could ever write about. We have
mundane special effects at at. We have
unitispired acting. We have insipid direction.
We have an unscript. What we have is a
Made-for-T.V. movie which couldn't sell
enough commercial time to put it on the net-
works ln prime time. This movie isn't as bad
as you think and it Isn't as good as Stephen
Thornber’s mother thinks. it wasn't as bad as
i thought it Would be. Should you spend
money on this? If you've seen Altered States
at least three times. and have nothing better
to do. see this movie. It's a movie like
chicken soup . . . if you guessed my tag
line is ‘it couldn't hurt' then you go to SUNY
at Albany. 0

Are The Good Films Gone With The Wind?

ritlcs and audiences have decried
the mediocrity rampant In feature
films lately. Certainly it's no secret
to moviegoers that the films they've shelled
'out three fifty and four bucks for have been
disappointments. What few people have

Jim Dixon

done is to try to figure out why they're not as
good as they used to be.

My immediate reaction as a writer Is that
the writing in the movie industry is going to

.

 

‘ .
Bach on and now:
at"?!

F can and h I I.
bet . i don't know why. But finding one real-

ly well-written film In 1980 is hard. Finding
two Is nearly Impossible. There are enor-
mously talented actors and ' actres

available — the biggest movie stars today are
better actors than their counterparts of the
thirties and forties. almost without exception.
Many Hollywood directors are~at worst ex-
cellent. professional craftsmen, and many
are talented artists. The technology available
In terms of cinematography and special ef-
fects is staggering. And this Is all being
thrown down-the toilet on scripts that aren't
worth a tenth of their budgets. '

‘ It's an interesting phenomenon that writers

still aren't taken that seriously in Hollywood.
and yet some of the brightest and most
powerful directors In the city started out as
writers and still say that the best way to make
it in the business is to keep writing Scripts.

There's another problem though. and a
more serious one. What Is more apt to hurt
the industry In the long run Is the very way
the business Is starting to be run.

There was a time when movie studios
were lust that. and they were run like fac-
tories. Universal. M-G-M. Warner Brothers.
20th Ce‘ntury Fox. Paramount and others

i

    

'Hopburn. ’l'ncy aha Dean ve.

had people under exclusive contracts - ac‘-
tors. directors. writers. technicians.
everyone. it meant that the studio working
as an ensemble. a repertory company of
sorts. Individuals were secondary to the final
product. the film. Eventually. big star!
became free agents and they had to be
negotkated for. one picture at a'tlrne. The
star became a product in his/her own right.
It's come to a head now. and there are a
surprising number of people who can get a
million dollars a film. and some who get
more than a million dollars a film.

And the studios don't really make too
many movies anymore. Producers often find

 

backing for films on their own. and the
studios simply undertake the distribution of a
film. The studios are owned by large cor-
porations. and all of a sudden a lot of people
are Involved who don't know a thing about
making movies. Too many movies are made
simply as a matter of packaging and produc-
tion.

It shows often enough. believe me It does.
Third problem: Movies are not always made
simply to make money at the box office. On
the surface. that may not seem to be such a
bad thing. but actually there‘s a lot to be said
for making movtes to be profitable only at the
box office. If a movie I5 designed to make
ffioney at the box office. It has to be made to
make as many people as possible want to go
out and pay money to see it. But there are

 

other ways to make a movie pay for itself
now. TV sales are one way. Some movies
are actually financed through TV sales in ad-
vance of production. In other words. a pro-
ducer sells the TV rights to a picture before
he makes it. uses that money as capital to
finance the production. and the movie will
be shown on network TV sooner than would
be usual. (Sunburn. which starred Farrah
Fawcett. was done this way. it bombed at'the
box office and got lousy ratings.)

Another out is cable TV. Outfits like HBO
need a certain amount of programming. and
will buy any reasonably major film that's

  

available. in some cases. HBO has shown
movies that received little or no distribution
as a feature film. '

And there are foreign sales. All you have
to be able in do is dub the film easily and
have some big stars in it. and it can go over
big lll South America and some European
markets. Despite thevfact that what we see lti
America of Europeﬂh films are those of
Bergman. Fellini. Truffaut. and Herzog.
most European films aren't as good as what
gets shown here.

This sort of marketing is undercutting
American film production. Why make a
good film when you're safer with a bad one?

You almost can't blame them. Unless you
love movies. And unless you're paying to
see them. . .

 

 

 

        

 

 

   

 

 

‘ February 20. l981
Median

little less than a week ago I found
myself in a record store with some
spare cash. Staring at the records. l
was torn between the Jam's new album
Sound A/[ects and Elvis Costello's latest.
Trust. Lately my musich preference has
been running towards newer English sounds.
so it wasn't surprising that after examining
botn albums I urchased the Jam's latest.

Brian Clark

  
   

 

ﬂ.
despite the fact that off hand i could not
name a single tune by the English trio. The
album also contains a bonus single. but i
don‘t think this had too much to do with my
decision since i was in it mood for ex-
perimentatlon.

lfelt rather daring as l placed my purchase
on the turntable. being that I knew very little
about the band and even less about the
album. The little I heard was that the Jam are
English. liave a rather small American

i

popular band In Britain.

dance production?
How many people wally want in
go to a dance production?
Imenn tifiur all. what is it? A llllltt‘li of hnll
ressed people running around on n stngtu

"Ti. ’ ostly in unison. right? pm
‘ l)iilill' lllrllfil tilltl riftcr ti pill/,lt'tl ltnik slit-
replied. “Well. there is no Utilit‘t' “hunt (ll
Albany." 'l‘liis Slii)Cl(i’t'l mu ti lllllt’ lh’i'titlSt‘

Jack Nuthatl

Wrong
. Dance is one of the most basic and yet
" erfcct artforms taking human movement
tid creating transient beauty. And this Fri
ay and Saturday we till the chance to
hart: in such an experience as our own
' iiCL‘ Council present its Footworks on the
aiti Stage of the Performing Arts Center.
At this point I mun. admit my own ig»

 

 noraiicc of dance. Except for calcliin’d i‘

~v ﬁllet once a year. I really don't attend dance
"V productions. If I hadn't been talking to Lil.

" Toot Suite

0" he French have a secret when it'

J comes to fine living: they take llit.‘

 finest ingredients. mix thorn with

l . the greatest care. and serve it all up with ex»
We taste.

David Rosenblum

Last Sunday. students and faculty were
treated to an afternoon with the Frtt'iicli
touch. as the Music Department presentth .t
ngiam of French works with flittist lrving
Gllman and pianist Findlay Cockrell at the
PAC.

The recital was not originally planned to
be all French. according to Gilmuii. a frt'r
(“will Performer In the Albany area and first
chair with the Albany Symphony. But the
all-French flavor was a beautiful touch. and
me Performances were outstanding.

The recital opened with "Morceau dc
Commit" a short piece for flute and piano
bit Gabriel Faure (l845-l924l- Gllma“ SUQ‘

 

following and have something to_say about
society in their songs. All three things appeal
to me. so i was very receptive.

bass line. and how the lead and backing
vocals had a sweeter and nicer sound in
comparison to the harsher voices found In
other British groups.

this album immensely. Tlie'songs do have
something to say about society (English
society that is). the lyrics really stand out and
title music is good although not terribly coin-
p ex

big impressions "l’retty Greed" is a song
about money. In this song. the singer tells us
we “can't do a thing unless it's in the
pockvt"

Sound :&

Vision - vs

est Jam Session

The first thing i noticed was the dominant

After just a few llstentngs. i decided i liked

A couple of songs on the fiist sltlc niutlt-

v— not something terribly new.

"Monday." it song Illiil sounds like it might
make it (in the t'IllWiiVL‘S. boasts rt catchy hunt
and fine lyrics The side (‘lliSt'S with two of
my favorite cuts. “Sui the House Ahluze"
and “That's lintortaininunt." 'l'lic ftillllL‘i is

   

   
     
 

Yr.
ml

'0 the most

Molltni. l’it-sltlt'nt of Danni Council. i doubt
lWIitIltl lliik’t.’ Iiitltlt’ pltiiis to attend the show
this wtzt'kuntl And that is tttily it slitiiiit- 'l'ltu
hlllllt'lil‘a lli l)riitt’i’ (:iillllL'll have got to lit’ ]ll3~ti
.iliritit llii' iiinst tlt‘LllL'tilL’tl studuiits tin L‘iilil'

l lltltl tl‘il(i.'(l Liz how ltnig she was .i

at the little State College 1 lliritl

oven
pillVlUlISlV rillt‘illlt’d one could illrlllil iii
(lance 'l'licii Liz went on to lt’ll llit.‘ .ihtnit

Dance (Ititnicil ll's ti giuup who low! tltitil t'.
And out of that liin.’ they run clubs. help
hook professional groups like Jennifer Muller
and fllf’ Works. who will be liL‘l‘t‘ ltiIt-r lltta
term. and also ptit Itigt'tlici DIFIfillllltillt‘t‘S of

lllt'll “W”.

So i asked l.t/ why tlityiilli‘ slioultl rmlly

bother to go sut' llii'll NliUW Allt'i lii'l lllllltll
Sllfif'k til my question \vtiitr tiff. Hllt' tultl iiit'

sique—Hasnifique!

tiiit'uins" iti llti‘ titlt'

gestctl llil’ int'iilioii Ill “f.
It‘ t'iililptfllllfill lii‘ltl

may he rt I‘l'ftll't’lli‘l‘ to it
or til the Paris (Iriiisuivniury. fill

t'iiClt ya
lit \viitt' (lt'lllrill

wliicli composers wutiltl bio! I
tliiig pieces. While this pnitit'iilni pit-ti: flitl
not (‘i)|i)liltllt(l lL'flllilf‘tll skill. it was tltflnttll
(ling lit .i (llfli_'ii.’lil st‘iistr. A tranquil piece. If
(‘i'tlli'tl ftir 'llltf musicians to L'IiiiliiitllilCiili‘
l'X[)tt“a‘tlllii and ft't'ltiig It writ.

llirotigli
prt-ssivv. flowing stle itiitl

i)lr‘iyL'(l witli llll iiii
inteiisu t!)(|')it"nltlll

Gllil‘iill tlttin played “Dniist- (lit in Chewy"
for bill!) flute. Written liy Artltur
l'lnoger 08924955). this demanding piece
was played smoothly and seoiiiingly'ef-
fortlessly. and provided interesting
similarities with the Faure.

Cockrcll rejoined thman for a
a French liomanttc flute player-

plece wrtt-

ttm by
composer. l’lilllipe Gaubert (1895-1941).
They played “Deux Esqulsses"-.”Soir Sur'La

Paul Weller-I

 

A
lllck Buckle".

It reminds me of "Clampdown" off the
Citisli's London Calling. It speaks of
uniforms. li'tllliL’I’ boots. hatrt'tl uiitl indoc-
ltllltlfliiii Then comes my pursuit-1| favorite.
«in acoustic thick lliilf sounds it" very IiiCt'

The second side opens with "Dream
Time." another fine song. which leads into
“Man in fltL' f (tittt‘r Shop." a very intriguing
song. The tune tolls of thrut.I men from (llf'
lt'ft’lif Siii'liil t’lrlh'it'ﬁ rind the icalousit-s a-
tlllfl \\\‘l‘|'l if (ilil' tlitt’S not tlltflt'l siniitl Cilgll‘tll
Iil pay too lililt ll rilft’liltttit to llii' lyrics. But.
llit’ tillitllli tiiiiit's \\'illi ti l\.'IIt' shoot an it
would lit- Imitl in Illl‘t‘u fllt‘lll

mung lllt‘iii The song closes with these men
tiliil unlit-is going lit i'llllt't‘li. “And l1('f|’ llit'U
nit' ill] niit' /ftil ('mtl rtt-titt‘rl till IlIt‘Il t'qiitil,"

As tlit' sting 'l'lit- lthl liltt’ is It‘lli'tlll'il .i It'w tiiiit's for I'll]

Hllt'rlli'x plums l'lns intiltl llt' tltt- .illitiiii‘s llitlliii
H » llit'llli'. \vliilt' ll tll\li tit‘lkllii\\'li’(lflt‘S flit‘ flirilli‘
A WW5” “f tiltM “'Hf H 'Hi'll’fi' l'f pittlilt‘iiis inni nnt‘ntiiitt'in ltl stit'tt'iy liitlrik‘
limits '1 lli' .illiuiii t-inlx \t'ttli .i litii lt t'lillflt'il "St it’ipt'
Ail i'ft’4 tin [nun out! it [I’lllr'if up phinii- Amtv " \titli lllt' sitigt'i ‘spf'tlklllu lit ti t‘viiit‘

fitlltffl
f'ntlii slifiiiii'it'tf tittilfi. Illltf tln' my of if
“It” Hit 77

with t'ttllli'll ('1 l h- IN .iultiiiti all «if its int ii‘flliil
In llliltt' llll’tlll‘vllt (lttll‘v. Wliit’li n. .i thought
\Uttlllil,‘ til ‘tiillti' i itii~itlt‘i.itltiti

Stunnf Afft'tis IN .i wty i'ltjttL‘tllilt’ tillllllll
wttli ‘titlit'tllit. llIIillﬂlll'lll'iIVttlklltg lyinx
Ht't‘titlw til Iliis l .iiii t'rigt'i tti llHli‘li In what l
tilli suit- tllt‘ wini' iillll'l wry liiw tilliuiiis liV
.t \it'IU lllit' liltitili .

f.I§)fifh going out and ti ltirlt iIt ffit' liuff',
'I‘liot's t'iiit'iittiiiiiit'rii"

’l‘lit' depiction of it lititsli lilt' ('tiiitt-s rii'lih‘
t‘lt'tlllV \vitli [how hard hitting lyrics

m Footworks And Fancy Free

iiitirluiti. .i liitlt- llilllt’f. ntitl trvt-ii sonit' iiii-
pIIK/l‘tllli‘li. ((liit' iiutiilii-t' XS titlt-(f. "'l'lit’
Mtiiilwv WlthIll'il llis 'l'.iil Around the
Flagpole". l'in (lying in sun \Ultrll that is.)
Aiitl'tht' tvltolu production is student ruti.

W;

flltil it. ” . limits lltl' movies “'5 .i L‘lir’ittl't‘
(it sue lin‘ pt'i‘fttllili’l‘u " llit’ii with it smile
she .itltlt-tl. “And I'm Ill it " That in IilU \Vlt‘i
llL‘i livkt i'tlihilll I‘.ltllflf'tlfk5 is on .iiliRlit‘ L’Il’tl'
liliil by .i giuiip «if our own very ttiluntutl .nitl

. . . .

      

t‘lioretigi.iplit'tl. tlll‘l Dt‘i'flliiitt’fl.
By lltt' time I finialth Spt’tllflllg with Lil. l
was wally ltitiltiiig fiIHVtiitl in lllt' show. I'm

voiy tlotlit'r’itt'tl sititlt-nts WtI have it (‘ltiiitt't‘
It) show stiiiit'tliitig Vt‘iV lliipiilliilil with

them
not suit- Wlit'flit'l it Was (Iliinosu Bitllt'l or
the NtilCir’lL‘lu‘l Smith. or “.ln/x Mntnu" that
caught my vyc. iii whether it was lliL’ excite
“Will and unurgy of l.i/ licrsell.-but l (lL’f‘ldt’tl
Friutuiurks was filli grind to pass tip. 0

From wlitii l tilinipst-tl of flit' pitignnn, the
Show Will tipiwnl lil lltt‘ illlf'lfilltiilii .i'litl tlitl
ignorant. (such .is iiiywlf). .ililtt- It's tl
‘wliliiigtlﬁlitilfl of tltnit‘t' .i ltltlt' Iii/l. tl llltlt'

pieces iuxtnptistid beautifully.

Gilm-In spoke frequently to the audience.
and provided interesting background on jazz
as an introduction to the next piece. a suite
for flute and jazz piano. The performance.
however. spoke for itself.

Cockrell. a member of the SUNYA facul-

' ty. was a pleasure to watch. playing
vivaciously. He was near incredible as he
played difficult passages with finesse. Hts
fingers quite literally flew over the keys.

Gllintni's flute added a vibrant touch. with
the bass and drums of Michael Flaiitgan and
Ralph l’urifiicta completing the picture. All
the players had a good time. snitltng as they
went along. especially when Gilman struggl-
ed with the huge bass flute.

The audience had lust as much fun listen-
Iiig as the performers had playing. The
standing ovation was inevitable.

On any level. the faculty recital was a total
success — a success l hope encourages
many more concerts of Its kind. . H

qt...

1 '

l’lnint'" itlltl “()iitiiitnl " 'l‘liu Bolling Suite for
flute and pliillii t‘iilltt.‘ next. and ilw iilltlltHiL‘L'
was in for iiii incredible surprise. the two

 

. ~t .
Sunday'c Faculty Roch-I featured
the aﬂoﬂlou muclclannhlp 0! [~an
Gila-n. . i

new ., 1. sum .. -ws. 4...,

 

     
  

