 

 

 

.. -, C. s... MA 'vr‘~,-

. mwwat-u.wmw ,_.. y __ .

A.“

1
l

t

 

risking

  
 

 

 

lohn Irvin On Films And Filmmaking

Albany's being haunted.

The city abounds with ghost stories. if you
brush up on your local history. But the new
ghosts are from out-of-town. Peter Straub's
novel.Ghost Story, an eerie tale of a group
of elderly men who share a secret and a

haunting, is being filmed in town by Univer-

Jim Dixon

Yes. it opened to good reviews. cer-
tainly in New York-l don't know what's
happened in the rest of the world . . . l
mean the rest of America.

Frederick Forsythe's always had a knack
of making money.

Yes. He tells topical stories.

Ghost Story seems like an unlikely
follow-up to The Dogs of War.

Well. that's one of the reasons i like

 

sal Pictures. Parts of the film, which is casting

a hefty twelve to fifteen million dollars, are
being shot on a specially-constructed sound-
stage In Albany's Union Station. The ghost is
named Eva Galli. and the upstanding citizens
are being played by an all-star cast Including
Fred Astaire. John Houseman, Melvyn
Douglas. Patricia Neal. and Douglas Fair-
banks, Jr.

The man responsible for bringing the pro-
tect of/ is director John lrvin. a forty/sh
Britisher. who Is making his American debut.

Though lrvin may be a new face on the
American fllmmaking scene. he's hardly a
newcomer to his craft. A one-time architec-

ture student. lrvin Is a twenty year veteran of
the British Broadcasting Company. having
worked his uray up from the editing room.
Most recently, Irvin directed the BBC's
highly acclaimed production of John
LeCarre's Tinker.'l'ailor.Soldler.Spy which
starred Alec Guiness. and the new produc-
tion ofFrederic Forsytlre's The Dogs of War.
Mr. lrvin consented to an interview in
Saratoga. where much of Ghost Story is be-
ing filmed. We talked about The Dogs of
War. Ghost Story. and his thoughts on film
in general.

Congratulations on The Dogs of War.
You've been getting very good reviews
so far.
So far. so good. yes. You haven't
seen it yet?
No. it hasn't opened up here.

 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
     
   
    

Sir Alcc Gnlnua had nothln
Tinker Town

doing it. One of the reasons I wanted to
do It was because it's so different. lcer-
tainly felt that alter The Dogs of War
something like a ghost story seemed like
fun.

Were you involved with writing the
script?

Yes. i didn't write the script. but the
writer who works with me in London on
the script — and he’s a hell of a writer
—- and l were in daily consultation.
Which is marvelous because the writer.
Larry Cohen. has remained with the
project from the inception . . .' in fact

  

he‘s still working on it. i insisted that he
was here dur\ng the rehearsal period
and alter the casting he made revisions.
Which helped improve a good script.
Was it an unusually ltard adaptation?
It's a long book.

Well. to tell the truth. I didn’t read the
book until l'd read the script.
You were filming in Vermont before
you came to Saratoga?

Yes. We started two weeks ago.
What we're doing — Milburn is the town

Melvyn Douglas. Patricia Neal...
You're working with a cast that l'd be in-
timidated to walk into the same room
with. What are they like to work with?

Apart from being enormously gifted.
they're very professional. They come

“In America generally there’s an acceptance of waste,
waste is somehow a built-in quality...there is an
assumption that waste is natural.”

in the story -— physically we're using
part of Woodstock. and part of
Saratoga. We're using mostly interiors
here and exteriors there. i wanted a
town that was surrounded by hills to get
a sense of the community being trap-
ped.
You weren‘t looking for snow. I hope.
i was. unfortunately. l'm still waiting
for more snow.
Thai happened last year to the crew
filming A Change of Seasons, They

 

needed snow and it stayed in the forties
the .whole time.

i have the same special effects man
who was on that. He was telling me all
tltose horror stories.

You have a soundsiage at Union Sta-
tion in Albany.

Yes. well. it is a soundstage. l was
there this afternoon. We've built a lot of
our sets there where we have to do
things like tear up floorboards. smash
furniture and break windows. which we
obviously couldn't do in an actual
house.

The homeowners might object.

(Laughs). We could get ourselves in a

lot of trouble that way.
Something lfeel too mitch like a fan
asking. but I'm going to be asked after I
get out of here — the term "special ef-
fects movie" has been tossed around a
lot more in the last couple of years than
before. How involved are the special ef-
fects on Ghost Story?

Quite involved. but i hope you won't
be over-conscious of them. I hope
they'll be done so well you won't be
aware that they're special effects.

I know you have Douglas Fairbanks Jr.
Fred Astaire. and John Houseman . . 

. . m" «0...... .c .a... a...»

   
 

well-prepared. and they wrrrk lnntl
They're very. very professional
Did having a story that calls for so rrttuly
older actors make it difficult to cost?
No. In fact. that was one of the {twin
joys of the film: casting.
Douglas Fairbanks hasn't ntatfc (i filltt ill
quite awhile.
Twenty-odd years.
How did you coax him back?
He saw Tinker. Tailor. Soldier. tim-
That must have been very fiatturrnrr

Ian Bannen. Beryl Reid. and Suaan Kodicck from Irvin'a BBC production. inker Tailor‘Soldier Spy.

(Laughs). He was coaxed by rrtlrtvn
in the novel there are a t'trtrlrlt' rrf
younger characters . , .

Yes. We've combined the county-r
men into one. He's called Don. plrt'xl‘rl
by Craig Wasson. Obviously the in ml. r»
very long. and we've had to n-hm- iln'
elements of the story , . . in the bunk
there are five old Inert. Wi' lun't' only
four, The Douglas Fairbanks Clirttruit't
is a combination of two. We have taler
a lot of liberties with the book. Thun- .rru
things in the hook that are not tn the
film. and some things in our filtn .m' l I‘t
tainly not in the book.

William Friedkln has always clenr’cd that
The Exorcist is a horror film. Do you sw’
Ghost Story as one?

Certainly not. it's a moral tulw
(Laughs). What i hope Ghost Story i‘r r»
a return to the traditional ghost strut.
It's about guilt. One of the underpinning
subtexts of the book is “What Is the
worst thing you're ever done?" That is
very much a subtext in the film . . Inn:
it's not a horror story. though I super
that depends on what is meant by in
“horror story." It won't be in that gt'lih‘
although there are horrific things imp
pening. l'm much more interested lIt llu‘

 

 

~....,~-..n . _ .

‘_4AJ. » .
. r t

reasons why people are horrified. it's
much more a psychological study of ter-
ror and horror than it is a celebration of
violence. or a victimization of the au-
dience. it is. I hope. more subtle than
that. i also think it'll be much more
frightening.
The current wave of “Psycho” movies
has apparently peaked. in any event.

i think this is going to be different. i
like working in genre. whether it's spies.
or action-adventure or ghost stories or

 

nlon they should have stopped
Heaven's Gate and The Blues Brothers
after two weeks. Filmmakers are now
seen by some studio heads as
alchemists: that they have a way of
making money out of nothing. I think
that's a great mistake. A good film can
only be made. I think. with a very good
script and a very good cast. with a direc-
tor who's involved in the project. l think
also a reason why films are going
massively over‘budget is that there is in

 

“Obvlonaly, the first job of this film is to frighten peo-
ple. If It doesn't frighten people, I’ll have failed."

 

horror stories. because i think within
those genres you can say quite a lot of
very valid and personal things
Graham Greene always did.

But they're nicely camouflaged.
What's Ghost Story going to look like?
What's your physical approach to it?

Very low-key. Very dark. Exteriors
which are white on white on white.
Snow. ice. bones. Visually. well. the ex-
lerlors are very like — we're using An-
drew Wyeth as kind of an aide-memoir.
a visual approach to the film. But the in»
teriors are nearer Francis Bacon.

Are you using a moving camera a lot.
say like what Kubrick did in The Shin-
ing?

i move when l think it's necessary to.
I think a constantly moving camera
dissipates tension rather than intensifies
ll.
Films have gotten atvfully expensive to
make.

And to see.
That's true too. l’ve read that ten million
dollars is the average budget ofafeature

//

. i ‘
film right now. Why have they gotten so

expensive?
i think because film stock and pro—
cessing costs have escalated . . . the

chemical aspect of making films has
become much more expensive. Wages
. . . labor is much more expensive And
of course accomodtil'ton has become
much more expensive. Construction
costs too. Construction costs have .rc
celerated phenomenally
There have been a Ctill])lt.' of ftlrrrs ltifi‘ly
that have gone staggerineg out-r-
budget."‘and way {)IJL'PSfllt'tflllU What
do you think is causing this trend.”

i suppose it's a lack of confidence in
the studios to stop a production when it
stints getting out if control. hi my opt

rd * up, ~x -.w. .r a

  
   

California. and in America generally. an
acceptance of waste waste is
somehow a built—in quality . . . there is
an assumption that waste is natural . . .

. . . in England. where l grew up. in
the BBC. English directors tend to be
more disciplined. if they go over
budget. cverything's taken away from
them. Their crews are taken away. and
they're never finished. Or if they are
finished. the director's finished
(Laughs), For instance. in the BBC.
there's an absolute premium. premium
put on studio space, If you go over-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

C h r l a t o p h e r
Walken stars in
Irvin's ﬂrat m.-
.Ior production;
The Dogs of
War. now draw-
lng crltlcal ac-
clalln In New
York.

uget. go over-scte u e ry a ay. you
can destroy the planning of about three
month's projects. So you see. you just
don't go over. if you go over. you're
ruined.

Writer/director Patti Schrader has said
that film is going to become an
anachronisnr in our lifetime, Do you
think that's true?

Well, unlike Mr. Schrader. i don't
have the gift of clairvoyance. i would
say it's extremely unlikely. Twenty years
ago people were saying that Eastman-
color would be out of date in three years

. . that the cinematographer would be
out of work in three years. This was
twenty years ago. it hasn't happened. I
suspect that Paul Schrader was just
looking for a good quote. Audio-visual
entertainment. whether it's film or
television or whatever, the grammar is
going to he basically the some.

What attracted you to Ghost Story?

The contradiction. l suppose. You
have four apparently rather eccentric.
lovable. elderly gentlemen who are

 
  
 
 

   
   

 

“In England. where I grew
up, in the BBC, English
directors tend to be more
disciplined. If they go over-
budget. everything's taken
away from them.”

nuu‘derers. And that is the interesting
thing. it was by accident. They didn't
mean to kill anybody. But they (lid. and
they've concealed the t‘tltnv for fifty

we r. curs..canttbta..acr on n raw/st

years. And that attracts me. There's a
moral-mileage there (Laughs).

What have you found about this film
that's more difficult than you thought it
would have been?

I think probably the weather. l need
snow and can't get snow. obviously
that's very difficult. And of course it's a
very complex story. 'There are dreams.
flashbacks. you're dealing with elderly
people. It's different.

You say you don't see Ghost Story as a
horror movie . . .

Oh. It'll be horrific. Obviously the first
job of this film is to frighten people. if it
doesn't frighten people l'll have failed.
no matter how good it is on any other
level, My job is to terrify you. That's
what the audiences are paying for.
Whatever else l filter in on the way is
good. but my first obligation — by duty

“A good film can only be
made with a very good
script and a very good cast.
with a director who's in-
volved in the project.”

-« is to frighten you.

Do you think there has to he empathy
with a victim to build a sense of fear. a

sense of horror?

Not necessary. Hitchcock always said
it was necessary to build a sense of em-

1 lbany's Union Station is no stranger
to stars.

In the forties. fifties. and into the
Albany. attracting SRO crowds daily. Bing
Crosby passed through once: so did Jerry
Lewis and Dean Martin. Jackie Gleason was
there. and ate a lot of doughnuts. FDR took
the train. So did Harry Truman. And Gover-
nor Dewey. wttom the Thruway's named
after. A wrestler named The Angel came
there once. as did Fatty Arbuckle. Monty
Wooley. Diamond Jitn Brady. and a daily
throng of several thousand tourists, com»
muters. burns and degenerates.

Train travel became a lot less popular in
the sixties. and eventually Union Station.
one of Albany's best-known landmarks. was
indefinitely closed.

The train goes through Rennselaer now.
and Union Station until very recently has
been just a shell.

But though it's not a train station
anymore. the stars are back. Union station Is
a soundstage for Universal Pictures produc'
tion of Ghost Story. Fred Astaire. John
Houseman. Melvyn Douglas. Patricia Neal
and Douglas Fairbanks. Jr. are featured. and
I doubt that the old Union Station has had
such a cast in it at one time before.

Film is a matter of illusion. The setting of
Ghost Story Is a Southern Tier New York
town which is wholly fictitious. Creating this
town. this mythical environment requires
shooting bits and pieces of the story in dif-
ferunt plates. and then splicing them
together so that they seem to be one place.
at one time.

Director John lrvin puts it like this: “I look
for specifics and then i combine them . . .
one takes elements of this and elements of
that and you try to harmonize them."

As ls common with most big~budget
movies these days. most of Ghost Story is
being done on location. But soundstage
Work — sequences filmed on sets '—- is being
done right in Albany. While the Capital
District has been used sparsely in the past as
a location for some filming. most notably in
1972 when parts of The Way We Were were
shot at Schenectndy's Union College and in
Ballston Spat. and it year ago when parts of a

 

TV film starring Kristy McNichol were shot in

sixties. it was one of the busiest places in

  

'speclfied. may yet be found for the old

pathy for the bad guy.
Whom are you having us empathize

with?
Oh everybody. There are no villians.

'One understands the mistake they

made. one does. I certainly sympathize
with everybody in the story.
What about with the ghosts?

The way the writer's rewritten the
book. the ghost is the victim. She’s not a
sadistic or evil persona. We've only got
one ghost. She's Eva Galli.

Is the some actress playing in all of her
various incarnations?

No. but i don't want to give the story
away. l want to make it a mystery. Why
are these people frightened? Why are
they dreaming? Why do they have
nightmares" Why are they dying? So
l've made it much more of a mystery. as
well as a horror story . . . much more
interesting way to do it,

[don't know but I can't wait. How long
will it be before you start a new project?
Oh I suppose we'll start in October.

Do you ever take a vacation?

No. Not really. lget bored (Laughs). I
have a low threshold of boredom. Also.
I think if people want me to make films.
arithpeople apparently at the moment
want me to mnlu- films. then I'm happy
to do it. And l'rn very lucky, in five
years time. or two years time. they
might think "Well. get someone else to
do it." Then I'll take a holiday. °

They’ve Been Working
On The Railroad

Saratnga. virtually all of Ghost Story is being
done in the northeast. And apparently all the
snundstage work (including special effects) is
being done at Union Station.

Certainly facilities exist in Hollywood. In
New York. and in director lrvin's native Lon-
don. Yet none of these Is being used.

The reasoning is simple. in many cases.
It's cheaper to build what you need where
you are. than to find it someplace else.

"it just makes economic sense." says lrvin
“And when it makes economic sense. you

 
   

iii-s; ‘ ‘
do it." .

Even with a 15 million dollar Hollywood
budget. you have to watch your expenses.

What this could mean to Union Station
isn't yet clear, The city of Albany has no
definite plans for the building. though the
Office of Public information denies that any
plans to demolish the building exist. New
uses. though what kind haven't been

Albany landmark. Universal has spent a
good deal of their own money on im-
provements. such as new plutnbing. which
will still exist in the structure after the filming
of Ghost Story has been completed.

But in the meantime. it does leave one
with a pleasant feeling. thinking that a grand
old building designed to accomodate people
is living up to its original purpose again. even
if this isn't what the architect eight tenths of a
centuty ago had in mind.

Because Union Station. railslde stop to the
stars. is making them feel at home. again.

 

--n- new

 

.:»uv~..- .N..v....

memes-..» c.

“I... -:u

.  3;. ,.._

