\

 

an 

 

 

» . . O - ’

Abscam Case m Court

NEW YORK (AP) Prosecutors beset by rulings of
government entrapment face their most troublesome
Abscam case today with the trial of Sen. Harrison A.
Williams Jr.. the most powerful politician indicted in
the FBI sting.Wiiliams was one of the ﬁrst to meet with
undercover FBI-agents posing as representatives of
favor-seeking Arab' shelks, but the 61-year-old New
Jersey Democrat'was the last to be indicted.“l will sur-
vice." predicts thc‘22-year Senate veteran whose current
term expires in I982. The sole senator indicted in the
sting maintains he is “totally-innocent.”Prosccutors
face an uncertain task in the courtroom this time since a
federal judge in Philadelphia last year threw out the con-
victions of, two Philadelphia city council members on
grounds of governmental misconduct and entrap-
ment.The convictions were overturned based on the
most controversial Abscam evidence: tapes of a June 28.
1979, session involving the council members and
Williams. The government is appealing the rcvcrsal.Thc
13 'other Abscam convicts are appealing on similar
grounds.Barring success of last-minute maneuvers to
delay the trial before U.S. District Judge George C.
Pratt in Brooklyn, jury scicclioh was slated to begin to-
day from a panel of several hundred people.Tlrc trial is
expected to last up to two months.

Radioactive Rings Sought

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) State Health Department of—
ficials are searching for l930's and 1940's graduates of
seven Buffalo, N.Y.. area high schools, who may be
wearing radioactive class rings or pins. Department
spokeswoman Barbara Thomas-Noble said that» a
statewide screening led to the discovery of about 100
pieces of radioactive gold jewelry. She said 50 of the
rings and pins have been traced to Buffalo high schools,
with 38 believed to be from East Higlt School in Buf-
falo, which is now closchnvcstigators are trying to corr-
tact all graduates of the schools by rising gradrration
programs, yearbooks and microfilm records, Health
Commissioner Dr. David Axelr‘bd said last week. The
graduates are'belng asked to contact their locnl‘hcnltlr
departments for tcstitrg imrnedialcly.Thc radioactivity
can cause rashes and blisters, and several people have
had fingers amputated because of skin cnnccr from
radioactive rings. Health Department officials say the
gold apparently fotrrrd its way into the commercial
market between the early 1930's and 1940’s after be-
ing trscd in gold "seeds" that contuincd radioactive
radon gas for cancer tltcrapy.Dcparlmcnt officials have
said they have been aware of the problem since tltc
l9605, but they did not alert the public until after a
January report by a Buffalo television station called the
attention to the danger. .'

Polish Strike Called on

WARSAW. Poland (AP) independent labor leaders on
Monday called off a nationwide general strike that had
threatened this Soviet bloc nation with its worst crisis irr
months of political and cconotuic strife.Thc decision to
suspend a walkout Tuesday came after nearly seven
hours of talks between Lech Walcsn, leader of the in-
dependent union Solidarity, and Deputy Premier Miec-
zyslaw Rakowski. At issue were several union demands,
especially punishment of those responsible for injuring
three union members in a beating March l9 at
Bydgoszcz, 170 miles nortthst of Wursaw.Tlrc govern-
me‘nt agreed to suspend people responsible for the
beating. Polish television said.“Common sense and
moderation have won," said Walcsa after the talks.
Rakowski had’ warned that a strike , could be
“catastrophic” and bring the nation to “the threshold
of a precipice." Warsaw Pact military maneuvers lutvc
been in progress in and around Poland and reportedly
had been extended because of the situation, Polish,
Soviet and East German troops simulated opposing an
enemy landing Monday along the Polish Baltic coast,
the East German news agency ADN said.

Shuttle to MLMmed

CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) Kennedy Space
Center workers are preparing for a ﬁnal Countdown ten.
tativcly leading to an April [0 launch of American's
trouble-plagued space shuttle Columbia."Wc feel the
10th is a viable launch date," shuttle launch director
George Page said Sunday after an exhaustive physical

 

 

 

 

 

inspection confirmed the success of two critical tests of '

athc system's silo~shaped aluminum fuel tank. The
73-hour launch countdown is set to start at 11:30 pm.
EST this Sunday, Page told reporters at abriefhtgfi‘hc
formal announcement of a launch date is not cxpectcd

until a night readiness review; to be conducted Tuesday -

i

 
    
  
 

I

at :Kennedy Space Center by National Aeronautics and
Space Administration officials.Last week's fueling tests
involved the 154-foot fuel tank. which serves as the
backbone of the shuttle system. The tank is designed to

‘ carry 526,000\ga_llons of super-cold liquid oxygen and
hydrogen that' will fuel the, Columbia’s three main
engines for eight minutes after blastoff.The'tank will be
jettisoned just befbre the shuttle goes into orbit. If all
.goes according to plan, the Columbia itself will glide
back to Earth on wings for a landing at Edwards Air
Force Base in California following its ﬁrst “hour or-
bital flight.But April 9 would be “too optimistic." Page
said. adding he wants to give the launch team-a day off
before the liftoff.

CosmonautMission Ends

MOSCOW (AP) Mongolia's ﬁrst space traveler and his
Soviet commander returned to Earth today after an
eight-day space mission that included a link-up with the
Salyut-6 space station, the ofﬁcial news agency Tass
reported.Thc cosmonauts. Judgcrdcmidiyn Gurragclra,
33, of Mongolia, and Vladimir Dzhanibekov. 38, were
launched into space March 22.Therc was no immediate
word on whether two other cosmonauts launched over
two weeks ago would soon return to Earth. Vladimir
Kovalyonok, 39, and Viklor Savinykh. 4], were launch-
cd March 13 and have been aboard the space station.

0 I I I O
Trlnldad OfficlalDles
PORT-OF-SPAIN, Trinidad (AP) Dr. Eric Williams,
the strong-willed prime minister of Trinidad and
Tobago who led the island nation to independence from
Britain in l962. died Sunday night. the government an-
nounced today. He was 70.President Ellis Clarke said he
named Agriculture Minister George Chambers to suc-
ceed Williams, who died of an undisclosed il-
|rtcss.Williams, who left a teaching post at Howard
University in Washington in the 1950‘s to form the Pen-
pic‘s National Movement that guided the country to in-
dependence, was elected prime minister three times, the
last time in 1976. He had said his current term would be

 

 

.. the last.

 

 

CAMpus Bniefs

Opportunities in Israel

"'i'ltrcc Thousand Ycars of Your History — Take
One For Yourself,“ u rtcw exhibit featuring oppor-
tunities for students and young adults in lsraci, will hc
unvcilctl at SUNYA on Monday. April 6.

The cxltibitiorr, wlticlt includes a full-color graphics
display and an audiovisual program will be at the Cum-
pus (‘cntcr from it a.rn. to 3 p.m.

According to Elrud (inrmot and Moshc lizclinski,
directors of tlrc isrucl Aliyah Centers in this region,
more titan 4,000 students and young adults visit lsrucl
unnttully.nud participate in one of Ihc many programs
offered for academic and /or cultural crrriclrrncttt. These
programs range from study for credit at one of Israel's
uttivcrsitics to working tlrc fields on it kibbutr.

Tire exhibition program will include films, brochures,
discussion ccttlcrs and a collection of tire most up-to-
dtttc irrfortttution on tlrc major programs offered.

Groups to BoycottNes tle

.lSC—Hillcl, thc Gay and Lesbian Alliance and the
Peace Coalition on campus joined the boycott against
Nestle prodttcts this week, according to Infant Formula
Action Coalition (lNFACT) Organizer Scott Sornrncr.

The decisions within each group were unanimous
Sotrrnrcr said. JSC is also planning to send out "Boycott
Nestle" leaflets in their next newsletter. itc addcd."

"All groups which endorse this will work together
with INFACT in ftttrtrc projects," said Somrucrs. “Wc

are a coalition and we pull ortr strength front the groups

which endorse."

According to an lNFACT rclcusc, Ihc boycott has
lrccrr waged due to Nestlc's unethical promotion of irr-
t'ant formulas in the third world.

Nuclear Forum Planned

The Coalition Against Nukes (CAN) and thc SUNYA
Pcucc Project are sponsoring a forum titlcd "Nuclear
Weapons and their (.‘otrscqucnces" tomorrow in Lec-
trrrc Center 20.

Tire panel will lrrclttdc t'ornrcr Congressman .lolrn
Dow, chsselacr Polytechnic institute (Rl’l) l’rot‘csor
Hill Huntington. and forrttcr staff director for the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission Professor V. Luurcncc

Parscgaln.
The forrrrn will begin at 8:0) p.m.

 

‘ ’ W-Stomﬂiiachedlet

BANGKOK, Thalland (AP) Thai troops on Tuesday at-
tacked a hijacked lndonesian jetliner parked on an air-
port runway here with 55 hostages and five armed hi-
jackers aboard, witnesses said. it was not immediately
known if anyone was hurt. Hours earlier the Thai
government announced Indonesia had agreed to f rce 30
political prisoners as demanded by the hijackers who
seized the plane in Indonesia Saturday and diverted it
here. The soldiers put ladders up against fuselage and
climbed to the wings. witnesses said. Short 'bursts of
machine gun fire was heard as two doors were forced
open. No activity could be seen inside the aircraft as all
but one of the soldiers entered. Witnesses said the
troops marched slowly in two lines, carrying four lad-
ders, across a grassy area toward the Indonesian Air-
ways DC-9, which has been parked at Bangkok's airport
for three days. The attack came a little more than three
hours before a 6 am. deadline by which lndonesian of-
ficials had agreed to make the exchange.

Panther Decision Upheld

WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court cleared the
way Monday for California authorities to imprison
Black Panther Party founder Huey Newton on his 1978
conviction fOr gun possession, even though the charge
hinged on an earlier case which was overturned.Tlrc
justices refused to disturb the Oakland decision, irr
which Newton was sentenced to serve two years for
violating a state law barring the possession of guns by
convicted felons.They turned away without comment
Newton's argument that since his former conviction, on
a 1964 assault charge. had been reversed, ire had no
reason to believe ire was violating the gun law.Stntc
Deputy Attorney General Clifford Thompson Jr. in San
Francisco said there is a possibility that Newton will be
pill on two years probation instead of being sent to
prison. That will be up to the state trial judge, Joseph
Karcslr. The California courts held that just because a
conviction is thrown out, that does not necessarily ab-
solve a defendant of the facts in a felony case.

 

 

A id Forms are Due Soon

Financial aid applications for 1981-82 for bollr return-
ing undergraduate and graduate students must be receiv-
cd in the Office of Financial Aid by April 24. l98l.

To be eligible, all students are required to frie,the
Financial Aid Form (FAF) with the College Scholarship
Service in Princeton. NJ. All students are rcquircd to
file the SUNYA-financial aid application and a copy of
their parent's federal income tax rctttrtt (iRS 1040) for
l980. The SUNYA aid application atrd forrtr l040 go
directly to the Office of Financial Aid, Administration
ittriiding, ropm 152.

All students, including those enrolled in thc Educa-
tional Opportttrritics Program (EOP) are required to file
the PAP.

Application fortns and FAF‘s are available in thc Of-
fice of Financial Aid.

Run For this Weekend

On Sunday, April Stir. the Albany Jewish Cornrrrrrnity
Center, located at 340 Whitehall Road, will host a
10,000 Mctcr Rrrn set for 10a.m. Preceding this event. a
3,000 Meter Famin Run for Ftrtt is scheduled for 9:30
n.rtt. Both events are open to the public and persons in-
terested in prc-rcgistcring should contact Jay Baron.
Physical Education Director at 438-6651. Awards will bc
presented, compliments of Al Smith's Sporting Goods.

Education Center Opens

A new research center has been established at SUNYA
designed to address fundamental issues facing education
today.

Affiliated with the University‘s Sclrooi of Education,
the Center for Educational Re5cnrch and Policy Studies
has a staff of six professionals headed by former Nu-
tittnnl Scicncc Foundation official Linda ingisorr.

Tltc thrust of the center‘s initial research cfforts irr-
voivcs concerns common to New York State and tire na-
tiotr its a whole. Among the questions to be addressed
are: how will tltc cost of education be financed itt tltc
cornlrrg dccndcs. what is the role of educational instit.
lions in preparing individuals for future occupations
and retraining those whose skills have bccorrrc obsolete.
and how can instruction bc itrtcgrntcd with technological
advances to uclticvc maximum benefit for teachers and
students.

“As we look ahead, these issues are at the forefront of
concct‘tts for both educators and policy makers" said
Albany Dean of Education Robert Koff. '

“We hope that by dcvotitrg titttc trttd talent to address
these questions we can make a substantial contribution
to ongoing efforts to improve equity and efficiency in
education," Kol‘f said.

 

 

March 31, 1981

SA Election Guidelines Set

by Judie Eisenbprg

New rcgttlations limiting the
amounts and types of campaign
materials allowed in the upcomirtg
SA elections were passed last week
by Central Council, according to
Election Commissioner Mickey
Tarpinian.

Strict limitations were placed
upon posters and flych becausc of
the abundance and subsequent cost
to the candidates itt past elections,
Tarpirtian said. "it almost got to
the point where ‘nroncy could dctcr-
tnirrc who won the election."

Hc added that he would like to
see people this year voting not for
whichever rratrrc they see rtrost, but
for witorttcvcr mostdcscrvcd the
position.

Central Council now requires
that flych may only be purchased at
Draper Hall, the SA Contact Of-
ficc, or at Rapid-Copy in the Ad-
ministration Building, so that Tar-
pirriurr can keep track of tltc number

   

SUNYA Affirmative Action Officer Gloria DcSolc

.
of posters printed. Each candidate
is litnitcd to 2,500 l‘lycrs and. in tire
case of a run-off, an additional
2,000. .

Also, said Tarpinian, only two
professional mastercopies are per-
trtittcd per candidate; thus, no more
than two different types of posters
can be printed. However, he added
ire would not prevent airy candidate
from making any number of posters
by hand.

"if someone doesn't comply with
this poster policy he could be dis-
qualified," Tttrpirriarr warned.

Other regulations confined L'iltli-
puigrring on Ihc quads to tire dorms
and outdoor areas —— specifically
banning campaigning in the nrca
frorn the flag rooms to thc
cafeterias — and proiribitcti posters
or arty otitcr type of crttnpuiging
front pollirtg places.

Tarpittirm explained tirc polling
areas were in the flag rooms on the
trptowrr Quads, Walden cufclct‘in.

 

 

 

ptmtn: Rttunnr Krrlnltntt

S/it' \tlitl tl sexual preference clause WON/(I'll 'I tffft‘t‘l ﬂltvt‘rlllllt'lll /)t‘lltffil.\.

 

v Albany Student Press

and the Campus Center. Students
are asked to vote on the quads on
which they will be living next year.
and off-campus and alumni are rc-‘r
quested to vote in the Campus
Center.

Both paper ballets and voting
machines will be trscd this year, said
Tarpinian. Scnatc members and
class ycar representatives will be
chosen by ballot, whilc SA Presi-
dent. SA Vicc i’rcsiticnt? SASU
delegates and University Council
will bc_clcctcd via Inaclrirtc. Turpi-
uian said that students would rtot bc
allowed to vote on the rttnchirrcs
\vithout valid identification and a
student tax card.

The clcctions arc scheduled to he
ltcld April 22. 23 and 24.

Also on the voting ntrtchincs this
year urc thrce rcfcrcrrdums, Tiltpi»
ninn said. One is to determine
\vlrcthcr SA fees should be mun-
dtttory or voluntary for the student
body; unotltcr dctcrntirrcs SASU

Election Commissioner Mickey 1'arpinlan

nhrrtnr Dave Asher

Hr' .rul'l/ Irv [/Ut'.\'li '/ want people voting for the name reel! must.

ducs; Ihc tltird dctcrrttincs NYPIRG
titres.

NYI’lRG‘s SUNYA branch
(‘Itair Lisa Sclrwurt/ explained tlrnt
Ihc rcfctcnduttt will determine
NYi’lRG's rate of futrdirtg.
Sclrwttrtl said NYPIRG needs 20

percent SUNYA voter turnout or
they will no longer be able to
operate on campus. ltr addition. a
majority of the yotcrs rntrst support
NYPiRG or the SUNYA chapter
will be abolished.

continual on page thirteen

Affirmative Action Up For Vote

by Mindy Suftlirr

(‘cntrrtl council will votc chncsv
day on a proposed strrdctrt nssocitt»
liort affirmative action policy, ric-
cordirtg to SA Vice President lit'itllt
Levy.

'l‘lrc tti'l'ittitutivc uclion policy,
which was written itt Wilt), hurl trot
ltccn previously brought to n votc
due to controversy over whether
guys and lcsbimrs should be includ-
ed as a minority tutti therefore listed
in the policy. l.cvy said.

SA's proposed affirmative action
poitcy, which was nrodcicd ul‘tct‘ tltc

-ttttivcr'sily policy, would apply to

SA and all SA groups. The
rttinor'itics irtcludcd in the policy are
those dcl'incd by the federal govcr rt-
rtrcrtt.

 

'i‘lrc uttivt' ‘ y Affirmative Atx
tiott Office is gttidcd by stulc ttttd
l'cdctttl regulations. SA policy, if
pusxcd, would be indcpcttticttt of
the univctsily office. According to
l.cvy, rrl'firrttrttivc action protects
various minorities from discrimina-
tion.

(irry illiti i . iztn Allirutcc Presi-
.lcttt Mikc Mcl’u.. in said “this is a
real opportunity to show how dif-
l‘ctcnt studcnt concerns can bc

tnkcu together for guy and lesbian.

rights." He also feels thut’
“students should support each
other more, :md that issttcs’ of
tiisctitttirttttion should be unchrsity
concerns, rrnt Illl isolated concern."
SAN Mirrorin Al'l'uirs Task
Force, (MA'l'l') cltuir' l.cvut‘k (iutd-

rtct said there is “Ito ncctl for affir-
tntttivc rtctiorr if yott include gays."
ilc cluinrcd that thc MATF does not
opposc gay rights, brrt l'ccls tlrrtt af-
t'lrmtttivc action should only apply
to race, color, religion, disability,
and sex, (iurdncr also said that
sirrcc tltc federal govctnrrtcrtt docs
rtol ntcludc sexual preference irr

thcir grr .lclirrcs, SA should ,not _

citlrcr. _ ,, I
According to ~~Afflrmative .Ac-
,t'ntn ()1'1'lccr..¢,‘rltgr,lo .DcSolc. ,thc ln-
clusion of at t‘lttusc in SA's affir-
tnutivc action policy will not jeopar-
di/c government funding and
benefits given to tltc university of-
ficc.
Although guys are not iistcd as a
continued on page seven

Aid Application Freeze May Cause Problems

WASHINGTON. i).C. (CPS) —
Tire Rcagan administration's
45-day freeze on processing applica-
tions for federal financial aid has
virtually paralyzed most college stu-
dent aid offices, but promises to
cause even more problems for
students drrrirtg tltc summcr, accor-
ding to various aid officers.

Tltcy predict students, when they
are informed of how nruclr nid
they'll be gcttirtg for the l9iil-82
academic year, will probrrbly he get-
tirtg rtruclr less than they ltad arr-
ticipatcd. Because of the delay carts-
cd by tltc freeze, however, students
may not hear until the summer,
when they may not have enough
time beforc the start of fall term to
scrape together rtroncy from other
sources.

As a result, some administrators
expect there rrrny be an exodus rtcxl
full of students front private col-
Icgcs to less expensive public coi-
lcgcs.

Tltc uncertainty prevalent in most
financial aid oi'ficcs since l’residcrrt
Rcugan proposcd tnttssivc cuts irr
student aid progrutits-including Pcli
(irttrrts (formerly linsic liducntiortul
Opportunity Grants). (iuur'ttnlccd
Student Loans, and Nationrtl Direct
Student Loturs‘wus replaced by it
more urgent, frustrated ntttrospltcrc
last wcck when Secretary of [Educa-
tion 'l‘crrcl licll nrtrtottrtccd the
freeze.

licll said the government would
process no rrtorc Pcli Grant applica-

tions until Congrch acted on his
proposals to change tltc eligibility
rcquircmcnts for the grants.

But because Pcli Grunts help
dctcrrttirtc wirat otltcr kinds of
finatrcirrl rtid students cart get, the
freeze has cffcclivcly stopped tltc
awarding of all fcdcrzrl uid during
this, tltc busiest time for assembling
aid “packages,” says Dallas Martin
of the National Association of Stu-
dent Financial Aid Administrators.

Colleges are adopting two dif-
ferent strategies to cope with the
cnrcrgcncy. One is to wait until it‘s
settled. Tire other is to, as orrc ud-
rninistrator prrt it, “go tlrrotrglt the
motions." Both, aid administrators
say, do little ntorc tltarr delay the ef-
fects of the freeze until the summer.

"Going through tltc motions"
allows aid offices to corttinuc to
construct nid packagcs for studcnts
even though thc packages will pro-
bably fall apart dttritrg the summer,
suys .loannc Ebcrlc, trid officer at
i.clriglr University. Until the slim-
mcr, all anyone can do is wait, she
says.

“We can't do much now in the
way ofcslimntirrg awards or projec-
ting effects on cnroilrttcnt," ugrccs
Nornrun licck, director of liall State
University‘s aid office. "lint we'll
be pushed irtto ltiglr gear over the
summer. between processing
awards attd talking on the plrotrc to
students and parents who are wor-
ricd tlrcy won't get enough money
to go to school in the full."

W:an'wtmmiwm

heck says the time between a stu-
dcrtt rtpplyirtg for aid and gcttittg
the aid can normally strctclt to three
or four months.

A school scrccns aid applications
irt Intc winter, forwards the stir-
vivors to the federal government for

review, and finally hears of the fate .

of each application irt March, April
and Mrry, Beck explains. Tirctt his
office scrambles to complete the aid
package with rrrorrcy from other
sources. Tire strident usually hears
about the final package irt late May
or early thrtc.

But this year, most students
won't learn their fates until just a
few weeks before llre beginning of
fall tcrrtr. For those students who
receive less from the govcrrtmcnt
than requested-arid many students
will get less if the president‘s bttdgct
cuts are approved-those last few
weeks will be nothing less than

' "havoc" us tlrcy try to find the rest

of thc rnotrcy they need in tirtrc,
Ebcrlc sttys.

Nevertheless some schools prefer
“going through the regular Ino-
tiorrs" to “sitting irt a holding pat-
tern," notes University of Virginia
associutc aid director Jutucs
Runscy. Tints his school is forging
alrcud assembling ttid packages just
as it did in March of last year. The
difference is tittli this year the
packages are temporary, he says.

He expects he'll “have to go back
to the drawing board" when the
government belatedly announces its

aid awards in the summer.

“Right not we‘re sending letters
on the assumption that students will
receive the full amount requested
from the government," Ramsey
notcs. “lint \vc‘rc adding a warning
that these projections are only tcm-
pointy."

MOI'L'OVL'T, Rumscy adds that for
the first tirttc lrc cart remember UV
is offering students "two or three
hundred dollars less than they
need.“

i-ic worries that bills for tuition
rttny arrive before aid packages can
be revamped in thc summer. and
that “this is going to cause a lot of
hassles for students who panic that
they can't pay the bills."

()tltcr administrators don't see
much reason to go through the rno~
lions. At the University of
Washington, uid officer Catherine
Dyson avers, “We can‘t decide how
to deal with it urttil summer. We
can't recruit actively because we
can‘t offer potential students
money."

Adds the University of Wyom-
ing's Delbert Smith, “Wc'rc in n
iroidittg ptttlcrtt. We can‘t even
judge next fall's enrollment."

To ease studcnls' worries, tnarry
schools rtre devising temporary loan
plans speciﬁcally tailored to help
meet the first tuition bill of the full.
Virginia's Ramsey notes his/school
has a good reputation for "covering
such immediate needs." and is sure

he can uphold the reputation as
long as students repay the loans
within a few months.

Beck says Ball State has ttlrendy
begun it plan to provide tcrnpornry
firrarrcirtg to students, which means
"thcrc'll be a problem in caslr flow.
obviously at a cost to the institu-
tion. But We have to do it," be con-
cludcs.

None of the aid officch con-
tacted for _tltis ttriiclc by College
Press Service. however. had tnuclr
hope of making up all the money
lost if the Reagan cutbacks arc ap-
proved.

“Thcrc simply aren't enough
university funds to make up the dif-
ference," Eberic says, voicing a
common lament. Shc adds that
sclrools’ top priority will be to pro-
vidc for currently-enrolled students,
usually with temporary loans.

If a two-month loan isn't suffi-
cient, “students are‘golng to have
to rtrnke fast dccisiotts about staying
irerc or withdrawing" she mourns.

erilc that may sound harsh. Ball
Statc's Beck predicts a large
rnrrnbcr of students at private
schools like Lcltigh arc goirtg to
have to contemplate transferring to
less expensive public colleges. Corr-
sidcrirrg the squeeze on Students
frortt rising tuitiorrs and shrinking
aid. Washington's Dyson calls the
migration to state schools
“inevitable.”

   
    

 

