 

WWW“... .

  
   

<' vm'lm mm-rrrrsm-m-

Mcuaweme... cw .

i

i.
i

‘UV‘MHuILWmQx! 4..

 

.‘J«",-rIe-tv‘lullls

...e-rvrr-.r'r‘.'r.r l..’r\.i.r.V.‘

 

 

 

IllilI-(l'iv'itlsli«xi».t‘rblzv'afurcwlI-L y ~rr-tajt; a irrirr.-"-1»'*"’ ‘2
3:. ‘Vléii‘ _ _>_ ‘H I “h. ' _ _ .,l.s--r-‘i et""“"
I h ‘ A a. d Aptii28.1931
Pae6 . r onTuea ay
9 ‘—

 

liiilnts '
'l'he lle‘vr, The Old, And The Dead

The Grateful Dead .
Reckoning
Arlsta

peaking of great bands. The
t? Grateful Dead have just released a

new album. i know this is already
old news and most of you are impatiently
waiting for the next one. but Reckoning is
worth wrltln about now.

Doug Wolf .

The album is a two record set recorded
live at Radio City Music Hall In New York Ci-
ty and The Warfield Theater In San Fran-
cisco. The album Is a definitive description of
the “Acoustic Dead."

When l‘ first heard the album i didn't
believe it was a live recording. The music is
as crisp and as perfect as anything done by
The Dead In the studio. and probably a little
bit better as The Dead is a better "live" band

than a "studio" one.

i can't say there are any really outstanding
songs on the album, but all of them are solid.
A true Dead Head may disagree. but they're

laitaLEesLer

 

 

kind of biased.

Reckoning Is an album better suited to
those people who know just a little Dead and
would like just one album to get to know
them better.

Stones
Sucking in the Seventies
Rolling Stones Records

he Rolling Stones. The Stones.
(7 The Best Rock ‘n' Roll Band lti the

World. Anybody want to argue?
Forget it! So now The Stones put out an
album called Sucking In The Seventies. Most
obviously an album released to give the band
time to work between albums. Very in~

teresting rtame though. Almost making a'

joke about all the people who said they were
dead. What The Stones have assembled
here shows conclusiver that they are
anything but dead. And they definitely did
not “suck” in the Seventies. Maybe a slight
change in style. but still great Rock ‘n' Roll.

The album consists of ten songs including
a live version of “When the Whip Comes
Down” and twu previously unreleased songs

—— “if i Was A Dancer (Dance part 2)" and
“Everything is Turning To Gold.’ a song that
was released as the flip side to a single. The
rest of the songs have been previously
released. '

Okay. so maybe they didnt have to put
this one out. but hell they're still The Stones.
the best. and Sucking In The Seventies iS an
album to have.

    

Garland Jeffreys
Escape Artist
Epic

know l'm Supposed in know
something about musit. being
' sound editor and all that. but lliad

honestly "never heard of Garland Jeffrey.
before his newest album. fzsmpu AH,“
came into the ASP office one tlii\.‘

Well. i took the album liiiiiir' lvti .r lixiim
and instantly became a tan Isirli rrurilt rim.
know what Jeffreys' older stuff i. iii... rm.
this album is very good

.Jefireys has sortie very lair-nun: .rnri \er
respected musicians front tint itnrlh Jim
and Reggae worlds working with turn on ih-.
album. included are the Brmlw: limit."
Lou Reed and Linton Ku'usr .lnirnsn. rr.
name but a few. Members of llii' lirrnr ....
and the F. Street Band also iiiillt'ui

The album's direction i». mu...
danceable rock and reggae .rnd Jun“...
succeeds with just about every sting iii”...
the opening number. “Morlr-rrr trims" .r
hot rocker to "Miami Beach." .r r.rri.ii i‘itiii
nientat'y. Jeffreys covers a \K‘llli‘ triltgt' o:
topics. while providing musir that is lirriEi
crisp arid tight.

\‘t'l '.

Bellies, Bangles, Antl Beads

ihnlc dancing is at once exotic and

g ordinary. li‘is colorful. theatrical.
often lavishly costumed and set to

music that's alien to western ears. but it is
rooted in recognizable every day activities
that draw people together. it‘s the most com—
munal of dance genres; we respond to iLout
of a deep social need for continuity with a
lost past as well as with aesthetic pleasure in

Anne Johnstone

the movements and Costumes. Like circus.
church service or party. ethnic dancing relies
on its audience * we're invited to do more
than watch. Several times during the “Yallah
Dance Ensemble" '5 Saturday performance
of North African and Middle Eastern folk
dances. the audience joined in with hand
clapping and foot tapping. The atmosphere
in the well-filled Egg recital hall was en-
thusiastic; and the dancers performed with
energy worthy of their name (“Yallah" ls
Arabic for "let's go"). None of the members
of this young (created in 1978) local com~
pany is a native Mlddle-Easterner. and most
are recent students of the dance styles they
present. but they put on a spirited and good

 

 

humored show. There was a homey.
sociable feel to this production. ,tiiled
“Mid-Eastern Odyssey" — a genial matronly
"narrator" described each dance
beforehand. enlisting our support like a con-
scientious hostess.

it wasn't art evening of slick profes»
sionalism.

The show opened with a Ghawazee

i ll” 

   
 

dance. aimed at capturing the circus-like
vitality of a 19th century Egyptian village
bazaar. A tumbler and two jugglers put in
short appearances. and then three of the
company's four lead dancers — “Saja”
(Susan Schultz. the company's director).
"Shashona" (Sue Ellen Press). and "Sellma"
(Mary Beiian) — rose. undulated. and circl-

    

ed to wailing Egyptian flute and string music.
Sashes wrtrn beneath the waists of their
shiny. striped. tightly bodiced dresses accen-
tuated their swinging hips. and sparkling
necklaces and bracelets picked up arid threw
off light. The dancers accompanied
themselves with metal finger cymbals. or
(which are the size and shape of
castanets but make silvery, tambourine-like
. . I

sounds). and now and then they made
throaty bird-like calls. Like the mood of the
bazaar. the dancing alternated frenzy with
languor.

This high spirited ensemble dance was
followed by a solo performance of the
“Kashllmar.” As a Turkish charmer in hip-
hugging skirts. a tight stomach-baring

maroon vest and scarf draped lw "lirtirrn'
(Janet Alber) sashayed and i-rrrlrni in .r 
copated 9/8 beat. (Try fappliui rim: triii‘ t'i'
— l don't know how. but \lti' Illiiii‘ ii i »
flowing).

The show's most compelling purlnrrnrrarr
came last. in “Saba” 's druntrtttirtlly iii and
sensuously executed Belly l)flilt l’ 'l'lrtssulin
cabaret number. familiar to tr» lit/Iii
nightclubs and Greek restaurant». li:t’~llr\‘
dancer's body in a way tlrrrt's surlrrrur‘
through space; the dancer
energy on undulating her bare strrnrrrdr .rnrl
Slilmmylng hips arid shoulders Anti lit'trilisr'
energy is St) focused on movement Within
the body ~— hips. stomach. arms. lru.trl.nrrrl
not movement through space. it's t‘riiiipiL’SS'
ed and so intensified. The gyralliriis nirrrlrrs
and torso are provocative. but the sexual
suggestion Is no more important lliiili tire
Elegant. flowing. raising and lowering of
arms. Saja worked these effects gracefully —
and unlike a Cairo belly dancer i once saw
who gyrafEd with what looked like orgasmic
intensity. but kept a cold. stony face. Sala
smiled and relaxed in her performance. With
her able direction. It seems likely this com
pany will grow in strengtlt and control

fr Ii use: litll

Give This Man A Telethon

ardiy Working ls such a stupid. in-

fantile, worthless waste of celluloid

that l Would love to be able to
dismiss it with a single sentence and forget i
ever sat through it. However, realizing that
readers of the ASP demand more than glib.
surface dismissals. l resist that tern tation.

Mark Bossier

The plot centers around a clown who
loses his job when the circus he works for is
shut down (and with clowns like this one It's
no wonder). The clown. played by none
other than Jerry Lewis. must then try and
find work in the "real" world. The rest of the
movie grippingly chronicles his most unsuc-
cessful attempts at keeping a Job (though he
gets them with remarkable ease). This com-
plex story-line would no doubt be dull as a
half hour sit-com. but here it goes on for
three times that length without even the
benefit of commercial interruptions . . . well.
not really.

There are. reﬂecting back. several rather
blatant commercials inserted directly into the
movie. Everyone seems to drink nothing but

 

 

  

7-Up and they all drive by Seven-Eleven

stores. Lewis' most obvious little advertise-

ment. however. comes when a woman of-

fers our hero a beer. He accets. and sud-
v «

     

enly out of her driveway ce
Budweiser Clydesdales pulling a beer
wagon. Lewis makes no attempt to hide
what he's .doing since none of this free
publicity serves any useful function to the
movie; they are merely put in as free adver-
tising. Maybe these companies helped to

 

finance the film. but i doubt It. More likely
this is Lewis' not so subtle way of thanking
them for their large contributions to his an-
nual Dystrophy telethon.

i doubt 7~Up (Coca-Cola). Seven-Eleven.
and Budweiser put money irtto this turkey
because it has all the technical polish of a
porno film being directed by a first timer. if
these companies had paid for their plugs i
assume Director Lewis Would have been able
to afford sets that didn't look quite so cheesy.
or cameras with better than Beta-Max quali-
ty. or a cinematographer who wasn't blind.
in all fairness. the director of photography
may not have been blind when shooting
started. it could have happened during the
filming due to excessive exposure to the glar-
ingly bright lights.

The lights could also be the explanation
for another of the film's flaws. i thought the
acting by such superstar talents as Harold J.
Stone and Land olthe Giants starlet Deanna
Lund was bad. but now i realize that the
lighting problem must have made it impossi-
ble for them to read the cue cards. Not that
they had an Immense amount of dialogue to

remember -— after all Jerry. like Chaplin and

Keaton. is essentially a visual t‘niiii’tllriii

There. though. all coritparisrrrn i’iltl ~ at

least in my mind if not in Lewis” Wirurcrn
Chaplin and Keaton spent inni‘ \t'lllllll “l’
Sly. Clever jokes that just litliiiii'ili’il in N
Visual. Lewis is so rtrnr'tteurrslr ilirii ‘rr‘ irilv"
the cheap. predictable pnrtlrill 
he's at a loss for .mytlring .r littl-
original. winch is almost rtltt‘rll.“

Hardly Working ts rt filirt nt.rriw it“. -|
desperate ntrtn Lewis has rlrrnn in'llrlll'l
besides the MD teletlrrrn for tililli' .r lr'u min
now. He ltarlly wants to tcgrtm tln‘ illitli. lit:
had in the late-Fifties rillil r'rtrlu Sixtrr‘w llliul
it sad when almost any Sltll stunted“ Willi
lousy material to try and get lhli i: into ilii‘
llmellglrt. but not Ltlulis | atrium. ir-ir rlr.tt.
considering he has absolutely no lrili'lii wltdl
soever. he was working on borrowed iiiiit'
He should consider himself lucky fliiif tlrr‘
public didn't grow tired of ltirn a ltil sooner
than they did.

Hopefully. Hardly Working will ptil an
End to Jerry Lewis' career. If he insists on In
lllcilng himself on the American public. let ll
be in one large close during the Labor Day
Weekend. At least there he does some good.

liilit‘

liirri-

' hr” 28. 1931

 

. wt.».n.......,.... t .‘

 

 

 

EAQMan

Aspects on T ‘

 

 

Page 2"

Bennett Moves In 'l'wo Directions

nother rehearsal. another
cigarette. Director Peter Bennett
leans forward in his seat to watch

as the stage manager yells. “Places for ‘Bless
the Lurch "Without him. the director. faced
with what he calls an “incredibly busy
schedule." might have taken a few minutes
to figure out where he is.

Lisa Avery Michael

Bennett provides a bit of finals week iri-
spiration. as he juggles the twin tasks of
directing both a revival of Godspeii. and the
world premiere of The First Bare/out
Dancer. SUNYA professor Albert Weiner's
recreation of two days in the life of modern
dance pioneer lsadora Duncan. Godspell
opens tonight at the PAC. and Dancer
previews May 5 before a five week run at
New York's Wnnderhoi'se Theatre.

The 44-year-old professional director
front New York City has directed over 40
productions during his career. Bennett has
won “Best Director" awards for the Passion
rr/ Dracula. which ran itt New York for 22
months; Steamboth at the George Siieei
Playhouse In New Jersey; and The Boys iii
the Baird. which Won five awards in a New
York State Festival competition.

Besides directing such musicals as New
Girl in Town. You're a Good Man Charlie
Brown. and Three Penny Opera. he has
acted and sung in over EU musicals. His last
stage singing was twrt and a half years ago in
the New York City prririutinn of Cowboy
Jack Street by Joan Tewksbury. who also
wrote Nashville.

Bennett has directed some well-known
performers ~ Kim l‘luntger. Celeste Holm.
and Jose Greco among them.

One might Wonder what could lure a suc-
cessful director away from the city to work
with students in Albany.

But the transition is not so unlikely for
Bennett. who claims Albany as his
hometown. He grew up here. went in local
schools. and received his i3./\. and MA.

End Cr dits

f you haven't seen if by now.

you've missed your chance for
....

God only knows how long lhe

force will be wiilr you for two weeks only
was the catch phrase that packed them in —

 

again.

Jim Dixon

You see. strange as it seems to think of it.
Star Wars is almost four years old. and so
meone at 20th Century Fox must have
woken up to the fact that the country is
crawling with a whole new generation of kids
who have grown up literally with Star Wars
toys and dolls. bedspreads. wallpaper.
underwear, drinking glasses. iunchboxes.
comic books and wristwalclies. and yet
haven't seen the movie that started if all.

Last Monday afternoon my kid brother
[ilitl i went to SL’A' tl iiitilllllfl' til Star Wars.
and tinted that aside from bored-looking
parents. we rtppurtrurl to lil’ about the only
In the audience over the age of
it seemed oild. remembering Siiitiir
summer of '77 when

 

people
twelve
day nights during the
college crowds llitt'ti up around the block
Star» Wars wasn't the ilil’it‘litilitllﬁliig
pin-nonwrnrn if is now For my brother and
I. this was ti nirs‘irtlgirt ittp Very possibly we
were flii' only perrpli- itt the limit] who
weren't seeing what is now the highest
grossing filiti (lirnr~hurulrod million dollars
worldwide) vvet fill the first time

20th Century Fox and Lucaslilm would
probably rather i not call it Star Wars
anymore. though. Technically. Star Wars Is
a title encompr‘issing a projected group of
films to be packaged much like the old niovte
serials producer George Lucas is so fond of.
The most popular film iii the world is really
titled Episode N: A New Hope. The public

right here at SUNY Albany. He directed his
first play. The Boyfriend. at SUNYA as an
undergraduate.

Bennett opted to be interviewed over a
cup of coffee in the Campus Center. His
easy-going manner was reflected in his
casual dress of plalii flannel shirt and jeans.
He is a soft-spoken man. with piercing blue-
green eyes and wavy brown hair peppered
with gray. As he spoke. he smiled often with
a boyish gritt.

Bennett traced the zig-zagged path of his
theater career. and talked about Godspeii
and his residency on campus.

  

After gtttdtmtlng from SUNY in 195‘).
Bennett went to New York to pursue acting
and directing. but had to take a job teaching
English to will] a livtng. His school contract
kept lilllt from taking full~time Work in the
theater. Still. he managed to get his equity
card doing musicals iii the sutttiner and
showcases iii the evening.

“After I taught for three of four years. it felt
like a dead end to me." Bennett said
Although his teaching job paid the bills. it
was difficult to look for acting arid directing
jobs at the some time.

So he decided to return to SUNY for a
masters degree in psychology irt 1967. He
worked as a psychologist at SUNY-Ft'edonia
until 1974. "it was a good career — I really
enjoyed it." he said. ‘l wanted to get away
front the theater for a while and build up a
nest egg. But I knew l'd go back to it."

relations people want us to think that this
was always Lucas‘s plan. in any event. prints
of Star Wars now start in much the way that
the immensely successful sequel Episode V:
The Empire Strikes Back does. wiilt an
episode number placing us somewhere in
the middle of a series. This fall. production is
slated to begin on Episodr‘ Vi: Tile Jedi's
Revenge.

Personally. though. i don't really care
what they call them. or whether the present
marketing strategy is part of a master plan
known for years. as long as they keep mak-
ing them.

Star Wars wasn't made for the science fic-
tion fanatics who have claimed it as their do-
tnain. Star Wars is an exercise in pure
cinema. made by an excellent young filmv
maker who is part of the new generation of
directors and writers who have grown up
with the movies in a way that earlier genera—
tions didn't. They grow mto a tradition com-
pletely free of the stage # free even of the
novel. They grow up on film. Every frame of
Star Wars reflects the exuberance of the
cineaste. and the plot and treatment are full
of Hollywooth most revered traditions.

When it opened. 1 was a little Surprised
that it went over so well. it seemed an almost
arty. self-indulgent sort of movie to make ~
an expensive homage to the movies that
George Lucas loved as a kid *
swashbucklers. westerns and war movies —
Francois Truffaut out of Flash Gordon.

if the intent wasn‘t obvious to the mass au-
dience. the freshness and energy was. Fran—
cis Ford Coppola says that George Lucas has
“a bank called Star Wars," and the man who
saw his script rejected all over Hollywood
found that people were begging for the se-
quel he left the door open for.

it's a rule that sequels cost more to make.

   

And return he did. in 1975 Bennett left
psychology behind to go back to New York.
Bennett said he was very fortunate to get
work iii the theater almost immediately.

“I've been making up for a delayed start."
he said. and has been working fairly con-
sistently ever since.

Bennett said he received offers for both
acting and directing. but because of conflicts
irt time commitments. he eventually had to
choose one or the other. He decided to con-
centrate on directing. but added. "1 inlss ac-
ting arid would like to do it from time to time.
I think it's good for me as a director."

 

“My approach is to ve
students a lot of art stic
freedom . . . One thng I
hope they learn from do-
ing Godspe" Is the self-
disci line to use this

free om constructively."

 

i’iioirt Will Yutnton

Word of his Work in New' York reached
Dr Albert Asetmely. Chairman of SUNY/Y5
Theater Department. Bennett said he was in
viled here it year ago to direct ffndgmnt- Iii
Spiirtg Wilt). He also lituglit a combined
actingrditeciing workshop. Last semester lie
was on campus to conduct a graduate
course in directing.

(iodspell. a musical adaptation of the
Gospel Aicording to St. Matthew. marks an
innovation at SUNYA. it will be the first time
a paint musical had been produced here.
according to Bennett.

Why was Godspell chosen as §QNYN5
first musical?

Bennett explained that they needed
something that would work here. “The
choice of Godspell was based on the kind of
talent available. We couldn't do a big splashy

aren't as good. and aren't as successful at the
box office But Luke Skywalker. Princess
Leia. Han Solo. Chewbacca and even Darth
Vader are national heroes. The Dallas syti~
clrome is in effect and people want to know
what happens next.

For example. l'd been having running
arguments with various friends of mine for
two years over whether Leia was going to fall
in love with Luke or Han. l'd been a strong
backer of Luke‘s. and was more than a little
chagrined — though delightfully surprised —
when she told Han she loved him just before
Vader had him lowered into the carbon-
freezing chamber. l was right that Lucas

would feel compelled to introduce a major
black character. and that Obi-Wan Would
appear in Empire whether he Was dead or
not.

Right now l'm embroiled in a new set of
arguments. What to me seems a surprising
number of people feel sure that Darth Vader
is lying about being Luke's father. and none

musical with a lot of dancing. because we
weren't sure we had dancers. Besides.” he
said. “Godspeil has always been very
popular with students."

Bennett said that he is "delighted with the
casting" that features twelve students.
“Godspell was a good choice." he said.

Bennett is using an original concept to
stage the musical as a circus. He said it is
given in the script that the actors appear as
clowns. but the original set was intended as a
vague urban area. “i thought that was very
boring." he said.

The main stage in the Performing Arts
Center will become an actual circus ring. '
thirty six feet in diameter. for this production.
Bleachers will be on stage around the ring for
some of the audience seating. to simulate a
real circus atmosphere. Juggling. tumbling.
and acrobatics will add to the lively numbers
that deal with some of the teachings of
Jesus.

Bennett talked about the difference bet-
ween directing students and directing profes-
sionals.

He said that beyond the obvious level of
skills. students are more likely to expect to be
led. Willi professionals. it is a cooperative
process. with a great amount of input from
the actors. Since the first rehearsals of
Godspeii he has encouraged avid participa-
iiori from the students.

“My approach is to give students a lot of
artistic freedom for contributions. One iltingl
hope they learn from doing Godspell is the
self-discipline to use tltls freedom construc-
tively." .

After Godspell is fitiislted. Bennett plans
to take The First Barefoot Dancer to New
York following its run here. Then he'll head
for the North Carolina Shakespeare Festival.
where he will direct As You Like it. and two
other shows this summer.

Bennett's schedule doesn't leave him
much time for relaxation these clays. “i
would love tut/o weeks in Aruba right now —
or even Troy." he chuckled. .

IXXXI: 'l'he Forte Strikes Back

of them feel that Luke himself will be
subverted by the dark side of the Force —
which l'm absolutely sure he will be. (Oh.
he'll probably redeem himself with a selfless
and heroic act while mortally wounded. but
he's going to do a true Shakespearean flip—
flop.) i think the beginning of the end will
come when he and Hart have a violent
falling—out over Leia. And Leia is going to be
the "another" savior Obi1Wan reassures
Yoda exists when Yoda bernoans the fact
tliai the impulsive Luke is their last chance.

The question that troubles many movie in—
dustry observers though is rroi what will hap-
pen in Tire Jedi's Revenge. but will au—
diences wait three years for each installment
of a movie series that keeps them hanging?
Tire Empire Strikes Back doesn't end with a

climactic battle. and a triumphant ceremony.

but with one of the heroes the captive of one
of the villains. another facing the unresolved
possibility that the villain is his father (and i
think he is). and the rebellion runtilng for its
life. This isn't a case of “Same Bat~time.
same Bat-channel." but wait until 1983.
And we will. At least i will. 20th Century
Fox will find new ways to merchandise the
films. and keep the name a household word.
The kids my brother and I sat with last
Monday struck us as a dead crowd. We
cheered and clapped much more than they
did. but they loved it too. and even the
bored-looking parents came in with applause
when Death Star finally exploded. The
energy of the movie transcends the age bar-
rier. it's a movie which is either accepted in
toto or not at all. Those who have trouble ac-
ting and feeling like kids have no trouble
believing it all. And if the trend continues.
Obi-Wan's last words to Luke could be more
prophetic than even George Lucas realized:
“The force will be with you -— always." .

 

 

