 

W1m.w,...

  
 
 
 
 
  

 

 


f.
i
l,

 

~"WouldCapsules

 Aid. toNicarug‘ua Cut

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The Reagan administra-
. tion already has cut off U.S. aid to Nicaragua because
of that nation's role in the relay of arms to El Salvador‘s
leftist insurgents. Sen. Jesse Helms said Sunday. “They
have entrit off ," the North Carolina Republican said on
NBC's "Meet the Press" when asked whether such a
severance was likely in light of administration conten-
tions that military hardware from various communist
nations is. being channeled through Nicaragua to the
Salvadoran guerrillas. While $50 million in aid to
Nicaragua's recently installed Sandinista government is
"in the pipeline." Helms said. "i have a note here from
the State Department that says the rest of that is going to
be withheld." Helms added tltat lte didn't know "if
they've announced it. yet." State Departtncnt
spokeswoman Sue Pittman conﬁrmed tlte essence of
Helms’ remarks with the following statement: “Helms is
technically correct. Aid to the government of Nicaragua
has been suspended. None is going forward. However. a
decision on this matter will not be made until we have
completed a thorough review of Nicaraguan compliance
with all the conditions related to extension of aid as pro-
vided for in U.S. law.” Pittman declined to elaborate on
the statement. Helms expressed support for the ad»
ministration stance toward El Salvador. which has
toughened since the State Department released a “white
paper" to support its-contention that communist na-
tions are providing arms to the insurgents.

Brandt Asked to Mediate

SAN SALVADOR. El Salvador (AP) Heavy fighting
was reported at two towns in eastern El Salvador as the
internationalrsocialist organization asked Nobel Peace
Prize winner Willy Brandt to mediate between the guer-
rillas and the government and the United States
suspended aid to Nicaragua for alledgedly funneling
communist arms to the rebels. Government troops and
jet ﬁghters repelled weekend attacks by leftist guerrillas
on the town of San Lorenzo and Santo Domingo. accor
ding to peasants streaming into this capital city to escapr
the fighting in the eastern province at San Vincente.
Witnesses said “sporadic and heavy g'unfire“ continued
Sunday around the two towns. A military spokesman
said “an army clean-up operation" was under way.
“We have some wounded." said the spokesman btrt
refused to give casualty figures. There were no reports
of rebel losses.

New Galaxies Alleged 1

SAN FRANCISCO. Calif. (AP) A ‘ University of
California astronomer said Sunday he’s discovered four
galaxies 30 percent to 40 percent further away titan any
observed previously. Hyron Spinrad. a professor on the
Berkeley campus. said he and two co-workers made the
discoveries with the help of a sophisticated. computer-
controiied spectroscopc at the Lick Observatory of the
University of California at Santa Cruz. The galaxies are
about to billion light years from earth. meaning the light
that left them l0 billion years ago is just now reaching
the earth. Spinrad said. Light travels at about |86.000
miles per second. Two of the galaxies have bectt
catalogued and have been reported officially. Two
tithers have been identified. but have not yet been
recorded ofﬁcially. Spinrad said during a telephone in-
terview from his home in Moraga. about 35 miles east of
here. Spinrad said he ws aassisted in his discoveries by
John Stauffer. a graudatc astronomy strident at
Berkeley. and by Harvey Butcher of the Kitt Peak Na-
tional Observatory in Tucson. Arizona. Spinrad has a
photograph of the new galaxies but he said “it's not the
kind of picture you'd hang on your ofﬁce door."

Colony ’8 Fate Debated

UNITED NATIONS (AP) The U.N. General Assembly
zeroes in Monday on Africa‘s last major colonial pro-
blem. South-West Africa. amid hints from some
diplomats that President Reagan’s administration could
play a central role in breaking South Africa's grip on the
former German colony. The General Assembly debate is
on a resolution urging the Security Council to adopt new
sanctions to force South Africa to grant independence
to South-West Africa. The United States can veto any
action of the-Security Council. and is expected to block
any substantial extension of their current ban on arms
sales to South Africa. South-West Arica. also known as
Namibia. is a sparsely populated territory about twice
the size of California, controlled by white-ruled South
Africa under a l92t) League of Nations mandate. The
United Nations terminated the mandate in 1966, hut
South Africa has deﬁed U.N. orders to withdraw its

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

forces. 'A South African diplomatic source. who
‘ g’enert'tilytret‘lects ihe V’le of the governmental Prime
Minister P.W. Botha, suggested to a reporter recently
that the United States might be‘ able to end the impasse
by sponsoring a constitutional conference. as Britain did
for talks leading to the independence last year of Zim-
babwa; the former colony Rhodesia. The South African
Government is resisting a Wester-devlsed plan for a
tcease-ftre in the war between black guerrillas and the
south‘ African army and for U.N.-supervised elections
leading to independence later this year. The source said
his government. suspicious of the U.N. plan. would be
more likely to trust the conservative Reagan administra-
tion to ensure safeguards for white-minority interests in
. South-West Africa. ’

Israel Attacks Palestine

TEL AVIV. Israel (AP) lsraeli warplanes today attacked
Palestinian guerrilla bases northeast of the Lebanese
town of Tyre. the military command‘ said. A communi-
que said the attack was designed to prevent guerrillas
from regrouping and setting out on missions against
lsrael. All planes returned safely after scoring “accurate
hits." it said. it gave no further details. There was no
immediate comment from Beirut. The last lsraeli raid
into Lebanon was a ground sortie against guerrilla bases
near the southern Lebanese town of Nabatiyeh Feb. 23
in which the lsraelis claimed at least l0 guerrillas were
killed.

“Neediness ” Redefined

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) President RZ-agun's chief
economic adviser said Sunday the administration still in-
tends to protect the poor wltilc it cuts the federal budget.
but it also will rcdefittc just who'is "truly needy." Mur-
ray Weidenbuum. chairman of the Council of Economic
Advisers. also told the National League of Cities that
the cttts arc corrtirtg. and those able to pay their own way
are going to lose government aid. Weidcnbrutrn told the
city leaders that they are going to have to sacrifice urrtii
it hurts for the greater good of the nation and economic
recovery. Reagan was scheduled to defend his own pro»
grams iii a speech to the league yesterday. in tr paper
issucd lt_v tltc league's board of directors. tltc city of-
ficials said any cuts “should he applied fairly and
equitably," that local officials sltotrld be involved itt
evaluating federal aid programs to he cttt or killed and
that there should be plenty of transition time to allow
them to pick tip essential services being dropped by tltc
fcdctui government .

 

 

 

CAMpus Bniefs

 

Nominate a Volunteer

Nominations are being sought for the annual awards
of tire Voluntary Action Center. Two awards will be
presented at tltc ccntcr's Annual Awards Dinner, April
28 irt cortjttrtction with National Volttrttccr chk.

The l’ntriciu McGuincss Yates Award. sponsored by
tile Junior League of Albany. lttc.. honors nit outstan-
ding community volunteer program. Nominations are
judged itt terms of dcntonklration of community need.
innovation. enrichment of volunteers. impact on clients
and the community and evidence of program evalua-
tion.

The Gerald L. Griffin Continuing Service Award.
donated by the Massachusetts Mutual Life insurance
Co. as part of a nationwide program, recognizes an
“unsung hero or heroine" for continuity. quality and
consistency of an individual's dirccl community service.

For nomination forms and further information.
phone the Voluntary Action Center at 489-4791.
Deadline for nominations for both awards is Marclt 20.
l98l.

French Aid Theater Group

In a unprecedented move. the French government has
pledged $l0.000 towards transportation costs to help the
Empire State Youth Theatre institute afford to repre-
sent the United Statcs in an international youth theatre
festival being held in Lyon. France this June. according
to the institues's artistic and administrative Director
Patricia B. Snyder.

"it is the first tinte to my knowledge that any govern-
ment has actually paid to bring a foreign youth theatre
company to a drama festival in its country."Snyder
said. “We are very much surprised and. at the same
time. extremely grateful."

According to Michael Dicuaidc of the Lyon theatre,
funds from Paris will also help to subsidize the ap-
pearance of fch otlter non-French troupes that. with the
Youth Theatre Institute. have been invited to join six
native companies in the international Young People's

 

LTheatre Conference in France.

 

 

 BeginsHunpérShike

'atiLt-"Asr. Northern Ireland (AP) Bobby Sands. a

26-year-old lRA guerrilla at the Maze prison outside
Belfast. began a hunger strike “to the death" Sunday.
renewing tension with the British government over the
issue of political status for [RA prisoners. The Northern
ireland Office said Sands. who is serving i4 years for
possession of firearms, refused breakfast Sunday. Sinn
Feln, the lrislr Republican Army's political wing. said
Sands has vowed never to eat again unless the govern-
ment gives “political prisoner” status to the imprisoned
guerrillas irt this British province. Northern ireland
Secretary Humphrey Atkins said the government would
make no concessions to Sands and that if he and any
other prisoners stick to their hunger strike. “then they
will die." Some 4.000 demonstrators marched Sttnday irt
Belfast despite heavy rains to show tltcir support of
Sands. The march followed torchiight processions in
Belfast and Londottderry at midnight Saturday. The
mostly Rontan Catholic lRA is fighting to oust lltc
British from predominantly Protestant Northern ireland
and ttnitc the province with the overwlrclrttingly Roman
Catholic lrish Republic to the south.

Poland to Ration Meat

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Tltc govcrtttttcrtt announced

‘ Sunday that sugar allotments would bc halved and
coupons would be distributed soon for Poland's first
regular meal rationing program since World War II.
Meat rationing. originally planned to start Jun. I. has
been postponed urttil April I. bttt sugar allowances will
be cttt .back Monday. Tltc tttcat rationing is aimed at an
equitable distribution of supplies and was listed as a top
priority item by Premier Wojcicch .Iat'u/clski itt his irr-
ttugurul spccch Feb. li. Ratiotrtng was one of the key
demands of workers during last summer's labor
rebellion that began when the government sought to L'Iitl

‘.ct)slly food subsidies, ttotv put at $5.3 billiott per year.
Urtdcr tltc rationing pittu. each adult gets 7.7 pounds of
tncttl. meat product and poultry per month, with
children turd lcerrtrgcrs getting about 2.2 pounds Icss.
Manual workers rcccivctl IO pounds of meat pcr' tttotttit
and miners working u'ntlct'grtttrutl ll pounds. Causes of
the food shortages t‘nngcfrom four years of bad harvests
to a disastrous agricultural year itt i980 that saw
widespread flooding anti heavy rain. Production of
grain crops and l'oddcr dropped to their lowest levcls in
20 years. according to Agriculture Minister .lcr/y W0»
jtccki. ,

 

3
Art Restored With Grants

Approximately 50 works of art - including prints.
paintings. and drawings -_ are being restored at the
SUNYA Art Gallery ttntlcr a grant front tire institute of
Muscttm Services. a federal agency. The restoration
work is being carried ottt by two private conservators.
.Iamcs l-lrtutm and Pat Dacus-l-lamm. who are gt'tttlttzttcs
of the Cooperstown Collection Carc Cctttcr.

Marijo Fasulo. assistant director of the Art Gallery.
suid works on paper in the gallery’s collection have sus-
taincd the ntost damage. Some of the datnagcpccurred
as a result of a dry-mounting process used several years
ago which involved hot-pressing prints on a paper brick-
ing with u glassine tissue as an adhesive. The heat of the
press proved detrimental to the artwork. and thc moun-
ting gluc could cut through the back of the work. All
such work now is done ttrtdcr tltc supervision of the
gallery's curatorial stuff.

Approximately 25 paintings. Fasuio said, were
damaged from pollutants in tire air. as well as from
general wear and tear. One of the main problems irt
preserving art work. site explained. is storage. Part of
the grant front the lnstitttte of Museum Services is being
ttscd to correct damage done by not prescrvirtg the
pieces in acid-free conditions. An air-tight. acid-free
cabinet now is being ttscd for storage.

 

The ASP will not publish Friday,
March 6 and Tuesday, March 11.
The next Issue will be Friday,
March 20. ”

 

 

Everyone have a great vacationlJ

 

. . .s. .. _..”_.-.....~.....‘..A A».-. _._...,.....

March 3. i981

._. .4 -..._.. .,-.._....t.4. w...- .H_... _..... .. _. .. 4

Albany Student Press

Page Three

Ttvo Men Are Suspected of “Peeping ”’in Showers

by Judie Elsenberg

Reports of men walking into
bathroom facilities and "peeping"
at women in the showers in lndian
Quad lowrises have prompted an in-
vestigation by the Department of
Public Safety. according to in-
vestigator John Coleman.

The department believes two dif-
ferent men are rcsportsible for four
reported incidents occuring from
last October to February.

A suspect apprehended February
2]. was soon released because no
witness could positively identify

him. Coleman explained the mart
was picked up because the depart-
mertt thougltt he was “a good
possibility. He was an outsider —
not a student -— and he was walking
around lndian Quad early Saturday
morning when usually no ortc is
awake. One of the residence staff
who was ttnlocking the dorrtt doors
saw hint and rtotificd us."

The suspect denied ltc was on the
quad to peep into women’s
showers. Coleman said. The depart-
mcnt hasn‘t come up with any new
suspects.

The situation on lndian Quad
scents to be ttniqtte. hc cotttittttcs.
“Although men ltnve peeked under

the stalls and into the showers. in
women's hall bathrooms on Alumni
Quad in the past year. and similar
incidents have been reported in the
Campus Center after a function.
these reports have tended to be
isolated incidents.

"On lndian. it’s a different type
of occurence." lte continued. “it
happened a couple of times irt one
week."

A victim accosted while taking a
shower itt Onondaga Hall last Oc-
tober said she was in the bathroom
alone at approximately 8 a.m..
when site thought she saw sonreotte
move the curtain. Not believing
anyone was really tltcrc. site said.
she continued with the shower. A
fully dressed man. wearing a
dungaree jacket then opened the
curtain and looked irt. She scream-
ed. and he ran out.

She said her screams caused a
female resident across the hall to
conte out in time to see the man
ﬂeeing. He reportedly said. “Oh. I
thought it was a boy's shower" as
he ran dowrt the ltall.

A similar occurcncc happened the
next week to attotltcr woman using
the Onondaga facilities alone in the
morning. A mart. believed to be the

 

 

 

 

   
  
 

   
    
 
 

(Ly)? ' »~
t ‘tl v. ‘v' 'I‘ “NW:
 .v «r

 

Com oslte sketches of lite two men sus eeted in the cases.

 

 

Two di cram n ' " ' ' ' '
ff ten are believed Io be responsrhk for "peeping " lite/dents from Orlober In February.

one responsible for the previous in-
cident. reportedly bent down and
looked under the shower curtain.
The woman screamed, and tire than
immediately left.

He was observed running ottt of
the bathroom by a mule resident irt

Skidmore Lawsuits Settled

ALIMNY' N-Y- (AP) - Twelve
lawsuits stemming from a 1976 Skid-
rnorc College dormitory fire that
clainted one student’s life and left
others injured have been settled for
more than $7 million. the largest
SUCh settlement ever reached in New
York.

Two weeks of trial in U.S.
District Court here ended last week
when Judge James T. Foley called
lawyers into a conference that
resolved seven cases in federal court
and five in State Supreme Court.

Foley. in dismissing the jury. said
the case would serve to alert
authorities to correct hazardous
conditions. He made references to
the MGM Grand Hotel fire in Las
Vegas in which 84 people died. The
plaintiffs will receive varying sums.
with the largest going to Joanne
Handler of New York City.
Rosanne Miller of Boston. and
Susan Miller. not related ’to
Rosanne of Wayne. N.J.. according
to court sources.

The exact amount of each award
was rtot disclosed.

According to testimony. Handler
and Rosanne Miller depend on
traciteal tubes to breathe. Their
voices have also been seriously af-
fected.

Susan Miller required the tttbc
for about a year and. while surgery
enabled her to live without it. she
speaks in a whisper.

Tire bulk of tltc settlement was to
be paid by the college located in
Saratoga Springs and the New York
State Dormitory Authority. which
owned the then 20—year-old.
Wilmarth Hail. according to Thurs-
day‘s Albany Times-Union.

Thé'fire claimed the life of Jodi
Smith of Harrisburg. Pa.

Tltc remainder of the settlctttent
was apportioned in varying
amounts among the other defen-
dants in the case. including the
Wade Lupe Construction C0,,
builders of the dormitory; ar-
cititects O'Neill Ford and A-E Ar-
chitectural Materials; and lnntont
Corp., named in a third party ac-
tion by the Dormitory Authority.

Actions against numerous sub-
contractors were dropped.
Witnesses includcd Saratoga Spr-
ings Fire Chief. John Lanzara. who
said no fire inspections of the col-
lege had been made by the city bet-
ween l973 and i975. Lanzara said
Skidntore had reqttested an inspec-
tion in March 1976. the montlt
before the fire, but inspection of
Wilmarth Hail had not started at

\

the time of the fire.

Tltc lawsuits. which originally
sought $42 ntilliorr. charged the
dortnitory was poorly designed and
constructed. that iutpropcr
materials were used and that the
school failed to take adequatdfirc-
prevention measures.-

The blaze began in a first-ﬂoor
room used as a trash closetand
spread along hallways lined with
polyvinyl wall covering. it was
charged that the burning polyvirtyl

continued on page Iwe/ve

the hall. The residcrtt told an ht-
vcstigator that tltc man said.
“second time this week I made this
mistake," as ltc fled frotn the dorm.

The Department of Public Safety
received separate complaints cott-
cct‘ning incidents occuring on ()c-
tober 23. October Ill. and
November 7. 1980. its well its
February l4. l9lil. Coleman said.
The incidents all took place between
7:45 and 8:45 am.

(‘olcman furlltcr reported that
titrcc complaints were received
front residents of Onondaga Hull.
wltiic the most rccertt complaint was
received frorn a resident of Seneca.

The man believed responsible for
[he ‘7c‘jfunry and November enacts in
described as a white ntaic of
medium build. five feet. nine inches
tall. approximately 20 to 23 years
old. with light brown hair and
beard. '

The tnan believed responsible for
the October cases is described as a

Senate Favors Tuition

by Ken Gordon

The University Senate passed a
resolution yesterday urging all pro-
fessors not to penalize students for
missing classes on Marclt 24. the
day of a SASU state-wide rally at
the Capital.

Tire purpose of the rally is to pro-
test thc tuition hikes recently pro-
posed by tltc SUNY Board of
Trustees.

The resolution. introduced by
five student senators. passed the
Senate unanimously.

CareyRcscinds Alcohol Proposal

by Frank Gil

Governor Hugh Carey has
rescinded his assumed proposal for
24-hour bars, claiming an apology
to anyone who was misled by his
original statement.

Carey said last week that his
earlier statements may have chang-
ed in “translatiort“'un<i even sug-
gestcd that he rttigltt soon support
the raising of the state‘s drinking
age.

The governor explained that he
“has never recommended 24-hour
bars" and lltttl his “crrtphusis” at
the titttc'wasitttcrtded to be in tire
marketing of "wine and spirits lll
grocery stores." Carcy reaffirmed
his support of closing sortie small li-
quor stores and switching the liquor
,____.__.__.—.

licenses to supermarkets.

He added. however. that he has
no immediate plans for proposing a
bill to the state legislature to expand
tltc sale of alchoholic beverages in
grocery stores. '

“I’m ttot going to offer the
supermarket operators something
unless they ask for it." he said.
“And nobody’s asked for it."

Director of Communications to
the Governor Bill Sttyder said that
“no formal proposals are in legisla—
tiott~cverytltirtg is just iii the talk-
irtg stage."

/ “The governor wants to have a
tnittirttttrn number of regulations on
alcohol industries while not
boosting the consumption of
‘ alcoholic beverages." ite explained.

"This is just a highlight in the conti—
ntting effort of deregulating them

the whole liccrtsiug process
must be looked at closely."

The governor‘s initial proposal
was severely criticized by anti—
alcoholism and anti-drunk driver
organizations. causing legislative
leaders to quickly ntovc away from
Carey on the issue. according to the
Associated Press.

Carey also suggested that he
rnigltl support the raising of the
state‘s drirtklrtg age front l8,
remarking that his “overall concern
would be that we get the drunken
driver off the highway."

“l’il do anything to save lives and
prevent injuries on the highways of

continued on page thirteen

 

A second resolution passed by the
University Senate was a proposal
drafted by the University Com~
rnttttity Council (UCC) instituting a
new exterior poster policy.

Tire policy mandates that the
Physical Plant Department erect
two kiosks and too pillar bttiletin
boards. and that exterior posters be
put up only itt these locations.

Physical Plant Director Dennis
Stevens explained that these bulletin
boards will be approximately four

» and one-half feet high and will ex-

tend thrcc and one-half to four in-
ches wider than the pillars on each
side.

The policy also states that “only
posters announcing events spon-
sored by recognized campus

   
   

Carey has rescinded Itls supposed 24-hour bar proposal.

His proposal wrls'severely criticized

white male of mediunr btriid. six
tall. approximately 20 to 23 years
old. with light browtt hair parlcd iii
the middle. He has been seen with
and witltortt a beard.

However. Coleman explained.
“thcrc is it problem with idcnllfica-
tion in cases like this. The shock
the briefncss of cncorrrtter make it
difficult for the victims to
remember the man's l‘ttcc.
Sometimes the victim didn‘t get to
see any ntore titan art eye.‘I

The Department of Public Safety
has incorporated the help of the ln-
dinn Quad residence staff in their
scurcit for the ‘pecpers." Coleman
said. Composite sketches of the
men hnvc bean olruﬂltad, and the:
staff is on the alert for suspicious
characters. he added.

The residence staff of Dutelt
Quad has also been notified of the
situation. Coleman said. because
“we haven't rttlcd orrt the possibili-

conlinued on page rhirleen

Hike Rally

organizations and outside organiza-
lions approved under policies
generated by the University Com-
munity Council shall be posted on
authorized exterior bulletin
boards."

According to the new policy. all
posters must be stamped with a
rernovai date. and posters must not
exceed it by l7 inches.

The Student Affairs staff will be
responsible for monitoring the
posters and removing all outdated
posters from the bulletin boards.

Colonial Quad Senator Neil Gel-
fand expressed concern, that
although Colonial Quad Board had
answered a questionairre in which
they outlined a proposed poster

continued on page nine

' ‘v . In“. tag. I-‘l In...
I . .r. .t. m ..
\

 

.‘
.lv\

by anti-alcoholism groups.

 

 

