9-»...

_<<-<'r\-.—.

..~,~_.,.,,....

"~‘7—:W ‘ ' -
«Wm-=7“... n.
:v H .

 

 

February 13. i981 A

 

 

smn Unlverrlly of New York I| Albmy.‘ Campus Conley 329 ' 1400 World

1-1 -1 -1 —l -l -l

. (518) 451-8892
Edal-lctter from ed.

Are you feeling coposetic? _Can you

'l-Ii. neighbor. How are you today?
Sure. 1 know you could.

say that? Copesetic? Co-Puh-Seh-‘l‘ic?

what the hell am I doing here? 'Well.
0.K.. 0.x. so I'm really really lonely here on Valentines day, but

I don't want any of you out there to feel sorry for me. Just go out
there and enjoy yourselves. Takn your special girl hr guy out to a
fancy restaurant like the Bog or something like that, nnd don"t worry
about those of us who are just hanging out horn. soaking up the beauti—
ful Albany sun 9, and breathing in the wonferful \lbany axr cough, all
alone. No really, it's C.I{., really. I'vn got nomn school work to

do anyway.......No, I REALLY IfJN'“ ILL/IN THAT. i" ..., TAKE iiE '3 _
DINNER. I WON'T BE I'UCII 'I’I'ZOUBLE. Y( Li Civil JUST " HF. TICWIPS Ui‘llll'."
’I‘E'E TABLE. '

It's God damn Valentines day!

 

"'011. at least 8011?. people corn...

Dr‘ar Jules,

notion.
' in i-‘m‘ylunlr. Iivrry—
lle my lump '1.

Iii. How are you”: 'v‘hy um i and tinp', Good qu

I had a dream the othr‘r ninht. 1 “I‘LUIICI: l '.-1
thing v s hazy so you're juri going -,. n-
In tho :‘rcaln, m2. Jouy, and Jam wr‘rt- «in tllr VIV'Ol’.‘ rm
(For some strange roar-on), and no jurt \-.'r'.'.l: around to all lhv-‘n: ,"r‘r‘ui;
places, sucking up lutra beer and Franc-h frlrm, anti Jur'c rvrn bnugvhl.
a dinner. Then comer. the scary part, :1.» «lm "i"L)|rnn:\arl

 

  
 
 
  

      
     
 

institute, and 1 vru.c acting. like a four—y 1}" 11d. 1 J‘Il.’"l. IzcvpL .
ing that I wanted to car: the "’j‘nr 'I‘rrlz" r->:Ilil;il;, my rvnnhmll
put a pacifier in my mouth and thvI  mm H .Ilnn .rr.’1lf.r,r' )

or how loud I neroamr-rl-wlr- \Irr': :‘tul ,rninn to rep "urchin L'u: ,-
Chuir" instead nf‘ "Slur Tl‘rk." Ir‘innlly, wo wort LVLILLh'Inf" Lhc mm)

"T0 FLY" (have you ovnr‘ hoard of 11?) and 3 Ian: rn 7mm.” ,rmn “1...”..1
f‘ﬁll Off the “ll-1‘1. 'i‘hrrn we walla-r1 out or" 1,. lilgrlﬂrr gnu rrnr my my...
weird Smithnonian garbacc nanr with tho I'anp... paintml rm II. chum:

me and tried to eat me alive. I wnkr up, minor... shaken, 1r. :2 mm
sweat, with my thumb up my arm and my nose hrokrm in Five I)“ .
Hell of a dream, I tell you. I‘loll, anyway, tum. mm, n,an ,'g].,,1_
tines day, and remember that lhr-ro urn promo out thrw v'hr. lnvr: am]
can: and are rineorr.

 
 

o

r‘

I know who my frinndr are. My frilnrlr: know I'm than f'ri'n'r. All Ur
you have The com: privilege. It's Valentino." riuy. Iriakr r-mm l.l‘.’.‘/
know how you feel. You'll be glad you (lid.
Can you say that? Copesetic’?

7;! kc ‘
fw “Gil/4"“;

(cl/1’,

~30“

 

'Page 2:.

 

 

“If

 

d

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

a guy is friendly, he's gonna-do well."
Slim Whitman.

 

“I'm Singin’ in the Rain
Just Singin’ in the Rain
What a glorious feelin’

I’m happy again.”

._I

 

'rwm—WW * I
rm.....-....w“s .. ..

 

 

Q

Es solo EXIST

 

 

10 Week Series of Films

beginning Monday. February
CC 375 9pm 

I SPONSORED BY

 

 

 

 

 

_ CAMPUS ADVANCE
“A campus advénoﬂ .

Colonial Tower Council /

Quad Board
Presents a

VALENTINE’S DAY PARTY

Friday, February 13th at 9:00 p.m. in
the Tower Penthouse

——Kissing Boolh

—R

Admission:

———Piclu res

ofer

———Personols

—Mixed Drinks

$1.50 with Tox Card
$1.75 without Tax Card
SA FUNDED

 

 

 

 

 

IFebruary 13, 1981

What Is that lhIng we call stardom?

Is Il somelhing we can grasp, an objecl we
can hold?

Or Is II elusive. ethereal. as flighly as a but-
lerfly's wing. as quiet as an lndlan's Iread. as
sofl as winler's first snow?

We may never know. if we did. we might
all be slars. Or millionaires.

But we can ask lhose who do know.
Those who've reached for lhe slars. and
have never lel go. We can ask Bobby Vin-
lon. Or Boxcar Willie. The Harmonicals. Or
the Polka Kings.

Or we can ask another slar. A millionaire.
A singer. A cowboy. A crooner. An
American.

A man now entering upon his fourlh
decade in that suicidal world of pressed
vinyl. where careers are won and lives are
losl according In lhu fickle fluctuations of Ihc
infamous Charls.

We can ask the man who was named Ihc
lniernallonal Artist of the Year three differenl
limes al England's renowned Wembley
Music Festival.

The man whose recording of "Rose
Marie" topped the English charts for eleven
cunsucullve weeks, a fear unmatched even
by lhe Beatles. lel alone by any olher enler-
lainer.

The man who lied with Bing Crosby in

Vlorld Rgport

1957 as the mosl popular performer In
Ireland. and look his clear voice and warbl-
lng yodel lo the slage of Carnegie Hall.

The man whose very name Is
synonymous wllh lhe gleeful yodel. Ihe black
sequined cowboy suit and Ihe horsehead
bandana clasp.

If anyone underslands slardom. il's Slim
Whitman.

He's been everywhere. Done everything.
Seen ll all. He slarled on a "file radio station
In Tampa. Florida. a stale he still calls home.
[I was Ihere lhal some people from RCA Vic-
lor first heard lhal voice. pure and sweel.
yodclling gloriously across the swamps.

His career never slowed dOWn. He cul his
firsl disc In I944. had his first chari record.
"Love Song of lhe Waterfall". In |952. He
never looked back. The Uniled Kingdom
\venl ga-ga for the fall Floridian wilh the pier-
cing blue eyes. the pencil Ihin mustache. the
Presleyan sideburns. and lhc monumental
forehead. The songs he recorded In Ihose
days have each become classics In their own
I'Iglrl: "Chino Dull." “Secret Love." "FIIIIII n
lh‘rrlvrl llrm'." "llirliiln l.rr\IU (hill "

Slim Inurcd worldwide Irmn Canada lo
Japnn. Eumpc Io Soulh Africa. And nl
course. Auslralia,

And at each slop he gave ll his all. perfor-

Lost All

Is this loue or Is (his confusion?
Jimi Hendrix

if SUNYA is a microcosm of lhe world. the
Ral musl be a small corner of Pnramus. New
Jersey, maybe even the besl corner. There
was a fragile balance struck between two
elemenls of lhe microcosm. The microcosm
Is SUNYA. of lhe very world. and lhe
elemenls are man and woman. a specific
case of each. They were once In love at the
Unlversiiy. bul now they're divergent.

They lived Ingellwr formerly nn Cnlnnlnl
Qund. Sllilrlllg an R./\.. n loungv. n T.V. sul
Wllll bad recepiion. and Economics 100A. M
was enough. They did equal growing that
year. bul rumblings were nol absenl.

Losl to us now are the moments we
lhoughl we might share. No maller the oul-
come of all lhls, i will always remember to
hold lruc lo lhc lhings lhal have gotten me to
this point In lime. Lillie of lhc original love or

 

_____________————
Sebastian Caldwell
S aiding III

Well. It Is now February and we're all back
‘ICI‘Q Io our Alma Mater.

The vacation was a'cullural lreasure lrove
. . . Amadeus with Ian MacEllen and TIM
CURRY of lhe Broadhursl was a Ireal lo the
sensibilities of lhc refined theater gocr. One
hole of caullun. however; during lhe second
acl lhe music was Prokofiev not Mozan's
'Magic Flute". Lei's try a little harder ncxl
ime direclor PETER HALL, shall we . . ,
What famous SUNYA prof. is working on his
Illll nervous breakdown??? (Hinl: check Ibis
week's Wnll Slreel Journal for dclnils) . . ,
‘lf you're looking for culture In [his Cost-purrl I
suggesl you go over In Troy!" said an
anonymous person on a dinner lino lhe
oIllcr nighl. And she was all Inn corrucl.
Thai Is why i suggest you nlighl from your
harslools and Iuilcl seals In sec PDQ Bach al
he Troy Savings Bank Music Hall. Poiur has
never been In boller form and It could
possibly be an cnloyable evening In this
' Edawlui no-mans-land. (Sorry uboul lho

 

eighborhood the T58 Musk: Hall is In but,

 

lusl (whichever way you may want lo look)
remains. ycl we still find ourselves allached
lo long removed Ideals and lofi with the often
messy business of living In this dream. Nighl
slrlkes terror in our hearls as we move lo
show ourselves and the world around Ihe
lrue value of Ihlngs locked inside Ihe emp-
tiness nf half-Irenrled looks al lha past.

Drop In on lhe spare parts of moments
lhal somehow evolve towards lhe Infinilc.
Losl o nighl. no sleep kills me more lhan no
love. Speak softly. the ears of a man are not
lhose of a mule. The angles of houses comes
nni lmm us. bul miller fmln lhe lighl.
Drown-like slates lake over Ihe union asking
for higher wages.

I'm not Ihe fool i play. nor the one you
wanI me to be. Does il really maller lhal we
are In love? Can'l seem lo find lhe urge Io
merge. bul Ihen again is lhere a need lhal l

  

can anyone lell me of one good area In lhal
whole town!) Flash! What famous
manager of [he Follcll Bookslore looks so
much like lhu Wizard of Oz lhal he's received
two offers for the remake slarring BROOKE
SHIELDS . . . If anybody wanis lo lake a lil-
lie lrip for lheir meals lhe Kumqual Cafeteria
in Husled Basement on the Downlowr
Campus lakes all meal cards (and lhey don‘l
hassle you about being on lhe "special lisl”!l)
The food Is very good bul lhc sandwich lady
Is oul of lhIs world. l'll be reviewing this llllle
oasis of 50115 In a few weeks bul in lhe mean
lime. the Genoa salami on fresh rye is her
besl! l don'l know how much stock i shall
place In movie crIlIcs from now on. i saw
KEN RUSSELL's new flick Altered Slates
and was never more thoroughly impressed
wIIh lhe visual cffccl and Ihe performances
of WILLIAM HURT and my good friend
BLAIR BROWN . . . And would someone
please tell me whal In god‘s earth were those
slalc. hard. menly rolls with the holes lusl
Sunday'ﬂ? Bagels?!? i think nol. From now
on i lhink E. NORBERT ZAHM should place
an order for 50 dozen plain from Bagel
Baron. iwiih a name like Zahm. you'd boiler
do something righlll . . . Finally, since lhis I5
Friday. I hear lhnl UAS Is planning a sur-
prise “Welcole Buck Dinner" for us and for
Ihosc 52 CIA ngenls. i mean Innocenl em-
bassy personnel. it will be N.Y. cul Sirloin
wllb garlic bread nnd sirawbcrry shorlcake
for dcsserl. (Please!!! When I ask for medium
rare. i'd like lo see something pink. .nolin
lhrubblng. halbcooked purple.) ‘Tll nexl

PorSPECﬂw-

.mPIYOn 

 

    

ming will! Ihe simple philosophy he's always
lived by: "Nobody inﬂuences me. i iusl grab
a song and go,"

don'l see? You play with my mind as i look
beyond lhe prescnls you can offer me. Llllle
lhoughl passes belweon us. yel we siill cling
lo each olher oul of need. Palm me a prelly
picture and I'll lake Ihe lime Io redefine Ihe
worlds we will never Inhabil. Pieces of paper
form mountains of lrash lhal iransform
Ihamsalves Info spent lives upon the floors
of newpapers.

My life reflecls the images lhal olhers pul
forward. as they attempt Io reconcile their
exislance In lerms lhal "make" no sense Io
Ihcm. Open doorways inlo locked rooms
form lhe basis'of daily inleraclion among
those who feel enlropped In glass houses.
Never. Is lhere anything lhal moves ll Inlo

'lhu realm of the possible.

No way In lake II for granled. Yel wouldn'l
II really be nice no! to have to accept whal
we dun'l wanl? When lllE lime Is taken to see
(wl-alever lhal means) will i or you exist or
will lhere appear a mystery we? No I'm not
crying about a Iosl love. I'm merely recogniz-
ing lhal love does not come fully packaged.
Ralher iI emerges oul of a need or desire lo
work lowards what could be In a lime and
space nol here as of yet. Evenls lake conlrol
of loose-llppedchlldren submerged In cosmic
giggles. lnsianl salvation comes lo lhose who

.have no need of il. Like candy. lhe sweet
things lie around and ref the leelh we were
given lo ingesl more important Ihlngs.
Liberation Is a goal lhal few ever wanl. but
mosl will spend their lives seeking. Mirrors at

W
O, For The

Discontent

Absorb Il all. breathe I! In. slowly. steadily,
'Concenlrale on the flow and surge of breath.
Sweelly II spirals In. bringing wllh Il lhe buzz
‘and rage of ouler slfmull. Sound. color.
slench.broken chunks of the marble slruc-
lure. chips and pieces of precious conversa-
llons: it's a mad collage - rubbage and refuse
shallered by my foul wind. entrapped by my
snarling noslrlls. I pull II in. squeeze II with
my claws and pierce Ils decaying flesh. I
have lo make It real. i have lo make If accep-
lable. And oul: exhalan wllh absolule con‘
Irol. regulating each phase of lhc crescenl
do. It feels like an earlhquake; tastes like the
sail of the sea. ‘

 

lime. Good eating. “Living well is ihe bczl

revenge."
‘

 

' And In: Slowly and deilberalely lhe whirl-
ng kaleidoscope becomes focused. Slowly

l and my source. 0?.

 

But the seventies wasn't Sllm's decade.
The skyrocketing career ran out of gas. The
pilot light seemed to have gone out. The star
dimmed.

Bul lhal didn't slop Slim. No. not Slim.
And at the end of lhal dark decadé he got
together once again with his guitar and his
pasl. and made what has now become
regarded as a commercial classic. Lip-
synchlng lo 30 seconds of his hits of a
lifellme. Slim has bounced back. The career
picked up rlghl where it left off. Over
2.000.000 copies of “Slim Whitman's
Grealesl HlIs" have been sold. and lhe end is
nol In slghl. And the music business knows a
product when it sees one. Just last Oclober.
Cleveland Inlernallonal Records. a division
of CBS. signed Slim lo a major recording
conlracl. followed soon after by the release
of his lalesl album. Songs I Love to Sing.

Whal is lhal thing we call slardom?

Some say "‘5 lalenl. Olhers say Il's nerve.
Slill others lhink it's the mustache. .

Maybe Slim said Il besl. al a receplion held
In his honor on lhe occasion of his new
recording conlracl. “if a guy's friendly." said
Slim. "he's gonna do well."

Slim always has. And alwnus will

And for lhal reason. he'll always remain

...SlIm.
- nn lh ik

the end of hallways show me lhe way oul of
rooms We never enlered.

She‘s apart of a vision I had once. A
beautiful creation lhal will‘flower lo creole a
new place for lhosc presenlly a prisoner of
Ihc land of ihe “wishy-washy." Break open
lire barriers of my soul with your love. If you

    

. \“ . .

Ing. Remove lhe need Io know with the abili-
Iy In care and you'll find lhal we are more
likely lo be friends than enemies. Trip over
Ihe wires l place In fronl of you. so lhal we
may hold on lo the shapes of our pasl.
Children are the outcome of marriages lhal
lake place among the unknown matings of
lovers. Hours of the day fill the empty glasses
of silenl drinker? in a bar room lhal never
closes ils doors. Take the train lo the station
and perhaps you might find a way home
(wherever lhal Is).

and deliberately I make It my own. Out}
throw my breath - the chemical waste of my
frazzled brain - al him; ai her. Muler lhey sIl.
‘ ‘ " dIsr a "' -u the ' ‘ L‘
furnace In the next seal. 1 swell and persplre.
writhing wIlh lhe tension of a candle burning
of both ends; and they. the headless _
monsters, lerl Ihelr hair or adiusl their com-
promised balls. l have nolhing to fear. so I
brealhe. On and on if goes: a recurrent pal-
lern of heaves and falls. panting al first. to
regain equilibrium. then more slowly g It
becomes more regular. I have tested lhe
reins and my hands have learned what every
pull and lug will bring.

And when It's over: lam reborn. l have. In
lhoso minutes. transformed lhe world. In the
same way an alom bomb disfigures Ils target
i am lhe bomber. I am the explosion. I am
everylhlng In my path. i know no borders,
recognize no party lines. I' am lhe power.

 

I - Sue Gerber A

 

 

 

 

 

