 
 

 
     
    
     
    

 

l
I
I .
.

 

,,~¢¢;..a.a-..._

 

 

 

 

late Unlvertlty of New Vork at Albany ‘ Campus Center 329 ‘ 1400
l -1 -1 -l -l -1 -2I

Edellletter from ad. (5‘3l‘57‘augz

 

.1 have a question. Actually,’I'm sure I have a few questions to
ask. Hey. maybe I'll make this whole letter a series of questions to
be answered by me or just by an one in the general public. Or maybe
Just part of this letter will be like that. We'll see.

But nevertheless, I still have ONE main question.

Ready? Here we go.

I'd like to know why the person who is supposed to be, and who
definitel is the editor of the arts and feature section (that's
me. folks\ of the Albany Student Press Corporation cannot seem to
Pass his grammar test. I hope you're laughing. Everyone else has
(except Professor Rotunda, who's been very nice about it). If you
like our editing. than it can be attributed to the staff and myself
If you DON'T like our editing. than it can also be attributed to the

right and what doesn't. Howtvcr, I can't seem to be able to toll
the difference between a propositional phrase and an oncoming truck
(or a Wearing Blender for that matter).

Another 0: Why is it that the one course 1 want to take in this
sohool--a course that is only supposed to be givon once every four
some;fers--is given over the summer, but is not listed in the fall
course selection guide? I don't want to be hope this summer. and if
1 did, I wouldn't want to be in class. 1've waited two years to
take this course called "James Joyce" Just so‘l can have an excuse
to read the works of the man. In fact. 1 had a dream rocontly that
I met JoycorAand after talking to him for awhile, he tried to force
me, at gunpoint, to write an essay on "Finnegan's ﬂake." After
pleading with him, and telling him that it would take me twelve-
years to get through it, I woke up in a 001d sweat, with papers
flying around my room. (Actually, there are always papers flying
around my room, so don't take that as any indication of the in-
ten51ty of the dream.)

I must admit something. (This part of the letter ir obviously
devoted to a non-questlon and answer period. This is where the other
stuff begins. I guess I've answered my opening thought.) I IUVO thhs
place. I love this school. A lot of people don't but 1 do. I love
my friends. I love the lake, 1 love perimeter road (althnuph no
serious relationship has developed between the road and myself as

I of yet), I love the ASP (1 also occuisonally hate the ASP), and I
can occaisonally take the bars. 1 just wish oh”re wasn't such a muddle
with everything. You plan a life for yourself here, and you set
certain standards for yourself. If you don't reach those standards
and it s TOTALLY your own fault, then so be it. But if you pay to~'
come here, and you want to do what you want to do, then you should
be able to do it. This IS not only a way of explaining my feelings
on grammar and Joyce. It is justmi-saying that in my wish to mo-J
tlvate myself, in fact. 1n my struggle to motivate myself 1 wish
everything was super simple. "wait till ' "' I
then ou'll p I you blt the real world son

y s.e that you can t always have thinps so Simplo " '

I want things to be even simpler. T. I. And yet
God, I Wish I knew how to end this piece. W011....bye.

 

 

 

 

 

staff and myself. After a year in this job. 1 think I know what sounds

. April 3. 1931

 

friends - you and yourself.

Letter from ed. _ 23
Hot Licks And Rhetoric 2a
ABC 10] 33
World Report 3a
Once Upon A dream 3a
A Note For Jim Brady, 3"
An X-Ratcd Centerfold! 4.5a
Sound & Vision 6.7a
Diversions 8a

Self-contentment is the bringing together of two

- Robert M. Cohen

 

 

 

smells like . . . victory.

  
 

 

 

 

Hot iks nd Rh ori o

For 'I'h

The digital clock presses forward. sllenl in

 

analrus ~II Me

I love the smell of Napalm in the morning. It

- Robert Duvall

from Apocalypse Now

 
 

 

 

 

space, wlth no IIck to advertise Its efficacy as
the typewriter Invades the amblance wlth a
self-assured crispness as television projects
lls oplated dln and the cowboy Presldenl lles
vIctorIous tn the recovery room — a mentor
of my adolescence. John. grapples with
demonlc vapors. Confuslng Jesus wlth men-
tal stability. wlde and glassy-eyed. who once
called God a "fuckhead" and walked
barefoot through hlgh-school halls. eyes
downward. entrenched In thought and delu-
slon —— John. who from an attracllve visage
and brown eyes could challenge and taunt
but not sedu ' gIrIs. began to lose It In the
summer of 1975 after he was busted for a
dlme of pot at an Eagles concert and had
totalled the red Nova. dlstracted by Cathy

      
  
   

 

     
   
     
   
      

\.\_3_\.\;g‘.\.\.\

 

  

\\\\,\\\

\_>;7\_\'\.\_§#\7\ \K’TR \x\x\r\\—xA\TR \{o'

The Graduate Jewish Student‘Group Presents:

Alan Yasgur
Director Of 'Albany Jewish Family
speaking On:
Problems Confronting Jews Today 1

Sunday 1:00 April 5

Brunch will be served .
‘ 'More Info. call lsc7-7508'"

-\\~\.~\.x\’\§‘-"\:\&Z'v~'{"{{\.'{A~  =
- - -  n  r.  “\.\;~

Morey's stuck-up lltIle sIsIer — but It all had
begun before then —- who else would wear a
T-shIrI wlth “what Is real?" emblazoned on It?
Who else could be duped Into climbing up
the slde of a suburban house and jumping off
who It: rang the doorbell? Indeed. who
else?I Wlth your long Lithuanlan surname
that no one could pronounce ot flrst. when
you. from PlItsburgh. that great coke-oven
smelled cIIy. moved as If magnetized. to Buf-
falo —— the other steel town. and Impressed
your teachers to the polnt of belng dubbed.
"prodlgy." excellan (somewhat) at basket‘
ball' when athletlc prowess was the very
measure of a boy's worth — then to lie pro-
strate on your kltchen floor. Incoherent acld
babble. evoklng Images of gods. klngdoms In
your wrltlng: "Etch a sketchum flavored buI-

  
  
  

\\\.\\_\

\\\“\\\\\‘

W CC 222
$.75

  

fer pecan and as a dlrect result of seml-
consclous retroacted wheelcourse

mellowmyoplan. a nominal fee of pleasure.
Touch your soul! . . . " and Mr. and Mrs. Y
dldn't seem concerned as long as Johnny
was goode — all you wanted to do was
“scrape the walls of the unlverse." — and me
In dlsgust wanting to scream it to their smillng
and smug faces: “DON'T YOU SEE
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO YOUR SON?!"
But Johnny was 900sz and polite and began
to retreat Into his room like Brian Wilson or
Howard Hughes. his atlractlve vlsage sIlll
and immovable. explalnlng. “I don't smlle
much anymore." and queerly when you do
. . . John. who nearly reduced me to Ioars
wlth an “I love you" attached to the end of a

-letter In spring ‘77. before New Wave . . .

and a year later. out of the Army \va h WU
had jolned merely to make lrlL‘lltl\ onion
a bogus homosexual rap Ihal you ynutst’ll

couldn't verify if you wanted to .1 yum
later meetan face-In-focc with nollnng hm
banalltles to fell me In an effort to be a

"normal guy." no more tangled yams III the
Sky. no more swaggering Cuncull 7 John
you have toxlc flulds swlmnnng Ill your
head. you've landed on the III]: ‘alfll‘ of IllL’

coin wlth an infinite circumferunnu you lIJIVL’
the Flre without the warmth. lln' I.iglII
wllhout vlsion. you have the key to l lv-IWIl'S
back door -— but. John in spite of II dllrl
can’t help but feel that I'm L’lel'IIIIIIIl W”

HOW. so forgive me. forgive us nll .\s we pick
away at you. piece by plece, Iin lumnrds.
Unlll you return to the coth ngnln Amen. o

 

  

 

SAVE

— 7 FULL DAY ssnvrcs .—

 

lﬂlogonlr'al Ave.
olonlo

- Guildﬂland

    
 

Albany

SUPERB COIN LAUNDRIES

E-Z WASH ’N DRYGLEAN

CAPITAL DISTRICT’S FINEST FABRIC CARE CENTER—6 GREAT STRES

F'THIS COUPON GOOD Foam-m»
I ’1 00 O

on cLEAIlIIIG BY THE pouu'n

WE PRESPOT. DRYCLEAN. AND P
GARMENTS FOR YOU IN AS unflan

8 LBS. - $.00 cm"... a. 5" l , .
FULL PROFESSIONAL CLEAN 3. anss stcs

IT‘S ALL HERE AT 52 WASH a. DRYCLEANERS
HIGHESTOUALITYATGREATSAVINGS
7 DAYS — a A.M. TO 9 PM '
gown . 9000mm". LathamCirclc? 2m Hombmgsn. Comm"°"‘"°‘°"
Mo“ Schenecla

 

  
 
     
    

SAW

 

H... I] 474,

        
     

  

 
      
   
      
      

Rotterdam dl

 
 

 

. W, .  , /

 

 

'AprIIS, 198. 

 

We found our frlend Melnlck slItlng
towards the back of the Rat. stlrrlng a warm
beer wlth the ear-plece of hIs eyeglasses. If
you asked. he'd explaln that he hated the
flzz. He looked In a bad way. and we
Wondered how many he'd had.

uTwo." he sold. holdlng up three flngers.

Melnlck had problems.

And knowlng Melnlck. they probably had
to do wlth women.

Choklng back Iears. he described hls
weekend. A frlend had flxed hlm up on a
bllnd dale. wlth a glrl named Rhonda. who
met hlm at the door dressed In the latest
"Western" outfll. includlng chops and spurs.
She even gave off a dlstlncl odor of
barbecue. whlch she explalned was the latest
from Revlon. “Bealsteak Charlle."

He took her to the bullel. and chalked up
yet another In a growing llsl of great Melnlck
dates as she yelped “Yeo-hnl" after pur-
tlcularly pleaslng passages. She asked to be
taken home rlghl afterward. saying she had a
hockey play-off In the mornlng.

Thls Isn't new Icnllory for Melnlck. “I
know that tune." he says cryptlcally. and It's
beglnnlng to upset hlm. JusI last week he

Wol

had a plan. “I'm gonna eat Ilke an anlmal."
he sald. "I'm gonna blow up to 400 pounds.
look Ilke a pig. smell lIkc a yak. Then I'll at
least understand why my soclal llfe stlnks."
There are many Melnlcks In the World. or
so he likes to Ihlnk. and a great majorlly go
to thls unlverslty. Melnlcks are kind and In-
Ierestlng; never handsome. but pleasant
enough for most normal purposes. If God
gave out grades. the Melnlcks would get a
high B. _
Melnlck tells you all Ihls by way prefaclng
hls latesI and greatest phllosophy. what he's
labeled .Ihe "Melnlck Manifesto." a body of
modern thought that Includes the "Forum
Plan" as Its major premise. and the
"Brollter-Slster Corollary" as a neighboring
satelllle. I
One week he professed a longlng for a
wlnsome coed he nlck-named “Backdoor”
for the enchantlng way In whlch she slgnaled
to the bus drlvcr that she wlshed to exlt. He
odmllled hIs crush lo a nelghbor. Whn'd
heard It all before and was piqued by the
news.
"Melnlck!" she exclaimed. “There you go
ugaln. You're klncl. Intelligent. and In-

rt-K nn th Dicke

 

Draw the bllnds on yesterday. and “'5 all so
much scarier. Pu! a bullel In my braln and It
makes all the papers. It's no game.

Dauld Bowie

At three In Ihe mornlng even concrete.
steel. plaster and glass can take on the ap-
pearance of human "lo. “'5 Thursday night. '
or rather FrIday mornlng. Another nlghl of
productlon up here at the paper. Volces fIll
my ears. sounds bounce off of the walls and
people. The news of the day comes Iu us thls
way. each week.

Tonlghl I don't feel the urge to be the ex-
pectant fther. Warm spaces of doubt are
defined each moment of each day. Pultlng
together a newspaper. has anyone ever
thought of the human element of all thls?

Warm bodies (men and women) con—
stltufe IhIs group of unllkely heroes. To brave
the storm of college and still find the time
between class and Ihelr private llves to care.

 

Paul Oechsci

 

The stranger deparled from the deep
waters.
He did not enjoy what he encountered.
The decadence was overbearing.
The only Icaslble alternative was to escape
Into a dream ------------------------ 
------------- --Openlng his eyes he was amaz-

ment synagogue was too high a prlce to pay
to postpone the inevitable encounter wlth
reality. An ontlclng female drifted past our
hero, her neck was supporting enough gold
to feed several third World nations. AtIemp<
ting to engage in trivlal conversatlon. he
became qulckly aware of the
‘prlnciple which states:"l’laslic will only be at-
tracted Io plastic."The passing of time was

sort of numbness enroplured our lost soul.
The hard core old timers warned the green

potentlally dangerous. long-lastlng slde-
effects. A repercusslon frequently e
countered Is a type of apathy which becomes
deeply embedded in the cerebellum and ex-
pands outward. holdlng an unsuspecting In-
dIvldual In llmbo for years longer than hls

adventure. our hero paused long enough to

length mlrror. After recovering from the In-

    
      

 
  

 

wlse old aunt had told hlm as a young chap.

  
    

‘ Once Upon A Dream

ed to ﬁnd himself entrapped in some sort of and the resultan euphorla whlch iI porv
symmetrical maze. A four year stInI In the ce-

metaphysical fashion. Upon closer examination It was
relallvely quick. After a few days a soolhlnglhe posslbly opened led to a long corrlder.

rookle that his condltlon can have some notic condmon. ............................... ..

n~ breeze ruder awakened the returned adven-

orlginal sentence. Mldway through hls Included
catch a qulck glance at a reflection In a full loud to no one

Itlal shock. he remebered somethan that a automo

 

 

PCTSPECHWU

Wm" .
'I'he Helnick Manifesto

terestlng — granted. not ‘extrdordlnarlly
handsome. but pleasant enough. Why do
you go merely by the physlcal?"

And at that polnt the "Forum’Plan" began
to gel. How do you meet a young lady? By
stlklng up a conversatlon. But just what do
you say? What do you say?

TWO llttle quesllons — one wlth an
answer. the second wlth none. What do you
say? Oh sure. the A's had the llnes. the style.
the panache to conjure conversatlon out of
seemlng nothlngness llke so much cotton
candy.

But when of the poor Melnlcks. who lack-
ed the knack of Instant self-promotlon. and
relied on thelr eventually wlnnlng per-
sonalltles to attract another? What Is lacklng
Is a proper forum; Ihat Is. an atmosphere In
whlch the true person can be revealed.
where belng oneself Is more Important Ihan
palnllng a smlllng and false facade.

Melnick was proud all MS reasonlng. pro-
uder sf!“ of the concluslon. But there re-
malned cerlaln Inconslslencles. “Melnlck.”
one mlght ask. and two In fact dld. "Doesn't
such an opportunlfy exist In the modern

t’s In Game

Is beyond the call of duIy. Perhaps for the
rlght causes people wIll flght and sacrifice.

The need for the publlc to know. the drive
to develop the news wlth a sense of quallly.
The attempt to Infoan those who are unable
to flnd out otherwlse. The removlng of the
veil of Ignorance. All llne reasons why thls
paper Is mote than paper and type.

Long hours are spent lIvIng thls way.
Polnts In time covered mm the full enamel of
professlonnl people wanting the end product
to be betler than themselves. A bond takes
hold of each of us leavlng few thlngs more
important than getting thls “baby” ready.

WIInesses to honor often overlook the
horror and IdenIIIy with the strength of the
guIlIy party. When all the soclal graces have
been extended. there remalns locked inslde
each of us hldden paésions. These elusive
forces forge pathways amidst this "forest."

A special humor allows us to see for

"When vIsiIlng Havana. do like the Cubans."
Cement must be shattered. but you can
mold clay. One morning whlle applying the
appropriate makeup. he notlced a golden
certificate suspended In the air just out of
reach. He spent the next several months
franllcally pursulng the cherlshed document

portedly entailed. Deluslons of grandeur
pervaded the atmosphere of our gallant war—
rlor. Mind pollutIon Is a disease whlch knows
no cure. One sunny mornlng the prized

piece of paper fell quite unexpectedly Into
the scholar's lap In a rather anII-cllmactic

dlscovered that thlslong awalted object was
In actuality a key. The only door that could

There were mothers smlllng and the sweel
sound of the Slrens slnglng produced a hyp-

-------- --The music was over. A cold steel

turer lo the harsh realltles of an everyday Me
which he had not experlenced for sometlme.
Standing naked wlth no place to go created a
feellng of confusion. The document. whlch
all the deslrable decoratlons. was .
held tlghtly to our hero's chest. He crled out
In panlcular. "Where Is my 
beautlful house? Where Is my large
blle? Where dld I get these Indellble
nsclous?" 0

 

scars upon my subco

 

. o u o - o'c'o'n'nlc‘s c'. n‘c‘a'.’.‘.‘n

ourselves the hldden alleys between the
grand statues and monuments. Tlght spaces

lllllng the gaps our Ideals leave us wlth. A
,- ,I -

 

soclal glue. 2: call for consensus crles ouI
even in our darkest hours of despair. An at—
tempt to call the humanity out of the plt of
OLII’ desires. our needs. OUI' emollon.

We talk to ourselves. each other and
hopefully even to God. Yet are We capable
of listening to the storles llfe offers us?
Everything and everyone presents the
chance to see beyond our own “speclal

aze." One short moment when sell~lnleresl

Simon Turkel

A Ilote For

 

3/30/81 — Reagan was shot today. I
walked Into the Campus Center In llnd
everyone watching the news reports on
television. The networks had managed In
film Ihe entlru sequence of events. However.
this Ieclnmloglcnl efficiency became ghastly
when II closed up on the face of the Press
Secretary Wltn had been shot through hIs
head. He lay on the ground wlth hIs tongue
hanging out of hls mouth whllc a Secrel Ser-
vice mnn pressed a handkerchch agulnsl hls
skull to stop the bralns from lolllng out.
Brady's Expressiun was one of perfect
slupldlty and uselessness.

In a flash. a Ihlnking. funcllnnlng. lovlng
man was reduced to an obscene. gurgllng.
retard-child. Watchan the scene. I thought
how unspenkohly far llle Is from death. and
yet how closely Ille hovers near death In
plaln. physical terms. A bullet wlpes away all
the sllly Idlosyncmsles one builds up over a
Illetlme. The lnllnlte expanse of an Intellec—
tual and Imaglnallve world Is suddenly made
slave to a hall-Inch of steel. Yet from thls
horrible and essentlal relallonshlp between

 
  
  

 

   

'A‘U-‘r‘JA‘. fin . -

h’ﬂ

llfe and death sprlngs the wonder of ex-

coed dorm?"
The question forced plucky Melnlck to
devlse the "Coeducatlonal Brother-Slsfer
Corrollary." ThIs other blt of genlus asserted
that the dorm does allow for closeness better
the sexes to develop. but may allow for too
much of a good thIng. Frlendshlps more
beyond casual. even beyond sexual. and
come to rest wlthln the realm of the famlllal.
The gIrI next door becomes a Slater. and
breaking of that partlcular houslng contract
borders on Ihe lnceslualllf you were havlng
problems. Melnlck would refer you to
Freud's Totem and Taboo. and mlght even
demand a two page reacflon paper).
Melnlck Is happy wlth the fruIIs of his
research. He Inslsts he’s correct, and Is
satlsfled that he's ldentlfled the problem.
Only now. he's In search of the solutlon.
and "'5 been rough golng. He's not defeated.
he says.only dlscouraged. But for now he'll
contlnue to probe. and questlon. and
ponder. and see If one day he'll get laId.
You can see hlm dolng that any clay.
Iowards the hack of the Rat. stlrrlng a warm
beer and hltlng the heads off of I’eppetldge
Farms Goldflsh. 0

yields to the greater power of human
knowledge. Strip bore for me. my soul and
let the warmth of realizatlon bum away the
delusions of my mlnd.

I'm beglnnlng to feel lost among thls sheep
dung. burled allve. No space left to breathe
the polluted alr: so I dled. No one really
cares. so I wrlte on about these thlngs that
the approach of death brlngs. Should I feel
the pain of joy or for that matter. the trlumph
of defeat? I'm glad to see the worms eatlng
away at my flesh. Sucklng my eyes out of
thelr sockels. A feast for munklnd. a dlnner
for the worms. Is that What I was born lor?l
hope so. at least now there Is some purpose
for all these years of fear.

Llllle droplets of dew form on the grass
above my grave. Chlldre.‘ are busy playan
in the courtyard. All thls makes me very
happy that I'm dead. At least there Is a
reason to cry. Never agaln to walk among
the human race. Never agaln to love. Oh.
God save me not. from the dealh that l have
found. Let the devll beware. there Is a prlce
Io pay. 0

Jim Brady

Istencc. and Jlm Brady.

So Jim. here Is to the first Ilme you had
your heart broken. and the flrst tlme you
were drunk. And Ibis is to the tlme you were
told you weren'l good enough and dldn't
belong, and to the tlme you truly belleved
you were special and someone saId they lov-
:cd you. Jlm. this Is to everyone and

.3 'sg a" = ‘

     
  

everyl'hlng you ever cared about. and all the
people and thlngs that cared about you. To
all the places and thlngs In thls world whlch
you made your ma k upon. whlch you
touched. and whlch ou created. So here's
to you Jlm Brady. here's to your Me. 9

 

 

a n r e .33.: . . 3 a run Inn-3,?" ~_r t r s \ r r r r

..A..

 

 

yum......~..u.n ..

  

 

é.

F. 7

‘i
..n

 

 

   

