 

Sound &

 

 

,_ ‘ /__————Aprrt 10. 1981
Vision

 

IPage 60I

‘Vlettlns 6f blur-A Labor

onstance Valis is no stranger to the
% stage as a performer and
choreographer. But directing a

play is quite another venture.

Lisa Avery Michael.

\' ills directed last week's run'of Eugene
lonesco's Victims of Duty at SUNY. The
Albany community witnessed a rare event —
lonesco himself attended the opening night
performance of his play.

 

  
   

Photon. Will Yunnan
Valis has been a lecturer in the Tlrealre
Department for 3 years. She teaches mime.
movement for the actor. Jazz and tap dance.
Just days before Victims rehearsals began.
she and her partner completed a New York
City run of the mime play. The Dollie Sisters. '
The 33~year-old native New Yorker talked
about her experience with the play in an in-
terview last Thursday.

Dressed in sweat pants and sneakers.
Valis had met returned to her tililce after
launching a movemenurjan uu\duors on ﬂu.-
lirst spring-like day. She is a striking Woman.
with ivory skin and coal~hlack hair. Her emo-
tional involvement with the play was ap»

be present for the staging of his play. She
said that last fall she was approached by the
chairman of the theatre and French depart-
ments to direct one of lonesco's plays for his
two week residency at SUNY.

' She said she was chosen because of her

interest In French theatre and mime. Her ap-
proach to mime is "anti-realism." a common
element of loriesco's plays of the absurd.

Although Valis had successfully directed
only one other play a few years ago. she Was
undaunted by her lack of broad directing ex-
perience.

"i wasn't frightened ~— I was intrigued. i
knew i could learn a lot. and [would do the
best I could." She described her approach as
the “babes in the Woods" technique. trusting
her Instincts to guide her.

Choosing the play was left to Valis. She
said she was in a cycle oi reading all of
lonesco's plays and essays. When she read
Victims of Duty. she had a real “gut reac-
lion."

“i fell raped by the play. Tire rnain
cliatacter ol Cliouherl was raped. Whenever
I lrrst my looting in working with the play. i
went back to this imltal feeling."

in the play. Clioubert is the innocent vic-
tim of a detective's intense interrogation that
sparks a spiraling descent into his suh‘
Conscious. which destroys liitii.

Valis Build the reading of Victims coincided
with John Lennon's assassination. and the
FBI investigation oi a local cartoonist for his
depiction of a bull's eye target on Reagan's
lace. She saw the play as a timely piece.
relevant to the present.

"i felt the play was applicable to the con-
cept of identity. with the outside World's at-
tempt to destroy you. The search for identity
and self is a strong contemporary crisis. We
can identify with Chouberl's search for iden-
tity in the play."

By the middle oi last December. Valis had
organized her concepts (or the work and
completed the prompt book notes. The play

parent as she responded to questions with was cast in early February. Five weeks of
animation. She gestured with her hands to rehearsals of Victims proved that a director

Especially with students. you irave to be able
to adapt. The total responsibility falls on the
director."

Valis originally wanted to use a lot oi
movement. but found it difficult. "There are
too many works." she said. “You can't move
and speak at the same time."

The play itself was the most troublesome
part oi her experience. "i was frustrated by
the play. Through the entire process I was
trying to understand the play. it's an ex-
tremely complicated play. and difficult to
make come alive because of the anti‘realisttc
elements. i went on my instincts."

Valis struggled with her own emotional

   
   

Scenes from “Victims o Duty”,
directed b Con-lance Valis
reaction to the play. The play ends wait a
murder. and Chouberl. who is stripped
mentally and spiritually. regresses into a
baby.

"The violence personally upset me. And
the philosophy went against my own. with
the hopelessness oi Clioube'rt becoming a
baby at-the end."

Director and cast openly discussed the
ideas of the play. “Thank God i had really
good actors." Valis said. "We did a lot of
talking. There were a lot of heavy issues. but

express her thoughts. and a dance-like mo-
tion of her entire bode emphasited lit.'i
words.

has to be pliable. they didn't get scared. A good process is the

cess."

"it's something i learned through the prov
sire said."\'ou start with ideas and

Valis was well aw. re that lonesco wiruid their you see whit the actors can do,

A_Gcod_Qmen

collaboration. i had a good cast who went
along with the process. The actors gave me a
lot."

Valis applied her choreography ex-
perience with to the blocking of the play. him

said she had a real understanding of line and
shape from her movement background.

"Blocking was the most challenging and
exciting part for me. The director Is like the
choreographer. except the choreographer
defines the movement. whereas in a play.
the actor fills in the movement." I

Being movement-oriented. she didn i
want to work with a set. Valis chose the
arena theater. which is a circular stage with
the audience surrounding the acting area.

Her interpretation oi the play incorporated
several original ideas. including the use of a
chorus of "shadow people" wearing black
masks. and a cornmedia dell' artc Pierrot
(the sad clown).

lonesco's presence on campus added [It
the excitement as well as the tension of
working on the play.

Valis said that lonesco attended two
rehearsals — the first one only ten (lays
before the show opened. “It was really scary
We had no sound. no lights. But it was in
credible. He really helped and gave us good
“crits” (criticisms). We knew our interpreta
tion was good. but he was helpful in bringing
the play as far along as it went."

lonesco spoke to the audience alter wat
chiitg the opening night performance oi Vic-
tlnrs of Dirty. Valis retrieved a small. rutiipl
ed piece of paper with scribbled notes from
her desk. Her eyes lit up as she qmited
lonesco's comments:

"ionesco said that he admired the direc
torial thrust oi this production. There have
always been an infinite number of wrong iii-
terpretations. and a limited number of valid
ones. This is a valid iriterpretaliorr."

Valis was visibly moved by lonesco's last

comnllment: “i can’t wait to get back to Paris

to dream about the elements of the play that
you added."

is Constance Valis dreaming about direc-
ting another play?

She stresses that she is a performer first.
“l'm a movement person. Directing makes
me sit too long. I won’t have tlrne to direct
for a while. But i will now have better em}
pathy for any director that i work with." .

Hr. 'lhorn Goes To Washington

he question is bound to come up.
g Why make a sequel? If the first film
was good enough. why not let it
stand on its own? The reason. i suppose. is

that lightning is more apt to strike twice iii the
same place than where it's never struck at all.

was that the center of evil was a child. The
main character was his foster-father. who
had come to grips with what he'd adopted.
And Damien. The Omen It worked on pretty
much the same pilli(l]1i~:. Usually. the good
guys are the main characters. Here. Damien

 

and his llunkies are the center oi locus. and
the only mysteries are who is the messiah
and is Damien going to succeed in his Hero-
dian attempt to have all the male children in
England born on the prophecied day killed.
But it is a sequel. and knowing the
premise before i went in. the whole thing
was pretty easy to accept. in fact. The Final
Conflict is a better movie than Damien.
which was essentially an updated reprise of
The Omen. A great masterpiece of modern
horror. no; but an entertaining yarn. yes.
Writer Andrew Birkin has somehow
avoided the unintentional laughs which
plagued Damien. or at least most of them.
Graham Baker's direction may be
uninspired. but Tire Final Conflict is a fairly
handsome movie. and some of the shock
scenes have real effect. A few oi the se-
quences. such as Damien praying to his
father. have a modern Miltonian ring. and
Neill's best acting usually comes when he br-
ings all potentially embarrasirig epithet-
hurling with more malice than mirth. 
Not that the film is without defects. Part of
the problem lies in a major subplot. where”
some militant monks. entrusted with thel
sacrificial daggers that can destroy the Anita.
Christ. chase Damien about in a series of'
blundered assassination attempts. This could
have been interesting stuff. but the Lord for
some reason has picked a collection of real

And if that isn't a good enough reason. the
even more inarguable one is uWhy not?" ‘

 

Jim Dixon

 

. The Omen was a low-budget horror
thriller that made millions. As the bad guys
(in this case the devil and the Anti-Christ. in
human form as a five. year old boy) won. and
the way for the further adventures of Damien
Thorn, boy Mephistopheies. was paved. Da-
mien. The Omen It was then made — a fun
but decidedly inferior sequel. with Damien as
an adolescent. being raised by his millionaire
industrialist u'ncie. discovering his niche in
life.

in The Final Conflict. Damien is back for
one more fling. An adult now (thirty-two. if
you get the significance). Damien is the head
oi Thorn industries, ambassador to the
Court oi St. James and itching for his
ultimate victory over the soon-to-come
Messiah. Damien. played fairly convincingly
by Sam Neill, is rich. good-looking. and has
political connections the Kennedys would
envy.

if this weren't a seqhel. i doubt audiences
would buy Damien's being the main
character After all. the horror of The Omen.

foul-ups to do Hts knife-work. ll Damien
didn't lose some of his omnipotence bit by bit
as the Messiah is allowed to live. they'd
never stand a chance. In one otherwise well-
directed sequence. tivo of the assassin—clerics
cleverly trap Damien atop a narrow stone
bridge — then noisily slam car doors at each
end to make sure he knows he’s cornered.
and then pull the daggers good and slowly.
so he's absolutely sure he's about to be stabbv
ed. Then they slowly walk towards him. so
he has lots of time to cook up a fast Satanic
miracle to defend himself. if the CIA used
killers like these we'd never overthrow pro-
Communtst juntas.

These flaws aside. the rnovle is fast-paced
fun with a good bit of suspense. The acting.
with the exception of Rossano Brazzi as the

Television programming con-
ventions will be " " ,, ‘ on
Sunday night. April 12. on three
local Independent video pro-
ducoro.
thorn-elven
their work at The Egg. The
program will illustrate an
artistic deviation from .
otandard alr inrc.

oynthoalzoro to
oqueeze music and motion
graphics out of electrons and
pholphora.

The reault. “light music" as the

 

  
  
  
  
  
 
 

 

head of the Catholic Commandos (who
never seems the hard-bitten assassin type) is
creditable. the technical credits are solid. and
the Satanic murders, which are what Omen
fans are really there to see. are generally im-
aginatlve. '

What sets The Final Conflict apart from its
predecessors is a new plot formula. and a
surprising candldness about the religious
aspects of the plot. which seemed rather
skirted-around in both The Omen and Da-
mien. We're dealing with the advent of the
Biblical apocalypse. and no bones are made
about it. Without giving away the outcome of
the final conflict itself. the movie actually
features a cameo appearance (much ap-
plauded) by Christ.

Tacky. but you've got toadmire their guts.
artists affectionately call it, in an

‘ " ' ‘ " of color and
form set to original music. Pro-
fessionally produced works of

dance. mime and entire
are dispersed throughout
the program. adding a
lighter touch than usual
televialon programming.
Teic Vision: in a 90
minute collection of 20
orkl. The videotape-
lll be ohown on multiple

 

Jociora. in The Egg Recital Hall.
Tickets are '3 and '5 and are
available at The Egg and Com-

 

munity Box Ofﬁce?

nne Welnor

 

 

' If...” 10. 19R1

’

irector Richard Rush refers to

himself as the “best of the two
' dollar hookers." harklng back to
his days as a self-confessed maker of ex«
loltiue 8 pictures. Back in the sixties. Rush
ound that he could exchange a low-budget
or creative freedom on movies like Hells
- ngels on Wheels. The Savage Seven. and
sych-Out.

 

  
 
  
 
     
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  

' I '

rm Dixon

His latest film. The Stunt Man, based on
aul Bradeur's nouel. one of the most ac-
lalmed films of 1980. comes out of this
raditlon. On the surface. it‘s a melodrama
»' oncerning a young fugitlue nonred
‘ ameron (Steve Rallsback) who finds
' imself taking involuntary refuge wltlr a
cute company [liming a World War l/llnr at
V California resort hotel. Peter O'I‘oole earri-
d an Academy Award nonrlnatlon playing
'[ ll Cross, the obsessive director. whom
ameron becomes canuinccd is trying to kill
lm. Rush loaded the fllnr with action.
mance. humor and spectacular stunts —-
nly appropriate since the untrained
ameron is taking the place oforie of Cross '5
' tmtmen.
But The Stunt Man is also a thought-
rovoking exariilnatlon o] the uniuersal
uestion of illusion and reality. Fast-moving
ntertainrrrcrrt and intelligent films are. rare in
Hollywood. and for that reason. Rush/aunt}
‘ financing. filming. and selling The Stunt Man
’"'-"a nine year odyssey. during which he mode
= only one other film. turning down such pro-
fects as Rocky. Lenny and Kiute: He col-
lected perhaps one thousand scripts' during
this period.

But The Stunt Man was his obsession. and
Rush finally brought it to the screen. But
even with good box office results (where it
played). critical approbation and Oscar
norrrinotions. Rush is still trying to get it in
wide release.

Was The Stunt Man as difficult to make as
it was to sell?

No. it wasn't. It was challenging and
fraught with interesting and exciting pro-
. bleins. but it was a very exhilarating ex-

periurrce because the entire cast and crew
were very much behind the picture. and they
kind of took it on as their own personal
challenge and it almost became para-
military. like a comriiarrilo terrrn going out
and capturing footage every day.

Would you mind telling us what the
budget was?

The budget was. depending on which set
of figures you're looking at. between five and
six million. Had I done it .it a major studio. I
would have had a budget at probably around
eleven million. '

What would cause a difference like that?

A number of things. One. as soon as
you’re in a studio situation. you‘re dealing
with a twenty-five to thirty percent overhead.
plus department head charges. so you can
end up anywhere between twenty~frve and
forty percent just to start with. Additionally.
the production departments of the majors
tend to operate morelike moving an army
than moving a strike force.

I can give you one example which might
give you the clearest picture of it. You recall
the rooftop sequence?

Sure.

Okay. Before we started shooting it. i
(.3 realized l was lacking something important. i

wanted the air-to-ground combat — the
World War l airplanes over the hotel. For the
visuals. for one thing. but also because it
would help justify this single soldier escaping
from the whole War War 1. German.
Keyston Kop army single-handed. to have
British support in the air. it was a good com-
nrentary idea.

We called the FAA for permission. They

. V laughed at me.

 

 

 

 

The hotel had recently been declared a
national monument. there was also the final

approach of a Navy let base abouia mile and '

a half away. There were three of us on the
picture who were pilots. so we drew straws
to see who Would fly the mission and see
who would stay home and marry Jane. We
9‘" the name of the commander. the ad-
miral. commander of the base. called the
tower and told them we had his permission
to hind there. knowing that if you put a plane
in the pattern it would be over the hotel at
one point. i was on the roof with five
carrieras shooting sortie action when actor
and siuntrnair Chuck Bail came around on
the biplane and developed a convenient case
of radio trouble over the hotel. and did about
fifteen minutes of bombings and strafirigs
anti passes Giving me the tie-lit footage i
needed.

I expected all hell to break loose the next
day. because there was a certain amount of
press coverage going on on the picture. And
i never heard about it. We were very lucky.
and my recurring nightmare about the
headline that says “Rush Destroys National
Monument" ended.

But on a studio picture. there would he
reasons i couldn't have done it. The studio
would have to go to San Diego again. and
would have to deal with the FAA again. deal
witli the San Diego Film Commission and
the Chamber of Corrimerce again. i can
weigh it carefully. and say it's worth the
repercussions to gel that footage. it's an end
in itself in that scene. in that picture.

When did you start ntaklnthe Sir-called
“exploitation pictures? '

My first filrri was in 1900.

You were out o/ UCLA their?

Actually. I'd been out for several years
already. trying to get into the industry. l'd
lirially irttsr'rl enough money to do a black
and white. ir iw-hrrdget film. it cost about fifty
thousand .ill in all. and we spent thirty thou-
sand tn cash. It was called Too Soon To
Lorre. and we \irltl it to Universal afterwards
for aln tlll two hundred and fifty thousand; so
the (manners were very happy Willi their
five to not: return. and a couple of the
coins. who at that point had invented "'l'lll.’
New Wave," said that this was the first
Ann-titan “New Wave " So it got sonn-
critical ir-rogniirrin And I could work in the
industry iltttll their on. a. a director. As long
.is it was in low budget pictures.

Attil lllt'il in 1971 you acquired the "gills
to 'l'lll‘ Htltiil Mrlil'.)

Right And i llrlll inst finished Getting
Straight at (Tohrrnhrrr. which was their host
grosscr iii '71 itlltl there was a lot of Industry
attention III] that book (The Stunt Mon)
(Tolrrnrhra owned ll Arthur l'eriii was in
ti'iesietl in it. and a few other people. 'l'lli'l/
apparently \UillllL‘il tire to do it liecritise we
had just made a lot of money on Getting
Straight. which is a criteria for strrdios. aml
for me lll|.'lt,' was all iri'eststtrble rlielaplioi It]
the lit rvel (wasn't that fond of the now]. but
there was one idea in it. the idea of a fugitive
hiding his identity by posing as a slunliiraii
and falling under the domination of the
director. which seemed a marvelous way to
examine all of our panic; paranoia over cori-
trolling orrr own lives and destinies inside the
structure of a big action picture.

You were quoted it) one interview as say
log that l’eler O'Toole was your "first and
only choice" for the role of [fit Cross. Was
this true as for back as this?

When you‘re actually writing the
screenplay. you try not to lock yourself
down to one choice. which can be suicidal; it
makes the material so specific then. He was
one of the choices then. i was also at that
point toying with the idea of Jack Nicholson
because we'd just finished a few pictures
together. But he (O'Toole) was one of the
prominent choices then. it narrowed more
and more towards him as tlnre progressed.

 

 

'Sound V 33.1....

“The Best. Of’lThe Two Dollar Hookersl’l'
Aspects Talks With Richard Rush,

Once you had finished a final draft of the
screenplay. and you were'trying to sell it.
what were you doing day to day when you
weren't actually allowed to make a movie?

The way the system works here In
Hollywood. which is mind-numbing. if you
want to call the head of a studio. you put in
the phone call. leave a message. his
secretary gets back the next day. to Say you
can talk in two days —— it takes about half a
week to make a phone call . . . Finally. In
about ‘74. the mortgage was due. and i took
another picture at Warner Brothers. called
Freebie and tire Bean. it takes about a year
and a lialf to two years to make a picture
when you're starting with screenplay

development taking it into release. So that
accounted for a period of lime in the middle
oi that decade. Arid afterwards. when the

    

.

 

Richard Ru

'iPage 7:1]

t

Probably. yes -- or greater. My tendency
is to be much less — i don't know — there
seems to be a certain streak of cruelty in Eli in‘
the scene where he tricks Nina (Barbara Her-
shey) by letting her parents see the nude
footage. it's most Interesting though. that if
you were to ask Barbara Hershey or Steve
Railsback how they felt about the trick that
Ell pulled. they Would tell you they'd never
forgive him If he didn’t. That it's his obliga-
ttoii to get the best performance he can from
the actress and that he would have cheated
her out of It by not using that device.

Was The Stunt Man as much fun to make
as it is to see?

Biggest thrill of my life. Most exciting. in-
vigorating thing I've ever tackled. Although i
should mention that it was a very hard shoot.
We shot a good part of the picture during the

with Peter O'l‘oolo on the lot of The Stunt a

 

ltt'ill was on again because it was Warner's
lti'Nl iri- rssr-r that year. I would get oflei‘s. and
i would say “Let's do The Stunt Mon" rtgalli
illlil llll‘V were saying "Get out of the rillir'e"
and the whole cycle llrltl coinnirrrii'oil

I'lll' liltltilt' that [ill (.‘i'oss is directing Sl’i‘tils
to ho tr hitt‘tttt'lllty bizarre film. is it one you
might consider cilrt’t‘tlrtg yourself or is ii and
rtlli'grrttrirl (ii-nice? -

The film wrlliin the filtri is sort of interesting
in terms of “W View we get of ti fine of the
plri-iioinoirons that's always struck me as in»
turesting when directing is that my closest
collaborators. the people around me in the
irew. the cast. don't really seem to know
what's happening. And I think it's because if
you .iiid l are doing a scene together. the
iairieia might be seeing if lit a tiglil close-up.
'l'lit' lighting through the filters might be
highly contrasting and dramatic. But all the
audience standing around an se'es is a loose.
sloppy two-shot. 'l'lie ltglrting intensity is
much higher. and much flatter than it apv
pears to the camera. They don‘t really hear
the dialogue. because you can only hear that
througli'an earphone. and orin the sound
man and the director have earphones. and
only the operator and the director have look-
eri through the lens. So. usually in the pro-
jection rooiii there's "Oh. is that what it is."
We played that game in the picture once as
you see the rooftop sequence beliig shot.
more or less with Keystone soldiers. a little
farcically. and then you see a glimpse of it in
the projection room. with black sillouettes
against a scarlet sky, fairly dramatic.

Would you be willing to go the lengths that
Ell scents to be willing to go to to get a shot
right? -

heaviest rrritistrrrnrs in the history of Califor-
nia. ili flood conditions. And a good deal oi
that was the big outdoor stuff. which meant
we were up to our knees. trying to shoot bet~
ween the raindrops in sort of liellisli condi-
tions. lirit considering what we were after oti
film. nobody seemed to mind too much. So
all iii all. the riieinory of it is very pleasurable.

Curr you top it?

I don't know. i think everytirne one goes
out to make a picture. one is trying to do the
best lllili he's ever tirade. I certainly will be in
the future. l tlitnk that's also a matter of
perspective. personal jirdgeiirent. illu-
sion/reality. and the climate of the moment.

Do you have a project in the works now?

I don't. The big project i have in the works
now is finding my next project.

I have a quote in front of me which says
that you're long past Interest in the financial
bail-out on the picture — you're interested in
the glory. Are you sails/led with the glory
you've gotten?

i'in delighted with the glory the picture's
gotten. it will probably sound strange and a
little neurotic. birt at this point. the picture's
taken on a life of its own. When l'm talking
about the glory. it's not the personal glory. as
much as those characters tend to exist now'
as fictional characters in the world. l'd like to
see Eli's life extended. l'd be devastated if
somebody deprived me Anna Karenina at
this point. l'd like people to feel that way
about Eli and about Cameron.

'l‘hlo'lntorvlow canto about duo largo-
ly to the effort. of Mich-oi Fried.
Albany State" Clnolna and WCDH.
91m.

 

 

 

