 

M. -.:-

i
i.


t

 

 
  

... —..—',—,,—.,_ ..

 

 

[Page 6

Aspecu on Tuesday

 

Feb'ruary 17, 1931|

 

QoaLMtaeriLSIaushM
“Valentine” A Sheer

t was like my own private screen-
ing. Saturday afternoon, and no
one in the theater but me and a few
other adventurous souls who have ventured
out on a beautiful. sunny Valentine’s Day
afternoon to see what My Bloody Valentine
was all about. i had no preconceived no-
tions. since it had only begun the previous,
Friday the 13th evening. l eagerly munched

Kathy Kissane

on my popcorn Waiting for it to begin. feeling
like a kid again. The only difference being
that when I was a kid. the place would
have been mobbed and there would have

 

    

,‘

Lori Hallie: play. the tvplul, scored
and fury-eyed heroine.

been at least two feature movies, maybe
three Anyway. after thelprellminaries of
previews for coming attractions and such.
the movie began.

Set in the Immediate present. the movie
concerns itself with the rural town of (are you
ready) Valentine Bluffs and their annual
Valentine's Day dance. l mean what else
would you celebrate in a town that welcomes
you into the city limits with a heart-shaped
neon sign? The town is appropriately
decorated for the occasion and the visual ef«
fect is like being inside one giant gaudy“
Valentine Card. Not one parking meter is left
unadorned.

The population is composed entirely of 25
year olds. except for the Mayor. the Chief of
Police, and Mabel. who owns Madame

Mm

Mabel's Laundromat. and is the one respon-
sible for decorating the town. All of the men
in town work for the Hannigen Mining Co..
the town’s major employer. where 20 years
ago on Valentine's Day a mining accident
killed four and left one survivor, who was
buried alive for 6 weeks before being
rescued. It seems the accident was the result
of negligence on the part of two supervisors.
who in their hurry to get to the VD dance
that night forgot to check the methane gas
levels and . . . BOOM.

One year later, the sole survivor. Harry
Warden. returned to town and pick-axed the
two to death and sent their dismembered
hearts. wrapped In heart-shaped candy
boxes to the residents of the town. that even-
ing at the annual bash. with a warning never
to hold the dance again. All this Is done in
flashbacks and told by the town sage (the
bartender) to the disbelievlng young people.
Supposedly. Harry has since been confined
to the neighboring insane asylum. or so
everyone thinks.

So began the curse on Valentine Bluffs.
and the legend goes that every year Harry
Warden returns to town with blood dripping
from his ax. waiting. So far. nothing's hap-
pelted.

Return to the present and this year's an-
nual dance preparations. But strange things
start to happen. The Mayor gets a nicely
wrapped box of Valentine candy that doesn't
contain chocolate covered cherries. Mabel is
found spinning around in one of her dryers
(serves her right for being so tacky). and the

official proclamations is: "Harry's back in
town." The dance is cancelled.

Of course. there's the standard love story
sub-plot. TJ. son of the owner of the mining
company has returned to town after spen-
ding a year in California and wants to reclaim
his Sarah (Lori Hallier) from his best friend
Axle (like in a car). We get one tender love
scene between TJ and Sarah and one fist
fight between the boys. End of sub-plot.

The kids decide to have their own party.

Heart

out at the mine. since TJ has the key, but
Harry has other plans for the revelers. By the
end of the movie l counted ten corpses.
Somebody gets his heart cooked with the hot
dogs (ughl). and the majority of the others
get pick-axed out of exislence. The R rating
must be for the concept because you never
really see anything; a little blood; a lot of
screaming. Maybe it was for the four-letter
words everyone Is so fond of using. I don't
suppose I'd want my kids to see it.

there is a twist ending. and with the
massacres taking place at the box-office
these days I see no reason to make you
spend $3.50 to find it out for yourself. I'll tell
you for nothing.

Finally. our hero TJ finds himself face to
face with Harry. and just as Harry is about to
plunge his ax into TJ. Sarah pulls on his
phallic gas mask hose (I guess I forgot to tell
you. Harry is always in full miner's uniform).
and lo and behold it's not Harry; it's Axle. It
seems Axle's father was one of those super-
visors who was murdered by Harry 20 years
ago, and poor little Axle Witnessed the deed.
Presto, a psychotic murderer is born. Just at
that moment the mine shaft decides to col-
lapse and Axle. alias Harry. seperated from
the others by all that rubble. runs laughing
hysterically (accompanied by the audience).
down the abandoned mine shaft screaming.
“Sarah be MY BLOODY VALENTINE".

It's been the recent trend of major
American distributors to pick-up these low
budget. usually independently produced.
Canadian horror flicks; “stab ‘em/slash ‘em"
films. in the words of Jim Dixon. Most of the
actors involved are out of Canadian rep
companies or fresh out of theater schools.
collecting their first movie credits. Their ac-
ting consisted basically of stifled gestures and
what amounted to. in many cases. im-
provisation. i keep wondering where the
director. George Mihalka was.

in all fairness. though. the script was 50m.
posed of horrendous one»liners. that
regardless of artistic ability on anyone‘s pan.

Attack

actors or director alike. left little room lf)! .3).
tistlc development. Lori Hallier was t'otnpg.
tent enough; I hesitate to u5e the Whirl good
when the material was so bad. Let's just say
she did the best with what little sliL' had 1
Would suggest that writer John lltfriiltl try it.
come up with some original dialogue next
time. instead of pat. contrived plitrtstitg 0....
thing I did like was Paul Zaza's itlli‘ snug. ..

catchy. folksy tune that told thu lwientl tillllt.’
Valentine Bluffs curse. The rest iii lltL’ store
was standard motif stuff — SlJllllitft in”... 1.”

Pick of the Week: “Will you be my
Valentino?"

Impending doom and melodiuw ~it  {hi
the love scene.

There were beginnings of Ut’lii'.’ . if .ir,i
ror films are made of, but the; i.. -. .. 
anywhere. There was that \‘t'llt  -
associated with Harry that suddw
in the middle of the movie 'l'ii.
just never peaked. It was mot.
than scary. You knew what i-..~.
heart-shaped candy boxes. But -
was fun if you like that campy i .
stuff. 0

 
 

A Healthy Brel At The Egg

lbany theater-goers had a unique
opponunity last weekend at The

Egg to preview a musical headed
for Broadway. Slated to premiere in New
York on February 17. Jacques Brel is Alive
and Well and Living in Paris was well receiv-
ed by a slightly less than full house Sunday
a n.

Mr. Bruce w. Fox

The show is a revue of 25 songs written by
the Belgian poet Jacques Brel. who died two
years ago at the age of 49 It first appeared
as an off-broadway production 14 years ago
at the Village Gate. The current revival
boasts a cast of four members all of whom
appeared at various intervals during the
original off-Broadway run.

The show has been highly acclaimed in
the past for its beautiful melodies and mean-
ingful lyrics. Each song tells a story. and each
story includes a powerful message about the
nature of the human condition. Recurring
themes include death (“Funeral Tango."
“My Death"). fear of aging (“Old Folks."
"Desperate Ones"), sordid sex (“Timid
Frieda." “Girls and Dogs"). and hypocrisy
("The Statue." “Middle Class"). The funny

 

songs satirize human folly. while the sad
songs bemoan the inevitability of human
misfortune. The penultimate song.
“Carousel.” combines the sentiments of the
entire show into a whirling indictment of the
world as an amusement park. full of GONG“
candy. fortune tellers and cupie dolls." The
song gets faster and faster until the climax ar-
rives and the “amusement park" crumbles
from exhaustion. The final song. "if We Only
Have Love." is a last gasp of optimism. a
recipe for a betth world.

When singing as an ensemble. the current
cast consisting of Joe Masiell. Betty Rhodes.
Shawn Elliot. and Sally Cooke. performs
amiably and with spirit. The cast members
are all highly accomplished professional
singers with impressive vocal control. This is
precisely what makes them seem insincere
and stiff during many of the solo numbers.
Since each song tells a story. each singer
must create and represent a character the
audience can empathize wtth. Unfortunate
ly. the singers in the performance i saw
sounded and acted too much like profes»
sional singers to be believable as characters
The result was a collection of solo songs
delivered a la Tonight Show. Willi great ex-
pression and fervor. but little understanding

of the underlying meaning.

The frequent exception to this criticism
was Betty Rhodes. the short. red-haired
young woman who sang many of the more
serious dramatic songs. Her rendition of
"Carousel" was as stirring as any l've seen.

 
 
  

EMPIRE STATE
PERFORMING
ARTS CENTER

 

while her beseeching performance of “Sons
of" received perhaps the longest applause of
the afternoon

Joe Massiel was most guilty of being too
much a singer and not enough of an actor
Occasionally. in songs such as "Funeral
Tango." he tried to evoke a persona by sing~
ing through his nose and squniting his eyes
It just didn't work. For other songs. he seem:

 

V i 3051’ won-(A1-

     
 

2,
r!

E75

CAMP LdtTH FINAL
E 5.

is

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

AND TuAT were BEEN luau, AT can
’ . . :T v
 (SUhaEEM‘QWW Mame.
(.oocD'vc Beauom' ‘ Nll'“ '
MAKING n” in me
 _ v
$17
- it ,
/ ‘ 4] ‘1 I} _
.1 L
i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ed entirely miscast. ln “Jackie.” for in

he sings about how he Would like it ::

ugliness to be "cute. cute. cute in .t ~t .;i rim
way." Somehow i find his lan‘tt‘iil L. -~ Hm
convincing when the woman next '
nearly fainting from his good look».

Shawn Elliot. the second male ‘. .i
inoffensive and pleasant. My friend (Zimliii.
an incurable “Brel-head" who it\\"~ -. nual
bootleg Brel tapes and tripped .li.:- t the
performance. tells me that he mew
lyrics during one song Could ‘i.
Cooke..the oldest member of lltt' ». i~' -2
ed nicely throughout. Claudia ilii .iu'" ~lw
was "cosmic."

The major problem plaguing iii. ' - I'iv'
tion was lack of choreography l.i w
performers were capable of iiiliii 51' it!
which I'm not sure they new Iti-
numbers of microphone stands chm-i
stage rendered the idea iliiptissil‘li‘ .‘\‘ t!
was. the fact that the PCfftlililt'i‘ ' if I“
stand transfixed at the micropiiiiiitu  a! if
the time made the perforinnntii m' r’i
credibly constricted. Biel's songs to i- Mil
ten for French cabarets '7 iltut i-‘w'iil
movement. Without it. they can «it. v.
and boring. '

The show was presented its [hill
Empire State Performing Art (.‘I’iilt'i ~
York State Showcase series foi i‘N‘ ‘1
This is llli? Center's first season lli‘
events include the nff-btomlum trim
Vanities on February 20-22. rilitl llit ( N“
Shearing Duo on Februniy 22. imiii .ii ihu
Egg. Special student prices att- ii\ii:liil'll'

The Egg is an ideal place in we in div“
All sight lines are unobstructed. tilitl i!» liil‘
by looks like something out of "Shit lit’l\ " ll
is nice to see Albany becoming St)iiit'llliil‘.l t'l
a cultural center altrer all these yuan W“
hopes adequate public support Will it". iii ilil>
to continue. .

 

  

 

"or is

‘yt il\

 

l nit llit'
\tiii‘

 

 

i. .I...

: lllt'

.'\'i“.\

“i.ll~l

  

 

 

 

 

. .s .4 _.-W.

' lamary 17. 1981

.- --....._..»....— . .. . .

.e. a...” . . on us... -

 

A 4

I

 

'na'ts'

ednesday night at J. B. Scott's
'. marked the return of The Good
Rats to Albany. This was The Rats'

first Albany appearance this year and there
were many surprises in store for the au-
dience.

Doug Wolf

The Good Rats have been in existence for
a good six or seven years now. and. except
for a few scattered spots across the country.
are relatively unknown. The major concen-
tration of Good Rats fans is on Long Island.
This is understandable as they started out as
a Long island bar band. However. after
seven albums and numerous club dates and
concert appearances as the opening act for
larger groups. they are starting to expand
their audience.

 

 

 

' The band consists of Schuyler Deale on
bass. Joe Franco. drums: Bruce Kulick.
guitar; and Micky and Peppi Marchello on
guitar and vocals. respectively. Peppi is also
the songwriter for the grottp. Deale and
Kulick are the newest members of the band.
joining after the loss of guitarist John Gatto
.and bassist Lenny Kotke, who now Works
the sound board.

§orry, Charlie

' .-

lnfest 1.3. saws ,

The show itself was a showcase for songs
off thelrjust released album. Great American
Music. Two of the songs that really seemed
to stand out were I‘lcy Cold" and "Great
American Music Hall." Great American
Music Hall is a chronicle of the band's life
on the road and featured some funky bass
playing by Deale. As usual, the one thing

   
 
   

Poppl Marchello: New band, new
fans, new oonndo.

that was familiar was the detail of the lyrics
Peppi is noted for.

The Rats did get to playing their older
songs however. and when they did the
crowd started to come alive. “Taking it To
,Detroit" possibly the band's most famous

on'l‘ ‘

 

I

, .
tune. was the first song that the crowd
recognized and responded to with some
hand clapping and raised fists. For the most
part. however. the crowd was untypicaily
laid back for a Rats concert. This could have
been due to the lack of familiarity with the
songs. Screechy vocals may have added to
this also.

Some of the high points of the show were
“Mr. Mechanic.'"'lnjun Joe." “Coo Coo Coo
Blues" and a new song. "Rock And Roll
Point Of View." in which Peppi expresses his
love for rock‘n'roli. A very striking aspect of
this song was the lead guitar playing by
Kulick. John Gatto was an excellent
guitarist. but there is no loss by his absence.
Kulick can really kick out the chords when
he has to.

Peppi Was his old self as he and the band
played with the crowd. As usual. he manag-
ed to get all the pretty women in the house
on stage in a kickline rendition of l‘Yellow
Flower.” a humorous song about a girl with a
“flower on her behind.” The rendition of
"Tasty" fell a little short of expectations but
this was soon forgotten as Peppi. Mickey and
Bruce left the stage to Deale and Franco:
Deale and his bass were new in the spotlight
and they seemed to take off. Bass solos are

#14in 1

very rare, and the few times they are heard.
they are usually unimpressive due to insuffi-
cient talent on the part of the musician.
Deale however. had both the talent and the
stamina to solo. He impressed the audience.
and the only time i could see his magic
fingers was when he finished. The spot then
switched to Joe Franco‘as he took off on a
ten minute drum solo. Franco. who is surely
one on the most talented drummers around.
served as the backbone of the band as usual.

After over twenty songs the band reluc-
tantly left the stage. but came quickly back
for an encore after the audience got to their
feet and started yelling for more. Three more
songs. including "School Days." were
played and the band said good-bye.

The concert was an enjoyable one as con-
certs go. bui it did lack a bit of enthusiasm on
the part of the crowd and even the band ear-
ly on. The band finally did get going and this
started the crowd somewhat. The songs off
the new album seemed to be more refined
than the older songs.

The Good Rats are a fine band that is, un-
fortunately still maturing. It is sad that they
haven't reached a large audience yet. but
one hopes that with their style of lean. hard.
rock‘n‘roll. they will soon get greater national
notice. 0

than 'l'alses A Wong 'l'urn

harlie Cliatt and the Curse of the
Dragon Queen is a film so bad it's
beyond words. However. I will
strive to find words. so help me. This new

vehicle. featuring the legendary Chinese-
American detective stars Peter Ustinov. It is

Larry Kinsman

'mthe case that talented actors become
mired in bad material. but this case is
especially painful. Does my readership
realize that Peter Ustinov is not only a fine
actor. but that he is an outstanding
playwright. having once won the New York
Drama Critics Circle award for a work called
The Love of Four Colonels? Why doesn't
the man write a screenplay for himself?

 

 

The film abounds in the sort of jokes that
makes one wince. it opens with a brief se-
quence showing a recreated Chan investiga-
tion from the undetermined past. The scene
is made in endearing black and White. but
lacks all the qualities that made "the original
Charlie Chan series irresistible. We are made
immediately aware that What we have is an
inane parody. We are in the hands of writers

Back From h

who fail to understand that a parody is not
merely a cutsey imitation. Good parody
must have a life and an engaging structure of
it own. Clive Donner. the director. has a
hold only on the shabby.

Soon after. we move to a great mansion in
tha hills overlooking San Francisco. Roddy-
McDowall is sullenly dashing about In an
electric wheelchair as an Insubordinate
butter. The great Rachel Roberts is nervously
dropping dishes as the terrified and neurotic
maid. Lee Grant is the high strung lady of
the house who strives to get her young
grandson to eat his breakfast. Believe it or
not. this is the level at which the film wriggles
for more than an hour and a half.

The movie's villalness is played by none
other than Angie Dickinson. Angie gets to
kill somebody —— well. at least to try —— after
her unpleasant demise in Dressed To Kill.
Unfortunately. the best thing about the
Dragon Queen's character is her taste In
clothes. Dressed in a hot pink robe and a
multitude of pink head feathers. she wreaks
havoc in a Chinatown disco. in another
scene. perhaps the best in the movie. she
leads a merry chase in horse and buggy

Jerry’s Band A

or loyal Jerry Garcia fans. his show

0 Friday night at the Capitol Theatre
in Passaic, New Jersey was an in-

teresting display on the part of the band. As
many people know. Garcia is known for
playing long shows as guitarist and vocalist
with the Grateful Dead, He is not known for
the length his shows with the Jerry Garcia
Band however. so Friday night was an ex-

Ed Yule

ception of sorts. The band played two
shows. the first lasting an hour and twenty
minutes, the second over two tours. This
amounted to three and one half hours of
total enjoyment. '

it was once said that Jerry Garcia is a man
of the road. and this could not be more true.
it seems that when he is not touring with the
Dead. he is touring with the Jerry Garcia
Band or playing Willi various other famous
musicians.

Playing a variety of instruments since early
childhood. Garcia finally latched on to the
guitar when _he was fifteen. and has not siopA

,. ....___.___._

ped learning it since. He is a perfectionist.
and has recently undertaken learning his
guitar chords over again from scratch. This
perfectionism is visible in every endeavor
Jerry has undertaken. from architecture and
art history to painting and film producing. as
well as his famous guitar playing.

Playing with many different bands in the
early 1960's. Jerry discovered bluegrass and
folk music. These early roots can still be
heard in the music he plays today. although
there is a higher level of sophistication. Gar—
cia has played with Merle Saunders. and has
put out an album with assorted other musi-
cinns including Vassar Clements. entitled
Old and in the Way. on which he plays

banjo.
Warming up for the Garcia Band
was Doctor John. who plays

hm ‘n' blues with a Mardi Gras accent.
'l'ltlz'lkept the crowd relaxed as the 7:30 ceri-
cert time soon passed by. Finally. Garcia
.came out in typical fashion over an hour late
—— to a very anxious crowd. The screams of
"Garcia" and “Jerryl” filled the hall and
caused a wide smile to appgar on Garcias

' 1L Wino.-.......~........ .. .

while dressed in —— well. [don't know what it
was — but she had a great wide‘brimmed
hat and multi-colored capes and sleeves.
flowing everywhere. Now. i did say “a
chase." The chase scene is still a standard us-
ed by directors in trouble to add a little life to
a wheezing film. Here. however. i was
grateful for it. ~lt is the best footage in the
movie. in spite of the slapstick cliches. Angie
demonstrates the various things one can
manage with a buggy whip.

Richard Hatch plays Lee. the fellow who
never quite gets his breakfast. He is not only
Lee Grant‘s grandson. but the grandson of
Charlie Chan. He wants to be a detective
too. in the great tradition. but he is hopeless-
ly inept. No matter —- he blunders his way to
the bottom of things. He is engaged to a
young woman named Cordelia. played
sweetly by Michelle Pfeiffer. Hatch and Pfeif-
fer together are the best thing about this
movie. That's right — the chase and the boy-
meets-girl routines are easily the best this
movie offers. Hatch and Pfelffer are both so
adorable that they make their stupid
dialogue palatable to the audience. They
also have the one truly good moment in the

film. The Dragon Queen has them tied up in
a theater prop room with a crazed dog trying
to get at them. The only thing restraining the
pooch is a rope tied to its collar. the rope
runs through the center of a lit candle. Of
course. when the flame burns down to a cer-
tain point. the dog will have his way. Lee
suggests to Cordelia that they sing "Happy
Birthday. Dear Doggie." When they do. the
pooch melts Into affectionate Whimpers and
accidentally blows out the candle.

The film ultimately has a plot twist. but it is
a weak one in the sense that it uses a stan-
dard formula: the killer turns out to be the
one person. other than the romantic leads.
who is in no way overtly suspicious. Thus.
the Identity of the killer is quite predictable.

The film has no interesting music and no
appealing cinematography. It falls even to
make San Francisco look particularly good.
On top of everything else. it makes rather
backward use of Chinese Americans as a
group. None of this should matter very
much. An insipid film with pretensions can
be forgotten in minutes. The problem for
sensitive little me occurs when a film treats
grotesque and violent death like a mishap at
croquette. O

capitol Success

face.

The band quickly ripped through eight
songs including “How Sweet It is" by James
Taylor. and “Russian Lullaby" and “Tangled
Up in Blue." two Bob Dylan tunes which
really expressed the emotion and stylish
playing of Garcia, “Tangled Up in Blue."
really set the Capitol rocking. but unfor-
tunately ended all too soon. With the crowd
-as up as it was. there was a major disappoint-

   

,t. .
ment when the lights went on without the
band playing even one encore.
The second show. slated to start at 11:00.
'was delayed over an hour and a half. as Dr.
John didn't start his 30 minute set until well
into Valentine‘s Day. By this time many of
'the loyal fans were falling asleep and needed

 

a jolt of rock ‘n‘ roll to awaken them. Garcia.
it seems. knew this and provided the needed
medicine. The eye opener of this show was
the Jimmy Cliff song “The Harder They
Come." Jerry's voice and reggae rhythms
provided a very interesting contrast and
made the song that much better. The second
show. with two more songs. was definitely
better than the first.

After a short break. the band came back
for three more songs: “Dear Prudence."
followed by the Garcia classic “Deal” and the
wrap-up tune, “Moonlight Midnight." The
energy of the crowd peaked during these
three songs which was very surprising since it
was almost 3:30 in the morning! ' I

As i was driving back to Albany. watching
the sun come up along the Thruway. it oc-
cured to me that Jerry Garcia had opened
up part of his inner world to those who
would listen. if is the world of a musician. a
true artist, a man who really enjoys what he
is doing. and who affected all of those loyal
ears who appreciate Jerry's many gifts. Let's
hope he'll bring that world to Albany
sometime this spring. .

. .1—1¢4;.a....p'

I l

._ ._..;?:.:::=:'::‘f.-”". '*

 

