 
          
       
   
 
 

 

Y Wang"

 
 

. .., ".9.  tot” -

 

-. .. ._.._ "M—Hmwww ...... .—

t
t
t

 

YAC Champions

 

'A‘llottmerican
' page 19

 

 

 

 

‘Mareh 3, 198]

 

 

 

by Bob Bellafiore

night.

 

against Albany).

The ttarttc of tire gantc for Albany
was control. especially on defense.
Playing a tenacious tnau-to—man
defense. tltc Dattcs kcpt Potsdam's
two big guns — All-Americans lid
Jachim and Derrick Rowland — in
check for most of tire ttigltt. (‘ruard
Rob Clttne constantly hounded
Jaehim. and forced him to play
what was probably his most
frustrating game of the year.
.lacltim still scored I4 points (just
over his average). brtt lre also corti-
mitted seven turnovers and was

   
  
 
 
   

 

\ |

cam Free- Throws With 0:04 Left
G’iveﬂanes 60-59 Overtime Victory

POTSDAM '— Dcspitc a deafening Maxcy Hall capacity
crowd, Mike Gallo sunk two free throws with four seconds left
in overtime to give the Albany State basketball team a thrilling
60-59 victory over Potsdam in a wild-and-woolly SUNYAC
Tournament championship game Saturday night.

The win gave the Danes their first-ever outright conference
title (after two tics). and also granted them an automatic bid to
the NCAA Eastern chionals next weekend in Potsdam (see
Sports Spectrum), where they will face St. Lawrence Friday

Behind by one, 59-58, with 16 secottds remaining in the extra
period, Gallo, who hadn‘t attempted a field goal for the entire
game, and was 0-2 frottt thc litre (including. an air ball 1:03
earlier), drove to the basket and was fotrled by Potsdattr guard
Scott Franko. The basket was disallowed. atrd (iatto went to
the line. Blocking both the crowd nois - and the memory of his
earlier failure at the free throw line. the sophomore hit both at.
tempts. and brortght tlte l'cw Dane partisans to their feel.

“i could hear the crowd." (iatto said. “And I could also
ltear my stomach shaking. Actually, I wasn't so rnrrclt scared as
l was mad. They took a good basket away from me.

Leroy Witherspoon tried a half—court botnh at the bullet,
but it wasn’t even close. Albany had its first win over Potsdam

in three gaines this year. and broke the Bears‘ lo-game home
winning streak (the lust tlme they lost at Maxcy Hall was also

never able to get the llear running
machine itt working order before
fouling out for the first time itt his
fotrr -ycat' cttrccr.

“He lost ltis composttr‘e,‘ said a
very upset Potsdam head basketball
coach .lerry Welsh of his floor
general and two—time SUNYAC
MVI’. “lie got out of cotltrol ——
he's human."

Most of the tittte, .lttCltillt plays
like he's tnore than human, and in
l’otsdtttn‘s 64-53 win over Alharty
last month, he sltot a phenomenal

- «lets:

’Bear All-American guard Ed .fnchlm was frustrated by a tenacious Albany man-to-mnn defense in Satur-

7-8 and controlled the entire game.
But in round three of this duel het-
wecn two of the SUNYAC's top
backeourtmcn. Clune cattle ortt on

top and held him to a mere two sc-‘

cond half field goals.

"‘lie just didn't play the garlic he
wanted to play." said (.‘lunc.

Steve Low, subbing for the in—
jured .Ioe .lcdnak. stayed all over
the 6-5'/z Rowland. and held him to
l3 points (five under his average)
and only two rebounds. And except
for the five straight poittts he scored
at the end of regulation to pill the
contest into overtime. Rowland was
not tltc dominating factor he usual-
ly is against Albany. and fouled ortt
itt tltc overtime.

With these two unable to play
their games. Potsdam was held to
25 points under their seasonal 74
points per game average.

The Danes were also controlled
on offense, slowing the pace down
to their liking. and not letting
Potsdam play the kind of fast trun-
sltlntt gtt‘tite that took them In tltt:
number three national ranking and
a 26-] record coming into the game.
Meanwhile. Albany was patient,
penetrated the Bear's l-J-l zone
defense. and drew Potsdam into
early foul trotthle.

With Potsdam unable to rrrn. the
lead never got to he more than five
points itt the sec-saw game which
had siv lies and six lead changes in
the first half. as Potsdam led at the
intermission. 25-22.

The liears‘ maintained their lead.
and had it‘ up to five. ill-26 with

" continued on page ﬁfteen

w. '

day's 60 —— 59 Dane overtime win that gave [Albany their first outright SUNYAC title. (Photo: Steve

Otruba)

 
 

' amount ofany of Albany’s rcgttlar players, and he‘s not known around the

nference Title

may.“ . 1‘.  . w 7

“mirth-tun ,4-

 
 
     

 

I

Dane Ray Cesare covers Potsdnm's Scott Franko in a game earlier this
season at University Gym. (Photo: Sue Mindich)

Gatto' Merits Hero Role
With Game On The Line

POTSI)AM — He has only taken a total ofSl shots all season —— the lowest

conference as an offensive threat, so it was almost ironic tltat he would be
the one to go to the basket with fottr seconds left. and the Danes behind by
one to Potsdam in overtime.

The plan that was drawn tip was that lie would get the ball, and look to
pass to teammate Rob Clune, who would take the last shot.

“i kttcw if he wasn’t Open," Mike Gatto said, "it would be me."

it certainly was. '

Gatto drove on Potsdam‘s Scott Franko. who fouled the Dane before he
could get his shot off. Gallo. and tttost of the Danes. thought the bucket
should have counted, but it didn't. Now all Gallo hadIto do‘was sink two
free throws with the Maxcy Hall crowd of 3,000 screaming forhim to miss.

_ Gallo went to the forrl line twice before in the overtime. and came up
empty both times —- his last try fell way short for an air ball. But now the
game was on the line. so to speak, attd Gatto knew it.

“i could hear the crowd and I could also hear my stomach shaking."
Gatto said. “l tried to get the air ball out of my mind.

“After l hit the first one. the second one was easy."

The two he hit were enough to give Albany a 60-59 win over Potsdam.
and their first sole possession of the SUNYAC title.

But it's trot the first time Gatto has won tournaments for tire Danes from
the free throw line. In the season's opcncr against RlT at the Brockport
Tottruarnent. Gatto hit one of two tries at the end, and Albany won Sl-SO.

And when Potsdam beat Albany in triple overtitnc in University Gytn
this year. Gattu had a chance to win the game irt regulation. But his shot
frotn the side missed. and the Bears Went on to win, 71-70.

“I was really happy for Gatto because he could've won that first game,"
said Alhatty head basketball coach Dick Sauet's. “it's only fitting that he'be

  

 

the ltero." .
— Bob Bellafiore

 

 

1

 

 

‘4;  Senator Launche

by Laura Florentlno

A Queens lawmaker has begun a
"battle" to combat what he claims
is the “widespread and rampant use
of marijuana since its
decriminalization in l977" by in-
troducing legislation which would
make the possession of minute
quantities of the drug a crime.

“it is a battle. art all-out war to
save our young people before the
easy access to a bewildering array of
intoxicating and addictive
substances pushed on them by pro-

.‘1'

paganda and peer pressure creates a
lost generation of copped-out and
zonked-out kids." said state
senator Frank Padavan
(R-Qucens).

Padavan. chair of the Mental
Hygiene and Addiction Control
Committee. contends that the

state's 1977 dccriminalization law,
which made possession of up to
seven-eighths of an ounce a viola—
tion and not a crime has made the
state’s drttg problem worse.
“Dccriminalization, of course.

sends its own message to pre-tcens
and adolescents. Young people
have consistently read
decriminalization to mean legisla-
tion -— a green light to smoke pot.“
said Padavan, who is also the spon-
s_or of the anti-drug paraphernalia
law.

While presently the possession of
up to scvcn-eighths of an ounce of
marijuana is a violation which car-
ries only a small fine, Pndavan's bill
would make such possession a
misdemeanor.

 

  

 

Vol. LXVIil No. 1]

March 20, may

 

 

Although the bill would not carry
any jail or prison term. it would
mandate a sentence of
“adjournment in contemplation of
dismissal" (ACOD) for first-time
offenders. Under ACOD, ardcfen.
dant's record of arrest would be ex-
punged in six months if he or she is
not arrested for pot possession
again during that time. A second ar-
rest would follow the same pro-
cedure.

The proposal also offers the
court the opportunity to refer

’ defendants

s an Attack Against Marijuana

to prevention and
education programs or drug treat-
ment centers. .

“We don't want to throw kids in
prison. we just want to create the
proper legal climate for effective
drug treatment." said Padavan’s
spokesman John Kostas.

However, some legislators feel
that this proposal will not deter use
of marijuana and may in some cases
make it more attractive.

Assemblyman Richard Gottfried
COM/filled on page nine

 

State llnhcrslt) of New \ttrk ttt Alliilll)

 

W“ In Album hlndrul I'u-u ('orullulltm

 

 

 

by Judie Elsenberg
lllld Matthew Haddad

SUNY and CUNY students
throughout the state.will protest tui-
tion increases proposed in (‘rover-
nor Hugh L. Carey's amended state
budget by marching on tile Capitol
in downtown Albany this Tuesday.
Marclt 24.

The protest, which is being
organized by the Student Associa-
tiott of the State University (SASU)
and supported by the Student
Union (SU) will he lteld just eight
days before the April 1 budget
deudlittc.

“We‘re playing out the last hand
of the tuition drama now" said
SASU Vice President of Catttptts
Affairs Janice l-‘ine.

Proposed increases of $150 for
tttitiotl and $l5tl for dorm rates
would raise the cost of attending
SUNY to over" $4.300 for the

‘81»‘82 academic year.
“SU NY students are already pay-

 

He ‘.\ glut] lune f.\’ rem/veil.

ing too much for tuition, Fine
said. “Tile average cost of tuition,
fees, room and board for the
Willi-til academic year itt public
colleges nationwide was $2.542.
The cost of attending SUNY for the
same year was $4.000.“

SASU President .litu Stern charg-
ed that ('hartccllor (‘Iil'ton R.
Wharton arid the SUNY lioard of
Trustees were “selling tlte students
out" by refusing to seek additional
funds from the state legislature and
forcing the students to pay the cost
of running the university.

Fine agreed, saying “Chancellor
Wharton is ctttting SUNY's throat,
and it‘s the students who will
bleed."

An estimated 2,500 to 4,000 peo-
ple will attend this fully. which Fine
feels will be “the largest in two
years."

SU Chair .lllll Tierttcy is also op-
timistic about the outcome of this

Studen *

by Debbie Judge

A by-law amendment decreasing
the number of student seats on the
University Senate from 33 to 25 was
approved last Wednesday by mail
ballot.

The amendment eliminated eight
of the eleven graduate student
senate seats which. according to the
scnatc's Committee on Nominations
and Elections Cltair Kendall Birr.
have not been filled in recent years.

-- Eight additional faculty members

will assume those positions.

Prior to this amendment the
senate voted each year to retain the
student positions. However, accor-

rally.

“At lllc Fight the lrlikc rally two
years ago. 2,500 students showed
front this campus alone. and we
were successful in convincing the
state legi'latltte to reappropriate
$22.3 millit ‘l cttt out of SUNY’s
lttttlgct last year. liotlt llttttst-s voted
to restore the funds —— right ill from
o_t' ('arev's face.“

“We're shaping up even better
this year." ’l'ierucy continued
"Everyone seems ready for it.
There's no longer the feeling we
can't win."

.

The rally will hcgirt at it tt.m. itt
frottt of the Campus Center with
students matching on the podium as
the first step on their journey
towards the Capitol. A protest
demonstration after the match will
feature speakers including labor
leader Sy Cohen, Higher Education
Committee Chair Mark Allan Siegal
anti Assembly Leader Stanley l-‘ink.

? Students Prepare March on Capitol

 

 

 

 

Seats on Senate Decreased

ding to the amendment. student
membership can now be terminated
by a simple faculty resolution.
rather titan by amendment. Birr
said. though, that this is a “remote
possibility."

The faculty is also granted the
power. by simple resolution, to
reduce the number of stttdcnt
senators. or re-apportion the mix-
ture of graduate and undergraduate
student senators.

A simple resolution requires only
a 20 percent quorum of the voting
faculty instead of the current 40
percent quorum now required to
make a by-law amendment, Birr

said.

A second amendment. also pass-
ed Wednesday. states that the Ex~
ecutivc Committee would be cont-
posed solely of members who ltold
certain positions in governance, in-
clttding council Chairpersons.

Also passed is a resolution stating
that the senate chair will call the
faculty senators to meet at least
once every semester to discuss and
advise SUNYA President Vincent
O'Leary on matters of faculty con-
cern and to discuss issues that
should be considered by the senate.

The result of the ballot “scents to
indicate that the faculty do not

Board Rates to Increase 11% Percent

SUNYA’s University Auxiliary
Services (UAS) will institute an it
3/4 percent board rate increase this
fall. according to UAS General
Manager [3. Norbert Zahrn. The in-
crease, said Zahm, will offset in-
creased food costs and defrtty the
costs associated with a state dcci~
sion to charge all SUNY auxiliary
services a $2 million utility fee.

The increase will raise the cost of
a standard meal plan from $823 to

$920.

UAS President Dave Pologe call-
ed the increase a "break-even
amount" for UAS and said it was a
necessary action.

Pologe cited increased food costs
as accounting for $58 of the $97
hike per person.

According to Zahm, UAS was
also forced to absorb 200,000 of the
state imposed utility fee since it sup—
plies approximately 10 percent of
SUNY's food services. $124,000 of

this amount will be charged to the
quads and will account for $22 of
the $97 hike.

The remainder of the 5200.000
will be collected by raising prices in
the UAS-run commuter cafeteria
and Rathskellcr. said Zahm.

I Zahm reported that UAS's con-
tract has always contained a provi-
sion allowing the state to retract its
utility subsidy. but until this year
the state had not exercised that op-
tion.

Vice President of Finance and
Business John Hartigan said that
the state's budget originally called
for a $3 million fee. but was later
cut to $2 million. Hartigan said that
the school had held off the fee for

years. but that it could not be !

avoided now.

Part of the $97 bike will also
enable UAS to serve the more
popular meals with greater frequen-
cy, said Pologe.

want students on the scttatc but
want a place to regard faculty con-
cerns.“ SA President Sue Gold
commented. Gold viewed the adop-
tion of the resolution and the
amendments as a successful and
pesitive "middle ground."

The status of student senators has
been an issue since last May when
an attempt to extend the student
membership to four years failed.
Students lost their positions in the
senate until O'Lcary called an
emergency meeting to extend the
membership to one year.

,, Last February the Committee on
continued on page nine

 

He said increase is necessary.

 

 

