«T‘smzf: rm! ‘ -‘

g .

..¢xwﬁwmﬁn ‘ U  

gs, ham—a- ..

m -. _.c__.~..r..u.'tr.\V" .

 

'Wottld Capsules

 

 

Reagan to Make Speech

WASHINGTON. D.C.(AP) President Reagan will ad-
dress a joint session of Congress Tuesday night on his
economic prbgram. The president. who has not been
seen in public since he was shot in an assassination at-
tempt March 30, will go before the House and Senate at
9 p.m. EST. deputy White House press secretary Larry
Speakes said yesterday. His address will come one day
after Congress returns from a two-week Easter recess.
Speakes said Reagan's economic recovery program was
“a subject the president believes is of the utmost impor-
tance to the nation and one on which he believes he
should communicate in person with members of the
House and Senate at this time. He feels it is par-
ticularly important that he'outline his views as his pro~
gram moves forward in the legislative process." Speakes
said at a White House brieﬁng for reporters. "He is
eagerly looking forward to the opportunity to be on
Capitol Hill." The president’s last major speech was
also in the Capitol. He addressed a joint session Feb. 18,
giving his views on the state of the nation's economy and
his recommendations for improving it. Since he was
shat. he has been visited by political leaders and several
others. including two reporters, but he has avoided large
crowds and has not left the White House since he return-
ed there April 11 from his hospital stay. Speakcs said the
president consulted this morning with Senate
Republican Leader Howard H. Baker Jr. of Tennessee.
who visited him at the White House and also talked
about the specclt on Wednesday. in a telephone conver-
sation with House Speaker Tltomas P. O'Neill Jr. of
Massachusetts.

Lead Found in Atlanta

ATLANTA. Georgia (AP) Police say tltcy expect to
evaluate quickly inforntation from a civil rights grotrp
which says it has found a “psychopatlt” responsible for
some of tltc 25 slayings of young blacks since June 1979.
“I don't consider tltc natttrc of tltc information
something that will take a long time" to evaluate. said
Public Safety Commissioner Lee Brown. He did not say
exactly how lottg it tnigltt takc. He also said late Wednes-
day that police did not have cnouglt cvidcrtcc to arrest
anyone. The FBI said tltc information was “intportattt.
We will be checking it out. We are takittg a look at wltnt
We have." said Joltn Glover. special agent irt charge of
tltc Atlanta FBI office. Roy Inrtis. staff director of “lo
Congress of Racial Equality announced Wednesday his
investigators had found a “psychopath.” plus rt
“witness” who titcy believe could link that person tout
least six of the killings. He did not identify the witness of
detail tltc cvidcttcc. However. a newspaper editor who
spent five hours Monday intcrvicwing tltc “wilrtcss”
said he fell tltc person‘s story was “plausible.” “I'm
emphasizing that I'm using tltc word plausible. not
bclicvablc or anything else. bttt plausible." said John
Schaffncr. managing editor of The Atlanta C‘tnr.v/iIn—'
lion. “I wouldn't literally call this person a witness. brtt
it is a person that possibly might be able to shed some
light" on tltc investigation. Schaffttcr said. He would
rtot reveal tltc pcrson's name. the circumstances of the
conversation rtor tltc link bctwcctt tltc "witness" and
CORE's so-calicd “psychopath.”

Buffalo Suspect Studied

BUFFALO. N.Y. (AP) Law cnforcctttcnt officers re-
mained tight-iippcd yesterday about reports that a wltitc
soldier from Buffalo. now at Fort Bettning. 0a.. is rt
prime suspect in a series of slayings of black males in lht:
Buffalo area last fall. Although tltc soldier's name has
not been officially made public. records at Fort Benning
showed he joined the Army last Nov. 13 after four
blacks had been shot to death here and two black cab
drivers had been blttdgconed or stabbed to death. The
records, according to officials. also showed that ltc was
on furlough from Dec. 19 to Jan. 4 ——- a span in which
two other black men were stabbed to dcatlt in Western
New York and attacks were made on others. During tltc
latter spree of killings, one man was stabbed to death iIt
Buffalo Dec. 2‘). another was knifcd to death in
Rochester Dec. 30. and still another black man was stab-
bed in Buffalo Dcc.31 but survived. Police Commis-
sioner James B. Cunningham said the investigation of
the soldier is "the hottest lead we've had yet." Mean-
time. WKBW~TV. Buffalo, said a search Wednesday of
the Buffalo home of the soldier’s mother produced a
blood-stained jacket and a knife. Two investigators of
the task force that has been investigating the slayings
told a reporter in Georgia Wednesday that they arrived
at the base Tuesday and planned to stay for another day

 

 

of two.

 

tvnt 5‘

t - . T!

I I
Riots Occur in
BELFAST. Northern Ireland (AP) Riotch stoned police
and troops and hijacked cars in Catholic West Belfast
Thursday after the British turned down Bobby Sands’
request to see former U.S. Attorney General Ramsey
Clark and the Rev. Daniel Berrigan. Police reported‘ no
casualties and said the violence in West Belfast was on a
smaller scale than previous rioting over the hunger strike
by Sands. a jailed Irish Republican Army guerrilla
dcmanding political prisoner status and approaching
death after 54 days of fasting. The violence in Northern
Ireland had gone on for eight nights with police and
troops battling rovirtg bands of youths. It was the latest
outbreak in the long struggle between majority Pro-
testants and minority Roman Catholics irt this British
provincc. The IRA is fighting to crtd British rrtlc and
unite Northern Ireland with tltc prcdorttirtatttly Catholic
Irish Republic. Sands’ cycsight and hearing were botlt
reported to be quickly failing. The government‘s deci-
sion to refuse the tnccting with Clark artd Bttr'rigttn came
only days after Sands was allowed to see tltt'cc legislators
from tltc Irish Republic. Although sympathetic to
Sands' cause. they said they wcrc willing to try to talk
him ittto halting his fast. They failed.

Robbers Take $3.3 Million

TUSCON. Arizona (AP) Four masked grrrtmcn who
knew their victims by nicknames overpowered a janitor
and bank manager attd drove off with $3.3 million. ap-
parently tltc largest caslt haul from a bank heist irt the
nation's history. “These grtys did their homework.
These guys are pros." said police spokesman Mikc
Walsh after the Wednesday morning robbery of a First
National Bank ofArizona branch by tltc gunmen — two
in Halloween masks and two with stocking hoods.
Chuck l-Icntann. First National Spokesman in Phoenix.
said today that art audit revealed that $3.3 million was
taken by the robbers. Bank officials at first had declined
comment on the amount taken. although sources close
to the investigation had estimated $2.5 million was in-
volvcd.

Truces Set in Mideast

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) Another ccasc-firc took hold
in Beirtrt and Zahlc Thursday and efforts were trndcr
way to negotiate two other truces in Lebanon. Bill a
Christian leader warned tltcy would all collapse unless
Syria was brought to the bargaining table to end tltc
fighting that itas left at least 375 dead and 1.300 wound-
cd since April I. Israeli jets. meanwhile. skirted Palesti-
rtiart tutti-aircraft fire and fch rcconnaissancc missions
over Beirut artd southern Lebanon. Israeli frogmcn blew
up a Palestinian gunboat in the port of Tyrc. 12 miles
north of lllc border. The Syrians and Christians itt
Lebanon held their the after tltrcc days of bitter fighting

clfastu 

 

 

CAMpus Bniefs

 

Peace Week Planned

Tltc SUNYA l’cacc Project has planned several events
for Peace chk. to be held next week. Tltc scltcdulc
follows:

Tuesday. April 28: A slidcsltow. “El Salvador: Court-
try in Crisis" will be presented in HU 354 at 12. 1. 2. and
3 p.m. Also. at 7 p.m. there will be rt forum on El
Salvador in LC 1.

Wednesday: Louise Mchilly will speak on Knolls
Atomic Power Lab at 12 p.m. in Physics 129. At I p.m..
SUNYA Political Science Professor Peter Cox will
speak on the MX missile in Physics 129. Also. at 7 p.m.
irt LC 23. there will he a panel discussion on draft
resistance.

Thursday: Durtcan Earle will discuss “The Struggle of
Native Americans in the U.S. and Guatemala" at 12
p.m. in HU 354. A workshop on non-violent resistance
will be held at 1 p.m. in HU 354. The filrtt. “War
Without Winners" will be shown itt LC 2 at 7 p.m.

Also. tltc Peace Project will provide draft counseling.
set up a resource table and present Gucrilla Tltcatrc on
the podium every afternoon during Peace chk.

Luncheon to be Held

CBS School of Management Director Jayne Ross will
speak on "Power and Success" this Saturday at a lun-
cheott for women to be held in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall.

The luncheon. which is being sponsored by Campus
Crusade for Christ International will be held from
I2-1:30 p.m. Tickets for this event will cost $3.25 and

 

Wit-taro“

may be obtained from Debbie D__erlch. 457-4807. or
Denise Anderson, 438-0090.

iii

' 1n»'Beirut and in the Christidn city at ‘z'ahre. 30 milesto
. the east. The cease-lire. the 19th ordered by President

Elias Sarkis. took hold in Beirut at daybreak and in
Zahle at midday. Government officials said cease-fires
also were being attempted to halt a separate war in West
Beirut betwen pro-Iraqi and pro-Iranian Moslem
militias and another in southern Lebanon pitting
Palestinian guerrillas against Israel and Israeli-backed
Christian militiamen. Syrian troops. who police the ar-
mistace that ended the 1975-76 civil war between
Lebanon's Christians and Moslcms. teamed with
Palestinian military police to set up buffer zones in West
Beirut between tltc pro-Iraqi and pro-Iranian
militiamen.

Brady’s Condition Stable

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Wltitc House press
secretary James 5. Brady was irt satisfactory condition
Thursday following lengthy. late-night surgery to repair
a membrane leak which triggered a potentially
dangerous buildup of air pressure upon his bullet-
picrccd brain. Brady. who was sltot itt tltc head durirtg
the attack on President Reagan tltrcc weeks ago. was on
tltc operating table for ntorc than five hours Wednesday
ttigltt arid Thursday morning. Richard Ellis. a
spokcsman at George Washington Universtiy Hospital.
said Brady's vital signs were normal. “He ltas slept in-
tcrntittcntly through the night as tltc usual effects of
anesthesia wear off. but ltc is readily awakened and
responds normally to qucsrions.“ he said. Brady’s depu-
ly. Larry Speakcs. told reporters Thursday that the
40-year-old press secretary had been rctrrrncd to his own
hospital roont front the recovery rootn. Dr. Dennis
()‘Lcary. a top hospital official. said Brady had bcctt
awakc and “wiggling his toes" just after the surgery.

Hinckley Given Tests

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Joltn Hinckley Jr. accused
of attempting to assassinate President Reagan. ltas
undergone four hours of medical testing at a university
hospital near the prison where he is being held. a Justice
Dcprtrtntcnt spokesman said Wednesday. Department
spokesman John Russell said that Hinckley was moved
Wednesday evening from the federal correction institu-
tion at Butncr. NC. to tltc Duke University hospital in
nearby Durham. The tests. which inclttdcd a brain scan.
were requested by lawyers defending Hinckley against a
charge of attempting to assassinate Reagan on March
30. Russell said. He said he did not know the results of
tltc tcsts. artd Hincklcy's attorneys were not available
for comment. Russell said the testing took from 6:30
p.m. to 10:30 p.m. and was done at the university
bccausc tltc Iiutucr Institution does not have equipment
for a brain scan. a test which can be used to detect a
trrrnor and other disorders. After the tests. Hinckley was
rctttrrtcd to Butttcr. wltcrc ltc is being held for up to 90
days of psychiatric testing.

 

 

Volunteers Are Needed

Volunteers are needed to work at the 1981 Special
Olympics Area 10 Spring Games to be ltcld on Sunday.
May 3. starting at 9 am. at SUNYA's athletic field. The
volunteers will chapcronc atltlctes. serve lunches. assist
in running athletic events. and perform assorted other
jobs.

Irttcrcslctl persons should attend a meeting on Satur—
day. April 25. at l rt.m. at thc steps of SUNYA’s Gym.
For more information, contact: Special Olympics. PO.
Box 1980. Schenectady. NY. 12303.

Fellowship Announced

The State University Doctoral Council has announced
co-sponsorship of the lane H. Todd Memorial
Fellowship. which will provide one academic year of
full-time study during the dissertation stage of the doc-
toral program of a promising woman SUNY graduate
student.

Funded jointly by a private endowment placed with
the Central Administration with a 50 percent matching
amount to be provided by the feliow‘s campus. the
scholarship will be given to a woman student undertak-
ing a program leading to a doctoral degree in political
science. government, public affairs. or a comparable
discipline. '

Tltc endowment which makes the Todd Fellowship
possible was established by the Federation of Womens
Republican Clubs of New York State. In selecting a reci-
picrtt. SUNY shall consider responsible academic per-
formance. financial need. active interest in public af-
fairs. and career goals in public service.

The award will include a $5.000 stipend plus full
waiver of tuition. Candidates will be nominated by the
campus and the fellow will be selected by the SUNY
Doctoral Council. For 1981-82. the deatlline for receipt
of nominations from campuses will be June 1. I981.
Nominations should be sent to the Office of the Vice
Chancellor for Research and Graduate Studies. SUNY

PlazaI Albany. New York 12246

 

  

 

  

 

 

«ct-'3 ‘-

Aprll 24, 1981

Council-Ito Complete Budget

by Sylvia Saunders

Central Council is expected to
complete debating and approving
the 1981-82 SA budget next week.
according to Budget Committee
Chair John Suydttrn.

It is the ﬁrst time in several years
that it came up balanced. Suydam
stud. “There aren't any major pro-
blems with it. Most of the groups
are satisfied."

He said the biggest complaint
concerned the proposed elimination
of the OCA coordinator and a
decrease in OCA's funding (sec ac-
companying story).

I “Other than that, we haven't ltnd
mrtny complaints." Suydrtrn said.

Otltcr changes ittcludcd proposed
additional funding for ccrtaitt
“growing” groups. For example.
due to incrcrtscd ntcrttbcrsltip nnd
scrviccs. Prc-chltlt Professionals
Clrtb is bttdgctcd to t'cccivc $770
rather than $431.

The SUNYA (lay and Lesbian
Alliuncc may also rcccivc additional
funding (front $700 to $1.140). as :t
rcsttll of rt doubling of last year‘s
membership.

Three other items have ltccrt udd-
cd to tltc butlch this ycar. Universi-
ty Action for tire Disabled is

CUE Tries Advisement Reform.

photo: st... Kupler‘hu:

Frederick Vttlkwcln
Suid students must cooperate.

budgeted for 31.570 to pay for an
awareness week. a conference.
sports. programming and equip-
ment. '

Tower East Cinema (TEC) is also
proposed to be incorporated in tltc
budget. "They were always in tltc
red and taking loans.” Suydam
said. SA ltas proposed a $1.500
budget for TEC.

In addition. Nadir. a feature
magazine similar to Tangent. is pro-
posed to be funded. Previously. tltc
magazine received rnottcy front
Central Council’s emergency furt-
dittg.

Tltcs ' additions were ntadc possi-
ble by tltc folding of a ttttrttbcr of
groups inclttdcd itt last year's
budget. But Seriously Fol/ts attd
Popular Graffiti stopped
publishing. Tltc Anthropology
Clttb. Astronomy Club and Spanish
Club. all rccicviltg $100 each. are no
longcr' itt cxistcncc. Sailing Club will
be included irt tltc ()ttting Club's
budget.

Funding for tltc Frcc/c I)ricd

Coffeehouse ($7.880) was also not
included. Suyduttt said. bccttttsc
most ol its services have bcctt tttkcn

over by tltc ivlousctrap.

“We had to cttt tltcttt out. They

by Mark Fischctti

This is tltc second in a series of ur—
Iiclcs on academic utll'i.\'t’lllt’tll on
campus.

As evidenced in the 1978 Studcttt
Life Survey and tltc 1979 Commit-
tee on Undergraduate Adviscmcttt
report. udvisctttcttt at SUNYA was
considered insufficient by botlt
students and administration at that
time. How has the university
responded?

In March 1979. witctt Stanley
Schwartz became tltc rtcw Director
of tire Ccrttcr for Uttdcrgradruttc
Education (CUIE). tltc ratio of
students to udvisors was approx-
imatcly 400 to I.

“We have since sprcad tltc advis-
ittg load." Scltwart/ cxplztittcd.
Thrcc years ago CUE lltld six per-
mrtncnt advisors and five purtvtimc
graduate assistants. The number of
graduate assistants has bcctt in-
creased to seven.

Tltc establishment of tltc

 

f

by Bruce .I. Lit-her

vidc stttdcnts with an alternative ttt

lickcls and acting in a "bus captain

nearby cities.

Mayfcst weekend.

 

 

71mm”. .m-muyww'mmwrmnmmmaw mun-ma

“Getaway Buses” Will be
Chartered by SA Soon

SUNYA's Strrdcttt Association (SA) will cluu‘tcr “(ictuwrty Buses"
to tltc Port Atttltority and Roosevelt Field begirtttittg April 24 to pro

scrvicc. according to Central Cottttcii Chair l’ctcr Wcinstock.

Tltc SA-cltztrtcrcd buses will depart front tltc rtptowtt cir‘clc at 2:30
p.m. on Friday and leave for Albany at 3:30 p.m. on Sunday.

According to Wcinslock. n sitnilttr program has bccrt operating with
“ittcrcdiblc success" at SUNY Iiinglutmton all year. tllltl ltc cxpccts tltc
program to work as \xcll ill SUNYA.

SA will chrtrtcr tltc buses from (ircyltouttti to Roosct clt Field at a
cost of $800. to tltc Port Authority at it cost of $600. and will cltrrrgc
students rt round-trip price of $20 and $17.50. respectively. One stu~
dcttl on each bus will rcccivc rt frcc ticket itt exchange for collecting
." according to Wcirtstock.

11' SA consistently fills up tltc hrtscs. tltcrcby building. up till cxccss
cash rcscrvc. tickct priccs could conceivably be lowered. ltc said.

Wcittstock described tltc program as having “such potential" and
foresees "cvcntttnl expansion" of tltc service to Boston and other

The "Getaway Buscs" will not rttrt on vacation wcckcnds to prevent
cornpctitiort with tltc fraternity buses that normally opcratc during
these chkcttds. Tltc buses will also not rtrrt during tltc upcoming

Tickets will be sold tltrotrglt tltc SA Contact Office itt tltc Campus

semen

‘

rcgulttr (ircyhouttd and 'l'rztilwny

 

J

Albany Student Press -- 4 - t  - . ..

just weren't attracting people.
There were never more than ten
people there." he explained.

Other differences include a
change in the direction of Universi-
ty Concert Board (UCB). “Of their ‘
362.000 allotment. $10,000 would
be reserved for a small groups
linc." Suydam said.

small special interest groups who
wattt to bring itt bands will have to '
go through UCB. he explained.
“UCB would provide money and
expertise. Many of these small
groups don't know how to sign a
contract. This would gear the pro-
gramming toward small groups on
cttntpus and bertcfit students
more."

. .
. o .

Budget Committee Chair John So
7/It‘rt' are" '1 any major prob/cuts
In addition. movie prtccs are pro.
posed to remain at $1 for tax card
holders. Tickers sold to non-tax
card holders will be raisctl 1| qrtnrlcr
to $1.75. “Again.” Srtydrun sttid.

In addition. UCB would be allot-
tcd $5.000 to purchase sottttd equip-
rttcrtt.

Suydrtnt said that wltcn tltc corti-

ntrttcc rcvicwcd tltc budget. they
had cxtrtt rnoncy attd wanted to use
it ior' somctlting which would

dircctly offch students. As it rcsult.
AMIA's bond tttrmcy (cuch tcmtt‘s
cntruttcc fee) was dccrcztscd ftottt
$13 to $10. “Wc wanted to put
AMIA irt Iirtc with Wilt. 
Srtydtun said.

Humanities and Firtc Arts Advise-
tttcrtt Center. which has 10 faculty
ttdvisors for 500 undergraduate
I-iumanitics majors. and tire move
of [101’ advisement from CUE to
tltc IEOP dcpartntcnt have ltclpcd to
decrease tltc CUE sttrtlcttt-advisor
ratio to 3(X) to 1.

“We've been rtblc to hold our
own." Schwartz said. “but any big
change. like the loss of uric perma-
rtcrtt person. would be disastcrous.

“Wc'rc ttut going ' to grow
again." Scltwtu'tl added. “We must
do what wc curt willtitt ottr
restraints.“

Included irt (‘Uli‘s efforts has
hccn tltc establishment of peer atl—
vising. wltcrcirt strtdcttts ltclp advisc
fellow students. CUE has trained
students irt tltc political scicncc and
pic-law programs. l-‘urtltcr. itt con-
junction with SA. (‘Uli has
developed rt progrurtt to make pccr
adviscrttcnt available at me-
registration.

“It's taken time." Schwartz said.
“Wc'vc rttovcd on suggestions in
tltc 1979 report. Tltcrc is sympathy
for advisement antottg tltc people
making decisions." Schwartz said.

“We wanted students to bcrtcfit
directly.

cd.

charge of progrumtrtiug. activism

rcccivc $1.000 stipcttds.
“It's ridiculous to say students
"If you say that. tltcrr you'd also

Iton»studcnt irt cltrrrgc. “I would lot

jolt and guilt expertise."

city hall. “Wc'rc ttot just tryittg to

dcgrcc.

get closer and closer to being killed

 

adding. “What we rtccd is more in-
teraction with studcttts."

Accordingly. CUE is developing
an cvalutttion system which will in—
clude il testing of advisors'
krtowlcdgc uttd tltc administering of
qucstionaircs to ctrclt strtdcnt CUE
ttdviscx. Schwartz. said. The evalua-
tiorts will begin after fall registra-
tiort next semester and will corttinttc
cvcry scmcslcr tltcrcaftcr.

Wltilc tltc ttumhcrs problcrtt is be-
ing alleviated. frustration of botlt
students and atlvi'uors irt other areas
has hccrt a dctrintcrtt tnorc difficrtlt
to rectify.

“Last year we went to tire quads"
to ltold grorrp advisement sessions.
Schwttrt/ said. “l-lardly anybody
showed up. That frustrates the hell

'out of us."

Wltilc lack of student response to
advising efforts has frustrated ad-
visors. tltc difficulty in obtaining
advising appointments prior to pre-
registration has led to frustration
among students. according to
Schwartz.

However. “I don't see us in a.

L

touglt situation. Schwartz said.
“I'd like to have students itt ltcrc
more than just dttrittg pre-
rcgistration. to spread ortt tltc load.
I'd like to see a greater response if
we go ottt to tltc quads." ltc said. “1
don't see any barriers to ac-
complishing this."

Another major dctritttcttt to the
advising system perceived by
Schwartz and Dcau of
Undergraduate Studies Hclcn
Desfosscs is the ambivalent role of
advisors.

“Ol‘tcntintcs advisors are lightn-

n

ling rods for many of tltc students“

n

problems." Dcsfosscs said. or
they want ltclp with personal pro-
blems."

Complicating tltc situation is the
students' mixed interest in advise-
ment.

“Some students say ‘leavc me
alone'." Desfosscs said. “Others
say ‘How come no one is telling me
what to take?"'

Defosses added that the evalua-

iControversy Raised Over
OCA Coordinator Position

()riginully. tltc SA ltutigct cottmtiltcc proposed eliminating tltc Off-
Ctunpus Association (OCA) coordinator position. When the budget
went to SA I’rcsidcnt Sttc (iold. however. tltc proposal was reversed
and tltc position was included. Now. as tltc bttdgct awaits Central
Council's final approval. tltc position‘s future is again being challeng-

Ccrttrul Council ntctttbcr April Ctt'ay challenged tltc OCA proposal
on behalf of SA Corttrollcr Ira Sontaclt and suggested replacing the
non—student director with fottr student itttcrns.

"Tilt: position can be better done by fortr students at a considerably
lowcr pricc.“ Sontaclt explained. He suggested that OCA he cortrposcd
of ortc full-time student coordinator and tltrec student assistants. in

lttslcnti of‘paying tltc coordinator the $8.300 sultrry.studcnts would

dcttt. Why 1101 bring iii a professional for that job. too?” .
(ICA Coordinator Mark Dnnlca. however. said OCA hits to Itnvc a

’c to havc fottr interns. bill it would

he difficttlt for arty student working 10 to 15 hours a week to do tltc

llc srtid ltc has prtt itt its rttttcit as 100 hours it wcck. especially in
orgttni/ing tltc New Pittc l-lills Neighborhood Association.

"()(‘A can‘t fold dttrittg Easter urtd Christmas vacation." l)tntlca
rtddcd. “You rtccd sotnconc tltcrc till tltc time."

He said that lie has tltc background to deal with tltc corttnturtity and

explained. “We ttcctl to push tltc city's politicians."
Dunlcu is a co-fottndcrof NYPIRG and has been active irt local and
numerous national advocacy and political groups. He also ltolds a law

Tilc issue will be debated early next tvcck by Central Council.
“Every year we go through this." Duttlcrr saitl. "and cvcry year we

     

dam photrtt Lots Matt-boat
" with the proposed budget.

Suydam srrid ltc expects tltc entire
budget to pass witltorrt any major
complication. “I tltink we did tltc
budch with more of a level head."
he said. "We saved wherever we
could so we could give wltercvcr we
had to."

and outreach.

 

can't do it." Sotnach pointed out.
ask wlty the SA President is a stu-

cortvittcc student politicians." hc

 

—Sylvlu Saunders
#

tiott system being intplcmcntcd at
CUE should help everyone unders-
tand wltat is and is not required of
art advisor. '

Schwartz also hopes to improvc
CUE’s image.

"We rtttrst portray ourselves as
friend and confidant. and we must
dismiss people from tltc universi-
ty," Schwartz said. “We must wear
tltc wltitc hat attd tltc black hat; it's
ltard to wear both."

Schwartz also feels the CUE of-
ficc is physically unattractive and
somewhat rctnovcd in their base-
rttertt location. “We are buried by
our architecture." he said. though
admitting jokingly titerc is very little
anyone can do about it.

One further shackle on advise-
ment is the inherent responsibility
for it.

“in my own opinion." said
Assistant to the President Frederick
Volkweln. “the majority of the
responsibility has to lie with the stu-

conttnuerl'nn page thirlet'n

  

Wm"

