 

 
 

 <x‘1urizrpmmm»wm .w- v p

._..- 1-: ‘z’F-j'r-W

«r9;
x

  

 

 

 

‘ Stale Un'lvarslly ol New Vovk aI Albany ' Column canIL-r J79 ‘ MUD Wnulnuo

1-1-1-1
tidal—Latter from ed. (5m 457.3”:

0.K. what's worse-falling down a ﬂight of stairs, while bvgaking
.several precious bones anc,destx‘oying certain vital organs J.n the
process, than rolling from the stairs. out the door of whatevor
building you're in (provided you're in 0 building on!l presuming
someone is holding the door open for you), tumbling into the

Process? sure. You can takn n littlo more time to think about it.
had a nice little talk with Profnosor Colllnn of tho Engllsh

Department on Tuesday. Mo was working in tho Englinh Advisement
office at the time. Let me explain For those who are confused.
In the English Dept., you either choose an adviser among your
professors or you use tho dnglish Advisement office-you aren't
assigned to anyone. I hnppen to look upon English advisement as
a step above CUE. Believe it or not, I mean that an a compliment,
because at»1cast they have something to say in tho adviscmnn
center. In CUE, I View thn advisers as being compared to a—small
group of Lithuanian officials who arn uivnn lunchmonoy and an
official tour by tho novnrnmnnt. In both cases. each group has
two things in common: they arn better left ignorud and they are
insignif cant In tho oyea of murw(Hy apologies to all LithuuLFJns
who tano offensa.) ,

~Anyway. I urn tho Advinnmrnt office because oven though J_um
my own adviser, 1 cun't r111 in a program card unlcnc le wutohod
by an adviser. (I guoos thny want to keno no in chock just in
case I decide to paper out myself to dnnth on,thn spur of the
moment. You hover know.) Profcrror Collins no trying to hclp me
decide the propnr cournnc to take In ﬂy F'nlqr year hnro ul llhonv.
He tried to convince me to tnkv an upper stul English eDUIs: to.
help fill my elective requirement, an opposed to the courcr I
had signed up for--3hort Story. Froforrcr d>lllnr. I must ho
honest with you. I don'I know why I oir' up Fo- Ehut courco--
'1 have taken no nmny short story cournoo in this Ulivnrsi y that

  

    

 

I Can rocltc "Heart of -nrlmr n" in twelve Inn-mu '5‘ un " '"n
pcnplo think I'm a pct-Hy Imr m: Icuy. right?) Ifhrmccngrc I'll .
drop that onu-‘po Hnll c“): up t'lthor an upper Er‘vul cow-(:0 or take
aucnurno thal don't as much "practice" -l.n. You told m"
$.rol'onnor) rat to tnko tho nary way out, and you avphunj—N‘. that
it :1 your 11.31 your. ,Jakc th" must of it!" I must command you For
your pleading attempt to oriuoato m you ham-Inn to he corruc't. l‘n':

   
 

 

 

prepared for the outsldc would wlll.-n tlh‘y Loavo thr univcrn'LtY 'll‘”
.021in ntti tune in rm attitude that 1:: pr'nvulnnt in rtu'lr‘ntr'.' '
 think thnl. 1+ .c concoct to arsuno thul. if ovvryonn
ﬁrm“ Elnﬂ'.‘ more I/lll‘thl'llll" cuuroon, nvr‘cynno would ho. morn pr-n-
I‘JU’F .I‘Hl ".‘II‘I’P‘; ‘I‘I" Honoctly il‘ ‘ '

. ,... ,, ovorynnr' "If! do tlu." talcr‘ at cunt
(lazyvllrlf‘thl'lllllIITCOUV‘FO,0V”"‘y nonvlcrn::tn-~, anybn tho wowl'p' I-mulvlr-lt
n ‘ .In my 1. ﬂoor. "h" a" I '[)r("l(‘hin " ' ' ' ' ' ' I. '

.n I- r .- I"; .L Irm't know. (.‘ou -r. I.”

Ipnzl Halter. to mo no Huoh :myhoro but Oftr-lllr‘onnlly 1 ,‘I-l. r:n't'|-
. n .41. ..ny‘-.-:.', tukn 'It you want. enjoy, .I..vI Hon-H. lol ll-Ir- '
p'v‘rrplntrallon hlnn' pct you down. ' l

 

 

 

     

oodvand Ne

    

Dal. ‘I‘horn'n ’ ‘ -
hm" mum: chm: rntan butwr‘on howxlnuch timn In npr‘nt nturlyin,’ and
. n . n - v

      
 
   
     
    

‘ s‘lf‘aot and being trampled by several moving automobiles until youfre
‘ lc-E't, like a pile of dust, near a uowor, or tho SUIIYA prorelgistmtmn

major Complaint o." 5er many [moplr‘ is that studr'nt!‘ :u-rn't mloquatcly

to' '
ogrx‘nt playinn.‘ hoop ntudyinn. i think l'm u_ ‘mv‘lprt

- « ammunmhl. .. _

April 10,

 

 

Letter from Ed. 28.
In Week's Photos 2a.
World Report - 3&-
Hot Lick. And Rhetoric ' 38.
Me, Myself and I 3m
' Fruit 'I'rc‘c- 3a.
Needles And Pins 4.5m
Constance Vullu- 6&-
Final Conﬂict ‘ 6a.
- 1w. Special “H 58.
Richard Rush 73.
Diversions 8&-
meridian n 1 .“ °' r A '= r ’ ‘ (side vleW).

 

1981

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 

. Stars everywhere are clumo

Nobody knows why.

Conccpl.‘Jnnnne If. Weiuul'
‘ lelugrap/Iyrr’l"drew [3. Cunuf/
> Design 81 LoyUIILIfuhI-rl (i Elle/slum

ring

to have their pictures taken

Woody Talmud, once voul'lztdh
Yeshiva of Flalbush's Boy Most
Likely To Itch, now a CSI major
up from Waterbury Hall.

Fns/Ilmls: Hugh Carey and KIIIy ('lllfl'vfl Ilml
m _ 

 

 

 

 
      

I III/e hope-your 20 th BIRT
brings you the best of everything l!!!
You’ve been a great friend to usllll
Stay as terrific as you are! I l—
WE LOVE'YOUI!

‘ Janet and Marla

 

 

‘FIVE FINGERS OF DEATH’

Never Ending Action

WHERE: LC 2
WHEN: April
10th and 11th
TIME: 7:30
and 1 0:00
PRICE: $1.00
with Tax Card
$1.50 without

SA Funded

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
    

 

 

 

W10. 1931

i n h

There was a sorcerer who lived many lIves
ago In lhe village of Shiv. a Iiny selllemenl
lhal came under Ihe domain of Klng SImon
lhe lmperllnenl. The sorcerer enjoyed a
goodly amounl of acclalm for hls maglc and
wlsdom and was a lavurlle among the local
gentry who pald hIm considerable sums ()l
money It) perform aI lhelr various funcIIuns:
weddings. bar mIIzvahs. house-warmlngs.
elc. Only once had lhe sorcerer fullun In
dIsfovor with Shiv's mislocracy. Thol was
when he was sllll qulle young — under lhe
relgn of Davld Ihe Skepllcal. who was
known Io be a jealous and vlndlcllve ruler,
Davld summoned lhe sorcerer lo hls courl

WorldR ort r -K nn th '

Welcome to the Machine .

And we'll bask In lhe shadow of ycsler-
day's triumph. and soil on lhe steel breze.
Come on you rover, you seer o] visions.
come on you painIcr. you piper. you
prlsoncr. and shiwa

Did you Exchange a walk 0” porl In war
for a lead in a cage.

- h’ogur Wallcrs

Erlc Dnlphy and John Cullmne woke me
as lhe sunlighl sparkles (wllh lhe help All
some snow purlicles). lulu lhe mirmr l hulk.
searchlng for lhe cffecls nf mmlher ulghl of
booze. drugs and sexunl eucuunlcr. Lesler
Young. Bud Powell, Coleman I'Inwkins and
Dexler Gordon lake hold of my soul.
Thuughls of "Bird." Andrew HI” and
Charles Mingus race lhmugh my mlnd.
Slowly fluoling. I move from lhe lug uf sleep
and life,

I open lhe ice bux Ir) look I“ Ils couleuls.
Breakfasl lakes lIs [mm as l remove II from
the exlerual In llll.‘ Inlurnnl. The urge In grow
beyond lhe walls presenls ilself. Bull l res»
pond. Walklng up Slnlc put-.I lhe park. I slop
and clml wllh some friends along Ihe wuy.

l'm sllliug alone. looking in lhe Hllll (Inn
early for Ihe slurs) scorching lhe llL‘PlllS of
despair hoping lo lind Ilw key In happiness,
Telling myself I musl have buried II Ihcrc. I
dream nncc again of climbing green mmm-
Iulus II will make mollers easier lm you. I'm
lulil. l.lIIle do We realize IhuI our minds lln
exIsI.

ll l were In (llL’ zmd come buck lll Cdllll. l
would choose nnl In, Life is snmulhlng IIL‘VI’I
II) live again. Nu umuunl (If "rcwdlv" mu or
should occur. To have run Ilue race is nu
more lhzm whal we had In (ln l’npor (lrmms
burn. as my cxislence fades. pusl lhe llJIlIIS
and IIlllIuth.

l look forward In my denlh. lI Illll'l'h me
llw pence 1 seek. liuch day l sol Iu muliuu lhe
pmcuss Ill dcnlh. slmply by Ilviug. I'm over
whulmed by llus fucl. lbrenlhu my all not In
llvc. hul In die. I will fund qu In uplifl. bul

PchPECTﬁuc.

Solut '

one wlndy autumn nlghl. He came on hls

:wn volIlIon. The sorcerer appeared hum-
le.

"I‘ve heard many Ihlngs aboul you..

sorcerer." bellowed David Ihe Skcpllcal. His
voice was very Inllmidallng. The sorcerer
replied IhaI he. of course. had heard many
Ihlngs about lhe King. but for lhe Ills: of lnm
couldn'l flgure ouI whol Hls nghness would
wanl wIIh a humble commoner. Ihough he
was a sorcerer and reknowned for hls
wlsdum.

"You've caused quite a lremor In my
klngdum. I've summoned you lo dlscover If

rulher In downgrade lhe body. The hnrmr of
fear slnps cold nl my doorstep. I call for
denlh In cover me wllh lIs warm blankcl of
delachmunl.

The players on: In mnllon. Someone or
somelhlng, pnsslbly even myself slauds
ready In remove my presence from eorlh.
This Is nnl n sud Ihlng. bul ralher a joyous
event. How can I lake wllhuul repaying lhe
klndneﬁs? Is one body so much In sacrifice In
a Wurld ready In glve me Ils all? Beckon foth
each mumenl and lhe Iu5l end ll may bring.

The soIId lcullug of peace blows as n
foalher In lhe wind. Tossed againsl lhe rocks
never I0 break, never Iu find rcsl. Cnnsliml
mnllun bores me In tears wllh ils need It)
pass my way. Let iI all lake a backseat In my
deslrcs. Oh! Dear God. furglve me. l know
whaI lhey do.

Deep wiIhIn us resides a soul longing In
free itself. Am I overslepping lhe boun-
(lorlcs? Nu. nnl really. dusl taking Ihc libcrly
Io remember llml all Is uol mllk and roses.
Somehow Ihis dues nul sound right. Yel. if is
closer In whal we feel. when we fee. You
encounler lhis 5Irange vlbe Ihal lakes hold of
your full space. [implying you. Leavlng In Ils
SlL’ilKl lhe need In use lhe bathroom,

We can see InIenIIon. uul of whlch ncllon
grows. We can also observe lhe noluml pro»
cuss. of mind uud discover lhiu whul we have
a.) treasured is cssenllolly Impermnnl
phenomena pusslng by,

We (llSCUVul we (lun'l really need In ask
unyqu any quusliuns, illld Ilml we uccdu'l
lunk nulﬁide ourselves for lhe unrzwurs.

The power nf wisdom Is woke. us. In lhe
din-cl cxperluurc Ill lhiugs n5 Illey in‘e, ll
dispuh uur drowsy blindness. illanlIlg us In
live mlluar jusl L’XDI’IlIHlL‘L’ Ihe world from lhe
cuuruplunl reulm, Whol we call reaIIIy Is a
dream and n :ilIiIIlI)W of a drcnm dl Ihol.
Welcumu In Ihu “Inlu‘hluu.” imd whlch way
In lhc Run? .

 

you are worlhy of your repulallon or If lhe sorcerer handed each person In lhe court a
slorles abqu you are unlounded."DavIdlhe cup — Klng Davld lhe skepllcal, lhe two
Skepllcal leaned forward from his lhrone guards. and Ihe lhree old allendanls lo the
and shllled hls eyebrows. "Prove Io me Ihal klng who had been around slnce lhe days of
whal they say I5 Irue." John lhe Canlankerous. The sorcerer fold
The sorcerer. agaln. appeared humble al them all lo drlnk.
Ihe klng‘s request and replled lhal a perlor- "You mean lhls Is all you're golng lo do?"
mance such as IhIs was Imposslble al lhe mo- Davld Ihe Skepllcal Inqulred In accordance
menl. bul perhaps anolher day he‘could be lo hls name.
of more use. Davld frowned. "Each of you drlnk lhe soluIIon and you
“Very well. Ihen. Do away wIIh hlm." will achieve Ihe ulllmale goal of all men
Twu guards approached lhe sorcerer and dlspnsed as yourselves. ll Is necessary lhal
each look an arm. The sorcerer appealed. you all drlnk. for you are all wlInesses for
"You leave me no choice. slr. bul In do as one anolher."
you have asked. I wlll. however. require a They did as Ibey were lold. ln mlnules.
few Ihlngs. l shan'l fail you." lhe klng and lhe llve olhers began coughan
The king was delighled." Yes. anylhing, and Ihen fell I0 Ihe ground causlng an enor-
give lhe mnn anylhing he needs," "Suffer "mus “Ch” 1" lhe mu” Chamber-
me only a lIIIIe while longer," said lhe "Dealh Is lhe ulIimaIc for lhe lIkes oflhese
surcelul. Asking one of lhe gunnls for men." mused lhe sorcerer as he stepped
assislunce. he sIIrred lhe waler and pnwdm IIVL'I lhe budy of Davld lhe Skepllcnl and
mix wllh lhe wooden ladle and proceeded In made his way In! lhe palace dour. lnlo lhe
flll lhe slx cups wllh lhe snluliun The freedom of lhe windy oulumn nlghl .

Davldﬂmoka
The Fruit 'I'ree

We .uc cluldreu ul lhe Imus. Our furclmnrula lmvu gwcu Us .I luglu‘y lrnm lhe pnﬁl which
we musl llillVL'hl .nul cine luv. '

The hue IS lhu wuul which lived ulmusl Iwcnlv vmh nun. II was pluuhul In pour. flmly
mil ulul gu-w III upplcssively harsh t'lllllnllt‘h. unl uullku Ihnsu luuml luduy, The muls were
dclimlu bul llk'lL‘lllllllt‘ll. cslubllshlng llIL‘llth‘lVL‘N wulclv onuugll llunuglmul lhe soil In sup-
pml u hlIlIllg. lnuud limbud Iree.

'I'lnr cuvlnmmeul from which ll glew sow fII In pclsvcuh' and chop away all lhe Irvc. yel II
cunlmuud In gmw, lls bnmd limbs Slllll'll gmul .mu vuula Ill I-m-rgy which susldiucd thl Iree
Iluuugh muuy nl lhe xllldL‘k‘i. The branches grew Cl1l\l' In [he gmulul 51) Ilml slnmg wluds
could uul Inpple il.

Tln.l wnld lived for ulmusl A decade bul Illcd mlher suddenly The hursh clImnlc In which
II had lluunslwd held defeuled II. The rucky, bnrrcu snil clushud Ihc mnls and pulsuu had
Ianllmled Ils Inner wurklngs. The hulls; become blllcr and drupped nll rapldly. Only a dry.
gray Irunk remulnud wllh lls lew hare hunches sllclng lhe slurlle an. 7
And III-me lrulls whlch drnppucl nil? 'l‘huy nulch un lhe un-uud. an Impwuwd wllh“):
vasl scnpu of lhe dead landscape Ihcy wurshlppud. They sln we Iu gruw In II. In become jusl
llke II. In emulnlu II. These llllle Seedlings are lhe gnarled. sluulud llllle planls‘we see Inday
which lIIIer lhe landscape, They are nu more alive Ilmn Ilu! slime Illey have grown from.
There wuw a few of lhe lruIIs which did nul ml. They have preserved lhemselvus
Ihmughnul lhe dank decode and are plupmcd fur unulhm challenge since lhe cllmnle has
gluwu colder. Yel Illey will probably nnl gmw in lhe some way. The soil has Changed "5 col-
or and has grown more deadly. Any new buds. lrum lhe nld lrue'wlll be Inm away by lhe
couinc quds bufnru lhe scedllng has lukeu firm mul. Even if H did manage In survlve. Ihe
hull \vuuld uul spread In a gunenlllun of confusion and bIIluruuss. '

We children du unl realize how pulluled uur garden is. We may fmllc ln lhe hazy sun and
sluwlv ml. believing lhul il is rIghI Ill be as dead as lhe sull and blend rlghl in. And Ihe Irusl
we how Iuhcrilcd: uur responsibilin In lhe free-dwellers ul lhe palsl. Ilml's slipping from mu
grasp. The hull wuuls il lluu way. perhaps even coupling nu ll. Ful if unulher Iree grows lll'.’
wuy II dud lIl lhe pusl. lhe sull may be defuuled. And whul n cuslly hluw Ihal would bu‘.

”
Mme
Me, Myself, And I

Have yuu always dreamed of Inc-cling Ihc perfecl person? One whom you can Irusl Im‘
pIIcIIIy, IIIIL' who ynu cam share your Ihnughls and values wllh? Well. you can do lusl lhaI
wilh Illis lumdy dandy guide In finding .1 new bcsl friend. FII‘sI and mnsl impurIanl Is Where
In luuk. In Ilu.’ minor. dummy. in lhe minor. Ynu knnw. Ihal person you wake up wllh
every muming and sleep wllh every nighl. lulmduce yourself. because chances are you
lmveu'I really mel. Sell. this is me —- me. IhIs Is your sell.
Nuw lhol you've been formally Inlruducud. why Iluu‘l you guys gel Ingelher for a whllc
and go off sulnuwhcru alone? Take a walk nmuudPerlmeler Road at dusk, ()I go Io Thal-
chcr Pink and climb sumo mcks. or ride a bike. Almusl nnylhing you like to do Is okay as
lung us you are alone
One of lhe musl Impurlanl llIIngs you have In do Is cnnfmul your 5qu wilh lhe lncls. Don'l
be lmshlul and Llnn'l lic. Face up In all lhuse facel5 nf your persunullly IhoI you've been Iry-
Ing I!) hide. Come (III, I know "'5 Inugh. bul dn ll. Tell your real welghl. admll Ihal you real}
ly huIe uccnunling. than you love In ocl. imd Confess lhle you really hale golng II) crowded
bars on Sulurduy IIlQlllh.
You may nul like lhe person you mecl. They mlghl be lazy. uul of shape. Immoral or a
cunnnunisl. However, do Iml glve up. They mlghl nlsn lull greal jokes, or who great
pnelry. Your new pm] Is willlng lo help you deal wllh your shurlcumlngs and pralsc your
singing In lhe shower wllh wIId ncclalm! Tell hlm/hcr all nboul yourself and see what he/she
has In say. One lhiug Ihal's real Impnrleml Io keep In mInd Is Ihol your self (luesn'l care
whelher ynu are [m or Illin, and II doesn'l cure If you gel A's nr C's. and mosl lmporlanl Il
cuuldn'l care less whnl anyone else lhlnks.
Now Ihnl you've lmrned .1 MI uboul each olhcr. remember that keeping o friend is hard
work. Make lime every day In spend wllh yourself. The shower al 8:00 (mu. duesn'l counl.
.md uullher dues lending n qullmnk or WillL‘lllllQ T.V. Some good ways In keep In Iouch
wllh youl self are keeping n (lim‘y, nr hnnglng nul anywhere olnnv where Il's very quiel.
If you keep III II you'll lllILl the busl frlund you've ever had. lI'Il shmv Inn. you'll be more
sulfhhslu'ed and much mum mulure. You know how lhe old snylng 51005. you're gonna be
Ingcllwr [or a lung lime 5n you mlghl us we“ learn Io appreciate cocll nlhur. 5n qull hiding
‘ ~ «ms and Inky yourself uul fur a walk In Ihu
..

 

 

  

  

‘L

hInd your InsecurIIius. hﬂngvups. In' In
I‘uln. You'll be glad you dld.

7
P.

        

 

 

.I.:... 91:411.- 1.  .2

         

 

 

JIPagej’ .

