 

.m..._._. - a.-.“ .

 

. t. as my.“ k._.,..,_ NE...“

 

 

    
       
     
    
    

 
  

   
 

    
   
 
 
  
 
   
    
  
    
 
 
 

 
 
 
    
   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘Students Must Pay:

Wharton Logic

Klin Welner

The purpose of the state university
system is to provide low cost education to
New York state residents. The idea being
that higher eduation would become affor-
dable to those who could not otherwise pay
for an education at all. The proposed in—
erases in fees for SUNY will drive its cost
over $4341). This will reduce accessibility to
the school and make education a luxury for
only the rich. Such an occurrence will
undermine the purpose fot which SUNY
was «aired.

This situation that we have now been.

placed in is a result of the misjudgements
that the chancellor and board of trustees
hate made. They, in conjunction with the
governor. hate allowed SUNY to bear an
ever increasing burden in ﬁnancing the
school system.

This year with the proposed tuition in-
crease of SlSO. supplemented by increases
in room rates of $150 and board. SUNY
will be providing more additional funds to
the school than the state. SUNY will
generate $53 million this year as compared
to only $39 million by the state.The idea of
public higher education is that the state will
subsidize the greater part of the school's ex—
penses. Howet er this is no longer true. The
chancellor in asking for a tuition hike and
has continually ct aded his mission of keep-
ing SUNY a low cost high quality institu-
tion. He. has acted to soon in his request.
Wharton should hate gone to the
legislature seeking the additional funds of
$3) million so that the tuition hike would be
untvxessaty. But he has chosen not to. An
examination of the past ‘i‘i inlct that he

has one: mm tnin Wharton \osk.
( >r:znuall_t -:~-:.' the past years tn:
thanctJo' has ,‘”O\Cn to be insensitiie to
student needs. He has constantly atoided
pm; 50 th: L‘gtslelurc to seek additional
-. Instead. he has chosen to pan
’ Hts rationali/a-

take llx than: nd
-,ht;.. ‘i’:: in l9 9, a
. the chanceilor
yin-misc and accept“! a
In that year, howeter. the
-t srcnt SIS million to build a domed
stadium in Syracuse. This seems to prme
‘hal :11: state has :‘n-: money for tthat it
deems as a p-zo'ity. SL’NY is a priority and
\\ harton should hate proten that and
fought for funding that year. But he decid.
ed to follow his faulty judgments and
SL'SY was stuck. In addition. last semester
lh’ chancellor decided to make dorms self-
to icienz. H:- claimed that this would pro-
mpt the state to giye additional funds for

  
 
  
  
  
 

  

 

  

...l“l?|

 

amdemics'. This generalization also appears
to be misled as we face another budget
deﬁcit due to the lack of state funding. This
year by proposing a tuition hike the
chancellor has made the same kind of deci-
sion. The students of SUNY are once again
being victimized by Wharton logic.

This logic of Wharton's is in sharp con-
trast to his counterparts in the CUNY
system. They hate stood their ground and
have continually fought and pretentcd in-
creases in tuition at their schools. But our
chancellor and board of trustees hare not
fought to protect SUNY‘s mission. This
seems to stem from their lack of respect for
student intoltcment in the decision making
process.

Rcccntly during ﬁnals week last semester,

Chancellor Wharton proposed the current
SISO room increase. By announcing his pro-
posal for increasing rents at the close of the
semester. then asking for it to be toted on
before many campuses reopened. he has
continued his policy of raising student fees
without allowing student participation or
discussion. Thus. illustrating his lack of
respect for student intoltement in the deci-
sion making process. In addition, one of
the trustees in opposition to student at-
tendenec at the mceting asked, “What
would your parents think of you cutting
classes to protest incre..scd tuition?" Such a
statement infers a lack of respect and insett~
sititity for students.

This attitude. which is shared by the
chancellor. has been cttdcnt in hit outright
rcjoetion of all proposals concerning SUSY
that one made by the Student Assembly.
wliarton has also tried to axoid student

opznmns in his scheduling nf the {our 0pm
meetings is :h the truslu‘s arc nhlicatcd to
conduct. Hc has made them at limcs‘such as
ﬁnals week and during our spring break,
Th9: anions dhplay \\ harron‘t apathy for

‘ and con-cunt.

Unis w: now face it a rgxult
of not just the Financial condition of the
state but the attitude of the chancellor.
Wharton has attempted to block students
from eont'ibuting to his decisions. Thus. he
has lost touch with the need of students.
This insensititity has blinded him from ac-
ting in accordance with the best interests of
tilt unitersity system. The result has been a
chancellor and board of trustees who hate
not fought to uphold the purpose of
SUSY. That is why this is more than just a
matter of concern about tuition, It is a mat.
ter of the infringement of our rights. The
chancellor has cost us off and has been
unresponshe to our needs. It is our eduea.

 

  
 

 

 
 

_________,___.___
Justice Prevails f

To the Editor: .

In response to Mike Fried's letter to the
editor on Friday. February 2. I981,. the
University Student Judicial Committee
{USJQ would like to clarify some of the in-
justices pointed out by Mr. Fried. .

First, we would like to address the issue
of parliamentary procedure. Judicial
boards at SUNYA are not required to use
parliamentary procedure. At the outset of
the hearing in question the chair explained
to all concerned parties what would occur
at the hearing, as is done before every US-
JC hearing. The witnesses were asked to
speak one at a time. Unfortunately this did
not happen, They continued to speak out of
turn and to talk among themselves while
others were trying to speak. This required
the chair to warn the witnesses that if this
disruptite behavior continued they would
be asked to leave the hearing. Luckily this
was not necessary, since the witnesses were
able to abide by procedure.

Secondly, and most importantly, to say
that “the board seemed to hate taken the
stance that the defendant was already guilty
before the case was ﬁnished being heard,"
is to do a grate injustice to the entire stu-
dent .l-Boards hate been operating with the
approval and conﬁdence of both the ad
ministration and the student body. Dean
Kirchner, Assistant Dean of Student Af-
fairs, has chosen to accept our recommen~
dations almost every time. This should say
something for the ability of the board to
serve as effective and objectite judges or
their peers.

Thirdl)‘. Mr. Fried's ﬁnal complaint
regarding the \agueness of Student
Guidelines, in regard to the tiolation in
question was totally out of come“. The

 

 

 

 

tion he deals with and we should hate our
say in il. We are (ill/Cﬂ‘ and more impor»
tantl). we are \Olt‘.“ tn this stare and (\u'
mice should he heard. That is '.\h\ ll is
nee-envy tor us to "rand (0';

  

 

t' on TUL*-
Jay. March 2-: and tall). tn front or" the
Capitol against the tuiton hike. ll we don't
— students will netcr hat: an et'fectttc
tort: in our education. \\e cannot allow
Oulicltb to he stepped on an} lonecr.
Sludcnls hate 3 great adtantagc menthe
chancellor, the board of lrUilL‘eN. and the
legislators because we hate numbers. lt is
by numbers. on Tumday. that we can tell
the legislators we will no longer tolerate thc'
dmtruction of our cdumtion. We will show
the chancellor that he can no longer closc us
out of the decision making process that af-
fects us. Sate SUNY day was successful
became we joined together. We must do it
agatnzlf we don‘t. in: will not juxl pat
more for education but we will be second
class citizens of this state.

lll’qba

” ~ . .
we M only swat”? 0W"- °U=¢w Aowsats, man‘s Au. ”

board does not write Student GuidelineS,
nor does it have any control over who is

referred for their violation. Rather, the

board's purpose is to hear alleged violations

against Student Guidelines and to deter-

mine innocence or guilt and. if necessary,

an appropriate sanction. Additionally our

decision is only a recommendation to [ht-
Dcan of Student Affairs. If either party is
dissatisﬁed they have the opportunity to ap-
peal the ﬁnal decision.

If Mr. Fried is unhappy with Student
Guidelines. he, like any Other student, has
the right to suggest revisions to Student
Guidelines to either the Dean's Ofﬁce or to
the Student Affairs Council.

Mr. Fried’s statement about the board‘s
uncourteous and unconcerned attitude is in.
nacuratc. The board handles C‘t’Cl)’ case
with the utmost care. We fully realize the
importance of a fair and unbiased hearing.
At the same time we expect that all concern-
ed behave in an appropriate manner. Mr.
Fried’s question regarding whether or not
he should stand when the board re-entered
the room after a brief recess was far from
appropriate.

In conclusion the board would like the
University Community to know that we
take our job very seriously and that we m;
by no means a Kangaroo Court.

—Members of L‘SJ('

Balancing Act

To the Editor:

As an Albany State student l would his
to comment on the student groups uh 7.
an: VOleCfOUSl)’ protesting the promyc;
tuition hikes while purporting to speak Jr.
my behalf.

Perhaps they don‘t understand inflation
Last year‘s inflation rate ran at about l?
percent. probably higher for the unite." '
with its high energy costs. At that rate
year's $450 semester tuition should n'
about 5510 next year just to stay eten. 
fact is we are payzng our bills with shear.”
and more easily attainable dollars.

Furthermore. these groups are ope:
under the assumption that it is an inh
responsibility of the geternment to pa
free or subsidized education to the
historically this is a somewhat rare p.i....,~.
which we are fortunate to enjoy.

lt is also true that. given cooperaz..-.
parents, any person of any economic std: .;-
in this nation has the means asails.
through aid and loan programs to attent. 7
quality university (sorry. if that offends v
of the Marxists in the Political & " .
department). Therefore. pleas of setcr‘
dent economic hardship do not seem pl..
ble. The proposed Reagan cuts in stud .
aid, as seen thus far, will do nothing :u
change this fact.

The SUNY administrators are not our
enemies: they are caught in a balannng
act between holding down costs and main»
taining academic standards. Students who
decry rate hikes out-of—hand contribute to
the lowering of our educational quality:
student leaders such as these scne on!) It
degrade the university. Perhaps the .. s'
has come for the rational students .1: tin»
school to interrupt their quiet progression
towards a degree and seize the reins of stu»
dent power from hands of incompetent-c

— Jonathan Miles

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

  
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bring Us Your Letters
and Columns

4 .llt'utlllttcs for letters untl culiittuts :In
“INN! [or it Friday itsue and Friday for n
'l‘ttt‘stluy Issue. Mutt-rial Illlhl he Iypt'tiril-
lt'tt. tlttttltlt~spitcotL untl include the writer's
tutth tttttl phone number. Aritiiiynitiut It‘l-
It-rs wlll tint he prlnlcd —- hnwcier. nuint-t
itlll he wllltltcltl upon request. I'll-use litltil
letters to under 250 words. Drop them all
It! "Letters" hot in (1‘ 329 or cull tht'
L_I".tl‘llurlul l'itjtcs Editor iit 455.6988.

 

 

 

 

 

 

"  " v ‘   '21,. 4..» W15“ 

 

 

 

 

“What I Did Over My
Spring Vacation" by
Sebastian Caldwell

Spauldlng Ill

 

 

 

 

 

 

Chocoholism
and other

obsessions.

 

Dixon and llouler

rnnlt two contenders.

See Vision.

 

“The Invisible Sex” by
Jane Dlrlts Clmlno

 

Man Who Shot «lo-u Jain-o."
SPECTrum line your weekend.

 

AlA'J

 

0n the bilge: “The Man Who Shot “to

 

 

 

.- t.- .i $.34}. IIIJﬂ’i‘III .5 '

 

   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
    
   
      
   
   
    
      
    
      
 
      
     
     
     
     
   
     
     
      
      
       
      
     
   
      
     
  

  
     
          
           
             
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
    
   
 
  
  
  
 
 

     
   
 

 

 
 
 
  

  
 
   
   

