  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.. -.- c u l «a :v. a I  mun-m.-t».cw..g-.....r..x« at. . ~ "v.1 wager.» ample» can?
' ’ ' M — ' '._ .; ;_-'-\- 3“."ﬂl-v .‘ I . . I
IPage sue soul-deviant. , “y. 1' 193? . Sound & Viola... .  . ,  . . ,. .  swag

 

tlv

Willie Ilile: Eclectic, Electric,

illie Nile is scheduled to be the
second act for Celebration '81. it
you're not already familiar with his
music. you're in for a real treat. Willie Nile is

one of the best new singer-songwriters to
emerge on the rock scene..Hls simple.

Ray ~caltgture

straight-forward rockers. and tender ballads.
have attracted much attention: Now's your
chance to catch him.

A native New Yorker from Ch'éektowaga.
a suburb of Buffalo. Nile began hlscareer in
Greenwich Village. where he played his
songs on acoustic guitar in small cafes and
clubs in the village. such as Kenny's
Castaways. which helped start the careers of
Steve Forbert and Carolyn Maas. Nile signed'
with Arista Records in late 1979. and releas-
ed his first album early last year. The record
was applauded by the critics. and Nile
became one of the year’s most promising
new artists.

Niie's talents are well presented on this first
release. Among the. best songs from his self-
titled debut are: “Vagabond Moon." a sweet.
lyrical. love song with engaging triple guitar
rhythms. “it's All Over." a beautiful and
tender melody. enhanced by Nile's soothing
vocals. and "She's So Cold." a witty satire
about a totally unreceptive woman:

Ulster Blasters

 

 

.f you don't get enough music at
' Celebration '81 you can go down
to J.B. Scott's Saturday nlgltt and
see a band that plays 'next wave' music.
“We call our music the ‘next wave'.

\xucnuu w don‘t swan khuw what it to." ex-
plninud Bobby Santiago DI the reggae-hissed

John Moran

Ulstafarlans at their last appearance at JB
Scott's on the 23rd of April. The Ulstafarians
play reggae and much more. They perform
their own material along with covers of Bob
Marley and Jimmy Cliff songs. Their original
.ongs range from reggae to funk-rock to the
Spanish influenced “Sombreros After Dark."
They also perform Stevie Wonder‘s “Master
Blaster" and reggae versions of Bob Dylan
and Beatles songs.

"We started about a year and a half ago as
a reggae joke. We were all working in bands
in Ulster County and we got together once a
week to jam and play reggae and this evolv-
ed from it. After maybe. seven or eight mon-
ths we quit our other bands to do this full

Live Fusion

 

She's always out walktn' when lt’s [arty
below .
She wears a big smile when. the cold winds
. blow
I] you try to kiss. her she develops a sneeze
On her next birthday buy her anti-freeze

    

 

Nile's songs are delivered with precision
and power by his professional four-piece

time." said Billy Bush
l’etkanas.
The members of the Ulstafarians do not
only like the reggae sound but they identify
with the social and political message of reg-
une. Politics play a larger part in their own
lyrics in songs like "Black Gold" and “Drums

in the Valley." Lead vocalist Gary Lyon
Wayne sings:

lead guitarist

Hear the drums in the valley
Do you hear what they say
Not like the Heartbeats of yesterday
Speak of a value both yours and mine
Speak of plutonium and the power line.

The Iuture can bring so much to me
My children can die from this energy
Between the risk and what it is worth
How could they compete with my mother
earth
No one competes with my mother earth
No one competes with my mother earth. '
'Copyright 1981 UlstaMusic
the Jamaican

Although similar to

back-up band consisting of guitarists Clay
Barnes and Peter Hoffman. ex-Televlston
bassist Fred Smith and drummer Jay Dee
Daugherty. formerly of The‘ Patti Smith
Group. ‘

Golden Down is Nile‘s latest release.
which he co-produced with Thom Panunzto.
They tried to present a bigger. fuller sound.
but ended up overproducing the record. The
slicker. polished sound of Golden Down is at
times pretentious. “Poor Boy" and "l Can't
Get You Off Of My Mind" suffer from ex-
cessive production and vocal dubbing.

The openlrrg of “Poor Boy" sounds like an

imitation of Bruce Springsteen's patented
sound. and is an unfortunate departure from
the raw, lean sound of the first album. “I
Can't Get You Off Of My Mind" Is repetitious
to the point of boredom.
Though Nile misses with these tWo. he con-
nects on several others. The title cut. a por-
trait of a beautiful call girl. Is ahgreaf rocker.
exhibiting Nile's .far reaching v0cals. and ex-
ceptional backup playing. Nile shows a flair
for storytelling: .

The hour is late. the smoke ls heavy
The drunken sailor is coming to
The whiskey's straight, the spirits ready
The boys in the back room are calling you.

"Les Champs Elysses" is another line

Rasiafarians musically and politically. the
Ulstafarians. being from the States. do not
follow the Basin religion. One of three per-
cussionists in the band. Cliff Mathis describes
this difference by saying “Rastafar is a per-
sonal belief for tlrum and they really feel that
spirit. 1 don't believe We feel that spirit yet.
That's another culture and we're another
culture. Right now the music is what we're
into." Wayne added. “So for this culture. the
Ulstafarians coming about is Jah (the
suprerrre being irr Rasta) workttig in
mysterious ways."

The Ulstafarians are a diverse band in both
their musical background and their ethnic
backgrounds. Reggae has brought this band
of a Mexicali. a Puerto Rican. two whites
and two blacks together. with musical
backgrounds ranging from rock. jazz. Latin.
folk. and swing. Wayne said. "i was a folk
singer for years. Then i got into old fashion
swing music and began playing a style of
music l called funky-country-space-cadet-
blues." He has only been singing reggae
music for a year and a half.

Talking about the growth of reggae.

Energetic

rocking tune. with Nile and the boys at their
best. Paul Schaeller is featured on
keyboards. and contributes a pounding
honky tonk solo that adds to the rhythmic
power of the song. - _

With “i Like the Way." a beautifully sung
ballad with simple acoustic accompaniment.
Nile demonstrates an ability to write effective
ballads as well as rockers.

Golden Down is a good album that rocks
harder than its predecessor. but still suffers.
at times. from overproduction. However.
there is plenty of good rock ‘n’ roll on the
album. Nile seems to have a promising
career ahead of him.

The best way to experience Willie Nile's
music is in concert. Nile is a versatile musl-
cian. who can play guitar and piano. And
with a three guitar line-up. plus the steady
pulsing rhythm section 'of Smith and
Daugherty. they put on an energetic and
entertaining Show. Nile has a llkeable
onstage personality. and a tremendous
amount of energy. which he releases by run-
ning around and jumping into the air. His
electricity is sure to excite the crowd and
make Celebration '81 a big success.

Saturday is a big day for SUNYA — a
chance to sit in the sun (we hope) and enjoy
an afternoon of good rockr'n' roll. Be sure to
get there early though ~— you won't want to
miss Willie Nile.

Vlith 'l'hat Upstate. Beat

Wayne said. “Reggae is getting bigger all the
time because the message is so positive."
When the band opened up at .l.li.'s with
Bob Marley's “Lively Up Yourself." the
crowd reacted very positively to that
message. and the whole show. The crowd
even continued to dance during each of the
three percussion jams. The band played four
of the five songs off of their recently released
EP. These songs come across stronger and
fuller live. to this reviewer. than they do on
the recording. Guitarist Bush said the EP has
been selling “a shitload" so far.

Besides Bush on guitar. Wayne on lead
vocals. songwriting. and electric/acoustic
guitar. and Mathis on percussion and elec-
tronic sound effects the other Ulstafarlans
are: Bert Robinson. lead vocals.
songwriting. bass; Peppy Pabon. Vocals.
drums; and Bobby Santiago. Iimbales. corr—
gas. vocals.

As for the future. Santiago said. "We
would like reggae to transcend into the
American music scene. as Santana allowed
Latin-American music to transcend into
rock."

Hetheny Swings At Page Hall

at Metheny is fast becoming one
Q? of the premiere jazz men of the
day. This is evident not only on his
discs, but also through the exceptional live

shows he puts on. And in their recent area
appearance. The Pat Metheny Group per-

Sahib & Birds V

formed iwn shows with equal vim, vitality.
vigor. versatility and vivaciousness. More im-
portantly. despite their occasional trips into
the musical stratosphere. the group as a
whole was found to be readily accessible to
the majority of the audience.

Pat Metheny is as home grown as his
music. which is intensely individual. His
popularity as a "fusion" musician has virtual-
ly exploded over the past two years as his
recordings have made their way onto the
turntables of jazz afflctonados and rock lovers
alike. Lyle Mays, keyboard player and co-
composer, supplied much more than com‘
petent accompaniment (not to mention ex-
uberance). but his solo work lacked the tonal

 

diversity and captivating style found in Pat's
solos. Steve Rodby. an lndlarr import.
played stand-up and electric bass.
predominantly. Though new to the hand.
there seems to have been no difficulty in his
adaptatiorr'to the Methenvaays school of
Composition. as he joined Dan Gottlleb (theI
drummer) to provide a sensitive and thriving
rhythmic backdrop. The man who possibly
stole the. show in his humble way was
Brazilian percussionist Nana Vasconcelos. in
a seemingly effortless manner. Nana lent
texture and a wide range of colors to the
band's music. His instruments were seeming-
ly infinite in number. ranging from maracas
and bells to his specially. the berlmbau. an
instrument comprised of a bow with a taut
wire‘ stretched oVer it and a hollow gourd at
its base. Throughout the course of the even-
ing's performance. Nana sensitively changed
his percussion palate. never missing a beat
and never seeming to try at all. This "man of
the forest" has the ability to create a whole
jurrgle's worth of sounds. ranging from bird
flocks to thunderstorms.

 

 

Three schemes of music were touched
upon by the group. The two new directions
that Pat is apparently taking are that of the
traditionally based and that of the synthesiz-

    
 
  
  

t}

ed. "Turnaround." an Ornette Colemtin
composition. was played in a swinging.
straight-ahead manner that cut right through
the performance as it provided a marked
contrast to the other material presented,
Pat's most recent recording. 80/8“. on
E.M.C. records. shows us much of this “in
the tradition" material as well as ollrer clean.
crisp material with two saxophonists. The
synthesized material Included a tune
dedicated to Ornette untitled "Off-Ramp."
which featured Pat on a synthesized guitar
set~up. A whole array of un-ramped tunes
were played in this same sort of mode.
featuring extensive use of synthesizers by
both Lyle and Pat. Tire finale. one of Pat's
biggest hits. “Across the Heartland." is what
one might call typical Metheny fusion,
However. in many cases. we are coming to
realize that the unexpected can be expected
from Pat Metlreny'. Being a relative
youngster in the jazz world. he's got a lot
more new ground to cover. and more
adventurous. more challenging and more in-
dividual material in the makings. . ‘0

stress '1' 

  
  
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

W

t's fast-moving: it's often clever and
above all. it's entertaining. The au-
dience has almost as much fun in
e.

     

' heir seats as the la ers do on sta

Bob Bellaflore 8.
" Sylvia Saunders

it works. '
But if you’ve seen a good production of

For those who don‘t know the story.
odspell is a musical adaptation of the
ospel according to St. Matthew. And in
eneral. Director Peter Bennett handles it
‘ ell.

The parables. told through a series of skits
' d songs. are handled nicely for the most
rt. Even a person unfamiliar with the
- ispel should be able to enjoy them

All the action takes place Center stage.
hich Bennett transforms into a circus ring
mplete with ropes. iurrrbling units. and
lloons. There are also bleachers around
I e ring for audience seating. to simulate a
al big‘top atmosphere Bennett has done
ay with the muslcal's original urban set-

9.

- Althouin Bennett's circus trim may lit‘ in-
.' ovattve. it is far from L’lfL'L‘ftVt’. Set in .r
~%mlliar place. theI r‘lownliln' characters lirst’
'n uniqueness and blend into the
ﬁackground. in the original urban setting, the
play was brought to the audience in an en-
vironment they could understand with tlrr.‘

Qne-Woman Man

~ Bare

f

(it? First Bare/(ml Dancer is a first in

[7 many aspects. it is the first attempt
by SUNY Albany Professor Al

Weiner to write a full length play. It is the first
time Albany is being used as a preview city
for a full-scale professional production that

Kathy Kissane

___________._—————-
will play to New York City audiences beginn-
iirg May 15th. it is also a first in that all of the
people connected with the production. with
the exception of one. have past or present
relationships with SUNY Albany. “l'm very
excited about this. as a lot of pebple are."
says playwright Welner.

The First Bare/not Dancer is a fictionalized

I - .

 

   
   

 

x.‘<‘c..4‘ .. .

Albert Welner. author of The First
Barefoot Dancer

«no»;

tli'CitllHl of two days iii the last year of lllt.‘ life
Duncan. our! of Arni'rrt‘a's
greatest and best known dancers 'wlro
strongly influenced what is known as.
“modern dance " "l tiered thr- i'vutits of her
lifei i used the ironies of tho [temple that she
ltjiuw and loved. but I think the similarity
ends there." says We'irri-r No attempt was
made to capture the character of Isadora
Duncan. but rather to'tell a story of a Woman
‘whir was a very. veryhruat artist. “Tire play
."lﬁ tibout disintegration with a triumphant
death." according to Welner. “in fact." coir-

of lsadora

‘qwrwspwms .r-..,..nv....a.~...:4r_—.: . . .

2.4. u

up?“

. ..... s m... w m, “gatigilﬂjr”. ;.

Godspell According To Peter

clowns standing out. The idea of the
bleachers also failed because the players
rarely acknowledged the on stage audience.
By the second act the once-occupied
bleachers were nearly emptied by disap-
pointed spectators who looked for better
seating.

But despite the shortcomings In setting.
there are several factors that make the play
enjoyable. A good number of contemporary
jokes and expressions were added which
brought the early 1970's play up-to-date and
geared it toward its audience. And just as it .
was in the original. the music gave the play
much of its appeal. Several songs were ex-
tremely well-done and well-received by the
audience. such as Michael Dale's powerful -
"All Good Gifts."

However. these strengths do not compen-
sate for certain difficulties which prevent this
version from being a top-notch production.
and unfortunately some of them are major.

From a technical standpoint. the lighting is
a little disappointing. The early flashing light
scene is so effective that one expects lighting
to be a major part of the production. it is not.
and the L’ltliiL’ stage is blanketed with bright
light. airceirtriating the gaudy costumes. lltiill
tire climax at the end of the play.

In general. the musicians were capable.

but they often overpowered the singers with.

their volume. And in the climax (the crucifix \

ion). rather than creating a sense of urgency.
lliL' music sounded more like that of .r rock
horror movie.

  

Peter Wilton.

way Bennett tries to turn Godspeil into a
vaudeville show. it becomes slapstick and
often relies on tired qulps and imitations of
Groucho Marx. Jimmy Durante. and the
Three Stooges. One exchange between
Christ (Joe Travers) and John the Baptist
(Peter Wilson) becomes more like a Bob
Hope/ Bing Crosby song-and-dance routine.

     
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
   

.1

  

Lian Ettlnger. and

But perhaps. the biggest problem is the H "l

tlnues Welner. "l. don't know any more
what's real and what's nol' real in nry own
script." 

Suzariali Scher. the actress who is portray
trig Ms. Duncan. is also a member of the
Theatre Department faculty at SUNYA. A
veteran actress of a number of one-Woman
Slitiws. Ms. Sclrer describes her character as
“a very elaborate woman. and one that re-
quires a lot of research for an actress.

“it's a period peice. that causes scenic and
costume designers to do a lot of research of
their owtr. lsadora didn‘t wear conventional
clothes and of course there will be the tradi~
tional long scarf associated with her — in fact
many of them." says Ms. Scher.

Another first that sets this play apart'from-
others like it is.the conventional use of that
invisible fourth Wall between the audience
and the action on the set, In one-woman
shows it is invariably let down. but not in this
one. Weiner says that he believes he has
discovered a new form of drama in writitrg
this play. "Basically. in order to have a play
you must have at least two actors." says
Weiner. "a play with one actor wuuld simply
be one long soliloquy." Usually what hap-
pens with one wrnnan shows is that the au-
dience becmnes the second actor. but in The
First Bart-foot Dancer. that is not the case.
Ms Scher Will not directly address but au-
tlienco. as she has done in her other one-
wuman shows llcr previous shows have not
been ('t riryentronal plays in the sense of hav»
ing a beginning. a iniiklle. and an rtrul
liaihur they wore | si'ellanr'ous stories and
anecdotes loosely \vovr-n lrrgt'iln’t and
Tl'lllli’ll by lltt‘ actress to the audience, "1
tlilll'l know of any other play that has only
tint- actor in it." according to Weiner “I'm
not bragging about the quality of the play."
ittltl‘r Wr-rnur quickly. "lhai's for" others to
ill) "

Afti'r‘ j‘ti‘t'Vtt!Wllig for five days in the Lab
fl'ln-aier nl lliL' Performing Arts Center here
on campus. The First finrrtlout Dancer will
move to the WittitlL’i'littilSL‘ 'l'lrizalrtl iir New
York City. located at till l3. 4th Street in the
city's Bowery district. The run there Is
scheduled for five weeks but is open-ended
in that it could continue for an unspecified
period of time if all goes well. Of Course. the

. a...“ m “Jaw-um“:

 

hope is that it will eventually move uptown.
"The producers (Clreruhs Guild Corpora-
tirm) are producing." gulps Weiner. “and the

show is being promoted iii the city right.

now." The NYC engagement was settled
long before the SUNYA preview was decitl~
ed upon. which truly makes it a first. Many
shows that have been originally produced on
the Albany campus have since moved on to
trigger and better things. but this is the first
time that'the NYC premiere has been a reali-
ty front the start.

Part of the credit for that realization can be'
attributed to the director of The First
Barefoot Dancer Director Peter Bennett.
SUNYA affiliate as a student (long ago). and
a guest director last year when he directed
the campus production of Samuel Beckett's
Endgame. Berrneit has accumulated an im~
pressive set of credentials He is perhaps best
known for his successful direction of the
original production of The Passion 0}
Dracula. which ran for 22 months at the
Cherry Lane Theatre. and earned him a
Drama Desk nomination for "Outstanding
Direction." and won him the 50er Annual
Arts Award (or “Best Direction of l‘)77-78."

L’ehaim!

“How can I hope to make you
undmtlnd what I do?"

That'- tho qua-Hon being naked
thla week by Dutch Quad Produc-
tions. as they present the muolc-l
“Fiddler 0n the Roof” this weekend
in their cafeteria. The full Icale pro-
duction of the Bock/Hamlclt/Steln
musical will feature a cut of 32 and
a l7-plcce orchestra.

Thom-I Sullivan will star as Tavye
the Dairymau and Wendy Firdm-n n
his wife Golda. Nell Mulderry.
Carol‘s Cormello. Barb Savold,
Jean Stern and Amy Silvana-n are
the daughten. Phil Ale-baa. who co-
dlracta with Bill Welnltcln. point-
out that a Quad production dli‘lcra in
phlloaophy lit!!! tho-I ut the PAC
“Our objective to to give I chance to
thou who aren't nccuoarllv ox-

 

  
   
   

Bennett

complete with straw hats and canes.

This vaudevillian focus makes it tough for
the audience to feel the emotion that the
play is trying to elicit. The audience is
cheated out of being moved as much as they
could be in the Last Supper and Crucifixion
scenes. The intimate rapport is never
developed between Christ and His disciples.
When they embrace in the farewell scene the
tenderness is forced because the rest of the
production gives no reason to believe they
were ever that close.

The best example of this inconsistency is
Travers' portrayal of Christ. While he is by
far the most taleneted vocalist on the stage.
he doesn't seem comfortable in his role. He
is stiff. unnatural. and often seems to be just
reciting his lines.

Travers just does not emerge as he should
have as Christ. instead. the ones who stand
out are Terri VandenBosch for her comic
talent and Lisa Etlirrger as Mary Magdeltne.

As a whole. the supporting cast was more
than capable. They conveyed a contagious
enthusiasm which gave the audience an
overall goorl fueling This rotnrarlvrie pro-
vided the primary mince of entertainment
and is what makr-s it n l‘tL’t'ltttll‘tLliit‘c worth
seeing ‘

>45- Tickets’ are still available for (iorfspr'll on both

Saturday afternoon and Saturday evening.
The matinee begun. at Edit) and the evening
performance begins at Hill) pm. Tickets are
on sale at the PAC box office.

feet In The PA:

He is also directing the current SUNYA pro»
rluclton of Godspeli. it was Bennett who was
instrumental in securing the NYC production
through his connections with the producers.
He showed them the script and they liked it.
What happens next will be determined by
the critics. to some extent. but will malnly be
determined by the New York City au‘
diences. If they like it well enough. and some
big producers do like it well enough. it could
continue its New York City run in an off-
Brrradway theatre. or even _move on to
Broadway itself.

The campus preview dates for The First
Bare/(rot Dancer are May 5-7. Tuesday.
Wednesday. and Thursday at 7:00 
and May 8 and 0. Friday and Saturday. at
Hill) pm. Tickets with an [D are $4.00‘and
with a tax card they're $2.50. it's your
chance to see a "first" right here on the
SUNYA campus. so don't be the last to get
your tickets. The next time you're in the Cl-
ty. whether you're home for,vacatton or just
visiting. you might have the opportunity to
catch The Last Barefoot Dancer at a local
theatre. But you know how difficult those
Broadway tickets are to get. .

pariencad. We make Dome
lacrll‘lcea, but we're planned with
the product."

The chow runl tonlghl and Sunday
It 8:30.

 
     
 
 

     
  

  
     

 

-.._.........;:........,.j _ .

 

 

