 

...WW2W,_-N H

:r .

.o. a... V.”

Student Art: 
. (Dictate; 0415

G4”. EX/Zigiti0ﬂ

friend talks about his first con-

tact with the SUNYA Art

Gallery. Seems he was rushing
to catch a bus one rainy Sunday after-
noon. A driver caught sight of him rac-
ing across the slick cobblestones. gave
him a few farewell hisses on the air
brakes. and left.

Andrew Carroll

Wet. winded and frustrated. our
friend turned back towards cam-
pus—drawn. he says. by the warm
lights glowing inside the Fine Arts
building. He ducked inside. out of
curiosity and the cold. and soon' found
himself surrounded. he Insists. by
strange people doing strange things in
strange clothing. He says he screamed.

Later he found out that he'd
discovered a wine and cheese party be-
ing held in honor of a newly installed
photograph exhibit. He smiles now. of
course. but at the time thought he'd
stepped into a Fellini movie.

Looking past the assorted art types.
past figures robed in wrap-around
sunglasses and spandex pants. he
found a space that for two years of
matriculation he had overlooked. Pain-
tings. sculpture and photographs were
displayed against a backdrop of tall

 

 

Visitors admire the work of Lem'
ny Long and other student ar-'
tiata at the Univeralty Art
Galarlea 13th annual exhibition
of atndent work. on view through
February 27.

 
 
 

 
  

K. _._'............W »

 

white. pillars. the milky (his Word) glow
of the track lights. and soft brown
carpeting. All was clean and quiet. save
for the occasional murmur of conversa‘
tion. the dull clinktng of plastic wine
cups and the crushing of a Ritz cracker

(his favorite).

He spent the rest of the afternoon in
quiet contemplation. leaving only when
the onion dip and wine ran out and the
lights dimmed. '

The Gallery is one of those places

that many of us overlook. It's not that
it's Incoveniently located (placed as it is
at the west end of the Fine Arts
building). not expensive (it's. uh. free).
it's just that in the daily grind it's the
quiet places that people forget. or just
don't know about. But it's there. and
there may be no better time than this
month to introduce oneself to the
Gallery's quiet delights. Tlrc Gallery's
13th Annual Exhibition of Stridcnt
Work is open through February 27 on
the balcony. and besides being an in-
troduction to the Gallery. it's a
marvelous sampler of the work of
SUNYA'S own.

Student artists responded with over
400 works when judging for this years'
exhibition opened. Represented are the
“)3 works considered the finest by juror
Elbert Weinberg of Boston University. a

    
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
     
   
     
   
     
     

Through My Kitchen Window
Steel Construction by Nora
Simon

Two part sculpture. over six feet
high ia on the balcony along 103
other atudent worka.

Photon: Sun- Stelnlianp and
Bob Leonard

noted sculptor and former professor of
~ art at Union College .In Schenectady-
" Weinberg commented that it had been
many years since he had seen such
freshness and uniqueness of ideas as‘he
saw in this year’s entries.

Fifty-eight artists are represented in
the show. and they display a
remarkable versatility. From the huge
steel construction 0 Kathleen Bar-
tholomay. a freshman. to the tiny
b r 0 n 2 e of Michael Wltzel. Bar-
tholomay garnered a iuror‘s Honorable
Mention for her work. a rusting steel
crescent rearing away. from. or suc-
cumbing to. the offerings of a screen
suspended on a curving steel rod. and
Wltzel's miniature landscape. “Twr:
Balls." spheres careening across a six
inch terrain cutting swaths in their
wakes. earned the artist both an
l-lonorable Mention and a special Art
Department Award.

Fascinating is the way many artists in
the exhibition have transformed hard.
unforgiving materials irrio soft. sensual
objects. Another sculpture Worthy of the
Art Department Award is the untitled
Work of Al Frakes. Frakes has married
two seemingly incompatible materials.
plcxiglass and cement. for a startling ef»
fect. Never has cement looked more in-
vitiirg. or strokable. Rose Marie Popper

has also taken a cold material. and.

made it warm. Her "Marine Forms." a
spherical sculpture of lndiana limestone
and slate. seems almost pliable.

The lighter side of sculpture is
represented in Oil Scullion‘s "Hung
Up." wherein a checkered grand piano
is impaled upon two skyscrapers. One
can imagine this bit of surreal architec-
ture turned into a "theme" restaurant
along l—90.

The coveted Juror's Awards went to
works in four media. representing the
lengths to which artists can take their
materials. Sandra Ressler's color
photograph. "Untitled Feet." is a part of
a series of "feet" by the artist. A
woman's ankles. a snatch of lace and a
string of pearls are fasclriatingly arrang-
ed in the photo. “Tummy Tuck for
Oblomov" is the gauche and colored
pencil creation of Enid Blechman. A
surreal interior is represented in garish
colors. with a frame drawn around.
Pyramids are littered all about — slicing
table—tops and casting long shadows.
And Nora Simon has given an intriguing
title to her large steel sculpture.
“Through My Kitchen Window." The
forms are only suggestive of a window

Untitled
by Patricia Mitchell

Untitled

 
 

“3le effect.

A futuristic acrylic painting.

Cement and Flex.
I‘m” bv Al l-‘raltes.
Frakea has welded
together two we“,
unlikely lumen“.
h" " 'Ilm'lningly

and a figure standing before ii Th
figure Is hinted at with widespre 3
tablelegs. a skirt of trampled steel an:
grooved cylinder forrnlrrg an eye I:
woman becoming another kitchen a .
pliance? p

A favorite work in the show earned
Harold Lohner the fourth .luror‘s
Award. His intagllo print “Kindergarten
Class" depicts a scene known by all all
too well: the class picture. All the
‘characters from elementary sthtiol are
depicted behind a sign reading "Pine
Grove Elementary. Kdg PM. liltiii-(ill "
including the teacher. kindly Miss 
it's a charming portrayal of instant
nostalgia.

There are many more works i'triirilly
as‘intriguing. besides the onus that cant.

t r ‘

   
   

Exhibition awar orig

ed awards and honorably 
Katherine Kreisler has tlrnu' lit‘rillliliil
work with hand colored photographs. .i
technique well known from the ct.»
amples displayed each Wt!t.'l. on Satin.
day Night Live. Kreisler's tw-r "Rt-ll i’rri-
traits" are beautiful and eertrr l‘h'illillllt“
of the technique.

Before you leave the gnllcrr. lirirltiii
one of the corners for a littlw iliiitgcirl‘il
ed “Grandma's Brag Book." a (wild
lion of SX-7f) photos in. f‘liilidi'l
Dygart. More than a hint \‘.'ill williil lit
effect. but prepare yoursi-il for .r liimiiil
little shock.

The University Art (lrllli'i‘ is Him»
Tuesday through Friday " .i iii ‘3
p.m.. Thursday evenings ii'r'd N iiir‘i
Saturday and Sunday from 1 iiiiiil rl
Take sortie time out to sarnpl- wriiic r-l
its treasures. and you might liiriiiiii a
regular. 0

13th Annual
Exhibition (if
Student Work:

A Samplcr

 

 

 

nce again this year. millions of

0' high-school graduates will take that
giant step towards furthering their
education by entering the college of their for
their parents') choice. The incoming
freshman ls bombarded with so much infor-
mation about dormitories. Classes. financial
aid. and the like. that he or she is in a cons-
tant state of confusion and possible mental

David Goldman

 

 

 

 

 

 

breakdown by the time unpacking is com-
pleted and Mom and Dad drive away. Ques~
tions begin to run through the student's
mind: Will i be able to make it on my own?
Will i get along with my roommate? Which
courses are the best to take for my major?
Where can i score something?

Unfortunately none of the many college
pamphlets. course booklets. or other
paiophennlfa give any infoiirrntlon aboul
the one subiect that may do the most to ease
the student's mind and provide him or her
with a feeling of truly brilonging: proper
behavior. if a student can learn what kind of
behavior is acceptable and unacceptable at
college. and can totally sublimate any unique
personality traits he or she may have
previously possessed. then adjustment to
college life will be that much easier.

After surveying many students on cam»
pus. l have categorized certain modes of
behavior and "unwritten laws" which can be
considered proper college etiquette. 1 pre-
sent them now both for the benefit of the in-
coming freshman as well as for the up—
perclassman who wonders why he's never
invited out.

   

ml! -
Dorm Life
One of the basic principles of college eti-
quette is total disregard for everybody else.
and what better way to demonstrate this than
by blasting your stereo. Stereo-blasting is
probably one of the most popular dorm ac»
tivities. next to water fights and sex. Whether
you l‘liiVLl spent the night studying. or down-
ing pitchers at the Rat. let off a little steam
(trunk up the receiver to full volume. Don't
Worry about what time it is. or if people are
sleeping. most of them riit' ton riDdllltlliL‘ to
tiili‘rlflt’li'il Ilit it‘tlllll\.'

(rill \t't'lllll\.'.ii|lll it".
The bust niusic

uncool to complain. besides
to blast is loud. rcpctitrw rock. classical is ii
sonic-what original idea. but gauche if you
don't have a stereo (or if the speakers .nir
blown). simply open up your wuulow ililtl
ycll. Anything St‘nrlirliigit‘ril or scxtirrl in
nature will do (mothur irrkcs arc pictty
popular); you Will soon find that other peo-
plc will join in. and eventually you'll have a
whole opera going. (I am reminded of the
wonderful Indian Quad Yell-Off last May
after the Rangers-Islanders plavufll N‘UVU
rill. don't be afraid to makc a complcnI
asshole out of yourself. because after college

 

  
   

  

unless you choose a career in politics.
education. or network television.

You and your roommate should come to
an understanding early in the semester to
facilitate your co-habitallon: they can do
anything they want as long as it doesn't
bother you. and you can do anything you
wanl. If on a Friday or Saturday night. a
member of the opposite sex is dragged back
to if“: room. and prospects look promising.
the other occupant is expected to pack up
and find sleeping quarters elsewhere. tThis
rule is usually suspended during Finals
week). Both residents should also agree on
how to decorate the room. A few strategical-
ly placed pizza boxes add that authentic
lived-in touch. while some socks and pairs of
underwear around the bed proclaim for all to
wc that this is indeed the room of college
students.

Parties and
Social Functions

A party is defined as anywhere there Is a
keg. Acquiring a taste for beer is essential for
college. and regardless of whether you ac-

  

m ' rt .. . for '
tually enjoy the stuff or not. ii is pre
be seen with a glass or mug of ii at u socral

A
lcrabkI to

function.

A dorm or quad party is a unique cx- ’ \ \ ‘ I
The first time you attend one. stop Lu J 1', \

pericnce.
a minute and take in all the sights and
sounds A blaring stereo assaults your ears
with the lender strains of Led Zeppelin. A
box of pretzel crumbs is on one table. On
another is three or four plastic cups of beer
with potato clrrps floating in them. A bearded
pct son next ll) you l5 tlrr'iiwnrg tip (in your
shoe The room is dimly lit. and you find that
you must shout directly into somcone's car
to get his attention it is ill Ilrcsc functions
that you will be expected to make many new
frrcnds. and maybe even meet that special
prrrson with whom you Will ‘upk'llll at least
one night.

()thcr popular forms of college entertain-
nu'nt include mirvrns illlil bar-hopping
i’rcforv embarking on any of these. however.
propiir arrangements must be madc. so that
one does not commit a faux pas (such .is go»
ing to a movie alone. for example. and thus
being corrsrdcrcd Wl'liil). Besides the tradi
tional boy‘giil (lilll’. going out in a group of
three or more is fine. once all parties come to
some mutual agreement. Barrbehiah Gildor.

a sophomore business major. puts it like this:

Well. I wanted to go out last week
with my friends Maxine and Denise.
and we agreed to see Apocalypse
Now downtown somewhere. i forget
where. but then Denise wanted to

    

~\

  

bring Robby. her boyfriend. who
was visiting for the weekend. and so
I said OK. y'know. but then Robby
said he dtdri't want to see
Apocalypse Now 'cause his friend
saiv it and said it was boring. he
wanted to see 10 instead. and we
said all right. it really didn't matter to
me. y'know'r‘ So then we go to look
up what time the movie starts and
the last show is at 9:45 and it's 9:40
now. so we'd never make ii iii time.
so their Robby goes OK. he'll go see
Apocalypse Now and we're all on
our way out when my sulteriraie
Elaine sees us. i don't really like her.
she's always tagging along with
everybody. well anyway. she asks
what we're doing and I go we're go-
ing to the movies. and she goes
“Oh. great. can Rick and I come
along." Rick is some guy she's see-
ing but it's not serious. so anyway
they both want to go too but Robby
can only fit five people in his
Camaro. Then I say. "Let's just go to
the Hellman across the street." but
Maxine had already seen the movie
there. and so had Rick. so then he
says. "Let‘s take the downtown bus
and go to Bogart's." but i said no
way. if i go there i just know l'll run
Into Cliff who i )ust broke up with
and Denise goes “Well if she doesn't
want to go. i don't want to go
either." so finally we Just decided to
send out for pizza and we sat around
the room and got high.

  
 

    
       
  

\\ cm

*«\‘ -

.
' \
v—«e

;——

Classes
ll's a good idea to show up once in a

while.

The Cafeteria
Faring on tlw iiuads rs ii unique culinary
' y serious gourmand
When you enter the
rust be kept in mind:
as you want.

experience which an
can't afford to miss.

cafeteria. two things n
the first is to taki- as much food
or how much you actually eat;
its. you can

it doesn't liltill
if is lllL‘l’i' for the taking. Allltl bcsrd

 

 

 

always throw it away later. The second thing
to remember is to have fun. Eating without
one's family can be truly liberating: your
father isn't there to yell at you for your poor
grades. your mother can‘t force you to eat
your vegetables. you won't have to fight with
a sibling over the last piece of chocolate
cake. and so on. After years of parental
repression. you are finally free to do all the
things you Would have been sent to bed for
during your childhood. Stick an uneaten ice
cream cone Into a glass of coke. Pour salt on
the table and write your initials in It. Empty a
glass of milk onto an unsuspecting
suitemate's plate. Flick a spoon of Jello at
the person across from you (it doesn't matter
if you don't know them).

No discussion on collegiate dining would
be complete without mentioning the food
fight. The rise of the food fight as a social ac-
tivity was spurred by the release of Animal
House two years ago; although they seemed
to have died down recently. they will no
doubt be revived now that the movie has
been shown on campus. The sheer joy of
watching innocent bystanders get pelted with

.@.
/ e 3‘ \

   
 
 

/

   

 

V GLDW

the various substances you've hurled at them
is reason enough to want to engage in a food
fight for most people. it can be a tremendous
opportunity to release all hostility. aggresion.
and just plain obnoxiousneu. but one must
first be sure one has the strength and
courage needed to participate. Many people
think they have what it takes to ﬂing a hand-
ful of lasagna at a total stranger. but It is only
the few selfish and daring ones who can truly
take command when the mashed potatoes
are failing. if you are one of these brave few.

remember to look out for yourself fthere are

no teams in food fights). and be sure to split

before it's time to clean up.

One last word on this topic: one's dietary
habits generally determine what one's
weapons will be during a food fight.
Vegetarians can't throw any meat products.
and those on Kosher can not defend
themselves with both milk and meat without
risking serious consequences.

In short. i hope i have given a good idea
of what is expected of you at a large universi-
ty such as SUNYA. Above all. enjoy
yourself. and don't be concerned With such
trivialitles as maintaining a high cum. keep-
ing up to date on local. national. and world
affairs. and gaining a sense of in
dependence. confidence. and SL‘ll'CSlC’CIll
Have fun! One must never lose sight of what
college truly is: a sleepaway camp with filial

exams. .

 

llluatratiorio: Rick Blum

“4 mu.“mama-smummmmmnunuu  .

 

 

 

 

 

