 

 “V's... _._'_.‘._.‘..__g._.'.._/_'

 

 

tun

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wm; .

Students Need Leverage

Jack L. Lester

 

The Board of Trustees of the State
University of New York has continued their
assault on the ability of students to afford a
college education by raising room rent
another 3150. l feel students should now ex-
amine the relationship that exists between
the administration and studeiit-dormitory
residents.

The university characterizes the dor-
mitory lease agreement as a "license." This
characterization distorts the fundamental
contractual basis on which students rent on-
campus housing. New York law states that
“in any oral or written agreement for the
rental of property the landlord warrants
that the premises and common areas used in

connection therewith are fit for human
habitation and for the uses reasonably in-
tended by the parties and that the occupant
will not be subjected to conditions
detrimental to their life. health or safety."

Therefore. in New York. ifa tenant is liv-
ing in conditions that violate local housing
codes. they can withhold rent. If tenants
face an interruption in services such as lack
of heat. hot water. improper elevator ser-
vice. or inadequate locks they can also
withhold rent. The tenant's obligation to
pay rent is conditional on the landlord liv-
ing up to his side of the bargain and pro-
viding a package of goods and services
which satisfies the lease agreement, and
local housing ordinances.

Now that the cost of livittg on campus
has risen to an unconscionable level.
students should demand that they be given
the same rights as tenants living off-
campus. Students should request that the
state legislature enact the following provi-
Slollh‘.

‘littd the statutory exemption found in
the education law which allows dormitories
to he immune from local housing code iii-
spcctrons. Students should be able to call
upon the local code enforcement btircau to
cite rent impairing violations in der-
miterics.

‘Thc dormitory "license" should be
renamed a "lease." Student representatives

 

For Better or Worse

To the Editor:

Albeit a strange combination. l was
thinking of you and the lint/get this
weekend and with Valentine's Day upon us.

should negotiate the elements of this con-
tract at the start ofevery year with members
of the residence staff. Payments on the
lease should be made periodically rather
than at the start of eaeh'scmester. By pay-
ing the total amount at once. students lose
the most important leverage a tenant has.
namely the ability to use his rent to force
landlords to live up to thier end of the
bargain. -

'The university should end their policy
of assessing students‘ damages witliut prov-
ing the individual student was responsible
for causing the damage. Under their current
policy the trniversity charges an entire suite
for damages which may have been caused
by one individual or by an outsider. This
policy is illegal. The university gets away
with it by extorting money from students by
placing holds on their records. this policy is
also illegal and violates the due process
rights of students. Any student harmed by
this procedtrrc should contact either SA or
the student legal services office.

'The trniversity should be required to pay
dormitory rent if. after they move out
another student is found to rent their room.
Under the ctirrerrt policy of assessing a stu-
dent for "breaking" the dormitory contract
the university cart collect rent from two
sources for the same dormitory space.

'Studcnts should hold university
employees liable for trespassing if they
enter a student‘s room without consent and
without notice.

Students cart seek to accompliin these ob-
jectives by calling on their local legislators.
Thc outrageous room rent increase should
avaken our representatives to the unfair
nature of the university-studcut/teiiant
relationship. Tenant organizations will be
receptive to including these proposals in
their legislative packages. Tenant
organizations will be delighted to have the
increased numbers of students added to
their lobbying strength. Another possible
remedy is through lawsuits. The above
mentioned illegal policies should he
brought to the attention of the Legal Scr-
Viccs Office . 457-79”.

thought I would try to bring you both
together at least fora song or two. For most
of us. the university budget is mysterious
and ominous. its face alarming. its pr0p0t'~
lions staggering and its motion loo clearlv
regressive. Generally. we all scent to show
signs of shock and stress when the governor

 

announces its debut in January. but soon
forget its name and returned our gaze and-
attention to why we are here at the universi-
ty. to teach. to learn or to serve. Only a
small number of faculty. staff and students
court the budget. try to understand it. ap-
preciate its charm and wit, and actually
achieve the euphoria of knowing the budget
as it is and what it means. And 50, l take
this opportunity to bring you both together
even for a few moments for a more per-
sonalized encounter. _

The university budget is not unlike your
personal budget. It is larger and by far more
complex. But both budgets have more in
common than realized. Each budget is a
plan. formally designed or informally con-
ceived. which specifies expenditures and the
necessary sources of income within a fixed
time frame. a week. a month or a year. As
you examine your personal obligations you
earmark certain sums for recurring bills
(insurance. rent or transportation) and
identify other amounts for basic expenses
within which you cart make some discre-
tionary adjustments. So too. the trnivcrsity
budget is programmed with about 80 per
cent of ' it predetermined for salaries.
perhaps 6 per cent for utilities, 2 per cent
for library acquisition. ctc. Much of the
budget is fixed and firm. Sound familiar?

As you ponder your budget. I am strre
you are concerned with your ironic.
automobile. clothes and other tangible
necessities. How do you provide for their
replacement. repair or upkeep? Those same
concerns plague its as the university con-
siders maintenance and operation of its 83
buildings. 4.0 million square feet of space. a
fleet of 28 vehicles from garbage trucks to
snow plows. and literally thousands of
pieces and parts that keep its operating and
functioning as a university.

liach of us has stood in the grocery line
aghast at the cashier‘s tally for peanut but:
tcr. coffee. clicLs . bread and the other lux-
uries of life. So too. the ISO university
departments as they prepare their shopping
lists quake as the costs for laboratory
chemicals. columnar pads. library books
(we have 1.0 million). chalk. toilet paper.
and thousands ol'other luxuries are totaled.
But that is budgeting in the real world. the
university’s and yours.

NU two people become friends without
sortie understanding of their past. if you
still yearn to understand the btidgcl better.
its background. dcvcloprticnt and rmrttrrcd
environment are very important condi-
“0"“5‘ Through l970. the university
budget. this campus and the entire SUNY
system. bounded with a hand. There seem.
ed no ceiling to growth and tire dollars to
expand. In the [970‘s the biidgei periodical-
ly llamcd out and sufficient fticl was hard

 

to find. This campus lost about 250 full-
tlmc positions. delimited its programs.
found its base budget eroded by rrnl'unttctt
inflationary effects. and more or IN can...
of age after severe budgetary growing
pains. Our physical plant (lclcl'itilttlcfl
systematically as most ol' the buildings
reached their fifteenth birthday m...
comitautly. in brief. otir fiscal condition in.
day. our budget. rcllects a host of m.
cumulated problems and difficulties. other.
wise known birt often forgotten. lilo
historical perspective. And so in tutti-£3,
the budget l ant introducing to you is much
like your own personal budget which
reﬂects longer term decisions and Hill]-
mitmcnts you made two or lite in more
years ago. and your present day efforts in
support the life style selected.

What we at the university might tend to
forget as we study the budget is still tiriotlit‘t
perspective that most assuredly affects \‘llltl
we see. Both the state with its cxectrirm
and legislative branches ol'govcrnnrcrrt, and
the general tax payer hate porrch billion.
of dollars into public higher education.
Notwithstanding that ettlcrprisc's t'titrlrilttr
lions to the entire state and tltc nicuinnr-tul
goals it cxiols and pursues. the prin- lttt'
among all other cotiipeling fort-cs has t'\
acted a substantial coriimiimcni that up
pears to have lost its priority status. lttsl .r\
you and l can change our personal pr tor IllL'\
as circumstances dictate. so hits the slrtlt‘
and perhaps the nation sliil'tcd luvlicr
education into it lower g or.

What then is the budget message for 11-. Ill
1981 and beyond? I believe our style nt In
ing. personally or at the university. rnuu
change. Already. we huvc been nicotin-
nicnced at times. Some would probably \.i\
we have been mistreated as with llitlllllllil
lioti. Attitudinally. we can gripe if \\c haul
and that seems human. We can tlccry lilll
losses and that is otir right. ltut the lL'.|l|l\ Is
that at home or at the campus. we urn-.1 iist‘
our own irtgcntiity willi more limit it
resources to fulfill our mission.

The budget l have introduced r~ \mrh
and it's mine. for better or for nor-.c. It
really has much to offer us wiibiri Ila \“I
million shell. l have confidence llttll \\t' inn
make it work for the greater good or lilL'
tiniversily and its people. ltcilcr to luh'
birdgct brittle than peanut brittle. It is llth it
less fattening.

—— John A. ll:rrllg:in
Vlt‘t' I’rt'tiili-ni in:
Finance uiirl Illl\lllr‘\\

Less Screaming

To the Editor:
Once again. another atlrninisrrurrnn
moves irtio the erilc House. this time on .r

 

 

I Art SHlthle.‘

 

51555—5

 

I Avicenna.

 

I AHNEAK-

WNW mm: mm arm

  

I iii LIBERAL-

 

teenage
UéHW

I .

    

 

 

 

V

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
i
l
r
r
r

 

._ ..~.~rn4\~qnlemr

conservative platform, and again the topic
of budget cuts comes up.’Perhaps. this time
they're serious.

The degree of seriousness can be seen in
the amount of screaming that special in-
terest groups are doing-students included.
The deeper reaching and harder hitting the
cuts are. the louder and higher pitched llre
screaming becomes.

Budget cuts and fee increases are to be
found in all levels of government and the
respective programs that they finance.
Remember. we’re in the process of fighting
a period of high inflation and unchecked
growth of government. How many people
do you know that cart live forever by hor»
rowing tnoncy on a constantly increasing
basis? Not many. Individuals have creditors
and a process called bankruptcy to face. Is
our government any different?

As President Reagan said in his speech to
the nation last Week. the majority of the
people support the cuts as a whole btir
heaven help the government if they touch
their “sacred cow."

Well my friends. no sacred cow is to be
left totally unscathed and we all are going to
fch the effects one way or another. My tlti-
vice is that we all should shirt up and tighten
otrr bells a notch or two. Scr 'rrniing only
shows how childish we are.

— David W. Miinti

Bookstore’s Folly

To the Edltor:

Now that we‘ve all been informed that
SUNYA‘s Follctt Bookstore’s contract will
expire on May 3i: let‘s do something to gel

 

 

what's best for the students. Last year after
Jerry Rubin (remember him?) gave his pep
talk on student activism. some 'students
united and presenting Follctt with a list
of demands that had to be met. Meet them
or else! I am not sure whether or not those
demands were met but I am sure that
Follctt‘s service has not changed very
much.

The Follctt Bookstore stillseems to me to
be overpriced especially for items other
than textbooks. Now I know that new tex-
tbooks are expensive everywhere and that’s
something we're going to have to live with.
But Follett could make it easier on students
by selling more used books. Perhaps if they
would pay a little more to students who do
sell them their books we'd all be a little
richer.

The other items, notebooks and paper
goods are very expensive. Do we really need
the design of the school on the cover? Is
there anyway to bring down the costs of
these things? I don't know btit SUNYA’s
Follctt should find otit soon.

Hopefully. our student members on the
U.A.S. Board of Directors will do their ut-
most to find out which comparry will give us
the best deal and service our needs most cf-
ficicntly. In the meantime. all of us should
either individually or as a group voice our
displeasure at Follctt's policies. while we
have a chance to do something.

— Name Withheld Upon Request

 

 

Bring us your

letters and columns.

 

 

African Reaganism

.lu/iliei M. Ztviiiiti iv Assisiuiii Professor
til" ul/‘rit'iiir uiir/ zl/i‘ri-xlitiericuii Slur/it's u/
l/lt' Stu/e Ulllt‘t'l'Vllll' of New York ui
ll/lﬂllll‘. He is u citizen o/"Zinrhuliwc.

Up to this point. Ronald Reagan has said
mtrcli little of arty substance on the U.S.
policy in Africa. Mttny interpret this as a
sign of his ignorance on foreign affairs and
on Africa in particular. However.
statements from his closest udvisors just
about describe the picture of the present
Republican Administration. When asked
whether. from the African viewpoint. the
situation would be any different given a
Republican leadership. a Democratic Cun-
grcssionul aide replied. “It would be
Angola all over again. except it would be
happening all over the continent.“

Reagan wants to be portrayed as custo-
dian of the traditional values of the Fifties
with the jiugoistic glories of the Cold War
era. It is obvious that most of Reagan‘s
foreign policy and defense udvisors reflect

his cliartictcri/utiou.
Certainly what bothers Africans
Africtiiiists about African Reagtiuism is the
very fact that it is an alloy of slcclctl
hawkishitcss and racism on the part of the
itdvisors and dangerous. naive ignorance up
the part of tlic Corriiiitindei-in-(‘lricf as
demonstrated during an interview witlrlJt'i
and Ebony magti/incs. He said. “South
Africa is an exciting place to rue. lile are
on the brink of economic advance. anti they
certainly don’t need us to tell them how to
solve their race problems. South Al'i’ i's
problems are not so rmreh racial us they are
tribal."

‘l'lic ominous combination of the
chublican's. the President‘s. Iris irrltisor‘s
and American business“ connections with
and sympathies lt wards the while controll-
ed regime. should be of great concern for
those interested in the ftrtirrc of Africa.
This is niorfso especially because the up-
shot is that this stance seems to be rcassnr»
lug enough to white South Africa to huvc
elicited considerable excitement met the
Reagan candidacy. it has raised hopes that
the bedcvilled Carter Africa policy they so

 

and

 

 

My“... ..r be” ...

 

Writing on theWall

.Iuphet M.

Zwunu
dctcstcd might be put to rest.

The recent South Africa — Namibia e ‘asc-
l'irc flop is a powder keg that the Reagan
Administration would be ill—advised to take
lightly. TIIC key purliclpuntv in the Geneva
peace talks was Sam Nunjomu. President of
the South West Africa l’eoplcs Organizu
tion (SWAPO). The U .N has long recognit-
cd SWAN) as “the authentic represen-
tative of the Namibian people.“ The
orguni/ation's lcatlcr went to the con»
fcrcnce armed with a readiness to sign a
supervised ccrisc-l'ir'c agreement to end the
fighting between his legion of R.0()0 to
l().000 freedom fighters and the 20.000
South African troops on Namibian soil by
March 3|. Mill. Seycri months later. UN<
supervised elections were to be held. leading
to ultimate and legitimate independence.
To prove that lie was in it serious business.
Nunjoma pledged that his organi/ation
would accept the principle ofctiual status in
the election campaign with the Namibian
political parties ctcn those sponsored by the
South African government.

Willi all these concessions and good will.
the South African government led Numi-
biim delegates into the cease-fire program
simply on the grounds that it was U.N.‘
sponsored which in turn favored SWAN).
According to an article in the January 26.

 

[will issue til 'l‘lMl< iniigu/inc. the Chair-
man of thc shaky so—ctillcd Democratic Tur-
nlrrillc Alliance. Dirk Mtrrlgc. argued that a
cctisc—firc ill the tiiitc was rather prcrnruuirc.
What he failed to tell the world was his
worry that SWAI’O was most likely to
defeat the lragilc Turiiliulle Alliance in a
free and friii clcclitui.

It was littlc wonder therefore. that as the
cortl‘crcncc wound tip. Ntmjomn declared.
“We will go brick to our bases and resume
the fight till final victory."

in the light ol what has been discussed
herein about African Rcagrinism. it remains
to be seen us to whether the present ad-
ministration will ignore the writing on the
wall and vein the sanctions resolution. lts
pcrl'ornnincc in this instance will dctcrmiiie
the grade it should be awarded lot its

 

Affordable Education?

It seems everytime we turn around we're being buried alive with another tui-
tion increase. As a result of drastic budget cuts. SUNY students will suffer im-
measurably.

At one time. many students were not as directly affected. for financial aid
and loans made SUNY affordable. With President Reagan‘s proposed cuts in
81300 and NDSL. however. financial aid will no longer help ease the burden
of paying tuition. In addition. students will find it harder to receive state-
guarantecd loans.

The ultimate goal of a public higher education system is quality learning at
an affordable price.

Yes. SUNY is cheaper than private schools, and that is and should be its
primary attraction. Quality is essential, but how much will this quality cost?

The Trustees will not ask for any additional state funding. They have illu-
sions of a self-sufficient SUNY system. in order for them to make this a reali-'
ty. they must pass on the additional costs to the students. Is this an equitable
system of finance?

Students must stand up and fight for their survival. If education is going to
continue to be accessible. it is time to put a foot down. it is time to let
legislators see we no longer can absorb the cost of SUNY tuition.

The Trustees are stripping our wallets. They refuse to ask the state for addi-
tional money. ‘ ,

But what is the purpose of these Trustees? They are our representatives.
They are supposed to lobby in the legislature for additional. funds for SUNY.
They are not a state agency; they should be a direct line to the students.

This Wednesday. the Board of Trustees will meet at SUNY Central to decide
on the tuition increase. Our attendance will help convey the urgency of the
situation.

We should also write letters to Governor Carey and our state senators and
assemblypcrsons. if you cannot find time to write a letter. call Governor Carey
on Wednesday and voice your opinion. Keep his phone lines busy and show
him strength in numbers. -

SASU and Student Union are currently working their tails off in this strug-
gle. Lend them a hand in their efforts to fight this increase.

A concerned, unified student voice is the only chance we have to preserve an
affordable education.

 

 

; v

.4)PECTS

Elllblll’lltl In "15

and its creative magazine

Rub E. Giubman. Editor in Chin!
Haydon Cllﬂﬂh. Siﬂllln A. Grnnburg. Managing EdllDIS
Sylvia Slundan. Senior Edi/or

. , . . . . . . .. Susan Mltllgan. Both Sexar
Jutttn Etaonbnig. Wayne Panraboom

. .   BohEdolstaln
JutmnD Wotnor. Andrew Carroll
.. Doug Wott
..Jtm Dlxon
.SuzunnoGotber
. . . . . . . . .. Bob ﬂellalloto
. . Marc Haapul. Larry Kano
. . . . . . . . .. Patricia Btanloy
Mitchell A. Groabot

  
 
  
  
  
 

News Editors .... .
Associate News Editors
ASPacts Edllot . . ,
Associate ASPacts Editors
Sound Editor . . . . .
thlonEdltor

Creative Arts

Sports Edllnt . . .
Associate Spatti Editors
Edltnrlnl Pages Editor

Copy Edltoi .

   

    

Stall wrlleis: Annt- tiers. Torn Bnntlglro. Robin Brown. [3th Cutnmnruln. Kon Cantor, Mlehunl Carmen. Anne
Cavnnagh. Lon Cohen. Slinion Colo. Lian Dnnonmntk. Huuoit~Konnelh Dickey. Mark Flschuill, Bruno Fox, Frank J. Gil
Jr . Ken Gordon. whilnuy Gould. Eur: Gtuhei. Matthaw tlaodau. Wandnll Hnddnn. Michele lataut. James Jnlto. Larry
Kinsman. Nora Kirby. Blltcn any. Tom Lusllk. James Mnikotsts. Dltirmultt Dutnn. Ed Plnka. Mntk Rossini. Jolt
Scirartott. Bartram Schindler. Pant Schwnitr. Sun Smith. Lnutol Solomon. Carolina Summers

Marilyn Molkowltx. ﬂtislness Manager
Janet Diellun. Adverlising Manager

.. Bonnla Stevens
oar. Karon Sardotl
... September Kloln
... Hayden Carrth

   

Otllea Manager .
Bllllng Accountants .
Classllled Manager

Componltlon Manager

 

.Mltlam Rnsplor.Ha y

   
   

 

Salas: Dnvu Bioden. t'lobuit Krill. Roy Loomls Advsnlllng Producllon Manager-i Marlo Anna Colavlto. Tammy Gelgar
Advartlllnn Productlon: Diairno Giaeotn. Susan Kaplan. Maia Mnnttolaohn. Lauilu Schwullbeia. Carolyn Saduwtck.
Oltlca Stall: Wendy Ducktn. tianui Gitrtrnnntn. Tricia Jonson. Atluno Kntlowltr

Dun Butt. Production Manager
Dab l'loynaldl. Dlvld Thunhnunr. Associate Production Managers

 

Vartlcal Cantata. . .... . . . . . , . . . , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .. EllsaaBBefk
Putwup: Mary Katrtniin. Robin Luinatoln. Edan Lavina, Carina Shlpototaky. Typllll: Nanny Burns a n. Mary or a,

Marlo Gutbiuino. Mindy Gordon. Barbara Nolan. Cathie Ryan. Shntl Schnuldai. Lnurtu Wallets. Chauttaur. Mark
Frschtitti

Photography. Stl/tlllll‘d pnircrniilly by University Photo Service
Chl'rt Photographer: tint) Lnoniiiri

UPS Stall: nave AbCIltlt. llrticv Briggs. Aliin Caism. Karl Cltan.
Miiic Ilnnscliel. lttll Kinnss. llonnno Kiilakall. Dttva Muchsan,
Sleinhnmn. tony lassamtii. Will Yunnan

Sherry Canon. Strive Essen. Mike Fuller. Mark Halalr.
Lnls Mattitbont, Sun Mlndlch. Matti Nndlar. Sunn

Friday during the school year by lira Albany Student

St dent Pinss it. published every Tuesday and
"'8 mm,” H Editorials tire tvritttin by Illa Editor In Chlal: policy is

Press CUt/lnltlllml. nit indt-pinrttunt notrlurtproiit corporation.
sub/net to review by tho Editorial Board.
Mailing address
Albany Sludent Press. CC 329
"00 Washington Ava.
Albany, NY 12222
(518) “POEM/3.322%”?

 

 

 

African foreign policy.

 

 

 

 

