arm-hem ’

 

 

 

 

. 1%.. 10.."

 

 

. F'Qﬂun

April 24, 1981]

 

 

 

 

 

 

ill had thought he'd be leaving his
house for the last time. The am-
bulance had arrived quickly.
thanks to the attention of the neighbors. Bill

had been able to muster up enough strength
and breath to 0 en his side door and call to

Rob Edelstein

them in their yard. They stood by. watching.
as the white-suited attendants came into the
house. Bill watched patiently. even though
he knew the men had come to take him
away. .

Blll lay numb on the lloor of his kitchen.
He could only stare up at the ceiling. The
throbbing In his chest Increased. and he tried
to push It lrom his mind. He Imagined
lrlmseli on the operating table as the hot sun.
which shone in through the open side door.
beamed down upon his lace. Bill squirrted.
and was able to see the dead plant on the
ledge by the table. Barely a stem rematrred in
the pretty copper pot. which had bumps
visibly impressed upon it. for it hadn't lelt the
cool touch oi water in tour years.

 

 

."y

knew she had won again. He shook his head
and breathed out a small laugh.

“You really are something." he said with a
boyish grin.

“i love you. my Bill. You know. you're
just as handsome as you were when you
were twenty-live,"

They both laughed and lell Into each

' others arms. Bill'squeezed Mary to him and

sighed conten‘tl”. He looked around and saw
all the things that gave the room its liie — the
beautilul artwork. the blooming plants. the
shining sun — and Mary. She kissed him in
the chest. and her lips were cold — so much
so that the cold passed through his shirt and
lroze on his skin. bringing him back to the
reality oi hls allllction. and to the sight oi a
stethoscope on his chest. Hts srnlle had ceas-

ed. Only to be replaced. once again. by a???) in ,..~.
I

harsh irown. . KIM ‘
Bill was then hoisted up onto the streng§ﬂ

cher. What seemed like a lilt oi several leet.
was only a lew inches. as he was placed onto I.
the mattress. Slowly. the nren picked the
stretcher up by its handles. and carried Bill
lrom the kitchen. and into the living roorrr. 

pleasant ior you as possible. How's that?"
"Sure, that's line." he said. with a lack of

anything better to say. His head propped up

again. and his eyes met the beige wall.

- "Hello. is Henry McNair there. pleaSe?"
"Hello?" The response was questioning.
"Hello. Mr. McNalr. l'm Dr. Belrose. your

lather's physician. l‘m calling to talk to you

about his condition."
"i see. Well. how is he doing?" asked

Henry. lighting a cigarette.

"Well. he's all right. considering the strain
he's been under."

""You mean because of the attack."

“Because oi that and because oi his emo—
tional state. Ever since he’s been brought in.
he's been spending a lot oi time staring oil in-
to space. not really paying attention to

I

 
 
  
 

 T.

  

Belrose. “He needs your companionship
and your help."

"Doc. you really don't know my lather too
well . . ."

Doctor Belrose moved uncomlortably in
his chair.

". , . but l do. All he's wanted since my
mother‘s death is to be lelt alone. and the
best way I know to grant his wish now is hit
me to do just that."

"How can you be so sure? Have you ever
asked him it he wanted you to visit him?"
asked the doctor. His question was almost a
plea.

"No. Doc. I never asked him ll he wanted
me to visit or not." replied Henry with a tone
oi disgust in his voice. Hi5 patience was now
being pushed to its limit.

“Why. Doc. had my lather ever mention

"I didn't think so "

The doctor reiused to pursue the point
any iurther. He. too. had been pushed to ltts
ltmtt.

Monday, May 18 Senior Night at the Bars
(At Bogarts and the Lamp Post)
With Senior T-Shirt: FREE!

Finally, after four disappointing years of finefficient student government,
there is now something for seniors to write home about.
. 9n a cold, dark, lonely night in the campus center, Crazy Gary, Crazy ' ~
Bob,'Crazy Brad and the rest of the Crazy Class Council slashed your senior

week ticket prices by an incredible 50 percent over last‘years prices...
But that wasn’t good enough!! We defied inflation and stayed well past
bailding hours and slashed those prices to such incredibly low levels thateven
government economists winced at our fanatic disregard for the laws of finance.

The Crazy Class Council. . .
. . . Our Prices Can’t Be Beat. 

You may bull 1 ti¢ket at senior Price with a membership card and one

at regular price.
Thursday. May 21 Trip to Atlantic City
Buses leave at 6 a.m.
Buses leave Atlantic City at 10 p.m.

4

 

“Uhh . . . l'd like to dlscttss this matter Without Senior T'Shil’tﬁ 
with you lurther. Mr McNalr. but right non

‘-‘ I‘ve got to make my rounds."

"().K. Doc. thanks lor calling." llt'rl Tuesaay! May  on Campus Pa”?
Henry The Party will be held in the

Dues Paying Senior - $14
Others — $22

Note: An Extra $10 Dollars
per ticket will be collected.

The discomfort he had been ieeltrrg at the
back at his skull was abated by a pillow being
placed beneath it. He watched quickly as the
attendants made other preparations to

. remove his still body liom the lloor ol the kit-

  
 

He passed by his neighbors. who con.»  - ,I 4
merited that the paintings needed dusting ‘ q

"erat is a house" was the title on the 33!,
bronze plate. hanging up on the living room . I a
wall. Bill was ctrrrled past it. He tried to recall «L. ‘

 

 

 

chen. He looked around. and noticed his
lrearirtg aid. lying on the limit. where It had
lalleri during his collapse. One ol the atten-
dants accidentally kicked it. sending it across
the lloor. it landed treat the kitchen cabinet.

“My aid." he whispered to the man as he
raised his ieeble hand and pointed straigltl
ahead.

"Sssh. we'll take care oi everything. sir.
Just you lie back and relax."

Bill smiled slightly. showing a row oi
uneven. yellowed teelli He had not been
relerred to as "sir" iii years. The show oi
respect pleased him. but the smile went
against the grain til his lacial lines. giving the
impression that the act ol siriilirrg caused him
pain.

The grin continued through the tlrrohbiirg
pain in his chest. through the movement
around him. arid even through the placingol
the mask over his lips. He breathed the cool
sweet oxygen into his lungs and lelt the pain
increase ever so slightly. Bill tried to listen as
the men called oil numbers. but his attention
wandered hack to a time before his wile
Mary had lelt him all alone. He was walking:
walking through his house. looking to see ii
anything needed repair. Everything seemed
to be in worktrrg order. and Bill sighed an
endless sigh. Then he heard Mary walking
rip the steps to the house. and he went to
greet her. She opened the front door. step
ped Inside. and eyed him with the smile he
had lallen in love with lorty-inur years
earlier. He sighed again.

"What is it?" she asked. sensing that
something was wrong.

"1 don't know what to do. I raked the
leaves. 1 llxed the lawn mower . . . I even
washed a lew dishes."

Mary walked over to Bill and placed her
warm hand in his. She put down her
package and placed her other hand on his
shoulder.

"Bill. i know how hard it's been on you
these last lew months."

"Do they think i can't work? Do they think
that because the government says l'rrr too
old. that i can't do a better job than those
lazy and greedy . . . "Bill shook his tread
“l'ru sorry Mary. but sometimes I can't help
it "

“I know Bill. 1 know. but is it really so bad?
in least we're together. and we have a larrrtly

"Yeah. Some son we've got. Would it
hurt him to call once in . . ."

"l’lease. Bill. Henry's it good Srrti. You
know how busy he gets."

“Yeah. yeah."

Mary took her hand irom Bill's shoulder
and placed it on his cheek. She smiled
broadly. and he stared into her lovely.
yotttlrlttl lace. Alter a lew seconds. her
loveliness overcome his irritability. and he
Illa-tr "ton: David Wad.

 

 

the wurrls that had been carved into an itu- (

piession on the bronze. but he just couldn't

“i

seem to remember them. Bill stared up at the . ' r

ceiling lot the last time and then abruptly met .
the rillUttitiutt sun. This caused salt water to-
iorirr. momentarily. at the bottom ol each oi
his eyelids. He scared the tears away. as the
men continued to carry the stretcher toward if
the ambulance.

The attendants put Bill into the back oi the
Medical Unit number 21. started the engine.
and drove away. He thought ol the
screeching sirens. and lltL’lt lell asleep.

A lew people squeemd into the elevator.
and the other passengers were forced to,
relinquish sortie oi their space. The doctor;
remedied his situation by pulling Bill

McNerir's chart in closer to his chest. giving .

the appearance ol inconvenient sacrillce. He

was relieved when the elevator stopped at M: .
, .. W

the third lloor. and two people exited.

The door opened at the nlntlr iloor and
the doctor stepped out. Walking down the
East Corridor. Ire viewed what resembled a
long perspective. with each door represen- ‘
ting another position of sickness anrl age
moving toward the. horizon. He lrimseli was
immune to most ol the emotional and
physical effects of sickness. simply because it
(llsagreed with his concept oi "today's iarntly
doctor." He ignored most ol the details ol
the hospital setting — the counter nurse
emitting the computerized “May | help
you?." the man with one healthy leg. and a
wooden stick with a rubber support at the
bottom to replace his rerrroved leg. and the
lonely old. senile woman in her wheelchair
— and walked into a room in the middle of
the hall.

"Well Bill. how are you leeling today?"

"OK . and yoursell'.’"

"Can't complain."

Bill stopped looking at the doctor and
began staring at the wall ahead oi ltiitr. Thi.I
beige colored wall was shiny and SlUt'llt'
looking. and on it hung a mirror that was iii
the range oi Bill's vision. He looked iii the
mirror and saw his snd rellcction stirring brick

at hint.

"I see iroiri your chart that you're doing
much better. Bill." said thcl doctor.

“Oh? What exactly does it say)"

"Well. sparing you all the medical jargon.
it simply states that the heart attack was a
minor one. Now. this doesn't mean you'rtI
totally out ol danger. No Silt’t' it merely
means that we're going to have to rrrn some
more tests lor tr couple oi Wei-ks. let you rest
up a bit. and then we'll send you out tirto the
hue World again " The doctor smiled brightly
at Bill,

“I have to rest here. their." He put his
head down lot a minute.

“Yes. i think so. Bill. We'll make things as

 

*f.

‘r’h.

what's going on around hint. l'irt sure you've
noticed tlrisvon your visits. and i wanted to
talk to you about it."

Henry sighed. and pulled iurtously on his
cigarette

"Well. Doc. to tell you the truth. i haven't
seen lrtrrr in quite some time. so I Wouldn't
know."

"Oh?" said the doctor. leigning surprise.
He had received that inlorination irom Bill's
nurse. and he ligured he would conlront
Henry with it

"Yes. you see my father and l haven't
really gotten along very well over the past
lew years "

“May | ask you wiry. Mr. McNair'r'" The
doctors curiosity was increasing. l‘lenry did
ttrrt wish to It'll this particular story again. htit
he did so lot thr- cruise ol brevity in the nor
vr-rsrrtiori

"Well. even before ury mother died .

"I'm sorry." Dr iii-hose said. although he

already knew

"Thanks She died iotii years ago. And
even ireioir- that lilttt'. Dad was distant He
didn't really let people ill on his aliairs. and
not everyone appreciated his tough manner.
When my mother rltr-rl. things got even
\vorsc lll.‘ shut himsell oil horn tust about
everyone Plus. he had lost lth rob earlier
that same year. because oi mandatory tt'ltit'
merit."

Thr- rloclor shook his head and shrugged

"When I olier‘etl to help him." continued
l‘lenr'y. "he wuuld tL’llitri’ We ended rip
arguing more in that time than We had tn the
whole time I was growing up. And . . ."

"But things have changed now. and your
lather Is a sick. old man." tntertected Dr.

   

   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

"Take care now,"

uYtitt llttt, line "

"OK. Bye-bye."

"(iood bye."

Bill stared at the wall as il he roulrl ‘u't'
through it. ()u the other side. he saw pit
tures hung up ill the same symetucally
. curelul. lovmg manner that Mary used to
hang up paintings on the walls oi tin-n
home. His lavor‘ite painting was the one
showing a long. placid stream. Hr.- always
admired the beautilul visual texture ol the
painting. which made him Niilll to break

' through the glass of the home. jrtst lor‘ the

privilege ol dipping his hand into the cool.
natural spring water. Mary had pointed that
r. one. and Bill remembered thel way her
Icnrler hand Would tame the rough canvas
jwith each new stroke oi her brush. That
painting had been hung next to the painting

' , oi the beautliul young child. rurrrrlrig playlul-

ly with a beach ball. And next to that. lrrrrig a

bronze plate with a poem impressed into the

. metal. “What is a house?" was the name oi

. the poem. “It was a very short poem." recall-

‘. ed Bill. He was never one lor remembering
literature. but for some reason the Words and
the plate itsell had lritrigued him. He loved
the way it shone on a Sunday morning Bill
tried to remember the words. but alter a lew
minutes oi iailure to recall anything more
than the title. he gave up.

The nurse wheeled Mr. Ackerrnan into his
room. His gall stone operation a lew days
post only served to increase the malign
ieatures oi the old. disgruntled .lewislr man
But Mr. Ackermrrn was essentially harmless.
and he spent most ol his time reading. grun
ttrrg. complaining. talking to Bill. and sobli
litg soltly to himsell. Bill never really enjoyed
hearing Mr. Ackerman's complaints. but lti'
did appreciate the iact that he had stittn'ritn'
to talk to. l le remembered someone at Work
whose manner resembled that ol Mi Arkrfr
man. and he thought oi that during certain
oi the conversations they would have

"My children. they're always concerned
with my health " Mr. Ackerinnn coughed .r
lew times. held his side itr pain. and lltt'tt
continued

"They think I don't eat r'iglrt. or that I don't
takrI care oi ntysi-ll the way my wrlv Sadie
may she test tit peace ~ used to take rune oi
lllt’

“My Wth’ used to take good care oi titt'.
too." ‘ulltl Bill. wrtli a smile oi rr-nrnrtsr'cnt t'

"Sure sure. lint now we've got to
take care lor ourselves Our children Won't
do tl My children. they visit. sometimes they
bring my grandchildren . but help. they
won't give They badger and yell. and they
don't understand. Maybe they'll understand
when they get to be our age."

Bill listened quietly to Mr. Ackermr‘m's

continued on prth 120

Campus Center, and Admission is
Free to ALL.

Wednesday, May 20 Canoe Trip Down the
Delaware River (No. 1)

Buses leave Circle at 6:45 a.m.
Buses leave Narrowsburg at 4:00 p.m.
Dues Paying Seniors - $7
Others - $14

Wednesday, May 20 Fairwell to the Rafters
Buses leave at 8:30 p.m.
Dues Paying Seniors — A Dime (Can you
believe it?)
Others - A Buck
Bus - $2.50

Thursday, May 21 Canoe Trip Down the
Delaware River (No. 2)
Buses leave at 6:45 a.m.
Buses leaving Narrowsburg at 5:00 p.m.
Dues Paying Seniors - $7
Others — $14

Thursday. May 21 Trip to Boston
Buses leave at 8:45 a.m.
Buses leave Boston at Midnight .
Bus leaves Boston from Quincy Market
Dues Paying Seniors -- $6 (Greyhound
charges $50)
Others $14.00

Thursday, May 21 Trip to Montreal
Buses leave at 8:15 a.m.
Buses leave Montreal at 12:00 p.m.
Bus leaves Montreal from Queen
' el
Dlhzzblﬁhiyirg‘Seniors - $7 (Greyhound
charges $75)
Others —- $15

Tickets will be on sale in the Campus Center dur-

ing the following days and times:

Tuesday, Apr. 28 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. v (Dues Paying
Wednesday, Apr. 29 9 a.m. to l p.m.-"
(for all others)
Wednesday, Apr. 29 l p.m.-5 P-mo
Thursday, Apr. 30 9 a.m. to 7 0-!“-
There will be absolutely no refunds.
Tickets must be paid for in cash. moch order. Ol’

Bank check.

 

gﬁiNﬁ'NﬁWiﬁN/[IIIII’IIIAQ

Atlantic City
Friday. May 22

1 l a.m.

Lake George

«*7

A

‘35‘3

This will be refunded in chips or
quarters upon your arrival in

Clambake at Mohawk Campus
Buses leave Circle every 15 minutes from

Dues Paying Seniors — $3
Others — $9

no cars allowed

Friday, May 22 Moonlight Boatride on

(There will be two boats)

Buses leave at 7:15 p.m.

Buses leave Lake George at 11:30 p.m.
Dues Paying Seniors - $3

Others - $7

Friday, May 22 Senior Night at Saratoga Raceway
Buses leave at 6:30 p.m.
Buses leave Saratoga at 12 midnight
Dues Paying Seniors - hali—a-buck
Others -- $1.75
Bus - $2.00

Saturday, May 23 Day at Riverside
Amusement Park
Buses leave at 8:00 a.m.
Dues Paying Seniors — $3

Others -- $9

Ceremony begins on Football Field

at 9:00 p.m.

Must arrive at 8:00 p.m.
E‘chnight lnlo

Seniors & 'l'orchbearer's must
arrive at the bus stop side of the
Physical Education Building by
8:00 pill. There. they will be
directed into a double line for the:

k
it
‘2
it
i
E Saturday, May 23 Torch Night and Reception
i
k
S

processional. Seating for parents
and, guests is. limlled to the
bleacher' seats on the opposite
side of the Physical Education
Building.

Sunday, May 24 Graduation

Seniors only)

Senior Membership Cards will be distributed
Monday, Apr. 27 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Tuesday. Apr. 28 9 am to Noon

Past dues are $4 per semester. You need your
card to bl. v tickets at Discount Prices.

 

NO PERSONAL CHECKS.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

