  
   
 

~31; .

  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

     
   
     
 
 
  
 
 
    
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
  

  
 
      
  
   
 

  

     
 
  

 
  
    
    
 
     
   
       
       
      
       
       
     
   
      
        
    
         
          
      
         
       
     
     
     
       
        
       
         
     
        
       

 

 

 

 

    

 

' It GOIII

hances are, if The Competitionwas
gradually about competition it might
have been a damn good movie. it
could have been a revealing took at the
behind-the-scenes goings on at an interna-
tional piano competition — a Turning Point
of classical music if you will. Unfortunately
Writer-Director Joel Oltarisky doesn't have
Such lofty goals and the movie ends up by
being nothing more than another sappy love
story.

Mark. Rossier

The first fifty minutes are really quite in«
teresting. We see Amy lrvlng. Richard
Dreyfuss. and the rest of the competitors
preparing for the contest. We're given
whatever background is necessary and we
get some inslglrt into the way such
-"matches" are run. At this point the filrrr is
working as well as any sports drama: we get
the two "athletes" preparing for the big
event. we see their training and their
sacrifices. and we get some insight into their
motivation. At one point. one of the pianists
is told. "Von marry it (the piano) the way a
nun marries Jesus." While a bit trite. the
gets the message across, and so does the
early part of the film.

However. just as the tension begins to
build. the story literally comes to a stop. Up

Laurels Eor Hardy

 

to now, lrving has been outgoing, but
Dreyfuss has remained aloof. preferring not
to clutter his concentration. The film-maker.
realizing he has painted himself into a corner
with the two characters. has to resort to
some absurd plot devices in order to get
them together. First, the mother (or guar-
dian) of a Russian competitor chooses the
day before the finals to defect. This is a
rather obvious. and'jingotstic. subplot since
the Russian girl is the only non-American
entered. This automatically delays the event.
Dreyfuss' parents come to San Francisco to
see him in the finals and because of the delay
are forced to leave. But not before his
mother has a chance to reveal that his father
is critically ill and may die any day. Dreyfuss
must then decide if he wants to go back
home and take a nice safe teaching job or
make one final attempt at the big time. All
this tension leads him into (you guessed it)
the waiting arms of Ms. irviirg. who is feeling
lust a bit rebellious and frustrated herself.
Once these two get together. the lilttVlL'
virtttally spirals into a bottomless pit of boy
meets-girl<boy-loses-girlrboygets-girl
cliches. These people actually say things like
"I want to come i'nside you and pull you
around me like a blanket. " and "What does
this damn misbegotten competition haue to
do with you and me?" Theoretically. the
love story is not without interest. After all

Sound I Wolon

da BeenA Gontender

 

Dreyfuss and lrving are. conveniently. the
two front runners and only one of them can
win. and we know fairly early on that they
are going to finish first and second. We're left
with the question of what the loser will do
while the winner goes on the two years of
concert bookings that are the first prize. Paul
and Heidi Joan face all the problems of a
modern couple. plus a few extra. Yet every
time the movie gets close to confronting any
of the really significant issues the union might

 

 

Richard Dreyfuss delivers a less
than virtuoso performance in
Olinrioky'o The Competition.

raise. it pulls away. instead of being an in--
teresting modern couple. Paul and Joan end
up as nothing more than two cloytng in
dividuals who happen to be in love.
Richard Dreyfuss gives the usual Richard

. ...2:....'u., 6. 1981'

Dreyfuss performance. the same one he's
been giving since Duddy Krauttzz smug and
arrogant. yet feigning cuteness and
vulnerability in order to get the girl. He is a
tiresome screen presence who lacks both
charisma and talent — he won't be able to
live off The Goodbye Girl forever. 1 usually
find Amy irving‘s brand of dewy-eyed moon-
ing irritating, but here she's learned to act
with her eyes both open and dry and she
ends up being relatively charming. Although
i am hardly an expert on piano recitals, both
lrving and Dreyfuss are convincing. if occa-
sionally melodramatic. during the concert
scenes. ft is difficult to look involved in a per-
formance when you're not actually playing
the instrument. birt both actors manage the
task well.

Stealing the show. lrn-wr-wr. is Lee
Renrick. who gives an absolutely dazzling
supporting performance as ltt'lltg'ﬁ teacher
and mentor. She completely dominates
every scene she's in. leaving everyone else
desperate just to get noticed. She does have
-the advantage of having every good litre iii
the picture. but that doesn't detract from the
brilliant life she gives them. Renriitk gives the
film a spirit and sense of dedication lacking
elsewhere; if she were the central character.
things probably would have been a lot more
fun to watch. .

Polanski’s Elegant Return

oman Polanski's new film is based
% on Thomas Hardy's novel. Tess of

the D'Urberutlfes. Tess is a lush.
slow moving melodrama —— in the best
senses of those various terms. The tragedy of
Tess. as conceived by Hardy. could be the
stuff of fat trash paperbacks. it rises to the
level of masterwark because Hardy knew
Tess’s heart of hearts. His novel unfolds it

Larry Kinsman

before us. and so it is with the film. Polanski
has gotten the very breath out of the novel.
The depth of the portraits makes the destiny
of each of these characters riveting.

While a film like The Great Gatsby
floundered in a too loving reverence for the

r  w

 

 

  
   

«,t'L‘ A'. '.‘ ' ‘
Nan-III- Klnoltlr
Soft and steely u JTeu.
fictional form, Polanski knows where his
own admiration should end and his adapta-

tion begin.

The running time is 170 minutes. yet the
audience never grows restless. Tess seems to
have. in itself. the pace of a Victorian novel:
satisfying in the unhurrled ease by which we
can savor it.

This all goes very well with the subject of
the camera. The English countryside is laid
out in a visual feast. The loving attention to
the land makes for a strange contrast bet-
ween the richness of nature arid the grinding
poverty of the farm folk which has produced
Tess. Consider the redness of the strawberry
Alec feeds to Tess. or the coral intensity of
that last sunset behind Stonehenge — both
make our own urban world seem slckeningly
pale by comparison. The setting is as rusttcal-
iy romantic as that of any gothic.

Polanski co-authored the screenplay with
Gerard Bach and John Brownjohn. Perhaps
the best thing about the script is that it
recognizes how cinematic Hardy is to begin

with. The book abounds in such things as the
Bible quote on the fence: “Blessed are the
Merciful." just in the background as Angel
leaves Tess for Brazil. There is the spot of
blood expanding on the ceiling. beneath the
floor where Alec lies murdered. Again
Polanski is to be congratulated for knowing

when not to tamper with a good thing.

ing her for it. it is in this scene that Polanski
uses one of his quieter camera tricks. As Tess
struggles to confess. the camera swings gent-
ly forward until we are looking at the bobbing
head and deaf ears of the cart horse.

As Tess draws to a close. we see Angel
keeping watch over his sleeping wife. She

lies on one of the great stone slabs-v50 ob-
viously a sacrificial altar that one does not
even consider it at firstudressed in the red
silk of a great lady. or a harlot. Two mounted
policemen ride slowly out ot the mist. and

Angel begs them to let her sleep just a mo-
..

ment longer.

The novel simply contains a marvelous
story: the poor family discovering they are
descendants of Norman conquerors — the
climactic scene at Stonehenge. There is a
solid plot here. While the focus is decidedly
on character and the contemplation of fate.
the plot carries us along on the strength of in-
evitability. Polanski is able to take a
languorous look at Wessex and these men
and women because Hardy provided a plot
that grips like a sadness of one's own. Still.
plot is never uppermost in our minds;
without fanfare it keeps the film's pace from
becoming majestically stoltd. One cannot
help recalling here the stupefying Barry Lynv
don.
All around. Tess is a coup in terms of
casting. Nastassia Ktnski is at once soft and
steely as the heroine. The close-ups of her
face are so penetrating that we feel we are
learning her cruel lessons for ourselves. for
the first time. We think of her eyes when
Alec offers her the strawberry-~this is
somehow the beginning of the end; and then
there is the almost mute power of the scene
where she makes a bed of leaves in the cold
forest. murmuring: "All is vanity." A mo-
ment later a magnificent hart appears to gaze
at her and then wander off. She dons
Angel's diamonds and becomes radiant as a
queen; Angel rejects her. and the jewels
become baubles on a silly child. Miss Ktnski is
artful enough to make Tess always instinc-
tive. never calculating. Perhaps this is why
hers is such a feminist story. The equality of
women is never articulated. instead it is
shown to be a plain natural fact.

Peter Firth is all radiant blondness as
Angel Clare. He has the spriteliness of the
young man who plays a flute and makes all
the dairy maids fall in love with him. Flrtli
does a splendid job of making the transition
from tender lover to cad. As he walks the
road with his hands at his sides. callously tell-
ing Tess that she is the last of a race of
degenerate aristocratsfwe remember the
young man huddled with his girl under a
canvas. The rain is falling on their milk
wagon and he is telling her she could have

o - r
Diamond On The Books

- Mark Bossier

've never demanded that every single aspect of every single film make complete
and total sense. i realize that there is such a thing as dramatic license and that cer-
tain realistic details may sometimes be overlooked for overall effect Nonetheless.
certain things about The Jazz Singer troubled me.
For example. I found it a little odd that Neil Diamond (the jiw. singer iir question) was

. able to get out of bed. pick up his guitar and compose “Love on the Rocks" almost llTi-

mediaiely in one sitting. it also didn't seem perfectly realistic that a hard rock superstar (or at
least this film's version of a hard rock superstar) Would choose that particular song to irr-
clude on an album. However. that wasn't quite as strange as the moment when Neil decid-
ed to perform the song for the hard rock superstar as the ballad it was meant to ire and the
hard rock band was able to convert his request that they “Take it slower" into a perfect or»
rangement.

Maybe i just have a thing about arrangements. but it did seem weird that after being in
LA. a mere two weeks. Neil was able to round up. in a matter of days. musicians who
could play perfect renditions of all his original compositions. And since when are songs writ-
ten on a guitar or piano in someone's kitchen easily adaptable to a full orchestra? Why is a
pop singer singing with a full orchestra anyway?

it also seemed rather bizarre that no one in a small Texas town had any idea who the Jazz
Singer was even though he trad a gold album in the rest of the country (how did he get to
Texas anyway?). This final point is so trivial that i almost hesitate to mention it. but i did firrd
it a tad unbelievable that by darkening his skin and putting on a wig Neil was able to con-
vince a bar full of blacks that he wasn't white. They only figured it out when he began clapp-
ing his bands which had not been colored. Why. i wonder. were the hands of the guitar
player not colored? But as I said. l'm probably just being overly critical.

Nor do 1 think that every film has to have Academy Award calibre performances (not that
the Academy's standards are so high). but in retrospect I think there are one or term pieces
of advice i could give to certain cast members. Neil Diamond might do will to burn every
copy of this epic. He runs the gamut of emotions from A to B and has the expressiveness of
Mt. Rushmore iii a blizzard. Any copies that Neil can’t get hold of Laurence Olivier might do
well to get his hands on. He is. unbelievable as it may sound. even worse here than he was
in The Betsy. To see a once- great actor performing this badly is as sad as it is embarrassing.
Tire rest of the cast is uniformly awful with only Catlin Adams and Lucie Arnaz emerging
with some shred of dignity. though neither is especially brilliant. .

With a bad plot and bad acting you may be getting the Idea that The Jazz Singer is a bad
movie. but wait. what about that great Neil Diamond soundtrack? Where else could one
hear "Hello Again" at least four times?

No one this side of Joni Mitchell could write a lyric like “At 72 it‘s hard to get around/At
72 but not now/We‘ll get around ‘cause we know how." The last tlriirg I would ever want to
do is insult Neil or his dynamic score. but i still think the best song in the movie is "Havah
Negilah." '

Like I said. maybe l'irr just being too judgemental. Maybe logic and talent and decent
songs are too much to expect from a musical. especially one about a pop singer called Tire

 

 

no secret so bad that he Would ever stop lov- .

Wu Singer. y

 

  
     

 
 

  

  

   

  

   

 

 
 
  

 
 
   

    

  

   

 

 

 

   
 

 

  
  

  

 

   

 

  

 

    

   

  

  

 

  

 

 
  
 

 

   

 
 

 

 

  

 

 
 

 

   
  

 
 

 

 
 
 

   
 

 

  

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

  

  

  
 

 

 

  

  

 

     

  

  
   

 

  

 

 

   

 

 

  

  
  
 
 

  

   
     
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

February 6, I981

iViva Sandinista!

Sound'&

 

Violon

Irage 7a|

Songs From The Working clash,

he Clash really need no introduc-

tion. After two critically acclaimed

' albums. The Clash and Give ‘Em

Enough Rope. In which they blasted just

about every accepted social system. they

finally attracted commercial notoriety with
London Calling.

Ed ﬁnka

London Calling shelved the garagesound
production. and devoted lyrics to some
more accessible subjects. such as commer-
cialism. movie stars and simple fun. Besides
this. the two-album set (non-import) could
be had for under ten bucks. when other
super groups demanded double digits for
double vinyl. Every "working man" should

 

'have one. While at first disappointing by

comparison to the first two albums. repeated
listenings allowed easier digestion (or did the
album digest me'r‘).

Well. The Clash dotr't quit. They're "the
only group that matters". and their new
album Sandinisto. u Ii l.l' (count ‘ein) set will
take even more listenings before this aural
barrage of ideas can lie savored as a
delicacy.

Tire album's title r times from the name of
tire Nicaraguan (Handinisias) who
overthrew rrtlre Aillt'lllrili backed Homo/a
government Needle-u. to say. the title typo
track “Washington lirillets" i\ .r lrlast on ian
perialisitr. both Attir'rrcan and Russian.
covering the Boy of l’igs to Afghanistan

This is typical f‘lash. What is unusual.
however. is the way in winch The Clash base

titlir'ls

their attacks.

Joe Strurrrrnet got his Marxrl.enin ideas
from an Introduction to Political Science
book. It was written in black and white. and
this is the way Strinnnrers sees politics. He
lives iii an environrrrent where social pro-
bletns are presented simply.

But when Joe shoots at Third World
politics. he misses the mark. l'lts lack of ex-
posure and lack of understanding of the
political situations. cloud the lyrics and make



Gheering 'I'he

6‘rriday night at J.B. Scott's marked

the return of the All-American

Boy. Rick Derringer. to the Capitol
District area. Derringer. after losing about
twenty-five pounds in the last three months.
was iii tip-top shape and ready to play.

Dave Cass

The crowd was in a very up mood. as they
were expecting a satisfying evening of rock
‘n' roll. They received much more than they
bargained for however. as Derringer had

 

    

them miss the target.

Musically the album is interesting but a lit-
tle disappointing. Mick Jones' guitar playing
is Missing in Action. Jones' one briglri mo-
ment in “Someone Got Murdered." sounds
like a London Calling tune. Joe Sirummer
vocally dominates the album — his raps.
rasps. narrations. screams. yells. grunts and
other assorted sounds can be heard on
almost every song.

Topper Headon and Paul Simonorr pull

 
  
 
 

irum along with a he bottomed reg
gae sound, Mickey Gallagher. the keyboar~
dist fioiir The lilocklreads. also adds to the
lilll sound.

After three professionally produced
albums. The Clash have finally taken corri-
plete control. Sondinr‘sta was produced in
NYC's lilecirtc Ladyland sturlios which gives
way to certain New York sounding lyrics and
contents.

"Liglrining Strikes" opens with a segment

started chanting Der-rin-gerl. l)L'I'l'lIi-K_itfll to
which Rick responded with some l’ete
'l'ownslrend style witrditrills,

The first part of the. show consisted mainly
of Songs off the Guitars And Women album.
lrul then changed direction with the song
"Don't fiver Say Goodbye." .r 1971i lrit.
‘lr‘iginally meant as a love song. this lt'litll'
tion was anything lrui one. in addition to the
shock of hearing this song iii a totally new
fashion. was the shock of hearing it at all;
Derringer simply does not play this in live
performances. in appreciation for this well
done surprise. the roared with
raucous. bawdy applause.

Rick's band backed him up coiiipetetiily
on most of the numbers played and the
up on stage

crowd

members seemed happy to be
and playing. Rick was the dominant force
however, and overshadowed the rest of the
band. This cortld have been a detriment. as
Ben King. the keyboardist. was the perfect
complement for Rick's guitar.

The band's next set of tunes included Der-
rttrger staples such as “Uncomplicated."
"Teenage Love Affair." and “Rock And Roll
Hooclrie Koo." During the latter song. Derr-
inger displayed his style of blues. which is
something like Johnny Winter's. He also
snuck in “Soirrewhere Over the Rainbow"
from The Wizard of Oz. which was a very in-

from WBAi. a NY. radio station. before cut-
ting into the song about the sutnmer transit
strike. ' ‘

"Call-Up" is a march-beat. anti-draft tune.
and like "Lightning." is one of the better cuts
on the album.

A lighter totre Is heard on “Let's Go
Crazy." Calypso in beat. the song’s lyrics
refer to island violence. and contain a nice
reference to the King of Calypso. the Mighty
Sparrow. (1980 was his 25th anniversary in

, ‘ I.» t

r‘lj

the record bit.

Sirummer gives up the lead for a few
noteworthy tunes. leaving llre responsibility
to certain guests.

"l'litsville UK." is sung by filleir Foley.
Mick .lones' beau. and is a tribute to all small
record labels. Paul Simonon proves again
that Clash reggae sounds good in
monotone. itr the song "The Crooked Beat.
()l' pal Mikey Dread is (lumped on side six in
“Living in Fame." which. if not for Mickey

tuniiles." might have become the dust collec-
ting side of the album.

A lesser known guest. Timon Dogg, an
lrish fiddler. performs his own "Lose This
Skin" as a fresh break before The Clash
return. The following tune. "Charlie Don't
Surf." is based on an Apocalypse Now
quote.

The album has some real killers as well as
a few kldders. "Police on my Back," an Ed-
dy Grant time, should be a big hit. “lvan
Meets GI. Joe" is a disco-arms race tune
with a catchy beat.

A most interesting tune is the gospel toned
"Sound of the Sinners.” with the soulful
Strumtner reflecting upon his view of
religion.

Jazz is also covered in a remake of Mose
Allison's “Look Here."

Some of the Kidders (not filler. because
the Clash don't fill. and seemingly don't hold
back songs for later) are “If Music could
Talk." a dual channel vocal mix with a sax
solo which serves to confuse everything
quite a bit. l was tempted to play the in.
struiirenial “Merrsfortlr Hill" backwards to
hear .loe admit he buried Mick. "Rebel
Waltz" starts with a nice guitar intro. The
drearti-like war lyrics are set itr waltz time givA
ing the tune a foggy. romantic souner

A score card on this album and all its
songs rvoulrl hardly be fair The Clash once
related s‘iitrple political ideas with simple
music. Now that they have broadened, it's
not so simple. Tire politics have gotten corri-
ples and the hand. which once wanted to
play in the garage all night. has either uroved
to a better garage or a studio. for a
sophisticated sound,

it is l‘Jtil. The Clash have moved - their
ideas have moved. Tlieir bellies are full but
they still rertrember playing for beers. What
could have been a great single or a good
double album, is a better than average triple
Ll’ which is available for art affordable price.

With Sandlnlsla. it seems that The Clash

have widened their views while possibly nar-
O

Gallagher's son's remake of "Career Oppor- rowing their audience.

All-American Boy

For the crowd. this night had ended all too
soon. They had witnessed and participated
iii a memorable night of rock ‘rr' roll. Derr-
inger promised to be back again. and. with
he intensity he played with. Ire should be

played "They're Coming To Take Me Away.
Hal Hal." which was an appropriate song by
this time. as the crowd was golrrg literally
berserk. Finally. Rick played his 1‘)er hit
“Hang on Sloopy" and Neil Young's “Ru-«3'
Never Sleeps."

’Folyroeks
8: Papa Rolls

back very sot in. O

Polwock especially frotn Cathy Oblasney Would also
'nr trot the groupie-type. but when he “PPWClaled'
l‘olyrock returned in dB Scolts last Papa
Thursday night. i had to go. The opening band was another NYC tras-

Since the band has released no new edband. Papa.
material. I expected no surprises. Entering
the door. however. i saw (and heard) the
first of many goodies.

Polyrock's first pass through Albany went
almost shamefully u’nnoticed. The intimate
party atmosphere of the first concert was

Hard-rockislr in nature. the band rolled tight-
ly through a number of original tunes like.
“The Edge of Night" and “Thin Line".

Formerly knnwrr as Come to Papa, the '
band is moving along after a slow start. .

Papa's guitarist. vocalist Nick Pardon. -‘_r

 

replaced with a much larger crowd who soon
joined the other returnees in making the
concert another party.

The next surprises were to be found on
stage. Drummer Tom Yannece. returning to
the group after suffering with a broken leg.
never missed a beat. Also. the addition of

band for only the sixth time.
Tire most interesting asset of Papa ts
violinist. Mark Wood.
Wood, who builds violins. was packed

played heavy guitar leads backed by strong .-.
drunrmlng by Dave Lewltt and bassist Paul 
Hi. Paul did an excellent job playing with the .

 
   
  
 

lllclt Darrin or Allv

ina e up tl5 min to ma e t is a
night. From the iiart of the show. to the very
end. Rick's guitar emitting brute. crisp
rockiti' music.

The band came on stage at 11:35 and got
right into “Guitars And Women." Derringer's
silver and black. Z-shaped guitar was used to
its fullest in this song. as it was throughout
the rest of the night.

The crowd was extremely responsive
throughout the first song and immediately

  

terestirrg combination.

 

more. and play they did. They broke tm

mediater into a jam that served as an in

tmduciiott to l)
Derringer

cued

After a short five rrrtnute break. the band
was summoned by the crowd to play some

avid Bowte's classic tune
"Rebel. Rebel." Continuing with surprises.
and his band started playtrrg
“Kaslrrnere” by Led Zeppelin. but then pro~
ed into a lengthy blues jarrr once more.
To kick off his third and final set. Derringer

two new songs threw some variety in the set
favorites. “Romantic Me". “Green for Go".
and “Your Dragging Feet".

Tire musicianship has troticealrly flourish-
ed. and the band's easy rapport with the live-
ly crowd made for an enjoyable. foot flinging
evening.

Hopefully. Polyrock's tnateiial-iovconre
will feature a little diversion from their uni-
que. minimal dance tunes. More vocals.

 

with a six-string electric home-built. Design-
ed like a human arm. the extra two strings
gave Wood a broader range which was fully
realized during his solos in the tunes. “Sex
and Violence" and “Elaina”.

Papa‘s style and talent will hopefully 
spread to now-deaf ears and when they "
return in 3 weeks. nrore people will come to
apa. \. .

— Ed Pink-

 
   
  
 
  

t.

.m.

.3."

'1'

        
  
 

 

