 

t'rur'i - ~

any.

.. .- acerEtEEEitI-sr'z‘cvmx

~ .4. v.” .;m

i
.t
.
‘1

 

 

w.-
i.
92
r

, .

 

 

 

 

W5. “5..., ,,.

«rm.

4r-unrait.:-u..u.~t.;r ‘3

WORldCApstIItss

 

 

Agnew Ordered to Pay A

ANNAPOLIS, Maryland (AP) Former Vice President
Spiro T. Agnew was ordered today to pay the state of
Maryland $248,735. a sum the judge said represented
money Agnew allegedly atcepted as kickbacks while
governor of Maryland. The amount that Judge Bruce C.
William ordered Agnew to pay includes 5147.500 in
kickbacks. plus $101,235 in interest. Williams ruled that
the evidence clearly showed Agnew had violated his
public trust by accepting kickbacks and that he had an
obligation to repay the people of Maryland for violating
their trust. The state had tried to subpoena Agnew as a
witness. but Williams ruled he did not have to testify in
the civil suit ﬁled by three taxpayers. A federal investiga-
tion of the alleged kickback scheme resulted in Agnew’s
nO-contest plea to a charge of income tax evasion and his
resignation as vice president on October 11. 1973. He
paid about 5160.000 in back taxes. penalties and interest
to the state and federal governments in 1974. according
to his lawyer. Thomas R. Harrison. The state has never
tried to prosecute Agnew. but Harrison said criminal
charges still could be filed. Agnew's former lawyer.
George White. Jr., testiﬁed Friday that be confronted tltc
former vice president in February. 1973. with allegatiorts
that Agnew had shared in kickbacks that had been
solicited from consulting engineers; During that Califor-
nia meeting, Agnew admitted to receiving kickbacks.
White testiﬁed.

Killer Still Unknown

BUFFALO. New York (AP) Photographs and ballistics
tests have failed so far to establish a link between a series
of slayings of black males in the Buffalo area and a white
soldier at Fort Benning. 0a.. the Buffalo Evening News
said Monday. The newspaper said witnesses to the fatal
shootings of four black males here last September and a
black man who survived a knife attack failed to pick the
soldier‘s picture out of a lineup of photos on Sunday.
The Evening News also quoted sources as saying
preliminary tests failed to match the bullets from tlte
September slayings with bullets and bullet casings seized
at the soldier's Buffalo home and the family's hunting
camp 40 miles southwest of Buffalo. Investigators
reportedly were waiting for results of tests on clothing
and knives conﬁscated at the soldier's Buffalo home last
week. The News said a preliminary report had shown the
stains on a military-type jacket owned by the soldier to
be human blood. Police in Buffalo and New York City
have been interested in the soldier. idetttificd by some of
the news media as Joseph G. Christopher. 25. after ltc
reportedly bragged to nurses at a Fort Benning hospital
that he had slain blacks in Buffalo and New York.

Bomb Exploded in Belfast

BFIJ-‘AST. Northern Ireland (AP) A bomb exploded
Monday in a booby-trapped truck in West Belfast. killirtg
one policeman and wounding tltrce others. after police
arrested 20 supporters of jailed hunger striker Bobby
Sands. The 27-year-old Sands. a convicted Irislt
Republican Army guerrilla. was reported close to dcatlt
on the 58th day of his fast at Northern Ireland‘s Maze
prison. The bomb was planted in a delivery truck hijack-
ed earlier in central Belfast and driven into the
predominantly Roman Catholic Andersortstown district.
Spokesman Gerry Carson at Belfast‘s main hospital. tltc
Royal Victoria. said the slain ofﬁcer was dead on arrival.
Two of the injured policemen were reported itt critical
condition. The bomb exploded as the ofﬁcers tried to
move the truck. police said. There was no immediate
claim of responsibility for the act. The blast cattte after
police arrested 20 prominent supporters of Sands early
today. following a day of rioting itt Belfast and clashes
with police in London.

Body Found Near Atlanta

ATLANTA (AP) Members of the special police task
force investigating the slayings of 25 young blacks were
called in Monday after a body was discovered in the
Chattahoochee River northwest of Atlanta. authorities
said. Cobb County police spokeswoman Lisa Crowder
said homicide detectives “think it's a black male." Site
said the body was discovered by two people about 4:30
p.m. in the river. which forms the boundary between
Atlanta's Fulton County and suburban Cobb County to
the northwest. She said authorities had not determined if
the body was that of an adult or a child. Four of the 25
victims In the string of slayings that began in July 1979
have been found in the Chattahoochee River. Three of
them were discovered In the river in the past month itt
Fulton County. south of where Monday’s discovery was
made. Two other victims in the series of killings have

 

 

 

been found In 3hr; Sbuih' River ln" Dekalb County. and

,1 one victim was discovered on the banks of the South

River. Earlier Monday. mourners buried the 25th victim
while police debated whether the search for a man miss-
ing since last week should be assigned 'to the task force
for investigation. Michael Cameron “Mickey” McIntosh,
at 23 the oldest of the victims whose deaths date from
July 1979. was buried at Kennedy Memorial Garden.
near the graves of seven earlier victims. Medical
authorities ruled that his death. like those of more than a
dozen other victims. was probably caused by asphyxia-
tion. Only three of the murder cases involve adults. All
three victims were small In stature and two of them - Ed-
die Duncan and Larry Rogers — were described as mental-
ly retarded. Police were debating whether the ease of a
missing 21-year-old man should be turned over to the
task force. which also is investigating one other disap-
pearance - that of 10»year-o|d Darron Glass. missing
since last September. Police spokeswoman Beverly Har-
vard said Monday that the disappearance of Jimmy Ray
Payne is still being handled by the missing persons unit.
which is attempting to cltcck out reports that the man
has been seen. Public Safety Commissioner Lee Browtt
reviewed the case Sunday and decided not to turn it over
to the task force because the missing persons unit still
had leads to investigate, Ms. Harvard said.

Pres. Optimistic on Budget

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) President Reagan's
economic plan regained momentum in Congress today as
House Speaker Thomas P. O’Neill. D-Mass.. all bttt con-
ceded the presidcnt‘s spending-cut package would pass
the Democratic-controlled House. At the same time.
Reagan's plan appeared to be back on the track in the
senate as well. The chairman of the Senate Budget Com-
mittee predicted today his panel will meet Tuesday and
approve a revised budget blueprint to accommodate
President Reagan's program of tax and spending cuts.
O'Neill told reporters: I‘I’vc been in politics an awful
long time and I know when you fight and when you
don‘t ﬁght." The speaker said a headcount of Democrats
— a day before Reagan was to address a joint House-
Senate session — showed numerous defections to the
president's side. The House will debate the budget bill
later in the week. He credited Reagan‘s cnormotts
popularity in the aftermath of the attempt on his life for
building support for his programs. This momentum.
O‘Neill said. would be difﬁcult to stop. Congress
members "go with the will of the people and the will of
the people today is to go with the president." However.
he accused the president Of “not knowing what's in his
own program." asserting that tltc budget could seriously
ieopardizc the federal prograttt to inoculate youngsters
against polio. smallpox and measles.

 

 

Campus Bniefs

 

Singer to Speak

Issac Bashevis Singer. a Nobel laureate irt literatttrc.
ltas been cltoscn as this year's commencement speaker.
bttt —— as Singer said himself — he will be making
“comments.”

Singer will also be rcceivirtg art honorary degree front
SUNYA at the cererttony. Scltatsky said.

Remember the Holocaust

A

 

V

JSC-Hillel urges the public to remember tltc six
million Jews and six million non-Jews killed during tltc
reign of the Nazi rcginte on Yont-Hashoah — Holocaust
Rememberance Day this Friday. May 1.

JSC plans to set up displays detailing scenes frortt
and information on the Holocaust tomorrow and Thurs-
day on the podium. and a commemoration cercntony
will be held Thursday night at 8 p.m. itt tltc Campus
Ccrtter Assembly Hall. All are invited to attend.

Recycle your Papers

Were you wondering what to do with this ASP after
you finished reading it? The Center for Environmental
Options. located at 196 Morton Avenue. Albany. across
from Lincoln Park. is urging the community to bring
old newspapers to their recycling drive. L

They will be accepting only loose or bagged
newspapers this Saturday artd Sunday. May 2 attd 3.
from 10 am. to 4 p.m. For more information. call the

 

LCenter at 472-9760.

Second Mission Flamed

OKLAHOMA cmt, Oklahoma (AP) The space shuttle
Columbia. riding atop a jumbo jctliner. landed Monday
at Tinker Air Force Base for an overnight refueling stop
before flying on to Florida, where its journey as the first
reusable space craft began. Once back at the Kennedy
Space Center at Cape Canaveral. wherelt was launched
on its maiden space flight April 12. the spacecraft will be
re-outtitted for the second of perhaps 100 missions.
NASA says the next Columbia mission may lakcplacc
within six months. The 534.000-pound SillllllC-Bocing 747
combination landed smoothly at 3:53 p.m. CDT in a
strong hcadwind. It had taken off from Edwards Air
Force Base in California some three and one ltalf hours
earlier. The takeoff had been delayed sontc three hours
while technicians installed a strut to secure a l7-piece
aluminum tail cone to the sltuttlc. The wltitc cone fits
over the shuttle's rocket engines and reduces drug. The
747 jctliner and the shuttle arrived at Tinker accorrv
panied by two blue and white NASA T-38 chase [litmus
One of tltcrn. flown by Donald K. “Dckc” Slaytou. Siltil
tlc test ﬂight program manager. will accompany the \lttp
on its second three and one ltalf hour iligltt home to
Florida. Oklahoma Gov. George Nigh was among about
100 people who came to watch as tltc 747 and its cargo
drifted in to a landing that was ttcarly as smooth as th
one the shuttle made by itself when it returned to the
California desert after its 36-orbit mission.

Group Charges Fraud

ALBANY. New York (AP) Continuing its drive for
public campaign ﬁnancing. a public-interest lobbying
group charged Monday that 146 state legislators hate $1
million left in their campaign war chests frottt last year's
clectiorts. “There is absolutely no restriction on Itow they
can use that money." said Derick Berlagc. director or the
state chapter of Common Cause. “They cart divert thow
funds for personal use. Tltcy could build a swimming
pool with the money if they watttcd to." Bcrlagc ilillttll-
ted that CornmonCause ltad no cvidcttcc of any
legislator building a swintntirtg pool with leftover cart.
paign dollars. But he said that state Assembly Minority
Leader Jnmcs Emery. R-Livingston. Itad used “about
$300“ of his surplus to “send ‘ottt Christmas cards."
Clarence Bassett. a spokesman for Emery. said the
minority leader had used the campaign money to send
out “about a thousand cards" to “contributors. ctttn»
paign workers and the press. Tltesc were professional.
not personal contacts." Bassett said. He said he felt the
cxpenditttrc was a proper campaign expense. addittg thttl
"politicians are campaigning 12 montlts of the year."

Benefit Concert Planned l

A concert for the benefit of the Italian crtrthqnttkc
victims. co-sponsored by the Roman Catholic Diocese
of Albany. the Italian-American Culture Foundation.
and SUNYA's Italian Studies program. will be lrcltl
Tltursday. May 7 at the Cathedral of the Immaculate
Conception on Eagle Street and Madison Avenue.

Tlte program, which begirts at 8 p.m.. will feature the
'urtivcrsity Chorale with Orchestra I’estiva. Donations
will be accepted. SUNYA students are encouraged to
donate whatever they can afford to give.

Indo-American Day Set

The New York State Office of General Services with
the cooperation of the Tri-City lttdia Association all!
present “Irtdo-Amcrican Day" at tltc Empire State
Pia/a. Strrtday. May 3. front 12 noon to 7 p.m.

Tltc day's activities will inclttdc a display of authentic
Indian arts attd crafts. a sampling of traditional illtliitll
foods. and slide presentations dcpicting lndirr torlrty.

Various performers will present a program of folk
(htnccs, instrumental music. and popular and clztssrr'ul
Indian songs tltrouglrottt the day.

Admission is free and fret: parking will he rrvttilnblv tn
the l’lﬂttl's underground parkirtg facility. For irrl'ortnu-
tiott. call 4745986.

The Olympics are Coming

The 1981 Special Olympics Arctt 10 Spring Liruncs wt“
be held this Sunday. Mtty 3. starting at 9 rt.nt. on
SUNYA‘s atltletic field.

Atltlctic competition will take place lit the l'r'isltct-»tli~t‘
throw. gyttttttlstics. divirtg. swimming. truck St field. the
Pc'llillhlon. pllysiCal fitness games. and wheelchair
events.

Special Olytnpics is an international organization pro-
viding sports training and competition to ntcrtntllt‘
retarded adults and children. It was created and spun-
Snn-‘d by the Joseph P. Kcrtncdy Jr. Foundation. Arctt
10 includes the counties of Albany. Columbia. (ircctrc.
Rettsscltter. Schenectady. and Schoharie.

Tlterc is no admission charge to the Spring (itttm‘m

 

 

~‘—.*"x<c~ -<l":~:—-:.

 

 

The public is irtvitcd to attend.

April 28, 1981

~ Albany Student Press

 

 

Faculty Honored at Student Banquet

by Judie Elsenberg

“I appreciate this honor." said
Craig Sipc of the Teacher Educa-
tion Departntent as he accepted the
certificate on the Patroon Room
stage. “being as it is an honor
which students bestow upon facul-
ty."

Sipc. the recipient of this year‘s
award for excellence in academic
advising, thanked the members of
the aWards selection committee as
he walked off the stage at the Sc-
cond Annual Tcaelting and Advis-
ing Awards Banquet this past Sutt-
day. Committee Cltair Maria Abctc
then announced tltc winner of the
award for excellence in teaching. A
round of applause burst ottt as T.J.
Larkirt of tire Rhetoric and Com-
ntunication (RCO) Depttrttncnt
walkcd up to receive his certificate.

“Heavens.” exclaimed Larkirt.
who tltcrt went on to say lte felt this
award was particularly meaningful
for Itittt. us this is his first job attd
since he is younger than most of his

r

by Susan Milligtttt

(iar'y Silvcrtnutt.

scr'vicc. Silvcrtnatt sttid.

ween (Sn-tern.) rtrtd the students."

write university.

 

LIIL‘ Silttl.

Committee Established to

Improve Bus Service

” Iltc Unrvcrstly Sertrttc has rrpptmctl tltc intplctncntrttion of the
lrttusportttttort Advisory Committee. according to the bill's initiator

.1 ltc standing committee will ntch directly witlt I’lrnn Depttrttncttt
DIrcctor Dcnttrs Stevens itt an effort to establish effective SUNYA bus

(‘ommittcc members will be selected irt May so that they may work
on the Fall '81 bus scltcdttlc with Stevens during the summer.

Although Central Council has at similar conttnittec. Silverman
believes that tltc existing group “htts ttot been an cl't‘cctivc lirtison bet-

Ilc llllIL‘Ll thrtt tltc Central Council committee is established at the
beginning of the semester and. thct'cfot'c. it "trstrrtlly trtkcs some time
for the committee to go into effect.“ Ilc'rttltlctl that while Central
Council Itrts slutlcnt support. the University Scrtrttc is backed by the
“Mainly we are trying to develop trtpptttl \\illt (Stctens) illlti
establish the committee as the sole representative . . .
different groups“ negotiating with Stevens. Siltt-rrtutn \rlitl.

'l‘hc contrttittce tvill ptobrthly consist of one trrculty scttttlttt. one slit»
dcrtt senator. and three other interested Sllltlullls, ottc of about is rt
rcsitlcrtt oi Alttrtrrti Quad. Itc utltlctl.

Stevens Silltl lrc thinks lltc newly cstrrblisltctl committee “will bttiltl
on the committee we had this year.

“The more input. the better.“ ltc Sitlti.

Scrtrttc University Community t'outrcil (‘lrtnr Rich 'l‘rrstor \lltti the
council is accepting tlpplictliltllh for membership on the new commit-
tcc. Applicants should submit rt letter explaining lltcrt interest and cv~
pcticncc in transportation hunters to the council. Sitttlcttts who use the
bus set \icc or lite on Alumni Quad are especially crrconrrrgerl to apply.

colleagues in the RCO Departmcttt.
He recalled his prc-tcaching days in
graduate school when he wondered
wltetlter he was “going to be any
good at this. I am particularly ﬁat-
tercd by this sign of appreciation
from the students." he said.

"We oftcrt don't thank the peo-
ple who've had a great impact on
our lives. who've taught tts
something." SA President Sue
Gold said to tire approximately 60
students and faculty members
gathered at tltc banquet. "We‘d
like to show tltosc people they‘ve
helped tts witlt this awards brut-
qttct."

Dean of Academic Affairs Helen
Dcsfosscs agreed, saying. “We
don't take time to thank those toil-
ing irt the vineyards —-- the teaching
vineyards and tltc advising
vineyards.“

Dcsf ' ttdtlcd she was plcascd
that students hurl converted anxiety
and frustration which could arise
ovcr poor advising and teaching in-

1

...

 

u-
,.
u-

ittstcutl of ten

 

J

to something as positive as the
awards banquet. "Students have
cortvcrtcd dissatisfaction (with ad-
vising) certainly in 1978. into a nice
event in 1980 and now in 1981." she
said.

Gold explained the impetus for
this cvertt. “About four years ago.
SA began to look more closely into
academia and problems students
would like to address with it." sltc
said. "A Ccrttral Council Ad Hoc
cortttttittee was formed to look ittto
this. and they found that teaching
and advising was an area irt which
people would like to see more
students involved."

At last year's banquet. tltc ﬁrst to
he ltcld. Joint Levato of the
Business School was ltortorcd for
excellence itt advising and Hclcrt
Horowitz of tltc Economics Depart—
rttcttt was awarded for excellence irt
teaching.

The five member selection corn~
ntittcc. comprised of stttdettt
volunteers. had begun seeking this
year's ll\\’ill‘tl candidates among tltc
SUNYA faculty in January. Accor-
ding to Mrtrirt Abctc. the committee
studied department evaluations.
and recotnntentlrrtions from
students rtnd faculty. as well as irr-

'fortnrtl questioning of students and
reports received by word of tttorttlt.

They also reviewed office littllls
the crttttlitlrttcs kcpt. their rtc-

cessibility and empathy towards
students. and their success in
stimulating students irt their ﬁelds.
The committee. Abete said.
originally selected 40 candidates
and later narrowed it down to nine
ﬁnalists before selecting one pro-
fessor to be honored for teaching
and one for advising.

Larkin and Sipe are to have their
names engraved on a plaque under
the names of last year's recipients.
said election committee tnentber
Mark Hirsch. The plaque. which is
presently in the SA office. will be
ltttng itt a prominent area in the
SUNYA Library. said Hirsch.

Also. the nine finalists received
certificates of rccogrtitiort at Sun-
day‘s banquet. Besides Larkin. the

lﬁttnlists in tire field of teacltirtg were
Jeffrey Bcrntatt of tire English
Department. Adrienne Gouraige of
French. Donald Rceb of Economics
attd Joseph Sltechart of Business.
Along with Sipe. tltc finalists itt the
rtrctt of advising were Helctt
Horowitz ol' the Economics Depart-
tttcrtt. .lolttt Levato of Business and
Joseph Zirnntcrntrtn of Political
Science.

At the crttl of tire cvcning. Gold
and Ccntrrtl ('ouncil Chair Pctcr
Wcittstock presented rt special
rtwrtrtl to Dean of Student Affairs
Neil litown. "In special recognition
of outstanding achievement itt ad-

N.Y. State Sued by

by Ken Gordon

Tltc New York Public Interest
Rcscttrclt Group. Inc. (NYPIRG)
filed suit against New York State
ycstcrtlny itt Albany County
Sttprcttte Court to prevent any fur-
ther expenditures of tttxprtyct‘
tnoncy trtttil tt sttttc butlch is puss-
ctl.

NYI’IRU Executive Director
Donald K. Ross said tltc sttttc‘s tll-
turtgcrncrtt with Key Ilrtrtk and thc
frth tltrtt strttc employees receive
payments in scrip rtr'c unconstitu-
tional. '

Ross Silltl that this scrip is no
agreement between the state and tire
bunk tltrtt extentbr credit to the state
tutti promised payment to the bunk.

According to Ross. the strttc cott-
Sillllilttll C.\|llt'\Si)' forbids the c\‘
tension of credit itt Article Setcrr.
section ii.

“The strttc is also irt \iolrttion of
Article Seven. section 7 which for-
bids prtytnent of SllllL' money
without it legal rrpptopr'itttiort."
sttid Ross.

Removal of Fence Leads to Feud

by Dave I.llllll.

The SIItIilCII rcnroval of at fence
frortt tltc wontcn‘s softball field has
rttiscd ttn argument between tltc
women's softball team and tire
Physical Plant Department. rtccot'»
tlittg to softball couch I.cottrt
thcttish.

The fence. which has been bttilt
evcry softball SCIISUII since 1974.
was erected to enclose tltc softball
ficltl front the activities of adjacent
ficltls.

“While the fence was still up. the
[liliilL‘S run much ntotr smoothly."
thcttish cxpluittctl. “We didn't
have to worry rrbout dogs running
on tltc field or balls constantly toll-
ittg off the plrtyirn.I turn.

“The ptisis \vcrc rttstrrllcd at the
cttd of March." Rllt'llixil said. “but
some rainy and windy weather
followed. and the ntrtinlcttcucc men
were rtot workittg. Shortly after

that. someone informed me that tltc
fcttcc hrttl been removed entirely."

The fcrtcc wus removed at Plutrt
Deprtrtrncttt Ditcctor Dennis
Stcvcn's request. Stevens said the
fence is too drtrtgctotn and the state
will rtot rtlloctttc funds for at |\t'|IIIi|v
ttcnt fcrtcc if the temporary fence
still SliilltlS.

ltt protest. the women's softball
team planned to boycott their
gttntcs until the tcncc was replaced,
btrt decided to continue playing
because. “tltc girls felt that they
would only be lttrrtittg themselves
by not playing.“ Rhcttislt said,

The team intends now to appeal
for hpr frottt SA. “Since SA was

$60,000 for lights on the football
field." Rhcnish said. “we are going
to circulate it petition which would
ask SA to tlortrttc $15.00) for :t new
fence lllltl rlngouts on illc .vontcn's

I
,.
generous enough to allocate:

softball ficltl."

Although Rhcnish admits that
the team‘s efforts have ttot been
successful as of yct. she remains op-
timistic that the fence will be replac-
Cd in tire future.

   

i

a
a

Plant Dept. I)lr. Dennis Stevens

I It' hurl fence reltrovt'd.

HUI.

IIttgh Carey. State Comptroller Ed-
wttrd Regan. and Commissioner of
Taxation and Finance James Tully
ltuve been named as defendants.

. Thc theory behind NYPIRG's
suit. sttitl Ross. is that by stopping
payment on scripﬂltc state will ht:
prcssttrctl ittto passing rt budget int-
ntctliatcly.

llowcvcr. Silltl Ross. the suit will
go forwurtl whether or rtot rt budch
it passed.

“There are two reasons for this."
\llltl Ross. “The issttt‘ significantly

 

RCO Professor TJ. LarItln

 

He received the leaching award.

vancittg the quality of life on this
campus."

“This award is special to me."
Gold explained as she presented
Brown with a wood plaque.“
because Dean Brown was once an
SA President. And not just an SA
President — the SA President that
bottgltt Camp Dippikilll“

Ilrown lrtttgltcd as Ite accepted tltc
award. "If only I'd bought Dip-
pikill for myself!" he jokingly said.

He cxplrrinct.l that ltc had always
tried to bc a good alttrnttus and to
be responsible to student needs.
The tittte he has spent working at
SUNYA. he said. have been "30 of
the happiest years of my life which
rtt'c. after all. most of them.“

NYPIRG

effects the public interest. and the
action is likely to reoccur in the
future.“

Ross admitted that in theory state
employees would not be paid if the
suit was successful and a budget

'w‘as nOt passed.

“However.” srtid Ross.
“stopping payments by scrip is the
only legal action we can take."

Tltc sttit was filed before Albany
Courtty Supreme Court Judge
Httroltl Hughes and will be heard
on May 15.

Financial Aid Application
Processing Starts Again

WASHINGTON l).(.‘. (CPS) In
what some crtllctl rt compromise and
others rtu upprovrtl of an "illegal
ttct." tltc critical logjutn of some
federal financial aid applications
has been brokcrt.

In late March. U.S. Departtncttt
of Education Secretary Tcrrel Bcll
announced he was hrtlting tltc pro-
cessing of aid applications for 45
days. or until Congress agich to
the Reagan Administration‘s plarts
to crtt student rtid.

Tltc halt came at the tirttc tttost
financial ttid packages are normally
assembled for the next academic
year. Students who would ttsttttlly
discover if they had crtortgh ntottcy
i' May or thttc wouldn't find ortt
.. ril August of early fall.

Tltc delay itt awarding aid. ntrttty
administrators warned, threatened
to throw everything front Fall 1981
ertrollntcnt to academic year
budgets into chaos.

Now the House Subcommittee on
Postsccondary Education. tltortglt
as yet unwilling to ttgrcc to all the
cuts. has agreed to stiffen eligibility
requirements for Pcll Grunts
(fortttcrly culled Basic Educational
Opportunity Grunts). In response.
tltc Education Department has
agreed to start once again process~
irtg I’cll (lr'rtnt application.

Tilt? Rcttgatt rtdrtrirtistratlon
wanted to tttttkc students frortt
families that L'ill'll more than
$25,000 per yertr or that don‘t cort—
tt'ibtrtc rttttclt toward their
children's education ineligible for
Pcll Grants.

The House subcommittee. wltilc
failing to fix rt strict incontc ct off.
did agree itt principle to lower the
amount a family can eartt and in-
crcrtse the amount it must con~
tribute in order to qualify for Pell
Grants.

The Congressional Budget Ofﬁce
estimates the tttovc will disqualify
100.000-154.000 college students
from the Pell Grants program.

The subcommittee. however.
refused to lower the rttaximum
grant front $1750 to $1200. as the
administration had requested.

The subcotnrrtittcc went tIS frtr as
it did said Rep. Williatn Ford
(D-Mi). because It ltad “rt cocked
gtttt pointing at its head." Further
deltty itt processing the 1.5 ntillion
ttid applications already on file
would "wreak havoc."

Ford said the Education Dept.
“htts tts over a barrel." lint ltc told
rut audience at tltc subcommittee
hearing that the compromise
“stinks.” Chairman Paul Simon

continued on page thirteen

 

 

 

