  

“Mom-r u- c.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

it?»

’lLittl’cet‘S.©©mm

 

 

Anyway, I really think better on tut t-nttttt

 

Breaking Away:

If I were In answer you. I would not be
worthy of your trust.
—-— Chou Chao

One of the mOst fundamental and at the

same time knottiest questions regarding
basic values is to ascertain the ultimate pur-
pose of human existence on this earth. Four
major possibilities present themselves. Peo-
ple may believe that they are here (I) to
honor some deity. be it supernatural or car-
thly, (2) to serve some select group of
human beings who constitute a separate
class, (3) to glorify some societal organiza-
tion such as the church, or (4) to make ex-
istence in this vale of tales that all in-
dividuals may attain a better way of life.

It is part of the wretchedness of lift: on
earth that even the individual believes that
they can only attain a full consciousness of
their own value if they compare themselves
with others and. in certain circumstances.
actually make others feel it. The state. law.

religion and morality are determined to
_

 

freedom-to-grow. "

 

The Art of Growing

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

‘::“Freedom from the experienced impact of others’ physical or
psychological presence is the first step in the fulfillment of

resurgence of revolting cruelty and animali-
ty. and a temporary destruction of the great
and the small values of mankind.

True consciousness-expansion yields a
transcultural perspective from which to
view one‘s usual roles and tltc society within
which one enacts thcnt. The person
liberated by education. or drugs. from un-
questioned compliance with roles and urt-
questioned pursuit of social values may be
seen by others as a rebel or a revolutionary.
As we reveal our expanded consciousness to
others. we rttn the risk of being seen as a
threat to the status quo, whether in our
family or in society as a whole.

The person who cannot grow, who ex~
pcrienccs their own being and the being of
the world as frozen in its present status. is in
llL‘ll. Other people can chain one to their
present identity by their very modes of
relating. Freedom front the experienced int-
pact of others‘ physical or psychological
presence is the first step in the fulfillment of

 

 

keep this bent within hounds. that is. to
prevent its ﬁnding public cvprcssion.

The present crisis is not ordinary bttt c\-
traordinary. it is not merely economic or
political maladjustment. bttt in\0|\cs
simultaneoust almost the whole of
Western cttlturc and society. It is a crisis itt
our art and scicncc. philosophy and
religion. law and morals. manners and
mores; in the forms of social. political. and
economic organization. including the
nature of the family and marriage-iu-bricf.
it is a crisis intolving almost the whole way
of life. thought and conduct of our culture
and society.

We are living and acting at one of the
epoch-making turning points of human
history, when one fundamental form of
culture and society is declining and a dif-
ferent form is emerging. Like its
predecessors. this crisis is marked by an cv—
plosion of wars. revolutions. anarchy. and
bloodshed; by social. moral. cconotnic.
political. and intellectual chaos. A

frccdont-to-grow. /\fll\l\. writers. scientists
and performers wlto aim at cndlcss ac-
tuttli/tttion of their possibilities attest to thc
nccd for solitude. Tltcy nccd it for media-
tion. rcltcarsztl. and undisturbed pursuit of
their ideas.

()nc usually needs to lca\c other people
itt order to take leave of tltc way ottc has
chronically been with thchThis being cut-
bodics both a pledge front the ottc person to
appear before thc others as they hate in the
past. and pressure from othch to remain as
they hatc been. One need ttot he in solitude
to redefine. or to discover a new being for
oneself. One can go to a new place where
nne's roles have not bccn congealed in the
minds of others. The problem being faced.
then. is how to change the concept that
others may have of you. into a new one
which more clearly displays your new
phases of growth. Others tend to invalidate
these new ways of being. They invalidate
the growing person because they are
threatened by these new incarnations.

 

S ecial Orders

To the Editor:

This is my third year living itt the dorms
and let me tell you-l ttnt sick! sick! sick! of
being inconvenienced. i didn't want to say
anything before. bttt since ncxt ycttr I‘m go-
ing to be it scttior. in order for ntc to live ttt
> following changes must he

 

thcsc dorms. tltc
made:

'Morc ttuivcrsit)‘-'~l|l‘l‘“°d "gm" “1m” I
mean by lights is ttot those dinky littlc
lamp; you trip over itt an effort to Intn
them on. Thch do not supply grm‘int' m"
Icgc students with enough hrth'm'W w“
nccd out cycsight so we Ititt)‘ “M H” “mm
someday. ('lutntlclicrs. definitely!

'Bctlcr mattresses. Waking "P “"h “
backache is ttot a good way to start lltc day.
Waterbcds arc a nicc idea and ti lot ol fun
too. Tltcrc‘ll bc tttotc students Milli"! l“
cigltl o'clock L‘I.’t's\c\ with smiles on lltt'il
faces.

'Thc food must intptotc! l inst tcccutly
hcttrd tlttu wc get the sonic lootl its they
wrtc itt ptisons. There‘s two tiil'lctcuccs
though. Ihc prisoncts tltttt‘t pit) for their
food and they don‘t ctct low their meal
cards. I think Iltccttlctcttn should \L‘t\t‘ fich
utignon (and gitc us \lcttk knot-s), lolwtct.
ltcttct ('Itiucsc food. tutti “Illt' with dinner.
Anti :t |Itllc man who lti”\ ntttulttl n tlcsctl
ctttl.

'lustttll Ititlcls itt tltc lnultttntnts.

Now tltcsc the not itttttll) unrcttsounblc
Icqttcsts. :ttc tltt'_\',' ()l cttutsc. I know wc
mu) not get one or two «it then). l'ttt sutc
wc‘ll get tltc liitlcts nt tltc \L't) lcnst. 'l'ltc
clntntlcltcts :ttc probably unlikely: its the}
tlttl Inkc lilt' llllillL'\k\'lll llL'llh out til the top
tctt limit» of Indian tttwt't \\llL'll thcy sttttth
using tltc toonts :ls l‘t‘titotllih ntstuntt ut ut-
ltccs. 'l‘ltc\ gain [1* tliosc lotclt littlc lllslllll-
ttuttttl lamps ntitl lcl't ptctty hint: lilit‘\ on
out tctltugs (.‘ttun/tng tlil'lctcttcc bctwccu
tltc pcoplc w lit) :ttt' paid and tltc pcttplc \\ hit
me paving).

\\';uctl\cd~ :ttc not ltkcl). rtow that l
tlttttk about it. The) ltttt c it lc‘tttlL‘th) to leak
and how can wc c\pcct ii \c'lltii‘l that can't
li\ \ItthiL‘ lcttks :ttountl thc windows to
tssttc wtttcrbctls'? \lnybc \t‘llit.’ Scttly l’ostntc
l’cdic ttttttttcsscs. llttt'?

Tltc food. of coutsc. won't clutttgc mcr-
night. TliL‘}'lt.‘ still scrtntg doughy pi/rtt
ttntl t'ricd-fattening-fish on lltc \illllt‘ tlil);
and dieters arc \lttck witlt lumpy. hart} cm.
tagc checsc. btowtt lcttucc and lint folt,

 

 

   
   

I t

(M  lira-git ‘

, _,, ,
 tilt; W

  
 
  

ﬁ,,._...

 

ms'... ....

1*“, concur
t was

irritate at
, (“entity

 

    
  
  
 

 
 

l §ummo

We...”

us‘

    
       

‘ .— “.f‘

_ .5 mm“

j" |

 
   

   

I‘

 

 

 

stomach. That‘s okay. I don‘t mind, \VL'”,
they could at least use Helluttut‘s ntuyon.
naisc.
if we don’t get any of these lltlllt‘»_ “in
then must we be charged an C\ltlt tum
cents per semester next yetu'.’ Sotttt- [it'ttplg
are ttot as lucky as I am. I hiI\L‘ rt Dcnln mt
lcction. Of course that tittcstt'l (ltl lllt .I
shitload of good if lion/o cttls butt on \..
tionnl Direct Student Loam illlti It...
Educational Opportunity (ninth lit to...
more bombs.
lli‘llt liltill~lt"ll

Flat Broke

To the Editor:

Another $200. is that what SUNY ts .tsl»
ing? SISO for rooms and another Silt lttt
food? Before you make your decision, \tt.
Administration, listen to my story.

Right now l'm wearing the sonic Lilllitk'\
everyday and for some reason l‘vc lmt all
my friends. i don‘t know why. My Plilcltl .
who are nearly destitute. are living itt .t
garage someplace (they don't have inning.
to send me a letter) and they hate sent tll'.‘
the last 5200 that they had in the “mild in
buy a new set of clothes.

Just think how it is going to brcttl. lilt'li
hearts when] tell them that 1 cannot Lillstld
to wear anything else because i valttt: \(ltttttl
too much. Now I won't be able to do And
wear all the things that i wanted to. \l.
parents won't go for this. They'll lltttu‘ w.‘
of their high rent garage and probably ll.‘
:1 no-parking zone.

Just tltink of all the costs llt’tc .t'
SUNYA. When I ﬁrst came here tutti t:
room, anti board was $2400 a year (that 
a long tintc ago). The tuition has been ill} -_ ‘
c\cry year since. lit addition we ‘tmc in c
for books. transcripts. ntottcs. l‘Ulica'“
speakers. and those ltidtlctt costs ~uctt .t~ "
two dollar Xcro\ fcc lhc} cltntgc :tt Stu:
llcttltlt Scrticc to \ctm nllclgy
records. so your doctor klmus how you
all semester long. Because of these c\p-.~t:
our total cost is about S7526 a year.

Many people can afford to tttou’
campus. I cannot. Besides. there are :
comfortable garages or no-parking loll'u .r
Albany. and even if there were an} ot 1
13”” .V'Ou'd Pmbabl)’ hate to kccp mom:
because of the alternate side of llit‘ nit,"
regulations. and the snow plows .m- A},
another nuisance.

There are many other students like urn.
who are unable to afford the luvuricx ut l '-
(l had to hire some guy to type thi~ for
because the typewriter that I hate lt.t~ E‘t“
ribbon and is broken). Did you c\cr lt‘i‘i :r
‘he newspaper? There are plcttt) oi ttp.t:'
ments for rent. but no garages.

Let's get to the point. Besides much.
“"5” 3” Plem)‘ ofother students who lL'.il.‘t
need that $200. if you try to take it llt‘ll.
them they're riot going to be able ll‘ \l.t‘-
here and this is really a good school. I'd
really hate to leave it. Now I'd hcttct gt"
had: to the newspaper not to look i."
garages-but for a job. so that in the future l
"fay come back and ﬁnish tip my ctlucs»
tion. Please reconsider the rate hikes. to! .tll
"19 People like me.

 

 

 

  

Michael P. lrit-tl

No Returns

Ttt the Editor:

Rctuctnbcr how the old ltbrttrt ll‘t'ti 't
\vork'.’ You'd drop five books Inlt‘ ll” 7““
on time. and then a month L'tlt'l you'd 
an mettluc ltoticc for in o ot tittcc ut ll‘tt :t'.
You'd tell a clerk .tt the desk tlt.t: ‘. M
brought tlicsc books back. on tuttc. .tl‘H-l‘ ~=
tttontlt ttgo. and then the clerk would n“-
“i‘hcy probably didn‘t get citcht-tl nt'
why don‘t you see if tltcy'tc bmk «‘11 if"
shelf!” You'd find the book and lllt in “v
would cancel them out. litt~ um 4” w i ‘
toutinc find all lllt‘ p;trttctp.tttt~ Mu“ 
:i\\tlft‘ of how the system \M‘lht'tl “» i
there lt.t\c bccn sotttc lug chattycn m 1' '
haven‘t noticed. lhc lug-gm lwttty NH " "‘
pay for this shelf gautc

’l‘hc reasons why tlting~ no“ “N’-

 

It

 

 

 

 

utoide of her private lotus-world, a vibrating

register with mufﬂed, rapid-fire punches drilled

Charlotte's enrdrums. Walls and shelves of
glossy, colored bands came into focus as designated
stock needing the attention of an organizing source.
Charlotte wished to leave the register, but needed per-
mission from Mrs. Force who was nowhere in sight.
People began lining up to drop books in front of her like
so many turds which she was to inspect and package.
She closed her eyes and brought forward the image of
the many-petaled lotus—her inner self—which ﬂoated
brightly on the surface of the water. Shri Ramakrishna
had said, “Be like the lotus; though your roots may be
drenched in the murk of the physical world. your spirit
can remain ever-pure and free.” '

Diving Out — Continued on Page 4n.

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

ight full of soul.

Palace full of soul.

Soul full of soul: one could tell that from watching
the man in black. He was crying so much that I loved
him. The man was so beautiful. so tender. so lovely. I
loved him and he almost delivered me. But that was not

on the evening’s program.

Blue Room And Honeysuckle
Rose ~ Continued on Page (in,

    

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 

Tales of and by
“legends” on 3-.

 
  

 
  

Divert your atten-
tion to Olll’
schedule on page
Ba.

      
     
 

Looking at the
new. the old and
‘ the strange on
m 6-7u.

 
   

     

 

 

 

«mama 

