  

,

r... F.“ NV;

means... .. _.

. Mv‘ﬁggw. m

t
r

 

 

may. W. ..

 

Wu Mm.¢ wme ..,.
a». r

 

 

 

The gains made by the progressive
movements of the late sixltes and early
seventies in the areas of equality for women
and civil rights are now endangered by our
country’s move to the right.

We see the priorities of our national
government switching from human and
social needs to an already overloaded
military budget. The individual right of
women to decide about their own bodies is
gravely threatened by the narrow-minded.
self righteous ‘Family Protection Bill,’ and
the ‘Human-Life Amendment.’ And if this
isn’t enough we now see the attempts of
some mismanaged corporations attempting
to hamper the rights predicated to us by the
Bill of Rights.

Ever since Senator Ted (love me, l’m a
liberal) Kennedy attempted to push through
Congress the Si Bill, corporations have
tried to use repressive legislation to suppress
various groups from voicing their op-
positon to corporate policies and practices.

Maybe i should back track. The Si bill.
the only major bill (until the 51722 co-
sponsored with war hawk Senator Thur-
rnond) Kennedy has even presented does
not in any way advocate individual rights.

in fact. its passage (thank God it didn’t)

would have rewritten the Bill of Rights. r

Some of its most alarming qualities would
have given the police power similar to that
of Hitler's Storm Troopers. At the same
time it would have made it illegal for ten or
more people to gather at any site to protcst
anything. Can you imagine how many peo-
ple would have been arrested under such a
law? if not for Representative Liz
Holtzman, the 81 Bill might have been a
reality. when Holtzmart showed the cost
clemeril \Iwotved in putting the St “ill into
practice the leading republicans immediate-
ly dismissed the idea.

At this very moment a rcprcssivc
legislative court case is ensuing. Under ex-
isting law. the police have the right to issue
or not issue permits for demonstrations.
They also. have the option to end a
demonstration. violently or peaceably, in
whatever way they see fit. One could easily
argue that even under the existing law we
are ertperiencing many forms of repressive
legislation.

Long Island Lighting Company (LlLCO)
determined to suppress those individuals
who oppose the nuclear power plant at
Shoreham. They have rather cleverly sued

  
 
 
 
   
  

 

 

 

 

 

      

LegiSlation

Mitchell A. Greebel V .

 

the SHAD Alliance and other anit-nuclear
groups, for even thinking of opposing the
insanity of nuclear energy. LiLCO has
listed some 40 groups and individuals as
defendants. Moreover. and perhaps most
revealing is the fact that LlLCO also lists

3,000 John Does and 3.000 Jane Does. (i.c.

any person aiding, abetting, or attending

demonstrations at Shoreham.) As a major
defendant said. "LlLCO is trying to harass
us into silence.”

These lists were taken, or rather stolen
from the SHAD Alliance headquarters by
LlLCO, and may individuals have been
harassed in hope that they will stay clear of
anti-nuclear rallies. The $2 million LlLCO
is suing for is to cover damages incurred
during a peaceful civil disobedience action.
On top of this is a request for a permanent
injunction against all demonstrations at
Shoreham. . _

This case lras clear and important mean-

ing. if the SHAD Alliance wins, then the
rights of individuals who feel tltc need to
act and fight the money mongers who exist
without so much as an active voice shouting
them back. if this happens corporations
such as LlLCO, might have to be nrorc
responsible to the masses. instead ofjust to
their board of trustees. But if the
unspeakable should happen, if LlLCO’s at-
tempt at repressive legislation should suc-
ceed. Then we might as well kiss the Bill of
Rights goodbye. it will give thc go ahead
for companies like LlLCO to not only sup-
press the oppositions vicw. brrt more impor-
tantly allow them to do it legally.

The motivation of LlLCO is obvious.
Nuclear power, despite it‘s boost by
Reagan. is a dying dinosaur. collapsing
under its own weight. The Harvard

Business School predicts bankruptcy for.

some of the largest investors in nuclear
power within the next five years. LlLCO
has more than half its total assets tied up in
Shoreham and they’re trying their best to
keep themselves aﬂoat.

The implications of this case go beyond
LlLCO's finances. Whether you are and or
pro-nuclear power. pro-activism or anti-
activism the question of individual rights is
to be protected. Tomorrow night at 7:00
pm. in LC 20. Matt Chachere. a major
defendant in this case. will be here to tell us
about the actual implications and what
must be done. if you believe in the in-
dividual and the Bill of Rights, be there.

College Press Scrvreu

 

  

 

 

Matter of Tact

To the Editor:

As i skimmed through last Tuesday‘s
ASP, it occurred to me that the editorial
staff must devote a great deal of time and
energy into producing a paper of such high
quality. For their dedication and ac-
complishments. l congratulate them.

But the editors are human and must be
allowed to make those errors in judgment
which plague cvery pcrson_at one time or
another. Specifically l refer to the column
in last Tuesday's ASP entitled “The Holy
lnquisilors." written by an anonymous Mr.
X.
As the caretakers of an influential stu»
dent paper. certainly you must be aware of
the importance in using the power and
frcedom of the press judiciously. i am sug-
gesting the presentation of articles not cen-
sored btrt which demonstrate some serious
thought. consideration. or at least. profes-
sionnlism. Not one of which was apparent
in the articlc authored by Mr. X.

To the readers of the ASP who were at
unfortunate as | to have read the article. I
ask. did Mr. X convey his message well? Or
was his message cloaked in emotion and
hostile sentiment directed towards a religion
of which he apparently has no understan-
ding? What was Mr. X's mcssagc?

Wcll. l scarchcd throtrglr thc rtrbblc of his.

words and extracted thc following state-v

mcnt: Mr. .lcrr'y Falwell, abusing his posi~
tiorr of influcncc as a rcligious lender, is at-
tempting to cause a title of radical conscr-
vntivism and to set a national moral starr-
dard which is alien to both Mr. X and. in
his opinion. a grcat rrrrrnbcr of Amcricans.

Upon these points i respch Mr. X's
courage in writing in opposition to Mr.
Falwell. The road which he wishes to lead
us down is one which no man can afford to
travel.

But my respect ends there. Again 1 ask.
'what message did Mr. X convey to his
readers? May i suggest that he is almost as
narrow minded. intolerant, and unprofes-
sional as the person he is holding tip as a
fool.

My outragc is primarily dircctcd at the
carelessness with which Mr. X seemingly
linkcd thc Moral Majority to thc cntirt
Christian institution.

Beginning witlr the opening line. “I hate
to say this, but watch out. Here come [in
Christians," and placing in boltl-faccd‘typc
thc linc. “Jewish kids should not have to
pray to a Christian God." was not only an
apparent cxploitation of anti-Christian scn-l‘

 

 

"a 4\

at!‘ / A

ttmcnt on lhc part of the author, but also

 
     
 
 

 

  

url\’

 

3 .
Milly“.  ink/IA
J

     

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

on that of the editorial page editor. win-u.
is your 'tact? Where is your profes-

So what is Mr. X discussing in his article,
politics or religion? May i suggest that he is
not qualified to talk about religion. This is
obvious in the line. “Jewish kids. . .Clll'is-
tian God," mentioned above. Qucnrion: if
Jewish kids should not have to pray to a
Christian God, and the Christian God is the
God of the Jews, to whoin. may i ttsk. do
the Jewish kids pray?

A Christian is one who bclicrcs in
Christ's oneness with God. and one who
strives to achieve Christ‘s examples of lorc.
forgiveness, tolerance. and charity townrds
all human beings. Bttt no human is per I'cct.
and we realize that. That is why we lrurc
forgiveness.

i would hope that in the Mom thc .rtSI'
editors would deal with such matcrirrl in a
more sensitive and profcssioual nnnrncr.

— Name Wltlrlreld Upon Request

Background Info

To the Editor:

This lcttcr is [meant to clarify \rnttt'
mistakes in the articlc on thc history and
purpose of thc Lesbian and (lay ltl\l.
Forcc. Firstly. SA ncvcr irrlcndcd to inclndc
lesbians and gays in the Minority Allan»
Task Force. it was only nftcr much trtt'rnr'
and discussion that SA saw rr llcctl to row
attention to the problems lcshinrts and r'.t\\
face as a minority — a mirrorin lhnt Clo-Aux
racial. ethnic and Class lincs. it was at Ilrrx
poirtt that the question arose as to how t'I
l‘ccllvc a task force could he that would rlr .rl
with both the compch issues of racism and
hctcroscxisnr — lrcncc lhc Lesbian and tho
Task Force. Also the Task Force's scopc is
limited to this University Cilllllillx, not
statewide which, to say the lcasc. is at lllllc
ambitious.

Secondly, our “special nccds and pro-
blems" might better bc termed as Inrr
damcntal nccds and problcms any group
faces in an attempt to achieve qullllli) and
understanding.

Finally, the use of thc Affirmativc At'lllill
office for lesbians and guys might bring in
mind the use of quotas and hltlllsilu.
Nothing could he further from thc truth. It
it seems a littlc ludicrous requiring smut-orn-
be gay to be hired or acceptcd as a stttrlcltt
hcrc imagine someone openly adminirrc
they are without fear of rcprisal. (orrrint'
out of the closet for lcsbians and guys is
hardly that simple or casy. The Affirmarrrc
Action office also deals with issucs of non-
discrimination which are difl'crcrrr from
that of affirmative action proccdrrrcs. Norr-
discrimination entails the elimination of all
existing discriminatory conditions". \l‘hrrr
this amounts to is effectively addressing llrc
problem of hctcroscxism willrin thc Uuivcrv
sity. in addition. i am not the /It’rl(/ of tltc
task force as it operates in u collcctivc mnrr
ncr rather than a hierarchical fashion.

—Mlchuel Mt'l'artlirt
President. Gay and Lesbian All/aura

. Phase Out

To the Editor:

After four years at SUNYA l \vorrdcr
wiry anyone should sit in class to obtain at
political science degree when its pl‘ztclicc :rl“
pears and rcappcnrs consistently on Illi‘
campus. Certainly on this C(tltlptts sornc
issues may carry more importancc such as
the bus scrvicc or participation at SUNYA
basketball games ctc,. that) thc Climintrtlotr
ofa complete dcpartmcnt. 'l'lrcrcl'orc. l I'ccl
that as a Puerto Rican student on this t‘lllll~
DUS ccrtnin grievances must bc wortch for
the beneﬁt of the reader and the Puerto
Rican.Studics department.

Three years ago. i and ()Iths had lhc op-
Portunity to attend classes in the Puerto
Rican“ Studies dcpttrlmcnt with l'rot’cssnl
Silcu. a man whose cxpcrtisc in his l'lcltl
went unsurpassed. those of you who htnl
him for classes know. At this time lrc lIcld
the chairmanship of thc (lcptlt'lttlcnl. the“
during the strrnmcr intcrscssiorr nporr out

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

comm , .
 ' “M‘ngﬁwmﬂmnmﬁ

return not only had the man lost his cltrril.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

but he was moved to an outside office on
the third floor of Social Sciences. The inter-
nal turmoil persisted against this man
whose classes in attendance exceeded arty
other Puerto Rican Studies class. Unfor-
tunately for him. his faults laid on his upbr-
lnging. A man who would call an ace "an
ace" and being labeled as a radical,
left/right wing he was seen unfit for this
political institute of learning and during the
winter recess once again moved. from the
third floor to the first floor of Social
Sciences facing the back of the Library. yct
nobody moved. The institution was slowly
relieving itself of this cancer. lcast to say
during the times when students were honrc
unaware. By this time his contract came up
for renewal and it was given to him with
reservations.
it was then that the “sit-in" was staged in
the Puerto Rican Studies Office. But it was
too late. the stage was set, by letting Silcn
go to the institution had silcnccd thc
squawks of thc “Kikiriri” or so they
thought. At this timc l slrrtcd that with Silcn
gone the department was ncxt but \vc wcrc
not to feel it immcdintcly. Well they
‘canrrcd' the old man; but his words linger
on in our mcmorics; for those who sat
through his clttsscs he has pluntcd the seed
of political rrwnrcncss and consciousness
turd has nwnkcncd thc docilcncss in us. He
has shown us the “light.”
'llc taught us what was long dcnicd us by
Ihc wholc cducnlionnl process from “day
onc" wlrcn Columbus lttndcd and cvcntuul-
ly exploited the Tnino ludinrrs. lo the Jones
Act in 1917 which imposed citircnship on
us. to “()pcr'rtliorr iloolstrnp“ which
brought irrdnstrinli/nlion to thc island (tux
cxcmprcd to the owners), down to the
‘dumping' of Ilrc (‘rrbtrns rcfttgccs (with all

due respect) on the island so that Mr.
Carter would not lose the Floridian voters
in the last election.

As for the rest of the campus 1 now turn
my attention to you. Many a time We
heard it asked. “What the hell is a Puerto
Rican?” Well if you get a chance why not
register for PBS 10]. the history of our race
— a homogeneous blend of Taino lndian,
Black and Spanaird with our own culture
listed under PRS 150, which by the way will
probably repudiate some of the preconceiv-
ed opinions that you havc labeled us. 1‘"
bet that a substaintiai amount of students
have already seen that movie "Fort
Apache" which has done us the same in-
justice that 'ﬁCnrising" did to the gay com-
munity. We are no different titan any other
group of immigrants that came to this
country during the melting pot era.

The timc hatcomc for the administration
to makc their cuts to meet their budch and
Ihcrc’s nothing more tllcy'tl lovc to scc than
the climinntion of thc Puerto Rican Stutlics
Department. 'l‘lrcn thc idcrrtity of this
l)cpnrtrncnl would dissipntc just as l’ro-
fcssor Silt-n did. ’i‘odny, March 3rd. \vc will
rccorrvcnc in lidrrcrttion. Room 346 for thc
outcornc of the Puerto Rican Studies
|)c|‘tttl‘ltncnl nt 4 pm.

—llt'rrr_v lirtrigncs

Bring Us Your
Letters and Columns

The ASP welcomes letters and columns.
Material must be typewritten and Include
the writer's name and phone number.
Anonymous letters will not be printed,
however. names will be withheld upon re-
quest. Drop them off in “Letters” box in
CC 329. ' '

 

 

Faculty Divided:

An Open letter to the Faculty:

It is in tltc utmost disgust and frustration
that l \vritc this letter. 1 address a faculty
which I fch is divided into those who are
conccrncd and would like to sec cffcctivc
change, and those whose only conctrn is to
keep the University divided. The latter
group wants to prcvcnt action although thc
great majority of concerned faculty would
like to take action. l spcak specifically in
reference to last Tuesday's faculty meeting,
although the samc rcactionary pattern has
occurred at every faculty rnccling.

Last spring the faculty votcd to create a
Senate Study Committec to look into possi—
ble changes in thc scnatc structure. It had to
answer thc call of a faculty which wanted to
be able to meet and speak as a single voice
for faculty needs, while at the satire timc
deal with students and their call for perma-
ncnt representation on the scnatc with no
reduction in their nnnrbcrs. This problcm
was then turncd over to an nugmcntcd
Committee on Nominations and Elcclions.
The committee was augmented by two
students. After many months, rncctings and
referendums. a compromisc plan was t'cnch-
cd whereby cvcryonc's nccds wcrc answcrcd
in thc most realistic and practical way. A
resolution was written whichcrcateda facul»
ty forum for airing faculty opinion and ad
vising Prcsidcnt O‘Lcary. Another resolu-
tion was creatcd which answered faculty
concern about academic matters whcrcby if
rnorc than 50 percent of thc faculty voted
one way on an issue and lost the issue. this
Information would bc convcycd to
O‘Leary. who ultimately decides the matter.
This resolution passed but required only a
20 percent quorum count.

When the by-laws arncrrdmcru. which rc-
quircs u 40 percent quorum count, came to
thc floor. many of the faculty members had
left after the long-winded (lcbttlc on the
resolutions. After having 280 faculty
members in one roorrr at one time.
something that probably has ncvcr lrappcn-
ed before. the debate ended and a vote was
about to be called for. At this time a faculty

 

Calling

Mark Lafayette

A Quorum -

mcmbcr called for a quorum cotrrrt. Of
course tlrcrc \vcrcn’t 460 faculty members in
thc sumc room. Ihcrc has never bccn 460
faculty tttcntbcrs together in the some
room. But thcsc wcrc the conccr'nctl faculty
mcmbcrs. the otth that followed Ilrc issue
long enough to show up for lltc mccling.
Snrc, technically a quorum count is the
right of every faculty member, httt
shouldn‘t one use discretion when the land»
ty havc ncvcr had a qttortrtn. i do not know
what the motives were of this faculty
mcrnbcr. Maybe it was to prevent students
from being scatcd on thc scnatc. or some
othcr reason. However, to use parliamen-
tary proccdtrrc as a tool to negate the opi-
nion of the majority is no onc's right. The
fact remains that it was not a wcll thought
out decision. Thcrc will never be a 40 per-
cent quorum; thc rrrnjority ol‘ the concerned
faculty wcrc prcscnt; why not lct lhcsc pco-
plc decide the issuc?

As outraged as i am. i am surc that facul-
ty mcmbcrs arc also outraged. The faculty
was also prevented from ending this debate.
A mail ballot will go out to the faculty bttt
there has never bccn a quorum by mail
ballot citlrcr. Countless hours ptrt into
devising this by-law revision wcrc wasted.

i do not write this letter to chidc the
faculty member who callcd thc quorum
count at last Tuesday's rrrccting. but to
educate the faculty on what calling a
quorum count results in. I hope that signifi-
cant collcaguc pressure will prevent a
quorum call in the future. I am sure that if
the authors of tire faculty by-laws would
have forcscccn thc fact that on no occasion
could 460 faculty members he brought
togclltcr. a 40 percent qrrorurn would not be
rcquircd for a hy—law arrtcndmcnt. No
document, chn the United States Constitu-
tiorrI could remain intact as originally writ-
tcn bccansc change is rtccdcd with a change

in times. i would like to thank all the facul-
ty who showcd up at last Tuesday's mccting
and urge all faculty members to rctrtrrr then
mail ballots with an affirmativc vote. This

 

. t a t.._-.; r .. .‘tr.

 

Whereas my mind is a total blank-and my pen has ru dry,‘ I‘ll. churned 

my creative staff and have asked them for. it few thoughts;on mummy:

winter recess. r v ' ' I l ’
Have a nice restful vacation. ' ' iM‘

—'— R.E.G. : V_ ‘

lf committing suicide in Buffalo is redundant. going-to school and working
at the ASP rs a contradiction in terms. and visiting The City for “the week/
verges on psychotic, where does this leave me? Albany? Anyone wi‘ bny sense
has already left town. ‘ C I  - f
— S.M.

Going from Albany to Roslyn is like kissing your sister: you’re making pro-
gress but you’ll never get anywhere.
— S.A.G.

l have three tests this week and i may be thrown out of a class. i can't wait
to get the hell out of here. .
— R.E.

Rat food is eating out my gut. if i don’t taste Momma’s Jewish-style
spaghetti and meatballs really soon...
. _ —-‘J.W.

When the train pulls into Babylon a smile will cross my face, for PM be out
of Albany the city someone misplaced.
— F.G.

Good-bye to concrete buildings. flu-infested suites. bad food. broken
elevators, and mice. Hello Bronxl
‘ —J.E.

Going home? Yeah, l'll be away more than l’m home. Potsdam this
wcckcnd. you know. And hopefully to somewhere else after that.
‘ — 8.8.

The only wildlifc l have seen since January 27 is an occasional rat in the
Campus Center Cafclcr'ia. l stiffer from rccrrrring nightmares of running into
a cement column on the podium. I gotta get out of this place!

— WJ’.

i may not go home for vacation. 1 may just stay up here to protest SA, tui-
tron hikes, brrs grievances and draft registration.

— ILL.
i can‘t wait to go ltornc. i need to get sortie money.
— M.G.
. i can't wait to go home and kiss my dog. r
r ' — M.M.
Show me the way to go home.
— E.B.

 

 

 

 

issue must be dealt with now or in May.

; v

prrcrs

Elllbllllrod In "fl

and its creative maqazr'ue.

Rob E. Gmbmnn. Editor In Chlel
Hayden Corruth. Steven A. Omnberg. Managing Editors
Sylvie slundou. Senlar Edltar

..... . . . Susan Mlllluan. Bath Sexer

   
 
 
   
  
    
  
  

 

 

Neur- Edltorl . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Associate Nam Editors udle Elaenboru. Wayne Pearnboom
ASPeetI Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... Rob Edaleteln
Associate ASPectI Editors. . Joanne Walner. Andrew Carroll
Sound Editor . . Doug Wolt
Vlllon Edlto ....|lm Dixon
Creative an Suxanne Gerber
Sports Edllor ... ... . . . . .. Bob Bell-flora
Annotate Sport- Editor More Hespel. Larry Knhn
Editorial Panu Editor .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Patricia Brlnley

Copy Editor: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . Frank J. Gil Jr., Mttcholl A. Greebel
sun wrllerl: Anna 8a.", Tom Bontlallo. Robin Brown. Beth Comm-rota, Kerr Cantor. Micheal Carmen. Anne
Cavnnaoh. Lorl Cohen. Sharon Cola. Scott Commar. Lisa Denenmnrk. Hubert~Kennath Dickey. Mark Fllchettl. Bruce
Fox, Gall Gotdataln, Ken Gordon. Whitney Gould. Erie Gruber. Matthew Huddle, Wendell Hedda". Mlehalo Israel.
James Julie. Larry Klnsrnln. Nora Kirby. Bruce Levy. Bruce Lleber, Torn Lustllr. James Markotsle. Ed Pink-r, Dlarrnuld
oulnn. Mark Roaster. Mindy Satdll, Jetl Bah-doll, Barb-r- Sehlndler. Paul Schwartr, Sue Smith. Laurel Solomon,
Carolina summers Iodine Ind Preview Edllon: Merle Garb-rind. Mary Karrloan

Marilyn Mosltowltx. Bun/Mu Manager
Janet Dnllun, Advenlalng Manager
. . . . . . . ..  . . .. .................Bonnlestevene

  
     

outsell-moor... .   .
lllllrrg Accountants .. Miriam Hunter. Hedy Brodar. Klren Bertie"
clnllllod "In-90f” . . ..  September Kteln
CompositionMIn-oer.............. . . . . . .  ..........HlyrtenCIrruth

ave Braden. Roy Loornll, Pam Zlon Advent-Ina l'roduotlorr Man-gen: Maria Anna Colavlto. Tammy Geiger
Adv. Production: Dianna (ii-cola. Susan K-plen. More Mendollohn. Laurie Behwallbera. Carolyn Sodqwlck.
Ollleo stall: Robin Balnnlon. Randi Grounboro. Trlcln Jensen. Arlene Kollovrltz, Judy 3.8mm

  

Dun Iota. Product/on Manager
Deb Reynaldo. David Thanh-user. Anne/u- Product/on H mm

 
 
 

    

VlrllcllCImIll..   .........ElluIBoelt
Pntoup: Rhonda o n oln. Eden Levine, Clrlne Shlpotollky. Typl Nancy Bernstein, Lynda
Benvonuto. Mary Birdie. Marla Glrblrlnc. Mindy Gordon. Madge Mannlno. Barber- Nolan. Cathie Ryan. Sheri
Schneider. Laurie Walters. chauller Mark Finchettl

Photography. Supplled principally by Unlvcralty Photo Servlee

chill Photographer: Bab Leonard
uaa Stall: Dev Archer, Bluce Brlaur, Alan Damn. Karl Chan. sherry Cohen. Stave Ellen. Mllte Full-r. Mark mick.

More Nansen-l. Blll Krluu, Ralnne Kulakolt, Dave errhlan, Lalo Mutabonl, Sue Mind/ah, Mark Ned/er, Sun-
Slelnkanrp, Tony Tunralll, Wlll Yurrrrln

 

The Albany Student Prrru ll pub/(shed every Tuesday and Friday duran the school yur by the Albany student-
Plus Corporation, an lndependtrnl holder-pro!!! corporation. Editor/Ila are wrlttln try the Edltar In Ch/II; pulley In-
sult/act Ia rev/cw by the Edllorlnl Board.

 

m1

 

 

