   
  
 

 

 

 

,4 mark: w

'»'-n-v~.—'cmy~.e._._g-. was .e V EMA...“

 

 
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

would Capsules

 

 

Coup Attempted In Spain

MADRID, Spain (AP) An ultra-rightest military faction
opened ﬁre during a session in the lower house of
Spanish Parliament on Monday and took over the
building in a coup attempt to set up a military govern-
ment. Members of the Cabinet were held hostage inside
the building. A Spanish news agency said there were
believed to be some injuries. Another agency said King
Juan Carlos was opposed to any coup, but there was no
official statement from the royal palace. A company of
paramilitary civil guards led by a lieutenant colonel took
action during the pre-vote debate on affirmation of
Premier—designate Leopoldo Calvo Sotelo as replace-
ment for Adolfo Suarez. who resigned three weeks ago.
The officers told the Cabinet members and members of
Parliament to keep calm “until news a military govern-
ment was established." Both Calvo Sotelo and Suarez.
who remained as caretaker premier, were among‘the
hostages. EFE said that when Suarez asked, as head of
government. for an explanation of the action. a civil

guard told him to shut up and esdorted him from the.

chamber. Defense Minister Agustin Rodriguez Sahaguu
also was told to shut up. The Defense Ministry alerted
all troops to stay In barracks, said everything was uttdcr
control and the police surrounded the Parliament
building. Reporters who fled the building before it was
blocked identified the revolt leader as Lt. Col. Antonio
Tejero, who was tried for a military plot two years ago.
Tejero was given a. six month prison sentence. The civil
guards. or Guardia Civil. ittvolved iii the incident
numbered about 200, reporters said. They said they saw
no casualties-after gunfire interrupted a national radio
broadcast of tile Parliament debate.

MidEast Not Top Priority

TEL AVIV, Israel (AP) Secretary of State Alexander M.
Haig. Jr., in an interview televised Sunday, said he will
travel to the Middle East “sooner rather than later." bttt
the Reagan administration has given top priority to
other issues. He told the Washington correspondent of
Israel Television that President Reagan has given first
priority to his economic policy and added, "Without
that. United States foreign policy will be severely
damaged." Reagan also is giving priority to improving
relations with Canada and Mexico, the secretary said.
"If you can't be perceived to get along with your
neighbors. how do you expect to get along with the rest
of the world?" He was asked if that meant the Middle
East had become less important to the new administra-
tion and he replied it “remains in tltc focus, it has been
from the first day."

Colombia Media Embargo

BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) Most of Colombia’s major
news media are observing a self-imposed embargo on
publicizing guerrilla communiqucs on the fate of an
American missionary held under threat of death, One
communique claimed he would be killed midnight last
Saturday but there has been no evidence the threat was
carried out, and a well-placed source said no such
deadline had been set. Chester Bitterman of Lancaster,
Pa.. was taken Jan. l9 by terrorists claiming to be part
of the M-I9 guerrilla group. His abductors demanded
the Summer Institute of Linguistics, with which Bitter-
man was associated. leave Colombia on grounds it is a
“CIA front." A sourtc close to negotiations on Bitter-
man's fate said the abdttctors ltave threatened to kill him
by March 5. an extension of two previously announced
"deadlines." The source asked not to be identified so as
'not to jeopardize intermediaries. A newsman at the
Bogota radio station Caracol said the media had agreed
not to use starit's based on telephone calls front
anonymous people because there was no way to authen-
ticatc them.

 

 

 

 

 

Gas Tax May Increase

WASHINGTON, I).C. (AP) The Reagan administra-
tion is considering a two-cent-a-gallon incredsc in the
federal gasoline tax to help state and local governments
ﬁnance highway maintenance. The proposal, which
would raise about $2 billion annually. would need con-
gressional approval. Budgct director David A.
Stockrnan told the National Governors’ Association on
Sunday the administration may ask that states he allow-
ed to prc-cmpt some or all of the additional revenues
raised througlt an increase in the tax, which now is four
cents a gallon. Revenue from the gasolittc tax now is car-
marked for a trust fund used primarily for highway con-
struction.' Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis
acknowledged that Congress had rejected several Carter
administration proposals to raise the tax 5 cents to IS

 

cents a gallon to promote conservation. But he said he
thought Congress would approve the measure now as a
“user tax” to finance bridge and highway maintenance
programs out in President Reagan’s proposed budget for
ﬁscal year l982. Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr. of Califor-
nia criticized the proposal, saying the federal govern-
ment would increase the tax as a state relief measure and
then drop it. leaving the states to re-impose it as a state
tax. “Reagan would have it both ways." Brown told
'reporters later. “He would get benefit for providing the
money for us, and we would bear the blame for the
higher tax." ,

Energy Ofﬁcial Questioned

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) The former Energy
Department ofﬁcial who gave $4 million in federal
money to charitable organizations on the next-to-Iast
day of the Carter administration was called belore a
congressional subcommittee today to explain his ac-
tions. Paul Bloom. former DOE special counsel, was
scheduled as the star witness before the House Govern-
ment Operations subcommittee on environment, energy
and natural resources. The panel scltcdulcd the hearing
to take testimony on Energy Department enforcement
of oil company pricing violations and the disbursement
of money obtained in settlements of court actions
against the companies. Bloom was expected to explain
his Jan. l9 decision to give the $4 million in settlement
money to charitable organizations so they could
Vdisburse it to poor people having trouble paying their
lteating bills. The Reagan administration is trying to get
what's left of the money back, saying Bloom exceeded
his authority. Department spokesman Phil Keif said
Energy Secretary James Edwards “is not objecting to
getting the money to low-income people. He just wants
it back so that a decision on how to disburse it will be

 

Campus Bniefs

 

Department Awarded Grant

The chemistry department ltas recently been awarded
a grant frpm the National Science Foundation for
Undergraduate Research Participation. Titis program is
specially designed for gifted undergraduates who have a
strong motivation to undertake research.

Students selected from institutes such as the Stevens
Institute ofTechnology will be required to work on pro-
jects in biomedical and computer sciences. They will
work closely with members of the chemistry faculty with
demonstrated research abilities. Each participant will
receive a stipend ol' $l,2()t) over a ten week period.
60 percent of the students who will participate in this
program will be recruited from institutions other than
Stevens.

The deadline of application is April 1, I98I.

Application blanks are available by contacting:
M.S. Mahas, Ph.D., Professor of Chemistry, Stevens
Institute of Tecltnology. Castle Point, Hoboken, New
Jersey 07030 - Tel. (200420-5526.

Fellowships Are Available

Graduate Students who hold Bachelor's degrees front
SUNYA and ltave been in residence at SUNYA for at
least two years as undergraduates are eligible to apply
for fellowship awards of $500.

The Hustcd Fcllowsltip. established in recognition of
Dr. Albert N. Hustcd’s 50th year on the faculty, may be
u_sed for graduate study at this or any other accredited
university.

The Agnes E. Futterer Memorial Fellowship,
established in recognition of Futtercr‘s contribution to
the development of theatre at SUNYA, may bc used for
graduate study in theatre or theatre related fields at this
or any other accredited university.

These fellowships will be awarded on Alumni Day,
May I6, l98l. Application forms are available from
Alumni Affairs Office in Alumni House, and mttst be
returned to tltc Alumni Office before April 1.

Career Luncheon Planned

Forty area professionals and members of the Albany

Rotary Clttb ltave agreed to donate one morning, April
I 2nd, to the career exploration of selected Albany
students.

During this half-day career venture. students will
spend tlte ntorning observing, interviewittg, and interac-
ting with a [Deal professional, practicing his or ltcr pro-
fession. A wide range of occupations will be represented
includin': Commercial Art. Business, Banking, Com-
munication. Medicine, Dentistry. Manufacturing,
Human Services, Education, Public Adntinistration.
Marketing, Insurance. Rgtniling. Real Estate,
Public Broadcasting. After a tttorttittg of ‘cxpericutial
lcztrttittg.’ students will be treated to lunch at tile Albany
Thruway House. courtesy of the Albany Rotary Club.

 

 

L The Center for Undergraduate Education (CUE) is

 

 

made in the right way." For the past three years. Bloom
headed the Energy Department’s investigation of the
country's 35 biggest oil companies, resulting in allega-
tions that the companies had committed Sll billion in
pricing violations.

Atlanta Search Continues

ATLANTA, Ga. (AP) Police say they have ruled out a
connection between a suicide victim and one of Atlan—
ta's slain children, but the suicide car was at the state
crime laboratory Sunday for a going-over by in.
vestigators in the child death cases. Tom McGrecvy, a
spokesman for the Georgia Bureau of Investigation,
conﬁrmed that the car was at the crime laboratory.
Crime Lab Director Dr. Larry Howard said two weeks
ago he had found fibers on or near the bodies of two or
the 13 black children found slain in the Atlanta area
within the past 19 months. Two other black children are
missing. There ltave been no arrests in the deaths and
disappearances. Howard said tltc fibers connected the
cases of the two victims, but he would not say what the

 

'fibers were or which cases were linked. Otlter reports in-

dicated similar fibers were found on or near other vic-
tims. On Saturday. police checked out a possible
rcsentblance between the suicide victim and a composite
drawing of a man being sought for queStioning in the
slaying of 11-year-old Patrick Baltazar, bttt found no
connection, said DeKalb County PublicSafety Director
Dick Hand. Hand said Atlanta police would follow up
to see wltetltcr the suicide ltad any connection with the
string of IS child slayings and two disappearanccs. The
stticidc victim. whose identity was not rcleasctl, died of
carbon monoxide poisoning Saturday after he ran a hose
from the car's exhaust through a window itt the car, said
medical examiner Dr. Saleb Zaki.

co-sponsoring this cvcrtt with the Albany Rotary Club
and will be coordinating the selection of students.
Students interested in participating may pick up an up»
plicatiott blank at CUE, fill it out. anti rctttrtt it to CUle
nn ltllt’l' than March 6. A total of 40 students will be
selected (one student per professional site). Students will
be selected by a random drawing according to
designated areas of interest to be made on March I6. I'm
more information contact Dina Meliti at CUE.

Students-Faculty Battle

Watch faculty and students battle it out on Wednes-
day in the annual Student-Faculty Basketball Game.

The game, which will be held Wednesday at 8 pm in
the main gym. will be refereed by former New York
Knickerbocker Barry Kramer.

The Special Olympics basketball team will appear at
halftime.

Admission is 5.50 with SUNYA ID and $l.00 general
admission.

All proceeds will be donated to Telethon ‘8l.

Alumnus to Speak on Nukes

Henry Makowitz from the Department of Nuclear
Energy at the Brookltaven National Laboratories will
give a free lecture on campus Thursday. His talk is en-
titled “A New Search for the Disposal of Nuclear Reac—
tor Waste and the Development of Nuclear Power."

Makowitz, who earned his Bachelor's degree in
physics at SUNYA in I974, has been a prominent
trtember of tltc research team at Brookhavcn for several
years. Much of his own work has been in the area of
byperfuse, an inertial confincntcut system for fusion
energy production and fission waste transmutation.
Makowitz is also a well known speaker, having lectured
throughout Europe in connection with his research.

According to the Society of Physics Students. the lec—
ture this Tltttrsday will be “somewhat scientiﬁc, bill also
tailored for a general college audience."

Makowitz will begin speaking at 7:30 pm. in LC 22.

Smile and Say ‘Money’

The Great American Photo Contest with its grttnd
prize of $10,000 and 458 overall winners is now acecp»
ting entries.

The contest is open to amateur photographers only
and offers two fields of competition. The General Com-
petition, itt which any type of camera can be used. in-
cittdcs the categories of people, travel, nature, and open
choice. in the Instant Developittg Competition, only his-
tattt process cameras can be used.

ltt addition to the 458 prizes to be awarded, all win-
new will be given the opporttmity to be published lit a
portfolio of winners at the contest‘s cttd.

Also, the Great American Photo Contest offers peo-
ple and groups a fund-raising opportunity-distributing
entry blanks to tltc bookstore. photo departments. and
camera stores.

Entry blanks or information on distributing blanks
can be obtained by writing the Great American Photo
Contest at I'.(). lios 120050. Nashville, Tcttncssce
372l2; or by calling I-liOO-ZSI-I79t). J

 

 

 

February 24.- 1981' ' r d I ’

Spring NYPIRG Conference Held

by Bruce Levy

Over 700 students from all over
New York state and other areas
such as Massachusetts and Mon-
treal gathered last weekend at
SUNYA for the annual Spring Con-
ference of the New York Public In-
terest Research Group (NYPIRG).

Among the speakers were Ex-
ecutive Director of NYPIRG
Donald Ross, Consuttter Activist
Ralph Nader and Village Voice col-
ttntnist James Ridgeway.

One of the dominant themes of
the conference was criticism of
President Ronald's "inadequate
policies.“

Nader charged that Reagan "is
the ntost uninformed U.S. Presi-
dent in history."

Ridgcway, in a workshop on in-
vestigative reportittg, stated that
“Reagan and the conservative ad-
ministration are moving towards
ending public education and mak-
ing it private."

Porn Movies NiXed'

by Sylvia Saunders '

Albany State Cinema (ASC) has
been denied permission to show
Deep Throat or. Devil in Miss Jones
on campus by Director of Student
Activities Jim Docllefcld, according
to ASC President Mike Fried.

University policy mandates that
any movie under litigation in
Albany County cannot be shown to
the SUNYA community. Both re-
quested movies have been in litiga-
tion for over a year under original
charges of obscenity. Doellefeld
said his office periodically checks to
see what cases are still active.

Fried said he thought the movie
should be allowed to be shown
because the university is separate
front the community. Docllefcld,
however, said the university should
strive to be a part of the community
and consequently denied permis-
sion.

“We were quickly told we
couldn't do it," Fried said. “There
isn‘t anything we can do about it.

Most Students Want Distribution

by Mark Fischetli

The ASP randomly surveyed 253
undergraduates attd 33 teachers last
week to fittd tltc reaction of the
SUNYA academic body regarding
the imposition of distribution rc-
quirctncttts ltcre, a proposal now
being investigated by special corn-
mittcc.

Overall. 67 percent of SUNYA
students favored distribution rc-
quircntcnts. An average of l9.9 rc-
quircd credits was suggested.

We need Doellefeld's signature as
well as (SA Controller) Ira
Somach's.

Fried said he thought one of the
movies might be allowed since Deep
Throat was shown on campus two
years ago by Tower East Cinema.

However, Doellefeld said the on-
ly reason the movie was shown was
because Tower East had already
firmly committed itself. Daellefeld
said if they tried it again, he
wouldn‘t let a “mistake” happen.

Fried said he tltinks students
should be able to see whatever
movies they want. “Deep Throat
was shown two years ago. That
means half the school hasn't been
given the opportunity to see it. A lot
of other movies are available. But a
lot of students want to see these two
particular movies out of curiosity."

In additiott, lte said, X-rated
movies always attract a huge att-
dience. "We would make a fortune
on Deep Throal."

teachers was taken. those surveyed
\vcrc ltighly itt l'nvor; till percent
supported distribution 1c-
quircmcnts. Teachers suggcslcd an
average of 23.9 required credits.

Only 38 percent of freshmen
surveyed favored requirements, and
freshtttctt preferred as few man-
datory credits as possible.

The pcrccttt itt favor increased
steadily with class year, as did the
amount of required credits sug-

i

Albaity Student Priess: -

He urged stttdcttt reporters to not
only report events, but to dig at the
facts behind them and check the
hiddctt facts in all areas; including
their own colleges and universities.

Along with the 48 scheduled
workshops and various films and
lectures. NYPIRG Public Citizen
Awards were presented to five New
York State citizens for their public
interest work.

The recipients were Dr. Rosalie
Britalc. for her work as an anti-
nuclear activist; Hope Donavan.

for ltcr work on the Bottle Bill;~

Juan Aiello. a member of the
Citizens Alliance. for work as a
community activist; John Ringdcn.
for activism against telephone com-
pany rate increases; and singer-
songwritcr Harry Cltapin, for the
use of his musical skills in work
against world Itttnger.

Chapin. following his acceptance
speech, sang two of his works, one
with the assistance of his nine-year-
old son. the other dedicated to the
late former Congressman AI
Lowenstcin and John Lennon.

Cltapin remarked that students
possess great abilities to effect
change, and lie urged tltem'to utilize
them instead of pulling "out like
lltc communes of tile ‘60's. because
the world keeps on churning and
going on. with or without you."

At the close of the two-day cott-
i'crencc. tltc weary bttt enthusiastic
members gathered for one last titttc
in one of the lecture centers to
watch :1 few skits and sing songs
along with Long Island guitarist
Slcve Vilol'l‘.

As students began to exit, tltc
lenders and otgnuircrs gathered itt

conﬁrmed on page eleven

stated that as they advance itt their
education they appreciate morc.
and thus better understand the
necessity for a well-rounded cur-
riculuut. Seniors supported rc-
quircmcnts the tnost. Matty said
they rcgrcl ttot ltaving tztkcn a
broader curriculum, wltilc others
who felt they had taken a wide
range of courses are glad they did.
Freshmen, ltowcvcr. stated greater
concern in finding a major than itt
.bccoming well—rounded.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.....-:-...-s.‘=.

-.‘.t

   

" rt. '

---"-'-'”-z:rr'='::::::::::

Page Three

 

n...

Students ll conference meelln In the lecture center.
Crilicisnt of the Reagan administration was a dominant theme.

 

 

by Sandy Schnlkowaltz

cancellation due to vandalism.

 

tion.

major, tltc Social Science majors
favored requirements and cott—
sidcred themselves tnorc diverse
than other students did. Scicttcc
and math students least favored
distribution rcqttircmcnts, but the
disparity among majors was ttot
great.

The ASP survey read as follows:
"There is presently a committee on
distribution requirements which
proposes that. to graduate. SUNYA
students would have to complete

rProduction of “Grease”
Will not be Cancelled

The Indian Quad production of Grease will be performed in the
quad cafeteria on February 27 and 28 and March l despite rumors of

On the weekend of March is. Indian Quad was the site of several
incidents of vandalism. A large plate glass window, valued at approx-
imately $300.00, was shattered lit the flag roont. Two couches were
destroyed. On Sunday a food figltt erupted in the cafeteria. leaving the
carpet and curtains stained and a mess that University Auxiliary Scr-
vice (UAS) ctttployecs were left to clean.

UAS decided that sontc punitive action should be taken against the
quad, according to Grease prodttccr Diane Bartosclt. One course of
action. proposed by UAS Assistant Food Service Director Peter
Haley, was to cancel the quad's production ol Grease. However. ac-
cording to iiurtosclt. none of the members of the cast was involved in
tltc incident. Haley informed Bartosch later that week that the cast of
Creme 'would be able to use the cafeteria as planned for its produc-

Requirements

1

 

posed to certain kinds ofknowlcdge
basic to an educated person, to
prepare ltim not only for a job, but
for anything he might cncottnter In
life.

“Con: A student is limited in
academic freedom. =chuired
courses may not- be witltin his in-
lercsts."

The person‘s class. major. age,
and sex. were asked, as well as the

' following questions: “Are you in

favor of distribution requirements?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Although only a small sample or gamed. uppcrdassmc“ generally or those Who have (loaded on n one or two cottrscs in each of the Why or why not? Whether in favor
Dlstrlbutton Required following categories: Other or not, how many Cfe.dll:lz(::l(;6l;:
‘ l i t .'. ' l S ' ‘ . , fair amount to require . .
Requirements credll‘ Wt" Rmmdtd  anSOFciit: Artsfllflldtcuer; 3With or without such. requirements
070 in Sld- Sciences, and Symbolics. , have you, in ryour Opl;1:0n. taken a
' ' “ ' d . would wide range 0 courses
Sinden‘g yes No Favor Avg. Dev. YCS N" 0“) yes amoﬁrftqtlri'aicminihtou‘higtffs18 credits Students and faculty who favorﬁd
d ' f 36, depending distribution requirements genera y
Freghman (21) 8 ‘3 38070 18.5 1.5 B 8 62070 2: hiwmtzhxcmfiiltrzii :roposal is devis- agreed that a college education
| ' ed. means more than just compliegng a
8307 “ : A h raduates major, while those against 1 not
sophomurc (54) 30 24 56070 19.3 2.8 45 9 o witli’d‘hcgred’cghzit‘tldﬂhgveg been ex- | like “being told what to do."
83 070 Distribution Required
' 78 32 71% 20.2 5.2 91 19 .
Jumor (1 ‘0) Requirements CredIlS
Senior (68) 54 I4 79% 20.0 3.9 SI 17 75% % hi Std.
3 N0 AV . v.
Total1253) 170 83 67% 19.9 4.4 200 53 79% Teachers Yes Favor g De
\ Science and
.4 10.6
M330“ a”, (13) 12 1 92% 23
‘ r I I 9 4.0 7.0
31332321" d 21 13 62% 21 .o 5-2 2“ V 6 82% usincss (5) 5 0 99 ’0 2
- 8.307 28.2 4.9
Business 142) 29 13 69% 20.2 4-3 24 8 8| "/0 Soc. SCI. (6) 5 1 0
" "/0 I H nities and
' 1 - 700/1 18.0 5.2 58 9 8/ uma . .
oc. Set. (67) 47 20 1 Fine Ans (9) 7 I: 78% 21.6 3 0
. . ‘ . .7
3.2321233“ 43 21 67% 19.9 4.6 53 9 85% T0,... (33) 29 4 88°70 23 9 7

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wan-mamas...

 

