 
     

  
    

 

 

 

 

utsido’ Agitation:

The us. is the wrong Side

As the US. government and weapons
merchants have distributed many billions of
dollars in arms to totalitarian governments
around the world. it is of the utmOst
hypocrisy for Haig. Bush, Reagan and
others in the US. ruling circle to complain
about 'outside' aid to the people of El
Salvador. No one. not even Haig. claims
that there are Soviet. Cuban, or Nicaraguan
personnel in El Salvador. But the U.S..
those condemnators of ‘outside agitators.’
admitted to ﬁve military ‘advisors' on Sun-
day, l2 on Wednesday, 15 on Thursday. 20
on Friday —- in addition to an augmented
CIA contingent in El Salvador! Either
they're sending in ﬁve to seven new
‘advisors' a day. or suddenly it began rain-
ing military advisors in El Salvador after a
presumed drought.

The myth of the 'outside agitator' has
been used so many times to rationalize
death squads, arms sales. and ‘police ac-
tions' (Vietnam was. if you remember your
history. was not a war but officially a
‘police action." since Congress never
declared war). that one would think the
govenment could cry 'wolf’ just so many
times before the people of this country
woke up! The US. government is the out-
sider; our corporate and banking interests
raid Latin American nations for natuaral
resources and cheap labor. \‘I

Like shop-lifters in a bloody interna-
tional supermarket. they sweep the'
resources of other peoples into their shop-
ping carts and. under the protection of
US. armed assassins, wheel them out the
door into their waiting airplaines. trucks.
and helicopters to be exported to other
right-wing dictatorships where labor under
the gun is cheap

in the face of exploitation attd repression
a people has a right to turn for aid to any
one willing to provide it. Freedom is not a
commodity sold on the open market -—— but
some of the implements needed to achieve it
arel Should the Soviet Union. Cuba.
Roumania. West Germany. and other na-
tions sell arms to El Salvador's mutilated
people?

Who are the American arms

Mitchel Cohen

manufacuters of death and merchants of
holocausts to complain? Didn't GM and
Ford build tanks and airplane engines for»
the Nazi's in World War ll, as well as for
the U.S.? Aren't those companies still
receiving yearly reparations, to the tune of
$27 million annually. for the ‘accidental'
British and American bombing of their
Nazi plants? Perhaps they simply resent
competition in what once was an exclusive
American monopoly of the world ar-
maments market. Ah. pity those poor
beleaguered capitalists. selling F-tat
bombers to both isreali and Arab. who pro-
fit from war by arming both sides.

The myth of the ‘outside agitator' has
several other dimensions as well. if only it
were true that the Soviet Union would arm
and provide support for peoples' liberation
struggles around the world! The U.S. gives
the Soviet Union too much credit by claim-
ing Soviet support for freedom struggles
around the world. and thus simply
perpetuates and reinforces that which it
would oppose.

 

The war in South Vietnam. for example,
was largely fougltt nor with Soviet weapons.
but with arms captured from American
soldiers; it wasn't until near the end of the
war that Soviet-made tanks were used in the
final offensive in South Jietnam. if only
Haig's wolf-calling over this huge
‘liberation-arms' conspiracy was true! The
people of the world would be grateful!

But in general, it isn‘t. This is "0110 50)’

that the Soviet Union‘ doesn't supply
military equipment to already established
guerrilla struggles. because it does —— with
strings. and not enough. Most people
fighing for their own liberation have no
desire to trade the strings of the Soviet
Union (which are. albeit. not as brutal or
resource-raiding) for the brutality of the
U.S.-backcd juntas and ruling class.

People fighting for liberaion. for
FREEDOM, as are the El Salvadorans. as
were the Nicaragunns two years ago. are as
wary as they are grateful. Victories come
not in military putsehcs or coups, even with
the roost advanced weaponry. but through

 

 

 

 

 

 

the mass-mobilization and support of a
whole people. the working class and its
allies. the peasantry. of the Church. (in El
Salvador and in Nicaragua).

in El Salvador. as in Vietnam. the US.
government is not supporting the wrong
side — it is the wrong side! What is'
necessary is an immediate and total cessa-
tion of us. military and economic ‘aid‘ to
the government of El Salvador; a
withdrawal of all U.S. personnel; a commit-
ment to refrain from interference in the in-
ternal affairs of other nations. and of the
right of all people to self-determination;
and an end to the corporate plunder of
resources and labor of Latin America and
all other nations of the Third World .

i do not believe that the corporate and
financial institutions. in collaboration with
the military might of the US state. will
stop being imperialist. either through
legislation or through appeals to the morali-
of arms merchants. corporates magnates
and financial brokers. Their general interest
isn't anything by moral. and their will-
ingness to exploit knows only one color —
green — the color of their profits.

However. i do believe that the people of
the United States can and must construct a
mass movement to oppose/US. military
and economic aid to the junta in El
Salvador and to aid. in our numbers. ac-
tions, and demands. the people of El
Salvador in their struggle for liberation. We

 

 

Telethon Time

To the Editor:

Could you look up from your books for a
minute? They took the “Closed for
Winter” signs off the fountain stairs.
Midterms are just about over. You walk out
of your 4:15 class and the sun is still shin-
ing. And Telethon ‘81 is only seven days
away.

Telethon is one of the few SUNYA events
that brings students.,faculty. and the com-
munity together in an effort to do
something worthwhile. For twenty-four
hours SUNYA works together and shows
just how much a school of “apathetic”
students is capable of giving.

But Telethon isn't just one weekend. it's
been going on all year. Hundreds of
students have given countless hours and
much money to make events such as the
Dance Marathon. Benefit Concert. Hallo-
ween and Christmas parties, Book Ex-
change. Afternoon at the Bars, and many
other successful events. For those of you
who have. helped. we can't thank you
enough. it is your support that makes
Telethon what it is.

During the months leading up to
Telethon. those of us involved with the peo-
pie from Parkhurst Children's Shelter and
New York Special Olympics have learned
how truly special they are.

So. during the next week when you see a
sign advertising a sale or someone selling a
door prize chance for Telethon. take a
minute to give it some thought. Take a littl:
time to care and join us in our effort to
make Telethon ‘81 a success.

— Sldonlc Contino & David Yokcl
Ctr-Chairpersons —— Telethon '8]

 

are far wiser that we were at the ‘ g

of US. involvement itt Victncm; we unders-
tand what. needs to be done here at home. iii
the belly of the monster, ever if we are at
the tnomettt unable to effectuate that
understanding on a mass scale.

Thtts. we have tools available to us now
that were unavailable at the start of the
U.S. war on Vietnam. This is reﬂected in
the large-scale distrust. even in Congress.
for US. statements on El Salvador. a
distrust that has led to the introduction of
House Bill l509 —— lo cut off all aid to the
junta — attd sponsored. as of this writing.
by more than 40 members. of Congress. a
bill we should all support.

 

\llE GOTTA SEND
A Sic-aim. TO
THE RllﬁﬁlANﬁ.’
Tillﬁ LO0K5 LiKE
A5 GOOD A PLACE
A5 ANY

 

  
 
 
 
 
    

Wear/2W 0 7 '\
College Press Sorvrce \ ' \
- \

 

 

Clarifications

To the Editor:

I do implore you to take affirmative
measures to prevent the further deteriora-
tion in quality of the column and editorial
sections of the ASP. Regarding the colutnn
section of the March 24 issue. may i
rhetorically ask why the readership must be
subjected to (lie Opinions of some dim-
witted buffoon (named Juphct annn) \vho
ltas probably been writing letters to the
Kremlin for months demanding a position
as Campus Commisar for the K.G.l3.?

For starters. who wants to rely on an

 

analyst of Soviet international policy who
refers to Brezlmev‘s position as “premier”,
when itt fact he is General Secretary of the
Communist Party? This is like calling our
president. Vice-President Reagan.

Thank-you. Mr. Zwana for informing us
that the Soviets have explained their
presence in Afghanistan and that the
government there corroborated in the in»
tcrvention. l was worried that when the
Soviet army executed the old Afghan head
of state and flew in another Afghan to take
his place and ask for a Soviet invasion. that
tlterc would be no Soviet explanation.

As far as the editorial is concerned. i am
puzzled as to why the editor would try to in-
sinuate that the murders in Atlanta are con—
nected with a rebirth of rttcial hatred in this
country. At the time of the writing. police
still had no leads as to the racial identity of
the killcr(s). Moreover, many whites as wcil
as blacks have cotttributcd both financially
and directly iii the investigation of the
crimes.

—— Andrew Brooks

Joggers Beware

To the Editor:

i would like to address this letter to
anyone who jogs on Perimeter Road at
night. Please stay off the roudl The other
night wltile driving around a curve between
State and lntlian Quads. l ltnd to turn my
wheel sharply to avoid it jogger who ap-
peared suddenly. Since curved ltctttiligltls
me not standard on cars. it jogger cannot be
seen until the lust few seconds. it frightens
me to tltink what could have happened had

 

3,... Wm...  .L ﬂ..- a...‘ a ..

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

Best Picture:

‘But Foreign-Language Film:
Q'Hungary: Confidence
DlJapan: Kagentusha (The Shadow Warrior)
DIFrancc: Le Dernler Metro (The Lost Metro)
Cl USSR: Moscow Does Not Belleue in Tears
 Spain: The Nest

But Director:
D;Davld Lynch —— The Elephant Man
DiRobert Redford — Ordinary People
UlMartin Scorcese — Raging Bull
PlRlchard Rush —, The Stunt Man
Cl Roman Polanski — Tess

Best Actor:
DRobert DeNiro for Raging Bull
DRobert Duvall for The Great Santini
DJohn Hurt for The Elephant Man
[:lJaclt Lemmon for Tribute
DPeler O'Toole for The Stunt Man

But Actrcoo:
[:lEllen Burstyn for Resurrection
ClGoldie Hawn for Private Benjamin
|EIMary Tyler Moore for Ordinary People
1:] Gena Rowlands for Gloria
USIssy Spacek for Coal Miner's Daughter

Boot Supporting Actor:

I‘D Michael O'Keefe for The Great Santini

Joe Pescl for Raging Bull

|:I.Jason Robards for Melvin and Howard
Belt Supporting Actual:

D Eileen Brennan -— Private Benjamin

Cl Eva Le Gallicnne — Resurrection

Ur Cathy Moriarty — Raging Bull

C] Diana Scarwid — Inside Moues

E] Mary Steenburgen —- Melvin and Howard

Best Cinematography:
[j Nestor Alemendros ~ The Blue Lagoon
.l:l Ralf Detler Bode — Coal Miner's Daughter
[:1 James Crabe — The Formula

The 1980 Academy Award Nominees

'C] Judd Hirsch and Timothy Hutton both for Ordinary People

 

 

 

. n ur" u., P 4“
k'  {In   (1'
.K v/ "I" /,l|'(‘ 
r; l’. J I r ' '
l' J I
 r '
A r’ ' " .Jr ,.
‘ t“.  '

 

 

 

 

-Coql Miner‘s Daughter, The Elephant Man. Ordinary People. Raging Bull. Tess.

D Michael Chapman — Raging Bull

Boot Editing:
[3' Arthur Schmidt — Coal Miner's Daughter
El. David Blewttt ~— The Competition
Q Anne V. Coates — The Elephant Man
El Gerry Hambllng — Fame
E] Thelmaﬁchoonmaker — Raging Bull
Boot Art Direction:

Coal Miner's Daughter. The Elephant Man. The Empire Strikes Back, Kagemusha (The

Shadotu Warrior). Tess.
Boot COIIIIIIII Danica:

The Elephant Man. My Brilliant Career. Somewhere in Time. Tess. When Time Ran Out.

Boot Music in f‘ ‘“ With “ "

 

Cl Geoffrey Unsworth and Ghlslain Cloquet —- Tess

 

Boot Original Scorn:
C] John Corigliano -- Altered States
C] John Morris — The Elephant Man
[1 John Williams —— The Empire Strikes Back
El‘Mlchaei Gore —— Fame
{3 Philippe Sarde — Tess

But Song:
'ClvTheme from Fame
[3"‘9 to 5" from 9 to 5

D "On the Road Again" from Honeysuckle Roae

D “Out Here On My Own" from Fame

f3 “People Alone" fro_m The Cp'rnpetltlon
Boot Origin-l Soroonplnv:

Cl W.D. Richter. Arthur Ross — Brubalrer

C] Christopher Gore — Fame

Cl Bo Goldman — Meiuln and Howard

I] Jean Gruault — Mon Oncle d‘Amerlque

C] Nancy Meyers. Charles Sltycr. Harvey Miller — Private Benjamin

Boat Adaptor! Scroonpl-y:

CllJonathon Hardy. David Stevens. Bruce Beresford — Breaker Moran!

[I Rom Rickman — Coal Miner's Daughter

El-Chrlstopher DcVore. Eric Bergren. David‘Lynch — The Elephant Man

Cl Alvin Sargent —— Ordinary People

CllLawrence B. Marcus. Richard Rush — The Stunt Man

Special awards are to he give
visual effects).

 

 

Hot llclto on Page 3-.

 

ASPocto alumni delivers new

 
 
  
 
 
  

 

Nick Brlgnoll manta:
‘lrom lll. home ground
on Page 1-.

 

 

n to Henry Fonda. and to The Empire Strikes Back (special

 

 

  

A non} look for tho Production
Company and other Diver-lon-
on pogo 8a.

 

 

