 

 

 

T f'f‘mw”m‘ M. 1

 

 

 

 

 

» .«qr-rr-........-.....-......-. . v.. r

  v -Ag!¢ci¢“ ‘on' Thu?!” 

 

 

. " Headed-In 'l'he Ill

l'aturday night's show at Bogart’s
2chould be an indication that Albany

" may have yet another original
I t I I l

ena

Flay Caliglure?

The Executives are a five member band
led by a pair of SUNYA alumni, who are
drawing crowds with an appealing mixture of
danceable originals and Innovative cover
versions of early rock and Motown stan-
dards.

Guitarist Jim Sande is a 1976 graduate of
Albany State. who in '79 began playing local,
clubs with bass player Bill Vrooman and
drummer Stirling Post. Harvey Kojan. also
-from SUNYA. Was added on keyboards in
May of last year. and lead vocalist Llsa
Robllotto joined in August. forming The Ex-
ecutives' present line-up.

Bogart's. located at Ontario and Madison.
frequently showmses local rock bands. and
was mobbed Saturday night for the last of
three performances by the band.

The Executives' musical Inﬂuences range
from early rock 'n' roll. to soul. lay and
classical music, giving them a wide musical
scope. “We're trying to establish a new

sound." said Kojan backstage between sets.
“it's important to establish originality. Jim ls
writing varied- songs. ".

 

‘ The band is centered around the
songwriting abilities of Sande. Sande. who
describes himself as a "simple song form
player." has written all the original material
the band is currently performing. Many years
of classical guitar training have greatly in-
ﬂuenced his playing and writing.

"Being classically trained helps my
understanding of musical forms and har-
mony." Sande explained. “Technically it has
helped me play guitar. 1 know where the

melodies. "Right Direction" has a fresh
uncluttered sound with all musical elements

clearly defined.
The only song The Executives have

recorded to date. “Right Direction" has
received considerable airplay on Q-104 and
WCDB. it's a great song that could be a local
hit for the band.

Of the thirty-six songs The Executives per-
formed Saturday night. twelve were

 

“The Executives musical Influences range fro

In early

rock ‘n' roll, to soul, jazz - and classical...”

 

notes are. it gives me a lot of ﬂexibility." The
classical inﬂuence is evident in lWo new
songs. "Drummers and Strummers." and
"Corporate World." They feature clean
melodic leads flowing from Sande's guitar.
Written in a repeatable eight bar phrase
form. these songs were originally written for
classical guitar.

One of their best songs is “Right Direc-
tion." an Infectious, jumpy rhythmic tune
with quick chord changes and a sing-a-long
chorus. On keyboards. Kojan adds an in-
teresting counterpoint to Satide's guitar

Rainbow, Bologna.

Doug and tiie Slugs
Cognac rind Bologna
RCA
jl my name was Doug (it is). and l
bad a rock ‘n' roll band l had to
name t\ don't} . what would be the
mitr'liii'st niiniv l could come up with" Doug
.mtl the Slugs. of (outsell Now l liilttu' lflt'
ii.:iiir' titut' sound a little funny. but the rnusrr
i~ ir'niii,‘ good This is it ifiSli' lllL'lKi of ttit‘lt.
swing dittf calypso ivith just o pinch of R&H
and .i fiiiit of reggae,

The fithf sirle features sornv higlilv tl|\'L't\‘-_‘
songs. from the danceable "To Be
Laughing" to the 50's sound of “Too Bad "
Side two opens with the extremely cntciiy
~wing beat of "Chinatown Calculation"

which really starts the feet a-tappin'. Two
other songs on this side that really capture
the listener are "Drifting Away" with its
calypso style. and “Tropical Rainsiorm." o
bluesy tune with bcautiful guitar ivoi'k.
J  . . _

    

Cognac and Bologna is a very solid album
{mm a bunch of our Northern neighbors.
.They seem to have had a good time and a lot
of fun making this album. and It comes
across in the songs. Despite their name
Doug and the Slugs seem to have a definite
ft'JIture In rock 'n' roll and it's not a bad one at
a .

Yoko Ono
Walking fln Thin lr‘t' r- For John
(it-lien Rut oirla

allong Uri Thin ice ~ F~r John is
rtti interesting l:..l’ it contains three
\trngS written by Yoko Ono. and

was recorded while John was still alive

 

The title track. the only song on side one.
. is a very tuitcliv song with a prominent bass
line and interesting electronic effects. It

features Yoito's very distinctive vocals.
which include various noises in addition to
singing, The lyiirs are very thought provok
riig.

Side two contains two songs; “it Hopper»
ed" and "Hard Times Are Over." a song off
the Double Fantasy Ll’ put out in late 1980.
"it Happened" is a song originally written in
1973 that was remixed and recorded in
1980. Though the lyrics are sparse. the song
reveals the anguish Yoko must be going
through now. even though it was written
eight years ago:

It happened at a time o/ my life when l
least expected

it happened at a time o] my life when l
leasr expected

i don't even remerriber how it happened

iduri'i even remember the day it happens
ed

But it happened

originals. But even the cover versions were
arranged. often with excellent results.

Robllotto looked sexy in an all black outfit
contrasted only by shiny white ankle boots.
She boasted a diversified singing style. ex-
emplified on songs like "You Keep Me
Hanging On," an old soul classic. and
Aretiia Franklin's "Respect," Robllotto
displayed her ability to absorb other musical
forms and incorporate them into her own
singing style.

The cover songs showed a wide range of
musical influences. They performed Chuck

ght Direction

Berry's "Money," “Rock and Roll Music"
and “Nadine,” and soul classics such as 3']
Heard it Through the Grapevine," v
featuring Robllotto's soulful vocals

The lengthy rendition of "Nadine" includ-
ed a long funky jau oriented jani. reminis.
cent of Steely Dan's earlier work their kit
provisation worked exceptionally tin-II. much
to the delight of a deilrlriusly tlrtttt'ltlu nu.
dlence.

The Executives are Writing irittililt‘ (ind
direct rock tunes which they run perform
well in an intimate setting such .is Hog.rn'5
They've started playing .J.i3 Pit-oil's on
weekends. with hopes that soniutiung bigger
.Is ahead for them. Though Without tr record
contract. they have enough lirrriltiitgs‘ 1.,
keep them busy. “We're tritium in...de
three months in advance." Rttlilllillii said.

When asked If “Right Direction" might be
released soon as a single or till i.l’. Sundr-
replied. “It may happen. We Writli iii gut (m.
ther up the ladder. it has to lirippt’n e ihu
band wan't last. We want it largo it'glonal
recognition."

From the basis of this pi'll'illlliiiilL‘ mill
one Thursday night. this rt‘\’lt'\'.i'i li'l'ls the
Executives have potential it
teresting to see how iliuv dunk,“ ii...”
talents as they try to .tlli‘rtt'i ltttili‘ .riirrimi...
One thing is certain ~— The l 
headed in the right direction I

again

‘.i..ll llt‘ ill.

il-li'» tlll’

Lightning And Ice

Yes. if liuplu-nr'd
Ooh. rt lltllllli'itt'fi
And i kltivtt' ffit'ft’lh no l't’ftitit. no way

This is an l.l’ with the Import of .in entire
album Ax Yulo. \xilll. “(jutting tins tiigi‘ilu't
riitt'i \‘.'ltril lirtjijli'llr'tl \l,‘.i\ lurid i’rttt l krirv':
.ltilJI‘qutiIi out im: his .iiiiiri if i liriiiii'i i
hope L'till i‘l'.I‘ ll. .irrliii itllti llll.‘ lu'st,” \VU
liiijit' igon fly if too lilrn. \litlaii tlltl lietti'i
liitlll hm llt'-'

Ritchie lilrit knioro
Difficult to (‘on-
l’olyrltn

rice again Ritchie Blrrcknioro and

0 L'tilllptiily have put out an album of

htilttl, iiard»liitting rock ‘ii' roll. This

is music in the “Grand Old Heavy Metrrl"

tradition. “(it in heavy guitar work and
powerful dinninnng

Rainbow. Blackrnore's band since he left
Deep Purple several years ago. has released
(I few previous riibunis llldl have gone
relatively unnoticed by a large part oi the
population l'lowever. this album strives to
be different. Blacknioie has written. along
with other members of the band, songs With
very thought provoking lyrics that are a com-
mentary on world events. This is unusual for
a heavy metal band,

Two of the tunes on the album that really
stand out are "Vielleicht Dos Naclister 7eit
(Maybe Next Time)." a very good it»
strumenttil that displays the bands musical
ability. and “Can't Happen Here." "Can't
Happen Here" is the social commentary
song on the album with lyrics lamenting the
sad state the world is in today.

Tire album closes with a very interesting
twist. The song is called “Difficult to Cure "
the title track in actuality the song is
Beethoven's Ninth Symphony arrange for a
Rock band and is done with zest and vigor.

—.

 

I GRADE. ALL. 5
AND PAPERS wlleTTiTA
KEEN EYE AND A

welMplﬁhRATtONAL

   
   

 

 

THEN HY DID
owe MEwA'D‘Mi BE
ON me DRILLMNT 32.
PAGE Parse l tittNDeD
IN AT THE DEGINNINGOF

.- war ween?

   
    

I DON 'T L
MON Dm'glfg

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

_ .... .......r,m.»w..-mv

 

Rainbow is making ri w
|)Urtfrilit'l’ iii the Alllrt'ii.
night They Will be .ipptvnm.
illltl judging in: this album .
but show indeed
-Do it; Wolf

i)iitl Mi i t'rill
(.‘frriin lightning
iii "A
iyon lilo-ti "Anu-
y fVlt'lA‘riii. iv. till i...
tllltl l‘ltt.’ fflrtiiii i n1"
ltJlL'rlSt'
it seems in if Mclyttii, 
folk musicians of the unit l"
riliondonerl llleritist‘ llititl~
"Aitiericnn Pie" ttlttl "Tn -
triltt‘ii llit’ east; vary trlrl l
ducei lthL’ full Control our ‘
is a definite mistake,

    

 

 

m |lit~

Producer Larry Butler lith trrlrlw‘
album the Nashville String.» rilltl  llin

.Jordanaires (oh joy!) Trilk .rlwi' : wilt
backup hand. these guys would \i mini iiiruit
at your grandmother's high school i. till-‘lt

if there is any saving grow on lli‘-.lllt1iill
it has to be the song “Chitin l,It.iiittiIii.- " illl‘
tune is the only one on the album tkiiltli
even remotely resembirk M l V-‘lll‘
folk/rock poetry.

it's difficult to get any sort of trim of how
Don McLean has been writing for lllt' PM
few years. for of the eleven li.ti‘lt~ on iili'
album. only six were written by ltilli A lli'l'
Orbison-Joe Melson tune. “('ivinii " “In

Cltust’n for release as it single Aiw ilvnt'”

were a Paul Ankri song. "it Doesn‘t Matter

Anymore." and the clrisoc llillll\ Willmirn
50'19- "Your Cheating limit." .iniontl
others

McLean sums tip his lurk oi iltitiitltlrillltll

WW iil‘tPi‘ni‘uiotely on the tum] It.“ i. of the
album. “it's A Beautiful Life" tells how lv'
feels about the album:

"I like the old things. but ljusi run '1 NW" “1’
the Idea o] trying something a fllfil' hit tit/2
Ierent. even if it's stupid . . "

Jim McClenaghlm

 

 

 

[February 14.7.1 931,

.Aepecle on Teuday

 

\ln

Tribute Leaves A sour 'I'aste

rtbute is not just bad — it is bad In

(7' the most embarassingly overdrawn

way. it is one of those movies

where people literally act out their most
private moments in full view of an audience.
.Rarely do two people have a scene alone In
this movie. There is always someone else
watching or. at the very least. taking pic-
tures. Every move. every action and emo-

Mark Ftossier

 

tion is so carefully staged and orchestrated
that lnstead'of moving the audience (the real
one. the one watching the movie. not starr-
ing in it) we end up squirming in our seats
waiting for the spectacle to be finished.

 

The embarrassment felt in Tribute. which
usually manifested itself in bursts of
“uncomfortable laughter" by many peoplg.
is different from that felt watching Scenes
From a Marriage or even Looking for Mr.
Goodbar. in those films we get the feeling
that we're eavesdropping on some personal
moment. that we've somehow wandered in-
to someone's home (and frequently.
bedroom) and decided to stay because it was
so interesting. But Tribute It; so overdone. so
loud — even in its quietest moments —— that

"its obvious these scenes are being played on-
- iy for audience effect; there is nothing real

motivating them.

One of this movie's biggest problems is its
hero. Scottie Templeton is a press agent who
supposedly squandered his serious literary
abilities In order to become a crowd pleaser
by writing movies. He is a constant cut-up
who refuses to take anyone or anything
seriously. He jokes his way through life
avoiding both responsibility and emotional
commitment. The character is not without
interest. We all know someone like him: the
class clown or the guest at the party who
makes everyone laugii and then goes home
alone. at least partly by choice. People who
use humor as a defense mechanism are not
rare. but any interest we might have had in

Eogieiish

favorite of mine. came banging -

first "Glad" by Traffic. a personal

over the loudspeaker. Then eight
women in Dansklns and T-shirts came
runnlng-hoppingbounclng up from the fully
lit auditorium to the stage. Footworks. a

presentation of Dance Council. had begun. -

and so had a delightful evening.

Jack Nuthall

As i mentioned iii iiiy preview article, the
program read like a smorgasbord of Dance
— everything from Ballet to Modern. And
that beginning number was perhaps one of
the most unusual in the show. it was billed as
an "improvisation" and can best be describ-

ed as a "dance about to be ." There was no
strict choreography. but Just a general plan
allowing the dancers to introduce and com
munlcate moves. Though not a disciplined
art form. dance improvisation. like In the
theatre. had the freshness and energy of art
in the act of creation. it was an intriguing
Idea. and i believe a very appropriate start

Scottie disappears because screenwriter Ber-
nard Slade and Jack Lemmon. who plays
the part. refuse to explore the character in
any depth.

The Initial difficulty is that Scottie. as
played by Lemmon. is neither funny nor
charming. His routines grow tiresome after
the first ten minutes. his jokes are stale and
stupid. and his. cavalier attitude is immatur‘e.
Yet we’re continually told how charming
Scottie ls. how mucii everyone loves him.
and what a great mart he is. Our sympathies
lie with his son iwretchedly play by the
talentiess Robby Benson) who Is not only
embarassed by his father. but Is trying to find
some reason to be proud of him. At one
point the son asks his father how he can
justify his existence on this planet (a question
i know 1 often ask my friends and family).
Dad ls speechless. but the answer turns out
to be that Scottie is a ray of sunshine in the
life of everyone he comes in contact with.
His zest for life and the joy he gives others
are. we're told. reason enough for us to find
it unjust that Scottie ls going to die of "some
blood disease ."

Slade. who is adapting his Broadway
show for the screen. doesn't bother to cori-
front any of the conflicts he's written into the
situation. if Scottie's lifestyle is so great why
is his private life such a disaster? His wife left
him. his son hates him and we're asked to
admire Scottie. The "this is your life" tribute
staged for film at the end seems a confirma-
tion of the old theory that the number of
friends you have is more important than the
depth of those 'irieiidsliips. Throughout the
film we're shown the problems with Scottie's
way of dealing with tlilngs. yet at the end
we're asked to embrace and admire it.

Jack Lemmon acts so horrendoust that
he too makes it difficult to sympathize with.
or even care about Scottie. The
"lighthearted" Scottie mugs shamelessly. like
a third rate vaudevilllan who's never seen a
camera before In his life. And as Scottie. the
anguished dying man trying to make sense
of his life, he stares. sighs heavily. and closes
his eyes a lot. These are the stock Lemmon
mannerisms. the ones he's been using for
almost thirty years. in fact this is the stock
Lemmon performance. no different than the
ones he gave in those awful sex farces he
made iii the sixties, or Saue the Tiger. The
latter was overplayed so badly that it woti
him an Academy Award and. lo and behold.
he was nominated again- this year for
Tribute. The competition is too strong for
him to win again. but the fact that be
prevented Donald Sutlierland's magnificent-
ly understated work in Ordinary People from
being recognized, is tragic (i am. however.
aware that the fault for this lies with the

for a show such as this.

musky human sensuality.
The first portion of the

was concluded with an atnuslng Chinese

Ballet periorined to the "Nutcracker Suite.

Undoubtedly the idea was based on. or
the cartoon
Chinese Ballet performed by dancing
mushrooms in Disney's Fantasia. it was the

le st recisel executed piece of the evening. ,
a p y bie that many His “The Last Eagle ,\

somehow connected with

but it was so thoroughly enjoya
seemed to find it their favorite.

Perhaps the best dance of the evening was
“Hot Butterflies" by Elizabeth Mallon and
Richard Schechter. Energetic and ambitious
from the start. It avoided ending in the sen-

Academy and not Lemmon).

Tribute won’t settle with being simply a
tear-lerker. it will stop at nothing short of
"slobber jerking." it wants the audience cry-
ing hysterically because they have been so
moved by the experience they’ve'just had.

rue or False? Women today
I? generally go through school either
as confetti headed "popular"
types, or cerebral "lonely" types.
if you answered "true." then you are in
agreement with Jack Heifner. author of the
long running off-Broadway play Vanities
which toured at the E last weekend.

Mr. Bruce W. Fox

 

 

4

The play follows three women. played by
Sally Sockwell. Sharon Ullrick and Jane
Dentinger. from their high school days as
cheerleaders. through college sorority
adventures. and finally to five years later in
“the real world." One ends up a traditional
housewife and mother. another becomes an
erotic art dealer. while the third “lives with"
someone. presutneable male. All. however.
feel unhappy and unfulfilled — though
reluctant to adrnlt it.

The play especially attempts to destroy the
myths surrounding good lookltig “popular”
girls who people generally envy. and think of
asilucky and well-adjusted. Stereotypically.
"popular" girls become prom queens. main-
tain a constant supply of boyfriends. and if
they play their cards right. easily secure a
husband and money for the rest of their
lives.

The question posed in Vanlltes is: are
such women really lucky? And if they aren't.
are women who grow up "non-popular"
ultimately any better off? You can't help
coming away from the theater thinking about
-tliesc questions. The play however offers
do clear cut answers.

My friend Lynn. a graduate of SUNYA.
thought the point of the play was to show
that no woman can ever feel truly fulfilled.
'Lynn majored in RCO. though. so there's no
telling how badly damaged her brain ls.

Vanities assumes that there is a clear
demarcation between “popular” and
"non-popular" girls. This assumption creates
a problem in evaluating the theme. Surely

 

The improv was followed by a modest but
competent ballet number and then a very
waim and sensual solo dance by Dale Small.
Thougii she had a couple of monienis of ;
awkwardness (and those were caused by
taking risks beyond her limits). it was by far
one of the better pieces of the evening.
There was a basic element to her art that Is
hard for me to define. but it dealt with a

 

there must be women who have found a
Eppy medium between popularity and iii-

timental and cutesy manner i expected (after
all. they were butterﬂies). and instead finish-
ed with a poignant. almost erotic moment. it
took my breath away.

The regular program was concluded with
an interesting modern duet. “The Monkey
Wrapped His Tali Around the Flagpole" and
the vivacious "JazzMatazz."

But the highpoints of the evening for me
were the two surprise mime performances by

scheduled show Rick Kuperberg. a guest from Albany's Per-

forming Arts Loft. l'm not very much an
authority on Dance (and at this point let me
thank the competent gentleman to my left —
who shall remain nameless — for his advice
and help). but I have performed mime
myself and Kuperberg's performance was
superior to anything I have seen recently.
"an extremely difficult
protrayal ol'the death of an eagle. involved
dual roles. one of which was a flying bird. If
you've never seen a mime ﬂy. you've missed
something. And i couldn't begin to discuss
his second performance. “False Start-3". in
which he kept the audience entertained with

. nulumﬂ‘ﬂshhtﬂmﬂwnmvwn

( .
Vanities Affair

but it overplays its rather skimpy hand and
ends up being a disaster. Tribute is a movie
totally lacking in taste. dignity. and, except .
for Lee Remlck's performance. any sense of
subtlety. .
I'm suprised it's not up for Best Picture.’ 0

ielligencel in Vanities if such women exist.
they are not mentioned.

Upon entering the theater. l was astonish-
ed to see the three actresses putting on
make-up and getting dressed right on the
stage. They continued that throughout the
iiitermtsslons. i suppose the point was to
force the audience to see what a narcissistic
and time consuming process making-up can
be in a "popular" woman's life.

Very little scenery was used. The props
and costumes provided most of the setting.

Jane Dentinger as Kathy played her role
of head cheerleader and compulsive
organizer with great conviction. Her dismay
when she discovers that her leadersiilp
qualities mean nothing iii the tea world is

   
 

 

  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
    
   
 
    

conveyed subtly. as it should be.

Sharon Ullrick as Mary comes across very
nicely as the most politically and socially ‘
aware of the three. who liberates herself by
finding a career and sleeping with countluu
men. Somehow she is able to maintain a
. brash exterior. while at the same time show-
_|ng that she is quietly susceptible to maternal
'desires.

Sally Sockwell stole the show with her
portrayal of the traditionally inclined
Joanne. The almost fanatical fervor with
which she maintained her virginity. plotted
for marriage. and took courses in college .
based on which registration line was shortest.
kept the large audience laughing
throughout.

Generally. then. for those not initiated in
the wild. wonderful world of Women's
Studies. Vanities can provide a stimulating
introduction. For those uninterested in
Women's Studies. Vanities offers an oppor-
tunity to laugh at the antics of confett-
headed women. I

ncil Steps Lively

"mere" hat stunts.

i wish i had time and space to give you the
whole show. i wish i could convey to you the
magic that is a human in performance of an
art. This review just can't do Footworks
justice.

Oh sure. the show wasn’t ﬂawless. They

.tried so hard to be so many things and to
reach so many people that they never ex-
plored very deeply. And worst of all. they
tried to do it all in a single hour. But Anne
Morris. the advisor. and all the students in
Dance Council should be applauded.
Though there is no Dance Major here at
Albany. the performance 1 saw was good
enough to make me believe there was one.

it was a labor of love. i just wonder how

' long we can depend on their love of dance
to provide us with such shows as Footworks.
‘ Everything was done by Morris and the
.students. right down to the costumes. Much

‘of the work requiring long hours that could

have been spent partying. Saturday night it
l‘was demonstrated that Dance Council. and
the rest of SUNYA deserves a Dance pro-

},gram of some kind. V I \- .

 

