 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

.Wonld'CApsules V
W

CAPE CANAVERAL. Fla. (AP) Hundreds of techni-
cians at Kennedy Space Center here and two nearly
isolated astronauts in Houston were moving almost on
schedule Monday to a common, revolutionary. goal:
launch of a rocket ship able to go into orbit again and
again. The space shuttle Columbia. due to be launched.
on Friday, stood gleaming white in tire all-night batlt o1
powerful spotlights, as crews worked around tlte clock
in a precision countdown. By midafternoon Monday.
the countdown was about three hours behind schedule
due to two problems: a leaky valve in a gas line and a
short circuit in the shuttle engines. But officials believed
liftoff would handle just sttclt problems. The ntission
will mark the first flight of the first sltip developed for
multiple trips into space. The shuttles - there are to be at
least four of them - are designed to Ily about 100 tunes
each with one engine replacemertt. The astronauts who
will fly the Columbia. John Young artd Robert L‘rippcn.
were a thousand miles from the Cape at tlte .Iolrnsorr
Space Center itt Houston. doing some last tnirrute cram-
mittg for a flight already two years overdue. 'I'hey tttc
flyittg make-believe iarrrtcltcs atrd touchdowns tIr
sirrttrlators. anti studyirtg flight plarts.

CourtProtects Beliefs

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The Supreme Cottrt.
dramatically exparrdirtg ott-tlre-job religious frecdorrr.
ruled Monday that a worker who qrrits because of
religious beliefs can collect rrrtcrttployrtrcrtt compensa-
tion. By an 8-1 vote. the high court said Ilrc state of In-
diana must pay unemployment benefits to a Jehovah‘s
Witness who quit work rather tltatt Irelp manufacture
parts for military tanks. Chief Justice thttctr Ii.
Burger, writing for tire court. watrted tlte nation‘s courts
that they “should ttot undertake to dissect religious
beliefs.“ Those beliefs “need not be acceptable. logical.

 

 

['7

if CAMPUS BR'IEB

 

Parents ProteSt Cuts

The Head Start Committee of Concerned l’trrcrus is
having a letter writing campaign to protest tlte Reagan
administration budget cttts which will directly affect tlte
children attending Head Start and their families.

Tltis activity is not cxclttsitcly for Head Start parents.
but for all tltosc who feel these budget cuts are csttenrc
and therefore hattnl'ttl.

A letter writing carttpaigtt will be conducted Wednes-
day. April 8. at the Sheridan Arertne llcnd Strut.
located at 333 Sheridan Avenue itt Albany. '1 he netiriry
will bcgitt at 1:00 p.trr. and will continue urnil 7:t)tt p.ttt.
Writing materials will he provided.

SUN YA Student Cited

of the Year Award for 1981 were recently announced.
One of the 12 finalists. Albert S. Gordon, is tt SUNYA
student. ()tlter finalists represent such schools as
Georgetowrt University irt Washington. D.C.; Unircrsi-
' ty ofTennessec irt Knoxville; Ati/ontr State Utritctsily in
Tempe; atrd San Francisco State University.

The frarcrttity's Undergradttare ot' the Year Award
recognizes outstanding members of the professional
business administration fraternity for scholastic ability.
fraternity dcdicatiott atttl involvement. and character
and personality evidenced by individual conduct.

The finalists were chosen to corttpcte for the national
award whiclt carries with it membership on the tuner ni-
ry's Board of Directors. Finalists were chosen from the
fraternity’s undergraduate chapters in schools of
business at universities across the nation. The rratiotrrrl
winner will be chosen by May 1, I981.

Exchange Program Set

The Socialist Federated Republic of Yugoslavia and
SUNYA have entered a five-year agreement irtvolvirrg a
variety of programs and exchanges. SUNYA is working
on this in conjunction with the New York State Eritrea-
tion Department. and a Yugoslavian governmental
agency, FIASECTC (Department for Educational arid
Crrlrtrral Cooperation of Yugoslavia). with the coopera-
tion of the U.S. International Communications Agency"
(LJSICA). .

Malawi): lltls'itrl of the agreement is a series of exchanges

. re arts. but the program ltad exprrndcd to in-

   

 

chiortal finalists for Delta Sigma I’i's Undergraduate

r

l

consistent or comprehensible to others" to be constitu-
tionally protected. Burger said. He added that the
beliefs do riot have to be shared by all the members of a
religious sect. Sincere religious beliefs also do not lose:
their protected status “because the believer admits he rs
struggling with his position or because hts beliefs are not
articulated with the clarity and precision that a. more
sophisticated person might employ." the chief justice
said.

Haig Condemns Syrians

AMMAN. Jordan (AP) Secretary of State Alexander
M. Haig Jr. today condemned Syrian attacks on'('.hrts-
tian enclaves itt Lebanon and said “most serious con-
sequences would result’if the attacks continue. “(treat
Pressure" is building within Israel for lsraelt tntcrveln-
tion in the fighting on tltc side of the Lebanese Chris-
tians. said a member of the Haig party. whiclt flew here
from Israel on the third leg of a four-nation Middle East
tour. This senior official. who did not want to be iden-
tificd. said the fighting around the Syrian-besieged
Christian city of Zahle is the worst in Lebanon srncc
1978 and threatens to spread. “We are right on tltc
brink, in rny judgement. of a major outbreak of
hostilities," he said. Before Ilying Ircre for a meeting
with Jordan‘s King I-lusscirt. I-Iaig told'rcporters ttt
Jerusalem, "The cortseqtrctrccs of a failure ofa return to
a cease-lire are rrtost. rttost serious." He said the United
States viewed the Syrian action “as a very. very serious
Irnrt of events which is unacceptable by arty measure of
appropriate international standards of conduct."
Asked wltctlrer the Soviet Uniott might be inspiring
Syrian actions in Lebanon to divert attctttiotr front
Poland‘s labor trttrcsl and the possibility of Soviet
military intervention. Iluig said that could be part of the
answer. Bcgirt told reporters afterward the sale is “rt
very serious threat to Israel." Ilttig was asked what tltc
Israelis ntiglrt receive to compensate for it.

Pollution Rules Eased ,

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The Reagan administra-
tion today announced it is relaxing 34 auto pollrrtion artd
safety regulations as part of an aid package intended to
Itclp revive tltc nation's ailittg auto industry. Tltc

 

clttdc other areas as well. The first of many segments of
the cscltttngc program took place last ()ctohcr . SUNYA
sculptor Rieltttrd Srurtkicwie/ represented the United
Suites in the Belgrade Triennial. tr ttrujot' international
exhibition. Also irt ()ctoher. Department of Art Chair
Richard (‘ullrrct and Statttlsicwic/ lectured itt Yugoslavia
and State I€ducntiort Departmettl dcprtly cotrtttrissioncr
Robert Muttth gtrtc tr paper at the annual I-‘ttlbright
Seminar lteid itt Yugosltttizt.

'I'Itc I-"trlbrigltt Seminar will be held in Albany next
fall. with the rttuirt topic being “scl|'-rtratrrtgcmctrt." Itt
()ctober Phil. the conference will return to Yttgoslttvitt
with a focus on contrntrnieutions systems and culture.
Metrtbers of the Albany faculty irt the Department of
thctotic nttd (‘otttttnrtrictttion will participate in that

. session.

Meanwhile. art exchange of the works of graduate
students from the University at Albany and the
Acadcrtty of Fine Arts irt llcigtrtd ‘ already is underway.
The e\hibits will travel tlrr orrghotrt each other 's country.
During the Mill-Ill academic year. several Ytrgoslnr at»
lists will be itt-residcncc at the Urtitcrsity. wltile (‘ttllncr
will spend some tittre as u \isitittg scholar in Yttgoslruitt.

Negotiations are continuing for additional «changes
and e\hibitiorrs betrveett the two countries.

A Penny for your Thoughts

The Intensive English Language Program (IELP). a
program tn'grrrti/ed to teach I~irtg1ish to foreign-language
students. is lookirtg for a logo design. A $50 award will
be given to the person whose design is selected. Entries
may be submitted to Cynthia IIolIiday in El) BJS by
mail or in person. A name. address and phone ttutrrber
should be included. The deadline for entry is April 24.
All entries will become the property of the HELP.

Reagan Shoo ting Discussed

Tire attempted assassination of President Reagan
will be discussed April 9 when Donald Newrrtatr. dcrui of
the School of Criminal Justice, gives the final
"Thursday Topics" lecture of the spritrg. Newman's
talk. “Waging the thr on Crime," will begin at 12:10
p.nt. itt the ttuditoritrru of the Crrlttrral Edn 'rrtiott Center
at the Empire State Pia/a. There is no adrrtissiott charge
arid the ptrblic is welcorrte.

.“I rarely agree with Chief Justice Warren Burger."
Newman said. “but he‘s right when lte says that the
budget for combating crittte irt this “utility should be
every bit as irtrportttttt as the budget for national
defense. Crime continues to be an extremely serous pro-
blem."

Newman. a nationally known scholar hr the field of
criminology trttd correctional administration. will look
ttt government's response to criltte beginning wltlr Presi»

  
  
  
 
  

in: ‘1!

, 'réhulamry changes would save the industry nearly $1.4

billion over the next five years and save consumers $9.3
billion, lhe'adminlstration estimated. Government of.
details said the rules changes, combined with help con.
talned in President Reagan’s economic program. are in-
tended to restore domestiejobs, sales, productivity and
the industry's financial health. The major component in
the package involves changes in regulations by the En»
vironmcntal Protection Agency and the National
Highway notices of their plans to rescind. revise or re.
propose the 34 regulations - 18 of tltent EPA rules and
16 by NHTSA. Today‘sactions represent a shift away
from more than a decade of increasing auto regulation
sparked by Ralph Nader and other consumer advocates
critical of automobile safety and impact on the environ-
rncnt.

Chair Proposes More Cuts

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) The chairman of tire
House Budget Committee today proposed larger budget
cuts than President Reagan has asked for I982: enough
for social programs. The cotnrttittce chairman. Rep,
James R. Jortes. D-Okla.. also said Reagan's tax redue.
tion proposal would cut too deeply into federal
rcvenrtes. Jones said itt unveiling his alternatives Itr
Reagan's proposals that lie wants to “improve on“ the
administration's recommendations. The Budget (‘orrr
rtrittee begins considering the Reagan plan later totitty.
Jones would restore money for several domestic pro-
grams Reagan wants to cut. including:

- A total of $650 million for food stamps; overall, $3.7
billion rttore titan Reagan requested for" art array of
welfare programs.

- A number of community artd regional tlt.‘\'t.‘lt)ptltetrt
programs; overall a $150 tttilliort increase from the
Reagan program.

- Various education artd employment training programs;
a $2.8 billiott increase front the administration recom-

 

ttrcrrdatiotrs.

- A total of $650 tttilliorr more for health programs.

ltt defense spending. the presidcrtt asked for Sititlk
billiott. bill the cortttttittcc said actual defettsc spending
would come to $194.1 billion under his plan. Jones [)ltlv
poses spending $189.7 billiort for defense. a $4.3 billion
cut from the adrttirtistratiort request.

dent Johnson's “War on Crime" and including the ad- W
rnirtistratiotrs of Nixon. Ford. Carter. and Reagan.
Newrrtan. who came to the university in 1967 frortt the
University of Wiscortsin-Madison, rccctttly had art
essay. “No. Don‘t Abolish Parole." prrblislrcd on the
op»ed page in The New York Times.

"Thursday Topics“ is sponsored by SUNYA and the
State Museum. -

African Seminar Set

The SUNY Chancellor's Cornrrrittec on Afro.
American Studies artd the SUNYA Department or
Al't'ican-Aft‘o-Atttcricztrt Studies are sponsoring a series
on “Maximizing the Impact of Tcaclrirtg and Research
itr African»Afto~Atrteticatt Studies: Focus on Africa"
ttrtder the aegis of SUNY's Conversations irt the
Disciplines.

Cortyersation No. 9 will be held this Friday. April It)
at 7:31)p.ttt. irt LC 3. Irrcltrdcd in this program are the
SUNY Bt'ockpot't dartec group. the Agororntt; Assistant
Dettrr l‘ot' Studctrt Affairs Dr. .I. ’aul Ward who will
speak on “Art Overview of the Forcigtt-Iiducrtted Af
fairs and their Role irt Political I)evc|oprnent;“ tllltl
Visiting Associate Professor Dr. Keith Henry who will
speak on "The Prominence of West Indians irt the Pan-
African Movement up to the hrlid-Twcntictlt t'etttttr)?
Art I;'\nmination of its Causes."

Bless the Sun

A short set vice itr commemoration of Ilitkrtt
littClrtttttnlt (Blessing of the Sun). which occur \ crcti' 3“
years as the srrrt returns to the position it was placed itt
on tile fourth day of creation. will be conducted by
trtetrrbers and suportets of a new national progressire
Jewish orgnni/tttion. the New Jewish Agerrdn.

Tltc Agenda group views this ctctrt irt relation to the
pt'oblcrtrs of energy and otltct ecological concerns. and
call for tlte ertding of all forrrrs of nuclear energy artd for
the use attd development of safe. renewable forrns ol
power. such as solar.

The ceremony will be held on tltc steps of the State
Museum at the Empire Sttttc Pia/a this Wedttesdtt)‘.
April 8, at 12:30 pm.

For further inl'orrtration on Agenda. please contact
Paul (it'eerrbet'g at 439-5870.

Correction

The caption to the ASP (At-3.81) ttt'tiL‘Ic “New SA his»
ccrrtive Brunch Position Established" is incorrect. SA
Vice President Brian Levy fully supports the new post—

 

 

 

 

tion. ;

 

gm 7, 19st

 

Albany Student Press

Call-In to Corning is Staged

 

Tenants Angry OverHousing Costs

by Julienne Bostlc

United Tenants of Albany is en-
couraging a telephone call-in to
Mayor Coming to express
dissatisfaction with the rising cost
of housing.

Roger Markoics of United
Tenants of Albany said his
organization is pressuring the
mayor for legislation which would
enable localities to set up rent con»
trol systems.

The state will not pass such a bill
if the locality does not request it.
Mayor Corning has not yet ntade
this request.

Markoics said the call-in will con-

tinue until the rent control legisla-
tion is passed. "A constant effort
for one day is not enough," he said.
"We want to pin Mayor Corning
down on this."

Senator Howard Nolan and
Assembly Housing Chairman Pete
Grannis will be handling legislation
for rent control. Markoics said. The
Emergency Tenant Protection Act
(ETPA) provides guidelines to set
the level of rent increases for an
area. It would categorize buildings
according to such standards as age.
size. with or without treat-included
itt the rcrtt. and others.

Tltc rent increase allowances

Sexual Preference

LOS ANGELES. (.‘rtllf. (CPS) A
branch of the US. Arttty that
recruits law students at the Univer-
sity of California-Los Attgcles ltas
ntoved off camptts itt order to
“avoid confrontation" with univer-
sity prohibitions against
discriminating against homosex-
uals.

U.S. Arntcd Forces policy is “to
refuse to induct individuals with
homosexual tendencies." says
Capt. Thomas Warren. recruiter
for the Army‘s Judicial Advocates
General Corps. But university
policy implerttcrtted last June bar's
groups that discrirnirtate against gay
students front all ttirtc University of
California campuses.

Warren secs tltc move off campus
as “temporary.” until “the isstrc is
settled."

The incident was only the latest in
a recent series of controversies cott-
eernirtg tltc presence of hotlt
rttilitary interests artd gay groups on
campuses arorttrd the country. ——

At the University'of Marylattd
last week. for example, a student
government committee decided to
cttt the budget of the campus
Women's Certtcr by 41 percettt
"because some of the merttbers are
lesbians," according to Jayne
Seebach, a committee member.

Seebaelt told the conttttittee
meeting she supported the cttt

because other Maryland women

Jane Fonda and Kris Kristofi‘crson met with the press at the Legislative 0

promote their upcoming movie Rollover. which Is being filtttcd Mottdtty

Pillltl and Wednesday through Friday at the SUNYA campus. The

and money.

would be based on yehrly inﬂation
rates of fuel and maintenance. In
this way. a heated apartment could
receive greater rent increases than
one -for which the tenant paid for
his own utilities.

This legislation would call for a
rent increase of seven percent this
year. which would serve as a ceiling.
Markoics said that “since everyone
will be affected eventually (by rent
hikes), it is better to have an
automatic seven percent titan an ar-
bitrary 90 percent."

The telephone call-in, according
to Markoics. is working. “Corning

Iris listening. He understattds that
60 percent of Albany are tenants."
, he said.

Policy Causes Army to Move

“are leery about going to tltc
women's center because of the les-
bians."

Shortly before
committee rrtet, a Wasltingtott.
D.C. court found Georgetoth
University guilty of violating a city
law prohibiting discrimination
against gays.

Georgetown has refused to
recognize gay students as a student
grottp because homosexuality is
cortdernrred by Catholic doctrine.
Georgetown is a Jesuit university.

The University of San Francisco.
another Catholic school. also
recently refttsed to host a con-
ference of women's studies teachers
because some of the teachers were

tltc Maryland

     

  

ffiee Building (LOB) yesterday to
and Tuesday trt the Empire State

filrtt. Fonda said. is a thriller about love

iphllllhl Altttr (‘rtlrttr

IELP Teaches Foreigners English

by Kathy Klssarre

Tttcked away in a basement of-
I'icc in the Education Building are a
small group of women. Many do
not know they are down there. or
that they spend their days teaching
English to foreign-language speak-
ing students as part of the Intensive
English Langtrage Program (IELP).
' This program is not included irt
the rutdergraduate bulletin, nor itt
the schedule of classes. Students
who participate irt this do not
receive aeadetnic credit. Rather. it is
a SUNYA afﬁliate program opcrt to
non-native speakers of English who
want to study English intensively.

The 29 stttdertts currently irt the
IELP study English six hours a day.
five days a week. They represent
nine different eottntries — China.

 

Saudi Aralfttt. Japan. Venezuela.
Korea. Greece. Kuwait, Tttrkcy and
the Ivory Cottst. Many of the
students intend to later pttrsuc
various graduate and under-
graduate prograrns. Others just
worn to learn English to enable
them to function cortrfortably irt the
United States.

According to IELP Associate
Director Cynthia Hollidav. the
studetrts go on many field trtps
where they crrtt learn to rttakc use of
the language itt tr practical way.
Language learners are often
isolated in the classroom. Holliduy
said. and are not taugltt ltow to use
the language itr real situations. such
as scheduling a doctor's appoint-
nrerrt or hrrylrtg tilifllln ticket.

to the past. tltc students Itnvc

visited eorntrtunity agencies.
hospitals, businesses. attd schools;
they have also gone to see Albany
Mayor Erastus Corning and
theatrical productions such as
“Mumtttenschunz” this past
weekend at tltc Palace Theatre.

The interests and buckgrourtds of
the IELP students are as diverse as
their needs. said Holliday. This
semester. she said. “we ltave
students of pttbllc affrtirs. jour-
ttalisnt. cotnprrter science, business.
music and engineering. Attd, of
course. tlterc are cttlturttl dif-
ferences."

The cultural differences are often
the rttost irtterestittg. she said. but
cart be difficult to work with.
Because of ctrltttrai differences. the
students' learning styles differ, and

  

 
  

 

lPtrge Three

 

 

phtlitl: Will Venn-rt

 

lesbians.

But the UCLA incident managed
to incorporate not only elements of
the growing national discussiort
about the place of guys on campus.
but the even louder controversy
about allowing the ntilitary on carn-
pus.

The issue, once one of the hottest
during the height of the Vietttant
war, was almost dornrant until the
start of the 1980-81 academic year.

Indeed, UCLA was the fourth
college in the last three tnontlts to
kick a brartclt of the military off
campus.

Since December. Washington.
Yale and Wayne State have taken

,aetion to keep or cxpell military

Shelter is'ITDésttfoyed 

by Sue Smith

A Troy shelter for buttered wives
artd abused children was destroyed
by a fire lttte last rtrotttlt.

Tltc entire second floor of the
Dorothy Day Shelter wrts destroyed
irt the fire, according to staff
tnctttber Carol Langey. “Smoke
and flatrtc damage left all the fur-
trittrre and clothing futile." she add-
ed.

Tltc sevcn residents who were irt
the shelter at the time of the fire,
she said. escaped without injury.

Langey said firctnen ltave not
determined the cause of tltc fire.

The Department of Social Ser-
vices. which funds tltc shelter. has
placed tltc residents irt hotels.
Dorothy Day staff members are
currently scekittg tr permanent

r
Female SUNYA Student v
Mugged Near Indian Quad .

rby Mindy Sufdhr

dollars.

 

tlterc are certairt topics which are
not discussed otrt of deference to
strong beliefs or cultrrrttl trrboos.
One ttttrjor goal of the IELP is
the sharing of such cultural infor-
rtttttlort. rtot only among the par-
ticipants. but with members of the
corntntrrrlty as well. site said. Facul-

‘Albam Mayor Ems us Corning
He haryel to request rent control legislation.

A female SUNYA student was rrtuggcd while walking on the road-
way south of lndirttt Quad at 1:00 u.m. Friday, according to Assistant
Director of Public Safety. John Ileniglntrt.

The assailant brought the victim. who was rtot iderttified. to a near-
by woodcd area and forced her to sit down.

According to Hertiglrart. tlra assailant “did not ntake arty sexual
moves," btrt told rtcr that lie ltad a kttifc. He escaped with eight

The victitrr could ttot accurately describe her assailant. bttt said ltc
.vas a white rtttrle of average height. about 20 ycrtrs old. J

groups frotn their campuses.
New York University and Colum-
bin did the saute thing earlier.

Similarly. there have been large
student protests against defense
contractors recruiting at the univer-
sities of Massachusetts and Col-
orado. Since the beginning of the
year, recruiters from the US. Cert-
tral lrttelligcncc Agency have gotten
nostile welcomes from students at
Terttplc attd the University of
Rochester. Two anti-CIA protesters
were arrested at the University of
Oregon during the visit of former
Iranian hostage Victor Tomsetlr.
whom the protesters claimed was a
CiA agent. “

 

residence are engaged in fundrais»
irtg activities to replace damaged
items.

The shelter. which was rerttcd
from a private owttcr. employs
eight staff members and has Itonscd
‘500 residents since its opening itt
October 1979.

“We use the court systcttt exten-
sively.“ Larrgey said. “We help the
women get an “order of protectron’
so their husbands cart no longer
harass them."

The location of the shelter was .
kept secret to assure battered wives 1
safety from abusive husbands who _
may seek them out.

The Dorothy Day sltcltcr is one
of seven programs of the 7amin itr
Crrsts Program. which is part of the
Utrin House program.

1

 

ty members and students are fre.
qncntly invited to speak to the
classes. This provides participants
with information particular to
American society artd gives I
Americans a chattcc to lcttrn about

ltlrc students' native countries, said

Hollidrty.

 

 

