 

"razﬁr \‘ j

v
.
i

 
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
  

 

    
    
    
   
 
        
         
           
        
          
        
        
      
    
        
      
 
 
      
        
       
        
 
    
       
     
 
    
  
 

 

x.~._..

 

“.4 ,-V‘—.W..c

 

.ll
.,...s-‘...Ai.... ....-. ....-..... . ..- . .. m.

"a lav—«.1 - ru~~|mv vii .weqm—w - aw

\\

 

' / ...,. w... mt.--" .
brow-wove mamow- r ‘ MarCh 24'
' Aspect. on Tuesday/f 1931‘

,...-_...a...sa-..,-.u.mn«us-.4..-~. ,

 

/ 'l'alllln

alph Bakshi has been directing
animated movies for years. with .

varying degrees of success. His last
film. Lord of the Rings. though tedious at
times. was nonetheless an enjoyable fantasy
trip. This time Bakshi has succeeded with

Mark Muratore

American Pop. a fascinating retrospection of
Americanrpopular music's past 80 years.

American Pop surveys the music of the
20th century. ranging from vaudeville
nightclub acts to punk rock. Added bits of
documentary footage from World War l and
Anti-war demonstrations from the Vietnam
era historically footnote this film.

If American Pop was Just a cartoon show-
ing the various American musical trends. it

would be good. but Bakshi offers more. He -

skillfully weaved a plot and developed
characters of interest. The plot deals with a
family followed through four generations
Bakshi allows the audience to follow the
characters through the Jazz age up to the pre-

sent. Thus. the film is interesting beyond its
music and animation. ‘ .

American Pop' begins slowly in a run-
down nightclub around 1900. The manager
'hires a young boy to hand out leaflets to
passersby. They soon become close friends.
When the boy's parents are killed in WWI.
the man takes care of the boy until he
reaches adulthood. marries. and fathers a
son. The son grows up and becomes a jazz
musician, and so on. until the last generation
son becomes a rock 'n' roll star.

This is a carefully crafted cartoon. The
visual style constantly changes as the film
progresses. As the music becomes more
vibrant and exciting. so does the images on
the screen. Bakshi also paces the film well.
He allows the audience to see as well as hear
the changes in' America's popular culture.

Although the first half is slowly paced; the
contrasts of the changing times are in-
teresting. American Pop moves as steadily as
a cruise-controlled car until — Zapl — the
free loving. pill popping. mindblowing ‘60'5.

,LSD. acid rock and the Vietnam War

“Bout. Flv

Wilhelm
Byrne And Eno

Z few years ago. the thought of so- has certainly been anything but formulaic or

called “art-rock" artists Brian Eno trite. collaboratltig as he ltas with other artists
and David Byrne playing black (like the Heads). arid producing a diverse

funk music seemed unlikely. but not collection of relatively conventional (but
preposterous. True. Eno's solo work and brilliant) rock albums. alongside experimen-
Byrne's Talking Heads (especially with Eno tal albums of “ambiant” trance—like music.

The latter in particular have been noted for
their unnerving understatement.

Jim Jatfe
Most importantly. Eno's “popular”

ozzd‘zcing/aousbomunm' \n the past have albums. as well as the Heads' Work. have
. on out: \ovel. toward the always been structured un dew-u. choppy

"progressive" electronic rock tdlorn w a rhythms. suggesting a funk of sorts ((u
seemingly polar opposite of black funk. But might say they put the backbeat into elf'c-
there were some important distinctions that ironic rock). But Whch the lultli was
separated their music frotn the other pro- ptuvtously implied ori|y\ln the grooves it is
ponents of this musical genre. now statud outright. Willi their new ai-

hllmtnatud were the formulaic-ti hm... ptoach. liytnc and Eno have translotmf-d
nertsms and obnoxious pretensions tltat nor- the style of their rhythmic attack from arty
mally characterise "progressive" rock. Eno New York minimalism Io funky African

__ .

OH The Hark

@ 0 you remember how tout itig companies used to come to your elementary school

 

and put on plays in your auditorium about life lIl Colonial times. or about
Abraham Lincoln as a boy? And do you remember how thrilled you were to see
those kinds of plays because it meant there Would be no class until after recess? Well
Twain's Folly. which served a one tiiglit stltit at the SUNYA'Performlng Arts Center this
3:321:14! rﬁmltided me very much of those plays. Except that l dldti't get to miss any
The play is set in a small toWn oti the Mississippi River iti the 1870's. Four men and 1
youngster meet at dockside while waiting for a boat. in order to pass the time the rink '
wager on who cart tell the most outlandish tale. I y t e a
u What follows is an enactment of stories selected frotn the Works of Mark Twain includi
The Coffin Confusion." “The Celebrated Jumping Frog." and “The Blue Jay Yarn " n9
' By the time the play ends. you half expect some principal to stand up and tell '
quietly follow your teacher back to your classroom lti single file. you '0

Now don't get me wrong: i don't think a play about the Works of Mark Twain nccessarll

has to remind me of something i saw years ago at Martha Lawrence Grade School Wl'asf
made Twain's Folly so hard to hear was Its overwhelming cuteness. All of the characters ltl it
were so damned cute. There was a crazy old guy who slapped mosquitoes and said "huh
heh. heh." all the time, and there was a young kid (played by a woman) who rln rl
stupidly throughout. and there was another guy who kept blabbing about how mushy“:-
Joytfed "conversation." and still another guy who kept imitating the mannerisms of Jack Bbtl-

, .

:tyut‘: lrJCra‘;Lr;::lf'a(tl'11oni. and one last guy who cuter fired his marvelously rustic rifle
Now. imagine this contingent of cute characters telling their tall tales ltt really slt'kutilt r

cute ways. 1 nearly overdosed on cute. Granted. Twain's stories are lnltcru'ntly kind of ‘ ‘fl'y
but they're also cynical and sarcastic. 1 don't think they could have endured so long thtlli l‘
weren't. Twain's Folly chose to ignore the misnnthropic side of Twain. anti gave us LIy
"Cute." The resulgwas a tolerable evening of theater. bttt certainly not an t'tilitjlitt'nintj «(:qu

The play was produced and performed by the Chamber Repertory Theater of llostt

ilttd was brought to the Albany stage by ‘l‘htentcr Council. an SA funded group In ll”;

uture. [ hope Theater Council chooses to fund gilL'Hl shows that will be of "Rift! interest fL

the University community. They certainly cncd with this one  attendance was rcniarkabln

ow. lit a way. this was a blessing. since fewer people wurc forced to endure it. But lll lW‘ V

think 'l'huatcr Council could have given Hit a lot butter. 1 I "y.
.

 

 

/ primitivism.

 

-Mr. Bruce w, pox
' J

0
‘

. due to time limitations. An example of this is

when the image of Grace Slick Changes

/ quickly to Janis Joplin. Joplin sings

"Summertime." an old tune by George Ger

shwin. and in the next scene is carried min
an ambulance after her death.

Moving toward the '80'5. the wild
uninhibited lifestyles of punk rock are pm
trayed. with songs by Lou Reed and The Set
Pistols to keep the beat moving. Incidentally.
The Sex Pistols' “Pretty Vacant" was the on-
ly British song in the movie.

At this point. a fourth generation son is
trying. to break into the r0ck Scene He gt...
his chance and plays Bob sugar. "Mg,"
Moves" and becomes a big Star The 5....9 ,5
connected to the character and leads to the
climax of the film. a rock concert

Ralph Bakshi is certainly a leading tint-not
of animated features. No one has been as in

novative in this field in the last five years He
took on a massive challenge ﬂ representing
80 years of American music til (it) iiiltttilcy
and produced an entertaining. annning and
visually spectacular film. .

   
  
  

./_

“In American Pop.
we no u well u
hear the change-
In America'-
popullr culture."

changed many lifestyles in this decade. Ar-
tists such as The Jefferson Airplane. Jimi
Hendrix and Janis Joplin are portrayed in
this portion of the cartoon.

Blzzare. psychedelic images flood the
screen as you view one of the characters on
an acid trip. Bakshi captures the aura of the
‘60's through sight and sound.

Many rock stars are depicted in American
Pop. but some images had to be compressed

Remain In Light

edited iti just the right places on "lltrlir lllt'
Last year's lncantatory Remain In Lightln- Somebody." so that he 'ifillllils llltt' Win
troduced the funky Talking Heads sort of gospelrpop rapper
(significantly. that album could have more For atiybody wondering what'sllama-mitt
accurately been credited to Brian Eno and iii Lebanon these daysthere isltiinyaYtnrt.
David Byrne with the Talking Heads). but it a “Lebanese mountain singer" \vltow Isi'll'
was iti actualltyafollow-up to an earlier pro- suous moan of a voice is so llllill Il Jun.
ject. Byrtie and Eno had already completed mers.
a collaborative effort called My Life in the There a're some rather cryptit initial-um.
Bush o! Ghosts that —— as its recent and long- well. The "smooth politician" on my on
.ovurduc release reveals — provided the “Men Culpa" repeatedly apolttgi/ittgiltat"
framework for Rernaiti's musical direction. made a mistake. I commited a ﬁllt '
Bush of Ghosts. like Remain. is musically forgIVe me. I‘ll never do it again“ ill «to
bum 0” dam“ Alllcle'l‘ Thylllms- TltUrL’ Spcnl against an ominous. inn-ow litii't

 

are few chord changes in this music — firiny but quite eerie. Lila-tuna on ‘liw
rather. a repetitively funky beat with guitars. Jezebel Spirit." where an “unitluniitiwl wt
synthesiters. and a truckload of percussion clst" does his thing on some poor IrHMI
instruments. all spinning and weaving possessed by art evil spirit ‘l otttt‘ "J"

        

around on another. ios innovative Jezebel. come out destruction 'Itilil’

    

technique of "treating" the instruments grief . . . Jezebel you have no right ittlli’l
(I‘alierltig their sound by filtering them ~— her husband  the head of hot house"
tirtlrugh a synthesizer) lsfamlllar, as is an ac. And [he uunldummcd mm” WMWN- “n
casonal Heads-like rhythm guitar. The "Come With Us" makes a Worthy t'ltntn ftti
mus'c moves In SEdUC'Ne' We" haunllng Spooks and critter spirits of tho Myriad Willi
[hy'hm'c webs' bu' wm‘ 3” “‘9 abmslvely his crackling Whispers of “Clinic wtthtn ill
rcfiugh edges IE“ "" '3'“) hr“ alWays been an the truth."
39:52:)m:::::lc!l:mmu:it:. going back a, Some of the voices are ttttititi-llttriltlt' in
Bush o! '6’! it" Jorg'na Row M'mcv American ears —‘ like Samira It-wfilt. it"
because of a lcgdlhrlisygu‘TZSZVe‘fﬂ: helli llp “Egypuan po'mf.” Singer” Whnwumlﬂ'mur
"voice" that the artists Wanted to usablotflfl:  d?" use A'g“""",.'.",”"'l',". 
album. These voice-overs accout ti u m”  u' "w "W" 5 " "m, .' "V" 
ill“ malor diferences b. ‘ or one of for the imagination to ponder lln' sitlill‘
Ghosts and Remain in t “Tween Bush 01 do not build to the uttmat-nt» giants that it!"
Ber and En” have‘ddi‘ malnlln Light reached. mainly llt‘i'itil‘tt' fft’4I
merits. clttttlts and ‘lllllt‘ m. ISp?ken Um" main 5 songs grew in impact tlitonitll ""“'
murccs m m~usny kn": V0315 torn other overdubbing 'l‘ln‘y arr- llt’Vi'llltt‘lt'ss t'itlll'
recordings —» and hﬂvu q “ti in, and “'h‘" lWlllHit and ilfft't‘tlng. ‘i'hu alhiitn on t m ldi
m “Mr “w . . H .ynt thl/cd them ln- out as it initially sounds; the liltl‘tlt i-. ltttiiill'
.md “ , " "“"‘l‘-~ “to result is n colorful city
lmptszlle'27::th "(ﬁzzds' 'n'ﬂgcs' “"‘l One can't llt'lp Wlillllt'llitll
other itvvl' -| '1' ﬁrm """ manly l‘L'CUmL' til Thi- Talking (It'.|tl‘.. itlll' of llll’
'l'lnt' vr till“. y “.l"""’w" ’W‘Wltlﬁ. world's finest bands. Now» that l Ironiuha-aisi
lilt’ilitltlft!:l‘fifl;vlfl"lltfi‘7lf'lgl" hi)“, be“) m“ Tm“ wuylmnllh '5 mum" " WI“ "Hm" Hl
actually Wtilltt'tl withr Iii ilk/Tu and tn" "“" “V” Bvrnu may not n-nnn, .ttttv. lIlllt' it’ll"
phlmum mun” Andllll . use unusual pen~ for the hppt! of tln-tt t‘tlllt'ilth‘ ttrtnn- lint
cast lndccd bt'ttlnnint KIT. hqllnu a (“W'T‘l “n'y "n". W'“ """ """' ""l"""""" 1" WM
""“U'M'” thrill» ittn'il'wi'vlnm |".'""c""""" ""PPUHS. My trip tn the limit ototw-Irtli
"America is Wtilllllll-flil a ITR'H‘: “Llama mm mm“ H” "chlw‘lmum “WW Hm' I “H |"ht 
50” “r mmlhm'” . ..age of some Vtiyt’ligu thmlngh tht- tljttlt'l It'tlt ln--. itllltlilillltl 
' t - - ' "WEN? w tn'ttugh lli' llii/‘tlt'tlllll'v t ‘-
Wlllilli‘dnclllﬁlllttl't'llillffuligl‘zl‘llillluf:lllmul M('."""' fllmsnt. Anti. tltt't'u Ht'i‘lit‘t no lltttli to tlw
’ pm‘chlnii lﬁ potentials of their ft'llllt' tttiaginatton'»

what's lH

 

""‘-'~mnw.~.

i IMirch ‘24. 1981

 

.-.......i_~..s...-..:.

 
  

 

 

 

 

How To Pack A

n Friday night. Jorma Kaukonen
brought his considerable guitar
playing talents to the Campus
Center Ballroom. and left with the audience
crying for a third encore. The concert. which
was sold out. was an enjoyable one. despite

Charles 'Perillo

the fact that it was almost unbearably hot in
the “people packed" ballroom and condi-
tions were generally uncomfortable.
However. almost everyone remained to hear
Jorma's last blistering notes. four and one
half hours after the doors opened. V
After a wait of ntore than an hour. Jorma
finally walked oti stage. opening with an
acoustic set which lasted about an hour. Jor-
tna's acoustic guitar Work is his forte and his
fans Were delighted when he struck the first
notes of “Keep Your Lamps Trimmed And
Burning." He followed that with "Hesltation
Blues." a Jorma classic. and the tnood was
established for the rest of the sci as be
displayed his mastery of guitar. Jorma tend-
ed to play his better kitowti songs on this
night and bright spots included such tunes as
“Third Week iii the Chelsea" and "Genesis."
He sec-tried to have trouble with “Been So
Long." a song whose ordinarily beautiful
chords were sometimes muddled. but he

JOJMLBLGQD

 

ohnny Winter. one of the world's

premier guitarists. brought his uni—

que style of predbminatitly 50's
and 60's rock and blues to SRO J.B. Scott's
crowd Saturday. March 7th. The seventy
minute set included severalWinterstandards.
and sortie very pleasant surprises.

Ellis Albright

The audience. waiting over four hours.
exploded as Winter. Jolt Paris. and Richard
Hughes walked on stage shortly altct mid:
night and launched into "I lklt-away." their
standard opener. Tln: show would be hot.
i of tin.. surprises in store

 

but we had no idu.
for us. Going back to l‘Jh'}. Johnny banged
on some classic rot lt'ii't'oll a la "Bottisy
Moronic." Rucortlt'tl by artisits from Ritchie
Valens to Joliti Lennon. Winter recorded it
on Saints and Hfiitt('ts(l'l7’l). and also on
his second live album. (Iopiurcd l_iue(l‘)7t)).
a few suconrls to acknowledge
response.

Pansitig only
the overwhelming audience
Johnny introduced “No Time to Live." by
Steve Wiitwootl and Jltn Capaldl. frotn the
And album (l‘)7(l). the first surprise of the
evening. l'lls superb vocals brought me back
over a decade ago to the And days. Next
was a blues shuffle of li’alsitt‘ Coin (WHO).
“Mother—lti-Law Blues." which featured Jon
l’aris ably playing bass as well as Mississippi
saxophone. North of the Masmr-Dixon litre.
r to this lnsttumcnt as a harp. Johnny
then brought lllL‘ house down as ho stretched
out on a solo during "Sitatigur." off Joltrt
Dutitson Winter fll (W70). thcl only Winter
original of the night. Answering the au-
dlt-ncc's request. a seldom performed "Rock
atid Roll llttocltie Koo" by Rick l)t'il'llit_lt‘l.
was done pirrfct'tly as Johnny slowud it
down. and ilnzti built the energy lt‘Vt'l tip
again tililll all ln'll lil'ftlfi' loose dining lin-
Jolnniy brought out his
Wlillt’ (illtson l‘rtr'bnil. mud t'xi'lusivt'ly lot
ﬁllilt‘. -.at down till his ultitrl. arnl playt'd tln-
lndtust mint of the show. \tVilllt‘ Dixon".
With “ltwl lftttt‘it'i ” Alli‘l lngliltttlittttg his
‘thIllflil i'lttll tlittnnt tln- ttlllltt‘J lt'li lltllllllt‘ Wt
ml iltat Johnny in tln‘ top
l'ln' tilliltt'ltit’

we refc

crashing climax.

slim. no trtn' tlottbi
ulnlt' guitar lilti‘rt‘l tlittilliil
\k’i’lll wild for iln' lani llltt‘l' ‘wlilitl‘i. all l'ltIH'tl
[tlt'rt‘tt'iu ()n iln' I'llttlliit ot t ~lntt'k lii'tty's an

tl ittll. I'tlltltillii) ll (lillltll',l‘
‘il in Willlt’i as they sang.
" Tlutn'tl tni cvcii
lt'l and litilili’l as
light /\n incretli

iljt'iti of lot li att
i'Vi'li/t,‘vllt‘ |Iitl|lli
"go, no .lolnnit/ go. go
lllitii‘. tlnI lratnl llltl‘lt'il halt
the t'ltthl llt'tilllt‘ll wltlr tlt'

   
   

closed strongly with the old Jeffersbn
Airplane numbers “Trial by Fire" and
"Embryonic Journey." an outstanding in-
strumental with intricate finger-picking. from
Surrealisttc Pillow.

Jorma built his reputation as an outstan-
ding acoustic guitar player while working
California blues clubs in the early sixties. He
and Janis Joplin started working the Bay
Area as an act and it was then that he switch-
ed to electric guitar because Joplin'style was
too overpowering for acoustic guitar. He
later Joined the Jefferson Airplane as lead
guitarist. when the group was formed‘in
1965. His searing electric guitar won him
more fans as he was one of the most original
guitarists around. Although his fine acoustic
playing would occasionally turn up in some
Airplane material. his work was mainly elec-
tric. '

Unhappy over the small arnoutit of his
material the .Alrplane was doing. he started
Hot Tuna as a side-line project with bassist"
and fellow-Airplane member Jack C'asady.
Eventually. Hot Tuna became their full-time
band which explored the blues that were a
large influence in all of Jorma's music. and
mammoth jam sessions during concerts were
the rule. Jorma's acoustic Work re—emerged
with Hot Tuna and culminated with his first
solo album entitled. simply. Jornta. This

All-lot Win

ble version of "Jumpin' Jack Flash." his best
knoth cover. closed the showJ’layltig only
an hour. we got Johnny back out for one on-
core. Bobby and Shirley Womack's “lt's All
Over Now."

The absence of Bobby “T” Torello.
Johnny's drummer of four years. was the
evening's only disappointment. His replace-
ment. Richard Hughes. who hasn't played
with Winter since 1976. just didn't have the
chops to push fhls three-man band.

1 ﬂ.
Photo: Stave Poul

Born February 23. 1944. Johnny grew up
in Beaumont. Texas when rock ‘n' roll was iti
its heyday. “l was raised on rock. got that
rhythm in my soul. l was born to love the
beat of a thing called rock ‘n' roll."(l:rom
“Raised on Rock." 1976).

Johnny and his younger brother Edgar.
started singing and playing ukulelth at age
ten. Everly Brothers style. They played at
birthdays. church Socials. school dances.
and anywhere people Would let them. Tom's
f‘lslifitll‘p was the first club they ever in)-
but weren't allowed to keep the

peanut iii.
(Ittli‘n! their

money (eight dollars per ltiiiii) be
father didn't think they were good enough

    

 

album was excellently produced and
displayed his talents at their best.

After Tuna‘s break-up Jorma started
working with several other musicians in a
band called White Gland. After several per-
sonnel changes. Jorma emerged with a new

Photo: Mull Hon-did
batid called Vital Parts. Their debut album.
entitled Barbecue King. was Just released in
January. This band included Denny
DeGorlo on bass and John Stench on
drutns.

When Jorma catne back onstage for the
electric set. though. there were new vital
parts. Jortna itttroduced the new bassist and
drummer but I was unable to make out what
he was saying. This set opened strongly Wlllt
"Walkln' Blues." "Roads & Roads 81.." and a

' Ballroom .

 

strong electric version of "Too Long

Out/Too Long In." The set sagged toward‘"‘

the middle. mainly due to the bass player's
inability to stay with Jorma. in addition,
several songs came out musically muddled.
but Jorma's never been known for sacrificing
volume for clarity in concert. His voice was
barely audible over the screeching and whin-
ing of his guitar. Still. it was a pleasure listen-
itig to his guitar wall. The electric set closed
strongly with "Straight Ahead" and a really
rocking version of “Runnin' With the Fast
Crowd." With the crowd chanting
“JORMAl.” be obliged with two encores,
“Man For All Seasons" and “Milk Cow Blues
Boogie." botli from his new album.

Luckily it was easier to leave the ballroom
than it was to get In. The ticket collection was
poorly planned. Most of the crowd of 700
had gathered by the time tickets were col-
lected. arid since it was general admission.
triatiy tried to push their way to the front of
the line. This created a sardine can effect. 1
know of several girls who were literally mov-
ed off the groutid and carried away with the
crowd. Thankfully no one was really hurt.

Finally. hats off to members of the au—
dience Wlto. once inside the ballroom. were
pretty considerate of others. Tempers re-
mained cool. though the ballroom and Jor-
mti were pretty hot. 0

r’s light

in the early 60's. their batid consisted of four
guys drivtttg a '61 Chevy pulling a U—liaul
trailer. playing mostly in the South and just
having a good time. “When you come from
Beaumont. everything is excltingl" Musicians
got no respect in the early days and were
treated Just like waitresses or busboys; bands
were at the mercy of club owners and au-
dlcrices. “We'd have bartenders that had the
l’./\. set control back there and if they
couldn't hear the people ordering their
drinks. tln-y'd just turn our mikes way down.
and being kind of a violent person. I didn't
like that very much."

Johnny's home state of Texas was where
he established himself as it legend. Stories of
this young albino who played a mean. fluid.
slicing. scuttling blues guitar Worked their
Way North via the likes of Mike Bloomfield

.t

(Who just passed away February 17th) and
BB. King. Both musicians had jammed with
Johnny etttly on: Bloomfield ltt Chicago.
and BB. in a black'club down South.

"If it weren't for Rolling Stone. i would
have never taken that trip to Texas. In search
of a name and a dream. The name was
Jolititiy Winter. And the dream was that he
Would be true." These are the Words of
Steve Paul. who "discovered" Johnny and
brought him to Nashville. where he recorded
his first record for Columbia. Johnny
Winter. and a three-sided album. Second
Winter. The rest is history.

He moved to New York arid became a
superstar. Johnny Winter And. Whlcli iti-
cluded: Rick Derringer. Randy Jo Hobbs.
and Bobby Caldwell. was one of the hottest
bands around.’l'helr legendary And Live
album recorded at the Filmore East. includes
such Winter standards as “Jumpin' Jack
Flash'.“‘MeantoWn Blues." atnl “Johnny B.
Goode." No record collection is complete
without at least one copy.

Following an extended hospitalization
resulting from heavy drug use. Johnny pro-
claimed he was Still Alive and Well. his 1973
release. Saints and Sinners. John Dawson
Winter Ill and Captured Llue, featured
Johnny at his rockitt' best. Johnny and
Edgar Winter Together (1976). recorded at
the Swing Auditorium ttt San Diego'on the
some day as Captured Llue. contains a
microcosm of their earlier Southern bar days
when mostly duos were performed. written
by such artists as Satn and Dave. The
Righteous Brothers. and Jerry Leiber and
Mike Sitiller. ‘

lll l‘)77. Johnny's jolttt efforts with Mud-
dy Waters and James Cotton resulted in two
fabulous blues albums: Hard Again and
Notltln‘ But the Blues.and the subsequent
together tour which left everybody stunned.
Mtnidy. the father of the blues arid the most
outstanding slide player of his day. let
Johnny take over atid demonstrate why he is
now klttg of the blues and slide guitar.

Wllflt‘ llot arid Blue. and Ratsln' Cain.
Johnny's last two albums. are similar lti form
to his other records. Throughout Johnny's
career. he has recorded and performed
songs by his biggest influences and idols:
Muddy Water. Chuck Berry. Sonny Boy
Williamson. Howlin' Wolf. John Lee
Hooker. Jerry Lee Lewis. Fats Domino.
Jimmy Reed. Jagger-Richard. Bob' Dylan.
and a host of other legends from the blues
and rock ‘n' roll World. '

Listening to Johnny on vinyl or in concert
is like a history lesson meandering through
the best music of the 50's. 60's. and 70's.
performed With the finesse only he is capable
of.

Johnny once commented on what
“making it" meant to film. “They come to
hear What you want to play. instead of you
coming here to work for them." That's exact—
ly what we did at J.B.‘s. and loved every
minute of it. Let the Good Times Roll!

 

 

by IDIIIIII

 

 

Ired

(gust-nut cAN‘T FALL 3' \tr
J\g.t,tt.i‘. \ tN'

 

  
 
      

Meg}

/ \ 2

 

i' m /\N  taunt‘noN'i

.t MN ll\t .
w/

 

Ul‘lUt l-L‘i l/\l\l\l ll

 

USUALLY 'i'lli‘a 'AND
k LABS l‘u'ib Mt; Nounoco
liCVlELu

 

 

 

 

 

 
     

  
    
   
 
  

7
l
r
d

 

    
 
 
 
   

   
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
     
       
  
 

