 

 

“sou-ran: $1.3...

January 30, 1985

 

ow is the time of year when we
look back at the music of the year
gone by. It isthe time of year when
music critics like to put out their list of "best"
or "worst" albums from the previous year.
While 1 don't presume to be a music critic. 1

Doug Wolf

feel that i. too. must put uown on paper my
personal list of the Ten Best Albums of 1980.
Here they are in no particular order:

-— Bruce Springsteen: The River
Springsteen is an artist who is continually try-
ing to better himself. and once again he suc-
ceeds. The River Is a masterfully produced
album in which the artist demonstrates
writing at its best, with the E Street Band pro-
viding the music. The album rocks the way
rock 'n' roll was meant to, lean and strong.
’ — SteelyDan: Gaucho
Another fine work by two unequaled
songwriters. Walter Becker and Donald
Fagen. the long awaited Gaucho is
everything it promised to be. it is a richer.
fuller album than Steely Dan's last one, A10
and is definitely as satisfying. This is not
Steely Dan at their best. but then even at
their worst, Steely Dan is head ant:I
shoulders above everybody else.

-Talklng Heads: Remain In Liglii
I really don't know what "cross-rhythms"
are, but the T-Heads apparently do, arid by
utilizing them, they've put together an amaz-

Roy B. At J.B.’s

 

ast Saturday night. Roy
Q Buchanan and his band swung into
J.B. Scott's on their way through
I\\bnny. as part of a promotional tour behind

his latest L.P. entitled M Babe.

Diarmuid Quinn

Having been a fan of Buchanan's for a few
years now. due to the exceptional quality of
sound and talent on all of his albums. 1 ex-
pected to see some top notch guitar playing
and some fine blues by the man that many
call "the Magician." Instead. however. l
found the show to be slow, uneventful. and
on the whole. quite disappointing.

Things got off to a shallow start when the
band came on well alter 11 p.rn.. opening
with the title track of the new album. (which.
by the way is a fine piece of studio work) and
proceeded to play an unemotional forty
minute set which was followed by a break
that was uncomfortably long. Perhaps the
gap in the show would have been more
tolerable if the band had returned with more

 

 

liveliness and energy. but such was not the,

An Which Wa E’s

Spinnins'l'

ing’new album. The use of orchestrated elec-
tronics gives a sound something like funk.
However, the provocative lyrics are hardly
standard funk fare. The Talking Heads are a
band not afraid to experiment, and they con-
tinue to daule.
. . .J

   
 

Sting of The Pollce: A unique
limb and a I ,r A! l L I ‘

 

—— Rolling Stones: Emotional Rescue

So the Stones are all washed up, huh? Try
telling them that. Once again. Mick Jagger &
Co. have come outwith an album that is the
essence of rock 'n' roll. and if you can
disregard Mick's singing on "Emotional
Rescue.“ is pure Stones. Keith Richards and
Ron Wood handle their instruments
superbly. and drummer Charlie Watts and
bassist Bill Wyman keep everything running
smoothly. Truly a great album; gentlemen,
take a bow!

case. The band seemed to have constant
problems with the monitor system. and the
sound mix for the night proved to be very
turbulent. Throughout the show the vocals
were so sharp and overbearing that it was
almost painful to listen. and the keyboards
never quite seemed to fall In well with
Buchanan's guitar volume.

Regardless of the mix and the break, Roy
Buchanan himself came across as being very

— Rockplle: Seconds 0] Pleasure

Why two successful solo artists would give
up their individual careers to form a band
together is the riddle here. The answer is fair-
ly obvious — to make good solid rock ‘n'
roll. and in doing this. they succeed. Billy
Bremner. Dave Edmunds,’Nick Lowe and
Terry Williams make music that brings back
memories of the early days of pop rock.

—The Police: Zenyatta Mondatta

With the release of Zenyatta Mondatta. The
Police have given us a trilogy of fine albums.
each better than the one before it. They have
taken reggae and transformed it into
something different and totally their own.
The music is crisp and punctuated by lead
singer Sting's hypnotizing bass. along with
very catchy lyrics.

—— David Bowie: Scary Monsters
After a few disappointing albums, David
Bowie is back in style with Scary Monsters.
This is Bowie at his best. with songs that
snap, crackle and pop. Good examples are
the title song and the hit “Ashes to Ashes".

— Peter Gabriel
This is the third album by Mr. Gabriel, and it
should stifle all the critics who said that he
could not make it on his own. The album is
sometimes strange. but always excellent. as
is Peter Gabriel himself. “Games Without
Frontiers" and “1 Don't Remember" are the
two songs that really catch, and the rest of
the album follows right along.

whole night was the fact that throughout the
whole performance. Buchanan only showed

off three or four innovative licks on the,

guitar. whereas his records are proof enough
that he is capable of many more.
Buchanan's band does not lack talent in
any way. but It did not seem as if they were
working very well as a unit. Bassist Gordon
Johnson has experience that includes tour-
ing with such reknowned jazz artists as the

It seems the show was meant to eitherfulfiﬂ a contrac-

tual obligation, or pick up

some quick cash.

 

unprofessional. From the opening chord of
“My Babe" to the end of the show,
Buchanan spoke no more than twenty
Words. three of which might have been
heard, and showed almost no energy.

One of the saving moments in the show
occurred when the band broke into part of
.limi Hendrix's “Foxy Lady" during a decent
rendition of “Hey Joe." Buchanan sang a
snippet of the song and for a second or two it
seemed as if the band might finally light up.
Unfortunately. that wasn't the case.

Probably the biggest disappointment of the

Brecker Brothers and Maynard Ferguson.
and has worked with many others. His ex-
pertise came thro'ugh in a few solos that were
quite remarkable. The drummer. Ron
Foster. proved to be the most enthusiastic of
the lot. and perhaps a bit too enthusiastic.
breaking one snare drum head and blasting
two tom-toms from their mounts. Paul
Jacobs on keyboards turned out to be the
highlight of the band. Also with an extensive
musical background, his playing seemed to
undermine Buchanan's at times. and his
vocals. had there been a decent mix. would

When Lynn Halsey Taylor (Sandra

' 'm starting to like the pain."is the
reason Philo Beddoe (Clint Locke) asks to sit with Philo. he quips: “it's a

Eastwood) gives for quitting th

e free country." Sure it's trite. but people say

boot-leg. bare-fist boxing circuit that forms those things all the time. And when Clyde
the plot gore of both Any Which Way You (the orangutan) shits in all those police cars.

Can and Its predecessor. Euery Which Wa
But Loose. That statement could serv

y well I know it's Juvenile humor. but let's face
e. it. it does appeal to the hostility many have

equally well for loyal Eastwood fans. and this toward those public servants. Even the very

ilm is certalnl a ver

Jack Nuthall

 

Eastwoodlsb fllm. cheap special effect visual of super-imposing

the head of Philo's aging foul-mouthed

   

 

Buddy Van Horn is billed as the director. but
the similarities to‘ Eastwaod's previous
movies point to the fact he is the guiding in-

fluence.

As one of his fans. We found 1 am indeed
starting to like the “pain'I in his films. l've
become increasingly tolerant of trashy
dialogue, shallow acting. cheap sex exploita-
tion. and adolescent hu'mor. In fact. between
you and me. I'm beginning to lopk forward

to it.

, m . -&Waua4WWr»uum

minim:an rowan»...

mother (Ruth Gordon) on the body of Bo
Derek gave me a pleasant chuckle.

If the dialogue lapses and the "shit jokes"
were the only problems. l'd rank this film up
there with Eastwood's best. But there are
other flaws too serious to dismiss. and too
grating to find plea5ure in. There's a moronic
motorcycle gang whose stupid antics were
designed to be a comic sub‘plot mirror of the
main story. but instead bring the film to a

 

    
   

he Discs Of ‘80

-— Bob Marley: Uprising
Reggae has caught on with the English new
wave bands as witnessed by the Police and
the newest release by Joe Jackson. and Bob

. Marley can take a lot of the credit for that. As.

with his other fine works. Marley writes of

the plight of the Jamaican poor and the
Rastafarian spirit. both of which are em-
bodied in the beautiful. acoustic
“Redemption Song."

—— John Lennon. Yoko Ono: Double Fan-
tasy
This album is on my list as much for sen-
timental reasons as for musical. On certain
songs, Lennon is as good as he ever was. but
as a whole. the album lacks something. But.
there will never be another John Lennon.
however. so this is my humble tribute.

Stay tuned for my list of Ten Worst . . ..

A Mixed Bag Of 'I'rielss

have been more than adequate for the
material involved.

Buchanan. aside from smoking and drink-
ing in massive quantities showed no new at-
traction. and for the most part. the show ap-
peared to be a gig that was meant for the sole
purpose of either fulfilling a contractual
obligation or picking up some quick cash.
The items that most caught my attention
were a turn sung by Johnson entitled “l Got
A New Car" (a parody of big cars in the
energy crisis), and a long jam by Johnson.
Foster. and Jacobs toward the end of the
show. where Buchanan actually walked off
stage. leaving the three others to show what
they could really do.

The show finished with a rendition of
“Green Onions." a tune that left plenty of
room for Buchanan to display his skill. But.
as he had done throughout the evening.
Buchanan coasted along on the responses of
an audience that was screaming even before
he got near the stage.

Roy Buchanan rode through Albany on
his reputation. and unfortunately. never dis-
mounted. O

screaming halt each time the tension rises.
Arid in the "Big Fight", when champion
Philo has his arm broken by his opponent —
this being the scriptwriter's pale attempt to
boost the tension —- everything becomes too
serious. The arm looks too broken and the
pain too real to ignore. The suspense over.
who will win the fight is drained off by con-
cern for Philo's health.

Yet. all in all. i like the movie. I like the
brilliant parody of humanity by the simian
Clyde. 1 like the music of Ray Charles. Fats
Domino, and Jim Stafford which was
thrown in for pure enjoyment. (Glen Camp-
bell didn't even get on my nerves as he sang
the theme). And most of all. I'm beginning to
allow myself to enjoy the “men will be men"
fist-fights. the )tggllng girls. and the cheap
jokes l always wanted to enjoy but was too
serious to let myself. it's a lesson to learn
from Clyde: Not everything is to be taken
seriously. 0

. . Martino; :: .

 

 

 

IJanuary’so, i981'

LBaiLQLIeﬁ

   

 

 

  

Sound a: um...

(

 

Page 7:.

Panning For (Hold On The Silver Screen

t hasn't been a good year for
yr movies. If you only went to the

movies once or twice, say to see
Ordinary People or The Empire Strikes
Back. you may not have noticed. But if you
went every week, and sat through dreck like
Tire island. The Formula. Saturn 3. Rough
Cut. WheriTime Run Out, Don’t Answerihe
Phone], Flash Gordon. The Blues Brothers,

Jim Dixon

and other plotless wonders. you might be as
mad as I am. '

Still, there were some good films. They
came in unexpected forms. and at some odd
times. i was grateful to get them anytime.
One thing I have to admit about 1980 —
though there weren't many good films. those
that were, werepure gold:

 

   
   

John Hurt as The Elephant Man: A
highlight of 1980.

Ordinary People. Robert Redfoid's (llruc-
torial debut turned out to be well—Worth
waiting for. and his first effort was the best
piece (if Anwrican film-making this year
Donald Sutherland. Mary Tyler Moore.
Timothy Hutton and Judd Hirsclr turned in
fine performances.

The Elephant Man. David Lynch. whose
only other film credit is Ernsé’rf'tt’ﬂd. directed
a powerful. moving and dignified account of
ilIL' lily «if John Mi-rrtck. the Elephant Man.
Excellent performances by John Hurt, Air-
thony Hopkins and John Gielgud stood out.

P_op_e1e_l39_oos_o_wt

IV

was looking forward to Papaya
y more than the other holiday

movies because it was the one that
seemed to hold the most mystery. I knew
What Seems Like Old Titties would be like
even before I walked into the theater; lllt‘
Same with Flash Gordon and The Mirror
Crack'd. Now this isn't necessarily a bad
thing, and it's fairly typical of most holiday

Mark Rossier

movies, but the fact that I had no
preconceived ideas about Popeye seemed to
make it more interesting. I knew the
character from the cartoon. of course. but
with Robert Altman directing a Jules Feiffer
screenplay there was no guarantee the
character would be the same. At the very
least 1 expected that these two brilliant and
creative minds (along with Robin Williams
and Shelley Duvall. who are no slouclres)
would come up with something interesting. I
was wrong. it's not that Popeye is a bad
movie. it's just strongly divided aird hence
rather boring.

Altman and Feiffer are obviously torn bet-
Ween a desire to make the kind of personal,
idiosyncratic film they’ve always made. and
the safer. more commercially oriented ver—
sion producer Robert Evans wanted arid
needed to make. Some films can thrive on
this kind of conflict and become stronger
because of it. but Popeye has all the depth
and complexity of a two hour cartoon. There '
Simply Isn't a strong enough framework for
everyone to do what he wants, leaving both
lhc film and the audience in a state of limbo.

The conflict In the film is evident iii a

 

 number of ways. For one thing. Popeye
 looks like an Altman

film. but the

if the script was sometimes heavy-handed.
the acting and gorgeous black and white
photography which marked the film made
up for it.

The Empire Strikes Back. With spec—
tacular special effects. really exciting action
scenes for once. and more plot twists than
Dallas. this was a sequel better than the
original. Empire was engrossing entertain-
ment too, good for kids. (For the record.
and you heard it here first, l predict that
Luke Skywalker will be subverted to the
Dark Side of the Force. Princess Leia will be
the real savior of the universe. and Lando
will be completely unimportant.)

The Stunt Mari. Overlooked by many
moviegoers. Richard Rush's quirky and ec-
centric film was one of the best pieces of in-
telligent entertainment this year. The stunt
scenes were wonderful. showing Hooper up
for the tripe it really was. arid Peter O'Toole's
bravura performance of a megalomaniac
director was. by itself. worth the price of ad-
mission.

Tlre Great Santlni. Everyone who's seen
this film liked it, but not enough saw it. Pity
too. because it was one of the best dramas iii
a long time. with Oscar-level performances
by Robert Duvall and Blythe Donner.

Dressed To Kill. You either irate Brian
Del’alma til you love him. I love him This
was a chic. campy. erotic remake of Psycho.
well~mn<lu and loads of fun Despite Angie
Dickiirson's star billing and controversial
nllflt.‘ scones (done largely with a Sliilld'lll
anyway). the real star was DePalma's Wife
Nancy Allen, who played a spunky callgii'l
who invests in stocks and modern art.

'l'ill’ Lung Ii’idi-rs. Despite an uneven
script. this retelling of the story of the James
Gang and the Youngers was very well-
directed by Walter Hill. David Carradlne. in
what was supposed to be a supporting role
as Cole Younger. was fantastic. Someone
might bring back the Western as a commer-
cially viable genre yet. if they do. I hope the
film that does it. is as good as this.

And that's the way it was. Sorry. O

opefully. 1980 as a year will not be

symbolic of the 1980‘s as a
_ decade-Not only do we have Ron
and Nan in the White House, it looks like
we re going to have little Patti Davis shoved
down our throats via TV. records. and
movies whether we like it or not. in all
fairness. however, based on Hollywood's
productions of the ast ear. we don't need

Mark Rossier

Patti Davis to destroy the film industry ——
they seem to be doing it all by themselves

l remember when making up ten-best lists
used to be fun. There was a certain pleasure
to looking back over the highs and lows of
the previous year. usually because they
weren't so clearly defined. The past few
years though. seem to have been filled with
lows and very occasional highs. 1980 is a
perfect'example. l have little conviction in
any of the films on the list. To be sure. l on
joyed all of them a good deal. but I can't see

 

 

eloquence, sensitivity. and most suprislngly.
intelligence. It's no wonder it bombed at the
box office.

Prluaie Benjamin —— a comedy that
managed to say something important and
still be funny? What more could anyone ask?
And Goldie Hawn as the star proved to be
the icing on the cake. The best out-and-out
comedy to come out of Hollywood in a good
two years.

The Shining — a bizarrely. darkly funny
horror movie that may be one of the worst
films ever made. However, because it was
directed by Stanley Kubrick. we assume the
bad parts were supposed to be bad and the
funny parts were supposed to be funny. It
may be an invalid assumption. but it certainly
led to a fun, if somewhat kinky evening.

Ordinary People — despite very strong
reservations about sexism and several
other points. this makes the list based on the
sltL'i’l' craftsmanship with which it was DUI
together. It's one of the classiest and most
tasteful projects to come out of Hollywood in

 

We don’t need Patti Davis

to destroy the ﬁlm industry

. . . They're doing it by themselves.

 

myself battling throngs of people to drifcnd
their honor This year's films are ones that
would noimally be called "interesting" rather
than great. However. there weren't even ton
"interesting" films to list --r— so this year's ten-
best list has been limited In five major choices
iliirl a (my i'airrluiii lllfilll’l f tips,

'I'lii' .S'Iitiii Mini prrrlrrrlrlv llll' bust film i if
the year. Witty. clever. intriguing and
wonderfully acted by Peter O'Toole and Bar~
barn Hershey among others. This film should
almost be disqualified because it was made
roughly five years ago with a very different
set of sensibilities. but with a list like this. we
don't' want to get the technical.

Heart Beat —— the other Sissy Spaceck
movie that came out this year, (which no
one saw). is vastly superior to Cool Mliier's
Daughter. The story of Jack Kerouac and
Neal and Caroline Cassady told with style.

quite a while. Most of the credit must be
given to Robert Redford (though one can
never tell how much help he was given by a
crew of veterans). but the performances of
Timothy Hutton, Mary Tyler Moore. and
especially Donald Sutherland can hardly lie
ignored.

As for the rest of the list. it basically con-
sists of any film that somehow managed in
not be a complete and total failure. i wasn't
especially enthusiastic about any of these
films when they first came out. but in the
long run. they seem somewhat better. it's My
Turn. Serial. Willie and Pirll. Airpionei. and
Dresser! To Kill are hardly my idea of good
film-making. t eserve nreiiiion
because they didn't star Brooke Shields or
have a pulsating. disco soundtrack. in a year
liluI 1080. that's saying a lot. 0

III But I Ain’t

characteristics that make it so are put in so
obviously it almost looks like someone direc~
ting in Altman's style. The use of the town.
peripheral characters and an
underdeveloped soundtrack are all

hallmarks of Altman's films. but they don't
seem to be present for any reason but the
fact that Altman uses them in every film. The
town of Swvvlhavun. like Presbyterian,

Church in McCabe and Mrs. Miller. is as

    

 

i

much a character as Popeye or Olive; in fact
the entire opening number (the film is a
musical. of sorts) serves to alert us that
Sweethaven as a community should be one
of our major points of interest. Unfortunate-
ly. Altman never develops the theme as he
had in previous films. There is no conflict
between the individual and the citizen
because no one is ever explored closely
enough. Nor is there any real change in the
town's attitude. True. they seem hostile to
Popeye at the start, but their "conversion" at
the end seems to be motivated by the
demands of the plot rather than any moral
stand.

 

-~-'le. secondary characters "lreleéunllke fin Ii

 

McCalir'. the Altman film this most closely blem might lie in the fact that what plot there
resembles. serve only as comedians. 5 (beyond the Popeye-Olive-Bluto love
Whereas Keith Carradinc's cowboy and the triangle) comes all at once at the end of the
lawyer had significant roles in McGuire. and film. Things go along at a leisurely pace
virtually everyone in Nashville was a secon- (perhaps a bit too leisurely) and suddenly at
dary character. the citizens of Sweetlraven the end Swee'pea is kidnapped. Popeye's
are merely amusing rustics who add color. search for his father returns as a plot ele-
but not depth. to the overall vision. mom. and the corrupt leaders of
This film. merely because of its origin. is Sweethaven are exposed and brought to
too broad for Altman's experimentation with justice. However, it'stust too much. too late.
sound to work. In his other films we could and besides. we've seen it a thousand times
only hear parts of the dialogue ~ the sound before in the cartoons. in a much shorter
was sometimes too fuzzy to get anything but length of time.
the general drift of a conversation. But it Williams and especially Duvall are quite
worked because it gave the film a quality of good, but there is little they can do beyond
being covertly observed — the audience W35 imitate the cartoon characters. Duvall. and
put in the role of eavesdropper. But here, in .1 Tagger degree, William; brings an (mm.
with characters already well known to the pected poignancy to their roles. They seeni
public. the technique is merely irritating. to be aching to give Popeye and Olive real
Popeye and Olive are “public domain." and human qualities. Unfortunately no one else
since they rarely say anything truly seems willing to let them. The rest of the cast
fascinating. it seems unlikely that we would is competent. but excepting Roberta Maxwell
feel like uninvited observers. as Mrs, Oyl, no one is very interesting. The
Feiffer's sardonic brand of wordplay is sets, by Wolf Kroeger. are truly spectacular;
hardly suited to comic strip adaptions. but he in fact. all the production credits are excep-
is able to provide the film with nrany of its tionally good. Altman has proved himself
more enjoyable moments. (However, one capable of handling a big budget. but he
can't help wondering how much of the seems more comfortable with a smaller pro-
humor comes from Williams and a cast that ject, in terms of plot If not money.
was encouraged to improvise as much as Despite my reservations. i must say that
they wished. in an American Film article. Popeye is certainly better than the Super-
Fellfer expressed a degree 0f dl5l3l¢a5ure 3‘ Mair/ Flash Gordon school of comic strip

'the Way the cast. especially Williams. were adaptions. though i still have reservations as

“playing” with his script.) There are very fun- to whether comics should be made into live
try and inventive lines, but they are hardly action features at all. Though this particular
enough to sustain the entire film. film is a failure. Altman, Felffer. and Evans

The confines of Feiifer‘s plot prevent the remain three of the most inventive minds iir
kind of dark humor that LlistinguisliL-d Cnrniii mono" Plcmms mdayv al‘d al the WW leaf-l l
Knowledge, perhaps Fetttur’s best must give them credit for making a film that
screenplay. 'listtll iilarverr't decided if tltmc's fails more interestingly than most films suc-

-too'much plot»{ or tab littlbl'vl» fliii'tk'fhelpro- CGEd- . . O

  

 

 

 

