.é‘”: "“‘-‘—‘-¢»f>.»el..u>ql'.-‘-1~‘\IA—¢v .p- u w

~ in r...»

“""~ \ a ‘

‘_;.;.;‘ ~ “I...

 

 

 

 

 

by Phil Plvnlek
Buffalo State captured the third

in the semi-finals.

Vogel. .

period ‘B‘ pill the pressure on bill
could not get airy good sliols on

early against Vogel and added an
empty-net goal to clinch the victory.
The ‘B' team, which won the cup

tournament. They defeated Oneon-
ta iI-O for their only victory. Carl
Wolfson and Mike Schwartz eaeli

Binghamton was Albany's next
opponent and the game ended in a
2-2 tie. Andy Martin scored both
goals for ‘B', one on a power-play,
the other shorthanded.

Albany ‘A' then met Albany ‘8'.

 

them at their own gantc — hustle,‘

scored ‘A's‘ other goal.

 

annual Albany State-Molson
'Challenge Cup by defeating the ‘
~Albany ‘A' team 3-2 in the cham-
pionship game. Buffalo had an
overall record of 4-0—1 in the tour-
nament and reached the ﬁnals with
a 4-1 overtime win over Albany ‘3'

Albany’s ‘B’ trailed Buffalo State
1-0 with less than two minutes re-
maining in the game when Neil
Laufer scored for Albany. “.lerry
Walsh gave me a super pass in front
and I put it in, said Laufer. “When
Laufcr scored, it was just great, it
felt like l.000 people were cheering ‘
us on," said "B" goalie Ivali ’

Vogel played well and kept ‘B' in

the game but the overtime was a dif-
ferent story. In the extra I0 niilrute

goal, while Buffalo scored twice
last year, had a l-2-l record for the '
scored two goals arid Laufer ltad a I

goal and tltrce assists in that game. ‘

Rich Westcrbern tallied two goals
[or 'A' u they won 3—1. “We beat
.

TBuffrtlo State Captures Challenge Cup Crown ‘-

  

.
in the second period. at tltc 46 se-

 

“We played them tough. bttt we
just couldn’t get the breaks" said
Wolfson who scored ‘B‘s‘ only
goal. Wolfson, who was a member
of last year's ‘B‘ squad explained
the difference between “\lh year‘s

(team and last year's learn. "’r‘tlts

said westerbcrg. Steve Robertson year we didn't have enough

shooters, btit we hustled frorti

Top Albany ‘A’ Team in Finals sear-2:;mare

3'-

bcginliitig to end," he said.

Albany 'A', 3-2 for the tourna—
merit, started off slowly, losing to
eventual champion Buffalo, 3-0.
The 'A' team looked flat, “we
weren‘t used to playing willl each
other," was the way ‘A' captain Art
Pressman described the game.

They got their act back together 3

shutting out the University of Bill'-
falo 6-0. Robertson had two goals
and all assist, and Steve Dipressi
cattle up with the shutout in goal. in
that game ‘A' ctr-captain Scott
Segal suffered an elbow injury that
sidelined liilli for the rest of the
tournament.

“That was the game that we came
together as a team" said ‘A'
del‘eiisemiln John Esposilo.
Esposito had a filie tournament.
despite being hampered by a leg ill-
jury. The viclory over the '8' team
cruiie next which earned ‘A‘ a spot
in the semi-finals against Ilillghaiii-
tori.

After a scoreless first period,
Larry Forte scored off a centering
pass front Paul Webel to give 'A' a
lead that they would never relin-
quish.

Later in the second period,
Webel took a blast front the point
that was saved, bllt Westerberg
knocked the loose puck out of the
air and into the goal to give 'A' a
2-0 lead. The clincher caliie tnidway
through the third period as Billy
Cortdoii slariitiied home rt rebound
ofil Pete Petritlo shot while ‘A' was
Shorthanded to make it 3-0.

Webel made it 4-0 with his second
goal of the game with just 30
seconds left. Diprcssi recorded his
second shutout of the tournament.
turning back many filie Binghani-

  

eond mark Tom Ruggi‘s rebound

lead to 3-0. Costa assisted on all
three Buffalo State goals.

One minute later Albany had
their first goal as Bob Miller poked
in a rebound, after Buffalo State
goalie Bob Pershyn had made a
save of a Pressman drive. The se-
cond period ended at 3-I. with
Albany dominating most of the
period.

The difference in that period was
the play of Persliyti. He made save
after save during the second stanza,
including a tremendous glove savr
off :1 Barry Dampf blast that was
ticketed for the upper corner of the
net.

"Going into the third period, we
felt we had to run on tltelii because
we had it few more guys then they
did" said Dilliipf, one of the stars
of the League I playoffs.

Run they did. at the 58 second
mark. Darnpf lriade a rittk long rush
and plit a backlialider past l’ersliyn
to make it 3-2. That's the way it
ended its Buffalo State's defense
kept Albany from getting good op.
portunities throughout the third
period.

One chalice they did have failed

   
   

Action in front of the net, Allraliy “A” tries to capitalize on it loose prick. The team lost the final garlic, will) [:30 [en when an” a dcmmivu
3-2. against Buffalo State ill the third annual Challenge Clip. (Photo: Ktirl (Than)

lapse, Robertson came ilt alone on a
ly stages of the game ‘A' godlie Bill great move, bill his shot was just
Springer was outstanding with most wide of the left post.

of the action in his etid. Springer Pcrsllyil was excited about his
held his own, but with 16 seconds team‘s first Challenge Clip. "It was
left iii the period Kevin Quinn tltc first time I was ill the [Olltllu~
scored on u power-play advantage merit, and I was really looking for-
lo make it 2-0 in favor of Buffalo ward to it. The telilii played just
State. great in front of me, and I'm just

Buffalo State kept on flying early glad we won."

‘ l
o

 
 

 

pointed Albany varsity lacrosse In the last period of the Potsdam
game the Danes scented to come to
life. They outscored their opponent
8-2 altd started to dominate the cort-
test. But it wasn't enough as tllc
stickhaitdlers front Potsdam held
on to the victory.

 

"We just can't get four good
periods of play together. The incon-
sistency is liurtiitg us," Motta said.

til the loss there were sortie bright
spots for Albany. Mike Slocum
again played another all-around
game and recorded four goals. Torti
Pratt added three goals atld Bob
Vcirier tallied three goals and two
assists.

Thursday's colitesl at Sierra was
the complete opposite of the
Potsdam galtte. After three minutes
of play. Albany was leadilig a
treriiendous Siclla squad, 3-0. The
Danes grabbed the lead on two
goals by Faust and one more
tlirowtt ill by Ken DuRos.

At the half the score was still
close as the Danes were trailing only
by one. 5-4. When the second half
opclted up the game's tcltipo was
reversed. Sierra took charge of the
contest alid outscored Albany ill-l
ill the filial two quarters.

“We just couldn't clear Ilie liilll.

 

They scored when we were it man

 

The slit-kitten dropped two games this week to l'olstlllln ulltl Sierra College llml'lt ttltd We find a defensive

breakdown. The second half was

by scores of l4-I3.uild IS-S. (Photo: Sue MImlicti)
disastrous," evaluated Motto.

Albany Student Press m ,April 14, 1981 l
Inconsrstent Stickmen Drop Two In 0

by MlehneICarmen Potsdam, the Danes found Tliestartinggoaltender KeliTir-
Ineonsrstent play marked the themselves down I2-5 after three man. appeared shakey in'the earl

Albany State Lacrosse team periods. “We were simply onthustl- going and Malta opted foyr

-throughout the week as they drop- ed. They beat us to ground balls freshman J.D. McMahon in voal

ged two llgames to Potsdam and and scored on ntany oftlteir penalty He recorded It! saves and allgwed

aggrasgorciiiczy’cﬁores of I4-13 opportunities." stated a disap- eight goals in his stint.

Saturday afternoon versus eoaclt Mike Motta.

.t t'

Page Nineteen

Ite Wéék

 

 

Aslerilio was basically the story for
Siclla. He played iii the style that
made him air All-Atiiericiilt its he
exploded for six goals arid added

record up to Cortlaltd State, ranked
second in Division III. "Cortland."
according to Motta. “has one of the of young players." added Mona.

The 2-3 Albany State lacrosse learn visits (‘ortlulltl today to take the se-
cottd ranked Division III learn. (Photo: Sire Mintliclt)

best learns ever and all lve can do is
try to play well."

The Danes failed to put together
four good periods of lacrosse iii
tiicir last two losses rind it will be
essential to do it today.
“Inconsistency has been out plo-
blem and its basic causes are lack of
concentration and a large amount

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CAMP DIPPIKILL
NEW LODGE OPENING MAY 1, 1981

 

Camp Dippikill Governing Board is pleased to announce that “Birches
Cabin" at Camp Dippikill will be open for guests commencing May 1, 1981.
The 28' X 38', 1-1/2 story log cabin features a stone fireplace and 2nd story
looking the fire. There are also thr bedrooms on the lower
level. Conveniences include gas stove, refrigerator and treat. There. is a pit-
cher pump for water ill the kitchen area. outliouse and fully stocked wuod
shed. No vehicles will be permitted near the cabin to assure the guests of a
“wilderness experience". Walking distance to a parking area is less than 1/4

sleeping loft river

mile.
The maximum capacity for the new lodge will be eight persons and Will be

strictly enforced due to the circle restrictions. The building can be reserved
' unit at a rate of $32 per night payable in cash ill the SA of-
flt'L‘. All policies and restrictions applicable to other Comp Dippikill reserva-
tions ills” apply to this facility. All litltllllttllrll $2.00 per person per night will
be payable til the Camp Office for llsuls who nru not t'lll'l't'lll tllx paying

only its illl entire

APRIL 21- 24

ll!n.karyleuﬂs

 

WW
2 n Au-tlilUW-lll“

VIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

LIVE! ON STAGE!
THE MUSICAL THAT LOVES
US ALL

GODSPELL

April 28 through May 2 8 plti

I‘ur inure tnturmltuu
cunt-rt Tun-y

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ton scoring opportunities.
Buffalo State and Albany ‘A'

Albrlny Shite students.
We l't‘lllllltl \Jtlll tltlit tli

l' t‘nllltt is tillt'il own ltllllltl titltl is now i't'sl't'vlllg

May 2 at 2:30 plii
MAIN THEATER PERFORMING ARTS
CENTER

 



met for the title, neither team had
ever won the cup. ‘A' had lost to
Binglialiiton in the ﬁnal two years
ago. “Not winning before adds a
little bit more incentive to tile tour-
nament" said Pressman.

fnl‘illtlt's fin tln' months of ATM”. May, .nnl rlllllt' ’l'ln' t‘tllllll lllls six. other

ltrllllll nitl's ltt'nlllt'fr lillt‘lu‘s: it fill ttt‘l't' llt)lltl

lnnhit'w .nnl .l tltt/t'il tll'\'t'lttl'lt'( ‘ . )'
ninl ll\'t’l b’ lIlllt'H rat lllltlttt; tl‘nlls. l lt‘l(

‘iillltllllt' tln (‘rltlltt'lllft .nnl swinnnlntr.
ll lll'ttrllt'tl lnnt‘lltlli’ Ill lllt' 5A trflll'l' (.( Hit

up
l is till HA tt\\'llt'(l .nnl ttllt'ltlltHl lt

Cnntp lhppikll 'l'l'tnltltnrtll frlt‘ility.

on $3 student ID $2.50 senior Citizens
all 457—8608 for group rates
BOX OFFIL-E NOW OPEN It not to 4- pm
WEl’ZKDAYS ‘

$2 SUNYA tax card; C

    

Buffalo State got on the board

‘ ‘ ﬁrst at 7:39 of the opening period li's ‘ . . . .
John i330!!!” WI!“ ,0, a “bound durum “w Mb.” m.'e_Momm\ Bob DcCcscm scored on a bum;- Buffalo State topped tlil. lhlrd‘nnt‘l'lltll Challenge (.le title wltlruJ-z victory.
, Illcnge (,up series held last weekend. (Photo: Karl Chan) bang Shel 0” a memo“. In (he can "V" "H Mbﬂlty A team. (Photo: Klirl Cltttlt)

 

 

 

 

 

 

__.__.___.-_——————-___._—

 

A University ’l'licatcr Productionl—SUNYA

 

 

. blm'xrxlllllllltli

 

 

