 

— .. :4 -r. A-

 

 

   

 

Eton  I'  ed

RAY“. Idaho-(AP) Syrian missiles were poised for

action near this eastern Lebanese city Thursday as the .

United States sought Soviet help In heading off a new
Middle East war.‘ ,In southern Lebanon. Palestinian
guerrillas rocketed northern Israel again, wounding
eight people. sources‘sald. Israeli jets, which shot down
two Syrian helicopter 'gunshlp's near Rayak Tuesday.
refrained from routine ﬂights over Lebanon’s Bekaa
Valley after Syria moved the Soviet-built surface-to-air
missiles into position Wednesday. reporters and of tieial
sources said. However, villagers said they saw high-
ﬂying Israeli jets make reconnaissance passes over the
area but that the planes were out of range of the SAM-6
missiles‘and none were tired. This correspondent saw
four tracked vehicles. each mounted with tltree white-
and-blaclt-painted, 20<foot-Iong SAM-6 missiles. in a
field about three miles south of Rayak. which is some 35
miles east of Beirut and less than 10 miles west of the
Syrian border. The four vehicles, and a ﬁfth equipped
with radar antennae, are the equivalent of half a battery
of SAM-65 — missiles designed for use against aircraft
ﬂying at low or medium altitudes. No additional missiles
were spotted elsewhere In a tour of the Bckaa Valley. In
Tel Aviv. Israeli Prime Minister Menachcm Begin said
Israel had no ofﬁcial conﬁrmation Syria had moved the
SAM-6 missiles into Lebanon. His statenrent con-
tradicted an Israeli military communique confirming the
missiles had been deployed. But Begin appeared to be
trying to de-escalate the situation. "I don‘t think there
will be war between Israel and Syria." he said. “We
don't want war with Syria and I think Syria has reasons
not to want a war with Israel."

Oil Deregulation Studied

HOUSTON (AP) Oilmen have responded to the

decontrol of oil prices with record drilling operations.
but a Conoco executive says he worries there isn't
enough determination. both In government and in the
industry. to make deregulation stick. “On the govern-
ment side, there continues to be a plethora of laws. rules
and regulations that regulators can invoke almost at will
to short-circuit the intent of the decisions made at the
top." says H.K. Bowden. “Particularly at some lower
levels, there is the clear impression very little has chang-
ed.” On the industry side, he adds, there are a lot of
people who have never known anything bttt controls
during their careers. “Controls have rewarded mediocri-
ty and created vested interests." liowdcn contcttds.
“Our industry has lost some of its daring." “The return
to free market competition will hit many of those people
hard". says Bowden. who recently was selected as chair-
man of Conoco's marketing subsidiary iii the United
Kingdom. “For sotne companies and some individuals.
the impact will be painful. The inefﬁcient will‘not sur-
vive." he says. He notes a rash of rcfittcry closings
followed President Reagan's Jan. 28 executive order ter-
minating oil price controls eigltt months ahead of
schedule. “They include not only small, privately owned
refineries which were offsprings of federal controls. bttt
also older inefficient refineries of major companies."
Bowden says.

Elections Preoccupy Irish

DUBLIN. lrelt'ind (AP) The Irish Republic fears that
the violence expected in Northern Ireland if IRA hunger
striker Boddy Sands dies will spill over the border. But
politicians throughout the country are more occupied
with the coming general election. Spokesmen for all
political parties except Sinn Fein. the political arm of the
Irish Republican Army, advocate a compromise bet-
ween Sands and the British government. But they have
made few ofﬁcial statements on the growing crisis or
suggestions of a way out of the Impasse. Prime Minister
Charles Haughcy‘s refusal to intervene on behalf of
Sands is an indication of his governments’s attitude
toward the IRA man's demand for special treatment as a
political prisoner. That's a status the Irish government
doesn’t give its IRA prisoners either. The government
obviously does not want to get involved in an issue that
many politicians believe could Inject confusion into the
campaign for the May election and even force Its
postponement. The election, in which Hanghey is
ﬁghting for his political life. is being fought chieﬂy on
economic issues — and most politicians want it to stay
that way. The public remains generally unemotlonal.

 

 

 

" - “”°"’""Smatlgroups'of'actii'lsts‘fidmtibietbtlmeholdmarches

u‘Wonl‘dCAtrsulEs  x

In Dublin or occupy private buildings to demonstrate
support at Sands. But they get littlesupport. Most peo-
ple. although concerned about the backlash the IRA

life or death hills to make. ‘
CaLeg to A void Conflicts

ALIANY.N.Y. (AP) Gov. Hugh Carey and his new
wife, Evangeline Oouletas-Carey. have spelled out a
series of guidelines they promise to follow 'to avoid con-
flicts of interest. The guidelines. announced Wednes-
day, would not allow American Invsco. the private cor-
poration owned by Mrs. Gouletas-Carey and her
brothers. to "directly pay" the personal expenses of the
gbvernor or his family. Carey would not be allowed to
“directly or Indirectly seek to beneﬁt or secure benefits
for the Gouletas private business interests. or accept
beneﬁts from such business interests." The Executive
Mansion here could not be used for private business
meetings, and the guidelines say “private business calls
should not be directed to the Executive Mansion." A

, statement from the governor's office also suggested that
American lnvsco will not engage in conversions of addi-
tional apartment buildings to condominiums and
cooperatives in New York City. Mrs. Goulctas-Carey is
a major stockholder of American lnvsco. the nation's
largest converter of apartment buildings to con-
dominiums and cooperatives. The Chicago-based com-
pany has already converted two buildings in New York
City and recently bought a third.

Army Private Extradited

BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) The head of a task force in-
vestigating the slayings of Seven Buffalo-area blacks has
begun extradition proceedings against Joseph G.
Christopher. a white Arttty private. his attorney says.
The move came Wednesday after a grand jury rctttrncd
a scaled indictment charging an individual with three
counts of second- degree murder in tltrce of last year’s
slayings. Erie County District Attorney Edward C.
Cosgrove refused to identify the suspect. saying the
name wottld be revealed after he was cstraditcd from.
Georgia and arraigned. Mark Mahoncy, Christopher’s
attorney. told The Associated Press in Atlanta that
Cosgrove irtformcd him cstradition proceedings had
been initiated against Christopher. However. Mahoncy
could rtot say who was named in the indictment. Mean-
while, detectives from Rochester and New York City.
where similar attacks occurred. arrived here to confer
with authorities. “There are basic similarities in the
cases." Cosgrove said. adding the person named in the
indictment could be a possible suspect in the other slay-
ings hcrc. The killings began Sept. 22 and 23, when three
black males were shot to death in Erie Cottrtty by a white
man using a .22-caliber weapon. The next day, a black
man was shot with the same weapon in nearby Niagara
County. .

 

mm... to   let

threatens tr Sands dies.'tak'e the view tha't the choice of

 

whsmtvorou (AP) President Reagan’s economic
program headed for its first showdown vote In the full
House yesterday ‘with outnumbered Republicans op-
timistic they can deliver a victory for Reagan and
Democratic leaders working hard to bring defectors
back Into the fold.l.ess than 40 hours after the president
personally appealed to a joint session of Congress to act
quickly on his package of spending and tax cuts. the
House began deliberations that will lead to a vote on
whether to endorse a budget resolution backed by the
president or a still-developing alternate plan being push-
ed by the Democratlc leadership. House Speaker
Thomas P. O‘Neill Jr. said today that prospects for a
Democratic alternative “look a lot better" because
many Democrats are beginning to realize how deeply the
budget-trimming plan favored by the administration will
cut social programs. O’Neill. D-Mass.. told reporters
that he was "pounding’it to" Democrats to make them
understand the impact of voting with Republicans on
tltc budget cuts. But Republican leader Robert Michel of
Illinois said flatly that the president would win. adding
that he could count “just over 30" Democratic votes
behind tlte Reagan»backed plan.

Man Admits False Income

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) A man who said he never
visited the headquarters of a state commission for which
he was supposedly working has testified that he was paid
$5.700. But he said the money actually went to the alleg-
ed mistress of New York City Councilman Vincent Ric-
cio. Guarrera testified that Riccio asked him “ifl would
take a slow on the commission and pass my money along
to help her — Ms. Natalie Kachougian financially.
which I agreed to do.” Guarrcra told the jury that he
took the money between May I978 andFebruaryl979 for
his job with the Temporary State Commission on Child
Welfare. He was a friend and business associate of Ric-
cio's. Riccio faced a lZ-count indicttncnt which charges
that he placed three people on the commission payroll
between I975 and I979 for jobs they never did. State
prosecutors say the paychecks of the three went to held
support Ms. Kaclrougian and her two children. Riccio, a
former state assemblyman from Brooklyn. and Ms.
Kachougian have been said by state prosecutors to have
carried on an “extra-marital affair" beginning in l‘)7l.

 

 

   
 
 
    

Cars may no lottgcr tttrtt right on red while cxiting'the
campus onto Washington Averttuc (across from tltc
Thruway House). This decision was reached. said Public
Safety Assistant Director Karl Scharl after a request for
the added precaution was subtnittcd by SUNYA Depart-
ntcrtt of Public Safety to the City of Albany Traffic

Attention! l

Safety Department. J

 

 

Campus Bnicfs

 

 

Correction

The "Clarification." letter to the editor in the ASP of

Tuesday. April 28 was written by Steve Elie.

W....~,..

Humanists to Gather

More than 100 humanists from throughout the United
States, Canada. Western Europe. and Australia will be
on the SUNYA campus May I] and lo. for the sixtlt att-
nual conference of the International Association for
Philosophy and Literature.

The focus of the conference will be representation.
which is the relationship between an art form and what
that art form represents. The debate centers on whether
art immitates or shapes the reality of the outside world.

More than 40 presentations will be part of the pro-
gram, including major addresses by Yale University
literary critic Geoffrey Hartman. and philosophers Paul
Rincocur of the University of Paris and William Oass of
Washington University.

The conference is being sponsored in conjunction
with the College of Humanities and Fine Arts and the
Institute for Humanistic Studies at SUNYA. The direc-
tor of the conference is Albany philosophy professor
Thomas Martland, who currently is chairman of the ex-
ecutive committee of the International Association of
Philosophy and Literature.

Spanish Concert Planned

Allan Alexander and Darta Berkowitz will present a
program of Spanish and South American music for the
classical guitar at the Egg Recital Hall Friday. May 8 at
8:30 p.m.

The program will feature Spanish classics. a ﬂamenco
duet. and syncopated numbers from Argentina and
Venezuela.

Admission is $5 for students. Tickets are available at

 

Lthe Egg and all community box ofﬁces.

The Fountains Are On! 1

      

 

Yott know it's summer when . . . the fountains are
tttrrtcd back on. as they should be by noon today. En-
ding six days ol'activitics planned for Human Awareness
Program (HAP) Week. the turning-on of the fountains
is to be accompanied by music. speeches and
rcfrcsltmcttts.

So forget about your 84-pagc term paper and the l7
final exams you have scheduled for next week and
podiate!

Watt Petition Initiated

The Sierra Club ltas initiated a nationwide petition
drive to have .lames Watt replaced as Secretary of the
Interior.

Directed to the Congress of the United States. the
petition states: “Secretary Watt is representing private
economic interests rather than following the laws that
define his responsibilities. He is sabotaging conservation
goals supported by a vast majority of the American peo-
ple. He is seeking to defy decades of legislation designed
to protect our natural resources . . ."

Members of the Sierra Club. a national conservation
organization with tnorc titan 200,000 members. intend
to collect and send a million signatures through this peti-
tion drive. according to Michael McCloskcy. the Club's
Executive Director. 

“The Secretary of the Interior . . . is meant to be the
country's number one conservationist. By contrast.
James Watt has interpreted November's election victory
to mean he has been given a mandate to declare virtual
war on the environment." said McCloskey. "The Sierra
Club believes that the many steps that Watt has already
taken to undo environmental legislation and safeguards
are contrary to the’wlshes of most Americans."

 

 

,.

 

 

Mme-t" uua. wm«~.-...-. ».,u.~~.r.a.w,

May 1,1  .

 

Phnln: Alan Calem

In remembrance of the Holocaust. .ISC-Hlllel’s Ad Hoc Yom
Hashoah Committee arranged a pictoral exhibition In front of the
Campus Center this week. The exhibit depicts the persecution of the
Jews. the rise of the Nazi movement. the resistance and deportation of
European Jews. and the "Final Solution" — the murder of six million
Jews and six rnllllon non-Jews In concentration camps during World
War II. According to Exhibit Co-Coordlnator Howard I-‘lshmun. ap-
proximately l.500 people will have viewed the week-long cxhlblt
before It closes at 3 p.m. today. “People who know of the Holocaust
(came out of the exhibit) depressed and sad," said Flshman." Others
who weren‘t as familiar with It were shocked, and wondered how It
could have happened.” Yom Hashoah was proclaimed by the Israeli
government as a national day of remembrance. and Is commemorated
world-wide. JSC~Hlllcl decided to organize this exhibit. I-‘lshmun said.
to remind people that the Holocaust did occur only 36 years ago. and
that there is it possibility that this type of genocide may reoccur.

    

g

 

'— Judie Elsenberg
J

 

  

Albany student Press

by Bruce Levy

The staff of Tangent magazine is
angered that Central Council decid-
ed to cut their I981~82 budget and
that they were not contacted to
represent themselves at the hearing
when the ﬁnal budget was decided.

"I understand they have a tough
time with tnoney and that some
things have to be cut. but they dont'
know their priorities." said
Tangent Co-editor Michele Israel..

Co-cditor Laura Dcutsch said she
“thottght that there was a rule that
a spokesman of a group has to be
there at a budget hearing."

Israel said that this is not the first
time Tangent has had difficulties
concerning their budget. "We had
problems last your getting funding
front the budget committee; they
slashed us to nothing," Israel ex-
plained. “We appealed to Lisa
Newmark and site reinstated ottr
budget," sltc added.

Israel believes that part of tltc
problem is “preconceived ttotiotts
on the part of the committee that
we are a ‘fcminist rag‘."

According to Isrttcl. this year
Tango/II had a budget of ttttdcr
$4.000. including $2.800 for prin-
tittg charges. $90 for photography.
and $550 for supplies. They were
expected to make an income of

AlcOhol Legislation Posed

Legal Drinking Age Studied

by Ken Gordon

A study outlining legislation that
would raise New York State's legal
drinking age to 19, close bars one
hour earlier attd lower the blood
alcohol content (IiAC) lltnit for
Driving Wltilc Intoxicated from .I
percent to .08 pcrccttt was released
Wednesday by Senate Mental
Hygiene and Addiction Control
Committee Cltair Frank Padavan.

Tltc purpose of these initiatives.
I’ttdttvan said. is "to combat
alcoholism. drttnk driving and
teenage alcohol ttbttsc." llc added
that lie feels “the chances of these
bills passing are pretty good."

One bill included in the study
packet has already been signed ittto
law. This bill requires commercial
insurers issuing group policies for
health coverage to provide in-
paticttt care for the diagnosis and
treatment of alcoholism and
alcohol abuse.

However. legislation to raise tltc
state‘s legal drinking age to El was

by Mindy Safdla
l.cgttl Services Sc:
last Friday.

the interview.
Rothhaum said.

Rmhhnum as committee chair.

 

SA Search Committee

Chairperson Resigns

dcl'catcd last month ill the
Assembly. New York's. legal drink.
ing age has been set at IR since I939
when prohibition was lifted.

“Drivers 20 years old attd
younger tttakc up less than eight
percent of the licensed driving
population (in New York State). yet
they are involved in one—quarter of
all drunk drivittg collisions."
Padavan said. “While automobile
accidents rank sixth in the list of
causes of death among Americans
as a whole, it is the leading cause of
death itt the l5-to-l‘)-_venr-o|d age
group." ltc added.

According to I’ndttvttn. the Divi-
sion of Alcoholism Abuse has
found that 27 percent of all drunk
driving I'nlttlitics occur between I
and 5 run. Padttvttn has sponsored
legislation which would require bars
to close at 3 n.m.. instctttl ol‘4 run.
as currently tnttndatcd by New York
State law.

The purpose of this legislation.
said Padavan. is to prevent drttttk

l

ll'Cll Committee Chair Brad Rothbanm resigned

Thc Legal Services Committee was organized to ltirc a new attm ncy
to replace full titnc SA attorney, Jack Lester. who has resigned.

Rothbnnm said he resigned because of one commitlcc member‘s
“luck of professionalism" and personal scheduling problems.

Rothbaunt said that SA part~timc attorney Lou Oliver could ttot at-
tcntl an interview for it new attorney due to personal and professional
responsibilities. although ltc had expressed a “strong desire" to attend
The meeting had to be postponed to a later date.

Rothbatttn said he resigned “not because lie is giving up. httt
because of time limitations due to other commitments."

SA President Sue Gold said that Rothbaum‘s resignation is unfor-
tuttate. “He did a good job," she said. adding that she would “like to
see him continue. bttt tltcrc were time problems."

Another committee member.

Eric Tttrkowitz. will replace

 

_J

 

 

dtitct's from driving bcluccll 4 (Lin.
and 8 n.m.. as well as to protch in-
noccnt commuters during tltc early
morning rush hour.

Matty district attorneys across the
stole require a higher- ISAC than the
present .I percent to prosecute for
Driving While lntmictttcd. said
Padavttn.

“By lowering the acceptable litnit
two-ltttndrcths of a pcrccntttgc
point. I seek to impress upon the
district attorneys tltc legislative in-
tent that Driving While Intoxicated
(DWI) violations he pt‘oscctttctl
more rigorously." he said.

l’adavan added that “public
drinking is not a right but a
privilege."

 

11:21: : :e r: - a: z 2 “wag-“ml -. “5M3”: :

r

51,000 but only drew 5500 through
advertising and record sales with
their four-issue. 5.000-copy
magazine.

Next year. Israel said. “there will
be a ten percent paper cost increase
by the printer, bringing the printing
costs to $3.080." To keep their
costs down. she explained. the
magazine eliminated the photo line.
cut supplies to $200, and put their
intended income at $600.

“We expected tltctn to be im-
pressed. a group coming in cutting
their own budget. Israel said. In-
stead. Central Council advised
Tangenl editors to sell the
magazine. “but we don't have
enough manpower. and besides
students are already paying for it
through SA funds.“ she said.

Central Cotrncil also suggested
that “we reduce our distribution to
4.000." Israel added. explaining
that the cut itt printing costs were
only $77.

Central Council Chttir l'ctcr
Weinstock explained that
“although printing costs are only
577. it was trot a tnattcr oftttottcy. it
was a question of ltavng copies of
Tangenl left around . . . Iltey
should only prittl tltc correct
number of copies that will he
read."

    

_ “Magazine’s‘Budget .gisstuestioned

Israel complained that “we’ve
been consistent all year. we were ex-
pected to print four Issues and we
did. and there's our thanks.” She
also complained that “the budget
was cut and they never contacted
either editor. They should have
waited until they got hold of us."

Weinstock admitted that "they
should have been contacted. It is
the job of the budget committee
chair to contact them.” He added
that Budget Committee Chair John
Suydum “could only do what's
humanly possible. and it might have
been impossible to get in touch with
them."

Israel said that site believes “the
bttdgct committee doesn't even read
the magazine. It is a literary
magazine for a small interest."

She also questioned the decision
to fund a new campus publication
next year. Nadir. “We want to see
other publications on campus.
Publications just come and go, but
why cut an established magazine for
another that will probably be the
smite?"

Weinstock said that Tangent
editors should have been contacted
before the budget hearing, but that
tltc budgeting decision was correct.

Suydtun was unavailable for

comment.

l'hotn: PS

“Celebration” Readies for Concert

by Sylvia Saunders

Although advance tickets for
tomorrow‘s Celebration '8] began
selling at a slow pace. sales are
“picking up." according to Univer-
sity Concert Board (UCli) Chair
Dave Montnnttro.

“Wc‘rc expecting a big llnc Fri»
day." Montanaro said. “And we'll
sell tickets as late as we have to. As
long as the line goes, we'll be
there."

He said there will be additional
tables to sell tickets set up itt tltc
Cillllpth Center lobby. IIc's hoping
to sell at least lt).()()0 advance
tickets; as of Thursday. lltcy wcrc
halfway there. He said people
didn't rttslt to buy tickets because
they wanted to sec what the weather
was like and decide whether tltcy
wanted to go.

“Everyone who‘s planning to go
should buy thetn Friday." Mon-
tttnaro added. "There will only be a
litnltcd tttttnbcr available at tltc
door. Besides. UCli and the ad-
ministration cannot conceive of
students spending an extra $6’at the
door.“

He said tickets at the door will be
$I0. “There will be no exceptions

nttd tltc policy will ttot change."
Tickcls at tltc door will go on sale
ll)a.m.tontortow.

Those with ttdvttncc tickets can
crtlcr tltrottgh the express lines and
tile fencing will be guarded by
uniformed security and University

    
   

- t

UCB Chair Dave Montanaro

Expecting long lines today. UCB will "sell (it:

.. .. .   rpm“.

l’olicc.

“Even if there are long lines,
we're going to start the concert,"
Montanaro said. David Crosby is
scheduled for approximately l2:00;
Willie Nile is planned for l:30p.m.
and the Drcgs will appear at 3p.m.

cl

'9

      

 i" v't f

:" INK
L . r a
PMIOIIoble-M

[rats as late as we have to. "

ﬂotsam-..“
vu.

 

 

 

 

 

