   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mg...
ﬁnd. -—r

N“""‘“‘. . :1: 7" " 7-7:“‘."‘,..  W >

 

 

 

 

" A Touch of Darwinism

"Laughable . . . outdated . . tridiculous

. . . ," words such as these serve as signals

to notify when a care assumption of society
is being questioned. These words are now
being used in the evolution vs. creation
debate which has gained access to the media
and the national attention.

The focal point of this argument has been
the exclusive teaching of an evolutionary
origin of live in public schools, which is on-
ly one outward manifestation of a clash bet-
ween two thought systems which rcaches to
the very foundations of modern thought.
One of these systems‘ is evolutionary
philosophy, the other non-evolutionary
philosophy.

Evolutionary thought is relatively new on
the world scene. becoming established in
the last 100 years following Charles Dar-
win's groundbreaking work in l859; in the

thousands of years of history prcceeding
this most thought could be termed non-
evolutionary.

Evolutionary thought inspired great ex-
clternent in the minds of many thinkers in
its early days. it was a time of lndttstrial

development which was changing man's
lifestyle, and evolution's precepts Were
changing the way men viewed themselves
and their future. They had at last found a
rational understanding of their position in
the universe, a puzzle which in ages past
had served only to generate religions and
superstitions. They believed they were
entering the Golden Age of Humanity. free
from ignorance and fear of the unknown.
man wouid ‘ his ' ' y pro-

gram cow-yd urns! “ow-rd to better. thin a.
Man himseit wouid become the new ggd.

Tltis belief was fostered by tltc drastic
physical improvements tcchrtology promis-
ed to bring about.

The two great World Wars of this cert-
tttry destroyed rntrclt of this idealism.
Technology had cltanged man‘s physical
capabilities but rtot his nature; it was being
ttsed as muclt to destroy as to improve.

Evolutionary thought rcgrottped arttl
evolved into the more conservative form
which we kttow today. Science ltad tlte
burden of sttbstatttiatittg evolrrtiorrary

Wuhan“

theory. and much evidence was ac-
cumulated to this end. Evolution became
more of a scientific topic than a
philosophical one. yet its implications and
ramifications for modern thought remain
enormous.

The consequences of evolutionary
thought can best be seen in the development
of our value systems. The belief that man
evolved from insignificance by chance oc-
currence immediately renders all things
relative. changing and progressing. Values
and beliefs were gradually developed by
man and are to be discarded as man enters
new stages in his development acquiring
new rules. There are no absolutes. All tradi-
tional religions are no longer intellectually
viable; existing only for those who need
them, they must be clearly separated from
rational thought. Thus our society has
become secular. with religion being a
distinct entity for private consumption on-
ly.

 

Now we itcar from scientists operating
with a firmly entrenched presupposition of
u ' ‘ , believing in a young earth
which was created with life in much the
some form art it is today. if their explana-
tton fits the reliable data available, then
their theory is no less valid titan the evolu-
tiottist's. Tlrerc is no reason to discount
their presupposition out-of—hand. arttl their
scientific methodology is as correct as
anyone else‘s.

These are scientists itt several relevant
fields. holding doctoral degrees anti serving
as distinguished members of university
faculties; they are not practicitrg bad
sctence. They hold that the patterns of
fossrl remains are best explained by a

cataclysmic flood such as described in the
biblical narration; they challenge the basic
assumption of radiometric dating techni-
ques; they point out inconsistencies and im-
possibilities in evolutionary .thcory; and
they remind us of the hoaxes. inaccuracies.
and cover-ups which have surfaced in
cvolutlon's past. Titey are on the whole in-
formed. rational, and convincing to many
who have opportunity to hear tltem.
Non-evolutionists also reject the
sociological aspects of evolutionary
thought. They find the widespread notion
that our culture is more advanced than
those past, that new values have progressed
beyond old values, and that men are more
cnliglttened now tltart in the past. They.
point to the clearly cyclical nature of
history, observing that the new and improv-
ed social wrinkles which we now enjoy have
been also traversed in the rise and fall of
past civilizations. The belief that we today
are tnore intellectualy capable than those of
even the earliest recorded history is
groundless; they were working without a
base of pre-existing knowledge irt the scien-
tific renlrn. There is nothing non-traditional
or innovative; there is nothing new under
the strn. Of course technology has changed
tlte face ofour cnvironmettl.‘but wltat docs
tecltnology ultimately mean as far as the
quality of a culture? it may well prove to be
self-destructive itt the long rttn.

So it goes. The poitrt of all this is that the
evolution vs. creatiort argument is not in-
ltcrerttly flawed attd there are no foregone
conclusions. Those who pit it as a battle of
science vs. religion do not understand the
potential subjectivity of scientific theory. lf
hill“ Wino of view claim to be honestly
scientifically sound. the question to be
answered is wlriclt is the best possible ex-‘
olatttuion. It is intellectuain irresponsible
"‘ I“ ""iw “CCCPHNWU 0“ ﬂ Pl'csrlppusition
replace rational discussion of arty issue, and
“ ‘5 ili’t'llt‘l'ilicttl to avoid a fair argument by
groundless ridicttlc of art opponent. The
greatest threat to the search for knowledge
comes not from those with tl different poittt
oi vrew brtt front lltosc unwilling to ques-
ttort their own point or vicw.

 

 

   
    

/

/ /. rurrsx, /./

 

 

“on Ptnct q“... (r

Lit

 

' Noanpathetic

To the Editor:

With Telethon '8] over. we can now take
a step back. and reflect upon what we all
just experienced. Persomiiy, we find it dif-
ficult to believe that the students of this
university are called apathetic. Telethon
turned this university into a loving, caring
community. Although Telethon is a year
long event, this past weekend was the
culmination of efforts for hundreds of
students who worked very hard to make
Telethon '8l a special time for everyone.
For it is Telethon weekend when Students
put down their books. their term papers,
and leave the realms of academia. to bring
love into the lives of those less fortunate
than themselves.

Watching the faces of the children parade
through Children’s Hour. touched a special
place in all our hearts. We realize lital
through our participation in Telethon. we
have grown. Grown to be better people'l
Perhaps. more importantly, we have grown
together. Students. faculty. children. han-
dicapped as well as non-handicapped,
working toward a better understanding of
one another. as well as a better understau»
ding of ourselves.

As chairpeoplc of Telethon's Children‘s
Hour. We would like to extend our sincere
thanks to everyone who ltclped and par-
ticipated in the creation of the special
dream. We call Tcletlton ‘81. Throughout
the year, we ltave all worked closely with
these childrctt. and we feel that through
your sharing in Telethon. you have touched
tltese lives lit a very special way. So. some-
day.'ten or twenty'ycars from now, when
you relich back on your years at SUNYA.
amidst the parties. the exams. the pro-
fessors, remember your participation in
, Telethon ‘Rl. Remember tltc smiling face.
of those kids. Remember the satisfaction in
knowing that you took time to care.

— Robin Hirshman und Artie Roberts
Children 's Hour C/trriryn-rmm

. A Chaotic Mess

To the Editor:

A i work at tltc Campus Center inl'orrrur
tron‘desk. lam writing this letter to call an.
tentton to the gross attd obnoxious behavior

 

 

of about 200 SUNYA students who graced
the. Campus Center with their presence
wltrlc waitirtg for fall scltedrrlc booklet...
When I came to work. i noticed about ill)
people in front of the desk. l was informed
wrth the rest of the crowd that the desk lttrd
rtrn ottt of books and that there wortld be
more books in about a half hour.

instead‘ of leaving and coming back.
ntost of the people decided to stay attd clog
up the area in front of the desk, making it
difficult for people who needed informa-
tion to have access to the desk. Titc crowd
attactcd even more people. and within
mrnutes 200 people were waiting irt from of
the desk, creating a very chaotic situation.

Art announcement was made asking the
crowd to leave and come back later. Instead
of dotng this most of the crowd stayed and

Bel Verbally abusive. I should say at this
point that the information desk has nothing
to do with the schedules other than
distributing thent. Tltc registrar is itr totrtl
Charge of the books artd we have tto control
over them.

We were lnforrncd several minutes later
that there would be a delay in getting rttore
books‘overlto the Campus .nter. Wltcrt
the inlormatlon was relayed to the arch —-
all hell broke loose. My co-workcrs iillti l
were then cursed at, yelled at, threatened
:Itcd hassied by numerous obnoxious DCO'

We at the desk could not ﬁgure out witat
the rush was for those books and why were
People willing to wall 45 minutes for a
book. To make matters worse, when the
books arered, people acted like animals in
the zoo at feeding time. When told they

 

 

 

90"” Only have one copy, the information
deﬂt workers were again verbally abused.

A...

__v .,-.Mrwmm .s

. The scene was nothing less than a riot.
People were pushing, shoving, grabbing,
yelling and acting like animals all because
they were’ afraid that there would be no
books left. Well guess what SUNYAl'I
There are piles of books at the desk waiting
for those who were patient.

l’m really disgusted with the behavior of
my fellow students and the lack of courtesy
they have shown. All i can say, and l speak
for myself alone (however, 1 reflect the
views of many who work at tile desk) is
grow up SUNYA. Learn ltow to act like
adults. Our bosses tell us to always act kind
and courteous but be careful next time; i
won't be so polite.

— Name Withheld Upon Request

Promoting Hatred

To the Editor:

This letter is in reference to an article en-
titled. “My Face is Black,” appearing in
the March. I981 issttc of The Unity Press:
KNUDGIT, and written by Felicia Watson.
a staff writer. '

i could have started this letter off with.
“The black man hates tltc wltitc man.” just
as Miss Watson began her article with "The
wltite man hates the black man . . . " but
that would ltave been generalizing.The main
idea that I got frortt her article is that the
black man should hate the white man, as
Miss Watson apparently does.

ltt what is basically a short history of
black oppression in the United States and
an attack on whites, Miss Watson has
generalized more than once. Slte calls orrt
country “tnncrikkka” referring to tlte Ku
Klux Klan. lint I Won't give her pcrsortai
credit for this new spelling, because i have
troticcd it throughout the Unin rttnga/lnc. l

 

 

.do take offense. though. to her insinuation

that Americans and the KKK are one in the
same. True: tltc KKK does exist, but so tiics
Nazism. artd yotr don't see .lews lttulng
every Gcrrtttrn that they rrtect.

Site makes a reference to tire recent
Alltrnta murders. I also suppose that the
white students of this university who ltavc
been wearing green ribbons for the Allattta .
children are also members of the KKK? The

4 murderer itt the Atlanta case probably is

white. btrl ltc is only one man Several mott-
tits ago a group of ltorttoscxtntls were shot
down and killed irt New York City; itt tltc
sortie way. one man was responsible for
this. not all heterosexuals.

l uttt glad that Miss Watson‘s feelings do
trot represent the majority of SUNYA's
black population. because she hates whites,
or so it scents from her article. It is quite utt-

‘ forttrnatc that site is trying to pass on that

hatred to members of her black readership.
How can an article. so nnti~whitc, help arty
situation that site l'ccis exists. All it can do is
promote the lttttred of whites by blacks.
— David Singer

.Chanqinq Times

To the Editor:

1 ant writittg with regard to Ron Levy‘s
review of The Who's new album. [7(11'0
Dances (ASP. Marclt 3'1). In tltc review,
Levy goes to great lcngtlts to portray the
band as stagnant. boring anti musically ill-
cpt. Yet the bulk of his criticism is botlt
misguided and unjustified.

To begin with, Levy opens rtp his review
by stating, "The record has few really new
innovations and more hashings of old
ideas." Nothing cotrld be ftrther from the
truth. if it is musical innvontiotts lie is look-‘
ing for, perhaps Mr. Levy should listen to
the electronic instrumental on "How Catt
You Do It Alone."

As for their ideas. Face Dances is a
radical departure front everytlrittg else the
band has done. From the beglrtrtirtg, The
Who have always been an angry group,
with violence being an intricul part of built
their music and their live performances.
However, on Face Dances, tlte band
assumes a much more tranquil and satisfied
posture. An example of this cart best be

seen in the song “Daily Records." In it.

 

 
 

Townshcnd admits that he is no longer
“looking for deliverance," and that.
“we've had some' years of hate. but now
we're in the eighties." ‘

This is not to say that the bands new style

is preferable to the old one. To claim that
Face Dances is better than Who '5 Next or
Qtladropltenia would be a demonstration in
musical ignorance. But what i am trying to
say is that if The Who's music is not as
good as it used to be it's not because it
necds'to be changed, but because it has
changed. This is sontetltirtg that Mr. Levy
fails to realize.

' Furthermore, our omrtiscient critic must
also open his cars so that he can find the
tnusic on Face Dances is quite good.
Daltrcy's vocals are as tough as ever. and
the backups are great. Entwistle has never
made a rttore important contribution to a
Who album. and his baseline is a ubi~
quitous force frortt beginning to end. And
believe it or not. Kcttncy .lones' drumming,
although it lacks the wrecklcss crtergy of his
predecessor, is botlt talctttcd and diverse.

Finally, 1 must agree with Mr. Levy that
The Who‘s rttrtsie is not as urgent as it once
was. However. the reason for this is not
because they have hecotne lethargic. but
ratltcr because The Who is no longer a
desperate band. Arid the reason they are no
longer a desperate battd is because our
society is ttot as despcrate as it was to or l5
years ago.

Therefore. 1 suggest that the .‘iSI’t‘t'IA‘
Music Department make an attempt to
realize that tltc aforementioned cottditiort
exists before it decides to part tltc next Wlto
aibttttt atttl cotttittttc tlte tradition.

— Dave Lnntz

A Letter of Praise

To the Editor:

Living in the dorms we have the oppor-
tttttity to ltenr all of the usual complaints
registered against tltc Unrvcrsity Police
Department (UI’D) by the student body.

  

   

 

     

 

Cou ncil lnactiOn

This Wednesday Central Council will finally vote on whether '
to pass an affirmative action policy. .

_lsrt’t it about time that SA declared that they will not tolerate
drscrrmmatton against any group of people? 7 ’

Central Council did not pass the affirmative action bill last
year because it was too controversial. '

They did not vote on the bill two weeks ago because they did
not have enough information on a controversial topic.

And they "did not vote on the bili‘last week again because no
one bothered to get the accurate information needed to make a
qualified decision. . ‘

The controversy surrounding the affirmative action issue is
centered on one question: Should gays be included in an SA affir-
mattve action poilicy?

As a group. they are certainly discriminated against.

For those who believe that since government Affirmative Ac-
tion guidelines do not include a clause against discrimination on
the basis of sexual or affectional preference, we shouldn’t either
'— that‘s ridiculous.

if our principles are right. why shouldn’t we set a precedent by
stating them?

A statement of SA’s attitude towards discrimination will in no
way affect the existing government guided Affirmative Action
Office at SUNYA since the two are independent of each Other.

As for those who believe that including gays witltin the SA
policy will broaden its scope too much — wouldn't a broad
united stand against discrimination of all members of society
create a healthier social attitude and a stronger front against
social injustice?

if gays are concerned about privacy. then we need not include
tircm in the job recruitment aspect of affirmative action.

But they. as all other minority groups with a history of
discrimination, deserve the protection they seek. ‘

Why shouldn’t SA tailor a policy to suit the needs of all those it
“Vic up Central Council. We voted you in to serve us.

Are you going to let a little “controversy” scam YOU 0"?

 

However. tlterc arc ittdccd times tltnt these
officers provide line service that we believe
should be praised. One such incident occur-
rcd irt ottr suitcroom on tltc morning of
Saturday, March 28.

Following a party on Friday ttigltt.
several people decided to spend tltc night itt
our stritcroom rather tltart tttttkc the trip
ltotttc. During the course of the night one oi"
these people wcttt irtto insulin shock. At
about ll):J() a.m. ltc started convulsing. Not
having the Five Quad number immediately
available we called the university police.
who in ttrrtt notified Five Quad. The police
responded to tire call irtttttcdiutcly attd were
on tltc scene within it few minutes. Officers
Miller. (iraham. and one other officer
whose trantc is rtot known. responded to the
call artd took the action necessary to ltave
the situation under cotttrol by the tintc Five
Qrtttd arrived. 'fltis incittdcd gathering all
the pertinent medical information so that
five Quad could take irtrtttcdiate action.
The officers involved should be praised for
the extreme professionalism with which
they cartrc itt arid took charge of art
emergency situation.

We believe this episode exemplifies the
fine work that the UH) is capable of pro-
viding. ntrd wish to express our gratitude to
the officers involved. Thank yort.

— llrucc S. Shapiro

Bring Us Your Letters

and Columns

  

Deadlines for letters and columns are
'l‘nesduy for a Friday issue and Friday for a
Tuesday issue. Muterlul must be typewrit-
ten. double-spaced. anti Include the writer 3
name anti phone ttunthcr. Anonymous let-
ters will ttot lte printed -— however. names
‘ will be withheld upon request. Please ilntlt

é arse

yASPECTS

Elllblllhld In 1"!

and its creative maqnzhu

Rob E. Grubman, Editor m Chief
Hayden Cartuth. Steven A. Gutenberg. Managing Edlla/s
Sylvia Saunders. Sun/at Edllol

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Susan Mllllgan. Both Setter

dl . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , .. .
NﬂuE '0" . . . JuttltrElaenbmp.WavncPeereboom

  
  
  
  
 

 

   
 
   
 
 
 

 

.$‘.‘l§'23‘..’37."'.5“.".°.’.' . . . r . . . . . . . , . . . . . , . . . . ..Robantsratn
Associate Asf’octl Editors. . Joanna Walnot. Andrew Carroll
Sound Editor. . . . . .. . . . . . , . . . . . . . . .. 
‘él'elsfl‘vEIdAl‘ri’: ' Suzanne Berber

Spoita Editor ' . . ... . Bob Bettaitore
Associate Sports Editor are Hnapglétfglrz gym”

“"0"” no" “no, V H Frank J. on n. Mitchell A. GIBDDGI

 

Copy Editor: . . . . . . . . . . . .
Juliurtnu Bestlc. Joan Dranttelaky, Robin Brown. Ray Collgulto. Ken Cantor.
Sharon Colo, Scott Commat. Llaa Danonmatk. Hubert-Kenneth Dickey.
eln. Kan Gordon. Etle Grubor. Matthew itaddad. Wendell Had-
Kothy Klttaano. Chtlatophor Koch, Bruce any, Bruce
Ed Plnlta. Dlarmulo Quinn. Mark Rolulet. Mindy
iSolomon. Carolina Sommeta Zodiac and

Stall writers: Ellla Allbthht. Anne Bots.
Mlettnul Carmen. Anna Cavannoh. Lott Cotton.
Eilan Epatnln. Mark FIachetli. l'itueo Fox. Gull Goldat
don. Jamel Jallo. Dabble Judue. Larry Kinsman. Nora Kirby,
Llnoer. Tom Luattk. James Markotsta. Mark Muratote. Jack Nuthatl.
Snidlu. Joli Schattoll. Barbara Schindler. Paul Schwartz. Sue Smith. Laure
Preview Editors: Marlo Garbarlno, Mary Katrinan

Marilyn Molkowlt1.Dustnaas Mammal
Janet Drllluu. Advertising Manager

Bonnle Stovana

 
 
   
 

3h“?  ‘ . I I I ‘ I r . . I . ‘ . I ' . ' I i V i I . V I I I I i i r I i . ertam Raaalat. Hody Brodar. Karon Sardutl
CI nitled Mln . . r . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Septembatheln
I . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Hayden Carrutn

 

Composition Man-oar . .. ..
Mteitnol Stenaro. Pam Zion Advertising Production Manager. Tammy Gainer Adver-
Mlehetlc Notowttz. Susan Kaplan. Mara Mendotaohn. Carolyn
Tricia Janaon. Arlene Katlowltl. Judy 8. Battle

Stiles: Dave Burton. Roy Loomla.
tlllno Production: Mann Flactr. Dlnnna Glacola.
Sotluwlch. Olllaa Stall: l‘lobln Dalnnaon. Hamil Greenbora.

Dun Ball. Pladuellnn Manage:
Dab Reynolds. David Thanh-user. Associate Pmduetlcn Manage/a

 
    
 

. . . . . .. Elissa Beck
Vertical Clmltl . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Full-up: Davlrt Bock. Rhonda Keltner. Robin Lamataln. Edan Lavina, Carina snlpatot Y. W Nlnay Bernstein.
Lynda Bunvenuto. Mary Butke. Marla Garbatlno. Mindy Gordon. Madge Mannlno. Barbara Nolan. Cathie Ryan, Shall

I ‘EChnuldat Chauller. Mark Fllchuttl

 

Photography, Suppl/ed principally by University Photo Service

enrol Phat rs her: ﬂab Leonard ,
UPS StethmvrMnnlr. Bruce Briggs. Alan calem. Karl cit-n, Sherry Cnhnn. Slevn Ellen. Milt- Fulllr. Mark Nllelt.
Mam Henaehal. Blll Klluu. Ralnnl Kulakoll. Dav: Manhunt, Lola Mattattanl. Sue Mindlen. Mark Ned/er. Sunl -

Steins-mp. forty Tun-tolll. Wlll Vulmln ‘
Irma every Tuudny and Friday during the school year by the Albany Student >

 

 

letters to antler 250 words. Drop them off
In “Letters” box in CC 329 or call the

The Albany Student Plus I: put:
. .4 .

 
 

pun not-IoI-protll r ' Editorial. are wrlttcn by the Edllnr In Ghletrpoltay Is
sub/tat to Ilvlew try the Editor/ll Board. .

 

 

lirlltorlul l'uges l-Zdltor rtt 455419338.

 

 

 

 

