   

'\

" ‘-A “r- ‘- ‘MM.

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 Capsules

 

 

V, 'Man Found in Atlanta .

ATLANTA, Ga. (AP) The body of a black male was
found yesterday in an abandoned apartment building in
Atlanta, where 22 other young blacks have been slain,
and officials quickly identified the victim as is retarded
man who disappeared last week. Public Safety Commis-
sioner Lee Brown said the body was identified Thursday
afternoon as that of 20-year-old Larry Rogers. Brown,
who rushed to the northwest Atlanta apartment where
the body was found. had earlier refused to describe what
the victim was wearing. He said he did not know the
cause of death, but said “we will carry the case as a
homicide, obviously." An ambulance driver told
reporters the victim was clad in a T-shirt, underwear and
shorts. He wore no shoes, said the driver, who asked not
to be identified. Fulton County Chief Medical Examiner
Robert Silvers said the body was identified shortly after
it arrived at the morgue. He said the autopsy had begun
but added it will “take us a while." The body was found
in a ground-ﬂoor apartment at about “:30 am. by of»
ficers investigating a car abandoned nearby, Brown
said. The apartment building was boarded up, aitd its
yard was strewn with old tires artd other litter. Brown
would not comment on whether there were any wounds
on the body or how long it had been iii the abandoned
apartment. He also refused to say whether Rogers rnigltt
have been killed somewhere else and dumped in the
apartment.

Reagan to Return to Work

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) President Reagan is under
doctors' orders to work no more than a couple of hours
a day when he returns to tire eritc House, now ex-
pected to be between today and Monday. Reagan's left
lung, punctured by a bullet in art as assination atterrtpt
to days ago, was described Wedrtcsday as "pristine,"
with clotted blood and durttaged tissrre rtow “barely
perceptible" in X-rays. The Wltitc House press office,
which has cut its formal bulletins on tlte president‘s
health to one a day. said Reagan's temperature was
‘ " nortna“‘.‘.’ ' ' —an' " ' ‘Ite was
still running some fever. While the chief spokesrtturt iit
George Washington University Hospital artd White
House aides itttlicatcd tltc president would be rcl ‘ased
soon, no firrrt date was set. Hospiter spokesman Dr.
Dennis O’Leary, describing Reagan as a moch pttlicttt,
said the presidcrtt ltits not asked to be discharged yet and
is “not chotnpirtg at the hit.“ But he added: “He pto-
bably would like to get out of here." Reagan corild be
ready to go home as 'atly as Friday but no later tlnur
Monday, O'l.‘ary said, assuming continued improve-
ment and no surprises.

Hoffman to Cooperate

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) Abbie Hoffman, famous for
advocating disruptive demonstrations to make a poirtt
orjust for the hell of it, pleaded with his disciples Thurs-
day to cool it nrtd rtot ltrirass the governor‘s wedding.
Hoffman, soon to begin a three-year prisoir term its a
cocaine pcddlcr and hail jtrrnpcr, said Ire has been get»
ting calls from friends who are incensed irt his impen-
ding imprisonment and "say they are goiirg to corrtrrrit
acts of violcttcc . . . disrtrpt Gov. Htrglt Carey‘s wetl-
ding." “They should use legal means to get the governor
to do what's willtirt his power," Hoffman said in a
telephoned statement. “but tltcy should rtot use means
that lead to violence irt arty way. Not only would it be
unnecessary and ridiculous, it would not help my case iii
any way." Hoffman insisted lltat, statements front the
governor’s office to the contrary, Carey has the power
of pardon, commutation, clemency and could free him
“any time he wants." Carey, a widower, will marry
Evangeline Goulctas irere Saturday.

Agents to beHonor

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) The US. House' of
Representatives unanimously approved a resolution irr-
troduced by New York Representative Jerry Solomon
honoring the security agents who acted to save President
Reagan's life during last week's assassination attempt.
The Solomon resolution singles out Secret Service agents
Jerry Parr and Timothy McCarthy and Washington
Police Ofﬁcer Thomas Delahanty for commendation by
Congress. McCarthy and Delahanty were wounded in
the assassination attempt which also felled the president
and his news secretary, James Brady. In introducing his
resolution, Solomon said, “This nation was spared an
even‘ greater tragedy . . . thanks to the unselﬁsh bravery
of the men assigned to protect the president." His
resolution cites the men for acting with “courage and
patriotism."

 

 

 

 

 

 

Richardson Indicted .

NEW HAVEN. Conn. (AP) Edward M. Richardson
was indicted Thursday by a federal grand jury on two
counts of threatening to kill or hurt President Reagan;

, Richardson, 22, of Drexel Hill, Pa.. was arrested Tues.

day in Manhattan and is being held in New York in lieu
of $500,000 bond. US. ’Atty. Richard Biumenthal, who
announced the indictments, said investigators have
found no connection between Richardson and John W.
Hinekley, Jr. who is charged with the March 30 shooting
of President Reagan in Washington. Both counts of the
indictment against-Richardson involve statements he
allegedly made in ttotcs lcft iii a New Haven hotel or sent
to Yale student Jodie Foster, the teen-age actress.
Richardson was arrested in New York's Port Autltority
where he was taken frortt a bus bound for Philadelphia.
At the tirtrc, Ricltardsort was carrying a .32 caliber
revolver. Richardsort faces an April I7 removal lrcaritrg
in Manhattan federal corirt. Blrrtttcnthal said Richard-
son will undergo a psychiatric exam to determine his
competence to stand trial. Each courrt ot‘the indictment
carries a maximum penalty of $I,(X)0 and live years irt
prison.

Wheelchairs Can ’tRace

NEW YORK, N.Y. (AP) A Manhattan appeals court
yesterday banttcd disabled individuals in wheelchairs
frortt competing irt tltc New York Marathon. The four-
judge pancl of the Appellate Division of state Supreme
Court vacated a state Human Rights Division order
stating that the marathon sponsor diserinrirtatiort in
refusing to let wltcelchair-ltourtd individuals participrttc
in the l978 marathon. The appeals court said it
disagreed with the agency‘s finding of discrimination.
“Historically, a marathon is a foot race," the jrrdgcs
declared. “Vehicles, such as wheelchairs, are foreign to
the marathon." The panel stressed that the clrrb did not
exclude other disabled individuals. such as the blind,
amputees and victirtrs of diabetes artd trrultiplc sclerosis,

 

from competing on foot in the marathon. Irt addition,‘

tlte judges said, the Roadrunners Clttb “properly barred
individuals who wished to use a bicycle or a skateboard
in the annual race." “The Hurtrarr Rights Law is aimed
at preventing unlawful discrirnirtntion against the disabl-
ed," the judges concluded. “it‘s purpose is not to effect

 

Campus BRiEfs

 

 

See the Rings of Saturn

Photographs front the two Voyager space probes will
be featured at tile April I4 program of the Natural
History Lecture Series itt SUNYA. Altttt Mcltrcr of
Rettssclircr Polytechnic Institute will narrate tltc slide
presentation at it p.rn. irt i.(‘7. The iectrrrc-prcsentrrtion
is open to tire public free of charge rrndcr tltc sponsor-
ship of the university‘s Attnosplteric Science Research
Center of the State Department of limironrncntal (.‘ott-
sctvittioir. ‘

'l'hc Voyager probes are passing tltrotrglt the planetary
systcrtts of .ltrpitcr and Saturn this year and are sending
back to l€irrth a wealth of picltrrcs and infotntatiort
about these litt|c»kno\vrt areas itt space.

Life AfterNuclear War?

 

"ls tltcrc life after nrrclear war'I" Dr. George Saxon
will address tlte question of survival after a nuclear
holocaust at an April I5 meetirtg at the Scircrtectady
County Public Library. Dr. Saxton is one of a growing
number of physicians who are attempting to inform peo-
ple of the dangers of continuing the nuclear arms race
and the idea that a “limited” nuclear war could be
fought and won.

Also on the program will be local singers Joan Kosby
and Paul Mcrecr singing topical songs.

A brief review of area disarmament initiatives and
possibilities will follow a question and answer session.
The meeting, sponsored by the Schenectady Chapter of
Americans Against Nuclear War, Schenectady Friends
Meeting and the Peace Center is scheduled to begin at
7:45 pm. The public is invited to attend. Admission is

L free.

 

radical rule changes in traditional sporting events so that
the disabled may participate." Fred Lebow, president of
the club, said of the decision: “Wheelchair athletes
should be encouraged to compete. it is just unfortunate
that in this case, the runner's safety was in jeopardy,"
He added that the club hopes to promote events for the
wheelchair-bound in the future.

Vet Counseling Debated

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Up to t rtriiliort Vietnam
veterans suffering front psychological battle wounds
may need the storefront counseling centers that the
Reagan administration intends to close, a confidential
government study says. The report, prepared by the
Veterans Administration in November but never made
public, warns that the delayed stress syndrotne already
shown by thousands of Americans who faced combat in
Vietnam “will get worse in the years ahead." Never»
tireless, VA officials defended tlte administration‘s deci-
sion to crit $2“ million from the agcnc 's $24 billion
budget by closing down the 91 centers where former sei-
vicerncrt ltclp counsel their distressed cotrtradcs. The
study cited an estimate that between 500,000 artri one
million veterans will develop post-war symptoms by
I985. According to Yule_psycltiatrisi Arthur S. Blank
Jr., flashbacks, nightmares, insomnia, depression,
witlrdrawrrl ftorn normal activities, memory loss and
guilt about war events already are showing tip in
veterans. "Termination of the program irt Witt-til
would rttcarr that the prograrrt was dismantled prior to
the period of its greatest need." the report said.

Record Fraud Detected

NEW YORK, N.Y. (AP) The Saitt Goody Corp. and
Samuel Stolon, vice president oftlte record-store chain,
were found guilty Thursday of dealing irt $i rrtilliorr
worth of counterfeit tapes of such ltil albums as
"Grease" nttd "Saturday Night Fever." A federal jrrty
in Brooklyn returned the verdict after 42 hours of
deliberation over 5 and a half days. Stolon, 64, of
Queens, was convicted of one count each of copyright
infringement and interstate shipment of illegal goods
and could get a maximum penalty of it years irt prison
and a $35,000 fine. The corporation, one of the nation's
biggest retailers of records attd tapes, cotrld itc fined up
to $95,000 for ttrrcc counts of copyright infringement.

New Courses Offered

The Judaic Studies Department is offerng three new
courses for Fall 'tii.

Dr. Jerrnrttc Eckstein will survey Jewish philosophy as
it ltas developed iii the twcntietlt ccrttrrry United States
in JST 330, Arnericart Jewish Philosophy.

HEB I00, Elementary Hebrew, is a self—paced pro-
gratrt irtstttretcd by Dr. Daniel Grossber'g. Proficiency
tests will b “administered at the completion of discrete
modules; students enrolled irr this course may attend at
Irours convenient to tltcrrt.

l-lUM i9ti. Ancient Mediterranean (.‘ivilirtttiort, is a
second-quarter course which examines several civili/a-
tions on the shores ol [Eastern Mediterranean Sea iii the
ancient period. The course will be instructed by Dr.
Cyrus ll. (Bordon.

For further infornnttiort call the Judaic Studies
Departtttcrtt at 457-5274/5275.

Study in Denmark

A ttcw opporttrrrity for study itt Denmark is being of
l'crctl by Scandinavian Sctnittar. There are two separate
onc»sctttcstcr programs: the first ortc will start at the end
of .lttly arid extend over tltc fall months until mid-
l)cccrriber, the other one will begin in February and e,\-
tend irito .luttc.

No previous knowledge of Danish is necessary for thc
iiall progtartt. After a short introductory course,
students will participate irt air intensive two-week
language course and then spend sortie time with a
Danish fatnin practicing tltc language. From early
Septetttbcr tlte students live and sttidy among Scandina-
vians at Danish Folk Schools (small residential liberal
arts schools), where tltcy will further irttprovc their
language skills and immerse themselves iii the Danish
life arid culture.

The Spring semester program is only for students who
already have sortie knowledge of Danish, equivalent to
at least one year of college study. Tire program consists
of a family stay of several weeks for language practice
and to weeks of living and learning at a Danish Folk
School.

On the basis of a detailed written evaluation, recom-
mendation for credit will be sent to each student's home
college or utiivcrsity. The fee, which covers tuition,
roorn, board and course-connected travel in Denmark.
is $3800 for the Fall semester and $3200 for the Spring
semeSIer program. interest-free loans are granted on the
basis of need. as are a few small scholarships. Applica-
tions for the programs will be accepted until May 15.
For fttrtlicr information write to: SeandlnaviunJ

 

Seminar, t00 East 85th Street, New York, N.Y. I0028.

   

 

 

April 10, 1981 » 4.

Federal Tuition-Tax Credits May Not Manifest : .

Washington. D.C. (CPS) President
Ronald Reagan's pledge to help
students pay for their college edu 't -
tions through a controversial tui-
tiott tax credits plan has been put on
hold.

Tuition tax credits were missing
frortt the president's first tax
package presented to Congress the
second week of Marclt. And
although Secretary of Treastrry
Donald Regan promised tax credits
will be ill the administration’s next
tax package, to be submitted in
eitlter late 1981 or early I982, some
congressional supporters are wor-
ried the president may not fulfill his
pledge then.

Sen. Robert Paekwood (R-OR),
it long-time advocate of tuition tax
credits, says the Wltite Hotrsc pro-
bably will withhold strpporl of tax
credits trtttil it negotiates with Con»
gress about the size of tire credits,
arid when they rtriglrt becotne cl‘t’ec»
tivc.

Yet there is considerable support
now for the idea irt Congress, which
conceivably could pass a tuition tax
credits law proposed on its owtt.

Congress was about to approve it
tax credits law in l978 over the
disapproval of then-President Jim-
rtry Carter. (‘artcr believed that ttri—
tiort tax credits were so irrefficicttt

‘and expensive that lie could dottblc

the size of other student aid pro-
grarrts, which award rnottcy directly
to students, arid still have treasury
rnoncy.

Five-Star

iii. PASO, Texas (AP) The body of
General Omar N. Bradley, tltc na~
tion‘s lust five-star general, was
flown lrorrre by presidential jet
Thursday, as tributes'pourcd in to
tire late military leader and World
War It hero.

Flags fluttered at half stal'fut At—
my and Air Force bases and on
American naval. vessels throughout
the United States arttl its territories
irt tribtrtc to Bradley, tltc first chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Bradley, who was tits, (lied
Wednesday at St. Luke‘s-Roosevelt
Hospital irt New York City after
collapsing at tlte prestigious 21
Club, where he had gone for a
military reurtiott. Hospital officials
said he died of cardiac arrest.

“For 69 years he wore the colors
of an American soldier # with
courage, integrity, professionalism
and, above all, honor," President

Reagan said Thursday. "Evert as he

rose irt rartk, lttrrttility never left his -

side. He was tlte ‘Gl's gcneral‘
because ltc was, always, a GI.“

by Ellen Epstein

break-in irt Brubacltcr 'l-lall, brrt

comment on the incident,

bccrt occasional incidents, there
Alumni Quad.

 

because students forget to lock

hittempted Brubacher Halli
Break-in is Investigated

Police are investigating a male suspect irt art April I attcrtt

dint: to Ptrblic Safety Director .loltrt l-lcniglrun.

At npproxitttittely 5:]0 p.nt. on April i. it female student returned
front class to her first floor room itt Brrrbacltcr Hall on the downtown
carrrptrs and fotrrtd someone “seemingly cutting through the screen,"
said Director of Residences l’nttl Doyle. The student, who would not
immediately contacted the Public Safety
Departmcttt, said Doych but the suspcct had already fled.

Altrtttni Quad Coordinator li/ Radko said that although tltcrc ltave

l-Ienightttt agreed that break-iris are In
rtddcd that there are more attempted break-ins on Alrrrnrti Quad than
on the uptown campus. He explained that the d
situated iii a more residential nci
windows are less secure than rrptowtt ones.

Henighan also said that many of the bre

Congress eventually chose
Carter's program, called the Middle
income Student Assistance Act,
over the tuition tax credit plan,
which Carter threatened to veto.

Since then, however, President
Reagan’s proposal unraveling of
the Carter aid plan. has givcrt con-
gressional support for tax credits it
new life. ‘

Congress is now considering no
fewer than 16 trritiori tax credit
bills, rrtost of which apply to college
as well as elcrrrerttary artd secondary
schools. ,

Basically, tlte bills give tax-paying
students or their parents the chance
to dedrret anywhere from $200 to
$l000 of the amount they pay iit tni-
tiort each year from their tax
payments._

Two of the bills allow for cash
refunds if a family‘s total tax bill is
less than Iltc ainotrttl of tire tax
credit.

()n the elcrtterrtary and secondary
levels, only parents of cltildrcrt itt
private schools eorrld claim credits.
Consequently, the measure is oftctt
criticised as it way of. funding white
flight irtto “scgregtttionist
academies" that spare kids from
bttsittg.

College students — their spouses
or parents -— at both private arid
public colleges would benefit.

Brtt the eligibility of public col»
lcgcs students for the credits worries
rrtiirty private school administrators.

Tax credits, they clairrt, would

\

Albany Student Press ‘

make public colleges much cheaper
while barely affecting private 'col-
lcgcs. '

For example, the tax credits bill
introduced last rnbnth by senators
Packwood and Daniel Moynihan
(D-NY) allows students to subtract

    

50 percent of their tuition payment
from their taxes, up to it maximum
of $250 now, uttd $500 iit 1983.

But taking $500 off the Who-ill
ritediart iii-stale public eollcgc tui-
tiort of $il30 is a lot. rttorc significant
than taking $500 off tltc $3000
average ttritiorr at private colleges:

“independent college students
pay altrtost five times its much as
public college students,“ said
Christine Milliken of the National
Association of independent (‘ol-
lcgcs and Universities. Tax credits,
she adds, “will just expand the ini-
tiort gap between public and irr-
depcrtdcttt colleges.

General Bradley Dies

Tltc blue-attd-whitc Boeing 707
touched down about 3 p.ttt. MST.
Accompanying the cttsket were
Bradley's second wife, Kitty, arid
his aides.

After it short ceretttorty on the
wirtdy airport apron, tltc ling-
drupcd silver-colored casket was
takctt later to a cltitpcl at nearby
Fort Bliss, where Ilre Itrndleys have
lived sirtcc l977.

H Mrs. Bradley was greeted by Maj.
v (icrr. .Ioltrr. ii. ()blingcr, cont»
mandcr of Fort Bliss, and his wife,
Edie. “She was pretty shaken tip,"
Oblingcr said. “She was very
tired.“ “I don‘t tltirrk she has got-
ten arty rcst at all," Mrs. ()blingcr
added.

“He was tltc epitome of a great
soldier,“ said Crcn. Chester Ward,
commanding general of tire William
Beaumont Arttty Medical Center at
El Paso. Bradley ltud been treated
tltcre for arthritis and a series of
strokes that left him irt a wheelchair
dtrring his final years.

After a public viewing irt "re

plcd
Ito ttrt'csl has been made yet, accor-

has been "no rush of break-ins" on
)I common irt tltc dorms, brrl

owrrtown dorms arc
gltborlrood and that downtown dorm

ak-iir problems occur

post‘s rttairt chapel, the body-was to '
be ﬂown Montlny to Wnsltingtmr,
to lie in stnti: m the Nullmtul.

Cathedral.‘A funeral service and
burial itt Arlington National
Cemetery were scltcdrrlcd for ’I'rrcs-
day.

In Europe, where Bradley led one
ritilliort U.S. soldiers in World War
ii, iO—gurt salutes were to be fired at
rtoott Friday at U.S. Army gar-
risons in a final salute to Bradley.

The Pentagon said that, at
Bradley‘s request, music at his
furtcral and burial will included
“Where tire anI' Meets the Surf,"
theme song of the Dcl Murk
racetrack irt (.‘itlifornirr, wlrcrc
Bradley and his wife watched
tltorotrghbrcds race atrrttrally
tlrrotrgh last year.

A Offers to Fund Lighting

SA is willing to contribute
$60,000 towards the installation of
lighting on University Field. accor-
ding to SA Controller lra Sornach.

“This campus is the most
athletically under-financed school
in the SUNY system," he explain-
cd. “We only have 50 pcrcertt of tire
athletic programs rrrandatcd by the
state . . . We proposed several lists
of things we rnigltt do to help
athletics."

He said other ideas such as soft-
ball field fencing or a partition in
the women's locker roorn were pro-
posed, btit rtot cottsidercd as pro-
mising as ligltting.

Lighting on the field would in-
crease attendance at football
games, Sornaclr said, because they
would be night games. This also
rttigltt increase icomtnunity par-
ticipatiort and raise rcvcnrre.

Itt general, he said, “scltool spirit
will be increased. It is already at it

 

DJ

their windows.

pitifully low level. And we might

   

Slte fears the tuition difference
will drain students from private“
schools, which are already suffering
declining enrollments, to cheaper
public schools.

indeed, the Congressional
Budget Office estimates that, of the
six billion dollars that would stay in
taxpayers’ pockets if tuition tax
credits were approved, about 60
percent would benefit public college
students. '

0n the other hand, Stanford
University President Donald Kett-
rtedy predicts that all colleges might
"immediately/up trrition by (the
same amount as the tax credit) rtport
enactrttent of tire legislation."

Supporters -rt that public col-
leges rtccd tltc ct‘cdits because higher
education is often seen as a “luxuiy
expenditure" by families, who are
more apt to defer it when prices and
taxes rise.

But credits, argues Steve Leil'tnan
ot' the (‘oulition of lrrdcpertderrt and
Private University Students
((‘(ti’US), threaten “to rrrrderirrirte
the whole ittlcttl of financial aid
programs," it" only because they are
often perceived as substitutes for
the direct payment programs the
Reagan .zrdministratiorr wants to
cut.

 

it) Judie Iiisenberg

  

the money was raised itr it

irtg them now.
“()rcritll, i think it \rasu success

 

ntotrc) for the itrvcstigirtiott," said

make the Albany cortttrtrrttity get in»
to the act."

Somach said the only negative
aspect is that men‘s sports would
probably benefit more from the
lighting proposal than women's
sports since there's no women's
football.

“Although tlterc are other needs,
tlterc are only a certain rturnbcr of
things you can do with the
$60,000," Sornaclt said. “Brit
lighting seems the mast promis-
ing."

irt addition to SA‘s contribution,
Sorttaclr hopes the University will
add rttoney for maintenance and iii-
stallatiott.

We’d like to get a lot more stu-
dent input," Sontach said. “Wltat
we‘d really like is for people to start
discussing him see if it's a viable
possibility."

He said surveys will be
distributed to students soon on the
dinner lines.

Maternity Concludes
Green Ribbon Drive

A check totaling $7IH.53 was sent to Mttyttrtrd Jackson of Atlanta.
(icotgitt [\pt‘il 3 by the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Sweethearts of;
Kttppu Alpha Psi “I‘d Men Interested in Knrrpn Alt-tint l'yti tn help \‘n “in .
rrw'usrrgurruu'or the cltittlteufst ‘ \ng’.‘ I ‘ “'~   "‘1'" t“
‘c the Children Fund orgitni/cd by the
timer irity. According to Kappa Alpha Psi Vice President Douglas-
Lucas, Iltcgrorrp distr ibuch greet) rilrltotis on tlittitcr litres and around
the campus, tltlti asked for student donations.

the pin pim- of the ill ire, Lucas said, was to raise money for the irr—
\cstiyntion as \\cll as for the parents of cltildtcti slnin itt Atlanta. and
to increase awareness of this situation among SUNYA‘stnrlcnts.

“Our first goal was It! tnise $500,
r'tl crrtrcctrrcrl, so we tried to push for $l,()00."

the fraternity tliillt'l teach their second goal because “after a while
periph- didn‘t really cine," l trcrts‘szrid. "People didn‘t even wear the
ribbon; tltrtt's “but really hurt. l€\ctt if tltcy couldn't give money, they
cottld'w tit lcrist worn the ribbon to show their concern.“

I trcrrs \ttiti, however, that he has seen more people on campus wear—
itt_e the ribbon since the fund drive began, and “people are still wear-

siutlcnts to wear the ribbons uttd we wer ‘ alilc to raise sortie amount ol

 

 

'Page'Tlti-‘ee "

Jerry Rosehwalb of the American
Association of State Universities
and Land-Grant Colleges, argues
that the six billion dollar tuition tax ‘
credits would drain from the
treasury will affect other student
aid programs “if not by causing ac-
tual reductions, then at term by
preventing increases."

“That's a fear among Catholic
colleges as well," adds Patrick
Murphy of the Campaign for
Educational Assistance, a group
formed to champion tuition tax
credits. “Brit we‘re insisting that
schools get every bit of financial aid
and tuition tax credits. There can be
no trading off.“

Otltcr supporters of tax credits,
like Bishop Tltorrras Kelly of the
Corrrtcii of American Private
Education, "would hope that
enactment of tuition tax credits
laws would riot result itt rcdrrclioris
of the overall level of federal
assistance to low.incornc families."

Wltiie critics ‘ttll the plans elitist
because those who worrld benefit
most would be in the Itiglrcst tux
brackets, supporters say they can
solve the problem by installing
"refund clauses" iii the bills. The
clauses would allow the government

1

 

 

 

 

 

" Lucas said, “but students \L‘L‘tlt—

irt that we were able to get a lot of

 

 

Lucas.

 

 

[abutmloblneard
J

‘ SA Controller Ira Somtteh
He is for lighting the ﬁeld. :

