l
l
:s
it

 

:1: t“lilf\‘l_"|:‘l'ii

U.S. Embassg Attacked

SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (AP) Three squads of
guerrillas staged a.rocket grenade attack .on the U.§.
Embassy. doing considerable damage but causing no
casualties. American ofﬁcials said. It was the third strike
at the embassy this month —- and the biggest. Telephone
callers claimed to be spokesmen for the Popular Libera-
tion Forces. one of several leftist groups battling El
Salvador's U.S.-backed junta. told local radio stations
their organization was responsible. The claim could not
be conﬁrmed. The other two attacks on the embassy this
month were blamed on right-wing terrorists. An cm-
bassy statement said two six-man groups sprayed the
embassy building Wednesday with automatic riﬂe ﬁre in

a “diversionary tactic" while a third squad ﬁred a

Chinese RPG-Z grenade at the fourth ﬂoor. The grenade

exploded in ’a vacant ofﬁce. blowing out its windows.

 

' the statement said. U.S. Marine guards and Salvadoran

soldiers returned the guerrillas' fire, the statement said,
but the gunmen escaped. As they ﬂed. they lobbcd a
grenade into a nearby car and demolishedit. “The
tables and chairs are still intact. but the ofﬁce is pretty
messed up and all the windows in it were blown out." an
embassy employee reported. The employee. who asked
not to be identiﬁed, said the same office was the target
last Sept. 16 of another such grenade fired at the
building. No one was injured in that attack either.

Student Protest Halted

ITHACA. N.Y. (AP) Seventeen Cornell University
students. protesting 15 to 18 percent tuition increases to
be voted on yesterday and today, were ejected front tire
president's office after a three-hour occupation
Wednesday. Campus security officers wearing riot gear
removed the students. No city police were called. “Their
action is serious. and we will not negotiate under these
conditions, said President Frank H.T. Rhodes in a state—
ment issued after the takeover ended. There was no
damage reported. but the officers broke a window to
gain entry to the office. The tuition paid by about half
of the undergraduate students was expected to be in-
creased from $5.830 to $7,000 a year. Tuition at the
agricultural and other colleges. which are underwritten
by the state. was to go from $2.470 to $2.880. The
students issued a list of six demands while in Rhodes' of-
fice. including greater participation in the budget-
making process and rejection of the current budget pro-
posal. Officials of the Ivy League university said the 17
students would be prosecuted under the campus code of
conduct on charges of obstructing the bttsincss of the
university, a clause which covers building occupations.
A conviction tinder the campus code can resttlt iii a writ—
ten reprimattd. suspension. or dismissal.

 

 

Joint Custon Bill Approved

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) A bill designed to encourage
courts to award joint custody of children in divorce
cases has narrowly won the approval 01' the state
Assembly. The Assembly approved the bill Wednesday
on a 77-45 roll call vote and sent it to the Senate. where a
similar bill died itt comntittee last year. This year the bill
is being sponsored in the Senate by Sett. H. Douglas
Barclay. RvOswcgo. After nearly two hours of debate.
the bill made it through the Assembly with just one nitric
thatt tlte 76 votes it needed to pass. Judng now have the
prerogative of awarding joint custody. httl do so less
than 10 percent of the time. sttid Assemblyman Howard
Lashcr. D-Brooklyn. the bill's sponsor. Lushcr said his
legislation is intended to “foster” joint custody by
directing the courts to consider that option whenever
one or both of the divorcing parents requests it, A
stronger bill proposed by Lasher last year included it
presumption that joint custody should be awarded
whenever possible. While this year‘s watered-down ver-
sion only directs courts to consider it. opponents said
1 they feared such a preference for joint custody was im-
plicit.

Negotiations Continue

WARSAW, Poland (AP) Negotiations to end Poland‘s
grave new labor crisis continue today with both sides
talking optimistically. However. the goverttmertt's chief
labor negotiator warned Solidarity leaders that elements
of the independent union want a “holy war" against a
government that is Polanti's “last chance.“ Despite ltis
grim words. Deputy Premier Mieczyslaw Rakowski told
Radio Warsaw he believes the nationwide strikes the
labor federation has called today and next Tuesday can
be averted. However. panic buying of food was
reported, and Solidarity chapters began moving t..eir
headquarters into factories for better safety and
organization. Branches of an independent students'

 

 

1.

did. Solidarity chief Lech Walesay had no immediate

reaction 'to Rakowski's warning. He emergedjsmillng'

from a 90-minute meeting Wednesday with himand'sald
the talks were adjournedt for the night 'to await the
results of the government's investigation into the
union's charges that police beat up 23 union leaders a
week ago in Bydgoszaz. an industrial center 170 miles
northwest of Warsaw. “Since there were no conclu-
slons. there was no reason to sit 12 hours or so,”.said
Walesa. But he added: “There would be no talks tomor-
row if there had been no results today." Solidarity has
called a four-hour warning strike today and a general
sit-in/ﬁtrike by its 10 million members next Tuesday
unless the government meets Its demands. chief of which
is the dismissal of officials it blames for the Bydgoszaz
incident. It is the first major strike threat, since Gen.
Wojciech Jaruzelski, the defense minister, became
prime minister last month and appealed for a 90-day
moratorium on labor protests to give his government it
cltanee to formulate and launch an economic recovery
plan.

Atlanta Arrest Made

BEACON, N.Y. (AP) A New York City man arrested
near here in the alleged abduction of a 9-year-old boy
will be questioned by FBI agents in connection with the
killings of 20 black youths in Atlanta. police said
Wednesday. At the time of his arrest Sunday, Frankie
Edmonds, who lives in the New York City borough of
Queens. was driving a van rented in Georgia. according
to East Fishkill Town Police Chief Andrew Criscola.
Officers said Edmonds, who is black. had served time in
a state prison but they did not know for what offense.
Edmonds was ordered held in lieu of $25,000 bail on
charges of ttrtlawful imprisonment and endangering the
welfare of a child. Criscola said. The task force irr-
vcstigating the Atlanta deaths and disappearances and

 

' the F131 in Atlanta were notified of the arrest by town

police, who said they received a call frottt the FBI in
New York City saying agents would intcrvicw Edmonds
in connection with the Atlanta deaths Criscola said. The
time of the interview has not been determined. The
uttidcrttified Beacon boy. who is black. was at a track
near Rornbottt Junior Higlt here when a man who had
been jogging grabbed ltim by the ankles and threw him
into a truck. according to the account given to police.
East Fisltkill Town Justice Robert Alley suiti he would
set a date for Edmonds’ next court appearance. pro—
bably in about two Weeks. Criscolu said police do not
know where Edmonds has been for a period of about
one year.

 

CAMpus BRiEfs

 

Aid May Be Available

President Reagan's proposed $9.2 billion slash in
Federal student loans anti grunts over the next five years
will at least partly be off-set by increased support front
the private sector. according to National Scholarship
Research Service (NSRS) President Daniel .1. Cassid).

Cassidy noted that corporate support to education
last year approached the $1 billion level, more tluttt dou-
blc tltc $450 milliott companies contribttlcd itt 1975.

Estimating that corporttlc donations in 1981 will ill-
crease by approximately 15 percent. or about $150
tnillion. (‘ttssidy observed this will still leave many
middle-income families that previously relied on the
Guaranteed Student Loan and other Federal grant pro-
grams "stranded and looking for help."

“competition for existing scholarship funds. as a
‘ result. will increase substantially in coming months,"
Cassidy noted. adding that the trend is already becom-
ing clearly apparent at the organization he treads. NSRS
has experienced a two-fold increase in inquiries since
President Reagan‘s proposed budget cuts were tmnounc-
ed. he said.

Noting that last year over $130 tttillion in available
educational funds went unclaimed, Cassidy concluded
that generous educational grants will still be/available
for needy stttdents and even many tniddlc and upper
tniddlc ittcotne applicants who "do their homework turd
know where to look."

O I i U
Lenntg to Discuss Movies
“Seen Any Good Movies Lately?" is the title of
SUNYA art professor and local film critic Arthur Len-
nig's Thursday afternoon discussion at the Empire State
Plaza.

Lennig. who reviews ﬁlms for Capital Newspapers. is
a specialist in film history and the biographer of Bela
Lugosi. His April 2 presentation will be held in the
auditorium of the Cultural Education Center at 12:10
pm.

 

. k The presentation is free and all are invited to attend.

--—» r -‘. “7...-..”Wumnwsmtqglwmﬁm.mm

t

u" ‘t I. ""i"r-.¥,
 ' ' ' association'an'ttb‘unied' th'éy'v'vtiuttt‘ liltite it the unlorr - - - - ‘ '

' woodman. _

 
  

tl'i. l‘.‘ t":

.Lun,’h qud Discovered

t NEW-YORK; N'.Y.‘(AP) Twelve persons have been in-

dicted and Six others have pleaded guilty on charges they
defrauded the fedeially funded summer free lunch pro-
gram of $200,000. FBI ofﬁcials said the two-year undel-
cover investigation. dubbed “Apple Core," uncovered
kickbacks and charges for meals not delivered. “There
were low-income. under-privileged children who were
actually deprived of food." said FBI spokesman Ken
Walton. The summer lunch program is administered by
the US. Department of Agriculture but works through
non-proﬁt community organizations. called sponsors,
set up to purchase the food from vendors. The program

' costs $120 million a year, of which $16.million is spent in

New York City and $11 million goes to vendors. Two
million children benefit. “1 think it's clear that this
fraud is widespread throughout the country," said Lee
F. Laster. assistant director in charge of the FBI’s New
York office. He added that the investigation will be ex-

'tended to other major cities. U.S. Attorttcy Edward

Korman in Brooklyn said the free lunch program cater-
ing to needy children in economically distressed areas
was cheated by lite defendants during the summers of
1979-80. Among the defendants were sponsors. assigned
to provide the free lunches at prices usually less than $1
each; vendors. who sold the food to the sponsors. and a
trtrcking firm which transported the free meals to the
sponsors.

Social Security to Increase

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The nation’s million
Social Security recipients will get a cost-of—living irr-
creasc in July. probably of 11.2 percent bttt possibly tr
bit tnore. The increase. smaller than the 12.3 percent
boost predicted by tltc Carter administration two mon-
ths ago, would push the average tnonthly check up by or
least $37 to $371. The exact increase will not be known
tttttil the Consumer Price index for March is released on
April 23. btrt could be 11.3 percent or 11.4 percent ifthe
index climbs at a double-digit pace as it did in February.
Payments increase each .luly if tltc increase in the index
exceeds 3 percent frotn the first quarter of one year to
the first quarter of the next. Last .Iuly. benefits went up
14.3 percent. the biggest jutnp since Social Security \"s
tied to the index in 1975. The maximum monthly pay-
ment to a rctirittg 65-year-old worker would climb by at
least $76 from $677 to at least $753 — to $9.036 per
year. If the worker has at spottcc. the couple could col-
lcct combined payments half again as large. $1,130 a
month or $13,560 a year.

Role of Schools Surveyed d

When asked if they believed teachers should be allow-

cd to use reasonable physical discipline on their
children. 35 percent of the women participating in a re-
cent survcy agreed.
' The survey. cottdueted by Red/molt magazine and
reported in its cttrrcnt (April) issue. also found that the
overwhelming majority of today's parents. 72 pcrcettt
felt that it is the school's resporrsibilily to help teach
children moral values. bttt they do not feel the schools
are doing an adequate job.

Redhook Contributing Editor Dr. Benjamin Spock.
who helped develop the questionnaire. said lie was “very
surprised" by the number of women who sold teachers
should be allowed to use physical discipline.

"I’m against spanking by tettch ' Dr. Spock said.
“because when spanking is permitted it seems easier to
try to settle more anti more problems by blows . . . in»
stead of trying to reach a constructive solution."

Of the 20.000 women who participated iii the survey.
66 percent were between tltc ages of 18 and 29. 87 pet-
ccttt were married. 52 pcrccttt have attended or
graduated frotn collcgc,'ttnd 17 percent have gone to
gradtytte scltool. Most have preschool-aged children
while 37 percent has only one child.

The Retllmu/t survey does not clnirn to be represen-
tative of American mothers as a whole. bttt the authors
consider it representative of todttys better-educated.
ltigher-incomed. young mothers.

Clowning Around

. is?

 

Finally. there's a course you can take in which you're
allowed to clown around. The FHA Center for Dance
and Movement is offering a seven-week circus skills
class. beginning April 6.

Beginners will be tattgltl the basics of clowning.
tumbling. pratfalls. jttggling, unicycle riding. and clown
make-up techniques. Another new EBA offering will be
a Magic Workshop where instruction will be given in
sleight of hand and illusion using everyday objects.

These classes will all take place at the Chapter House
Theater. 351 Hudson Ave.. corner Lark Street in

6-11. EBA is offering the first week of classes free. For

 

 

 

Albany. And in honor of National Dance Week. April

more information, call 465-9916.

 
 

March 27. 1981
' t

w v..~..;.;g‘{.t

Deathpétiaitt‘y

by Frank 011
and Steven Greenberg
‘ A bill to rcehact the death penalty
passed through the New York State
Senate Monday and is expected to
be delivered to Governor Hugh L.
Carey iii the next two weeks. Upon
receipt ofthe bill. Carey has 10 days
to make a decision on it.

Carey must decide whether to
sign the bill into law or veto the bill.
setting up the possibility for a
legislative override. A two-thirds

. majority in both houses is reqttircd

to override gubernatorial veto.
The death penalty has not been itr
effect in New York State since 1972.
In the last four years Governor
Carey has faced the same decision
and has vetoed the bill on every oc-

Mun—aw“

casion. When asked whether he
would do the same this time, the
governor's press secretary Ron Tar-
water replied. "you know the
governor‘shistory." '

The bill passed through the
Senate on March 23 and through
the Assembly on February 17.

The Senate favored the bill by
37-17. showing enough support to
override a Carey veto. In the
Assembly the bill was passed by
91-51. For the second consecutive
year. the Senate is expected to over~
ride, an expected veto. The
Assembly. which has never attemp-
ted to override a Carey death penal-
ty veto. is expected to vote on the
issue this year.

“At this poittt we're one to three

t-tltl,.

. . trons scant Press

It'll)

votes short of an override." accor-
ding to Jeff Coreman. an aide to
Assemblyman George Friedman,
one of three assemblymen to in-
troduce a death penalty bill.

Jeffrey Shapiro. an aide to
Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink.
agreed. saying, “I think they're
lacking three votes." Fink. an'op-
ponent to the death penalty. has
voted against the bill the last ﬁve
years.

Wltlt botlt sides conceding a close
vote. the chance of the death penal-
ty again becoming a law exists.

1f enacted. the bill would provide
that upon‘thc conviction ofa defen-
dant for first degree murder. the
jury tuust tltctt determine, itt light
of the aggravating and mitigating

State May Return to Returnables

by Christopher Koch

After a seven-year battle itt tltc
legislature. New York may once
again have returnable cuns mttl bot-
tics.

Proponents of tltctlcposit legisltt—
tion. or bottle bill. are cottfidcttt
tltttt tltcy httvc fittttlly gttthcrctl
enough support to make New York
the seventh state to switch buck to
returnable bottlcs and cans. Groups
actively campaigning for the bill in-
clude NYPIRG. Tltc League of
Women Voters, and The Farm
Bureau.

However, before it is passed, lltc
bill must overcome stiff opposition
front groups such as the AFL-CIO
and the bottling industry. who
claim it will mean a loss of jobs in
the state. and who. according to
NYI’IRG. spent $271000 in I979
lobbying against the measure.

“The bottle bill won‘t put people
ottt of work. bttt we can‘t convince
labor that it won't,“ said Terrertcc
Cttllctt. legislative assistant to the

sponsor of the bill. Assemblyman
Oliver Koppcll. “We have evidence
proving that it actually crctttcs
jobs."

Cullctt cited a report compiled by
Michigan's General Accounting of-
fice in 1980 which concluded that tt
return to returttttblcs littd brought
an increase of4.8ll8 jobs in the slttlc
against 240 lost iii the bottling in-
tlustt'y in tire first ycttr itt which tltc
htw was itt effect.

The Ail-(‘10 sttitl lit).t)00 jobs
would be lost if the bill was pass—
cd." corrtitutcd Cullen. “but tlterc
aren't even tit).()t)() jobs in the New
York State bottlittg industry to
begin wltlr. They‘re overrcacting to
the situation."

Cullen went on to say that the
conservation gains to be made frotn
the bill would be enormous.
"Vermont has cttt its solid waste
collection by one-third. Litter itt
New York would be rcdttced con-
siderably, and this would redttcc
costs to tire consutttcr because by

 

t

photo: hurl ( Irult

Assistant Director of Public Safety Kurl Sclturl
He said (he came of [/10 fire is .\Ii// ttIttIc/crntiltwl.

U.S. Aid to El Salvador is Condemned

by Julienne Ilostic

Over 250 people tttct at the First
Presbyterian Church on State
Street. Alhttuy on 'l‘ucstltty night to
call for an etttl to US. military aid
to 151 Salvador. according to (‘om-
rnittcc ill Solidarity witlt the People
of Int Salvador ((‘lSl’liS) ntctnbcr
Mike I-‘itzsimmons.

Tltc group gtttltcred at the rally
claimed that the ruling junttt has
systematically usctl .torlure and
assassination to repress the poor of
that country.

The keynote speaker at the rally.
the official representative from the
Democratic Revoltttiomtry l-‘ront

Aroultlo Rumos .sttid lllttl “the fun»
dtuucnlttl cause of thc revolution itt
El Sttlvudor is the economic and
political repression of the people.
not outside forces." ‘

Ramos was referring to clttims by
tltc U.S. govcrntncnt that the
Cuban and Sotiet governments are
aiding the rebels. Ramos declared
thttt these claims are false.

The Democratic Revolutionary
Front is the political arm of the up»
position irt Iil Sttlvtttlor and is corn—
priscti of members of trade. student
and peasant unions. Social
Democrats. ('ltristittn Democrats.
the clergy and lay people.

experience. 95 percent of the bottles
and cttns would be retttrtted. and
recycled ultrtnirttttu is much chcttpct‘
than virgin aluminum."

According to NYPIRG's Judy
littck. the bill is no longer tt conser-
\utitm issue but an cconotttic one.
“\\’c'\c got to go with it as tttt
economic issue hcctutsc no one will
listen to the conservation side of it
anymore. They are concerned with
jobs. Industry is ttfrttid to lose the
non-rel ttl nobles because they would
lose the profits tltut go along with
them. .tntl Inhot' fears it will lose
jobs."

“ltr fact.“ continued Erick.
“these fears don't ltold true. The
bill has created jobs in every state in
which it has missed. and while the
bottlets' profits will be cut into at
first. the money they stand to make
from recycling tnore titan makes tip
for that lit the long run."

“'1 hey have it ntcntal block
against the issue." site tttldctl.

linck sttitl the bill will ﬁlm: its

.t...r.., .

Bill PaSSedby' State L

    

circumstances. whether the death
penalty should be imposed.

The following represent the list of
aggravating circumstances which
would be submitted for jury con-
sideration in determining whether
the death penalty should be impos-

ed in a particular case:

'The intended victim was a peace
officer. engaged in the course of
performing his official duties

OThe intended _ victim was an
employee of the state or local cor-
rectional facility. engaged in the
performance of his ofﬁcial duties at
the time of the killing

'The defendant was serving a life
sentence or had-escaped custody
from a state correctional institution
at the time of the killing

..v .p 1.. by  .
toughest challenge what it reaches
the Assembly Commerce Commit- .
tee. “We've got the votes on the
floor to get the bill passed." site
said, “but opposition front labor
and industry is so intense that it
might get killed in comtnittcc.

.- ..., g . M ,
without a chance of it even getting

Page Three

...V....-.s’.r.ss

scram..-

'The intended victim was a witness
to a crime and the death served the
purpose of preventing the victim's
testimony, ' '
'The death was caused pursuant to
an agreement with a person other
than the intended victom to commit
the crime in expectation, of the
receipt of anything of pecuniary
value
'The victim was killed while the
defendant was in the course ofcom-
mltting. attempting to commit.'or
in the course of immediate ﬂight
after committing any of the follow-
ing felonies: robbery. burglary. kid-
napping. arson, rape, sodomy in
the ﬁrst degree. sexual abuse in the
first or second degree

continued on page seven

to the floor."

Despite strong opposition to the
proposed measure. both Buck and
Cullen are confident that it will
pass. They said evidence from

eonlinucrl on page seven

Security Investigates Quad Fire

by Ilrucc l.ev_v

The cttttsc of Monday night's fire
iii an ltting Hit” suileroom on State
Qutttl is still undctcrgnincd. accor—
dittg to Assistant Director of Public
Safety Krtrl Schurl.

"We rcttily dotr't know ltow it
started. It could have been someone
throwing a cigarette accidentally. or
someone dropping a lighted
match." stud Schorl.

Stcvctt Heffer. one of the
students living in the suite in which
the fire began, said, “There was a
pile of newspapers and garbage ly-
ittg on the floor itt the suite. Me and

[ill/ubth Nolan of tire Peace and
Justice Commission of tire Catholic
Diocese of Albany said that tttmty
groups are gathering throughout
tltc country to discuss American in-
terests turd intervention in 131
Salvador. "Iii Sttlvtttlor tntrsl tlclcr-
tnittc its own iticrrlily." Nolttn said.

Recently. President
Rear-1m proposed to send $25
million and additional military atl—
visots to El Salvador.

\ssernblyman Fritttk Barhttro.
the Labor Committee chair. com-
pttred American military interver
tiott in El Salvador to_tlte crisis in
Viet Nam. He claimed that military

.......s....m..m. .“a.._a.d.w.m.nmmm.v.~.wc m mm 1.1 ....-

Ronald ‘

Steve (suitcmnte Steve Weinrch)
took half of it down to the garbage
and then went back into our
rooms."

Heifer said ltc then heard a
neighbor screaming. so he cztmc out
of his roont anti saw the pile of gttr-
hage anti tt chair “hurtling with
about three-feet flames."

Heffer said he threw a cup of
water over the fire and suitemutc
Mark Rosenstein rain out “and
grabbed the fire extinguisher and
put out the fire."

“The alarm then went off and we
left the building." Heffer added.

aid to El Salvador is intendctl to
keep the junta itr power.

"When the President of the
United States cart say that we are
sending military advisors  we
cart say ‘Viet Nant.‘ " said liar-
baro. I

In the New York State Assembly.
Barbaro said ltc will introduce a
resolution calling “upon the corn
gress of the United States and Presi-
dent Reagan to cease military aid to
El Salvador until the junta stops the
torturing and killing of people
fighting for freedom in El
Salvador. ,

continued on page seven

SUNYA Police and Quad Co-
ordinator Patti Snyder then ques-
tioned the students, Weittrcb said.
“They thought we were having a
bonfire...and that we lighted the
fire in our own suitc'room on pur-
pose," ltc commented.

RA Mitch Flick said that he got
track to the dorm after the alarm
went off. joined two other RA‘s
and found tlte suite where the fire
began. "If they knew about the fire
and had put it out, they should have
told us about it instead ofjust leav-
ing." Flick added.

According to Heffer and
Weinreb. they were all taken to the
Public Safety Office in police cars
arid were “questioned in separate
rooms."

Scharl said the students were

taken to the station to discuss
“what could come about from the
fire.”
“it was difficult to question them
with a lot of oth 'r students around.
In the station. things could be
discussed in confidence." he said.

Scharl added that two of the
students have been referred to State
Quad Judicial Board.

The students confirmed that two
of them were to appear before the
judicial board. but declined to
specify which two or wiry.

Another of the students. Rich
Seidman. said that their rooms had
been searched for "gas or other in-
cendiary devices."

 

 

 

