  
    
    

i
'i
:l
l
t

 

 

 
  

 

menu: ’1“! S
:m it: in: 5
Farm 4LLEJCLHE: :r Ww13ti.§aﬂ5. um; nu:
ruiru *tru nurm airizu men in '
‘MICE'. Mas .mlui; .ii an: win 'trrr musings
v:t :‘tht's Carina.
,‘mnmrms mm rim :1qu. Jun! resume: 1mm

0" he Federal Communications Com-
, abrasion. Big Emma/35 Sim:

end Pods and Red-cement: the nu:~
dons broadcasting  airs: show at? its.
cum. ﬁve days a WEIR. Pro-ﬁrmed by moon."
rains of paperwork directed by volumes of
ruins and agitation-.5. and among an eil~siar
cast- ot’ bummer?! Waiting Game" is on
the at: The back. or" requests to be corr-

Andrew Carroll

  

 

 

 

.—'-_.i:.:ru s

 

 

ttai 'zrrr 'illr’: "cm i

 
  

IKH‘tiZLI:

 

:Imu'

1m lumping
Uill'fdnlimlhﬁ ’1'

UIIIUIZ
Ci:

      
  
 

 

1‘. ceczune

"it: start JIM}le mun:

'0 To

The Waiting Game ls Over

TilCJiitzti:
airing in
SilCHrilﬁfir am: T“ 1 TL”
minimum .urr: :truixre : :.ul n i want,

Lilli! ‘riar. rum. .1 mum utur 'rtru: men 1mm
unit ‘hu ares: taming. Tie insrwuukhu «-
stunted 'trtn 't‘iu .mutltxuiizn Mas unimpaired

4‘

   

in good mews. bad news fashion The go:
news was this: yes. it was gone feasible to
slide up to 1.00 at 91 mhz imagehem. .r
.51 But the 13531 rte-us Unrrzr Caileg.'§
WRUC was on be same fracture.“ , and as
Mr: obrecrs can‘t Log. :he same :iace
re same time, woo-u have {Q be m: ted r
another incaocn

other problems emsred as well Parr 1-7.5
.3171": me r-‘xMC 3nd 391 signals 1. n-

 

 

 

09:

a

 

 

. llllfl‘.

Mill-K." .1 t'ltll'li

 

‘tsr iwl‘tltt

gutters r~ l m

m: zit. :zul :mm a mum aiur sci: r tau-m

  

mull-Nun; Judi. Iii-auburn
MOI lun- Staining-up

 
 

maan member dc.»
befzre Tin-2', porr-

{Tr-273i r'O prose :7»? Staff! .

    

back to the engineer Inn's ' rob zine
' 5 piece The

 

appl' “anon loaf been m :12

   
 
 
 
    

:u; new; car.— _ use appl

proved and WCDB would must:
A saris:
me fame

we record .....

 

 

1- creams";

 

    
    
   
      
     

 

 

 

' to sax :fidt WCDB can

more start-3n. though no

 

.‘1 '  some of
' wines of disc
.i-z ay a large

.

 

' ilafli have
s '5 speCific
' is present

iii to Fr
Wsu It is air
gill/z and

v'ilm’d then
if mainly

  

. ;. Ildi‘ some
a ‘ . r :iCiflt‘ 'l'hird
_r~ as well as

. . it. .Iirum and

.{yitillﬁ the up

it [l.\' titties listed

I ‘ “.mirii? who has

 

'l-Ci‘ii‘r rm; to can Hill!“ 10 hear

( .

 

 

" H . D J has a curfewrrc x‘au’  we.”
. muses .i didactic days. The Fume-urn “are, "..‘i\ ' '

        

     

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

A Rocky Past, A Solid Presence

0? cu feel it when you walk In.
J The air is thick with excitement.
the walls are covered with promo-
tional posters and scheduled meeting
anouncements. There is a constant Influx of
dedicated people, buuing with the latest
news from the industry or with some great
new programming or promotional idea. The
News and Sports people run in and out

Joanne Weiner

 

 

checking irraiiboxes and checking the AP
machine.

Loud music fills the room. forcing
everyoire to raise their Voices to a scream
level. Why not lower the music so everyone
can hear? No way Music is the drivrrrg force
that keeps WCDB alive These people need
music like We need food and water. And at
all cost. it must be played at top volume

More dedicated people you haw ttl‘\'L‘t
si-i'n. They feed oii one arrotlrer's thrills.
(llt\‘i’.~i and occasional defeats. They Work
together and i'orirliirri' ltilt’i's with an on
tliusitisni that can't bi- irratclri-d

The road has tiot been an l'il‘rU ItliL'
Wlllil‘l's lillllll‘i' lri'iiiirritrrgs paint a colorful
piittrri’ for an outsidi't

Tlri' i‘lirorrologi.‘
tlrlli" as far but i; a~ l‘liifl,\vlri’ir illi’ station‘s
founding lilllli'i\ tlt'\‘i‘lii]1\’ll ideas to for
initiate a campus AM station in 1902. the
university gow the Albany State Radio (itiild
its sanction to begin the construction and
operation of a catiipus broadcasting facility.
The station. first called WCFAJlien WSCA.
talked of eventually expanding to FM broad-
casting.

in 1903. after years of planning and
dedicated Work. WSUA signed on the air
from a makeshift studio—a jaiiitor's closet in
the basement of Brubacher Hall.

in 1905. the station began expanding
broadcast to the then new uptown carripus.
one quad at a time. Willi the use of carrier
current. the students could only pick up the
station on the AM band by plugging their
radios into an electrical outlet. in this same
year. the station became an ABC netWor'k
affiliate and moved from a classical and jazz
format into a more rock oriented organizar

Specialties Of 1' he House

sounds to come from the station.

tion.

The station's programming turned
primarily Top 40 in 1968. Listenership in-
creased tremendously as accessibility
became available to all four quads. In this
year. the first Great Dane basketball game
was broadcasted by WSUA.

1909 was a crucial year in the station's
history as the first progressive rock was aired.
The News department expanded their
coverage to include campus violence and
national news events in New York and
Washington.

.\ .\\'

Student Association stepped in the follow
trig year with its first funding for an FM sta-
tioir. The University sanctioned the station
the opportunity to move headquarters up-
town. Also. 1970 saw the first Great Dane
Football broadcast.

The construction of the new studios was
completed in 1971 and 24 hour broad-
casting filled the campus dorms willi music.
games and special features.

Official word was received from SUNYA
President Louis lienczet in 1972 endorsing
the concept of an FM station. The students
arid administration immediately began

The varying sounds lie baSically in the difference between tau fusion and older jazz tunes.
but all of the .locks play a pretty good mixture

The special irw show. Jazz Spotlight is on

Sunday afternoon This show explores tale a

bit further, as it i‘oni’entiatt's on different styles or 41111518.!” the toll of a certain tinri' period.

Notes From The Underground
Tuesday night from 11 to 2.

This show has undergone many changes sir
designed
satility developed iii the stations' regular prt
gressiye mosri

At this point. Nirti's l rour 'l'lri- Undergroun
progressive sounds 'l’lrrs last t'li‘lil
the fact that Wle )li lrt~-. a blur i'orriirritiitent ti
District.

The Notes l)..l ls lu~itoiy albums. stitgli's ant
Avenue (They also buy (llllli' a few lll llri' prove
"ni'vui heard bi'fiiii'" artists. as Well as pt'rforin

pie play tunes front
record labels
dedicated \vork oti the part of the staff to he

Notes froin the Underground is important not only
but also because of its unique sound .ioin tl

through radio exposure
listen to Notes relrgrously and learn the meani
you'll be able to hear this music

Blast From The Pill
Sunday night.8:.’1() to 12.

WCDB would simply iroi be complete wit
Felix lavorone. Every Sunday e
Collection to match the thousands of tunes in

doubtediy one of the most popular radio shows in Albany.
off the hook with re

as a sh: rw which \yould feature progressive sounds and soul

How they get tiicsv songs is a mystery

ice its inception last st'rirvstirr. it was originally
However. as the ver-
rgr'anrnrrng. 1).! 's began playing more prov

ii plays llli’ piogrr'sslyi'. llll’ soul and the ilery

cut of llil' ‘rllil\\"\ pi-rsi >|irtl|1L‘ is the key r it i'lll|)llrlSl/.("~i

r bringing all llli' rtiirsrt they \ an ll r the Capital

l l'. l‘ 's fruiir Worlth lii'i or‘ds on Central
as ) Along Willi tlrusc tunes. fltt' Notes peo-
i-i's irot yet signed to
that can only be explained by the
lp unknowns gain some further recognition.

for its ability to “Springboard” artists
re group of people who
rig of radio versatility, ‘)1 FM is the only place

hour the presence of “Rock ‘n' Roll Tailor."

ventng. Felix brings in thousands of tunes from his personal

the CD13 library. The resulting product is un-

Fellx and an occasional uest DJ.)

          

 

 

establishing an Editorial Board in anticipa-
tion of the final okay.

Efforts and drive continued to increase as
the reality of an FM station moved closer and
closer. WSUA management began several
attempts to complete an application for an
FM construction permit. They even went as
far as hiring consulting engineers to complete
the application!

in 1976. the application was finally sent to
the Federal Communications Commission.
Soon after. the FCC announced that
SUNYA‘s request would be used as a test

.-.-/

    

case. further delaying official action

The construction permit was finally
granted by the FCC in the ensuing months.
The call letters WCDB were allocated. space
in the Campus Center was designated for ex-
panded studios and construction began.

With the turn of the New Year and com‘
])l(.’llt)tl of construction. WCDB applied to
the FCC for final authorization to begin
broadcasting.

On March 1. 1078 at 4 pin. the “On The

Air" light flashed and WCDB's maiden
broadcast rgrig through the campus. Spr-

plays the oldies

From Row Center

Monday night. 11 to 12. and Saturday riighl. B to 9.

This weekly special features live concerts. recorded in England and around the US. Sta-
tion listeners can hear two concerts every week with shows ranging from vitage Pink Floyd,
to The Who. to New Wave. Concerts are supplied courtesy of the BBC rock hour.

Album Of The Week
Thursday night. 11:00.

When the weekly batch of new releases arrives at the radio station. new releases directors
and various station executives get together to decide which album is playedon the Album
Of the Week show. This special treatment. combined with various station an-
nouncements. serves to give the album a push

Brazen Dang
Sunday night. from 123 to 3%,

This show focuses upon obscure sounds in rock 'ii' roll. Music from small labels and dif-

ferent roiit‘epts in rock music are also explored.

Classical Music
Sunday morning from h' to 11

This show explores classical iirusic and its place in the Albany community.

Special Of The Week
Thursday night. 11 to 12

The Special Of The Week is a study of the songs. words. and thoughts of a specific artist.
A different artist is chosen every week as the individual D.J. picks the
This iii-house production is unique in that it gives a more detailed
a description one cannot find from just listening to regular
shows. Some of the past weekly specials dealt with Lou Reed and Peter Gabriel. and one
show featured a Beatles tribute. complete with guest Beatle experts.

special interest in.
perspective of performers —

Sunday Perspectlvc
Sunday night, 8 to 8:30

Carole Levitt and Mike Haggerty host this show with a guest political scientist or historian -
from the University. Together they discuss current national and international events. and
their int act on the mile 9 and outside communities. The show provides possible answers

p g —Ilob Bdolltcln

to questions in world debate.

— music up until the year 1973. it's a Show not to be missed,

trrgsteen's “Born to Run" appropriately
ushered In the celebration of a long awaited
dream come true. r

Since then. WCDB has had. of course, a
large turnover of executives and staff. With
each year came a new priority and a new in-
spiriatlonal channel. in 1979. the station
promoted its first Rock Night at the Rafters
which set a tremendous precedent for the
now semi-annual celebration.

The 1980 presidential election provided
another exciting project for the station. With
reporters in New York and Washington. they
received round-theclock phone calls with
the most recent results. They served as host
for the entire College Radio Election Net-
wurk.

Promotions became a iilgb priority.
Record company relations increased and
relations with local promoters and merCliirrits
hit an all-time high. in December of 1980.
WCDB (ll-SPUHSUTL’d The Vapors concert at
the l'lullabaloo after overcoming tremendous
obstacles on local and national ll‘UL’lS. The
Vapors concert marked the highest atten-
dance record of the Hullabaloo.

Starting tll lllt‘ spring of WW). the station's
l'xi'lllilVi' board lwgart titti-nipts to Increase
the station's wattage trorn lit to tilt!
lighting bureaucracy from the FCC and the
University, the driw never died in the
\UIttlL’t of NHL irri'nrbeis of the t‘MICltllVC
iroaid got fed up Will] red tape and took a
road trip to Washington to personally knock
on the door of the FCC

This month. April 8th to be exact. WCDB
received official notice from the FCC to iri-
crease the wattage. Another major ac-
complishment for WCDB. and yet another
momentous occasion. The station's dedica-
tion just won't quit.

Their energy is boundless. their skill uni—
que and yet. they're Just a bunch of ordinary
college students. Together they have set
precedents. broken records (not vinyl ones!)
and created a most successful college radio
station. They feed on music and grow from
cooperation. They work a 24 hour day arid
wish for 25. They strive under pressure and
never give in. These people were Born To
Run.

artist he has a

 

  
  

 

 

 

