    

 

 
 

     
     
  

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

iﬂ-l ‘" media A‘ﬁ .. ‘

   
 

‘ looms»

 

 

'r . . I 0

Burnout Drinks Again

LOS ANGELES. Calltomla (ASP) To celebrate her vie-
tory in the $1.6 million libel suit against the National
Enquirer. Comedian Carol Burnout got drunk while in a
public restaurant. “Let's see ‘em write an article about
this one.” she was heard to say as she drunkenly stumbl-
ed betWeen tables.,ln an intoxicated interview. Burnout
revealed that her understudy. Vicki Lawrence, has been
getting drunk and going to Hollywood restaurants in an
attempt to get the National Enquirer to write a
defamatory article about her so she can sue. also. “yield
did always try to be like me." said Burnout.

—_—__—'.-——-————'—'
I

Poland Joins SASU

WARSAW. Poland (ASP) In a surprise move. Polish
Labor Solidary leaders annotrnced plans to join the Stu-
dcnt Association of the State University (SASU).
Solidarity chief Lech Walesa said. “Our grorrp was very
impressed with the fact that SASU has been able to stop
every tuition hike ever proposed. That's the kind of
strength we rteed to deal with the sovicts." Lech said
SASU President Jim Spurncd's idea to hold a “'lent (‘i-
ty“ on the lawn of the Polish capital was wltat rcrtlly
sold ltis group. Wlten reached for comment. Spurned
stIRl "it will be great to use my tlretoric against
someone besides Chancellor Whip'enr and the Board
of 'l‘t‘nstccs.“~

Soviets Attack Capitol

WASHINGTON. l).('. (ASl') In a surprise attack
yesterday. 5t)| Sm ict Wrrrplanes latrnched art air attack
trpott Capitol Hill. The rrlttrel. dettrolislred two tltirds or
the area. killing 300 and wounding sotrrc 1.500 tuore. It
is reported that Secretary of Strrtc Alexander Vague was
orte of the first to go. dying within seconds of being hit
by a Soviet warhead. ’l he srteak attack also destroyed
the Wltitc House and parts of (‘ongrcss. clirttinatinr-
some 350 congressional seats. The Kremlin cotrld not be
reached for corttment. not could President Raygun. who
was vacationing. itt San Salvador.

Nuke Resort Planned

HARRISBURG, Pa. (ASP) Con Ed announced today
that the damaged nuclear reactor on Three Mile lslartd
would be tttrrred into a resort. “It's a financially sorrnd
idea." a Con Ed spokesman explained. “when all those
kids come down here to protest, they need a place to
stay. Besides. we rnigltt just as well trse the reactor for
something.“ The spokesman said he did not see any
potential health hazard to guests. “As a rttattcr of fact."
ltc said‘, “the people who ltavc visited the reactor seem

 

 

' to enjoy it. When they leave. they always seem to haven

certain glow about them." The spokesman said Con l-Zd
is ctrrrcntly lookirtg for it few good men to begitt clctttt-
rrp operations in the reactor. He said the corrrpany hopes
to have the resort open in titne to celebrate next year's
Three Mile Island anniversary.

Cartless Tries Bras

PLAINS. (leorglu (ASl’) 'l'herc's been rtrrrclt speculu-
tiott about whatever happened to ct-l’tcsidcnt .limtny
('ttrtless. Some say he‘s writing his memoirs. Some say
he‘s ottt drirtking with his brother liilly. Still others say
he‘s working for a slca/y law firm on the lower end of
Manhattan.’ Actttally. he's working as a l’laytp
salesman. “I gotta have some means to support my wife
and little Amv." the err-President said with a grin.

Stens Make Out

WASHINGTON. l).C. (ASP) Seven senators on
Capitol Hill were indicted yesterday on charges known
as “hribo-stcn." said one top government official. The
ofﬁcial said that the senators were caught trying to ca-
jolc secretaries into leading them their supply roorn keys
to gain access to limited supplies of red llair pens. The
senators thought that'having access to these pens would
allow them to sign more classified doctrrnents. The FBI
became suspicious of these senators when they noted
more "Hill" secretaries with the new thin-type lighters
and tortoise shell combs. By placing bugs in the lapels of
the sceretarlcs' Bill Blass suits, FBI agents were able to
locate the ﬁendish plotting senators.

 

 

Correction

in the Kick In he ASP's Weather Section it was incor-r
rectly reported that last Thursday was warmer than last
Friday. In fact, Friday was colder.

' ﬁtematT—l ' " ht se“?

moscow. ussn'tAsr)‘sbvret leader Lenold Bresnev
today challenged President Ronald Raygun to a food
fight. According to Soviet sources. the Soviet, Premiere
“became very exciied after watching the food fight in

J .l

” flit.”-
handful’ot‘ hair out of his head. “l~drank a glass of
PCB’s amonth ago," Carry said, "and got little more
than a violent'nerve disorder." Carry said that after he
drinks the radio-active water. he expects people to de-
mand radio-active waste sites in their neighborhoods.
Carry also stated that he was planning to launch a “I
Love Radio-Activity" campaign.

 

the American movie Animal House. First he '
that John Belushi be captured and brought to him. Then
he asked to speak to President Raygun." In
Washington, the president readily accepted the
challenge from his hospital bed.

Vixon ’s.Breaking In

NEW YORK, N.Y. (ASP) Former President Richard
M. Vixon announced yesterday that he is trying to break
into show business as a means of returning to his old
position as President of the United States. “I figured it
worked for Ronnie (Raygun) so I may as well try it." he
said. He ttlso added that he badly wanted to return to his
fortttet positiort. because “I think I've got it right now."
Vixon is presently trying to get a part in,thc Broadway
production of “(‘hildrcn of a Lesser God.“ “i feel cott-
fidcttt about this one.” Visort said. “I think I'm jttst
right for that play."

Burnout is After Us

LOS AN(.‘I-‘.l.l'3."i, Cullf. (AHI’) —— Urgent Update
(‘onredrttn ('arol llurnotrt and Vicki Lawrence have jtrst
atrrtorrrrced they are" " a joint lawsuit against Kick ill
the ASI’. litrrnout said tltcy would be asking for $3.2
million. “That World ('rrpsnlc was defamatory," lltrr-
ttottt charged. "lit-sides, we're ltcctt lltllllilly for rrrooey
since tlte ('u/‘ti/ Iltrr'ttnt/I S/ttttv wctrt olf the air and it's
getting |1tel|_\ expensire to drrrrk in Hollywood."

g to Shine

 

 

'r:

Carr

ALBANY. N.\'. (ASP) “l'll drink a glass ol ratlro
arctirc \\rrslr' water  said (im. llr-lrl .( rrI ry at art ttltct
noon news conference. "i want to short e\etyotre that
radio tlt'lll\ ity is sale." salt! the (iotetrror as he pulled .r

(,7

Jockey BRiEfs

 

 

' SASU Bites the Bagel

SASU President .lirtt Spttttted artrtottrtccd yesterday
tltat SASU will ctrd its continuing fight against next
year's tuition and rootrr rettt increases. artd will sell
bagels to raise tltc fttttds instead.

“We‘re tired of fighting,“ said Spurned. “Tent City
flopped. people laughed at out SUNY secession
ccretttony. ttrtd tltc Kick it! I/lt‘ ASP only devoted ortc
uholc front page to lrtst ’l ucsday‘s rally.“

“.lintmy‘s tight." said SASlJ Vice President .latt-is
l'iue. "We're going to focus on something practical
from now on.“

line protttised there will be a wide selection of poppy
and plain bagels sold for Slit) each.

Montanerofest Planned \

Plans for this year's Mayfest celebration have been '

l'ittali/cd at last and there have bectt many changes. ac-
cording to llCll l't'sidcnt l)a\c Montct‘arlo.

“in order to cut dowtt on the ntrmbcr of towrries at-
tending, we decided to change the location to Yankee
Staditttn ill the lirom.“ said MontcL‘arlb. "And we're
set ring drinks in plastic Iiplock bags with straw's because
we httd a big problerrt last year with brokctt glass front
beer bottles."

The bands for tire celebration ltttve also been chosen.
"The Grateful Dead, liilly Joel. and Tatntny Wyrrette
lrnve agreed to play." MontcCarlo said. “We here at
UCli thought their distinctch strains of music would
blend harmoniously."

MonteCnrlo has estimated that 37.000 would attend.
He also revealcd the new ttatue for the celebration ——
Montanaro- fest.

Spatsky Strikes Oil

Sheister Spatsky arranged a business deal this week to
sell SUNYA to the Exxon Corporation.

“It's a great idea." exclaimed Sputsky. ".lust tltink of
how much more money SUNYA could take in, being uf-
fillntcd with Exxon. ll‘s rmrclr more profitable this
way." ‘

Exxon sources are also thrilled with the idea. and pro-
mise a smooth transition from SUNYA as a state-run in-
itltutlon to a corporate-run one.

Spatsky added the agreement speelf led him an the sole
handlerof all the-financial aspects. “l lave it." he said.

Rygun Guts Trees

WASHINGTON. D.C. (ASP) President Raygttn att-
nounced today that he will begin an all-out media cam-
paign to push for the cuts he has advocated. “We've got
to cut 44 billion trees or our country will fall into ruin,“
Raygun stated. “Especially those rcdwoods in Califor-
nia. These beastly trees have been the cause of more
pollution and waste titan all the ears in Detroit." he add~
cd. Raygun said he plans to utilize the trees in a mass toe
.cabin»lurilding program. to help spttr the ll.S. back to
"the good old days."

_______"—————————"
Fakewell to Pose Nude

NEW YORK. N.Y. (ASP) ImmoralMinority lender
.lak'c Fakewell will appear trade in the May edition of
Playgirl. liakcwcll announced ltis intent to appear in tire
maga/inc at it rtoorrtitrte conference at the Hilton,
Following tltc conference. the immoral Minorin l'adet
stripped for reporters who threw ttrorrcy at him as he
danced to disco music. “l‘yc always wanted to do that,"

ltc said afterwards.

Bomb Either One

WASHING'I‘ON. l).(‘. tASl’) “l‘rn not going senile
attd "San Salvador is not \"ietrrrrnr" were the rrrairr
potrtts President Ronald McKay-gun emphasized in a
ttltitttilty news conference. Since the President‘s attempt
to the nuclear missiles at California. lllliltlls of lrrs
setriiity and, therefore. inability to hold office haxc tllll
rampant. When questioned at the conference. bit-Ray
gun only said. “'I here you go again. I almost made .r
mistake. So what?" Mcliay-yntr also stated. “San
Srtltatlot is not Vietnam. llrcy're t\\o tlillctcttt t'tllill'

ttics."

WCDB Explodes with Power

\\’(‘l)|l ‘ll-l-‘M has finally gotten its long—awaitedfor
power increase. tttlsltty the campus station from it) to
llll) watts.

llowcver. \\’('|)ll (ictteral hrlanagcr (lent Diamonu
said the station won‘t be broadcasting to a larger atr-
diencc. 'I'hc staliort blew up seconds after the increased
power was lttrttctl on.

"‘it was like seeing art old friend dic." said Diamond.
who escaped the explosion unscathed. "lint it was kind
of exciting —- all that power I

W('l)li is presently being closed down attd restored
with the use oI'SA funds, Diamond said. but would pro-
bably resume broadcasting in time for tire l’all ‘84
semester.

Reporters Take Revenge

Responding to an urgent phone call from a frantic
Mark (yott liar!) Stein frottt the Astronomy Club. Kick
in the ASP pseudo—jointtalists liaby Sextuplcts attd
('ooties ln-Yout-lhnget raced to the dark and ominous
roof of thc i-Zat'tlr Science building with two l’hony Scr-
\icc photographers.

'l'lte obseriatory telescope. which is
ccrtrcrrtcd to tire building's foundation. inexplicably fell
over, etrtr'apping tlte body of a former SUNYA stndettl.

Stein said that the unidentified lying object \‘tts ill a
great deal of pairt. brtt “this was a great story. so i called
you grtys first.“

He added. however, that the victim wasn‘t ttpset
because he "no longer felt a thing."

After stepping over tltc body. tlte' reporter's artd
photographers lifted the‘ two-tort telescope upright arid
caught a great view of Saturn with its rings.

"All irt all. it was a great way to get out of the ol'l'icc,‘
said lrt-Yonr-llurgcr.

normally

Obstacle Course-Taking

Prc-rcgistration procedure for next fall's classes has
been changed. according to Center for Undergraduate
Education (CUE) Director I:.A.0. SL‘llWltt'll.

Students rrrrtst now pick up their registration cards at
(‘Uli and have their advisors sign them.

The cards must tltert be stamped by Queen lice irr the
State Quad Cafeteria. initialed by Alrrmrtirt Quad (‘oor-
dinatornLhes Radically. held up to the telescopic lerts in
the observatory on the roof of the Earth Science
building, and salivated on by l-lcnway-Dog on hrdlan
Quad.

The cards can then be brought to the new Grand
Hyatt Hotel in New York City, where registration will
be held.

Students who do not complete pie-registration within
one heur must pick up new cards at CUE and begin the
procedure again.

. I lwlnat'l

 

y

I.

 

 

 

  

Foolsday, 189]

...

   
   

Departmental Accounting Advisor llalry Canine

Also - '
Prophet. Soot/tuner. Ml’S/lt'fl'tllll [/10 Earl. lltv ()lll/Iilmll'lll

Kick in the ASP

 

Raglan, Tres

Don’t‘Count on Graduating

by Fish Machete

The University Senate voted
unanimously yesterday to pass a
distribution requirements bill sub-
mitted earlier this month by the
Committee on Distribution Re-
. qurrcments. The bill mandates that
students. to graduate. will ltave to
complete 60 to 72 general require-
ment credits in addition to those re-
quired for their major.

“There was strong support
among faculty that there should be
some sort of distribution re-
qtrirements on campus." said Dan-
nyerics Wolf. Dealt of the College
of Science and Mathematics and
chair of the committee. “Tltc facul-
ty and committee were undecided
on just how many credits should be

Ugh Carry Drives Them to Drink

by Alias Stttlllt

The lyrics to “All Nigltl Long"
tire now being lntrtrtned by students
and bartenders alike now that (lov.
Ugh (‘ar'ry's beer bill, allowing bars
to stay open 24 hours. passed
through the legislature latc yester-
day afternoon.

Assembly persons were not
available for comment. as they were
recovering front itntrrcrtse
hangovers gotten by celebrating the
new bill's passage last rtigltt. ()nc
assembly person was overheard to
say this morning: “The only pro.
blerrr with all night drinking is all
day hangovers."

('arry, however. stated his
r ursons for passing the bill in a re—
cent liar arid l’ttb Association
Assembly. “This bill will bring
rrrorc jobs for but help and the li»
ttuor industry. Also. it’s safer to

Student diligently taking notes.
S/tt‘ Itjl't her rtt/r/u-r (lite/cit (ll llollre.

 

drive after dawtt if you're polltrted.
Arid students will find it a release to
stay ttp until 5 run. to droer their
worries about litt.‘ new htrdgct
cuts."

Mayor Atr‘estus Corny. however.
objects to the new bill. “Willi all
that stttdcrrt drinking, Albany is go-
itrg to Hit” irtto another New
l'ttlt/l"

ltt spite of the controversy. local
bars began stockirtg their shelves
yesterday irr anticipation of the
drinking irretease.

“.thn parties start to fir/Ic. my
bat is gonna boil." claimed Lamp-
shade Post ()wner Fillitup Snbino.

O'B'anny‘s. Washington‘s
('avcrtt. and The Long Trunk
owners have alsop promised new
artd exciting drink specials such as

Baker's Do/crt Bullet-Makers.
Wt, ~ _r'
i r ‘r

 

rrtcreasingly»price—raiscd liloody
('ttrry's. arid Nancy Raygrtrt ('ltarn-
pagrte lit'ttnches.

()ne SUNYA student with blood
sltot eyes eotnrrrertted on the new
bill. "Now i don't ltavc to go otrt itr
the cold to grab a cotrple of sixes at
Wall’s (irocers when the
close."

Attotlter SUNYA student. clad in
Sttssons and tt well-fitted green l/od
shirt. drunkenly w ‘tl\’ltlg his way to
Stuirky Petcs, said. “'l'hiis'll yivettre
tuorc little to cheek ottt the
women."

Reportedly serious students. such
as l-Ztma Straiglrtlace, even feel the
bill is a good thing. “Now i can
study until three run. like usual and
their relax over some brandy itr my
favorite bar. (ice, by the time I was
dortc studying the bars were usually
closed." '

but s

required.” Wolf said. “so we decid-
ed on a minimum of 60 to satisfy
everybody.”

The bill was originally slated for a
vote next year. but when the com-
mittee decided the requirements
should be retroactive as well. the
Senate moved it through quickly.

“We realize that for juniors. 60
credits is a lot ‘to make up in one
year. But they will be allowed to use
some of their past courses for
credit. said senate member Mark
Lchtish. adding. “and they cart
always go to summer session.”

Each SUNYA student will have
to complete four or more courses
frortr an array of courses in each of
the following categories: Eastern
Cultures. Health — Sex Education

(‘.

Regulars drink all night at ()‘lleunys

— Phys. Ed., Writing and Poetry.
Hard Sciences. Social Protest and
Socialist"Reform. and Drugs.‘
Alcohol, Tobacco. Saccharine. and
Caffeine.

in a recent ASP poll. 99 and
44/100 percent of the students.

surveyed said they were in favor of ‘-

distrl‘bution requirements. The
reason the figure was not 100 per-
cent was the dissention of one
English major who said. when ask-
ed how he would feel if he had to
study science: “Science? Who's
that? What. was he an author or
somethin'? What did lte wrilc'l"
Also against requirements were
departmental Accounting majors.
who already have ll4 required
continued on paglna seis

    

Illllt't'l’t‘l‘. l/lt' lm/ltmunts clown: /.'l)(lu.ttt. Iriqu/t'

Students to Drown in

by Iluby Sextnplcls

lie ‘ause of a lack of funding. the
Physical Plant Department cannot
afford to repair water leakage frorn
the ceilings irt lecture centers 3. 7.
atrd iii, according to Physical Plant
Department Director Dennis
Stcttlsmcn. instead. students are
learning to tread water with tlrcir
legs wltilc takirtg notes with their
free artns.

nterrt
that no money was ntadc available
for the repairs becuttsc administra-
tion was
rcdccorrtte tlte second floor library

poditrtrt irr order to prevent leakage
has been denied by the Division of
tire Budget. Since tltett. the gaps iii
the ceiling lutve grown considerably
wider.

Director of Financial Manage-

(ienc‘s (inilttrip explained

using the funds to

l’ollett
Benn. “students can buy Donald
Duck tubes arid wrist floats instead
of the regular kind. Artd we'll even
throw itr the tribe caps so yort can
seal it) the air."

Academia *

"For a small stun." said SUNY
Bookstore manager Guy

Stcalsmcn recomtrtettdcd.

hmvever. that classes iii the three
lecture centers he held in SUNY
buses parked near the circle, in-

"Stndcnts will just have to lcartt
to sink or swim." commented
Stertlsruerr.

Stealsrnctt said that his Capital
lludgct Request of April 7. l97() for
$3,000 to replace the caulking in the

Immoral Regulations Set

by llrucel Lieberulonel

In response to the rising rtatiortal
tide of cotrservutisrn and the grow-
ing influence of the Moral Majori-
ty. the SUNYA Curriculum Cont»
trtittec has orrllittcd a policy revising
the curriculum of rrrarry academic
departments.

According to committee chair.
mart Dr. Richit l-lnrts. SUNYA as a
state institution has a responsibility
to ensure that students are not ex-
posed to rtrorully questionable
material. "This university rurrst
move forward with the rest of tire
nation to uphold decency and pro—
tect the minds of our children." lte
told the cotttruittec.

The outlined policy should be felt
greatest by the Biology department.

..t .uovu...-~...:....

llttrts said. The textbooks will be
edited to include the biblical ac—
count of the creation. nttd discus-
sion groups will be set up to tetrclt
scientific creationism as an alter-
native to the evolutionary theory.

"it‘s about time we cleaned up
the classrooms. If students wnttt to
l'arn about evolutionary theory arid
sex. let thctn learn in the streets. It
has no place in the classrooms."
said lvlnrts.

However. a University cop, A.
Peel, replied tlrtrt lre would not
tolertrte such learning on University
roadways.

In accordance with the new
policy. the enforcement of a dress
code is also being considered.
Under this policy. the wearing of

(rt-vu....u...._ .Ar..._.~...

 

designer jeans would be forbidden.
This eorrld be expected to have the
added benefit of cutting enrollment
from Long island by 25 percent
over the next two years.

The committee's actiott will have
an effect on several academic
tlepnrttncrtts.

Professor Strawberry Fields of
the rmtrketing department fears that
he'll have to edit sortie of the more
controversial trtaterittl lre normally
presents.

"Students ltavc always found my
lecture on market penetration to be
tuost stimulating. but l'm ttfraid l‘ll
litth to withdraw it." Strawberry
Fields said.

Professor K. Berst, chairman of

ctmllnttetl on pagtmt sch

lottrrgc.

lrtstcad. Guiltlrip said that

students registcrittg for classes held
itt the three wet lcctttrc centers can
pay art additional $50 fee for a tribe
ttrtd towel.

stead.

“And tltctr we can pill the air
conditiotrcr on high and free/.e the
water in the lcetrrre center arid use
them as skating rinks." Steulsmcn
added.

 

'l‘ltls biology professor will be replaced. I
"The hull? abort! dtvmc treat/on will be taught. " said Hurts.

.. i .' L. l

 

 

 

 

