E:

 

.. ﬂ,” - gamma—ow

mm 5315'!

Ivor

 

ltt‘

 

,,.,.,.,,u[, r," ,. .2: but. m

JSC Hillel

 

l ALBANY'St‘Ai‘lE ClNlEMA

 

 

 

Will be shown on:

 

 

 

Yom Hashoall (Hol

Charles Allen:

 

Holocaust Remember-once
Week

ocaust day) commemoration will be:
Thursday, April 30
8pm CC Assembly Hall

US Nazi Hunter. Author, Lecturer Speaking

April 28, 1981

tlme speeds up

Many people. as they grow older.
complain that time seems to be go-
ing by more quickly.

Now, research at Pennsylvania
State University indicates that we
do have an "inner clock" that does,
in fact. speed up as we get older.

Dr. Margaret Newman reports
asking three different groups of
volunteers how many seconds had

10

Thompson had been a chemical
engineer wth RAD Services, incor-
porated. a Pennsylvania-based
company involved in cleaning up
the Three Mile Island Nuclear
Plant. He had moved to New Mex-
ico after allegedly receiving death
threats about a book he was

 

ingly “paranoid” after being in-

. .,.,. mﬂmn‘xnimdw’m‘ $34.24:ng ‘ 

Albany Student Press

liquor ls aulckor

Alcohol has been known to pro-
duce memory blackouts. Now.
researchers report that. when con-
sumed in moderate quantities,
alcohol may actually improve the

l AB NEWS

away. maybe you should get so-
meone to . . . nag you.

  
    
 
  

   
  

 
 
 

 
  
 

 

   
  
 

Blood Institute has found that

. _.t...,. an. w‘ 4

Page Nine,

ylolent crimes to be a brunet 'or
“biological abnormallties" that can
be treated with medicines.

The author of the article, Univer-
sity of South Carolina criminology
professor Gene Stephens, says that
genetic engineering techniques may
be used to completely eliminate
what he calls “offensive traits"
from future generations.

Professor Stephens predicts that
in the future. only couples that are .,
capable of having “super” babies

to store data on all citizens. beginn-

l ~ r -,

. u o n I u ,y 't .

E Thursday,    Rise of An“ Stimﬂlzm‘llggAmerlca transpired asaclock. winch was out writing. That still-unpublished ability to remember. 4  Will be licensed to breed; while
; . Wednes ay, prt of stght ofthe volunteers, ticked off book alleges there have been cover- Dr, Elizabeth Parker and other H r'  ‘ 7'. other couples. who are especially
2 7:30pm in LC 19 CXHCll)’ 40 SCCOHUS- ups l\conclert‘tling radiation doses the researchers, writing in the publica- . "'f‘w*”‘—'t“' “1in 10 PTOVide IOVC and compas-
- wor'ers ta received. tiott Psycho harnmcolo , re on t. '7 VA  t- 5k)". Will bc liCenSCd to rear theso
 $100 $1.50 $2.00 Taos Assistant District Attorney that sixteet’t’ males iho tillerc !Wm“wwq children.

 . _ ﬂ _ Jerry Wells. who ltas bcctt in- moderatcusers ofalcoholand mari- l‘ Stephens concludes by stating
g Holocaust Exhibit daily Wednesday, Thursday (m CC l-(nmmm vcstigating Thompson's disap- juana were tested twice —- with and that “despite concern by ClVll liber-
{ Area). Friday (in CC Assembly Ha”) pcarance. says that. once in New without the drugs — in experiments A ten-year study being conducted "mans 3"" 0m" groups: 215' cen-
 Mexieo. Thompson becameincrcas- one week apart. by the National Heart. Lung. and WW 5°Ci¢ly Wm dccm it necessary

SA Funded

 

 

 

more in/o t‘ull .Isr‘ 7 7;".uv

 

 

 

 

:~.\ -«- ‘-
mom

AHMAI.

The Most Popular Movie Comedy OfAll 11me

 

A umvr'

 

STARTS FRIDAY AT @

A 200 NEAR YOU!

 

 

Friday and Saturday
May 1 and 2

HAP Day, Celebration ‘81, and ANIMAL ’ ’
HOUSE...OH, 30v IS THIS GREAT!

LC 18 7:30 and 10:00

SA Funded l

 

 

 

 

 

 

k “
DEAR BRUCE,

Best of Luck with
GODSPELI.

 

‘x‘x, x x x

Knock ’em
Deadtt

* tr We Love Ya! ~k it

lanet, loy, Bob, Pete
Amy, Marc, Steve, Big M,
Ivy, Lori, Laura, Larky,

Ed, Marian

v“

 

 

 

 

The young people estimated that
it took 43 seconds for the 40
seconds to pass; the middle-age
grottp estimated 31 seconds; while
the older group, with an average
age of 7], guessed that only l7
seconds had expired in the 40 se-
cond period.

Newman says that aging really
does seem to speed up it person‘s
sense of "retrospective" time.

another sllkwood?

Itt what could be regarded as a
Ktttcn Silkwood—likc case. a
chemical engineer involved itt the
Three Mile Island clcttnvup has
disappeared itt New Mexico.

The Progressive mt‘ twine reports
thttt Randall Thompson. along with

volved in a car accident itt which a
close friend was killed. Thompson
claimed that someone had
deliberately run them off a moun-
tain road. Several months lzttcr.
Thompson and his fatnin dropped
ottt of sight.

A Washing/mt P05! reporter,
who interviewed Thompson and
read his book. says the book was
never accepted for publication by
any of the publishers Thompson
had subtnittcd it to. Joan Omang
adds there was notlting in the book
that should have tnttdc Thompson
afraid of threats. Reporter ()mang
says botlt pro— and anti-nuclear
scientists who read the manuscript
claimed it contained material which
“defied the laws of natutc and was
hearsay. gossip and unscientific."

Wells, in the meantime. says his
investigation has cotttc to a dead
end. with no evidence either for or
against foul play. He adds.
however. that the only personal
belonging found missing when the
Thompsons disuppcured was a brief
case containing personal fantin
papers. the book's manuscript and

 

The men drank alcohol or smok-
ed marijuana inuncditttcly after 5th-
dyittg l0 pairs of scenic slides.
Thrcc hours later, they were tested
for their ability to remember details
of those slides. The researchers
report only two subjects scored
perfectly itt the first notlettg test,
compared to 7 who tmtdc perfect
scores after the alcohol cxpcritttcnt.

In another experiment, 72 light-
to-ntodcrtttc drinkers were divided
ittto alcohol or placebo groups and
sortcd ottt 30 works into five
categories. The next day. those sub-
jects who had alcohol immediately
after the word task reportedly
recalled significantly more words
and categories than the placebo
group members.

nag, nag, nag

smokers who are high risks for
heart attacks can, in effect. he nag-
ged ittto kicking the habit. The
study involves ttettrly 3.800 smokers
at 22 medical centers who par-
ticipated in the Institute's "Mr.
Fit" stop-smoking program.

Unlike other stop-smoking pro-
grams in which 75 percent of thc
people who quit smoking are said to
have started again witltin a year. the
Institute's program claims success
so far in preventing all of the 45
percent of the participants who
stopped smoking four years ago
from starting again.

How did the instittttc do it? Well
it has "hugged" smokers with a
steady barrage of anti—smoking
cducatiort. counseling. hypnosis,
\vcckcnd retreats, and other
methods such as giving qttittcrs “I
Quit“ bttttotts.

anti-crime shots

Criminals of the 2lst century will
be treated with drugs and hor-
mones. attd not locked itt prison
cells.

ing at birth. in computers. The data
will be used." he says, “to identify
anti-social tendencies in the name
of crime prevention, and to help
single out budding terrotjsts and
sociopaths for early re-
socialization.

frozen bables

Australian scientists have frozen
a dozen human embryos which they
believe catt be thawed and im-
planted iIt infertile women to pro-
duce healthy children.

Carl Wood, leader or the scien-
tific team at the Queen Victoria
Medical Center. ltowever. says the
technique rttiscs a host of
“frightening” legal and ethical
questions that would have to be
resolved before its use could
becontc widespread.

The scientists say two frozen em-
bryos were thawed and resumed
growing outside the womb. They
were Implanted In their mothers‘
wombs. but failed to result in

pregnancy. the scientists said.
However. that doesn't mean the

V: D t his Wile 31“] ‘WO Children- dls‘lp' Ollie" WW”s FOSSiNY rt‘lﬂllllg ‘0 ll": This is a prediction coming front technique is a failure. they report.
u c .113  S twttrL‘d ill lillt: Ft‘bmﬂr)’ “0m 3 Di“- casc. He says some people are c-tll- It‘yott'vc tried everything you cart The Fuluris’l magazine. which because the success rate for implan-

nic ground itt Tttos. New ML‘XlCO. ing tltc disappearance a publicity think oftohclp yourself stop smok- alleges that — by tltc 'turn ofnhc tatton of embryos that have nm

and haven‘t been ltcttrd from SiHCC- stunt. ing cigarettes, bttt are still pufltng 1 Century —— socrcty Wlll consider been frozen ts only about 5 percent.

 

NOW

  

It‘s

RIGHT 
YOUR RIGHT TO KNOW

that Heaven is RIGHT HERE NOWII!

{I Final meeting for semester of Book Discussion (ituttp on
YOUR RIGHT TO KNOW will he lrcltl 8:15 pm.
’l‘ONlGl-I'l‘. Tuesday. 4-28hl. In l'lU 125. Sponsored by

The Italian-American Stu-
dent Alliance Presents

“Wifemistress”

 

    
 

Starring Laura Antionelli
May 1 and 2
7:30 and 10:00
Check posters for further
detail.

the [{CKANKAR Campus Society.

watt sub ’eots hanging 62mm the Api/u‘iuai body at
man to a oration, science, the sun, and the amalzen
ing 06 one’b whitetail/snub.

Complimentary copy available at the Discussion
Group. Or send for a copy today —- write to
Albany ECKANKAR Center, P.0. Box I447, Albany,
{Lew York l220l.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WHAT IS HAP?

 

Th ° .

urs. Ap 130 F M 1
1'1 9 r1 ay , un ay 3
.30 H P mis studentslaculty,

lb 1 Human Awareness rogra

. p and administration working together to break down the bar—
1')” )  t r tl ' . HAP attempts to increase In crac-
 h Q d C f HUS mm mm 1m mg Km ‘ of the University so that [hey

These are the days for professors and classes to take time
away from the regular curriculum and get in some informal
conversation. Participate in these events. take time in class to
discuss current event issues. each others’ backgrounds. goals.
or the University itself. Whatever your own style is, try Sharing
it with some new people. You'd be surprised at how much
better a university can be when we escape from roles,
buildsome spirit and more traditions—-like HAP.

lion among the various groups

' )CCOITIG a community.
“Iiigllllllyallly of the 20,000 people living. learning. and work-
ing here feel that this place is too impCfSO'ndl. TLlJtey Jan; a
number in the big. cold, bureaucracy. But Ihts ts a tnvcrsi y.
With the diversity that exists here, each and every one 0 us
has a valuable, individual contribution to make.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.ﬂ, ,
wimmwcautumnal. “who ;

       

