 

I) .

 

 

 

" ' ‘ . .. " - » w :1. sew-498.1
 .. ._ .  ._ -_..._€"..'.tt'!.!£ ""3." ~  ‘ *4

 

Another Look A

t's taken veteran filmmaker Roman

ﬂ Polanski two years to put Tess. a

rich. haunting. adaptation of

Thomas Hardy's Tess of the D'Urberuilles on

the screen. i hate to use a cliche. but it was
worth the wa ‘ ‘

Jim Dixon

Test is the sort of lush costume piece we
rarely see in America anymore. And we
seldom ever saw them this well done. it's a
truism that great novels make lousy films.

V There are different theories as to why. but
. perhaps it’s as simple as prosg cannot be ex-
actly translated in visual terms. As in cases
like Jack Clayton's The Great Gatsby. slavish
reverence to every syllable only causes a film
to drag and stumble when it should run.

it's not worth the effort anyway. Visual im-
ages are not words. And film deals more in
Images than words. The images are the
thing. not the verbalizations. '

Polanski certainly understands this. His
films always contain — are composed of —
great images. Even if Chinatown had not
had a great script. which it did. the film

would Certainly have been notable. The Te-
nant. one of the most terrifying films I can
think of. didn't need words 'at all.

Polanski has two great visual assets work-
ing for him in Tess. One is the magnificent
cinematography. done by Ghislain Cloquet
and the late Geoffrey Unsworth. one of the
three or four greatest color
clnematographers of all time. (Unswortb
died of a heart attack while working on Tess.
The films he worked on include 2001: A
Space Odyssey. Superman. and the
perpetually underrated A Bridge Too Far).
The other is his star. Natassia Kinski. who

has one of the most eloquently expressive
faces l've ever seen.

Miss Kinski. the daughter of German actor
Klaus Kinski. is remarkable as Hardy's tragic
heroine. Not only is she able to convince us
she is English. no mean feat in itself. but she
brings depth and sensitivity to the part. even
when she doesn't speak. She is above
words. A simple. silent shot of her eating a
strawberry is startlingly. quietly erotic. and
reminds us why Garbo could be as big a star
on the silent screen as on any other.

The plot. like so many great novels, as
Mark Rossier is fond of remarking. is basical-
ly a soap opera. Tess is a young woman who
is simply trashed by fate. An antiquarian
vicar (“who would have done better to have
kept his mouth shut"). tells her father that

imam:

 

Picture

their family is descended from an ancient
and noble family. Tess is sent to a still-
wealthy branch of the family to work.
ironically. this branch of the family isn't
related. They're nouueau-riche who bought
the title. Tess is. as they used to say. “taken
advantage of" by her "cousin" (Leigh
Lawson). made pregnant. and leaves. The.
child dies in infancy.
Her life isn't worth much to her until she
.falls in love with a clergyman's son. Angel
(Peter Firth). who has early Marxist tenden-
cies. But life still doesn't look up for her for
long. because despite all his liberal and pro-
gressive ideologies. Angel is incapable of ac-
cepting the fact that Tess has had a child by
another man.
As Hardy isn't read as widely as he used to

be. l'il spare some of the plot for those who
insist on being surprised.

 

For some reason. i find myself wanting to

compare Tess with Stanley Kubrick's Barry
Lyndon. which is thoroughly unreasonable.
Beyond being lavish period pieces. the films
have nothing in common. This is probably a
sign of the times —— we aren't seeing as many
‘period pieces as we used to. ‘
_, in any event. Tess has almost everything
going for it. The script. partially written by:
Polanski. is excellent. matched by superior
acting by non-stars. and beautifully ex-
ecuted. This isn't just a lugubrious “art” film.
This movie grabs you. pulls you in. makes
you care.‘and devastates you at the end. it's
too good to miss. ’

And don‘t think you can Just wait until it's

on TV. even Home Box Office. This film will
be lost on the small screen. First of all. this is
done in Panavision. which is far wider than
the TV screen. Secondly. video doesn't have
the resolution or the color fidelity to handle
what Polanski. Unsworth and Cloquet have
done. So much ofthe film is done at ight ~—
tn shadow. it's not just that some of the
subtlety will be gone. A lot of these scenes
will be pure black blobs. And the magnificent
vistas. the sweeping pans. the incredible long
shots. all deserve a wide screen . where you
can see them. (A sequence making the TV
rounds now. of Natassia Kinski and Leigh
Lawson in a carriage doesn't have the impact
of speed that it does on the theatre screen.
for one.)

 

But the most important thing about this
movie is how moving it is. There's a real
sense of emotion to it. Even at the opening.

 

 

which carries a simple dedication: "To
Sharon." .

light. And: Sound

equals Remark-able

hythm" is a silly word. it's hard to
.% spell and it sounds weird.

v However. Jt works beautifully as
the title for a new entertainment event in
Schenectady; the sort of thing the Capital
District hasn't seen before. Laser Rhythm
stands u well on its own.

Jim Dixon

The show combines geometric patterns
projected in laser light with planetarium ef-
fects and rock music. The music alone
should draw rock fans." Producers David
Norris. Alan Jackson and Technical Consul-
tant Richard J. Monda have chosen some of
the most popular they could have. And the
combined effect of the audio and visual
elements make for an experience which is
always entertaining and sometimes mind-
boggling. ..

 

Monda. creatora of Laaer ﬂhﬂhm.

The first thing you see is the night sky (if
you've never seen a planetarium show. this
effect can be startlingly realistic) as Tomita's
version "Thus Spake Zarathustra" (better
known as the theme from 2001) comes up.
A spaceship zips around. and the star of the
show. a bright red. shape-shifting thing ap-
pears. The thing about laser projections is
that they don't really seem to be on the
dome-ceiling for some reason. They appear
to hang in the air. _ '

After the operﬁng. which is inevitably
dramatic as is anything when you're playing
“Thus Spake Zarathustra." the t’nusic goes
hard rock. where it remains for most of the
show. excluding Led Zeppelin's "Stairway
To Heaven." and a segment done to
Tomita's arrangement of Debussy's Claire de
Lune. The rest of the hour-long soundtrack
features well-known and well-liked songs
along the lines of Boston's "Foreplay/Long
Time." a live version of The Who's “Won't
Get Fooled Again." and "Come Sail Away"
by Styx.

   

David Norria. Alan Jachaon and Richards].

1 point this out partly because of some
potentially misleading advertising by the
Schenectady Museum. who are sponsoring
the show. which says it’s for all ages. Now if
you think your grandmother is into sitting in
a room which feels and looks like it's spinn

"ing. with strobe lights and flashpots going off.

all done to Pink Floyd while she cramps her
arthritic neck watching a dancing laserform
on the ceiling. fine. But it's my feeling that
Messrs. Norris. Jackson and Monda have
angled this show for the headtrip. rock-freak.
college audience.

Which is why you should go and leave
your parents home.

Getting to the Schenectady Museumis not ’
as hard as it looks (maps and instructions are
available at the ASP office) and it's Worth the
trip. Admission ($2.50) is reasonable. and
Laser Rhythm is exactly the sort of thing we
haven't had in the area before. Calling for

reservations is reconvnended. The show's
been selling out.

According to Norris. a SUNYA student
who's spending the weekends in Schenec-
tady operating the planetarium projector.
Laser Rhythm is finishing up alive week trial
period. and has been extended to May’se-
cond. With a little luck and another five
thousand dollars. another laser will be add-
ed. which will make the show more complex
and longer. Laser Rhythm. as Monda. the
planetarium's Technical Consultant on the
Show points out. is a show in transition. And
as long as the crowds hold out. it could run
forever.

Which is fine with the planetarium and the
show's producers. though one wonders how
many laser projectors Alan Jackson can
operate with only two hands.

And it could tie up their weekends
forever. But Norris is optimistic on the point.
i asked him the question during an informal
interview. He laughed and said. “i get out at
twelve . . . " a

loneseo Views His Own Victims

pening nights are full of anxious

ﬂ moments for actor. director and
audience alike. Add the presence

of the playwright and you've included that
extra ingredient that can result in either an
inspiring or shattering experience for the per-

Kathy Kissane

formers. Such was the case Tuesday evening
at the PAC here on campus. when the
Theatre Department presented its produc-
tion of Eugene lonesco's absurdist play. Vtc~
tims of Duty. The playwright is visiting
SUNYA under the auspices of the French
Department. and was obviously an inspira-
tion. I'll have to admit that Monsieur
lonesco’s presence affected me more pro-
foundly than it did the cast. I did catch Con-
stance Valis. the director of this production.
cast a furtlve glance at M lonesco now and
again. but otherwise the actors seemed to be

 

 

noticeably unaware of him and his lovely‘

wife sitting In the first row. Considering it was
opening night. with a playwright of lonesco's
importance in attendance. it was a perfor-
mance surprisingly free of mishap in a pro-
duction that offered numerous opportunities
for gaffs. Professionalism. combined with

lots of practice. was the answer.

Victims o] Duty is not one of lonesco's bet-
ter known or often staged plays. That fact.
plus it being absurdist in nature. makes It
even more difficult to stage. The plot is vir-
tually non-existent. it concerns petty-
bourgeois ChoubertlSteve Lats) and his wife
Madeleine. versatiiy performed by Mary Mc-
Cormick. They are enjoying a quiet evening

Eugene lonoaco.
who to vialtlng

  

at home discussing politics and theatre.
when there is a knock on the door. Enter
The Detective(Gary Wynn) looking for an
ex-nelghbor of theirs —— Mallot with a "t" (as
opposed to a “d"). played by Peter August.
whr we see only as a shadow figure

throughout the play. Chouhert invites The

Detective In. and from here on In. the play

leaves the thin maskings of plot that sur-

round it behind. What We witness instead [5
\

Albany. vlo ad
the opening of to
play. Victlma
Duty. at the PAC.
Photo:

Wlll Yunnan

Choubert's descent into his subconscious on
the pretext of looking for Mallot with a "t".

lonesco. in an essay he wrote on Kafka.
defined his understanding of absurd asz“. . .
that which is devoid of purpose . . . cut off
from religious. metaphysical. and
transcendental roots. manlls\lost: all his ac-
tions become senseless. absurd. useless."
That is what VIctIms of Duty is all about. lt is
an absurdist's defense of absurdist theatre. in
a sense. Choubert begins by telling us that
"every play is an investigation. all theatre is a
thriller — a detective story." This play is. too.
but that investigation is not an attempt to
locate the would be criminal Mallot. Rather.

. we embark on a different kind of search. a

search for self through the character of
Choubert. who represents all men. who
represents us.

Lats superbly takes us on that journey. He
was able to affect a change in his character

rat made us believe he had actually crossed
those boundaries of mind.

The Detective Is the rational. logical force
who relentlessly pursues truth. or as he
would have it. his duty. Wynn Is that
stereotype throughout. from his trench coat
to probing analysis of Chouberi. But no mat-
ter how deep Chouberi descends. within

himself he finds nothing. Choubert is a will-
lng victim. or more accurately a willing
character within the framework of the play.
He wants to search within himself for Mallot.
but can find only emptiness.

NIchoias(Larry Chain) adequately sums
up the major themes of the play when he
says. "Theatre should be in harmony with
the general drift of the other manifestations
of the modern spirit . . . no more drama.
no more tragedy. The tragic's turning comic.
the comic is tragic. and life's getting more
cheerful." He makes explicit reference to
lonesco in his lines and one has to conclude
that it was lonesco's intent in writing Victims
of Duty to make a personal statement on ab-
surdist drama and his view on life in general.

lonesco spoke to the audience for a few
moments after the play. through an inter-
preter. He generally liked the production.
though he did say it was considerably dif-
ferent from\the one done in Paris many years
ago.l liked the production. and for that
reason will leave the ending out of this
levicw and encourage you to see it for
yourself. if you haven't already. It's playing
tonight at 10 P.M.. after M. lonusco's public
lecture on "Why [30' Write?" in the Campus
Center. and Saturday evening at 8:30 PM o

.r .. 

   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 

 

l.  .  a .
 ilrEr-ZZJQM  ,' ... ,  '.

l . /i’s early evening in Albany as
g people begin to file 'into the
Lark Tavern. Patrons converse

armre bar in groups of two or three. ad-
muing the finished wood walls and the
mosaic tile floor. A chalkboard hangs at

V Wayne Peereboom

ﬁeqentcr 3. the bar. "Tues.— Nick
Brignola" is etched among the other
- entertainers who will be playing this
week. .
At a small table in the back room sits a
neatly-dressed man with stylishly long
“ gray‘hair and mustache. On the table in

 

v lfront of him is a half-filled coffee cup as
well as an ashtray with a couple ofbutts.
This is Nick Brignola. ln allittle while. he
and his three piece jazz band will be
entertaining theever increasing crowd.

in the background. a song froma re-
.' cent Grateful Dead album plays on the
z t a jukebox. The critics said that the album

“ ‘ was commercial, an attempt at the Top
40 and stardom. "l have no aspirations
to be a superstar." Brignola reflects. “i
don't think i could do that kind of
thing."

 

,g...,....,, .A s -.  .  '. .'~ H ,

..M.....-_M» can...» ...., nu... 11.». -..u........ . . .. n ._x. . .. .

uni

. w'v‘t

However, stardom may be creeping
Nick Brignola's way. Recently. when
Brignola was playing at another area
club, he received a phone call from a
local newpaper. Brignola was informed
that his recent album. L.A. Bound (Sea
Breeze 2003). had been nominated for
a Grammy award as “Jazz Album of the
Year."

On February 25. he traveled to Radio
City Music Hall for the awards. As
Brignola predicted. ah album by Bill
Evans took the Jazz honors. However.
Brignola said that. "by just being
nominated. i feel that l've won
something." He explained that only six
albums were chosen out of the
thousands reviewed by the national
academy.

A native of the Capital District.
Brignola makes his home in Eagle Mills.
a small town outside of Troy. He said
he's been playing the Lark off and on’
for the past year and a half. Brignola ex-
plained that he likes playing in small
clubs such as the Lark because he can
judge the audience response. which
can't be done at larger engagements.
“You have to have this. " Brignola said.
“This is the type of-atmosphere where
jazz was born."

Nick said he considers the Lark to be
his “home base." "Every musician in the
world is local somewhere." he adds.

Brignola is quick to point out.
however. that “you have to move
around. You get stale if you.stay in one
place too much." He has done much
touring throughout the US. and
abroad. and points out that he is better
recognized in Finland than he is in
Albany.A5 to being ‘a local celebrity.
Brignola said. “i wouldn't want it."

“l’ve been playing music as long as i
can remember." he recalls. “i found it
easy to pick up an instrument and play
it." For a long time he remained what
he terms an “underground figure." But
Brignola began to gain recognition
when he began recording. In 1970.
Downbeat Magazine named him lts
baritone sax player of the year. Today
Brignola said. the jazz critics consistentl;

- a s
....t 1» cit NW1 w
J

     
   

« . new“ a $LEL‘.‘F-rr"..!.15~2 grﬁe-zwevmmr

. a t... .t.....-...s. ..-.- mo... .w..<.«-.....~..-...--.. .. . .nn- - . a . .. ..

. .a -.....~....... ".1. WW ream

 

 

success-comes In The Iliels' of finite

rate him among the top five baritone sax
players in the world.

Brignola predicts that his recording
career will pick up as'a result of his
Grammy nomination. ' Currently he
records with small companies and says
that it's a "luxury" to find one of his
albums in a local record store. He cites
the problems that the small companies
have with distributors as the reason
behind the poor circulation. However.
Brignola said he is "dickering with major
labels."

Brignola explains that an “artist- has
more say with a small company." A
larger company. he said. has more

hometown Troy.
W what gets recorded. “You
have to rap it out."-he adds. and “come
to terms with how much you want to
give away." .

individualism in music seems impor-
tant to Brignola. “You put yourself into
it so they know it's you." he reflects.
Jazz musicians. he maintains. each
have an “individual vocabulary" of
"cliche lines“ that are frequently played.
“You may play the exact lines several
times but in a new context. Every time
you play it‘s a unique situation. Like an
artist. you wouldn't paint the same pic-
ture."

Beyond music. variation se‘ems to
play a large role in Nick Brignola's life.

_W . will“!
unnnﬂ
.1. ,.,..........~t.t.. .y

“You get out there and get the public to
know you—it’s an ultimate goal. Every
day. every week is different—always
meeting new people and situations." he
said.

Variation. however. has a limit.
Brignola has a wife and three children.
“The family thing." he says. “was
always very important." The variation
combined with a stable family life seems
reminiscent of the way Nick describes
his music: “Use a theme as a structure
and then improvise."

it's now getting on to ten pm. The
chairs that were'empt an hour before

r

   

"vary Inualcian in the world la local somewhere." aaya Brignola of

are now mled. Waitresses in red and
black make their way through the‘
crowd. the band warms up as Brignola
excuses himself and makes his way
toward the young musicians. They ex-
change a few jokes as Brignola warms
up. They all go silent for a minute and
the overhead light is turned out. Then
come the smooth licks on the guitar.
hands sliding up and down the neck of
the bass. and rolls from the drums. with
each musician absorbed in what he is
playing. Brignola throws back his head.
closes his eyes and listens to the music
in total concentration. Then he begins
to weave a tune from his baritone sax.
Stardom may find Nick Brignola yet.

Remembering The Roots Of Rock

'hat l have written here. and
W'you are. hopefully. about to
read. has been said possibly a
trillion times before. but it

repeating once again. Basically. what i
am talking about is the history of Rock

(Doug Wolf

‘n' Roll. Not the whole thing. but the
roots. The very beginning. that first
amplified guitar or wild yell.

needs

There are legions of men who are

owed a great deal from the rock
establishment today. The bands they
formed and the music thcy poured out
have become the basis for all popular
music. Many of today's musicians have
started to pay their respects by playing

an increasing amount of early Rock ‘n'~

Roll and Blues in their concerts and ac-
tually recording covers of some
obscure. but none the less great. old
tunes.

it's hard to believe that once 'there
w'as no such thing as Rock ‘n' Roll. in
fact. Rock ‘n' Roll as such hasn’t even
been around thirty years yet. But the in-
fluence it has had on our culture.

especially the early works. can never be
overestimated.

Early Rock ‘n' Roll (the name Rock ‘n'
Roll was coined by a DJ named Alan
Freed as a substitute for “R & B." which
he thought had too much of a “racial
stigma" attached to it) was basically
“black” music —- Rhythm and Blues —

   

jumped upon by white teenagers who
found it the ultimate release. The early
musicimrs had for the most part all come
out of the South. where the living was
toughest. The South also had a tremen:

(lous musical heritage ranging from R 8c.

B to gospel to country. and these earlu

rockers mixed them together to create
some of the best Rock ‘n' Roll ever laid
down on vinyl.

These southern boys included Elvis
Presley. Buddy Holly. Little Richard
and Jerry Lee Lewis. Elvis and Holly
are dead. and Little Richard is an
levangelist. but if you’ve ever heard the
'music that has remained. you know that
it will never die. if you have seen Jerry
Lee Lewis perform lately (yes. he still
does) you can still feel the excitement of
those early years. Along with these
other greats belongs Chuck Berry.
Although he wasn't born in the South.
he grew up there. Chuck Berry made so
many hit songs it is almost impossible to
count the number. Johnny B. Goode
was his creation and has become
possibly the most covered 50er in Rock
history. ‘ i

The influence these and other early
rockers had on later generations is
huge. Groups such as the early Rolling
Stones borrowed from R 8: B and early
rock to create their own sound. The
Yardbirds. and especially Eric Clapton.
borrowed. andClapton still enjoys go-

Recenily. people such as Robert Gor-
don and Bruce Springsteen have tried
to capture the spirit and recklessness of
those early years in their recordings.
with Springsteen receiving the most ob—
vious commercial success.

Early Rock ‘n' Roll. from

.'\'

     
 

its humble

.; 2 W
beginnings. has created or helped to
create a whole new musical idea. The
record industry thrives because of the
groundwork laid by the immortals.
Their effect has been enormous and
they deserve our thanks and respect.
Thank you all. 0

 

 

 

