 

 

 

(-914:

,Wr

 

 

  
  

   
 
 
   
 
   

 

 
 

 

  
 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

   

 
 

  

 

  

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

  
  

      
   
  
 
  
 
 
   

 

Potsdam

‘ “by Bob Belladon-

POTSDAM -'— in Potsdam for the
third time in 'five' Weeks, the Albany
State basketball team was ‘face'd
With their third unpleasant situation
in what had become'a seaSon full of
adjusting to predicaments. , .
There was Joe Jedndk’s ankle tn-
jury that kept the starting forward
out of the previous weekend's

SUNYAC Tournament. it was

known that he would also have to
sit out the NCAA East Regionals.'
For Albany, that was bad enough.

Then there was forward Pete
Stanish's injury, also to his ankle,
suffered against the Bears in the
conference title game. He joined
Jednak on the bench in Albany‘s
in a 45-44 opening round win.
Without .iednak and a fully

healthy_Stanish, the Danes (23-5)
were not able to contend with the
Hears' deep inside strength.
Potsdam staged a late second half
comeback and eliminated the Danes
in overtime, 68-63, in front of
another rowdy Maxcy Hall capacity
crowd. The win gave the Bears their—
third straight East Regional crown,
and their second in a row over
Albany.

Potsdam gor to the finals by clob-
bcring City University of New York
champion Staten island. 80-57. A

Freshman Leroy Witherspoon‘s
13 foot jump shot with six seconds
remaining in regulation capped a

6-\ Potsdam, scoring. spree, and
knotted 1hr: contest for the first time

  

in the sécondghalf, 55-55. and sent_
the game into overtime. -

Potsdam took their ﬁrst lead
since their. 28-27 halftime advantage
just 13 seconds into the overtrme
period on a lay in by Ell-AmCNQB"
center Derrick Rowland (team high
22 points), a short jumper by guard
Ed Jachim, and a Scott Franko free
throw, while Albany missed twrce
on their end of the court. Dane co-
captain Ray Cesare (16 points, 7-9
shooting) hit a long jump shot, but
Rowland's dunk opened the lead to
ﬁve again and brought the chanting
crowd to its feet. Albany’s John
Dieckelman (13 points) and Jachim
traded pairs of free throws, and
Cesare hit two more long jumpers
against the 1-3-1 Bear zone defense
to make the score 64-63. But
Jachim got two more from the line,
and when Rowland threw down his
second thunderous unmolested
dunk with three seconds left, the
Potsdam celebration started.

But what it came down to was
Witherspoon's basket at the end of
regulation. in a scramble
underneath the Potsdam basket,
.iachim saved the ball from going
out of bounds, and passed to the
freshman on the right side, who lril
his fourth shot in as many attempts.
tying the game, and giving the Bears
the tielaud the momentum.

"it’s the way the ball bounces."
said tired Albany head basketball

coach Dick Snucrs. “if it bounces
thc.wrong way. the game is over."

 

H.‘,

The way his. Albany team started
off the game, you might have
thought it Would end much earlier.
with the previous week's short-
handed upset over Potsdam for the
SUNYAC title, the Danes exploded _
to 11-2 lead, scoring the game’s first
seven points. and forcing the Bears.
especially 'Jachim, into making
mistakes and missing their early
shots.

“They were charged up." Sauers
said. “Potsdam made some early
mistakes that we took advantage
of." , _,

Jachim had been SUNYAC MVP
for the two previous years, but
Clune, whOse task it was to guard
Jachim, treated him with no
respect. For the second week in a
row, Clunc tormented Jachim on
defense into, a disastrous 4-17
shooting performance, 'with only
three assists and five turnovers.
And on the other end, the senior co-
captain enjoyed his finest night of
the season, leading all scorers with
26 points (on 10-14 shooting),'and
hitting his first five attempts from
the floor, while becoming the
eleventh player in Albany basket-
ball history to score 1,000 points in
a career. Clunc needed seven going
into his final game and his effort
placed his tenth on the Great Dane
all-time scoring list‘.
“He played one of his fittest
games." Sauers said of Clunc.
"1 think he was pressing and try-
caltlimted on page \‘('\'L‘Iill‘t'"

  
  

Captures‘R‘egiondI In ~- Overtime, '68-6'3

        

Albany's Rob Clunc drives on Derrick Rowland in tlil curlicr game. Clunc
topped the 1,000 point murk In his last game. (l’hoto: Dave Machson)

Dane Swimmers Stroke To Third Place Finish

by Jeff Schudoff

Crtltninating in strong fashion,
the Albany State men's swim team
stroked to a third place finish in the
SUNYAC conference champion-
ships held at Binghamton two
weekends ago, after finishing the
regular season at 6-7.

Last year, the Danes posted a

fourth place finish behind Cor-I

.
tland. Genesco, anti Potsdam but
"this was our best finish ever." said

Albany men‘s swim conch Ron
White.
in learn scoring, powerhouse

Cortland totally outdistnnccd the
field with 573 points followed by
Potsdam with 307, Albany 203. U.
of Buffalo 192. Cicncseo 192,
O‘swcgo 167. Binghnmton 125.

 

ing held this weekend.

terms of standings. Realistically.

about all~American.

to me anti gets me really psychctl

Ron White.

 

Shore Bids To Become N
First Dane All-American

This weekend the Danes may have their first all-American swimmer.
After qualifying in the 200 yard Breast Stroke at the SUNYAC con-
ference championships two weekends ago, Joe Shore is on his way to
Oberlin College, where the NCAA Division 111 championships are be-

"When i ﬁrst camehere as a freshman l was sort of a run-of—thc-
mill swimmer," said Shore. “Undoubtedly, the whole concept of all-
American sounds exciting, but to achieve this i mttst swim my own
race. The key is to be really relaxed and not to worry whch 1 place in

about my stroke and then once i get out of the pool 1'” start worrying

“What is really important to me is the fact that the team really got
together in the last few dual meets. 1 mean it's real easy to swim for
yourself but to know that the intensity level of the team based on.
cooperation and participation are at their maximum really means a lot

“Joe has improved as a total swimmer, rtol just a breast strokcr.
Dedication. hard work and determination are major reasons for Joe's
success. During the last school recess, he was swimming alone twice a
day and swimming better than ever. He's a guy who takes no short-
cuts and never cheats. What i really like about him is that he's very
realistic and knows where he's going," said Albany men's swim coach

“We've never had a swimmer go to the nationals two times in a row.
He's going as an experienced swimmer, We never seen a swimmer
totally into his sport —- a total involvement." said White. .

for me to swim well, i nrust think

to swim my best," added Shore.

 

— Jeff Schado".

Frcdonitr 96. Buffalo State 57. and
Plattsburgh 20.

Undoubtedly the highlight for the
Danes was senior .loc Shore's swim
in the preliminary round of the 21X)
yard Breast Stroke with the time of
2116.1. it not only was a pool
record, but it qualified him for the
NCAA Division 111 championships
to be held at Oberlin College this
weekend. Shore‘s swim in the finals
of the 200 yard Breast Stroke
(2:17.1) placed him second to
Binghamton’s Scott Lukusicwicz
(2:164).

For the rest of the weekend, co-
captain Shore showed his team
leadership placing fourth in the 100
yard Breast Stroke in l:03.5 in an
extremely tight field. He also took a
second in the consolation round of
the 200 yard individual Medley with
a time of 2:069.

Jttnior transfer Neil Ullman. who ‘

sat out the first semester, proved to
be a strong asset as he raced to a
fourth place finish in the 200 yard
Backstroke with a time of 2105.6.
Ullrnan also won the consolation
round in the 200 yard individual
Medley as he beat his teammate
Shore to the wall in 22:03.8. “it was
undoubtedly my most competitive
race (200 l.M.). 1 only swnrn it once
before and l was seeded tenth going
in —- really slow, but i was ottt retri-
ly fast and i was really psyched."
said Ullman.
in the 100 yard Backstroke,
Ullmun pulled in with a 0:57.4 in
the prelimirtarics to break teammate
Steve Bonawitz's school record,
and he took fifth in the finals
behind Bonawltz’s ' fourth.
, Ullman's record was short-lived as
Bonawltz came back with his fourth
to steal his record back. beating

Ullruan, 0:57.02 to 0:57.12.

Senior Kevin Ahern gave his
fellow teammates cvcry indication
that he wanted to exit a winner,
placing in the finals of every event
that he competed in. in the 200 yard
Freestyle, Ahcru edged otrt Kevin
Anderson for fifth willr a 1:50.02.

in the 100 yard Freestyle, Ahcrn
was matched up in quality company
as he took fourth, a mere 1.5
seconds slower than Cortland's
winner Steve Hoff in 0:481.

“I was slightly disappointed that
my times had no significant drop to
them, but i am pleased with my ef-
fort in the 100 for it was definitely
my best time," added Ahern. He
also took fifth in the 50 yard
Freestyle in 0:22.6. “Kevin was very
consistent throughout the meet and
he did the job We asked for," said
While.

Dane Backstroke specialist
Bonawitz seized a fourth in the
finals of the 100 yard Backstroke as
he beat out teammate Ulltnan in
0:57.02. “in that race there were
two school records. Neal beat my
record in the preliminaries in the

'morning and I came back in the
finals to beat his time and take the
reeorti back that same afternoon. 1
finally got my turns over. Neal and
i were the only non-settlers in the
finals," said Bounwitz.

Bouawitz, competing in the 200
yard Backstroke with the likes of
Cortland‘s ail-American Ed
Wulrnth, swam a fifth'in 2:06.7. “l
was not very tapered for this race
and it could have been better." ad-
ded Bonawltz. “The second day of
competition (with Bonawitz,
Ullman. and Jim Colgan all placing
in_' the top seven in the 100
Backstroke) was the spark that ig-

rtitcd us." said While.

Dune tlivcr Bill Derkasch hit back
to back fourths in the one and three
meter competitions for Albany. in
the three ructcr cvcnt Dcrkttsch ac-
cumulated 354.93 points and 319.71
in the one meter. “Unfortunately I
had a mediocre regular season on
the boards and to place fourth was
a real surprise anti i‘m really happy
the way things ended up for me. We
learned a lot together and we were a
tight team ——- we knew our limita-
tions anti worked from there," said
Derkasch, who admitted he owed
rrntclr to coach Brtrce Sickles.
"With Karl (Browne) and Billy's
diving they wrapped up third place
for us." said White.

Senior Colgan gave the Danes a
large boost as he grabbed a first
place in the consolation round and
seventh place overall in the 100 yard
Backstroke in 0:59.3. “We got
three of the top seven spots in the
100 but for me to win the consola-
tions was tremendous. i was
unbelievably psyched -— super
determined,” said Colgan.

Besides the swimmers who
dominate most meets are some
whose showings at the SUNYAC's
will give the Danes security and
depth in years to come. Sophomore
Kerry Donovan attained poirtt
status as he took twelfth in the 100
yard Butterfly.

Freshman standout Frank
Kosakicwicz showed the conference
that he was for real as he won the
consolation round of the 200 yard
Breast Stroke. “in the preliminaries
i went out easy and came back real

hard in the consolations. i was very,

surprised to win it. The 100 yard
Breast Stroke.was'sort of disap-
t'onrlnuetl on page seventeen

....~......«.. .mm..~._. .—.<« —....=«....um.ou.....t~n—~ ~

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

. nut to the President Frederick Voikwe
I‘It' It'rlnotl [/10 report av Ullt' of "('Ull.\'lrllt'lfi’t‘ t'I‘iIit'iv/rr "

 

 
 

In photo: stru- iutplvtltrlg

   

March 24, 1989

by Debbie Judge

The grades are in; a February 28
meeting of the Commissio'n of
Higher Education has reaffirmed
SUNYA's accreditation with the
Middle States Association.

The evaluation, which is required
by Middle States at least every ten
years. began with the formatiori of
ti Middle States Steering Commilcc
in late 197‘). The committee‘s pur'
pose was to conduct a thorouch
evaluation of the University. The
results of that t‘Hlltltllitill \\crc uscd
by thc learn from the Middle Strut-s
Association uhcn they conducted
their 'thrccrdrry tlppttlisttl of
SUNYA last December.

While the tctuu citcd SUNY/Vs
frcqtrcut turnover of ud-
miuistrgrtors, and the it)“ rt\crrrgc
rrgc of its faculty as negative, it
commented that the overall
capabilities of the faculty and ad-
uttnrstrntion were impressive. The
team noted, though, that
"considerable efforts to attract

Gov. Pushes for Energy Bills

by Wayne l’ecreboom

Yesterday Governor Hugh L.
Carey sent the Legislature a
package of three bills designed to
encourage energy conservation, ac-
cortling to Assistant Press Secretary
Ron 'l‘ur'wtttcr.

Tltc bills involve research grunts,
energy tax credits and thc cxtcnsio'n
of a 1977 conservation nct.

()nc bill, ’l‘urwzrtcr explained.
would allow thc‘l’ower Authority
of thc Stnlc of New York (PASNY)
to bond tr maximum of $100
million to finance cncrgy conserva-
tion projects.

The projects, he said. should in-
clutlc tltc development of alter.
native energy systems at the state
level. One such project in the
Albany area, ’l‘nt'wntcr said. is
ANSWERS. which involves ex-
periments with recycled garbage for

r

'i‘icrncy.

 

k

Students Rally Today
toProtest Tuition Hike

Arr cxpcvtcd 1000 SUNY students will march from the SUNYA
('trmpus (‘cutcr to thc Stutc ('upitol today in a state-wide effort to pro-
lest the tuition increase stutcti itt (iovcrnor Hugh 1.. ('ttrcy‘s pro-
poscd stnic burlucl. according to St'udcnt Union (SU) (‘hnir .Iirn

“This is the clirriu\ of u semester—long campaign to preserve our
right in low—cost, high quality education —— which has always been the
mission of the struc uuhcrsity system." 'i'icrncy said.

The protcst, sponsored by the Student Association of the State
University (SASU) 1111tl supported by SU and SA, will feature an 11:00
am. rally at the t'tunpus (‘cntcr before the march and n demonstra-
tion at the t‘npitrrl. Labol leader Sy Cohen, Assembly Higher Educa-
tion Committee Chair Mnrk Allan Sicgcl. and Assembly Speaker;
Stanley |-'ink will speak at tile rally at the Capital.

The demonstration is in opposition to the proposed $150 tuition in.” ,
crease tltitl $150 i'trOIii rent increase for SUNY students. According to
SASU, tuition, room, and board increases would push the cost of at-
tending a SUNY school to over $4300 for the 1981-82 academic year.
~ Susan Mllligtb

' NSC as an energy SOUFCL‘.

Another bill, Tarwatcr said.
would provide tr personal state in-
come tax credit for the purchase
and installation of wind energy
systems as well as active or prrssivc
solar systems. No such statc crctlit
now exists, he suit]. The ttllowcd
credit would be 55 percent of the
project cost with a ceiling of $2.700,

('urrcnl federal law only allows u
40 percent of cost credit although
the ceiling is $4,000. Also. many
components of passive solar
systems are ineligible for federal tax
breaks.

A thirtl bill would extend the
1977 Home insulation and Energy
Conservation Act to 1986. The act,
which provides for cnct gy uttdiis by
utilities and financing for conserva-
tion measures, was tiuc to expire in
1982. Tarwntcr cxplrrincd that the

Al..-

1

 

:t

bill wouldi'aiso expand the scope of
the bill to include multi-famiiy
dwellings of ruorc titan four units
and small commercial buildings.
'l‘urwalcr added that the bill would
climirtntc a required $10 fee for
energy audit» by trtilily companies.
'l‘tu \vntcr said the bills are design—
cd to “encourage illitl stimulate
energy conservation, diminish the
use of oil, and therefore reduce
dependence on ()l’lit‘ countries to
provide oil. incentives such as tax
credits will encourage people to
conserve." When asked about the
chances of the bills' passage in the
Legislature, ‘l‘tu'wnlcr said. "it‘s
difficult to give u prognosis."

Jud Board

by Iictlr Scxcr

'l‘hc SUNYA l’rc-l.t1\\ Associa-
tion rcccivcd nulhotiuuiou late last
month front Dean of Student Af-
fairs Neil Brown to establish :1
Judicial l‘ccr Rcfcrrul ('ousultution
Center. ('cntcr‘ atlvisors will be
trained to advise students referred
to qund judicial boards of their
t‘igllls untlcr ilrc university's student
guidelines. anti ensure that proper
judicial procedure is obscrvcd dur-
ing the board bearing, according to
i'l'C-l.ti\\’ Association President
Brad Rolhbaum.

The center will serve itr tr
“three-prong capacity," suit! a
center ndvisor, Scott Weiss. First.
the advisor will meet with the rcfcr-
rcd student prior to his hearing to
explain the judicial board pro-
cedurc anti how the infraction he is
accused of relates to the student

~gltidc|incs. Secondly. the advisor

' will sit in on the hearing as an

observer to ensure that proper pro-
cedure is followed. Finally, the rid-
visor will inforru the student of his
right to appeal, explain the type of

     

....-—.—...——.—.»....._;a.....,. ... .

 
   

 

 

 
  

minority students, faculty. and
staff have not succeeded." Ques-
tions were also raised about the low
nurubcr of women in faculty and
top administrative positions.

"We're trying to correct that
with recruiting." Assistant to the
President Frederick Volkwcin cx-
plainctl. He pointed ottt that this
problem is slurred by runny other
universities.

'i‘hc report also rcptcscutcd some
criticism on llll' physical condition
of the campus, stating that it need-
ed t‘cpuit‘s that have been ucglcctctl.

“\\'c huxc no funds for normal
utuintruuctwc,“ Volkucin c\plrrinA
cd, liccuusc of thc rtcnrrcss of thc
Uttivctsit). "liut now it‘s time to
stan tcpitils. \\'c‘vc hurl to divert
funds, but we Ilcctl more."

According to their report,‘ the
Mitldlc Slutcs tcnrrr \vns undecided
about distribution credits. “On one
hand," the report sltllctl, the free-
clcctivc system “is working well in
terms of achieving a sound distribu-

 

 

' 1931 in) Albany Student Press Corporation

SUNYA‘ Accreditation Given

tion of courses by fields. This led us
to wonder why there were plans
afoot to supplant it by some form
of distribution requirements." The
report stated, however, "on the
other lrandpwe heard that the free-

electivc system is not working
well."

Tire tetrm showed interest in the
Liberal Education Advancement

Program (LEAP), an experiment in
credit distribution. They cautioned,
however, that tile expansion of such
a program to all students could pro-
vc difficult and costly.

The role of finance surfaced
often in the report, with the notua
tion that "the institution is struggl-
ing to nchicw progress, coherence.
mortrlc anti representation ill a little
of austerity.H However, the report
considered SUNYA “reasonably
well-financed" in comparison to
other institutions across the coun-
try.

The team expressed dissatisfac-

' continued on page Iliirreen

 

(.‘ovcrnor Hugh 1.. Carey

    

photo: litmlr Jeri-tn

His /ii/I.\ uncut/rage energy ('llll\'t‘fi'(l/it)li.

Advisement Approved

sanction he will rcccivc, and the
procedure for rcrnovul of all letters

of sanction from his permanent
record.

('cutcr Administrator iicth
Shcinbcrg cruphasi/ctl, however,

that thc scl'vit‘c they provide "is
strictly proccdmul.“ Advisors do
not function as lrrwycrs or couches,
btrt ensure that stutlcnts’ rights are
protected uudcr the student
guidelines, said (So-Adruinistrator
llcrb Luric.

The program is being conducted.
said Rothbuum. in cooperation
with the judicial bottrds. Students
who are notified that they must np~
pcnr before a board will be advised
to contact a center udvisor. The
inc-Law Association will not be
notified of llit.‘ referral until per-
sonally notifictl by the student to
preschc the student's confidentiali-

ty, explained Rothbaum.

Students serving as advisors must
be dues-paying members of the Prc~
Law Association, said Rothbautn.
“As a benefit to the people who are
paying ducs, we are giving lhcm the
privilege of being advisors," he
said.

Serving as advisors will give pre-
law students “ground level training
for what attorneys will ultimately
do," Rothbaum added.

Tltc center will begin its service
on State Quad in early April on art
experimental basis, Rothbaum said.
its success will be evaluated by the
students using the service, by ad—
visor to State Quad Judicial Board
Ellen O‘Brien. and by the associu~
tion itself.

if the evaluation proves satisfac-
tory, the center will begin providing
service on all five quads, Rothbanm
said.

It’s been a long hot winter

see aspects

 

 

  
 

  
 
  
     
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
    
     
    

