    
     

‘—

      

M-
- “m

._,_,v_wmm
W

:...~.. w. ....-m~.

      
  
     


ti
it
i'5
tif’
iii
.63:
r- 
'i

m; ,

 

 

 

    

    

tart-run illiliitittltillillilllllLLLd-t-

. . "u- I 

-r‘-trttt’r
. .

Intramural‘Update: ,Iourna

    
  
  
   

 

Hoopsters Near League Finals ‘

division. Nice-N-Easy. had a 9-l
regular season mark and they are
captained by Keith Duchett. The
other finalist is The Untouchables.
the second place ﬁnishers in the Er-
ving division.

During the regular season. Nicc-
N-Easy won two close games
against The Untouchables anti

by Scott Commer

The playoff season is well under
way for AMIA and WIRA basket-
ball.‘as teams vie fer their respective
league~ championships.

In Men’s League II. there are two
teams left. Ironically. they are both
from the same division‘ (Erving).
The team. that finished ate the

 

Potential defeated Flirting with Disaster In tlte quarterfinals oi‘ League II
intramural husketlmll uetion. (Photo: More Ileuschel)

Floor Hockey Title
Contests This Weekend

by Phil Pivnick

This past week. lltc action has been fast and t'ttriouk irt both ol' Albany's
intramural floor hockey leagttes. 'l‘wo league tourrtantents are single-
elimination, and any loss means an early off-season.

In Leagttc I. the defending cltantpiort Werewolves slaughtered Bert-Hair
in their playoff opener. Bob Riclttcr. Jerry Walsh attd I’cte l’clrillo each
hadfour points. with Ricltter‘gctting the hat trick for the Werewolves. In
other quarter-final action. Bob Miller scored three goals to pace the
Stickhandlers to a 10-4 rontp over the Slrroous. Tottt l-‘ogarty scored three
third period goals for Weather as they t'ottgltt back to top the Silver
Bullets. 6-4. Rich Westerbcrg scored three times for the losers. l.o.s' Gringos
also advanced with a 4-I win over the Cheap Shots.

Only one semi-final game has been played as of Wednesday. The
Werewolves kept up their winning paec by coming back to defeat Los Gr-
ingos. 4-2. John Maccaronc scored twice for the Werewolves. The
Werewolves will look to defend their League I crown Saturday against the
winner of the Stickhandler-Weathcr game.

In League II play. the preliminary round saw four games played. Todd
Serman's two goals paced the chsontcs to a 6-1 win over Easy B & G.
Point Blank gave Sudden Death 11 great garrtc. btrr Sudden Death canrc otrt
a winner. l-O. on Pat Sullivan's goal. Andy DeMco scored the game winner
for the Red Army. as they advanced with a 3-1 win over Power Play. In tlte
most exciting of the first-round games. the Cats squeakcd ottt a 3-2 victory
over the Mcart Machine. Oats‘ Srcvctr Rosenthal broke a 2-2 tie with just 17
seconds left for the victory. Mean Machine had tied the score with jtrst over
a minute to play.

All the quarter-final games were close Kurd well played. Last year's
runners-up. the Big Sticks had a tough time with the Awesomes. The Big
Sticks were leading 6-2 when suddenly it became a 6-5 ltockey game with
just a minute- to play. Playoff experience prevailed, however as Mike
\Vcilhcimcr tallied two empty ttct goals to ice a 8-5 Big Sticks' wirt. Mike
Vchillies also scored twice for the winners.

Four different players scored for the ()ats as they advance to the semi-
finals with a 4-2 upset over the Floor Lords. Waste Prodtrct Ilockcy tallied
tltrcc times in the third period to break a 1-1 tie and stop a stubborn Red
Army squad. 4-l.

In a stunner. Sudden Dcatlt erased a 3-0 deficit and shocked Riders on
the Storm. 4—3. Dave Silvernran hid the hat trick for Sudden Death. Bobby
Siegel had a goal and an assist for Riders. ,

The semifinals saw Sudden Death keep up their winning ways to advattcc
to the championship game. Dave Silverman tallied two goals and an assist
to lead Sudden Death to a 3-2 win over Waste Product Hockey. Strddcn
Death needed strong goal lending from John Cain to preserve the win.

An AMIA council ruling has disqualiﬁed the Oats for using illegal
Players. so Mean Machine will play the Big Sticks in the League II semi-
ﬁnal game on Saturday. .,

therefore must be given the edge. '
To win in the third meeting of the

season. The Untouchables captain j

Larry Pearson believes. "We must
correct our past mistakes and if we
can do that we can have a good
chance for the championship.“

The hot man in the playoffs for
them has been Mike Gaines who
scored 26 points in their 52-37
semifinal win over The Vegetables.
Nicc-N-Easy won their semifinal
game over Doc. 49-39.

The learns are down to
semifinals irt League lll. Tltc witt-
ners of the Jabbar Division. The
Surgeons (9-0) take on Potential
(7-2) irt one of the two semifinal
contests. I-‘ranklitt captains 'l'he
Surgeons. wltosc strength is tltcit
big men.

“Wc'll try to see what we cart do.
We‘ll try to get tltc ball
underneath," cotrttrrctrtcd Franklin.
The Sttr ' ‘ons are led by Ned Millcr'.
Rick Cornell and “The Hound"
('hris Kilmcr. who I‘r'rtnklin said.
“sparks the team up coating off the
bench as the si\th man." The
l’otcrttitrl's captain. Scllr Slitka.
believes that his I 'illli will “hate to
do something different to “in. Our
strength is that we havc rrirtc players
on our teutrt and we do a lot of
substituting. This gives tts a lot of
stnmintr ~- tvc don‘t get too tired."

The other scntil'imrl game pits the
if! Wct’cwohcs, who copped sc-
cotrd place itr Ilrc Rttsscll Division.
and the 9-1 llccr licllics‘ who also
had a second place firtislr. theirs itr
the Mikart ditisiotr. ’l'ltc
Werewolves are captained by Drew
Kttphrrr. wirilc Daryl llayttot is the
captain of The Beer Bellies. This
game should be extremely close as
one team tries to make it to the
finals and a possible championship.

Leagttc IV action is itr tltc
quarterfinal round with two games
already completed, Bltte Balls (ll-l)
won. 46-39. over Bortr To Dribble
and advanced to the semifinal
round. Mike Racz. the captain of

The Blue Balls. felt that his tcattr

speed is its main asset. "We‘re not I

Etti‘ 'tttrtttrﬁtixttttl

.r‘. ",

   

l
the -

r r t .-

ments Wind Down "

 

 

 

l . .

 

 

 

Werewolves‘ Kevin Mel)onouglr shoots a jumper in their League I“
quarter-final wltt ‘I‘uestluy night. (Photo: More Ilcnsehel)
/

iIN \lltllly. {IN Ulilcl IL‘tIillb, hill \“L‘
rttakc it up tvitlr ottt spccd."

lit a game that took place
Wednesday rrigltt, Conventional
()nslattghl (ii—l) defeated (ircrtt
Whitc llopc (it—l). 34-29. The game
went back and forth rrrttil tltc cttd.
(ircat eritc Hope did get within a
point late in the game. htrt
()rtslutrgltt pullcd away t'or the win
artd join The Bltrc Balls in tire
semis.

The other corttest has the
undefeated Honeymooners (7-0).
led by captain Tom Schillieto.
against Big Mo‘s (5-3) and captain
Pattl ()ccltsli. Slrillicto describes his
team as “a small. quick learn. Our
plan is to shoot from the orttside
and to bring tltcnt (Big Mo's) otrt of
their [one and get them to play
man-to-mau dcfensc‘."

()eclrsli felt that for Big Mo's to
win. they must have a fttll tcrrttt.

“We hate a good cltatrcc to win.
We've won all ottt games when
we'tc had a full learn. and we‘ll
have otrr cntirc st|ttttt| t'or this
game." 'llrc rtraitr strength of Big
Mo‘s is tltcir Inttsclc underneath the
basket.

In women‘s basketball, 'l'hc
Asubcttcs. captained by Ann Price.
tvorr the WIRA championship
M’cdrrcstlzry' night tvillt a lit—l9 win
over Tttborg Gold. Tuborg (iold
jumped ottt to an early lead. bttl tlrc
Asubettes battled back and took
control with abottt‘fivc minutes left
in the first half. The score at half-
titrre was l7-li in favor of The

Asubettes. Tttborg Gold made a ,

'aliartt comeback attempt. artd
brottglrt it to 2I-l7. but The
Asultcttcs regained control atrd
outscored its opponent 7-2 the t'cst
cf the way.

 

'-, .
‘ “1,, ....v... -'--'

 

ﬂ W...

,,....e..~

 

 

 

‘

()n Saturday, the League II Intramural hockey title will be decided when Sudden Death plays the winner of
the Mean Machine-Big Sticks contest. (Photo: Dave Asher)

    
    

 

,t

~ NW 2-" .m w...- r- wou‘y‘h—

muecsmum... Q 0

 

ol. vam No. 14

President Reaga

 

 

Press Secretary Brady
in Critical Condition

WASHINGTON (AP) President Reagan was wounded irt
chest Monday by a gunman who tried to assassinate
burst of .22-calibcr bullets from a “S
House press secretary James S. Brady was critically injtrrcd in the
blaze ol gttrritrc. Reagan “sailed through surgery" 'rccordinI t

doctors who said he’d be ready to make ‘ A. 0

Tuesday.

Two lawrncn also were wotrndcd in the blaze of gunfire

Washington Hotel.

R 'agan. 7i), t'tts reported in
stable condition as he underwent
lengthy surgery for a bttllct wotttrd
that pierced his left lung —
reportedly missing his heart by an
itrclt. Bttt Brady was said to be
lighting for his lil'c. a httllct through
his brain.

Doctors sttid Brady had tr
rrtt brain injury" and was
ill critical condition.

A youthful. sandy-haired gun-
man from suburban Denver was at-
restcd outside Ilrc Washington lrotcl
ttlrctc Reagan. Brady. a Secret Scr-
\‘icc agent and a policeman were
shot.

“Honey. I forgot to duck."
Reagan was said to have told his
wife. Nancy. as he was wheeled itrto
surgery. i

An cvctvitncss to the shooting
said the assailant. standing about It)
feet away as Reagan crrtcrgcd from
tllr' Washington Hilton Hotel after
a speech. “jtrst opened up and corr-
titrtrcd sqtrcc/ing the trigger."

'l‘lrc gunman leveled his pistol at
Reagan at close range anti fired a
burst of six sltots as the president

 

    

 

A secret service agent. foreground. a Washington polleemun. center,
and press secretary Brady lle wounded.

 

the
him with a
attrrday nrght special." eritc

presidential decisions by

outside a

stood by his limousine otrtsidc the
hotel. a rrrilc front the eritc House.
about to step into tltc car.

The shots also l'ellcrl Secret Scr-
vicc agent Titttotlry .l. McCarthy.
Ill. and policctttatt Thomas
Delalranty. 45. A Secret Service
spokesman said McCarthy was in
“stable condition on the plus side."
Hc was shot itr the chest. Dclaltatttv
was wounded at the base of his
neck. He was reported in serious
condition.

Vice President (icorgc Bush turn-
cd back from a flight to Austin.
Tcx.. and returned to Washington.
He was airborne at the little ot' the
shooting. He landed outside

’ashirrtou at dusk. and was flown
by helicopter to tire city rrrrdct cv-
traordinat'y security.

\Vltilc Bush “as ctr tottlc.
Secretary of State «\Icsrrtrdcr .\l.
llrrig. .lt. told tcprrttct'. \tlrctr
Reagan tvcrtt into surgert and \ititi:
“As of Itotv I am irt control ltcrc itr
tltc Wltitc llotrsc pcnditrg tltc return
of the vice president.“

The shooting was the ninth at»
con/inner] on page .\'f.\'

 

by Debbie Kopf

\\ thillltt'ltlll (or r |'\]\IIIIIII'II|

Thit' re/mr/t'r two working one
Il/(lt‘lt’ llit'tl_l' from the “mt/tinglon
[Ii/tun lt'/lt’l‘t‘ Vl't'i'lt‘l'tlffl' ". lmgir' inci-
(le/tt occurred.

é News FEATURE

l'clt ltcforc its cause is known. Such
wits the case itr Washington. l).('.
yesterday as sctcrttl sltots trigger-
ed a wave of chaos that cascaded
tltrotrgh tltc city and caused a cort-
ftrsion that would remain here rrrost
of tire day.

One block t'ronr the Wasltirrgton
Hilton at 2:30 in the afternoon. one
could lrctrr noises she would later
realize were shots. and ttritrtrtes later
hear the sounds of sirens that
screamed with such a sense of
urgency that httsirressrncrr and
federal bureaucrats rtrslted to the
windows of their offices to see what
ltad happened. What one saw was a
tumultuous parade of ambulances
and police cars riding on sidewalks
and the wrong side of the road--
ﬂying past in calalmity. “Hmm.”

 

 

pitutur eututn) of Al'

 

 

 

    

 

, ’ ' ' ..\
I. resident Ronald Reagan waves aml then looks up Itelore being shoved ittto the Presidential limousine ht
.‘secret hervtce agents utter being shot outside it Washington hotel testerduv. ‘

Washington, D. C. Reacts
With Shock, Anger

r'cmarkcd one. “I wonder il'anyonc
irrrportant is dying."

No ottc would know for an lrortr
who, indeed. was so itnportrrrrt btrt
the signs continued to come. Police
at every corttcr clearing the area.
atrd (rrnhulanccs blaring almost corr-
stuntly sounded tt'rtrrrnrt. ()nc did
not krtow that what she was wat-
ching were medical experts and
blood being rushed to a worrrtdcd
president.

Walking aroutrd the block to the
Hilton two hours later, llrc ustutl
bttstlc itr the Washington streets was
gorrc-—tltc background sounds of
sidewalk vetrdors had been replaced
by tltc dirt of secret service walkic-
talkics and police car radios. En-
trances to the Hilton were roped
off, but one couldn‘t help bcitrg fill-
ed with a sense of bitter disappoint-
rttent itt the curiosity-seekers who
strained to see the blood stains left
on the sidewalk.

Except for these animated few.
the crttirc city seemed in mourning
before its time as both heavy rain
and the news poured down.

Normally talkative commuters
were silent on their subway and bus
rides home. "He's making it

trim of A"

photo: (nun-«I of or

Press Secretary James Ilrudy hus
“significant brain damage."
tottgltcr for tire to cotne back to
scltool next year. htrt I'm sorry
what happened to ltitrr did." said a
yotttrd ttrcd sttrdctrt getting off the
train ironically, at tile (icorgc
Washington University Medical
Center. “Half of the people in my
class probably won't be back next
year because of the loan cutbacks,
but I figure. what the ltell. I rnigltt
as well go up artd volunteer to
ltelp or something."

And as the city slowed down for
the day orrc could hear short glimp-
ses of others' thoughts uttered irt
whispers. wondering ltow one shot.
in one half a second, on their own
turf could have started such a
panic-filled ripple that would at feet
so much.

 

 

