s

I.

my.” _'\__- .,_ «IYMK

i .
r
l
l
I
2
r
r
i
7‘:

 

 

 .4»: as

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refugee Tulsa Cops

New York (AP) They were refugees «
from junior college —- some called ’
them outlaws — but Tulsa basket-
ball coach Nolan Richardson,
himself a refugee, molded his
players into winners of 'the National
Invitation Tournament.

“If I have a-chance to shoot, I
shoot. ‘They say junior college
players are outlaws," said Golden
Hurricane forward Greg Stewart,
“but I don't believe it. Junior col-
lege players might be quicker;
they're usually smaller."

, .Stewart, a 6-foot-9 junior center,
is one of four players Richardson
brought fromlhis national junior
college championship team at
Western Texas Community College

when he departed after last season
for Tulsa. The others were guards
Phil, Spradling and Paul Pressey
and forward David Brown, all

starters this season for Tulsa.

Western Texas went 370 last
season, and Richardson’s
transplanted team compiled a 22-7

season record with a second-place ,

finish in the Missouri Valley Con-
ference tournament. Still, the

Golden Hurricane was ignored by

the NCAA tournament’s selection
committee, but Richardson hopes
Wednesday night‘s 86-84 overtime
victory over Syracuse for the NIT
title is a sample of great things to
come.

“This is one of the highest points

 AlbanyPStud‘ehttPréssM
NIT Crown "

in Tulsa basketball history,"
Richardson said. “In the dressing
room, i told the guys if we can win
one more game, it would be a grand
slam of sorts._ If we can win the
junior college title, the NIT and the
NCAA next year, I quit."

Stewart, named the NIT’s most
valuable player, scored a team-high
’ 23 points. He capped off a 12-point
run that started-midway in the se-
cond half with seven straight
points, giving Tulsa a 69-65 lead
with 7:03 to play, and he hit the
winning basket with 30 seconds left
in overtime. The Golden Hurricane
ﬁnished the season with a 26-7
record.

 

at the SA office

All Graduating-
Students

 

Anyone interested in speaking
at commencement ceremonies
should contact Gary Schatsky

436—0056 as soon 'as. possible

(4578087) or

PHILADELPHIA (AP) From here
on, there‘s no hornccourt advanv
tagc. Just renewal of a bitter Atlan-
tic Coast Conference rivalry and a
confrontation of high-powered of-
fense against unyielding defense

await in the semifinals of the
NCAA basketball tournament
Saturday.

North Carolina vs. Virginia and
Indiana vs. LSU arc the mutchups
as the Final Four fight it our for col-
lege basketball's lop prllc at the
Spectrum. Both semifinals are rated
toss-ups.

The championship game Is set for
Monday night.

Indiana won the NCAA crown in
1976, the last time the champion-
ship was decided at the Philadelphia
arena, but coach Bobby Knight said
Thursday that will be no help to his
ninth-ranked Hoosiers.

“None of these kids have ever
played there," Knight said as he put
his 24-9 team through its final prac~

could bring the same team I had in
I976, it would be an advantage."

 

 

 

0 Day classes begin in
September.

Fromm will but
APRIL 3, 1 981
CAPEER PL

held from -

City, MN. accustom.
:For a free brochure about this

I Day Programs

in Fall 19“ Sept. 11-Oct'. I8
: Evening Programs

I D Fall war Oct. l3~April 27

Address
City___._._._.._ State
Mklphl University ldllllla uurlrnu nrrr
regard la rue, color, cleed. us or sex.

 

 

 

 

    

“Phi glad l did.”

Evening classes begin in October and March.
0 Approved by the American Bar Association
I Two curriculums: general and specialized
0 Employment Assistance Included
0 Optional Internship available
A representative from Adelxhl University's Lawyer's Assistant
LBANY S N W

from waits-m. to 4:00pm. Contact

for an Individual Ippolntrnunt or mind t
Answer Opportunity for prohpoctlvo 20%"!!! which will be
' For

_30 to .
morolnfornutl‘o ,eontaet CAREER PLACEMENT
or the Lawyer's Assistant Program, Adelphi University, Garden

lists) 663-1004 or mail the coupon below to: Lawyer's Assistant
:Program. Adclphi University. Garden City. N.Y. “530
o

I f] Summer l98l June B-Aug. 28

u I931 Paralegal Training. tnc

Name ,_______.___.. Phone

___._—_—————___.._—

Attention
College
Seniors!

Enroll .
now to be a

February, I unc and

ltOEMENT Oﬁfl E

amnion 8r

career opportunity call

ADELPHI UNIVERSITY
In cooperation wrth the
Natlonal Center for

___...—

 

_._._ Zip _._.__..
he barn at individual mull uni without

IIIITNIGVID
R llllll I IIIII! ICEDIFAIIIIII
DIIII IUAIIIIL‘

 

 

 

lice at Bloominglon, Ind. “If I,

DA ID MAMEI ' BASED ON lllf N

lDNMNl'

STARTS TODAY

 

 

 

,‘Marbh=27\,v “1981‘. .. .rt :1

Syracuse, winner of the‘Blg East
Conference tournament, battled
back behird Tony ‘fRed" Brain
and Erich Santifer, taking a two,-
point lead, 71-69, with 5:53 to play
on a tip-in by freshman Scan
Kerins. After again falling behind,
hon/ever, Syracuse sent the game in-
to overtime when Santifer hit a
short jumper at the buzzerxThe
Orangemen, 22-12, went into the

overtime, however, without any of ,

their starting front line. Center Dan
Schayes had scored just four points
when he fouled out with 7:03 to go,
King Stewart a three-point play
lhi . capped his run of seven points.
Then, with 2:17 to play, Bruin foul-
ed out with 25 points, and Leo
Rautins, Syracuse's other forward,
exited I101 later.

It was tough to play with so many
fouls on us," said Rautins, a native

The Big Ten champs, who had
the homecourt advantage in the
Mideast Regionals at Bloomington
last weekendrwill be making their
third appearance at the Final Four
in the last eight years. All the learns
have been coached by Knight.

"There’s no better coach in the
regular season or the tournament
than Bobby Knight," said Bobby
Wilkerson, a member of the 1976
championship team. “It comes
down to coaching in the important
games, and Knight is the best.
That‘s why Indiana will win."

The defense will be put to the test
against LSU, the nation's fourth-
rankcd team and the highest~
scoring squad among the Final Four
with an 80.2-point average.

The Tigers, 31-3 and
Southeastern Conference regular-
season champions, will rely on for-
ward Rudy Macklin to key the of-
fense. Dcfcnsively, they hope center
Greg Cook can deny the middle to
Isiah Thomas, the Hoosiers‘ hard-
driving All-American guard.

I HE usarorpnssron.
.ssrnlnos anagram
tonal muporeiz.

JACK NICHOLSON
JESSICA LANGE

INA BOB RAFELSON FILM

. IORIMAR PRESEle RN ANDREW BRAUNSRERG PRODUCIIDR lth NICHOLSON ' IESSI
"IRE POSIMAN AlWAVS RINGS TWICE" nlSO SIARRING lOllN COLICOS ' MUgAIClD'IGIRIDIIAAEwRAmﬂSON “LM
DIRECIOR OF PIIOIOGRAPIIV SVIN NYKVISI, RSC - I‘RODUCIION DESIGNER GEORGE IfNIIINS ' EXECUIIVE PRODUCER ANDREW iiRlIllllSiiERG
CR "pl" By v M. CAIN ' PRODUCID RV CHARLES MULVEIIIIL AND ROB IWELSDR .
DIRECIED DY BOB RAI'I'ISDN ' IN ASSOCIAIIONWIIII MEIRO GOIDWVN MAYER - RUB IIIE VINTAGE BDOK ' A MIAMOUNI i’IClURE

new...» r Incurqu b, Ftlonxlrnlhclwuarrnu-
CINE 1-2-3-

NOlilllWAY MALI

DVICL BY JAMES

 

Iii EAIRI

of Toronto. “I was kind of upset
that we lost but happy with our ef—
fort.“

Neither team scored in overtime
until 2:54 was left when Brown was
fouled by Santifer and hiLbolh free
throws. Thirty-six seconds later,
Kerins, a freshman reserve, tied it
for Syracuse with a pair of free
.throws. The two teams played keep-
away, Spradling missing a short
jumper and Syracuse committing a
turnover, until Stewart' found
himself under the basket for the
winning points with 30 seconds left.

Stewart rolled around a defender
and was alone to take a pass from
the right corner ,for the layup.
Brown added I7 points for Tulsa,
.and guard Mike Anderson,
Richardson's sixth marl, scored 17.
Santifer topped Syracuse with 29.

‘ NCAA ’s Renew ACC Rivalry

Coach Dale Brown kept Macklin
out of practice earlier this week to
rest his star and give a finger injury
a chance to heal. '

lndiana and LSU are meeting for
the first time since the NCAA tour-
nament in 1955 —— a game Indiana
won, 73-62.

On the other hand, the Virginia-
North Carolina game, the nightcap
of Saturday's doubleheader, will be
the third meeting of learns this
season.

The Cavaliers, No. 5 with a 28-3
record, won both meetings as they
took lln: ACC regular-season
crown. Virginia was upset in the
tournament semifinals by
Maryland, which in lurn losl to
Carolina in the championship
game.

As in any gamc they played this
season, a great deal of Virginia's
hope for success rests with Ralph
Sampson, the 7—foot-4 sophomore
center. The All-American was a key
to both victories over the Tar Heels,
28-7, in which the Cavaliers rallied
from double-digit deficits.



4-5-6

COLONII

      
    
        
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
  

' ' time.

 

 

 

 

 

(AP) It’s been well. documented
' that teams coached by Dean Smith
have lost each ot the ‘five times
they've appeared in the ﬁnals of the
NCAA basketball tournament. But'
the veteran coach of North
Carolina remains excited about
making the Final Four for the sixth

“I wish all coaches ‘had this op-
portunity," Smith says “All four of
us are on top of this mountain."

’7'" .
l
,1

North Carolina’s Tar Heels,
. 28-7, play Atlantic Coast Con»
ference rival Virginia, 28-3, in the
semiﬁnals Saturday at the Spectrum
in Philadelphia. Indiana, 24-9,
takes on Louisiana State 31-3. in
the other malchup, with the winners
meeting Monday night for the na-
tional championship.

The battle between North
Carolina and Virginia will be their
third of the season, with the
Cavaliers roaring from behind in
the second half of each game to win
both of the previous meetings.

“We're playing with more con-
ﬁdence now,“ Smith says. "But
Virginia also is playing better."

Smith made no reference to
Ralph Sampson, Virginia's all-
everything 7-fool-4 sophomor:
center. But the Tar Heels very likely
will try to neutralize the big man.

“This will be another game, a
different place," said Sampson,
who had a total of 46 points and 24
rebounds in the two previous con-
tests. Hc expects North Carolina to
try denying him the ball, but says.

just trying to get to the basket, try»
ing to rebound a little bit more."

It will be the first meeting of the
year for Indiana and LSU. Both
learns expect to stick with the for-
mula that got them to Philadclphia.

“To counter Indiana's size, we
must rely on our quickness, and
that is the best attack we can use,"
says LSU Coach Dale Ilrown.
“Defense will dictate the course of
the game. Whether it will be up-
beat or laid back depends on what
happens.

“We've played both styles, and

we’ve been able to win both ways.
Our best style of play, obviously, is

the up-bcat style."
Indiana's Hoosiers rely heavily

“I've got to keep on playing. I'm

Albany: Studenti Pnssw, March afar-1931-

~ Who Is King Of NCAA Mountain? *.   We «Thmlc We Know , t

on an intense man-to-man defense
that often eats up fast-break of-
fenses. And their own scoring
machine, led by sophomore guard

Isiah Thomaspappears capable of -

staying with LSU.

“Things have really tgrncd
around in our last ‘ ﬁve or six
games,“ explains Indiana junior
guard Randy Wittman. “We're not
going to Philadelphia to play. we're
going to win two games.

 

Isiah Thomas

 

 

."

Adelphi University Garden City, Long island. New York 11530
mor count for something. Please send

D Yes. I want to make my sum

 

2 me the Summer '81 Bulletin and registration materials.
,E I am interested In El Undergraduate and/or D Graduate Courses
’ l

I NAME

I

I ADDRESS

E Eﬁy sure zrp

" DSL’MMER sessron

El SUMMER SESSION 1
5 JUNE 2 TO JULY 1 ' JULY 7 TO AUG. 7
I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 . . .. . . .._.,.......

It‘ll be very rough for Virginia In lake Carolina the third lime
around; if anyone can exploit Virginia's weaknesses, 11’: Dean Smith. '
Indiana plays the outstanding defense, LSU has little depth up front, '
and could be prone to foul trouble against a physical and fundamen- '
, rally sound Indiana/rant I/ne. Carolina has beaten Indiana Mice’in the !
last 15 months, once on each campus. They did il‘in December, t
without Mall Dollerty. who, to me, is the key In this tournament. I I
look for Carolina In emerge on Monday night with the title, and give
Dean Smilh his ﬁrst naliona/ championship. ‘
— Biff Fischer
Indiana has nine losses. Na learn has ever won the National Col-
legiate Basketball Championship with that nlany losses. Until now,
that is. Indiana, as I predicted back in November, will win the chain-
pionship with outstanding defense and the play of All-Allrerlcan Isiah
'Robcrls.
In order to move into lhe ﬁnals, Mideast regional winner Indiana
musl heal Louisiana SIaIe University, winner of lhe Midwesl regional.
To accomplish this, Ihey mrlsl keep lhe score low and be able to con-
lrol (he game's Iempo.
In the olher send-final, Virginia will need a grad! game from Ralph
Salllpxon. The big man will have In l)qu Nor/h Carolina, a pullcnl
It'rllll Willi good shooters. In any crrsc, the ACC will have a slrong
reprl'wnlalivr' in lht'flllalx.
Neilher Virginia or Norlh Carolina will be able to overwrite In-
rliullll. however. Willi .vlrong passing on offense and aggressive Irrall-
lo-nunl on (/Lf/i'll.ft', Indiana is Illt‘ It'll/ll Io heal.

ll'llv rllrln'l Ihr'y ll.\lt'll lo me?

— Sieve Grer'nherg

LSU has lllt‘ Illuxl ItI/t‘lil, Indiana plays Ihe has! defense, and North

‘nro/inrl '.\' group ofhig men are holler Iltun anyone 's. Iiul Virginia will
will.

Ralph Stun/mill it the single moxl disruplivcfrlrce in haskclhall io- ‘
day. He can he controlled — Nolru Dame did i! —— hul ill lhc Final
Four. Sampson will he IlIl/lt'tllfllilt‘, as will Jul/"Lolllp, who is" Shoo/in}: ~
well now ill/er shrill/ring in Illt‘ curly I'Ulllif/S.

i I look for LSU lo (Itf/i'fll Indiana, and ill Ihr'ﬁlluls', LSU will lead
' Virginia going into Illt' .\t‘l.'fill(/ Ila/f. lan Virginia will come back and
win hv raven, willl Sullipsrnl wearing Illt' net and MVP honors.

— Paul Schwartz

Virginia has Ilt't'll .t'Irollu ul/ .wuxlnl, and even Illuugh Nor/h Carolina
look lllt' t'rIIl/i‘l't'llt't' crown. Ihe Cavaliers will win llle one Illa! counts.

Why? Ralph Sampson. Scoring or nol, he can t'olllrrrl baskelhall
mum's wilh his- defense and his other offensive skills. Plll simply,
Sulllpson i.\- grew, and lil.‘ will decide the oulcome. Norlh Carolina has
their own xelrsulion in the middle in Sam Perkins, hul Sampson will
- mu‘ku llit‘frt'.sllliltlll wish he never left Shaker High.

If Soul/non ,i.v .WIIIIU/Illw slim down, Virginia will no lo 1‘]: olller
guns. hll/ I rlml'l I/rillk I/tul will he necessary.

Indiana will fl‘ll.\lr(llt‘ rull-and-gnn LSU with .l'lllarl defense and

(mo/heryear/or l/it' lillt'. Virginia by (rig/ll.
L — Bob Bel/qﬁore

 

 

corn-hing lrr gel to Ihr'jinalt', hll/ coach BohhrI Klllghl will have Io wail

 

Successful Careers
Don't Just Happen

Al the Institute for Paralegal Training we have prepared
over 4.000 college graduates for careers in law, business and
finance. After Just three months of intensive training. we will
place you In a stimulating and challenging position that offers _
professional growth and expanding career opportunities. As
a Legal Assistant you will do work traditionally performed by
attorneys and other professionals in law lirms, corporallons,
banks, government agencies and insurance compames.
Furthermore, ybu will earn graduate credit towards a Master
of Arts in Legal Studies through Antioch School of Law for all
course work completed at The 'rrstilute.

We are regarded as the nation's ﬁnest and most prestig-
ious program for training legal specialists for law firms, .
business and finance. But. as important as our academic
quality is our placement result. The Institute's placement '
servicewill findyou ajob in thecilyolyour choice. If not,youwrll
be eligible for a substantial tuition refund.

If you are a senior in high academic standing and looking
for the most practical way l4,- begin your career, contact your
Placement Office for an interview with our representative.

We will visit yonr car opus on: APRIL 6, .1981

  
  
 

The ,
IHS‘HMG 235 South 11m : treat
for --, Philadelphia. Pen rsyivanla 19103
Paralegal 'P- ‘2- (2‘ 5) 7326600

Trainan
(Opel'ﬂlodby Pursuant. ho.)

Approved by The American Bar Association i
Programs Earn Full Credit Toward MA in Legal Sludlas
through Antioch School of Law.

\

 

 

 

 

 

«ﬂ

 

