 
  

 
 

maxim-r

’ 2-5:»

:.."—'—~—‘-—".\, , —.~:“‘ M. _ «—

 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
       
     
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 

 

    

..,,......-A. . keys...

 

a}
5i

‘4'.-

........._..~ w-J‘

   

 

  

 

 

 

oglaelng God:

General Motors Rules

Ralph Nader

The lmmﬂ‘mlﬂle conception ChUI'Ch is l98l. make the taxpayers pay for preparing

located in an area of eastern Detroit known
as Poletown. lt is. by all accounts, a
beautiful, historic structure. To its
parishioners, longtime residents of this in-
tegrated. lower-middle-class neighborhood,
the church has inviolable spiritual and
cultural significance.

But not to the giant General Motors Corp
(GM). GM has stipulated that the church
must be demolished to make way for a
parking lot attached to a new Cadillac
assembly plant that the automaker pro-
poses to construct in Poletown. The pliant

city government, willing to cannibalize its,

own metropolis to give an uncompormising

GM all that it demands, is following the

company’s orders. After all. the proposed

highly automated plant will replace two
older plants GM expects to close iii Detroit
and retain about a third of the existing jobs.
The Rev. Joseph Karaslcwicz, pastor of
immaculate Conception. thinks the plant
can be built without destroying the church.
industrial design experts agree. What's
more. they believe that if GM were a little
reasonable. the automaker could design its
factory in a way that would save the
Poletown neighborhood of3.500 residents.
l,5t)0 households. l50 businesses. several
schools. a hospital and l2 churches.

GM is demanding that this entire com-
munity be demolished and cleared by the ci-
ty of Detroit. to be paid for by a $200
million federal. state and local taxpayers'
subsidy. Although the proposed assembly
ptunt use“ woutd cover only 70 acres of

hand. Genernt Moran wants to sobb‘e “[1
the entire 465 acres that includes the

Poletown community. One ltundrcd four of
these acres now comprise the old Dodge
ntain auto plant presently beittg ra/cd by
the city to make way for the Cadillac lac»
tory.

But General Motors and its chairman.
Roger Smith, are not bending to reason.
They have the city on the run with sugges-
tions that they could always build the plant
clseware. They have presented Detroit with
what they think is an invincible ultimatum
in writing: clear out the residents by May l,

the site and provide a IO-ycar property-tax
abatement if you want the new. robotizcd
factory within your city limits.

Earlier in this century workers had to
sacriﬁce too much of their health, their
time and their labor to the nation's in-
dustrial barons. Now, the people of
Poletown. whose neighborhood includes
businesses that generate more than l,000
jobs, have to sacriﬁce their home. their
businesses. churches, schools and com-
munity ties for a GM plant. What's tnore
dismaying is that GM refuses to consider
other ways of building its plant that could
save this neighborhood. GM wants "all"
of that acreage. Where to churches and
many homes now stand, for instance, GM
wants to locate a 30-acre parking lot.

Karasiewicz — or Father Joe, as he affec-
tionately is called — is not giving up. Nor
are other members of the clergy in
Poletown. in a pleading letter that turns the
Middle Ages on its head. Father Joe has
written to GM chairman Roger Smith, beg-
ging him to save the church. The church is
begging the corporation for physical salva-
tionl Father Joe's exact words are worthy

of repetition:

"Please, do save at least our church,
which is both an architectural gem and
historic structure as well. While I am aware
of the fact that His Eminence, Cardinal
[)eardcn. made it known that lie would not
oppose your project. 1 date to presume
more ‘on the spot' appreciation of the
situation here in our parish. ll~ our church
should be demolished. the resulting harm
mnlﬂcdf‘" 01” PL‘t‘Ple would be absolutely
(it‘msltttme. causing. as t can envision ll,
irreparable personal harm. "

The church pastor offered to give [th gar.
poration chairman a tour of the church. So
r‘“, “‘9 "liltlllls of General Motors have
spurned repeated requests rmm [he
l’oletown community to meet with them
and discuss alternatives whereby tltc.
"fltlltborhood could be saved anti the plant
still be built.

lf cities under pressure can condemn
churches for corporations to build plants

‘ ‘ .memﬂmg—mw
*4‘r- W M“"""‘

 

_____———-—-———-.—"'—“
w

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter to drum up sup-
port for a movement to stop 4 + 2. the
special housing program on Indian Quad. I
find it unfair for a student run body to
discriminater decide who does and who
does not get to live on the top four floors of
lndian Quad, in rooms which happen to
be highly desirable. .

i am a freshman, who will be prcrcgtster-
ing soon with only a sophomore status. so if
the 4 ' 2 rooms were open to all students on
a fair and equal basis. determined by the
proper residence hall authorities, 1 would
not get in the tower anyway. But even if l
were of junior status, l could very well not
get a room in the tower. Yet. those with
sophomore status. freshman status, or even
students previously not living on campus
could then get in because of their ability to
put on a five minute I'bull-shit” act. or
because they know people on the decision
making committee of 4 ' 2.

i am asking people who agree with inc to
help stop 4 ‘ 2. l need people who know
how to affectivcly manipulate SUNY’s
burcacratic structure. Most of all l need
people who care. By working together. we
can make SUNY housing fair for all. Please
call me at 7-5293. I need yOur help.

— Joe Benjamin

Time to Clean Up

To the Editor:

Now that the wartn weather has ﬁnally
arrived. softball fever has hit Albany. Up-
town everything sectns prepared and ready.
However. major problems exist on the
downtown campus. No detectable effort

 

 

“mew M

 

which can he built on less land (the propos-
ed Cadillac factory itself will take up less
than one-seventh of the total land ap-
propriated for the project), then surely the
corporation has become the sovereign
power. To GM the 465 acres is valuable real
estate; to the people of Poletown this
acreage has been the site of their ltomcs
churches and workplaces for decades. ’

Readers who wish to help save the chur-
ches and community of Poletown can write
to Poletown Neighborhood Council, lm-
maculatc Conception Church, 3414
Trombly, Detroit, Mich. 4821i.

 

 

 
  

we“ stamiqu W055 canths, At

 

 

V

 

-L SUW‘CV “‘5 mm'w'v‘n’iﬁriohs' Volley
+0 Mam $c<n1l Q/Z‘uoiikc/ .N (MK
[Kenyan :

Kc

  

"H5 iitliv-YT we Re no
A "mm" “"‘QUM axiom:

 

w I'm-m on»! A » mo . \--. m. H...“ 4. wmrnﬂﬁﬂl“ “Mme”. .. ... ......... .. .....
r amt...» . w. -
I s . l
I I I I . . .. . " "
.

 

a‘ﬁ'

f   

\

has been made to clean up the fields.
Whether it be the AMlA or downtown cam.

pus, someone must take the responsibility,

Besides the poor condition of these ﬁelds.

located just off Washington Avenue. glass

is scattered practically everywhere. not to

mention dog shit. in a recent game, plilycrk,
involved attempted to clean and avoid the
glass. but one player was cut while sliding
and required eight stitches in his hand
because of the glass.

Also disturbing was the fact that the Hill-
pircs were totally unprepared for such n
situation. having to wait fifteen minutes un-
til a ﬁrst aid kit arrived. Later S-Quad was
finally called. Such conditions are in-
tolerable. Those participating in in.
tramurals should not have to worry about
injury because of poorly kept fields. 0n lltc
uptown campus, money seems to be
allocated to keep the fields clean and
usable. Why can't such measures be taken
downtown as well? It is the same school. I
hope something can be done to intptovc
such conditions, before many more are in-
jured.

— 'l'he ()ats

Walki_nlAlone

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter for all thmc
women who feel that it is safe to walk about
campus unaccompanied. late at night. last
Saturday night I became painfully aware n1
just how dangerous this action is. I would
like to relate my story in the hopes titul
other women will not have to experience
what 1 fclt certain would never happen to
me.
Although i feel that it is not possible for
written words to express the fear and
dcgradatiort one feels when one is sexually
molested. | write with the faith that the
essence of the incident will be conveyed.

l was half way between the gym and
Dutch Quad. Saturday night. when a fully
disrobcd male emerged from the pine trcci.
and approached me. At first i reacted with
naive disbelief. however within seconds the
naked truth became as apparent as the
nakedness of my attacker. The helplessness
l felt as this obviously sick man physically
restrained and violated me made evident the
vulnerability of a woman walking alone
on campus or elsewhere. i feel that details
arc.unncccssary except to say that by re-
matning calm throughout the incident I was
able to escape further harm and abuse from
this man.

This testimonial should make clear the
obvious danger and risk involved whenever
a woman walks about alone at night. Un—
fortunately, l had to write this letter, and
could preach about the decadence of
modern society. however this is not the
potnt l wish to make. The motivating force
behind by writing is to make women aware.
Hopefully every woman that reads this will
think twice about her safety when walkinL‘
about alone. i

— Name Withheld Upon Request

Begetting Violence

To the Editor:

lwish to respond to an editorial page let»
tcr written by Mr. Douglas Wolf. “(ituh
Don't Kill" (ASP, April 3). There arc
several inaccuracies in Mr. Wolf's t'cspnnw
that. should be cleared up.

First of all. Mr. Wolf implies that Tim»
day‘s editorial called for the categorical
elimination of handguns. The editorial ac-
tually said that “the goal of eliminating
l‘andsuns is idealistic and unrealistic.
llowevcr. we must never cease in tryint‘ l“
II/m'l handguns and the destruction tlm
cause."

Mr. Wolf also states that. “A Cl'lllllllill
does not get his weapon legally now.“ and
Yet John Lennon and Ronald Reagan um.-
both shot with legally bought llillltlt'tlll'.
Mr. Wolf wonders how law-abiding Cill.'L|l‘
W'” Protect themselves from Cllttijttttlw II
handttuns are made illegal. it is a out will
mcmaf)’ 0n ottr society that guns of Illn
lypc must be used for “defense” but it n

 

F-‘W-WM-watu, . ....» ....

  

 

 

 

 

 

t

 

 

 

  

.. .x .t

 

Photo: Sun. Stank-III?

  

 

 

 

 

     
     
      
     
    

    
 

 
  

Thrills! Chillsl Excitement! The
'director of Victims of Duty
discusses’her craft on page Go.

 

 

      
 

I Fred moves out of the comics and
into the streets. and other diver»
Stone on page So.

   

 
 

A coast-to-coast conversation
with Richard Rush - high-ﬂying
director of The Stunt Man.~ See
page 7:.

 

   
 



 

 

  
 
 

 

 

-. w...

 

 

 

 

