K <.W»4~I~W'1'_"v‘ ‘

 «rm-w who“... .  .

~v~il|-‘"“M m. .

 

 

 

Would Capsules

 

 

Crane Attacks “ﬂies”

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Invoking the name of
Ronald Reagan and the specter of "bomb-throwers,
spin and revolutionaries," a group of conservatives is
trying to revive a congressional committee disbanded
after controversy aver its  into comrmmiat
influence in the United sates. “You can help President
Reagan close the door to wild revolutionaries." writes
Rep. Daniel Crane. 11-01., in a recent fund-raising letter.

“I need “4.8m to kick off my anti-terrorism cam-
paign." The letter does not say how the funds will be us—
ed, but it is sprinkled with. references to Reagan’s need
to reconstitute the House Internal Security Committee.

successor to the old House Committee on Un~American

Activitia- Deputy White House press secretary Larry

Speakea said there would be no comment on the letter.

Reagan has reached no opinion on whether a new con-
gressional investigation of terrorist organizations is
needed, Speaker said. Crane insists it is.

Murder Charges Made

LAS VEGAS, Nevada (AP) A ll—yeaLold busboy‘ who
told police he turned in the alarm on the Las Vegas
Hilton ﬁre has been booked on eight counts of murder
in the blaze, which sent a column of flame roaring up
the side of the country‘s largest hotel. Homicide detec-
tives said Wednesday night they had arrested Philip
Bruce Cline after the room service busboy made
“inconsistent statements" about his role in the biggest
of the four fires deliberately set in the hotel Tuesday
night- The blaze-the second large and deadly hotel fire in
Las Vegas in three months—killed eight people and im
jured I98. Hospitals had said that 242 people were hurt.
but officials later said that ﬁgure was incorrect. Cline
told The San Diego Evening Tribune before his arrest
that he tried to put out the fire on the eighth floor with
water carried in a trash can. When that failed. Cline said
he ran down the hall, knocking on doors to warn guests.
The bl‘ShO) also was booked on one count of arson. Of-
ficials had no explanation immediately for the three
other fires.

US. Recession Predicted

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) The Reagan administra-
tion, retreating from an early. rmicr prediction. is
forecasting inﬂation of slightly more than 8 percent in
l982 and little change in unemployment Over the next
two years as its economic recovery plan take; hold,
sources; say. Several sources. who asked not to be iden-
tified, also said Wednesday that the president's
economic forecast would concede the po-isihihty of a
"technical recession" this year -— a slight dip in
economic growth for at least two consecutive quarters.
in sharp contrait to an earlier prediction, the ad-
ministration Will forecast economic urovvth in IQSZ of
only l percent to 1 percent. source-i ‘lald, ﬁource-i said
the administration would predict grewth of a robust 5
percent and more moderate inﬂation of about 6.15 per-
ccnt in 19133. The earlier prediction of more rapid
economic grewth — as high a; 7 percent next year —
and inflation falling dramatically to 6.5 percent new
year was hit by critics ail implausible. Ont: iource will
the administration cvpects a ilighr increase in unemploy‘
mcnt this year and a small drop in 1982. leaving lhe
jobless rate at the end of 1982 about the some as last
month's 7.4 percent rate.

 

 

 

 

Birth Control Use 'Debated ,

Wabingtnu, D.C. (AP) Sen. Alfonse D’Amato has
signed up as CO—‘ipnl‘lllor ot' a proposed conitritiitional
amendment that could outlaw tom: of the most: popular
form-i of birth control. D'Amiito, R-N.Y.. refuiied
repeated requemi over a week long period to discuss his:
position on the measure. which lll primarily aimed at
Overturning the US. Supreme Court ban on anti—
abortion laws. “Thiii issue iii very personal with him,"
said D’Amato'i ipokeriman. Gary Lewi, explaining the
senator’s reluctance to be interviewed on the vuhjcci.
"He wants to get on to issues of more pressing concern
to New York itate." Lewi added. However. D’Amuto
was quoted in the Feb. 16 issue of New York Magazine
as saying aasenionii by both advocatei and opponents
that the proposed amendment would bun birth control
pills and hum—uterine devicei (NJ 0‘” were "flllliilllollli. "
He raid that if the amendment reached the Senate I'lnur
he would "make sure that the legislative intent of the
amendment speciﬁes that we’re not out to stop birth
control." The courts inmetiine consider vtatmnemi
made during congressional debate when they are inter-
preting a particular law. During hlll Senate campaign.
D’Amuto, a Catholic. was an outspoken opponent of
legalized abortionii even in caries involving rape. incl-st

orwheotbelifeol'thenwthermendansered—Bimheib
not believed tobnveaddtessedthequesti‘omoﬂbi‘nthicom-
trol. The walled “proﬁle” W. which
D’Amatohasngreedmcotpamorwi‘tbmresie
Helms, R-S.C,, states: “"l'he paramount night to life is
vested in each human being from the moment oil fen-
 without regard to age, health or condition of
dependency." The National Organization for Women.
which opposes the amendment. charges that it would
prohibit birth control pills and mm, most of which not
after fertilization to prevent a fertilized egg from being
implanted in the uterus.

/
W

WARSAW, Poland (AP) Poland's new military premier
today called for a three-month moratorium on strikes
and warned that the Communist regime has “enough
power" to halt further disruptions by the independent
union Solidarity that he said could lead to “fratricidal
war." He also announced anorher wide~sweeping
governmental purge. “l am calling on all trade unions
with an appeal: let us stop all strikes. I am asking you
for three months of honest work. 90 days of calm. to put
some order in our economy." Gen. Wojciech laruzelski
said in his ﬁrst public address since bcir'ig approved by
the Parliament on Wednesday. “Forces of evil have
been attempting to pcnetrarc Solidarity and lead it
toward false positions, anarchy and derailment of
socialism. People in the new unions should not let
themselves be pressured. Further destructive activities
may lead to conﬂict and to a fratricidal war.

___/
Trip Costs N. Y. $24, 000

Albany, N.Y. (AP) 00v. Hugh Carey's eight-day trip to
Japan will cost slate latpayers about $24.01!), according
to his press office. It would have been more. but Carey
and certain aides received some free plane rides and
other corporate generosity. An lbporson official
delegation led by Carey visited Japan and Hong Kong
last week. The governor said the purpose of ll'lC trip was
to promote investment in New York state. Carey's press
office released Wednesday a general accounting of the
costs of the trip and how they were handled. Carey. his
top aide Robert Morgado. and Commerce Commis-
sioner William HaSSCll all received frcc plane rides from
Pan American for much of the trip. the statement said.
Only their plane rides from New York City to Hawaii on
the way to Japan will be paid by the state.

 

CAMpus Bniefs

 

 

Step Out for Valentines

The Eighth Step Coffeehouse, located .11 I4 \‘ullct.
Street. Albany. has announced their plans for a mullc’v
filled Valentine's Day weekend.

Tonight they will prescnl .1 Valentine: (,t-I-uumu (fon-
tradance .ii the l‘-.mimimn-.l Baptist (.‘hlirch. 27.‘ ﬁrst:
Street (Jo-trumps .iru viii-numucil inI not rcquucd. The
Continuance humus: .ll R245 p.m.; .llll‘lllfl‘lliﬂ’l 1; Si.

Saturday thi- (' m‘I‘vvlu‘unw \l‘lll :pomor a benefit
country-folk «tourism for the Albany (.ounry lail
Library. Many \vuiiilull and his: country hand, and folk
municiuns Tom Willlllt‘iw. and loan Kovhy and Paul
Mcvcetl will huinu .ii ILH pm. at the Coffeehouve. Ad-
mimunn ii: TH!) lien-nail and ‘53 for members. Proceeds
from Ihu: perfm'mamzn .vill be used to purchase new
books for the library.

The Nick Bognnla Quartet will be in concert in the
(.‘nt‘t'cuhmme‘i Iip'ilalr‘l hall Sunday. February 15. Begin-
niniiI at 8:45 pm, admission is 53.50 general. 33 for
members. Tickets are available at Community Box Of—
t’ici: and at the door,

Scholarships Offered

Thirty full-tuition. all—expense scholarships to :1 ﬁve-
day direct marketing Collegiate institute at Westchestct
County. NY, April 1247. 1981 are now available to
seniors majoring in advertising, marketing. journalism.
communications and iimilar fields. from the Direct Mail
Marketing Educational Foundation. lnc..

Succeiieil‘ul applicants will get a practical introduction
in hiiiiu: direct murkcnng and direct mail techniques
under the guidance of a dozen mp practitioners m the
miirkeiimi iiuhisiu'y.

A puiicl of direct nuirkiitinyj induetll‘y executives ‘ldldL'H
liiiiiiimc ‘lt:llt1llll"lllll) recipients humid on: faculty recom-
mciiilxiiionu; Ihn uuilivms' academic minding; nut-ruin in
advertising and marketing; and record of extrnw
cui'i'iculiir iclinol-ruluictl inclivliius and citipliiyiiium'.

Scholarship :Ippllciiiinui; Ill‘c :wnilnlilu from pmfu.
or the quiduiinii. limited (if s Emu 411m Street. N, r ..
MY. llllllV (Zl’llnilll-«l‘l’l’l. ‘l’lluy llllllll‘ ha munivuil
together Wllll a |)l'l‘ll‘dlil€m"~i iucniiimciululInii- form. by

 

klvlurch 5 , I‘llll.

 

____________..———-—
USSR Accuses U.S.
WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Secretary of State Alex-
ander M. Hal; is weighing a response to the Soviet
Union's violation of diplomatic protocol in releasing a
conﬁdential eonnnunication accusing the United State,
of interference in Poland and antagonism toward the
Kremlin. U.S. officials were described a;
“flabbergasted” by the Soviet action, a further Sign or
hardening relations between the two superpowers since
President Reagan tool: ofﬁce. The Central topic of the
message from Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyin
involved the two superpowers' roles in the evolving
situation in Poland. where communist leaders are striv-
ing to cope with labor unrest that threatens the govern.
mental structure of the nation.

Pigline Wastes Allowed

ALBANY. NY. (AP) The state’s highest court ruled
yesterday that a plan by the SCA Chemical Waste Scr.
vices, Inc. to move treated industrial wastes through a
pipeline to the Niagara River does not violate local Io;..
ing laws. The decision by the Court of Appeals afﬁrm. a
decision by the Appellate Division, which rejected {ht
Niagara County Town of Porter's contention that 1h»;
pipeline, as an industrial activity. should be pfi'lhlfllli:J
from traversing the town's agricultural. rcildcnllli, and
environmental zones. The company. which durum. m
hazardous industrial wastes. was granted permlnivm ‘rg.
the state Department of Environmental COHSCFHJIIUI} u.
1974 to build a S-mile pipeline directly m 10: .Vld.‘;:'.t
River north of Niagara Falls. The plpClil’lC w... _..n
pleted in December. Over the objections of 'h: mm
which denied permits for excavation. communion. .ml
special use but was overruled by the state DH and lllc
courts. Meanwhile. Environmental Conservation (join-
missioner Robert Flackc on Jan. 9 revolt-1t! SCAR
discharge permits because waste material stored in
ponds on the firm's property did not meet slalt' nan~
dards for discharge. The high court's ruling clean ilu-
way for the firm to use the pipeline. but .ls slalc pctmll
does not allow it to discharge until spring. aI’it-r lhc river
is clear of ice. In a dissenting opinion. Judgi- Dorm-nick
Gabrielli wrote that the firm's hual - ~ “I. 1.» nun.
store. and dispose of hazardous industrial mlid and Il-
quids" and lhal the pipeline “will form an mlciirill pint
of that disposal process and IS to bC um] "Tllj- Inr lll-
dustrial purposes.

Museum Exhibits Culture

(iIlIIiic illlLl
l\ on

i

l.

 

A freestanding exhibit of "chhh
llcrilagc." on loan from the Stat: \llhclllll.
display in the second floor Rcd L'arpci Lounge 01
SUNYA‘S library. The photos and gruplucv. \\ii|I nt-
companying copy. may be viewed during pmictl lihiul)
hours through March 3|.l

The exhibit win created in conjunction “llll ll ctunw
laugh! by Associate Professor of English Slirnli ('olicn
through lllC Cnpillll Dislllcl llunmnilics Project.
Various aspects of .lcwisli-American liI‘c urc dcpiclctl.
including an litist European village. the passage In
America of iniiiiigrunls. the Lower liiisl Sitlc. :Iiitl llic
Jewish-Americh Writer.

In addition In llu‘ SIIIIc Museum exhibit. the library
has put Illut‘llli‘l u i niiipiiulmi display or pcrstmul items
luiuiml by l “lull .uhl .u-wml Illt'lllllI‘H of the library
vlull llu; vmuuhmtulmi 'ilum I uunlnlv of examples of
ll'wlollllllllllllllI-illlll iullmv lll\1IIl|IIl‘. Immv.

Il‘runlcr lo Li ('Iurc

mu pulilh u. unum in Ii‘li-luulv um t'nllulc W'Ilh
Lillipul hlllthJl, miIIIiIm‘I. uInl lmum I ll. l-iii/ici‘ this
HIIIIIulIw. llI Allllllll‘ l‘llllllv‘ l Iluuu lII linimi of “luck
IlIvIuii MuIIlh. l‘lillllll “Ill ll\'ll\$‘l\\l|<\lv' .qu .liwuss the
vvululluu “1 HIV llltlvk Ivliyguuu wuiul «ml in unimrl on
l‘tlllll‘llll‘l‘lill)‘ Ann-man Illlhhl l’liiv ll\'\‘ mogul“ will
brulu (ll ll ILIII. lll llll‘ l ll‘ldl\'\ lnl \Vaxluuelou Awnin-
llinuvli.

luvluilnl in Album l'IIlilIt' lll‘lill\'\ \‘K‘ll‘l‘lJlli‘ll of
llluvk l‘iIlIIIIi- I\ an minim of clll «nil wuliiinw In Black
mum. Among Ilu- oilyiiml \vvuk ill\\l ii-Iuwlucumn on
lll\|‘ll\)' «lining. l‘k‘lllll'dl) ‘\|\' mukv hv Album llis‘l‘
Srhunl Allllll'llh. l‘lIc vxluhu mu lu- wcn on lhc lll\l .‘lltl
wcmul llnuix dining Iruultu lilumv llullh: 9 .i in. in ‘l
p.m. hex-lids“. 0 5|.IIL Iu \ p.m. Stuuixlsh. ,uul l l\\ 5
p.m. Suiuluys.

Similar: to Speak

Members of the local All lluc \‘uuuuitiw on H
Salvador will confront Albany Congressman Samuel
Srtatton on US, military am to [El Salvatlm's
“militaty‘civlllnn” regime tonight at the Albany l'ublic
Library. Strulmn will be at the lihiai) 'M In!
Washington Avenue. from 7:30 p.m.-92w put. to field
questions on domestic a'nd foreign policy issues.

Sirntron ht chair of the House Armed Services (our
mine: and one of the more inﬂuential Illembcts of the
llfnuviu whim: military policy is concerned.

 

#J

 

 

 

 

 

February 13, 198]

Albany Student Press

Budget Hurts 'Int’l Students

by Sylvla Saunders

SUNYA's inlcrnationnl students
are joining the rest of the campus in
complaining about the increasing
tuition costs and budget cuts.

According to SUNY's mosl rc-
ccnt announcements. out-of-sltilc
students will lose financial aid and
waivers which accompany assistant-
ships. At least 70 pcrccnI of the
waivers will have 10 be reduced
from $1 .425.000 to $400.1XX), accor-
ding to International Students
Assislanl Dcmi Paul Will'd.

Slllllcnlh \vitli ussislanlships will
have to pay up to $1400 in addi-
tional IuiIion. Current tilloculions
for llSSlSlalllSlllDS amount to
$125,000 In liclp approxiiiiiilcly 80
students. This figure will be reduced
10 $36,000.

\VL' fccl i1 is

unfair that lhc

burden of the butlch is nol equally
shared by llll groups." said Interna-
llUlllll SIIItlcnls Association (ISA)
Mob 11m mud

l’t'csitlcnl Akbar

  

Khan. “We hope to show ad-
minislrnllon how important it is to
have out-of-stalc students on this
campus and in the US."

He said the cuts will affect at
least 72 percent of the out-of—slatc
community. This year SUNYA has
476 sludcnls from 79 foreign coun-
tries. This figure is up 50 percent
from two years ago, according to
Ward.

This school attracted foreign
sludcnls by having waivers and
assistanlships. They wouldn‘t be
here otherwise," Klinn said. "In
addition. many oftlicm couldn't af-
ford 10 be here otherwise. They rely
on the waiver. Many sludcnls tire
surviving on their assislaiilships."

Khiin said it is equally important
to the university to conlinuc its in-
lClllﬂllOnlll program. “It is vital to
have llll opt-n policy In improve the
inlcrntilionzil relationships and the
reputation of the school discourag-
ing foreign students sets ll butl im-

SUNYA (.‘in' uml Lesbian Alliance President Mike Mcl iirllln
I’I'u/ii/Ii/ini.‘ warm/l r/ivtv'imiIm/imi is (l klfl‘ tramp.

lilllull‘ HI“ :nmun

prcssion to more than 70 coun-
tries." he said.

In addition, Khan said that the
international program draws the
best qualiﬁed applicants to the
school. The spirit of competition
makes the reputation of the scl‘ool
better, he said. “Open compcliliou
from everywhere brings in talent.
The physics department runs almost
completely on foreign students.
Top~nolcli sludcnts will not be at-
lraclcd 10 our physics department
without financial incentive."

Khan said research is also im-
proved by the presence of interna-
tional sludcnls. “People jusl don't
realize how much foreign students
add 10 the community." he said.

The rccciil tuition hike amounlcd
l0 $20.5 million which will be used
ncxl year to offscl the cuts which
have been made. “This. however.
leaves a $40 million gun. We don't
know how that $20 million will he
tipplictl." Welcli explained.

 

ISA I'resldcnl Mohammad Akbar Khan

     

ll .
.177.

nholu: err llrnxhrl

Hupt’s to show [he imporlancc (if/arciin students

Wclch said he didn't know tiny of
the rcsIorIIIioii details or whether
Ilic inlcrnuliontil students would
benefit.

“No one is happy \\'llll llIc
butlpct culs.” Wclch said. “And we
i‘ccnpni/c Ilic impuritich of the ill-
Icriiuliuniil hllltlt‘lll's program.

Gay Conference is

by Ill-Ill Stu-r

Reprcscnltilivcs from guy and les-
biun otgiIIIi/iilions Ihroughoul Ihc
SUNY system will inch lll SUNYA
this weekend In discuss policies lllltl
sli'nlcgics rcluIing In guy I'llllllh.

According In SUNYA (my and
Lesbian Alliance l’rcsitlcnl Mike
Mcl‘uriliii. one of llll.‘ key issues to
be discussed ill IlIc conference is Ilic
ulluinmcm of ll policy statement
from SUNY Cliiinccllcr (‘liI'Ioii
Wliiii‘loii. .ll‘.
disci'iiniliulimi litisctl on sexual or
iil'fcctitintil pi'cl'crcucc. "

TllC statement would be similar
In the policy sinlcmcnl issuctl‘hy

Undergraduate Awards Offered

by .ludlc liiscnherg

For the first time on u univcrsily—
with: level. SUNYA iidmiiiisli'aIion
and facully will nionclurily reward
undergraduates for oulsltinding
rcscurcli uchicvcmcnl.

Presidcnl Vincent ()‘Lcury :ui—
nouiiccd lllSl September the llllOCll-
lion of $2,000 annually for
l’rcsidcnliul Awards for
Uiitlcrgruduulc Rcscurch.

According to the Undergraduate
Sludics Dciin Helen Dcsfosscs. the
awards will not be judged on the
basis of the sludcnls' grade point
averages (G.P.A,). but on a major
paper or project students work on

Under ruduiilc Slutllcs Dean Ilclen

(Ill/1' If) ('htmgc I’lt' lllll

under the supervision of a faculty
member.

"The administration and faculty
wunt 10 help in changing Ilic
(university's) G.l’.A. fixation."
Dcsfosscs said.

The Honor Committee of Hit:
Undergraduate Council Chair. Dr.
Mnrlliti Rtwcll. explained llllll the
research projects could be papers
written for classes or independent
slutlics, and “should be creative.
original. and iipprnpriulc 10 the
given discipline." Slic sllggcslctl as
possible prnjccls “ll lupc llh’ldt‘ by El
music major. ll ptiiiiling made by an
("I mujnr, ii short slm'y. or ti crilictil

  

Dcsfosses Il'NlltI: lll'ﬁ

(‘ PA. f. (II/(l .

paper."
liitcrcslcd juniors and seniors
should begin to contacl their

department chairs and fricully ad-
visors and prepare ilicir works for
the April I submission deadline.
Dcsfosscs said. Committees within
each college will nomiiiiilc can-
didnlcs to the Honors Committee of
the Undergraduate Academic
Council. A final decision will be
reached by May 1.

According to Dcsfosscs, an
honors convocation will be held
May 23. the day before commence-
ment. to recognize the award reci-
piciils' “hard work and academic
achievement."

Rozctt said the allocation was
divided into 20 awards of $100
each, based on “proportionate
enrollment in each college. Thch
are four awards available for ma-
jors in the Humanities and Fine
Arls. three for Science and
Mathematics. live for Social rind

continued on page .rcvcn

"prohibiting

SUNYA l’rcsldcnl Vinccnl (Henry
lust swing regarding (llNL‘l'lllllllllllnll
tigiiiiisl guys.

The conference is In lit-gin
Ionighl in 7:30 p.m. with ll Icclurc
by Melvin BOO/Cf, aI gay. black
l'cniiiiisl who was noiiiinulctl for the
[1.5. Viccvl’rcsidcncy :II Ihc 1980
Democratic convcnlimi. llnwcr is It
bniirtl incliibcr of IIIc Nhlimiul (lily
'l'tisk l'nlcc iuitl iv Iiclivc iii lllL‘
Washington. D.C. (‘1in Activist
Alliance.

llun/cr will talk about his posi—
tion its :1 lllililh lcutlcr in ii
predominantly white gay/lesbian

righls iiiuvcnicnl.

Wc'll lﬂkL’ whatever steps are possi-
ble.“

Khan Sllld llis association will also
conlinuc their cfforls. “If the
financial fill] and waivers ttrcii’l pill
back in the hudgcl. we will pro-
bably sponsor it SllllL'~\\’ldL‘ convcm
lion and dcmunstrmc." ’

Planned

TllL‘ conference will continue
Stilui'tlay ul 9200 p.m. when
rcprcscnlulivcs from SUNY
guy/lesbian organizations will inch
in lht' Assembly Hall in lllL‘ Campus
('t'nlcr tintl nrgtini/c into

workshops.

On Sunday lllL' Capitol Disliicl
(lay l’oliliciil Caucus will hosl ti
conference (0 discuss “slrulcgiling
on legal. inIIc-ivitlc issues," One
tivpcci of th‘ll' discussion will he the
rcccrtl I'L'Pt'lll of the New York sltilc
sodomy law. which, Mcl’tirllin
said. discriminiilcd against the gay
community.

 

 

Center Ballroom to give students

lnllnns such as it scene from a play,

 

    

The SA Group l-‘ulr was held Tuesday and Wednesday In the Campus

and 1: dance roullnc by the Dimes Councll.

an opportunity to speak with SA

group rcprcscnlullvcs rind learn how their SA fee dollars are spent.
Leaders of 120 SA groups displayed visual depictions of their
orgunlzullons and lliclr pnsl uccompllshmcnls from 10:00 p.m. lo 4:00
p.m. tlurliig the two days. The event was hlghllghlcd by special presen-

ii comic roullnc. n judo exhlblllon. .
photo: Mlh Full"

 

Students Call Carey to Complain

by Marlon lllllcl

SASU lllld Student Union (SU)
held ii “Governor Curcy Cull-in
Duy“ Wednesday Io protest llic
proposed $l50 luilion liikc.

Sludcnls were urgctl 10 contact
the governor and request that he
not umcnd his original budch It) in-
cludc the tuition increase for
SUNY.

The proposal to raise tuition was

~..~ ~.......

approved. under SUNY Chancellor
Clifton Wluirlon's rccouimcndu-
lion. lll u SUNY Board of Tiuslccs
mccling Wednesday.

SASU llntl SU believe that
pressuring Ilic Governor as well as
lobbying llic legislature will have
significant impact on Ilic outcome
of this issue.

According to SA Vice-President
llriiui chthlic SUNY Bourd of

I

ill ‘I;

v...»....-.u.‘...........\-  l"

Trustees voted on Wednesday to
ask the Governor for the amend-
ment. ‘Howcvcr. Carey has until
February I9 to make a ﬁnal deci-
sion.

A spcciiil assistant to the Gover-
nor, who received sliidcnls' phone
calls throughout the tiny, remarked.
“We are always available to answer
questions concerning the needs of
the studenls." '

I: .1  s l 1‘3" I.".l.\'“.i l i'.i'i.:".|

 

 

 

 

 

 

