  
 
 

 ....w~:....._. .

  
      
   
    
 
     
    
     
     
     
  
  
 
 
  

  
   
   

r0 '
“Charlotte wanted to be everything em-
bodied in that single phrase which she had
read In a book called How to Blow Your
Own Mind. lt lay open underneath the
register for her to glance at between
customers. Charlotte's leave-of-absence

Anne Bers.

from collegeTv‘as her flrs't"laste of freedom,
and she felt as if her life had been handed
back to her. Feeling rich in time and

perogative. she spent her minutes with the-

lavishness and urgency of a sailor on shore
leave. She operated under the notion that
whatever she would do during that period
would be the thing that took her with the
most force and swept her up in its vortexes
and crosscurrents; whichever tributary of the
fast flowing river of experience she would be
drawn into. Would surely deposit her back
into the swift confluences of destiny.
She was beginning to loathe her Job at the
bookstore. punching digits for dry hours
behind a machine that her supervisor. Mrs.
Force. had more respect for than any of the
employees. Charlotte felt certain that she
had not been called upon by the Fates to do
the job of a trained monkey. Was there a test
for this? She took the book out to look for an
answer. a sign. in bold letters the words
read: LET THE MANY-PETALED LOTUS

"human."l by 5“ Benjamin

His pitch black suit stood out like his
sound. My mind watched him unceasingly.
and even the black room. with its bright lights
shining over the dance floor. could not en-
tice me from my stubborn staring. In the
background. the sound of expensive shoes
hitting the glassy surface. the clapping. and
the cutting clatter of the night's finest. meld-

ed to complete the Scene.

Rob Edelstein

The man stopped wailing and all boomed
their approval. Soon. he continued with the
sound — this time a little and more
suited to the tastes of those with the energy
to move. l felt surrounded by warmth and
the brightness of the muted trumpet. which
backed the man In black. He grabbed his
clarinet like a tender babe in arms. and
breathed life —— a life that flowed through my
zery veins: a life which all others couldn't
eel.

His lingers danced the Charleston and a
breeze slashed my spine. cutting me open.

 

GUlDE YOU.

She closed her eyes and groped for the
image of the lotus again. when she felt a
linger pressing into her shoulder. She turned
to face a grimacing Mrs. Force who was car-
rying a stack of The Annotated Sherlock
Holmes. Force withdrew her linger. "Put it
away. Now." she ordered. Charlotte put the
book under the register calmly. as Force
“ down the Dyer-sized Book aisle.

Charlotte thought her composure was
what baffled Force. who interpreted it as a
sign of weak will and stupidity. Force pro-
bably felt that severe discipline would help to
strengthen the character of a spineless
Jellyfish. .

Force. unlike Charlotte. believed in the
sanctity of retail book sales. She saw
Charlotte as a heathen menial. forever
bolloxlng up the sacred order. it was her du—
ty to protect the ranks. to be Mother
Superior to the Holy Register Virgins. keep‘
ing them poised and alert to the constant
onslaught of eager converts.

Charlotte had no choice but to sit staring
straight ahead at Children's Books where
graying Mrs. McDumphey could be seen
leading a six-year-old by the hand. This
made Charlotte think of how nice and
helpful Mrs. McDumphey had been from the
start. but it was depressing to think that she
had recently discovered the tic In McDum'
phey's cltaracter.

 

My blood raced and l tingled.

From where l sat. my mind could see her
sing. She made love to a microphone. every
night with the art of a perfectionist. She was
a seductress who swayed as the vibrations
echoed from her voice. The black cord that
fell limp from the jack seemed to draw life
from her presence. lt hopped up and. in a
slithering motion. coiled around the back of
her ankle. dancing with the music while car—
resslng the starlight trim on the cut of her red
dress. She cried for real love every night and
went through life doing the same. Just like

._ m. .~ .

     

 
  
   
 
 
  
  
     
     
      
     
   
  

 

 

 

 

 

' .4 cm... .. ~-

 

 

lt had happened after lunch. Charlotte
and Mrs. McDumphey usually ate with the
middle-aged ladies who complained con-
stantly about their husbands, whom
Charlotte thought of collectively as one pot-
bellied man who liked a hard mattress. had
been recently laid off. and was dying of em-
physema. By the end of the hour, Mrs.
McDumphey usually announced that the
room was getting too “smoked-up" for her
Charlotte would follow her up to Children's
Books where they chatted and shelved
books for the last ten minutes even though
they weren‘t being paid to.

One day. after Charlotte had followed
kind. arthritic Mrs. McD un the stairs. she
asked off-handedly why she was so
dedicated to the bookstore when after seven
years they hadn't offered her a promotion or
a worthwhile raise. or stopped checking her
bags for theft like they did with the newer
employees. Mrs. McD had smiled kindly and
said she had been given compensalon
enough -— and could Charlottte please help
lift down a box of Mother Gooses's ABC's.
Charlotte thought the smile and the
terse reply just one big fake. and that Mrs.
McD was hurting inside but was afraid to say
anything against the bookstore. She was also
a little hun that Mrs. McDumphy didn't feel
she could confide In Charlotte. especially
since she had shared her lotus with the
woman. So Charlotte stopped following
Mrs. McD upstairs. although she couldn't ex-
plain why. She preferred to remain for the
last ten minutes of lunch break In the
“smoked-up" lounge with the middle-aged
ladies complaining over strong black coffees.

McDumphey and the six-year-old disap—
peared behind a tower of packing crates. and
there was no longer anything to look at. She
promised herself she would leave soon. Yet.
why had destiny placed her there?
DiSlmflcdlv.. she consulted the book again
— and opening it up to a random page. let
these words etch themselves into her brain:
USE THE LOTUS TO HEAL. But she
wasn't Ill. so how did it apply to her? She
closed her eyes to look for the lotus in her
head:

“Excuse me." interrupted an edgy vuico,
“do you Work here?" Charlotte needed to

me. Just like me.

But I was displaced. far from the gay
pandemonial exercise. My room was soft. It
was the satne room. but the brown-on—
brown patterned dance floor was quite dif-
ferent from the dull rainbow carpet that l
brushed my patent leathers on. Only a cir-
cular strip of gold-colored plastic separated
the two surfaces but in reality. the difference
was magnified many times. l was living a
moment here and they couldn't interfere
The lights were soft over my table. and the
room seemed dense with fog. Inside. I felt

I" »

 
  
 

  

\

W
A
3

é »

know from the lotus. the answer that \k‘tiil.
spread a soothing balm ow: llt'l t'liiIH» it
which had become like an llllrtlt'tttlw
sulpher pit in her mind

"l'm sorry." she said serenely

“Where is the person lit l'ltiittli' my.
returned the voice angrily.

“l'm the manager. Charlottt: lit-d " t m i
help you?" The tall brunette glared hr iii. iv
'preparing for the next verbal assault v‘w
woman shifted her weight from one sultan
heel to the other. and her ankle prot’npt‘.
buckled under the weight of advanced rims
ty. a seal fur coat. bulging Dior bl'ltflt
saddle bad and costume jewelry.

"Oh!" the woman gasped. Slittwiliii '
deep facial lines of disgust. agony. and wi'
hatred. With eyes closed and teeth inn»
she went down in front of Biography. l’ i.’ v

Honey

unbearable agony.

From the outside. I appeared dlfll‘it‘iil
White dinner jacket was the attire for lltd'
evening. My hair was perfectly straight. and
almost shone. A little stream of clear gmm‘
with the sweet smell of the honeysuckle. hm?
danced through my locks on the Wan5 of n
comb.

She sat before me and my mind raced l
flicked the cigarette in the ashtray and watch-
ed a single stream of smoke rise. dancing iii
circles above my head. i sucked on it and
after keeping the vapor in my mouth. UPC“
ed up and drew the solid black of white fully
into my lungs. l cupped my lips to blow out
the smoke. like a Jet stream . high above tlw
Woman's head. She stared at me from across
the table. She could not have been real a it
knew that — for she looked like a livtng
advertisement for one or more of the
Popular women's articles of the day Sin.-
pursed her red lips and smiled the size (if .i
quaner moon. Through the veil. which flow
ed loosely over her pale cheeks. i could see
her animated. dew drop eyes. her only tool
feature.

 

 

 

 

Z: Pasternak. Sartre. Ustinov. Wolff. She
landed heavily, and rubbed her ankle.
Force's canine senses told her from across
the store that there was trouble. Charlotte
noticed Force striding through American
History. Charlotte was still puzzled —- USE
THE LOTUS TO HEAL . . . until it occured
to her that this was her destiny. She would
go to Medical School to become a doctorl
She grabbed both of the woman's wrists and
dragged her toward the stockroom. leather
paraphenalia still attached and bumping
along behind her. The woman was too

2 "0

 

llooked down. took in a slight breath. and
slammed down the bright tip of the cigarette.
crushing It nervously until it folded. like a
broken accordion. in the orange light-tinted
glass ashtray. My le twitched reflexively
under my slight but full mustache.

“Well.” I began. letting the wards gravel
out through my rnouih. “I guess you can't
see yourself falling for a tramp like me.
huh?" it was a leading question in its own
way. and appropriate. considering looks. at-
tire. and the mood of the evening. But no
matter. She was so beautiful. and almost as
uncharacteristic as myself.

uOh. l don't know...." she said. but it was
me saying It, knowing she wouldn't dare.
"Actually..."

"Yes." i concluded and looked away for
just a second. but I seemed to be swept right
back on the waves of the music < back into
her eyes.

l recognized the sounds. it was one of
those quiet. melodic tunes that was still
sweeping through its sentimental opening.

ll)0came lost itt those eyes for it tnotncnl
They shined and fuzzed my vision until i was

shocked to speak, having difficulty connec-
ting one moment standing In front of an in-
subordlnate salesglrl and the next moment
spread out on the floor at the mercy of the ‘
latter who was now lifting her ankle to rest
on some packing crates.

"Try not to say anything. My supervisor is
probably heading over here." At that mo-
ment. Force was stopped in Occult, slamm-
ing psychically unruly books into place.

"So you‘re not the manager. are you?"
said the woman. shaking the matted hair off
her forehead. “Get me up this second." She

 

 

 

\

    

inside of them. Inside of her. watching me
from the inside. I was playing my role in the
realistic fantasy but inside i knew I was a tight
knot of confusion.

The second part of the tune started and
the instruments assaulted me from all sides.
it was insecure music and I could not relax
inside it. But i watched myself. my crooked

struggled to move, but fell back moaning.
bracelets clanking. Charlotte began to stroke
the ankle.

"Does this feel any better?" She must keep
the woman in the room long enough to per-
form the lotus-itansferral.

“Get help.” the woman said huskily and
then in a louder voice. “Get help. God-
damn youl" Charlotte's hand automatically
fastened itself firmly over the woman's
mouth as she remembered. LET THE
MANY-PETALED LOTUS GUIDE YOU.
She grabbed a cleaning cloth near a box of
Christmas decorations. and tied It securely
over the woman's mouth. Suddenly she was
airborne and hovering over the scene. taking
detached mental notes of the event.

Charlotte focused her energies on the
woman's surprised eyes. “You are a>lotus on
the s f ce f a calm pool. Dew rests

    
 

. ’7}: H.

: ./
. . .. / i s
in your petals for It Is morning and the sun
(sweeping arm) is breaking over the horizon
and can be seen faintly through the mist-
fIlled haze." The woman tried to scream but
was thwarted by the gag: instead. her eyes
bulged wildly.

Charlotte tried to continue but something
was yanking on the back of her earth-bound
collar. Her hovering spirit rejoined her body.
as she was clicking. Force stood rigidly
behind her. trying to pull her up and away
from the Woman. Charlotte fell backwards
against Force which sent her flying into the

     

boxes of Christmas decorations. causing
them to spill their tinselly contents over the
heads of all three stunned women.
Charlotte composed herself. stood up and
shot out of the room. Force yelled. "Grab
that girll" at one of the plainciothes guards.
who took off after her. but Charlotte had
already grabbed the book and raced out of
the double doors onto the street. She dived
Into a crowd of people crossing the street
and crouched down looking behind her. The
security guard was standing on the corner
mouthing curses as streams of traffic moved
past him. He didn't look like a quitter.
Charlotte ran down. down into the sub-
way darkness where faces ﬂashed vague,
and voices were stiﬂed by the trains' roaring;
shrieking and clattering over the rails. Here
there was no light. She had left the light
behind. She was sick to death of leaving it

     

it“

behind.

As the train blasted throngh the tunnel she
searched the windows for any sign of flower
petals or the sun breaking over the horizon.
They flashed past like stars flickering in a
night sky — and as the train slowed. it was
her own face that reflected back at her in
every dirty window.

Charlotte shivered In the darkness. Here
there were only shadows. There was no
warmth. She pressed the book tightly to her
chest and stepped back into the arms of her
captors. .

 

 

 

 

smile. my smoke rings. my suggestive
eyebrows floating up and down.

The music woke to the tune of thunderous
applause. it almost woke me. as the man in
black soon began to hammer out a standard
in a majestically impersonal way. as the
seductress chirped again.

l stared once again at the vision In front of

 

 
  
  

   
  
   

me. I told her she was beautiful; it was the
host compliment I Could give. l smiled and
she smiled. The happiness almost came but I
escaped it through the music. which by now
had hold of my soul. i laughed. and when
the music ended I watched myself having the
cigarette on the bridge of my upper lip and
turn to clap. The man in black looked my
way and threw me a salute. I realized that my
thoughts were elsewhere. 1 settled within
myself as my eyes closed.

A warmth hit me and once again l was lost
— this time within myself. 1 closed my eyes
and envisioned a lit room far away. i looked
down in the fog and thought l had Imagined
a small veil in the middle of the room. As
hard as i tried. the image wauld not retum
and I tried to let the thought go. It led me
back to the music. the woman. and my rac-
ing thoughts. And as the hours sifted
through my fingers like the hot sand on a
shell covered beach. i could think of nothing
but the waste — of life and love —- and the
power of life's veils — which make life so in-
teresting. touching. soulful, and yet so
hellish. ’ o

’

 

a. ..»....« s . _._... c .

..‘ .15...”

 

l

