 

 

 

 

Sound & Vision

February 27. 1981

 

capital llep’s Hostage captivating '

Can they ever give us a play that

doesn't reek of just a bit too much
alcohol? Not to say that Capital Rep's current
production The Hostage, by Brendan
Behan. isn't a sober analysts of politics and
captivity. it is. But at times this serio-comtc
rendition of Behan's play tends to get lost in

the sauce. Set in a Dublin lodging house In
Kathy Kissane

1950. the action concerns itself with the col-
orful. if disreputable lodgers and the man
they hold prisoner. a young British soldier
taken in retribution for the arrest of an lRA
soldier. it's not so much about political issues
.as It Is about how those Isues affect the
residents of the lodging house and their
hostage.

The play is rather long. it runs approxv
Imately 3 hours. with 2 intermissions. A long
time to sit —— compounded by the fact that It
Isn't until the end of the first act that we are
introduced to the hostage. The audience is
left wondering what Is going on. as the
playwright paints a long. detailed exposition.
Through the songs of the lodgers we are
given the necessary historical background on
the IRA and the War of independence

0th. laddle, those lrish playwrights!

 

  

against Britain. Some of the songs are purely
for exposition. while others are strictly
character pieces. partly Intended for comic
relief here and there. When stripped of its
cabaret facade. The Hostage is a rather
heavy piece of drama.

Brendan Behan wrote the play in 1958.
and since then. it has passed through various
hands. changing somewhat each time. The
script has changed and the music has Cl‘téiiig‘
ed. but the principal themes have remained
the same: the humanity in his characters that

Fault Disney

shines through their bawdiness. the common
bond between captive and captor that
transcends politics. That's what The Hostage
Is all about.

But Behan meant to have fun with his play
too. The lyrics to all the songs are written in-
to the script: it's the musical arrangements
that have changed. This score was compos:
ed by George Andontadis for Capital Rep's
production. it's full of moving ballads, robust
drinking songs and spirited irlsh )lgs
choreographed by Kathleen Angus and per-
formed by a youthful. exuberant cast. There
was one particularly beautiful ballad that
started out as a duet sung by Pat (Richard
label). the caretaker of the lodging house
and Meg Dillion (Kate Kelly). his consort,
and ended with the rest of the cast joining In.
Ms. Kelly exhibited good solid control over a
difficult melodic line. bringing strength and
clarity to her part.

if the play lacks a clear sense of focus and
continuity in its structure. that doesn't
necessarily mean that Its characters do. it is
rare. in a play consisting of fourteen
characters. that such a sense of individuality
Is apparent for each. Notably there is
Monsewer (Stephen Nesitt). the owner of
the house and our most solid link with the
past. who also gives us some nice vocals in

  
   

a. , :-
I’hotol: Dlvld Ford
his “The Captain and the King." Monsewer
and Pat were members of the lRA In the
days before lreland signed the treaty with
Britain In l92l. and they're still living Inthe
glory of those olden days. in contrast. there
Is the lRA Officer of the present (Marc Gor-
don) who gives a rather deadpan portrayal
of a fanatical patriot. At the end of the first
act. when we finally meet the hostage. Leslie
Williams (Philip Soltanoff). we begin to
realize that the boundaries that arise between
people are n i always caused by concrete.

fixed distinctions. but arise out of the needs
of the people Involved. There Is more affinity
between the hostage and his captors than
there is between the divided faction of the
lRA in the lodging house.

Neither the audience nor the musicians
was ever once allowed outside of the ac-
tion. That imaginary wall between actor and
audience didn't exist: everyone In the theatre
was involved. The musicians were addressed
directly by cast members each time musical

    

accompaniment was needed. The director.
Michael C. Van Landlngham. used a nove
approach for initially incorporating the au-
dience into the play. There was no curtain.
house lights were full-up when the play
began and the audience was still filtering in
as the actors began entering tli'e set. What
began as barely inaudible mumbling gradual-
ly built to the disilnguisluible dialogue of the
characters. The set. designed by Dale .lor-
dan and Leslie Taylor. was ingenious In that
it afforded the director the means to deal
with numerous entrances and exits In the fast
paced production that The Hostage proved
to be.

There were many funny moments.
highlighted by Rio Rita (Richard Gambe). ii
homosexual drag queen. and her boyfriend
Princess Grace (John Griesemer). Similar
comic performances were given by Nancy
Haffner as Miss Gilchrist. a hypocritical social
worker. and her prime target of reform. Mr.
Mulleady (James Goodwin Rice).'a decay-
lng civil servant.

There is also the young servant glrl.
Teresa (Faith Catlin). who falls in love with
the young British hostage. They have some
tender. poignant moments together that only
serve to illuminate the barriers between
them. She Is Irish Catholic. be Is British and
a member of the Church of England. They
can understand their love. but not each

other.

Everyone is surviving. trying to make
some sense out of what's happening. Either
we‘re presented with complete mayhem or
searing moments of truth. The personal feel-
lngs of each character towards the others.
and In particular toward the hostage. are
highlighted. When sanity rules. all goes well.
but-In a household of so many varied and
zany personalities. anything can and does
happen. Their compassion for their hostage

is real but is not enough to save him. The
reality of "the buy iii the Belfast jail" is never
obliterated completely by the humanity pre-
sent in that Dublin lodging house.

The Hostage is in production until March
I~ith. Thursday through Sunday night. cur
Iain at B pm Thursday and Sunday. and Fri
day and Saturday at 8:30 pm. with Saturday
and Sunday matineus in Zziiil pm Student
tickets are available and additional discounts.
for groups of if) or more r’iIU offered. Capital
Rep Is a company llir‘ll is not in the llllstllt35\
of "selling" plays. Rather they are iti the
business of tackling the kind of material that
will best serve the talents of their company
members. and expose the area to new and
exciting theatre. The. Hostage Is not an easy
play to stage. and Capital Rep is to be corn-
mencled for taking on such a tremendous
challenge. Plays have a habit of growing as
the production gets further and further into
the run. This Is one of those plays that
deserves to be seen twice. it was long. but a
lot was crammed Into that two and a half
hours of stage time. The Hostage brings
Capital Rep's first season at Page Hall. on
SUNYA's downtown campus. to a close.
What better way to say “thank you" and
“hope to see you back next season" than to
attend one of the remaining performances of
The Hostage. O

. "I'he Devil Made 'l'hem Do It

alt Disney movies are almost never
Wbad (an obvious exception to this

generalization is The Black Hole).
Movies like Fantasia. Pinocchio. Snow
White and the Seven Dwar/s. 101 Dalma-
tians. Witch Mountain. Mary Poppins. The
Love Bug. Blackbeard's Ghost. and dozens
of others. come easily to mind as Walt
Disney movies which have been good.

Mark Muratore

clean. fun entertainment for adults and
children alike. Generally. the plots of these
movies are clear presentations of “Good
Guys vs. Bad Guys": humorous. slightly
moralizing stories. There is usually a bumbl-
Ing. but charming underdog style adult here
a villarious ruffian who is out to corrup
children; and several children who are faced
with temptation. but who. with the help of
the bungling hero. prevail. and preserve
their Innocence.
Adult viewers of these movies do not have
to stretch their minds greatly. but they
seldom leave the theatre not feeling good In-
side. As for children. they leave the theatre
having had a great deal of fun, and having
been taught a moral lesson. Walt Disney
Productions Is at its best when It presents
these light. but uplifting rates. and is Woefully
inadequate when it ventures into other
genres.
The Devil and Max Deulin Is a movie in

 

the Disney tradition. but it is a movie that.
due mainly to script and editing. falls short of
the best of Disney. The plot of this movie has
great promise. but the writing is simply inept.
This film is obviously supposed to be funny
(Elliot Gould and Bill Cosby were not
recruited to star because of their
Shakespearean skills). but often ls simply

   
   

Bill Colby Incl:- Ioulo In the hint
from the Disney mill, In which Elliot
Gould ll trying to not the Hall out.

boring. even to children. The audience Is in-
troduced to Max Devlin (Elliot Gould) at the
outset. Devlin Is an unfair landlord who is

 

run over by a bus while chasing an elderly
tennant who owes back rent. Devlin
descends Into Hell. where he meets Barney.
a souls manager for the Devil. Barney (Bill
Cosby) offers Devlin a choice of punishment
at level four (we are assured that this is not
pleasant) or a job as a soul procurer. Devlin
opts for the latter assignment. and is given
task of corrupting the souls of three perfectly
innocent children.

All of this occurs In the first ten minutes of
the movie. and is really quite entertaining
Screeches of delight and fright were heard
from younger members of the audience. and
pleasant laughter was heard from the adult
segment. The screeches of fright l referred to
were caused by a very imaginltlve depiction
of Hell. Unfortunately. the first ten minutes
of the movie are the best. and boredom
quickly sets in We follow Devlin on his an-
tics to corrupt his three chosen youths and
we are seldom amused. Of course. everyone
lives happily ever after. and we do,leel
somewhat uplifted by that. but it is lirrl
enough to justify the price of admission.

Despite the disappointment of the usually
reliable Disney plot. there were some bright
moments. all of which occur through the ac-
ting. Gould has rarely given it bad perfor‘
mance. Despite an incredibly weak script. he
still manages a Charming portrayal of the
bumbling adult hero. and his acting could
very well be the best part of this movie.-
Cosby Is a talented comic performer who has

 

 

 

tremendous rapport with children. But in
The Deuil and Max Deuliri. Mr. Cosby's
talents are shamefully wasted. When he
does get a moment or two on the screen he
brightens up the movie. but his scenes are
few and far between. When one views the
movie carefully enough. it Is easy to detect
that many of Cosby's scenes are. lying on a
cutting room floor. This is unfortuate for all
ages in the audience. because Cosby and
Gould together were very funny.

The final performance worthy of a com-
ment ls given by screen newcomer. Julie
Budd. Budd plays one of the young people
Devlin must corrupt. lier character is that of
a teenage singer without much talent. until
Devlin comes along As an actress. Ms.
Budd was fair. Frankly she didn't have much
to do. and her Brooklyn accent is as grating
as Barbara Streisnnd's.

However. as a singer she is exceptional.
Not only does .liilie Budd hear an uncanny
physical resemblance to Streisand. but her
singing voice has till the depth. range. and
resonance of a young Slrt'rstmtl Budd may
have an outstanding future. if her agent is
careful enough.

Despite Its all too evident flaws. 'I'he Dent!
and Max Devlin is worth taking the children
to see. For adults then: are some good per-
formances. and some very charming
moments. Don't be embarrassed to go see
this movie. bitt please lower your expecta~
tions first. a

i

Hum...» — 4a-... -s».....,... . ,.

v ~ _-......._.- -.......n.._a... . .. ..

 

[February 27, 198i
Intensive Care ni

Sound a. 9:45..

.._....-..¢ 

 

 

 

Page 75'

. Local Bands euro llockln’ Pneumonia

hough the circumstances were sad.
the effects were Joyful. as five local
bands drew crowds to J.B. Scott's

Sunday night in a benefit concert for an til
collea ue.

Ray Caligiure

Blotto and The Units headlined the cori-
cert. a benefit for Val Haynes. The Units'
lead singer. Haynes has been hospitalized at
The Albany Medical Center with
pneumonia. Heavily advertised on local
radio stations and sponsored in part by
Q4011. the concert was a huge. if lengthy.
success.

The A.D.'s opened the show with a fast-
pticed. hard rocking set. Willi a simple three
instrument line-up of guitar. bass and drums.
and a lead singer. The A.D.'s showed good
form performing their original songs. “Alone
Again" featured fine singing and excellent
raw and raunchy guitar leads. Changing
gears. Tire A.D.'s displayed their ability to

Ridln’ High

 

 

play at a slower tempo with "Makln‘ the
Change." a tender and melodic song.

Luckily. the club's tables and clialrs had
been pushed to the side to create a huge
dance floor. as the Executives took the stage
next. Their dance-oriented set featured
"Right Direction" and some classic Motown
cover versions. utilizing the superbly emo-
tional singing of Lisa Robilloto. The dance
floor was quickly mobbed as the band follow-
ed with stylish rockers. The momentum was
broken towards the end of the set. however.
as a blown amplifier caused a ten-minute
delay.

Taking the stage after a thirty minute inter-
mission were The Mechanical Servants. a
two-woman band comprised of an organ
and guitar player and a bassist. The women
looked interesting in their clipped and dyed
haircuts. but unfortunately displayed only
limited musical abilities. Their songs had a
quirky disjointed rhythm. and an echo effect
only made ilil‘lt vocals seem more complex.
interesting for a while. they grew tiresome

after three or four songs. The least talented
of the five bands. The Mechanical Servants
may have fared better had they played first.

At this point the concert was running
about an hour behind schedule. and it
became evident that It would run into the-
early morning hours.

Blotto came on soon after midnight. The
most successful of the five Albany-based
bands to perform Saturday night. Blotto
delivered a totally enjoyable show. The band
has six members. each contributing an im-
portant element to their total sound.

Blotto exhibited their professionalism with
driving rhythms and excellent singing. Five
of the six Blotto members jt)lltL‘(l in complex
harmonies. complementing tightly structured
danceable melodies.

Besides their musical abilities. Blotto udd-
ctl comical illt‘rililCS to their set Refusing to
take anything seriously. they delighted the
crowd with Vt’thltills of their own “My Baby's
the Star of a Driver's lid Movie" and “i Love
You. (‘rrlvin Kit-in." a hilarious poke I“ llll‘

designer jeans industry. They were a treat for
the eye and ear —— musically rich and en-
joyable performers.

The same could not be said for The Units.
whose disappointing set showed a lack of im-
agination and creativity. Their sound was
monotonous. and their stage presence was
hurt by Hayne's absence.

The best songs The Units played were
written by other artists. The high point of
their set came with a rendition of The
Beatles‘ “1'” Cry Instead." played loud and
hard. Harvey Kojan of The Executives was
added on keyboards. and he provided extra
energy with his wild pounding piano.

The Show's flitrllL‘ came at close to 3:00. as
The Units were joined on stage by each of
the bands (iii an old rock classic. "Louie
Louie."

The audience had been saturated with
.good rock ‘n' roll. and everyone Involved
went home lumpy. in addition. the benefit
t'nlsr'd much of the rush needed to help Val
Haynes Let's hope she gets well soon. I

New Riders Feelin’ Alright

0" he New Riders of the Purple Sage
J are home on the road again! This

time to promote their brand new
album. Feelln' Allrlght. their eleventh effort
to date.

Ellis Albright

The band hasn't sounded this good on
vinyl in years. Perhaps it has something to
do with March 12 marking teir years since
the release of the classic. New Riders of the
Purple Sage. John Dawson's masterpiece.

The current lineup includes: John
Dawson. acoustic guitar and vocals; David
Nelson. lead guitar and vocals: Allen Kemp.
lead guitar and vocals: Buddy Cage. pedal
steel guitar; Patrick Shanalmn. drums and
vocals; and Billy Wolf. bass guitar. On the
album. however. Michael Whilr.I plays bass
guitar. .
Allen and John contributed eight of the
ten new songs; only two are covers. Two
beautiful songs. “Tell Me" by Allen. and
“Day Dreamin' Girl" by John. are the only
slow numbers on the album. "Pakalolo
Man." also by John. has a funky reggae feel-
ing. and the rest of the songs are all genuine
rock ‘n' roll —— New Rider style! The title
track. “Night for Making Love." “The Way
She Dances." and “Fly Right." are all sung

Riffs

 

Bill Evans
You Must Believe in Spring
Warner Bros.

his record is a lucid. beautiful per-
g'lormance by the late Bill Evans.
who is joined by Eddie Come]. on
bass and Eliot Zlgmund on drums Recorded
in 1977 but released posthumously. this col-
lection fills in a small gap in a very prolific
Period for the late pianist. Bill Evans the
Romanticist is present on this date as is Bill
the Virtuoso. and both of these facets are
often present simultaneously.

There are two Evans originals on this ses-
sion and they stand out in terms of melodic
Interplay between band members. 0n “[3
Minor Waltz." Evans carefully dissects. ex-
plores and reconstructs chords as Gomez
and Sigmund keep it all together. "We Will
Meet Again" features fine ensemble playing
and light. relaxed piano. “The Peacock." a
Jimmy Rowles composition. is given the
loyal treatment with solos delivered by all
Players. The theme from M'A‘S‘H neuer
sounded better. Bill plays with the theme.
SlIGIChes it as far as he can and reshapas ll“?

by Allen John handles vocals on "Frill
Moon at Midnite." “Snralyn.” and the horn-st
track. “Crazy Little Girl."

The bond was iii top form last Saturday
night at .l B. Scott's for two sets which in:
chided all the new songs (t’XL‘t‘pl "lily Right")
and thirteen old favorites. "Glendale T "

      
  
  

.-; > ‘ .
n Days Under the Hood." and the

"Fillee "
“Henry. got

dope stnitggler"s anthem.
things cooking right from the start. The next
four songs. all froin Feelin' Allright. featured
Allen on lead vocals. "Night for Making
Love" spotlighted Buddy and David playing
sortie fine and funky solos. “No Other
Love." and "The Way She Dances"(“if you
want to know how lie-she makes love. look
at the way lie-she dances"). brought the
Riders jamming to the hilt! “Tell Me.’ a
beautiful ballad written by Allen. was the last
new song of the first set. David took over the
vocals on "Red lloi Women and Ice Cold
Beer" and “Teardrops in my Eyes " Tlit'

   

classic. “Louisiana Lady." played with as
much feeling as ever. closed the set

After everyone in .l B's bummr- .i little
inoi‘tl intoxicated. the hand Ciilllt' out for thr-
second set. From the first album. "i Don't
Know You." perhaps lltt’ finest New Rider's
orig. got things rolling right away Frank

. I"

   

   

. pi i
Waketreld's “Ashes of Love." sung by l).rvrrl.

 

was next.

John took over the lead vocals for the next
four new songs. as the bond strir'tud wailing
on “Crazy Little Girl" and “Frill Moon at Mid-
nite." "Day Dreruriin' Girl." “l’iikalolo Mari."
(l’anrimii Red's new Howarin cousin). and
the new wlriski-y tiinc. "Srirtilyn  completed
all the new material for the evening. John
picked up his harp and the new hanged out
the old "New Minglewood Blues." Buddy
and David exchanged siuling slklt: solos
while the crowd became ecstatic. Everybody
was on his feet as Buddy kicked off
“Lonesome L A. Cowboy." The crowd's

ll 'l'hat la:

tune as only Bill Evans could. This is a good
place to start for those new to the sounds of
this key board master. Evans fairs Will find
great joy and satisfaction in discovering yet
another facet in this gentleman's personality
which jumps at one right off the vinyl. Bill
Evans lives!
Jan Garbarek.
Gismonti

Folk Songs
E.C.M.

Charlie Huden. Egberto

his trio collaborated on Magico and

the results were indeed magical.

They are equally intriguing on this
session. Garbarek plays tenor and soprano
saxopliones. Haden bass and Glsmoriii
guitar and piano. and the tonal textures
created by this instrumentation paint delicate
pictures. These compositions are somewhat
like tone poems: carefully constructed and
carefully executed. This is not an improvised
session. nor Is It intensely impassioned. but it
Is beautiful and colorful and good listening all
m Tllgeinaterial Is mostly relaxed In tempo
and the trio uses many economical passages

to create the horizon of moods and patterns.

Gismonti and Haden stand out for the
listener as the truly Inspired players on this
date and the tunes "Folk Song" and “For
Turya"(n fine ballad) show their sensitivities
to be at a very high level. Jan Garbarek
sounds like he always sounds on
li.(2.M.records. if you dig him. you'll dig this
too. He is an Integral part of this effort but his
sparse style and almost calculated perfor-
mances can leave one searching for more.
Like many E.C.M. disks in this vein. Folk
Songs Is for special moods and whether or
not this music will matritain It's freshness Is
yet to be seen. For now. however. it is

beautiful.

The Rova Saxophone Quartet with Henry
Kaiser
Daredevils
Metalanguage Records
his music is not to be pigeon~holed
(g, and Is as difficult to describe as it Is
pointless to judge. it is not as Im-
mediately accessible as the previous disc and
some may find it Intimidating. This Is highly
creative music and Is therefore vulnerable to
criticisms by those who wait to attack new

shouts rlllil t‘lli“r Wt‘lt' llllrillV answered. .15
“iv Riders rrnnkurl out “l’nrmmti Red." their
lllflilt'hi Siliitlr' «uni only ijriltl lt't‘t)lfl. Nobody
was leaving until they {lid n ft'w uncorrn; The
medieval English frrlksong. “Druid Flowers."
iillfl "ltt'tlin-t‘k Miillit'l  wliit'lr lt'illlllt‘fl tin-
t'ntlri' rtllillt'lit’i' -.iiigriig and frantically i‘lr‘ipjr
"lit tilting. i‘lnsi'rl the wt Another Albany
N R l’ 5 show was history
Talking \\‘lll| the band riiit‘l tlii: show.
.lnlrir l‘liiliilitftlltltl how the night‘s perfor-
mance was it turning point for the Riders.
Feeltri' Allitglil has. only \wt-n in the record
stores it it twrr wet-ks. tinti flu-rt! were penph:
ill the audience tlillfilt'iy familiar with the new
ill-ill’llrii Plenty of others ll‘tlilU liked the new
sounds and will hopefully buy fllt' album.
The Riders .irv lit‘fitliit'ly .r "livr'" ltr‘lliti. but
I-l-r-Ir‘n' Alloy/it ri-nllv grows on you after it
few listenings Buddy explained lliill in the
studio. things are relatively laid back. but
during llit' shouts they turn expand on their
ideas. add some nir'u surprises. and then jam
to the max. All the new material came off
just git-tit in the show. as did the old. The
next day. I drove 175 miles to Roslyn just to
get more of the Riders. Needless to say. they
put on air rimming show at My Father's
Place. Please don't deny yourself the
pleasure of seeing the New Riders the next
time around. you'll feel alright. And Feelin'
Allrlght is what it's till about. 0

music as if il were freshly killed prey.

The ltovu Saxophone Quartet consists of
Jon Raskin. Larry Ochs. Andrew Volght and
Bruce Ackley. who all play the gamut of sax-
ophones. The exploratlve nature of the four
compositions of Daredevils Is not meant as
an Intellectual exercise; these men feel this
music- It is their breath. 'Guitarlst Henry
Kaiser evokes incredibly unique sounds from
his Instrument and his sound acts as a
catalyst for some sections of the four corn-
posltlons presented.

The title track. “Daredevils.” consists of a
rhythmic framework that is repeated by the
Quartet in a variety of patternsDialogue sec-
tion featuring the saxophones with guitar
juxtapositions blend into the chordal sus-
talnments that close out the piece. All four
cuts are riotcwarthy as well as varied and it is
Kaiser's twenty-seven minute work Mal Que
Arroz that is the most diverse. it includes
dialogue sections, solo sections and Intricate
ensemble playing. As i said. there are a lot of
new sounds to be heard on Daredeulls. Be
forwarned.

-- Steve Popper

 

 

 

 

 

