 

 

 

« “ﬁg-mus- .._. ml..- ~

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Policing the World:

Reagan’s Imperialism

up et . wana

President Ronald Reagan is visibly peev-
ed at what he regards as Russian im—
perialism in Afghanistan. Angola,
Ethiopia. Campuchia. and North Vietnam.
Of course. he wotild not for a moment
hesitate to include Cuba, Czechoslovachia,
Poland, Rumania, and East Germany. in
the March 14,. l98| issue of the Times
Union. his Secretary of State, Alexander
M. Haig, Jr.. is reported saying. “i think it
is clear to our West European partners. that
were we to continue to ignore Soviet ac-
tivities. the objective of assuring world
peace and international stability would be
gravely threatened. Clearly, the time has
come for the Soviets to understand this is
no longer an acceptable action."

There are several things that should eon-
ccrn any serious international observer and
pacifist. imperialism, the policy or practice
of extending the power and dominion of
one nation by direct territorial acquisitiott

or by indirect control over the political or.
economic life of other areas.

if Reagan is applying the first meaning,

according to Webster's. i don‘t see Soviet
culpability outside of the socialist republics.
Every one of the countries that Russia is ac-
cused of being intperialistic towards is a
sovereign state run by its own people. if the
second definition is implied, Reagan and
Haig have a lot of homework to do. They
should take a hard look at Antericatt
foreign policy to see if their own house is
not as glassy as that of the Russians.

Whether we like it or not, the Soviets
have cxrﬂu’tned their presence in these areas

by saying that it is by invitation front host
governments Jo help carry out needed pro-
jccts that they have aided certain arms. irr—
deed. the guvct‘ttlttcnls have corroborated
— which may explain wlty tltc Soviets have
lasted for so long in these countries without
a major tiarc-up whereas the United States
presence itr Vietnam. ttndcr the snare guise.
was the source of it wasteful and senseless
war. Titus, the Reagan administration's at-
titude towards the Soviets, itt this instance.
is rtot free of cnlumtty.

As rrrttclt as botlr men try hard to be
‘Ptikt-‘SPCI'Wns for the West European mt-
tiotts. there is very little evidence that these
nations have authorized tltc Americans to
play this role. or that they endorse this
characterization of the Soviets. When
Margaret Thatcher of Britain visited
Washington recently. site was more eager to
discuss the mutual problem of economic in’

stability than in inveighihg against Foreign
Minister Andrei Gromyko and Premier
Leonid Brezhnev.

Neither is it a certainty that “the
American people" want to ‘saddie
themselves with the unthankful respon-
sibility of assigning their country the title of
‘policeman of the world.‘ This position was
made clear during the Vietnam—Cambodia
fiasco and it colors the attitude of
Americans towards the administration‘s
lrawkish and interventionist instincts
towards El Salvador today.

Over the years, American government
seems to ltave perfected the art of per-
sonalizing issues that should involve other
nations of the world and. at the same time.
treating with defiant levity those issues that
are of interest to tire vast majority of tire
world nations.

Suppose a resolution were introduced in
lltc United Nations Assembly or the Securi-
ty Council to the effect that the Soviet
Uniort slrotrid be a subject of economic

sanctions or even expulsion from the world.
body because of her "threat to world
peace," There is no dotrbt that the United
States would be in the forefront of such a
carttpaign and would cast an enthusiastic
vote t'or such an action. That tltc meaning
of Russian itrtpcrialisrn is fuzzy as to how it
pertains to Eastern Europe. Latin America.
South Africa. Azania. and Namibia is an
indisputable fact.
. As a result of the Versailles Peace Cott-
t‘erence of l9l9, Martibia (South West
Africa) was clttss ‘C' mandated to the.
Union of South Africa. which was then part
of the liritish firtrpitc. Tltc territory was to
be administered as an ‘intcgrul portion' of
the mandatory power. which pledged itself
to ‘promote to the ttllltttst. lhc material artd
moral chI-hcing turd the social progress of
the inhabitturts.‘ According to the League
of Nations (‘otcnant (Article 22). the man-
date was ‘tt sacred trust of civilization.‘
South Africa's record itt Namibia is it
lc‘lllm‘ll)‘ of the abuse of this trust frorn the
very beginning. ’l‘rust irttrtrcdiutely turned
irtto at political turd military takeover.

Willtirt South Africa itself. 23 million'

Africans turd Asitrtics are mere human ob-
jects with rto human. civil. or political
rights.

The policy of apartheid practiced by
South African regimes is imperialism at its
purest. The first defirtiliott, according to
Webster's fits irtto this pattern anti, if the

 
 

t'

4

 

 

 

 ; ' geuers. C©mmnthicWinr  ;

 

 

 

 

 

 

Housing Games

To the Editor: ‘
Here's something to think about the next

time you get one of those nasty bills from
housing for damages.

if you‘re a freshman or a transfer student
living on-campus, you're probably new to
the housing game. Now that the semester ts
approaching its close, housing is probably
xeroxing pre'made bills for your damages.
“What damages?". you may ask. i know
that i asked that question when i received a
bill for damages in my suite at indian Quad.
$6.50 for an imaginary tape mark and a
variety of other chimerical dilapidations
thrown in for good measure. And if (god
forbid) you shouldn’t pay this bill by the
time you pre-register for the fall, they'll
repossess your grandmother's condo in
Florida or even worse. Out of annoying
trepidatiort. your mother sends a check to
the housing Czar.

The following year. i was ever so careful
with my room, making sure that is was
devoid of blemishes. (Oxy 5 couldn't have
done a better job.) i behaved and where did
it get me? On the mailing list of SUNYA
housing . . . i almost felt like I had a pen
pal. My mother treated this as if it was a
chain letter; you do as they say or there will
be a plague of bursitis on yotr and your
ancestors. This time it was SIS per person to
re-paint my suite. Where do they come rrp
with these figures — $15 per person to re-
paint a suite? Maybe it's all the heavy
burdens they give to the plant department. 1
often wondered. if the ‘plant' department
was. irt fact. a group of vegetables.

The end of my junior year was depress-
ing. 1 never received my annual newsletter
front housing even though my yearly
subscription had been amply paid for.

Now i artt a senior irt pursuit of some
respect front housing. l'nt living in van
(‘orllandt Hall on Dutch Quad. the senior
citizen‘s resting home. My room is fine ex.

cept for this enormous pothole on our wall.
i thought that when i left Brooklyn, these
scenic hideousies would disappear. Wrong!
My wall looks like some ioker practiced
profusely for his Mountain Climbing 301
class.

My roommate and i have submitted in
writing endless housing complaints about
this fossil of Big Foot since October, l980,
Now it is March, l981 and we are about to
sublet the crevice to some graduate student
rodents from the Psych department.

At the beginning of this semester, we
consulted John Murphy. der housing
Fuhrer of Ten Eyck. and explained our
dilemma. Now that we're two months into
the semester and nothing has been done, we
are requesting a refund. Why not? if they
can request money from us for doing
damage. why can‘t we request money front
them for negligence in repairing a grotesque
damage (not to mention the fact that we
have to live in these slum conditions).

That such advantage is takctt of the
students of this fine institution is simply
heinous! This is a scandlous attempt that
must be halted.

it is likewise unfair for housing to have at
right to put a hold on a student's transcript
for not paying for disputablc damages.
Housing money and tuition are separate cn-
tities and must be treated as such. After all.
if we don't receive wltat we want from
housing, what of theirs cart we hold for col-
lateral?

-— Steven J. Silverberg

Parking Rules

To the Editor:

For the past four issues. l‘ve read
numerous letters complaining about tltc
ticketing done on the quads dtrrirrg the
weekends. The latest letter. ("Parking
Gripe. ASP, February 24) is the clincher.
The policy of the university is not absurd. it
is quite obvious that the reason the quad
areas are restricted 24 hours a day. seven

 

 

 

Llrtilcd States is genuinely interested in
preventing and eliminating itttpcrialisnt
anywhere on the face of the earth, site
should tltirtk twicc before cttllously casting
negative voles irt the United Nations
against resolutions to clrtrstisc South Africa
for her nuimttlistic behavior.

()n this score. at least tltc Russians do not
behave like imperialists: rather. the United
Statics and some forrtrcr imperialist allies
do. Needless to say the political and
economic behavior of tire R 'trgau ad»
ministration botlt domestically and
overseas. make tltc president's sttrtcntcnt
Ihztt, "this administration is color blind"
rirrg hollow.

 

Qua-qt. up“ 50... 5...

WM

 

IMIG‘D

 

 

 

 

days tr week is so that people with legitimate
special permits for medical reasons can find
parking near the quad. There is no reason
to claim this is a surprise attack as thcsc
regulations are available to all students and
they ttrc informed of them when registering
their cars. Any insinuation that the tlttlvch
sin police are “wasting time" ticketing L‘ttty
instead of catching robbers and rapists is rut
error rooted irr uninformed minds.

The police on ‘tttttpus are reliable turd cl-
ficiertt. and by their efforts critrrc on this
campus has decreased since last y or. Yet I
don't see the letters pouring in about the
crrrnc prevention program and operation
l.l).. or letters complementing the Depart
rrrcrtr of Public Safety for helping mtrkc the
campus safer. All i read is letters from
selfish people upset because they got tickets
tltcy deserved. You wave a red flag in front
of rt brrll and expect no reaction? if students
are so simplemindcd that they l'ccl they can
brazenly flaunt the parking regulations then
they deserve the tickets. Ticketing thc qrrrrtls
rs not high on the priority list brrt wlrcn
manpower is available. it gets done. if peo-
plc would adhere to the parking regulations
clearly set forth at tile beginning of cxtL'lI
semester, ticketing would become urt
necessary.

 

— Stephen Ii. l’t-rrin

GALA Space

To the Editor:

it has recently come to rrry attention than
tltc SUNYA Gay and Lesbian Allitrrtct-
(GALA) does not have arty office space in
the campus center. i am at tr loss to unders-
tttntl wlty. We say that we do 110'
discriminate here at SUNY Albany. Yet.
this seems to be a blatant case of prcjndit't'
anti bias rigltt here under your noses.

The (lay and Lesbian Alliance serve tt
need on. not only this campus. brrt many
others titroughotrt tltc state. The local cont-
rrttrnity is also free to utilize their resources
and information.

 

 

among people. And how are they repaid?
By being denied office space and having to
work out of their homes. GALA has been a
visible and strong group for over ten years.
How can we ignore their need for office
space? GALA could easily be ptrt on the
third floor of the campus ccttlcr. There are
meeting rooms that are rarely. if ever used.
There are also sonte groups that ttever
rttilize the precious space given to titenr. i
choose not to ntetrtion tltese groups because
in their own way. they too provide a service
for studentsand the community and should
not be denied space. in roonr 346 (on the
third floor) there is a corner space that is
empty. All that is needed is a wall and a
door. What is wrong with this space? it
could easily be fixed up within one week.
So, what is the problem?

i feel that i ltave made some valid
criticisms here. But I have also offered
workable solutions. This problem of office
space should rtot be made itrto a federal
issue. it is so easy to solve. Let‘s all work
together to give GALA the respect they
deserve.

— Jodi A. i)eVldo

MM

To the Editor:

This is my Irrst contribution to the debate
about budget cuts that Druid Munt/ in-
itiated. llcfotc I proceed to cornmcm on his
latest rebuttal (ASP. l-cbrnruy Ztl. Witt). I
bare to srry that I regret his argumentation
technique. Although I understand that it
can be hard when one runs out ot valid
arguments. it is tlltc\ctts;th|c to accuse rrrc
of not following tltc current dcbruc ill the
newspapers lllltl on tclcrisiott. After all. we
rue engaged itr tl serious tllsv‘tlssltlll about
policies which hate grcru consequences for
millions of people. rtot in some kitrd of it
vcrbttl snowbullJ'iglu. l

Almost any ~judgc ol the Rcugun tltle
rninislrtttion‘s program for economic
retilttli/attion agrees that it llth ll nrrrrkcd
ttllll-I‘ttitlt‘ and ptorwculllty profile. i think
it's worthwhile quoting sotttcthiuy cott-
sunrcr udvocutc Ralph Nader :r mun

 

who. itt contrast to Reagan. works for the
bulk of the people artd not against them ~—
said irt a recent speech here at SUNYA
about Reagan: “He‘s cutting areas that
directly affect the health and safety of the
people. keeping itttrrct corporate subsidies.
tutti making new policies that increasc the
number of big btrsincss‘ privileges."

It scents as though Munt/ took offense
when 1 introduced the proposed increase irt
military spending irt connection to the
debate about the budget cuts. I can see that
it must he a somewhat scttsititc issue since
an increased military budget is cotttiary to
the general budget cuts the Republicans so
intensely adtoctuc. The New York Timex
estimates tltc militrrrv brrdect to be a llrird
of tire total budget l984 if Reagan gets
what ire \vtutts. Mant/ also argues that
“increased spending on defense is it
dcpolitici/ed issue“ and that “both parties
from this.“ This is, however. only hqu the
truth. It is title that Carter increased the
military budget brrr Mnnr/ forgets that what
Rcugun utmts is to increase the already in
ctcttscd military budget.

It is certainly true that the Democratic
Party isn't anything to be \cry proud of
either. htrt \\thI you lime to choose bet-
wcctt ttrorc or loss rottcu npplcs. you pick
the lcrtst rotten one. don't you?

—— Tomas l-Ivueus

 

 

Bring Us Your Letters
and Columns

.l)t~rttlliuvs for letters and columns ill‘t'
'I'ttesday fora I-"rirltty issue tllitl l-‘riday for tr
Tuesday issue. Material must be typewrit-
ten. double-spaced. anti include the wrllt~r‘-.
uttntc ttud phone number. Anonymous tet-
lers will not be printed —— Itotwter. hurries
ttill be withheld upon request. Please llttrit
letters to under 250 words. Drop them till
itt "It-tiers" bo\ irt ('(' .120 or call "It
l.ditoriul l’ugt-s l.tlilor :rt lSi-o‘mli.

OThey told us public higher education in NeW'York State was
to be financially affordable for all.

Tuition is now increasing at an alarming rate. We guess they
got their facts wrong. ,

OThey told us the federal government would help send students
to college. providing more education loans and grants.

President Reagan has decided to cut back these funds. We
guess they got their facts wrong. I

OThey told us racial discrimination and hatred was an issue
resolved a decade ago.

With the disappearance of innot:ent children in Atlanta and the
murders in Buffalo, racism is still with us. We guess they got their
facts wrong. ~

CThcy told us there would never be another Vietnam, a war
which affected a whole generation. all for the cause of capitalism.

‘ President Reagan has sent Green Beret troops "and military ad-
vrsors to El Salvador. We guess they got their facts wrong.

OThcy told us university governance was democratic. giving
students a voice in issues which concerned them.

Although the recently enacted student senate representation
decision is a step in the rigltt direction, students still run the risk
of losing this “privilege.” We guess they got their facts wrong.

OThcy told us the team that won the SUNYAC Basketball
Tournament would host the NCAA East chionals.

We won the SUNYAC’s but Potsdam was the site for the
NCAA‘s. We guess they got their facts wrong.

it seems that they have been getting their facts wrong for some
time now. This editorial is not attempting to eliminate the pro-
blems; all it cart do is open your eyes a little bit more to something
you should already be seeing.

And that’s the facts. ‘ ‘

 

 

 

 

Creating the Sell:

An American I’raycr
Have you forgotten the lessons of llh.‘ un-
cicrrt war.

We need great golden copulations.

.lntncs Douglas Morrison

iicforc we irtdtrlgc irt any c\otic techni-
ques, playing with energies or pluynv- with
scusc perceptions, we should sort ortt otrr
minds. We should begin by walking the nar-
row path of sirrtplicity. before we attempt
to walk upon the open highway of compas-
siontttc action. [before we relate to hcurcn
we should learn how to relrtlc to cart tlr.

if ouc's approach to spirituality is based
upon enriching the ego. then it is splllltlttl
nutlcriulistrr. a suicidal process rather than u
Cl'CilllH: one.

We expect to bc protidcd with mugicul
means to deal with our depressions, orrr til.-
gr'cssious. ortr se\uul hrrugups. to our sur-
prise. however, we begin to tcarli/c than this
is not going to happen. it is sorrrcwhrtt
disappointing to rcttli/c that \tc must work
on ourscltcs rrrrd orrr suffering tuthcr llttlll
depend upon u srrtior or the "trrugicrtl"
power of sorrrc yogic techniques. l‘vcn
tttorc disappointing is the rcrtli/rttion that
we how to give up otrr cspccrious rather
than build upon tltctu.

We all begin our spiritual journey by
asking certain questions. by doubling ottr
preconceptions. There exists at continual
unccr'lairtity as to wlrttt is tltc real and the
unreal,~ Wltlll is happiness and what is
misery. ilvctuurtlly these questions turn
sour rttrd begin to rot. They ttrrrt into pain.
The prtirr increases as these questions
become more solid and the answers tttorc

Sorting It All Out

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

 

The counterpart oflilcisdcrtth. Have we
ever really considered lhrrl'.’ The very qucs-
tiort of death is painful. We refuse to
acknowledge death. btrt our highest ideals.
orrr speculations on the meaning of life. the
highest fortrr of civilization —— all are im—
practical if we do not consider the proccss
of birth. suffering and death.

Tltc effort to secure our lrtrppincsss to
maintain ourselves in relation to something
else. is the process of the ego. This is a futile
effort on our part. since. there are corr-
tirrurrl gaps in our seemingly solid world.
The sense of continuity and solidin of self
is an illusion. Rttlltcl'. it is it succession of
confusions that create the ego. The process
we call the cgo actually consists of it liickcr‘
of confusion. rt flicker of aggression, a
liickcr of grasping —— all of which evist only
in the rrtorrtcrrt.

Still. we are never trapped in life. because
there are constant opportunities for
cr -:rtivity. challenges for imprtwisntion.
ironically. by seeing clearly and
acknowledging our cgolcssnc we truly
discover that suffering contains bliss. inr«
permanence contains continuity or eternity.
ttnd cgolcssncss contains tltc carthy quality
of solid being. lint this it" “ ndcrttal
bless. continuity and bcirrgncss is based

 

 

 

.r.

 

neither on fears ttor fruit

Freedom is generally conceived as the
ability to achieve goals and satisfy desires.
lint what of tire source of these goals and
desires? if they arise from ignorance.
habitqu patterns. and negative emotions —
irt other words from psychologically
destructive cletrrertts that actually enslave us
—— is tltc freedom to pursue them trtte

 

" AS 
g/SPECTS

Eliablllhld In "16

anal its cualt'u: muquzilu

Rob E. Grubman. Editor m Clue!
Haydon Carrulh, Steven A. Groanharg. Managing Editors
Sylvia Saunders. Senior Editor
.. Susan Mllllgan, Bath Setter

 
 

News Editors .... . . . . . . . . , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Anoclato News Editors .. .. ., . ...

 

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

   

ASPactI Editor ., . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Rob Edelataln
Alloclata ASPacts Editors . Joanne Walnut. Andrew Carroll
Sound Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Doug Woll
Vlllon Editor . Jlrn Dixon
Creative Arts . . Suzanna Gerber
Sports Editor .. . .. Bob Bellallora
Associate Sport: Editors . .. . Marc Haapol. Larry Kahn
Editorial Pages Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Patrlcla Branlay
Copy Edllnts . .. Frank .1. all Jr.. Mitchell A. Graebol

Stall writers: Anne Burs. Tour Burtttgtto. Julrunnu Boatrc. Ronni Brown. Ken Cantor, Michael Cannon. Anne Cavanagh.
Lou Culiuli. Sharon Cole. Scott Curnruur, Lisa Dunerrnrarlt. HuberHKonnotlt Dickey. Mark Flschottt. Bruce For. Gall
Golrtstern. Ken Gordon. Ertc Gruuor. Mattltuw Hndortd. Wendell Heddun. Jttmos Julia. Larry Kinsman. Nora Kirby.
Christopher Koch, Bruce Levy. Bruce Lluonr. Tom Lusttk. James Markotsis. Ed Ptnka. Dtnnnuld Dulnn. Mark Rosstar.
Mindy Snldlrt. Jolt Schndott. Barbara Schindler. Paul Schwartz. Sue Smith. Laurel Solomon. Carolina Sommars
Zodiac and Preview Editors: Marie Gnrbnrrrro. Mary Kortigun .

Marilyn Moslrowltz. BUSINESS Manager
Janet Dtollun. Advertlsrng Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bonnie Stevens
. Mutant Raspler. Hody Broom. Karen Sardotl

. . . . . . . . . . . . . September Klein

... Haydon Catruth

Oltlea Manager .
BlillngAccountants .
Claultied Manager
Composition Manager . , . . . ..

 

   

 

ours: Mano Anna Colnvlto. Tammy Geiger
Susan Kaptun. Mara Mendulaohn. Carolyn
Katlowttr. Judy B.Sttnto

Salas: DiIVI) Barton. Roy Loortus. Pam Zlon Advertising Production Marta
Advertising Production: Murltr Frsclr. Diartnu Gtt’ICttlii. Michelle Horowrta,
Snttgwtt.k, Olllcu Stall: l‘luhrtr Btrrrrrraon, Rnnrtr Grourrhnru. itrcln Jensen. Arlene

Dun ﬂatx. Production Manager
(Job Reynolds, David Thanhttuaar. Associate Pmdut‘llutl Managers
. . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , ., . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Elissa Brick
Kultntu, flaunt Lnrustutn, Edun chlno. Carina Shtputotsky. Typ .nny Bernstein. Lynda
arlno. Mlndy Gordon. Madge Mannlnn, Barbara Nolan. Cathta Ryan. Sbarl

  

VortlcalCmaut .
Pallotup: Rhonda
Eanvonruo. Mary llrukrv. Marta Garb
Schneider. Laurie Walters. Clraullar: Mrtrk Flscttcttr

 

Photography. Sup/tired [)llllclpdlly by Untversuy Photo SlilVlCD
Chlol Photographer: Bob lL‘tl/lr‘ild

UPS Stall: Dave Asclrur. Bruce Briggs. Alan Ctr/urn. Karl Chan,
Marc Henscnal. Bill Krauss. Iiaannu Krllaltoll. Dava Mucltson.
Slelnkanrp. Tony Tllssalalli. WIlI Yulnran

Sher/y Cohan. Stave Essen, MIMI Fuller. Mark Hatek.
Lois Mullnhonl. Sue Mindlclt. Mark Nadlal, Suns

and Friday dullna the school year by the Albany Student

The Albany Student Floss is published every Tuesday
Ion. Edllorlals am written by Ina Edltol tn Cnlal; policy ls

Press Corporation, an lndopnndanl llal‘lof‘ﬂItJ/H corporal
sub/act to review by the Editorial Board.
Malling address:
Albany Sludant Press. CC 329
1400 Wasnlnglon Ave.
Albany. NV r2222 ‘
(5W) “WWW/33220399

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

0V” "‘0 years. GALA has dortc many

Willis l0 promote equality and fairness freedom Grill-‘31 u "will? 

elusive. .
. . v.

 

 

 

 

,..-.._...... M. ...~m.e.....s....e..We-..“Canada‘s-ant. our

 

. - t a __ ...-....___

 

. “Amway-wuw- -  ' ' x...  

 

«r! ., .. ‘ 4"

 

32’3"“W‘tt. m tides-M urn-mm w 

 

 

