    
         

 

 

       
      

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
     
  
       
     
     
 
 
  

 

 

 

     
          
       
      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
    
  
    
    
  

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS y...
Established May, 1916
By the Class of 1910

 

Friday, November 20, 1040 No. 10
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

Telephones: Office, 5-0373; Murray, 2-0888; Clark, 4-0373
Entered as second class matter Albany. N. Y., postoﬂtoe.

Vol. XXV

IIPRIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIIING IV

National Advertisrng Semce, inc.
College Publirber: Representative

420 MADIION AVI. NEW YORK. N.Y.

CRICMO ' IOITOR ' LOI ARIILII ' SAI FIAIEIICO

The News Board

JOHN A. MURRAY _ - EDITOR-IN-CHIIF
BEATRICE A. DOWER .. - a CO-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUsAK _ - _
RALPH CLARK .. _ _ _
BETTY PARROTT _ _ _

JAMES MALONEV _ - _ _ _
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ _ _ -
EDWIN HOLSTEIN - - _
HARRY PASSOW - _ - _

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

All communications should be addressed Io the editor and
must be sl'ued. Names will be withheld upon request.
The S'l‘A'l‘lu COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsiiiilty
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications,
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

State Sweeps Clean

"('lennIim-su in next to (imIIIm-Im"
—-lohn Wesley

Cleanliness is coming to State, evidently to stay.
Already its ﬁngers have grazed the Commons, Pub-
lications Ofﬁce, and campus leaving marks of im-
provement.

Early this year the publications of the college, at
the instigation of the NEWS, banded together to

" make a so-callcd “activities” ofﬁce a cleaner, more

pleasant. place in which to work. Obvious and
immediate success was gratifying to the publica-
tions. The ofﬁce was less crowded, thus much
cleaner. Smoking was cut to a minimum.

Much more gratifying was the redoublcd cooper-
ation of the administration, directed by Dr. Saylcs.
Already the Commons has been purged in an un-
precedented frenzy of scrubbing and washing. Like-
wise the Publications Ofﬁce has felt the administra—
tion’s renovating spirit. New light bulbs and waste
baskets have joined with a major cleanup job to
make for an improved working atmosphere. Recent
plantings of shubbcrye riogcthcr with unpopular al-
though necessarily stringent requirements governing
the usc of thc laWITs--—ai‘c making for a more bcau-
tiful campus, a goal only now being sought.

The administration has been severely handicapped
in its efforts to make State College a better place in
which to work and play by the lack of three all
important rcquisitcs—-timc, money, and student
cooperation. Routine work of an already under-
staffed janitorial force is such that signiﬁcant clean-
ing and repairs must await the few vacation periods.
Prospects for an increase in the maintenance budch
'of the college are not bright. And the student co-
operation has not been what it might.

Something should be done about the over-
abundance of cigarette butts in the lower hall of
Draper. Smoking should be limited to the Commons,
locker rooms, and rest rooms. Campus Commission
should get on the job and clean up the very “messy”
mailboxes. These are but two instances of what
might be done. Hundreds more could be cited. 'l‘hc
student body, aided and abetted by a war/ring
Campus Commission, has an excellent opportunity
to keep the "cleanliness campaign” initiated by
the publications and the administration going at
full speed m ahead!

Write-—-Not Edit

.'l'hanksgiving has come and gone. With them
came a new Sirltl'inlull. The cover was wonderful.
Not so the inside pages.

The key to the .‘I’Iulcsnuoi’r problem rests in an
announcement appearing on page one of today’s
Nuws. The board is still seeking contributions of
worthwhile student material. A superior publica-
tion would result if contributions were the cxccp-
tion rather than the rule.

The function of a board of twenty and its staff
should be to WRi'l‘i‘l, not edit.

25th

CO-MANAGING EDITOR'

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 29, I940

Books and Boner: — — —

 

 

-

IIHE FIRST COLLEGE Y.M.C.A
BUILDING ERECTED IN

AMERICA IS STILL lN use!

IT WAS BUILT lN i663 AT

HANOVER COLLEGE. INDIANA

 

 

 
 
 
   

l
I000 PAEE MANUSCRIPT WI'II-I
PAGES 4 FEET WIDE AND IS
INQHES HIGH! HE IS RECORDING
THE INTER-RELATION OF POLITiCAL..
LITERARY. HISTORICALAKT AND
* . SCIENTIFIC DATA.

   
 

 

 

A UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR FROM AUSTRALIA
TRAVELED IZ.OOO MILES TO ATTEND THE
EMPIRE UNIVERSITIES CONGRESS AT
LONDON ONLY TO FIND THAT HE WA? A

Y R AHEAD OF TIME!

THE MISUNDERS‘TANDING WAS‘ C‘AUS‘ED

BY A TYPIS‘T'S‘ ERROR!

 

A Queen and A Quarter 4

 

We wired Walter Winchell and
ordered nine orchids after witness-
ing the pro-Thanksgiving plays. To
all those who helped keep '1 restless,
light-hearted audience keyed to the
sombre mood of tragedy for two
hours goes the big white orchid in
the center.

Julia Tunncil. not a newcomer to
the footlights, achieved distinction
because of her inspired role of Eliza-
beth. Her characterization was well
sustained because she brought a
variety of mood and inflection which
gave us the feeling that it was not
Miss Turmoil we watched. but Eliza—
beth. We wish that we might see
more of Miss Tunneli’s acting.

Mr. Cassidy’s voice quality fell a

Robert Hertel 8: Anne Rattray

little short of an ideal Essex. but his I
interpretation of the lines and thc3
character were excellent. and in ourj
opinion, the best performance that

he has yet given. To Miss Tunnel

and Mr. Cassidy, then, two largef

orchids.

 

 Ryerson had her usual diffi-
culty of suppressing her distinctive
personality and portraying a heart-
broken lady-in-waiting. Her inter-
pretation was adequate. but not in-
spired. The supporting cast main—
tained the high quality of the per-
formancc.

Miss McIsaac has made the most
notable contribution to State's drama
this year, and deserves two orchids
for direction.

Miss Cattuti’s portrayal earned an
orchid. She gave us the mood of the
play. but built hcr climax too soon.
More restraint in the beginning
would have given more force to her
big moments. Mr. Vassilliw’s talent
has been too long hidden. His role
of the father was a deeply sincere
one. Mr. Snow is a welcome surprise.
His ﬁrst appearance establishes him
as a promising thespian. An orchid
to a budding actor!

Miss chler portrayed a difficult
role with poise. A more consistent
rendition of character was needed.

To Miss DeAngclis. a big orchid.

 

Disgruntled --Disappointed

 

Communications

Until May. 1939, State College had i far greater degree and about more
0 humor "1218021110 Mid ﬂ lllei'ill‘y:sui)jects than its contemporary. the

partner. Combined into one, we I N. 1.. .. a . . - . .
have a Sic/cannot with a few of theI “I” cummly' ‘1 Starr wmmg {01

good and most of the bad features
of both. This letter will not be a de-
structive effort: rather it will be a
sincere attempt to point out what
we think are definite opportunities
for improvement in the present mag-
azine. Our suggestions follow:

1. Articles should be written ex-
pressly for publication in the States-
mrm. Staff members should write.
not merely cdit. Writing with a two-
fold purpose is bound to lose some-
thing of its effectiveness. We sug-
gest a staff responsible for the ma—
terial used. The present system is
far too dependent upon contributions
via creative writing classes.

2. Humor has been overlooked as
an important feature of tch maga-
zine. There should be more car-
toons. more jokes, risque and other-
wise. Good jokes from exchanges
should be reprinted. “Honi Soft Qui
Mal Y Pcnsc” does not completely
sap the humor of this college. In
fact “lloni Soil. Qui Mai Y Pcnsc”
can stand a more restrictive editing.
Many of the quotes carry a meaning
to too small a portion of the college
population to descrvo reprinting.
and many have been reprinted for
too often.

3. Articles of wider scope, con—
cerning the College and life therein
should take preference over abstract,
pointless stories. The Stufcammi has
the opportunity to opinionatc to a

 

 

the magazine can deal with topics
which a newspaper cannot. The
magazine can bc a more potent edi-
torial force.

The Slolcsnum does not do justice
to the ability of the college which it
is supposed to represent.

Disgruntled,
'I'() WIIOM IT MAY CONCERN:

It seems strange that a college
such as State, where students are
supposedly selected for qualities of
scholarship and personality, should
show such an inverse ratio of llOll-
esty. Everyone who knows condi-
tions at State has heard of the prev-
alence of petty thicvery. I speak
as one of many State students who
has lost articles in the past, not im-
portant enough to make a fuss about.
and who is now confronch with a
serious loss. 'l‘hcrri’orc. i should like
to ask the News to print. this notice
to the person (identity unknown)
who picked up my pocketbook in a
classroom in Draper Hull and rifled
the inside purse before dropping it
into the “Lost and Found” box. I
Went without lunches for a week to
save that money to buy my mother
ll Christmas present; I hope you
enjoy spending it as much as I
would havcmand thanks Very much
for returning the pocketbook. Your
khidncss is appreciated.

Disappointed.

Wow“. .w-‘m-memwwmw M.....   . . . r  

 

Belated Bidding Better

The (commutator——

Last Monday at 12:30 P. M.. the fall rush season
closed with freshmen handing in their bids. Some fra-
ternities were satisﬁed, others weren’t. One thing that
most of the fraternity men will agree on is that this
Fall showed more high-pressured rushing than any
other before it. There were many incidents which
will be talked about for quite awhile, grudges will be
nourished. and feelings hurt. The most bewildered
people will probably be the fresh. So it seems to quite
a few people that there must be some solution to the
present problems of rushing.

There have been many articles written in the past
about rushing and they were as sincere as this one.
But they offered no constructive criticism. In the past,

the rushing system offered no solution

 

Constructive to its troubles. However, two things
Criticism have changed in the past two years.
Lacking First, the rise of competition: second,

the extension of the college course. In
the light of the ﬁve-year course. we should give the
freshmen more time to make up their minds and
extend the rush season to include the entire freshman
year.

As conditions exist now, a freshman has to abide
for four and one-half years by a promise he has made
after a few concentrated. awfully-confused days of
thinking. This seems unfair and unnecessary. Why,
in the name of all fraternities, can't the freshmen
enjoy their ﬁrst year of college without tasting the
salt of fraternity rushing!

A brief explanation of a proposed new rushing sys-
tem is as follows:

1. Freshmen will not be bid until the first week of
their Sophomore year.

(During the course of a year a freshman will auto-
matically associate himself with a group of fellows.
Over the period of a year he will ﬁnd out for himself
where he ﬁts best and will not be talked into any-
thing. High-pressure “salesmanship” the ﬁrst week
of school will be out because everybody is too busy
collecting the loose ends of last year. Finally, the
sophs won’t have time to be rushed. The summer time
will give the frosh ample opportunity to think over
their impressions of the various fraternities.)

2. A social calendar for fraternity functions can
be planned.

(This will include smokers. parties,

Outline dances, etc. Under this arrangement, no
I’roposcd week-end will be desired above all others.
Changes There will be no conflict for the November

10 week-end.)

3. Freshmen will be allowed to stay in any frat
house at any time.

IThcre can be no partiality to one fraternity here,
since in a year’s time the freshmen will have had ample
time to experience this rare privilege in every frat
house.)

4. There will be no silent period.

(This has often been contemplated but is now
foolish as well as a waste of time.)

5. The climax for rushing will be Intcrfraternlty
smoker the first week of the new school year.

IA joint fraternity function is healthier and Tnorc
normal for the ycai'iings than any one fraternity
function.)

This plan has the following advantages to offer:

1. Pressure on fraternity men and freshmen will be
relieved.

2. The fresh, after a year. will know better what
their minds are.

3. The freshmen will rush the fraternities, instead
of vice-verso. This is a more normal situation.

4. Freshmen will not be subject to

Advantages high-pressure salesmanship in the last
Appear hours.
Numerous 5. Fraternities can plan entertain-

ment according to their budget. and
not be caught short.

6. There will be no more cliques at noontimes of the
last week fawning over the freshmen.

’7. Freshmen will not have their egos blown sky-high
by their sudden popularity.

This is a plea to all fraternities and Intcrfratcrnity
Council to do away with every aspect and intimation
of the present rushing system.

If all the fraternity men who are opposed to a con-
tinuance of this; year’s treachery and tricks will only
say something in their respective fraternity meetings
something might be done. i I

The Weeley—B—tdletin

NYA HtH’lAII ‘; .‘i.’
.\|i Hllitlt'liln who illll liol V, .,. I ...,. I ‘.'.l \"f‘"
Work the IIIIleInIIIn llllil' IIi- ' ' II” “I T". Mush ‘ Immm'
lowed llll'lil during the lli'nl I'Ulmm" 'Iz'm I" M'

.\'i'.\ periods will be per NWI‘HIIH'I' Bil Newman
IiilIlI'Il lo malo- up [his llInI- Hvlni ' Formal. NMI'IIIIIII
during the Novaan-r I)I-- Hall. 0:00 I:ti0 l'. .\l
IIIIIlItI pit) In lltllI. lliln NUVUHIIIN. :m quwlm” v“,

lllllt', lit)\\’l"\'l‘l', ('ilIiIltlI bo lull.” N,” , ,
lliiltll‘ IIp :IIII-r III't'l'lillit'I' if). I.,‘_W' 'l; 'sllmlm “"ll' 'li'm’

Hindu-Ills \vlil pimim- IllIlI'
,\li\'l'lllIil'l‘ lit) jv‘j-,.|,.l-”||y

IllllI llIls Illlil‘ l‘illl Ill' addrd
Io Ilni IIIIlenIIIIII ilmI- 'il "lioond Iloblr "

‘ . I 
iowI-d Ilit'fll lol' the period. I) till 1’: III) i' \l mum”.
Itnlph Clark . I ' I
' III‘I'I'IIIIH‘I'” ..' HI'A liit‘t'llllK

and lilIlIl‘l HllppI-I‘ \I'llII lii'.

HI udonl liircrior.
t'IlIIIl‘i'I'NAH Hl‘lAlri‘l l\".|[‘.yl [Inunu’jn’ 3:11“ [IIMI
lIt'I'I‘ililll’i' 2i t‘iIIb X. IIi'.

.inIIII l'lpsllon i'lIi llll
iilllllilit'l‘ri lls ilillliliil sale of
t‘ II' slums h‘l‘ilIH beginning ii iv Ii II. IIIHt‘llHHli I) ’
Monday. 'l'lil' souls will If“ "Friendship and, MIII'II
Hold ltllilly from 0le) .I. .\i. I'lIIgo."
H. .i:.\lti I'. M. iii il labio ill'ill‘ III-I‘I'ilillt'l' ll Meeting of
n- . nnux. ' I '
. l. M .I. lll'n‘l and Ht'l‘ I ' I
limb) triofmlnun. 1...“, “mm, “,‘llull‘ln.l;”
Donn. A l'. I'M. A M ' '

L'I‘ ... ..

in collaboration with Na I".‘:,'.',',l".'. rp’. Alumni TVI‘A
IloIIIIi Art \Vcok now being fro” if ‘1‘”,L"|l'lg“"’:l“"
observed throughout ibo ' l ‘ '
I'ollIili'l’. the AH llt'liill‘liiil'lll l"“"'”'""" 'I “Will”: I)" 1’l
iiiilIoIiiIt'I-n on iilillllii‘IZl‘iI ox ‘lllllllml M“. “f- lilllllllll V.
lilblllon of paintings which “WWII NVHHIIII'I'. Tlillllliu’li
may be found on tho Hl'f’tiiifl “1”” lb 1va 1

floor of lirupor.
IIIIIII l‘l. lluiehtnus.
Art "apartment.

December 0 lf‘irIII Newman
III'I’fil‘ilt'fl “l'ops” t'oncorl,
Lounge, ilzlltibztit) l’, M.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, I940

Basketball Season Opens

 

Dec. 7 for Varsity, Froshl

Purple and Gold to Start Tough Schedule Against RPI;
St. Lawrence, Clarkson to Play State This Year;
Frosh Slated for Only Ten Encounters

 

be the traditional RPI-State battle
at Troy next Saturday night, De-
cember ‘7. This year. only one game.
instead of the usual two, has been
scheduled with RPI. The Engineers
will not appear on the Page floor
until next year.

Instead of two games with RPI
this year. two games have been
scheduled with Siena as opposed to
one last year. The Siena game will
be played at the William S. Hackett
Junior High School gym which will
serve as the home court for the
Mohawks.

Five New Opponents

There are five new opponents for
the Pedagogues this year. The chief
additions to the schedule are St.
Lawrence and Clarkson. The caliber
of these two adversaries can hardly
be overrated. They both consistently
turn out high class squads that meet
the best teams in the East. Hobart.
Oswego, and Plattsburg can hardly
be expected to provide breathers.
These teams. though not in the same
class with St. Lawrence, help make
the schedule as tough as any. As
usual, the Purple and Gold will meet
Brooklyn Poly. Pratt. St. Michael’s.
and the Alumni. Past experience
has shown us that tough opposition
will be displayed by all these regu-
lars. with the possible exception of
the Alumni. The squad has been
preparing 101' this season for the past
month. Next week. as a special
preparation for the RPI game, the
managerial staff will mark our regu-
lation rectangular bankboards in
the shape of the irregular elliptical
stccl bankboards now in use at the
RPI gym. This will accustom the
team to the shape of the boards
which they will ﬁnd at RPI.

Freshman Opposition

This year’s frosh aggregation will
step into a comparatively favorable
schedule of exactly ten games even.
which is one less than the previous
season‘s eleven naturals.

Missing from the competition this
year will be Troy Business College’s
strong outfit (two games) and the
Union Frosh. They are replaced with
one away at Plattsburgh Normal
College and a rivalry contest with
the sophomores.

The State yearling's inaugural ad-
dress is at RPI. December ’7, on the
out - of - towncrs' immense “cross-
country" gym floor. Only one contest
will take place with the Engineers
as compared with the dual mchs of
the past held on a home-and—homc
basis.

Gaps in Schedule

Two large gaps hit the frosh in
their practicing. The first is over
two weeks long during Christmas
vacation and the next comes at the
ﬁnish of January for almost over
three weeks. In direct contrast the
frosh will strike a furious pace when
they reach the home stretch in
March. having to play three games
in eight days.

Coach WaitI-r Danlicwicz did not.
comnu-nt on this team's chances for
a successful season. but from the
favorable appearance by way of form
in practice sessions, supplemented by
a wealth of experience and height.

 

'BAR Deadlocks
l-M League Leadl

College House Downs Potter
In Feature Cage Contest;

Grads Record Easy Win

As play approaches the half way
mark in the first round of intramural
basketball play, the standings show
three teams undefeated and tied for
the league lead with three victories
each. College House, BAR. and the
Grads all boast clean slates and for
the present are well in front of the
rest of the pack.

After a long sojourn in Intramural
athletic basements. the representa-
tives of Brubacher, Avalon and
Robin halls have emerged as the
early season “dark horse." Boasting
a close win over KB and having
trounced SLS Tuesday. the BAR
boys look like one of the top teams.
Sprowls, who hit the cords for 16
points against SLS, Portley, Tyler,
Pcppard, are all capable courtmen,
assisted by two good-looking frosh.
Demick and Duncan.

Feature of the past week came
Tuesday when College House and
Potter Club tangled. For three quar-
ters the teams battled along with
CH holding a 14-12 edge. The dam
broke in the final stanza as Central

 

. . I
Only one week remams before State’s varSIty cagers start on the.the 1940-41 basketball schedules car-
toughest lS-game schedule any State team has ever faced.

The ﬁrst game of the season willg

Maloney's
Baloney

..

 

 

Today’s formal announcement of

rles us to the brink of what in this
department’s opinion will be the
hottest cage campaign in many a
year. We'd like to cite a few facts
to bolster our opinion.

A glance at the schedule will tell
a lot. The ﬁnal draft carries thir-
teen games, which in spite of com-
ments to the contrary, constitutes
pretty close to a full load. The RPI
tilt is a natural opener, what with
years of bitter rivalry behind it.
Clarkson opens the State home sea-
son with a bang. With a newcomer
to Page, the contest should prove to
be the feature attraction on the local
boards. Also on the home card.
Brooklyn Poly and St. Mike's, both
old timers on our roster, must be
granted more than passing impor-
tance. The Plattsburgh clash will
be interesting. if only from the
standpoint of seeing new competi-
tion in action.

The Sicna games alone will pro-
vide local basket fans with enough
snappy play to justify the whole
season. Sports commentators seem
to be unanimous in heaping praise
upon the newly named Indians.
lligh spots on Siena’s card for the
year are such outﬁts as St. Francis,
Seton Hall, St. Bonnie, Canisius,
and Providence, all of which must
be regarded with more than a
grain of the well known sodium
chloride. With vets Tucker, Crum—
mcy, Sullivan, Rehfuss, Barrett
and O’Brien still in the crew, the

l Indians should scalp more than
’ one unsuspecting rival. Suffice it
to say that the two war dances
with State will be worth watching.

 

Ave. ran wild and recorded a top-
hcavy 31—14 victory. The defending
champs have now hurdicd three
teams who will stand hing in the

Standings Wednesday

Won [.1th
(‘IIIIr-g‘r- Hollsc . . . . . . . . .. ' II
II . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,.

 

   

II.\ t 0
(Armin . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . I 0
I\ IIII . . . . . I I
l‘oiivr . . i I
KIS . I 15
ﬁlm' 0 '3
(Armin . ti 2
ltnmblr-rs 0 AI

 

 

'ﬁnal standings and. consequently.
observers who are bold enough to
call the turn at this time, are giving
the titleholders the nod. The Grads
continued impressive in swamping
the Ramblers 30-0. However, they
now boast wins over the league's
three cellar clubs, so their contest
with KDR last night should be the
tipofl on their real capabilities.
The surprise of the season thus
far. has been the hapless play of the

vidcd such stern competition last
year. now has a strangle hold on
last place and isn't playing any close
games. Their losses to Potter Club
and KB gave both these clubs their
initial victory.

Though the bulk of the season is
still on tap, the lineup of the teams
is already apparent. The six clubs
occupying the first six spots at the
present writing are all capable. The
other three outfits appear hopelessly
mired.

New Craft Club Convenes
With Johnston and Beers
As lillllOlTlTCCd in the Winter

Handbook (which. incidentally, may
still he obtained from Anita Hoim).

 

the frosh should run through their
present schedule with wings.

I-M Practice Inaugurated

Basketball practice. preparatory to
the inauguratimi of another WAA
intramural league season. started
Monday with a Iurn~out of fifty—six
girls. The practice sessions will be
conducted on Mondays from 3:30 to
5:00 I’. M. and on Fridays from 4:30
to 0:00 P. M.. including this after-
noon.

'1‘hc schedule for the intramural
games has not been made up yet,
but there will be contests staged in
the Page Hall gym cvory wreck start-
ing next Wednesday from 7:30 to
9:30 P. M.

the first meeting of the newly or-
l gnnizod Craft Club took place "l‘ucs—
day night at 7:00 P. M.. in the Feni-
morc Cooper I-lousc.

Miss Johnston and Madalyn Beers
discussed the different types of work
the girls could do, and showed sam—
ples of handcraft.

itegular WAA credit will be given
to the participants in the newest
wvckly activity of the association.

Ramblers. The same team that pro- .

Something happened on State’s
sport front this month that can
‘ hardly be neglected. In fact it

would he a gross insult not to con-
gratulate the brainy chessmen for
their spectacular feat in knocking
off Rutgers. Princeton, and NYU
in rapid succession.

Since the inception of chess at
lState. the boys have performed in
a manner that has put the best
teams in the East to shame. The
mere fact that chess is not appealing
from the spectator's standpoint dc—
tracts in no way from the impor-
tance of the local outflt’s achieve-
ments. It is no exaggeration to say
that State's pawn pushcrs are well
on the road to becoming one of the
nation's top notch teams.

Jimmy Chappcll has asked us to
advertise the fact that a bus will be
run to the RPI game at Troy on
December 7, if enough signify their
intention to go. Since there is no
home game with the Engineers this
year. it is hoped that there will be
a larger representation than usual
from State at the Troy tilt.

Handcraft Show Feature
OIWAA Lounge Tea

Again this year the Lounge of
Richardson Hall will be the scene
of the annual WAA Tca, which will
be conducted Wednesday afternoon,
December 4. from 3:30 to 5:00 P. M.
Miss Johnston. physical cd instruc-
tor. and Madalyn Beers, president of
WAA. will pour.

Jane Williams, general chairman,
is planning an exhibit of hand-
crafts and snapshots of up-to-date

 

 

 

 

Mon. 9—Clarkson

Fri. 13—Brookiyn Poly
Sat. l4—St. Lawrence *
Thur. 19—Siena
January

Fri. IO—Plattsburgh *
Fri. 17—Pratt *
February

Fri. 7—Hobart *

Sat. S—Oswego *

Fri. l4—Plattsburgh
Fri. 21—St. Michaels
March

Sat. l—Siena *

Sat. 8—Alumni

PAGE 1‘

Basketball Schedules 1940-41

Varsity Freshmen
December December
Sat. 7—RPI * Sat. 7—RPI *

Fri. lS—Albany Academy
Thur. l9—Sicna

January

Fri. lO—Plattsburgh *
Fri. l7——Albany Academy *

February

Fri. 7-—-Delhi*
Fri. l4—Albany Business

March

Sat. l—Siena *
Tues. 4—Delhi
Sat. 8—Sophomores

* Away.

 

by Peter Marchetta 0
During the past twa weeks, State’s
chess team has proven without doubt
that it is worthy of national promi-
nence. In this period the chess team
eked out a victory over NYU, alleged-
ly the third best team in the country.
Moreover, it won decisive victories
from Rutgers and Princeton. Rut-
gers is at present leading the New
York-New Jersey Intercollegiate
Chess League. while Princeton is a
member of the Ivy Chess League,
which is the best in the country.

After a strenuous automobile
journey, the statesmen arrived in
New Brunswick and at once en-
countered the Rutgers aggregation.
The match went on into the wee
hours of the morning and ended
when Steve Shaw ﬁnally vanquished
his man, after five hours of intensive
playing. All other members of the
team. except one. also won their
boards and thus the score was 5-1.

Princeton Defeated

Leaving immediately for Prince—
ton. State's chessmen arrived at
4:00 A. M. Here they found little
difﬁculty in obtaining sleeping quar-
ters and at 8:00 A. M. they break—
fasted as guests of the Orange and
Black. With only three hours of
sleep, the team began its second
match within twelve hours. By noon
it was all over ancl,state emerged
as victor by the score 5‘2-59. On its
return home. the members of the
chess team attended the Rutgers-St.
Lawrence football game as guests of
Rutgers University. Those who made
the trip were Steve Shaw, Art Fox,
John Hoose. James Gillen, Roy Som-
mers. and Henry Kratz.

Both Rutgers and Princeton were
so surprised at being defeated by
State College that they immediately
asked for return engagements. Their
challenges were cordially accepted
and their teams will journey to

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
Dinners 25c and Up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 A. M. — 11:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

Chessmen Victorious Over

NY U, Rutgers, Princeton

 

Albany later in the year for the re-
turn matches.

NYU Defeated

Last Friday State College's chess
team gained sweet revenge for last
year’s defeat at the hands of NYU.
However, this game, which was
played at the SL5 house. was closely
contested all the way. At 2:00 A.M.,
the match was forced to adjourn
till morning. with State leading 2-1.
This score. however, did not appear
secure, since the two boards which
were still being contested, seemed
hopelessly lost to State. But when
play was resumed in the morning,
Steve Show and Art Fox. the two
team mainstays, rallied courageously
and by noon their grit was rewarded.
Both succeeded in wresting the ad-
vantage from their opponents and
the games ended in a draw and thus
a victory for State College, 3-2. To
Hoose and Gillen, who each won his
respective game. goes most of the
credit for this victory over NYU.

Having already beaten its toughest
opponents, State's chess team can
look forward to an undefeated sea-
son. In intercollegiate competition,
State has chalked up four'straight
victories.
Union This Weekend

This weekend will ﬁnd State‘s
chess team meeting its traditional
rival, Union, in Schenectady. This
match will be a league contest of
the Upper Hudson Chess League.
Other members of this league, be-
sides State, are Union, RPI and
Colgate. State has already defeated
RPI and a victory over Union will
give the team a firmer grip on the
trophy which is being provided for
the championship team.

 

 

Dial 8-9038
ELSE’S HAIR DRESSING
IIAIR STYLIST
Licensed Zotos Shop
805 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

You ’11 find
At the

 

 

WAA events. The latter will be of
special interest to the freshmen.
Assisting Jane are the following
Win Jones. food; Kay Peterson. en-
tertainment; Armcde Black. pub—
licity; and Anita I-Iolm. hostesses.

 

 

 

For State College Bowlers:

RIIIE ALLEYS

 

Kodaks (lino Kodaks
Albany Camera Shop, inc.
2.04 Washington Avenue
ALBANY. N. Y.

PHONE 5-4558

 

Western and Quail

lbc BOWLING

From 9:00 A. M. to 0:00 I‘. M.

W” .m .5

.il/umy’r [fur/lion Center

Maybe you need some warm and
bulky cardigans, or a couple of
new trim skirts for classes. Or
are you in the spirit for a now
too and date dress. Maybe you
are planning on a new glittering,
glamorous evening dress. What-
over your needs, now and during
the year, you’ll find the smartest,
the most fashion-right clothes at
Whitney's.

Second Floor

ANNEX

CREAM

Nothing Else So Good
Is So Good For You

“ﬂu—mm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

   
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
  

 

 

