 

 

 

 

 

 

 

w tiaaemavws...“ . s. .

 

 

Page 2
r

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
Member

Associated Conesiale Press

Distributor of
l I
Colleotaie Dtoesi
The undergraduate Newspa er of New York State College
for "eachers
Published every Friday of the college year by the News
liourtl representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office. 5-9373; Howe. 2-4314: Kownlsky. 2-1243;
Young. 5-1633: Gabriel, :- t"
Entered as second class matter in the Albany. N. Y.
posloffiee

 

IIPIISINTIO POI NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV

National Adverttsmg Semce, lnc.
College Pub/43b": Representative

420 MADISON AVI. NIW YORK. N. Y.

cmcaco - Bolton - Lo! Alolul - SAII Fuucuco

THE NEWS BOARD

Ono J. Hows    Editor-in-Ghief
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY ................ .. . Co-Editor-in-Oltief
SALLY E. Youse  '
Bummer-z Don't-2n
Srnrnex I<USAK .
JOHN Mt'ttnsv

SAUL Gnaanam .
Bs'r'rv CLARK  
MARY GABRIEL  
KENNETH HASER

 

 

E
E
5
E
5
{‘1
a.
2,
9.

 

Associate Editor
.. Associate Editor
Associate Editor
 .......... .. News Editor

  , .. .. Sports Editor
  . Business Manager
   Adrertising Manager

SOPHOMORE DESK EDITORS
\VuaaAM Donnaxcn, JI'NE HAt'su.\t.Tnt:. ANITA Hour.
Enwrx HOLSTl-ZIN, CARL Manor-To. 1i.uuiv Passow

 

 

  

 

 

Music Council

 

 

In Friday‘s assembly the committ'c appoint— .

cd to consider .\ir. ix'arpen‘s amendment :natic its
tcport. '1 he plan proposed by the minutiae ‘.\'.i>
accepted unanimously by everyone of til.‘ t‘t.‘i"‘
members of that committee.

The legislative reform mongers in tile :tsscznbi;
did not wait for an adequate explanation of lit-c
committee report or allow the report to be accept-
ed or rejected by the assembly. They began :1

series of amendments confusing to the studcnt body. :

Mr. Karpen. a member of the committee. agrct-d
to the committee report--~~atn’i then, just as soon
as it was presented. began amending it. Why
didn't .\lr. Karpcn present his amendments in
the committee meeting and save the time of the
assembly? Why (lid he accept the report in com-
mittee meeting anti then move to amend in as-
sembly? Of course some people have dramatic
tendencies and they will crop otit~——at the expense
of the rest of the student body.

The reorganized council is already showing
that it cannot operate efficiently. The present
six members of the Music council are not able
to handle the present clerical work of the coun—
cil—because thc majority of the freshmen have
refused to work since council was reorganized it'ri-
day. in the future how can the new council hope
to operate efficiently with only three mcmbcrs to
do the work anti freshmen refusing to work?

We hope that Mr. ix'arpen and his fellow amen-
(lots are satisfied with the havoc they have created
in a council that was running smoothly tip to this
time. in the future we hope that the assembly
will treat reorganimtion as a serious matter and
refuse to vote without understanding what the votc
will mean.

My Vote ?

it was quite apparent in last Friday's assembly
that the majority of the student body was voting
without knowing what the qucstion ihat was bc-
fore the house meant. .v\ftt-r a vcry short pcriod
of debate the student body mom restless and
forgets to listen. lit-cause of this restlessness they
are totally unprcparcd to vote and pass judgment
upon the imsincss before he house.

in the last assembly thcrc was an hour and
fiftecn minutcs of debate and amcndmcnts upon
one committcc t‘cpot‘l. .\t one lilllt' during llli~
pcriod thct‘c was a motion for thc prctious «pic.»
tion to amend tln- atuclldlncnl. amcnding tin-
amcndmcnt. ttlncllding tltc totnmiucc l‘t'lntl‘l. Now
we ask you. just how are students, unfamiliar with
parlamcruary procedures, going to keep things.
straight and know what they are voting upon or
what their vote means?

The students of State are credited with being
on a high intelligence icvci. Why don’t they exer—
cise that intelligence and refuse to vote on mo-
tions which they do not understand? Of course
everyone has the right to vote~he also has the
right to withhold his vote. Effective legislation
cannot be enacted by voters not understanding

the legislation.

Let’s have effective legislation”

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 19, 1940

To the Strident Body:

In our our years at State college we have witnessed a
collegiate phenomena—an administration that believes in
a strict laissez-fairc policy toward all extra-class activities.
The student body has appreciated this policy; we have
learned by our own mistakes; it has fitted us as teachers
for the secondary schools of this state—we have been con-
sidered adults!

At the present time a reorganization of sorority rush-
ing rules is being considered. The suggestions have come
from the present: administration.
to have two weeks of open rushing after college opens in
the fall. At the end of two weeks the sororities will be
divided into two groups and hold open houses. Immediate-
ly after this the sororities will send out their bids and the
sorority rushing program for the year will come to an end.
This proposed plan is modeled after the system now in use
at Syracuse uuiversity—-—Syracuse is being brought to State!

The purpose of this proposed rushing program is to
eliminate dirty rushing. relieve the st'ain on the bewil-
dered freshmen, and prevent a few broken hearts.

To eliminate dirty rushing: The dirty rushing now in
use. is at Intersorority tea—a freshman is to have one Clitllt‘s
at each table—but it' she is outstanding she is held over an
extra dance—dirty rushing. Under the new plan each
freshman will visit the open house of each sorority, stay
their allotted time, then go on to the next sorority house.
Of course no sorority would even stoop to think of kccp-
ing' a freshman girl at their tireck house more titan their
time allowed. 'i‘hcy wouldn't think of the possibility of
thfs type of dirty rushing—they wouldn‘t cvcn lci thr
freshman ottt ot' the houscif

tin high school?

At the present timc the administration is trying to kt- 'p
the womens t'rerhmttn camp l'l‘cc front sorority l‘tlsllilll.
They even go so far as to prohibit the use of sorority rin 
and pins. and make the girls usc adhesive tape to cov. t
sorority insignia worn on their shoes. Wc can't imagi. 
the sorority girls meckiy submitting to thcsc regulations
under the new plan when they l‘eitliZt‘ that they will have
only two weeks of rushing when they return to College
campus, 4

To relieve the strain: As far as we have been able to
ascertain from this year's freshman girls. they were under 1‘
no strain at ail—“they Were not conscious of the fact that I
they were being rushed. Wc wonder if the administra—
tion has considered the strain that will be forced upon the
present three hundred and sixty-five sorority girls as com-
parcd to the approximately onc hundred and seventy fresh-
men girls that they wish to free from an assumed strain!

To prevent broken hearts: In two weeks" time what
sorority girl is qualified to pass, upon the various merits
of a certain freshman girl and decide whether or not she
should be bid '3 How can freshman girls. not yct orientated
to college life. decide what (it‘cck organization to join
and thus mold their iivcs for thc ucxt ftyc ycars'.‘

Why does the administration think it a good policy to
takc the girls back to the days of hair-pulling. face-slap-
ping rushing? t'an it be that sororities arc destined to
collapse and become tion-existcnt‘.’ With the coming t'ive- j
year plan why not usi- the modern, up-to-datc rushing sys- ‘
tcm now used in many other colleges—an intciiigcnt, dc-t
iuyed biddingr system is uscd. That is. no sorority 'tlil bid i
a freshman duringr her first year in college, ‘
delayed until the beginning of the sophomorc ycttl‘. 

An impartial committee has boon sot up to study this '
proposed sorority rushing program. The committcc is

 

composed of one faculty lllt'lllltt-l‘ in favor of thc ncw plan, g‘

two sorority girls in favor of thc plan, and one sorority g‘t‘l ‘
opposcd to the plan. it is an impartial conunittco?! (if
course this copunittcc is adequate to consider and pass
upon a plan that will effect the lives of approximately
three hundrcd and sixty-five women and thc future of
eleven Greek organization.

If the administration must take a hand tn undergrad-
uate activities we suggest that it seriously consider the
new and more progressive rushing method used on up-to—
date campuses of the country instead of bringing in a sys-
tem that is rapidly becoming obsolete.

Respectfully,
The NEWS Board.

 

 

The proposed plan is'

int large or two from Operatic society oh,

Bidding is 

 

 

Chesty Connotations

Commentstater

Things we have been wanting to get off our chest:
ill it it I 10'

Where are those student association business
meetings of yore? It wasn’t so long ago when bus-
iness meetings were actually business meetings, and
not mass “homing-around,” when the agenda was
considered in an orderly fashion, when Robert’s
Rules was used to expedite business and not to im-
pede it. Last Friday's assembly was the most cha-
.ot;ic one we have ever seen, not to mentionthe dis-
gusting exhibition of student participation that took
place. Evidently co-operation and a serious con-
sideration of issues, like budget increases, come un-
der the heading of last year's model. Can it be that
the intelligence level of the association is not ade-
quate to understand the intrinsic value of co-opera-
tion .

 

 

 

 

ti! * * til ’it

We are still waiting for the time when some
candidate for a student association office will con-
piuct one of those old—fashioned campaigns with all
Ithe trimmings. The formula calls for the following
Jingrcdtents: unlimited enthusiasm. sure-file issues,
blaring posters, reams of campaign literature. back-
siapping. innumerable speeches, bonfire rallies, pa-
rades. and even cigars (smoking in the Commons
onlyl. Of cottrse, the amount of these ingredients
tshould be diminished according to the occasion.
.’i‘ruc. this type of clectioncering is more fitting in
‘arge universities, but we still feel there is a place
for it in State college. if conducted in an organized
inanner. "l‘is a pity that political campaigns at
‘Statc amount to nothing more than n poster hung
‘on the main bulletin board. Ottr neighbors at RPI
‘ciirnaxcd a week of hot political campaigning with
l parade through the downtown district of Troy last
Friday night. Not even three inches of snow could
cool the enthusiasm of their campaign.

 

.., .,. 

And that reminds us. When are candidates for
major offices on our campus going to base their
campaigns on issues rather than on what they may
have donc in the past at Stutc and what they \vcrb
'i‘hc current practice of Silt‘Of'llL‘S
by candidatcs and ct’tmpaign mutntgcrs in assembly
has always bccn a dcbtttabic ouc. "Too many hot:-
iug Silt‘l'i'llt'ﬁ make it it waste of tituc." is a frcqucnt
rcmurk. What arc you going to do about this. candi-
datcs'.’ iicmcmbca' that pcoplc will sooner listen to
your ideas and principles than a lot of idle twuddic
about your promises and past dccds.

.2: a:

iii :l: .9:

Which in turn reminds us. where is election com-

:missiou 1’ Must \vc appoint :t committee of one from
‘01)81'2‘1110 soctcty. one from Choral society.

I ‘ one from
the Symphony orchestra. and six frotn the association
pardon

us! That's something else. Well. anyway. must
we appoint a committee to find it'.‘ '
 :5 :k z}: :0:

This column sortie time ago urged that the 1940-
41 budget be considered earlier than the usual time
the lust assembly of the year. \\'c repeat this rec-l
omincndation and go a bit further by suggestinv
that an itcmiacd budch of each organization in:
chided in the association budgct bc mimeographed
in pamphlet form and distributed to everv member
of the a'ociatiou. This was done at the fime when
the lit -:l8 budget was considered and facilitated
tnattcrs it great deal. Are you there. Finance bcard'.‘

  
 

r 'i~ 1: :L :1:
The reform movcmcut is still in progress. \\'hnt
ncxt'.";’

'rutc WEEKLY Itlit.l.l<:'l‘l.\f

I'\l{'i'-l'l\ll'i  l Eli 1‘] ii i ' ' ‘
. . 1.4,ttti.t~s.
‘ l.\ll'l.ii\\ll‘i\l' 'lit ' major l-II-tl‘ltttu‘» I‘
5' .tl~ it's \\:t-~ tin-strut with .l .l m- s itnonnrtr I’o-xpt r
:uj-otyuitu: Ililitl' ii] i

 l‘l‘ .illrl .lanju
- Ii ‘o .ttcl'
.t.

   

.iilli . t
to ill.l|\i' .u or“
known :o tbt-

.li limit-n
4... -~ 1!" riot“ st. .1
~ivb distr.‘

   
 

.t‘i 1
\.l>tlt‘\ or

      

'tut'tatu is won as possibil- v. .p .
l‘JlL'lll' .\. l'i-rrt-tl. .\ I‘lllilliv lt- .ts or it I
\lur) .lunt- \icNuuiuru, It mist s n a'h tli. tr prim: to]

I irw'lors. on

)
l'l\ l'll.\-( l lilllt’l l..\l( \\ti\ll“,\'.~ IltlLSl-IS

  

l..\\til.\til'1 .\l‘IltVltli \.uutn. ll"‘ill|litl Iltii 516'
in. l'..\il'.t t ill‘l'il‘llidl‘Iv l.lll \I'\\lll.ill ll.llt .\‘s ’.o n. .\oofi
_t t.t..w .\t-rim: is now Iilll'l'iliﬂ \\ I’I‘ll il.tii \‘xinl. .~'\.'.<I \‘Ilttl

t~~t~ lil lIIi'lli.lll ‘rvttrb ill .‘illithlli Fto' 'l'- iii

\I'Ili‘ll. |'.i:1tti lirt-k .\r l.u nit-1. coop.thI'iu..t-w m)

‘ mziliu l'mlsb. .Ill~i thwb i‘. t- I \I "’
\t H \: omits .ttt- llll'lit'tl .tud litizju-ts t‘mtptvi'.t‘.;\.- Hi
1,. j... .j. \l|il",.:l'tl .\t] sin \iwIt-atil t‘n-Itt’aztit- Hint

,vt. s .irt ut It'itllli‘ to join \ll~2\'\ lltil .\i's
iliouuis i'ursous. ‘l‘l. coil. ,_' lions. U \soo
(‘thlil' lil illi.ll'lti r ll..l1 .\s .tl

\. st Ill-ll' tip and gown NH I\l. (’\l.li\ll\it

tilt rs Illiii" Io- l’lllltl lu\ .\jvrtl Iii .\swtoltt .\-i\ lll“ ti

j.t.. _ l'lIlIt.ti1t‘~ 1-.|\

\luruurct llurur-ltc. l'.t iii in \i i\nn .- W '
W ~ ' \l‘llllllﬂl‘l'. g In [,ooiig. II t. ...l.
“(I lll'.l'.\li|\||'.\l‘ l'.I i'lttl'liii' \i‘ i-il'

lbw .Ilil'lliltlli oI .iii stu ililll \ l) t I I I L
.lttt‘s is t.tiil|l to [ill \\tl'll\ 'i \i. H ‘ ‘Hm \

. t . .' II" of | t it i
ll K\llll'ii‘ hung in tho \t'l' Ioong. "I o [Mil .Il “
nod tlo‘t-r torrtliol' oI l'I'.l||I*l' Jl \lwttug o l \iiir 1"
hi. l'..|t'll wick tlit- ‘iillil lll~ t‘itlllil|i~\i-l|| Iout 'i -' ill
m _\m :1 plan t\\o displays o court. “I
unlt- lintllul‘lltu «‘III'I'i'Itl tli'i. lln- '_'l \ll'l‘lillu ot t'tis-H ii- i»
o' ii 1' tlsitll‘li' ‘i I Itllll ‘ ' I i

V . j... \ lltl I ‘it 'l
llullt I'.. “llll'lililn, _. Matt roll. gt- ‘I'illlil‘vlk pro
.\nnistuul |il‘ult'nt1tll‘ g r .l to. “Will” 1 "i ll

. of t-tnu .\rls. ...t...-i. ‘ '
111‘”. .\lNh .\Iill.\\lul'.\ll".\'l‘H L'ft illlllillil’l'l't' club lutiqucl

.liss llciclt ilali Mort-laud. Jar-l. s rrstauraut Ii till
|lt‘.ill 'ol 'eltltlcllls, has so): o‘t-lorl. ‘
gosh-t I tat students maki- "u "7 s '

V V .. .. .l.il- i. - l' s .
housing arrangt-mt-uts t o r . no t-Ilng liotfidid “Ulnﬁli 1‘

tit-M .\car soon. as lltc ilullscs‘i '

arc bogluuing to fill up '“m‘ll‘ulmi‘

.‘llltlilollf‘llllll, 10:00 o‘clock.

,lilll‘rt‘ b a v i' lii‘t'li sch-rill ‘ May _’ Statt- rollt-gt- radio
1' militias: . :ro 'rutu ' ’ i ‘
\\ l‘cll Hall has iowcrcd Ihc .lt‘o Sp].- ' “ “1‘” 4 “m

prices for curtain rooms. g‘t
La Maison Francoise will.
he il|ll‘ll to all students lulcr

. ‘31 Advanced
il'l'Sl‘lll-‘lllull 0
trains." l'agc

llraniatics
f ” )t-ar
hall.

.3...”- .t a... ,...q

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 19, 1940

Page 3

 

 

 

 

T'S A LONG time between issues

——what; with the present bud-

get; setup — and the liquid
equivalent of several thousand N1-
agaras might have thundered over
State's sports dam (or vice versa)
since We lost flexed our fingers
’round a pencil.

But such has definitely not been
the case. What few drops have
managed to trickle down the bone-
dry sports spillway since the con—
clusion of basketball might wall he
put to shame by a Gobi brook.

The lttll in activity which has
characterized the State sport scene
for the past month is unforgivnblc.
While major sports are in progress
it is more or less natural that tile
intramural program should be shov-
ed into the background. We're not
favoring such a situation especially,
but. merely stating what is general—

iy true. in contrast. periods likc
the present, ltllls between tunjor
sport seasons. prcscut ideal oppor—

tunities for emphasis on intramurals.
Stu-h emphasis has been sorcly
missed during tho current qtucl ou
the varsity from.

Vollcyintil (lit‘il olli pram-fully llt'v
forc We were fully ll\\'t‘.i‘t' that it had
begun. liilll'lllt',‘ this i'cI-blr spurt
the sports world at Main has llt'l'll
pitifully (lcvoltl of ally activity \llll'”
lltc windup of thi- iulramurul capt-
Slii‘ll.

Such a situation is hordlt :I dc-
sit'abic ouc. l’icurto iztltt' iiilil' Wc'rw
not iwiiowiu". .‘(llt'i\' lli't'llil‘t‘ luck

of sports :li'hl'llt”. :l ort ol .utrattgo

difficulty Io lln' '~|ltlli:» editori. turd-1
rrllititlgii i! t:. litltzbty i'llllltll‘l'tl‘t.‘~~
inn! Nor :u't- \\'c attcmplnm .o lix
thc blumc. It may be tlto:.t- in

charge, it may be the \vculitct'.

may Ir: failure of Ilu- ililllllllinll'il“
iiolt lo t'o—opt't'alt'. it may be lii'il-
l‘l'lll apathy on illl‘ purl oi the stu-

dcuts. Wiuttcvcr the il'fliiiJli‘ may
be. wc'rc mcrcly ltlllll‘lliillt,’ the su—
utuion with lhc stnntcstion that

some action he tukcu to insure a
sprint: intramural program with a
bit lll()l‘l‘ Zt'si.
"tIIIVl'lltAL TIMES have we been
‘9 act-osch siucc last week's fiery
sophomore issuc with charges
uuaiir-I tln- comments which up-
pt-artd under our picture in that
tuotuuucntal publicatit’m. We‘d like
to takc this opportunity to empha-
siZc that lllf‘ ('(iitllllll--—ill fact. the
Wllilll‘ page V was under complclc
sophomore dirccliou. We had no
jurisdiction. The opinions expres-
btctl Wl'l'l‘ Il()i ()iil'h’.

There is dcfiuitciy a scutimcul
cropping up here and illi‘l't‘ among
illi‘ student body tor lhc abolition
of llllh'i‘llt'tll.

()ur stand is that We should coll-
iiuut- in. at present, satisfied that
we at least have some, diamond
rcprcst-utation. and hopeful for the
betterment of what we have. Only
when it bccomm obvious that no
effort for such In-tlcrmt-ut is prcva—
lent among those in churttc of lllt'
sport will We favor baseball‘s aboli-
tion.

littsciutil'a opponents chut'gc u
gcucrui luck of intci'cst among lhc
students. it is to ottr tniud iltcoll—
ccivnblc that truth a group of l‘loo
collcuc students illt‘l‘t' should not
be at lcusl, u couple of huudrcd
genuinely iulcrcstcd in baseball
a couple of htutdt'cd Paper and will—
ing to attcud iltlllic thuncs it they
know witch and \vin-rc such gumcs
will be played. if student intcrcsl
Wt't'c ubsoiutciy dcttd, We. too. would
full t'cudiiy itt line with thc uholi-
lionists; but we bclicvc that it's
tuorc u i'ilhl' of dornutnt ittlct'cst
that can bc arouscd with it hit ol
the right. kind of publicity,

ltcmctuber. baseball is Slate's
number two sport Abolish baseball
llllti there's not much of a case left
for crons country anti by that
time, State's athletic program Will

be gctting to look mighty slender.

 

C. P. LOWRY
Watclunakcr and
Jeweler

171 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

Baseballers Begin Practical
For Eight Game Card;
Ministers Strong

 

State's nine opens its season next
Saturday afternoon at 3:00 o‘clock
when they meet the formidable
Hartwick aggregation at Oneontn.
State's squad will meet the Minis-
ters with a maximum of one and
one half weeks of practice. Prac-
tice began Wednesday afternoon on
chverwyck field and is scheduled for
‘cvcry day next week.

llarlwick's Eighth

Although this will be the first
came for State. it will be the eighth
game of the season for Hartwick.
The liartwick lllllt' lei-s an early
start on the Ft‘ﬂSOll by taking;
southern trip curly in April. On
this trip they play three colleges
in Maryland and Virginia. thus gel-
ling in condition for the main part
of their schedule.

The i-itu'twit-k :quad is essentially
the Hlillt' as that which brat us
twicc last year. The star of the
team is Johnny “Fats” Terry. one
of the best collegiate backstoppers
lu illl‘ crud 'i‘ct'ry comes from;
St'itt‘lu‘t'lutiy anti has. caught for Hint
(lcncral l'flcctric it‘lllll there, Her
1:; bt-iuu scouted by
ludmus and may go with illt‘lll next
"i‘ill‘.

 

 

 

()pprsing llurlt-rs

’i‘iu-ir slur llil('llt‘l' is “Doc” lioi-l
It-y who turned up a high class rec-i
u'd lost your and looks even bcl-i
'tvr this year 'f‘iu'y also llll\'l' two}
tlitcr pilchcrs Civni'. and (‘cuv-ylty.
who worked his‘ year and Hill 1.1ttv.
a promising l'rcsiunun huricr. who
may llt‘ ublc l ~ work or may not ric—
ocudinu on tho :hupc of ills l'llt‘t’

 

Wilit‘ll Ito \\'l'(‘ll(‘ll(‘(l in a basketball
name. i

in spite of limit |)(l\\'l‘l'll()llht' bul~
tiuu order which was so t‘l'l‘ct-livc

last ,\cut'. hitting powcr is the chief
worry of lhc Hurlwick squad.
cvcr. comparing our ncar zcro,
batting average of last year it seems
as though their worry will not be
very serious when \ve invade tltclt‘
pastures next Saturday.

State's (‘hanccs

In fact we cannot do any more.
titan predict a defeat in this first
game. much illi we would like to do
othcrwisc. 'l‘lll‘ squad. it is true.
will be composed mostly of veterans.
but it takes vctcraut. as well as noo—
phytcs more illtlll a week and :1‘
half to got back into shape. It Will
be illt‘ case of a very inexperienced
team coming up against a team that
has already hit the middle of its
*»t‘ll(‘(lill(‘.

Among the mcu out for thc tcnm‘
ul‘c: Bill Hrophy. Toad Fairbanks}
iarry Bttiou. Dar Van Kcurcu. Johny
Sitcat'cl', Wail Daniiwicz. Bob Wes-
scimuu. Bob Walters. Vince Gil—i
lcu. Tom Bricrton. Lcs Graves, Van.
Ellis. Bill Browcr. Bob Lt'tllllll'fi.‘
Fld Casicr, Frank Vcro. Jim Port-j
icy, ~’uui Mt‘l'l'lii. and Li‘h Gcrdls.

Bill Scwcli. the new nuumgcr
clct'lcti to replace Lou Greenspan
who rcslgucd, is bring hcipcd by
Walt Grzywucr. and Frank Simouiu
who are trying ottt for usslstuutt
manager jobs. I

i
l

Annual WAA Elections
ln Draper Next Week
Muruc Baird. '40. president of
WAA. has announced that the nu-
uttul WAA elections will be conduct-i
(‘tl Monday and ’I‘tn-sduy.
tug will take |Jlll('(‘ in front of thc
WAA bulletin board.

Anyout- is cligibic to vote who is}

:m t1('ii\'c mctubcr of tho associa-
tion. A girl is cousldcrcd nclive if
.\llt' has participated in at least one
sport during. the year. The list.

,of candidates muy be found on tith

‘WAA bulletin board.

Diamond Season to Open
With Hattwicit Next Week

6

 

Baseball Schedule
April
Sat. 27—Hartwick

May
Wed. 1—Hamiiton
Sat. 4—Hartwick

(home)
Wed.8—Drew (home)
Sat. 11—Hamiiton

(home)

Sat. 18—Pratt
Fri. 24—Pratt (home)
Sat. 25—RPI

 

 

. imc this year that

i ‘.'i

‘ l
I,Im,._ ,yia in u
. wcr

l
ill‘f‘

'l‘hc vot- i

l
l

 

i

 

State Chessmen
To Engage Army

Tomorrow morning Slate's highly
rated chess team journeys to West;
Point to meet the Army chess squad.
This will be the second meeting be-
tween the two teams. Last year the
Soldiers beat. the State chessmen
by a score of B‘s-2'2.

State's chess sqltutl increased its

the Citivplnnrl“ wiring of intercollegiate wins to six

'usl weekend by defeating the Col-
;ulc lcaiu. 5-0, This is the third

won a llitlit'll by u pct'l'cct score.
While on the t‘olitalt- trip the
'iicsslucn also played the Cazcuo—
.ia city chess tt-am 'l‘lu-y dcft‘utcd
his squad by a :a-orc of 4-1. This
.vas .\Wt't‘i l't“.'t'llt.’(‘ lor the State
:ucu .siucc Cuzvuovut bt-at them by
i one point murgiu last year.
The team had no real difficulty

Art Fox was the only than to
'osc a pump in either match. Hc
ost to Dr. Hugo Brand of Ctr/.cuo—
gumc which lasted wcli
four hours. John Hoose turn—
ed in illc most brilliant performance

jof any of the members of the squad
jby handily boating both of his 0p~

])()lll‘lli.S.
The box scores of the two matches
; follows:

Stale (‘olgntc
Fox 1 Coffin 0
Shaw 1 Keith 0
llt‘tut‘ 1 Packard 0
(lillnu 1 Brandt (l
Kralz 1 Clcvciaud 0
Tot ztls 5 0
State (‘uacnovia
Fox 0 ilruud l
3 Shaw 1 (il‘lll’t‘H 0
l‘lOOHO 1 Part l'iduc ()
Gillan 1 Abbuhl 0
Kralr. l O‘Brien 0
Totals ‘1 l

 

John’s Lunch

xi n n ounces

A New Home-Made

Ice Cream

Fresh daily. Special ﬂavors
and colors for all occa-
sions. We will arrange
quantity prices for frater-
nity, sorority, and group
house parties and other

events.
lv'rt't' /)r'ffl'r'l’_\‘ Scrttitfc

TELEPHONE: 5-9179

 

Softball League
Will Start Soon

Seven Teams Enter Circuit;
Council Finishes Plans
For Tournaments

 

 

Close on the heels of big-league
baseball's opening day. Hal Duffey

ennial intramural softball tourna-
ment. According to Duffey, the
league will be composed of these
seven teams: Potter club, KDR,
College house, SLS, KB, Ramblers.
and a combination of Avalon, Bru-
bacher, and Robin halls.
Diamond on Campus

Permission has been secured to
play all games on the campus in
front of Page hall. However. the
use of the diamond will be divided
on a fifty-fifty basis with the wo-

 

tcompit-mcui of
‘(ioublt's ping-pong tournament will.

the squad has.

it winning cithcr cf the two nuttcli-‘

 

 

“What’s New We Show"

HICKOK ACCESSORIES

NAPP

ﬂutters

i
i
E
j ADAM llA’l‘S
, 221 Central Ave.

i

BO’l‘ANY TIES
M ttN ’ s
S H o l’

STETSON HATS
117 80. Pearl St.

iluberdashers

 

men of the college who have also
formed a league. A system of paid
umpires will be employed. The
captains of the various teams
should send a list of their players
to Hal Duffey. Any independent
players should see Duffey so that,
they can be assigned to teams.
The rules of play and the tentative
schedule will soon be posted on the
MAA bulletin board. League play
will get. under way as soon as the
ground is sufficiently dry.
Varied Program
Tho a- who don‘t care for
bull wil. not. be forgotten in the
sprint program its there is a fill!
other sports. A

soft-

.soon get under way. Also. there
will be a league for the, barnyard
golfers thorscshoc pitchers).

The followers of the. little white
ball will also have their fun in a
coil tournaman Would-be golfers
should sign up on the list on the
MAA bulletin board as soon as
possible. Mniclu's will be played
on the Municipal golf links. Intra-
mural council has agreed to pay

for the semi-final and final rounds. later.

   
  
  
  
  
 

Delicious and

) \ Kciitcsiiiup’ I, 1‘

has announced plans for the per--

 

 

l

 

  

 

Touché!

 

 

 

3.C.

Bustles of Spring

Spring sports were forced to slog
through early them and some show
during the beginning of this week.
and a few were completely halted
temporarily. However, mud and
snow can't; affect swimming very
mttch. We’ve been splashing around
at. Public Bath No. 3 for three nights
this week. The tennis racket is
making a lot of noise down in the
gym, awaiting the opening of the
courts. Softball is being bunted
around all over the lob—it; started
out on the "campus" in front of
Page, but has since been removed
to the Dorm field.

To paraphrase — “when spring
comes. can Camp Johnston be far
behind?" Apparently not. for an-
other grcat exodus is being plan-
ned for the weekend of April 26-27-
28. (NEXT weekend. for you people
who haven't calendars.) Special in-
ducement for the swimmers in the
crowd—a clip in the creek. if spring
floods haven't moved it; too far
afield.

 

Educational Note
WAA startled most of its banquet-
attcndcrs the other night when
during the singing of “Um-dlddily-
um-bum—bay" this line echoed
throughout. the cafeteria. “Among
other little things we find that;
Sis-Ir knows everything about the
human mind." Well, that's one

way of being immortalized!

Early Memo
ready-"it‘s just. around the
corner! But it won't stay there.
Uh-unh! Around about May 11,
MAA-WAA play day will take place,
probably at Burden Lake. More

Get,

 

Only Coca-Cola gives
you that happy after-sense
of complete refreshment.
That’s why millions enjoy
it every day. It had to be
good to get where it is. So,
get a Coca-Cola, and get
the feel of refreshment.

PAUSE THAT REFRESHES

Bottled under authority of T he Coca-Cola Co. by
ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLI NG CO.. INC.

226 No. Allen St.

Albany. N. Y.

 

Synergysue...

. big”.

<r.;mws;,r:.a~ dams: m _

 

