 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  

  

STATE COLLEGE news 5?}:

Established May, 1916
By the Clan of 1918

Friday, November 1, 1040 No. 7
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The under rndunte newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for ’ anchors published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Iiourd for the Student Association.
Telephones: Office, 5-0373; Murray, 2-0888; Clark, 4-6373
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂice.

'
Vol. XXV

IIFIIIINTID POI NATIONA‘ ADVIITIIINO IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publisher: thmmuatlu

420 MADIBON Ava. New Yonx. N. Y.
cmcaao - Bonou ' Lol AIIILII ' flail Funclleo

The News Board

 

JOHN A. MURRAY _ - EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BEATRICE A, DOWER - _ _ co-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ - _ co-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK _ - _ .. BUSINESS MANAGER
BETTY PARROTT _ _ _ .. ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY _ _ _ _ .. SPORTS EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ - .. _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ _ _ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

HARRY PASSOW _ .. _ .. _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

All communications should he addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will he withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsl Iliity
for opinions expressed in its columns’ or communion!Ions.
as such expressions do not nm-«s‘snrliy reflect its view.

 

 

R

8 P
35 S
400 E

Who Shaii Judge?

(Jim was It them to brother Pro—
(in Pro we often nicked him:
“'lmtever l'ro would claim to know—
Olil (‘on would eoIItrIulict lIiIIIi
~- Christopher Morley. The Tull":

Editorialized in the October 15 issue of The
Sicna News is a plea for decision debates. Such
debates are requested because non—decision debates
lack the flavor, the combat, and the suspense of
decision debates. Decision debates are better pre-
pared, better received, and better for you. So says
Tim Sicmz N rws.

To all of which we of State must reply—the facts
do not bear out such conclusions. Decision debates
have no place in the collegiate world, if that be an
adult world. in any debate, the emphasis should be
on the proposition, and the solution must rest

“‘somewhcrc between” the two extremes. Other-
wise the subject is both undebatable and unfair.

. Decision debates are too “one-sided” in the dual
sense of the form. They involve inordinate speak-
ing to the judges, as both justice and the audience
are forgotten in juvenile attempts to triumph. And
without casting aspcrsions on the characters of
debate judges, it is difficult to cite many instances
of squads losing decisions within their own baili-
wicks.

Debate Council is to be congratulated on its con-
tinuance of the non-decision policy, even though

 

.4, such a policy makes a desired State-Siena meeting
' I . . '. .

 :an impOSSlbiiiiy. i would suggest that the two
"~’-iCOiiCi.’,CS debate the issue of Decision vs. Dccsion-

less Debates, if only they could come to some agree—
ment ancnt the judging of such a meeting!

The Rumor is. Not Uniounded

Heard from a more than reliable source that
all outsiders would be barred from the noontimc
dancing held in the State College Commons.
Seems that there were 18 boys from Siena in-
duiging in the art of dancing one noon at State,
and it didn’t set so well with the male sex,
although the female group didn't mind in the
least. Or are any rumors unfounded.

The unusual, scntcnccicss paragraph and rhetori-
cal query printed above in “Siena bitcs????”, per-
sonal column of The Sierra N was, raises once more
the problem posed in last week’s S'I‘A'I‘It Common
Niiws editorial, “Admission by ‘lnvitation’ ”. Sicna
was not mentioned by name in that issue. Never-
theless it was an influx of Siena boys, self-styled, at
noontimc and RH men at the Campus Night danc-
ing which prompted that editorial.

Frankly, Sicna boys are not wanted at noontimc
dancing. The Commons is too small for outsiders,
and such dancing is for State students and their
“invited guests”. If “the female group didn’t mind
in the least” and the women of State are so enthusi-
astic over the boys of Sicna, why is it that the
latter stand around gaping and not dancing when
they descend en mam on our Commons?

No, the rumor is not unfounded.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEVIS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, i940

Skeleton In The Closet

PIN. LOST lN
WORCESTER , MASS.
WAS FOUND Ia YEARS
LATER AND RETURNED .
T0 lT'S OWNER,Eow.c. J.
GLENNONIWIS. '09). WHO
LIVES lN CHlCAoO!

“pa—A—

 

idiots Delight

  
 
  
      
   
   
   
    

  

DR. L.J. COOKE.
ASSlSTANT DlRECTOR
OF ATHLETICS AT
THE U. OF MINNESOTA
HAS BEEN PALS
WITH Hi5 ROOMIE
"OSCAR“

FOR 38 YEARS!

 

 

The Cliiiu

The skits on Campus Day might
be likened to the waves of the sea.
They rose and fell, going from peaks
of hilarity and good fun, to sioughs
when there was nothing but silence
and a bewildered audience. Let it not

be said, however, that a good time

was not had by all. for there were

enough puns on familiar subjects to
keep us all laughing. The seniors be-
gan it with goodnaturecl digs at the
teaching profession, and school insti-
tutions. It sort of petered out. The
Juniors, poor people, let the bars
down a bit farther than good sense
would dictate. The sophs put on a
show of individuals. Bob Walters
stole the laurels for the evening as
the redheaded rubc. And those danc-
ers! It remained to the fresh to
come forth with the prize perform-
ance of the evening. Proceeding
with a combination of Pins and
Needles, Idiot's Delight, and Nin-
otohka, they carried their little so-
tire through to a very unusual con-
clusion.

For its first plays Advanced Dra-
matics took us down in a submerged
submarine and left us there at the
bedside of a bored business man who
had decided to stay in bed for a
week. Tom Augustine, in attempting
to transmit the gripping fear of
death for under the sea. did not
quite reach his goal. although his

 

set was quite realistic. The actors
began at too high a plane and con-
sequently could not carry the emo-
tion of the play to the heights it
should have reached.

The program last Tuesday night
was not as good as the first one.
for various reasons. Two comedies
can be entertaining, if their humor
is sustained. Harry Jordan's play
about Helen of Troy was clever
enough, but it could have been im-
proved by a more careful delineation
of characters. The old man didn't
quite ring true, and neither did the
crowd. Lauretta Servatius made a
gracious Helen, and Don Vanas a
romantic Paris, after he got over
the incongruity of his costume. In-
cidentally, a negress of that day
would not have worn a bandannai

Bob Agne wrote a play, directed
it, and acted in it. Very praise-
worthy, indeed. had it been a good
play. But it wasn't. It was long. un-
wicldy and, at points, ridiculous. The
theme of sanity and insanity was
obscure and needed working over.
Individuals, however, deserve credit
for their performances. Frank Cas—
sidy made a competent clairvoyant
in his white turban. Little Bob
White kept clamoring for snow to
everyone’s delight. He should have
had a. bigger part.

 

Life's Great Moment

Reprinted irom "The Normal Leader"
Fredonia Normal College

The current issue of Life con-
tains a neat example of the intellec-
tual dishonesty and commercial-

mindcdness that grips the press of

this country.
Editor Henry R. Luce of Life

gives a prominent place in his maga-
zinc to his editorial. “This Great
Moment"—an editorial on the presi-
dential election. The editorial gen-
eralizes beautifully for considerable
distance until the writer realizes

that he has not said the only thing

he actually wants to say. So he in-
corporates thc word “efficiency” into
his thesis, glamorizns it. and says,
“Everything else boils down to just
one word: Efficiency. And it is per-
haps by the word Efficiency that the
man or woman who lives American
can best make his decision at this
moment in history . . . I give you
this word as the password or secret
Weapon by which this Republic will
either find or lose salvation."

The obvious implication of the

word. “Efficiency” is that Wendell
Willktc. business-man do luxe, Is the
epitome of the Word. as opposed to
idealistic Franklin Roosevelt. To
carry the implication further than
Mr. Luce would like. Mr. Roosevelt

 

has battled on the philosophy that
human beings are more important
than efficiency—a direct contrast
to Mr. Wilikic's record.

Mr. Lucc lacked the guts to say
flatly what the past issues of Life
have made obvious—that Willktc is
his choice. Nor does he give the
very good reason why Life wants
Willktc—because Lilo must enter to
its “big-business" advertisers who
are making the magazine a very
profitable enterprise.

Buried on page 102 of the same
issue of Life, and sharing the read-

ers attention with a "before and af-
ter" advertisement for corsets. is a
dynamic and honest article by
Fiorello LaGuardln in which he says
bluntly that Roosevelt is the only
man for “this most difficult job in

the world."
We can understand that as a pro-

fit-making publication, Life must
protect Its heavy investments. But
we resent the deceitful. dishonest and
unfair methods it has seen fit to use.
Unfortunately, Lilo is no worse in
this regard than the overwhelming
{halority of publications of the coun-
ry.

 

Changes-«Fain and Felt

The Contaminant——

Bull sessions are wonderful things—two or more
people of either sex get together and start talking
about some innocent subject, and the next four or
more hours are sure to be full of ideas, phrases, curses,
prejudices, heated debate, and smooth persuasion. One
thing is certain—that the final subject will have
absolutely no relation to the original topic. For ex-
ample, the original subject may concern the advan-
tages of two five-cent cigars OVer one ten-cent one,
and end with any topic from sex to religion. educa-
tion to communism, tolerance to politics.

So it was last week, when three of us started talking
about the relative merits of Willkie's smile as com-
pared to Roosevelt’s, wandered to the sophomore
performance in assembly, and after seven or eight
more dctours arrived at the subject of courses in State
College, and eventually resolved our arguments into
a heated discussion about one specific course—Hygiene.

Hygiene as taught in State College consists of a
number of highly specialized topics which many of us
are naive enough to call “capable of being pre-med
stuff” and some generalizations which concern them-
selves malnly with personal hygiene. The idea ad-
vanced was that the administration would do well to
revise such a course to meet the needs of State Col-
lege, an institution devoted primarily to the training
of teachers for the State of New York.

Certainly the absence of practical as-
First Aid pccts related directly to class room teach-
009*?” ing and the hygiene involved is noticeable.
Mimng A specialized study Concerning itself with
the structure and diseases of the eye or the car have
little value in a classroom should a child faint. A
study of foods rich in certain vitamins and diseases
caused by a deficiency of a certain vitamin is knowl-
edge—but knowledge which cannot be applied is
valueless. Few teachers would have derived enough
practical information from the present hygiene
course to do anything should an accident occur in
the classroom other than rush the child to the health
room or a hospital while the child may be painfully
suffering from lack of immediate first aid—first aid
that should have been applied, but was not because
the teacher had never been taught the fundamentals
of practical first aid.

The consensus of opinion agreed on a need for a re-
vision of the present course in hygiene. The revision
would be simple—it would merely involve emphasis on
the practical aspects of hygiene as related to the
teacher. personally and professionally. First aid as
applied to classroom situations would be the all-im-
portant purpose of our course in hygiene. Although
most other courses are taught with the premise that
the student is to be a teacher and emphasis is con-
tinually concerned with classroom procedures. hygiene
is one of the few courses which has remained theory
and pcdagogically impractical.

O I I I O

 

It is difficult to believe that a short seven
days ago. the now business-like publica—
tions office was the smoke-filled, filth-
strewn, crowded. close. foul-odorod Activi-
ties Office-—the haven for refugees from Gideon
Hawioy’s upper hall. But it is encouraging to find
that this same group who had “infected” the Activi-
ties Office to such an extent that it was necessary
to purge, fumigate, and dcodorize the room even to
the point of changing its name, have seen fit to
cooperate to the fullest extent and have refrained from
nesting on the benches, chairs, railings. and tables of
the neatly kept Publications office—chivalry is not
dead! True, there are still a few offenders but with
the vigilant Publications' Office Committee on its toes,
these "criminals" are slowly joining the numerous
students who have seen fit to cooperate with the new
administration.

The Wee—Hy Bulletin

I'ltchS iIlIItIGAU nluuml outing. Members are
i'l'essl iiurenu will lake ili\'iil‘li to the annual Moon-
('ll'i"l‘ of any publicity for oerehor eoneorl tomorrow
offices and honors (other night ill tlermnnln lluli in
limo lleuu's list, graduation, ’l‘roy,
lilillllillilllt'lliN to touching
positions, which are. routine President
duties of the bureau), pro~ I I.
viliiug llIe student desiring “H'I’H' (“LENDAH
such publicity pays [no .\'ov.l ll‘reshluon chorus

Succss
Claimed
For Purge

George KIIIIZ.

postage. rehearsal. Lounge, .‘i :1“) i', M.

l1 reshmun and sophomores Nov. I Senior liop liuil-
interested In trying out for room of iitlil'i 'l‘eu ' lilyek
the bureau may still do so 10:00 P. .\l. I
by contacting liuperlu Silu- Nov. “.5 Hockey l‘oufol'-

pious. There will be a short; once, Ivlmmo l - ."
business meeting of all Press 'l‘roy, 10:00 .iniiiim N hm”.
llureuu members on Mon- N o v, 1: Nororilv i" 11 ii
day in room 100 at 12:00 it‘ormnls. Sororilvdlolmos
norm. liztltl P. hi. lo liilii A. M. l
. Students who have not Nov. lillli‘renluuun ltlloe»
filled out i'l'l'NH linreuu lions, (‘ommous 'liuh'ony
form curds should do no 0:00 A. M. to Ilzilll l', .\i. '
immediately. Nov. -l lilieellou of Senior
Ifuperlu Hlmmouu, Director. f'luHs l'I‘lil‘t‘Nt'llilliin' to it‘l.
i‘i’l‘A'l‘ltlli.in“?q l'iwilti- quu'e liolIrd, (.‘ommous bul-

I”) is copy. “:00 . w
The HilliIiHllillll board lill~ i'. .\f. A M m Hm
nouoeos lll' election of Nov. 4i Business moi-l l '
linvld Koller. ‘vIl, lo the of Press iIureau iill‘llliitltl’l:
board as photography elli- lloom Hill. 12:00 noon. '
for, Allan Woolloll. 'vi‘J, uu- Nov. iirl-hillilillliln llllfi lto~
ulsluul advertising munugor. likiou f‘ouuulsuion Iueellug
(,onlrliuitions are now be— final lulk bv liov. Wellesv
lug m-epplell for the. second Lounge; il:.'lfi P. hi ’
inuuo oI lho Hillif‘NIllllli. Nov. 5 Advanced Drama-
lilunelm lflrnolioublulu, lit'H. i’ugo iiuii Auditorium
1 l‘lIiitor. sun r. M. '
Hl'lNitiit (lLAHH l‘lMllfl- Nov. 5 -l"orum of Politics
H 'l'lfiNr l'olitieul it u l i v. i'lloeliou
the Senior (floss will Watch l’urlv i'ligo (lvmna-
ll‘:l'l‘i lo ,T‘I‘Iomper to Finance alum, 0:30 i’.‘ M. ‘
Uili‘t, . entity. to I'Iilillt'li Nov. 0 rtio -
llnlpb fliurk. idiot-lionsx will Meeting, ltooliimilltil,l 

hp |t'(lli’lill,i(t".itlllli l‘fI'I-om 0:00 A. noon.
. . o v : ._ . on tho lilii' Nov. 0 ~“ . i -' -
may of the (lollllnonn. ferenl (llub‘l’iiiiilllM niih'iiiiiii)iiil
Itoy lilo (lreury, Freshman u d J u n i. In a H t
President. Lounge, link) 1'. iii.
(iIGItMAN (lilllit Nov. 7 ~lloeltlo-l)oiuilo bo‘
flerIInIn Club will meet. (Wood the Juniors and tho

 

 

Wednesday noon in lloom 2ft tiillilfiilifil' ' it
to formulate plans for tho 'i‘iIeIIlrc, ii‘ifin lifuiffi MW

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, I940

PAGE 3

 

 

Moioney’s
Baioney

 

J.R.M.

CAREFULLYPRESERVED

three-year record hung in bal-
ance when the 1940 edition of the
barrier ﬂeet invaded Canton Ag.
School at Canton last week in the
season's terminal trot.

Beginning in 1937. the locals had
chalked up a spotless record of ten
consecutive defeats prior to Satur-
day's run in the north country. The
Canton meet was a crucial con-
test. It was at first feared that the
chillicr climate of the upstate county
might impel the boys to quicken
their pace to an extent that would
prove fatal to our jealously guarded
record.

The crafty Purple and Gold outfit.
however, solved the problem of keep-
ing warm not by hastening, but by
trotting in close formation well be-
hind their rivals. who served to
break the frigid drafts that might
have spelled doom to our standing
of the past. three years. Not only
did the team manage to lose against
such tremendous odds. but they
capped the season with a perfect
loss. Not one State runner was un-
fortunate enough to finish among
the first five.

Our fears of a victory in this last
encounter were unfounded. The
record stands intact. All of which
strengthens our suggestion of‘ last
week that cross country be substi-
tuted by some other fall sport, pre-
ferany soccer.

Word comes to us that one member
of the team. after noting our com-
ments of that issue, proposed that
“Yours Truly" should go out for
cross country himself since he had
been so generous in dishing out criti-
cism. In our mind, that's something
like challenging John Kicran to
pitch for the St. Louis Browns merely
because he didn't list them in first
place in the final standings.

Moreover we're not interested in
offering constructive criticism in this
case because we don't like cross
country from an objective stand—
point, and feel that most non—par—
ticipating students share our senti-
ments. This is not a pure act of pan-
ning a losing team. The boys have
been striving hard to win every
meet. But if we must have a losing
team, why can’t we have one in a
sport like soccer. where spectator
appeal is many times greater?

To go a step further, it is our
belief that if soccer were initiated
at State, the increased interest
would in time produce a winning
outfit. This we base upon two rea—
sons. First, the requirements of a.
good soccer player are less exacting
than those of a top notch cross
country man, thus making more ma-
terial available. Secondly, If soccer
should make a. hit, them would auto-
matically be created a demand for
coaching of the team. The lack of
these two elements, material and
coaching, has been responsible for
the tragic. record of cross country
in the past. three years.

To MAA Council we throw out a
proposal which we feel has the buck-
ing of a great majority of the student
body: that. steps be taken to abolish
cross country effective next fall; that
financial adjustments be made to
substitute a soccer team to Inch
other nearby collch outfits. In any
event, Council should take. some ser-
ious action to determine satisfactory
means of repairing what is obviously
a flaw in our sports program.

Incidentally, this department. has
I'ccciVod no written response to our
plans of post issues for cmnmunlca—
tions representing student opinion.
Comments concerning the bettering
of our full sports program are es—
pociully appropriate for this time.
We only ask that all cmmnunico—

 

 

State Trackmen

the current season last Saturday
but failed to “spring the works”
when Canton fed them the dust, 15-
40

the poorly-trained Teachers for they
were stacked up against one of the
best teams in this territory. Can-
ton's assets were: careful and ex-
tensch training. a coach who ran
with his outfit, a doctor present at
all times. and a cinder track with-
out any hills.

2’". Mile Course

is two and three-quarter miles long.
The time of 14:24 negotiated by Joe

"darn good." Those who finished in

Golden, Marrolti. and anski. of
Canton. who took the first five posi-

und Portley.

LoseTo Canton
As Season Ends.

Opponents Place First Five Men
in Defeating State, 15-40:
Opponents Well Drilled

State’s barrier squad wound up

 

 

However the odds were against

Canton's cinder and dirt course

Leonard of Canton, was classified as

the money wore: Leonard. Clark,

Lions. respectively. The statesmen
bringing in the forty—tally were:
AgiIcllo, Marshall. Hansen. Miller

Manager Bob Cooke gave us his
personal impression:
“This year's Canton team is bid-
ding for a possible national run. Mr.
Dana, the coach. is fairly sure that
his team may bring home the ba-
con. Aftcr seeing them run, I don't
doubt it a bit."
Female Angle

Despite the loss, State‘s glory was
upheld by virtue of a humorous
quarter—mile race between seven
Canton lads and one State mun lthc
manager]. While waiting for the
cross-country team to traverse the
course the informal race was started
by for l'or'h a “beautiful St. Lawr-
ence (to-ed."

 

WAA Tidbits

Attention all you vivacious fe-
males whose athletic activity has
been somewhat curtailed by the
"Doc's" reporting that your
blood-pumper murmurs or doesn’t
tick in the correct rhythm . . .
dispel discouragement because
you feel unable to participate in
active sports. Counsel's latest
brain child . . . a craft club will
be an answer to your plight. All
you other members seized by the
urge to tinker in your spare time.
. . . keep eyes alert for more de-
tailed notices about the C. C.
Any helpful hints on how to make
something out of nothing will be
welcome.

Prepare yourself, A. Alers, for
a Fall banquet with a punch.
Tuesday. November 19 at 5:30
o'clock in the cafeteria. The new-
ly formed movie company of
Beers and Johnston promise in-
teresting entertainment in the
form of developed celluloid cle-
picting the antics of the outdoor
girls at Fresh camp, Indian Lad-
der. Camp Johnston, on the
hockey field and at archery prac-
tice  Flash . mayhap a
double feature if Doctor Douglas
also previews her rare shots of
life at Fresh camp . . . Mark the
(late . . . Nov. 19! l l

Brief bits . . . Saddle sitting's
proceeding with increased popu-
larity as Body, boots and britchcs
swing into action every Saturday.
. . . Splashing sinking . . . swim—
ming. gains in popularity by los—
ing . . . weight. Art of soaking
shins proceeds at a steady pace
in front of Page Hall Monday,
Wednesday and Friday .. .
Shooting the bull 1‘s eye) is fast
becoming an easy accomplish-
ment for members of the Robin-
hood ‘an every Tuesday, Thurs-
day ano Friday . . . "Birdie Bat-
ters“ «badminton players to you)

will soon end their outdoor

508.5011.

 

Bully! Sticks! Offsidesi These and
many other similar cries will echo
over the campus of Emma Willard
School in Troy as another Hockey
Conference gets under way tomor-
row. WAA is sending a strong eleven
to match sticks with teams from
Russell Sage, Skidmore and Ithaca
colleges.

Officially called an Umpirlng
Conference, it is sponsored by the
Mohawk Field Hockey Club and gives
promise of affording ample oppor-
tunity to the girls to pick up many
pointers about the feminine art of
playing field hockey. During the
day, the games will be umpired by
twenty-five embryo umpires who
will be striving to pass their tests.

Each team will play the other, and
from the girls participating, the of-
ficials will pick an honor team. An
outstanding event of the afternoon
will be a demonstration game be—
tween the honor team and the Mo-
hawks (a prominent women's ama-
teur Lenin). Two years ago the
Mohawks suffered a surprising dc-
feat at the hands of a similar honor
team. Incidently, our own Hitchie,
of the athletic department, is a
member of this team and is also
chairman of the Conference.

IntramurslBasketball
Starts Next Thursday

The schedule for the intramural
basketball league has already been
completed and it will begin to func—
tion next Thursday. This early start
is due to the fact that each team
will play every other squad two
games instead of the usual one.

 

 

Tuesday and Thursday, and every
other Monday. Since there will be
icight teams, EEP, KDR, SLS, KB,
lRamblers, College House. Frosh, and
Grads, in the league. the schedule is

The games will be played on every;

 

 

Leaving the team upon graduation
are captain Gene Agncllo and Jim
Snorer. These LWO lettcrmen have
carried the purple anti gold colors
since they came here in their fresh-
man your.

Varsity, Frosh
TrahLiioT RPi

Both the varsity and freshman
basketball teams are rapidly being
rounded into shape for the season
which reopens Saturday. December '7.
On that memorable date, State as—
saults the Engineers.

Coach Hatfield has started scrim-

cncountcr with RPI. The squad has
already been pruned to a slight. do—

during the first part of next week.
This cut will give Coach Hatfield a
small enough squad with which to
work.

On the whole, the chances for this
season seem pretty good. The four
varsity lettermen from last your pro—
vide a dependable nucleus. Nearly all
of last year's freshman team are

gong showed they could really play
year's Freshman schedule.

The Frcshmcn's prospects are not

yet. shown much. With good hard
work, however. the, end of the season

on the schedule: The boys just don’t
have enough experience yet.

mages in preparation for this

gree and the main cut is expected

trying out for varsity berths. This

ball during the latter part of last

as bright. In their workouts under
Wult Danilwicz. they have not as

may show results. but not much hope
can be held out for the cariy‘ games

 

()'l"i‘() If. MENDE
“The College lcwdcr"

103 Central Ave. Albany. N. Y.

 

Lions be signed; names will be with—
held upon request.

 

 

EMIL J. NAGENGAS’I‘
YOUR COLLEGE FLORIST

Comer Ontario at. Benson St.

 

MADISON
SHOE REBUILDERS
807 Madison Avenue
You Pick Up Your Phone
We Pick Up Your Shoes
8-2239 8-2280

 

Tennis Championship

Won By Bernhardti

 

The past week saw the completion

.of the tennis tournament with

Bernie Bernhardt, a freshman. win-
ning the championship. The tourney
this year proved to be the most, suc-
cessful in its history.

It marked the first time that
a tennis tournament has been com-
pleted in the fall. But more import-
ant, it showed that the class of '44
has a wealth of tennis material. The
other finalist besides Bernhardt was
Levin, also a freshman. Another par-
ticipant who showed great promise
was Clarence Orr, who \vas defeated
by Bernhardt in the semi—finals.

This week also saw the beginning
of another tournament. that of ping—
pong. A very large number of par-
ticipants have signed up among
which are many top-notch players.
Therefore, plenty of competition can
be expected by all.

Consequently, anyone who in the
near future wishes to indulge in a
game of ping-pong should not be
surprised if ten games are before
him.

7;§";'v"'vv'vvvvvvvvvvvv#'v::'"
’ i
’ i
’ NM
,New 1
i
D
i
f
4
f

Transilone:

COMPACT RADIOS OF 1
. QUALITY ‘

Model PT-25 only 1

. $9.95 1
Hill Appliance Shop

i

i

l

E 112 Central Ave. 1
; Phone 4-4169 Albany, N.Y.:
i

 

 

 

the latter part of March.

lit-iii'inus anti

 

 

 

State Girls to Wield Sticks
‘ At Hockey Meet Tomorrow

 

The team which will represent

State tomorrow is as follows:

The girls plan to .wear the snap-

PY. new blue fresh uniforms.
ﬂight wing
[tight inner
Center Madeline llunt
Left Inner
Left wing Dorothy Townsend
ﬂight IIulfiIuck
('enter lmlfbiwk June Greemnun
Left lmlfbuck
night fuilimck
Left I'lIIlwak
(ionilo Virginia. l’oliIomul
Substitutes

Juno llauchuiter
Louisa CiIupInIIn

lice l'euk

Leda Lit Sullo
Mary Full-child
Win Jones
lfuy Bovine

Kit llenlmun

Ritu Duly
Another feature of the day, bound

to prove of great interest, is a movie
of hockey technique which will be
presented for the girls. The ever-
necessary lunch will be served to
the girls in the school cafeteria.

Besides the college groups, there

will be teams representing Albany
Academy, Emma Willard. Milne and
Delmar High Schools.

In a practice game Saturday, the

Frosh girls gave the upperclassmen
a trouncing to the tune of 4-2 to off.
set the 3—3 tie of the week before.
The upperclassmen had the edge for

the first three quarters. but the

Frosh flashed to victory in a con-
certed drive in the last quarter

when their team finally started

clicking.

Songieader Elections

Scheduled by Council

Madalyn Beers, president of WAA,
has announced that there will be a.
rc~election for songleadcr sometime

before Thanksgiving. Mary Susan

Wing was named to this office in
the spring elections. but at the same
time she was also made a Junior
class member of WAA Council, and
she chose the latttr office.

Jeanne Schmactcnberg and Dottie
Brooks, juniors, will therefore be re-
nominatcd for the office. The elec-

‘tions will be delayed until such time

not expected to be completed before ' as WAA officers can make up a list
of those eligible to vote.

    
   
 

 

“Delicious and refresh-
ing,"——ice-cold Coca-Cola

- never loses the freshness

of appeal that ﬁrst charmed
you. Its clean taste is ex-
hilarating and a refreshed
feeling follows. Thirst
asks nothing more.

PAUSE TIIAT REFRESHES

Bottled under authorin of The Coca-Cola Co. by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING
226 N. ALLEN s'rnaar

CO.
ALBANY. N. v.

 

 

w wn*>.'..:.§ a. ‘. 3,._

