 

 

   

 
 
 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 0, I940

 

 

    
 

es STATE COLLEGE NEWS til:
r. Established May, 1916
By the Class of 191B
Vol. XXV Friday, November 8, 1040 No. 8
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The under raduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for ’leacilers published every Friday of tile college
year by tile NEWS Board for the Student Association.

Telephones: Office. 5-9373; Murray, 2-0888; Clark, 4-0373
, Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postottice.
IIFIIIINVIO Vol NAVIONAL ADVIIVIIINO .1
National Advertising Service. Inc.

College P.5an Representative
420 Harrison Ave, New You. N. Y.

, CHIEMG ' IOI'II ' l-Dl ADOILII ' Ill Ell-II“.

 

 

Group Menace

The Commenisutep————
This is the first in a series of two
concerning the fraternity and so-
9 College. A contrary viewpoint
r 15 issue of the News.
ties in this school are vicious
hemselves on insincerlty and
ise of filling a social gap,
pulous fingers in every pie in
time they justified their existence,
lves from the campus.

ome, the fraternities will hold their
idding sessions. One by one they
of freshmen, and one by one
ly air their petty prejudices
eshmen to the rest of the group. One
reshman dances. Another
sh because his looks do not appeal.
t unanimously “thumbs down" on
uts enough to express his view-

 

“Commentstaters”

  
   
     
   

 
 

Fraternities and sorori
groups that perpetuate t
black-balling. Under th
they have their un
State College. It is
else remove themse
In the week to c
infamous secret b
will bring up the names
the bidders will

L .‘leN COLLEGE
FOR

 

  
  
 
   
 
 

like the way a 1?
will blackball a fro
They will be almos
the freshman with g
prettier and the
are his chances to crash into this select
lackbaliers and backbiters.

ime of year, they “rush” around
school making themselves publicly dis-
gusting. The men hcap lnslncerity upon
to obtain pledges. In one group

 

insincerity in the efforts

 

The News Board
JOHN A. MURRAY .. _ _ _ lDiTOR-IN-CHIEF
BEATRICE A. DOWER _ _ _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUEAK _ _ _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK _ - _ _ BUSINESS rumour
BETTY PARROTT _ _ _ _ ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY _ ._ _ .. _ SPORT! EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ _ _ . ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ _ a _ ASSOCIATE EDITOII
HARRY Passow _ - _ _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
can»:

house on the campus,
freshmen like a haw

 

All communications should he addressed to the editor and
he signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The S’l‘ATl‘ COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed ill its columns‘ or communications.

"Ith

as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

up in the morning,

  

 

Restatement of Policy

I dimpprove of what you any, but will de-
form lo the death your Them. to truly It.
vr— Voltaire to Hcluetius

 

 

Naturally, the STATE Counter: NEWS assumes a
certain measure of responsibility for every item
published in its columns. 'It assumes full responsi-
bility for all news stories and editorials which it
publishes. However, in regard to special articles,
columns and communications, this newspaper as-
sumes no responsibility for ideas and opinions

expressed therein.

Editorials are expressions solely of the Editor-in-
_Chief acting as Executive Ofﬁcer for the NEWS
Board. They may be interpreted as representing

the STATE COLLEGE News.

"The Commentstatcr" is given the widest lati-
tude as author of his column, though his viewpoints
do not necessarily reflect those of the STATE COLLEGE
NEWS. Authorship of this column is not restricted
to members of the News Board and staff, and
changes with each issue. Similarly, viewpoints
expressed in “h’laloney’s Baioncy”, “The Critic",

and in special articles are opinions of the writers.

All communications should be signed and ad-
dressed to the Editor. Names will be withheld
upon request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes
no responsibility for views expressed in communi-
cations, but will act as “liason officer" between all
parties involved. Anonymous communications will
be published only if the writer’s identity is irrelevant
to its content. The Editor reserves the right to

publish, reject, and/or edit all communications.

Deciphering the Cipher

R

8 P

35 S
400E

Did you recognize the above cryptogram which
appeared underneath the masthead in last week’s
NEWS as this newspaper’s prediction of the out-
come of Tuesday’s election? if you did, try check-

ing your explanation with the following:

The letter R indicated a Roosevelt triumph
in the election for RI’I'IS, which unscramblcd
are thr- i'lrst four letters in the word president.
8P represents a plurality of 8,000,000———a
figure also predicted in interpreting the straw
vote conducted during October by this news-
paper. Deciphered 358 and 400 it: mean a
total of 400 electoral votes llnumlssed in 35
states. The tWo horiznntaliy parallel lines
above and below are symbolic of a victory
for the choice of the Railway iirotherinmds-vv—
James Mead, United States Senator. Read-
ing the numbers upward, his plurality is stated
as 400,358.

So said the STATE COLLEGE N luvs. So said the

slate and nation—“almost.

    

  

to curdle the spect
Once however, they have pledged the freshmen, they
in to their kind. They subtly
rlcnds outside the group. He
if on the back because of his
fraternity affiliations. A barrier of snobblshncss rises
between himself and his non-fraternity friends. De—
s to remain friendly with the freshmen
who join another fraternity. he drifts further and
further away from them. Soon he no longer speaks
and finally gives up saying
Despite his wishes
ice that separates

   

commence to convert hi
alienate hlln from his f
soon learns to pat himse

PRESlDENTS

DR. GEORSE M. SMl

 

 

WHILE His BRUYHE
SMITH iS mesa)
RONJOKE causes!

Seance and Slapstick

Robert Hertel and Anne Rattray

ce Miller,mood of the play suffered accord-
'ineg and slowed audience reception.
iFrank Evans did by far the best
acting with his portrayal of the un-
appreciated father whose silent love
for his dead son was a stronger link
with the other world than the over-
cxpressed devotion of the mother.
Jane Real was in character as the
aged mother. but would prob-
ropped on the first ballot
of a National Mystic Convention.

11 cast, Mr. Phipps as the Voice from the
Beyond sustained our interest and
helped build the mood of tenderness
which held the audience at the end
of the play. Miss Scovell did not
the force or intensity which
have put across her more
dramatic moments. The successful
registering of the father-son com-
radcshlp made the play worthwhile.
At this early date it is hard to set

a standard for technical excellence.
Perhaps it is being plcayune to men-

 

 

Politlcs can be fun. Vin
proved this last Tuesday night when
he promised a good time in an ex-
cellent opening speech. and pro-
ceeded to deliver the goods. With a'
combination of Kaufman. Rysklnd
and Hart composing the digs at the
old political game, the scenes from
the first act of the Pulitzer Prize;middle_
play provided State's audience with ably be d

The magnum opus was we
the diminutive Coppola fitting the

role of the vice-presidential noncn-

 

lstine gave the per-
ity and bolstered the possess

e fun and provided
clearest exposition of the satire.
Miller as slapstick.

the play fell a little short of the

 

urricd atmosphere
of a nominating convention. As en-
tertainment. it was to

Miss Keclcr's play
a of being first. Many lines
hundering under- 1 the scr

and the hectic. h

between footlights and bridge-lamp
(a traditional shortcoming of State's
stage). the broken-down chair, and
int of the ghost at the win-

 

wcre lost to the t
current of tardy First—Nigh

Senior Hop Slighted

To the Editor of the S'rll'rn Common

“unication————-———-—

ordinatcd to approaching freshman
Whether the Ni:er Board is aware lho New York Slate Art l’ro-
of the fact or not, Hertcl and his
committees had been working hard
for over a month to plan for a suc—
cessful dance. Is it asking too much
to expect the aid of the News in
helping to put Hop over? We know
“it pays to advertise." If the college
paper refuses publicity by continu-
ing to hide articles on State College
affairs, We can expect to have social
and financial flops of all our big

Until last week. I was under the
impression that the Srna
ana was the “voice” of the
rtcr of its activities.
Now I find I am sadly di

l'il'r-ll i‘lool' corridors of lira-
llaii for one day only
on November M. Mr. Joseph
liarrou, axslslaul slan- sup

program. will be Ill'l'HI'lll to

Board has shown itself as reticent to
explain the Work of Iiu- ox-

also where praise is due. or
where I feel support is due.

The last issue of the News carried
as its leading feature an announce-
ment of freshman class elections
While in the left-hand corner—with
from all outward appearances not
importance—~were
the blaring headlines (with old of a
magnifying glass):
TEL, DOWNTNG'S BAND. F

We like to see progressiveness and
changes in a newspaper. but we also
traditions shouldn't
be abolished. such as printing the
pictures of the president and vice-
prosidont of the class or at least a
picture of the chairman, not its rc-

|Ia_v period (Ii‘IiIlit‘l‘ ill to No-
\I'llilil'l‘ in will be due In lin-

Hlullonls who do nol
iili'll llliii' curds al this limo

’I‘EN EYCK HO-

 

 

 

lalways thought headlines would rather as recognition of their ef-
lvcs without further

iclc—ﬁbut this looks It may seem dry and boring. but

parallel of the art
more like an advertisement
’l‘cn Eyck rather than a “plug” for
a traditional college dance given by
seniors. The article itself contained
statement concerning
time, place, orchestra, price 0

itho will lililll a I'llHlli' barn

news. and always will as long as
readers are interested in the evonts

and activities of their follow stu—
iiyuu and his oI-n-lloslra.

 

Hellorul (fiIItlrIIIIIII.
opinion alone but rather a consen- “‘HJJ‘NH‘I IMNII
sun of the feelings of many of my
fellow classmates who hope for the
affairs to come that such an ovor-
sight will not occur again.

Alice Abclove, '41.

 

\\'odm.-Illiuy night from 7:31]

sorority house formula which were
Weekend. Since
when does one of the biggest
ends of the school year become sub-

 

dumber a freshman is,

a fraternity man watches two
over her brood. He gets them
walks them to classes. and fin-
t night—all in the effort
mpetition. The Women are even worse.
and fondle the frosh girls, who seem-
" Their obvious lnslncerity is enough
ator’s stomach.

“hello” in the corridor.

to the contrary, he cannot melt the
him from his former friends. Then
he becomes a fraternity man in deed as well as name.
The above experience has happened. not to all, but
to too many fraternity initiates. The women go the

men one better. Friends as freshmen, they
Women Go become enemies as uppcrclassmen in op-
One Better posing sororities. Some do not merely re-

fuse to greet each other, but in oral cx-
changes they often abandon themselves to cattincss.
Thus these evil groups perpetuate and hand down
insinccrity. narrowness. and snobbishness.

There is need in this school for a neutral bloc to
combat. these malicious organizations. Too long now
they controlled our student life. Too long haVe they
run rampant over our good will. The only reason for
their existing 15 a social one. This they have mis-
directed for thcir own narrow utility. They all too of-
tcn kill school functions by running parties in compe-
tltion the same night. By their control of key posts
and organizations, they help sabotage the efforts to
provide social outlets for the non-fraternity and non—
sorority students.

It is time the independents began to get
something out of college. Their numbers
Numerous are large. Organized, they will be strong.

Fraternities and sororities sponsor their
own candidates. There is no reason why the independ-

The fraternities and sororities are not qualified to
Their meanness, their pcttincss,
the abuses they have inflicted on the rest of the stu-
dent body disqualify thcln. Their strangle-hold on the
school must be broken.

The well; Bulletin

 

It I'll) CIHIHH I) I“ VI‘l

Servici- l"i'llll‘i‘illlj' will
lilit'll its annual iii-d i‘ros‘s
drive for funds from Stale
lollvgo. (In 'l‘uosdoy and
\\'I-I|nosdu_v llll'l'i‘ will be
llll‘i'l' inhios not up in the
N'llolil for tho roller-lion oi'
t'IilIii‘llilillollH. (Inc will lw,
by Iiu- Anni-x, another in
the lower hail of ill'lipl'l‘.
and Iiu- third inside lilo door
oi lin- I‘olnmous. ilroup
Ilollrwri will lw iIHlii‘Il to
make i'llllIl'llillllIIllH as a
group. ‘IIl'illl lh- Laney has
expressed her desire that
Ninth girl- to lilo best of its

ability.
I Itolwrl liIIIIII,
(IIuIrIIIIIII ol‘ the Drive.

I”I‘ICII
All students who are in
ion-sled in working during
ibauilagivlug and t‘hl‘ln‘l-
mas vacations and plan on
I'vmallilliu in Albany, pit-anal

utility [in- lllll'l‘illl ui our-o.
Hurry l'unsow,

Hiudeni Director.
HUI'IAI. ('.\l.lthli.\it

I.\'o\'. h ll‘l‘lmll i‘lIol‘llH‘
lullariau l‘iIurl-II. Ji:iill PM.
Nov 1': Social Hludh-s
hlI'I-llllg, Loougo, hzllll l‘. M.
Nov Iii Friendship and
.\i a r r i n g u l'IilliiIllriHlAlli,
Lounge, :i'llil i’. M.
.\'ov. |.'i mat Worship

Sl‘l'klt'l'. l'nilurian l‘llui't'b.
I'.‘ (to I'J1lii) I'. .'\l.

Nov, Ill Hi'.\ ('llllliiI-l Illii‘
le'. l<‘<-nliooro (‘oopor
House.

.\'o\'. lli lllllll‘lil i‘iIIlI
Mooring. iioolII ill). 7.:iil I'M.
. ov. iii Nl'Wlll'llI i‘lub

l'llilllllilll IIIiHll'i' lilliii'i‘,
i‘omIlIoIin li;llii 12:01) I'. M.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER B, I940

iFour Veterans
ln Cage Squad

 

    

Maloney's
Bdoney Five Sophs Bolster Reserves as
Hatfield Chooses Team For
Basketball Season

 

 

c
BOUQUBtS t0 Intramural Comm“ kctball squad.

for “35 promptly begun baSkeLba” The twelve men who will repre-
ngmmf Whmh was Slllpposeldhg’o sent State on the basketball court
have gouen under way 35‘ “g ' this year are: probable forwards.

According to those in charge. aplrme Ellerin, Bill Dickson, Les
highly Successm1 Semi) has. beeancrdts, Tom Fceney and Leo Flax;
planned. The SChedUle is beglhhmg ,probablo guards, Paul Merritt, Gerry
somewhat earlier than has been the iSaddlmnirc. Moose Gcrbcr, Leo Grif-
pohcy 0f the past. An early begin-lien, and Frank Hansen; probable
ning has been DECESSlmted by LthcnIcl-s, Hank Brauncr and Harry

fact that a slate has been worked up 11301-3.

under which each outfit will playl ,. , H ‘
each other twice. Last year. with ten only hmr Lumm‘"

We're not sure exactly why, but Hilton. ch,“ service.
Les Gerdts has asked us to make an -, H ‘ ‘
appeal for spectators at the intra— i “mm “NWT
mural cage tilts. Perhap it's bc-i Coach Hatfield
cause we’ve cham
treated spectator so much
past. .

As things stand at present, St
scheduled has

Sicna at Sicna ' I
the new Loudonvillc Gym. for which ed ln acc

ground has already been broken. Re-
gardlcss of whether ‘
in the new sportshcd this year, some ,lts mark.
details of construction which we re-
Cclvcd this week should prove of in-
terest. ‘
Roll—up bleachers on three sidcsl‘i‘ls [01' the 11‘0511.
of the basketball court will sent
1,300 persons, while scaling pro-
visions on the stage will boost the -_
total capacity to 1,500. Baskets arc HUN- 7 r 74%;;
to be suspended from the ceiling and , ~*--'—~- -
will be mounted upon glass hindr-
ll'ds, affording clear vision rom‘l M B k
 seats on both ends of the court. -  
As to actual dilncnsmns of the

at it is to be “oi.
and lellgtil"-»alii

. I
new Siena court. we know notions,  

beyond the fact til
regulation width _
of Wllich leaves plenty of leeway.

 

Bowling ,Lambda Sigma I

So that we won't
suggestive mood of the 1
weeks. may We be bold enough l/O‘pvpry Tuesday
append a bit of u pl'op0s‘a1. Bl‘li.’ll.\'v,i‘\'l%l‘y other Monday.

this year?

Ill past years.
exception of ‘39-
custom of Intramura
ganizo such a loop.
numbers of State kcglcrs
nightly flock to the neighborhooc
ton-pin parlors. it seems that there
exists enough student interest to,K
warrant continuation of the

with the possible . their
'40 it has been the .g
1 Council to or— hav
To Witness the 0111

.lhcy have entc

7:30 A. M. —— 11:00 I'. M.
be among the best.

’ — Jack Gurdcpile,

 

 

 

V " Coach G. Elliot Hatﬁeld assumed
 the role of Lord High Executioner
last Tuesday with the net result
but twelve men “ducked” and now

al
Duke“, I r main to make up the varsity bas-

teams in the loop. nine games were, This 3’93” Squad has Dilly four 0‘
theoretically completed by cool, i last years lettermen. Ellerin, Braun-
quintet ‘ ,cr. Merritt and Dickson. who were
Th1 ,.S team rower mth nine ;a part of the top-flight team of last
meanfniéea‘that ever‘y agg‘1_(;guuon‘-y(‘tll'. Absent from the courts thls
. _. , “I ” year are: Will Frament. Albany
Ettataggligesgtgegf E'E'cniztlfgéwtﬁll.Law School: Wait Simmons, teach-
o . (A . - ' , z , i . . .
an ambitious plan. and one thatLiggchgthgfeAﬁglg; 1:331:13 
will undoubtedly carry the spolt we] ‘ Mmhing m Lyon Mountain; mm
mm late Mamh' ‘Barrctt, practice teaching; and Bob

 

has refused to
pioned the mis— i make any comments or prognostica-
in theltions at this time. However, the

itlam is noticeably smaller in aver—

tagc stature than it has been in re—
Siena ‘ccnt years. Consequently practice
atc's sessions havo been devoted to stres-
kctball clash with sing speed. cutting. and endurance.
is booked for play in iSpccial emphasis is also being plac—
urate shooting and follow-
,up. for this year it is more than
State will play over important that each throw find

Fox,

' Jimmy Chapcil is taking over the
,mallngcrial duties for the varsity
iwllilo John Bukay will slug the tow-

i Last night the intramural bas-
‘,lu-iball league began play, Sigma
necting the Grads
get out of ()lll'llllltl Kappa Beta clashing with 001-
)ust TOWllegc house. Games will be played are a
and Thursday and with
’ H a bowling" 1021141105, Last year's champ, College House,
Why have!” “L l looks good again, but Barney Tuttle,
captain and high scorer. is Fm“ Feat
one and the Central Avenue boys
en‘t gained any new men. Potter
1) will probably have a stiff time
who mainlainlng their runner-up posi-
l tion with Gcrdts. Saddlemire, and
Griffin all promoted to the varsity.

appa Delta Rho looks like a threat

. - Hi b School ‘
opp u“ g Another team has been formed by
making the roster

V nine teams. The new outfits how: to
Kodaks (.‘lne Kodaiu-I ‘Ipmw, mm. meme.

‘ . i Intramural Council this year do-
Anmny camera Hmp’ In" -linlioly made an improvement lll

WAA To Celebrate

Holiday on Monday

____._—

Armistice Day, that glorious
day on which the first World
War ended and peace
brought to the world, is provid-
ing an extra day of fun and frolic
for the hardy souls of WAA who
again are invading the wilderness
of Chatham for a weekend so-
journ at Camp Johnston.

That striking poster on the
WAA bulletin has attracted quite
a number of campers. (Incident-
ly, WAA should be congra
on the effectiveness of its posters.
They are swell!) Co-chairmen
for the weekend are Betty Knowl-
ton and Betty Lou Court. Jean
Wells will be in charge of the

food.

Chessmen Face

Heavy schedule

Shaw, Erbstein Win Tourneys
As Chess Ladder Starts;

Freshmen Form Team

 

 

Although the championships of
the major and minor tournaments
are already decided, State College's
chess team faces a full schedule in
the near future.

Though it is not completed, Steve
Shaw emerged as winne
major tourna
nearest rivals,
win their remaining games

PAGE 4

Rainpour Does Not Daunt
Spirit of Hockey Players

R-r-r-r-r-rln clattered the alarm me “00‘” Save the" 39m“: End
clocks of elevmg Ems who 1,15,. “mp kerchiefs gave their all (including
ed over and went to sleep agmn as their colors which ran into sweat-
they saw the downpour outside. my: M informative mm”
- - _ - - o 0 ng an

w?“ r3236; timing; fﬁf‘ﬂ‘ﬁbeﬁ on hockey technique, the girls were
of the hockey team that despite the given a delicious lunch in the school
little impediment of rain, there was cafewr‘a- Ineldentlyv the “1111911:
going to be a hockey conference under the school reminded the gr
Saturday. This announcement was 0f everything from rival“ to 3“
acknowledged by a variety of sighs “11:1 Shellie": a“: caged 1$angboﬁ3
and groans, but all the girls valiently 3" “g “C - 5 8

the burning question—to smoke or

 

 

 

 

 

.poured themselves into the snazzy

ment. for should his
James Gillen and Art

frosh gym suits, gulped down their n°t to 5mm”?
breakfasts. and ran between the' Discussion groups Were next on
rain drops to the back of Richard- the program smce the heavens were
son. There they were to find that still giving forth in torrents. Those
not only were they late. but the bus who did not attend the discussions
was going to be much later. invaded the gym and took over the
Eventually a full team from State “Sketh court-iv Ding P0“! tabgeii
 Emma   grist: :thattractant-
re ared themselves to rave e I -,
Elements and meet the onslaught of ably they figured they w‘ererll1 t get-
the phys-cd majors of Russell Sage. “11g enough exercise Play ng oc ey.
Skidmorc and Ithaca (scheduled to Milne and Delmar high SChOOlS 11':-
appear) did not see fit to risk pneu- tempted a game of hockey early in
monia, a wise decision. the afternoon. but were forced in-
The uniforms (’2) of the players side. When the skies finally cleared.
beggared description. ski suits, State and Russell Sage met again
slacks. jackets. riding pants Were and the judges picked an honor
just samples of the outfits. Head- team to play the Mohawks. After
gear presented another picture. Bc- Milne and Delmar finished their
lieve it or not. there was more than game. the Mohawks (a womens
one bathing cap in evidence, revers- amateur team) gave the honor team
an exciting time of it.

Indicative of the spirit during the

 counc" Plans day was the decision of one of the
Mohawks—“To play or not to play?

Banquet’ mtgr Sports Shall I let intelligence or sportsman-
ship dominatc me? Shall I think of

 

 

 

 

they couldn't possibly win or tie. The second meeting of the coun- my health or shall I mink of the

The minor tournament, on th

6 other cil members of WAA was conducte game?” Lam, she was seen stream

hand. was more closely contested. recently. Plans for future activities I I i , toward a wen_
and George Erbstein and Clarence were discussed. dgoggLLm re d

Oarr, freshmen, Were tied for first The first banquet of the year has
place. Erbstein, however. became the been scheduled for Tuesday, Novem-
flnal victor in a playoff match.

 

ber 19 at 5:30 P. M. Featured dur- Dial 8-9038

From the results of those two tour- ‘ r the eveninr will be movies taken
W“ " ELSE’S HAIR DRESSING

namenls Will be arranged the Chess ‘ this fall by Madalyn Beers. president
Ladder, and ladder play will form-l

ally start.
City Tourney
A lal‘ge number of the

The official schedule will be pub—l m are going. ,0 cum, the cit
,lislu-(l shortly in convenient form Championship
for reference throughout the ses-

Stcve Shaw finishing

into a formidable team.

During the past week Art Fox
journeyed to Schenectady where he
sensational
om the

i played Olaf Ulvcstad.

simultaneous chess player fr
state of Washington. Here he suc-
cccdcd in drawing a game with Mr.
. v , ., - .. . _ Ulvcstad, being one of two to do so. :::~
poncy'   ﬁgﬁ‘wﬂﬁgf 23,333,533; nother simultaneous exhibition will 
‘ , , ’ ‘ _' he give
up lrom the fresh team. The Ram mshan' former I United states

’ iblel'ﬁ may be better with Danilwicz, ' _ I.
E“ ‘" “'2'” “a”     a  “Hebraic:- il.‘;.::r.s.°.ra.;“s.tsrs: 
Dinners 20c and ii 51,5 and thpa Beta can only im'- against M; Marsha“ 
"endow summon“ mm 1 move. Even though the Grad? will” The next week-end. offers state‘s . ,.
' . ' r m ' I g )I 
sundae!) (“Wm m w”,l,.d“,‘,t,ef,’,‘,,“wf,§,‘ffM1, chess team its greatest event.

Matches have been scheduled with
both Rutgers and Princeton.

0 O
SpeCIal Tram Rates
()N THE NEW YORK CENTRAL
Sign the lists on the bulletin
board in lower Draper

 

team play-
y-widc
tournament which
will be held in the YMCA. State
players made an impressive showing

at this same event last year, with
second
place, just one-half a point behindi
the Winner. Therefore much will be
expected of them. Since Max Pavey. ‘
last year's champion. is also entered,i
Show will have an opportunit
gain revenge for last year.

The freshmen chess players have
organized into a separate team. and ,
already have arranged a match with
Albany High School. Arrangements

yto

lso being made for a match
Green Mountain Junior Col-
lege. Having such a wealth of ma-

terial, the freshmen should develop

n this week-end by Frank

 

 

 

 

 

 

Western and Quail

I50 BOWLING

From 9:00 A. M. to 0:00 I'. M.

 

as

Bill S

(stem at Quail

of WAA. From all reports, thesel “AIR STYMST

should prove very interesting.

Winter sports captains worci Licensed ZOIJOS Shop
chosen by the council, and theirl 305 Madison Ave_ Albany’NIY.
names will be announced later.

 

      

A drink has to be good

' ‘ rt Avenue .lls progrlnn when it was provided
MM With.“£:rmflq y that the teams play each other twice. gee Shem” and Augustine V
ALBA ' ‘ ' r rrs i'l'lilS ul'rungelncnt will be more cor-J for “mum,-  J k ' ' '
PHONE ""0" .m... to bring up the best team. I ill to be en’oycd mllhons of
E I
_..__——-————-———-"""" J’T' { times a day by people the
I a
‘ ’ ' world over In every walk
to A Friend] , M I '
Ir‘or State College Bowlers: GOOd F00 y a of life. Coca.Cola ls one of
 s: r (d bin 3 whose
Comfortable Atmosphere WWW and tho r 50) t g
  R , I . quality stands out. You
- ' a I I I . ,
i‘ t “5 ' ' I"  welcome its taste and 1t8

“

" - - after-sense of refreshment.
PAUSE THAT REFRESHES

Bottled under authority of The Coca-Cola Co. by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO.
226 N. ALLEN s'rnau'r

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. MM ._,____..——-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i.

r,

 

 

i
i.
E


ALBANY. N. Y.

 

