 

 

 
   
       
   

 

   

“A -._. ‘AAH.Q (911 6!.

Page 2
*

 

STATE COLLEGE NEws

Established by the Class of 1918
Member

Associated Coﬂeoiale Press

Distributor of

Colieoiale Dioesl

The undergraduate Nevgspnper of New York State College

or Teachers

Published every Friday of the coliqge year by the News

Board representing the Student Association

Telephones: Office. 5-0373; Howe, 2-4314;9Kowalsky, 2-1243;
138 I

loung, 5-1053; Gabriel, 3- i

Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

postofflce

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 12, I940

 

 

 
    
  

Bitter Sweet

, Commentstater

 

abilities of a new order.
believe that the day of

fraternity recognizing the growth.

 

IEPIIBINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIRTIIING IV
National Advertising Service. Inc.
Collage Publisher: Representative
420 MADISON AVI. New YORK. N. Y.
cmcaao ' Eosrou I Lon Mull.” ‘ 5M! FIAICISCO

any of the Greek men

 

THE NEWS BOARD

Or'ro J. Hows 
LEONARD E. KOWALsm
SALLY E. Youno 
BEATRICE Dowen
STEPHEN KUSAK .
JOHN MURRAY 
SAUL GHEENWALD
Barry CLARK .... ..
MARY GABRIEL
KENNETH HAssu  .. . .

   

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
    
   

..... .. Bus

 

 Editar-in-Ohief

Oo-Editor-in-Ohief
 Managing Editor
. Associate Editor

.. Associate Editor
Associate Editor
 News Editor
 Sports Editor
iness Manager
. Advertising Manager

of ideas which rival fraternity men may offer.
propositions.

ableness.
bias.

    
 

agd so" in their own
a mit this. The nature of rushin will
direct fellows toward different fraterrgiities.

 

THE NEWS STAFF
SOPHOMORE SPORTS STAFF
Alfred Bulmer Phil Kaufman
SOPHOMORE BUSINESS STAFF

Edward Colmar. Madeline Grunwald.
Robert Leifels. Allen Simmons

Virginia Polhemus

in the formation of our

as naturally as they should.

 

ISSUE EDITORS

WILLIAM DOitllANCh‘ EDWIN
June HAUSIIALTEII
ANITA Homu

HOLSTEIN
CARL MAltOTTO
HARRY Passow

 

sider the four-square personality of the freshman.

I see a great opportunity ahead for the fraternities
methods by making use of
I . It has been
suggested that the pledging of new members be post-
poned to the third semester of their college life, thus

to reform their rushing
the new administration's five-year plan.

avoiding the intense rushing each fall.

 

The Malaer Path

The Karpcn resolution seeks to reorganize Music
council into a more democratic form; but-is it
democratic to stipulate that a council member must
belong to orchestra, chorus, or operatic society? The
latter two organizations are regular courses listed
in the catalogue. Should such courses be a pre-

requisite for extra-curricular activity?

We agree that it is a good idea to effect reform
Such reform, however, should
be organized in such a way as to give an equal
chance to the person whose schedule prevents his

in Music council.

taking either of these courses.

Is it logical to presume that a person can be an
active member of a musical organization and still
devote time, and it does take a great dead of lime,
to a music council which is already specialized in
its work? It seems that there must be a happy
medium which eliminates politics and which still

maintains an effective council.

A "happy medium” which seems plausible Would
be to have a music council consisting of right or
Three members would be clcclcd
to represent the three musical organizations. The
rcst of the council would be clcclcd by (he Sludcnt
association from a list of perhaps lcn Irvouls rcc—
onuucndcd by Music council. This sci-ms lo us to

nine members.

be a sallsfnclory compromise plan; it contains ele-
ments of lxnrpcn’s plan, and also iuclllrlcs Music
council’s idca.

Congrats to ~ - ~ the Audience

Bouqucls lo lln- sludrnl body! Your conduct
at Monday night's pl‘l‘llil‘llllllul‘ of in .\l('rl
the best (but Sililc has sun for u long limc
No pupcr nil'pllun-s from the balcony, no slornping
or talking win-n llil‘ narrator was spi-nking bclwccn
(lzlln‘I-s, no booing . . . l

Wllh

'l‘ln- interval in La Mcri's pl-iforunlncc was :1
rclli-cllon of sludciu opinion, on cxccllcul one, which
hasn’t bccn expressed so well in the past. l’cr~
haps it was simply a tribute lo the personal charm
and grace of the dancer. Perhaps it was a genuine
interest in the dance movement and in native dances.
Perhaps Stale audiences are becoming more mature
and are thinking more Seriously about such sub-
jects as “Public Conduct,” and “Consideration for
Others.”

No matter what the cause, we like the results.

 

, In discussing this matter.
emphasize the political nature

in other ways.
zatlons become too abusive.
undertaken by the independent students.

We can not amass a set of rules in our Interfrater-
nlty constitution which will effect a miraculous change
It will demand co-operation from all
We sophomores can start now and
It would

in attitude.
fraternity men.
continue the drive for the next two years.
he a worthy contribution to the future of State.

The Critic

One of the greatest

 

cently the newest of the better
Varsity and Royale records—drove risen

Kay Kyscr

(Columbia) Little Sllf'p/lt‘l'tl of My [Jun/us

Action, chuckles and a couple of smooth Harry

Hobbit vocals done in the best Kyscr style.
Ray Noble Too Roman/iv
(Columbia) The Moon (on! the Willow Tree

Songs from [toad to Singapore in a “llghlu out” l

tempo. effective rch and string obligottocs. l
Johnny (h'ecn Lover Come [zinc/c to Me
(Hoyiile) Ziycimcr

A pair of oldies gone bluesy under the nimble

fingers of Johnny Green at the piano.
Van Alexander Say It
(Varsity) My My
All ever popular band with two new songs.
lini'r'y .lrunes Comical of lenlr'r'
(Varsity) [for/yo I’m/yr

(.‘or'nct solo with triple [ongoing and special

cllcr-ls wilh a hol codn swing (cmpo,
{llr'lrouomr All Star [land
(Benny (ioodnuin) (Columbia)

King l’or‘lcr' III (I Il(‘\V

by the nation‘s best swing players.

:1 ll—lelr b'll'lll

Now that spring has finally come, Decca. cole-
brutes with the publication of a group of albums of
’l‘wonty of the inont popular (lcr'ohwin
songs With the vocals by Connie Bochll. Bing Crosby,

distinction

and other lumhuirics arc boxed in lWl) albums. iii'nhms
him ('(ilill‘:~. into his (mu with an album containing
I-lghl. of his Hungarian Nanci-s ably [N'i'llii‘liil‘ll by the
Mecca conccrt orchestra directed by Harry lioI'llck.
All you (Invoices of l‘hxlclund olylc ol .lnzz will be
llll.l‘l'(.‘.‘)l(‘(l iii a group ol llllllllll‘l'n boxcd under the
litlc of Chicago Jazz.
G 1 ‘I ')

Home weeks ago Nowmcr'c/c had a page of pictures
of "La Mci'l's expressive trial." and a short account of
her life:

“lllxrutt accuracy of costume and movement is a
plinnloll with La Mcl'l, eclectic dancer born in Ken-
tucky and brought up in San Antonio. Texas. She
won‘t add a new number to her repertory of one hun-
dred dances of more than thirty nations until those
who know it best approve her performance. And she
performs her numbers to native music recorded on the
spot." Not only did she show a mastery of difficult
dance steps and superb grace, but also a warm per-
sonality. We have in mind her charming bow at the
end of her gaucho dance. which Won the heart of
everyone.

 

Being still a sophomore I have
. yet to find th

matured attitude of mind which generally accepts the:
philosophy concerning fraternities at State and which
Is thoroughly pessimistic of the possibilities and prob-
bgicogrjiizing these facts, I

er nterfraternit rel -
itionships is coming. There is excellent grounh-wogk
n our own class for cutting down the rigid lines
which occur naturally without the brothers of each

Too many artificial barriers are erected without3
realizing that the develo
When men from different fraternities conytact eath
other in college activity, each feels that he must do
right by his own fraternity without due consideration
must be over-Tcgnsideij'ate and over-tolerant of th‘gi:
9 pre udice which unconscious] I
into our minds must be balanced by an over rile/21:21:?
Mere wishful thinking will not correct our

Also, there is much talk of certain t

‘ ypes of felloW'
being in one fraternity. I believe this to be a fallacy?
When fellows admit that they would like to have “so
fraternity, We unconsciously
inevitably

When considering the nature of fraternit'
res as a
whole, we see that they can play an unhealthy part
T . I entire collegiate thinking.
hey place restrictions on our social thinking which
do not allow so-called strong fraternity men to develop

When selecting their new blood each fall 6
I . stab-
. lished fraternities select those freshmen who will most
Ira mrsh, I likely contribute to the prestige and political advance-
' ment of that body. Too seldom does the rusl'rer con—

I would like to cle-
. of fraternities which
ls. so often denounced. If fraternities with sororitie
didn't run candidates, the student body would divide
If fraternities and their sister organi-
reorganization will be

S l

A

*
phenomena of the last few .
years has been the boom in the record industry. Mm} Leo and LIZ are reﬁll-V ‘nmking'
Today Decca. a revamped Columbia. and quite re- lam—you” see them at SOime‘ orll’ﬁs
| H ‘ LI

I record companies— '(jmll‘se ‘ ' ' l

the United States Recording Company and their ‘0” “196k an” 2111'
‘ ' v to provide.
melody lor the nations piatlcrbugs and music lovers.
[Icy Pop.’ 1 (lou‘l Wanna Go to Worlc

King I’ortrrr Stomp

arrangement bent out

I luslrr‘ous

The Tonight of Tomorrow —by Hayeilip

 

 

       
  

' I

rf.’
,_ WW“.
.1 (MM ,(l.

    

./

    

Ewart l

Soiree Diplomat re-I‘ Hellen ics

El?» m“

Ten‘shunl

porting for duty after a
vacation—and rarin’ to go! Yes
fir. whattl wétl: spring working over-
Iine WI I owe, there's Juli—lent - v
(o tell—and duty becomes alpieasurebi ,,elll.eel,l,',cguls, and gals.’ here. is the
You know the’old saying—“it neverlpast weekwe Of State durmg the
Reyn-oids,_ but what it pours"—V S  u,
31631,, 0113131; gyfmliggﬁ W313? Lon-u The Pin 351ml iififf-‘r'ii'i'eriém vs.
I I L "K ' O ‘I . u . .-
' piplomuuc "ope about all Swellycatigrlre tooirnd themselves homeless.
Soiree: Yep. theSoiree bug seems’heatel- ’jn zﬁlenatliii’r. from the 0”
fa‘tjlliﬁmlbeon biting lots of typical “bye damage L20  k- .

‘. (cs lately: 'I‘uko‘the Duffy- dining-1.00m Th .6. “Chen Ema
Quinn combination, for Instance. or waS not, affe t e ICSLx-OI the house
{3352big/flinﬁﬁtfgleason match Axidiweir sprayed (hill (iii Iiiilblfutrwas
LOcSOilfee With] qvfeyfiruDOyle is BOIIIBUgI'rls are now living at vi)!” 0 m?
.  ‘ ‘ n blond “9511- one at Mor 1 1m ha”!
iangrgolo. I wonder what Bradt Omél-S Wm euand han’ mid the
that about . . . It Simmons (0 me ' .u.:.i,,1;:enlglfp2rtrelakwes'

r s ‘ ’ Il’ men
Gorgon, '40. Gamma Kap,
‘37 married to Thomas Meohan.

long

 

did consider-

Betty
I guess Bob wasn‘t so

.,' .l '
about asking. Two 01» BZ.S “1mm

Donneily to be his soircc par‘tner'anpm. I - have also
No sir. Soiree won't find him Ruth-‘ Cm mm the Sm or man"

lll‘ss either . . . I bet Millie Bat—lfﬂony'
‘lheWS ’11 have a super-swell time ath m
ison'ee. Ann so will Ed Holsteln‘R
‘wrlh Rail-ray of sunshine he's tak-‘
ing. . . . Graves Wil—son be happy,
,loo; he's taking Kay tonight.

Very Interesting: A quote from
our clever Miss Kcelcr‘. “Ya know.
we got a swrli bunch of fcllOWs at
Cooper house."

Overheard near Kownlsky. “My.
you cover a lot of territory. don‘t
you." And did you hear about a‘
(curtain State college maiden who

They are Helen Clyde, ’37.
married Clayton Moore and
ar'olyn Edwards, '38, who milrrled
ogcr Conklin.

” As a br'id‘e-Lo—be Virginia Fur'cv
.39, belongs in (his department. 
received an announccmcru of her
engagement to Leslie Knox. ‘33 The
‘(jngagcrncnl of Elcunoi' Wickani
.39, and Fred Bowman. '39, has bccri
,nnnounccd.

~____‘_\_

 

once kissed a wooden indian? . . .
‘Wc Wouldn‘t Mi'm—ic it.

Did you know lhal Kcnny Dornn
will lukc time off in cscol'l Hattle
lo loriitc‘s affair? '1'" “W I‘JIIIWI'S:

Soiree Surprises: Bob Martin’s“ 30m" “I”? “'0 ‘ ' ~
(hllc for Soh'cc is Dcc Pcnk of sur- “ll ill :ISHl'IIllllf" “if”llfll(lllllll'0(ifllle
mm“; wan!“ w“ gm, her? And (ion for the purchase and lnstJ' ll'd-
l bcl you ain't 'Hpcclln' lo soc Mike “0'1 “l 1| I’Ulillc Alldl'l'v‘ “Evil 4 fa"
Walriitli der'n wil' lll()\’l('-bllli' Dick 51M" ('Ullt‘ilt'.  "Mm OX
l’owcll's mosl bcnulll'ul slslcr'. Lona. l (llll'h'lloll lllt‘ uthlHnbllilv of '1 'l
And .spcnklng of Slil‘pl'lm'x you‘ll be u M'hI-mc \villioul fur-(ln-r' invlulhi’ )
surc lo uolicc Mickcy O'Br'ynn's I-s— “"11 “5' ‘0 (“N-‘3. l'illl‘ (ll (ll'lll'l‘l'll‘lllﬁ‘h
m” mph .(m»l-,,,.,.,,1_v and quality of pi'odlu-llon 

Don't l"lll‘gll‘l: Al; onc of our 11— “Wk “hill WWW HUI! I ( ’
' S()|)l()lll()l‘(‘h says; "You'll in (he firsl l -.- I « u 
be solr'cc if you don‘l no lo Soiree." ul'c loo lcw riiilll‘lllh‘oin-lIllr'llpiviiudb

"card from The Mob: The old‘lllll'“ “I'l‘ lillult'lllluic lor' ‘lhc 
adage "Mcn new-r make passes at (boy are bci’ng mndc lo carry in
pmg Wm, wpm- “1115505” 1'5 an un-.lhc Commons, [hero is onc speaker
known qunnllty . . . at least . .  . . (hcrc they should be big ‘criough
ever since Alice Purcell donned (.hu‘llllll I'lluucd lcnough to carry the
option] ﬁcr'llel]]7,(.-r's_ linodulnlion rcquircd for [a period

Solree Problems: The fraternitle (1L ll‘llSL (I Will'- Tlic amplifier
man who hm,- [lu'ep brother's In thezhlmllld lJO ()iicillllll. W()Lll(’l lit ll‘llﬁli
same house trying to sell hlrn flow- lHlVﬂ it fair (IUUHW 01' IIIUlIlllullolI
pm _ , , m» the fellow who 1,,- wull- The next question I would like
ing" until Friday night to buy his in uh'k is just What is the Value of
bid in hopes his date will get out SUCH all CXWISIVG System? 30 fill‘
of the inﬂnnury , . _ 01- me two it has been put to no practical use
fellows who Want to borrow the - . . it is even difficult to dance
same “tux.” . the problem of to the music produced by it
buying two corsages, one for the and when there are announcements
official dance (Soiree) and one for you can’t hear them. - - - Of course
the next night’s formal. it can always be used as a fird
So-o-o-o—wa'll see you there to- alarm . . . or can it?
night, Anonymous.

(Alllllll ll l’llCil “(HIS

\
x

 
  

  

momma;

'l

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, APRIL 12, 1940

  

 

 

Maloney's
Balonev

 

 

 

 

Those who annually harangue for
further de-emphasis of our de-em-
phasized intercollegiate athletic
program—the abolishment of base-
ball—need not look far at present
for ammunition to justify their
walls. We don't want to see further
curtailment of the athletic program
here but in the interests of com-
mon sense fail to see cause for the
continuation of State’s “big” spring
sport under the present circum-
stances.

Upstate and New England schools
can only hope. and pray—«that wea-
ther conditions will permit them
to move out of doors by the middle
of April—by which time otheri
schools have plunged into heavy
campaigns. However. with few ex-
ceptions—as State—upstate and New
England schools are provided with
ample facilities for the conditioning,
and preliminary training of a base-4
ball learn. Here at State. each
spring the procedure is the same.
Thawing ground. rain, muddy fields,
late practice sessions and maybe
it adds 11p to two weeks of training
for a sport which demands at least
a month. The squad is inadequate-
ly prepared and student interest

, practice at this writing, spiked shoes
‘and gloves were being brought out

 

Weather lmpedes l
Opening Practice
Of gigs Nine

Reporting Veteran Outﬁt
Gives Bright Outlook
F or 1940 Season

State’s athletic stepchild, the
baseball team seems destined to get
off on the left foot once more with
weather conditions creating the
usual delay in the start of practice.
With the opening game—Hartwick
——scheduled for April 27 and Bever-
wyck still unfit for practice sessions,
the squad has one strike against
it from the start. However, although
the team has not had an official

Carefree Crowds Jam

Commons For Carnival

Did you hear that awful racket
which emanated from the Com-
mons last Saturday night? Did
you think that the Ringling Bros.
circus was practicing beneath the
library? That was no circus;
it was the annual MAA-WAA
sports carnival conducted under
the capable leadership of Made-
lyn Beers and Bill Haller.

From the first swinging at a
ping-pong ball in the gym,
to the last swinging of the vic
in the Commons, everyone raised I
cain with a vim which would
have rivalled a county fair. The
barkers barked themselves hoarse.
and the concessions did a thriv-
ing business. Following the raf-
fling of a cake. won by Marge
Baird, the hep-cats enjoyed danc-
ing until the carnival ended at
mid-nite.

 

 

this week.

When the weather does cooperate
and outdoor sessions really get un-l
derway, it will be an all-veteran'
nine greeting Coach Hatfield with'
its campaign prospects considerably!
better than those of former years. !

Veteran Team l

The possibility of having [I suc-
cessful year is enhanced no little
by the return of Larry Balog to the}
baseball wars after a year‘s absence.’
One of the smoothest fielders in
the school, Balog‘s return has al-
ready—with one exception—solved
the infield problem. With Toadl
Fairbank free to devote all his at-l
lentions to first base. and Balogl

 

 

runs at a low ebb. Then we can
play out a grinding eight game
schedule—most schools play between

15 and 20—min call it a baseballEXCmdinS the IlOSSlbilill’ 0f ﬂ_ fresh'jand was the unanimous choice of
season. Maybe it is. but it doesn't 3 mall 001111118 along L0 1111 “115 P05" i (he nine captains who acted as selec-

conform to our conception of one.

The funds might better be diverted Ed Casler. John Shearer. and, 13111 other four spots by Walt Dani]-
into other channels, possibly with Thoma-9. all Of Whom Illayed It at wlcz. the league‘s high scorer of

an eye to stimulating student in-

terest with a broader intramural

program or small sport intercol-

lcgiatc program. Phil Kaufman.
Ills # =0!

With the selection of an all-star
basketball team, the intramural win—
for sports season is brought to its
close. College House won the cage
title and rightly deserved it. Due
to a late start and interference in
(he use of the gym. the volleyball
tournament went into a slate of in-
voluntary rcliremcnt. Given proper
support. this sport could go a long
way. It’s too bad. bill maybe next
war will bring a little more cooper-
:uion from the officials of the nth-
lcllc department.

Wc'r'c breathing a prayer for In-
lr'nrnur'nl council in lhc hopes that
llll' nmbilious schedule planned for
(hc spring will go off as scheduled
in n vi-i'y slroi'l time. :1 ping-pong
lourmuncnl will begin. Al the some
limo. the annual soft—bull league
will l'cl under way. Lusl year's
chumps never were crowned due to
n llllhllll(l(‘i'.‘§lllilflllll—l ovcr' eligibility
ruin-4. Let‘s hope the schedule 4003
llu'ouilh lo the l‘llfl this season. For
iln' boys who like lo chase a little
while ball from (on (o lcc, there will
aim no a golf (oui'nnmcnl. Again
we hopc that (be boys don't got

lll'l'(l of walking and let (lrc whole

(him; go to pol. Al Bulmer.

and Danilwicz forming a strong}
combination around the keystone,
‘Sthk, only third base is undecided.)

,tion. the leading candidates are

.some time last year. ,
l Catchers Lacking ‘
l Dar Van Keuran will assume the
lpitching burden and can be counted
,upon to do a capable job, Williams
‘and Fairbank are the other veteran
moundsrnen. Bill Br'ophy is around

 

but there is a crying
capable receiver to act as relief Inan.
: At present the outfield with two
position.» not filled seems the big
problem. Clay Sprowls. a fine gard—
cncr. will cover the wide open spaces
‘in ccnterficld while \Vimp Barrett
is the leading contender for left-
l'icld. Rightfield is wide open.

WAA to farticipate
/ At Ohio Convention

Mur'g Baird, 310. president of WAA.
and Madalyn Bccrs. '4]. will repre-
sent Slain hi :1 convcnlion of the
Nor'lhcnsl scclion of (he Alhlclic
Federation of College Women, rI‘hc
convention, which is bring conduct—
(-(I lit Ohio Slulc University. is
scheduch from Thursday lo Satur-
day. April 18 (o 20.

Although provision is made in
(he WAA budch for convention
(rips this is (he first one State is
participating in (his ycnr Miss
Baird nnnounccd (hot (here are scv-
cr'nl problems facing WAA which

 

You 71 find
At the

ANNEX
Wager ’s

IOE
OBEAM

Nothing Else So Good
Is So Good [for You

_—qu——_—-—.—_———-

may be clcnrcd up by nsccr'lninlng
whnl solutions oliu‘r‘ (‘olll'gl'u have
(ound for (hi-m

Slnlc lurx l)(‘l‘ll :lhlil‘d to conduct
n (‘()lll('l'(‘ll(‘(‘ on Yoth Hindi-ls. ’l‘lic
lwo girls will lcnvc Albany chncs-
day and i'l‘llll'll Sunday.

 

STATE STUDENTS. . .
lint and Save at the . . .

IDEAL RESTAURANT
l (‘cntral Ave, (‘or. Lark I

 

Men and Women of State

Have your Laundry
Called for and Delivered
REASONABLE RATES
WILLIAMS LAUNDRY
15—5482

See “Eiv” Williams, '42
for particulars

 

to assume the catching duties againj
need for a]

ICr‘cai'y. of KDR. Fred Day of (he

 

Captains Choose
All-Star Quintet

Tuttle Unanimous Selection;
Danilwicz Tops League
In Scoring Race

As an anti-climax to the very
successful intramural basketball
season recently annexed by College
house's undefeated aggregation, In-
fra—mural council came up this week
with the annual all—star quintet.

Selections Difficult

Barney Tuttle. College house’s all—

ni'ound boy. captains this quintet

tors. He is ably supported in the

(he Rambler's, Herb Oksala of KDR.
Leo Gr'iffen, Potter club's speed-
boy. and Norm DeNeef. SLS's sharp-
shooter. The second team has six
menmdue to a lie in the voting.
it's a well-rounded capable group
with little to choose between it and
the first bunch. Jerry Saddlemh‘ci
and Bill Haller of Potter. Square
Carney of College house. Roy Mc-

anblers and Harry Jordan of SLS,
compose the team. Of those select—
cd for both fives, Norm DcNeef

Spring Program
To Open Monday

Winter Season Ends Today;
Baird Lists Captains
of Spring Sports

 

Marge Baird. '40, president of
WAA. has announced that winter
sports season officially ends today
with spring season starting Monday.
The regular spring sports will be
offered during the season and those
wishing credit should watch the
WAA bulletin board for notices.
Swimming Started

Swimming had its start last night
under the direction of Violet Cag-
anek, ‘41. assisted by June Haus-
halter, '42. The sessions are being
conducted in the Public Bath No.
3, at the corner of Ontario and
Central. on Tuesdays at 2:30 o’clock,
Thursdays at 7:30 o’clock and Fri-
days at 3:30 o'clock. There will be
a fee of ten cents for each Tuesday
meeting. Those who didn't start
last night should make an attempt
to get there this afternoon or next
week.

Tennis, supervised by Helen Mil-
ler, ‘41. assisted by Lois Hafley,
‘43. will be conducted in the gym
on Tuesdays. Thursdays and Fri-
days fr'om 3:30 to 4:30 o’clock.
Later when the weather permits,
the girls will play on the Wash-
ington Park courts.

Baseball at Dorm Field

Baseball will be played on the
Dorm field Mondays, Wednesdays
and Fridays from 3:30 to 4:30
o‘clock. Madeline Hunt. ‘41, will be
captain of the sport. with Hattie
De Forrest, ‘42. co—captain.

Archery will also be played on
the Dorm field Mondays. Wednes-
days and Fridays, but will last from
3:30 to 5:30 o'clock. Fran Wood,
‘41. and Anita Holm, '42, will be in
charge.

Golf. under Boots Walker, '40,
and Evelyn Doyle, ‘42. will be prac-
ticed on the Dorm field.

 

 

Touchél

 

 

 

 

 

As everyone has undoubtedly in-
formed you. spring ls here, as well
as spring sports and Spring Hand-
book. The handbook (made under
the direction of Dottie Brooks, '42),
is due to come out in front of the
WAA bulletin board Monday. Get

your copy, girls, and take your
choice of spring sports.
.I Q Q

The annual Sports Night has come
and gone. Ask anyone who was
there, and they’ll tell you it went
over with a hang! The high spot of
the evening was the basketball
game between the varsity and the
girls. Needless to say, the referee
seemed prejudiced In favor of the
girls. But that only added to the
fun! The varsity's “attempt” to
play girls’ rules brought many a
laugh with the girls carrying off
the honors playing boys‘ rules.

t t t

The WAA badminton tournament
play-off was also a feature of
Sports Night and Armida Casline,
'43, is now WAA badminton champ.

HI I. It

The banquet Saturday night was
all that was to be expected. The
food was excellent, decorations very
“springy.” singing good. and fac-
ulty entertaining. However, there is
one complaint. Where were the rest
of the girls? Those who were there
enjoyed themselves, but how about
those who didn’t attend? Was it
lack of interest or didn't they think
they would have a good time? An-
other banquet is coming up later in
the season. Take the opportunity,
girls. to find out what fun there is
at a WAA banquet.

Virginia Polhemus.

 

 

moved Lip to a first learn spot from
the second (com position he held
last year. while Holler and Carney
( (lroppl‘d from positions on last year‘s
first (cam to second learn spots.

Sonn- statistics per‘lincnl to (he
‘(‘f)ll(.‘lll(l(‘(l intramural cour‘l season
are available. The five (op H'ol'cr's
\vcrc IJnnilwicz with 80 in nine
games, Dchef with '79 in ninc con—
il-'~ls, Jordan and Day will) 74 in
(‘lglll and nine games respectively.
and Barney Tulllc with 73 in nine
games.

Scoring lligli

inn-resting is (he incl lhnl Collcgc
house null Polll-r' club, way ahead
of tho pack offensively luul such
r-vcnly distribqu individual lu'ol'lllg
lolzils; that, only two men from
bolh (lrcsc (cums. Truth: and Car-
ncy. hit the top ion scorers. The
slnlistics also bcnr out the super-
lor'ily of the Central :lvcnuc team
during lhc pusl season. Tin-y roll-
ed up 334 porno. for on average
()1 37.6 per conu- ngnirrsl 17 for"
(he opposition or u ‘11) point margin
for (‘lil‘ll l'onll-sl

l’olli-r \villi 2m; points l'illl .kcc—
orul olfl-nsiH-ly. \\'llll(' Kl)lt crigng—
.lllll in :l-vcr'ol l'llml‘. low—bcor'ilig con—
(mls. bull (in. l-xci-llcru (icl'l-risivc
l'('('(ll‘(l ol llllillllll.‘ Its (l])])().‘lll()il lo
15 points (1 garlic.

Aurora: olhcr‘ lhnrus. Al
22 points. nuuin‘l Avnlon-Hpcnccr.
was lln- year‘s individual high.
houw nunhol (in: .Hllllll‘
fill lililli‘h

by ('(llll‘llv
‘club wilh

MADISON SWEET SHOP
l 0

Made Ice Cream
and Lunches

Home

785 Madison Avenue
3 Doors from Quail St.

2-9733 We Danni-

 

 

 

 

I’n i'l((’l"-'$

whih- lhc (cum hluh Will. rolled up

l 

 “f

Every day people the
world ever stop a mo-
mcnt. . .cn joy an icc-cold
Coca - Cola . . . and go
their way again with a
happy after-sense of
complete refreshment.
The [nurse that refreshes
is a real idea, really rc-
frcsliing.

226 No. Allen St.

 

 
      
 
  

’ THE PAUSE THAT REF

(b

M

Delicious and
Refreshing,

\

 

t"

Bottled under authority of The Coca-Cola Co. by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO_., INC.

Albany. N. I.

 

 

 

 

