. .9.ch g5»...

 

.

\

Mo: 4:

~ '- ~ ~ 7 Slate’s World War

(Continued from page 1, column 4/ vided an experience new for all who

.“Inat - . at passed through them. They brought
mumnmgggftyfhgdhﬂ “3:319 denial, work, adventure—and they
agalrist slavery.” brought tragedy.
The same day the News published Seven Students Dead

the Ibo" Wu “5 8‘50 contained After the war had ended, and had
‘3 “tick “mm”! the student“ ‘0 been in some measure forgotten, one
"'3 ‘9” “my “d mu“ to “mane day the students and faculty gath-
more “"85" T° “d them' 1“ pub' ered on the campus in front of
med two recipes I" “and” “either Draper Hall to plant seven oak trees
a them “3‘” “"35" —one for each of State’s students
War Inﬂuences Jokes who had given his life in his coun-

mng try’s service. Six of those'trees were
wan;ng  (ﬁngznt studgnat: for men. and one was for a woman—
": m u e Even the Joke wl_ a worker in a YMCA canteen over-
mewggeegdected Jokes such as seas. Four of them ﬂourished and
this one were cognmon m Joke still grow i[on are Stahtlt:l College clans;
. pus, serv g rem us toda

gamma; :3; ’23:?31: w: the sacrifices of State’s children of
that they be unfavorable to the a p33” “5"

Central Powers.

“Do on know why the Kaiser is
like a lrrnarl from the north of Ire- R¢8¢Nt3 to Install
Commissioner Cole

land?"
“I give up."
thuwfg' "1‘: ﬁgesgcggﬁgigﬁt and Dr. Ernest E. Cole will be installed
e 0 er 8 m: k m" that as President of the University of
tom‘gt: 3:1 “shall? e5 e the State of NewtiYork tand Commis-
' sioner of Educa on a a convoca-
wnh :918’ tam-e cﬁhmet ﬁftiglgrg tion of the Regents of the University
tom to he“? 2”; “rations and next Thursday night at Chancellor’s
dances W 0“ eco Hall. Dr. Henry M. Wriston, Presi-
without refreshments in order to d t f Brow Universit Wm be
cooperate with the country's food “‘1’” fine, a] :1 eaker 3"
conservation plan. The Intersorority e p p p ' . S
party which was held on April 19, Dr- 0018 W35_ born "1 axonai
1918, was called the mOst novel eat- N- Y-v Novembt‘l 13: 13714 He fOIdS
less, decorationless, expenseless so- the “011910? or laws degree mm
cial function in the history of the Cornell University. the honorary
degree of doctor of pedagogy from

scnom' State College, and the honorary de-
Antl-Geﬂnan Feellnl Rises gree of doctor of laws from Alfred

A reflecton of the feelings of the University.
college and of America in general Although a lawyer by profession,
can be obtained from a- letter Which Dr. Cole began an educational career
appeared on the editorial page of soon after his admittance to the bar
the May 15. 1918 issue of the News. in 1895. From then until 1916 he
This letter. which was written by a held four public school principal-
member of the facility 0f the 001- ships. In 1916 he gave up education
lege. read in Part as fOUOWSi and became a member of the law

“We are right. Germany is WI‘ODE- firm of Cole and Knapp.

The day has Passed when We could From 1920 until 1926 Dr. Cole
See one 10th 0f right 1“ Germany- served on the State Legislature as

"We are agatht the German war an asselnblyman and later as a
COdB. againSt German militarism: senator. In 1925 he became chairman
EgaihSt the German type or ﬁduca' of the Senate Committee on Public
tlon. against the German system of Education. In 1926 he became legal
government. 'agah’ist the German counsel for the State Education De—
System 01' diplomacy. against the partment. He was appointed deputy
German disregard for accepted 111- commissioner of education in 1928.
ternatlonai practices. We expect to On June 20 he was elevated to
see the German race 9' pariah race' the commissionership by action of
outcast among nations—a punish- the Board of Regents.
ment to be a German . . . ". ________

This sort of writing was not only . I
approved of at that time, but was‘KIrshenblum Promlses
actually believed in.

So much literature of this type was November Statesman
circulated, and so profound was its The ﬁrst issue of the Statesman
influence that by May. 1918. fully will be out early in November. The
one-third 0f the men Who were board. headed by Blanche Kirshen-
registered at State were Serving in blum, '41. invites all State students
the army' including graduates to submit con-
Slogans Used tributlons, poetry, features, and car-

Those who stayed at home were toons. Freshmen will be notiﬁed
constantly reminded oi their part. shortly of assignments and meetings.
All through the issues of the News Says Miss Kirshenblum, “We ex-
which were edited during the war pect numerous improvements and re-
may be found little hits like the fol- ﬁnements in this year’s issues. We
lOWlngi are taking all criticisms and sugges-

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY; OCTOBER 11, 1940

 

Greeks Sponsor
Novel Functions

Sororities and fraternities have
given the freshmen welcomes in the
form of open houses and smokers.

Many pledges of last year ware
initiated this week-end into the
ranks of the Greeks. They are: Chi
Sigma Theta: Patricia Berry, Doro-
thy Cox, Ann Shannon and Mickey
Adams; Beta Zeta: Mary Fairchild,
Ellen Holly, Ruth Leggett, Jean
McAllister, Dorothy Rumll, and
Jean Sears; Psi Gamma: Betty Bar-
den, Dorothy Geertsen, Patricia Gib-
son, June Melville, Glenice Mat-
thews Shirley Ott, June Sample and
Mildred Studley.

The Edward Eldrea Potter club
will hold a Vic Party tonight.

 

Hardy Announces New Debaters

William G. Hardy, instructor in
English and coach of the Varsity
Debate Squad, announces that the
following have been selected for the

Pi Gamma Mu Cadets
To Aid Instructors

 
 

 

Pl Gamma Mu members will
have an opportunity to de-
velop teaching technique be-
fore going into the practice
school. under a new system of
cadet teaching announced
this week by Dr. D. V. Smith,
faculty head.

The new program will make
right hand men of each mem-
ber of the national honorary
social studies society. They
will take over many of the
routine duties of instructors
of basic social studies courses.

 

 

Bureau Will Complete
Registration of Seniors

The Student Employment Bureau
announces that today, October 11,
is the last day for registration. The
Bureau expects a higher registration
this year than last.

The Student Employment Bureau
Committee met yesterday to discuss
and outline the program for the
coming year. The committee is still
working on the details, and the
definite plans will not be presented
to the students until a future time.

Seniors and graduate students are
urged to watch the bulletin boards
for further announcements. They are
also asked to watch the mail boxes
for interview notices.

 

 

Debate Squad:

Sadye Zi‘inskas. Betty Burke. Solo-
mon Greenberg, Dorothy Huyck,i
Muriel Scovell. Marie Soule, Rolf,
Toepfel'. and Ernest Anderson. ‘

 

 

Geo. D. Jeoney. Prop.

Boulevard Cafeteria
TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

DIII 5-l9l3

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

DO YOU SMOKE THE CIGARETTE THAT SATISFIES

iT’S magma; 

 

Definitely Milder, Cooler-Smoking

decidedly Boner-Tasting,

money can buy.

BUY LIBERTY BONDS _ THE tions into consideration. This is only ‘

BUYWAY TO BERLIN
LICK A STAMP TO LICK THE
KAISER

Hush, little thrift stamp,
Don't you cry;

You’ll be a war bond.

By and by!

FIGHT OR BUY BONDS!

B.

the second year of this experimental
publication. We expect to put it on v

permanent basis this year".

 

Pencil Announces Early issue

Betty Parrott, '41, Editor-ln-chief,
states that the college directory willi
be placed on sale by Thanksgiving!

5

CLEAN YOUR PLATE—SAVE Each copy will be sold for ten cents. |

FOOD!
Campus Gets Barracks

 

In the fall of 1918, the Student
Army Training Corps was first intro-
duced to the college. Under the sup-
ervision of the federal government,
a training camp was established on
the campus in which students who
were attending the college could at
the same time receive military train-
ing. A barracks and a mess hall were
built on the spot where the Milnc
School and Page Hall now stand.
At that time, there were about 110
men in the college. 0! them, ninety~
one passed their physical exams and
were admitted into the SATC. All
the men left as the News, which
wrote in an editorial commenting on
the formation of the SATC:

“ . . . there is but one course for the
young civilian to take. He should
enter college, faithfully perform his
duties here. and accept his glorious
opportunity for service. The need is
great. the opportunity is at hand.
and the men must. and will respond."

The war years at state College
were extraordinary ones. They pro-

 

 

m .m .5

Welcomes the Students of the
College Back to Albany

0
We hope you will l'll'lii it
convenient and sensible to
make Whit no y‘s your
shopping headquarters this
year.

WE WILL BE GLAD TO
SERVE You.

Copies of last year's directory will go ‘
on sale soon for five cents each.

 

 

  

BETTER MADE FOR BETTER SMOKING

Every Chesterfield must conform lo the one
righlsiondord of size and shape for a cooler,
boiler-lasting, definitely mildor smoke.

I ’ (Assaeninlilonewlillii"TOiiACCOlAND,U.$.A.“)

Chesterfield is one up on ’em all

Smokers say

that Chesterﬁeld is the one completely
satisfying cigarette. Everybody who
tries ’em likes ’em. Chesterfield’s
right combination of American and
Turkish tobaccos is the best that

Do you smoke
the cigarette that
SA TISFIES

  
  

‘1“, ----- .,

Copyright 1910. Lilian-r iii Mulls Tobacco Co.

 

  
    
 
   

 

 
 
   

 

State College

  

 

 

 

Z-443

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1940

VOL. XXV, NO. 5

 

Suspense Climbs
As New Queen
Disclosure Nears

Alternoon Lists Rivalry Tills,
Crowning, Stunts, Dance Slated
For Evening's Events

State’s twentieth annual Campus
Day will begin at 3:00 o’clock to-
morrow afternoon when women
rivalry events will take place on the
Page Hall campus. The feature at-
traction will be the coronation of
the nineteenth Campus Queen,
elected by the members of the Stud-
ent Association.

Other activities of the day will
include the first rivalry games be-
tween the freshmen and the sopho-
mores, skits by each of the four
classes. and dancing in the Page
Hall gym. Ralph Tibbetts, ’42, vice-
president of the Student Association,
is general chairman of the do 5
events.

Results are Secret

Six candidates for Campus Queen
were placed in nomination this
year. They are Beatrice Dower. Alma
Knowles Mary Miller, Miriam
Nowell, Lona Powell, and Madeline
Scesny, seniors. As usual, no one
except members of Myskania, senior
campus leadership society, know the
outcome of the election. Only when
the newly-elected Queen, with her
attendants, appears in the Richard-
son Hall doorway to the auditorium

at 8:00 P. M. will the secret be out]

Tile procession will then move to
the platform where last year‘s queen,
Jane Wilson, will crown her succes-
sor. Madalyn Beers, ’41. will super-
vise ihe procession.

Queen Entertaincd

Then, as entertainment for the
newly-crowned queen. each class
will present command stunt per-
formances. Robert Hertel, ’41, is in
charge of the stunts, while Enes
Novelli, '41, Ira Hirsll, ’42, Leo Flax,
’43, Robert White, ’44, are the class
directors.

Following the stunts, dancing to
the music of Bob Reid’s orchestra,
will terminate the day's activities.
Dancing will end at 12:00 P. M.
Freshman women will have late per-
mission until 1100 A. M.

The afternoon’s activities will be-
gin at 3:00 P. M. when freshman
and sophomore women will vie in
three rivalry “obstacle” races. One
rivalry point will be awarded to the
winner of each race. Lois Hailey,
’43, Pat Latimer, ’44, are the class
managers.

Pushbail Game

At 4:00 o'clock the giant pushball.
ten feet in diameter, will be rolled
out. and the freshmen and sopho-
more men will attempt to push the
ball from the center of the court
through their rivals' goal. The game
will be played in two periods of
five minutes each, the winners will
be awarded two rivalry points. Class
managers are Edward Reed, '43,
and Van Silultze, ’44. William Holler,
'41, will supervise the game and
John Bakny, Harold Duffy, Arnold
Ellcl'in, Gerald Saddlcmlre, seniors,
and Philip Kaufman, William Dick-
son, juniors, will act as Judges.

Pi Gamma Mu to Discuss
New High school Plans

Pl Gamma Mll, honorary Social
Studies society, at its Wednesday
meeting laid extensive plans for ll
pl'ogl'liiii curly in November ill which
all majors in Social Studies, includ-
ing graduate students, are invited
to participate.

This program is to be made up of
a thorough discussion of the social
study program in secondary schools.
Included under this topic will be
such items as: (1) “New Social
Study curriculum for the secondary
school" (2) “Regents examination"
and (3) "What is expected of new
teachers in the social study curri-
culum?"

 

 

 
   
   
 

eats
.v w  {a}?

Queen Beatrice I
Queen Alma I
Qlleen Mary I
Queen Miriam I
Queen Lona I

. Queen Madeline I

State Debaters
Announce Rally

Neophyies Tryout October 24,-
Vermoni Debate initiates
Prolix Varsity Schedule

Paul Gl‘attan, ’41, president of
Debate Council, announces an op-
portunity for all students to give
vent to their political enthusiasms.
‘In keeping with the present interest
in the coming presidential election.
Debate Council will sponsor a Town
Meeting October 31 at 8:00 P. M., in
the auditorium of Page Hail. Student
“campaign managers" will speak in
behalf of the various candidates.
There will be three or four speakers
and much “atmosphere”.
i

.i’in Poll Planned

“Pill Poll" will make its debut
at State at this meeting. This novel
‘poll consists of having two pieces
lol‘ cardboard, one with Willkie pins
.on it—tllc other having Roosevelt
’butt-ons. As each person enters, he
chooses a pill. Tile number of pins
‘ taken will be tabulated and the win-
1181‘ announced. Grattan promises a
fair election will; no “stuffing the
,ballot boxes." All students are in-
vited to aitcnd this old-fashioned
political rally.

Tryouts for freshman debate
squad will be held Thursday, Octo-
ber 24 at 3:30 ill Room 28 in Rich-
ardson Hall. Each candidate must
present a two minute speech on the
third term issue. All freshmen may
try out. Mr. Jones is coach of the
Freshman Squad. Debate Council
has appointed Janet Shorts, ’41, as

 

 

 

 

 

 

bate.
New Secretary

now at William Smith College. Harry
Passow, ’42, has been elected Pub-
lic Relations Counsel.

Varsity debate will hold its first
home intercollegiate debate on Nov-
ember 1 at 8:00 P. M. in the Lounge
of Richardson Hall. As yet neither
speakers’ topics have been selected
for this debate with the University
of Vermont. This meeting will be
the ﬁrst in the series of about eigh-
teen intercollegiate debates sched-
uled for this year. Debate Council
will also sponsor some ten intramural
contests.

 

 

CONFORMING-«wiib provisio

Merrill Walreiii, ’41,:5tudent Association President, registers.

student director of Freshman De_ for the position of Student Associa-

Gien Walmth’ v42, has been ap- Wednesday in the Commons.

pointed secretary of Debate Conn-i
cil. He replaces Dorthea Devins, '42, lJUt Oh by the Kunz supporters gave

iWilikie Wins OVer Roosevelt

 

 

.ROOSEVii-LT'S

 

 

’51"- DODULQRITV

 

 

 

 

 

 

115 Mon Register
W ilh Dru fl Board

One hundred fifteen State
men, both graduates and un-
dergraduates, over 21 years of
age, registered inst Wednes-
day, October 16, with the Col-
l loge Draft Board, set up for
I the convenience of the stud-
ents.

All those eligible for regis-
tration (lid so—ilo draft dodg-
crs at State.

Hirsli Defeats Kunz
By 10 Vote Margin

Ira Hirsh, ’42, defeated George
unz, '43. by a vote of 176 to 166

 

 

 

 

 

tion Songlcadel'. A total of 347 stud-
ents cast their ballots in the revotes
between Hirsh and Kunz, conducted

The last minute, whirlwind drive

evidence of the results that can ob-

tained by active support of a oandi- Students will be admitted for ten
date. Kunz gained 115 votes. while cents or student tax.

 

Hirsh, who had the advantage of
leading the singing in assembly for
four weeks, only increased 70 votes
from the original ballot results.

 

"By His Face Ye Shall Know Him”

semester plays have been cast. The
schedule for the rest of the semes-

 

Advanced Dramatics
Will Begin Season

Augustine and Evans Produce
'Dremaiic Gripping Epics'

 

The two initial productions of the
Tuesday night Advanced Dramatics

8:15 in Page Hall auditorium. Tom;
Augustine and Frank Evans, juniors,‘
are the respective produeers of twoi
“dramatic and gripping epics.” The‘
cast for Augustine’s play, a saga of
the sea and submarines, includes
Hyman Meltz and Louis Fink, sen-
iors; Vince Miller, '42; Byron Ben-
ton and Don Vanas, sophomores;
and Arthur Soderlind, ’44. Cast for
Evans' “restful” play is: Joe Withey
and Robert Jones, seniors; Roy Som-
mers, ’42; Rhona Ryan, Georgia
Hardesty and Robert Loucks, fresh-

men.
These presentations will climax
weeks of intensive preparation.

At least eight of the ten first

The complete first ballot result

was as follows:

llirsll . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 106

“on: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

ter includes the work of the follow-
ing Advanced Dramatics students:

 

in Close State College Vote

Mead Deleated;
State Opposes
The Third Term

Roosevelt Victory Probable
In November Elections;

Stale Tradition GOP

Wendell L. Willkie was elected
President of the United States last
week in the straw vote conducted-
by the S'mra COLLEGE News.
Willkie polled 48.8% of the votes
cast for the candidates of the major
parties. Franklin D. Roosevelt was
given 459% of the votes that were
cast. 0f the students of the college
who voted, 53.6% put themselves
down as opposed to the third term,
and 46.4% stated that they did not
object to it.

In the same straw vote, Bruce
Barton, Republican candidate for
United States Senator from New
York, defeated his Democratic rival,
James Mead, 301 to 246.

The presidential vote ill this elec-
tion is one of the closest that has
ever been returned in a State elec-
tion. Tile actual figures were: Will-
kie, 282; Roosevelt, 265. The votes
gathered by the minor candidates

 

 

lwcre as follows: Norman Thomas,
series will be presented Tuesday at non

 

’" ' Change in M Tenn.
"t- :M at M

70;.
as
us

40!-

 

 

 

od. Mo

19; Roger Babson, 8; and Earl Brow-
der, 2

The vote this year is in keeping

. . . with the tradition that State College
OCtObm 29' Hairy JOIdan and Rob' is always Republican in its politics.

Ye,

 
    

 

 

l‘o.\' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ltyursoll
Non-Ill
"lll’llli'

 

’l‘ollil

i

There will be ten plays presented

next semester, including the annual
spring production directed by Miss
Agnes Futterer.

SCA Sponsors Minister

in Series ol Lectures

 

 

Student Christian Association is

sponsoring a series of four classes on
the theme “The Life and Teach-

ilgs of Jesus Christ." The Reverend

Kenneth B. Welles, of the West-

ert Agne; November 5, Ruth Keeler

and Vince Miller; November 19' Only twice in all the polls that have
Louise deAngelis and Dorothea Mac-
‘_’ Isaac; December 3, Anna Catutti
and Tom George.

been taken at State since 1924 has
a Democratic candidate been elected
by the student body. State students
have elected Republicans to the
presidency in 1024, 1928. and 1932.
Polls were conducted at State in the
“off” years to determine the winners

 

  

ns ol the Selective Service Act,

 

ill the Lounge of Richardson Hail.
Newman Club meets again next
Thursday at 7:30 o'clock in New-
man Hall. Father Cahill, chaplain,
will open the meeting with Benedic-

 

of the gubernatorial elections, and
only once have State students failed
to elect a Republican to the gover-
ilorship.

Ill 1924. the State voters predicted
that Calvin Coolidge would be
elected to the presidency, and that
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt would
be made governor. Both these men
were Republican candidates. Al~
though Coolidge was elected to the
presidency, Colonel Roosevelt was
defeated by Al Smith. Ill 1920, State

minister Presbyterian Church in . d1 t - O -
Albany, leads the meetings on Mou-  €3,531]? bgdeelllexggs sigma]

(lily afternoons from 3:30 to 4130 Smith. Smith was reelected Gov-
Continucd on page 4, column 2

Freshmen Nominate President

At an organization meeting of the

tion. During the business meeting, freshman class Wednesda noon
Fi'ed Ferris» '42: Pre‘iident‘ Wm 00”" the following people were llosininated'
duct 8 discusston 0“ the tamed for president: Patricia Carroll, Rob-
constitution and 0n the Corporate art White, William Forrest. Daniel
Communion Breakfast scheduled for Hanley. Phillip Murphy,
October 27. Entertainment will fol- Loucks, Richard Young,

Robert
Lyman

 

low, then dancing and refreshments. Juokett, and Van Schultze.

 

 

 

