  
    
  
    
    
 
  
 

a n :ijn'

 :3: g

 

     
    
 
     
   
  

     
   
  

 

 
   
   
    
  
    
   
     
  
   
    
  
   
     
  

Page 2

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 1, 1940

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
Member

[Associated Collesioie Press

Distributor of

Colleaiaie Disest

'l‘he undergraduate Newspaper of New York State College
for Talc-hers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News

llourd representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373; llowe, 2-4314; Kowalsky. 2-1213;
Young, 5-1053; Gabriel, 3-0538

Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

vpostoffice

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVENT’SING BY
National Advertismg Servrce, inc.
College Publirbers Representative

42° MADISON AVE. NEW YORK. N. Y.
cameo - Boston - Los Moms - 51m Funcuco

THE NEWS BOARD

Orro J. Hown ...................................... .. Editor-in—C'hlef
LEONARD E. I{0WALSKY . C'o-Editor-in-Chicf i
SALLY E. Youno . .. Managing Editor 
BEATRICE Doqu Associate Editor '
S'rnrnen Kusmc . . Associate Editor I
JOHN MURRAY ...... .. . Associate Editor
SAUL Gannmvun ... .. News Editor ;
l

 

 

  
     

BETTY CLARK  ., ..  Sports Editor
MARY GAllftll-ll. ...... .. Business Manager.
Kunnnrn l-lAsIcII , .. Advertising Manager

THE NEWS STAFF !
Janus MALoNI-zv Men’s Sports Editor
SOPHOMORE DESK EDITORS
WILLIAM DouaaNt'Ic, JI'Nu l-IAIIsnAI/rnu, ANITA HOLM,
EDWIN Hons'rIcIM, CAlll. Manor'ro, l‘IAliiiY Passow.

JUNIOR BUSINESS STAFF

Ralph Clark. Beth Donahue, Miriam Newell, Evelyn
Olivct, Betty Parrott.

 

 

 

BnArRIcn A. DownR . Issue Editor

 

 

Open for Business

Confucius may or may not have said it, but
today’s assembly will be devoted to a business
meeting of the Student association. To the average
seat-owner in l’agc’s auditorium this may mean
one of several things: (1) a delayed lunch hour,
(2) a grand opportunity for reading the Stairs-
man as well as the usual NEWS, (3) a morning nap,
(4) an ideal time to cut the weekly gathering alto-
gethcr.

What does a business meeting mean to you?
It’s for you, you know, as well as the “other guy.”
Today we vote on three amendments to the con-
stitution. Have you bothered to read them, con-
sider them, and make your decision. or are you
going to stand up and vote only because you‘re
tired of sitting down and want to stretch? Don‘t
let the fililmstcrs and politicians do all the dis-
cussing get in there and say what you thinki
Who goes to school here, anyway? You do! Well,
all right . . .

‘ 1 . ’
Lets All Sing —-

Three or four cheers for Advanced lh'amatirs
if they were responsible for providing the excel-
lent musical entertainment between the two plays
last 'I‘ucsday night. liut a couple of hundred boos
to you if you were one of the highly impolite in
the audience, which expressed its appreciation by
I'cstlcssly squirming and jabbcring throughout.

Since it seems impossible to reform the listeners
themselves, perhaps those in charge could revise
the type of entertainment between plays. What's
the matter with the “community sing" idea? it
worked once before, we recall. Since the members
of the audience insist upon expressing lhctnsclycs
vocally while awaiting lill' rise of the curtain.
there's no reason why they shouldn't do it on a
larger, more unified scale. is there?

You Ten/f "Us

Are you bored with if all? llo you lie linliil'
nights onIdcring what to do and why? 'l‘hrn
Sink your lllllt‘ lct'lh into the following pI'oblt-Im

if you can find the r‘lllnh‘l'l'h you‘rt- br-llrr than
we are:

“'llalcvcr became of lih' "annual" firm-l; play
prescnlrd lwo years ago at ('onnnrutr-Int-nl time?
Why t'an'l we all well magazine» or fudgt- or Nillli“
thing and buy a fr-w lilil'ix'w for some of flu- Ilrapr-r
hail (‘lJIssI'ooIIhI‘ Win-I'l- did the propost-d honor
system go and why.” What's the reason for flu-

dilfcrcnrr in the number of minutes girls in dif-
fcrcnt group houses accumulate lit-fort- bring ram-
puscd? i'low (fill the traffic jam on the winding li-
brary stairs ht- regulator]? l‘lnough’ti‘ it’s too much
for us!

 

 

Pointed Matters .

Commentstater

“In an attempt to make a democratic distribu-
tion of offices and to prevent any student’s devoting
an unreasonable amount of his time to extra-cur-
ricular activities,” Student association adopted a.
point system several 'years ago. The association,
annually acknowledging the weaknesses of this
present system found in section 6 of the by-laws
of the constitution, has allowed it to exist, although
inadequately enforced and admittedly unjust, both
to office holders and potential office holders. To-
day, the association will receive recommendations
for a new system in assembly.

(1) The ratings, as provided now, have prevented
one person from exceeding a maximum of ten points.
Necessarily, some people, although capable of doing
more without endangering their academic activities,
have been required to give up a small office or
membership on a team.

(2) The number of points assigned each office
was evolved by an intricate mathematical formula.
The variables were (a) the number of hours spent
executing the duties of the office and (b) a factor
of prestige which was arbitrarily assigned. There-
fore, an unscrupulous person might easily keep his
office in the lower brackets by reducing the hour
variable.

(3) There has been considerable difficulty in en-
forcing the point system due to political expediency
and personal selfishness in office holders.

Proposed Plan

 

 

 

The new plan, which carries the title of “Major- 3

Minor Office Plan." is a sound approach to the set-
tlement of these three difficulties. The committee
climaxed its deliberations Monthly with a meeting
open to all activities concerned.

It proposes to repeal Section (1‘ and to strike
out the fourth clause of Section 2. Article V, of
the State College Student Association Constitution
which assigns the duty of enforcing the point sys-
tem to Student council. One important section of
the recommendations provides that the power of en-
forcement be given to Myskania.

The new method will provide two classifications
of offices; namely, major offices and minor offices.
Provision has been made that offices or membership
in other activities not included under the two group-
ings be understood to bc unclassified. Any person
can hold one major office and any unclassified of-
fices he desires, or he may hold two minor offices
and any number of the unclassified.

Secondly, since this system is based on outside
observation of each activity (although each activity
head has been consulted for his suggestions). the
system will prevent digital manipulations.

’l‘his looser structure, it is believed, will permit
a person in a major position to hold a smaller office,
thereby correcting the first objection.

Last, by incorporating the enforcement of the
system with Myskania's certification power it is
hoped to accomplish a democratic, fair distribution
of offices.

The Critic

Any member of the larger than usual audience
attending this week's Advanced Dramatics plays will

A

i

probably remember Tuesday, February 26. as thei

date Joe Withcy gave his anti-war ploy, “Bury the
Dead.“ Actors. director and hard-working members
of the stagccraft crew deserved the applause they
received and more besides. We were glad to see them
strive for effects; the flashes of light and rumble
of cannon, the silhouettes on the wall, the radio
voices. the music, the convincing stillness of thc corp-
:scs all combined to find and sustain the mood. Indi-
vidual parts Were well-cast. Hy Meltz. part soldier.
part philosopher; Roy Sommcrs. the irate, inef-
fectual general; Joe Blackburn. a soldier who thinks.
too; the women, Mary Miller, Anne Rattruy, Mari-
lyn Grol‘f. and Kay Wilson. giving the feminine slant
on war; the difficult parts of the corpses who gave
meaning to words without. movement or facial ex-
pression; in fact. not a badly—played part among the
twenty.

The audience, literally sitting on the edges of
their seats. waited oXpt-ctnntly and eagerly from one
“spot” to the next. The play was long but never
dragged once. The few flaws in timing were over-
shadde by the unity and suspense held throughout.
The most dramatic moments Were the conversations
belww-n the corpses and llll'll' "womcn" where pci'sonul
emotion become stronger than the sociological idea
behind lhc action. All in all. a vital. linu-ly play pre—
sented effectively Willi that ccrlain “punch.”

in contrast to the sturknt-ss of the battlefield was
the blue and while i?) living—room scene of "(Quality
lem't" directed by llaltic Conklin. A t'lmrnnng.
wr-ll-roundcd In-rfoI'Inant-c, llh best lthht'l was the |)lll'l‘
of tho action. l...\'dIu llond and Shirley Van Vulkcn—
burg gave their usual lnu- nur-I'prclutitms. The now—
('Ulllt'l‘, (fool'ng Scll'crl. has a good voice and all in—
teresting eyebrow. We would harm enjoyed seeing his
eyes. too. if he had glyen us a chance. The set was
hardly dainty enough for the atmosphere of "Qualify
Street" but the costumes redeemed it in part.

011 the whole. the plays seemed to carry out com-
plclf‘ly the most. important phase of the dramatlcs
course that of oxpcrimcntution in new fields. We.
should particularly like to see further use of light-
ing effects in setting the mood of a play.

(the Riplnmat

Last week seemed to have been
an off week for everyone, including
Ye Diplomat, but things seem to
have been perklng up lately. We
saw Kelly solving a few problems
a week ago tonight. but it was
purely business. After all, Mary
Jeanne may have wanted to inves-
tigate the EEP situation.

Certain statistics have been re-
ceived from the Bell Telephone com-
pany about the peculiar phoning
habits of SCT students. Walden.
it seems. waits up until 1:00 a. m.
before he whispers his words of
love via the line. John, doesn’t;
she get in until then? Vanas, of
course, is also peculiar_ never mak-
.ing a call under an hour and thirty
minutes, an endurance record;
while Curly Taylor whispers his
love words in a tone so soft that
she doesn‘t need the phone to
hear them.

Reacting the newspapers We see
astrologists taking cracks at the
coming year. so what harm is there
iln our “star” gazing?

We see Kaufman. losing his
"greml"—ncss and taking girls to
[College house, maybe even to to-
‘night‘s shindig—Tabncr still sing-
ling “Arndt We Faithful?" —.
l“Smoothy" Singer getting smoother
and smoother—“Cutey Pic" Millcl‘
getting cuter and enter as his in-
terests become TOOlel't——H01‘tcl fl-
.nally realizing that. Blackburn is
[compotition—Sprague Tynan her-
self down to one—Stan being Fa-i
ville Forever to Lucille—Max still‘
exercising his Sykes—Appeal on lhci
blondcs ~ Another Thin—Man-Ma-
loncy keeping that (late at Her—
bert's-Murray's slogan getting to
be State’s by-word:

“I'm not perfect, I'm just good.
ask me!" You could do it too with
6 A's—Tho News Board will not. go
to see th Empire State building
iwhile in New York.

Stuff in General:

Didn't Walrath and lebctts do
well at the sophomore party. A
Scarlett blondc and a bewitching
brunettcl—Sigma Lambda has in—
augurated a new parlor game . . .
The girls paddle the guys of their
choice. Pete Fulvio, now called the
Unpopularity Kid. suggested it.
Gardephe seems to have made the
North haul. now. Hard to keep
up with these things.

Stuff, to Finish

Some of these fellows remind you
of John Roosevelt while he was at
Harvard. He always got home from
parties just in time to go to class
in his tux. . . Kluge hasn't had
his name in this column for a long
time. Can't anyone think of any-
‘thing interesting about Kluge?
iAddress to the News.

 

 

 

 

 

Hellenics

 

 

 

This week again more pledges,
singed a little, perhaps. by their
week's sojourn in another region,
are safe at last in their respective
fraternal homes. At formal ini-
tiation last Saturday. SLS gathered
in fifteen new members; Maurice
Johnson and Charles Reynolds.
sophomores; George Kunz, Tom
O‘Connor. Andy Takas, Mac Cap-
pon. Cliff Swanson. Ted Kosinski,
Don Vanas. Curly De Nike. Bob
Laurer, Eugene Guerlno. Luke Zil-
les, and Walter Grzywacz. frosh.

Their formal initiation was fol-
lowed by a banquet at which Dr.
Sisk was made an honorary mem-
ber.

Kappa Beta had already inducted
some of its pledges. but it con-
ducted formal initiation service last
Monday night for Moose Gerber,
'42. who was unable to attend the
previous ceremony.

Sunday Psi Gamma initiated Mary
Irving and Jane Williams. sopho—
mores. Carolyn Burrows. Dorothea
Fisher, Marie Bailic. Una Under—
wood. and Clarice Weeks. freshmen.

This Sunday Dennis Dole. '41.

Bill Phipps. Owen Bombard Curly
,Taylor. Bob Leonard. Warren Wag-

ner. Herb Lcnckcr and Jack Smith.

.freshmen. will take the vmvs of

KUR. After the service there will
be a banquet at Jack‘s restaurant.
with Mr. Swankcr as guest speaker.

Next, Monday morning will see
the white rose of Kappa Delta on
.lean Buckman. Doris Sutton. Emily
Blasiar, Shirley Long. Jeanette
Becker. Jane Curtis. Muriel Sco-
vcll. Shirley Eastman. Lois I-Iaflcy.
Mildred Matlicc. Betty Marston.
and Janet Lcet. freshmen pledges.

And speaking of pledges, Shirley
Ott. Mildrch Studlcy. and June
Sample are now wearing the pledge
pin of Psi Gamma. Ellen Swarthout.
'43. has taken the first vows of
Gamma Kap. and Charles Trimm,
'43. has promised SLS.

There are a few Leap year parties
this week; so boys. cross your fingers
and hope for an invite to Gamma
Kap. Sigma Alpha or AEPhi.

This last weekend saw many old
faces back in town. There were
Virginia Bolton. ‘39, and Stella
Sampson. ’38. at Psi Gamma; and
Joyce Maycock. '39. at the house
on 303 Quail street. Grct Jackson
Rice, ‘38. parde her luggage at
Sigma Alpha last week and renewed
old friendships. Kay Lynch. ’39.
dropped in to say hello to her Chi
Sig sisters, and Marg Mattison. ‘39.
was welcomed back to KD. Phi
Lambda opened its doors to Mary
Markham. '36.

 

which will be \\‘lll|ll1‘l1l upon request.

Communications

The NIGHS llhhlllllt‘H no l'i‘hllnllhilillllit‘H for communlculions printed III
thin t-oiumu. All i'ibllllllllllii’lllllllIH Inn-d hour the slguulurr- of thr- IIIIllIor

 

 

To the readers of the News:

As the Alumni association pledg-
ing drive gathers momentum, every
senior will be approached for a
substantial pledge to be used to
build a combined field house and
men's dorm. This is not an oe-
caslon for blind action it behooves
every senior to consider very thor-
oughly where his money-to-bo-we-
hope is going. We all, of course,
want to see a new building going
up for State, and We want to do
our utmost to assure a bigger. bet-
ter State college, when we graduate
and find our places "in the pus-
ture." A field house would ful-
fill this doslrc but would a men‘s
dqun'.’

1 Inn not at all convinced that
the desirability of building a men's
dorm is as generally oonoodedi
among tho student. body as it. is'
arIsunu-d to be, III the lust twoI
Weeks 1 have talked this over wilhj
dour-nu of State college mcn, lillll'
they were unanimous in their ('lll~
lllililll' opposition. The most im-
porlanl reasons for the opposition
to this doI'In lll'l' as follows:

1. it will mean the eventual. if
not lhc immediate dissolution of
all fraternities and group houses.
l‘th'll under the five year plan
lhvrc will still not be enough men
on the campus to fill both a dornr
and our present facilities. ()nc orl
the other Would have to go guess;
which ‘

2. Room and board rates would
be prohibitive. ’i‘ho hard-hit pock—

 

 

 

etbook of the average State col-
lege man simply could not stand
the strain.

3. it would he a hardship to our
commuters, who would be wilhout
a place to "stay over" a night or
two in Albany.

-l. it would very definitely af-
fect the morale of the male stu-
dent body instead of living on
the cornierativc democratic basis
which is concomitant with small-
group living, they will become, in
effect. more hotel—guests, not on-
_jo_vlng the privileges of running
their own affairs, managing their
own finances, submitting to their
own discipline and maintaining the
democratic ideals to which State
college, both students uIld faculty
stand so «ll-finitely committed.

Now hear in mind nobody op-
posos building a fine new field—
housc, to contain gym, little thou-
trc, bowling alleys, ole. that's a
finc thing and fllla a crying need.
lint we do not feel that the con—
sll‘urlion of a men's dormitory,
with the accompanying lllltlt'l‘llllll-
ing' of our present h'_\'.\ll'lll of group
and l'I'nlI-I'nnl living, is for the
lliilllllill‘ good of the r'tudr- ‘l hotly.

So let's see a big turnout at Mon-
day ninht's meeting (Iriditor's note,
see page if and everyone make it
clear that We are most. desirous of
putting this pledging (aunpnign
over. with a bum,r but for a field-
house, not a dorm!

Very sincerely,
iiob Karpen.

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, MARCH 1, 1940

Page 3

 

 

Maloney’s Baloney

 

 

 

 

J.R.M.

STATE bullets may yet be mowing down the Russians on the Manner-

hcim line if the dream of a certain "Union, RPI, Sicna, State rooter“
and iS'ChCliCUlttdy Union Star correspondent is by some miraculous pos-
sibility realized.

Such a rootcr wrote Dan Duval, sports editor of the Star, last week.
Proposing a post-season cage tournament this year, throwing State,
Union, RPI, and Sicna together for the benefit of the Finnish Relief
fund. Says his letter:

“Why can‘t these four natural rivals be matched in a post-season‘
tournament? Union meets neither State nor Siena during the regular
season while RPI plays only Union and State. Both State and Siena
would like a crack at the Dutchmen, while RPI would be far from opposed
to a third scrap. ltl'l may also enjoy a chance to take on Siena. State
is confident that it has a chance against the Union five since it beat
McGlll which in return beat the Garnet by more than ten points. Siena
swamped Norwich which finally lost to RPI after three overtime periods,
47—15."

According to the anonymous "Union, RPI, Sicna. State rootcr.” the
tournament should consist, of two games the first night with the winners
clashing on the second. It seems to us that the only logical match-up
for the first night games would be State vs. Union and Siena vs. RPI
in the light of the McGill and Norwich angles. Mightva‘, append the
suggestion that the "District Intercollegiate Basketball Tournament" be
played at the Albany Armory. Two Albany teams llf1\'c been suggested
as contestants. Troy and Schenectady are within a ten-mile radius.
With four vicinity student bodies to draw from. pills life outside interests
which such a IoanuImcnt should arouse. it seems that there would be
lllllt‘ difficulty in filling the drillshrd to capacity each night.

The idea stated by “Union, Ri’l. Hit-nu. State roofer" is an admirable
one indeed. it must be rerm-mbered, however. that no plans have been
laid; this has been merely one individual's suggestion, waiting for some-
one to take up the cry. Might We suggest that, even in spite of the odds
against such a tournament becoming a reality, the. cry come from State.
The idea has already spread. Roy Shudt. in his 'I'I‘oI/ [\‘J't'orrl sports col-
umn (his wrek joined his voice with that of Dan l)uval in zit-claiming such
:1 tulllln'y.

So to itl‘l. Slcna. and imperially llnion how about it? l’lctlnc note.
Cuttl'til'tflt)lNlNZ we IItII‘r' beaten Mctlill and Niagara lof Niagara!)

PPARENTLY our minor—shall we say slip—cl“ last week in charging

the trash with a defeat at the hands of Delhi in a game they really
won. .‘scrrcd to prod the yearlings on to victory over ABC and in the sec-
ond Delhi game. In fact. we’re so apologetic after those brilliant games
that \vc'vc gotten our master statistician, Phil Kaufman. to dig up ovi-
(lcnce to show the l‘rosh better than the varsity. it's like this.

The boys in green and white downed ABC Saturday night, 29-26.
ABC has beaten Green Mountain Junior college, 49-46. leaving the l‘rosh
six points better than the lVIountaincers. Green Mountain lost to the
Sieua varsity. 59-51, making our frosh two points under Siena. Siena
trimmed the. State varsity 52-45 on January 5. The sum total: the fresh
are five points better than the varsity! Satisfied now, fresh? Stop
heckling us!

Seriously, though, the frosh have been playing a very different brand
of ball in these past few games. A win over the RPI fresh, and we‘ll
actually call 'cm good. By no means has Hansen been hindering the
team in that. new brand of ball.

The curtain will ring down tomorrow on another State court cam-
paign as well as on five college basketball cmccrs. ’l‘o Ii‘ramcnt, Sim—
mons, Kluge, llavko, and Barrett lotsn luck! Despite the fact that
Rl’i has run up an excellent record this season, tomorrow night's should
be a hotly-contested clash between the old rivals.

Hard-working Chess Team Coes
Down to Defeat for First Time

.03.
‘30 hours for the six-man team or,
about five hours per man. Thirtyl

hours of pure brain work! Andi

 

State‘s chess squad suffered its
first. defeat of lllc year last Thurs—
. v . or i v . , v . ‘ )
(y-I,‘,l,‘\,,,‘,l,:;dDREI‘IWSE, [’11)];  , the (lay after a tough match with.
:5. Yes. we said Thursday and Fri—lumol” Slu'ely a" exmbmon, 0‘
(my. Tm, “mm, bum“ on rI.humduy.stannna and. endurance not often
night at flztlll o'clock and continued I500“ 0“ (“Huge cump”scs~
until George the janitor threw the ’l‘hclr good showing against NYU
teams out of the Lounge at mid— has built up their reputation. since
night. Play was resumed on li'riday,NYU has been rated as the third
“rm-norm up In one of the com- _ best team in the country. The NYUJ
Incrcc department, rooms.

t

This I players admitted that this had bcvll
session lasted for another four hours one of the hardest matches that
till Slew Shaw, the last man play- [boy have ever played.
int: for State. finally resigned. The record of the squad now
This M'ls 21 100111 l‘l‘l'm'li if)“ “1“ nllllklh at four Willa and one loss.
longest chess gunn- playcd. It lasted rpm. “MUMPS hm... both“ would
for n lnlal of eight hours actual “mm”, pump“. Colgate, Union,
Illlll'illl'» lilllt‘. Willi “'1 l‘llllm“l “in” and l‘il’l. Three other hunches
(,1 33 hum-.5, Art Fox's gann' with have bccn definitely scheduled by
[l'y‘nm lily-tsp. l]llllli)l‘l' one man for John lloosr'. '-ll. raptuin-mumlgcr.
thr- Vloit'l-\ ill-“it'll “’1‘ “ ““W 5"“ (tornoll and (lrcrn Mountain Junior
hours and Hull i’Illlllll. “1“ “1115‘ rollogr- arc romlng here to play,
Hlall- man who won his. game. pol— “my 51”“, m “(mm to 001m“. 1,”.
Inhrd oIf ills olfINHN‘ll' 1” ill“ “ a return llllllt'll
lllllr‘ (H't'l' lln'rc hours.

Purple and Gold
Bows to Speedy
St.  Outfit

College House Beats
KDR in Crucial Game

Potter Holds Second Spot
With Win Over Ramblers

 

 

College house continued on the
victory trail in the men’s intramural

Frament only Bright Spot,basketball league by defeating both

in Colorless Contest;
Havko injured

State dropped its seventh game of
the current season last Saturday
to an extremely fast St. Michael‘s

team by a 55—40 score. The visitors'

ran the Purple and Gold into the
ground in the first half as they
built up a 34-16 lead by the inter-
mission. State came back to close

KDR and Robin ball during the past
week. KDR in losing to the Central
avenue boys dropped out of a sec-
ond place tie with Potter club.
Potter strengthened its hold on sec-
ond place by swamping the Ram-
blers.

The KDR-College house game,
Tuesday night, was one of the hard-
est fought of the year. Square Car-
ney kept College house in the lead
all the way with his long shots.

the gap to 9 points in the closingIThe KDR boys didn’t seem to be

sessions. but faded in the late min-
utes.

P‘rament‘s six baskets in the clos-
mg period on about as many shots
gave him scoring honors on the

 

able to find the basket at all as
they wound up on the short end of
a 22-11 score.

Ace Parker’s brilliant scoring was
the highlight of the SLS—Avalon-

Slate side and kept the team with— , Silencer E’ﬂme MOIldﬂM Parker EOiG
in reach of the victors for a while. a total of 22 points, the largest

Bad Breaks

Brauner‘s fancy pivot opened the
scoring. but the visitors ran up an
curly lead with four C(mscculive
baskets. Stale braced and the two
teams battled up to a 13-12 count.
The next few minutes saw the home
ll‘lllll fold and give St. Michael’s
a ten point lead. At. this slagc.

‘hu substitutes were coming in thick‘

and fast. The boys had no chance
to get settled and were confronted
by an 18—point deficit, when half-
time rolled around.

Just. about. everything in the way
1‘ bad breaks hit the Teachers in
the first half. Havko was cut over
the eye and had to en’l his activities
for the evening. while stringent of-
ficiating—putting it politc1y~lcft
half the team with two or more fouls
'l(‘l' man. The St. Michael marks-
manship throughout the half was
little short of phenomenal.

Second Half

what as closely as possible resembl-
ed the regular starting five—sans
Havko and Ellcrin — and shortly
had the crowd thinking it would be
a ball game yet. Led by Framcnt.
the team whittled the St. Mike's
load to nine points. but that was as
far as it could go. About then the
fourth personal caught up with
some of the boys and the cause
was lost.
sale substitutions had the team
wearing a groove in the floor be-
tween the bench and the scorer.

WAA Council Proposes

Amendment on Awards

An amendment to the WAA con-
stitution revising the athletic awards
system was formulated by WAA
council at its meeting in the Pine
room at the Dorm Wednesday night.

The amendment proposes that two
awards be given to the girls who
participate in the sports offered.
After earning credit in four sports
for the year. freslnncn would rc-
cclve their class numerals in their
class colors. After the third year
of activity. girls would receive a key
with the WAA seal on it. The. three
years for eligibility would not nec-

essarily have to l)(- consecutive,

There would be no reward for
four years participation.
As it is now. the only award given

by WAA is a skin with the WAA seal! -

stamped on it. A girl receives this
after three years‘ participation in
four sports per year.

 

OTTO R. MENDE
"’I‘lIr- t‘ollr'g/c Jr‘u'r'lt'r"
l03 Central Ave. Albany. N. Y.

 

.lolIn lltura‘. plaHnu at llu- num—
lwr lill'l‘t' board. lost to Morris Wt-ilr.
In lllnl a lllllt' longer period. .liIn
(illlan not a draw III aboul two
hours. while ltoy Sonnncrs lnannncd
Io get one In last four hours even. ,

'l'lu- apt-.I'I-nalr- lllllf‘ r.|)t‘lll playing "‘W“ .WW' llillllldl'y i
chess III the Slate—NYU match was (‘alleri for and Delivered

'“‘ IncasoNAInaI RA'I‘ns
WiLLlAMS LAUNDRY
3-5482

See “Elv” Williams, '42
for particulars

Men and Women of State

 

 

STATE STUDENTS . . .
[fat and Save at the . . .

[DEAL RESTAURANT

1 Central Ave., Cor. Lurk

MADISON SWEET SHOP

Home Made ice Cream
and Lunches

 

785 Madison Avenue

3 Doors from Quail St.

75-0733 We Deliver

 

 

 

 

Toward the end. whole—t

,
f
I
l
.

l

 

Men’s Intramural Basketball
“'on Lost

(‘ullogn- lloum- . , . . . . . . . . .. ii 0
l’ottr-r ('luh . . . , . . . . . . . . .. ti 1
Kuppn Delln Itlm . . . . . . .. ti ‘5
liumlrlors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. i It
Hig’mn launhdu Sigma .... It -|
Robin llull . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ‘3 Al

(irmin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 5

Fl‘oall . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . L! i')

.\ rhino-Spencer . . . . . . . . . ., 2 fl

Kappa "Pill . . . . , . . . . . . . .. l (l

 

individual score of the year. SLS
Won the game in the lost minutes
with 49 points to Avalon-Spencer's
45.

Last Thursday, College

Frosh Meet RPI

in Season Finale

Yearling: Overwhelm Delhi;
Gain Victory Over ABC
As Hansen Stars

 

 

The green and white clad fresh-
men of State will meet the junior
Trojans of RPI tomorrow night on
the Page hall court in the final
game of the season.

This contest will be colored by
all the traditional rivalry between
the two schools. The play should
be made more bitter by a desire
for revenge on the part of the
Teachers who lost the first game
in Troy by a score of 38-31. The
freshmen are now in the midst of
a three-game winning streak and
they don’t want to see the string
broken.

Fresh Swamp Delhi

Over the past weekend, the frosh
managed to win their third and
fourth games at the expense of
Delhi and ABC. On Friday night
the yearlings traveled to Delhi and
came home with a 53—38 victory on
their string. Hansen was the shin-
ing light of this contest as he roll-
ed in a total of 20 points. Gerber
jand Bora were next high with 9
and 8 tallies respectively. The Green
and White took command of the
game at an early stage and were
never headed. At half-time, the
statesmen were leading 28-20.

Upset ABC

The following night. the Teachers

met a high-flying Albany Business

 

housclcollcgc outfit and clipped their

swamped Robin ball by a mammoth I Wings to the tune of 29—26. This

score of 54-14.

Phil Kaufman was win was rather startling since ABC

high for the winners with 14 LalllCS.‘llf1(l run up a total of 101 points
The second game saw the t‘roshlagalnst St. Joseph's of Bennington

barely nose out SLS by a score of§on the preceding night.

Meliskl,

37—35. Al Octkcn was high for the ABC center, had 43 points against

frosh with 14.

Kappa Beta finally got rid of tallies by the Teachers.

St. Joseph’s but was held to 12
Hansen

,that goose-egg in the win columnagain proved his scoring ability as
State opened the second half with'on Monday night by beating the‘he tallied 10 points. Bora and Flax
Grads 15-13 in an overtime game. came next with 7 and 5 respectively.

i
i.
.
L

l .

 

 

      
  

good to get where it is...
the drink that people the
world over enjoy. . .wintcr
. .. summer. . .cvery day in
the year. Its clean, exhila-
rating taste brings a happy
after-sense of complete rc-
freshmcnt that everybody
welcomes.

 

Delicious and

Refreshing I

5¢ 

 

5
THE PAUSE THAT REFR‘

Bottled under authority of’l‘lic Coca-Coin Co. by

ALBANY COCA-COLA

226 No. Allen St.

BOTTLING CO., lNC.
Albany, N. Y.

 

  

