~é'isztsczmcm‘ « < 3242.

 

. ....<.;-az....m....t......... ...._.. .. ...._ .

7,3,»... ..

 

 STATE COLLEGE NEWS :32:
1, Emblnhcd May, 1916
By the Clan of 1910

Friday, October 18, 1040 No. 5
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate neWspnper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
your by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.

Telephones: Office, $9373; Murray, 2-0888; Clark, 4-0373
Entered as second class matter Albany, N. Y., postofjicc.

Vol. xxv

IIPIIIINYID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINO IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
Cullen PIN-'15:" Rewamutiw
420 MADIION AVI. NEW YORK. N. Y.
CHICAGO ' MI‘IOI ' I.“ ‘..'l-II ' 5A. 'IAICII“

The News Board

JOHN A. MURRAY .. _ EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BEATRICE A. DOWER - _. _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUSAK ._ _ CO-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK _ _ BUSINESS MANAGER
BETTY PARROTT _ ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY _ .. _ SPORTS EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PASSOW _ _. ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

@‘m

All communications should he addressed lo the editor find

out he signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns" or communlcntions,
as such expressions do not necessarily reﬂect Its view.

The Queen is Deadl

Sit:’——-——-—. feel you no content
Reflectingr on II life well spent?
~lonulhun Swift

Tomorrow writes ﬁnis to the eventful reign of
understanding, popular, and beautiful Queen Jane
I. Tomorrow will see her crown placed on the brow
of the Nineteenth Sovereign. May her reign be as
wise and as beneficent.

Long Live the Queen!

 

Epistulary Regurgitation

Did you read today’s communication to the Editor
of the STATE COLLEGE NEWS? i did. I had to.

D&A’s points were well taken, even though an
inordinate amount of space was used in “taking
them”. This editorial might well be written as a
parallel answer to the Council’s rcply. And thus
the exchange would proceed prolix and ad museum.

For the sake of the records, let's assume the fol-
lowing:

1. Cornelia Otis Skinner was good. Very good.

2. The Official seating capacity of ’age Hall is
1,050. It took seats in the aisles to amass the D&A
total of 1,110. Albany High seats 1,166 comfort-
ably. With seats in the aisles, it could have accom-
modated many more.

3. Concerning the acoustics which the NEWS did
not mention: Shall we compromise by saying they
are, to say the least, “abominable”. Evidently the
faculty members who allege Page Hall’s acoustics

~ superior to Albany High’s have never been seated
"under our balcony, and are at loggcrheads with Miss

Futtercr and Dr. Candlyn, chief acoustic-decricrs.
4. The reason why the Student Association (lit
not hear Miss Skinner was "Page Hall was too
small.” In other words, the association was not thcrc.
5. 081A is good. Very good. Their letter said as
much. It is not a “poster-hanging” organization.
Who said it was?

6. [)&A “missed the boat” again. The only point
of “l)&A—»-A Study in Myopia” was thiszNo mat-
ter what artist is secured, are we or the peo-
ple of Albany to come first?

The Last Straw

Nor do they cum ll struw
~~l)un Quixote, Cermmtes

Someone tried to get a straw to drink a Coca-Cola
“with” and was unsuccessful. The dispensers told
him that too many straws were being used; thus
drinking from the bottle is necessary.

Now to many this means nothing, but to others
who think that drinking from a bottle is undigni-
tied, it is a social injustice.

Straws are mostly made of spacc; space is cheap,
It can be obtained from such convenient spots as
empty library shelves and between the prongs and
pickets of forks and fences.

The rest of a straw is paper. ’apcr is strewn
about our streets and desks. Thousands, nay mil-
lions, of men are unemployed and could easily be
induced to gather refuse inexpensively.

Put all the above factors together and the dearth
of straws seems quite ridiculous, doesn’t it? Let’s
ease the pain of the socially alert, Annex, and give

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, I940

Snooks, Sings, Skivy

 

rumor
MICHIGAN?
FAMED
WilllE IIESTOII

To 1905!

“so”

 

@- ,, I889!

~ .
I‘ ah. 1"“
.1 we - I -

c y n ,
'53..- ..

i

E . _ ,‘

'SKiW“ DAVIS.
OKLAHOMA UNIVERS‘TIY. KICKED

/§; 23 com AFTER ToucHDowu9

/ $011 a "\l ONE GAME, SEPT. 29‘19i7.
 Wm . _.%-c.

RAM 210
YARDS FORA
TOUCHDOWN.
LEHIGH v. LAFAYEITE
RAN 1N THE

HE
WRONG DIRECTION
CIRCLED THE GOAI:
POSTS‘, AND
BACK AGAIN THE
LENGTH OF THE
FIELD!

or .k
bl ' I
,.

 

 

To the Editor of the Nuws: 1

We of the Council feel that lasti
week's News editorial criticizing the
Skinner production was unfaiiﬂ
Clearly the NEWS did not investigate
the matter very thoroughly or it
would not have made such state-
ments. D and A wishes to give you
another side of the story. 

“The Albany High school wouldi
have been the ideal solution." 1

Our auditorium seated 1110 people,
on that night; Albany High seats
1166. Furthermore inquiries from
reliable members of the faculty have
proved that the acoustics of the A1-
bany High auditorium are fright—
fully poor, so much so that few or-
ganizations in town will rent it. It
is true that fire lawa were broken
on this occasion but since they have
been broken consistently on Gradua-
tion and Moving-Up Day by people
in higher authority. we fail to see
why criticism should fall on us.

“An unjustifiable number of seats
were reserved.”

In past years the Council has been
bringing you two little-known ar-
tists each year. Of course few out;-
sidc seats were sold. Students who
came were assured of good seats,
but so few supported the produc-
tions that the number of empty seats
was a disgrace to the performer.
This year, we decided to take a chance
and adopt a new policy. We signed
Miss Skinner at a price which was
equal to that of both the fall and
spring productions combined. It was
necessary to sell those seats to earn
enough money to give you another
top rate performance in the spring.
We accomplished that aim.

 

D&A Discusses D&A

Communication

The term “Student Association”
was too generally used. Students in
the back whom we have consulted
said they could hear perfectly. Miss
Skinner is an accomplished enough
performer to be heard in our audi—
torium. In fact. she remarked upon
the responsiveness of the audience.

“Not enough time was given for
students to exchange tax tickets."

Student tax tickets wan on sale

to day alter reserved seats were put

on sale. As usual, students did not
heed the announcement in assembly
to please exchange tickets early.
Reserved scats quickly ovcrsold the
student tickets, and we closed the
table as an announcement that the
auditorium was full. However. no
student with a tax ticket was re-
fused admittance on the night of
the performance.

Perhaps we were mistaken in our
judgment of the student body, but
We thought we were doing a good
job in bringing to the Association
two high-priced artists instead of
two unknown ones as before. Per-
haps students would rather come to
hear unknown artists and be sure of
front seats because no one in Albany
will buy tickets. We are open to
criticism of a certain kind but, in
the instance of last week's ans,
We feel that such a statement was

not only unfair. but did not repre-
sent the opinion of the student body

 

Pomp and Circumstance

——-————"The Commentsteter

The audience in Page turns restlessly in the seats;
some chew fingernails, others wave fragments of paper,
and the majority Whisper to their neighbors—then
suddenly the hum of voices dies down—the piano
strikes up the majestic chords of “Pomp and Circum-
stance". and the audience cranes its collective neck.
Through the doors of the hall come the ladies-in-
waiting, smiling sedately and keeping in time to the
music, and behind them, proud, head erect, eyes glls-
tening with joy, steps the Quecnl

To the upperclassmen of State, the above paragraph
strikes a familiar chord in their memory—and in the
freshmen it arouses a burning curiosity as the entire
college awaits the advent of Campus Day, 1940.

steeped as it is in the traditions of State College,
Campus Day is a. fitting prelude to the school year;
this is the day the freshman and sophomore classes
declare war on each other—breaking each
other’s necks over that monstrosity we can
a “pushball.” It is a day replete with ath-
letic events, class stunts (good ones—we
hope) and dancing, climaxcd, of course,
by the coronation of the Campus Queen.

But Campus Day. 1940, comes at the close of a week
fraught with significance—in the week marked by
registration for the draft. Who knew but that, be-
cause of lack of men in each class. next year may ﬁnd
the freshmen and juniors pitted against the sopho-
mores and seniors in inter-class rivalry?

l a I a a

How many students remember an item in one of last
year‘s Commrmslutcrs decrying the lack of an orches-
tra here at State—not a symphony orchestra. but a
swing band? It was a good suggestion, but it Went
the way of all radical suggestions while the college year
took its usual course. But that’s one of the fallacies
of the human being—given a thought-provoking sug-
gestion, he calmly absorbs it until some other more
energetic human being takes up the idea and promotes
it. Then the former wakes up, proclaims it a good
idea. and jumps on the bandwagon.

Now. in a college which can produce sufficient musi~
clans to make up a very good symphony orchestra,

Campus

‘ there must be enough " 'gators" and ‘cats' who can get

together and create that hodge-podgc of the musical
scale called "swing." Surely. there is some
State member of the undergraduate body with
Swing enough leadership and ability to bring
Band these dormant jitterbugs together for a
jam session now and then. It would be a
pleasure to see our own band in the Commons of a
Friday afternoon. playing melodies for students, tired
after a week’s session with studies. I hope that the
band which played at last year's basketball games
will be brought together again for this season. It
certainly was inspiring to hear college tunes briskly
played bctwccn halves and quarters of the game. Now
let's have more of the same this year.
9 a 1| O I

The Commons has once again become the college’s
social center at noon. what with the repairing of the
vic. What we once mistook for kilocycles gone mad
has becn transformed into muzzle ~.‘.'147(.'(!t music. This
brings to mind the recorded concerts which SCA spon—
sored last year during the exam periods. Now. as a
mime-lover, I have racked my brain to find out any
possible reason why these fine concerts cannot be

continued throughout this school year. We

Music could have, let us say, one hour a week
For devoted to the classics. The Lounge would
Modems be an ideal spot for such a concert, pref-
. crably at Friday noon, or if this is not
feasible, at some later hour in the afternoon, when
students would like to relax after classes. I’m sure
there are enough music—lovers in school who would
.Lpprcciatc such a move on the part of some organi-
zation In school and who would be glad of the chance
to hear some serious music. Newman Club, SCA.

anybody, plouso take noticel!

The Weekly Bulletin

 

l';\II’I‘-'I‘IMI‘I EMPLOY-
MEN'I‘ Ill'IHCAU
l'lt'illl't‘H Ill‘t' still required

as it whole. We were DI‘OUCI Of 0111' for student nppiiontlons. All
production. Maybe we're mistaken. n‘Imlt-utu who have applied

Mary Miller,
President.

.ii'l‘ requested to bring in pic-
tures immediately. The hu-
l't‘tiii s Work has ilt‘l‘ll HloWr-tl
down immeasurably by luck

 

1922 Queen Ethel [
1923 Queen Edna I
1924 Queen Mildred I
1925 Queen Muriel I
1926 Queen Edna It
1927 Queen Ruth I
1928 Queen Mildred ll Albany
1929 Queen Ethcl if
1930 Queen Catherine 1 Albany
1931 Queen Florence I Albany
1932 Queen Dorothyl Delmar
1933 Queen iiarricttc I Utica
1934 Queen Harriet I Albany
1935 Queen Rita I
1936 Queen Elsie I Albany
1937 Queen Lucille I Troy
1938 Queen Christinel Albany
1939 *Queen Jane 1

Albany
Catskill

 

them straws to drink with. Open the “Burma
Road”, please I i 1

° Reigning.

Marboro
Schenectady
Waterford

Saugcrtics

Iiinghamton

Grccllwicll

Ethel Rusk
Edna Shafcr

Muriel chzcl
Edna Lampman

(ilcn Wood Landing Ruth Lane

Mildred Lanslcy
Ethel (iraundhofcr
Catherine Norris
Florence Friedman
llorolhy Cronk
Harricttc (ioodcnow
Harriet 'l‘cn Eyck
Rita Kane

Elsic Smith
Lucille Zak
Christine Adcs
Jane Wilson

Mildred I'lammcrsley

ot' coopn-rullou from n lurgn-
nomiu-r of students who
Wore sent out on leads but

1922 --The House of Minerva --1939 iiiifjif,»Willi? n'-’«3‘fit'-‘»'m"l’nli

’ who l‘t'l't‘th‘tl jobs
lwlon- m-w 11 pp 1 ll'll t ion
blanks urrlvwi, uud who
how- not filo-ii out Hlii'li
blnukn us ,)'i‘l, 10 do so ill
(Hil't‘.

llnrry I'unnow
Director.
ﬁ'I‘A’I‘EHMAN DEADLINE

"Millennium" deadline i~|
lil'loln'i‘ ‘Jl. Will students
lill‘HM' hand in mult‘riui its
outfit on possible.

liionchi- lilrm'henbluln.

lu‘dltor.
l(.\l‘l'r\ DELTA lillt) VIC
I'AII'I‘Y

(lumnm (’illtllil'l' of Kit I n
Iivllu libo will hold it liloili
i'i‘lflillil‘l'lri lirnwi iouighi lli
n,.ltl, at the fraternity house
who-h is lilt'liit'ti nt 1': Hoolli
Loln- AVt-llllv.
ILA‘I’I'A Iil‘i'l‘A IIANtHJ‘E'I‘

lln- st-uior clues nonnhork
of lulppn llt'lll and the in
i-ully oi‘ the college ore in-
\‘lll'll Io nlteud ihe linppn
15qu Alumni bunquot to-
night of tlziltl ut the l‘rulorni-
fly [bonito "It 1:87 tluuil street.

in or n i re uvenln l' n
Ilt‘ili will hold u fItIIWliUIIIi

 

 

honor of ilil‘ nlnmni. Fri-sil-
men have lam-n lnvitwi to nt-
lt'liti as guests of the int
lorniiy.

Alt’l‘ lH‘II’AIL'I‘MI'iN’l‘

.\n i-xhlblllou of posters
mode by the nliit sort-on pro
m-ss is now on display in
tho St't'tlliil I'ioor corridor of
Iil‘illlt‘l' lmli. ‘l‘hvst- \Vt'l‘t'
Imtdc by nrlinis' of tho l“l‘li-
l'i'Ill Art Project.

Mr. Joseph lini'ron, who
directs this Work, will folk
lo lllt‘ ('Inssos lu Ari Appro-
«lotion of 11:10 on Illuminy
nod 'l‘uosdoy mornings, tnn
[tuber '..'l nod 11:: in room
cos. Noumemiwrs or lilo
t‘itlHHvH will be welcome to
hour Ihc folks to iin- extent
of life capacity of [he room.

Man "Illt‘lllliﬂ-

HtH‘IAI. ('.IIJ‘JNIJAII

tit'iuln'l' to lill’llll'_l' events
and pushbuil contest on tho
I’ugo Iinll rumpun nl liztiti
I'. .\1. t‘rowniug of t‘nmpun
‘Jlll'l‘ll ulid lIw ('lnss sitils ill
the uudilorium of Page hull
of i'..\1.

Number '..'1 HI‘A llii't‘iiul‘
'oi" lieliglous t'olulliiﬁsioli ot
.i..ltl l'. M. In tho Lounge.

Ht'ltllil'l‘ 2:: Hub X Inn-vi-
log of i‘Jztill l'. M. in tin:
Lounge. Auivnncml Ilrnmu-
(It's play» of 8:15 1‘. ii. i
Iho auditorium of Page hull.

October :31 -iI‘rt-shmnn try-
” for dobulo sound at
iiz-lti i'. M. iii ltoom '..'8 of
lilt‘llllrdnoli llnli. Newman
club Inwling of 7:30 1’. M.
of Nowmun hull.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 10, I940

 

 

 

 

Echoes of dribbled basketballs re-
sounded figuratively through the
depths of Page Hall Gym during the
week for the first time this season as
twenty cagers responded to Coach
Hatfield’s call to the colors.

With State’s biggest varsity sport
initiated for the 1940-41 season. it
seems appropriate that some men-
tion should be made of the schedule
that the boys are booked to run
through between December ’7 and
March 8. It will be recalled that
harsh words were tossed to and fro
last. spring when the rumor spread
that this year's schedule was to be
one of the scrawnlest in years, with
the majority of home games listed
for afternoon play.

No Afternoon Games

The final version of the slate as
handed to this department shows,
that last year‘s protests were fruit-l
ful. Not a single afternoon game ap-
pears in the line—up. while the
schedule as a whole will be one ofI
the most strenuous a State aggrega-l
tion has faced in many a moon. ‘

Thirteen contests make up the
campaign for the approaching
season, six of which will be played,
on the home court. Highlighting the,
bunch will be the opening clash with i
RPI. the St. Lawrence and Clark-i
son games mentioned a few weeks,
ago. and two meets with Sicna on at
home and home basis. A command-
able departure from tradition is the
postponement of the Alumni guinci
from its traditiole spot at the head
of the schedule to coincide willf-
MAA Alumni Day on March 8. Al
complete schedule will nppcur in tin-i
Nun's at a later date. ,

Givel Givel Givei

Sometime during this morning‘s
assembly. tnttcrcd figures will slink
up and down the oinlcs of Page 11:111.
shoving postcbonrd containers under
the noses of unsuspecting 11:1(lcrs.
To allay any fears, this dcjnirtmcnt.
wishes to inform its readers that.
those tattered figures will be this

 

 

year's basketball cheerleaders. solic-il'llll‘ﬁf I
L mg, [0,. “millilvc been mode 111 the rules con-

,ccrning the actions of the scorers.

itlng funds for dcccn
coming season. Our suggestions of
the past few weeks that the noise-
makers be outfitted from the Stud-
ent Association budget have been to

no avail. This is a final appeal. Be;

prepared this morning to give. To
use a trite expression: remember,
they’re your cheerleaders.

By the way. we’ve learned that
Intramural Council has decided that
the intranuu'al trophies are not to
be retired after three successive
wins. This idea which was subscribed
to by many of the men on the cum-
pus. was ncvvr approved by MAA
or intramural Council. The trophies
will continue to circulate forcvcrw
or at least nd fluitum.

'm‘w““+v‘m‘ ' vv'vvvvvaVVVVVV Vi

,New 1941
' PHILOO

Transiione

COMPACT RADIOS OF
QUALITY

Model |"l‘-25 only

$9.95
Hill Appliance Shop

112 (‘.cntrnl Ave.
Phone 4-4169 Albany, N.Y.

Four Lettermen
Answer Coach's

Call for Cagers

Twenty Freshmen Apply For
Berth: on ’44 Aggregation,
Practice Begins,Monday

Coach Hatfield's annual varsity
basketball call was answered by four
of last year‘s lcttermen and 16 other
candidates. Arnie Ellerin, Bill Dick-
son, Paul Merritt, and Hank Brann-
cr are the lettermen who showed up
in the gym Monday afternoon. These
are the only men from last year's
team who are still in college.

Among the other sixteen who are
trying out is Bob Lupcan, who play-
ed varsity basketbali at Fredonia
Normal for two years. He should
make a valuable addition to the
squad. Nearly all of last year's fresh-
man team are trying out for varsity
berths. Lcs Gcrdts and Gerry Sad-
(llcmirc arc the only two seniors
beside Ellerin who are candidates.

 

’arsity Practice

Official varsity practice will start
on Monday at 4:30. There will be
short practice sessions of approxi—
mately one hour every day of the
week. The first week will be spent
in conditioning the squad. There—
after the main object will be to get
the team in top shape for the open-
ing game on December 7 agninsti
RPI.

'l‘wcnty freshmen applied Tuesday
afternoon in response to Coach's call
for ('t'iudidnics for the frosh team.
Not many of these men have had

loom to work with. .

i’rosh Practice I
,ucrs a chance to unlock seine of

mm”. it,“ must” “Nd smoom OUL'pnsscd 111:: College House boys off leading the pack in the minor divi-

Frosh l)1‘:ll'll(fl‘ has been scheduled

well as coach the varsity.

Coach Hatfield l

 

Rona}; Lead

G. ELLIOTT HATFIELD, who this

year will supervise the hash team as

Trackinén Meet
Delhi Tomorrow

Opposition Hes Good Material;
Yesterday's Timing Shows
Vastly ImpIoved Team

State's cross-country boys are
again kicking up the cinder track
preparatory to taking the trip to
Delhi tomorrow in their second con-
test of the current season.

’I‘imc trials \vcrc lvcld yesterday
and the official timing shouls a. dc-

‘much high school experience; in fuctncmed unmovcmum 0,“. me mew-
ll'liill'M‘l 11”” i“"“'“‘"‘“-V 1‘ 3'90“ ions \vccks clocking. This upswmg is

training which have given the run-

.ngmu Intlnbllit H

Ten Daring Danielle Booncs

Invade Chatham Wilderness

We’ve done it again . _ _ . mem_ sang! Crash! Clunkl . . . . Spooks?
bers of the All-American Girl clan No! Only 9- Smte trooper,m3kmg “5
have one more eventful, delightful, rounds- was KnOWlton-S “08 red
stomach testing and muscle building When She Great“ 5" Galahad °f
stay at Camp Johnston to chalk up the brass buttons, wmkemy brand'
on the slate of the modern "Danielle “511mg 9' marmmanow fork in h"
Booms n attempt to protect the firesidei

' 7:30 Saturday a. m. the peaceful

Friday night all was darkness, ml h t d’ b t
when Tubbs, the grocery boy. opened fungesgf wgesefs.ai.tﬁr.: a geggofagtu’l
the rear of his delivery truck. and day in Chicagb," At 10.30 a m
ten fugitives from college textbooks pump_washed “pans” mined 'pm;
and    out on the  when  was discovered  the la-
sidc. Flash . . . . Beers of the My- cult nest for the weekend Dr
skania lineup turned fireman; Wil- Lesérghad arrived thirty ml’nutu'
son of theatrical fame, hash-slinger; before' From “Dr Demons" to 10¢
and the fresh, Carroll. Frey, and, )hur,.;_in ﬂash' back into toned.
McKay porters for the evening. 1 " a ’

{ M 7 _ up pajamas—it was so hotl—

An impromptu swimming party
followed the arrival of North Hall,
,en masse. . . . . Too bad that the

moving-picture camera fiend—and
In Foocba" Loop We do mean Beers—didn’t have her
equipment.

With the intramural touch foot- Sunday, the day of restr—oh ye-ah
ball league nearly 8119de Kappa ——yon try taking a ten-mile hike
lfjclta litho‘mcived gito t1: lead glib that turns into fifteen miles because
our W115 m our 3175- apps 9 3 on et lost! On to of that, miss
passed Potter CIUb. mOVlng into 5the gnly train backpto Albany be-
.‘iCCiOltld place by several percentageifope midnight, and play bridge in
DO II S- the station until the rescue art -——

KDR was apparently incited by Miss Johnston—arrives, p y
the breaking of their string of un- But, Gosh, it's all fun and we’re
scored-upon victories extending over ready and rarln' to do it again.
three years. Potter did this when
they completed a pass into the end I
zone on Monday. Wednesday the New Routine Introduced

Into Chess Tournament

 

 

Football Standings
The chess department has intro-
duced an innovation into State Col-
lege by forming two tournaments in-
stead of the usual one—a major
tournament; and a minor one.

With the tournaments now in full
progress. a closely contested race is
KDR boys really played some hard being waged in the majors, with
football when they downed the Slow Show leading the pack by n
'Ir‘rosh,10-6.Thcy were again unable, scant margin. J. Gillan is right at

Iiuppit lloitn Itho . . . . . . . . . ..
Iiumnt III‘ilI . . . . . ..

l'oltI-r (‘lub .....

ltnmb t-rs

('oIlI-gt- lloust- .

I"I'0NII

 

from being violated. George Erbstcin. a frcsi‘iman who I:

due in “‘0 mo addmonul weeks Ofllmwcver, to prevent their goal line his heels by a mere half point.

for '1‘uc:«rtln_\' ulltl ’i‘hursdny ul'tt‘i'-,,h(.n- running fol-m

poops at 4:30. A squad of ten or

that the frosh schedule is rapidly
in mg I‘uillltit‘ti into shape; fivc
animus imvr- iiil'l‘iitli' been scheduled
and other: :tl‘t' being negotiated for.

This yt'nr‘s imsl-zctbull play will be

first time in several yours, there
have been no drastic changes in the
The only important changes

List of (‘ztndidatcs

The complete list of candidates
ii'or the varsity and the ll'OHll follow:
Varsity—- rliillcr'm, Dickson, Merritt,

‘liruuncr, (.lcrdts. Saddlcmirc, Grif-

fill, i.chmnn, Lupcan, Bombard,
,Ii‘ccncy, Portlcy, Hansen, Lynch,
‘ilummond, Reed. Anderson, Gerber,
li‘lus, Born.

Freshmen rMillcr, Skolsky, ’I‘uck~
(-r. O'lmnry. Ourr. Reed, Forrest,
f’l‘crlioc, Duncan. Young. Marsland.
llubnck. Wurtz, Coombs, Snyder.
iVlt'Ctllit‘. Ashworlli, Wise, Fudcman,
i Koblt-nz and Evans.

i, Girls' Riding Success

i The rcsptnisc to a plea for more
liorsc—lmck riding enthusiasts was
-so great. last week that the riders
1had to be divided into two groups.
Since only six horses are available at.
lllll‘ stable, Kuy Wilson announces
gthut. it. will be necessary to haw
itiu'ct- sections from now on riding at
ilen, eleven. and twelve o’clock Sut—
,urtiuy mornings. liixperlcnccd riders
,will met-t. of the Dorm at 0:25 A. M..
:mlt-rmcdinles nt 10:25 A. M.. and n
mist-ti group at 11:45 A. M. Girls
,should sign up today on the WAA
illiilt'ilil bonrtl.

 

i MADISON SWEET SHOP

Home Made lcc Crown
and Lunches
785 Madison Avenue

3 Doors from Quail St.

2-9733 We Deliver

 

 

l . 
twelve lllt'll will be 'nrricd this:”"““'h I'll-‘4'
ycnr. Monogcr Bokoy has announced I '
itirst for l)(‘llll but the presence of

’1‘omorrow‘s contest will be the

many veterans who were responsi—

iblc for Sluic‘s dci'cat last year con-
islilutcs a formidable obstacle to
lhurdlc. Conch Larry Taylor has al-
.”HHHIV mm,“ m 1,”, WM, Fm, t 1("ivvays bccn 11()l(‘(l for his manufac-
" ‘ - " ‘ " r ' ' luring of a bunch of well-trained

flcciloots. Delhi‘s running course is
in every sense of the expression a
"cross-country" course. The runners
not only have to run up and down
hill and through plowed fields but
last. year's captain even had to
straighlnrm his way through a cow-
ini'cstcd pasture!
Confidence Prevails

Captain Gene Agncllo and inan-
ager Bob Cooke jointly agreed that;
tile Statesmcn stand an excellent
chance to come out victorious in to-
morrow‘s meet. The outfit, having
had a taste of competition two weeks
ago. is now clicking along very
smoothly.

Making the trip tomorrow are
Cuptuin Agucllo. Frank Hansen, Jim

 

Snovcr. Bill Miller, Verne Marshall,
Jim Portlcy and either Ben Recd
or Don Dcmick.

Also on Wednesday, Kappa Beta very handy with his chcssmen, is

 

‘Ilitlll' feet to defeat them 24—13. sicn with two Wins and no losses.

I

 

 

MADISON’S

“Better Specialty Shop”
231 Central Avenue
0
For Sportwmtr That is "Tops"
With the College Crowd
Skirts ............................ .. 1.98 up
Swoatcrs ...................... .. 1.00 ”
.Iackcts ......................... .. 2.98 "

lllouscs  1.00 "

SPORT DRI‘JSSES
REVERSIBLE COATS

Exclusive But Inexpensive

 

 

Good things to eat . . .
and ice-cold Coca-Cola.
You see it everywhere, be-
cause thc life and sparkle
and taste of ice-cold
Coca-Cola add something
to food that everybody
likes. Try it yourself..

PAUSE THAT arrncsnrs

Bottled under authority of The Coca-Cola Co. by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO.
226 N. ALLEN s'rnnn'r ALBANY, N. Y.

Drink
W'

Delicious untl

Refit-siting, 

 

 

 

 

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.AAAA

 

 

 

 

