 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 2 STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY 12, 12240
STAggbggppggglgcws Personal .
Member Student Government Viewpomts

associated Colleoiale Press

Distributor of

Colleoiale DioeSi

'l‘he niuiergrudunte Newspaper of New York State College
for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college year by the News
ltonrtl representing the Student Association
Telephones: Office, 5-9373: Howe, 2-4314; Kowalslty, 2-1243;
Young, 5-1053; Gabriel, 3-9538
Entered as second class matter in the Albany, N. Y.
postal/ice

 

OI'IIIIN‘FID Fol NAIIONAL ADV-"Ill". .7

National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Pulabm Roam

420 unison AVI. le Your. N. Y.

culcuo - lone! - Lon Auluc - In I’ll-clue

THE NEWS BOARD

Lnomum E. KOWALBKY ........ .. Editor-in-Ohie!
O'rro J. How:  Co-Editor-in-Chiel
SALLY E. Youuc  ..... .. Managing Editor
Bunnies Dowca  Associate Editor
STII'HEN Kusax A “ ‘ Editor
JOHN Moan”  Associate Editor
SAUL Gannuwaw .. News Editor
Bmv CLARK   Sports Editor
MARY GABRIEL Business Manager
Know-m HASER  Advertising Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

JAMES MALONEY ............................................ ,. Men’s Sports Editor

SOPHOMORE DESK EDITORS
WILLIAM DOliliANCl-J, JUN HAUSHALTER, ANl’l‘A HOLM,
Enwm Hoasrem, Cam. MAROTTO, Hannv Passow.

A Stitch in Time —

With the state legislature convening again, a
few of us may recall memories of the budget cut
and State’s venture into lobbying last spring. Up
to this point, with the exception of a smaller
freshman class and a student-sponsored directory,
we students have yet to feel the pinch of the bud-
get cut. In view of the fact that at least a thousand
dollars was slashed from the maintenance funds, we
wonder how long this freedom will last.

 

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

 

Our sister institution and the normal schools
have already suffered a curtailment of activities.
At New Paltz no events are scheduled for the even-
ing, and the entire campus is left in darkness to
cut down on electric bills. Likewise, Buffalo per-
mits but one evening a week for social affairs.
Also, all possible expenditures for supplies are cut
to the bone.

We at State, it seems, are quite fortunate in
being able to carry on a full program of activities.
There is much that we students can do to prevent
this program from suffering curtailment. First we
can adopt a policy of rigid economy for electricity
and supplies furnished by the college. By remem-
bering to turn off lights when leaving a room and
whenever possible, by scheduling events for the day-
time lnstcad of an evening hour, we can help to
diminish cxpcnditurcs for electricity. Secondly,
by being extremely careful not to damage college
property wc can save the expense of replacements.
licunonrv now may prove very helpful latcr in the
year. Let's all do our hit.

. .

Drgesttng Democracy

.\'cvcr bcforc havc wc heard so much talk about
ilcmocracy and stutlcnt govcrnmcnt as we havc dur-
When
lu'fol'c, llillt‘ wc so carcfully read aml sludicd our
Studcnt llvtitlfillllll tonstitutioni‘ it is the Agnc
amcmlmcm. followt'tl by that of lt'ranccllo’s, which
stimulate this interest in thc
workings of gtwcrmncnt and parliamentary proce—
titu'o.

ing this >t‘llll‘wlt‘l' aml cspccially last wcck.

has nt'l‘\ t‘tl iii

In scorching fora possible rcastm for thc unprc- ,
ccdcntcd intcrcst. in our student govcrmmmt, we
wondcr if it is not doc to the excellent training we
reccivc in our political scicncc, courscs. Also there
is the cxpct‘lcnt‘t' gaincd from the l"ol'ttllt of Politics,
where many a hcatcd dcbatc has taken place over
legislation or parliamentary procedure. m, the pres-
out rate, not only will we soon be Well—inforn'lcd in
the working of democracy, but we shall be expert
political scientists and pariiamcntarians.

 

 

Commentstater

( THE COMMENTSTATER is given the widest
latitude as author of this column, though the view-
point. expressed do not necessarily reﬂect those of
the Srrcrs COLLEGE News.)

We, the students of State college, have a demo-
cratic student government. We have a constitution to
guide that student government. our constitution has
been evolved through trial and error over 9. long period
of years. It is the duty of the officers running our
assemblies to adhere to that constitution.

Our constitution expressly states that a. student he-
comes a member of the Student association upon pay-
ment of the blanket tax. Therefore, literally speaking,
everyone who votes on an amendment to our constitu-
tion must have paid his or her student tax. Further-
more, our constitution states that a majority vote of
the Association is necessary to amend our constitution.
This, in effect. does not mean a majority vote of all
students who are attending the assembly at which the
vote is taken—but a majority vote of all students who
have paid their student tax and are members of the
Student association, regardless of whether or not they
are attending the meeting.

To the casual render it would seem that we would
never be able to amend our constitution. But, stop
and think! Do you want to hand over the control of
your student government to a simple majority of the
few members of the association who are present and
voting at the assembly. If this were true, seniors who
are practice teaching would have no voice in their
own government, as they are excused from assembly
and are not present in assembly to protect their rights.
The constitution, by requiring a majority of the asso-
ciation to amend the constitution, is safeguarding the
rights of all students who cannot be in assembly. Yes,
members of the association can thank their lucky
stars that members of past associations did look far
enough ahead to protect us from crackpots who would
change the supreme law of our student government at
the slightest provocation.

The Critic _

“Body, Boots. and Britches,” by Harold W. Thompson,
530 pp. . . . Philadelphia . . . J. B. Lippincott Com-
pany.

Dr. Thompson, in “Body, Boots. and Britches,” has
collected an amazing group of stories, ballads, and folk—
tales about our staid, sedate state of New York. He
recounts these tales in an easy, informal, genial
manner appropriate to folklore. The reader will find
his interest heightened by the frequent mention of
familiar place-names.

In what seems an almost inexhaustible store of
folk-tales, Dr. Thompson takes us on adventures with
tricksters, Whalers, sailors. "canawlers," lumbermen,
mountaineers, soldiers, and murderers in a breathless
array through the ensuing chapters, interspersed with
numerous ballads and songs. The deeds, sayings. and
picturesque lives of the pioneer folk of New York
state give us a new conception of the ﬁrst, imagina-
tive settlers of our land.

Dr. Thompson includes an extensive appendix cm i
titled “Who Told You?" which gives the sources of
each chapter. Margaret Van Doren supplied excellent
illustrations made in woodcut fashion which enhance

 

 

 

(One year ago “Personal View-
points” was a regular feature of
the STATE COLLEGE News. Now EGO
returns to relate new impressions
after a year’s absence)

“Most men. Indeed, think thorium-Ive»

in ponuounion of all the truth, and
where others differ from thorn, It in

error."
-l!. Franklin.

As a graduate of State who re-
turns often to the clamor crowded
halls I ﬁnd myself criticizing the
State students because they are
textbook scholars interested in dates
and superflcialiaties rather than
solid complete understanding.

It Sinclair Lewis were to people
his Main Street with the small shal-
low characters necessary, I believe
he could find their prototypes in
State. Let me say I am not critic-
izing all the students at State nor
all the faculty but I believe that a
great many of the State's occu-
pants are but that—and they think
little of any thing which is beyond
their little world.

In returning 1 ﬁnd their knowl-

edge of foreign affairs limited to
their notes given by a professor who
may or may not know what he is
talking about, and these are ac-
cepted as solid truth by the student
body's “Charlie McCarthy's." If they
have any other knowledge of the
foreign situations it is limited to
newspaper headlines (and probably
Hearst’s at that).
Students at State are too prone
to ostracize or at least ridicule
any student who's different and
doesn't fit their pattern for living.
A person who thinks differently, who
reads more widely or enjoys other
pleasures is thought of a being a
“queer duck." All you have to be
in order to qualify as a “good egg"
is to ﬁt into the narrow pattern
which the students have set up—and
even the dean couldn't save you if
you deviate in the least from their
well worn path.

Turn to their hobbies and pleas-
ures even in that they do not have
a solid background on which to
build. They pride themselves on
knowing about swing and jazz. Yet,
most of them have never heard of
“Bix” Belderbecke, Teschmaker,
Turbaner. J. P. Higglnbottom, Pine-
top Smith, Lux Lewis. and others
of jazz immortality. They dance to
the music and Miller and Shaw
and swoon at their hot jazz. To
the swing critic it is known as
succotash—commerclal corn. How
many possess records by Harlan
Leonard, Pete Johnson, Sidney

 

this very entertaining book.
Iii I! t D 1'

Playing “vlc” records privately is becoming more
popular here since the advent of a portable vlc which
received lodging in the activities office last week.
Decca records have recently put out several swell disks I
which ought; to go over big; Ella Fitzgerald's “My ~
Wubba Dolly” is a number that hits the spot for
rhythm and easy swlng. Fitzgerald comes across
again with a popular hit in "After I Say I’m Sorry”»~
a swinging. sprightly tune with plenty of live swing to
dam c to. Russ Morgan recently rccordcd “Flower of
Dawn’ and "Vagabond Dreams” which givcs somc of
the best danceable music on the platters. Jan Savltt's
ncwcst rccording is "Running 'l‘hrough My Mind"
which should provide its Statcstcrs with smooth
scintillating rhytlun.

Columbia popular records has rcccntly tumounccd
futurc rccordlngs of "Jazz h'lilslt‘l'lllt‘ttt‘rtn with somc of
lllt most. popular .iazz orchestras rccordlng for thcm
(ioodman, Mlllcr. Dorm-y. Mildrcd linilcy and licnny
(ioodmun tcmn togcthcr to producc a disc that. com-
bincs thc (ioodman swing and top rhythm with a
vocal that can't bc l)('tll.t‘ll in "I Thought. About You."
Vocaliou has rcccntly comc out. with u plattcr of Jun
(lttl‘l)cl'. which .‘iltl'litmst'h‘ all of his past. recordings in
“l'vc (lot My Eye On You"~~a fast, cvcn swing song,
For our classical nmlicncc, lirunmviclt’s rccorth
lug of "lit.- (llory Hood," a spiritual by the Southern
Mulc Qunrtct has much powr-r and fccllng. Nelson
ltlddy's song, “Nonc lint thc lioncly lit-art," is u
’l‘schuikowslty mclody that llngcrs in ono'n mcmory.
For our symphony tans. \vc rcconnncud that thcy pur—
clmrm (.‘olutubiu’s rccordun; of ll\'c rctllscovcrt-d Strauss
Walt/cs, plajcd by Howard Harlow and thc CBS
Symphony orchestra. ,

Kowa/ Withdraws

ltcgrctfully wc, pcn this, our last editorial, as
wc bring thrcc anti one-half ycars of active journal—
ism to a close, licfot'c we burst into tears, we
just want to say how much Wt: have enjoyed work—
ing and writing for those colunms. The hours we
spcnt will be unftn‘getlablc memories. Now it’s
your turn, ()tto.

 

 

l.. it). K.

 

Bcchet, Muggsy Spavier. Coleman
Hawkins or any of the other great
swing artists of 1939.

Its bumping my head against a

 

(the Etplnmat

 

 

 

In the Style of the Old Diplomat
Department: What Psi Gum and
what KDR intend to celebrate the
end of the P&G's practice teach-
ing?

New: Short Short: (Reading time:
26 seconds.) Knowles gives Dickson
a pair of gloves and her picture
for Christmas. Seems that both of
Dickson’s brothers in years gone by
received similar gifts from girls and
ended up by marrying them. The
moral of the story is ............  “A
glove in the hand is worth two in
a bush.”

And Then They Were Cnmpllscd
Department: We hear that Klelne
escorted one Shirley Siegel to the
KB vlc dance last Saturday. Due
to circumstances beyond her control,
Shirley arrived at Juniper a of an
hour late. Now what’s Preston go-
ing to do for an Interfraternlty ball
date if the aforementioned Shirley
gets campused?

Better Homes and Gardens De-
partment: Last weekend saw Stan
Smith at the cooper house (see
news stylesheet) with HBV Keeier.
As a matter of convenience Smith
interpreted Residence council rules
much to the satisfaction of all con—
cerned.

Activity in the Activities Office
Department: Havko has left his
hermltage for good — Groll’s vlc
making too damn much noise—the
phantom Murray in Holstein’s cloth-
ing—Freidlander back at State but
just to see Pauline—Groll making
too much nolse—Marotto calling
the branch office of the Times-
Unlon at Partridge street and re-
ferring affectionately to the sports
editor as “Chum.” . . . Too much
noise.

Things Maloney’s Baloney Doesn't
Dare to Print Department: Over—
heard at the Slena game anent Liz
Simmon's—“Shc’s the kind of girl
who thinks she has to talk to her
fellows to entertain them." .
There‘s a movement underfoot to
permit the frosh basketeers the use
of side baskets at all home games.

We Wanna Get Serious Depart-
ment: Why doesn't MAA or the stu-
dent body (Dld you say student
body?) either strip or uniform its
cheerleaders. Either way would be
better than their present costum-
onstroslty.

Lingerie Department: Who is that
Lotharian romeo who suddenly woos
State college maidens throughout
our revered halls? .

Lost and Found Department: His-
tory will record the junior senator
front Port Chester's as the Little Man
Who Wasn't There Speech. Ac-
cording to the law::; of New York.

 

stonewall when I so argue but if
one person is blasted out of his smug
complacency it will be okc with me.
However I know what your reaction,
will bc~you'll point to the llCXi.‘
follow and say—“Ego means that
guy. I'm not shallow"—~I know, I
was in State college.

coo. l

Presidan Kelly recognized Norman
Levy, n dormant man legally dead.
This morning Baldwin will discuss
slavery and child labor in the Ac-
tivitics office.

l)cpartmcnt of Vital Statistics:
Our nominations for prom queen:
T’aul (.irattan followod by Herb
Oksalu. ii‘arcwcll ft)l't‘\’t'l‘~—llltlylmll

 

Hellenics

 

’l‘ht- marital noun sounds t'cnrlully
loud cvcn thoimh it is only thc start
ol l.cup chr.

l‘ll'hl to pncc lhc tllhlt' is (iracc
Scamnnr. of Psi (iunnnn, who bc—
cnmc Mr:.. Willltllll (iul'tlcllcr ol

Schcucctntly (ill Nc\\‘ Ycur'u day.
Kills lormcr Vn'ghuu llull. "lit! 1:.

‘now lhc wuc ol .iolm lttppcr, lumt

llt'lllt'lllllll o1 lllt' Unitcd Shut-s
Army. . . . l'hi launbda's colllt‘liht~
tion to thc l.ol1cnp,riu promcuudc
is Virginia llnnn, '30, to (‘llttl'ltm
thmrd. :-.on of l’l'llll‘thi' .Jcssc Sim»
ard. . . . [lll'll' plcdgc list now
lln'llttlt'h liclcn Kloss, '42. . . , lt‘rom,
Al-il'ln wc ltcar ot morc matrimonial
pl'cpul'utlotlr. with thc inmouncc~
mcnt of thc mnmgcmcnts ot' ltlllza~
bcth l'lcrr. '37 to licrnnrd Simon,
and ot‘ liurbarn l.cvy. '30 to l.cstcr.
Cornbllth . . . on tile weekch via—V
hing calcndur wc find the mmth
of Henrietta l’lalbrcich, ‘39. ‘
Last wcck Mrs. llcrtha lil'immor of
the Alumni association ucccptcd'
honorary mcmlwrship into Psi (iam—‘
ma. it was revealed. . . . K1.) also
conducted a buffet supper for its

licnoiniy faculty llli'lllllt'l'h Illc past
Sunday. . . .

From thc trout-linc ll't'llt'llt‘h of
thc tralcrnity situation lhc lltlt'h‘l.
dupiuchcs imllcnlc that llt‘l‘ll ()k-
.ala, ltoy McCrcary. and Slcvc Ku—
ul; ucrc "royally cntcrlalncd" at
Imum club during lhc rcccnt "ill—
Itc‘h' (.1 th' “(.Qttccu Mary". .
tililt lloslllltllllj‘ was cxtcntlcd to
Muunc ('ltlllllht‘, 'Jill. and .1th llohcly,
‘Jiil, ltn' lhc wccltclul \l’hllt'
.uhn-ls utul t‘lnlhcl‘vullvt‘ tics \vill bc
out uhcn thctr Wcstcrn nvcnuc
honn- \llll bc thc .sccuc til it lucltlly
:molzcr on 'l‘hursday night at ttzutl
oclock, . Edgar ()‘liora, ‘llll, and
(iordon ltantl. '39, rcccntly rcturncd
to l’. tlcr club for a short \’lhll, . . .
lili's lllt‘tllit'h shchd thclr social
ullllll) \vluh thcy conducch a auc-
ccsslul dancc last Saturday night.
at thc hcusc . . . it’s curtains for

linlrd l’oskanzr-r, '42. who goes
through informal initiation aftcr

tonight’s game.

Way back when , . . Mrs. William
ll. (.‘orwith, '18, has bcen elected
Natiomd President of the American
tagion auxiliary.

 

 

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, JANUARY 12, 1940

   

Page 3

 

SCA to Sponsor

Chinese Aid Drive
Second Semester

Association Plans Concerts
For Student Relaxation
Between “Exams”

 

 

SCA announces that it has made
plans for a drive to aid Chinese
students and for a series of concerts
to be condueted the first week of
examinations.

The drive to raise money for the
purpose of aiding students in China
will be conducted during the week
of February 5-9. the ﬁrst week of
second semester. The students in
charge of the fund are: Robert
Martin, ‘40; Alma Knowles. '41; and
Burnice Duell, Betty Cummings.
Benton Tybring, Pctcr Fulvio. soph-
omores.

Chinese Conditions

The conditions under which the
Chinese students are attempting to
continue their education are un-
belicvablc. No matter what the
cost. they are intcut upon observ-
ing Madam Chiang Kai Shck's
statement, "Students can best serve
their country by complcting their
education." They have done this
by walking 1.000 miles over snow-
covorcd mountains to the interior
of China when their universities
in coastal towns wcrc destroyed.
They have lived in mud dugouts or
cnvcs and studied by candlelight—
it' thcy were fortunate enough to
have candles. Classrooms Simply
do not exist; 93': of China's schools
or collcgcs \vcrc closed or destroyed
by thc war. The present classroom
is an opcn plain with the sky for a
coiling. the ground as seats, and
thighs for (lcsks,

StatistiCs

SCA urges that State students co-
opcratc with thosc of other schools
in thc Unitcd States and Grcat Brit-
alu. Statistics show that: "5 cents
incans a coki- OR one \Vcck's shelter
for a Chincsc student; 15 cents
mcans a chocolate milkshake OR
incals for one \VCt‘k: $1 means cigar—
ctu-s and movies OR medical care
for six students for one year; $5
means a pcrnrtncnt wave or orchids
for a (latt- OR winter clothing for
sixty studcnts.“

SCA is going to present a series
of conccrts during the first wcek of
cxaminatlous. Thch concerts will
be conductcd in the Lounge of
ltichardson hall. from 12:00 to 1:00
o‘clock next Monday through Fri—
day. Eloisc Hartman. '40. chair—
man, plans to have programs of
classical and stunt—classical victrolu
rccords. '

Moreland Will Entertain

Miss Hclcn Hull Moreland. (loan
of studcnts. and Dr. Carolch Les-
tcr, instructor in mathcnmtics will
bc at home to mcmbcrs of thc
scnior class on Sunday al'tcrnoou
froth 4:00 to tiztltl o'clock at 311
Wcslcrn avcnuc.

 

1922 dawncd and with it come
thc dawn of u ncw organization
a national fraternity for mcn dc—
votcd to the cause of education
nnd tcaching. Thus, at llnrtniouth
collcgc, licvcrdu Jordan, sccing the
ncccsslty for such a group. found-
cd Kappa Phi Kappa. No ncctl
to say expansion follmvcd fnr'nmi
widc within thc organization’s
scvr-ntccn ycnr history, a chapter
lulu hccn installcd on practically
cvt-ry lcmling campus in thc coun-
try

(for own school was not to he
slightcd. in 10117. through the cf—
l‘orls of thc latc llr. Abrnm it.
lirubnchcr. thcn prcrtidcnt. of the col-
logc, and In: Arthur K. liclk, pro:
f'cnsor of education, Chi chapter of
Kappa l‘hl Kappa was founded at
Ncw York State (‘ollcgc for ’l‘coch-
t‘l'S.

'l‘hc charter mcmbcrs Wct'c choscn
front thosc mcn having six hours
in education a fine character, good
scholarship. and lcadcrship ability
~the basis of sclcollon for the
fraternity. ’I‘hc first prcsidcnt ot'

the group was Arvid liurke,‘1mw
in the roscarch tit-partinth of the
New York 'l‘cuchcrn tlh‘h‘tltlllllltlll. In
recognition of his

efforts in es-

 

 

Constitutional Crises

 

January 8, 1940
To the Members of the Student Body:
In the last few weeks, we have heard much ado about
the meaning or the word “democracy” and the true nature
of democratic procedure. After studying the present
constitution and talking with various students, the follow-
ing truths seem evident.

First, there is no reason for a student who is a good

Hear State On The Air
Over WOKO Tomorrow

Girls! Want to hear how to
catch a man?

Boys! Want to learn in one
easy lesson how to pop the ques-
tion?

Hear how Kay Wilson and
Vince Miller manage it in the
radio adaptation of A Hitah'tn'l
for May, one of the three onc-
act plays to be presented Tues-
day night. Miss Agnes E. Fut-
tercr will direct the radio pre‘s-
cntntion when it goes on the air
tcmcrrow night at 7:30 o'clock
cvcr WOKO.

 

 

 

citizen to come to our assembly without the privilege of
voting. The only qualification is that of payment of the
blanket tax. If he has means, naturally he should pay the
fee. If he hasn’t, he may be excused from payment by
Finance board upon application and explanation. This
waiver gives him the privilege of suffrage in assembly.
Payment of student tax is, then, a duty demanded of the
citizens of this college; if they do not pay or do not use
the above privilege of excuse, they are not good citizens
and, therefore, do not deserve consideration. If this atti-
tude seems harsh, one has only to refer to the practical
application of democracy in our State and Federal govern-
ments which have been used as examples in recent dis—
cussions on the amendment to Article III of our own con-
stitution.

Second, it has been pointed out that the present
A'l'ticle XI should be amended to read:

“This constitution and its by—laws may

be amended by a two-thirds vote of the

members of the Association voting.”
This procedure is well in keeping with the principles set
forth in Robert’s Rules of Order. In organizations having
a non-compulsory attendance, our present procedure, that
of requiring a majority vote of all members of the. organi—
zation, is recommended. However, when the attendance
is compulsory, only two-thirds of the votes cast should be
demanded. The reason for this is that in the latter or so
the body is always assured of a near-perfect attendance.
There is no chance to “railroad” legislation without the
knowledge of the major proportion of the members of the
organization.

Third, and last, a year-by~year payment of student
tax should be fostered. Proc ‘ast‘ination is a part ()1 human
nature. Surely a yearly twelve dollars is an easier debt
to meet than the sum of forty-eight dollars in one's senior
year. Furthermore, support of a well-rounded program of
activities requires an assured, adequate yearly income.

If these points seer to clarify the present issues, they
will have met with my purpose. This letter is addressed to

Sprague Announces
Statesman Deadline

Eldridge to Play —
For Junior Prom

Class of 1941 to Conduct
Annual Formal Dance
at Aurania Club

Junior Prom. the social highlight
of the forthcoming Junior week-end
of the class of 1941 is scheduled
for February 10, at. the Aurania club
from 10:00 until 2:00 o'clock.

Enes Novelli. '41, chairman of the
music committee for the event, has
announced that the group has con-
tracted with Roy Eldridge and his
orchestra to supply music for the
formal dance. Although no official
announcement has been made, it is
expected by those in charge that
bids will be $3.00 or $3.50.

 

Harriet Sprague, '40, co-cditor of
the Sta/canton, the colleen liter-
ary magazine. announces that Feb-
ruary 9 will be the deadline for the
next issue. The publication will be
issued the week of February 20.

The winter issue will contain
Iloni Soil (2112‘ Mol ,t/ Ports-c. 'l‘hosc
familiar with the Lion will re.-
mcmbct' this feature. The editors
wf tho Slit/(mum: request that stu-
dents be careful of what they con-
tribute to this column of student
and faculty quotations. For the
benefit. of thc freshmen, Houi Soil
Qui Mill y Pr'nsr' is a column of
unusual faculty and student quotes.

Miss Spraguc says that the pub-
lication welcomes contributions
from everyone. She asks that all
those interested in contributing
)lcase do so as soon as possible.

Benny Goodman, the ‘King of
Swing." and his famous orchcstra
will play at the Carnival ball, Sat-
urday night. February ii, in the
Schenectady Armory as the high
spot, of thc Schenectady Winter Car-
nival. according to an announce-
mom made Wednesday by Frank
P. Callahan, genera] chairman.

Wilmer of a popularity poll con—

KING OF SWING

   

 

all students, because they are all potential members of the

formal association. Ilowcvcr, final dcclsion of issues rests

 

Varied Activity Marks History
Of Kappa Phi Kappa Since 1927 ‘...,,,,,,-,,,,,.,, ;,i;,,,, 3,”; ,‘  ,,
. -. ..L._. <6,

3 with the members themselvcs.
Sincerely yours,
Lloyd L. Kelly,

Pres. of the Student association

‘ Appointment Bureau
Announces Positions

 

,lhc months of Octobcr. Novcmbcr.
tubiinlling the local chapter, thalffl’l‘tl 'D-(‘Cf—jlllbf‘l‘ll1Ctllltt'l‘lllc Molouy.
if} WM. chosen (mum, “(h/ism." .l . lll)lillltlll"lll Itt|)]>cr l.akc, Chal-
“HM . , tcttc Fox, .59, Nornmndy school.
” “Mum” he “U” homb‘ , ‘Minmi Beach, Florida; Doris Mun-

DUl'lllla" U1“ Chapter.“ “Nomic'lioc, '38. Latin. Ii‘rcuch and history
lmuny a prominent man in thc “I Nimm; 1.1mm mug '39. mm-
flcld of education has spokcn to its m m: and mij hllldlpﬁ “1 1mm.
incmbci's,stiChasleaders ofthc state Wu; “(‘Hrlillln 11nibreiciL ‘39. (xx-
cducationul department and Albany ‘ (willin “551,5an NYS Training
school system. Last year the t'ru- School for (iirls at. Hudson; Aunt-s
tcrnilv was honored by the urcsuncc liulliou, as. ('olltmcl'cc ill Onconta
of Dr. Arvlc Eldrcd, secretary to thci llusincss school at, Oncontn: llilnh
Ncw York State Teachers assoclu» rump», ﬁler From-p and linuhsh a'
lion, DI“. Ht‘l'llltlllll COUIM‘IU 119v"llnrpcrsvillc; Hanti l’ol't‘lllo, ‘30.

 

 

malnut. comminsloncr of tcachcr “mmmmmg “I ovum”,
cducatlou and ccrtilicatiou. and
.l. (.‘aycc Morrison, loading cducu-
flot'. 'l'he plum: for this your prom—
‘mc to come up to the usual stan-
l

 

lilllll. J. NAGENGAS'I‘

““"“ “u l“ “w W‘s“ YOUR cochlear: FLORIST

’l‘hc fraternity also has its sociul‘

l'tult‘liullﬁ “10 mic?“ “mm mm” (‘orncr Ontario at licnson St.

the semi-annual banquet in honor
cf lhc new members.

i
l
‘ Ilun liurci
l

Today, the number of graduates}

l'.tn| (.ratlnn ('5 lillh

 

 

of Chi chapter has grown to throt-
lnmdrcd members, including trinity
prominent educators. Among the
present actch members are, [ill-
doubtcdly, runny lenders of tomor—
Stewart

STATE STUDENTS. . .
lint and Save at the . . .

IDEAL RESTAURANT

row perhaps president

 

 

Smith or vice-president WalterI H A ‘ I ‘
lltogers or secretary linrry Unlogl 1 (Ii/"trill AW”. ('01. Ltllk
ol' treasurer Paul Sapolsky. |

 

 

    

Goodman
ducted by a national music mach-lij
zinc by :1 luravr nmlm'ltv than iml’iuddcd two Iicrsonal awards to those
cvcr madc. Goodman \vlll bitty In ' of his band when he far outstripped

Bonny

Schenectady in his first cngagcmcnt
since the results of the poll \vcrc
altcr thc dance] 1,,

announccd, and
hcrc. will lcavc for lvlollywood.

'l‘hc Wintcr (.‘urnlvul ball, gala
cvcnt of the sports \vcckcml_ spon-
'x‘ll'l'tl by thc Junior Chnmbcr of
.ommcrcc, will l‘cuturc thc crown—
ing of thc Quccn of thc Wlntcr
(‘arnhal

| and

Roy Eldridge, colored band leader
t with an all-colored organization. was
‘rated the sixth best trumpeter in
the country in Downbeat, the na-
tionnl swing musicians‘ magazine
loftcn referred to as the "swing
bible.“ He was also named “All-
,Amcrican trumpeter" by Paul
} \\ hitcman. “king of jazz." The band
has just finished an eight-week
cngagcmcnt at the Arcadia ball-
.room in New York city. The com-
mittee on music has also stated
that several recordings of typical
Eldridge arrangements will be
played in the Commons soon.

y The juniors who will supervise
Junior week-end are: Catherine
O'Bi'yan, general chairman, VVil-
liam Hallcr, chairman of Junior
luncheon, and Stephen Kusak,
chairman of Junior ten (lance.

 

 

Ever-popular Goodman to Play
At Schenectady Winter Carnival

4:» " m. " ‘ . ' , ' "
An interesting innovation at the

dance will be the new "Sonotone"
public address system which makes
lit possible to hear the loudest or
softest notes in every part of the
large armory. A brush-crystal ini-
crophonc such as is used in the
large studies in Hollywood will be
used as part of the Thordeson am—
plifying system.

A new method of checking cloth-
ing has been deviscd for the
dance so that there will be no
delay such as has been experienced
on other occasions. Clothes will be
received over a seventy-ﬁve foot
table and over twenty people will
be able to deposit their clothes slin-
ultancously.

In the popularity poll. the smash-
ing triumph of Goodman and his
orchestra was made in all ﬁelds.
His hand had a ﬁve-to-three mar-
gin over the second place orches-
tra in thc swing band classiﬁcation.
and his "Scxtct," which will appear
Iat the Winter Carnival ball, was
in four—to-one winner over the sec-
10nd

 

placc small combination.
Flctchcr chdcrson, Goodman's

chief arranger, swept the field in
class, and Benny Goodman

thc ncarcst competitor among clari-
uctists and soloists.

addition to Goodman and
llcndcrson, othcr cntcrtaiucrs, top-
: ranking l'nvorucs of the dance world
‘nccording to flip results of the poll
will uppcur at the Winter Carnival
ball. ’I‘hcsc include Lionel Hamp—
ton. Zlggy Ehnan, Hclcn Forrest,
Toots Mondcllo.

 

 

at

New Armory
Dancing 9 to 1:30

 

Coming in person

Benny Goodman

And His World Famous Orchestra
(presented by MCA)

Schenectady
Winter Carnival Ball

Directed by Jack Reith Productions

Sale of tickets at State College by Cy Kilb, '41

 

the

February 3rd
$1.10 per person (inc. tax)

 

 
 

 

