 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEws 3?}:

Established May, 1916
By the Clan of 1919 '

Friday, October 11. 1040 No. 4
Member ' Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
your by the NEWS iiottrtl for the Student Association.
Telephones: ()i‘t‘lce, 5-0373; Murray, 3-2843; Clark, 4-0373
Entered as second. class matter Albany, N. Y., postoﬂice.

Vol. XXV

IIPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVIITIIINC IV

National Advertising Service, inc.
College Publisher: Rtpnmlatiw

42° MADIION AVI. NIW YORK. N. Y.

CHICAGO ' BOITOI ' LDC AIIIl-ll ' BAI rennet-co

The News Board

JOHN A. MURRAY _ _ EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
BEATRICE A. DOWER _ _ - CO-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ a _ CID-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK _ _ BUSINESS MANAGER
BETTY PARROTT .. _ .. ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY _ _ _ .. sPonTs EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ _ _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PASSOW _ _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
(imam
All communionlions should he utltlrt-xtted lo the editor and
must. be signed. Nomi-s will be withheld ttpon request.
Tile STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility

for opinions expressed in its coluptns’ or cotnmttniculions.
Its illil'll expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

D 8: Au-A Study in Myopia

Cornelia Otis Skinner has performed twice this
season in the Albany Area. Her ﬁrst appearance
was in July at the Mohawk Drama Festival, play-
ing the lead of “Biography”. The second was last
Thursday night under D 81 A auspices in Page Hall.
Both of these performances were marred by the
shortsightcdncss of the entrepreneurs.

Cornelia Otis Skinner was good in Schenectady,
though supported by a nondescript cast. Unfortu-
nately, only the hoi polloi seated in the very best
sections could hear her. The amplifying system was
inadequate.

Cornelia Otis Skinner was good in Albany. Very
good. Unfortunately, the Student Association could
not hear her. Page Hall was too small.

No one denies that l) 81 A needed outside support
to “put over" Miss Skinner. Nevertheless, the
council is expected to sponsor presentations for the
Student Association, not for tch people of Albany
and vicinity.

State students fortunate enough to secure tickets
were herded together like sheep or orphans at a
beneﬁt performance as Miss Skinner monologued
her way through the evening. Fire laws were broken
up and downstairs. An unjustifiable number of
seats were reserved. Not enough time was given
students to exchange tax tickets. No such oppor-
tttnity was given during the week previous to the
presentation.

If I) 81 A must exclude or seriously inconvenience
students in order to “cover” artists such as Miss
Skinner, at larger auditorium must be provided.
Cheaper artists is the alternative.

The Albany High School auditorium would have
been the ideal solution to the Skinner problem.
Larger and better equipped, it could have accommo-
dated a much greater attendance comfortably.
Students would have been scaled, fire laws would
have been observed, the artist would have had a
better opportunity to perform. Only permission
of the Albany Board of Education and the payment
of a nominal fee was needed to secure that audi-
toritttn. The addition to the overhead would have
been negligible. A few reserved tickets would have
“swallowed” it.

Iiramatics and Arts Council “missed the boat”.
The package was too large for the box.

Superficial Disapprobation

Ill the anxiety to assign reasons for events, stu-
dents will often condemn hastily. This is human
nature, and State students are human. They often
predicate their judgments on the tlimsicst material.
Complaints echo the length of the school at the
shortage of typewriters itt tch Commerce Depart-
ment. There are many other gripes. 'l‘his complaint
is natural. it is understandable. However, it is all
too readily forgotten that for the two typewriters
not available, there are forty others that are. All
too often the providence that gave us what. we do
havo is overlooked.

STATE COLLEGE NEws,

Cows, Barns, Degrees

FRIDAY, OCTOBER ll, I940

 

 r‘ '

I
lift on v ,

 

c: ..
GEORGE WASHINGTON
RECElVED ONLY ONE COLLEGE
DEGREE —-AN LLB. FROM
WASHINGTON mLLEEE, MD.

uNlVERStTY OF WIS‘CONSIN co-EDs‘ use
ENOUGH LIPSTICK ANNUALLY TO PAINT

FOUR 600D S‘tZED BARN?! THE AVERAGE

eo-ED COVER: Y9.E(=lsRso.I-‘EET OF LIP:

I

HE FIRST
EDUCATIONAL
ENDONMENT

IN AMERICA
INCLUDED TiE
GIFT OF

ll. "limb

:I' w I p

THREE
,' MILCH eons!

‘ V ’ //‘/ —
- Z ,IfT'iT
i/ '
 .I/H“ If ,

"'lN

 

 

 

 

 

vv—J

 

Readings and Records

 

Advanced Dramatics will open its
current season on Tuesday evening,
October 22, of one-act plays. From
that date on, two plays will grace
Slate's stage every Tuesday evening
until late in November.

the exhibition of theatre lore which
is holding all the tnouth of October.

designs, both contemporary and of
the past, and records of the theatre
from early days to the present, with‘
a section on Albany’s special part.
Many famous museums are cooperat-
n.g.

We enjoyed Cornelia Otis Skinner
very much last Week. She provided
an evening of simple. human enter-
tainment which struck at the heart
of everyone in the audience. Hcr
unique talent for character por-
trayal and her happy choice of
scenes made her program memora-
ble for us all. A professional critic
would perhaps say snc did not draw
ttcon that greater sure of talent
that she has. that she did not bring
to us tragedy of a noble cast, epic
tragedy. Be that as it may, it was
a rare treat Miss Skinner gave us,
and for that we thank her.

A word of censure, however, for
the Cottncil, we Were happy to find
that Page Hall was well filled. We
Were sorry. however, to be forced to
view Miss Skinner’s performance
from the edge of a chair placed
directly under a roof. The entire
floor of the auditorium was sold out
and students, for whom the series

Drama lovers will be interested in;
Albany Institute of History and Arti

It will inclttdc stage sets, costumci

The CIITII.

the Council wanted to make the
presentation a financial success. But
are we out to make profit or give
students a chance to see some of
the truly great artists? We should
decide.

The recording companies have
started the Fall scason with a num-
ber of discs that will soon be on the
turntable of every house on the
campus,

Columbia's Album Sci 0-32 in-
cludes nine favorites played in the
inimitable style of "The Master
Pianist of the Radio”, Eddy Duchin.
Duchin's wizardy plus the fine selec-
tion makes an unbeatable combina~
tion. Will Bradley offers Down the
Road a Piece and Celery Stat/cs at
Midnight, introducing a. trio that
should make waxplaters sit up and
take notice. Ray Noble adds his
orchestra to the Columbia Jazz Mas-
terwork list with a tone-poem, Har-
lcm Nocturne, backed by From
Oakland to Burbank. OKEH re-
leases Sonny Burke with a wax-
scnsation Jimmie Meets the Count
and Blue Sonata.

Decca scores two hits in its per-
sonality series. Mary Martin's sing-
ing makes Ain’t It (I Shame About
Mame a catchy little tune. I-iildc-
garde sings with a new twist, a col-
lection of six Vernon Duke favorites
in Album Hot “,9. Her soothing volcc
gives record collectors many a pious-
ant time. Jimmy Dorscy takes two
numbers that have been around for
some time, rearranges thetn, and
offers Whlsr'ring Grth and ’I‘ollcin’
In My Heart in a manner that

 

is brought here. Were forced to sit

in the balcony. We understand that

To the Editor of the NEWS:

under the Selective Service 1’]
College in the Rotunda of
October 10th, 1940.

own election district that (lay.

dents will be in the hands of ot
I. have appointed liociors

 

it is only human to complain, but . . . .

makes that record the number one
of the Decca Hit Parade.

Conscription Memorandum
Communication

All male students between the ages of Zl and 35, inclusive,
attending this institution will luth an opportunity to register

an of Registration lli'l'i‘ at the
Draper Hall on \\'t-Ilncsday,

The registration program is being inaugurach llt‘l't' to make
it more convcutcnt for you than it would be to go home. Male
students whose home is in Albany (‘ounly will register in their

hot the benefit of those Will) may not be aware oi the fact,
registrants must report to police officials the names of all
persons who have failed to register. A list of non~rcsltlcnt sin-

n' committee.
llcavcr, llolicll, l,illll(il‘ll, and

Ricnow, members of ottr faculty, to be ottr local registrants.
Please help them in this matter

(Signed) JottN M, Smalls,
Acting President.

 

 

State Slumber: On

The CommentstateI—————-

Walking around State halls last week I noticed some
little pink cards which said “College Daze". Did you
see them? Did they slap you right between the ears
as they did me? If they didn’t, it’s about time some-
thing dld—maybe this is it. It's worth a. try anyhow.

I mention “College Daze" because that paints a. good
picture of State College, 1940-41, so far. The college
is, generally speaking, down in the dumps. It crawled
down there on Activities Day and has been wallowing
in the rubbish of social stagnation ever since.

The freshman class came to State. What happened?
Nothing. The sophomore class formed a Black Legion
and what happened? Nothing. That morgue that used
to be the Commons may as well be closed. I'm sure
the three people who inhabit it could ﬁnd
some other place to sleep. Whether you
heard about it or not, the juniors and the
sophomores held receptions for the fresh-
men. They were mostly not social successes.

Recently, fraternities held smokers for the freshmen,
as is traditional; they were a total ﬂop. Likewise,
sororities held open houses for the freshmen. Con-
sensus indicates that they, too, were dull.

Spirit cannot be manufactured—it is a spontaneous
thing. It grows, if we can sow the seed. This is the
task of the upperciassmen, who know and revere the
traditions of State.

Tradition is the life blood of the college. It makes
it a college instead of an advanced high school. Spirit
is the life blood of tradition and we have no spirit.
You can see what the result will be. You as a group
can circumvent it.

Soon we will expose some more tradition in the form
of Campus Day. Shall we make it a bang-up day or
shall it join the ranks of the walking dead? For State’s
sake. wake up ! l l

Sans
Social
Success

I I 0

However some things have happened within and
about our halls through no fault of the students. Princ-
', ipal among the items of the week was
Mght the banning of intro-mural football on
Football the front Page Hall campus. No comment
M state on the cause or effect of this action is neces-
sary here. I shall accept it as a fact. Com-
ment and an appeal are necessary, however, to rectify
what I might call an injustice to our student body.
We have night football at State! On Monday and
Wednesday nights there were a total of thirty-four
unidentiﬁed athletes trodding on ground belonging to
State College students. The twenty-two who played
on Wednesday have increased the vandalic qualities of
a football game by playing eleven-man tackle dressed
in a motley array of football equipment. If we cannot
use this ground, may I make an appeal to the college
to take steps to restrict outsiders from doing so.

0 O I

Also something that happened in the natural course
of events was the official debut of Dean Sara T. De
Laney in assembly last Friday. Miss DeLancy made
a favorable impression on the student gathering with
her “Salamagundl” of scholastic and social standards
of conduct. One person was heard to remark, “It was
one of the best speeches I’ve ever heard
"0115""? in assembly." Apparently her genuine
lmpressesand unaffected delivery made her seem
Assembly at home in State. Being alone and lik-
ing it was also well presented in a man-
ner that sticks in one’s thoughts.
However, the one criticism that I would like to make
is that mention was made of “extra-curricular" activi-
ties. My point can best be made in the form of a ques-
tion: “Is there such a thing as an extra curricular
activity at State”? Many do not think so. They would
say that “extra class” is much more appropos in an
institution of this type. This is a minor matter, how-
ever: and I'm sure that our new Dean will find un-
dreamed-of cooperation from our students.

The WeeklyBulletin

ITALIAN ('IIIIII p'rlqn
Thu“. Wm I“. “u “Hm.” 'l‘lII- bureau's Work is be
I-lub meeting on \Vodtn-mlny “It: Hll’lnll‘ll and hampered
lll 7:30 p. m. in “W Lounge, by slttIlI-nls not reporting
l'rof‘ossor IlI-rgln will be I'lll‘k llilltll'lillill'l,\' on lends
the Hlll'lllil'l‘. ’i‘ht't't- will be I‘l'l'l‘h'l'll by the bureau. it
gntm-s llllll rt-t't'I-shtnoltiu '5 lllllll'l‘lllth' that they do
IIi'tI-rwurtls. l“i‘l‘Hllllll'|I lll'l' H't ‘
(Npl'l'llilly \vI-lI-omo. "1115' about one hundred
Anthony Hurdluco, "f 'lH‘ original tlIt'I-o httn-
l-.-,.,,|,1,.m, «trod IIppllI'IInIs llll\'l' re»
ALPHA “PMI'UN p". ::i'i[.‘.'llNll‘l‘l'll. The old llItItll'
[IltII of Alpha Epsilon l'ltl “All”“unnlxll‘HMLHMI [I’llmlwu
will l‘llillilil'i lI llUlIHt' wurmv plum”, will |,,. ,. “lilhftnd 0“
ing on Saturday. from 3:00 u, .‘l’llh NIH"
Io It::to p. III. ill lI.~I IIoII- W" """"‘V'
l'I'Hllll'lll't‘, Hill Washington ,,, ,,, mn‘ﬂur‘
.\\'I-nttt- All students lli't' “IAHWMJ “I‘LUHIINN
“IVHNL '.\l| I'ottlttbttilotm l'or llll'
Dori» (it'lnmllillll. “'3” II‘lﬁlll' 01' lhI- "Stilton
“mm. mun" for this your llIllNi be
In”, lilllili‘li'll In by October 1:].
There will be llll exhlhl "mm llﬁlrrvlufnh‘hllIln'
Ilon ol’ reproductions of , ,. I l”- H- I“.
I“|'l'lli'l| III-signs. mostly IIHWH "l “mu‘
fragments of l~‘t'I-nt'h lt-x- 'l‘l'“ l'i'W-‘i “lll'l'llll “'1”
ItlI-h, ln llll‘ I-orritiot' of tho I'u-“I‘t “Hi l'ill'lll'i 1" I!“ “lll'il
l‘l'i'llIH' floor of lirIth-r lmll “l” h." 'l'“ *illlli'lli lllllly l“
tinting llit‘ \\'l't‘li III' (It'itt Imitu'n ithl'lillll)’ to provide
h“. I, the itlll't'llll with information
“hm “um “I "nulth locum- lo l'l'li'llHt'H to home
Instructor iIt Art. “'“n I'iiilll‘r".
IN'I‘ II: It I-‘ltA’l‘IIlltN t'rr "I" I “' “Biwmm
(‘lHle‘III , “mm
TIM“ w“, ,w u “Wm”; HotIAI. (amusnau
ol' llllt'l'l'i'liil‘l‘illl) l'ttlllll'll in “imam.  '“uum‘wm‘m
lioom ll)! of lil‘npot' llllll on I'IK' HI." “mum” “mu.”
MoIIIlIIy ill 7:15 p. lli. “MW” him I" 31'
iiIIIIiiII lioIlIIor, m'lnl’m' I” 13’
I'I't-nhiont. 'llzlullﬁlf'", ‘1‘..w|{ilml' l ,I,
I It ' II il" _ I. I‘Illll'il I III '
H "0"!“ IAIN" together. Kappa Iioltt, house,
“11' Alumni ltvsltlenco Nzilll l’ M
not! will conduct ii IItrty I I
for tlornt freshman glr N to»
morrow from 8:00 In 11:00 fit'loitt‘l' ll ttottrloo (‘ont‘
I. In. llppcrt'ltms girls are IllHKltI . n vb I
nt'ltod to come if they have (than I'l.I “Thumb” “mnuu'

l‘II in p

(It'lllltt'r ill NI-tvntun (‘lub
l'llgrlmugt- to Attt'lcnviliu.

 

 

:ittiictt. All men of Stulo tlt'u lit'ilillt‘l' 10 r Cross-country
III it‘ll. run, Slate lil lit-lid.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, OCTOBER ll, I940

PAGE!

 

 

Maloney's
Baloney

 

J.R.M.
Tough Onel

Apparently We were a bit hasty
two weeks ago when we spent several
paragraphs hailing the beginning of
the first hitchiess intramural touch
football season in years.

Rumors of the first hitch swept
like wildfire through the student
body last Monday morning. Hushed
reports from the grapevine had it
that intramural football was no
more, that it had been abolished by
a sweeping decree of the “office up-
stairs". Gaining in momentum, the
rumors have persisted throughout
the week, accompanied by much
hairtearing and fingernail biting on
the part of the good council mem-
bers.

It seems that the administration
expressed displeasure at the way in
which the front campus was being
de-turfcd by athletic activity in
which both men and women were

participating. A new site for the

games had to be found, and in de-
creeing this. the administration
OKed a number of substitute grid-
irons. Among these were the
Huestcd and Dortn fields which have
since been put into use for the
completion of the schedule—we
hope with no tnore hitches!

Cheerleaders Again

The News last. week published an
editorial calling for some action by
the Student Association with re-
gard to outfitting our “crummy
cheerleaders" in presentable logs.
We understand that this has caused
consternation among MAA Council
members. Ottr sentiment is that the
appropriation for such uniforms
should come not from the MAA
budget. but from the Student Asso-
ciation surplus. We say this. risking a
sharp kick in the seat of the pants
by one Mr. Cooper!

A pertinent suggestion has been
made to this department which
seems worthy of being passed on.

Necessary amendment should be
made by the Association this year
so that future cheerleaders will be
picked by MAA on the sole basis of
ability, instead of being elected by
the student body as in the past.
Under such a system, cost of out-
fitting would be borne by MAA,
with a specific sum set aside in its
budget for that purpose.

We put this forth as a plan
for future years. For the current
season, Student Association should
pay from its surplus.

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
Dinners 25c and Up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundries
7:30 A. M. —- 11:00 1’. M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

 

For State College Bowlers:

RIIIE ALLEYS

Western anti Quail

Mercury Squad
Loses Contest
To Morrisville

lnvading Team Has Four-Man Tie;
Agnello Leads State Runners

Over Washington Park

Experiencing their ninth consecu-
tive defeat in an equal number of
meets, the State college cross-coun-
try sqund came ottt on the short end
of a 16-39 score in their tncet with
Morris-ville last Saturday.

A record turnout appeared in
Washington Park to watch the locals
make their initial bid for a success-
ful season. The running length was
about three miles. The tltne of 17:48
may be considered pretty fair travel-
ing for the modern Mercurians.

Four Way The

The first four who crossed the fin-
lsh line were all of the invading out-
fit. This resulted in the unusual
phenomenon of a four-way tie
among Harvey. Kellog, Brewer, and
Rowler. The next six, in order of
their appearance at the terminal
point were Agnelio, State; Barnes,
Morrisville; Marshall, State: Hall,
Morrlsville: Hansen, Slate: and
Miller. State.

Agnello, State captain, crossed the
lime strip in eighteen minutes flat.
The next State man was a newcomer
in the squad, Verne Marshall, who
seems to be a very promising lad.
Bill Miller also showed a classy pair
of wings in the contest.

Aggits at Peak

Although tch State fleet has been
practicing only a couple of weeks.
and without the direction of a
faculty guide. their opponents seem
to have been more fortunate in
their training. For the past four
weeks the Aggies were carefully
watched over by their athletic ad—
viser and showed up in the peak of
form.

Assisting manager Cooke in or-
ranging for the meet were Howard
Lynch, Warren Wagner. Mac Cap-
pon. Dottg Manley, Bob Laurer, Bill
Heller. and Les Gcrdts.

The next meet will take place at
Delhi on October 19 which will afford
the locals another two weeks of
practice. It is confidently expected
that the Statesman will be in better
condition to compete with their
highly-regarded opponents.

Netsters May Finish
Tournament in Week

The tennis tournament. which got
under way last week is now in full
swing. It has already passed the half
way mark and with the semi-finals
coming up, the tournament is ex-
pected to be completed by the end
of next week.

Excellent weather conditions dur-
ing the past few weeks have made it
possible for the continuation of the
tournament and for its probable
cotnpletion this fall.

A few of the players have taken
real advantage of this fine weather
to smash their way closer to the
championship. C. Oarr. B. Bern-
hardt, and S. Levon have won enough
matches to cotne within striking dis—
tance. Others, like Manley and Stone
have been able to advance without
much effort, for despite the ideal
weather, there have been a ntttnber
,ol‘ defaults.

I

Bunkers weekend.

of the year is scheduled to start this
afternoon and to continue through
Sunday. General chairman Susie!
Wing, and her fellow campers plan'
to have Albany about 4:30 P. M.
and lrrt"cl to Chatham by train.
One of the features of the weekend
will be a ten-mile hike tomorrowi
which will count toward Lotta Bunk- ,
"rs credit. This weekend also affordsi
an opportunity for a nutnbcr ofl
:hortcr hikes to be taken for similar
(Tl-(iii. i
Dr. Lester. instructr of mathcma—“
tics. and h’iss Shorcday. manager of
James Fcnimore Cooper house and
Juniper-II. are expected to be at the‘I
Cami) tomorrow as guests of WAA.
’lesides hiking and games. lots of fttn
is promised. Plenty of court food1
cooked over the fireplace will be one
of the outstanding attractions. l
, ( lit
.II_\' that it gets mighty cold and that
Iumy warm blankets are in order.
The girls should not count on obtain-

camp.

Mob in News Office
Makes Series Bets

People are asking what
caused the excess mob in the
Activities Oﬂice this week.
After a terriﬁc struggle to get
to the front, we ﬁnally dis-
covered a radio broadcasting
the World Series was to blame.

Peri-mutual betting was
heavy throughout the earlier
part of the weckwsomc people
got as high as a ten-cent coke.
The odds until Tuesday were
about even between the Reds
and the Tigers. Now, some
smart people, Maioncy includ-
ed, arc grinning smugly over
their cokes while we wrong-
gucsscrs add ten cents more in
the budgct’s miscellaneous col-
mnn.

l

V'vvv’ ‘ ‘  ’   7

ittew I94!
’ PHILGO

 

Dial 8-9038

 

 

I50 BOWLING

From 0:00 A. M. to 0:00 P. M.

 

 

EIISE’S HAIR DRESSING
IIAIIt s'rvus'r

Transilone

 

Licensed Zotos Shop
805 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

COMPACT RADIOS OF
QUALITY

 

 

 

 

 

 

Good Food in A Friendly,
Comfortable Atmosphere

HERE'S

Western at Quail

Model I”l‘-25 only

 

 

$9.95
Hill Appliance Shop

112 Central Ave.
l’hone 4-1160 Albany, NY.

 

 

 

Camp Weekend Starts Today;
Hiking, Games, Fun Promised

WAA's CAMP JOHNSTON--|ocat¢d on a hill over Chatham and
built by the association in 1932, will be the scene of the Lotta

 

——_——— 0:
The first Camp Johnston weekend,

l'il.lllliil‘l”l. it suffices to '-

ing any after they arrive at the‘

 

 

WAA Tidbits

Due to the fact that “the
grass on the campus in front
of Page Hail needs a rest,”
hockey practice will now take
place in front of Huested at
the regular time. All freshmen
and sophomore women are
ttrged to attend hockey prac-
tice to enable them to par—
tici‘mte in the rivalry game
on Campus Day.

It 0! It!

Swimmers seem to be scarce,
but Fran Shapley and Winnie
Bner want to see an increase in
numbers this afternoon. The
hours are pasted on the WAA
' Lilll'iiil board.

vim

Drink
W'

Delicious illitl

\ Rt‘itcsltittg

,FOOtbaII e

Shifts Stadiums
Kappa Beta and College Home

Score Initial Victories on

New Football Fields

The men's intramural touch foot-
ball league is in the same position
as the horizontal prize-fighter, who
is down but not out. It took a heat-
ing in that three games were for-
feited and in the fact that four
games were skipped because of the
controversy with the administration
over playing fields.

The new field in front of Huested
was inaugurated by the KB-SLS
game which the Kappa Beta boys
won 19 to 0. The game was a lot
closer and more fiercely fought
thin the one-sided score would indi-
ea e.

On the field in back of the Sigma
Lambda Sigma house on Ontario
Street, the Fresh bowed to College
House in their fourth successive loss.
The big difficulty with the Frosh
team is their inability to really work
together as a unit. The individual

 

Football Standings
W

Potter Club ............ ..
Kappa Delta Rho
Ramblers
Kappa Beta  
College House .............. ..
Sigma Lambda Sigma 0
Frosh 0

.wa—Hcoo l"
cap-ewe: t-Ii

 

 

Fresh players are doing all right,
but if one six-man team was left
in there for the game so they could

 

,get used to each other it might be
of some help.

The outlook for the rest of the
season is very bright. There are
only 11 more games to be played.
iWith any kind of a break at all on
the Weather, the 1940 Intramural
touch football championship should
be decided by the end of next week.

“a

 

Good things to eat . . .
and ice-cold Coca-Cola.
You see it everywhere, be-
cause the life and sparkle
and taste of ice-cold
Coca-Cola add something
to food that everybody
likes. Try it yourself..

PAUSE THAT REFRESHES

Bottled under authority of The Coca-Cola Co. by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO.

226 N. ALLEN STREET

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

 

