 

  
   
  
 
  
  

 
  

       
    
      
  

 

 

 

     
   

Page 6

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, jANUARY 12, 1940

 

Courses Change
In Social Studies

College Department Offers
Comprehensive. Exam
to Junior Class

Juniors wishing to major or
minor in the social studies and
who have yet to pass the required
comprehensive must report for such
examination Friday, February 2 at
9:00 o'clock in room 201. All per~
sons planning to attend should in-
form Dr. Donnal V. Smith, professor
of social studies, immediately.

Last spring when the comprehen-l

sive examination was offered. the

department withheld approval of

certain students for various reasons.

It is for their beneﬁt that the pres-

ent examination is being conducted.
Course Changes

Students planning to take History
120 are advised that this course
will not be oﬂ‘ered next semester.
History 150. Reconstruction of the
Social Studies. will be offered at
a new hour on Mondays, Wednes-
days, and Fridays. Members of the
class will determine if the hour is
to be 8:00-9:00 or 4:35-5:25 o’clock.
Programs should be revised accord-
ingly.

Dr. Smith also announced that
a new course, History 22, has been
added. The revised catalogue an-
nouncement follows:

History 22. Contemporary Euro-
pean Affairs. Major political, eco-
nomic, social. and military prob-
lems of Europe today. Special
attention will be paid to Inter-
national Diplomacy since 1934.
Mrs. Egelston. ’l‘Th 2:35. 4 hours.

Beik Replaces Hidley

Replacing Mr. Clarence A. Hidley
on the college faculty next semester
as assistant professor of history will
be Mr. Paul Beik. son of Dr. Arthur
K. Beik, professor of education.
Preceptees of Mr. Hidley will have
Dr. Smith as their advisor this year.
Mr. Beik is now studying for his
doctorate at Columbia University.
He secured his MA. degree from

 

Jitterbugs Will Jive
_ Again On Wednesday

Vic Victrola and his Record
orchestra will hang out the sec-
ond of the pure, undesecrated,
jump, Jitter, jive. swing. un—
sweetened music or what—have-
you sessions in the Commons of
Hawley hall Wednesday noon.

The session promises to be the
hottest thirty-five minutes that
State's jitterbugs have had to
date. and saner students have
already protested that the vic—
trola is subjected to too much
heat during these periods.

Nevertheless. Wednesday noon.
State swingsters will meet in the
second of a series of all-swing
programs.

 

 

Freshmen to Conduct

Matticc Is General Chairman;
Victrola to Supply Music

The freshman class will enter-
tain itself Friday night from 8:30

duct its annual party in the Lounge
of Richardson hall. Mildred Mat—
tice is general chairman.

Music will be furnished by the
victrola. Said one member of the
freshman class. “At last the jiving
frosh will be able to let loose with-
out a lot of alligator tipperclassmcn
cluttering up the floor and getting
in our way. You can be sure that
the music will be anything hilt cool
Friday night."

 

 

follows: arrangements, Jack Smith.
chairman, Nancy Walko. Shirley
Siege]. and Harold Singer; refresh-
ments. Patricia Gibson. chairman.
Gloria Cammurata. Alice Purcell.
Rita Hickey. and Joseph Levin; en—
tertainment. George Kunz, chair—
man. Esther Stuhlmakcr. Bryant
Taylor, and Barbara Kerlln: clean—
up. Ira Friedman. chairman, Wil-
liam Phipps, Harry Kolker, and
Philip Jensen; publicity, Marion
Adams. chairman. Jane Curtis. Alina
Jewell. and Peter Marchctta.

 

State college in the summer of
1938. .

The party is open to all fresh-
men.

 

THE WEEKLY BULLETIN

Thi’s bulletin will be lll(‘ medium

for all itiiiiollnccmculs of an official

nature. Students and factu arc rcqucstcd to loolc to Hire hulchi-ii for
information. Notices for the bulletin must be in the NEWS mailbox:
not later than 5:00 o'clock on tho l'l/(Hlllcmlttl/ of each publication tocclc.

 

l.ll$lt.\lt\'

’l‘lit- .\‘lnlc l-olll-gl- library will 1w
()lli'll I"l‘lilll_\' night. .liiuuiiry ‘_'Ii 2i~ is
cithoiiiui'y duriiii.r oxuiulnuliou‘. llow
cvci‘, Illl'l'i‘ is it possibility that It \\‘Ill
be ('Illrtt'tl oii ll'rlliuy iiigiii. .lniiuui'y Iii
Iii-cuiisc ot' u .\lllni- iiiin school ilillli'l’
Ill tho 1'oniiiions ol' Iliiwluy IIliII on Iliill
night.

.\Iiiry l‘l. ('nlili.
“ll‘t'l'lllr of tho collcm- IIlll'ili').

.\It'l‘

.\ group of l'l'l'lli'li llwsiirnel in lit-ni- i
dictus ill'i' now on display on llii‘ sl-v
oiill floor of lli‘upi-r Iiuil. 'l'ih- n’oritwl
ili'l‘ i'rilgnii-nin' of i'li||||tli'll' llt-xlullrs' tori
rugs lllllI Ill‘illli‘l'll‘\ liurint.r Ihc wl-l-lil
of January 17:. IIli‘I‘I' will inn :1” I‘XIIIIIII‘
ni' lilocl: IlI'IIIIl'II ll-xliIl-s :inll him-ksi
WIIIl illlisirulioin oi' Ihl- proimss «in '
"his i'\IlIIiII which is lliv
' .\liriuni 'i'il-|.. '10.
the library cxhiiiit l'llN'i'

"lllll I'I. Iliiil-liiiis,
Aulhtnni l’rui'l-mor of t'luc Itl'lN.

will lil- in:

NY.‘

’l‘liuo slim-ls I'oi' llll' [wi'iml culling
.liinlilli'y 1?: must lo' l'l'IIII'IIi'II to llil' -
NYA iii-sic. not Iitll‘l‘ Ilinii noon on
January 1:. Time nniy Ili‘ .‘iIlU\\'II
through January in

Hosiii'll l‘l.
I’Il'l'l‘lltl‘.
I"1‘l‘lll

'I'lic I'iii'i-tlnn- I'lllllililj‘lllt'lll Illil‘i'.l|l
will illljil‘t‘t'llllt’ n l'lqmi'l up all l-.i.i_
()IlIillllt‘tl through II In h'l‘i‘lt I'i'i'lll'il~ III:
to «into unit in l'i'lllt‘lll l‘i'll'nilij i'l-lutioip.
Willi prosii-I-ilvo l'llllllltlll'i‘d.

All Hillti'lllrl Illll‘l'l‘nli'll Ill pui'l tinn-

l"l|Il'IllllII(. l
i

Jun. 1':

Jun. 1517

Work for sol-ond si-iiil-sll-r should |l|ilI\'I‘
iIn-li' s'pl-l'llil iii-cits ltnonu Io iln- Iill
l‘l‘illl.

'l'hci‘l- ill'” h'l‘\'l‘l':lI liourll illlII room
positions for Willlli'll uiid positions :ll
i'orliing hourll or room rcspcciircly tor
lill'll.
lu‘ilgur .v\ I't'ri'ctz,

.\liiry Juni- .\Iiianiunrn.
Directors.

S(l('l.\l. CALENDAR
.\‘iilil- rs. .\‘liiguru l'ull'i-rslly.

I’uu'c hull. \..".li o'i-iol’it,
inn. 1:! l-'|l~inl-ntiir,\' liruniutics Ill'lllllI-

mist, \\'iiI\'il, T'Illl li'l'llil'k,
luiorl'i'uIcriilly lliill. Loungl- ol'
Itil-iiiii'dsoii IlllII. ill 00 Hill” 'Jrllll

li'l'liu'li.
i.in. ll ltl-l-l-plloli for Moss oi ill,
lll'nn III-Ion illill .\Illl't'lilllil. -'lll Wins!»

01'“ .\\'o. 1:11” liiilil Il:iiil o'clock.
ion. 10 i-Jlonii-niui'y lirunnilics ploy-4.

l’.igl~ Inill :itnilloriuni. Milli o‘clock,
ion. 17 Swing session, l‘omiuons. |::oo

illillli.
12in. lli I'II'I‘hIIlllt‘III

llicilnrtlson linll.

ii'l'Im‘,

|iiii‘|\'.

, Loungi- ot‘
hillli

until 1': on:

Itlll. ill .\‘Iuio \‘s,
\ Illi ii'l'liil'lt

I'i':iii. I'ugo lnill.

 

 

PRIVATE SCHOOL and
COLLEGE BUREAU

oi'l‘i-rn u rclliiiilc wrllcl- lo It'lH'Ill'l'N.

nnd to school litiurih uiid M'Iliilil

ol'l'li-iuin, It) rl-coiiiiiiciiillullr ullulll‘lcll

ll'ilt'llt‘l'h, prol'i-moi'» nnll [liliit'N for

Nlllltllilt‘ IIUNHIOIIN-

I7 l'lunt ll'itli ﬁt. NI-u \‘til'lt. \. Y.
ltlllli .\. Htui‘l‘ortl, lllrcclor

 

 

(loo. 1). Jconcy. Prop.

Boulevard

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

and Grill

liliil 5-1013

Cafeteria

 

 

ALBANY, N. Y. I

 

 

 

  

II

 

 

Annual Party Friday?

i

to 12:00 o'clock when it will con-1

Committees for the affair are as;

 

i

 

  
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 

 and I’m happy to present the
combination of the Andrews Sisters
and my band for your pleasure every
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.”

. . . GLENN MILLER

It’s agreat tie-up . . . America’s No.1
Cigarette for more smoking pleasure
. . . America’s No. 1 Band for dancing.

Chesterﬁeld is the one cigarette with
the right combination of the world ’s
best cigarette tobaccos. T hat’s why
Chesterﬁelds are DEFINITELY MILDER
TASTE BETTER and SMOKE COOLER.

Everyone who tries them likes the
Cigarette that satisﬁes . . .
You can’t buy a better cigarette.

 
   
    

ibc coo/or. . . belle/Liaising
Off/M721 y Ill/[DIR cigarette

 
  

o Cbeslerlield'i
glbhrh‘Mliier Program
3 nights a Week Thundoy

do Wednesday and 1'
N" bit 10 o‘clock E.  .
All Columbia Stations

 
     
 
  

PATTY

 
 

LAVERNE

MAXENE

Copyright 1910. LifiGi'l'i tit. Mrizns 'l'oiwui Co.

 
  

State College News

 

 

 

Z-443

Simlm COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1940

van. XXIV, N0. 1'5

 

 

Bureau Reports i
List of Changes,
New Placements

Seniors Will Attend Series
of Education Meetings
During February
Mr. Paul G. Bulger, director of
the Student Employment bureau,
has announced the results of a sur—
vey concerning the placement status

Albany Town Meeting

To Present Morrison.

The Adult Education Council
of Albany is sponsoring a series of
discussions under the title of “The
Albany Town Meeting" which are
conducted every Wednesday eve-
ning in Room 20 of Richardson
Hall at 8:00 o'clock. On Wednes-
day evening. the Albany Town
Meeting will present Dr. J. Cayce
Morrison as guest speaker. ac-
cording to Dr. Donna] V. Smith,
professor of social studies. and
moderator for each discussion.

Dr. Morrison will speak on the

 

of 1939‘s gi‘RdUﬂEES. The report topic. “Is the Cost of Education
included the number of students too High?" He was appointed
who have changed positions and assistant commissioner of re-

done substitute work for the past
school year. Bulger also announced
that the series of educational con-
ferences which was started yester-

search in the state education de-
partment last year and is well—
known as an educator and ice-
turer.

 

College Students
Begin Broadcasts

Orchestra String Section
to Present Program
Over Air Waves

State college inaugurated its 1940
radio schedule yesterday with the
production of a program in honor
of Carl Sandburg over station
WOKO at 4:30 o'clock.

Mr. Louis C. Jones, instructor in
English, announced the program.
Dr. Harold W. Thompson, profes-
sor of English. spoke on Sandburg
its the poet.
Joseph Cappicllo, '40. Hyman Meltz,
'4], Thomas Augustine and Vill-
cent Miller, sophomores, and Byron

 

day will be continued during Feb—
ruary.
Seventeen Secure Positions

The following is a list of the
people who have secured positions
during the past few months:

Alice Hastings. '40. Hyde Park.
library: Kenneth Elmore. ’40, South
Kortright. science and mathematics;
Elaine Morse, '39. Mooers central,
French and history; Iona Cole, ‘39.

 

Carl Sandburg
“LS—[133k Here

Poet Will Talk on Lincoln,
Tell Humorous Tales,

Argyle. social studies and Latin; .

Marion C. Warner. '39, Waverly. 5mg Fon‘ songs
commerce; Babbett Hutzlaub. ‘34. W.
Ossining. mathematics; Bergen Suy- Carl Sandburg. American Poet.

will appear on the stage of Page
hall Tuesday at 8:15 o‘clock. The
general admission is $1.00. Student
tickets will cost fifty cents. This pro-
scntation is under the auspices of
the Student Christian association.
Mary Miller. '41. is general chair—
man of arrangements.

Although Sandburg has made sev-
eral tours of the country and was
in Albany four years ago, this will
be his first appearance at State.

l'lis lecture will consist of coin-
monts on the life of Abraham Liti-
coln, anecdotes. and folk songs. rcn-
tIi‘l'Ctl with his own uccompniiiment.
from his own Auturl’r'oii Song/lulu.

dam. '36, Greenwich. mathematics;
Ralph Hoag. ‘40. Delmar. commerce;
Margaret Noonan, '40. Hudson. ele-
mentary; Donald Eddy. '34. Wap-
pingers Falls. English; Emily Baiii.
’37. Ilion, library; Dorothy Potts.
‘40. New York Training School for
Girls, Hudson. personnel assistant;
Thomas Ryan. '38, Mechanicvlllc.
English; Helen Mahar. ‘35. Pclham
Manor. library; Russell Cantwcll.
'40. Carbon Hill. Alabama. history;
John Collinson. '40. Tuppcr Lake.
science; Thomas Parrott. '30. New-
burgh. German.
Conducts Educational Meeting
The series 01' educational nicot-
lugs is being conducted in room 20
at 4:30 o'clock, The second meeting
will luch as its topic. “How to
Write Letters 01' Application. Fol-
low-up. and inquiry." The commit-
tee m Chm.” conmsts, 01 Lobuse Mr. uiill Mrs. Lcllyurll Cogswcli. Jr..
Hcsmloy and wall” Rogers‘ whim?" Q Mrs. lildmuud Huyck, Professor and
It Will be conducted on FClJllll113’1Mrﬁ' Hum, W. Hastings, Dr. and
10' , . . *Mrs. John M. Sliylcs, Dean and
The "mm Infimmg wm ml“ Dulce Mrs. M. (l. Nelson, Miss Hclcii Hull
“1.1 February 22‘ with n. (115611521911 ‘ Morclliiid. Dr. I‘Iill‘OItI \V. ’I‘hompson.
01 P‘lrm'ml I""““V“?W“‘B mm 1m,— M1‘. and Mrs. Louis C. Jones. lllltl
soiiul Appearance of the Applicant. Mm A. [L Brubncher'
Tho conuuiltcc is: Mary Jane Bulk. '. I
Mun. A. Muriunu‘ Emma. Shufelt‘i licltcluwtli bc on solo on lllt“ low-
Wnl'mm [hpmom Jpn“ Dopinppol .cr 1 oor oi l)rupcr hull. 111 tlic Co—op.
011mm,“, Mum“,er Robert M,,,._ and ill I()('11I hook and music shops.
tin and [i‘l'ctlci‘ick chd. seniors, Miss Hclcn Curtis. permanent
As 11 concluding feature 01' thls‘sccrctury of llli‘ Student. Christian
scrics oi' incciings. tch supervising association. t‘ccls confident that in
principals haw bccn uskcd to con- vlcw oi“ ihc favorable reception given
duct u panel discussion of lllt' topic Sandburg at. previous appearances
“What thc High School Principal in this area a capacity audience of
Looks for In it Beginning Teacher." students and Albanians will attend.

Interview With State Students
Shows Divided Opinions on Pans

0. .

Whiit iiiukcs Sliili.‘ college laugh N“ m“ m” or "‘ ,Iuwsmm. Tout“
now that ’I'llc Lion is no more? “I”. To.” “1”” km“ 0'" L01: ’L
(pardon us while we wipe the Opinion is cvidcnily divuicd hero
Hmvkm, O” 01”, mm, for iiiiiiiy of the persons ccliocd

, , tho scutinients of Shirley V1111 Viilk-

Lust weck, your Inquiring Re-

, lulllllll'glli “Anybody thut cracks u
porter iirmcd With it notebook and i W“ we, SO Stupid,”
the good Niiws pencil, attacked any Ginny Mitchell' :40. puts in u
happy-looking individual with the good “,0”, rm. “the kind you may
query, "What is your favorite typo

, W, on somebody else." Again there is
0" WM" Am] wmu‘ mime“ ‘Ud W“ ,divisiou. Len lx’owulsky. '40. Is an

i

the affair will include: Governor
and Mrs. Hcrbcrt l—l, Lchmiin. Dr.
iiiill Mrs. I‘IL‘l‘llltlll Coopcr. Judge
and Mrs. Ncwton B. Vun Dcrzcc,

 

 

 

3"” I‘im' "ml w” “nu” “’11 "H,uiitl-pructicul jokc man. for “it
(“Will I”"“"“"“”y" ‘vlolutcs my conception of the ac-

Vlctlui number ouc was 13111 copied codc of ethics." (Join the
“1‘00th "My “H'W'ili’ Mild 0f News and build up your vocubu-
301‘”? Funny mics! Short. £00. Int-y.) Ilc prefers the Collcyc Hunt-
llkc: ‘ type. For further dotiiils soc

(Si-c lli'opliy).

Muiloliiio Sccsiiy's fuvorito jokes
are "the kind who ui'ouiid:l'iilll'WcliUHH Illimm‘i '1‘» liming: S.
during initiation." situation; R. response; 1’, person-
Pointless jokes have u followlngrillilm mid J. hike; the quality 0"

\‘Vhy Is the cruiibci'i'y rod?" or

liill Dorrllhco or Mike Wnlrlitli.

I liob l’uttoii, '41, says: “Given [-1
walk

too. their chief proponents being any joke "my be found by the fol-
llutty Clark, [to Frey. and Mary lowlul.r formula:
'l'l'uinor. “(T-+38) H I

lfiut Jennie llycrson is of a dif— RP W +‘
fcrcnl turn of mind. "Anything but And we like the reply of the pro-
tho klud thut leave you way up in cocious freshman who “likes the

Benton. ‘43. Songs from Carl Sand-
burg's American Songbag were sung
and Gail Kcrste, graduate. com-
mented upon the poet as a teller
of children’s stories.

String Section

The string section of the State
College Symphony orchestra will
receive further deserved recogni-
tion as a separate unit of the or-
ganization when it broadcasts on
station WOKO Thursday afternoon.
The strings will go on the air at
4:00 o'clock with a program of mu—
sic conducted by Bernard Perl-
man, '42.

The group played at the Elemen—
tary Dramatics presentations the
Tuesday preceding examination week
and was well received by the au-
dience. Perlman relinquished the
baton to Merrill Walrath. '41, who
appeared as guest conductor that
evening.

Neutrality Discussion

On February 22 at the sumo time
lover the some station. the State
.0011ch Radio Guild will present a
puncl discussion on “Neutrality in
Three Wurs." Mr. Jones will be
the chairman of the group. These
,wlio will cuter into the discussion

 

 

'l‘lic putroiis and piitroncsscs for "1'03 Mi‘h'. Mill‘ihll 13150181011. INSU‘UC-i

[or in history. Mr. Wallace ’l‘uylor.
lliillllt‘l'vlh'ill‘ of social studies, und Mr.
:\\’urrcn I.)L‘ll.‘~tlil()l't‘, supervisor of

Illiiglish.

’I‘Iic iiiutcriul for the pi‘ngrliiii will
covcr thc llircc curi'ciit wars the
iSiiio—anuiicsc, the Aiigln-(lci'muii.
innit lIlt' Ilusso-Ii‘iiiuish.
‘will i'cvolvc around the question:
"'i‘lic position of the llnltcd Stutcs;
is it iicutrul. cuu it siuy neutral
and will it. sluy iicuti'lil?" Em—
phasis will ulso full on the part
our country will play in tho I’un-
Anici'icilii setup.

1 All tlic Stutc rudio pi'ogi'iiiiis ui‘c

uudci' ilic dircctioii of Willilim (i.
“only. instructor of English, A
low minutes ot‘ each program will
he given to the NEWS for items of
college interval.

The progrunis are under the su-
pcrvision of Grcnfel Rand. o. for-
lllL'l‘ Student ussociiitloii prcsidciit.
iliid nrc sponsored by tho cducu-
tioiiul dcpiit'tniclit of \VOKU.

Kelly AppointsClark

 

 

Book Exchange Head

Lloyd Kelly. '40. president of the
Student association, has appointed
Ralph Clark. '41. as chairman of the
new used book exchange committee.
The book exchange begun opera-
tions Tuesday and is open frotn 10:00
to 2:30 o'clock daily. It is located
in the small room oil the annex.

Blinks which are to be sold are
brought to the exchange where they
are registered. The books are sold
for cash and the money returned
to the owner less a minimum fee
of $05 which is deducted from the
purchase price.

Other members of the committee
are Betty Prltcliard, ’41; Carmen
Coppolo and Anthony Ingoglla.
sophomores; Rita Hickey and Joseph
Levin. frcsluneu.

The used book cxhaug‘e was ap—
pi'chd by Student association at the
last business meeting and put upon
a probationary basis for the semes—

 

tho 1dr. 1 love puns the kilid that kind of jokes my teachers toll."

 

tcr after which it will be brought
to another vote.

 

Poems were read by‘

liitcrcstl

“ li‘or Sandburg this is one ninong

 

South Will Contribute

To Educational Boole

Dr. Earl B. South. assistant
professor of education, has been
invited to participate in the writ-
ing of a dictionary in education,
defining terms used in that field.
He is one of 150 specialists in the
United States who have been ask-
ed to contribute to the project.
The volume which is planned for
completion in 1942 will contain
some 19,000 terms.

South will cooperate with Dr.
H. D. Rinsland of the University
of Oklahoma. He will compose
the section on examinations.

This project is sponsored by Phi
Delta Kappa. America's profes-
siolial educational fraternity. Dr.
Carter V. Good of the Teachers’
college of the University of Cin-
cinnati is general chairman of
the entire project.

Swedish Author
To Speak Today

Activity Heads Will Meet
to Consult on Slashes
in School Budget

IJuniors Complete

Plans for Dance
And Gala Weekend

Roy Eldridge’s Orchestra
to Play for Junior Prom
at Aurania Club

With voting over for the Junior
Prom queen from a field of five can-
didates including Beatrice Dower,
Alma Knowles. Miriam Newell, Lona
Powell, and Madeleine Scesny. ar-
rangements are almost complete for
Junior Weekend. Roy Eldridge, fam-
ed colored trumpet player. and his
all-colored orchestra will furnish the
music for the Junior Prom which
will take place Friday from 10:00
to 2:00 o'clock at the Aurania club.

Saturday Luncheon

The Juniors will lunch on Satur-

ay. February 17, at Jack's restaur-
ant at noon. The annual tea dance
will be in the Ingle room of the
Alumni Residence hall from 2:30 un-
til 5:30 o'clock. Bob Reid and his
orchestra will play for this dance.

Prices for each of these events are
as follows: Junior Prom bid, $3.50;
Junior luncheon. $.85; and Tea
Dance, $1.50. A blanket bid will be
arranged covering all three affairs.

Roy Eldridge is Well known in
music circles. His trumpet playing
has been rated as the sixth best in
the cou ntry by Dmmibcat, na-
tional swing musician‘s magazine.
Paul Whiteman, “King of Jazz." has
named Eldridge as his choice for
“All-American trumpeter." Eldridge
and his orchestra have played in
many famous dance halls and res—
turants and are now completing an
engagement in the Arcadia ball-
room in New York city.

Dr. Harold Thompson, professor
of English, and Dr. Donnal V. Smith,
professor of social studies. will be
guest speakers at the luncheon.

Reid to Play

Bob Reid. last appeared at State
college when he played at the In-
tel-fraternity brill. Reid’s orchestra,

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dr. Gustaf Muiithc, noted Swe-
dish author, lecturer, and connois-
seur of arts and crafts. will be
guest speaker at this morning's
student assembly. The subject of
Dr. Muntlic‘s talk is “The North-
crn Democracies in the Present
World Crisis."

Dr. Muntho has published six
books. most of them dealing with
either ill‘LS and crafts or travel.
He has been director of the Arts
and Crafts Museum in Gothcnburg
since 1024. retaining the position
of president of the Gothcnburg So-
cicty of Arts lind Crafts.

Among his most important works
are Slrctclu's from. the Orient and‘
Old Amcrican Furniture and Home
,Iiilci‘iors.

I Lloyd Kelly. '40. president of Stu—
‘dcnt association, announces that
thcrc will be no business duringplllying boiii swch and swing mliSlc
lthc mot-ting. However. a mocting,‘hns appeared ntStaic collegeanum-
of all uctiviiy heads and members ber of times. His orchestra will play
of thc Stndcut BOlll‘tI of Finance. 1at the Junior Tea Dance to be con-
hus bccu culled. to discuss a means ditcth in the Iiiglc room of the
for cutting the budget since the Alumni Rcsidcncohttlls Saturday of-
"line by line" out has been dcchtci-noon from 2:30 to 5:30 o’clock.
i-d inadvisable by Finance Btlzll'tl.‘iCOll/l’llitl'd on page I], column 2)

 

 

 

I Sandburg, Teople’s Poet, toiTell
Anecdotes and Sing Folk-Songs

I) William Dorrance ‘* ' “
Sonic t‘lmc ugo one of America's MET”? Junlevs‘ Ambmw Jack-8m"

greatest poets left his home in .” ,ll‘fiﬂmil. Pgll§ﬂel'l,l‘n‘iyfe.want)?!" .
' Mlcmgun rm [Lleuurc tour or Am' } cilnuix LlloeuLllll::(llllbhtnlill; l’hli'oStwhn
cricu. cht lucsduy night, Uliltgst-udehm M he will “Hey. U (18' '3
H‘lllilt‘ poet lind troulnuiour. Curl i rulmwin‘g Linmm.“ MIPIUISIW leAqui

,, , , ,  . i . .
blmdbml" “I” m I” 1”“ hm" i(3011.3q1101100 he will emphasize Lili-
iiiuiiy tours. Ill them he finds rc-t‘mly'. [ltmvomlu “Meet.
luxutioii from .tlic'strcnuous job ofl“111d,gulltiigillgfr'pilegifiogggbigﬁgf
“""m‘g: “1‘” '5 1”“ 1”“ HI" I"'O'lb'odi/ Boots- and Britches will in,
gruni includes uiiccdotcs, Lincoln " ‘ ' " T

i l
. , 1 tr) ‘1 i x ' '
lore, rcudliigs from his poems. and “WU” me, mm)“ 5. [mgr to the
. . , . audience. Viiillo he iemalns in Al-
siiiging of dlttics and bulimia to bun), Sandburg Wm Sm) m the
his own uccompunimcnt. ' I

‘ home 01' Mr. and Mrs. Louis Jones.
Sundbi r r ( 'H ' H . l -
uudlciicc.l BlilgliiiulmliclOllbldls {81:11:} Mr. JO-nes' u “lend mm ussoumm
us If they \Vci'c friends liroiiiid Ill‘i‘nf the mature!" describes mm as u
- . e v - A “powerful man with a strong taco
ownI hcnil'tii. Ho. jokes, laughs. [upped by whim hum-l Mr. Jones
routs. llll( siii's i . H -- u
touc. Ii‘ui' iniiliIcaI liihlcollllihliiilihlilt “dds' he has 1‘ nmrvmmw some or
he Strum“ his own gum“ humor. 111s lips simply curl up
. - and thc laughter comes. There is
Sandburg represents American no [mud to the man. He is one of
lift.- today just its Lincoln and ’l‘wuiu v America’s bust poets, yet he remains
represented it yesterday. 'l‘hu till-Eunussuming and modest. He is as
thor of Chicago is United the "two-mimpiu and easy today as ho was
pic's pout." Probably he is U10 thirty yours ago. He Is the kind of
001101;“ Silliiiiiil'ﬁ "105i DODUIIH‘ 00% man whom everyone likes. Chil-
lie is ranked as one of the loading are” love him,"
blogrnphcrs of Abraham Lincoln. , Sandburg identifies himself with
'1‘wunty years ago the Michigan ‘ the simple things. the jigs. and the
pool began his latest work. Tlloisonu's 01’ Aiiwl'lcll. H13 lJOOtl‘y has
War l’cars, it four volumo biogra- dealt with tho vigour and power of
phy of Lincoln. Published only this country. One of his greatest
rccoiitly. critics nccluimed it as one poetical works was the loose and
of the greatest biographies ever flowing, 'I'lio Pcoplc, You. Almost;
written. This work thrusts Saud- everyone has read Chicago. His
burl,r to the fore as u cundidute for choice of Lincoln us a subject gives
the Pulitzer prize. It has been an insight into Sandburg's love of
mentioned as being superior LOILIN common, earthy flavor in man.

  

i
l

70.." Ind-(n 1

-cv

  

    

