     

 

 

   

i
I
i
5
i
i
.
E
2
2
l
i i
i
i
l g
g .
7
i
l
l.
i
ii
3.
i‘.‘
I
i=1
.
i.
i
t.
,,
.
i
i
i
.
i
l
l
l
l
i
f
T
.
I
a‘

.3
i
.L,
r
:

   
  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 6, l940

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS‘ ’2‘};
Established May, 1916
By the Clan of 1918

    

Vol. XXV Friday, December ti, liIIII No. 11
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest

The Iiiulergriiduiite newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege I‘or ’l‘i-iu-liers published every Friday of the college
year by ‘Ilie NEWS lionrd for the Student Association.
Telephones: Office. 5-0373; Murray, 2-0888: Clark. 4-0372}

Entered (I' second class matter Albany. N. Y., postoﬂlcc.

 

REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVINTIBING IV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative

420 MADISON AVE. NEw YORK. N. Y.
cmcmo - Boston - Los Auanzs - SAN Fuucisco

The News Board

 

 

JOHN A. MURRAY _ - EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BEATRICE A. DOWER _ _ . co-MANAGING EDITOR
STEPHEN A. KUSAK _ _ _ co-MANAGING EDITOR
RALPH CLARK _ _ _ _ BUSINESS MANAGER
BETTY PARROTT _ _ _ _ ADVERTISING MANAGER
JAMES MALONEY _ - - _ - SPORTS EDITOR
WILLIAM DORRANCE _ _ _ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ _ _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
HARRY PASSOW _ _ - _ _ ASSOCIATE EDITOR
1.5m"; 2

 

All coiiiiuunicailous should be addressed to the edlinr and
must be signed. .\‘iiiues will be withheld upon requesi.
’I‘lic STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed III Its columns or eoniniunlcniIons.
as such expressions do not llt'i‘l'~~:ll'lll\' reﬂect its view.

They Shall Have Music

Sui-Ii sweet coiiipiilslon IluiIi III IIIIII-iie lie.
T‘iVl/IIIII

Music Council is doing an excellent job
ope 'ating on a very limited budget. It sup—
ports both the Symphony Orchestra and the
Choral Society. It sponsors the fall and spring
concerts, guest artists, and the annual oper-
etta among othe' activities. Relatively free
of political control, the organization will
demonstrate its worth conclusively this
Thursday night as a Sin/c soloist ,loins a Sill/c
orchestra and a Sin/c choral society in what
promises to be the season's ('iutstanding musi-
cal triumph.

 

 

 

Financial Iimitatious notwithstaiiding, the ;
council has an obligation to extend itself"

wherever and whenever possible and feasible.

It might well adopt the college band which is 1'

providing entertainment at basketball games, i

political rallies, and the like. This is no de—
mand that Music (‘ouncil sponsor the. band.
It is merely a suggestion of a Worthwhile addi-

tion. At least the music for the baiul can be

purchased.
Another achnIc for expansion is the inter-

mission during dramatic presentations. The ,

council could offer I) & A a string ensemble,
a soloist, or some similar entertainment. It
could offer its services in an advisory capa-
city to class songleaders that such oc 'asions
as Moving-Up Ilay be musically successful.

St,‘A's Freshman ('horus aiul organ relaxation '

music during examination periods, Newman

Club's classical concerts, aiul the Four Men of ;
State might well have. been initiated by tch ,

council. The field is limitless.
See you at the concert.

Lion Taken By Tail

IliIl-u- the lion from his liIiI'.
Sir ll'iI/ti'r .S'r of]

Student t'ouncil has Iakcii the lion by the
tail, twisted it, aroused it, antim—still unsatis-
fied- has presented it with a set of teeth in
ordcr that if can enforce any action it might
take in its new burst of energy. The lion, of
course, is the ('ampus t ‘oinmission. 'l‘hc lcclh
supplch givc the commission authority to
enact aiul cxccutc more stringent legislation

The Great Tradition ——An Appraisal

 

An Open Letter to the Class OT 1945:

 

A Prejudiced Commentstater

ll/[cii grind and grind iii the will of a li'lli.\"lll and nothing comes out but who! was [)1]! iii.
Iiiil the amnion! they (from the tradition for (I .i/ioiilmicoiii thought, then poetry, WU,
hope, rL'ii'liic, learn/Hy, tiiici'(/oli.',—-————1i// flock to their old. _Ralph Waldo Emerson

Perhaps many of you are even now thinking about
entering New York State College for Teachers in
September 1941. Some one must tell you the facts
of college life. You undoubtedly expect certain things
from your college career. Surely you look forward
to a pleasant life in college, a life that you will enjoy.
If your life is to be pleasant you expect to ﬁnd a
decent place to live; comfortable quarters where you
can do your work with the enjoyable knowledge that
nearby there are others who share your interests and
are engaged in tasks similar to yours. From these,
your friends and teachers, you expect an enriched
companionship and inspiration. Having determined
on your career, you, of course, look forward to com-
petent leadership in the field of education. You
expect to meet teachers who can help you achieve
you ' ambition. In addition, you undoubtedly expect
to learn many things that have no direct value.

These exijicctation.‘ are, on your part, as laudable
as they are natu 'al. Those of us who have been at
State for some time know that you can find much
here that will be of permanent value and give you
great joy. There are, however. many other things
to be found at State that are of very dubious value.
Perhaps they should not exist at all. Let me tell you
about some of these practices and attitudes.
Reverent Entli ‘allment

State t‘ollcgc. is nearing the cud of a century of
existence. During its long and honorable history it
has accumulated many traditions. Some students
become so enthralled by the traditions that they see
State as a GREAT 'l‘R.’—\I)l'l‘l(’)N. Without giving
themselves, they hope to live on the past. They say
the. past is right because it has always been. They
worship the GREAT T TADI'I‘ION. Soon they are
themselves so absorbed, that the emotion of worship
has distorted the judgments and values that emerge
in all social change.

Here at State there is a great deal said about
licmoc'acy. In actuality, however, much emphasis
is placed on being seen with the Rigth (‘rowd. Some
of the cliques are informal but others are highly for—
malized and are 'allcd l“'atcrnitics aiul Sororities,
ancient words held over from antiquity. If you
“make” the right clique you are then in a brotherhood
that. always stands together: although just what it
stands for is never quite clear from the conduct of the
brothers. Sonic day, soniclmdy. maybe a li‘rosh, will
ask just what the cliqucs are doing for Stati aiul
how they hclp achieve the. purpose of college.

The Rig Noise of Democracy

The big noise in State's llcmocracy is student
Self—tlovernnient. It: is indeed amazing that no one in
assci'iibly thinks about self-discipline. The conduct
is that of a modestly behaved mob. Some read ; others
knit : a great many sleep and not a few talk to their
neighbors or write the weekly lcllcr homc telling

about the hard work required at State. Appeals to

on matters under its jurisdiction. Silltli'illSv

failing to cooperate with this program will
have to explain their actions to the :ltllllliils—
li'aiioii.

t‘ouncil's action is comniciulablc fora num—

ber of reasons. thu- is that this represents a

forward mlcp in the fast growing cleanup‘

program. Then, too, the conm'iission's i'c~
.iuvenat ion may be a sign of fut Ill't' reform. It
is rcgrcttablc, however, that with a :xtudcut
body such as ours, that a resort to lllt' Illiusc
is iiccessin'y. If our education has been for
citi'Aenship aiul social competency, self—
ciil'oi'cenioiil should suffice.

It is to be hoped that Student t‘ouncil will
not stop here, but that it will thumb through
the Association’s minutes aiul cnacl. reforms
in all existing Iioii-functioiiiiig cominittia-s.

Perhaps the llruliacluir Memorial (‘omniittee 3

could be next in line.

 TWWWHHHMKé , . m. . ...

 

this assembly are made with the tricks of cheap
politics that. can succeed only when judgment is
blinded aiul inhibited by undisciplined emotion. Elec—
lions are almost always enshroudcd in secrecy and,
although supervised, the supervbairs themselves are
an integral part of the 'I‘ltAlll'l‘ltiN.

'l‘lic brass hats of the Student Association is a
body quaintly naiucd .\l,\'skunia. lion‘t try to find
out what this word mcans. Years ago, a iilisln'g'iilli'il
humorist, upon appeal, said, "t'all it .\lysl\'aiiia."
'I‘R.»\I)I'I‘IO.\' has taken him seriously. L\lyskania is
an awofillcd inst itution. Its members. garbed in the
conventional academic robes, parade all year before
the humble student body, on its feet in reverence of
the awe-full glory. On a certain .\Iny day tdefcrmined
by 'l‘li.r\I)l'l‘lOi\ll the retiring members of this awe-
fillcd body, after spending hours in secret conclave,
sch-cl their successors to keep Ilic 'l‘RAlll'l‘lON for
another year. As the solemn hour of 'l'apping up.
proaclics, each iligiiitai'y, in a sruiisomnoleiit stale
will, in ridiculous solcniiiily, march around the ltlltli4
tol‘iuili and when lllt' emotional ilcliauch reaches
the apogee of intensity an innocent .iunioi' will be
"tapped." and the poor unfortuuatc's chief duties
will be to shut up his mind and to act unnatural
during his senior year.

The Walls of Jericho

Some day, an individualist will enter Slide. After
three years he will be tapped. l’cl‘llitps llicii, an indi—
vidualist still, he will iiouchalaiitly raise his hand aiul
brush away the dust of ’l‘RAlil’l‘lON. Some of the
dovotocs Would have you believe that, should the time.

come when a student refuses Myskania, Page Hall
will fall to the ground, the GREAT TRADITION a
part of its ruin.

You must, as a student, act College. Such action
is peculiar to those who revere the TRADITION.
Among other things, there are certain habits. Dan-
cing, all through the ages, has been a natural form
of self-expression indulged in by all people. The
holy hour of the dancc at State is from 12 M to
12:30 P. M. Dancers flock to the Commons and
there, to canned music not too well reproduced, dance.
If this half-hour is missed, the GREAT TRADITION
has a headache.

Moreover, whether you like to smoke or not, you
will ﬁnd that all of the Right Crowd do. Good fellows,
somebody heard in a drinking song, drink a toast, so
most affairs, in keeping with the TRADITION, wind
up at Rurp's. These are traditional habits and, no
matter how distasteful they may be, individuals
string along to preserve face with the Right Crowd.
Deeds. Not Words

So, too, with comfortable quarters. Ilalls, never
very bright and cheery in their antiquity, are made
still more unpleasant: aiul unsightly by wanton care-
lessness with waste paper, empty bottles, and oven
the crust of a luncheon sandwicl'i. Self-governing
Myskania and the whole (‘ampus (‘ommission say
that it is deplorable, but aftc ' all, what are janitors
for! Self-government is a wonderful thing, unless
L\lyskania thinks it‘s necessary to “take steps."

The ’l‘ltAlil'l‘lON holds that you must never
take much Pride in your work. If you get an A in
('alculus. or I.it. or llistory, you are supposed to act
as though you hadn't cracked a book all semester.
llcrc it must be said that 'l‘RAl)l’l‘I(‘)N knows some
study should be done. The smart thing to do is to
divide your time between the Commons, the lion],
the Annex, and the Lounge. until a week before a
theme or term paper is (hum—then get a half dozen
cokcs, a bolt lc of aspirin, a pack of ('hcstci's and stay
up all night writing a lot of drivel you hope the Prof
doesn‘t read anyway.

Extra-(‘urricular Majors

Real values in college, TRADITION holds, are
found in Activities. Now it, must be admitted that:
extra-class activities are actual experiences aiul, as
such, have rcality aiul directness not always found
vicariously. Nevertheless, if college mcans learning
only through actual experiences it will never fulfill
many expectations. The experiences of others, the
contact with many minds can best be achieved
through books-wand the values of extra—class activi—
ties are tremendously enhanced through wide reading
aiul reflection. llui at State, the Activities are the
stui'lL—aud if a silidciit does sl iuly, it is iioi. cricket to
be too obvious illitilll it.

'l‘RAlll'l'lON at State also displays its poverty.
None of us have enough money, so \\'t' moan about. it.
If a supervisor tells a senior to dress more ncailv,
the common alibi is ~"no money." ch, 'l‘ll.\l)l'l‘l()..\'
demands you do a l“til‘llllll a couple of times a semes—
lcr. You pay three or four bucks fora bid. buy a
dollar‘s worth of flowers (if you can get away with
it), spend another dollar fora taxi and at two in
llic morning, go out to eat. 'l'lic impoverished sf udcnl
spends maybe ten or twelve dollars (if he has a 'l‘ux),
and says he can't afford to live III the new dorm.
Faculty I.ikc lluildings-.\pplc l’olislicrs

l"iiiiilly, there is lllt‘ fnclilly. .>\l Slate, they are
like the buildings necessary to maintain a college.
You may conceivably, mine in professional contact
willi a faculty member you would like to know so—
cially. The obvious thing would be to go to his office,
Io chat with him in the balls or in a tliou:-:and other
ways seek to know him better but 'l"ll.\lil'l‘l().\' de—
uounccs the obvious. If you try to liiul a congenial
llt'tlllltllllitilt’i' among the faculty, you are at once
dubbed an .~\pplc»l'o|islicr. No one knows what that
means, except llial it is a part of llic jargon of the
(IIIEA’I‘ 'I‘RAIII'I‘ION. As a result the facultv, like
the furniture, look a little stuffy aflcr your sopho-
inorc year and you lioin the Right (‘rowd in wonder-
ing how a guy with so little on the ball got the job
he holds when campus Iiig Shots can only drag down
a Job paying $ltltlti a year,

Well, I’m done. It's been fun writiugall this, even
though I'm only a part of THE GREAT 'l‘RAlil’l‘lON.
(fill  forgive the cliche as I warn you, the class

'yl‘llE (IREA'I‘ TRADITION will get you if you
don t watch out.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, [940

MG? 3 '

 

Yearling Cagers Oppose
RPl in §ea§on Opener

Height and Experience Well Distributed Among Coach
Danilewicz's Forces As Team Girds Ior Contest;

Game With Union Added to Frosh Slate

Coach Walter l)anilcwicz‘s freshman five are rapidly shaping
up into a first class yearling crew in preparation for their curtain-

raiscr with the crimson sticaks of RM on the latter's huge homcimorrow night with six Wins OVCI‘ right after Christmas vacation.

court tomorrow night.

Thcir contest will serve as a pre-©“""""'—‘“T""‘“"**' *-~~-~-~~~ '

hide to State‘s official 1940-41 bus-l
ketbail season for both aggregations;
The fresh have been stacked upi
against the varsity in recent pi'ac-l
tice sessions and showed up surpris- 5
lngly well——liolding their seniors to1
a flat zero throughout the entire.
first half of a game.
Favorable Outlook f
Although the entrants of the class
of ‘44 do not have the full portion.
of experience which a coach would.
like to see before him. this present
squad still compares in a favorable
manner with all the yearling outfits
of the past. ‘
Featured as the. most likely start-
ers will be Bill Forrest. a vertical
threat at six-i‘oot—thrcc; llob Combs,
whose extensive experience should
really (‘Ollli' in handy: Bill Marsland.
with long training on liong Inland;
Red Evans of Rye and Burt Kiley
of Albany High who showed his
colors dcspitc lack oi previous
training. Forrest and Combs will
most likely play center and puard
respectively, although the exact po-
sition which the “11‘” will take is
still an open question,

To Play l'nion

A new schcdulc addition comes
forth at this time when a break in,
Union's program left an opening for
thc ti'osh to fill on Saturday
evening. l"('l)l'ilill‘)’ 22. We have been
told llial tlu- lrosh will bc barred
from attending From in order to
remain in tlic pcnk of condition for
the crack at. Ilic traditional fresh-
iuiin ciiciny. This new addition \\ill
be of interest to die fi'osli followers
since ilic l)llli'lil|ll‘ll liaii- n1\\;iy:-.
provided the tops ill the way of
lighting competition for any Slate
frosli outfit.

li'ollowing tomorrow night's pann-
llie ll'tihll sclicdulc calls for a con—
test a wcck from ioniizht with [\l-
bany Academy in a pri-liiniiiary to
the \zirsiiy gainc.

MADISON
SHOE RERIIIIJIERS
807 Madison .'\\'('Illl('
You Pick Up Your Phone
We l‘icl; tip Your Show

8-2230 8-73230

 

 

MADISON SWEET SHOP

Home Made lcc (‘i'caiii

and Lunches

TITS Madison Avenue
It liooi's from Quail Si

(5.5173; We Deliver

G'f l-'oi‘ llisiiiininiiting
M
E  (it'llllt‘llll'll

ll'io/h/i v \oi'lfiiyl .\‘ii/v..'ii/i‘
ll/l full h' ll 1 I \\tl/fl\
0

7
Snappy Men 3 Shop
llaiici‘s ~i~ lliibcrdaslici'n
/\ll;\.\l and S'l‘l‘i'l'HON HATS

13:31 Central Avenue
117 So. Pearl Street

 

Win Over Grads
Gives CH Lead

Potter Defeats BAR Squad
To Break Three-Way Tie:
SL5 Crushes Gophers

The triple tie which previously
existed in intramural basketball was

The result of two of the most lin-
portanl games playcd to (late saw
College House come up with undis-
puch possession oi first place and
file only clean slate in the league.

In the iirst tilt. BAR was toppled
from the undefeated ranks by the
cvcr-powerful Potter Club aggrega-
tion. while in the feature contest.
CH inflicted a similar fate upon the
(trails in winning by a none too

comfortable score of 23—19. The lat-‘

ici' found the victors, paced by
liowie Anderson, leading by n nar-
row ' J count at the half. How-
ever, (had play proved ineffec—

 

Siandings Wednesday

“on I.iT-.|
(ollegi- IliIIIse . I (I
‘II'lliI~ . l
|I\II . I
I'iilti-I' Iliili .l
hiippa Ili'lii ‘3
MI)“ . I
\|,\ l
(TID|IlII'I'~ . . . .. ti
IiiIIIIbII-rs ..  ti

 

iunl through the third and most
the ioinili quarter and CH assumed
uh ll ~l'l‘lli”(l a safe lead. A one man
rally by "Merl" l--lallia\vuy o the
(ii-air in lllt‘ closing minutes fell
not short oi closing llu- gap. In the
lil'.‘~[ game, Potter assumed an early

lead which it held throughout lllltl‘

was never in danger. The third
c wilful of the evening saw the other
triple lie in the league broken as
HIS cxpi'i'lciu't'tl little trouble in
rccoidiiig its first victory at the ex-
pcir .I of tlic (iophers, who now share
last place with the iiiiiiiblci's,

“imam/tend

iii/.i/ii \ (fl/l f‘i'ii/I'I

 

‘\l‘i‘ you bullied by your (fln'istiiuis
ii i.‘ ll )ou are searching liil'jilhl
the fl"lll thing for mother. father.
1 ll‘l‘ brother and l‘\i‘ll IllllllS and
ditch... mine to Whitney's llci'c
\ou \\lll llii(l the :‘,lll llial 1:» right
llil t‘Ilt‘ll one From ’l‘oyluiid.
l)<i\\|i‘-.l.il|\ .‘s'ltil‘i'. in Harmony
lloini- l~‘oiii'tli |"loor. there are
hundreds of |it'l'lt'('l pills for
l".t'l'\iillt‘ on your list

Visit Albany's (lift ('ciitcr

Soon

 

Women Inaugurale
Jack Frost Season

I
Maloney s ___._._

With the snow and the cold

Baloney comes the inauguration of the

annual WAA winter sports seas-
on. The captains for the major
outdoor sports have been appoint—
ed by Ruth Rockcastle, general
chairman. Jane Greenmun, ‘43,
will have charge of skating, to be-

   

J.R.M.
New BankbOMd’ as the ice is thick enough. and

The Purple and Gold will troupe Betty Knownon, '42, is captain of
to the boards or RPI'S '87 Gym IO- tobogganing. which will begin

 

 

ltlie Engineers to its credit as oppos- Tms yem, the ice and snow fans
led to ﬁve victories for the Trojans Wm be able to get credit for a
“mm the 1934"”, 89350“- eoinblnation of five hours parti-

Last year the Tulcmcn foxed the Cnmuon in Skating and toboggum
locals by dragging out a white ball mg as we“ as rm. the usual ten
for the game. Tomorrow night the “(3111.5 work in each Sport WAA
Statesmen will again be confronted anticipates a bigger and better
With a“ “momuo” . winter sports season than ever

87 Gym has recently been cqiupp- before. Come on. You Outdoor

 

 

ed with a new set. of white steel Cm: lop. ,eL , in”
,bankboards. In itself. this state- ' 5' "s I” so 5
’inent is not imposing. The catch.

however. lies in the fact that theiWin Over Union Brings

streamlined boards are fan shaped
and set up with the baskets attached Chess Team Near Title

ii‘lush to their bottoms. a system I
which will well nigh eliminate thc‘ 5
push up shot from the game. Thel 3m“, College's Chess team (:ﬂn1pi

 

 

 

 

"iiClChU It is U'Uf‘v but It is DOS-Sim“ championship trophy oi‘ the Upper
that. the RPIers may have practiced Hudson Valley Chess League by,
11 bit "1011‘ Will) “10 “('W SCUM AI ibenting Union College. 4-2. last week.
lany rate it will be interesting totle best “nine was played by Art
note the effects of the biuikboaixlslpox against. stnnley Smith 01' Un-i
1upon the final scorc. ion. ,
i 0”" (MM world: lmnormw "mm. Colgate is next on the slate for.
l\\'lll be the traditional ill effect 011ml, Slnwsmm and this match Mm
mm hug? Fro-V ('(mrl‘ be played on Dec. 13. A victory over?

- the Red Raiders will give our chessi
Fred war'ng team the championship. since Col-l
‘ In the near future, this depart~ igaic is the only other league meni-l
nient iiilcnds to sponsor a student her not yet defeated by State. RPll

 

 

‘lil‘llllim IO Fl't‘tl Will‘llll-i I‘Oilllt‘SllHii‘ancl Uiilon have already bowed.
him to compose a tight song for
State College. ‘* l
For some time it has been War-l (y P LO\VRY

iiig‘s policy to respond to such pcti- " ' .
tions from colleges in all pai'ls of. Watchnmkcrand it
the nation, Last year a song was‘ i

|

 

written for Sicna. Jeweler
it seems to us that the lack of an 7339 Cum-u] Ave,
adequatc fight song has long been

Albany. N. Y.

l-M Basketball
Season Starts“
Dorm nmma i-i.ii

Capture Initial Victoriei
ln Wednesday Clulm

The initial games of the second

gin in Washington Park as soon season of intramural basketball in

WAA were played in Page Hall Wed—-
nesday night. From all indications
the continuance of an intramural
program has met with great favor
among the girls.

Dorm A walked away with the
first game of the evening as it de-
feated Commuters A by a score of
22-6. Mary Domann. a frosh mem-
ber of the Dorm A team, was high
scorer for the game and also for the
night, with seven goals to her credit.

Moreiand Hall handed defeat to
Western Hall to the tune of 16-9. The
goals were more evenly distributed
among the players in this game, Buzz
Miller needing only three goals to be
high scorer for her team. Jane
Pickcrt took the honors for Western
with three goals and a foul during
the first half.

The most closely contested event

,compleicly shattered last. Tuesday.idisadvanlnac will work against. both one step closer towards gaining the ,was between Cooper House and Dorm

l3. and again a Dorm contingency
captured victory. The ﬁnal score was
11-7 with Leda LaSallc making three
goals and a foul for top honors on
the Dorm B team.

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
Dinners 25c. and Up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundaes
7:30 A. M. —- “:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

 

 

Kodaks Cine Kodaks

Albany Camera Shop, Inc.
204 Washington Avenue
ALBANY. N. Y.
PHONE 5-4558

 

 

 

,oiic of State's major (li‘a\\'l)ucks.

 

{Micro is no doubt but iliai a new"
llllll' would do much Io infuse into
the Slate sccnc what is loosely
known as llic "collegiate atmos—
pin-re". l“l‘t'(l Wai'iiig's olicr is Illi‘
excellent opportunity to bridge this
gap. little difficulty should be ex-
pi-riciiced ill filling the petition.

‘Handcrait Steals Show Y
At Annual Lounge Teal

I Crafts attractively displa y c d‘
‘ci'catcd a great deal of interest aiul
drcw a large gathering io the illi-‘
iuiiil WAA Lounge 'l‘ca Wednesday.
l'ljllt' display .‘dlliiilliilctl new inici'i-st
in the WAA (frail (‘lub which met-ts
ivcry ’l‘ucstliiy 1‘\f‘ll‘.lii nl (‘oopi-i'
l'lOllSt‘.

Yniii. leather. burlap, and uoodcii
.hlock bclls lilnll'lll'tl with llit)lli',“~
lt‘llilllt'lltll'tl lllllll_\ of the ‘pcclatoro
Ito desire to bucklcdowii and piodiici-
‘hllllllill' articles, Rings. buttons. lilllh.
hiaccli-is. and countless other clever
creations sustained and reinforced
Ihc enthusiastic interest the girls
phowed in WA/i's iicwcst activlly

 

 

I~'or State (‘ollcgc Bowlers:

RICE ALIEYS

Western and Quail

Rio BWLING I

l
I
From 0:00 A. M. to 0:00 l'. I“. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Good [food in A [Tll'i'cna'lg
Comfortable Atmosphere

HEWITT

mic/vii at 0,11 ail

 

220 N. ALLEN STREET

 

 

 

There is something, delighe
fuliibouithcclcau,exhilarating
taste of ice-cold (Inca-(lulu.
The minute it praises your lips
you know it for what it is,—-—
pure, wholesome, delicious.
And you wclcoiiic ilie refreshed

feeling llial follows.

PAusr. THAT REFRESHES

Bottled under uullioriiy III The (IoweCulai Co. by

ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING CO.

ALBAN Y, N. Y.

 

 

 

   

      
         
       
        
        
     
      
 

     
 
    
    
 
      
     
     
   
  
    
    
  
    
     
       
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
   
    
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
   
   
    
    
    

 

      

  
   

