 

 

 

 

  
   
  
 
 

2 5th

 STATE COLLEGE NEWS y...
ll Established May, 1916
By the Class of 1918

Friday. September 27. lit-10 .\‘o. ‘J
Member l.)lsfrfbutor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of! the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
'l‘elcphoues: Office. 54137:; Murray, fl-i’Sltl: fflark. 4.05173
Entered as 2nd class matter Albany. N. Y.. pesto/lice.

Vol. XXV

REPIIIINTID FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING 'V
National Advertising Servrce, Inc.
College Publishers Representative

420 MADISON AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
cmcaco - canon - Lo: Allan.“ - 5m Funeraco

The News Board

JOHN A. MURRAY _
BEATRICE A. DOWER .. _
STEPHEN A. KUSAK - -
RALPH CLARK - c _
BETTY PARROTT _ _ _
JAMES MALONEY _ _ ..
WILLIAM DORRANCE - _ _
EDWIN HOLSTEIN _ , _
HARRY PASSOW _ .. s _

“ﬁlms” 2

 

EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
CID-MANAGING EDITOR
CO-MANAGING EDITOR

BUSINESS MANAGER
ADVERTISING MANAGER
SPORTS EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

All communit-ntions should he addressed in file author not
must. be signed. Nana-s will be within-Id upon room-sf.
'l‘he S’i‘A'l‘l'l (..‘tlllilltltiitl NEWS nssnuu-s no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns’ or commnnlcatlons
as such expressions do not uocr-s’snrl'y rollwa its vn-w.

Beat the Blotter

This morning the Student Association will auth-
orize the Directory Board to publish the 1940 Sta-
dent Directory in a manner similar to that of last
year. This decision will come immediately after
an implacable association hears “investigation has
shown it impossible to finance the publication on
the basis of anticipated advertising revenues.”

It is useless to rehash the arguments favoring
directory advertising. The fact remains that»~—
more than any other student publication ——~ the
Directory is State’s BEST advertising medium. To
finance it. only one hundred and fifty dollars is.
needed.

Possibly a Directon advertising campaign might
have had an adverse effect on similar campaigns bv
the NEWS, .‘lufcsnnm, and I’cr/agogac. liven so. the
Directory might well have supplanted the “take”
of the blotter boys.

it has been customary for a group of State males
to publish a blotter early in the fall. A more lucra—
tive part-time job has yet to be discovered. Last
year, tour ambitious gentlemen made over one hun-
dred dollarswthe approximate cost of the 1939
Directory-~in such a venture. The new Directory
Board was to have been appointed not later than
last March 15. its work should have been com—
pleth in the spring, before the blotter boys got
busy. Now October approaches-mam! still no blot-
ter? What happened to the $150-$200 worth of
advertising usually secured for the blotter? Why
won’t it appear in the [04!) Directory?

State Slips Up

You have tried to dance in the Commons and
know the result~ you didn't. lint what, you don't
know is what we (including you) are going to do
about it.

Last year Student Association appropriated some
eighty-five dollars to purchase speakers and wire to
purchase speakers and wire to extend the col/cgc
(rained roam] jaci/ificr of Room 207 throughout the
halls of llrapcr and the Commons. It was argued
that news bulletins could be delivered direct to
students between classes and flint music for dancing
Would be improved. Student Association agreed to
this not knowing just what would rcsult. llifl'fcultics
arose and it was found that the appropriation would
not suffice.

lie that as it may. it now remains for Student
Association to remedy the sad social plight in which
it. finds itself; i. t‘.. “they shall have music" to

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1940

 

 

EYES OVER
THE CAMPUS

Accurately and graphically

Send your
campus to:

r at regular editorial ram.

Camera "eyes" are blinking on the nation's campuses to record
every activity and event of interest and importance to you.
Each blink means another graphic picture of college life-—
and the best of these thousands of photos are brought to
you in our Collegiate Digest picture section.

tell the complete story behind each picture, Collegiate
Digest s photos give you a true record of campus life today.
Follow this college picture parade regularly in

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
Beginning Friday, October 4

lctures of life and activities on our
ollegiate Digest Section, 393 Farkes
Bltllj.‘ Minneapolis, Minn. All photos used are
9. 0

 

 

explained with write-ups that

 

 

Mental Stagnation
The CommentstateP-———

Life at State is rather pleasant. We don’t work too
hard except during exams. We dance, smoke. and
even drink. We chatter, we gossip, we romp up to
Beverwyck or out to the front campus. We play in
the gym and we sing in the auditorium. Outside of
books, classes. and bad moods our life is light. Some
of us enjoy the books and classes, and some of us
wouldn’t part with our moods. Most of the time, the
faculty is good, life is good, and all is good. How-
ever, sometimes one isn’t quite so sure about the good-
ness of it all. Sometimes after a “bull session" one
wonders.

Here we are at State. We have been called over
and over again “the cream.” We have been lauded for

our intelligence. flattered for our ability.
Ignorance Yet, despite so much intelligence, how
of many of us read a newspaper daily?
Politics How many of us are well informed

enough to discuss unemotionally the
consequences of a Hitler victory? How many of us
can discuss intelligently why we prefer Willkie? How
many of us can distinguish between the philosophies
of Willkie and Roosevelt? Above all. how many of us
give three hoots one way or the other!

We don't as a group care to be well—informed. We
vote Republican because our parents do. We bring
with us from our middle class backgrounds a distaste,
even a dread for the unconventional. Many of us con-
sider an occasional beer or two immoral.

We label as “queer” and ostracize those who differ
with the multitude. Boys with challenging ideas have
all too often in the past been compelled to flee to the
locker room and become “soap boxers” or “locker room
reds” in order to secure some kind of an audience.
We scoff much too readily at those with opinions we
do not share.

Our fraternities go out for the tall. blond boys, with
blue eyes. If a boy doesn’t fit this
standard pattern he must have some
compensating physical quality. The
sororities. in bidding girls. follow the

 

Ii‘rats
Rush
Pretty Boys

 

 

 

the

This year. State students returnrd
to Albany to find the birth of a new
policy under Drama lcs and Arts
Council: the policy of bringing ecle-
bratcd artists before Page Half an-

tion was the announcement of the
appearance of" Cornelia Otis Skinner.

next week. If this is a sample of
what is to come throughout. the
year. then surely We may look for-
ward to a successful and enjoyable
season on the college stage. D & A is
to be congratulated for such a for-
tunate choice as its premier presen-
tatlon.

With such brilliant competition
from the professional stage. the Ad-
vanced Dramatsz class will be ex-
pected to continue and (opioid the
experimental work which was be-

cnjoy seeing more plays with un—
usual effects such as were seen in
“Bury the Dead."

dlences. The first step in this direc-l

the famed monologlst. at Page Hall!

gun last year. We shall certainly,

A Survey in Preface

 

Critic

Thesi- realistic effects under Joe

1

ﬂViIlicy's direction smacked of an:
tom-ore. We are looking forward tol  .
,crucfficd meritorious aspirants to office. No organiza-

llnof‘c unforgettable work as that
lf'ound in Barrie‘s Door Brains.

As to the orchestra. we should like
[to hear a repeat performance of
TRfmsky-Korsakoff's “Russian Easter"
overture which cllmaxcd the final
concert of last year. We hope to see
the occasional appearance of guest
conductors with the orchestra in the
zourse of the year. Another of Beetho-
,ven's symphonies will certainly be a
«drawing card if the movements will
,bc played in sequence. not as sepa-
lratc pieces. such as occurred at the
spring concert last semester.

if we may see another delightful
:(lllbert and Sullivan performance by
zinc Operatic Society, more fine con-

 

.ccrts by the Choral group, and ful-
fillment of the above desires and
lprophccies. we shall be satisfied.

 

Column Left
In your last issue of the News
you asked for criticism both con-
structive and destructive. Personally
we are disappointed in life sup-
posedly now ans. Murray promised
us something entirely different.
What did we get—«n change in type.

typo make? We can read grcy type
or black. but what we want to read
is news.

We want. sonn'lhlng
alive. and luff-resting. is the van
supposed to be a \vcckly bulletin
board? Why do wr- hnve posters in
the hall? The reporters should learn
ffiJnlli. news value, b‘tof'h-s llil\'t'
thousands of different. angles. ye
you always um- llu- same style. and
type of approach. We like to know
about, people. There are over a

 

dance at noon.

From a study of the present system, if can be
seen something is wrong in Room 207. Not being 
electricians. we cannot say what. Likewise. if hasl
llt‘t'll revealed fhaf ollf' speaker in the (‘ommons is l
wholly inadequate. Thus only flilt' course is left
open. If Student Association wants to dance if must
appropriate. if nulsf pay for a complete overhauling
of the present outfit. and it must furnish two new
speakers for the Commons, preferably, fiftecll~lhcil
speakers. This should take. no more than fifty dol~
lars. it is no great price for a system fluff does an
efficient job.

The. Freshman Handbook invites the class of 1944
to dance each noon. Let’s be good enough hosts to
give them what was promised.

 

whom have feelings. ideas. and cum.
lions. ’l‘hc lnunnn infcrcsl nnglc in
not mcrcly Important. fl is. vital
People want flows.

Why fun. there been no feature
story on Dean “claim-y? ()nu o1 lllc
blngcsl storm. of lost year was the
proposed change in the (..‘ommons
and in the Annex. it. was rumored,
whispered. and shouted. but no one
found out about the llrulnu-hcr Me—

Inorlnl until it was announced by.what. flu- next few months have to.

Sullivan in assembly. We should
huvo found out. the details through
the News. When) Were you?

Let's havo nowra —. Let’s have a
real paper. We have the material,
why not. the paper?

Communications
My hot. is tipped to the Editole
it was good;

vigorous“

thousand students lll Slate. all of.

Contrary to the News

Column Right

The News is good;
enough last year to win it first class

 

.ratfng in lllll.l0llul competition. This;
‘ycuf'. it will win an All-Americnnl

rating.

 

H . ‘ (fompnrc this year's Naws Willil
What difference does the kind ofﬂmg “mug “Inﬂux...” I“... f,-,._.,.m,,,.“,
llf'f'll please only a few professors}
and a few other people in order for

not along. A nmvspnpcr must satisfy
cyt'l'ytnn' all the time. Can any paper
(it) this?

When this year's Nl‘2\\':~'
.cunu' llt'l‘flrvh \\llh a new [MW of
print that nus to satisfy the pro-
gicssncs. 'l‘hc new type of headline

and style of the story wcrc tlt‘hlttllt'fl‘

to gel aunt from the old fashioned
nlnmlnrdm-d "post pI-rf‘ornufnccs”.
'l'f'ullfffolf nl Htulc (‘nllcgf' 1:. (loop

‘llff' dccpcr fln' tradition. the harder

fl 1:. to break. Whch one wants fo'

clmngr- tradition. h;- musl proccdc
slowly Ho \\‘llh lln- Nana-I.

The anr. 1:. beginning to adopt
lltM'li fo Its cmnonnu-nl the dc-
mnnds amt opinions of the strident
ibody. if is beginning to shed Itself

lot the checking reins which. until.
lnow. have held past ans lionrds'

lunder control. Why not wait? Sec

[offerz 'l‘hen crltloifto and criticizr‘
sharply. The things you don't. like
about the ans were twenty—four

be removed in a single issue. “Rome
was not built. in a day.”

 

 

 

lifllll'tl‘

|to nilnuo-s info " warn

years in the making. 'I‘hcy cannotl

iriafnrday

same general logic. "Be dumb but

sweet" is the best advice a freshman can follow if he

wants to crash a campus group.

It is extremely tragic that in two days of Freshman
camp a fresh can make a bad reputation that will
follow him about the remainder of his college days
The poor freshman. reacting abnormally to an abhor-l

Lmal situation. is hastily judged and condemned by the
undergraduates at camp. The latter. in turn, pass on

the impression to their mates. As a consequence the
freshman 1s shunned by almost everyone and ends up
hating the school.

Fraternity and sorority politics have more than once

tion on the campus is free from such polities. Mys-
kanla. which should be an exception. is an outstanding
example.

 

[Short and Sweet

 

The Statesman
‘LMurray said to make it short and sweet. So here
1 Is:

SWEET DEI’AR'I‘MEN'I‘: Anent the one sided ro-
mance of the Senator and La Harvey. Senator meets
Harvey. Home town talent appears. Senator disap-
pears. Latin book doesn‘t clinch a thing.

FAI’l‘lIli‘UL FOREVER Illcl'Alt’l‘MlCN'l‘: Was that
Moe‘s girl I saw Moe with Saturday night? That wasn't
Moos girl; that was Jane Curtis—Was that Hattie We
saw With Miller the other night? That wasn't Hattle‘
that was Parrott. Or was it Studebaker? I

DOTS ANI) DASIIES lllil’ltlt’l‘ltIEN'l‘: Pat Lattmef'
and 5 RPI boys - - ~ - Georgia. 2-9707 Main Dorm
- - - - McCreary and Bucklnun < - - — Peterson “the
horrible example of degradation in the Ingle Room"
- - - — Crecgan finally admitting that sortie of State's
women are pretty nice - - - - Friday. Smith and
Doyver; Saturday. Smith and Ferree? ’.’ '? Where wn'
Bull when the vic didn't plny'r| h
Nltlfi SCOOP lll'll’Alt'l‘MI'lN’I‘: Hus Murray found

(J. ‘ . ‘

 

The ween, stiffer... '

lll‘ill.\'l'l'2 llft' \llllilillrns
\.ll‘\ll_\ dllmo- tI'\ ooh ‘ H In L‘0 Ilflllfllf's l'l'
no! Io- rondncII-d 'l'hnrmlny. "It" lllllvl “No Win lll l 'l‘lll
tll_'iulu'l' .l. lll llooul 1" of '-"“l"l". 3' 1” "‘lllllllml‘
‘llll'lltli'ytl'nflll lull .ll .".:'.o it“ I-Il oIIc ||l|ff'I-I IHIIH'HW
p In tho Ir_\oof« .m- ..poo f"II~~ Iln- llltl'HH'llllflll“lillll‘l‘
"\

‘lu .lll npfa-rclassmoo To. Ind t':|t|ltlll.~~ :lu minim-s «r
flull- must pct-pain I too 1 llllll’r‘ is rI-I'vrl'n-Il lo ltriulli
“not. II|~~l‘i|\~ItIl| HI "\I\ ‘II"" l‘IIlIIII'll according tr

. f

\o-\\ of flu! third ff I‘llf‘
' I'.In| til'ufton

ll‘I'~ltl<'lIl of Iii-bat:v toIIIII'il
lilti‘lll‘lh‘l'lt \

Ilo ~_\||l|ll|tl|l_\ mill.-

i\I~|lI|',: I'vgulnllons.
Iiertlus l’otll.
I’I'I-slIlI-Ilt of IIw-ldvm'u
t'oum‘ll-
VII MN I.\I. t'.\l.lil\ll.\ll

..vn. .Ialu- for pro! It. 1. ..r.  frlcfnln-r 13;. .I onlor fresh
Inﬁll.“ man pal-II, .\Ifrllln|‘llf|

\lolfrl.|\ fl .Ltf ..‘al ~|f.||‘- \ ml ll I”. H
»..fovn lirrli||| :s F ‘Illltllllu'f' "ti N'lI-m‘l l llill
a. l . l I! l

Md. .1 I, .. .. .I ,l. I H, ., 3,, ll-l ngtlm \llrtl[|\l|l|||-['l‘v

I {.1 . \\mn|\\ll|ll .....| I... IMI'II for t'rf-sloooo x no
If...“ .\.,,l7,|..,-,,,m ‘1' III .II l‘rafl-rniH litrll'd

but ~Il.|\ l :10 it do -.IrIn-,- “"|""|||lll'|' L‘fl lx'upp'f lb-lfu

..llmw .\nIlI|orfqu “it” lHIllm- warmtn~ ll "

Ilf'l'qu'Il I'I'l'l \H I 'l l \' l n I U

"mnl ... u . \l‘ .i lltl p n.

‘umlmlm.' \‘ltllmln-I‘ ‘..‘Il Nt‘.\ ioInlIIo

If 7 ill! p. of ill the lil'|"‘l\

Itlﬁlli ‘2  "
l\t l. ttll \t II. lln'ulr'l' llt'llll||l llll' .\I

lift lll‘hltll'lil'l

lm» t‘vlilllll‘llt'tl l Illlllllllllll l flllllllll lllwllllllllll' llllllﬁ

- o‘fn Moo-y I pl .
~\ \-| -| . , I lllillllll. \
.IHI 'n of pr n.rllp ~. fluff , plum. H, .[m II, “I lit!
\\ w In VIII-1| If,” M..”. ' II”! of built

.\n official from... ..lmh “m . llllllh III p... I”, “H.

"w “w” ule and om'ldl .‘xl udlcs
l f'umffl- ' v M‘lm‘h' '
1“ mo ‘ In fol unexcused th'lubcl‘ i " ‘ifnol I f

. ‘ s, ,‘l r, ' r I I l ' — l .. Ill
ms no In In (Mill kappa llclln lfifo T will

ll-Illl‘.‘ns|“flf:llIop's:~ l’ to b llllll i'ldwurnl Ivlldrml l’olfcl‘

panning ll to t‘lub for lt‘l'orllllucn Inch

thilnln-l' fy-‘J Sororle opcn
.."f'l-"il's lol‘ t‘rosIInn-u from
..ou to lo:fo p. ill. at
sorority houses.

llliltlllt'l' St‘A general lllt‘t‘l'
ng. Lounge. ltdltl p. In.

fogs. itl mlnufr-s into at one
ffoo- It \vul'nlllgn l'cuallr
for farm- warnings is H p.
In campus flo- l"l'lllll.\' llilll
Illu‘llis f'ollowfnj,r

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1940

 

Ines: .

 

 

 

5m Maloney’s
 a ' Baloney

 

 

J.R.M.

OREMOST ON STATE'S ath—
letic front this week is the
newly organized Intramural blgskin
program. one which the directors
assure us will be the most efficiently
managed and most interesting in
many a year. It is true that the
games did not begin as per schedule
on Wednesday afternoon. but it
hardly seems fair to pin the quirks
of Jupe Pluvius upon the shoulders
of the good Council members.

As an example of the promised
efficiency. we have been informed
that the policy of paid officials in—
augurated last. season will be con-
tinued, but with an added touch. A
certain amount of ignorance of the
rules last year. both on the part of
players and officials. led to many
instances of indecision which us-
ually ended in quibbling and hard
feelings all around.

As a step to remedy. at least to a
degree. these difficulties. all paid
officials have been taught the six-
man rules by Coach Hatfield and
are being subjected to a sort of
“civil service" exam to determine
their ability to administer them.

The officials. however. are by no
means the only ones who need know
the newly devised rules backward
and forward. It is chiefly for the
benefit of the players that we
thought it advisable to publish the
regulations which appear elsewhere
on this page. May we urge all who
are participating or expect to par-
ticipate to study them carefully.

Many may wish to regard this
as an insult. to their knowledge of
sports or something of the sort. We
emphasize for their benefit that the
official rules which appear in the
News this week differ in many im-
portant aspects from those which
have governed play in the past. A
successful season demands that each
of the 113 approved players and the
half score or more officials be thor-
oughly acquainted with thefn.

Of special interest to those inter-
ested in intramural football from
the spectator angle should be the
fact that the new rules have been
formulated with an eye to speeding
up the contests and making scoring.
theoretically at least. easier. Under
the new schedule. games are booked
for five (lays a week instead of the
four of last season. This should
eliminate the eye-straining twilight
games so prevalent while last year's
program was straggling to an end.

'l‘id-bits: ’l‘hough basketball is yet
in the far offing, .lim Chappel, this
year's manager. has voiced an ap~
[will for recruits as assistant man-
agers. Aspirants from the class of '42
are. being sought in particular. Un-
der consideration by MAA is a plan
to invest a portion of the athletic
contingency in an insurance policy
to cover injuries sustained in sports.

 

You ’11 find
At the

ANNEX
Wagar ’3

IIIE
GREAM

State Mercuries
Getting Set For
First Encounter

 

Team Facing Many Difficulties;
Eight Freshman Answer
Call to Practice

This year‘s cross-country team
departs from the usual custom of
electing one member to serve in the
capacity of both captain and mana—
ger. Eugene Agnello, ‘41, veteran let-
tcrman will pilot the outfit in this
year‘s campaign. Robert Cooke. ’43,
who was one of last season's promis-
ing entries. will be unable to run
during the current season. but will
take over the managerial duties.
Early Start

Breaking another tradition. the
1940 Mereurics have scheduled their
first Ineet with Morrisville on Octo-
ber 5. this being a departure from
the pact to the effect that no State
cross-country squad would take to
the track before the middle of Cote-
ber. This was planned to give the
runners an opportunity to adjust
themselves and get in shape for
their arduous tasks. This early con-
test. it is feared. may not give the
Statesmen time to get in the peak of“
condition.

More difficulties appear on the
horizon with Dr. Andrews. who
coached the boys in the past (sans
a pecuniary returm now unable
to continue due to numerous curri-
cular duties. Coach Hatfield is en—
deavorlng to Inakc some arrange—
ment whereby he may observe the
outfit. while attending his many
other tasks.

 

'(faptaiu Confident

l . .

t However. despite these adverse cIr- .
.libcrotivc session. the class of ‘4
linstitutcd a new organization within

cumstances. Captain Agncllo says.
“We‘ve been practicing individually
lfor the past two weeks and as soon
as we get an opportunity to work
.mgethcr in a unit. things are bound
to look brighter.

After last. Friday‘s stirring ap-
peal in Assembly. the surprising
number of eight. freshmen showed
up for the initial practice. Since a
cross-country "fleet" is composed
[of eight members. that means there
‘will be at least five freshmen on
State's varsity squad. After gradua-
tion and injuries took their toll, we
find that. only three veterans I'C-
main. They are: Eugene Agnello.
’41. captain, Jim Snover. '41. and
Frank Hansen. ‘43.

Schedule Announced

Before Thursday's meet it is ex-
pected that the “gardener” will
have completed his weeding out pro-
cess and the “jade” lads will be
moulded into the finished product.

To (lute there are three meets
scheduled. The first is October 5 at.
home; next. October 19, Delhi. away;
and lastly Canton of St. Lawrence.

 

 

for which no date has been agreed

upon. All home encounters will be
.run in Washington Park. a course
3‘;- fo 4‘: fillies in length.

 

llntramural Council

under way. the intramural Council
has scvcrul other sports planned
for the autumnal season.

’l‘cnnis. along with football. got
ills start. this Week. lions
.mond. who is in
lfllll‘llillllt'lll. hopes to gel as fllfllly
mntclu-s completed this fall as lhc
\vcofln-r permits.

'l‘hc bounds of the commons will
,bu glad to know that another ])lllpv
pong tournamcnt is scheduled. lf
lwill start as soon as the table or
tables are completed. 'l‘hcrc is a
possibility of having two tables.

The lnfranuu'al (‘ouncil also an—
nounces llllli a golf tourInum-nf Will
{be held this fall If there are enough
lpcoplo uucrcslcd. and ii thc \vcufhcr
1pcrlnifs. 'l‘hcrc are also plans being
made for n bonlun: lcaguc to begin
of thc near future.

 

 

 

 

 

Plans  Seasonllcague in the

With the football season ulrcady‘

l-Inm- j
charge of the;

 

Intramural Football Rules

 

Rule. I

Suction 1. Only canvas shoes with soft

rubber solos may be worn.
ltule II

Section 1. .\ clr-nr pass is one in which
the ball is in flight. 11 clearly visibil-
distance after leaving the pnsser's
hands".

ltule Ill

Section l. The length of playing linu-
shnll be 28 minutes, divided into four
equal 7 minute quarters. There shall hr-
ono minute between quarters. 'l‘lwl‘o
shall be a ."r lllllliilt' intermission bo-
l\\'l'(‘il the second and third periods.

Section 1!. The tlf‘flclnls shall be a
referee and head iinesman. A substitqu
shall report his name. and the name of
tho player ho is' replacing to the referee
before he is if part of flu- gulno. An
eligible substituti- truly return to the
game :If any Ilnu- whon flqu is out and
provided one play has ensllml since his
withdrawal.

Itulr- I\'
Penalties and orrforer-Im-ut

Section 1. if a second or more for"
ward pass from behind the line of
scrimmage strikes the ground or goos’
out of bounds behind flu- lllll‘, it is
fronted as a fumble.

ltlllr- \'

Action eonrmon to it free-kick or

sI-rllrilmlge flown

Section !. When n bnelnvnrd pass or
fumbli- strikes the ground and is re-
f‘tI\'t-l't'fl if quy lN' advanced by f'lilll‘l'
side.

.N‘oI-fiou ‘_‘. .\ blocked kick may ln- :Id-
vnnccd by I'lllil'l' team.
\'I

It'r'er- kicks lllltl the free kick down

Section i. The kickvof'f' shall be made
from onolmll' llgl the distance of A's
portion of the fluid. The safely-kick
from .\'.s It! yd. lim-

Sr-cfion 2. When a kin-k off‘ is out of
bounds bolwcon flo- goal lint-s. tho op-
fionnl inbound spot for the receivers is
om-rf'ouf'fh (it'll the length of thr- iiold.

 

Rule Vll
'I'uckllnrr and blocking'

.Sl‘ection 1. Actual blocking is permit-
lef .

Section ‘2. ’l‘nekllng is done with
lttl'f‘ii HANDS illilii‘iNl'l‘I'llA' UN 'i‘llitl
flltlAlt. menow 'l‘iiI'l llllllf'l‘. Grabbing
in front. \vilh one hand nml holding is
not permitted and will be penalized
with a first down at the spot of the foul
or optionally at the original line of
scrimmage.

Section 3. 'I‘ln-ro shall be no stiff-arm—
lug.

Itlllt- VIII
Hcrlrlumure and flown

Section |. After snap and during the
day. any player of A may carry filo
mil across the, line of scrimmage.

Section :3. Team .\ frills! have llll'l'l! or
more men on the line of scrlmnmge.

Hot-lion ii. The necessary distance to
be gained duringr a series of‘ downs is
1.": yards in four downs.

Hot-lion i. All players are eligible ll
l'l‘t't‘l\‘l' forward passes.

Ituie IX
Scoring
'l‘ouchdown . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..ti points
.\ successful ll‘y-l'or»polnt
lit'op kick or place kick ....‘.2 points
tlfln-rwlsf- . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..i polflf
(ion! from field . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..vi points
Safely . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..‘J points
“Illt‘ X
Penalties
flft' Side . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..J Yards

lioldlnt.r lih-l'I-nsol
ball carrier)

iloldlnI.r (Defense in tackling)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..lsf flown on spot or
line of scrimmage.

Yards

llolfllng' ftlf'i'l-nsol . . . . . . . . . . . ..ltl Ytlf‘tls
'I‘rlpplng . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..15 Yards
Slugglug . . . . ..disqualification rel/1; (lis—

lnuco to goal line.
l'mwm-ssnry delay of game . . . . .57 Yards
.\'of reporting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..3 Ynf'ds'
Sflfl'rnrmlng' . . . . . . ..|.’r Yards from line

of scrimmage

Sophs Form Black Legion

To Fill Fresh With Fear

Freshmen. beware! Terror stalks
tin the halls of the college! The

Black Legion is on the prowl!
Meeting last. week in solemn de-

State College walls—the Black Le-
gion. It‘s purpose—to keep the
freshman class. '44, under control.
Its mombcrship—known only to a
select few. And its methods—those
who arouse its wrath will see only
too well and too soon.

In past years at State. rivalry has
been conducted in a desultory. un—
organized manncr. Occasionally a
burst of action has made things
lively. but ordinarily the fresh have
gone their own way. paying little
attention to the traditions of the
college and to the edicts of the so-
phomore class. Not so any more,
promises sophomore president. Bry-
ant Taylor. This yenr the sopho—
mores are taking into their own
hands the enforcement of rules that
so long havn been unenforcccl. At
the meeting of the class of ‘43 last
Wednesday. the Enforcement Com-

mittee was formed. The only mem-

'bers of this committee whose names
will be known are the co-chair—
.mcn. Mnrion Adams and Thomas
‘Feeney. The other members. about.
sixteen of them. will remain un—

known. Their duty is to discover in-
fractions of tradition and general
mlsbchnvings by the freshmen—and
to report them to the Black Legion.

The Black Legion will then ad—
minlstcr due punishment.

In the meantime. other and more
pleasant. things are in store. for the
freshmen. To show them that. the
collective heart of the sophomore
class is in the right place. the class
of '43 has planned on entertainment
for the l'rosh. Friday night. at. 8:00
P. M.. the freshmen will be the guests
of the sophomores in Page Hall. In
other and more simple words. Soph
Reception will take place.

Mysknnia will be introduced.
Rivalry rules will be read. A skit
will be presented. Jack Ryan’s or-
chestra will play. Fresh and sophs
will dance. The evening will be
thoroughly enjoyable.

Everyone will go home.

And then the Black Legion will
take over.

 

State Chess Team
May Enter League

 

 

Once again State's chess team is
to begin its intercollegiate wars.

lilowcvcr. flle your a new attractive
lf'euffu'c is to be included in the

inter-collegiate
being

matches with an
process of

‘f‘ormcd. in addition to State. mem-

bers arc lil’l. Union. Colgate. and
Cornell. if is expected that this
fragm- will facilitate foam matches
as Well as strengthen the play of the
members.

The antcsmcn‘s first league on-
counter will come tomorrow in a
clash with Union. With all of inst
ycnr‘s \arsify intact. the Purple and
(told forces should be the favorites.
Ho that promising freshmen may be
f.'l\‘l‘lf a chance to display their
prom-5s. ton boards will be contested
at the Union name.

For ritnlc (‘ollegc Bowlers:

RICE ALLEYS

 

 

 

Opener Proves Washout;
Gridcl—ers Prime to Act

Ruin intervened to prevent. the
opening games of the intramural
football league from starting on

 

 

 

schedule Wednesday. Outstanding
‘clnshes coming up next week. which
,0 Ir readers should find most interest-
ling. are the College House-Ramblers
go on Monday. and Potter Club's
meet with the Central Avonue stal—
warts. On Mondays and Wednes-
days the pigskin Chasers will take
the field at. 4:45 while the other
(lays will find the kick-off at. Il:30.

 

 

Widtan

ll'c/romcr l/Ic Still/cats of the
('ollcgr: [inc/r In ..i/Inlay

We hope you will find if
convcnicnf and sensible to
make if If if I! c y ’5' your
shopping licarlqum‘tcrs this

 

WAA Captains
Announce New

Time Schedules

Weekend at Chatham Planned;
Hockey, Badminton, Archery,
Swimming Continue Today

After a minor controversy over
the use of the campus in front of
Page Hall was settled to the mutual
satisfaction of both MAA and WAA,
glrls‘ hockey practice started with a
fairly good turn-out Monday. How-
ever. there are several berths wait-
ing to be filled, and Gussie Hau‘shal-
ter and Win Jones will welcome any
neweomers this afternoon.

Practices are held Mondays and
Wednesdays from 3:30 to 4:30 P. M.
and Fridays from 3:30 to 4:00 P. M.

Lotta Bunkers

Lotta Bunkers. the hiking unit
under the direction of Susie Wing,
has made plans for four weekends at
Camp Johnston near Chatham. The
first outing is scheduled for October
11 through 13. The charge for the
weekend including transportation,
is $1.25 since WAA shoulders part
of the cost. Further weekends are
planned for November, January and
April. Any group desiring to go to
Camp Johnston on a weekend not
scheduled may do so with the con-
sent of the chairman.

Both outdoor badminton and
archery have also started with a
good number of enthusiasts. Bad-
minton. in charge of Betty Marston
and Lois Harley. will be played dur-
ing the fall season only. in back of
the library. at 3:30 P. M. on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Fridays.
Archery will be played in back of
the college under the direction of
Anita Holm and Dottie Brooks at;
3:30 P. M. on Tuesdays. Thursdays
and Fridays.

Swimming Renewed

Swimming. a very popular sport
last year. will again take place in
Public Bath N0. 3 located on Central
Avenue. Fran Shapley and Winnie
Boer will supervise the sessions
through the fall and winter seasons.
Today and every Friday from 2:30
to 7:00 P. M.. and one night a week
not yet decided upon, there will be
no charge. However. on Tuesday
afternoon a fee of ten cents will be
levied. Ten hours are necessary for
swimming credit.

Kay Wilson. captain of riding, has
set 10:00 A. M. on Saturdays for the
jaunts. The cost will be $1.20 per
ride with $3.00 returned to each per-
son rlding ten or more hours.

Anyone desiring credit for tennis
may play on the Washington Avenue
Courts and keep a record of her
hours. Sally Beard will also conduct
indoor lessons for beginners for the
first few weeks.

 

Dial 8-9038
ELSE’S HAIR DRESSING
llAIlt STYLIST
Licensed Zotos Shop
805 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

MADISON’S

“Better Specialty Shop”

 

 

231 (‘eutral Avenue

For Sportwenr That is "Tops"

With the College Crowd

Skirts ............................ .. 1.08 up
Sweaters ...................... .. l.t)f) "
Jackets ......................... .. 2.98 ”
lllouses ...............  ....... .. 1.00 "

Sl’Ol-l’l‘ DRESSES

 

 

l I ‘ I ' ' l l r)- ~
l Eat at John’s Lunch “thltlll and Qlltlll  MM,
. . . . t nimu-rs eru- unu vn ' REVERSIBLE COATS
Nummg Ills" so (“Md "whim" 3"""wlﬂw‘s “"d l l50  t Wir Will BI» GI '\I) TO
I“ s" “""d F” Y”" . bundle? . l l , . Exclusive liut Inexpensive
-' "m"— '—'“ "‘— 73" "~ 1‘" ”‘ “""l L” t From 9:00 A. M. to 6:00 P. M. . SERVE l ()U.
1 Opp. the Iligh School l
. l

 

 

 

r xwth-ﬂq .
~w;-.~..._....,.m..w ...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.. mam“ t... .

 

