   
 

   

  

           
     
 
 
    

 -' 

      
  
   
    
  

 

‘ed new regulations for Forum’s

m: 4

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1940

 

 Opposes
'Enforced' VOW

Adopt: Resolution Supporting
Electorel College Repeal;
530 Added to Treasury

Forum of Politics. overlooking no
eventualities, this week sent to com-
mittee a resolution opposed to
any possible law forcing all eligible
citizens to exercise their right of
franchise.

It adopted also a resolution sup-
porting abolition of the electoral
college, a motion which, it is rum-
ored. may come up before the Con-
gress early in the next session.

Miss Rose Lison, co-chairman of
the recent Election Watch, reported
the body’s treasury of 15c had been
enhanced by the addition of more
than $30 as a result of the party.
Attendance totaled 299 paying
guests and about 50 others, including
the military band which was largely
featured all evening.

Alfred Stiller. chairman, announc-

 

bulletln board. He is assisted by
Hilda Graubart. Helen Kriska, Mor-
ris Gerber and Frances Bourgeois.

First committee reports, on the
excess profits tax and conscription
of industry, will be given to the
group at the first meeting after
Thanksgiving.

Speaker Janet Sharts has called
a special meeting of the Board for
next week when they will outline a
more specific plan of procedure for
the rest of the year.

Business was considerably ob-
structed at the last meeting by mis-
understanding about the most effi-
cient means of transaction. The
group ﬁnally voted to act according
to Roberts’ Rules of Order, with Miss
Sharts serving as parliamentarian.

lTeach Children
Not Facis’ -- D.V.

Children, not facts, are the im-
portant thing to be considered in
teaching the new social studies pro-
gram. according to Dr. Donnal V.
Smith. faculty mentor of Pi Gamma
Mu, honorary social studies fra-
ternity, at Tuesday night’s meeting
in the lounge.

Smith described in detail the new
social studies program for secondary
schools, emphasizing teachers should
be prepared to teach children and
not the text‘s subject matter.

Miss Catheryn O'Bryan. president
of the fraternity, announced at
the meeting Smith would speak to
seniors and other majors interested
in the program for teaching social
studies from the text book procedure
at the meeting on December 4. Social
studies minors are invited to at-
tend.

 

 

Statesman C omes
With Thanksgiving

Easter has its bunnies, Christ-
mas its holly and mistletoe, but
Thanksgiving at Slate College al-
ways brings out the first edition
of the Statesman.

Blanche Kirschenblum. editor
of the Statesman. State literary
and humor publication, announces
that the first issue of the maga-
zlnc for this year will be distri-
buted Monday. Copies may be
obtained in the Rotunda of
Draper hall upon presentation of
Student tax.

Miss Kirschenblum has also
stated that all manuscripts will
be returned by her in the Publi-
cations Of’ficc after Thanksgiving
recess.

Fire Annihilator
KDR’s Meadowbrook

Have you heard, or have you?
It seems that things are burning
up these days. Just one week ago
today members of KDR were
planning to attend a barn dance
to be held that evening at that
renowned b a r n. Meadowbrook
(Not to be confused with the
Meadowbrook.) The party was to
begin at 8:00 o'clock.

According to reliable sources.
at approximately 6:00 P. M. the
phone at the KDR house rang. To
the extreme pleasure of the entire
household, it was a young lady.
But 10 and behold, this young
lady had some rather startling
news to relate. According to both
the Albany and Slingerlands Fire
Departments, Meadowbrook had
burned to the ground!

What to do? ? ? For the inter-
vening two hours excitement ran
high. After Drs. Nelson, Sayles,
and the janitor had been con-

“This America—it’s a paradise,”
the refugee sighed in a charming,

unmistakably German accent.
“There is so much food, enough for
everyone."

She was one of the dozen and a
half neweomers to the States at the
Wednesday meetings conducted by
Dorothy Johnson, '41, Pl Gamma Mu
representative, at the Jewish Com-
munity Center.

Most of them are German, one
or two, Austrian. Many betray ex-
tensive culture in their tone of
voice; some, shy. can murmur no
more than “I'm sorry; I don’t speak
English."

All of them, teacher reports, are
cordial and grateful for the United
States and the class in American
History which she conducts one aft-
ernoon a week.

“It’s not really a history section.
as the schools teach it.” Miss John-

son emphasized.
“These women are learning about

 

tacted. and cornstalks had been
procured. the party was held in
the Commons with Jack Ryan's
orchestra providing the music.

Was it sabotage? ? ? Interfra-
ternity Council will investigate.

 

Plans for Dorm
Progreis Rapidly

Construction on the men’s new
dorm, which was started on August
12, is progressing rapidly. Accord-
ing to Dr. John M. Sayles. acting
president of the college, the contrac-
tor is confident of having the out-
side frame of the building completed
by winter. , .
After a short delay of two weeks
because of excess water found in
the pit, thirty-six trucks transported
cement for several days until a con-
crete mat was laid on the ground as
a foundation. This mat. which is a
three foot concrete cap over the
clay soil, will solve the difficulty of
the wet condition of this ground.
Wooden frames for the sides of
the basement have been erected,
and Mike Vignola, the contractor,
hopes to have the concrete poured
into these by today.
Work on the interior of the dorm
will continue throughout the winter
and spring. The building will be
ready for its occupants next fall. ac-
cording to schedule.
The furniture for the new dorm
will be selected soon. Dr. Sayles and
his committee are examining cata-
logues now before making a definite
choice.
There is a possibility that maple
furniture, similar to that found in
the Alumni Residence Hall for Wo-
men. will be choscn. Consideration
has also been given to English oak
furniture that would add a mascu-
line touch to the interior. Such furn-
iture is designed to withstand the
wear and tear to which the males
would subject it.

 

 

C. P. LOWRY
Watchmakcr and

Jeweler

239 Central Ave. Albany. N. Y.

Dial 8-9038

ELSE’S HAIR DRESSING
HAIR STYLIST

Licensed Zotos Shop

805 Madison Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Student Instructs Refugees in

’the American people and how they
came to be what they are. They'll
get a few dates—1620, 1776, but only
a few; the big thing. as far as
they’re concerned, is the description
of custom and tradition.

“What were the earliest homes
like — and why was the ‘salt box'
house such a popular form? Why did
the ﬁrst colonists come here and
how did they follow through their
search for religious toleration? What
was a typical colonial day like?
Where were the Pilgrim fathers
when the Pilgrim mothers were get-
ting up before dawn to start the
dinner-sized breakfasts going?

Geo. D. Jeoney. Prop.

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

 

 

 

i Gof li‘or Discriminating
l  (icnllcmcn

W cm Ma y .\'or’lt‘ust N cr/cwcm‘

 

MADISON SWEET SHOP

Home Made Ice Cream
and Lunches

785 Madison Avenue
3 Doors from Quail St.

2-9788. We Deliver

[lit/curl: .‘iz‘r‘csmrics'
C
7
Snappy Men 3 Shop
Hatters -:- Haberdusliers
ADAM and S'l‘li'l‘SON HATS

221 Central Avenue
117 So. Pearl Street

 

 

 

 

Copyright 1940. Linear: Gr Mun Tooscco Co.

 

 

 

 

 

  

and research have put Chesterfield for out in
front in the blending and preparation of lo-
boccos to give you a cooler, boiler-losian and
definitely milder cigarette. (As soon in the new
‘ ﬂim "YOBACCOLAND, U. S. A")

 

 

Boulevard Cafeteria

TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH

Americanism

"Did they know the expression,
‘raising the roof,’ got its origin
from the custom of a home builder
to act as host to his work men when
they had completed the rafters?

“That’s the sort of thing We hope
will give them an understanding of
their new home. Enthusiasm they
have, but also a profound ignorance
of America.”

Miss Johnson has an ancestral
background that makes her an able
interpreter of Americana. Family
headquarters are in historic East-
hampton, L. I., which was settled
some 300 years ago.

Dial 5-1913

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

Give ’em the SMOKER’S cigarette

and watch ’em register-f 

COOLER, MILDER, BETTER-TASTING

Wth Chesterﬁelds the smoking
situation is always well in hand—because
Chesterﬁelds have what smokers want.

Chesterﬁeld’s right combination of

American and Turkish tobaccos makes it

the smoker’s cigarette.
Do you smoke the

 

YEARS OF PAINSTAKlNG STUDY

 

cigarette that SA TISFIES

 
   
      
  
     
  

 

 

2-443

College Musical
Groups to Give
Annual Concert
Tunnell SWOrchestra

in December Presentation;
Chorus Also to Perform

Reinforced this year with new
talent from the class of ’44. the
State College Symphony Orchestra
will present its third seasonal con-

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1940 ‘ K.-

 

  
 
 
 

‘ a

 

Directory on. Sale
Through December

How are you at addresses and
phone numbers?

As an answer to all such dis-
tressing problems. State College
annually publishes a Directory,
listing the names. addresses. and
phone numbers of all students.

Didn’t you get your Directory
this year?

Betty Parrott, ’41. Editor-in-
chief, has announced that all
those students who have not yet
purchased the 1940-41 edition of
the State College Dirac/mgr] will

 

cert Thursday night, December 12. at
8:30 P. M. in Page Hall auditorium.
Bernard Pcriman. ’42, will conduct
and Ira Hirsh. '42. will assist.

For the first time in its history.
the orchestra will feature a soloist.
Julia Tunncll. '41. Miss Tunnell. a

be able to do so any noon until
the beginning of the Christmas
vacation.

The new. more accurate DirN-I-
or‘r/ may be obtained any day
from 12:00 to 12:30 P. M. in the
lower hall of Draper.

fNOV/omen Join
in Knit Program

1 Red Cross Will Ship Articles
To War Suffering Notions
First Week in January

Sweaters. socks, and mufflers are
now being knit by more than 100
State College women who have
joined in the knitting program ini-
tiated recently at the college by the
Red Cross. Leonora Davis. '43, an—
nounced that the yarn which has
been received early this week from
the Red Cross. had been distributed
.to the women who had signed up
‘ and that knitting had already begun.

Mufflers (thief Articles
Chief among the articles being

 

 

 

 

 

soprano. has spent summers touring
with various symphonic groups and

has assisted in many productions of S D b
that kind. fate e aters
The program will include: Oucr- P F .
repare or Trip

tiu'c lo Lu. Gama Ladm by Ros-
Six Central New York Colleges

s’ini. Mozart‘s Jupilcr Symphony.
Miss ’l‘unncll will sing Eisu's Dream
On Itinerary Which Will Open
Intercollegiate Season

 

from Lohcngriu by \Vagncr.

Mr. Hirsh will conduct the Ovcr-
fm'c (o Marriage of Fir/(fro by Mo-
zurt and the Prucludiimt by Jamie—
felt.

The program continues with Niy’ll Slate 0011089 Will 011011 its 1111“-
on Hold fllnllil/(liil by Moussoi'gsky. COUCE‘iMC debate 50115011 0n Fl'idﬂi'.
For the {imllc‘ Mp. pel'h‘nun w,“ December 6, when four members of
conduct the orchestra in the pm- the State tcam leave on a trip which
r'i‘ssiouul March from ’I‘uuulmuscw Will illCIl‘dC meets With 51" COMOROS
by Wagner. while Mr. Hirsh directs or 90mm] New York Stale? namely.
the smu- Copege Chm-us. Cornell University. Hobart. Kcuka,

, . . lthaczi. Wells and William Smith
Lona Powell. 41. president of Musw H. . ‘ . I I)” . I
Council. is general Chairman in Collegcs. Students representing State.

charge of arrangements. Concert- {Sclle‘éeslwmt‘ba 1?"?11-“1‘, OIEIWSE “ml
master this year is Ruth Molclov01'.jFa_13(; .. .1“;.5',_§S“!°1*.' I“ “"1 and
‘42, who is also secretary for the “(one Clllh'lumm‘s'
orchestra, . Friday afternoon. the dcbutcrs
Admission to the concert will bciWill “100 COl'm‘“ 0” the Pi Kappa
by student tax or lmymem of “my Dcltzi question: "Rcsolvcd: That the
cents. ‘wcstcrn hemisphere form a pci'mnn-
‘cnt union for defense." Saturday
.nftci'noon they will dcbutc Hobart
on the economic phases of n union

HarFWICk Prefessor {with South America. Saturday cvc-
- ning two of the State debaters will
WI" Address ScA.(lisciiss dictatorship with William

lSmith College. Their colleagues will

Dl'. HCl'mim KCiiCI‘. IJI‘OI‘CSSOI‘ 01' also debate. but with Kcuku Col—
i'clicion at Hm'twick College. 0110- page on "The Cultural Aspects of it
onto. N. Y.. will be gilest speaker at Union with South America “ The
a general meeting of the Stlidcntlclclmtcs with Ithaca and Wells Col-
Chi‘istian Association Monday at  logos will be on literary subjects,
3:30 P. M. in the Lounge of Richm'd— 3 sum, will demch with RPI 0h
501‘ Hall- Dr.- KC‘L” Wm Speak .0“ . Tuesday night. December 10. in the
“What Does it Mean to be a Cln'is- ‘ lounge
tian in 1940?”

Following the general meetingl
there will be an informal discussion,
and a fireside buffet supper for all,
those who make reservations in!

 

 

 

 

$2146.60 Deficit

Keitci' will aid in the discussion to date. This is one hundred loss
which will last until 7:30 P. M. than the number sold by December

Dorothy Johnson and Douglas 1 of lost year. To meet u standlnglWWI"S “mum”
Dillcnbcck. seniors. co—chuirmen of deficit of $2,146.60. the board rc-j

SCA Sinclcnts’ and Religion Com-.qucsts all students who have not
mission, ill'e in charge of the nicet— Ipurchased their tickets, to do so im-
lng. lincdiatcly.

Contested ’44. Bunncr Disupp ‘urs
Via Sophomore Girls, Aulomolrilc

by Nora Glispiu'y

@___W,
, . . V I. .waving thcii' banner in thc uh'. Ac-
. H you “fink 7". hind will“ you tunlly. they found no morc than u.
would 5““ 4‘3 “"d 44‘ . few sophomores. Ever suspicious and ‘
'I‘lll‘hdili’ “mill “1' 7130 P- Mn “10% kccn of mind. thc f'cmulc clcmcnt of
l()\\’i‘l' linll of Di'npci' was uguln bulg- Hm. plugs 01' up; mm“). (“M-own.“ Hwy
“If; Willl “'llill ﬁl‘l‘ml‘d ilk“ lllllldl'i‘llﬁ hnd bccn drawn from tho hunt by u
of f'rcshmcn mid sophomorc girls‘Mhmhhhm. m5...
anxiously nwuiling ithysknniu sip-l By this mm. 1w.) SOhIHHHUI-Ml
“111 l0 “Willi “W” “Hill” Ill“ 11111” “’1' ('I'u\\‘lllll.: in lhc lllllf' of Richardson,
l‘lli‘('m’i'lt'dNUHUW “111111015 'l'lll’l’ll-‘i‘ hnd found lhc il‘t‘HHlll'l'. und ni'icl'
““Hﬁ‘llkl‘ lil"'5“““‘“ "1“(1 i” Vill'l' word had lJt'f'll miruculousiy pussi-d
coioi'cd slacks and Whilc swcuishii'ls i h, “(my)”. (.hmmmh...’ mmmlh...h.d by
l'i‘mﬁl'd 1‘) 105“ Slum “1 llll‘ll‘ (’l'lillli‘“ ‘ llu' il'cshnu-n. pluns \vcrc inndc lo
shirlcd i'ivnls. Consequently. for (“WOW 01' 1L
cvcl'y group of sophomores. iwo vlgll- Wilh h “rpm, (M11 01' .lxvhhnwhh
uni mid supcrcilious l‘i'i'sluncn wvrv‘“Tl-(Th ,md hhhlmm. H“. (hhhhl
lurking in thc background cm'cf‘ully ‘ hmwpdm “H m“. 01- [hp wmhph 0mg ,
“’i‘llilli'lla' “W‘l'i' "WV"- yi'it-(l lhc cluss cmblcm. conccnlcd‘
After the scorch hud bccn undci' undci' lli'l' cool. in n third sioi'y
way for about 20 minulcs with no clilssi‘oolu. It was ihcn (ll'Oppcd from
uppui'cni. success on either pnri.‘ the window liito thi- wulling firms of
llicrc cuino an urgent cry from thcl u heroic sophomorc. who struggled:
ultic of Di'npci' Hull. “Sophs! successfully toovcrconm usolo fresh-
So — — oplis! Sopli — — iiiol'csl" Al. mun aggressor. Thu ’44 banner was
which instant the freshmen tlii'ongcd I then whisked uwuy in n mysterious
cn-mussc to the third floor Di'npcr. our.
Upon arrival at the scene of the Willi this in mind, you can readily
commotion. said freshmen did not see that just us "iii comes ui'icr '75.l
find the villunous sophomores smueg so ’44 goes after '43.

Finance Board reports that 835 full rcxufnsmn P-V me mm“! SW10” L0 ’
advance with the committee. Dialstudcnt tax tickets have been soldln“LlOnS delallmng m “"u' debtsi 10“

, [hut Forum defeat the original i'cso—

clcs. short stories. and poetry are I
now being accepted for the coming the College, decided that it was
issue. The deadline for thr- iiriiclcs about time that the Commons had

knit are mufflers. which. according]
to the Rod Cross specifications, mustl
’be six foot in length. “A mufl'lcr this;
‘sich‘ commented Miss Davis. “rep-1
resents two weeks‘ to a month's work
on the part of the kniitcr.“ l

The women participating in the“
program were hampered this weckl
by the fact that there was no rooml
in which they could work or store.
supplies. It was finally decided that‘
the Mysknnin room would be used.
This room is now open during the
day. and a sewing machine will soon
be installed there so that women
who wish may work there during
the day.

 

 

on a boat flint is scheduled to leave;
early in January. The articles knit-
‘tcd will be sent to Finland and
Britain.

First Aid Instruction

program. the ﬁrst aid instruction:

During the past week, over 110 stu-
dents signcd up for the course. which ,
consists of 15 wcckly lessons.

The course will be taught by in-.
struciors furnished by the Red Cross.
headquarters. A meeting of all who;
have signed up has been called for”

Forum Opposes

 

 

A law pending in Congi'essionulll
l

 

l
Johnson Act which prevents crcdlt

members of the Forum of Politics
into n heated discussion at this

 

of tho committcc which invcsligutcd
the act. and Nicholas Morsillo. ’42,l
argued for their recommcnduiionfl

lulion culling for report]. Their rcso- 5

Miss Shirley Wurz. '43, Cllilll‘lllflilI
l

incni. as follows:

"licsolvcd: Thut Forum oppose i'c-
pool of the Johnson Act of this.
Ill/11‘ "

A i‘in'ihcr resolution by
Lushinsky, "ll. urging Forum to:
support "i'cpcul of the Act ni such
iiinc us England nccds our linunclul‘
old." was dcf'cutcd. ‘

l
Spcnkci' .hinci Shorts rcpoi'lcdi

iwo i‘Xi't'lillVl‘ boui'd proposnls for .

u ’l‘own Hull group and regular ililllt'l v

Another part of the Red Ci'OSS‘uuusojL

party
lbccn cancelled by the council.

 

K‘
l; ‘941

.5

5 t

VOL. XXV, NO. 10

 

‘Dirty Linen’ Topic
0f Rienow Speech

Students of the college will hear
in assembly this morning a
speech entitled “Dirty Linen.”
The address will be given by Dr.
Robert Rienow. member of the
college Social Studies department
faculty.

He will speak of American pub-
lic policy and American educa-
tional policy. Dr. Rienow 'de-
scribes his speech as “a reap-
praisal of American educational
policy in the light of current
world affairs."

Dl'. Rienow will explain the
meaning and application of
“Dirty Linen" in his address.

 

Frosh Pledges

To Fraternities
To_ta~l_5_9 Men

'Good Will' Dances Saturday;
Innovation Sponsored By
lnterfroternity Council

 

 

Scc Page I, for Pledge List I

 

One of the most spirited rushing
campaigns conducted since 1935
ended Monday when the ﬁve-year-

 

 

Sororities Plan

old Interi‘raternity Council reported
59 freshmen accepting bids to mom-
‘ bership.

Climaxlng the two-month—period.

Gadlin Bodnei'. president of the
  Council. has announced the fra-

 

Petit Advises Freshmen Girls
On Formal Rush Procedure
As Informal Period Ends

 

ternities will hold Round Robin
"good will" dances tomorrow night.

Potter Club tops the pledge tally
with 23. thereby refuting a News
prediction that according to the re-
cent trend. it should fall below last

 

State College sororities approached year's crop of 21 pledges.

the end of their rushing for the year

as formal rushing wcck drew near
In direct contrast to thc fraternities

SLS Pledges [7
Sigma Lambda Sigma continued

whose efforts to obtain pledges were “5 “may grown} “’m‘ the addition
ended Monday for the duration of or 17 plwgcsi three more than 135i?

lilic semester. the women were now yam"
Some of the knitting which is now i facing the most intensive part of Slightly from we place it held With
being done will be sent to Europclfheh' year's activities,
Formal rushing week will start
Saturday when the freshmen women ‘
lwlll receive their rush invitations.
Those invitations entitle the girls
to thc last two parties of the rush
Wth 0",,“th Decemberamong the brotherhoods. the posi-
I ‘6. thm... will he huﬁm suppers from tion of fraternities as an institution
drive. has already gotten underway}G w 9 P. M. The second and mainlapparently remains constant. Like
lcvoni will be formal dinners on Sat-
urday cvcning. December '7. from 6
until 11:30 P. M. The usual third.
which was a Lea dance hasiivcre issued. because duplications

Kappa Delta Rho slipped

last year’s l3 pledges. when it put
‘its pin on 11 men.

Kappa Beta pledged eight men,
one less than bid. Last year 11 were
bid and 11 pledged.

Despite the implications of shifts

last year. 59 freshmen accepted
pledge invitations; 65 were bid.
However. many more than 65 bids

were generally the rule. For in-

’l‘o explain formal rushing and Stancer SLS' KDR' and POM” all

Tin-cc nppcrclnss pledges were an-
iounccd this week by State sorori—

committee at this tline. to repeal the l 1105,

Monday noon in 1.00m 206 to begin 1 bidding Bel-ma petit‘ '41. president bid 16 certain i‘i‘esinncn; Potter and

organization hi1“ lnici'sorol'ity Council. will talk SLS each pledged six of these. while
do all freshmen girls after assembly KDR pledged four.

' today.

While preparing to entertain the

yfrcshmnn girls at filial rush parties

next week. the sororities are also

busy with faculty dinners and par—
Johnson Repeallti...

iEEP Conflicts With SLS

Kappa Beta and Potter conflicted
on two bids. but came off with equal
honors. each pledging one. In the
single conflict between Potter and
SLS. Potter's pledge pin was the
victor.
‘ More uneven was the doubling-up
of bids between Potter and its oldest

 

Pill DClLi‘t pledged DOlOI'CS Bl'eg'e.iconteinpornry‘ KDR. Of the four-

42. on Monday evening. Psi Gamma

Stewart Enters Kappa Beta

Dr. Watt Stewart was inducted in-
o membership of Kappa Beta at n
pccial St'l'VlCC recently. Dr. Stewart

.luiion was udoplcd with an umcnd-  "1, new pron/“SOY m Elm 800"” . , .
<Studics Department at State Col-filic question of u silent period is

‘lcgc. i‘cplucing Dr. Charles Bm‘kci'.
r who was hcrc lust your.

Mul'liluck llolc’ (lots Wliilcwuslling

teen boys both groups wanted. Potter

has pledged Cornelia Carey, ’42, andipjedged 11, KDR. 3. SLS and KDR
Kappa Delta has pledged Sliii'leylduhhcmed on seven boys, Six of
,Coddington. ‘43.

.‘whom took the SL8 pledge.

1 The strenuous last week rushing
evidenced among fraternity groups
was condemned by Interfi'atei'nity
Council in u short statement issued
llast week. Talk of a silent period
such as the one now in effect among
the sororities. was again revived.

 

one that has been brought up unsuc-
cessfully several times in the past.

As Sludcnls Express Approval

by David Shivin emf WAC»

“Black Hole of Culcuilu." Thui.

1c in lust yi'ui"s Nun's. ’l‘oduy. onc

possl‘ssloli of flu- Coiiiinons at 0x—

wns lhc cplllu-i. conl'ci'i'cd upon the only 12 noon on tho 18th.
ominous of lluwicy lilill in un nrli-‘

’i‘lu- student body was caught coni-
|)lt‘l('l_\' llllilell'i‘ and cries of dis-

disfussions. Liul Muioiio. l... (ll-Ill mm, m” h Um “Huh. ()1 (.ulhlhhlhhhws hhd “Why huh". 1mm the tum

mun of tho rcsolulions commitlcc.
uskcd illc oi'gunlmiion's supporl of
llu- sluigcslcd Si. huwi'cncc Wnici'-
way, which will ull’cci Albany. ’l‘hc
I'l-solulion gocs inio commillcc llllﬁ‘h
wcck.

b
.n

. . ‘H
Statesman Seeks Material l
in

 

ul lhc nd‘jccllvc "blur-k" no longer
ppilcs.
licusoll: During the 'l‘hunksgiving

vucuiion six members of Stuic Col-’

'gc's junlloi'lnl l'ol'cc luborcd for

‘iwo wholc duys scrubbing. washing

nd (lusting.
Since tho Commons is in constant
so. and this use gum'dcd jcnlousiy

Miss liluncho Kii'slicnblum, 'All. by students in the college. if is many
editor of the Hill/(’Hlllﬂif, college lil- ‘iimcs impossible for tho janitorial

crui‘y Lili(l humor mugnzlno. nn- if
nounccs tluil. contributions of urti-

will be announced in next week’s u
Nuws.

)rco to make necessary cleanings.
The day before the vacation. Dr.

John M. Suylcs. acting pi'csidcnt of

bulb. With an order from the

president’s office. the janitors took

‘lu'l loading to illc Commons us
gcnllcnu-n returned with their ladies
from their ill—inled duncc dates.

‘ Small groups of students stood
Im'ound the corridor of lower Di'iipcr
‘und the locker rooms discussing the
lunlu-i'uldcd closing of so vital ft
:CUlli'gC ni'lcry us the Commons.
lih'ldgc puriics were transported to
lAnncx hulls. and locker rooms.

An inventory of the work done
adds up to this; stuumpipcs dusted
and scrubbed. chandeliers cleaned,
wulls scrubbed. and floors mopped.

The Publications Office on the
lowor floor of Draper underwent the
same lreutiiicnt with similar pleas-
ing results.

25th ‘~°

F  Year

     
    
         
   

   

 

       
      
       
          
        
 

 

i
E
r

   
   
       

     
      
      
        
    

