 
  

 
  
   
    
  

L.
.:r
)
r/
I

"ij  IS:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
   
    
  
  
     
      
  

 

 

 

 

 

Pam

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 23, 1940 A ‘ i V.

 

 

THE WEEKLY BULLETIN

TI is bulletin will be the medium for all announcements of an oﬂicial
nature‘. Students and faculty are requested to look to the bulletin f0?
information. Notices for the bulletin must be in the NEWS mailbox
not later than 5:00 o’clock on the Wednesday of each publication week.

 

PART TIME EMPLOYMENT
Students seeking employment are
requested to come to the PTEB
office to fill in schedule blanks
for the second semester. Blanks
will be found on the PTEB desk
and may be filled in any time dur-
ing the day. It is imperative that
schedule changes he made as soon
as possible.
Mary Jane McNamara,
Edgar Ferrets, Directors.

ART EXHIBIT

Students are requested to watch
the bulletin boards on the second
floor of Draper hall and the li-
brary display cases for exhibits of
reproductions of Italian master-
pieces such as those shown by
the Museum of Modern Art at New

Y R.
or Ruth E. Hutchina,
Assistant Professor of Fine Aria.

STUDENT EMPLOYMENT
BUREAU

The following books are on re-
serve in the library:
Barr, Characteristic Differences in

the Teaching Performance of

Good and Poor Teachers.
Beale. Are American Teachers

Free?

Donovan. School Ma’am.
MacDougall. Techniques of Teacher

Sell-Placement.

Ryan. Your Clothes and Your Per-
sonality.

Umstahd and Others. Institutional Feb. 28—-—Lutheran club supper.
Team?" Placement Feb. 28—Adult Education council,

U. S. Department of Interior Bul-
letin, 1932, No. 17, Monograph No.
12, National Survey of Secondary
Education, Selection and Appoint-
ment of Teachers.

Paul Bull“: Direct“ Feb. 29—Debate, University of Wil-

SERVICE FRATERNITY
The State College Service fra-
ternity will meet Monday night

State Debate Squad
To Have Home Meets

college squad in an Oregon style

1 Album net h- members will visit the Italian ex-
gg'tillssghle bgblutllli‘n of Ptil Kagpa hibit in the Metropolitan Museum
Delta, national debate society, will of Art.

guide the discussion. It states:
“Resolved: That the United States
should follow a policy of strict isor
iation toward all nations outside the
western hemisphere engaged in civil
or international conflict." On
Thursday. Anne Lomnitzer and Bet-
ty Denmark. seniors, will participate
in a round-table discussion with the-
debaters from the South. ,

Thomas Augustine and Vincent
Miller, sophomores, entertained the
Fordham debaters yesterday. Last
Wednesday, Haskell Rosenberg, '40,
and Glen Walrath, '42, met the
Rochester branch of Niagara uni-
versity. All of these round-table
discussions concerned the Phi Kap-
pa Delta question.

Sullivan Will Continue

Dancing Classes Today
Rita Sullivan, '40, has announced
that the classes of instruction for
freshmen who desire to learn how
to dance will be resumed starting
today at 3:30 o'clock in the Lounge
of Richardson hall. _
As in the past, music will be
furnished by Esther Stuhlmaker,

. .. weekend trip to New York cityfdac;
rin the second week of its cording to Betty Bunce, pres en
holillilete sctiedule, the State debate of the club. Some of the members
team will engage St. Rose on Wed- of the club will leave Albany to-
nesday and on the following day. morrow, with Miss Edith Wallace,
the University of William and Mary. assistant professor of Latin.
Dorothy Johnson and Janet remainder of the group will join
Sharts. juniors, will represent the them in New York Sunday.

at 7:30 o'clock for the purpose of
electing officers for the coming
year, The meeting will be in the
Lounge of Richardson hall.

Richard Plait, President.

SOCIAL CALENDAR

Feb. 23—Assembly, Talk by Mary
Jeanne McKay, NSFA president,
Auditorium, 11:10 o’clock. _

Feb. 23—Sophomore Leap Year
Party, Commons of Hawley hall,
8:00 o’clock.

Feb. 24—Basketball games, Fresh-
men vs. Albany Business College.
State college vs. St. Michael's.
Gymnasium of Page hall, 7:30
o’clock.

Feb. 25—SCA “State College Sun-
day," First Presbyterian church,
State and Willett streets, 11:00
o'clock.

Feb. 26—0pen hearing for activity
heads of point system revision
plan, room 109, 4:30 o'clock.

Feb. 26—Service fraternity meeting,
Lounge of Richardson hall, 7:30
o’clock.

Feb, 27—Advanced dramatics class

to present two one-act plays,

Auditorium of Page hall, 8:15

o'clock.

Feb. 28 — Religious commission

meeting, round table discussion

led by James Robinson. young
negro minister, Lounge of Rich-
ardson hall, 3:30 o'clock.

Albany Town Meeting, room 20,
8:00 o’clock.

Feb. 28—Debate, College of St.
Rose vs. State college, Lounge
of Richardson hall, 8:00 o'clock.

liam and Mary vs. State college,
Lounge of Richardson hall, 8:00
o’clock.

Classical Club td Visit
Exhibits in New York

The Classical club is planning a

The

Among other things, the club

 

ForSale

Westland Hills Colonial
house. Living-room, dining
room; large knotty pine
paneled studio; first floor
lavatory; electric kitchen,
including G. E. dishwash-
er and range. Four bed-
rooms; 2-car garage. House
recently rc-dccoratcd
throughout. Many other
unusual features.

Will sacrifice

 

’43. Upper-class girls will assist
Miss Sullivan in this instruction.
There is the possibility of combin-l
ing both the boys’ and girls' classes

PHONE: 2-8023

 

 

in lieu of separate meeting. I

 

 

Geo. l). Jeoney. Prop.

Boulevard

IDS-ZOO CENTRAL AVENUE

 

and Grill

Dial 54913

Cafeteria

 

 

 

 

ALBANY. N. Y. I

 

 

 

Chesterﬁeld presents a
Combination you can count on for

MILDNESS 

AND BETTER TASTE

The perfect blend of
the world’s best cigarette to-
baccos in Chesterﬁeld gives you
the two things you want and

 look for in a cigarette . . . Real
Mildness and Better Taste.
Then, if you add that
Chesterﬁelds are far cooler,
you know you have a ciga-
rette that really satisﬁes.

  
 
  
  
  
 

CLARK CABLE
AND ’
VIVIEN LEIGH .1

 

 
     

  
    

   

 



 sterile

' The Cooler, Better-Tbsting, DEFINITELY MILDER Cigarette

Copyright 1940.
Lloom a Mvuu
TOBACCO Co.

 

 

 

   
   
  

 

 
   

u n'iisrcpl'csonicd ugc,”

gravity. Miss McKuy llll’t‘fl hcl'sclf on
tho Allll'l'lCﬂll
think lho lchspupcrs of this coun-
try shinncl'ully smcul'cd tho Youlh
congress. 'l‘hcy deliberately distorted
the Congross' Washington meeting

und boos.
isolated and infrequent." she said.

explained her

State College Ne

 

 

 

z-443

 

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1940

 

VOL. XXIV, No. 18

 

 

Assembly Today
To Feature Vote

On Amendments

Revision Committee

 

Point
to Offer Resolutions
for New System

Lloyd Kelly. ’40. president of the
Student association, has announced
that this morning's assembly will
The first
order of business will be the report
from the standing Point System Re-
The text of the

be a business meeting.

vision committee.
committee’s recommendation is:

I. Resolved tllnt Article V. Section
2 be nmondcd by striking out part (d).

by-lnwn be
amended by striking out section 0 mid

ll. Resolved that tho

nulmtituting the following:

Section 0. A syutcm providing for

n more democratic dlutrlbntlon of of-
ficcu Ia hcroby outnblishcd:

n. This system. shall be known no the
“MnJor-Mlnor Offlcc Plnn.”

b. The Studcnt ilnsoclntion shnll do-
tormino which officcu shall be muJor
and which nlinor.

c. All offices not llnlcd no major or
minor shill] be known no unclnsslflod
offices.

d. A portion may hold one major of-
flcc l|l|il no minor offices; or two minor
offices. ’l‘horo shnll be no restriction
on tho number of unclnusii‘lcd offlccs
which may ho held.

 

 

Students Will Receive

New Statesman Issue

According to Marcia Brown,
’40, Editor-in-chief of the States-
man, we can expect the second
issue of that publication to be
on the market before this morn-
ing's assembly.

Present plans are for its dis-
tribution at one of the tables in
the lower corridor of Draper
hall in time for assembly snitch-
ing. This issue will be larger,
better. and will contain greater
variety in makeup. style. con-
tent. and print. We wouldn't
think of telling you some of the
nice things which you will come
across when you rip open your
copy and devour its contents (or
just devour it, we don’t mind),
but you can be sure of sumpin’
special nice, and on State’s intel-
lectual level, too. No mention
was made as to variety in source,
but we’ll bet the student body
came through with its contribu-
tions—or did they?

’SCA Anticipates State Rd R” to Battle
i Varied Program

gnarl... .. our... T... on Page court Tomorrow

I Mai-ford Will Discuss -A—~—~——~ ~—~- '——~ 0

i War and Religion VARSITY COACH Line-up at Full Strength

with Frament, Havko
Back in Condition

HOPE TO AVENGE LOSS

Contest Will Be Final Game
for Senior Members
of Varsity Team

 

 

“

SCA is continuing its plans for
the mid-winter program. Fresh-
man commission, Student and Re-
ligion commission. Social
commission and Club x will have
meetings in the immediate future.

Freshman commission will spon-
sor an “All-College-Lounge-Tea"
Thursday from 3:30 to 5:00 o'clock.
Bryant Taylor, president of Fresh-
man commission and general chair-
man of the tea, announces the fol—
lowing committees: publicity. Wil-
liam Phipps; hostesses, Shirley
Eastman; arrangements, Dorothy
Roth; re-arrangements. Barbara
Kerlin; food, Dorothy Huyck; floor-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

State has its last opportunity to
salvage something from a mediocre
season tomorrow night. when the
cagers face RPI's visiting aggre-
gation. The Engineers, traditional
foe of the Teachers. invade Page
with a record that has seen them

 

 

Bureau Will Have

Panel Tomorrow

The Student Employment bureau

c. Myaknnin Hllll.” ho rcnponslhlo for W111 Sponsor a panel (“SCI-15510“ for

lilo proper (lllfiil'iii'llli'llt of this system.

(i) 'I'hc olccilon of officers to oil posl- [h
iionu (‘iH'i‘l'i'd by tho Ilanor-nlhlor 10

phul uhuli inko plnco bcforo tho

seniors and graduate students ill
e auditorium of Page hall from
:00 to

12:00 o'clock tomorrow.

lost school tiny In April with ill(' The discussion will center around

oxccpiion of Htudoni. usnoclntlon
offlccrs prcviously providod for.

until ccrtil‘icd by Myuknnlu.

(it) No pcruon uhnll ho corilflcd to of—
i'lco whcn uucll certification uhull
rcunlt in it vlohlflon of this Hyu-
tom.

(1) Myskunlu shrill hum the power to
rcqnirc lilo rcslgnnilon of any pcr-
non holding office ill violation of
this syuicnl. '

Following the report which willl

be read by Walter Harper,
committee chairman, the association
will discuss and vote on the three
amendments which have been post-
ed for the required two weeks. The
amendments are as follows:

I llcl‘chy prmmuc the following
l|lilt'illlllll‘lIi—Nil‘llillll: out Article III
which rcndu: “All rcgulnrly cnrullcd

slinlcniu of Ncw York Sluic (‘ollcgo
for 'l‘cnchcru nod ilny apt-clol sludcnis
of this coils-go Nllitll lIcconIc ulcnlhcru
of this imaocinilon
llu- hinulu-t flu“; ulld substituting. "All '
r'cgulnrly cnrollcil undcl'grlldunlc Hill-
dcllis or Ncw

llon.‘
l nloi'c Io nmcnd I‘l'ili‘lﬂ XI of the

(a) All clccilonu shull ho provisionnl 'pl'l‘nclpnl looks for in the beginning

teacher."

The five principals who will talk
include: Mr. Arnold Copping, Ber-
lill Central high school, Berlin; Mr.
F‘. Remington Furlong, Cocylnnns
Cclllrnl high school, Coeymans; Mr.
Ralph  Stanley. Hadley-Luzel'ne‘ll,C(l llllllllJCl' of State SbllClUnLS Who
'40, Central
zerne; Mr.
Borne-Knox Central
Borne-Knox; and Ml‘. Richard Rd
Wurth.
school, Rocssclville.

leaflets
of books
ill‘Olll
"m," Dunno", M sccking will be distributed.
The Student Employment bureau
York Hiliic (‘ollcgo i'or announces the
'l‘cllchcru urc lIH‘llllH‘l'N of this nuuoclii- lllOlllSI Alllbil. Fl‘ﬂllck,
' l driunutlcs,

ltllo question. “What the high schooll

 

high

school, Hadley-Lu- l

high school. i

Rocsselville Central

the Pruyn library on job-

following place-
'34, science.

public speaking, Town

(‘olmiiinilou of tho Hturlcnl uuuocluilon or qub' Ol‘d Forge; Anne Kalich-
by striking on! tho words: "Inujorlfy mml- 39' lmlsonnel Workv New York
oi’ the lllf'llllii'l‘H oi‘ the sludcnl ilauoclo- State Trnlnlng school for Girls, Hud—

llon" oud uulmliiutlng In illcir pluco

lilo following: “two-thirds of tho Inonl-  June Wilson' 40' Junior high
in- ‘u of lhc Hindi-iii lIHhUi'liIIlOll voting." “DIRTY. SCOUH; MI'S. JQVCC EClWill‘dh‘,

Kcnolvcd: ’l‘hul inllcnllulcnt II to tho
Hindi-Ill unnociniion constitution in horo-
l),\' rcpcnlcd; tho following to IN‘ unh-

nn-niu to tho constitution nnd budget
shrill iiillc phlcc on tho lmicony of tho

kunin'a nupcrriulon.

i'lccru. ’l‘ho |)I't‘Hllll'l|i of Hludcut no-

1 r . u , . . .
mwlnllon ulmll iicicrnllnc lhc limo of hm’M‘son' 37' Lonnnmce' Rocneblel
Business school, Rochester.

Pretty Southerner

by William Dorrlulco 0
"Contrary to tho sluicillont ill the
ans.” Mary .Icminc McKay. pres-
idcni of NSFA. who spoke here
lost li‘l‘lilily, is not twenty-five yours
old. “I um only 23," said Miss
McKay in on Activitlcs office inter-
vicw Friday afternoon, Apparel—
lcd unnu'tly in 11 wine crcpc suit,
Miss McKuy (icclul'cd, "A girl of
my tcndcl' yours is cusily hurt by

 
    
 
   
   
   
  

Turning to matters of gl'cutcr

Youth congress. “l in

Actually the boos were

In a response to a question, she
almost negligible

'40, music and sewing, Glen Falls;
Elizabeth
"mum, I" I,” “hm” “Mm”, 0,, Hum"... ill commerce, Schaghticokc; Helen
Bcrnul'd. '39. mathematics and guid-
(‘onllnonu of llnwlcy hull uullcr Alyn- uncc' LU RO‘V; Durwjn van Keuron'

Th... mm," M..." '40, comlncl'cc, Andes; Bucl Arnold.
Illu'c lhc unnlc rulcs ma clccilona of of- '30,

Airs Views
0n Styles and Youth Movement

southern (ll'llWl. “I have taken
spccch training at college and have
worked with norillcrilci‘s for years."
She broke into n brood southern
diulcci with, "How yo' all, llonoy
chilc'.’ Wily sho’ nuff, llollcy lnnlb.
I can lulk like that too, although
I think most souillcrncl's who do
talk that way are pulling on."
She dcscrlbcd Vussul' as having
0110 of the most unusual styles in
the North. "Thu girls there are wear-
ing Scotch kills. All they need now
is bogplpcs and they could enlist

of you boys will teach me to jitter."
she coyly suggested.
Miss McKay learned to jittei'bug
that night at the Sophomore party.)

Wheeler, '40, substitute

COllllTi Ol'CC, Jamestown;

"‘*‘ Barrett.
Joseph
Juncl. Ellis, Louis Franccllo, Walter
Hill-per. Otto Howe,
I.connl'd Kowuisky, Hclcn Lonllcn.
Mul‘y Julie McNunlul'u. Roger Mor-
un, Doris
Dorothy Prltchul‘d.
Elly Schccr, Walter Simmons. Rita
Sullivan. Mary 'I‘l'ainor, and June
Wilson.

There will also be a meeting of
tho senior class Monday at 8:00
o'clock in the Inglc Room of the
Alumni Residcncc halls to clarify
iilc object of the Dorm drive. Dr.
John M. Sllylcs, president of the.
collcgc and Mrs. Bertha Brimmcr,
(executive secretary of thc Aluminium-s of State’s faculty. The soph—ll’lllys 'l‘ucsdny night directed by
association, will
nlcctlng.

Scottish regiment."

’l‘llc prclly southcl'nci' confcsscd.
shc won it jitlcl'bug iii houri,
duucc cruzc puss-ed me by when I
was ill collogo.

"'l‘llo '

Now ill llly lllll‘d

Edward Thompsonyia 12:35 o‘clock class on Wednes-

mghrx nch under the leadership of Ed-
,gul'l Pcrrclz and Geraldine Ewing.

At the discussion, two hundred'“cmom' for U“? purpose Oi decmmg
conmhmlg a bibliography lilo nature of iuiuicmcctmgs. The
which may be obtained rFucsctiuy lncctnlg Will feature clif-
crcn
mixers, and Virginia reels.

mun, seniors. co-cllail'mcn of the
1040 Dorm drive, have announced
the list of captains who will assist
ill forwarding the campaign. A
certain number of classmates will
be assigned to each captain who will
Lora contact them in regard to pledges.
The list includes:

Perhaps one dent; Benson 'I‘ybring. '42, treas- Assisting Chupcll in his pi'epar-l

uror; Alfred Stiller, '42. recording aliens are:
(Ed. noto—— secrolary;
responding secretary;
Portley, ’43.

show, Van Ellis and Don Vanas.
Social Action Commisison
Tonight Canterbury club and SCA
will cooperate with the local Peace
council ill presenting the Reverend.
Richard Morford, minister of the
House of Friendship, at 8:00 o'clock
ill the Lounge of Richardson hail.
Tile subject of discussion will be
“Religion and Problems of War."

victorious in 8 out of 10 starts in
contrast to the home team’s 4 out
of 11 record. However, this is the
one game of the year when State
fans can disregard past form and
expect to see the home quintet play
its head off in an effort to gain
the major prize of the hoop cam-
paign.

The team has built up a terrific
to win tomorrow. Just
_ ___W*_Hm_ H the fact that RPI is the foe is
enough, but in addition the boys
vividly remember a 34-28 opening
season 1035 that they are bent on
avenging. Besides that. five mem-
bers of the squad will be out there
hoping to end their basketball ca-
reers at State with a victory.

 

G. Elliot Hatfield, whose squad
Tomorrow the Social Action com- faces RPI tomorrow night Wm
mission will conduct a tour to the

South end of Albany. It is urged

u t 1 . ' -St t dB t
.3;  nursingstatuses. a e an a 63
Albany meet ill the Rotunda of
To Debate War
\

Draper hall at 9:45 o'clock.
Student and Religion Commission
Wednesday, from 12:00 to 1:00
o'clock. Dr. T. 2. K00, brilliant cm- The State varsity debate squad is Home, court Edge
nose leader and member of the entering its Dre-spring schedule With Because pas" performances rarely
Worlds' Student Christian fedcm— a debate with Bates college 011 Wed- mean “Wth between these two
lion staff, will address the assembly ncsday at 8:00 o'clock in the Lounge {005' “We  “We sense 1“ analyzmg
at Albany Business college. A lim- 01‘ Richardson hall. lisl)ecuv‘?thllec°’ds‘ Worth IOOkmg
The squad has almost finished its so’mﬁfgﬁlon etsﬁatlstlggge hgvme 53:?
seminar activities. The past few have exerted O h 0t,  ,5
periods have been devoted to dis- the past RPI X? 11:33] gamma:
Cussmg and pmcmdng the Oregon invincible against evor one (in the
style of cross—examination discus- .87 court The“, onlyytwo defeats
sion. The schedule of forthcoming came at the hands of stevens Tech
contests, however. will include panel and Union. both were M ed awn
discussions, Oregon discussions, and from Troy 'In fact mellcgerry ans;
“‘0 form“! Sty 19 dePaies- White" have ill the two years that
Anne Lomnitzer. Vice-president of “my have played in their new gym
Debate council, and Betty Denmark, lost only one game at home and at
seniors, will represent State college the same “me have won only one
against Bates in the Oregon style on the mud. Possibly, the Elwin-
discussion Wednesday, on the timely eersv record this year would not
topic: “Resolved: that the United be as good were it not fer the fact,
Stale 09“ best SOTVC democracy by that only three games have been
remaining neutral.”

 

 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
    
 
 
 
   
  

llovc neithcr n 10:00 o'clock nor

day have been inviin to attend.
A planning committee for Club

types of dancing~sociah

Chairmen Announce
Dorm Drive Captains

Tm question is 3 mm} Lte played away from familiar sur-

‘. - . 3 5 e S“ ' l‘Ollll(llll s. On the other hand,

m'lﬁmsmwyl M'fc‘, Mm‘duy mcut of the national forensic fra- state's ginvinclblllty over RPI in
" “"f-V “ans Mm ternity, Phi Kappa Delta, question.

Page hall has been equal to the
Englncers' domination at Troy. In
fact. RPI has never beaten State
on the Page floor.

Mr. Hardy, debate couch, says that
he expects an “enlightening discus-
slon.”

Plans are being formulated for a , .
trip to western New York. In ad— . Pu“. Stwnmh.
dilion a delegation will go to 001- F01 “‘9 “‘5'; mm“ m I
gulc university to attend the New Weeks' Sm“) ‘5 at full Suengm-
York State Debate conference. Both memem “ChilevetdsthMiglg‘éni 113‘?!“
f ] .'. .V,“ 1 .1. ormallco agans . es. p ay-
0 “we L U S cone m Am] lug with a bad cold and a weak
wrist, while Johnny Havko was cut
over the eye early in the game.
Both are fit and ready to go to-
morrow night.

RPI has come up with a scoring

The return of the natives will “my” “:Cmmy m the perison or
occur at State tomorrow when many solmomm“ Bu” HH‘Vks' Hes been
of the alumni return m be “Tatum hitting double figures consistently,
fried. and scaled by Jimllly Chapel]. and "um Rusty Cnmmn' mugy
'41. gcnci'ul chairman of the second come]? bhomd We" the Donaldmen
iulnluil Alulllnl day. When queried, “Mac '

Cllupcll said. "We’re trying to make
lhis n traditional event in order to
l‘L‘kllldlC some of the old college .

spirit among our grads and bring one'Act Presentations
thcln closcr to their Alma Mater." Advonccd Dramatics will enter

Imimuons have been so“, out its sccolul week of the current sea-
,Lo over 200 alumni and male lneill- 50“ wm‘ “1“ Presenmum of two

Joseph McKcon mid/Janice Fried-

several

Mury Al'lldt. Murjoric Baird. Juno
Ellen Best, Allcc Brown.
Cuppicllo, Ruth Donllelly.

 

(.‘lmpcll To W clcomc

I I y I |‘ y 1
ank Klugm Old Timers Tomorrou

 

Parlzot, Eleanor Pratt,

Poul Supolsky,

 

Drama Group to Offer

“1“” P11” “1 U‘ellslicutcs will be given an oppor— l “'0‘,” PW” “"d
(innity to com pare l‘Clllllllh‘CCilCt‘Sl-lumors‘
in “gub-fcsts," cards. ping-pong nnd‘ lici'tcl's play is a dramatic tragedy
lvolley bull. Evan a basketball gmnelwhich dculs with the Serbian peas-

Robcrt Hel'tel,

 

Group Installs Officers

At. its meeting lust Monday night. i“ "'1 “"3 Program for "mos" wr‘olum’s' The “M Wm be: Hyman Melt”

 

illil 5mm College SCI-V100 {mm-mm, can (like it." Ill the evening the and Louis Greenspan, juniors;
to gIVc the impression of radicalism. yunp mu “1' undergraduate work, “mummy mm. new Officers for boys will receive a buffet supper Louise De Angelis and Vincent Mll-
riot. and lnnnomlity.” In a slight I l'ilgl‘cl not huvlng learned to Jlt- 1940-1041: Paul Grullun. '41, pi‘csi- {Ind cusses M3, the basketball samemle}. sophomoub. and George Kunz.
southern (ll‘uwl she added. that ici'hug'. I run crazy ovor tho snag. dcnl; Willlunl Hillier. '41. vice-pl'csi- "1” f0" “99' I 43-
lho papers “played up the biases shul‘ﬂ‘l‘ “m1 Lmdy'

Miss Pogcr's presentation is a
Dennis Hannah andiantasy in pantomine. The cast
'43, cor— Louis Greenspan. juniors; Howardiincludes: Ann Rattl'ay and Barbara
and James Anderson and Clay Sprowls, soph- lFerree, juniors; Laurette Bervatius.
macros; and Jack Bradt. '43. '42 and Muriel Scovell. as.

Robert Rich.

historian.

    
  
  
       
  

. ...—~.n.x.c;.:rni1:sarr ..

     

