 

 

 

  
    
 
 

  
    
   

 

l.

    
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
         
    
    
   
   
    
      
     
   

   

  
  
  
 
  
  

.m-vzﬁr. .~¢l§<“sig;r.‘a'» Mu. -. :'-7‘ .. <

Page 4

lluniors Finish Plans

Snell Announces .
For Festive Weekend
(Continued from page 1, column 5)

Debate Schedule
This dance is informal and will be

Forendc sauna ta pi’cu“ the grand finale for the Junior week-
Neutrality, Isolation, e
and Democracy

 

 

nd.

Catherine O’Bryan, vice-president
of the class of 1941 and general
chairman of the Junior Prom, has
appointed the following committees
to assist her: music, Enes Novelli,
chairman, Doris Grossman. Glen
Clark, Robert Mesek, Roy McCreary;
invitations and bids, Doris Dygert,
chairman, Hazel Brown, Delfio Man-
cuso and Charles Quinn; chap-
eronhs, Loretta Kelly, chairman, E1-
len Hurley and Virginia Donley.

 

A tentative schedule for the State
college debate squad has been drawn
up by Louise Snell, ’41. secretary
of Debate council, and Mr. William
G. Hardy, instructor in English and
debate coach. About twenty-five
meetings will be included on the
completed schedule.

The tentative schedule for 1940

follows: February 21, Niagara;
i252,3ici'ordham; 28, St. Rose; 29, W11-
liam and Mary. March 5, Bates; 7,
McMaster; 12, Nazareth; 20, Siena;
indefinite, New York university. In
April, a team of from four to six
members will take a trip to the
western part of the state, meeting
the University of Rochester, Niagara,
Rochester division of Niagara, Wells,
and Hobart. Tentative dates for
debates have been made with Elmira,
Cornell, Hamilton, and Vermont.

The annual New York State De-
bate conference will meet at Col-
gate university in the latter part of
April.

Some of the debates will be on
the Pi Kappa Delta, national debate
society, question: “Resolved: That
the United States should follow a
policy of strict isolation toward all
nations outside the western hemis-
phere engaged in civil or internation-
al conflict." Others will be on the
subject: “Resolved: That the United
States can best serve democracy by
remaining neutral.”

 

THE WEEKLY BULLETIN

This bulletin will be the medium

nature. Students and faculty are rem

information. Notices for the bullet

not later than

 

llilii I'El).\li()(il'l'l V V l

Anyone desiring a PEDAGUGLilu Willi:
hits not paid his student tax siioiiril
Contact Alt'n iirown lil once llilIlllLI

the student mall.

with name engraved for ltl'ty cents ex ‘(lt'llt‘A

m“ Marie 0. new. niiiior.
PART-TIME IGNII‘LUVNII‘EN’I‘

At the present lilliU‘lllt‘ i’il‘luil is.di--l
lugi-il with applications tor sot-one
semester work and Its bonding I‘\.ili:\.
eti’oi'i to satisfy applicants. .III Ulllli“
to save time, students iii'i' iislwd to in.‘
prompt in kid-ping llllilliillilli'il‘dlih his;
deslgniileil on the slips passii o

through llli‘ student inaii.
I‘iilgur A. I'errt-tz,
.\Iiiry Jillli' hit-Nnniiirii,
lliri-i'iors.

(iIF'I'H ItI‘K'I‘ilVIGII IH' IllliltAIISI

The Southern 'I‘ll‘l‘ Alumni lis‘iill‘lzillnli
l't'i't'lill,\' lllillillt'll two \’lilllillil'~‘ in the
College librarr. ('Ill‘lillllllilvl;.~ Legends
of the Longiiouse, :iiid lhonipsoli 3
Holly, lioois. IIIIII I'riii-lii-n. _ ‘

(ll'llt‘l‘ donors to llll‘ library ~illl‘i' in.
l llil‘llllli‘ llll‘ following ilii‘lil’i)‘ [xiii-l
l'i'it-iiils; .\. K. lilil‘ﬁniih' . i.‘ liin
Illlt'lli'l‘, (l. l-,. lioughis. \\. .\l. I'l"‘ll|‘ll.
.loliii lillli‘ﬁllli‘, .\lrs Halsey llitliilli'iliil
M. ('. l'rill'lilirii. .\liss lli-i'iliu liooi lilo
Siliti- college corop. K, In. “hm-ling;
Mr. Gillespie gave 0 letter, tinted 1%.,
from l"iilllil0 Webster, :1 student at, the
Normal school, to her parents lll “tr-sl-
ford, Uisego county. .\Il‘. Hammond
gave the diploma graiilod to her fathxr,
Ill,‘ Volsoii \\'ooil, ol' the class of lino...

Mary It}. ('olib,

Director of the college library.

5:00 o'clock on the Wednesday of each publication iocelc.
gym-” _____.

Tile price is $3.50‘t’irst lillll' in llli' history

William Haller is chairman of the
Junior Luncheon. Committees are:
arrangements, Vivian Livingston,
chairman, Josephine Antonacci, and.
Joseph Schwartz; speakers, Tillie
Stern, chairman.

General chairman for the infor-
mal Tea Dance is Stephen Kusak.
Committees aiding him are: ar-
rangements, Frances Riani, chair-
man, Marion McCausland, Arnold
Ellerin, and Constandino Paris; dec-
orations, Carol Golden. chairman,
Helen Lasher, Clarence Olsen, and
Joseph Withey; music, Gerald Sad-
dlemire, chairman, Betty Parrott,
and Charles Manso; programs, Vir-
ginia McDermott, chairman, Edna
Austin, and Ada Parshail; chape-
rones, Louise Chapman, chairman;
refreshments, Dorothy Berkowitz,
chairman, Ruth Larson, and Mar-
garet Park.

Bids and tickets for these three
affairs will go on sale at a table op-
posite the girls“ locker rooms Mon-
day morning.

for all announcements of an o/jiciiii
tested to look: to the bulletin fat
in must be in the NEWS mailbox

 

RESIDENCE COUNCIL
Miss IIl'li‘ll iliill Morehiiiil. dean of
students, has presented ki‘yﬁ ftor 
i -‘ ' -' - -i (-o t‘ o -
ioiiiibiis oi itisidinii l‘lll‘i sum. W1-
Siii-ii i'wogii‘iiioii will be given
‘ill'li Moving up [my lit-ri-lil'li-l'.

 

1 Al lil'i‘ii'lil, llll' ('Ulllll'll is preparing
a buokli-i for all the iVoini-iis ‘grtilllll
liiuuses \\'lllt‘li contains 1| 'tllSi'lish'liiii oil
ill'lIVI'l i-titliii-tte, ilil‘ tiik'inguil show}
' and sight-seeing in New iork

llrians.
:i'ily.
‘ lliiry A. Ariiilt,
I'I‘(“III(‘IIl of the council.

' ' i
, Ht)('l.\l. CALENDAR j

lv‘t»b. 1| Siziii-siiiaii lll'llllllill'.

I-‘n-b. 11 t‘niiiri'biiry club. corporal,-
i'uiltlliliilinli St Andrews i-lilirt'h.
you oi-lm-li.

l'i'li l’JV'lIliiiIlil)

i-‘vlu 1:: ln-I'llirv by i'ul‘l Sandburg.
I'.i',.’i' hail, ~,i.'i o'clock.

l-‘vb ll Soplioiiini'l- via“ iiii‘l'lillil, 123:1!“
til-1m i. noon. room Iii-i.

i‘u-Iv 1i i'in’wi'i-ui‘) club. Howling liiill
l--ll"_'- :ii 7 .‘LH Melon-i.- in .\'t Andrews
[Lil'i‘li lthiN' ‘

l'-b ll .\.bin_\ 'l'owii iiiwtiiig, i'ooiu

,w l‘,.: i. li"l~‘ili not. - on it clock

‘lilfl‘iuttiteub

ll'rlionzixt (lie Students 0] the

 

 

 

Send Her Flowers From

SKINNER’S

Albany
II iisiik

Central Ave.

Itiiy .\li'('ri-iiry Htcie

 

 

College Bill/r [o .ri/bimy

We hope you will lllltl it
convenient and sensible to
i make W I: it n c y ’ 5 your

 

Eat at John’s Lunch
Dinners 25c and Up
Delicious Sandwiches and
Sundae:

7:30 A. M. —- 11:00 P. M.
Opp. the High School

shopping headquarters this
your.

C
l Wt: Witt. Iii-1 (l1.:\l) ’l'ti
SERVE You.

 

 

Geo. D. Jeoney. Prep.

and

 

Boulevard Cafeteria

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

Illul 5-llll3

Grill

ALBANY, N. Y.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 9, 1940

 

 

0/975 ,5th

You can look the whole world over and you won’t
ﬁnd another cigarette with Chesterﬁeld’s RIGHT COMBI-
NATION of the best American and Turkish tobaccos.

In Chesterﬁeld you ﬁnd just what every smoker
looks for...c00i. SMOKING, deﬁnite MILDNESS, and the
one thing that really satisﬁes...d0wnright GOOD TASTE.

 

The famous COCHAND
family ..fcther, son and
daughter (the only com-
bination of its kind). .

show thousands every
winter the fine points of
skiing, America's fastest-
growing sport.

. My
WT“

 eterfield

the coo/er, heifer-tasting. DlF/IV/I'ﬂl’ [if/[DIR agate/ta

Copyright I‘M“.
I.l(.i.l.ll it: Myths
'l'oiiAUJ; (.o.

 

   
  
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


g
i

 

 

State College Ne

 

ws

 

 

z-443

 

 

STATE COLLEGE FOR TEACHERS, ALBANY, N. Y., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1940

VOL. XXIV, No. 16

 

 

‘Red’ Murray To Teach
Embryo Newspapermen

John A. Murray, ’41, associate
editor of the STATE COLLEGE
News, will take over the teach-
ing of the News cub classes this
semester.

The classes will meet weekly on
Tuesday only from 12:00 to 12:30
o'clock in room 111 of Draper hall.

All of you freshmen, regardless
of whether or not you signed up
on Activities day or attended last
semester, may be admitted this
semester. So get out your pencils
and pads and your best reportor-
iai approach if you desire to get
an insight into the exciting job
of reporting the news of the niin~
ute before the ﬁnal edition dead-
line ends.

Seriously, however, “attendance
at these classes is an essential
requisite for promotion to repor-
tersiiip” which is announced on
Moving—up Day.

Seniors to Open
Dormitory Drive

Today at 11:10

Dr. John Sayles Will Speak
on Men’s Dormitory,
“Student Union”

Dr. John M. Sayles, acting-pres-
ident of the college, will fire the
opening gun of the current year’s
housing drive when he delivers his
talk on the desirability of a dorm-
itory for the men of State college
before the student assembly at
11:10 o‘clock this morning.

The seniors, who have conducted
the campaign in past years, will
again take charge of the drive this

 

 

Guild to Sponsor

 

Round Table on War
and Neutrality

 

Radio Discussion

Faculty Group to Conduct

Roy Eldridge Will Play
At Junior l’rom Might

 

GENERAL CHAIRMAN

Smith, Thompson
To Talk at Lunch

Bob Reid to Furnish Music
for Dance Tomorrow
at Ingle Room

The State College Radio guild
will complete its third broadcast
from the college studio Thursday
at 4:30 o'clock with a round table
discussion of neutrality on the part
of this country. Mr. Louis C.
Jones, instructor of English. will be
chairman of the discussion. The
speakers will be members of the fac-
ulty. They include Mrs. Martha
Egieston, instructor in history, Mr.
Wallace W. Taylor, supervisor of so-
cial studies, and M1‘. Warren Dens-
more, supervisor of English. I

 

 

 

 

The theme song of Roy Eldridge
and his all-colored orchestra will
fill the ballroom of the Aurania
club at 10:00 o’clock tonight,
ushering in the traditional Ju-

Neutraiity Discussion .
Each speaker will present his at-

 

 

 

 

year and committees have already
been appointed by Walter Harper,
'40, president of the class. The
preliminary draft of assistants to
Harper includes: Otto J. Howe, Jane
S. Wilson, Frank Kluge, Mary Arndt,
and Dorothy L. Pritchard. A meet-
ing of this committee was conducted
yesterday whereby a plan of action
was drawn up with the assistance of
Mrs. Bertha E. Brimmer, of the
Alumni office.
Student Union Plans

01‘. SWIG-9 W111 OUtlﬁhe the Phth In a sophomore class meeting last
for a i‘Student Union" billldlilg:wcdnesday the class of 1942 forum-
which Will be constructed on Part-Hated plans for a party to he COh_
ridge Street directly behind tllClducted in the Commons Friday
Alumni Residence balls. The build- night. paul Men-m president, of
int: Will be deSighed 0“ the Shihedhe class of '42, announced that the
style of the present dormitory but 8mm. would follow a “Leap Year"
with many added facilities. There theme. He explained that this
wni be club rooms, an assembly would mean that only the girls of
hall. a swimming pool, bowling al-‘lhe class will ask {Or dances and
icys, ping-pong and billiard i'acili- do any cutting, As has been the
lies, and even a small cafeteria for 30h“ m the past for Class dances,
short lunches. Tile £013 f1001‘ Will the festivities will be strictly of a
have about fifty rooms for men non..da[e“:.1[ul'e.
while at the same time space will be In the meeting Merritt appointed
Di'OVlded 101' 1'001115 101' RCUVM’ people to head committees, who in
heads. It has been indicated that, 111m Wm Chooh‘e those who are to
the establishment will be run on . work with them on the pal-Ly. The
the plan of the Cornell and RPI
student union buildings which pro-
vide for relaxation and recreation
us well as sleeping" quarters.

Last Year‘s Drive ‘

last year's seniors, under the lil-
tei'ugc of general chairman, J. Ed-
moi'e Melanson. and class president
Betty Huyi‘oi'd, enthusiastically eli-
dorsed the idea by pledging up to
$100 to be paid in insiuliii‘ients rang—
ing from five to ten years. A fund
for the project was started in 1036
and has been accumulating ever biy last November. More recently
MUN" Al the PFC-90m l‘ﬂle 01' l‘C- the girls of the sophomore class won
1111'“ Dl‘. SWIG-s" hopes to be able to the inter-class rivalry basketbull'
engage all lil'Cillilt‘Cl S0011 to draw 111) game and found the freshman baii- ‘
“1" illith 10'? UN“ bliildillgr nor which is now in their possession. 
The remainder of the assembly The freshman however, may makel
period will be devoted to announce- the score more even by winning some
iiieiitsziiid business. The Point Sys- of the rivalry events which arel
Lem Revision committee will sub- scheduled for the near future. Soon'
mil its report according to Walter the freshmen and the sophomores
Harper, chairman. will clash in illi‘ basketball game. i

Eldridge and

by Edwin Holstein I ' , ' .
Sneaking of heaven, “Gummy: out where they vc been. During the
Eldridge, his liorn liiiil his biind, l’m‘l ““mm' If 5'0” hul'pmwd to be

Sophomore Class
To Conduct Party

Sophs Lead Rivalry, 13-];
Men’s Basketball Clash
to Afford Points

 

 

,Geilci‘ill chairman, Margot Duren;
arrangements, Alfred Stiller; re-
1fresiimcnts, Robert Meek.

year leads in freshman-sophoniore.
rivalry by a score of thirteen to one.
In the Campus Day activities, whichl
consisted of stunts and athletic con— ‘
tests, the clues of 1942 took all the
available points except one. The
sophomores then received the iioii-‘
ors iii the sing conducted in assem—

 

 

,committec heads are as foilowsH

The sophomore class thus far tliis’

 
 

titude on neutrality in the Sino-i,’
Japanese, Russo-Finnish, and Eng-i
lish, French and German warsu
The subject is of unusual interest

{to students of the present inter-
l

nior Weekend of fun and fes-
tivity. Tomorrow afternoon, a
luncheon at Jack’s restaurant and
a tea dance in the Ingle room of
the Alumni Residence hall will com-
plete the annual weekend celebration
of the junior class.

In keeping with the spirit of St.
Valentine’s day which preceded the
Junior Prom by tw0 days, the ban-
room will be decorated in a Val-
entine theme with red and white
streamers, hearts, cupids, and bal-
loons. Red and white are the colors
of the class of 1941.

Crowning of Queen

Highlight of the evening will be
the crowning of the Junior Prom
Queen which will take place just
before the intermission or about
12:00 o'ctock. The Prom Queen has
already been selected by a vote of

Walter Harper. '40, president of the Junior class, but her identity
Pi Gamma Mu, national honorary ,‘ will he kept Secret? “hm the cmWh'
social studies fraternity, conducted‘lhg ceremony‘ The queen Will be
a meeh-hg Wednesday, February 14';one of the five candidates selected

3"
l

 

national scene. The round table
group will also emphasize the Unit-
.ed States' position in the Pan-

,‘AnlCl'icail setup of nations. ,lof the junior class and general

Catherine O’Bryan, vice-president

 

 

i Mn Wimam G. Hardy. instruchcimirman of Junior Weekend.

cationai department of WOKO and

is under the supervision of Gren—

ifei Rand, a former president of, S t P I.

String Section to Play . —

l The string section of the State ' ’

i - ‘ Pi Gamma Mu to Continue 1

College Symphony orchestra comw z
to Help Department

‘of music iii the WOKO studio.

The musicians Wl‘lli. on the air tit

4:00 o'clock. Bernard Pcrlmaii, '42,

[tor of English, will direct the pro- ' —— ~ -~——-~~--~~~~-r

igram. It is sponsored by the edu- F t It 

i the Student association, who is nowt

associated with station \VOKO. 

plcted the second in a series of _ ,
broadcasts yesterday with a program of Sacral Studies
conducted. This is an honor for

the string section which only re-

 

cently was recognized as a 59p- at the home of Mrs. Martha Egies- i by an earlier poll from a large field
:ii'ute unit of the symphony orches- L011. inStl‘UCLOI‘ ill ill-Story. The bild- 0f nommeesi “16]”de Beatrice
mi, get for the new fiscal period was,D0W€1'i Alma KhOWIES. Miriam

AL Lho conclusion of the Thu1.s_ dichssed and plans for the re-‘,NL‘WCll, Lona Powell, and Madeleine
(my broadcast, Saul Greenwald‘ '4oy‘muiiidci' of the semester drawn tl]).jSCL‘Shl’.
feature editor of the Nicws, will= A resolution was passed to 0011-? Patti Whiteman’s choice for “All-
go on the air with a review of col- ‘ mine the policy of the Oi'gaiitZa-§Ainci'icaii trumpeter," rated one of
loge news. This portion of the pro— tion which is to correlate with 010,the be“ h'UlhlJei Players in the
grain hits been carried over from igocial studies department in cx—ICUUHLI‘)’ by the national swing mu—
lilst year's broadcasts. pcdicnt matters, such as substitut—‘Sicmh'S “bible,” DWWWUL ROY Eld-
r— ' - ting for absentee professors and as-  1:112:95 Olll'ChC-‘ili‘adis EOLﬁmllmOWn t0
', , . . ,. , ,. ,si‘sting in the furtherance of re-i a 0 C0 989 S U 0“ 5~ 0 135 Dial/-
Ail!) null” 3 R“ ‘1'“ 3’ . iscarch Work in the hem of 50cm] ,1 ed at nunicrOUs famous hotels, night
It) Relieve Congestion. fsuidjes, This policy was l-eD01-[Cd,clubs, and ballrooms and recently
Lloyd Kelly, ’40. president of .as working very satisfactorily during ‘ Completed 3 long engagement at the
the Student association, requests the past semester and was unani-h’eu khOWh Al'cadhl ballroom in
that State students refrain from iiiiousiy approved by the members. New Y‘h'k Oh)" The COIOTed lil'um-
eating in the cafeteria annex be- The budget was read and heard DEL ace ahd his ah'coml‘ed OTCheS-
tween 11:00 and 11:30 o'clock. ‘and. after limited debate, was pass- “"1 Wm fumiSh mimic for me 511'
His reason for this request is led by a majority of those present.
that When Slum Sindems eat at l Harper stated that the presence

nior Prom from 10:00 to 2:00 o'clock
.' tonight.
that time, they force Milne high A . . . . ,.. ~ , . _
students, who have only that half Zlgwtélcf 520 L Arréoitcli ’E’llcrin 1will be toastmas-
hour to cat.‘ to stand UP- By evidence of the deep interest with} icing. .,“,..“,’mua. lunCheon [or “he
colnlﬂying bane “Udems can which the fraternity‘s work was be- J2, 1.0 3? (220111)“, noon at Jacks
eliminate the undesirable conges- mg received icls atlliill;  ddt‘hu‘t time. thﬂ 111-
“0’1' Refreshments and n 0” “1 m a 18'5de by Dr' Don"

 

Ellerin Toastmaster

 

 

 

entertainment

 

 

Entourage i0 Swing and Stomp dissects. is than

strumming their ii'iniiuui append-

climaxed the evening. llal  Smith,‘ professor of social
Said Harper, “For a while, we Were   Thomp-
Tlic Inch room will also be dec-
of the faculty we know the correia- (“med m the bright red and White
“on 01- the fraternity and me social t class colors tomorrow afternoon for

l‘iiey Were ﬁtiii'owin' leather and .
studies department will be satisfac- me JUNO" Tea Dance from 2‘30 to

 

 

Wm "mung “hm ihL. “MUS.” H,anil)i'(i\‘i:5i‘ill.£, Aiii'tllliltl ill that monster ages to the raucous rhythms ot'llUl‘Y-n 5‘30 0.01001“

mgou nymph “might. m the hull-“m: municipality down \\’lil‘i'c the gentle l“l’llii'kiil’ the Buss"; they were sigii- *  7 “Old ['0’ Play at Tea Dance
jmhhmm.‘ “- w“ pm)“. [my I“. W,“ t liiidsoii flows, you might well llitvcliiill,‘ to the heart-pulling strains of   ' ' i 130') RCICIIS Ol'clleiitra W111 furnish
tossii liiiiiliil live on the floor of the ACE TRUMPETER "'1'!" “Cl-lth sentimental (h't‘l‘   ’mc. mus“: 10" we “33 dance. M155
A. club that will make 't-m iill‘. You": they were listening to the , ' C‘l’mm“ LCM“ M155 Edhh Wallace.
“him- {Wt Lu“ when they're {mum   lvocui variations of that novice l    Dr.  M155 F101,“ Hhhle)’. and Dr. Matie E.
toot i'iw," ' i : _ Green Will pour.

and vice versa, lic'ii set-
tli- down for some sivcct, serious
swing for the more coiisci'vtitivel
"cuts." 

But enough of this ciitliusing i
li-l's take it look til the hook, You'vo'
guessed it: it's the [)Ull‘llllt‘ttl.'
When this national swingunusid
illi‘lt‘l' registers sixth for any iii-.
divitluui in his field, he’s just got‘
to in: good. i

  
 
 
   
 

i

 

I }  

inf the type that hich made Roy
jlilldi'iilgc famous.

iiiiisii'ul iiitistcrs that will make you ,Mhihrin
iniiil to do what you came for
l‘(liiil(‘il to a

lumber, “You're 2i Lucky Guy."
lt‘oi‘

 

“mm “m '— Bids are on sale at a table op-
posite the girls‘ locker room until
‘4:30 o’clock this afternoon. After
that they may be secured at the

special scudoutsi

, Dr. J. Allan Hicks, professor of
jgulduiicc, will speak at a Mar-
lhciriuge commission meeting, Wednes-

’i‘hose ni'c

iii-i'iiiigi.~iiieiits which will ship you‘duy M 3-30 o'clock in th

- . . t . . . . ~ ' ' 9 Lounge door Prices - i ' a -
it“ l'llta dlltl’ll‘my Insulin. ill “10 “lot Richardson hall. The topic of .,,.e.']umo. p53; mic-311 0%  wen“
,tuiiliii'c, “now are the ‘ ‘ ‘ I m ’1 v 3‘ ' 0- Junior

““hhh'hlllis discussion will be “Eiiiotionui
‘ wind it in and how to get
*Jit.." Co—cliuirmt-ii of Marriage coni— , ,
darn good band. [inissioih Theron Powell, '40, and" (“"mm'd I” 1m!” l"
Just about now, Eldridge and his Dorothy Johnson, '41, have planned

Luncheon, $.85; and Junior Tea
Dance, $1.50. A blanket bid covering

( obtain 2)

 

l Ill)oii'tustiip  thoung take a M guys are probably packing tiioii'piii informal discussion period 101- C1353 Of 1940 To Meet
at W151 . eniaii, incrieo's ‘ , lids and drums, preparatory to lowing Dr. Hicks" talk. There will be a ‘e 110' '
Knit,r 01‘ Jazz. lie‘ii tell you that “03’ hm”dl~'“ coming "up the river" to Statoi Fresiuiian commission under the ing Wednesday at6 l2:00ci)a':logkeeitn

he considers Eldridge, in addition
to being a splendid musician, one
of the best showman iii the busi-
iicss.

Now that you've found out what
Eldridge and his “ebony-skinned”
outfit liaVe been doing, let’s find

heard the strains of a trumpet is-
suing from the Savoy or Arcadia
iiiiili'ooms. For it is here that. Roy
Eldridge has been recently releas-
ing rhythm to the immense enjoy-
ment of all concerned.

And what were they enjoying?

unpacking your
for a good time in the old club Tuesday at
tonight.
State will be there!
you get't—«tlie beginning of Junior the program, there will be a Hobby ment.
Weekend.

So what? So you had better start supervision of its president Bryant
duds to turn out Taylor. ’43, will conduct a meeting tcr Harper, president of the class

3:30 o'clock in the of 1040, says that it is important
There will be a short busi- for all seniors to be present. Plans
-Mix well and mess iiiecling. Following this part of are going to be made for commence.
There will also be a finan-
cial report.

room 20 of Richardson hall. Wai-

Eidridge will be therel " Lo -‘1 in:

Lobby.

 

 

I-l:’€r~pﬂlal

a.“

  

