PAGE 4

State Women Turn Domestic;

Knit Mufflers for RAF Pilots

Holstein Asks Aid
For Vic Committee

Say, students, have you met her
yet—your new Dean of Women? We
confess we got so interested inter-
viewing her this week, we quite for-
got to take down those notes every
reporter’s supposed to consider
stock-in-trade. Notes don’t seem
important when Miss DeLaney is
describing her pleasure in finding
how similar State faculty and stu-
r‘ ads are to those of Blackburn Col-

Tlllnols, the school whose
dcansl \ si.c relinquished when she

 

Who say's the women of ’State
College aren't domestic? Havent you
noticed that they've turned to the
very feminine task of knitting?

Since the beginning of the German
onslaught this fall, several of the
women at the Dorm and at the vari-
ous sorority houses. under the able
direction of Miss Harriet Howard,

 

The Student Association now
owns some one hundred-twenty
records, practically all of which
are antiquated. The committee,
headed by Edwin Holstein, ’42,
has during the last two weeks

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1940

Foreign Dolls, Plain People interest New Dean

“At State I found very much the
same kind of student; boys and girls
who are largely self-supporting, who
who are working really hard to get
an education; if that wasn’t what
they wanted, they wouldn’t have to
make the sacrifices they do. I want
to talk to them and come to know
their stories better.

Glanclng around her office, Miss
DeLaney remarked, “They painted it
for me this summer — it’s quite
bright and cheerful, but all that
cream and brown—I think it needs a

 

__.

And that’s how the history of the
foreign doll collection came out.

"I’ve always had a few dolls set up
in the office, with a bit of scenery
from their native country,” she
laughed. “They brighten things up.
It hasn't been an easy job, getting
exactly the kind of dolls I wanted-—
not dressed-up baby dolls, but those
with hand-carved faces showing def-
inite character and personality. Old
peasants, flirtatious maidens, merry
children—that sort of thing. I'm

  

 

 

2-443

Women Triumpli
As Carroll Wins

ALBANY, NEW YORK, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 0, 1940

 

Freshman Election Results

Voting -- Monday, November 4

“MA Manager

 

 

 

VOL. XXV, NO. I

SEE Publicijes Report;
76 Graduatesﬂaced

       

Dorm Social Director, have under-

 

By   Carroll Psrg'mIdent

 

 

 

knittin of sweaters.m11f‘ n )9. ing records borrowed toy: of. i Albany. ,, . “d of them," In, 1, “Human. 30 Sh", r .K

3;? $31 sox far soldiers of the gigstlypfrd’m personal sources. “I i. . slackburn," she admitted, 5130t Of 0010“ V Vely to Forrest 53 Yollll‘lz‘y Iii was Representiltlvo 80 "E

Royal Air Force. The fifty dollars appropriated wand tin mason I first consented to ' u I \\ lille 18 skolsky 5 Dmmmn 55 "My 40 Assembly Spsaltcr  F d J b 
. What is now merely a small piece for the improvement of the new leave was because the friendliness m l 5-1913  Lama" 1"“, V|c¢_P'¢"dcncy vm_l.,wd°m Fwy 55 ank n  o s 
: 'of woolen yarn will soon be a com- system has been spent. leaving no and the social background of the Gen, 1). Jconcy' prop. a. r: on L°p_sid¢d Fin. Baum. {inyumero 1&3 3",", 19 Ml“ nemewnmme

fortable Warm mum“ gracemny surplus ‘0" the purcmse of new people at State Strongly resemble the ': Only Two Men Elected I “m erosioff "Hternii'k 12 “mm” 81 “‘1'” 4‘ In Year  40

ﬂUttermg in the breeze :5 $131511“ records, neel’ll‘ls’ and so lox‘tiiiak: gimfghere Il‘iekillgitlvn llllsfclml: til: 1 ———-—- Treasurer smwmnker Cl“7 I Elm]m 9 I

00 s low over enemy err ' . order 0 ob an money ‘0 ac urn. y01 . . E . , wer mu er __________

await you just visualize the 111- these necessary inn-chases. the studying is done by the students, Boulevard Cafeterla 33%;}:2:1:igilgecgrmelgzsyggi $2.323, 3‘; ,gifr'mm”  {ringl‘tn‘mk  sol-nan." gs s " T

gubrious expl.esslon of one of these committee requests that the men but all the other jobs of running the elected tie the presidenc’y of the (tape, 1:, Sodom“ 1,, ram 0 Dimmm .- angst“ 20 I ms or eaclisr Demand Seen _

unfortunate young men Changing to who dance this noon contribute college. Freshman Class. She is also the $533?“   " Pubmm "mm" in Five-Year Period While ;

abSONte apprecmmon as he ons “"9 cents L0 “"3 newly msmued TRY OUR BUSINESSMAN’S LUNCH third woman in twenty_ﬂv8 years liuccl 5 McNH’f‘ 93‘ liuliols so Graduates Still Increase ‘

 

collection box. Women will not
be prohibited from offering con- C. p. LOWRY
‘ tions.

t1Tile committee feels that the I wﬂlchmaker and
existing situation can not con-
tinue for the entire year; the
generosity of individuals in lend—
ing personal records has been ap-

one of the sweaters made by one of
our enthusiastic young ladies?

Upon being questioned, Miss Bea-
trice Dower, the Campus’ choice, re-
plied, giggling in that characteristic,
charming manner of hers, Yes, Im
making the darlingest, snuggiest,

Jeweler

239 Central Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

198-200 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

preclatcd very much, but the ‘
committee feels that the asso- |
elation would like to hear its own
records in the Commons.

i

 

 

 

Rehearsss --- Celebrates

 

‘ " ident-
handsome pilot gets it. Inc
ally. Bea is knitting her phone num-
om leted sometime in the future.
Kid, Igoreover, unknowu to their
irls are planning to inclose letters T D
Evith their individual offerings. ‘  
To prove conclusively that our
characteristics, those who are not
so versatile offer their services to
“ - " but he has
in sewing hems on Di. Tommy is gone, '
Pligpeiggﬁfdthe poor children who left more than one memory behind
- ' reas. week with the announcement by
refuge “(in—these war tom 21 Miss Mary Elizabeth Cobb, head
ed over to the library the manu-
script of his book, “Scottish Man of
ASSOCiai-ion Dealdes The book was published about ten
years ago.
Meeting last week in the first ' d
records made by John Gielgu , many
busmess assembly at the year' the of them Shakespearlan selections.
solutions, the first of which lncor- . ' ' d‘
librar collection me three iecor
porates a. radical change in Student mgs yof the late Dr. Brubacher
This measure, the Murray Resolu- H “T P oblems
1;; in State College and he r
tion, provides for the publlca on of Citizenship.”
of all elections at State with the u t i I
commented, to have this ma er a,
exception Of the campus and Prom which is a vital part of the history
nominations. The provisions of the m
with the man who served it a y
Murray Resolution are basically for the last quarter of a century."
which was defeated last year. t
5 care, illustrated by Rockwell Ken ,
“so passed by the Assembly was Wilts the recent gift of Miss Helen
Ferris '42, proposing that the Stu- _
' John Mistletoe Bookshop, in me
dent Association set up a committee mory of Dr. Brubacher. They also
ing the incoming freshman class H n _
Little Churches of France in me
each year in its social orientation. mory of Miss Eunice Perme' late re-
The library has set up a system of
indexing these records. manuscripts,
yesterday afternoon after rehearsal for student use as well as for student
in room 25. Jane Southwick, '44. was organizations.
which was a Hallowe’en party
with entertainments and refresh-
rehearsing for its first concert. I ”
which Will be held December 12, “Better Specialty 
231 Central Avenue

coziest, blue muffler! I only hope a
ber into her masterpiece which will
leader, Miss Howard, many 0f the
women possess all the necessary  
the other needlecraft arts. Many
have thus far not been able to find him. Tangible proof turned up this
librarian, that Dr. Thompson turn-
Print Vote Results—
Feeling.” before leaving for Cornell.
He also donated fourteen victrola
smdent “sedation passed we re- Another precious addition to the
Assocmuon procedure. speaking on “Aims and Methods of
the future of the numerical results “We are fortunate.” Miss Cobb
Queen elections and the Myskanla of the college and so close a link
those at the Agne Amendment An elaborate edition of Shake-
a resolution introduced by Fred Fay and Miss Eleanor Foote of the
to invesugate the p058”)th 0: Md- contributed a folio of plates entitled
tired art instructor.
The orchestra held its first party and books. all of which are available
general chairman. of the affair
ments galore. The orchestra is now M A D  o N ’ 5
probably in the auditorium of the

Albany High school.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dial 8-9038 . y 
ELSE’S HAIR DRESSING SK, WEAR ‘ E “IA
mm s'rvusr 
Licensed zotos  Jackets, ll()()(lC(l,
Y Fully lined ................ .. 5.98
805 madlson A”. Albany' N' ' Down Hill Ski Pants,
Fully lined .......... .. 2.98 up
Skating Skirts,
MADISON SWEET SHOP Vclvotccn - l“lilllllilil(’8
.. up
' Ski Suits,
Garbardinc - Byrd Cloth I Mﬂke your
Home Made Ice Cream k )t 7 ()8
Lunch“ Jac c .............. .. ..............  ,. I 06*
“a All wool, Reversible 06X ’0
Skirts, I ‘
785 Madison Avenue New high Shades,
3 Docrs from Quail St. L98 up
2-0733 We Deliver Exclusive But Inexpensive
and‘hrlwmoan'ruumTouwom

 

Today, more than over, people are taking to Chesterﬁeld

liccausc (Ilicslcrlirld conccnl airs on the important things in
smokiwr. You smoke Clicslcrliclds and ﬁnd llicm cool and
pleasant. You liglil one after another, and they really lustc bet-
ter. You buy pack ul'lcr pack, and ﬁnd llicm dclinilcly milder.

For complete smoking satisfaction
you can’t buy a boiler cigarette

f/[fffRf/[lﬂ

 

who was able to muster enough votes
to outrun her male opponents. Pa-
tricia Latlmer was elected vice-
president and Robert Combs, treas-
urer. The regular election was held
Monday in the Commons under the
supervision of Myskanla, senior
campus leadership society. Revoting
took place Wednesday. Revotes for
secretary and cheerleader are
scheduled for today.

Women Wage Campaign

Results show that the women have
captured all major offices. They
waged a vigorous campaign, seldom
seen at State College. Posters were
placed in the halls, while the
nucleus of the “word of mouth"
campaign was centered at the
"dorm". Carroll‘s campaign was
highly organized. Forrest‘s manager
placed cards in all mailboxes. but
his fight was fruitless. 11 got under
way too late.

One-hundred and ninety-eight
were eligible to vote. One-hundred
and eighty-three cast their ballots.
Since these figures are unusually
high for a class election. they show
“.‘iut an organized campaign can
arcomplish.

Revote figures show that Carroll
was elected on the slight margin of
three votes. In the original election
she received 82 votes, in the revotes,
85. Forrest evidently captured the
votes for all other candidates in the
revotes. ("therine Herdman won
the WAA Ina'iagershlp by a single
vore.

Two Men Elect d

Out of eight offices open to men.
so far, only two have been elected.
Revotes for song leader will be held
today. Two women and one man are
out for that post. The women al-
ready have the secretaryship, al-
though there will be a revote for
that office today also.

There will be a meeting of
Freshmen next Wednesday noon in
room 20.

For the first time in the history
of the college the STATE COLLEGE News
is publishing the complete numerical
results of a major class elctlon in
the adjourning column. The Murray
Resolution authorizing Myskanla to
release the numerical results was
passed by the Student Association at
its meeting of October 25. The fol—
lowing week Myskanla ruled that
the resolution was constitutional.

in
:

Seniors Elect Paris
To Board of Finance

Constandino Paris. '41, was elected
Senior Class Representative to the
Finance Board last Wednesday. He
was elected in revotes over Harold
Duffey, '41, 30 votes to 21.

The results of the original voting
on Monday gave the following num—
ber of ballots to the candidates, all
seniors: Lloyd Clum. 1; Harold Duf-
fcy, 22; Carol Knlifcn, 9; Constan-
dlno Paris. 32; and Robert Patton, 7.

* Eli-vied.

United States Follows
Roosevel

How much was the United States
on the ball, anyway? How close did
the country come to the State Col-
lege election prediction? Well, they
didn‘t do badly at all.

In the October 18 issue of the
SrA'rc COLLEGE News, the report on
the News-conducted straw vote ap-
peared. That report told the students
of the college that. by their vote,
they had chosen Wendell L. Willkie
president by a narrow margin. The
News analyzed the election results,
and drawing its conclusions on the
basis of college straw votes all the
way back to 1924, made a predic-
tion as to the outcome of the elec-
tion which was held last Tuesday.
The News predicted that Roose-
velt would be re-elected president,
and that he would win with a plur-
ality of about 8,000,000 votes.

It is a well known fact by now
that Franklin Delano Roosevelt was
re-elected president. He won by
about 5,000,000 votes.

It would seem that the News was
a little over-enthusiastic in its pre-
dictions, although generally correct.
A week ago, the News made an-
other predictlon. At the top of the
first column of the editorial page.
there appeared a cryptograin which
contained predictions for both the
national and state elections. That

pletely on the editorial page today,
was eminently correct. It predicted
that Mead would be elected by a
plurality of 400,358 votes. At the
time of this writing, Mead is lead-
ing by 445,000 votes. The crypto-
gram predicted that Roosevelt would
be elected with 400 electoral votes
to his credit. He won by 468 votes.
The prediction was made that the

cryptogram, which is explained com- .

Revotes -- Wednesday, November 6

 

President MAA Representative
mum”. 35 pom,“ 82 Scllulzc‘ 10‘ Slim-maker 02
WAA ltcprcm-niaiiro
Treasurer Domann‘ SF» li‘l‘f'y 70
('onibs‘ 80 lit-Graih ~15 (‘lu-crlt-arler
Cupcl lid lianlham‘ llid Frederick full
I '4
Revotes "Joday,
Secretary Hoaglcailt-r
lmsurdo llnrun Souiilwlrk Snyder

’l‘ownscnd

College;
t, Mead Win Election

’president would win 35 states. He
won 39.

The United States electorate was
rather nice about following the lead
outlined for it by the prognostica-
tions of the STATE COLLEGE News.

There is another part to this
story. On Election Day, the eighth
grade of the Milne School Social
Studies classes conducted a straw
vote. The students of the Milne
School indicated their choices in the
election. They were quite wrong.

The students who voted that day
gave Willkie 252 votes to Roosevelt’s
103. They elected Barton over Mead,
248 to 106. Milne didn’t do as well
as it might have.

The STATE COLLEGE News did much
better.

:Newman Club Plans
Fall [Pumpkin Duster’

The annual Harvest Dance spon-
sored by Newman Club will be held
next Friday, November 15. in the
commons from nine to twelve.

According to Enes Novelll, '41,
general chairman of the “Pumpkin
Duster”, there will be music by Bill
Grattan and his orchestra. There
will be square dancing and Virginia
'reels as well as swing.

Miss Novelll also revealed the
names of the chairmen of the com-
mittees: Robert Leonard, '43, decor-
ations; Betty Barden, ’43, chaper-
ones; Rita Ferraro, ’43. tickets;
Jack Gardephe. '41. publicity.

Tickets may be purchased at the
Newman Club table for fifty cents
la couple.

 

 

l

 

 

 

4

Sponsored by the Forum of Poli-
tics. the poll taken two weeks ago in
Assembly has brought forth the fact
that State College students~mcn
and women—are overwhelmingly for
conscription and against war. The
poll. which was taken by a commit-
tee under the chairmanship of Alice

 

The election was held to fill the vu- ,
cancy created by the rcslgnullon of:
Ralph Clark, '41. .‘

 

Armislirv' Day Ifm'oss

Miss Elizabeth Van Deliburgh.
Registrar, announces that the
college will be officially closed on
Monday, November 11, in accord-
ance with the nation-wide ob;-
servauce of Armistlcs Day. The
library will be closed.

 

,opposcd to United States entry into

Abclovc, '41, was answered by more
than half a thousand students.

The conclusion drawn from the
rcsults of the poll is that the ma-
jority of the students at State are

the present war. This conclusion is
borne out by the fact that 342 stu-
dents stated that they did not up-
prOVc of America’s entering any
war, almost three times the number
of students who sanction entrance
for various reasons. The college also
indicated a very strong tendency for
hemispheric defense.

Forum Poll Reveals State
Pro-Conscription, Anti-War

> *__A____4_, , ..._,1.—_. ._ .c_..,._.,

The question. “When should we
go to war?" produced a wide variety
of answers. One—third of those vot.
ing answered, "In two years," while
a slightly smaller number thought
that we should enter the war only ii
We were attacked or invaded. The
rest of the votes cast on this ques-
tion varied from “Immediately” to
"Never." It is interesting to note,
that of the 143 students who voted
for the United States to enter the
war, eighty-six were women, and
only fifty-seven wore men.

The question relating to conscrip-
tion revealed that State's attitude’
toward the war has not been chang-
ed by the draft act; that conscrip-
tion is not thought of as bringing
the war closer; that conscription is
favored as a United States policy;
and that it is preferred to com-

 

 

 

pulsory military training.

 

It. E. BELTON—Negro lecturer
who will address the assembly
today. Mr. Belton will discuss
Negro literature, folklore, and
splrituals. He also will sing a few
splrituais.

The annual report of the Student
Employment Bureau of State Col-
lege, released this week exclusively
to the STATE COLLEGE News by the
director of the bureau, Paul G.
Bulger, disclosed the fact that only
76 members of the class of 1940 were
placed in teaching positions. This
figure represents 33% of those in the
class who were seeking positions. The
report covered the placements of the
Bureau during the fiscal year from
giiaober l, 1939 to September 30,

The Employment Bureau succeed-

 

State initiates

Lenora Davis Heads Project;

First Cargo to Reiugess
To Embark Dec. 1

Under the sponsorship of Sara
DeLaney, Dean of Students. and
with the approval of President
Sayles. a State College Red Cross
unit is being formed. Lenora Davis.
‘43, is chairman of the project. The
unit's work embraces a four-point
program: knitting, sewing, first aid
instruction, and organization work.
Tentative plans indicate that a
special room will be opened for stu-
dents wishing to work at school.
Supplies will be furnished and fin-
ished work collected. The Red Cross
will send the materials collected,
mufflers, scarfs, socks, sweaters,
and other items, to countries where
they are needed. Thus State students
will aid refugees in China, Europe,
and other lands.

The program will go into action
as soon as possible. It is sched-
uled to last at least this year. Inter-
ested students will receive instruc-
tion and help complete projects.
Student teachers will instruct in
knitting and sewing, and a qualified
instructor will give the Red Cross
first aid course.

Assisting Miss Davis are: Marion
Duffy, ’42, chairman of the commut-
ers committee; Tom Feeney, ’43,
chairman of the men's committee:
and But-nice Duel], '42, chairman of
the group houses committee. It is
hoped that material from State will
be ready to sail for Europe on a ship
leaving December 1.

Employment Bureau
Lists New Positions

The Student Employment Bureau
announces that the following people
have obtained positions: Ellen Best.
’40 Social Studies, Math. East Spring-
field; Frances Brcen. '36, head
librarian. Bath; Anna Olsen, ‘38,
Latin, French. Savannah; Charles
Arnold. ‘30, substitute, Schenevus;
Frank Augustine. ’40, Project Globe
Supply 00., Rochester; John Cryan.
'30, Math, Science, Hancock; Lor-
etta Buckley, '36, Library, Kings

 

Ferry; Helen Cashman, ’40, substi-
tute. Altamont; Ida May Hacker,
’40. Commerce, Altamout; John
Crldland, ’41. Coaching. Albany; An-
thony Canaie, '41. French, Spanish.
History, Dover, Delaware.

The bureau has compiled a list of

ed in placing 288 people in teaching
positions during the past year, an-
nounced Bulger. The number of
teachers with previous experience

placed were without any teaching
experience, 104 of them having
either graduated or received their
masters degrees from State last
June. The other 74 who were placed
are people who had graduated in
past years. but who had not been
placed in any teaching position since
their graduation.

Salaries Stated

The report dealt in part with the
salaries received by the teachers
placed. Wages received by beginning
teachers varied from $920 to $1,500.
The average salary received by men
and women who were teaching for
the first time was $1,202.50. The
average salary paid to experienced
teachers who were placed by the
Bureau was somewhat higher,
$1,414.30. In its placement work, the
Bureau served to saVe the teachers
who were placed a total of $18,480.90.
This is the amount that would have
been collected by commercial agen-
cies in fees for placing teachers in
the same positions that were filled
by the Bureau.

Bureau Record Good

Comparison with the records of
the employment agencies of other
teacher-training schools throughout
the state shows that the State Col-
lege Bureau has a remarkably good
record. State graduates who are
seeking positions must compete with
the graduates of 71 other teacher-
training institutions in the state. In
placing a total of 288 teachers—-
graduates of several years back in-
cluded—the Employment Bureau has
nitactic one of the best records in the
S a a.

At the same time it is apparent
that the ratio of teacher placements
to the number of graduates available
is a very poor one. The reason for
,liils lies not in the Bureau, but in
Him fact that the teaching field is
i now.‘ and has been for several years,
I overcrowded.
"l‘cacher Demand Decreases

The demand for teachers in New
York State is decreasing. From 1938
to 1039, the demand for teachers in
the state decreased 30%. Although
this decrease in teaching positions
was evidenced. there has been no
large decrease in the number of
students who are being graduated
from teacher-training institutions.

Although there was not a suffi-

' . who were put in new positions was
e   110. The remaining 1'18 who were

 

,cient demand for new teachers to

provide an opportunity to employ
more than 76 of the graduates last
June. the Bureau was extreme-
ly active during the year, receiving
585 calls for teachers and making
1655 recommendations to fill those
calls. 01’ the calls received, 51% of

 

books which it recommends to all
those seeking positions.

the positions were filled by people
recommended by the Bureau.

 

 

