 

 

 

 

Page 2' I. .

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FEBRUARY 16, 1940

 

3 STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established by the Class of 1918
Member

Dssocialed Colleoiale Press

Distributor of

Colleoiaie Dioest

'l‘he umiorgrmlunle Newspaper of New York State College
for Teachers

Published every Friday of the college your by the News

llourd representing the Student Association
Telephones: ()l'l‘ice. 5-0373; llowc. 2-4314; Kowuisky. 2-1213;
Young, 5-10.11}; ('lnhrlel, 3-0538

Entered (in .sr'coutl class matter in the Albany, N. Y.

poo/office

HE’REEENVED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING "I
National Advertising Servrce, Inc.
College Publisher: Representative

420 MADISON AVE. New YORK. N. Y.
cmcroo - 80510! - Lo: Aunts - sun Funcrsco

THE NEWS BOARD
Ono J. Hown  '  Editor-in-Chief
LEONARD E. KOWALSKY Co-Editor-in-Chief
SALLY E. YOUNG  Managing Editor
BEATRICE Downn Associate Editor
STEPHEN KUSAK . .. Associate Editor
JOHN MURRAY  . Associate Editor
SAUL GnnENWALn ..... .. News Editor
BETTY CLARK  .... .. Sports Editor
MARY GAnnnn.  Business Manager
KENNETH: HASER  .. Advertising Manager

THE NEWS STAFF

JUNIOR SPORTS STAFF
James Maloney Robert Patton
JUNIOR BUSINESS STAFF
Ralph Clark, Beth Donahue, Miriam Newell, Evelyn
Ollvet, Betty Parrott.

ISSUE EDITORS

Stephen ' Kusak
Beatrice Dower
John Murray

 

 

Experiment of Spencer

Are you starving to death? Men of State, and
particularly you now living (or existing) in private
homes, is there something about your present place
of residence that you find unsatisfactory? Are you
located too far from the college? Do'you feel that
you are missing that undefinablc something gained
'from living with others in group houses? And last-
ly, are you enduring your present conditions
mainly for financial reasons?

Then from, my friends, is the answer to your
problem. A group of aspiring students anxious to
set up a plan of living which will feature highly
desirable residential conditions at a minimum ex-
pens'e, are now making preparation for converting
Spencer ball into a men’s cooperative house. The
scheme will function somewhat in the manner of
that now in use by College house. About twenty
tel-lows, guided by a student house manager of their
own selection, will run the entire establishment
through a system of sharing all work, and thus
intend to cut board and room costs to the minimum.

The suggested plan will be tried out this year,
beginning April 1 by the men now living in Spencer
hail. However, the enrollment for next year does
not yet fill the quota, and there are still several
vacancies waiting for the first State men smart
enough to take advantage of the opportunity. For
the successful Operation of the project, about
twelve of the residents in the house should be upper-
claSSmcn. As yet only eight students have signified
their intention of living in the new cooperative
establishment; before further plans are made, about
four others must join up.

So here’s your chance. If you feel there is
Something lacking somewhere in your present plan:
of abode, why not trade it for a share in the new
Spencer cooperative house? The roomy, three-story
building itself offch many advantages. It is near
the School, the park, and what’s more, the majority
of State's sorority houses. The rooms are not
divided “dorm style,” and the largest number of
students in any room is three,

(Joe of the most valuable lessons in living with
others is learning the meaning of the Word coopera-
liou. That is the basic idea behind the Spencer
hall cooperative movement, and we’re behind it
100%. So how about contacting one of the Spencer
hall boys and signing up for one of those empty
berths for next year? It’s worth thinking over,
isn’t it?

 

 

 

 

“We ’llHiss ’41,...”

Commentstater

It is not in customary tribute that. I choose to speak
of the day at hand. The festivities have already de-
rived their measure of salutations from those who de-
light. in magnifying such brief moments. Thus,
another Junior Weekend is being distorted, and a
class, once strong in its own right, is content to revel
in idle flattery. Music and maestros, however, soon
ﬂicker from our memory; queens strut by in sicken-
ing procession from the ballot box to the ballroom;
and class after class moves forward, fiercely upholding

 

of tradition. Now with another Junior Prom toppling
upon us, we are again scurrying to oracles hoping to
hear tales of grandeur. I, for one, am more inter-
ested in what we didn't do.

The past two and a half years has seen a lot of
things that didn't happen. We didn’t, for instance.
solve the voting difficulty. We still tramp all the

, way down to the Commons, the few of us
Chaim? who care at all, to put our stamp of ap-
Voting proval or disapproval on the candidates.
system We still aren't sure who should vote, why

he should vote, and if he should, how he
is going to be guaranteed his privilege. Let’s pass
this and tackle the next. -

Our junior celebration still finds us harnessed by
a hybrid system of electing representatives to MAA
and WAA. The women help elect the men and vice
versa, all of which may help to bring out the mother
instinct in MAA. I wonder.

Then, there is something else with which our class
is not wholly in sympathy; the idea that certain frat:-
ernlties and sororities, often known as political groups,
should have free rein in handling specific activities.
Our rival, the Statesman, has voluntarily inserted in
its constitution the stipulation that not more than
one—third of the board members shall belong to the
same fraternity or sorority. For some reason or an-
other, there hasn't been much done with that idea.

Last, but not least, I might remind you that the
present student. council is composed entirely of men,
men whom We have every reason to believe worthy
of their positions. Shouldn't there be a. provision

somewhere or other that assures our min-
Female ority of women (66 2/390) of at least a
Minority position or two in that august body?
Problem What is undesirable about having two

men and two women elected at large from
the student body each year? That idea seems water-
proof. Perhaps the vice-presidents could be repre-
sented; under what have come to be considered nor-
mal conditions, that would practically guarantee fe—
male participation. Oh, yes, there has been no men-
tion made of the point system, but never fear; there
won't be. Like the poor, that is one problem that is
always with us, so why introduce a member of the
family?

Perhaps there is one fallacy in all these arguments:
the idea that the Juniors didn't do anything about
them. There were several other people who didn’t
react either, but after all it is Junior Weekend, so
why not give the Juniors the credit?

The Critic A

To how many people in this college—even in this
community—has “Carl Sandburg" been only a name?
Today, to approximately fourteen hundred of those
persons, Carl Sandburg is a. real, living personality;
an ordinary man with a touch of the immortal.

Mr. Sandburg‘s discussion of the great misunder-
standing of Lincoln’s motives and actions led easily
into his remarks on the present troubled times. He

manged somehow, either by the modula-
Sandbu,‘ tlons of his voice or his warmth toward
mm his subject, to convey to the audience
was the "feel" of Lincoln—of the way the
“"001” president might have spoken to a simi-
lar group. The ever-recurring idea in
this talk may perhaps best be summarized by a
statement of Lincoln’s Mr. Sandburg quoted: "In
times like the present, men should utter nothing for
which they are not willing to shoulder responsibility
through time and eternity." In transferring the
application of this theme to today’s dilemmas, he
said, “This is a. free country, with freedom of op-
portunity denied to millions." He concluded by as-
suring his audience that ho was "speaking the con-
fessions of a troubled American citizen asking ques—
tions, rather than assuming to tell what way to
go.”

Before reading a selection of his own poetry,
Sandburg expressed the wide variance in the ap-
preciation of literature by a few apt phrases. “One

man's moot in another man's poison; one
'l'hl‘w man's lettuce la anothor'a poison ivy."
Linc He jlbcd gently at the numerous requests
Novel he receives from people who “don't un-
derstand" his poetry. After reading his
short. poem, Sou. Ghost, he said, “There's a whole
novel in three lines. You can make anything you
want out of ltw-u novel, u novelette, a. short story,
anything! And some people don’t understand it!”

Although Sandburg claimed that he brought hiu
guitar because "there are some things that are easier
to do than to do otherwise," to many bio ballad sing-
ing was the most enjoyable portion of thc accruineg
brlcf program. His intimate air when introducing
each ballad was as effective as his singing.

At the completion of the program Sandburg uuto-
graphed copies of his own works. However, he made
one exception, when he autographed a pamphlet
called “’l'hc Lincoln of Carl Sandburg. He wrote
on the last page, upside down, because, He said,
“This book calls me a great historian. In twenty
years I may be all wrong."

the errors of its predecessors in an unexplained burst italegmphw valentmes‘ JUSt flow-

 

Clhr Biplnmai

Pardon us, but between Valen-

 

Communications

 

tine's day just gone by and Junior
Weekend, were all in a dither.
Looks like spring has come early to
State.

Why, look now, "Schoolboy"
Smith (Stanley Russell to you) could
get all thrilled over Just a dance
date. Tom Meehan's looking well,
too, don’t you think?

Bucci doesn’t mind the weather,
either, riding those Cohoes buses.
It isn’t as it mike seem, either.

All the boys received the loveliest

 

ering romances. . .

By the way, wasn’t Sandburg
marvelous? Murray thought enough
of him to get. reservod seats for his
party of six Juniors. You might
ask Karpen if he saw the pooh—yes,
we know he was in the first row.

Prom Notes:-

We hear that. the handsome (man
of profile) Charlie Quinn will be at
Prom. Whom did you Hoch,
Charlie?

And we haven't heard from that
other handsome man Kluge is tak-
ing. All he has to do is smile. they
say. We have it on unimpeachable.
authority that he was selected as
the Perl most handsome man.

Other Items:-

By the way, girls, have you seen
those new Sigma Lambda pins?
Don‘t rush—Agile still has his, and
you can keep after the thin man ofl
baloney fame. He’s getting his.
soon. 

We hear that Walrath hasn’t made ‘
any progress since the sixth gradei
That's not; giving credit for your
Laurals, Mike.

What does Groll think about The;
Man Who Comes Around? We don’t I.
mean to Harp on it.

Milly seems to have a great deal

 

 

To the Editor:

It was with surprise that I read
the ill-advised editorial concern-
ing “Hell Week” activities which ap-
peared in last; week’s issue of the
News. Contrary to the opinion ex-
pressed, it is my firm conviction
that the great mass of State col-

‘lege students derive a vast amount

of pleasure from the wholesome
antics of the fraternity and soror-
ity pledges.

While I realize that “Hell Week"
activities interrupt to a small de-
gree the regular college routine,
I feel that the traditional enjoy-
ment resulting, more than compen-
sates for the slight inconvenience.
Concerning the faculty, I am sure
that a complaint on their part to
either Interfraternity council or
the offending fraternity will bring
prompt and respectful remedy to
any abuse of privilege. Our own
Professor Risley often emphasized
the value of hazing pledges for the
reason that it imparted to the so-
called “neophytes” and appreciation
of the value of fraternity life to
which they aspired.

Must the enjoyment of the ma-
Jority of the students of this insti-
tution be suppressed in accordance
with the unfortunate. possibly self-
centered, idealism of a few stu—
dents? This is a college, not a
seminary! Here’s for a bigger and
better “Hell Weekl”

Dennis J. Hannah.

To the Editor:

Either Bob Agne uttered a master-
lpiece of overstatement when he re-
imarked that only 5% of the students

of attention Schoen he}. these days. read the S'rA'rn COLLEGE News or he

 

Noonan—Do things look Rosey for
you from now on?

Things We're Happy About:-

Thc return of the Glamour Boy of
'39—Strattner; the improvement of
Mac’s indigestion; J. Quinn’s deci-
sion to go to Prom; Pris and Bob’s
autographing Cupid; Jenny’s valen-
tine: Haller’s taking Duff to Prom;
Roy Eldridge; the chaperones; the
Prom Queens (All 5i—the PROM.

Things to Wonder About:-

How quickly the grads got. ac-
quainted, Bob and Dot, Tom and
Ann, Fran and Bob. . . .

Whom the bewitching Miss Keeler
with the bewitching eyebrOWS has
bewitched now.

What heart Miss Trowbridge has
broken now.

If Denny means it.

What Murray will do next year;
what next year will do to you.

Why Mr. Rector never gets tired
checking up.

How Grafton felt when that
freshman girl out in when he was
dancing with a Junior—how does she
feel?—Good, we hope.

Why the Chi Sig girls need such
a warm house.

If Confucius ever said anything
worth repeating . . . if Confucius
ever said: “When one reach the tail'
of tale, that is the end." i

i

 

 

 

is correct—we have got a democracy
here at State college.

We have a democracy because
people take everything for granted.
and not until something arises
which threatens and endangers
their own personal welfare—do they
act.

Last week, you, Otto, wrote an
editorial entitled “$85.00 for Noise"
in which you appealed to the stu-
dent body to stop wasting money
and appropriate enough money to
"actually establish a vlc system that;

has enough volume to be heard in

the Commons." What action has
been taken?

Has anything been done to remedy
the sound of the victrola which
sounds more like an original Edison
phonograph? No.

The committee said it could be
done for $85.00. Their report was
made after weeks of research . . .
supposedly. Where did they do
their research—in the December is-
sue of Esquire or The Collected
Works of Henry James?"

The damage is done now. Will
the committee do a little more re-
search and find out how much more
money it will take to fix up the
public address system (H?) so that
it; won't sound quite so foul.

Sensitive.

THE WEEKLY BULHETTN—m

This bulletin will be the medium

[or all announcements 0/ on official

nature. Students and faculty are requested to look to the bulletin for
information. Notices for the bulletin must be in the NEWS mailbox

not later than 5:00 o'clock on the We

———~———— s
Student Employment Bureau '
The third meeting of the seriesI
will be conducted on Thursday, Feb- l
ruary 22. at 4:30 o'clock in room 20‘
on the. topic “Personal Appearance!
and Personal Interviewing.” Grad-
uates and seniors are invited to ot-l
tend. ‘
Those who hch not. filled out.
their schedule cards will please do
so. Cords may be found in room
121A.
PAUL BULGER, Secretory.
Port-Time Employment
The Part-Time Employment Bu-I
reau requests that those students
who are going to need part—time!
employment during the second so-‘
mentor and who are not. ulrcudyi
placed, please make their speciali
needs known to the bureau as soonr
as possible and fill out the ﬂ])DilCa-l
tion blanks.
EDGAR A. PERRETZ,
MARY JANE MacNAMARA,
- Directors.

French Club
The French club will meet; Wed—
nooday. February 21, in the Lounge
of Richardson hall at; 7:30 o’clock.
MILDRED BELDEN.
President,

 

ducoduy of each publication week.

Social Calendar

February Ill—Assembly talk by Dr.
John M, Sayles, auditorium 01'
Page hall, ll :10 o'clock.
Basketball game. Freshmen vs.
Delhi. State college vs. Vermont,
in gymnasium of Page hall at
7:15 o'clock.
Junior Prom, Aurnnlu club, 10:00
o’clock.

February l7—-~.lunlor club‘s luncheon,
at Jack's restaurant, 12:00 o'clock.
Junior Tea Dance, Ingic room of
Alumni ltcaldenco halls, 2:30
o'clock,

li‘cbrum'y 20 ’- Ii‘rosh commission
meeting in ixulugc 01“ Richardson
hull at 3:30 o'clock.

February 21-»Henlor class meeting,
room 20, 12:00 o'clook.
Marriage commission meeting.
Lounge of Richardson hall at. 3:30
o'clock.
Meeting of the French club in
the Lounge of Richardson hall at
7:30 o’clock.

February 22~stoto college broadcast
at 4:30 o’clock.

 

Beatrice Dower-

 

Lona Powell

Alma. Knowles

QUEEN

 

Miriam Nowell

Madeleine ﬂow

A N D l D AT 

 

'wﬁ'C'IC-Q unﬁt-cu‘u—u—n—

 

