' ‘ "‘mmwcwwsmrnw—u ...,. W.

 

«one-»

‘\ .-. .A.._~..

WV

r

 

 

rites s

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 7, I969

 

  

THE. \

ASP L I

TS

State Boaters Hoot
Plattshurg Sat.

 

 

 

Sports Hastin

In yesterday’s edition Dfthe Albany Times Union, columnist Mel
Durslag put forth the theory that unless college coaches change with
the times (by this he meant discounting of the “iron hand rule" as a
way of coaching!) students would not continue to participate in
varsity athletics. He stated that at the present, many men play college
ball for the reason that they aspi: i to go on to the pros. Durslag used
as an example, Milwawkee Buck rookie Lew Alcindor, saying thathad
the latter been a 5’1 1" slow backcourtman (having no chance to make
it in the pros) probably would not have withstood the Los Angeles
atmosphere or his coach, neither of which be worshipped. He meant
that manyballplayers, unless they can see personal material gain
coating from their participation, will no longer be motivated (or more
still, force themselves to be motivated) by the old “‘won one for State
U." slogan.

Indeed, Mr. Durslag may be correct in his warning but his conlumn
brings something else to mink... just how many of us will play a sport
simply because we “love the game?“ This does not include those of us
who go out to play touch football on a Saturday afternoon. Of
course, we do this because wewumto, because we do “love” to play.
but this question deals with those who, in fact. have the ability to
play the sport well enough to get paid for it.

Obviously, there is the main premise of earning a living. If a man
ﬁnds that playing a particular sport is what he does and likes best and
hence makes the decision to become a professional athelcte, in
essence, he is doing the same thing as a student who decides to go to
Medical School because he is most atuned to the biological sciences.
There are those, however, who can, do other thing, well enough “to
get paid for it" anyway. And still, they continue to play the sport
through some outlet.

Firstly, there is the phenomenon of the student athlete. Due to the
“football factory" approach to athletics at many universities where
practices, travel and games leave little if any time for study, this
creature is quite rare. This man (i.e. Bill Bradley, a Rhodes Scholar
and Al Brenner. 3.78 pro-law at Michigan State) has entered
professional sports obviously because he does, indeed, “love the,
game." He surely is not indulging solely for monetary gain, for his
other attributes would undoubtedly earn him all the material success
that he could possibly desire.

Secondly, there is the specitncn known as the “minor league
professional athlete.” This is the man who practices or plays games 3
or 4 mights out of the week and earns anywhere from fifty to $200 a
game for his services. It is obvious that if he has a family. he cannot
possible support himself on this. These men have other jobs which pay
very will - in other words, it is not worth their while to play solely for
the money.

A third and probably the most amazing instance is the track and
ﬁeld athlete. He must stay in condition year round tocompcte on a
reasonable level. He is probably the closest to being the true amateur.
The time he devotes to practice (a great deal) and travel is rewarded
only by a handshake and a trophy if he wins. He cannot turn to the
pros — there are no professional track and ﬁeld leagues. Do not
misunderstand. Other amateur athletes may be as dedicated as he but
they all can look forward to possible getting paid for their ability ~ he
cannot.

Unquestionably, there are. those who play just for the “love of the
game." They are not just the three exatnplescited. There deﬁnitely are
those professionals who play because this is what they like to do best.
But by the same right, there are also those who play only for the
money...

It would be impractical to estimate how many would continue to
play if they weren't getting paid we could never get an answer. You
just begin to wonder though when a man retires when the
management will not meet his salary demands. It seems, in conclusion,
that the idea of sport has hecotne commercialized. It is a business, a
way of earning a living. Wide World ofSports describes the “quest for
competition, the thrill of victory, the agony of defeat." Are they
being too idealistic? Do these words still apply? I’m not quite sure.

SPORT SHORTS

There will be a meeting of all Team entry forms for Intramural
basketball ofﬁcials on Thursday, Basketball are due in the
November l3 at 3:30 pm. in 125 Intramural Ofﬁce (PE 134) on
of the Physical Education Center. Wednesday. November 12.

This meeting is for NEW and

“rum”! omcmls- There will be a Captains' Meeting
An Intramural Basketball for a League II] bowling
Captains' Meeting is scheduled for cornpclion on Monday, November
Friday,November 14in room 125 l0 at 3 30 pm. in I25 of the
of the Physical Education Center. Physical Education! Center. This is
League I will meet at l:l5 p.rn., a new league and will be
League II will meet at 2:00 p.m., handicap league. consisting of
“"d League I“ WI“ "10011113100 four men teams. I‘m more
P-m- information contact Ilarold Bell
Gyms A and B of the Physical ul45745l3.

 

 

 

Harriers Rip LeMoyne
Finish Season 9-4

by Robert Familant

The Albany State Cross-

Country team completed its
eighth consecutive winning season

Tuesday with a 27-32 win over '

leMoyne. The Great Danes are
yet to have a losing season.

Dennis Hackett again ﬁnished
ﬁrst, his time was 28:46 for the
5.l5 mile course. The next four
Albany runners were, Pat Gepfert,
ﬁfth, Tom Mills, sextli, Paul
Holmes, seventh, and
OrvilleEacker eithth. Pat Gepfert
was awarded “Runner of the Meet
Honors" for his line performance
despite a bad cold which has been
bothering him for some time.

Coach Bob Munsay stressed the
fact that it was “hard work and
determination,“ which brought
the team this far against a very
tough schedule.

Congratulations go out to Tom
Mills, Larry Franks, and Joe
lngrassia who ran their ﬁnal race
for State on Tuesday. There
individual careers as State mnners
leave them much to be proud of.

Looking ahead to next year,
Coach Munscy sees an even
stronger team with the addition of
this years freshman and some
transfer students to next years
squad.

REMINDER

The James A. Warden Scholarship
is offered to any male
undergraduate who meets the
following criteria.

l. An able scholar

2. Interest and participation in
athletics (Need not be varsity
sports)

3. Sincere in his relations with
others.

4. Abch criteria being equal,
need will decide.

Applicants should contact Mrs.
Blodgctt, Mr. Garcia, Mr.
llathaway or Mr. ananna.

pmm?
scuonsnc
Fittlllitltt
suntan
soda
continua

GAHIULPRESS
PMNTERS

308 Central Ave. Albany
Telephone HE 4-9703

 

 

 

 

Saturday, November 8 until l:00
p.m. because of needed dresslging
facilities for the scheduled
Intcrsectional Cross- Country
Meet. Gym C will be available for
recreational rise.

VESTS
Suede leather Buckskin
All styles under $20.00
Call Gary 482-2894

Education Center will be closed
thoywp/u/

 

 

Campus Center
7m»

 

 

 

 

 

THE WORD
is now accepting material
Please leave contributions at the

70m

Information Desk

ﬂu

 

 

 

      

  

 n. n

COACH MUNSEY's Contingent closed the season Tuesday with
a 27-32 victory over LeMoyne

33 WHAT?

---rosenberg

with trained
people in

A t into when,

0 group leaders,

2: the University can interact with one
another, in a positive manner. (This

'0 will not be a coffee hour.)

Tl‘.

9.

it

\

(D H L

a H o

('1 U

.4 :7: c

o o

c >m

H

22 1.2 t':

W F. :1

:3 o e

if U) [L

r U) VJ

. can

I N 

l

|

l

|

|

l

PooEle— Univsr—
city Community
Htodonts,Facul—
ty,30crotarien,
Guards, Deans,
Administrators

WHERE?

 

WHY?

Moon so we havv
u proilem. ho—
causo everyone
in the Univer—
sity Community
has asked-- do—
mnnded —— that
people listen,
talk, interact,
in order that
learning be vi—
tal, viable and
relevant.

 

  

 

 

Clip this Coupon]
Buy 2 - Get I Free!

(With this Coupon)
Hillier

Mike’s Giant Submarine Sandwich

Neba Roast Beef Sandwich

Good only at:
1573 Westem Ave. Offer (3pr "0 5
Cor. Colvin and Central Ave.
40-42 Central Ave. Nov' 24

Open 7 Days A Wer.

 

 

 

 

I? Vim 1, I969

I'YI’ICAL SUNY

Dem

  

ﬁr; ;..
ALBANY

---potsk owski

party revision

called for by Bode

by Ken Deane

In a period of manifest political
reorientation and alienation it is
of the utmost importance to
determine if and how the nation’s
two major political parties will
adapt themselves to the urgent
need for reform in the political
process. For, the consequences of
their actions will determine our
future as a free and independent
nation. This vital question was the
subject of a lecture presented
here, by Dr. Kenneth Bode, a
professor of political science at
Essex University in England, on
Wednesday, November 6. The
lecture was entitled “The
Reorganization of the Democratic
Party" and was sponsored by the
Graduate School of Public Affairs.

Dr. Bode is presently serving as
Director of Research for the
McGoven Commission, which was
created out of the general chaos
of the 1968 Democratic National
Convention, to reform the
selection process of convention
delegates. D: Bode’s discussion
centered on the committee's
efforts in working to modernize
and transform the Democratic
National Convention into a viable
and responsive political structure.
In which the general party
membership will have access to all
of the party’s nominative and
decision making positions. Dr.

Bode believes that the present
nominating system has failed to
conform to the ideal function of a
convention, in that it does not
truly test party leadership and
thus it is not an effective way to
nominate a president. The
committee has therefore drawn up
a set of standards for the
nominating of party delegates and
has attempted to eliminate those
practices which preclude and
dilute the effective efforts of
those who want to participate in
the party and in the nominating
process. One of the most
significant reforms which the
commission has proposed is that
which allows 18 year olds to fully
participate in party counsels and
as full voting delegates to the
National Convention.

Dr. Bode emphatically asserted
that it is imperative for both
political parties to immediately
institute reforms, if those
alienated individuals, particularly
the young and the blacks, who no
longer see the system as being
responsive to their needs, are to
ﬁnd a place in our society. And if
reform is not forthcoming or not
truly effective, it can be foreseen
that these same individuals may
ultimately destroy the system in
order to institute one which will
heed their demands.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

- not 7‘  ‘

 

 

VOODOO

 

visitation

by Jeffrey Albert

 

 

Last Thursday night, at 8:15 pm, a pale
pre-Halloween moon hung above the water tower,
and we were cozy in the Humanities lounge; cider
and donuts, warm, with an unusual edge to the
usual pre-Talkbuzz.

And people kept coating in — no faculty but a
tremendous lot of students — up form the chill
stone symmetries, up to hear Cathexia - sponsored
Dr. George Boguslavsky, chairman of the
Eychology department at RPI, speak on “The

ychology of Voodoo.” (THIS is the kind of
psychology worth hearing about. Who knows what
might be said, what the men might be into!) By
8220, all the cahirs were filled; by 8:30, large areas
of carpet were sprawled with worn denim and hair.

Things began well enough. A round-face, twinkly
blue-eyed little man rolled up to the rolling
greenblackboard, which was balefully clean, ready
to take on spells, strange emblems —whatever. He
spoke with a zesty Russian accent, impisth
conspiratorial ("My colleague decided to carry out
an experiment. He strangled l duck. The duck
died."), a benign little Boris Karloff. Promising...

But then the Talk Proper; and before one knew
it, one was patella-deep in sympathetic and
parasympathetic nervous systems. adrenelin and
nonadrenalin, systoles and diastoles a Journal of
Physiological Psychology (3ziizl956) - - But
voodoo? Well, yes, “voodoo.”

You see. sonc of the early researchers into
'thepsychoanatomy of fear had assumed that, whena
witch doctor gets hold of an article of your clothing
or a lock of your hair or even your forgotten nail
parings and casts a spell and points the legbone of a
boar at you, if you believe in his power over your
life and death, you become so frightened that you
have some kind of fatal heart seizure ~that is, your
fear overcharges you systems, and you (lie on the
systolic. or contracting, phase of your heartbeat.
Not true.

According to Dr. Boguslavsky, autopsies on
victims of voodoo have shown that death occurs on
the diastole, the expanded phase of the rhythm,
when the heart fills up with blood. It seems that the
vague nerve and something called the oxygen
conserw ‘ion reﬂex and the parasympathetic system
and a whole lot of other things besides cause the
body to overcompensate for intense fear (“The
body is stupid”); the heartbeat slows, the diastole is
prolonged, and the auricles and ventricles (surely,
you remember those which are supposed to keep a
rhythm of opposing systoles and diastoles, fall into
simultaneous diastole, and the heart loses its critical
inertia, and...

So after the witchdoctor points the bone at you,
and and you get wound uptight - after your
convulsion — you wander slowly off to your tent,
lie down, unwind too far, and, well— relax to death.
Which is why, sort of, that “the probability of a
corporation executive's second heart attack‘s being
fatal does not correlate with the severity of the ﬁrst
attack, but does correlate with how afraid he is of
dying." Get it?

A little more study on the physiology of fear, its
“psychological quantiﬁables," and we will not only
(of course) have voodoo licked, but, more
important, we will also have The Key for unwinding
(but not too far) our frightened Corporation
Executives!

Still, a neat enough little talk, spirited (so to

University invited to Interact

Continued from page 3

completely unfcasible to expect a
meaningful SUNY-witle plan.
However, it was agreed that the
body responsible for any action
on a particular campus should
represent a cross-section of the
academic community.

A committee, attempting to
provide a broad spectrum of
views, was set up at this
University. In a day-long
discussion, agreement was reached
only in the decision to ﬁnd some
effective manner in which to
reverse the roles of teachers and
students for a day. This would
allow professors to listen and talk
to students on a personal level.
How this was to be accomplished
was still in question.

The answer was INTERACT
Students, faculty,
secretaries-interested people-are
invited to come together. From
this encounter, hopefully some
kind of plan for renovating our
educational system will evolve.
However, it is emphasized that it
will not be a sensitivity session,

but rather a means of exploring
university thought about the
university.

Dr. Patricia Bowl, an expert in
the handling of group exchanges.
has been working with Dr.
Reisbcrg and the coordinating
committee. She will attend
INTERACT as well as several

professional "group leaders" to

s eak), even eppered with‘a few bizzare and exotic

lusions; and) a nice enough little old worldly sort
of man, successfully transplanted from Gypsyrussia
and Trans lvania to RPI and the Pavlovian Sociey of
America there really is one, and he’s a member,)
but... But afterwards, a girl was saying, “I thought
he was going to talk bout something else" (did she
know what?), and a young guy in the crush around
Dr. Boguslavsky was trying to tell the good doctor
about some sort of mediumlspirits that he actually
saw. (“I mean, really")

Really. One suspects that autopsies on all those
love-bereft maids who pined away would reveal
hearts and ovaries and uteri as pockmarked as the
moon. Sure, its fun to glaze over the wide-eyes and
the wildeyes with graphs, grids, and gradients - to
trim the hairbrains.

But—(and here my tone begins to change to the
changes I was going through on the long walk to the
parking lot, row 4) —but what do your explanations
explain? To us? I mean, the heartless ﬁourescence
of The laboratory and The Clinic is one thing—but
Fear itself is a deep and potent and immeasurable
mystery. So is belief. At the human—the felt—level,
the heart of darkness is as unquantiﬁable and,
ﬁnally, as impenetrable as “The Scarlet Letter" or
“Moby Dick" or “The Naked and the Dead” (yes).

I mean, there even seemed to be a two-cent irony
about having this thing in the “Humanities Bldg."
Labelling symbols and describing mechanics may
blunt the immediate affects of Fear, but the
ultimate condition, the effects be they pure terror
or terrible beauty, are not touched. The Beast, now
there than ever at large in this country, proves itself
in protean symptoms whereber Science has
pretended to treat a cause.

So we tum out for talks on voodoo. And we ﬁnd
the tough-minded, Scientiﬁcmethod boys in the
midst of a deadly failure of the imagination, wearing
terminological amulets, hiding behind crosses of
“null hypotheses." Could it be the Beh.-Sci.-Boys
(not the occultists) who represent a superﬁcial
“fad” in the ageold search for symbolic forrnuli of
control? Beneath every scientiﬁc “tonic,” every
lubricious rationality, there has always lurked an
unexpected, heart-stopping truth.

The real magic is the magic of open possibilities—
of imagination. What the occult-buffs may have that
the psycheprofs may not have is the ability to see
themselves as victims ., Surely, this is as much part
of the fascination with voodoo as the desire for
“magic control." To shudder at the evil of the
Great-Spider-Establishment is to recognize the
horror in a loss of imagination. Which amounts to a
loss of human sympathy.

So, “Positivist, Technocrat & Co.," you are not as
safe as you think. Or, rather (to cop sortie nail
parings from your own theoretical leavings), you are
as safe as you feel. And who feels really safe? As
long as you cannot imagine yourself victims, you are
easy prey for your own frankenstein._Already, in
the city jungles and in treehouses overlooking the
clearings where the Multiversity holds its continuous
initiation rites, covens are gathering to experiment
with expressive counterspells to keep their minds
together and their imaginations alive. To teach The
Beast his name and who his real enemies are.

And too, Good Doctor—Old Horatio—, there may
Hist yet some real witchdoctors, Naturals, as it
were, who don't need to advertize or mess with
public exhibitions for sociologists. Men so fanatic,
so purely, invincibly, ignorant, so wild,
umnethodical, and unpredictable, so unaccountany
Mad and inexplicably Sane as to scare entire
Departments of Psychology to death. On the
systole.

 

aid communication.

Those individuals attending,
nevertheless. will be responsible
for the value and form of the
chIil. INTERACT needs you.
Take sotne responsibility for your
education. INTERACT!

 

Attention

who applied to
Campus Center Governing Board

You must resubmit yourapplications next week

Pick up applications at Info desk

Freshmen

 

 

SUNDAY, NOV. 9

BALLROOM

CAMPUS CHEST

MIXER

8-1 1

50¢
sponsored by

 

 

 

 

