-“”M~‘M*AWK.~W,~MMMN «a... ,. _

wk---“

.wmssywwmygwkg
‘ Kuhn-i» AB.

 

 

 

 

 

t.
r
i

.Wwwu <

97“» 4. a.“ s.

 

‘ i T if.) H 1 fl. 5.

Abomination ‘

Assembly Speakei, Duryea named fa' special task force Wednesday

4 to draft legislation relating to campus demonstrators and riots.

.;force is composed of four Republican conservatives, namely:

 Henderson" from Stueben County, Suchin'of Dobbs, Ferry, »
' ,KcnnethBartlett of Syracuse-and Francis McCloskey of Wantaugh.

T’l‘he purpose of this special committee is to study the recently
passed. Senate bill (ASP, February 18) andpossibilities of revising it.
However, it_rnust be understood that “there is no disagreement (of
intent) between the two houses,” (Henderson)

. .On the contrary, from what we know of the members composing
the committee we can be assured of an even harsher and more
inappropriate bill than has been passed in the Senate.

Henderson has preﬁled in the Assembly two‘bills that may be
approved by this conunittee. One states that the education law-
provide for:

“Denial or revocation of scholarship, scholar incentive beneﬁt and
fellowship to person participating in violent public demonstration."

The other bill to amend the education law calls for: “Denial or
revocation of scholarship, scholar incentive beneﬁt and fellowship to
person using or possessing illegal drugs." ‘

Interestingly enough, Henderson has been chosen by Duryea as
chairman of the task force. I

Suchin‘;, another task force designee, 'is the sponsor in the
Assembly of Senator Flynn’s bill.

In other words, both of these men have already revealed their bias
for the intent of such legislation. Yet they are the very ones whose
task it is to draft legislation. Their bias will certainly blind them to

v any objective conclusions that might be reached had other, less

prejudiced members been delegated such a task.

It might also be suggested, in view of the fact that all of the task
' force members support the type of punitive legislation regarding
students, that two of the assemblymen involved be replaced by others
who are in opposition to legislative disruption of the academic
community. This would certainly be a more equitable and effective
confrontation of the issues involved in drafting legislation relating to
campus demonstrations and riots.

As it stands now, the best we can expect will be, in effect, more
speciﬁc and therefore more rigid than the original bill passed by the
Senate.

If this is the case, New York’s legislators will have brought the state
closer to what appears to be an inevitable and perhaps cataclysmic
confrontation. ~

WhyIIMYSKANIA?

The selection of 13 Juniors to MYSKANIA is a traditional event on
campus-one of the few traditions still present here. Over the past
year, we have many times pondered the purpose of this tradition.

If one examines the original aim of MYSKANIA, the reason for the
organization----and its desirability----becomes more clear.

The current rationale for MYSKANIA’S existence is that it rewards
students for a “job well done." Although it cannot be denied that this
reasoning is inextricably tied up with MYSKANIA, its role, ideally, is
far more than that.

If MYSKANIA was intended to be no more than an honorary for
the hardest working members of the student body, it would not have
been designated as an elective position in thejunior year.

By making MYSKANIA members Seniors, instead of Alumni, the
organization is transformed (in ideal terms) from an honorary, to a
body which is depended upon for direction. .

MYSKANIA's rightful place in this University structure would be
to aid in policy creation, to push for reform, to advise on problems.
The 13 most respected students on campus should provide direction
for the student body. MYSKANIA, by virtue ofits unique position as
a liason between the Administration and the students (who select and
elect them), has a power that could be unique.

Instead of being a “guardian of tradition" as our handbook tells us
MYSKANIA should be, we hope that MYSKANIA aims at being a
“guardian of reform." The challenge set forth to newly elected
MYSKANIA members is to ﬁnd the medium ground between needed
advisement and overbearing aid.

When voting takes place next week, we urge all students to vote for
those nominees who, through their dedication, experience, and
imagination, offer the greatest potential for real leadership. The true
challenge MYSKANIA faces is how to be a forward looking
organization~instead of a past leaders club. -

We hope that next week you will select those who can truly rise to
that challenge. I W

 

POLICY NOTE: The‘aim of the Albany Student Press this term is to
give correct and accurate. but incisive and descriptive, views 'of the
news. To this end, we hava instituted it Features section. which aims

. at subjective impressions along with factual reporting. We have also

given our reporters the freedom of expression of mood and
background which may be seen as “coloring the news". We do this not
to advocate any position, but rather to point out side! of issues which
might otherwise be mined.

4;.  i‘v’l M E N T.

 

Jars-ram as, 1969
. j

 

All communications must be addressed to the

 
 

editor and must be signed. Communication: on

aublect to editing.

I 0

Open Discussion
To the Editors: -

To the International Student Association and the
General Community of the State University of New
York at Albany: 1

Am Yiarale chose not to attend the panel
discussion on “In there a Difference Between a Jew
and a Zionist" held by the International Student
Association, Thursday. February 27, 1969 at 8:00
pm for the following reasons:

1. We were not. ofﬁcially invited to participate. A
three-day advance notice of the discussion was quite
less than ample time for us to make proper
preparations to contribute to a fruitful discussion.
And we resent being listed in publicity for the
discussion as a participating organization without our
consent,

2. As the International Student Association well
knows, Thursday night 8:00 pm is the regularly
prescheduled time of Am Yierael's meetings. Our
meeting of Feb. 27 had already been announced
when we heard of this panel discussion.

3. How can Am Yisrael be expected to participate
in a pane? discussion to be moderated by one so
impartial as to call Israel “an already egressive and
cancerous state."? Is not the purpose of a moderator
to be an objective party not involved in the issue?

4. Am Yisrael is willing to discuss reasonable
topics in the future in a reasonable set-up. The
absurdity of this mock “panel discussion" is quite
obvious, with three,anti-Jewish groups opposed to us.
That would not be a panel discussion, but a farce.

It is our hope that we will be challenged to discuss
openly our views with those who would care to
challenge us provided all circumstances outlined
above are sancly altered. Respectfully,

Judith Kirschner

open  lVL:’-R05t!nberg

To the Editors:

It has come to our attention that there has been
some talk regarding the present job placement
policies on campus.

We feel that the elimination of placement service
and the curtailment of job recruitment on campus
would be detrimental to the student body as a whole.
At the last meeting of our group, the motion to
maintain the present policies was presented by
Richard Burns and passed unanimously.

Therefore, the Albany State Young Republicans
urge the Faculty-Student Senate to continue the
present policies regarding job recruitment, and to
defeat any motion to eliminate these services on
campus.

Joann Earl, Secretary, Young Republicans

I U
Placement Polrcws
To the Editors:

There is a move to ban all recruiting on our
campus. This includes all educational, business, and
social welfare organizations, and all government
agencies including Peace Corps and VISTA.

The advocates of this move claim that it is an
infringement on the rights of the students to allow
recruiters such as Dow Chemical on campus because
Dow, like some other businesses, is producing a
product that is of moral controversy.

In a democratic society it. is an individual’s right to
choose where he shall work. If a SUNYA student
does not want. to work for an organization, he is not
coerced to do so.

If he wishes to work for a firm or government
office that supports some controversial issue—that is
his right.

It has long been University policy to have an
Open Campus—open to all groups. If we ban
recruiters, we are closing our campus.

University Placement in a service to students that is
important to their future. It‘s primary function is
career counseling and the Service would find it
difficult to keep abreast of the career opportunities
made available to the Service by government
officials, educators, and businessmen if recruiters are
banned.

Another function accomplished in recruiter's
visiting campus is that it helps build the reputation of
our relatively new emerging institution.

Recruiters learn much about the capabilities and
qualifications of the students while they are here.
Universities are known by what their graduates do in
their professions as well as by the excellence of
faculties and research facilities.

Finally. by having interviews on campus, students
new time and expense of traveling to offices which
are often far from the Albany area.

In summation, I ask that every student consider
his future as well as the present and then ask himself
if a'dlaeervice is being done by closing down campus
recruitment.

James R. Peattie

To the Editors,

Without Cement

I would like to bring to the attention of the public

the fact that none

of the three ads placed in the ASP

concerning the HSA and [or Am Yisraoel were
endorsed by the members (on, I should any potential

members) of the

developin g Jewish organization.

Each ad was placed in the ASP by individuals who
put forh statements concerning and coloring a group

which is not yet

formally organized. This infant

, organization has not yet chosen a chairman pre-tem,

much less an official chairman. It is presently in the
process of forming-it has not yet submitted its

co natitution to

the Community Programming

Commission, and its policies are still being decided
amongst the interested people at its "organizational"

meetings.

Prospective members of Am Yisroel (referring to
those present at the two meetins) were not consulted
or informed about the placement of the ads in the

ASP. thus they
organization, but
individuals who

are not representative of any
are the ideas of certain rash
have undemocratically choson

themselves to speak for a group without the consent
or knowledge of that group.
I hope to demonstrate that Am Yisroel is an

organization still

in the making, as yet without

ofﬁcial spokesmen, and therefore "Am Yisroel"
should not be held responsible for the statements and

advertisenetns

that

have been put forth by

unauthorized individuals who did not consult or
represetn the group for which they presumably

spoke.
I would like to

criticize the ASP for printing ads

and announcements concerning a group, without
checking whether or not the person submitting them
was authorized to do so.

I would also like to urge readers to ignore the
former connotations given to “Am Yisroel" by
unrepresentative individuals, and to allow the young,
developing organization of students to formulate

thier organization,
they react to it.

and put forth the results, before

It is very unfortunate that certain individuals
rasth and independently put forth misleading

statements about
official spokesmen.

a hypothetical group without

Who 'knowsnAm Yisroel may even turn out to be
an organization striving for racial and religious
pluralism thru Jewish education, identification and

understanding.

Ami’ Kaplan

Loudmouths

To the Editor:

What :is the function of the coffee house CII’CUII

The coffee house

circuit exists to provide a place for

all the rude, loudmouths on campus to sit and talk
through a performance!

I admit that things have improved since it was held
in the snack bar and it. competed with the jukebox.
but why have a performer at all if the audience wants

to talk?

Tobi Ben deserves a better audience than he um
esday. No performer should have to ask tln-
audience to be quietll

Carolyn Stetson

The Albany
times a week by the Student Association of the

State University

News Editor

Arts Editor
Sports Editor

rLun
-

 

 

office is located in Room 382 of the Campus
Center This newspaper is funded by S.A. Tux.

Jill R. Paznlh dz Ira J. Wolfman
Associate News Editor

Feature Editor
Technical Editors
Photography Editor
Business Manager
Advertising Manager

The Albany Student Press assumes “0

columns and communications as such expressim“
do not necessarily reﬂect its views.

of New York at. Albany. The Ab'l’

Ed itora-ln-Chief

’I‘irn Keeley

Kathy Huseman

Carol Schour

Jim Winslow

Gary Gel!

Pat O'Hern, Bill Shops-e
Stu Rlltcr

Philip Franclu’m
Daniel Faxnran

its

for ,’ ’ .— '“

trainer“ salaries -

 

 

 

 

The w... n

lls'

hanyBﬂtnlld

a "'1

 

Writing hopefully from an
objective point of view, I wish to
question the demands of the black
students of the University, ﬁrst
from a semantic standpoint, and

. secondly, from a practical one.

My first reservation is
concerned with the use of the
word "demand." I have no doubt
as to the collective desire of all
minority students on campus to
bestow to others in asimilar state
of affairs the same educational
beneﬁts one is afforded by
attending the University. And I
sincerely share with them this
desire.

However, to demand that this
goal be fulfilled is to lower oneself
to the threat of an application of
some type of force, a method of
operation which is deplorable
from the rational point of view to
which an'equalitarian organization
such as the Black Student Alliance
should be oriented.

Unfortunately, this reservation
is somewhat mufﬂed by the
apathetic society with which we
are all confronted. And my
opposition to the demands
presented by the black students
will possibly make me appear a
spokesman for that
semi-detestable social order.

That is not my wish.

It. seems that "request" has
become an unknown word, and it
is a fact that this word is all too
ineffective. So, we acclimate
ourselves to the society‘s
conditions, and we don’t request,
we demand.

And in doing so, we relegate
ourselves to the position of the
same society. Bravo! At. once, we
win and we are defeated.

Demanding that three hundred
minority group students be
admitted to the University in the
fall is not only discriminatory, but
also has overtones of belligerence
and child-like obstinance.

On the other hand, a request to
that effect illustrates the position
of the black students on the issue
of inherent minority rights, and at
the same time shows them to be a
respectable organization, lacking a
disruptive nature.

The choice is not mine; I am
not black. The question before
the black students is: should We
sacrifice principle for results? If
the answer is no, I would
encourage the black students to
reconsider their demands.

.The second point I wish to
make concerns the practicality of
the demands. It is obvious that
the demands are discriminatory
against the “fat” white

 

0
Budget Hearing
Saturday, March 1, 1969
HU 290
Commission

10:00 am for Academic Affairs
10:15 Beta Beta Beta
10:30 Biology Club
10:45 Cathexis
11:00 Cercle Francois
11:15 Geography Club
11:30 Phi Beta Lambda
11:45 Russian Club
12:00 noon Sigma Alpha Eta
12:15pm Spanish Club
12:30 SEANYS
12:45 Association for

Computing Machinery
1:30 Communications Comm
1145 Albany Student Press
2 =06 Alpha Phi Gamma
2:15 Campus Viewpoint
2130 Observation
2545 Primer
3:00 Torch
3:20 University Directory
3:30 ’I’he Word
3:45 WSUA
4:05 L’Humaniste

s o

4:15 for Religfoiiignitffiaiis
4130 Central Council

 

 

 

 

 

community. If the black students
seek reciprocity for the
discrimination they have received,
let them lend wholehearted
support to the demands.

If, however, the black students
seek a responsible .answer to
prejudice in any form, let them
oppose ANY type of racial
discrimination, be it. by black or
white.

Let them oppose our
antiquated system of independent
school districts, and advocate a
state or nationwide school system
allocating funds to school
districts, not commensurate with
the funds those systmes have paid
in taxes, but rather commensurate
with the number of children in
those districts.

Let them support more equal
forms of grammar and secondary
school education, so they won’t
be dependant upon the
benificence of universities. Let
them be accepted to the
university on academic not
charitable grounds.

And let the suburban
conservatives sweat. Formem.lheir
“fair” system of school districts
will go down the drain, and Mr.
Black will have as much a chance
of going to college as Mr. White.

Let the black man demand
equality, and I support him. I
oppose anything less. And by
deﬁnition, everything else is less
than equality.

 

I went and visited Piesldent
Collins a few weeks ago. He was
up in his captian'e cabin in the
Administration Building. (Go and
take a look at that place. Pretty
pictures, red rug, Nubian eunaehs,

all the scholastic atmosphere of.

A.T.&'I‘., very modern.) I like
President Collins. He has such a
nice grin. I always want. to ask
him what is a nice man like you
doing in a fifth-rate dive like
SUNYA. Then lalways remember
what he is doing. Oh well.

I went up there to talk about.
the Black Student Alliance
Demands as reporter for the
Albany Liberator. It was such a
nice long chat, though, that I
fugured you might be interested
in some of the things the A50
failed to mention in their articles.

I had been talking to some frat
boys and some wierd faculty
people the day before. They had
expressed concern, to my
amazement, over the BSA demand
for 300 new black students next
fall. They felt that since many
would be admitted regardless of
inferior high school performance
(some might not even hold high
school diplomas), then the
intellectual (frat term) or
academic (faculty rationale) levels
of the school might be lowered to
meet their ‘lower’ academic
abilities, and their ‘militanl.’ Black
Studies viewpoint. Wow.

I believed just about the
opposite. I felt that almost

 

anyone, regardless of color, who
performs excellently in our high
schools must be such I'M'oted
slave of the middle class wmre
collar syndrome (either corporate
or scholastic) as to be considered
a real drag on objective academic
freedoms. I felt that recruiting
anyone from outside the SUNYA
lower middle class mind would be
a fantastic service rendered to the
staid and stale atmosphere of the
place.

I know I did not come up here
from Queens to meet my
nicighbors. Hell, I came up here to
get. away from them.

Collins straightened everything
out. He deﬁned the demand as
only specifying ‘non-whites', not
‘disadvantaged non-whites'. (I love
those mass-media words of his.
They really let you know where
you stand in terms ofBourgeois
Reality.) He said that SUNYA
next term expects about 25 black
transfers, 75_ black frosh under
regular admissions policy, and
about 60 bla'ck grad students.
That interprets over half the
Demand's specifications in terms
of reasonably safe middle class
black students who should fit into
the SUNYA image without too
much hassle.

The rest. are to be recruited
from several sources, chosen by
different tests to determine who
shall be a "good bet" to
"succeed" in college life as we
know it. I am certain that those

 

 

THE REDFIAG

by Roberto DiScipio

 

 

This semester brings to the
forefront the creation of a new
organization on this campus, the
Frenle Latino (Latin Front). It is
a student alliance, which through
education and communication,
aims to organize all the Latin
cultural groups and combat the
oppressive discrimination and
exploitation of our people.

The Latins are a universal race
in that there is no Latin race. We
are fighting to preserve the Latin
cultural tradition and heritage. We
are not. fighting any other group,
except the oppressors.
Witch-hunting for anti—Latins will
not help our cause. We must
bu ild something positive, a
Pan-Latin consciousness. There is
a need for a resurgency of Latin
pride; the group that constitutes
the “Fr ante Latino" has already
demonstrated its positive attitude.
But we are concerned with the
rest of our people, the “lazy” and

“sleepy” Latinos that leave
everything for “manana.” We
must not allow ourselves nor

otchrs to create such an image of
the Latin. The odds are against us
from many sides, but before we
combat the outside influences, we
had better rid ourselves of our
“Jose Jimenez" complex. We are a
rich people by our very nature,
and we should not allow this
wealth to fade away merely
because it. is not made of dollars.

This country was founded by
Anglo-Saxon Protestants who held
ideas extremely hostile to the
Latin world. Latin immigrants
were spat upon, insulted, and
called dagos, spies, wops, greasers.
A Black Legend spread through
the land, portraying Latins as a
cruel and inferior people. Italians
in 1891 were massacred in a
program by AnglrrSaxon nativists
in New Orleans, Mexicans were
enslaved and are still subjected in
the southwest, unable to obtain
the land which has always been
rightfully theirs. In Louisiana, the
French and Spanish Creoles and

Cajuns were seized by the Anglais.
The story 'of Sacco and Vanzetti is
already well known. In 1898 the
Anglo-Saxons seized Puerto Rico,
Cuba, and the Philippines (They
said it was their duty to
“Christianize” these countries,
forgetting that they had been
Catholic long before they stepped
in). There were the numberless
invasions of Latin nations:
Nicaragua in 1912, the Dominican
Republic in 1916, Haiti and
Mexico in 1916. Teddy Roosevelt
once said, “We’ve got to teach
those Dagos to behave." There
was also the “kindly” President
Wilson, who believed in
Anglo-Saxib supremacy. It. was
Wilson who sent the "bandido"
Pershing into Mexico to pursue
the great fighter Pancho Villa. It
was he who sent. marines to
Hispaniola. and who later, with
virtually no provocation, was
responsible for the disaster in
Vera Cruz. 1914. The Latin does
not know how to govern himself,
so Wilson believed. This was
obviously implied in his
statement: “We must teach the
Latin Americans to elect good
men."

One of the main exponents of
this false image is today’s media.
“The Untouchables," “The
Brotherhood," "’l‘hc Massacre of
St. Valentine’s Day." the “Pancho
Villa" series--ull of these
contribute to the Black Legend.
There is also Frito Bandido, Josc
Jimenez, the Italian fruit peddler,
and, of course, let us not. forget.
poor Juan Valdez with his burro
and coffee beans. These figures
may be innocent enough by
themselves, but the overdose of
them has been putting us in a bad
light before millions of
Americans, many of which cannot
see nor think beyond the “tube.”
The recent revolt in June, 1967
by Hiapanos of the Southwest was
characterized by our ﬁne New
York News as "bandidos revolt in
the Southwest." After the

Hispano people of New Mexico
have been deprived of their
rightful land for almost a century,
they are called bandidos after
their revolt is put down by
American tanks.

Reform minded Archbishop
Camera of Brazil called for
brotherhood and self-help among
the Latin peoples. If we are to
take this line of thought and
action, then we must declare
ourselves against any such actions
as the bombardment by US
planes of Guatemala City in 1954.
We must not tolerate another such
invasion as that of Santo
Domingo, where 40,000 marines
were sent. to protect the helpless
“banana” country from its 55
“communists.”

Our struggle is everywhere, in
the Americas and Europe. It is a
complicated struggle. It involves
culture, but it also involves power
and politics. We are a different
people; many of our ways and
ideas are incompatible with the
Protestant ethic of this country.
We should not feel inferior
because we are Latins. We should
not deny our heritage, because if
we do, we will also be denying
part of ourselves. We Can longer
sell ourselves to the anti-Latin
culture of this country. The
colacolonization of our nations
has persisted too long with its
emphasis on crass materialism.
The Anglo-Saxon looks to the
Latin nations as a Sodom and
Gomorrah, where he can indulge
in lavish debauchery at the
expense of the Latln's dignity.
The presence of American
Rangers, Green Bereta, and other
troops in Latin American nations
is an insult. We do not need them
to “teach our people how to
behave." We ask not to be told
what we are and what we should
do; we ask to be accepted and
respected for what we already are.
We ask this as individuals, as
minority groups, and as nations.
Hasta in Victoria siemprel

varied tests will keep everything as
straight and narrow as possible. .
Then there was the question of
the veto power by blaekatudente
over faculty to be appointed to
the new Black Studies

‘ department. (This was the decond

demand.) , -
I thought this was a real gas.

Every so often when the
revolution [in my veins cools a bit
I try to ﬁgure out which reforms
might actually defeat a: little of
the system instead of merely
defeating themselves. If the

students were ever given’ control
of their own school, well
maybe...

But again Collins explained
away. He said that he disliked the
"strident language of the
Demands." However the BSA
made demands only after trying
to work their requests through
normal channels and had been
fouled up by the same. Now by
granting the demands, the
administration was proving that it
would “keep the ﬁath.” The
strident. character was no longer
necessary as a result, and we could
all once again become
‘reasonable.’

He interpreted reasonable to
mean that. while the students
would advise in faculty hirings, he
would still retain final say as agent
of the state. So: to keep the faith
(by his terms, of course), he
would ignore the spirit of the
non-negotiabe demands, and
would finish his distinguished
twenty year stint with such a nice
verbal slight of hand that it shall
be far into his successor‘s term
before anyone notices that
nothing has really changed.

Guadalajara
applications:
submit now!

A pp lications for the
Semester-Abroad program at State
University Guadalajara now are
being received by the Center for
Inter-American Studies, 145
Draper Hall.

All applications must be filed
before March 14 to be eligible for
the fall term of 1969.

The Semester-Abroad program
is open to any student of the
University who has the capacity
to pursue an academic program
conducted entirely in Spanish,
who can accept the responsibility
for individual study, and is willing
to adjust to a social and cultural
environment different from his
own.

An academic average of 3.0 in
Spanish and 2.5 overall are
considered thegencral academic
standards for acceptance into the
program.

The Guadalajara program, now
entering its third year, is for the
full semester and students register
at both the home campus and the
University of Guadalajara. By
registering at the home campus,
full advantage can be taken of

Regents‘ scholarships, NDEA
fellowships, Scholar Incentives
and other awards made to
students.

Details on the program may be
obtained by calling 4722972, or
by visiting Draper 146.

The 30 or more SUNY of
Albany students now on campus
who have participated in this
program are also available for
further information. ,Their names
and campus addresses may be
secured by contacting the Center
for lnter-Amarlcan Studies.

        

 

