 

l
l
l
l
l
l
l
t
i
!

.wMNAAA \‘ _ ._ w

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5. I969

 

   

Editorial Comment

Moratoriums

In case you’ve forgotten, in all the excitement over the lottery, the
moratoriums, and the Vice President’s witticisms, the war is still going
on.

Yes, amazing as it may sound, even after full scale moratoriums and
one mobilization, the President has not yet brought back all the
troops.

It is becoming obvious that not only can the White House ignore
mass outcries for peace—but it is going to ignore them. For so long as
Nixon and company can placate their sullen supporters with new and
enlightening speeches like the November 3 production, they will move
at the rate they see fit.

In this context, the effectiveness of more demonstrations is
questionable. Additionally, the mood of the nation does not lean
favorably towards more mass protests, and the possibility of violence
(a violence which will cripple arty effectiveness of an anti-war protest)
at these demonstrations must increase as the mood becomes more
desperate among anti-war people.

This desperation is well founded, for the government has not
reacted notably to mass outcries. However, we must now look for new
avenues of expression of anti-war sentiment. Even more iriiportaritly.
we must look for new ways we can utilize to bring pressure on the
Administration to end the war.

Less visible. but maybe tnore effective means may bring its to the
ends we truly desire.

We wish we could prescribe action which coirld be stire to lead
towards positive ends. Unfortunately. the prospects for peace have
not yet been greatly furthered through political riiearis.

But perhaps we have not given the usage of existing political
avenues the energy and dedication we have devoted to other tenets of
the antivwar movement. Perhaps we nitrst give it a more concentrated
effort.

Therefore, we hope that, in accordance with its pririic desire to end
the war the anti-war movement will direct its energies towards a
letter-writing campaign in support of anti-war proposals such as
Senator Charles Goodell’s.

It is possible that many Congressmen who have been “on the
fence"—non-committed on war policy since Johnson has left office
(this is primarily Democrats who supported Johnson out of loyalty)
may be swerved by a torrent of peace sentiment. They are. after all,
primarily elected officials, and most concerned with getting re-elected.
We have the power to affect their status. This interests them.

And so, we urge you: write your Congressman. Tell him of your
anti-war sentiments. Make your parents write him. Exert electoral
pressure-and urge your representative to support measures which aim
at a prompt end to the Asian disaster.

Communications

Funeral State

i o the Editors:

As a graduate English student of three months
here at Albany | find myself in the paradoxical
situation of being completely satisfied with my
classes and yet completely dissatisfied with the
University.

I did my undergraduate work in Calif., the plastic
ﬂower children's playground, and was constantly

   
 

EBBIE TE EEP
i‘vg “EN sooFtNG OFF .100 MW”,

THAT’s ALI- ~ I‘M FAILING Aii
MY rolJEcTsi

  

50 WHAT.
ALWAYS MAKE UP
FOR IT LATER.

 

 

t.’ WM"
_ No, min}

Ml“

    

 

COMM UNI CA TIONS

 

bombarded with “love,” although often a very
artificial kind. Even though it was sometimes
phony, people smiled in Calif—They even laughed
and said hello to each other. They went out of their
way to meet each other. Here at Albany students
shuffle from sterile building to sterile building with
a sense of doom hanging ove. them. They resemble
mobs of TIME MACHINE people destined to work
the subterranean furnaces of the Morlocks. The
friendliest people on campus cart be found in the
registrar‘s office (and to think that some of them
are over thirty shame).

I have attempted to find causes for the cirlt of the
crusty, crabbcd, grumpy, glirrii, grunt, and grim here
at Albany. The cold weather? I thought so at first.
but actually the crisp cold weather is rather
invigorating. The cariipris itself (the architecture)?
Deﬁnitely a contributing factor. No one could look
at that Buck Rogers space center and smile to much.
Constipation? The health center reports that Albany
students are close to the national riorrii in this
respect. New England lack of emotion? A
possrbility, birt how many New lingland students do
we have? Lack ofany feeling ofloyally or belonging
to SUNYA, Definitely. Who coirld really cliecr
“Let's llcilr it for good ole SUNYA?"

lint no matter how many reasons might be given,

there can be no justification of the doldrriiiis of

doom that students and teachers carry around like
briefcases.

A solution? I thought perhaps the ASP or the
Student Government could officially declare a
“Moribund Happy Day" during which each student
with an activities card will be allowed to smile at
one stranger. One stiffled laugh will also he
pentiitted. Rosy checks or ii spririgy walk will be
optional. If it works, fine. If not. we can all return

to our funerial STATE. Karl Fem“

Nickerson Thanks

An Open Letter to the Students of the
State University of New York at Albany
c/o of the ASP

Campus ('cnter

I400 Washington Avenue

Albany. New York 13203

I would like to thank the students of the Albany
student community who haVc worked so diligently
and expressed themselves so feclingly in their
t)ppt)Sl':0ll to the war.

The activities of students across the nation have
testified to the value of massive non-violent protest
so derided by those on the left and the right who
cry violence as the only soltrtioii to the nation‘s ills.
Let no one say that our protest has not been heard.
One of the great truths of the riioratoritrrii
ohscrvariccs is the growing involvement of the broad
moderate community. The new politics
encompasses a variety of activities; among them a
critical awareness of our nation‘s social ills. and a
passion to work toward their resolution.

Moratorium Day and the March on Washington
were not riierely isolated happenings. Their success
in bringing all those in opposition to the war
together foreshadows the success of the Moratorium
Days to come until the war is over.

We all dream of peace. We want it NOW!

Sincerely yours,
Eugene H. Nickerson

Public Address

An Open Letter:

To Kathy Kendall. Acting chainnun of the Rhetoric
iirid Public Address Department;

We want to ask yotr some questions publicly.
Why do you treat students like Niggcrs‘lWhy
haven't students been involved. signilrcantly. in the
search for a new dcpartriicnt chairman? Are you
aclirig in haste so that yoir can be relieved ol your
duties as department chairman, as soon as possible?
Why has no student been asked. his opinion
concerning the only candidate for chairman. Visiting
professor McNally? Why has visiting professor
McNally been offered an associate prolcssorship
with tenure. again. without consulting any students?
Why are you afraid of having an open meeting to
discuss the problems of tlic R.PA, With the
students. factilty. and the tl'ans? Why was McNally
asked to be on the search committee tor a new
chairman. when he was a candidate for that
position? A ' you aware obtlrc responsibilities tlial
the iob of acting chairman carries?

'1 o visiting Professor McNally;

We would like to know a few things. Wlt) did you
serve on llrc search committee when you were a
candidate for chairman? Now that you are officially
a candidate tor chairman. why do you continue to
treat students like Niggcrs? Didn't you. at a recent
faculty meeting. call the idea of “parity” with
students “irresponsible”? Didn't you try to bar
Professor Gerard Wagner frorii partaking in a
meeting with Dean Perlmutter, because you were
afraid of what he might say? Didn't you try lo‘stifle
any meaningful student participation In the

forthcoming meeting with Dean Perlmutter? Just
because yotr are a visiting member of the faculty.
are you superior lo the other faculty and the
students? Didn‘t you call Professors Wagner and
Norton "paranoid" because they disagreed with
you? Are we paranoid because we are disagreeing
with you?

Tp the Facrrlty of the R.P.A. department?

We are confused concerning certain matters.
AReri‘t student questions and opinions just as
iritportaril as yotirs? Shouldn‘t students participate,
meaningfully, in finding a new chairman? Is interest
in the department only confined to majors of
Rhetoric and Public Address? ls participation only
limited to discussion? Are there standard procedures
within the department for tenure and promotion? Is
visiting professor McNally an exception? Are you
aware of student opinoris regarding the teaching
abilities of Professor McNally? Last year professor
McNally was hired over the objections of most
factilty and students, because he was the orin
candidate, is he going to become chairman because
he is the only candidate? Do yoir have questions for
Mrs. Kendall, visiting Professor McNally, and Dean
Perlrntrtter?

To the Majors of the R.P.A. Department?

We can not believe that you are not concerned.
Why do you allow yourselves to be treated as
Niggers? Have you been asked about visiting
Professor McNallys promotion and candidacy for
chairman? I'las Kathy Kendall adequately informed
you of the affairs of the department? Are you
willing to attend meetings in which you will be only
allowed to talk and not vote? Are you aware tliats
what the R.P.A. faculty wants yoir to do? When are
yoti going to wake up?

Stratton Rawson
Jeff Wasserriian

STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are din-2190,2194.

Editors-In-Chief
Jill Paznih & Ira Wot/man

 

News Editors . . , . . . . . . . . . Kathy lluseman
Anita 'I‘hayer
Assistant News Editors . . . . . . . . Nancy Durisli
(.‘nroi H ughcs
Arts Editor . . . . . . . . , . . . .l)uryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daue Fink

Assistant Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . Mark Grand

Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pat O'Hern

Assistant 'l'echnical Editors . . . . . .'I‘onr Clingan

Linda Stanza/i
Photography Editor . . . . . . . . Andy Hochberg
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Ribak
Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . .Dixniel Foxman
Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . . ﬂurry Kiraehner

The Edlturlcl Polley of the Albany Student Pro. II

 

 

 

 

Mormlncd by are Edlton-lrrCM-f.

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 
      
     

 

a

 ALBANY swarm

- ems

 

  

evaluation?

 

 

 

 

        

LOUIS .l. LEFKOWITZ, Attorney General of New York State,
spoke to 150 students on consumer frauds last night. The event was
sponsored by Delta Sigma Pi, Professional Business Fraternity

Council concerned

with conmumicaiions

by Ken Stokem

In a three hour special
selfevaluation session, this past
Sunday, Central Council made an
attempt to bring out the problems
of Student Association (SA). In
attendance at the open meeting
were Council, Commission, and
Committee members and students
interested in improving S.A.

The seesion covered a myriad
of topics and moved from
discussion to discussion, many too
abstract to be easily conveyed.
But two items surfaced
repeatedly throughout the entire
sessionJ’riorr’ties and
Communication.

The theme of making priorities
and then sticking to them was
reinforced many times. “Are the
students getting what they want
most for the tax monies? Are we
supporting and financing the
priorities of the student body as a
whole?"

These are indicative of the
questions that were asked.
Though no definite answers to
these questions were sought at the
meeting. the importance lies in
their being asked.

Communication was found to
be tied in with nearly every other
issue raised. “Is there adequate
communication with the
students?" “Is there a break in
communication betwec SA
groups?" These are the questions
that were asked and to which
hopefully answers will be
eventually fotrrid.

The ASP itself was tied deeply
into the discussion on
communication. Most people at
the session questioned whether or
not the ASP was fulfilling the
function of ii student newspaper
or not. The general consensu
seemed to be the ASP's primary
function should be that of a
newsletter, 11 source of

communication between, the,

Student” Association ' andi 'the

students, rather than whatever
function it now serves.

The amount of power and
control that two individuals-Le.
the ASP editors-- should exercise
over $8,000 and twelve thousand
people (students) was also
questioned. Communications
Commission tried to defend the
ASP's position by calling such
charges Positive and Negative
censorship. Communication
Commission feels that any
sensorship at all was intolerable.

In response to these charges it
was pointed oirt, however, that
the ASP itself was exercising a
from of censorship itself by
presenting primarily only one
front.

Dave Neufeld suggested that in
some way the Editors of the ASP

continued on page 6

   

are.
was t,—

State University of New York at Albany

Tuesday December 9. l969 -

RPA dept. faces, problem,

meeting set to clarify issues

by Carol Hughes

‘, in a letter published in the Albany Student
Press last Friday, students Stratton Rawson and
Jeff Wasserman strongly chastized the Department
of Rhetoric and Public Address for irresponsibility
and poor handling in its procedures for the
appointment of a new chairman. Today at 3:30
pm, a meeting will be held to answer their
questions and those of other concerned individuals
to clarify this issue.

The problem was precipitated when Mrs.
Kathleen E. Kendall, Acting Chairman of the
R.P.A. Department since its inception last year,
presented her resignation This action resulted in
the creation of a Search Committee to find a
suitable successor.

The committee was formed last May in
accordance with the guidelines supplied by the
College of Arts and Sciences. Faculty members
were Charles Colman, Dean of Humanities
Division; William Reese, Departriierit of
Philosophy; Kathleen Kendall, Acting Chairman,
R.P.A.; Mary Jewett and Robert Norton, Faculty,
R.P.A.; and Richard McNally, Visiting Professor,
R.P.A. Dean of Arts and Sciences, 0. William
Perlmutter served as an ex officio member.

Student representation posed a dilemma. At a

---benjamin meeting of majors held in May, a quorum was

unavailable due to the proximity of final exams.
Those students attending did not feel sufficiently
empowered to make any recommendations.
According to Mrs. Kendall, the issue was
pressing enough to warrant the selection of two
majors to serve on the committee by the
department, in this case, Mrs. Kendall and Dr.
Richard Wilkie. This action was taken so that the

committee could work throughout the summer.
Chosen were 1 an Garvey and Arthur Debin.

Rawson and Wasserman argue that the manner
in which the selection took place was completely
unfair to the students concerned. The agenda for
the meeting did not include the recommendation
of appointees to the Search Committee until it was
added by Mrs. Kendall the day before the meeting
occurred. They reiterate that this plan was not
mentioned at any previous gathering of students in
the R.P.A. Department. Furthermore, the election
was to be held on a day when students would be
unable to attend due to other committments.

The announcement of the presence of Garvey
and Debin on the Search Committee was not
made public for several months after they had
been chosen.

When these criticisms were brought to Dean
Perlmutter early this semester, their validity was
upheld. However, since the committee had been
functioning front the summer through this period,
replaceriient of representatives seemed unrealistic.
Perlmutter suggested the addition of another
student member, chosen by the students, to the
committee. Although this new individual would
lack the rapport achieved by the other committee
members, it was felt that his presence would be
beneficial.

The proposal was not intended as a personal
affront to either Garvey or Debin. A meeting of
majors was held to discuss the proposition this
semester. At this time, however, the students did
not see the necessity of electing another
representative.

The Search Comriiittee worked during the
summer, finding and evaluating possible
candidates. After months of study, four names

continued on page 6

ASP newsboard elects editors,
Rohde chosen editor-in-chief

Bi" Rohde has been elec‘ed by all candidates for editorship oftlic . I
PAPer were "‘31ch members or “10 unanimous vote of the screening
ASP. The Current editors dCCidCd coniriiittee. Although he has not
to open applications to all held any editorial positions, he
members 0f the university Who has written columns for the ASP.
knowledge and and also has served as copy editor

the news board of the Albany
Student Press to the position of
Editor-ln-Chief for the next two
semesters. had

_ sufficient
Rolide, currently enrolled in desirelo mime Position.

Rolide was elected by

of the Nassau College Vignette.
He will officially take office

the English graduate program, has Three applications were

been serviiithis term as Editor of
L’Humaniste, a politically
oriented publication which
appeared monthly. '

His election marked a change in
AC” nnlinino prinr On this term

   
   

received and a series of interviews
was held wherein a candidate was
questioned as to his ideas
concerning the organization,
purpose, and direction of the
Albanv Strident Prose

.HEART,v.0F THEvUNlVERSITY. CLOSEDfor. thewintenucn administration-sponsored safety
4 precauton. '15.}1'1'adur‘o'

with the first issue of the spring
semester.

Pat O’Hern, a sophomore who
has served the ASP for the past
year as technical editor, was
elected to the previously unfilled
position of managing editor.

As managing editor, it will be
Miss O Herri's job to more closely
coordinate the technical aspects
of the paper. Hopefully, this will
aid in the more effective
production of the ASP.

Anita Thayer was re-elected
News Editor. A junior political
science major, she has been
serving as one of the papers‘ two
News Editors for a large part of
this term.

Elected to the positions of
Associate News Editors were
Nancy Durisli and Carol Hughes.

Both Miss Durisli, ii junior from
Eridicott, and Miss Hughes. a
junior from Peekskill, have been
serving as assistant news editors
this semester.

Toni Clinga'n, a freshman frorii
Glen Cove, Long Island, and
Linda Stuszak, a junior fiorn Mas-
sapequa, were elected technical
editors. They will be working with
the managing editor in revamping
the production of thls‘piiper.

Daryl Lynne ager was
reappointed to the position of
tits. editort‘or. the Sarina semes-
set.

 

