  
   
 
   
   
    
 
   
 
    
   
    
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
 
  
  

   

._ f. »..~t-—...~ M-..

-_,_-- \, -1. -..\-»m~am A.—

..m- A3

    
   
  
    
  
   
  
  

teachers, ourparents. o: '

We have let our culture excape with our own peace of mind, a mind
we never even had. Shadows, we march to the barricades wondering
who We are, where we will march next, wondering if shadows can

band together to make reality.

If we can come together within ourselves, make our own bodies
into invulnerable instruments of total communication, invulnerabie to
the destitution of external forces. We can no longer hide in the
alleyways provided by any illegitimate authorities. Strike out, we urge

‘ you, for your own souls, for cosmic consciousness, communion with

the unique univers of self.

We urge you not to react to the celebration of death by reading the

, We are the dead, the cries who, being products of a culture that‘
[ritualistically celebrates the destruction 'of all that makes. life
, r beautiful, are left toatand as’shadows of substance and meaning.

' , It is pathetically laughable, the hypocritical satisfaction we get
from castigating our government and ourselves for allowing wars to
continue. We, as students are an obvious manifestation of the ritual
war. We create our own unique individual wars among our friends, our

give notiﬁcation.

decision.

 

Appaliniig policy ] "

We were appalled to ﬁnd that the Campus Center snack Bar set up
a policy which said, in effect, that if a student employed there did not
report for work on October lS—Moratorium Day—he would find his
employment there terminated (in other words he would be fired).

We understand the idea that employeees have a responsibility to tell
their employers if they will not report for work; we believe that the
threat of action by the snack bar'was aimed only at those who did not

HoweVer, it is obvious that the snack bar hierarchy has acted in a
totally ridiculous manner. Threatening someone with loss of
employment on the basis of one day of absence is not standard
procedure; it seems that political views may haVe colored this

If anyone has been fired on these grounds, we hope the snack bar
management will realize their odious mistake and rescind their action.

 

names of the dead, by inculcating the self in the horrors of war, for by

doing this we are legitimizing the death culture, surrounding all
possible means of excape to life with prison bars constructed by the

powerful dead.

We cannot let ourselves continue in the trap we are in, we must
beware of new wars, from all sides, wars denying the liberating life of

the individual. a

The elections for University Senate will be held from Tuesday,
October 2i. to Thursday, October 23. Write in votes are permitted, as

long as the write in candidate has the qualiﬁcations ncccesary to hold

the ofﬁce. The rally for the residents of Alumni Quad will be held on
October 1‘), from 2 to 5 PM. in Brubacher Lower Lounge.

 

 

 

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

  

 

Moratorium Day

To the Editors:

The National Moratorium Day has passed.
Whether or not it has succeeded in its avowed
purpose, however, remains to be seen. Even the
Moratorium's most active supporters apparently
could not have expected immediate results, as further
similar activities are planned for the future.
Evenutually, we will be forced to judge the
Moratorium on its merits as a contributor to peace,
bearing in mind the Administration's present
commitment to a negotiated peace. To the extent to
which the Moratorium will have contributed to and
speeded the cause of peace, it is to be praised; and
to the extent to which it may delay the cause of
peace in V/iet.Nam it is to be condemned as a
capricious further wast of human lives..

Harris A. Hull
Graduate School of Business Admin.

Republican moratorium

To the Editors,

“The members of the SUNYA COllege
Republican Club would like to express their support
of the October 16 Moratorium on the war in
Vietnam. As politically involved students, we feel it
is our obligation to take a stand. We think this is a
valid educational experience that students can take
advantage of, to learn and to express their
sentiments on this very important issue."

The proceeding executive board resolution was
presented and unanimously adopted by those
present at the October 9 meeting of the Albany
State College Republicans. We believe we must
become involved in the everyday life of the campus
community, making our views known and our
presence felt. This resolution represents a new
policy of involvement in the affairs of the university
community, and a concern for social and moral
issues of today.

SUNYA College Republicans

Executive Board

Fruncls Battisti, President

Ed.Note: This communication was reccivcd last

week, but due to an oversight did not appear in our
loaf issue.

Heil Haley

To the editors:

Hell Haley and Food Service! Nothing is more
important than the iron rule. including students.
Hell Haley and Food Service! The students are to be
penalized for the inefficiency of Food Service.

Upon learning that the permanent meal cards had
arrived I went down and waited In line only to
further learn that my permanent meal card Hodbaen
misplaced. l was told to go to Food Service's office
at State Quad the following Monday. Being well
aware of the inefficiency of this University Monday
morning my friend called Food Service to find out
whether the permanent meal cards were ready. She

  

was informed that she needn't come, the cards
would be distributed to the various quads in a few
days. But this wasn't done and permanent meal
cards became mandatory Friday, Oct. 10 at 4:00
pm.

At dinner the checker refused to let me through
the line because my name was not in the missing
cards list. I explained the situation to Mrs. Hayes,
who evidently is in charge of Food Service at Dutch.
She informed me that until I had gotten a pass or
permanent meal card I would not be permitted to
eat in the cafeteria and if my friends brought food
to me, their meal cards would be confiscated.

To eat, I needed a Food Service pass which could
only be obtained at State Quad by 5:00. It was then
5200, but she allowed me to call Food Service from
the cafeteria and request that the office remain
open a little longer. A student worker agreed so I
run over and obtained that precious scrap of paper.
Why hadn‘t they given the pass to me earlier?

They're so busy no one knows what they’re
doing--l've noticed.

The student is charged $5.00 for replacing a lost
meal card, regardless of whether it is a permanent or
temporary meal card (Alas! students who are
inconvenienced when Food Service loses their cards
are not paid $6.00!).

Arc justice and mercy lost virtues at Albany
State? Even though Mrs. Hayes realized that it was
through no fault of my own that I had neither a
permanent meul card not a pass in my possession,
she would have deprived me of my meals. it is a
rude awakening to learn just how the officials in
charge of this university have the student's interest
at heart.

One disillusioned student,
Theresa Fultu

Verne Urbano

To the Editors:

I am writing this letter in response to the
Communication by Mr. Verne Urbano in the
Oct. 10 issue of the ASP.

First, Mr. Urbano seemed very disturbed by the
language used in the editorial. For any
communication to be effective, it has to be read and
understood. Mr. Urbano, the war is still on, men are
still dying.

Think, air...Why dirty words, vulgar thoughts?
Unfortunately, no one wants to listen to you until
you twist his arm a bit. It's as simple as that. If it
takes a four-letter word to make people sit up and
take notice (as it did to you)--thon I can't condemn
its use. Maybe enough of these words and thoughts
will, someday, somehow, save men's lives. In
purspectlve,thon, the disgusting words only describe
a disgusting situation. Maybe they'll help...

Then you say "...depravod"--tho person who
wrote the article is depraved! If you could get your
hands on trim then the problem would be solvod.
What do you {mend to do to him, Mr. Urbano? You
talk about depraved--

You finish your letter with a threat. An out and
out threat. No more thought, no more expression of
feelingauor else. How can you possibly expect

anyone to understand, believe, or oven respect you
when you use threats; illegal threats against freedom
of speech. 0r don‘t you care...

Mr. Urbano, look around. Something is
happening. There is a reason for it. Why sir, why?
Think about it, for all our sakes, please think about

it.
In peace,

Marshall Winkler
Warped Urbano

To whom this should concern:

After having read Verne Urbano’s letter (ASP,
10/10 69), I decided certain comments were
necessary, if not obligatory. I am not concerned
with Mr. Urbano’s dislike for “Peace vs.
US"(ASP,9/30/69); however, his entire criticism
and attitude openly suggest an anti-intellectual as
well as totalitarian approach to other people.

Unfortunately Mr. Urbano does not attend this
"institution." Hopefully his children will receive a
many-faceted education, something which Mr.
Urbano desperately could use. It would be a pity if
his children were indoctrinated with Marine-Corps
ideology , for their solutions to self-perceived
“Problems” are going to revolve around violent
annihilation, as prophesized by Mr. Urbano when he
said: "If, personally,, I could get my hands on the
element of depraved human responsible for this
ﬁlth, the problem would be solved."

Lautly, I am happy that the “Irate American" is
sending a copy of "Peace vs. US" to the “top
administrators" of the State University. Perhaps he
will also send a copy of his letter so that Mr.
Urbano‘s primitive diatribe and stimulating expose
of his own warped personality.

Yours truly,
John J. Fleitman

 

" STAFF

The Albany Student Press la published two times a
week by the Student Aasoeiallon of the State University
of New Vodt at Albany. The ASP editorial office ll
located In room 334 of the Campus Center. This
newspaper ia funded by S. A. tax. The ASP was founded
by the aim of 1018. The ASP phones an 457-2190,
2194.

Editors-in-Chief
JiIiPazm'k tit Ira Woifman

News Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Kathy Huseman

Associate News Editor . . . . . . . . . . . Anita 'I‘lraycr

Arts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Davc Fink

’i‘ cchnicai Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pat O'Hern

Assistant Technical Editor . . . . . . . . .Tom Ciingan

Photography Editor . . . . . . . . . . . Andy Hochbcrg

Iiuaencss Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Ribair

Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . . . .Daniei Foxman

Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [lorry Kirschner

The Albany Student Pre- aaaumas no responsibility for
opinions expreaaad in in columns and communications!
such axpraaalona do not naeaaaadly reflect its views.

 

 

 

  

SP

Volume lVl. No.8.

 

ALBANY STUDENT

PRESS.

  

 

 

 

 

 

Defense contracts,

narcotics

by Perry Silverrnan

Two of the important issues
facing universities today, military
defense contracts and drugs on
campus, were discussed at this
Monday's conference of President
Kuusisto with the students.

In answer to previous inquiries
concerning Albany State’s
involvement with Defense
Department research contracts,
Kuusisto provided a list of six
contracts being fulfilled with
various members of the defense
establishment totaling $861,255.

The largest of the six was a
$600,000 contract with the Air
Force for a project being
researched by Professor Vonnegut
of the Atmospheric Sciences
Research Center. This
investigation into “The Physical
Properties of Clouds and Fog"
concerns research of fog, rain, and
snow production, weather from;
and air pollution.

The second largest contract was
one for $183,000 from the Air
Force again for research
conducted by Dr. Corbett of the
Physics Department on
“Radiation Damage in
Semi-Conductors."

Other contracts with the
defense establishment concern
those with the Ofﬁce of
NavaiResearch on “The Fear of
Failure and General Achievement
Behavior" and “The Growth of
Small Particles in the
Atmosphere," by Professors
Teevan and Mohnen, respectively.

Anti-war leader

policy
Kuusrsto emphasized that these
projects were Not of a secret

nature .

The next major question
considered was one raised by a
student at the conference on the
arrest of four Albany State
students involved with marijuana
on campus and any possible shift
in the university's “narcotics
policy.”

Clifton Thorne, Vice President
of Student Affairs. acknowledged
at this time that this was the first
arrest made for narcotics use on
campus. However, he pointed out
that formal charges were not
pressed against the four until they
were off campus grounds.

Thorne established that
university policy on narcotics law
violations had not changed. Such
policy consists of denying the
university campus as a sanctuary
to drug abusers and cooperating
with law enforcement agencies.

Thorne denied that the
administration is in comspiracy
with police agencies to monitor
the student body. He emphasized
the point that the administration
intends to prevent “Stony
Brook-type" police invasions of
this campus.

Dr. ’I‘horne indicated that the
university is commited “to help
human beings in trouble." He
cited that those arrested were
provided with free legal advice
and assistance in acquiring lawyers
in addition to being permitted to
confer with university officials.

RESIDENTS OF OUR SUNY INST!

spite of the mics).

  

    

. u»

TUTION choose alternative paths toward becoming all they are (in

...benjumg'n

Case against $3 000 involves

minority

The legality of Central
Council’s 3000 dollar allotment
for sending buses to Washington
next month was the issue at last
night's Supreme Court
hearing. Much of the four hour
session of the Court was taken up
with discussion of minor and
irrelevant points, such as asthetic
versus moral judgement and why
Bill 6768-73 is not a by-law.

to discuss

students in the age of Nixon

by Candy Miner

“The Students Role in the
Nixon Era" will be the topic of
Adam Walinsky, a former
Kennedy side and a leader of the
anti-war movement will speak
here tomorrow evening in LC 1 at
3:30, sponsored by Forum of
Politics. His speech will be
followed by an extended
discussion period.

An enigma to many people, Mr.
Walinsky is often accused of being
an arrogant, young (32 yrs.) man.
However, those who know him
see that this so-called arrogance is
really an impatience to effect
change, thereby bringing the

ideals of the young to reality.

Mr. Wnlinsky is currently
lecturing in colleges throughout
the state. Last spring, he
addressed Pi Sigma Alpha, the
plitical science honorary, and gave

University Senate

Tile election for University
Senate will be held on October
2i, 22, and 23 frotn l0-5 pm. in
the Main Lounge of the Campus
Center. Write in votes are
pemrittcd, as long as the write
in candidate has the
qualifications nemasary to hold

the office.
VOTE!!!

 

the first Robert F. Kennedy
lecture. He received a standing
ovation for his speech on the
“Future of Leadership in the US."
The Robert F. Kennedy lecture
has since become an annual event
sponsored by the Graduate School
of Public Affairs and Pi Sigma
Alpha..

Walinaky is active in
the anti-war movement. It was
partly his action which brought
about the statewide bommittea,
known as the Committee to End

ADAM WAUNSKY, FORMER KENNEDY AIDE,
Wednesday evening on “The Students Role In the Nixon Era.."

the War in Vietnam, to coordinate
the moratorium day activities on
October 15.

Born in NYC and currently
living in Searsdale, New York, Mr.
Walinaky is a graduate of Cornell
University and Yale Law School.
In 1964, after having worked in
the Dept. of Justice under Robert
Kennedy, he joined Senator
Kennedy’s staff where he became
his chief speech writer and key
aide.

 
 
  

  

However, both sides did manage
to deliver concrete arguments.
The plaintiff, Bert Devorset--
backed by Bob lseman and Ken
Stringer--contended that the
allotment was ‘in direct
contradiction‘ to Bill
6768-73. That bill states, in
part, that ‘Student Association
monies shall not be used to
directly finance any group which
advocates any partisan
viewpoint.’ Devorsetz presented
a letter from Mr. Chandler Stain,
legal counselor to the university,
which stated that to use “Student
Assoaciation funds...to transport
students to this protest would be
an improper use of such funds.

Devorset also argued that
mandatory student fees could not
used for partisan political

rights, student tax

activity. He asserted he asserted
that the council now had an even
greater responsibility to the righta
of the minority because tax is
now mandatory. Due to this,
many students would be paying
for many activitieses which they
do not neccesarily support.

“What is more important is that
this court set down the guidelines,
loudly and clearly, that
mandatory fees may not be used
for partisan political activitiea.,ha
concluded.

The case for Student
Assoaciation was presented by
Doug Goldschmidt, Terry
Mathias, Dave Neufeld, and Vic
Looper.

S.A.’s major argument reated
on the fact that Council he! the

continued to page 3

Students pose “cure”
for forced learning

Last spring, Faculty Senate
tabled a resolution which would
have eliminated university wide
requirements. The proposal was
put aside because it lacked a plan
of implementation and evidence
of student and faculty support.

In an effort to revive the
proposal, five university students
have formed CURE—Committee
for Undergraduate Requirement
Elimination, a subcommittee of
Academic Affairs Commission.
The students, Stave Bookin, Phil
Cantor, Sue Eiberger, Aline
Lepkin, and Steve Villuno, have
been working with Dick Collier
and Bob Gibson of University
College since early October.
attempting to outline an
implementation procedure which
would dissolve the existing
university requirements but
maintain departmental major

requirements.

According to Committee

spokesman, Stave Villano, “The
Committee has drawn up a
tentative plan of implementation
Wm sped; he" which will be expanded when we
receive replies from. several ,

universities to which we have
written."

“As of now, we are asking that
all university-wide requirementa,
such as 12 hours of Math and
Science, 12 hours of Social
Science, 6 hours of Language, and
9 hours of Humanities be
eliminated, but that departmental
major requirements remain in
existence. We do not however,
advocate that departments adopt
requirements which have been
discontinued by the university, as
is the practice at some schools."

CURE’s goals are to offer the
student a freer choice in planning
his own academic career, to
eliminate the atmosphere of
compulsory learning, to lift the
burden of required courses off the
student since a student now
spends approximately one half of
his university liia taking courses
not necessarily of his liking, and
to free faculty members from
teaching courses which are a
source of frustration and a waste
of time to faculty, the
departments, and the students

uedtepagez

involved.

eoqtiu

 

   

