 

 

-~~~..- w’p:¢ n...”

 

 

A name, a life; another name, another life; on and
on continuing for ten hours. In monotonous voiCes,
people trying to engulf themselves in the impact of
45,000 non-existe nt lives and the longevity of a war.
Hundreds standing and sitting under the cold
Midnight sky. Sincere, concerned, and bored.
.persistent in their efforts, frustrated by government
indifference and tired. One student remarks that he
is not particularly moved by the vigil. “What
purpose is there in reading names of dead people?"

Today is October 17 and the killing is still going
on. Richard Nixon said that he will not be moved
by the demonstrations. Mr. Nixon said that policy
will not be made by those on the street. Mr. Nixon
says that American casualities have been lowest
since 1966... this is progress. Mr. Nixon says that he
will end the war????

Professor Goldstein, speaking in a stuffy British
accent, puts down the American middle class as
wicked, evil, and sexually repressed. And then
Ogden Reid, a liberal Congressman speaks about the
bad war and how concerned, dedicated Americans
will no longer stand for the war?

Peace, peace, peace... stop the war, end the war,
bring the troops home, no more war... and we are
tired. No more killing, no more destruction...
Richard Nixon’s smiling face and llubert Humphrey
is supporting the President.

Professor Baritz holds a festival for the "Assault
on the Culture of Death." Indeed! Big breast,
muscular bodies and the bombing of North Viet
Nam; all seems to imply some sort of sexual
perversion. Robert Cohen gives us the facts... more
money spent on cosemctics in America than the
GNP of Africa.

And someone turns on a transistor radio to find
out how the Mets are doing. Kill, kill, kill; guns
blasting, faces torn apart, students shouting, yelling
asking for some sympathy and it's time for baseball
and Ballentine.

Before millions at the Dinner table, Chet and
David tell Americans that the moratorium was not
overwhelming. Liberal politicians rant and rave that
our National priorities are wrong... the students

 

 

Peace is the way!

cheer. “Are you going down to the march?" And
the students answer, “No, l have to study for a
test.” Priorities?

Loren Baritz is frustrated. Hits us with words,
wants us to learn, intense and anxious... wake up
America, you are dying. Everyone gets excited, they
will buy his point of view and the Professor is a
little happier.

Then comes Professor Cohen; he knows his stuff.
But the people are restless, it's hot... we’re bored.
We have been excited and now you want to give us
facts. Light up a cigarette and wait for the next
film. l‘We've heard that before. The situation is ugly
and we don't want to hear it anymore."

Stop the war, stop the war, peace now, peace
now... fuck you too, mister.

In front of Draper Hall the atmosphere is light.
People are laughing, playing with their candles and
amazed at the turnout for the march. It was over an
hour before all gathered at the capitol. Hippies,
moderates, homosexuals, Joe College, old ladies,
priests, and doctors were all waiting for the gala
affair to begin. The crowd was brought together by
a traditional chorus of “We Shall Overcome;" but
then the shit came down.

Bill O'Kain and Dan Button are for peace. It was
time for the politicians to do their thing... ride the
emotions of the people. Eugene Nickcrson,
sounding like an old recording of Bobby Kennedy,
knew jusl what to say to row the people. “War is
bad, l'm against the war, hring troops home,
Richard Nixon is naughty.” Cheers, cheers, cheers.

And then the people became perturbed. Dan
Button decided that he would appease all sides of
the coin. “We are against the war, but we hate
Communism. The people in Hanoi are wicked." The
people then said all that was needed to be said,
“Peace now peace now peace now peace now peace
now peace now peace now peace now..."

story by keuin j me girr

photos by Iiochberg, Ice, dc young, hart-is,
rosenberg, cantor

is no way to peace.

 

  
 
  
 
 
  

   

  
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
     
    

 

