 

wwwv M-AQMWWAMI‘ A... A A L. 0

PAGE 8

Comment

Editorial

 

Dichotomy

This University serves one basic purpose: the preparation of
students for employment. This preparation takes the form of
supplying the student with the academic ‘credentials' neccesary to
secure a career position— or to gain admittance to a grad school which
will eventually lead to the same end.

To suit these needs, the ‘trade-school’ university has maintained
institutions which aim at better preparedness in the ‘outside world’.
These institutions include a competitive marking system (a neccesity
in a world which seems to be founded on cheating and mistrusting in
order to attain the coveted prize), a ﬁeld of study oriented around
memorization of facts, the adoption of a slave-master attitude towards
his ‘superiors’ (wherein the student learns to swallow his own intiative
and follow orders), and the acceptance of an atmosphere of total lack
of communication, whereby no one says what he thinks, and soon, no
longer has to think.

The University has also retained more formal institutions, such as
the placement service, which aim to fill out the University’s role in the
production of students capable of meshing into the outside
technocracy.

But there exists a breed of students today who, having been
breast-fed afﬂuence and professional prestige, still do not enter these
hollow walls with career preparation as their goal. They, rather, wish
to spend four-- or five or six or more- yeasryears of their life, isolated
from the economic realities of society, experimenting, growing,
learning and developing their individuality.

They come with no premeditated goals; they may seek direction,
but they do not seek ‘placement.’. They, in their foolish, impractical,
and idealistic little ways, wish to grow and become individualss, they
will be at peace with.

It is these students-these sorely confused, certainly impractical
students- who are entering the University in the need of an
atmosphere which will allow them to, most importantly of all,
develope as they see fit. It is these stduents who are not being
satisﬁed.

Whether this -- or any -- University can satisfy the needs of these
confused people -- is a question without a deﬁnite answer. But the
lack of a definite answer in no way cjustifies ignoring the problem.
The University has not ignored this student; it has, rather, attempted
to solve his problems along with everyone else’s. This cannot be done.

It is this strident who has no need for a marking system. It is really
irrelevant whether he receives an A B C D or E -- but whether he has
gained any knowledge is painfully relevant.

It is this student who has no need for the credit hour; for, iflie has
learned, it cannot be measured, and if he Iias not, measurement is a
farce.

It is this student who is trying , oh so valiantly, to discard his
master-slave attitude(carcfully acquired through thirteen years of
edgeakayshun). It is this stduent who is attempting to actrrally
communicate.

It is these students to whom the University has failed to address
itself effectively.

In a feeble attempt, the University has tried to ’have its cake and
eat it too‘. It has attempted to ‘providc relcvrrncy' for all--those who
crave it and those who have no care for it, in equal dosages. This in
between step molliﬁes no one.

The university hands us a shoddy, confusing pass-fail system which
probably cannot suit the needs of any of the different type s of
students, and then says, benevolently, “Here, here is true
education"....most don’t want it at all, and to some, it is pitifully
little.

No compromise between the two alien worlrls of these students can
be satisfactory; there must be a definite scperation, and only their can
there be satisfaction for both--or citlicruside.

The stduent who wishes to go to med school will be hurt by
attempts at ‘relcvancy' or at ‘edrrcational frecdom‘. He has chosen his
path-- any sidetracks along the way the University may provide do not
really aide him, but may harm him in his pursuance of his goal.

A candidate for Uirivcrsity Senate last month suggested that the
University should provide all kinds of environments. so that all might
find their niche; Right now, the only environment lacing provided is
one iii which many find themselves pitifully unhappy. Until the
recognition of the two differcniit worlds is complete, none Will be
satisfied.

Inherent in this argument sccins to he the assumption that tltc
student wlio desires relevancy is the \llllL‘Iltil stdricnt This
assumption, while it is appealing, is a foolish one. 'I he thing we irirrst
do is recognize the difference in students and their cope with unnot
judge it.

We l'CliIlZC that the realistic, practical oritlook is not only air
ingrained part of this Society-41 is an csscntirrl cornerstone of it. lint
for those of us who cry out for merely an idealistic dcvclopemeiital
center, society's seemingly appointed caretaker—the University-liars
failed. We hopc it ciia succeed, or iii least come closer to success. llrit
will it'.’ (fun it?

In our agony, we await an answer -- and action.

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

EBBIE m5 EEP

tur rm poN’T
HAVE A cannot!

  

  

 
 

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1969

e on, some — HERE’S NoTltING
Edi" IT. you‘ve Him THE rum
FORMS OF THE TWO r’"
(ANDlDATES.

       

  
 

 

  
 

wELL,ED_-—- wno
pm you vote or?

    

+ PW

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

Forget the War?

To the University Community:

Is it possible that between moratoriunis and
marches, Americans can forget that a war is going
on?

Perhaps the atrophy of our society is so pervasive,
reaching into government, industry, economy,
lawcnforcement and education that we can no
longer distinguish it from everyday life. It’s so much
easier to ignore our individual part in this delay to
conform, and remain unnoticed!

Since I transferred to Albany last September, I
have wrestled with the question of my personal
complicity with the system. Today, at long last,l
reached my eighteenth birthday arid I must act in
accord with my convictions. Unfortunately, I can’t.
I have chosen to register with the Selective Service
System . Although I refuse to accept any
classification other than that of conscientious
objector, I feel extreme guilt at this decision. I am
sorry for all those men who have died in our
invasion of Southeast Asia, and all those who loved
each one of them.

I ask that each of you re-examine your role in our
country‘s policies, and maybe a few of you will be
able to take a stand against illegitimate authority,
and resist being swept into docile submission to the
Establishment.

I regret that I could not.

In peace,
Jack L. Schwartz

Protest M ake-U p
To the Editors,

Students and faculty who take part in political
activities should check carefully into the make-up of
the "protests" in which they participate, both for
their nation‘s good and for their own.

I take in point the thousands of SUNY students
who signed Political and Social Positions
(‘ommittee‘s petition for funds for the November
IS bus trip to Washington. The overall coordination
of this demonstration is in the hands of the New
Mobilization (‘ontmittec to lind the War in Vict
Naiir (or the “New Mobc"), New Mobc is
represented on campus by “Strident Mobc" which
has representatives on thc steering committee of
“New Mobe." If SUNY students had taken the little
to look into “New Mobc‘s” leadership, it is doribtfril
that they would have supported the November 15
protest III such large numbers.

()rr "New Mohe's" steering committee are a
riirrnbcr of personalities whose careers bear looking
into. There is for one, Arnold Johnson who
happens to be public relations secretary for the
(‘oinmunrst Party USA. There is also Sylvia
Krrslriicr', whose husband Sum Kttshrtci has served
on the National ('ommitlec of the (‘I’IISA ()thers
of this type are Irving Sarnoff and Otto
Nathan IlttlIl of whom have taken refuge in the
5th Amendment when questioned on('rrmniunisr
l’arty activities.

Also included in “New Mobc” are I);ivnl I)cl|rngei
and Rennie Davis. botli currently on trial for
Violation of federal anti-war laws during List year's
Democratic Convention in Chicago. The last nami-
which rules mention here is that of I‘icd (“Big Red
I’rcd") Ilalstcad, last year's candidate for President
on the Socialist Workers' Party ticket. The SWP has
long been listed as subversive by the US.
government.

Students who wish to protest the war (or
anything else) have that right. But with that right,
goes the obligation to do it thoughtfully and
responsibly. The leaders of “New Mobe" to many
do not appear to be of the caliber to provide ttie
leadership necessary for such protest. This is not
only the opinion of those who support the nation’s
commitment iir Viet Nam, but also of several leaders
of the Viet Nam Moratorium Committee.

_It would seem that if one wishes to protest the
Viet Naniese War, one could find better company to
do it with than the “New Mobe."

Sincerely,
David A. Pietrusza

Joint Appeal

Open Letter to the Student Body:

In the past the students of SUNYA have
contributed to the Joint Appeal fund drive. They
felt it to be past of their social responsibility to do
so. 66,000 members of the Capitol District Irave
seem ﬁt to contribrrte to this Appeal which collects
for 33 voluntary community agencies which provide
“essential health, educational, welfare and character
building services."

Many of you worry a great deal about the
relationship between the University and the local
community. Many of you seek the humanistic
approach to life. There is no better way to aid :1
good relationship between campus and community
than showing your concern for the Joint Appeal.
And this could hardly be more humanistic!

Also many of these services are related to
students here at SUNYA. These services provide
jobs for many students. These services even employ
some of the parents of students. Many of our
students find it necessary, appropriate, and even
convenient to use the services. If we could only
return half of the benefits these services give us, it
would be greatly appreciated.

Beginning next Monday and lasting until next
Friday pledge slips will be availabble both at the
Campus (‘enter Information Desk and in the
Strident Association Office. Fill out a pledge slip. Or

continued to page7

 

the Albany Student Press is published two times a
week by the Student Association oi the State University
of New York at Albany. Thu ASP editorial oﬂicu is
located in room 334 of the Campus Cuntor. This
newspaper is funded by S. A. tax. The ASP was Ionndud
by the class of 1918. Thu ASP phones are 457-2190,

2194. .
lidilorsirr ~('Iri'e/

Jill Paul”: at Ira Wol/nian
News Editors . . . . . , . . . . . Krillry Ilriacinmi
Anilri ’I‘liuyer
. ,I)tiryl Lynne Wager
. .I)ﬂtlt’ It’r'nk
Mar/r (lrunrl
. I’ul (VI/urn
. 'I‘orn CHUNG”
Linda Stanzolr
. Andy llor'lrbcr]:

Arts Editor
Sports Editor . . . . . .
rl saislnnl Sports Editor
’l‘cclrni’r'al Ii'tli'tor . . , .
Assistant ’I't'r'irliir'ol Ii‘rlilors . ,

I’lrotogrnpliy Editor .
Business Manager , (.‘Iitir'lr It’ilmlr
Advertising Manager . Harrie! Foxrnlrrr
Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . , . ltnrry Kiraclrnur
Tire Editorial Policy of the Albany Student Pros: It

determined by the Edlton—ln-Clilot, and reﬂect
their vim only.

 

 

 

STAFF

 

ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS ‘

 

 

 

 

Together”

 

 

 

Vol. [W No. l3

 

ARE WE RELEVANT?

Relevancy?

The State University of New York at Albany is... “The students are
only interested in marks... a very politically inactive campus... one of
the machines of the American Society... the students are not really
interested in learning... Long Island Jewish kids... there are not
enough intellectual students... submissive... mostly straight...... add
your own criticism .

“Is the University relevant? Are the teachers interested in the
students as individuals? Are the students interested in the students as
individuals? Is the University providing an atmosphere of intellectual
freedom? Are we just here to get a better job?”

“We‘re learning the ways of the society... we are pressured to
achieve... the University is perpetuating the American technological
Cultural Complex...”

“I have to avoid the draft somehow... my mother and father want
me to get an education. to live in today’s society you need a better
job... I'm interested in experimenting with drugs... my mother says
that I probably have a better chance of meeting a guy who would be a
success... I couldn‘t imagine starting a job last June... my Guidance
Counselor told me that I had potential... to learn about the
Universe...”

“I think the University should provide... I think the University
should provide... I think the University should provide ..... ..

“There is social injustice... the war... poverty... racial prejudice...
police brutality... “I’m going to try to solve the world‘s problems. I
don’t think the University is all that it could be.”

The professors are bogged down with too many students... “I want
to personalize my lectures but the system just doesn't allow for this...

“The students are uninterested... the students are unconcerned..."

The students seem to be trying to say something.

The ASP is a lousy college newspaper...

“No, no I don’t have time to be concerned or active; I have to get
an education first."

WELL, WHAT IS RELEVANT?

So what is relevant? WE, the students, are seduced by various
factions on the campus; clawing at us to partake in their concerns. Did
someone say that we are here to learn? Who the hell is he?

Question: Don’t we learn on the outside world?

Answer: Yes-but here our thoughts will be collected to give us a
frame of reference to view the world.

Question: Who is going to collect our ideas for us?

Answer: Ourselves, of course.

Question: But then why do we have to come here to collect our
thoughts.

Finally: Oh shit! You just don't understand.

The sociologist: The latent sociological forces are pressuring the
individual to consider an extension of himself into the realm of
universal awareness thereby causing a need for a general education to
complement his awareness. The educated individual is of value to a
society which has developed a vast technology, a technology which
provides a nation of youth, opportunity for material comfort. This
appalling mess of cultural complexity has created the University. The
University fosters an awareness for the individual. The individual, due
to counter-vailing psycho-socio variables, becomes critical of the
cultural complex and naturally of its component, the University.
Seeking support for his personal cognizance the individual finds
himself part of the new subculture.

We are the generation of rebellion, of the identity crisis, of new
awarenesses, of unhappiness with the previous generation, of
frustration and of a new psychology that is reducing the subculture to
one of suicidal maniacs.

THE GOAL

“The goal will be to join the system which has destroyed creativity
and destroy it from within. But-but won't you also be destroyed by
joining it?" ...I think what we have here is failure to communicate.
Communication Communication Communication What is it?

“Take Dr. Doe for Quantum MCCI‘MICS ', he's an easy II... He says
that if we come to class all the time we are guaranteed a C... Ifl hand
my paper in early she‘ll probably give me a higher grade... I’ll just read
the chapter summaries and most likely pass... Ifljust pass the ecurse
I'll be satisfied... Each time he looks at my side of the room I smile at
him... supposedly XFK has the largest file of old exams... I'll keep
talking to trim after class and he'll think I‘m interested in the
course..."

“Grades force the student to compete with fellow students and to
become less concerned with learning. While on the other hand pass-fail
allows the student to concentrate on areas in which he ls most

5cm ultimo 0! Ne- rat a: arson.

4} win impdmt
Mitzi», tum-mo?

  

m {owl

 

  

 

m the fir

 

 
 

from

'birds' by Robert Jay Liftan
permission pending

interested.

Yeah, yeah but I have to get a Master's degree to change the world,
thus I need letter grades to get into Gradrrate School. 0h! May I say
something-if one is interested in learning why the need for any
evaluation... why the need for University Education? Yes, but let’s be
realistic. Realistic? Reality? Will you come to see me on Thursdays
and Saturdays.

Relevance... It all seems like alota shit!

Is all this cynical commentary on the existing University relevant?

N0 ANSWER

No answer. Is it true? All will answer that question. Are these
questions urgent? Why do we bother to ask them? Can we answer
them?

Everybody is talking about learning. And then they smugeg indict
the University as a poor excuse for learning. Are we just going to
criticize and rest on our cynical existences? Can we perhaps, take time
out to examine our motives for our being at this University or at any
institution which presumes its existence as a citadel for learning.
Learning? Learning? Newly acquired schemas of thought?!??!
Learning?

DISENCHANTED FACTlON

There has been noted that a faction in the University is
disenchanted with the University. Perhaps, not a very profound
observation. But the ASP editors have recognized this disenchanted
group. Maybe, then it has some signiﬁcance. The editorial cites a need
for “relevant” education for all the factions in the University. Can
someone define relevant education? If we continue without such a
definition perhaps we can ask the students what they expect to derive
from this University. And then maybe they don’t know. The editorial
called for action on the matter of relativity. There are very definite
reasons for which such action may never materialize. Maybe the
studean are not interested in examining themselves. And then maybe
they ﬁnd no outlet for communication (that nasty word keeps coming
back). A meeting has been announced for Monday to discuss the
improvement of learning at Albany State. Now, realize that Monday is
Monday and if this meeting is like most non-social functions on
campus this meeting will be just another meeting. Are there any
students that feel that this meeting is of some essential importance to
the environment of "Learning"? Monday willjust be Monday.

MONDAY -— CONFRONTATION ?

We of the rebellious generation find ourselves in protest against that
war. What have we done to end the war? Some, a considerable
amount-ending the war is important. But we are firstly students and
secondly enders of war and all the rest. Remember last month when
our .souls were satisfied by our twenty-four hour expression of
distaste. Momentous... for twenty-four hours our daily routines were
apprehended and reminded again of the ugly war. On Thursday,
October 16, life continued. But today we are speaking of relevant
teaming and how we might seize ourselves and confront the University
with this topic. Will the University be confronted on Monday?

A MORATORIUM?

Perhaps some will be critical of any real affect on the University by
Monday’s meeting. Perhaps... a moratorium to discuss (Or can we use
that word-communicate) and explicate the REALITY of individuals in
the University. A moratorium, a threeday moratorium in the near
future is what we are proposing. But is there any reason as to why we
cannot start immediately? Does anyone feel relevant? A three day

moratorium run all routine... reaction?

BY KEVIN .I. McGIRR

11¢ adnrxrsf'dwﬁi

  

Friday. November 7. l969

   

duh.

  
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

