.» Agﬁwwﬁw—y'

. ..’, .n.

PAGE 8-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, Hover-I21, race

The swirling tear 905 secured to

Continued from page 5

of the National Archives building on Constitution
Avenue.

M-Saturday was a day of spiritual celibacy in
which one leaned back to enjoy (skeptically) the
animal warmth of the lava-crowd, which, in its
mood, was much akin to Falstaff in jolly-good
humor at Eastcheap. The marchers were a motley
crew—some walked with crutches, some with casts,
some march‘ed with crosses, many with signs:
“Librarians for Peace,” “Veterans For Peace,"
“Delaware Snobs for Peace," et. a]. One particularly
intriguing sign on the back of a student said
portentously: MR , NIXON: WILL THE SWEAT OF
YOURSOUL WASH THE BLOOD FROM YOUR
HANDS?

A young female hippie had a stall set up in the
middle of the mall, advertised by her as the
following: “Sex is free—but here it costs a dollar
twenty-three." No free love, not even in the Age of

I Arqua‘rius. “Fuck you," said the reporter to the girl.

0, you fuck me" replied the miss with a
malevolent titter. Fortunately the reporter was still
feeling too insipid from the bourbon to be
thoroughly insulted. All in a day's work.

Anyway, back to the panorama of signs on the
mall and one gets the feeling very quickly that
moratoc‘rms are forums for the vantilation of every
view on the political spectrum-~leninists,
Trotskyites, Socialists; SDSers, YAFers, liberals,
conservatives—a whole raft of ludicrous political
twitches from the innards of altogether apolitical
consciousnesses.

Over on Pennsylvania Avenue is a duck-in place
calledBamey‘s Restaurant, Washington's version of
Dewey's Diner, where we attended to our early'
afternoon ablutions and eating needs. 0n the way
there, we go’ a cycloramic view of the crowd on the
mall and it gave one a kind of joyous hope that
perhaps more people than you might think know
that there are a lot of assholes running the American
government. There was also a thrill in watching the
throngs wash down the avenues down the middle of
these wide boulevards where now there was no more
trafﬁc, no more neon signs winking their leering
commercial seduction, just happy people peacefully
enjoying the bizarre pleasure of walking along the
MIDDLE of a usually hot neurotic metropolitan
thoroughfare. For once the streets did belong to the
people. It was magniﬁcent.

At 4:15 pm. over to the Justice Dept. Building,
where late afternoon sunshine'shadows are falling
across that lonely and foredoomed, ludicrously
barricaded fortress which houses Attorney general
Mitchell's sniveling pettifoggery. The entire building
was surrounded by two cordons of police replete
with riot helmets, wooden truncheons, gas masks,
and tear gas cannisters.

About 4225 p.m. the great throng of Abraham's
seed, surging like the Mardi Gras, began its ﬁrst

circuit of the building, alternately chanting
"Ho-Ho-Ho Chi Minh, NLF is gonna win" and “1-2,
stop the trial, 3-4 stop the trial, 5-6 stop the trial,

WE KNOW HOW TO
Cover Your Bod
WITH

UNISEX FASHIONS

COME SEE OUR LINE OF:

bells

Wallace Beery shirts

leat

'iandlubberr
niaxi coats
é other nice things

25% OFF ON
Wl'.”l‘
JACKE’I‘S~-

’I‘IIROUGII NOV.

VII

PLA ZA SE VEN SHOPPING CENTER
'I‘RO Y-SCHD Y ROAD
LA THAM
785 -6 44 4

Daily 10:00-6:00
Thurs-Fri ‘ttl 9:00
SUNDAY 1:00-5:00

7-8 smash the state" (in reference to the Chicago 8
conspiracy trial.)

Halfway through the second circuit of the Justice

Dept., on the Pennsylvania Avenue side of the
building, came the ﬁrst dark smell of ensuing
trouble. The head of the phalanx broke into a
deadly run and for the first time during the
week-end the moratorium marshalls, who had held a
splendid liaison of control with Washington police,
now lost their grip. The marchers came to an abrupt
halt before the portals of the Justice Dept. on
Constitution Avenue and began a quasi-storming of
the structure. Things at this point had not gone too
far but the n: irshalls had sounded the alarums and
the air was electric with foreboding. Some of us
were wishing with Falstaff: “I wish ‘twere bedtime,
Hal, and all well."

Meanwhile the reporter had gotten himself down
to the left end of the building near the entrance to
the Attorney General’s ofﬁce. Suddenly, incredibly,
unspeakably, live male students materialized around
the ﬂagpole near the portal and the American ﬂag
was Lil its way down to provocation Number One.
By some grotesque prestidigitation, .1 VC ﬂag was
produced and now the Flagpole—Five got into a
cufﬂe amongst themselves over whether or not the
VC ﬂag would indeed by ﬂown. (All the while, CBS
news is ﬁlming the incident, the three cameramen
goggle-eyed anxious to get the whole sequence.) It
was. Behind him now, the reporter heard someone
mutter ominously “Oh my God, No. " Now a dozen
D.C. police came ﬂocking to the area and the
F Iagpole-Five quickly dispersed. The police
retrieved the Stars and Stripes and restored it to its
former position. Two demonstrators stepped
forward and hurled a rock and a bottle, breaking
one window, yet the police did nothing in
retaliation; but the gossamers of peaceful
demonstration were now broken.

Now the reporter moved on down to the other
end of the dept. building and stood near the front
portal between the two cordons of police.

Bottles and sticks began to ‘ .- tossed. Windows
shattered ominously, one by one, on the Justice
Department. The police held their groundbut still
took no retaliatory action. The pelting began to
mount with ever-increasing petulance of mood. Now
verbal abuse was in the wind, too, completely
uncalled for. (Remember now, these are a very few
causing the trouble, not more than 30 or 40 in
number.) “Fuck you pigs" and “You cocksucker
robots" and the like came forth from the mouths of
babes. The police did nothing until the raft of
hurled missiles began to grow to cacophony. IEven
then they crouched non-committally before the
onslaught as the Dirty Thirty jeered them on to
provocation. The reporter himself was struck by
coke- bottle and stick. It was positively
heartbreaking to see the police, who had been
magniﬁcently ﬁrm and gentle and polite the entire
weekend, repaid in this .fashion. One suffered
megaguilt for these troublemakers. Finally the
police did only what they could do.

.. ---hachberg

A6247 in the afternoon, the ﬁrst tear gas cannister was shot off.
The few troublemakers had succeeded in despoiling the peaceful
march of the many. The despair and desolation and outrage of Friday
returned in crimson fashion. Now the crowd of 5000 undulated
heavily like a great worm, then swept and broke towards 7th Avenue.

In an instant all had become uproar. The last of reality one saw
before being swept off into the smoking moiling madness were two
great red stains of the Justice Department walls and a sign that read,
THIS BUILDING CONDEMNED.

Out into the purple chaos of the gathering dusk, tear ga ent the
Washiﬂton wind again and again, an American flag was pulled down
from the right-hand ﬂagpole of the Justice Dept., the 20-foot long
gavel constructed by Chicago-8 protesters was in raving ﬂames in the
middle of 7th Avenue amid the acrid, bilious mauvecerise smoke of
the tear gas, two trees were on ﬁre in the park across the street from
the National Archives, somewhere a mad discordant not had been
struck as if in some Stravinskian limbo, marshalls were shouting
“Walk, people, Walk" as the throng turned its head like Scylla and
rent a gash in itself to relieve the awful suffocation of the tear gas,
there were more shouts of “don't rub your eyes," “walk, people,
walk, please don‘t run," “I can't breathe, I can’t breathe," “someone
please help me, I'm dying," people going all to pieces in a mad exodus
without destination, choking, coughing, screaming, sneezing,
vomiting, fainting dead away, falling down, getting up, falling down
again, running stupidly, absentmindedly, blindly into immovable
objects (like the Justice Dept. building), men yelling "medic, medic!"
and “Oh my God," other men picking up tear gas bombs and hurling
them back into the police cordons, then hurling cherry bombs, sirens
going, bullhorns bellowing, sounds of explosi-ns, people leaving their
shoes behind in the November-dry-brown-toasted grass, dropping their
signs and placards and ﬂags, running they knew not where, gasping,
heaving, wretching uncontrollably, begging for water and air in this
King Lear of Tear Gas.

Amid all this bumbolt and yellow stink of confrontation one
realized starkly why one call] Tricky Dic Oedipus Nixon. The swirling
tear gas seemed to chant the opening lines in James Joyce's A Portrait
of the Artist an a Young Man:

 

 

Ft/A/A/V rat/kc A GIRL 
once A Mat/m VOUFE'EL t/KEA

301.13%”!

You're not as mini as usual? It's only temporary,
you know. A monthly problem. But who cares when
you have that puffy, bloated, "Oh, I’m so for feeling"?
TRENDAR, that's who. TRENDAR'LL help keep you
slim as you are all month long. Its modern diuretic
(water-reducing) action controls temporary prev 1-
strual weight gain. (That can be up to 7 pounds!) Starr
he, raking TRENDAR If to 7 days before that time. It’ll help
make you look better and feel better.

TRENDM../TW$ you $1.40 700/1194 0le

Pull out his eyes,
Apologize,
Apologize

Pull out his eyes.

Apologize

Pull out his eyes.

Wcll Mr. Nixon, wc rcfusc lo
scc things your way, since to do
so is to see nothing at all. You
may pull out our eyes with tcar
gas. but we will not serve your
mcgalomnuia for popularity. “’1'
will not apologize, we will not
serve, we will not sell the image of
an ingrntialing Uriah Heep to thc
Heartland of America. Let your
hubris serve you Oedipus, if it

 

 

 

LOOK

 

 

ROLLING STONES

in Concert at that.lizarri...in.
Boston Gardens

Tickets available Call 457-8108

will. We have Apollo‘s eyes.

And so, emotionally, the
moratorium cndcd as il had
begun. We came to Washington in

spnir and we left it ill despair.
th only where lhcrc is despair is

after the Justice Dc )artmcnt
melcc lohl the they won d rclurn
for another moratorium without
bitterness. ()nc hopes so. "We yet
only win, the others are so stu aid.
lleitvcn help us when we to."
Kyrle Elcison.

 

 

monmovauj  [21,190

rue BLACK ENSEMBLE! will present he Worl

\

d premiere of William Wellington Mackey’s “Family

Meeting" on Saturday and Sunday, November 22 and 23 at 2:30 and 8:30 . . '
Admission is $1.00 with Student m, $1.50 without. P m m the Arm Them’ PAC'

---rosen berg

 

Jefferson Airplane delights

O
with
by Ray Katz

Danny Kalb‘s new Blues Project
is pulled out of the depths of
obscurity and into the category of
professionalism only by '
ability, and his ability alone. Asa
blues group, and this was their
announced aim at the concert,
they fall short vocally and in the
way of presenting something new.
As a rock group they lacked the
decent vocals and intensity to
really qualify as good. And, as a
progressive jazz band, or at least a
group who showed heavy modern
jazz inﬂuence, they weren‘t able
to mesh together, successfully,
these two strands of music,
progressive rock and progressive
jazz.

The last time I saw the
Jefferson Airplane was in Central
Park this summer with Santana,
giving a free Sunday afternoon
concert. At that tme I thought
that they could never be better. I
was wrong. Wednesday night, for
better than two and a half hours,
they were great. Slick, Balin, &
company put on a tremendous
show.

The group did everything the
crowd wanted to hear. They
played old tuncs, such as “White
Rabbit," or “Crown ol'(‘rcation.“
They did a lot off the
VOLUNTEERS album, including
the song by the same name. They
played sortie new tunes by Balin
or Slick or Kanlncr. did sonic
Donovan and Crosby, Stills and
Nash, and jammed a lot. A liltlc
over two and a half hours later,
they lcfl in from of a screaming

crowd.

The Airplane is the epitome of
the San Francisco sound, when
it’s good. They have always had
something over their colleagues
out on the west coast; they
recorded only when they were
ready. When the nation ran out
west, screaming to hear these new
groups with the “San Francisco
Sound," many got caught up in
this hysteria and recorded before
they were ready, or went on
nation-wide tours before being
musically together.

The Airplane lived up to its
fame. It‘s moved along rapidly,
each album better than the last
one, each concert performance an
experience in itself.

Jorma Kaukonen is an
accomplished instrumentalist.
Aside froru the quickness of his
hands, he is one of the ruorc
tasteful guitarists today.
Kaukoncn is a living emphasis to
the poinl that, if you don‘t know
where to put what notes and
when to put them there, it just
doesn’t matter how fast they get
there. Next to George Harrison,
Jormn Kaukonen is best in this
respccl.

l have always enjoyed the
Airplanc's bass playing. Jack
(‘asady is a ﬁne musician and
good musical mind to have
around. Ilc‘s as rare today as a
unicorn.

I could write it lot more about
the group‘s instrumcnlal abilities,
bul it‘s sufficient just to recognize
lltal while each is, at worst, more
than adequate at his I‘cspcctivc

 

Fri. Nov. 21

 

Alpha Pi Alpha
hosts Happy Hour
at Kapps

folk entertainment
rock ’n roll band

3 .50 admission
$1.00 pitcher
of beer
$1.50 drinks

3:30—6:30

 

 

“clenched fist music”

instrument, their particular
excellence lies in their ability to
mold together into a group sound.

Vocally, the group is
tremendous. Marty Balin and
Gracie Slick have voices with the
same tone, perfect to complement
each other. The voices function as
more than that; they add two
more instruments to the group.
To say more of them would be
superﬂuous.

Wednesday night Jefferson
Airplane put on a great concert.
But it was more than that. It was
a lesson for many people, a lesson
in how a great musical group
should sound. And a lesson I hope
most people have learned.

[AGE 9

 

 

0N FILM‘ ;.

bymicbaelnolhunddlmﬂey

 

 

When I AM CURIOUS
(YELLOW) was first ready for
release, no one realized that it was
going to be such a hu e ﬁnancial
success. Its producers rgured that
they had made a typical
low-budget Swedish sex thriller
and expected to realize a
moderate amount on its American
release.

The only untypicai thing about
CURIOUS was the fact that for
the ﬁrst time male and female
genitals would be viewed in
close-up in a commcrical film.
.This was viewed as a selling factor
but no one imagined that such
“photogenic” object would create
such a fervor. After all, the
Catholic Legion of Decency was
now dead and ﬁlms with far less
story and much more flein were
being ﬂashed across American
screens all the time.

Yet, strange as it may seem
CURIOUS offended some people,
notably a couple of “matronly”
judges in Boston. The old tag
“Banned in Boston" was
revitalized and suddenly everyone
wanted to see it (which just goes
to show that the old axiom “bad
publicity is better than none" and
in the case of films I might add
better than good is true). In the
meantime, the ﬁlm's lawyers
swung in to action and eventually
won an appeal in the Supreme
Court. The guardians ofAmerican
justice had decided that this ﬁlm
was a meritus work ofArt.

Suddenly with the ﬁlm now
widely available it became a
tremendous box-ofﬁce success.
Instead of playing third-rate
theaters, it was now being
“roadshowed” in all the
fashionable moviehouses. People
from all walks of life, from Jackie
Onassis to bowery bums, were
attending it. Even I, cynic that I
am, was sucked in.

The trouble with I AM

CURIOUS (YELLOW) other than
being bad is that it makes more
than a pretense to having a story.
If one takes the time to weed it
out (although I don't know why
one should want to) he would
come up with a conglomeration
about an aging ﬁlmmaker who
casts his young mistress opposite a
handsome young Swede actor.
The results are very predictable
and of course it was a stupid thing
for him to do.

To make it still more confusing
the girl is a fanatical Socialist. She
is forever running around with a
microphone trying to get people
to say how awful the class system
is in Sweden. (Of course these
interview scenes are shot with a
hand-held camera in a crowded
subway to give the aura of
realism).

As a matter of fact the ﬁrst half
of the ﬁlm (again i use the word
loosely) is devoted to this kind of
theatrics withom the slightest
hint at ﬂesh. (Already the
audience is growing restless,
suspecting that they have been
taken in). Eventually the fleshy
sequences come (no pun
intended), pubic hairs and all, but
when the girl ﬁrst disrobes one
wishes she hadn't. (U-G-L-YHII .

Of course now the audience is
quite uneasy, but it has to get
better. It doesn‘t. The sex scenes
we‘ve all been waiting for come
and go; the handsome Swede
never has an erection but he balls
her first time, every time, from
every conceivable position, and
everyone is really terribly bored

After seeing CURlOUS
(YELLOW), a good case can be
made for censorship, not because
the sex scenes are distasteful,
which they are, but simply
because it offers nothing to the
worlds of art or entertainment
and is, in a manner ofspeaking, an
out and out fraud.

"1 know the we me
With my eyes closed.”

Then you know the way too well.

Because doan an old lnrmhar roulo can make you
drowsy, oven If you‘ve had plenty of sleep.

If that happens on your way home

for Thnnksgrvrng, pull over, take a brook
and take two NoDoz". ll'll help you (.lIIVO home

@1909 Drillnl-Mylrl Ca.

With your eyes open.

NoDoz. NQ car should be wrthout il.

 

