‘ mgr

 

.i'
l.
ti
lt’ ’
.3}
i
l

.. .4 ... my)“,

W4»

    
   

efﬁgy-W " ‘ y.

t!

.33.:

 

I
i

I

it was a mass outpouring of humanity on the streets of
Washington—the largest demonstration in the nation’s history.

An old lady close to seventy wnved peace signs and held hands with
the dirtiest freak you ever saw. A Califomisn wife of a dying GI,
nunutes before desperate and without money, found herself racing to
catch the next ﬂight home. So many thousands marched against death
that the dead were “buried” twice. money, food, ears, blankets, hotel
rooms, gloves water, radios—all became common property.

Against the necessity for war
Against the marshalling of life
Against the devastation of human spirit.

They came from ﬁfty states propelled by an urge to end the
tragedy of killing and burning villages and “accidentally” maiming
peasants and perverting the world. They came with thousands of
ideologies and thousands of different expectations and a rather
tenuous hope—that their being there would somehow put a stop to a
miserable war.

Tragedy should be a lesson, not a way oflife.
They came, too, with some frustration.
Ho Ho Ho Chi Minh
The NLF is gonna win

Ho Ho Ho Chi Minh
The NLF is gonna win.

Why do your warships sail on my seas'.’
Why do your death bombs fall from my skies?
Why do you bunt my cities and towns down?

I’ve got to know why. friend,
We got to know why.
Free D.C.! Free D.C.! Free D.(‘.! Free D.(‘.! Free D.C

All we are saying is give peace a chance
All we are saying is give peace a chance

 

‘Last week we had the strangest dream...’

 

II

The god-damn pigs dumped more gas than they needed to kill us!

There is no way all of you mll get on this march. Our permit time is

running oul. Please turn and walk down the mall to the monument.

 

story by neill shuuahan

photos by hochberg. silver.
and rosenberg

Free liohhy Scale! l-‘m Bobby Scale! Free Bobby Scale!

llungry lips ask me ulterever 1 go
('omrades and friends are falling around me.
I‘ve got to know why, friends
We got to know why.

lfyou eau‘t dig the new world then get out of the old.
For the times they art-.1 changin--

“There‘s a medic slanon three blocks up. Please
only those who are most seriously hurt go. We are
running out of Walt]. If you are not hurt too
badly. please move on your way."

“if Spiro Agnew were .tS dumb as he makes himself
out to be. he couldn‘t walk and chew gum al the
same time."

Will all missing pcnons please report to the
football field!

Peace now! Peace now! Peace now! Peace now!
Peace now! Peace now! Peace now! Peace now!

Yet in many ways it was like going to church. it
was necessary but isolated. One sensed that few
would hear, that ten-minute newsreels would
produce so such transformation.

The Attorney General was gassed and thought
Student MOBE responsible. Richard Nixon went to
the Cowboy-Skins football game the next day. By
Thursday rlittle mention of the demonstration in
the media. Only the charges and countereharges. It
happened already. And the speeches did not create
history. Speeches confirm or momentarily excite.
They are given on an occasion—never -create
occasion.

 

 

mom, um: 21. 1.9.9

 

III

There remains just that—the occasion, the
material conditions, the point in history in which
we find ourselves, the juxtaposition of many
forces, rooted deep in history. some
complimentary, some contradictory, many
powerfully gripping the minds of men.

Rallies end. Conditions remain—at best slightly
altered.

Conditions of tragedy and injustice and tyranny
made such a trememdous outpouring necessary,
inevitable. beautiful. We had to go to Washington.
But. more importantly. those conditions created
reactions In themselves the feelings and ideologies
and gut drives underlying the Ittareh—rfeelings that
enter the dialectical world of political and social
and economic power-play reality.

Feelings. defined, displayed and strengtltencd on
November [5 go further in time and effect.

ancntum.
Momentum.
Momentum.
Momentum.

In which alone. lies their power. In which, alone.
lies hope. For gestures of sharing, dancing and
pounding the lawn and cuddling up closely against
the cold and holding hands and smiling with total
strangers and aged ladies and freaks talking and
walking together and open handed giving all
become distinct possibilities.

despite the Attorney general
despite the football games.

 

 

 

