an 1

a... - A as,“ AAAvw-

5,...

_ “‘4‘: ﬂ

,__- ...n KN.

.~.—....u_.—,- >.... A,» - .. - .c

I .._.. \Msw..w.~..cm “ramps”

 

 
   

It was Washington

rum,iaos,..ronras am no
Anni-tar is...Mayee Seam ,
, SEE'I'HA'I’ smart. “me
let" Wm THEDEAD....1JUST

Wow, look at that—every building is important! So, it was
Washington? I’m so cold! It was cold prison bars, Get down, get
down, we can’t see! So? Who could? Peace! When? Now! How?

We looked around alot and saw alot of Stone white buildings and
palefaees and blue on top of the turrets, at ready to do their lawful
thing in case peace made a too profound impression. There wasn't
really much to throw our bodies into action or think about or react
to. Too bad—it was so cold! Perhaps if we had been more humane to
each other we could have been warmer. What did the Big Ones For
Peace say? McCarthy, Mailer, Kennedy. If they said anything it was
empty or wrong. What’s the use? The president changes his mind
when the silent majority changes it for him. But if they’re so silent
how does he know what they want? Perhaps they still want war!
Maybe they don’t want this war but those closed mouthed people
will, as surely as you breathe, want the next one and the one after

that ‘til you breathe no longer.

But that’s OK. I mean, everyone would much rather be free in

death than live in it, right?

Editorial Applications

The current editors of the ASP are opening applications for the
position of editor-in-chief to all upper division students at the
seniors and graduate students may apply).
Applications should be submitted, do the ASP editors, to the Campus
Center Information Desk. They should include the nature of prevrous

University (only juniors,

experience with any publication, reasons for interest in the position,
ideas for improvement of the ASP. Applicants Will be notified for
interviews. No applications will be accepted after November 26.

COMMUNICATIONS

Black Educators’ role
To the Editors:

In light of recent events effecting the Albany
Black Community we would like to state, clearly
and succinctly our role as faculty members on the
Department of Afro-American Studies. I .

First, being Black educators, we are inextricably
tied and committed to ﬁnding solutions for any and
all problems affecting Black communities: This
intent is clearly stated in the “purpose” section 3f
our departmental brochure...we strive to provtde a
deﬁnitive study of urban affairs," and attempt to
gear “courses to help meet the specific needs and
problems of our urban communities." ‘

Given this premise it is logical that our combined
talents have been and will always be available for
u. tilization by concerned members of any Black
community on any problem affecting the lives and
destinies of our people.

We recognize that along this road there has been
and will be various so-called "political" obstacles
placed in the way of committed and intelligent
problem-solving attempts. '

We will in no way be deterred by either overt or
covert measures of repression. Rather, we stand
united and determined to combat all forms of racial
oppression whether they be in Albany or wherever
Black people are victimized.

Committee on Communications & Community Relations.

Department of Afro-American Studies

Stringer vs. ASP

To the Editors:

Re: the article in the November Mth ASP.
“Knight vs. Stringer." I should like to clarify what
seems to have been a gross misconception regarding
my position.

First of 'll, if it was by YOUR standards that l
was "on the defensive." i must thank you, for 
must then conclude that my attack was effective. ll,
however, one is “on the defensive" by answering the
questions of the audience, then I must admit that
you are right, and further, that I sort of ex vected
that kind of interpretation from the ASP. l id not
view it that way.

Secondly, if you had chosen to listen, you would
have heard me repeatedly disclaim andy
“conservative” labe. But, as Professor Knight told
me during the rebuttal, "We're not going to type
you anyway!" So I cannot say i didn t expect it. I
do still refuse to accept it, though. I ‘

Thirdly, l'iii sure the ASP would like to think
that I used it as a justification for my comments,
but this is simply not the case. Much asl hate to
deﬂate your collective cgc, my comments were NOT
in reaction to your (I emphasize YOUR) newspaper.
It WAS in reaction to those who refuse to reality, or
who, posturing as “concerned liberals" or ‘ militant
pacifists" seek to destroy everything this country
stands for just as surely as any avowed communist,
revolutionary, or (I'm sorry .I Cill’ll take credit for
this term) “neo-Che Guevara-ates.

Fourthly, I did not qualify my statement about
our foreign policy.

Fifthiy, your treatment of the argument on the
power of the ballot is remarkable. However, I would
strongly suggest that in the future, if you intend to
take MY quotations out of context, thus fitting
them to your own interpretation of the issue, you
do so on the editorial page. not in a “report” of an
event.

Finally, the “like it or leave it" attitude was not
MY “ploy” but was the advice given me by those
who defended the appropriation of money for the
trip to Washington before the Supreme Court last
month. At that time, I was informed that l was not
being forced to attend SUNYA, and that ifl didn’t
LIKE the way my student tax money was being
used, l could LEAVE. Obviously, some people argue
about as consistently as they hold a set of
principles.

try to maintain consistent principles and
consistent arguments. Therefore, I shall leave you
with this: lfl thought for one second, that the
majority of those 100 students in the audience were
my peers, I would NOT have spoken to them in the
manner in which I did. It should be quite evident
therefore, that I did NOT consider them my peers,
and, to paraphrase Bertrand Russell, beyond that l
have nothing more to say.

Kenneth T. Stringer, Jr.
F acuity-Follies

To the Editors,

Once again the students have been screwed by the
faculty-admiiiistration axis. A

Last monday, another session of the faculty
follies was acted out. The first momentous issue
before the group was the raising of library fines for
students. After lengthy debate (lSminutes), these
new rates were approved: from 2 to 50 cents a day,
and $l.00 an hour for reserved hooks. Will this
prevent the tardiness of the return of books, or will
it make stealing of material more proﬁtable? The
head of the library council side-steped these
questions, between yawns,

The vote was 4l for, 22 against. Where were your
thirty-three senators; how did they vote, Mr.
Mathias?

Number two for the afternoon was a bill to
change the regulations of the faculty’s tenure,
salaries and titles. Big deal. Some more dead-wood is
all we need on our faculty, right? After 25 minutes
of heated debate that nearly reached the point of
complete boredom, the motion was tabled for
further inaction.

Throughout the meeting, many of the
non-student Senators, (those that bothered coining),
showed complete apathy towards their jobs. The
recurring pattern is one in which the faculty will
pass any bill that comes out of a committee, and kill
any bill brought up directly on the ﬂoor. Most
studiiet senators wish to study the bills affecting our
constituents, but few members of the governing
bloc will grant us the time. The obvious answer is to
get them out of the Senate COMPLETELY.

m3“ 1'“: WING WAD STARTED
EARuett....ﬂtErt my»

I NWT En—m...»
TIIAT'SMLWTIORT'SAL...

\' \
\\..\\r.

 
 
 
  
  
    

Proportional representation is needed for an
effective University government.

Your Senators need your help, in this and other
issues. Contact some of us, let us work for you.

Jack L. Schwartz
4620536

Lucky day!
To the Editors,

Friday, November 7, was an extremely lucky day
for some student at this University—he found over
$100 just lying around in the gym. Where was this
money lying—in students’ wallets, in University
lockers!

It is natural to ask why these lockers weren't
locked— these students are asking the same
question. It seems the University is unable to
provide locks for all students—not surprising since
there are a limited number of locks for almost an
unlimited number of students.

Now we aren’t asking for 10,000 locks nor are we
asking for constant security police protection, but
we do feel that the University has some
responsibility towards its student body!

We again ask where our mandatory student tax
money is going—is it towards improving the gym?
Certainly this is pointless when they’ll be no
students there!

Sincerely,

John Lehrburger
Tom Hart

Saul Masbenberg
Ad lniinitum

 

P STAFF

_______________._t

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by SA.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 457-2190,2194.

Editors-ln-Chref
Jill Paznik & Ira Wolfman

News Editors . . , . . . . . . . . . Kathy Huseman
Anita ’I‘hayer
Assistant News Editors . , . . . . . . Nancy Duriin
Carol Hughes
Arts Editor . . . . , . . , . . . , .Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . .Daue Fink

Assistant Sports Editor . . . _ . . . . . . Mark Grand

Technical Editor . . , . . . . . . , . . . . .Pat O'Hern

Assistant Technical Editors . . . . . .’l‘mn Clingan

Linda Slaszalr
Photography Editor . . , . . . . . Andy Hochbcrg
Business Manager . . . . . . . . , . . . Chuck Ribak
Advertising Manager , . . . , . . . .Daniel Foxniun
Features Editor . . , . , . . . . . . . Barry Kirschner

determined by the EditorvlrrChlof,

 

 

[ The Editorial Policy of the Albany Student Pres ll

‘__.

 

ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS

 

is coming!!!

 

 

 

 

Vol. l.Vl No. l7

SUNYA governance .

State University of New York at Albany

now being evaluated

The complex, governing system
of this university is currently
being evaluated by a Committee
on University Governance which
will recommend changes which
could alter SUNYA‘s present
pattern of government.

Reactions of the university
community to the committee's
progress will he solicited at a
series of open meetings. Meetings
are scheduled for Tuesday.
Dcccmbcr 0. 1-5 pm. l.(' ll:
Tuesday. [)cccmbcr 0. 7“ pm.
l,(' 21: Tuesday. Deccmbcr to.
1-5 pm. Saylcs llilll lounge.

The Committee on l‘iiiicixiiy
(ioycrnuncc was appointed by the
lzxccutivc (‘onimittcc of lamb)
Senate.

All members of the University
community ut'c invited .iiid
encouraged to attend thc (IPL'Il
meetings. it would be bcncficial
to all conccincd for those
individuals or groups wishing to
present their views to prepare a
statement beforehand. Those who
wish to arrange a specific time for
discussing their ideas on university
government should contact
Professor M. Edelman, committee
chairman at 472-11297.

The committee has outlined a
set of working assumptions as a
framework for evaluating the
structures and mechanisms of
university government.

Assumptions

The general assumptions are as
follows:

. All members of the
University community should
have direct representation in the
all-University governing body
(cg-Senate).

2. Membership in the
University community is best seen
in tenns of three constituent
groups: students, faculty and
staff.

Students should be defined as
including all people taking course
work at this campus. Faculty
should be defined as including
teaching facility, non-teaching
faculty mid resource personnel,
mid administrative and managerial
personnel. Staff should be defined
as including office. maintenance
and operation and plant
management personnel.

3. The activities of
University-wide concern should be
see as embracing academic affairs,
research, educational resources,
educational planning and policies,
and institutional services and
programs.

All constituent groups have an
interest in these activities and
they therefore are properly the
concern of an all-Universin
governing body.

4. Students, faculty, and staff
should be encouraged to create
ilicir own structures foi handling
their own affair activities and
personnel policies.

5. When the activities described
ii 4 above impinge upon the
concerns reﬂected in 3 above, this
becomes a matter of potential
University-wide concern. The
all-University governing body may
therefore wish to set policy
guidelines.

(1. As a general working
principle, however the Committee
feels that policy should be
determined at the lowest possible
level in order to maximize full
participation.

Governance Agenda

The Committee on lllllVCHlly
(iovcrnaucc agenda includes. but
is not limited to the following
topics,

I. Apportioiiiiig of all groups
and councils to I’cllci't appropriate
constituencies and prinuicics of
Intcicsl.

I. The govctnancc of the
constituent groups with special
reference to the apparent lack of
by-laws for the Schools, Colleges.
and the graduate student body.

3. The relationships of the
various governance documents of
the constituent groups with
special attention to the locus of
authority and Ilic lcvcls of
decision making.

-I. The effect of the
administrative reorganization of
the University on its governance.

Student and faculty
representation or liaison to the
University Council.

o, Strident and faculty
participation in the larger matters
of educational policy (new
programs, schools, etc.) Lllltl
budget (priorities).

7, The adjudicating mechanisms
in University governance.

8. Provision for University-wide
referendums

9. The application of State
Education Law and State
University of New York Board of
Trustees Policies on contemplated
revisions to forms of University
governance.

Members of the Committee on
University governance are S,
Chesin, T. Mathias, R. Morris, W.
Perlmutter, R. Tibbetts, M.
Edelman, Chairman.

  

      
 
   

Friday. December
" i ’

5. l969
so

   

DISCUSSIONS at Wednesday night’s Mobe meeting centered on plans for December‘s moratbriiim.
Striking a prayerful pose is Mike Howard of the Philosophy Department.

---liochberg

Council in favor of football
and student participation

by Ken Stokeiii

in following up on inquiry into
the status of football here at the
University at Central Council‘5
last meeting (November 20),
Council last night passed a
position statement (22-1-2) that
contained “Recommendations for
the implementation of
Intercollegiate Football."

The bill, introduced by Norm
Rich and proposed by Rick
Friedlandcr and Toni LaBarbera,
reaffirmed Council’s endorsement
of the University Athletic Council
Report of May, 1068, which
recommended the initiation of
football at the earliest possible
date.

it further endorsed the idea
that the University set a priority
in the hiring of an additional
Physical Education instructor
capable of coaching a football
team. Norm Rich stated the
assumption that the hiring of a

'iix—r ii” i  ‘.
{I ' -

PRESENCE SIGNED IN SNOW, SUNLIGH'I’ FADES T0 ABSENCE.

 

---potrk oweki

coach would enable football to
become a reality.

Mike Lanipert, however,
questioned the priority ofhiring a
coach at the expense of the
academic portion of the
University. He emphasized this by
pointing out that only a limited
number of position- will be ﬁlled
next year, and that many sections
already closed in Registration
further emphasizes his statement.

In rebuttal it was pointed out

that the coach would also fill the
much-needed position of another
PE instructor.

In a final comment Dick Wesley
questioned whether or not the
University had the people
available who were willing to play
football. Friedlandcr informed
him that Doctor Werner
(Chairman of the PE Department)
had assured him that a team could
be developed in much the same

Continued on page 7

Group seeks to save
earth from humans

by Bob Holmes
“What have they done to the earth?
What have they done to our fair sister?
Ravaged and plundered and ripped her and bit her
Stuck her with knives in the side of the dawn
And tied her with fences and dragged her down."

In this excerpt from one of his works, James Morrison expresses
some rather strong emotions over the misuse of oureartli. lfyou agree
with him, you no longer need to sit home and worry about how long
it will be until you can no longer breathe the air or drink the water.

You can join PYE.

PYE (Preserve Your Environment) is a new organization on campus
whose goal is to unite people in the fight to save the world from the
rape of humanity. Professor John Scott. one of the organizers of the
group, stated that the aim of PYl‘I was to “make people aware of
environmental problems and take action." He stressed the point that
this is to be an action group community action to be more precise.

It is to be action such as that initiated by the originators of the
orgaiiimlion. They were a group of high school girls in Connecticut
who wanted to save the marshes on the south shore, which were being
ﬁlled in and destroyed. They brought this issue to the attention of the
community and invited legislators to come and visit the area. Their
efforts met with success a law was passed and the marshes were saved.
Hopefully this is the type ofcudcavor PYE will undertake.

At this time PYl" is in the early stages of developnienl at the
University. It is working mainly through the Environmental Forum—a
class conducted by Professors lsmay and Cowely, Buttons are being
sold to collect revenue and a push for members will be made at the
Governor's Conference for Voluntccrs held in New York City this

weekend,
On the national level PYE

will support the Teach-In on

environment, sponsored by Gaylord Nelson, to beheld in April 1970.
If you wish to obtain further infomiation please contact Professor
Cower or Professor lsmay cf the Art Department or Professor Scott

of Atmospheric Sciences.

Have you thanked a green plant lately?,The time has come for you'
to do something about your environment before it does something to

you.

 

 

 

 

