 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
     
   
  
   
    

 

     
       
 

       
        
      

PAGE (i

E

   
    
   

 

ColweIl-Winfield Blues Band.

THE BUTTERFIELD BLUES BAND headlines Friday evenings 'ulues Bad '69,’ which also features The

ALBANY swarm PRESS

SEPTEMBER 30, I969

 

 

Butterﬁeld, ColweIl-Winﬁeld

headliners at “Blues Bag

The Physical Education
Building will be the scene Friday
evening of 'Blucs Bag '69,’ a
concert by the Butterfield Blues
Band, which will also feature the
Colwzll -\Vinfield Blues Band.
Tickets for the event, which is
sponsored by Special Events
Board are on sale in the Campus
Center Lobby daily from 10 am.
to 3 p.m.. at $1.00 with tax card,
$3.00 without.

The Butterﬁeld Blues Band

Paul Buttcrfield describes his
music as ‘the blues overstated.‘
Among the critics, the
phrasemakers call it. ‘sound and
soul» where folk, blues, rock and
jazz unite.‘ But to a multiplying
cult of followers, it is the Chicago
blues. sprouting from the vast
South Side ghetto of that city and
now overwhelming the country
with its harsh, brutal, strident but
still strangely beautiful sounds.

'Tbey come on like a gang of
Mexican bandits taking over a
village in a cloud of victory dust'
wrote pop music critic Alfred C.
Aronowitz in The New York
Times, ‘their instruments swinging
jauntily in the style of
trigger-happy badmen while they
walk around the bandstand
rearranging the microphones and
the amplifiicrs with all the care of
someone kicking dogs out of the
way.

‘ .They rule the stage not
only with the selfvassuranCc that
they are the stars of the show. but
also with the confidence that
there is nobody doing what
they’re doing better than they.‘

By 1965, the Butterfield legend
had become so strong that the
Newport Folk Festival relaxed its
ban on electronic instruments to
invite Paul’s group. In the British
paper, The New Musical Express,
jazz critic Nat l'lentoff found it

Pad“?
scrousnc
FRAliRNAt
suntan

saint
continua

CAPITOL PRESS
PRINTERS

. ’5’!!! Central Ave. Albany
Telephone HE 4:?703

 

 

neCessary to write that Paul would
be ‘the biggest star since Bob
Dylan.‘

Today, Paul, with two albums
on the market, has rearranged the
personnel of his band so that it
includes a brass section and
almost a totally new group of
musicians. The only surviving
member of the original band is
Elvin Bishop. At the organ is Mark
Naftalin, who used to sit in with
Paul and Elvin at the University of
Chicago, but who didn't join the
band until its first recording
session. Mark is one of the
pioneers in the use of two
keybourds at one time during
living performances, also playing
an electric piano which sits on top
of his organ.

On the bass is Charles (Bugsy)
Maugh, one of those old-time rock
and roll bass players whose legend
encompasses every sleepy
one-night stand that America's
road has to offer. On the drums is
Philip Wilson, who started beating
out rhythms on currugatcd boXes
before he was five and who now is
recognized as one of the most
outstanding jazz-blues virtuosos in
the percussion business.

Charles Gene Dinwiddie, who
learned how to play his
instrument because he won it in a
crap game, is at the tenor sax.
Keith Johnson. who used to sleep
in the park so he could save his
money to get into Birdland, plays
trumpet. DaVe Sanborn, who used
to win jazz awards while studying
classical music in college, is at the
alto sax.

Paul Butterfield wears a Viva
Zapata mustache now, he writes
much of his own material and he
has emphasized the back beat of
his sound to satisfy the
contemporary demands of the
pop music audience. Ile also has
moved his home from Chicage to
San Francisco.

But Chicago sticks to you like
the icy sheets on that eity's
Iuikeshore Drive. Essentially, Paul
and his band still play the blues,
Chicago style. It is a style that is
now beng copied throughout
America.

Colwell - Winﬁeld lllues Band

The Colwcll-Winfield Blues
Band consists of Bill Colwcll on

NOTICE

All men interested in
auditioning for Statesman, the
'all-male chorus, directed by
Karl A. ll. Petersen, should
report to I’AC ltoom BA7H,
-'I‘hursday at'l p.m.

 

 

 

 

’69”
guitar; Mike Winfield on bass;
Collin Tilton on tenor sax and
flute; Jack Schroer on alto, tenor
and soprano saxs', Chuck Purro on
drums and Charles ‘Moose‘
Sorrento on vocals and piano.
These six who had separately been
playing the rhythm and blues
circuit in the Boston area, got fed
up with the ‘Knock on Wood‘
syndrome and decided to try
making it in a different bag.

Now, after a year of playing,
experimenting, learning and
growing together, the
Colwell—Winfield Blues Band
created its first album, ‘Cold Wind
Blues‘ - on the Verve/Forecast
label.

Now here you shouldn’t be
misled by the name of the album
or the name of the group. The
Colwell-Winfield Blues Band is not
only a blues band and ‘Cold Wind
Blues‘ is not only a blues album.
They play blues - but it‘s
break form blues; it‘s blues
bursting at its seams to be
something else. They play jazz -
beautiful, imaginative jazz which
flows in and out of all their
material. They play what Mike
Winfield calls ‘modern American
music‘ - a bit of all musical pasts,
presents, and futures, the final
result being Chicago blues with a
Charlie Mingus flavor and the
distinct Colwill-Winfield Blues
Band approach.

Buffalo Philharmonic

draws

by Iris Sobel

A welcome relief from the
academic pangs and pressures
imposed upon Albany State
students was received by all those
who attended the performances of
the Buffalo Philharmonic
Orchestra on Wednesday and
Thursday nights, September 24
and 25. Due to a previous
commitment, I was unable to
attend the Wednesday night
performance, but if Thursday
night‘s performance was indicative
of Wednesday night’s, both rate a
high acclaim.

Standing Room Only

“Surprisingly,” a standing room
only crowd was packed into the
new auditorium theater in
anticipation of what was to be an
exciting and unique performance.
As the musicians began to take
their respective places, I noticed
the presence of many women
musicians which is unusual for
most Philharmonic Orchestras.

As the house lights dimmed and
the noise subsided, we eagerly
awaited the appearance of the
conductor, Lukas Foss. Mr. Foss'
entrance was greeted with
applause and audience comment
due to his unconventional
conductor's attire. Instead of the
usual conservative dark suit and
white shirt worn by a conductor,
Mr. Foss was wearing a totally
black outfit including black velvet
pants and a blackMandarin-necked
shirt. This might have been Mr.
Foss' way of preparing the
audience for what was to follow.

With the fall of the baton, the
first piece began. This was entitled
“Symphony No. 2" by Lejaren
Hitler, Mr. Hitler is on the music
faculty of the State University of
New York at Buffalo, and is also
coAdirector of the Center for the
Creative and Performing Arts in
Buffalo. “Symphony No. 2"
generated a lot of excitement
through its sudden changes in
dynamics and its striking use of
percussion instruments.

"Scherzo" Delights Audience

I found the third movement,
the “Scherzo,” to be the most
interesting section of this
four-movement work, because of
its unusual structure. This section,
written in Mi time, was repeated
over and over again. With each
subsequent repetition the scherzo
became shorter and shorter as its
even-numbered bars were
eliminated. In its final repetition
only one bar-the first, remained
to be played. Although another

Mantovani’s Orchestra

to be

Mantovani and His Concert
Orchestra, returning for their
twelfth tour of the United States,
will be heard in concert at the ItPI
Field House on Friday, October
Ilril at 8:30 p.m. Mantovani will
offer a program consisting of
operatic selections, old and new
musical favorites and number of
his own compositions.

Some of the better-known
pieces appearing on the progiam
for Friday night's concert are:
“Love ls Blue," “Climb L‘vcry
Mountain," “If I Were a Rich
Man,“ “Those Were the Days"
and twu Strauss waltzes,

The personal appearances of
Mantovani and His Orchestra haVi-
been constant sellouts In the
largest halls in the United States
aml Canada during his past twelve
tours. He has played every large
UniVersity and College in the
United States and for many of
them as for ltl’l, be has become
an annual must. In his previous

heard at RPI

tours, he has given concerts to
better than two and a half million
devotees of his music.

Mantovani‘s Orchestra is
normally composed of 28 strings,
IH violins, four Violas, four cellos
and two basses, l‘l brass and
wood-winds, one percussion and
two special instruments: guitar
and accordion.

The celebrated Mantovani
string effects have been described
as cascading violins, tumbling
strings, Niagaia Falls of fiddles.

Mantovan's sensational success
comes not only from his
fascinating sound but from his
personality as a conductor. He has
about him something of the
nervous air of a thoroughbred
waiting to be off and running, as
Well as a quiet wit and a
self~possessed charm.

()n being congratulated on his
sensational success, Mantovani
said, in all modesty, “But then, I
have fith class lads playing for
me."

SRO crowd

movement was yet to come, the
audience enthusiastically broke
out into a round of applause as
the “Scherzo” ended.

Chadabe's “Sweep” Confusing

“Sweep” was definitely an
out-of-tbe-ordinary piece. It
consisted of one large gesture of
sound which was repeated in
various ways until another sound
began. Its rhythm, rather than
being oriented to a beat, was just
a “rhythm of duration." The
piece in itself has no definite
length because of its nature. The
length is determined by the taste
and feelings of the conductor.

The audience seemed to be
thrown into a state of confusion
by the piece. No one seemed sure
about what they were listening to.
Very few of us were able to get
caught up in this very strange
sounding music which we really
were not used to hearing. In
addition, the constant chatter
amongst the musicians on stage
during the piece became very
distracting. I can only call Mr.
Chadabe's pieCe an experience.

“Bolero” Delights Crowd

The final work to be performed
Thursday night was “Bolero” by
Maurice Ravel. This was thc
highlight of the evening and the
piece that all of us were waiting
for. Everyone began to smile as
the familiar melody of “Bolero”
was repeated over and over again.
Heads began to bob. Feet began
to beat time. The audience was
completely caught up in the
wonder of “Bolero.”

Although slight mistakes could
bedetected, the orchestra was at
its best of the evening during this
piece. The soft flowing melody
gradually built up. The
instruments played progressively
louder, one on top of the other
The shattering climax was
reached. Before we knew it
“Bolero” was over. It seemed to
end much too soon for all of us
for it is a piece that none of us
can ever get. enough of. As the
final note was sounded, the
audience immediately rose to its
feet in tumultuous applause,
showing their appreciation, not
only for “Bolero,” but for a most
enjoyable evening.

Tours S.U. Campuses

Thursday night‘s performance
was only one of the events offered
to us by the Buffalo Philharmonic
Orchestra during its visit to our
school. During these three days,
the orchestra and its conductor
sponsored various seminars and
rehearsals, in addition to a
Wednesday night performance
which featured works by Charles
Ives, Aaron Copland and Ulysses
Kay, who is presently on the
Herbert H. Lehman College
faculty.

An open reading and rehearsal
on Friday morning, September
26, featured the piece “Drakula”
by Warren Burt who is a
composition student at the State
University of New York at
Albany. Also at that time there
was a reading of Claude Debussy's
very beautiful piece, “La Mer."

The Buffalo Philharmonic
Orchestra's stay at the State
University of New York at Albany
was part of a tour which will take
it to nine campuses ol t‘ State
University of New York. The
project, entitled “Musical
Masterpieces of the Twentieth
Century" is being made possible
by the University-Wide Programs
in the Arts, State University of
New York.

 

PAGE 7

 

   
   

 

SEPTEMBER 30, I969

YOU see the chalkboards?

THE OPENING OF the lecture rooms have burdened the students with another daily fnistration. Can

\

---potskowaki'

State University Tmstees move
to maintain order on campus

continued from page I

other staff, licensees, invitees, and all other
persons, whether or not their presence is
authorized, upon the campus of any institution
to which such rules are applicable and also upon
or with respect to any other premises or
property, under the control of such institution,
used in its teaching, research, administrative,
service, cultural, recreational, athletic and other
programs and activities.

3. Prohibited conduct. No person, either
singly or in concert with others, shall: (a)
Wilfully cause physical injury to any other
person, nor threaten to do so for the purpose of
compelling or inducing such other person to
refrain from any act which he has a lawful right
to do or to do any act which he has a lawful
right not to do.

(b) Physically restrain or detain any other
person, nor remove such person from any place
where he is authorized to remain

(c',Willfully damage or destroy property of the
institution or under its jurisdiction, nor remove
or use such property without authorization.

(d) Without permission express or implied, enter
into any private office of an administrative
officer, member of the faculty or staff member.
(e) Enter upon and remain in any building or
facility for any purpose other than its authorized
uses or in such manner as to obstruct its
authorized use by others.

(f) Without authorization, remain in any building
or facility after it is normally closed.

(g) Refuse to leave any building or facility after
being required to do so by an authorized
administrative officer,

ih) Obstruct the free movement of persons and
vehicles in any place to which these rules apply.
(i) Deliberatcly disrupt or prevent the peaceful
and orderly conduct of classes, lectures and
meetings or deliberately interfere with the
freedom of any person to express his views,
including invited speakers.

(j) Knowingly have in his possession upon any
premises to which these rules apply, any rifle,
shotgun, pistol, revolver, or other firearm or
weapon without the written authorization of the
Chief administrative officer whether or not. a
license to possess the same has been issued to
such person.

(k)Willful|y incite others to commit any of the
acts herein prohibited with specific intent to
procure them to do so.

4. Freedom of Speech and Assembly: l'icketing
and Demonstrations. No student, faculty or other
staff member or authorized visitor shall be subject
to any limitation or penalty solely for the
expression of his views nor for having assembled
with others for such purpose. I’eaccl'ul pieketing and
other orderly demonstrations in public areas of
ground and building will not he interfered with.
Those involved in pieketing and demonstrations
may not, however, engage in specific conduct in
Violation of the provisions of the preceding section.

5- Penalties. A person who shall violate any of the
provisions of these rules shall: (a) II' he is a licensee

or invitec, have his authorization to remain upon
the campus or other property withdrawn and
shall be directed to leave the premises. In the
event of his failure or refusal to do so he shall be
subject to ejection.

(b) If he is u trespasser or visitor without specific
license or invitation, be subject to ejection.

(c) If he is a student, be subject to expulsion or
such lesser disciplinary action as the facts of the
case may warrant, including suspension,
probation, loss of privileges, reprimand or
warning.

(d) If he is a faculty member having a term or
continuing appointment, be guilty of misconduct
and be subject to dismissal or termination of his
employment or such lesser disciplinary action as
the facts may warrant including suspension
without pay or censure.

(e) If he is a staff member in the classified service
of the civil service, described in Section 75 of the
Civil Service Law, be guilty of misconduct, and
be subject to the penalties prescribed in said
section.

(f) If he is a staff member other than one
described in paragraphs (d) and (e), be subject to
dismissal, suspension without pay or censure,

6. Procedure. The chief administrative officer or
his designee shall inform any licensee or invitec who
shall violate any provisions of these rules that his
license or invttation Is Withdrawn and shall direct
him to leave the campus or other property of the
institution. In the event of his failure or refusal to
do so such officer shall cause his ejection from such
campus or property.

In the case of any other violator, who is neither a
student nor faculty or other staff member, the chief
administrative officer or his designee shall inform
him that he is not authorized to remain on the
campus or other property of the institution and
direct him to leave such premises. In the event of his
continuing or term appointment, charges of
misconduct in violation of these rules shall be made,
heard and determined in accordance with Title D of
Article XIV of the Policies of the Board of Trustees.

In the case of any staff member who holds a
iailure or refusal to do so such officer shall cause his
ejection from such campus or property, Nothing in
this paragraph shall be construed to authorize the
presence of any such person at any time prior to
such violation nor to affect his liability to
prosecution for trespass or loitering as prescribed in
the Penal Law.

In the case of a student, charges for violation of
any of these rules shall be presented and shall be
heard and determined in the manner established at
the campus where he is enrolled for the disposition
of charges which may lead to expulsion.

In the case of a faculty member
position in the classified civil service, described in
Section 75 of the Civil Service Law, charges of
misconduct in violation of these rules shall be made,
heard and determined as prescribed in that section.

Any other faculty or staff member who shall
violate any provision of these rules shall be
dismissed, suspended or censured by the appointing
authority prescribed in the Policies of the Board of
Trustees.

Section 7 of the guidelines, dealing with the
Enforcement Program will appear in Friday's ASP.
Aren’t we lucky.

having it

 

Commutation

by Jeff Lawrence

 

 

 

 

During the last few months there has been much discussion in
educational and governmental circles about what to expect from the
students returning to the campuses this fall. Many of those most
knowledgeable columnists and pundits have come to the conclusion
that the students‘ activities will turn inward toward more reform of
the academic communities and the quest for grades.

But it would seem that these people underestimate the
committment of the students to the more important issues of
community and governmental reform and responsiveness. Most of the
universities have learned from the confrontations of the past few
years and have opened up the lines of communication between the
students and administrations and have put into effect many of the
most needed and requested reforms to involve the students in the
governing of the university communities. But the governments of the
nation have not responded in kind and seem to be under the
impression that these confrontations can be avoided by passing
legislation stifling dissent and prosecuting those who criticize the

government‘s policies.

The war in Vietnam, the unjust conscription of young men into the
Armed Forces, continued policies of racism, and the prosecuting of
political dissenters has continued unabated as witnessed by the
current conspiracy trial of the “Chicago Eight," a group of the leaders
who took part in the demonstrations at the Democratic Convention

last year.

These activities should not be ignored by the current student
generation. Activities to combat these actions are even now being
planned and executed. The October 15th boycott of classes in protest
against the Vietnam war, the activities and demonstrations in support
of the "Chicago Eight." and other related phases of political activism
will, and must, not only continue, but gain strength as the months go

by

In 1968 the students proved they could lead the movement against

an incumbent President and remove him from office and we must
continue to engage in political activity that supports candidates who
recognize the dangers in the course our country is following and will
take steps to change the trends of thought that now prevail in
government circles. The opportunity to once again force a change in
the policies of our government is even greater this year.

But the politics of confrontation and challenge will have to be
continued to realize our goals. Students should not be intimidated by
the forces of reaction, nor afraid to fight for needed changes in
government policy. And it is imperative that we confront the
policymakers with these questions and problems that are of
importance to us. Not doing so, through fear or apathy, will enforce

the assumptions that

intimidation can take the place of

accomodation, and that we are willing to wait for a gradual change to

solve immediate problems.

Our studies are only a part of our learning. Our actions will
determine whether we have learned and are willing to take part in the
defense of our freedoms or are just going to let those who deal only
with statistics (such as 180 G.I.'s or 2,000 V.C. dead a week) continue
to lead us down the short road to ruin. It is time to “say it now!“ For
as Phil Ochs said, “But near the end even treason might be worth a
try, this country is too young to die.“ And so are we or any of our
compatriots, citbcr physically or through apathy, ready to die.

Expected eruption at UCLA

FRANCISCO—(CPS)—Univcrsity
of California regents may have
turned UCLA into another San
Francisco State.

Voting in the largest secret
session since the firing of Clark
Kerr, the regents decided Friday
to fire UCLA Black Philosophy
Professor Angela Davis. She is an
avowed American communist.

The UCLA campus is expected
to erupt in violence if Chancellor
Charles E. Young goes along with
the decision, as expected. The
firing is the first implementation
since 1950 of a 1940 regental
bylaw forbidding communitst to
teach on the California campuses,

The action is remarkably
similar to the State Board of
'I‘rustces‘ action last year at this
time when they voted to fire
George Murray, a Black Panther
instructor at San Francisco State.
The firing ignited demonstrations
which eventually led to the
massive strikes.

Both incidents were engineered
by Gov. Ronald Reagan, who has
demanded Miss Davis' firing in

Tower East Cinema on State Quad

‘In Cold Blood’
Oct.

Sat 7.30 a 10.00 Sun 8.00
COMING OCT. 9-12 ‘West Side Story'

several recent public speeches.
'I‘he regents were not expected,
however, to follow Reagan's
dictum this time. Sources in
Sacramento say the decision has
the full support of both Reagan
and Chancellor Young.

An eleventh hour attempt by
UCLA Director of Afro-American
Studies, Robert Singleton, failed.
Only he and Chancellor Young
were admitted to the executive
session. He had warned the
regents of “grave consequences" if
they made the decision.

Singleton has not indicated
what his newly organized
department will do, but the black
student union has announced it
will “begin some form of potent
activity."

Chancellor Young agreed early
this summer to a number of BSU
demands following
demonstrations last spring.
Among these demands was the
official sanctioning of the building
the BSU had occupied for several
months as the Afro-American
Student Center.

4,5

 

t

 

 

. its-win '

   
  
      

 

 

l
t
l

    
  

