  

 

   
   

 

    
   
      
  
  
   
 
    
     
     
     
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
     
  
    

 

   

war

n, 0‘17" "rrwm‘wms’it'

 

f'
‘l

  

' amount " ss

_ TUESDAY 'riisiiusar 25,1969

 

by Steve
K _ th Paul 0'Dwyor,-state,wlde
Chairman of the Niiw Democratic
Coalition (NDC)..Ind Dr. [non
Cohen, of. ‘the University’s
Political Science department,
believe that the Democratic Party
is the best existing vehicle for

    

.. “.The best hope for meaningful

solutions," remarked Dr.’ Cohen
during an interview last week,
“lies within the Democratic Party,
not-yin a third. party. I think Al
Irowaiutein put it, best when he
said that as soon as you work
outside of the party structure,
you're writing yourself off ,"

O’Dwyer, speaking after a
statewide' meeting of the New
Democratic Coalition on February
15, demonstrated his belief of
working within the system a little
differentlyi "At the Convention
(in Chicago), when it became
obvious that Daley and the bosses
were controlling things, some of
the more liberal delegates wanted
to walk up to the foot of the
front platform as a group, throw
their delegate badges at the
rostrum, and then walk out.

"This would have created chaos
and accomplished nothing. We
would have been able to do even
less if we were outside of the
Convention Hall, then we could
do inside."

“So, a few of us impressed

upon the others the importance of
retaining a sense of responsibility
during protest. As delegates, we
had a responsibility to the people
who elected us and we couldn't
let them down.
a “We decided that a candlelight
march in support of the protesters
who were outside would be the
best course of action to take."

But O'Dwyer and Cohen share
more than a common belief of
working from within. They are
both members of the New
Democratic Coalition in New
York State.

O’Dwyer is the temporary State
chairman of NDC and has enlisted
the support of many former
members of the Coalition for a
Democratic Alternative, along
with Bronx Borough President

Herman Badillo, Manhattan
Borough President Percy Sutton,
State Senator Manfred

Ohrenstein, Representative
Theodore Weiss and journalist
Pete Hamill.

The state organization will
make position statements on
crucial local, state, and national
issues, and will work within the
Democratic Party to induce
change in ghetlos, on farms, and
in the minds of legislators.

Statewide NDC will endorse

 
 

political candidates and when the
views of the regular Democratic
candidates are alien to the views
of NDC, the group will force the
issue differences to the fore in the
party primary. .

, Cohen, who has stressed that
NDC should concentrate on issues
and not personalities, is a member
of the steering Committee of the
Albany County New Democratic
Coalition and is - one of its
founders.

At an NDC meeting held last
Wednesday night in Albany's
Ambassador Restaurant, Cohen
appealed to the 60 people present
to consider working locally on
reform in the following areas:
poverty,,education, public works,
public safety, civil liberties,
governmental administration, and
taxation.

in addition, he suggested that
NDC concern itself with
d- " ' ,, the T‘ ‘in
Party -on. the local, state, and
national levels.

The Albany County NDC's ﬁrst
official action was a public
condemnation of State Senate Bill
number 524 which would revoke
Regents Scholarships of students
arrested for demonstrating.

The group held a televised press
conference this past week
attacking the bill and has been
urging Assemblymen to reject the
measure.

Probably the most immediate
local problem facing the Albany
NDC is whether or not to oppose
Mayor Corning in the Democratic
Primary this June.

This question along with the
questions of what direction NDC
should take in the coming months
and whether a University NDC
should be formed will be debated
Wednesday night, February 26, at
7:30 pm. in the Ambassador
Restaurant.

Such organizations as the NDC
in Albany and Reform Democrats
in Chicago under the ' “ ' 'r of
Adlai Stevenson iii, are attemptin
to offer voters at distinct choice
between Republican and
Democratic ideologies.

These groups are battling the
big city machine bosses who boast
as Boss Tweed once did:

“As long as I count the votes,
what are you going to do about
it?" Concerned Democrats want
to do something about it; they
want to rid the Party of its Boss
Tweed and bring it back to its
grass-roots constituency.

Anyone desiring information
about the New Democratic
Coalition should-call Steve Villuno
at 3049 or contact Dr. Carolyn
Waterman or Dr. Leon Cohen.

 

Hamburgers - 20¢
Cheeseburger: - 25¢

Mill: Shakes - 25¢ 5 35¢

Chocolate - is i 25¢
’ Coffee - l5 5 25¢

Go-

BURGER CHE

r

 

BURGER CHEF

Double Cheeseburger - 39¢

College Students

, Corner of Fuller Road

iggyin From New Compile

French fries - l8¢
Fish'isan‘dwich - 30¢
Big Shef - 45¢
Apple Turnover - 25¢.
Soft Drinks - l0 5 20¢
Hot Ham 8 Cheese - 45¢

 

 

F

+Cen teal Aven ue

 

 strike .

distributed on the college

from page I col 5‘ -,

increases would, make it
ﬁnancially lmpouible for many.
students to remain in college and

 

 grafﬁti.

 

 

that this particularly /
discriminated against those PROJECT'HELPMATE will be
members of lower income having the party for the children
brackets. It was felt that since' a of schools in the South End
large proportion of the poor in (which was originally planned for
New York are Black or members last Thursday) this Thursday, at
of other minority groups, this 7:30 pm, Feb 27 in colonial Quad

' would also be, in effect, racially flagroom.‘ Anyone who would like

discriminatory. I

Amongsuggestions presented at
the ’c°"lf:_":°°t::‘ $2213? 2:, On Wednesdalyr, Februaryzgat
"5”" '" 3:00 .m., o essor ur
students Who would, be seriously Danto ol'JColumbia University will
affected by such tuition increases. discuss “Philomth of History

Beyond tuition incnues’ with Zetetiks—the Undergraduate
budget cuts will seriously “"1” Philosophy Club. The discussion
glﬁNgmyt z: emil'ﬂ “‘1”; d: will be held in Humanities 354.

s s e .

could mean more lecture classes, E c o n o m i c s C I u b
fewer new mum-Iona] program' Party--Informal gathering, Feb 26,
reduced teaching staff and
equipment, and serious cuts in 8'12.va Facuni’ 'Punﬂey' 35
programs such as Albany's Bullding for Economics majors,
Ed ucatio nal o ppoﬂunny undergraduate or graduate.
Program.

Underlying reasons for budget
cuts and tuition increases were
"' in detail and it was
decided that fact sheets would be

to join us is welcome.

Professor Arthur Danto of
Columbia University will deliver
an All-University Lecture entitled
"What Philosophy Is” in the
GURE Campus Center Assembly Hall,
8:00 pm. Wednesday, February
26.

campuses by the
representatives.

These fact sheets point out the
faults of the present system of
taxation which placesa burden on Cathexis--the Sociology
the working class of New York Psychology club will present “A
with relatively light burden on the Case Study of Multiple
upper, corporate classes. The Personality,”a documentary film
conference leaders, particularly, interviewing Eve White, subject of
felt that the system of taxation the movie “The Three Faces of
could be greatly reformed and Eve." Thursday, Feb. 27, 8 pm.
that such reforms would provide Social Science faculty lounge,
needed funds for education and third floor. Refreshments.
other areas of the state budget. Everyone welcome.

The conference finally resolved
to urge the student governments . r '
on a” SUNY campuses to There Will be a meeting of the
circulate petitions and organize a StUdent Family C‘]""“'“-“ to
letter-writing campaign against the End the w“ this TUGSdﬂY.

RUSSIAN LANGUAGE
MAJORS: There will be a meeting
the Student

Advisory
the Russian

Language Department Wednesday,
Feb 26 at 8 pm. in HU 290. All
Russian majors please attend.

“IS THERE A DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN A JEW AND A
ZIONIST'!" will be the topic of a
panel discussion to be held at the
Ballroom this
Thursday, Feb. 27,at 8 pm.

The groups participating in this
Ahm Yisrael,
Hebrew Student Alliance, Aral)
Club, Young Socialist Alliance,
SDS. and BSA. It is sponsored by
International

Studclll

The Student Association is now
seeking applicants for the position
of Student Association secretary,
To start the first week in April
for the lile

Anyone interested in being llu-
co-director for the All University
Talent Show to be held first
semester next year should COIllill'l
either Ellis Kaufman at 457-87 In
or Jay Hershkowitz at 457-875”

be an important
meeting of all
MuLambda Alpha initiates and
members in French and Spanish,
formation of
National Honor Soceity Chapters
at SUNY. Professors in the tWo
languages are cordially invited in

tuition increases and “covert February 25, 1969, at 7:30 pm. attend, also. The meeting will lll'

racial discrimination." Another in Humanilleﬁwe.

held on Tuesday, February 25, ill

CURE conference will be held in Local area resisters Steven 7:30 pm in Humanities Faculty

Buffalo March 7-9 to plan a one Wayne T‘lmm “nd Stanlelgh

week boycott, of classes“, March Thomas Bennett will discuss members
and a mass "my in Albany 0,, various aspects of the draft. interested

March 19, Everyone is welcome.

students on campus:

I] The fostering of a strong Jewish identity .

\

This declaration of aims,

any statement made by the now defunct

Am Yisrael
Next meeting

 

 

2] The active support of America’s interests in the Middle East
- as Americans and as Jews

though incomplete. is official and supersedes

Hebrew Student's Alliance."

Thursday, Feb. 27, 8:00 pm SS 134

Am Yisrael Chai!

Lounge, HU 354. All those MLA

and professeurs
in becoming charter
members must attend.

Am Yisracl

A radical society of approximately 250 Jewish

Announces its official program

 

J

 

 
 
   
  

 

 

 

   
   
   
    

    
   
   
  
 
    
    
  
   
  
   

    
  
 
    
    
  
  

.ms...~w» .:4 .~... whr'lriwsvu;

    

    
  
 

  

 

 

 

  

      
  
 
 
  

   
 

g
2
i
l
‘i'

‘ ‘mmusaasamw4.,.<-g...s.«-. _._L>;.v‘lHr.mar.<-ili‘aﬂL~If-_:

,, . ._,..,,.

 Amid”; .1;.;xg;tt‘w ".

 

 

Tobi Ben

Universit
superv1ses campus

LOOK FOR
AN As? FEATURE Also: to make regulations
by Daryl Lynne Wager governing the conduct and
Staf’Repor’er behavior of students; and to STUDENT
What is University Council: prescribe for and exercise
Just what this council does and supervmon We.” wider“ houiin.“ ssosCIATION
how its decisions influence :gduiizgetyl; UTvemtw Gaul?“ '3 A
University life is a subject about m‘qnual reyo :wt 0 Jim] at in
which most students are ignorant. university "gazes 0 e s a 8 BUDGET
The image of University . .' . .
Council in the mind ofthe Albany “‘2 "m" Um‘mmtl’ Cd°“"°"
State student is that of another mam 0”" are bnpglmme [or HEARINGS
meaningless level in the awesome ﬁxznﬁfgrdtgnr m}; eegozefsor’
hierarchy of red tape that makes members to iefve {in cairmsff
passage of new bills at tedlously Council members receive "0' SCHEDULE IN

slow process.

In actuality, University Council
is an active and functioning body
provided for under the New York
State Education Law, Section 356
of the Law, which establishes
University Council, provides that:
"Subject to the gencral
management, supervision and
control of and ill accordance with
rules established by the state
university trustees, the operations
alld affairs of each state-operated
institution of the state university,
other than the state institutes of
applied arts and sciences, shall be
supervised locally by a council
consisting of nine members
appointed by the governor."

in order to better understand
the role of the Council, one
should be aware of the fact that
the Albany center of the State
University system is not governed
solely by its own administration.
Rather, it is under the control of
the Board of Trustees of the State
University of New York, These
ﬁfteen men, headed by Chancellor
Gould, exercise control over all
State University campuses.

it is this Board of Trustees
whose task It will be to actually
appoint a successor to President
Collins. They are also responsible
for meeting with the legislature to
help enact bills of concern to the
University and to secure adequate
appropriations for the running of
the University. it in to this Board
of Trustees that University
Council is directly responsible,

University Council Powers

The powers delegated to
University Council are
enumerated in the Education
Law, These include: to
recommend to the state university
trustees candidates for
appointment as head of the
institution; to review all major
plans of the head of such
institution; to make regulations
governing the care of grounds.
buildings and equipment; and to
review the proposed budget
requests submitted by the
president of the institution; name
buildings and grounds.

 

 
 
 

  
     
    

Tobi lien performed last night at the Campus Center Coffee House
before an enthusiastic crowd. The Coffee Hous is running through to
Saturday night. photo by Ed Potskowski

council

 

STUDENT
GROUPS

 

compensation for their services,
but are reimbursed for expenses
incurred in the performance of
their duties, to he can't on Friday

AN OPEN INVITATION
Sabbath Services
(Reform)
Every Friday evening al.8100 um
CONGREGATION BETH EMETH
“)0 Academy Road, Albany, N.Y.

Transportation arranged by calling 436-976l by each Thursday

FRIDAY‘S ASP

 

 

 

I this semester in a recent interview.

 
 

"by Betty Anderson
Staff Reporter

 .s: is:
. Victor Looper, Chairman of LAAC, stated what he consideredt'o
be LAAC’s accomplishments of first semester and the expectancion

“This year's LAAC has been the most progressive and successful!
ever. We have accomplished or are in the process of trying‘rto‘
sccompllsh more major policy changes than hsa'ever beendohein the:
history of our present form of government. We have also (lonesome?
considerable work in the area of meal plans and service." : w " L'

In the area of housing policy, three major changes were adopted-n
Curfew hours for freshmen were abolished. There is nor‘long'er a
mandatory sign-out procedure for any student. Thirdly, clo'sed‘d‘ools-
are allowed during Open Houses. ‘ - ~ ‘

A fourth proposal on open visitation, i.e., allowing the halls and
sections to decide their own hours of visitation, is being considered.

This proposal enables a residence hall or section to decide on any.
number of hours for open houses from 24 hours to none by a 2/3 ’
vote of the residents. ‘

In the area of meal policy, the lost meal card procedure was
changed. Now, one pays $5 for a lost card and $3 for a mutilated
card. These charges are for the administrative costs involved in issuing
a new card.

Also, Colonial Quad Dining Room was opened to contract
residences so they would not have to eat on State or Dutch Quads. _

A new alcohol policy has been proposed to allow the consumption
of alcohol in individual rooms and suites and other areas if approved
by the residents; alcohol still would not be allowed in lounge areas.

As Looper said, the intention of LAAC is "to establish the boardest
frame work possible so that each hall which is closest to the feelings
of its residences can decide upon the policy that ﬁtd its particular
interests and problems best."

These policy changes would not have been accomplished without
the cooperate relationship between the students, faculty, and
administration.

Looper stated that the basis of LAAC's rationale for proposing
these policy changes. “Our basic philosophy and rationale for the
various changes has been individual and corporate responsibility.

“We feel that students should be able to govern their own lives with '
as few rules as possible. We feel that this enables the students to learn
responsibility.’.’

FUN WORKING IN EUROPE

 

  

GUARANTEED JOBS ABROAD! Get paid, travel, meet people,
SUMMER and YEAR ROUND. 20 countries, 9 paying job cate-
gories olfercd. For FREE cultural program literature including ‘
details and applications, write: “lS'l‘C admissions, 866 United
Nations Plaza, New York, N.Y. A Non-Profit Student Mem-
bership Organization.

 

 

 

State University Bookstore

Hours: Monday thru Thursday 9am to 8pm
Friday 9am to 4:30pm
Saturday 9am to lpm
Textbooks Typewriter Rentals School Supplies

Personal Aids Special orders taken

on any book in print

Class Rings

Greeting Cards Souulneers Costume Jewelry

Large selection of Reference books Paperback Books
Free Film with Film Developing
large selection of 8 track Stereo Tapes
Records
Watch in Our Special Ad in ASP on Graduation

Announcements; Rentals of Caps and Gowns and
Class Rings

 

 

 

 

 

 

l l

Sophomore ‘ Class

Beer Party

Friday, Feb. 28 8-12pm
at

McKowns Grove

Candy Coated Outhouse
$8.00 per Couple

Tickets On Sale In 0.0

   

 

