  
    

  

.5mﬁQAM

  
    

   

      


.e,
.l
i

  
   
 
  
  
     

4).... rt-»&-u~..  _

  

 

 ﬂ» :tmaetawém I

 

     
  

 

          
               
        
               
       
     
        
    
    
      
       
    
       
             
            

 

  
  
          
      
    
      
   
 
   

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3. I969

 

 

 

 

Aaron? Clean!

 

 

Danes Lose T

Meet Harpur Saturday

The. Albany State varsity soccer
team'dropped its first game of the
current campaign this past
Wednesday when they wound up
on the short end of a 2-0 score
against Oneonta.

Last week, Coach Schiefflin
predicted a very tight game--that's
just how it turned out. The first
half ended in a scoreless tie. Both
teams had opportunities to score
but could not take advantage of
them. The defensive efforts on
each side were superlative with
State goalie Terry Jordan and
fullbacks Joel Volinski and Steve
Backus the standouts for Albany.

In the third period however,
Oneonta broke the ice.
Attackman Rick Pozsar snuck
through and projected the ball
past Jordan into the Albany net.
The Danes did not give up trying
though as two of their shots hit
the posts of the Oneonta goal and
a third, due to the backspin on
the ball bounce out after hitting
the goal line.

Oneonta’s second goal Came as
a result of a grave defensive

Baby Danes
Edge ACC

by Bob Familant

The Albany Jr. Varsity Cross
Country team, off to a good start,
defeated Adirondac Community
College Thursday by the
comfortable margin of eleven
points, 22-33. The meet, held
under adverse weather conditions
took place at Adirondac. The
losers‘ Jan Miller placed first in
the event with a time of 25:33.
State's John Stanton placed
second a mere thirteen seconds
off the pace. State'a runners also
ﬁnished. Second, third, fourth,
sixth, seventh, and eleventh
finishers were Larry Roberts,
John Comerford, Jim Waters,
Rene Hebert and John Fairhall
respectively. Both John Fairhall
and Jim Waters showed
improvement in their fine finishes.
The distance for the event was -1
2/10 miles. All six runners have
earned the right to represent State
at the LeMoyne Invitational this
Saturday.

In the Varsity ranks both
Dennis Hackett and Pat chfert
appear to have an excellent
chance at LeMoyne. Gepfcrt
finished eighth there last year and
is looking forward to doing even
better this year. Althouin State
lacks the depth of its opponents
Coach Bob Munsz hopes to
finish among the top seven out of
over twenty teams competing.

    
 
     

mistake by the Danes. One of the
State defensemen attempted to
kick the ball back to Jordan in the
goal so that the latter might clear
it. Jordan, however, was not
expecting this maneuver and
consequently made a vain effort
to stop it as it skittered past him
into the goal.

Looking ahead to Saturday,
Coach Schiefflin expects to break
into the win column against
Harpur, the game being played in
Binghamton. There was
speculation to the effect that the

F rosh Eligible

As is the case with many
colleges and universities this fall,
State University at Albany will
have a realligncd intercollegiate
sports program for 196940. The
reason for the changes is the new
freshman eligibility rule passed by
the Eastern College Athletic
Conference (ECAC) in February.

Previously, frcshmen could
compete on varsity teams only in
schools with a male enrollment
under a designated figure. Now, in
all sports except football,
basketball, and hockey, freshmen
may play at the varsity level if the
college and coach decide to
institute such a policy.

At Albany. which currently
doesn‘t field teams in football or
hockey, freshmen will be eligible
for all varsity teams except
basketball. Another change
resulting from the ruling will be

SPORTS

The varsity cross-country team,
3-2 in dual meets, will be in
Syracuse Saturday (October 4) for
the annual LeMoync invitational,
Junior Pat Gepfert(Colonie) and
sophomore Dennis Hackett
(Hilton) tied for first in Albany‘s
doublcvdual win over Potsdam and
I’lattsliurgh (25-44-63) September
27. Encouraging to coach Bob
Munsey was the improvement of
the third through ﬁfth Albany
runners, senior Tom Mills
(Baldwin), junior Orville Eacker
(Dolgt'vilh'). and senior Larry
Franks (Smyrna).

in”

Albany will sponsor a wrestling
clinic on can‘ipus November 15.
High school C(ml'llL‘S and wrestlers
are invited to attend and bring
gear for workouts. The guest
instruclor will be Penn State
wrestling coach Bill Koll. There
will he morning and afternoon
sr'ssiiins. Details will he
announced shortly.

 

24 Hour

Oneonta;

Marathon Party
for Al Hartheimer

Free beer, food and entertainment
while you work for Al

Saturday 3PM till Sunday 3PM
Come any time

 

1088 Madison Avenue above Madison Theater

 

 

Danes would shift their usual
3-3-4 alignment to a 4-2-4 to add
more scoring punch. Schiefflin
discounted this immediately,
however, saying that the team will
begin to score when the
attackmen begin to do the job
that they are capable of doing.
The coach describes the team's
present status like this: “Right
now, we’re sitting right in the
middle of a powder keg, waiting
for the fuse to ignite it." He
believes that come Saturday,
everything will blow sky high.

For All Sports

the replacement of freshman
teams with junior varsity squads,
for which those players cut from
the varsity will be eligible.
Exceptions will be basketball,
which will continue to utilize a
freshman team; and wrestling,
swimming, and lacrosse, which
will not field sub-varsity teams in
1969-70, due to inadequate
manpower. JV teams may be
added in these three sports in the
future.

The university will offer varsity
c ompetition in 10 sports this
year, most ever at Albany. In
addition to soccer, cross country,
basketball, wrestling, baseball,
tennis, track and field, and gold,
which held varsity status last year;
lacrosse and swimming will
advance from club to varsity
standing during 1969-70.

SHORTS

Track and cross-country coach
Bob Munsey is “tickled to death"
at Albany‘s acceptance into the
Intercollegiate Association of
Amateur Athletes of America
(104A). The association, which
sponsors cross‘country, indoor
and outdoor track meets, is the
oldest track and field association
in the United States. The
HS-momber organization, which
includes many of the top track
pOWers, is in its 93rd year.

**¥#*

There will be a fall intramural
golf tournament on Friday Oct.
17. There will be prizes for the
individual winner and the three
main tcnm championFm further
information and registration, call
Cliff Drapcr157-7961i.

Albany defense thwarts Oneonta scoring attempt. "'hOChbem

 

,BLEACHER
' BOUND

. by Dave Fink

 

 

 

One of the basic necessities of any society, of any instance when
conﬂicting forces act against each other, is a pcacr'maker, an
arbitrator, a judge. Unfortunately, not every one of these people
called on to make decisions have the wisdom of a Solomon.

This fact may be clearly seen when viewing intramural sports at
Albany. Ofﬁciating at football games is at times, very poor. it can be
improved to an extent yet from this point on, the fallibility of the
human mind takes hold.

As far as improvement goes, in some instances, the ofﬁcials simply
do not know the mj'ea. in a League 11 contest played last Saturday,
the referee repeatedly dropped his penalty flag and blew his whistle
whenever there was movement on the offensive line. The rule clearly
states, however, that unless contact is made, the play should be run
thus giving the defensive team the option of accepting the penalty or
the play. This type of ineptitude may be corrected.

Now, however, we are faced with the chance of human error. This,
too, was exempliﬁed in last weeks EEP-KB League I encounter. Potter
Club had possession of the ball on Kappa Beta's twenty yeard line.
The receiver on the play, was interfered with yet, immediately after,
managed to catch the ball for a touchdown. However, upon ..
interference, the referee immediately blew the play dead. It was a
mistake but it was not due to ignorance of the rule but was rather a
reﬂex action (the blowing of the whistle).

The point trying to be made is that since the referee's knowledge of
the rules is a basic prerequisite, lack of this knowledge, indeed, cannot
be tolerated. One must however accept certain mistakes even in the
case of college and professional referees. in this year‘s Orange Bowl,
ofﬁcials let the Penn State University run two offensive plays with
twelve men on the ﬁeld. In the Los Angelcs Ram-Chicago Bcar
encounter last year, ofﬁcials. due to a mix up, gave the Rams only
three downs in a series crucial to the game. if men who have made
this their profession can make such mistakes, than surely we can
understand infractions made by our intramural rcfcrccs who, indeed.
deserve thanks for officiating. livcryone wants to play, but noonc
wants to make the decisions. The intramural office is attempting to
groom better rcfcrccs. For the duration unless players would care to
officiatc in their spare time. ihcy should attempt to understand that
these people are trying to do their jobs to the best of their abilities.

APA Scores Over KB, 6-0
STB Trounces Johnson, 16-0

Kappa Beta mct APA this past
Week in a clash of two of League
1's pri-nnial powerhouses. KB
entered the game with a record of
one and no losses while APA's
record stood at one tie.

KB won the toss but decided
against receiving choosing rather
to have the wind to their backs as
it would probably be a deciding
factor in the ballgame. KB held
and forced an APA punt which
went out of bounds of the APA
15 yard line (Yes, it was a bad
punt). KB took over and after
failing to move the ball on botti
first and second down, advanced
it to the APA two yard line on a
pass from quarterback Eliot

 

Nircnbt‘fli L0 59'” “I‘d Al Margison in the end zone for the
Zarcmba. On fourth down, KB scum. The exm, point was
attempted a field goal but it was blocked and so APA led 6.0

no good. APA took over on its The second hull“ wus

 
 

IRIDAY, OCTOBER 3. I969

 
 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 7

 

17ft 6mm

by The Good Student

 

 

Communications

 

 

 

 
   

twenty yard line but could not
move the bull. Late in the firs half
however, APA due to fine
protection from its offensive line
moved down field on a steady
drive. Split end Rich Margison
dropped a pass on the KB two
yard line though and KB's Al
Cassier intercepted APA‘s next
pass. KB was unable to advanc e
the ball however and tried a quick
kick on third down. It wasa poor
kick and hence gave APA fine
field position which they
immediately took advantage of as
quarterback Mike Barlotta hit

characterized by both teams not
being able to mount a sustained
attack.

In Monday’s League I game,
STB downed Johnson Hall by a
score of 16-0. STB was able to
move the ball almost at will on
finely coordinated end sweeps and
fine passing by quarterback Tom
Brenner. STB scored on a pass
from Brenner to end Mike Privy
and an and sweep by the former.
The last two points were added on
a safety when the Johnson Hall
quarterback was trapped behind
the line of‘scrimmage.

 

There seems to be some confusion over exactly what occured at the
Central Council meeting of September 25. The basic question is just
what does censuring the President of Central Council mean in real,
that is, political, terms?

First of all, it should be understood that a vote of censure is simply
a stern slap on the wrists coupled with an angry warning not to do it
again. This differentiates it from a rebuke, which is simply a stern
sla .

The contention that I am about to raise is one that will surely be
disputed by members of the student government, but these same
people, in addition to being government leaders and office holders are
also, quite obviously, politicians.

Politicians can be divided into three broad, hazy categories: liberals,
moderates, and conservatives. Obviously, these lables are determined
by the stands assumed by the individual student-politicians on the
various government.

The following definitions, quite clearly, are mine and mine alone,
and they are drawn entirely from my rich mine of prejudices and
political biases. But, i should also add, I believe my views to be quite
definitely more realistic than those views which would simply insist
that such categorizing is impossible and impractical.

The conservative in student government is defined as he or she who,
before stating an opinion, first asks the administration and his friends
or fraternity (that may also read her friends or sorority) what they
think. lnevitably friends, etc., have no opinion and the good
conservative winds up being an administration stooge.

The moderate in student government is defined as he or she who is
in a perpetual state of confusion and occasionally abstains to prove his
or her honesty.

The liberal in student government is defined as he or she who has a
cause. it is always the right cause, the good cause, the only cause and
woe to the student who does not weep, fight, and breath for the
cause. There is only one way to vote and that is the liberal way. There
is only one side to every issue, and the good liberal determined to die
for his or her belief. The liberals always stick together because there is
strength in numbers when you're fighting everybody.

On September 25, the liberals decided to censure the President of
Central Council and the conservatives decided to stop them. (As usual,
the moderates were in the middle with no opinion at all). The liberals
won, the conservatives lost, and the President of Central Council was
censured.

President Terry Mathias is a conservative. He is also forthright,
possibly too conscientiously so, and abstained on the motion of
censure. His Vice-President, Vic Looper, is equally conservative.
Naturally, he voted to uphold Mathias' administration and voted
against the motion.

Looper's co-representatives from the Dutch Quad are Leonard
Kopp and Chuck Ribak. Kopp is an ardently self-avowed liberal; he
was one of the sponsors of the motion. Robak is, like Looper and
Mathias, a Stuyvesant Tower Greek. Possibly moderate, he joined
Looper in supporting Mathias and voted no.

Jeff Glasse is listed as a sponsor of the motion. A brother of STB,
he is reported as having abstained on the motion, which may be the
genuinely moderate approach to an issue as divisive as this motion of
censure. One wonders though if Glasse abstained because his fellow
STB brothers divided so vocally on the motion.

Glasscy's fellow representative from the Community Programming
Commission, Barry Ross, is also in STB and is a genuine moderate. He
voted against the motion.

Two other commission representatives showed a clear division of
ideologies. Joe Kaiser and Ralph di Murino, both from STB (this is
becoming repetition) represent the Living Area Affairs Commission.
Kaiser was one of the sponsors of the motion. Di Marine is infamous
for his absurd comment that the student body of the Student
ABSOClation should not be permitted to elect the Presidi-r’ of Student
Association because said official is also President of Central Council.
Di Marine is an obvious conservative.

The Communications Commission vote is difficult to analyze. Gary
Gold has clearly been a liberal for his three years on Council. Yet he
Voted against the motion. I presume that Gold voted as he did because
his years of experience on Council Convinced him that censuring
Mathias would be a dangerous precedent for future weak Council
presidents.

Gold’s oer-representative Steve Brown apparently followed Gold‘s
lead and voted against the motion. The one faculty member present,
Torn Littlefield, followed no onc's lead at all and abstained,
apparently feeling that the faculty should express no official comment
on the internal politics of Central Council.

This viewpoint should have been equally adhered to by the
representatives of the Pan-Hellenic Council. Tom Libbos, the frat
member, stuck to the traditional attitude of Pan-Hell frat
representatives and didn‘t even care; he even half-heiirtedly abstained.

Jeanette Beckerman, a close admirer of Mathias, voluted ethical
considerations and voted no.

The other STB brothers on Central Council are David Neufeld and
Dittk Wesley, both from Colonial Quad. Both very vocal and active
liberals (and quite sincere in their beliefs), they were among the ten
Cosponsors of the motion to censure Mathias.

Only Carol ’l‘ibbetts of Colonial joined the conservative bloc. Nancy
Wolf of Commuters rcgistcd a completely neutral position and
abstained. Like Tibbetts, Wolf sttod apart from her fellow
representatives. I

skip Counts. Larry Lubetsky, iind Walt Silver arcI the obvtous
liberals of Central Council. From Commuters, they were some of the
Eponsors of the motion. They were joined by Larry Smith, apparently
liberal,:though he may have felt it was necessary to display his STB
credentials by casting his vote for the motion.

The State Quad representatives are also clear-cut liberals. Bert
Eversley and Norm Rich co—sponsored the motion. Only Judy Avner
uPpﬁnl'ed to be a little confused, and she abstained only because she
lhouﬂht it necessary to indicate some opinion on the matter;
Otherwise, she might as well not have come to the meeting at all.

Continued from page 8
one or more of many current crises, which I will
now attempt to categorize...

THE POPULATION OF THE WORLD NOW
SURPASSES THREE AND ONE HALF BILLION,
and it is expected to double before the year 2000
(some experts predict as early as 1980)! There are
millions starving in India and China today. We
cannot expect to be capable of feeding seven billion
people in the near future. Many scientists, including
noted writer Isaac Asimov, predict a series of "Great
Famines"--periods of world-wide starvation-starting
by 1980 at the latest. Is there any solution?
Perhaps. Some sociologists suggest a system of
governmental planning of families, whereby only a
limited number of people--those showing promise of
having a child who would “benefit society"--would
be allowed to have children. There is, of course,
another solution to the ,_ L' ' "
and this brings me to category number two...

WORLD WAR THREE IS NEARING. ABM has
been passed-another victory for the war industries.
This move will force the Soviet Union into more
weapons build-up, which will force the United
States into more weapons build-up. which... It is a
vicious circle which spins faster and faster and will
end in a catastrophe which could be triggered by
something as senseless as a religious war in the
Middle East. World War III need not exterminate
much of humanity to have disastrous effects on
society. In the horror and panic that would follow,
the people who were left would blame the holocaust
on the scientists and the politicians. The
technological progress of ' centuries would be
shattered. There would be wholesale rebellion
against government in any form. Survival of the
fittest would be the word of the day, and the
paragon of animals would turn into a savage. If the
bomb doesn‘t succeed in destroying mankind, we
have one tactic left...

WE ARE POISONING OUR ENVIRONMENT.
From DDT in our food and water, to carbon
monoxide in our air, to reactor wastes in our soil
and our seas, we have polluted everything. Without
the sea to harvest a new form of nutrition, there is
little hope of feeding our population. We are just
beginning to realize that, for a world of four billion
people, we have precious few resources-and they
grow fewer with every load of factory waste that
floats into New York Harbor.

There are countless problems to solve and every
possible solution must be explored carefully, for the
effects of a major social, political. or nhvsical

of we... ,_

change can be more complex than the situations
leading to ' the problem. Nevertheless, these
problems must be solved if the human race is to
survive. And we have little--perilously little--time.

Andrew Aldrich

Trustees’ p rogram
or campus order

(Ed. note: this is the last section of the SUNY
Board of Trustees’guidelines for ‘order' on state
campuses.)

7. Enforcement Program. The chief
administrative officer shall be responsible for the

" ‘ of these rules and he shall designate
the other administrative officers who are authorized
to take action in accordance with these rules when
required or appropriate to carry them into effect.

it is not intended by any provision herein to
curtail the right of students, faculty or staff to be
heard upon any matter affecting them in their
relations with the institution. In the case of any
apparent violation of these rules by such persons,
which, in the judgment of the chief administrative
officer or his designee, does not pose any immediate
threat. of injury to person or property, such officer
may make reasonable effort to learn the cause of
the conduct in question and to persuade those
engaged therein to desist and to resort to
permissible methods for the resolution of any issues
which may be presented. In doing so such officer
shall warn such persons of the consequences of
persistence in the prohibited conduct, including
their ejection from any premises of the institution
where their continued presence and conduct is in
violation of these rules.

in any case where violation of these rules does
not cease after such warning and in other cases of
wilful violation of these rules, the chief
administrative officer or his designee shall cause the
ejection of the violator from any premises which he
occupies in such violation and shall initiate
disciplinary action as hereinbefore provided.

The chief administrative officer or his designee
may apply to the public authorities for any aid
which he deems necessary in causing the ejection of
any violator of these rules and he may request the
State University Counsel to apply to any court of
appropriate jurisdiction for an injunction to restrain
the violation or threatened violation of these rules.

Massive govt. attach launcth
to halt mounting drug trafﬁc.

From the people who brought
you nerve gas, the moon flight
and ABM, we now have Operation

Intercept.
Operation intercept is the .
Nixon Administration's James more available

Bondian title for an all-out air, because,
amounting to reduce the traffic of
marijuana and other drugs
between Mexico and the US. Its
weapons are hardly less impressive
than those wielded by the
ﬁctitious Goldfinger or Dr. No of
007 fame.

The operation‘s arsenal includes
German Shepherd dogs trained to
react to the scent of marijuana,

Navy patrol boats in the Gulf of war of suppression
agents,
helicopters and

Mexico, Air Force pursuit planes, federal
a web of radar screens installed by
the Federal Aviation
Administration to detect illegal
border crossings, and aircraft
equipped with electronic sensing
devices capable of sniffing poppy

announcements.

the price per lid is driven beyond
what most, especially teenagers
are able to afford.

When that happens, he said,
young people won’t turn to the

marijuana
land and sea assault it is non-addictive, desperation won't
ensue when they can‘t get any.
Rather than switch to psilocybin,
masculine or LSD, they will
abandon the drug habit.
Operation Intercept parallels a
similar attack on marijuana being
waged in Vietnam, where tens of
thousands of US. servicemen are three; a minimum of 2 and
understood to have turned on.
The US. Army has been fighting a

Military spokesmen say many
soldiers have been reprimanded,
some docked in pay and reduced fine‘
in rank, and a few dishonorably

The anti-drug drives appear to
represent but another
manifestation of the hard line
Nixon has taken on what he refers
to as the "drug abuse problem."

The administration's drug bill,
proposed by the late Sen. Everett
Dirksen and currently before the
Senate Subcommittee to
investigate Juvenile Delinquency,
lumps marijuana, heroin and LSD

harder drugs
being

together, keeping the same
penalty structure for a first
offense of possessing any of the

maximum of 10 years in prison.

Anyone convicted of a first
offense in selling the drugs will
face 520 years in prison and a
$25,000 fine under Nixon's bill.
Anyone convicted of a second
selling offense will face 10-40
years incarceration and a $50,000
There would be no
opportunity for probation or

involving
police dogs,
tc l a vision

. ... ... «mgr-1.4«90’Ava/s—u v.4.”-

 

ﬁelds from the sky.

Massive numbers of customs
inspectors-the exact number is a
government secret-1m.- posted at
27 US. airports in the southwest
authorized to receive international
flights, and at Ill places along the
2,500 mile Mexican border, where
all motor vehicles and pedestrians
are now stopped around the clock
to undergo 2-3 minute searches
for contraband.

Attorney General John
Mitchell's assistant Kleindienst,
briefing the Washington press had
remarked that the crackdown
would remain in effect until
marijuana becomes so scarce that

discharged in connection with the
use or sale of pot. Over three tons
of grass have been confiscated and
destroyed, they say.

The TV announcement
portrays a marijuana user
dreamin engaged in guard duty.
He informs a fellow trooper,
“Don't bring me down, man, i'm
enjoying the world."

After the trooper urges him to
“put out that stuff" to no avail,
the screen dissolves in a mass of
psychedelic whorls, finally
evolving into a scene showing
both men sprawled in grotesque
death, an enemy soldier, rifle in
hand, standing in the foreground.

suspension of the sentences.

in addition, the bill’ contains a
"no-knock" provision whereby
police may enter a home without
identifying themselves.

The Nixon bill continues to be
debated, even within his own
administration. Dr. Stanley
Yollcs, director of the Health,
Education and Welfare
Department's National institute
of Mental Health, testified before
a Senate subcommittee last week
that the legal punishcment given a
convicted marijuana user is likely
to do him more harm than the
joint he smoked (CPS)

  
   
    
  
   
   
  
  
    
      
  
   
    
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
     
     
   
     
               
          
  

  

 

