    

  

  
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
     
  

 
  
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

  
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
    
  
   
  

         

. v—‘uwzi'

}
f f

.w

 
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
 
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
    
    
   
    
   
  

,  ﬁler-asunder; . A

 

'  on the leaves iri'stesdy'convolution away from someone else's
. _ .returned to myself ﬁnding only loneliness and longing for
whatljieft behind. Ah, theth had too great a future for me to go
now on my own, Like amber it encrusted me. Though i knew the
. crust was cracking and l was to join the rest free in a world of heady
, feeling.- some of the stroll was my skin, my mind, my own self. My:
own selfgnade by someone else when I didn‘t look because
A distractions tumed'my soggy head. In the company of myself, for 20
years Iknew there was something wrong. When I was alone I would
die, call, read for ﬁve minutes, live and die again, talk to myself,
cower and crumble, crack and reach for stability in the familiarity of
someone else’s presence.
But I knew, oh yes, I knew that that someone was someone,
.Jmething I made up to reafﬁrm the crust the safety of amber, of
deceit, of anti-soul. But what could i do knowing nothing but derived
sympathy, secondary humanity. So i sat and melted into comforting
spbservience. Ah, you young opie, it’s nice to see you committed to
ndding' us of poverty and po ution. But wait-you really don’t want to
destrou war do you? I mean war against communists of course and
race riots and poverty and pollution? But we want to continue having
all sorts of wars and you can't stop us because no one has the right to
impose their will on others; but us-we can impose our will on you and
them and the whole world because we are the whole world so we are
your and their will. We are, of necessity, representing and acting in
accordance with your best interests. Oh laugh, laugh, the whole world
is insane. Don’t you see?

We can’t care auuut your heads and hearts anymore, strangers, it is
our time now.

Apocalypse

No one can deny that we are prepared. Armed with a gas mask in
one hand and a machine gun in the other, with fear in our hearts and
hate pervading our guts, with senseless wars as a ﬁtting background
and nuclear overkill as the essential deterrent, and with poverty and
hunger as the supporting cast, mankind prepares to entertain the
1970's.

No one can deny that they have readied. also. With reforms of
curriculum in the left hand and a healthy disdain in the right, with
money as its nourishment and qualiﬁed ‘technicians' as its waste
product, with irrelevancy as a backdrop and learning as a camouﬂage,
the University also sends greetings to the new decade.

Ten years of incredible progress have brought us to the nadir of
human existence. Our greatest goods totally debased by our most
unimaginable horrors, we now reach the next milestone. into the
'70‘s, off we go!

What path will we take? Greater horrors of untold dimensions may
await us — or will there —can there— be a reversal of our suicidal
tendencies?

Will the University ever listen to those whose only stake in the
University is their lives? Can the day ever come when excellent
professors who can inspire and motivate are not ﬁred because of
jealousy and misunderstandings on their colleagues part?

Will this nation, for example, be wise enough to reevaluate herself
honestly? Can "she throw off a system which makes economy and
capital far mor precious than human life? Can she abolish a racist
sickness which devours _hcr insides?

Can this polluted planet redeem itself from its approaching suicide?
Can mankind ever end the scourge of war —~ a concept rooted in the
accepted belief that human life is not as valuable as trash?

So. what can we do? Joan Baez put her finger on it. baby. ‘It isnot
anyone else who is going to get us out of the bloody mess we are in -
it is only you and only me.’

We must rethink our values, and derive that which best beneﬁts
humanity. We must question, demand, examine. and act. We must say
‘no‘ when we know that mankind will beneﬁt from that answer. We
must transcend the ridiculously antiquated notion of national interest.
in respect for the reality of world-wide interests.

We must accept life as a mystical experience, holier than all else,
and then act to preserve and upgrade it.

You, the Great Lazy Majority, must realize your stake in a rapidly
deteriorating world.

The picture is not glum; it is apocalyptic. But it remains for you
and l and all of us to get our heads together and work for a society of
humans of the planet Earth. whose ﬁrst priority, is simply life. Like
man. what else is there?

Thanks

IAs the last issue of the Fall ‘69 ASP goes to press. we must set aside
some room to thank those people whose names never appeared in the
masthead. but whose work was nonetheless invaluable to the
production of this paper.

And so. we would like to offer a well merited ‘thunk you‘ to Robin
Berger, Marsha Helfand, Karen Kozminsky, Sharon Philipson, Arlync
Pincus. and Terry Wolf of our technical staff.

Additional thanks go to our reporters, notably Judy
Baldisarri,Robcrt Holmes, William Johnsoanvin J. McGirr. Diane
McNamara, Brian Moss, Judy Novicky, Dave Peck, Sharon Phili son.
Al Sonia. Perry Silverman, Ken Stokcrn, Robert Warner. and ickl

i in.

A special thank you to our typlsts. Lucy Grodson, Gloria i-lolllster.
and Wendi Lieberman.

Oh, and one last thought: an extra special thank you from tho

Editors-In—Chlef to the masthead staff. as dedicated a staff as can be,

found anywhere on the face of the earth. I
We wilh you all a happy holiday-«lwmk for Peirce!

  
  

 
 
  
 
 
 

  
 
   

’5

 
    

 
 

 
  

    
    

 

  

     

 
 
  

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

Tenure Qrwation

To the Editors:

During the last school year the University as a
whole received the directive to involve students
more closely in the decision-making process and to
“open the lines of communication" between the

must be a more intelligent and sophisticated means
to voice disapproval... So Stratton and Jeffrey,
think before you embark upon another malicious
diatribe. We’ve known Mrs. Kendall for four years...
We don’t feel like “Niggers.”

Harvey/ Casper

faculty. the administration, and most of all the Petition Procedures Arthur Debin

students themselves.

Since February of this year the History
Department has made an attempt to do so. At that
time Dr. Clara Tucker had been considered for
tenure but was denied. Students within the
department organized on her behalf and formed the
History Students' Association.

Since that time history students have become
more directly involved with the department and
now serve on its standing committees.
Unfortunately, the position of Dr. Tucker remains
in doubt.

Earlier this semester at a meeting of all
departmental tenured faculty. Dr. Tucker‘s case was
reviewed. She receivod the overwhelming
recommendation of her colleagues; however,
minority reports were submitted by a few of them.
The departmental recommendation then proceeded
to the Arts and Sciences Committee on Promotion
and Continuing Appointments where it was
summarily overturned. Upon request, this decision
will soon be reviewed by the University Council on
Promotions and Continuing appointments. ,

Dr. Clara Tucker is one of the few outstanding
undergraduate teachers at this University despite her
lack of publications. Her classes are always filled to
capacity: a result not only of her popularity, but a
testiment to her ability as a teacher. She has
inspired students to learn and continue in their
study of history.

“dying received the endorsement of her colleagues,
Dr. Tucker has been judged unnecessarily and
unfairly. The procedures established to review
departmental decisions on promotion and tenure
were designed to insure adherence to the policies of
the lionrd of Trustees. in this case the process has
become on of judgment rather than review. The
decision reached by her colleagues, those most ﬁt to
judge her, has been over-ruled.

The History Students‘ Association urges each and
every student who knows of Dr. Tucker's excellence
or has had her as a teacher to sign one of the
petitions currently circulating. Letters to President
Kuusisto by students and concerned parents are
always welcomed by the administration.

There is a place in this University for both
graduate and undergraduate teaching. lfone were to
be sacriﬁced for the other, damage to the University
community would be irreparable.

llistory Students‘ Association.

RPA Smear

to the Editor:

We would like to make it perfectly clear, that
despite the fact that Wnsscnnnn and Ramon are
members of our department of Rhetoric and Public
Address. they exhibited an uncanny knack for
debasing the vnry art which they sould have
mastered by now. In their letter to the ASP they
resorted to McCarthy‘ like tactics - the smear, the
innuendo, the half-truth, the unsubstantiated

assertions that play on the emotions. Titers surely

To the Editor:

For the past few weeks. [have been one of the
students circulating a petition which asked for a
new referendum on the question of mandatory
student tax; we obtained about 1900 signatures. A
week ago this petition was given to Central Council
so that its validity could be checked before action
was taken on the motion.

This week i discovered that some of the students
who had signed the petition were called by by
members of Central Council. They were asked not
only if they had signed the petition but why they
had signed it. Although this method of telephoning
has never been used on any other petitions, l was
informed by Central Council that they would
continue to use this procedure in the future . 1
strongly question the implication that the Council's
right to “review” petitions goes any further than to
ascertain whether or not the students did indeed
sign it. which has always been done by checking the
student numbers.

Few students on the SUNYA campus will sign
any future petitions if they feel that Central Council
is going to call on them tojustify their positions at a
later date. If nothing else, this method is an invasion
of privacy and assuredly does not represent a
legitimate function of Central Council.

Sincerely,
Barbara Will

More Communications on Page i l.

 

STAFF

The Albany Student Press' is published two
times u week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones nro 457-2190.2194.

\Editors-ln-Chtcf
Jill Paznlh cit Ira Wolfman

News Editors! . . . . . . . . . . . .Kathy Husemnn
Anita ’J‘hayar

Assistant News Editors . . . . . . . . Nancy Durtsh
Carol H ughca

Arts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daryl Lynne Wager
Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daue Fink
Assistant Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . Mark Gmnd

I Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Pat O'Hern
i Assistant Technical Editors . . . . . .'I‘om Clinyan
r Linda Staszak

 

Photography Editor . . . . . . . . Marty Benjamin
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Ribah
Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . .Danlll Foxman
Features Editor  . . . . . . . . . . Berry Kirschner

Editorial policy of the Albany Student Press is

' determined by the Editomln-Chief.

 

 

 

Vol. W" No. I

Our University Sen

ate acts;

but in non obligatory manner

by Anita Thayer

Yesterday, the Senate of the
State University of New York at
Albany “condemned the inter-
vention of the United States in
Vietnam” and “denounced the
immoral violations of internation-
al peace and unjust interference
with the Vietnamese people's
right to scifvtlctcrmimrtion" The
University Senate is the only
r-lcclctl body with both student
and fucully rcprcscnlntivcs and
the only university govcrnmcntnl
institution with even a l'ncntlc of
responsinI power.

A resolution was sponsort-tl by
John T. Rcilly of thc Engliin Dc-
pnrlmcnt and Jack Schwartz, an
untlr-rgrntlunlc slutlcni rcprcscn
lntivc. llowcvcr. lhc Scnntc rcjct'l‘
c(l lhc last section of thc original
rcsolulion which snitl lllill thc
St-nnlc wns “oblignlctl” to tnkc n
slantl on important national issues
lrccnusc it is the “jnjmujor rcprc-
sculutivc body and uppropriatc
channel of expression for the
vicws of both students and faculty
in the University community."

The Sonate was first confronlctl
with Victnnm Resolution at the
Dcccmbcr 15 meeting. 'l‘hc Sonntc
Exccutivc Committuc, whose
mcntln'rs arc designated by Presi-
tll'lll. Kuusisto, rcfuscd to put the
rcsolution on the agenda as they
(lccmctl this issue not pertinent to
the Senate function. During the

course of the meeting several nt-
tempts from the floor were made
to discuss the resolution but to no
avail. Robert‘s Rules of Order
reigned supreme.

The meeting was adjourned with
little accomplished in the way of
traditional Sonntc business but. it
was clour to obscrvcrs that certain
lincshntl bccn drawn and all kinds
of games would not-(l to be played
before nnrl if the Scnnlc would
officially condemn the war in
Viclnnm.

An informal Inccting of thc Sour
alors was held on January 12 to
allow the Executive Committee to
ascertain thc scntimcnt. of the
Scnnlc with respect to dealing
with tho resolution drafted by
Reilly and Schwarz. Suggcstions
rungctl from abolishing the Uni-
versity toconduciingScnnlc mch-
ings morc in thc manner of Con-
tral Council nit-clings. As an out‘
growth of this mccting it. was
(lcciilctl by the Executive Com-
mittee that the resolution would
be placed first. on the Senate
agenda for its next meeting.

The Performing Arts Center was
the scene of the regular Jtmunry
Scnutc Meeting. It was an itlcnl
situation for (irnmnlics. There was
a stage for the presiding officer. a
gallery in the back for visitors, and
side gnllcriesl'or the press.

Environment issues
spark conference

The Unchrsity's interest in en-
vironmcnt sparked the first Presi-
(lentinl press conference of thr-
sccond semester. I’rcsidcnl Kun-
sisto nnswcrotl scycrnl questions
tlcnling with thc University's
uclunl activity in handling its own
cnvironmcnlnl problems.

Students tit-plorcrl the omission
of the disgusting exhaust. fumes
from United 'l‘rnction Buses used
in transporting University stu-
(lcnls. Most |)t‘ti|)lt' seemed to feel
that thc ilnivcrsity should hellish
lt‘lltli‘l‘ in fighting pollution of this
typo. although it was mentioned
lllnl this r'xlinllsl was lcss harmful
limo olhcr. lr-ss \‘lsrlih- forms

The rr-cr-nl cit-:irrng of lnntl for
grontnl li-sls lu-l'nrc lruiltlulg thc
proprw‘rl l“|r-lrl llnllm‘ also ('nIIic
umlci allot-ll, ()ru- .iogr)‘ hilltlt'llt
strongly urgcrl lln- l‘rcsltli-nl to
stop llu- :Irchrtt-r'l from th-slroying
thc unlurnl soiling Ktlusislo t‘llt‘tl
his own l.|t'l\ ol' |l()\Vt'|' in thr- silun-
lion. "’l‘lu- Hiour- approach is to
lllliltl on .| plum! llc‘s lllt' nrclri‘
lt-r‘l " l'lzrm. colnc from n r‘t'llll‘nl
Slatc Uiiiycrsily authority and
local prolcxl 1:. lllh only nltcr-
unirw

Rum.qu nluo .|I1l|liill|l‘('tl lllc ox-
islcncr- of lllt‘ 'l'owr-r 'l‘I'iliunc llii
purposc its as "u mcrgcr of pull-
ln'ntions. not uilcnth-tl lo rcpluco
or hillthllllllt' tiny bliltlt‘lll prunn."

'l‘Iu- high pricc of room routs
illlll lhcir (luturuuuntion also Wris
commonlctl upon. Students
hlit‘lllllll surprised to hear that
rcnts nrc sulisitlc'wd by tho Stuto

University system. Other coin—
pluints nboui. room cleaning nnrl
burglaries were discussed.

Security problems drew further
comment. One student comman-
cd that the Burns Gunrtls might
not be costly rcnchnble 'in
emergencies illltl questioned their
responsibility. A proposal was
voiced for students to be given
jobs as nasislnnla~ to Security pcr-
Honncl. This would lend hopefully
to better untlcrstiuuling of sturlcui.
problems llll(l responsibilities as
well as [rector lob onm- mm

 
   

Forum of Politics hosted two guest speakers yesterday. Mr, Georg

After a
quorum the meeting finally began
and the drama begun The con-
cerned, radical students who
backed the resolution were com-
pared to ani student unions by a
faculty senator. A student senator
reminded the Senate that “the
blood is on our hands because we
nrc lhc murtlcri-rs-..wu arc all res-
ponsible." Scnnlor Kcntlnll asked
for on intlcl’initc postponcmcnt
and n University-witlc Vietnam
rcfcrcntlum. Senator licilly makes
the point that Victnum is n focal
point for what is wrong with our
society and thc university“is in-
volvctl likc it or not."

The Vll‘lllillll rcsolution was
tclmctl among other things a
"tiny turtl" anti “:1 firsl small step
towards an affirmation of life in a
culturc of (loath which is not a
minor thing."

Eventually it was decided to
divide the original resolution and
discuss whether or not the uni-
versity wns “obligntcd” to take a
stand on the nationn ‘ues se-
parately from the discussion of a
condemnation of the policies of
the United States in Asia.

   

Yesterday's Senate meetings had
a fcw extra polishes. Several pas-
sionate speeches were made ex-
pressing concorn with the “proc-
ticnl and basic function of the
Scnnte." There was also some
emotive nppcnls asking the Senate
to realize that to many people the
war “is u very personal
thing...hnnging over people's
lives."

The administration nticmpls to
to table indefinitely the Vietnam
resolution itself after implying
that it would uncourngc discus-
sion.

An amendment. was proposed
which Would have meant. that the
Scnntc “condoned the growing
group of those whose consciences
forbid them from serving in the
armed forces." This was rejected,

A prcscnt of u pig's bond was
prcscntctl to the Senate by some
Student visitors.

45 minute wait for ‘,

Dr. Kuuito presiding officer of the Senate and president of the
e Senate‘s newest addition.

University with't

'Illegitimati
Non
Carborundum

Friendship leads

to Biafran aid

by Sharon Philipson

A dinner line collection will be
held on all quads ’I‘ucsdny nnd
Wctlncsduy evenings us the first in
n series of fund-ruining events
directed toward Binfrnn relief.

ioncern for the Binfrun situn-
tion begun with n pen-pal friend-
ship between Jason Roth, a
sophomore at the University, and
Christin!) Eklctlo from Port Hur-
court. Binfrn. Their five year cor-
respondence luster! until the
Binfrnn Civil War broke out two
years ago when Roth's letters
by someone who cscnped to seek
aid. in them. Christian said he had
about 15 people in his house “in-

e Flemmirng Jones. center. spoke on

President Nixon's Latin American Foreign Policy; and Mr. Alexander Lvlovrelos. right. discussed the need

' for returning democracy to Greece.

 benimnln

eluding refugees."
"Lives perish and hunger has a
great part in this war," he wrote.

“Myself. I am seriously affected
now because of hunger and linked-
ness."

Christian also requested aid
from Roth's parents. He explained
the situation in Binfrn: "I am
doing evangelical work in the
army—praying for wounded
soldiers and giving them words of
God. We suffer much hunger and
my parents would appreciate y )ur
help lll food, mnteriuls, medi-
cine."

Help is what Roth is trying to
gather. The money raised from
the dinner collection will be used
to purchase food and other slip-
plics which nrc so drastically need-
t'll. Jason is looking for people
who will help to further co-
ortlinulc the drive which was for-
mally launched February 2 with
the beginning of the new senses
lcr.

l’rcslilcni Kuusisto has given his
support to Ruth and hns appoint.-
Ctl his assistnnt, Seth Spellmnn. to
lllll lltc l'uutla'uising attempt. Tux-
cxcmpl slutus may be given to
Ruth through the State University
it‘oundntlons.

Other fluid-raising events are
being planned. A benefit. dnnco
may be held in the near future.
Pious will be mntlc to area church-
es in nu nttornpt to sccuro ruonoy
from fellowship funds.

All contributions and offers of
help may be addressed to Jason
Roth, Box 227, Waterbury Hall,
325 Western Avonuc, Albany,
12203.

  
      

 

 

