 

    
 

 

Com m out

 Student Power

' Studenu'want to be heard, they must and will be heard. Their
decisions, their influence will become the‘ deciding factor in all
segments of the University. i
luff now active participation by students in their departments is
‘the mesna’by which educational reform and relevance will come
. IbOIIt. -' ' L
, Blacks recognised tllis in their deina‘ndvfor the ability to aid in
Iconttnlcting the Afro-studies department. White students are still
lethargic .about such involvrnent. The cost of their'uninvolvment has
been at the expense of their education.

Students must be a deciding inﬂuence before a departmental
decision is made, not after. We must know what decisions are being
made, when, and by whom so that we can discuss the factors involved
and make our views known. only by communicating with department
chairmen and faculty will we gain any inﬂuence. By voicing our
thoughts we will be exercising the power of ideas.

This power is the ability to determine our own education, therby
inﬂuencing our development. it means an increase in individual
control over the future, a control that was, until recently, exercised
strictly by the faculty and adminstration.

Now it is our time to assume control in the form of “continuous,

   
 z ' the fi’pes‘islenetj

 

 

 

use

as

n ]

    
 

  

UM
mgmb 355055.

  

PageB

 

Communications

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

S

the great day has come

As of ﬁve pm this afternoon Friday April 25, 1969, alcohol will
be allowed in all dorms according to the guidelines set forth in
\ LAAC's alcohol policy. In addition all dorms whose policies have been
submitted to and approved 'by the .loint LAAC-Risdence Education
Committee may implement their policies. Those dorms who have not‘
'yet submitted a policy or whose policy has not been approved will
have no Open House policy until this process has been completed. ‘ t
' An additional guideline was passed by LAAC which states, “after ‘
closing hours in locked resident halls, the residents ‘of the hall MUST
employ an escort system during open visitation hours. Security police
will admit only visitors who are met at the door and escorted within
by their hosts or hostesses.”

All dorms whose policies are to be implemented must provide all
residents of the hall with a copy of the hall policy. The policies must
also be posted in the dorm in conspicuous places (columns in main
lobby, opposite elevators on even ﬂoors, etc.).

The final implementation of these policies has been the resnlt of
the cooperation of the administration and committees of LAAC,
including LAAC Alcohol Committee chaired by Steve Lobel and the
University Alcohol Committee, chaired by Neil Brown; the LAAC
Visitation Committee chaired by Jay Handelman and the Joint
LAAC-Residence Education Committee chaired by Jay Handelman.

 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   

 

 
  
   
   

These results could not have been achieved Without the help "of Norma
Edsall, and the entire Residence Staff, Dr. Thorne and the Student
Affairs Council as well as Gail Krausc, Joe Kaiser, Donna Simonetti,

All communications must be addressed to tbs
editor and must be signed. Communications an
subject to editing.

informal and effective student participation."

   

  
 
 
 

ms uoucm HAS ARRIVED! Students wl'now be shit to eﬂey
the company of the opposite sex 24 hours a day, while also having the
opportunity of imbibing in their own rooms. Sin and immorality No

  

  

Students Continue

Students continue to work responsibly and through legitimate
channels for the reconsideration of the non-renewal of term
appointments of Dr. Carol Waterman and Mrs. Constance Rhoads. The
students have been dismissed at the departmental level as “ﬁve year
old children." in direct contrast, students using physical force at
Columbia, Harvard, and Cornell are getting positive results. ~

The administration here has repeatedly emphasized that students
must use proper channels in order to have their viewpoint considered.
The students have done this and are continuing in this manner,
exhausting all legitimate channels. They are NOT asking to dictate
University policy—they ARE asking to be heard, and to have their
viewpoint conisdered.

We hope that they ARE heard by tile College ofArts and Sciences,
and by the President. Wc hope that the evidence which students,
acting as responsible citizens of the University Community, are
presenting will effect a reconsideration of the case. lfstudents, acting
responsibly, are not heard, to what means, then, can they turn?

Abortion

Thanks to our Assembly, women in this state still cannot legally get
an abortion in the case of rape or mental incompetence. The cannot
legally ask for an abortion if their health (physical or mental) is
seriously threatened or when the child is doomed to lifelong
defomlity “to the extent that he would never be able to care for
himself."

We are astonished by the idocy of the Assembly in not passing the

Butt Barred

To the Editors:

In his letter, printed Tuesday, April 16, Mr. Batt,
a student at the Graduate School of Public Affairs,
raises a question which he answers (by implication)
somewhat unjustly. The faculty of a major
institution such as our own would be expected to
take an active interest in the affairs and problems of
our time. This is especially true when by their very
designation (as in the case of the faculty of the
Graduate School of Public Affairs) the expressed
purpose for their existence is research into the
affairs of mankind.

Why then, Mr. Batt‘aska, is there no significant,
visible evidence of this concern, such as signatures
on petitions published in the “New York Times"?

My personal feeling is that any student at
G.S.P.S. who would ask such a question is totally
blind to what is going on in the academic world
around him, and is wasting both his own time and
that of the school's. To answer that the faculty
lacks this concern shows a total lack of
professionalism which one would expect in a
graduate student.

Quite obviously, Mr. Batt does not appreciate the
great extent to which our faculty has expressed its
concern with the world's problems. An individual
who signs a petition says nothing more than that he
recognizes the existence of a problem. Our faculty
has succeeded in accomplishing much more. By
actively engaging in research, an individual seeks to
uncover the underlying causes of the problem, or to
put into proper perspective the effects and
ramifications of the problem, and in this way
hopefully evolve a solution.

If Mr. Batt will put down the “N.Y. Times" long
enough to peruse the professional journals, he will
find them replete with results of our faculty's

the Committee's desire to eliminate either Mr.
Collier or his commission from our discussions of
the past week. All students were, in fact,
encouraged to be present and to be heard.

in his references to our article of April 15,
entitled “Another P-F considered," we feel that Mr.
Collier has slandered the students and faculty of this
university by his statement that there is too much
happening on this campus for them to think out the
implication of what they read in the ASP. We also
feel, most emphatically, that he has slandered us by
repeating three times that we lied or were
untruthful in our article of the 15th. Had Mr.
Collier rationally and calmly considered the plan
being discussed, one of the many looked into by the
Committee, he would have been able to see that it is
possible for a student to ta ye all 120 hours on a S-U
basis. We were not stating that it is absolutely
possible for every student, but it is, most positively,
possible for some--thus increasing academic freedom
on this campus. If just one student per year
graduates with 120 hours in P-F credit, we would
not have lied. The logic of our argument, as well as
the'mathematical probabilities are on our side, a
point Mr. Collier cannot refute.

Mr. Collier has angered, as well as insulted us. We,
in turn, demand an apology forand retractionof his
statements: 1) that the statement in question is “an
out and out lie," 2) that we disseminated
information that was not true, and 3) that our
article attempted to induce “huge credibility gaps"
with student opinion and was written as a “faculty
or administration puton."

Our article was written in complete good faith,
and if Mr. Collier chose to interpret it as anything
but, it was his prerogative. However, we would like
to bring it to the attention of both Mr. Collier and
the editors of the ASP, that the form in which Mr.
Collier's vehement response appeared--a news
article-dc journalistically incorrect, it should have
appeared as an editorial or as a letter to the editors

ASP

 

 

 

State University of Men Yorb at Albany

 

 

I

Vol. LVmJ8-4-1’ ;

 

 

Jeff Brewer and others too numerous to mention.

Victor Looper, Chairman of
L.A.A.C., made the following
comments concerning the new
policies.

“These policies will give
students a number of additional
freedoms and responsibilities that
will allow students to decide their
own limitations and be
responsible for their own actions.
l firmly believe that you will
accept these new changes in a
mature and responsible fashion.

“I also believe that this shows
that students,faculty, and
administration can and do work
together to achieve major
accomplishments and will
continue to do this in the future."

Each hall shall appoint a
committee to record the policy
and hours of visitation with Living
Area Affairs Commission and
provide each resident with a copy
of the policy and hours. it shall
also be the duty of the committee
to consider problems arising from
the policy itself or the hours.

In addition, each hall shall
provide for the hearing of
infractions of the policy and/or
hours, either through creation of a
hall judicial board or referral to
the next higher judicial board.

These guidelines are subject to
review and change by Living Area
Affairs Commission at any time.

 

the new LAAC policies, finally approved.

Psych. meeting

  

---Benjamin

cancelled,

Perlmutter, Collins consulted

The meeting, proposed for next Tuesday,

to discuss and clarify the Psychology Department’s position

concerning the Waterman-Rhoads issue was cancelled early last evening by Dr. Morris Eson. Dr. Eson said
that he would have a statement for the ASP on Monday.

Since the beginning of the petitioning,
Department and the Administration. The ﬁrst

determine whether any action was warranted.
As soon as student support became evident, each psychology professor was assigned a student liason,
whose responsibility was to inform and consult with the faculty on matters pertinent to the issue. Their

next step was to approach Dr. Shirley Brown, chairman of t
the April 18 edition of the ASP). The students felt that

the students have worked closely with the Psychology
step was to assess student opinion through petitioning to

he Psychology Department (as was reported in
“little progress was made."

Saturday morning, April l9, a meeting was arranged between Dr. 0. Wm. Perlmutter, Dean of the College
of Arts and Sciences, and those students who had previously met with Dr. Brown. The students‘ purposes

were to clarify their goals, and to seek the advice of the

between the department and students.

To this last end, Dean Perlmutter invited these students a
held last Tuesday. Here, the procedures for renewal of con

their desire not to reveal the reasons behind their decisions.

Central Council
developments

Meeting with Collins

Over the next few days, Dean
Perlmutter consulted separately
with the students and the faculty.
As the issue was still unresolved
on Wednesday, the students met
with President Collins.

They explained the issues and
informed him of the steps they
had taken up to the time of this
meeting. Collins expressed his

elections

Elections for Central Council

dean in establishing a constructive dialogue

nd the tenured Psychology faculty to a meeting
tracts were discussed, and the faculty reiterated

Office, Campus Center, Room
367.

continuing research efforts, the true test of one’s 0‘ y- Sincerely PE”: in she manner in W:ichithe and Living Area Affairs constitution

bill. All of the cases for abortion are valid, all are abnormal and not concern with problems. Our faculty is second to Susan Wiéth and 3938:3182 were ‘50" “CL “S Commission (LAAC) and voting ' . l R I .
within the control of the mother, She must be allowed to protect none in “demonstrating their awareness and Mom Kudz' ~ in the Student Activities C The, Constliéutlctsrnric evisllﬁns
herself from the horror of the above °°"°°"“" r°" the “WM,” Pmblem‘" The” “imply  Dialogue Assessment Referendum will take °."'""”“ ° 3" H mm” a“
' . ' . choose to express this concern in a more lace on Apr“ 30 and May 1 and ﬁnlShEd Work on the new Stutlent
The reason it was defeated was malnly on the last case. lfa fetus ls . . L t t ,h “K . k b k P . Association Constitution. The

. . . , constructlve,thoughlessostentatlous manner. “er- 0 '~' “"3 ‘5' 0° e" 2, 10 a.m. to 3 pm. In the ,

found to have an abnormal deformity which would insure lls . News." he stamp uume is Campus Center Main Lounge Commune, headed by Kg"
dependency on the mother throughout its life, the mother may Sincerely, d i a l o g u e H ins t. e a d t o i (above the Cafemria)_ Stoke}? vtvasutmcentlgll‘ forsnteg 1r;
request an abortion. Can a mother doom her child to his sort of life? Fred Ne" Peck The Albany Student Press is published two °°"f'°"‘““°“' The Pres'dent “" 9 °' ° "‘5 e u ‘3“

Would it be kinder, more merciful, to let the child be born not having
the ability to develop like other children?

-.- “ vote in these elections. Voters . . .
, n , editorial office is located in Room 334 of the l ’ , recourse. should have some must present their University Followmg these guidelines. the
can a mom” be CXPCClCd 10 be a COMMIT“ 'SlﬂVc 10 1| Clllld lllﬂl P F '1 A ‘n Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A. i  constructive outcome.” While the Identiﬁcation Card and their new constrtutlon provrdes for
will always need her? it cannot be argued that this type of existence as" at 9 gm   AIS? was f:;?d291d9(l)))élblgli class of 1918. i it majorl issue: still remuilrlcld Swdent Activities and Validation meet t. ﬁling-l0; ff Situt‘ileint If
. . . ' . . u . 8 P ones are ' . - l "“ unreso ve , t e students at C d “h H . P t ft ‘Oclli lon res. en an ce .-
would, at the very- least, be a severe mental and physrcal strain. As [,0 the Editors: Editowlwcmef I;  “pleased with the communication ar a e po s aymen 0 he President Prewously’ Student
Assemblywoman Hllbenbrand (D-Bklyn.) said, no woman should he .

forced to bear children when it can destroy her."

ll
? and they felt reassured that at St d Ls l- - m C t l by Cenlfﬂlcouncll- ‘ . ‘
The law would not have sanctioned “murder” in the legal or moral Advantage is a lie", has taken such an adverse NEW Edllor . Tim Keeley SUNYA, unlike at other Counucilegndvzliglgglecgonznwﬁl Secondly. the constitutlon
sense. it would have given women the ability to free themselves from :ttitlirde l3 thetCommittie on Academic aturLdiFg's ﬁxgz'igofem Editor Katcby linger“ ; ‘ iunivrzrsitiesijthsy raced not disrupt We mo,de ,0 their “mg mu mt; Ecgafsidizzudﬁzt
. I _ I  ur er a emps at gat ering in ormation eore “'0 C “W "or 9" ° 9 “ar- St t D t h C l i l 8 .
unﬁnlmnablﬁ“"cugul‘nfeshfmnl :"f?"e°"bh‘:”l‘ ‘f’lﬂcmsclllﬁ I making its decision on a puss-fail policy. We are Sports Editor Jim Winslow ' This Monday, April 28, there gourm‘illm)“ fir' nex‘: weir: forty-one of the any Central
omenm 'con me o ave a or Ions u Since 103/ Id t "0 certainly nottrying to rally support for the proposal Feature Editor Gary Gelt will be a general meeting of any Studenw who will live 0,, Alumni Councll deleams be popularly
been legallzed In these most necessary cases. only those who can we are discussing at this time, but instead, to see Technical Editor: Pat O'Hem. BillShame 3 students concerned with this issue Quad m, m, win M, mm for elected.’Presently, only ﬁfteen of
afford them will be relieved of unwanted children. how students react in reference to it, The poll that Photol'aphy Editor Ed Pot-homes: at 3530 in the Social Science Central Council and LAAC Council a thirty-two seats are so
[n addition, doctors who can properly perform abortions are the commission took was certainly enlightening as BMW“! MOMS" Philip Front-hm]  Buildlng. At this meeting, it is “magnum” um“ next ML determined. .
allowing Women. under presentlaw to die while they mislltllavelivcd g” “ ‘ °°mplele Pa" [5“ “WW” “1 “oncemed- Adwm'l", M‘m‘w' Dani‘IFax'Mn :‘g’acwd‘ “‘8‘ "m0" “mag” Self-nominations are open for The commullo" '3 3 Whole
owever, the Committee is interested in knowing NAT HENTOFF NOTED jOURNALIST wins on “Black Power It ormst on wi be avalla In t 1 on no" and LAAC until will be ‘1ij u .n o n
"“d“.l"°f°m°ml “‘5' how students react to other 8-U plans. it also may The “hwy student PW“ mum" “0 ' Peak concerning the future course of can u “ Pa

For these reasons we feel that Assemblyman have continually made
the mistake of not passing these refomls. "Women should not be
forced to bear an unwanted child." We hope that next year, when the
bill is reintroduced. that it will ﬁnally pass.

  

Graduate Fellow
Graduate School of Public Affairs ‘

We find it truly deplorable that Mr. Collier, in his
article of April 18, entitled “Partial S-U System

be of interrest to Mr. Collier that the Committee
has sought further information through letters to
graduate schools and Unlveraltles that already have
an S-U policy of some sort. in addition, it was not

times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP

Jill R. Poznik & Ira J. Woifman

responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions

 

do not necessarily reﬂect its views.

 

 

 

   
  
 
  
 
  
   

and Beyond" at 8:00 PM. in Dra r Hall tonight. S named by the
Forum of politics and the Equal pportunity Comm ties, the lecture
is free and open to all.

 

r assured the students that, at our

university, this method of

established during the meeting,"

action on this issue, resulting from
consultations with faculty,
students, and administration.

All undergraduate students,
except seniors, will be allowed to

Student Activity Assessment is
NOT required.

Monday at 6 pm. Forms may be
picked up at the Campus Center
Information Deals and dropped
off at the Student Association

Association more receptive to the
wishes of the Student Body.”

Association officers were elected

hearing at 7:30 Tuesday. The
room will be announud Ithhl
afternoon.

 

   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
 
   
  
 
       
 
 
    
 
   

