  
    
  

  
  
     

 
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
 
  

 

 

 

COMMENT

 

_ ‘ We view the current poll on Recrutiment on Campus as a deﬁnite
- good: it hasstir‘red thought and stimulated discussion.

we agree with those who call for the continuation of the present

those favoﬂng a semiotio‘n on recruiting.

. ‘ This campus is not an “ivory tower" refuge from the outer world.
It ideally is a beuer preparation for entrance into that world.
“Cleansing the campus” of outaideinfluences will not make it more
pure;it will make it less real.

We see the placement service as exactly that—a service for students
who are concerned with the pressures of job getting and employment
after graduation. Whether or not you see the campus as the proper
place for preparation for employment, the fact is that a majority of
students on campus are here in order to more properly prepare
themselves for a vocation. The service is a valuable aid to them.

The basic question we must address ourselves to is not whether the

"placement service has a right to be her, but rather if University funds
should  used'for Placement Servico salaries and expenses. ‘

I We regret that University funds, so scarce in this year of great need,

"are‘lbeing spent ,ori"nonacadeniic items such'asplacement service.

However, we feel that'the fun" are justified since this is a service

open to. the use of all students.

“open carnpus” policy, although we can see merit in the argumetns of I

c." in ’rnuch the same way, the Counseling service on campus is funded
by the State and is available to all students, though many of them
may not have a need for those service. '

‘Whether the organization represented is Dow Chemical or VISTA is
of little coanuence, for. if we, permit VISTA to recruit, how can we
deny Dow? Therationale that Dow is immoral does not hold, for
although we' may agree that Dow is participating in “immoral”
actiVities, in much the same 'way Dan Button viewed Mark Rudd’s
appearance at thie University 'as"‘immoral." He was soundly (and
rightly) chastised by students and editors—so we cannot turn the fable
and use that faulty rationale in this case to our favor.

Although, we  reservation as to thc propriety "of using State
funds for placement, we see» the newbie ‘ali some to students and
therefore urge you to vote for an “open 'ca‘rnpus."

  z

' Senator‘lilynn,‘sponsor of the Senate‘s anti-riot proposal will be on
campus“t'omorrow"(Ballroom, 7:30’pm)'to explain'the bill.

We strongly suggest that students‘conduct themselves in a decorous
manner.'We advise this because wc’feel that students,in proving their
respect‘for freedom of. speech and lawful assembly, will refute the
legislature’s contention that these rights should'be restricted.

Here is a chance to find out exactly what'was on the minds of‘the
senators when they passed this purely punitive legislation. The
opportunity will perhaps be available to question the chances of
success of a similar bill revised or modiﬁed, passing in the Assembly.

An important point to examine is who shall determine what
“unlawful assembly, aggravated harassment, and criminal nuisance are
defined as?" (Assemblywoman Cook)‘Who shall determine guilt or
innocence?

We expect the questions to be direct and explicit, exhibiting
understanding of the gravity of such action by the Senate.

We would like to remind students that the Assembly, next in line to
pass judgment on the intent of this legislation will be watching Mr.
Flynn's reception by this campus.

Recommendation

The decision reached by this newspaper is to not recommend any
candidates for MYSKANIA this year.

We do this for a variety of reasons. Personal biases and close
relationships with many candidates, especially those involved
intimately with this newspaper, have created a situation which we feel
deems it inadvisable for us to make recommendations. To influence
the student body, with a viewpoint which may be less than objective,
seems to us a misuse of the Editorial powers of the ASP.

But in forfeiting our opportunity to name those we see as most
deserving, we do not relinquish our right to chastise the student body.
Far thb'often. you into for those whose compilation of positions is
impressive, rather than examining what the candidate has done with
those positions. We urge you to reward those who have proven
themselves efﬁcient and capable at their positions-those who have
provided leadership and inspiration; not those who have acquired
“good images." ‘ ~ ’ - . , I

The maturity of a body, of voters may be judged by the criteria
they, apply in choosing their officers. it is our fervent hope that the
maturity of our student body is exhibited favorably during these
elections. uw

V ampasgrecruning ; .

me but
va

 

Spare a:

  

1 u AM
uin of ms I

'mf; 

‘Lm - 00. Li
M I! '“YMW'W

WM'

 

automatons was.“
“manual-g f3“ 5

THE?

 

symbols

  
   

 

Communications

 

Zurich Incident

To the Editors:

This letter is in regard to the statements made in
the February 19th issue of the New York Times
article concerning U Thant’s stand on the latest El Al
incident. We deplore his lack of reciprocal action
concerning lsrael and its Arab neighbors. '

on December 31, 1968, ‘a Security Council
meeting was ‘ to ‘ lancl's ' "
counter-attack on the Beirut airport. Yet, this most
recent " attempt on fifty El Al passengers has not
elicited’any' condemnation by the Security Council.
This is a‘ gross inequity demonstrating the Security
Council's apparent judgment of thecountry involved
rather than the specific incident. at
' When the Popular Front, Al Fatah, and other Arab
guerilla' organizations involve other countries, it
should be the duty of the United Nations to
intervene here,” Well, regardless of whether these
groups are a national army, or: are abetted and
protected by the countries from which they orginate.
such unwritten approval of 'Arab terrorist attackaare
merely glossed over by the Security Council, while
lsrael is begged 'not‘ to retaliate for the wanton
destruction of its property. How can the United
Nations Security Council pose to be a non-partisan
body concerned with peace negotiations in the
Middle East with repeated examples of such bias?

Roy Aden-President Pro-tom, Am Yisraol
Hersh Cousin-President, Hillel Society

Judith A. Kirschner-President Pro-tom, Am Yisrael
Perle Lelbowitz-Vice-President, Hillel Society

Tongue Thinking

To the Editors:

The plague of thinking with one’s tongue instead-

of one’s head which has struck our intellectual life in
general has reached our campus. Various events and
controversies reﬂect this. The use of over-blown
hyperbolic language was seen in the blowup over the
Am Yisrael group. it is time that we look at our
university life in perspective first before making
accusations.

Some pro-Arab statements by a professor and
procrastination in introducing Hebrew into the
curriculum do not indicate a “faculty top-heavy with
anti-Semitcs" anymore than " "votive
communication gaps are sign of a school of racism.
Similarly charges of “religious fanaticism" are quite
inappropriate when applied to a group, such as Am
Yisrael group, which has taken great pains to operate
as a secularisl and non-religious group.

The university is a place in which calm and
rational discussion should be encouraged. We all have
passions and we all have prejudices, concerning a
whole host of phenomena, including anti-humanism,
scientism and anti-feminism, but for the purposes of
true dialogue these must at times be muted.

if one invites a pro-Israel group to participate in a
dialogue, it hardly seems polite to do so in a letter in
which their cause is called “the defense of an already
aggressive and cancerous state." A dialogue between
Am Ylarael and groups such as the SSA, the SDS,
and the Arab Students group is certainly called for,
but it should have been done either in the form ofa
24«hour T-group session or in a well-planned series of
small-group discussions, not in the format of an open
meeting in which V there is likely to be more
superﬂuous shouting than mutual understanding.

Walter P. Zenner, Department of Sociology and
Anthropology ,

Math Revision

To All Students:

The Math Department is now revising its Calculus
courses for the Fall semester of 1969. Instead of the
present system of three moderate size classes, and
one diacunion per week, there will be two hour
lectures to a class of 200 students each and two
discussion groups.

This will hinder the student-faculty relationship
and also the students' ability to learn. The amount of
personal problems that you can direct to your
instructor will be drastically reduced.

We feel now is the time to question this action in
relation to our own beneﬁts. If you want action, sign
the petitions that will be posted in the Earth Science
building and on the dinner line at State Quad. Act
now, or suffer the consequences! Your education is
at stake! . .

Respectfully,

Linda Patchen,

Bernicc Davidson '

Required Comp?

To the Editor:

Your Feb. 26 editorial, “Required Comp?," was
very good. I agree that Comp. should be an elective
and that it should be offered on a pass-fail basis.

I teach English 100. It can be a good course, but '

this is no justification for requiring it or any other
course for all students.

Course requirements are an insult to the students;
worse, they contain a prophecy that is self—fulfilling.
The assumption behind course requirements is that
students lack the maturity to make choices; but the
denial of choice is what keeps the student immature.

As for pass-fail: everyone is in favor of it, and no
one justifies the present grading system. So why isn't
the present system discarded, as it so richly deserves
to be?

If students are so unanimously opposed to grades
as they seem to be, why hasn't there been a petition
to that effect signed by hundreds, indeed thousands,
of Albany Students?

Curtis C. Smith, Assistant Prof. of English

ASP STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two

times a week by the Student Association of the

State University of New York at Albany. The ASP

office is located in Room 382 of the Campus

Center This newspaper is funded by S.A. Tax.
Editorsi-ln-Chlef

Jill R. Pazm'h & Ira J. Wolfman

 

 

News Editor
Associate News Editor
Arts Editor

Sports Editor

Tim Keeley
Kathy Huseman
Carol Schour
Jim Winslow

Feature Editor Gary Gel!
Technical Editors Pat O'Hern, Bill Shops-e
Photography Editor Ed Potskawski

Buoimm Mannie?“ Philip Franchini
Aducrtlalng Manager Daniel Farmer:
The Albany Student Press assumes no'
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reﬂect its views.

 

 

 

 

I ALBANY    

PRESS

 

 
VOTE F or
Flynn?
Friday. March 7. ts“

 

 

 

 

Danes meet
LeMoyne

  

ﬂukele toumament

sitar"... rallies were climaxed Wednesday night by
support the Great Danes in their quest for victory in tonight’s NCAA

STAT! WW OF NEW toss A! new ‘

Bonfires and rallies every night,
banners a is New York Mets, an
Albany Stater making the UPI
All-American Honorable Mention
list. What can so much activity
mean? ‘

The answer, simply, is that
Albany has its first NCAA
tourney-bound basketball team,
featuring All-East and, now,
All-American, Rich Margison.

The United Press International
made their announcement
Thursday, only two days after
Margison ended his regular-season
career with twenty-seven points
against Oswego State, as Albany
won 62-54.

These twenty seven points left
him just five short of the all-time
State scoring record of 1365 held
by Don Cohen ('63). That same
night, Rich became the all-time
ﬁeld goal scorer as he broke
Cohen's record of 523 by three

      

 

  to

Photo by Potskowski

Flynn, riot bill grilled by students,

open discussion is

  e by Tom Carey

Capitol Correspondent

More than 500 State students grilled Sen. John E. Flynn, R—Yonkers, Wednesday on the bill be has proposed to cut off state financial aid

to students convicted in connectio

n with on-campus demonstrations.

Flynn, appearing on campus for a lecture, said, “I knew when I came here tonight i wasn’t going to be given a piece of strawberry

shortcake.”

Flynn said the only way the Legislature can “express the desires of its constituents" is to control the financing of the state scholarship

program.

Flynn pointed out that he has received many letters from parents in his district asking why the state gives money to students who violate
the penal law, while their sons and daughters do not haVe the opportunity for higher education.

The former mayor of Yonkers said that he did not believe his bill attempts to curtail the right to express dissent. He added, “i believe
absolutely that every individual has the right to express themselves—whether by assembly, parade or by a picketing operation.”

[canard Kopp, Albany State student, questioned Flynn's remarks about being the great friend of education.

Kopp said, "You talked about all the students who cannot get into the state college and said you want more students to go to college.
How, then, can you allow the budget to be cut by five percent?"

The Senator replied that the Legislature is trying to amend the governor’s across-the-board cut into a selective cut.

Donald Whitlock, Albany State director of financial aids, told Flynn the Legislature is leading the public to believe that his bill is “a
panacea for disruption. The taxpayer sees it as an answer to a real problem, but it is not."

Whitlook added that the bill would establish “dkconoartlngly unequal syst

survive financially, while the poor
will not."

When asked if he though the
Governor would sign the bill if it
reached his desk, Flynn said he
did not. know and “could not
answer that."

He added that Rockefeller
“makes his decision after hearing
the consensus of his various aids. I
have no idea of what he is going
to do.”

Commenting after his
confrontation with the students,
Flynn said he “was pleased at the
attentiveness of the students. l
admire their frankness and think
this was a wonderful meeting.”

Some of the students did not
believe the meeting was so
“wonderful.” Some students felt
that Sen. Flynn did not address
himself to the questions asked,
but 'replied with the typical
political double talk.

In related developments,
Governor Rockefeller implied that
he would not sign the Flynn Bill if
it did reach his office.

At a town meeting at the
Thruway Hyatt House,
Rockefeller was questioned by
Joann Resoff, a State sophomore,
about the bill.

The Governor said that he
believed the college presidents and
trustees should control campus
problems and seek government
assistance if they need it.

Rockefeller added that before
the bill becomes actual law, “It
does have to get a signature from
the Governor."

Wednesday students had the opportunity to talk to Gov. Rockefeller and Senator Flynn. Flynn entertained

   
 

ems of penalties for students. The afﬂuent will manage to

f o

  
   

a large crowd in the ballroom with numerous wisecrucks, jokes, and few, if any,unswers. Earlier in the day

the Governor spoke at the Thruway
Motor Inn. Rockefeller attempted

Students talk with Rocky and friend

to justify his proposed cut in the budget and commented upon Senator‘ Flynn's riot bill.
Photos by Benjamin, inset by Cantor.

 

UPI taps'Margison, -

Danes in tourney

baskets. .

Margison is sure to break
Cohen’s record in the NCAA
tourney which begins tonight at
7:15 at LeMoyne College in
Syracuse. The Sauersmen will face
Wagner College in the ﬁrst game
with LeMoyne facing Montclair
State (N.J.) in the second contest..

The newspapers and wire
services have named Wagner the
strong pre~tourney favorite to
capture it and go on to Evansville,
Indians, for the national
tournament next. week.

Montclair has been picked over
LeMoyne to advance to the finals
against Wagner.

Fortunately, bonfires and
rallies do not listen to press
releases. The result of campus
enthusiasm has been seen
everywhere. Banners were
numerous and colorful at
Tuesday's game with Oswego. A
dorm director on Colonial Quad
has gone so far as to award a keg
to the banner judged the best.

Please turn to page 4

MARCH
on Capitol
next week

by Valerie Ives
Staff Reporter

The Confederated Student
Government has proposed that all
students in SUNY Schools
participate in a student strike the
week of March 17. The strike is
being conducted as a protest
against the legislature endorsing a
5 percent cut back in the State
University Budget.

Central Coun'cil, according to
Duncan Nixon, President of
Student Association, will
probably come out with a
statement on the strike after
hearing the results of a conference
held in Buffalo this week on the
subject.

It is assumed that there will be
other groups and individuals who
will participate in the strike on
their own, whether or not Central
Council supports it.

The strike would involve a
boycott of classes on March 17
and 18, and a student march on
the Capitol on the 19th. As many
students as possible from the
other State Universities will be
brought here to take part in the
march.

Although the strike is mainly to
protest the proposed cut in the
budget, it is also being held to
support the proposals that the
Confederated Student
Government came out with at a
conference held in Oswego Feb.
21-23 -

it was brought out at this
conference, according to the
state's ethnic census, that less
than one percent of the students
at SUNY are black and less than
.06 percent are listed as “other”
(i.e. Puerto Rican, Cuban, Asian,
or American lndlsn), while close
to 20 percent of the state's
population is non-white.

Thus, the following proposals
came out o"! the conference:

Please turn to page 3

 

 <lln.~,_r

  

    
     
  
   
    
  
   
   
  

..  .1». «1‘ Ce...‘

  
   
   
  
 
   
    
   
  
  
   
    
  

   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
     
    
        
  
    
      
   
       
     
         
         
       
     
      

 

 

