 
 
  
 
    
  
  

 

  

 

    
  
     
    
  
  
  
  
 

   

. t cgamr—a «dad a“M.m,3 _

 

 

 

 

 

second half with the same game

plan, but the Bombers changed

their defense to a pressing zone.

After a cold shooting spell abated,

the Danes quickly caught up and

went ahead to stay 53-51 at 10:40
, left in the game.

With a twelve point lead and
:40 seconds to go, Coach Sauers
emptied his bench—the game was
over. The buzzer sounded as the
scoreboard registered a 73-66
Albany triumph.

Contributing greatly to the
victory were subs Ed Arsenau and
Jim Sandy. Sandy scored eight
points, several in key moments.
Arsenau, although not scoring,
was a tiger on defense and caused
several Ithaca turnovers.

For the ﬁrst-time this season,
ﬁve Albany players ' were in
double figures. Jim Caverly and
ulack Adams scored ten each. Jack
Jordan had fourteen markers.
Scott Hice had fifteen points and
Rich Msrglson had sixteen.

Margison, hitting well under his
average of twenty-one points per
game, was double teamed all night
by the Ithacans, but turned in a
ﬁne performance on defense—not
to mention the, sixteen markers.

  

Scott Price scores for the Danes.

 _ ‘creatmm‘nownnhaca:
*T if 73-‘66Victo. Is No.11

- 'I‘hOf Din“ ﬁlm out in "l" It wai evident t m the outset '

of Wednesday's State-Ithaca game
that - there was something
different, something important
about this particular occasion.
The biggest crowd of the season
sensed it when they were handed

‘ song sheets as they came in the

doors of the State gym. Albany
had a ten game winning streak and
was hoping for an NCAA
tournament bid.

This very Ithaca club had
spoiled in fourteen game streak last
year and their recent play pointed
to another similar performance.

The blue and gold Bombers
held a decided height advantage
with 6-5 All-America candidate
Greg Albano and 63 Ed Kowalslri
up front for them. The opening
tap saw Jack Adams score for
Albany on a driving layup;

‘From there, the lead changed
hands throughout the half until
Ithaca held a slim 35-33 edge at
the half.

Albano scored time after time
from in close for the Bombers and
proved his all-star status. A big
disappointment for Ithaca had to
be the sloppy play of Kowalski as
he picked up three quick fouls
and was forced to the bench.

'te

photo by Andy Hochberg

State - Siena Tonight

Tonight’s game against Siena College of Loudonville will be the
twenty-ﬁfth meeting of the Great Danes and their local rivals. Always
a game in which past records and statistics mean little or nothing, a
win for State could insure a well deserved NCAA regional tournament
bid. Beyond this, even, no Albany basketball fan, alumnus or student

 

would consider the season a success without the sweet feeling of a
victory over their arch-rival.

The indians hold a slim 11-13 edge in games in the series, but this is
due to, largely, their performances against the old Teachers’ College of
the 1930-60 variety. In those days, the Indians were nationally ranked
and took a victory over the "Teachers" as a matter of course.

The first State-Siena contest was held in 1934 with Siena on the
winning and of the score. They went on to win the next five straight
games against Albany and, in fact, State did not win against Siena
until Coach "Doc" Sauers arrived on the scene in 1956. After losing
his first encounter that year, Sauers upset a strong Siena club, 62-46.

Albany has won the last four outings against the Indians. They won
59-58 in this year's Capital City Tournament Championship game.
Before that they had beaten Siena 76-75. 79-72, and 69-62 in the
1967 Tournament final. In fact, State has met Siena for the City
Tournament championship six out of the eight years that the tourney
has been played. State, Rensselacr Poly, and Union—~will take part in
the Christmas tournament.)

Albany State’s hardcourters are riding the crest of an eleven-game
Win streak with their most recent win being over Ithaca College,
73-66. Siena lost its most recent outing, 82-79 to Marist College of
Poughkeepsie. The Indians are 8-9 on the year.

Again, as has happened all season long, State will be at a height
disadvantage. Siena has a pair of 67 men up front in Tom Sheridan
and Bob Herman. Herman, along with Tom Walsh are the leading
scorers for Siena. Siena will average 6-5, while State will start a team
averaging about 6-0. Siena is the tallest team State has had to face
thus far this season.

. . EDITOR'S NOTE: As has already been said, forgetting statistics and

records, the State-Siena game could only turn out any one of two
ways: State could win. or Siena could win—but the latter doesn’t seem
either appealing or probable.

 

Jim Caverly, senior forward
from Rochester, broke an Albany
State record during the game as he
contributed nine assists. The old
mark 'was set two years ago by
Mike Bloom ('67) who had eight
in a single game.’ ,

Albany was beaten under the
boards as they were
out-rebounded by the taller team,
45-38. The formula for victory
was what seemed to be the best
"team" effort to date. The Dance
shot a solid 27 for 57 from the
floor for a 47% mark.

The Danes will take on their
traditional rivals, the Siena
Indians, tongiht at the ’I‘roy High
School.

EDITOR’S NOTE: Buses for’
tonight’s game will leave the old
and new (from the circle)
campuses at six and 7 :30 p.m.

Fem ale
Crucial

One of the less acclaimed but
still highly successful sports at
State is the women’s
intercollegiate swimming team.
With a 1-0 record

(“VIC-an

MIXED M'I‘IONS ‘

l   _‘  xmasv. sesauaav 14,1959

 PBEAT SIENA" ,

  

I

Doc Ssuers is not  over outcome of this decision, but
he was pleased with State’s 73-66 win over Ithaca. Siena is to-

night’s problem!

photo by Andy Hochberg

Swimmers Face)

and finished ourth in that meet.

Finishing first in the
Invitational was the strong
University~of Massachusetts club,

in d a] Skidmore College placed second,
competition, the girls will hos the University of Vermont

Harpur this Saturday at 1 p.m. in
the University pool.

The team’s one victory came
last month against Potsdam State,
65-37. Prior to this, Albany had
hosted a nine team Albany
Invitational Meet in December

ﬁnished just ahead of State.

The other participants in the
meet were Plattsburgh State,
Geneseo State, Castleton, New
Paltz State, and Green Mountain.

Miss Meredith Forrest, Albany
swimming coach, has predicted
that every prior club and pool

AMIA Bowling

'The Choppers took the AMIA
League I bowling title for the first
semester by defeating the Shafts
in a play-off series.

The Choppers took the play-off
series, 945-809.

Going into the final game of
the season, the Choppers had a
two game lead over the shafts.
However, the Shafts, who are the
league's highest scoring team,
took three out of the four‘games
in the final match to force the
championship into a play-off
match.

The championship shaped up
all season as a battle between
these two teams, as their closest
rival finished 10 games back.

The Shafts set a season record
by rolling 1028 for a single team
effort. They also took team
honors with a three-game total of
2911.

The Shafts made a clean sweep
of all the scoring honors as Al
Giles took the individual title.
Giles had a season‘s average of
184.3, barely beating out Ron
Romano for the title. Romano’s
average was 182.6.

Giles also set a record for a

three-game series at the Campus
lanes, when he rolled a 743 series
on December 7. One of this games
in that series was 267, which was
the high single game of‘the season.

Only three other bowlers rolled
better than 600 series last season.
Nick Meister had a 615 series and
Bob Eichhorn and Royce Van
Evera each had 606 series to
round out the individual high
scoring.

The teams have already started
bowling to decide the winner of
the second semester title. The
champion of the second semester
will meet the Choppers at the end
of April, to determine the year‘s
championship title.

The final team standings are:

WON LOST
Choppers 32 9
Shafts 31 10
UPS 22 14
EEP 21 15
Steinmetz 13 13
Bad News 5 18 13
KB 17 19
APA 13 23

Theta Zeros l3 23

 

 

PRIMER
will accept coat/it'th
a at ca. mum. at

 

 

Meet

record should fall this Saturday,
owing to the vast improvement of
the squad.

Ronnie Sharp holds three of
the existing club records, in the
100 yard individual medley relay,
the 50 yard butterfly, and the 100
yard breast stroke events. Ellen
VanNortwick holds two records,
in the 50 and 100 yard freestyle.

Other records are Alice Allard
in the 50 yard back stroke, Cathy
O’Connor in the 100 yard back
stroke, Ann Rohrbach (no longer
swimming) in the 50 yard breast
stroke, and Karen Hoffman in the
grueling 200 yard freestyle.

The two relay team records, in

the 200 yard medley relay
(Allard, Galloway, Sharp, and
Vecchi) and the 200 yard

freestyle relay (Vecchi, Allard,
Hoffman, and VanNortwick) will
be up for brabs also this Saturday.

After Saturday's meet with
Harpur, the Dane swimmers will
meet Connecticut College for
Women (New London) on
February 24. Following this, they
will travel to Brockport State to
swim in the State Invitational
Tournament.

Hopes are high that Albany can
finish undefeated in dual
competition and go in to the State
meet with a clear chance for
all-out victory.

SIDELIGHT: Miss Forrest, it has
been learned, once coached the
Bermuda swim team in the
Pan-American games. She also
participated in the Olympic trials
some years ago.

Wall's
SUBMARIliES

Call IV 9-2627
or IV 2-0228

HIT!
DELIVERY

(Three Subs Minimum)
Mon-Sat
1pm - inn
Sun I Other Special

 

 

,_ Days tum-lam j

 

     
     
         
     
        
  
   
  
   
 
 
 

 

    

   
      
     
  
    
   
  

 

Faculty Senate

 

 

 

 

 

Photo by Tom Murphy

DR. COLLINS (left), President of Faculty Senate. stands f‘ I .
Dr. 'I‘ibbets (Vice President) against the N .Y. Senate action_ Irm y with

Meal plans announced for fall
students offered five choices

Robert Cooley, Director of Faculty Student Association, this week announced the meal plan options

that students will be able to choose from for the academic year 1969-1970. There are basically five plans,.

two of which offer the Kosher option. Unlike past years, students will be able to sign up for meals on either

a semester or year basis.

 
  

The following is a list of meal plans to be offered: I. 20 meals . . . . . . . . . . . . $310 semester,$620 year

20Koshermeals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..$380semester,$780year

2-l4meals.............. . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........SZSOsemester,$500year

l4 Kosher meals ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $315 semester,$630 year

3. l3 meals (6 lunches—7 dinners ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $280 semester,$560 year

4. 7 meals (Dinner only ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $225 semester,$450 year

5. 5 meals (Lunches only ) . . . . . . . . . . . ' . . . . $80 semester,$lt30 year

In issuing the five choices of meal plans, Food Service announced that they were discontinuing the
offering of second servings. They have also reserved the right to Ichange the prices on the above plans at the
semester break if financial studiesshow that the pricing is inadequate. Revision might be necessary in view
of unknowns in the five plans, such as missed meal factors, etc. Mr. Cooley also announced that prices on
Kosher-meals would have to be increased because “present charges do not begin to cover our cost."

Many students expressed a desire to see‘ a 14 meal plan allowing a choice of any two meals each day. on n mummde of grounds"

According to Mr. Cooley this could not be implemented because lunches are so much more expensive.

Also, any student who, because of class conﬂicts, has less that half an hour to eat, may get a pass to eat would .m'tempt, “to. Viomte buic
at the Campus Center. Class cards, student IDs and meal cards should be brought to the Housing Office-Mr. “Ems. and I'bert'es” . 0f ' the
Cooley added a note of caution. This year LAAC requested Food Service to provide prices on seven meal - student'
plans. Food Service came up with five plans which they felt would “cover the needs of all students." If asserted “"‘F the bi" Becks to
year they may be requested to price ten plans and regumteﬂconduct‘ a role now set

‘ aside for the university. In doing
' so the State would turn state aid
into a

these plans fail to meet student needs, however, next
thus necessitate a straight cash or modified cash form of food service.

Ballot-box stuffing freshmen net-.-

Miss Walden dollars for dystrophy

by Tom Monteleon

After a week of voting, the
residents of Alden and Waterbury
chose Miss Ellen Shustak as Miss
Walden.

The contest was sponsored by
Gamma Delta Chi. The purpose of
the Miss Walden Contest,
according to Chet Fox, publicity
director of the affair, was to raise
money for the Muscular
Dystrophy Associations of
America.

The total amount collected was
$174.67. Ballots wore sold for
two cents each, 3 for a nickel, or
22 for a quarter. About 10,000
votes were cast for almost 50
different people including
residents and Resident Assistants
of Waterbury.

All the money collected was
given to Mr. Joseph Belz, District
Director of the Muscular
Dystrophy Associations of
America, to be used for local
patient service care, and buying
braces and walkers.

    

The crowning of Ellen Shastak by
Gamma Delta Chi highligh' ted a
contest to raise money for
musculsrdystrophy. , ,

Miss Walden

Photo by Tom Murphy



Sill! llllVIlSll’V OF NEW YOII AI Aim"

   
 
   

  
    
    

  

I ‘ Migfdlllly 21,130
Faculty Senate act
counters-N Y Senate

The Faculty Senate of the University in an expression of OPWluon
to the State Senate bill (8524) affecting eligibility of students for
ﬁnancial assistance, is urging members of the Auembly of New York

State Legislature to defeat the bill.

(The bill as passed. by the Assembly is appended at the end of this
article.)

In action taken at a special meeting Tuesday afternoon, the faculty
body adopted a motion pointing to what it described as a basic defect
in the measure; namely, "that it represents a punitive rather than a
constructive approach to the problems occasioned by the expression
of dissent in a free society."

Indicating that it shares the concern for resolving problems which
sometimes arise from expressed dissent, the Faculty Senate gave ﬁve
reasons for its opposition to the bill.

The measure would rescind, on grounds of legal offense, financial
aid originally awarded for academic promise; would infringe upon the
right of universities to govern themselves in academic affairs since it
would mandate that university officials implement its provisions and
prescribe a criterion for administration of scholarships: would
discriminate against economically disadvantaged students since It
would threaten only those students whose need requires them to use
scholarship aid; and would subject students to more extreme
penalitias than others who come into conﬂict with the law.

The motion stated that the measure is ambiguous and its
enforcement could involve universities in endless conflicts with
students, since the offenses requiring action are so broadly deﬁned in
the measure.

A copy of the motion approved by the 66-member body was
delivered Wednesday by J. Ralph Tibbetts, vice president of the
Faculty Senate, to the office of the Speaker of the Assembly, Perry B.
Duryea, and to the Clerk of the Assembly.

On Wednesday, February 12, 1969, the New York State Senate by
vote of 38 to 15 passed the following bill:

"To amend the education law,
COHHCiI in relation to eligibility for
Opposes

scholarships, scholar incentive
6 ° ' 9
not) bl“

programs and state and federal
aid. The People of the State of
New York, represented in Senate
by Norm Rich
Last night Central Council
made emphatic its positionon the

and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
State Riot Bill presently pending
in the New York State Assembly.
In a forceful position statement
Council condemned the riot bill

Section 1. The education law is
hereby amended by adding
thereto a new section, to be
section six hundred thirty-four, to
read as follows:

634. Ineligibility. No person
shall be eligible to receive any
benefits under this article who has
been convicted, w'ithout
subsequent pardon, by a court of
the United States or any state or
territory thereof, of any felony or
of the misdemeanor of criminal
trespass in the first or second

degree, unlawful assembly,
aggravated harassment, criminal
nuisance, falsely reporting an

."Ijhe bill, contended Council,

S pecifically' Council

pu nitive ' instrument,

maligning its intended function of
fostering higher education.
Secondly Council noted that
the bill does not discriminate'
between minor and major crimes.
Thus a student convicted of a
misdemeanor would suffer “cruel
and unusual punishment", being
reprimanded in the usual manner-
by the Penal Code, and theft
facing the additional loss of his

scholarship.
Hence, for the above and
n u_merous other reasons, the

position statement passed Council
by a vote of 24-0. It was then

distributed to all local media in '

the hopes of having some direct
affect upon the Assembly. ’

Also, Vic Looper announced in
his report to Council that LAAC
has proposed two fundsmsntal
changes in university living
regulations. Taking the form of a
bill, LAAC has recommended that

Continued on page 5

incident or. unlawfully possessing
noxious .material, and the
accusatory instrument alleges that
the crime was committed on the
premises 1_ol' any college. The
commissioner of education, in his

' discretion, 'mz‘iymremove the

ineligibility imposed by this
section upon receipt of
satisfactory evidence of good

conduct by such person for a
period of not less than two years
after the date of the payment of
any fine imposed upon such
person, or, the suspension of
sentence, or, from the date of his
unrevoked release from custody
by parole, commutation or
termination of'his sentence,
whichever last occurs.
., ., . I,

H2. This act shall take effect on

. the first day of September next

succeeding the date on which it '
shall have become a law,"

 

 

MYSKANIA‘ Nominations
inust be in .
SA office by Feb.’24«. V'.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

