v

s v‘-w '-

N A
w..—\ u». ~. ‘ ...a. A .5,,... A a A“ .—

_ .~\~‘M~

.. on, ... uni-ma

, A as —,~...-.A_...

 

 

Peg“

PAUL MANN:

The Exorcism

I Want To Hold Your Hand

SMALL TOWNS THE WORLD OVER have two things in common: little or no
privacy- and overwhelming amounts of gossip. The gossip begets the lack of privacy. In
the small town, gossip is the source of public information- so that gossip makes what
should be private, public.

People in small towns know too much- about one another. They are too closely
related to one another- by implication, incestuous. Incest is a mythic primal crime.
Incest: grom the Latin, incestum, incestus; from the French, incestus, impurity,
impurity resulting from closeness of relation.

Gossip is incest. Gossip: from Old English godsibb, from the French, god+sibb, sibb
meaning related god+sibb in the French meaning kinsman. By definition, kinsmen are
people closely related by gossip—and gossip is impure by definition. Gossip: idle talk,
rumor, not always true.

Small towns are also called hamlets. Hamlets are places where people never fail to
meddle in one another’s lives. Gossip is meddling. Meddling is impure—incestuous.
Hamlet (small town) is the home of mythic incest. Gertrude and Claudius all over again.
The incestuous sheets of the small town are the unwritten, but fully published, gossip
columns.

Small-town Gertrudes can smell evil instantly in the most innocent of actions.
Small-town Claudiuses are greasy politicoes, dab hands at social and financial
manipulations, owners of the local bank and local industry and local business, presenting
together, as kinsmen, a common front against "outsidersz" by implication, incestuous.
Something indeed is rotten in the state of Denmark. The rottenncss not private, but
public, through gossip. Gossip: a hamlet‘s sinister Scourge and Minister.

Scenes From Hamlet

Watkins Glen. New York is a small town—a lonely hamlet, almost medieval in its
provincial features, located on the souther tip of Seneca Lake in Finger Lakes Country.
For years the “Glen” has been a summertime‘tourist tarrytown and to a casual visitor it
must appear a typically tranquil, scenic vacation spot, one of those pretty-pleasing,
get-away-from-it-all hideaways, chn exceeding the beauty of the lavishly vcnccrcd
postcard.

Yet the beauty of the Glen is superficial, if natural. Few people in Watkins would
cordially tolerate being told that their town is a ruthless forum for incestuous, carnal
politics, character assassination, and more mundane forms of gossip, but, as they say in
the South, "'atsa fact."

This spring the Glen-Forum for incest was the scene of a thl-for-lcathcr hrouhaha
over sex-education. The donnybrook reached such cxplosivc proportions, that it made
national coverage in "Look" magazine last month. of course the controversy could not
remain apolitical. All sorts of political Neanderthals (including a wry vocal group of
Birchitcs and other right-wing paranoids) had to lend a Communist taint to the
emotional barbecuc. In the end, many peopltI in town found it necessary to recall
Watkins‘ past history in adultery, divorce, fornication, illegitimate pregnancies,
abortions, children caught "playing" with one another, and all other sci-called sexual
perversions. (Naturally, of all pcrversions, incest is best.) The results of the gossip-fest: A
man and a woman left town (no connection can be proved between their departure and
the sexeducation controversy), ominous threats to the property and family of school
administrators and Iots of negative publicity in “Look” magazine. The results
notwithstanding, incest is still best.

By this time you may be wondering what all of this has to do with the United States
Grand Prix and the answer is, plenty. Small towns the world over have two things in
common: little privacy and much gossip. Small towns, like Watkins Glen, and Grand Prix
motor racing have three things in common: no privacy, much gossip~and mythical
primal crime. Grand Prix drchrs are internationally renowned athletes of stellar talcnt,
heroes to many and idols to some. Placed, because of his uxtraordinary skill, upon a

 

DIALOGUE.

I Free. Coﬁec and Danish

i Every Thursday from 9—10 30 AM.

Patroon lounge, Campus Center

S «fonts invited

All faculty 9nd

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 7. 1969

of Grand Prix Racing

tragic Greek pedestal of heroism, a driver's private life becomes public—and hence filled
with gossip very much akin to that of a small town.

Collectlvely, Grand Prix drivers constitute a fraternity, an elite group of the world's
finest racing drivers of which there are fewer than 30 in number. This fraternity has been
called "a traveling monastery;" but though the life style of this fraternity is in some
ways analogous to a monastic one (as an odyssey of anguish in loneliness, tension,
fatalism, physical exhaustion, and mental agony). it differs from monasticism in its total
lack of love. American driver Phil Hill once remarked, “I think all racing drivers secretly
hate each other. . ." This is not difficult to understand, since “all fraternity is fratricidal,
There are always only two brothers: Romulus and Remus, Cain and Abel, Osiris and Set;
and one of them murders the other. Or rather they both accuse each other of fratricide
and put each other to death for the crime. . ." And what man, caught in the terrible
stink of male competition (especially in competition where death is axiomatic) in a
motor race, cramped in a cockpit, cooked by heat, dulled by fumes, wind tearing at him,
noise battering his brain until he wants to scream, facing the ultimate crisis of his own
foolishness—what man in these circumstances would not feel the primal urge to kill the
brother who wishes to beat him?

In this context of historical symbolism and mythology, Grand Prix racing and small
towns again find commonality. For both are allegories of mythic primal crime—one for
fratricide, both for incest. And there is further irony that small towns always. the world
over, sponsor Grand Prix races.

Hamlet in a Helmet—The Psychodrama

To the poetics of practice, which are much like the lyrics of Dionne Warwick '5 hit.
song of last fall, “Promises, Promises.” That is, on the Friday and Saturday afternoons
before Sunday‘s Grand '/4rix, the drivers come down to the pits for trial runs, only to

find their cars in a mechanical shambles. Thus Mewsrs. Graham Hill. Mario Andretti, John
Surtces, Jackie Stewart et al sit in their esoteric racecraft brooding, thinking “This is
where those Promises Promises end, I'm all through with Promises Promises now; their
(team rnanagcrs') kind of promises can (literally) destroy your life,"

Friday practice was made meaningless by heavy bouts of rain throughout the
afternoon session. Weather on Saturday was little improved: cold, damp, grim and grey,
Nonetheless, the drivers got a move on trying to lower lap times and psych each other
out for a slipstream tow. John Surtces (England, BRM) found his car overgcared becausc
of heavy cross-winds from the Northeast. His car's handling problems included
understeer, its engine bugs included fuel surge while motoring down the back straight.
John became increasingly disgusted .‘s practice on Saturday wore on and his pithy
remarks at the end of the session included a description of the car as a pig.

196$) World Champion, Jackie Stewart of Scotland, got a new engine in his
French-manufactured Matra on Friday night, which proved to be very much down on
power. He stood in the pits, staring off into the distance with the slcetyAcyed squint of
the Scots while the mechanics dickcred with the exhaust manifold on the left bank of
cylinders, to no avail. Stewart's practice times were comparatively good, however, a
1:03.77 put him 3rd on the grid on race day.

Team Lotus fielded three cars for Graham Hill (Eng), Jochcn Rindt (Austria) and
Mario Andretti (U.S.A.). The latter had a go in the new, four-wheel drive Lotus 63, but
Mario was not at all impressed with its performance and rightly so. The car‘s driving
manners were sudsy to say the least. Rindt had brake bothers and Stonefacc llill
changed shock absorbers, wing angly, and plugs. Poor Graham look unusually
disconsolate in practice, no false augury for what was to befall him during the race.
Rindt eventually took pole position with a time of l :03.62 (130.15 mph.). The pro-race
accolade was well-deserved as the Austrian tried harder than anyone else in practice
except for Surtces.

A total of 18 entries made up the field and unfortunately we don’t have room to give
them all comment here. Suffice it to say that the assemblage was very quick indeed. a
space of only 5 seconds separating first-man Rindt and last placed Moscr on the grid.

Sunday‘s weather was a great improvement over the previous two
days. It was a beautiful Indian Summer Sunday afternoon with that
cryptic, wistful death-knell quiet of October in it. The (irand I’rix was
late in getting started for the first time in its ninc-yuar history at lin-
Glen, as there were problems with crowd control on tho norlliwr-sl
section of the 2.1! mile circuit. The twenty minute delay left llllil' to
eavesdrop on a witty conversation between Dickie Smolhcrs and Paul
Ncwman, and sip champagne with Festival chairman John Kusslvi up
in the paddock at Sniothcrs‘ Racing Headquarters.

At 2:21) p.m., lhc bludgconing flail of cars torn off into llll‘
licorice-stick road‘s all-coming obscurity, raising ll1(' dust of

continued on page 5

 

Interfraternity
Council

Fall Smoker

llII transfers and upperclassmen
IllllllEll

c.c. Assembly Room

Saturday, October 11, 8-9 pm

 

 

 

TUESDAY , OCTOBER 7 ,l969

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

rips

 

THE
ASP

 

 

TS EAT THE BIRDS!

 

 

Bootch Dumped by Harpur
Coach Cites Poor Ofﬁciating

Coach Bill Schieffelin's varsity
soccer team traveled to
Binghumton this past Saturday to
play Harpur College. Seen by the
coach as a game which the team
would not embarrass itself (he
thought they would win) in, the
Danes came out on the short end
of a 5-4 score. it must be pointed
out, however, that this was, by no
means, caused by the teams
ineptitude, but rather was due to
very poor officiating.

Stale broke the ice very early in
the first period on a goal by
attackman Demetrius Michael at
the 2:01 mark. Albany’s one goal
lead was short-lived however, as
l-Iarpur came right back to even
the count at the five minute
juncture of the opening period.
This tallcy was the first evidence
of the poor officiating. A penalty
kick was awarded to the Colonials
on a disputed call. (The penalty
kick is called by the official when
a member of the opposing team
either intentionally touches the
ball with his band or intentionally
pushes an opponent). According
to Schieffelin, neither was the
case. Nevertheless, Harpur did
score on this shot and thus evened
the score at 1-1.

The lead see-sawed back and
forth as Harpur scored the third
goal of the game to take a 2-1
advantage. Albany then scored
two more to go ahead 3-2. Harpur
was not to be beaten however, as
they came right back to register
two more markers of their own to
up the count to 4-3. Michael
scored his third goal of the game
to tie the contest at four and send
it into over tim c.

The game was won in the
second 5 minute overtime period
on a goal by llarpur‘s Rich
Stoncgard. Schicl'fclin saw this
happening as a fitting end to a
hapless span of three games where
the team could “not got one
break." llc cited firstly, llarpur’s
sucond pl'lllllly kick as another
prime example. When a kick of
this nature is made, all but the
shooter and goalie stand lll'ltlltll a
chalk l inc approximately
twenty-five yi-ards in front of thr-

Grand

coulinucd from

Solomon‘s chariots, llic tarmac

goal. The kicker receives one
chance to put the ball past the
goal tender. Indeed, he got this
chance. The referee ruled,

however, that an Albany player
was in front of the line, thus be
awarded llarpur with an
additional try on which he scored.
Schicffelin, after viewing the films
of the game was convinced that
this ruling was not
justified...WELL, So much for
that. Michael led the team with
three goals with Basil Morgan

adding the fourth. Captain Jim
Shear contributed three assists to
the losing yet very encouraging
effort. By this I mean that 1) the
offense finally got going in time
for the big game with RPI one of
the finest teams in the cast, and 2)
the breaks cannot keep going

' against the Danes as long as they

keep playing the fine all around
soccer they have been playing:
they should explode any day
now!

Diamondmcn Split Pair

Play Siena Wednesday

by Candy Mirrer

Saturday‘s doubleheader
between the Albany Great Danes
and the I...I.U. Blackbirds was split
with Albany winning the first
game and losing the second.

In the first game, Dave
Wheeler's one hit pitching stopped
LIU 21. In the first inning, back
to back triples by Mike Agolic and
Steve Flood, followed by a single
by Rich Spiers resulted in State's
two runs. LIU's only hit came in
the third inning,

In the second encounter, Stan
Gatto of Long Island University
shut out the Danes 4-0. Albany
made only three hits in the game,
twa of which were made by Jim
Sandy, the team's captain.

l-ly Doolittle was Albany's
starting pitcher. After giving up
four runs in five innings, he was
relieved by Ilowie Smith.

On Wednesday, the Danes
lravcl to Sicna, Albany's
traditional sports rival for their
last game this fall. In the past,
Albany has had an l|~l Won-lost
record against the I’apists.

(‘oach liurlingamc said that he
regards this gamc as a “chach to
cxpurimcnt." In this game, ho
plans to use all the players so thal
they may gain some experience.

In n-gard lo pitching and

Prix

continuously swolling, holibing,

bur iconin' before them continuously attenuatin 1, swallowin I behind
I. L i . ls

lhcm for the next two hours.

ltindl (Lotus-Ford) brought In his drle a particularly (li‘lit'atv
fuming motion and was ncvvr really hmnh'd, ilfll‘l‘ \Vorld (dialiipion

Stewart rutirI-d Willi an oil leak a

third of the way though the race.

I’iurs Courage fllllﬁlll'tl second in a lli‘ahliam Ford, Ulysses Surtces was

third in his ratlly old mother of a

llllhl. ltindl covered the 121R llllll'

distanci- in a record I hr. 57 min. filid seconds for an :iVi-I'agl- speed of
l'_’.(i Illi mpli.. as a crowd of ovvr lllt),l)t)(l looked on

l’oor (iraham hill r'i‘ashi-d al rat-0's uml on lhc top of the hill past
“‘0 pits after a blow-out lh- suffered a broken right leg and dislocated
left knee in Iln- ensuing mcloc, and now lies in Elmira's suburban
Arnot~()gdcn hospital purhaps wondering if a man must from the crisis
of his foolishness. A man can chase a (lrcnm too far too long.

Organizational Meeting

Alb
_ anyfilm-making

7W 0a. 7 ca 373, 7:00 am

Society

 

batting strength, Burlingame says
this year will be a rebuilding year.

With George Webb, Rich Petrei
and George Margan no longer on
the team, the only returning
varsity pitchcr is Dave Wheeler.
The coach remarked that a
problem has arisen, however,
concerning Wheeler’s eligibility
for the spring season. The former
is awaiting to hear from the

Eastern Collegiate Athletic
Association concerning this
matter.

With the loss of Jack Sinnott,
last year's captain, and Jim
O'Rourke (both batting over
.300) the batting strength of the
team is also weakened.

Burlingame feels that transfer
student Mike Agolie can be
thought of as a replacement to
O‘Rourke, whose loss, he says, “Is
a big gap to fill,"

AM

by Mike Schweigert

At the end of the second week
of A.M.I.A. League 1 football, it
appears that the winning teams
are adding insult to injury; so far,
in five contests, the losers have
yet to score a touchdown - or
even score! As a matter of fact,
the winning teams' offensive
machine has had a rather difficult
time putting points on the board.
It's usually a great defensive play
which sets up the scores; in four
of the five games a total of
eighteen interceptions have taken
place, two punts have been
blocked, and a few PA’I‘ tries
never left the ground. Aside from
luck and some great individual
efforts in the secondary, this
defensive domincncc lies in the
aggressive play of the defensive
line. The offensive line has been
overrun and outhustlcd, forcing
quarterbacks to run for their lives
- and its awfully hard to throw the
ball with much accuracy while on

    

...de young

the dead run.

The amazing thing about this
defensive dominance is its’
universality: no team, winner or
loser, has been able to dominate
play with a consistent offense.

In the lone game played in
Satuday's cold wind, TXO
defeated Johnson Hall 18-0.
However, the point spread does
not indicate the true story. TXO
was only able to complete eight of
twenty-four passes, which set up
only a field Goal. The other scores
came on an interception near the
Johnson goal, an interception run
back for a touchdown, and a
safety which came ironically on
one of Johnson’s five completed
passes.

In the first half, Johnson had
several scoring opportunities, but
TXO‘s defense was unyielding.
During the second half it was
TXO‘s defense which seemed to
arrive in Johnson's backfield the
same time as the ball

Harriers 7th at LcMoync

by Bob Familant

'l‘htI ircat Danes finished fifth
in “11' lit-Monyu Invitational last
Saturday amid the fastest pace
cvur run there. In a pleasant
surprisc for Coach Bob Munsr-y,
the Great Danes finished with MG
points, just 20 points out of
second. The winncr for the second
year in a row was Cortland Slatc
with 7-l points, The pacu was so
fast that the first nine fll'llSlll‘l‘S
boat the provious course record,
set. last your. Slalv runners placed
sl'Vl’lllll, cighth, tliirt.y~thir(l,
forly'fiflll, and l'ily~third. ’l‘ht-y
Wi-rc Dennis Hacks-it, Pal (icpft-rt,
I’aul Holmes, Saul llodrigucs, aml
()rvilli' liarkcr ruspcctivvly. The
course was llll' longest State
runners will are this year, 5.15

miles. To illustrate just how fast
the pilt't’ was, chfcrt finished
l:(l‘l faster than last year and
finished in the samc position.
Dennis llackctt had been running
in thc top three until about. two
miles into the race when he
sustaian a severe muscle spasm in
his abdomin. Coach Munsuy
rumarkcr that it took tremendous
courage for him to finish the race,
and llt‘ (lid it in great. style
finishing seventh, and first for
State. My compliments to Dennis,
l’nulvllolmcs and Pat (icpfcrt
rcci'ivud Coach Munscy's
traditional “ltunncr of the Meet"
honors.

Wl'dncsday the Great. Dam-s
fact- traditional arch rival ltI’l.
’l‘hc Engineers haw.I never l)l‘l|l.l‘ll

 

 

INTEREST MEE TIN G

for all those who want
to work on TORCH ’70
Wednesday Oct.8 at 7:30

in Campus Center

Assembly Hall

 

Slate, and this years squad has no
intention of being the first to lose.
Also, in the triangular most will
be Siena.

Colgate dominated the Jr.
Varsity action with a perfect score
of fifteen. State finished a
disappointing scvunth among the
eight teams entered. The mcct did
have its bright moments for State
as Larry Roberts finished
twenty-first in the race and first
for State.

,n———————————-——
“Go see ‘Putney Swope'.

Tells it like it's never been
told belore."—Judith Crist

 

“PUTNEYH
SWOPE

The Truth and Soul Movie
STARTS FRI. OCT. ID, 1969

C I N E MA"i‘r‘.'l'.‘.‘i"
J

 

  

1‘0 nltAWlll-dal-l‘llo
nus vsuamo IIAI on lmull

 

 

WM... m ,, manwm

 

 

anon... .,  -..

 

 

 mums“ ,t, .

 

 

 

 

 

 

