 
       
 
 
   
     

   
   

!

 

“at-u “yngawxﬂvan a .. XI‘MWNW'VKJ‘V

r.

u, "a.

 

   
 
   
    
   
  
  

 

Diamond

By Dave Fink

The 1969 edition of the Albany
State varsity baseball team opens
its campaign clouded with
uncertainty. Coach Burlingame
expresses his feelings about the
squad by saying “I'm looking on
this as a rebuilding year." '

This fact cannot be disputed.
Gone from last year’s 7-10
contingent are three starters, the
second baseman, the shortstop,
and the centerfielder and three
pitchers. If the old baseball axiom
about being strong and
experienced up the middle is true,
then this year’s team must look
for help there.

Coach Burlingame looks to

Steve Jakway is shown scoring on a not often seen “an goal'

Stony

  
 

Men
Brook

George Webb to carry much ol
the pitching load. Webb posted a
4-2 record last year with a fine
earned run average of 1.85. Also
figuring in the Coach’s plans is
righthander Dave Wheeler.

Junior Jim Sandy has the
catching position nailed down
while Jim Rourke, last season's
top hitter is back in the outfield.
Other returning offensive threats
include first baseman Jack Sinnott
and outfielder-pitcher Rich Spiers.

Last year’s team had trouble
scoring. This year they must score
more 'to compensate for. the lack
of pitching depth. The team’s first
game, a 12-8 victory over Stony
Brook characterized this.

  
  

Saturday afternoon (April 12)
at 2 'p.m. the first.varsity track
and field meet in State University
at Albany history will be held on
the campus track behind the
physical education building. The
Great Danes will host Rochester

v- Institute of Technology and

Boston State College in a double
dual meet.

After two years as a club sport,
track will field varsity "and
freshman teams this spring, with
freshmen permitted to participate
in varsity meets. Head coach Bob
Munsey and assistant Brian Kelly
expect the' team to be
representative, but it probably
won't equal last year's 6-2 club
record, since the schedule is
considerably more difficult. The
team ﬁgures to get stronger as the
year progresses, but the toughest
part of the schedule is early in the
season.

The biggest problem will be
lack of depth, a factor that will
result in too few second and third
places. The team’s strength is in
the races a half-mile or longer, a
reflection on Albany’s strong
cross-country program. Five of
the seven letter winners on last
fall’s 8-2 barriers are on the
varsity track roster: senior Don
BeeVers of Warnerville, who will
compete in middle distance races
and the weights; senior Paul
Breslin of Binghamton, middle
distance; sophomore Pat Gepfert
of Colonic, distance; senior
George Rolling of lllion, distance;
and junior Paul Roy of Fulton,
middle distance.

Duncan Nixon wears pl
llyers.

 

Activities Day

There will be a mandatory meeting of representations
from all groups participating in Activities Day '69 on

April 22 at 6:30 pm in HU 113.
For further information call:

Linda Pierson 457-4007 or Donna Simonetti 457-7725

 

 

Campus Center Governing Board

presents

Supreme Court Justice

1 WILLIAM 0. DOUGLAS

speaking on

“POINTS OF REBELLION’

9

 

#

I

  .  

l

‘ The State University at Albany
varsity golf team will open its
1969 season Tuesday, April 16,
hosting Siena 'and Central
Connecticut at 1:30 at McGregor
Golf Club, Saratoga. All home
matches will be held at McGregor
except the sixth annual Albany
Invitational at the Saratoga Spa
Course May 1. Seina is the
defending champion.

Coach Dick Sauers expects this
year's team to show greater
oversll'strength than last spring's
squad, which split 10 dual
matches. The seven men who will
compete for Albany this year will
be chosen this week end (April 12
and 13). All candidates will play
36 holes of medal play and the
low seven golfers will comprise
the varsity team.

Four men are back from the
1968 team, including senior
captain Dave Breiter of Harrison.
The other returnees are seniors
Gary Thomson of Newark Valley
and Gary Turton of Cohoes
(Shaker High), and junior Angelo
Matra of Ossining. Of the four,
Turton had the lowest average
score last year, 35.6. senior Brian
Hill of Mahopac, who lettered as a
sophomore and sat out last year,
also is out for the team.

smear mt ll, I969

 

Varsity Seasons Start For

Track & F ie‘ld,‘ Golf, Tennis

’llie return of last spring's No. 1
varsity player and the addition of
several of last year's unbeaten
freshmen paints a bright 1969
tennis picture at State University
at Albany. Bob Lewis, subbing for
varsity coach Merlin Hathaway,
who is on sabbatical, has
considerable talent on hand and
should better last year's 3-6
record. The season opens April 18
at Plattsburgh.

Senior captain Ron McDermoti
of Newburgh was 7-2 last year as
the No. 1 singles player. He also
teamed with junior lra Oustatcher
of the Bronx to post a 6-3 mark as
the top doubles team. A third
returnee is senior Dennis O'Leary
of South Glens Falls, 2-4 in singles
last season.

The freshman team was 5—0-1
last spring and three individuals
were undefeated. No. 1 man and
Most Valuable Player, Ken
Fishman of Ocenside, was 6-0, as
was No. 2 player Ted Rosenberg
of Jericho. Ken Blackman of
Bayside was 5—0 playing sixth on
the ladder. All three are varsity
candidates.

Sports Shorts

Pat Gepfert of Colonic, a sophomore at State University at Albany,
recently was named recipient of the 1968 James A. Warden Memorial
Scholarship. The cash award is made annually to a student at the
University showing need and possessing the qualities and ideals of th-

late James Warden.
Warden, who played soccer and

basketball at Albany in the late

1940's, died in 1959. Friends and classmates subsequently established
a memorial fund in his name. Warden graduated from Albany in 1951

Gepfert, a 1967 Colonie Central graduate, participates in
cross-country and track at Albany. Last fall Pat was the first Albany
finisher in two cross—country races and second in three others.

Fran Weal, senior from Adams, was named Most Valuable Wrestle:

on this season's 1-9 State Universit

y at Albany varsity team at lhv

recent post~season banquet. Senior John Ferlins of West Islip was
chosen Most Improved and junior George Hawrylchak of Richl'icld
Springs received a trophy for registering the season’s quickest pin and
also was given the “Tiger Tail Award," presented yearly to tho
wrestler showing the most initiative, courage, and spirit.

Gym lockers are to be cleared, and return of deposit requested
before June 6, 1969. Locker deposits will not be returned after that

date.

Umpires are needed for the New

York State Employees' Softball

League. The league begins on April 28 and continues to the middle of
August. Anyone interested in umpiring for money please contact Mr

Robert Lewis in Rm. 227 of the P. E.

building.

 

Tinte

lllllli ASSllfllllllll

presents

A Hindi movie in COLOR with
English sub-titles

Place

Tomorrow

 

[LBANY LACROSSE sass N

   
 
  
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
      
 
  

 
   
  

10AM.

Photos by Hochberg

  

   

  
 
  
   
   
 
  
 
 

    
 
 
 

 
        
 
  
     
    
       
    
     
    
  
  
     

VS.

Mohawk L.C.

 

 

 
 
    

general format of hockey.

equipment, fundamentals, penalties.
midfielders, three defensemcn, a goalie.

out of bounds plays.

position which plays both ends of the field.

football pants if he desires.

Lacrosse sticks are made of hickory or ash, with the not at the end usually crosatcx nylon, leather or
gut. Sticks range from 40 to 72 inches and the head, or net end, varies by position.
An uttackman must use no less than a 7-inch head.‘lf‘lt werc smaller, it would be tough for an opponent to

get the bull loose. A middle uses an 8-inch head, a defenseman a
head. but the rules state only one lacrosse stick of that size can

Lacrosse is a combination of

football, basketball, and hockey.
The game calls for the blocking of
football, the plays of basketball, the

To explain the game, we must divide our
thoughts into categoricswplaycrs and playing area,

’l'L-n players start the game-*thrcc
made in two ways: On the fly, while the game is in progress, or on

Usually a team can get by with just one goalie, thrcc attacks and three
dcfcnsemcn. The answer to a strong team is having depth at midfield, the

The field is 110 yards long, 60 yards wide, From end line to midfield, it's 55
yards. There is a 20—yard restraining line on each side of midfield.
Normal equipment for a lacrosse player is a helmet with a face guard, gloves like those
worn by hockey players and a lacrosse stick. A player may wear arm and shoulder guards and
usually will use football or lacrosse shoes. A goalie wears a light chest protector and may wear

 

    
 

  
    
  
 

uttackmen, three
Substitutes may be

 
 
  

  

9-inch head. The goalie is equipped with a 12-inch
be on the field. The larger head makesit easier for

the goalie to smother the ball. An illegal stick commands an automatic three minute expulsion penalty.
The ball is made of hard rubber—the same used in a handball, but bigger.
Basically, the object of the game is to score points on offense and prevent points on defense. After the fuceoff, which starts the
game at the middle of the field, the team that takes passession moves into its offensive zone.
A team must have four players in its defensive zone and three in its offensive zone at all times. The middies move back and forth in

and out of both zones. After each score, another faceoff starts the action.

The game is divided into four quarters, each 15 minutes long. in the final minute of play in each period, the clock operator runs onto the

SAT. APRIL 12, 2:00 PM.
I 0.6. Ballroom

Dedication of the Campus Center
Reception will follow

 

 

 

 

 

7‘30 Pm Ballroom

Admlulon: “.25 {or members. “.75 {or other:
For luulm Information please call
lldlt N. Slngli 462-4596

 

field and stands next to one of the two officials. This is known as “clock on the field.” All tie games are ended in sudden death overtime play

after two four-minute overtime periods.

There are two kinds of penalties, technical and personal. if the team has the ball, a technical results in loss of ball. [I the other team has possession,

the guilty party gets 30 seconds in the penalty box. There are a number of technical fouls, including touching the ball with a hand, offside, offensive man in
the crease (goalie's protective circle), pushing, too many men on the field, illegal equipment, etc.

A personal foul calls for a one to threevminule spot in the penalty box, no matter which team has control of the ball. Some personals are blocking from

There you have an idea of the players, playing area, 1 ', ‘, ' 4
Stick this story in your hat.

the rear. blocking below the knees, uncontrolled swing of lacrosse stick (slash),
number of infractions.

,and

cross-checking with stick and unsportsmanllke cnduct, the latter covering a

la!
r

The next time you go to a lacrosse game, you, too, can yell “slash,” like those who know lacrosse best! As in any sport. a good spectator knows the rules.

  

   

‘ twist-ix:

r431”)

,..

 
    
    
 
   
   
    
      
 

  
   
   
  

    
       
  
    
        

 
 
       
   
    

