w

 m.¢.¢. .5.-_.~,.~t

»’W‘ ~-yv~w

', al?  

I- If   of knowledge lies in its practical social applicationswhy

do we not receive academic recognition for using that knowledge?

This University has never given credit for tutoring in the SouthEndw
or Arbor Hill areas, for work in political campaigns, in student
government, in the newspaper. ‘ _

It has not, recognized the educational function of any of these
activities.  ' ‘ . 3 -

As a matter of ‘fact, the university’s emphasis on ‘ideal’ knowledge
rather than practical or‘realistic’ knowledge has led many students
away. from these socially beneﬁcial services. In order to acheive purely

‘ ’academic perfection they cannot spend time serving the community

(Academic and outside);

This policy must change and can change by this fall.

Faculty Senate must implement the task force report on
Instruction which calls for recognition of aforementioned services.

By doing so it would be rewarding many for using their education
and social motivation for-the good of the community. It would also
allow more of us to contribute in this wayjbenefitting ourselves and
this institution.

Department chairmen can add to this prevailing inﬂexibility by
adding new programs to their departments within which students can
shape their own edueation. The departmental programs are only a
start. More independent study courses for individual projects should
be offered on the .rdergraduate level, preferably by the fall.

We are sure professors can aid in this pursuit of knowledge by
innovating within their department.

Students, of course, now that they have had their inﬂuence

, formalized, may add immeasurable new dimensions to their

departments. They can and must demonstrate their ability to
contribute to their own education.

We hope that the expectations for a more invovled and ﬂexible
institution, next year are fulfilled so that we may be better educated
for the future.

Another Dedication

Today, we formally dedicate this impressive. l04 million
dollar campus. Construction has been completed on the entire body
of the podium (for the while, anyway) and on the quadrangles (we'll
forget about Indian Quad for now.) Speeches are to be made, mention
of the University’s first 125 years will be repeated endlessly, and
fascinating and captivating predictions will be made for her next 125.

But, STOP. Right now, stop and think...and maybe, even, lsiten.
Dediated to what? for whom?

The dedication of a mass of concrete and glass is meaningless.
Concrete, whether designed by Edward Durell Stone into a campus, or
simply lying on the ground in the form of sidewalks, is nothingness.

,What students on this campus should get from this dedication, is,
ﬁnally, a sense of dedication themselves. Is it possible that this might
become a dedication far more meaningful than to “Old SUNYA" or
MYSKANIA?

Let us instead, attempt to dedicate ourselves to
awareness and responsibility.

An awareness that tells us that we must do what we can in an
attempt to aid people--- for that is the one variable you must not
forget, even on this mammoth campus.

An awareness that will make us stand up for the rights of
others-"and our own personal rights.

An awareness that calls for watching, with interest and concern, as
a new administration will attempt to cope with the universe of
problems that this campus contains.

And responsibility-~a responsibility for more important than
chairing an event or running for an office.

A Responsibility to learn, to grow, to experience. A responsibility
to be sure that your mind is not closed to any ideas---old or new,

We see the need for dedication on the part ofstudents as pressing;
we can wait another 125 years for the concrete dedication.

THE ENTIRE CAMPUS IS NOW TURNED ONlllllIlllIl

 

Communications

 

 

Not with. a bang...

but a whimper

The ASP has culminated its publishing schedule

(there's no more issues left)

 

 

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications on

subject to editing.

Terrifying Reply

To the Editors:

In response to Miss Rae Ann Harman's letter of
Tuesday, May 6, I would like to offer my frustrating
and terrifying reply to her charge of apathy and
complaceny.

Close observation reveals that each of the recent
college protests were initiated by those who saw the
crying need for social reform. Outright militancy or
destruction never entered their actions, even though
an occasional building was set afire or a few
shotguns were carried here and there. And it is my
ﬁrm belief that the 100 or so students who blocked
firemen from extinguishing a blaze in Brooklyn
College’s administration building were doing so only
to protect the firement from the dangers within.
The clubs and spears that the militants carried were,
no doubt, Mother's Day projects from ahop class.
And what has Albany State to compete with such
news-making events? A blood drive? An educational
and recreational program for the kids in the South
End slums? Pathetic, isn’t it?

Yes, Miss Harman, there is no alternative but to
assume that a college that doesn’t have a good,
old-fashioned riot once in a while is just no damn
good. I, for one, feel that the academic podium
needs a few strategically placed molotove cocktails
and perhaps a brick-and-bottle fight with the police.

News Board

The News Board of the Albany Student Press has
elected a sonewliat new slate of editors to forge
into the Fall Semester with high hopes. Kathy
lluscnrtn. currently the Assosciate New Editor of
the paper, has taken over the reigns from Tim
Keeley as News Editor. ller Associate Editor will be
Anita 'llrayer. a sophomore from Hastings. New
York.

Daryl Lynne Wager and Dave Fink were
appointed to the positions of Arts Editor and Sixxts
Editor, respectively, for the Frill ’69 carnrxrign.

l’hil Fnuiehini has stepped down as Business
Manager, but will continue as National Ad Mzutager.
(‘lluck Ribak will take his place as Business
Manager.

Technically speaking, l’at O'lleni will continue to
serve the paper in her capacity of Tech Editor. Bill
Slrapse. fomier Technical CoEditor, has resigned.

Stepping down as Arts and Sports Editors were
('arol Schonr zurd Jim Winslow.

Newly elected Photography Cob‘ditors were
Marty Benjamin and Andy llochberg.

All nembers will take ofﬁce ofﬁcially in
September.

The Editordiip will rennin in the same hands as it
has been in this term

This would serve the three-fold purpose of ending
the war in Vietnam, eliminating poverty from the
face of the earth and reserving page 1, column 1 of
THE TIMES as proof of the interest students take in
world problems. With a stabbing or two, we might
even make the ENQUIRER'

Respectfully,
Howard Tag

Absurd Representation

To the Editor:

Since the position I am presenting appears rather
pro-administration and pro-faculty and since [am a
student, I would like to have my name withheld to
prevent speculation about ulterior motives.

Presently a group of students is concerned with
trying to obtain student representation on faculty
committees, particularly personnel committees. I do
not feel that the Waterman-Rhonda issue, which is
somewhat unique, should be used as a precedent for
one-to-one representation for students on faculty
committees. Fifty~fifty representation is absurd.
Students should be able to communicate their
opinions to their departments since they are
members of the University, who have unique needs.
But students are not the professional or intellectual
equals of faculty members and therefore do not
deserve equal representation.

Name Withheld

 

 

STAFF

.The Albany Student Press is published twol
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 457-2190,2194.
Editors-ln-Chief
Jill R. Paznt'k & Ira J. Wolfman

News Editor
Associate News Editor
Arts Editor

Sports Editor

Feature Editor
Technical Editors
Photography Editor
Business Manager
Advertising Manager

Tim Keeley

Kathy Huseman

Caro! Schour

Jim Winslow

Clary Gelt

_ Pat O'Hcrn, Bill Shapes
Ed Potskowski

Philip Franchinr'

Daniel Foxman

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsiblllty for opinions expressed In its
columns and communlcations n such expression:
do not necessarily reflect Its views.

 

 

 

 

