.._ «i . . M_

mismkagiqlghamton? Harpur? ‘ll it, you . F.S.A.
consciousrxe“ if rial-nos dogma one only reﬂects the The Faculty-Student Association is a private
handout mate e people. who u“,- ii, Harp“, is corportaion at Harpur ?and probably at all the state
that word is “cull: 21:23:: :gzinmhthhgach £0 :chréols. Itli‘s (Lhartered by the State of New York to
' . . . aigeaiie an esuc tingsastheSnackB '
autism o'fI 31:: artﬁdeuthat alot if not a great majority, “nd bmkﬂtoreu etc- At “Y "My “:1! liggggghhlillzyli
drug-mm Tylisaimméhpéﬁlplzhzilghe tactililooimaie rfiew‘:tu1d;nt :enter building. The students don't care
. . 59 e w oe‘ or I . ey ave done ever thin in t '
ﬁzzzLénthizezpegtwg because the schooi mereiy destroy it. Because of this vzndsligm, iriesnthgzgzhéd
minds of the st :3; :f the students, The school is the thait tiliebztudent center will be closed down In the
. i . ma n o y of the center there re . ‘
 its: ': i.:;:“.;:.::::"ii°°‘°:i “ i " °“ balm“ “" ‘° “  5 “imewiii
’ ' , presen a problem in on - ' ‘ ’
Harpur dont like the larger societyeaifdutl‘ieiin's at be“  p co opemhon‘ n hunt
. ‘ ' y "e n solved to date. A fairl lar e '
:éngl shin :33? 521d: 3:23:33? unconriius way to Friday night :ith varied mugicalgtasgt‘czlhzg 31113:]:
'01,“. w ii, ever you on one recor to be pla ed and on " ‘
ﬁsfsiisuzlertbap: the goal of this society is for each They just couldn't seemyto do it. isihpfifgﬁvfr‘lezliugsi
7 way It mioht e I we to up?“ himseif in his own the future of America lies in how the kids at Harpur
1 th .. g . any) be put Eveiyhodyis com do figure out what is to be played on the musics st
saslli’tfgfllotlglnﬂ. It doesn’t really matter how you '“ the Student cent"- ' y em
'n as. you say it. Everybody there, on the 0"" to13h: Which I have ’ '
i weekendnis busily preoccupied with himself and his “new” t° Students: is “XI-1: :Eﬁgotﬂh‘h'tusuaﬂy 0f
‘ awn. envuonment. Two people spent the night Sh"! the impression that it is missing mull-fan m
a bimeginrelyﬂfm ihe game of .Canmi' an Hardly. Again in this area there is an (unconsciadldgi
enemy at M w in]! .annlbal totally annihilated the effort to reject the standards of the larger society
busy “ﬁn “Sm fining odds.‘ Three others were Basically, there are very few tight knees at Harpur.
one of the?“ thin; 11:13:31.,“ WHO had haunted IS‘ex istnozhigi'len and scarce. It is right there and you
. ma group were in We 0 e ind not to ’ '
the lounge of a dorm discussingstenure and ho 't “humin 0f '- see It. There Is 8 wt or
would work, with students sharing the buderiwdf that the!" is 28:92:20”: I was also mm to beneve
i a v e o
332%. T‘hegreat maiority were in the student for a long period of timer. cgdtﬁihiﬁsayniogftlwlr
, wan enhg cg! 33d {,0 looking to, something. that there are tribes within the comnci’ilinitt‘yI wht
It is my benef thatiihent Power . practibe endogamy. It seemed on the weekend night:
students eliual pOWer with the 'faculltves d 59'“: th' efhu 9"“ center locking for someone to
administration. Equal power means equal my an are non )9 “‘9 ‘I-“mh' D“? m the dorm policies (there
legislation. not Policy. All affairs of the scho‘glg fr: mmew:9fge :15: 'lzften'wmd up Sleeping in lounges or
:andled byithe students and the faculty on an equal the Opposite sex in :h:l:0|:l:mm8te has a member 0f
BSIS‘. This is a very interesting situation which could I
be discussed for a lifetime-and probably will. At any
rate the people at Harpur are doing so. Well, at least
they re livmg it. At Albany the students have no legal Harm" is a “ma” SChOOI- EVe'YbOdy kno ‘
ptower, but merely act in advisory capacity. The everyone Else fairiyweu' It is a c'osely kn" socks“
s udent government here acts as a voice of student The majority or kids mm" [mm the Manhattan-140:.
opinion. {shland area and'they have brought their culture wit:
We can tell the administration what we want and Q::h;n¥harcmwcwre and Emmy at Harp” “ﬂeet
pray'that it coincides with what they want. I really comm“. i few are mlddle Class drap'ouw‘ There is no
didnt mean to editorialize, but I just thought I couid pi -or “range-rs' There are no CIOSEd groups'l
would throw that out and see what it did to you. v i? "wowed With any group With no difﬁcult”
There was a history teacher who did not wear his idzry Sin-d” tom. Open to new PeoPle and new
wncﬁefship on his back, rather he wore a jacket “at.” interest, there are few black students on
roc ai ' '
pBum  tshxolci:  Stimuli: of Martin Van A.S. Neill tried to create a society of love w'th'
pedum contemplat-in . ﬂ 0! BIN-“IE 0“ a society of hate at Summerhill It ' I m a
g caistence. There was a crowd successful his veniuie V I5 “Fame how
giatge'ntryhio:ples watching .“Teenagers from Outer island. Students spend fo‘ivifyeiljr: sing-mm“), is an
was throwing “33:51:31: incthat we": room who where do they go? Out there. This wihpnggd the“
sleeping in his product The Onlce'mth that he W83 for most. Harpur is trying to create a societ :fiuy
busy making up their-“ﬁnal”??? a“ 9 room we"? within a society of hate. It is unsure how sdc of"
were concerned I k d B W 9 9f 0! "(fl ' they this human experiment will be The ac d (Fess ul
of the madem eh  e Sorebcdy how to 81$ in one local community of Harpur are undernoiamwl and
the right way A :nﬁban 9 “Id thal- ahy WHY will pains at this point in time. People at “Half-mu abut
an academic .bunidin r ratios mopping up the floors in concerned about Harpur. They want good to d) r me
were pleased to song“! e pcop e [in the Snack Bar their efforts. They are really tryin t b ' mm or
i 4 ’ estudents. Well at least they happiness to this-world It ' ‘t g O '11“ some‘
were receiying their pay in varying the students. The easy but the a e h i' I ' ‘8" easy and It won't be
fact remains. however, that they were serving the y r “5mg” through.
students. The Faculty-Student Association is running
into a lot of hassles with the students. They are
trying to serve, if for no other reason than to make When it a" comes down
money. So I retract the above statement about their You've got "0 3° baCk ‘0 Mom“ E‘m-h
semng. Allow me to go into this issue further in the Si i,
next paragraph. Just-take your eyes down to the next my y “any Angmmm
- - I’ll tell ou about it,

Long Island Culture

l don't care how rich you are
I don't care what you were

Photos by Martin Benjunin

 

 

H
A
R
P
U
R
S
i'
A
T
E

 

mums? 31.1669

 sailors: 1

111: following story is rein-inter! a less alert opponent.

from The  a quarterly
publication of the Alumni
Milan of Albany State.

Richard  Sellers, varsity

midst of his 14th season at
SUNYA. In his previous 13 years,
he complied a record of 206
victories against 98 losses for a
winning percentage of .678, 15th
but in the nation among college
coaches with at least 200
triumphs.

Sauerl came to Albany in 1955,
one year after the school's
basketball team had suffered
through a dismal 2-16 campaign.
In his first year as head caoch, he
led the eager: to an 11-9 mark,
and in the intervening seasons, he
has never had a losing team.

His top records have been 17-5
in 1956-57 and 1957-58, 17-8 in
1958, 22-6 in 1960-61, 19-6 in
1961-62, 16-6 in 1964-65, and
18-4 in 1987-68.

The 38 year-old coach
approaches his job with a
dedication and determination
which are reflected in his players'
actions. Albany teams under
Sauerl seldom give away a game,
but they often steal victory from

indifference or complacency, and
his teams are always well-drilled,
confident, and unselﬁsh.

4 B ig ‘ ’ M
the area‘s top golfers and
handblll pla'y‘erinﬂe ' la a

Sauers will not tolerate either two-hundkfip golfer "Ia C'iah-

finished second in the‘ Mm
New York Golf Wisdom-He
has won numerous handball

Flercel
basketball caoch. is now in the iouhggncomwﬁlﬂ'mn 2:9; tournaments.

SAUERS, never experiencing a losing season at State, is known for

not “throwing in the towel.“

UFS Upsets APA;
Potter-APA Monday

AMIA’s League 1 action took a
strange turn last night as
undefeated Alpha Pi Alpha
fraternity was handily upset by
Upsilon Phi Sigma, 46-31.

The Gray and White played
their best game of the season as
they out-rebdunded the taller
APA team. In double figures for
UFS were Jim Solomon with
seventeen markers, Paul Roy with
twelve, and Royce VanEvra with
ten.

The loss leaves the Blue and
White in a flatfooted tie with
Potter Club who destroyed STB in
a later game. Eash has lost one
contest, but have yet to meet each
other.

The first round action is slated
to end this Sunday, but make-up
games will be played Monday,
Tuesday, and Thursday night of
next week. The postponed tilt
between APA and the Club is
scheduled for Monday at either
7:30 or 8:30 pm.

The time is not exact yet
because neither captain has agreed
to the time yet. Final team
standings should be available by
next Friday.

The APA-l’otter game looks to
he the best of the season. Both
boast former frosh intercollegiate
stars and plenty of height and
scoring ability.

Despite the outcome of that
game, the two teams will have to
meet again in the second round.

The second round will involve a
playoff between the top five
ﬁnishers of the first round. The

most likely teams to participate in
the playoff, according to their
present records, are APA, Potter
Club, the Bruins, KB, and UFS.

ACU Results

Albany State‘s “minor” sports
champs did very well in the recent
Association of College Unions
regional tournament at Cornell.

The tourney, held the weekend
of February 14, produced one
ﬁrst place finish for Albany. ’l‘lic
bowling doubles combination of
Roger Cudmore and Al Giles took
that title against more than thirty
other schools from New York and
Canada.

Other results were as; follows:
Bowlingz'

Singles second plucu~Rugcr
(.‘udmore; third plilCL‘ ~Al (jib-s

Tcum‘ sucuiid placer Roger
Curlmnre, AI Giles, Frank White.
Run Romano, Richard
Fricdlundcr

Chess :

Team'second place Lee
Buttes, Nelson Egbert

Bridge:

Team' fourth place~Simon
Sinnreich and Neal Friedman

Table Tennis:

Women‘s singles—third
place—‘Rondu Small

 

 

 

 

 

Sauer- graduahd from Slippery

Photo by Hochberg

 

sack in.) Teachers come in
1951, then spent 40 months in

the US. .Navy. Vln 1955; hilt '

hlfore coming to Albany, he
recelv'ed .hh- M.A.’ in physical
education from 'l’ennlylyanla
State University. - ‘»
Continuing his education
part time, he cared a Ph.D. in
physical education and
psychology from Penn State in
1961. His advanced degree" also
'earned for him the nickname
"Doc," by which he is known to
most former and current players.
Sauers is married to the former
Elaine Sykes and is the father of
two children, ,Cheryl, A. and
‘ Steve, 2. He and his family live
near the university in suburban
Westmere.

The future for "Doc" Sauers is
bright. Still under 40, he is a
highly successful coach, respected
throughout the Northeast as one
of the best in his field. He has
been singularly successful under
the less-than-perfect conditions of
the Washington Avenue Armory
and Page Hall gym. With the new
physical education facilities
already in use and-more planned,
he should be able to lead the
university to new heights in
inter-collegiate competition.

‘ Ina; my close, and 
disputed tally for the fraternity
trophy, 8TB placedftrat with a
total of 10 point-{MA finished a -
very close second with-9 points, ‘
and Potter‘ finished third with 6
points. =

For the sororities. Kappa Delta
won the trophy by default, since
no other sorority appeared'w take
part in the competition. '

The winners of the' fraternity
events were:

Football Accuracy Throw
1. Jim Doer APA

2. Wayne Schult APA

3. Tom Mullins EEP

Foul Shooting

1. Joel Velinski EEP

2. Corky Thompson BPS
3. Charlie Hart BPS

Volleyball
1. STE

2. UFS

3. KB

Tug of War
1. STE
2. ALC
3. APA

 

 

 

 

l
|
l
l
l
I
l
l
l
I
|
l
l
|
l
l
|

l——-—-.————- ———— ——~

[—
UNITED STATES Alli FORCE

Box A, Dcpi. sea 9

2
Randolph Air l'cvce Base, Texas 78148

__..__n . .. fiat”
' ’i'iiiisl.‘ mum
EQL'EQLM- W..-» .-

wow-Jig“ .lJ/L‘L..__ _ 4mm-.-

ADDRESS

cnv “Maggy

_____._——-——-__

lUNDLliSl’ANi) THElil. IS NO OBLlGAHUN.

...._._-.—.—.—__..J

Take off!

it's no disgrace.

right awa .

ﬂ

.,
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
|
I
l
|
l
l
|
l

1!! J-

mind.

Undecided about your lulure?

Even Einstein couldn't make up his mind for quite awhile
Van Gogh took time to get on the track.
The Wright Brothers didn't start concentrating on aeroplanes

y
80, it you're graduating lrom college and you still don't know
what to do with your luture . . .chin up.
You can go to Officer Training School. Become an ollicer. Gel
ollicer's pay and prestige.
See? You can do something constructive, exciting, proﬁtable
_~ and patriotic. Be an Air Force pilot.
1 They'll say you're Just another genius who has made up his

Travel. All while you‘re learning to lly.

 

 

nun. .

. . . . . . . .. 

‘1 uu-y "cu

 

 

