     
   

 
 
  
 
  
      

  

   
 
 

    
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
   
    
   
  
  
    
     
  
 

 

 

 

  
      
     

l

 

a. v».

   

 

 

   
    
   
   
  
   
       

toutnsrncnt; men who have
earned varsity letters are
ineligi .

monumental”

 

    

 

       

\

f hours has.)  j

 

MisﬁtsPTC,

r 

by‘Dm W

The AMIA basketball league
championships were decided last
night with the playing of three

title games.

In the first game of the night,
the Sons of- Italy finally won a
basketball trophy for Kappa Bots

by downing the Paper Lions 38-28
in a tightly contested game for the
League IV championship.

The Sons took command at the
outset and were never headed
although the Lions came within
one' point late in the first half.
Roger Forando and Dave Breiter
led KB with six anf live points
respectively in that session. Corby
Thompson put in eight markers
for the Lions. The Sons led by six
at the half, 19-13.

In the second half, KB, led by
Forando and Breiter stretched the
lead to ten which eventually was
the margin of victory. Thompson
led all scorers with 14 for the

night, while Forando had 11 and
Breiter 9 for the Sons.

In the second game, Pi Theta
Chi used a tight zone defense and
fine shooting and rebounding to
down Potter Club 39-23 for the

League III title.

PTC jumped out to a quick
13-5 lead and thereafter were
never threatened. They employed
an effective fast break which was

Girl Hoopsters

To Finish Season

The women's

ba sk etball team defeated

Westfield State Of Massachusetts
on Wednesday night by a score of

35-32. The victory brought the
Albany Tigers' win-loss record to
3-4 for the season. The women
were behind in the game 8-11,
18-21, and 28-29, at the end of
the first. three quarters, but
outscored the Westfield women
7-3 in the final quarter to win the
game.

High scorer for the team is
freshman Linda Gabriel who is
averaging 7 points a game. The
ﬁnal game of the season is home
on Saturday, March 15, at 11:30
a.m. against Potsdam State.

Co-captains Linda Lintz and
Judy Mysliborski will be playing
their final game for State after
four years of intercollegiate
competition. Senior Terry
Lampurella will also be playing
her last game as the Albany Tigers
try to extend their winning streak.

 

First Annual AMlA
Wrestling Tournment
March l4 8 l5

individual and team awards:
I)Contestants: Open to
individual and/or teams 2)
Rules: NCAA mles(modified)4
minute matches 3)Weigllt
classes: 125; l35; I45; 155;
165; ISO; unlimited 4)Awards:
Medals to Isl. 2nd, and 3rd
places-trophies to teams
5)Entries: Entry blanks are
available in Soccer Room Cage.
Deadline for entries-March
i2th. ‘NOTE: ’I'hh is a novice

 

 

 

 

intercollegiate

agues II, III, IV

started by numerous steak. ﬁrly In the evening's ﬁnal contest,
Amorlhuor hit for nine points in tho Misfits hold off a second half
the half, while his back court surge and bold, in to boat the
sidekick Jay, Marshall notched six Brothers 82-27 to win the League
—markers.- The Club was led by _IIcharnplonship.' .
Jerry Legieri with eight points. ‘The Misfits completely
The score at the half was 19-11 in dominated the first half and led at
favor ofPl‘C. , halftime by a score of 17-8, on
The second half proved to be the strength of Ron Rice‘s six
the same story. Pi Theta Chi's points and Bill Phillips' 5. The
defense was too much for Potter
as the former won going away by
16 points. John Shth was high for
the team with eleven points, while
’Amerikauer ﬁnished with nine

were able to regain" the lead and

second ha“- wu a different story ’provide University students with
as the Brothels came out like a top-notch instruction in Kodokan
ball of five to tie the score late in Jﬂdo' Since the instruction is
the game. The Misﬁts, however, being Student Association
subsidized, it is free with student

 

Local udo Tourney.
Slated For' March. 30

ByKevanancos Instruction _Is from two'vcry

The State Judo Club for a... ens-bk mum Mn Robert
“a "9mm u now in “ht-m“. Fountain. Nldan, President of the
bum “hum,” Feb” 19' Troy Judo Club is instructing the
1909 by a 13-0 vote of the Vomn- "'d M" Noﬂyul' K“d°u
Commission for Community mi chi" lmm'm 't “‘9
“mm”, 'I‘roy Judo Club, and All-Japan

Under the mum“. of the Judo Champion,isinstructing the
United Stain Judo Federation, "19“-
this club was formed in order to ’At PERM. We bout over 50
members. Formal class is on
Monday, from 4:00-5:30, the
women meeting in the second
floor auxiliary women’s
gymnasium; and the men meeting

and Marshall with eight. Tom hold on for the win and “x- i" the “'in “00' modern dance
McGloughlin played his usual fine consequently bring Txo the qymnwium-
reboundary game and also league title. Rice led all scorers in Proms“ is “ coed Praetice

chipped in with five points.
Iogieri was high man in the game
with 14 points.

the game with 12 points while
Phillips had 11. Jesse Harmon had
9 for the Brothers.

THREE MEMBERS OF the
league II champion Misﬁts are
shown doing what winning is
made of .

fundamentals

 

CAMPUS HOUSING

The tiff Campus Housing Office will conduct
a senes of Information Hours for all students
interested in moving off campus. This will
consist of a short presentation and a question
and answer session.

SCHEDULED QUADS. DATES
AND
TIMES AS FOLLOWS:

March l8. l969 7:30pm Walden Dining Hall
March 20. l969 7:30pm Dutch Quad Dining Hall

Students plannin '
.p g to move off
campus this fall. this meeting is for
you! 7

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

period on Thursdays from
4:00-5:30, location as yet
unknown. The training revolves
around all aspects of Judo:
The women’s Intercollegiate training for rank advancement,
Softball Team win have its first sports, physical and moral
practice Thursday, March 20,at4 conditioning! SEIf'defense» “id
pm. in the Women’s Auxiliary Japanese customs—not just the
Gym. All interested women please met-‘hﬂnics alone.
attend. Another point of Judo interest
is the Third Annual Capitol
Tryouts for the Women’s District Judo Shiai being held at
Intercollegiate Tennis Team will HUdBOH Valley Community
take place in Gym “0" at the College on March 30, from 12-5.
Physical Education Building, .
March 20, at 3:30 pm. Come For “eke” to this big
dressed in sneakers and shorts tournament, or for information
promptly Tennis may be about our own club, just show up
practiced in Gym “C”, Saturdays at formal class, or contact Kevin
10,12 or Sunday 34. For Kazacos, 482-5286. Help keep

Sports Shorts

questions can Coach Peggy Mann America and Albany State fit and
at 4535.

first through Judo.

  

WISE CATS
KNOW
you save
when you buy
COOK’S
TRAVELERS

CHEQUES

. STILL ONLY
75¢ Issuance charge ON s100

AVAILABLE AT
Albany Trsvcl Bureau, 1“ Biol. Strut

First Trust Company of Alhsny, 136 State Street
Seven-sixty Travel ins. 760 Msdiaon Ava.

    
   
   
     
     
         
    
 

mossy, MARCH, 14. 1969

  
 

7r. mam

steam! swocu'r mass

Iv
Stu Rotnchlld

 

 

The Civil Aeronautics Board currently has before
it the decision of Examiner Arthur S. Present which
holdsthat airline youth fares are discriminatory to
adult pusengersgand should be eliminated.

A. _most students know, youth fare is available
only to persons between the ages of 12 and 22, and it
applies only to seats which otherwise would be
vacant.

' There are several reasons why the airline youth
fore should be continued. Montana Congressman
Arnold Olsen pointed out in Congress February 17
that “this has been a significant factor enabling
thousands of young people to attend the college or
university of their choice." He added further that
nobody would benefit from elimination of the youth
fare and could mean a general rate increase for all
passengers.

Most of the airlines want to continue the youth
fare. The National Trailways B‘us System, a trade
organization of bus companies, filed suit against the
youth fare plans claiming the plan discriminated
against passengers who must pay the full fare.

Airline officials agree that the youth fare has
resulted in increased revenues. In addition, it
educates the young people in terms of air

r “’ ,‘ ' ,‘ ,afuture " ‘ ‘

Editors and writers of college newspapers across
the Nation are speaking out in favor of retention of
the youth fare. These include the American
University Eagle, Ohio University Post, Michigan
State University State News, Boston University
News, Montana State University Exponent, and
many more papers.

Congressman Olsen charged that the elimination of
airline youth fares would “encourage thousands of

young people to resume the illegal and dangerous
practice of hitchhiking or to attempt long dangerous
trips, frequently in unsafe vehicles." in a letter to
CAB Chairman John Crooker, Olsen asserted “I fail
to see how permitting a young person to fly half fare
on a seat that would otherwise go empty
discriminates against regular passengers."

The bus companies allege that the airline youth
fare discriminates against adults. Now that’s quite a
switch. The safest automobile driver has to pay twice
as much if he happens to be under 25. Persons under
21 cannot vote in 46 states; persons under 25 cannot
serve in Congress; persons under 62 cannot receive
Social Security benefits; persons under 35 cannot be
President of the United States, and on and on goes
the list of discriminatory practices based on age.

Moreover discrimanatory practices based on age
sometimes favor the young. Children under 12 get
discounts at movies, and students under 22 have
received airline discounts.

Congressman Olsen calls the youth fare “a bright
spot in a world that generally discriminates against
young people.”

The abolition of the youth fare will greatly reduce
the amount of student flying, and the airlines will
not benefit from having more empty seats.

Write your opinion to CAB Chairman John
Crooker, 1825 Connecticu Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20009; and send a carbon copy to
your congressman. Protest this unfair decision against
youth fares. There is still a chance the youth fare can
be saved, for the full board has not voted on the
proposal yet. So, if you care, make your views on
youth fare known today; tomorrow may be too late.

  

Collins presented with petitions
Lopez dismissal to be reviewed

By Valerie Ives
Staff Reporter

President Collins talked with a
group of eight students who Went
to see him about the dismissal of"
Mrs. Maryon Lopez, from the
Romance Language Department.

Collins said that if he
discovered that Mrs. Lopez was
not fairly dealt with then he
would do something to rectify the
situation.

The students presented
President Collins with petitions
and a general statement about the
case and then discussed it. They
seemed very enthusiastic about
her abilities as a teacher, and said

_.
STUDENTS!

build yourself a
bankroll this summer
Get a

GOOD-PAYING
JllB at
MANPOWER!

/ l
we have factory, warehouse and
outdoor work— as many days a
Week as you choose. You get good
my. stlll have time to soak up the
Summer sun. Come In this week
— we're lniervlewlng NOWl

MANP$WER

 

 

An Equal Opportunity Employer

what was important is that they
were learning under her.

Collins pointed out that he
couldn't discuss Mrs. Lopez‘s
competency as an Italian teacher
due to his lack of professional
backround in the subject.

He began discussing the
:ategories of teachers and that
Mrs. Lopez was appointed for a
term and this is her second one
year term.

The department has no
obligation to tell those who get an
appointment wily they got it or
those who don’t get it why they
didn't. Its responsibility is to find
the best available person for the
position.

Collins said, however, that any
individual should have an
opportunity for an appeal.

He said he would make an
inquiry into the details of the
fairness of the decision, such as
how was the decision reached and

how she was informed.

The legal problem was brought
out—that the department has
already hired another teacher. The
critical budget situation has put a
freeze on hiring any more
teachers. The students said that
Dr. Monroe of the Romance
Languages Department said
perhaps it was a mistake to let
Mrs. Lopez go, but that it was too
late to reilire her.

The March 25

 

issue of the
ASP is

cancel] ed

 

 

 

mo
@r-e
\ I' 0‘9"!» 0
6‘
”° ‘4- '50
a "o
006 I' ’
[OI . p”); 0'90-
I, 5* . .9.
s e '
S) 00 1’
“Ii ’0 ’9
’0 I ’. s
’0 ' ’&
'00,, ’e . 00
/'0 \ ’0 i
3”: l?
0/}0’0
J‘

 

 

Gould a...“ Buagét‘iﬂui'tsi5

Continued from page 3 —
have to cut back some necessary items such as supplies and expenses, _
secretarial help, professional travel, or library support. _

I want to make it very clear that the faculty-student ration cm
which I mentioned a moment ago, is serious indeed. For example, it
means that a campus with 10,000 students will actually be able to
budget for approximately 50 fewer faculty next year than it has now.
Unless it has vacancies or "simply absorbs" new students, faculty will
have to be dismissed and in many instances, commitments already
made will have to be canceled. .

I have tried to picture for you the fiscal crisis we face and the
tentative plans we are exploring in order to live within the $367.8

million expenditure ceiling. .It is very difficult to simplify this
complex matter, especially when we have had to shift from an
"appropriation" budget to a "ceiling" expenditure budget. I have not
been able to comment on certain technicalities that should be covered
when such comparisons are made.

However, members of my staff will be more than happy to meet
with members of the Legislative staff to answer any questions you
may have. The important issue—which I feel our charts do clearly and
accurately portray—is simply that if we are to live with the present
ceiling, certain very important things in the University must be
sacrificed.

To review:

Our student-faculty ratios will be changed more than is wise in a
single year, increasing claii also, making faculty less available, and In
some instances removing existing faculty and stopping new
appointments.

Adjustments for price increases will be denied which, In a period of
inflation, will result In a decrease In purchasing of supplies, materials,
and equipment.

The special economy savings enforced in 1968-69, for one your, will
have to be continued.

The workload increases needed for general administration and
institutional services will be sharply reduced.

Practically all funds recommended in the Executive Budget for
improvement covering such items as security on campus, computer
programs. health services, and library will be eliminated.

All new programs will be eliminated or postponed, including
organizing a General College at Albany, starting a School of Business

“ _‘ L ,‘ i - a " ’ Center at Buffalo, and
joining an intarinstitutionsl Ocean Sciences Center at Stony Brook.

Tho aid of tho Polytechnic institute of Brooklyn will be removed
from the University budget.

The old of private medical schools will be cut to the current level of
funding.

And flnally, l stress that the present plan does not provide for the
$5.2 million faculty all y loose as which are still far below what our
faculty requested and is unthinkable in our minds, that we
can ignore such a need; yet we have not yet been able to locate
further areas of reduction in the budget that would provide the funds
necessary.

Before concluding, I should like to make one or two observations
about the University and its support.

First, I want to stress that generally a budget crisis springs from two
obvious facts—a sharp cutback in money, or is rigidly imposed formula
as to how money is to be spent, or a combination of both. Under such ’
circumstances I would urge that we in the University be given the
greatest possible freedom to determine how our limited resources are
to be used.

The need to have flexibility is always important for a University,
but it is especially critical when the budget is cut. If we are not only
denied funds, but also told exactly how what is left. is to be
spent-without opportunity to shift to meet special crises and unique
campus situations—then our task next year will be all but intolerable.

Finally, as I look at the budget situation, I cannot help but reﬂect
on our priorities as a people.

In spite of impressive gains, we still face critical problems in our
cities, in our natural environment, and in the inner quality of their
lives. In our view, the University is one of man's last great hopes for a
better way, and we must soon decide if we are going to invest
adequately in the youth of today in order to make secure the world of
tomorrow.

Again, I want to say how impressed I have been by the priorities
you in the Legislature have demonstrated and by your commitments
to education. I want to say also that we in the University are keenly
aware of the critical fiscal situation we all face.

i assure you that we are eager to economizo in every way
possible~while ut the same time fulfilling the mandate We hava been
given. My only purpose this morning has been to clarify as best [can
the plans we have developed for next year, tlle peculiar financial
difficulties we now face, the shifts in priorities we have considered,
and the problems that remain unresolved.

I
so

   
  

 

THE MOVIE

At PAGE HALL
Tonite

w

TXO

Presents

FAILSAFE

Friday - March 14
8:30 pm

Admission. 5. 75

 

 

 

 

 

