 

Mg. ‘. M" ';...'_ -... -

.7‘“

.. .. «by? 7. ice :« r A... ..

1m Very __..

"mgr _ ta." V7

 

 

 

 

=..\._ ‘p. «MAR-MM _ - ..

....o~ W.Aﬁ_m’t ,,.\,.s .7. g. ,-.~ ,..

EDITORIAL

  

Court and the tax

Supreme Court‘s decision in the case of busses to Washington was
an impossible choice between two viewpoints, both with faults. No
matter which course of action the Court took it would have been
based upon grounds which , to some extent were shaky. To second
guess the relative strengths of the arguments put forth would serve no
purpose at this point.

We cannot deny, however, that we are happy that the busses will be
going. This undeniably reﬂects the wishes of the majority of students
here.

One point the entire mess brought back to mind was the question
of mandatory tax. We feel now even more strongly than ever before,
that mandatory tax is an unjustified infringement on the rights ofthc
individual.

The use of all studetns’ funds to support (in, many times, quite
large sums) small and sometimes obscure organizations is unfair and
immoral.

We ﬁnd ourselves in unusual company- the young Conservatives,
who have rarely shared our viewpoint, are now urging a new
referendum on tax. Though their motives are probably more selﬁsh
than ours, this can not obscure the basic fact: our student association
has been coercing students (with threats of witholding of transcripts
and diplomas) in order to insure payment of a tax which many do not
attain any real beneﬁts from.

We, too, would call for a new rcferendun if we felt it would
accornplicb anything; but it won‘t . because the lackadaisacal and
indifferent majority on this campus will once rrgaiir allow 5.l% of the
electorate to vote in a mandatory fee. Instead, we urge a repeal of
mandatory tax on the grounds that it is neither essential to the
student association nor sound in ethical principle.

The students should determine which groups should and should not
exist by either active or inactive financial support in a volutary tax
system.

No Neutrality

This campus is no neutral playground from which knowledge
emanates in ivory tranquility. At nrost it is an architectural freak out
in which only the best professors come across with their corncept of
the absurd. This atmosphere of anti-truth offers a limited number of
alternatives. We can either accept it and be happy in an idiot's
paradise or reject it and search for our own very personal truths.

The editors of this newspaper have very deﬁnitely chosen the latter
path. We cannot live with someone else's truths for even if they are
correct, they are meaningless because they are soiireoric clse’s.

We cannot. as a result. reveal to you. our readers. anything but our
own personal views.Virttrally all news in this newspaper is as a result
of that philopophy. if a reporter chooses to objectin his knowledge
of events he may do so, We warn all. however. that such
objectification rs impossible and. we fcc, meaningless. No reporter can
or should deny his own feelings he is not being true to liiriiselfiflrc
does do this» he is not being honest with his reader. lie is no siriiplc
middleman through which knowledge is transferred. liveryonc passes
judgment, the reporter just makes his valries riiorc public than other
people. He is sharing himself with his readers.

We do not want to leave students completely on their won and
simply hope that they feel anything, react to what we, priril. We want
to know that we have done our best to reveal oiirown reactions, We

want to involve the reader by introducing him to different points of

View, to alternative pcrspcctives.Wc expect these writers to be
responsible for themselves. We have little iittcrcst in any “public
trust" because our private one is oirr rnairi cinccrri. If the prrblic trusts
us to protect them from personal rcalilics (absurdities) they will just
have to lean on someone else since this is all we are prepared to offer.

COMMUNICATIONS

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . FRIDAY, OCTOBER 31, lg?

COMMENT

   

w ‘ W 'wiltp’r‘lllrvurtk, “a:

TRICK- [JR-TREAT
ISBB

COMM UNI CA TI 0N8

 

 two qualifications: 21) experience in student

governemtn and b) friendship with the
editors-in-chief. (The absence of some notable
can be student representatives indicates that the latter
quaiificntion held more weight.) An example of

Newspaper

To the Editors:

The editing of this “newspaper”
summarized by four words: risinino, irresponsible,
shallow and inconsistent. shallow, inconsistent and irresponsible editingll

1 ) After limiting cnch University Senate 3) In the last editorial on “Election Matters" the
candidate to discuss, explain and to cure all the Editors urged the candidates to be more responsible
Uiiivcrsitie's ills in three hundred words or loss, the' to the students, and then charged the candidates
editors butchered several articles thorugh with ineffective communication. If one reflects on
irresponsible editing. Before submitting my article i my first two points tint] their considers that less than
WM personnuy assured by Jill P;rznik_ over the ﬁfteen non-candidate students attended the rally,it
phone, that my article would be printer] in full, is evident that the failure of the University Sennto
However, close to half of my article was edited out. Cllmpilltin “05 ill “‘0 Slll‘lt‘ntﬁ' lilt‘k 0" TCSPOHSINUY
and it was done iii such a intiiiiicr as to misrepresent t0 the UlllVl‘l‘Sier. Emil the ASP'S hick of
my views. An example of risiiiinc rind irresponsible responsibility to the students.
editing! in conclusion, for one small biit significant step

2) The next half-asp mch was the endorsement‘ “)Wﬂl‘d 1| butler UlllellY. l will!“SL H (“"5th
of the candidates. The ASP editorial announces the imPrtWOmC‘nt. 0|” the resignation of the present
importance of the election ntid lllt‘ll in the sonic Will-(lrﬁ'in-Cltil‘f.
article admits not knowing all the candidates. Nol‘
only didn't the ASP know the candidates, but the Rivhﬂl'tl Zippﬂr
ASP didn't attempt to do so. None of thtl lllllVltl‘Slly 50ml“)?
candidates were interviewed by the ASP, and trot ' _
one representative of the ASP was seen at the rrilly Dlg 
to question candidates! This leaves one with the
conclusion that the endorsements were briscd on rpu “u. [ﬁdi‘urs‘

It seems quite the mode in past of today's
society to label every man or woman who wears ii

uniform or carries a badge, ii Pig or Fascist. l'd wish

      some of our ntrrnc callers would put themselves in n

To the lzditors

cop 's shot-s for it dny to oxpci'iuiicc whnt he does.

Continued on Page 7

In the past. the ASP has published many articles
and editorials with viewpoints in opposition to
mine. Your editorial on Friday. October ll
("DoD") has finally driven me into totally opposing
your editorial policy. You. the editors of ri
publication that is supposed to reflect the vicrvs of
its rrrorc than lliltltl readers. h.ch assumed a
position coniparablc to thc \cvcritcr-nth tr‘tillll’\
judgcs who regarded any lorrrr of iiori~.icccptcd
practices as religious licrcsy or Witchcraft .rrrd
scntctrccd thousands of people to their deaths

Your vcngcricc is directed. not against licrctrcs.
but against the Ariiertcrni l'.Sllll)llSlllllL'ill You do so
with a force that rsjust as vigorous and just as lilrnd
as the old witch liunlcrs. Since the beginning of this
semester. your position has become rrrorc and nitric
irresponsible. This can be Illustrated by your
jirvcnilc editorial of Sept. 30 (Peace vs. the USA).
the tremendously distorted and biased caption on
the front page of the lict. l7 issue ("...tlic names of
those murdered try the government of these United
States") and now your condemnation of
Department of Defense contracts on this campus.
You strrtc that you see “the Defense Department as
it conglomerate(industry developing exciting new

ways to kill people at lioriic and around the world."

I would like to ask, in what way is research in the
ﬁeld of send-conductors an "exciting devclopriinct
in killing pcoplc‘.r,. The purpose of this research is
rather obvious. All ol‘our military coriirrrunications.
electronics and detection devices are based on
solid-state transistors (as are radios and 'l'V's).Thc
US. govcrrinicnt is ti\iiig lo dctcriiiinc that. should
nuclcrii was break out, our forces oonld remain or
conirniimcritron and would be able to strike back
\\‘Ill| it lorcc equal to that \\‘Illl which we :ircr
stiirck. lt .iriy Cllt'lll) coutr) knou for sure that they
could wipe out our electronics nctuork with a ten
wcll placed nuclear explosions. this could pirt out
national SL‘L‘lIlII) tll icopiirdy in other words, baby.
Dr. ('orbclt is working on lll.\ prop'cl kriownig his
lindirigs are helping to protect its .ill‘

Damn it! (let off your assumed throne and \‘top
trying to find new targets at wlrrclr you can throw
your “witch hunting" r'cactronarrcs! ()rrr paper is
supposed to be published for the benefit of the
student body, trot to steer it off in new directions of
cariipus chaos!

another concerned American.
Lee J. Spiro

 

Z ,5 STAFF

Thu Albany Student Press is published two times a
week by the Student Association of the State University
at New York at Albany. Tho ASP editorial office is
located in room 334 of the Campus Cuntar. This
rruwspnpur is funded by S. A. tax. The ASP was founded
by the class of 1918. The ASP plioritis are 457 2190,
2194' I'Jtllltll’h'rfll'l‘llft'f
Jill I'nznil: .\‘- Iro ll'ol/‘inrili

. It'nlliy IIrrst'rriuIi
.‘lllfltl 'I'huyt'r
llrir'yl l.,\'iriit' ll'ilgt'r
[)ttt't' It‘r'nlr

Mnrlr (iriiriil

. I’rrl (l‘ltt'rn

. ’l‘oiri (.‘liugrrn
Linda h‘trrsznh
Andy Ilnt'lrht'rg

.'\’i'rits l-Itlilrrr
.rlssm'inlr' News I'Irlittir
:lrls Editor

Sports Editor

Assistant Sports Editor
'I't'r'linir'rrl Ir‘di'lor .
Assistith 'l'i'i‘lrnit'ul Editors

Photography Editor
Iiusi'ncstr Manager . . . . . . . Clint-I.- ltr‘birlr
Advertising Mnnnger . . . . . . . . Daniel Firs-man
Features Editor . , . . . . . . . . . . linrry Kirselrner

The Albany Student Press assumes no responsibility tor
oplirionl “9er In in columns Ind communications In
such exprmlonl do not mummy reflect ltr vlews.

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vol. [W No. II

Council reviewa ASP
election procedures

A considerable amount of
discussion at last Thursday night‘s
Central Council meeting
concerned the publicizing of
election results in the ASP. The
topic was brought under
consideration by a proposed bill
introduced by Chuck Ribak
calling for the listing of winners
and losers in elections but with
only the vote count of the
winners publicized in the ASP.

This bill would repeal Central
Council Bill 6970-26 of Oct. 9th
which requires: “that Election
Commission publicize via the
Albany Strident Press the
complete results (including the
vote count of winners and losers
except Who‘s Who losers of all
election under itsjurisdiction."

Council member Ralph
DiMarino cited that this bill was
positive censorship.

Though discussion of the ASP's-

violation of the earlier bill was not
deemed necessary and exactly
legal, the debate centered around
that issue.

Dave Ncufeld said that since
the ASP was funded by Student
Association; SA should be the
policy maker. There was
murniered dissent voiced
regarding this statement.

The only censorship, according
to Gary Gold, rests within
Cimmunications Commission.

Election Commissioner.
Jeanette Beckerman praised the
front page coverage received by
the Faculty Senate elections. She
further reported that when some
of the losers learned their results
they indicated that they were glad
that their vote count was not
listed.

Lenny Ko p, author of the
original bill 6970-26) felt that
when a person enters an election,
he is then in the public domain
and has no right to be shielded
from the public.

The discussion was ended by a
tablirrg of Ribak’s bill with a vote
of 23-20.

The subject of Student
Association's tight money
situation was also brought up by
Gary Gold. Since SA is already in
debt and Athletic Advisory Board

Opinion poll:
students give
views of rules

by Carol Hughes

A student opinion poll on rules
to govern lhc iiiziintcrrnncc of
order on the University will be
held November 7th arid Pith in the
('rrrriptrs (‘critcr under the
supervision of the Ad lloc
(tilllllllllt‘C on Rules and
Regulations of Central Council.

This actrorr is Ill accordance
with the recently cnactcd state
:r\v requiring the submissions of

regulations concerned with public
order by every college and
university in Ncw York state to
the liorird of Regents. Vice
President Tliorric had requested
student reaction in this matter.
continued to page 7

has a very large surplus
(approximately $160,000), Gold
proposed that the $7.75 of the
Student Assessment which
normally goes to AAB be used to
eradicate the deﬁcit in SA’s
budget.

it was felt that students would
never see their money put to use
if it goes into the AAB budget and
it could better aid the ﬁnancial
problems of SA.

if it goes into the AAB bridget and
it could better aid the financial
problems of SA.

A motion was made that for
second semester the Athletic
Advisory Board’s part of Student
Tax ($7.75) be put into the SA
budget.

This motion was tabled by a
unanimous vote pending further
information. People involved with
the AAB will be invoted to a
future meeting in order to answer
the questions of Council
members.

An appropriation of $907 for
the Society of Physics Students
was approved by a vote of l6-t-7.
Another appropriation bill for the
Committee for Undergraduate
Requirement Elimination for
$225 was tabled (24—0-l) until it
is determined if funds can be
procured from other agencies
within the University.

Central Council is also asking
Special Events Board to fully
investigate any possible action
dealing with Dionne Warwick
concert. Miss Warwick did not
fulﬁll her contract in regard to the
anrount of time performing.

The following appointments
were also approved:

Committee on Academic
Standing—Perry Silvermna, Sharon
Rothstein

Committee on
in d e p endent
Kominis

Central Purchasing Service
insurance and Equipment-Mark
Goor, Walt Dolierty, Dick Wesley,
Miss Corbin and Vic Looper

Academic Affairs

Honors and
StudynKathy

C ornmission--David Peck

Two new members of Political
and Social Positions Committee
were also announced: Bill O'Kain
and Fran Batiste.

  

Stet: lid

  

"rm'um.

mﬂ'vELYV'LJ4ﬂV—a3lwl

urtttuetNuYorhat Al

bang

 

 

 
  

memmmemwaﬁmnwmmvmm

o

 .1...

CONSIDER LIFE FROM A NEW PERSPECTIVE.

How can learnin
on the Albany State

byBilllohruon

How can learning be improved
on the Albany State campus? This
is the question that will be
discussed at a special session for
interaction between students and
faculty next Monday from 3 to 5
pm. in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall.

An effort is being made to have
this first meeting as free. open and
unstructured as possible to
provide for exposure to a wide
variety of opinions and free
thought. This announcement was
made by President Alan Kuusisto
at his weekly conference with
students.

The President also expressed his
satisfaction at the first meeting of
the University Senate with its
thirty-three new student
members. He described it as an
historic and constructive meeting
with air absense of olarization
between students and iiiculty with
the students playing a full and
significant role in the proceedings.

In response to a student’s
question, concerning budget cuts,

 

...baniamin

be

the Presideirt stated that the
University's discretional
expenditure funds were severely
cut. The maintenance and
janitorial staffs were hit the
hardest, but academic
departments also had to have their
funds cut.

Many complaints were aired by
students concerning the poor way
they believe the Pass-Fail grading
system is being handled.
According to the plan, freshmen
will either receive a pass or no
credit grade on their transcripts.

 

...ben.l0'"l"

improved
cam us

There is much anxiety among
students concerning the effect of
the grading system on transfer
possibilities and the difference
between no- credit and
withdrawal grades.

The President tried to console
the consternation by proposing
that the Undergraduate Academic
Council will have to take steps to
iron our these difﬁculties. An
important idea was stated that the
hoped-for imporved educational
effect of pass-fail grading has been

continued to page 3

Black Panthers
to ‘wake the people’

byDivePedr

The Black Panthers, in a press
conference held Friday, Oct. 3i at
2 o'clock, pointed out the
deplorable conditions in which
the poor of Albany live.

Jerry Dmbeuu , the Harlem
Representative trorii Peekskill.
said that the Black Panthers will
start a free hot breakfast program
for the eleiireritary school ghetto
children of Albany. He explained
that because of cutbacks in
welfare, parents will not be able
to live their children breakfast.

D'Arbcaii stated that the
glicltos of Albany are ruled by
fear - fear of the "pigs." He told
of an incident in Albany where a
woman, three months pregnant,
was beaten and kicked in the
stomach by the police.

Tire Panthers are trying to
“wake up the people." Mr.
D'Arbeau said they would like to
see “People‘s control of a
decentralized police department.
better housing for our people. and
a better education for our
children." They plriri to do this by
talking to people and getting their
support. When asked how many
members the Panthers have, Vern
Bowen, Defense Captain of the
Albairy Buick Panthers, said three
million with fer nrlllion in
training.

The Press Conference was held
at 41 Ten Broeck Street. The
paint was peeling off the bricks,
the doors were boarded up, and
the mailboxes were all broken.
The sign above the doors said
“Elite Apts."

Elite Apts. is located in the
Arbor Hill section of Albany, an
all black ghetto. When the twenty
white students from SUNYA who
support the Panthers showed up
they received irrany stares. One
supposes that few, if any. whites
are ever seen in this
neighborhood. The ’anthers wore
black berets and ither a clenched
list or a live inch bullet around
their necks.

Down the block is the Ten
liroeck Mansion. A few houses
away was a boarded-rip htiildiiig.
A sign posted on it read. “This
building lrris been treated for the
control of Vermin and Rodents:
Date 7-234“) Do not enter until
7-29-69."

The Press Channel 13. the
Times Union. the ASP, and three

radio statiotrs) entered Elite
apartment number 7. It has one
bedroom, a living room, a kitchen,
and a bath. Four children and
their mother 1ch in these two
rooriis. each of which was a little

continued to page 2

A ‘V—«n

 

 

 

