.t .‘L. _.-L~‘.5;.3.‘-.s. mass} m.» .m 1mm. ..

“he”. a». ,z— .1. , ‘ 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 6 public notice

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

public notice TUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1969

SUPREME COURT DECISION ON BUSES

Student Association
Supreme Court

Decision 0n the Bus Appropriation to Washington D.C.
(Bill CC 6970-24)

Under consideration is the constitutionality of CC 6970-24 challenged in a referral
presented to the Supreme Court of the Student Association of the State University of
New York at Albany, by Bert Devorsetz. The Court now renders its decision.

Re: Devorsetz referral: "Until November of 1967 Student Association had never
funded any group of a partisan political or religious nature. At that time Council enacted
an allocation ’of funds for the Young Americans for Freedom chapter organized on the
campus. This allocation was rescinded by a further paragraph of bill 6768-73. No religious
organization to my knowledge has ever ' " ,, J the f " J J ‘

Central Council has acted in direct contradiction of past statute and precedent. The
group involved will be the first six hundred students to buy tickets for the bus. The
march, not just the war, is a partisan political issue since there, in facts, different opinions
are argued by politicians."

The Court will now differentiate between a group and a committee.

CC 6869-14—Central Council Rules 1968-1969, Section VIII Parliamentary Authority,
Part A states “The rules contained in Robert's Rules of Order Revised shall govern
Central Council in all cases to which they are applicable and in which they are not
inconsistent with the special rules of order of Central Council." Robert ’s Rules of Order
Revised, Article IX—Committees and Boards, Section 52—Oommittees, Special and

r

Standing states: “It is usual in deliberative assemblies, to have all preliminary work in the
preparation of matter for their action done by means of committees. The committee may
be either a ‘standing committee’. appointed for a definite time, as a session orta year; or a
‘special (or select) committee’, appointed for a special purpose; or a ‘committee of the
whole‘ consisting of the entire assembly." - .

CC 6869-14 Central Council Rules 1968-1969, Section Ill—Committee Formation A.
Standing Committees, Part 3, states: “The following shall be corfsidered the Standing
Committees of Central Council: a. Election Commission, b. Finance, c. Solicitations, d.
Student Ambassador, e. Student Tax.” CC 6667-47, Political and Social Positions Policy,
states in Section II Committee, part 1, “That there shall be established a Political and
Social Positions Committee, as a standing committee of Central Council (P.S.P.
Committee).”

CC 6768-73 part 1, states: “. . .that Student Association monies shall not be used to
directly finance any group which advocates any specific partisan political viewpoint." and
part II, states: ". . .that the Budget passed for Young Americans for Freedom be
rescinded." The Court feels that the Young Americans for Freedom is a definite political
partisan group which espouses a definite political doctrine as stated in the constitution.
The American College Dictionary states a standing committee is “a permanent
committee, as of legislature, society, etc., intended to consider all matters pertaining to a
designated subject.” The Political and Social Positions Committee is not a political
partisan group and therefore is not subject to CC 6768-73. The Court so rules by a vote
of 5-0-0 (Justices Handelman, Healt, Lieverrnan, Potskowski, and Stephan concurring).

The Court will now consider the constitutionality of bill CC6970-24-the
appropriation to Political and Social Positions Committee.

Majority Opinion

The Constitution, Article I, Central Council,
Section 3: Duties and Powers, part d states: “The
Central Council shall be empowered to provide
effective communication for relating students of the
University Community and with the broader
community as well."

Section VIII—Political Involvement of CC
6667-47 states: 1. “That it shall be the primary
responsibility of the P.S.P. Committee to study and
coordinate involvement in political and social
controversies and questions, which are above and
beyond Position Statements. 3. That it be the
primary responsibility of the P.S.P. Committee to
make recommendations with respect to any such
involvements.‘I

The Court feels precedent had been set in CC
6869-115—Action on State Cut to Education which
supported “a massive letter writing campaign to the
New York State Legislature in order to protest the
proposed cut in State aid to education. . ." and CC
6869-119 which transferred monies for the
implementation of this writing campaign P.S.P.
Committee coordinated. (The American College
Dictionary states on to coordinate: “To combine in
harmonious relation or action.") the efforts of the
student body.

On October 2, 1969 P.S.P. Committee introduced
into Central Council a petition, signed by 2,797
students, petitioning Central Council to assist them
“in financing a fleet of buses to be sent from
Albany to Washington" on November 15, 1969.

The Court rules that this action was an action
coordinating the efforts of the 2797 petitioners. CC
6970-24 was “above and beyond" a Position
Statement (see CC 6667-47 Section III—Position
Statements) and P.S.l’. Committee was therefore in
its capacity to make recommendations to Central
Council in the form if a bill (CC 6970-24). In light
of the Constitution (Article 1, Section 3, part d) and
CC 6667-47 (Section III) the Court rules bill CC
6970-24 to bc constitutional by a vote of :l-Z-(l
(Justices Handelman, Lieberman, and Stephan
concurring, and Justices “call and Potskowski
dissenting).

Minority Opinion

The Court does not dispute the power of Central
Council to actively relate student interest to the
community at large as well as to the University as
stated in the Constitution, Arlice l, Central Council.
Section 3: Duties and Powers, part (I (as
aforementioned), The Court also agrees that CC
6970-24 was above and beyond a Position
Statement (see CC 6667-47 Section III—Position
Statements) and that l’.S.P. Committee has the
power to “ . .study and coordinate involvement in
political and social controversies and questions,
which are above and beyond Position Statements,"

Coordinate is defined by the American College
Dictionary as "To combine into harmonious
relation or action," i.c., to bring together. The
Court contends that Political and Social Positions
Committe in sponiioring billa CC 6869-115 and CC
6869-119 (which have been termed precedent
setting legislation) and CC 6970-24, providing for
the allocation of financial assistance to groups or
individuals expressing a particular interest or cause,
did not act within the limits of CC 6667-47 as
defined in Section VIII.

0" March 13. 1.9.69. .P-.$:i’.-.99m'n‘ttﬁsﬁrecésu”

bill CC 6869-119 which related to a particular
interest or cause—aid to education in New York
State. CC 6869-119 allocated $385.00 to cover
expenses of writing letters to students’ parents
asking the parents to write their state
representatives in protest of Governor Rockefeller’s
requested reduction in aid to education.

On October 2, 1969 P.S.P. Committee introduced
into Central Council bill CC 6970-43. The Student
Association Brief stated that this “...petition of
2797 manes served as the Council’s basis for
financial support..." The petition stated: We the

undersigned hereby petition Central Council to
support, for humane and moral purposes, the
anti-war march on Washington on November
15,1969, and, we also petition you to assist in
financing a fleet of buses to be sent from Albany
to Washington on the same date, so that those
whishing to do so may have the opportunity to
denonstrate against this unhumane and immoral
war.

The Counrt maintains that bills CC 6869-115, CC
6860-119group, but are of a supporting nature.
Webster's Third New International Dictionary
defines support: To uphold by aid, countenance, or
adherence: Actively promote interests or cause of."

By allocating funds to finance the
aforementioned letter writing campaign and the
buses to Washington the Court rules that bills CC
6869-115, CC 6869-119, and CC 6970-24 presented
by P.S.P. Committee are beyond the legal
limitations as set forth in Section VIII of the P.S.P.
Committee Policy Statement and are
unconstitutional. The Court votes 2-3-0 (Justices
Healt and Potskowski concurring, and Justices
Handelman, Lieberman, and Stephan dissenting.)

Re: Devorsetz referral: “Furthermore Council has
acted in breiich of its trust with the student body.
Since the student tax collected by the Student
Association is mandatory, not voluntary, the
Council is in fact charged with a greater
responsibility than it was when Student Association
was voluntarily joined. The Board of Trustees noted
this in their recent pronouncements (Court:
seeBonrd of ’I‘rustecs Resolution of May 16, 1068 -
.'l02.l-i)."

()n a referendum held on April 28-30, [965, 24%
of lhe student body (20% needed for a valid
referendum) voted 787 in favor, 91 against, and 6
abstentith (q.v. ASP May 4, l965) in favor of the
proposed Student Association Constitution now in

use.) Article I, Section 3, part fstates “The Central
Council shall have the power to determine student
tax, to establish general financil policy, to allocate
funds, and to have ultimate power of audit and
control of student finances."

The Board of Turstees relolution 302.14, gave the
Student ASsociation the power to "fix and assess
upon themselves an annual fee." On a referendum
held on April 30-May 2, 1969 1070 people voted
(20% or 979 people needed for the referendum to

be valid) 563 to 507 (q.v. ASP May 6, 1969), in
favor of having mandatory student tax.

Henceforth Central Council has become a duly
elected body based upon majority rule and the
protection of minority rights. Minority rights are
protected by voice of dissent, election of
representatives to Central Council, and by appeal to
the Supreme Court of the Student Association.
Central Council has the power to dielgnte monies
and its misappropriation may be appealed. Student
Association (i.e. Central Council) has a greater
responsibility to all members of the University. Teh
Court is in agreement upon this point by a 5-0-0-
vote (Justices Hundelman, l-lealt, Lieberman,
Potskowski, and Stephan concurring.)

The Deworsetz referral makes reference to the
Board of Turstees Resolution 302.14 as to what
types of programs may be supported by an annual
fee. The Court’s jurisdiction “shall extend to all
cases, in law and equity, arising under the
Constitution, the laws of Student Association, and
enactments made or which shall be made, under
their authority.” (Article IV, Section 2 - Student
Association Constitution) Resolution 302.14 does
not come under this urtisdiction, therefore the
Court shall not rule on this point.

Re: Devorsetz referral: “The issue then may
come back to whether the war or the march is a
pertisan issue, I believu strongly that it is."

According to the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court (Article IV, Section 2 - Student Association
Consistution), the Court shall not rule or state its
opinions on the morality or political implications of
the war or the march.

So Rendered by the Supreme Court of the Student Association of llic State University
of New York at Albany, this TwentySevciitli Day of October, Nineteen Hundred and

Six ty-Nine.

Paul Liebennan, Chiel Justice
Jay Handelnian. Associate ChiefJustice
William Healt Jr., Justice
Edward Potkowdd. Justice
Carl Spephaii. Justice

' ADVERTISEMENT

 

 

    

    

 

 

 

 

 

incl! 2 ALBANY s'i'uosN'r mas 1mg“, museum
Action not talk grafﬁti
goal of new group _

by Liz Elsesser

Women’s Liberation Movement,
a newly formed campus
organization is working hard to
achieve recognition on campus.
They are in the process of drawing
up a charter, as well as obtaining
literature and organizing publicity
committees.

Female status and awareness
were among the discussion topics
at yesterday’s meeting. The reason
why there are so few women in
full time, high university positions
was questioned. Women are often
centered in home life, but this is
not by choice.

This organization feels that
women must act, not just talk. To
facilitate this, Women’s Liberation
Movement has decided to sponsor
programs, literature tables, guest
speakers and films. Thought and
action on the part of women is
more important than legislative
process.

Beginning with campus
problems, the Women's Liberation
Movement hopes to then branch
out to more important aspects of
the “feminine mystique.“ One felt
that the infirmary set up was
unfair and that women should be
issued birth control pills. It was
mentioned too that hours for
women on other campuses need
to be abolished.

0n the national level, women's
status must unquestionably be
raised. The few women who hold
any sort of influential positions
nowadays, are often incompatible
to fellow females as employers
simply because of the competition
involved. The reputations of
women athletes and politicians are
not what they should be only as a
result of ignorance. The
“unfeminine” connotation seems
to usually appear.

Liberation Movement are open to
any university women--faculty
and students. Possibly in the
future, when the committee has
better established itself, the
meetings will be open to all.
Abortion laws, birth-control,
alimony, and other related male
vs. female topics will be discussed.
The next meeting will be on
Monday November 3rd, at 3:00
p.m. in the Campus Center
ﬁreplace lounge.

President’s
Press Conference

by Judy Baldasain

The major portion of President
Kuusisto’s weekly conference
Monday dealt with the Pass-No
Grade proposal discussed by
Faculty Senate yesterday. The
president stated that such a
system would enable freshmen
and sophomores to more easily
adapt to college life, but there
would also exist the danger of a
resultant general lowering of
standards on the part of both
faculty and students.

In relation to this question, Dr.
Thorne, Vice President for
Student Affairs, stated that he
was against this proposal, even
though he was for the concept
behind it. According to Thorne,
the current proposal was unfair to
students in that it did not allow a
student to know his academic
standing.

In response to a request by the
Non-Violent Action Group for use
of university facilities for a draft
counseling center and library, Dr.
Thorne said that a go-ahead had
not been received but that ii more
formal answer was forthcoming.

continued to page 2

Campus Young Conservatives
will meet tonight Tuesday Oct. 28
at 7:30 in CC 373

WEDNESDAY

Open Meeting, Albany
Film-Making Society Wednesday,
October 29, CC 316, at 7 p.m.

Theodore White’s award
winning film documentary
“China: Roots of Madness” will
be presented again this Wed. Oct.
29 at 7:30 in LC 19.

RYM II of SDS is holding an
open informational meeting
Wednesday, October 29, at 8 p.m.
in Humanities 132. David
Mathews, SDS regional traveller
for upstate New York, will talk
about current RYM 11 activities.

THURSDAY

October 30, Syracuse
University - School of Law -
students interested in Admission
to Syracuse University College of
Law.

The YOung Peoples Socialist
League will hold a short and vital
meeting on Thurs. Oct. 30. Room
will soon be posted.

FRIDAY

Fri. Oct. 31, U.S. Department
of Agriculture interviewing majors
in accounting, auditing,
government, political science,
psychology, sociology. Majors in
business, finance, statistics,
commerce, marketing and
economics must have 6
accounting credits completed.

 

 

NOV. 5

 

. :f‘ 'I’

/( ‘ .
WEDNESDAY
9 PM. EST
CBS-TV

  
     

/

 

It's new...it's Sinatra
all the way.

DUDWEISERo - KIND OF BEERSO - ANNEUSER-BUSON. INC. I ST. LOUIS
NEWARK 0 LOS ANOELES - TAMPA - HOUSTON - COLUMBUS o JACKSONVILLE

 

SUNYA Concert Ba'nd
Commission on Oct. 31, at 4:45
p.m. in PAC-B-ZB.

Dean FJ. Ticknor will be the
Instant Colloquium lecturer,
speaking on “Has Imperialism a
Future?" Sayles Hail, Oct. 31,
1969 at 2:00 p.m.

NEXT WEEK

On Nov. 4 at 11 am. in Sayles
Hail Lounge, Mr. Stellenweif of
the University of
Pennsylvania’sWharton School of
Finance and Commerce will meet
with senior students in economics,
political science and related
disciplines who are interested in
graduate study in governmental
administration.

On Nov. 5 at 3:30 p.m. in
Sayles Hall Lounge, Kenneth
Bode, Director of Research for
the McGovern Commission, will
speak on the Reorganization of
the Democratic Party.

O’Dwyer

continued from page I

realizes that many will not be able
to go to Washington. However,
there is plenty to be done in local
communities. He urges those who
are not going to Washington to
work in their communities.

There was also a wide variety of
topics introduced by the
audience. On the presidential
prospects for 1972, O'Dwyer says
that George McGovern is alright,
but there are others. He made a
strong suggestion that Harold
Hughes of Iowa has, in his
opinion, very good credentials.

O‘Dwycr also feels that there

existential crisis really exist? If
you are interested in intimate
weekly discussions of these kinds
of questions, cail438-6709.

The following positions are still
available on University Senate
C o u n c i l s a n d
CommitteeszPersonnel Policies
Council, Committee on Academic
Freedom and Professional Ethics,
Committee on Academic
Standing, Honors and
Independent Study. For
applications and more
information contact Terry
Mathias in Campus Center 346 or
call 457-3430,

DRUGS ON CAMPUS

A mobile unit from the
Narcotics Association will be on
campus Oct. 28, 29 and Nov. 12,
13 from 9:00-5:00 p.m. at the
circle. The unit will display
various forms of narcotics. The
unit is being sponsored by the
campus Social Confrontation
Committee.

on 1972

are any number of Democrats in
New York that are capable of
beating Governor Rockefeller.
Since the Chicago convention
O‘Dwyer feels that some state
wide changes have been made in
the Democratic Party.

O‘Dwyer strongly believes that
the environmental problems in the
U.S. as pollution and
discrimination must take a greater
role in politics. As for whether or
not Mr. O’Dwyer feels that he can
win next November he replied,
“that is up to you in the
audience."

 

CC 316

OPEN MEETING

ALBANY FILM- MAKING
SOCIETY
Wednesday, Oct. 29

7pm

 

 

CHECK THIS LIST
Preparation for

GRADUATE RECORD
EXAMINATION APTITUDE TEST

LAW SCHOOL ADMISSION TEST“
MILLER ANALOOIES TEST

GRADUATE BUSINESS SCHOOL
ADMISSION TEST

NATIONAL TEACHER —
COMMON EXAMINATIONS

MEDICAL COLLEGE
ADMISSION TEST

FEDERAL SERVICE
ENTRANCE EXAMS

DENTAL APTITUDE TEST

 

 

PASS THAT TES r/

with the help of

COWLES
SCORE-HIGH
EXAM BOOKS

8%")(11’ - Paper - 64.95, all others $3.95 each
See them at your local bookstore

COMO. ICON Company, Inc. A nub-Islam of cows con-instances, m.

  

INSIST ON COMES—
THE QUALITY STUDY GUIDES
FOR TOP TEST SCORES
- Up-to-date test material
- Best organized study guides
- Do's and don’ts

of test taking
- Step-by-step programming
- Accurate practice tests
- Explained answers
- Sell-evaluation prollle

plus

COWLES GUIDE TO
GRADUATE SCHOOLS.

Covers more than 1,400 schools:
costs. faculty. study programs,
lieu-Ind. financial lld.
facilities, etc.

 

 

 

      
   
  
 
 
    
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
     
      
    
    
      
    
    
   
   
      
    
    
 
    
    
  
  
 
 
    
  
   
 
    
     

  
 
    
  
  
   
   
  
  

       
       
      

