   
  
   

Acam'mme”  l V' '

"1’": nos: TRUSI'ED’

   
         

 

l: J ’   becomln imbre‘ clear every day: power is’the ro rty
ofthe- powerful. it is eirs to use or ignore, theirs to nt gr gsny.
Those who attempt to attain power will be broken andﬁiii deluded by

   
   
 
 

the powerful.

.TheﬂUniversity structure ‘is one prime example of this adage.
Administration power determines whether students will move
forv‘md,’ backvtard or remain static, Our seemingly great ‘reforms’ are

illusory; the Administration gives up nothing it really wishes to retain

control of. ‘

  
 

   

I The‘ RPA department chairman tried—and nearly was totally
succet'ul in her attempt—to deny students even the illusion of power.
Now, the students, due to awareness and concern by a dedicated few,
have attained at least that illusion.

   
  
  
     
    
  
   
    
 

We somehow hope that President Kuusisto will till the concerned
stggents. rn RPA as they attempt to move their illusions closer to
re ty. - '

Illusion and reality are not easily distinguishable at times; this is
why.- administrations have been' so successful. Yet it is possible that
someday reality will merge with illusion, and student power will mean
something vital and real. If not, tragedy is on the way, for this is the
stuff from which radicals are created.

'4 ~ COMMUNICATIONS

  

\

m...- w ecaaaueaacr

 

oratortv. DBCEMBER.12,'1969

 

protection for recreational use. These lands belong
to you. They will be turned over to the timber
companies for cutting if your voice is not heard
immediately."
WHAT YOU CAN DO

“The most effective way to be heard is to write a
personal letter or postcard, in your own words. to
the people listed below. Be sure to include your
home address and refer to the bill by name and
number.

University Vietnam Action

To the Editors:

On Monday, December 15th, there will be an
attempt to discuss and act upon the following bill.
.‘ it will be introduced on the ﬂoor by its sponsors.
-’ because we have been prevented from getting our
{ bill on the agenda. Senate supposedly represents all
students and faculty. so we urge you to support the
bill in person, at 3:30 p.m.. Monday. at the
Assembly Hall in the Campus Center.

“W- -------- ‘- 3 “as” B 1..
House Ofﬁce Buildin cm"? '99 "i mg
washingmn' [10 205B” Washington, DC. 20515
The Bill proposed by: Jack Schwartz and John
Reilly is as follows:
A. As members of an institution of values that
“ contribute to building human community, students
‘ and faculty inevitably ﬁnd their individual and

“Stress the following points:
I. Only a small percentage of the original virgin
forests in the US. remain untouched. If this bill

 

 

 

  

political positions related to their lives in an
edueational community. The University. in addition
to being a home of acaderuic education is also
obligated to instill a sense of moral conscience and
the exploration of values in its merubers. as well as
promoting good citizenship. political consciousness.
and the ability to judge the legitimacy of
governmental authority.

B. Therefore, we, the Senate of the State
University ochw York at Albany. hereby condemn
the past and present policies of the United States in
the region of Southeast Asia, and in particular. the
nation of Vietnam. We denounce the immoral
violations of international peace and the unjust
interference with the Vietnamese people‘s right to
self-determimrtion. -

C. The Senate body is obligated toward such an
'ction. in its capacity as the major representative

ody and the appropriate channel ofexprcssion of'
the views of both students and faculty in the
University community.

Jack Schwarl‘l.
Preserve Our Forests
T0 the Editor:

In Tuesday‘s Communications was a letter from
Richard L. Ottlngcr asking students to become
involved in “...the fight to preserve the
environment..." There will be a “teaclrin” April 23,
1970. concerned with the preservation of our
enviromnent. This is great but it is coming too late
if we want to preserve much of our now existing
virgin forest land. There is a bill now before
Congress which in essence will open up our virgin
lands to unlirnilcd lumbering. The following is an
excerpt from one of thc runny letters from
conservationists l have recently received: “A bill,
the National Timber supply Act (S. 1832. ||.R.
12025). is pending in Congress which will result in
the rapid cutting on an estimated 60 to 70% of all
National Forest lands outside the existing wilderness
areas. This land. formerly nuuraged for multiple use.
(wildlife. watershed, recreation. forage. and timber).
is to be converted to timber only unruagemcut.
Wor . the bill directs the Secretary of Agriculture
to ta ta steps to begin the immediate cutting at a
high rate on all such lands. These lands include
much of the remaining virgin forests in the US.

“If passed. it won d mean that hardly any more
scenic or wilderness land: would be available for

passes they will soon disappear.

2. The lands are public property and should not
be administered for the sole beneﬁt of the timber
industry. which has its own extensive holdings.

3. The rapid increasing recreational use of the
forests makes it urgent to set aside more scenic and
wilderness land. The bill as presently drafted will
make this goal impossible."

So please. ifyou are at all interested in helping to
preserve our National Forest lands for our
generation and hopefully all those to come. send a
letter to your Congressman and Senator asking that
this bill be voted down. llurry. time is running out.

Sincerely.

Rona Brown
l’rcs. Albany State Outing Club

Unjust Punishment

To the members of the SUNYA Judicial Board:

I am writing this letter in protest to your recent
decision. in which you suspended from academic
activities. the individual who was responsible for the
burning of the Victmrrn Village huts which were on
display in front of the campus center. Although, I
do not approve of his actions. I feel that he was
unjustly punished for an act which was politically
motivated. If students are busted for the possession
of drugs ( a federal offense). and are allowed to
remain in attendance at this University. then. I
believe that for the sake of an individual who has
already completed three-fourths of this semester.
and for the reputation of the Judicial Board as being
a just am! sound body. that the judgement against
this individual should be remanded for further
consideration by the Judicial Board.

Sincerely.
Tom Sawyer

Kosher Passover
To the Editor:

On the evening of April 20. 1070. Passover will
begin. Because of the calendar arrangement for this
year, we will be here at the university for the entire
eight days. This will inevitably cause dietary
difficulties for those who choose to obeserve the
holiday. For this reason. we are organizing a three
meal per day Kosher for Passover food arrangement.

Since this operation involves considerable
long-range planning. it will be necessary for us to
have a deﬁnite count of those who are interested.
For this purpose. we will have a table at each of the
meal lines on campus on Monday, December 15 and
Tuesday. December 16. All those interested are
requested to give their names at this tiruc.

Basketball Scholarships

To the Editors:

I hope you will take time out from politics in the
ASP to print something concerning the school. (it is
so important that you can leave out this ﬁrst
paragraph if you will print the rest of the letter.)

1 would like to make the proposal that we change
the name of our basketball team from the “Great
Danes" to the “Albany Clowns." I think we merit
this name more after seeing the Plattsburg game. 1
am not trying to insult the individual players, they
played with a lot of hustle and desire to win and did
better than I probably could have. but ability was
lacking. It’s pretty bad when a hick team like
Plattsburg can come down and murder us. They
weren't even a good team. playing like an old ladies
soccer team. so you can imagine how we played.

My question is. why can‘t a few basketball
scholarships be given out like in most other schools?
Enough of them are given at SUNYA for other
reasons such as dramatics. EOP, speech and just
about anything else under the sun. To take just a
very small percentage of these and give them out for
basketball would hurt no one and would give our
school at least a respectable name in intercollegiate
sports. If this isn‘t done we can expect many more
seasons such as this one. Albany State and Doc
Sauers deserve more than this. The Margison-Pricc
era are over, forever. unless we do something to
make the “Great Danes” great again! Raymond Nﬂidl

Class ‘

Hillel

 

STAFF

'Tbo Albany Student Press ls published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at. Albany. 'I‘hc ASP
editorial office is located in Room till-l of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by SA.
tax, The ASP was founded by the class of 1018.
The ASP phones are 457-2190.2101l.

Editors-ln-Chre/
Jill Paznik tit Ira Wolfman

News Editors . _ . . . . . , . . . . Kathy llusenrnn
Anita 'I‘Imycr
Assistant News Editors . . . . . . . . Nancy Durish
Carol Hughes
Arts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Drwe Flnh

Aariatant Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . Mark Gmnd

Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pat O‘Hcrn

Assistant Technical Editors . . . . . .’I'om Clingan

Linda Staczak
Photography Editor . . . . . . . . .Eri l’olakoumhl
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Ribak
Advertising Mam-gar . . . . . . . . .Danlel Foxrnan
Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . Barry Kirschner

The Editorial Policy at the Albany Student Pro- is
amounted lgvuthe Edison-MOM”.

 

 

 

     

   

 ALBANY STUD: 

PRESS

 
    

 

  
   

 

 

 
 
    

 
     
 
 

 
  
 
 

The State Unlemltg  Ne. York’ a." Albany

its

 
  
 

 
 
 
 

  

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

    
    
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 

 
  
 

AT YESTERDA'S SENATEeeting, some Senators were “dispensed with the audience and some of the
audience seemed displeased with the Senate. Except for adjouming, little was accomplished.

...maduro and hochberg

Small, spirited group stages
anti-draft demonstration

by Bill Johnson

Yesterday‘s snow, slush and
freezing temperatures did not
prevent about ﬁfty Albany State
students and teachers from
attending the Anti-Draft
Demonstration at the Albany
Draft Induction Center. The
demonstration consisted chieﬂy
of student speakers and a chanting
circular procession in front of the
building.

The possiblity of entering the
building and making attempts to
prevent induction from taking
place was thwarted when
permission to enter the building

was denied on the grounds that it
was not public property.

Several students then spoke,
emphasizing the group‘s intention
to take definite action against the
draft system. Speakers also stated
the disirability of helping draft
eligible individuals to avoid the
draft on the basis of strength in
numbers.

Although an overt vibrancy was
somewhat lacking in the
demonstration, a sense of unity
and spirit of protest was present
despite the smallness of the group
and the biting cold.

Slogans such as “Tricky
Dickey-end the war!” and one.

History students
raise tenure issue

by Sharon Philipsorr

A resolution was adopted this
afternoon at a meeting of the
History Student‘s Association
regarding the granting of tcrnrre to
Dr. Clara Tucker of the
University‘s History Department.
The resolution reads as follows:

“In view of Dr. Clara Tucker’s
extensive service to the university
and outstanding record as an
undergradtnrtc teacher. the l'l.S.A.
urges the University (‘ouncll on
Promotion and Continuing
Appointments to recommend to
the President that she rcccivc
tenure."

According .to Paul thclcr.
Associate Dean of the (‘ollegc of
Arts and Sciences. Dr. Tucker has
not yet been denied tenure. “or
case is still under evaluaion. The
History Department
recommended the granting of Dr.
Tucker's tenure to the Arts and
Sciences Cornrnlttee on
Promotion and Continuing
Appointment. The case was
considered and the Departments
decision overruled.

The matter next goes to an
all-University Conunlttee, the
University Council on Promotions

 

of Continuing Appointments and
will be reviewed within the near
future. Their rccommcmlation
will be forwarded to President
Kuusisto for ﬁnal approval.

President Kuusisto will then
forward his rccornrncndatlon to
Chancellor Gould of the State
University System who will then
give it to the Board of Trustees.
The decisions of Gould and the
trustees are usually in accord with
those of the President. According
to the Faculty Handbook. tenure
should be granted on the basis of
teaching, scholarship. and service.

Dr. 11. Peter Krosby, Chariman
of the History Department stated
that in the mat the granting of
tenure was frequently based on
teaching alone. Today, both
teaching and publication are being
used as criteria. However. an
exception was made by the
Department in Dr. Tucker's case.
On the basis of faculty opinion
and student evaluation. her
teaching has been considered
excellent.

All students who are concerned
with the granting of tenure to Dr.
Tucker are urged to sign the

circulated by the HSA.

two three, four, end the
mother-fucking war" were
chanted to an amused crowd of
Albany lunch-hour citizens
emerging from the boredom of
their offices and businesses. Many
of the crew-cut personnel of the
center gazed glumly from behind
the locked doors of the building
and made occasional remarks of
bewilderment to each other.

The marchers were aided in
spirit by Paula Rosenberg, a
guitarist who sang “The Times are
A—Clrangin."‘ Although the
turnout was small and the action
lasted less than a half-hour. it was
an admirable effort on the part of
the organizers and participants in
informing the “silent majority”
that not everyone blindly accepts
decrees in which they were not
allowed to help formulate.

 

PEACE....BROTHERHO0D....LOVE....
puma“, which are gems demonstratedhtantl-draft protest yesterday at the Capitol.

Tuesday. December Ida 1939

Srenate ignores w. "

 

, . 9
tense. meeting ensues

j by Vickilelden

The University Senate (and that
it is the Unir/ersity Senate was
assured today as the Senate's
Agenda was amended to read
University Senate instead of
Faculty Senate) actually made
two decisions on Dec. 15, 1969!

The new calendar was
introduced at this meeting. As of
fall 1970. classes will begin Thurs.
Sept. 3, and classes will end Mon..
Dec. 14. Final exams will extend
from Dec. 15 to the 22nd.
lntersession will start on Dec.'23
to Jan. 10 Spring semester classes
will commence Tues. Jan. 19.
Spring recess will start at 5:00 pm
Sat., April 5 and end Su_n.. April
11. Classes for the Spring term
will end 10:00 pm Mon.. May 3,
zlrrsrd finals extend from May 7 to

The calendar was presented to
the Senate yesterday, for
informational purposes. The
concept of a revised calendar was.
approved by Senate last year if'
“feasible.”

The ﬁrst decision that was
reached was concerning a new
system for the scheduling of
classes. After lengtth debate
during which the proposal was
unsuccessfully amended
approximately four times. and
tabled and untablcd. a decision
was ﬁnally reached. The proposal
as presented to the Senate was
approved intact.

The gist of the new schedule is
that on Mon., Wed.. Fri. 10 blocks
of 50 min. classes will be held. On
Tues, and Thurs. 6 blocks of 75
min classes will be held. This
means that a student can either
take a course that meets Mon..
Wed.. Fri. for 3-50 minute sittings
or take a course that tects on
Tues. and Thurs. for 2—75 min.
meetings (provided of course that
the course is offered both days).

This also means that there is
virtually no chance of not having
any Fri. classes. The reasons for

r "

 
     

Christmas
...hoehbel’l

the new schedule were tune as
being 1) to maximize choice of
course availibility for student 2)
to provide a fair and considerate
teaching schedule for individual
faculty members including
sufficient uninterrupted time
blocks 3) to make economic use
of facilities.

An attempt on the part of
student senator Jack Schwartz to
have a proposal placed on the
agenda met with considerable
dissension. Mr. Schwartz wants
the Senate to “condemn the past
and present policies of the U.S. in
the region of Southeast Asia, and
in particular, the nation of
Vietnam. And to denounce the
immoral violation of international
peace and the unjust interference
with the Vietnamese people‘s
right to self-determination.”

Schwartz feels that “the Senate
body is obligated toward such
action, in its capacity as the major
representative body and the
appropriate channel of expression
for the views of both students and
faculty in the University
community.”

However the Senate felt
otherwise, and refused to even
place the topic on the agenda by
ruling both r. Schwartz and his
proposal out of order. The
executive committee of the
Senate which is in charge of
drawing up the agenda did not
after evaluation deem this issue as

continued on page 2

Bulb sale

stione
que d
by Tom Clingan

Nearly everyone on campus
Knows of the General Electric
strike. now in its eighth week.
Currently, federal mediation is
being utilized. At stake is the
usual factor—wages. Each side has
already accused the other of a
lack of faith in negotiation, and
the discussions have suffered as a
result.

Several student groups have
sided with the workers in their
plight. either by sympathy or for
private gain. This campus has
recently seen some action in
support of the strikers. most
notably the present fast.

In the midst of this
controversy. the State University
Bookstore has placed General
Electric flashcubes on sale at
$1.19 per package. List price is
about$2.

The sale has moved some
students to inquire into the policy
behind this move. Mr. Bob
Dinovo. purchasing manager for
the Bookstore. said that several
people have approached him on
this matter. His answer is straight
forward: the Bookstore orders
flvo months in advance. The bulbs
were the only GE item in the
53,000 items the store stocks.
They were in stock and paid for
by the time the strike be an.

The Bookstore tas GE
llashcubes for $1.19 per package.
Should you boycott them? Most
students aren’t. since there only
four cases left. and they're going
fast. Hurry. or there'll be none
left to boycott.

 

‘7

     
     
    
    
     

 

      
 
       
  

