  
      
  

  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
 

 
 

 

.
.
t
r
t
t
r
r

 

._ " ' .. M
'1 .....»4...al e-“

 

Editorial Comment

Welcome Patriots

Welcome patriots of peace, welcome to the city of protest, the city
of nerves, the capitol streets are opened to you the one day a year you
can get your creepy heads together in large enough numbers so that
when we strike out blindly we'll get at least some of you, you hippy
faggots , you terrorist agitators for peace, you crazy kids.

Hello city of protest, we are here to grab your balls and twist them
so you scream as hard as the Vietnamese whom you are continually
raping. We came to resurrect Christ, the lord of us all, his long hair
was grabbed two years ago and like Sampson, his powers were
stripped in the process of peaceful protest.

Call as crazy? It’s been going on for 10,000 years! White man,
white house, white curse—your time really has conre. and gone.

Important Notes

The buses for the trip to Washington will be leaving from the
Administration Circle at 9:30 pm. Friday. No one will be permitted
to board a bus without a waiver and some form of indentification.
Student Association has been forced to take these measures because
of the legal responsibility incurred by this march.

It is strongly recommended that all participants in the march wear
wamr clothes. It may be cold and dump in Washington. We also
recommend that you bring extra motley in case something should
come up.

All marchers are reminded that it is improbable that any food
stores will be open in Washington. Bring plenty of food and if
possible, beverage.

The proposed schedule of the march is as follows:

9:30—10 p.m.-buses leave Albany

7:00 a.m.—-arrive in Washington

9:00 a.m.—opening assembly—Mall west of the Capitol
10:00 a.m.—memorial service

11:00 a.m.—-march

2—5100 p.m.—-rally at Washington Monument

9: l4 p.m.—buses leave Washington

WASHINGTON WELCOME ?
COMMUNICATIONS

   

 

3‘ Mass 5o:

 

In Case Of Riot

To the Editor,

In any demonstration, there is always a
possibility of a police riot. Cops are scared of us in
groups, and often provoke violence while dressed as
demonstrators. Take these minimum precautions for
your own safety:

For Women: Wear pants. and don‘t wear
earrings.

For Everyone: Wear heavy shoes or boots, no
sandals, don't wear glasses if possible, bring plastic
goggles to protect from gas or mace. Wear a hat or
helmet, and a heavy sweater and coat. Bring a
handkerchief to cover your nose and mouth as
protection against tear gas. Put vaseline on your face
for protection against mace. removing it
immediately after you've been hit.

Write the number of a lawyer and medic on your
clothes or skin; because papers and wallets will be
conﬁscated in the event of arrest. The numbers will
be given to you on the bus.

Never Carry Drugs in a Demonstration.

In the bus. if drugs are found on the seat or floor,
everyone else gets busted with you. Never carry an
address book, pen-knife, or nail ﬁle. You can be
charged for possession of dangerous weapons for the
latter two.

Move in a group of 4-6 at all times.

Self-defense: The N.Y. Times, or any other thick,
liberal newspaper is good for protection against
beatings.

When the police throw tear gas canisters into the
crowd. throw it off “somewhere into the blue."

When you're demonstrating. never take stuff like
spray paint. joints, or paper bags from strangers.
Cops often mingle with and incite crowds. and cart
"plant" these aforementioned articles on you. and
then haul you off to jail.

Stay with the main crowd.

Senator J. Schwartz
Astounding Editorial
To the Editors:

l was "astounded by your editorial. “No
Neutrality, in the Albany Student Frau of Friday.

October 31.

It is not the obscure reasoning or the awkward
prose which I object to; l have come to expect this
in ASP editorials. But by this particular editorial
you Irave apparently abandoned all pretense to
objective, impartial reporting in your newspapemis
you say, “We cannot. as a result. reveal to you, our
readers, anything but our own personal views.
Virtually all news in this newspaper is as a result of
that philosophy... We warn all, irowcver. that such
objectification is impossible and, we feel.
meaningless."

There are, of course, philosophical arguments
supporting the impossibility of “objuctification” of
the recounting of any human experience. But it is
possible in practical terms to approach accuracy;
and an open-minded, corrrscientious reporter labors
to do just that. He knows that his primary
responsibility thus will try to describe fairly events
and persons and ideas ire may dislike and disapprove
of, leaving it to the reader to forrrr an opinion.
Opinion is proper and necessary in a newspaper --in
the columns and the editorials. But many of the
“news articles" in the ASP are already little more
than poorly- disguised polemics. especially when
they deal with “student power" or with the war in
South Vietnam. The editorial of October 31 in fact
seems to be rrrercly a belated statement of policy.

The editors of the ASP have thereby weakened
any position they may take in their editorial
columns. They say, by "impossible" reportage of a
conrplcx reality. 1 believe they insult the intelligence
rind good judgment of their readers. i believe that
people have at right to receive objectch presentation
of news rather than just prejudiced personal
opinion. There is great danger when a newspaper
says blatantly, "We have little interest in any ‘public
trust' bccarusc otir private ortc is our main concern."

I hope tluil thoughtful students and faculty
members are disturbed and arounsed by sud, a
statement. And i personally believe that the causes
which the editors profess to support deserve far
better than whtil the Albany Student Press is
coming to bc.

James I). Felts.
Class of 1969

Eson Comments
To the Editors,

Several letters to the Editor have referred to my

comments at the University Senate meeting of
October 27, 1969. Let the minutes of that meeting
set the record straight as to what was said and what
was not said.

“Professor Eson, arguing that the effects of
adopting the proposal would in fact prove
inconsequential and noting that the issue had
been long under study and debated at length in
the previous Senate nrecting, moved the
question.”

Until someone can provide empirical evidence, or
at least a plan for gathering such cvidence, we
should not give up the “null hypothesis." Hence the
effects of adopting the proposal must be considered
inconsequential. The issue was under consideration
for nearly eighteen months—not 35 minutes~as
sorrre people have alleged.

Morris E. Eson
Professor
Department of Psychology

N P srArrE

'The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 46721902194.

Editors-ln-Chie/
Jill Pazrir'k d'r Ira Wolfman

 

News Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . Kathy Huaeman
Anita 'l‘haycr
Assistant News Editors . . . . . . . .Narrcy Duriali
Carol Hughes
Arts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daue Fink

Assistant Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . Mark Grand

Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . Pat O'Hern

Assistant Technical Editors . . . . . .'i‘orir Clingan

Linda Staszuk
Photography Editor . . . . . . . . Andy llochbcry
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Ribak
Aduerllrilng Manager . . . . . . . . .Dariiel Foxinair
Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . Barry Kirschner

The Edltorlal Policy of the Albany Student Pro. II
determlnod by the Editon—lrr-Clrlof.

 

 

 

 

  

ASP

ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS

  

 

Whirl!»
mashed '

again

 

 

 

 

Vol. tVl r49. re

State from or Nu rm at AlhaL

 

A WALL T0 WALL CARPET 0F HUMANITY thronged Washington last weekend.

---Itaclrberg

Central Council discussion
centers on football team

the AA Board‘s $148,000: surplus
hasn‘t been used to start a
football team.

by Ken Stokem
A bill introduced at last night’s

Central Council meeting by Gary
Gold proposed that the Adriatic
portion of the Student Activity
Assessment for Spring 1970 be
reverted to Student Association.
This proposal lead to extensive

The intent of Gold’s bill was to
have AA Board use the surplus to
ﬁnance themselves for the coming
Spring semester, instead of them
being financed by the athletic
portion of Student Tax as they

 

 

discussion of the probabilty of
Albany State‘s finally getting a
football team. The main issue
centered on the question of wiry

nomiaily are. This is because the
surplus has not been used to start
a football team as it was supposed
to.‘

Washington buses
in quest of peace

by Anita Thayer

Friday evening. LC-7 the place selected for the official send-offof
the troops. No speaker. just some announcements. Low conversation.
“Where did you get your canteen?...lt’s snowing in Washington.... l
have ten peanut-butter sandwiches... My knapsack is too heavy...."

Finally the time for the buses to leave arrived. Yet this didn’t mean
that the buses were leaving. Time for the spotlight to shift to the
method-conscious bureaucrat.

Obviously, the buses had been told to line up in numerical order
around our great circle. This hassle took aboul an hour. liventirrilly
even the most fastidious btis driver was satisfied and the pcoplc
swarmed towards the buses.

Again,however the desires of the people were lhwrirtctl One was not
allowed to board the bus without showing an l.l)., ri l1uSllL‘kt‘l,tliltl;l
gcrruinc (or reasonable facsimile) waiver. it was necessary lo sign your
name. number, phone number, parcnls‘ nirrnc. ritrrnbcr. address. phone
number. The rain came down harder and hardcr. But still the
nltlrSllllllS carefully and conscientioust pcrforrrrcd their duly. The
people wre getting very wet,

At approximately 10:50, 525 soggy Albanians were on their way to
Washington.

“You can each have one ripple and one orange." Before the bus was
even on the Thruway the smell of oranges was cvcrywhcre and llre
eating orgy had begun.

The nrtrrslralls (about two per bus) gave us numbers. (‘rill this one
for first aid, this one for legal advice and this one if you are lost. A
smear of telephone numbers covcrcd cvcryonc's arms.

Finally. after lcrrglhy contests and the repetition of various
malevolent omcns. and little sleep. the people arrived in the cold and
windy City.

0:30. a strange city. hoards of people and freezing cold. The
contingent left their ci'riiripcd. ottrngc-pcr'ftrnrcd buses rind joined the
other button people.

The buses were supposed to rclurrr lo Forirlccrrlh and ‘l‘ Slr'ccls zit
0: 15. But who could tell at the groggy hour of (r130 what 0:15 would

mmgl Continued on page 2

THE NEXT ISSUE OF THE ASP WILL APPEAR ON DECEMBER 5.

The portion of the spring
Student Tax not used by the
Board would then be diverted into
the sagging SA budget. The effect
of the bill, if it had been passed,
would be to eliminate the funds
needed to create a football team
in the near future. However, the
bill was defeated in a 0-19-8 vote.

The argument over the manner
in which the surplus was presently
being used and irow it would be
used in the future included many
aspects. The possibility of phasing
out unpalronized sports, ‘beefrng
up’ the more popular sports and
installing those most desired by
students was even suggested.
Under this suggestion by Lennie
Kopp, priorities such as a football
team should be established. Ralph
Di Marino defended the AA
Board's actions, maintaining that
a group should not be punished
for going in the blitck.especially
when they amassed llrc surplus for
for a stated purpose. The reason is
to further intercollegiate sports at
this university.

The whole discussion finally
concluded with the fact that the
rcrison that llicre is no football
learn is that there is no one to
coach it. Uirdcr llrc practice that
is presently being followed the
coaches for intercollrigirnc sports
are usually physical education
instructors. Apparently llre
problem with football is due to
the fact that the birdch cuts have
not allowed for any new P.E.
instructors to he hired with
football coaching ribililv.

r. Werner. director of
athletics, suggested lhtit Student
Association hire this rrccdctl coach
for an interim period to get the
team started. Norrrr Rich obscivcd
lliat whenever lhc Student
Association has assumed a
ﬁnancial rcsponsihility the State
or University rtircly will assume
that responsibility. Therefore the
students would be permanently
burdened willr paying for the
coach and ollrcr facilities.

Towards the end of the
discussion Gold urged the defeat

Continued on page 1 I

FILM. November It. EST

Today is Saturday,
November 15

by Ira Wolfman

initially, the camera moves into the Executive Offices of the White
House, where President Richard M. Nixon is spending a ‘routine' day,
complete with conferences and a football game. We then see, as the
camera pans to a calendar, that today is Saturday, November 15,
1969. the date of the planned massive mobilization in Washington- a
protest ofNixon‘s policies in Vietnam.

Next, an aerial shot reveals over 50,000 people marching in orderly
rows of five, strolling down Pennsylvania Avenue, carrying signs and
chanting anti-war slogans. The cry is heard above the crowd, “What do
we want? Peace. When do we want it? NOW. "

Tire narrator opens: "November 15. The date had become
synonymous with the anti-war movement. Planned originally by the
New Mobilization committee, a conglomeration of radicals, pacifists,
and old and new leftists, the march also finally enjoyed the support of
the “moderate” Moratorium committee, led by Sam Brown, a former
McCarthy aide."

in the meantime, the camera iras panned over the crowd assembling
for the nrarclr. The distinct groups are easily discernible;most visible,
the Weatherman faction of SDS and other extreme radical groups are
waving NLF Flags rind chanting their Ho Chi Minlr cry. Active CPS
and active draft resistors are found at the very front of the march.
Campus groups and campus age people predominate, yet one notes a
sprinkling of older faces in the “(Mal-among them, war veterans frcm
previous conﬂicts.

The narrator again speaks: “The match did not begin the anti- war
activity in Washington that week. There had been a whirlwind of
activity going on since Thursday, much of it subdued, one incident
nrarred with violence and tear gas.

Tire camera again moves. This time. it is early morning, the sky is
clear and the weather crisp and cold... very cold. Huge crowds are
converging on the Washington Monument mall.

Narrator’s voice: “Saturday morning. the majority of the buses
rolled in. The students unloaded, and moved towards the mall.

Prior to the march, Senator Eugene McCarthy addressed the crowd.
He received a five minute ovation following his short speech.

The marchers, who represented only a small percentage of those
present, proceeded down Pennsylvania Avenue until 12:30, when the
march permit expired. At 1:00 pm. or so, the rally began at the
monument."

Camera shot from the speaker’s podium. The number of people is
staggering. One cannot judge if it is 50.000. 500,000 or 5,000,000 but
the crowd is undeniably huge.lt seems to keep coming-more and
more bodies-with nearly no end in sight. Impressive. Amazingly well
behaved and orderly. Little pushing, few seem to hurry.

Narrator: “Rev. William Sloan Coffin opened the rally with a short
prayer. Benjamin Spock welconrcd the throng; Ire called the thousands
‘all my children!"

Speakers ranged frorn moderate, Establishment men to radicals and
folk srngers with a ntore unconventional approach.

The crowd reacted to speakers in a predictable ,fashion. Those
speakers who were monotonous or who failed to feed the crowd the
rhetoric of ridicule and emotion they craved, were. for the most part,
ignored. Speakers such as George Wald and both Senators McGovern
and Goodcll were among those who failed to arouse the audience.

Howard Sarnucls not only failed to arouse the audience, but even
managed to create some hostility by proudly proclaiming hirnselfa
‘businessman’ and accenting the positive role Ire felt business-like

Continued on page it

    

FIRST SNOW...Reﬂections in the stone.

.---friedland

 

 

