. ,.. come/aw»; ... M‘ ”,. A,“ Aac—c 5...»- Fig“. - cg; a}. ~,~.p_a.~/~M—VW

 

Comment

Editorial

 

Candidates’ Forum

The coming elections for University Senate are by far the most
important elections ever held on this campus. The right, which we
have long contended the students descrve---that of having an active
part in the determination of University policy---is now ours for the
taking. It is our responsibility to elect mature. intelligent, and
innovative students to the Senate.

In order for there to be intelligent voting, we strongly believe that
students running for University Senate should make their views
known to their electorate—in this case. the entire undergraduate
community. For this reason, we are opening the pages of the ASP to
the candidates and allowing them to air their views on vital issues
facing the University in the coming years.

All candidates should submit an essay of no more than three
hundred words by 8 p.m.. October 8th, to the ASP ofﬁce. Room 334
of the Campus Center in order for their views to be published.

The questions we feel are of vital importance and would like to see
answered in these essays are the following:

I. What do you see as the goals of the University? What positive
action would you advocate toward achieving those goals?

2. What is your opinion of the necessity for required courses? What
is your opinion of a total Pass-Fail system?

3. What was your reaction to the Trustees‘ rules and regulations
concerning action to be taken with regard to campus disorders?

4. Should students have the right to participate in the election of
faculty members to University Senate?

No candidate is restricted to answering solely these questions.
However, no articles received late or above the word count will be
acceptable. and therefore will not be published.

We urge all candidates to participate in this vital educational
process: we urge all students to carefully scrutinize the replies
received.

Our America

This University has never had a sense ofsolidarity toward any single
national policy. Faculty. Students and particularly administrators have
remained peculiarly aloof from taking a stand on major issues of the
day.

During no part of our education do we ever have a chance to
discuss the major issues of today in such a way as to promote
concern for their solutions. The gross perversion of the term
‘education' has persisted long enough.

It is now time to ﬁrmly commit ourselves to discussion of the term
‘democracy' and how the meaning of the word has been perverted by
the bungling structure of the United States government.

One of the things that will be considered within the boundaries(?)
of the discussion must be the question. ‘how can the people of a
democracy. supposedly dedicated to freedom of speech and change
when public opinion changes, how can these ideals result in the
election of a president who refuses to be affected by changes in the
mood of segments of the population.

The answer may be that these ideals do not at all exist in the minds
of most Americans. The words. (freedom. change. public opinion) are
freely conjured up. however. to quell the rising tide ofdisscnt when it
threatens to become a tidal wave.

American masses. uneducatet'. uninformed (or misinformed) have
the normal natiomrlistic reaction to these terms. These rrrasscs are
being used as part of the pcrpctration of perversion on the part oftlrc
government. Why should the government educate these people to tire
extent where the people can threaten the powerful by exposing their
words as illusions.

But. in fact. the masses act as a buffer zone protecting the
government from the dissenters while the latter are being forced into
the government‘s army.

Democracy? (‘orruptionl Yes. students. faculty. administrators, We
urge you to consider IllL‘oL‘ things. tr decide whether llrcy are a large
part of the truth about our America. But. more than this. we ask you
to solidly commit yourselves to a discussion of such inrportarrt (life or
death) matters that do not seem to be relevant to today's university
experience.

On October l5 forch the ‘Iearrring process'--wc ask you to
to discuss with us the alternatives for the future.

  

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, I969

 

Communications

 

 

The deadline for handing in
applications to

FACULTY SENATE.

Alumni and [MC and Central Council

has been mood to WED.. OCTOBER 8

 

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications are

an bjecl to editing.

Grads Alive!

To the editors:

I wanted to drop you a note to let you know that
there is now on campus a Graduate Student’s
Association. I searched in vain through the last two
issues of the ASP for any recognition of this fact.
Though you did report the “highlights” of the
meeting of Central Council of September 25. I
notice that you neglected to mention that the
members appropriated $1,500 to the Graduate
Student's Asociation at that meeting.

I believe that this action by Central Council
underlines the importance of the formation of GSA.
The members committed themselves to an
investment in their own futures and in the future of
the entire university community as they made this
grant. as Student Association Vice President Victor
Looper said. to “allow your organization to help
fulfill the needs of the graduate students at
SUNYA."

Allow me to quote from pertinent portions of the
Articles of Organization of the Graduate Student’s
Association of the State University of New York at
Albany:

Our purpose is to create a participatory and
democratic organization among graduate students in
order that we. both individually and as a group. may
influence policies of this university which affect us;
and to provide activities social. intellectual, and
cultural. for graduate students.

Our commission shall be to concern ourselves
with all phases of university life and policy which
relate to us. including curriculum. academic
requirements. residences. participation in the
university community, graduate assistants, and such
other considerations.

The organization is permanent and continuing
and is designed to be the primary organ through
which graduate students at this university may
operate. and may bring reason and pressure to hear
in order to secure their plrrcc as members of the
university community.

As we stated in IT‘S ’l'lniEl. an r-arlrcr publication
of thr- tlSA. this university is designed to become
out- ol' the major centers of prrhlic graduate study in
the Northeast. According to planner’s protections.
.v\|l'.:rry will in the next six years enroll in excess of
20,000 'tudcnls; well over half of these will he
persons pursuing a graduate curriculum Wr- believe.
therefore. tlrnt it is crucial that graduate students at
SUNYA have rrt their command a concerned.
functioning. and influential organization committed
to their interests. This organization is the
GRADUATE S'I‘U DEN’I“S ASSOCIATION.

In order to be an Association within which all
graduate students can conneicnciously participate.
we must involve ourselves thoroughly in all areas
which touch upon the graduate strident at our
university: this we intend to do. Very shortly we
wdl ell-ct our officers and executive council; We will
form committees to deal with questions concerning
graduate students; and we will fill with members of
the graduate students a number of positions on
various university-wide councils. as well as on the
University Senate and on the Faculty Student

Association. We will build a strong organization. and
coordinate efforts with graduate councils of all
departments and schools.

Our efforts are already begun. On Thursday.
October 9. from 3:30 to 5:30 we will hold an
“event for the Graduate Student Community,“
featuring Nickle Beer, conversation, and planning
for GSA elections. A formal general session will be
held one week later. Thursday. October 16. from
3:30.

We have a great deal to do. and welcome
assistance and suggestions from all concerned
quarters. And if the ASP is a voice for all elements
of the university. rather than an organ devoted
strictly to the undergraduates at SUNYA. we
welcome your efforts as well.

Sincerely.

Charles Stephenson.

Executive Secretary

Graduate Student's Association

World Problems

To the editors:

It seems to me that a good share of the students
(or at least a good share of the activists) on campus
feel. as the Vietnam Moratorium Committee
recently stated. that ending the war in Vietnam is
"the most important task facing the American
nation.” 1 will admit that ending this war is a
necessary step toward achieving peace (and peace of
mind) in this country. However. these students are
neglecting a situation which is much more critical.
not only to the United States but to the entire
world, than the Vietnam war. This situation is the
possible extinction of the human race! This
extinction (or perhaps
“dehumanization"--metamorphosis into a
sub-human culture) or humanity could result from

Continued to page 7

_ P STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany.le ASP
editorial offICe is located in Room 33-1 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A,
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASI’ phones are 45721002191
Editors-In Clrrc/
Jill l’uznil.’ & Irrr Wot/man

 

Kathy Ilriscnrnn
. . .Alrilu 'I'lrayer
. Daryl Lynne Wager
Sports Editor . . Duue It'rnlr
Technical Editor. . . . . . . .I’rrl O‘llcrn
Photography Editor . . , , . . . .
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . Chuck ltibak
Advertising Manager . . . . . .Daniel Foxman
Features Editor . . . . . . . . , . . . . Harry Kirsch/tor

News Editor .
Associate News Editor
Arts Editor . . . .

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not. necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

 

.. “Vamp-saga. mmw‘zaatw’“

. ASP

 

Vol.l.Vl no. 4

 

State University of New York at Albany

Student Mobe moves
to initiate action

by Ben Johnson

Plans were discussed last night
for the upcoming actions and
events of the Stucent
Mobilization Committee to End
the War in Vietnam. Organized by
Bill O'Kain.

A boycott of classes is
scheduled October 15 as a protest
against the war. There will be a
teach-in from 1-5 pm. in LC 18.
At one minute after midnight. on
the morning of October 16. on
the academic podium. a reading of
the names of those killed in the
Viet Nam war will be read for
twonty-fnur hours. A candlelight
parade from Draper Hall and the
Capital Building will form at. 7
pm.

Dave Neufeld. a member of
Central Council announced the
$3000 subsidy is being provided
to aid in bus transportation to the
Washington demonstration on
November 15. Tickets are on sale

starting today in the Campus
Center for $7.75 with student tax
(12.75 without). The buses will
leave at 10 p.m. on Nov. 14. and
return late the next night.

The boycott on capital district
stores on Oct. 15 including the
campus business facilities was also
discussed. Volunteers will be
needed to distribute literature in
the community to encourage the
boycott. Facilities are being
planned to sell coffee and donuts
on Oct. 15 to benefit the
Washington bus trip and for the
convenience of those not wishing
to patronize Food Service.

Finally. last. night's meeting
stressed the need to arouse as
much campus support as possible
for these important actions to
take place. volunteers are much in
need to communicate to all
students what will take place, and
to aid in selling tickets for the bus
ride to Washington.

ALBANY STUDENT

 

everybody
should

' drop

PRESS

 

 

 

October 7. l9“

 

A BIG TURNOUT at Mobe organizational meetings for October IS moratorium and November’s march
on Washington indicates the concern over the war‘s end. Bus tickets to Washington on sale today!
...benjamin

Students to vote on proposed

 

 

Drop your coupon

for modified calendar

Please fill out the necessary data and deposit it in the designated
ballot box located at the Canpus Center Information Desk. The
deadline is Tuesday. October 14. 1969 at 5 pm. Student
Identification numbers are required for the sole purpose of avoiding
duplicate copies. Comments are welcome.

Student number: .............................. ..

........ .. I approve of the modified semester calendar

.....  l disapprove of the modified semester calendar

Attach additional comments. if you desire.
Please deposit at CC. Information Desk by Tuesday Oct. 14.

LN": Thundny nigh} Com-T3] Whenever possible, reading days
Comm” Pm“! “ 1"” Wh‘c'h and independent study periods
introduced the proposed academrc have been retained.

calendar beginning September The summer session for 1970
1970- 1‘, W“ “P90 “MP”? ,by will begin June 15 and end August
Academic Afflrs Commission 14 as in past yenrs‘ but the two

yesterday afternoon.

It was agreed by both groups
that since this calendar affects the
entire University Community, it is
necessary to inform the student
body of the numerous details
included in the proposed 1970
calendar.

week post-session will be dropped.

The new calendar is called the
modified semester which still
retains the current two semester
year. There will be exactly M
weeks of instruction in each
semester followed by 8 days of
final examinations. The fall
semester will start at the very
beginning of September rrnd end.
including final exams. before
Christmun Vacation.

There will be approxinurtcly 3
to 4 weeks for intercession. The
second semester will begin in the
middle of January and will
terminate around the second week
in Mrry. Graduation will be held
during the third weed of May.

The traditional religious and
legal holidays will still be observed
in the new calendar.

 

calendar changes for 70-71

by Ken Stokem

Students of the University will
have the opportunity to voice
their opinions on the Proposed
Academic Calendar for the years
1970-1971 and 1971-1972. In a
motion made by Norm Rich. and
seconded by Lennie Kopp at. last
Thursday's meeting of Central
Council, calling for an opinion
poll to be held on the Proposed
Calendar.

The most notable changes for
the year 1970-1971 are that fall.
semester will start about two
weeks earlier. September 2. and
spring semester will end May 15.
Christmas vacation and
intercession will be combined into
one vacation running from
December 23 to January 16. The
Fall semester will, therefore. end
before the vacation and Spring
semester will begin as soon as we
return.

Academic Affairs Commission
will conduct the poll.

Following the close of debate

the $3,000 appropriation
a b' izin buses for the

  

WARPED UNIVERSITY: IS THIS REALITY 0R ILLUSION?

...tae moon lee

November 15th Peace March to
Washington. Lennie Kopp called
for a roll call vote on the bill.

Voting "Yes" on the bill were
Steve Brown, Skip Counts. Bert
Eversley. Jeff Glassey. Gary Gold.
Joe Kaiser. Lennie Kopp, Tom
Libbos. Dr. Thomson Littlefield.
Larry Lubetsky Dave Neufeld.
Chuck Ribak, Norm Rich. Barry
Ross. Tobi Shostak. Walt Silver,
Larry Smith. and Dick Wesley.

Voting "No" were Ralph
DiMarino and Vic Looper. And
abstaining were Jeanette
Beckerman. Terry Mathias. and
Carol ’I‘ibbets.

According to Dave Neufeld.
chairman of Political and Social
Positions Committee, his
committee will take charge of the
buses. Neufeld promises that
tickets will go on sale as soon as
possible. The $3.000 subsidy will
8 used to lower the price of the
tickets sold to the ﬁrst 600
people, who sign up for the trip.

The price for those 600 will be
$7.00 and $12.00 for students
after the 600 spaces are taken.
Neufeld also made assurances that
he and his committee will look
into the legal aspects of the
appropriation that were
questioned and would determine
the liability of the Student
Association.

Another aspect of the
appropriation case is that it is not
yet definitely known if the case
will be brought before the
Student Supreme Court. It is held
by some that Central Council's
action in approving the
appropriation is in conflict with
its Bylaws. thereby making the
appropriation illegal.

Another contention that may
be brought before the Supreme
Court is that because Student
Association is now funded by rr
munditory student trrx. many
students are being forced to fund
other persons" morals. which may
be contradictory to their own.
This could possibly be a violation
of a student's rights.

Another item brought up at the
meeting was the possibility that
the beginning of the Elections of

Students to the Faculty Senate
may have to be moved up. The
change will be one week, from
October 21. 22. and 23 to
October 14. 15. and 16.

The move will be made only if
President Terry Mathias' appeal to
the Faculty Senate Executive
Committee. to change the date of
the Faculty Senate meeting on the
Pass-Fail System back from
October 20 to October 27. is
unsuccessful. The purpose of the
change would be to assure that
the newly elected students to
Faculty Senate would be able to
represent student views on the
issue.

Reports to Central Council
made available the following

information that may be of
interest to students.
Communications Commission

.announced the formation of a
committee to arbitrate the
rev .rted internal dispute that is
wracklng WSUA. Appointed to
the committee were Corky

Continued to page 3

Forum airs
city' polities

Tommorrow at 7:30 P.M. in
the Campus Center Ballroom.
Beta Phi Sigme will sponsor a
Meet the Candidates Night.

All of the Albrrny city wide
candidates of both parties i.c.
Mayor, Common Council
President. City Court Judge etc.
or their representatives will
appear. Erich minor candidate will
speak 5-10 minutes and the
mayoral candidates from 10-15
minutes. After the speeches are
finished, there will be a question

and answer session for about
30-45 minutes. The candidates
will be free to speak on topics of
their choice.

Beta Phi Sigma is sponsoring
this open forum as a service to the
University community. especially
off-campus students. Students
that havo lived in an apartment

Continued to page 3

 

 

 

 

