   
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
    
  
 

 
 
  
    
     
     
    
  
   
 
     
   

anew-t). 4. “LAD-Jews? ’

,WHA}. wWM,R-u-H«U

.~. ‘. A a. n “moan-xx», A -y

con---

 

-*«.~WA..W. -

 

 

car-Te

 

. .1 we...» «ﬁght...

g... ,-»..~.

.mfa-wn.,,.e

.rﬁrpzvmmmzrw

    

. :2. .\ 3a.;

». .\ ~--~«-ev~u~\.v e anuumsvkﬂ. .a,

 

 

?

. \A.W~.mm.ﬂywa._wa. p...

-mm.—c,-WVQ. A .

 

r
it
P

v

‘IIOW  IT RELATED TO FOOD
vrcstrsv' : '  l r ‘ ‘
actdty-S'i‘udent Aasociestion is a non-profit
lp corporation. The membership of the

I . corporationlis the controlling body of FSA. At the

an membership meeting hgld in ’Oeotber, the
' "elect the 10 directors of the Corporation. .'
directors ar‘ve ' 4
, )Presideutoftlie University ' 2 7’ _

2).Viee-Pres.gfor Management and Planning
,  for student Affairs

)er Pres. for Academic Affairs

w enrlc Dean -
0)'Chslrrnan of Personnel Policies Council
7) Ass't. Vice-Pres. for Management end Planning
8) Associate Dean of Students for Women

9) Pres. ‘of the Graduate STudent Governing
Body 10) Pres. of Central Council

The membership of the Corporation, in addition
to the elected Board of Directors. includes :‘

6 faculty members appointed by the executive
committee of the Faculty-Senate

0 undergrad. students appointed by Central
Couacl ,

4 grad. students, one of which must be the Pres.
of the Grad. Student gov’t.

(As there is no recognized Grad. Student Gov't at
present, these members are appointed by Central
council). . '
President Collins, Pres. of the University, is also the
Pres. of the Corporation and presides at meetings of
the membership and the Board of Directors.

The Executive Director of FSA is Robert Cooley.
He acts as the chief management executive in charge
of day to day operations. Beneath him ary the
directors of the various departments of FSA. The
largest of * these departments is Food SErvice.
Malcom Corbiey is the director of Food Service.
Among the other departments ofFSA are:
Bookstore, Barber Shop, Billiards, Bowling,
Check-Cashing, Film-Service, Legal Counsel,
Vending, STudent Association Accounts, AGency
Funds'and STudent Loans
WHAT EXACTLY IS THE MISSED-MEAL
FACTOR? HOW DOES IT AFFECT PRICES?

 

  
 
 
 
 

The missed-meal factor is an approximate
percentage of the number of meals which will not '
be eaten by students on meal contracts and it is
carculated per type of meal, i.e. Breakfast, Lunch,
and Dinner. The missed-meal factor is indefinite and
fluctuates due to several variables, which include:
the time of year, final exam period, weekends, the
menu, class schedules, etc. Due to these variables,

    

location: 5 minutes
Cost: 32 annual

  

 

rs 'rsc‘umvsr‘um’m’ munch “

THE BARN

   
 

big. plus 8

We provide entertainment(rocb in the upper level. banjo and folk in the lower)

The club makes available ice. food. mixers and glassware.
You bring your own beverage. liquor or beer.

    

mere people will est certain meals, thereby
decreasing the missed-meal factor while less people
will eat other meals, thereby increasing the
mined-meal factor. An approximate estimate of the
missed-meal factor this year (calculated on a basis of
10. 5 weeks-418 days) is as follows:
. Breakfasts--33-1/3% ' ‘
V Dinner-varies between 6-1 0%
Lunch—about the same as dinner.

'It is partly because of the missed-meal factor that
.seconds can be offered.

~ Because of the knowledge that, for example,
about 7% of the people whoare on a meal plan will
not eat dinner each night, the money saved by not
preparing for this percentage permits upgrading the
menu and a price decrease on the students’ contract.
This means that a student is not really paying for a
full 20 meals (or 14) per week; he is paying for a
certain percentage less than that. Thus a student is
violating his meal contract by giving away a meal he
ordinarily would not have eaten, or by giving away
the second he would ordinarily not have
taken-because he is causing the missed-meal factor
to decrease for that particular meal. ’

Thus the reason Food SErvice can offer 20 meals
per week at the price it does, is because for each
student who eats every one of those 20 meals, there
is another student who is not eating, perhaps 20% of
his meals.

DOES FSA “MAKE A PROFIT"? WASN‘T A
“PROFIT:’ REPORTED LAST YEAR? WHAT
HAPPENED TO THAT "PROFIT"?

As of 2 years ago, all State University FSA’s were
required to enter into an annual contract with the
State of New York. One clause of the contract
restricts the amount of surplus (income) which may
accrue If the surplus exceeds this amount, it

'must be turned back into operations. it cannot be

spent in any way other than to the benefit of the
students and faculty comprising the local university
community. Thus, by law, FSA cannot “make a
profit." What was termed Food Service proﬁt last
year amounted to less than 1/3 of one percent of
the total income earned by Food Service and was
not considered profit according to state regulations.
That money is not, however, unaccounted for. It
comprises the reserve fund by which Food Service
can begin buying in the fall. This reserve is necessary
because Food Service does not receive any money
collected from student payments until it has A
completely collected and passed through other
administrative bureaus. This can and usually does
take several months. Until that time Food Service
must rely on credit and their reserve fund to begin

    

Latham Circle on Rt. 9
per admission.

 

 

” 7 You must beat least is years old.

 

been highly

The Barn is . +— ' ‘
a private club Opening "lam Man” 28 I!“ rubiewliligladd
aimed at “O is West coast
“this/:03 "I: rldag and Saturda 9.30-3.00 mus-The club
II c e I 0
college stu- sum“ 7330480 Xblhrbaecrghl’;
dents in this Charter rncnrhs sh lp now available. fro m all
area. Private college slu-
Clubs have dents and their

Fill out the application below and you evil receive a free mnrbsrshloeard.
Afterﬁsqenlngdets, WlprlllI-twedollaramally.

contempories.

 

COLLEGE:

 

 

 

glad you would like to have screw-»— ——————————————— ——
I .
REPLY 'l' : The/Barn
so. Box 95.!Lalham, N!Y.g

/

 

 

 

 

nothing to” dinner? »

buying. If Food Service can pay for produce with
cash within a certain amount of days, most dealers
will glvs a substantial discount off the purchase
price. When calculated on bulk purchases, this
discount can amount to thousands of dollars, which
are thus lost, if‘there is no cash reserve. Other uses
for this reserve” include replacgrnent of misplaced
dishes and utensils. It is estimated thitat least three
entire place settings per student must be purchased
each year. Finally, the reserve is used to replace
equipment; for example, a new dishwasher was
necessary on Dutch Quad this year.

WHAT ABOUT THE NEW MEAL PLANS FOR
NEXT ‘YEAR? WHY DID PRICES RISE? WHY
CAN'T ANY i4 MEALS BE OFFERED? WHAT
ABOUT A CASH SYSTEM?

At the beginning of the year, LAAC began to deal
with the question of meal plans. A Room and Board
Study Committee was appointed and this
committee began to work on the possibilities of
altering the present meal plans. Results of a poll
taken on each quad, showing overwhelming
dissatisfaction with the present policy served as the
strong basis by which the Committee approached
Food Service and FSA with its suggestions for an
altered meal plan system

The two present plans have been maintained for
those whose needs they suit. Students who do not
eat breakfast, and have complained about having to
pay for this meal, have the choico of a lunch and
dinner or only a dinner plan. Commuters may have
the convenience of eating a contract lunch in one of
the dining halls rather than battling the crowds in
the Campus Center.

The purpose of the new plans is to attempt to
meet the needs and desires of the student body as
expressed in the recent polls. Were it to consider
only its own interests, it is probably that Food
Service—FSA would have gone immediately to a
cash system, resulting in decreased student benefits
and substantially higher costs.

Prices have gone up for several reasons. Here, it
should be noted that even if the new meal plans had
not been instituted, a price increase would have

occurred underlying reasons are the 4% (possibly
6%) cost of living increase announced by Govornor
Rockefeller, because of which an increase in the
price of food is indicated, and secondly, a resultant
cost of labor increase which is being demanded.

The most important reason for the increase in
price of the new plans offered is the diminished
missed meal factor. It is assumed that a person who
chooses, for example, all lunch‘,and,.dinner plan
having previously complained ,becaupe he did not eat
breakfast and had to pay for it, will now eat more.
if not almost all of the meals he has contracted for.
This results in a decrease in the missed-meal factor
on the lunch and dinner plan, with a resultant
increase in price.

Furthermore, the cost of purchasing and
preparing a breakfast, or lunch, or dinner varies.
Dinner is the most expensive meal, followed next by
lunch. Breakfast is the least expensive meal,; seven
breakfasts are still less expensive than six lunchesm
thus a breakfast and dinner plan is less cxpensiVe
than a lunch and dinner plan, etc.

A choice of any fourteen meals as suggested by
many students could not be offered because of
these differences in the prices of the different meals.
and because it would be almost impossbilc to
calculate a missed meal factor by which prices could
be adjusted.

If we went to a cash system, students chould use
the campus center prices as guidelines, Furthermore.
there would be no unpaid for seconds on any food
item, and no unlimited food items; salads, butter,
bread. ice-cream, milk, etc, would all have to be
paid for, resulting in increased expense for the
student. Moreover, the added expcncc 01'
money-controls, cashiers, bank-messenger service,
etc. would also be built into the prices.

WHAT ABOUT SECONDS?

, The question of seconds is now under intense
review by the Room and Board Study Committee in
conjunction with FHA-F8. The procedure at
present, in regard to the new meal plans, is lhﬂ. 8“ in
PM“ Wars, an informal seconds policy will be in
effect. Whenever possible, seconds may be obtained
on all food items, except ex enslve meats. There
will be no restrictions on vegé ables, desserts. milk.
bresatd ,d butter, icevcream, and salads.

u ants. however, are being asked to coo eratc
with Food Ssrvle in an attempt to cut down spasms,
whlctr will be to the students' own benefit in
insuring that food will be available to those person“
who find that their original serving is insufficient.

QUESTIONS

Questions concerning the meal plans for "1'
coming academic year may be directed to: Room
and Board Study Committee cmjnmn, Steve Label

 

- . ’5 men 2|. 1969

 

 

it affects the Black community.

A ‘Blaclt Militant' grabs the mike to inform the crowd at the Ca

 

‘Save CUNY and SUNY’

Was anything accomplished?

By Gary Celt

Student supporters of
Tuesday's CUNY-SUNY solidarity
march stretched more than a
block long as they slowly made
their way from Draper Hall to the
Capitol wielding “Save CUNY and
SUNY" placards.

As the students, a vast majority
of whom were taking advantage of
the exceptionally mild weather,
assembled in front of Draper Hall,
waste paper basket drums beat
out a steady cadence. However,
despite the drumming, the
students were as mild as the
weather as they carefully selected
placards?

While waiting for the march to
begin, students milled around,
commenting that they have never
seen so man" State students in
one place at' one "time. Others,
laying down“ their placards,
casually sat on the steps of Draper
so that a photographer remarked
that “It looks like they just took
over the building."

The march began, after the
marchers got into an orderly line;
three abreat and arms linked.
“Paying More Enjoying It Less,"
“Tax The Rich," “A Cut Budget
Is A Cut Education,” and other
placards were hoisted in the air, as
the march got under way.

The busses carrying CUNY

students lined the streets to the
Capitol, and SUNY marchers
began to wonder where all these
people actually were. They soon
found out.

The front lawn of the Capitol
was covered with bcll bottomed,
placard wielding, mud—spotted
students either listening to the
speeches, walking aimlessly
around, or selling buttons and
distributing leaflets.

After awhile it became obvious
that a great deal of students were
contributing to the rally only in
that they represented a physical
presence.

A senior from Lehman High
School in the Bronx expressed her
dissatisfaction. “This is
accomplishing nothing. The whole
program is unorganized with
politicians who don’t really give a
damn just talking to make the
news."

SUNY students, who hadn't
just completed a four hour trip on
a packed bus, seemed similarly
disappointed. Many students
expressed their doubts that the

CUNY students will support the
SUNY march.
Another Lehman student

announced that 400 from her
school attended the rally, “but so
far not one word has been said
about sending busses back up here
again on Monday.”

 

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv

Sweat Shirts

>
.
r
l
l
r
r
p
r
l
l
p
y
r
r
l
>
r
>
r
l
l
l Jackets
y
y
b
b
l
l
r
l
r
t
l
b
b
r
>
D
h
r

 

Sou. ©©KST©RE

10% OFF
LIST PRICE

Childrens Sweat Shirts

Childrens Tee Shirts
Glassware
Stuffed Animals

March 24 thru March 28 1

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

VVVVVVVVVVVVVYVV

Tee Shirts

llite Shirts
Mugs

AAAAAAAA a
A AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

 

a

pitol of the meaning of the budget cuts as

Photo by killer

The SUNY students seemed the
most disappointed. One expressed
his feelings. “I shouldn't
complain, I didn’t know what to
expect when we got down here,
but it certainly wasn't a series of
unintelligible, four-letter word
speeches.”

Students were not the only
ones who had something to say.
Albany residents hung out of
windows, doors, and cars as State
students marched downtown. A
cigar pufﬁng, Fleetwood driving
executive, stopped at an
intersection as the marchers
croosed, mumbled audibly to a
companion, “I'd like to take a
shot at them."

Downtown entreprenurers
placed “Welcome, students" signs
in their shop windows while
others placed “Good Luck” signs
in their apartment windows.

The march was peaceful,
enjoyable, and relaxing but the
rally, well, in the words of a
Queens college student “was so
disappointing and seemingly
ineffective, that I don’t think even
m y p h y s i c a
presenceaccompiished anything."

Prim-emery Herbert 1

I From the State Capitol steps, Assemblyman Robert Abrams looked
out over an estimated 13,000 to 16,000 students who came to protest
budget cuts effecting the CUNY system. .

In his words, "I think this outpouring is both beautiful and sad to
see,” beautiful in that so many students cared enough to protest the,
injustices of the education cuts, sad because an effluent, progreuive
state such as ours created the necessity for the demonstrationﬁ’

Assemblyman Abrams was only one of many state Legislators who
appeared to make comment and congratulate the crowd made up of-
about 250 bus loads of City University students and a large number of

students from Albany State.

Students from Albany State assembled at Draper Hall at 11:30 and
marched peacefully to the Capitol in columns of threes and twos, in a
body estimated at 3,000, according to one parade marshall. State
students were joined by a number of professors, high school students,
and members of the Albany community.

When the marchers arrived at the Capitol, they found speakers
making such statements as "The Legislators are, committing .
educational suicide on the entire state" and “you should use your
numbers and power to convince the government that education needs

expansion, not cutbacks."

At the capitol park, the marchers’ ﬁles broke as students crowded
to hear those who spoke from the steps. Black students monopolized
student voice at the microphone calling the political comments “a lot
of rhetoric" feeling that the speakers were not addressing themselves

directly enough to their community.

One Black spokesman demanded a "‘specific and emphatic"
statement of committment on the SEEK program.

Paul Boutell called for not only totally free education, but total
quality of education, with “no racism and no nonsense."

Councilman Lowe of Manhattan particularly stood up for SEEK
and other programs, stating, “I pledge to fight toward expansion of
funds within these programs and I will visit and convince those
Legislators who are still unconvinced.”

Another Legislator commented that "the government better watch
what's gonna happen if they don‘t listen to you today."

The microphone changed hands often and speakers were not always
introduced but the speaker who commented “The war in Vietnam is
taking billions of dollars which should be used to educate America"

drew much applause.

After the speeches, a picket line was formed around the Capitol
building. Students chanted “Don’t cut CUNY" and marched with
signs and buttons. Groups gathered around Legislators who spoke

informally.

Black Power advocates formed a line across the Capitol steps and
sent apparently unsuccessful representatives inside to bring out
Legislators for further comment directed toward the “Third World

Community.”

Various speakers stood up for community organization and spoke
at the futility of the march. One speaker stated “The pigs have
laughed in your face today. The democratic process does not work, as

you see."

The sentiment was that the Legislators will say “yes, brothers, we'll
work on it" but do nothing. A Third World spokesman said, “Next
time we ’re gonna tear down the building or not come at all."

Meanwhile, delegations from each CUNY bus met with Legislators
inside the Capitol building and four student representatives met for
over an hour with Governor Rockefeller. The New York Times quotes
an open letter to City University students from the Governor as
stating “I fully understand and sympathize with your concern."

New SECT available soon

By Steve Rubenstein
Editor. Sccond Ed.. SECT

The second edition of the
Student Evaluation of Courses
and Teachers will be on sale in the
Campus Center during the week
of April 8-11.

This booklet, like the first one,
will be surveying introductory
courses and courses that need no
prerequisite. The two editions,
when used together, give the
interested student a guide to
choosing courses and teachers.
The two editions cover 158
professors and many different
types of courses.

There are sevcrul items that
should be taken into
consideration by the student
when he is using the booklet to
decide which courses and teachers
to take:

1) This booklet is arranged with

the idea that a person who wants
to find out certain information
about a future course or teacher
can look for specific items that
pertain to the aspects of teacnrng
that are important to him as an
individual. What SECT has done is
to arrange the data in an objective
manner with the idea that the
student will draw his own
conclusions.

2) The information on the
arrangement of classes, the type
of homework and tests given, and
the basis of the course grade,
should be of much interest to the
student.

Whether a professor gives tests
or papers, textbooks or
paperbacks, lectures or
discussions, should be important
criteria for determining whether a
course will be enjoyable for is
student.

 

 

on Monday, Mar. 17

REWARD: No Questions Asked

For the return at, or information leading to
the return of. GUITAR and or CAMERAS
"Carried Off" from SllllYA Parking lot

[student lot nearest Security Office]

PLEASE CALL: 85l-83l2

 

 

«A...

 

 

 

Different students like different
types of courses and by showing

this information in their booklet,
SECT is hoping that students will
be able to choose a course that is
designed in a manner that is

favorable to them.

3) The question on whether a
course increases a student ’s ability
to think, criticize or create can be
an important one in determining
whether a course' will be an
interesting one. This question,
along with the recommendation
questions give the student an
overall view of the course and
teacher.

The SECT committee hopes
that this booklet will be a help to
students. SECT also hopes that
this booklet will aid in the
improvement of Instruction and
will help to foster interaction
between students and faculty.

There can be no genuine
improvement in the educational
environment unless students and
faculty members have a constant
dialogue on the issues, problems,
and ideals of education.

If anyone has any comments on
SECT or wishes to join the SECT
stuff, please send a note to SECT
c/o Campus Center. They would
appreciate comments, criticisms
or suggestions on the book once it
is published in three weeks.

,.:.' #- ..~_1...,vn...59.

    
 
 
 

   
  
  
   
   
 

   
 
 

 
 

    
    
  
  
  
 

 

  
  
 
 
   
   
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

