\

mun, reliability 14, I969

‘

, Communications;

  

Sent ” r

 

 

     

 

‘ . .4 t tit" lamb... ,  , t

i  -.    along thejwatyy :Emhavggnrhtz / All communicatttons must if addrefseitii to the t
’ - ' ‘ i  would ml Jute; ' - I editor a must 2 signe . ommumca one are

E ' ' dlszrder'lf"ﬂnmcw ‘id 1.10.!" cones. mam, conﬁned 0‘ subject to editing.

  

establishment of a department of Semetic studies.
However, I would rather see a department of Midsue

 

, .. . anyhow: a 3 disgusting display of vindicuveness'on the Gla ring Errors
' 3:33;: (a; .stm:“M'aj:r't't"°'L lz‘mcm'dl’ ﬁmim 5"] W~ moths Editors: Eastern studeis established on this campus that would
I  , h  , y 3 ‘1') an Olin 3- Flynn, Iwas going to writealetter of ‘ ' " on k the‘ L’ -ofsuch' _, _ ,cultures,und
k  .  Wvom the former and present sponsors of the bill. your first ASP of the new semester. However, duties histories as Persian, Turkish, and Arabic as we” as
,, n cgence, it meam that the state, with the appmva] of the kept me from writing as promptly as I wished. And Hebrew. .
Commoner of Emma". m with,“ money from a student it- h e now I'm glad [didn't write so quickly. I Would like to draw the attention of the members
utmuthh haters—out otthc bounds “the t'wt The front page of the February 11 edition has two of this Alliance to the fact that a department or
Thevptohlem t, that it ts against these W t ' th ﬂlflnl 9'70“ Which must be cortectecl. First. In the Semetic studies including solely Hebrew language,
, h _ I ry am at students article about Central Council, there was a culture, and history would be academically lacking
 - misrepresentation of the nature of the bill passed and intellectually dishonest. The reason is, and it h
In other words, you may enjoy the Constitutional rights of freedom “mum”! security Policy iiskim! for 1D cards. The common knowledge, there are otehr Semites besidns
of speech and assembly as long as you agree with all the ramiﬁcations article implied that the content of the bill is now the Hebrew people--that is, if one believes in ll...
g of the laws governing thetle rightst ptplittiy. Thisdis golttZUGI Hatd the ASP :tepoffie; tatltreun theory of race. Hence, a department ofSemotit-
, , , e me an e or oscru inizet a ti e o t e i . studies would have to include such lan uaius as
dogtzzti:g;:§ $2013: gay :tltlfnp are EOlﬂg you arensafe. If you he would hnve teen that this was a policy statement, Hebrew, Arabic, Amharic and some other Ehislatorii'“
t . me mg, you are unlawful. "01 ‘1 leEmlathe blll- Secondly. in the article languages such as Assyrian and Sumerian.
l

   
   

Tryindg t0_80ppreti18 dissent by threatening to take away money given concerning the Campus Center Governing Board used 1 really feel that a department of Middle Eilslurn
on atria emic merit (supposedly) IS obviously not an applicable b°°k “le’ it w“ “my smed “Shut” G°Veming Studiesi WhiCh m my “demanding has 1””
punis merit (assunung some form of rightist repression is necessary). FEES, grave: 2;;de .8p9i0priausons from the pmpose'j and reject“ several “mes in the pm‘ WW“
Many of the Democrats in the Senate (a quarter of their minority As chhsmihle bothelgibzliint ’11:: 1C:mgr:i?tstsee"0ld be more co'mpiem'mive and valuable for the swam”
membffship voted in favor of it) also seemed to miss the point in their Budget Committee. I demand a retraction of2 thin bady or an Immune“ Of the cam“; or mlrs‘
opposmon to the hm, statement. Campus Center Governing Board‘s book .4333: M Metwulli
Howey“, one used the acceptable opposition argument that its sale was one more of the many services provided by (Teachin till 
. , the STUDENT ASSOCIATION It' 't ll ' ° ' g U“,
Passage would penalize only those students who need and receive the ‘ '5 ‘" a y 'mpmam Ants-S ' 99
state’s ﬁnancial aid. What about‘those “lawbreaking college students" that the bwdem body know Where its smdem m emu"). .
t V money is ein used. L t th '
who do not receive Regents Scholarships or Incentive Awards? note this usage? e e “Udem bady therefore To the Edna”: -
(“The rich kooks and the Psychopaths would stay”--Albert E 'In refinance to'the “m inmmem or Rosenbpmih
“WED-Broouyn) . pntr-semetic allegations in Off Center, I feel that in.
t t . t t t t ' ong as he is making comparisons of the nobility or
In. addition, there tare csvrl laws .which indicate the exact same gue'm“ m°vemenls and wnlcuding “m the WW“
restrictions for all citizens. Why Single out college students and is outside of this category while the Israeli Irgun ..-.
campuses. ~

. included that perhaps his memory should in
“thy stipulate that even those New York students who contribute RathChlld Defense refreShed' Apparently he has forgone“ “but” W
to cm] rights efforts in the South may have their awards revoked? It

To the Editor: activities of the Irgun and the Stern gangs dll’L‘L‘lI‘il
t t t I with to mite {out major arguments against Ten against the indigent population and those who
shoultrlint borther serene New York if they make their ‘trouble’ D. Cole’s letter in February 11’s ASP, in which h: bmugm them ‘0 Palesunei the B'ms'" To m9"”””
escw ere. called me a “fool” for writing a column against only Brew sunhinddencea:
_ We cannot see the Point of Pure punishment without consideration Hulda“ Nimn's p'evemive “tenth” P'm 1' The King Dav“ How in Jerusalem was blown
, ofthe factom prompting lilawb'eaking‘” ' First, what yardstick wouldjudges ask for deciding up on the 22nd Of July’ 1946’ and 100 Brim“
The bill is obviously purely punitive and must be rejected by the
State Assembly.

1 which aspects present a danger to the community? residents or the Hem were killed‘

1  t second. smce the big city courts are so clogged. it 2. The entire population of the village of Deir Yllhlll
I: > i . would take a year or more before detained suspects “'38 brutally murder“ on the 9th 0‘ Aprils 19”»

t t t would come to trial. 3 Januar 4 19 ' ‘

I. t     - y , 40, dynamite was exploded in 1hr
j The relationship between student desires and the practical realities

of the Faculty Student Association, has, in the past, been a somewhat

rocky one.

Thirdly, preventive detention would only punish a Public scluﬂre of the city of Jaffa and 30 people Wow
It was, therefore, with great happiness that we received the news of

man who ma be innocent ‘ '
from workingy to pay for ’hIJsutdgizgsgellfggotler: killed and 98 wounded.
the cooperation between Mr. Robert A. Cooley, director ofthe FSA
and the student members of the Study Committee on Room [and
Board. This has led to more varied and equitable meal plans for
students next year, contingent on studcril acceptance of the proposed
V I “' FSA prices.
. , This new development with reference to meal plans is ii prime
; 4 example of how student-administration cooperation can lead to a
 happier solution for all concerned.
I I Much of the credit must go to Mr. Cooley, and to the members of
t -: the committee, who together worked out the details of the plan. The
 willingness of FSA to respect and act upon the wishes of students is

.«mrvﬂwV \_ ., _

Terry D. Mathias
Vice-President
Student Association

 

whitewash,“,..n..,.».w\. . v

  

-.«MW—mAmﬁ-MWW_KVsA.~..}—.Sx.hm~hwu ‘ "

 

.. ,N ..,..~»

and geta higher sentence.  And, a quote from the British Command I’ilpi'n
Finatty, preventive detention accordtn t J, "The fact is that in the ﬁrst six months of 1946 tin-r.-

Mottont president at. the Dams éounty CHEM"; HT: were nearly fifty separate incidences lllVUlVl’lt‘,

Association, is, “the first step toward a police state." shoringe'tjn: :rymzltgatcffsexsimgfbit:: (linillvritul

n (“10 H

railway installations, police and R.A.F. stations haw

been blown up."

This is just to point out that if comparisons are in in‘

mode, full parallels should be developed.

Sincerely,

Mary Ellen Brown

Sincerely yours,
Stu Rothchild

, e
Logo 3 View
To the Editor:
Regarding the comment of Renee F Mattea ‘
. u in .
the February 11 issue of the ASP concerning the Lago Again
atrocious” cartoon “Contemporary View": You To the Editor' '

have missed the oi t t
_ P n of he cartoon. I thought Mr. Lago’s cartoon in the Fab. 7 Cdiliii“

Indeed a “flailing development. It points toa fuller understanding of Instead of focusing your attentimi on “bad of the Asp - ~
“acme” ' Why didn't you notice the ass-hole min of statement on “(ZZZI‘IIIbB most succmt and “Hum”

the needs of residents here by the members of FSA.
hthile lauding the FSA for its willingness to act, we must appreciate 22;: Who so readily “cer What the Lenaher As far "5 Rene" F Matte“ “5 concerned W”
t .ghac;tllgti3115n also a prime example ofhow students can get their In the same issue (Feb. 11) there is 'compiained about the “me involve“ in the carillon. H
WI cs u i e t . httictentMﬂinnne” which denounces “2:: is obvious thatshe enjoysthe taste.
By cooperating With LAAC on the poll, we have aided our own “"0n'imeuecmm “0'9"” “kerb” Miss" Muileﬂu
cause. The importance of this fact must be realized, and hopefully, Should “pplﬂu'j the 0mm" "s an intellectual fo'm 0f
. greater student cooperation in the future will be forthcoming, since pmtw'

n. mam. Way—Ma .-

Carl Shapiro

ASP staff

.The Albany Student Press is published lwn
times a week by the Student Associution of Mir
Stute University of New York ut Albany. The Ab'l’
office is located in Room 382 of the Campus
Gem“ This newspaper Ill funded by SA. 'l‘iIX-

Editors-in Chief

I The trouble is most I ' '
we can now see the results of such coo r ’ ' peop 9 loge mm “Show ms
The "mm". r h pc ation. faster by huvmg them slapped off ruther In
I ton o t 0 new meal plans for the 1959.70 year is a recognizing the truth in an intellectual wu Ma?
“mow for a“ concerned, Matteau states: "Sure, there are bad teachers  evlbh
Tam bourines t H    an
‘ That is your biggest mistake The
t . y deserve
 0  cartoon that depicts them truthfully—and the timid
I, The prospect of. true understanding, the feeling of oneness, the m the cartoon deserve'sjlm what he gets'
Vt; realization of identity--thcse are intangibles, hard to come by in any If more Students refused to ‘Open their mouths,
t; manner. Yet the production of “Tambourinea to Glory" by the Black ﬁhey would “0" be (in deference to sensitive people)
[1/ Theater Wednesday night did achieve those intangibles however excremdnupon'
 ﬂf:ttir;gtly.b'tl‘h; feeling of, for once, understanding and identifying St I
w is no man, not as a black man but simply as a human nee” y' JR Pam”
reacting to situations around him, was achieved in a poignant, warm Joann Grumﬂgun ' g and Ira WOI/ma"

 

.,.~»\,. .-,,. .. “(~44 , . .

 

 

Philip Fruiiclilni
Daniel Foxniun

 human experience. . t . News Editor ’l‘im Keulvy

2 The white spectator identified with the black men and women. He Semltlc Studies Angela” News Editor Kathy I'Iuaumu”
, ,' became involved with a story of people, forgetting that his original Am Editor cam! SCIWW
i. l Interest might have stemmed from more curiosity. He caught a glimpse Eduar’ Spam Editor ‘nm Window
_. of a culture different than his own. He tried to comprehend. Though I do "0" “are” With a“ For the “MOM for 1F “mm Editor ‘ 0”” 0"“
l “WHY. we on this campus should now be able to mova upwards. A the wabmhmem or tho Hebrew Student Alliance, ’Te‘hmm Editor?! Pat O‘Hern, Bill S/laPMi
t. foundation has been laid for movement. But. like all foundations, it is especially "‘9 0‘19 that accuses the faculty of being Phl’folraphy Editors Ed Polskowiiki, 'I‘om Paterson
l

   
      
      
  
 

 

"top~heavy with nntisemites," and thought i do not Emmi-"5 Mamie"

support what they stand for (and they stand for one Adw’ml’lg MIMI"
thing and that is a strong Israel which in my opinion The Albany Student Press assumes no
requn'lblllly for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reflect Its views.

only a start, it can so easily be lost. Wednesda ni lit, sincere ‘
existed; a unity not of any shade or color, but rallher‘a unity of aux:
trying to understand and appreciate his Brother. I

It was a clear and unexpected moment, one to be cherished in
memory. But memory alone will get us nowhere. We must now go on
build on a foundation which is based upon understanding to attainii
true sense of brotherhopd.

  
   

.»

         
 

 

. mam...“ .. «saw

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, I969

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

BI-OCCIDENT—

by ED SILVER

 

    

 

   

Q Off "*Center’if 

  

l 14
«17’.

ﬁrm. as...“  

 

 

 

Kangaroo Court: (colloq.) an
unauthorized or Irregular court
conducted with dlaregard for or in
perversion of legal procedure, as
an irregularly conducted court
in a frontier district-American
College Dictionary

Kangaroos: n 1. Albany Police
Court Justice M. 'I‘repedino, 2.
Albany County District Attorney
A. Proskin.

I also wanted to include an
American dictionary entry for

‘frontier' above. On looking
through dictionaries I f o u nd
definitions highly colored by

manifest destiny crap. Since that
is not the color of my soul, I must
provide my own: A frontier-in
American history- is a geographic
location where the predominant
elements of white Money Power
culture have not completely
subjugated or annihilated the
duskIer local civilizations.

Albany, N.Y. is a frontier region
of sorts. Here there are quite a
number of conflicting cultures of
various physical and psychic hues.
There is a subtler, indirect
annihilation process at work to
determine the whitest of the
white.

The old Irish Mechanical
civilization, long self considered

the purest Money-Power
conglomerate in town, was
recently challenged by what

proported the colors of a ‘reform'
political movement. In the last
election the position of County
D.A., vital to mechanical order,
fell to long, lean, tough,
reform-frontiersman Arnold
Proskin. Arnold, a law bidding
man, had promised to wrest the
law from the corrupt politics of
the Tyrant'and to bring justice
ﬁnally to the People. Rah. Rah.
Now the man is coming out and
showing his stripes. He is proving
as contemptuous of law,
impartiality, and individual civil
liberty as the funky redneck fuzz
and their city hall masters,

Monday, February 3, seven
people (the majority SUNYA
students) were busted for

possessron or one ounce of pot
and a handful of pep pills. The
cops arrived just before 6 am.
carrying shotguns and pistols and
one wearing a bullet proof vest.
Just like the Diary of Anne Frank.
They were not Nazis, however,
and did not smush down the door.
They simply opened it. The little
bastards had their own key !

Bursting in on the seven,
dragging some out of bed, the
cops came upwith the pot, worth
about $10-20, und some pills
worth another $10-20. On the
strength of this, the kids were
handcuffed and led down to
police headquarters for
arraignment u few hours later in
Police Court.

And as to court procedure, sir.
pleaded guilty to their
misdemeanors before Trepcdino.

This was u stupid thing to do,
but that lli whul. lawyers are there
to clue you about. Under normal
circumstances, a judge with some
feeling for justice will refuse to
even accept a plea by young,
unrepresented defendants. Thai is
not the case In this town.

Trepedlno, famous for his
monosylluble explanations of
truth (six-months,

hang-by-the-neck, etc.) looked at
the long hair of the five boys, told
them they were “dope fiends"
and tossed them in County Jail
for psychiatric tests, haircuts, and

a coming Friday sentencing.

That was two Weeks ago. There
has been no sentencing, yet, four
are still in jail
unbelievable as that may seem.

today, as .

On Friday in court, now
represented by a lawyer hired by
their friends, they attempted to
have the ‘gullty’ pleas reversed, a
normal procedure. The judge
invoked a rule used only under
the most extreme circumstances,
by which plea reversal may be:
considered only ﬁve days after the
defendants have informed the
D.A.‘s office. This is never done in
Police Court, but Proskin's Office
agreed to it.

Further, the court claimed that
psychiatric tests had never been
conducted on the five
determine the degree of the ‘dope
ﬁendishness' «a lie~ and so ball
was not set and the five went back
to jail for another five days,
appearing in court again this past
Tuesday morning.

At that time they were
informed that the rule had not
been met since their lawyer had
handed the plea to the DA. a few
hours short of five days before the
current court appearance. The
D.A. agreed to this arbitrary shit
once again and they went back to
jail without bail being 599-

Normally in a minor drug case,
the defendants are released almost
immediately on probation or on

low bail to wait for their trial. In
this case several outside influences
seemed to converge to hang these
kids. First, this is Proalrln’s first
‘big’ drug case since he assumed
office, Apparently to prove his
power as a reformer he is bound
to see them convicted but good,
regardless of. minor problems such
as meager evidence that should
warrant dropping the charges
against most of the defendants.

Second, long hair kids are a
crime and to be screwed by the
'law' whenever possible. This has
been arbitrary nature of the
Albany machine and is apparently
included in the prejudices of the
new reform D.A.

Hopefully, for his psychic well
being, Arnold will refrain from
busting the SUNYA campus,
although rumor has it that such an
action might be contemplated by
the little man. When he has
rounded up all the one ounce
criminals he can find, and
discovers many of his former
student workers, cnnvassers, and
supporters in their number, he
might learn something about how
the natives keep the wagons
a'moving on the old frontier.

The following is part two
of MJ’s column continued
from -lllt'Tuesday’s ASP '.

In fact, leftists, theFatah is
now forced to recruit (you with
your Iatln liberation yarmulke,
take note) in foreign countries.
The Fatah is so popular in Israel
that it is forced to recruit at the

Sorbonne, and Berkely, and
Antioch.

The Fatah pictures itself as the
heir to the FLN, the Viet Cong
and Che. The fact is that it is the
heir to Hitler. Its leader,
Haj-el-Husseini spent World War II
in Hitler's Munich drafting Arab
mercenaries to liquidate Tito’s
partisans. Hitler didn’t need an
ambassador to the Arabs. John
Gunther tells us that “Hell Hitler"
was the standard greeting in old
progressive Araby during the war.

This was when the Jewish
Palestinians were dying in the
ranks of the Allied Armies.

Thats the story of the glorious
Fatah. Unlike the Viet Cong, it
can be liquidated. It has no
popular support and its raison
d'etre is its members desperate
yearning to kill Jews and

 

 

7b Wﬂm

By
Stu Rothchlld

 

 

“Time” magazine has called
New York City a decaying city.
But it doesn’t have to decay. A
light shining in the dark has arisen
to lead this great city to new
heights. This light is a man who
know’s New York’s mind and
soul.

A man who can turn words into
action. A man who moves people,
And people are moved by him.
That man is the most. popular
Congressman in New York State,
James H. Sclieuer of the Bronx,
who is seeking the Democratic
Party endorsement for Mayor in
the June primary.

Rep. Scllcuer, a liberal in
politics, is a lender of the
Democratic reform movement in
New York City. Since election to
Congress In 1964, he has
authorized more than his share of
important legislation. His concern
with the problems of urbanization
are a matter of public record.

He is an effective champion of
the poor, the young, and our
senior citizens. He has fought for
increased federal funds to aid
education; to train the hard-core
unemployed; to keep rent control
in effect; to find better ways of
reducing and preventing crime and
in bettering race relations.

The strong teamwork
Scnutor Edward Kennedy of
Mussuchusetts in the Senute and
Rep. James Scheucr in the House
of Representatives, made possible
the enactment into law of u
National Institute of Criminal
Justice to find more effective
ways of preventing and detecting
crime.

“Rep. Scheuer of the Bronx . . .
played a highly useful role" said

n

the “New York Post" i
discussing federul aid to
education.

The Department of Labor has
called the Scheuer program to
train the hardcore unemployed
“one of the most sophlstlcated
and promising of any manpower
program."

Rep. Scheuer is no stranger to
housing ills of big cities, having
served as Consultant to President

Kennedy on Housing Problems.

In addition, he was Chairmar
of the Citizen’s Committee for the
Preservation of Rent Control, and
served for four terms as President
of the Citizen's Housing and
Planning Council of New York.

Better race relations is a
constant concern of Rep. Scheuer
and he has served as Chairman of

the Housing Advisory Council of
the New York State Council
Against Discrimination.

He sponsored a bill, recently
passed by Mr House, to create a
Commission or Negro History and
Culture. He ccvcloped the first
intergrntcd hoi sing in the nation’s
capital, served us Consultant to
President Kennedy on Human
Rights, and served as a member of
the Civil Rights Leadership
Conference.

He is a member of the House
Committee on Education and
Labor and has sought to broaden
the student aid programs. He
authored the Bilingual Education
Program, which provides
instruction in a second language
for millions of children from
foreign language homes, nlong
with concentrutcd assistance in
English.

"El Tempo," a Puerto Ricun
oriented newspaper in New York
City, has cditoriulized that, “few
districts pre us well
represented as thoroughly and
consciously as the 21M, where
young, dynamic James H. Scheucr
makes it it full time job .
despite his intensive activity."

Enough of his legislative
accomplishments. What is he like?
James Scheuer is a man of

independence who courageously

 

WANTED TO BUY: Old comic

 

books, big litllc boo/ts and related
items. Prefer superhero like
Batman. Superman, Tarzan, Flash
Gordon, alc. Want Marvel issues
of the last ten years, also. For
details, call 467-4378 daytime
Monday'Friday

 

stands up for what he believes in.
He was the first Eastern
Congressman to support Senator
Eugene McCarthy and is one of a
handful of Congressman who
consistently opposed the war in
Vietnam, He plays opera
on the harmonica, can speak six
languages fluently, including
Japenesc. In politics he’s a liberal,
a leader of the Democratic reform
movement in New York City. . . .
Enough?

 

Want to help elect James
Scheuer Mayor of N.Y.? Then join
the Students For Scheuer at
Albany State. Call Stu Rothchild
at 472-8896, or drop a note in the
ASP office, room 382 in the
Campus Center.

   

.. .  ‘ii :i's’i’
“liberate” Palestine.,,  .,.ltq
builders. The overwhelming
majority of Palestinians (60% of
all Israelis were born in the'Mlddle
East) have already been liberated.

The Israelis are home and get
long last. The rapeu of Blafrarthe
Sudan, Yemen and Kurdistan shall
not succeed in the deatructlon of
Palestine. The Baghdad butchers
of Jews and Kurds will be
thwarted. No genuine national
movement has ever failed. The
Vietnamese, the Biafrans, the
Kurds and the Czechs will all
prevail. It is no wonder that the
starving black in Biafra and the
Sudan look to Israel for
inspiration. It is no wonder that
free men everywhere rejoice at the
success of Israel.

 

The Socialist Workers (read
National Socialists) can wallow in
their anti-Semitism. They can
dabble in liberation while they
immerse themselves in racism.

But let them note what one
Israeli has written and then let
them return to their faulty
hate-filled analogies:

“We have no Army. We have no
power. We have nothing. But on
that bitter day, when we felt
everything was closing in on us,
we knew that we dare not allow
what had always happened to
happen again. We decided to fight
back. We decided to fight in our
houses, in the passages, from
street to street and from home to
home.

“It would have been impossible
to conquer any dwelling in Tel
Aviv without killing every man,
woman, and child in it. No white
flag would have waved on a single
roof in Tel Aviv. The price the
conquest of Israel was destined to
be very high.

“Today the Arabs boast about
revolutionary guerilla warfare.
They claim that they have
transferred Viet Cong methods to
'llie Middle East. They march with
:hc picture of Che Guevara. It
makes me laugh.

"What is Viet Cong. It is
ﬁghting to the last man. The Viet
Cong of the Middle East,
regardless of whether it is pleasant
to those who demonstrate with
the picture of Che or not, is Israel.
We are prepared, iii any moment,
to fight the last battle."

Memorize that, leftists.

 

CLASSIFIEDS

 

Classified ads may be placed in
the ASP box at the Campus

Center Information desk.
Each won! in 5 rents, the

minimum price being l6 cents.

 

Please include name, address
and telephone number with the
ad.

Classifieds will appear every
Friday.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Learn gullar ul last! Capable
instruction. Folk, popular,

Wanted: Ice Rink Superulsora.
Positions available, 6. Duties will
include fire, building, and
maintenance. $1.50 per hour.

 

classical. Reasonable rates. Calla, Dr, Henry Chem", physics
Sucrlb'fil). Department, Campus Mail or
785-1474.
Bluea exclusively 3.5 on WSUA -—————-——~

every Sunday afternoon. Listen! PERSONAL

John Jukema Blues Show

premierespeb,9_ Fran and Elk announce
WANTED engagement.

GUITAR wanted. Goya,
Gibson or Marlin. Call 457-8347

 

Elizabei

“We. .f..m...tM...ua.u ‘

Bye Everybody. Laue Ann &
h . 

 

 

 

  

 

2.“.- ‘  ‘ .. 1.3-4.

 
     

