 
  

WVGPﬂanv'Ng ..

3
r
.

.._ “a..- .. NM---“ .. «SM N...» ....;...'.g,

 

.«MMv

 

 

.4- . -.-.7\mml~vWAW-‘
5‘2" .;, :s..)._\.a'. ‘ .

M Vwr .
.. 3w.  ,4,_a.,~.-~<»,m_.. ,v‘,

i,
i
i
i
.x
i
i
g
i
i

 

,.- ,"lvgm

 

-z

,i‘.
z
,.

.l

- ;. :~_n-

 

E, Di "i l.) R l A L C

 

hm Yisracl

Here at the University we are constantly searching'for answers to
questions we do not know. As a result, sometimes we end up solving
problems that never exist. .

We will graduate from SUNY at Albany as mere instruments of the
societyat-hrge. We will not have had_‘any substantiation of our
individual, or group ldentltiea. Ws'i willrbe as lost and limited by
established restrictions as when we came. We revolt against this

‘ ‘ impersonallaation, dehumanization.

’ It has recently been proven by Blacks that in order to establish
individual and group identity you cannot, no matter what society you
are in, deny your heritage, traditions, culture—the very elements
contributing to that identity. Instead, it is necessary to assert that
culture, make it your own, show others what you are.

If you are secure in the knowledge of what you are, no one can
take that identity from you. You not only will have gained respect,
but, in addition, necessitated understanding, for you will have become
an integral part of social reality, adding new dimension and diversity
to a crumbling social establishment.

Viewed in this light, the newly formed coalition of Jews does not
seem as ominous as it might at first glance. It has been established to
increase awareness of the condition of Jews all over the world as well
as infarael.

Here in New York, Jews are more or less insulated against overt
antl-semitism, but where Jews are not known, where they are
phenomena (Le. southern United States) they are looked upon in a
derogatory manner.

Members in the new alliance feel that it is time these'conditions
were revealed and alleviated, they feel it is~theiriobligation to do so. In

, a manner of speaking, they are not militant anti-anything, they are

militant for their culture, their heritage. As militant as the Blacks are

' for theirs.

We cannot see the future clearly now, but perhaps polarization is
necessary so that definition and articulation of identity may be
accomplished.

In the final analysis, this identity will, perhaps, be respected and
understood as different yet acceptable. We do not know.

Worthy Proposal

The latest step on the road-to mature residence hall living was
proposed Wednesday night by LAAC. It calls for individual
“ " ' to J ‘ their own ‘ " “ policy and hours.

This reform has had an uncertain past here. It was proposed earlier
in a slightly different form, and was unable to meet acceptance. At
that time, the basic argument used against its passage was that it did
not respect the wishes of individual students.

This flaw has been rectified, and more than compensated for. The
ultimate decision as to the hours policy of the dorm now lies with the
individual-a provision as close to protecting minority rights as one
could possibly hope for.

The proposal calls for the institution of a new dorm policy only
after two-thirds of the students have voiced their approval. This too, is
protection for the minority. Another wise ' ' ' is the ' '

 

   

 

 

 

 

    

) o AM i GLBD
Sﬂpnve CLOSED

   
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

so“

 

Communications

 

 

 

for reconsideration by respective dormitories of the policy they
accept.

The inequities that previously might have existed have been
corrected. The road should be clear now to passage. We urge all
legislative bodies involved, from the Committee on Residences up to
the University Council, to pass this long needed proposal and allow
dormitory living at this University to enter the twentieth century.

REMEMBER! 1
Assembly has yet to act on bill
concerning Regents Scholarships

CALL Assemny switchboard phone number 472-3100 and ask for
your Assemblyman. if you do not know who your assemblyman is the
switchboard operator will be able to give you his name. The bill
number is 524s.

ASP STAF F

The Albany Student Press is published two-
, times a week by the Student Association of the
W State University of New York at Albany. 'l'he ASP
office is located in Room 882 of the Campus
Center This newspaper is funded by S.A. Tax.

Editors-in Chief
Jill and Ira

 

 

News Editor ’l‘lm Keeley

Associate News Editor Kathy limemon
Arts Editor Carol Schour
Sports Editor Jim Winslow
Feature Editor Gary Gail
Technical Editors Pal O'Ilern, Bill Shapu
Photography Editor Ed Polshawski

Business Manager Philip Franchlnl

Adwmllﬂl "anal" Daniel Foxman

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
E) not necessarily reﬂect its views.

 

 

 

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications are
subjch to editing.

I would expect something more, not less, from lin-
Albany Student Press. I would expect ymlr
expresskm In words and art to raise our uwurl’ncsn.
not ’clobber It. I would expect your youthful
imag‘iéwtlon and reasoning to be bright not scnilc l
I I I won expect that here on a ll ' l
gxrémgvatlz’hgixa": or the my 0" Albuny' 0' lr)iowhcrc else, the flow would beefossiidcfnriilgiiig In

Fraternity promoters hawk their product by at" world in a bet!” way'
claiming that fraternities lift one out of the dull, drab

Group Image

[‘0 The Editors,

Speaking of community relations, why is it that some
fraternities can ’t rent a hall for beer parties anywhere

Irvin Gilman

conformity oi university life. Yet somehow, there is
an element of dull, drab conformity in the picture of
similarly-jacketed brothers trooping en force to the
supper line, looking for all the world like a pack of
lemmings heading for the sen.

How can the authors of the ‘Greek Powar’ article
claim as a ‘constructlvc elcmcnt' any organization
which recerve the right to reject principles of
equality? Prospective members must meet the
qualifications of the ‘Group Image' and a tiny
minority can arbitrarily decide who doesn't.

Of course, fraternities and sororities have a place
in college life. On the positive side, they do provide
social and athletic functions for those who seek
them. On the negative side, they provide safe haven
for those who-wish that everybody was white, that
drugs were limited to aspirin, that girls were the only
ones who wore bollbottoms, and that Wurrcn
Gumcllel Harding was still President.

We are all, lncidcntly, fraternity members.

Guy Boynton Nutter
James V. Mans
Jeffery Canncll

Cartoon Contempt

To the Editors:
Looking at the cartoon la the ASP Febru
. u 7
and considering such criteria as taste, pcrceprtion’
ethics, morals, values, style, craft, sincerity and truth’
all i can find leaching out is contempt. You make of
faculty and students alike something less than man.

Non-Greek

To the Editor:

I would like to thank Mr. Ellstrom and Roscnhl-ru
on behalf of all non-Greek oriented studcnts in!
presenting in “Greek Power" the typicnl "'“‘i"”‘
Greek “snow job."

This above mentioned article will lndicuu- to
anyone interested in Greeks, the good life of Irm‘
altruism and virtue ahead (aside from all the bet-r ynH
can drink).

Bless your little souls for the wonderful lhirly
minutes In total you Greeks sacrificed lust ycur I“
helping the community.

Correct me if I am wrong, but more blmnl Wm
spilled in Chicago than Greeks donated lust .vl'm
Besides, many INDIVIDUALS get off their rump "I‘ll
give blood periodically at Albany Medical Cantor.

Many students work in community pl'oilrﬂmli ""“y
due to genuine interest to effect better interpcrmmﬂl
relations, rather than for group “brownie points."

Does not "constructive action" as was atutml HI
the article also include, beside from what Mr
Ellstrom, uncluariy proposed, uttuininil WWW“ '”
Afro-American Studios and, or Hebrew; do than"
gentlemen denote constructive action on oxclmivnly
Greek? Hopefully, more students who how-
legitimate grievances will form groups.

" Greek Power is Greek to me. To quote l’rclllllllllli
Spiro Ted Agnew is a Greek."

Fred Erllch

 

     
   
 

   

reasons? 21.1969

 

 

 

 

7t  Am

ALBANYBIUDBNTPRESS .

Iv
Stu Rotncnlld

1...... ,0.  

 

 

 

, em arm

 

 

 

. ...;.:....'J,.,'.err.:-m.v. - - M

Last weekend, braving Fun City’s unplowed
streets, I talked with Rep. Jim Scheuer at his
mayoralty campaign headquarters at 30 W. 57th St.
in Manhattan. We spoke of issues of student concern.

I learned that Rep. Scheuer was only one of a few
in the House who voted against the federal college
riot bill last year. Rep. Scheuer strongly believes that
campus administraton and not legislatures, should
handle campus discipline. He defended students
right to demonstrate, to protest and to strike-but
not‘to disrupt the educational process.

So far, campus audiences have given him terrific
receptions in New York City, and he has encountered
no incidents with SDS or other radical groups. He
realized that the honeymoon won’t last forever, and
jokingly remarked “do I look like Super-Jew?"
Between now and the June primary he will try to
speak at every New York campus at least once.

He said he considers the ‘Village Voice' “an
interesting paper," and he called his old friend,
AttorneyGeneral John Mitchell “an enlightened guy,
a thoughtful, middle of the road liberal." His Negro
History and Culture Bill is in House Committee; last
year it passed the House 247-35 and died in Senate

committee. This year he is optimistic of its passage.

Posted in the lobby of Brubacher Hall, the
graduate dorm, is a resolution demanding that the
contract stipulation of a coed dormitory be fully
honored. The students of C-Section who wrote the
resolution stated they assert their legal right to have
vacant rooms occupied by “appropriate looking
female graduate students. '

The appropriateness shall be determined by the ad
hoc selection committee of theC-Section." They
maintain that if their legal contractual rights are not
granted, they will be forced to initiate litigation
against the University

Opinion among the graduate students in this
“co-ed” dorm was divided. Many thought it was a
joke and laughed, including the dorm director.
Others thought “it’s cute" while some thought it. was
a good idea if each room had its own bathroom.

Presently Brubacher Hall houses 200
graduate students,about 100 male and 100 female
students, in separate wings on each floor. The
resolution should not he laughed off as a joke; and
investigation of other co-ed dorms such as the Free
University in Berlin should begin at once.

Communications

people power

 

Senate Support

To the Editor:

The action taken by the State Senate this past
week, eliminating state support to those students
convicted of a crime on campus, is one which I
ﬁrmly support.

The reasons voiced against passage of this bill,
namely it: discriminates against the poor, it gives the
student a double punishment which a non-student
committing the same crime does not receive, and that
it takes away the freedom of speech and expression,
all have serious shortcomings.

To begin with, the bill is aimed at a small minority
of persons who, by their actions, discriminate against
the majority of students. Closing an Administration
Office, blocking a Dow Chemical recruiter, and other
such acts, all are infringements on the rights of the
majority who don'tgo along with such actions. So to
say the law is discriminating against the poor is not
to plausible for it is these “poor sutdcnls" who are
receiving a higher amount of state aid, which, in a
sense, is a counter-discriminating move as far as their
economic ability to compete is concerned.

As to the double punishment argument, it should
be remembered that an outside person is not being
supported in the same way as the student who is
receiving both financial assistance and in general pays
only about a third of the actual costs of his
education, the remainder of which falls on the
taxpayers. In a large sense, a student owes a double
responsibility to the state and as such is in a different
position than the outsider convicted of the same
crime.

As for the freedom of expression argument, it
must be remembered that it is not their expression
that is being limited, rather only the means of
expressions, in terms of pcrmissable behavior as
defined by society, are being used as criteria to
decide what is lawful and what is not. While a certain
group is demanding their rights, it may indeed prove
to be standing in the way of the majority, this is the
danger.

In the final analysis, the bill is aimed at a
symptom-the crime, whllc falling short of getting at
the root cause-~thc reason to why such actions are
becoming so widespread. It still has its strength in the
fact that it will limit the cxtcnt to which students
may go to voice their dissent.

James J. Rourke Jr.
President
Phi Beta Lambda

M YSKANIA

To the Editor:

MYSKANIA 106!) has decided not to make any
recommendations for MYSKANIA 1070. This is a
departure from the procedure followed for the last
several years. However, we feel it is justified for the
following reasons:

1. Although MYSKANIA formerly soloctod its
successors, the method of ucluctlon has now been
altered so that each new MYSKANIA is chosen by a
vote of the student body.

2. The recommendation of students for seats on
MYBKANIA, considering the inevitable publicity,
has, in the past, been tantamount to MYSKANIA

selecting its successors.

3. Since It has long been decided that MYSKANIA
ought not hava this power, we feel that we should
not make recommendations.

MYSKANIA 1969

Food Service Slap

To the Editors:

Food Service’s recent announcement of the new
meal plans disguised a slap in the face most students
don‘t seem to feel: there will be no seconds next
year. That means that when they serve us one
“Sunyburger,” a tomato slice, and two cookies at
lunch (which they sometimes do), that's all we're
going to get. ’I'hcrc are too few strangers stealing
meals to merit the end of secons. Therefore, I urge all
students to write, cull, petition, and in general, bitch
to Food Service. The man to complain to is Mr.
Malcom Corbiey, CC 361, Tel. 457-4823. Thank you.

Yours truly,
Michael ’l‘womcy

SDS Disruption
To the general University community and SDS'»

On the Weekend of February 14, 1969 your
organization held a regional conference at SUNY at
Albany. During the afternoon of February 16 about
30 members of SDS disrupted a sorority rush
function so badly that Sigma Slpha's rushees fled
from the area to which the sorority had been
assigned to hold its rush function, and the sorority
was forced to move to a closed lounge to avoid
further disturbances.

Although we do not agree with some of the goals
and methods of SDS, we believe that it should be
allowed to exist as an organization because it serves
many useful purposes. Two of your organization's
stated Ideals are that students should be allowed to
organize and meet without interference, and that
people should be allowed freedom of speech and
choice. However, we also believe that these ideals
should apply to all groups and people, and not just to
these with whom your members agree. lly their
interference and disruption of Sigma Alphu's rush
event, they denied 220 people the right to join or not
join an organization, and denied both the right of tho
sorority and the right of tho rushees to discuss frocly
the purposes, benefits, and dotrlmonts of u fraternal
organization. There is n misunderstood assumption
that sororities are only social organizations, but
people tend to forgot that many of the members of
these groups and the groups as a whols; also
contribute much time to social and political action,
and survlcu to the community.

We realize that SDS did not sponsor this
dcnionstrutlon: however, those that participated wore
members of SDS, We would like to know your
opinion about this matter. How can a group which
asserts certain ideals for itself deny these same ideals
to others? We are disturbed that, although we would
not deny SDS from organizing or speaking even
though we do not believe in some of your methods
and goals, you would deny us this some right. It
upsets us that some of vour members would turn

your idealistic and democratic beliefs into a
narrow-minded, dictatorial philosophy.

Respectfully submitted,
Sigma Alpha Sorority

Enhancing Education

To the Editors:

It is most perplexing to find that despite the
inception of this university’s existence to enhance
the education of the citizens of this state, it must be
an education that is dictated by this administration.

I am citing several instances and examples. To
begin with, as reported in last issues ASP I cite the
open hearing on the task force for Academic Affairs.
Any change in present university policy could not be
implemented until full 1970, nor could a four course
load with independent study in January be
implemented.

In both instances the reason that is cited is that
there would be a tremendous amount of"effort." It
seems to me that. no effort is great enough if it can
impi‘ove the quality of education at this university.
Perhaps many members of the faculty and
administration are afraid of making an effort for the
changes students are pleading for throughout the
universities of this country.

The inception of an independent study program at
this school along with pass-fail would be a
tremendous effort on the part of the faculty. Instead
of sitting on his ass and averaging the scores of three
tests (sorry X you don’t measure up to Y. He's a 2.32
and you’re 2.31), a member of the faculty would
have to put in hours and hours of evaluating a
student. (Yikes' Hours and hours, we better say
pass-fail would take away incentive.)

The hypocrisy of education at this institution has
flourished and now it must die. We can no longer
arbitrarily say, after twalve hours of social science,
twelve in natural science, nine in humanities
including English comp. (Don't sweat kids. The bible
has been rewritten; thanks to Newswrite, no more
Speech.) etc. One is educated. The student must
taper his own education to his own needs.

if necessary we must organize ourselves as a
pressure group (forget it SDS'I Che doesn't live here)
on a "liberal" adminstrntion that has shown its
libcrul achievementsin the past, such as promising the
BSA the realization of their goals and then
rointerpretlng them into such a distortion of the
original ones that they are unrecognizable, or
promising a revision in the calendar in two or more
years.

it is incomprehensible that this institution changed
totally in concept from u ’l‘cachcr's college to a
multl-univcrsity, in such a short period of time;
must It now take so long to modify many of the
standards of education hero? it is ussuruble that this
change is not a fraction as drastic as the original one.

At the State University at Buffalo, it took a matter
of months to organize and ratify major reforms that
will begin in September. Yet it Is to take us years,
and we are a much smaller institution. In a rather
good editorial, the last issue of the ASP espoused its
principles of the students right to change his
university for mutual advantage.

The time has come to finish the rhetoric and begin
the action, so each may truly become "All he is
capable of being," not all that the administration
purmlts us to become.

Mark S. Landesman

 
  
  
      
    
     
      
 

 

     
    
        
    
   
 
 

  

   
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 

 

