 

l

« iv.“

not: ALBANY sruammess

TUESDAY. OCTOBER 14, I969

 

nos s_

ALBANY_ STUDENT mass

mason. acrosss 1'4: (969

 

 

Invisible Man on Campus

by Jim Small

 

visitation:

byAlanBorderler

 

 

 

L
but—though all kinds of ofﬁcers on, pmidem, being of which
s DAB-0.: "it"??? “idling (8 rennin: nation" Metered pride) assertions duly notified .
mutupiece e e. cumming: "lei? M” P"? did h“ “‘d cum threw the yellowsonofabitch
. . ' “mil {0“ '9" "‘9" two“ into a dungeon, where he (had
(i Gilli of OI“) voices and boots were much the worse.
i sing of Olaf glad and big and egged the f‘iratclaaspnvata on
whose warmest heart recalled at war his rectum wickedly to tease

Christ (of His mercy inﬁnite)
i pray to aee;and Olaf too

conscientious object-or by means of skilfully applied
. bayonets roasted hot with heat— pmpondengiﬁgly because
his wellhelored colonel (trig Olaf (upon what were once knees) mum sumac, He he was

weatpointer moat succinctly bred)

does almost ceaselessly repeat
“there is some s‘ I will not eat"

more brave than me:

 

wok “Rina 01“ soon in hum; more blind than you.
but—though an host of overjoyed
noncnma (ﬁlst knocking on the head
him) do through icy water-s roll

that helplessness which others stroke
with brushes recently employed
anent th‘u muddy toiletbowl.

while kindred intellecta evoke
allegiance per blunt instrumean—

Ribbon cutting ceremony

for new computer system

Olaf (being to all intents

a corpse and wanting any rag
upon what God unto him gave)
responds. without getting annoyed
“I will not kiss your f‘ing ﬂag"

straigbway the silver bird looked
grave
(departing hurriedly to shave)

Wall '5
SUBMARIIIES

Cull IV 9-2027
or IV 2-0228

ME!
DELIVERY

(Thaw Sutxs Minimum‘

 

nil“ Wednesday only. 
J delivery at 5pm.

 

 

 

A powerful large~scale
computer system which will make

data processing available to the
entire university community at
State University of New York at
Albany will be inaugurated at a
ribbon-cutting ceremony
Thursday morning. October 16. in
the foyer of the Computing
Center. The system. a UNIVAC
110$. produu‘d by the L'nivac
Division of Sperry Rand
Corporation. is now fully
operational

Participating in the program. to
begin at 11:30. will be university
acting president Allan A.
Kuusisto. director of the
Computing Center Edwin D.
Reilly. and L‘niirac Divuion
president Robert E. McDonald.
President Kuusisto has hailed the
acquisition of the computer,
which can perform more than one
million calculations per second. as
"a giant step forward for the
university's computing winter.
making it one of the foremost
facilizies of its type in the buried
States educational envuonmen: "

According to Dr Reilly .l'ie

computer will be used by students
taking courses in Computer

Science and other disciplines. It

also will aid in faculty and
graduate research projects and be
used to asit in the administration
of the university.

"With the computer's
capabilities. we will be able to do
several jobs simultaneously."
reported Dr. Reilly. “For
example. while a student is trying
to solve a mathematical problem.
the accounting department might
be taming a payroll. At the
same time. someone in
administration could be asking the
computer which lecture halls with
capacities of 200 or more are
available after 1 pm. on Friday."

A multi-prming system. the
L'NIVAL‘ 1105 permits processing
and time—sharing to go on
simultaneously.  eliminates
the need to schedule the
mmputer in piecemeal lashion
and thus provides a high level of
service which ultimately will be
available 32 houis W! day. sev
days a week to any legitimate 
on any campus of zinc SL'NY

 

 

 

...

syszent.” explained Dr .-.e'.1'.y

DIALQGUE.”

' Free Coffee and Danish

Every Thursday from 9—1030 ANT.

Patrooa l sags, Coupes Cleats:

All faulty and slim Invited

 

EDITOR '3 NOTE: For those who feel that a particular viewpoint has
been neglected in the coverage a! this paper. we are happy to “no;
space in the form of this column, "visitation. "

In the October 3rd edition of “Muhammad Speaks" the National
Secretary for the Nation of Islam, John Ali. wrote an article entitled
THE HYPOCRITES LOVE MALCOLM. Mr. Ali's attack on Malcolm
X is unfounded, a distortion of the facts andilluatratea again, that the
poisonous minds who engineered the outing of Malcolm X from the
Nation of Islam are still secreting their vile lies in an effort to conceal
their atrocities. There is an antidote for this contempuous and
infectious disease. Malcolm X was aware of it when he wrote “Let
everyone put his facts on the table. Once you put the facts on the
table. it’s possible to arrive at a solution.”

In order to insure an honest appraisal. or at least one in which one
can peruse without prejudice, it will be necessary to quote at length
from the autobiography of Malcolm X. This takes time and space and
may tax the readers' patience but I know of no shortcuts in which
sound conclusions can he arrived at otherwise.

The thrust of Mr. Ali's article is the following:

It was only after Malcolm turned hypocrite to the religion of Islam
and his teacher, the Honorable Elijah Muhammad. did the white man
take up the exportation of Malcolm as an example for Black People.

I would argue that Malcolm X did not turn hypocrite, and that he
was forced out of the Muslim organization. There are several passages
one might consider as evidence for the former claim. (By hypocrite I
mean one who pretends to be something he isn't.)

In every radio or television appearance, in every newspaper

interview. I always made it crystal clear that I was Mr.

Muhammad ‘s representative...once a minute I said. ‘The Honorable

Elijah Muhammad teaches-’ (p. 290)

I am telling the truth. I loved the Nation. and Mr.Muhammad. I
lived for the Nation. and for Mr. Muhammad. (p. 292)
Every second of my twelve years with Mr. Muhammad. I had been
ready to lay down my life for him. The thing to me worse than
death was the betrayal. I could conceive death. I couldn‘t conceive
betrayl-not of the loyalty which I had given to the Nation of Islam.
and to Mr. Muhammad. During the previous twelve years. if Mr.
Muhammad had committed any civil crime punishable by death. I
would have said and tried to prove that I did it- to save him and I
would have gone to the electric chair. as Mr. Muhammad's servant.
( p. 305)
I don't think I could say anything which better testifies to my
depth of faith in Mr. Muhammad testifies to my depth of faith in
Mr Muhammad than that I totally and absolutely rejected my own
:ntelligence... The last time I had seen my Reginald. one day he
walked into the Mosque Seven restaurant. I saw him coming in the
door . I told him he wasn‘t welcome among Muslims. and I haven't
seen him since. I did that to my own blood brother because. years
before. Mr. Muhammad had sentence Reginald to “isolation” from
all other blusllnls‘lllld l considercd that I was a Muslim befuré‘ I was
Reginalds brother (p, 1295)
This last quoluliun takes on .iddcd significance if one u'ill rr-mll lll.|l
"fornication" was lllt‘ iiiiirzil crime responsible for llegiiinld's
isolation Yet this some zlL‘L‘llSIIIlUll was brought forth .iglmsi 'lll'
Honorable Elijah Muhammad and should prove. beyond .my lllllllll.
that Malcolm X rcnuiincd true to his Master. After examining his
reaction But first the aL‘Cusulion'

Los Amgles. July 3 (L'l‘llElljuli Muhammad. 67-year old leader of

the Black Muslim movement. today faced paternity suits from [\l'ii

former secretaries who charge lic fathered their four L‘lllllll't‘ll lp

Malcolm ‘5 reaction :

.\'o one in the world could have convinced me that Mr Muhammad

would betray the l’t‘Vt‘l‘t‘llL‘t‘ bestowed upon him by All of ilw

mosques full of poor. trusting Muslims iiickelmg .ind diming up in

faithfully support the Nation of lsliitti...('295l

Furthermore. He not nnl_\' rt‘)t‘t‘lt‘d any thought to the truth of this
claim but he ininicduiely St‘l upon .i plan in dual \\'Ill‘. .lll_\' prulilr-nh
generated by this llt‘\\$ release

I thought of one bridge Ill.“ could be used if and \\llt'il ilw
shattering dLsclosun' should become public David's .lt‘lLllIt‘I) \t'lll‘.
Rubs-helm weighted loss on history's scales. for IllSIJlIL‘t‘ :li.in lllt‘
positive fact of Dnvtd‘s killing t‘iuluilli. Thinking of Lot no think

not of lllt\‘$I. but of his saving the people from the destruction ul

Sodom .iiid L‘nniioriili (p. '19:“

continued la page I l

 

Kappa Delta Sorority
WWII] vwda all  worm
to an ope/i low

lllumldll “1- l5 7--9Pm Ten Breech Hall

 

 

 

Edltor's Note:

The lollowlnq articles an the results of our drlve to attsln candldatas' vlewpolnts on what we
conskland to be the lines In the alastlon tor Unlversltv Senate. In certain Instances, essays which
ran over the sum length have been cut« sometimes without the smhors' knowledge.

The four hull: qusstlons posed to all candidates are listed on page 6. However, no candidate was

in “V w" "mm" ‘° NW" NW" all- of these questions. It w. rahtsr, placed at thalr uponthaeenpllu.

dlacmlon.

There are numerous typographical errors In some of the essays (L... polllngl. For the most part,
on our part. and have nothing to do with the candidates.

these are the reaultotm
LARRY BLAU

The changeover from the Faculty Senate to the
University Senate is a particular juncture in the
University 'v history when we are shaken awake and
forced to answer the question. “What is the meqning
of the University?“ Now we must choose whether
we actively engage in all the opportunities the
University provides. or fnconapicuously spend four
years listlesst "absorbing" knowledge. Which we
label as the goal of our college career is a question
that we must each answer ourselves.

Now that the Faculty Senate has agreed to admit
thirty-three students to all with them on the
University Senate, the University may allow
constructive discussion among students. faculty. and
administration on an equal basis. This is the firs!
step toward cooperation and participation by every
member of the University Community to fully
exploit all the facilities and resources. social and
academic. of the University.

am for the eventual abolition of all
requirements. giving the student complete
autonomy over choice of subject matter. I am.
however. against a total Pass-Fall system [or now. I

feel that the State University alAlbany should be
open to all educational innovations. including
Puss-Fail. Therefore, I advocate the proposed
experimental Pass-Fail system for freshmen and
sophomores; if this system proves successful.
Pass-Fail should be extended to the Upper Levels. I
am also convinced that Pass-Fail should be extended
to all electives.

In stating the rules and regulations for campus
order. the Trustees are careful to mention that (be
objective or the rules is not “to prevent or restrain
controversy and dissent." Ye! after reviewing the
rules and regulations, one wonders why there is so
little room for reason. The whole report seems to
plan too neatly for any unrest that may arise on
campus. I think the Trustees have forgotten that
force (or its threat) is never the producer of mature.
responsible actions. I hope that the students of
SUNY can propose to the Trustees a more
reasonable approach to the problem of disorder
rather than the present arbitrary solution.

JAN BLUMENSTALK

I. Whal can the goals of the University be excepl
those of lls sludents? As the sludcnl body changes
so does its goals. Therefore. I feel lhal one of the
best actions toward achieving the goals of (he
sludcnl body has already been initiated. Le.
membership of students in the University Senala.
Now that we have this opportunily the only
appropriate course of action is lo survey the feelings
of the student body lliraugh polls and referendums
and fiii'li'ala action in the University Senate to
implemenl these goals.

2. An excellent example of (he need for such
acli'on is the proposal now before FacullySenalc
which advocates the immediate institution of
Pass-Fall through the sophomore for the Class of
1973 and all following classes. Before (his policy
should be considered. llie Freshman class must be
pulled. Or. if the Senate decides lo amend its
proposal. all students who will ultimately be
affeclcd should be considered. The Unlucrsily
Senate must represent lhe students and faculty. and
the personal opinions of a few Senators should not
be the deciding faclors. Sludcn! Senators mus!
represanl their fellow students.

3. As for required courses I personally see no
need for llicm. Such courses limil (he aludenl's
opporlunlly lo invesligale other areas of interest.

4. Since Sludcnl Senators represent the sludenl
body and Faculty members the faculty. the student
body should elccl is represenlalfves and the faculty
its own. The possibility does exist, however. lhal
(he whole Univcrfsly vote for the whole Senate.

5. The Truvleca' rules and regulations concerning
campus disorders were “handed down" dun:l lo (he.
shortage of time in which la comply with Slate
mgulalions. bu! I feel strongly that the University
should review this policy and submit for approval
revisions which they feel necessary.

STEVE BROWN and BRUCE HATKOF

The goals of a university as we seellhem are In
further lhe deucall'onal learning experience for the
students and the faculty. Learning Is not a one-way
experience. The faculty should learn from lhe
sludcnfa, jusl an a sludenl is expected In learn from
his instructors. To further llicvc goals we would like
to live each department have clover relations with
the students. One way this could be accomplished is
that eachdaparlmcnl would for fnlcrdeparlmcnlal
com mlllecs so llial courses could become

inter-related. It is our opinion that the course load
should be dropped from a 5 course load to a ll
course load; each course being 4 credits. This will
allow a student to study a subject more completely.

 

 

As a libeml arts University it is essential to the
chamcter of the University that there be required
courses. Required courses. hovever should not be
specific. but general in nature.

The main problem of a total pass full system at

the present is the reluctance of other universities to

accept this system for transferring and graduate
applicants.

The state required that each university form its
own rules and regulations on maintaining order on
campus. We believer that the students and faculty
should be able to modify the rules and regulations.
The faculty membera of the University Senate
should be elected by a representative committee of
students and faculty from each discipline.

MARSHA BUEBEL

A university community must be a social system
which allows for freedom of choice. There must be
viable alternatives available to the individual at all
times. In such an enviornment, a person develops
both intellectually and psychologically toward this
end, a university must have mutual regulation; that
is there must be control and trust on the part of
each student-each faculty member-each
administrator.

There must be a variety of programs-u variety of
ways to take part in our own intellectual
development. We must establish systems for
meaningful dialogues between students. faculty and
administration. On all committees there should be
50-50 representation-~studonls working with faculty
to actively determine university policies. Students
should be involved in changing curriculum - for
example offering courses in many depts. for
non-majors - thus offering an alternative to those
who might otherwise be unable or unwilling to take
an upper level course. There should be faculty
directed. but student taught courses. offered for
credit. An optional pass-fail system should be
instituted.

In our university there is a realistic problem of
tenured faculty - specifically when a tenure member
is not amenable to the inevitable change that. is
necessary in this university. Perhaps one answer is to
abolish tenure.

This year at registration there were a number of
slate troopers on campus. [a this a show of force?
Do the rules of law and order ask specifically for
this? Why did the university have to submit their
statements in the summer!

In a university system there must be reciprocal
trust. respect and cooperation. We must make the
administration actively aware of our positions. The
submitted statement must be reviewed and voted on
by the STUDENTS. This must be our choice.

A university must provide the opportuntly for
students to actively choose between alternatives. We
must make our university a community which
enables us to make our own decisions.

PHIL CANTOR

II. is a great fault that. students are for the first
lime to be represented on the Faculty Senule. it
should have been done long ago. Too many fine
ideas were lnbled by the Faculty Semile, ideas that
the students wanted and needed.

The entire A-E grading system is outmoded and
ludicrous. Puss—Full, for one. is ll much better means
of evaluation, but we shouldn't. slop looking for
improved ways.

It is a sad commentary that required courses
uren't extinct by now. The whole idea of forced
learning is a repulsive one.

The Campus disorder regulations are Li force and
they should be repealed.

The faculty should choose their own
representatives just us the students should pick
theirs.

Education and this University in particular should
move fast enough in a progressive direction to stay
up with the quickly changing society surrounding it.

ROBERT COLE

As a candidate for University Senate, the
following will express the ideas behind the name.

In modern society, the University has two main
responsibilities. First. each student should receive
the best possible formal education, through the
hiring of the best available professors and student
voice in the continuing appointment of each faculty
member. Secondly. the University should allow the
individqu to adjust to the “Computer Age" by self
regulation in all nreus. enforcing only federal. slate
and local laws.

To receive the best possible education. certain
courses should be required to broaden the student's
buse of understanding from which he can specialize.
To encourage this developnient.all courses not
directly related to it student's major or minor should
be graded on a puss-fall basis. In this manner,
ovaluatlon of an lndivldual’a college work will be

 

CANDIDATES" FORUM 

Not all eandldatas for the Sonata an Mnmv than who subsumed m, m or
less on tlma has been Included In this his. “ -
Altth wars-llaaltwllltalisapnatdaslataﬂort,wahopavouwllltattammurpd
moat-ll not all-of the says, and than attend Thursday's rally armed with tum nit-thus“

 

The articles have been placed In alphsbatlcal order, according to the audtor’s nuns. ln thee-
ol dual mthadilp, all authors have been given credlt for the some artlela. ’

restricted to his chosen field and will not include
courses taken according to ouulde Interests.

Now that Faculty Senate has been. expandedto
include students, there is no need for students to
elect faculty as well as student representativn . and
have, in effect, two student governments, leaving
the faculty with no voice In Unlverslty affairs.

Due to the fact that various groups on campus
have found it necessary in the past. and most llkely
in the future. to make their views known by forcible
means. restrictions will be needed to protect the
rights of others on campus. For this reason I must
support the Board of 'I‘rusteea' policy towards
campus disorders. although I am disappoian that
such a policy should be necessary on a university
campus.

These, and all views will always be subject to
change upon rational argument.

'I'ERRchEMAN

The contemporary university complex must be a
center of intellectual and emotional development.
grounded in experience and knowledge. yet ﬂexible
in non-conforming and independent ways of
thinking. Society's tendency to regard education as
a knowledge industry strengthens the exigency of
keeping the university free-free from economic.
political. and intellectual dictation. A diploma may
have market value. but it should not signify
promiscuous subaervience lo a market-oriented
ideology.

Often it has been argued that since students are
the process of "initiation." they have not the
capability to assess the values and principles upon
which their education rests. Education is a sharing
process. Administration. teacher. and student must
be 'wl'll‘lo share the responsibility. Our generation
has perhaps learned too well the responsibilities of
society without having learned the corollary of our
own responsibilities.

The university has found that the simplest way of
facflflalfng "education" is to work with standard
courses for everyone. taught by standard methods.
This has ultimately led to a qualitative loss to the
student. Teacher and student must have more
responsibility for solving their own educational
problems. Encouragement. not restriction;
incentive. not limitation are needed.

A cogent break toward restructuring the
university was taken on June 2 when the mixed
grading was approved by Faculty Senate. Others
must follow. Self-incentive policies, such as the
eventual elimination of required courses should
intelligently be formulated. The Board of Trustees,
with [hair politically viable guidelines for campus
order. lefl much leeway for the individual campus.
Clarification of principle and procedure has to be
worked out by the entire university community,
with the whole community included in disciplinary
decisions. Flexibility and innovation are the key
priorities.

BARRY DAVIS

My name is Barry Davis and I'm a freshman . I
wish to join the University Senate because I can
articulate to the needs of my fellow students.

As a freshman I am going to be spending more
than three and a half years in this college and I have
a great stake in what will happen here. I feel a need
to have a say in my life.

The goal of the university is to help shape
thinking independant students.

In accordance with my belief in student
independence. I advocate the aboliahmenl: of all
required courses except for departmental
requirements. This is not. to be taken as meaning
students should only take courses in their major. I
believe the 120 credits needed for graduation can
and should remain. I also am aware that the
students of the university know when they can't
miss a class, and therefore would ask for unlimited
absences.

The total pass-no creditsystem. should be put Into
effect. I believe grades can be detrimental to a
student’s learning process. and desire to learn. If
someone gets a 0- average the person miuht feel he's
inferior and school‘s not for him. Also people can
be so busy trying to gel. an A that the real
importance and impact of what they’re excapea
them.

Studean hould be allowed to vote for the entire
University Senate. The University Senate governs
purl of their lives and the students are mature
enough to have a any in their government.

SUE ELBERGER

The only worthwhile goal of the Univaralty is to
provide the space and facilities (In the form of
books. instructors. and atmosphere) where students

The Candidates statements are continued
on the following pages.

"or." r 't

 

 

