 

. ‘\.«"~. M-\A\ A. .A‘ A_v, .-

_v. .-.n~ m.«~..~..’-,.M’\ A ,_ Avxw na .1 «AA_,

1

 

 

“much-1.»; .. .

“5:”:‘an‘rng'd, e. r v, ,. .

 

 

 

   

 

so. earner-Ire _ o r

 

;.

 

 

'j  CANOE. MINCE.

 

 

   
  

 
  

  

Luigi to lower thd” ‘Nitiodal'Y  Republicans. 

natio 1"" f  ‘ ’ It was s_ rt'edbyboth of the‘ ,

first “' "pfes’id _n “f'ndldct'es, and

Vanderbdi'g includ'dd n‘" both party
Support for

"it? .  . ,
pls'tfo’rms. ', Priisident Eisenhower,

been growing "ever dairi'é'd’," 'End‘ Pre's’i'dent Ke'nnddy, President

includes. .the National "Student -J°hn.°nr and PIG-idem Nixon, 8,“
Association, ‘ the - National, have endorsed lowering the voting
Educational Association, Blue-18. . , .

prominent leaders of'both major About three weeks ago a sroup
political parties, as well as the called. the Youth .Franchise
National Young Democrats and Conlltion WM Tom“. II, 8

V  Right} Way I

Open,.Closed, or Selective; these are the choices offered. in the most
important student vote since the infamous Student Tax referendum,
or opinion poll, or'whatever you care to' call it. While this vote,
concerning recruitment policy on campus is'clearly‘an opinion poll,
there is_every reason to believe that the administration will abide by
the result. ,.

If the “closed” category receives the most-support, absolutely no
recruiting will be allowed on campus.

Such .a decision would have far-reaching and deleterious
repercussions. Few will dispute the fact that one of the most
important, if not the primary function of a university is educational.
However, most students do not go to school solely for this purpose.

While knowledge and learning are of incalcuable value to a person,
neither will ever pay the rent or put food on the table unless applied
to a career.

Thus, as repulsive as it may sound to some, preparation for a job
must also be a consideration. If the university is to perform such a
dual role, educational and occupational, recruiting is essential.

Secondly, no one is forced to see a recruiter. Students who do not
wish to avail themselves of this opportunity do not have to, the choice
is theirs. Their rights are in no way being violated. Why then, should
these people deny others the beneﬁts ‘of an open campus?

Ironically, the very people who are constantly saying, “Let
everyone do his own thing," are the ones who wish to keep us from
having recruiters on campus. To use their jargon, they are unwilling to
let us “do our thing.” Likewise, those who are calling for more
university participation and action in the community are the ones
who would close and isolate our campus from the outside world.

The selective category, or accept some, reject others, should also be
defeated. First of all, the legality of permitting some recruiters on a
state-supported campus and banning others is highly suspect.

But even this is not the primary consideration. As does "closed,"
selective denies the individual student the right to see any recruiter he
desires. Furthermore, who is to decide what organizations are worthy
of admittance, which ones are morally acceptable.

One of the purposes of university life is to reexamine and
sometimes break away from this kind of collectivized ethical code. I
for one would not want any student committee or the
administration to decide what is best for my moral health, or who I
may or may not see.

No one but the individual should make such decisions. It would not
be morally or legally defensible in a supposedly democratic society to
tell a student he cannot see a certain recruiter on campus. The very
essence of a free university would be destroyed.

Our campus must remain open to all. By choosing “0pm” we are
taking a step forward towards a freer, more progressive university; one
that recognizes the needs and rights of everyone.

If we allow anything but open to win, we have no one to blame but
ourselves. “Vote, the stakes are too high to stay homellll”

 

 

 

 

 

Your new
boyfriend has a
new 

I

Think  overcoiiee.

 

  
    

a

'oiyoura-n'lhinwrlnsllup. und 16concypurnsmuncsedlml': . _ . .
Think Drink Mug. Dept. N. £9.00! Bﬂr‘Nsstrlrﬂm 100M heiniunsllsnsldoiise Org

   

 

 

sperhdsd"organicatioh'working 'oh' ‘

s national" level" to promote
' ‘p'c‘sscgc of legislation in Congress,
and ratification by 3/4 of the
's'tstes. ’ " ' A "

‘ Another group, LUV, or Let Us
»Vote, was formed December 20
by students at the University of
the Pacific in California. They
plan to set up volunter campaign
headquarters at colleges and
universities across the country.

The arbitrary age of V 21' for
voting dates back to the dark ages,
and is no- longer valid.418-20
year-olds in this country are
better educated, better read, and
more conscious of the "expanding
world around them. " ‘

Society asks a great deal of
young people in the way of
maturity and responsibility. In
most states, 18-year olds must
stand trial in criminal court; can
marry without parental consent;
can enter into written contracts
and be held responsible; can make
wills and purchase insurance, and
can drive cars.

All these privileges and
responsibilities are given at age or
by age 18—what about the
privilege and responsibility of
voting?

Further, what about the

principles on which our country
was founded?

Many 18 year-olds hold jobs
and pay taxes—whatever
happened to taxation without
representation?

I urge all Albany State students
who care to write their
Congressmen (New York Senators
Javits and Goodell have already
endorsed the idea) to support
Congressional action to lower the
voting age to 18.

The next step for it is to be
ratified by three-fourths of the
states for a Constitutional
Amendment.

That way our elected
representatives can reaffirm their
faith in the youth of America and
achieve action to grant full and
positive participation in American
Government to the young people
who will inherit its
responsibilities, problems, and
challenges in the years ahead.

THURS. 5:39 — 9 pan.
FRI. a p.l'li. slothm.

 

Carol French's column continued
from last Tuesday’s ASP. .
First, Jews 'ar'e collected ,in a.
tiny area of the Middle East, all
too vulnerable should a war such
as in Vietnam erupt there. The
U.S. has bombed Laos and
Cambodia; should it be
"necessary" in a Middle Eastern
war, Israel would not be safe.
Second, by driving the
palcstinian Arabs out of Palestine,
and by acts like the annihilation
'of Deir Yessin by the Irgund,

,Zionists did not originally endear

themselves to the Arabs by who
theywere surrounded. I

The argument is that ,the
Zionists bought the land, and that
the Balfour Declaration gave them
the right to Palestine. But the
people from whom they bought
the land were mostly shiekhs; the
fellahin were driven out.

Another argument is that the
Arab regimes broadcast messages
to the Palestinians telling them to
“come home."

The BBC, which monitored all
airwaves during the period in
question can find no record of
any such broadcasts by the Arabs.
There were a couple of Arab
commanders who warned people
out of battle zones, however.

Finally, the Balfour Declaration
was an agreement concluded with
the British who then occupied the
country and enjoyed a popularity
with the Arabs similar to ours in
Vietnam.

Third, by their aggressive
policies since 1948-49, the Zionist
regime has won no more friends,
but has deepened the
implacability of Arab resistance.
They say that Israel’s measures
have been moved in selfdefense.

I grant, as does the YSA and
the SWP, that the Arab regimes
certainly are not blameless. But
the Zionists have a tendency to
over-react, as for example the
Beirut Airport raid. In the
Six-Day War of June, 1967,
whatever Nasser said, Israel shot
first in a sixday blitz, including
napalm.

Fourth, Arabs see Israel as a
foothold for American interests,
particularly oil. The USSR, of

RESERVE YOUR SEATS NOW!
STATE DUAD PRODUCTIONS

presents

ON A CLEAR DAY '
YOU CAN SEE FOREVER

A New Musical!

starring

Ballrerine. Poluzzi -

Directed by Franklin R. Levy '

 

STATE QUAD FLAG HALL

Friday. March l4 - 7 pm

Friday. March i4 - TO pm

Saturday. March iS - 7 pm - SOLD OUT!

Saturday, March is ~ TO pm - SOLD OUTi
Box-Dillon [Tower East Cinema] - ,

SAT. 6 9m. — l0 p.m.
SUN. ‘6 Prm. — 9 pm.

a r

"The following it"psrt‘ two. of. 1‘

co‘u'rse, pl'ays' strewn little game
the“.  v  .

(By the way, we have had few
agreements with the USSR since
'Trotsk'y was exiled and finally
murdered by Stalin and his goons.
Among the tools Stalin used to
get rid of Trotsky
was—snti-semitlsm. Trotsky was a
Jew.)

We saythat it is high time large
nations quit using small ones for
their own ends, imperialist or not.
We cite the heroic resistance of
the Vietnamese people to foreign
interference, French, Chinese, and
American.

In this situation, the good and
the bad, morally, do not lie on
any one side. The Jews’ desire and
need for safety is valid, but the

Zionist policy can, we fear, have.

only suicidal results for the Jews.

Certainly no Arab regime can
escape censure; for example,
Nasser's anti-Jewish statements
have hardened anti-Arab opinion
and blinded people to the just
claims of the Palestinian refugees.
(I shall deal with the Arab regimes
and the Palestinian Arabs when I
discuss Al Fatah.)

We conclude, therefore, that
the best solution to the Jewish
problem is not the artificial
creation of a Zionist state, but the
abolition of the competitive
economic system which causes
divisions among peoples.

There is an Israeli Socialist
Organization which is seeking to
make Israel into a genuinely
socialist democracy, not a

capitalist state with small islands'

of kibbutzim.

We further conclude that the
best solution for both the Arabs
and the Jews is the replacement of
the Zionist and Arab regimes with
truly democratic and socialist
systems in which the people can
construct a system which will
insure justice to both Jews and
Arabs. (No, we do not mean as in
China and the USSR.)

I have regrettably only outlined
our analysis of the situation and
our solution. In order to fit this
discussion into this space, I have
been forced to leave out many
things which could be said.

Next time, I shall discuss Al
Fatah.

leiiEinlin

or Phone 457-4315

Prices:
.$2.00 - $1.25

 

 

 raring... - “ ~ “

 

 

 

 

* MATNLTNIE

 

By DAN snark, m.

  

     

 

by'rerry Colo-

 

 

 

. The impact of f‘intollsctuslismwon American Life, '

:while impossible to measure, has'undoubtedly grown

in the 1960’s; Perhaps s large portion of the impact

has. been simply the transmission of the intellectual

spirit to American society—namely, the warnings
against intolerance, othnocentrism, parochialism, the
relativity of truth, and so on. I

These preschings have been accompanied,

however, by an increasingly obvious paradox. For

while the preachings have been in the vein of
tolerance, the preachers themselves have become
more intolerant. While “intellectualism” has spread
outward, intellectuals have become narrow-minded.

One should not include in this indictment only the
more obvious examples like" the SDS. Rather, it has
become a quite pervasive, though often subtle and
ghostly, intellectual attitude, extending from one end
of the nation to the other, and to an infinite number
of subjects.

Take, for instance, the general attitude of the war
critics. So very many have claimed—without
qualification—that it is illegal (open to question),
immoral (perhaps), impractical (maybe), and
Johnson’s fault (doubt it).

Perhaps most paradoxical has been the
transmission of the intellectual spirit itself. The
emphasis has seemingly changed, from one where Dr.
X says “try to be tolerant; it has utility," to one

V which says, “he tolerant; or I'll smack ya' in da’

head."

While this is, of course, exaggerated, the emphasis
has, it could be argued, somehow changed. And
perhaps it is due not so much to any inherent change,
but simply because of the growing influence of the
intellectual itself.

After all, egoism has long been a personality flaw

Outing Club Devours Competition

of most intellectuals. And when they begin sashsyingr
among the “common folk" this attitude is likely to
surface. .

Similarly, the human weakness of ethnocentrism is
shared by the intellectual as well as by the "dummies
out there." When Dr. X has patiently studied a social
injustice to which he now has THE answer, and is
called upon to give it to society, he is not likely to
stop and ask if his solution works only on paper.

He is likely to begin his tirade against injustice by
saying, "It is quite obvious. . . ," when in fact, the
"dummies" may not think it so obvious at all.

Egoism, then, based on an underestimation of the
dummies, and ethnocentricism, based on an
overevsluation of them, makes Dr. X a dummy too.

This overevaluation phenomena was amusingly
evident a short while ago when the Saturday Evening
Post announced it would cease publication. Several
"hip" writers and editorialists, suggested that the
failure of the mag was due to its being "outdated,"
not “hip,” not "intellectual enough."

With these quite "obvious" causes of the Post's
demise, however, one commentator disagreed. David
Brinkley suggested that these reasons were not so
"obvious" at all.

In fact, said David, “while I do not pretend to
know why the Post failed, Iseriously doubt that it
was because the Post was not intellectural or modern
enough."

After all, continued David, the biggest mag sellers
on the market are Reader's Digest and T-V
Guide-“nothing very intellectual there." And the big
movie-ticket sales come not from “Intellectual
Overture," but from “Mary Poppins."

Maybe, he concluded, we just ain't all that
invtel-Iec-tu-al. (Amen.)

ice skating, and relaxing sauna

 

by Jane D‘Amico

Albany State took the first five
places in the cross—country ski
race at Camp Dippikill last
weekend. President of the
Outing Club, John Hilgeman,
attributed their success to “a great
crew." He couldn‘t deny,
however, that since State‘s skiiers
were the only participants their
chances of success were unlimited.

The Outing Club sponsored the
race, inviting colleges and
universities who are members of
the Intercollegiate Outing Club
Association to compete. Over 60
schools, throughout the US. and
Canada, were contacted, but
failed to send representatives.

CLASS OF 1970 at ASS OF 1972
$8551?” masroaw
S! or La :1!!!) Andy chslcin
even 2 James R, Cathay
Peter Pauone Thomas LaBarb m
VleliDEm' Jeffrey Panlein
, 08“ VICE PRESIDEM‘
frog Tliemuult Rich Midland”
Bari) GuIT‘RIeER Mm Simmer
NW 3' Barbara Sluari
icy Masher TREASURER
SECRETAR Y
Stephanie Rice gudy AM”
new Levey
CLASS OF 1971 Lucille Riuin
PRESIDENT SECRETARY
Howard Smith Pew Gm“
Richard Wesley Pad ' k
VICE PREle Dale W
Ralph Di Marina ALUIiﬂVI BOARD
George ’I‘um Lind“ Be’da"
TREASURER Anthony Gisele
Michael Gian! James V. Kuhn
Thomas Libbos Mary Mercer
Alan Rosenberg Duncan Nixon
SECRETARY CAN”
Druid Jones . DAM
Tobi Shoch M“ ’69
Bonnie Weathemp

 

 

Members of the Outing Club

cottons non:

For those who fool s particular viewpoint hos 
underrepresented In thls nowsppooor. we will allot space In the four '-

of this column "Vlsltctlons'. Mr. Cole, In a Letter to the Editor oodles!
this turn, stated that there was no fsvorshle comments towards
Richard Nixon In the ASP. The following is his guest column. 3

Throughout the entire 1968* Presidential campaign, the general
attitude of the majority of college students towards Richard Nixon
was one of extreme dislike and distrust. The truth is they didn't trust
“Tricky Dicky.” . '

Though it is hard to lose, don’t discredit the winner. For quite
awile after the election, students criticised everything that Nixon said
or did.

However, time has lessened the intensity and frequency of their
post-election emotions, and most have now realized that President
Nixon is not the tricky, overambitious hawk that they had envisioned.
They have realized instead that he is s very well informed, brilliant
and capable leader who can bring the United States back to the
favorable and respectable status that it enjoyed before the Viet Nam
War.

Students are beginning to, realize the needs of Nixon's carefully
planned approach to healing the breaches of trust and solidarity in
United States—European relations caused by the neglect of the
Johnson Administration. r

People in general are beginning to realize that perhaps we ought to
pay more attention to our allies whorwant our aid and assistance

rather then to force it upon an already defeated country that doesn't
really want it.

Students are also beginning to realize that many of the Nixon
Administration's policies directly have desirable effects upon their
own lives. What college student whould choose the present draft
system rather than Nixon ’5 proposed volunteer army?

A negative income tax could aid the ﬁnancial situation of college
students by supplying them, during the school year, with much
needed money when they can't go out and earn a considerable
amount because of studies. Or would you rather borrow $1000 every
year?

Think back; perhaps many words have been used unwisely and
unnecessarin against Richard Nixon. It is my opinion, as well as that
of many other, that a strong, forceful leader like President Nixon,
rather than a mediocre one like Lyndon Johnson, is what this country

 

Wig.

and spectators (about 40 in total)
took the disappointment in stride
and decided to continue with the
preplanned activities.

Dippikill's facilities were
well—utilized and the farmhouse
and Goodman House were open
to uccomodate skiiers and
spectators.

Those who arrived for the
"Outing Club weekend" on
Friday participated in group
activities and the evening
concluded with group folk singing
at Goodman House.

On Saturday, skiiers took
advantage of the prepared
cross-country course which runs
for approximately six miles
through forested Dippikill land.
Nonskiicrs enjoyed toboganing,

Saturday night lhi- group joined
at the farmhouse for a square
dance. Some remained at the
farmhouse for the night, nestled
in their sleeping bags before the
fireplace; others prefered the
more conventional accomodations
of Goodman House.

Sunday concluded the weekend
with a ski trip to Gore Mountain
for those who prefer downhill
skiing. in spite of the nil
response from other schools to
participate in the ski competition,

baths
the weekend turned out to be a needs.

blast for Outing Clubbers and
newcomers alike.

, Communications

 

News Conference

To the Editors,

On Tuesday, March 4, 1969, there will be a news
conference in the Campus Center Ballroom at 1:00
pm, The Open Campus Committee is the sponsor of
this informative meeting for the purpose ofallowing
the students and the community to understand the
position of this committee on the issue of job
phloement on campus.

Throughout our nation, student protests have
caused a flurry of dissent and discontentment. The
State University of New York at Albany desires to
meet this problem head on, in an intelligent,
academic, and democratic way.

The Open Campus Committee advocates this
method of resolving a problem, and, therefore, will
state their position at the above time,

The news conference will entertain questions for
the news media in order to stabilize the situation on
Campus. We sincerely hope that you will be able to
attend the conference in order to prevent any
repercussions that might evolve if the students and
n. “y are left uninformed.

 

VOTE

DALE I’ADNTCK

Secretary

Class at '72

 

 

 

Remomber Class of ’72

Till TNENNBENN'S

Ville for Him ior PRESIITENTH
llis iiilll IS ill REPRESENT

Till]!

an INDEPENDENT

 

The Open Campus Committee .A Coalition of
Student Organizations-For any further information
contact James Rourke or Rick Burns at 489-7315 or
John Zimmer at 489-6930.

Speno Shock

.'0 the Editors:

I was shocked to read the report in the February
25th edition of the Albany Student Press attributing
to me a proposal to increas tuition to $700 per year.

Let me categorically state that I have not
introduced legislation of any sort relating to tuition
at state universities. As a matter of fact, as the
enclosed release indicates, I have introduced
legislation increasing the amount of scholar incentive
awards.

Additionally, I have introduced legislation to give
the vote to 18 year old youths and to give them the
rights of majority, and have espoused the cause of
youth airline fares with the Civil Aeronautics Board.

I feel that the release of this information is
unfortuante. Since it is not accurate, I would
appreciate a retraction.

Very truly yours,
Edward J. Spcno
New York State Senate
4th Dish-1' 'ct

' All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications an
subject to editing.

 

scutusnc
swim
suntan
mu
continua

Blflllll T'llESS
PTIINTENS

308 Central Ave. Albany
Tele hone HE 4-9703

 

 

 

 

PM or 0mm Emmy
DRY CkEANERS
SHIRT LAUNDRY

' located in Quad tower lounges
Dutch Colonial State

 

~ Mom-Fri. 4pm?” in. Ila-1pm .

 

 

 

 
      

_.., A. R " a. t: r...” “A

 

