    
  
      

M c... ~V~

 

 

 
  
   
 
  
  

 

 

.-.. Jaws, N. NW.

 

  
  
    
   
  
  
      
  
    
 
   
   

.— .A“ ,_. A- ,. AA...“_~.

  

   

 

,w... .._ H _ H ,.v..‘,..5,....
“mud—«ms... -ww.,w

.. I '

Budget Cuts
The originalr‘budgetaubmitted by the University to Governor
v-Rockefellei‘ for approval was cut simply because there is not enough
money to support the mount requested. The university can get along

[withithe budgetasrevised. . a . ’
.  HoWever, further cuts in the budget (5% on the total
' 'ap'prOpriation), would endanger the ability to properly maintain and
expand our university. ‘
It would mean fewer books bought to stimulate the grth of such
essential facilities as the library. In addition, it would not allow the
departments to continue expanding in terms of hiring more
professors. A larger faculty will be absolutely necessary to

. 5 accomodate an expected expansion in enrollment.

' In other words, the outcome of further budget cuts will mean more
students in classrodms instead of less, and fewer professors
proportionately instead of more. The unequal increase in students and

professors will necessitate heavier loads for individual 'faculty

members.

The level and quality of instruction at the university, generally
 ‘ increasing eVery year, cannot improve without appropriations
‘ _ available to pay for rising salaries for both new and established
, faculty members, and professional staff. We must also maintain our

high standards in procuring books for the library.

A great amount of money is necessary to maintain the standards of

achievement and normal operation expected and necessary for an
institution of higher learning.

(The money we pay for tuition is not now used directly to ﬁnance
the operations-salaries, book buyingnof the university; instead it
contributes to “secruing bonds for capital investment", that is, to
finance construction. ).

The recent conference held by Confederated Student Governments
pointed out that a decrease in state appropriations would necessitate
an increa a" in tuition fees paid by the student. The money collected
by raising tuition might be used toward fulﬁlling the continually
increasing cost of operations (because of inﬂation) rather than
maintaining the present tuition fee which contributes only to the
cost of construction. \

We support CSG'S proposal that student governments on all SUNY
campuses organize to circulate petitions and letter-writing campaigns
against tuition increases. Because of the close proximity to our
legislators we urge all students on this campus to call their Senators
and Assemblymen to protest father budget cuts.

We will also support C86 and CURE (Citizens United for
Responsible Education) in their plans for a one week boycott of
classes‘in March culminating in a mass rally in Albany March 19.

We hope that Central Council will condone and aid measures taken
at the C80 conference.

Required Comp?

The English Department (and its Committee for the revision of
Freshman Couses) has decided to retain, as required courses, both
English mo and English “0. Revision of the current form of English
100, however, has already been approved.

Our interest at this point centers especially around English 100, or
as it is more commonly called, “Comp.”

The English Department has acted wisely in revising the course. In
too many cases, it was becoming nothing but a writing exercise, which
students quickly learned to loathe. By the nature of the revision
which consists of designating a basic theme for the entire term’s work
(an example of this is the course that now deals with existentialism).
students may choose what they will be required to write about.
hopefully insuring interest on the part of the student.

Sadly, however, the English Department and the University have
not seen fit to reduce Comp to an elective. This is the real need as far
as students go.

We have been assured that exemption requirements will become less
stringent. The fact is, however, that a course of this type should not
be foisted upon a student, unless he himself feels a need for it. By the
time we reach the University years. we have undergone year after year
of grammar, rhetoric and composition.

In its wisdom again, the English Department removed the required
Grammar Test, in recognition of the fact that it was in no way useful.
They should now realize that 12 years of composition, too. have
brought us to a point where a term course is not a need for most of
us.

If we accept the reason for Comp's continuation as a requirement
as “the need for improving the level of student composition." their
only one course of action seems fair: a pass fail requirement. Why
assign grades in a course that aims solely at improvement? lnequities
galore can arist in the grading of compositions, so it is only right that
a required comp course be given on a pass fail basis.

This would provide for freedom from acadmia’s God, The Mark and
would given sufficiently small weight to the importance of the Eng
100 mark. if we have gotten something out of comp. we will benefit
later; if not, we will suffer in other courses. There is no need to assign
a grad on this level.

It is our hope that sometime in the future the English department
will go further with their revisions. We applaud this beginning; but we
recognize it only as a beginning.

. 1‘ . L

D ITO R l A L r; 0 M M E N T 5  ‘ @dlwa M i” W“- ‘sﬁéw K I

pst a:
“ the fetus

 mesa/iriraariusnv 25. r959

 
     

 

 

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  

 

 

 

Communications

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications are

subject to editing.

Semitic Scare

To the Editors:

The events of the past few weeks on this campus
have had a considerable impact on the shaping and
reshaping of the attitudes of a large number of
students and faculty members by the accusations
that there is anti-Semetic sentiments among students
and faculty. Briefly. the inital responses to these
allegations has been as follows:

1) A large number of people, Jews included, have
disassociated themselves from the flag waving of a
few power-hungry students who under the disguise of
“religious fanatacism" have been trying “hard” to
organize themselves and others in the defense of an
already agressive and cancerous state.

2) Although the initial response of some
uninformed students to these flag wavers was
favorable, however after taking part in any of the
three chaotic meetings of the group, the majority of
these students “got the message" and apparently, left
with little or no contribution toward the fullfillment
of aims of the organizers.

3) The fact remains, that a full and open
discussion of the initial dispute has not yet emerged.
It would be unrewarding to let demogagory pass
away unnoticed nor can we allow anybody to sweep
the dirt under the rug. Basically we demand an open
and full discussion of the aims and purposes of these
organizers.

Obviously some sort of dialogue between the
disputing parties is in order. The International
Student Association has taken the initiative to
facilitate this aim. The representatives of the parties
in dispute, Ahm Yisrael, initially call Hebrew Student
Alliance, the Arab Club, the Young Socialist

published in the “Manchester Guardian Weekly".

John K. Cooley, C.S.M. Correspondent wrotc:

“Eye~witnes.ses agree that men from 16-60 have
been forced to spend hours or days in open
compounds without shelter. One group was
compeled to stand in a shalow lake." (C.S.M. Feb 1‘2.
1968)

Thirdly and for the information of Mr. Rosenberg
Haj-el-Hesseini, whom he claimed to be the ‘leuder'
of Fatah, has none whatsoever to do with llllS
movement.

Fourtth I have a simple question to tlsk. To
whom is M] Rosenberg refering as the rapers of the
Sudan? The Sudanes? of whom I am one. I wonder!
And, who are the tapers of Biafra? Finally, and again
I quote the 2nd article “But let them note what one
Israeli has written and then let them turn to lllt‘lr
faulty hate-filled analogies."!! Indeed Let the
Rosenberg note what an Israeli, a brave independent
Hebrew write, Nathan Chofshi, has written in the
Jewish Newsletter in New York on Feb 9, 1959:

“We came and turned the native Arabs into tragic
refugees. And still we dare slander and malign them.
to besmirch their name. Instead of being deeply
ashamed of what We did, and try to undo some of
the evil we committed, We justify our terrible acts
and even attempt to glorify them...”

A. Babiker
Brubacher Hall

policy statement

It is the policy of the Albany Student Press nut

Alliance, and SDS, and Black Student Alliance wil to print any material of any nature unless it n

be discussing whether there is a difference between “coo

Jew and a Zionist and other related matters.

mpanied by a signature of the author. This mu)

 

be withheld upon request, but no material will in
published without the Editors knowledge of Ihc
author. If you have submitted any such letters or
columns within the past two weeks, you may chum
them at the ASP ofﬁce, and may ﬁll out the rcquiml
information to make them suitable for publication

ASP STA? F

O The Albany Student Press is published twu
times a week by the Student Association of the

Reza Ghaffnr
Graduate Fellow
Dept. of Economics

More On MJ.

To the Editor:
I would like to raise a few points concerning M.J.
ﬁrs);enberg's articles in the last two editions of the

 

Firstly,and I quote his own words referring to ‘Al
Fatnh‘ “its aim is to ‘liberate‘ a country that is not
¢tiherrs dﬂttlid never was" and to support this he
' eman e “name one day in the history when an State Un' ' '
alie‘pfnggrthi’nlestine existed that was not Jewish." office isnl:l:;::d0t: Ne}: york at Albany The Asp

, e sake of argument accept this premise m 00m 382 or the Cﬂmpua
and then argue his way: It is equally true that never center This newspaper is funded by S'A' Tux‘
in the history existed on independent South Arm-3' Editors-In-Chief.
that was not ruled by a white minority. So the blacks Jill R P 'k dt I J W l
in south Africa have no right to 'llberate’ a country ' i an" m , a [man
that is not theirs and never was! The same can be said ‘ New“ Edi!”
about Rhodesia. Auociate News Editor
Secondly: Mr. Rosenberg claimed that “Fatah is Am Editor
betrayed by the ‘occupicd' Arabs," that “the Sports Editor

 

'I‘r'm Keeley
Kathy Huacrnan
Carol Schaur
Jim Winslow

majority of Palestinians of the want bank and the Feature Editor Gary Ge"
gala “VIP” strive to work with the [ﬁraeli Technical Editors Pal O’Hern, BlllShaP“
overnment , In short, suggesting that they are Pilotoeraphy Editor Ed Patshowslli

grateful for this “benevolent occupation." to this I
mercy quote the following: “I had in u AdW '
downs during four years as a Prisoner yo! :r‘araIlS "MM Manager DamelFoxm"

Germany, but the Germans never treated me as The Albany student Press assumes no
harshly as the Israelis are treating the Arabs of can relponelbility for opinions expressed in its
“'IP- "‘9 "WIN"! Of whom are women and columns and communications as such expressions

children." Wrote Michael Adams in a l '
on the “Hiram” 0‘ the Gun mitigating article, do not necessarily reﬂect its Views.

Business Manager Philip Franchini

 

 

 

 

 

The YSA and the SW? believe
that, whilcother causea definitely
contribute, a competitive
‘economic system is the
fundamental necessary cause of
competition between people.
Such competition, we think.
divides people from each
other-divides students from
students in competition for
grades, divides workers fomr
workers in competition for jobs,
etc.

One of the most pernicious
forms of this competition sets up
racial barriers between blacks and
whites, and between other peoples
as well. Of racism, perhaps the
most virulent example in recent
memory is the anti-Semitism of
Hitler's National Socialist party
(the Nazis). (No relation to
Socialism, by the way.)

Naziism arose out of fear
brought on by the total collapse
of capitalism in Germany at the
end of WWI. My father.
bivouacked with a German family
in 1919, remembers that it took a
wheelbarrow full of marks to buy
a loaf of bread.

Another reason for Hitler‘s rise
was the powerlessness of the
German left, which did not
recognize the danger in time to
unite to prevent the Naziis from
taking over.

It seems that whenever people
face extreme hardship, or the
collapse of their system, they look
hard for an answer; sometimes
that answer takes the form of a
scapegoat. This danger Hitler did
not hesitate to pander to, and
after he annihilated the German
Communists, offered the Jews
to the Germans as the scapegoat.
The result of his racial theory plus
capitalism’s collapse was, in 1946,
15,000,000 dead-45,000,000 of
them Jews.

Previous to this, Zionism.
which arose at the time of the
Dreyfus case, was a minority
movement within Jewry. As a-
result of Hitler’s camps, the Jews
rightfully felt they were safe
nowhere. In this we concur, for
capitalism can, given the right
impetus, lead to Fascism; we had
a near miss in the 1950’s and the
Rosenbergs can be considered
Jewish martyrs to McCarthyism.

CSG

in student

from page I col 2

Zilg and about ten other
members of the CURE conference
felt that letter writing campaigns
and petitioning were not strong
enough measures to make the
State Legislators accept student
demands. Since many CURE
representatives had expressed
doubt that their campuses would
effectively strike for one week,
the caucus felt that the group
would become “defunct, even
after the thing is passed."

This caucus felt that the
resources and contacts of SDS
could be effectively used to
emphasize programs and
resolutions reluctantly passed by
CURE.

They felt that SDS contacts
would circulate fact sheets

"IS THERE A DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN A lEW AND A ZIONIST?”
will be the topic of a panel dlcussion to be held
at the Campus Center Ballroom this Thursday.

Feb. 27 at 8 pm.

The groups participating in this discussion are Ahm Yisrael, Arab
Student Club, Young Socialist Alliance, Students for a Democratic
Society, and the Black Students Alliance. It is sponsored by the
lntemational Student Assosciation.

i=1“ i RED HAG

in

In the search for safety after
WWII the Jews began to run to
Zionism. They felt, with some
justification, that the Marxist
movement in Germany had let
them down. Therefore, instead of
looking to the abolition of
capitalism and an end to
anti—semitism, they looked to the
Zionist theory of carving out a
Jewish state in which Jews would
ﬁnally be safe. Ergo, Israel. ,

The point on which we differ
from Zionism is the solution to
the Jewish problem, because it is,
if not an acutal, a potential

*—
L

ALBANY swam rugs:

CAROL FRENCH

 

~Problem in I compﬂtltl" lylum- ‘ One of the reasons why this column has consistently condemned

We see that the Zionist solution ‘
has not made the Jews aafe. '

First, Jews are collected‘in a
tiny area of the Middle East, all'
too vulnerable should a war such
as in Vietnam erupt there. The
U.S. has bombed loos and
Cambodia; should it be
"necessary" in a Middle Eastern’
war, Israel would not be safe.

This column to be continued on
Friday.

 

Greek Power

protests

 

by Mike Rosenberg and Greg Ellsuom

 

 

At the Inter-Fraternity Smoker,
I.F.C. President Pete Smits urged
for better inter-Greek
relationships. We stated in our
first column that GREEK POWER
is constructive on our campus, but
we also recognize the fact that the
Greeks potential is virtually
unharnessed. As individual units,
the Greeks function well. But, in
combining therir abilities even
more than the Greeks did in last
week's Greek Week functions.
Greek Power could be increased
tenfold.

In order to have Greek Power
become truly united, a unifying
process must. occur. The authors
of this column would like to
suggest such a possible process:

We suggest that two weeks he
set aside this spring for a massive
Greek competition and
unification. Competition to create
unification may sound
inconsistent or illogical, but. we
believe that inter-Greek
competition toward a common
goal that would generate
enthusiasm troughout the campus
can bring about closer Greek ties.

The first week of the Greek
Games could be devoted to
Sports. Not the few, poorly
organized contests held at the
Greek Olympics, but team sports
such as football, softball,
volleyball, basketball, water polo,

raise
expenses

covering information which they
felt was porly emphasized by
CURE us a whole. The caucus also
recognized that only SDS could
organize and initiate ii longer
student strike including effective
class boycott on campus and a
massed demonstration in Albany.

The importance of teach-ins
about the tuition raise, taxes,
racial discrimatory implications of
the budget cuts and the
complicated position of the
Dormitory Authority and bond
issues was not adequately
emphasized by the CURE
conference.

At tonight’s SDS meeting this
will be a major topic of
discussion. The meeting will be at
7 :30 in Lecture Room 3.

 

track. Points would be
accumulated during this time
toward the cahmpionship of the
Games. ,

Following this week of fun, the
next week should be devoted to
work on an all-Greek Service
Project. Points will be awarded to
respective fraternities and
sororities on the basis of amount
of work given to the Project in
relation to the size of their
membership. The final night will
feature an nil—Greek Carnival, an
announcement of the results of
the Service Project, and the
awarding of the Championship of
the Games.

We hope that the competition
generated by these contests will
serve to give the Greeks impetus
to make the service project a true
success. Although the
Championship of the Games
award will be given, this should
not be the most important aspect
of the two week period. In uniting
in service to the community and
the university, the Greeks can
become a closer knit entity and
prove the merit of GREEK
POWER.

ALEXANDER, N.Y.
HORNELL, N.Y.
MORIAH. N.Y.

STAR LAKE, N.Y.
WARSAW, N.Y.
LEVITTOWN, N.Y.
NUNDA, N.Y.
RANDOLF, N.Y.
GEORGETOWN. N.Y.
SILVER CREEK, N.Y.
LOCKPORT, N.Y.
CHURCHVILLE, N.Y.
MADISON, N.Y.
HICKSVILLE, N.Y.
HERKINER, N.Y.

 

in the ASP classified ads box at the Information Desk before March 1.

   

student radicals la because their activitiea will inevitably involve the
public sector in academic affairs and the sanctity of the university.

Needleaa to any, the action‘of the N. ,v. State Legislature lut mi.
confirmed this threat. . ' ~. K

In any event, it seems quite sensible to consider a new‘approach to
the problem posed by the radicala. Last week, a auueatlon was made
to the effect that a broad coalition of students should be formed to
actively engage and defeat the radical minority on our compose... '

The radical should be defined not as one who holds radical views
(that is often a path to truth), nor as anyone who promises to “tear
down our institutions" (that may be a good idea). .

Rather, a radical should be defined as an active militant, one who
either uses obvious violence, or who otherwise impedes established
freedoms. An established freedom would, e.g.. include the right of,
movement to and from classes.

The creation of "an anti-radical movement necessitates the
resolution of two problems. First, how can such a force beorganized’l
Second, what tactics and strategies should be employed?

The problem of organization is an acute and immediate one.
Assuming the primary obstacles to such organization are overcome
(last week's column), the question becomes one of organizing the
interested into an active force. Rapid organization on the scale here
envisioned needs a dedicated inner core of organizers, and a
disciplined chain of command.

The coalition should be as unified as possible, and because of the
nature of the organization 's goal, it should be as large as possible.

As for tactics, the first and foremost provision must be that
violence be outlawed. While this is easily said, it will be difficult to
practice. For if the coalition is to activer engage a group using
violence. the temptation to reciprocate in kind will be great.

Active tactics must, therefore, be highly organized and disciplined.
Any form of physical interference, up to the point of actual body
contact, should be allowed. In active tactics, numerical strength will
be essential for success. A thousand members can easily shout down
two hundred shouting radicals; and physical roadblocks become
potent after the first couple of hundred.

Equally, if not more important, will be non-confrontation tactics.
One such strategy, which should be high on the list of priorities, could
be a concentrated program of pressure on the administration to evince
their aid in any and ovary way possible—be it financial support for
publicity, demands for punitive action against the militant, etc.
Faculty cooperation seems also an invaluable idea.

All of these ideas are but skeletal and open to criticism and
expansion. What is important is that some such highly organized
coalition be made.

As has been previously argued, it is badly needed. One hopes that
these words fail not on deaf ears.

GET PAID For Driving Home!

A local automobile dealer wants station wagons delivered
to schools in the following towns. They will pay $10 plus car
expenses for students to deliver them.

RESTOF, N.Y. LODI, N.Y.
WILLSBORO, N.Y. ARCADE, N.Y.
.IOHNSTOWN. N.Y. EAST PATCHOGUE, N.Y.
GOSHEN. N.Y. MARATHON. N.Y.
MEDINA, N.Y. EHITESBORO, N.Y.
FRANKFORT. N.Y. BEMUS POINT, N.Y.
MINEOLA. L.I.N.Y. BERNE, N.Y.
SOUTH KORTRIGHT, N.Y. GLENS FALLS, N.Y.
HOLLAND PATENT, N.Y. FORESTVILLE, N.Y.
MIDDLETOWN, N.Y. BOICEVILLE, N.Y.
MARCELLUS, N.Y. SPENCER, N.Y.
ROCHESTER. N.Y. GOUVERNEUR, N.Y.
I BATAVIA, N.Y. LIVONIA, N.Y.
HOOSICK FALLS, N.Y. HORNELL, N.Y.
WOLCOI'I', N.Y.

If interested, put name, home town, and phone number in an envelope addressed Car deliver)"

 

 

 

 

 

