 

. -..,-,« .

 

-‘ "m me Wv»m.w2ﬁasmw.wWM-ew

  

 

  
  
   
  

  

race a

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

* * THE
ASP

 

  

.5. I.
L

 

TS

 

 

  

meson, ocroasa '21, I969

 

 

 

 

Harriers I’ost Impressive Wins;
Invitational Saturda

by Bob Familsnt

On Thursday the Great Danes
sparked by their best team
performance of the year defeated
New Paltz, 19-41. In winning the
team, with a 7-4 record and just
two dual meets remaining,
guaranteed themselves a winning
season, their eighth in a row.
State's Dennis Hackett led all the
contestants with a rec ord-setting
time of 25 :23 :5. The Harriers’ Pat
Gepfert, Paul Helms, and Tom
Mills finished second, fourth, and
fifth respectively. The distance of
the recs was 6 miles. Runner of
the meet honors went to Tom
Mills.

Saturday in what has got to be

AM

by Mike Schwergert

With only two more games
remaining in League I, APA leads
with a 4-0-2 record. Second place
STB will have a chance to tie it up
when they meet TXO on Tuesday;
STB'a record is 3-0-2. In a three
way tie for third place are UFS at
3-3-0, KB at 3-3-0, and Potter at
3-2-0, which will have a chance to
take over sole possession of third
when they meet TXO on
Thursday. Sixth place is held by
TXO with a 1-3-0 record;
however, they have two games
remaining and can finish in a four
way tie for third. Last place is
held by Johnson Hall with a
dismal 0-6-0 record.

On Thursday KB downed
Johnson Hall 12-0. The KB
offense was sluggish but managed

considered the highlight of this
cross-country season the Great
Danes defeated high-ranked
Colgate 27-32. State runners
placed second, fourth, and then
sixth through twelfth. They were
Dennis Hackett, Pat Gepfert, Tom
Mills. Paul Holmes, Bill Meehan,
Sal Rodrigues, Orville Eacker,
Larry Franks, and Jon Herbst.
Dennis Hackett set a new Albany
State record covering the 5 mile
course in 26:61:6. Coach Bob
Munsey attributed the victory to
what he called "a great bunch of
guys, all putting out 100% plus."

This Saturday will be the third
annual State University at Albany
Invitational. There will be three
divisions, freshman, Junior

IA

to score on passes of 15 and 25
yards. The KB defense completely
dominated the Johnson offense,
holding them to only three
completions in twenty-five
attempts.

Johnson Hall forfeited its final
game to APA', after the wary
they've played all season, it was
the only decent thing to do.

On Saturday afternoon STB
defeated UFS 13-0. The first score
came on an 18 yard reverse and
the second TD came on a
spectacular 88 yard bomb. STB‘s
Larry Meyers turned in the finest
all-around performance in the
league; he completed seven of ten
passes—one for a TD—ran the ball
consistently well, and intercepted
four passes-one more than UFS
completed to its own players.

Boaters

.arsity, and Varsity with over
three hundred runners
participating. There will be over
ﬁfteen teams hoping to defeat
Boston State College, the winner
of the previous two meets. State
finished third both times. The
odds-on favorite in the varsity
division is Ron Stonitsch of C.W.
Post, last year's winner, who is
undefeated in dual meet
competition. Hoping to challenge
him are Skip Menu of Colgate,
Lou Ruggiero of Boston State,
and our own Dennis Hackett, who
won last year’s freshman division.

Both the Varsity and the Junior
Varsity have dual meets with
Adelphi and LeMoyne before
closing out the season.

Offense

The varsity soccer team
traveled to Rochester Saturday to
play a very well drilled and
conditioned RIT contingent and
came away on the short end of a

 

SOPH DENNIS Hackett (right) finishing second Saturday.

...Cantor

Drop 4th to RIT

Still Sputters

l-Oscore.

The contest played on
Homecoming Day, could be called
a defensive battle but a
“non—offensive battle" probably

Sailors Place 1st

by Glenn Faden

The SUNYA Sailing Club won
its first regatta of the season at a
two-day event hosted by the club
this weekend. Participating in the
competition were teams from
Hobart, Marist, Queens, RPI and
Union Colleges. State sailors
moved into an early lead on
Saturday which they held
throughout the regatta. In the
twelve races which were held,
Albany recorded six first places

 

 

HOMECOMING 69
©cit©ib<sr 24-, 25, 26

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 24

Dionne Warwick

After-the Concert

in Concert

Old-Fashioned Pizza Parlor-

SATURDAY OCTOBER 25

Homecoming Parade-
Soccer Game-

Chanpagne Forms

Prime Ribs Buffet Dinner (suggested dress long gowns and
“THOSE WERE THE DAYS"

All tickets on sale

beginning mon. oct. 20

Theme: ‘200l'

SUNY A vs. Stonybrook

dark suits. vuvlrltrilrlrr-sscn acceptable.)

Campus Center Ballroom

C.C.Ballroom

on exhibit in the (Inrnpus Center

C.C. Cafeteria

 

 

and five seconds. Skippering for
Albany were Chris Follows; team
captain Glenn Faden; and Richard
Alweis. Jon Sargaiis and Lily
Winiger served as crews. The final
team standings were Albany 75,
Hobart 65, Union 51, RPI 45,
Marist 43, and Queens 35.

Albany‘s responsibility as host
includes providing facilities and
supervision for the event. Visiting
schools raced in Albany's 420
class sailboats purchased last‘year.
A ten-knot breeze prevailed over
the half-mile triangular course,
making for brisk racing
conditions. Docking facilities were
provided by the Colonic Park
Department. Dr. Donald
Schmalberger, faculty advisor, and
Charles Bowman, former club
Commodore, served as the race
committee.

The Sailing Club is a member of
the Middle Atlantic Intercollegiate
Sailing Association (MAISA). n
student-run organization which
coordinates all regattas.

describes the encounter in better
fashion. There were very few
scoring opportunities for either
team. When the defense was called
on to make the play, they were
there but these occasions were
few and far between. The wind
was a very great factor in the
playing of the game. The ball
would either go nowhere if kicked
into the wind or would travel all
the way (lownfield if the wink was
at the kickers back.

The game was scoreless at the
half and continues this way until
late in the third qurater. With
only one minute to play in the
period, RIT’s fine center forward
Steve Teramy booted in a loose
ball after a mall in front of the
goal. Teramy was an all-cholastic
selection in Rochester for four
years. Aside from this goal, the
Dane’s defense did a fine job
keeping him in check.

Wednesday, State faces
Hamilton College at 4:00 pm.
The westerners, according to
Coach Schiefflin, are a solid team
but are unpredictable.

Thus far, the Danes have had
quite a bit of trouble putting the
ball in the net. They have given up
fewer than three goals per game
but have scored only a littly over
one 1‘ tiltme- hence, an 0-4-2
record.

 

 

PARSEC W/W'Wt

student-faculty contributions for Fall ’69 issue
accepted Campus Center 320
interested in staff or artwork call
Andy Trudeau [356-0484] after 8
questions welcomed

 

 

WHVS A was G/RL
, LIKE you FEEL/N6

 sonar»

£l/ERYM0Nf/7’? 771/473 PREﬂ/STOR/C/

You're nor .1\ mun .rs immi.’ Il \ only rrrnpurnrs.
\uu know. A nmnrhly pruhlr-nl. liur \xlm turn “Ilt‘ll

)rm have that pull). bionic

"Oh. I'm so I.” feeling"!

{FRIEND/“(,4 that's who. TREND/\R'I l. IiL'Ilf keep you
slim .is you are .ill rnnnrh lung, [rs mmlt'rn rirurcrrt
(“slur-reducing) .nunn uinrruis lulllptlrilr) pro-mun-
srrnol weight gain (’I Inn (an be up (U “ poundsli Starr
l.li\lll}.’, 'I‘lll"NI)/\I{ in:1 tiny» IK'IUN.’ I/wl lllllt'VII'II hr-lp

make you look liL'IIL‘l' .irnl lcrl lu-rlcr

fREA/DAR../TMA/r£$ you 61/10 VOUka 6m .7 .

 

 

 

«MW-d4”; Lilla...

   

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, I969 -

ALBANY swarm mass

REPORT or THE AD HOC '

 

  
 

COMMITTEE ON GRADING

BACKGROUND

At its June 2,1969 meeting the Faculty Senate approved a system of mixed grading;
on June 5, three days later, it moved to reconsider. The new discussion made it clear
that to many faculty there were faults in a mixed system, faults in the present system,
and faults in a “pure” S-U system, but most of all that the Senate could not evalutate
the proposals in the form and time submitted. Consequently, they voted to recommit
the matter to the Undergraduate Academic Council, who were asked “to have a report
ready and available to members of the Senate by tem days prior to" the ﬁrst meeting of
the fall. It was to be the ﬁrst item on the agenda.

In response to the assignment given it by the Senate, the Council at its organizational
meeting for 1969-70 (June 11, 1969) agreed to establish an ad hoc committee
consisting of Robert Thorstenson (English, chairman of Academic Standing Committee
1969-70) as chairman, “up to four students, and tow to four more faculty members."
It was hoped that most members would have served on one of the SUNY Albany
groups that had studied the grading question. '

The committee had ﬁve meetings and some informal discussions. This Report,
written by Thorstensen and Collier, expresses the unanimousjudgment of the group.

At least four groups at SUNY Albany have studied reform of the grading system. (1)
The Task Force on Instruction recommended “the abolition of the letter grade system
and its replacement with S or U grades." (2) The Task Force on Academic Regulations
considered several proposals but voted to recommend no change in grading for the
present. Their report noted that among faculty and students there was a good deal of
“enthusiastic support" for a Pass—Fail option. (3) The Commission for Academic
Affairs of the student government strongly recommended a total S-U system and in
March conducted a poll of nearly 2,000 students, of whom over 70% favored pass-fail
grading in all courses. (4) The Academic Standing Committee studied the question
through most of 1968-69, investigating a number of plans for change. They canvassed

faculty opinion on this campus and others, including directors of graduate shcools. on
May 26, the Committee recommended in a ﬁve-page report to the Undergraduate
Academic Council a “Mixed " H-S-U system, to which the Council added a
recommendation for ﬁeld examinations. It was this plan which the Senate was ﬁnally
unwilling to adopt at the end of the year. Still, the year‘s work amountcdto a virtual
mandate for change.

It is clear that during 1968-69 a great deal of attention was given to the grading
problem by many members of the University community, and valuable reports had
resulted. The summer ad hoc Committee on Grading was expected to work primarily
from these reports and supporting documents, not to look for fresh data unless it was
clearly useful and readily acquired; to develop recommendations for the Senate to act
upon; and to furnish the necessary information and rationale.

PROPOSAL
Resolved that:

A. Beginning in the fall term, 1969, all grades for freshman students shall be submitted
to the Registrar as satisfactory or no credit. Satisfactory work is that quality of
academic performance which the institution expects from its students in order to earn
an undergraduate degree. The mark of accredit means that a student has not provided
the instructor with evidence which would justify the grade of satisfactory.

B, Beginning in the fall term 1970, such grading shall be used for all freshmen and
sophomores.

C, The new grading system shall be under continuing observation and review by the
Academic Standing Committee of the Undergraduate Academic Council, which shall
interpret the system, report on its operation, and recommend changes as appropriate.

D. The system shall be in effect until June, 1973.
CLARlFlCATlON OF PROPOSAL

.. SYMBOLS. The expression "all grades for freshman students" refers to grades
formerly recorded as A,B,C,D, and E; the proposal is not intended to affect the special
designations l,W, and Z as currently used. The symbol S, "satisfactory," is now
awarded in graduate seminars, student teaching, and other approved courses
(Undergraduate Bulletin, l969-70, p. 59). The proposal would extend such approval
while preserving the meaning of the term and the convenience of a symbol that is an

initial letter. The symbol N would avoid the pejorative and often misleading
implications of U (‘binsatisfactory") or F("failed"); however, it may be unacceptable u
a symbol, because it now signiﬁes that a course was offered on non-credit balls. Perhapl
NC could be used, or X, but the choice of the most convenient symbols can be
determined by the Registrar in consulatation with the Academic Standing Committee.

4. DURATIQN‘OF EXPERIMENT. Four years provides time for the novelty of the
plan to wear off and for students, faculty, and administration to have gained substantial
experience with it. During the third year the first freshmen under the plan would be
juniors, well into their major ﬁelds and with good perspective on their experience.

5. This proposal does not attempt to answer the question, “What is satisfactory
progress for a student under the proposed system?” The ad hoc committee and the
Undergraduate Academic Council did not feel required to develop the details of policy
in matters of advisement and retention. a normal responsibility of the Academic'
Standing Committee.

RATIONALE

The discussion that follows is intended to explain and support the proposals by
considering the most prominent questions and alternatives.

l.What‘s the matter with grades?

2. Why not a Pass/Fail option 'I

3. Why no “H” for honors work?

4. Would changes occur in evaluation and standards?

5. Would the quality of work deteriorate?

6. What has been the experience of other schools with S-U plans?

2. PRELIMINARY VERSIONS. The proposal is part of the recommendation that
Margaret Farrell’s committee submitted to the Task Force on Academic Regulations in
the Spring. (See the Task Force Report, Appendix II.). Much the same proposal had
been independently developed and approved by the students’ Academic Affairs
Commission in November, 1968. The Farrell committee also proposed gradual
extension to a total S-U system and the development of comprehensive and ﬁeld
examinations. These features appear to have been important in its failing to win the
approval of the Task Force.

We came independentlyto the conviction that the part we offer has the greatest overall
merit and the fewest disadvantages of any plan to come to our attention. We do not see
it as “the answer" to the grading problem but rather as a strong step in the right
direction. I

3. STARTING DATE. The policy should begin without delay. The matter has been
long and responsibly deliberated, there is a strong consensus among students, and there
are no major administrative impediments. We can think of no consideration that would
require or justify waiting any longer.

, CONCLUSIONS

1. The proposal is TIMELY. All over this country, indeed the world, the demand is
urgent for creative change in university education. SUNY Albany has so far
responded creditable to this challenge in many areas of campus life and work. There
is strong consensus that reform of the grading system should be the next step and
strong expectation that it will be. We should take that step now.

2. it is EDUCATIONALLY DEVELOPMENTAL. It extends, signiﬁcantly and
clearly, the scope of the student's self-regulation and urges upon his attention not
the shadow of his education but its substance. It removes a major obstacle between
students and teachers and stimulates fresh approaches to their common enterprise.
Its risks are well worht taking.

3. It is PRACTICAL. It is simple in concept and operation; it is of the right size-
large enough to count and small enough to observe and control. it is dynamic and

properly paced, allowing time for adaptation and coordination within departments.

For all these reasons, the proposal should be adopted.

The questions listed above in the Rationale
will be answered in the

Open Meeting on the Pass-Fail Proposal
8:00 pm TONIGHT

in the Campus Center Ballroom

 

 
 

