 

,, a, .. ﬂ... ALE; «_A..m‘.w‘1~«n,¢

.. ._ .5..-” b.”

  
  
  
 
  
   
   
    
 
 
  
   
   
    
  
 

Comment

Editorial

 

Playing P-F

We had thought that the time for playing games with education at
this University had ended with the proposed adoption of a pass/fail
system.

The proposed system is, rather, a sad imitation of the
education-for-a-degree university we have on our hands now.

Looking through our eyes, we invite you to see your education not
as a tedious horror show but as an adventure in self-development and
self-fulﬁllment. We urge you, in view of this new perspective
(imaginary of course), to take as many or as few courses as you
estimate will satisfy your capacity to learn.

In those courses where you have been motivated (by yourself or
externally) to keep up with the work involved, to produce related
work, to read and pursue your interests within the course- if you have
learned what is interesting and important (by your own standards),
you are successful, you get an S.

if you have not done this type of work in your course, if you have
not learned, or broadened you mental boundaries, consider that you
have not been successful. After such evaluation, proceed to take
another chance at learning in a different course, without having said
failure recorded in any record. You interpret your own abilities,
develop the capacity to judge freely what you are best at, what you
enjoy most.

According to the proposal before Faculty Senate we are to consider
satisfactory work as ‘that quality of pcrformancc which the
institution expects from its students in order to earn an undergraduate

degree.’ ‘thc institution expects...’ What does the student expect?
‘in order to earn an undergraduate dcgrec' v Is this the PUFPOSC of
education?

Our education in other words, still has the same foundation. We are
learning what the academians deem important in order to receive their
degree which is important to no one: terms of evaluating individual
progress or development.

Justification for using the letter N (no-credit) instead of U
(unsatisfactory) or F (from the A-F system) is that these latter
symbols contain ‘pejorative, misleading implications.‘ it is suggested
that the specific letter designating failure be left up to the registrar‘s
ofﬁce.

We protest the designation of academic failures by an individual on
any record anywhere in the university establishment. Who needs to
know what the individual student has failed at. Only he need know.
Without the stigma of failure hanging over him the student will most
assuredly feel more comfortable in all ofhis courses. llis attitude may
more easily lead him to strive toward positive success rather than
negativly away from F,U,N,NC,X or some other ridiculous code.

Another self-defeating element in the proposal is the suggestion
that, for theduration of the 5-? experiment, upperclassmcn in
freshmen-level courses will be graded on the traditional A-li basis. This
would mean that everyone in the class would be graded on this
system, freshman having their grade converted to S-? at the end ofthe
course,

This, of course. destroys almost every advantage (course ﬂexibility,
course emphasis, development of initiative) of the proposed system.
We can only suggest that the decision should have been made favoring
the pure S-U for freshmen rather than the sacriﬁce favoring A-E for
upperclassmen.

These absurdities indicate some of the ways in which the proposal
at hand fails the students. However, it is better than nothing-a better
educational game.

Candidates’ Forum

in order for there to be intelligent voting, we strongly believe that
students running for University Senate should make their views
known to their electorate in this case, the entire undergraduate
community. For this reason, we are opening the pages of the ASP to
the candidates and allowing them to air their views on vital issues
facing the University in the coming years.

All candidates should submit an essay of no more than three
hundred words by 8 pm, October 8th, to the ASP ofﬁce, Room 334
of the Campus Center in order for their views to be published.

The questions We feel are of vital importance and would like to see
answered in those essays are the following:

i. What do you see as the goals of the University? What positive
action would you advocate toward achieving those goals?

2. What is your opinion of the necessity for required courses? What
is your opinion of total Paserail system?

3. What was your reaction to the Trustees' mics and regulations
concerning action to be taken with regard to campus disorders?

4. Should students have the right to participate in the election of
faculty members to University Senate?

No candidate is restricted to arichring solely these questions
However, no articles received late or above the word count will be
acceptable, and therefore will not be published.

We urge all candidates to participate in this vital educational
process; we urge all students to carefully scrutinize the replies
received.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Pages

 

 

Communications

 

 

M YSKANIA & 0ct.15

To the Editors:

After considerable thought, we the members of
MYSKANIA have unanimously decided to endorse
the moratorium on the Vietnamese War of October
15.

We realize it is the right of every student ’0
justify his actions on this day, either by attending or
boycotting classes. We urge all students to boycott
classes, not only for the sake of protest, but to
participate in community and university activities
which are designed to educate the general public
about the Vietnamese War and its impact on the
American society. The fundamental aim of the
university is education and education must extend
beyond the bounds of the university.

Vietnam is an issue which confronts all
Americans, perhaps it is a time for all Americans to
confront their consciences.

blackboard switch

To the Editors:

MYSKANIA ‘7 0

My course in conomics 220 was assigned room
127 in the Education Building but there is no
blackboard. Since this is a course in statistics and
math for econonic majors I must admit that it is
beyond my teaching powers to communicate this
material to the students, however eager they are,
without a blackboard. At great difficulty the
management got two portable blackboards put in
the room but, being portable, one promptly
disappeared. is there ANYONE in this University
who would be willing to swap rooms with me so I
can get going on this course in the manner the
students deserve? I am offering a light, airy room
with accomodations for 35 students on Mon., Wed.
and Thur. at 10:10, but no blackboard, in exchange
for a room at the same time that will hold 30
studean but one that has enough blackboard space
so once in a while I can get themall a place to work
and so I can spread out a few equations big enough
so the students can read them. If you do, please call
me on 7-8680.

Fred i5. Dickey
Econ. Dept,
SS-ii‘li‘l

Violation

To the Editors:

Last Thursday night, Central Council passed a bill
for llll' appropriation of $3001) to l'inunco a trip to
Washington, D.L‘. to participati- in the
demonstration against the Vietnam war. The
manner in which this appropriation was made, and
the obvious refusal of the members of Central
Council to consider the implications of their action,
anti thiI basic issues involved, constitutes a grave
throat to catch studan at this univorsity, for it it did
not establish a dangerous prrct-(lcnt, it firmly
entrenched one.

'l'lnI use of slutlont tax monies to support the
expression of a partisan political, moral, social,
religious, or ethnic viewpoint represents a principle
which stands in direct contradiction to those of
representative government on which. i usaumc, the
student association of this university was founded.
Last Thursday night, the concept of government by
consensus was accepted as a legitimate one by
Central Council. With this acceptance came the
implicit rejection of the rights of the minority, and I

    

refer to that smallest minority, the individual.

It came as no surprise to me that the basic issues
were lost in a fog of glib generalities and emotional
app :als. The “issues” were "defined" as the
“‘.nmorality and inhumanity” of the war. It was
epeatedly asserted that the viewpoint expressed
was not partisan because 2797 signatures (on a
petition that has since been burned), and the
opinion of the “overwhelming majority” of the
student body, indicated support of the trip, and the
demonstration. Finally, in transferring the argument
from a political to a moral context (by simply
denying the political nature of the demonstration!),
there was the implicit condemnation as "immoral,"
“warmongers,” “for death and destruction..." those
who opposed the appropriation bill.

There is only one basic issue involved, and only
one basic objection to be raised against the
appropriation the nature of the student activities fee
and the present manner of usage.

It was very astutely observed the other night, that
there was an obvious parallel between the ways in
which our federal income tax is used and returned
(or not returned) to the taxpayers, and the way in
which the student activities tax funds are used by
and/or for the students. But Thursday night, the
some students who disapproved of the ways their
income taxes are used, received $3000 in the precise
manner in which federal funds are too often
obtained: by the exercise of “moral” pressure to
achieve political ends; through majority rule, i.e.,
rule by consensus; by a total disregard for the rights
of the minority, i.e., individual rights. And just as
these people evade the real problem of the income
tax, so they evaded the real problem of the student
tax: it is a MANDATORY tax, and, by its very
nature tends to have no regard for the rights of the
individual taxpayer.

The claim was made Thursday night that the trip
did not represent a partisan viewpoint. Yet, if there
is one student who disagrees with either the nature,
purpose, means, or ends of the demonstration, then
there are indeed two sides to the question, and the

Continued to page 7

ASP STAFFK

’l‘luI Albany Student Press is published two
times in week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax, The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 457441902194.

Ia'rlitors-ln-Clucf
Jill I’nznik d2 Ira lVol/rnun

 

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Arts Editor

Sports Editor

'l'l'c/init'nl Editor . . .
Assistant Technical Editor . .

Kathy llusernan
Anita 'I'hayer
Dory! Lynne Wager
. .I)aue Fink
.....Put O'Harn
'l‘orn Clingun

Photography Editor . . . . . . . . . . Marty Benjamin
Business Iliunagcr , . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Ribak
Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . . . Daniel Foxman
Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Barry Kirachner

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reﬂect its views.

 

 

 

 

 

Vol. LVl no. 5

      

 

' ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS

All we are

saying is...

 

 

 

Frlddy. October l0; I969

 

Death vigil, march f ‘
planned for Oct.15

by Diane McNamara

Preparations for the October
15th Vietnam Moratorium have
reached a final stage of
coordination and scheduling.
Plans for the Albany campus have
been coordinated by the Political
and Social Positions Committee of
Central Council, and include
various means for expression of
opinion concerning the war.

At 12:01 the morning of the
15th the 24-hour vigil will begin
and the names of those killed in
the Vietnam War will be read. The
vigil will take place on the
entrance steps to the University
between the Administration and
Fine Arts Buildings.

Congressman Ogden Reid,
Republican from Westchester
County, will give an address on
the Academic Podium at 2 pm.

Marchers will begin assembling
at Draper Hall at 7 pm. for the
candlelight march to the Capital.
Extra buses will be provided for
those students coming from the
new campus. All area colleges and
high schools as well as members
from the community at large will
participate. A crowd of over
4,000 is expected. After an
invocation by Father Murphy of
Schenectady, Eugene Nickerson,
Nassau County executive and
Congressman Dan Button of
Albany will speak to the crowd.

Professor Loren Baritz of the
History Department has organized
a program entitled Festival: An
Assault on the Culture of Death.
The Festival consists of speakers,
films, and workshops and is to be
held in Lecture Center 18 on the
afternoon of the 15th.

Beginning at 1 pm. the Festival
will present a number of speakers
and films. Novelist Norman
Fruchter, a former member and
organizer of the New Left film
cooperativa, Newsrecl, will
permiere a film he made on a
recent trip to North Vietnam.
Steve Halliwell, editor of
“Liberation Magazine" and a
former national officer of SDS
will speak about his experiences in
Vietnam.

Leslie Urbach. a film director

 

STUDENTS DO THEIR PEACEFL u NON-THING TO THE TUNE 0F FROZEN MUSIC.

State University of New Yorll at Albany

,' Ir“

Conservatives
contest march

appropriation

by Mitchell Cooke

  

and former president of the
Screen Guild, will percent a film
collage of commercials and scenes
of Vietnam which will accompany
Professor Baritz’s talk on the
“Culture of Death."

The workshops will begin at
approximately 3 p.m. A number
of workshops will be offered on
various topics, and anyone is
invited to give his own on a topic
he feels is of interest and
importance. The workshops are
designed to be the main thrust of
the Festival at d students and
faculty are urged to participate.

The Tri-cities Mobilization has
also helped organize some
activities for the day. A silent vigil
to end the war will be held in
front of the Capital from 12 noon
to 1 pm. Signatures will be
gathered on anti-war petitions all becoming mandatory it is
afternoon AlSO. leﬂl'lElS urging a CONGRESSMAN OGDEN REID, Republican from Westchester increasingly importanl “ml the
boyCOll 0“ Shopping will be County, will speak October Is at 2 pm. on the Academic Podium as money be Spent carefully. By
handed out to area residents. part of Vietnam Moratorium Activities. supporting the Peace March, he

.‘ S tregs on vested interests 9 ::?:;"“.f;la”‘fo"t?§2:22‘t.:.2’::
m Unwers decwwn-making

The money allocated for the
subsidizing of buses for the
November 15th Peace March on
Washington may have to be
returned. The Young
Conservatives Club met Tuesday
to discuss what steps could be
taken to have the money
returned.

It is the contention of the
Young Conservatives that the
allotment of the $3,000 is legally
unjust and a moral outrage.
According to Bob Iseman, it is an
infringement upon the rights of
the students who don't agree with
the philosophy behind the
protest.

With the student activity fee

It was also brought up that in
the event of injury to any of the
students, the Unveraity and the
Student Association were running

else’s political and moral beliefs.
Ur. Finkelstein, an associate
by Eric Retzlaff

“Although the faculty have
become involved (in University
decision-making), I find too
much of what I consider a
stress on vested interests.”

This remark by Dr. Alfred P.
Finkelstein , chairman of the
executive committee of the
Faculty Senate and vice

professor of chemistry, added
that he thinks “there‘s a good
chance" students will act “on
principle" rather than for the
sake of “particular interest
groups."

A Changing Organization

The addition of 33 students
to the Senate is the result of an
evolution in the organization
that may not be over.

an educational policy the risk of a lawsuit. The

com mi ttee--were merely
advisory.

When the senate was formed,
it took on an initiating and
recommending role-~a
nonvpnssive posture.

Chairmanships of
committees and councils
became elective rather than
appointive posts and were
opened to faculty. The four

possibility that a waiver could be
signed by the students going on
the demonstration would not be
valid since most of the students
are under twenty-one.

A petition is being circulated

among concerned students asking

the Central Council to revoke the

appropriation given to the
Political and Social Positions
Committee.

pre-senute committees had been
headed by appointed
administrators.

Students are also going to refer
this dispersal of funds to the
Student Supreme Court, and they
hope to have the Central Council's
decision invalidated. It is their
contention that, according to bill
6768-73, it is illegal for the
Council to support a partisan
political group. Two years ago
when YAF was given a $60
appropriation, it was rescinded
because of this bill.

chairman of the Faculty
Senate, was made in a recent
interview with the ASP.

The senate, some students
will remember was set up in
 Dir‘feK'endn“ V   President Kusisto, according

‘  p 0 550!“ was I,“ "‘5 to Dr. Finkelstein, has not let
executive committee chairman. .

U n the new centralized

before that, commented . t

, , ,, organization go to waste.
Dr. Finkelstein, there were .. - a -

, , He is really stimulating the
several councils, some of which f h f l -
have been carried over in some us? 6 t 8 ac” tymacuvely

using the mechanisms and

of the senate councils "
.1 , , , _ ' d ‘ t t ' i
I feel that students have got The councns before the gziﬁiizf‘bm:kinghﬁ agindtc II‘Der

Dr. Finkelstein termed the
Faculty Senate move to include
students as a third of the
senate's membership is
“significant one and I think a
good one and a desirable one."

the University outlook " a Emma's establishment .

. ‘ v . --graduate Finkelstein . .. .
concern rm, tithe university as a and undergraduate academic “In the 'past in general “nd thifg‘i’llcl:;1 p‘i’f“:b':flky' 1‘1): bOlVan
Whom councils, a faculty council and ' ' u b D d L e cm‘e “3

now, most of the time, the Civil Com-L Mr, Stein und ML
president has accepted the
recommendations of the
Faculty Senate.”

Senate responsibilities have

Kimberly, both attorneys for the
University, said that in their
judgment, the allocation of
student funds for the purpose or
in c r c a so d to in cl u d 1.- political extra-curricular activity is
participation in the formulation illegal. Mr. Stein bulicvns that legal
and execution of the university in us would a m o u nt to
budget. approximately $300.
If taken to court, YCl" said that
Let Students In they would try to obtain a
The senate didn‘t wult long sliow-cuuse order, prohibiting the
to permit a student voice in mobilization of the money.
senate affairs. In I967 tln- According to Mr. lseman, taking
the case to court would be “most
beneficial in the end."

executive committee directed
that students be included in
standing committees. A year
later students were allowed to
participate in senate councils.

Dr. F‘inkclstein suggested
that theI senate may eventually
grow into an all-university
senate, including groups
presently not part of the
picture--such us ucudomic
counselors, technical specialists,
graduate touching nnslstunla and
resident hull counselors.

In those few short years of
rapid internal growth, the
senate has left its imprint on
the university,

Continued on page 7

University Senate

The elections for University
Senate will be held on October
21,22, and 23 from 10-5 pm. in
the Main Lounge of the Campus
Center. There will be a Candidates
RAlly on Oct. 16 from 9-11 pm.
in the Campus Center.

All candidates and students are
strongly urged to be present at the
rally. The list of where each
person will be located will be in
Tuesday’s ASP

...potakowslzi

 

 

