 
     
  

  

99-- “NANA .. . ._. - a. ‘,.._.\_AAA. , ,_

 

.. .‘ Arm. ﬁAbA~.;~..m.e-W_A~q .. .

 

 

Editorial Comment

Go ‘ Now!

WHY ARE YOU STANDING HERE READING THIS?
DEMONSTRATE YOUR CONCERN WITH CUNY, FOR YOUR
EDUCATION, THIS AFTERNOON, CAPITOL BUILDING. .

i It seems that the legislature is about to screw us in more ways than
one. The current issue, raging on all campuses in the 'state, is one of
money for the improvement of our education.

' Money, by itself, however, cannot improve education. It takes
active participation by alert students. » '

The danger does notlie strictly in the lack of money. It lies in the
lack. of education, irregardless of money. The two elementsshouid be
exclusive of each other. More money, in other words, does not
necessitate better education and it hardly necessitates more education.

It is the latter, howeVer, that is the likely result. This University. we
are sure, will continue along the same mediocre pattern it has pursued
in the past, perhaps with greater or lesser energy (directly
proportionate to legislative appropriations.)

Faculty will go on getting higher salaries for specialized research
projects (609 grants and fellowships were approved this year for such
projects) totaling $1,431,172. Faculty Senate will go on heating the
heart out of innovative programs for this UniVersity.

The majority of students will continue to vegetate allowing
administration to innovate and make all decisions concerning our
education.

These are things money cannot rectify. Money only means more of.

the same.
Pass-fail

If you are afraid of meaningful education, then it is understandable
why you would be against the newly proposed full Pass-F ail system. If
your academic horizons are no broader than wondering how you can
best gain entrance to graduate schools, then it is easy to comprehend
why you are afraid of change in the grading technique.

But if you yearn for meaningful education—if you are searching for
real knowledge instead of the garbage that we so gladly swallow
today, then it is your responsibility to examine the Pass-Fail proposal
tonight in the open meeting at 8:00 pm. in 58256.

We cannot explain more eloquently the reasons why the Pass-Fail
system is desirable in its entirety. than Dick Collier has done in the
recent issue of AAC's publication. Read that. Digest it.

But we can urge you not to shy away from radical change. simply
because its scope frightens you. We are convinced that Pass-Fail 'will
bring renewed understanding of what education is. and a renewed
meaning to knowledge—if we adopt the measure put forth for full
implementation.

However, if the student body is frightened by real change and
moves to the comprimise (a poor one, indeed). then all will be for
napght.

Here we have an opportunity to rise far above academic mediocrity.
We can attempt something'so radical that it may frighten away some
students. But its virtue lay not in its radical nature. but in the profits
the student body will reap. We can create an academic atmosphere
which might, for once. aim at understanding and not at Quality
Points. An atmosphere which motivates incentive for study—not
incentive for marks.

We urge all students who are fed up with digesting a text and then
regurgitating its contents, to examine the beneﬁts of Pass-Fail. We
urge only those students who want a quality education that will have
true meaning for them~and not those whose goal at this University is
merely a BA or a BS—to learn. think and reflect over the merits of
Pass-Fall.

We then hope you will see that complete Pass-Fail is the best way
to acadetnic freedom. Vote “Yes” in the poll Wednesday through
Friday.

Open Visitation

Central Council passed a bill Thursday night requesting
reconsideration of the Open Visitation Policy that is not in effect yet.

This original LAAC proposal is coming bcforc University (‘ouncil
Thursday for ﬁnal approval. It would have a 2/3 majority of the
individual dorms decide its hours, within which a 2/3 majority of each
section can decide its hours.

The new Central Council bill mandates that each hall have a 24
hour 0ch Visitation Policy within which each suite may decide its
hours.

This new bill allows much greater individual decisionwmuking and
we admire and condone its liberaiity. however, it comes at a very
inopportune time.

Central Council has only added. by passing a second bill, to the
confusion surrounding the original LAAC proposal.

Have no fear, however. for this second bill must travel the same

 hierarchical route as the first which means that it would not come
before University Council until their next meeting (next month) after

the first bill has been passed.
In future editorials and news stories (see pagc2i we will deal with

I this resend more substantial and virtually ideal bill.

  
  
 

   
 

(rm f, 
.4

    
 
 
 

Flt

I y
\‘T 'l;

 

 

 

f
l r///////,;,\ ,

 

a, .l
is f.
3.95 3:151
J l
l rﬁ a

llllt. \ln  t,

. \
73" 71a make

THE HIGH ACHIEVER IS MORE SUCCESSFUL

H.
a 7 built \‘y Ml”

"Hm    

. “W
- ' 'll t l , 1 E” \‘\\\\\\\\\\\\\\s.

IN HIS POST COLLEGE CAREER THAN THE

THAN THE AVERAGE STUDENT WHEN IT COMES TO PLAYING ‘THE GAME’

 

 

Communications

 

‘All communications
editor and must be
subject to editing.

Voice Your Concern

To the Editors:

It' is obvious to state that the student body of the
State University consists of many potential and
present voters. As such, they have some power to
say whatheppens in this state and country, and now
is the time for them to use a little of this power.

The most direct way for studetns to exercise this
power would be to write their state legislators and
voice their concern with the proposed budget cut of
the State University. Chancellor Gould's statement
on the effects of this cut. (ASP, March 14) show
only too well its detrimental effect on the quality of
education which students will receive in the State
University system. It. should be noted. at a more
personal level, that this could effect the value of the
degrees granted by the system.

For the students who care (whatever their
reason). there will be a map of New York State,
showing districts and a key to legislators of these
district. Students could also write letters to the
Ways and Means Committee of the Assembly and
the Finance Committee of theScnate. Including
one's home address. rather than school address,
would be a practical thing to do.

Mary Anne Stephens

Popular Elections

To the Editors:

Iiccauso ol‘ thr- results of the March 10 petition
concerning the popularization of elections for the
president and vice-president of central council (800
signatures app.) a bill will he proposed to central
council in the immediate future. It will in essence
state:

1) persons running for president must be an
incoming junior or senior '1.) persons running for
vice-president must be an incoming sophomore,
junior, or senior 8) both must have a 2.0 cumulative
avvruge 4) both must have paid student tax 5) this
bill will he placed on a referendum for the student
body's consideration immediately.

The central council elections for representatives
are going to be held near the end of AprilI and due}
to constitutional secalton 4 a and b the student
body is going to have no direct voice in the choosing
of its executive. The only way for revision of
section 4 adrb is through a referendum of the
student populous, If central council will not allow
this bill to be placed on a referendum for your

approval or, disapproval the student body’s opinions

i.

i

must be addressed to the

signed. Communications are

and convictions will go untried and unheard for
another year.

Respectfully submitted
Greg Thompson

Passover Invitation

To the Editors:

1 would like to extend the following invitation to
the University Community:

Passover is an eight-day festival recalling the
Exodus of the Jewish people from Egypt. and their
redemption from bondage. The first two nights are
celebrated with family and frelnds about the table.
participating in an elaborate feast called the Seder,
in which the story of the Exodus is reputed, with
symbolic embellishments.

You are cordially invited to attend a model Seder
on Sunday, March 23, at 4:30 pm in the Campus
Center Ballroom. To facilitate organization, please
RSVP to Box 369133 by University Mail, or phone
Perle at 8821. We do hope you can attend.

Sincerely,
Bnui B‘rith Hillel Society

LS? STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of tht
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
office is located in Itoom 382 of the Campus
Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.'I‘ux. The
ASP was founded by the Class of 1918.

Editors-In-Chlef
Jill R. Paznih & Ira J. Wolfman

 

 

 

Tint Keeley

Kathy Huaeman

Carol Sehour

Jim Winslow

Pat O'Hern. BilLShapac

News Editor
Associate News Editor
Arts Editor

Sports Editor
Technical Editors

Photography Editor Ed Patshowrhl

Business Manner Phlli anctii t
Advertising Manager Daniel Foxmann
Feature Editor Gary Gait

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed “in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

 

     
 
 
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

:1

 

 

‘  «'li,l‘,‘€§s’iwf

 

Vol. L‘v‘f fion .g 
University Council!

approves reforms

Educational Program on reform: begins next week

By T W Keeley News Editor

The University Council approved the proposed Campus Alcohol
Policy and Change in Residence Regulations which were presented by
President Evan R. Collins yesterday. The decisions were part of a
three hour meeting between Collins and the body legally responsible

for the University, chaired by J. Vanderbilt Straub.
Following the meeting, Dr. Clifton C. Tho'rne. Vice-President for
Student Affairs and Straub were interviewed. lbwmvealed that the

Council discussed two pertinent issues before voting on the alcohol '

policy. “We were concerned about the neatness problem,” Straub
noted. “We would like to see that the continuance of good
housekeeping is a part; of the educational program.” Thome rejoined
that “It. is important that the campus does not become like many
areas of the countryside, littered with beer cans."

The second consideration of the Council was the legal responsiblity
of age. New York State requires an individual be 18 years old to
consume alcoholic beverages." I was surprised when Dr. Thorne noted
that as many as 25% of the freshman class enters under the age of
18," Straub commented. “The policy was approved on the
assumption that we are dealing with responsible people."

In approving the changes in residence regulations, Straub
remarked,“The degree of responsibility exhibited by students i‘n the
past has caused us to act; favorably toward changes in such areas. Now
that the policies have been approved the educational process is the
next: step. On March 24, 25 and 26 members of the LAAC-Residence
Staff Education Committee will meet with Residence staff and
student committees to explain the new alcohol plicy and the
responsibilities which go along with it. Topics will include minority
rights, personal responsibility, and laws concerning minors.

Then immediately following Easter Vacation there will be residence
hall meetings where rage topics will be discussed and voting will take
place in each hall on”'adoption of alcohol. Each suite will receive a
copy of the policies and guidelines governing alcohol. This policy will
go into effect as soon as this process has been completed.

The educational program covering the changes in residence
regulations will begin at"“these meetings. However, the complete
program-willnotbe. finished until later in the month of April.

Part of the educational process is familiarizing the University
community with the recommendation of the Committee to Draft
Campus Alcohol Policy. Their recommendation as approved by
University Council is edited here.

The Committee reiterates its belief in the appropriateness of
alcoholic beverages in those areas that can be considered a natural
component of the living.areaa of the students. The Committee
recognizes that the grass areas adjacent to the quads are used by
students for relaxation and recreation and feels, therefore, that the
“bring your own” concept is
indeed appropriate. Further, the
Committee chose to deal‘With the

more positive aspects of the
“bring your own" concept and to
leave other aspects to the channels

Proposed budget

already established.
The Committee believes that:
Physical Education areas and By Pat Mchhan

After the first shock of
Chancellor Gould's statement to
the Legislative Fiscal Committees
began to subside, a new and more

playing fields, parking lots and
those external areas immediately
adjacent to theAcademic Podium,
and all areas outside the boundary
drawn by the P‘ﬂ‘imeter mild horrible specter became apparent
should be excluded from these as the impncauom of the
l’Gcommﬂndﬂl-lonﬁ- proposed legislative cuts began to
Please turn to p 2 col 3 “new,

i i

l i" ‘ TI!!! ALB‘stY SWMﬁfg‘A‘U’ILO‘NdAJ‘DE'D

th UN rnarchen Tueada new en ti o

legidl. ctor-v. Monday the ASE will deacen upon the Capitol to voice
their concern over the proposed budget cut.

Photo by Potakowid

   

 

 
 
      

  

. .

"‘ . n . \- ,‘ , . , _
13.000 CUNY AND SUNY STUDENTS swept down upon the Capitol

State University of New York at Albany

 

lawns Tuesday to protest the budget cut to education.

Photo by Ritter

Studean meet Rocky
in save SUN Y effort

by Steve Chemiske

On Wednesday. student
representatives from all SUNYA
colleges met with Governor
Rockefeller and legislative leaders
at the Capitol. The meeting with
the Governor lasted about. an
hour. Many important points were
raised including the fact that
expenditure per student last year
amounted $3,095 and this year
will be $2,947 for an absolute
decrease of $148 per student.

Rockefeller defined the
dilemma he faces. After this
legislative session, New York State
will have the highest total tax of
any state in this country. He sees
’this as a dangerous position,

cuts

Albany future is .h-leak

In a recent. letter to Speaker
Duryea, twenty-four distinguished
SUNYA department chairmen
indicated that the future for
Albany is indeed bleak under the
proposed budget cuts: “But the
budget bill currently before you
will make our assignments
impossible to carry out.

“It Would not merely slow our
progress; it. would take us a step
back from where we are now. In
our particular situation. that
might. prove a fatal blow to our
future development.

“The programs We are now
attempting to develop would lose
their momentum, our national
image as an institution marked for
imminent distinction would be
ruined. and the indispensable
recruitment of quality faculty for
our urgently needed graduate
programs Would be aborted.

“We would forfeit our
credibility in the academic world,
and our hope of achieving
distinction would be foreclosed
for the foreseeable future.
Eventually the State of New York
would discover that it is far more
expensive to repair damage
already done than to maintain the
momentum of progress."

Dr. Robert D. Allen, renown
biologist and chairman of the
DOpartrnent of Biological Sciences

Please turn to p 2 col 5

especially because business has
started to leave the state. He
mentioned that education costs in
NY have doubled every six years
and SUNY still holds top priority
as far as expenditures go. The
only optimistic statements made
concerned long-term hope for
increased federal funds.

In the next meeting with
Assemblyman Will Stevens and
Senator Warren Anderson, we
again emphasized strongly how
critical the situation will be. On
this campus for instance, just
when security should be expanded
there will be no additions to the
police force. They were very
receptive to comments and said
they hoped things would not be as
bad as current figures indicate.
When a question was raised about:
the effect of the tax increase on
the poor as compared with the

scorpotatell 'x they said that it

would be easier for the poor
family to face a 1% tax hike than
to suffer unemploymnet because
business has moved.

In the subsequent meeting of
all the student repusentatives it
was decided not. to hold the mass
rally on the capitol on Monday
primarily because the reasons for
the march had been realized, Le. a
confrontation with Rockefeller
and the legislators. The
representatives also felt that such
an action would have a negative
effect and that it. would also be
too late. We did agree on the
importance of the letter writing
campaign and it was recognized
that Chancellor Gould and other
administrators have been making
substantial efforts. both formally
and informally to save SUNY.

Members of the Albany
Student Coalition, agreed to go
on with the march for a number
of reasons. Considerable student
and faculty support indicates that
a significant demonstration can be
organized from this school alone.
And we will still receive nominal
support from other SUNY
campuses. It was also felt that a
demonstration Monday would
show both the letter writing
public and the legislators that all
the students here are genuinely
concerned with their education
and the futum of present high
school and underprivileged
atudentl.

Friday. a...» 2i. i969.

  'V  

 "go ' on;

by Valerie Ives
Staff Reporter

Announced at the teach-in
yesterday was that the march '
scheduled for Monday. March 24,
la deﬁnitely going to be held.

The turn-out for the teach-in,
at which several faculty and
administration members spoke
about the consequences of the
proposed budget cuts, was fairly
large, and the speakers were well
received.

Bill O'Kain of the Young
Socialist Alliance spoke- ﬁrst
about the reasons for holding the
march. It; is necessary that the
legislators be impressed that the
students aren't going to sit back
and not do anything about the
situation, he asserted.

A call-off would show a decay
of the uniﬁcation and strength of
the student body. Also, all the
publicity is already out, including
letter to parents. Furthermore,
some teachers have already shown
a willingness to cancel classes,
O’Kain went on to say.

Ed Golash of the Peace and
Freedom Party talked about the
need for changes in the tax
structure. The proposals for
changes include: a progressive
income tax. a restructured
corporate income tax, and
abolishrnent of the personal
property and sales tax.

Mr. Robert Stierer, Assistant
Vice President for Management
and Planning. spoke about the
budget situation of the University.
The expenditure ceiling for the
upcoming year is about 26
million, an increase of only about
one million from last year’s.

There is a big problem of
spreading funds over required
expenditures. It is hoped that
more funds will be provided for
some new programs. As it stands
now, there will be some
improvements, but no allowance
for growth patterns.

Charles Brown, from the
steering committee of SDS, spoke
about recruitment and military on
campus and its relationship to the
budget cuts. He also stated the
need for changes in the tax
structure.

Richard Myren, Dean of the
School of Criminal Justice, spoke
about. the direct impacts of the
proposed budgets cuts. There will
be less money for programs,
teaching losses, fewer courses to
offer graduate students, and a
library cut.

For the faculty there will be a
greater work load, less research
opportunity, and less assistance.
He said that the image of
excellence of SUNY is in danger.
Good people will be lost because
of the money situation. Also, we
were just now becoming
competitive for outside support.

Peter Miller of the
Anthropology Department spoke
of the deplorable teaching
situation, lack of space. and how
it will be even worse next year.

a student-faculty ratio In about
3 0 to 1 for next you in his
department and others, and there
are no allocations for new
positions.

Mr. Donald Whitlock, Director
of Financial Aida. noted the
effects of the cute in this one. It's
possible that the interest on loans
ma he Increased to 1%. 'I'horo

y Please turn to p 3 col 1

 

 

 

 

