«vs-Mew. w m... «An-.1. '\.. mu. News /~ «Am-qwﬁéwms

 

- , 'tingve‘ltoice'ofvo‘ting for

‘ _ I ting  for'vthoee candidates they
happened‘to hear about. orno voting stall. ,V " ' . '

z ‘ The Housingofﬂee did not complete next aei‘rteeter’a residence

,' "an lne‘itough  for it to be' printed in thelASP'before elections.

l'l'hb cannot happenzagein for it lathe reason Why no one knew who
 from where. , ' 'r  * . ' . 
liven if we had known who the candidates were, it'would be
presumptuous to beliebe any of them could represent those who voted
for them. No one knows what any candidate represents. We believe
that many of them do not know what representationis. ‘

. . At the very moment that students here are developing some sort
of awareness of current issues, there was no effort by the candidates
to articulate these issues. This sad story, repeated every year, gets
perpetually worse.

The newly-elected Central Council must rewrite the election bill
so that future candidates for that institution are required to present
and discuss their views with the other candidates. If the nominees do
not meet this requirement they should not have the opportunity to
run for ofﬁce. What good to anyone is a representative who does not
know or reveal to his constituents what he represents?

The intelligent voter was mocked and affronted by the present
ludicrous set of circumstances. The overwhelming majority of
candidates, by their silence, have already proven themselves
unworthy of the position for which they nominated themselves.

This mockery of democracy can not persist forever. While it does,
an inﬂexible, irrclcvent uncommunicative and unrepresentative
government is the result, beneﬁtting no one and meaningless to
everyone. ’

Council’s Failure

The members of Central Council reaffirmed their lack of faith in
the student body last night. An attempt to present the proposal for
popular election of President and Vice President of Central Council to
a referendum as part of the newly proposed Constitution was
destroyed as members again voted to table the proposal.

The basic question here is not the merit of the proposal for direct
election of officers. It is far more fundamental than that. The
question posed is a dual one: Firstly, does Central Council have the
right to determine thewhether or not students are capable of electing
their own ofﬁces directly and Secondly, do students care enough
about their rights to show some concern about this attempt to deny
them?

We strongly disagree with Council’s attempt to deny students their
voice in determining government policy.

Student concern is another question altogether. If you do
care about having a say in the body that determines University policy,
then take an active concern; acquaint your representative with your
views; for God's sake, communicate! One great failure of Council has
been its lack of communication with the student body. Do you care?

Campus Unrest

Across America today, most people see stability as the ultimate
goal of this society. A good government is a stable government;
(except when that government is communist) a stable society is 'a
good society.

It is therefore, no wonder that widespread panic and fear have now
been aroused by the upheavals on college campuses. Americans view
with distaste any attempt to change the status quo  especially when
they feel that the existing conditions are leading to the American ideal
 “success.” “College is a place where, if you study and be a good
boy, you'll make lots of money when you get older."

Students have rejected the traditional, and legislators find this
grounds for rapid movement. Legislation is passed .which aims at
retaining the somewhat shaky traditional standards. The legislators
aim at removing the symptoms of the decay of the educational
system.

As has become customary in this nation, the public and the
legislators have attacked the surface manifestations of the problem
facing them, rather than looking into the crux of the problem--its
root. “Law and order" must be preserved; society’s basic fabric must
remain untouched.

So it may;So then, too, will the causes of the problem.

With all this in mind, it was with mixed emotions that we heard of
Senator John McLellan of Arkansas being appointed as head of a
newly created committee to delve into the causes and roots of campus
disorders. It is our earnest hope, although we are pessimistic from the
outset, that this committee aims to find out the why of disorders,
rather titan the how involved in stopping them.

There is little to make us believe that there will be any attempt to
actually come to grips with the problem. Tito American public has
panicked; they want a swift, sure, panacea for the disease currently
afﬂicting the campuses. not a painful, slow reexamination ofthc
priorities and functionings of the Educational System. Of course.
what really is needed is the latter.

America...open your eyes wide. Pushing problems below the surface
ricer little but give them added impetus when they are ready to fully
explode. "y

‘*

TA; Sc‘oe/ ’OSes

av stave, toss ‘ .1 7

WM '

and/Aer " 

Communications

 

All communications must be dddroued to the
editor and must be signed. Communication: on

lubjcct to editing.

Brother Paul Speaks

To the Editors:

An important element has been left out of the
public discussion over the non-renewal of the
contracts of two Psychology Department faculty
members. Throughout the chaotic two weeks the
Department and it's chairwoman have been singled
out for contempt by the involved undergraduates
and the ASP. In their ambition to have the contracts
of two faculty members renewed, the students have
not recognized that the actions of the Psychology
Department are sanctioned by every department
and the administration of the University. The
process which was employed to reach a decision
about the two term contracts involved was the same
process employed by all departments of this
campus, as approved by the administration.

Tenured faculty of each department confer only
among themselves and then give their
recommendation to the administration for a
decision.

The question of an error in process by the
tenured faculty of the psychology department
should not raised, Instead, the University policy
should be questioned, and this is not happenlng.
The Faculty-Senate of the University should be
called upon to express their opinion on the process
of contract renewal and to enter into discussion
with students to reach an equitable solution.
Regardless of how the issue will be resolved in the
Psychology department, the important question
over process will still be outstanding.

Paul R. Nathe
‘Sailor’

To the Editors:

My complaint is so small that I think most people
tend to overlook it. Yet. I am sure that everyone on
campus has come into contact with it.

Correct me if I am wrong, but. isn’t there a law
against dogs in public eating places? Or to be more
specific why is that ugly monster called “Sailor”
allowed in the Snack Bar and Dining Halls? 1 don't
like the idea of that dirty animal roaming around
the kitchen areas or staring me in the face, barking
for food, wltilc lam eating.

I called Security and asked them the some
question. According to them, they can not keep the
dog off campus because he can't read slgnn telling
him to keep out. Since they know who the owner is,
why don't they tell him to keep that dog of!
campus, or else we will, permanently.

Must we wait until he bites someone or leaves
his shit In the mlddle of the kitchen floor before
action is taken?

Yours truly,
Ronald Simmons

Value of SA Tax

To the Editors:

It. would be idealistic to assume that students
elect to pay the Activity Fee out of a sense of
communal responsibility. But unfortunately, most
students who pay the tax are motivated by the
opportunity to save money at concerts and
productions, gain access to expensive equipment,
and get a free Torch or Primer. The student's
expected financial return from his investment is
often the criteria for his decision. If idealism
prevailed, the student would think of the tax as a
contribution to the community and consider a
winning basketball team or a reputable concert band
just compensation.

These organizations, funded by student tax, seek
to bring credit to the University community by
doing their utmost in their individual endeavors.
They represent all students. If students are not
aware that they are being represented, much of the
blame must lie with the ASP. From my own
experience I know that the ASP has made little
effort to find out how a “frill” like the sailing club
favorably represents the community by successfully
competing in numerous regattas, often under
adverse r onditions.

Surely the ASP, itself supported by tax, has an
obligation to report the value of such organizations
and to guarantee their future survival by urging a
"yes" vote in the referendum.

Glenn Fadon
Commodore, SUNYA Sailing Club

Communications continued, page 7.

 

 

STAFF

times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at. Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the.
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by SA.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of HMS
The ABI’ phones are 457-2l‘.)0,2194.
Editorii-In-Chief
Jill It. Paznlh «it Ira .I. Wolfmun

News Editor
Auociota News Editor
Artr Editor

Sports Editor

Feature Editor
Technical Editor!
Photography Editor
Bueineu Manager
Advertising Manager

'I‘irn Kculcy

Kathy flucernun

Carol Schour

Jim Winslow

Gary Gait

Pat O'Hcrn, Bill Shame
Marty ueru'anun ‘

Philip Franchlnl

Daniel Foxmun
The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed In its,
columns and communications as such expressions

1L0 not necessarily reﬂect it.» view

 

’I‘ho AlbanyNStudcnt Press is published two.

 

 

 

Vol.tV no. @ (r 9/5

Wright Chairs

Afro-American

Studies Dept.

Nathan~ Wright, Jr., organizer
and planning committee chairman
for the 1967 and 1968 National
and International Conferences on
Black Power in Newark and
Philadelphia, has been appointed
chairman of the new department
of Afro-American studies at. State
University of New York at Albany
for a three-year term by President
Evan R. Collins. Dr. Wright also
has been appointed professor of
urban affairs. The faculty position
is with tenure.

Seth W. Spellman, associate
professor of social welfare and
interim chairman of the
department of Afro-American
studies, has high praise for the
new appointee. “Dr. Wright has
had wide experience in the
problems of urban America and I
feel that such experience will be
of fundamental importance to the
department. He has occupied
leadership positions in the black
community and in efforts at
resolving the difficult situations
that black Americans find
themselves in. He has occupied
these leadership positions at the
local, state, and national levels.
We feel that this coupled with his
academic qualifications make him
uniquely prepared to lead a
department such as has been
established by the State
University of New York at
Albany."

Currently the department
chairman serves as consultant to
the superintendent, Minneapolis
Public Schools.

In a prepared press release, Dr.
Wright said that an
interdepartmental committee,
including William O. Perlmutter,
dean of the College of Arts and
Sciences, and Paul F. Wheeler,
associate dean, will work with him
to extend the program of urban
affairs and human devolopment
which will have high priority in
the university's curriculum
development.

NATHAN WRIGHT,

 

Sum University of No. ms or Albany

SENATOR VANCE HARTKE (D-INDIANA) spoke to] sparse crowd at the Inauguration Sunday on
“Vietnam—Our unﬁnished business". President Collins was inducted into MYSKANIA as the ﬁrst honorary
member in the honorary's ﬁfty-two your existence just before Hartke spoke.

Mandatory Tax policy passes
Mathias elected SA

The passage of a mandatory
student tax was the major
outcome in the elections just held,
as announced at the Inauguration
Sunday.

The number of students eligible
to vote in the tax referendum was
4891. This included only full
time, undergraduate students.
Those who had applied for
graduation either this June or
August were ineligible to vote.

20% of those eligible,or 979
votes, were needed in order for
the referendum to be considered
valid, Since in total, 1070
students voted, the outcome was
accepted as binding. of the 1070
students, 563 voted for the tax,
and 507 voted against it. Since a
simple majority was all that was
necessary, the tax was considered
passed.

There will be exemptions
granted to students who are
ﬁnancially incapable of paying the
fee. The Director of Financial
Aids will have the power to
determine who shall receive

eminent author and scholar. has agreed-to join

the faculty at the U versity next year. Outspoken and controversial,

he will be an exciting addition. ‘ ' q ‘

waiver of payment.

In non-economic reasons, the
determiation may lie with the Tax
Committee of Council.

COUNCIL ELECTIONS

The members of Central
Council elected Terry Mathias
President of Student Association
Sunday night, and shortly after,
elected Vic Looper Vice
President.

Mathias was opposed by Dave
Neufeld, Ralph DiMarino, and Vic
Looper at the outset of the
voting. In a marathon election
that lasted over 3 hours, first
DlMarino then Looper withdrew
from the balloting. Mathias and
Neufeld were then the only
candidates considered. Balloting
'took place after some lengthy
discussion of the candidates‘
merits, and it was not until
seventh ballot that Mathias was
ﬁnally declared the winner.

Mathias was leading in the
ballotting by a vote of 14-5 when
Neufeld announced that he was
withdrawing from the race,
Neufeld called for Council to
unite behind Mathias in order to
make the 69-70 term the best yet.

Motion was then made for a
white ballot, and was carried, as
Terry Mathias was declared the
winner by unanimous
ncclamation.

In the election for Vice
President, Vic Loopcr and Ralph
DiMarino were both nominated.
After the first ballot, Loopcr led
by a tallyrof 16-8, at which point
DiMarlno withdrew. Looper was
then elected unanimously.

The proccdings wore
complicated by the fact that only
19 members were present, and 18
members (twovthirdu of the total

v council membership), are required

for election.

The results of the Central
Council and LAAC elections are
as follows: From COM-
MUTERS, William Counts,
Larry Lubetsky, Walter Silver,
Lawrence Smith, and Nanci Wolf
Were elected to Central Council.
Dutch Quad elected Leonard
Kopp, Victor Loopcr, and,Charlca
Elbak to Council. Dave Neufeld
Carol lebatts and Richard
Wesley were elected to Council
from Colonial. State Quad chose
JudyAvner, Egbert Evenly, and
‘lorm Rich.

president

Elected to Council from
Commissions were Terry Mathias
and Tobi Shostak from Academic
Affairs, Steve Brown and Gary
Gold from Communications
Commission, Ralph DiMarino
from LAAC along with Joe
Kaiser, and Jean Turner from
Religous Affairs. No
representatives have yet been
selected from Community
Programming.

IN L A AC ELECTIONS,
Commuters elected Jules Firetag,
Richard Gurian, Leslee Klein, Jan
Rosen, Theodore Ruderman, and
Judith Zwaik. Dutch Quad elected
Rich Friedlander, Leonard Kopp,
Victor Looper, Barry Nathanson,
Cherie Push, Mark Schwartz, and
Donna Simonctti. Colonial elected
Ralph DiMarino, Kristine French,
.lay Handelman, Joe Kaiser, Gail
Krause, Steven Lobcl, and Lynn
Wilson. State Quaddcra elected
Terry Cole, Jayne Decker, JoAnne
Dutcher, Robert Hoffman,
Richard Newton , Claudette
Oulrnet. and Linda R. Pierson.

. as... ~
gateway  
reward: 7:5 I

 

 

 

1 Tuesday. May 6. l969

Soc. dept.
discussed
by Collins

By Amy Gurian

President Collins was barraged
with questionl concerning the
letter from Dr. Meadows of the
Sociology and Anthropology
Departments. Many BOciOIOIY
majors were greatly concerned, as
they have found it. virtually
impossible to either pull cards for,
or get signed-into specific
sociology courses.

Collins attributed this problem
to the over-all change in
requirements. With the release of
students from the history
requirement, many have turned to
sociology.

He reported that Dr. Meadows
had been brought in to build up
the Sociology and Anthropology
departments, but denied having
made any written commitment to
him. He stated, “Perhaps we haVe
put a disportionate share of our
insufficient funds" into the
sociology department, but cited
that all spare money was
appropriated to part-time
positions in the department this
year. He further suggested that
perhaps present faculty members
could slightly increase their course
loads.

Due to the budgetary freeze
and enrollment increase, there will
be a cutback in the
student/faculty ratio from a
present 1/13.5 to 1/14.3. The
subject was closed when Collins
stated that adjustments would not
be made until after
pro-registration.

President Collins reported a
recent acquisition from Syracuse
University. It represents a grant to
a consortium of colleges in the
tri-city area for “cooperative
academic efforts in community
problems.”

Students were assured that
private housing will soon be
available for them. Collins cited
one operator in particular In
Madison Ave., which will

accomodato 100-125 students.

wau. DUNE, MY msuaxcz roucv ts ALI. we or... Newly
elected (president of Central Council. ’l‘err Mathias , examines the

picture

or Council with outgoing President uncan Nixon;

 

