   
   
   
  
 

 

   
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
  

rz—«a’.

, ~.-wv~rWervmtnak-.w -,

  

 

 

    
  

     

Editorial Connmmi

Often, it is not until a specific case of inequityarlaes that the
University «Community ismade aware of the problems Inherent in a

decision-making process. The cases of Dr. Watemian and Mrs. Rhoads
have simply awakened the university Community to the significant -

errors in the present system. . v. v -

While the term appointment is designed to insure ﬂuidity within
the faculty, it h also intended as a recruitment method for
searching-out able teachers. and scholars who will become pemranent
faculty members. It is this latter function which is being ignored here.

When teachers of the caliber of Waterman and Rhoads are
discovered, it' behooves the University to retain their services.
Somehow, the opposite seems to be happening in this case. _

Furthermore, the Faculty Handbook outlines certain criteria which
are to be applied to the teaching faculty in the deliberations on the
granting of promotions and tenure-cases, incidentally, similar to that
now before the University Community. These criteria are:
TEACHING, SCHOLARSHIP, and SERVICES TO SUNYA or
EXTERNAL ORGANIZATIONS. Withinthis last and, according to
the Faculty Handbook, less important function, falls the idea of a
"constructive department member," which it is implied, Waterman
and Rhoads have not been._ ‘ ’

If being a “constructive department member" entails not speaking
out ' in opposition to the majority view on issues within the
department perhaps this criteria has not been met by these two
individuals.

However, this brings into question the whole idea of intellectual
integrity. Is it in the interest of a department or University for junior
members of that department who have both new ideas and firm
conviction, to keep these contributions to themselves in order to
maintain their positionsl'l'his seems to be the question in these two
cases. And we, at least, must answer this question in the negative.

From the statements made in relation to the cases of Dr. Waterman
and Mrs. Rhoads, we can come to no other conclusion than that the
above analysis of the situation is correct. For the sake of our own
belief in the basic structure of the decision-making process and the
faith of the entire University Community in the policies by which it is
being governed, we would welcome proof that we arewrong.

Althouin officlaﬂy the faculty and administration are not
answerable to the students at this time, tiltimately it is our education
which is involved. It is with this, and this alone, that we are
concerned.

We‘therefore‘, reiterate our request thatlthe department reconsider
the cases of Waterman and Rhoads on their merits as teachers,
scholars, and contributors to the University community as a whole.
And we‘hope that both the final decision in these speciﬁc cases, and
the obviously much needed policy changes for the betterment of the
overall system, will be in the interest of a University dedicated to the
education of. its students.

Military Suppression

Many Americans today view with horror the suppression of
individual liberties in Communist nations. Staunch American and
Yaf’ers boldly hold forth on the greatness of American Freedom and
counter any criticism of this nation with the cry of “Find someplace
better!"

Whether there is an alternative or not to this nation, we ﬁnd
appalling the fact that the US. Army is using some of the suppressive
tactics that all Americans, staunch or not, deplore.

A case in point is the recent Presidio controversy. It seems that the
Armed Forces is intent upon covering up disscnsion within the ranks,
and seems to believe that meting out harsh sentences (far out of
proportion to the crime actually committed) is the way to do this.

Even more distressing is the recent case involving a young G. l.,
who was Editor of an anti-war underground newspaper. The Army
discovered his position, and promptly gave him a dishonorable
discharge. This will hamper him in civilian life in attaining
employment and in other areas of daily living. The public relations
ofﬁcer at his base stated that this soldier had in no way violated Army
regulations, except for the fact that he had edited the paper.

The right to dissent is a guarantee in our constitution. In a position
where national security is not imperiled, the right to voice opinion
contrary to government policy must be jealously guarded.

It must be realiZed that not only can it can happen here—but it
does. The U. S. Military has denied basic rights to Americans time and
again. We are dismayed at the military’s desire to destroy dissent.

 

THE ASP NEEDS TECHNICAL

WORKERS!
Coll 2l90 or
come to office - Room 323 C.C. from 7-IO

ANY WEEKDAY NIGHT.

 

 

 

 

scams-roomer -,:

 

Competition '

    
   

'. mm unnri...i

r.

 

 

Communications

aria

 

All communications moat be oddnued to flu
editor and must be signed. Communications are

subject to editing.

Psych. Profs Speaks

To the Editors:

We'd like to take this opportunity to comment
on the statements and issues that have been brought
dut concerning'the nonrenewal of our contracts.

First of all, let us say that we concur with
President Collins that we have not been “fired,” and
that we are in complete agreement that the
Psychology Department has the legal right not to
renew our term appointments. The press, both on
and off this campus, has given coverage to the fact
that no clear reasons were given for this decision.
While we admit to being curious about the reasons,
we also fully recognize that the department is under
no obligation to give any. (Should Dr. Brown,
however, wish to state reasons, we have informed
her that we have no objection to her making them
public.) Furthermore, compared to the other issues
the students are raising, we think that this question
is of minor importance.

As we see it, the major issues are: 1) When there
is strong, responsibly expressed, student sentiment
that a professor remain at this university, should
this professor be allowed to continue ‘ ‘ ' a hero?
2) What criteria are used in making this type of
decision, and among these criteria what is the
ordering of priorities? 3) Should a system, and the
individuals in that system, be flexible enough to
allow for the reconsideration of a decision when
new evidence is brought to light? 4) Are 1,600
student signatures on petitions really “irrelevant”?

Sincerely,

Carol Waterman
Constance J. Rhonda
Department of Psychology

Reply To ‘Warm Ooze’

To the Editors:

Paul Nathe (ASP Communications, April 15,
1969) has seriously misinterpreted the recent
developments concerning Dr. Waterman and Mrs.
Rhonda of the Psychology department. The issue
has not arisen in an attempt “to kill the myth...that
students are apathetic." Nor has concern been
generated solely to defend professors.

Mr. Nathe la ignoring the basic issue of student
involvement in departmental decision. The dismissal
of Waterman and Rhonda, and the clash of opinion
between the department and its students merely
points out the need for systematic consideration of
student opinion in departmental matters. This can
only be achieved through student representation on
departmental committees.

I should like to point out to Mr. Natha that while
there are many important questions to be asked
other than “Who will be next," this issue remaina of
Importance to many students. It is not up to Mr.

Nathe to choose for us what issues should be given
consideration; if he wishes to rally aupport for any
issue he deems important, he is free to do so. I,
however see “something scary” about the loss of
excellent teaching ability in our University. No valid
issue is "beneath" concerned students.

Sincerely,
Sandi It. Welnroth

Grave Oversight

To the Editors:

There was a noticeable absence of any Albany
Student Press reporter at the April 10th meeting of
Central Council. This, in myopinion, was a grave
oversight on the part of the ASP. Since Central
Council had done onlybudgets during the two
meetings immediately preceding Easter Recess, I let
it be known to various ASP personnel that many
bills would be presented at the April 10th meeting.

A few very important measures were presented
that night which are of great importance to the
student body. The Council established that a

" d... . on a J ‘ ‘ for Student
Association shall be held in conjunction with the
Spring Elections for Central Council and Living
Area Affairs Commission. There is much more
information of vital importance to be had on this

 

Communications continued to page 7

 

SP STAFF

 

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at. Albany. The ASP
office is located in Room 382 of the Campus
Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.Tax. The
ASP was founded by the Class of 1918.
Editors-ln-Chief
Jill R. Poznik & Ira J. Woifman

News Editor Tim Keeley
Associate News Editor Kathy Huseman
Arts Editor Carol Schour
Sports Editor Jim Winslow
Feature Editor Gary Gelt
Technical Editors Pal O'Hern, Bill Shapse
Photomphy Editor Stuart Ritter Ill
Badm- Manaaer Philip Franchlni
Advertising Manager Daniel Faxman
The Albany Student Press assumes no

responsibility for opinions expressed in Its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not neceua'rily reﬂect its views.

 

 

 

   
 
 
   
  

   
   
     
  

  
 
   
  

p_..._....,.

 

  

Val. it! No. if: {0

 

THE PERFORMING ARTS CENTER (PAC), the m balding on
campus, was the scene last week for the State University-wide

Convocation of the Arts.

Haley

Photo by Potskowski

lectures on

US black heritage

by Tom Monteleorr

Alex Haley, internationally
known writer and world traveler
spoke before a large audience of
Albany students and faculty
Thursday evening. His lecture was
entitled “Black Heritage--A Sage
of Black History."

Haley has a new book “Before
This Anger," the result of five
years of research and travel in
Africa, Europe and America. It is
the true-life story of his own
search for his ancestry and
heritage.

Haley went into great detail
explaining the importance to him
of his future work. The book will
be a history-the history of a
heritage that has been traced back
through seven generations.

Through a series of uncommon
events Haley has been able to
trace his heritage back to a village
located on the Gambi River in
Africa.

Beginning with a story passed
down orally, over a period of
almost two hundred years, Haley
has been able to uncover and
document the exact sequence of

events which include the capture
of his African ancestor, the

transportation of this man to‘

America on a slave ship, and the
birth of six generations of slaves
and free men, leading down to
Haley himself.

And what is Alex Haley's own
story? Born in 1921 in Ithaca,
New York, he is the son of a
college professor (now retired)
and the brother of a Kansas State
Senator and a Washington, D.C.
architect.

He attended North Carolina
Teachers College until his
enlistment in the US. Coast
Guard, which subsequently
created for him the rating of Chief
Journalist.

Haely concluded by stating that
as far as he knows he is the only
Black American who has been
capable of directly tracing his

lineage back to Africa. For thia-

reason this book is for all Black
Americans as they are all
descendants of similar Africans
who were forced to leave their
homelands to work as slaves in
America.

Cornell ofﬁcials
demands of Black Students

(UPI) Cornell University
banned firearms from the campus
Monday and a faculty committee
refused to bow to demands made
the day before by armed Negroes
that penalties against five
demonstrators be dropped.

The black students ended a
38vhour sit-in at a student union
building Sunday on the
understanding that the penalties
imposed on five black students in
January would be reviewed. After
a four-hour meeting, the faculty
rejected a demand that the
penalties be nullified but said it
might be prepared to review them
later under ~‘aacure and
non-pressurlzod' conditions.

About 100 black students, 17
carrying riflasor shotguns and

belts of ammunition, marched
across campus from the student
union Sunday afternoon and
watched while two University
officials signed a seven-part
agreement.

Dean Robert Miller, in
presenting the agreement to the
faculty, offered his resignation if
they refused to ratify it. The
resignation was rejected and the
faculty essentially approved the
agreement sinica it had only asked
that they review the penalties.

one provision stipulated
that they would reccornmend the
faculty review penalties imposed
upon black students who
overturned trays in a dining hall in
January to protest what they

Tax referendum, g 

staff reporter

 

ﬁrms-Mu: use; i ‘



support for certain activities. The

On April 30 and May 1,2, Central Council will financial need will be handled by two

present a referendum for Mandatory Student paued by Central Council

Activity Assessment to~the Student Body. If the

t.
\
I

 

 

 

_ - t
problem: of

previous bills I
If g student cannot pay the tax, he can apply to

referendum is passed, it will automatically become' Financial Aida Office on the basis of financial need.

V policy.

If for any other reason than financial,

The proposed referendum reads as follows: "that to the Student Tax Committee.

the Student Activity Assessment(Student Activity
and Athletic fee) be

u nd ergrad uates, except those

he can apply

I The most potent argument for the mandatory tax
mandatory for all is ﬁnancial urgency of the student government to
exempted by support the activities which the students have

appropriate Central Council legislation, beginning demanded. The government will not have the

the Fall semester of 1969." money to

conjunction with the Central
election. The referendum will pass if approved by a

. support
The voting for the referendum will be held in presentations

and

those concerts, dramatic
‘ speakers which
Councrl-LAAC organizations hope to have.
The student government: had to cut off the

student

majority of at least 20% of the undergraduate appropriations of most student or an' t'
student body. Seniors will not be allowed to vote. budgets. The original budget for Centgral 12803::
All undergraduates whether they have paid was $320,000 which had to be cut to $221,000. If

Student Tax or not are eligible to vote.

The main argument against this referendum is
that individuals should not have to pay for those
activities they don’t benefit from. Duncan Nixon in

the mandatory tax is not passed, the student
government will only receive $196,000 using the
present policy of voluntary tax payments.

an interview gave the "
as an answer to this argument.

Taxes are not considered as a voluntary right but
as an obligatory necessity for the governmental and
financial support of the student activities.

Also, the, option for paying only for those

' fora ‘ ‘

a

y tax ‘, there
have to be out

beyond a certain

If' the present policy of voluntary tax is

will be a dificit of $25,000 next

year. This will probably mean, many activities will

second semester and possibly the

student government will have cut all expenditures

date.

If the mandatory tax is passed, the student

activities whiche person beneﬁts from would be 'government expects to receive $250,000 and be able
operational knee-i

    

ALEX HALEY, conclusbd hi"- day
long stay on campus Thursday by
talking about his future book
BEFORE THIS ANGER.

reﬁish'éwm

consider inadequate treatment of
black studies at the university.

'I don't think the faculty
ultimately came to a decision on
what happened yesterday’ said
Professor Ernest. Robert"

A faculty group has agreed to
meet with the Afro-American
Society members Tuesday.

A district attorney, meanwhile,
said he plannedto investigate the
alt-in for possible law violations
although the city of Ithaca has no

ordinances against carrying rifles '

and campus policemen said that
the black students broke no laws.

The sheriff's office Monday
night called in reinforcements

from surrounding countrtias but Willi”! the

bio and reach In inequitable tax

  

  

Education

In order for the new Open
Visitation Policy to go into
effect; the Educationprocess must
be approved by the Office of
Residence. In addition to this
each hall must discuss and pass a
hall policy. Guidelines states that
this must be done within one (1)
month after the adoption of the
policy and in accordance with this
LAAC passed a bill stating that if
a dormitory does not have a
policy by Friday April 25th, they
will not have any open houses.
This only holds true if the Office
of Residences approves the
education process by that date;
otherwise the dorms may have
open houses as they have had in
the past. All dorms will be

_ contacted when their individual

policies may be implemented.
In order to have a policy

approvad, the dorm must submit I

the policy to the LAAC
Education Committee. At least
two (2) copies are needed. If the
policy is passed the hall will get

m _ . '\n \r

 

y: I'lri‘

TONY BURNS, AN

 

to acce

machines
they were kept all the campus, being fed with pie-registration data.

to make supplementary appropriations.

required

_ for open visitation

back a copy of the approved
policy. The Education Committee
is meeting Tuesday April '22 to
consider policies submitted by
that time. It is hope that all dorms
will have their policies in by then
so if there are any problems with
it, the policy can be corrected and
then approved. A second meeting
will be held on Friday, April 25th.
Policies can be submitted to Jay
Handelman, Chairman of the
Education Committee at Johnson
Hall, Box 3071 (457-8766) or can
be given to the secretaries in the
Towers.
If a dorm is unable to have
their policy in by Tuesday they
. should have the policy reviewodby
a member of the Education
Committee so it can be approved
on Friday, April 25. Either Jay
Handelman (8766) or Gail Krause
(8936) would be glad to review
them. Hopefully the policy will be
in effect by the 25th if the
education process is approved by
that time

     

EMINEER in the computer center.

class cards. The machines are now
. Photo by Potakowslrl .

   
  
   
  

  
 
  
     

.N‘

 

      

     
    

   
  
   
 
      
        
       
   
 

  

 
   

 

 
    
  
 
 
   
  

     
   
 
  
  

 
         
  
       
              
    
    
   
    
    
  
  
      
 
   
  
  
    
 
   
    
    
   
  
             
    
 
      
      
       
        
        
        
          
  

   
 
  
   

 
   

 

 

 

 

