 

 

 

., . ,, , _ inottnienu granted in "the ' New York State
‘  budget.  politically, every club, publication and
sport ‘on campus ls dependent upon allotments granted by Student
,  which is in. turn dependent upon individual student
cdntrlbutiona in the,form' of “Student Tax." 
"The decreasing number of students ‘who pay student tax has
brought about a crisis of sorts on campus. Expansion and lack of
money have again come intozco'nflict. Budgets have been cut, in many
cases, from activities that aorer needed the entire sum requested. But,
— due to the fact that Central Council does not have enouyr money to
grant everyone all’they needed, many exciting new programs had to
be cut—~some completely. .

Student support is needed and .greatly desired for any and all
activities on campus. We cannot ﬁnd in these problems, however a
justiﬁcation for demanding that every student, regardless of whether
he wants to or not, pay tax. .

Without becoming impassioned or irrational, wehave examined the
tax questions from both sides, with the greatest of care. We have come
to the conclusion that almost everyone should pay tax—and that no
one should be forced to.

Why? Because student activities, unlike welfare programs, are
neither a necessity for the payee, nor a human service to the recipient.
It is well and good that SUNYA has a sailing club, a judo club, and so
many other clubs and organizations which cater to a small group of
students. If there is enough money to ﬁnance these, activities, great.
But if there is not, we see little reason to force students to pay nearly
$30 a semester for the privilege of knowing that all clubs are open to
him, and that he has a choice of hundreds. He could care less, and we
have to agree with him.

There are those who argue that all students get advantages from the
tax, regardless of whether or not they attend any events or join any
clubs at all. This is irrelevant. If tax was needed to sustain solely these
activities which we consider necessities, the number of students

willing to pay it would probably be much higher-wand the cost of the -

tax would be much lower. But as it stands, Student Association would
coerce every student into paying for the frills, the extras, which
although they are desirable, are in no way necessities.

Student desires should be the ﬁnal determinant of what is to
survive with SA subsidy, and what will not. If there is a lack of desire
to maintain a variety of clubs, publications and teams, then they
should die. This is undesirable, but to force students to pay for
activities for which they have no use is even more undesirable. WE
URGE YOU TO VOTE “NO” IN THE REF ERENDUM.

If Referendum Fails...

Student Tax may be made mandatory in the near future. . whether
or not students vote down the issue in referendum this week. This
undemocratic development is a result of the decision of Supreme
Court last term. It was ruled that Central Council can make tax
mandatory simply by passing legislation in a body composed of all
students, rather than simply Student Association members. By now
opening elections to all students, Council has made this a very real
possibility if the referendum fails.

What it boils down to is this: Even if you vote against mandatory
tax, you cannot be sure if it will become policy or not. It is here
where greater student awareness is soimportant. if you are concerned
about mandatory tax, you mustdemand of your candidates that they
declare their stand on that issue. Too many times, candidates have
been elected while students knew nothing of their stands.

In this case, the issue is too cleancut for students to ignore. You
must know where your representative will stand on tax if he is to
represent you fairly. REMEMBER: You will be the beniiiciary of
your intelligent voting, and it is you who will suffer if you remain

 Irresponsibility

The University Administration has expressed interest in student
participation in departmental and administrative matters for the past
year or thereabouts. Various student groups have also expressed their
desire to be able to inﬂuence various faculty and administrative
decisions. But are they serious? With certain individuals to the
contrary, the students of our various departments have not actively
taken a part in departmental affairs.

it is suggested that most students recognize what committee work .

entails, and actually want nothing to do with it. if this is true, then
their claims to a voice in the management of their academic lives is
jive. No matter how willing our Administration and Faculty is to
allow student participation. it is to no end if the student body takes
no active role in the decision making process.

The whole movement for student participation ringrhollow at State.
It is our opinion that the student body hasn’t much heart;it appears
that the actual work and responsibility required for the meaningful
role they have claimed it their right has proved too much.

Crisis committment has its merits. but we film” that continuing
committment to the concept of student participation will prevent
crisis development in the future.

 

 

Communications

 

All communications mull be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications are

subject to editing.

Revisions Tonight
To the Editors, I

Finally, the opportunity is before the Student
Association to take time to evaluate and improve its
constitution.

The opportunity has presented itself in the form
of an Open Hearing on the newly proposed, revised
Student Association Constitution which is to be
held tonight at 7 :30 in Social Science 256.

The revisions in the SA Constitution provide for a
realistic approach to popular election of the
president and vice-president of the Student
Association; increased, popularly elected student
representation on Central Council, placing the

Judicial Committee as a separate body under the
Student Association, rather than under Living Area
Affairs Com mission, as it is now, much easier
" ‘r “ ,tothef‘ "‘ " ,inthe
future, and numerous other changes that will effect
every undergraduate studept here at the University
These revisions are of the utmost importance and,
Ibeleive, a necessity to the Student Association.
Every student should take this opportunity to
find out more about these Constitutional Revisions
and take advantage of this Open Hearing to be heard
on them.

Ken Stokem
Chairman, Central Council Constitutional Revisions

Tutoring Help

To the Editors:

Today more than ever before we need
involvement. In a time when it is so apparent that
men use other men for their private gains, one to
one relationships between people are of the utmost
importance.

Tutoring provides us with such an opportunity. I
am employed at Trinity Institute and am in need of
tutors for these subjects: 10th grade Spanish; 11th
grade English; 10th grade Geometry; and 9th grade
Algebra.

I’also need someone who has taken Accounting I
at. SUNYA to tutor a woman who is taking that
subject at night school.

If anyone is interested in tutoring in any of these
aubjects, please contact Tom Vitale betWeen 3:00
and 6:00 at 434-5155 or at home after 7 :00 pm. at
355-1034.

Tom Vitale

Chapel House Devotee

To the Editora:

If an outsider may comment, I do hope Chapel
Houaa will be saved. I do a lot of travaling, and
that's one of the most human places I've found.
And its human scale la a0 warming by contrast with
all that colossal neighboring symmetry.

Sincerely,

Nat Hentoff

Things are bad all over

To the Editors:

Things are bad all over. In reference to Walter
Clark's letter in last: Friday's ASP, we have the
following points to make.

Mr. Clark described (with all the proper
heart-rending cliches) many of the problems which
are causeddirectly, and indirectly, by the two great
imperialist nations of our time; the U.S. and the
U.S.S.R.

For thousands of years, the question of how to
correct the world ’s evils has been answered by either
of two ways; by individuals or by individuals
organizing and forming mass movements. We believe
examples like Christianity and labor unionism, bear
out the premise that organized individuals are a
great deal more effective than one lone reformer,
regardless of how sincere be was, this, by the Way, is
the rationale behind any form of government). We
therefore believe that if we hope to save the
“Biafrans” and future “Biafrans,” we must first
form a movement. Hence the formation of the
I.W.W.C.

One of the major problems the Movement is
facing today is harraesment. by means of
arrest-drug, political and various other forms of
entrapment. We believe it is inherent that a
movement must protect its own members if it. is to
remain unified.

One last thing Mr. Clark: the time you spent
writing your letter, could it not have been spent at.
pawning your possessions to send relief to the
oppressed peoples of the world?

Things are bad all over.

With Armed Love
Barnez Yaeger
I.W.W.C.

 

STAFF

The- Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newapapcr is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 45721902194.
Edltoni-ln-Chlef
Jill R. Poznlh & Ira J. Wollman

News Editor
Associate News Editor
Arts Editor

Sparta Editor

Feature Editor
Technical Editors
Photography Editor
Dualnaaa Manager
Advertising Manager

’l‘im Keeley

Kathy Huaeman

Carol Schour

Jim Winslow

Gary Gall

Pat O'llem. Bill Shapu
Ed Potahowrlrr

Phlle Franchlni
Denial Form"

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expreaatona
do not necesaarily reflect its views.

 

 

 

 

vatw n... go ([3

‘  

NewSA constitution
P" .0170st for 69-70

byMarciaStaler

An amended Student Aaaoaciation
Constitution has been presented by

Constitutional Revisions
CommitteeofCentralCounciltothe
Student Assosciation for its
comment. Entirely tentative, the
constitution was discussed by
committee members and several
studentsTuesdaynightinanattempt
to discuss possible discrepancies in
thenewdocument.

Students will be empowered
with the direct election of
President and Vice-President of
Student Association if the new
constitution is accepted. Under
the present constitution, only
members of Central Council may
vote in the election of officers.

Council tackles

popular elections

by Norm Rich

Central Council, last night,
brought its term of silica to a
stormy close. The issue: Popular
election of Student Association
President.

In its final meeting of the year
Council attempted to take action
on the Amended Student
Association Constitution. The
new Constitution provides for
direct election of Student
Association President.

Specifically, promted by Ken
Stokem, Council sought to debate
the merits of the new
Constitution. It was hoped that an
approved form of the document
could be presented in referendum
to the student body next October.

Debate arose when Bob Iceman
moved that direct election of S.A.
President be struck from the new
Constitution. Instead he suggested
that S.A. President continue to be
elected as he is now, by Central
Council.

Ralph DiMnrino, leading the
debate against popular elections,
argued that S.A. President serves
first as head of Central Council,
and only secondly as President of
the student body. Central
Council, he reasoned, has the right.
to select its own head.

DiMarino further reinternted
his previous conviction, namely
that he is opposed to "all popular
election” on Campus. He
explained that the student body is
not capable of selecting the most.
competent. individual for the job.

On the other side Dave Naufold
simply declared that he felt
niudentn have the right to elect
their own President. Furthermore
he felt certain that. the student
body wuntcds, popular elections.

The final note preserved the
popular clccllon clause. Voting
for popular clccllon were: Doug
Goldachmidl, Lowell Jacobs, Vlc
Loopcr, Dauc Neufeld, Barry
Ross, Ken Stokem, and SA.
President Duncan leon. Against:
Hob D'Elcna. Ralph Dimarino.
Jeff Glassey, Bob Iaaman. Jim
Kuhn, and Sherry Pash. Terry
Mathias and several members of
the faculty abstained.

Continued to page 2, col. 5.

This amendment was met with
displeasure by some students.
Why, they naked, should Central
Council’s officers be elected by
the entire student body if other
committees and associations have
the right to elect their own
officers? Also, as proven by
former elections and referendums,
. .19 number of students who make
the effort to vote is too small to
represent the choice of the entire
student body.

Questions concerning student
representation in Central Council
were raised.

Members of Central Council
who move off the quad they
represent will become rat-large
members, no longer able to
represent the interests of a
specific quad. A suggestion was
presented to the effect that all
members should represent the
entire university, not merely one
quad. The problems of one quad
are not radically different from
the problems of the other quads,
several students asserted.

Some students feel that the two
non-voting representatives from
the Panhellenic Council should be
excluded from Central Council.
Enough Greeks are members of
Central Council, these students
claim, to sufficiently represent the
interests of all Greeks on campus.

Impeachment procedure has
been amended in the new
constitution. Presently,
impeachment proceedings may be
instituted by a written petition
signed by one-fourth of the
members of the Council and
one-fourth of the group
represented. The new constitution
calls for impeachment proceedings
to begin only after a petition
signed by one-fourth of Central
Council and one-half of the group
represented has been submitted.

Both the present an
newly-submitted constitutions
hold Central Council responsible
for all actions of the student
body. Yet. some students quired,
“Why must the Council take
responsibility for a handful of
students who independently
decide to riot?"

Accepatancc of the new
constitution will lie in the hands
of the new Central Council.

1

sun University trua- Verb a his...

mam srunems met again yesterday to discuss the 
dismissal of Drs. Waterman and Rhoads of the Psyc dept.
Mitch Foster addressed the group Thursday.

,r

 

u

Friday. May 2. less I

sen. Hbrtke .
speaks

11

r Senator VaneayI-iartk'e
. (Democrat-Indiana) will speak at
the University inthe gymnasium
at 2:00 pm on Sunday, May 4, in
conjunction with the Studént
Government Inauguration
sponsored by MYSKANIA 1970.
It is at this time that the new
members of Central Council and
Living Area Affairs Commission
will be sworn into ofﬁce. t

Senator Hartke is co-sponsored
by Forum of Politics and
MYSKANIA. He is considered a
liberal and has been in the Senate
since 1959. Hartke, currently
involved in the censorship
controversy between the Smothers
Brothers and CBS, is a ranking
member of the Senate
Communications subcommittee
chaired by Senator John Pasture
(Democrat-Rhodes Island).

Hartke wants another set of
committee hearings which would
involve the producing and stoning
contributors of TV programs,
rather than just the network
presidents. In the new wave of

.. censorship threatening the
sensitive networks, Hartke may
find a way to give a hearing to

"upomowski Continued to page 3, col. 5.

Equal student-faculty voice
for Waterman-Rhoads review

by Anita Thaycr

The most. recent administration
attempt to find a peaceful and
acceptable solution to the
Waterman-Rhonda crisis was
proposed and ﬁnally accepted in a
slightly modified form by an
all-university meeting Thursday
afternoon. This meeting of
approximately 200 members of
the University community
resulted in several significant
advances.

The meeting was preceded by a
series of huddles throughout the
room as organizers tried to
organize, radicals tried to
rudiculize, and everyone else tried
to hear and overhear. Finally the
meeting was called to order. Dr.
Waterman and Mrs. Rhonda were
invited to attend and participate.
The beginning of a two hour
attempt to make democracy work

in spite of a misuse and abuse of have '9“ the meeting with a
parliamentary procedure had feeling of satisfaction and
begun. accomplishement. Dr. Waterman
A review committee, which is continued, “I’m very happvtosee
to report to President Collins will so many moderates and radicals
make the final decision. Basically communicating With each other
it is composed 0‘ 50% “Wants. and working together. I feel that:
and 50% faculty in a specified my reinstatement is of minor
structure. Collins proposed that importance compared to other
this committee be responﬂiblc {01’ issues which have been raised here
immediate review of the such as 60% student
Waterman Rhoads issue and then representation on all committees
procede to investigate and and compulsory SECT
recommend a process by which evaluauom"
permanent NrsonneleOCEdures This is the structure of the
involving students at all levels can committee proposed by Collins
be rOHOWGd in the WW“?- Thc including the modifications made
Thursday “Alder” "mating at. thestudent meeting:
approvod the specific structure of 1 , Four u "dawn,de
the review committee for the students” Much Fasten Marcia
immediate review of the Buebel, Sandi Welnroth, and
Waterman-Rhonda decision only. Sharon Westfall. The choice of the
“A beautiful meeting," Dr. students was suggested by Collins
Waterman was only one of the and approved Thursday. These are
majority of people who seemed to the same four students who were
chosen April 28 by students to
meet with the Psych department
and administration.

2. The four tenured members
of the psychology
department-Dr. Brown, Dr. Eson,
Dr. Oatereich, and Dr. Groonfeld
This was accepted under
unanimous protest.

3. A graduate psych student,
Fred Harris, who was elected at.
the Thursday meeting.

4. A non-tenure member of tho
psych department, Dr. A. Lowin,
named by Dunn I’erlmutter.

ii. A facility member, Dr.
Loretta, Chairman of Personnel
Committee for Faculty-Senate, as
a representative of
Faculty-Senate. Also, a student
Susie Goldmncher to represent the
student body. Goidmncher was
elected at the meeting yesterday
after it had been decided that
someone appointed by Central

THE PROJECTED LOOK son are: campus a located in the narthex of the Fine Arts Building. Among 00W" n 001"!" lustre-ted

the new additions pictured are a field house, graduate housing, underground parking, and the elimination o

the four towers?

' would not really represent the
Continued to w 2, col, 2,

.benlamln

 

