ow—' -A.-._.

 

 

 

TUESDAY, ocroscn 14,1969 "

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE 8

 

A congenial relationship between the professor

and the student is necessary for the classroom.

situation to be of real meaning. However, to discuss
a volatile subject with someone who holds the
power of your grade in his hands can have poor
repercussions. The current evaluation system needs
more revision, and one possible answer lies in
the way to Initiate a pass-failsystem. We have given
the graduate schools grades and they have accepted
them—now let us give them(truly)knowledgeable
students.

The entire problem here is the lack of a true
University Community which is integrated into the
‘real outside world'. We attempt to re-create the
‘real world' under semi~controlled conditions and
the result is a conglomeration of various
departments, schools, and people held together by
an administrative hierarchy empowered with the
authority to grant degrees for "adequate
performance." The University Senate offers us the
beginning of the University Community ‘s
integration within itself and the real world.

TOM NIXON

.The primary goal of a university is to strive toward

educating the students therein. This education,
education, however, should extend beyond the
realm of the classroom. That is, in addition to the
classroom instruction (which is certainly necessary
in some courses) the university should strive
towards educating its students in the events and
needs of the community as a whole. In order to
achieve this goal, the faculty of the university
should be made up of persons not only
knowledgeable in their respective fields, but also
concerned with the affairs of the "outside" world.

Following this line of reasoning. it seems clear
that there should be certain required courses. If the
university is to achieve its goal of educating its
students in all aspects of the whole community, it
seems reasonable to expect that all the students
receive some form of instruction in every facet of
this project. When a student is allowed to
concentrate all of his study in one area. he may
easily lose his perspective in an area which he never
enters. Certainly such a process would be lacking.

Of all grading systems offered, total pass-fail is
the system involving a pass-fail premise which has
any merit. If the idea is to change the method of
instruction, the only way in which this can be
attained is through a total pass-fail system. Any
combination ofgrading and pass-fail will result in all
the students receiving A-E grades which will then be
converted to push“.

Students should not have the right to participate
in the election of faculty to the University Senate in
that the faculty elected represent the interests of
the faculty and possibly not the students. However,
I feel that there should equal representation of
faculty and students on the University Senate.

JOSEPH PACHMAN

I believe that the goal of SUNYA, or any
university, should be to set up an atmosphere of
“free education," an education that would
hopefully result in free-thinking individuals.
Education whould be the goal of any university, but
an education that extends past the realms of one‘s
classrooms. If a student graduates SUNYA better
prepared to independently shape his own values and
face now situations, then I believe the University’s
goals have been fulfilled.

In conjunction with the above line of thinking, I
am in favor of abolishmcnt of all required courses.

I am, however, realistic enough to be aware of the
fact that a student will tend to be wary of taking a
subject that is new to him because he is afreaid that
the letter grade he receives might endanger his
chances of entry into graduate school. Therefore, I
believer that the abolishment of required courses
must go “hand-in-hand” with the institution of the
Pass-Fail system for the freshmen and sophomore
years. Such an educational system would not only
allow for complete exploration before onc’s major is
declared, as well as satisfying any graduate school‘s
desire for a a letter grade, but would additionally
relieve some of the excessive pressures that
freshmen, and sometimes sophomores find in
adjusting to college life.

As for reaction to the Trustee's rules and
regulations, I am wary of the generalization of the
term “campus disorders," for it may be interpreted
in numerous possible ways. Regarding the question
of whether or not~students should have the right to
participate in the election of faculty members to the
Unlveralty Senate, my answer would definitely be
yes. I find it inconceivable to deny the atudcnts a
chance to mold the Univoralty’s line of thinking, for
it In these very students who will be living with the
mistakes, or positive contributions, of the
University Senate of SUNYA for four years of their
llves.

l welcome any new ideas or suggestions that you,
the electorate, would like to see carried out. Feel
free to contact me at 472-2111.

TOM PETERSON

Dear Reader,

So, you would like to know why lam running for
University Senate. 1 have a couple of reasons, some
important. some trivial. TM» is my third year in this
place, Mlnrni llmurh North, m. il was called by

 

"Time." I’ve seen people graduate, student
governments rise and fall, courses cancelled,
teachers fired, freedoms found and lost. Much. I've
seen this place in "transitlon." I’ve had my share of
good times, bad times, and even mediocre ones.
Have met many people, even talked to some
seriously. Participated in a few groups. I kind of
think I have an idea of how this sytem functions,
have wailcd, bitched, and moaned about it enough.
This University is on the verge of greatness, and the
decisions made in the next couple of years by the
students, administrators, faculty, Re ents, and
Board of Trustees will decide whetherér'nbgwe will
climb over that edge and proceed on t6"something
better. I guess what I'm trying to say is that this
place has a potential for something positive. I would
just like to give it a couple of nudges in that
direction. It's time the stystem stopped hedging and
started moving.

Like pass-fail. Ever since my summer planning
conference I can remember hearing talk about it;
three years later it’s still being talked about. The
time has come to stop talkingll For the first time
students, us undergraduates, (the great ignored) are
getting a chance to have something to say about
where our lives and education are going. I'm sick of
coming back to school in the fall and finding
courses cancelled, etc. I‘m not a great one to write
an election speech; what I'm trying to say is that
now that we have an opportunity to do something
for ourselves, let’s use it. Can’t even say that I‘ll
accomplish it all if I'm elected, but I’ll give it a hell
of a try. It's my life and my university, too.

SUE REYNOLDS SCHWARTZ

The University is a
community where all of its members are actively
involved in the development and growth of
themselves and their community. The responsibility
of all is awareness and participation. With this
assumption, I feel that I can say that there need not
be any requirements placed on an individual,
whether they be academic or behavioral, as it is up
to the individual to participate in a way that he feels
will be most beneficial to him and his community.

JEFF SHERRIN

In response to ASP’s invitation, as a candidate for
University Senate, 1 would like to express my views
on the four questions they asked.

1. The university must provide an atmosphere for
the individual learning experience and should be a
means by which students can realize their
involvement in the problems of today.

More individual study and class discussion must
take place. There must be fewer lecture classes
where students only vegetate. The university should
become a forum for the student body to express its
views and should be a means of giving weight to its
views.

2. Courses should be required only in one's major
field. Irrelevant courses take up time that can be
devoted elsewhere.

I do favor an cvcntual total puss-fail system.
Grading works against the aim of the individual
learning experience. Pass-fail will allow more
intensive study into areas where the student's
interest lies. Grading entouragcs cheating and poor
study methods. '

3. [agree with the main aim of the Guidelines for
campus order: that is, to prevent one from
encroaching on unothcr’s rights while he exercises
his. A serious defect, however, is that no mention is
given to how one will be found guilty ofan offense.
This must be done by an authorized judicial body.
No student can be punished before he is legally
found guilty of an offense. Another serious defect is
that no mention is given to university response to
student protest. 1f the means of change remain
closed to the student body, students should place
thicr moral judgement ovcr legal restrictions.

«1. A committee of students and faculty members
should be selected to recommend, and nominate
faculty members to the senate. Voting on faculty
members should be restricted to the faculty as in
student voting.

I Thank you for this opportunity to express my
Views.

TOBI SHOSTAK

A univcru'ty must offer the highest caliber
undergraduate and graduate programs that it
possible can. It is necessary that a university
stimulate; provoke and allow each student to
explore and question the world of knowledge and
information.

This can only be accomplished if the choice of
courses could be left up to the student himself.
Whenever possible all university requirements
should be abolished with only major requirements
mandatory.

I am in favor of total pass/ail and hope that
cvcntua."y total Pass-Fail whould be granted to any
student who may want it.

Both Pass Fall and our current A-E grading
system should be allowed and the student should
have the option of choosing either one.

Being a membcr' on Central Council and
Academic Affairs Commission. I was notified during
the summer of the decision by the Board of

 

Trustees rules and regulations regarding campus
disorders. l carefully read the information and
guidelines and approve of it completely.

I believe that because most students do not know
enough university professors they should not be
allowed to take part and vote for them in the
faculty elections to the Faculty Senate.

ROBERT SICHEL

I am running for a posltion in the Faculty Senate
because I feel that I could adequately represent the
students’ feelings in the main policy-making body of
this school. First and foremost I believe this school
must become more aware of the outside world and
its repercussions on university life. This school is
beginning to go in this direction, as seen in the
appropriation of $3,000 for the buses to
Washington on November 15. I would also like to
see, along this same line, not just minimal support
for the October 15 moratorium, but all classes
cancelled.

Secondly, I think that the students must hold a
major part in the decisions concerning this campus.
After all, the university is here for the benefit of the
students, not for the faculty and the administration.
I would like to serve on this body in order to be a
part in the decisions concerning myself and the rest
of the people involved in the education process of
this university.

While professional administrators find it odious
to be told what to do by some backwoods politico,
they seem to think that it is not inconsistent or
hypocritical if they declare that a Sociology major
must waste one-half of his college career taking
required courses which have not only bored him,
but have also unfairly burdened him.

It then seems to follow that the question which
candidates for Faculty-Student Senate should give
judicious consideration to is, not only what the role
of the university is in the surrounding community,
but what the roles of the University inhabitants
(administrators, faculty and students) are in relation
to each other. 1 am running for Faculty-Student
Senate to try and establish an active and central role
for students in the multiversities of today.

PERRY SILVERMAN

I feel obligated as a candidate for University
Senate to answer the ASP's questions at this time.

I see the goals of the University as providing an
environment where a person is permitted to develop
his ideas concerning politics and society without
interference from the world outside of the campus.
The University should attempt to provide a
sanctuary for freedom of thought. The University
should also have the goal of developing a desire in
its students to act, not just think. The major
American social problems cannot be solved by
meditating over them.

Greater student participation in governing the
University is the major way toward achieving thcsc
goals. It requires the student to think about
improving his campus environment, and to act to
rnahe the improvement.

On the subject of required courses, I do not
believe in their necessity. A student should be
allowed to choose the courses that he thinks are
important to his education.

I support an eventual total Pass-Fail system to
take the academic pressures away from a person's
education. The feared "problem" of getting into
grad school form a university with a Pass-Fail
system has been found as almost not existing by
colleges already having this grading system.

On the Trustees' rules concerning student
conduct, I believe that although they were intended
to protect the rights and safety of students and
faculty, a number of provisions actually denied
people on campus those civil liberties which were
supposed to be protected. Some of the regulations
we now have to live by are oppressive.

I also believe that students should have thc right
to participate in electing faculty members of
University Scnalc. It is necessary for the growth in
responsibility of student participation.

MARIE STAIANO

This university is not fulfilling its motto in that
many of the policies presently employed actually
prevent the student from becoming “all that he is
capable of being." Forcing students to take required
courses has proved valueleas-and yet we still retain
this system. There are many courses we would like
to take but cannot simply because there isn't
enough time for free electives. Why be forced to
take twelve hours of math and science, nine hours
of humanities ctc., while the opportunity to take
certain courses of lntcrcst must be passed by?
Requirements have their place withln a particular
liold of specialization, but gcnorul university
requirements are a waste of our time and money.

The student should be given every opportunity to
explore those subject areas which interest him.
However, he is again limited by another part of our
system - the cumulative average. Because the "cum"
has become such an important crltorion, a student
may shy away from a partlculur course because he
feels that it is too dlfficult to get 11 good grade In it

continued on page I l

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, I969

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 9

 

 

 

 

 

‘ BIRDS HIT

 

 

Danes Tie Central Conn;
Travel to BIT Saturday

The Varsity soccer team
continued to play good soccer
Saturday but, at the same time,
also continued their winless
streak.

Coming off a tough loss to RPI,
one of the East’s ﬁnest teams, last
Wednesday, Coach Bill
Schieffalin's charges took the field
against Central Connecticut
without the assistance of starter
John Thayer who fractured ribs
against RPI and who will be out
for the remainder of the season.
Captain Jim Sheer was also not at
full strength for the game since he
too was injured against the
Engineers.

The Danes jumped off to a
quick lead scoring in the first
period. Sheer posted the marker
for his third of the season. The
half ended at 1—0. Albany scored
again in the third period on
another tally by Sheer. With the
defense doing a superlative job
and the attackmen peppering the
Connecticut goal tender with
numerous fine shots, State seemed
to have the game well in hand.

Central Connecticut did not
give up, however, as they came
back to score in the third period.
After a big fracus in front of the
Dane goal, a Connecticut booter
kicked the ball in to bring the
count to 2-1. Then, late in the
game, the visitors were awarded a
free kick at the State goal. Goalie
Terry Jordan made the grab but
then dropped the ball only to
have a Connecticut player convert
the mishap into a goal to knot the

AM

by Mike Schweigcrt

After two full Wl'i'ks of play,
APA loads League l wilh 7 points.
'l‘icd for second arc UPS and S'l'll,
both with (5 points. [n l'ourlh is
Potter wilh 5 points. while Kll

and TXO arc licd for fifth wilh 12
points apiece, and slill last is
Johnson with l).

UFS won a thriller against KB

with a Royce Vuu Evcru to Paul
Roy TD pass in l.lll' lust.
seconds, and somc hpr from tho
clock. KB‘s Al Zurumhn grabbed a
60 yard puns at Ll“! UFH scvcn,
but time run out below K15 was
uhlc tn scorc.

l’nttcr's Kuvin Slwchun soon-(l

on u 15 yard inlcrccptiun early in
the first half, but pnlonl H'l'll
come back in the svcond hall' In
score on a 15 yard pass to Miln-

Puvy. lmridcntally, this was Lho
ﬁrst game this year in which lwu
teams have scored.

APA's Lance Bomfsky gruhbud
ﬁrst half TD bombs of ‘15 and -lH
yards to pace his team to in 12-0
win over ’l‘XO. APA'H dofcusc

 

FUN WORKING IN EUROPE

   

Summer and Year Round JOllS‘AllROAl): (lot puid. mccl peo-
ple, learn a language, travel, enjoy
lhun llflccn countries. Foreign language

for Incmbcrshlp and 34-1)" ‘0 llluslrulcl . '1
zinc. complete with delals and llp)llcllllolls lo Illlll‘l‘lllllltll
Soclety for Training and Culture, 806 ultcd Nations llamn, New

York. N. Y., a non-profit student membership organization,

score and provide what proved to
be the final outcome.

All in all, the Dane defense
again was very fine. The attack
cannot be faulted either as they
outshot their guests by a 20-8
count. According to Coach
Schieffelin, the team could have

conceivably scored ten goals.
Saturday, the squad travels to
Rochester to play a very strong
RIT contingent. Schleffelin hopes
that maybe the breaks will fall to
the Danes this time so the team
can break into the win column.

State Downs City,Loses
to Post-Stonitsch Stars

by Mark Grand

Coach Munsey‘s varsity barriers
traveled south Saturday to meet
CCNY and C.W. Post in a
triangular meet. Trying to
improve on its 4-3 record, State
defeated the city runners but
succumbed to the powerful
Pioneers.

Led by all-American Ron
Stonitch, Post copped the first
four spots with Stonitch turning
in a time of 25.18 on the five mile
course. This remains as a course
recur as Saturday's meet marked
the first time the course has been
used in competition.

Albany's Pat Gepforl and
Dennis Kackett placed fifth and
sith respectively, one minute off
the pace with times of 26.15 and
26.18. Both were positioned
behind Stonitch but were passed
by three Pioneer runners in the
last three hundred yards. Clark
Kent, the top CCNY hurricr

IA

now has not ullowod a point to be

scored :Iguinsl it in four games.
lll’S made it two straight as
lhcy (lcl'cul.l'(l .lnlmsun llull 27-1).

llli'S's Von I'Ivcru was nutrilunding,
chum-cling 1m 'l'l)'s of IO, Al, and
Jill yards 10 lluy, in all, lic
l'inislu-d wilh ll/L’h the host, 11
llll‘ li-ngul- this your.

()1! Sunday al‘lvrnmm, l’ollvr
(‘udcd UFS' winning slrunk with a
6-0 Vll'llll'y. l’nllur's scurc cumc
on an cud-around to Jim Kcating,
cumplvll-ly fouling UFS' (lcl'cnsc
and allowing him to score
untouched from (illl' fool out.
Mmm-nts uurlicr, UliS lllnL‘lu-(l u
l'icld goal attempt and took ovvr
pnsscssion nu lhu 22. 'l‘lwy Wt‘l‘i'
unnth In muvu, and u had punl
gave l’ultur Ilw hall on tho 30
from which they sr'urud l'uul‘ plays
lulcr.

lu II hard-fought llcl‘cnsivc
l)ull|I-, S'I‘B (lul'i-ull'il KB 71). A
wcird punl kicked backwards by
KB guvu STB the break they
llt!(‘(ll'(l. 'l‘hcy mow-(l to flu- five
WllL‘l‘l' QB Larry Mcycrs l'ircd u
strlkc to Duvy l'nr lllc winning
score.

 

“w ..

! Nine job categories in more
not (isscnlud Send $1.00
(1 JOBS AllllUAl) magn-

 

finished tenth.

Coach Munsey cites Post, along
with Boston State as the two
roughest teams we have faced this
year. Both will appear in the
Albany Invitational meet
scheduled for Homecoming
weekend.

Being the only team to defeat
the Pioneers last year, the L.I.
runners were determined to
avenge that setback. However,
Coach Munscy was elated in
State’s victory over CCNY, as it
was the first time facing the city
team.

Summing up our performance,
Coach Munsey stated “we didn’t
run very well or very poorly, we
just face a fine Post team."

Albany's Harriers take their 5-4
record to New Paltz Thursday and
the Couch is “confident we can
beat them." A victory will insure
the tcam u .500 record for the
scusnn.

Baby Danes Lose to MVCC

The junior vanity soccer team
traveled to Mohawk Valley
Community College this past
Saturday for their 5 ad
encounter of the year. '1 :y
looked forward to match their
previous defeat with a victory.
Unfortunately, they were not
successful.

Mohawk moved out into a
‘ quick 1-0 lead and were never
headed as their defense proved
too difficult for the Baby Danes
to penetrate. MVCC added

another counter late in the urn
half to up their lead to 2-0 which
proved to be the final tally.

State’s defense stiffened in the
second half but, obviously, was a
little late. As yet the offense has
not been too productive only
being able to muster one goal in
the first two games. They were
outshot 21-12.

Tomorrow, the team travels to
RPI to play a very tough Engineer
club. Coach John Barrett looks
for improvement in the squad.

SPORTS SHORTS

There will be a meeting for
those freshmen interested in
playing freshman basketball
today, Oct. 14, at 5 pm. in room
125 of the Physical Education
Building.

On Wed. Oct. 15, at 4:00 P.M.
on the Dutch Quad Courts, a
Tennis clinic will be held.
Anybody wanting to play, or
wanting instruction is invited.
Volleyball lntramurnls will begin
Oct. 14 for the Tues. night league
and Oct. 16 for the Thurs. night
league. WRA Is expecting an
exciting season fromthe more
than 20 teams which have joined
the competition.

The jogging club is running very
smoothly and is still open for
membership. Call Mary Wimmer
at 7-4684. Anyone interested in
fooiciating High School and WRA
volleyball games and/or high

school soccer games is invited to
join the ofﬁcials club. Contact
Joan Viskocil at 7-4684.

Fencing lessons and practice in
Foil will be available to all
university people Wednesday
evening 7:30-9:00 in the Dance
Studio, Physical Education
Building. No experience is
necessary. If you were unable to
attend the first meeting, some
Wednesday for excitement and
exercise. Touch!!!

Freshmen John Comerford
(Catholic Central, Troy) and Rene
Hebert (South Glens Falls) have
been chosen to co—captain the JV
harriers. Mills and Gepfert are the
varsity leaders. Comerford
lettered in track (indoor and
outdoor) and cross-country at
CCHS.

 

 

WE g2! carried away when

 

 

you come around...
and we love it!

 

Budweiser.

is the only beer in America

that’s Beechwood Aged
(But you know that.)

ANIIIUSEIl-BUSCM, INC. - SI. lOUIS - NEWARK - L05 ANGELES - IAMPA I llOUSION c COLUMBUS I JACKSONVILLE

 

 

 

 

