 

meson, NOVEMBER n, ma

 

ALBANY swosn'r mess

ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS

Police-fut

HOW CAN You CHANGE your
CHARACTER A5 RAD/(ALLY
A5 THAT? HAVE You No

 

Editorial Comment WHAT You m 1051 mew WAS
TOTALLY 007 OF (HA RACTER,’

[rs GOT To BE A FRONT/ assembly?

 

 

' Washington D.C.

The massive demonstration in Washington DC. this week-end'
cannot be overlooked, even by those who refuse to be inﬂuence by
what happens ‘in the streets.’ As far as its effect will help bring the
Vietnam War to an end, it deserves our whole-hearted support.

It is imperative that those who will be demonstrating realize that
the strength of today’s anti-war movement is dependent upon the

SE?

[8315 THE

good will of a largely white, middle-class population. if this grovp
should be alientated, from those who advocate a ‘Dovisli‘ policy in

Asia, the peace movement will have been dealt a serious blow.

To attain maximum inﬂuence within the political structure must be
the objective of the demonstration. It is essential that incidents which
might provoke a ‘backlash’ be avoided. Incidents of violence are likely

While it is of the utmost importance that the policy makers be
aware of the depth of feeling within the peace movement, one must

WRENGTH 0F CoNV/(T/ONS‘?

I HAVE A
to do more harm than good in bringing the war to its speediest LOUS Y (HMMTERI)
conclusion. /

ask himself if the time, money, and energy, spent on a crusade to
Washington, might be better spent writing letters to those with
inﬂuence in Washington. The possibility of violence in the capitol has
generated fear in Senators Fulbright and Javits, among other war

critics.

To those going to Washington, we plead that you do your utmost
to keep the the demonstration peaceful and orderly. To those not
participating it is urged that you make your discontent with the war

known to your representatives in government.

B.K.

 

COMM UNI CA TI 0N8

 

Open letter to Dean Chesin

Dr. Chesin:

“Drugs on campus” has been a much disputed
topic on and off the campus. Discussion on this
issue has been endless; solutions have been unclear.
Drugs has been construed to be an “ill of society ,"
and yet has society attempted to cure its “ill”? Are
the police the remedy to such an “ill”?

The University has attempted to clarify its
position on the issue, but has it answered the
question morally? The University is in a dilemma as
to its role and purpose. Is the University not
committed to help and educate its students?
Should not the University‘s role he as an educator,
on the topic of drugs, and as a counselor to those
who seek help and a cure of their "ills"? I do not
feel that condemnation is the answer the University
is seeking.

Yet there is another facet of the issue which
should be considered. The University, as a public
institution is pledged to uphold the laws of the
state, including those which condemn use of drugs
and subject violators to punishment. Hence, the
Administration is placed in the position of a public
trust and subsequently it is obligated to
acknowledge the rules of the society of which it in s
member.

Shall the University dedicate itself to uphold the
laws of the State or to educate the students it
serves? Truly, you are faced with a problem of great
magnitude which merits extensive contemplation.
You must decide for us, as students, our position in
this dilemma.

You have stated in the ASP, on November
7,1969, that “One of the reasons most colleges and
universities have taken on a more legalistic type of
relationship with students is because students have
asked for this type of relationship.” I ask you, are
we subject to the/attitudes and relationships other
universities have with their students? Are you
entirely aware of student opinion on this campus
concerning the usage of drugs and its legalistic
consequences? I strongly suggest that you reevaluate
your relationships with the students of this
University.

You were also quoted as saying “Ten yoars ago
this (the oncampus drug arrest of four students of
Oct. 15) would never have been handled by the
police.” Are we to assume that 10 years ago the
University viewed the drug issue as a purely
educational matter to be handled internally, and
now the Universtiy has stepped aside to allow the
police to “solve” the problem?

As we. students, are products on this society, so
too, is the University a part of the existing
American culture. As we strive to seek an aducation
we implore you to reevaluate your role in relation
to us and to society, and to seek the educational
solution to the problem at hand.

My fellow students and l hopefully await
clariﬁcation of your position.

Sincerely,

Noah Nixon Paul Lieberman
“Do you believe in omens, Archie?"

“0h, Harvey! This is the twentieth century, man.

Omens don’t make it."

"Oh I agree, I agree, I do. I used to anyway, but
certain unequivocal, indubitable, and irrefutable
facts have shaken my normally stable,
incontrovertible, ineradicable, immutable mind."

“Thank you, Mr. Roget. Now what do you
mean?”

“It’s this. The eldritch cericness of the elements
have endues the eloquent toquacity of our sacrosacl
seneschal."

“...Uh Harv, I left my thesaurus at home. erul
interpreting?"

“Dummy. its been raining ever since l-'l)tou
opened up his big mouth on Monday, November .l."

“Hey, yeah. it rained the day before too,
thou h.“

“l call that Agnew-dew. He started it. I'm afraid
that if we don‘t March on Washington November
15, the gods will institute instant replay of the arc
affair.”

"Yeah. then the new Nixon will be known as
Noah Nixmrl" “Touche.”

B Yours guly,
en amin acon

Meet Me Tomorrow 1
To the Editor of the ASP:

The “dichotomy” editorial in Tuesday‘s ASP was
vary interesting, describing as it it did the difference
between students with certain goals in mind who
accept a structured educational system, and those
students who, “sorely confused, certainly
impractical." "come with no premeditated goals,"
and “wish to spend four—or ﬁve or six or more
--ycars of their life developing their
individuality."

You cry for an answer, and action, to help the
latter group. More is the real dichotomy. the
paradox. How do we find answers to these agonizing
problems without careful study, orderly thought,
indccd without historical, psychological, statistical
and other considerations? How can we have action
if neither you nor we know what you want? And
yet, you call for no structure, no order, no grades,
no requirements, no credit hours (no degree.
perhaps?). How can you have an “idealistic
developmental center" without some structure:
rooms, plumbing, and at least some rules of
procedure?

A way out of this dilemma llua ocen found by
many who have not been able to attend a university
or who have chosen to avoid formal afﬁliation.
There are many really educated people who have
never seen the inside ofa college. Our society is full
of libraries, discussion groups, adult education
programs, concerts, TV, churches, and other sources
of education. It would be possible to spend ten
years on this campus, sitting in the classrooms, in
the campus center, in the library and the
theater-music building, without ever a grade or a
credit.

But if you do want the university to testify to
your capabilities and achievements, how can it do so

without some kind of evidence that you are
actually here, that you have developed some of your
abilities, that you are, worthy of recognition? lfyou
don’t need this recognition, then what is your
complaint? Postscript:

A slave-master attutude? It is not clear to me who
are the slaves and who the masters.

Total lack ot communication? By whom? Have
you tried? When l ﬁrst arrived here, a long time ago,
some students and faculty were actively
axmnnicating and some still are. Do you seek out
professors? l try every approach 1 can devise to get
the students to communicate with me, and yet not
over 5% of my students ever enter my ofﬁce. Most
mornings at 10:00 I sit, sad and lonely, in the
cafeteria. Meet me there tomorrow.

. Richard S. Hauscr
Musmgs Professor of Biology

Fellow friends, assorted, misfits,

armaments and bomb the north; atomic anns. we
need a cruciﬁxion on every square pole. if we only '
saw the ﬁve, thundering bullets and mortars upons
regents’ receivers, jumping from roof to roof tossing
Obscenities and genocide upon green eyed drips.
hope huh? nope! a little paregoric then kill
premeditated, aim below the belt and catch the
train. until surrounded never yield but die with
fingers dripping green liberated eye balls.
exempt—beyond a shadow the ﬁve have. passional
paciﬁsm-

yours,
but a Muse

P STAFF

________________.
The Albany Strident Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany, The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by SA.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.

The ASP phones are 457-2190,2194.

Editors-In-Chtcf
Jill Paznik & Ira Wolfman

News Editors . . , , . , , , , . . . Kathy Huaeman
Anita 'I‘hayer
Assistant News Editors . . . , . . . . Nancy Durish
Carol Hughes
Arts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daue Fink

Assistant Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . Mark Grand

Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pat O'Hern

Assistant Technical Editors . . . . . .Torn Clingun

Linda Staszah
Photography Editor . . . . . . . . Andy Hochberg
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Rlbak
Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . .Danlel Foxman
Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . Barry Klrschner

 

The Editorial Policy of the Albany Student Pro- is

 

 

 

 

determined by the Editorl-ln-Chlﬂ.

 

 

 

 

 

Vol. lVl No. I5

State University of New York at Albany

Viet huts cause problems,
Student MOBE faces admin.

by Al Senia and Neill Shanahan

A bizane and potentially
explosive chain of events ended
abruptly yesterday afternoon
when thirty University students
peacefully removed two
“Vietnamese huts" from the
Academic Podium. The action
followed a meeting with Vice
President Thorne in which the
students and administration
agreed the huts would be
dismantled.

Before the day’s events ended,
one student had been turned over
to Security for setting a third hut
on ﬁre on the podium early
Thursday morning.

The story began at four o‘clock
Wednesday afternoon when
university ofﬁcials summoned Bill
O’Kain and Professor Don Carrier
as representatives of Student

0 to a meeting. There,
Professor Alfred Finklestein, Dr.
Thorne, and Terry Mathias
presented the university’s case for
the removal of the three huts on
the Academic Podium.

The huts had been under
construction since Monday
morning and were built to
illustrate the Vietnamese situation
before the war, destruction during
the war, and reconstruction
afterwards.

Apparently, it was the opinion
of Mr. John Buckoff, Director of
Physical Plant, that the huts
constituted a safety hazard, which
prompted university officials to
order their removal at this

meeting. However, the university
placed great emphasis on the fact
that the huts would block the
“normal ﬂow of traffic" on the
podium.

After considerable debate, Bill
O’Kain and Professor Carrier
agreed to remove the displays.
Later that night. the agreement
broke down.

Bill O’Kain stormed out of
post-meeting conversations when
he was accused by Dr. Thorne of
attempting to force his own
opinions, and those of MOBE on
others.

At 7:30 the same night, MOBE
had an operational meeting where
the students. many of whom had
spent long hours constructing the
huts, voted to ignore the
University on the grounds that it
was suppressing free political
expression. it was pointed out
that ofﬁcials have often permitted
the podium to be used for events
such as State Fair and the
Homecoming Parade, which led to
disruption of “normal student
trafﬁc."

At 11 pm. MOBE students
completed ﬁnal moratorium work
in the Humanities building. Dean
Chesin, after failing to reach ﬁnal
agreement on removal of the huts
over the telephon with Prof.
Carrier, arrived to reiterate the
University’s position. A ﬁery
debate followed, with the dean
refusing to budge from his stand,
though he was unable to refute all
of the students’ arguments.

He claimed the huts would

block the ﬂow of trafﬁc on the
podium and thus were a safety
danger; the students argued that
tables and a trampoline blocked
movement on the podium during
Activities Day with university
sanction. The dean said he was
unaware of this.

He then accused the students of
violating an agreement reached
earlier at the afternoon meeting;
they charged the agreement was
invalid since tltc administration
had called the meeting at the last
minute. This did not allow the
students to consult among
themselves and decide a set
policy.

The students offered to
compromise and move the huts
onto the grass of the
administrative circle. However,
Dean Chesin argued that this

Continued on page 3

.« v :2 ism-w

Friday. November l4. I969

t ~—

 

a

me SAGA or SUNYA'S VIETNAMESE ours: from podium—to—
mall, back to podium and ﬁnally, removal by students

---benjamin

Views on Campus Disorders

to be gath

by Sharon Philipson

The Ad Hoc Committee on
Rules and Regulations of Central
Council will conduct a student
opinion poll on niles to govern
the maintenance of order at the
University, November 17 and 18
from 10-4100 p.m. in the main
lobby of the Campus Center.

Albany High confrontation:

police

by Brian Moss

The only thing agreed upon by
those involved in the Albany High
School situation is that nobody
knows the true story. Each side in
the conﬂict, and there are many,
has presented a differing story
concerning its involvement. The
only facts that are clear in the
dispute seem to show that the
Albany Police Department used
undue force in evicting protesting
students from the high school
auditorium, and this issue has
clouded over the original
controversy.

Last week. black students at
Albany High, who comprise
approximately 25% of the school,
formulated a list of demands to be
presented to Headmaster John
Bach. Some of the points included
a black studies program, to be
taught by black faculty, an end to
subtle and not so subtle
discrimination by teachers,
permission to wear Afros and
Afro-American clothing without
harassment, and the hiring of
black cooks to prepare soul food.
Bach made no reply.

On Monday, students met with
Dr. llepinstall, superintendent of
schools, however, little was
resolved and another mceting was
scheduled for 10 a.m. Wednesday
with I‘lcpinstall and 6 black
students. At this point, the facts
become hazy.

Wednesday morning saw a
group of approximately 250
students, primarily from the high
school, although some were from

intervene

the University, sitting in the
auditorium.

While these students were in
the auditorium. Hepinstall did not
keep his meeting with the six
students.

However, as it appeared that
the students were ready to agree
to leave the auditoriu, twenty
policemen, earring riot clubs and

brutally

wearing yellow helmets, entered
the auditorium. They told the
group that if they did not leave,
they would be arrested.

According to a teacher who was
in the hall outside the auditorium
at the time, approximately
one’third of the students were on
the way out when the police and

Continued on page 2

Questions to be included in the
poll are:

1. Do you think the rules
should stay as they are?

(a) Yes

(b) No

2. Do you think that the
penalties for students who violate
the rules (expulsion or such lesser
actions according to the facts of
the case) are:

(a) too harsh

(b) too lax

(c) ﬁne the way they are

(d) abstain

3. Do you feel the penalties for
“visitors” who violate the rules
(Sect. 5b) are:

(a) too harsh

(b) too lax

(c) ﬁne the way they are

(d) abstain

Do you feel that the

penalties for "invitees" who
violate the rules (Sect. 5a) are:
(a) too harsh
(b) too lax
(c) ﬁne the way they are
(d) abstain

s FINEST stands a watchful guard as students parade around Albany Muniei al Building
to show support for students arrested as a result of police action at the Albany High School We nesday.

 

--benjamtn

cred on Monday

5. Do you think that a separate
board to investigate any charges
of misconduct of students sould
be established?

(a) Yes

(b) No

6. Do you think that this power
should be delegated to the
University Student Judicial
Committee?

(a) Yes

(b) No

The poll is in accordance with
the recent ly enacted State law
whereby State University Trustees
have required every college and
university in New York to submit
regulations concerned with public
order.

Copies of the approved
regulations formulated by the
Trustees of the State University
are the basis of the opinion poll
and found in Student Guidelines.

Should these fundamental rules
set by the Trustees fail to reﬂect
student opinion, a reappraisal of
the rules and a subsequent
structuring of laws specifically for
this university will be made by the
Ad Hoc Committee.

Any additions or changes to the
State plan must be approved by
both ofﬁcials of this university
and those of the State University
of New York.

The Board of Trustees has left
it up to the University to establish
a manner in which charges for
violation of any of the rules shall
be presented and punishment
applied. At present, no provision
has been made for this by the
University.

The results of the poll will
determine if a new board sould be
set up to deal with charges for
rule violation or if this sould be
delegated to the University
Student Judicial Committee,
under the auspices of LAAC.

All students must have their
validation card and ID card in
order to vote. In a matter of such
crucial importance to every
student it is imperative that the
state regulations be read and
considered in the context of this
University before voting in the

ll.

po

 

