nneeded manor.

Experience is an excellent teacher. At least, this has been the lesson
of the' attempt of CURE to. end university requirements. For
evidently, this attempt has shown that the University has created a

' structure which makes it quite difficult to accomplish positive reform.
'Undeniably,‘the administration here has been benevolent and is t
- willing to institute reforms—especially when those reforms do not
interfere in basic academics. However, the CURE experience has been
such that we must surmise that when reforms such as the abolition (of
requirements) which invade the academic world are pushed for, the
road is far more twisting and complicated.

We support the proposal for abolition of requirements, for reasons
enumerated in this space previously this semester.

' We believe that the sooner they are abolished, the better for all
concerned. That is why all the channels that have suddenly cropped
up to thwart (or more precisely, sidetrack) the eventual dissolution of
University \ requirements are so distressing. They are not, to our
thinking, necessary nor important for students. I _ I

If and/or when re uirements are abolished on the Universrty-Wtde
level, there will still e another way to institute them. Through the
departmental levels. We find this far superior to the current system, if
those requirements will drawn up by a student-faculty committee. In
any event, the current system should be scrapped.

We feel that all the roadblocks standing in the way of requirement
aboliton are unnecessary; we stronly hope that the move to end
requirements will soon be on the road to fulﬁllment.

Russian Past Time

We are happy to announce the formal non existence of SUNYA‘s
new Russian Department. As of now only peaceful persistence has
kept alive the hope of transferring out the Russian sector from the
department of Germanic and Slavic languages. Russian language and
literature studies deserve as much structural and financial authority as
German studies. '

Surely a new department (overdue to say the least) accords With
the concept of responsibility which this university‘s administration
has repeatedly emphasized. Or is that another myth?

_ .. _,.~a—_<;~._m..g‘,~___. -..,,.._ ;,._ ,

Communications

An Approach to Song My

An approach to Song My situation avoiding
motives of fear. hate, anticommunism. patriotism,
etc., but not eliminating their signifance.

In order to understand the Song My massacre of
men, women and children one sltould try to realize
the meaning of a word that was used in an
interview, on CBS news, by an active participant iii
the killings, The word "gook" used, by the service
man to describe Vietnamese is significant in
understanding how a man can be a part of such an
“atrocity.” l ltnve heard this word used by many
veteran service men of Viet Nam and, from context,
“gook” describes and categorizes things, not
idiosyncratic human beings.

The Vietnamese, perceived by “our standards,"
are skintty, ugly, starving caricatures struggling for
survival on a day to day basis. Accordingly they
look debasing and parfomi dcbasing activities. Not
having cognizance and human compassion for the
situation that the Vietnamese ﬁnd themselves some
service men see them as lowly things. An essential
ingredient in order to have the ability to kill, is to
see things, not humans.

This leads to interesting questions. How does the
armed forces indoctrinate men in order that they be
capable of killing humans or is the seed already
there awaiting exploitation? Is it controlahle, can it
be directed "advantageously" to kill only
"enemies", especially iti Viet Nam?

Whether the word or method of such a thing as
“gook” is used consciously or unconsciously as a
way of indoctrination by the armed forces is
irrelevant. What is important is that it exists. It is
not the word per se but its meaning which places
the service titati in the Song My situation. Maybe the
source of this abstraction cart be found Ironic.

"You don’t know who the etictity is“ and "they
all look the same" are also frequent expressions of
veteran service men of Viet Nam. As long as service
men are unable to differentiate "friend" frotii
"enemy", especially when “they all look the same,"
how is one to expect a decline in civilian (“gook”)
murders? The style of absurdity in Viet Nam
precludes cessation of mass murder of Vietnamese
civilians.

All that is needed are the right ingredients, which
have existed in the past and still exist now, for
another Song My, or worse yet, the continuous
aggregation of single or smaller group killings that
go unnoticed. i

Chauncey Del’ree, Jr.
477 Livingston Ave. Albany

NO MORE ISSUES OF THE ASP WILL APPEAR THIS TERM, on
December l2;aitd December 16. 'l'he'next lame following-that will
appurtbetbstwettu'Febn-y. " '  '

f  .9L’i‘969 5

rt

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

Write Nixon!

To the Editor:

It’s Christmas time, I know, but there are some
480,000 Americans who won't be home for
Christmas this year. And there are sonic 40,000 who
will never see another Christmas again. Maybe I’m a
little strange or something, but I don’t like this
situation one bit and I think it can be changed.

Richard Nixon continually says that we’ve done
all we can to end the war and that the next move is
up to Communists. Well our President is wrong;we
can do more, should, must, and l hope-will.

The usual Christmas cease fire period will be
shortly upon us. Here is another place where we can
take the initiative in trying to end this regrettable
war. We MUST call for a PERMANENT CEASE
FIRE. We MUST take this risk for peace.

The President has this THING about receiving
mail in favor of his policies. After his famous silent
majority speech, he received 40,000 telegrams
supporting what he said. He seemed to think that
this was a mandate to continue his “plan.”

Peace people aren't wealthy. We can't afford
telegrams. BUT everyone can afford a six cent
stamp. On December 12, this month’s moratorium
day, I urge everyone to write Mr. Nixon in letter
imploring-ltim to call for a permanent cease fire.
And when we all go home for vacation, write Nixon
another letter and urge your friends to do likewise.

This is Christmas time, a time to display goodwill
toward your fellow man. If you care at all about
your fellow man, write the President. For Christ‘s
sake, swamp the President with cease the Christmas
cards. Give peace a chance. Give a damn.

Alexander Polk

Steps to Nature

To the Editors:

The tttosi exciting development in the figltt to
preserve the environment is the effort to involve
young Americans in the battle. Tltc first step in this
program is the April 23, 1070 environmental
“tench-in" on the Nation's campuses recently called
for by Senator Gaylord Nelson.

Er have to face the fact that, while we are all
aware of the increasing seriousness of the
environmental crisis, we have failed so far to
generate the drive atid dedication to make the
necessary changes in National attitudes. institutions
and laws to mch the challenge. We desperately ticcd
the new ideas and new directions that cart only be
provided by the new gencration--wliicli has already
demonstrated its commitment to improving the
quality of our life and its ability to effectively
redirect national priorities.

l have been Ill contact with students on every
campus itt New York State offering wliatcvcr
assistance I cart lend to their efforts. I hope that
every conservation group and each individual
concerned with the cmironment will Icitd his
enthusiastic support to this iroject. At the same
titne. I think it is important that we recognize that
this progrutii cannot rely upon the unsuccessful
policies arid methods of the past. If the new effort is
to be successful, the students themselves must
develop their own priorities and programs.

The essential ﬁrst step is to get the widest
possible circulation for information regarding the
‘teach-ln" on New York State campuses. I have
already contacted several thousand students and
.studeat organizations but. we need tozreach many

more.

In order to help the students get started on the
difficult job of inter-campus coordination, I will be
distributing reports dealing with developments on
the various campuses, current environmental
problems and other related matters. As enthusiasm
and involvement builds, this function will, of
course, be taken over by the students themselves. In
the meantime, however, if you ltave information
that you would like to be distributed to the
campuses, I hope you will bring it to my attention.

Finally, it is essential to develop aii inventory of
human resources throughout the State-experts who
might be willing to serve as speakers or assit the
students in developing programs and concerned
individuals who can serve as a source of
encouragement and support. I would appreciate it if
you would send inc the names and . Jdresses of any
persons or groups whom you think might be useful
in this area.

I look forward to ltearing of your enthustastie

support of this effort. Sincerely

Richard L. Ottingcr
Member of Congress

Mankind +meals

To the Editor:

Last Tuesday I noticed a friend going to eat his
contract meal. Knowing lie could well afford iti this
small way to help supply food to Biafrans I asked
him why he wasn't contributing. He answered that
lie was sick of seeing his money spent on foreign aid
(he included the U.S.‘s defense spending as foreign
aid) and little being done in the U.S. While I can see
his point about the inadequacies of our domestic
progratiis, I question his indifference to starving
people simply because they aren't American. Would
it not be simpler to establish a democratic and
humane society if American patriots and others of
tltf the world could develop a spirit of mankind.
Americans might have to deplete their stockpile of
food and pay a little more in taxes, but it seems that
this would effect a tttore lasting peace than armed
equilibrium. Dan Quigley

Alden l-lall

 

 

STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two times a
week by the Student Association at the Stlta University
of New York at Albany. The ASP editorial office ll
located In room 384 at the Campus Center. Thll
newspaper ls landed by S. A. tax. The ASP was founded
by the class of 1918. The ASP phones are 467-2190,
219‘- Editors-in-Chiaf

Jill Paznik & Ira Wolfman
News Editors . . . . , . . . . . . . . . Kathy Huscman
Anita ’I‘ltayer
Arts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daue Fink

Assistant Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . .Mnrh Grand

Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pat O'Hern

Assistant Technical Editors . . . . . . ’l‘om Clingan
Linda Staszah

Photography Editor . . . . . . . . .Marty iieri/amin
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . Clutch Ribah
Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . . Daniel Foxntan
stuns Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . Barry K irachner

TM Editorial Policy at the Albany Studlnt Pm II
 by ' the “WW. '

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vol. lVI nc.'l9

Governance changes-

hopefully

by Bob Warner

Last Tuesday night, the
Committee onUniversity
Governance met to discuss the
problems of SUNYA’s governing
system and began to formulate
ideas for possible recomm-
endations to the University Senate
in the near future.

Those serving on the committee
are: Deans Chesin, Morris, and
Perlmutter, Professors Edelman
(Chairman) and Tibbetts, and
Terry Mathias, President of
Student Association. Dr. Margaret
McKenna served as secretary.

The Committee, which was
formed last February, was the
initiator of the University Senate
at the university. Now that this is
a reality, the committee is seeking
to improve its creation, since the
Senate's composition is only
temporary.

The Committee‘s goal is to
eventually propose a bill or a list
of recommendations to the
University Senate that will
hopefully represent all segments
of the University community.

A member of the maintenance
staff asked the panel for a say in
university policy, because much
of it affects them. Parking,
recreation, and security were cited
as parts of university maintenance
function. He believes that he and
his colleagues should have an
influence in the direction of
partainetit appropriations.

Dean Chesin, in response, asked
if maintenance workers are
concerned with university
governance. Mr. Robert

Football

State Unicmlty- of New York at Albany.

imminent

'Tltorstensen, of the English
Department, added that he does
not believe that maintenance staff
has as great a stake at the
university as does the teaching
faculty; subsequently, the
former‘s representation should be
considerable less, if anything at
It

a .

A possible role iti school
governance for univesity
secretaries was also discussed.

The deﬁnition of the three
university groups- students,
faculty, staff- was unclear to
everyone attending. This, of
course, tniist be resolved before a
discussion on the reapportion-
mettt of the university power
structure cart begin. Most Iikelv.

continued on page 6

Moratorium III

ANTI-DRAFT
DEMONSTRATIONS

MONDAY DEC. IS
MEET AT STATE
CAPITOL STEPS
AT 12:00 NOON
MARCH T0
INDUCTION CENTER
BRING SIGN

ANTI-WAR DAY
TUESDAY l2/l6/69
ASSEMBLY HALL

I0:00—4:00
VARIOUS ANTI-WAR
ACTIVITIES

 

 

 

priority

high with Senate

by Judy Novieky
Another step has been taken iii
the process of seeing football
bccotttc a reality Iterc at tltc
University.

The Educational Policies
Council has rcconintcnded to the
University Senate that “the
highest priority be given to the
allocations of an instructor in
physical education for September,
1970."

This tticans that Charles
O'Rcilly, Vice President for
Academic Affairs, who is
responsible for allocating the
positionlo, Dcnn Gardner.

ncun Gardner, Dean of the
School of Education, will In turn
give Dr. Wcrnct' ((‘ltairtitnn of the
Physical Education) permission to
hire another physical education
instructor mesunmhly with some
coaching experience.

This resolution was introduced
to the Educational Policies
Council by .Scth |'li.'schorn.
However, the lobby in favor of
the resolution Inul left the
Council Mccting.

Since the Council did not wish
to vote while the lobby was out,
the issue was tabled. The motion
to table was tltcti withdrawn.

The original resolution was
withdrawn, rewarded,
resubmitted and finally passed.

Allocations for specific
numbers of faculty positions titust
first go to the individual schools,
then to the specific Departments
where it retitaiits up to [lie
Department Chairmen to hire new
faculty.

W tar-1



.
I;

The obsolescense of the niversity structure was debated and discussed Wednesday night by ined

faculty and students in the informal atmosphere of State Quad‘s U lounge.

...cantor

Math majors petition and
demand immediate changes

by Bob Holmes

If you are a Math major here at
Albany, or if you are only taking
a math course, and are dissatisfied
with the way it is being taught -
you are ttot alone. A petition has
been circulated which demands
“that immediate action be taken
to rectify the present situation
that exists in the Mathematics
department."

The “present situation"
according to some students is that
the method of teaclting calculus in
large lecture sessions is inefficient,
the textbook (chosen supposedly
by one professor) is inappropriate
and inferior, the teachers involved
are apathetic and the graduate
assistants are indifferent and
unprepared, arid lastly‘ that there
is a lack of sensible grading on
exams.

Dean Frisli (of Math and
Sciences) and Dr. Cowling (head
of the Mathematics Department)
met with a group of students last
Thursday and tnore meetings have
been scheduled since.

As the holiday season approaches, dorms and students take on new

faces. Sunday night,
accompaniment for the new mood.

Holiday Sing will

provide musical
...potakowslti

According to Dr. Cowling the
problem is that there is a student
enrollment ofabout 3000 in Matlt
which gives an FTE (Full-Time
enrollment) of approximately
19+. FTE determines the number
of students per professor.

A reasonable FTE is l2-13,
obviously the University‘s is well
above that. “We have tiiorc
students enrolled than we can
handle in a very satisfactory
manner," stated Dr. Cowling.

His philosophy is not to
foreclose any students chance of
taking a math course. He too,
along with the students would
prefer a 3 hour class with no more
than 36 students, equal to 1
credit.

The departntetit is limited to
offering 79 such credits To
attempt this would mean that 73
of these credits would be used by
Freshmen and Sophomores alone.

This leaves a total of 6 credits
for all .lutiiors and Seniors. He
says, “There is no way,
realistically, to do it.“

“We can't spring forth with a
perfect plan overnight." he states

and then complains “Students feel
we have done this unilaterally."

He is rcfering to the decision to
use the large lecture rooms, and
the fact that the administration
insists that they be used since
they are there to be used.

Finally he admits to the fact
that there are many bugs in the
lecture center, but they are not
the responsibility of the math
department.

In the ﬁnal analysis, it seems
that more professors are needed
and it scents that ntoney aitd
resources are not being furnislted
iti areas with demonstrated
teaching needs.

Many individuals disagree with
Dr. Cowling and say that a certain
Professor ltas a workable plan to
reduce the size 'of classes to a
reasonable level.

Others claim that Matli ttiajors
should get special preference and
be in small classes while the
non-majors should get the large
classes.

Still others say that at least one
cottrsc is now being taught itt III
the time it was tnuglit 2 years ago,

continued on page 6

Monday Senate Agenda

The Scnntc of the State University of New York at Albany will

meet Monday December I5 at 3:30.

The Executive Conimitlcc will rcconttiicnd the acceptance of
student nominees previously rccoitimcndcd by student government.
This cottiiiiittcc also informs the Senate that an attempt will be nuidc
to hold the elections to the new Sciiatc earlier this year titan iii the

past.

The Executive Committee also rcports'it has received a resolution
condenming the Vietnam war lint excluded it from the agenda as the
committee agreed that this was “not tltc proper business of the

Senate.

The "Art, Literature. Music, Philosophy“ rcquircntcnt will be
changed to read "Iluniaititics" which will also include courses in
Rhetoric and Public Address if a proposal by the Undergraduate

Academic Council is :icccptcd.

'I‘lic Undergraduate Academic Council is also subtiiittlng guidelines
for the operation of the new Satist‘uctory-Unsutisfnctory grading

system.

The Ad I'loc Consultation Guidelines Committee is submitting
recommendations for student participation witliln de urtinents.
‘ A resolution will also be ltttroduced by the Sc tool of Criminal
Justice asking the Senate to oppose the exclusion of the West End
Podium Cunstructlon bud Kit from the l970-7l Capital Construction
budget and to Investigate t to reasons for the deletion.

 

