 

 

    
 

i
'2
.i
l
l
(
”
i
i

f

-M

«N’< M

 

     
   
  
   
 

nos i'o‘ '

  

Scholar in

t

0* - f

 

BLIND DEAD REVEREND DELTA (Ken Browd), blues harpist,
performs at the Golden Eye last Friday night.

---silver

Residence

Latin American expert

Luis Alberto Sanchez,
distinguished Latin American
writer. diplomat, educator and
statesman, will visit the State
University of New York at
Albany, Wednesday, October 15,
for an afternoon and evening
program. Dr. Sanchez, until
recently rector of the University
of San Marcos in Lima, Peru, will
be on the un iversity campus as
Scholar in Residence with the
State University of New York.

Sponsored jointly by the
Center for Inter-American
Studies, the department of
Romance languages and
literatures, and the department of
philosophy, there will be two
informal dialogues with faculty
and students interested in Latin
American literature, philosophy,
and education.

The first session, to be held at
3:30 p.m. in the Faculty Lounge
of the Humanities Building (HU
354), will be on the topic. “Latin
American Literature," and is to be
conducted in Spanish. A second
session, to be conducted in

English, will be concerned with
the topic, “Philosophy and
Education," and will be held at
7:30 pm. in HU 354.

The guest also will have dinner
at 6:00 p.m. with students
residing in the Spanish House
section of the Dutch Quadrangle.

Dr. Sanchez is one of the most
prominent men of letters in Latin
America today. Before becoming
rector of the oldest university in
the Western Hemisphere, he
served the university in
instructional and administrative
assignments. He also has held a
number of diplomatic posts
throughout Latin America and has
been a viSiting lecturer at the
Universities of Columbia,
Pennsylvania, and California.

Actively involved in the politics
of Peru, Dr. Sanchez was one of
the early leaders of APRA
(Alianza Popular Revolucionaria
Americana), a political
organization which is strongly
pro-Indian, anti-ruling class,
pro-democratic, anti-dictator,
pro-collectivist, and
anti-concentration of wealth.

 

Exciting slope and

ski paks.

 

y

campus fashions available no at
your nearest Yarn Shep. Don‘t know how to
They'll even Show you howl Many. many, styles can be
found in "SKI WITH BERNAT" book no. 166 and 3 NEW

Books and paks inspired WM SKI couurny

SEE THEM NOW AT FINE YARN SHOPS
NEAR YOU.

         
  
  
  
  
 

VAl L.COLORAD

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Pianist

Jacobs

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER I4, 1969

institutes

fine explanatory technique

by Warren Burt

Technical proficiency and cool
intellectual control of
materials—these aspects
characterized Paul Jacobs’
approach to the program he
performed on Friday night, called
“Paris Music." The works,
performed before an audience of
about 350, were by Debussy,
Ravel and Stravinsky, and were all
performed excellently, and in high
style.

To begin the concert, Jacobs
made a me , I wish more
performers would take: he talked
to the audience about the pieces
he was to perform. As he himself
pointed out, to translate the titles
of the Debussy "Preludes" into
English was not necessary to the
music, but did help the audience
to enjoy the pieces more.

All the “Preludes” from Book
II were performed, and all are
virtuoso pieces in their own rights.
But to my mind, the two high
points of this part of the program
were the droll humor with which
he approached the “Hommage a
S. Pickwick“ prelude, and the
absolutely phenomenal technique
he exhibited in his performance of
the last prelude, “Fireworks.”

After intermission, he began to
play the Ravel “Valses Nobles et
Sentimentales," an early effort at
neoclassicism which consists
mainly of some poorly
french-fried Schubert, when,
seventeen measures in, the fire
alarm went off, forcing an
interruption of the concert and
evacuation of the Theatre-Music
building. Once it was ascertained
that the alarms had gone off due
to systems failure and not because
of fire, the concert resumed, with
Jacobs giving the Ravel a very
light and gentle performance
which treated the feeble, infirm
side of these pieces quite kindly.

The Stravinsky pieces

performed were all occasional'
pieces or piano versions of larger
pieces, and were all very funny.
The Piano Rag Music with its
comical quasi-jazz; the “Memories
of a Kraut March," written for a
Belgian World War Irelief fund;
and the Sunday Supplement
“Valse pour les Enfants" all
crackled with that rare wit that is
Stravinsky’s alone.

On a cruder level, the “Tango”
and "Ragtime" were outright
cruel parodies on the popular
musics of their times. To all these
pieces Jacobs again brought a
sophisticated, droll wit and an
astonishing technique.

For encores, he performed two
Debussy pieces, “Reflets dans
l'Eau" from Book -I of the
“Images” and the “Etude for
Compiled Arpeggios" from the
“Twelve Studies" of 1915.

Earlier, mentioned the

intellectual viewpoint from which
he approached his music. This, I
think, was hk finest attribute. On
stage, I did not see the garish,
tasteless showman (with many
commercial recordings under his
belt) trying to entertain us with
the standard drivel of one
Baroque piece, two Romantic
groups and one early modern
piece; but rather, a highly
disciplined craftsman and
interpreter of the contemporary
literature telling us, with much
feeling, grace and style, how the
Twentieth century started.

Paul Jacobs’ approach is one
that 1 wish more performers
would consciously adopt in their
approaches to the literature. It
might make concert-going a more
rewarding experience than it now
is, and might elevate many
concerts above the mere social
functions they are now,

RPII’s “Oktoberfest”
has “Iron Butterfly”

“Oktoberfest ’69" comes to
Rensselaer the weekend of
October 17, 18 and 19,
highlighted by a Friday night
concert featuring Iron Butterfly, a
leading exponent of “heavy”
rock, and Euphoria, a
vocal-instrumental group with a
unique sound. The groups will
perform Friday evening at 8:30
p.m. in the RPI Fieldhouse.

Iron Butterfly, whose name
signifies a blending of heavy bass
and a pulsating beat with a light
and lyrical music line, consists of
Doug lngle, lead vocals, organist
and leader; Erik Keith Brann, lead
guitar and vocal; Ron Bushy,
drums; and Lee Dorman, bass
guitar.

Iron Butterfly started in an

“Royal Hunt” seats

on sale tomorrow

State University Theatre’s
opening production at the
university‘s Performing Arts
Center will be Peter Schaeffer‘s
“Royal Hunt of the Sun,“ a
Broadway hit of a few seasons
ago. The dramatic version of the
tragic story of Francisco Pizarro,
conqueror from Spain, and
Atahuallpa, god-king of the Incas,
will be directed by Paul Bruce
Pettit, chairman of the theatre
department at State University of
New York at Albany.

Now in rehearsal, the play will
open Wednesday, October 20, for
a five-day run. Curtain time is
8:30 pm. cxcept for Sunday,
November 2, when there will be a
matinee at 2:30 p.m.

Tickets may be purchased or
reserved at the box office in tluI
Performing Arts Center beginning

October. 15. They also may be
reserved by calling the box office
during the box office hours of 11
a.m. to 4 pm. Monday through
Friday. Arrangements for special
groups may be made by calling
the SUT business office 457-7535.

In pondering his purpose,
playwright Schaeffer stated that
he wanted the color, spectacle,
magic and excitement of “total”
theater. He added, “The ‘totiility'
of it was in my head for ages: not
just the words, but jungle cries
and undulations; metals and
masks; the fantastic apparition of
the pre-Columbiun world. i did
want to create, by means both
austere and l‘lCl'l"‘l.llOl€e means
always disciplined by a central
aesthetic, an experience that was
entirely and only theatrical."

 

 

The brothers of Alpha Pi Alpha
cordially invite all male rushees

to their two open houses:

Thursday, 0ct.16 7:30—10110pm

Wednesday, 0ct.22 7:30—10:00iln

 

 

 

underground community of Los
Angeles in the Whisky-a-Go-Go.
Since signing with Atco Records
in 1967, the Butterfly have
produced three hit records.

"Heavy," the group’s first LP,
sold 300,000 copies.
“In-a-Gadda-da-Vita," their
second album, received the record
industry's Gold Record, having
sold 1.5 million copies to date and
continuing to sell at a rate of
50,000 per week. Their latest LP,
“Ball,” is also well on its way to
the million sales mark.

Regarding their sound as a
unique blend of four separate
musical personalities, Iron
Butterfly considers its music to be
an original mixture of several
diverse musical influences running
from hard rock to classics.

Euphoria consists of Tom
Pacheco, lead guiter; Sharon
Alexander, organ and percussion;
Roger Becket, electric autohnrp
and organ; and Wendy Becket,
bass. All four share the vocal
chores.

“Variety” described Euphoria
as “an important group with a
togetherness image that could
easily establish a market trend."

Singing and playing their own
compositions, the group’s songs
possess a rhythmic drive which
“stems from an unusual blending
of voices and instruments."

For ticket information, call
Mike Pottetti at 273-6338.

Music faculty
in concert

Three members of the State
University of New York at Albany
music department faculty will give
a recital on Friday, October 17 at
8:30 p.m. in the recital hall of the
Performing Arts Center (PAC).
Performing will be lrvin Gilnum,
flute; Dennis l‘lelmrieh, piano; and
Thomas Brown, percussion,

All three men joined the

SUNYA faculty last full. Mr.
Gilmnn holds degrees from
Oberlin College and the
Manhattan School of Music. Mr,
llclmrlch was educated at Yah-

Univvrsity, and Mr. llrowu t‘lll‘lll‘ll
diplomas at lliirtwick College and
SUNY (lollcge at Potsdam.

The program will consist of
selections by Mozart, lluch, Edwin
London and Sergc Prokofieff. Mr.

London‘s piece, “Song and
Dnnco," was written for Mr.
Ollmun.

The next concert in the series
will be on Monday, October 20 at
8:30 pm. in the studio theatre,
PAC. Featured will be Robert
Allen in a cello recital.

 

 

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, I969

Canidates Forum:

’13; vaﬁous reasons, and therefore will ruin his cum
s t en in one of the reasons ' .
Pun-fa" in effect. I would like to see

It has been argued that grades are necessary to
motivate students to work. I don‘t see this as being
the case on the college level. When one chooses his
courses, desire to know about the subject will be the
incentive to learn. If the Pasa~fail system is adopted
the student can truly concentrate on "learning"
instead of “puiling an A," for there is not always a
correllation between the two. Changing to a pass-fail
system will demand responsibility of both students
and faculty. Howaver the method of pass-fail has
merit and should be adopted, if not totally at least
partially, on this campus. It is the university’s
obligation to offer all it can to the students, but it’s
up to us to make the most of it.

RICH S'I‘ERNBERG

Instead of bullshitting to you people I shall tell
you as concisely as possible, my concepts of what
this place is and could be. We are part of a procegs
which doesn’t require thought, for the most part,
and rewards the regurgitating of facts at set times
during the semester. To create thought and promote
the transfer of free ideas on the campus would be of
prime concern if I were given the chance to
inﬂuence policy. I believe that one of the most
important steps to be taken here is the institution of
a complete pass-fail system. It would in addition to
the normally stated advantages misc the prestige of
this university by showing that new ideas are not
feared here. Better professors and better students
would come to (his school raising the quality of our
education. If this sytem would include graded major
and/or minor courses war would still have the same
structured courses because professors would have to
assign grades to some and not to others, besides
which most people achieve close to a three cum in
their major. If not able to win complete pass-fail, I
would gladly vote for a partial pusssfail system.
Another reform would be creation of
student-requested courses.

We should have fewer required courses to
complement pass-fail. Briefly, I feel uboul housing
thal we are rcning apartments, since we are paying
rent, therefore we should have complete control
over our homes.

Concerning campus .disondcr'. all IlUII'llffOlt’nf
demonstration is condoned me, but I do no! fool
anyone has the right (a dcslm‘y properly.

Realizing that (his is a lll‘lt'f sketch 1 f my
opinions, I ask you just lo coiisirlcr lhcm and vote
for the people who would help the campus best In
move into today, and tomorrow.

MITCH TOPPEL

[1 is ma intended purpose of student senators
that they reflect the inlcrcsls (If “WIT lolll’lu
students as a member of the newly-created
Uniucrsily Senalc, Student representation on this
board can be an effective means of discussing and
debating important student imitlcrs with the
(university faculty administration. We must I)“
certain, however, that this new privilege is used to
its fullest extent.

How can twenty-two undergraduate
representatives reflect these university ('Ummullily
interests -- such matters as pass-fail us [he grading
system, the question of university cuurﬁt‘
requirements, and the situation of campus disorder?
Frequent open meetings bclwccn senators and the
student body can easily secure a fuircl‘
representation. A student scnulrir with an open
mind can mean a stronger studcnts' voice, A st’lllllar
who is responsible and involved can prmlm'l' ﬂ
growth in cominunicnlion bclwccn lhc St'llull’ ("ill
the student body.

The most pressing issue facing the Si‘llult' “1 “Us
time is whether to initiate tI Pass Fail 5.)"!0'” Th"
present proposal is only a purlitll 3)’5“"" “'I'l‘l' “u”
be used only as a (cat to see whcrc we H0 [mm "W1

Being limited to three hundred words it is

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I believe that a Pass-Fail system which inludes
teacher evaluations in at least motor and minor
counter would be most beneﬁcial and would provide
each individual student with an accurate and
personal report on his work.

My chief concern in this election is to acc'students
elected who are interested and conscientious
individuals-people who will go out and listen to
fellow students. My hope is for an active
representation of students on the University Senate.

STEVE VILLANO

' Last spring, while working down at the State
Capitol in opposition to Senator Flynn's
“punish-the protesters" bill, one particularly
significant question kept bothering. me: if one
strongly believes that a University cannot be a social
island, that it must be responsive to more than its
own academic culture, that it must be "relevant" to
the world of today, then to what degree, if any,
should members of the University Community be
held liable for their actions? What amount of
academic immunity exists in an educational
institution supported by state funds?

Senator Flynn and quite a few of his reactionary
colleagues, including the Governor, would have one
believe that crimes committed on a State campus
are not only punishable by legal rebukes but by
educational deprivations as well. Such unjust,
repressive measures are not only repugnant to most
members of academia, but they also pose a very real
threat to a student’s civil liberties.

Does one abrogate one's constitutional rights of
protest, assembly and free, peaceful expression
simply because one is receiving a New York State
loan or Regents Scholarship? Rational minds say no.
However, the New York State Legislature says yes
and to compound their error, members of the
legislature have laid down a neal little package of
rules which they feel should be strictly adhered to
by all New York State schools.

Administrators and faculty members alike see this
as a dangerous encroachment upon academic
freedom and university autonomy. if a few State
Senators and Assemblyman can deem what type of
behavior is proper for a college student, then have
administrators not lost one of their functions?

liypc ritically, the administrators will scold the
lcgislalous l'or “meddling” and then, just as the
legislators have overlooked the governing
capabilities of those who run the university, the
administrators nonchnlantly overlook the
self-governing capactiy of those who constitute the
university population.

RICHARD ZIPPER

  

A Finis

would be more inclined to look‘closer at someone
whose capabilities are more clearly defined. The
potential of an S student is somewhat uncertain. He
could have been either a straight C student, or one
with straight A's. But, under the present system the
potential of a straight A student holds no doubt.

NANCI WOLF

In many ways, this university has kept pace with
the progressive times in which we live. It has
instituted a pass-fail system, exploratory courses
into ideal university life, and increased flexibility in
interdisciplinary courses. However, has it done this
to the satisfaction of as many students as possible?

Any university is an institution of learning. What
purpose do armed police (such as those :present at
registration) have in this process? I would like to see
Albany an institution independent of police
interference. The rules for public order on campuses
mandated by the legislature have no place on
Albany’s campus. If the university becomes more
open to student suggestions, the enforcement of
these rules should prove unnecessary. It is only
when pathways for change are closed to students
that frustratuve actions, such as unnegotiable
demands, exist. Students taking part in these events
are trying to constructively improve and modernize
the university, not destroy it.

The pass-fail system which was finally approved is
one which will not benefit the students attending
Albany. Was this the only viable alternative available
to the people deciding the issue? Or would it have
been possible to create a system in which we all
could partake? And is there a better system
possible? These are the possibilities that still must
be examined.

To be progressive a university must be able to
continually select faculty in accordance with this
ideal. The present tenure procedure, not only
inhibits this process, but in many cases prevents it.
If education is the primary goal of a university, why
should a faculty member who fails to continue good
teaching practices be kept on only because he has
tenure. Faculty should be periodically reviewed to
provide this university with the best teaching
nossible.

Closing out my brief argument, I would like to
make it clear that I am not against a consideration
of a modified S-U, A—E grading system. However, I
feel, that a total S-U grading system will eventually
create its own injustices, lower standards and
obstruct one's future goals. I feel, it is unrealistic,
and completely out of the question.

visitations

continued from page 4
Mr. Mohammad’s reaction to this nltermitiye was: You always have

impossible to answer all thr- questions put forward
by the ASP. 1 shall thcrcforc devote the remaining

had such a good understanding of prophecy, and spiritual things (p.
299) Isn't that grand! The Prophet who is supposed to be more moral

space to the issue of most concern, the S-U grading
reform.

Upon examination of the arguments in favor of
the EU reform I find three basic "claims": The S-U
reform wil l)relicvc pressure, 2) stimulate study, 3)
dissolve injustices.

If we had the ideal situation with ideal students
and ignored all the realities of the outside
community, I would agree that all three claims
would hold true,

But, i seriously wonder whether the sudden
release of pressure will stimulate more learning, or
more sleeping, pinochile and beer parties. Do you
save reports for the last minute? Do you study hard
when there aren't any pending tests? I believe that
pressure is sometimes ll needcd factor for
motivation.

A second rl'illlly which should be considered is
the fact that we are nol here at Albany forever.
Some of us transfer, some go to grad. school, and
some look for jobs,

How does one 's futuri- employer, or school with
limich openings, evaluate your capabilities?

One would think that an employer or school

 

aid

 

State University Bookstore W9 ,

complete selection of Monarch Notes

Study Guides are now available 1

Complete line of popular magazines

Mon th ru 'l‘hur‘s 9—8
Fri 9—4::30 Pmmms
l 30!! Central Ave. Albany .
Sill 9'1 Telephone 

I :9

sciiousnc
iuiiun
SURllRITY
soda

coiiiiiiiiiciii
CAPITOL PllESS

 

 

 

 

 

 *~’me~..ﬂmwwummm

  

. .». my. comm. Wyn“)... we...

 

than the law itself flouts all moral canons, screws his secretaries, and
justifies it by claiming he in fulfilling a prophecy.

ln Malcolm‘s words, let’s be real! Would you call a person who lived
for the Nation, for Mr. Muhammad, who would give his life for Mr.
Muhammad, and who denounced his blood brother, Reginald, for the
very CRIME that the Honorable Elijah Muhammad committed, a

Elijah Muhammad (Honorable?) stands before his disciples as the
world's greatest swindler and hypocrite.

UNISEX
fillIHES

i 10% INTRODUCTORY

l DISCOUNT

continued through October. I 

CHAPTER VII V,

‘ PLAZA 7 SHOPPING.CENTER
ROUTE 7 TROY-SCHENECTADY RD.

785—5444

  

  
  

