   
   

Photo by Benjamin

 

THIS weak mi “00.

  
 

 

 

 

 

'on

York's

campus.

talents

of programs

Seven events--including opera, a
combined orchestra and chorus of
150, ensembles, solo recitals and
' electronics-will]
v kaleidoscope of musical programs
for State University of New
University-Wide
Convocation on the Artson our_
campus April 16—18.

More than 650 faculty and
student delegates, representing the
departments of music, theatre art,
dance and humanities from most
University campuses, and guests
are expected to attend “The Arts
in the. University 1969." The
convocation coincides with the
formal opening and dedication of
the Performing Arts Center on

provide a

Sharing the cultural spotlight
with the musical activities will be
the other arts areas--visual arts,
dance, theatre and exhibitions.

“Only the wide specturm of
and musical
from a great many campuses
could make possible the diversity
which

emphases

the

  

emphlliled. fscult "members.~ '

The highly res-rde Cum My ‘3 pin Thursday the
Orchestra and Crane Chorus of American st..an 'iurio
the College at Potsdam will offers ‘ccompmied by pianist Findlay,

pm concert on Wednesda)’. Cocknu. Wm be featured in
All?“ 16: "‘9 “m “""m' 0' the recital. Among the works to be

convocation. The instrumental
. performed will be aomposition
and vocal ensembles wIll premiere written especially for the 3mm

"Gloria " a work in six. _ ,
movements written by Potsdam 1’? the 15"“? , unwemty 0f
composer-in-residence Arthur B'nhamm? 3_ w'n'am’ Isle”: The
Frackenpohl. The symphony will mm comm‘"! 0". “Oil” MaI’VIn
be under the direction of Maurice Morgen‘temv “Mini” Karen
Baritaud and the chorus of 110 Tutu“. and .ceulft JOhn
voices. selected from the total Goberman, are In residence at
Crane Choruse membership of Alba?“ The {nusi‘ﬁans formEd the
375, will be directed by Carl ,‘"° "I 1965 In response to a need
Druba . The Frackenpohl In the world of chamber music for
a major ensemble devoted to the

composition was supported in '
part under a 1967-1968 State “Pe'b- largely unknown literature
of the string trio. Works by

U ' 't h F i
"we"! y new.” oundm’ on Beethoven and Schumann are on

not.
3' the convocation program

The Crane Orchestra also will State Univ” “y f N Y k
f h I I t us h s o ew or
per mm C at es ves ymp any at Buffalo musicians will be heard

No. 2." ,

‘ ‘ A Midsummer Night's '“ a" 8530  concert Thursday.
Dream," to be given at 7:30 pm The Yifl’led Program lists
Friday in Page Hall, will be compemtlons reﬂecting a variety
presented by more than l11 0' Pen°d5 find Styles-

Bassrbarltone Heinz Rehfuss,

- . . College at Fredonia students and
convocatlon will offer In three ' Who I185 m d '
' ' n f it her who constItute 8 e appearances in
"Icon"lie  ltls‘ presentmgf  Short dﬂys’ . Dr' Charles F' thz‘litiilffntlcis: ansd orchestra. Europe “Nd I5 ﬁctive both as u
. “’5 i; 0 3;”: 810%)! 0 0 Stokes, chairman of our The 069m»; music is the work concert artist and oratorio soloist,
singers mm on. e group department of music and of Benjamin Britten with libretto win appear in the Buffalo

will perform tonight and Sat.
night at 8, 9:30, and Il p.m.

coordinator of the convocation,

 

 

ON CINEMA

by diana dalley & michael nolin

 

 

 

 

program, along with bravura
pianist Seymour Fink.

Two artists-in-residencc at
Stony Brook, soprano Adele
Addison and pianist Martin Canin,
will be among recitalists from that

by Peter Pears. Mrs. Mary Elaine
Wallace has staged the production,
first performed in 1960. Included
in the repertoire of the New York
City Opera Company, the
Shakespearean fantasy seldom has

been performed on college camp“ whoni‘lil present a 10 am.

. . b . . program on ri ay.
It director, Ruben Aldrich.s “(Z-rm???’ éE’bRra‘gY [7:5 Fﬁalisﬁca’ﬂy develop”! that " gigging“. Beau” Of It“ Attending the many events will
intent in ‘ THE KILLING or something to say of the much 'm canthe‘p but!” p'°"“°“‘"°- Professor Richard Levitt. be “9'93"” ‘0 “'9 “invocations

SISTER GEORGE was to mrtray
an unusually moving story so
realistically that his audience
could understand his characters
and their feelings, he is a definite
success. Despite the controversial

talked about bedroom scene.
Susanna York (the innocent one
in “Tom Jones”), playing an
attractive young girl that the
action iatcr reveals as a
simple-minded thirty-two year old

Apart from the acting and the
script, technically the film was
also far above the norm. The
lighting particularly enhances the
generaltone created by the action.
This was apparent in several of the

All admission is by ticket but
where space permits, extra tickets
will be available for the university
community at the registrar’s desk
in the Performing Art Center

counter-tenor, will be heard in the
role of Oberon, while graduate
student Anita Keehn will sing
Tytania. Other leads are John
Lueck, faculty baritone; John
Harold and John McFadden,

 

 

 

I

‘ militant", 1969

mm swam 

  

 

MAHNLHNE ' '-

39 DAN 'SABIA. JR.

 

 

 

   j

ay'ANceLo imam

 

“Ladies and gentlemen, the
President of the United States of
America." Enter cool, confident,
yet humble Richard M. Nixon.
“Gentlemen and ladies of the
pun; Americans. I have an
announcement to make: I shall
make an announcement next
week. Any questions?"

Mr. President, is progress being
made in Paris? “Well, let me say
this about that. Slight but
significant progress is being made
in the talks. Private discussions
have become promising, but I
should like to stress that the
substantial progress being made
here is not too substantial. What
the substantial non-substantials
are, I rather not indicate at this
time."

Congress, and the people. At the
same time we expect a few
complaints since our
modifications are so modified. In
this way we are assured of a
moderate discussion so that our
modiﬁed modifications can be
further modified.

“The purpose of the system, I
might add, is to increase our arms
without increasing the arms race,
because our arms are not really
arms. They do not go boom, only
bang."

Mr. President, what are you
going to announce next week? "I
am to announce that 1 shall have
some future announcements, but
what they are I rather notdisclose
at this time."

Mr. President, do you feel that

Mr. PreBident. When WI" Your your campaign promises are being
“new ﬂI’lil'C'Mh" to ﬁlm"! the fulfilled? “Yes I do, for they are
W.” become Widen” "we": let still being promised. I have
me make one thing about that managed on "one orthem,"
very clear. During my Campaign 1 Mr. President, how do you feel
explain“! “13¢!th a Who“ new after two months in office? “I
approach to the war question. I have not decided yet,"
said at that time that Iwould not Mr, president, what do you
disclose the details Of that plan to do about the war on
aI’I’l'cmch because it might "939’- poverty? “Well, let me say this
the talks alrcady underway. Now about that,.,"
that lam President [still hold to
that approach about my
approach."

Mr. President, is it true that
private discussions haVe been held
between the Soviets and
ourselves? “Yes, they certainly are
and many topics are being
discussed. What those topics are, I
cannot now disclose.”

Mr. President, can you disclose
any of the concrete plans and
problems you and Pres. DeGaulle
may have discussed? “I would be

Continued from p. l

The Campus Center Governing
Board is aponosring the event
which will begin at 2 pm in the
Campus Center Ballroom. Mitchell
K. Foster, chairman of the CC
Governing Board, will introduce
Justice Douglas. Following
Jusitice Douglas' speech will be a
question and answer period.

Notice

shots taken in the apartment. In

very happy to. I told the General
that he was a great man. We then
discussed various aspects of the
world situation and agreed that
neither of us knew how to solve
them, but that we would
nevertheless try. We look forward

You may have noticed as of
late various activities, concerts,
committees sponsored by
something called the International
Werewolf Conspiracy. What is the
Werewolf Conspiracy? Why are
they here? What do they want?
All these questions have been
asked of us, and in this short
article I will attempt to ans'wer
them. But first, a brief history of
the IWWC.

The ﬁrst organized appearance
of the Werewolf Conspiracy came
in the 1920’s (previous to this a
large number :of small bands
bearing the word werewolf in
their names had appeared, but
they all eventually formed into
the one large group. when the
Prohibition laws at the time were
causing a large amount of
bootlegging and gangsteriam. The
Werewolves provided alcoholic
beverages to the general public
without charging exorbitant
prices.

Needless to say, this brought on
a rather harsh reaction from the
gangs who were losing money by
this, and the original found of the
Werewolves, Edward Eldred

CC dedication

A dedication ceremony will be
held at 3 pm with President Evan
R. Collins as the main speaker.
Neil Brown, Campus Center
director, Truman Cameron,
chairman of the dedication
committee, and Mitch Foster will
also speak. A reception will be
held in the formal gardens,

STOLEN GOODS

Several articles which have been stolen from parked vehicles in
recent weeks have been recovered by the N.Y.Statc Police.

 

 subject matter-the struggle and Woman. engages in some pretty ene l t ' ' ’ ' . “minute mice maem' and
 3, megtwhich eventually led‘lo gxplicit love-making with Carol 5”? , til: fllénrelzifltglckzll’tgwlzi. ﬁggrze gorsenh Crowley and th Thewm‘gclgrn Musicians club and
g ,, e . '3, PM?!“ ad, 'estb'a'n' $23". 88 Mlss (Sigh a well-bred eye-catching that I found myself space Axﬁﬁna. will vie m, ofeSpring-Phasgrgsit/‘é” T‘lille th'eli
 Purposes ' goes [rel/3:3 (the: Reiditgg'gggznassoceglt? “highly, wamhing the anion behind them more traditional musical form: at be 5 bands (snake Drive grand
 surface fact that his characters are female Painl- Of View. l W33 "'0': :Tdtdid malteugverniilli effge‘bsttgl‘ntilig a 10 Elm. elec‘mnic music concert Innocence. Amon Ra and’omem)’
.5 social deviants. His intent is notso repelled than apallcd by the fii ' . ‘ ' on Thursday by Joel Chadabe' lighmhow' smell Show. and warms
 {sterem libs“ [nix :qdietce' bl“ :vcsneua was“? :hlich by the “gears In the lesbIan nIghtclub 3:23:31; ornithe ilrgtgznic M’inc $321236] Ectikets t[aere lbaring sold in
o . I r . s e
 ‘. understanding of suchlilzitl‘iatign'l coII’nre'I’ﬁul‘: b "e y my male THE KILLING . 0F SISTER program'demomt'aug" Win the door‘ 1%;th Lia?“ (Xpiﬂdlgl
  to resent Beyond this candid surface a GEORGE '5 "0‘ W'Ihou" humor. feature trends in electronic music shows at 7:30 and 9:30-‘Funds
« (=- P ﬁne job of casting was done, A” izeueﬁzrsLiggirgzg‘gg'12::“0: and the presentation of electronic turned over to the Ball fund
I i . , an . . . . . '_
 underground  three act-fess“ ' 3W" 5‘9"” lively entertainment, further wntrlbut'om by State unwemty committee Pretentyoumem
4:. . performances, partlculariy Beryl emphasizes the pathetic
'o ' ’ ’ "
g on Sunday night Re"? 1'" h" d'mw'F mm 01. destruction of Sister George.
3 depletlilli ,ihe Efrem", or the From both a male and female
ﬂ, The world of experimental confhctlns 0mm“ and point of view THE KILLING 0F
‘1 films is dominated by young self-destructive forces often at SISTER (“2:0 RGE a most
, ﬁlmmakers, and the best of the work In evoryday hie. Shc quli" stirring, humorzms. and

. w a, m

-. M... a. win;

youngest can be found in “The
Teenage Underground,” a
90-minute film program to be
presented Sunday, April 13th at 8
pm ‘in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall. Admission is $.50
with tax and $1.50 without tax.

Community Programming

movineg portrays the sensitivity
and callousness so ironically
found in one individual. All three
characters, I thought, are so

empathetic-invoking portrayal of
I middle-aged
woman, In one of the best films of

the demise of u

the year.

 

ARTHUR R. KAPNER

' Commission is sponsoring the Your State insurance Man
program as one of an eight part I
“A” and Bowman,” m, as an All Types 0! Insurance
featuring the work of Phon'434-4687

experimental filmmakers of every
type from around the world. This
program includes startling
examples of creativity in youths
ranging from 9 to 19 years of age.
The degree of technical excellence
and sophistication varies, but all
have in common a novelty of
approach that is a product of their
youth.

Among the 12 films included in
the program is a series call “Bag
5," a collection of five ﬁlms made
by children ages 9 to 13. Under
the instruction of Yvonne
Anderson and Mary Austin, the
children created the art work.
story, animation, camera work,
editing and sound.

Another film In the program,
“On Nothing Days," produced by
Clarks Mackey, has received
honors in the student films
competition at Expo '67.

 

 

 

 

I. W. W .C. Presents

“6 Rites of Spring”?

April I2th Page Hail 7x3089130

 

 

 

 

 

Sunday, April 13th
8:00 pm

C. C. Assembly Hall

$.50 with tilx
4,,“me $1.50,without tax

 

 

 

 

 

 

to working together in the future,
though I would caution that we
may not work together in the
future."

Students who have had such articles taken from their parked
vehicles are requested to contact Mr. James .I. Connally, Chief of
Security Police at 76l6 to identify and claim such articles.

 

Mr. President, are you going to
go ahead with the ABM system?
"Well, let me say this about that.
We are going ahead with a
modified system. In this way, we
can placate the Pentagon,

 

The very
essence
of the meaning of life
may lie in the
inability

to determine its meaning

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DON’T JUST GET
INVOLVED ——

GET INTERESTED I
APPLY FOR
COMMUNITY

PROGRAMMING
COMMISSION

APPLICATIONS AT 0.0. INFO DESK

NOW

 

 

» bigger, and their goals became

 

Actions taken by the
Conspiracy were confined to the
usual radical revolutionary things
that are slwsys'hsppeulng (we
were s driving force behind the
Columbia actions) until a
conference of all members was
held in Madison Square Garden on
December 28th,“ 1968. It was
decided on. that day that the
Werewolves would start chapters
on every college campus in the
USA, and as many others as we
need in the rest of the world, in
final preparation for the
revolution.

And so the Werewolves have
come to Albany. In only a few
short weeks, we have brought in
three hundred and twenty-seven
new members (as opposed to the
newsletter “Walter” in case you
didn’t buy it the first time), set up
a bail fund, organized concerts,
etc.

And that is only the beginning!
lf things go according to the
schedule we have set up (and lace
no reason for them not to), our
membership by next week will
include 6000 of the University's
10,000 member student boyd,
and a few hundred non-university
people from the
Albany-Schenectady-Troy region.
Activities will expand (all
coordinated with the national
program, of course), and on April
27th, at 11:04 am, we will begin
the revolution.

Don’t say we didn't warn you.

Ysager, was killed along with four
of his chief sides in an ambush on
Ground Hog Day,‘ 1927.
Fortunately, the remaining
members of the group were able
to "continue the organization
without their leaders.

. During World War II, the
Werewolves went to Germany
where they acted in the capacity
of a terroritst organization,
working in cooperation with the
underground. The Werewolf is, as
you know, a prominent figure in
German folklore, and the name
alone instilled a good deal of fear
in the hearts of the Nazi High
Command.

After the fall of Nazi Germany,
the Werewolves went back to the
USA, but the name of the group
was now the International
Werewolf Conspiracy, as we now
had a large membership in
Europe. ,

The sixties approached. the
Werewolf Conspiracy found its
membership being increased,
largely through the presence of
dissatisfied SDSers and other early
revolutionaries who found the
type of organization they needed
in the Werewolf Conspiracy.

As time went on, the
Werewolves grew bigger and
more realistically defined, and
what is more important, we were
recognized by the FBI and the

HUAC as a subversive
organization.

Your last check
from home
just bounced?

 

Think it over, over coffee.

TheThink Drink. 

  

I‘m your M"! Iiilnh Dllnh Mug. lend 75¢ ludynur name and address la:
Hunk Dunk Mug, Deal. N, I".D. fins b539, New Valli, N.V. lDOIB. 7M lullllllllarlli Callas Olllnlnlion.

 

 

 

Time 9:30

 

s.u. BliﬂllSlllllE lllllullllcillilli

Orders are now being taken for caps and gowns.
Deadline for orders April 15
Tuesday Aplil Iii-Ofﬁcial Ring Day
-2:00
Your ring mai will be here to assist you
in your ordering, and answer your Illusions.

Sat. April 12 from 9 to 4

Place 0.0. Cafeteria

 

 

    
 
 

  

   

  

 

  
   

:‘;~r-(<~ 5913.223. .-;-...

 

 
      
  
 
 

~ .x<~'-¢£.d- Q-M

    
      
     
       
 
   
       
    
 
 
  
  

 

 
    
  
        
         
      
     
   
  
    
 

 

   
   
   
 
        
     
 
  
  
  
 
  
  

   
 

    
      
            
         
      
    
       
            
        
         
            
     
           
    
    
     
 
  
  
    
    
 
  
  
   
    
    
  

 
  
 

  

