Editorial Continent

Censure

Central Council's action in censuring SA President Mathias brougltt
more sltaiiie upon the members of Council themselves than upon the
president.

Their action was not motivated by any deep concern over the issue
at hand. but ratlter was basically caused by an immature desire to lash
back at a disliked person in a position of authority.

We understood the dilemma tltat Mathias found himself in when he
discovered that the regulations concerning alcohol policy were
confused. The very real possibility that what Council had passed was,
itt effect. breaking University regulations, naturally caused a great deal
of discomfort on the President's part. However, the issue was (and still
is) too confused to totally determine what University policy is, and
whether or not it would have been broken.

In this positiort, Mathias had only one proper course of action: he
should ltave relied upon the decision of the council tlte previous night.
In everriding tlte decisiort of the representative body, he erred.

However. the magnitude of the error was small, when one considers
the insignificant isstte that was at hand. In any case, the issue was
sufficiently clouded so that any rational observer could ltave seen that
both sides had merit.

In this case. nonetheless, tlte members of Council did not wish to
see botlt sides of the argument. They had strong personal feelings
about the man iii the chairman‘s seat, and they allowed those feclirtgs
to overrule their sense of fairness.

The 10 members of council who submitted the bill showed how
fragile their egos were by submitting a “position of concern" which
indicted tltc President for sonic ludicrously tirtirttportant infractions of
their “unwritten code." Even rtiorc emotional and irrational was the
ensuing debate. during wlticlt. at least. the more ridiculous sections of
the bill were deleted.

The point is merely this: Council acted iaslily and inrmatiircly iit
certsuriitg Mathias. He made a grievous error in terms of setting a
dangerous precedent. The President of Central ('ouncil does not ltavc
the right to veto: arid by exercising a right tltal he did rtot have. Terry
exposed himself to valid criticism.

However. it is also obvious that Matltias exercised that power not in
an attempt to establish a veritable dictatorship on campus. but ratltcr
to attempt to uphold what he thought was University policy; trot only
that. but a section of policy that had been overlooked by ('ouitcil thc
itigltt before.

Council, on the other hand. acted with none other than selfish
interests in. mind. This rash act was done without any compassion or
understanding of the circumstances involved.

We fervently hope that the irtcrttbcrs ol'couricil will now see fit riot
to let personality conﬂicts get iii the way of moving the student
government towards meaningful accomplishments if, indeed. arty are
possible.

M . W, M’.,~./— Wﬁ‘m—M AA—

SAM/£22.,

,Aoma was...“ r. h.,,c,,,.,,...¢vii~u

 

‘ mm

MP.

Peace vs. U.s.

Surrtrttcr has ended but the fucking war hasn't. Let it be known that
there will be no peace for arty president from now until the end of tire
war and we cannot promise that there will be peace iit that time.

Nixon ltas stated that his policies will iii no way be affected by
demonstrations planned by students (nationwide) this fall. Some
people are assholes but at least he didn't he.

We think that he will ltavc to listcrt arid understand iit October and
Noventbcr._ Strong commitment on the part of all students is
obviously necessary arid is being elicited in the lobby of tire ('antpus
(‘enter right rtow. What is also apparent is tltc already titirclcrttirtg
solidarity ofartti-war groups and their growing corps.

By his own evasive ambiguity iltc president has brought upon
himself tltc mistrust of large numbers of the population within this
coiiittr) arid around the world. Not only will he not hear his own
country men. but neither will he hccd the cry for reason. for an end to
forced death. rcvcrbcrattng on the polliitcd walls of the planet.

He will be forced to listen. howcvct, when waves of pcoplc dcsccrtd
on the government to tell ltirn lie is being iirtpatriotic by continually
acting iii bad faith toward such American ideals as the right of frcc
speech. and respect for the ideals of the minority and majority.

We will itot tolcratc pcrpctual pcrvcrsiori on the part of this
country We will stand for rirass education. changes in the mass media.
a decrease III the real and psychological authority of the United States
government. particularly the [NL‘SILICIIL

We will stand for “priinitivc Antcricaitisrn"
lrccdorri and equality. We must not toigct tltc past for it is llllL' tliat
llllllt) itirstakcs have been tirade by wcll-ritcanirig. allAtoo-powerliil nicii
(hypocrites’i. We cannot .ilt’ortl to lct past illogic go tirrcxaittirrcrl for
by this error we may be irttprisorrcil b) that past.

Wu ask this CllllrL' coituiriiiiit) to commit tltcirtscchs to pcucc. ist-
ask fciitral ('oiiricil, l‘ilCIlll) Scrratc arid the critirc administration ol

llrc unchrsity to 10111 us in starting and contributing support tor
October's moratorium and Novciitbcr's march iir Washington.

 (a.

the quest for peace.

 

OPENINGS on ASP staff...

If you have an Interest

In Albany politics....
join the asp city staff.

Call 457-2190 or 2194

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

SEPTEMBER 30,1969

 

Communications

 

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications are

subject to editing.

No Smoking!
To the Editors:

In one of the newly~finished lecture halls recently
I observed a student smoking. As a teaching fellow,
I was tempted to tell him to refrain and that
smoking was not allowed. Yet to my surprise I
found that there was no sign posted to which I
could point for substantiation and no one present
who was aware of any university policy in the
matter. This seems to me to be a gross oversight on
the part of the administration, for to allow smoking
in any of the classrooms-to say nothing of the new
sections with fresh carpets and polished furniture—is
to risk damage to university property.

There are at least two reasons for not allowing
smoking in university classrooms. The most. obvious
is that when smoking is allowed, it is seldom long
before burn scars are found. Experiences on other
campuses and in other places have shown that
smokers apparently too often have too little regard
for public property to avoid dropping ashes on the
floor and grinding cigarettes out on the furniture.
And apparently ash trays have not mitigated the
problem significantly.

A second and more important reason for
prohibition of smoking is the discomfort it causes to
others. Despite the most modern of ventilation
systems, the pervasive effects of smoke are never
overcome. For the non-smoker, smoke is irritating
and, more importantly, unhealthy. Women find that
their hair smells. Clothing absorbs smoke and makes
it smell. And most of all is the discomfort caused to
those who choose not to smoke.

Even if the question is reduced to one of the
relative comfort of individuals, this is hardly a
simple question of who is going to be caused
discomfort the smoker or the non-smoker. The
issue has moral and philosophical dimensions which
the university as art institution ought not to evade.
The university is dedicated to the “open society"
and ought to expand its policies within its
jurisdiction to include the preservation of free and
clean air, and good lil'illtli. Certain rights are, or
ought to bc, fundamental, regardless of the
proportion willing to support them, riittl among
tltcsc Ihl‘ rigltt to clean air ought to DU “stakcd out"
ciirly. (‘lt-zin air is a "right" which we lttIvc always
taken for granlcil, but today, now that it is
threatened, it ought to Ill‘ proclaimed as a right. The
iii-t't-ssily Io ﬁlllkt' out a claim for True air is not
far l‘i-tt'htrd, and lltc rtttivvrsity should 111- iii llll'
vanguard of developing such it legal and social
philosophy Wllil'ltl‘tllllillt'l‘I).'t||)1)llt'(l to the society
at large

11. Williiint Brill
(it'adiittle Studcnl nnrl 'I'cticlting It‘cllow
School of Public Afl'irs, SUNYA

Ending The War

To the Editor:

Ending the was in Vietnam in tire
most important task facing IIII‘ American niition.
Over the IiitiI. few years, millions of Americans have

campaigned, protested, and dcmonslratcd against

the war, yet it continues. Death and destruction are
unbated; bombs and fire continue to devastate
South Vietnam. Billions of dollars are spent on war
while the the urgent domestic problems of this
country remain unattended. Moreover, the war has
corrupting in t'luenee on every aspect at American
life, and much of the national discontent can be
traced to its influence.

The discredited policies of the past which have
brought about this American tragedy have not been
changed. We follow the same military advice which
has created a futile and bloody conflict while we
to the same policieswhich ltave caused the Paris
negotiations to falter. The token displacement of
25,000 troops over a three montlt period simply is
not the substuniJal change in policy that is so
desperately needed.

Thus it is necessary for all those who desire peace
to become active again and help bring pressure to
bear on the present administration.

We call for a periodic moratorium on ‘business as
usual‘ in order that students, faculty members and
concerned citizens can devote time and energy to
the important work of taking the issue of peace in
Vietnam to the larger communitv.

If the war continues this fall and there is no firm
commitment to American withdrawal or a
negotiated settlement on October 15, participating
members of the academic community will spend the
entire day organizing against the war and working in
the community to get others to join us in an
enlargcd and lcntghtened moratorium in
N0vumbcr.'l‘his process will continue until there is
American withdrawal or a negotiated settlement.

We call upon all members of thc university
cpmmunity to support the moratorium, arid we
commit ourselves to organize this effort on our
campus and in thc liirgcr community. Wc risk others
to join us.

Victnum Moratorium Committee

 

LS? STAFF

‘ The Albany Studcitt I’rcss is puhllsltcd two
times it week by thc Student Association of thc
State University of New Yorlt at Albany, 'I'ltc ASI’
cdttttrinl ol'ficc is lin'utctl in Room ZIIH of thi-
Campus Ccntcr. This newspaper is funded by HA.
tax. The ASI’ was l'outttlcd by tho class of IlllH
'l‘lic ASI’ phonon art- 45721002104.
lt‘rlilors In (‘Iiicf
Jill I‘uzltilt d‘r Iru Wolfntim

Nt’th‘ lt‘tli'lor
Associate News Editor
Arts It'ilt'lur

Sports Editor
’l‘ct'hlticul It‘di'tor
Photography It'rli'tor .
Business Manager
Aducrtialng l'lluntigcr

Kathy lliiscmun
Anita 'I'huycr
Ihiryl Lyn/it! Wager
l)uuc Fink

. . . .I’atO'l/crn
Marty Benjamin

. Chrich It‘ibuh
lhinicl Foxmun

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily rrifloct its viowri.

 

 

 

 

Vol. IV! no. 3

ALBANY STUDENT
PRESS

State University of New York at Albany

 

On

to
Washington!

 

 

 

October 3, 1969

 

 

COUNCIL MEMBERS CONFER before voting on the appropriation for November's march on
Washington while approximater seventy-five concerned students applied silent pressure.

...polskowski

Report on pass-fail examines

variety of grading reforms

Editor‘s Note: Due to the great
interest in the question of
Pass-Fail, which University Senate
will consider at its next meeting,
we have attained a copy of the
'Report of the Ad Hoc Committee
on Grading. ‘ 55511: report examined
the various systems of marking.
and comes to some conclusions
which are both pertinent and vital
to the consideration of the topic.

The report consists of five
parts: background, proposal,
clarification. rationale and
conclusion. We have included
what we consider the highlights of
the report.

At. its June 2, 1969, meeting
the Faculty Senate approved a
system of mixed grading; on June
5, three days later, it moved to
reconsider. The new discussion
made it clear that to many faculty
there were faults in a mixed
system, faults in the present
system, and faults in a ‘pure’ S——U
system, but most of all that the
Senate could not evaluate the
proposals in the form and time
submitted. Consequently, they
voted to rccommit tltc matter to
the Undergraduate Academic
Council, who were asked 'to have
a report ready arid available to
members of the Senate by ten
(lays prior to“ the first meeting of
the fall. It was to bc the first item
on the agenda.

lit response to tire assignment
given it hy the Senatc, the Council
at its organizational mccting for
1969- 1970 (Juno 11, 1969)
agreed to establish an ad hoc
cominittcc consisting of Robert
’I‘horstcrrscs (English, Chuirmdn
Academic Standing Committee
1060-70) as chairman, “up to four
more l'iictilty mcmbcrs,’ It was
hoped that most rncmlicrs would

Itith' scrvod on onc of the SUNY ‘

Albany groups that ltirtl studied
the grading question. Besides the
chairman the group included the
following: It‘rcd Cltilds (1969),
Richard Collicr (1068, Signum
Laudis Scholar), Robert Gibson
(M.A. 1966), Terry Mathias
(1970), William Recitc (Chairman
of the Department of Philosophy)
and Warren Roberta, Ass't
Professor of History.

The committee had five
meetings and some informal
discussions. This Report, written

r by 'I‘horatensen and Collier,

expresses the unanimous
judgement of the group

At least four groups at SUNY
Albany have studied reform of the
grading SyStem.

(1) The Task Force on
Instruction recommended ‘tlic-
abolition of the letter grade
system and its replacement
with S or U grades.’ (2) The
Task Force on Academic
Regulations considered several
proposals but voted to
recommend no change in grading

for the present. Their report
noted that among faculty and
students there was a good deal of
‘enthusiastic support' for a
Passtail option. (3) The
Commission for Academic Affairs
of the student government
strongly recommended a total S-U
system and in March conducted a
poll of nearly 2000 students, of
whom over 70 percent favored
pass-fail grading in all courses. (4)
The Academic Standing
continued on page 2

 

$3,000 appropriated
for march on D.C.

by Ken Stokem

The Political and Social
Positions Committee (PSP)
appropriation for $3,000, for the
purpose of subsidizing buses for
the November 15th Peace March
at Washington, DC, came before
Central Council last night. The bill
was passed, after extended debate,
by a vote of 18-2-3.

The passing of the bill was the
result of the efforts PSP and
several student organizations
petitioning Central Council for
funds to supply buses.

In three day the petitio 
gathered the sigPatures of «9
students and 58 acuity a
The petitio s b d
immediately following the Central
Council meeting to protect the
identities of those who signed
them from being made public.

Dave Neufeld, chairman of PSP,
lead the arguments in favor of the
bill. He argued that. the
appropriation would be an
opportunity to give the students
their money's worth for paying
the student tax. '

Lennie Kopp, who seconded
Neufeld's motion, backed up
Neufeld's argument by saying "It
is time Central Council became
responsive to the wishes of the
students. They want the
appropriation, I want the
appropriation."

The legal opposition to the bill
was led by Jeanette Beckerman.
Vic Looper, and Bob Iseman. Miss
Beckerman inquired about the
liability of the Student

Area man refuses induction;
speaks and lives for peace

by Brian Moss

“I believe that the time has
come for each of us to examine
his own conscience to find
courage and to net."

With these words, Eric Johnson
refused to submit to induction
into the armed forces of the
United States on Wednesday,
October 1. Johnson, originally of
Stone Ridge, New York,
graduated from Rondout Valley
High School in 1966. He is now
21 years old rind a former
Electrical Engineering student at
Indiana Institute of Technology.

Johnson went into the Albany

. '1“

ERIC JOHNSON'S DRAFT REFUSAL—demonstration, support,‘

Some friends, Dick and Melanie
Evans of the Albany Peace Center,
and John Daniels of the Albany
Friends Meeting went to the US.
attorneys” office curly that same
morning and presented Johnson's
draft card to an attorney.
I'Iowchr, he rcfused to accept. it,
and after a polite discussion let
them lctivc it on his desk.

At 10:15, Mr. rind Mrs. Evans
left the Federal Building to great.
approximately thirt.y»five
supporters, onlookers and
newsmcn on the sidewalk. At that
point Evans explained what was
occuring inside. After u brief

statement, he read a letter of
complicity in the act that was
signed by him and various people
form the Albany and Troy areas.

As the morning wore on, the
crowd of supporters grew to more
than fifty. ’I‘wo policemen arrived
but restricted their activities to
chasing away double parked cars.

After thirty-five minutes Mr.
Johnson's supporters organized ti
vigil around the steps of the
Federal Building. Some prayed,
some meditutcd, others stood
quietly chatting with citch other.

Also prcscnt was Stcvc 'I‘rimm,
who refused induction last
January 20, and was there, as III‘

1 said "Just to kccp him company,

prayer music, encouragement, and a statement by Ricth Evans.
...bell

‘ bccausc 1 knowhow he feels."

Hcl‘orc undergoing the

l - . .
; induction process Johnson issued

a statement which said irt part, “I
know that. many people will
intcrprct try refusal us it rejection
of our entire American wtiy of
life. This is now true.

"I do not hate or have

disrespect for laws, our Congress,
,or otir President. lint I know of

no govcrnmcnt that is willing to

‘voluntitrily disarm. I belich that

the time has come for each of us
to examine hiii own conscience, to
find courage and to act."

Expressing the sentiments of
most of Johnson‘s supporters,
Dick Evans said, "We are happy
for Eric and for America that he
hurt found the courage to follow
his conscience despite the possible
consequences.

Association in relation to possible
injury of students, participating in
the march. Looper, who is
sympathetic to the principles of
the Moratorium on death,
expounded on this point and the
point that the use of student
funds for a political purpose may
be illegal, by the presentation of
the opinions of two legal sources,
Chandler Stein, legnlcounsel to
the University, and an opinion
solicited from the SUNY Legal
Counsel office, given by a Mr.
Kimberly. A letter sent by Stein
to Looper stated, in effect, that
funds collected for the purpose of
aiding and promoting
extra-curricular activities on the
campus of this University cannot
/should not be used for political
purposes, as influencing
legislation.

He also suggested that by
sponsoring the trip Student
Association could be exposing

continued on page 2

Goodell asks
end to war

by Dec. 1970

by Barry Kirschner

Senator Charles Goodell has
advocated ‘progressive' solutions
to problems he described as
threatening the survival of
America's political system.
Speaking at the Linton High
School in Schenectady, Goodell
covered a wide range of
controversial issues which have
brought the United States “past
the stage of crises, into a stage of
convulsion."

In his Monday night address,
New York's junior senator
defended his proposal to enact a
resolution requiring all US.
troops to be out of Vietnam by
December 1, 1970. Goodall
pointed out that with South and
North Vietnam fairly equal in
population and resources, the
South could fight, without U.S.
manpower, if it had a strong will
and ii broadly based government.

Goodcll pledged, "As long as I
am in the Senate, I will do
everything in may power to bring
Vietnam to where it started, not
reduce, but eliminate bloodshed
and slaughter of/imerican men."
While ltc commended President
Nixon for reversing the trend of
the wtir, Goodall said that the
Nixon dc-csculutiun wrts
“agonizineg slow." The Senator
culled Vietnam, the “wrong war,
in the wrong place, iit the wrong
time."

Restoration of Congressional
responsibilities was also
recommended. According to
Goodall, Congress should move to
share in the devctrcnlution
program, more strongly
rcasscrting its authority to
translate the voice of the people
itito government policy.

Concerning domestic issues,
Goudell advocated increased
expenditures for welfare and
education, plus broadened
programs for narcotics
rehabilitation, prison reform. and
aid to localities. He claimed thirt
the U.S. has the most regressive
correctional svstom in the western

continued on page 3

 

