   
 

 
 
  
 
   

 

 

 

     
  
    
  
  
   
     
    
    
    
  

 

  
 
 

 

 .a. ’\MW_A .M

  
  

 

COMM

 

"bindes‘agasn"

A bill of .rnajoriinportance will come before Central Council
' ;  " Thursday evening concerning amendments on elections.

.The first section of the bill states, in part, that “those elected (to

Central Council) must be members of the Student Aociation.” '

Referring back to the. controversy over mandatory tax, it is obvious
that problems will again result if this section of the bill is passed in its

present form. ’

if only Student Association members may run, assuming the total

then approximately 25 percent of the
students here (those who do not pay student tax) are ineligible for

Student, Body can vote,

nomination and election.

'Since the issue of Mandatory Student Tax will come up again,
probably next semester, we suggest that it can not be the concern of
Central Council to decide the matter since they will have excluded 25
percent of the students from the opportunity to decide an issue which

concerns everyone.

The second section of the bill states “The President of Central 1
Council and of the Student Association shall be elected by the student
body." Same with the Vice President. “The President and Vice

President must be members of the Student Association."

We can almost support this aspect of the bill since we believe that

the students have the express right to choose whom they want.

As it stands now, newly elected members of Central Council choose,
their president from among themselves. They apparently feel they
know who is best suited to do the job. That feeling is justiﬁed by their
being “ duly elected representatives”. in other words, we, who are
allowed to vote, give up our right to choose a president of our own

hkAllifng with this, we want to make it clear that we support this
section of the bill only if the stipulation that the President and Vice
President be members of Student Association is omitted (if the tax
issue is forseen).

The bill should have been introduced earlier so as to aloow the
fullest preparation (it is to be decided upon by students in the coming
MYSKANIA elections if passed by Central Council) by Central
Council, students and this newspaper.

 

There will be a blood drive Wednesday February l2, lOarn4pm in
the Ballroom. It is sponsored by the Greek Week Committee in
conjunction with the area chapter of the American Red Cross. There
has been a shortage of blood mainly due to the epidemic of the Hong
Kong flue.

The goal is to reach 350 pints.

Student Power?

"...etudents with good judgement begin to believe they have a
moral obligation to speak out as they see fit.

Nothing could be further from the truth. The protests of the Fifties
were as far as student dissent w. ever intended to go....

If a student objected to the wey the University was being run, he
took up his disagreement with the edminrtretion on a personal
b‘esia .end when it was wggeeted that heiind another school more to
his liking, he didn't attempt to dreg slot of other students along with
him by trying to organize a mess boycott or strike"

 

The above quote appeared in the December issue of a fairly obscure
magazine known as Moderator. The statement was taken from an
Editorial by Editor-in-Chief Howard Cofﬁn. Normally, this would
draw little attention. The reason why this quote has relevance to the
students at this University and those across the nation is because it
points out a basic question in the move towards student power in
America today.

That question is whether we have the right (or even the obligation)
to attempt to change the University to what we feel is the better way
for all concerned; or ls it the administration who cries “If you don t
like it here--Ieave" that is in the right?

Those who cite the "pack up and leave" policy say that we have the
right to chose what University we wish to attend--that a collegiate
education is not mandatoryuso if the University that we have chosen
does not fill our desires, why don’t we simply go somewhere else?

The answer to that is relatively simple. Since time lmmemorinl, we
have been taught to confront our problems-mot to run away from
them, for they eventually catch up with us, anyway. The belief in
changing the system by working within the system is uniquely.“
American-and when the system is totally unreceptive, Americana ha "e I
gone outside it (violently or nonviolently) to correct its ills.

When we are admitted to a University, the general expectation is
that we will add our own talents to the university community to make
it more active. more productive, more original. Each university is, in a
sense, a testing ground, and if the fear of innovation holds back the
adminstration. then as long as the students stay within the bounds of

l N l

 

 

i

m A,” .y. al.,

3...“;  v, -'

J 1969

    

 

 

 Co’mmunicdtlitm

   

) .v
4' V.

 

 

r lg.
e m

To the Editor: '
Perhpee a narrow minded, half informed

“Rothchild Account" seemed to indicate

administration faces in perhaps one of th

measures taken by the new govern

every year by a mere 1% of the total
population._

the possibility that the crime rate just

roal those same streets for periods up to so
before being tried for their crimes. Perha

for the sake of having one and stop seeking
every law that is passed by an administration

betterment of the American societ
destruction of it.

has shown us here is that he doesn’t like
Nixon personally and that he has done

the sake of thepeople, then perhaps he will

maybe Mr. Nixon will be a fine president.

Rothchild a fool.

Atrocious View

To the editor or whoever is responsible
atrocius “Contemporary View" on page 5
February 7 ASP:

The “View” is just that-atrocious and in v

Sure, there are bad teachers but even
warrent this. It belongs more in a mock

No “ Account ”.I Feel

February 7 edition of the ASP. Apparently, the
author of this predisposed and hateful article feels
that by insulting ASP readers with his predjudiced and
close-minded opinions, he will make‘them all more To the Editor:
wise and more aware as to the conﬂicts that the new

Maybe if the author would just consider

lowered if the criminals were taken off the street
'instead of being allowed, after committing crimes, to

‘ number of judges were increased, the criminals could . . '
be med more quickly. Just maybe he should mm December wrth guest speakers, information such as

thinking a little more in the direction of public safety ,‘h" “‘9' ‘Pmmﬂh'P' “"1 “am” °f guests be'm‘g“
for the 99% of the Americans that are not criminals. - . .
If, perhaps. the author would stop looking for a cause at the meeting found out about it. Please inform her

doesn't support, then maybe he could strain his eyes '
to see that the law could just possibly be for the

y and not for the Sincerely you“,

just possibly Richard Nixon may be doing this for the-
good of the sick American society, and that just

by Terry D. Cole

I wrote for the ASP before, but things like this made
me quit. I know that you probably won't print this,
but it seems to me that it’s about time you put
something pro-Nixon or at least pro-Republican in
your paper. I’ve read enough against him, and your
paper is supposed to be of, by, and for the students,
so you should print it so that the other side can be
heard. If you can call Nixon a fool, I can call

taste. It says nothing that can be construed as valid.
they don't
.1 J

I hope that nothing like this will ever happen again
evenif you don’t publish a public apology.
Renee F. Matteau . v _

‘ ’ Note: qu’s cartoon series will appear in
feliclhogidoy'e ASP. We feel the cartoons have merit
fool I“ “'9' and deserve exposure to the University community.

worst fool of all. At least the ridiculously b

so in the

Supercilious

The first issue of the 1969 ASP seems to strive
e greatest for intellectual mature criticism in various articles

American domestic crises since the civil war and the and columns. Hurrah!
depression. He has chosen to criticize emergency

Unfortunately, the attempt dissolves into a
meat as supercilious, childish one as a result of dreadful

encroachmenta on the rights of criminals. Perhaps he spelling; poor taste, and a lack of clear factual
should consider the fact that thousands of innocent information.
Americans are being murdered, beaten, and robbed

I refer specifically to page ' 7, on which
American ”Mammie” seems to designate Mamie Eisenhower,
with such words (7) as “remnant” and "demension"
appearing in the same article.

Whether the errors are of spelling or typing, they
' are inexcusable. The cartoon on page 5 smacks of
elementary school bathroom humor.
If the article on page 3, “New Experiments Get
d Treatment," refers to the open meeting held in

might be

ven years
ps if the 0]

n the report. The reporter wonders how a student

that I read of it in the ASP on December 13.
Let’s use the ASP to express opinions, but let’s
' ‘ ' high ‘ ‘ ‘ of ‘ ” ,, editing,

faults in
which he

and reporting!

Ena Haines

The only thing that Mr. Rothchild

Richard Editor's note: the meeting referred to in the latter
e“waivestatement was held Monday, February 3 in

research in the area of the “due process" clause. UntllAssembI-y Ha," How come you did"? IMO")?
he realizes that such a great man as Abraham Lincoln
(suspension of Habeus Corpus) stretch his powers for

 

see that

an ASP . 
CRHTHCHSM
sessnon

Thursday-
3.? M
in Room 3.46.

for the Campus 

of the

b d .
"y n all Welcome

 

 

pseudo-intellectual ditto sheet.

.__

We 7457’ Wants you!

If you Want To Make the ASP
Even More Vibrant a Exciting.
Meet 8:30 Room 382
thisWednesday
news, sports, leatures,arts.
technical

 

responsible change (whatever that is) they have the responsibility to
themselves to go ahead and experiment, request, boycott. and strike.

As long as the student recongizes his dual obligation-the obligation
he has to his conscience and the obligation he has to respect the
property and well being of others-rho is justified in attempting to
change the University's controlling role.

"The “pack up and leave" philorophy is one of cowardice and lack .
of idealism on the pert of the student. If undertaken on the part of.
the administration, it is one of suppression of individual rights.

ASP PEOPLE-
TORCH Picture

Tommor'r'ow (Wednesday)

 

 

 

ASP staff

The Albany Strident Press is published two times a
week by the Student Association of the State
University of New York at Albany. The ASP ofﬁce is
.located in Room 382 of the Campus Center and may
be reached by dialing 457-2l90 or 457-2194. This
newspaper is funded by S.A. Tax.
Editors-in Chief
Risa Paznik and Ira Wolfman

News Editor

Associate News Editor
Arts Editor

Sports Editor

Feature Editor
Technical Editors
Photography Editors

 

 

Tim Keeley

Kathy llusernun

Carthc/rour

Jlrn Winslow

Gary Gel!

Pat O'Hern. Bill Shame

Ed Potakowskl, ’I‘om Peterson

Business Manager Philip Franchinl'

Advertising Manager Daniel Foxman
The Albany Student Press assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns and
communications as such expressions do not

necessarily reﬂect its views.

 

at 9 30 ASP Ofﬁce

 

 

 

muggy: 11,, ms ,

  

 

 

 

 

 3 fl Off on...

i... .

 

 

s, uses-um

 

By: DAN snails, JR.

 

 

-- w: 'sTbe ' Socialist Workers party

members on this campus always
appeared to be a cute bunch of
kids; not bright but nice enough.
They are mostly WASPS with a

’ smattering of foot—shufflin' Jews

who will tell you that they have
become so liberated from their
backgrounds that they are now
almost anti-Semites _ (take that,
Marni).

So what if they talk in the syle
of 1936. They can quote Leon
Trotsky with amazing facility and
they wear nice berets with stars
and they can sing the
"Internationale" in 14 languages.
Ho Chi Minh always called them
“Fascists” but Ho calls everyone
Fascists so I was never impressed,
or depressed as the case may be.

But now I understand what Ho
was talking about. SWP
Trotskyists have now added
anti-Semitism to its causes. In the
name of “progressivism”
(naturally)
liquidation of Israel at the hands
of the Al Fatah gangster
movement.

Their reasons are simple. One,
Israel is an ally of The United
States and therefore she must be
evil and reactionary. Two, Al
Fatah is composed of terrorists
and terror is always "progressive."
And three, Arabs are poor, dark
and live in tents so they are
deserving of our support.

But, in fact, it is not so simple.
Listen, leftists, your ignorance
and racism are showing. First, you
must understand that not all
countries supported by the United
States are reactionary.

Israel was created by the
national liberation movement that
drove the British out of Palestine.

It was the reactionary Jews with
guns (oh boy!) who broke the
back of John Bull. Today while

France recreates a base in
Lebanon, and while the Soviets
turn Egypt into a satellite and
while China ﬁnds a brother in

Syria, Israel stands alone, ﬁercely

independent, liberal and free.

Two, not all guerilla
movements are noble. The Irish
Republican Army was a great
popular movement that freed a
great people. So were the Algerian
FLN, the various “free” national
movements against Hitler and so
was the Israeli [rgun. But the
Fatah is something else.

Those heroes that devote
themselves to the planting of
bombs on school busses are
gangsters and nothing more. Now,
leftists. I’ll go slowly for you. The
difference between the “fatah”
and the aforementioned liberation
movements is that the Fatah is

not a popular movement. its aim
is to “liberate” a country that is

not theirs and never was. (Name,

one day in history when an
independent Palestine existed that
was not a Jewish nation, I'll wait).
The Fatah is "betrayed" by the
“occupied” Arabs with little
compunction. Certainly the
Palestinians of the West Bank and
Gaza would like to see the
“occupation” ended. But the
great majority strives to work
with the Israeli government. They
go-to Israeli schools, are treated in
Hadassah hospitals, and will vote
in the Jersualem elections this fall
(they never voted under Hussein’s
Jordan). So the Palestinians do
not support the Fatah and never
will.

M .J.‘s column will be
concluded in the next issue of the
ASP.

 

they advocate the-

 

TOWER EAST CINEMA
ON STATE QUAD

Feb. 13 King Rat
Feb. 14 Lili

Feb. 158.16 Blow Up

Tix Now Sold Every Wed. in Campus Center
inf. 457-43l5

7&9
7&9&ll
7&9&ll

 

 

It has obviously become quite
fashionable to join the spirit of
Che Guevara and stomp down the
halls of our universities. And there
is little need. to repeat for the nth
time that this noisy crew is a small
minority; hen.- been often
successful; and has received
tremendous publicity.

But it does seem strange that
this evolution from dirty bodies
to bloody bodies has continued
relatively unopposed by both the
university staffs and, especially,
fellow students. It almost seems as
if the more moderate groups were
afraid to condemn the
violence-makers verbally or
otherwise, for fear of being
branded an outcast or fool. This
surely is peculiar.

After all, we all know that this
small minority has been giving the
university and it's students a real
black eye; that their energies are
wasted and undirected; that their
approach has been increasingly
non-intellectual (even
anti-intellectual); and their tactics,
namely violence, unworthy of any
person, let. alone alleged college
students.’

Yet in the face of all this, the
minority still remains relatively
free from restraint and
condemnation from its peers.
They are still largely free to
promote their childish sentiments,
and pursue their disgraceful
antics. Very little has been done
to impress these groups with the
fact that violence makes dialogue

rather difficult and, as S.I.
Hayakawa would insist, rather
dangerous.

At least a few groups have
begun to strike back. The
esteemed Prof. Sidney Hook, new

chairman or if. Coordinating
Center, for Democratic Opinion,
has begun a small national
campaign for the express purpose
of mobilizing “militant
moderation" in our universities.

Some independent action has
also been taken-cg, at the
Universities of Buffalo and Gonn.,
where large numbers of the
faculty have begun reacting to this
ugly disgrace.

Such movements are, however,
but a pittance to what is needed.
For the problem is no longer a
matter of random disruptions; it is
rather a, growing fad that is very
likely to last for some time. And
the university is going to
suffer—publicly and
internally—unless something is
done.

This columnist extends Prof;
Hook et. al. his congratulations.
At least someone knows that this
sort of nonsense cannot continue
without dire consequences, and
that it certainly should not as a
matter of principle.

When the militants oppose
oppression with oppression the
way of reason has been lost. It m
up to the reasonable to rescue
reason, and the sane to restore
5

Earn between $20 - $35 per,
week, working part time on
your campus. Become a cam:
pus representative for VISA
an International Student Mar-
keting Corporation. No sellingl

 
  

  

involved,
Contact
VlSA Sales Center

I225 CONNECTICUT AVINUI, MW. ,
WASNINGION. mc. 30°36

 

 

HEBREW STUDENTS ALLIANCE

Because here at

“ Do not think that you can escape from all other Jews. For if you are silent now, salvation will come

--Book of Esther

The “Hebrew Students Alliance" is being organized at SUNYA. It has, as its purpose the organization of

from another direction and you will be doomed..."

the Jewish students into an effective, political force.

Albany State :

The HSA is necessary and it is especially necessary at this time.

l.the Arab Students Association has created a beechhead for the dissemination of what it calls
“anti-Zionist“ propaganda.

2.the faculty is top-heavy with vocal anti-Semites in cluding a number who signed a manifesto of support
for the Arabs after the Six Day War and one who was quoted in the Albany Times-Union as saying that he
was sick and tired of the world'll‘bleeding for the Jews."

3.the violently anti-Semitic Socialist Workers Party (it supports the al-Fatah gangster movement), is
spreading its anti-lsrael irate under the guise of "progressivism" and with the aid of racists and self-hating
“Uncle Tom" Jews.

illlll PROGRAM:

l. the establishment of a department of Semitic studies, to include language, culture, and History

2. the investigation of all manifestations of anti-semitism and racism on campus.

WE Slillll Filll:

l. A strong Israel and a strong American-Jewish identity.

lillll “8:

Organizational

Meeting - Thursday Feb. 13 8p.m. [In 137

 

 

 

  
  
  
  
   
     
     
        
    
      
       
          
     
       
 
   

     
   

 

  
 
  
  
 
 
  

 

 
  

 

‘1“qu g g. L...’_«_’ .— a.

 

 
 

   

