iiilllmml

 

Conmmni

ych Decision

.   notiﬁcation that their contracts will 7
not be, renewed. And because of the type of people On. Waterman

'matnbers

‘and  ‘are, the students are upset. Student'opinion rates both
sally as teachers in the classroom. Andboth have
  involved iii the education of students outside .the

  of these factors, we feel that the University can

ill-afford to lose them.

We feel that a My regret-Isle mistake has been made. an n a not

too late to correct thk mistake.

Student opinion is considered by the faculty to be- both valid and
~ important inthe decision-uniting procemes of the University. Acting
on this consideration, Faculty Senate in the Fall of this year provided
for student representation on all of its Councils, including Educational
Policies and Promotion and Continuing Appointmen, both of which

consider matters relating directly to faculty status.

We, therefore, ask the department to reconsider these two cases in
the light of the high degree of student opinion in favor of retaining
these individuals on the University Faculty. We ask that these two
individuals be considered on their fulﬁllment of the criteria, listed in
the Faculty Handbook and written and approved by the faculty,
regarding that which is expected of the teaching professor: teaching,

scholarship and contributions to the University.

We further urge the department to consider the academic
advantages to itself in retaining these two individuals AND the
advantages to the University as a whole in retaining two people so
active in teaching students, both inside and outside the classroom. All
too few faculty members take comparable interest in student
education outside the formal teaching situation, and the Psychology
department in recent years has been one of the leaders in this area. We
hope that they will continue to consider this aspect of education

important.

This is not the ifrst case in which students have felt a need for
responsible involvement, nor is it likely to be the last. The Univerisity
is responsible for the education of its students and it is, the obligation
of the students to speak out when they feel that an administrative

decision will hamper their education.

We hope that responsible student action (petitioning and verbal
communication by the students within the department) will lead to a
reconsideration of the decision in the cases of Drs. Waterman and
Rhoads and that the conclusion ﬁnally reached will be in the best

interest of the University.

Blossoming Growth

Almost as if by magic, the vast wasteland we have come to know as

the uptown'campus of the State University of NY. at Albany has
been transformed from a dismal blend of white and black sterility into
a blossoming, blooming melange of greenery and pcople-ry. The
appearance of vegetation in this “mooriport” seemingly has conspired
with an amazing invasion by real peoplc----thcy’re everywhere! In the
quads, on the ﬁelds, in the circle, even on the podium!

This-is Springat its very best. The plants seem to have come alive,

and with them, the campus.

The blossoming has also taken place indoors. Notice how every

time you turn around, anothen eminent and knowledgezible speaker
seems to pop up. Be it a black power advocate or a prominent
historian, speakers are appearing all over. We’ve been graced with such

 

Communications

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications on

subject to editing.

Faculty Apathy

To the Editors:

Apathy at SUNY—Albany? Seems to be a
perennial complaint. But it is interesting that
seems much more
noticeable of recent than that of the faculty. The
past few weeks have seen a number of petitions
published in the Sunday New York Times ranging
over the issues of population control, the ADM, the
Arab-Israeli war, Hunger in American and race
re ﬂtions. In all cases SUNY-Aibany faculty are
represented poorly, if at all, while other SUNY
systems, Stony Brook especially, come off rather

student political activism

impressively.

Is it that SUNY-Albsny faculty are all oblivious
to the problems of our time, that they believe that
their names have no influence, or that there is just
no petition ciruculation system among the faculty.
We would prefer to think the latter, but that is
hardly an acceptable excuse. We students might
hope that some among our prestigious faculty might

soon find it in their valuable time to take such a
responsibility upon themselves, demonstrating their
awareness and concern as well.

Sincerely,

William Batt

Graduate Student

School of Public Affairs

Warm ooze
Dear Editors:

Here I sit and ponder our school's most recent
attempt to kill the myth, once and for all, thy“, 'ner
students are apathetic. Two teachers ﬁred in the
psych department, Who will be next? What a
dynamic mue- Defendi'iﬁ profs will be our savior,

imprisonment. Mr. Javits replied (March 21, 1969):

There seem to be clear indications that the
sentences, and probably the military crimes
charged, in these cases are excessive. I therefore
inquired of the Department of the Army
concerning this matter, and particularly
concerning the legal and factual foundation for
the sentences imposed upon some of the
accused. The Army’s response to my inquiry
indicates an awareness of the factual basis for a
challenge at least to the sentences, and affords
basis for the hope that these senteences will be
reduced in the military justice appeal processes.
Indeed, one such sentence has already been very
substantially reduced. If the others are not, I
intend to do my utmost (while recognizing the
disciplinary problems involved) in my contacts
with the Secretary of the Army, who has the
necessary authority, to get justice in this
situation and a material reduction in the
sentences.

Therefore we suggest readers might like to write

to the Secretary of the Army Stanley Resor, to
Senators Javits and Goodell and to Congressman
Button.

Sincerely.
Rezsin and Ted Adams
[Professor Theodore S, Adam]

Perlmutter statement

At noon Friday, 11 April, 1969, an ad hoc

student committee issued a statement suggesting my
name as candidate for presiden of the UniVersity.
The committee was generous in its praise, and I am

. ,v , ‘
our “mm our “‘3' Ladle“ than] a b“ or wﬂrm deeply touched and grateful for their confidence.

°°fe' EYE}: you have better things to be doing.

However, I feel obliged to make abundantly clear,

mo." .Yong" by the brand new Stat? mece especially to those who have not read the original
bum“ '3 a bu hale‘ In the Fouml' Hm Id'dn t do document: I am not, nor have I been a candidate for
n' Lot's and '0“ of money dld 't' why? Glory? this or any other office In the University. Indeed my

Vol. W No. S g q-
Psych. dept.
chairman
confronted

Six students, representing
Students for Waterman and
Rho-ad s Reinstatement,
confronted Dr. Shirley Brown, the
chairman of the Psychology
department, with petitions which
included approximately 1600
signatures for Waterman ind
approximately 1500 signatures for

bonds.

The students asked that these
petitions be considered as new
evidence. Dr. Brown reiterated
that “any evidence that was
relevant has already been
considered." The studenta
explained that these signatures
represented a demonstration of
mass student support, and
suggested that perhaps when tho
decision was made, the faculty
was not full aware of this intense
support. Again, Brown reiterated
the irrelevance of these petition:
as an indication of support, "We
know the number of students in
and out of a faculty ofﬁce..."

The criteria for renewal of
contracts are, Dr. Brown stated,
teaching effectiveness, scholarly
effort, and departmental
responsibility. Concerning
teaching effectiveness, the
students asked Dr. Brown how she
would rate these two professors.
On a five point scale, (5 being the
highest), she “personally”
evaluated one as 3.5 and the other
as 3.0. At this point, a student
questioned “this is your rating
even though, in general, students
who are taking their courses now
would rate them at or near five?"
The response was “yes”. Another
s‘ ndent asked how the
department would be rated in
general; "the average," in her
opinion, “is three."

The question that arose as to
how another teacher's
effectiveness is rated. Brown said
that her evaluation was based on
use of material in class, exams,
and student reaction. After
further explanation on the part of
Dr. Brown, the students reported
that they were still not at all clear
as to the definition of the
critieria.

On this last point, Brown
indicated that the person must
fulfill the duties of a member of

State University at Neg York at Albany

THE HOURLY CHIMES ARE NOW coming from the new carillon

located in the water tower. The cc
hke on a completed look.

Malcolm X’s autobiographcr
exhibits interviewer’s style

by Rosemary Herbert

Alex Haley, compiler of
“The Autobiography of Malcolm
X," spoke to a large audience of
Albany students yesterday
afternoon and presented not only
his knowledge of facts but a
barrage of anecdotes about
himself and Malcolm X which left
many to comment that they
wanted to hear more of his talks.

Haley began his talk with a
series of “digressions,” or
anecdotes which illustrated his
methods of interviewing such
people as George Lincoln
Rockwell, Myles Davis, and finally
Malcolm X. He wrote articles
about many such persons for
Playboy Magazine. For each
article he spent many interview
sessions with the subject, usually
up to three weeks of intensive
sessions.

For his Playboy article on
Malcolm X which he termed “a
very intensive work," Haley
interviewed Malcolm X over a
period of five weeks. This article
led a publisher to ask Mr. Haley to
attempt to cover the story of

nter of the podium is beginning to

Photo by Benjamin

character. “The best thing, the
first thing to me that I remember
is he was a gentleman. He had a
passion about being a proper
person." He would do nothing in
public that he could not be honest
about in public. . .,

“This man was a very warm
human person when one got to
know him. He had an absolute
passion for learning.” Haley
remembered passing by a Harlem
library where four Black teenagers
were playing craps in the
doorway. Malcolm became
furious. He informed the boys
that there was Black heritage
inside. “He had a deep respect of
knowledge and a deep yearning
for it."

Haley noted that Malcolm X
felt that the hope for our country
lies in the young people, Black
and White, "because the young
Blacks are serving notice that it
stops with them” and because the
young Whites are changing and
must change.

we
dcmOcracy‘ -

 

 

by Norm Rich

Central Council, last night, enlarged Student Association
membership to include all registered University students. Heretofore,
membership in S. A. was contingent upon payment of the student tax.

Prompted by Vice President Terry Mathias, Council recognized that
the actions of Student Association involve all members of the student
body. Thus students deserve the right to participate in the making of
policies which inevitably affect them. Recent examples include S. 'A.‘a
initiation of open visitation and alcohol revisions. .

Accordingly, all students may now vote in Student Association
elections, including the forthcoming Central Council elections.
Activity cards are no longer required.

Council also passed a bill urging MYSKANIA “to study the
possibility of forming a body to assume the functions of
MYSKANIA.” Doug Goldshmidt, author of the measure, stated that
MYSKANIA has “ceased to be a valuable body..." and is now,
“nothing more than a parasite upon the Student Association."
Goldshmidt explained that MYSKANIA has not kept pace with a
changing University community.

Terry Mathias then agreed that the role of MYSKANIA needs some
reevaluation. As Chairman of MYSKANIA, he promised to persue the
matter, and report to Central Council no later than March 1970.

Security Problem
Council also examined the
recent problem in the
maintenance of internal security.
Securitydifficulticshave forced tho
Malcolm said "I live each dayaa .dmlm'tﬂtwn m an“! ‘n
it it u my lut day... He mixers. Council recommended
anticipated that something might “1“ “WWW 60'0"““5 Wm.
happen to him and even joked University ofﬁcials in an effortto
about it. Mr. H-lcv wrote the resolve this dilemma s '
' I . pecrfically,
Epilogue to the autobiography
an” the ‘hock of Wcolm,. Council asked that students carry
death. “it seemed asif something "mm"? 1-D- “"1" "a “P0”
proper request present them to

else came true that he said."
Several questions were directed any duly accredited University

Friday.Aprll l8. I969

granted  all

to Haley after his speech. He
commented about separatism,
saying that his ironic that Whites
are alarmed when a separatist
policy is mentioned. The Black
man kept seeing those signs
everywhere and when he says he
wants to be left alone Whites are
alarmed.

Haley said, Malcolm X felt that
there were many very sincere
white individuals interested in
worklng for the Black Cause. He
appreciated their spirit deeply and
felt it valuable for them to work
separately from the Blacks toward
the common goal of eliminating
Dmiudico.

offical. In the past, students have
been reluctant to show I.D.’s,
thereby badly hampering security
operations.

Secondly, particularly regarding
the Rathskellar, Council urged
students not to lend their I. D.’a
to any person whatsoever, or to
sponsor any guest not personally
known to the student.

Council was confident that
with student support, a workable
solution may be found,
precipitating the reinstatement of

mixers.

Wople as supreme court Jumce Doublas‘ congressws'm" ChiShOIm: Fame and fortune to our white palace? Believe it or

"0" I .lhink we're gem“. close' . teaching, writing, and research.

It ‘5 my behef that If you thought nbou" Him“ Their campaign originated and was implemented
like that, you would see something scary. The big E. without my knowledge
Somebody wanted that hole dug more than they '
wanted a bigger library, more than they wanted a
lower student/faculty ration, more even, than they

fantasles run In the oppomc directlon. toward Malcolm X's life inabook.

Haley spoke of his
experiences in compiling the
autobiography. At first it was
difficult to make Malcolm X
speak about himself. For six

the department and the work of
the department. It has been
implied that it is this criterion
which has not been satisfactoril
fulfilled by Waterman and
Rhoads.

and Nathan Wright, eminent author, in (hr: gm“, of one week.

He” is 3‘" OPPQYiunity l0? a"°'.'.‘.i:r kind of growth--a growth that
the Student is the ParliCIP‘li‘n'r in. We can learn a great deal from the
speakers coming '0 this campus within the next few weeks; we have
bee" Promiﬁ’éd such diverse men as Ted Sorcnson, Nat llentoff. LeRoi

Dean 0. William Perlmutter
College of Arts and Sciences

 

 

1°"21,Charlcs Ever. the former President of Peru, and others. This is

an opportunity which should not be missed.

Gray matters-not only in the classroom but in the lecture room,
where much valuable and interesting information can be attained.
Don't let apathy hold you back; take advantage of one of the great

advantages this UniVersity offers you.

 

WORKERS!

Call. 2:90,." 5 .

ANY WEEKDAY NIGHT

 

HELP Ell

THE ASP NEEDS TECHNICAL

It you can help us a few hours a 333:: .
is; can become an integral part of the A.S.P.

come to office 4 Room 323  from ‘74-le

wanted Waterman and Rhodes. All that nice stuff,
lost to a couple of dirty old men (the big E is a dirty
old men's club).

What I am laboring to say is that this ruh-ruh
warm ooze about a couple of profs is beneath you.
There are much more Important questions to be
asked than “Who will be next'l‘

Love to you all,
Paul Nathe

Presidio 27

To the Editors:
Along wlth others in the Albany are“. we wrote
‘0 s‘mm‘” J“c°b I’E'.’iis about the Very heavy
“mane” Which the 2"] soldiers in the San Fransisco
“rrcsldlo Stockade received as a result of their totally
non-violent protest on October 14, 1968. The
soldiers were protesting the killing a; u
fellow-prisoner. declared a "muan-g,,p,,,,',,,,,,,u by
Army Psychlﬂll‘lsl. Who “’33 shot in the back while
wannabes! 3.94%. 0M suicidal lmaulc: shotan
‘~ ,. award-n,distal-90v, wsllnvalask ‘of
ll..‘ll'l‘ll'llltlllil=l‘ll‘ll“.  .l, _ .  t
'. ,. "Wuyou'nsl‘rneni rat ins, aim. suns “America the
"Iliéltlitlflll'. ﬁnilf'i'éli‘d ' ' their .' 'liéllllon.'.'ThBY. were
' charged ivlt'h mutiny while they were still singing
and now being brought to trial. The first three

STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
offlce is located In Room 382 of the Campus
Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.Tax. The
ASP was founded by the Clan: 31' 1518.

Editors-ln-Chie/
Jill R. Paznilr & Ira J. Wolfman

News Editor

Associate News Edgar
Arts Editor

89972. Editor

Feature Editor
Technical Editors
Photography Editor
Business Manager
Advertising Manager

Tim Keeley

Kathy Huaeman

Carol Schour

Jim Winslow

Gary Gelt

Pat O'Hern, Bill Shapse
Ed Potakawslri

Philip Franchinl
Daniel Foxman

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for «opinions expressed. in, its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reﬂect its views.‘

 

 

soldiers tried received 15, 14, 16 years

 

 

 

Dr. Brown argued that “to be
lacking in one [criterion] is
essentially... to be lacking in all...
A deficiency in one is a necessary
and sufficient cause not to renew
a contract."

Dr. Brown was informed by
one student that “we are planning
on seeing Dean Perlmuttcr in the
near future." Dr. Brown's
immediate reply inferred that
their proposed action was more
designed to “make noiso...a five
year old who decides he is going
to hold his breath and die can t
do it, and neither can you." She
went on to say that “the decision
has been made and that's the
stand until and unless new
evidence has been presented."

The students believe that the
petitions are new evidence. and
are wondering where the rest of
the Psychology faculty stand in
relationship to Dr. Brown’s stated
positions concerning the attempt
to reinstate the two professors In
question.

weeks, he spoke only about the
Organization of the Nation of
Islam and Elijah Muhammud.

Finally, Malcolm responded to
a question about his childhood
and hls mother in a “sort of
stream of consciousness way”
which became the usual manner
of interview from then on. A man
who was used to verbal conflict in
so much of his life became relaxed
and spoke readily and freely after
that.

For six months there were such
interviews in the evenings several
times per week. A rough
chronology of Malcolm's life was
compiled with very little
quastloning and much free
reminiscing.

Haley came to know
Malcolm X so closely that he
could write a few words on the
tychrlter and know what
Malcolm had said. Haley did
not use tapes during interviews at

'H' Haley reminisced about
Malcolm X, giving insight into his

ALEX HALEY TOOK A FEW MINUTES OUT YESTERDAY after lee
the book be aided in compiling. THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY 0F MALC

mam swoops} of
outlaw"

Photo by Ilenqu

.‘

“~1W; . rel-ovumoymjead. ..

 

