 

 

, , .‘eontimedfrompqel
were; presented to' the Department. At this point
. I- Dean's Perlmutter and Colman informed the group
that due to the state budget cuts and the resultant
freeze on University appointments, no outside
nominees could be accepted. Furthermore, when
the budget is.re_stored, there isno guarantee that
provision for a department chairman would appear
sincethe R.P.A. Department has a low rank‘in the
priorities of the Division. ,
Since Mrs. Kendall’s successor was still
’ unknown, the department was forced to examine
its own ranks for possible candidates for chairman.
The work of the Search Committee was then
, suspended. There are only two tenured faculty
members in the R.P.A.’ Departmentu Mrs. Kendall
and Dr. Richard Wilkie. Mrs. Kendall had no
intention of remaining Acting Chairinan and Dr.

Wilkie (presently on sabbatical leave) does not
want the job.

Since the R.P.A. Department is young, it is, as
Mrs. Kendall termed it, “bottom heavy." There are

' few tenured professors and many instructors who
lack the criteria for consideration as possible
Chairmen.

The presence of Professor Richard McNally has
augmented the problem. Named as Visiting
Professor in June, he is not now a member of the
staff of this university. He has been recommended
by Mrs. Kendall for an Assistant Professorship, a
tenured position, that could lead to his
appointment as Acting Chairman.

McNally’s appointment last year was not
without 0 position. The department had been
allocated unds for a visiting professor only to
discover the scarcity of candidates. Since the
department is so new, the members had not yet
decided what aspect of Rhetoric and Public
Address would be accented. Since McNally is :1
Classical Rhetorilician, his appointment might
imply an orientation to the department which has
not yet been decided.

The prevailing attitude was, however,to accept
McNally since the department needed the

  

incentive to develop. It was feared that if the,
allocation of funds was not used at this time by
the de artment, further opportunities would not
be fo coming.‘ 1

Mrs. Kendall contends, however, that McNally’s
appointment as Visiting Professor was “strongly
supported by a majority of the faculty ," a position
sharply criticized by Rawson and Wasserman. The
question of McNally’s being hired at the University
has further complicated the matter.

Student majors were asked to comment upon
the hiring of McNally and other faculty
appointments in, a four page memorandum. These
recommendations were to be submitted to Mrs.
Kendall who would consider them before making
her .own decisions. Those students responding who
knew McNally seemed in favor of his appointment.
However, not all students were familiar with this
professor and withheld cement.

Opinion of McNally has changed since
the beginning of the semester when the poll was
taken, according to Rawson and Wasserman.
Further opposition has been heard as a result of
McNally’s comments on the role of students in the
department.

McNally haspublically denied aspiration to the
Chairmanship while serving as a member of the
Search Committee. His actions were questioned in
many quarters as to the ethical considerations of
his membership.

The role of the student in Professor McNally’s
view was explained recently. He feels that
“students are not junior faculty" Although the
role of students in the affairs of the department is
a proper one, he remains unconvinced of the
equitablity of “student voting on a parity with
faculty" in departmental decisions.

McNally declared that he is not yet certain as to
whether he would agree to serve as departmental
chairman or even if he will stay at Albany.

Rawson and Wasserman‘s letter intended to stir
up the faculty and students involved to activity
upon this issue. The numerous questions they
present remain unanswered. Hopefully, today's
meeting will clarify the actions taken by Mrs.
Kendall in meeting this problem.

 

  
  
 

 " as

   

Tamed  Plot

 

 

On my mind

 

 

  

by Barry Kirschner
If Shak“Wei”e can say, "The If we look at our student Peo lc deserve wl
. n . ttl .
Pepple are the City, Him“)! do“ government. it is no different. The vgters of the iinitdtiysiiffés
think that he would oblect to my Meetings of Central Council deserved Johnson, and now they

saying, ‘The students are the
university.’ The logical
implications of this is that our
complaints of sterile surroundings
and an impersonal environment,
are no more than manifestations
of unproductive minds and lazy
bodies.

No less an expert than Yuban
coffee taster John Arbuckle said
it--“you get what you pay for." if
we are not satisﬁed with what we
are getting at Albany State, it is
only because we have not put
forth satisfactory effort. This
statement is not restricted to
cumulative indices. but includes
our student government and
various campus organizations.

This very newspaper which
bears the brunt of numerousjokcs
and criticisms is a prime example.
It is a reﬂection, notjust of those
on the editorial staff, but the
entire student body. Were it not
for the dedication (bordering on
insanity) of a handful of workers
on the ASP staff, the paper you
now hold would only be of service
in rest rooms.

border on the ludicrous, and the
elections we have from time to
time, cross that border. An
electorate which votes for the girls
with the largest chest, or the guy
with the catchy name (i.e.
Zipper). deserves what it gets on
this campus.

Wh'ilc constitutional revision
which would have allowed direct
election of the Student
Association President has been
introduced, student apathy has let
it die. Thus we still accept the
policy in which a couple of dozen
students elect a spokesman for
each studcnt of the university.

Last year on campus we saw
the passage and rc-passagc of a
mandatory student tax. While
over 2,000 students were willing
to sign petitions against
mandatory tax, less than 600 were
willing to move their ass over to
the polling booth and vote their
sentiments. Thus the student
body voluntarily relinquished its

only check on how our
government spends our tax
money.

 

Tickets are on sale for

HOLIDAY SING ‘69

Distribution: Campus Center lobby
Date: Mon. thru Fri.

tickets are tree with student tax

12/8 - 12/12

have earned Nixon. The SUNYA
electorate has earned its
mandatory tax. its ineffective
government, and its slanted
newspaper. If we follow in this
path, we may see David
Eisenhower in the White House
some day, and that is, neither
humorous nor desirable.

 

 

PLEASE END 9.00
PLLE $.25 TO COVER
PCSTAGE Sal-MING
FOR EACH POSTER 1131
TD. SHANBYM

40W 55TH Si?

 

 

 

 

u‘or AVAILABLE tn TllE noon! 

 

WASHINGTON-.(CPsy-The
uncovering and publicizing of
news about the My Lal massacre
in South Vietnam are partof a
'plot hatched by the “moratorium
crowd" to continue their “fifth
column efforts to divide our
peo le and disgrace our country,"
a .S. Congressman has charged
on the House ﬂoor.

in a speech entitled “Pinkville
Massacre--A Moratorium Project,"
Rep. John Rarlck (D-La.) said the
publicity given the incident is a
“disgraceful spectacle that
“exceeds even the citizens’
revulsion of the alleged massacre
at Pinkville.

“in order to gain a Communist
victory in Vietnam, under the
guise of peace, Americans lower
themselves to any level."

At least no Vietnamese
civilians are thought to have been
killed in the incident which
allegedly occured when American
infantrymen entered the hamlet
of My Lai March 16, 1968 and
began indiscriminately shooting
the townspeople. A US.
lieutenant has already been
charged with the murder of 109
civilians in the case.

Rarick concluded his remarks
saying, “So once again we ﬁnd
Hanoi calling the signals for its
‘Dear American Friends' in the
US. This time we find not only
that our national news media is
pushing the Hanoi ropaganda but
that they paid to uy the ‘news.’

Council

on ASP .

continued from page 1

must be made accountable to the
students. He further suggested
extending the facilities of the ASP
by combining its function with
that of an Administrative
newsheet. Under the plan there
would be an All-University
newspaper, serving both the
students and the administration.

The participants in the session
felt that the discussions
undertaken had been very

valuable, but far from complete.
Another session will be held this
Thursday following the regular
Central Council meeting.

 

 

    
 

 

DIAMOND RINGS

isnvl rrilrr‘rjl'ti

n, "cu
in PunilCumpun' Int
in HM

HOW TO PLAN YEUR EN

the beauti

 

 

When you know

All your sharing. all your
special memories have
grown into a precious and
enduring love. Happily, these
cherished moments will be
lorever symbolized by your
diamond engagement ring.

the ring and on the tag. you

are assured of ﬁne quality

"Jewelers."
REGISTERED
:K ggpsake‘D

Please send new 20 ago booklet, “How To Pl V E ' "
and new l2 papa. all color lolder, both lord'anUEBchxiwm'M “d wodqu
lul 4 page Bride's Kcaprahe Book at trail prlcni p."

{tarsus lilAMONlp Jilt'lGS. spit NHFVMA‘QVSE, mew you met

it’s for keeps

it the name, Keepsake is in

and lasting satisfaction. The
engagement diamond is
flawless. of superb color. and
precise modern out. Your
Keepsake Jeweler has a
choice selection of many
lovely styles. He's listed in
the yellow pages under

GAGEMENT AND 

to, how can I obtain

fancier, 9,1969 .,_

  

   
   
 
 

I'LL MEET YOU AT THE.

................. . .PEDESTAL'I

 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
    
 
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
    
    
    
  
  

     
 

7- ‘ ~ “MN!

---berriomin

Military against war

sign secret protest

SAN FRANCISO —(CPS)--As
many as ten thousand National
Guardsmen and military reservists
are ready to jeopardize their
military positions by joining
together to protest the Vitenam
War and American imperialism.

An estimated five to ten
thousand guardsmen and reservists
have been signing a protest
statement now being clandestiner
circulated throughout the country
and scheduled for release
probably during Moratorium
activities this month.

The statement is one of the
strongest released by any military
group. “One Vietnam is enough,"
it reads, “Too many people have
been killed already to preserve
America‘s overseas empire."

The statement continues: “We

demand total withdrawal of ALL 3 ,9

our fellow American soldiers from
Vietnam now . . . Wc demand
total withdrawal now of all thc

armies of dictatorships
throughout Latin America and
sia..."

The statement does not violate
any military law, according to Lt.
Col. James Elliott, public affairs
officer for the National Guard
Bureau in the Pentagon. But
signccs may face tacit reprimands
from lower rank officers in their
individual locales, and some
spokesmen here for those signing
the petition say they risk
activization.

Col. Elliott told CPS that his
office has investigated reports of
the petition “and we‘ve found
nothing."

A spokesman for the group,
Adam llochschild of “OJ.
Association" based in San
Francisco said many of the signch
students on college
campuscs--"primarily graduate
students who joined the Reserves
or the Guard in the last year or

American soldiers advising the twoto avoid heingdraflcd."

 

 

 

 

.....................................      

 

Xmas cards
Panasonic Ratios

Phonogrqrhs

Class Rings

 

State University Bookstore
— Special Holiday Sales —
G.E. flashcubes
Regular $1.69—3l.l9

Many gifts for all

Tare recorders

A couplets he at low low prices
Come in browse and see for yourself
Order now. pay later

Extra added special.
ring [or a new one lust “5.00

Hours Mon thru Thursday 9-8
Friday 954:30
...... .ZI.‘..‘.fi.1.....,....§amcdny.9n1;oo.......................

wrapping paper

Trade your old

 

 

.j

 

visitation '

 

sh
—

by Jack Schwartz

 

America is finall coming out of her state of
shock over our new ?) liberation policy in Vietnam.-
Unfortunately. All of us must sleep tonight in the
knowledge that we share in mass murder.

But war is hell, so let’s nail the offenders and get
it ﬁnished with. Of course scum like it. Calley
should be punished, even though he was just “taking
orders”; can we let the real villians escape? What of
Johnson, Humphrey, Nixon and Rostow? And Dean
Rusk, Robert McNamara and Arthur Goldberg?
These are the murderers of Song My. Three
administrations and seven congresses, Dow Chemical
and AT and T should be put on trial. The superb
columnist of the New York Post, Pete Hamill, has
correctly chosen the site for the endeavor: “it’s a
town called Nuremberg.“

We, the people of civilized America, have allowed
this to happen. In the ﬁfties, we permitted the
treachery of Ike Eisenhower, of the White House
prankster Dickie Nixon, of John Foster Dulles and
his perverted domino theory. Once more the
citizens of the US. will shrug off another set of
atrocities. We can march around in D.C., to go home
and feel “real good."

Student reaction here in Albany is probably no
different than at other morally stagnant universities.
The faculty can go on with their government
research, oblivious to their part in it all, a
microcosm of a syphilitic country exists here on
campus. Next Monday, a bill will be brought to the
University Senate, on the Vietnam complicity of
our school community. Will we continue to be
indifferent, or can we take a stand against
illegitimate authority?

You can‘t all run away from this dilemma, thanks
to the ever-present draft system. Playing along with
the numbers game, many students have jumped to
their ﬁrst chance of real academic freedom, have
joined the ranks of‘ the dropouts. l caution against
such action; according to a recent article in N.Y.C.
papers, the chances are not as good as it once
seemed for the high number pickers.

The original Pentagon ﬁgure of only the top 1/3
being drafted has been refuted by Selective Service,
whose spokesman puts the percentage closer to 80.
Draft calls are expected to rise, and quotas are

changing. In New York City, it is expected that all
numbers up to 300 have a good chance of being

taken. (N.Y. Post, 12/4/69). Maybe now some of

you will end your ignorant positions on the war and

the draft.

My suggestions for the class of 1970 is to think
about the Peace Corps, Vista or teaching as the best
means of legal evasion. Write to the Boards of ,
Education in upstate N.Y. or NJ. for information.

Forget N.Y. City, their teaching ranks are already
overflowing. You can also reserve tickets for Canada
or England, or return your draft card to your local
board. Friends tell me that Holland and Sweden are
nice, too. '

I would like to review uickly the last fun-ﬁlled
issue of the ASP (l2/S . Central Council has
surprised no one wity another bunch of asinine
moves. We need a football coach and a troop of
illiterate jocks instead of more teachers and
classrooms, right? And good old Terry Mathias and
his gang want academic credit for their egotistical
tomfoolery. How many credits will Y.S.A.
membership get? President K. adroitly refused to
answer my queries at his last “conference,” with the
great help of Clifﬁe Thorne. i would still like to
know why the faculty can take the entire library
home with them for free, and who our little
right-wing arsonist at Albany is? i couldn't mind
protecting pigs like the hut burner, if the school
didn’t arrest every drug offender they caught!

“Breaking Bureacracy” was a ﬁne substitute for a
comic strip. Thorne knows damn well about the
plain-clothed pigs on campus, and the wire-taps on
our phones. That’s right kiddies, the police state has
come to Albany State. Cops don’t have to look at
our records on narcotics offenses; they probably
had copies made before ours were ﬁnished.

In “Communications,” trusty Gene Nickerson
certainly knows when to change from conservative
to moderate to liberal when the issue arises! (He
takes lessons from Rockefeller).

And in conclusion. to the authors of the “Kathy
Kendall doctrine"~all the power to you!

Sleep well tonight students; if you were
Vietnamese, you‘d probably be dead.

 

YOU can help

 
 

LILY-mars cam moon

iii© FEW

mi. amen. In.

han c this picture. . .

   
  

 

'Firri. take 20 years and learn this intricate tool'

 

interested in helping HIRE. please contact
Alan Levine

titilitlttttiitiiitiiiititiiitititiﬁ.5 nuances-..

 

“.0”...."u".........................».

Human interest Regarding Employment (H.I.R.E.) is seeking to change this picture. If you a at

Union College Box 7l7
Scherrectady,Nngpr_lr |230,8  ... . . .

 

 

  

      
   

 
 
  
  

*1,»

   
    
   
 
    

