  

      
    
  

*'..,¢n~.:_.‘,» h..“'~"“'~;""‘x , ‘a-ﬁm'xcaa’ resignation. 3;». as.

,..,.«;...zc,..¢ n , .9

do“.

r" .. QMW-Aikan .m4uw..,,...g , ~. ,,..

 

.o. moon. «gamercMW

  
 
 
 

 

-’ -. This  the Newa‘ork‘State legislature wraps up what can only
- " ,» be described’as an unsatisfying, and in some ways reactionary, session. 1 '
‘5- This session has produced some of the most inequitable laws seen in
driestite in many 'a year."l'he “Flynn Anti-Riot Bill," which is still
 the Governor's signature, was one prime example of this. The

7Duryea Penal"  Amendment, which makes conviction in two
diffth campus disorders a felony, was passed and signed by the

Governor-making it now a law.

The Sta'tebud'get was another example of the poor. judgement of
the legislators: While irgsrirrg the passage of pay increases for top
state appointed officials, the legislators found it possible to out both
the Education and Welfa‘fe budgets to points of irreparable damage. it
was only becuase of a huge outcry ,of public indignation that- the
Eduéation budget Was restored to almost the level desired. However,
this legislature saw ﬁt to cut the Welfare budget so deeply that most
human resource administrators and a great many public ofﬁcials

decried the cuts as racist and anti-poor.

The blame must fall upon~the entire legislature-«but to a great
extent the“brunt of the problem is the responsibility of the

Republican Party. » -

This party has sponsored and favored most of the reactionary
legislation that came out of the ’69 session. it was Republican
leadership that killed the~ 18 year old vote in committee; it was the
Republicans who voted almost straight party line against the aborion
liberalization bill; and it was‘the Republicans who sponsored the

Flynn and Duryea bills.

it was Republican governor Nelsen Rockefeller who introduced the
budget, and Republican Perry Duryea who arranged for the 128

million dollar cut in welfare.

The students who worked for the “new breed" of Republicans of

Albany County this fall must have felt anger and a sense of betrayal
against those supposedly “Liberal” men who went ahead and voted
for conservative measures down the line

 

     
 
    
  
  
   

  
 
 
 
   

        
   

“mg/ah — -—

a?

y 1") '
_D.JI/ LE7)”

    

' 

 

' Communications

 

All communicationa,muat be oddmau'd to the

editor and must be
white! to editing.

‘Activity Card’ Error
To the Editors:

Through the ASP, I am pleased to report to the
Student Body that the ASP has again returned to its

Thislegislature has failed to further the basic aims and interersts of duw 0‘ "mom": on the mum“ of central

the people of New York. We sincerely hope that the peopleof New
York will remember who was responsible for the debacleof the 1969
session, and treat them accordingly at the polls.

Reform Neglected

President Collins indicated at his Conference with Students on
Monday that there was not going to be a full pass-fail system
instituted at this University in September, but rather that a partial
approach would be used. This is a sad development. Through all the
bitter exchanges between advocates of full or partial pass-fail, we
thought we saw the mutual agreement that, ideally, total pass-fail
would be most desirable. In addition, we noted that over 70% of the
students voting favored COMPLETE pass-fail in the poll held last
month.

We are saddened in noting the institution of partial system,
oblivious to the wishes of so many students. It seems to us as if radical
change, simply because of its sweeping dimensions, has led to
compromise in a case where compromise was neither desired-nor
necessary.

Concrete Devastation

We sincerely hope that Sir Stone is not offended at the appearance
of human bodies on this campus. It is a serious matter. for the campus
was obviously not constructed to accomodate such nasty intrusions.

in addition to the bodies establishing themselves non-symmetrically
on the central symmetry of the podium, the structure of the bodies is,
in some cases, non-symmetrical.

This devastating condition has been brought about by phenomenon
not cominon to this campus and that is the consistent appearance of
the sun. (Of course it could be an illusion to make us believe that this
place is just like the real world.)

Threatening, too, is the assumption that these humans, being on
university grounds, may learn something that will actually allow them
to dominate and use the structure rather than the opposite.

We hope Sir Stone will not feel the necessity of eliminating these
seasonal appearances even though they are so much less attractiVe

 

i
i

’Apply CC room 323 any weekday night.

than masses of symmetrical concrete.

4
* Be A Star!
[Work an ill ASP technical stall.

No “experience necessary.

 

 

 

Council. However, that return has included
reporting that is somewhat inaccuarte. I

The ASP printed on page one of the April 18
issue an article on the change of policy concerning
the Student Activity Assessment. Some gross
misinterpretations occurred! it was reported that
the "Activity" cards are no longer required" to “vote
in Student Association elections.” This is not true.

The “Activity Card" is actually a “Validation and
Activity Card," as is printed on the face of the card.
It is a multipurpose card for ALL STUDENTS.
Whether or not they have paid the Student Activity
Assessment, ALL STUDENTS must have this card.
It is proof that the student is a current student at
SUN YA, and therefore should be carried at all times
with the iD card. If the Student Activity
Assessment has been paid, then this card is valid for
obtaining the rights and privileges of Student
Association. However, the non-payer must also
carry his card as proof of current registration at the
University.

The Validation and Activity Cards MUST be
obtained from the Campus Center Information
Desk, especially if the student plans to vote in the
upcoming elections. The current Validation and
Activity Card is the only acceptable means for
Student Association to check on the voter’s
eligibility. This card MUST be presented by each
student in order for him to vote.

Terry D. Mathias,
Vice Chairman
Central Council

Brother Paul Na'the.....

To the Editors:

Brother Paul Nathe, in the April 15, ASP raises an
important, although unfortunately uninformedly
misguided point about the current unpleasantness in
the psychology dept.

What Brother Nathe suggests is that the efforts of
the involved students might be better directed
against the threats of the power structure at large
rather than towards the exemptification of the lack
of concern (of power structure here at Albany)
about their preparation for a “good” life. Such

“‘ ‘ could be equally directed against the Black
Student Unions across the country; and equally
unjustly.

We must combat the moral bankrupcy of the
power structure and the apathy of the people on all
levels. Wherever and Whenever the interests of the
people frte not being served we must raise the
clenche fist of protest. Certainly we are indebted
to [Father Nathe for prodding our consciousness
about the problems of our larger society, but
society is reflected here at Sunya.

Thomas S. Costello
Albany Peace and Freedom Party

ugnad' . Communications on

Save Chapel House

To the Editors:

I first visited Chapel House in October 1968. I
was immediately impressed not only by the warmth
of the people that‘I met but by the rusticand
informal spirit of The House: Since that day, I have
been to many meetings and worship services at
Chapel House and the atmosphere of this building is
so much a part of the services or discussions that
without Chapel House they would be incomplete.

I think that this quick expression of my interest

in Chapel House is shared by many who have visited
this house. For many, “Chapel House" has come to
be a symbol for friendly interaction between
people.

A new Inter-Faith Center is being planned. I have
seen the preliminary plans and the new structure
will displace Chapel House. A small group of
students formed the Student Committee to Save
Chapel House. We are attempting to explore
pouible ways by which the Inter-Faith Center can
be constructed without necessitating the razing of
Chapel House. Can the size of the building be
decreased so that it can be constructed near Chapel
House? If so how shall it be modiﬁed? [a it
structurally and economically feasible to move
Chapel House? These are the types of questions that
committee members have been asking. However,
before we can proceed, we must have student
support. Hence, a petition will be circulated during
the week starting April 28, 1969.

Thomas Vitals
172 W. O’Kara Dr.
Schenectady

 

 

ASP STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at. Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 45721903194.

Editord-ln-Chlef
Jill R. Poznllr & Ira .l. Wolfmsn

 

News Editor Tim Keeley
Associate News Editor Kathy Huseman
Arts Editor Carol Schour
Sports Editor Jim Winslow
Feature Editor Gary Gelt
Technical Editors Pot O'Harn, Bill Shame
Photography Editor Marty Ben/0min
BMW” MOW" Philip Franchini
Adwrtiﬂna Marlow Daniel Form».
The Albany Student Press assumes no

responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressiqu
do riot necessarily reflect its views. .'

 

 

 

n “WWW”-.. n...” . .-...............,—....‘ W... .

._ «5...... ,

  
   

Vel.tV no. 6 LL02

Psych students, 

Perlmutter
hash it out

A new development in the
Waterman-Rhonda controversy led
to a heated discussion at the open
meeting of psychology majors,
minors, and interested students
held yesterday. The meeting
began with a statement by Dr. 0.
William Perlmutter, Dean of the
College of Arts and Sciences, who
presented a proposal for a
faculty-student; review
committee, which came as the
culmination of 3V: weeks of
continuous effort on the part of

students, faculty, and
administration.
This proposed committee

would consist of the original
personnel committee of the
Psychology Department, which is
made up of four tenured
psychology professors, Dr. Brown,
Dr. Econ, Dr. Ostereich, and Dr.
Greenfeld. In addition, on the
review committee would be four
students, two undergraduates, and
two graduates who are majors in

psychology.
Dean Perlmutter explained that
these students would be

appointed by himself from a
tentative list suggested by the

non-tenured members of the
psychology faculty.
After the Dean left the

meeting, the students continued
discussion on this issue. They
expressed the opinion that the
structure of the committee was
tokenism, and therefore not
acceptable. They felt that this
type of student distribution on
the committee (two grads and two
undergrads) poorly represents the
student body, in that the
proportion of graduate psych.
students is not nearly equal to the
number of psych. majors in the
undergraduate program.

This also does not. take into
account psychology minors and
students who have taken courses
given by Waterman and Rhoads.
There were no psychology
graduate students present at this
meeting. The students felt that
because they have expressed little
or no interest concerning this
issue, granting them 50% of the
student power on this committee
was "unfair."

The students also believed that
it was their right to elect their
representatives to this and all
committees. They strongly
opposed selection or appointment

by any other means. They decided .

to elect their own representatives
to talk with the four faculty
members. These students are:

Mitch Foster, Marcia Buebel,
Sandi Weinroth, and Sharon
Westfall.

It is the responsibility of these
student representatives to meet
with the psychology Personnel
Committee and report back to
students this Thursday.

It was expressed that this issue
has pointed to a university-wide
principle that affects and involves
all of the academic departments
on this campus. It was therefore
decided to hold an all-university
student meeting this Thursday to
be concerned with these issues, at

which the four student
representatives will report their
progress.

The Ming will be held this
Thursday, May 1, at 8 pm. at a
location to be announced. All
interested students are urged to
attend.

 
  

All,“

   

   

      
  

    

  hum oust... j

State University at No. Verb at Albany

[W OF YOUNG VIRGINS! Tripirg

through the fountain in a fit of spring fever, these coeds mirrored the

carch attitude prevalent on campus these days.

How to vote on Mandatory

---beniomr'n

- Elections

 Determinel969-7

Polls open tomorrow at 10:00
am for students to cast their
ballot for candidates running for
Central Council, LAAC and for
(or against) Mandatory Student
Fees.

Voting will be held in the main
lounge of the Campus Center
tomorrow, Thursday and Friday
from 10:00 am to 3 pm each day.

It will be necessary for students
to present their Validation and
Activity card, along with an l.D.,
dthough it is not necessary to
have paid student tax, in order to
vote. (Validation and Activity
ard may be obtained at the

Campus Center information
Desk.)
All undergraduates, except

  

 

Tuerdogmpr'il 
tomorrow

those who have applbd 
gaduation in June or August '69,
are eligible to vote. .
The Mandatory tax referendum
will read: “It is hereby proposed
that the following be enacted:

“that the Student Activity

Assessment (Student Activity and
Athletic fee) be mandatory forall
‘undergraduates, except those
exempted by appropriate Central
Council legislation, beginning the
Fall Semester of 1969.

Senator Vance Hartlre
(Democrat-indium) will speak on
Sunday, May 4, at 2 PM in
conjunction with the Student
Government Inauguration
sponsored by MYSKANIA 1970.
It is at this time that the new
members of Central Council and
Living Area Affairs Commission
will be sworn into ofﬁce.

Student Fee

Editor's Note: The Student Tax referendum, to be held Wednesday through Friday of this week, has been the center of confusion and

controversy all year long. in order that there be some discussion readily available as to whether or not tax s
have invited both Mr. Mathias and Mr. Neely to express their opposing viewpoints. They have submitted the fo

Yes !

by Terry Mathias

7 Student Association
faces a very serious dilemma in
ﬁnances for the 1969-70 fiscal
year. Central Council is cuaght
between the need for a greater
income than ever before and the
desire to keep the present
Student Activity Assessment
from becoming more a financial
burden to the constituents.
Requests for a budget in excess of
$320,000 were trimmed to
approximately $225,000.
However, at the present rate, only
about $196,000 to $200,000 can
be expected in income.

At present, because of the
voluntary assessment, the
budgeting procedures must
include a number of guessed
factors. First, Central Council and
its Budget Committee must
attempt to guess how many
students will pay the voluntary
assessment. For the past four
semesters, approximately 70% of
the student body has paid. Central
Council feels that it is fairly safe
to assume that about 70% would
pay the voluntary assessment.
That ﬁgure is at. least in the right.
ballpark. A mandatory assessment
would fix that figure to within a
few inches of home plate,
allowing for the very few
exemptions that may be granted
for economic reasons.

The second guessed factor is
the rate of the assessment for the
upcoming year. Presently
$20.00(of the $28.75asseumcnt;
per semester goes directly to the
Student Association general
treasury for activities such as
concerts, lectures, the Coffee
House Circuit, AMlA and WRA,
and other such activities. The
other $8.75 goes to the Athletic
Association of Student
Association to support
intercollegiate athletics. It is very
certain that the present rate of
628.75 must: be maintained. As a
matter of fact, to cover the
proposed expenditures, the
assessment should be raised.

However, a point of diminishing
returns will be reached, and the
financial situation ‘will worsen
rather than improve. So Central
Council must estimate what rate
should be charged without
reaching the point of diminishing
returns. Once again,-a mandatory
assessment would eliminate this
guess work.

The third guessed factor is a
combination of the first two. in
order to project the amount of
income, Central Council
multiplies (a) the projected
number of assessment-payers by
(b) the projected rate. It. is on this
tentative figure that the budget. is
based. For the upcoming fiscal
year, the figures are these:

(is) 4900-5000 assessment
payers Le. 70% of the projected
undergraduate enrollment
times

(b) an assessment of $40.00 for
the year ($20.00 per semester) to
equal 3196.000 to $200,000.
hmtom‘lmrim l.

 

m . ma 

      

ﬁr,»
A COLDIEEI, sonathhg dabdusalfora

No!

by Keith Nealv

Is the mandatory student, fee .

inevitable, as the ASP suggested in
one of its masthead editorials
recently? If Central Council has
anything to say about it, it is.
Fortunately the Council has
exercised some wisdom in
providing for what seems to be at
this point a reasonable
referendum. The question is now
how many people will vote.

The quasi‘referendum held on
23-25 October 1968 drew under
1500 total votes. (0n 4 Dec.
1968) the Supreme Court upheld

' I L' l I

_, o
of Paul Schlecht and Steve
Kichen, and one of myself

"' _ in the ‘ ' " of the
"referendum" invalid and two
subsequent bills of Central
Council, 686961.62 “illegal and
unconstitutional" since there was
no real referendum). Following
the “referendum” 3000 signatures
were gathered by a group

. mandate student tax.

 

   

 

long, dryapell, we're mliud this weekend as the new LAAC policies

took effect. With the new freedom

however.

comes new illty.
---polalrowahl

hould be made mandatory, we
llowing articles:

this was more than double the
total number voting in the
« "referendum." Where were they
then? Where will you be?
Anyway, it seems we're about
to try it again. Central Council
recently (10 April) passed CC
6869-124 (Referendum for
Mandatory Student ‘Activitiy
Assessment). Once again we'll be
voting on whether or not we want
to force all but those exempted
for economic reasons to pay
$29.75 per semester. Before I
attack the wisdom of a mandatory
student fee, let me familiarize you
L ‘ with the background.
Back in October, CC 6869-41
authorized what was called a
‘ ’ on mandatory student
tax. Bill 6869-21 provided for
economic exemptions. Bill
686962 provided the penalty for
nonpayment. All three bill were
overwhelmingly passed (-41 in my
absence -61 and -62 with my
single vote against). Several days
prior to the Courts decision I
resigned from Central Council for
academic reasons.
Included in the Court's decision
was the following:

The Court takes this
opportunity to point out to the
Central Council that as presently
constituted it does not contain
any "duly elected representatives
of the student body" as a whole,
but only of the Student
Association, i.e., the students who
have paid the present voluntary
student activities fee. Therefore. if
it Is to not In accordance with the
decision of the Board of Trustees,
the Central Council as it now
exists cannot institute a
mandatory student fee, lulu any
action to implement the [u once
it is adopted (emphasis added).
spend any monies received from
such a mandatory student fee, or
control any “Fitment: of an
educational, cultural, recreational,
and social nature" to be financed
by such a tee. 
"unwanted-r33.

 

  
 
  
  
   
       
       
     
      
   
  

     
      
   

     
 
 
        
     
    

44k

    
      
              
    
          
       
           
        
    
 
    
   
    
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
   
   

.A..«..~.,m.. v< .

   
   
 

   
   

  

. ._ “$4.21.”: ..

  

 

