V‘Vv- <

J7

,. A “Miow... - K \... -ﬁ,__,_,~

J

A‘

4". w ~01: . " .

 

 

  

PAGE 8,

Editorial Comment

Guest Editorial!

 

Nixon's request for blind obedience from his ‘silent majority'

warranted a reply. Joan Baez Ham's supplied us with a perfect one.

Ultimately you can listen to only one thing,
Not your president,
Not your misguided leaders, save a few,
Not the communists or the socialists
Or the republicans or the democrats,
But you must listen to your own heart,
And do what it dictates.
Because your heart is the only thing
Which can tell you what is right
And what is wrong.
And after you have found out
What you think is right and what is/Wl'ong.
Then you must know that you can say yes
To what is right and no to what is wrong.
And you young men, for instance,
If you feel that to kill is wrong
And to go to war is wrong,
You have to say no to the draft.
And if you young ladies think
It is wrong to kill, and war is wrong,
You can say yes to the young men
Who say no to the draft.
Because it is not the leaders and the
Dictators, it is not God
Who is going to get us out of the
Bloody mess we are in.
It is only you and only me.
JOAN BAEZ HARRIS

Love

Love is a beautiful thing
Why must so many analize & pull it apart?
Accept it as is—Why ask why?

Because people don‘t believe in their
own worth & how anyone could love them.

Yea— But maybe that “love” becomes
a pain. (in the ole ass)

So that it’s half/love half hate & then
Man! you‘re frustrated.

You must not have ever experienced real love to think it’s such a
pain. Iove‘s what makes one complete.

PS. My man could never leave me frustrated, unless he were
dead—buried in his grave—guess again or stop dreaming

My heart was hurt
now its hollow. It
was full before!

Without a hurt
the heart is hollow

Fools Fuck
Wise men make Love

How long is forever

When everyday another

"I’ll love you forever" dies?
Why don't we just say

“I love you now" and let it go?

The great thing is sensation—
To feel we exist~even in pain

Where can you find a guy
that is decent, who respects
you and is super affectionate?
I seem to strike out on all 3.

Ray Katzl!

Everyone has problems— l have
problems — I thought that I

was the only lonely & desperate,
But thanks to the writing in the
Bathroom walls I

feel I am not alone anymore.
Thank you all

you have helped

me a great deal!

Peace.

What's left when the
Establishment doesn't even
let you see the handwriting
on the wall?

EBBIE THE EEI’

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS '

  

on’T TOUCH
w THE STUFF.

WELL, mm my HrurrNtNG,
ARISTOTLE. I‘LL BET iT’S
OPENED NEW AND USEFUL
Amvmes role you, WHAT
DO you Do
WITH ALL
THE EXTRA
TIME Now?

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 7, I969

 

0 ABOUT
llunar?"

   

<'-~ ‘ DRUNK.

 
   
   
       
   

   
    
 

   
 
 

ALBANY» STUDENT
PRESS

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vol. [W No. l4

 

 

COMM UNI CA TI 0N8

 

No Pogroms Today

To the Editor:

Friday, November 7th, marks the anniversary of
the government of the Soviet Union.

Many changes have taken place in the USSR
during their 52 years of Soviet rule, but three
million Soviet Jews fare little better than their
ancestors did in Czarist times.

It is true that there are no pogroms today, but
under the Czars Jews were permitted schools,
publishing facilities, and freedom to emigrate. These
asic human rights are denied to3,000,000 Soviet
Jews today.

We of the upstate Council of Youth for Soviet
Jewry demand that the Soviets allow all Jews who
wish the freedom to emigrate, and grant all Jews
who with to remain the freedom to live as Jews in
the USSR.

If you support our demands send a clipping of
this letter to: Embassy of the Union of Soviet
Socialist Republics, 1125 16th Street NW,
Washington, D.C.

We are our brothers’ keepers!

Sincerely ,
Bracha King,
Eastern Coordinator

Meaningful Conspiracy
To the Editors of the ASP:

There is a diabolical plot on this cam us (perhaps
even a COMMUNIST CONSPIRAC to make
elections at SUNYA meaningful. How dare anyone
advocate such a heinous thing? Don‘t the
perpetrators of such a revolutionary course of
action know...(Could the ASP editors belong to this
cabal of anarchists?)...Don’t these perpetrators
know that the quality of a man’s character and the
extent of his intelligence CAN BE ACCURATELY
JUDGED by the number of signs the man puts up
or by the catchiness of his campaign jingle? Don't
these conspirators realize that to attempt to make
an election for University Senate as meaningful as
an election for Homecoming Queen i: committing a
mortal sin against SUNYA orthodoxy?

The conspirators bear close scrutiny; they will try
anything to achieve their vile goals.
Imagine—requesting that each candidate submit an
essay espousing his philosophy! Such a request
makes two dangerous assumptions: 1) that
candidates for University Senate can write (which to
the relief of many was quickly dispelled by one
glance at the articles) and 2) that candidates for
University Senate have a constructive philoso hy
(which to the relief of many was quickly dispe led
at the ﬁrst University Senate meeting).

Then. not only did these journalistic Beclzebubs
request an essay from each candidate, but they
actually had the nerve to READ each essay
submittedl! Furthermore, and even more
despicable, these crusading sons of Charon had the
absolute audacity to JUDGE which candidates had
written the best essays, and they then had the gall
to COMPARE the accom lishments and platforms
of the candidates? How are they actually READ,
JUDGE AND COMPARE when such functions are
alien to many SUNYA students?

To make matters worse, these siblings of Satan
made a judgement without consulting those
candidates who DID NOT submit an essay, make
their views known or attend the candidates rally.
They actually endorsed candidates without knowing
ALL of the candidates! Do they think that a
student at SUNYA would do such a thing??? How

dare they stoop so low!!! SUNYA students ONLY
vote for candidates whose views they know—they
NEVER vote merely for a name! For as a little
know English author once asked, “What’s in a
name?"

Something must be done about this budding
conspiracy to create a literate electorate, and it
must be done quickly! If we hesitate too long the
conspirators might think up such manacing little
gimmicks as candidates press conferences, debates
or political parties based on issues—vile, simply viel.
If we hesitate too long elections at SUNYA might
become (perish at the thought) meaningful,
interesting and controversial!

As a successful candidate for University Senate
who refused to play the “Name Game” to get
elected and who relied upon ti." people who knew
my views well enough to put me in ofﬁce, I would
like to criticize the ASP for endorsing me because
its endorsement implied that I, too, was part of the
Conspiracy for Meaningful Student Elections and
such an implication is a dangerous political
drawback here at Harvard-on-the-Hudson.

Sincerely ,
Steve Villano

With Reference to DOD

To the Editor:

With reference to your editorial of l0-24-69 on
the DOD.

Would you also take the position that the Nobel
Prize for Peace, literature, etc, should not be
accepted because the fund is “tainted.”

Do you also advocate‘ afboycott of the Airline
Industry as a product df~ ,x and a means of
subsidizing the military-Industrial Complex.

The difference between Research and
development on one hand, and production and
deployment are quite real and should be clearly

recognized. ,
Sincerely,

Olaf Hausgaard
PhD Student in Economics

STAFF

The Albany Student Pro- ls published two thus a
week by the Student Auoelation of the State University
at New Vorlt at Alanny. ASP editorial office ll
locotld ln room 334 of the Campus Cutter. Thh
«swap-p" is funded by S. A. tax. The ASP was founded
by tie. at- of 1918. The ASP plum. an 461-2100,

 

21“! Editors-in-Chief
Jill Punih & Ira Wolfman
News Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Kathy Hueeman
Anita Thayer
Arte Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Duve Fink

Assistant Sports Editor . , . . . . . . . .Marh Grand

Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pat O'Hern

Assistant Technical Editors . , . . . . Tom Clingan

Linda Stauak
Photography Editor . . . . . . . . . Andy Hochberg
Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . '. Chuck Ribah
Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . . Daniel Foxman
Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . Barry Kirschner

The Editorlll Polloy ol the Albany Student Pro- la
rhtormlnod by the EditoMnChlol.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

2.‘

COMING TOGETHER...Sit on the floor...rap...think...Interact...All

of a sudden we’re a group... W

W

Mystical mingling

Something about sitting on the floor brings out the human in
people. Something about napping with total strangers brings out the
uniqueness of "me." Something about Interact might bring about a
better University.

Sit on the floor, talk over problems, talk about you. What’s wrong
with people around here? All ofa sudden, we’re agroup. What can we
do? Interact.

Big problem is communication. Kids don’t talk. No place to meet
people. Nothing to do. Suppose you can 't rweallsI talk to your
roommate. I don ’t want to discuss the weather anymore. Interact.

I know what my friends think- what do you think? Don't ask how
are you — how do you teal inside? What makes you different from
me?

The architecture stinks. The weather doesn 't help. Rathskeller’s too
small, too noisy. I liked people sitting by the fountain.

Tell people to say hi to each ,
other. Smile, it makes you feel 
good. Smile, it ’s like an open door 5
into you. Smile, it's easy when it's 1
sunny—but when it rains? Smile 
on your brother...wow! They
smile back!

Describe yourself in one word:
happy, the arts, growing, loving,
passionate, moody, alive,
empathy, outgoing, listening,
honest... Interacting... a pleasant
accident.

by Vicki Zelda“

That the people in SUNY at
Albany share a common concern
was made most evident by
Interact. Why Interact? “Because
everyone in the University
community has
askcd-demanded-that people
listen, talk, interact, in order that
learning be vital, viable and
relevant." This was the purpose,
as stated by the formulating
committee of Interact.

Those students, faculty and
administrators that attended
lnteracl were subject to an almost '
mystical process of mingling. The
idea was to interact, first with the
group as a whole. Then each
person was to pick someone who
seemed different from himself,
and talk to him. This knowledge
of difference was to be acquired
by randomly walking about the
room.

continued on page 2

 

m “density .1 Nu ion at Albany

Student Mobilization
November 13 -14 moratorium

byHovudScliombug

Student Mobilization, at their
meeting last night attempted to
lay down their ﬁnal schedule of
events to be undertaken during
the upcoming Moratorium on
Nov. 13-15.

Don Carrier, of the SUNYA
faculty, set down the tentative
schedule to the 137 persons who
slowly left LC. 6 as the
meeting dawdled on.

Among the events tentatively
scheduled to occur in the area are:
a rally Wednesday on the Capital
steps to be followed up on
Saturday with a vigil, a send-off
rally Friday night for the busses
leaving for Washington, a ﬁlm to
be shown Wednesday dealing with
the Richmond oil strike, and
performance of a modern version
of ANTIGONE at Albany High on
Friday and Saturday nights

As unfaithfuls ﬂied out a show
of the remaining hands passed a
motion to sponsor some kind of
classroom “disruption” on
Thursday and Friday here. After
drawn-out and tiresome debate it
was decided that this “disruption”
would be to have a group of
volunteers roam from classroom
to classroom in an attempt to
spark discussion on the war. It
was agreed however that this
would only be done where the
students showed an interest in
such a discussion and the teacher
sanctioned it. This is scheduled to
commence on Thursday morning
at 8:30 a.m., originating in the
Campus Center.

Also on campus there will be a
performance of the play
‘Madwoman of Chaillot" on
Thursday in the Performing Arts
Center. In the Campus Center
there will be postcards and letters
available to ali those interested in

writing to their Congressmen. I

 

Neume
plans

' ' ' t t b a picture of how. Vietnam
and/or President NIXOII in pro es cgnd be if the war en ed.

Of'l‘lhiwn‘ibst unusual but perhaps "fortunately “mg were "'ﬁ’

‘ w o
the most effective idea was to set 3% fixedlgndastggfe 11:50" the
up three scenes, side by side of reafgpmblem that is, to get
life in Vietnam: past, present and Nixon.s sup 658d supporters, me
future accompanied by narration, majority of? the People at the
this “mum Show life .in Vietnam United States to voice their
before the war’ as it is today” 3 opinions afbout the war. {Tittle in
scene of destroyed houses and the way 0 commum y ac 101'! was
villages and dead bodies. followed proposed.

 

The following is the schedule of events for the Moratorium, under
the sponsorship of the Student Mobilizatlon Committee:

TIME ,LACE EVENT
9 AM to 4 PM cc 333 Letter writing,statlonltv provided
9AM to 4 PM podium Tour of Viet Nam
9:45 AM to 10:50 AM Podium Black Man’s Stnlm in Viet Nam
11:00 to 11 :30 AM pac A"... 11..."; Mad Woman of Chlillot'
1:00 to 1:30 PM pm: A"... 11...”. Mad Woman of Challlot’
1:45 to 3:00 FM LC. 7 Disco-ton of the War
3: 16 to 4:00 PM Le, a ‘New World Concernl'
4:05 to 4:30 PM Podlum Funeral for the 'sam Molority'
FRIDAY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

9 AM to 12 N CC 333 Letter writing, stationery provided

Other planned activities:

AM—--I.eafletting in Albany, picketing the Court House in support of
Bobby Seale and other political prisoners, picketing Congressmen’s
houses.

PM---5 to 9 PM rally, continuous music provided by ‘Snake’; address
by Professor Goldstein of the Political Science department, 8 PM.

BUSES DEPART FROM THE ADMINISTRATION CIRCLE AT 9230.

An adaptation of Antigone by John Velie which combines modern
music, closed circuit television and a young cast of 22. Antigone will
be presented as a visual metaphor for THE MORATORIUM at 8:30
PM of Nov. l4 and 15 at the Albany High school. Tickets will be
available at the door.

  

