   
  
 
   
        
    
     
    
   
 
 

 
  

 
 
 

  

   

 

.ma A,»V~_Wv. xx.‘ ..

 

A...» .o 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

, I ; Real Relief
Illelief from tired education. may soon become  reality at this

Univeiﬁty. I V -

‘FaﬂltySenate will meet in October to decide, finally, the content
and institutidn of 1' pass-fail  We cannot believe the Pass-Fail
(or Satisfactory-Unsatisfactory).will contribute inestimsbly to the
better leaning conditions. _

With the current system it is easier to get hung on “getting the
Fade" than it is to acquire knowledge. The emphasis now being on
the grade, it is not difﬁth to disregard personal intellectual
development in'fivor of studying only those things deemed important

by the professor, retaining this "objective" material just long enough
. to pass his tests.

Perhaps within lack of constraints on the classroom experience,
imaginative professors will judge the success of a student on a more
individual basis, considering his personal potential and relate this to
the student’s performance in class. ' .

With-a lack of competitiveA-E grading, it is also possible for the
student to relax and create his own learning environment, rather than
be constrained by artiﬁcial pressures (real or imagined).

Students, we would guess, will be more inclined to pay greater
attention to courses outside their major ﬁelds since they would not
have to sacriﬁce their major grade by doing outside Work.

We must agree with those who suggest the S-U is more open to
subjectivity. It is time human differences, subjective differences were
considered and respected by the very institution that professes to
educate individuals and not jellied conglomerates.

Although we prefer a system entirely without professorial
evaluation, we feel that P-F will bring us closer to the goal of
education for wisdom and satisfying living.

Mobilization

The war in Vietnam has extracted a heavy toll from the American
people, a toll which cannot be measured in lives alone.

As far as can be determined, the Nixon Administration has failed to
move any closer to a real peace in the past year. It appears that the
war will continue as long as Nixon is able to stall for time with the
promise that he is only looking for an “honorable peace."

In order to move decisively towards ending this conflict, the public
must be mobilized into a uniﬁed display of the desire to end the war.
An effective demonstration may move the administration to put an'
end to the senseless killing in a war which, since it has begun to END,
has cost over 10,000 American lives.

Towards these ends, we support—and urge all groups and
individuals on campus to do likewise— the call for a moratorium on
October 15. We also support—and, again, urge all to do likewise—the
call for a strike on November 14, and a March on Washington on
November 15.

President Nixon has assured us he could, would, and now, will, end
the war. We have heard too much about ending the war since the days
of the “peace Talks."

We wish to attempt now to “begin the peace."

Communications .

  

 

 
 
 

  

 

  

 

 

Communications

All communications must be adan to the

editor and must be signed. Communication on

subject to editing.
Legal Re orm

To the Editors,

I would like to acquaint you with a chaotic
conditions in the Supreme Court, Appellate
Division, Third Department and the failure to

institute corrective measures and reform.

A broad inspection of judicial process should be
initiated, a committee formed to receive, examine
and act upon citizens complaints against the judges,
prosecuting attorneys and unethical, thieving
lawyers, whose conduct borders on criminal
activities.

Many Supreme Court Judges are rude, psychotic,
political sinecurea fully cooperating with
manipulating Diatraict Attorneys with selected
juries of political ward-healers.

It is an established fact that 68% of lawyers in
Third Department could not pass a state
examination. Moat lawyers representing the public,
or clients, or those that have been assigned to them
in police court, appear as, if ever want to law
school.

It is very hard to escape the conclusion that a
double standard is employed by the Appellate
Division, Third Department, to protect obviously
guilty lawyers and label and smear those who dare
to seek justice or dare to demand their money back
from the thieving members of the bar.

Shocking, unbelievable hurdles face a
complainant against the lawyer, who is forced to
follow a labyrinthine judicial procedure justice or
return of their stolen money.

Our professional politicians ﬁll the air with
slogans of ‘Law and Order' but they do not start at
the top of our judicial system. Thefts by lawyers are

NO Sex Before Marriage ll!

[‘0 the Editors,

Please do not treat this letter lightly as we, the
writers, most certainly DO NOT.

I am confident, that both you and I fully
realize what this present 'jet age,‘ hascontributed to
the moral decay of increasing numbers of our
youth, i.e.: movies, television, music and fashions,

gs.

indications all point to a very possible, 20th
Century, ‘SODOM AND GOMORRAH.’

WE MUST NEVER PERMIT THIS TO
HAPPEN. ....NEVER......NEVER!

What can be done”???

To us, just everyday working people, here in
Corning, NY, there is only one answer.....FlGHT
.....FIGHT, and keep FIGHTING, until this evil is
destroyed.

From the beginning, we have advocated sex
education in the schools, a ,we feel, 'tell it like it is,’
so that when iconfrontadl-with various situations,
one knows how to react.

In our small way, we have decided to do the
following, (which i am sure will he laughed at, and
ridiculed by many.) However, we are dedicated and
determined, and perhaps, being God-fearing people
that you are, as are we, you will lbelp us.

As an incentive to our youth, as something to
be proud of. and look up to, we have founded a ‘NO
SEX BEFORE MARRIAGE" club, and furnishing
for the small sum of 83.00. a lovely certiﬁcate, ii by

II and suitable for framing, snowmg membership in
this club, with his or her name, or the name of a
group, organization etc., inscribed thereon, in
addition to buttons and wallet size cards. THIS IS
AN EXCLUSIVE COLLEGE ORGANIZATION’

We are parents ourselves, and we regret the
charge of $3.00, yet this is necessary to cover the
costs of printing and handling, and helps to partially
ﬁnance our planned college lecture tours of our
President and Vice President.

We desire nothing for ourselves, save the
realization that perhaps our smalloffectorwill, in
some way, help guide our youth on the only true
path to happiness and salvation ...... ..the path of
righteousness.

Our President has appeared on television in
order to further our goal, and already, at this time,
we can boast numerous members, both male and
female, from many colleges throughout the country.

As I stated above, those certificates, we think
are very lovely, and in addition to greatly aiding
youth, you might, as a special project, order them in
volume, and distribute them for wherever amount
you would decide upon, giving the proceeds to your
favorite charity.

Please let us hear from you. (You may send
cash or money order.)

'Yours for a Stronger Youth,’
NSBM Club

c/o 336% Park Ave,
Corning, NY 14830

at an all time high, the situation is critical, if not
desperate, but the elected officials, 90% of them
lawyers, will protect the members of the most
prostituted profession.

A committee of citizens should be formed to
consider complaints against the public officials,
judges, district attorneys and lawyers. It should not
be totally or partially controlled by any branch of
the government or judiciary.

Such a committee should be composed of
laymen, whose prime purpose is to restore and
render justice to indignant citizens without resorting
to strict legalism forced upon the public by the
selfperpetuating legislative, judicial and prosecuting
hierarchy.

.It is paramount that good relations be established
between the public and the judiciary, especially
judges. The committee should permit the
complainants to have their day in court and provide
protection against judges, which on many occasions
are even shunned by the lawyers themselves, by
having the litigants suits transferred or postponed to
other Supreme Court judges. _

All Armed Services have an enlisted man sitting at
all court martinis, but our musty, heirsrchiai
Supreme Court, Appellate Divisions are inner
sanctum, barred to the complainant, who may not
face the lawyer he is accusing, because only thus can
the conniving and thieving lawyers be absolved of
wrong doing.

The state should assume responsibility for losses
of those litigants who are victims of erroneous
decisions by judges in surrogate and other courts, if
the committee votes the remedial award to the
complainant.

Respectfully yours,
Joseph A. Lukes
Green Lake Road
Coxsackio, N.Y.

21,3 STAFF

 

 

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
\State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 467-2l90.2194.
Editors-In‘Ciii’cf
Jill Paznik & Ira Wolfman

inn Albany Student Press assume. no
,respomlbillty for opinions exprpssed in its
column and cornmunlcatibns as such expression:
‘_do not necessarily reflect its VlQVI:

 

News Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . Kathy Housman-

Associate News Editor . . . . . . . . Anita Thayer

Arts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Daue Fink

Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . Pat O'Hern

Photography Editor . . . . . . . . Andyﬂochba -.

Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Ribak

Advertising Manager ‘ . . . . . . . .DanielFoxman

 

 

 

.  - \IMW‘L I. . .

 

 

 

Vol. N! no. 2

ASP

 

DR. ALLEN A.KUUSISTO, acting president of the University, is
still busy learning the complexities of his new job.

--vcunlor

ALBANY STUDENT

Press

of S-U grading
questioned by Faculty Senate

Feasibility

by Diane McNamara

The Faculty Senate of the
University convened for its
September meeting yi-stcrdny and
received reports from its various
councils and committees.

At the June 2, 1969 meeting of
the Senate a system of mixed
grading was approved. Three days
later it was ihchd to reconsider
this resolution. The matter was
i'ccommilied lo the
Undergraduate Academic Council,
which was asked “to have a report
ready and availabil- to members of
tho Sonata by ten days prior lo"
the first meeting of the full. This
report, presented by Dr. Aronson
of the Chemistry Department, was
the main point of question and
comment of. yesterday's meeting.

In a lengthy report consisting

Kuusisto: faculty, students, admin.
co-equal for fuller cooperation

by Judy Novicky

‘The University should be u
cooperative community wherein
the administration, faculty, and
students are co-cquul partners
shoring fully in its operation,
working together to keep it
moving forward.‘

Dr. Allan A. Kuusisto,
currently acting president of the
University until July 1, 1970
expressus an urgent desire to
achieve close communications
between faculty and students.

He believes that an open
University with a free exchange of
ideas can prevent many of the
problems which are presently
arising on other college cunipuses
across the nation. In an effort to
insure this close contact, Kuusislo
continues to hold informal
comforencvs with students on
Monday afternoons.

In addition to this, he lnid
i-slnblishcd an office in the

Administration uilding for

WHO’S WHO

l'hc annual elections for
‘Who‘s Who' will be held on
Wednesday and Thursday
October Isl and 2nd. All
students with the exception of
first semester freshmen and
transfers may vote, Voting will
take place iii the main lounge of
the Campus Center (luring the
hours of IO il.lll. to 5 p.|ll. and
(l pm. to 9 pm. Wednesday
and l0 ll.lli.l() 5 pm. Thursday.

Students must present their
l'l)‘ mid validation card when
they vote.
Applications will be available ill
the Campus Center Information
Desk starting Sept. 26 for LAAC
and Central Council Alumni
Guild and Faculty Senate.
Deadline is Oct. |0th at 5 pm. at
the SA Office CC 346

 

William Snymour who will serve as
a direct Contact between students
and the prosident.Scymour will be
available to hear any grievances
and confront any problems which
students may encounter. Kuusisto
assures that 'any issues which may
arise will be given full
consideration.’

He does not anticipate any
major campus disturbances here,
however he does not consider
Albany students apathetic. He
feels that most students now have
on adequate voice in governing the
University and that most issues
which iirisc can be resolved by
way of the proper channels.

The president is also optomisiio
about the newly -instilui-d
programs of Ibo University. l'll‘
considers our Afro-American

department to be one of llll‘ i'iiii-sl

ranking il equal to that (if

l'lil I'vnrd.

  

Commenting on the October
15th Vietnam War Moratorium,
Kuusisto said that he will
discourage professors from
scheduling exams on that date. He
also suggested that professors be
sympathetic toward students who
do not attend class.

Dr. Kuusistn has been Vice
President for Academic Affairs for
the past your zit Albany and will
return to this post in June when
Dr. Bonezct becomes president of
the University.

of Background, Clarification,
Rationale and Concluding
remarks, the committee made the
following proposal:

Resolved that:

A. Beginning in the fall 1969
term, all grades for freshmen
students shall be submitted to the
Registrar as satisfactory or
no-crcdit. Satisfactory work is
that quality of academic
performance which the institution
t'xpecis from its students in order
to earn an undergraduate degree.
The mark of no-cri'dil mcnnsthnt
:i sludt‘nt has not provided the
instructor with evidence that
Would justify the grade of
satisfactory.

B. Beginning in the full term
1970, such grading Shilll be used
for all freshmen and sophomores.

C. The new grading system sbiill
be under continuing observation
and review by the Academic
Standing Committee of the
Undergraduate Academic Council,
which Shiill interpret the system,
report on its operation, and
recommend changed as
appropriate.

D. The system shall be in effect
until June, 1973.

The meetElng was then opened
for questions.

A number of senators
questioned the feasibility of this
marking system in classes where
freshmen and sophomores were
mixed in with upperclussmen.
Many were concerned with the
task of dividing upper and lower
classmcn for the purposes of
marking.

Dr. Aronson pointed out that
there was not really a necessity

Tri-city or groups

for October war moratonum

A one-day “moratorium oi
businos' us usual“ October 15 and
n mussch protest march on
Wucliington, D.C. in November to
‘liriug llil‘ Troops Home Now
were the topics of a meeting last
Fridnv :Ii SIWV of representatives

of various Tri« Cily pence groups.

The goup sol up n multi-l‘ronl
organization culled the Tri-Clties
Mobilization Committee against
the war in Vietnam which will
facilitatil the coordination of the
local ‘fnll offensiVe' of protest

 
 

CONSTRUCTION 0N INDIAN QUAD proceeds slow y. Current pliuis for the completion of some of the

 

 

 

stagnant
University

 

 

 

September 30. i969

for such a division.
Underclassmen, he stated, could
be graded in the same way as
upperclassmen, and then have the
distinction of pass or fail applied
in their grade.

This brought on the question of
the traditional "D" grade and
where it fit in this new scheme.
The proposal gives a definition of
satisfactory (or pass) as that
quality of work which satisfies the
earning of a degree (see above).

The University Bulletin states
that major or in the discipline of a
singlesubjccl second field...‘ So it
was concluded that a grade of 5
could constitute a traditional
grade of ‘A,’ ‘B,’ or ‘C,' but
subjectivity on the part of the
instructor as to the ‘ctu off‘ point
would be permitted.

There was also a question of
whether other universities would
accept grades of S or N from
students applying for transfer or
for graduate school. The argument
seemed to come out to a draw as
senators on each side of the issue
accused the other of having no
proof that schools would or
would not accept the grades.

One senator brought up the
issue of academic freedom. Is it
not the professor's right, he
questioned, to mark students in
his course as he sees fit?

At this point the meeting took
on the form of a debate with
faculty members giving opinions
and statements regarding the
merit of the proposed system. The
question of academic freedom,
and other questions were never
really answered, but rather put
forth more us rhetorical questions.

continued to page 3
O .

mobilize

Activities.

Principal speaker at the
organizational meeting was
Cornell Professor Douglas David,
one of the six national
co-clinirmcn of the New
Mobilization Committee to End
the War. The 'Now Mobc' View)
itself as ii coalition, representing
the majority anti-war viuwpoint of
llll' American pt'oplt‘. The
Novunibvr prolusl in Washington
is being organized by this
organization.

The ollicr major protest, the
Vietnam moratorium is
bvingorgninizcd by the Vietnam
Moratorium Committee, ii broad
bude group initiated by former
McCarthy and Kennedy forces.
Students, faculty, and concerned
citizens are urged to devote the
whole (lin to taking the issue of
pciico in Vietnam to the larger
community.

High school and college
students will boycott classes and
participate in rallies, teach-ins,
public rr‘udlngs of the names of
the war dead, and doorbell ringing
campaigns to gather support for
the moratorium.

The Cupntul Ari-u Pence CEntcr,
7'27 Madison uvc., is coordinating

POIEK‘OWW" urea activities.

 

   

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

