  
    

  

 
  

  

 

i
i
i
t
i

.5

"who: 2'...»

.—-—n - <- n. *txmﬁgx

 

"— ‘ "Manner of

 

. . lectlons-
'It has become Obvious the manner of election of the Central
“Council president is not a'matter which is to be easily—resolved.

The proponents of direct "election have made their case clear;
students should elect the man who will represent them as ofﬁcial head
of the'Student Association. We can ﬁnd no fault with this—the S. A.
president a representative of all students and should, therefore, be
elcted by the students. »

By the same token, the job of executive and chairman of Central

  

Council requires a man who is well acquainted with' the inner‘

workings of Council. He must be capable of running a meeting, and
must be aware of the immense responsibilities of the ofﬁce of
president. , h

For this reason, we feel that the Presidency should be thrown open
to the students on campus with one stipulation: Each candidate must
have previously been a member of Council for at least one year. In

this way, we can be assured that the candidate will have a working.

knowledge of Council’s duties.

This stipulation may prevent some emminently qualiﬁed men from
running, however. For this reason, we hope that Council would
enpower itself with the right to waive the requirement (by Council
vote) in extraordinary circumstances.

In this way, students would elect their president, yet the guarantee
would be built in that the president will be experienced.

We hope the newly elected Council will see ﬁt to act upon the new
Constitution and change the provision in it for direct election to this
proposal---or at least send the proposals to a referendum. We urge
newly elected ofﬁcers to support some method of popular election;
we feel ours is the best for all concerned.

Taxing Thought

Tax is now mandatory; the students who cared enough to vote
favired that decision, although by a razor thin margin. Although we
were not in favor of the imposition of this tax, we are hopeful that
the new impetus that the added revenue brings will translate into
better programs and activities for all. It is every students money now
that is being handled by Student Assosciation; we demand that it is
handled cautiously and usefully.

Russian Students

There is a department on this campus to which students have been
consistent and conscientious contributors (contrary to popular belief).

In the Russian department, students have initiated schedule changes
and a course addition which greatly beneﬁts the majority of majors.

These changes were not made smoothly; resistance by the
department chairman was based on the theme that the proposed
changes came too late for them to become effective for the fall.
Because students felt the changes were necessary, they perservcred in
initiating the changes by re-afﬁrming departmental faculty support
and bringing their justiﬁed suggestions to the College of Arts and
Sciences whose support was a great aid in attaining the students‘ ends.

Majors in Russian intend now to proceed with faculty, to help
organize the (as yet) incomplete Russian department. We commend
the intention of students to be active participants in establishing
participation in departmental procedures in full cooperation with the
faculty.

We feel this example, at this time, best illustrates the framework
and diligence with which students must work in order to have justiﬁed
changes realized.

The Russian Department should be closely watched as an example
to the university community of how student involvement pays
dividends towards student power.

 

 

  
 

 
   

  

  
        
     
       
     

 
 

 

Communications

 

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications on

subject to editing.

True Representation?

To the Editors:

This past Sunday night at about 12:00, the
Central Council of the Student Association, in
accordance with the old S.A. Constitution, elected
the Student Association a president, and Central
Council a chairman.

The persons and the positions are one in the
same, although this may tend to be disputed. The
fact is that only two-thirds of Central Council, a
body consisting of only fifteen elected and tweIVe
appointed students and ﬁve appointed faculty,
determined the president of Student Association,
who shall be called on many times, in the next year,
to represent the student body of the State
UniVersity of New York at Albany.

Does the chairman of Central Council(more
broadly interpreted as also being the President of
Student Association), really have the right to
represent anyone other than that “autonymous”
body which elected him?You'll haVe a hard time
convincing many students that he does.

I don't believe, that the president of Central
Council can ever truly be the president of the
Student Association, and therefore truly represent
the student body, in any manner, until he is directly
elected in a popular election. Therefore, until
Student Association can popularly elect itself a
president, who, also, presides over Central Council
meetings, we should cut out the farce that the
President of Central Council can speak in the mm!
of anything else other than Central Council and
least of all the forgotten student body.

Ken Stokem
Chairman of the, 1968-69, Central Council
constitutional Revisions Comn'ttee.

Sailor

To the Editors:

In anSWer to Ronald Simmons’ complaint about
my favorite dog, Sailor, I would like to say this. Life
is not easy for a homely old dog who must beg for
bread and cannot talk. There is gread sadness in the
poor creature's eyes if anyone would stop to look.

And as for his haunting the various eating places
on campus, I would rather have him at my table
than some people I know. It is also foolish to
assume that Sailor will bite someone; he’s as gentle
as a lamb. All he asks for is a little kindness.

And shitting in the middle of the kitchen floor is
hardly what he does. He might take a nap there, but
he doesn't shit!

Yours truly,

Barbara Handel

‘Tepee Tower?’

To the Editors:

As Indian Quad slowly rises in the sunset, one
wonders whether or not any names for the dorms
have been established. As our contribution to the
University, we have deliberated for many hours and
would like to suggest, as a start, that the tower be
named "Tepee Tower."

Best Wishes,

Eastman Tower

Suite 1302

Communications continued from page 8.

 

 

 

...only one more issue of the ASP

 

 

DiMarino on Popular Elections

To the Editors:

 

I would like the opportunity to explain my
position on popular elections.

As stated in the preamble of the Student
Association Constitution, both present and new
proposal, “the intent of the form of government
herein established is to create a coordinating body
which shall delegate to subsidiary bodies, herein
enumerated, the authority for establishing policies
and procedures in their stated areas of concern."
Therefore, since Central Council has been given the
executive and legislative powers over S.A., Central
Council is a coordinating body or u
super-commission.

Like any commission, Central Council should
have the right. to choose its own chairman and
vicevchah'man. The listed duties and powors of the
Central Council President, in both the present and
proposed constitutions, are to preside over all
Central Council meetings, to be responsible for
carryingout all action taken by the Council, to call
special meetings of Central Council, and to appoint
the chairman of Central Council committees, No
where is the Chairman given the right to present the
opinion of S.A. This may only be done after
appropriate steps have been taken to secure the
opinion of Student Association, such as by having
an opinion poll.

The Chairman of Central Council has to hlvc a

good working knowledge of SA, has to be a good
administrator, and has to have the support. of
Central Council members to work with him in order
to have a successful year..l am NOT against all
popular election (It would seem ironic for someone
to even think that I could ever make such a
statement since I have won five popular elections in
the last two years), but I do feel that. a majority of
the students do not have enough knowledge about
SA to be in a position to judge wisely as to who has
the best working knowledge of S.A., who is the best
administrator, and most of all who the Council is
most willing to work with. Perhaps it is a fault of
election procedures here at. State, but most popular
elections are nothing more than popularity
contests—4f you so or hear a person’s name enough
times you’re going to vote for him if you know he's
qualified or not.

1 am not saying that this University can never
elect its own president who could be considered
president of the Student Body, but before this can
be done there must be a great change in the purpose
of Central Council from a coordinating body to a
policy Initiating form of government, and there
must be a great change in election procedures.

Thank You,
Ralph DiMarino

STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State Unlversity of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 457-2190,2194.
Editori-ln-Chie/
Jill R. Poznik & Ira J. Wolfrnan

’I‘im Keeley
Kathy Huaerrian

News Editor
Associate News Editor

Arts Editor Carol Schour
Sports Editor Jim Winslow
Feature Editor Gary Gelt

Pat O'Hern. Bill Shapsc
lid I’olskmuski

Philip lv‘runchini
Daniel Fox/nan

Technical Editor's
Photography Editor
Business Manager
Advertising Manager

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

 

  

_ Vel.l.V not 97

 ’l

 

photo by Greg Bell
SDS convention

Assembly

annual regional meeting.

by Tom Carey

President Collins, at. his press conference yesterday, joined many other New York educators in criticizing
the Senate approval of the Flynn Bill to ban state financial aid to students convicted of crimes “committed

on the premises of any college."

He said he could not think of any points with which he does not disagree.

Not only is it “penalty legislation," but it is "discriminatory" in that it hits the disadvantaged.

It is “illogical” because scholarships are “awarded on the basis of ability, not behavior.“

Collins stressed the opinion that such a measure is an intrusion of the university rights. Student
discipline, he feels, is a university community’s problem and should be handled by that.

Collins added that he does not believe that the bill will become law.

James Allen, State Education Commissioner, and soon to become President Nixon‘.S\ Commissioner of
Education, believes that the scholarships awarded to students on the basis of academic merit. and financial

need should not be “used as a disciplinary measure."

In response to the criticism, the supporters of the bill argue that the measure is “a modest attempt to
deal with a growing problem" that has resulted from the failure of the Regents to carry out their

responsibilites; therefore, the supporters feel, the Legislature must
take action to insure that these “neglected duties" will be carried out.

Assemblyman Henderson, R—Steuben County and a supporter of
the bill, feels that part of the blame for the campus unrest should be
directed “at some of the knuckleheads" who are running the State’s

educational institutions.
Governor Rockefeller no longer has a majority of Democrats in

either the Senate or the Assembly to oppose the Flynn Bill.

He cannot rely on a Democratic Assembly to defeat the bill as he
did during the 1968 session.

This session the burden will be placed directly upon the Governor.

(It is expected that the bill will get through the
Republican-dominated Assembly.)

The Governor has many aspects to weigh in considering the bill.

He has to consider the votes that he will need to be re-elected in
1970; the increase in taxes and the cutbacks in spending are not the
most popular actions recently taken by the Governor.

By signing the measure, perhaps, he could increase his strength
among the more conservative voters who want something done about
the unrest on campuses.

At. the same time, Rockefeller must also consider the impact that
signing such a bill would have on his voting strength among the
liberals.

Can he afford to forch the eduuntors, the students and the other
liberals who worked so hnrd in his losing battle for the Republican
Presidential Nomination? .

Will Rockefeller play the game of party politics as some critics have
hint-ed, and sign a bill that opponents contend:

l, discriminates uguinsl the poor, for the rich could continue their
education without the state aid;

2. punishes a person it second time for a crime that he has already
paid for;

3. changes the State Regents Scholarship Program from an
academic merit and financial need program to a disciplinary program
in regard to illegal protesting;

ti. infringes upon the traditional academic freedom of our
educational institutions; and

5. infringes upon the freedom of speech and assembly that are
guaranteed in the State and Federal constitutions?

The only one who can answer these questions is the Govornor
himself.

It is expected that. the bill will be passed by the
Republican-dominated Assembly sometime this week or next and sent
on to Rockefeller for his consideration.

VHting numbers of SDS discuued current trends at
past weekend. More than 300 SDSers invaded the campus for their

to take action
this week on grant ban

 

‘/

  

, PRESS

STAT! IIIIVIISIIY OF NEW You." “HIV

by Gary Brown

The SDS Conference this
weekend brought. a large number
of active people onto the campus.
In half a day on Friday the “back
of the snack bar ‘freak crcw‘ "
multiplied 10 to 20 times.

Students and people from all
over the state and other states
attended the conference from
Friday to Sunday.

The Niagara Region SDS
Conference was sponsored by the
SUNY at‘Albany SDS chapter and
the Albany District of the Niagara
Region.

The multi-faccted conference
performed several functions. It
took care of SDS Regional
Business, and acted upon several
proposals.

It served as a catalyst for
discussion and education through
34 different scheduled workshops
and showed Newsreel Films of the
Chicago Convention,‘ the
Columbia Revolt and others. The
conference followed a tight
schedule from noon Friday to
3:00 pm Sunday.

The Friday night assembly was
introduced by the Pagent Players.
The Players are from New York
City where they live, hold
workshops, and street theatre
when its warm enough. Contact
with them was irrevocable and
impulsive and imaginatively
attracted minds and hearts.

There was a panel discussion of
members titled: “women,”
"campus," “research,” and
“labor” at 7:30 and then people
found their way to apartments
that were putting them up.

On Saturday there were three
two hour sessions of workshops.
Some of the sessions were:
Campus Organizing, Radicals as
Teachers, Research-Campus

   

s workshop thh"

Collins says Senate

invades university’s

bléfialeRMCAuls‘e' President Collins expressed his
0” 0110"" opinion of the bill recently passed
President Collins talked by the State Senate which denies

briefly on ,, number of State aid to University students
i m p o I. t u ,1; topics M his who are convicted of breaking the
Conference with Students law 0“ “"iW'mY Property.

enema}. Collins stated that the bill is

   

 

  

 

The Young Republicans
entertained prominent sres
politicians Thursday evening.

Republicans

 

Tucsdayfebruargvis.   I 1
SDS conference  
' unites membership 

 

472-3100}

 

 

 

11'
at

Military Prpjects, Economics of
Imperialism and Introduction to
Woman‘s Liberation.

Direction of SDS, Analysis of 7”

the American University, Toward
Radical Adult Politics, Vietnam,
City-Wide Organizing, Biafrs,
Latin America and U.S.
Imperialism, were among other
topics covered.

Several workshops discussed
proposals which would be acted
upon by the conference plenary
sessions. These included a
socialism proposal, militarism
proposal, womans proposal and a
proposal for SDS “graduation”!

The SDS “graduation” proposal
means that SDS would branch out
from strictly campus oriented

‘lactivity and begin long-term

efforts to “bring about political
corﬂs‘ciousnesslin non-student
constituencies."

In other words, students and
graduates should. “graduate” to
the “politicalconrlciousnessot the
'real’ world." '

This would necessitate research
into community power structures,
contacting local people, and
involving them in the "project."

"City-Wide Organizing and
White Working Class Organizing"
discussed the necessity of
extending political consciousness
to White workers and effectively
countering the particular power
structures of different cities.

Saturday night the Pagent
Players performed at the Golden
Eye.

Sunday there were more
workshops and a further plenary
session

It was announced that there
will be a local SDS meeting on
Tuesday to discuss Dow
Chemical's imminent arrival on
this campus.

bill
rights

“an invasion of the university’s
rights" and gave several definite
reasons for being against the
legislation.

Primarily, Collins feels that the
legislature is going about
correcting the problem in the
wrongway, and that the discipline
of the students should be handled
by the University.

Collins also feels that the bill
discriminates against a certain
group of students more than other
groups.

Nevertheless Collins feels “the
very badly drawn bill" will
probably never become law.

Also discussed was the fact that
coming in the first week of March,
is a student opinion poll
concerning whether firms, such as
Dow Chemical, should be allowed
to come on campus to recruit
future employees from the
student body.

On this matter Collins feels that
this is a service made available to
the student for his benefit and not
for the benefit of the firms
inVOlved.

He stated that the policy,
whether it be changed or not, will
be guided by the results of the
student poll.

The faculty will also express
their sentiment on the issue.

(

   
   

 

 

