   

Photographs carry
powerful message

I P" ‘ I ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

   
 

TUESDAY. Mon!“ 7. I969 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Pass-Fail:further elaboration
on the proposal before Senate

than fine art.

The exhibit, consisting of the
works of five men, Robert Capa,
David Seymour, Werner Bischof,
Dan Weiner and Leonard Freed, is
sponsored by the Fund for
Concerned Photography. The
object of the Fund is to preserve
and create a visual document of
today by assisting, exhibiting and
publishing the work of artists
concerned with photography.

Robert Capa documents the

( by Steve LObel conditions. Although not as
' ‘ T h e C D n C e r n 9 d P°werrul “5 the Other rm" me"! ' m a 2 the midterm examination 30 Com etitiveness and grades may
 " Photographers" "0W 0" “hibiidn w?"‘.°"s work. Warrants ":5 place commue‘l fro p 8e percent, and so on.‘ . . It is a not lie the best reasons for work
(I the art gallery, is 3“ impreﬁswe “mm” the e’fh'b't' , Iv' RATIONALE method (that) offers a measure of but they stimulate it, are and
(l , collection of photo-ioumﬂllsfn- Werner, B‘scmr dealt “’"h “"3 , , , safety against the discovery of incentive. Many believe that
( i if For those who are unfamiliar Wlth relét'onsmps between. peoPle and The dlscumo" u)“ mum" ’5 ignorance. . .It also lends itself to without grades as pressure or as
,(  the term], photojournalism their enVirplnments in Hdifferent intended to explain and support cheating. ﬁnallyl it generates in reward most students would
(1  emphﬂSizeS PhOtOEmPhY as 3 parts ,Of t e w°rld' 9 made the “09°53!” by cons'dfmng the the minds of all students, good as simply do enough to get by.
', ,I medium 0f documentation Hither effecnve use.“ the Elements 0f "‘0" Prommem QWSMOM and well as mediocre, honest as well as ‘Anyhow, students do not
 ' “Em and deS'g" “"‘l “’35 Perhaps alternai'vea- dishonest, the notion that compete for grades in any course

the most artistic of the five men.

Leonard Freed is the most
recent and only living
photographer represented in the
show. He is concerned with
photographing the present
conditions of inequality within
our society. His contribution to
the exhibit consisted of a series on
the plight of black Americans and
one on Israel's six—day war. Freed
seems to have captured a deeper

where an ‘A’ Is open to any
student who performs at a
specified level. Grades are not
rewards but acknowledgements.’
2. Why not a Pass/Fail option?
Many institutions have adopted a
limited pass/fail option, a system
where one or two courses a

knowledge as defined by the
university system of evaluation
does, in fact, consist of a large
number of small things

How accurate are our glu‘lgemenwf

1. What's the matter with grades?
2. Why not a Pass; Fail option?
3. Why no ‘H' for honors work?

1 What’s the matter with grades?
We of the committee did not feel
obligated at this point in time to
make a prima facie case for
change, but it is logical and
probably useful to state the main
lines of argument as these have

Grades are assessed by the
professor who has taught the
course. If he has taught badly, he
hesitates to advertise the fact by
giving a lot of low grades. His

  

In principle it encourages a
student to try his curiosity and

 

, i V , . . I - . . . .
THE BUTTERFIELD BLUES BANDS (left) superlative performance rnaay nigh! overcame the DD” invasion landing and me feeling for his subjects than the appeared in the several reports grades of B then actually applies Interest in a difficult course
ineptitude displayed by the ColwelI-Winﬁeld Blues Band (right) . ’ suffering and anguish of me other men. and elsewhere_ including national to a student whose command of without undue penalty, usually in
mbenmmm victims of World War II in a The major criticism I have is in publications. the bony pf knowledge involved is “n . elecuve coilrse ouwide the
moving plea against war. David the poor technical quality of only “I” "or gOOd' lam sure mam" In pracnce' nude?“ lend
to elect easy courses, which they

there exist, on the other hand,
teachers so fine that a semester
spent with them is worth three

From the Report of the Task

many of the photographs. I was 1-:
 Force on Instruction (p. 12):

often distracted by large white

Seymour, also known as “Chim,”

is another anti-war photographer. can neglect in order to do hard

work on the graded ones. Grade

Butterfield “best concert”;

. . ' ' dust s , _
acouStlcs mar ertorm ances $21213 pdfitdedsliiiitgiilktbibli: prams.pﬁwaiiiaiiaiim ii iii:  E"“.'““'.°" °‘ “"43"” spent elsewhere. But even these pressures in the major field are
children of postwar Europe. Prints were blown‘up t0 the point ‘1 devempmg Skins and capllcmiis to me“ can give Im‘des “0 hen-e" intenﬁiliEd. Md .m05t 0f the

old Bunerﬁeld hm , ,, Among his more powerful shots where they became posters rather "Hate .concems to menace 15. an "m" A‘ by l“‘"- And they "my "0" benefits sought in ii Puss/lull

P 50 0 0" Gm The group Opened up with two essential part of instruction. even know who they um. and so policy are 105, under such a parlial

than photgraphs.
The overall effect of the show,

are one of a boy running after a
soccer ball though hindered by a

by Mark Braverman and . - .. . ' ‘ '
My MoJo work,“ and could" , unrecorded numbers (15 and 27?) Evaluation provldes Students With givc B's and C‘s like anyone else. . plan. (This point is developed

d ' 1 ‘ ‘ it ‘ ‘ i ‘ . _ . I '

D0" cmne" siggtilnﬁnfn laid to make *1 and then'moved into Driftin and wooden |eg‘ and a crowd group or however, is a good one, The a ,measurengent ,gf fill?” The Task Force on Academic SPGCIDCIIHY 1“ Seetlon 6' bEIOWﬂ

Friday night “Ewes Bug '69!" But “ h'ld'“ he w" Lh Dnnm H from the" "Piilboy boys with shaved heads dressed lay-out in the gallery is excellent :. “chlzveTengbank pm"  ’acuuiy Regulations noted ‘the desire We agree Wlth- the. Academic

featuring the Paul Buuerl‘ield ~ “ ' h ’ ds' .6 crabshnw “lbum- BUNCH-Md alike in P.O.W. jackets. and the message of the show is a ‘ w”. ee ac . “agar. ml’ e voiced in New Patterns to escape Standing Cominlttee In Its My

l Grimm“ was Wms'h we 5”“ Pla ed the b 't lv a i 4 efficacy of instruction. The . , , h , -] . ., -.

B l ues Ba n d u nd the have“.L dpcidud H. he I ~ . y ' "35 IMP, solo of the Dan Weiners photography strong one. I would recommend ' f I t. h the bookkeeping approach to rtpol‘t that t 8 Pdl'tlll sw- em is

Colwell-Winfield Blues Band, was frustrated jazz musician whli'illsid a‘ night In this song} In WhiCh he conﬂsmd muinly Of People “Vlng 599‘“ it to anyone interested in :urposzs 0 mm 1:1 mn’d owe‘ﬁ: learning-' The Present- Ilmdlng not to be recommended 0"“ the
presented m, Albxinv swim This poor jub of incorporating Showed “‘5 ﬂmﬂzms nbility to in poor and overcrowded the human condition. ave Beanie. ‘1 suite as 0 system is not completely valid as Presentsystem-

was Sign i fic’in.t bec‘iuse dissonance into his solos ) if h comm] a" undiencc's Emotion’ symbOIs .ongmﬂ 1y Intended to an indicator of student It is (llllte “Hm-h" matter [0" ‘1

Butterfield‘s pei'form'incc ‘ was 'ust kc t on m'ikinlvin “bk: 0 They runawed With “ BIOOd' mud acmevemem have man on achievement. Nurse to bt‘ Is'mdw Puss/fail (0“ S

I l h J ' p ‘ L m d H“ Sweat, and Tears song, “More and the powerof totems. Proponents Or an 3U or and U, because of ,he nature or

easily the best concert ever given The load guitarist, Iiill (.‘olwcll .. l A ‘ '
. Mnrc, which they transformed Agood example or professlunal ungmded system mg, i, on the work itself, as now in student

at this uniVersity. It showed a was casin the best member of the from , ,1. _ ,k , ' - ' " hi ' d i ' b l tie
definite improvement in the group, though hidden behind a _ d mLfoLm “3‘: .,h()ng m u Inger”)! m “lo Promem Is the grounds that n” removes the “do [Minn m i-muin er? 0 1hr
musical taste ol'llicstudcntbody. speaker and often inaudible. llis $30.“! .blueh Mmg' “m featured anlCle IExammm'm‘S and Grildef‘ student from his dehumanizcd coursehi partlcm‘my “L be

iil Wilson on drums. in College" by Ralph Rain“. Suite as an anxietyﬁdden graduate level. The Academic

 

  
  

no.1

 

  

Communications

 

semester are allowed for pass/fail. ,

  
    
 
    
   
     
   
   
  
  
    
    
 
 
  
   
     
    
    
  
    
    
      
   
    
     
   
      
      
     
    
  
   
    
   
   
    

Continued from page 8

viewpoints expressed becomepro or can that is, by
definition, partisan. Thus Central Council, having
financed one viewpoint, is now bound by its own
legislations, to finance all viewpoints.

Thus the issue becomes perfectly clear: with any
mandatory tax, from the federal income tax to the
SUNYA student activities fee, the just and equitable
use of funds can be determined only after
collection, and then become a matter of all or
nothing to everyone or no one.

If this precedent of the indiscriminate
appropriation of student tax funds is not checked,
and checked now, each student will find himself
subsidizing those views be strongly opposes as well
as those he heartily supports, with very little voice
in the matter at all unless he joins a pressure group'
the most effective pressure group. And if you can
see nothing wrong with pressure groups, take a
quick look at how your income tax is being spent,
and you'll see a fine example of budgeting and
appropriating to meet the demands of the largest
and most effective pressure groups. So many of you
have condemned that kind of “establishment” and
now you have your own.

This is the issue, not the war, and this will
continue to be the issue until the manatory student
tax is repealed. Once we have a voluntary student
tax, then and only than can such appropriations be
made without infringing upon the rights of any
student.

Kenneth T. Stringer, Jr.

. .
Oblivious
To The Editors,

I would like to clarify a misconception about my
abstention ut the Central Council meeting of
September 25.

I have always been under the impression that
abstentions are reserved for circumstances when one
is usure of what is right. I was ill at that meeting and
was therefore oblivious to much of the debate on
the censure. In fact, I was out of be meeting for
almost half of the debate. In all fairness to the
people of State Quad, to Terry, and to myself, I did
not feel qualified to vote on that issue.

Sincerely,
Judy Avner

 

It also showed how the poor infrequent breaks were nice but The I up I. d .I I", _ , . S, d- C 1, Ld n
acoustics in the gym could nearly uninspiring. The rhythm scclimi's group Ln p uyt SLVLIII , Professor of ethemutlcs f“- consumer on probation. Study ' 3“ "lg “mm‘ eef "3pm? l,“
min even me best 0, concerts. Sumdy be", Imp, hmlds bmmcinu "Nit" llnll‘Cl'rlel aunt's “It'll l? Rochester (AAUP Bulletin, becomes its own reward und increasmg number o-lre’qugsts 0::
Someone out there had better get up and down in the crowd, bill rvhpoiuigd .lu . the .chWdS { Amumn' 1967' pp‘ 309.17l' PI’OdUCES i‘ sulf'gener'ued “pp'.°v“l or pdss/fm km mg 0
off his ass and do something was repetitive and iinimaginiilivc. unlhlmluhllc imam" With “if”. Emmi Sketches the ‘Shm or mmlvauon mm is the m0“ puruculm courses.
about that. CuleI-Wiufield was .. ""“”'“§j ,“"‘°. fii‘il'r'f” attention from football ‘0 met“ effectiVe and fruitful approach to con-Hm

Opening the concert was disappointment, playing about the mmlmmml (.mnu Dl.nwmdle w'lh , t0 the numerical murks or “milk; learninls" SI‘Udents “"d {Emmy '
Colwell-Winfield, out of Boston, most boring blues we‘ve ever the yum” “nor w.hmh “icy 10“ i he “Mes What properties the become morellke CO‘W‘"kchI““d

tlic singc to a slandingovatinn. evaluativesystem ought to have (here is more mutqu respect

known for a year-old album on heard. We have to admit that (IW‘s

r

Verve (not very exciting), and an show may have suffered grczilly l, n auxin-'19., :lllpgs‘glﬁl‘.‘ 1.“ mvmw , but often does not: and be among Studems_ whose identities

obnoxious press agent (“The due to lhc poor acoustics (a b“. “l ‘r '1‘ Yam ‘nblnnwm 1 describes and UdVOCHtOS u Syﬁtum and self-regard are less tied to
. . . . ' .‘ ' ‘ . . . . _

Chambch Brothers dig Colwcll limitation Iiuttcrficld clevvrly " “‘Humlm‘ “u run “m M or me'c‘ency examlmmmSﬂSl‘hU limit” JUdgL‘mem's' 0" Pl‘rs‘m‘”

supcrlativcs. Each is among the
best in his field.

Buttcrl‘icld has once again
demonstrated his ability to track
down lalcnts and mold them into
il cohesive unit, We look forward
to his ncxt album enthusiastically,

This was easily the best concert
we've ever seen at Albany, despite
Colwcll~Winficld's lackluster and
overly long performance (though
we must admit that they wore
bctlcr than the usual performers
wc lum- hero). Bul Ilic Iiuttcrl‘icld

worth (‘I ilm il C studciit'). Course
work is more creative on both
sides of the desk, the student
more free to question received
opinion and to pursue special
projects and interests, the teacher
more free to experiment with
course content and structure and
to work out a variety of evaluative
techniques.

One may question this view as
utopian and say there are things
to be said for the present system.

sole means to 11 degree. Several
excerpts on grading may be of
interest (pp. 31243):

The real question is: what do
grades mean?

The most prevalent collegiate
grading method, carried over from
the lower schools and much
beloved of mediocre students, is
this: calculation of a grade on the
basis of many ‘miirks‘
accumulated during the semester.
. .The exercises count 20 percent

Winfield")

Colwcll-Winfield's harpist and
vocalist was about the wcukcst
member of the group. His voice
was inoffensive enough, but a‘
blues singer he wasn't. Therefore,
the group was wise in mostly
playing instrumentals. l-Iis harp,
on the other hand, was downright
revolting. He sunk to his lowest
depths when he tried to couv an

Ballgng t8

overcame with talent). but we can
never forgive them for what they
did to “The Weight."

Iiuttcrl‘ield, on the ollii-r band,
was fantastic. We were
apprehensive because of
Butlerficld's listless pcrformzinCc
in recent concerts and near lack of
piirlicipation in the group's latest
album. “In My Own Drciim.‘I
Also, four nicnibcrs, including
lciid dull bass guitars, llilVl‘ only
ri-ccully jnincd llic group. But ibc
band proved itself in bc not only

 

“THE CONCERNED PHOTOGRAPHER," now on exhibit in the
art gallery, is based on the theme of the human condition.

Happenings in the arts 2

 
 
 
  

                     
    
         
         
       

folk Vyts

Beliujus on Thursday evening at 7

"I‘Iic Marriage Circlc,‘ a comedy prominent dancer

of continental manners, will be

 

     
      

  

 

ski|lfu| “mi inhmmmm.v 1,,” “mil mm" Him,“ "‘“d” “p I” ‘my prcsculi-d this evening at 7 9.111. in p.m. in the Physical Education ' '
sur rieinr| 114“ (ml), l. In hwk'mi f’" (\l 5 pim- w" hop“ I.(3~2.‘l by the International Film Building.    
 r pi i (Hy [Li (pi-ill I “in 5 “ml “"5 C'mmm Will 5‘” ” Group (II“(‘-) Admission is free * “ * * t
 E’Igmwil‘ld 19:57:! L h‘ " rv ' "g prcccrlcnl for lbc quality of g y a a  I i P ' _ _ I P I Nd,
" Durformanccsun Ibis campus. N HU‘l Jﬂcglbal, pianist With the Textbooks euom
cw or U iiii'monic, WI ’IVe
' ' T T‘m’” Ei‘s} Ci""”“' W" a recital iii the main ihciitrc olebo Costume Jewelry 8 T'mh Stereo Tapes
   “P”"""‘" “"f' “Im' Aw?“ SM: Performing Arts (icnicr, State
Story on lbursdiiy i-vcnmg at University of New Yurk “l Typewriter Rentak

l""" “"‘d ‘0 I’M" i" ll‘“ SH”, Albany, Friday evening, October
Quad [:1ng Room. Admission 1 ,0 u, “:30 “0 will plny
33H)” “"d ill-'50 if” “'f‘l'lmls “‘ selections by Debussy, Stravinsky
MM" Q““"' U10 mm W'” “ls” l" and Riivcl. 'I'lic conccrl is one nfa
shown on Friday, Saturday and series Spunsnmd by ,1“, "mm:

      
 
   
     
  

for
your

Records

Inrluding Amara, Hat-Ii.
S Muil Mun, Sighiur-ng
liam Innilru aim iarcial
lllllﬂll

DEPARTURE DATES

Greeting Cards Cla“ Rings

Film With Film Developing At Low Prices

CASH BOOKS

   

 
  

     
     

      

“'13:” lilnl/‘fl'lt'llll—n". n 'l u sunduy “minim” (5W Fridﬂyls (:0 Cl of Ir 'vcrs‘ o
 n   ASPl' * '  Jiiikibsimii Nkl'zv' Y()l"lll‘l‘,     
21 mil" L‘s-".3 In-nr .1! * y l. l. 513in 10 years in Paris, llc is a

' ' '  " ” Tues October 7 Wed October 8            LARGEST IN CAPITAL DISTRICT

‘ (Jollcgc and previously laugh! at
ll‘illlll'mll Allie Manhattan School of Music

       
     

 
     

RDAY
CARIBBEAN AIR/CRUISts sponsor ii workshop

 

      
   

       

Announcing the Fall offerings of the
Free University of? JudaﬁcStudlieS

Four basic courses in Judaic studies are being offered to all interested students on an informal,
non-accredited basis for the Fall 1969 semester. These courses are designed to promote greater
knowledge, discussion and understanding of Jewish history, culture and philosophy. The educators
conducting the Judaic studies program intend to present their respective subjects in the context of a
dialogue between teacher and student, rather than in lecture form, This new program at SUNYA
provides opportunities for Jewish students and non-Jewish students alike to gain knowledge and inSIght
about Judaism in a relaxed, participatory atmosphere created by committed and outstanding educators.

The courses offered, beginning the week of October l3th, are as follows:

I. INTRODUCTION TO JEWISH ETHICAL THEORY-Alternating Mondays 4:30 pm. Sayles Hall
(Alumni Quad) (Between Brubacher and Waterbury) Classroom 3

Professor Martin Edelman, Professor of Political Science at SUNY, will conduct a discussion of
ethical problems, using cIaSsical Jewish commentaries. The “Ethics of the Fathers (Pirke Avot) Will
be studied. Jewish philosophical thought and concepts will be explored and discussed.

2. HISTORY OF EAST EUROPEAN JEWRY - Tues. 8:00 pm. alternating weeks in HU IIS.

Prof. Bernard Johnpoll. Professor of Political Science at SUNY, author and fonnerjouriialist, will
conduct an exploration and discussion of the Jewish communities of Fastem Europe. their culture
and their literary contributions to western civilization.

3. A MODERN INQUIRY INTO BIBLE- Wed. 8:30 weekly, Hu “6.

Mr. Howard Picker is an educator at the Hebrew Academy of Albany. He intends to create .a
dialogue between students and teacher, encompassing the origins of the Jewnh people and base
biblical concepts, in his "Modern Inquiry into Bible."

4. INTRODUCTION TO JEWESH HISTORY AND HERITAGE- Altemiuing Thurs. 6:30 Hu “5
Rabbi M. Szenes, scholar, author, faculty advisor of Hillel at Union College In Schenectady, will

lead a course in basic Jewish history, includin the rise of Jewish customs, concepts and heritage. This
course will give a probing, basic perspective 0 the evolution of Judaism.

   
   
  
  
      
    
     
       
   

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

Check courses in which you intend to participate.

1r]

    
     

Mail to Box 369 BB

er‘]

 

lﬂ

 

 

 

 

 

    
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

3,32:ijﬁg;it: ' in}; my college text used here or not .

"'"' "‘“' Complete Selection of Mona h llt SW 30L 307' 8 308 SPECIAL ORDERS TAKEN

35g;::i:-::"..:nia.':i a: [c 0 es ONS
Ir unions—E . , W  WWW f0   FOR ALL ORGANIZATI NufmAaa ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' "
I nwumnan..m-vmiom 29 I        A    Univ. ress . . . . . ..
I I
. “saunrpsla'lins sun» On culubﬂ I g  m y  [m  5 W. Phone . . . . . . . . . . . .-
:  : cm a, M m a, m nouns: Monday thiu Thursday 9 AM to a PM
. “qu I , ' I 
ﬂmunnd 7m 7500/. m TAPPAN HALL GETS ALL! "gm: “mth .m

There will be on info booth in the 0.0. Lobby weekdays 12-2

 

 

  

  

