   
  
     
    
    
   
    

   
 
      
     
  
  
    
   
 

v

i
l
v

 

  

' fine team .effort. After three

' streak at ten which stretched from
season. Fine '

age. ’i‘hb 'past may, they
handin defeated the State College
at New Palts,i,21-17, exhibiting a

previous losses. it appear-that the
team is on its my. ' _ ,
: 'i'hb win ended Albany’s losing

,the 1968-69
performanc were given by all
the wrestlers with special credit
being given «to Fran Weal and
George Hawrylchak who pinned

V their respective opponents.

Coach Mull, however, insisted
that this was a team victory, a
result of hard work and good
conditioning. He feels that the
rest of the season will be highly
successful.

This was Coach Mull's ﬁrst
varsity match as he has taken over
for Coach Joe Garcia who is on
sabbatical leave. Garcia was
presented with a plaque by senior
captain Craig Springer in
recognition of his dedication to

"‘,atthel" ',.
The former has been coach of

s the vanity wrestling team since its

inception at Albany in the winter
of 1955-56 and has compiled a
record over the thirteen and one
half years of 58-72-4. He
organized Albany's first
Quadrangular Wrestling
Tournament in 1965 which has
since become an annual
'  “ atthel" 

Mr. Garcia is also responsible
for instituting soccer as a varsity
sport at Albany. His eighteen year
record was 81-84-9.

Yearlings —

. ._ it an... apparent : that the, ‘
"varsitywr'estlln'gtssmhascomeof

  
 
 
    
  
    
  
 
  

  
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
   
   
  

  
   

 

RICH MARGISON ‘IS caught dribbling in for the last second shot

that gave the Danes an 82-8] victory over Cortland last Wednesday.

Photo by Hochberg ‘

Sports Shorts

Grant F. Langley, Jr., 27, has been named to the Physical

ran .-

staff at State for the spring semester. He will replace Joe

Garcia, who is on sabbatical leave until fall, 1969. V
Longley will coach freshman wrestling and tennis. Bill Mull, current
frosh wrestling coach, will handle the varsity wrestlers in Garcia's

absense.

Grant is a graduate of Franklin (Mass.) High School, Dean Junior
College, and Springfield College. He is presently working on his
master's degree at Springﬁeld. At Springfield, he played varsity
football and club lacrosse. In addition, he wasselected to the Junior
College All-America soccer team in 1959 and 1960.

a

. a
Next year’s Capital City Tournament (Christmas Tourney) will
' the mythical basketball championship of the Capital

district. The four teams competing will be Union, Rensselaer
Polytechnic institute, Siena College, and Albany State University.
This rare pairing will take place in the next two Tournaments (1969
and 1970) on a trial basis. it was found that inviting outside teams did
not seem to generate the competition desired. It is hoped that
traditional rivalries and possible new local rivalries will stimulate more

interest in the annual affair.

DropTwo

Games To Hartwick

The Albany Freshman
basketball team lost to Hartwick,
72-58, Wednesday night. During
intercession the freshman dropped
a 83-52 decision to Hartwick. I

Wednesday night the freshman
led at halftime, 33-30, but
Hartwick came out after halftime
and scored three quick points to
tie the game. Albany tied the
score at 39-39 but that was the
closest they came to regaining the
lead in the second half.

Freshman Coach Robert Lewis
attributed the loss to poor
ballhandling in the second half.

John . Heher, who has been
averaging 15 points a game for the
freshman team scored 11 points.
Gene Bost, the other man on the
team averaging in double figures,
scored 10. Carl Jones, playing in

his ﬁrst game, also scored 10.
The (web’s rebounding was

done mostly by Rory Hill and
Mike Bendzell. Bendzell, just back
from an injury, should add to the
frosh'a sagging rebounding.

The freshman lost their other
encounter with Hurtwick, 83-52,
John Hehcr wns the high scorer
for Albany with 24 points.

Coach Lewis attributed the
improved score to the use of a
pressure defense and better
rebounding.

Last night was the ﬁrst time
this season that the team was at
full strength.

Coach Lewis said that the team
“continues to show

improvement." They need to
improve ballhandling and
rebounding.

The EOP students who suited
up for games the ﬁrst semester,
but were not allowed to play, are
now available.

 

 

 Shogun 3.... an...
With Last-Ditch shot

'9 " 'me can Danes basketball
 squad extended its winning streak

to nine games this past Wednesday

81-80. RiCh Margison, who won a

v  against Brooklyn College

with a last second shot, duplicated
the feat as his shot bounded

.. around the rim and dropped in as

L the buzzer sounded. »

The Danes were lucky to pull
the“ game out as they allowed
Cortland to come back from a
nineteen point deficit and go
ahead with eleven seconds
remaining.

The Red Dragons from
Cortland effected their strong
comeback with a full-court press
which rattled, the Albany men
into numerous' turnovers. The
Danes also suffered when both
Scott Price and Jim Caverly
fouled out of the ballgame. In
addition, Margison was forced to
sit out about three minutes of the
second half with a sprained ankle,
and Jack Adams was forced out of
the game with an H muscle

 

Jordan added twenty points to
the cause as he/hit on a number of
short shots following offensive
rebounds. Jordan led the squad
with eleven rebounds for the
night’s work. Scott Price also hit
double figures as he hit on seven
field goal attempts. ‘

Margison has shown real scoring
power in the last five games as he
has averaged over twenty-nine
points during that stretch.

The Danes will travel to Hobart
on Saturday in quest of their

tenth straight win and eleventh of

the season. They will play in the
physical education building again
next Wednesday when they host a
tough squad from Ithaca College.

 

HOW TO SUCCEED IN
BUSINESS
Friday 6.8 pm.
Saturday 7:30.IO:3O
Sunday 730
Tower East Cinema

 

 

 

pull.

Throughout the game, Albany,
in addition to the steady scoring
of Margison and Jack Jordan,
received much needed boosts
from players coming in off the
bench.

After sitting out in the second
half because of foul trouble, Price
came in and scored eight quick
points before ﬁnally fouling out
with 1:56 remaining. Jim Sandy
also proved valuable as be tossed
in six important points.

rgison, who finished the
game with thirty-two points, hit
on 11 of 22 field goal attempts
and 10 of 22 foul shots. Jack

 

NOTICES

Bell & Howell ﬁlm “Animation
and Abstraction" Sun., Feb. 9, at
8:00 pm. in the CC Assembly
Hall. 5.50 with student tax; $1.50
without tax.

HOLIDAY SING RECORDS

ON SALE iN THE CAMPUS
C E N T E R L 0 B B Y
MONDAY—FRIDAY, FEB.
l0-l4.

12" 33-l/3 RPM $3.25

 

 

alts. Illw.co.. loom, u.v.

   
  
  
   
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

' .‘F 

   
  

 

 

'  _ ' Saute.
STUDENT‘ . n"
’ﬁ'pnsss.‘ h

  

 

 

 

 

     

. Students
can on]

h l ' hir};
by Gale McAllister
Staff Reporter ‘

President Collins discussed at
the President’s Conference with
Students plans for letting students
have a say in the hiring of faculty
membersvfor the newly developed
Afro -American Studies
Department, and next year’s

housing problems.

President Collins explained that
the person responsible for hiring
the faculty members of any
Department is the Department
Chairman.

However, many Departments
give the students who are majors
in that particular ﬁeld some say in
who will be chosen as faculty
members.

He used the Political Science
Department as a primary example
of the power that students who
are Political Science majors have
in the hiring of faculty. in this
Department majors get an
opportunity to question the man
under consideration and even to
attend a seminar conducted by
him.

President Collins anticipated
that this will be the procedure in
the Afro-American Studies
Department with a student
advisory committee assisting Dr.
Spellman, Department Chairman.

The overall enrollment of the
University will be increased by
650 students next year. President
Collins stated that the University
did not want to increase the
amount of tripling next year, and
discussed several solutions to this
problem.

First, students within a certain,
so far undetermined radius, will
be admitted to the Universtiy
next year only on the condition
that they will have to ﬁnd
off-campus housing or else

Guitar Cup

Council

by Tom Monteleon

At the last two meetings of
Central Council before
intercession the chief business was
the consideration of budgets and
appropriations for different
student organizations.

At last week's meeting, Central
Council authorized the Political
and Social Positions Committee to
commute. bring back to Central Council the

Secondly’ the University will results of a ballot concerning an
my to purchase some “rumpus opmlon 'poll to be held on Feb.
buildings to be used by students 17-

First used book sale
succeeds but loses

O

Bait 325?? dsmc‘book sale, sponsored by the Campus Center
Governing Board, was described by a member of the Board, Marshall
Winkler, as a “qualified success.”

The first of its kind on campus, the sale was held in the Patroon
Lounge of the Campus Center February 3-8.

The first three days of the sale were devoted to the collection of
used books from students. Books were then put on sale at the
student's suggested prices with a 10% commission alloted to the
Governing Board. Students whose books were on sale received cash
plus unsold books yesterday and today.

The Board sold $3200 of the $5700 worth of books taken in.

Winkler emphasized however, that the book sale was tried on an
experimental basis this semester. He was conﬁdent that this service to
students, which would be more expanded and publicized next year,
would become highly successful in the future.

The Campus Center Governing Board, which has been in existence
for two years, broke away from the Committee Programming
Commission last semester.

Activities of the Board include sponsoring the Coffee House
Circuit, the redecoratlng of the Rathskeller, a Wasaall Party during the
Christmas Season, and the continuance of annual used book sales.

The exhibit in the main lounge of the Campus Center until
February 21-, in conjunction with “Negro History Week," is sponsored
by the Board.

A volunteer organization dedicated to student services, the
Governing Board receives budget appropriations from the
Faculty-Student Association.

New consisting of six students, under the supervision of Faculty
Advisor Mr. Ralph Belsler, the Board will be accepting more
applications this semester from those interested in serving the
“Campus Community."

 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

   
  
 
 
 
   
    
   
  
 
      
    

    
   
   
 
     
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  

reprimand

 

 

Tuesday February ll. l969

A fourth course:

tonight’s meal only

student opinion on the present meal plans as well as on proposals
made to change it.

Because of a lack of satisfaction with“ the present meal plan, a
committee made up of representatives from LAAC, Residences, Food
Service, and Housing have drawn up a proposal which would make
many changes in the 1969-70 Board Plans.

The proposal includes the present 20 and [4 meal plans in addition'
to several new plans.

The proposal states that: “State University of New York at Albimy
is growing in student populations, i.e., undergraduates. graduates, and
profeional, as well as in academic breadth and depth.

“in the near future, student living arrangements will need to meet
new requirements. An important segment of these arrangements for
the studeilt is the manner in which he chooses and obtains his food.

“This committee is of the opinion that should the various agencies
of the University involved adopt the proposal, the resident student
will have further responsibility for and ability to choose the board
option best suited to his individual needs.

“These options should be considered a process in the evolution of
enduringboard choices for the student." ,

The purpose of the questionnaire is to judge student opinion on the
meal plans. Speciﬁc prices will not be given until specific plans are
made. -

The committee members are Steve Lobel, chairman, Holly Cohen,
Jay Handelman. all from LAAC; Miss Sharon Scuiiy, Residence
Director, Mr. Peter Haley, Administrative Assistant to Director of
Food Service; and  George Seyferth, Assistant Director of Housing.

 ct  working on the proposal every
secunty ollce

week for the last three months in
order to come up with the best
possible combination and still
keep the prices as low as possible.
it is imperative to get accurate
The purpose of the poll is to by PM] El"- COllins to the Black and honest student response so
determine whether or not the Student Alliance and urged the that the committee can New"t a
student body does or does not quick “hievement 0‘ the" Strong cm for charming the bond
want recruiting on the University °°mmnment5‘ Nani“ In ihe past' Inadeunte
Campus. Other important pieces Central Counc" “'30 Pm“ “ denim“; W'th Student ammo“
of legislation were considered and posmon Statement 0" motes“ have prevailed:
passed. one, a bi". pm'mpted by and demonstrations stating that it Tile commutee is thinkinﬂ 0‘
the incident of February 4' does not re-affirm last year’s Possibly “even me“ DIEM Mid is
stating “Bet-ore security Police position on demonstrations but del‘tendlnﬂ 0“ undem- OPinlon for
may insist upon seeing student iD mm" 8mm“ and support“ the decwion' Howeve" the student
cards they must explain their lawful right of all students to Mid}? Should 1'98"“ that the
reasons for asking for 1D cards.” (“Mom or expression and
Central Council further stipulated advocacy'
that this bill should appear in Central Council 8'80 afﬁrm“
Student Guidelines after taking and ﬂuFPOmi the WM film of
effect according to University 5” “men” to demonstmte-

photo by Ken Wisniewski

Larry Brown was among one of the
ten groups that perform Sunday
evening in the Flag Room of Dutch
Coed. The Guitar Cup is heldvonce a
month and sponsored by the
government of Stuyvesant Tower. The
next Guitar Cup is scheduled for
Ibo:er 22.

t0

questionnaire is for opinion only
and is not binding.

Commuters may fill out a
questionnaire Tuesday afternoon
at the Campus Center between

Procedure, protest, and dissent, or support 1:00 and 5:00 pm. since some of
The n Ce ntml Co u "Cu and assent in any manner that the new Plans Will be designed
supported the commitments made does not seek to restrain or deny with th e co m m uter in
mind. Representatives from

these same rights to others.

Residence and LAAC will be
present at dinner Tuesday to
answer any questions.

it is hoped that results will be
tabulated Tuesday night,
presented to LAAC Wednesday,
and made public in Friday's ASP.

LAAC will support the student
decision and only if necessary
make any added changes. The
proposal will then go through the
usual University procedures.

if specific changes are made
and many new plans result, there
will probably be an increase in the
prices. ‘

Also, the missed meal factor
would beelimlnated. Now, the
prices can be lowered becausr' .l. is
known that a certain pen ultage
of meals will be missed.

As a result of the work of this
committee, lunch was made
available to Colonial Quad
residents, who previously had to
have lunch on one of the other
quads.

Til luring MI b morning and
tilebrollﬂetfisltellwneﬂwlleys
sells as they plan activities. use. s
busin- lm is the only national on

Will.

photo by Viki Potskowdd

Rush Begins

 

A questionnaire will be handed out tonight at dinner asking for '

   
   

  
  
  
   
 
   
     
        
     
   
  
  
     
   
 

 
   
 
  
  
   
    
     

    
  
    
    
   
  

   
  
         
       
     
     
      
        
         
 
 
    
    
      
     
         
          
    
    
    
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
     
 
   
    
   
   
    
    
    
   

     

