 

 

Editorial

1 - emonstrate- r _

Demonstrations have been felt by manyto‘be “unpopular” and
“inefficient” means of. affecting legislative decisions; it is felt they
would .“turn  many people and hinder individual efforts toward

' effecting the des'ite‘dchange. '

Marches and demonstrstions, as was proven‘by, CUNY. may be
peaceful and effective. CUNY received commitments from
Rockefeller'andilegislators immediately following their massive march.
It was not» only letters and telegram that convinced the legislature
that their proposals Were opposed by their voters; it was also the

' physical committment inthe form of demonstrators standing solidly in
‘ opposition to the proposals.

Demonstrations are constitutionally guaranteed; it is a right that
everyone has,'that no one can take away. If our legislators do not
know this, if the people do not know and utilize this means for

change, they do not know or accept a major aspect of America _
democracy If anger is aroused purely by a peaceful march, it is the '

anger of ignorance.

It is true that some of our policy makers view demonstrations
negatively; they do not understand that demonstrators are, for the
most part, committed to achieving action. So committed that they
feel they have not done enough for their goals until they tap all means
of achieving those goals.

The beneﬁciaries of a demonstration are not only the
demonstrators fulﬁlling their cOmmittment, but the public. If the
media were not so biased and sensationalist in its coverage, and
sometimes they are not, the public may be made aware of a problem.
It is this awareness that is the outcome of demonstrations. Viewed in
this light, they perform a deﬁnite and necessary educational function.

The promotion of interest and concem for the issues of the day in
both the demonstrators and in' the public is meritorious and must be
continued. '

letters and telegrams are excellent. means for effecting change.
Demonstrations perform the function of education these means; in
addition, they are a very acceptable means of obviating the necessity
for change.

The means of demonstration may very well achieve
democratization.

Rocky’s Choice

Sitting on Governor Rockefeller’s desk at this moment are two
pieces of legislation which remain very pertinent to college students.
They are the “Flynn Anti-Riot Bill," which proposes to take away
state scholarships from any student convicted of a misdemeanor (i.e.
being arrested in a demonstration); and the Duryea amendment to the
penal code, which could send a student to jail for up to seven years if
he is arrested twice (in an indeterminated period of time) for
protesting on the grounds of a college campus.

Both of these bills are unduly harsh and both violate the standard
of equal justice under the law. We have made our position clear on
these bills before. We are saddened by the legislative passage, and we
now look to Governor Rockefeller to veto both these measures.

We urge all students to communicate with the Governor's ofﬁce by

.IRP

mail or telegram, and ask him to veto these two bills, the Flynn Bill,

and the Duryea Penal Code Amendment and Bill.

ASE STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
office is located in Room 382 of the Campus
Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.Tax. The
ASP was founded by the Class of 1918.

Editori-lnChle/
Jill R. Pasnilr a Ira J. Wei/man

News Editor
Auoclate News Editor
Arts Editor

Sports Editor
Technical Editors
Photography Editor
Easiness Manager
Advertising Manes"
Feature Editor Gary Golt

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reflect Its vlawa.

 

 

 

’l‘i‘m Keeley

thhy Huseman

Carol Seltour

Jim Winslow

Pat O'Hara, Bif_l_Shopsc
Stu Bitter

Philip Franchiul

Daniel Foam-n

 

 

 

\

Comment

 

;  mamas PROBLEM“

Through ages past the‘search
went on youth potions to secure,

But now it's hoped with
alcohol all students will mature.

The kids grow boards, and
humor-less, bid fair to run the
show .

While adults with the discipline
run scared-end very slow.

If having alcohol in rooms is
not enough to age them

Their bedroom visits day and
night will certainly engage them

In fascinating aspects,yenrs?, of
growth and maturation.

With visitors and alcohol there's
super saturation,

I wonder where they'll ﬁnd the
time or why they would desire

To study in a book to get their
education higher?

Distractions slight are booze
and bods compared to some,
however. ‘

Drugs obfuscate
tonight--perhapa forever.

M.D.’s protesting drug abua e,
of "bias" are accused-‘

' 0f “scientific biaa":-yet! By
this they are amused.

The roles are twisted: child
plays adult, adult suckles student
breast.

The danger is adult at child
play seems to play his part the

st.

Today in A.S.P. (it must be
true!) I read that liquor's IN

And SUNY Council's chief
cancer is not the full but empty
tin

reality

Laureate
Anonymous

 

' Dem-ons‘trate?

‘One lesson that should be salvaged from the 1969 Education
budget crisis is vitally concerned with demonstrations and their'role in
affecting policy.

Demonstrations and marches are unpopular, inefﬁcient and
dangerous ways of attempting to affect legislation and policy.

Nothing bears this contention out more clearly than the education
budget crisis itself. It was not because 15,000 idealistic college
students from the City University (along with 1500-2000 idealist
Albany State students) journeyed. to a mass rally in front of the
capitol that the budget was saved. It was, rather, because the
legislators in Albany were deluged with telegrams andletters and other
indications thatconvinsed them that their constituents were against
cutting Education.

In fact, the rally in front of the Capitol did little but anger the
citizens of Albany over the damage to the Capitol lawn.

While we fully believe that the education of 350,000 students is
more important than having helathy tulips on the Capitol lawn, when
we gauge the results of a march such as this one, we get the feeling
that those 15,000 students were wasting their time.

For, in essence, it is the public with which we must be concerned.

The media distorts the ‘size of the radical and unmly elements while
downplaying the more “conservative” or “establishment”
participants, thereby greatly angering the public.

Many people today are “tumed-off" by demonstrators. This alone
means little to us; it means even less to the idealistic “marcher.”

But, if one considers the fact that, so many times, the people
“turned off” are the very constituents that a legislator will consult,
and whoe opinion he respects, then the repercussions of a poor
reception by the public becomes more clear.

Yet, another danger that demonstrations bring about is a
self-righteous feeling of accomplishment. For too often, marchers
believe they have “done their share” by marching and stop there.
They accomplish little, yet they feel as if they are closer to achieving
their ends. There is much that an ordinary citizen can do to bring
about real change, change far more substantial than marching can ever
bring about.

We believe, in many cases, in the causes and the people who are

 

 

I'lréro5ﬂec7l/érz

marching and demonstrating today across the nation. We applaud the
ends persuied, from the call for cessation of hostilities in Vietnam to
the call for Freedom and Equality in the US. now.

We do feel, however, that the means utilized must aid in attaining
those ends; if they do not, we are deluding ourselves, and we must
realize the error of our ways and replace those poor means with ones
that do move towards realization.

We cannot deny that some protest has been successful in bringing
about change. We feel, however, that far too often, the energies
exerted, could have been channeled into more productive methods.

Black Power

Nathan Wright and Shirley Chisholm are where Black Power is
really at. They understand what it is the Black man needs and, more
important, what the white man must learn.

We must learn to be beautiful, to be fulﬁlled by not only being
(doing our individual thing) but becoming (doing things to make
ourselves grow and develop). This was their message, emphasized by
using the term“beautiful" to refer to everyone, black and white.

They clearly articulated the meaning of the often misinterpreted
term Black Power. Whites now have the power to fulﬁll themselves by
their poslton or status in society. They do not have to ﬁght the color
war and so may proceed to better themselves knowing they are
accepted as human beings. Black Power afﬁrms the black man as
having the same power and right as the white in terms of potential
fulﬁllment as a human being. it reafﬁrms the black man as an
individual, different in some respects from the white man but human
in all respects; it means that whites must understand and respect these
differences or be doomed to the narrow-minded ignorance which is
still so apparent.

Black Power has already contributed a great deal to American
society by vividly illuminating the white curse of hypocrisy and luck
of underslaruling. It has made clear the iuadquacies of the present
means by which change may be effected. We hope they will as
effectively lllllkO known plans for changes in the current system.
Blacks. Wright made clear, do lIuVe the marginal perspective, which
gives them the unique ability to understand and contribute to this
society as no one else can. We look forward optimistically with this in
mind.

‘ We hope that the BSA and BOP students will continue to

Econtrlbuie to our understanding of Black people and enliven this

 predominantly white academic community though educational means
that we will learn what must be done.

 

Vol. W No. at 

" ALBANY STUDENT ;
PRESS

. Stats university of No. York at Albany

 

Douglas speaks

CC dedication

by Valerie Ives

The Campus Center was
dedicated Saturday. The program
included an address by Justice
William 0. Douglas at 2 pm. in
the Ballroom.

Justice Douglas spoke on
“Points of Rebellion." He began
by stating that in 1931 the First
Amendment was upheld; it was
unconstitutional to suppress
demonstrations.

Since Truman, he noted, the
factor of militarism and concern
with foreign policy has become
great. Now, there is a change in
the public attitude on militarism.
Today‘s youth are questioning
whether it is our goal to destroy
the Soviets. They ask if something
can be done to achieve world
cooperation.

He spoke brieﬂy of the Negro
situation--discrimination in
employment, housing, and
education.

The law is biased against the

Please turn to page 3, col. 3.

Partial system this time

SUPREME CMT JUSTICE

William 0. um. delivered

“Points of Rebellion" at the Campus Center dedication Saturday

afternoon.

Photo by Hochberg

Another pass -fail considered

At the present time there is a
proposal before the Committee on
Academic Standing, a standing
committee of the Faculty gem“,
concernins a vase-fail policy for
“he univemity. The proposal reads
‘1“. follows: ‘

BE IT RESOLVED, for the
purpose of undergraduate grading,
that effective September 1969,
the following changes be adopted.

A faculty member shall have
the option of announcing prior to
registration that a given course
which he is teaching will use one
of four alternative methods of
evaluation:

A) Letter grading

B) Written description of
student performance

C) Satisfactory-Unsatisfactory
grading (the grade of “S” to earn
credit; the grade “U” no credit)

D) Any combination of the
three.

When a professor takes no
action to announce what methods
of evaluation will be used in a
course. the student may elect
letter grading or S/ U.

Students on their side may
receive credit for courses taken on
the SN system up to 120 credit
hours taken at SUNYA toward;
the Baccalaureate Degge' The
“P‘ion 0f " Written evaluation.
Whef‘: it is available. will be open
to a student only with the
permission of the instructor; there
will be no limit on the number of
courses which he may take with
written evaluation rather than the
letter grade.

According to this proposal, a
professor must declare before
registration, to be noted with
course listings, which of the above
alternatives he wishes to employ.

Some of the advantages and
disadvantages of the committee‘s
proposal have been set forth in
the following paragraphs.

A partial pass-fall system,
which Is what the above proposal

amounts to, would enable
"ud‘éhts to explore fields
otherwise restricted by fear of low
grades, and, at the same time,
allow him to accumulate a grade
point averaged for the purpose of
incentive, future employment,
and graduate schools.

In addition, the proposal is a
broad step in the direction of
academic freedom since it; gives
the student the opportunity to
decide if his entire course of study
will be completely S/U or entirely
A though E or an individually
weighted combination of these
alternatives.

One of the many advantages for
the professor is that he has more
freedom in the planning of a
course, because he has the option
of announcing which alternative
he wishes to use. If he elects to
teach his course on n S/U basis, he
has expanded his opportunities to
bring in innovations in both
material and method, In the event
that a student chooses an S/U
course, he has the same
opporunities for exploration and
experimentation.

There are also certain
disadvantages which such a system
will precipitate. Whereas this
system is designed to relax
competition, and inﬁrm”
innomuon. l'. may, Instead, relax
initiative in S/U courses. A
Biudent may devote his main
energies to those courses for
which he will receive a grade on
his transcript. Inherent, however,
in this disadvant is an advantage
of the partial pass-fail proposal.
Students may choose to be
graded in those courses in which
he intends to delve and exploreI
thereby excelling in them.

Another disadvante arises due
to the prerogative granted the
professor since a course or oven on
entire field of study may offer the
student no option because all the
professors have decided to use the
same grading system.

In discussing this proposal, the

will be held on each of the
quadrangles for this purpose. All
students are encouraged to speak,
as the committee wants to
consider informed student
opinion in the decision that will
be made within the next month.

The meetings are scheduled as
follows: I) April l5; 6:30 in
Coloial Quad Flag Room w 2)
April l7; 6:30 in Dutch Quad Flag
Room with Mrs. M. McKenna 3)
April I7; 7:30 in State Quad Flag
Room with Mr. R. Gibson 4)
Alumni Quad -—- time and place to
be announced with Mr. E. Butler

 

Pro-registration begins
tomorrow! Corrections to the
original course offerings
appear on page 3. Check the
corrections before pulling
cards.

 

 

 

Committee on Academic Standing '

has concluded that the advantages

far outweigh the disadvantages. EALEXV “Au”? who mum“ Wool,“ ,x in  , M.

However, the student body mun.
be heard on this subject. Meetings

Contract controversy

 

 " *
ems, .

all over

campus

 

 

 

April l5. l969

Waterman, Rhonda.

by Jill Paznik

Is a faculty member
qualified to pass judgment on the
teaching ability of a fellow
professor?

Is teaching ability the major
criteria upon which a professor is
judged?

What power does student
opinion have on this campus,
particularly within a department?

These are the controversial
questions that have been raised as

’a result of the non- renewed
icontracts of Dr. Waterman and

Mrs, Rhoads.
Both faculty were on three-year

'contracts when they came up for

renewal. Neither contract was
renewed beyond the three-year

“Tillie decision concerning the
renewal of appointments is made
approximatly one year prior to
the contract's expiration date. At
this time it may be renewed for
one= two, three years or not at
all.)
Notiﬁcation

Waterman and Rhoads were
notified of the decision in a letter
which stated, in part, that “the
Psychology Department Personnel
Committee, in consultation with
the remaining tenured faculty, has
reached the decision that the
interests of all concerned will be
best served by not extending your
term beyond the current
expiration date."

(The Personnel Committee is
elected by the total psychology
faculty from among the tenured
mem bers of the department. Its
members are Dr. Shirley
Brown,the department chairman,
Dr. Morris Eson,Dr. Norman
Greenfeld and Dr. Ostereich.)

No reasons for the non-renewal
were givon in the letter although
both professors were invited to
discuss the matter with Dr.
Brown. After such a discussion,
Dr. Waterman is still "not at all
clear" on the ground for the
action. As a result of heretofore
ambiguous answers, Mrs. Rhoads
has not seen Dr. Brown on the
matter. When questioned as to the
reasons for the non-renewal. Dr.

autobiography. will speak on campus Thursday. Haley is scheduled

to meetw

th students three times during the day.

Brown said that if “further
clarification" was requested, the
concerned parties could see her.

Dr. Waterman believes that the
issue is much larger than the two
faculty members

“What are the criteria for
making these decisions?" she asks,
“What priorities of criteria are
consideredZ Teaching and research
are both valuable; teaching should
have a higher priority.

“If there is strong student
feeling that a professor is
competent and has published; that
must be considered."

This approaches the second
issue which is, “to what extent
student opinion is considered"
both in making the decision and
approving of it.

“Student of these professors
were consulted in no systematic
way (there is no mechanism for
consulting students) by the
department before the decision
was made." said Dr. Eson.

Student Involvement

Both Waterman and Rhoada are
strongly in favor of increased
participation in departmental
decisions in the field. Mrs.Rhoads
is a member of a faculty
committee whose purpose it is to
promote and channel such interest
for the benefit of all concerned.

She feels that the controversy
raised over the non-renewal has
increased communication, a factor
which she believes will extend
beyond the immediate case.It is
the intention of students in the
department, many of whom have
been active in the petition
campaign, to form a psychology
alliance.

As of now, there is no direct
student participation on any of

Please turn to page 2
Malcolm X ,protogee

Alex Haley

Alex Haley, the man who
helped Malcolm X write his
autobiography, will give two
lectures and talk with students on
campus Thursday, April 17.

Mr. Haley, journalistl
writer-in-rcsidence 3nd Visiting
more”? at Hamilton College
(Clinton, N.Y.) is completing a
new book, BEFORE THIS
ANGER, which is the story of his
search for his own African
ancestry and heritage. His
schedule at the University
arranged by the College of Arts
and Sciences, will be:

1:10 pm. Lecture in Lecture
IRoom 2 on "The Story Behind
the Story of Malcolm X." This
will be a lecture for American
Studies 100b in which “The
Autobiography of Malcolm X" is
being studied, but will be open to
other interested students.

3-4:30 pm. Informal meeting
:m the faculty lounge in the
iHumanities Building. Students
1and faculty, especially those in
Afro-American history and
literature courses and in writing
courses, are invited.

8:30 pm. Lecture in Lecture
Room 3 on “Black Saga-~A Sage
of Black History." This lecture,
for the univareity community. will
be on Mr. Haley's five years of
research and travel in. Africa,
Europe, and America that have
gone lntothemaking of Marrow
book. ' ' ' ‘

Please turn topage 3,col.i

 

