 
 
     
    

        
    

A a—‘b:¢‘- _'_. .
, o'er-0-4 -

    
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  

   
     
 
  
 

-,........,. ‘,--.,_...,.._....._.._..- -A. - s < C ,

 
  
  

t
l
\
t
t
V
t.

x .

«A... “44.19. . .

1.9. -..- -7-

' On” theatrrface;  of.tbe" recruitment poll are a very
 for the advocates of the “open campus" policy.
Unfortunatly, we cannot accept the results as an accurate picture of

titevlewsof3,000infomtedvoters. , » ~
it _is;,_weli and good that those who supperted the concept of open

‘  went out and worked hardest for that side of the

qrestion”. They educ'sted‘the electorate 'to‘their point of view, and

 to stir up enough interest to lure a record number of voters
to .. ' ' ‘ -

- But tha'p'ou. itsaiffaifad. Earlier last week, we stated that we saw the
poll as a definite good, for it stirnulateddiscussion and provoked
thought. We gave the student body too much credit. Too lateIWe“
discovered that it stimulated only irrational discussion, dealing in high
moral terms and concepts rather than practical considerations, as they
related to those very concepts.

The blame isvnot to be placed speciﬁcally in one particular place.
The responsibility was lodged, however, within_a few groups.

Those who inaugurated the poll and were responsible for its being
run properly failed to, elucidate both sides of the argument. More
irnportantiy,,they failed to make any provision to make sure that both
sides would be heard in any rational manner. It stands to reason that
if there was sufficient grounds for holding the poll, then the reasoning
on both sides carried some degree of merit. However, the polls’
initiators seemed more interested in breaking voting records, than in
helping students understand the reasons why the poll was necessary in
the first place. '

Those who supported the concept of closed or slective campus
recruitment made something less than a feeble effort to put their
points across. There was, as has been stated already, merit in the
arguments put forward by some of the advocates of closed campus,
especially concerning such matters as the question of priority of
allocation of funds to placement service rather than something
concerned with academic hfe. However, when discussion with the
opposition took place, the majority of those who supported closed
campus did so on either irrational grounds or by utilizing faulty logic.

if the electorate had been better educated (undeniably, a fault of
this newspaper also) as to both sides of the question, the results
problably would not have varied to any large extent from those
recorded. But to our way of thinking, the results would have been far
more valid. As it is now, we consider the results of this poll of liitle
worth. The issues became too confused, too muddled, for them to be
understood by the average voter. it seemed to be too much a division
between goodi OPEN CAMPUS-m-We’re l for'freedom of speechl") and
bad (CLOSED CAMPUS~--We don’t give a damn about freedom of
anything).

There were valid points in the arguments of the supporters of the
closed campus policy. Due to an abdication of responsibility on the
part of those who were responsbile for running the poll, and due to
the lack of organization on the part of the closed campus advocates,
those constructive and logical statements were neVer heard.

Before President Collins uses the results of this poll as conclusive.
proof of the overwhelming support for an open campus policy, we
urge him to inspect the circumstances under which the voting

roceeded.
" Press Freedom

SUNY’s Board of Trustees has proposed a policy statement which
would require the free admission of all news media to any campus
event that is open to the public.

In other words, when the general public (students and the Albany
community) is invited to attend a student event, such as an SDS
confernece, the newsmen are also automatically invited free of charge.

From past experience we know that student activities on this
campus haVe not been treated at all fairly by the outside press.

Although we agree with the Trustees “Whereas it is the public’s
right to know about those matters which may fall into the public
realm,” we do not believe that the public can know the truth from the
media’s misrepresentation of facts, misquotes and general lack of
understanding in reporting.

We can no longer trust newspapers, radio or TV to report events
accurately. It is common knowledge that their coverage is directed
toward sensationalism. in addition, they view events, particularly
student administered events, through myopic established eyes.

We are not afraid of news coverage, we are apprehensive and with
good reason, of news being colored to ﬁt what an audience wants to
hear.

If the press can be discrimantlng in its coverage of campus chnts,
those who sponsor such events must be allowed the freedom to be
discriminating in its use of the press.

If the press is to be excluded, the event must be advertised as
“closed” campus event, i.e. not open to the public.

 

 

EDITORS NOTE: Due to budgetar roblema, the

Press will not be publishing regularlyy Iin the comingAvllzzlliay.Wl’:dvti1li
inform you of the interruptions in our printing schedule in the near
future.

POLICY NOTE: The aim of the Albany Student Press this term is to
give correct and accurate, but incisive and descriptive, views ‘of the
news. To this end, we have instituted it Features section, which aims
at rubiective impressions along with factual reporting. We have also
given our reporters the freedom of expression of mood and
background which may be seen as “coloring the news". We do this not
to advocate any position, but rather to point out sides of issues which
might otherwise be missed.

L

  "raisin" 7......

.‘UWIND

_ roarawlewaapj
rmnuf.uv€l0l’5
g genuine PASSION
Pol. A Slum}
tumour, YouNtr
n.le this; 6W

L95 SHE DOES

in? ironcmi

M5 MN." WINES...-

, mason MARCH, n, rm

reorient!"
We

 

ALBANY, STUD!  

 
  
    

,.

~stress

[State University of Neo York at Albany

 

 

     
   
      
 
 

  
  
   
    

  

 
 

 
 

  

   
  
  

 

  
  
   

Communications

 

All communicaqu

rnuct be addressed to the

editor and must be signed. Communications on

subject to editing.
Half fare dilemma

t'o the editors:

The way things are going, you and your readers
are about to lose their privilege to fly at half-fare.

For some reason, practically no one in the
country felt concerned enough about it to file a
brief with the CAB on behalf of the students who
are the users of the cards. National Student
Marketing Corporation was the first to intervene,
followed only by the NSA and the Campus
Americans for Democratic Action.

We cannot, however, win the fight alone. We
need your help. Hearings before the CAB are on
March 12,1969. If we are not successful, everyone
of you, regardless of age, will have to pay full fare
and the half-fare cards which you now hold will be
worthless.

We feel that if your readers were fully aware of
the situation, they and their parents would want to
do something about it. The best thing to be done at
this point. is to send us letters of protest at the
cancellation of the half-fare program. We will make
sure they are forwarded to Congress, the CAB or
wherever they will do the most good.

Time is of the essence!

Very best regards,
Cortes W. Randell
N.M.S.C.

Double 00ps!!

To the Editors:

With regard to the editorial of
Tuesday, February 25, concerning your
recommendation to change the presently required
English composition course to an elective, we would
like to bring to your attention the lack of pronoun
antecedent agreement in your concluding paragraph.

Rosemary DeBonls
Kileen Tracy

Ed. Note: Although this latter was published last
issue, its meaning was changed by an inadvertent
ommiuslon of one line. It is now reprinted in fit
entirety.

Lopez Dismissal
To the Editors:

Education.

The institution so long praised for its glittering
ideals...the self-righteous body of knowledge that is
unchallengeable because of its holy nature.

We speak of education in terms of schools,
teachers, students-all respectively Identified with
brick walls, well-dressed professionals, and
wide-eyed, innocent children. The fallacy lies not in
the conception of what education Is, but in the idea
of its image, its practical existence. We are atuned to
an established image and our thoughts are so glued to
that visualized institution that 'we do not. allow
ourselves consider further images, perhaps more
humanized and natural perspectives of the "school",
the “teacher” and the “student!”

If we are to seek a meaningful education in which
sincere human beings are involved in the reciprocal
process of learning—student and teacher—let. us
seriously consider the dilemma of a member of the
Romance Language Department at the University,
Mrs. Maryon Lopez—who has been released from
employment as of June, 1969.

Mrs. Lopez has not yet been allowed a hearing on
her dismissal, nor even a clear explanation of the
department's decision. (Her dismissal was announced
last November.) It was implied that her ability in
teaching was not sufficient, but on no concrete
grounds. No one observed her classes or received
complaints from students.

What exactly are the criteria of an “efficient”
teacher in the eyes of a department that claims itself
to be "democratic" in nature, and that espouses
"academic freedom?"

Mr. Lopez refused to resign after having been so
requested, stating that she personally could not
justify a resignation, since she felt that she had been
conducting her classes (promoting the learning
process) to meet the needs of her students and her
own standards.

She cannot compromise on the issue, because it
involves a conflict between her attitudes toward
education and the demands of the administration.

it is impossible to objectively describe a teacher's
way of promoting learning, but there are several
students who would "testify" in Mrs. [opez's behalf
reaffirming her capabilities and effectiveness in the
"classroom", as well as in the time devoted to
personal attention outside the formal learning
situation.

As a student body, as a faculty, as a school, we are
presented with an on-the-linc issue: What is the image
of education? How narrow are our sights? Mrs.
Lopez's position is a vital case in point. Where do we
go from here?

Barbara Sjostrom

Karen Fallcaon

 

 

STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
office is located in Room 382 of the Campus
Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.Tax. ’l‘he
ASP was founded by the Class of 1918.

Editors~ln-Chicf

Jill R. Paznlk xii Ira J. Wot/man

News Editor
Associate News Editor
Arts Editor

Sports Editor

Tim Keeley
Kathy Iluseman
Carol Sclrour
Jim Winslow

Feature Editor Gary Gelt
Technical Editors pal 0719",, am Shapau
Photography Editor 134 pam‘owshi
“WW” WW" .‘hlllp Franchan

Advertising Manager Dania, Foxma"

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

 

  
  

I

MEMBERS or me ALBBNT cosrrnon we

.r ,‘1.

toaidtbeCUNYmnchonthe

Capitol Tuesday March Is. Over 6,000 students from CUNY will be participating in the protest of the

budget cut.

Students to be

Photo by Simmons

polled on

Pass-F ail for next semester

The Pass-Fail system will be
discussed in an open meeting and
voted upon in an opinion poll
next week.

The open meeting will be held
on Tuesday evening at 8:00 in
Social Science, 256. Dr. Allan
Kuusisto, Vice-President for
Academic Affairs, will give
opening remarks and moderate
the panel discussion.

The panel will include: Dr.
Joan Schulz, Chairman of the
Committee on Academic
Standing; Dr. Arthur Collins,
Chairman of the Task Force on
Academic Regulations; Richard
Collier, Chairman of the
Commission for Academic Affairs
of Student Association; and Mona
Kurtz, student member of the
Committee on Academic
Standing.

The opinion poll will be held
on the dinner lines of the quads

Campus order

bill endorsed
by Legislators

By Tom Caiey
Capitol Correspondent

Assembly Speaker Perry
Duryea, Jr. and Senate Majority
Leader Earl Brydges Tuesday
endorsed a bill submitted by a
Special Assembly Committee on
campus unrest.

The bill drafted by the
Committee headed by
Assemblyman Charles Henderson
would require the state's private
and public colleges and
universities to adopt and “provide
for the enforcement" of rules
concerning law and order on the
campuses.

According to Duryeu the object
of the bill is to place the
responsibility for campus behavior
in the hands of school
administrators.

Duryoa added, “The approach
embodied in this logic-
lation...dirccts the active efforts
of the educational community
and the state in a proper
direction, provides the
appropriate emphasis at the
correct levels of responsibility,
and is broad enough to have effect

Please turn to page 3

and in the Campus Center from
Wednesday to Friday, March
1921. All students are requested
to voice their opinions on the
proposals which are presently
under consideration.

Three proposals are being
considered presently. The ﬁrst
proposal, which came from the
CL 'nmisaion for Academic Affairs,
requests that “all under-graduate
courses shall be graded on a
Satisfactory-Unsatisfactory (S-U)
basis." The second proposal is the
present system of “A” thru "E"
grades. Academic Affairs
Commission has made this
proposal their second choice of
the proposals.

The third proposal is a rather
complicach system of grading.

The professor would announce
prior to pre-registration which of
the four following grading
systemshe would use: (A) Letter
grading; (B) Subject evaluation,
Le. a written description of
student performance: (C)
Satisfactory-Unsatisfactory
grading, Le. S or U; (D) Any
combination of the above. ‘

If the professor makes no
announcement of the method of
evaluation for his course, the
student may elect letter grading or
pass-foil. The option of a written
evaluation would be open to the
student only with the permission
of the instructor.

All of these events are
sponsored by the Commission for
Academic Affairs.

Student Alliance to

march

on,

By Gale McAllister Staff Reporter

Capitol,

“We are facing something which is probably the most serious
problem the University has ever faced," declared Steve Cherniako of
the Albany Student Alliance in connection with the proposed budget

cut.

Students from the 17 campuses of the City University (estimatéd
between 6,000 and [0,000 in number) will be arriving at the Capitol.
l2:00 noon Tuesday, March l8. If Albany Students support this ‘
march, it is probable that some reciprocal action will take place and
City College students will come back up on Monday, March 24, to aid

the SUNY march.

Students wishing to participate in the March l8 movement are
urged to attend a coordination meeting today, 2:00 in HU l37.

An increase in the faculty-student ratio, a decrease in the number
of books purchased by the library, a cut down in the amount of
necessary supplies needed by faculty in order to properly educate'the
students, more love lecture classes, and basically a general decline in
the quality of education will be the problems the New York State
University System will face next year.

These problems stem from the fact that the budget of $443 million
that the University System originally requested was cut by first 9% to
$406 million and then by 6% to $367.8 million where it now rests.

This is not a 5% cut as some would lead the students to believe, but.

a devastating 14% cut.

To this University, the budget cut will mean a deficit of $586,130
of which only $438,000 can be saved by skimping drastically on
expenses (e.g. no increase in the amount of faculty, fewer library

books, etc). That leaves a
$148,130 deficit in which there is
no possible way to make up.
There is no place left to shave
money off expenditures.
However, we are not the only
University affected. All two-year
and four-year colleges, plus the
other three universities in the
State System are equally
hampered by the budget, as are
the City Colleges and the private
institutions throughout the state.
In order to do something to
end the crisis, "we need
solidarity," Explained Cherniske.
“All groups on campus, no
matter what their interests, must.
cooperate in this endeavor in
order for it to be successful, as
must. all of the University System
students." '
At a meeting of the Albany
Student Alliance Wednesday, the

Central Council endorses

SUNY and CUNY rallies

by Norm Rich
Central Council has
endorsed two rallies protesting
the proposed state cuts in aid to
education.

The first rally, led by students
of the _City University, will be
held Tuesday, March Ill. The
CUNY group (composed of
downstate college, high school,
and community action groups),
plans to assemble at. Draper Hall
Tuesday morning. At noon the;
will march to the steps of tht
State Capitol. Here they plan to
conduct. a teach-in for the
remainder of the afternoon.

Jean O'Loilly, CUNY
representative, explained that. the
rally is “for more education" and
"positive education". H was
careful to note, however, “the
whole of this thing is to he
peaceful." Lcilly further
explained that he expected
botwcen six thousand and ten
thousand city students to make
the upstate trip.

A meeting for those studunllt
wishing to participate in this
demonstration will be conducted
2 pm. this afternoon In RU 137.

The secoan rally, proposed 'by
the Albany Student Coalition, in
conjunction with other SUNY

    

colleges will occur on March 24.

Turning toward internal
matters, Council ratified a bill
seeking to amend the LAAC
open visitation bill presently
before the student affairs
council.

Proposed by James Kuhn, the
bill provides that open visitation
shall be decided on a suite basis

rather than by the entire ball as
the LAAC bill provides.

President Collins is likely to
recommend LAAC’s bill to
University Council on March 20.
However, if Council actions
persuade Student Affairs Council
to amend the bill its outcome
will be uncertain.

PRESIDENT EVAN R. COLLINS was queried Tuesday by students
concerned over the dismissal of Mrs. Maryon Lopez.

Photo by Potskowski

See story on page 7.

problems were discussed,
explained and several important
solutions were agreed upon.

For immediate action all
students should write letters to
their State Senators advising them
of what will happen to our
University and others if the
proposed budget passes.

This letter writing campaign is
extremely important. Students
should write personal letters and
also inform their parents of the
situation (letting them realize that
the budget means they will pay
more in taxes and get less in
dividends anc convincing them to
write immediately.

However, the main effort by
this University and all the rest of
the New York State University
System will be concentrated in
two marches to the Capitol.

On Monday, March 24, all
colleges and universities in the
New York State System will bus
students to Albany for a march
and teach-in at. the Capitol
building. This must be a "protest
in numbers and not. in violence"
as one student put it.

A representative from Hudson
Valley Community College
attended the meeting and
volunteered to get in touch with
the 44 two-year colleges
throughout the state and get their
support.

The reason given for not. having
the statewide march this week
when the City students come is
primarily the fact that all State
campuses have not yet organized
and need time to do so.

And another reason is that the
week of the 17 Chancellor Gould
will be addressing the legislature
in an effort to change their minds
on the budget cut and to get. them
to do something about it.

Faculty members are urged to
cancel classes on the 18 and the
24 in order to form a unified
coordinated effort which will
bring maximum results.

Wednesday, March 19, the day
following the march with the City
College students another meeting
of the Albany Student Alliance
will be held in order to finalise
the plans.

All students and facolty are
urged to attend this important
meeting. The meetinguwill be held
at 6:30 and the place will be
announced at a later date.

Friday, March 14,1965 , '

  
  
    
   
   
   
  
   
  

 

 

