,. . L... ..c.".--...—vrs-.—mmy swawrmmmvz‘mt z» ~-\“"v’-“—‘"'

PAGE 8

 

EDITORIAL

Endorsement

Well, today begins the voting (YAWN) in “the most important
election ever held on this earn as '(Aap Editorial, Oct. 3) SlGH..

We were quite excited a cut the prespect of elected students
serving on University Senate. Excited, that is, until the campai n
began. (did it ever, really?) Among our choice of adjectives to descri e
this “cam sign” are: lacklustre,boring, and indifferent.

What a out the issues? Well, we found four. No one else seemed to
be looking very hard.

.The candidates showed little potential for innovation, almost no
evrdence of thought on what they could do for us, and certainly little
groﬁciency in writing(as exempliﬁed by those incredibly similar and

oring essaysl)

Only a few candidates stood out in any manner. We have decided to
formally endorse, and offer our support, to those candidates. They
are:

1.Mike Gilbertson
2.Doug Goldschmidt
3.lcnny Kopp

4. Mark Landesman
5.Sue Schwartz

6. Greg Spear

7. Marsha Buebel

8. Steve Villano

Undeniably, we were hampered by the fact that we do not know all
candidates-- and also, by the inability of many of the candidates to
reach us with their views.

We did use deﬁnite criteria, however, in judging the candidates we
were acquainted with, and we did find that the 8 people we have
endorsed fulﬁlled those criteria.

We looked for these qualities in the candidates:

l. innovative attitude---we are a mobile body; our representatives in
government must enter with deﬁnite ideas which they will attempt to
institute.

2. Open mindedness---We need students who are capable of
evaluating each situation independently. They must not be bound to

any doctrine, and must approach each problem with an open mind.

3. Desire—an active desire to devote time and effort to studying
and considering the issues is vital.

4. Knowledge-Our representatives should have some knowledge
and background in the ﬁeld of governance of the University.

5. Experience-«some experience in government can be an asset.

These attributes are more or less in descending order. by tar the
most important criteria upon which we must base our judgement of
the candidate is his openness to new ideas, as exempliﬁed both by
his announced support of some, and his willingness to consider others.

We believe our cnadidates have enough of the abOVe qualities to
merit election: there are other candidates who have made some valid
points, or made some valid contributions, but they did not impress us
sufﬁciently for us to endorse them. (We still take these elections
seriously, and still consider them of importance.)

This election campaign has been more than disappointing; it has
been downright horrible. We are disgusted by the meaninglessness of it
all-«and it is more than slightly frustrating to see more and more
posters as the only positive(?) result of, again, “the most important
elections ever held on this campus.“

Sanctuary

“We provide no sanctuary for those who break the law.” This
statement, made by Dr. Thorne at the President‘s Conference
yesterday, defines the attitude of the university as an institution
toward drugs on campus. Thorne also said, “the University is
committed to helping students in trouble."

The grand paradox is that there would be fewer students in legal
trouble if some of the laws were either brought up-to-datc or
rescinded altogether. “Trouble” is an illusory term usually deﬁned by
the University in the context of established laws. You are “in trouble“
if you protest, “in trouble" if you smoke marijuana, “in trouble" if
you are a human being with peculiarly human habits.

We must keep in mind that humans cannot be successfully judged
by any law. For laws are, by deﬁnition, institutionalized and, as such,
can only judge institutions, not individuals. Only other individuals can
execute their morals effectively, justiﬁably. The laws haVe no meaning
for humans-we make our own and abide by them.

Because this is true of most people, it is important that they be
educated so their laws are the result of reasoned thought, not
emotional reaction.

We think that if there is any “problem” at all, it is with the
ridiculously antiquated education that does not aid us in questioning
our own morality or in determining what our "troubles" are.

Perhaps before the UniVersity administration starts turning in
students for breaking “the law," they ought to concentrate on
determining validity of those laws, and their humane I'tilllllomihll’ '0

l em.

 
 

ALBANY sruosur PRESS

ms PRESIDENT, I AM
Mar, Nos written,

inrtuaucec as aw way
as Ann was Pamsr
Am: Dewuma‘nou.

  

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, I969

  
 

COMMENT

 
 
 
      
    

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications are

subject to editing.

Sign Revolution
To the Editors:

On Friday morning, about 2 a.m., on Oct. 17 a
few of us put 15 posters around the campus. They
all said the same thing: Revolution, Nov. 15,
Anarchy.

By 12 noon all 15 poster; had vanished. [don't
know who removed the signs but i presume it was
the campus pigs. While putting up the signs a pig
told us that not only weren’t we allowed to put up
our posters but that we weren‘t allowed on the
academic podium after 11 p.m.

We are all students of this University and the
reason for our posters was disgust. All of us had
taken part in the moratorium. A moratorium that
showed the apathy and ignorance of the majority of
students on this campus. A disgust at the little our
efforts achieved.

Only revolution in Washington on Nov. 15 can
start to change this action. In our violent country
there is only one way to force the majority to
change from ﬁghting necessary riots with more
police to getting to the root of the problems.

That way is by having them watch their white,
middle class,sons and daughters die and be beaten
fighting fora legitimate cause.

Non violence has never worked and as the stones
said “the time is right for violent revolution."
Remember our national and personal securities are
worth nothing without our freedom.

On Nov. ll’), be in Washington, and don't march,
revolt and don‘t say, destroy.

THE PATHOS PEOPLE
CURE requirements

To ALL Students:

Are you fed up with University Requiermente?
WE ARE!

w”. the Committee for

members of the

Undergraduate Requirement Elimination (CURE)
have been working under the auspices of Academic
Affairs Commission since the first of October.

With the aid of Kick Collier and Bob Gibson of
University College, we have explored the feasibility
of eliminating University wide requirements and
have discovered that our goals can be attained by
the end of this semester.

However, such an undertaking needs the
maximum amount of Student and Faculty support.
If our proposal is passed, it. will inevitably change
the character of academic life at SUNYA and it
therefore commands the total interest and
commitment of the entire University community.

There will be a meeting Wednesday, October 22
at 7:30 in Lecture Center 2.

Your absence or presence at this meeting may
determine the direction of your academic career.

Love,

Committee for Undergraduate
Requirement Elimination(CURE)

STAFF

 

times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
editorial office is located in Room 334 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 457-2190,2194.
Editors-ln-Chie/
Jill Paznil: & Ira Wolfnmn

News Editor . . . . . . . . , . . . Kathy Huaemun

Associate News Editor . . , . . . . . Anita Tliaycr

Arts Editor . . . . . , . . . . . Daryl Lynne Wager

Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . , . . . , .Daue Fink

Technical Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Pat O‘Hern i

Assistant Technical Editor . . . . . . . .Tom Clingan

Photography Editor . . . . . . . . . Marty Benjamin

Business Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chuck Ribak

Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . . . .Daniel Foxman

Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Barry Kinchner

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its-
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

The Albany— Student Press is published two‘

 

 

 
 

Volume NI. NO- 9‘

.

 

LOOKING AT THE MOON THROUGH A microscope—Dr. Pryor.
mitochberg

ALBANY STUDENT

PRESS

 

Students

progress;

Education
too?

 

 

 

 

State Unlocnlty of New York at Albany

 

Friday. October 24. l969

Students in Faculty Senate;
Pass -F ail first consideration

Dr. Allan Kuusisto, president of
the University, and Dr. Alfred
Finklestein, Chairman of the
Executive Committee of Faculty
Senate, will meet with the
stducnts who have been elected to
the University Senate on Monday,
October 27 at 10:30 AM. in
Room 375 of the Campus Center.
The 22 students with the largest
l imber of votes were declared the
\ inners:

‘ ictor K. Looper . . . . . . . .657

Terry D. Mathias . . . . . . . . 532

David Neufcld . . . . . . . . . . 430

Michael Gilbertson . . . . . . . 357

Richard Zipper . . . . . . . . . 3l7

Richard Kamp . . . . . . . . . . 298
Douglas Goldschmidt . . . . . 284
Joseph Green . . . . . . . . . .259

Jack Schwartz . . . . . . . . . . 255

Thomas LaBarbara . . . . . . . 245

Jan Blumenstalk . . . . . . . . . 244

Leonard Ko p . . . . . . . . . . 243

Stephen Vil ano . . . . . . . . . 236

Gregory S ear . . . . . . . . . . 236

Sam Mori er . . . . . . . . . . . 223

No green cheese on moon,
sec SUNYA’S lunar samples

Lunar samples collected by
Apollo 11 are being studied at
SUNY Albany by Dr. Kline of the
Physics department. The moon
samples will be on display
Saturday from 11-5 and Tuesday
from 9-5 in the Main Lounge of
the Campus Center where they
can be viewed through a
microscope.

Dr. Kline's specific research is
in nuclear magnetic resonance
studies of lunar materials and

lunar simulation samples. While he
has done initial study of the lunar
samples at Oak Ridge, it is
expected that much of his work
will be performed in the magnetic
resonance laboratory in the
University's physics department.

Professor Kline is studying
samples of lunar material already
collected by the Apollo 11 Lunar
Mission as they become available
from the Lunar Receiving

Pass-fail explained,

students pose questions

by Carol Hughes

Members of the Ad Hoc
Committee on Grading clarified
the proposed Satisfactory-No
credit rating system at an open
meeting on Tuesday, October
2lst. The recommendations of the
committee will be acted upon by
Faculty-Senate on Monday,
October 27th Where the plan may
be accepted, rejected or chunged.

A panel consisting of
Committee Chairman Robert
'I‘horstenson, Frcd Childs, Richard
Collier, Robcrt Gibson and Terry
Mathias responded to student
questions for the major portion of
the meeting.

'l‘honstcnson, wishing to clear
up a “lack of communication,"
seemed to bore the audience by
reading the sections of the
rationale for SvN grades omitted
in Tuesday‘s ASP. llc termed
Puss-Full the most fciisiblc
solution to thc inndcquutc grading
system presently in existence, but
by no means 11 total answer to the
problem.

Student objections to the plun
centered on t I very partial
nature of the recommendations.
Concern was expressed for the
"shock effect“ that would be

experienced by students in the
Junior year upon return to the
conventional grading system.

Why students could not “map
out their own destiny" was also
an area of interest. Since Juniors
and Seniors would still be taking
lower level courses with freshmen
and sophomores for A,B,C,D,E
credit, instructors would still be
obligated to touch on the present
basis.

A partial system (mixing S~N
courses with those taken on u
conventional basis) was regarded
as a totally unacceptable solution
sinco students would let S-N
subjects slide and concern
themselves with those with an
A,B,C,D,E grade.

The Puss-Full proposal would
provide creativity, educational
development and practicality to
the lcurning process on this
campus, according to the
committee.

“No one thinks he llllh‘ the
grading problem licked." said
Thorstenson, but the adaption of
Pass-Fail would be a beginning
towards that and.

Laboratory in Houston. Planned
collections by Apollo 12 and
Apollo 13 will, it is hoped, yield
additional samples for such study.

The magnetic resonance
technique is nondestructive, and
will yield information about
hydrogen, silicon, ﬂuorine, and
other atoms thought to be present
in the lunar surface. Information
about the chemical state of the
atoms and about internal electric
and magnetic fields in the samples
may be obtained.

The data will be used as a
background to the study of

proton implnnLatio‘ at the lunar
surface, the nature of which will
be viewed as some measure of
solar activity and the rate at
which the surface layers of the
moon turned over with time.

 
 

Thomas Nixon . . . . . .219
Candy Mirrer . . . . . . . . . . . 204

Terry Coleman . . . . . . . . . . 203

Gail Krausc . . . . . . . . . . . . l99

Marie Staiano . . . . . . . . . . l

Mitchell Toppel . . . . . . . . . l7
Mark Landesman .. . . . . . .175
Out of an undergraduate

population of over 8 thousand,
1,367 votes were cast in this
election.

The list of the other candidates
in this election is included
elsewhere in the body of this
story.

SENATE AGENDA

This month's Faculty Senate
meeting, which will include
student Senators for the first
time, will be Monday, October 27
at 3:30 pm. in Lecture Center
Four.

The Proposal on Grading which
calls for a Satisfactory-No Credit
grading system, as proposed by
the Undergraduate Academic
Council, is among the issues to be
discussed. The results of u
faculty-wide poll taken by the
Executive Committee on this
proposal will be announced at this
meeting.

Guidelines for student-faculty
consultation will be presented by
the Ad Hoc Consultation
Committee. These guidelines
encourage flexibility and
experimentation depending on the
needs of each individual
department. If these guidelines are
adopted, each department must
file a statement with the
Vice-Chairman of the Senate.

Generally this statement should
include the manner in which
student opinion will be obtained,
subject matter scheduled for
discussion, and a procedure for
complaints and the redress of
grievances.

The Personnel
Committee will
recommendations on

Policies
present
campus
parking policy concerning parking
lots 3 and 4.
Although the Faculty Senate
has never formally adopted a

   

    

policy concerning observers,
members of the university
community are generally

permitted to attend. Students
who have specific views on any
issue should contact any student
Senator.

Other candidates in the election
included: Mel Brosterman, Susan
Reynolds Schwartz, Tobi Shostak,
Phil Cantor, Larry Blau, Michael
Golub, Gordon Thompson, Nanci
Wolf, Debbie Copeland, Pat
Mulroney, Robert Cole. and
Michael Gottfried.

Also running were Richard
Sternbcrg, Jeffrey Sherrin, Robert
,Sichel, Bert Devorsetz, Richard
Brendcl, Thomas Peterson, E. Paul
Yasck, Charles Hurt, Bruce
Hutkoff, Susan Elberger, Bruce
Leinwund, Mark Sosne, Alan
Herzlich, Barry Davis, Bill Healt,
Allyson Price, and Andy Egol.

Marcia Buebel, James Watson,
Lucy Grodson, Linda Klausner,
Jay Glasser, Perry Silverman, Dan
Duncan, Thomas O'Boyle, Joseph
Pachman, Paul Passantino, Steven
Gerson, Milledge Mosley, John
Koethen.

Write-Ins were the following:
Dave Formanek, Paul Howard,
Steve Bookin, Bill Coluni, Richard
Friedlander, Alan Sorota, Dave
Forman, Aline Lepkin, Greg Moss,
Bill O’Kain, Nadine Simonoff,
Bernard Bourdeau, Michael
Confield, April Richards, Jeff
Mcndleson, David Wood, William
Pompa, Joe Kaiser, O'Connel,and
Brumman.

Also, Diane Baily, Alice
Borman, William Hunt, Big L.
Mitchell, Michael Silva, Bob

Hoffman, Sue Donhalek, Chuck
Ribak, Fred Grombozzi,Jay Four,
T. Freer, Kathy O'Neil, Jeannette
Beckcrman, J. Robbins, Ron

Neuman, Isadore Johnson,
Andrew Haber, Amato, Steve
Espositio, Alice Kenney, Mel

KArp, and Mark Goor.

Jeff Finkel, Chris Hill, Judy
Avner, Susan Bellock, Louis
Giordano. Ed McCabe, Eric Stein,
continued to age 2

  
 

  

NEW AND UNUSUAL SHAPES AND COLORS embellish the Indian Quad landscape.
---coaper

 

