 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

    

.'

Editorial

Alert Plan

It is hard to interpret the issuance of a Demonstration Alert Plan as
anything but a gross effort to stiﬂe dissent. However, it may be seen
in a very different light by different members of the community.

For secretaries it is, we suppose, an anxiety reducing idea to know
that “in the event of disruptive activities," one has only to whip out
her little yellow card and call the Security ofﬁce to fulfill her duty.

The caller should know his own name, the number of
demonstrators, their mood, the reason for the demonstration. Perhaps
he or she should join the demonstration for a little while before
calling Security to assure correct information.

The term ‘disruptive activities‘ is not defined anywhere but the
ridiculous implication (by the title) is that a mere demonstration may
fall under this category. We hope that this is not the interpretation
adhered to by recipients of the card. if it is, we are afraid there will be
more trouble than can be contained by any instructions on this card.

We do not at all appreciate the institutionalisation of responses to
demonstrations. The implication, although refuted, is one of
preparation for expectations that cannot be justified by anything that
has occured on this campus in the recent past.

Comment

Surprise!

in a pleasantsurprise we have received over 50 responses to our
request for policy statements from candidates running for positions on
University Senate. We consider this a great victory in the fight to
make elections more representative and meaningful.

The plan announced by election commission which includes a rally
at which all candidates will be invited to share their viewpoints with

the electorate is another step forward, one which many have been -

asking for for many moons.

These steps are significant and leave open the possibility that these
elections may be far more satisfying than all previous elections held
on this campus

Herein lies the burden of the student body. it is now the
electorates‘ turn to be active participants. We strongly urge all
students to carefully regard the policy statements, to be printed
Tuesday in a special issue of this paper. We urge all students to attend
the rally, armed with questions which will aim at truly determining
the ideas and qualifications of each candidate.

The rally and the policy statements can be translated into
substantive results if the student body responds in a responsible

.,\

Th , . , ., . manner.
ere are some commendable elements In the plan which many v , ‘ I, I _ I t n... I d I , (H 1
students are sure to disregard. One is the statement (printed twice) \ c “merely hOPC “‘11 he Opportunity to 0 cm, ‘1" C mom "n , ' ‘I I” i (to i 00 p m
.|\ “DO not can the City or State Police... This wise recognition 0f [he representative. set of senators to Unrverstly Senate is not squandered ‘\t'iltlt‘llllt' l'oiliuin__ lbvtut'cn “Isrlhﬁ \\ ‘\“\H
harm that outside police can cause is partly undone by the following by u" “pinhcnc response by the undergraduate commmmy' ’ \d"‘i”i*‘”“““” “"l'di"!l am} “'1 H". (“I Hi .i i i i I I (H
“if necessary, this will be done by a designated administrative officer Building) \l>|N(; Ul- til i “ rk ’ m 0" M- “ H
. of the university’U the threat to dissenters remains. I” 1 H i- x, \ \1 i. 5 0|. “mg I. u x ml)"
' “NSOtCCl'lng thle recipients away from violence, the (card'stﬂlCS that The elections for University Senate will be held on October 2|, 22, K” Ill) In “It \“ll- l NAM
matcm '5 worth even the Smallest person"! Injury (0 a" and 23 froin 10-5 pm. in the Main Lounge of the Campus Center. W \R' -\ll Mimi] \‘l ll.‘

employee. " What about concern for the demonstrators?

There will be in Candidates Rally on Oct. 16 from 9-“ pm. in the

Nowhere in the card is understanding mentioned. The introduction

of such an insidious element negatively affects attempts at Campus Center.
understanding. it may, instead, cause the very type of dissent against

which it prepares.

it adds, we believe, tension to a prison that does not require any

more bars to keep its occupants locked up.

All candidates and students are strongly urged to be present at the

Tuesday’s ASP!

rally. The list of where each person will be located will be in

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

_,)—¢s.....

 

Headline Hassle

To the Editors:

1 am writing with regard to the article on Bill
O‘Kain in your most recent issue. i realize that what
I may say may be idealistic, but nonetheless may
have some merit and worth for consideration. i felt
that the headline used had in it implied negative
(and perhaps unfair and wrong associations and
implications) concepts. The headline may have
cause in some negative prejudgement against Mr.
O’Kain.

That the candidate for mayor may be a “radical”
(as he himself states) is not my issue here. The point
is one of semantics and the concomitant “verbal
polution." With generalization, words, as with many
objects, there is the possiblity of immediate negative
or positive response or association whicii may or
may not apply to a specific party or issue at a
certain time.

This can cause much confusion, in which case
words lose their effective force, or people
bombarded incorrectly by symbols (verbal-SNCC-
N,A.'I‘.O. etc,) just forget the issue completely and
the verbal conception is rendered (null and void.)

So the points are two’ i) Mr. ()‘Kuins campaign
of reform (or just use the word- campaign~ lot the
reader decide if it is to be termed “rt-form“). i can
understand the use of terms (i.c. “radical") if your
paper is, in each of its articles, making an editorial
comment, but i feel my point is still worth thought.
2) The use of nomenclature (labelling)
unfortunately i feel we tpcople) have the tendency
to make broad swooping statements or employ
terms without much thought as to what the
statement/term may mean or result in with regard
to the context in which it is used.

indeed my statement against generalizations is a
generalization. This generalization tendency is
occuring at a time and about subjects which are out
for specific detail and definition.

This inclination is easier (loss mcntally~tnxing)
than specificity, but we may lose sight of the Central
concerns with generalizing and infer undue,
presumptuous/rind possibly invalid conclusion.

Mr. O‘Kiiin's program and candidacy is a sincere
effort but will undoubtedly be in vain. There in ii
symbolic import to his appearance on the local
policzil front.

i assume he in asking the people to wake up from
indifference which has bred political mediocrity and
stagnation. l wish a person could just be presented.

Let him have his say and then leave it up to the

listeners to decide if he is "radical" or not. (Radical
today means to many, violence and overthrow
(violently) of our government. Not all radicals may
have this philosophy » some may desire economic
means of change).

Perhaps, your headline should have read: O’Kain
runs tor Mayor and let it at that.

Thank you
HF. Olshnnsky

Biased Mann

To the Editors:

1 was enraged to see that the ASP could print
such an opinionated and bias article as Mr. Mann‘s.
He takes a small segment of the population of
Watkins Glen and a small segment of Grand Prix
drivers and suddenly-all small towns denote incest
and Grand Prix racing denotes fraticidc. What or
where is Mr. Mann's evidence" llis article fails to
convince me of either point. Admittedly my
viewpoint is narrowed by the fact that. i grow up
and graduated in Watkins Glen. The term Grand
Prix is one that has always been synomonous with
my life there. But even so my viewpoint is much
broader than Mr. Mann‘s. i know the good side of
the people in that town as well as the bad side. [am
not claiming that Watkins is an utopian paradise but
neither is it “a ruthli. ' forum for incestuous, carnal
politics, character 'l. issiniitioii etc.“ He mentioned
the regrettable incident that occured this Spring
over St'X't‘Illlt‘illltHl lint neglected to mention that
wiser lieiids prevailed and the policy toward sex
education was not changed, Unfortuniilcly Mr.
Munn finds thesi- facts loo lacking in sensation to
mention. 1 would very gladly talk With or read
another article by Mr. Mann on this subject when he
can produce more evidence tlinri jusl these shaky
gcncrulizcd statements about one incident.

 

 

1“in ll. Stage
Whitman

Irate at ‘Peace’

To whom this better concern:

l do not attend this institution of "learning," and
after i got through reading the September 30th
edition of the “Albany Student Press," l’m sure i
would never want to. What's more I would never
permit any child of mine to either. Unfortunately
my girlfriend made such a mistake.

Parts of it were fine but then came the article
titled “Peace vs US." A reading through of the lead
sentence may or may not (depending upon the
moral character of the reader) disgust, umuzc, loathe
and even depress you. it did me, and l'vc been
through it years of combat with the Marine Corps.

ll‘, personally, I could get my hands on the
element of depraved human responsible for this
filth, the problem would be solved.

Has this society become so hopelessly
entrenched, in the depths of depravity, and
neurosis, as to permit this type of garbage and
sickness to reach print in a paper circulated through
a co—educational “institution” for higher lcurning'.’

I can promise you, a copy of this story will reach
the top administrators in the state university, and if
a repetition occurs, that l behold, action will be
institued to deter future such disgraccs.

An Irate American,
Vcrnc P. Urbano

S.

 

(A SP STAFF

The Albany Studunt Press is published two times a
wuok by tho Student Association of the State University
of New York at Albany. Thu ASP editorial office is
located in room 334 of the Campus Center. This
newspaper is funded by S. A. tax. Thu ASP was founded
by the class at 1918. Tim ASP phonus am 457 2190,
2194.

lirliliii's-iri-(iliie/
Jill I’uznilr it: Ira ll’ol/rnuii

News Editor. . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . Kathy Iluscrnuii

.‘lSh‘OCiﬂfi‘ News Editor . , . . . . , . . Anilu 'l'hnycr

.Ilrls Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .I)uryl Lynne ll’irgt'r

Sports Editor , . . . . , . . . . . . . . Dunc Fink

'I' cchnicul li'dilor . . , . . . . . . . , . . .l’ul ()'llcrn
Assistant 'l‘ci'hnit’iil lu'ililor . . . , . .’l‘oin ('llngun
Photography IL'iiilor . . . . . . . . . . . Andy Ilochbcrg
liiiacncsa Manager . . . . . , . , . . . , , . (.‘hiich Ribtlh’
.Alduurliaing lllmiugirr . . . . . . . . . . .f)(illll?f Foxinun
Features Editor . . . . . . , . . . . . . . Iiurry Kirschncr

The Albany Student Press ammm no responsibility for
opinionl expressed in it: columns and communications as
such expression! do not Mommy reﬂect its views.

 

uesda . October l4, l969

 

 

 

l 00 ii iii
((tllﬂfl‘\\lllﬂll ()gdcn Reid and
Professor (-oldstciii will speak on
Vietnam on the \cadcmit‘ l’odiiiiii
lbclviccn \tlllillhll‘ill’iiili liuilding

and -\rt Building)

I ()O-l ()0 p lll.

Lecture (enter lh’ l‘ Sl’l\ \i.
ASS-Hill ()N IHP
(l'lll'ltli Ul‘ lll‘r\lll

Steve “Hillwt’il. llrl

('ohcn and Professor

i. rim is p n,

litist Icaic for liniprr “all

W p In

(ANDLH l(.lll \1\R( ll l‘l{()\l
|)R.\PlR NH! 10 llll'
(API [01 \pi-uki-n :it thi- ( .ipil.il
Ini'liidi- toiigrcwiinii “illllt‘i
lliitlon .\ilh\;lll (iniim l’\t‘l‘llli\t‘
l' ngr'nc \ii'kt-rson . Student
\lobililalion chruxciiliitiw liill
()‘hain .

 

