Awas rut-a A w A,“

prices,

 

  

CO H merit
No Requirements

Editorial

Why should a Political Science or English major be forced to take
tWeiver credits of math-science? Will the fact that he has fulﬁlled
univeristy requirements pacify the student who has not had the

opportunity to fulfill his own requirements? We think not.

The intellectuauy stimulated student is sen-motivated. He will take
courses that satisfy his intellectual desire; however, as of now, he must
also take courses that satisfy somebody else’s deﬁnition of intellectual
desirability. This student learns nothing (maybe a few facts) from
these courses. Sometimes he is so boredrthat his personal motivation is

decreased as a result.

With the coming of departmental programs university-side
requirements are no longer necessary. Departments may exempt their
majors from every requirement but the accumulation of 120 credits.

When will this universitylearn that the theory behind the necessity
for education is a theory based on individual self development and
self-help, not forced conformity for the purpose of common

knowledge.

Students forced to take poorly taught, uninteresting and irrelevant
introductory courses will not want to continue education. As a result
they cannot spend time with more mind-expanding courses. They will
know however, that the purpose of the university is to get that degree,

signifying no personal accomplishment.

Faculty too, should be freed from taking courses which are a
“source of frustration and a waste of time to themselves, departments

and students."

Students today, it was noted by Dean Morris, are entering
universities with “a level of instruction and sophistication IlOI

congruent with the level of frelrsman course offerings."

These introductory courses, however, are made the prerequisit for

more interesting upper level courses.

Exposure to alot of disciplines is important. Forced exposure
defeats its own purpose and does rrlot more harm than hood. The
student will not become self-educated if external forces continue to

pull his mind away form himself.

 

  

 

W“, ~‘———-— ——

 

 

 

      

"rm
‘ll' ' 'r r
“"936.

  
 
  
 
  

 

     

 

COMM UNI CA TIONS

MSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1969

ASP

 

  

ALBANY STUDENT

PRESS '

 

Monday:-
Presidential

Trick  _
or Treat? i

 

 

 

 

'yoi. tVt No.11

 

 

Demonstration goodness

To the Editors:

I hope that the recent orderly demonstrations for
peace by the University students of America have
opened our mind's eye to their goodness. Far too
many adults are all too content with a superficial
and shortsighted appraisal of youth. I believe that
very many of these students have a much better
grasp of the facts and chronoly of the Vietnam War
than we do as adults. I believe that they more
sharply discern the contradictory statements of our
politicians, as their past statements relate to their
present actions, or lack of actions.

Are the reasons for continuing to permit the daily
loss of lives both civilian and military valid ones? If
there are valid reasons, in what sense are these
reasons valid? Granted the premise, that human lives
everywhere on this earth are precious, let our minds
and consciences come to deal with these questions
with only two objectives. One is truth, the other is
justice. What is the truth? How do we justify the
continued killing? What “will work or will not
work" in the mind's eye of our politicians has
nothing to do with the answers to these questions.
Damn the pragmatic to hell's door! In the name of
the pragmatic we have fiddled and fussed too long!
Too long have we hidden our faces from the fact
that it is possible to know the truth! The hour is
late. We must search our souls. ’I‘ruth measures us!
Do we know that? Are we failing truth by turning
our backs, by not looking? - our fellowmen will find
it hard to forgive us. Is it possible that our students
have become more concerned with the answers to
these questions than we have as adults? Do they
have more anxiety in their hearts over these events
than we do? I am ashamed to say so but I believe
that it is true. If it is not true, than for the love of
God let us prove it!

This very week past, the names of our fellowmcu
who have lost. their lives in this still continuing
tragedy. have been echoed and ire-echoed from east
to west on the lips of our students in a personal
tribute, in a tribute to what it means to be a person.
Our dead will bless them God bless them for their
concern, for their insight-ea person is sacred to
them! You and I Mt. Citizen had better believe that
they love us. The students have given us signs. God
help us if we no longer believe in signs for while it is
forgiveable to lose one’s way v God help us if we
tear up the map.

Robert J. Moore, MD.
330 New Scotland Ave.
Albany 8, N.Y.

NDC, CYD, YD

To the Editors:

Your article on the New Democratic Coalition in
the October 21st issue of the ASP contains a great
deal of misinformation about the Young Democrats.

The first correction to be made is the distinction

between the Young Democrats and the College
Young Democrats, The College Young Democrats
(CYD) is a college group and a separate organization
from the Young Democrats (YD) which is made up
of non-college people under the age of 35. The YD's
were recently disbanded by the Democratic State
Committee.

Contrary to the information in your article the
CYD's receive no funds from the Democratic Party.
Although we are the officially recognized student
organization of the Democratic State Committee
and the Democratic National Committee, we are
provided only with office space by these groups.

Being the official student group of the
Democratic Party has not prevented the College
Young Democrats from taking positions at variance
with the Democratic Party structure. In 1966, the
College Young Democratic Clubs of America were
expelled from the Democratic National Committee
for the remainder of the Johnson Administration,
because of their strong stand against the Johnson
policies in Vietnam. At its annual convention in
June, the New York State College Young Democrats
refused to endorse the Democratic nominee, Mario
Procacino for Mayor. College Young Democrats, as
a group, have taken positions at great risk in the
past and continue to do so today.

The SUNYA College Young Democrats
appreciate the value of NDC—some of us are
members of NDC, or have worked with NBC. But
we can also see the value of CYD. Since we are the
official student organization of the Democratic
Party, the party leaders come to CYD, not to NDC,
to hear the voice of its student supporters. Indeed,
National Chairman, Sen. Fred Harris, will be
listening to the result of the National Convention of
the College Young Democratic Clubs of America to
be held in Nashville, Tennessee next week.

In short, support of NDC does not necessitate
opposition to CYD. In fact, of one supports NDC, it
is foolhardy not to support CYD, sir e CYD already
has a voice in the Democratic Party

Marcy Boyle

Regional Director, College Young Democratic Clubs
of America.

Linechecker

To the students of Albany State:

I am a lincchcckcr for the State Quad dining
hall, who has a bone to pick with 60% of you. The
new foodservicc policies are well known to all of
you and apparently disliked by most. of you,tllercin
lies my gripc.

Within the last two weeks I have witnessed the
most disgraceful behavior that I have ever seen.
No»one has deduced the fact that foodservice
policies are NOT, for emphasis NOT, decided by the
student workers. Instead they are treating us as
lowly peong who deserve Obscenities, dirty glarea,

grabbing, and shoving. The joke of lifting the
mealcard face-high and smiling stupidly and saying
“That‘s really me" loses its flavor after 200 comics.
Being branded with Obscenities can be taken only so
long. Being ignored to the point of refusing to show
mealcards, sneaking in while friends keep me busy,
etc., since it can cost a student his job, also wears
thin.

So the next time you get a “hard time" on the
line, remember how many times you and your
companions asked for it, and how long we, the
student help, refrained from giving you exactly
what your revolting behavior has so deservingly
earned you.

With disgust,
Gary Anderson

Pathos People

To the Pathos People:

To you who want me to “die and be beaten
fighting for a legitimate cause" in Washington: for
some reason you remind me of a General, calling for
troops to fight the Red Menace. Although you may
be radically opposed ldealisticnlly, you give me a
noble goal whose means are just as morally
disgusting.

Maybe the Stones preach "violent revolution,"
but they also suggest that riot and violence is
Satanically inspired. And I cannot excape the
feeling that you will watch me bleed from the
television in your room.

Michael Lippman

P STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. ’I‘hc ASP
editorial office is located in Room (iii-1 of the
Campus Center. This newspaper is funded by SA.
tax. The ASP was founded by the class of 1918.
The ASP phones are 457-2190215111.

EdifOI‘S-III'CIIIL'I

Jill Paznik & Ira Wnlfmon
News Editor . . . . . . . . Kullly Iluscniun
Associate News Editor . . . . , .Aniio 'l‘haycr
Arts Editor . . , . . . . . . . Daryl Lynne Wager
Sports Editor . , . . . . . . . . . . . . .I)uue Fink
Technical Editor . . . . , . . . . . . Pal O’Hern
Assistant Technical Editors . . . ’I‘mn Clingnn

Linda Slaszuk

. . . .Murly Beiljamin

. . . . .Chuclr Ribak
, . . . . Daniel Foxman

. . . , [lorry Kirscllner

 

Photography Editor
Business Manager . .
Advertising Manager
Features Editor . . . . . ,

The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

 

 

 

THE NARCMOBILE WAS ON CAMPUS this week hoping to educate us preventively. A typical University

   

student exits from the entrance. Education!

‘Demon of the credit hour’
hurts a student’s education

by Judy Novicky

“The key issue involved in the
question of academic freedom is
the proper relationship belwen
the disciplines and real life
experience." Benjamin De Mott,
speaking Wednesday niglll in the
first of a series of seminars
sponsored by lln.‘ English
Department. feels that llre
University community is basically
an arlifical environment which
needs to be "turned out to the
immediacy of personal
experience."

In [his way. DeMott explained.
“the lines between intellectual
growth and personal growth
would not be finely drawn."

In his lecture entitled
“Universities and Immediate
lixpcriencc," DeMott went on to
say that a University environment
in which life’s immediate

experiences are integrated with
the disciplines lends itself to a
ﬂexibility in structure.

The former faculty-student
llierarclyis broken down and an
honest discourse rlevelopes among
faculty and sludcnls. “The
fundamentals of these two forces
come out in the open.“

DeMott feels that the “demon
of the credit hour and course
requirement" removes education
from the realm of personal
experiences.

He cited the document
comprised by the Columbia
faculty in the wake of student
unrest last spring as an
unfortunate effect of this barrier
between faculty and students. He
urged an attitude of
“open-mindedness,“
“exploration.” and “possibility”
on the parl of faculty members.

“No faculty proclamation

Conservatives call for
end of mandatory tax

by Glenn Newman

The Young f'onservalives (K rb
began circulnlrng petitions calling
1'or('enlral (‘ouncil to hold :1 new
referendum regarding the issue of
the mandatory student lax.

'l‘hcy contend that there are
muncrous reasons for reviewingI
the mandatory lrrx policy. One
major reason is the use of Ihc lrrx
money for It'llltll of buses to lake

BE IMPOR TA NT

Personnel Policies (‘ouncil of
the University Senate slill
desperately needs student
representation so that il may
function with a full range of
views. Among the general topics
under discussion are academic
freedom, professional ethics,
faculty economic and professional
welfare, and the handling of
general faculty funds. If you are
interested please contact Terry
Mathias in CC 346.

people to the peace rally in
Washington on November 14.

Other points mentioned were
that since the tax was made
mandatory there have been no
significant reductions in prices at
concerts or in the tax itself as
were promisctl. They also
maintain that there has been no
increase in activities provided by
the Student Association,

The (‘onservatrvcs feel that
because of the closeness of last
year's referendum and the small
response to it (563-507 out of a
student body of over 10,000)
Central (‘onncil should reopen the
question to further debate.

Petitions will be available on
dinner lilies and a table will be set
up in the (‘C Lobby.

The petition reads:

We the undersigned hereby
petition Central Council for a new
referendum to be held regarding
the issue of a mandatory student
tax.

--‘potskowski

should bless pedagogical
orthodoxy as the Holy Stone of
academic freedom.”

DeMott went on to say that a
faculty which takes this united
stand, as Columbia has done, is
insisting on an absolute barrier
not only between faculty and
students but also between the
disciplines and immediate
experience.

Insistence on this barrier “leads
to a lock on the viability of a
University." DeMott feels that a
document of this kind is an
attempt “to keep experince off
the campus."

Mr. DeMott is a Professor of
English at Amherst College. He
has written two novels, THE
BODY’S (‘AGE and A MARRIED
VIAN. He has also written three
collections of essays: l'lELLS &
BENEFITS, YOU DON’T SAY,
and his latesl publication,
SUPERGROW.

 

THE LIFE AND LAUGHTER OF CHILDREN was brought to campus by Greeks last night when they

State University of N9. Yorh at Albany

SMC: strike, march

and war referendum

 

by Roy Lewis

November anti-war activities
and defense recruitment on
campus were two of the topics
discussed at a lengthy meeting
Wednesday evening of the Student
Mobilization Committee.

William O’Kain opened the
meeting by reading a newsletter in
which the official position of
S.M.C. on the Vietnam war was
slated. Basically S.M.C. calls for a
total withdrawal of US. troops
from Vietnam now as well as the
immediate termination of US.
support for the Saigon regieme. It
was emphasized that this position
is considerably different from the
Young Socialists’ position of
“cease-fire now."

Discussion ensued on a recent
ASP article dealing with Defense
Department funded research on
Campus. While the majority
seemed opposed to the presence
of these monies on Campus,
several members of S.M.C. made
the point that Defense
Department funds are not solely
employed for military purposes.

O’Kain then called for a group
of volunteers to probe the exact
nature and amounts of these
contracts for further discussion at
the next meeting. He reminded
S.M.C. members that one of the
established policies of S.M.C. is
"no war-machinery on Campus."

The possiblity of a S.M.C.
sponsored university-wide
referendum on Vietnam and
on-(‘ampus military recruitment
was also considered. O’Kain cited
a recent outcome of such a
referendum at Harper University
’(SUNY.' at Binghamton).
Apparently the overwhelming
majority of students there agreed
for an end to the Vietnam war as
well as an end to defense and
defense afﬁliated recruitment on
campus.

The Student Government at
Binlramton has threatened to
close the University if University
ofﬁcials do not abide by the will
of the students. O’Kain proposed
to intoduce that same referendum

sponsored a Halloween Party for youngsters from the city.

friday. October 31. I969

here and to coordinate activities
with Buffalo State, Harpur and
Stony Brook in order to achieve
state-wide action.

The final order of business for
S.M.C. concerned their student
strike on November 13th and
14th. There was considerable
dissension on the exact nature of
this strike with the ultimate
result being a motion calling for
Thursday, November 13th to be
reserved for further study and
Friday, November 14th, to entail
Campus action. The motion
carried.

Possibilities of community
action such as door-to-door
campaigns, leaﬂet hand-outs and
S.M.C. collaboration with G.E.
workers were also discussed. Two
committees were formed to
investigate possible activities for
both days.

Dave Mathews, upstate regional
traveler of Rym II of S.D.S. also
addressed the group.

Five French

Scholarships

Five scholarships of $1000 each
are available to students applying
lo the Institute for American
Universities for an academic year
at Aix-en-Provence, in southern
France. The Institue, chartered by
the University of the State of New
York, and under the auspices of
the University of Aix-Marseilie,
founded in 1409, is designed for
American undergraduates who
wish to study abroad and have
credit transferred to their home
universities.

In addition to the above
awards, 25 tuition grants and a
French Government scholarship
of over $1000 reserved for French
majors, are awarded each year.

Applications should be made
by airmail directly to: The
Director, Institute for American
Universities, 2 bis, rue du
Hon-Pasteur, 13 - Aix-en-Pro-
vence.

   
   

---hoch hem

 

