  
    
     
  

H, ,..‘,,\,-.,,. .. /‘\.V.-./~‘i/\W

._ A..- v .nssh-aﬂcr H-.. .c,..., a, cad, . .\

. g, \_~.vW‘V-..Mwww,~..- - ~A.-.VV~. AAA” A-

i

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  

  

r-

 sjrunaivr mass

efﬁt‘ss 9537

 

 

   
   

indent Comment

A commentary on marijuana
by Gary Wilson, a medical
student.

 

 
 

Many individuals have hailed
the research of Weil,Zinberg and
Nelsen for providing scientific
data on marihuana. However,
individuals have attempted to
draw inferences from this research
and apply them to the general
population of marihuana users.
These attempts to apply the
research findings to marihuana
users in general produces
erroneous extrapolations.

First, the research was
conducted to collect data on the
pharmacological aspects of
marihuana. It was not undertaken
to establish or refute popularly
held concepts pertaining to
marihunana. Secondly, allsubjects
employed by the experimenters
were thoroughly psychologically
screened. To say the least, this use
of screened subjects is not a
random sample of those
individuals who are marihuana
users. Consequently, the data
collected may be biased and to
draw inferences from this research
and apply them to the population
of marihuana users would be a
grave error.

In addition to employing
psychologically screened subjects,
the laboratory environment in
which the research was -- J ‘ J

s'tryclininc for purposes of suicide,
it is nearly impossible to detect a
residue in the body. or any gross
morphological change, at the time
of autopsy.

It is known that when anything
(even food) is induced into an
organism systematically that some
physiological change occurs.
Whether the change is detrimental
or not is another question. In
regards to marihuana, the research
of Weil, Zinberg and Nelson
attempted to explore the
pharmacological action of
marihuana. Actually, their
research provides little data on
situations external to neutral
laboratory settings.

 

1  

BACKGROUND

in Man."

 

item an article by Wall, Zinberg,
and Nelson entitled "Clinical and
i Pschologlcal Eiiects of Marijuana

One oi the aspects oi the Social Confrontation Commlttes Is the
mud" A I °' m. I. . ' - ' r on the sublaci of
drug use and sbuse. Presented today are a series of critiques 0,,
"clinical and Psychological Eiiects oi Marlhusno In Man," and an
abstract of the article itseli. ,

Speaking for the rest oi the committee I would like to invite all oi
you to send me your crltlclsm oi these presentations. and a"
suggestions that you would like to make toward the continuation oi
the idea oi a press iorum arrangement.

 

 

experimentation.
and conclude that "...valid basic

problems for their basic study

and to choose for measurement

smoking rather than ingestion; 2) to assay the potencies of different samples of marijuana both che
by spectorphotometer and humanly by the rating of chronic users; 3) to establish negative control by
use of inert as well as intoxicating cigarettes; 4) to select psychological tests previously used to QV'iiu‘i
other psychoactive drugs in order to measure the ‘ " ' , .. , " ' ,,' ' ' L' z I d C
attention, cognitive function, mood, muscular coordination and attention, and the ability to judge time

Send all Ideas to Jim Smell, CB 02042, vla Campus Mail.

The experiments described in this report took place in the Behavioral Pharmacology Laboratory of
Boston University School of Medicine and the Boston University School of Medicine in the spring of mag
The object of the investigation was the collection of pharmacological data based on controlled I ' '

aborii tory

The authors review previous studies of the physiological and psychological effect of marijuana on ma“

research on marijuana is almost nonexistent." (p. 1235) The authors real

that this can be related to a number of general problems facing the researcher and proceed to resolve these

by the following decisions: 1) to administer marijuana to humans by
miuilly
the
"_, for sustained

the following physiological responses: heart rate, respiratory rate, pupii

size, conjunctival appearance, and blood sugar; 5) to control “set” and “setting” where “set” refers to -
subject’s psychological expectations and "setting" refers to the total environment in which the l d
‘ taken; 6) to protect their subjects' welfare medically, ethically and legally.

The subjects were two groups of healthy male volunteers 21 to 26 years of age of whom 6 were chronic
users and 9 had never tried marijuana but smoked tobacco cigarettes regularly. Subjects werc informed that
they would be “expected to smoke cigarettes containing marijuana or an inert substance." (p. 1236)

Following a detailed discussion of the results, the authors state their conclusions:

drug is

1) It is feasible and safe to study the effects of marijuana on human volunteers who. smoke it in a

laboratory.

2) In a neutral setting persons who are naive to marijuana do not have strong subjective experiences tiller
smoking low or high doses of the drug, and the effects they do report are not the same as those described
by regular users of marijuana who take the drug in the same neutral setting. '

3) Marijuana-naive persons

do demonstrate impaired performance on simple intellectual and

psychomotor tests after smoking marijuana; the impairment is dose-related in some cases.
4) Regular users of marijuana do get high after smoking marijuana in a neutral setting but do not show

the same degree of impairment

of performance on the tests as do naive subjects. In some cases, lilt‘ll‘

performance even appears to improve slightly after smoking marijuana.
5) Marijuana increases heart rate moderately.
6) No change in respiratory rate follows adminstration of marijuana by inhalation.
7) No change in pupil size occurs in short term exposure to marijuana.
8) Marijuana administration cause dilatation of conjunctival blood vessels.
9) Marijuana treatment produces no change in blood sugar levels.

10) In a neautral setting the ph

ysiological and psychological effects of a single, inhaled dose of marijuana

appear to reach maximum intensity within one-half hour of inhalation, to be diminished after 1 hour, ilnti

to be completely "'

 

' by 3 hours.

 

Sociological
Perspective

Louis Lieberman, a member of
the sociology department,
comments on marijuana. _

 

 

 

opponents of our present punit
possession. This is not to deny th

Although the researchers are to
be commended for their impartial
and reasonable approach to the
effects of marihuana use, they

have not contributed to the
resolution of the marijuana
controversy. None of their

conclusions will sway advocates or
we policy concerning marijuana
e importance of such research for

psychophurmacology but to recognize, however regretfully, that such
research probably cannot proved the persuasive evidence on what is
fundamentally a moral issue. We have socially defined marijuana use
as “bad”, thereby justifying the harsh laws for possession. These laws
were. not originally based on psychopharmacological effects of
marijuana but on some social myths: a) marijuana use leads to heroin

addiction, b) marijuana use leads to
to the loss of values and aspirations.
Oncc lawmakers have enacted

a life of sin, c) marijuana use leads

liiws, it seems they get overly

cautious about removing them--witness the many laws in the US.

a ' " g the L “ sexual " " ,' . of married couples. Now that
the social myths surrounding marijuana use cannot be maintained in; II
rationale, we have employed new argumentation to justify our laws:
a) marijuana use may lead to a condition of psychological uht‘l‘rtltllin,
b) marijuana use may cause temporary visual distortion. 0) milrillld'iil
use may damage the fetus in the first few weeks of pregnancy. ill
marijuana use may result in a form of “drunken” driving.

Unfortunately. these arguments are, to varying degrees true llllli not
the fabrication of moralists who are anti-pleasure. They tli't' iinfuir
arguments in the sense that the same statements may be mitfil' lllmlll
hundreds ofjethical pharmaceuticals which we find in our own
medicine cabinets; recommended to us by our physicians or dispi-nwil
in college infirmaries, as well as other drugs which we may buy
without prescriptions.

The issue, therefore, is not one to be resolved by research (we lxiiu“
that the cold tablets we buy can be harmful and dangerousuil all)“ m
on the label). It is rather the moral issue of the rigth of a fi-i-v ('Ill/l'il
an‘adult, to purchase a product which he feels is lJciu-l‘ii-inl in
satisfying to him-~after proper education and Caveat Emptor, lnr ll
cigarettes, alcohol, high chloresterol cheese, or marijuana. lll'llil n.»
should not be confused with drug abuse.

 

is not indicative of the
environment in which most
marihuana is consumed. This
study was undertaken in a neutral
laboratory setting where

extraneous variables were
controlled. Thusly, all social
environmental factors were

eliminated. Again, it would be
erroneous to draw inferences and
apply them to the general
population of marihuana users
because the neutral laboratory
setting is entirely alien to the
“marihuana environment."

From the data collected in this
neutral setting, the experimenters
concluded that for both the naive
and regular marihuana user there
was some impairment of simple
intellectual and psychomotor
tasks. Also, minimum
physiological effects were noted
by the experimenters. Perhaps the
research that no great
psychologicul-phyaiological
dysfunction occurs from smoking
marihuana, Nevertheless, more
research should be carried out to
ascertaine the effects of prolonged
psychological or physiological
changes that we are not aware of,
and that these hypothetical
changes could have a tremendous
impact on the human organism in
later lifc.

At this point a question arises.
Does one have to demonstrate
explicitly some gross
morphological change such as a
horrendous purple hemorrhage in
the cortical tissue of the brain to
designate a substance as toxic
and/or lethal? Certainly this is not
the case with the extremely lethal
and toxic compound strychinine.
When an individual ingests

  

 

Medical
View
Dr. Janet Hood, Director of

Health Service comments on mar-
ljuana.

 

 

 

The authors' ﬁrst conclusion,

something, did they?)
While it is inevitable that more

The controlled “neutral”
such a study with the large
somewhat less than helpful to
does to people.

Electroencephalographic chan

that it is “feasible and safe to stud th '
laboratory“ may not necessarily prove valid if on their six month follli 0 cm“
declaring themselves to be “dependent”

work will be done on the h ' I '~
exactly .Whilf. Cnnnibis product is being studied is mandatory!) ysm 0g“
Boyd wtth synthetics and by Adams working with TCH dcrivativ
early as 1944. The study by Williams showing what can happen to indivi

lsbﬁll's studies on TCIl need expansion also.
ctually, the longest clinical trial of tiny drui subst I ' '
man-years has been going on and recorded, albcii crudcllllr/lfiziii‘dleown to man (With “‘0 p055'blc exception 0f DiCOhOI) inVUIVinl! ""“"‘"

2700 8.0.! And people must by now recognize that not cvc

who eats a lethal amount of aspirin

experiment when he learned what
Health Service, that certain individ

such individuals that they are not truly "addicted," but the
off. My whole life revolves around the stuff." Experience
reactions. Unfortunately, too, some “pot” is laced with hall

what has been absorbed.

“better than alcohol," “no worse

surprisng willingness to stick anything in their mouths when t
tested food item or new pharmaceutical, their eagerness to s

laws need modification and that marijuana needs to be placed legally when, it is pluced pharmacologicuuy),

t onl th “ "
hungups," and sole possessor of the li'utl: pm “maker can be u "my

for "pot" has been demonstrable in 4669 years.

ARTHUR R. KAPNER

their vagabondism; and most serious of all thel " ‘
beautiful, “liberated” man, free of “ ’ I “new, bell“ ma

In fact, no medical use or excuse

State I
Types

Your
Writes All

 

uals become "addicted"

than tobacco”--iis if 3

nsurance Man

0! insurance
Niece 434-4687 __

setting and the use of
proportion of subjecti
those who would If

I gcs and mor holo ic ' '
may be of greater interest. I doubt if tilie ziufhoi-ly'ldl
demonstrating elevated blood sugars and
as well as the dilation of conjunctiva] vcss

on marijuana despite the careful

b (ilnarijlunna was first allude
‘ ry o y w to puffs on mariju'in
or the child who devclo s - - ‘ x ‘
tenement. On the other hand, experience p ovuwm'mmg IL

(such as Hiishis) has negative influence
as part of their attempt to develop as H nation. It was into

.(cxclusivc of folklore) has demonstrated over
s sociologically. India. where Ciinnibis has been p

. resting to note that the
was involved. Medical experience has shown, and
oven to weaker American-l
y tell us that they “don't on
also shows that occasional s '

‘ mokera of American “
ucmogcns or other drugs so neither the

of greatest concern to the physicians working with young

, l . . . .
users of evan weak American “pot”~-thc lengths to which iliepcop e} howevu' (m- m

y will go todefendand maintain their habit'
wrongs could make it riiht if 2 ' ‘ .'
heﬁ’d be the first to L ’doan l' we"
as pot legalized (most agree that the present

psychiatrically screened volunteers immcdiuii-ly ri-nili-r.»
lye data adduced under rather “in vitro" Cli’t'lllilslzllli'i's.
e to know what the repeated social smoking of "pa!"

ngs'which current studies are designed in uhuw.
findings are sufficient to refute earlii-r simian

Pufﬁn“)! Changes while they concur on heart and respiratory mm

els.
ts, of marijuana on known volunteers who smukt' in -i
W‘UP they {Hid they have one or two habitual users in ii)“ lll‘Wl’
bcrcenlng- (Surely the authors did not expect them to (flili\'lll.-l‘ m

and pharmacologic effects of marijuana (and absolute tlcl'iiiiiiiii. ..i

intcrcsting work on. animals has already been reported by DilglnlililllJLl :i ll
es. Acute phys'iologic effects were reported on in some depth by Allonim .. .

duals with prolonged use cannot be minimized but needs “xiii”!  ‘li

d to in Emperor Chen Nung's herbal Inn-l. .n... .i
. , u H few times is doomed to eternity like illl' minu
11d potsoning from chewing paint off the windowaill in .‘illlilt’ on:
“I‘d Over again that the chronic user of siting (‘rlllllliilk
art or the culture for “Sex. is now trying it) get, iiii ill ii
India" Villuntccr was the only one to bow out .il iii.‘
we cu" document this rils’ht here in our own Slum-iii
YPL‘ marijuana in their own view. We need to www.-
’9 What the hell you doctors call it, I want out. | mnl
Pot" may suffer ill‘llil' pom.-
User nor the physician can he I‘I'fltllil «ll

subtle personality changes that occur in many Chum“
the illogical arguments they l“"""'“‘

9 am-l pm Friday

 

  

Saturday
thru Thursday
9 am-4i30

 

 

7 mm ,MARCH 14, mg
.‘ . \

PETE SEEGER

Photo by Benjamin

The Cultural Events of Special
Events Board in collaboration
with the Russian Club presents

“The Russian Week ," March
18-2 1 . .
Mrs. Lois Gregll. Associate

Dean of Students, will speak on

Folk artist, Raun MacKinnon
will perform for the Coffee House
Circuit starting March 1'7.

An outspoken individual in
every sense of the word, Miss
MacKinnon “never wears a watch
on stage, is extremely fond of
murder mysteries, hates Muzak,
and admires the current
generation for laying their heads
on the line in rebelling against thc
establishment.”

Composer of most of her own
material including ballads, pure

Albany to host
‘Protest in Arts’

Convocation

The University will host the
Student Convocation in the Arts,
a weekend of presentations
focusing on the theme “Protest in
the Arts.” This will take place the
weekend of May 2.

From among the several state
units which applied to host a
convocation, Albany is one of the
two which will hold such an
event, sponsored locally by the
Community Programming
Commission.

Protest has become, in this
decade, a major focal point of the
American society. Originating
from the college campus, the
theme of protest found its way
carly into all forms of art. The
protest in the arts is a revolution
against the denial in society of
evils and goods.

The weekend will include
presentations in the forms
experimental theatre, fashions of
protest, dissent in the mass media,
protest in music, revolutions in
photography, and multimedia.

This concept of a Protest in the
Arts weekend is unique to college
campuses and should prove to be
an unforgettable experience of the
campus and the Albany area.
More news on this to come. For
further information, contact
Chairman, Eileen Deming, 4007.

 

z, .

PETE SEEGER GAVE a vigorous and inspiring perfomiance

 
  

Wednesday night to an enthusiastic audience. The proceeds from the
concert will go to his “Clear Up the Hudson River project."

“Youth and Education in the
Soviet Union” on March 18 at
3:00 in the Assembly Hall.
Refreshments will be served at
this slide-lecture.

“An Evening of Russian Folk
Culture" will be presented by the

Coffee House sponsors
outspoken folk artist

folk, spirituals, pop rock sound,
she feels at home in the warm
a. nosphere of a coffee-house. She
says these college circuits provide
"board, lodging, modest salaries, a
chance to work a lot, and the
possibility of becoming
well-known."

Her special brand of music is
becoming known across the
country-from the ice House in
Pasadena, to the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, the Cellar door in
Washington, and the Gaslight and
Bitter End in New York City.

She will appear in the campus
center cafeteria March 17-22.

There will be two shows nightly
Mon-Thurs. at 8 and 9 :30 pm and
three shows nightly on Fri and Sat
at 8,9230 and 11 pm.

  

4749 GRAND ST. «ALBANY

PAL JOEY (mi)
UNFAIR TO
PROTESTERS
THERE'S NOTHING
TO PROTEST
ABOUT” Good
food-fine pizza
Big-big ounces in
drinks, intimate
atmosphere
...Rooj doesn‘t
even lealil

   
 

    
   
   
   
     
       
   
       

Directitii'is: Down
MadisonmAve. to
Grand Street. tum
left to Pal.le-

sas ’ u ALL
SOON.

Russian Week: March 18-21;
lectures, dancing, exhibits

Russian Club on March 18 at 8:00
in the Assembly Hall. Russian folk
dancing, music, and exhibits are
on the agenda for that evening.

The film "The House I Live
In," sponsored by the Russian
Club, will be shown on March 19
at 7 :30 in the Assembly Hall.

Dr. Marc Raeff, Profcssor of
Rumian history at Columbia
University, will speak on
“Imperial Russia from Peter to
Nicholas: An Interpretation" on
March 20 at 3:15 in Social

S ' 266. .
CIDilfeClara Tucker of the History

Department, a Russian history
specialist, will speak on
“Impressions of the Soviet
Union" on March 20 at 8:15 in
the Assembly Hall.

Noted Russian Historian, Dr.
Warren Walsh, currently Chairman
of the History Department at
Syracuse University, will speak on
“The Bolshcvik Revolution
50 Years Later: A New
Interpretation" on March 21 at
8:00 in the Ballroom.

‘ feet,

iiy Alan Lasker

World famous folk musician of
New York City origin, Pete
Seeger, ‘ appeared in concert .
strumming his banjo, stamping his
clapping his hands, and
singing out his tunes to a purely
Seeger audience last Wednesday
night in the University
gymnasium.

The powerful spirit that Mr.
Seeger generates wherever he
preforms was evident, for before
he could even reach the platform,
applause clammered within the
gymnasium. '

Beginning with “Cripple
Creek," an instrumental featuring
his loon'necked five string banjo,
which by the way is the “Pete
Seeger trademark," Pete
continued to command the
attention of his audience as he
sang “Blue Mountain Lake," “My
Dirty Little. Stream," and “Both
Sides Now."

Following these few selections
Mr. Seeger relinquished the
platform to the many friends that
had accompanied him. Tom
Winslow, a local preacher sang a
few selections which included,

“There is a Bright Side
Somewhere.” Appearing along
with Tom Winslow, Sterling ‘

Pierce, Bill Spence, The Gary
Owen Singers, and members of
the “Pickin‘ Singin’ Gatherin’
Group" performed.

By the time these other
performers had finished, a wave of
impatience could be felt among
the audience; the people had
come to hear Pete Seeger, not to
witness a talent show. It wasn’t
that the other performers weren’t
good, it was just that the audience.
had come to see Pete Seeger and
they wanted him to perform more
than he had up to this point.

In a few secondsthe situation
was alleviated: Pete grabbed hold
of his guitar, gained position
before the microphone and wailed
out “It Takes A Worried Man."
Members of the audience joined in
and once again the Seeger-spirit
was evident.

Along with his equality
selection "Little Boxes," a medley
followed, which included “God

.     
with .. enthusiasm 

Bless the Gram" this song
metaphorically told us that the
truth will push its way through
the lies that may cover it, just as
the grass pushes its way through
the ‘ black , top. “70" Mllesﬁ’ a
selection dealing with the San
Francisco Bay "garbage" problem
ended thermedley. .

Pete also sang an anti-wsr‘chant
entitled “Bring 'em Home." This
song brought on exhuberant
audience participation. 1

Pete’s intent ‘on closing the
concert with “This Land" was
shattered as he returned to sing
another tune following his two
minute standing ovation. The
entire audience decided that this
still wasn‘t enough and Pete
Seeger returned to do another
encore.

The primary reason that Pete
Seeger came to the Univeristy lies
in the fact that he wished to
inform his audience of his “Clear
Up the Hudson River project."
His selection “Sailing Down My
Dirty Little Stream" depicts the
situation nicely. The money
netted from the concert will be
used to further his plans. If
anyone is interested injoiriinghis
war on dirty waters, they asked to
call 462-0243.

Pete Seeger has not only
revived many of the old time
songs, but has also written many
new ones as well; among the many
he has authored or co-authored
are "Turn, turn, turn," “Kisses
Sweeter than Wine," “Where Have
all the Flowers Gone?," and “If I
Had A Hammer."

Witnessing Pete Seeger in action
enables a person to see a devoted,
hard-working and respected man.
Hehas become known across the
world by the various songbooks
and folk music magazines he has
edited, by his more than sixty
LP's and by the many films with
background music self-composed.
Pete Seeger has become a legend
in his own time.

NOTICE

The Bucklnghams will appear in
concert Friday, March 21 at 8 pm
in Siena's Gibbons Hall.

Tickets are $3 and may be
purchased at the Newman Center

 

 

 

Academic

2. Peimaieiit address

 

i. Name [ﬁrst and last)

3. Degree being received

STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE
ATTENTHGN

For Graduation

Orders will be taken at the Bookstore for the rentd of caps, gowns,
and hoods between MARCH l7 and APRIL 15. 1969 ONLY ! The Bookstore
WILL NOT HANDLE any orders after April 15.

Regalia

INFORMATION REQUIRED

The following information is essential:
4. Total height [in heels]
5. Chest size [or weight]

6. Cap size [or head circumference
taken level I" drive the ears.)

Please specify what part of the regalia you wish to order. _
candidates wear only a can and gown; Master and Doctoral candidates
wear a cap, gown, and hood.
Regalia will be distributed during the week of mu. 1969. Regalia can
be picked up at the Bowling lanes. Regain must be returned to the pick
up site before 1:30 pm Sunday, lune 8, less . Regalia must be refused
iii the isntal box or there will be a ti allege.

_ We medals your convention In making this you palatial.

Bachelor

 

 

   
  

 
 

    

  
     
    
    
  
 

     
 

       
 
    
   
   
   
 
      
  

 
 

...,»l»_,..«,.-r.,m. --.

    

.0,

     
  
 

  

    
       

   
   

       
    
     
     
 
     
    
    
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
   

