 

 

 

, PAGE 6,

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Contemporary Music Festival
shows innovative techniques

Next Tuesday will see the start
of one of the most exciting
musical events Ito hit Albany State
in many years. The first Festival
of Contemporary Music,
sponsored by Music Council, will
be held from Tuesday, November
I] through Saturday November
15, and will feature as
comprehensive a cross-section of
the Avant-Garde, as can be
obtained anywhere on this
continent.

Some of the leading ﬁgures of'
the American Avant-Garde will be
on campus for the event, and
many of the leading European
figures will be represented on the
programs. Several of the leading
new groups performing live
electronic music will also be on
campus for the event.

The festival, which will run-for
five days, and as many concerts,
will start off on Tuesday
November 11 with a performance
of John Cage’s “Music for
Carillon" on the University
Carillon at 8:00 pm. Drew
Hartzell will be the carillonneur.

Later that evening, at 8:30 in
the Main Theater of the
Performing Arts Center, John
Eaton will present a concert on
the SYNKET, a new, unique,
completely electronic synthesizer
specially designed for live
performance. Unlike most
electronic synthesizers which
require much time in
programming, the synket is a
specially engineered instrument
which eliminates much of this
complex programming.

On Wednesday, November 12,
the Sonic Arts Group, one of the
new groups which performs
electronic music and does
intermedia, will perform on the
main stage of the Performing Arts
Center. The group, consisting of
Alvin Lucier, Robert Ashley,
Gordon Mumma and David
Behnnan, does some very odd

things. For instance, one of the

j Washington

pieces performed will be Ashley’s
‘Orange Desert" for two girls,
lights, and loudspeakers.

On Thursday, November 13,
the Instrumental Avant-Garde will
be given the spotlight. Janet
Steele, soprano; the American
String Trio; and various university
faculty and music students will be

rforming works by Arnold

choenberg, Lawrence Moss,
Milton Babbit, Elliott Carter, J.
Richard Ronsheirn, Harley Gaber,
and Guiseppi Englert.

On Friday, a real spectacular
will be held in the interrnedia and
tape show. A visual collage by
William Albright, “TIC,” will be
performed by an Albany State
group. From the University of
Illinois, Salvatore Martirano will
be performing “L's G.A.," a piece
for gas-masked politician, helium
bomb and sounds. Franklin
Morris' “America’s Finest Hour,"
will also be performed, along with
tape pieces by two of the leading

European AvantGardists, Iannis
Xenakis and Karlheinz
Stockhausen. ‘

On Saturday night, the Festival
will close with a performance by
the Creative Associates, a group
based in Buffalo, and headed by
Lukas Foss and Lejaren Hiller.
Featured performance of that
evening will be a piece of Hiller’s
called “Avalanche for Pitchman,
Prima Donna, Player Piano,
Prerecordedf Playback and
Percussion."

Tickets for all events will be
Student Tax or $l.Tickets will be
available the night of the

erformance, or may be reserved

by calling 457-4879 any Weekday
between 1 pm. and 2 p.m. For
faculty, tickets will be $2, and
members of the community may
obtain tickets for $3. For all live
concerts, a special festival ticket
will be sold for $5, obtainable the
ﬁrst night of the series.

Capitol Hill choristers
plan Mozart program

Myron Taylor, associate
professor of English at SUNYA,
will appear as tenor soloist with
the Capitol Hill Choral Society on
Friday November 7, I969, at the
Cathedral of Immaculate
Conception in Albany. Included
on the program will be
performances ofthe Mozart
“Requiem” and Mozart’s “Missa
Brevis in D major."

This is Mr. Taylor's first year
on the staff at SUNYA, having
previously taught at Millikin
University and Southern Illinois
University. Mr. Taylor studied
music at the Bruce Foote
University of Illinois and at the
Kroeger School of Music in St.
Louis.

This will be Mr. Taylor's first

appearance as soloist with tht
Capitol Hill Choral Society.
Previous solo work includes solos
with the Millikin University Choir,
the Decatur Community Choir,
and the St. Cecilia Festival Chorus
of St. Louis, Missouri.

The November 7 concert will
be at 8:30 pm. The Cathedral of
Immaculate Conception is located
on Eagle Street at Madison
Avenue in Albany. Student
discount tickets will be available
at the door.

Other soloists besides Taylor
will include: Patricia Danzig,
soprano; Majorie Fuller, contralto;
Gary Aldrich, bass; and Willie
Drake,bass.

The ISO-voice chorus will be
under the direction of Judson
,.

Trip

Be at front circle

between Col. & State st.
at 9.30 pm. Fri., Nov. 14

you must have a ticket, identiﬁcation, 8. a completed waiver
in order to board bus {waivers available at c C info desk]

Food won‘t be available in Washington, so bring non-perishable tood

it's very cold 8. wet in Washington so bring warm clothing

Bring extra $

’Ilusm's lr'rrr'r' Washington

a! [1:00 I).rn. 5411.,

lir'kctholdcrs

must return

to Albany on lmsiws.

 

 

 

.a

“A LEAP 0F FAITH: ISRAELI ART I969" is on exhibit In tI
SUNYA Art Gallery through November 23.

---beniam!r

Young “tube” watchers
unresponsive to NETV

A child who sits down to watch
television is more anxious to be
amused and entertained than to
be educated, according to TV
Guide Magazine.

“Given a choice betweenBugs
Bunny and Misterogers, children
will watch Bugs Bunny. They
don‘t yet have the critical ability
to make judgments about which
shows are better," Paul Taff,
director of children’s
programming for National

Art gallery

offers tour

The State University at Albany
will have an Art Gallery tour on
Monday, November 10, at 2 pm.
The tour, led by Professor Donald
Mochon and Mrs. Charles Liddlc,
will feature two current exhibits.

One of these is “A Leap of
Faith: Israeli Art 1969,“ which is
a collection of contemporary
paintings and sculpture assembled
by Professor Mochon and Mrs.
Bertha Urdang, director of the
Rina Gallery in Jerusalem. The
second collection is a one-man
show of prints and drawings by
Mrs. Margaret Davies.

Professor Mochon, who is the
director of the art gallery at
Albany State notes that the tour
is free of charge and open to the
public.

Mrs. Liddlc is the associate
director of the gallery and can bc
contacted for further information
at 457-3375.

Education Television told the
magazine.

Viewers in the 2-to ll-year age
span generally don't differentiate
between learning and
entertainment. Yet youthful
American viewers have a
surprisingly healthy appetite for
many of the so-called adult series.

“A glance at the viewing habits
of 2- to 11-year olds during one
recent four-month period (Sept.
‘68-.lan. '69) reveals that the
best-watched program (out of Zl l
prime-time specials and regular
series surveyed) was an animated
version of ‘Rudolph the
Red-nosed Reindeer,’ followed by
a pair of Peanuts specials, ‘Ilow
the Grinch Stole Christrnas’ and
the live-action program ‘llcidi.’

“Surprisingly hiin on the list
(ninth and tenth places) was a pair
of adult series, ‘Bewitched' and
‘Gomer I’yle.‘ And further along
(but still in the top 20) were a
National Geographic special on
reptiles, ‘Rowan and Martin,‘
‘Jrrlirr,’ ‘The Ghost and Mrs. Muir'
and ‘The Flying Nun,"’ the
magazine said.

Observers of new children's fare
for the I969-70 season agree that
network TV programmers are
res onding moderately “to
wi csprcad fears that the
depiction ofviolcrrce on television
might be contributing to

anitsocial behavior among llrc
young. The Saturday morning
programs are noticeably ‘softer‘ in
their handling of action, and there
are considerably fewer Westerns
and adventure series in prime
time," the magazine said.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, I969

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

visitations

by the Women‘s Liberation Front

 

 

 

 

7:30 PM
Indian Movie

LC l8

 

8th Nov. 1969

AULAD

English Subtitled

Admission $|.25. with tax card 3,25

Itol’r'm-rli menu-i HUI' you

 

 

 

What is women‘s liberation?...something to laugh
about?...sex?...Mark Rudd’s body guards? It's a subject much in the
air about now. There's a lot of talk about it on this campus but little
is being done. Girls are interested, but what will their boy friends
think? And it seems so difficult to get to meetings. So a movement
that is involving women all across the country, yound and old,
students and working women, young mothers and the not yet
liberated hip “chicks” has no voice on this campus.

Last year a small group of women met on and off around the issues
of birth control and abortion. Discussions broadened to include the
possibility ofa day care center on campus, the attitude of some of the
Inﬁrmary staff toward its female patients, the double standard still
prevalent on the campus scene, roles for women beyond the campus,
and the relevance of the present educational system to women

students.

The main reason the women continued to meet, however, was that
they found talking to other women about important issues affecting
their lieves, in a situation where they could talk freely, without a
sense oof competing against each other, a rewarding experience. Thai
women can be friends and comrades, can really talk to each other
seriously, is a fact we’ve been educated against recognizing.

A couple of these women, plus a number of women from the
Albany, Schenectady, and Troy area continued to meet, on a different
basis, throughout the summer. In a Project free school class, these
women discussed Eleanor Flexnor’s book on the history of the
women’s movement,A Century of Struggle, Margaret Mead‘s Male and
Female and several other readings dealing with different prospectives
on the problems women have in this society. Everyone realized that
serious reading and discussion was just beginning. But it was, for

some, a beginning.

These meetings held last year on campus and last summer at the
free school class need to be continued - on a much broader basis.
There are plans by Capital District women to have programs that will
reach out to all women in the tri-citics area. There will be smaller
discussion groups in both Troy and Schenectady for students as well
as off-campus women. And, in Albany, women should be involved in
discussion groups both on campuses and in the community.

And returning specifically to the SUNYA campus - there is much to
be done. The main emphasis, at this point, should be on educating
both the men and women on this campus about the particular
oppression of women and how that oppression is related to this
oppressive society. Women‘s lib should have a literature trrblc in the
campus center to distribute the articles. books. and newsletters that
are being written by those in the women's liberation movement. We
need a regular column in the ASP to kccp the issucs before the

student body.

And eventually, we nccd programs that will unite and orgrrni/c
campus women into an effective force for clnrngc. Worncu must
change llrc discriminatory hiring przrcticcs at this University, both in
academic and non-academic pcrsonncll: chrmgc the curriculum offered
to women and later, thc jobs offered to thc sulttc \l‘liIIlCll;CllllllgC the
University‘s (as well as the society‘s) policy toward nurrricd Women.
who cannot attend class (or work) bcczrusc they Ir;er no place to leave
their children; and most of all, and perhaps most difficult of all.
Change the attitudes of both men and women that perpetuate the
myth and reality of women as subordinate and inferior.

Women’s liberation should rcrrclr all the women on this campus -
whether they work here or touch here or are students here. Women in
the community should be invited to participate fully in all discussions
and programs. Come to weclky meetings at 3:00, Monday, Fireplace
Lounge, Campus Center. liverytlilng isjust beginning. Join us now!

Disorder regulations

contimrcd from page I

The poll will consist of :r
number of questions rrirncd zrt
discerning the tcrupcr' of thc
strident body. ('opics of thc
Trustees of llrc Strrtc University's
approved action are found in
Sttldcrrl (Iuidclirrcs. It is hoped
that the results of the poll will
lead to Albany's formulation of in
particular set of guidelines for its

Social Sciences
onorary

The Albany Delta (‘lnrptcr of Pi
Gamma Mu, thc Nrrtiorurl Social
science llonor'ury is in the process
of screening candidates for its fall
induction. Requirements for
membership rirc: l)/\ major or
minor in the Social Sciences, IIA
cumulative average of 3.0 or
better, 3)/\t least 20 hours in the
Social Sciences with it cumulative
average of 3.0 or better. ‘IINU
"D‘s" in llrc Social Scicnccs and
no  Ill other courses,
Sl'frrrrrsfcr' students, must Irnvo
completed .lt) hours nl this
instilution to be eligible.

If you rilcct tlrcsc I’t‘tjltll'ClllL'llls
and are interested lll becoming rr
member of Pi (Irrnumr Mu, please
contact, before Nov. Ill:

Dorothy ()‘llrirri AI57»ti77li
Murlc Searing 457-8077
llcnry Kocttig 457M 2

own situation.

lnlcrcsl gcncrulcd by 1er poll
could lL‘tltI to :r rcupprrriszrl of tlrc
rules set by Ihc 'l‘rustccs. and ii
strbscqucnl structuring of laws
specifically for this university.
Any additions or clrzrngcs Io llrc
Slutc plxrn must be approved by
both officials of this lllllVClhlly
:rnd llrosc of llrc Slzrtc Univcrsily
ol New York.

In form. the rulcs
rcgulrrlions set by the Static
Trustees would allow rnrrch
clrrborrrlion on the part of any
SlilIL‘ college or university in the
system. It inlcrrds to create a
rather cursory outline for the
state system, urthcr than to
provide very rigid standards. No
significant effort is rrnrdc to
challenge llrc rnlrcrcrrt rights of
any member of the University
community.

In a matter of such crucial
importance to every student. it is
irripcrrrtch llrrrl the state
regulations bc rctrd rind considered
in llic conlcxl of this university.

and

 

NOTICE

HOLIDAY SING GROUPS- the
names at your selections and the
name and phone number at your
sonuluurlur must be turned Into the
Strident Actlvltlus Office by Frldny,
November M. It you have any
questions call Ptrll Frnnchlnl ut

 

 

4577793.

COMMUNICATIONS

 

continued from page 8

make your personal contribution in the Student
Associatir n office.

Do your thing to help support these services
through the Joint Appeal.

Double Standard

To the Editors:

I am writing to make people aware of the double
standards that the University has imposed on the
graduate students at this school. The graduate
students are subjected to two types of grading
systems instead of one. Graduates have some
courses which are graded A-B-C-DE while others are
graded S-U.

Any arbitrary grading of graduate students by
letter grades is an insult to their intellioence and
ability. Why should students who have proven their
potential be forced to compete for grades?
Shouldn’t the graduate students be able to learn in
their courses?

This double standard cannot be rationalized on
the grounds that letter grades are needed by the
student to be admitted to programs they are already
in. If it cannot be rationalized as a “measuring
stick" what then are the grades for? Lctter grades
on the graduate level can become an arbitrary and
penalizing tool to prevent the learning process form
enterrng into some graduate studies. A total S-U
system for grad students will eliminate this
duplicity.

Graduate students on this campus are a lost group
because of our short stay here. I urge the ASP to
support. graduate students in our efforts for a
rdIIOIldllZCd grudrng system. john Bubwck

o  l. .
Pass-Fall Qu rrl Street

To the Editor and Student Body

The proposal passed by University Scnatc this
past Monday is ineffectual, so said Dr, Iison. llc
\vcnt on to say that because of its nature our

Terry Mathias

institution will not change to any great degree, and
from these premise he felt debate should be ended
and the proposal passed.

The problem was that if the proposal is
ineffectual, we should change it— not pass it. With a
Pass-No Credit system the professors are given the
opportunity to teach their courses in a new and
interesting way. They have to learn to get the
students interested in the course, not the mark.

Under the present proposal, most classes will be
made up of a mixture of sutdents under pass-no
credit and AB systems. The hopeful change in
curriculum can not take place. Also Freshman will
be marked on an A-E basis and then their mark will
later be converted to Pass or no credit.

How will the Freshman feel being in a class where
his fellow students get marks and he doesn‘t? Will
his willingness to work be underminded?

What is the student doesn’t want pass-no credit:
he is forced to take it.

If the way of teaching and the reasons for
learning (i.c. the “institution") are not changed then
why camouflage it with an “ineffectual” proposal?

Dr. Eson’s statement did not go far enough
because not only is the proposal “ineffectual” but
so is the institution. Maybe the Faculty Senators
and some Strident Senators are afraid to truly
reform our University Structure. The only way
“Puss-Fail" will change curriculum and student
interest is when we have a system where all students

enrolled in the University are under Pass-Fail.
I hope, that with the help of fellow student
senators, and backing by the student body we can
touch the University how to stop crawling

Mitch Toppel

 

laboratory.

Spring 1971. Preliminary applications
may be made for all future semesters.
Fall semesters depart New York for

Attica and South America, ending in

India and South Alrich to New York.

complete and mail the coupon below.

registered in The Netherlands, meets

safety requirements.

SCHOOL INFORMATION

Last Name first lnrlrnt
erlllu ul School

Crrrupm. Arnirusu Struul ’

" 'cny Slrrlu

Cruiuueﬂhans ( ., I,,.
A roll Codu

Yr} uT'lﬁ’S'clﬁol —_ “minor GPAVHI 'JIOTSEIIIS‘T

no.aloeccvoouaao-ocooeov-

 

World Campus Afloat
is a college that does more
than broaden horizons.

It sails to them and beyond.

Again in 1970, the World Campus Alloat
program of Chapman College and Associated
Colleges and Universities will take qualified
students, taculty and stall into the world

Chapman College now is accepting linal

applications for the next three consecutive
semesters: Spring 1970, Fall 1970 and

in Western Europe and the Mediterranean,

Los Angeles. Spring semesters circle the
world lrorn Los Angeles through the Orient,

For a catalog and other inlormzrtion,

SAFETY INFORMATION: The 3.5. Fiyndam,
International Safety Standards for new ships
deveIOped in 1948 and meets 1966 lire

.............................................................u...“
E‘VE WORLD CAMPUS AFLOAT
‘ 5‘ Diroctorol Student Selection Services
( ChapmanCollogo.0rnngc,Calil.92666

Please send your catalog and any other material I need to have

also

ports

nit/(Ion! Lemur LOrlC’l or Long Beach
stretches ruins of oricc'bu/rcd crly (luring
World Cunt/ms Alton! vrsrt Io Pornpcrr

HOME INFORMATION

llulllu Artrlruuu Slruut

U City State 7" _T
demolmmmt _ .
Aron Curio

r rule should be aunt to campus [ l horuu L]
unrrrox rlulu

I urn lnluruslod l" C] Frill Spring Cl ll) -___..

[‘1 I would Him to talk to a representative at WORLD
CAMPUS AFLOAT

colon-na-OO-Io-ooluoonoI...»lulu-o

 

 

 

