. ~A«.-wAW.—4\rs.’\4\

_ ANN—‘qu

e. .u... c c ., ww,,_-_.~‘ Vm.,\ ‘A

 

 

 

PAGE 4

 

 

it? SAR’Z’FS

mm swarm

 

Stony Brook Tops Danes, 2-1

The Albany State soccer team
hosted the State University at
Stony Brook on Saturday and
again came away still searching for
their first victory.

State fell behind midway
through the ﬁrst half when the
ball squirted loose from a big
scramble in front of the Dane goal
and Was kicked past the stunned
Terry Jordan, State’s able
goaltender. Thus Coach Bill
Schieffelin’s squad was forced to
play catch up, something which
they have become used to but
have not mastered.

Stony Brook upped its
advantage to 2-0 late in the first
half when a Dane defenseman's
rniskick was converted into a
score when an alert Long Islander
defenseman put the ball into the
net.

In the third quarter, Albany's
determination from the start of
the second half paid off. Captain
Jim Shear scored, cutting the
margin to 2-1, after a beautiful
display of passing from teammates
Demetrius Michael and Gavin
Louder. This was the way the
score remained, however, with
State’s tremendous second half
effort just falling short.

According to Coach Schieffelin,
if he had planned for everything
to go wrong before the season had
started, things couldn’t have
happened better. Absolutely
nothing has gone the Danes‘ way.
Admittedly, a team has to make a
share of its breaks. The Danes
have not, yet by the same right,
they still have not received their
own. They have made simple
mistakes, leading to opposing
team goals but have generally
played good soccer.

Obviously, the team’s weakness

is scoring. Thus far, they have
netted only eleven goals for an
average of only 1.25 goals per
game. The defense has been
basically sound and at times
outstanding. It is a shame that
their offensive teammates cannot
score.

Meanwhile, the junior varsity
squad has been creating some
fireworks. After manhandling
Brooklyn by a score of 5-1 last
week, the Baby Danes shut out
Oneonta Saturday by a score of
1-0. Phil Call registered the Danes'
marker.

Blow Your Mind

b Jay Marshall and Nick Fanclas

his year marks the tenth anniversary of hte cohabitation of New
Yorkby the Jets (Titans) and the Giants. During this time, many
quarterbacks, both great and not so great have make their respectively
famous and nnot so famous marks in the record books. In the
celebration of this historic year, we have decided to again test your

memory!

l.Name the ﬁrst quarterback ever to play for both the New

YorkTitans and New York Giants.

2. What college player led the nation inpunts and kickoffs in 1963?
3.Who backed up Charley Conerly in 1959?
4.Name the three quarterbacks that the Giants drafted drafted in

1965 to replace Y.A. Tittle?

S.Who was the ﬁrst quarterback to pass for 4,000 yards in one

season?

6. In 196], the Tiatns traded Al Dorow to the Bills. Name the
quarterbacks who follwocd Dorwo until the arrival of Namath.

7.ln 1965, Howard Cosall made the follwing quote leading to the
acquisition of what QB? “In wake of the recent fiasco at Palmer
Stadium, the Giants are in deﬁnate need of a new quarterback."

8. Name the player that the Giants traded to the San Francisco

49ers for Y.A. Tittle.

9.thn Earl Morrail was hurt in I966, what quarterback did the
Giants acquire to back up Gary Wood?
l0.Thc Jets received tight end Jim Colclough form Boston for what

quarterback?

I I. Name the three quarterbacks that the Jets drafted in l965.

12.What Giant quarterback played in the same Arizona State
Brickficld as (‘ahrlic Taylor, Tony Lonick and Henry Carr?

13.Namc the two Giant quarterbacks that played for “Ole Miss.“

14.Who was the first quarterback to pass for over 3,000 years in the

NF‘?

I5.Who were the four quarterbacks that the Giants used in 1964?

 

Jackets and...

 

and Suede Skirts, Pants,

Dresses,

Coming Tues., Oct 28
and Wed., Oct. 29

Oldie Norton Leather Shoppe

Featuring a great line of Bell-Bottoms, Frye Boats,

great Caps and Hats, Fine Silver Jewelry, Leather

Tunics, Coats,

“The Great Norton Fringe Look”

Skins and Furs

Imported Scarves, 5 Inch Ties, Sunglasses, Beads,

Bangles, Hand woven ponchoes, mittens and gloves...

And a general line of funk!

 

    

...rosenberg

Boston State Cops Title
Stonitsch Breaks Mark

by Bob Familant

The varsity track team
sponsored the third annual
Albany Invitational Cross Country
meet on Saturday hosting a total
of 29 Varsity, Junior Varisty and
Junior college contingents.

Boston State won its third
straight varsity title with a total of
68 points. They were paced by
Tom Dempsey, Steve Perisino,
and Lou Prggiero who finished
second, fifth, and ninth
respectively. The winner was Ron
Stonitch who covered the five
mile course in a record 24:57. He
led C.W. PPost College to a second
place finich with eighty points.
State led by Dennis Hackett and
Tom Mills, finished eleventh.
There were over fifteen teams
competing. Hackett finished
eigth with a time of 26:21. This
was the best time ever recorded
by an Albany runner on the home
course. Mills finished 46th and
was awarded “runnere of the
meet" honors for his fine effort.
There were over one-hundred
runners competing in the varsity
division.

The 3.5 mile Junior Varsity and
Freshman division, was won by
Colgate with thirty-six points.
They were led by John Jeffrey
who finished second. The winner
was Bruce Fischer, who guided
Syracuse to a second place finich
with fifty-three points. Albany
ﬁnished sixth among the nine
competitors with 175 points. The
leading runner for State was John
Comerford who finished
twenty-ninth.

In the Junior College Division
the wimmer was Orage County
Community College with 59
points. Suffolk was second with
73 points, Cobleskill scored 92,
Canton scored 126, Duckess
scored 132 and Auburn finished
last with 133. Oragne County's
Bill Wilber and Gerry Manlon
finished first and second
respectively. The winning time
was 18:03.

Credit must be given to Coach
Bob Munsey the organizer of the
meet. The meet was well run and
a highlight of this years
"homecoming activities."

SPORT SHORTS

The Women's Intercollegiate
Tennis ’l‘eam ended their
undefeated season by defeating
Russell Sage on Thursday by a
score of 3-2. in other matches,
Albany defeated Onconta 3-2, and
Skidmore 5-2.

On October 9 some of the team
members traveled to New Paltz
for the Women’s Eastern
lntcrcolligiutc Tournament.
Belinda Stanton was the only
member of the Albany team who
made it to the second round, but
was then defeated. Georgrinn Jose
made it to the semi-finals of the
consolation match. The winner of
the women.s singles was Sally
Ride from Swurtlimorc, and thc

Wall's
SUBMARIIIES

Coll IV 9-2827
or IV 2-0228

REE
DELIVERY

('I‘hroa Subs Minimum)
Mon-Sat.
8 pm i am

Sun 8. Other Special
Days4pm-iam

 

 

 

doubles team winners were from
Mary Baldwin in Virginia.
an

The organizational meeting for
women interested in playing
Women’s intercollegiate
Basketball will be held Monday,
November 3 at 7 p.m. in room
125 in the gym. For more
information please contact Fran
Kilinski at 457-89“.

AnswcrusummnD
Hdluu 'ﬁuuwo ‘iwom “mu.
‘9! ohm ‘H Hunter) “MID
puu Aliauuoo [Coltrti '91 mung,
uqor 'zj unpiomqos qou “alum”
qintuuN '11 mum” uqol- ‘01
ripauuoyj wag, '6 auoqapmg nnq
'8 "WWW twirl 'L (“J-UH‘U. -"t!ii\l
‘oijsn 010d ‘ljUUM ijaiu ‘uiiiuog
using ‘dnossoro 0.1M ‘)|()0’[
uuaq “nun umer ‘9 qiuumN sup
'9 going, uqu ‘mjupaqum. qnq
‘onajqos AJUOH 'p Mtrqs among) '1:
p003 Mug ‘7, duosst am] 1

REWARD

ANYONE WHO MAY HAVE
WITNESSED AN ACCIDENT
THAT OCCURRED ON
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 2.
I969 AT 7:20 PM. AT THE
INTERSECTION OF
WESTERN AVENUE AND
MANNING BOULEVARD
PLEASE CALL 869-08“
BETWEEN 8:00 AM. and 5:00

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 28, I969

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE 5

Helping one another to survive through education

By Andy Bernstein

Brave New World

In the entire world one corporation, one business
dominates the shape of the future, as it is now
calculated and framed. The name of the corporation
is International Business Machines. iBMl This
corporation employs more than a quarter of a
million people and of that number most are college
graduates (none are union members), who are
nursed, groomed, dangled, directed, encouraged,
threatened, converted by a society that requires this
human feed for its blueprints. The stock value of
International Business Machines is more than all the
gold ever collected in Fort Knox. Its activities
reaching into 105 countries and into the minds of
presidents, teachers and churches and parents and
sheriffs, gOVern much of the world’s advanced
technology. This involves space, under the seas, on
the earth, in almost all of the universities and
individual occupations, governments, congresses,
general staffs, banks, industries... and the hopes
they engened in the hearts of man in his quest for
success.

Who of those targeted for this "brave new
world," qho study in the American universities, is
really taught? The neglect of the student, paralleling
the neglect of the society from which he springs, is
the twin failure of the university for the
university is really the instrument that expresses the
will of that neglected society to prepare persons to
buttress it and extend it. The restrictive philosophy
of general education with its accumulated formulae
and its rigidly defined curricula simply explains why
higher education had better fulfill its responsibilities
to students, and to society  and quick!

The world has narrowed, the time is fleeting, yet
the university remains parochial. in acknowledging
that the central fact of modern American life is
education and the central onstitution for defining
the quality of American life is the university, what
can we say to those in ferment when they know too
well that no matter how we worship the ivy and
how we measure the methods, they will be sucked
into the vortex of a programmed society that differs
only in degree from the sweatshops that magnetized
their ancestors in their struggle to survive.

The university is the instrument with which the
young define their own special qualities and their
own special growth. They measure the failures of
their elders, and the achievement, as they prepare to
take their places in their world fractured by
violence, isolation and alienation. Their
understanding of what a university should be is so
much more profound than that held by the
faculties, the trustees, the administrators, the pitiful
state legislators and the elusive congressmen.

The upheavals in American campuses are not
effected by the terrorist enemies of the American
nation. in one way they are the incidents in the
contemporary record of our real social, economic
and political revolution. But, fundamentally, they
are manifestations of the emergence of the
university as the one focal institution in our modern
society. The military-industrial state is jealous of its
guardianship over it. An informed youth, aware of
the conditions necessary to sustain human life and
the democratic spirit, is determined to change it. He
knows that in the miasma that is our land...the
indifferences, the criminality, the special privilege,
the dishonesty of high office, the breeding of
ghettos, the poisoned environment..,must be dealt
with by those who must inevitably take over that
land...the new generation. The university must,
above all, relate to the survival and happiness of that

generation. Their prospects, their enduring, their
power, their minds, must be injected, guided,
trained by the universities...and those universities
must be entrusted to the young while the college
apparatus maintains honorable guardianship over
their humane endeavors.

Studies for Individual Growth

The concern for individual growth must be a
source ingredient in a new kind of school. The idea
of social action, the awareness of the interplay of
society‘s pulses and the ability to apply the
students' emotions and talents to the plotting of a
better social experience must be integral to any
university's responsibility. The role of personal
experience in its pure and connected forms is
critical to a higher form of education.

Students shall learn what they need to learn.
Curriculum must change from a series of prescribed
courses to a range of resources. Resources such as
aids, community service, books, geographical
involvement, on-site projects, other students.
Organized activities for new kinds of learning
include group courses, meetings, seminars,
community projects paralleling ﬁeld work, library
study and conferences with faculty, independent
study in which students wit the assistance of a
faculty member designs and pursues an individual
program, and direct source involvement in learning
patterns.

Studies can be selected from human behaviour,
societies, cultures, world problems, physical
sciences, mathematics, biological sciences, the basic
and profound arts (music, architecture, drama, art,
crative writing, literature), education, psychology of
the society, language studies, the American
community, the ghetto, the military, the university,
the industry, the future.

On campus daily work programs require
all-student participation. Work forms must be
plotted. Entire communities, assisted by visiting
experts, are connected to the plans and the
conferences as broad problems of communication,
survival, and municipal policy are faced.

Policy objectives, aids, blocks, criminality,
projection and competing philosophies in all areas
of national and educational life are explored.
Encouragement of social invention and inculcating
in academic life the desire to advance the knowledge
of self-worth into brave areas of needed change.

Students must reshape the quality of modern life.
Not for spiralling profits or a new automobile. For
simple decency so man on this earth will not
obliterate himself and his chemistry.

The main torrent in our national existence must,
inevitably, be education. Goals, however are
hardly defined. The achievement of joy in life has
always been feared by high places and yearned for
by the brutalized and the denied. Western
civilization, through its manucled officers,
suspicious churches, jealous rulers have eschewed
pleasure and joy as a threat to the goal-disciplined
designers of our culture. Matter, energy and massive
development of human resources in critical to the
sustaining of the national pulse. National
unhappiness has resulted, here. National
unhappiness can also flow from the drive to ecstasy,
without goals. The great American script. of 1789
opend tip the Ville of an ecstasy but the thwarting,
the rewriting and the cxtemporaneous exploitation
has evoked a new language in deceit. 102.4 million
people in our land have right to know just where

birth and survival can coexist with the achievements
of man’s sensory apparatus! Abundance, population
and America's future can only be directed with
intelligence and sensitivity by a generation educated
in its own fashion.

Schools must learn away from agreesion and
acquisition and the deep roots of conflict. Belief
once again, in the human dignity and the values of
the species must be revitalized. Universities must
not be poisoned by the national dictum that says
they must provide minds and flesh to counter the
Soviet space program, Swedish steel manufacture,
Japanese production methods.

Concentration on subject matter, heaped on
appallineg neglected generations has spawned a
banality and aimlessness that subverts the human
purpose. To embrace reason in our new schools
wem must abandon superstition and mindlessness -
“L”, and A :L the ' ', with a
relationship among students that will make their
lives worthwhile. The leaders of our land claim
insight as a result of greater experience. That is
spurious because the youth today in the colleges are
qualitatively different from other generations.
History has provide this picture so many times
before, it so easily ignored and betrayed just as
many times .

New Values, New World

We here feel the inadequacy of the values so
many adults spawned for us; drives for possession of
things, academic definitions, myth of America’s
good intentions. All this breaks down in the search
for a dignity to the life style. It seems papably
absurd to embrace learning conditions and
university functions while the history of its
bankruptcy is a record of catastrophe.

The old values, the old buildings, the old lessons,
the old places, inventions of another time, hold true
no longer in the great excitement of being young
today, and facing the new realities.

Each new generation of students must create its
own forms of learning. The range of possibilities is
enormous. With the dream-like abundances, so
indiginous to our geography and talents higher
education should be available and accessible to all
with the right to reject academic learning in favor of
more fruitful learning experiences if desired.
Choices are possible in the belt that sends young
people into computers and armies and auto and sted
and the myraid of mind furnaces that castrate and
weaken is stopped on route and the value system
that measure all the technocratic domination is
rejected once and for all. The younger generation is
in the process of synthesizing a new wisdom. That is
the real education.

The force shaping the university is that force of
unleashed technology controlled by giant,
impersonal bureaucracies. instead of radical talking
about historical inevitability, it is now the economic
planners in the state department who cluck
truculently about the great leveling force of
technological development that will, in the same
time, assimilate all learning, all revolutions and all
cultural diversities into one grand, agressive,
machine-civilization.

Setting aside such rhetoric is the thing to cope
with. Shall universities yet be strangled by the
insatiety of socioeconomic voraciousness or do we
believe that we as individuals can be changed... and
thence, society. Tied to the trajectory of traditional
learning-or are dead.

Helping one another to survive through new
belief in education is the task before us.

 

.a-v' "‘
s. M \
II M
/

 

why not start here?

Moth n

 

if you omit go to
Woehﬁrmgtoogou coo.
do something right
Iil®li°® If you are going

egins 3 hours

before the buses leave
7p.m. Friday, November 14

t0 7 p.m. Saturday, November 15

 

 

 

Tower East Cinem
in the State that Pole Room

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

THE RAVEN (with Boris Karloff,

Peter Lorre and Vincent Price) and

THE PIT AND THE PENDULUM

(with Vincent Price and Luana Anders)

All fraud ya to units].

[formerly the Ftag Room]

Oct. 31 at 7:00 out 10:00
THE BAT and
THE INVASION OF THE
BODY SNA TCHERS

Nov. 1 at 7:00 out 10:00

 

 

 

