 

 

'im‘nmmi

  
 
    
    
 
   

anyone ‘snd Al choi'pou‘cnr,
student greater responsibility and

 

 

 "LWe 'srcgmost emphatically in. favor of  action which gives
dual domistlre‘lsrgest possible latitude in developing their own
_ . A - _ nts to vote 'for 24-hour open'house's so that each,
section-of the dorm" can decide, within this broad'bssis, their 'own
policies in accordance with a 2/3 majority vote of that section.

  
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
    
     
 
    

I The alcohol revision includes two considerations not made explicit
in the proposal. One is the condition that students under 18 do not
drink..(The State law has not yet met reality.) We realize this is
virtually impossible, however, if the condition is not met the
University will'lose its liquor license which would jeopardize all of us..

The second condition is that beer bottles and assorted other liquor
containers are not left in and around the lounge areas.

'For these new liberal opportunities we express our appreciation for
the perserverence of LAAC’s committees on Residence Reform and
Alcohol Revision.

March Monday

We are not sure the’march on the Capitol this Monday, March 24,
will accomplish its multifarious purposes.

One purpose is to try, by demonstrating‘massive concern, to rescind
the ominous education budget cuts. We know that concern has been
expressed from across the state to powerful Assemblymen and
Senators on this subject.

Wednesday, the presidents of the student bodies of Various State
Universities spoke to Governor Rockefeller and members, of the
Senate Finance Committee and the Assembly Ways and Means

 

     
 

 Committee.
 These presidents had originally felt the need for a demonstration.

  

However, after their conferences at the Ca itol they felt they had
 » accomplished all that a demonstration coul ,which is to explain the
 tragic situation we will be in if the cuts are not restored. Can a
" demonstration outside the Capitol do any more than this? Perhaps.
 There are two views the legislators may take regarding another
"i demonstration. Some may have a completely negatiVe reaction and
say either “enough is enough” or the typical “It's those lousy college
kids again." These are the reactions that we would not wish to evoke,
particularly at this shaky moment.
0n the other hand, if we handle ourselves in a decorous manner,
some legislators might react favorably, realizing our tme concern for
the future of education in this state.
 This campus is being hit so hard that the ratio of faculty to
1 students in the Anthro ology Department is projected at 1:163; we
‘ will not be able to afford to bring in a chairman for the Physics
' department; state ﬁnancial aid for incoming freshmen may be
reduced, or possibly eliminated.
,r We feel, at this point, that letters written by constituents to their
., Assemblymcn and Senators would do a better job of obviating these
 points than a demonstration.

V We strongly urge all students to write letters to their legislative

 re resentstives. There are fact sheets on the cuts in theCampus Center

5 lo by and the [is of legislators by geographical location may be found
at the fountain directly in front of the Campus Center.

Letters have always had a greater effect on legislators than a
demonstration. The former can be a written denunciation while the
latter may be construed as a transitory parade.

Letters are also written directly by constituents who are or will be
voters and may effect their Assemblyman’s or Senator's position in
government. Legislators know this and will listen to what they say
more carefully than a group of demonstrators.

Write today or sit back and watch this University go through its
most agonizing year.

Demonstrate Monday to learn where this University, in particular,
is at if the budget cuts are allowed to go through; Demonstrate
concern for your education.

A  STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
office ls located in Room 882 of the Campus
,. Center. This newspaper ls funded by S.A.Tax. The
4 ASP was founded by the Class of 1918.

   

  

 

 

 

 

 

Editori-lnvChlef
Jill It. Pasnilr «it Ina J. Wol/man
’ News Editor Tim Keeley
r Associate News Editor Kathy Huseman
.» Arts Editor carol Schour
Sports Editor Jim Winslow
Technical Editors Pet O'mrn, Bill Shapes
Photography Editor Stu Bitter
Business Manager Philip Mnehini
Advertising Manager Daniel loam

. The Albany Student Press assumes no
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications ss'such expressions .
donut necessarily reflectits views

    
   
   

 

 

 

  
  
  

 

 

 

   

editor and tilt“- scj 
subject to editing.

 
      

. _. ,
Reality
To the Editors: . ' , r
There is s tendency for students (and others) to
become wrapped up in themselves and their own
little worlds, thereby neglecting and ignoring a larger
world community... . ' '
| I , would like to share port of a letter, dated 10
March 69, I received from my brother. who is
stationed in Vietnam.

,“Life here is duller than DsNang and this is bad.
There is no civilization for miles. We are confined to
our small sector. Life here at the Hill is very basic
and we are much more a part of the actual war.

One unit of grunts (Infantry) based two miles
from here lost 107 men out of the 138 in the
operation. I bet nobody in the world hears about it
as we have a funny habit of lying about American
casualties. ..." '

Things aren’t as peachy keen as much of the
American public wants to or is made to believe.

Lucy Grodson

$ and Education

To the Editors: ‘

Something is very wrong. Everyone is very
concerned about the tax out. It hit home and
Albany has taken a holiday from not giving a shit.
But it has to be the first demonstration ever to
demand a return to the status quo.

I think you people are wrong. How do you
equate dollars and education? That’s rot. But
everyone’s worried about how their education is
going to suffer.

Now I've got no argument if you like the way
things are going. But I’d like to see some pretty
gross changes. The people you are going out to get
money for have been running this system right
along. They’re not my friends, maybe they’re yours.

That education you're worreid about-good stuff,
huh? Get a nice job, nice house, nice family. Vote
liberal. Go baby. Go to hell.

Help to build the country. Like, college builds
strong countries 12 ways, if it’s done the way the
system says it should be done. A
military-university-induatrial complex is a very real
thing to me. What’s the next question. How do we
develop Africa? You watch. Maybe you'll get a good
job.

So that's a big part of what a lot of us good guy,
NON-SDS type, college kids really want. A chance
to succeed. Amen.

Now the atheists will meet over in this corner. We

must at  is. 
shred. Communications ere "

i

will’ssy', maybe ﬁsh is a good thing. After all, what

are we lacing. Library books? {I‘eeehcrnt'Condltion s
’ will probably’get a lot of people/cup tight. Maybe
they1l get angy ‘a‘n'd'ask mirunnlnglthis game.
And they'll get involved. But I doubt it. That’s why
we're'athelsts. ' .
'As long as‘ you think that elverything is pretty
nice and all, and sure we need a few changes and all,
and things are getting better all thetime, and
everything will be great again when the war's
oven-good for you.
Things don't have to be the way they are. But
how's fighting for the status quo going to help? Go
buisnesa majors gol

Paul Nathe
Speno’s Stand

To the Editors:

I wanted to let you know that several of my

colleagues and myself are joining together to take a
stand against the proposed cuts in education aid.
‘ We simply can not allow this to happen, and we
are coordinating our actions to make sure that it
doesn't. But we have some serious problems that
must be faced squarely.

The state’s economy demands that some budget
cuts be made, or taxes raised or a combination of
both. I know that the people in my own district
fully understand that you can not have something
for nothing.

The more than 10,000 students who came here in
249 buses earlier this week to plead against the cuts
impressed me by their efforts and I was pleased at
their orderly manner,

I guess legislators will have to become
accustomed to seeeing our youth in long hair and
bright costumes. They certainlyxarc a change from
the business—suited lobbyiatatho'mormally come
into my OffICE. " " lyi.\‘.‘-

The students are fighting for a legitimate cause, a
cause that I shall personally work hard to achieve.

Cordially,
Edward J. Spend

 

EDITORIAL NOTE: Our weekly column,
BREAKING BUREA UCRACY,.,:has. not received
any questions in the past three weeks. It is intended
as a service to students; if there is no need for that
service, BREAKING BUREAUCRACY’e days will
be numbered. If you have any questions, submit
them at the Information desk, do the ASP.

Editorial Comment Criticized

To the Editors:

The ASP has printed some sub-moronic editorials
lately, but the one entitled “Go Now!" in the March
18 issue perhaps sets a new standard. There is the
now familiar pattern of illiteracy, which lends
substance to charges that we are failing to educate
you people. Worse, I believe, is the reappearance of
old cliches: the extravagant, eye-caching, slick
phrases that help cover up the lack of content. One
gets the feeling that the editorial staff feel they
MUST say something, even if they the nothing to
say. It is always safe to grind out the same old
rhetoric, lambasting the faculty, the administration,
the student body, Edward Durroll Stone, the entire
University or any convenient palsy, because it. is the
in thing to do. Sage heads can always be found to
had solemnly as they wisely concur: "ain't it eh
truth!" It matters little what the particular charge
may be.

Even when the ASP is on the right side of an issue
(as I believe it often is) it is usually for the wrong
reasons, so much so that ASP editorial support
might well be the kiss of death. What. I ask is merely
this: does the litany of wholesale condemnation
that is routinely chanted on your pages represent
your serious, carefully weighed judgement, or is it
simply tossed off‘ the top of your collective head?
The editorials themselves provide the answer. Here
are a few pearls of your wisdom: 0

“Faculty will,go on getting higher salaries for
specialized research projects." The grants to which a
you refer do not come out of SUNYA'I budget;
many faculty awards do not come out of state funds
at all, and in any event the bqu of the money is for
research expenses. not for the researcher's personal
support. As for the balance of research and
teaching-4! you had any knowledge of the world
beyond our campus you would know that
undergraduate teaching holds a place of high honor

at this school. Many of us believe that this balance
can be maintained without sacrificing either
teaching or research, and we intend to maintain it.
You could help with.constructive criticism, but
when I was at the University of Cincinnati one of
the “specialized research projects" brought to
completion there was a successful polio vaccine. But
this is a waste of good money that ought to be spent
on undergraduates-right?

“Faculty Senate will go on beating the heart out

of innovative programs for this University.” i do not
know what this strange matephor means, but the
gist is clearly that the Faculty Senate has habitually
stood for reaction and against innovation and
improvement. This statement is so preposterous that
I can only stand in mute awe before its colossal
asinlnlty. If you read your own paper you would
know better than that!

“The majority of students will continue to

vegetate allowing administration to innovate and
make all decisions concerning our education." Ho
hum: another sweeping condmenation of students
past, present and future, all in one dazzling,
uninformed cliche. Well, at least you admit that
somebody around here lnnovates-mo doubt a slip
that can be remedied by another editorial.

There is a lot of room for improvement here, of
nurse; most of us welcome consturctivc criticism (I

solicit It and get it from my own students). Brainless

nd irresponsible condemnation of everything does

not help, but it sure is a lot easier than thinking.
isn't it?

You problubly won' .t believe it but this criticism

is meant to be constructive.

Very sincerely,
John C. Overbeck
Associate Professor
and Faculty Senator

 

 

 

 

 

       

Vol. LV No. '

Indies Within 0.‘ V"

Pass-fail supported by students;

Collier interprets poll results

By Dick Collier

The results of the opinion poll
on PmFIil grading, held in the
Campus Center and on the dinner
lines this March 19-21, were as
follows: 1931 students voted on
the resolution: "Be It resolved,
that effective Soptsndnr 1666, all
undergraduate courses shall be
g r a d o d o n a
Satisfactory-Unsatisfactory iS-Ul
basis at SUNY Albany.”

Of those students, 1379 voted
"yes" i for I TOTAL S-U system),
552 voted "no." In other words.
71.4% favored pom-full in all
courses for fall 1669.

The Commission for Academic
Affairs feels that this
representative sampling of nearly
2,000 students is large enouﬂl,
and that the figure 71.4% is high
enouﬂt, to confirm our belief that
the total S-U grading system is the
one desired by the majority of the
student body at SUNVA.

We believe our position is
further supported by the first
open hearing on the subject
(March 18). at which the pros and

 
  

tion.

eons of the various wading
systems were extensively
explained lid disequ and at
which an even greater percentage
of those present (76.6%) voted in
favor of the complete pas-fell
Wm.

For those reasons, the
Commission for Academic Affairs
shall continue to urge the
adoption and implementation of
total 4 ‘ “‘ ,
unsatisfactory grading for
September 1969.

The above policy statement
expresses the Commission for
Academic Affairs’ interpretation
of the results of the pass-fail
opinion poll. As chairman of that
commission, I support the
interpretation and agree with it.

However, I have been asked
here to express my own
interpretations and conclusions. I
shall also use this opportunity to
give my personal opinions of what
immediate next steps should be
taken. "

I was very pleased with the
results. At the Commission's open

LAAC

Guidelines

Editors Note: In accordance with
LAAC's new visitation policy the
ASP is publishing the guidelines
for students.

Each residence hall must
consider u visitation policy and
hours within thirty days after
adoption of the Living Area
Affairs Bill on visitation or thirty
days after the arrival of students
in Septmenber, whichever comes
first. There will be no open houses
until the hall has done this.

In addition, each residence hall
must reconsider their visitation
policy and hours each Fall
Semester by November 1.

A 2/3 majority of the total
number of residents in each hull
shall decide the policy and hours
for that ball. Changes in the
policy and/or hours of each hall
shall also be made by a 2/3
majority of the total number of
residents in that hall.

A section of a hall may decide

its own hours of visitation. A
section is defined as: A group of
suites or rooms adjacent to a
lounge or corridor respectively
that has direct access to and from
a public area without passing
thorugh non-public areas.
Stuirwells and elevators are public
areas only during visltnion hours.

Each hull shall appoint a
committee to record the policy
and hours of visltution with Living
Area Affairs Commission and
provide each resident with a copy
of the policy and hours. it shall
also be the duty of the committee
to consider problems arising from
the policy itself or the hours.

In addition, each hull shall
provide for the hearing of
infractions of the policy and/or
hours. either thorugh creation of a
hall judicial board or referral to
the next higher judicial body.

These guidelines are subject to
review and change by Living Area
Affairs Commission at any time.

get“

State

    
  
  
 

:1 "‘mremcbutwlspeskstthe Cent r t :
conjunction with the Campus Center edica can” er 0mm," I 2 w in

hearing on paas~fail, Dr. Schulz
expressed the feeling that it was
too bad everyone at SUNYA had
not the opportunity to attend and
listen to the arguments before
voting.

However, though the vote in
the opinion poll was not quite as
high as that taken at the end of
the hearing, I think it was strong
en ough to make two

r" : l. The majority of
students on this campus favor
total S-U grading; and 2. An even
greater majority are very much
opposed to the present system.

It was noted by all who took
these polls that more of the "no"
votes were still for some S-U
system (though not this particular
type of total one) than were for
the present system of A-E grading.

Cont'd. on Page 3.

AVE
W
ﬂ'

  

 
 
 
   
    
 

 

  
   
 

/_

NYSTUDENT 

University of New Verb at Albany

’ Waterman, Rhads  5: if;
not to be rebired

The University community was a t u d e n ts
informed this week that Dr. Carol
Waterman
Rhoads of the
department will not have their
contracts renewed, and will be presently
forced to leave their positions
when
expire
psychology department has failed
to offer any grounds for this ,in the

 

and Mrs. Connie next

psychology completed her PhD.

their present
in June

field of

action. As a result, a large number psychology.

of students have organized to
protest and seek a reversal of
these decisions. Students have
criticized the dissmisals as unjust
and detrimental to the proved unsuccessful. It has been
department and to the'students. A
separate ‘
instructor is
throughout the University, calling
for their reinstatement. These are
being circulated on the dinner
lines and in the Campus Center.
Dr. Waterman ‘s Introduction to
Psychology
reviewed
Student Evaluation of Courses
and Teachers (SEC’I‘) in which 44
out of the 46 students responding
strongly recommended her as an
instructor, and every student in
class (48) evaluated her
preparations for class as excellent
or good. Her publishing record
includes three different studies on
cognitive dissonance. One was

the

dissatisfaction in college students
was accepted to be read at the ‘69
A me r i e a n
Association Convention.
Mrs. Rhoads' .
course, 26 out of 26 students R'gms'" “The
rated her as excellent or good on
preparation for class. Seventy per
cent of those responding, strongly
recommended her as an
instructor. The

9 l’. 7,0101. ,0 MEL-‘1

,/

petition for each

being circulated can justify this action.

‘Points of

course has been

I) R se H rbcrt
in the Spring '69 y o m e

.has been described as
consistent fighter for

Psychological Conference. Last since his appointment
“'3' gm“; Te, T: President Roosevelt in 1939. He

the Securities
Psychological commiwon‘

learning Right

recently,
Federalism. "

Continued on p. 7

“Toward a
remaining 7

i -DEVINLOEW. snug

 
 
  
  
  

/.
ix
.rfa _-
S

\

 

 

 

 

 

 

WASHINGTON AVENUE

THE HATCHED AREAS ON THE ABOVE map indicate areas where liquor will not be allowed under the

new Campus Alcohol Policy. in addition each hall will decide on its own procedures.

 

m o d e r a t e l y
recommended her, which is the
highest category. She
course '
requirements at Wisconsin and is
in the process of
completing her doctoral thesis.
contracts This will be finished before her
1970. The contract expires. In recent years
she has worked on many studies ’
learning

Various attempts to receive an
explanation of their non-renewal
of contract from the department
chairman, Dr. Shirley Brown, have

reported that many students are
wondering if the department itself

REBELLION"

William 0. Douglas will speak
.at the University Saturday in
conjunction with the Campus
Center dedication ceremony.- A
member of the liberal block of the
Supreme Court, Juistiee Douglas

liberties." His pertinent topic,
1"Poluta of Rebellion," will deal
published in .67 another was with the university student and
published in '68, and a third was revomuon'

presented at the ’67 Eastern Justice Douglas h“ ban .

member of the Supreme Court

was previously the chairman of
and Exchange

He has also written several
books including "A Living Bill of
of the
People," “Anatomy of Liberty,"
“America Challenged,” and most
Global

  
  
    
  
  
   

  

   
    
  

   
 

   
 
  
  
  

  
  

 
  

  

  
   

  
 

   
   

    

  
 
 
  
   
  
  

   
 

  
  
  

  

    
     
  
   

    

 
 
 
 

  

 
 
      
 
  

    
    
    
   
 
  
   

     
  
  
   
      
     
    
  
  
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
    
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
    
 
  
       
     
        
     
         
     
   
  
 
   
 
   
 

 
 

    
   
          
        

 
  

 

  

 

  

  
 
 
  

 

 

