    
  

 

(
i
i

      
   
    
    
   
  
    
  
  

EDlTORiAL

sinner Flynn’s appearance on lcampus was handled 'most I

appropriately by. theatudents present, We applaud then-considerate

restraint. ‘  - , . ~ -
Their succinct and pointed . questions ,revealed ' the gross

miscalculations and lack of understanding on the part of the Senate in

. its passage. of the anti-riot bill.’ We hope that members of the

Assembly, and particularly the-special task force on; campus
disturbances, will consider these questions, and the conduct of the
students who asked them, when similar legislation comes before them.

What was made most clear to Senator Flynn is the students’ desire
for changes in the social structure and social reality of a democracy.
That we know the legislature will make laws to preserve a rigid status
quo, socially unsatisfactory for thoseﬂwho believe‘in democracy, that
We are prepared to sacriﬁce for changes in that status quo, was the
beautiful and obvious result of the dialogue that took place.

That we'must organize and coordinate our ideas and actions in
order to mobilize as a powerful political force for change is clearly the
next step.We must not let the legislature of the State of New York, or
the Congress of the United States, forget the good intentions of the
majority; we cannot leave them to freely practice their insane follies.

We suggest that students here organize now, support the existing
organizations, and that these organizations coalesce and unify against
such anti-democratic measures.

Alcohol Revision

The regulations governing those areas in which alcohol
consumption is permissible on the campus are now being revised and
will be effective probably within the next three weeks.

We feel that the new policy, which allows alcohol to be consumed
in the living areas, is much more appropriate than the one we now
have.

In terms of time, however, it is rather late, as legislation of this type
usually is. in other words (and l am sure those concerned with the bill
realize this), the policy revision only legalizes the already established
fact of drinking in the dorms. Nevertheless, we are glad to see the
formal policy catching up to reality.

It does reveal, most emphatically, administrative concern for
applying, in reality, the oft stated proposition that students be

. allowed to develop and practice responsibility.

(The alcohol policy revision was passed by Central Council last
night and will, hopefully, be passed by Student Affairs Council this
afternoon. Following these recommendations, it must be ﬁnally
approved by President Collins before implementation.)

More on this in Tuesday’s ASP.

Great Danes

Another successful season has gone by for the Great Danes
Basketball team, but this year there's a difference. The bid to the
NCAAthatwe’ve received brings with it the recognition so long hoped
for—and so long deserved by our team.

it is a great accomplishment by any standards. As the Danes take
on Wagner College tonight in the opener of the tournament, the spirit
and good wishes of this University's p opulacc will be behind them.
But no matter what happens in Syracuse this weekend, the NCAA has
ﬁnally recognized what we’ve known for two years: those guys make
up one helluva team.

COMMENT

 

 

ASP STAFF

 

The Albany Student Press is published two times a week by the
Student Association of the State University of New York at
Albany. The ASP Ofﬁce is located in Room 382 of the Campus
Center and may be reached by dialing 457-2190 or 457-2194. This
newspaper ‘3 funded by st- Tax- The Albany Student Prose was
founded by the Class of 1918.

Editou-in-Chie/
Jill Prunilr and In: Walfman
News Editor ’l‘lm Keeley
Associate News Editor Kathy Huaeman
Arte Editor Carol Schour
Sparta Editor Jim Winslow
rectum Editor Gary Gel!
Technical Edits)" Pat O'Hem, Bill Shapes
Photography ldltor 8,“ mm,
and”. u Philip Franc-hint
Adum‘lnl "Mu" Daniel Foreman

The Albany Strident Press nannies no respondbillty for opinions
expressed in its columns and communications as such explosions
do not necessarily reﬂect its views. ,

 

"ALBANY sruoenr tress

 

  

 

 

 i I  < 

 

 

subject to Griffin].

‘Cuttyed’ Up
To the Editor: Re: Robert Cutty'a review of THE
WORD. -

To compare THE WORD with PRIMER. going so
far as to speak of “PRIMER alumnus’.’ is to make the
assumption that both magazines have the same goal.
Note' that one is a University Review, the other a
magazine.

And further, because of this difference, the cannot
be reviewed using the same criteria. A University
Review, such as PRIMER, is necassarily a
compendium of separate pieces-there is no speciﬁc
unity striven for. A magazine, such as THE WORD is
a speciﬁc unifying element. Mr. Cutty’s review
confuses this distinction: he fails to see the forest for
the trees. His review is of pieces, not of a magazine.

It is interesting, albeit unfortunate, that no
mention was made of the layout of THE WORD. The
specific handling of space and contrast was done
purposefully. Mr. Cutty mentions his approval of the

photography, but not in the context of its relation to v

the accompanying writing.

Of course, if the writing is placed on the
photograph, the relation does become more obvious.
Mr. Cutty did discern this much. Consideration of its
composition may have provided Mr. Cutty with the
insight that THE WORD is more than a random
sampling of SUNYA literary talent.

0 William E. Nothdurft
, OPS!

- Lawrence B. Rosenfeld
To the Editors:

With regard to the editorial of Tuesday, February
25, concerning your recommendation to change the
elective, we would like to bring to your attention the
lack of pronoun antecedent agreement in your

l d' h.
cone u "Is “my” Roacmary DeBonia

Kileen Tracy

Arabian Conflict

To the Editors:

One day there will be a lasting peace in the Middle
East, and the various political and other problems
will be resolved. But until that happens there is still a
state of war between the Arab states and Israel, and
the Arabs are quick to remind the world of that fact,
and they continue to justify their aggressive acts
against Israel on this basis.

Your correspondent, A. Babiker (Feb. 25) refers
to certain articles which comment adversely on
Israeli action in occupied areas. The really interesting
thing is that the Israelis permit foreign
correspondents freedom in these areas to observe and
write. I can only conclude from this that Israel is
prepared to let the world judge its behavior in the
occupied areas.

Unquestionably, In any occupation, there will be
some unpleasant incidents, but the important thing is
the over-all approach and policy. And on this score
the Israeli occupation will be revealed as one of the
quietest and softest. in military occupation history.

Why do not the Arab countries permit western
observers to report on the plight of Jews in those
countries? The fact is that Jewish societies in these
countries have been and are being destroyed, and the
plight of the remaining Jews is infinitely worse than
the Arabs in any of the Israeli occupied arena.

Let us not forget that if the Arabs had overrun
Israel in June 1967 there would have been no
problem of Arabs occupying Jewish areas. The
Arabs gleefully mude bloody clear the awful fate
that awaited the Jews-~JEWS and not just zionistal!

Irving H. Sabghlr, Professor
Industrial Relations

SDS—And the Vacuum

To the Editors:

Where is the “Student Government;” What is the
“Student Government?" It is letting an opportunity
to really lead the student body slip by. The
opportunity is some form of recognition (protest?)
of the current actions of the legislature.

It seems that SDS will pop out of the ground
again to fill the vast vacuum created by the student
government.

This is really too bad, since SDS does not
represent most of the students. And, I feel, that
many students would shun anything for which SDS
ls responsible. As a result, something which
concerns most of the students will probably pass by,
ignored by them. Unless SDG becomes impossible to
ignore! '

Mary Anne Stephens

 

 

~ an communications mun blﬂddnaud tattle
editor all must be signed. Communication: on

.

Popular Elections

To the Editors:

The constitution of central council section 4 a&b
states that the president and vice president of,
central council shall be elected by a two-thirds vote
of its (central council’s) total membership instead of
a direct vote by a majority of the student body.

If one of the aims of central council is to bring
the university community closer together than why
should its officers remove themselves from the
control of their constituents? ‘

This aloof style of executive makes
commonpurposes and goals harder to achieVe among
the many diverse facets of campus life. In an age of
student responsibility and awareness it seems
apalling that such high positions so vital to a student
body's best interests are once removed from their
direct control.

Thus on Monday March 10 there will be a
referendum on all the dinner lines asking people to
display their support for the direct election of the
president and vice president of central council in the
hope that central council will listen to the wishes of
its voting public and rectify a situation which has
for too long been ignored.

Respectfully submitted,

Greg Thompson

Forum Desired

To the Editors:

The letter which I wrote to your paper was written
prior to my decision to accept an invitation of the
International Student Group to participate in the
discussion on Zionism. While this decision did not
turn into a “superfluous shouting" match and was
reasonable and quiet, it also was not a true dialogue.
Even had Am Yiarael participated, it did not provide
a framework for true understanding. We must all
work together to find better frameworks for using
our contact on campus for that end. If any persona
interested in finding a suitable forum for
understanding issues and feelings like the
ARAB—Israeli confrontaiton, they are free to
contact me on campus.

Walter P. Zenner
Dept. of Soc. and Anthro.

MJ. ’8 Misconceptions

To the Editors:

Concerning Mr. Rosenberg's Off Center column of
February 14. I should like to point out some
misconception on the author’s part. His discussion is
largely an emotional appeal that seems to be outside
of the realm of reason.

His major address is to the el-fatah as
representative of Hitler’s troops. However, they act
as sabateurs and foreign agents in Israel’s occupied
lands and Israel proper. This appears to parallel more
closely Hitler's opponents. The use of Hitler’s name
is clearly intended to imply a detrimental outlook on
Jews when in fact, their orientation is towards
Israelis and their agents as can be documented by the
literature described In the February 11 issue in the
“Hebrew Students Alliance” advertisement. This
“Anti-Zionist" propaganda” addresses itself to
Zionists who aid or participate in Israeli expansion,
not to the Jew as a people.

As to the lack of popular support for the el-fatuh
and their militant behavior, these statements are also
inflammatory and unsupported, The eI-fatah lacks
governmental support due to the threat of an aroused
public. The people support the el-fatuh an the only
effective force against the Israeli. Their militant
behavior Is regrettable, but equally as understandable ,
as the activities of the Irgun and Stern gangs (Mary
Ellen Brown, Communications, February 14). Mr.
Rosenburg has again used inflammatory inferences
without reasoning out the fallacies entailed in his
statements.

Then Mr. Rosenberg concludes with Israeli
“Inatman” courage in battle in an apparent attempt
to deny such courage in the el-fatah. Both sides are
equally as determined and equally as courageous in
defense of their cause. To illustrate, I would like to
know of the eI-fatah captured alive. I know of none.

In conclusion, Mr. Rosenberg, when such
incriminationa are made, you should (1) document
them, (2) employ logical, reasonable arguments, and
(3) avoid loaded phrases and words that serve only to
excite emotional biases. If what you say has value,
reason should be sufficient support and emotional
railing below you.

Sincerely,
Gary Anderson

Z snowmen 7,1959"

 

 

   

Rich drops the winning shot to
put the Danes one up over
LeMoyne in the NCAA
toumement Saturday.

71-70

Photo by Cantor

M YSKANIA , class

announced; Thorne

by Tom Momean Casale, James Kahn, Mary Mencer,

The members of MYSKANIA and Duncan Nixon.

1970 were tapped Sunday. Before Dr. Thorne, the guest speaker,
the Tapping began, the Invocation began his speech with ten
was said by Father Smith of the quotations taken from the news
Newman Center. Dr; Clifton C. media of the past week. The
Thorne, Vice- president of quotes were related to the
Student Affairs, spoke to those problems and unrest present on
present, and the results of Class College and University Campuses
elections were announced. across the nation.

The following were tapped as Part of the blame for campus
members of MYSKANIA 1970: problems falls on administrators

Peter Pavone, Kathleen O'Neill, -
Diane Battaglino,Terry Mathias,
Marsha IIalper, Robert Holmes,
James Winslow, Fran Litz,
Thomas Nixon, Paul Lieberman,
Victor Looper, Philip Franchini,
Stephanie Rice.

Ofﬁcers elected for the Class of
1970 were President, Peter
anone; Vice-President, Robert
Moses; Treasurer, Barb Garley;
Secretary, Stephanie Rice.

Ofﬁcers for the Class of 1971
include President, Richard Wesley;
Vice-President, Ralph DiMarino;
Treasurer, Michael Glass;
Secretary, Bonnie Weatherup.

Ofﬁcers elected for the Class of
1972 are President, Thomas
LaBarbera; Vice-President,
Richard Friedlander; Treasurer,
Susan Levy; Secretary, Dale
Padnick. ,

Also announced were the new
members of Alumni Board which
include: Linda Berdan, Anthony

 

a
ALBANV STUDENT COALITION

T H E R E IS N OW A
MOVEMENT TO UNITE ALL
STUDENTS OF THE ALBANY
CAMPUS TO PROTEST THE
BUDGET CUT AND TUITION
RAISE NOW PENDING IN THE
STATE LEGISLATURE. AS
THESE ACTIONS WILL
AFFECT EVERYONE,
REPRESENTATIVES FROM
ALL POLITICAL AND SOCIAL
G R 0 U P S , A N D A L L
INTERESTED STUDENTSI
L E F T . R l G H T O R
INDIFFERENTI ARE ASKED
TO MEET ON WED. MARCH 12
AT 8:30 P.M. IN HU 264 TO
DECIDE ON ACTION IN
CONJUNCTION WITH THE
OTHER SUNV COLLEGES
MARCH 19. FOR MORE
INFORMATION, CALL
JET-I142.

 - um 

 

New elasIr ofﬁcers and MYSKANIA 70 members were sworn in S
Thorne. Vice President for Student 'Affairs.

       

Margison

with superb performance

“The Marglaon Era" in

_ basketball at State la over, but it

was exciting while it was here.

It all ended most appropriately
with another one-point win for
the cardiac kids. And, once again,
It was Rich who provided the
scoring punch and all-round good
play that upset a cocky LeMoyne
team, 71-70.

Montclair State won the
tourney with an impressive
101-78 victory over Wagner
College. They will now go to
Evansville for the National Small
College Tourney this Wednesday.

Following a more than
emba rinsing 109-64 loss to
Wagner College this past Friday
night in the opening round of the
NCAA East regional tourney, the
Saueramen had every reason to be
down for their contest with the
Dolphins the following night.

LeMoyne took advantage of

o icers
sgjeaks

according to Thorne. The
principle idea of 'I'horne’s speech
that "academic anarchy is
followed by academic tyranny."
Dr. Thorne also stated that
“institutions of higher learning are
creatures of society that exist for
the benefits of society."

Thorne then "charged" those
students who are leaders with the
preservation of this University as
an example to others.

   
  

State University of New Yorli at Albany

   
    

 

 

Tuesday. March u. was  v ‘

concludes career»,

that psychological edge to take a charity stripe. ‘ -
sian point lead into the locker On numerous ,etoala  many .
room at half time. big rebounds, the Danes pulled to
within ' ten points with tour
four points in the first half while minutes to play. A. the 800'
committing three personal foull. Albany fans in the stands went
began to take over. In the ensuing wild, the LeMoyne lead dwindled
ﬁfteen minutes, he hit for 24 big until, with just one minute left,
points on nine of eleven from the two points separated them.
ﬁeld and six for six from the New mm to Page 6

Faculty, professionals
bargain with ould

Story and photo by Potskowski
Friday morning Samuel H.
Gould, Chancellor of the State
University of New York,
appeared at a hearing which
investigated the issues involved in
negotiations under the Taylor law
for faculty and professional
workers at the various Sta
University campuses. ‘
For three and one half hours
Chancellor Gould answered
questions from groups which wish
to represent the campus as a
bargaining agent. In the
courtroom-like procedures, the
chairman of the hearing was kept
busy deciding the validity of
objections and counter-objections.
In many instances the hearing
turned into a debate on semantics.
Seated in the Assembly Hall
Were representatives from the
various organizations which wish
:0 represent the campus: ,
merican Federation of Teachers, '
American Association of [trageg‘oua'g mzelfy‘hlfegrpi:

University Professors, the Civil
Service Employees Association, 35:31“ to Choose a bamininl

and the Faculty Senate.

Dr. Israel Kuglcr, speaking for
the American Federation of
Teachers, attempted to show that
the Faculty Senate could not be
the independent bargaining agent
for the campus professors because
the Senate is supported by the
University and thus is completely
dependent upon the University.
Dr. Kuglcr also argued in favor of
independent bargaining by each

   

to be represented will vote on
which organization will be their
bargaining agent. One of the
choices offered in the election will
be the option for no
representation at all. If no
bargaining organizationreceivea a
clear majority, a run-off election
will be held between the two
choices which receive the most

  

- . A final decision concerning
campus of the University system. vol.” . . . .
Chancellor Gould strongly which organization If any, wrll
th w - ~ ,' personnel will be rendered by the
[B E at?" university or Ne V York Public Employees Relations
issues which remain to be settled.
What individual groups will be P 8808 conference
decision must be made as to attended  over
whether university professors only
O
graduate assistants, dorm  In N'Y'C'
directors, and other University
the bargaining unu, “build a national constituency for
Later this year, after the above peace" attracted over 2.000
across the nation to the New York
Hilton on March 5.
and a luncheon, attended by such
noted speakers as Senators
Cranston were the highlights of
the “First National Convocation
Peace" called together by the
Fund for Education in World
The panels feature speakers
such as Floyd McKlsslck, Harrison
Robert Straua-Hupe.
They spoke on such topics as
Mllltarietlc Society?" and “Can't
Lasting Peace Be Attained In

objected tothispoint,atatingthut repcresen" the University
There are several other key Board'
represented by the union? A
will be represented, or if
staff L will be' ' ‘ ' in ' "WW" r‘ ‘to
issuehas been resolved, the group. students and "liberals" from
A series of concurrent panels
Fulbright, Javits, McGovern and
on The Challenge of Building
Order.
Salisbury, Marcus Raaken and
"la American Becoming as
Asia

Ph t b Be
0 0' y "M." For an in depth look at some of
unday following a speech by Dr. Clifton C. the activities of the day. pleele
turn to pages 2 and 4

    
    

 

 

  

