 

 

 

 

 

, a"

This week at the Performing Arts Center, Music
Council presents: SPECTRUM: CONTEMPORARY
MUSIC. As wide a range of contemporary styles as
possible have been represented, and each program in
itself represents a wide range of artistic aesthetics in
its own field.

PROGRAMS

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 1] at 8:00 pm.
John Cage: Music for Carillon
(performed on our carillon)

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER II at 8:30 pm.
John Eaton: Music for Synket:
pieces by Eaton, Moevs and
Chadabe will be performed.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 12 at 8:30 pm.
The Sonic Arts Group
from Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Pieces by the performers on
electronic instruments.
Performers: Ashley, Berhman,
Lucicr and Mumma.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER B at 8:30 p.m.
Instrumental and Vocal Music
by Ronsheim, Gaber, Englert,
Moss, Carter, Babbitt and
Schoenberg.

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14 at 8:30 p.m.
INTERMEDlAllilll
by Albright, Morris and Martirano
ELECTRONICS!!!”
by Stockhausen and Xenakis

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER l5 at 8:30 pm.
Buffalo‘s Creative Associates
Foss, Hiller, Blauvclt, Wcstcrgaard,
Burnharn, Gaburo and A HOST OF OTHERS!

ALL CONCERTS FREE WITH STUDENT TAX

PERFORMING ARTS (‘ENTER

photos by cooper
courtesy 0/ SOURCE

ill
.- It I l

whit-s53?- as; at

«J
;v

 

RU M 

 

TUESDAY. WR “J”!

Conﬁned Pmm  .   

IY GARY “M

The following essay is presented in the confused
pattern which memories, associations, and reactions
usually follow as they build up and resolve in the
mind. These thoughts are more honest than the

attems impdosed on our communication by usual
essay form. ost people don’t even know what they
think because they are so used to letting their words
speak for them. If the thoughts seem unclear, it is
only because they are unclear, but that is nothing to
be afraid or ashamed of. Maybe the sole purpose of
this article is to present this confusion to you.

If you are reading this you are probably in college
or on the staff of a college. You may wonder at odd
moments just what yon are doing here. All around
you there are people and structures trying to impose
order on the environment. Furthermore there are a
growing number of people ans structures opposed to
the systems and means of life that are the status
quo. Granted they may have rcussions on your
very own life, but look, this as been happening
since man began his societies. It's just another turn
over like the Russian Revolution or Christianity.

Every time on look in the paper or listen to a
speaker, you eel like you’ve heard that so many
times before. Therefore you disregard what people
say if they are your enemies, or ‘ust lap it up
without listening, if they are on your ‘side."

That‘s sort of what college encourages you to do.
Think like a book that you can put down with as
little feeling as you picked it up with. You‘re not
living like that. You’re not feeling, and you're not
involved in life like that. If you only listen to the
meaningless constructions fo the lifeless societies
around you.

The mind is beautiful and impressive and wow.
Everybody is a genius because the midn can’t help
but realize the intricacies of the life around us. We
call people stupid and ignorant if they can’t
communicate their senses in a prescribed manner,
but that person may sense as much or more of the
world than you can. Furthermore, if he doesn’t
communicate in the same language as you, then you
can recognize that you could learn something from
bin and him from you. Neither of you is superior,
you're just different.

Zen Buddism is in vogue today, but I wouldn’t
want, to take a course in it in college. I know that I
can’t learn understanding in college. So many
people talk and read Zen, but I don't believe that
they can understand that "all is one" if they can’t
see that there is infinite variety and polarity. Yeah,
yeah. College forces you to accept definitions and
courses that are intimately linked with everything
else in life, but professors don’t have time to
understand that. Also they are making money, and
there is no money in teaching people about life.

All the strikes are against getting very much out
of college, so I‘m writing this essay to show a
different way of understanding and linking the
things around you. No answers. I don‘t know
anybody who has them. I‘ve been alive 19 years and
I want to start living. This summer I travelled across
the country and saw and did a whole bunch of
things. I like good food and have a bad back, butl
love nature and mountains and rock climbing and
music and friends and I know that there are a lot of

things to be afraid of.

NOW ON WITH THE ESSAY

NATURAL HYSTERICS

I stumbled away from the S.U.N.Y.A. campus
with a 40 lb. pack biting into my shoulders.
Goodbye plastic pillars. Hitched to N.Y.C. and
telephoned Rich... Ritch...

Well. we started our trip out to California with a
bus ride to Pittsburgh, Pa. Riteh was philosophizing
on the smokcstacks of Newark, revcrcntly hoping
that man‘s reaching the moon would fill up the gap
in our vacuous souls.

It really was like that, but beign befuddled and
vacuous, this talk only depressed me. I could believe
that about as much as anything, but not enough to
rap about it.

The Sun and the City are red
Spirits sinking into the West.
Riding, slowly, consciously, nightbound.

We stopped in l’hiladclphia for 15 minutes for a
iss, and this black cat tried to sell a plastic pencil
ioltler as a wine flask. “Look, you put wine in
here." He unzippcrcd lhc top, and prctcndcd to
take a drink from it. “Only a dollar." I refused so he
showed me again. “Just a dollar. (‘ornc on you got a
dollar."

He wasn't going to play the fool though, if he
couldn't get money for it. He rapped to us about
ago. He wore army boots, described the rough parts

of Philly, a nasty town with Knives and murders.
All of his friends scented to be sewing time, some

iajailsome in thearmy,soaneinghettoeasndaome
on the job. Serving time. That's a good phrase. As if
you should get down and kiss tkne's ass. The cop
says "kiss my ass" as he throws you into jail. The
sergeant says “kiss my ass' as he throws you‘into
line. The peoples’ representative from “X” district
says "kiss my ass ' as he fumbles with the
blackman’s, Puertorican's, lndian’s, Mexican’s,
equality as if it were a football game. The whole
incomprehensible system says “kiss my ass" as it
nails another unhappy consumer to a 9:00 to 5:00

life.

Bam! All this shit's been floating through my
head. Everybody has a lot of shit floating around in
their heads, and when they act or react the shit
comes out. Boom. If you’re there..." you just
happen to be there...BO0M...the shit falls on you.
No particular reason, because the particular reasons
cease to mean anything after awhile and remain
lumped together under the title of “getting shit
from people."

So off I go cross country to to reawsken my
spirit, vacuous with indicision an lack of direction.
I didn’t have much hel from home in building a
strong man (whatever t at turns out to be) out of
myself, and when I was ready to love another
person I got spun upsidedown and inside out. WOW.
I haven’t really felt anything since then.

Talk about shit, I can ’t look a person in the eye. I
was waiting tables in Estes Park, Colo., and I made a
tiny baby cry by looking it in the eyes. I hoped a
baby could look at me and smile. It was afraid of
me. My eyes aren’t comfortable.

PEOPLES PARK ?

Excuse me...My mind was wandering. There was a
point to this article wasn't there? The title says
“Natural Hysterics." Now what was that supposed
to mean? Oh! I remember, I was travelling cross
country and l was going to see its natural wonders.

A gorgeous country folks, full of exciting folk
heroes like Mr. John Western Public who is quoted
frequently as saying "Hey kid, you want a haircut?"
Renowned legend of the West Coast, Ranger Dick
Koff of Yosemite National Park revealed to several
interested Park inmates that "This is a National
Park, not aPeople's Par." (Ranger Koff received the
Esquire Dubious Award of the Year for Telling It
Like It Is.)

True to his word, the Curry Company, which
owns Yosemite Valley, is increasing accomodations
for tourists and restricting those for People. More
motels and restaurants are under construction to
provide for the expanding number of urban dwellers
who must flee the cities for reasons of sanity and
health. The Company’s program calls for
construction of an atomic powered wood pulp plant
and starting its own paper called the “Curry
Company News."

This year‘s improvements in Yosemite Valley
include numerous construction sites, Rangers at the
entrance to each camping area, $2.00 a night
camping fee, a seven day limit for campers, as well
as maintaining 36 narcotics agents who wear
sunglasses at night to be cool.

Some people, however, don't appreciate what
Curry Company is doing for the nation, and they
have started a vicious and absurd rumor. This rumor
has it that The Company has drawn up plans to
construct a level concrete floor stretching the width
and length of the Valley upon which would be
constructed a multilevel city that would fill in
Yosemite Valley and clear the top by 250 ft. with
soaring columns saying CURRY CITY, Calif.

Also in California, Governor Ronald Reagan has
forcibly disbanded the conservationist Sierra Club
saying, “These culprits are trying to uproot our
national heritage along with the Black Panthers and
resolute in that we will sell even our environment
down the drain for a buck." (It should be noted
here that the Sierra Club was founded by John
Muir, naturalist. writer, explorer, who first explored
Yosemite VAlley and who is celebrated in the Curry
Company Museum in Yosemite Valley—admission
to the Museum is $1.00).

Ramparts magazine recently featured a realistic,
fictional article in which an eminent authority
predicts the destruction of all useful life in the sea
by 1975. World famine tool

Life magazine (no less) dumped on the Army for
fucking around with nerve gas, killing sheep with
the stuff, and for stupidly carting thousands of tons
of nerve gas, by train, throuin populated areas and
cities. It seems that the army dumped the gas into
the Atlantic Ocean off the Hersey shore when it
could have been chemically deactivated. Stupid.
Stupid. [1 could wipe the whole eastern seaboard off
the weather map.

Thousands of sheep were killed by Nerve Gas that
the Army got careless with. At first they wouldn’t
admit it, but you can‘t pretend that you don’t know
anything when everyone knows that you do. To
misquote Life magazine, "Just another example of
how the ofﬁcial lie can change to the ofﬁcial truth"
(That sounds revolutionary to me).

Furtlaamsore, sat
adverthed, for

Sunda New York
etc... y didn't they sdv'erthe Hams

SHAKMAII? . '

“Ens-oft, no more, tia not so sweet as it was
before." Shakespeare)

.....“Ah when mine eyes did see Olivia first, me
thought she purged the air of pestilence. So full of
shapes and fancy, that it alone is high fantastied.”
Rocky mountain sundown stirring a quiet breeze
across our rippling lake 10,000 feet above sea level.
Breast stroke my friends reﬂecting naked in the
warm evening. Mellow, mellow, mellow till I wish]
could show you all those feelings and the sanity of
our communication. “just one too many mornings
and a thousand miles behind.” listen, Baton, listen,
one, one, gone, take it, take it, take it,here,her'e,

re, Whooah, yes, but I now it. “Holy Ned, look
at that!" The moon had risen without our knowhg.
Hung full and brightred,juatb 'rele-edfrosn
the earth. Tonight was Arparm' moon. ltd
twenty-live to rty people from our commune a
mile away were convened upon this rock to dog
with it. Sing with voices of wolves and owls an
song to the ceremony of the living mountains, to
the breathing air, and to knowledge unspoken.
MOUNTAINS, LORD, GOD, LIVING, ORGANIZM
and FEELing the AUBURN GLOW IN HOLY
HALO CIRCLES the MOON HANNAH, HANNAH i
WISH, i WISH. Brothers, Brothers...

A week later I was arrested for trespassing on the
City of Boulder Watershed. The circumstances of
this Watershed remind me of catch 22. Like this...
picture the continental divide, with ﬁnger glaciers
running up it's massive ridges, in the midst of the
rocky mountains. WHERE ARE THEY? They are in
the USA, so therefore what I see as the rocky
mountains, the area residents see as the City of
Boulder Watershed. OK. dig this. If you want to see
the clearest water for miles around, and undisturbed
natural beauty, You’ve got to go to the City of
Boulder Watershed. In other words, that which is
really the rocky mountains is confined within a
posted fence and regarded by the City of Boulder
and it’s inhabitants as a watershed and not the
rocky mountains. DIG?

In Colorado, California, all over, and in your own
cities, there are people begging. They stop you in
the street smiling and with breasts partly hidden.
They aren’t ashamed or afraid of dope, they walk
with me to the lake naked whenever I see them, but
you or your best friend, congressman, mother, boss,
your god, I know many of you cringe and pass out,
break out, shout, rage, and kill my best lovers on
motorcycles. Your rasping piggish face is so well
known that (snort snort) you're a movie star. (Easy
Rider).

Ha Ha, last year I quoted Dylan every five
minutes, but now why quote? It‘s all there. These
words create something which is there. I found it all
over. Everything has been done, it is now still and
always will? be going on. Philosophy hasn‘t
progressed any further than the Ancient
Greeks-look for yourself and listen to the ancients.
They were as brillient as us - we are as rediculous as
they were - what’s the use?

DROPPING OUT!

I'm dropping out of college! I’m going to

withdraw as soon as I‘m sure what I’m going to do

about the draft. I wont be paid to kill another
people! The army has been around for a long time,
and it would be a different world if it didn't exist,
so I can only look to myself and challenge myself,
not the army. Death is not willing to die and life is
not willing to be born, and in the middle of this a
person stands. He must Turn his will to one or the
other, life death. If I let myself get into the position
of army death (which I wont) there would be just as
much chance that I would kill one of my
“comrades” as my killing some “gook.” lfl saw a
Sarge or Lt. or MP pretending that he wasn’t a
person, pretending that he was an object of
vengeance for some bullshit like the united states
then I would kill him rather than be a tool in his
stupid, dangerous senseless, weak and terrifying
game. People are people no matter where you go. If
you can‘t enjoy that then at least try to have some
respect for yourself. Don’t be a shit be a person!
This “decadent capitalistic system" a buck a buck a
buck a buck a buck— ----- -- go out and look - ----- -- hell
shit damn ----- --«try to understand—mm otherwise
you'll get caught with your pants down -----»— cause
the shit's gonna hit the fan.
THESE ARE THE NATURAL HYSTERJCS
WITH SENSE FROM WHEREEVER i MAY BE
the following blank lines are a wordless attempt
to communicate.

 

