  
  
   
            
    
 

,. .\ ‘_ .c..\cc m... _

 

Editorial Comment

Yes, the Department of Defense really does sponsor research right
here on the Albany State campus. The government’s most perverted
instrument for destruction has planted itself right in our midst.

But there are other things to consider about this issue before we
crazin destroy anything, including our own raging minds. The

research projects being sponsored by DoD appears and are, quite "

harmless when vieWed in a purely scientific perspective. That is, one
can pass off DOD sponsored research as simply contributing to the
existing body of knowledge—the pursuit of knowledge for
knowledge’s sake.

We must recognize that contemporary requirements necessitate the
funding of such pursuits. And money is scarce. However, the point
must not be lost that any orgnization that sponsors research will do so
only if that project will contribute to the organization‘s mission.

The Department of Defense is one of the few organizations that has
enough money to support many research projects that provide either
direct or only incidental contributions to its mission.

More to point (oh, how many points to consider), DoD would not
sponsor research that did not substantiate its own future missions.

It is necessary, therefore to consider exactly what that mission is.
We couldn’t say. We see the Defense Department as a conglomerate
industry developing exciting new ways to kill people at home and
around the world. We see the perverted development of chemical and
biological warfare. the perpetuation of the cold-war mentality
speciﬁcally through the development of ABM. We see the mentality as
pervading the character of all Americans. of the American society
collectively, closing minds to intellectual and spiritual development.

We must, in view of this, condemn the taking ofrnoney from such
an organization. We cannot support even research that may be quite
humanly beneﬁcial if it is tainted with money from an organization
that will twist the benefit into human horror.

Election Matters

The elections just over yesterday for University Senate did more
than merely elect 22 students to the Senate, they pointed out some
important matters which must be attended to.

The ﬁrst matter for consideration is the role of (‘cntral (‘ouncil in
the new University-Student Governance System. Obviously.
University Senate is now the most important legislative body on
campus; Council is now a less body and her place with respect to
University Senate should be made clear.

We feel it is highly important that there be some effective
communication between student "government" as it is now
constituted, and the students on the University governing board.

We urge Council to examine how this can best be accomplished. We
also feel a thorough examination of the entire structure of Student
Association government is imperative at this point.

Another development which was highlighted by the elections were
the ineffective methods of campaigning currently common practice on
campus,

We felt that the campaign for University Senate was. on the whole.
unsatisfying. Although there was a feeble attempt at communication.
it was for the most part ineffective.

We feel that something must he done to make the candidates more
responsible to the student body; as the situation exists currently.
there still is little discussion, really. of issues and next to no contact
between candidate and constituency.

in this election in particular, a knowledge of all candidates was next
to impossible. The space provided in this paper was not really enough
to allow all candidates to fully develop then points; yet, the mnnbcr
of essays to read was almost oppressive.

The planned rally was another failure; its original concept was
faulty, but student response was amazingly apathetic.

In previous years, smaller scale operations were for more successful
than this years rally, one of the basic reasons for this was. again. the
large number of candidates running this year.

All in all. one point comes through: the candidates Were for the
most part, either unable or unwilling to reach the mass of students.

One understandable reasonf for this failure was that each candidate
had a constituency of 8,000 undergraduates. If. perhaps, the next
time, students are elected to Senate a ratio system could be used, (i.c.,
electing from living areas or classes), perhaps the contact could be
greater and more fruitful.

We urge council (or any other appropriate body) to examine these
questions and attempt to devise solutions which will produce better,
more effective elections.

Cows

We have not printed the official ballot counts for the losers in the
exciting race for Faculty Senate as we feel it is absolutely unnecessary
public knowledge (although it is available for anyone interested
enough). and such a display may. in some cases, be cruel. The
candidates can ﬁnd out their position and tell anyone they please.
Central Council will probably have three cows. but...

157-” 5
low! or 5 Ho

I 7/1 P6"
0w, “,0 E

‘ﬂCFZTJWpo/NCTITW, (tr/r TttE Y!
Uri/AWL (All tfé‘ AN yup/mt:er
 “(rt‘tﬁrswtlt AND rFLt/(r

W ' or THE/t EA :5,

l JD 2 _____‘__"
.(Kytv ~.-... ,

/

/D
9/

 

 

    
 

line/v

5’1 y/

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, I969

VERY tssPtRlNG. BUT WHATARE
you TELLING Us .rruorwrs
Tm we DON’T ALREADY alt/ow?
How “007 TELLING IT To me
->. ESTABLISHMENT pres?

    

 
 

   
   

w
Cit/N, No NEED To (7“
UPTlGHT MAN. on
UN fﬂthN' Us;
WE LL TARP (ARE
0F Ultra/.36,”

COMMUNICATIONS

 

ASP responsibility

To the Editors:

On the front page of your October 17 issue,
you had a picture of the reading of the VietNam
war dead. Your caption for this picture rend:
“Students deploring the death culture, listening to
the names of those murdered by the government of

these United States."

I object to this caption for several reasons.
Firstly, you have no right to cditorialize your views
on the front page of our newspaper. ASP is
sponsored by funds from all of the students and is,
to the best of my knowledge, a non- partisan
publication. I do not object to the statement of
'our opinions but it should be in the appropriate
1 lace; the eitoriul page.

I object to the caption, secondly, because it is
so foolish. I expect such nonsense on the front page
of Pravda with the example of LBJ, you can see that
dead Americans are very bad politics for the nem
who are leading our government. Beyond that, by
defaming our government, you are defaming the
American people for they put Eisenhower,
Kennedy, Johnson, and Nixon into power. The
administrations of these men were and are a
manifestation of the will of the majority of hte
American poeple at the time of their elections. You
are calling the American people murderers and I
object to that very strongly. I realize that I am
lucky to live in this country with its opportunities. I
suggest that you think about this and refrain from
further childish impudcuce. Perhaps the United
States is wrong in its Vietnamese policy but that
doesn't make us criminal; just human.

l'm sure that ! am not alone in my views and I
hope that others will join me in this condemnation
of ASP.

I would like further to express the hope that
the editors of ASP will soon becomemore
responsible with their public trust.

Respectfully yours.
James Westmnn

You’re Right, You’re Right!

To the Editors,

We are writing this letter in response to your
front page picture of Friday. October 17 issue,
caption reading: “Students Deploring the Death
(.‘ulturc. listening to the names of those murdered
by the government of these United States." it
appears to us that the editors of the ASP were using
the paper as a means of expounding their personal
ideologies, We feel that the idea expressed in the
caption is as absurd as the idea of stating a similarity
betwcc n the U.S. colonial government under
President Washington with the Third Reich under
llillcr. It is not the US government that is
murdering our men in arms, but the Communist
guerrillas and North Vietnamese regulars-“People”
who hold life as a cheap commodity, who would
not stop short of "genocide" to meet their ends.
This issue in the “student's newspaper" is nothing
more than a group of student radicals expressing
their own views and not those of the university as a
whole.

’l‘wo concerned AMERICANS,

John J. Pavlis
Gary J. Hull

0 -

ASP illogtc
To the Editors:

A few remarks and questions to the author of
“Sanctuary” in your October 21st issue.

“Trouble” is an illusory term. On that much we
agree, But, if the University doesn‘t define trouble
in the context of established laws, then how should
it be defined? How can the University be accused of
saying, “You are ‘in trouble' if you a human being
with peculiarly human habits?“ That broad
generalization is not logically implied by the
statements: “you are ‘in trouble' if you protest"
and “you are ‘in trouble’ if you smoke marijuana."
There is no general law against being human with
peculiarly human habits, but. there is a law against
violent protest and smoking marijuana. The validity
of these laws is a question the University can and
should take a stand on, but the University can not
and should not choose to disregard these laws.

To whom is the remark, the "problem is with the
ridiculously antiquated education that does not aid
us in questioning our own morality or in
determining what our ‘troubles‘ are," addressed?
This remark can't fairly and justifiable be directed
at the University. as was implied.

Sincerely,
James E. Hertle

Flag Lowering
To the Editors:

oct 23

today on my way to a 6:30 class I witnessed the
lowering of the flag, as I watched I noticed a lack of
respect in the handling of old Glory. the fact that it
was cold out semmed to have more boring to our
S.U.N.Y. police officers than stand at atenchun.
hands in pockets and just genneral luck of respect
when the Blue Red & White touched the ground I
could not take anymore. could centreal counclc
appropriate some money to purchase a bookelet on
the proper way to handle the flag and present it as a
gift to our security force. Yimllt‘r

ASP STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two times a
week by the Student Association of the State University
of New York at Albany. The ASP editorial office is
located ln room 334 of the Campus Center. This
newspaper is funded by S. A. tax. The ASP was founded
by the class of 1918. The ASP phones are 457-2190,
2194.

 

Editors-in-Chicf
Jill Poznik iii Ira Woll'mun

News Editor . . . . . . . . , . . . . . li’ulliy Iluaclnan

Ilsam'iulc News Editor . . . . . . . . . .Aniln ’I‘Iiuycr

Arts Edilor . . . . . . . . . . . . .lhrryl Lynnt' Wager

Sporls [Editor . . . . , . . . . . , . . . . . . ,I)rurc ("ink

'l‘ct'hnieul IL'dilor . . . . . . . . . . . , , . I’nl ()‘Ilcrn

Assistant 'f‘echnicul fi‘dilors . 'l‘om (Tlr'ngun
Linda Stanzufr
Photography li'dilor . . . Andy llochhcrg
Business Illunugcr . . . . . . . . . . . . (.‘Iruclr Itlbnk
Advertising Manager . . . . . . . . Danie! Foxnmll
Features Editor . . . . . . . . . . Harry Kiruchner

The Albany Student Press an "no: no rmponllbllity for
opinionl expressed in in columns and communication! as
such supra-alone do not necessarily reflect Its vlowa.

 

 

 

 

l

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT

PRESS

 

No Credit
Passed

 

 

 

 

 

FOR-THE FII'IST TIME in the University's history, students are in a position of potential power,
as a result of the rnclusron of 33 students in the Faculty (University) Senate.

State unmet

‘. \

rm. October as. 1959

 

miltleman

On to Washington! Court

decision in favor of buses

by Aralynn Abare

November 15 will see SUNYA
buses in Washington, after all.

Supreme Court has ruled, by a
three to two margin, that Student
Association’s money allotment to
“assist in financing a fleet ofbuses
to be sent form Albany to
Washingon," is constitutional.

The Court's majority decision
(supported by Justices Lieberman,
Handleman, and Stephan) was
based on the right of the Political
and Social Positions Committee to
“coordinate involvement in
political and social controversies
and questions.“

According to the Court, PSP
Committee was acting within its
power by "coordinating the
efforts of 2797 petitioners" who
called for SA’s outlay of junds.

The Court stated that

O’Dwycr to

110 more

by Vicki Zelden

Yes, Paul O'Dwycr will run
again in l97t). Mr. O'Dwycr hopes
that the war will not be an issue in
his campaign or in the primaries
coming up in June. Of course this
is tip to President Nixon. And, as
Mr. O'Dwycr stated “we are all
waiting for Mr. Nixon to reveal his
plan for peace, but the pcrogative
of silence is his." Mr. O'Dwycr
covered a wide range of topics in
his Sunday evening speech. He
discussed the war, the
moratorium, the draft and other
relevant. topics of interest.

On the war Mr. O'Dwycr feels
that the war in Vietnam is
immoral. He hopes that it will be
ended rind that our boys will be
sent home immediately.

Mr. O'Dwycr also feels that
Vietnam musl be the last war. lie
wants no more Vietnums.
However he does believe that in
order for this to happen a
complete and total change is
needed in the State Department
so that national policy can be

precedent had been set last year
when the Committee coordinated
“a massive letted writing
campaign...to protest the
proposed cut in state aid to
education." (bills 6869-119 &
6869-115)

The monority Opinion of
Justices I-lealt and Potskowski
stated that “PSP Committee,
in...providing for the allocation of
ﬁnancial assistance to groups or
individuals expressing a particular
interest or cause, did not act
within the limits" of its power.

Basis for this conclusion lay in
the argument that the two
“precedent seetting” bills and the
more recent bus allocation,
sponsored by the PSP Committee,
“do not merely coordinate the
efforts of a particular group, but
are of a supporting nature.”

In another decision, the Court

run again
Vietnams

altered. Mr. O‘Dwycr would like
to see a Department of Peace.

O'Dwycr thinks that the best
course of action is to have a
voluntary army as opposed to a
conscription service. He does not
think that this is the perfect plan
but he feels that it is the best for
now. O'Dwycr definitely does not
want the draft age lowered. It is
his opinion that the young people
of this country must remain here
and be prepared to preserve our
democracy.

O‘Dwycr thinks that the draft
law must be amended. The
classification of conscientious
objector must be clarified and
broadened. He does not think that
conscientious objection should be
for noncompliance to the system
but rather for each to be able to
register his objection to a specific
war.

O'Dwycr commended the
peaceful actions taken by the
people on Oct. 15. As for the
November movement, O'Dwycr
continued to page 2

unanimously ruled that, becasue
I’SP Committee is a committee
and not a “partisan political
group," it is not subject to bill
6768-73, (which bars SA from
directly financing “any group
which advocates any specific
partisan political viewpoint.)

The increased responsibility of
Student Association to all
members of the University, both
the minority and the mojority,
because all must now pay a
mandatory student tax, was the
last point ruled upon by the
Court.

Supreme Court fully agreed
that, because students are given
no. choice as to whether or not to
pay the tax, their right to decide
how the funds will be spent must
be fully protected.

The Board of Trustees'
resolution concerning what types
of programs may be supported by
student tax was not considered
“under the jurisdiction” of the
court and no ruling was made,

PaSs- fail passed by

University Senate

by Diane McNamara
staff reporter

In an historic first meeting with
student senators participating as
voting members the University
Senate (Faculty Senate) yesterday
approved the proposal for
Pass-Fail grading in all freshmen
classes immediately and to include
sophomores next year. After
approximately 35 minutes of
discussion the senators approved
adoption by a vote of51-3l.

The meeting opened with the
introduction of the new student
senators! Dr. Finklestein.
chairman of the executive
committee reported the results of
a faculty poll concerning the
pass-fail question. The results
were l‘)O in favor, 14‘) opposed.
The next report was from Dr.
Aronson. chairman of the
Undergraduate Academic Council
moved the adoption of the
controversial pass-fail
proposal. Discussion followed in
which most of the same
arguments both for and against
were brought up. Dr. Maurit'l.
Johnson proposed an amendment
to the proposal which called for
the pass-fail system to be effective
only alter the university had
changed its admissions policies
and not require grades ofA,B,C,D
or Ii for transfer students from
other SUNY schools. This
amendment would have delayed
the vote on the pass-fail question
since admission policies would
have to be studied. The
amendment was defeated in a
voice vote.

Discussion then returned to the
pass-fail proposal. Terry Mathias
cited a recent poll of students in
which 777 said they favored the
pass-fail proposal and 224 were
opposed. In a freshman vote 4l9
approved and 80 were opposed.
He concluded by urging action on
the issue.

Dr. Eson brought up the
question of whether the adoption
of the pass-fail system was really
going to change the institution.
He stated his belief that it
wouldn’t because of the individual
nature of classes, but concluded
that he would vote for the system
because evidence cited in polls

 

PAUL OlDWYER called for “no more Vietnam" and a department

of Peace in a speech here Sunday.

barrio "11!:

and committee reports seemed to
favor adoption. He felt that
further discussion would be futile
and time wasting and moved the
question. The motion, which
required a 2/3 majority, carried
by a vote of 48-24.

The pass-fail proposal was then
put up for a vote and approved
51-3]. The vote by the
undergraduate senators was 10
approving and 11 opposing with
one senator not present for the
vote. Thus the student vote was
not, in any way. crucial to
passage. as many had thought it
would be.

After the approval Dr. Charles
Reilly expressed his tregret that
the discussion had been cut off by
the manipulation of parliamentary
rules. He felt that his rights and
the rights of others to be heard on
the issue had been denied.

Dr. Eson replied that the issue
had been discussed for 18 months.
that numerous task forces and
councils had considered the
question, polls had been taken
and just about all sides had been
heard thoroughly. As to the
discussion being cut off he cited
the 2/3 vote required to do so.

For the moment the issue died
and the senate considered other
business. A proposal for parking
control passed after an
amendment by Dave Neufeld to
keep the restricted areas open for
general parking from 10 a.m.-3
am. on Saturday and Sunday.

The Senate next considered

endorsement of a proposal by the.

Committee on Student Conduct
concerning disciplinary removal of
students from residence balls. The
issue of action on
endorsementwas overlook as
students discussed the merits of
the committee proposal. It was
pointed out that the Senate had
no authority over the proposal
and so those concerned should use
other channels. Endorsement was
approved in a voice vote.

A motion to adjourn was asked
for but before that could be acted
on student senators spoke on the
polarization that they had felt
during the meeting. Dr. Kuusisto
expressed surprise at this but
admitted that perhaps he saw the
issues through a “different sense."

Discussion then returned to the
issue of discussion being cut off
on the pass-fail question. Dr.
Perlmuttcr state that the vote
could be rescinded if anyone
wished to act upon it in future
meetings.

Another senator again moved
for adjournemtn, citing the late
hour as the reason for the feelings
of polarization. A voice vote was
taken and Dr. Kuusisto called the
meeting adjourned. Students felt
that the vote was too close to call
and asked for a hand vote. The
motion carried and the meeting
adjourned in an air of increased
polarization.

Student Senators voting yes on
the grading pro osal were
Coleman, Gi )ertson,
Goldschmidt, Kam . Krausc.
Loopcr, Mathias, Neu eld, Stuino,
and Vilano. Voting no were
Blumenstulk, Green, Kopp,
LaBarberu, Landesman. Mirror.
Moriber, Schwartz, Spear,
Toppell, and Zipper. Nixon was
absent.

  

a,

 

. «a w.

. .....——~....

 

