 
  
     

  
 
    
    
   
     
  

  
 
 
 
 
 

   
 
   
  
  

< r»,~.y;;.z.z'.r~.;....' .

 

 

waspsv' ransom is. 1969

 

 if) i f f) f? l /\ l,

i _- y of the State of New Yorkwill

  

 oftlie unds'of the law. . ‘ . _ I
' dents to contact tlteir Assémblymen by phone or, if

if stampede their offices with personal appearances. Perhaps if

- .’ studentsn'uk‘vtlieir parents (taxpayers) to call their Assemblymen it

wouldhave a still greater‘effect; ‘ ‘ _

There *iié‘ii'numb‘er'of decisively important issues involved in this

' bill not the tombs whichis that or. academic freedom. , .

No Outside political body can be allowed in the internal regulation
of the University. The right of disciplining students, belongs within the
Universitycommuntty. I r, v '., , ' ., .

The academic ' freedom within this community must not be
intimidatedeven by the state legislature. The University community,
in wordspf President Collins, is solely “responsiblé for its own

' self-discipline." , _ ‘

Another discrepancy in the bill puts the student in the position of
being doubly jeopardized. If passed by the Assembly the student
would not only receive punishment for committing a crime, but
would, in addition be discriminated against by having his scholarship
taken away. , '

We must understand that it is all too easy for those outside the
university'to misunderstand our motives for protest. It is easy to see
violence and react by punishing those who seem to destroy the
established social order of the present.

It is much more difficult for those not involved in the changing
order to understand the reasons why these violent eruptions occur.

Perhaps we should try harder to comprehend the forces involved in
these issues and try with still greater effort to make our views more
articulate and widely known.

In this manner it may still be possible to involve still greater
numbers in the social revolution.

CALL Assemny switchboard phone number 472-3100 and ask for
your Assemblyman. If you do not know who your assemblyman is the
switchboard operator will be able to give you his name. The bill

number is 524s.

Educational Worth

Look back on the past term of study. Or the past year. Or the past
14, 15 or 16 years of education. Are you satisﬁed? Have you absorbed
enough "knowledge" to make yourself feel justiﬁed over spending one
quarter of your life scribbling facts, taking tests and getting grades,
instead of existing in the real world?

For the educational system in the US today, (and probably every
educational system in the world throughout the ages) is a refuge from
the realities of the world.

You've taken the next logical step up from high school, so you're
now pursuing your studies at a University. You are supposed to spend
the next four years in preparation for entrance into the world of
reality. But examine your courses; examine'the time you've already
spent. Is this any preparation for reality? Will you be any more able to
take yom place in life after four years of classes here?

The overwhelming majority of maturing that occurs on the college
campus is brought about by living and interacting with other people,
not by classroom experiences. This may seem natural, but it is not
desirable. For while our personalities mature at their own respective
rates by interacting;our classes fail to mature us intellectually.

The reason for this is that our system orients itself around the
regurgitation of facts. If we can vomit back on an examination the
facts we have gleaned from our history text, we may get our desired
B. The course is a success. If you can memorize the chart on page so
and so in your Chem text perfectly. maybe you'll get your A.
Therefore, all assume you‘ve learned a great deal. While we may be
rewarding hard work in this manner, isn’t the work misdirected?
Memorizing trivia one day and forgetting it the next is not the way to
make education meaningful.

Few will deny that a basic conception of some facts is a
prerequisite to appreciating any ﬁeld of study. But this sytcrns‘
fantastic infatuation with fact after fact has led to an education which
for the most part, is meaningless after it is completed.

The truth is that the search for meaning has not yet uncovcrcd
many answers. We continue to look for ways to make our classroom
experience a more meaningful one. To tliosc professors who attctttpi
to create a meaningful discussion and succeed (and they are very rare)
thanks must be but a small rcward. 'flic ability to create a meaningful
course is not easily cultivated.

Iiut licrc is Wlicrc the student who Is tigrcctng so far with what has

been written comes in If you‘ve bccn shaking your head "yes." and
you agree. ask yoursclf if you responded to that one teacher in twenty
who has given yoti the chance at a rclcvancy. Did you work Wllll the
new feeling of freedom to Cicitlc, to expand your littrllttlth. to
broaden your scope'.‘ Or did you use that new found freedom to no
advantage. let it slip by, find yourself lloundcrirtg because there was

no oppressive structure to make you conform?

The point is this: if education becomes more challenging. students
must rise to meet that challenge. It is not an easier way otil. for
example, to have an niircgimcntcd coursc--it demands more time and
effort on the part of the student, as well as more interest on the part
of the professor. In both cases, the faculty member and the student,
the iinlivnlttal must begin to think anew. This is more awe-inspiring,
nioic frightening, more challenging than any ISU question multiple
clioicc Icst could t:'/t:t be.

Morc to he said on this tn the future.

bill b‘a‘rri‘iig‘iiid to college students who protest ’

  

 

 

 

Communications

 

 

All communications must be addressed to the

editor and must be signed.

subject to editing.

Hillel Speaks

To the General Community and Administration of
the State University of New York at Albany:

To protect the gbod name of Hillel and its officers
and members, we of the executive Board of Hillel
Society feel it necessary to indicate and clarify our
position in regard to this newly organized coalition
which is now called Ohm Israel (the nation of Israel),
formerly the Hebrew Students Alliance.

To begin with, we at Hillel are in the same position
as the university community in awaiting to see what;
policies and methods of implementation that will be
adopted. At this time we neither condemn nor
condone the establishment of this new political
coalition on campus.

Further we feel an explanation is needed to
counter the suspicion that this coalition is formed by
the Hebrew Students in the Hillel Hebrew course.
The establishment of this organization and its name,
we understand, were to be established at this
organization meeting February 13, 1969.

The ad hoc name which unfortunately was
misleading, we are told, was used to attract attention
and not suggest any Hillel involvement whatsoever.
This new Ohm Israel political organization is not
related in any way to the Hillel Society. '

Many of their members are Hillel members and we
will not ask them to drop their allegiance to Hillel
society. Members of Ohm Israel are acting as
responsible individuals apart from Hillel and
independent of any instigation from Hillel or its
officers.

Finally. we would like to reiterate our intentions
about. Hebrew and an eventual mideaslern studies
department. Hillel in association with Dean
Perlmutter of Arts and Sciences will attempt to
formulate curriculum and courses to recommend to
curriculum committee.

Atid, the cultural arm of Hillel, will endeavor to
propose the curriculum to the Hillel executive board
and then the Hillel Faculty Board.

It is our hope that with this framework we can
help develop one of the best mideastern studies
program in the State University system,

Communications are

isolated, but an iteng part of American society. It
will also remind the non-Negro of the task that lies
before him if the Negro is to achieve full political and

social equality. John Hugemn
lra M. Bandel

Semitic Studies

To the Editors: ,

In answer to Mr. Ahmed M. Metwalli’s letter
(printed in the Friday, February 14 ASP), which
criticized the structure of the yet-to-be-established
Semitic Studies Department, I, on behalf of Ahm
Yisrael (People of Israel), originally the Hebrew
Students Alliance, would like to correct any notions
held on this desired department.

What: makes Mr. Metwalli assume that only Hebrew
language, culture, and history is the goal of Ahm
Yisrael? There has been no announcemnet as to what
specific courses we desire in the program, save for the
,one in the ad in the ASP of Tuesday, February It.
And yet in this ad. our wish wasstated as follows:
“The establishment of a department of Semitic
studies, to include language, culture, and history.”
No mention was made as to which languages and
cultures, and, more important, the statement was
obviously not. limited to Hebrew.

It. is my personal and sincere hope that when such
a department is established at. this University, it will
include such languages as Hebrew, Arabic, Persian.
Turkish, Amharic, and any regional others for which
a demand is heard, including “archaic” ones such as
Assyrian and Sumerian. To do so, the department
would more appropriately be titled "Middle Eastern
Studies," in order to embrace such non-Semitic
tongues as Persian, etc. I would be happy inddEd to
see a Middle Eastern "tudies Department. here
teaching the cultures of the whole fascinating Middle
East, the cradle of civilization.

Sincerely,
Judith Kirschner

 

Respectfully,
llersh Cousin
President, for the Hillel Executive Board

BSA Demands

Recently, the Black Student Alliance aubmitlvrl a
list of (It-inaiids to l’rt-sitlcnl (.‘ollins for additional
black studios courses and a new department.

Although we sympathize with the black person's
search for recognition. we feel that in the long run an
independent black studies program will only widen
the racial gap.

Secondly, we believe it dangerous precedent has
been set. The Illack Student Alliance was consulted
in the approval of the new black studies department.

Suppose the Hebrew Alliance asks for the some
consideration. Can they be denied? Our point. is that
this country is not populatEd by Negroes, Jews, Irish,
or Italians, but by Americans.

We believe the solution lies not in segregating our
historical studies. but. rather in combining those of‘
both blacks and whites lulu one American studies.

ASP STAFF

The Albany Student. Press is published two
times a week by the Student. Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. ’I‘he ASI’
office is located in Itoom 382 of the Campus
Comer ’I‘his newspaper is funded by S.A. ’I‘ax.

 

Editors-in ClilEf
l’uzrit'k and Wot/man
News Editor
Associate News Editor
Arts Editor
Sports Editor

’l'lm Keeley
Kathy Iluscmari
Carol Schunr
Jim Winslow

Feature Editor Gary Gelt
Technical Editors Put O'llern, Bill Shapsc
Photography Editor Ed Potshowshi'

Philip Frunchini
Danie! Fox man

lllili times [I 0

Business Manager
Advertising Manager

The Albany Student Press
responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reflect its views.

 

This will starve to remind the Negro he is not an

 

 

 

masonr- FEBRUARY 18,1969 _

ALBANY sruosur 

 

 

rrir m rue

by CAROL FRENCH

 

 

It is gratifying to note that the articles by Mr. M. J.
Rosenberg last Week contributed greatly to a
dtspasaionate atmosphere conducive to calm

reflection and the rational search for truths proper to.

a university.

The Arab-Israeli dispute being one of the most
explosively emotional issues today, too often an aura
of emotionalism. if not hysteria, pervades any
attempt to diseuu it intelligently. With this in mind,
Mr. R. is to be commended.

It is always comforting to know of someone who
knows which opinions are kosher and which are not,
among both Jews and the rest of us.

Perhaps out of all this will come an Un-Jewish
Activities Committee, to carry us all back to the good
old days of the 1950's, during the tenure of the first
Sen. McCarthy.

It will have been too late for the Rosenbergs,
though. Or maybe it'll resurrect the good old days of
Salem; they, too, knew right. opinions from wrong
ones.

Of course, that neither witches nor an
“international communist conspiracy" exists
bothered no one. It seldom does. The Salem witch
hunters live on, in the KKK, the Minutemen, etc.

For these people a difference of opinion becomes a
wrong opinion, for which a Jew forfeits his
Jewishness and the rest of us become anti-semitic.

Thus does a Jew like Mr. Peter Buch, former
Socialist Workers Party Congressional Candidate in
the 19th CD, become un-Jewish despite his having
fled the Nazis from Turkey to France before getting
one of the last boats out of Marseilles in 1940, and
having lost nearly all but his immediate family in

Mr. Buch himself, however, does not make much
of this, for he realizes that If 6,000,000 of his people
died that way, so did 9,000,000 others—mostly Polea,
but also many Ukrainians and some anti-Nazi
Germans, including German communists.

Hitler apparently considered Mr. Such a Jew if Mr.
Rosenberg does not. .

Who and what determines Jewiahneas? Opinions?
Does a man cease to be a Jew because he disagrees
with the state of Israel? '

Like the other Jews in the Young Socialist Alliance
and the SW'P, Mr. Buch refuses to accept only the two
categories of Zionism or anti-semltlsm, and the rest of
us refuse to accept support of Zionism or

anti-semitism.

We see at least one other alternative, as
non-socialists, I am sure, see yet. another. None, Mr.
R., are anti -sernitic if we disagree.

YSA supports the formation of the Hebrew
Student Alliance, with a modiﬁcation: that the Dept.
of Semitic Studies be a Dept. of Middle Eastern
Studies, to include not. only Hebrew but also Arabic,
Amharic, and all other cultures, languages, and
histories of the Middle East.

Subsequently, I'll explain our position of
nonsupport for the state of Israel and support of
Jewish people. Next, Al Fatah~what it is, what it is
attempting to do. and the dangers, it poses for the
Arab regimes as well as for the state of Israel. Finally,
I shall discuss Zionism and the black liberation
struggles in the U.S.

If YSA's or anyone else’s ideas are unpopular, we
nevertheless have the right to hold them, express

Hitler’s camps.

them, and advocate them. Fascism is not. with us yet.

 

 

On The Other Hand

by Tern Ceroone and Doug Geldsclrmldt

 

 

“Brothers we are gathered here
today to convene this Central
Council of the Church of No
Saints."

(“Hallelujah brother Nixont")

“Brothers, these are troubled
budgetary times, when those
heathen treasurers, those pagan
spendthrifts, are everyday
conspiring to tear the limbs from
our tree of life.

(“In other words brothers,
those filthy bastards are trying to
get our money.)

(“Tell it like it. is," shouted
brother Kapless. “Amen” snored

sister Eileen.)
“Our immortal bard, Dr.
Carveem, author of that

inspirational book ‘Slare at the
Ceiling and it. will go Away’, will
now lead us in his latest song: ‘No
one can Con Cahn (or Let's all
Cry Like the Treasurers Cry)‘
(sung lo the tune of 'We’re Having
a Heat Wave’):

‘Budgets are rising

the money is falling,

Treasurers crying,

our clubs are all dying,

But no one can con, Cahn.

The Council is falling,

the debt is appalling,

We try to do something,

but. no one does nothing,

for no one can con, Cahn.’

((‘Amen" cried Dr. ‘Bucklot.)

“And now for a word from
'I‘axvem Terry: ‘Who'll pay the
tax? Who’ll pay the tax? ’I‘nx, tax,
tax. pruy more tax. ’I‘ax, tax, tax.
pay your tax or get the axe.’

“And now the apostle of
power, our Lady of Iiurden, will
lead us in a chant to our diety:
‘Give me a P, give me an 0, give
me a W.E,R~Whul does it.
spell't-‘I’OWnER. What. do I want?
“POW-ER, POW-ER, POW-Ell.
Linda wants POW—ERR "

"Brothers, some commie Oldlot.
infidels have recently tried to take "Amen"
3W3! “shriek” shrieked Linda.

all but our budgeting powers. ” “Hallalujah.")
(“BM that's the (3le Power we “The ﬁnal meditation for

have” screamed brother Dug. today, brothers, is ‘Trust in God,

“Lynch him-~Amen. amen, but tie your camel,"

anyman" moaned the ladies of (AMEN)

Council.)

 

ran week this column decried the militant minoritiee'jhiiih‘

cropping up in our universities. It did so on the pragmatic basis that? "f
these few are exceedingly dangerous to'the university both Internally,‘ ' '

and also externally, in terms of the public lrnagslandpotentialx
reaction the militants necessarily evoke in society at large. .. t:

The activities of the violent were opposed also on  l. V ‘

violence and anti-lntellectualiam have no place in our univﬁaitlea. ,

The column closed with a plea to students to actively engage’and '

counteract those groups.
Obstacles to Organization .' " ‘  i

The question which should be entertained now, is whether ornot '. ‘ 

such reaction on the part of the student body can be forthcoming; or
more precisely, what are the obstacles which impede. such
organization? ,

Undeniably. the first and foremost obstacle is student apathy. the
doctrine of noninvolvement. This difficulty has long plagued the
university—Albany being a striking case in point. '

While the reasons for this need not be gone into here, the fact
remains that if the militants are to be successfully oppdse‘d, this"
obstacle must be overcome. A quantitative and qualitative majority is
going to be needed to counter the dedicated minority.

Second, and closely related to the first obstacle, is the fact that, as It,

in society as a whole, the average college student lives content with
the status quo. He has no desire to interfere or upset the militants
because he incorrectly feels that they create no danger to him; and
that an active opposition to them would, indeed, constitute a radical
change in his environment.

Opposing the Minority

Moreover. our average college student tends to feel that opposing
the minority would be undemocratic, unintelligent,
unproductive—testimonial to the success and inﬂuence of the
minority.

He feels, it seems, as if his opposition would constitute a radical
departure from what is; that he would be classified as not being “with
it." Again, the problem of the status quo is aroused-ostracism is a
real, if needless, fear.

Finally, there lies the problem of knowing how to deal with the
militant.

Almost. universally, administration and faculty (and in a few cases,
student) opposition to militants on the campus has been unsuccessful.
The trouble seems to be that the approach taken so far has been either
to give in, or to fight with violence, the violent minority. And this has
not worked.

A New Approach
For this reason, a new approach must. be suggested. A broad.
coalition of students is need to actively—but nonviolently—engage the
militants. Nonviolently it can be done—an idea to be further explored.

 

"Why can't we allow this? I’ll
tell you why: Give me a .1, Give
me an 0, Give me a B--Whal. does

itspell?"

(Job”)

“What will we lose?”

(“Our jobs, our jobs, our
jobs”)

“All those desiring to join
brother Wiseman in his holy

crusade against the infidels, those
who have dared to defy the
teachings of this church, of this
sacred institution, of this mothers’
breast of all religions meet at.
Minerva at high noon and don’t
forget your ropes."

(“Give me that. old time
religion, That good old time
religion, It's good enough for
me." said the STB Chorus.)

“It. was good enough for
Cleaveland, It. was good enough
for Cleaveland, It was good
enough for Cleaveland, and it's
good enough for me."

“It was good enough for
Mishcan. if was good enough for kumquats.

‘. ., . ' 'v y . y ‘

Mish'can and it. h good enough tor May be. But

L‘lllrollicrs, this day brother
I'Iousa will start his crusade to
plant l'lowurs iii the sidewalks to
prevent hotrodding. .loin him in
this sacred trust to stop the
pagans. Don't bring your wallets
or your wives, brothers. ’I‘hoiic
pagans have been attacking all
over and you never cantell when
you may lose your wallet or see
your wife raped."

(“My wallet" screamed Dave

about.

 

AN OPEN IN

 

Sabbath Services
(Reformed)
Every Friday evening at 3:90 pm
TEMPLE BETH EMETH
100 Academy Road, Albany, N.Y.
Transportation arranged by calling 436-976l by each Thursday

VITATION

’ Did yon like
beer the first time
you tasted it?

A lot of people say no. They say
beer is one of those good things
you cultivate a taste for . . . like
olives, or scotch,

think it makes a dif—
ference which brand of
beer we’re talking

We think Budweiser
is an exception to this “you’ve
gotta get used to it” rule. It’s
so smooth. (You see, no other

Budweiser. is the King of Beers.

beer is Beechwood Aged; it’s
a costly way to brew beer, and
it takes more time. But it

or works.)
So whether you’re
we one of the few who

has never tried beer,
or a beer drinker who
suddenly feels the
urge to find out why
so many people enjoy
Budweiser, we think you’ll
like it.
From the very ﬁrst taste.

 

 

 

 

 

MIMEUSERJUSCN, "ID. I 5'. lOUlS - NEWARK I LOS ANGELES - TAMPA o HOUSTON o COLUMBUS

(But you know that)»

 

 

 

    
 

   
   
  
    
   
  

     
  

   
   
 

    
 
  
  
 
 
   

   
  
 
   
 

       
  

    

      
    
 
  
 
  

   
 
  
  

          

i.

       
       
      
      
           
         
    
  
     
  
  
    
 
     
    
    
   
  
   
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
    
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
     
     

