  

  
 
  
  
 
  

EDITOR“ l. (:0
DemonstratiOn
The New York State legislature 'wili be faced with one of the
largestdemorp’tretionsever this Tuesday. -

It seems as if virtually the entire college population of N.Y. City-

will come to the Capitol that day to “protest the forboding education
budget cuts.

We deplore the treatment education is receiving from the
legislature. The budget cuts must not pass! '

For this carnpus it would mean 50 fewer faculty members necessary
to maintain ‘the present student-faculty ration. It would mean no
implementation this year of the General or Experimental College, this
University’s first venture into relevant education.

It is obvious-that we must work together as a uniﬁed political and
social force to prevent further deficiencies in our education.

For these reasons, we wholly support the demonstration at the
Capitol Tuesday. We believe that the appearance of large numbers of
students will demonstrate the grave concern we allhave for the future
of education in this state. .

Students must be alerted to this impending danger and, once
informed, act on that information cooperatively for the common
good.

Not only are informed students necessary, but faculty also. ln-the
past, our professors have proven themselves worthless academicians in
the sense that they have not shown concern for our endeavors. This,
we feel, is a major reason why past efforts have failed.

Now they may take a leading role. They must inform students in
their classes of the threat facing all of us, and what students can do
about it. We expect, again, that our professors will take advantage of
their leadership to aid students by participating in our education and
in our demonstration. We need them.

There may never be a more opportune time to demonstrate our

. concern for the perpetuation and improvement of our educational
institutions. There certainly will not be a better time for dialogue and
communication.

Assembly open letter

TO: MEMBERS OF THE ASSEMBLY OF N.Y. STATE
ATTENTION: ASSEMBLY SPEAKER DURYEA

When you appointed a task force to review and revise the Flynn
Anti-Riot Bill, we had suspected the worst, for the members of that
task force were the most conservative members of The Assembly, who
seemed opposed to any intelligent approach to campus disorders.

Today, we see our worst suspicions were well founded. Your task
force has outdone itself by creating a bill which attempts to please
everyone—but shows an amazing lack of regard for the guarantee of
equal rights under the law.

It was very wise of your task force to realize that the best place for
dealing with academic problems is in an academic setting. It warms
our heart to see that you have realized that taking away a student's
scholarship (for demonstrating and being arrested) punishes him twice
for the same crime—something we all know is not in the democratic
tradition, Mr. Duryea.

But your insistence on “preventing student disorders" has resulted
in an amazing lack of good judgement on your part.

Can you seriously believe that it is an equitable law that creates a
new criminal category (i.e., “Aggravated Disorderly Conduct"), with a
new criminal sentence (i.e., one year in jail and $1,000 maximum
ﬁne) for students convicted of “disrupting” wihtin 500 feet of a
campus?Why is it “aggravated” when it is 500 feet away, and merely
“disorderly conduct" when it is 501 feet away'lCan this be a serious
attempt at effectively solving the problem?

Can you see justice, Mr. Duryca, in the provision that makes a
student who has been convicted twice (in an unlimited period) of
aggravated disorderly conduct (arrested in a demonstration) eligible
for up to seven years in jail?ls it justiﬁable to charge him with a
felony—thereby placing on a student's record a charge which would
seriously jeopardize his chances of entering a profession or business
requiring a state license?

You, too, Mr. Duryea. have fallen into that oh-so-easy trap. You
have attempted to solve one of the pressing problems facing us today
by attacking the surface manifestations of that problem. You say.
"(This law) gives society further protection." Mr. Duryea, can you
seriously believe that? Universities are the cornerstone to a free
society. No society that represses its students so harshly and
irrationally is protected; rather, the institution of equality under the
law is threatened.

lt greatly grievss us to see that you havenot attempted to find out
why student unrest is evident on campuses across the state today—you
have only looked at the how to of stopping demonstrations. This is
sad, Mr. Duryca, for it will ultimately accomplish nothing.

The inequalities inherent in this bill are overwhelming. The lack of
real thought behind this bill is freightening. Although it returns some
of the jurisdiction to the University Administration. this bill is not
more lenient than the misdirected Flynn bill; it rather is more
dangerous. The Speaker of the Assembly has made a grievous error in
allowing this bill to come out of committee in any forrn~worst of all
(we hope) in the newest form. '

We havebeen informed that Governor Rockefeller may sign the bill
in its new form. This bill is a violator of the principles of equal
guarantee of rights and equal punishment under the law. it is grossly
unfair and amazingly inconsistent. We urge all students to make every
effort to insure that there is a torrent of protest against tlus latest
attempt by the Assembly to destroy dissent on campus.

 

nMENT"

 

  

A Un‘Vérmty (5 Qurfe

 

guru/qr: To d'L

 

57

.73.»; / dOfJ

(me /c{f€. -

\l

 

Communications

 

 

All communications must be addressed to the
editor and must be signed. Communications are

subject to editing.

‘Thanks ’

To the Editors: '

On behalf of myself, Coach Lewis, CoCaptaina
Rich Margison and Scott Price and all of the players
on the team, I would like to take this opportunity
to offer my sincere gratitude to the scores of
Albany basketball fans who have followed us
wherever we have played this year.

I feel that this excellent support has been a great
factor in deciding a great many of those close
"road" games in our favor.

It ’was particularly gratifying to see the continued
enthusiasm during the Wagner game at the Eastern
Regional despite the apparent outcome of the game.
To me it was a deserving tribute to a "gutsy" team
that overcame many physical handicaps in order to
reach the tournament.

To all of us—- you are number one.

Sincerely,
Dick Sauers
Basketball Coach

Campus Viewed

To the Editors:
I just received a copy of a letter that. a student at
Oneonta State wrote his parents.

"Yesterday, a few of us went to Albany, visited
the Albany Campus. Wouldn't care to attend that
place. It’s not only overwhelmingly large but very
sterile looking. More science-fiction looking than
Oneonta's new buildings. They all look alike. No
personality, no individual evident. Imuch prefer
living off campus in a small city like Oneonta than
in the middle of the Albany Sahara. Can you
imagine living on the 24th floor of a dormitory?
The whole place is like a moon port."

How's that for a good, unbiased judgement on
our campus by an Air Force-veteran student?

F. Dickey
83-328

Where Is Love?

To the Editor:

I have just finished watching several ’I‘.V. programs
and reading some newspaper and magazine articles as
I now take pen ln hand to jot these few terse
remarks.

Where has true love gone—or is it just hiding? [see
so much sex and “making love” in the empty lives of
people today. Must we show our lack of
self-confidence and sane attitude‘ toward the
physiological aspects of courtship and marriage by

giggling and making sick jokes of it and a mockery of
its sanctity?

This writer (age 24) still believes that people marry
to form a new way of life, call it “leading each other
to Salvation," yet, it is still a peace of mind, not a
piece of body!

Does anyone believe in the man as Father and
decisive arbiter of the household in whose hands the
scales of domestic justice lie? Does anyone believe in
people with self control, unselfish aims, similar
economic philosophies, thoughts on a common
experience to all beings—God: actually loving each
other because of themselves as they exist spiritually
apart from the physical and fisical realm?

Is this type of love such an Eleusinian mystery
that we must substitute instead the bacchanal orgy of
mass worship of the transitory and physical? This
writer, for one, feels love is sacred and not to he
laughed at. True love is first and foremost the mutual
growing of two people so that they think similarly
and are using the same basic philosophy to achieve a
homo-pneumatic and high unity and peace.

It is out of this search and the sheer enjoyment of
each other and true comrader in Union that first
formed, fed the developing, and shall sustain (in
more mature years) that "beautiful" quality called
love.

It is not so much mind over matter as it is sanity
over insanity that this author suggests that we as
individuals, a college, a city, a nation, yes even a

world, listen to Cleo's teachings on societies and
individuals that put the physical and fisical over the
common salvation of the union (whether it be a
marriage or a nation).

Charles E. Knight
292 North Street
Pittat'ield, Mass. 01202

 

STAFF

The Albany Student Press is published two
times a week by the Student Association of the
State University of New York at Albany. The ASP
office is located in Room 382 of the Campus
Center. This newspaper is funded by S.A.'I‘ax. The
ASP was founded by the Class of 1918.

Editori-ln-Chiel
Jill R. Paznih & Ira J. Wolfmon

Neurs Editor
Associate News Editor
Arts Editor

Sports Editor

Tim Keeley
Kathy Huseman
Carol Sehour
Jim Winslow

Feature Editor Gary Gelt
Technical Editors Pal O'Herrr, BlilShapsc
Photography Editor Stu Rittcr
Business Manager Philiprlv‘ranchini
Advertising Manager Daniel Forrmn

The Albany Student Press assumes no

responsibility for opinions expressed in its
columns and communications as such expressions
do not necessarily reﬂect its views.

 

 

 

 

  
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
    
  
   
    
   

 

:2

' arriving at the Capitol at 12:00

GI, civilians
protest war
over Easter

Easter weekend will be the time
set for massive GI-civilian antiwar
demonstrations, across the
country. The protest actions are
being held in support of those Gls
who oppose the war in Vietnam.

61s and civilians are working
together in order to co-ordinate
the demonstrations, called by the

‘ National GI-Civilian Antiwar
Action Conference held in
Chicago Dec. 28. . The peace
actions will be oriented to Girl
whose involvement in anti-war
protest is the most significant new
development for the movement
against the war in Vietnam.

Seven regional centers have
been selected for the
demonstrations in the US--Loe
Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle,
Chicago, Atlanta, and Austin,
which will hold actions on Easter,
and New York which will
demonstrate on April 5.

The demonstration in New
York, o'n April 5 will assemble at
2 pm in Bryant Park (Sixth Ave.
at 4lst Street) and march to a
rally in Central Park. There will be
speakers at the rally expressing
the three themes chosen: support
to antiwar Gls a call for bringing
the Gls home from Vietnam now;
opposition to the administraiton’s
war oriented policy of
militarization and white racism.

The Student-Faculty President Evan R. Collins and
Committee to End the War is Clifton C. Thorne Vice-president
organizing for April 5 on the for Student Affairs expressed
Albany State campus. Posters, their grave concern over the
buttons and other materials will growing “townie"invasions which
be on sale in the Campus Center. occur each weekend.

Demonstration toda ,
faculty budget letter

by Valerie Ives
Staff Reporter

Albany State students are urged
to support ‘Don't Cut CUNY' by
participating in the march on the
Capitol today, March 18. Another
march to ‘Save SUNY' will be
held on March 24

by T. W. Keeley

The President's Conference
with students took on a very
informal but serious look at the
security problem of the past
weekend, yesterday.

have been planned.

Students are urged to write
letters to their Congressmen about
what will happen if the proposed
budget passes and to sign their
home addresses.

There is not. going to be a
strike, but faculty members are
being asked not to penalize
students for not coming to classes
on March 18 and 24.

Students wishing to march
should gather at Draper between
10:30 and 11:00 am. At 11:30
the parade to the Capitol will
begin.

The announcement was made
at yesterday's Faculty Senate that
a letter signed by 24 department
chairmen is being sent to
Governor Rockerfcller as well as
all members of the Assembly and
the Senate, stating: ‘Wc urge you

to restore to the bill

, 75 students attended an
(Appropriation Bill A. 230l-S, . v . . .
1685) "L Mm those funds organizational meeting concernlng

the march that was held Friday
afternoon. The meeting was
conducted by Steve Cherniske. It
was stressed that the march is
going to be peaceful and
nonviolent. Students are asked to
dress neatly, as part of making is

described by Chancellor Gould as
‘nbsolute essentials' for our
operations.

“We urge you to continue the

support on which the State
University depends il' it is to fulfill

its objective and become an good impression to parade

institution of quality second to arr-lockers,

none." Discussed was the problem of
“In his statement, the getting the facts straight to

Chancellor pointed out. that. that
the proposed budget would force
the State University to effect

everyone. The proposed cut in the
budget will lead to cuts in
education in otehr ways rather
drastic changes force the State than a raise in tuition. One of the
University to effect drastic and purposes of the meeting was to set
harmful reductions in key areas of up a publicity committee to
expenditure, resulting in an Inform students, faculty, and the
inflation of student-faculty ratios. community about the situation.

It is estimated that about A committee was set up to sell
10,000 students from NYC will be ‘Save SUNY' buttons Ii 3-”
apiece in order to make money to
pay for the cost of organizing the
march.

noon today where a program
including a rally and speeches

THE ALBANY STUDENT COALITION,
Chemiske, ponder demonstration tactics , aiming towards todays'
CUNY rally and the rally on the 24th to ‘Save SUNY '

 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
    
  
    
    
     

  
   
  
 

 

  
 
  

    

Phooby noel:
led by Chairman Steve

The problem this weekend
stemmed from the presence of a
large number of high school
"guests" that the band invited to
the mixer. These “guests” were
not permitted into the mixer
because it was open to university
students only.

As a result the students made
an evening of it by- attacking
Stats. students, creating
disturbances, and vandalizing.

Thorne announced that as a
result an adminstrative decision
was made to cancel all mixers.

Further commenting on the
matter, Collins noted that many
of the youngsters picked up were
12, 13, and 14 year olds that were
dumped at the University "as a
babysitting service."

“These students come here
raising hell and beating up our
students and our students aren’t
aiding in the process" by
cooperating with the security
police, Collins noted.

Collins reluctantly added that
"we are a short step from looking
up the campus socially."

Dr. Thorne also noted that we
have a good chance of losing our
liquor license if we are not. more

THE INTERNATIONAL WEREWOLF CONSPIRACY hel
Saturday. the Idea of March. in the Campus Center snack bar.

  
 
 

Academic Affairs sponsors
Question."

Mona Kurtz, student member
Standing.
Three, r ' are being

“all under-graduate

Discussion ,' tonight
on grades of S-‘U
Three alternative systems of grading will be up for discunion

tonight at 8:00 pm. in Social Science 256 as the Commission for -
“An Open Meeting on the Pass-Fail

u J

 

Tuesday March rs. r959

Dr. Alan Kuuisisto, Vice President for‘ Academic Affairs, will give
opening remarks and will moderate the panel discussion.

The panel will include: Dr.
Committee on Academié Standing; Dr. Arthur Collins, Chairman of
the Task Force on Academic Regulationsi Richard Collier, Chairman
of the Commission for Academic Affairs of Student Association;and

Joan Schulz, Chairman of the

of the Committee on Academic

',. The first , ‘

which came 'from the Commission for Academic Affairs. requests that.
courses
Satisfactory-Unsatisfactory (S-U) basis." The second proposal is the
present system of “A” thru "E" grades. Academic Affairs Commission
has made this proposal their second choice of the'proposals.

The third proposal is a rather complicated system of grading. The
professor would announce prior to pro-registration which of the four

shall be graded on a

following grading systems he would use: (A) Lettet' grading; (B)
Subject evaluation, i.e. a written description of student performance;
(C) Satisfactory-Unsatisfactoryt grading, i.e. S or U; (D) Any

combination of the above.

Townies invade, vandalize;
security needs student aid

careful. Thorne feels that
University students are "A. Giving
their [D's to other kids and B.
Sponsoring beer drinkers that
they never laid their eyes on
before." The situation must
change now before it'stoo late and
requires student cooperation.

President Collins was also asked
to comment on today’s CUNY
march. He felt it is a “united
attempt to remedy the situation
but not an effective means of
influencing legislators."

Collins did feel however that
“1000 letters from back home
would have more pressure than
10,000 marchers."

The remaining 15 minutes of
the discussion centered on the
topic of drugs. Thorne added a
few comments that members of
the Bureau of Criminal
lnvcrstigation made last week to
members of the residence staffs.
The BCI noted that if they felt c.
bust was necessary they
“wouldn't even tell Thorne."

Thorne did say that in the past
three semesters only 16 University
students were arrested on drug
charges and all were off campus
students.

  

  

d a reenactment of the death oflullus Caesar on

If the professor makes no
announcement of the method of
evaluation for his course, the
student may elect letter grading or
pass-fail. The option of a written
evaluation would be open to the
student only with the permission
of the instructor.

Opinion Poll

The Commission for Academic
Affairs is also sponsoring an
opinion poll, to be held' on the
dinner lines from Wednesday
through Friday of this week. The
poll will attempt to determine
student sentiment as regards to a
grading system for Fall 1969.
Editor's Note: (In order for there
to be a meaningful dialogue on

pass-fail which can reach the vast
mqiority of students, we include
in this issue of the ASP two
statements as to the relative
virtues of the present grading

system and the pass-fail
system. The following is a
statement by Dick Collier,

Chairman of the Commission for
Academic Affairs in favor of the
complete pass-fail system.)

The present A-E grading system
and the suggested partial S-U (or
“pass-fail") system limit the
student and the instructor. Both
of these systems maintain the
pressure to get the best grade
possible in courses marked A-E.
Unfortunately, “getting the

grade" is frequently little related
please turn to page 7.

 

Photo by tseqemin’

 
  
   
  
  
 
      

    
   
  

 
    
  
   
 
 
 
 
 

     
  
  

  

  

  
 
  
  
  
 
 
   

  
   
   
  

    
      
 
 
  

    
   
    
   
   
   
    
    
    
    
     
   
  
     
     

    
  
    
 
  
   
   
  
   
    
     
   
  
  
  
   
     
  
  
   
   
   
      
           
           
           
         
        
  
    

  

