 

 

PAGE 6

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, I969

 

can learn as much as they wish in whatever fields
they wish. 'Ihe "goals" of the University must he
the goals of the student body-the University can
only provide those materials necessary to achieving
these goals.

To achieve these goals, several steps must be
taken. The first is to put the University on a
complete Pass-Fail system. In a situation where the
competition for grades is so ﬁerce, where the
competition for grades is so fierce, learning is often
sacrificed for the last-minute cramming done for an
exam or for pulling up the grade in the one subject
that can ruin your cum. Learning is highly
subjective, and only you can decide how much you
have learned. An “A” in a course simple means that
you managed to remember all the right things for
the mid-semester and final exams, but does not
mean that you learned anything of value to
yourself.

The second step is the elimination of
Universitywide required courses. It is generally
assumed that a student is responsible enough to
decide whether to drink or not, but it is not
assumed that he can what courses he needs before
he can choose a major. It might be harder to argue
against required courses if they fulfilled their
avowed purpose, but since so many required courses
are attended by students who don't care and are
taught by professors who consider the course a
necessary evil, the courses are usually worthless.
Under such conditions, required courses become a
useless burden on the faculty and a waste of nearly
two years of the student’s undergraduate academic
career.

STEVE GERSON

I feel the purpose of the University is to prepare a
person for life in both the business or professional
and the social community of our society, and to
stimulate and cultivate a person's ability to think.
To achieve these ends, I feel that one needs as broad
a background as possible in the liberal arts and
sciences while in college. I therefore feel that the
present required courses and department credits are
good, with two exceptions.

The first is the literature requirement. I feel a
course should be added in modern American
literature, that has no prerequisite, that will satisfy
the literature requirement.

The second objection is to the physical education
requirement. I feel all requirements in physical
education should be completely and
unconditionally eliminated, as they contribute
nothing to a person's education, do nothing to help
him in future life, and in short are a complete waste
of time to a person with no particular love for
volleyball, tennis, etc.

On the matter of pass-fail, I feel this is a matter
that should be decided by the individual. Thus I
propose a system that would allow each student, at

"dli times during his stay at this school, to indicate

whether he wanted to be marked on a pass-fail basis

VII, in the first week of classes. A student could

chr'mse to be marked pass-fail in all of his subjects
not in his major or second field, or in all of his
subjects. Thus those people who feel it necessary to
achieve high grades in order to gain acceptance to
graduate schools. or those who feel they work best
under pressure, could have their preference, while
those who argue that tests de-emphasize learning
would be freed from having to slave to obtain high
marks.

I again thank lhe editors for allowing me to bring
my views to you, and thank you for reading them. I
certainly hope that you will vote for me.

MIKE GILBERTSON

Your questions are too complex to answer in 300
words, but I have tried

1) Our goal is not to train teachers, accountants,
or doctors'I not to provide candidates for graduate
schools; not to produce scholars. We do these things
to survive as an institution in our society, but they
ought to be incidental to our purpose. The
University’s goal should be to let everyone fulfill
himself intellectually, emotionally, and physically,
with the maximum social and academic freedom
each of us individually can handle. This menas,
above all, divergency. Some achieve more with
required courses, others would learn more with no
requirements at all. Some “become” more in an
apartment, others living on a corridor. Some learn
more under the current grading system, others
under pass-fail. What I am saying is that I would like
to see as many academic, living, and social
arrangments as conceivable. This would be
meaningless without guidance from the University
to enable everyone to make sound choices.

2) I hope I answered this question, but to clarify
my feelings about pass-fail; some people need it and
should have it; others need the current system to
learn. There should also be a mixed system option
for those who need that. The choice of grading
system should be in the student‘s hands.

3) The Trustee's rules regarding campus disorders
seem reasonable. They protect freedom of speech
and lawful assembly while assuring everyone the
right to attend class and use University facilities
without harassment.

4) Certainly students should participate in the

 

elction of faculty to the Senate; facuulty should
also participate in the elction of students. If the
body is to represent all of us, it should be elected by
all of us.

chr .osonsou

Many students talk of the responsibility the
university has to the student; however few seem to
think in terms of a mutual responsibility the
university and student 'nwe' to each other. the
university should I) heln the student adjust: this
means offering encouragement and hope, not
restrictions and hate; 2) provide structures and
channels which would enhance student involvement
in areas which interest him; 3) encourage interaction
between students and with the total academic and
local community; and 4) give each student 'the
opportunity to find out what he is and what he likes
in order that he will become “all he is capable of
becoming" in a manner best suited to him.

the student has the responsibility to ‘make’ the
university aware of in order to fulfill his needs;
voices of justified protests (concerning many
matters: the grading system, campus (dis)order etc. )
are coming in loud and clear_and must be
confronted. the universin MURNII‘FCOMEHIWUN of
the conditions bringing foth the protests, it must
examine causes for these conditions, and it must
search for ‘solutions’ to the problems; it must then
enact these hypothesized ‘solutions.’ this challenge
must be accepted, for only then will there be belief
and trust by the ,students I in the schools and their
country.

‘relevance'and ‘mcaningfulness,’ two terms which
are thrown around casually are relative to each
individual. if a student will be more ‘molivaled' to
learn with an A-E system, this option should be
open to him; if he will ‘learn‘ more with pass-fail
grading, then this is what should be available.

an individual on universin sena!e must be aware
of (sunya) community feelings, he musl be willing
to listen and talk to many in order to gain the most
complete picture (possible) about any issue.

BERT DEVORSETZ

The following positions are my stand on a
number of issues facing the university community,
the implementation of which I feel is important
enough to warrant my candidacy for the university
senate.

1. I believe in regard to the pass-fail system many
people are on the wrong side for the wrong reason.
Too may people favor pass-fail because they think
they’ll be getting an easy ride that way. The
opposite is true; the passing potential and output
will only be raised. It will be more difﬁcult not less
to get through school and the uniformity of
marking will be more divergent from teacher to
teacher than it is now.

4. I believe that we are in school for education
and not revolution. Legitimate grievances must be
able to be aired, but the rights of the student body
to get the education they paid for must be upheld.
Legitimate students should bring legal action against
the university if the contract is not upheld.

3. I would ask that a study he made of the overall
effectiveness of the EOP Program to see if it is really
bringing social betterment or only blocking the way
for qualified students to gain entrance to the
university.

4. I propose as an answer to the housing program
the renewal of Greek houses for the fraternities and
sororities. To further this aim I would ask the
Senate to petition the state legislature to once again
allow national Greek organizations of the State
universities.

5. i would ask that Albany State become a real
university by finally starting the long-promised
football team. Again we would petition the state to
change the rules to allow athletic scholarships and
real athletic competition.

6. Since Albany State is for all of New York State
I would ask the admissions committee to start a
more even-handed policy of admissions so that more
of the state is represented rather than such a heavy
concentration from the downstate area.

I believe the implementation of these ideas will
strenghten our university to a degree that will make
us a truly viable institution in the American
tradition.

DOUG GOLIBCHMIDT

A University mun-l allow inlcllcclual growth and
changc in the individual. Such growth may only be
achieved if the individual is given lhc maximum
amount of frccdom to enquire and engage himself in
whalever pursuits hc dccms necessary. Thus. such a
system cannot have a foundallvn of required
courses which do no more than to reslrict lhc
inauldual's freedom. ll scam peculiar that such a

course structure would remain in a "progressive"

university like SUNYA

We also maintain an ancient system of torture
initialed and preserved to impell the students
onwards in their studies. The marking system
established an arbitrary and cruel evaluative system
which cannot possibly evaluate in any way the
growth of the individual. Such a system serves to
ease the work of future employers in hiring students
and easing the Job of the administration in decldlng

DDD}PD?PDDDDDDDPDDDDD}DDPDDDD

Questions

The questions we feel are of vital importance and
would like to see answered in those essays are the
following: I

i. What do you see as the goals of the University?
What positive action would you advocate toward
achieving those goals?

2: What is your opinion of the necessity for
1 required courses? What is you opinion of a iota;

Pass-Fail system?

i 3, what was your reaction to the Trustees: rules
i and regulations conceming action to be taken with
‘ regard to campus disorders?

: 4. Should students have the right to participate in
A the election of faculty members to University
A Senate?

»>»>>>>>D>>

<444<<<4<4444<4444444d14

V

4444{ddddddddddddddddddddd<44

 

who has achieved sufficient “growth” and who
hasn't. We justify the system by saying it forces
students to become motivated. Does that mean if
we whip an infant long enough it will grow (all?

Within the context of the university students
must also have the opportunity to engage
themselves in projects which have relevance lo
reality. Such projects should serve to “end the
separation of the educational process from one's
life. ”

In the process of engagement, one comes lo
realize the futility in attempting to separalc
knowledge into neat compartments. The
departmental system of education distorsl
knowledge by trying to separate it into mulually
exclusive realms hoping the student will find the
connection.

Finally, each University must have the freedom
to decide how its students and faculty will together
decide the direction of the educational goals of [heir
university. Any attempt to impose standard rules on
a series of universities and colleges must be resisted.

"' me management of the individual university,
students, faculty and staff should gather logelher to
discuss and resolve problems. Each group should
elect representatives from its group to a central.
governing body. Such a body should act as the
administration of the university leaving the ‘afficial'
administration to executing policy decisions of lhe
soverning council, and to paying the phone bills,

BILL HEALT

The ASP has asked all candidates for Faculty
Senate to state what they think the goals of the
University are. Now what 1 think and what someone
else thinks may be entirely different, and from my
viewpoint this difference is welcome. I see the
University as a place for airing old ideas and
adopting new ones-all in an effort to come to a
realization as to where one stands in relation to the
rest of the world.

The question of the feasibility of required courses
and of a Pass-Fail system are to be decided by the
Senate. As far as the required taking of certain
courses, I feel that any course that is to be required
of a major should be submitted to a board
composed of faculty and students from that field.
Concerning the Pass-Fail system, what I'd like to see
implemented would be a system whereby non-major
courses and all 100 or 200 level courses would be
recorded on a Pass-Fail bases, and all major courses
above the 200 level would be graded as at present.
This, I feel, is a compromise which should please
both th( "freedom in learning" students as well as
those students who feel they need to have a grade
average in order to gain admittance to a graduate
school.

In regard to the Trustees’ rules and regulations, I
think that at first glance they appear reasonable and
sane. Howevcr, if one studies what is actually said,
he would find that some of the regualtions are so
vague that a person could be either innocent or
guilty depending solely upon how you interpret the
rules. In other words, the rules sound nice but i
don't feel that they are definite enough to scrvc as a
practical guideline.

LENNIE KOPP

Below are my opinions on who! I consider lhc
major issues confromllng lhe Uriivcmlly ol lhc
present lime. As a representative to Faculty Scnulv I
will of course appreciate and considcr on)’
constructive criticisms, modifications, opprUIMIS.
etc. by any uludenl orgroup of students.

I. Abolition of all required courses.

2. Universal pass-foil for all students who dcslrv
this plan.

3. Equal sludcnl rcpresenlalion (volc-for-volc} 0"
all faculty and administration commlllecs.

4. Restructuring of the tenure syslcm includinll
an immediate and to the publish or parish pressure.

5. I am completely opposed to lhc bringing 0/
Police on Campus without the express conseln of“
representative body (faculty-student and
administration) or its agent.

6. No secret or otherwise covert research projec“
funded by any group for any purpose, shall be
associated with the University.

PAGE 7
GAIL KRAUSE

In response to your request for views of the
candidates for Faculty Senate I would like to
submit the following:

“Teaching, research, and service" are the goals
quoted for this university; these do cover most areas
but, I would like to the aims states as slmpl --to
provide for the individual a means to attain his own
goals, whatever, (maybe even knowledge for
knowledge's sake!) within the limits of his own
capabilities. To attain this admifidly idealistic
university would entail a drastic change in our
present education system, as well as in our alfiudes
of what “higher education" is. A pass-fail system
would seem to be one of the main pillars of this
“new university. " (Not necessarily the system under
consideration here now!)

A reaction to the “rules and regulations" is just
that they precisely ahd concisely state what will and
will not be tolerated on this campus. As most
students realize we do have an advantage living on a
campus as violations are often handled mmuch more
leniently than in a civil court situation. Mistakes are
allowed for on a campus -- and if we take the
responsibility the administration feels we have then
there should be no major problems.

Finally, students have their voice in Faculty
Senate through the representatives they elect and
the faculty should have their say through the
members they elect. Some of the effectiveness of
the Faculty Senate would be lost if it were done any
other way.

Thank you for the opportunity.

MARK LAN DESMAN

, “...the expansion of intellectual horizons, which
is the traditional aim of liberal studies" claims the
Undergraduates Bulletin is the function of the
existence of the State University of New York at
Albany.

Yet as appealing as the words seem, they remain
worthless rhetoric. As the present university
structure remains, most intellectual expansion
comes as a negative reaction to the educational
process as it now exists. only

through the individualization of education by the
freedom of education can the goals of a university
be realized.

Thus, I call for reform in all areas of the
educational process at SUNYA.

I call for the abolition of the archaic
university-wide requirements that block a student's
intellectual endeavors.

I call for pass-fail grading for all university
students. The present proposal before the Senate of
S-U grading for solely the freshman class is a farce.
The original objectives of reforming the educational
precess, specifically in the area of instruction,
cannot be realized unless all universitystudents can
explore their interest without the operant

""' _, of the sud- “mud r ' L ‘

I call for the establishment of a department fo
Inter~Dicsiplinary studies coordinating study beyong
the traditional departmental breakdown, vital to our
modern world.

I call for the establishment of credit by petition
and independent study beyond what is now offered,
being limited to a major field.

I call for comprehensive evaluation of the faculty
by the student body to be used as a guideline for
the reappointment of faculty members.

The student must be given the resources and
conditions for him to develop a meaningful
education. With this purpose in mind, I offer my
candidacy for the University Senate, to attempt
remold the complex university structure to the
needs of the individual.

VIC LmPER

I feel tho! the goals of (he Universin are mainly
to provide each student wllh as much rclcvunl
education as possible, whether i! be general or one
geared to a specific vocation, lo become an aclivc
par! of the community in which i! is locolcd and lo
conduct creative research.

I feel lhe first objccllvc could be reached by
making the Unlversily os pcrsonnl as possible,
keeping lhc facullysludcn! ratio low and allowing a
side variety of interdisciplinary and inrlcpendcnl
sludy programs, Thc second goal could be reached
by expanding the Gcncrolﬁ'ludics program, offering
adult basic cducolion and making lhc communlly
more aware of lhc ('ullural programs we offer. Wilh
regard to research, I feel lhul we should encourage
creative research bul I am ugalns! lhc publish or
parish philosophy.

I feel lhal lhcrc should no! be any required
courses bccausc mosl people lakc thcm jusl for lhol
reason and just do enough work to gel 0 C; in lhc
process they lcarn very lilllc.

If possible I would like to see a complclc Poss~Fall
syslcm for those lhal would likc to be graded in
that manncr, or a Pass-Fail system for all courses
exccp! in a studenl's major and minor.

I Icl! lhal the Trustees Rules and chulolions
were a necessary evil. I feel that the policc should
not be called in unless i! was an extreme emergency
or unless the decision was made by a committee of
faculty, students and administration. I

I feel lhul sludenls and faculty should elect lIlElI'
own represenlotuve lo the Senate. '

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I have served on the committee that
recommended that students be on the Senate. as
Vice-President of the Student Association.
Chairman of LAAC and on various other
organizations. I feel that this experience will enable
me to be a more effective Senator and enable me to
relate effectively to the many problems that
confront the Senate.

PAT MAHONEY

The issues with which the University Senate deal
are so diverse in topics and magnitude that
candidates should not be judged so much on their
answers to the above questions as on the thinking
involved, for they are only a sample of the issues
appearing before the Senate.

Required courses are no’ longer necessary to
insure that students get a widespread education.
Students are aware of the various fields of study
open to them and are even calling for the addition
of new courses, such as in the Afro-American
History program. They realize the beneﬁts of
obtaining a broad education and should be allowed
to completely choose the areas for their study.

I feel the .total Pass-Fail System has many
advantages over our present grading systems.
However, right now I believe only a partial Pass-Fail
System should be adopted. I don't think SUNYA is
known well enough yet and therefore a total
adoption of the systemMould make graduae school
base their decisions on Albany applicants primarily
on their performance on graduate boards.

The 'I‘rustees’ rules and regulations concerning
campus disorders is an answer to the State's
requirement that the University supply a plan for
maintenance of public order. Even though one
doesn’t like the idea, it is required by law.

In reference to the last question, the University
Senate is a joint endeavour. However, the faculty
has no voting power in elections of students to the
Senate, and likewise i believe that students should
have no voting privileges in the faculty elections.

Thank you for your consideration.

TERRY MATHIAS

Proper explanalion and support of views is
difficult in 300 words; my answers will include only
minimal amounts.

The goals of (his Universin should include a
greater commitment to black studies and cullurc,
for both the black and while on campus; abolition
of all degree requirements wilh grealer emphasis on
the departmental major; one University government
rather than two; student and faculty liaisons lo the
University Council and the Board of Trustees. The
rnosl positive action should be a University Senate
as the seat ofpower on the campus.

The Pass-Fail would probably be good as an
alternative grading system; a total system does not
supply the ﬂexibility needed on this campus. Some
people prefer letter grades as beller means to
graduate schools, others would like a total system.
Both could be accommodated.

First, I’ll comment on the origin of the “Rules
and Regulations." The Henderson Bill does not
recognize a University's right to maintenance of its
own community. Thus, I rule lhc document
approved by the Board of Trustees as excellent in its
minimal, but sufficient compliance with that absurd
legislation.

I! is difficult to my !hat students should vole in
elecllons of faculty senators. Thiswould elccl only
those faculty members who advocate views
congruent with student views. While this would
allow suppor! for student views, it would
disenfranchlse members of lhc faculty. Conversely,
faculty membch should not be allowed lo elcc!
sludcnl senators, for few faculty membch would
have a representative view of sludcnts, and would
lend loward election of students of his
acquuinlancc. Even further, the analogue Is
this-should the people of New York Stale clccl lhc
US, Senator from California? I think noll

Any person 'sludcnl, faculty, or staff-- is free to
discuss these or any other topics wilh Inc. Please do
nol hesilalv to ash,

KEVIN .l. McGlRR

I hope (ha! I'm not fooling anyone, so I'll
keep [his lhing to thc minimum in bullshit. I don ’l
rcully know who! Faculty Senate is all about but I
suspch lhol I will learn whal it's about through
cxpcricncc.

I don '1 know whom I am supposed lo be
roprcscnling bu! I will be representing various ides.
Thus, I suspccl, olhcrs who also have ideas will be
rcprcscnlcd.

It seems to me that our concerns at the
University are varied thus I do not feel if my duty
to define lhc goals of the University or for any
single individual but myself (and for myselfl'm no!
quite sure). Thus, I see undefined goals as a bit old
dilema.

Perhaps you are aware of groups in the
Universily, each with their varying goals (or lack of
them). Back of the Snack Bar versus the front,
compared with lhosc who don 'l affiliate with cithcr.
A ralher superficial division. of course, but is (have
not some validity in such a view.

Maybe we should stop, for one week, and
confront ourselves with such latent vagueries as why
we are at the University and what we are really

 

‘mssmv, ocrossa 14. I969

deriving from the experience. Maybe we will find
the need for some changes.

Other questions are superﬁcial until we have
come to some realizations about our place. in the
University.

I really don't see just cause for any marking
system be is pass-fall or ABCDE etc. Suppression of
demonstrations by Administration implies that
students and administration are in opposition and
that students' vote for faculty members deslrlng
position on Faculty—Senate? Why should there be
any division between faculty and students? My 300
words are up.

CANDY MIRRER

The responsibilities and privileges of being on the
Faculty-University Senate encompass an inﬁnite
number of topics, impossible to include within this
brief paper. However, at present the main criteria is
the goal of the University, under which fall the
pass-fail system and the question of the necessity
for required courses.

I feel that the goal of the University should be
one of enriched education; on education of today
and for today, one which can be applied to the
world of today, and not to the world of twenty
years ago.

The pass-fail system can help reach this goal. But
what should it be like? How should it be
established?

I propose that the pass-fail system be left up to
the student, not the faculty or administration, or
even the student body as a whole. Each student
should be allowed, not obligated, to lake 0% to

100 % of his credits on a pass-fail basis.

In lhis manner, the individual student may, ifhe so
wishes, elect to lake 5 pass-fail courses in one
scmeslcr. Similarly, the student who does not wish
lo take any courses under such a system is not
under any obligation or pressure to do so.
Concerning the "necessity" for required courses,
I feel lhal these too should be abolished and looked
upon as anolhcr way of coming closer to the
University '8 goal. 3
Last, I would like to say that should all these
proposals pass through the proper channels. the goal
of education will not ye! be reached. It will then be
lch in YOUR hands, as an individual to
PARTICIPATE and become INVOLVED in the
school and in the community.
SAM MORIBER, JACK SCHWARTZ,
JOSEPH GREEN dc RICH KAMP

The purpose of a University should be to guide a
student in gaining the ability to fulfill his personal
goals. We attend a college to learn, not just to be
lectured at. Most colleges fail because of a lack of
relevance in the scope of the vocational training.
Social awareness must he instilled in each student,
to motivate him to become involved once he leans
the “ivory tower" of the University. MW

We advocate the establishment of an alternatiye
to our present school structure, a Volutary
experimental college.

The students would choose their faculty, the
teaching methods, course content and dormitory
regulation. Without the burden of marks, required
courses or attendance regulations, each person could
strive for a pcrsonaliwi education, geared to his
learning speed and motivation.

2) We feel that college students are competent
Gnouchno choose which courses to atend, therefore,
required courses are unnecessary. Outside of the
experimental school, puss-fail would be valid for all
courses except those in one’s major, in the junior
and senior years, which would be used for graduate
schools.

3) The campus disorder rules are a farce. The
ambiguity of both the offenses and the punishments
leave justice--(or the lack of it) in the hands of the
Board of Trustees.

4) Faculty representatives to Senate should also
be elected by the students majoring in each
department.

5) Our platform also includes student
participation in the hiring and firing of faculty and
administrators, a 50-50 student-faculty ratio in
Senate, a draft counseling etiofﬁce,on campus, more
buses from the downtown campus and security
guards patrolling on foot in response to friction
between students and local residents.

DAVE NEUFELD

’I‘hc well-rounded. libcrally educalcd mun seems
to be regarded as the epitome of who! the entire
University System is striving lo develop. One can
further add lhc school mollo—“Lcl cach become all
that hc is capable of being"--and the rhetoric is
complclv. Bul. are we fulfilling these desired goals?

The freshman upon entering the University of
confronted with students. faculty and
adminivlration, all telling him of his new freedom
and responsibllilleq, after which he is reminded of
the long list of required courses! Possibly the reason
for lhese courses is that the university tries to serve
as a continuation of his high school education and
not as a focal point for one's own intellectual
curiosity. Until requirements are eliminated the
student must still bind himself to rote memory in
his undesired courses.

continued on page 8

 

 

