   
   
    

 
   
 

  
   

 

 

   

    
 
 
    
   
    
   
   
    
 

      

 

  
  
  

  
  
  
  

. V, , .' albany‘aiodsn":  I , _ A D ' .  ‘ “m!!!” 10,1.” 1 "u" "u". I".
  + “  " + " --  684 D tr t 9 0
f A Dow Demonstrator . _ _ emons a or s ss
L ~‘ ' v ‘ A . v ~_,iniiiiiiiiisiumiiins.,. r
I "u." or a“ ’  The notices charged everyone small number of the longer haired whom" anyone had.
V ' i I i '  With bn'klnlhlchoolhulé against school i ‘ me as entering the room in a
(Editors note: The Dow demonstration and its after-effects has ' ’- g A I I  blocking students from new to decisionilmiilee dw:cr:ieit-lgtl?tﬁiliil 'mde‘ offensm' °' Mismws

  

been all but {auction by the present student body. It does, howewr,

leave its mark on some. For this Mason we asked Ed Silver to present

gab druid. more speciﬁcally, his own story of the games people
an -) ‘

Well I got kicked out of school

~ just short of my BA. and it
certainly didn’t end the bloody

war. However, it certainly did not

msnner'. I would have if it had
been necessary, but it had not and
so i had not. lam usually a pretty
quiet guy, in fact. it did not seem
to me like much was proved one

legitimate school activities. The
rule had been passed on
administrative initiative by our
puppet-like Central Council
exactly one month before the
protest. They got it in just under

 
 
 
   

actions; there was no crime to be
punished for. The lawyer was
unable to get another court order
illldtll we had used up our school
in icia appeal, so we all a
' Nobody told us that undzseilhgt way or “when Mo" or the
the Wire. , grounds we could appeal—I do not witness” contradicmd one
Two of the letters to ,hink that there is such a listing, it “"“h‘” and “ﬁnned” b“ M”: or

 
   
 
  
 
 

   
  
   

 
   
   
  
   

presented graphically enough,
things being as they are. ,

2) Demonstrations and protests
against Dow Chemical had

      
   

   

  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
   
  
 
   
 
    
 
    

end my education either so maybe
it is not all as black as it might
first seem to you academically
obsessed people. Before sinking to
the theory part though, it is best
that I tell you the intricate story
of my bust and the actions
following that finally lead to my
_ suspension February 28, 1969.
Once upon a time not too far
past (as these things go) the Dow
Chemical Company recruiter
decided to visit Albany State _
again and the terribly named
‘Student Placement' Ofﬁce, which

precipitated all over the country
on many half ass campuses.
Albany is a particularly half au‘
apathetic nothing, but given the
great news buildup for months
and months, it was possible that
even here spirit could be aroused
among 'student radicals” to
actually implementthcir talk with
some action. At Albany State
people just do their jobs and do
their jobs and do their jobs so that
anti-war and anti-imperialist
activities are difficult to stir up. -
now was a goiden opportunity, aga ist one wall of the corridor on

    
   

.311“
i, r

      

 

 

against the recruiter's campus people would agree to, but “"338 the hall With them. By 10

      
   
 
    
  
     
   

war effort with napalm and other like moderation (ie: impotency, hall filled up quickly with about
murderous chemical weapons, hypocracy,stupidity)was winning one hundred demonstrators and
These weapons are new and the day so i Walked out wiih a thirty or forty frat boys on the
spectacularly barbaric, brutal, few others and we all got a better ends PatriOticallY PUHChing girls
disgusting. This makes Dow a night sleep than the rest of the Who had to P359 throuﬂh them

  

    

r’v standout among the more debatces. and being generally abusive There « . l e.» ﬁled for an n en] in the - A i . - t d - t
.2. . . y ‘ . . . and draft cards. We were told we was futile. They had clubs ‘58qu EWY . . ‘ PP Little Dcan Chcsin acted as So i am out of school 12 hours t h t I I d at now nd referendum—but If it ma e jus
r r, traditional indugtriahmurderen in . tEarl’y next‘morning I wnlhed were also a lot of school cops were .not yet. under “rem-,1.“t to the campus com announced Appehite DIVIHIOn (Court Of prosecutor for the school. He short of my degree. Was it worth 22W :zvereintendidn to sell “my one other person think to act.
i ;, our country i t a point is in o t e administration building appearms. seemed nice so we asked to leave. that the police had been called in. Appeals) culled lots of witnesses and i had it?Whiit was proven'IWell. it is mind ﬂ"d my soul to any fucking then it proved inevitability. That

 and found twenty people seated BY “00" the numbers had

 

 

 

 

 

 

:i
o

 

  

 n:«¢‘».m:£wiméer§i‘ﬁxma ::

 

 

U.» i"

i "I know  hornet
With my eyes closed?

Then you know the way loo well.
Because driving an old lamlliar roule can make you
drowsy. even when you're reeled.
When lhal happens, pull over, lake a break
and lake two NoDon Aclion Aids.t They'll help you
drive home with your eyes open.

      
        
    

ILM. eioea BlitlalvMylu Ca.

 

 

  
  

increased on both sides. The up a bit and quite a ﬁght broke

soon as the door reopened and see iup and linking arms in an attempt

rushed in after us. They pushed his own kind

and shoved around, removing the -- They did not know what ihe
little man to another room and he" to do. 1 severai times
sealing the group or “5 into the suggested removing the Dow man,
Dow mom. we were asked for IDs but this was one of the things that

They said no. we announced the everyone would be arrested, and I
situation to the people outside. went and 'ei°i"°d the
They responded by tossing in demonstration. There was more
about 40,50 ID cards to s,how talking about being arrested.After
solidarity with our action. Putting a While a“ but 5 0' 6 of the
our mm]a in the pile, we were demonstraters, including myself,
released. This incident stirred up a t°°k 0“ The ﬁve were “"“ted' I
rather collective, lively feeling on had been similarly arrested a few
the part of almost an the months before. I did not want to
demonstratei's which was nice to 38" the 59m“ horrible
groove on. . judge-~Teppcdine-vor have to cut
I‘ht‘ﬂ CVGFYOM 0“ ‘1" Sides off hair and beard agains, so I
broke forlurwh. swayed with the wind and went
The war resumed at about 1:30 home_
PM. down the hall in a new -
location where the Dow man was . iii: iiftihitiii‘ii‘f ‘lié‘giclh'il‘i
now attempting to finish his dull administration about actini
clandestincly. There was a lot of‘miionuhy’ I also had we" ,h:
lililii. i“é’i.i5§ipn‘flif“fil‘i“iﬁi w; "W and reu'ized W“ it
discussion. I was getting into the Cilumtiﬁ: 0112'; :3: [Lﬂthwzz
swin oftethin.Abot.’l:30 '  - I ' ‘
grou: of ilhc frugt boysublockcd irléhzsfdnri‘rtrl'tthoen 3?thle
0"” 0nd or the hi1”: Scpurhtihil administrators, minus President
:3an   gallins whoh gas lvacationing 'in
- crmun , u also see he
huh bIOCk the hhilWﬂyi We 0"" demonsili’iition, It was the film. for
block the hallwuy', they chimed. Just “hour iii] i presume
But they couldn't. Some girls ' ‘
begun snaking through the line. soon "ncr' the university
They were hit. I started through sinned serving up jusuc“ 0" ﬂ
and gm shoved by u follow I hnd silver platter in the form of little
witnessed slamming an attache nonces’
case over a demonstrator's head

earlier in the day. l doubled him “WNW” ‘0 P500 9

    

 

FUN WORKING IN EUROPE

  

GUARANTEED JOBS ABROAD! Get paid. travel. meet hoopla.
SUMMER and YEAR ROUND. 20 countries, 9 pa ing 0 cute-
orles offered. For FREE cultural grogram lilsra ure nciudln
etalls and applications, write: "1 'I‘ admissions, 866 Unite
Nations Plaza New York. N.Y. A Non-Profit Student Mem-
bership Organization.

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

undergrads, including Joe Schyler,
a senior, and myself, also charged
as with entering the room of the
recruiter, a special crime.

Several were never charged with
any infractions at all. Oh well. We
were all of us ordered to appear
before either LAAC judicial
Board, undergrad, or the Faculty
Committee on Student Conduct,
for grad students. We could bring
witnesses, but lawyers were
prohibited.

Someone contacted a local
lawyer, Johnathan Harvey, who
agreed to represent all of us in a

Then he went to court and got

in court. The school desisted and
the case came up in County court
on April 17, 1968. It was
dismissed and the school
rescheduled its hearings. The

Still heeding legal advise
everyone boycotted the hearings.
The boards met and sentenced all
the students in abstentia. Joe and
I were suspended for one winter
semester. The five grad
students-who being older should
have been wiser, spoke the faculty
committee—were suspended for
the summer semester. The rest
were placed on disciplinary
probation for the rest of their
undergraduate years.

Unfortunately, the intensity of
political feelings had been fading
since the point of the
demonstration. Many of the
charged students were already
scared by the idea of school
reprisels—how will this affect my
future employment and all that
shit. As for the other members of
the academic community, some
profs and kids hushed over the
perversity of it all, but nothing
much was done to help us.

Therefore, many of the
students In the original lawsuit
group now accepted their
probation status and quietly
disappeared for the rest of the
semester. Everyone who was
suspended, however, along with u

is all probably arbitrary to the them admitted that it was not me

situation, so we wrote a Ion
letter of appeal a” about "1: ii fellow with a heard that stuck

out of the whirl because of the

criminality of the war, etc.

that they saw, but rather they saw

This was miecied_ but we were heard.

allowed the appeal because the Committee mid "‘9 they WOUId
humshmems meted out to us were make a decision and that was that.
improportionately greater than Ab°ut “ix wee

those given to the rest in light of suspend“.

the fact that we were all charged
With the same 'crime'. We were all regmmuon
reinstated pending this appeal.

1 was again readmitted at Fall

For me the appeal did not come 5°h°°l {mm

of trouble.

legal counsel this time around.

there while all kinds of strange suspension if there seemed to be
nonsense went on. There were
microphones set up and the whole politically, but it looks pretty
show was tape recorded. They all dead politically and I am in no
hurry to get a B.A. anyhow.

wore suits.

trouble slaying riwzike. Harvey
helped that by objecting
overytimc due legal process was
massacred during the hearing. This
happened about twice every
minute and it was fun to listen to.
He was consistently overruled by
the committee chairman, Mr.
Lanni of the Physics Department,
who did not seem to be very
interested in them.

Several of the witnesses
distinguished themselves by lying
about their observations of my
action. The big fat cop in the blue
suit was there, his name was
Officer Rogers and he lied like a
cop. Another cop, Andrew Fitz,
was extremely honest in
testifying, however, so tiiul
evened out. Deiiii Lois Gregg,
Clifton ’l‘hornc‘s assistant
surprised me by her lics. She liiid
me fling open the Dow door and
force myself in us the first
entering the room.

This is ii moot point, trueI but
they wore only interested in moot
points. it was also fulﬁl!" and since
she was very close and did see
what actually happened, i wonder
why she chose to tell that story.

The testimony llll dealt with

 

  

Dutch Col
7w 81st

  

 

 

 

liil cirrus RGXY
DRY ChEANERS
SHIRT LAUNDRY

located in Quad Lower lounges

onial 'State

   

 

any more

impossible to say whether it was
It gave me an
unusually personal view of how

worth

the

brief that would be necessary. No

it all.

university,

ks later I was again

when
another court order enjoining the
I taking irreparible
up unm early June ﬁner school action against me until the appeal
was OM and there was no chance was heard in Appelatc Court. That
finally happened this past

milage left in it

The

’1

Harvey got

at some of the nicest people Wednesday.

' gr just does'i'ts job, posted a notice not to be lightly discarded in either side of a door that said interviewees had to be lifted into out. It ended after fifteen
1! Of his tht In the usual Place- favor of poster making. Dow Interviews. Isat down on the,the Dow den over seated minutes--while the cops just stood civil case against the school The aPPeai body turned out to Echl'um’yi a year after the Dow
y; Some students signed UP for i belonged to no political Other Side Of the hall and was'demonstraters by several large by cause it looked like the frat dealing with the kangaroo lack of be the same group that had demonstration, The case was again , - « i i h t th v n ,5
g interviews. they were just doing groups on campus, because I was immediately told to leave by a big cops. But the interviews kept on locks would beat up the commie due 9mm“ “cum?”- i" it‘ mginﬂl juriSdlcu‘m 0"" the Brad dismiss“, i" “"0" 0f the school bureaucr‘lhc ms't-Itmlon u prowl!)  a e dmwem sill
,- their jobs, of course, and some tired of attending endless fat guy in a very blue suit. He schedule and this looked bad. I fags-with a number of the {m judicous reprisai system. He StUdcnts. It had suspended them “M i received ii letter kicking me. perpetuates "saw u “Md. n  cnpnble at ‘img BF“:- Ve‘iiye “a;
a} other people doing their owniohs meetings and talking mimic“ later turned am, to he one of the was in the middle of igaii before boys pretty badly bruised by advised us to ignore the scheduled and i really did not expect much out. i can reapply next January and showed up the schooljudicia had of acting irra :ona dyd
‘y took it to the attention of the talk, which is where radical Campus cops in disguise and he the Dow door, A number- of us some angry demonstrators who hearings until we were permitted more for myself. l put, on my red 1971. i system asa form of farce. irresponsably. At; no me 1 my
;, whoop. antiwar groups, This was politics in at in this town, [did go told me 1 was blocking the hall. disusaed how to be more emphatic ‘had Watched them operate all day. COMIC“. due PI'OCESS. arid the right Shirt “Mi "1anth on down with Right HOW, lawyer Harvey is It “use a sumber “(fume :0 {snow tam?" 3mm 2: form of
3 in December, 1967 or January, to a few meetings where Dow This was a lie and I appealed to about getting this stoogie bastard lMost of the frat kids left after this to express our viewpoint, none of the lawyer, Harvey. President Willing to take the case on to the Ilene“ on i 0 war an Fm -L e t “men . e r-ee o
:3 1968. These groups began actions were discussed and .tried. the rest of the people to help me off the campus. We decided to point. which seemed forcoming from the Collins, reknown for his slippery Supreme CourL, but first he wants Whale ugly mess now brewmgj-u“ the unlversny'
v} considering taking measures to suggest the strongest measures out. They said wait so I moved siddle into the man's room as ' By now people were standing Behool as things then stood. ways, had decided to permit men $500 to write and research the ‘Aﬁzgczzeczrszfe“03:28,, tilt? threatenea'

fun. And it helped knock a great

appearance. agreements were few. The night AM the numbers had doubled and, whether he would also like to join to stop the interviews. There was 1* hOIdihﬂ orde' “Shin” the 5°h°°l My ‘triai' lasted about six hours 0"” seem“ at 11“ interested . . f- - 1- Perhaps in the screwed up
Why protest against Dow's before the recruiter was to appear 3 group work9d up courage to the discussion. Which happened singing and chanting. The head 0" Man’h 6' This prevented the and it W35 "WHY 1‘ gﬂs- “HWY did anymore' The gum or middle Clubs super low “y mind“ or “5 administrate“ the", is

recruiter? Briefly: 1) Dow SDS held a big meeting “058 the hall and take both sides. soon enough. cop, a school vice president and 50h°°l from taking any actiOhB not let me say a word, because grad students took their 9"} or r.“ wage-T.  do "at knﬁwi somewhere doubt and death. l

Chemicni Co mpahy is concerning the comihg event. The fat man couldn't do nothin Eight or ten‘ of as made it in, he some others made humerous again“ “5 “nm the case anything i said might hurt the Suspensions ﬂnd went on to If ll was Wort I ’ Since 8 er h" had Nth“

supplying the [1,335 imperialist After an hour or more it looked about it. Gee won. After that the said “No comment." The cops ,remarks to the crowd, each after concerning due mom“ was heard court appeal. 1 just had to Sit “endemiﬂ- l WOUId light this $3,239,212? inzhmgzwdaniyhlmmi immortality for

would be kicked out of school for
attempting to talk to ii Dow
recruiter, I could have at least set
fire to a couple of buildings or
something—but it certainly did

campus

'futurc employer.’ My goal has
always been more to live with
myself and with my actions andl
feel that I can do that pretty well.

shall be enough.
or any large

 

 

If you will be looking for interesting

HNTERESTHNG
SUMMER MES
MALE AND FEMALE

summer employment, we have it!

If you are capable, WE OFFER:

$155 per week to start
15 $1,000 cash scholarships
also 500 cash scholarships

ALL EXPENSE PAID VACATIONS

Call now for appointment after finals.

 

in Albany. telephone 463-4233
in Utica, telephone 724-3149

between 9 am and 2 pm

 

Mort-Fri. 4pm-7pm Sat. Ham-2pm

 

  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
  
   
  

’THI NEWEST TVPE OF PROTEST, I "dull-In" nearly mun-e in meanest

although I did it in the minority.
It did not seem to prove anything
very new about the issue of
recruiting by
murderers—witness

perhaps is all that can be proven,
but perhaps in this lifetime that

 

