     

  

   

‘omov

N ,...,,..¢eo~n ., .

 

 

'QQQ¢O"-

   
 
 
 
  
 

 

 

grafﬁti '

 

 

ﬁtnday, March L's—Id. of
March. IWWC presents
m: of Julius Gear‘s
deﬁle 2:00 pm ﬁreplace lounge,
Cn'l'pus Center. Cast of
thirds.

NoEYE'I‘oqh' t!

N ‘Adaﬂaal-‘reellll
glut!“ Anodation i seeking
amt for the University
AtﬂstiesCoundl.‘l1risbody will
reybw and recommend policy
to intercollegiate
athletics. Applications are
available at the Student
Asaociation Office, Campus

Oeater36’l.

"Youth and Eduation in the
Soviet Union." Slide~talk by Mrs.
Ink Glee, Associate Dun of
Students. Refreshments.
3:004:30. March 18, Aminth
Hall.

"An Evening of Rtmian Folk
Culture" Music and exhibits by
the Rusian Club. 8:00 pm, March
18, Assembly Hall.

The ﬁrst practice of Women’s»
Intercollegiate Soﬁball will be
held Thursday“ march 20, at 4 pm
in the Women's Auxiliary Gym.
All interested women may attend.

All students must pick up
Activities and Validatiom Cards at
the Campus Center Information
Duh.

The May evening modern
sound ensemble will hold its
regular meeting in practice room
349 at 8:47 pm. All intersted
musicians and others are invited
to attend.

The Campus Center Governing
Board will sponsor a "St. Patrick's
Day Bash" in the Campus Center
Ballroom on Monday, March 17,
at 8:30 p.na. Featured will. be
Raun MacKinnon, a Coffee House
Circuit performer, andmorted
has Dialogue by Campus Jan
Men. Green Beer will be available
and admission is free. (University
I.D.'s will be required for
admision.)

All HISTORY MAJORS—OPKN
MEETING, blondsy March 17, SS
134 3:00 pm.

 

Budget Hearing

MARCH 15.1968

HU 290

10:00Albany FilmMaking Society
10:15 . . . . . . . . Forum of Politits
10:30 . . . . . . . . . Forensiu Union

10:50 Council for Contemporary

Music

11:15 Womeus Recreation

Asociation

11:30 . Campus Center Governing
Board

'det of off-campus

Mall ‘ Project cuts vacancies

by Edward Weiss

“The. off-campus housing
situation will get worse before it
gets better," states Joseph
Staring, Assistant for Off-Campus
Housing. Mr. Scaring and George
Seyfarth, Assistant Director of
Residences met with students on
State Quad Tuesday evening to
discuss the many problem
students have in finding adequate
off-campus housing.

On a yearly basis, only 6% of
the apartments are vacated in the
Albany area. Also, due to the mall
construction in downtown
Albany, over 600 apartments will
be destroyed. Due to the shortage
of apartments in the Albany area,
there are about to applicants for
every apartment. Apartments are
msier to find in Schenectady and
They, but due to transportation
problems, most students live near
Draper Hall in Albany.

Mr. Seyfarth announced that
by April 18th, students must turn
in their dormitory applications if
they desire to live on-campus. A
audent living on campus must
choose one of six meal plans to be
offered in the fall. Informative
“housing flyers" will soon be
given to students full explaining
any changes in the room or board
contracts. Mr. Scaring advises

students interested in living
off-campus in the fall to begin
their search for apartments on
individual rooms in April.
According to university
regulation, a student must live in
approved housing if he is not.

living with a parent or lelﬁl
guardian. The offcampus housing
office sends inspectors to check
on basic housing requirements
before official approval is given.
Apartments and rooms-to-rent are
alphabetically ﬁled on cards by
street address. These cards contain
valuable information for students.
The off-campus housing office is
located on _the first floor of
Fulton Hall on State Quad, and is
open from 8:30 am to 6 pm.
Someone is always available to
answer any questions a student
might have.

While prices vary greatly, a
one bedroom furnished apartment
will cost up to $125 a month. A
furnished, two bedroom
apartment will cost up to $150
per month. Unfurnished
apartment! are usually lea
expensive unless they are in a
desirable location.

Mr. Scaring and Mr. Seyfarth
gave the students many helpful
ideas in how to choose an
apartment. First of all, try not to
sign a lease; try to get an oral
agreement with the landlord. If
you must sign a lease, make sure it
Is for the school year, and not the
full calendar year. Also be certain
that the lease gives you the right
to sub-let the aparmtnet if you so
desire.

The student looking for
apartments should know who will
pay the utility bills. Oil heat is
very expensive in the city of
Albany. If the landlord pays for
the utilities, there is still the

’ mmv. MARCH 14,1969

housing;

phone bill. This includes up to a
$50 refundable deposit and a $5
installation charge. The basic
charge for a private line is $8 per
month.

Personal property insurance is
relatively inexpensive in Albany,
and should be gotten, if possible,
by all students. For a small
amount, a rider can be attached to
the insurance policy of a parent to
cover the students property in
Albany.

Many more questions regarding
apartment hunting can be found
by attending the two meetings
next week, or by stopping in at
the off-campus housing office. Mr.
Scaring and Mr. Scyfarth welcome
questions regarding moving off
campus in the fall.

Two more off—campus housing
“information hours" will occur
next week, each starting at 730
pm. The ﬁrst meeting will Lake
place on 'I‘uaday night, March 18,
in the Walden dining hall. The last
meeting will occur uptown on
Thursday night. March 20, in the
Dutch Quad Dining Hall.

 

NOTICE

Signups for senior yearbook
photos, Class of 1970. are
continuing on the bulletin board
opposite the Campus Center
Information Desk. Photos Will
begin Monday, March 2-1 For
further information, call er
Folts, 457-8765.

 

12:30 . . . . . . .liring Am Affairs
Commision

12:15 . . . . . . . . .. Colonial Quad
1:05 . . .Connnuter‘s Organization
1:15 . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dutch Quad
1:35 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .State Quad
1:55 . . . . . . . . . . Walden Council
2 :30 . . . . . . . . . . . . . MYS KANIA
3:00 . . .Comrnission for Religious
Affairs

3; 15 International Students‘

, . .

3:30 . . . . . . . Arab Students Club
3:45 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Ski Club
4:00 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Others

 

Mardi. Mars 18 7:30 PM
Selle: Hu 290

VIN SOIREE
A la prochaine reunion du Cercle Francais
on aura des preparatiis pour une
'Wine Tasting Party'.
llous acceptons toujours des members

VENEZ!

 

 

 

Each word

at

Included.

CLASSIFIEDS

Chsiﬁed ads may be pbced
in the ASP box at the Cmpua
Caster Information duh.

minimum price but"). 15 cents

Pleat include mm. debe-
aul telephone number with the

Chifreds will appe- M7

N0 clcuiﬁeds will be
accepted if payment is not

BSQMUH

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LCST

Lad-e: gold march—Germans!
Voltaire. beta-cur Humanities
and Business. Great Sentimental
lulu-e Col! 45 7-7392—Annr.

Com to parry in state
302 laaight! All male:
reckons.

 

 

PERSONAL

 Those Three Little
Words. "8“.

Contradictions Debi and
Fran. Hard you're gerrirc
named! Low. 5013.

 

 

Philadel

 

WHERE
THE
ACTION
l8

FEDERAL SCHOOL REPORT says: The Philadelphia
public schools are engaged in “the most dramatic revolur
lion in a city school system in the post-war period."
Reform in Philadelphia is “more widespread and far-
reaching than in any large school system in rhe ocunrry."

DR. MARK SHEDD, Supsrintsndsnt of Schools. says.
"I will continue to support teachers who are able I:
examine, In a mature way, the gut issues of our day —
war. sex. race, drugs. poverty. II we divorce school sub
lecls from the guts and hopes of human beings, we can
expect students to hnd them gulless and hopeless

RICHARDSON DILWORTH, President of the Board
of Education, says: "The City is where the echo-n is lls
where the challenge rs It's where we are lacing I‘M? ales?
moral issues cl our day ll you want action. ccme lees"
in Philadelphia ll you don't. teach in the mums

WE SAY: Come rum our school revolution as a lame
be! In on the 360011 Teacher salaries are nsmg ll
80 Is our school system. See our recruiler on your :3

r

on March 19, 1969

Ofﬁce 01 Personnel—Recruitment (Telephone 215443 3645

SCHOOL DISTRICT OF PHILADELPHIA

2131 STREET AND PARKWAY, PHILADELPHIA. PA 19103

H: r
7,545
0! Mile 0 156

 

 

 

FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1959

Gould’s Budget Statemeut_~

Editor‘s the: The following statement concemlng State University’s "proposed l969-70'bpsratis‘ 13*
was delivered by Chancellor Gould at s hearing before the ledslatlve Fiscal Committees  to the
announcement by Governor Rockefeller that he would renegothte his budget plan with leaders of the

legislature.

/

The ASP is presenting Gould’s statement as exerpted from the State University Newsle‘ ttcr in the hope
that our readers might be more aware of the crucial situation facing higher education in New York.

I appreciate this opportunity to discuss realistically the proposed 1969-70 State University budget. We
are grateful for your interest and will welcome your comments snd questions.

Since much of what I shall say focuses on the difficulties we face, It would be remiss of me not to
mention the dramatic support State University has received during the past five years. This period has been
marked by unparalleled growth, and State University is being studied and imitated by educators around the

world.
Thls year we have nearly 124,000 ‘ ‘ ‘ on “tut. ‘ ’

   

 

 

been possible because the Governor and the Legislature bf New York have generously supported this new
and exciting institution which seeks to open doors to thousands of our young people who otherwise will

never have a chance.

The University’s 1969-70 budget story actually began last. year when each campus of the University was
asked to develop its projected program, indicating the amount of money needed to carry on for the
following year. Such plans were developed campus by campus and were brought to Albany where extended
discussions were held with campus delegates and Central Administration.

At the completion of that phase, the projected University budget for 1969-70—whcn all the campus
requests were added together—totaled approximately $493 million. However, Central Administration of the
University examined the initial campus budgets with great care, trying always to distinguish between what
might profitably be done and what was essential in order to improve the work of the University.

Priorities were established, hard decisions were made, and at this point, the University budget was pared
to $443 million (from the original $493 million). This was the request submitted to the Division of the
Budget last. fall. In other words, the original request of the campuses was cut by $50 million.

The University ’5 request for $443 million included $44 million for what we call “workload” increases. In
simple terms, this means continuing the present level of support needed to cover such items as the payment
of full annual salaries for faculty appointed September 1968 (because our academic year doesn’t parullel
the fiscal year), salary increments we must pay present faculty and other stuff in accordance with the step

increases mandated by our salary ' J ' , the a " L""y of
maintenance staff and other costs needed to open 17 new academic
buildings and dormitories, the faculty and support needed to handle
7,700 additional FTE enrollments, and continuance of such basic
services as libraries and the student personnel program.

The $143 million request. also included $22 million for what we call
“improvement.” Our main concern here was to try to keep our
faculty salaries in competition with those of other institutions of our
type, to improve the library stuffing, to provide more professional
counseling programs on some of our campuses, and to strengthen the
security staff throughout the University.

This last element. in particular has become one of the most.
worrisome aspects of campus administration.

Only $4 million of our $443 million request was for new programs,
including new graduate programs at the University Centers and the
introduction of liberal arts programs at the Agricultural and Technical
Colleges.

Finally, we requested a $13 million increase to be used to
strengthen and expand Urban Colleges and to support two new SEEK
programs at Syracuse and Purchas: operations geared especially to
serve the disadvantaged.

The Division of the Budget, after a campus by campus review,
eliminated $38 million—reducing the budget from $443 million to
$405 million. This reduction, which was printed and fully defended in
the Executive Budget, included a recommended “workload"increuse of
$32 million, "improvements" totaling $9 million, and just under $1
million for “new” programs.

An additional $3 million was recommended for special programs,
mainly to support disadvantaged students. Thus the total Executive
Budget request of $405 million was $38 million of 9% less than the
request submitted by the University for approval.

A new element now was introduced into the budgeting process. In
order to keep expenditures within available State resources, the
Governor established an expenditure ceiling. The proposed ceiling was
dctormincdby the Division of the Budget by estimating an
expenditures for the fiscal year and than reducing this estimate by 5%,

In uccorduncc with this formula, the expenditure ceiling for State
University of New York for fiscal 1969-70 was set. at $367,818,000.

It is important to keep in mind the differences between an
"appropriation budget" and an “expenditure ceiling budget" since
comparisons are difficult and may be misleading.

In general, the “appropriations” proposed in [he Executive Budget
cover the fiscal year but actually are in existence for an additional six
munths to cover obligations that will not be paid until uftur the end of
the fiscul your. “Expenditure ceilings," on the other band, refer to
bills uctuully parid during the fiscle year.

To clarify these two budget approaches as they apply to the
University, il mny be helpful if, by using prior your trends as
guidelines, we utlcmpt to convert uppropriutions to expenditures. This
churt rululcs, in expenditure terms, in comparison of thr.I Univorsity’s
request, the Executive Budget. recommendations, and the funds
pruvidcd 1n the expenditure ceiling.

\Vllll this cxplunuliun, lcumc buck to the fuel that the uxpondituru
culling imposed on the University for 1000-701otuls $lei7,H18,0(Jll.

ll is imporlunl. for you to realize just how critical this proposed
coiling nctuully is. This curl best be shown by our looking lit the
calimutcd ceiling for the current your.

This yorrr—lOGS-GS—our expenditure ceiling but; been adjusted to
$1159 million. We slur-Led with a figure of $325 million, but we have
but! to add to this a number of special fixcdrcost items—totuling $31.7
million—that heretofore were funded by separate bills or
ullocutionrplus increased private medical school support. This means
lhut we must compuro the 1969-70 coillng of $307 million to $359
million ruther thlm to the original $325 million figure.

Starting with the $325 million expenditure buss, we have added
$23.2 million for Food Service contracts; $1.5 million for
Income-offset programs; $4 million for the Upstate SEEK program;
and $3 million for aid to Brooklyn Poly. An additional $2.9 million ls
recommended for lncroused support of aid to the private medical
schools.

When these Items are placed on top of the $325 mllllon base, we
have an adjusted total of $359 million whlch means that. we in fact

 

ofthel" ',.Alloftliishal

      

 
 
   
  

   

today’s ASP.

Photo by Ilolskowskj.

have only $8.1 million to cover all the increases needed to meet our
regular University operations next year.

It is at this point that we become completely dismayed by the
dilemma we face. Bear in mind that. we have just over $8 million to
cover increased operations. Yet one item alone—the costs of
annualizution-will lake $7.7 million of this amount. In addition, we
must have another $6.5 million to give the legally mandated step
increases to faculty and other stuff already on the payroll.

We must provide $1.8 million for maintenance and operation of the
17 new academic buildings to open next your, and $500,000 to
operate new dormitories. We must have the $5.2 million
recommended in the Executive Budget for a minimum increase in our
professional salaries. I stress the fact again that these are jusl. absolute
essentials. We see no way to avoid them without breaking contracts,
allowing buildings to stand idle, and facing wholesale resignations.

There are other expenses which, while not. related necessarily to
survival, are nevertheless of major importance.

For example, we should provide for the $5.5 million workload
recommended for the additional 7,700 FTE enrollments. We should
provide the $500,000 workload recommended for libraries and
student services. We should also provide the recommended $1.3
million for other workload increases in Organized Activities,
Organized Research, General Administration, and other functions. We
should also provide $3.1 million to develop the Stony Brook Health
Sciences program, the development of the College at Purchase, and
other such basic developments.

The financing of all these items comes to $32.1 million—and all we
have is $8.1 million. We fucen$24 million gap.

Obviously, if we are to take on certain fixed-cost items not
heretofore included in our budget, und at the same time stay within
the ceiling, drastic reductions and in some instances eliminutions, are
necessary. We have been considering a number of actions und are
weighing their possible effects upon quality of instruction, research,
maintenance, security, retention of faculty, and general morale.

$2.3 million for improvements must be eliminated.

We must. cut. out $1 million from the $1.3 million recommended in
the Executive Budget for other workload increuscs—in udministrution,
organized research, and other functions.

The $600,000 rucommendcd for workload increuscs in libraries and
student services will have to be reduced by $300,000.

The $5.2 million needed for professional sulury increases cannot be
funded within the existing ceiling restriction.

The uid to private medical centers will have to be reduced to the
1968-69 level of funding. This will climinute $2.9 million.

The air] to the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn can no longer be
the responsibility of State University when it has insufficient funds to
tuke care of its present campuses. The institution needs help, but this
is n Statewide responsibility. A shift here will free $3 million.

With these adjustments, we will gain buck $14.7 million of the $211
million deficit. The only other move we con make is u drastic onewbut
we have no choice. In order to get the rcmuining $9.3 million, we shall
how: to cut Into existing "workload" support and shift our
sturlunt-I'ucully ratios from the 13.3 recommended in the Executive
Budget to 14.2. This will provide unulhur $9 million. The remaining
$300,000 will have to prorated buck to the cumpusus and cuch will

. Gould, Chanceloi of the State University, voiced his
concern over the proposed budget cut as it would effect the State
Umvcrsrty system. His comments to the legislature are found in

Assembly aims
at
student unrest

Continued from page I
on all potentially disruptive
elements."

Unlike the Flynn Bill, this bill
does not include the loss of state
aid to the students. However,
Duryea pointed out that the
“Concept is inherent in this plan,
which provides for that student's
suspension and expulsion."

The proposal requires the
governing board of every college
or university chartered by the
state or created by legislative act
to formulate rules against campus
disorders that will “specify precise
penalties for violation, including
the ejection of n violator from the
campus, and, in the case of a
student or faculty violator,
provide for his suspension,
expulsion, or other appropriate,
disciplinary action."

Included in the bill is an
amendment to State Penal Law
defining aggravated disorderly
conduct. According to the
amendment a person who “while
on or within 500 feet of college or
university property disrupts,
disturbs, or prevents classes or
other school administration, or
other school activities; or if such
person attempts to prevent
students or faculty from attending
classes or other functions or
activities."

This most recent bill to control
campus unrest scams tailored to
meet Governor Rockefellor'a
contention that campus discipline
should be bundled by campus
administrators.

Capitol observers believe the
bill will lluﬁily pass the Republican
controlled Legislature and the
Governor will sign the measure
into law before this session is
ended.

 

l’lerrse turn to page 7

This Is the |

PR

Aquarius
Jo Burns/nag

your refund.

 

BOOKSTORE ANNOUNCEIvr u

The Bookstore is happy to annonce that a
5% discount on all required textbooks will be in
effect all semester. Vou must keep your cash
register receipt tops. Refunds will be made on

Wednesdays only. from 9am to 8pm.
Please come Into the main bookstore for

 

 

 

 

    
  
 

  

 
  
 
   
 
      
     
   
     
       
    
 
      
      
   
      
    

  
           
     
    
       
     
       
         
        
 
 

e‘

  

