 

  
  

endowments idea
the: Natural Setting

. Arthur Laurents’ “A. Clearing-in the Woods’hhas
moved outdoors atvthe University. The last State Uni-
versity Theatre production of the season, has moved

into its final stages of rehearsal by moving casts and
crews outside to the- new Theatre by the Lake.

 

‘Gl'earing’l To Feature
. :  "PSYChological Study -

 

 

 

 
    
   
 
 

JIGEE (Nancy Fries) oslis Barney  Schwarts) the, crucial
question "Do you love me Daddy?" on Virginia (Paula Michaels)
and Nora (Jacquie Berger) look on apprehensively.

      
 
     
     
    
     
      
   
  
 
 

JlGEE (Nancy Fries) is begging Barney (Ed Schwartz) to punish
her for cutting his tie while Virginia (Paula Michaels) pleods
also.

WILLIAM SCHAFFER as the Boy asks Jacquie Berger as Nora
tor a smoke in a flashback sequence.

SUMMARY

"A Clearing in the Woods" begins in darkness, with gentle, nostalgic
music. A woman, Virginia, enters the clearing, walks to the summer
house, and reaches for the doorknob but her hand stops short and she
cannot touch it. Nara, a girl of seVenteen appears and soon after Jlgee,
a child of nine or ten, enters, both begging Virginia to “take care of
them,” lust as Virginia herself cries to Barney, her father whose sole
occupation is golfing and drinking, to “help me."

Giana, agirl of about twenty-five, walking in on Virginia's conversa-
tion with Barney, begins a series of episodes in which the young girls

' parody Virginia's actions, both past and present---Jigee cuts Barney’s
tie to get attention as Virginia has shredded his pants many years be-
fore; Nara makes love with a strange woodcutter as Virginia does with
George whom she hardly knows; ﬁlms is on the verge of divorce as
Virginia once was. .

As she considers these events, surrounded by the girls who refuse
to allow her to run from .the clearing, Virginia is told that “she is

afraid to remember."

 

 

The change of locale.
according to Martin Mann,
the play’s director, has
worked invigorating

'changes in the cast. The

entire atmosphere sur-
rounding rehearsals and

individual performances

changed radically.

Scheduled for production Monday,
May 1, through May 6, rehearsals
have been held indoors until now to
give technical crews the opportun-
ity to install sufficient facilities for
the actors to work with at the out-
door theatre. Mann, who directed
the University Theatre production
of “Stop the World," talked at
length about the play and the move
to the outdoor theatre.

He said that the very openness
of the Theatre by the Lake com-
pared to an indoor theatre, forced
the actors to expand what they had
been doing before. Without the com-
forting confines of four walls, they
had to extend their physical limits
which resulted in a larger-sized
character, one that is more theatri-
cal.

The entire action of the play en-

’ larged as if to more properly fit

its surroundings. “it sounds meta-
physical," he said, “but really it's
only that this play seems to work
better outdoors.” Putting the play
into exactly the kind of surround-
ings the author calls for lends a
greater immediacy to the mood of
the play.

While it would seem that Mr.
Mann was trying for an ultra-nat-
uralistic, real-life atmosphere, in
truth the production took on an even
more theatrical air once it moved
into the outdoor theatre. Set in a
woods-surrounded clearning, the
Theatre by the Lake gets its name
from its location by a lake remain-
ing from the time when Albany
Country Club occupied the land on
which the campus is now situated.

Chosen by the State University
Theatre staff, the clearning has
been converted into a theatre seat-
ing an audience of approximately
two hundred. Because of the outdoor
setting for this production, a policy
for the possibility of a cancellation
due to inclement weather has been

established. V

if a cancellation occurs during
the first act of the play, the cost
of tickets purchased will be re-
funded, and a rain check system
has been developed in the event of
cancellation“ No refund will be
made, however, in case of cancel-
lation during the second act.

Cancellations before the perfor-
mance begins would be announced
on local radio and television sta-
tions. Such a policy is standard for
outdoor theatres, a State University
Theatre spokesman said. ‘Tickets
for CLEARING are on sale now at
the State University Theatre box
office.

The box office is open weekdays
from 11:15 to 3:30, and tickets may
be obtained in Humanities 140. There
will be no reserved seats for this
production.

 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
     
     

NANCY FRIES as Jigee and Jacquie Berger as Nara ash Paulo
Michaela as Virginia to take care at them.

 

 

 

 

   
   
    
    
    
 
   
   
    
       
       
     
     
    
    
      
  
       

.g‘.‘
.

Choosing “A Clearing in the Woods” as a deliberate
change of pace from his productionlast year. Director
Martin Mann has selected a play which telescopes a
welter of experiences and times into a single dramatic
moment. The playwright Arthur Laurents portrays a
time of emotional upheaval in a woman’s life, grad-
ually revealing in “Clearing” the depths to which a
person’s psychological make-up goes.

Psychological Bais

Because of this strong psychological basis this
play is exceptionally theatrical. Penetrating a per-
son’s psychology allows for the total-theatre ap-
proach, for which innovation Laurents has beenhailed.

Mood becomes a major concern, and the need for
strong mood opens the production up for the bold use
of music and color and theatrical action. Helpingto
strengthen this total-theatre approach is the fact that
the play is considered as apsychological fantasy. “We
can do things with stage picture.” Mann said, “that
would be out of place in a straight drama.”

Many Similarities

Surprisingly, he said that on this basis he finds
many similarities of approach between “Clearing”
and his last production, “Stop The World.” since it
lends itself to stylization of action in some respects.

While the characters in “Clearing” are psycholog-
ically motivated. the fantasy aspect of the play al-
lows for theatrical effects beyond the realistic mode.
With all aspects of theatre focusing on Virginia, the
central character. the play becomes a total revela-
tion of “all the subtleties of a person’s psychology."

THE HOUSE in the clearing is the iocal point of the play. The
natural setting by the lake torms the necessary background.

DRAMAIIS PERSOMAE

. . . . Paula Michaela

     

Vlrsinia................ ..
Nora.......... ......... ....Jacquelinel3erger
JlBOG.-........ ......... .......NancyFries
Blfney.........  .......EdwardSchwartz
Ginna.......... ................Anne Murray
George......... .................PaulVillani
Pete........ ................DavidGoiden
liazelmae.....  .. .....BethSabowitz
TheBoy................ ....WllliamSchaeffer
AMY-H..........................MarkKopp
ScenicDesigner...................RobertJ.Donneliy
143M108 Designer ..................Jerome R. Henley
OWN!!!“ Dost!!!” . . . . . . . . . . . . . Patrizia Von Brandenstein
Millie.................-..........JoelChadabe
SilasManager.....................SusunV.Heaps
Assistant aim Manager. . . . . . . . . Barbara Weinstetn

lﬂteif Mai-tents. . . . Bounce écéiifth'n Deanehan, Paula Michaela

    

  
 
 
   
 
  
  
   

   

     

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
   

      

AT THE END at the play Nancy Fries as Jl d P
Michaela as Virginia (seated) and Anne Murray mine trywl:
solve the problem at Virginia's acceptance of herself.

 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
 

BARBARA WEINSTEIN checks the script in order to be able to
cue cast members properly since she is o prompter.

& DIRECTOR MARTIN MANN watches the play intently to otter

suggestions to the cost in Its final stages of rehearsal.

SUMMARY

As the second act opens, Virginia is lyingon the porch of the cottage,
adding and multiplying numbers as if to ward off madness. Jigee, Nora
and Clubs gather around her. "What's she doing?" “Trying to ignore
that we're here." “Oh, then where are we?" “in her head."

Rushing at the girls who have draggedran old trunk of hers into the
clearing, Virginia cries, “l have been driven half mad by a team of
three white nightmares." When they reaffirm that they still want her
to “take care of us because we belong to you as you belong tonic."

she retorts, “l belong to no one.” They reply, “You are nothing with-

out us."

Driving the girls away, Virginia closes her eyes and calls “Andy.”
He appears but as they talk the voices of the girls remind her that
Andy is "ordinary." Knpwing this, Virginia cannot love him.

But finally aha learns. As each girl brings someone to testify before
Virginie that SHE wee liked, Virginia begins to accept herself and to

know what love is. _ -

‘,...--. .4. A blunts

 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

 
 
  

  

     

