’Plnyinglon "a swamp-like- rain soaked field, the Albany statehooters ended a frus-
‘trating s'e‘ason Saturday with a tough 3-0 loss, to Stony Brook University. once again
the Great Danes controlled'the ballE for a' greater5porti0tl ofthe game than did their
opponents,“ but again they were simply unable to score. Stony._Brook§on the other hand .
w ya that re lted in one-on-one sit- 9/

its Glen‘s: sasit
8'"? yam, struck quickly. and effectively, scoring on
uatlons, and goals. , a 
Al Freidheim got the Fat-
riots off to.a quick lead,

as he scored on a pass

‘ ' VOL. le. no. a‘, '-

 Leaders In Closed" Session I

 

'FIAY, NOVEMBER 17. 1967  

. later-Intent Coimeil enacted a rule recently which
«Th... ' "from laying on fraternity teams in AMlA

 

 

 

 

 

9
sports. This rule, “which will go into effect with the coining basket-

ba1l season, seems toi'rne‘ to be a

good rulepbut one that never

should ll”. had to‘been passed. A fraternity'ls indeed
its ideals when it allows a non-brother to play onateam bear-

ing that organisation's lame.

##Itllllllltliil

The annual time lap

se between varsity sports has hit the cam-

pus and it is unfortunate that a tight AMlA league lfootball race-
has not developed to capture the interest of the University's sports

fans. Potter Club, with an undefeated record of five wins anda

scoreless tie‘ with Alpha Pi Anna has only two games remain-

ing in the Club's quest for an unbeaten season. An EEP victory

or its clinches another trophy for the club.

*******

An ideal subJect for some sort of psychology study wouldbe
our own Doc Sauers. One would not be surprised to notice strange
things. After all, you would be affected too if after years of coach-
ing basketball, you learned tint half the bench wasn’t for the play-

ers and the other half for

you, but instead you were allowed to

fill up the entire bench with players if you could find them, and
this year-the Doc’s blessed with a bench. Transfer students, pro-

moted fresh, and returning vets gi

ve Doc a squadl'arge enough

to employ more fast-break playing with less of asacrificeas

[subs will always be available.

*Illltllllitiiitll

The fall varsity sports season is completed and the Univer-
sity should be commended on some of the fine innovations tint
nu baseball

WII'G made.

team became a reality, and the

of game schools did not hurt the school's climb

scheduling big
to big-time athlech.

Coach Munsey's first annual Albany CrossCountry invitational
was without a doubt the sports highlight of the year. The fact that
a strong Spriuiield team ran away with the varsity division can
hopefully encourage other strong teams to participate in the fu-
ture and take a crack at the big victory.

|IllmlliilliillilillllllllllitiltllllIlllltlliltttlillIIllIlllllttltllllllllllllillillllttllllllllliillllIlllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllll

from Dan Kaye at 3:05 of
riod.

thlealfiltrgitspllaesito upped the count
to 2-0 when at 17:04 of the sec-
ond quarter he slid into a ball
that had stopped in a puddle in
front of the goal. The ball had
been deflected by Jerry Ing-
gieri’s diving save and probably
would have gone over the and
line, if it hadn’t been for the
puddle.

Dan Metzger rapped it up for
Stony Brook when he scored on
a breakaway at 10:33 oi the
fourth period.

Albany Plays Well

The Great Danes seemed to
be playing well throughout, but
their deliberate pass and set-up
attack was continuously thwarted
by the heads-up play of the Stony
Brook fullbacks, who alertly
broke up Albany attacks simply
by turning the ball out and over
the side-line.

Thus the Great Danes finish-
ed the season with a somewhat
discouraging 3-7 record. Only
once were they really outclass-
ed, but they simply lacked the
firepower necessary to pull out
the close ones.

Seniors for whom this was the
last game include co-captains
Tim Jursak and Jerry Leggieri,
linemen Gary Swartout and Geta-
chew Habteh-Yimer, and half-
back-filllbacks Joe LaRean and
Tony Glaser.

50 Coach Garcia will be los-
ing six of his present starters.
However the present freshman
team is one of the best in re-
cent years, so the outlook for
next season may not be so bleak
after all.

'Harriers Romp To 15-50 Win

by Thomas Nixon

The Albany state Harriers re-

corded their seventh straight win
and fourth shutout of the year
this Saturday as they defeated
'New Paltz iii-50. Mike Attweli
set a course record of 25:25,
breaking the old record by an
amazing one minute and thirty
seconds.

The Great Danes, in record-
ing the shutout, placed the first
seven finishers as they once
more far outclassed their op-
ponents. Co-captain Joe Keating
placed second as he ran his
best race so far this year. Fol-
lowing Keating across the line
for the Harriers were Paul Bres-
lin, George Rolling, Don Beav-
ers, Bob Mulvey and BobHolmes.
The fact that Paul Roy, who
has been sharing the top honors
with Attweli all year, did not
even run in this race emphasius
the lop-sideduess of the score.
Again, however, the close com-
petition among members the team
itself was exemplified as Joe
Kaating came on strong to fin-
ish second in the race.

This victory, not including
competition in two lnvitationais
brought Albany's record for the
year to seven wins and only one
loss. in addition, it raised Coach
Munsey's overall record to an
amazing so wins against only
five losses. ‘

Despite the one-sidedness of
the. score, the Great Danes did
not turn as strong aperformanc.
as possible as the time served
between their top five ruuum

 

I I‘ll ['3

FlBS’I‘ ANNUAL ALBANY CROSS-COUNTRY

INVITATIONAL made theapurt big time at the University.

Was over a minute.

The Harriers final was this
Tuesday when they traveled to
LeMoyna. Previously this year,
they defeated ,LeMoyne in an
invitational, but they still might
offer tough competition for the
last meat of the year.

R.li.0. Cleaners

COR. WASHINGTON AVE. AND ONTARIOAST.
7' Air-,6 'M -

 

SNAPPY BARBER
SHOP

We lecture
Collegiate hslrcuts

"48 Western Avenue
Filth. Jlill
43241536
“'t’tﬂﬂl' Sims”.

 

 

with 7 s0ﬂ|5~

Hoop Schedule

1987—68 varsity
Basketball Schedule
Fri., Dec. 1 - Coach Guard-Wil-

llams

RPl
Sat., Dec. 2 ~ RPl Coast Guard
Williams
Tues., Dec. 5 - Plattsburgh
Fri., Dec. 8 - University of
Buffalo (A)
Tues., Dec. 12 - Utica College
A -
Sat., Dec. 16 - Central Conn.
Dec. 28, 29, 30, Capital Dis-
trict Christmas Tourney
Sat., Jan. 6 - Brooklyn College
Wed., Jan. 10 - SouthsrnConn (A)
Fri., Jan. 12 - RlT
Wed., Jan. 31 - Stony Brook (A)
Sat., Feb. 3 -’ Potsdam (A)
Tues., Feb. 8 -Harpur College (A)
Sat., Feb. 10 - Hobart College
Wed., Feb. 14 - Oswago (A)
Bat., Feb. 17 - Siena College
Wed., Feb. 21 ~ New Paltz
Sat... Feb. 24 - Pratt (A)
Wed., Feb. 28 - Oneonta
Fri., March 1 -lthacaCollege (A)
Sat., March 2 - Cortland (A)
(A) -Awa games
times and place of home game
will be supplied at a later date
1967—68 Frosh
Basketball Schedule
Sat., Dec. 2 - Mohawk Valley
CC A

Wed., Dec. 6 - Piattsburgh

‘ Sat., Dec, 9 -AlbanyBusiness (A)

Tues., Dec. 12 - Williams Coi-
lese (A)

Sat., Dec. 16 - Hartwick College

Fri., Jan. 5 - RF! (A)

- Sat., Jan. 6 - Alumni

Jan. 0 - Jr. College of

Fri., Jan. 12 - Adirondack CC
., Feb. 3 - Oneonta (A)
Sat., Feb. lo - Hobart College

 

Wed., Feb. 14 - Fulton-Mont.
CO (A)

Sat., Feb. 1'7 - Siena College

Mon., Feb. 19 :Hsrtwick College

wed" Feb. 21 - New Paltz

Sat., Feb. 24 -Cobleskill A&T (A)

Fri., March 1 - Albany College
of Pharmacy (A)

Notices

SWIM CLUB

Anyone interested inswimming
for fitness is welcome. Tuesday
and Wednesday from 7-9 p.m. at
Public Bath No. 3, corner of
Central Avenue and Ontario
Street.

FALL TRACK PRACTICE

Men planning to be on the
Track Club next spring must
report to Coach Kelly next week.
Dally workouts are held from 3
to 5 p.m. on far east soccer
field. Fall track practice start-
ed Thursday, October 26.

 

Kansas Korn

 

 

 

1. College Hooper who scored
100 points in one game for Fur-
man?
2. NCAA basesteailng champion
who was caught stealing for the
first time in his senior year?
13. NCAA College Division
wrestling champion two years
in a row for Albany State?
4. Pitched only no-hitter under
Bob Burlingame's baseball
reign?
sssN uup 'p
(,9, new nous/n 'c
99, omzed “dad” udasop 'z
Antes )llllilgl '1

MR. HOT DOG

Now Delivers To Both Campuses

(Min. Oi‘ilnl‘ $52.00)

HO! DOGS With The Works 20¢
HAIIUIOIIS - FIIIO CHICKEN - "S" I"

«5... now 434-3295 .
,....-.9i?:«!ﬂ'.2‘l.ltf AN?!“ B'HA . . .

 

 

 

 

TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE tor Bully Salute-Merle con-
cert tonight at 8 of the Washington Avenue Amory.

Buffy Sainte-Marie
In Concert Tonight

Buffy Saints-Marie will appear
at a blanket concert at the Wash-
ington Avenue Armory tonight
at 8:00. There is a limited num-
ber of tickets available. The cost
is $1.00 with Student Tax and
$1.50 without.

Buffy's first album of songs
for Vanguard Records ("Buffy
Saints-Marie: it's my Way")be- ~
came one of the most talked
about folk albums in the country,
while her concert successes
earned her rave reviews and de-
manded the release of a second
Vanguard album of her songs.
"Many A Mile" was released
in February, 1065, and has been

Ski Club To Hold
Swap-Shop Sale

A "Swap-Shop" Sale will be
held by the University Ski Club
tomorrow from 10 am. to 4
p.m. in the Ballroom of the Cam-
pus Centcr. Skiingequipment will
be bought, sold or swapped, and
prices will be fixed by the owners.

in addition to the sale, skiing
movies will be shown throughout
the afternoon. Anyone interested
in skiing is invited.

Dill Woissinger, President of
the club, also invites all those
interested to come to the next
meeting on December 1. Plans
are being made for a ski trip
to follow on December 0.

The Ski Club is planning two
weekend trips, six l-day trips,
and several evening trips in the
future. Beginners as well as ex-
perienced skiiers are invited.

The University Ski Club is
a member of the Albany Ski
Council and 'will participate with
the council in upcoming Alpine
Racing Events.

greeted with world-wide critical
acclaim. Her third album, and her
own favorite, “Little Wheel Spin
and Spin," has thoroughly es-
tablished her among the best in
her field.

Buffy Saints-Marie’s repute.-
tion in music circles is enhanced
by the fact that she has written
more than 200 songs, many of
which are included in the rope-
toires of leading international
artists.

Buffy Saints-Marie has made
hundreds of appearances in lead-
ing concert halls, folk clubs and
television programs in the United
States, Canada, and Great Bri-
tain. She has sung .in such di-
verse surroundings as the Vil-
lage Gate in New York and the
Royal Albert Hall in London, the
Troubador in Hollywood and the
Helsinki Folk Festival in Finland
5nd Ithe Place des Artes in Mon-
I'Bil . ‘

An evaluation of student government last Thurs-
day night began with a statement by Jeffrey Mish-
kin, Central Council President, that contrary to
previous information there is an operable Su-
preme Court. -

Until then Council had been operating under
the evidently erroneous impression that there
were only four members of Supreme Court be-
cause one had resigned since last spring. Mish-
kin amounced there had been no resignation.

The discussion of the Judiciary did, not take
place until the end of the evaluation session with
the report by Ray McCloat, chairman of MYS-
KANlA. McCloat stated that MYSKANlA had de-
cided that it would not be a good idea for MYS
KANlA to again take over Judiciary powers.

Previous Intentions

Earlier this year MYSKANlA had announced
their intention to look into the possibility of being
.the Judiciary. Since that statement MYSKANlA lis-
toned to Frank Crowley, a former member who
gave them some of the reasons why MYSKANIA
relinquished its Judiciary powers with the forming
of the new government.

McClost stated that MYSKANlA would remain
primarily an honorary. A discussion of ways to
improve the Judiciary then followed. Adele En-
delkofer, a member of Supreme Court, suggested
that there be some continuity of Judges and have
one or more appointed for more than one year.

Training Session

The idea of a training session of Justices was
discussed and a past Judicial workshop was dis-
cussed. Mr. Neil Brown, director of Student Ac-
tivities, stated that the previous workshop had
no relation to the current controversy because it
had involved student conduct courts which now
operate very well but are in no way responsible
to the Supreme Court which can comment only on
cases of constitutionality.

Terms of the amendment concerning the Sn-
preme Court which had been presented at the pre-
vious Central Council meeting and table were dis-
cussed. Most of the changes hadbeentoallow more
people to apply and to provide for replacement.
Since there is no longer the immediacy of estab-
lishing a court there will probably be more meat-
ings to discuss the Judiciary problem.

Most of the beginning of the evaluation session
was taken up with reports by individual commie
slon chairmen who reported on past activities and
goals of the coming year.

nay Problem

Robert Muivey, chairman of Living Area Affairs
Commission, first spoke of the problems of LAAC.
Mulvey sees money as a problem of LAAC since
it will be doing more than budgeted for inthe
past. Problems with the new hours policy have to

do with freshmen women, educating students about
the policy, and the problems 01 women not follow-
ing the policy.

Some of the things LAAC wants to consider
during the year are doing away with sign-out,
changing library hours, a change in the dress
code, separation of room and board, open house
policy and the problems of the freshman quad.

After Mulvey's report, Paul Breslin expressed
the opinion that there may be too many polls.
He said he thought students were becomin t used

Supreme Court Still Functional

Contrary to the headline in last
week’s ASP there is anopcrutive
Supreme Court. it was thought by
the members of Central Council
and the student body in general
that the court did not have ills
necessary quorm as one Justice
reportedly had dropped off the
court.

Normally there are nine mem-
bers on the Supreme Court.Since
only five students were appoint-
ed last May to serve on the Uni-
versity's highest Judicial body,
all members must meet to con:
stiiute the traditional quorum of
a simple maJority.

it was thought that one mem-
ber of" the court either resigned
or did not obtain the necessary
accumulative average of 2.6.

When Jeffrey Mishkin, presi-

dent oi Student Association, in-
quired last week as to who was
the Justice who left the court,
he found that all five Justices
were able to sit on the tribunal.

The present Student Associa-
tion Constitution does not allow
for any appointments to the court
other than those in May, there
is no present method avnilable
to Student Association to fill any
empty chairs.

Central Council may be forced
to pass a "stop-gap" measure to
fill these seats. At present there
is a movement in the student
government to rewrite the con-
stitutional article dealing with
the Judiciary. The leaders ofthis
movement hope to eliminate the
bottlenecks in the current Judi-
cial system.

 F ra nconisis’Cake’ Tonight, Tomorrow's:

(Evaluate Student Government *

to them and not putting enough value on them.
Someone at the session suggested that there be
fewer LAAC committees and more authority dele-
gated to mad B .
Improve Quality

Mildred Polaenski, chairman of Community Pro-
gramming Commission, stated that one of the ma.-
Jor goals of the commission would be to improve
the quality of programming. They intend to take
a poll to see what student's want. '

Miss poisons“ mentioned the problem of the
boards under the Commission not functioning as
they should. She also stated that she was bothered
by a lack of questions on the part of Central
Council members, and thought there should be a
further evaluation and possible revision of all
aspects of government.

Margaret Dunlap made the report from the
Communications Commission since Richard Long-
shore resigned as chairman shortly before the
meeting. She said that the commission had moved
from being almost aimless to a group with goals
and interests. There is no problem with atten-
dance and the communications media, especially
the ASP and WSUA are anxious to cooperate with‘
each other as well as other organizations in put-
licizing events.

News Source

During the discussion it was brought out that
WSUA should be an important source of upto-
tho-minute news since the ASP appears only once
a. week. it was suggested that WSUA broadcast 15
minutes of campus news every day.

Diane Decker, chairman of Religious Affairs
Commission, reported that the Commission would
like to have a better relationship among clergy,
faculty and students. Religious Affairs Commis-
sion is also exploring the question of the role of
the student and religion.

A question was raised concerning the student
who has no particular religious affiliation since
there are no lit-large positions on the commis-
sion. Miss Decker stated that the Commission
tried to help everyone through lecture series or
the Thanksgiving Festival

Scholarship

Lorraine Maynard, chairman of Academic Af-
fairs Commission, reported the Commission is
working on the Student Scholarship started last
year with the $500 received from participation in
the 6.13. College Bowl.

’l‘his Commission also helped place students on
the University Committee on Undergraduate Cur-
riculum. Miss Maynard also reported thatthe Com-
mission has a communications problem and would
like to print a newsletter informing students about
curriculum and academic affairs. The communica.
tions problem was mentioned by almost all the
chairmen but the Academic Affairs Commission is
the only one which actually mentioned anawsietter.

The commission chairmen generally expressed
the concern for a lack of communications between
Council and commission and the student body. The
general concensus was that as the University grows
larger the communications problem becomes more
important and more serious. . . The Communica-
tions Commission communicated no communica-
tions problem at that time.

B_ , . t V . l ,. ,
BETH SABOVIITZ AND Joy Kupetrnen ere staring in William
Fronkonis' "A Piece ct Cake" which Is playing torrid".

 

