 
 
   

 
 
   
    
  
     

   
  
   
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
     
   
   
   
  
   
  
  

     
  
 

~. Pect.,, on Sports
« _ llll Glenn Sapir ‘
4  Last Saturday night. the Albany basketball teambe-
,‘h'ind the cherring of thousands of fans won what is
anally billed as “themost sought-after victoryof the
‘ ar." it was a proud moment when each one of the
, te motors was able to realize that his team was
  seconds away from victory. Their ECAC all-
 star. Scott Price. had put dieir Great Danes in the
, lead for good. Certainly. no complaints can be lodged
-‘ gas‘to the support our hoop team received that night.

9 Personally. I was pleased to see the large student

 turnout. Likewise. I viewed these proud State fans as

 hypocrites. Where were these'devoted fans all season

' . long? No admission fee existed for all previous games.

' :Buses were supplied for the convenience of the stu-

 dents. A winning team behind a fine coach had well

5a.. pliiy‘ed basketball to offer. Yet. the attendance at the
Hudson Valley gm more often resembled that of a
Friday afternoon class rather than that expected at
a university basketball game.

   

 

 

I

   
    
    
  
 
   
  

  
  

7

Attendance and student support is expected to pick
up next year when the new gymnasium is completed.

Perhaps then we’ll have

consistently large crowds

for our basketball and wrestling events. incidentally.
tomorrow's wrestling match in Page Gym will con-
clude' the varsity wrestling season. For those who
have never seen our NCAA champion Warren Crow
, in action. this .match affords a perfect opportunity.
-_* Crow’s opponent will be Bill DiSapio. the only grap-
‘  pier to blemish Warren’s undefeated record at Al-
bany. The two wrestled to adraw in last year’s match.
With this match highlighting the Cortland match, it is
heped a large number of fans will come to the contest

"' ' starting at 3:30 p.m.

The varsity grapplers deserve congratulations for
their tremendous 41—0 shutout victory over visiting
Brooklyn Poly. Besides allowing no match points, the
total individual points picked up by the visiting Blue—
jays was one. that coming on a dubious. warning
against a State grappler. Chet Krom’s pinning of his
opponent in the first period for his initial varsxty Vic-
tory ended a most rewarding Saturday afternoon for

Coach Joe Garcia.

Congratulations also go out to the Phys Ed admin—
istration who charged Siena one hundred dollars for
the use of our scoreboard Saturday in retaliation for

the unpopular admission

fee. Since one of the two

 Victory. 0

Harpoon looils' vars ‘ "Five
var New all:

by Jim Winslow

Albany State’s cagers. experiencing one of their few “off” nights. handed New

Paltz State College a cl‘ose-78-68 loss at the laser’s gym in New Paltz. New York.0

last Tuesday night. The victory. which brought the Great Dane record to 15-6.
was marred by 58 fouls by both sides. The difference in the score is accounted for
in the percentages from the foul stripe: Albany hit on 24 of 30 while New Paltz
could manage only 14 of 28 free throws.

Leading the Dane’s at-
tack .was soph Rich Mar-
gison with 27 points on eight
field goals and 11 of 14
free throws. Margison
scored 15 of his points in
the crucial second half.

New Paltz opened a 5-2 lead but
the tenacious Danes came back with
eight straight points to lead 10-5.
The hustling Danes piled up a 21-9
lead through ten minutes of the first
half but suddenly went cold from the
floor as they managed only six more
points in the final ten minutes ofthe
first half and led, 27-25.

The two teams stayed even for
three-quarters of the second half,
New Paltz tying the score once at
45-45. Finally, Margiscn took over
the ball-handling chores for State
and the Danes pulled away to a slim
victory.

Along with Margison’s 2'1 points,
Mike Bloom had 14 points, Marty
O'Donnell contributed 13 markers,
while Scott Price had 10 points and
14 rebounds, and Jim Constantino
had 9 points.

Frosh Win Big
in the freshman preliminary, the
State frosh easily defeated the Now

APA, Camfs
In League Clincher

Thursday evening offered school
hoop fans the best in intramural
basketball action as the undefeated
(ll-O) CAMFS and (6-1) APA faced
off in what promised to be “the”
game of the year. The CAMFs who
lost their top scorer, Joe Horne at
semester break have shown no signs
of weakening and have had little

scoreboards didn’t work, I wouldn’t be surprised to trouble in keeping their record in-
learn we will receive only fifty dollars.

We all wish Sports Editor Don Oppedisano a
speedy recovery from his illness.

‘CRandy Palmer, Wrestler;
' Improvement Means Wins

Ever since his high school days. Randy Palmer has
been constantly improving. While at Canastota High,
he was voted the most improved wrestler. Last year,
after transferring from Morrisvilie A&T he again
exhibited his continued progress by garnering the most
improved wrestler award on the varsity.

At Morrisvilie A Ki T,
Randy compiled a 15-4
slate. and was captain an
MVP. Last year. he was
6-6. winning his last four
matches. This season. he
has a 10-1 record to date.

Analyzing Randy's siyio,two main
characteristics stand out. First, he
has developed into an all around
wrestler. Previously, he was pri-
marily an arm wrestler. llowaver,
under the tutelage of Coach Garcia
and Warren Crow he has also per-
fected the art of leg wrestling.

Second, once llandy hooks an arm
or a leg he usually rides his oppon-
ent waiting for an opening so that
he can apply a pinning hold.

When asked his opinion of this
year's team, he said that “without
injuries and a lack of depth, we
could have had ihebestsquud ever."
llh mentioned that last year every-
ono was calling this season‘s var-
ally, the "Dream Team," since
there were no losses due to grad-
uation, and because of the fins crop
of freshman wrestlers.

The highlight of Randy's career
was “beating the wrestler who was
second in the New York State Uni-
versity Tournament, who had rio-
cisloned me last year, anddcfeniing
the men who had beaten me previous-
1y."

liundy, who presently wrestles in
the 145 pound class plans to lose
weight, so that he can compete in
the 137 pound class. lie hopes to
wrestle at this weight in the up-
coming match with Cortland State,
and most importantly in tho NCAA
tournament, which will be hold
March 10, in Wilkes—iiuf‘l'o, l’a.

SNAP" BARBER SHOP

We lecture
Collegiate haircuts

5 minute walk from tho-
Novv Campus

IND Western Avenue

Miami FRANK

tact. APA, with only a twopoint loss
to the CAMFs blemishing their rec-
ord, appeared equally as strong as
they sought revenge in hopes of keep-
ing alive their chances for the title.

In play last week a 01-60 over-
time Victory by the Save over KB
provided most of the excitement.
Dick Woytek threw in four of his
team high 22 points in the extra
period to win the game for the Save.
Bob Rifeuberick, the league's top
scorer, tossed in 24 and Rich Patrei
added 17 to lead KB.

Despite a 20 point effort by Jim
LaFountain, APA had no problems
in beating Pierce 72-39. The play-
making of Gary Torino and the scor-
ing of Ken Darmer and Bill Moon
led the APA assault.

The CAMFs took care of Potter
63-47 as their two big nlen, Ted
Gerber and Vern Lannier had 18 and
17 respectively.

Women Calm
Extend Stein

On Feb. 20, the women of Albany
State met llni'iwick woman for 2
basketball games. Although our wo-
men showed great improvement over
previous games they lost both games
to llartwick. Tho SCOTCH; were 30-16
and 29-16.

In the first game, the high scorer
for Albany was Jean llci'rick with
11 points. In the second game, the
high scorer was Reggie Dcceu with
7 points.

In n home gums against Potsdam
on Sch, Feb. 25, Albany made its
host showing so for. The gums was
exciting ihroughoui especially in
the lust minutes.

The score was 46-44 with 0 sec-
onds left of play. There was then
a double foul committed and Pots-v
dam guinod another point, bringing
the final score to 47-44 in Pots-
dam's favor.

The high scorer for Albany was
Jean llerrick with 13 points, fol-
lowed by Karen Miller with ll
points.

Paltz freshmen, 88-69, as subs
played much of the way. Jack Adams
led the fresh with 25 points on many
driving layups and fast breaks. Be-
hind Jack, John Careri added 13
points, Dick Bardeschewski had 11
and Jim Sandy had 10 markers.

That same night and right after
the fresh encounter, the varsity will
face the UB varsity. it isaresched-
uled game and does not appear on

the schedule. Previously this sea-

as the Bulls trounced State, 90-68.

Dons! ave i5-6

With one game remaining, the
varsity has posted wins over Pratt
institute of New York, Plattsburgh,
Potsdam state, Brooklyn College,
Marist, Utica (2), Harpur, Cortland
State, Oswego State, Ithaca College,
Rochester institute, Oneonta State,
Siena College, and New Paltz State...)i
They have lost to Central Connecti-
cut Siate, Southern Connecticut
State, Merrimack, Siena College,

Cruel-“y, such 3, m7 .

50"» the Buffalo cagers handed the Montclair, and the University of
Buffalo.

‘t‘b

Danes their worst defeat of theyear

,.

      

ll Looks Goodl

iirapplers Iurn In Second Shutoui

by Dunc Nixon

The Albany State. wrestlers romped to their second
consecutive shutout Tuesday as they blanked Central
Connecticut by a 35-0 count. The win upped the Great.)
Dane’s record to 6—3—1, and set the stage for their
final match tomorrow. when they will host Cortland
at 3:30 in the Page Hall gym.

champions. Bill'Desario is one of
Randy them and he remains the only man
to blemish Warren Crow's record
at Albany as the two wrestled to a
draw last year.

AMIA Bowling I,

Warren Crow,
Palmer and Roger Gorham
led the way for the Joe Gar-
cia coached matmen, as all
three registered second
period pins.

Crow, who remains undefeated    
but may get stiffcompetition against
Cortland, used a grnpcvine for a At the end of three weeks, Potter.)
4:40 pin. Palmer turned his man Club, puccd by Ray McCloat’s 180
over with n hull-nelson and pinned nvornge, holds first place with an
him in 8:40, for ids second pin in impressive 17-4 record. The Goo-
u row and his ninth consecutive vic- burs, led by Wayne Smith's 180
howling, are close behind, posting
u 15-0 record. The two top teams
meet Saturday. The other teams that
remain in contention nro Justice
League (14-7), limi News Five (iii-ii)
and tho Choppers (12-0). John Wong

Gorhum also used a hull-nolson
to put his Illilll on his back. ills pin
came at 4:40, and ii uppcdhis record
to 6-3. Winner's by decision for AI-
buny included: llill Russell, who , ‘ “
Scored “ 44) shutout, Mtke pomﬂbu ofmthe lggoppois leads all bowlers
kt, who gained n 7-6 win by virtue w m uvemgo'
of one minutes riding time, and m [Ammo u ncﬂml, The“; X},
Frﬂnk Barry, Who Dutimlllmd “15 Omega and Phi Beta Sigma knoiiocﬂ)
mun 5-! i0 "it his “word l0 0-2- themselves into a first place tic

Cﬂlliﬂlll Ml News“) “150 W0" 0“ with identical 24-11 records. 'i‘XO
riding time, as his mulch was tied won only one of ma mum game};
11-11 on maneuvers, but since ha “3de hm 5m; clinched tin-99 a!
nod been in control for 0V01‘tW0 the fin: inutch points. Leuguo ll
minutes more than his opponent, he scoran “no”. one point (or each
won iii-ll. Ari has now won four in or the three games, one point for
u row and in 7-1! {01' "10 l’ﬁﬂr- total pins, and one point for high

team single. Thus, ’l‘XObohind lv‘os-

llenvywoight Chol Krom uiso won for Gl‘noim'f-l 230 and the teams 007,
by decision, as once ngnlu ho pi'e- worn uhio lo cop three points.
served the Grant Dana’s shutout with
u find performance, scoring by n llohinl the league loudersarc lip-
close 7-6 count. siIoii Phi Sigma (17-18) and Alpin.l

Tomorrow's match should ho a 1’1 Alphu (16-10). The two iastposi~
81‘“! 01w; Cortland Will be brlng- tions are held by Alpha Lambs Chi
ing four State College Conference (13.22) and Potter Club.(ll-24).

if
i:
l:



l.‘
l

 

 

. zer Prize for excellence in foreign

 
 
 
  
 

  
  
  

University

  
    
 
 

  

 

 

HOW MANY
DID YOU
PICK?

 

 

 

 

 

 

,m‘usv YORK 4

Salisbury To (live  “a
lecture ii Forum,  if, g 
'lieporilrum. llanoi’ ,1 , ', 

Harrison Salisbury, assistant
managing editor of the New York P)
Times, will deliver a “Report from 7’
Hanoi" Sunday, March 12, at 7:30 'i .
p.m. in the Ballroom. Salisbury,
a Pulitzer prize winning reporter,
author, and an expert on Russo- I
Chinese relations is being pre- .‘
sented by the Forum of Politics as
the second in a series of speakers
on Vietnam.

Tickets for the lecture are pre-
sently available in llU 140, free to
students with student tax and at
$1.00 for faculty and students with-
out tax cards, until they run out.
After the Ballroom tickets are ex-

0 haused Forum willdlstributetickeis
for anyone wishing to see the lecture
on closed circuit T.V.

With the approval of the U., S.
State Department, the author spent
part of December 1966 and Janu-
ary 1967 in North Vietnam, and his
reports for the New York Times
made front-page headlines.

Salisbury’s series of articles pub-
lished in the "New York Times" last
December and January, from which
his talk will betaken,provided many
on-the-spot insights on North Viet-
namese society, their leaders, and
the extent of civilian casualities in

-the North.

Since returning from North Viet-

nam, Salisbury has traveled to Mos-

/

 . '

Ballroom.

Inauguration,

 

. a.
THE "67-68 MYSKANIA is pictured taking the oath ol cities
which is being administered by Re Volvo, Chief Justice of the
upremo Court, at the Inauguration held Sunday allevnoon in the

 
 

H‘

 

 
   
 

’ 'r-

Tapping Held

For Class 0ftices,Myskania ,.

Tapping of the ﬁist MYSKANlA treasurer.
cow to gather information for an highlighted the inauguration Sunday.

Laur Kurz, last year’s student

inadepth analysis ofilussian affairs. Vince Abramo, Student Association Ambassador to Poland, announced

vice-president, introduced

the Sharon Long as ambassador to India

One of the top editors of the guests and later in the program as well as two partial ambassador-
New York Times, Salisbury made 3 turned it over to Ray Cianfrini, ships. Diane Suklennik will go to

complete orbit around China in the MYSKANIA chairman.
summer of 1966, traveling through
Southeast Asia on a trip that in-
cluded Laos, Burma and the Him- order of the seats they hold or

golia and Siberia.

Stevens Robert
Salisbury won his coveted Pulit- ' Mluvey'

reporting in 1954 with s series of biom mane 5
articles called "Russia Reviewed.” Hewitt. omervme'
The series was based upon five

New members of MYSKANIA,
topped by the former members in from the Alumni Quad was won by

9 Victor Loo or. Dave Cummin sw
glayan-Indlan Border, up to Mon. Alexander Krakower, SuzanneBudd, p g on

untapped, Charles Bartlett, Richard

Officers of the class of 1968 are

France and Kileen Tracy to iran..
Central Council replacement seat

the opening from the Colonial Quad.
Fran Litz was elected to LIVing

William Area Affairs Commission from the
Cleveland, Ray McCloat,John Foils, Alumni Quad; Jack Kramer,from the
Michael Ginsburg, Marsha Schon- Colonial Quad; Judith Mills, com-
and Lynn muters; Marie Balmentl, George

Taylor, Dutch Quad.
Seniors elected to positions on

years 35 Moscow corresponds!“ 101‘ William Cleveland, president; Igor' Alumni Board are Nick Dugo, Joan

the New York Times and extensive Kormuk we,» ,
travel in Soviet Central Asia. Dietz, s'ecretarllliesmem'
thias, treasurer.

Born in Minneapolis in 1008, Sal.

Minnesota and edited the college dObY. Vice-President;
paper there. Upon grududtion in cam“: Secrelﬂrl';
1930, he wentto UP's Chicago bur-i treasurer.

eau to cover the trial of Al Capone.
In 1043 he became the London bur- Sieve Chemlske. President;
enu manager and directed coverage weliisml": Vlce‘m‘eSldenl;

of we war m Europ8_ Milnar, secretary; and Pete Pavone,

Margaret Gresens,
and Andrew Ma. Teves and Martin Schwartz.

Officers of the class of 1970 are

Henry Made], Sharon

Guests present during the pro-

Officers of the class of 1909 are cram were President Evan R -
isbury attended the University of J9" Mann". preSldenl. Jildllh 05- I CO]

lins; Dr. Clifton Thorne, vice-pres-

Rosemary ident for Student Affairs; Dr. Milton
Paul Breslin,

Olson, vice-president for Manage-
ment and Planning; Mrs. Lillian
Prescott, a member of the 1918

Barry MYSKANiA; and Neil Brown, direc-
Jamca tor of Student Activities.

Vince Abramo, in his introductory

 

who flpr
'I‘oday........

Dr. Richard Etlnghnusen, “Islamic Art,” Lecture
Rm. 2. 1:25 p.m.

Newman. “Psychological Perspectives of the Church
and Society," Hu 254. 1:25 p.m.

Senator Michael B. Yates on Irish Politics. Lecture
Hall in Sayles at 2 p.m.

Dr, Ellinwood. “India Today.” 4 p.m.. music lounge
of Campus Center.

Newman. “What is a Christian?”. Brubncher Lower
Lounge. 7: 15 p.m.

“Clearing in the Woods." tryouts. Hu 39. 7:30-10p.m.
Paul Meadows of Syracuse U,, "Alternatives to Func-
tionalism." Lecture Rm. 3, 8 p.m.

Kaplan. “International Cooperation in Science: Its Im-
pact on Education and the Economy.” Dutch Quad
Dining Rm.. 8:30 p.m.

Harrison Salisbury tickets available in Hu. 140.
“Merton of the Movies" ticket available in the State

U. Theatre Box Office. ll:15-3:80. daily. Hu. 140.

 

speech, spoke of the rapid changes
which have taken place within the
University in the past few years.
Abrumo mentioned that tilts inau-
guration is another milestone be-
cause it is the first to be held on
the new campus.

Abrmno introduced Dr. Thorns
who brought greetings from the fac-
ulty. Thorns stated that the new
student government was becoming
mature but was still new enough to
be revised without destroying its
effectiveness.

Thorns cited anumber of achieve-
menis of the student government. lls
mentioned the building cftheiudicial
system, the establishment of the re-
lationship between Athletic Advisory
Board and Student Association and
"the weathering of the storm of
student assessment."

Thorns also made a recommen-
dation for a purpose for MYSKANIA.
lie uggesied that they aid the grad-
uate students in establishingawork-
able student government. he labeled
MYSKANIA “the oldest, wisest
group" and the best able to serve
as a liaison between the grads and

 

Tio'kets availab e in Hu 141

 

“ﬂdlii‘ﬂl‘ldﬁ.

mirmouncil
" Alcohol Board "Proposal

  

  

VOL.'Llli. No.7

Hours

Central Council Thursday night gave its approvalto
the report of the Committee to Draft Campus Alochol
Policy and commended the committee’s “thorough-
ness and speed” in drafting the alcohol policy. Mr.
Neil C. Brown. chairman of the special committee.
reported that the committee had not yet formulated
a policy for use of alco-
hol in students room or 2:32: hilt“i.:’°:fa.iitf°§:if
0" OUt'Of'dOOI‘ areas With' chasing, and serving of alcoholic
in the residence quad- beverages will be done exclusively
rangles. A decision on

by the agency within the University
_ to which the license is issued.',’
these areas Will be forth-
coming.

Brown said that the committee re-
serves the right to take a stand on
"The bring your own concept."

The committee recommended the
serving of alcohol in the Student
Center’s Patroon Room, the second
floor restaurant, and a rathskeller.
Other areas of the student center
will be open to alcohol during special
events.

The alcohol will be sold to the
students at cost. The only time a
profit will be made by the sale of
alcohol is during all-University
charity affairs. in non-residence
areas the final approval of where
and when the alconoi can be served
and what types of alcohol should be
served rests with the Director of
Student Activities.

The use of certain areas of the
residences for the servingofalcohol
at special events was also recom-
mended by the committee. The use
of the dining areas, lounges and rec-
reutionuaneas-lorr:suchrpurpososvlsw
subject to the approval ofthe Direc-
tor of Residences.

The alcohol report must be ap-
proved by the Student Affairs Coun-
cil of‘the Faculty’senate‘ before it
is sent to the president's office.
Once ,President Evan R. Collins
approves the proposal it will be-

Alcchol will not be allowed in the come official policy.

academic areas. The committee
“perceives no necessity for the pre-
sence of alcohol in the classrooms
or public areas of the academic
buildings." The only exception is
when an academic department,
school, college, division, or some
other organization plans a special
event in one of the lounges.

The Delegation to the National
Student Conference on Vietnam made
its formal report to Central Coun-
cil. The delegation felt that the main
intention of the conference was "to
gather to emotionally rubber stamp
another of the enumerable ‘We hate
Johnson,’ resolutions. Central
The committee recommended that Council RPPFOVed the report.
alcoholic beverages be allowed at
the pond area during special events.
The committee also accepted the
idea of having a rathskeller at cer-
tain times and beer sold over the
Snack Bar at the Mohawk Campus
and at Camp Dippikili. The opera-
tion at Camp Dippikili may be re-
stricted by the lack of appropriate
facilities and personnel.

in order that the University stu-
dent can express his opinion on the
Vietnam War Central Council auth-
orized a Vietnam Referendum. The
dates set for the vote on the refer-
dum. The dates set for the vote on
the referendum are April 13 and 14.
Henry Made], a member ofthe com-
mittee to draw up the referendum,
said that the committee will get as
man-opinions as they can to aid them
to draw up the questions.

Vincent Abramc asked Brown if
the students could bring their own

NEIL BROWN. director at Student Activities and the recom-
mondatlons ol the Alcohol Committee with Central Council
momhorl. Left to right on Craig Springer. Noll Brown, Deborah
Friedman, Michael Ginsburg, Robert Mulvoy and Joseph Mohoy.

 
 

