 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i

THE GALLERY in the Fine Arts Building has many facets converging at the eye of

“IE observer.

 

 

The Spectator

by Robert B. Cutty

 

 

Despite their staggering budg-
ets, the television networks have
actually scheduled tourney] 
riety series for the Fall, ’67
season. All four yielded surpris-
ing reactions from both the pub-
lic and the critics, myself be-
ing no exception.

NBC’s "The Danny Thomas
Hour” is one of this year's most
notable disappointments. it has
proven to be a sorry lookalike
of the previous year's dis-
aster. "ABC Stage ’67."

What Thomas' show suffers
from is too hasty planning. With
most of its musical and com-
edy hours and dramatic specials
produced during the spring and

_summer, one reluctantly sus-
pects that ideas were hastily
thrown together at impromptu
brain-storming sessions.

The tragedy of the Thomas

hour is that these 'ideas were
budgeted as official productions
and then filmed as if actually
completed. With little over-all
planning, “The Danny Thomas
Hour" has been relagated to
the history books as a minor
footnote.

The surprise delight of the new
season is "The Carol Burnett
Show” on CBS. Bright, fast
and humorous, the show gains
greatly from solid direction and
sprightly skit-writing.

Burnett, herself, is the main
surprise of the show. She is a
cool, gracefully - poised, skill-
hiliy - timed monologuist, doubl-
ing as an outrageously hilarious
comedian and a forceful, vibrant
songstress.

Especially, though, Burnett ls
the perfect hostess. Few vari-
ety-show stars seem so at

 

 

Fourth Time Around

By igor Koroluk

 

 

Oct. 27 will bring one of the
all-time greatest rock groups
to this campus as part of the
Homecoming weekend. The
Byrds have been riding high on
the charts ever since their re-
lease of Dylan’s "Mr. Tambo-
rine Man" in 1965.

Their first single led, if not
initiated, a third stream of pop-
ular music combining two pres-
ent forms into “folk - rock"
and the wave they brought on is
still with us, especial'y evident
'ln the West Coast groups. it
may also be said that "Mr.
Tamborine Man" shed a new
light on Bob Dylan and start-
ed him and his music on the
road to popularization.

Unlike many groups, who seem
to stagnate in one successful
music type, the Byrds are con-
stantly developing, searching
for new ways to communicrte
their ideas. All the membe's
were well - schooled musician s,
most having limited success in
the straight, ethnic, folk nu-
sic realm.

They are primarily a weird-
ing group doing much of heir
work on the spur of the moment,
improvising without written mu-
sic until they hit onto an idea
that stimulates them. The fin-
ished product is often their ori-
ginal take, the first time the
certain place of music has
ever been heard, and this says
a great deal about their most-
cal abilities.

Many of their earlier songs
have been folk songs rephrased
in the rock idiom leaning heav-
ily on Bob Dylan, who is still
probably the largest single force
behind their music as exhibited
by their recent hit "My Back
Pages." Fro-n Dylan they
turned to Pete Sugar for one
of their biggest and most pro-
found works, "Turn, Turn,

it

n.
Their original works include

"Eight Miles High," "Fifth
Dimension," and "Do You Want
to be a Rock and Roll Star."
To date they have released five
albums including one of the
only greatest hits albums which
contains just that — only hits,
but any of their recordings is a
buy and even now their first
songs aren't outdated as so often
happens in rock.

The Byrds’ musical excellence
has attracted such noteworthy
attention as that of Leonard Bern-
stein who used them in a seg-
ment of his TV special on popu~
lar music last spring.

‘A ddingMachine ’F allows

ease with their guests and Work
so well with them. The return
of Carol Burnett to television
is a most triumphant one, in-
deed.

"The Jerry Lewis Show" is
back on TV this year, but with
three changes from the for-
mer, short-lived series of some
seasons ago: the show is now
on NBC; it lasts the convention-
al length of one hour; and, most
important, there is a written
script provided for the full
show.

There are two things about
the series that are not differ-
ent: Lewis is still a brilliantly
effective comic when he is at-
tempting subtle, low-key humor;
but, he continues to insist on
over-blown, futilely farcialskits
padded with few comedy lines
and little plot originality. The
laughs are few, and considering
Lewis' talent, this is tragic.

NBC‘s third new variety ser-
ies is “Kraft Music Hall." The
format is somewhat unusual for
a continuing show: each week a
different host and a different
style of music.

Obviously, this kind of series
cannot be reviewed in the ordi-
nary manner. Each show is in
itself a musical ~ variety spe-
cial and the individual quality
of each show is the sum result
of the efficiency, talent, taste
and ability of the performers
and production staff involved.

i have seen several of these
'specials.’ Space alone prevents
me from acclaiming the series
directors for their brilliant
executive production.

Mann’s Drama Trend

By Ellis Kaufman

This week, auditions for the
second State University Theatre
production of the l0tl7-0ti season.
are nearing completion. The
play, Elmer Rice's "The Adding
Machine," will be staged by Mr.
Martin Mann for a December
presentation.

1 shamefacedly admit at this
point that l failed to catch both
of Mann's two previous produc-
tions. These were his critical-
ly-successful stagings of the mu-
sical-comedy “Stop the World!
l Want to Get Off" and Ar-
thur Laurents' psychological dra-
his "A Clearing in the Woods."

Defies Analysis

Mann, unlike Mr. James Leon-
ard who i have previously spoken
of, defies either easy or sim-
ple analysis. That is to say, at
first glance there is no sim-
ilar thread woven through the
three plays whose titles are list-
ed above.

But let us observe the ideas
observed in each of these three
plays, in “Stop the World!" we
notice that authors Anthony N"-
ioy and Leslie Brien-u hm 0"-

ated the modern 'Everyman.’

Our singing hero (or possibly
anti-hero) is the success-seek-
er whose travels have filled nu-
merous volumes of both history
and fiction. But this little man
in the economically whirling so-
cial wheel is never fully satis-
fied with his position. Always,
he seeks to raise his status in
the eyes of his family, friends,
business and nation.

This unfortunate, foolish and
loveless link in an impersonal
chain of meaningless lives is
Littlechap. And he is found in
both 'Clearing' and "The Add-
ing Machine“ as wall.

in 'Clearing' Arthur Laurents
dealt with a woman who, having
failed to understand the uncer-
tain events of the past now
feels her present life lo lack
the security of sound meaning-
fulness and refuses to take the
lonely path through rk
woods that leads to her future.

Littlechap and Laurants' hero-
ine are both self -daluded. Nel-
thar appreciates the world they

Continued on Penn [0

‘PrivateLife’Shoyvs

,' Thursdoypﬂciclian it, 1957

Nazism On Move

Bertoit Brecht's "The Private
Life of the Master Race," a
documentary play about the rise
of Nazism, will open the fifty-
third season of the State Univer-
sity ’lheatre. Unier thedirection
of James M. Leonard, the Brecht
play will run November 1—4, at
8:30 p.m., in Page Hall at the

' University's doWntown campus.

‘The Private Life' illustrates
the environment from which the
German troops emerged to
ravage Europe. Through aseries
of scenes and sketches, Brecht
reveals in documentary fashion
such aspects of the Nazi regime
as the brutality of the concen-
tration camps, the struggle of
the Communist underground
movement, anti-Semitism, and
Goebbels' progoganda.

Montage Techinque BF

Using a montage technique,
Brecht tries to demonstate the
effects of Nazism on families
and on individuals. For example,

. a scene called "The lnformer’

points to the fear of a school-
boy's parents that their son will
report some of their anti-Nazi
remarks.

James M. Leonard, "The Pri-
vate Life's" director, also
handled last year's successful
revival of Kaufman and Cons
nelley’s play "Merton of the
Movies." Leonard announcedthat

the cast for the Brecht play in-
cludes: Barber David, CarolDi-
Tosti, Ellen Emmer, Jane Man-
del, Karen Massrek, Elaine Poo
kanur, Charlene Strong, Judith
Wiesen all! Penelope Wright.
Also included are Gary Aldrich,
Charles Bartlett, William Dos:
cher, Philip King, Edward
Kramer, . Frederick Penal,
Micheal Rutherford, William Sny-
der, Robert Bruce Tiffany and
Richard Topper.

The State University Theatre
has also added a new member to
its production staff. Joining
scenic designer Robert J. Dori-
neily and lighting designer Jer-
ome R. Henley is Miss Arlene
DuMond, who will be costume
and makeup designer for the
theater.

Miss DuMond has had exten-
sive experience as scene
designer, actress, director and
costume designer in working at
the Sacramento Civic Theater,
the Pittsburgh Playhouse and
NBC Television in New York City.

As a convenience to its sup-
porters, the State University
Theatre has movedits box office
this year to the information desk
of the Campus Center. The
Campus Center box office will
make direct ticket sales andtake
telephone reservations for all
University Theatre productions.

 

THE DECKER EXHIBIT

of watercolors can be soon

now in the Campus Center Gallery.

 

"TIE SEEKERS" will a
Oct. 28 at 8:00 pm. at the Washington Ave. Armory as
part of Homecoming Weekend.

 

 

 rs  I s, V

‘hy John Webb

2‘“ H.

Once in a great while, talevisiiiiprovidas us with
an evening worth watching, and although television
is not really the domain of this column, last

Wednesday evening's shows were well worth note,
domain or no domain. These wars the Kraft Music
Hall's ' ' Tin Pan Alloy Today” immediately' follow-
ed by Barbra Straisand as the “Belle of 14th

Street."

The Kraft Music Hall was hosted by George
Burns, a 86-year-old man of great vigor and still
and featured such guest stars
as Dionne Warwick, Nancy Amos, Tony Tanner of
the film "stop the World. . .," Sergio Mendes and
me. The choreo-
graphy, although nothing spectacular, was done by

a good entertainer,

Brasil '06, and Harpers Bis

the great Peter Gennsro.

The purpose of the show was to convince people
that the modern music of the hippies is not so
different from the past generation and is really
pretty good, and although'they never really suc-
ceeded in proving their point by using whati would
call poor. analogies, it did provide an hour ofde-

z’, , lightfui entertainment.
linear in concert saturday‘

 

 

Films

by Dave Bordwell

 

 

 

l6l0 (astral Ava.

Dress informal

 

(formally appeared at Your Father's
Smokey's ..___, and The Red __.___._.

BﬂWNSTAIRS
AT THE EMBERS

(last to Holiday In)

Fred Renolds and his Tuxedo Banjo
and Brass Band appear every Friday
and Saturday Night 9 p.m. - 2 a.m.

-.—.——————_

 

 

 

“What is difficult about Fal-
staff, I believe, is that he is the
greatest conception of a good
man, the most completely good
man, in all drama," said Orson
Welles after the completion of
“Chimes at Midnight" (since
retitled " Falstaff").

Even despite the normal
amount of the Welles baloney,
the remark throws light on his
portrayal of the title role and the
way the film is structured.
Welles' Falsth is not the vulgar
buffoon, but a Pan, a Life Spirit
embodying the all-embracing ad-
venture of carefree living which
Prince Hal must know and ulti-
mately reject.

The film (playing for the last
time tonight at the Strand down-
town) is an adaptation of both
parts of “Henry IV" and a scene
from "Henry V." Welles has
cut for plot, centering on the
relationship between Prince Hal
and Jack Falstaff, and making the
Scottish and Welsh rebellion
serve as a turbulent background
and at certain instants a testing-
ground for Hal's responsibility
and manhood.

For once Welles cannot be
faulted for casting: Keith Baxter
(Hal), John Gielgud (King Henry),
Dame Edith Evans (Mistress
Quickly), Jeanne Moreau (Doll
.Tearsheet) — and Welles himself
as Falstaff.

Now, after “Citizen Kane"
Welles has not had complete suc-
cess directing films in which he
has starred; he tends to upstage,
steal scenes, ham it up, and let
the camera play disproportion-
ately over his enormous bulk.
But because he does not com-
pletely occupy stage center and
because the Hal-Falstaff conflict
is balanced by a Hal-Henry and a
Hal-Hotspur one, it seems to me
that Welles as actor has suc-
ceeded mightily here.

His Falstaff is a marvel: can-
tankerous, lying, swinish, repul-
sive, incorrigible, and yet so
charged with life that one feels
much closer to him than toany of
the more strictly “moral” char-
acters in the play. -

Welles' direction is sensitive
and, for him, highly restrained.
The film is about people, not
camera tricks. Welles lets noth-
ing interfere with the flow of the
drama, and yet always finds the
right angle, the poetic image,
that makes it a film and not a
photographed play.

The beautiful opening scene in
the snow. and the scenes in tho
Boar's Head Tavern glow with a
warmth of textures and move-
ment that is pure cinema, while
the wordless battle sequence —
ham! held camera, lightning cut-
ting — reproduces the slashes,
berries, and crushing brutality
of men in combat as has no other.
battle sequence 1 have ever seen.

i will go further: "Falstaff"

'ts Walles' best movie since

“Magnificent Ambersons" and

perhaps since“Kane." And it is
one of the most original and

cent years.

l‘hrough word and image, all
the comedy and pathos ofShakesn
peare’s drama is freed; so that
it is like a thunderclap when, at
the comic crowning-scene at the
Boar’s Head, Falstaff begs to be
remembered: "Banish plump
Jack and banish all the world,"
and Prince Hal replies unhesitat-
ingly, “i do, I will." in “Fal-
staff” an immortal creator of
cinema reminds us that beneath
its joy life can be unbearably
saddenlng.

teacher."

Great Group

Burns on Ilillili“

George Burns launched the show with a few com-
ments on the hippies, voicing his respect and
admiration for these "flower people,” and pro-
ceeded to make some very true and some rather
cute comments of the Bob Hope type. The curtain
then went up on Dionne Warwick who sang her
beautiful "Alfie" against a back drop showing a
picture of Michael Caine. Miss Warwick has s.
beautiful voice, but her performance here lacked,
particularly if you've heard the recording.

The program then proceeded with Sergio Mendes
and Brasil '66 doing a "good show" of the "One-
affecting works of cinema of re- Note Samba" followed by the comedian, DickCavett,
who talked about his days at Yale where he "won a
scholarship because his father was a school

Nancy Ames provided us with a rather lifeless
performance of "Suruiy," followed by a duet with
Dionne Warwick of famous Beetle songs, helped
out by George Burns who tried to show relation-
ships between old songs and those of the Beatles.
That flopped, but the duet was excellent.

Harpers Bizarre, a really great entertaining
group sang Cole Porter's "Anything Goes," and
then joined Burns for a medley. Harpers Bizarre
produces a very mild and slightly weak tone, but

 

T hevjazz Review

by Lou Strong

 

 

 

guitar. Seigal also has a good
musical brain. But, he doesn't
use it. What's worse, he hasn't
trained this same brain for
music.

(Editor's Now: Apologies to
I. 011 Strong and his readers
[or our failure to print. last
week‘s ".lazz Racism" in its
“me!” I‘M/3') Musical Desire

I owe all my readers an apo- So what are we left with? we
logy for the article that was haveaguitaristwithuncoordinat-
finally printed as "The Jazz ed hands, an untrained musical
Review" of last week. Due to brain, and yet, we also have a
some very poor editing and even musical desire, and much pseudo-
poorer inter-staff communica- artistic MEMBE- Well. my Wid-
tion, the last two paragraphs oi ers, it is up to you, the listeners
last week’s article were com. to decide the final worth ofany
pletely deleted. [sincerely hOpe performer who asks you to pay
that this kind of error is never to listen.
repeated in the ASP. it would i Will only Ell/e YOU one small
be a slap in the face of the high warning. Painful looks andgrunts
degree of professionalism that have never been the mark oftrue
has been exhibited by this paper artistry and never will. it can
to date. onlyhslgovtv thattone wishes to say

in order to com ensate for the mile - u can -
error and in ordgr to complete Mm"! Jazz Festivit'i'lims
the critique that I began last At the end of last year s iazz
week, i am going to repeat those “SW31: We? “10 91mm“.

h that were edited out 5W9“ lids: and 50 0n. i and ml"
5:173:32:ka column. two c'o-chairmen were asked to

li‘uults And Attributes submit a report on the festival.
1 had just finished explaining We were to Silbmu a 03PM!“
the faults and attributes of two description 0! what happened.
members of the AndySeigal Trio. “Vth when. where. stem 1 made
To continue, Andy Seigal himself one statement to the chairman
must take the brunt of my critic- of the board then. and I repeated
ism because he had the ques- mlﬂcggzmenl every lime I had
tionable distinction of being the 9 -
leader of the group. As such, The Co'chm‘men 0’ the Sprint
he showed none of me char. Jazz Festival neededtobeaelect-
acteristics that make for a good 9“ lmmedlmly uterine PNVlOuﬂ
loader. But, in jazz, these so- one 0“ El "19 Vel‘l’ latest. in
called characteristics are more “Member 01 “'9 “met-“91‘ We-
of an exception than a rule. Un- Ci’dml- A5 0‘ all“ WWW: the
fortunately, many or mesa leader. co-chairmen have not been select-
sliip qualities are vital to the all. As a matter of fact: "'9
musical success of the group as “Wllcmons MW not been made
awhole. Seigal failed. amiable to the student body.
a er his
fiillusreﬂ gum?“ mhgrlovmi'irked Most of the students who act
considering that he has the II chairmen for the various
potential to be at is”; my, campus events realise that time
Andy has been blessed with a is always ofthe essence when it
very good musical ear. 00in“ to planning the respectivs
He has very quick hands and prosrlmm This particular prob-
this quality is essential to a lem holds true for the Jan
good guitarist. Unfortunately, Festival more so than any other
these same hands have no on "Out on campus. We are not
ordination when it comes to his cagyinwd 0,, page ,0

two season ago. . ., v

To close this delightful show, each artist per-
formed a number by one of our pm song writers.

THEN CAME BARBRAiillli .

her special, although very different from
any of her previous shows, was absolutely inmala
nus. it was an hour ofgocd, oidfashionadvaud’as'
ville entertainment at its best. The credits were
given in an old fashiiaiad pstusd film sequence
showing Barbra in an assortment of poses — very
well done. Jason Robar'ds opened the show with
"You're the Apple of my Eye,” a song and thrice
routine with a typical, local, ladies chorus line,
followed by Barbra doing a sedate strip to "Alice
Blue Gown.”

John Bubbles, as Mr. Chanticleer, tapped and
sang "I’m Going South," and Lee Allan joined in
with Robard, Streisand, and little twelve year old
Susan Alpern to sing a terribly clever rendition d
"We’re Four Americans.”

Impersonation

Barbra then impersonated a German concert
soprano (a definite take-offooMme. Schumanheink).
This was a really hilarious act, andextramelywell
done. She assumed the qualities of a dramatic
soprano, and although she was not quite music
perfect, as was intended, the act was truly very
very funny. She joined herself in a dust at the end
of this sequence.

Following intermission, the "Belle of 14th
Street" concluded the show with a rather lengthy
but positively marvelous and clever medlyofsongu
including "Some of these Days," "Come to me my
Melancholy Baby," “Put your Arms around me
Honey," and more. The photography was excellent.

The entire show was set up in a typical theater
of the vaudeville era, and was filmed as if it were
live with shots from and at the audience, into the
wings, etc. The audience itself was comprised of
people dressed in clothes of theiiGay Nineties."
An indignant mother even lead her son out of the
theater during the strip.

1 look forward to Barbra's next show. Whatit will
be like is a good question — shehas three marvel-
ous shows to equal.

MIRRORS BEFLECT the vaulted expanse of the
podium where above and below blend into the oneness of
a similar architectural structure.

the clavar show "Half a some: as ‘ restate .

 

 

Arts Events

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Oct. 21, Sat. — University Reader's Theatre Program
on Elmer Gantry, 8:00 p.m., Campus Center.

Now running - Nov. 16 — Governor Nelson A. Rocke-
feller exhibit, Fine Arts Building Gallery, Mon. -
Sat. 12 - 6 p.m., Sun. 3 - 5 pm. ‘

Now running — Nov. 5 — Display of painting and draw-
?gs by Elihu Vedder, Albany institute of History and

rt.

Now running -- Oct. 24 -— Richard Graham, sculptor,
one-man show, Albany institute.

Now running — Photo Exhibit by Klaus Schnitzer.’
Balcony Lounge. Campus Center. '

Now running - Rudy Wedlow Exhibit, Albany institute.

Tickets now on sale, 'The Private Life of the Master
Race,’ Nov. 1 - 4. 8:30 p.m., $1.50 or student tax.

Tickets now on sale, "l‘he Seekers' and 'The Byrds' in
[concert, San, Oct. 28. 56.00 per couple With Student

More, nu-Ai-vr-go mm“... A“,    .. .

 

