 
 
 

  
 
   

  

  
    
 
  
   
   
    
  
    
   
 

 

 

'ng‘i'the creme

aey' suffered his werst season. this past year,.yet such

negatives as worst should not be taken" seriously':when
one considers that the team finished within 7-2 record .

 

’  
 fires, - . anesgi‘nish 7-2 ‘_“ -
h in the final meet  the season, the yAlhii'ily 3:; Great Danes dropped a close match

I ' to .LeMoyne by a score of 25-30. The loss to LeMoyne On their 5.15 mile course was

the first time that an Albany team has been defeated by LeMoyne. Joe Keating, running
his last race for the school was the first man to cross the line as he finished the race
in_ 29:32. The next three finishers were from LeMoyne as they crossed within a,space U
of 13 seconds. . .

Mike Attwell, who has" been the top runner all year was leading at the three-mile
point when he suffered a severe muscle pull in the back and consequently finished

"only 12th as he ran the final two miles under extreme pain. If Mike had not suffered

the injury and had continued in first place it would have been enough for an Albany

in regular meets, with both those losses .coming' by

' close, scores.

The opening meet of the season accounted for one of
these losses when the Great Dane barriers fell by a nar-

row 7 point difference; With

this meet. run later in the

season, it would be quite conceivable that the scores of
this meet could have been reversed. While Coast Guagi.

was in prime shape for the
for the Munseymen to have

meet, it was still too early _
reached the condition they

possessed later in the season. A week later the har-
riers showed they were ready when they_ gave Coach
Munsey the University's first shut-out‘victory, a land-

slide wintover Plattsburgh.

Three more, of these shut-

outs were ;presented to the coach this season.
Furthermore, in this worst season, the varsity har-

riers brought home victorie

s over Siena and RF! in a

triangular and an outstanding second place finish in the

LeMoyne invitational and a
tional. One more dishearten
team ever will lose only f

third in the Albany Invita-
ing fact is that. this worst
ive runners, having stars

Mike Attwell, Paul Bresin, George Rolling, Don Beev-

era,

Jim Keating and Paul Roy returning to form

the nucleus of the team. in fact, 12 of the 17 men list-
ed on the roster will be returning next fall. With the
addition of several promoted freshmen that performed
on an out-standing frosh squad, this past year, Coach
Munsey will have much help in keeping the Univer-

' sity a cross-country dynasty.

Perhaps Coach Munsey i

s the key to the success

of the sport at the University. He is a rigorous recruit-

er who has a good eye for
runners into good condition

talent. He always gets his
through vigorous training,

yet he’s the one who can be‘seen leading the pack of

runners. He has the envied a
morale high“ and always ps

bility of keeping'his team’s
yched.

victory .

Paul Roy was the second finisher_for Albany as he followed the first three LeMoyne

m'en across the line. Fol-
lowing Roy were Bob Mul-
vey, -Paul Breslin and Bob
Holmes.

Doc Blessed With Player's!

by Don Oppedi sono

With the return of six varsity
Iettermen to the hardcourt this
year, coach Dick Sauers has a
fine array of talent to comple-
ment his seven new faces. The
nucleus of the hoopsters will be
buut around the trio of Scott
Price, Rich Margsion, and Larry
Marcus, while Jack Adams, Bob
Wood, Vern Lannier, Jim Caver-
ly, and Dave Riegsl will fill in
the spots vacated by the gradua-
tion of Mike Bloom, Jim Con-
stantino, Lonnie Morrison, and
Marty O'Donnell.

Frice Returns

Leading the returnees and
starting at center will be Price,
a junior whowas voted lastyear's
MVP. A 6'2", 210 pounder from
Clifton Springs, he averaged 15.9
ppg in addition to pulling down a

  

We

IF VARSITY BASK ETBA

 

team leading 2‘61 rebounds. lie
has a tendency of fouling too
much.

Margison will form the other
half of the whamic duo along
with- Price. A smooth and grace-
ful junior from Cortland, Rich,
8’2"'and i65 lbs. led the team
in scoring last year as a sopho-
more with l'M .ppg. Rich will
start at a forward position.

Captain Marcus Recovered l

Fully recovered from abroken
wrist which he suffered in the
Capital District Tournament last
December, captain Marcus, a
6'2", 200 lb. senior from Kings-
ton will give much needed
strength up front. Playing in only
seven games last season, Larry
averaged 9.6 ppg while shooting
81 per cent from the foul line.

Christmas Hero Doody

Tom Doody, 5'10", 166 lbs.

I '
in ~

LL cams LARRY me... u praying r... mum...

their final meet. In both cases,
the loss might be contributed to
the fact that one or more of the
runners was unable to perform
at top efficiency. in the first

 

 

 

 

Boaters End 3-7;
Swarfout Nets 7;

 

Mulvey' Who With Keat‘ race a number of the barriers nio '08 t)
1'18 was running in his ﬂ‘ were, still not in top physical 6  rs t ,
"31 “08 Placed Seventh in the condition and in the final one it The “mysute soccer squad
‘meet and Breslln and Holmes is safe to assume that Albany. ﬂm’hed ",9 “no” wuha some.
“NShEd Eighth and ninth, re- would. have won if Attwell had wh“ disappointing 3.7 record,
spectively. . ' not suffered his injury. The are“ mugs Opened with 1
Find Ruod Between the NO 108585. h0W‘ close 2-1 win over Brooklyn Col-
: ever, the sqad performed ex- legs, any Swag-tout and Gen.
AS a "35"" 0‘ this “me- me csptionally well as they record- ch", thgehnnmer did the 500,-.
harriers finished the seasonwith ed {our shutout “cranes. A]. mg and the (Manse he‘d succesy
a seven wins and two losses rec- though these Victories were 10],. {um
°’d- 1" addmm‘n they “35'9" sided in score, the competition This was ghe pane", matcoach
ed. a second place finish in the among the team members was Ouch} was Making for. however
L9M°yne Inﬂation“ and a third Strong 85 the 0rd“ 0‘ "his" it was not to continue. TheDanes
91““ "ms" 1“ "‘9 Albany I“‘ was different in each with Att- next encounter was 3 41539901.“.
“mum.” "m °“ H°m°°°mng well and Roy leading the waY- ing 3-1 losstoOneontawhichwas
wgikeng' 1 Di ‘ p" Next Your followed by a 6-0 loss toapower- ')
e rea nes, ,n com - in] Bridgeport eleven.
ing a winning. record were led th Agglh°{hghsl:::98;lal§tzzpsggg Guy Swarm“ the“ le d the way
primarily by the 0“ ' “’0 WM" 3‘ he "d ﬁnale“ of re_ as the hooters outscored Adolph!
°‘ Mike “We” and 133‘” R°yv w ave 3‘ so d Wm be by a 3-2 count. However, losses
with strong performances by sen- turning letterme“ 3“ t to Potsdam.PlansburundRJ'L
“’5 B°b “MW” and J°° Keal' homered by 9' "eShmen Sim followed in rapid succession.
ing, juniors Paul Breslln and Which finltshfd the feaszgdwoma An easy 3-0 Mn over UH“
Don Beavers and sophomores record ° °‘“' w “5 3’ “shunted homecoming’ but
Bob Holmes contributing to the One 1055- losses to New palm and stony
“"59' Brook left the final record at 3.7.
Two Close Losses Six seniors will be moving out
of the picture next year and all
The only two losses which the Kansas K or n six were important contributors.
team suffered were both by close Co-captains Tim ’Jursak and
scores as, they were defeated in ' Jerry Leggieri were both main-
their first encounter by the Coast stays of the defense, while line-
Guard Academy and were beaten ‘ 1. Jesse Owens won four Olym. men Gary Swartout and Getachew ‘
by the harriers of LeMoyne in 91c Gold Medals for the United Habteh-Yimer accounted for all
States in various track events in bill: one 01’ the Squﬁd’s 80315-
the 1936 games. who was the Swartout got seven and Habteh-
last American to achieve the Ylmer two. Tony Glaser and Joe
feat of {our ojymplc gold med. LaReau also madelmportantcon-
315. this mm in another new tributions as both switched be-
of events? tween halfback and fullback, and
is expected to see a lot of action 2_ Which bane,- djd not hit at both played a steady and reliable
at a guard post. A native ofTroy, least 20 home runs for the rec. game at either of the two posi-
Doodv has great desire and 31- ord setting 1961 Yankees? lions-
ways picks up the team when the A_ Tony Kuheck
chips are down. Tom can be best 3. Johnny Blanchard B
remembered as scoring the win- c_ You Be," 
ning basket against Siena in the D_ Elston Howard
Capital City Tourney two years )3. Rogel- Mlus  ')
8(0- 1“. Bill Skowron ‘

TJ Returns
A stalwart performer and
tough competitor is Tim Jursak.
A 6'1”, 190 pound senior from
Utica, Jursak was the team’s top

reserve last year. He averaged c. Tommy Anon _
55.5 per cent of his field goal Frank, Jlm
attempts in limited action last 3-8 4829536

season.
Jack Duffy, 6'3", 200 lbs.,

will bolster the forces under the
hoop. A junior who attended Fort
Edward High, Duffy possesses
a fine jump shot despite being a
big man.

   

“A: > r Ila

can, he will get much support tram (l. to I.) troopers Adams, Lonnier, Caverly, Movglson,
Jonah, Price, illegal, Dotty, Wood, Doody, Smigiel, Arseneau.

 

 

G. Mickey Mantle

3. Which never won a tourney
on the P.G.A. tour?

A. Bert Yancey

B. Miller Barber

Japuunouos uou '1

We lecture
Collegiate haircuts

1148 Western Avenue

 

Acres 5 item Campus

 

 

 

R.|(.O. Cleaners

COR. WASHING TON A VE. AND ONTARIO 5r. ,
7 AM-6 m '
DIAL HE 4-6212

 

 

MR. HOT DOG

Now Delivers To Both Campuses

(Min. Order $2.00)

HOT DOGS Will. The Worlu 20¢
HAIIUIGIIS - illlli ClilCllil - MS“ I"

1 CALL now 434-3293
Operated by ANDY'S PIZZA

 

 

e

    
   
    
    
 
 
  
  
   
   

  
 
  
  
   
 
 

, .W_¢_-_~o»wr.mk—m¢a.;

AL BA,NEW YR
Deaths of Youths

Caused by Vapors 

of Glass Chillers

Reports which indicate that
aerosol glass-chillers have been
implicated in the death of seven
persons in the sixteen to twenty-
one year age group in the last
year are of deep concern to the
aerosol industry.

A report issued to college stu-
dents irom Chemical Specialities
Manufacturers Association ex-
plained the danger of ﬂuoro-
carbon in these products report-
edly collected in a balloon and
then the inhalation of the con-
centrated Vapors. The user appa-
rently expected an intoxication or
similar experience.

Since fluorocarbons are re-
garded as relatively non-toxic and
safe for use inaerosols, students
may believe that confining the
concentrated vapor in a ballom
to inhale, while excluding oxygen,
is also harmless.

This is not the case; it may
have fatal consequences. The
tragedy of a death is sufficient
for the aerosol industry to high-
light the problem.

NEWSWEEK and TIME MAGA-
ZINE reportsd the death of 11-
year-old Lucie White. Lucie and
her brother, Chip, inhaled the
glass-chiller in their home. Lucie
inhaled the gas from a balloon
and fell over backward choking.

Medical reports on the case of
Luci'e's death and the death of
18-year-old Mike McCuan, have
shown that inhalation of the gas
while the gas is still cold may
freeze the larynx and paralize
the reapiratory system and death
by asphyxiation. Doctors have
also warned of the possibility
of brain-cell damage from pro-
longed inhalation.

As a result some department
stores will no longer sell glass-
chillers to minors, and Du Pont,
one of the manufacturers of
Freon, issued a statement warn-
ing of the dangers and urging the
education of y0uth to these
dangers.

Rice To Resign;
Plans To Teach

Richardson L. Rice, dean of
the School of Social Welfare at
the University made known his
resignation to become effective
in September 1968. He plans to
continue on the University faculty
as a professor and, additionally,
will participate in a variety of
University and international
social welfare activities.

in announcing his resignation
Rice said, "We have come along
way together since the fall of
1965 when we opened our school.
and we are pleased with our de-
velopment so far. it seems wise
now to relinquish my responsi-
bilities and to involve myself
more fully in teaching and in-
vestigatioh.”

Rice was appointed to his
current post in June, 1964, when
he began recruiting faculty and
developing programs leading to
the establishmentof the school
the following year.

Arrangements to find a suc-
cessor are under way. Rice said
that he was hopeful that a new
dean would be at the school by the
beginning of the next academic
year.

Rice’s tentative plans for the
future includes those involving
international social policy de-
velopment, consultations with the
United Nations and the recruit-
ment and selection of internation-
al students for the School of
Social Welfare.

 
      
   
   
   
 
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
 
    
   
   
   
    
    
  
 
  
     
   
   
    
  
   

  

PRESIDENT COLLINS WEARING his insignia of Officer of

the Academic Palms which was presented to him by the French
government in o ceremony held here Nov. 16.

FrenchAcademicPalms

Presented To Collins

by Echo Gundersen

President Evan R. Collins re-
ceived the insignia of Officer of
the Academic Palms onthe after-
noon of November 16, in the
Campus Center. '

The French government afford-
ed President Collins this honor
for his contribution, as an
academian, to the development of
further understanding between
the United States and France.
This award is given by the French
government to academic persons
for academic performance.

Professor Fernand Vial, of
the French department at the Uni-
versity, recommended President
Collins for the award because of
his special interest fnthe French
studies here, his appointment of
many outstanding French pro
fessors to the department, his
naming of professors Bacquet and
Asselineau of the University at
Sorbonne to our English depart-
ment as visiting lecturers, and
his establishment of a center of
study at the University of Nice
for French students.

The second class award of
Officer; which consists of a

Forum to Present
‘Russ. Revolution’

Forum of Politics will spon-
sor Leonard Schapiro speaking
on "The Russian Revolution:
Promises and Reality," Dec.
7 at 8 p.m. in the Campus Cen-
ter Ballroom. The speech will
be followed by a question and
answer period.

Prof. Schapiro is recognized
as one of the world's leading au-
thorities on Communism in So-
viet Russia. He is the author of
several works of which the “Com-
munist Party of the Soviet Un-
ion" is the best known; this book
has been printed by Random
House as a paperback. Schapiro
is also the editor of the mags-
zine, “Government and Opposi-
tion" and the "Journal of Con-
temporary Histor .”

Prof. Schapiro is the
professor of Political Science
at the London School of Econom-
ics, University of London.

Admission will be free with
the presentation of a student
tax card; others should be pre-
pared to pay admission.

purple medal with a rosette, was
given to President Collins. The
first class award is that of Knight
and the third class award is
Commander.

The ceremony at which the
award was presented was held in
the Campus Center Assembly
Room and presided over by Dean
0. William Psrlmutter of the
College of Arts and Sciences.
The Honorable Edouard Morot-
Sir, cultural counsellor to the
French Embassy and permanent
representative to the French Uni-
versities, conferred the honor
on President Collins.

More than 100 people repre-
senting the Department of
Romance Languages, graduate stu-
dents in this department, other
colleges, and the Association of
French Teachers in the United
States attended the reception.

 

aurrv sum 5 MARIE

 
 
  
   
  
 

President Discusses

   

VOL LIV. N0. 9

Suspension Of Fresh

The incident resulting in the

' suspension of five freshmen stu-

dents was discussed at the Presi-
dent's Weekly Conference with
Students Monday. 0f the five stu-
dents four have appealed their
cases to a higher University
tribunal.

As a result these students are
still attending the University
pending the decision of their
cases. The students were charg-
ed with “ indecent behavior" after
an alleged incident of varying de-
grees of sexual activity with a
co-ed in a dormitory.

The body that handed down the
decision to suspend the students
was the LAAC Judiciary Com-
mittee. This appointed group liq)-
od that their conclusion would be
more educational than punitive
to the students involved.

The University Committee on
Student Conduct will review the
cases of the students who have
appealed their cases. The com-
mittee, composed of three mem-
bers of Student Association and
four faculty members is abranch
of the Student Activities Com-
mittee.

Student Activities Committee
standing committee of Fac-
ulty Senate. The decisions reach-
ed by thejudicary groups are only
recommendations to President
Evan R. Collins. The President
is ultimately responsible for the
final decision.

in response to a question, Pre
sident Collins stated that most
likely ten or fifteen years ago a
case 'such as this would have not
been aired and the students would
have been dismissed or suspend-
ed with no questions asked.

If it is decided to suspend
these students for a year, they
will have to reapply for admis-
sion to the University College.
in most cases students are assur-
ed that they will be readmitted.
According to Clifton C. Thorns,
vice president for student affairs,
students in this condition may not
be readmitted if their academic
standing would have caused their
dismissal anyway.

5‘
n

   

President Collins said the Uni-
versity would not take legal action
against the students. it was not-
ed, however, that some of the
students’ parents may take the
case into the civil courts.

in view of the violation of the
rules set forth by student guide-
lines, the group at the weekly
conference discussed possible
changes in the regulations.

it was suggested that guidelines
be more specific in defining "in-
decent behavlor.” This sugges-
tion was countered by the point
that there is a need for abroad
rule that will be able to meet the
unpredictable problems that may
arise.
Those attending the Presi-
dent's conference also speculated
whether the rules for epen houses
in the various dorms might be
changed. The conference is held
every Monday at 2:15. All mem-
bers of the student both! may
attend this informal gathering.

Students Protest
Against Draft:

In Albany Mon.

by Bob Kalish

Students from area schools
and colleges will demonstrate
on Monday, Dec. 4 at the induc-
tion Center in downtown Albany
at the Old Post Office Building
on Broadway. Students and fac-
ulty who wish to sympathize with
the demonstrators of the war
and the draft will begin to as-
semble at the induction Center
at 6:30 am.

Students from Bard College
will return their draft cards.
Others will support them byplck-
sting and participating in Civil
Disobedience.

Most Americans have discuss-
ed the War; nearly a million have
demonstrated their conviction
that the war has achieved nothing
but slaughter. To show their
contempt for Administration pol-
icy, soma have gone so far as
to risk jail.

Last October 16, according
to "The Resistance" over 1,200
young men in 30 cities return-
ed their draft cards to the fed-
eral government.

The Resistance also stated in
another publication, "We have
seen 102,000 American casual-
ties in a senseless war. We have
seen a land destroyed and a
people made homeless."

“We hold that the President
has not justified the actions talc.
en. Therefore, we will no longer
cooperate with the Selective Serv-
ice system. We will accept no
deferments, carry no draft cards,
and refuse to be inducted."

"The Resistance" ispubllshed
by an ad hoc committee of the
same name formed to organize
these demonstrations throughout
the country. The committee has
2; headquarters in New York

1!.

Deferments could be called a
tactic of the selective service
system. As General Hershey
said: "The psychology of granting
wide choice under pressure to
hire action is the American or
indirect way of aohlevitw what
is done by direction in foreign
countries where choice is not
permitted." .-

Some of the slogans of the
draft resistance are, "End the
Draft and Free All Draitees,"
“Fight for Your Own Human-
ity,” and “Not With My Life
You Don't."

