   
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

pig/Z [3‘50

 

Regardless of hoW'you see" it sir, Mr. Stone envisions...

COMMUNICATIONS

r

A Response

To the editors:

My letter is in response to three
things in Tuesday's ASP about the
upcoming referendum on the Viet-
nam question. The thing that dis-
turbed me the most was the hideous
political type advertisement that
seemed to push the question onto
the same level as the election oi
the junior class president. What the
committee to end the war forgets is
that the question involves the lives
of gallant United States soldiers
who didn't have a chance toV"Vote
Row C." In fact a vote on that row
C wiilbeaslaplnthefaceto
everyone of them, in lac? to every
soldier who ever fought so that we
may even have the privilege ofat-
tending this university.

  
 
 

we'll think about it. Even though,we
feel a discussion, instead ofaformal
debate would be much more benefi-
cial

ing in New York- Have Funl (but
if you'd like to see where the HCUA
says your march ls communist con-
trolled, let me know, because lhave
a copy of the information.)

In conclusion, all I ask is that

ou vote your consciences in the

referendum. lam confident the vast

majority of you-will either support

your country or, call foi‘tanhzcrease
an comm men .

m “a poucy Bert Devorsetz

Chairman of Committee

to Win the War

Stomach Aches

secondly, I wish to comment on To the Editor:

the referendum itself on which 1

Three (Bronx) cheers for the

wish to applaud Central Council for newly-opened Cafeteria in the Cam-
their excellent wording. The queg- pus Centeri It is hard to conceive
“on 01 wnﬂgct very definitely is of another establishment that could
on military commitment; either you Possibly match this particular gar-
support it presently, you want it bage emporium in such an utter ab-
increased, or you want itdecreased. sence of redeeming features. Per-
lu thg editorial 1 only noticed ques- sanally, I cannot decide which of its

tions why different degrees of de- many

cleverly designed inade-

creasing weren't mentioned, Mayx quacies endear themselves to me
also point out to Mr. Schwartz that more.

there are also different degrees of

increasing.

Thirdiy, in response to Mr.
Lynne's letter, the question on the
floor of the debate was abdut,"pre-
sent U. S. policy." if they want to
debate some other topic sometime,

The sound-reflecting tile floors,
the unrelieved blank white walls,
the zoo-like barred windows, the
ubiquitous ﬂying saucers, and the
noisome squaller and indecent
crowding all vie for my unreserved
disgust. One hour in its fetid atmos-

Fourth Time Around

by Igor Kcrolult

With deadlines approaching, I
realized that I had nothing planned
for today's ASP. This appears to
be a good time to look at current
trends in the folk scene.

As I see it, there are two big
movements in folk at the present
time, and both will be exhibited at
the University this weekend. The
first is the folk musicians who are
entering the more popular areas of
commercial music. These are the
musicians who found that just a
guitar and a voice wasn't getting
anyone anywhere, exoept for the
chosen few who had it made when
folk first had its big scene.

The Lovin' Spoonful is such a
group. With a brilliant folk writer
and musician in John Sebastian they
have hit the commercial scene big
without losing their folk-orientation
completely. They can play anything
from their original pop classic “Do
' in Magic," to "Jug-

ln "Butchio's Tune" they have a
beautlmi folk ballad, and they still
can play low-«lawn "Night Owl
Blues." The Spoonful probably more
than any other group have led the
way for folk-oriented pop.

The west coast rock groups such
as “The Buffalo Springfield" and
the "Jefferson Airplane" are some
of the ID and coming groups with
this folk background.

All are composed of folk singers
and writers who have decided to
use rock as their vehicle of ex-
pression. The Airplane will pro-
bably soon be the hottest group in
this country with the rise of their
new album "surrealistic Pillow"
and their single "Somebody to
Love." They are not alone in this
trend, and we can expect Hollywood
to take the place of England in dom-
inating "rock." , ,

The other trend was originated a
long while ago with such artists as
Bo Diddley, Chuck Buny, and Fight-
ing John Hopkins. This is the revival
of blues by means of electronics.
Now days we've got Tom Rash,
John Hammond, Paul Butterfield,
and The Blues Project continuing
in the same vein.

The Blues Project like the Snow-
fat are experimenters and have de-
veloped from their original elec-
troniiied blues origin. Their repe~
toire is now peppered with jazz
oriented sounds such as "Flute
Thing" and ballads like “Steve's
song,”

l'd like to thank the sophomore
Class and the Contemporary Music
Council for the tremendous enter-
tainment they are bringing and for
the chance to see where olk mu-
sice is going. Here's hoping they
have set a precedent for a series
of concerts of this calibre for a
long time to come.

1! ,2,” ,I'HW “  

Litatly, to all those people picket-i

Voters Needed]

   

 
  

whole campus.

I outlook on this campus.

phere leaves me faint: not because
of the "food," but rather. because
of the dire overcrowding and painful
noise level.

In my search for an adequate
metaphor to describe this horor,
a line from “The Charge of-the
Light Brigade", came to mind:

"...into the Valley of Death rode

There is a referendum going on right now. If you
' don’t know about what, find but and vote immediately.
The referendum is to discover the attitude of the stu-
dents on this campus toward the Vietnam War. The
Committee to End the War in Vietnam has been the
most active group on campus 'during the last few
weeks. They have made their position loud and clear.

The members and sympathizers of this group are
the ones who will be most interested in voting. What
will probably happen is that only these people and few
others will vote. When the results are tabulated the
majority of the votes may represent this minority
point of view, but it will be labelled the opinion of the

After the referendum there will be small groups
talking and saying that they don’t think this way and
neither do their friends. They’ll want to know why
their opinion wasn’t included. It can be included.

Voting is taking place in the Student Association
Office, room 364 of the Campus Center until 5 p.m.
and on the dinner lines. tonight. No one has anything
to lose by voting. Unless everyone votes this refer-
endum is going to give a distorted picture of the war

No matter what anyone’s opinion, it should be
counted. We, of course, like many other people. have
complaints about the referendum, but still it does
exist and will be used to gauge our attitude so it is
up to us tp vote and try to give as good a represen-
tation of the way we feel about the war as possible.

 

the six hundred..." However, the
analogy fails in one important re-
spect: the Light Brigade had six
hundred members, whereas, on this
campus oi over 6000 students and
faculty, the one cafeteria now open
holds a pitiful 400, if that.

Yours in pain,

William M. Lane, ’68

by Martin Schwartz

"If the blind lead the blind,
both shall fall into the ditch."
--Matthew XV 14

Jazz Review

by Lou Strong

By the time you read this col-
umn, the publicity for the Jazz
Festival will be in full.swing. I
can't begin to tell you all how im-
portant it is for you to try and come
to the Festival, if not the whole
thing, then at least part of it. The
artists that will be appearing in it

DWYER BLlND?:The erstwhile
Rensselaer District Attorney M.
Andrew Dwyer once again threw
himself upon the mercy of anyone
with intelligence by declaring that
he would "rather see a typhoid car-
rier come to town" than Dr. Timothy
Leary. Those of us who attended the
forum heard much about the dangers
of LSD from BOTH Leary and Dr.
Louria.

Dwyer still has not admitted that
by silencing Leary he would have
added to the charisma and mysti-
cism surrounding the man rather

are all top caliber people repre-
senting the three main schools of
jazz: blues, main stream and the
New Thing.

in looking at the Festival pro-
gram, ! can't help but feel that
each concert will have something
for each and every student at State.
Between Muddy Waters' Sextet and
the Saturday memo” Jazz Hal" to the Cornell Conference on Viet
penlngr you Wm 3” '99] both at 'A'Lm had simply voted rather than
h°m° WM“ "'9 emermmmem and started all of this nonsense which
will be taught something about that has led to the wortlless referendum
WW“ 5’0“ 40’” understand- F0? that a couple of us are voting on

than the opposite.

F‘SA MATH: Merchandising Serv-
ice is proud to announce today that
they now have tandem (built fortwo)
bicycles. In other words, we can
now get 1 1/2 times thebike for only
twice the price.

NONSENSE: Wouldn't it have been
much easier if the representatives

example, look at the Happenings.

in the past two years, every so-
called in-person has done nothing
but praise the experience one gets
out of a Happening. But, just try
and have one of those in-people
give you a concrete definition Ufa
Happening. it can‘t be done. A' Hap-
pening is an experience. To some,
it is the some things that we do and
see done veryday, but done in a new
light, with new meaning. To others,
it is a reawakening of the spirit.
One is revived by the true aesthetic

‘ experience of the happening. To even

more, it is the expression of love
and peace by the same tried and
true methods. The point here lsthut
these old methods have been rejuve-
nated. They have lost the feeling of
boredom that comes from repeated
use. A Happening can be all this and
much more. As a matter of fact,
there are so many different mean-
ings attached to “The Happening"
that sooner or later, someone will
have to write book about it.

The most important point behind
a Happening is that it is completely
spontaneous. The movements, mu-
sic and/or painting involved with a
Happening are supposed to imply
the spontaneity and reality of life,
or so i've been told. This is what
makes a Happening happen.

Speaking of having things happen,
the rest of the festival is Just liable
to be one gigantic Happening in itself.
So, try not to miss one part of it.

See you at the Festival.

today?

MELODRAMA: This week's chap-
ter is entitled "Can A University
Administration Discuss An Hours
Proposal for 2 1/2 Years Without
Ever Bringing Up the Morallasuo?"
An alternative might be “How Long
Can A Proposal That Was Promised
To Go into Effect immediately Be
Hold Up?

BABY JANE: Long, long A o --
we used to havoaSolicitations 0m-

mittee who did an excellent job of
keeping students from being annoyed
by every clown with afavorite char-
ity. Many of us have no objection to
these charities but do object strongly
to being constantly annoyed and
accosted by self-appointedpressure
salesmen.

Would Phi Delt like to make the
first contribution to our favorite
charity?

CAR 54, WHERE ARE YOU?: It
is interesting how efficient Fritz
and our other local constabularies
of justice have become at enforc-
ing most of the traffice regulations,
including a constant harassment of
students rushing to return their
dates on time very early in the
morning.

Yet. in these same early hours,
they never seem to be "where the
action is." Some of this action in-
cludes very loud and grass Tarzan
lmitiations, and more important, our
friendly townles who last weekend
damaged many of the cars in the
Resident's Parking Lot.

RUMORS: We have come across
a few more rumors that we thought
you might be interested in:

The people running State Fair
still don‘t know what events are
theirs or not. Sorry Lou.

lFO's are not really identified
Flying Objects.

John Lindsay runs FSA.

King Kong died for our sins.

The bicycle shop is a plotto make
us all turn Socialist.

7 OF THE WEEK: Why is it that
with all of the security police that
we have running around only Fritz
gives out parking tickets? What are
the rest of them doing? Certainly
not preventing trouble.

 

  

Avenue. ls open lrom

Llndo Bordon, Arts Editor

Don Oppedlsano, Sports Editor
Glen 511g", Anon. Sports Editor
Joseph llvermon, Esocullve Editor

rollecl its views.

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY I916
IV TN! CLAS! 0F "10

The Albany Student Press is l- ltl

Student Association at the Staie'ﬁxlvzlzll y ".wwap" MIMI-h“, by m.
ASP olllco. located In Room 364 of the
7—” .m. Sund th Tl

reached by dialing 457—2190974574”? w "‘"d" "W" °' "'“Y b"

MARGARET DUNl.AP and SARA KITTSLEV
Co:Edilou-ln-Chiot

All communications must be addressee m the editor and must be signed.
Communications should be limited to 300 words and are rubjrcl to editing.
The Albany Student Plus assumes no responsibility for o lnlons euprould
in its columns and communications as such expressions 9 not necessarily

4M...»  h... ,

at New York at Albany. The
ompus Center of l223 Western

Bruce Katllmafl Advortlrin M n or
Stuart Lubert/Pllotographs Mgnzgor
ary Schutte, Business Manager

Linda VonPollln, Technical Supervisor

 

 
    
   
 

    
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
  
 
  

 
 
  

5 Artist‘Uses Subtle Color

[Under The Counter Intelligence  ‘

3i

y'frld‘oyy'dprll It, 1967.

  
  
 

THE WORD, THE NEW campus literary megesine telrea in
place among, other campus publications as a forum of student
thopght and opinion.

To Create Mood Intensity

by Rina Sussmau

' By the use of subtle color, the artist Thom O’Con-
nor makes his works read as mood intensities rather
than as specific objects or personalities. Because he
is interested in conveying atmosphere. his pieces
tend to become surrealistic and abstract in compo-
sition“ experience.

In the present eXhibitr The compositional divisionlng of
located in the gallery ofthe canvas without the useofframes
the second ﬂoor of the gr superimposed prints is perhaps

is most successful attempt at cre-
Campus Center- the artiSt ating this undulating, ambiguous,

 

, 'litssnvusruuosnr stress

 

Kudos Go To" Editor For Teslt
0' BOllllllillg liters

by Darlene Dewllng

Po. ‘7

ry Magazine ‘7

On a campus the size of ours. one of the notable failures of student enthusiasm
has always been considered the absence of more quality publications, literary,
topical, or whatever. It is paradoxical that in the days before the new campus,
with its increased facilities and growing (?) student spirit, such publications
abounded: suppression. Thursday. Skandalon, Primer -— some of which, to be sure,
still exist, either in their original form or an amalgamated one. Still, .a gap exists-

felt perhaps only by a cer—
tain segment of the student
body: nonetheless, when an
attempt is made to fill that
gap, said segment receives
it with no small degree of
anticipation.

So, when the newest journalistic
essay made its appearance on April
5, the result had tobe bothjubilatlon
edited by Rhoda Goldberg, is a six-
teen-page conglomeration of topical
reviews, poetry and artwork, some
of it excellent, some of it disap-
pointing.

One of the better offerings in the
sixteen-page work is a short story
entitled simply "Story" by its auth-
or, Kenneth R. Jay. He deals with
the mental wanderings of a recently
unemployed office workers whose
life suddenly contains 50 little mean-
ing that he literally burns down the
barn to get at the mice.

Equally excellent were some of
the poetry offerings, notably peren-
nial Ken Rosenberg's “Out of the
Congo," which manages des-
pite the questionable semantic crea-
tion "Lindsaylian") to recreate
rather neatly exactly the urgency of
the original. In the two years since
his work has been appearing in
SUNYA publications, author Rosen-
berg has exhibited agrowing sophis-
tication and polish in his work.

'Another commendable work is
"Meeting on a Staircase," by grad
Lee Regan. The ‘ships in the night'
theme is neatly and proficiently
handled. 0n fact, in ,this it exem-
plifies the majority of the verse in
"The Word," for its poetry is by
far its strongest point.

Another example of this proficien-
cy is (some of) the offerings oil-lar-
ry E. Wirtz. "Poem" provides a
colloquial cry of the simple joie de
vivre which must surely be felt by
everyone at some time, and carries
an undeniable authenticity. Unfor-
tunately, he is somewhat incon-
sistent with his excellence.

The page facing the aforemen-
tioned work also bears a Wirtz ef-
fort: "Linguistic isolation in a Coun-
selling Session." it begins believ-
ably enough, but degenerates into
the meaningless jargon which is un-
fortunately so common in modern
poetic attempts.

Somewhat of an embarrassment
is "The Worship Poem" by Sara
Kittsiey - embarrassment because
it is difficult to conceive how an
author could publish something so
starkly, masochistically personal.
Probably the best single effort is
the one - the only one - which in
no way attempts to be pretentious:
“Poem,” by Bruce Velvia.

One of the better features of
"The Word" was its venture into
literary criticism. Richard Car-
roll's review of the late poetess
Sylvia Plath, while topical, some-
what misinterprets the work se-
lected, and in no way does justice
to the author.

Then there was “The Artist,” by
Dan Slimmerman. The less said,
the better. And that final cartoon.
Ditto.

0n the whole, however, “The
Word" looks like what it is: the
first number of a literary mega.
zine. Editor Goldberg deserves, if
nothing else, kudos for her cour-
age in beginning such a task; we
look with anticipation to the next
issue.

ﬁalax Pla erSiono
line It lireollt'

BRECHT ON BRECHT,
a revue of the work of
German playwright Bertolt
Brecht, will be the second
State University Theatre
guest production of the sea-
son. Under the direction of
Samuel B. Morrell, and
sponsored by Dramatlcs

Council of the State University of
New York at Albany, the Brecht

 

has used the human figure universal quality-

as his vehicle for com-
municating this essence or

feeling.

Search to Achieve

In his search to achieve his goal,
he may turn to landscapes will]
subtle colors of pinks, greens, and
greys, and perhaps also to colored
lithographs.

The image is really the feeling of
"essence." At the present, the fig—
ure is one solution of relaying his

O'Connor is concerned with dis-
covering a reality which is compat-
able with his conception of his en-
vironrnut. He is looking for his own
expression and is somewhat guided
by Turner's expression of reality
through the use of abstraction.

lhree Faculty Members
To Perform lueseday

Fahrenheit 451 Pro 'd
I .  Players in Page Hall, April 28 and
' ' ' 29, at 8:30 p.m. The program re-
      places the previously-announced
of Chekhov's UNCLE

production
, VANYA.
by LallY EP5'°"' Arranged and translated by
Against the raging winds of scientific progress George Tabori, enscu’r ON

BRECHT, was performed originally
in November, 1961, as part of a
matinee series of the Greater New
York Chapter of the American Na-
tional Theatre and Academy. So
successful was the program that,

stand :1 few artists patiently (because they compre-
hend their own futility) warning us that the Promised
Land is to be made upofpush-button meaninglessness.
Francois Truffaut’s latest motion picture, “Fahren-

collage will be staged by the Galaxy

message of the intangible. The enor-
mous creativity and perceptivlty of
this artist will hopefully nllowhlm
to approach his goal with new and
,yexciting statements in the future.

In Music [leptconcert

The Music Department
will present a Faculty Con-
cert on Tuesday, April 25
at 8:15 p.m. in Page Hall.

Featured will be Patricia
Grlgnet, oboe and Findlay
Cockrell, piano with Janet
Steele, soprano singer and
Lucy Cross on the lulu.

He has successfully cr'eatcd a
fluctuating space in his paintings
so. that he can place two figures on
a ground and although they are dif—
ferent sizes, the result will be a
harmonious relationship between the
forms.

Pictures Toke-o" Poll-its

bet 451," explores the possibility of in future civiliza-
tion headed towards astute by fire the leader of his 0mm.

of total non-communica—

The concentrated simplicity of the
theme made the whole idea of burn-

tion. it; is unnaturnland un- mg books (0_,,_ "Schopenhauer and
popular to have children, Sartre on Saturday") seem more
affection becomes personal plausible thnnono might think.Books

(people fondle and hug their

are done away with to preveuipeoplc
from seeing beyond tholrlmmediute

own bodies) and all written-senses.

words are banned.

in fact, to make sure that no one
reads any books, the fireflien in this
civilization don't put out fires; they

Naturally, the only state where
the world represented by this pic-
ture can occur is the state where
one man is allowed tojudge unother’s
tastes and values, where the censor

after some modifications, it opened
for a regular run at the Teatre do
Lys two months later with Lotte
Lenyn, Viveca Llndfors, Anne Jack-
son and Dam- Clark in the cast.

’l‘.‘ ..s for BRECHTON BRECHT
will go on sale Tuesday, April 17,
at the State University Theatre box
office. The box office is open week-
days from 11:15 to 3:30. Tickets
may be obtained by calllrlg457-8672
or by writing to the State Universitv
Theatre.

The Galaxy Players, a Schenec-

 

’l‘he pictures themselves are take-
off points for the imagination.
O'Connor wishes that you derive a
feeling of University froru his
works which then can be translated
individually, according to personal

.i

   

THOMAS O'CONNOR presents
an unusual View of painting.

. “Jude...” ..

 

chorul familiar forms are rope-
scutod on the program such new n
Handel "Sonata," u Schubert unru-
bcr ("Lieder") and two “Arias,”
one from Cuututu 1157, the other
from Cuntntu ’72 by Johann Sebas-
tlan lluch.

"’l‘on llluko Songs” ili'l‘iillgiiil by
Vaughan-Williams will ccrtuiuly
highlight llii) pcrformurmo. ’I‘ho He-
lecilonn uduptori from William
Bluko’h' “Songs of innooonco and of
Experience” will be sung by Mimi
Steele.

Some of the "Songs" to be per-
formed are "infant Joy," "Lon-
don," "The Lamb," "The Shop-
herd," "The Divine image," and
“Eternity.”

Another selection which must
prove interesting is "'l‘wo Songs"
by llogor Johnson, written this your.
Johnson is a member of tile faculty
at Lincoln University and wrote
"Mills the Cat" and “Full of the
Evening Star" specifically for Miss
Steele and Miss Original and this
will be the premiere performance
of these numbers.

Miss Griguoi holdutu graduate
degree in Music and is active in
several chamber music groups in-
cluding those here at the Univer-
sity. She is also currently first
oboist iu the Albany ,flymphouy.
Cackrell, who heads the piano de-
partment here, has appeared in nu-
merous recitals and with several
Symphonies.

start them. ltnlds are made on sus-
pecied hook boarders. I’riutod ma-
terial is sought out and burnt to a
crisp. Book paper, by the way,
burns of 451 degrees ii‘uhronhelt,
hence the iillo. ,

Houses are for the most part _ .
fireproof uud bountiful, with movie-
srrouu-nizo television rind ull the
advances that science promises us.
People spend their time wutohlng
this h‘ci'ililll and accepting its din-
lortcd truths uud totul lion.

Against this huckgruuml west»;
the inner struggles of an individual
fil'omnu who one day discovers that
he has swallowed lies for the whole
of his life. ()skur War-nor plays
Moniag, the fireman, sufficiently,
but secure to ho perpetually with-
out enthusiasm, eveu when his sal-
vutiou comes at tho and.

Playing two roles — Warner's
wife and female neighbor-- is a
slim Julie Christie, who seems
more at home in her role than War-

95in: day Moutug roads one of the
books that he has been burning for
five years. Obviously this has tot
to lead to a situation whore Mon-
tag either must leave his society
or die fighting it.

To complicate this moral prob-
lem, Warner's wife can't stand the
fact that he makes her Wobular
and exposes her to danger by leav-
ing books in Ills llriusen-sosheturua
him in. Ills last official mission is
to his own house, where hodoatroya

nu refuse the public to see the
00k because of its "badlnfiuenco."
Sound familiar?

tndy community theatre group, has
made two other appearances in Page
Hall this season.

    
 
  

.‘l-V

GUAM TE MEMORIM, virge, as the guy 'soid to his one. When V
he met her in the desert. it‘s LENDINGS. she told hire, tor dos.
sort it comes with a cherry on top and goes been. LIMlNGS.

    
  
   
     
 

 

 

-«.....«..c.~.u—. ..

 

