 
 
  
  
 
    

search the university.

:1 of the" appointment
9mm. Board of Trustees of
the nIVersity. _

Institutional research func-
t part‘of the office of the vice
pr sident for management andplan-
hing, is a new one for the Albany
campus. Its primary objective, will

’3 be to assemble and to analyzeabody

"ofjfacts about the University that
Will support continued planning and
5 effective daysto-day administration
of'a rapidly growing and developing
institution. , ’

. Former Director
Mr. Smith, formerly was aesist-

ant deputy director of the New York ,

State' Identification and Intelligence
System located in Albany. “Our
"immediate concern," said Mr.
Smith, “is to collect existing but
scattered data that will accurately
describe where we are today. Then
the University can say with cer-
tainty what resources it needs to
meet its program goals.” He gave,
as an example of institutional re-
search, determination of future en-
rollment and its relation to in-

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

  

 

 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

  

  

   

 

 
  

   

   

BROTHERS or the newly formed troternity Ants mini. cm

are shown here holding their open house in the Dutch Oued. The
open houses’ were designed‘ to acquaint any interested students

with fraternity lite.

IFG Opens Semester Tonight
With ‘On The Waterfront’

This Friday the International Film
Group begins its second semester

creased faculty requirements and schedule with Elia Kazan’s "On the
facilities. Waterfront.”

Mr. Smith expects that the bulk Highly praised for itslmaglnatlve
of the institutional research task use of sound, camera, and natural
will be conducted on a self-survey locations, the film contains what
basis, rather than by outside ex- may be the best ensemble acting
ports. “I am a strong believer in performance in American Cinema.

 

the proposition that the faculty and
staff have sufficient knowledge and
understanding of the University to
respond to its needs without external
stimulus."

. Budget Analyst

The new appointee, a native of
Bellingham, Wash., is a graduate
with Honors-ln-Course in l951.The
follpwing year he received his pub-
lic administration degree from the
Maxwell School of Citizenship and
Pu ic Affairs of Syracuse Univer-
slt .

After employment as a budget
analyst in the fiscal division of
the’U. S. Navy Department’s Bur-
ea of Ships, Mr. Smith enlisted in
the] Army Counter-intelligence
Co ps.

Upon leaving the service, Mr.
Smith became amanagement analyst
in the Connecticut State Budget Divi-
sion at Hartford. Later, he joined
the staff Of the Maryland State Bud-
get Bureau in Baltimore as abudget
analyst. in 1960 he moved tolndiana
University, where he served as as-
sistant director of the Institute of
Training for Public Service, an arm
of the University’s Department of
Government.

He is author of “A Final Report
on a Program for the Modernization
of Management Practices and Re-
sources of Indonesia,” published
last year by the institute.

Coordlnotor oi Gov't Contracts

In September of 1963, Mr. Smith
became coordinator of government
contracts in the University’s De-
partment of Government. Earlier he
had been assigned on a part-time
basis for six months to the lndiana
State Depar‘ment of Conservation
to do a study of the department’s
management and finances.

Co-Author

lie is the co-nuthor of two pub-
lications: "Combating Organized
Crime," published by the Office of
the Counsel to the Governor, and»
"A Theory of Organized Crime
Control: A Preliminary Statement,"
distributed by NYSIIS as a working
paper for the Third Oyster Day
Conference last year.

Mr. and Mrs. Smith, the former
Rachel Stryker, and theirthree sons
live at 10 Cherry Tree Road, Lon.
donville.

Student
Discount

 Knit II’ Tim

2l2 Western Ave. at Quail
open daily Ill-5:30 p.m.
Wednesday l0-9 p.m.

Karl Maldon, Eva Marie Saint, and
Lee J. Cobb have never battered
their performances here, but they
are outstripped by the unforgettable
playing of Marlon Brando and Rod
Stelger. Steiger, as a frightened,
down-at-the-heel petty hood, and
Brando asan inarticulate long-
shoreman, capture the reality of
their roles with a vividness few
actors have equaled. This is felt
by many to be Brando’s all-time
best performance.

With a powerful score by Leonard
Bernstein and crisp, aggressive di-
rection by Elia Kazan, “On the Wa-
terfront” has become a classic of

the American film. It will be shown
Friday night, February 10, in Dra-
per 849 at 7:00 and 9:15. Admission
with student tax is $.35.

The upcoming IFG schedule in-
cludes “Gosta Berling" (7:30 Wed-
nesday, February 14, starringGreta
Garbo), “La Strada,” “lvanthe Ter-
rible,” “Bicycle Thief,” "Yollm-
be,” a Charlie Chaplin program,
“The Seventh Seal,” and “Psycho.”
Schedules will be available soon.

The next IFG program is “The
Knack," which will be shown Fri-
day, February 17, at 7:00 and 9:15.
Because of the volume of response
expected, it will be necessary to

sell advance tickets. Admission is
75¢ and tickets may be purchased
in the lobby of the Humanities build-
ing. There will be no tickets avail-
able the night of the showing.

 Actitili‘e

sor a series of prominent speakers
who will lecture on foreign poliﬁy.
Con ressman Jonathan Bin ham -
- ungand Harrison Salisbufy, "New German Elections," “Prospects for
York Times” editor, are scheduled
for February 27 and March 12 re-
spectively. Other planned speakers Gaulle and U. S. Policy."
include Felix Greene, Hans Mor-
ganthau, Carl Rowan and Robert
Scalapino.

 
 
  
 
   

 

     
 
 

HS, _ , ,0 ; I
' and Communism. In this area the
Forum 0! huncs' anon-puns“ organization plans to have Nodman

 
   

 

1 udsnt rou which focuses on do-

‘ gestic land pinternational politics, “mm” and Other Speakers. There
l tlonal meeting

' xfﬂgnﬂgﬁ'leﬁ Monday, Feb_ group discussions concerned with

13,-at 3:30 p.m., in Humanities ill.

. Harold Lynne, president of the or-

ganization, has asked anyonettin;

mﬁjg‘lsmgﬁ’ﬁg‘f Forum to 8 en usually faculty members or a

will also be a number of panel and

these topics.

During the course of the semes-
, Forum will also have at its
regular Monday meeting speakers,

«-
(D
'4

speaker from the Albany area. These
meetings usually are devoted to a
' current political problem.
In the next few months, speakers
will discuss topics such as “Recent

This semester Forum will spon-

the Constitutional Convention,"
“Congressional Ethics," and "De—

Attend Intercollegiate Conferences

Forum members will attend in-
tercollegiate conferences and par-
ticipate in Mock Senate, which is

Lectures on Communism
held in the State Senate Chambers

Forum will hold a series of lec-

tures and discussions on socialism in Apr“-

 

AMERICAN TRAVEL
"Your Campus Travel Agent"

Opposite State Campus at Thruway Motor Inn
9-5 Weekdays Phone 459-9010

9-12 Saturdays

 

 

Welcome Back!

KAPPA Bill FRAIEIIIIIIY

and
State University of Newlork at Albany
CENTRAL ARMS TAVERN

109 Central Avenue .

 

LOOKING FOR SELF-FULFILLMENT?
SHERUT LA'AM - ISRAEL
MAY BE YOUR ANSWER
TO: Sherut La’am (Service to the People)
515 Park Avenue, New York. New York 10022

 

YOU NAME |T|

Egg Rolls, Spore Ribs, Chow Mein, Chop Suey, Shrimp 8.

I am a graduate — undergraduate (underline one) be~
tween 19—30 and would like .you to send me, without
obligation, FREE information telling howl can serve.
a full year in Israel for only $670 which includes round
trip fare. (A limited number of long—term loans are
available). [ understand a knowledge of Hebrew is not

and Lobster Sauce, Pork Fried Rice and many more!

Eat in or Take Out

 

a pro-requisite.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Students Welcome at

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

join Widtlem ﬂay/ruby
238 WWW ﬂueuuu

7464/ m oyeu «up.
Way could We {at win

you «at (u foo/u

duu — Wu

910278 — Witt way 5500
would of footy you yet u M W

mluy Mariya/i 25¢ wot.

Name — (Please print) 7
Moior Field 0' Study ___._._____ College or Univ. -v——-‘—   
Street Address ._._...-_.._.__._ Phone (Optionsl)__#__.ﬁ#_
Z 223 CENTRAL AVENUE Ho 2.2236
City _ State _ ip__ .__
\J J/ r j/ 1/ y [I [I y y [I 7
704 90m 71m fluiin add
0

 

‘\\\\\\

0 M you um a, 0, m

\\

 

 

// I //

 

 

// // I— // II II

I,

 

 

 

 

 liquor Con-hm Held-is?
Rerouni‘endaiionslA "To

alcohol would‘ not be soiey for bold open forums during the next
profit except in the case of a char- few weeks 'so that. students and “norm” Group mscussgomdmev. Time for individual mo

Cage and Kluver in Allie
Dance Council meets‘i'vitlt‘ ‘ it
ham in Library lecturé‘illiioin-

Since the formation oi a com-
mittee to recommend a policy re-
garding the serving of alcohol on
campus, the student body has been
wondering what the committee has
concluded. The first meeting was
Dec. 7.’ At that time the places to
be considered were discussed.

On-campus areas such as the
ﬁmpus Center, residence halls,
classroom buildings, parking areas,
lawns, lake area, physical educa-
tion facilities, and the lnfirmary
were mentioned. The Mohawk pro-
perty and Dippikili were off-cam-
pus areas to be considered.

First Maetlng

Also at this first meeting a list
of questions to be discussed was
presented. Some .of the questions
have now been discussed and con-
clusions reached by the committee.
Any conclusions were generally
reached by consensus of the mom-
I‘ rs and can merely serve as rec-

imendations. They do not con-
stitute the policy.

At the first meeting also the
committee decided that the restric-
tions should be established on a
practical basis and if the Univer-
sity had wanted to be restrictive it
would have formulated the policy
itself. A “positive” approach was,
therefore, stressed.

At the second meeting the com-
mittee decided that certain bever-
ages should be available at certain
special events. The events named
included student sponsored all-uni-
" rsity events. University-spon-

red functions, all-University
events such as holiday dinners and
faculty dinners, and events of duly
constituted students and/or faculty
groups.

"Kind" of Beverage

At the third meeting it was de—
cided that the “kind” of beverage
should be appropriate for the oc-
casion. Also beer, wine or liquor
could be served. The group wanting
the privilege of drinking should be
responsible for its use.

Education concerning use of al-
cohol would be through meetings
?d word of mouth. Any selling of

master In Mexico
Availablelo Iuniors
To Begin In Sept.

A “semester abroad" at the Uni-
versity of Gualalajara, Mexico will
be available to University juniors
starting in September. Planned par-
ticularly for majors in inter-Amer-
' n studies and Spanish, the new

reign study program will enable
participants to take a variety of
courses taught by regular profes-
sors oi the University of Gualala-
jara.

The students will be accompanied
by Dr. Frank G. Carrino, director
of the Center for Inter-American
studies, who also will be ll visiting
professor on the Mexican campus.
A guided excursion of Mexico City
and other tours of cultural interest
are planned as part of the semester
program.

Preliminary application can be

ado to Dr. Corrine at the center

Draper. Details on course offer-
lugs, housing, arrangements, on-
ticipated costs, and travel will be
mailed to applicants. An orienta-
tion program for candidates will
be held during the spring semester
and final selection of 25 students
will depend upon performance In
the orientation and training pro-
gram.

Purpose of the new program Is
to provide an opportunity for qual-
ified students to pursue courses in
their field of interest as well as to
“cation their knowledge ofacultur-

region of Latin America. The
orientation sessions in Gualaiaiarii
will be concerned primarily with
historical, cultural and social set-
tings as they relate to the univer-
sity, community, state and nation.

Students, who will live with pre-
selected families, will take a max-
imum of 12 credit courses, pri-
marily from among elective offer-
ings. Most courses will be given in
the schools and philosophy and let-
tors, economics, and law at the

,iniversity.

According to Mr. Neil Brown. concerning the policy.
head of the committee, one of the
most important conclusions reached
by the committee was the favoring
of a rathskeller idea within the take the committeeaboutthreemore

vision any problems in the use of mendations. Fromthe committeethe
part of the snack bar facilities for recommendations will go to Central
the selling of alcoholic beverages. Council, Student Affairs Council of
Brown said that one of the prob- the Faculty Senate and finally Pres-
lems might be in obtaining a liquor ldent Evan it. Collins will determine
license from the State Liquor Auth- the final policy after reviewing all 558mb” “31"
The committee intends to the recommendations.

     

, Sssgo I. a

 . ' ‘ “ I L.  1:25-2:30 . . ’ ‘ v ‘ - -
Stan VanDerBe’ek and Len Lye--3=35'4=3° ' ' ' '
Ballroom--lniormal Group Discus- “Ck Tworkovmd ,
room -- Informal Discussion,

sion--A. Lennin'g, Moderator.
faculty can express their opinions m QM“, Madam". V

Three More Weeks
Brown estimated that it should 2:304:35 4:30-5:30
   bounce.
‘é‘iﬁifbfefhi‘l'tﬁliﬁf'ss‘°" " J” “=“°-‘°=°°

He did not en- weeks to finish making its recom-

 

  
   
  
   
 

Robert Greeley-Assembly Hall» 3- CW1”: Mme'W'i-rii

 

 

 

All University Rece

H

Time for individual meetings with A,,,S?“fi'“§§f,‘,g’°m"f£°3:w;“pﬁﬁf
VﬂnDerBeek: We and Greeley" gram--Open to University Communm
ity and General Public.

 

 

r

 

 

When we say

we want people

for the outer limits,
this isn’t what

we have in mind. " /"

/

Forgot science ﬁction. We're talking about the mlcnts and abilities allow.
“ontcr limits" of technology. And thcscdnys it

. . . . . The result? (Ii-cater personal responsibility
can be even morc cxcmng rhnn sc1cncc hcuon.

and recognition; the dual satisfaction of per-
sonal achievement and continuing personal

Right now IBM nccds qualificd men and , _
rm 'nrds. A pretty satisfying result.

wmncn to hpr l’t’:l(.‘ll thcsc nurcr limits. The
kind of pcuplc who have made IBM the lender
in today‘s fastest—growing major industry: in-
formation handling and control. And the kind
of people who can grow with us as far as their

Job opportunities or IBM arc in six major
or 'LIS: Computcr Applications, Programming.
Finance and Administration, Research and
Development, h’lnnufucturing and h’lnrkcting.

Whatever your Immediate commitments. whatever your area of study.
olgn up now for In out-campus Interview with IBM. February 23. 24.

If. for some reason. you aren't able to arrange an interview. drop us a line. Write to: Manager of College Recruitlng.
IBM Corporation, 590 Madison Avenue. New York, N. Y. 10022. IBM in an Equal Opportunity Employer.

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

