rum, “new. Tim

 

 

While loitering trace

in ASP Exemplary?

ntly in the vicinity of the

 

 

 

 Is To. Produce Laughs

by Diane Semerville

Script ' Fai

If the average theatre-goer can manage to getpast gaping at the technical work i I ‘
in the current State University Theatre prbduotion of the Kaufman Connolly comedy .
‘ ‘Merton of the Movies.” it’s inevitable that he will at least midly enjoy the goings- ;
on on stage. But that he will ignore such things as costumes and lighting is highly
improbable, since in “Merton,” they go a long way toward being a virtuoso per-
formance, and are certainly the most impressive ever done on a stage here. ,-
‘ Technical director Rob-

   

barber shop in the basement of the CampusCenter
Building, we just happened to notice the reading ma-
terial' available to the waiting student customer.
This material consisted of two copies of the ASP and
one copy of the National Enquirerer. - .'
Several interesting interpretations of this phen-
omen are possible. IS the ASP twice as good as the
Enquirerer? Can conclusions be drawn as to the
relative depth of reading matter available? Can a
common denominator be drawn? Are students on this

   

  
 
  
 

  
  
  
 
  
 
  

  

 
 
     
  
  
  
 
  
 
  

 
   
  
   
 

  

   
  

 

a.
..
1:-

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 
 
 
  
   

 

 

certa'in depth? What about

campus capable of cemprehending material below a

the barbers?

Last semester Kappa Beta donated a subscription
to Playboy to the Library.
will feel similarly inclined toward the barber shop.
Ladies Home Journal anyone?

Perhaps some other group

 

 

 
  
 
   

 

: . . SO that the 30:01‘5 tthem" wiler, who provides easily the fun- of personnel and material which
n . . . selves 31‘ e 3 mos up" “95‘ Scene in the 3h°w- has made his past productions such I
    THE "MERTON CAST putting on the" makeup prepare for their staged. rewarding experiences for all con_
- It's a wonder professor, their grades don’t show how they study. ~ Wednesday night debut. The show wrll run until Saturday. Alex

' Pro football

This week one of the new fraternities.
Phi’ Beta Sigma, conducted a poll to test
the attitudes of the student body about
the feasibility of a football team here.
The poll was well received. with over

2500 people responding.

At first examination. it looks like the
undergraduates are heavily in favor of a
football team. while the graduates and
faculty are somewhat less enthusiastic.

What is easily recognizable from the
results is that the student body is basic—
ally unaware of the information neces-
sary to intelligently answer such a

questionnaire.

First of all, based upon the cost es-
timates of Dr. Alfred Werner. Chair-

they just might be the best supported
team in college ball.

sports are necessary to build a na-
tional image. Once a national image is
built, improvement of academic facil-
ities becomes easier. Most people have
heard of very small schools like Notre
Dame, Providence and Bradley because
of their sports scores. How famous
are Cooper Union and the Rockefeller
Institute for merely being two of the
best schools in the country?

Proposal Honored

Several times last semester we wrote
editorials urging action on the women’s
hours proposal. It seems that much ac-
tion is finally being seen and. best of
all, it looks probable that it will be put
into effect this semester.

by Martin Schwartz

once upon a time, a long, long,
time ago, in a forest deep in the
backlands of the Black Forest region
of Germany, there lived a pink ele-
phant who was rather different.

As I'm sure that you all know,
the major sport among pink ele-
phants in the backlands of the Black
Forest region of Germany was to
climb up into the trees and rape
the squirrels. However, this one
pink elephant we have in mind
could not climb up into the trees
and rape the squirrels because of
the fact that he was spastic and
therefore could not make it higher
than the third branch before he
would fall down.

Naturally, this is not nearly high
enough to rape any squirrels since
they always habitats at least the
seventh branch. But, ahal Upon
reading the New Ideas section of
Esquire, which the pink elephants

Naturally, the squirrels, being
curious as to what was going on
(inherent trait), went up to the eighth
branch to see better what was going
on (all squirrels of the BOTBFROG
being farsighted, of course). By this
time all of the grease on the springs
has dried and boi-i-ing-g, up he
went.

At last the pink elephant had
them! Rape and pillage was avail-
able to his heart's delight.

Oh, aiak, alasl 'Even the best
of things must come to an end. For
one day, his favorite squirrel be-
came pregant. The poor pink ele-
phant didn’t know what to do. He
asked all of his friends for advice
but none of them knew what to do
since all of them were homosexual
and only bothered with each other.

At last he- decided to marry her.
When the ceremonies were over the
next day (he had to make it fast:
she was three weeks pregnant and
squirrels breed in only 44 days)

 
 
 
 

 
  

     

   

  
  
  

Krakower (tar right) stars in the role at Merton Gill.

Lean’s ‘Dr. Zhivago’ Called
‘Something Less Than Super’

by Douglas Rothgeb

Whenever you start to list the cinematic accomplish—

.i ments of director David Lean, you get the feeling that

at any moment you will be accused of being a name-
dropper by the company around you. Lean has come al-
most as close as one can get to becoming a god of the
movie industry, and not without good reason.

“In Which We Serve,”
“Great Expectations,"
“The Bridge on the River

ferior, or even mediocre, attempt.

t was not an easy task, by any
means, to translate Boris Paster-
nak’s immense novel of Revolu-

ert Donnelly. assisted by
Jerome Hannelly on lights
and Patrizia von Branden—
stein, in charge of cos-
tumes and make—up. have
turned the showinto atech-
nical tour de force, so much

The main reason, perhaps, that
the audience finds itself so en-
grossed in scene changes and the
like lies in the script itself. The
authors of “Merton” are famous
for their knee-slapping, belly-
laughing comedies, and this one
simply is not that funny.

One wonders if the play’s medio-
cre success is linked to its subject,
for as its publicity claims, it is an
extremely typical work, and mod-
ern-day audiences are simply too
far removed from the world of si-
lent movies to find all of this really
entertaining. Yet how much comedy
could it have held when it was writ-
ten, coming as it did to a public
devoted to the very industry "Mer-
ton" spoofs.

- h
Kwai’n and "Lawrence of tionai'y Russia into a film Without There are moments’ owever'

Arabia” are just a few of
the films which have es—
tablished him as one of the

losing the very pulse of the novel
and without diluting the very essence
of what made the novel a modern
classic.

Novel Untilmoble

most of which are the result of di-
rector James Leonard's (as always)
resourceful staging, but as a whole
"Merton" simply never delivers
the laughs it promised. The fault,

man of the Department of Physical Ed- We must take notice of this fact and gaffﬁiﬁﬁasoggaﬂgﬂﬁgigg he began to worry. For it suddenly most important Anglo- One mlgh, be mum“, 53,, um, however, lies more in the script
ucation. we could fully equip _a frosh commend the organizations which finally an ad ,0, a specm'pm 0, shoes dawned upon him. A me I. i c a n di re 0 to I. 3 ,he Pasternak novel ,5 unmmame itself than in those who interpret it.
and varsity team and maintain such cooperated to produce the finished pro- with springs on the bottom. wnat would the babies (squirrels around. (and it would not be the first one

for a period of 15 years just with funds
now held by Athletic Advisory Board’s

surplus fund.

We already have the land for a foot-
ball stadium and practice field.

The Albany area has been scouted out
seriously by professional football and
baseball minor leagues, who are look-
ing for a stadium to rent out. The tri-
cities area recently gave overwhelming
approval in a Times Union survey to
see if the public would support events

held in a large stadium.

R.P.I., not to mention the Mets, has
proved that we need not beat Notre.
Dame to support a football team. In—
diana hasn’t beat a rug in 10 years but

posal. From the beginning of the revel-
ation of the present proposal it seemed
to be more right than any other.

A previous proposal hadbeen shrouded
in secrecy. Students were afraid to talk
of it for fear of its being destroyed.
Also it dragged through committees very
slowly.

Now, however, the proposal has prom—
ise. President Evan R. Collins indicated
that he was in favor of it at the most
recent President’s Conference. About
the only thing that stands in the way now
is the technicality of finding a way for
girls to get in after dorm closing hours.

We’re so close and we have hope so
we’ll wait just a little longer.

 

C OMM UNI CA TI 0N8

No. Faculty Support

To the Editor:

The students at SUNYA have good
reason to feel proud of the Mental
Health Telethon which was staged at
the Campus Center. At a time when
so many students are objecting to
the failings of our society, students

aging. In trying to increase dialogue
and communication betweengstudents
and faculty, there have in the past
been many successes, but in this
specific instance, cooperation failed
through the faculty’s indifference
to their potential rolein the teiethon.

The support by the faculty of an
unquestionably worthwhile attempt
to improve our society was negli-

For this the students of the Uni-
versity should be commended. But
I have one question to pose to all
involved with this institution. Where
was our faculty? The mainstay of
every school is its faculty.

They are the ones who set the ex-
ample. And yet, in this instance,
the faculty did not lend a hand tothe
student organizers. The way 1 un-

lmmediately he ordered them even
though they were very expensive.
They were so expensive, in fact,
that he had to surrender his entire
life savings which had been slowly
built up over a long career as an
observer of sealed railway cars
on their way from Zurich toRussia.

Actually, it was a very easy job
as the last time there was one was
in March 1917. It was so easy, in
fact, that the elephant became very
lazy, never exercised, and there-
fore spastic.

Now, however, with the new shoes,
he envisioned a life with no prob-
lems whatsoever. Ah, but for the
fickle ciiche‘oi fate! Little did he
know that the squirrels of the BOT-
BFROG have some of the sharpest
ears in the world. Also, they could
hear very well.

As a result, when the squirrels
heard a distinct boi-i-ing-g-g in
the distance they immediately ran
down to the fourth branch and
watched our hero fly right past them.

“Well,” saith the lad, “the time
has come for some bru-ha—hal I'll
simply grease my springs." Upon
doing this all that happened upon
the commencement of jumping was
a "squish, squish," and the pink
elephant stayed right where he was.

  

Albany Student Press

have litters of 2) look like? The
poor pink elephant got so worried
that he turned gray. Now that he
was a normal elephant he was im-
mediately ostracizedfrom his peer
group. This proved to be such a
shock to him that he had a heart
attack and dropped dead!

Since he had previously willed his
body for medical research to the
Medical School of the University
for Pink Elephants Living in the
Backlands of the Black Forest Reg-

ion of Germany, a post-mortem.

autopsy (they're the only kind to
have) was immediately held by the
students.

There the ironic part of the story
comes to the fore. It seems that the
ex-pink gray elephant was in reality
sterile. So it wasn’t he at all that
had made the squirrel pregnant! It
must have been another squirrel
(those things do happen, you know)
since his friends obviously had noth-
ing to do with all this.

MORAL NUMBER ONE: Don't talk
to a snake in Ireland or your best
friend may turn out to be a homo-
sexual pink elephant.

MORAL NUMBER TWO: It is now.
obvious that anyone can write a
story of the quality and content of
material found in the Full Primer.

But, like any experienced and
skilled artist, Lean too has had his
less auspicious moments and has
occasionally made films that have
been something less than super.

Less Than Super

"Doctor Zhivago," while cer-
tainly something less than super,
is not a film Mr. Lean should be
at all ashamed of.

The mistakes he has made with
it, while significant, have not been
enough to damn the film as an in-

‘Pairoon Portraits,’
llnusual Exhibit

Seen it Institute

A major exhibition of portraits
of the old Dutch families of the
Albany area pened on Tuesday,
March 7 at the Albany Institute of
History and Art. This show in-
cludes some of the most striking
paintings in the history of Amer-

ican art.
. .

For this exhibit wnich occupies
the entire first floor galleries 80
works have been borrowed from 14
public and 10 private collections.
in past months in preparation for
this showing the institute has
pressed forward with its cleaning

to be so). One might think that there
is altogether too much to cover,
and that Pasternak's fine drama
might come across on the screen
as little more than the soapiest of
soap opera.

Lean, I think, has proven the for-
mer, but remarkably, not thelatter.
Although his film does stunt the
effect of the Pasternak book, and
although he and his screen-writer
Robert Bolt have been unable to
capture all or even most of the pro-
fundity, he has nevertheless kept a
firm and restraining hand on the
mawkish elements, and has man-
aged to make “Zhivago" a dignified
and meaningful film.

Best Job Posslble

He has, lthink, done the best job
possible, considering the complexity
of the project.

He has made afilm ihatis visually
stunning and superbly acted by a
beautifully chosen cast.

Let it suffice to say that “Doctor
Zhivago" is a mixed blessing,afilm
which falls as often as it succeeds,
but a film which cannot possibly
leave you bored.

Alex Krakower, who plays the title
role, is himself a sort of Merton.
Having been absent from SUT stages
in a major role since as a fresh-
man he played the highly dramatic
title role in “Ethan Frome,"he was
something of a dark horse for the
lead in "Merton." He carries it off,
however, with real comic spirit. His
performance may not be inspired,
but it is certainly technically flaw-
less. He does not however, receive
the necessary support from his co-
star. .

Leane Pasternak, as the Montague
girl, is certainly dazzling in all
those costumes, and does an ade-
quate job with the everyday re-
sponses which compose most of her
role. When, however, she attempts
to console the sobbing Merton, the
audience simply cannot belleVe it -
simply because Miss Pasternak her-
self does not believe it, and a sigh
of relief when the mood changes is
almost audible.

Certain other cast members, how-
ever, more than compensate. Chief

among them is Scott Reagan, whose
caricature of a director is one of

the really timeless things in the
show. Karen Prete as the casting
director is priceless, as is Stratton
Rawson as another Montague. The
Stolen-Show Award, however, must
go to Bob Clayton as Amos Gash-

The real star, however, is the
scenery. Mr. Donnelly has outdone
himself in mounting “Merton” on
two revolving stages, each of which
is completely changed three times
to produce six completely different
sets. The effect is breathtaking, as
are the costumes. The ingenuity
displayed is limitless, even though

  

v. 
V -~-';..

one of the scenes does look sus-
piciously like a famous sequence
from "My Fair..."

Probably the only unfortunate as-
pect of “Merton” is that director
Leonard, famous for his inspired
productions, has not managed to
find again that miraculous blend

cerned. "Merton" is, to be sure,
diverting, but it can never qualify
to be put in the same category as
“Of Mic? and Men’f or “The Mls-‘
anthrope.” It becomes once again,
as with past SUT productions, a
case of going to the show simply
to watch master technicians - in
all fields - at work.

1:.-

REHEARSALS ARE IN FULL SWING tor "carnival" which is

scheduled for production in late April.

 

 

it is always a pleasure to watch a master at his
craft creating that craft before one’s eyes; that,
however. is the opportunity currently being presented
to audiences in attendance at “Merton of the Movies,”
the current State University Theatre production being

staged in Page Hall.

 
   

 

 

   

Anyone who has ever worked with the Page facil-
ities is aware of just how difficult it is to stage any-
thing effectively on the extremely shallow stage. it is a
problem Robert Donnelly, technical director of “ Mer-
ion,” has gotten around beautifully with the use — for
the first time on this stage —of revolving stages. The
work that must have gone into each of six sets shows
in their professional air — and why not? For if any-

al this university cooperated In a gibie, and further, their lack of derstand the situation, Faculty Sen- “TAN-'9‘” MAY "'6 3"“ 9°“59rV9t10‘l 0‘ “mm” W" one is a professional. Mr. Donnelly is.

highly consuucuve demonﬂrmon encouragement of student efforts to ate decided not to contribute as a unusual V130“ 01.1 n u a I. duate of the old state Teachers
01 500k?! responﬁlblml’.Themcre‘l' take an active role of constructive unit and left the contributing to the 'y T”! CL‘S‘ 0' "1 Because this 15 the “’5‘ “me g1 a y g 8‘

this job of planning, organizing and prom, was ,hamugmy disappoint- ,ndlvldual faculty. I that so large a number of these College — in geometry! -— Mr. Donnelly went on to

supervising a 22-hour performance
by those in charge brings honor to
all of us. The overwhelming support
given by the student body in its con-
tributions and presence through
that long night is something that
will long be remembered.

The Telethon however was sup-

ing.

If there is to be a university
community of students and faculty
working togeiher toward any of our
common goals, there must be corn-
munication, but in this instance,
the wires betweenstudents and fac-
ulty were, for the most part, dead.

Lauren Kurz

Considering the example 0‘ the
students, individuals still gave while
their groups did not. Wouldn’t it
have been nice if the faculty had
given as a group and also individ-

uaily?
Dottie Mancusi
—‘-——~—_—_—_

  
   
 

elect-tion at the State Unlveulty at N
ﬂed in Room 3“ at the C

57-2l90.er 457-2194.

The Albany Student Prue to e "ml-weele newspaper published by the Student
rumpus Center 0" In! Western AVIﬂUO,_lI open from
:00 we. to ":00 pm. Sunday ihru Thuredey night or may be reached by dialing

MARGARET DUNLAP and SARA KITTSLEV
Ce-Edltwe-lnichlet

ew York at Albany, the ASP Dulce. la-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"Patroon Portraits" have been to-
gether, a seminar will be held at
the New York Historical Society

.‘ during which art historians, paint-

ing conservators, genealogical ex-
ports and social historians plan to
discuss questions of style, attribu-
tion and other problems.

The New York State Council on

 

further study, ended up as tech director at Dartmouth.
and was lured back to his alma mater in the fall of
1965. His first set at State for “Of Mice and Men.”
showed the versatility and inventiveness which con-
tinues to mark his work. Probably his most famous
sets are those created for "Stop the World'? and
“Lysistrata” - for obvious reasons.

 
 
   
  
   
   
    
   
    
    
    

    
 

    

  
   
     
      
      
      
      
      
       
    
      
    
    
        
 
  
  
 
 

 

 

hp:

posedly an effort of the university I NEXT-ISSUE OF Lind: emf... A." a"... the Arts will sponsor a completely Not only does Mr. Donnelly know his trade: he

00mmunul/ 3' 0 “1019. mid many onto . Ken N-w- Editor illustrated catalog of the exhibition,

students will find It hard. as NO. » v the ASP WI“ be to cm“ A 1 Sports so... to be pubusm ,, m,d_yea,_ also goes a long way toward puncturing the idea that'

to understand the absence of sup- To the Editors: APRIL 4, 1967 3,32, if...“ ‘u afﬁrmflf": An Institute spokesman explained true genius must always be accompanied by difficult

iii? “i..n::;.°;;':::n"zrhor ohms: nourishmen— w H  .m- J»  it‘ll?”  “if” temperament and slowness- He is probably one or >
. - - . a e e_ , . n. “3:, _, u. o r or an comes 0 ew '

ministrative and reachinz faculty than for the research and'the cure HAPPY Undo VgnP T-clmical Suwnvlu': and comgisl‘e at dnce so many of the most affable men in the speech departmemv A5

greatly aided the Program, such of mental health: was held. Beluga “" ‘ ---'5"¢0"'0 54"" these strong, dramatic and often for sloppiness,

“President Collins, Dean Chasm,
Mr, Brown and others, the lack of
monetary and moral support by most
of the faculty was deeply discour-

 

 

common student, not involved in the
administration of the event, 1 do not
know actual statistics of the con-
tributlons.

 

 

ST. PATRICK'S DAY

' T T 1‘ T T
HAPPY EASTER

All eemunieetlene muet be eddreued t

  

l
a
i
"LE
5’
E

"u ' “I be "and in 300 war“
en up one I up rowel I My are later! d i it
of ' ‘ ee' web , ’ '. d: net . fly-I” " ‘

e the dimer»! 1 be i . C .
do uni-re wet?" to .0 i139. film].

- fullest

  

 

evocative likenesses which were
“mood at the edge of the wilder-
ness by some of America’s earliest
but still anonymous painters.

MANY ART WORKS, both student, loculty, and commissioned
works may be seen on the walls at the various buildings on cam.

pus.

one look at the stage shop proves
otherwise. Hearty congratulations to Mr.
for another brilliant design.

Donnelly

 

