 

i 5

pl 1?than . .ovcrprlwd?

 

, Thursday; Gcto  i967

...Where.1t’s A:

Aunt Fanny's Garage/is the improbable namo'or AlbiuIy's best,
if only, psychedelic shop. Aunt Fanny’s or AP‘trG's is where it's
at. it all began when a small group of turned on people living in
Albany decided one quiet Sunday afternoon, or whenever, that
Albany needed a head shop.

They advertise the world's groovlest board of directors, and
business has been pretty good cimsidering competition. Among

’the large entourage of groovy stuff there is a bulletin board with
rides to Sii‘and other places, advertisements for bands; a collec-
tion box for a young mother and child, acoilection box for the
stolen equipment of the 'Bougaieau,’ and another for an incipient
magazine.

Located deep in the heat of Albany’s hippie commercial district,
AF'SiG’s is located at 53A North Lake directly across from the
Casino Bar and Grill.

. . . 0.K., so you're there. Outside there’sacouple of long
haired teeny-hoppers from Albany High. The store front window
is a tired tapestry and a love circle poster and afew pertinent
notices ( a warning about a 10:00 p.m. curfew in the park). Go in.
A few flashing colored lights on the ceiling provide the only il-
lumination, but it's enough.

Boldly asserting their identity between the black patches of
wall, various posters grab your attention. Lots of Peter Max's
'stuff, shots like Gracie Slick of the 'iieiferson Airplane,I and of
the 'Gratefui Dead,’ and also several Beardley prints.

if you didn’t breathe yet, try it now. incense assaults you. Yeah,
and they have a billion different kinds of incense (all over priced)
but worth it if you dig incense.

Make sure you check out the pipes. \Vaster, hash and anything
else you groove on are there in abundance. Just about any typos
of cigarette papers you could need are stocked. Volume of sales
indicates an extraordinary number of cowboys making the Albany
scene.

Speaking of traveling, no trip is complete without stuff to blow
your mind. Groovy crystals which you look through and the Visual
world is broken into a dozen kaiidoscoplc images in any color
you want. Double your pleasure with a pair of hip spectacles:
they do the same as the single crystal only twice.

Don't forget your ears. Do-lt-yoursclf freaks can get bells,
recorders, flutes, and even a sitar on order.

The worst thing about business. Owners state they have to
fight the compulsion not to give anything away. Man.

 

 



 

 

 

V

A TYPICAL PRACTICE SESSION CONTAINS ENOUGH
CONI‘ ACT to get the muscles loosened for the upcoming AMIA

season.

 

I Sports Scheds

Varsity Soccer Schedule:

Saturday, October 7: Adelphi
— Home 2:00.

Saturday, October 14: Pets-
dam — Away 2:00.

Saturday, October 21: Piatts-
burgh — Home 2:00.

Wednesday, October 2.1: lt.P.1.
—— Away 4:00.

Saturday, October 28: Utica
College — Home 3:00.

Fresh '

Monday, October 9: Sullivan
C.C. — Home 4:00.

Saturday, October 14: Mohawk
Valley C.C. — Away 12:00.

Wednesday, October 18: R.P.l.
— Home 4:00.

Saturday, October 21: Oneonta
— a 10:30 am. game.

Saturday, October 28: Dutchess
C.C. — Away 1:00.

Cross Country Schedule

Saturday, October ’7: LeMoyne
invitational —- Away 12:00.

Wednesday, October 11: R. PJ.
—Siena — Home 3:30.

Saturday, October 14: R.i.T.
—- Away 2:30.

Saturday, October 21: Adelphi-
Hofstra — Home 1:00.

Saturday, October 28: Albany
Invitational — Home 1:00.

Frosh

Saturday, October ’7: LeMoyne
invitational — Away 12:00.

Wednesday, October 11: R. P.l.-
Siena — Home 4:00.

Monday, Octoberlo: Cobieskill
A&T — Home 4:00.

Monday, October 23: Adiron-
dack C.C. — Away 4:45.

Saturday, October 28: Albany
invitational -— Home 12:30.

The 1967-1968 edition of Athletic Advisory Board held its first meeting of the 
Friday, Sept. 29, in Education 313. New members from Central Council-juniors Pot

Matteoon and Jim Kahn and sophomore Jim Winslow were introduced to the other, 

members of the ,Board. There is still one junior position open and anyone interested
is urged to fill out an application form in the Student Association Office by Tuesday.
Oct. 10. Applicants will go through a screening process Wednesday, Oct. 11 with the new
member to be chosen that night. The Board meets Thursdays at 12:10 and anyone
applying must have the period free; The Board also needs a senior to fill in for the
first three-quarters in place of the current senior members who are student teaching.
Anyone interested can fill out an application form or contact Don Oppedisano at 406

Stuyvesant Tower (457-7920).

At present there are two faculty members serving on the Board. Dr. Werner asked

ALBANY'S PAUL BRESLIN CLINCIIES THE THIRD SPOT
to be one of SUNYA's first ten finishers in the first ten places.

for the possibility of in-
creasing the number of
faculty members to five
due to the fact that many
times faculty are unable
to attend due to outside ’
commitments. The mem-
bers thought that this
would be very advantage-
ous and names of possible
members were passed on
to Dr. Thorne,

All candidates for freshman
and varsity wrestling will attend
a meeting, Friday, 4 p.m. at the
varsity soccer field. v

An all university tournament
is scheduled for October 7-8.
All interested in participating in
this tennis tournament should
phone the Hamilton Hall desk by
today, 12 p.m.

Division 1 — Freshman of
varsity intercollegiate tennis ex-
perience and qualified faculty.

Division 2 -~ Non-intercollegi-
ate experience.

Division 3 — Freshman who
had inter-scholastic experience.

Division 4 -— Freshman with
no competitive experience.

 

The Management of the Bookstore want
to thank the students for their cooperation in

making the book sale the best yet.

Come as a couple to the Bike Shop
rent one bike - get the other free

located in the basement of the Physics Building

he

Thanks

open from 4 p.m. - sundown weekdays

Sot., Sun. - lO o.m. - ?

State University Bookstore

94:30 Mon. thru Fri.
9" 50".

 

«nu...  H
'HHHH tn

1 t '0“

iii

t it
..ooo~0ollto00iloqpul5lth

 

 

