   
  
 

       
  
  

  
 

   
  

      
  
  
   

    

 

f

 
 
  

 

l

frlday, March ilo,i,l967‘ ,.

 

new  ~ . r
‘ “  Committee commented

We feel the Faculty-Student Committee To End The
War in Vietnam is one ofthe healthiest things that has
"happened to this campus in a long time. Although it
is founded on~a preordainedphilosophy. the Committee
has shown every indication of presenting their argu-
- ments in a responsible and rational way. >
One of the most notable examples of their endeavor Q ' .
to present both sides of the argument is indicated in
the plans they have laid out for workshops which will
begin Monday. The workshops are designed tooperate
on regular schedules and will follow what now seems
to be reliable scheduling. Clearly a large amount of
research has been done in the compilation of a biblio-
graphy which will acquaint participants of the work-
shop with various views and theories on the war. and
thus insure greater benefit from them.
The Vietnam Newsletter also shows a great willing- ,
nose on the part of the Committee to assume respon-

 

 

 *» ‘ pronoun.
’ Echoes Ruin Effect ’

by John Webb

       
   
   
   

      
    

WI ' ,y s -
B u lliam Hudson was correct when he said that the '5
a Room of the Campus Center would not'be de-r ‘
‘ W Li}, tsiirable tfor tatfuture bandconcerts. This wasquite clea‘riy
  - ‘3 - emons re d at Friday’s Po '
~ . ps Concert v
. University Concert Band under Hudson’gideil'letgtiighe
. The acoustics of the room caused echoes and were
«W‘ responsrble for the brass can ‘Tms was ’ In
s . . very we executed
ectlon completely over— until the end when tlle brass section
po\ver}ng the rest of the stood. The process of gettingupwas
band m most of the se_ slow, noisy and not at all neat.
lections This could
_ x I . also Once the
I . ywere standin th 31
a, H have been because of a had to look down atthemuglc, giftingl

I a
V‘ fallure on the part of the the whole number a very sloppy ap-
pearance. Such a move within aband

     
     
     
     
       
  
   

V >
~33}.

.0:

    

     

 

     
     
     
      
     

 

 
   

 

, sibility requiring work. The effort involved in com- , ,
lit:  piling, printing. and financing a weekly newsletter, . . , . , 01:01) :1? adlustlhe‘r D133“ should be rehearsed to precision 50
' shows that the Committee has promise of being much “MERTON OF THE MOVIES" '  ' ' g e Sltuatlon' lllgtplhjlgfsighgllldkkam 531M“ and
now in its final sto ‘ now 9 mus“:

9,5 of Produc'ion win he . A rather ridiculous attem tto so that th
Presented 'o “19 U"" dramatic ﬂopped when a slhrtlirll); straight and 25:35. 5:31 bvfashlllfll 3':

So far the Committee has shown every indication of "m" c°"""”"“Y Mme" 1643 in the Page Hull Auditorium.
(06A  being an organization of positive value to the Univer- "£03331,"igelilnéhfugigﬁhoi lo case. t
sity Community as a whole. We feel that any inter- N 6 ° 9 the o e i "° 1
l p n ng note of in N ti The band 10 k d
ested student could use the information beingdissem-  The ProfeSSI’Onals fem Amhem' A SW“ “renew”; 33?} the” "ewlacmfs :"dvce'lli til-rail:
igmﬁgnwaslg rajtherumonotonous se- “Wee” 0" a “"1019 was enlO'yablo.
r ye ra ler slowly but

' '_ With this as their belief they cannot the War in Vietnam. Anyone lnter- -
Ant. Ant. WW bother to waste the tirrle to refute ested please contact me, Bert De- igafed by the committee' because 0f the nature 0f English Honors P A ' . j
e ” mm m     are ctwn, Entertainment    Exhibit To Feature i

   

One more taelr lol- our eager, overworked guardians; think they can handle it?.... more than a declaration 0f antl'war Sentiment-

 
  
  
    

 

    
     
     
    
    
   
     
    
     
    
    

the senseless arguments of those vorsetz, Stuyvesant Tower, 457-

who support the committee's posl- 7935. Our goal will be an over- mores for the Engush Honor P _
ToRthe Etcllitoréi m In tion. whelming endorsement of fU. S. Because of these rational. thorough and well thought g‘ram are now being acceptedsby 3°, by Douglas Rmhgeb Se] thedlocre Selectlon m . ,
, econ y, am sure, we ve However, these well-meaning policy in Vietnam at the re eren- out as ects of the 1.0 ram we feel the Committee will ' ownsend Rich. Those interested " ec ons from "Fiddler on the A H t
noticed the growing activities ofythe "apathetic" students should give dum on April 13. Let our opponents t I; b ﬁt thp Ugi 1 Community as a whole . . should submit a short letter of ap_ _ I Often think about how long it might take for ROM" fonoweu' This was a mad“   
Albany State Committee to End the heed to the words of Edmond Burke, on the other committee now know no on y ene e n vers W I plicatlonlio him in ﬁll 383 by March fllm critic to go stark I. - . 8‘ 0°” 5919mm Which suffered from ' '
War in Vietnam. In their recent who said, “all that is necessaryfor that they have a fight on their hands. but the whole image often generated by the peace side 15, For those wishing information Sto ed ki ‘ aVlng rnad 1f studdenly they a sloppy initial attack, but picked  
newsletter the committee statedthat the triumph of evil is that good men Bert Devorsetz of the issue Their unwillingnessminvolve themselves about English Honors mere will be PP .ma ng pictures like Richard Brooks! “The up towards the end, and was com-
most studentsareapathetlcaboutthe do nothing," We who support U. s, , ' . . a meeting on Friday March 10 Professmnals‘n For, after long and hard k f pletely saved by the delightful per_ . A series of twelve paintings do-
war. On the other hand,lbelievethat policy in 'Vietnam must no longer Immediately “1 a series 0f marCheSr Clrc‘ﬂate only 1:30 in Hu 254. ' v ’ looking at and reporting on those ve d wee S 0 I($151le parts played so well by Ira {lictinlgu ‘gGre’a’t Moments in Amer.

_ ' ' _ , _ can 5 or ill
i“.iii.°§$3§li°25ii8illt;“§3§f&"h  | is material favorable mthelroranm  macmprehensiue pseudosneue m? eepandven er handles"
0 e comm Be we“ 9 0 arm teric group WhiCh remains 3100f from Other groups, ring“: thany fmtsmiUte 0‘ humor}, the life Of some tortured i it flaunts through Leroy Anderson's "Bu 1 I H 1 20 The paintings comprise Humble
r , now ea ur ng a co ection neo—rea is c aracter in the 1 g er s o - '
dai’" is a selection which is tried on and Reﬁning company’s "Wel-

         

the United States Government to stop a counter-committee to be knownas

 
 

all seem to us indications of the committees worth. , ,
of Patroon paintings is located at throws of malaise, It is good to give your mind a rest by every high School and college ing collection which features the

       
   

the spreadofcommunlst aggression. the Albany State Committee to Win Education
March 13- Arlington CentralSchool 125 Washington Ave and is o
. pen - . '

  A  SCh°°llL°Vm°Wn=Hm' It has already fostered campus controversy. as daily (except Monday) from 10 a.m. :1 n.d let a g°°d “no” pleture unpretentIOUSIY enlﬁr- gmup having “ “31"an decent  ohllle artlrsm'nomrmccm'
I ings-on-Hudson, New indicated by a newly formed Albany State Committee to 4:45 p.m., Sundays 1mm 245mm. am you. to bring back his kidnapped wife trumpet section, but is one which S Bl: 5s";i enneth Riley, Sam

york Puma Library t Wi Th W ' Vi tn -'th 1 d d A °“°'"“‘“ 5h°w featuring H. Not since the phenom- fromaMexlcan bandit in theAmer- requl'es skl“and Precisionfarbet- ' 95 a“ my “derm-

. . . March 14-Roslyn, N.Y.; Gouver- o n e ar in e am, i as a rea y serve as Donald White will be seen at the enauy successful Th fcan Southwest at the turn of the t" than many Emu” have“ 0"”-

er  o  “9‘1": N-Y-l Deer Park, a catalyst to get the doves together to campaign 1305— Institute beginning on March 15. . . e century. 0 b one Series marks the Progressm
L'l'; vermn'vemm' itivel for 0 nd to t the la out of an until Magmflcent Seven" With Fac d “r and is no exception“ This communlcmo'“ “S” “Me‘sw
. Shem“; Lyons Fan, y pea e, a ge g 0 . Porgy and Bess Yul Brynner and Ste M m 9 “With overwhelming odds, piece needs a sharp quick tempo, Welcomes the First OverlandMaih.
‘ Ve 0- 910‘" Professionals," all wear- but Hudson, probably for the sake and "TalkingWires Take Over From

     
  
  
    
 
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
     
  
  
   
  
  
    
     
   
    
   
  
   
    
  
   
    
   
  
     
   

South Lewis now extremel silent right. For aid .
r y 83’ l Bess Will play at the Queen has an actlon pic- 1'18 Perfect poker faces and barely Of the soloists, had to slow it down. the Pony EXpress" and a second

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
      

   
  

    
     
  

 

    

 

  

 

    
   
 
 
    
  
  
  
   

 

   
   
  

            

 

 

    

 

  
  

    

        
  

 
    
    
  
  

 

by Pol" Pollak organization depended entirely on March 15 Chap “am t h
secretly given CIA funds. ' PM 95 C 95- , Palace Theatre Tuesday March 14 swam
Shortly beforetheendahny senior In addition, nsn representatives March 15 - Chappaq‘“ (WealChes' There is no longer need for any student to be un- 3‘ “=30 P-"'- Tickets aire, on sale at ture as 300d 35 “The Pro- rescuenisalfﬁ°fvgﬁﬂoﬁ"§,3‘9 ‘g’hme  ‘12:“; “1”?” was "0‘ Please: 31%;“ “‘9 wesl‘md M°Vementwlth
year at Oberlin College, 1 asked a to international meetings or reci- '9’); GreenW‘Chu 00"” i f d d bl “The Shop," 125 Washington Ave. fessionals” come alon raisin in re mr' 0 S s rUShed ahead 0’ 8 Lancaster Tumplke Opens *0
classmate what his plans were after plants of overseas scholarships Rush-Henrietta (Mon- n orme ' Bin ame the rest of the campus for not daily ’mm 1" a-m' *0 4 P-m-y Sun- Aside fr f ' g. Nolgsirl’f:l a'PIlllAm. socm' the band throughout u was a good Trafﬁc” and “nmmmlgrannr‘un
Brad'uation. He told me that he was from NSA-ClA related foundations F08) providing hlB mental stimulation. If they want to they 2-5 p.m. d, or“ a 8W bits of have so {ewemen seggéﬂscsnt Seven" allempl. Arrives at Fort Laramie.”
running for a national officegi‘the) were toften {expectodttg bting gack General can take advantage of the committee’s work without A R I I E h mime—store psy°h°1°gy of themselves in the “3523 Brilliantly Executed Pl
National student Ass'ociatlon SA repor s on ore gn s an as are h 13 _ N. y. T816 hone c°_ rt 89 onu x lbitlon rown in noW and then man «b d_ ,, eco Another group of these ainti
and added that this would give him to aid the CM "0"" a" “hermit”  14 - Rochesterp Gas and committing themselves as a member' Em” “3"‘(5 are now being made “The Professional M f. Eunsyare horghllhsz'ln Even When their 0  hslilfcuons mm “mm” depict the invention of tile "13::
a mm demmem. I to Commumsmu in theThirdWorld. Elecmc, Mlstatemsub Besides the tremendous amount of work and effort available for the Third-second An- f S o _ are not creating he? ell" Whenmey t: tl rd ism” and comm“ we” HWSB" and the "Flying Machine "
Ed Schwartz, President of the When theNSA President whoeven- me ’ provided by the Committee there has been a remark- ""81 Regional Exhibition by Artists ers “o'message- cinniing to watch 06' ey arms" son I:  he "mum" WW A" “em Perhaps somewhatrespoh-
Oberlin class 011985, columnisttor tually broke the chain of secrecy able surge in student involvement in Vietnam b th of the upper Hudson Valley. Any It is simply an action picture and The only drawback 1 u andgam 5 very smooth and neat' Slble mr "we" 0‘ the blOOdShed in
. the College Press Service, and NSA began to rebel against the ten-year yo er artist reslding within a 100 mile them" “65 “5 beauty' The “1'”: writer's timid abs 51 m Empt- l k d laugh some at the “"35 the Indian Wars marks the opening
national nUnirs vice-president, old policy of consulting the cm on organizations. radius ofAlDanywlloisovereighteen We“ 5”” Bu” Lancaster: Lee 1n a few profound cselsl 0" to we" dac e i Draper Interpretation' the M the "Cher°k9° °““°"' ‘0 White
plum Wm, Ramparts magnum International programs, he foul‘d O . yea]: of age ,5 enable to enter two gji‘dvlllkl l’iobert Ryan and Claudia and then, '41 ements now . ligglznsgss wegzlgggg. “st d settlement.
against publication of the story an several foundations reluctant to pay 0 wor s in the Show, '1‘ ll 9 s Inamary glands tells , am an .
the NS” commons Wm theeem NSA bms.   Forum of Politics will present Harrison Salisbury, Acceptable media are BUS, water the story of a band of four' men, Later in the film, Burt and Jack Smpes “lever” closed the con- The signing of the LouisianaPur.
tral Intelligence Agency. It was this NSA's President's er. the second in a serlGB Of lectures designed to present colors, acrylic and related palms each of a specialist with one kind Palailce conduct an existential dis- chase and the discoveryofthe Grand
Nonetheless, the story came out forts :0 regain lndependencethatled various views on the Vietnam situation Sunday night. founcnes‘ pasms'dmwmgs and C01" “weapon. “mad by am“ American gussmn While menng around the MERTON OF THE MOVIES canyon as we“ as the “whoring °’
in Ramparts’ March issue alter to a ocrease in cm support last by Martin 5 h o 3895- 9561‘! rocks waiting to blow each Captain Gray in the Col
"SA had made public disavow“ year, no, the m, that the "SA had = W 1 CSitudents for a Democratic Society has more than A n . other's head om Tick”, new on depicted in other paintingglllrld 
go minimize the “mm. 51,,“ the ﬁnally achieved a strong ﬁnancial uwmm the sick man has “co oubled their supply of reprints of articles on Viet- y    “The Professionals" may now,“ collection is completed by (WOWOrks,
itiioclosgre, several congentators 13:139. as Ewezen states in his CPS there is hope." ' mm and has been running a literature table in the l 3”!” awards 3' {o’elgn mm festivals SALE :35“ 0“ fam‘ms quotations. “We
rom ames Reston ew York 5 01'Y- H1 aerate I I . ls year and I would be most sur- ave Met the Enemy and The A
Tm") to Bob Ewes“, column!“ in: 8 Campus Center with remarkable regularity. Cen—   ' prised if it did. [t is not that type of Ours" and "The Fate of a filling:
{or we College press Saucemsp' may 5pm Recent rum” 1 have heard, tral Council will hold a referendum sometime in  n  film, not a “think-picture.” in the un- . T, Was Riding That Night."
March a), have defended us,” ac- Neither Reston nor Ewegencaued MYSKANIA will hold meetings mid-April to determine student opinion of the war. 11 Elli x r It 15 instead, an “emotions-pic. "WSW leurre
mm” while condemning the cm glr fundamental reform of NSA. lhlshyear. Y 5 °“ "‘°" Seasons" ture," a fun him, if you will. It is B x an d P
and those few NEAofﬂcergwhoknew evertheless the National Student T a rest of Central Council will ‘ , part of a dying breed reminisce t 0 OFFICE B T l
of the secret arran ement. Association has some fish erous grow up and act like Young adults Between the efforts of the Committee and the ef— He‘ewml “9 some oltllenomfnn- 1 Supporting Actor of cinema at its earn’eS, w“ n 0 a
g g ' tlons made b ll A u r 9‘1""?
D " tweak gag in its organization. The ntﬁaslid I i d J h T forts of other campus organizations, we expect to tlon Picture XrtSIancgglzehIZeOIfn/IO- yaamkgsmmsand {19""ifg" mﬂvm house was “me ”°' °’ 1‘" HU I40 t x ’67
I cranes in Dopartmonte a on onzresslacksdemocratlc y 0 ran 0 n . Garry ll ‘ . ‘ 3 mm “5°” " em'el Girl" 18 actual ferment but of emotional A E P
The” commentators conclude comm, om international “awn” Mbany D’A' Wm be awarded and see a positive improvement in student willingness to I O smgnglnwiuch‘ lhememhershlp will Walter Mutillau in “The Forwne release-wt fantasy and excitement. _ 0
that nan must be given support“, that are being carried out in us honorary degree by the school of express. or at least formulate their views on the also,“ 3 Wll'lels- These will be Cookie" _ , Th U
continue their programs. However name. Criminal Justice-"oi the Univer- Vietnam War, 10 r 5'3 0"“ ABC WOW-910" April George Seam In "Virginia Woolf" ‘ e “lVBI‘SllY Concert Band un-
it was not to discredltNSAtoAmer.‘ The CIA fin espionage agency my “Mlsslsslppl' iul “lam the Santa MOM” "WHO"- Rol’e“ Shaw in "A Man for All lier the direcuon 0‘ wuuam Hudson
loan cone“ students mm Ramparts operwonwly free from [my demm Cam.“ Council Wm prom legal  emng ob Hope will ngulufunctlon as Seasons" vjrlléeenFlAllvlteI-‘fji to Perform at the
{ﬂushing its story. lt was topointout cratic controls, was able (0 mm, Sfetc‘edent Iby tpainstngj to‘ the yin- any Student Press I. ' Best Performance by an AClross next Sesp‘emgér xg‘rgeywllllllbggntt’fgnl
9 Bronco between NSA's na- irate the student or anlzation ulte c Vet 5‘" '53 9 r mm“ “'9 . Anouk Aimee for “A M ' e
tional and international depart. “guy because u licked “Hagen, behavior recently exhibited by The ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6 "Mug?" P'C'U'e °l'h" YW’ woman” a" and a syllel Vl'eellllaibrlf‘lhgrglafiiesfobemg and
"um"- support for ambitious international U' S: “W59 0’ Represeumlves' . “A Man for all Sea-ions" ‘ma Kmmnsm {or "The 5’10“ Oil Among the selections chills lla¥s.
The National Congress ofNSAhas activities. Kl}, Wm “Mun” “5 “‘3‘” "mm ~ l IV THE CLASS 0F "19 V “The nussmns mie Cum,“ T, Mm" 51°91" presentation at that “me are gust”
noted independently and had taken Rather thanautomatlcallyendors- ‘5 Th°,,"°m9 0‘ Male Palm" ‘ Russians are pom“, rr 3' ‘e 14"” “edHl‘HVO for “Georgy Girl" Molst's “First Suite in a Fl ta"f
liberal and even-left liberal stands those activities, as Restonand Ewe- Baldneﬂ' will“, sand pebblésn g YWBSSH Redgrave for "Morgan" "Festive Ovemmmn by Show?“
auchas early support of the student gen have done, and find new re- Th“ “53””! “W” “A” may h°m° “who's Mde of VI. , ,, [illzabelh Taylor for "Virginia mm and «Chorale and A“ 1 l r:
Nomwolem erdlnlun‘ Comm“. sources NSA might examme the games at Cooperstown (“is only an The Albany Student Frau II o lent-weekly "Illpipl' published by the Sludeny lglllirl Woolf Woolf" e u a
he and criticism anal-“idem Jam“ brand 0'! mu 0 u 1 m t l d hour away» noel-tier- el the State Untveulry at New Veri- at Albany, rh- Asp gm", lo. . . a” H A by Howard Mason.
“our, Douay m Vietnam 'c mm n 3’“ 3 9 mnnnce Committee will abscond at“ ln Room I“ at the Cor-your Center at 1223 Weltern Avenue. to open horn ' 3"“ F°'°'9" LWUUDM Film , pm" "9 “'9” A150 to be featured is Leroy An-
: I its leaders tosacrific political mor- I-II- '- llIW r-M- Send-r rim: Thur-dry «loin or my he noel: a by dl u "The Battle 0! Algicl' r" “my Bum” 1" "Villa’an W001i" ' dersm‘" “Bugler's HOWE " 10'
"afﬁrmﬁgmw: hgl’ther lifvﬁhoral, ality andpérsonal integrity. x13! ézznzemﬁlﬂoﬂviurgll‘? ’22:;- 5mm; mam. I e n! umves or 3 Emma” 5 Wendy lliller in “Men for all Sea- three trio trumpets and banli Th;
B w as on There is the atrilrin parallel in - "A sons" ‘-
the international aldedtwaathrough the NHA-CIA case thflt the fervid A V°"““'“°" dl““""°"°d l“ 0"" mama" DWL” '"" 5"“ K'TTSLEV “lull-ml" “lid a woman" Joycelyn La nme in nu rr band was chose" from m" "m"
, c .5“, 4 I“, , ldfuall 8 wall which applied on the basis of a tape
"BM international staff that the anti-communism which led the °If lge potholes trying to get into o m n - “TN” Vivian Merchant in "Allis" or ns performance sent to was“.
CM holpod Plan programs, used a Eisenhower Administration to com- l ° °l°mu 0"“. U94: 3-1-- A... 54..., Geraldine Page in “You're a lilg ington, D.c. The salesmen also
yummy-check system on students, mil itself to 3 nautical dictator in “Ts” “"1 “MW” “5 “W "‘°“° :3, g... Samurai.- Buy Now" chosen ,n U“, way w," be glean a,
533:3“!1'33’ .3318; ll" goﬂlm Vietnam Illlll'lmtadmzlSAl leaders to mﬁ°aawt a" a“ 3"“ 0‘ mi I"... (mi-.. . ‘ “' ‘umﬁla'ulw Bast Portormancu by on An," ass, Dlmcm the Exposition at the same time.
ou a one comprorn ee C A. ' Jamil...” v new Man Mk“, {or “T, H M I,
from1902.1964 Russell sage College will my. 9., h  I Pliers." w... to Russians are iLlelangalo Antonlclll for “mow
n There is also an element of 1983 noun“ me mm 0‘ I “emporium my. Viag- .   n... Owning, The Russians are Com. Up"
doublethinlr in the NSAI luatitica Ne r0” to m I 09 a h 1....“ m , TWhnlcel Sunnis “'8 Claude La Louclle for “A Man nd P
M the :géfwl‘l'afu Am ‘ “o” 9' W‘P“ 0’" CM Midi l0 PW' "gum. “ “Sexemmorn “no ' ‘" "mmnkmm. M" h uh “ ' m. ‘ null-curl" Hit Richard Burton for "Who's Afraid a Woman" 3 ' ‘ ' v ‘ ‘ C RlMER
- l , C" I u .
I ‘ , me new mote the free world in inter 7 OF T“ wwxmowmuum Hotter“ mm 5. limited lo loo :m: :rr'd'ozrr‘umuet.b'e u u. c... of Virginia Woolfn Fred Amman" [0,. «A Mm, (0.- EDITORIAL STAFF of llIO now m "I," on" W“ ,, c ontrlbunonsnow
Mon I criticim the we for its national etwlent rules The taint n. - un- . m n. Mi 0 r onto"
9° - u h rr mu m or sud-m Hen "Why" no no elNllr r "" l “haelcalll0l01'"Aliie" All Seasons" mm "in m, a G My, ' beln acce r d H}.
dtvlndence on Communist govern- in perth too strong to wash of: "3 l“ "W: l’ NOV. toluene and cumnlccrm. a. .Mﬂmm “rapture.” around In lie sieve McQueen {or «T, 5 mchard B 00k { ,, °' “ 0 0 era (second hour right) over material 9 p,“ a 9
menu, mow moi-mm “mm a” MM. 0‘ mm» .  :Ipable 0! more than uric-u... , no nun-wily rolled “85,, la and Pob- 51cumsnr s or The Profos- sub'r‘nlllod'l'ar publlcation. Miss Goldberg said the lint mogul". lnlormailon Desk
y ' Lind  ,and is already accepting contribution! tor the sec. of ill! Campus Center

 

 

         

 

  

 

Paul“ Scaffold for “A Man for A“ Mike Nichols for “Virginia Woolf"

  

