 

 

 

Tuesday, May  "GD

 

 

in the Albany-RH contest.

DANE SECOND BASIMN Peal Leenettl legeieut e beee hit

  
 

 

The Great Dane baseball squad took 2_ of 3
7 end and thus upped their recordto 4-5. On F
"burgh 8-7. and then they split a
38-2 count, but dropping the secon
Danes attack on Plattsburgh. while Cas Galka’
- Danes win in the Potsdam opener.

Marley and Sinnott com-

bined to give the Danes a
quick 2-0 lead in the Platts—
burgh encounter.
first, Muriey singled and
Sinnott tripled. and in the
third Morley singled took
second on a wild pitch and
scored on Sinnott’s single.

In the

Plattsburgh got to Albany starter

Tom Egleston in the fourth though,
and five runs crossed the plate be-
fore Tom Piotrowskl came on to put

 Net Team Loses AtPlattsburgh,
Beats PotsdamTo Complete Trip

The Albany State varsity tennis team traveled
this weekend with mixed results. Accompanying th
the netters lost their first ma

two-day trip,

courts on Friday, 7-2, but stormed back
the Plattsburgh score, upon first glance,

were closely contested.
Sophomore McDermott,
playing in the firstposition.
lost 6-1, 6-1. Senior Ken
Zacharias won easilyK to
even the game score at
that point. Playing in the
ér‘third spot, Marty Bergen
encountered the toughest
competition of the match.

Alter losing his first set, 6-0,
Marty came back to win the second
set closely, 7-5, and easily won
the third, 6-3. Bergen's counter-

 

by Jim Winslow

part used an overpowering serve
to run Marty into the ground. Ber-
gen developed such a bad case of
blisters that he was ineffective in
his doubles match and was unable
to compete at Potsdam the follow-
ing day.

Tom Walencik lost a three-set
heartbreaker in the number four
singles. After splitting the first
two sets, Tom was leading the
third, 4-0, when his opponentcaught
fire and won the next six games to
take the deciding set, 6-4. Guy
Nicosia lost in two long sets, 6-4,
’1-5. Darrell Carp lost in the num-
ber six singles and all the doubles
hams lost as well.

    

{iiilii

‘VIr telw «1 "quire-Ivy

 

DON BEIVERS (left) and Mike Atwell typify the drive and de-

sire Coach Keith Manny's track club during a recent practice.

tch of the season on
to outclass Potsdam State, 9~0. Although
appears one-sided, most of the matches

 

 

STATE.
UNHVERSHTY

BARBER SHGP

Located in the Basement of the Campus Center

Hours: Tues-Sat. 8:30 ant-5:00 pm.

 

 

to Plattsburgh and Potsdam
e Dane baseball team on the

the Plattsburgh

At Potsdam, the team faired much
better. Ron McDermott easily beat
his opponent, 6-2, 6-2. Zack wonthe
number two singles, and Tom Walen-
cik won the third spot.

Guy Nicosia, playing in Marty
Bergen's position, also won easily.
Darrell Carp, although playing un-
der par, won, and soph Al Tepper-
berg took over the number six spot
and was victorious.

The doubles combinations of Me-
Dermott-Zacharias, Walenclk-Carp
and Tepperberg-(Dave) Hunter won
easily.

State’s netmen will entertain RPI
tomorrow at 3:30 on the Dutch Quad
courts in the first home match of
the year. State has never beaten
the Engineers.

500 Attend Talbert
Cranis Tennis Clinic

by Chri 5 Robinson

Albany Women’s Tennis Team
“onscred an exciting Tennis Clinic
April 2'? which featpred a demon-
mation by a famous Davis Cup
Double’s winner, Billy Talbert who
Iliad his exhibition "Tennis-The
hr! of a Lifetime."

A crowd of 500 students and fac-
ﬂty members listened as Mr. Tal-
bert and his partner, Paul Cranis
demonstrated that playing tennis is
so easy as throwing a baseball.
Displaying the effortless style and
skill that earned him the Davis Cup
for three successive years, Mr.
Talbert emphasized that simplicity
is the keynote of a good game.

When questioned about his short
service motion, Mr. Talbert ex-
plained that those motions Were
actually a remainder of his child-
hood when he overcame diabetes by
playing tennis.

The Women's Tennis Team has
also been successful as it defeated
its first opponent Mohawk Valley
on April 20, 4-2. Leading the team
in singles were Barbara Masher,
Sandi Swann, Fran Litz, and Steph—
anie LeFever while the doubles
victory was scored by Chris Rob-

inson and Sue Emborsky. Sherman

Hanan and Gail Knetzer were de—

The team’s other matches were
canceled due to the weather but hopes
to be able to play its remaining
matches with Sprinmlm Bard Col.
lege, New Pails, and Oneonte State.

 

by Dunc Nixon

twin bill with

out the fire. However, the Great Dane
quickly regained the lead with 4 in
the fifth.

Bob Lowell reached on an error,
Piotrowski walked, and Paul Leon-
etti’s double scored one. Morley
then followed with a two run single
and he came all the way around on
throwing errors to give the Great
Danes a 6-6 advantage.

Albany upped its lead to 3 in. the
sixth when they combined Gary Tor-
ino’s single, two walks, a passed
ball, and Murley's squeeze bunt for
2 runs. Plattsburgh came back with
2 in the seventh to make it 8-7, but
the Great Danes held on for the win.

The Great Danes took the opener
at Potsdam on the strong throwing
Galka and a weak Potsdam second-
baseman. Galka, who gained his
second victory against one defeat,
yielded a mere 4 hits and l earned
while registering 9 strikeouts,
to up his Strikeout total to 29 in 24
i

'1
I:
.?

  

» “was .- ._-—?-.~rr A

RAY MCCLOAT,

the green in the Utica match.

linksters Drop

     
 
   
  
 
  
 
  

"on 8-7-
; 3-2. 

 

on a Northern swing over the week-
riday. the Albany nine edged Platts-
Potsdam. taking the first game by we)
d 6-1. Jim 'Murley and Jack Sinnott led the Great
‘ s hurling was the big factor in the

Albany scored first when Leonetti
opened the game with a walk, took
third on a wild pick-off throw, and
scored when the second baseman
threw wild to the plate on Muriey's
grounder.

Potsdam tied it up in their half
of the first on a walk, a double, and
an error, and went ahead in the
third on a single 'a stolen base, and
another single.

But Albany got both runs back in
the fourth when Murley walked,
Sinnott singled, both moved up on
a wild pitch, and Andy Christian
grounded to the second-baseman,
who promptly let loose with'another
wild throw to the plate, allowing
both Murley and Sinnott to score.
That was all the help Galka needed
as he shut Potsdam do n the rest
of the way.

in the second game Potsdam ex-
ploded for six runs on three hits in
the second inning.

 

junior linker. blasts lrom the sand trap onto

Two Matches,

Then Beat New Paltr, 6—3

by Everett

Colman

The Albany State linksmen lost to Hamilton by
four points last Wednesday, April 26. On Thursday,
the Danes were defeated by LeMoyne, but on Friday,

the team won its first match of the year in an en-

counter with New Paltz that was held at the Wyli—

wyck Golf‘Course in Kingston.

Wednesday’s encounter
was the second match ‘of
the year and was the Danes’
first loss.
the contest was Hamilton.
6 1/2, Albany 21/2.

Play took place for the first time
this season at the Normanside Coun-
try Club in Delmar, where all home
matches are held. State's loss to
Hamilton showed the ieam'sinex~
parlance. With no seniors on the
squad, the linksters are atadefiniie
disadvantage.

Although none oi the Danes scored
in the 10’s, all the individual matches
were close.

Thursday's match against Le-
Moyne was held away at Syracuse.
The result was 6-1 victory for Le-
Moyne. Ray McCioat, aiunior, and
Craig Luihor, a Junior transfer from

v Delhi Tech, both shot 76's.

Pete Ferguson, asophomore, shot
an BO and lost his match as did Lu—
thor. However, McCloat won.

The score of.

The tide changed on l-‘riday, April
28, when the State linksters won
their first match of the season with
a 6—3 victory over New Paltz.

Although Craig Luthor shot an
impressive '78, he lost his thatch.
Brian liill, a sophomore, however,
scored an ill and beat his opponent.

Coach Richard "Doc" Sauers
feels that the team does not have
enough experience. in fact, at a re-
cent interview, the coach explained,.
that "all of our matches have had
close individual scores althoughthis
is not indicated in the final score.”

He then went on to say that,
“There are no seniors onthis year's
squad. l'm sure with a bit more ex-
perience the team could do much
better.”

Tomorrow, the linksmen willpar-
iicipate in the mostlmportantmatch
of the season, the Capital City Golf
Tournament held at the McGregor
Golf Club in Saratoga Springs.

The teams entered are Hudson.
Valley Community College (defend-
ing chunpion), Plattsburgh State,
Blane, R.P.l. and Allan Stile.

 
 
  

six-1.53;, A

 

 

l)

 

 

HOW WILL,
THE .
STATE FAIR?

 

,

 

 

AL BA NY, NEW YORK

*FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1967

VOL. Llli, NO. 21

Referral Demands Invalidation Of All ‘67 Elections

Students To Present Referral.
0n Electrons To Supreme Court

Eyidence points to the fact that William Cleveland, President of the Student
Association, at one time harbored the intention of stuffing the ballot boxes in the
MYSKANIA and class office election held Mar. 1-3.

On Feb. 27 Vincent Abramo, Vice President of the Student Association, found
over 150 marked ballots in the drawer of Cleveland’s desk in the Student Associa-
tion office. The ballots. all which bore Cleveland’s name were marked in different

 

ACTIVE IN PLANNING events of Campus Carnival Week are,
Joe Zonca, Sharon Toback, and Jim Small. Tonight the "Kit-

Sink" will beheld at 8:00 p.m. in LR 1.

'Kitchen Sink’Begins Weekend
Oi Campus Carnival Events

“Kitchen Sink” tonight completes
a week of fund raising for Campus
Carnival and begins a weekend of
fun raising. The nameltselfis fairly
descriptive of what this night will
contain; everything but the kitchen
sink and maybe that too according
to Sharon Toback and Joe McCul-
laugh, Campus Carnival co—chair-
men.

The event will start in Lecture
Room 1 at 8 p.1n. During the course
of the evening, mixed with regular
dancing, there will bean assortment
of contests, _

For the fast dance fans,there will
be a fifteen minute marathon, fif-
teen minutes of superspeed non-
stop gyratlonai music intended to
test the stamina of any accomplished
dancer. For those who like group
singing, there will be a barber shop
quartet contest.

Four people, chosen at random
fronl the audience, will be provided
with the words to anold-iime favor-
ite (like Harvest Moon), a safety-
razor, and a balloon covered with
shaving cream; the idea being to
shove the balloon while singing the
song.

Another group sing is the srng
down. in it the chosen groups will
have to write down and singtho first
few lilies of songs containing award
chosen by the judges. For relaxa-

Iedloe Educator
To Speak Today"

Suraj llhan, Vice-Chancellor of
Punjab University, will speak to-
day on "Emerging Patterns ofliigh-
er Education in India,” at 1:30 in
the Assembly Hall of the Campus
Center. The lecture is sponsored
by Forum of Politics.

Bhan is especially interested in
student involvement in Democratic
indie. He has written several books,
and travelled in England and durum,

tion, and the revival of high school
memories, there will be a few of
the old fun dances like the Alley
Cat and the Mexican Hat Dance.

At some point during the mix-
ture, Albany’s Auctioneer will auc-
tion off a surprise package.

At midnight, the dance proper
will end, but not the kitchen sind
itself. Everybody will than join in
a protest march to the site of the

'lndian Quad (make the signs and

bring or wear them to the dance).
Protests of anything can be made.

After arriving at the bonfire,
protest signs may be thrown into
the bonfire which will be blazing
at the quad site. There will be a
hootenanny at the fireside, which
will last until everyone leaves.

There will be a 759‘ admission
charge to the mixture in the lee-
ture room, and everybody is urged
to come in costume which is as they
think n University student should
ress.

Discussion 0n Sartre
Tonight’s Eye Feaiur

Tonight’s Golden Eye program
will feature an all faculty panel
discussing the ethics of existential-
ist of Jean Paul Sartre.

Appearing on the panel will be
Dr. Morris Berger, who formerly
taught a course in existentialism
at the University; Dr. William Leuo,
of the philosophy department, and
also Dr. Harold Morick of the phil-
osophy department.

Reverend Frank Show will mod-
erate the discussion which will use
Sartr’e's essay “Existentialism as
a Humanism" as a startingpolni
for discusoion.

The Eye will begin at 0:00 p.m.
in the basement of the Madison

Avenue Presbyterian Church.
 This will. probably be the last
pliye'of Monsoon.

ink, and in different man-

here;

Cleveland was informed last night

some ballots bore that this case was being taken tothe

checks for other candi_ Supreme Court. Constance Moquist,

'dates.

Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
now has the referral submitted by

At the time Abramo re- Schwartz, Upham and Schnitzer.‘l‘he

court will review the referral Mon- '

ported the findings of the ballots to day night. Three judges must rule

Neil Brown, the Director for Stu-
dent Activities; Clifton Thorne, the
Vice President for Student Affairs,
Margaret Dunlap, and Kileen Tracy,
who was at that time election com-
missioner.

In a meeting on the situation at-
tended by Thorne, Brown, Abramo,
and Miss Tracy, Brown and Thorne
stated they would intervene on the
situation only if requested as it was
a matter to be handled by student
groups.

They offered as advice a sugges-
tion for a direct confrontation with
Cleveland in Thorne’s office.

Abramo decided to confront
Cleveland privately, and in the pre-
sence of Tracy, Cleveland admitted
marking the ballots.

Later Cleveland admitted marking
the ballots to Brown, statingthat the
action was unpremeditated, and no
one had acted with him.

He also stated that he had decided
subsequently not to use the ballots.

At the time Cleveland stated he
had originally considered the ballot
stuffing in retaliation to the dirty
campaign being waged upon him by
his opposers.

‘ At that time there was no further
investigation into the matter and
elections went off according to
schedule; no accusations were made
public.

The ballots which were turned
over to Thorne were destroyed.

The above 'facts were madepublic
last night in a referral for action
to the Supreme Court submitted by
Martin Schwar.z, Doug Upham, and
Klaus Schnitzer. They and several
others discussed plans of action,
talked with Cleveland, Thorne,
Brown, Tracy and Dunlap to as-
certain the facts uhd opinions of
those involved.

After several days Schwartz, Up—
ham and Schnitzer derided to take
the matter to Supreme Court to have
them judge the evidence instead of
taking all action into their own hands.
During this time ofdccisiun,Thorne
stated that the administration would
intervene i’ asked but not until.

Raffle To Award
‘A’ In Any Course

Delta Sigma Pi, the international
business fraternity, has announced
plans to hold a raffle to raise funds
for the Student AmbaSSador pro-
gram. The event is in conjunction
with University officials oncampus.

The committee has decided, after
considerable deliberation, that the
prize shall be an A in any course of
the winner's choosing.

Tickets for the event will be on
safe during state Fair at the Delta
Sigma Pi booth and the winner will
be announced at 4 o'clock. ‘

that the matter is worthy of a court
trial before it actually becomes one
and the defendant and plaintiff are
heard. .

The election irregularity in-
volving Cleveland was not the only
thing named in the referral.
Schwartz, Upham and Schnitzer
charge that the constitution of the
Student Association calls for.
"proper and just Student Associa-

invalldation of the MYSKANIA and
class office elections held March 1,
2 and 3, the Central Council and
Living Area Affairs Commission
elections held April 25, 26, 2'1 and
28 and the election for Central
Council Vice-President on March
30, 1967.

The referral states that these
re-elections would be run by the
1966-67 MYSKANIA or Supreme
Court to make sure they‘re done
properly.

Some of the things listed in the
referral which call for the invalida-
tion of the elections are the place,
poor supervision of elections by
election commission, and no check-
ing of candidates qualifications be-

tion elections."
In their referral they call for the

Election Referral

The following excerpts from the tion Commission may have access
referral presented to the Supreme to the ballots for any purpose until
Court by Martin Schwartz, 1967; after the results are announced
Douglas Upham, 1967; and Klaus unless Supreme Court declares the.
Schnitzer, 1967: on May a, 1967: election Invalid"

CHANGES ADVOCATED By “We would also like toseeacom-
pETITloNER5: plete investigation of the proceed-
uOn the basjs of the evidence ings in the March election toascer-
attached to this referral, we would tam "‘9 ""9 {30‘s 35 to What did
like to see the following elections or did "0‘ happen- The lads W8
declared invalid: The MYSKANIA Stale we Are sure are true."
and class officers elections held on CHARGES OF IRREGULARITY:
March 1, 2 and 3, 1967; the Central 9. "On April 30, Central Coun-
Council and Living Area Affairs cil elected their new President and
Commission elections held April 25, Vice President. In the election for
26, 27 and 28, 1967; the election of Vice President, all candidates op-
ihe Central Council Vice President Dosing Jeffrey Mlshkln Withdraw
on April 30, 1967. following the second ballot. There-

"These elections would be re- after several people expressed a
run under the supervision of the desire to abstain from voting and
Supreme Court or MYSKANIA to thus keep Mishkin from being
insure that they are run accurately elected. 19 votes were needed to
and honestly. The MYSKANIA that elect him by the Constitution, and
would insure this would be the out. the abstention of those originally
going 1966-67 MYSKANIA, opposed to Mishkin would have

"Further, steps must be taken blocked ills election.
to insure that this type of slop. “At tilts Powhmembel‘swel‘etfﬂd
piness and dishonesty never hap- that due to Central Council Prece-
pens again. This would involve an dent, any abstentions would be
Election Commissioner who is not counted as votes for Mishkin. This
a member of Central Council and is in direct violation for precedent
preferably not a member of aGreek made by Cenll‘al Comic“ 80d COH-
organization. The staff of the Com— tained in Robert's Rules of Order,
mission would be made up of sim- and Vincent Abramo, who was run-
llar people. ning the meeting should have made

"This staff, under the direction this clear.
of the Commissioner, and respon— “A hand vote was then taken and
sible for their actions to Central the total vote for Mishkih was 18.
Council, would have the following In spite of this, Abramo declared
duties: Mlshkin the new Vice-President, in

“1. To distribute and gather the direct violation ofthe Constitution,”
self-nomination forms and to as- 4. “in the election oprrllZﬁ-ZB,
certain that those nominated were there was no effort by Tom Marlo
qualified for the office to whichthey to ascertain the eligibility of the
nominate themselves. candidates. After elections began,

"2. To mlmcograpll and retain it was discovered flint Joseph Zancu,
possession of the ballots untilvoting a candidate for Central Council, had
begins. ‘ not paid his student tax, and was

"3. To be the only ones who may therefore ineligible.
pass out and collect ballots at the ' "lime was "0559“ 0“ “19
time of the voting, and to retain WW "‘0’" "‘9 36-23 in “19 Sill-

fore placing them on the ballots.

control of the ballots already marked
until personally given to the Com-
missioner or his appointed place.

"4. To tabulate the ballots hon-
estly and to make such tabulations

dent Association office”. and co-
casionally in other places. On April
26 it was discovered that Josephine
Fasolo.,.did not have a 2.0 clunu.
lative average, and therefore was

ineligible. Her name was thereafter

known to no-ane until the time that
crossed off the ballots, except in

results are announced at inaugura—
tion Dav.
“5. tic-one butamember 9! Ellen. “will” “with”! l i‘

  

      

 

"19 all“??? "805 “tannins!” “irriw'

 
 
  

    
  
    
  
  
  

   
 
   
     
     

