   
  
 
  

 
 
  
  

   

 

 

 

 

m

 

 

acioo‘o‘o

pennant-nudism-

 

was <

' ‘-'~ ‘-‘».q..'ass_

.» a. w .

91‘ tit-«mm m'ur.vrr~<|n.<~n~-ua-.

 

 

 

 

 

Hours Action Please!

Living, Area Affaigslpommission fi-
nally-"passed a finished proposal last
Thursday night that appearsJ'o have a
chance of being enacted. The issue of
women’s hours has been bandied around
too many committees for too long and
we are glad to see some positive action
being taken.

To be enacted into rules, however,
this proposal must still be passed by
the Committee on Residences. the Stu-
dent Affairs Council of the Faculty
Senate, the Faculty Senate as a whole,
and finally by the president of the Uni-
versity.

Despite Dr. Tucker’s complaint as
chairman of the Committee on Resi-
dences that the proposal maintains a
double standard between men and wo-
men, we feel that it is at present the
fairest and most representative of stu-
dent opinion proposal that we have seen
in a long time.

Freedom Denied?

Recently at the Junior College of
Albany, George Bunch, Robert Arey,
and John Delonas were notified that they
would not be rehired in September.
These people had been employed by the
college for periods of 2, 5 and 2 years,
respectively.

The only reason given by Lewis A.
Froman. President of Russell Sage Col-
lege, of which JCA is a division,.-for-
the firings was given to Bunch. In the'
letter of notification that Bunch re-
ceived, Froman said that the New York
State Department of Education advised
JCA to hire a full-time sociologist with
better credentials than Bunch has. At
present, Bunch is working on his Ph.D.
at Albany’s Graduate School of Public
Affairs.

A_ call to the Department of Educa-
tion confirms that not only haven't they
been on the Russell Sage campus in sev—
eral years. but that they never issue di-
rectives or advice of this nature under
any circumstances. Although Froman
says that he has this advice in writing.
he refuses to allow anyone to see it;
nor will he divulge the name of the of-
ficial who made the statement.

We called President Froman and asked
him to comment both on the reasons for
the firings of Bunch and for the “coin-
oidental" firings of every member of
the faculty who publicly supported him.
We also asked him to comment on the
obvious discrepancy between his ver-
sion and the Department of Education's
version of their dealings witheachother.
He refused to answer either of these
questions

 

n.._,.L ,,,, _ m... .- 5,,,

his prominent activities in civil r _
in the Albany area, and the others were
fired for their support of him, it seems
that academic freedom is non-existent
on the Russell Sage campus.- There
have been instances in the past which
would tend to support this allegation.

If, as we say, this is the correct
situation. we go on record as deploring
this state of affairs and censure Froman
highly for refusing to clarify publicly
the truth in this highly controversial
and sensitive matter. In addition. we
wonder, along with Arey. how much in-
fluence Mayor Erastus Corning was able
to exert into this matter from his po-
sition as a member of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Junior College of Albany,
and whether the fact that JCA has a
building fund project in progress relates
to this.

Bunch told us that he feels that “what
is going on is an extension of politics
invading the educational community. The
manner in which the decision was made
is an example of one-man rule! ” Corn-
ing, by the way, also declined an invi-
tation to clarify his position and referred
all questions to Froman.

We urge Faculty Senate, SUN'YA, R.P.I.
and Union chapters of the American
Association of College Professors, and
any other like responsible group to join
us in our action. We also urge the Bus-
sell Sage chapter’s President Irene Wood
to change her mind and decide to bring
up this matter at her next meeting.

The denial of academic freedom by
a college of the class that Russell Sage
purports to belong to is a sad situation
at best. . - -

No Rush

Last semester the ASP printed a con-
demnation of the bookstore for the un-
believably long lines and the “inexcus-
able” practice of closing down during
lunch and dinner. Although we did not
mention it at the time. we realized that
the personnel at the bookstore had done
their best; it was just that their best
was not good enough for the students
who had to wait outside in the rain for
two or more hours.

By doing even better than their best.
however, the bookstore has this se~
mester organizeda highly efficient meth-
od of operation. The store is now open
from early morning to late evening con-
tinuously while there was not a single
wait over fifteen minutes.

The students who did have to wait did
so in the heated tunnel, and there was
never a bottleneck at the cashiers.

It is clear that only a tremendously
cooperative effort combined with much
hard work and personal sacrifice of
time. Our congratulations go out to
every member of the staff of the book—
store for the fine job that they have
done in rectifying the mistakes of last

 

by Martin Schwartz

Many students today are con-
cerned over the status of Various
proposals we have all heard so much
about dealing with women’s hours
and the question of liquor on cam-
pus. No one seems quite sure about
anything concerning ihesaproposais
with two exceptions: (l) we have
- heard nothing about liquor since the
University Council announced their
general approval last October, and
(2) we have heard nothinguntil today
but promises (i.e. the key system)

 

 
    

for almost two years.

Too many students have tended to
blame President Collins and “the
administration" for the delay. If
blame is to be put, however, it
must be put on ourselves as stu-
dents and on the bureaucratic sys-
tem of approval necessary to enact
these proposals. Both proposals are
presently “in committee," along
with everything else, it seems.

Women’s hours are in the hands
of the Committee on Residences,
which is made up of faculty mem-
bers, Miss Norma Edsall, Director
of Residences, and students hand-
picked by Bill Cleveland, Student
Association President. This com-
mittee has been handicapped by the

roup they empowered to write the
proposal, Living Area Affairs Com-
mission, who, by working under
false assumptions for awhile, ac-
cusing itself of being unrepresente-
iive, and several other problems,
managed to avoid a finished pro-
posal for a fantastically long time.
Last Thursday a good proposal was
finally written by LAAC and handed
over to the Committee on Resi-
dences. When their work is fin-
ished, the proposal still must be
approved by the Student Affairs
Council of the Faculty Senate, the
Faculty Senate as a whole, and fl-
nally by the President of the Uni-
versity.

Greek Innovation

The committee now working on
the liquor question has a similar
makeup. Neil C. Brown, Jr., as
head of student activities, heads up
a body of faculty members, and
Cleveland, student appointees. This
committee, while slow, is moving
steadily toward a finished proposal.
Once finished, however, it stillmust
be approved by Central Council, the
Student Affairs Council, and the
President.

I, for one, deplore the use of stu-
dent appointments to make up com-
mittees when the, student body has
an elective body of our most capable
students, e.g. MYSKANIA, which, in
conjunction with the Faculty Senate
would make a much more repre-
sentative and dem0cratic body to
consider such proposals. The other
solution to this aspect of the prob-
lem would be to hope for a report
some day from another committee
now in session: that being Central
Council’s committee to study the
feasibility of setting up a commiiee
to appoint committees.

when we consider that there is
also a committee to study the feas-
ibility of re-orgahizlng student gov-
ernment it becomes'obvious to me,
at least, that MYSKANIA should
have been taking away powers from
student government in the past few
years instead of the reverse.

Student appointments to such bod-
ies as Athletic Board, Academic
Affairs Commission, and most other
arms to our student government,
when combined with the great ma-
jority of those: elected members of
Central Council, have managed to
hold stagnant a campus manned pro-
bably by the most progressive and
liberal administration this school
has ever seen.

Returning to an orginalpoini from
an snﬂamed digression, the only
faultless People in the holding up of
these proposals are the members of
the Administration. They have had
nothing to work on.

Greek Week was new this year and it seems to be
a worthwhile innovation. The co—chairman. Lynn He—
witt and Debbie Walton, took over the enormous job
when Joseph Nicastri resigned as head of Pan-Hel-

lenic Council and chairman of Greek Week, last se-
mester.

All did not go smoothly. The Greek Olympics were
poorly attended, and the beer party was not planned
adequately. The first week of a semester is a poor
time to start a tradition, but something was started
and the campus will be better for it.

Dean Chessin gave an inspiring talk about the rea.-
sons for being at college. Laur Kurz, student am-
bassador, spoke on her summer in Poland and many
students were entertained at the Brothers Four Con-
cert. .

The role of Greek organizations on this campus
has been dubious evern since they were forced to
relinquish their houses. Most people thought they
were destined to die a low death. This year. with
the development of a Pan-Hellenic Council, Greek
Week and three new fraternities the Greeks have
rejuvenated themselves. Their effort to bring spirit
and enthusiasm to this campus seems to be their
new purpose. They have made an impressive start
and we hope that they will continue.

 

 

ov me cuss or me '

Tho Albany Student Fun is o umi-wnkly no hil lied b St d 0
Association of the State University of Now “#:7935317, 'tbo ASYP'ZTHC: l:-
e7eoald in Room 364 of tho Campul Conlof ol l223 Wuiom Avonuo, is upon lrnm
 Sundoy lbw Thursday night or may be touched by dialing

MARGARET DUNLAP "d SARA K T
Co-Edlfoua-in-Chlol IT SLEY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Llnda and“. A
n . 'ic Editor
3.” 0 AI N-W- Editor
Cl?" Slur. . Sports Editor
‘Bfuco lamb“... Atloclolo Sports Editor
Slug" Lui, I “valuing Monogor
I'Y Schulz Photography Editor
Linda VunP .... .zihﬁhuu‘inolcso Manager
0: n on uporv nor
Jonah SUV -~~Euocuilvo Editor

 

All communications i b d
wnicoiionl lliould '2?!va a dun“ 'a "I.
| ny Srudoni Pro:
4 _ _ .

odlior and mull b- I n d. C '
lid in 300 words dad on 'Iubioci to ‘o lilno. Tr-

 

Tuoodoy, Fobr'uory l4, 1967 ‘.

cl , llverllre Bonnier Intelligence

(9

  

   

'01.. day ﬁnd-my 14,. 1967

 

Film, 'Billv llar'.
Alroot Adolescent
lo Be Presented

"Billy Liar," a film relating the
adventures of an adolescent Walter
Mitty, will be presented next Tues-
day at 7:30 p.m. in Draper 349.

. The film will be snown as part
of a Tuesday night series of motion ’
pictures scheduled for presentation
under the auspices of the Ameri-
can Film Academy.

0' ' 'dF ‘ l C A"
.ISIIIISSG I‘Olll . . , _.
JCA, Union College, RP], and Russ
seilSago. I , ‘

“Our group, will be heard from
again," he said, "because we be-
lieve that students should play an
active role in community life. We
intend to meet a high standard of
informed and responsible involve-
ment, and to earned public respect
for our opinions.

A new group called the Tri-City
Student Alliance has told the ASP
that it plans a demonstration Fri-
day. Richard Evans, the group's
chairman, said, "We will have two
picket lines: one on the corners of
First and Congress Streets at the
Russell Sage campus in Troy and
the other on New Scotland Avenue
at the Junior College of Albany."

Evans said that interested State
students should be ai ihe‘Junior
College between 12 noon and 2 p.m.
Anyone who needs transportation
should call Ed Silver, Leonard
Rhine, or Robert Fish at 489-1240.

Students from other campuses will
be on both picket lilies. The purpose
of the demonstration is to protest
the dismissal of Geoge Bunch, Rob-
ei'i Arey, and John Delonas from
the faculties of Russell Sage and
the Junior College of Albany.

  
  
  
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 

Student Involvement Possible

"The fact that this~is possible is
demonstrated by the role which
students played in the Five Dollar
Vole controversy, and in the pro-
test over George Bunch’s arrest."

Evans also said that a formal
statement of purpose was beingpre-
pared by the Alliance but would not
be released until “we get‘more or-
ganized." As for specific future pro-
jects, these have not been planned
in any detail but may include a
monthly publication, dealing with
the issues commented on my mem-
bers of the Alliance on the several

The Americnn Film Academy isa
non-profit, voluntary association of
college film groups. Each week a
domestic or foreign picture will be
shown at each of the member in-
stitutions. Admission will be 75?
at each performance.

 
  
 
 

  

 

Port Fantasy

Directed by" John Schlesinger,
"Billy Liar" stars Tom Courtenay
Pd Julie Christie. Although the work
5 part fantasy, part comedy, it is
underscored throughout by a strong
sense of ironic realism. Schles-
inger’s low-keyed directoral style

THE BROTHERS FOUR on concert of Page Hall Friday. The
popular loll: group performed before to full house as port of the
Greek Week festivities.
T  d t W. Academic Freedom
Bil ‘h, Arey, and the Tri-Cities
wo u  s  groupufeel that an lssue‘ofacademlc

emPh‘iSlzes the serious theme of . freedom is involved. Bunch hasbeen campuses-
the picture.  M n C t t in the news for some time because
_  e   of his activities as a civil rights  ' N  ‘
The American Film Academy will i leader and his jailing without bail  0 
present additionalfilmsonTuesdays The University is represented in members are chosen to become last October. The other two men
throughoutvthe remainder of the se- the activities of “Mademoiselle” Guest Editors. had supported him at a public rally: “NW”

The 20 Guest Editors spend the
month of June in New York as sal-
aried employees of “Mademoi-
selle.” They will help write, illus-
trate, and edit “Mademoiselle’s”
August college issue.

They all interview well-known
personalities and represent the
magazine on visits to publishing
houses, stores, and advertising
agencies. The guest editors are
also "Mademoiselle's" guests at
parties, discoiheques, and screen-
ings.

NOTICES

Counseling Service
A program for the improvement
of reading skills under Dr. Newton
of the School of Education will be
available to all students without
credit or fee for the second se-

magazine by two students who were
among the winners of a contest
sponsored by "Mademoiselle."

Both girls will have an opportun-
ity to contribute to the magazine
and help keep it abreast of campus
trends. The two Albany winners are
Jane Kowicz '68 and Susan Sammar-
ions ’70.

They were chosen from contes-
tants all over the country on the
basis of entries they submitted
showing ability in the fields of:
art, writing, editing, photography,
layout, fashion design, or adver-
tising.

As members of "Mademoiselie's
College Board, the girls will re-
port on events at the University,
research articles, and help “Made-
moiselle” fashion editors select
models for college fashion features.

Each girl will remain on the Col-

Delonas by Speaking and Are}, by February l-i:Uiica Public Schools
marching (his picture appeared on 50- Brunsmckl N-J-
,elevlslon)_ February 15: North Babylon Central
No reasons were given for the S°h°°151 Free Library 0‘ Phu'
firing of Delonas or Arey, but Bunch ade'i’ma (“Dram”)
received a letter from Lewis Fro- February 16‘ “3"‘3h95terr Cm"-
man, President of RusseliSage Col- Balensmu “OW” 0‘ P°“ghke°"5‘°)
iege. It said that Bunch was being "0"” Gem“ Sahools
replaced in order to conform with Femuuy 17: Kings park Central
a directive from the State Depart- S°h°°lsr 3mm“ central sends!
men, 0; Educauom East lrondequoit, Schenectady
February 20:Freeport, L. I., RPl
Graduate School interviews

mester.

The schedule of films is as fol-
lows: “Diary of a Country Priest”
and "Citizen Kane," Feb. 21; “The
Cousins," Feb. 28; "The 400
. ows,” Mar. 7; "Hiroshima, Mon
Amour," Mar. 14; “Virdiana,” Mar.
21; “My Name is Ivan,” Mar. 28;
“Last Year at Marienbad,” Aprild.

Additional Films

Also, “Red Desert," April 11;
"To Die in Madrid," April 18;
“Alphavilie,” April 25; "The Blue
Angel,” May 2; "Woman in the
Dunes," May 9; and "Nobody Waved
Goodbye," May 16.

All performances will begin at
7:30 pm. in Draper 349. Each fea-
ture presentation will be accom-

panied by a short subject.
lege Board until she graduates.

i
0
Welsh Fills Voconcy
In addition, Miss Kowicz and Miss
' Sammartano are eligible to compete
AS    for "Mademoiselle’s" 20 grand

prizes. Each year 20 of the Board

Purpose of Directive

The purpose of the directive, ac-
cording to Froman, was to urge
that the college's sociology de-
partment be staffed with "fully
trained sociologists."

Alan Kuuisio, the State’s Assis-
tant Commissioner of Education, has
since denied that this is so saying,
“We don’t have anything to do with
personnel problems and employ-
ment. They are purely institutional
matters that we do not touch."

Bunch, who holds an M.A. in so-
cial science and is currently work-
ing toward a Ph.D. feels that his

General Placement

February 14: International Harves-
ter-candidates interested in sales

February 14: Ge he r al Telephone
Co.-]r. management positions for
majors in accounting and math,
science, and physics. Some op-
poriunlties for liberal arts ma-
jors.

February 15: Northwestern Mutual
Life Insurance Co.-ail majors for
variety of jobs in insurance.

February 16: Regional Administra-
tor for National Banks-candidates

mono". Mamie ks

Dr. Lewis P. Welch, associate
dean of the Graduate School of Pub-
lic Affairs at State University of New
York at Albany, has been appointed
acting dean of the school by Dr.
Evan R. Collins, president of the
University.

Announcement of the appointment
was made on February 7 at a meet-
i of the school faculty. Dr.Welch,

0 was named associate dean two
months ago, will fill the vacancy
created last week when if was an-
nounced that Dr. 0. B. Conaway
will go on leave.

Group To Discuss
Vietnam Policy

Students and faculty who would
like to see a change in 0.8. policy
in Vietnam are invited to a 3:30
Wednesday meeting at Channing Hall
(First Unitarian Church, 405 Wash-
ington Avenue).

A number of men and women “on
the side of the doves” plan to or-
ganize "Citizens Concerned About
Vietnam." Several clergyman who
took part in last week’s Washington
Mobilization, together with repre-
as,dean to direct a study to deter- seniatives of various civic groups,
mine how the State University can have taken the initiative in calling
assist New York State in solving its- the meeting.
varied and complex urban problems. It is hoped it will become a com-
Univorsity Chancellor Sameul B. munlty wide group including the
Gould said Dr. Conaway’s assign~ University. For further information
ment reﬂected theUniversity'scon- contact Dr. Frances Colbey 457-
cern over the need for a comprc- 8436 or The Reverend Frank Show,
hensive program under which it campus minister, 482-2508.

Dr. Conaway. is feasting his post

mester. If you are free on Monday
at 3:35 or Thursday at 12:20, go
to counseling service, Paine Hall,
to reserve space (which is limited),
to get the room assignment, and to
learn of further details.

Campus Viewpoint
FRESHMENl SOPHOMORESI
(anybody d. everybody)

Here is an opportunity to make a
positive contribution  WORK ON
THE FRESHMAN HANDBOOK"”
"Campus Viewpoint."

People are needed to do all sorts
of jobs on the staff... virtually any
type or in any area of student ac-
tivity... the time commitment need
not be major.

This year MAJOR REVISIONS are
planned in the subject matter, etc.
of the book... your lDEAS and HELP
will be needed and appreciated.

If interested, call or contact:
B. J. Lessne 7794 (Van Cortland)
Wall Dohei'ty 8738 (DeLancey)
Henry Made] 8747 (Johnson)

dismissal is politically motivated.
that Albany's Mayor
Corning had consulted in advance
with the judge who denied bail to
him. He charges that a "similar
kind of pressure" has been applied

He recalls

to “members of the academic com-
munity" to secure his dismissal.

Allionco Shares Suspicion:

"The Tri-Cltles Student Alliance
shares Bunch's suspicions," says
Evans, and he stressed that "what-
ever the reasons for them, these
dismissals are a clear threat to
academic freedom. , Bunch and his
colleagues are Object lessons for
anyone on either campus who cher-
ishes the illusion that his job will
be safe if he becomes controver-
slai."

Asked about the nature of the new
student organization, Evans told the
ASP that if is less than two weeks
old and already has members on
five local campuses: Albany State,

from business administration, ac-
counting, economics, and fimnce.

February 17: Public Service Com-

mission-accounting majors only.

February 20: Peat, Marwick, Mit-

chell & Co.-accounting only.

February 20: W. 'l‘. Grant-majors

in business or liberal arts for
jobs in store management.

 

 

Worm

0/
a.

Wanted

 

 

'.illd closely cooperate with the
cities of the State.

The new acting dean, prior to his
appointment in December, has
served as assistant dean of the
school since 1962. He holds an A.B.
degree (magna cum laude) granted in

living. 20 minutu from campus.

Gilbert 8. Holly Wollo

FACULTY
Come to Niskozuno for boiler homes, honor schools, and honor

Phono 393-108

Timo Associates, Inc.

 

9.5 Weekdays
9- l2 Saturdays

 

AMERlCAN TRAVEL
"Your Campus Trovol Agent"
Opposite Stale Campus of Thruway Motor Inn

Phone 459-90")

 

1964 from Bowdoln College where

 

he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
In 1967 he received a master's de-
gree in public administration from
Syracuse University and four years
later, 3 Ph. D. in political science
from the same institution.

While at Syracuse, Dr. Walch
held fellowships at Syracuse during
two years of graduate study. He
was appointed an instructor of po-
litical science at the MaxwellSchocl
of Citizenship and Public Affairs,
Syracuse University, during the per-
iod 1958-61.

In that rank, he servod as assis-
tant director and coordinator of the
graduate program in public admin-

Egg Rolls, Spore Ribs, Chow

 

isiration. During the current aca- HOUSE OF WONG

demic year be has been serving as

alumna of the newly~esiablished

Apartment. ofﬂp‘oliiical science of 223 CENTRAL AVENUE H0 2-22

YOU NAME iTi

and Lobster Sauce, Pork Fried Rice and many more!
Eat in or Take Out

Siudonls Welcome at

 

Moin, Chop Suoy, Shrimp 8.

 

 

i: pro-requisite.

LOOKING FOR SELF-FULFILLMENT?

SH ERUT LA'AM — iSRAEL

MAY BE YOUR ANSWER
TO: Sherut La’am (Service to the People)

515 Park Avenue, New York. New York 10022

I am a graduate - undergraduate (underline one) be-
tween 19-30 and would like you to send me. without
obligation, FREE information tellinng i can serve
a full year in Israelforonly $670 which includes round
trip fare. (A limited number of long-term loans are
available). I understand a knowledge of Hebrew is not

 

Moior Field of Study

Smut Addru I

 

(Ploon print)
College or Univ.

Phon- (Optional)

 

   
      
   
  
   
   
  
  

     
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
  
 

  
 
  
   

     
   
      
 
 
 

    
 
   

   
 

 

t...-_...........-m.. m _ V

      
  
     
   
   
 

  
  
 
  

           
      
      
   
    
    
      
       
     
    
        
  
     
      
         
          
            
           
    
 
      
      
          
     
         
       
        
      
   
    
     
       
       
       
         
         
      
         
           
          
         
    
         
      
     
   
       
    
       

