 
  
 

 

 

 
  
 
  

lift 00!" .
g ‘ Mondayspresoonreronoo. Prosident'cbllins‘
“wannounoedgthat a committee was being fermed'to in-

 
 

 

 .iorhopod "dint from this committee." a. policy‘ will be
formulated that. will initiate football on' this-Campus

 

 

 

possible to have the sport on a club level this fall.
but we' do feel that this committee will act wisely and
favorably towarda football program of some kind for
the fall of 1968.

Meanwhile, the'University has taken one step in
the direction of expanding intercollegiate athletics at
Albany by providing for a track team on the club level

to be started this spring. The sport will consist of'

running events only since we do not have the coaching
staff to handle the field events. Coach R. Keith Mun—
sey will be at the helm of the “cindermen” and we’re

“‘sure he’ll do the same outstandingjob that he has done
in the past with the barriers.

All of the meets will be away because our new
‘track which is equipped for a track and field program
will not be completed for competition until June of
this year. However, the club canpractice on the ex-
isting track surface. '

The proposed program calls for all the necessary
equipment. including shoes with detachable spikes,
rippled soled shoes, and all-weather spikes to outfit
a 20 man squad. Potential competition will include
such schools as RPI,Union. Williams. Oneonta, Goble-
skill, New Paltz, and Marist. If this program proves
satisfactory, .the club would be advanced to varsity
status in 1968.

But we feel that the success of the team will not
lie in the coaching. It will lie in the willingness of
those students talented in the field to take advantage
of such an opportunity offered by the University
Without adequate student participation and coopera-
tion, we can hardly expect the administration to ad-
vance the program further. '

The student initiative is there. This was evi-
denced by the success of the past intramural track
meets organized by Coach Munsey. However, at that
time the participants had to train for only one meet.
This time they will be involved in practice and
meets for almost two months which will undoubtedly
make many thing twice before going out for the squad.
But in the final analysis; knowing Munsey and the way
he operates, the club will fair well no matter the
strength of the personnel.

The annual Winter Sports Banquet will be held
this Tuesday night at 7:30 p.m. in the Dutch Quad
Dining Room. At this time the award for the outstand-
ing athletes in wrestling and basketball will be given.

Mike O’Brien: Outstanding
As Coach, Amateur Athlete

by Honk Robinowiiz
In the summer of 1963' He believes that with the addition
of the new gym next year the stu-
5- young baseball player'5 dent body can look forward to better
future was dealt a setback teams in the future. He bases his
by the lack of foresight prediction on a number of consid-

, erations.
on the Pall: Of ‘1 B"Jout- Foremost, is the progress being

The players name was Mi- made in the area of recruitment. tie
chael OfBrien' feels that the hard work of the
coaching staff and interested alumni

This is Mr. O'Brien's first year will be realized sooner than most
at Albany. A member of our physi- people think. In additilon, as an ex-
cal education department, he is also panding university athletically and
the coach of our freshman basket-i academically, Coach O'Brien be-
ball and baseball teams. lieves that Albany now offers the

lie comes to our university with scholar-athlete a wide variety of
excellent qualifications. Upon his advantages.
graduation from lthaca College in As a lifetime resident of the
1961, Mr. O'Brien became a P.E. capitol district, Coach O'Brien felt
teacher and coach on the public he was qualified to say that the
school level. Ill 1905, he returned increased spirit shown by the stu-
io college to get his M.S. at Siena dents is not to be disregarded as a
College. positive factor.

During his athletic career Mr. He, therefore, feels these factors
O'Brien has garnered a number of along with the growing sense oi
citations. While in high school he tradition that has been fostered over
was a U. 8. Hearst All-Star Base- the years, will undoubtedly spell
ball team selection in 1950. in success for Albany's athletic pro-
1057 he was a member of the All- gram.

Albany Basketball team. At lthaca Perhaps Mr. O’Brien's greatest
College he was captain of the ham» contribution to Albany has been
kotball and baseball teams in his his modern approach to athletics.
senior year. As a member of the lie is an advocate of athletics as
Albany Twilight Baseball Loam a means of teaching valuable life
he was selected as the MVPof 1063, experiences. in addition he sup-

Coach O'Brien has brought with ports the use of athletic activities
him an optimistic outlook toward as arehabllltatlvo device in mental
Jill! and his school. He has bright therapy.

hopes for the university.

A ,~-v‘_és’tiﬁgjat§ the University’s intercollegiate athletics. It‘

in the near future. We. realize that it is «Virtually'im- ‘

 
 
 
 
   
 
     
 
 
 
  
  

     

a.

disfiidjrtfili} ijm

vnvniii then I,

ll! In tapiiol
; city immanent:

The annual Tri-City Foil Tour-
nament sponsored by the Tri-City
Fencing Club was held on Sunday,
Mar. 6. Robert LaVallee of SUNYA
took third place. other Albany par-

   

 

 
 

 
 

; Eugene, and Jim Connors. other
schools participating included RPI
: and-.Union.

At the Schenectady YMCA, the
Tri-City Sabre Tournament took
place on Sun., March 12. Albany’s
Boll LaVallee took first place while
Rich Garcia came in 4th and John
Rogone placed seventh. It was very
close competition with the final
scores being decided upon points
as well as total matches.

  
   

THE PROSPECTS LOOK 'clloortul for the Great Dane tennis
squod. Tom Slocum was the only man to graduate lrom last year's
.500 team and this year's varsity will be strengthened with sov-
orol koy stars from lost yoor’s 10-0 iron .

The women’s tram traveled to

11 to compete with the women’s
team of Middlesex College. The

ll ,
. O ' 7 tram included Susan Allen (0-4),
am  n  Nancy Clauson (2-2), Bev Lee (12-3),
, ~ and Barbara Pound (1-3).- It was
' I the first time that the team had
. ever faced Middlesex and is now
n   looking forward to a return match.
Albany State played host to the.
in League ilA, the lrondequoit ons and Suds are tied for the loop Trl'cuy Fencmg Chi" 0“ Feb- 26-
Indlans ('7-2) hold a same lead over lead, each having'5 wins and two The men’s competitive matches
'rxo and the Nads who are both losses. One game behind them are were Sabre and f°u~ Albany’s “V0

6-3. Yesterdays contests found TXO the commuters at 4-3. This Sunday, teams “lauded Lava-“96. Rogone.
squaring of! against The lndians and the Demons vie with the Kai Baldies, Dick DOW. Jim Connors, Mike 00-

me "ads facing 5TB, A Txo and whue the Suds play the Lows and hen, and John Wolslegel. The final 9

Nad victories would produce athree ALC faces the Commuters. “era” 50°” W“ 24's 1" favor

way tie for the lead. The Utopians have clinched the 0‘ Til-City. Lavallee was Slate's
With one game remaining in Lea- League 4A title with a ’7-1 slate, high “We’-
gue 118, EEPhas clinched the title. with ALC a game behind at 6-2 SUAFS h
- a

The black and white support and 8-1 In League 413, APA can clinch the to its reperiol‘ggfﬁh: "3:38:23?

slate and its nearest rival is C&C title this Sunday with a win over may mstmctmn {or this peapon

two games back at 0-3. KB. The statesmen, EEP, and Har- Wm 15831,, in the {an of 1967 but

The [twins have made a runaway Mel‘s are all behind APA Who has some basic instruction is offered

 

of the 3A League. They have an un- 6 wins and only 2 losses. now
blemished 8-0 record and with two ' '
games remainin , its closest rival, . - .
n.  n 2.  ,, .s gwes ra |t|on
champs will shoot for an undefeated I o
I

  

 

season this Sunday when they face
Seagrams '7 at 3:00.

League 3B finds another unde-
feated team, EEP with a 9-0 rec-
ord. The EEP's have one game left
against the Hobbitts tomorrow and
will also be gunning for a regular
season unblemished mark.Hamilton
Hall, with a 6-2 slate is the nearest
Potter foe.

The champ for League 111C has
not yet been determined. with one

: ticipants included Rich Garcia, .10th

Middlebury, Vermont on Sat., March 9

 

 

 

 

     
   
 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
    
 
  
  
 

 

  
  
  

 

 
 
 

TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1967

 
 
 

 

  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
  

   
  
  
 
 

 
 

  
  
 
   
    
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
  

   
  

THE JUDGES OF the Personal Librory Contest decided Thurs.
that no one coiloction submitted exhibited a degree of excellence
that would merit on award of first prixe. Instead three first prizes
of $40 each were awarded to Bunny Beale, for a collection of
Relevony to A Poet, Jim Moos, Military Aircraft Since W. W. I;
and John Shea, Love: Variations on a Theme.

“War Committees To Debate

Vietnam Policy Tomorrow

The University Debate club will Vietnam. At press time the third

T. Guzik (UPS)

game left for each team, the Dem-

PBS Strengthens
League II Lead;
Upsets Mark Play

" Here are the standings of‘League
ll bowling through games of March
1

TEAM RECORD

PBS 31-14
TXO 26-19,
APA 22-23
UPS 21-24
ALC 18-27
EEP 17-28

This was a week which saw the
bottom three teams win 13 out of
15 points. PBS was the only top
team to take any points and this
helped solidify its first place lead.
With just three weeks left, its 5
point lead looks very imposing.
It is hoped that its star bowler,
Steve Furdyn, will recover from
a car accident in time for its
stretch run at the championship.
lligh scorers for the day were

Single Game
0. Moscowitz (PBS) 207
P. Smolnycki (PBS) 103
C. Miller (EEP) 187

Three Games
C.Mlller(EEP) 530
C. Kaye (ALC) 505
F‘. llaeon (TXO) 502

The leaders to date:
8. Furdyn (PBS)
P. Smolynck (PBS)

G. Torino (APA)
G. Moscowitz (PBS)
E. Brown (PBS)
L. Saperstein (ALC)
C. Miller (EEP)

o—i—n—ua—u—s—H
amaacbadd
Q‘IQOGQON

J. Burke (UPS) 167

 

Get the best of two worlds. The authsn
uninhibited look of new huos. 65

 

“Prose-Free Post-0nd Ilocko by n.l.o

featuring Dacron?
iic cgmiori oi Post-Grad styling. The
% Dacron polyester, 35% Avril'rayon. $8

is

 

V

 

 

sponsor a British-style debate to—
morrow in the Grand Ballroom of
the Campus Center at 8:15 p.m.
between three members ofthe Com-
mittee to End the War in Vietnam
and three members of the Com-
mittee to Win the War in Vietnam.
The proposition to be debated is,
“Resolved: That this House should
condemn present American policy
in Vietnam.”

After the introductory speeches
by the members of the team the
debate will be opened to the aud-
fence.

At the end of the rebuttals there
will be a secret ballot so the mem-
bers of the audience will be able
to express their opinion of the is-
sue in debate.

The three students who will rep-
resent the Committee to Win the

\ War in Vietnam are Lewis Fischer,

Stratton Rawson, and Richard Tay-
lor. They will take the position 0p-
posing lhe proposition that Ameri-
can policy in Vietnam should be
condemned. The debaters support-
ing this proposiilon are John Car-
michael and Marc Mli‘lngoff from
the Committee to End the War in

Chem. Talk Today

On Hydroboration

Two more lectures in a series of
three are planned by the chemistry
department. Tile talks will be held
in room 151 of the chemistry build-
ing at 4in0 p.m. today and tomor-
row.

Herbert llrown, the R. B. \Velller—
ill Professor of Chemistry at Pur-
due University will speak on “Re-
cent Developments in liydrobora-
tion," today.

Professor Raymond Disch of the
Columbia University department of
chemistry will discuss "Direct
Measurement of Molecular Quad-
rupole Moments: Liquid Phase Stud-
ies" tomorrow.

pro debator had not been chosen.

The President of the Union or
moderator will be Mr. David Frac-
tenberg, Director of the debate team
and assistant professor of speech.
Dr. Richard \Vilkie, associate pro-
fessor of speech, will serve as
Parliamentarian.

The University Debate Club hopes
that the debate will help the student
body to vote in the upcoming Viet-
nam referendum in a more schol-
arly manner. Tile referendum is
sponsored by Central Council and
will be held April 13th and 14th in
the dinner lines and in the Campus
Center.

Committee Preparing
For Anti-Vial March,

The Committee to End the War in
Vietnam has posted signup sheets
at various locations on campus for
the mobilization of students and
fucuiiy to take part in the anti-war
demonstration to be held Saturday,
April 15 in New York City.

The sheets are located at the
SDS Literature Table in the Com-
pus Center llllil on the doors in
Social Sciences 280, Education 231,
and Humanities 337.

The demonstration and mobilize-
tion will be discussed at the Com-
niittee’s meeting this Friday at
1:25 p.m. in Social Sciences 131.
All students interested lll partial.
pating lll the march should attend
this meeting.

The Committee is continuing its
workshops about Vietnam. Four
workshops will be held this week on
the history of Vietnam at {his p.m.

today and Thursday, and 7 p.m.,
Thursday and Sunday in the Campus
Center 367,

Assessment Results
Evident In Programs
Approved By council

Several major decisions were
passed by Central Council last
Thursday night. The reassessment
the supreme student organization
made of itself two weeks ago was
the indirect cause of the passage of
these measures. Tile decisions
passed by Central Council reflect
its desire to become more involved
in national, state, local and Univer-
sity issues.

Central Council passed a pro-
posal, introduced by Michael Gins-
burg, tllai called for a lowering of
the voting age from 21 to 18. The
proposal was addressed to the Con-
stitutional Convention of the State of
New York, and asked the body to
liberalize and equalize the NewYork
State voting age requirement. The
council pointed to the increased in-
volvement in government and the
higher educational level of this age
group to justify the lowering of the
voting age.

Five Dollar Vote

Also passed by an overwhelming
majority by Central Council was a
statement asking for a more effec-
tive investigation into the alleged
"Five Dollar" vote in Albany Coun-
ty. The councilcailed upon Governor
Nelson A. Rockefeller to “order the
Office of the Attorney General to
immediately undertake a complete
and thorough investigation of this
matter."

An expenditure oi$100,000.00 was
approved by Central Council for the
development of Camp Dippikill dur-
ing 1967-68. The plans include the
improvement of the access road,
providing electric power, erecting
new buildings, developing a water
supply and improving the lake. It
was estimated that fifty cents from
each lndividunl’s student lax during
the next ten years would pay back
$40,000.00 loan and provide monies
for continued development.

Committee Established

A Political and Social Positions
Committee was established as a
standing committee ochnti'al Coun-
cil. The PSP Committee is to in-
vestigate student opinion on social
and political issues and to recom-
mend position staieinents to the
council. The coniinittee will concern
itself with such things as the up—
coming Vietnam referendum. ’l‘llls
referendum will he held on April 13
and 14 in the dinner lines and the
Campus Center. Henry Made] stated
after the meeting that anyone wish-
lng to work on this referendum
should report to the Student Asso-
ciation Office.

    
 
 
 
  
   
    
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
    
  
  
  
  
     
 
   

YEARBOOK EDITORS Joinos Folts and Judith Mills have already

storied work on the 1968 yearbook. Sign-up for senior pictures

takes place this week.

Next Year’s Torch In Motion
Editors Moy Use New Formal

Next year’s yearbook editors have
already started thinking of how to
better the yearbook with new ideas.

Jim Folts and Judy Mills, co-
ediiors for next year’s book, want
the yearbook to he more of a photo-
essay type set up rather than having
numerous copy-blocks.

This would mean, for instance,
that there would be a page or two
concerned with concerts and these
numerous concerts would be repre-
sented in the form of pictures only.
Pictures of these concerts may also
be scattered throughout the year-
book.

New and Different

The editors also want in do some-
thing new and different wiihthepre—
seniation of the many various Uni-
versity organizations. The Univer-
sity, they agree, is getting feelings
to include every organization. They
therefore propose to include some
organizations lll the photo-essay
program where a committee would
be represented by a picture.

The editors of the yearbook are
also thinking of :1 new and different
idea for the total format ofihe book.
During the interview it was revealed
that the yearbook for 1907-08 may
be dissii'lbuted in a slip-case ell-
closing iwo volumes. One book will
have activity shots if) it while the
other will be composed of senior

 

THE Lovm' snoonsm will make the Icon. Anni it a. p11"

of Sophomore Weekend which will also lecture The Blues Project

and a day of Rooting Brooks Ranch.

pictures, faculty and honoraries.

Smaller Book

The reason for this is that next
year’s book may be a little smaller
(9 inches or 10 inches square) than
last year’s book which is 11”x 11”.
With a smaller book it sometimes
gets too fat. This year’s book will
have 288 pages and a natural in-
crease in the number of pages is
expected for next year.

Both editors agree that although
there is a lot of work involved, the
work is easy to learn, interesting
and enjoyable.

Folk-Rock Group
To Give Concerts
For Sophomores

The Blues Project, a versatile
folk-rock group, has been booked
for two concerts to be given Sunday,
April 16, in conjunction with the
Sophomore Weekend.

The concerts will be given at 2:00
and 4:00 p.m. on Sunday afternoon,
and tickets are presently on sale
for $.09 in Humanities 140.

This will mark the first appear-
ance of this group in the Albany
area, and the group has been billed
by Robert Shelton, the New York
Times music critic as “the most
incandescent group in folk-rock to-
any."

According to billing, however, the
Blues Project is more than just folk
rock; they advertise that there is
no type of music they cannot play,
always managing to give each their
own special sound.

Their sound is "a bit of rock-
and-roll, a touch of rhythm-and
blues, seine soul, a dash of jazz”
and you still have only a portion of
their style.

The band got its start when Danny
Kalb, who was then-generally de-
scribed ns the best guitarist in the
folk music field, wandered onto the
electronic music scene.

Kalb said he “knew that was what

.was happening and i had to get into

that electronic thing in order to
express myself, and my music,"
and then formed the Danny Kalb
Quartetle.

Kalb expanded the band and The
Blues Project was formed.

 

 

:Ki‘mjvm‘o . .

