 
 
  

 
    
 
    
     

 
  
   

    
    

 

  
  
  
   
  
   
  

 

    

   

  

  

/  
. by Don opminm

' tho ‘our a lots support a 4-3-1 reooru

witAhl who“? matogsppremaining, we feel that. their

seasons. for has been somewhat disappointing in

'  re   Coach .Joe Garcia’s men have in-.

* curl-ed" many-problems since beginning workouts in

l Ootober..but we feel that neither he nor the team is
responsible for what has happened. We will not at-
tempt to criticize the squad here. but defend it in
its trying. to overcome these misfortunes over which
it has no control.

The team has only two extra wrestlers, both of
whom are in the same weight class where there is
an adequate starter. So, in effect, the matmen are
entering every .meet with the barest minimum of
personnel, and in the event of injuries, which have
often occurred already. they are five or more pomts
down even before the meet begins.

What is the cause of this dilemma? Well, it’s the
same old story repeated over and over. There are
always those certain few who cannot suffer the aca-
‘ demic consequences of devoting two or three hours a
day to athletics.

Take this case in point. At the end of last season
it was thought that this year we would have one of the
finest wrestling teams that Albany has ever produced.
And why not. The varsity had every member, including
NCAA champion Warren Crow, returning from a .500
season. This, added on to a 6-1 frosh team that had
several undefeated persons, made the prospects for
this year one of the greatest ever. But now the squad
is struggling to keep above .500 and may'have trouble
reaching that goal in the three remaining meets.

What happened? For one thing, only two wrestlers
from last year’s frosh team came out for the team.
The others, either for academic or personal reasons
(mostly the former), decided not to wrestle. And
those who made the latter decisions are the ones
who would have wrestled in the clasSes that the var-
sity is now weak. Compound this most important
factor on to several key injuries and a notably weak
heavyweight class (of which there can be done noth—
ing), you’ll see what we mean.

If we sound pessimistic about this season we dread
the thought of next year’s team. Graduating this year
are five seniors, including Crow and Randy Palmer,
who between them have 19 victories and one defeat.
The frosh haven’t even come close to winning, and,
in fact, have won only four or five individual matches
all season.

But as we stated before. we cannot condemn the
team for its misfortunes. What We must do is laud

' Coach Garcia and his squad for the hard work. time,
and effort it has put into a most demanding and frus-
trating season. As for next year? We’ll let the coach
worry about that.

Albany’s Mike Bloom

Consistent Performer

If one were to describe that has spelled victory for us."

in a word Mike Bloom’s
performance over the past
two years, it would be con-
sistency. Throughout his
varsity career he has
proven himself to be a
skillful operative.

Pro-game Moorings Important

analyzed. "Many

wego."

At Albany High, Mike was a three
lotterman, participating in cross-
country, basele and basketball.
Upon graduation he was prepared
to attend Brockport State, but was
convinced by coach “Doc” Sauers to
come to Albany.

As a member of the basketball
team he has shown steady improve-
ment. Last year Mike's average was
10.6, and currently it standsat 15.8.
A fine lump shot has accounted 1or
many of his points.

Excellent Golfer

Bloom has also lent his talents
to our golf team, and was the team
«:aptaln last spring. He is no new-
comer to the game as he was a
.member of the Albany Municipal
Golf Club that won the Junior Cham-.
plmihlllp in 1003.

H, credits much of his success
iu the work of Coach Batters. “In
some of the games that we have won
v a close margin. it has be the

teams meet again on Mar. 4.

lie explained that in the defeat to
Buffalo, the pro-game plan was up-
set by the phenomenal shooting of
U8. He feels that Albany will give
Buffalo a better game when the two

 



  

To

monowat

lentil" 7‘ Q30 , .2 .
theWash.Ave.Annory

by Jim Winslow

A basketball rivalry spanning decades will be renewed tomorrow at the Wash-

' ington Avenue ' Armory in Albany at 8:30 p.

Indians of Siena College. In

on Oneonta at Hudson Valley Community College

in. when the Great Danes take on the

to clashes earlier this week the Danes took
prawn ry ’ and Siena was to battle Marist

Collem of Poughloeepsie, New York. The two arch-enemies met once previously

this season with Siena winning, 73-67.

' That one contest came
in the Capital City Tour-
ney held on Siena’s home
court, Gibbons Hall, and
State was without the serv-
ices of several key play-

are.

The finals of the tourney, held
over the Christmas recess, were
costly to the Danes as forward
Larry Marcus was lost for the sea-
son with a fractured wrist. More-
over, sothich Margison was forced
to the bench late in the game with
a severely sprained ankle.

Besides losing the tournament the
Danes slumped to two stralgbtiosses
after the Christmas break, feeling
the absence of their two star for-
wards. The losses were to Mont-
clair and Southern Connecticut.

Return Sporlts Win Streak
With the return of Margison to

An important ingredient of the
present record of 12-0 as Mike
points out, is the pro-game meet-
ing when the other team's style is
times we knew
their offenses better than they knew
ours, as was the case against Os-

'l
the “new and the subsequent debut the 8:30 encounter. Bosses will leave from the three quads 45
of senior playmaker Lonnie Mor- I f .
risen, the cagers ran off a seven minutes he ore game time.
game winning streak befogetlojing n 0 .
to Buffalo University last a ur ay. D F  P 
Albany had posted wins over Utica    9
(twice), Harpur, CortlanId, 85min; . t
Ithaca, and Rochester ns u o S k  M h W S l k
“mm, ee ree ate m rpa
A repetition of Albany state's by Dunc Nixon
earlier defeat is unsure for the re- _ _ t
"'1‘" 0' Marmn- "'9 mum’s lead‘ The Albany matmen will be in action tomorrow a
“3 "m" “m “‘9 “mm” °”‘"" 2:00 when they will host Brooklyn Poly at Page Gym.
risen, averaging nearly ten points t1 rtin a 4_3_1 slate
per game, has produced great suc- The Great Danes are presen y spo g '
0935 and W3 may be 9mg“ '0 in dual matches after having openedthe setaoson With a:
overwhelm the Indians. Mike oom . . . . lar urnamen _
has also turned mm a big gun {or lmpresswe  ‘n the Qlllllilsdl‘igggl‘lllatch. but he came back '1
Coach Sauers’ boys. in his last Coach Garcxa s charges strong and he has a M, mom“,
four games Bloom has scored 16, expect to assure them- “uh
20' 21’“, mwms' selves of an even record,
Buffalo Contest Rescheduled l t to  
Following the Siena contest, the as they have never 08
Albany State hooosters have “'0 Brooklyn Poly, and they
8am“ mm" W“ “ if" hope to duplicate last in league I Action
Pam on February 28 and m“ :5 ear’s 33-5 romp As League l action enters the
Buffalo University in a rescheglulu y - homestretch’ a two-team race has
same on "are" 4 at 19 s - developed between the pace-setting
lute In TI'OY- The Danes' last two matches will CAMFS and APA who“ on” loss
“5t bemreme varsuy yme'me be the real teal though“ as they was a two-pointer to the league
"05h Vll" W 0“ "‘9 Siena "05“ will travel to Central Connecticut leaders. Because this week’s games
m 6:30” on my!” 0' next week' and men were played after the ASP went to
The Danes V1“ 8° “"0 wmmmw will return home to host Cortland press the scores are not walk
NEWS "'55"! "uh at least 12 Wins m a much wmch M" be teleﬂm able for this issue The standings
and possmly 13' The beat that Slam over Chum“ 17' and scoring leaders as of Feb 21
can do is 10-9 if they defeat Marist. are as follows. o
Buses will leave each quad the on" 50 F0, 3 in a R0,, , WON LOST
usual 45 minutes before the varsity The Brooklyn Poly mam, should Tﬁﬁhg‘ G 0
and freshmangames.The5000capa- stretch the “my Wm streak to CPA s 5 1
city Armory is expected to handlean three and Coach Garcia will be re- EEP 3 3
SRO crowd and fans should arrive lymg on ms steady pom, winners: KB 2 4
as early as DOSSlble- Warren Crow, Randy Palmer, Art m e l 5
liecesso, Craig Springer, and Hegel; 533;“ l 5
Gerham in the Danes bid to ex on _
   their win streak to 5. PPAYER F6 F3 TP PPG
. ll berlck-KB 43 l.» 101 10.8
Crow, Palmer and Recesso are End MM 41 m 02 If a
all seniors, and their combined rec- M ""APA 36 20 92 15-3
h I I M 0rd in dual matches is 20-4. Crow, Loo“; ‘-
Y ' ‘ n" last year'sN.C.A.A.collegedivlsion 3"“ e" 33 24 90 If 0 '
champion at 123,11as been undefeated CAM“ 9- '
Albany State women we!“ w New and virtually unchallenged thus far. Germ“
Paltz on Sat. Feb. 111 to compete , , , CAMps 36 6 79 13.0
' Palmer won the Quadrangului , then ‘ ‘
A" New Pam. Sports Day' Three lost his first match he has not lost MCCIOM'EEP 29 15 73 12-3
mum's pal-“c'pa‘ed: New paw" since licensed the team captain, l‘aF'talu"
Duchess county communuy' and got off to a sldw start but he has PIERCE 31 w 72 12-0
Albany, and unfortunately, the State been commg on strong, In recent pan-31-x]; 31 3 70 11.7
women were defeated by both of the matches woywy_s,ws 29 o M 10.7
other teams. ' Zacharias-
The first game was against Duch- Ap,‘ 23 11 57 9,5

ess County, who won by the score
of 113-12. lilgh scorer for Albany
was Linda Lintz, who scored 5
points, and who played both entlre
games. Albany had difficulty stop-
ping the advances of Duchess County,
especially of 2 glrls,one who scored
17 and the other 0 points.

in the second game against New
Paltz, Albany was defeated by the
score of 32-13.Albany’shlgh scorer
was Karen Miller, who scored 6
points. Albany was again plagued by
the advances of agirlstnparttcular,
each of whom scored 10.

Albany did well in its foul shooting.
hitting 4 out of 8 against Duchess
County, and 7 out of 15 against New
P

to
There is going to be a home game
'tomorrow morning at 11:00 AM. in
Page Gym. Spectators are lnvtted
inconceutaMcheerforthelr

 
 
   
 
    

  

ALBANY VS. SIENA in the game of the your tomorrow night in
the Washington Ave. Armory. An SRO crowd is expected for

Springer and Gosrha‘m lil‘tihalfll'l
so hs. pr nger
{liginamlggord Ilhus far, with one 01 League Kc Ne",
his losses coming as a result of an
injury which he suffered while lead-
ing his man. Gorbam, who won the
Quadrangular at 177, suffered a log

Here are the league ll bowling

by Commissioner Walt Weinberg.

injury which caused him to miss PBS 224,
'i‘XO 21-0

UPS i5—15

AI’A 111-17

§'"d"" can 10-20

Discoun AU' 9-21

For thu past two weeks P118 and
Tiff) haw: been battling for first
place. In fro exciting matches, the

Kali li’ lime

, teams i-u-h-d up splitting 10 points,

212 Western Ave. at Qupll leaving 'vl :~; in first place by the
’ , slemieronl of margin». Even though
99'" daily ‘0'5'30 n'm' it looks in x- it two loam race there

Wednesday iii-9 mm. is still ph-niy of time for any team
to Win-wand they all have the poten-

tlal.

 

’.)

standings as of Feb, 20 submitted '1

   

     
      
     
  
  
   
   
    
 
    
 
  
    
       
   
  
     
     
   
      
    
       
   
   

‘ l
i
l

 

 

 

 

 

 

WHAT l5 l1"?

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY, NEVI YORK

Film GroupPresenis
thahial’s 'tousins’
Tonight In Ilraper

The film "The Cousins," will be
tonight’s presentation in Draper 349
at 7:30 p.m., as the American Film
Academy presents the fifth movie
of the Spring Schedule.

City-Country Mouse

Directed by Claude Chabrol, “The
Cousins" protrays the old city-
mouse country-mouse story, but
with a new twist. in this slick New
Wave retelling, it is the city cousin
who is the here. it is he, not his
hard-working, conscientious, ro-
mantic and idealistic cousin who

.h as moral force.

It is his character that is rele-
vant to the actual world. He recog-
nizes the decadence and nihilism
of his life for what it is, and he has
established a code of behavior, it
might even be construed as a code
of honor.

French New Wave
As the director, Claude Chabrol
is the showman of the French New
Wave; but he is also a moralist who
uses the dissoluto milieu of student
life for a serious, though chick,pur-

I pose.

U

"The Cousins” is a film of the
Lost Generation, with all the
glamour and romance, the easy so-
phistication and quick desperation
that the name implies.

Man To Direct Play
‘tlear'ng In Woods’,
tryouts In Be Held

e State University Theatre pro-
duction of Arthur Laurents' psycho-
logical drama, "A Clearing 1n the
Woods," scheduled for May 1
through 0, will have ltsiryoutsMon-
day and Tuesday evenings, March 6
and 7.

The play's director, Martin Mann,
stated that, in spite of the relatively
small cast of five males and five
females, the play could prove diffi-
cult to cast since each part is a
rich one requiring strong efforts by
the actor.

"This doesn't mean," Mann added
hastily, "that a person needs to be

I) experienced to try out. A willingness

O

to try is rally the only require-
ment.“ lie expressed the further
hope that there would be a large
turnout at auditions to insure some
degree of competition and choice
for each role.

Mann also expressed the wish that
especially freshmen and sopho-
mores who have not previouslypar-
ticlpated in the State University
Theatre productions will try out for
this last show of the season.

ln an attempt to improve atten-
dance, tryouts for "Clearing" will
be held on the new campus in “U 39
from 7:30 to 10:00 pm. both nights.
Those who are unable to attend try-
outs but are interested in taking
part are requested to see Mr. Mann
in till 310 to make other arrange-
ments.

Copies of “A Clearing in the
Woods" are on reserve in the li-
brary for anyone who wishes to
read the script before trying out.
A final incentive was added by Mr.
Mann when he stated that "Clear-
ing" would be an important “first”
in the new culnpus’ history since
the show will he the first to be
held outdoors.

 

    
   
  
  
  
  

   
 
    
  
    
  
 

   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 

 

 

'BROTHERS OF KAPPA Beta cluster around the Kappa Beta
Scrapbook of on open house held Sunday. IFC tormol rush be-
gins this Friday.

Flory To Speak Tonight
On Zist Century Films

John Flory, an advisor on non- vision engineers; past chairman of
theatrical films for the Eastman the audio-visual committee, Asso-
Kodak Company, will speak tonight ciation of National Advertisers; and
in the Dutch Quad Dining Room at former member of the committee
8:30 p.m, as the second speaker in for radio and audio-visual educa-
the current symposium on “Science tion, National Council of Churches
and the Future of Man,” sponsored of Christ U.S.A.
by the University's division of sci-
ence and mam. In 1962, Flory was the recipient
of the Industry Film Productions
Association Jay E. Gordon Mem-
orial Award for an “outstanding
contribution to industrial films."

The guest lecturer will be intro-
duced by Donald S. Allen, professor
of chemistry at the University.
Parking facilities are located in the
quadrangle's parking lot at the
northwest corner of the campus.

Mr. Flory's subject will be
"Films, 21st Century." in his cap-
acity as a consultant in Kodak’s
Motion Picture and Educational
Markets Division, Mr. Flory com-
municates with individuals and or-
ganizations throughout the country
which use motion pictures and other
audiovisuals.

Former Director

Flory is a veteran of more
33 years in the motion picture ' ’
field. His background includes pro- e  o 
ducing, directing, writing, and dis-
tributing motion pictures. He spent George s_ Kaufman and Marc
five years ‘n Hollywood where he Connolly’s play, "Merton of the
was 0“ “18 Prodl-ICUOD 5m" 0’ Pﬁrﬂ- Movies," under the direction of
mount matures. IM- James M. Leonard, will run Wed--

nesday through Saturday, March 15-

In the decade prior to 1950 Mr. 15. 1" Page Hall. at 3:30 13-m-
Flory was president ofFlory Films, The play portrays all the flam-
lnc., New York City, successors to hoyance and excitement of the Jazz
Grant, Flory, and Williams, Inc., A88. In keemng WWI "131 lone»
producers and distributors of a tickets for “Merton” will go on
variety of films. sale Wednesday, March 1, to the
music of the "Roaring Twenties"
and the silent movie age.

One of the largest productions
ever staged by the University's
State University Theatre, "Merton"
tells the very simple story of a

lie is a graduate of Yale Univer-
sity and a former member of the
editorial staff of the Scripps-llow-
ard daily newspaper, "Tile Cleve-
land Press.”

Mr. Flory is a Fellow of the‘So-

ciety of Mono“ plow", and Tele_ wood with stars in his eyes and a

head full of illusions.
All the sham and hollowness of

a series of definitely un-serious
adventures. Merton eventually suc-

nelly create comic situations rem-

comedies.

Tickets for the play will be on
sale every weekday until the end
of the run, and may be obtained in
person, or by calling the State Uni-
versiiy Theatre box office between

11:16 am. and 3:30 p.m. Since a
large advance sale is expected, it
has been suggested that tickets be
reserved early. Tickets are $1.50
or Student Tax.

John Flory

67

g Candidates Irlunning'

Hollywood is revealed by taking the .
title character, MortonGill,through ‘

tniscent of the great silent-screen .

VOL. Llll, NO. 6

For Elections . Now

Voting will take place for candi-
dates running for class, officers,
Central Council rep! .cement rep-
resentatives, and MYSKANIA in the
student Association office, Campus
Center, 361, tomorrow, Thursday
and Friday from 9-5 and on the
:inner lines Wednesday and Thurs-

ay.

Nominees accepted by the MYS-
KANlA screening committee include
Charles Bartlett, Suzanne Budd,Su-
san Chapnlck, William Cleveland,
Daniel Dubin, John Fotia, Michael
Ginsburg, Judy Hal-lung, Lynn He-
witt, Alexander Krackower, Anne
Lee and Ray McCloat.

Also accepted by the screening
committee are Robert Mulvey, Lar-
ry Pixley, Carol Rosenthal, Maddie
Schnabel, Marsha Schonblom, Diane
Somervllle, Richard Stevens, Carol-
yn Walling and John Webb.

Michael Ginsburg, John Falls and
Richard Stevens were recommended
by MYSKANIA.

There are also candidates run-
ning for positions on Central Coun-
cil. From the Alumni Quad are Nor-
man Banks, Linda Bosco, Lee Bros-
sky, Victor Looper and James Wins-
low. Marcia Cruz, David Cummings,
James Hargraves, Richard Long-
shore and Aileen Schlef are running
for Central Council from the Co-
lonial Quad.

For Living Area Affairs Commis-
sion Maria Balmenti is running from
the Dutch Quad; Jack Cramer, Mar-
cia Cruz and Robert Furlong from
the Colonial Quad; Fran thz from
the Alumni Quad and Judith Mills
from Commuters.

John Canfleld and William Cleve-
land are running for president of
the class of 1908; Tony Glaser,
Donovan Kretser and lgor Koroluk
for vice-president; Andrew Mathias
and Kenneth Walker for treasurer,
and Margaret Dietz for secretary.

James Krustangel. and Jeffrey

W leonard Directs Jazz Age Play

March 15-18

There should be no trouble find-
ing the box office ("U 139). Just
walk into the Humanities building
and listen for the music of the
"Twenties." A special added at-
traction will be available for a
more visit to the box office. For
a limited time only, the first fifty
people to buy tickets each day will
receive, FREE, a copy of the new
"Merton of the Movies" game. Be
the first on your block to get a free
preview of Merton's adventures in
Hollywood. v

young man who goes west to llclly- . v'

coeds, hut in a way as unlikely as V I
ever imagined. Kaufman and Con- ,

TELITHON TALENT will feature thi' bend under the direc-

Mishkin are competing for the po-
sition of president of the class of
'69. Judy Osdoby and Richard Pa-
teri are running for vice-president.
Rosemary Cania is running for sec-
rotary.

Candidates for the class of1970
are Stephen Cherniske, Gregory
Hicks and Leonard Kopp for pres-
ident; David Frankel, Victor Looper
and Barry Welnstein for vice-pres-
ident; Joseph Cardamone, Doreen
Frankel, Terry Mathias and Peter
Pavone for treasurer; Linda Bosco,
Gwen McLaughlin and Janice Mllnar
for secretary.

Delegates' Action

lastlfeeiii Cornell
iiscussedlntwncil

The major part of the Central
Council meeting Thursday night was
a discussion of the Cornell Confer-
ence and its subsequent results.
Under old business Jeff Mishkin,
Henry Made] and Sy Zacher ex-
plained their reasons for leaving
the Conference early.

During the questioning of the con-
ference one of the delegates stated
that the method of selecting a reso-
lution on the war was slanted and
that there was much criticism Just
for the sake of criticism. Joseph
Mahay replied that he saw nothing
wrong with criticism for the sake
of criticism.

Harold Lynne, an observer at the
meeting, noted that neither Mishkin
nor Made] had provided any specifics
on the Conference. Cleveland then
asked the Conference delegates to
write a complete report.

Later in the meeting it was de-
cided that the next meeting of the
Council would be March 2 and the
Vietnam issue would be discussed
at length.

The discussion became involved
with when the referendum would be
and the resolutions so there will be
further discussion at the next meet-
ing this week.

Doug Upham, finance committee
chairman, announced that all or-
ganizations must have their 67-68
budgets prepared by March 10.

A new procuedure for nominating
students for committees was ap-
proved by Council. A standard ap-
plication will be available to stu-
dents at the beginning of the school
year. Anyone that might be inter-
ested in being placed on a commit-
tee durlng the year may file this
application indicating their field of
interest.

     

.u r

"on of trumpeter Louis. Strong. The 'oend, who has volunteered

their services for all 24 hours of
held March lO-ll,
and John Foils.

Mental Health Telethon to be

is seen practicing with ringers Frieda Scott

  

 

