  
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
 
 
 

  
 
  
  

 

 

 

 

l
i
(

“Fist-.2131...  .. 

~ 

 

 

 

SECOND FLOOR LOUNGE ol the Library is among the facilities which have recently been opened
to students. These lounges are provided for casual conversation and smoking during study breaks.

 
 

 

- or?

i

 

New Sections 0f Library Opened,

Offer ‘

'l'he seCona and third floors of
the University Library were opened
for student use over the interces-
ysion break. Although the library is
not yet completed, the opening of
the upper two floors was a major
move towards completion.

Last fall the Library had the
choice of remaining in Hawley or
moving out to the new campus and
operating around the workmen. They
chose the latter course and have
succeeded in bringing all the books

that the University owns into one-

spot.
When the Library is completed,

More Space, Facilities

Pm‘lment is headed by Mr- Daniel Edward Durell Stone, wereordered.
NOWDUTY. With Dr- Gerlrlhle Stellar However, there still will be a num-
and Mrs.Nancy Helleras assistants. ber- 01 larger desks for those Who
Mrs. Francis Miller is in charge require them.
oi the education section on the first The library also plans to obtain
floor, and Miss Marion Munzer ands number of fiction books-for re-
Miss Monica Cauliteld are in charge iaxing reading. The funds for these
01 the University (3011989 division. books were made available from
Ml‘ﬁv Whirl! Lunhlrl heads the some money left to the library by
Science and Math Division with Mr. the classes of ’33 and '34. These
Richard Kimball to assist her. books will be located in the lounges.
Materials for undergraduates are Smoking will be permitted in cer-
centered on the main floor, and a min designated areas, and other
special staff to help and encourage areas will be set aside prilnarily
students has been recruited. Addi- for casual conversation and meet-
tional microfilm viewers have been ing places.

' The National College Queen Con- ,,

test is now in progress. Anyone

>- Who fulfills, the qualiﬁcations may

enter tilts-contest.

To be eligible to participate in
tins contest a girl must be between
the ages of 17-22 and single. Each
contestant must submit the Official
'Entry Blank in addition'to a recent
photograph of herself.

State Finalists will receive an
all-expense paid trip to New York
City where they will meetthe mayor
of the city and stars of broadway
shows. They will also participate
in forums with the winners from
all fifty states. Finalists will also
appear on nationwide television.

The winner of the contest will re-
ceive prizes including a vacation
in Europe, all automobile and other
valuable gifts.

    

This is not a beauty contest. At
no time will the girls appear in
bathing with. It is a test on gen.
eral intelligence, qualities of lead-
ership, ability to converse and per-
sonality.

The candidates will discuss a
variety of topics including educa-
tion, campus life, literature and
career goals.

Contestants may be nominated by
anyone or any group such as a
sorority. Individuals may also apply
for applications.

The address to which one may
write or wire is
National College Queen Contest
Committee
P. O. Box 935
New York, New York 10023
The purpose of the contest is to
find "the nation’s most outstanding
college girl." Applications must be
in by February 28.

salllnarnhesﬁ—r‘ "t. s‘
 OutStanding College Girl

0

around April 1, according to Miss received by the library, and they
Alice Hastings, it will be like this. will be distributed throughout the
The science department will be library.
on the basement level, the Unt- only general information maga-
versity College material on the zines are now available on the first
first level, the Humanities depart- floor. More specialized periodicals
ment on the second, and the Social are available in the various depart-
Science department on the third. ments to which they are most per-
For each of these departments tinent.
there will be specialists to help
students locate and use materials. New student carrels, individual
Dr. William Clarkln is in charge seats that allow for maximum con-
of the Social Science division,.with centration should arrive soon. A
Mr. Robert Chatterton, Mrs. Ruth survey revealed that students would
Aronson, and Mr. Man Chowdhury rather study at individual desks,
as assistants. The Humanities de- and thus the carrels, designed by

The library is looking into other
methods of aiding the students.
There are listening rooms with re-
cordings available to students. in
addition, there are phonographs on
carts that can be taken by a student
to his desk to use. In the future,
there will be tapes in addition to
records.

Among the more exciting possi-
bilities is a small video tape pro-
jector that can be used by an in-
dividual for televise learning. The
library is also experimenting with
the possibilities of a fascimile
transmission machine, that will al-
low a student to get a copy of an
article from a periodical at another
college almost instantly and for a
minimal charge.

The library plans to keep the
main card catalog on the main floor,
and use computerized book catalogs
on the other floors. The use of this
'method will allow the library to

llll

Hi It iiiiiii III

MISS ALICE HASTINGS, University Librarian, and stall have

been working hard to get new

students. Expected completion of all library lacilitlu is now

lillllilliill

“iiillitl'l

 

keep its lists more up-to-date, and
eventually allow distribution to pro-
fessor’s offices and student rosi-
dence areas.

The library building will also
contain a seminar room, a‘ rare
'book room, a typing room, with
lockers for typewriters, or coin-
-operated typewriters.

Miss Hastings wished to thank
the students for their cooperation
with the check-out system now in
operation.

on;-
-4

The final judging for the Univer-
sity's representative to GLAMOUR
Magazine's “’l‘en Best-Dressed
College Girls" competition will be
at 8:00 p.m. this Sunday, February

Campus Center.

semi-finalils selected

to the judges.

sections at the library ready tor

 

SOME STUDENTS FEEL there has been improvement in serv.
ices altered by Food Service. Here students on the Colonial
QUAD are shown eating a candlelight dinner on Valentine's
Day. An added attraction at the dinner was the music of a live
band, the 'Exclusives'.

Students Notice Improvements
In Food Service Quality

hY curl Ll"d°"‘°" Quality Selection
- Out of the people interviewed only
A recent silldenl PO” conduaed a few had complaints concerning the
on campus has Show“ lhhi m°5l quality and selection of food. Cherie
students agree on tile improvement Levy, Dutch Quad, commented “mi
of Food Service within the last few «Once m nwmle the", is a Change,
months. The P0“. lake" 0“ “‘9 but you feel it is for an inspection
Colonial 811d DUlCh Quads. “Shed and then the change disappears.”
students if they thought there haveﬁuhough the selection is greater,
been any changes ill the operation of a few Sludems Sm; expressed u“,
Food Service. opinion tllat the quality of tile food
The most popular improvements has not improved.

10, 1907, in the Ballroom of the

A panel of judges representing
the faculty and students will select
the winner from the group of six
last night.

They were selected on the basis
of their essay on "The Campus
Look," along with a folder ofphoto.
graphs each contestant submitted

Each girl will nlodel three on-
sembies for the final judging. En-
trants are Diane Camp, Diana Beva,
Mona Kurtz, Wendy MacNalr, Alex-
is Smith, Ann ’i'enllrook, Ellen Tall-
ner. Leslee Teklin. Terry Vilchef.

have been tllo servillg of ice cream
at each evening meal, the use of
real butter and tile greater selec-
tion of salads and desserts.

Broaklost

Tile introduction of two types of
eggs for tile breakfast menl has also
received a favorable response.
Cathy Cullerton of Psi Gnmmafeols
that breakfast is fantastic because
of the two types of was. She feels
there is new variety a (1 quality that
was not there before the improve-
moms.

Dill Cleveland, president of Can-
tral Council, tilought there were def-
inite improvements, especially in
the selections offered at both the
breakfast and dinner meals.

Main Courses

A few students expressed the opin.

Vince Abrnmo, Vice-president of
Student Association, who is working
ill the area of improvement lll Food
Service, also feltthat improvements
were being made. He cited the ice
cream, butter and greater selection
as examples. Working with the Hood
of the Commissary, Mr. Fluke, on
the construction of the menus, in-
explained that the student will ho
able to choose from four types of
desserts and will eventually lmvo ll
choice of main dinners every cvc—
nlng.

in addition to the improvements
cited above, Mr. Clll‘l‘OW, lloud L‘lliof
of the Colonial Quad Kitchen, also
indicated students lnuy come back
for seconds in desserts. He also

ion that the main courses needed expressed concern for tho wuslc of
improvement. Ellis Kaufman (Col, lood that has been occurring.

Quad) thought that the "ice cream,

variety of fruit and the real butter

Complaints

now being served are nice, but v Abramo also stressed that uhy
larger proportion oithemoiu course complal'lls COHCBI‘MHS 89mm 01‘
should be served. Gary Roughing" quality of food should be written
also tau hm: hm proporums were out and taken to the Student Asso-

small.
Tile two cllolces offered at some
dinners were not adequate, accord—

ing to Barbara Spiogal (Brubacher).
She reasoned that often the choices 2" an" complains“ The Inner WM
.1  ‘3

wnl‘n altllnr mumml

ciuiion Office, Room 301.

The letter should contain the hu-
iurc of the complaint, the day luld
meal it occurred on and be Showd

nrmunllnt in it... I‘nnll

Ci

 

Fill-r: February", rm

  

 

 

  

     

 
 

  
 

 

 
   
   
   
     
    

  
 

  
 

'67, with Terry Licona. Aim of
mative people or groups on the
age student participation by set
they can pose to guest speakers

WSUA'S JOHN FLEITMAN will co-host a new show, Expose

new show is to present infor-
air every week, and to encour-
ting up a hot line lor questions

Program to Consider ilueslions
ill Women’s Hours, Alcohol

Expose 67 makes its debut on
radio station WSUA, at 8 p.m. Sun-
day, Feb. 18. The show’s first
guest is scheduled to be Dr. Rich-
ard Kendall who will talk about

I. alcohol on the Campus and women's

hours at SUNYA, with co-hosts John
Fleitman and Terry Lickona.
Expose 67 is unique because for

the first time it will allow students leaders,

to call and ask the guest questions
during the show.

The program which is designed
to encourage student contributions,
and possibly in the future, even
opinions over a “beeper” phone,

WSUA Poll Shows
Students Favor

n Tllvtl‘chhl iioll

0

it

SUA recently took a survey of its
listeners to determine what they
wanted to hear on the station, what
they liked and didn't like. When
asked what was their favorite type
of music, 55.68% of those polled
favored the top 40.

The next most popular type of
music was folk gaining the favor
of 11.93% of those asked. The third
favorite was easy listening followed
by Broadway.

“Very good" was the ratingofthe
reception of WSUA by 53.22%. The
question asking for the comparison
between WSUA and professional
radio stations received the rating
of “better than pros” by 17% while
52% said it was “as good as the
pros."

Richard Stevens, WSUA program
director has made a statement con-
cerning this survey. He commented
“These results are very encour-
aging, bllt we intend to do some-
thing more about them than to mar-
vel at the paper they’re written on

plans to have an informative figure
or group on the air each week.

Among those whom Fleitman and
Lickona hope to have on, are Con-
gressman Dan Button, and Mayor
Corning of Albany. They also plan

to have discussions with student
including possibly those
of the Students for a Democratic
Society.

Expose 67 is based upon the old
"Comment" show on WSUA, which
it is replacing. Foremost in the
improvements made will be the
introduction of audience partici-

pation. Additionally, Fleitman and
Lickona hope to widen the sphere
of events discussed on the show,
and still maintain a concern with
students, and student problems.

Siena Sponsors
‘Rascals ’ Concert

Tile Student Senate of Siena Col-
lege and radio station WTRY will
jointly sponsor a concert featuring
“The Young Rascals" on Tuesday,
February 21, in Gibbons Hall at
Siena College ill Loudonviilc. All
proceeds of the corlcert will go to-
wards S.C.O.R.E., the Summer
Community Organization for Re-
creation and Education.

The members of the famous rock
group include Felix Cavaliere on
organ, Dino Dalliclli on drums, Ed-
die Brigati on bass, :uld Gene Cor-
nish on lead guitar.

Other groups on the progrmn are
“Tile Grey Things" and "The Lion-

IFG To Present British Mod-Elm

runs”

 

‘The Knack" Termed Masterpiece

Richard Lester's mod master-
piece, “The Knack" is the second
program of the semester presented
by the International Film Group.

Lester, who also directed "A
Hard Day’s Night,” "Hepi" and “A
Funny Thing Happened on the Way
to the Forum," has taken Ann Jel-
licoe’s Tlieater-of—the-Absurd play
and created one of the most spark-
ling and wildly funny films of re-
cent years.

Emrich Named To New Post

The. story deals with two young
men, Colin and Tolen: Tolen has
the "knack" of getting girls, Colin
is shy and fearful around them.
The plot is enlivened by the pres-
ence of Tom. a young Irish artist
who can't stand colors and hence
paints everything he sees white.
When Nancy, a country girl comes
to London and seeking the YWCA
enters, dizzy cinematic fireworks
are set off.

In Criminal Justice Dept.

The appointment of Dr. Robert
L. Emricll as assistant dean of the
School of Criminal Justice at State
University of New York at Albany
has been approved by the Board of
Trustees of State University of New
York.

.Dr. Emrich, presently with the
U. S. Department of Justice Office
of Law Enforcement Assistance, will
join the school faculty lnMay. From
196"-1966, Dr. Emrich was asso-
eluted with the Hughes Aircraft
Company Technical Analysis Office
working on a project for the U. S.
Air Force Office of Scientific Re-
search.

Early in 1966 he joined the Wash-
ington department where he is the
grant program manager for science
and technology and consultant to
the President’s Commission on Law
Enforcement and the Administration

   

Placement Notices

PLACEMENT SERVICE

Education
Feb. 20: Freeport, L.i. Schools
“Feb. 20: R.P.1.-graduate school in-
tervfews

Feb. 21: Onteora Central Schools
Corning-Painted Post School Dis-
trlct

Feb. 22: Burnt-Hills-Ballston Lake
Thornwood Schools; Hyde Park;
Liverpool Central Schools

Feb. 28: State of Hawaii;
Plains Public Schools

Feb. 24: N. Y. Mills, Skaneateles
Central Schools

White

General Program
Feb. 20: Peat, Marwick, Mitchell 8:
Co. Accountants only; W.T.Grant
«majors in business or liberal
arts for jobs in store manage-
ment.

Feb. 21: Union Carbide Corp. -
bachelor and master degree call-
didates ill physical or biological
sciences for research and de-
velopment positions; also math
and M.B.A.'s.

Feb. 24:1.B.M. - business admin-
istration, math, physics, and
l-llelllisll'y majors only. G. Fox-

   

of Justice.
Dr. Emrich received his bachelor

_of arts degr'e from the University

of Chicago in 1955, and the master
of arts degree from Chicago in 1958.
He was awarded the Ph.D. degree by
the University of Oregon in 1962.

In addition to the administrative
appointment, Dr. Emrich is being
given concurrent appointment as
associate professor of criminal jus-
tice for three years.

Lester directs with vivid; explo-

sive verve, and several scenes hark, '1‘
back to the days of silent comedy. _

"The Knack” has won several prizes
at major international film festivals.

“The Knack'h will be presented
this Friday at 7:00 and 9:15 in Draper
349. A ticket is required for admis-
sion, and those interested should
check in the Humanities lobby to
see if there are any left.

NOTICES 7

Peace Corps
The Peace Corps Placement Test
will be given on February 22, 1967
at 1:15 p.m. in 55119. Peace Corps
application forms and further infor-
mation can be obtained from Miss
Mangeot at Placement Service, Ed-
ucation 115. Telephone: 457-8251.

    

Summer Planning Conference

There will be a general meeting
for all students interested in ap-
plying for positions as conference

assistants in the third floor faculty”

lounge in HU on Tuesday, Feb. 21
at 7:00 p.m. For information on
suggested qualifications see story
in this issue.

'Exam’ [lame Satirizes foibles
ill People, Things In The News

by Ed Schwartz
The College Press Service

(CPS) WASHINGTON, Jan. 10 --
Wind-up dolls have had their day;
magazine hybrids never got started;
"would you believe," has been run
into the ground -- it's time for
something now. With finals now
past, a new rhetorical pastime sug-
gests itself -- exams for the ex-

The draft exam: You try to cut
the class.

The Richard Nixon exam: You
give ten different answers to each
question.

The Martin Luther King exam:
You use the same technique as on
the last test but it doesn't work.

The General Ky exam: You keep
asking for more time. ‘

The Jimmy Hoffa exam: You didn't

  
 
 

 
  
 
 

 
     
      
           
      

 

aminem “The examined" are those know the material on the others
whose foibles are on the collective ellhel‘. bl" this is the one you flunk.
lips of the nation. The exams are The POP 3“ exam: You hand in a
designed to represent those foibles. blank Piece 0‘ P3991" -

The following are several to get the The Jeanne mm“ exam: YWN‘S'
' wer all the questions to the next

ball rolling:

xam.

The Hubert Humphrey exam: You The Lyndon Johnson exam: You
start off with an original thesis, but can't banal/e the wswer5_
end by repeating the lectures ver- '
batim.

The Bob Dylan exam: Good ans- EDITOR'S NOTE: Our own col-
wers, but you can't read the hand- umnist, Martin Schwartz, has lion-
wrlting. ored us with a few of his clever

The William Manchester exam: selections which are in some cases
You have to cross out half the essay. appropriate for our campus.

The Warren Commission exam: The President Collins exam: You
Convincing at first glance, buttends remark that your answer is “in
to fall apart on second reading. committee."

The Stokeiy Carmichael exam: The Vice-President Thorns ex-
Most of the class flunks. am: same as the President Collins

The George Hamilton [1] exam: exam.

You flunk the exam, but get all “A” The Primer exam: You make
in the course. simple things pornographic to be

Tile Adam Clayton Powell exam: sensationalist.

You get caught cheating. The ASP exam: You strive for

The TIME Magazine exam: Your illiteracy.
style is entertaining, but your eon- . The City of Albany exam: You
tent is distorted. decline to answer any of the ques-

Tlle Cassius Clay exam: You get thns.
sidetracked by answers that have The Pet exam: it's terrible but

galleu.” Tickets are on sale at the

11'“ lllujors for openings ill retail nothing to do with the course,

you don’t care.

or to put ourselves on the back."

Anyone interested ill asklngques-
tioils about the engineering aspects
of WSUA and [is move to the new
campus may do so tomorrow at
In mm. in lirubacllcr, Room 5.

Leaders Invited

To New Workshop

Camp Dippikfll will be the site
this weekend for a leadership work-
shop sponsored by the Student Aci-

local music stores for $3.50.

tivities Office and Central Council. .. I

The leaders of various campus or-
ganizations will meet with each other

in committees and discuss mutual '

problems.

There will be ten committees and
each participant is expected to at-
tend two meetings. There will be
committees to discuss atmosphere,
committees, communication, deci-
sion making, discussions, method-
ology, motivation, planning a meet-
ing, roles, and small group-large-
group,

Dr. Donald Dollley will be the
keynote speaker. Other faculty par-
ticipants include: Ralph Beisler,
Joseph Blackman, Floyd Brewer,
Nell Brown, Miss Patricia Ducke
halter, Miss Alice Corbin, Mrs.
Joseph Garcia and Charles Smith.

Buses for the event are leaving

the New Campus at 9 p.m. Satur-
riml amt will A l l.

1..-... hlnnlbill

:‘stin'e work.

 

THE YOUNG RASCALS will porlorrn at a Charity Concert spen-
sored by Siena College and WTRY Tues., Feb. 2], at 8:00 p.m.

The Ronald Reagan exam; The The A. William Clark exam: It's
same exam given in two different great. bill you don’t tlulle Wider-
coul-ses. stand it.

The Dean Rusk exam: You repeat The Food Service exam: You try
the some answers over and over like hell. bill YOU llllhk (“WWW-
llgnin. The Philosophy Department ex-

am: You fall asleep in the middle

The Beatles exam: You scream 0 u.
as soon as you see it. Tile Mayor Corning exam: Every-

The Robert Kennedy 8Xﬂm=Prelly one conveniently forgets about it.
EOOd. bUl not "early 85 800d “5 the The Edward Dul‘ell Stone exam:
last one. You bilild everyone with yourethlcal

'l'ho JOlhlhy Carson 9X31“: The appeal while writing asecond-i‘ate
professor interrupts you every ten answer,
minutes for further instructions. The Playboy Man]; You get stuck

The George Romney exam: You ,m the middle.
decline to answer the most diffl- The Reader's Digest exam: You
Cllll Questions. fill two exam booklets but you con-

The Students for a Democratic dellse it by banding in only one.
Society exam: You attack ille pro- The Student Camel- exam; You
fossor's sex life. can't find tile room to take it in.

The Bill Moyers exam: You shoot The Library exam: You can't find
your bolt on the first two questions the questions.
and leave early. The Greek exam: You write very

The Marshall McLuhan exam: Re~ short answers.
turned with a large question mark. The Women's Hours exam: You

The LSD exam: You take twelve may not have to take it.
hours to finish it and two days to The Liquor Proposal
recuperate. You're going to love taking it.

The New York City exam: You Tile Sigma Lambda Sigma exam:
can’t pull any of your answersto- You split your ansncrs into two
gather. groups.

Tile Charles De Geulle exam: You The Sigma Tau Beta exam: .One
announce to the class that you don't person writes the answers for the
want to take it. whole class.

The George Wallace exam: Your The MYSKANIA exam:

BXBlni

No- nm

r... -5...

 l....w.:. .

 

