  
 
  
 
 

  

 

, . Mam” ,

.. M- _«r-n.....«...._ ..

l

illumination;.giwiduherlimited to 300 words end are eubioct to e

 

 

 

 

m. ls tonluSed?

.If nothing else can be noted as an outstanding fea-
zure on this campus, surely confusion must stand out
id most representative of Albany State. In the past
veek, we have been making a concerted effort to find
out the status of the proposal on women’shours which
lsl’apparently in committee. '
The original reason for this inquiry is the con-
fusion among the general student body as to the state
of affairs. Most people seem to think that Central
Council as a whole is working on this proposal. The
administration has informed us that the Committee
on Residences, a faculty-student committee, is charged
withiwriting up this proposal. Ratification for the
finished product must then be obtained by Living Af-
_fa:i?§90cimmission, Student Affairs Council, Faculty
senate, and the President of the University.

precancerous however, that the proposal is being
vir'rt'teii'by' Living Affairs Council, a student arm of
Central, 'Council. with the intention of obtaining the
Approvalxof the Committee on Residences and Central
Commit as a whole if and when it is passed by the
or ig'inal committee.

.On'Llfurther inspection, it seems that this is the
correct procedure to follow, although approval by
Central Council is totally unnecessary. and, if the
Council is to do anything but pass a bill of support,
possibly detrimental.

It is not altogether clear whether or not Living
Affairs Commission is completely sure of the correct
procedure to follow. In any case, there are very few
people who are completely sure of the powers which
are entrusted to the myriad of committees and coun-
cils on this campus.

It is to the advantage of all concerned for all of

these various bodies who have to work together to
find out exactly where they stand in relation to one
another. In addition, perhaps a few of them could
find out the powers they may actually wield. If this
would be done, perhaps such groups as Living Affairs
Commission would avoid delays such as, they incurred
by wdrking under false assumptions for quite awhile.

The person who is usually aware of these facts is
Mr. Neil C. Brown, Jr., Director of Student Activi-
ties. He would be more than happy, he tells us, to
answer any questions which individuals or groups may
have in relation to rules. powers, and procedures.
Perhaps if more people took advantage of his ability
we would not have the confusion and resultant delays
that so well characterize this campus.

The Albany Student Press

 

is o semi-weekly newspaper published by the Student
Association of the State University of New Vork ot Albany, the ASP oltice, Io-
¢eted in Room 364 of the Campus Center at 1223 Western Avenue, is open from
 Sunday thru Thursday night or may in reached by dialing

MARGARET DUNLAP and SARA KITTSLEY
Co-Edltors-ln-Chiel

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Lind: 8-4.... A." Edna,
Kate 4 " -' sNews Ejltor
.“ orts ltor

tut 5,15%}, ......................... .. Associate SSorls Editor
Brute “I'm-I" Advertislng Manager
stuort Lubert Photography Editor
my art..." _ ' Heine" Manager
Linda VonPotten...¢«’fa.... ..Technlco| Supervisor
Joseph Silve ....... ..‘ . . . . . . . "Executive Editor

.4" communists ions mustlb'e addressed to the editor and must be signed. Com-"
, , r m . Th
Albdny Studtnt Press assumes no responsibility Ior opinions expresseggln it:

yobmns undisommtinlcotions as such expressions do not neceuoriiy retiect

Yes, but the tunnels mentioned in the brochure are only for inclement weather.

I communication l

Questions Priority

To the Editor:

I have never been so incensed
over any failure of a public service
in my life. For over a mo'nth,l
have been anticipating the College
Bowl contest in which Albany State
was to be a participant. This eve-
ning, I turned on the television only
to see a golf tournament.

The complaint I register is not
against golf, nor is it against TV,
but it is against the supreme stu-
pidity of the programming priority
at Channel Six. A championship in
any sport is important.

Certainly a tournament including
one of the few local universities
must have more broadcast appeal
than the golf match shown. If this
were not the case, it would at least
have local news importance. One
week from today that importance
may be nil. "

If the above were the only fault,
I would not be prone to write, but
it was compounded by the failure

to adequately inform the audience'

of the schedule change. I saw no
program note interjected duringlast
week's College Bowl show when the
match was announced.

Such a complete breakdown be-
tween audience should not be toler-
ated.

Unfortunately, a letter cannot con-
vey the anger which moves my pen.
I hope that some future even will
not also find WRGB napping with only
a feeble excuse to answer the justl-
fiable inquiries of justifiably upset
viewers.

Ira Paul Rubtchinsky

74c .45?
Oil“
34 flow

 

5o ﬂoor» 364

Cam/(u 6mm

74m
457—2/70
457-2/74

 

 

 

“2 views.

 

 

.. by Martin Schwartz and Joy Resevsliy

‘lThe‘Moving Finger writes: and havingwrit,
Moves on: nor all your‘ Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to 'canoel half a Line;
Nor all your Tears wash out-a word of it."

Omar Khayyam,
/

MOVING FINGER: We would like to express our deep
appreciation to all of those who took the time to
dip their pens in poison and send on in their sug-
gestions for which statements we should publicly
apologize. Keep the fan letters coming, kiddies.
We love you!

BLEAK GREEK: Congratulations are in order for the
sisters of Sigma Alpha for jumping on the band-
wagon of immaturity. If you can't see eye to eye
with your brothers and sisters, why learn com-
promise when it is so easy to form your own
Greek? Whatever happened to the rules which kept
disaffiliates from pledging for a year?

HAPPINESS IS: We would like to apologize to the
many sisters of Sigma Phi Sigma and Phi Delta
who have expressed concern over never having
been dumped on in this column. Unfortunately, it is
not easy to dump on such non—descript objects.
We’ll do our best, though.

WHO ASKED?: This being our first column in 1967 ,
we like to introduce yet another cliche by offering:

Central Council will get somethingaccomplished.

Rod Gilbert will get another goal this season.

Inter—fraternity Council will set a limit of 15 new
fraternities allowed to form each year.

Albany District Attorney John T. Garry II will say
or do something intelligent. ‘

Dr. Werner will find out how easy it is to build a
stellar athletic department without school support.

The Automobile Body Shop Association will award
Edward Durell Stone for designing a system of road-
ways with an accident per automobile ratio second
to none.

‘ By March let it will become clear to everyone

that Albany State needs a new Student Center with

narrow halls and large rooms rather than the op-
posite. It may not look as good, but it will be func-
tional (if that is allowed on this campus).

The ASP will get better before it gets worse (it
has to).

Some committee. somewhere, faculty or student,
will finish their work and announce some results.

Clark Kerr will become head of our campus
police. .

The United States will send 100,000 more men
to Viet Nam and then stop North-South infiltration by
locking arms at the border.

England will sell the Rock of Gibralter to France
who will re-name it De Gaulle Stone.

The Procrastinator’s Club will not meet again
this semester.

The Library will have a book that someone
needs.

QUESTION OF THE WEEK: Does one of our new fra-

ternities know that black and gold is Phi Delta’s

golorlis? At least Phi Delt writes their name in
ree .

loam Work

The entire staff of the ASP wouldlike to extend their
congratulations to the members of the College Bowl
team for their fine showing on the national television
program last week.

After seeing the ShQW twice. we counted at least
five specific times that St. Mary’s beat our team to
the buzzer by times of'1/10th of a second or less and
we are sure that therégre others.

Special notice also must be given for all of the
assistance received from the technical staff. The
team was able to practice on benches resembling the
one used on the show. The television crew got the
team used to working before cameras and prepared
with much labor the film clip shown at halftime.

Our only regrets was the total lack of support given
to our team by this campus. Despite many appeals by
Mr. Gunn. the faculty advisor to the team. for other
members of the faculty to assist in training the team.
there was almost a unanimous rejectionby our faculty.

With this handicap to consider. we can only have a
higher regard for the team and Mr. G nfor managing
to portray such a fine image atypr University.

. M at,

[under me calmer lntolli‘soooo

m

 

 

 

 
 
  
 

 

. .i -.
lEi’IEI
"4'.
i

l

 
   
 
  
 
  
    
  
   
 
 

 
 
 

  
  
   
  
   
  
   

 

STUDENT ART Exhibit begins todc

art room is an example of student endeavors.

Manchester’s History
Flctlonollzed Account

 

Actor Robert Clayton
Reel—lilo 'Merton’

by Ellis Koutmon

Actor Robert Clayton, who is play-
ing the part of Amos Gashwiler in
the State University Theatre pro-
duction of Merton of the Movies,
responded to an article in the New
York Times with the same vigor
which Merton tries to enter Holly-
wood.

Mlke Nichols is having some
trouble casting the leading role in
one of his upcoming movies and
spoke about this problem in the
Times. Actor Clayton, in true Mer-
ton fashion, immediately wrote to
Mike Nichols requesting consid-
eratlon.

When Clayton received word from
one of Nichols' Casting Consultants
that pictures were necessary to be
considered, he went to a small town
photographer to have some stills
made. The photographer is in Sayre,
Pa. which corresponds beautifully
with Merton’s photographer in Sims-
bury, 111.

Mr. Robert Dcunelly the technical
designer for Merton has designed a
set which is lnore complex than
anything which has ever been put on
Page stage.

iééé

A fictionalized narrative of hur-
ried and confused events and clever
political maneuvering with a back-
ground of impending tragedy and
anti-Johnsonism describes the much
overpublicized "The Death of a
President" by William Manchester.

The author has achieved an amount
of candor in his account which al-
lows the reader to become lost in
the interest of the day's events and
the supposed sideline of political
maneuvering which, in fact, usurps
the spotlight.

The lightness of subject treat-
ment extends even to evoking laugh-
ter with anecdotes of the Presl-
dent’s concern over his wife’s
clothes, hats and hairdo. At times,
however, Manchester's detailing is
somewhat overwhelming as in the
discussion of the Warren Commis-
sion Report and explanation of the
path of the motorcade, to mention
only two.

This cluttering with detail to cre-
ate an aura of authenticity for this
at best questionable account is as
misleading as the seeming lack of
broad emotionality. The overdrama-
tizaticn of the Oswald account makes
up in full for the certainly desir-
able nearly complete absence of the
aura of impending doom in the first
sections.

The scenes of Oswald’s mental
deterioration represent a complete
and obvious flctionalizatlon. Not only
was no competent psychiatrist pre-
sent at 9 p.m. on Nov. 21 when this
supposedly took place (and this would
have been necessary for the verifi-
cation of this material) but neither
was an extensive examination pos-
sible between the time when Oswald
was apprehended and the moment
when he was murdered.

Furthermore, the events inside
the warehouse may only be depicted
through conjecture and certainly no
one could claim to know, probably
not even the assassin himself, his

 

a

-67

 

  
 
 
  
  
 

 

y in the gallery of the Campus Center. This display found in on

exact feelings as he pulled the trig-
ger for the second time.

A close inspection of the begin-
ning chapters reveals the probable
source of the controversy which
brought so much publicity of the
account: a definite line of anti-
Johnsonism

Had William Manchester never at-
tempted this book, literature would
have missed a well-written work.
History, however, would have been
spared another fictionally tainted
volume on an overused subject
which, a hundred years from now,
may possibly be treated semi-ob—
jectively.

With the opening of the new Campus lite. .
first art show to consist entirely of stu ,
being erected as the initial exhibit in 
gallery. The show, which runs from Feb.
contains work in all media: oils, ceramics,'wate
colors, tempera and sculpture.

Most of the works onex-
hibit were done by art ma-
jors and minors in their
studio courses. The pieces
given for display. expected
to be about eighty in num-
ber, were judged by the
Selection Committee and
those considered most ap—
propos were chosen for
exhibition.

Because the nature of the Albany
Art Department itself is experi-
mental, the exhibit is modern in
outlook.

The idea for the show originated
in the Commission on Community
Planning and was then presented to
the Arts Board. This board con-

sists of representatives from the
Drama, Music, Art and Literature
departments and serves to coordi-
nate ideas and proposals in these
areas.

The idea was then passed on to
the Arts Council which decided on

the details for the exhibit. Rims
Sussman, the student chairman of
the show, and Pam Cooper have

F rankehlheimer Fails

‘Seconds’ a Dull Film

The first fifteen minutes of John Frankenheimer's
“Seconds” is among the best pictures of 1966. As

To Be Exhibited In" center-

grammatically incorrect as that may sound, it is
true, just as the last hour and thirty-five is among
the very, very worst. For those first precious fifteen
minutes, Frankenheimer, with camera and music only,
sets the stage for what is sure to be a modern night-

mare, a contemporary trip through living hell.

But mothering happens.
Suddenly, like a burst ba-
loon, the picture goes flat
and Frankenheimer ends
the nightmare before ithas
a chance to get started.

But then, maybe it is not all Mr.
Frankenhelmer’s fault. After all,
he has produced some very fine
films lately, especially last year’s
"The Train." Maybe David Ely’s
book, from which the film is taken,
uses the same cruel hoax. Where did
they go wrong? The material, the
basic idea, is stunning, and has all
the ingredients necessary for a
genuinely chilling book or film.

A Iulddleaged Westchesterlte, a
businessman bored with life, living
without purpose or meaning, is given
the chance to live again, to be made
over into a “second.” Although re-
luclaut at first, he finally accepts
his "vita uuova” with great hopes
for the future. But once in this new
existence, he discovers that he is
not. and can never be, a free agent,

It would seem also that at least
Frankeuheimer, and perhaps Ely,
was trying to show that his new
life, as well as being restricted,
was also a bore. If that was the in-
tent, then it was overwhelmingly
realized in this film. Frankenhei-
that should maybe even be con-
gratulated fol‘ creating one of the
most boring characters in the mod-
ern cinema.

But then again, maybe the credit
should go instead to Rock Hudson,
the most boring actor in cinema.
Rock, whose name fits his acting
potential to a “t,” is the second
in “Seconds.” lie is the fellow who
is on-screeu for nearly all of those
last ninety-five minutes. lie is the
Westchesterite remolded into a(are
you ready for this?) Malibu painter
who has a pretty girlfriend and who

 

goes to Bacchus parties, where
everyone takes off their clothes and
squashes grapes in the altogether.

To elaborate any further would
be to do cruel injustice to a direc-
tor who has proven himself many
times before to be an artist of in-
telligence, taste and cinematic per-
ception. Frankenheimer is a man
who knows his art better than most
American directors. He belongs in
a class with Sidney Lumet, the late
Robert Rossen, and Ella Kazan.

It should suffice to say, then, that
he has made an honest mistake with
"Seconds," the kind of mistake that
any artist who aspires to greater
things eventually makes. For, unlike
the character in his film, he de-
serves another chance.

A LITTLE LATE Primer mode

the
it!” .
' ter’"

done a great deal of the work fol
this exhibit.

During an interview Rina Com.
mented, “Since communication it
the very purpose of art, and view-
ing is the vehicle for such com-
munication, this art show provider
the lifts] source for exchange 0
ideas" and emotions among stu.
dents." ‘ .

William Clark Design:
Hugo Collage Forlloll
ill campus Center

by Harvey Vlohos

The assembly hall of the Campus
Center has instituted a new concept
of what a wall should be. Credit
goes to A. William Clark of the af-l‘
department for his huge collage that
forms one wall of the room. v "v,

A powerful statement of contemg
porary times, there is a unique quala
lty about the work that involves the
viewer through familiarity with his]
individual parts. Some of the parts,
evoke laughter or amusement such‘
as the patches of color provided byl
“playmate” cutouts. 7
Mass Media "  r'

However, the full implications of!
these beauties becomes 59Wth
after one realizes how they are seem,
An old television set has a Hard
breasted girl with a: provodetﬂei
lock gazing out at the. c a
fitting statement on mfg?
we know and love it. ‘ "" "

Throughout all this there are
wheels and circles. Wheels inbdxlfs,‘
wheels in between boxes andrsven
wheels for kiddies, like Mattelfs
“High Gear" games for tots. Even
the wheels of the Ballantlne three
ring sing is in between wheels,
giving us an idea of what really
moves the wheels of industry.

As a matter of fact, the Hai-
lantlne Ale sign appears quite fre-
quently, such as on the door of a
bathroom with the words, “for the
ale man."

  

Different View:

Of course, there are different
views of the collage, depending on a
person's individual taste and depth
of thought, but with a little effort,
I'm sure there is something for
everyone.

The randomness of the objects is
so characteristic of the realities
they represent that with a close
examination of the little jokes that
exist there, a person can suddenly
be lofted into thinking of what it is
all about.

    

 

In Full '66 debut Wednesday.

Shown here is editor James Edd (lot I ht ith tlb 1.
William Eric Nethdurtt and PetrleloyShure.' ' l N can ' "or. ’

 
   

 
  
   
      
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
       
     
     
      
       
        
      
     
         
       
          
     
    

 

 

 

