 
  

   
    

   
   

  
 

  
 
 

    
   
 
 
    
  
   
    
     
 
   
 
   
    
   
   
  

I _~ .McCloataexpre‘ssed in his last .“Rayview.” we have

 

   

 

 
 

 

 

 Editor and  ofmi

the=sieiqierienCe and) enthusiasm to make the sports

 page iii no ASP an efficient and effective news medium

of this University.-Only with an adequate sports staff
canwe hope to-utilize these qualities to the best of
our ability in trying to, mold a sports page that has
continued in the tradition of my predecessor and the
ones before him. The task will not be accomplished
easily.» ’

The view from here is that a sports page should
provide more than the facts and figures of games or
meets that have already occurred. It should also pro-
vide for an analysis of upcoming contests that per-
mits the reader to grasp an idea of what to expect
at each encdunter. in describing the particular event,
the sports story should give a complete and accurate
coverage of the occurrence, not just the fuzzy details
of the score and who won and who lost. This is one
thing. which Associate Sports Editor Glenn Sapir and
I will try to bring to the readers of this publication.

In addition to providing the details of each contest
and the previews of upcoming events. there is another
element which is essential in making the sports page
a complete one. This is the attribute of the human
element with its “glory of victory and agony of de-
feat.” Only in, this way can a sports story and the
person writing it give a complete account of the story
behind the scenes.

We will attempt to provide this “drama of the hu—
man element in athletic competition" by including in
the sports page each week and possibly sometimes
twice a week, a feature article ona Great Dane sports
personality who is competing in intercollegiate athle-
tics. We begin this series in this issue with a story
on Jim Constantino, the only person evertobe elected
captain of an Albany State basketball team for two
consecutive seasons. Each and every week throughout
.th'éf‘i‘emainder of the winter sports season. an article
on‘fthegprominent members of the varsity basketball
tintlAttdl’estling te_ams will be presented to our readers
astp'd-S‘t‘fof our policy to provide continually the best
information about our athletic teams and individuals.
 dUr'l‘ftirtunately, one thing that a sports story cannot
ilitavitk‘fz’ils the opinion of the writer on the event.
Thi§"is what we will try to provide in this column.
Along "with our opinions and questions of athletics on
thls'campus, we will offer compliments when they are
due‘ and, of course, constructive criticism when it is
in order. We will deal entirely with inter-collegiate
and intramural athletics at this University. We have
neither the space nor the time to keep you in the
know of the national sports happenings. Besides, the
big-time mass media do an efficient job of providing
this coverage.

But, as previously mentioned, we can only accom-
plish these objectives if we have an efficient and ex-
pert staff with which to work. The writers of this
sports department therefore will hope to see a large
turnout of students who are at all interestedin writing
sports for the ASP at the meeting Sunday at 6 p.m. in
room 364 of the Campus Center. The experience is
rewarding and only with a more than adequate staff
will we be fulfilling our part in keeping you abreast
of an important and integral part of University life.

lPi loos EEPs For Second Place
Undefeated tamls Hold lop Spot

to an eight point lead. Once again it
was catch up ball for the EEP's and
The undefeated Camfs hold on to Potter almost successfully played
a one game lead as the AMIA League the role, coming to withlntwo points
I basketball seasom approaches the of the victors. Several turnovers
mldseason mark, highlighted the closing seconds of
in the battle for second place, the tilt, Potter getting three shots
played Tuesday at Page Gym, Alpha at the hoop but unable to can the
Pi Alpha hosted Potter Club, 46-44. knotier. McCloat led all scorers
Both teams entered the contest with with eighteen points while three
identical 3-1 records, each team's players shared the honors for APA,
loss coming at the hands of the lea. each hitting for twelve points.
gue leader. APA started off the game
With the} hot hand, paced by Denny Cumin Hold First
Bikin‘s’lidvliili Moon. Potter Club The standings to date show the
came back
lcCloat to close APA's halftime half game with a 4-0 record fol-
lead to five ‘points, 24-10. lowed by ADA, 4-1; Potter, 3-2; the
Savs and Pierce, each l-ii; and Kap-
Flnol Minute Docldu pa Beta, 0-4. An important and p08-
Bom teams exchanged baskets in sibiy decisive factor in the outcome
the opening minutes of the second of the season will be how well the
half, until once again App. do. Camfs can make up for the loss of
voioped the shooting eyeand spurted 309. 506 "0"“?-

by Glen Soplr

  



Bolstere‘d‘by‘the return of Rich Margisona

  

no.1“?

via the shooting of Ray Camis holding first place by one- ‘3

  

furnace illl'one Wins" ' °
Forgjilinco Tomorr

ain't»

no the second semesterdebut of' senior

gruon to, 1967

- w.

Lonnie Morrison. the i‘hot and said” Great Danes rebounded from a recent three-
game losing streak to capture their last four contests with Utica (twice). Harpur
College. and Cortland State; With eight contests remaining, the Albany State cagers
have compiled a 9-5 record, having started the season with a four game winning

‘Leading the Danes in
their upsurge has 'ben
leading scorer Rich Mar-
gison at 17.3 points per
game and leading rebound-
er (11) and second leading
scorer (17.1), junior Scott
Price.

in their latest encounter, Coach
Sauers' charges ramped over Utica,
102-85. it was the highest score
by Albany since moving out of the
Page Gym in the 1960-61 season.
Price led the scorers with 25 points
and captain Jim Constantino added

During the intercession, the Danes
defeated Cortland State, 95-63, as
they combined a superior defensive
job with a solid offense. The contest
marked the return to the Purple and
Gold of Lonnie Morrison, who rose
to the occasion, scoring upoints and
doing most of the play-making.

Ending the first semester action
were contests with Harpur and Utica.
The hardcourters defeated Harpur in
a home contest, 68-56, and topped
Utica in their first meetingin Utica,
90-75, as Price again led the team
with 19 rebounds and 24 points.

With ace Margison missing one
game and sub-par in another, Price
took on the scoring burden with 22
and 20 points in losses to Montclalr,
79-64, and Southern Connecticut,
78-70.

During the Christmas recess,
State entered the Albany City Tour-
ney against Sisna, Marist College,
and New Paltz. The Danes, co-fav-
orites with Siena, defeated Marist in
the opening round 93-80, but lost
junior Larry Marcus for the season
when he sustained a broken wrist.
In the finals against Slena, Albany
lost Soph Marglson who suffered a
severe ankle sprain. The valiant
Danes lost a close 73-67 battle des-
pite these losses. Price led State
with 18 points and 16 rebounds.

Prior to the semester break, Al-
bany hosted Merrimack and Pets-
dam, and played at Brooklyn Col-
lege.

Merrimack, featuring some fancy
ball handling, defated the Danes, in
another close contest, 80-76. Mar-
gison scored 20 points, and Price
hauled in 15 rebounds. The locals
hit only 33.7 per cent from the field
as Merrimack hit a torrid 58%.

The Dane cagers met Oswego State
last night in a home contest and will
finish out their busiest week with
an 8:30 p.m. game against powerful
lthacn College tomorrow at the find-
son Valley gym. Buses will leave
each quad for both the frosh and
varsity games 45 minutes before
game time.

I “fulﬁls I

There will be a meeting this Sun-
day at 6 p.m. in the Campus Center,
room 364 for all those interested in
joining the ASP sport’s staff.

Buses for the three remaining
homo basketball gameswillhe serv-
ing SUNY/i students. Buses will
leave for the freshlan games at
6 p.m. and for the varsity games
at 7:45 p.m.

AMIA

All AMiA basketball team cap-
tains should note scheduled games
marked “Westmore.” These willbo
played at the Westmere Elementary
School on Saturdays beginning to-
morrow. A special bus will leave
the Colonial QUadrangle, stopping
at the Dutch Quadrangle, one half
hour prior to each game and re-
turning immediately after each

me.
There will be an important meet-
ing for all Varsity baseball letter-
men and new candidates this Wed-
nesday at 4 p.m. in llusted, room
160, located above the old campus
cafeteria.

All fresh wrestling candidates
should contact either Coach Garcia
or Coach liurllngame.

streak and now seemingly htaing to finish strong.

ropplers lioui Potsdam 27.3
10 Even lisbyliocord Al 2-2

unc Nixon

The Albany State grapplers evened their record at
2-2 Saturday when they bombed Potsdam by a 27-8
count. The Joe Garcia coached matmen registered
seven wins out of nine matches in running up their
highest point total of the season, and recording their
moat impresswe Win ‘70 date-.Befo-r—e the lay-off for final ex-

Jack Forbes. a transfer
who has just become elig-
ible, and Bill Clark won by
forfeit at 123 and 130 re-
spectively and Warren
Crow then moved up a

weight class to 137.

Crow, the NCAA College Division
champion, remained undefeated by
pinning Potsdam’s Charles Daven-
port in 7:29. Randy Palmer followed
Crow and his 7-2 decision over
Paul Keeley that gave the Albany
grapplers an almost insurmountable
18-0 lead.

Springer Undefeated

Craig Springer was next on the
mats for Albany, and his 6-5 deci-
sion preserved his undefeated rec-
ord in dual matches and clinched
the win for the Great Danes. Pots-
dam captursd the 180 pound cate-
gory but Albany was going with
Mike Poplaski their regular 137
pounder. Poplaski, outweighed by
20 pounds, saved two points for the
Great Danes by managing to avoid
a pin.

Albany then captured the 167 and
the 177 pound classes to complete
the rout. Captain Art Recesso upped
his dual meet record to 3-1 as he
disposed of his opponent by a 5-4
count. At 177, Roger Gorham gained
his second win against one defeat
as be registered a decisive 5-1
victory. Potsdam then gained spin
in the heavyweight division for the
final 27-8 count.

ams, the Great Danes traveled to
Oneonta where they ran into rugged
opposition. The Dragons proved to
be too much for the Great Danes
as they captured four matches and
gained two draws in recording a
20-13 victory.

Coach Garcia got wins from War-
ren Crow, who registered a 3-0
win over a stalling opponent; Randy
Palmer, who gained a close 5-4
victory in the 145 pound class; and
Art Recesso, who scored an equally
tight 3-2 win. The Great Danes also
got two points each from Poplaski
and Springer both of whom wrestled
to draws,

Again the Great Danes led after
the 167 pound match, but Gorham
lost a tense 6-4 decision to Gary
Lehr and Chet Krom suffered a pin
in the heavy weight division.

Great Danes Over Plotuburgh

Earlier the Albany matmen
dumped Plattsburgh by a decisive
22-10 count. Winners for Albany
were Bill Russell at 123, who scored
an impressive 12-4 victory; Crow,
who pinned his man in a quick 1:10;
Palmer, who scored a 4-0 shutout;
Springer, who followed with a 9-5
decision; Frank Berry, who regis-
tered another 4-0 shutout;and Roger
Gorham, who scored by a 5-2 count.

Albany will now swing into the
heart of their schedule with 6
matches in the next four weeks.
Tomorrow they travel to Montclair
and then they return home on Wed-
nesday for an 8 p.m. encounter with
Columbia.

Captain Constantino
Mainstay At State

by Bob Rlco

Jim Constantino, a 1963
graduate of Mohonasen
High School, Schenectady.
and captain of this year’s
basketball team, has been
a key man in the success
of the 9-5 Danes so far.

A 5-foot-ll senior, Constantino
takes his captaincy seriously. A
fleece competitor and all-out hust-
ler, he feels responsible for ade-
feat and, as a result, has a burning
desire to win.

Jim's teammates have great faith
and respect in his leadership as
shown by the fact that he is the
first eager at State to be chosen
captain two consecutive years. As
a junior last season, he played in
every game of a surprising 13-0
year and average 9 points per game.
This season, he is scoring a 9.8
clip with a high of 17 on two oo-
casions.

Constantine's value cunnot be
measured in statistics, however. His
defense, for example, is vitally im-
portant to the small Danes.'l‘hls as-
pect, often neglected by players who
would rather make headlines with
inflated scoring totals, is a source
of satisfaction for Constantine.

When asked what he thought about
this year's team, Jim said, "it is
one of the best teams we’ve had in
years. i feel we could have beaten
the 1964-65 team led by Dick Cros-
settt, Jim O'Donovan, and Dan Zeh

which posted a 16-6 slate.

“We play fast, aggressive basket-
ball with a balanced scoring attack.
We have several fine shooters on the
team trying to capitalize on the
other team’s mistakes."

"There is a great desire on the
part of the nine varsity members
because of the fact that not only
do we have to play our ‘home'
games at Hudson Valley before
sparse crowds but that we also have
to travel there during the week for
practice."

Constantino, ahlstory major here,
was an all-around sports star at
Mohonasen. He won letters three
years in three sports: soccer, bas-
ketball, and baseball, and scored a
record 19 goals in one soccer sea-
son.

 

Jim Constantino

J

'v

   
    
     
   
 

"l

    
       
       
         
     
   
         
       
         
   
    

 
 
 

   

   

     

   

     

 
    

 
   
      
 
  
       
   
     
    
   
  
    
  
   
 
    
    
   
 
   
   
 
   

 

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  

       
   
   
       
     
       
       
     
       
 

‘i'l

    
     
       
     
   
     
     
     
     
   
       
       
       
     
    

     
      
   

oi

 

 

 

  
   
   

 

HOW'S ,Y..OUR

 
 
  

HEART?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

ALBANY. NEW YORK

VOL. Llll, NO. 2

 

Social Psychologist

To Present lecture
(in ‘triminology’

Dr. Miguel Herrea Figuera, pre-
sently a visiting scholar in Social
Psychology at Columbia University,
will present a talk on “Criminology
in the Detective Story," Thurs.,
Feb. 16, at 3:30 p.m. in Lecture
Room 3.

The lecture is sponsored by the
School of Criminal Justice, and the
Departments of Psychology, Anthro-
pology, Sociology, and the Center
for inter-American Studies.

Figuera, who received his MA at

the National University of Buenos
Aires, Argentina, received his PhD
in Jurisprudence and Social Sci-
ence in 1951 at the same Univer-
sity.

Prosecuting Attorney

From 1943 to 1946 he served as
Prosecuting Attorney in Santiago,
Argentina, and later as the Secre-
tary of the Federal Criminal Court
in the Province of Tecuman. He
also served as the Federal Prose-
cuting Attorney in the same pro-
vince.

Figuera has served in adminis-
trative positions in the National Uni-
versity of Buenos Aires, the Na-
tional University of Tecuman, and
the University of Psychological and
Social Science, Buenos Aires, (re-
named John F. Kennedy Argentinian
University).

Serves an Editor

lie served as editor of “Estudios
de Sociologia," an internationally
circulated and bilingual journal of
Sociology; he has published over
100 essays on varied subjects, par-
ticularly concerning existential
spiritualism.

Figuera received the Medal of
Honor of the Latin American Socio-
logical Assoolation, in recognition
of contributions to sociology to Latin
America.

Artistic leaders

  
 
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
    
 
 
  

UNIVERSITY WOMEN sign out for Saturday night dotos hoping

they make their curfew 3.

Central Council Discusses
Progress (in Hours,Alcohol

by Ken Bernstein

Living Area Affairs Commission
presented a proposal for revision
of ,Women's Hours at the Feb. 9
session of Central Council. Bob
Mulvey read the text of the pro-
posal which was then discussed by
the council, but not voted upon.

Dr. Clara Tucker, Chairman of
the subcommittee of the Student
Affairs Council through which this
proposal must pass, said she was
“favorably disposed" toward it, and
imagined that the rest of her sub-
committee would feel likewise.
L.A.A.C. took samples of opinion
from the three residence quad-
rangles, and got favorable results
from two, and no response from one.

Sealed Envelope
Briefly, the proposal calls for
the abolishment of all hours for
upperclassmen, and a slight libera-

Availalile Today

To Present Topics In Discussion

Seven lenders in the fields of
modern arts will present topics in
their fields today in the ballroom
of the Campus Center.

The program, "Contemporary
Voices in the Arts," will feature
music, poetry, painting, photography
and sculpturing as specialties. It
is sponsored by the New York State
Council on the Arts. The artists
will be available at various times
during the day for group discussion
and an All University Reception.
(see schedule)

The artists participating are Jack
Tworkov, painter; John Cage, com-
poser; Stan VanDorBeek, film

maker; Len Lye sculptor and film'

maker; Robert Creeley, poet; Merce
Cunningham, dancer; and Wilhelm
Kluvel', electronic technician.

Tworkov's painting represents
abstract expressionism in the area
of landscape. His most recent works
have depicted a flat and diagram-
matic disposition of line.

Lye first exhibited his“tangible"
motion sculpturing in 106i. His most
impressive work to date consists of
a five-foot high blade of polished
steel whicle electronically choreo-
graphad to go into convulsive mo-
tions upon a revolving base.

Experimentalism in music is the

intent of the composer."

Robert Creeley will lecture on the
origin of a poem in a poet's mind.
He feels that his poems are given
him to write and that he does not
create them.

Stanley Vandarbeek's goal is a
mixture of photographic reality and
real reality in his filmmaking. ills
films employ a manipulation of live
action shots with clippings from
mass media.

lization for freshmen women. A co-
ed must sign out for a weekend, but
may put her destination in a sealed
envelope that may be opened in an
emergency only.

Council’s discussion centered on
what constituted an “emergency”
and other details of administration.
As an afterthought, Dr.Tucker men-
tioned that visitation hours in men's
apartments will be taken up by her
committee after the women’s hours
proposal is settled.

Rathsklller

Neil Brown, director of student
activities, continued his reports on
the progress of the Alcohol Com-
mittee. He predicted that the com-
mittee will wind up its work within
two weeks. in that time, it will
discuss the possibilities of alcohol
in the residence areas, including
the dining rooms, the lounges and
individual rooms. The committee
will recommend a rathskellel‘ in
the Campus Center.

Brown also put before the Council
discussion on a proposal that would
cut the present time between classes
from fifteen to- ten minutes. This
would allow students to finish earl-
ier and also would provide time for
an extra class period. Councilopin-
on rnn heavily against the proposal.

March Elections
Nominations for elections on all
levels will occur between Feb. 14
and Fall. 20. Elections will be held
on March 1, 2 and 8. Ballots may
be cast in tile dinner lilies, in the
Campus Center and at Draper llall.

 

1:25-2:30

Ballroom--informai Group Discus-
sion--A. Lenning, Moderator.

Informal Group Discussion--J. Kev-
in Quinn, Moderator.

2:30-3:35
Jolm Cage, Merce, Cunningham
and Wilhelm Kluveruballroomn

Chadaboo, Moderator.

 

VanDorBeek, Lye and Greeley--

Schedule For Contemporary Voices ln The Arts

Stan VanDerBeek and Len Lye-~3335'4i30

room --
Robert Greeley-Assembly ilailu E: COWlGl’. Moderator.

Cage and Kluver in Assembly Hall.
Dance Council meets with Cunning-
ham ln Library Lecture Room #3.
4:30-5:30
place Lounge.
informal Group Discussion -- Joel 833mm“,

Time for individual meetings with A“
anm--Onan inllnlvni-nitv f‘nmlnnn-

Jack Tworkov and Len Lye-~Ball-
Informal Discussion --

Time for individual meetings with

All University Reception-Wire-

"Contemporary Voices in the
s” -- Ballroom -- Group Pro-

lAAC Hours Proposal
Features No Curfews 7 9

Following is a text of the Women’s Hours Proposal
presented at the Feb. 9. 1967 meeting of Central
Council by Living Area Affairs Commission. This
proposal had been drawn uprover a period of time,
and was unanimously approved by L.A.A.C. in a
meeting shortly before Central Council convened.

Robert Mulvey, the spokesman for L.A.A.C. read
the proposal and then de.  at 2 a.m. on Friday and Satur-
fended it' L'A'A'C' rec' “4: Those residents returning to
OInmended continued re- the dorms after closing hour will
strictions on freshmen wo- be admitted by a camp“ p°“°°'

an

    
   
 
  
  

 
   
 

   

men until they have ad-
justed to University life.

The proposal calls for coopera-
tion between the students and the
administration. Ideally, it will pro-
vide privacy and protection for the
student, while allowing the Univer-
sity to feel some security in the
event of an emergency.

Here is the text:
LIVING AREA AFFAIRS COMMIS-
SION, State University of New York
at Albany -- Proposed System for
Women’s Hours

The primary purpose of life in
college is academic; however,wtth-
in the academic framework the Uni-
versity should strive to develop ma-
ture and responsible individuals who
will be prepared to enter a larger
community. This could be accom-
plished in many ways.

University Succeeding

We feel that the University is
succeeding to some degree in this
area. The student assumes much
responsibility in deciding his cur-
riculum and outside activities. Al-
though the University for the mast
part is committed to recognize ma-
turity, we feel that further steps
are needed.

Since it is assumed that students
will formulate their own ideals and
standards we feel that the Univer-
sity should not attempt to direct
the formulation of these standards
and ideals. if indeed we are mature
individuals, then our ideals and
standards should be our own. We,
therefore, feel that a revision of
the present curfew system is neces-
sary.

Fundamental Issues

Before addressing ourselves to
the actual policy, we must consider
some fundamental issues. Foremost
among these issues is should women
have curfews imposed upon them
when men do not? In the case of
sophomores, juniors, and seniors,
we think not.

Since women as well as men de-
termine their own limitations, they
also recognize that they must take

m . . ..
5. The sign-out procedure will
be as follows:

a. If a woman plans to be out
after 8 p.m. she must indicate this
by moving her sign-out card from
the “in” box to the “out” box. it
is suggested that she indicate her
destination.

b. If a sophomore, junior, or
senior woman plans to be out after
closing hour of the dorm, she must:

1. place in a sealed envelope
information containing an
address at which she could
be reached in case of an
emergency at which time '
the envelope willbeopened

indicate on the outside of
the envelope her name,
the date of departure, and
the expected date of re-
turn.

5"

5°

place the envelope in the
"out" box along with her
card

if at any time a woman finds it is
required to change the date of her
return, she may make the change
herself or call the dorm and have a
resident change it for her. It is the
responsibility of each woman to-
make sure that there is a “desti-
nation” envelope for her if sheds
out of the dorm after closing hour.
A resident may leave the hall at
any time if she follows the above
sign-out procedure.

c. if a freshman woman plans
to leave the residence hall for a
weekend other than going home, she
must obtain written permission from
her parents or guardian.

d. Guests of residents will be
subject to the same sign-out pro-
cedure as their hostess.

G. Violations

a. if a sophomore, junior or
senior resident has not checked in
or the envelope has not been amended
by the closing of the dorm on the ex-
pected date of return, the envelope
will be opened by the resident as-
sistant on duty and the individual will
be contacted.

b. If any woman is late in re-

  
  
    
  

an extension of the right of individ-
ual responsibility. in the interest of
attaining that goal, we submit the
following policy:

junior and senior curfews be elim-
lnated.

freshmen be extended untilthe clos-

Inrr IIIIIII‘L‘. nf

responsibility for their own actions. “"‘mug ‘0 "‘9 dorm after 01051118
llowever, freshmen women, until "0"" 1" Viomlon 0‘ "w 811°“? 518"-
they have become acquainted with the 0‘“ Procedure: he" 0356 Will be re-
responsibilities imposed by Unlver- {erred ‘0 "‘9 1115110131 SiI‘UClUI'e 0!
sity life, should to some degree he “‘9 SW19” Association-
resuviczed, 7. Living Area Affairs Commis-
Tne second 1mpormm 155m, 15"“, sion will have periodic sessions to
desirability ofsucha libel‘alpollcy. “View the operations of the new
Living Area Affairs Commission, sysmm thmuﬁhout "‘9 “1‘5! ‘11" year
as a cross representation of the that“ ‘5 melt?“-
student body, indicates emphatic We. the members of L.A.A.Cu3l'°
support. willing to undertake the responsi-
mdeua, Rupanubllm billty of orienting students to this

What we are asking for is merely new system“
lor

    

Pick up nomination toms

MYSKANlA oloctlona
Central Council replacement
election

lelng Ana Allolu Commis-
sion replacement election

Clou attic“

in tin Student Association

1. We request thntail sophomore,

a. We request that curfaws for

ilm l'ncldnnnn hall:

 

 

 

 

 

