 
 
 
  
   

     
  
     
   
 
     
   
  
 

 

 osi:::l=-s:.t..mm.~. ...o...—w-..~..~...-w_

 

 

 

  

m If“ M." . : '
PROM“! first became acquainted

’ with the Reverend Tar Baby, the
highly misunderstood Establish-

meniarian, when Baby was on

a .record of spiritual-guides for
the home and housewife at the Dis-
ney Studios, where Remus was em-
ployed as the corporation Negro,
and also did abit of character acting.

     

  
   
 

 
 

    
 
 
  
  

  

  

   

Remus spoke highly of Baby's  ’

character, describing him as a
"highly unworldly and spiritual man
who got himself in a tough financial
1am by his constant generosity to
the housewives in his election dis-
trict."

“The resultant red tape was
simply too nluch for this aesthetic
and he decided to go into quiet con-
templation of his situation by living
the life of an ascetic in the midst
of the Bahama tourist hotspots."

it was at this time that the House
of Establishment, in is unusual burst
of daring and verve, expelled the
Rev. Baby from his stool in the
House of Establishmentarians.

Asked if he thought this hadbear-
ing on the Civil Rights movement
Remus commented that everything
happening on the world scene is
relevant to the Movement; however
this could not have a negative bear-
ing on the Movement by the very
nature of the action.

He continued that any time the
legislative body of the country outs
a duly elected official in such a
coup de farce there can be no doubt
that they have overstepped them-
selves-both as individuals and as a
body.

The same would remain true no
matter what the character of the
Reverend Tar Baby.

After the talk a question and ane-
wer period was conducted by the
campus minister the Reverend
Frankly Showed, who hadcarried off
the Job with his usual aplomb.

A number oi obnoxious questions
were posed by Smarty Wartz, a
hanger on off the Albany Stupid
Press, Mrs. lrene Wood, a pretty
eager who is president oi the Sage
branch of SDS, and Harry Gold-
mine, generally obnoxious. All ques-
tions were irrelevant.

Afterwards Remus showed a Din-
sey documentary, “Zippa Dee Do
Dah," starring himself.

Moderator was Billious Grosst
who said nothing.

IAIIILS 0F MANURI. lev-
rewinl. Love rashes the world
.0 no“. Borrowings. .The cew‘

lumped ever the me. Borrow-
iegl. "out better In better
the pet. Borrowings.’t.i'ewdy

 low

 

   
  

 
 
  

  
 

  

   

WHY IS this man still smiling after all this time?

Frank Saturday Proclaimed
Today By Administration

As a followup to Gentle Thursday the power structure of this blessed
truth mill has proclaimed today as Frank Saturday.

In a release distributed by that crusading liberal, H. David Van Dyck,
the administration proclaimed these ad hoc policies:

Dr. Clifton C. Thorne will no longer be able to say, “That's a real
good question; l’m glad you asked that." He will, however, be encour-
aged to offer frank, indeed brutal, criticisms of university processes
and policies. (This privilege becomes effective upon approval of the
appropriate university committee, but, as of now, no one has been able
to' identify what committee should deal with the matter.)

H. David VanDyck will call in all the communications media and
confess to them, “i would rather not be devious any longer, so let me
explain that my purpose is to insure that everything published is moral,
non-controversial, uncritical, and, let me further explain that iflam
going to publicize activities they had better be in keeping with our
‘Tradition oi Excellence.’ Do I make myself clear?--we're going to
sell this university, we're going to sell it big, and we’re going to sell
it MY way." . .

FS.A. will, from this time on, make a full-scale effort to de-esca-
late, a source close to the President said, “the Empire is going to
stop at the bank of the bicycle shop." FSA will henceforth encourage
free enterprise in and around the campus. it intends to offer grants-
in-aid to all bars, shops, and restaurants which wish to set up an es-
tablishment within walking distance of geometric wonderland.

From the academic power structure, these announcements are hot
off the ditto machine:

Christos N. Apostle will produce, direct, and star in an off-Lakeway
production of "How To Succeed at Nothing While Being Really Trying.”
There will be no rehearsals and no performances.

Along the same line, the Speech Department will soon that
Mickey Rooney will replace Peggy Wood as the big name on campus; the
Sociology department is currently negotiating for Mr.Rooney’s services
as a part-time lecturer on The Family.

he School of Public Affairs (Sayles Hall Variety) has decided to
confess that it does not understand why it has been acting so uppity of
'late. An important SPA superspecialist will admit, “we're not so hot
after all."

Some members of the History Department will publicly acknowledge
that they have been lifting their lectures from the Golden Books.

The Business Department will reveal that it has been receiving funds
secretly from the Albany Better Business Bureau.

Finally, the graduate division of the English Department, after
agonizing reappraisal, has agreed to post a sign on the third floor of
Humanities which will state, "American Lit. is not that bad....and it
may even be relevant.”

Civil War Declared By Two
Rival Greek Organizations

. , 1

Civil War was declared Wednes- we can find al'oophole." He in fact
day by the W0 “V31 ("Wk Organ' threatened to call an immediate
lzatlonﬁi Inter-Fraternity comm“ session of Collapsing Council to
and Inter-Cllmml‘ Assocmuonv reinforce his status as a seeker.

Gerrymanderlns amid unsubstanq With this indignation, Plsser Club
tinted charges 01 {03mm bedding‘issued a call to arms by mooning
nepotism, logrollins, wdhesemonl'. their way to the front lines, and
partisan mediator Perry UXlel’ thus beginning a civil war which will
urged moderation in self controltfundoubtedly increase the prestige
He reminded the warring factions of,“ the Greeks at s_u,N,y,A,
the terms 0! the “32sz Agreement With the walkout of the warring
recently Mottled by PM Hellenicparties, the jubilant sororities de-
Council which prohibits obsceneﬁtded to back up their boys on the
'llﬁns 0“ the 6331110" ""9": "MW" 'front lines with coffee and donuts
“126d NICK Mike“. 10"" midst hoping to finally stage a successful
"Initiation TENURE W dml’ coffee hour. Gamma Crap agreed
rushing. to this measure only on the condi-

Ono soarins representative. Kap- tion that the Stable be used as the
pa Batman, reminded Lildev "lit Center of Operations.
the rival later-Climber Association Beetle Zeetle and Pi Figma Eta
had unilaterally defied the other- volunteered to entertain the troops
wise. mud "moment- M with their aincopated hand and foot
NI "30mm: WNW“ 7- “W'- lnaneuvers; their cooperation how—
wor vmndihu the Glimm- WM ever was debated until they agreed
anildlate aliGroekowolliionuwoll to combine it into the'“8wltz and
as groveling support 11 MB 1'qu , in Show.” Thefirey meet-
l'ousing ring was not alloy/ed to in; was adjourned after Bynn Lewiit
cantinue its already well-estab-Mtpa the gravity of such an action
lishod , 0190'!” W “Maud the matter was put into corny
, .ver the Diversity. To mote lane- mites and tabl

n- t i. ». l' at

llira”.

  

At ..,recgnt..muun'mbf Albany. .b em to in,“ 1“ .mom perfor-
suw. Jays (mutt-e- people), mances, however, and willbe under-
SUNYAle answer to Cecil B. De- studied by Helenstoil.strattonRaW-
mug, mu. 5,“, Kaufman, announced. son ;will portray Joseph, John Webb
that to folluiinthe traditionofhis(?) willbe-seen as the ruthless Herod,
"com “cuasmmucgmimgumeand alternate members of MYS-

 

   

untilthenst

in view of the poor iob:done,by a
version which latelyvappeared at the
Hellman Theatre, his next produc-
tion would be “The Testaments--
Old and New.” Kaufman had at first
planned to use the original cast, but
later decided that they would. be
unable to provide the desired depth
of character, and after much care-
ful deliberation,'he released a par-
tial cast list.

The coveted role of God went to
Dr. Paul Bruce Petit, although Pres-
ident Collins and Bill Cleveland were
strong contenders for the role.John
Foiia will portray the Holy Ghost,
and Chuck Barlett (since no one else
was small enough to fit into the
manger) will play the lnfant'Jesus.
The adult Christ will be played by
Joyce Levy, and Jay Kuperman will
portray Judas.

The pivltal roles of Adam and Eve
will be done by Alex Krakower and
JoAnn Ladman; their sons, Cain and
Abel, will be played by volunteers
from “Carnival's” benefit perfor-
mance. The serpent will be played
by Kathy O'Neill, the devil by Marty
Mann, the Apple by Barbara Harris,
and the banana by Bruce Tiffany.

A high point of the production will
come when Jay Deanahan, as Noah,
slnglehandedly constructs theentire
Ark in 27 seconds flat. Bartlett will
once again put in an appearance as
David, opposite Linda Delis as Go-
liath. Bartlett's understudy will be
William Nothdufth; Miss Delfs’ will
be Harvey Vlahos. Another feature
will be the story of John the Baptist
and Salome; the celebrated dancer
will be played by Judi Wiesen,while
J. Gary Aldrich will enact the Chris-
tian Martyr.

Comedy interludes will be pro-
vided by Scott Reagan as Job. The
destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah
will feature Tom Bond as Lot and
Barb Untracht as his wife, while
Bob Clayton will be seen as Moses,
opposite Barb Smith as the Golden

The Nativity sequence will be
headed by Carla Plneiii as the Vir~
;gen Mary. Miss Pinelli will be un-,

| NOTICES

Dental Lecture
Dr. Jamil l-looi of the University
Oriface will speak to the virgins of
Sigh Gamma about “Fellatio as a
Cause of Buck Teeth.”

New Position

Neil Brown, presently director of
the Campus Center, has announced
that hellcefortll his title will be
Housemother of the Campus Cen-
ter. This change was made to fit
the position.

Court Results

Traffic Court has announced that
already five students havepaid their
traffic fines. So far 157,895 tickets
have been given out per week on the
average, but most ufihcse have been
given to "visitors." No member of
the faculty has paid their fines yet.
The money will go toward the FSA
bicycle fund.

Sexual Deviation
A delegation from ll.P.l.’s inter-
Fraternity Council will present a
program to sorority women Tues-
day nlght in Education 69. The topic
will be “Can a State women refuse
sexual deviation and still have
dates?" Meal.tickets will be re-
quired for admiﬁsion.
. - i

NswCouncll

A certain group on campus is
interested in starting a new Intel'-
Colony Council dedicated to the
overthrow .;.vi.strtaw renditions.

Any other notes internich stun:

so

 

KANIA will portray Pilate. Nell
Linden wili‘make an appearance as
the Angel of the Annunciation, Paula
Michaela will be seen as Mary Mag-
dalene,,and Richard Abrams, Sor-
rell Chesin and Howie Cheslnround
out the cast the Three Wise Men.
Top secret, however, are the names
of the thespians who willportray the
ox, ass and sheep speculation is rife.

Publicity for the production is
being handled by Rich Murphy, but
this is still confidential. Tickets go
on.sale May 11, 1971; Kaufman sug-
gests early reservations, and looks
for a long run.

4th lime
Down

by Ogre Kornluk

it has come to my attention that
one of the world’s foremostmuslcal
quartets has been gathering material
for a new record from our campus.
My source, one of Brian Epstein's
most trusted advisers, his bootboy,
told me on a long distance call from
London that the Beatles will use
pro-recorded tapes from the car-
rillon in their soon to be released
album, “The Stone Age."

The selections will be subtle
weavings 'of a lOl-plece symphony
orchestra with Paul on fuzz bass,
Paul on the oriental glockenspiel,
John on the electric tangerine, and
Ringo doing the vocals. The caril-
lon tapes will be used for a psyche-
delic effect guaranteed to numb the
brain.

Among the selections will be
“Sunny SUNYA," a tribute to the
cement caverns and sewers where
the “fab four" got their big break.

“The Selective Service Exam,"
using their famous chime rendition
of "The Cassions GoRolling Along,”

is a poignant love ballad in letter
form from a student to the regis—
trar’s office.

“Sandstorm” paints an almost un—
believable surrealistic painting
using stream of consciousness
lyrics about a famous city being
enveloped by an Arabian desert.
More on the rock side is “If the
Japanese Won’t Buy - We'll Try

It.” This is an absurd song telling
the ridiculous tale of how a leading
Japanese University refuses all ur-

chitect’s design for a new campus
as unfunctlonal only to have these
plans bought up by an American

University System. Although the
story is unrealistic it has a good
heat and is easy to dance to.

Because of expenses incurred ill
obtaining material “The Stone Age”
will be sold as a deluxe edition in
the bookstore at only $13.23. This

edition will include aiull color black
and white blowup of the Carilon
Tower before it was painted and

will be embossed with the Albany
State Teacher's College seal. Also
FSA has decided at great expense
to themselves that the first students

buying the album will receive afree
stuffed penguin. incidentally if you
decide to pass up this exceptional

  
 

bill! the standard version can he
WHEN in local record stores for
$3.79.

Ede Note: There is no truth
whatsoever to the rumor that Lou
 ll airings. umtfor the

wish to announce that the following
changes have been made in the plans '
for Senior Weekly ' . .
First, all Seniors have been ex-
pted from exahls, finals, and
pore for the rest of the semester
in recognition of their long standing
devotion and service to the institu-

tion.

 

 

The Weak will commence on May
24, and continue indefinitely. To
1 start the Weak with a bang, a button

will be pushed activating the beer
t fountain in front of the Campus
Center and the curtain will be cut
to reveal the gold-green Schenley
tap given by the class for the
benefit of all future students.

Senior kits including balloons,
pills, napkins, banana peels, sugar

es, and other "necessities" for
3 trip will be available for a
small fee.

The major event will be a trip
to Exposition ’69, where the seniors
will View such displays‘ and ex-
hibits as the Hall of Flags, the U-
gonna pavilion, and the Fireplace
display in the Corning building.
Transportation to and from the Ex-
hibition will be provided through
the University Bicycle Service,
again at a small fee.

A Week-long Milk Party will be
held at Hedrick's Dairy. Farmer
Bulshi will lead group lessons in‘

proper technique, which will be
interest to all.

A box lunch social will be held
at Tom Sawyer Park. in the inter-
est of cleanliness, Food Service will
prepare all boxes, which will be
sold to the biggest giver.

The dinner-dance has been sched-
uled for Suite 10010 of Sitting Bull
Tower. There will be plenty to eatl
This will be the first time that
liquor will be had on campus, and
to celebrate the occasion, Kool-Ald
will be served. For those inter-
ested in dancing, the lFO's have
agreed to pool their old 78's.

There will be the Torch Night
Bremony, at which time class

. in; . mi rm.- .mm. . u

 

.. u» : lug...

 OlléStOW‘i‘

The co-chairman of Senior Weak.

members should be prepared to be
properly lit. The ‘ceremony will
take place on top' of the Carillon
Tower. in the interest of diverting
flights, all jets will be directed to

land in the freshly-seeded laWns.

Commencement has been elim-
inated in the interest of not inter-
rupting the Milk Party, DlP-lomas
will be handed out at Bus Stop L,
just "completed in time" for the
occasion, only 30 feet off the shore
of the lake. The faculty will lead
the parade in solemn recession,
gathering at the biology hot-house
and proceeding indirectly to the
sight of Stone’s Last Stand, where
a moment of silent mediation will
be held in honor of that patriot built
on Rock. After trotting around per-
imeter road four times, they will
proceed to the exercise.

Dormitories will be closed dur-
ing the Weak, but Seniors may rent
tents from the bookstore. A space
for each student’s tent will be re-
served on the parking lot if proper
forms have been filed with the reg-
istrar by May 5. Any ient which
does not display the University seal
will be ticketed by the Keystone
Cops.

The Infirmary will be open from
3 to 3:01 a.m., at which time any—
one wishing to be 111 must arrange
to do 50.

Any free time which Seniors have
during this period may be spent
in planting bushes on the campus.

The class is also proud to an-
nounce that its gift will be a statue
of Mini—Vers. She will'be attired in
a green and white striped gown and
a purple and gold crown.

In conclusion the class wishes to
announce that the first annual grem-
lln award for the consistent shelving
of reason in the enforcement of
multiple non-existent and dysfunc-
tional rules, will be shared by the
staffs of the Social Science building
and the Library.

 

  
 

snagging

mo...“

ALBANY.

 
   
   
     
   
       
  
  
       
         
   
   



        
     
   
  
  

   
    

| FELTA THIGH lrotemity pledge performs his most horrible initiation task of carrying out the tradi-
tion of the trotemity after which the fraternity is named.

Newiioiurclisifrotorniiy Pres.
Views Froi’s Campus Feelings

The formation of a new frater-
nity colony was announced today by
its President, whose name must
not be disclosed. The reason for
this is that the organization is a
secret one, and the disclosure of
the names of any of the members
would be detrimental to the pur-
pose of the group.

The President, whom we shall
call Mr. X, told us that the name
of the group will be I Felta Thigh,
in honor of the purpose of the
group. Actually, that is not the true
purpose of lFG, but they felt that
any further disclosure of this pur-
pose in the official name of the
group would tend to put a damper
upon their activities.

President X tells us that the
actual membership of the group is
rapidly growing as more and more
students find out about the organ-

ization. He maintains that the ideals
and goals of the present member-
ship are actually in general accord
with the unofficial mores and norms
of about half of the male student
population at Albany State.

Mr. X stated that on most cam-
puses that his group has a chapter
on, the percentage of the male pop-
ulation that shares their views is
about 95-99%. “Here at State," he
says, "we have a little problem
with the 'men,’ but we feel that
there still are enough ‘straights’
to keep the organization going.

When asked if we could see a
copy of the constitution of I Felta
Thigh, Mr. X told us that the group
had no constitution in writing. “As
long as there are red-blooded Amer-
ican male college students around,”
Mr. X proclaimed, there will never
be a need for any of our rules, by-

' Second Annual Clearance Sale

All Clearances Must Go.

Don’t Wait ‘Til Next Year.

All Shapes All Sizes

.. l‘llﬂyl'l',‘ Dotty .r

t ' .
"W" H, ,..,. Mimi“! Ilir“ Lil!
v . "my »

,ll.
iii.',,t-1

Buy One Now.

urn.

I. UVGi'

, iiul‘liillvnritlty. iI‘lViliiltl' hi lli‘“ “x 1, ,~ ' ,
Wt .2 nut .mzilum; “tin n they l.,.i),-tli * iii-‘5} 'vr i mg. i  -

STATE UNIVERSITY CROOKSTORE

in

laws, or goals to be put into writing."

‘ i can, however," Mr. X re-
marked, "generaliy outline what we
expect of those members who Join.
Any new member is expected to
have participated in at least ten
panty raids. These must, however,
be done alone, not with a group, and
the panties must have been worn by
the girl until the time of the raid."

"In addition, the member must
take an oath never to turn his head
from a beaver, refuse the favors of
any girl, and generally to molest
in any and every way any member
of the female sex that affords either
the opportunity, the time or- the
place.”

Asked for the reaction of the girls
at State to the actions of the mem-
bers of his new colony fraternity,
Mr. X screamed, “They love it
baby!"

’le '» Mi ulnar-aim".

 

       
 

 

