      
    
   
   

   

  
   

    
   
   
   
     
   
  
  

 

  
  
      
  
 

MWN_‘____ A ,,

 

 a.   ._ V .. ,_ h V, , ,

 

 

 

. the highest average of 24.9 points

 

 

Although the basketball and wrestling squads fin-

: felled their schedules on a sour note. congratulations

are "still in order for coaches Sauers and Garcia in
guiding “and molding their respective personnel into
consistent winners throughout the campaign. The 1966
67 winter sports season was one of thermal: success-
ful that this University bashed in quite a long time,
and we only hope that next year’s willbe as rewarding.

Unfortunately, the same cannot be saidofﬂlis year's
AMIA program. Space limits us from expounding fully
on many of the old and new problems that the officials
of the intramural program incurred this winter, so
what we will do here is discuss brieﬂy and bring to
the forefront some of these major difficulties which
have arisen this year, especially during the basketball
season.

It seems that in developing the basketball intra-
mural program there has been a lack of visualization
of the problems by those in charge. The facilities
and the staff have not expanded in ratio with the stu-

dent participation, thus a problem of communication
has created unnecessary difficulties.

Those presently in charge of AMIA have done an
excellent job to the extent that time has allowed them;
however, their time has been severely limited for they
have had seemingly many other and important com-
mitments besides that of our intramural athletics.
This problem became increasingly evident as the
basketball season progressed throughits early stages.

This year, 47 teams participated in the four AMIA
basketball leagues, and this was simply too much for
one Commissioner and a part time AMIA director to
handle. Consequently, most of the difficulties which
have come about have often been resolved only when
the answer was too late.

When asked to comment on the problems that oc-
curred during the course of the AMIA basketball sea-
son, Commissioner Tony Cavilere had this to say:
“The league as a whole has functioned much smoother
than in previous years, but ,we, however, have not
reached the maximum of efficiency, thus many stu-
dents are being deprived of the right to participate
fully and reap the benefits that can be offered.”

We feel that only when we do get a full-time AMIA
director and a full-size gym that will be available all
the time and which will provide accommodations for
as many students as are willing to participate, will
we ever attain this “maximum of efficiency.”

,Cagers Season Successful

by Jim Winslow

Albany State’s varsity cagers recently completed
a highly successful season as they posted an overall
15-7 record. Highlighting the past year’s schedule
were a one-point overtime victory over arch-rival
Siena College. the first victory of a State basketball
team over Ithaca College, and the emergence of soph
ace Rich Margison, average of 15.9 markersper contest

- _and Jim Constantino with a 10.2
The Shana—State encoun mark. Others were Lonnie Morrison

ter' the admitted highlight with 7.7 points per game, Marty
of the varsity season,ended O'Donnell with3 7.51pter game, TTiim
Doody with a pen average, in
in a 71-71 dead100k and was Doody with a 3 point average, Tim
deemed in a five minute Jursak with 2.9 points, and Jack
overtime period. Duffy with a 2.2 average. Junior
Larry Marcus of Kingston, who
on Avenue Ar- missed most of the season with a
mime Elia/dwiislrv‘vmglena miss two broken wrist, posted a 9.6 points
layups with less than :24 seconds For gas mark.
to play. Then, to the applause of"
thousands of State fans, junior Scott
Price sunk one of two free throws
to give Albany the victory, 76-75.

The Ithaca-Slate meeting came
early in the second semester as
Albany broke a personal losing
streak of five games for coach
"Doc" Sauers.

The unexpected flowering of last
year's freshman 'ace, Rich Mar-
gison, possibly gave Albany the
impetus for such a good season as
Rich led the team in average, total
points, field goal percentage, and
was second ill the rebounding de-
partment.

 

4i \
u TICE

,0", This ~Monthly, March 13, there
Following Margison lnlheacorlng will be ll meeting for all those in.
. . - ; i 1 Mi 1 y.- with teresled freshman mu candlo.

Margison ended the season with
a 17.4 average, the second highest
by a first year varsity player in
Albany history. Gary llallway holds

per gas during the 1955-56 sea-

  
  

 

l'ﬂ PI, 5

 

 


Palmer,

The Albany State grapplei-s,

 

by, Dunc Wilton

1"" Marisol,

   

ills;

Springer Also ln’Atlioli

who finished the season with a very respectable

6-4-1 record, will be sending three wrestlers to the NCAA College division cham-

pionship at Wilkes-Barre.

Pennsylvania today and tomorrow. Warren Crow, the

defending champion at 123 will be accompanied by Randy Palmer at 137 and Craig
Springer at 145. Crow finished the,seas_o_n_ with a perfect‘13-0 record, Palmer was

_ _'" lsing freshmen were Rick Feller
12"1 and Springerwasj who wrestled at 152 and John Jenks

Crow who accumulated: who competedatheavyweight. d“
ts last ear to Thus Coach Garcia may have -

eimuglzﬁom in 14thy lace ficulty filling the gaps left by the
p ace any p 7' fine array of graduating seniors.An
will have to watch out for '
Portland State’s Rick San-
ders last year’s NCAA Un-
iversity champ at 115.

Palmer, who wrestled at 145dur-
ing the regular season, sports an
impressive 12-1 record, as he has
improved greatly over last year’s
6-6 slate. Springer, a promising
sophomore, finished the season with
29 match points, and both he and
Palmer are potential point winners
at the nationals. ,

Successful Season Completed

These three will be representing
one of Coach Garcia's finest teams
in recent years. The grapplers
opened their season with a decisive
victory in the Quadrangular tourney
over Williams, the defending cham-
pion. The Danes showed good over-
all strength as they copped 7 of 11
weight classes.

other highllghis included: a draw
with Martime, a team unbeaten in ‘
the last two seasons; 3 win over 5;.

possible 65 match points is irre-
placeable, but also lost will be

33, a total of 139 points from three
wrestlers. ‘

All-American who scores 57 of a.

Palmer's 43 points and Recesso's .

I uolicﬁ'l

The annual sports banquet for
both men and women athletes will
be held on May 19 in the Campus

Center ballroom. Guest speaker for

the event will be Capt. PeteIDaw-
kins of the 1.1.5. Military Academy
at West Point and a former-football
All-American.

  

 

the Ivy League’s Columbia; and con-
secutive shutouts over Brooklyn
Poly and Central Connecticut.
Coach Garcia will be losing a
large part of his starting lineup,
however, as Art Recesso, Mike

COACH JOE GARCIA'S melmen ended the regular season with
a 7-4-1 record. Seniors Warren Crow and Randy Palmer and soph-
more Craig Springer are now in Wilkes Barre, Po. competing in
the NCAA Cilgg‘c-Division championships.

 

Poplaski, and Chet Krom will be
graduating with Crow and Palmer,
as will Bill Clark, a valuable sub-
stliute.

_ Recesso Outstanding I I

Team captain Recesso had aflne a  
season despite a painful rib injury
that plagued him late in the season.

Popiaski was also a steady point .1.
winner. Krom showed considerable  /
improvement as he captured two of l
his last three matches, and Clark
provided valuable points in spot
roles.

Returning for the Great Danes
next year will be Springer, Roger
Gorham, who was the fourth highest
point winner, behind Crow, Palmer
and Recesso, Frank Berry who ended
with a '7-4 slate, and Bill Russell
who was 0-4 on the season.

Seniors Hard to Replace

The freshmen crop is alittie thin,
however, as they failed to win a
match all year. The two mostprom-

PBS Snares lead
league ll Action

Here are the standings of League
II bowling through games of March
4.

TEAM RECORD
PBS , 29-11
'I‘XO 20-14
UPS 19- 16
APA 17-23
EEP 14—26
ALC 13-27

TXO UPSO'

Due to the upset of TXO, Potter
moved out of last place and enabled
PBS to get full possession of first
place. The day was marked by the
highest bowling of the year, both
individually and teamwise.

Gary Torino (AP/i) had a high
season single of 243 and Upsilon
Pill Sigma became the first team
to better the 1000 mark with a
1001 total. -

liigh men for the day were

 

Gary Moscwilz (PBS) 180—543
Steve F‘urdyn (PBS) 107—640
Gary Torino (APA) 243-623
Barry Shapiro (UPS) 105-620
Tom Guilfoyle (EEP) 103-511

Scratch Tournament

Tom Plotrowskl, Commissioner
of League i would like to remind
that any five man team electing to
'enter in a New York State scratch
bowling tournament, should contact
him in Hemliton flail, suite 205 or
by telephoning 457-9910. Deadline

     
  
 
  
  
  

h.i.s. gives tradition

  

with bold new colors featuring Dacron?
Get the best of two worlds. The authentic comfort of Post-Grad styling. The
unlnhlbiied lock of new hues. 66% Dacron'polyaster. 35% Avrllﬁ‘ayon. $8
at uninhibited stores. Press-Free Foobar-d Giselle b M e

, the pants

   
 

 

  

 

‘ when the total contributions to the

. The contributions for the Tele-

  
  
  
     
 

    
 

 

 

HOW.

MUCH MOR E?

 

 

 

 

 

   
    
 
 
 
 
 

  

    
 
  
 

Connected With Government,

‘ by John Cromie according' to Robert Mulvey, was
inefficient because the commission
The bulk of tile Central Council split into aconservative campandl
meeting Thursday night wasdevoted liberal camp. This split hampered
to evaluating and reassessing Cen- the cooperation necessary for effi-
irai Council and its subordinate cent government.
commissions. The problems of each The second problem was tlle poor
commission were discussed at attendance at the meetings. Since
length. LAAC was designed for a larger
Central Council assessed its duty campus, Mulvey didn't feel the need
to express its opinion on national, for changes but felt that the growth
local, and University issues. Henry of the University would solve the =
‘Madej said the Council was afraid present problems.
that its opinion was not the valid 5'00“! Rd"
opinion of t_he_§_iudgnt body. During the Community Program-
Important issues miilg Commission report it was
Joseph Mahay stated that Central noted that the Social and Political
Council could pass resolutions on Problems Board was not able to 3
important issues that would not be maintain an efficient government -
indicative of "how the student body and the commission should work.
feels, but how its leaders feel.” out the general ground rules for
Maliay then expressed his opin- the board.
ion that the Council should be ag- Seymour Zachar asked it the Dip-
gressive in every area and that PlkillPI‘OPel‘ll’ Shoumbemkenawal’
the student government silould pres- {Pom Camp Board and give" bid!
sure the administration for changes to the Student Association. Dr.Rich-
wanted by the student body. or Hauser replied that the Camp
Living Area Affairs Commission, Board had received no go ahead to
- develop Dipplkill in the form of
financial support. Nell Brown stated
that if Central Council wishes action

Roy McCloot

Board’s disposal.

Michael Ginsburg reported that
the Academic Affairs Commission
was on “academic probation." Gins-
burg stated that the academic clubs
land honoraries had little interest in
.the government. In order to create
more interest, Brown suggested that
the commission sponsor sympo-
siums and lectures oi "scholarly
significance” for all the Univer-
sity. Mahay suggested the sponsor-
ing of an academic journal.

Daniel Dubin of the Religious Af-
fairs Commission reported that the
Commission is trying to find the
position of religion to a state cam-
pus.

Tile recent change in the Pan
Hellenic Council, according to Law-
rence Plxiey, has restimulaied in-
terest in the Council. Pixley stated
that the Council is now an outlet
through which the feelings of the
Greeks can be expressed.

David Van Dyck, assistant to the
President for Public Information,
introduced Robert Rice who is in
charge of publicizing sports and
student group affairs. The number
to call to report this information
is 472-7402.

‘ Mental Health Telethon
Contributions Over $5000

"lielly dancing," folk music, the Newman Club. Tile classes of
comedy ncts, classical music and 1903' 1959 and 1970 each cunm-
selections from recent musicals baled respectively $08,$60,aiid$70.
provided students Willi twenty-two Contributions also came from 10..
llUUl'ri 0‘ enlertﬂlllmelll by llel'for- cal businesses around the area.
incrs ill the recent Mental Health ~ .
Telethon. between 11 dull. and (i pm. Sat-
ilut the real entertainment came "may a power [allure accurmd re"
suiting in a lack of 1V coverage
for the Telethon. The cause of the
power failure was attributed to an
electrician, Francis J. Sullivan of
Dedilam, Massachusetts who evi-
Cinni‘rini announced that a total of de'my loucmd a lalooo'vou Wim-
$3,U(i7.50 cash had been collected “OWGVF‘U "‘9 power “fume did
m we twantwtwu “our permm wm, not discourage the spirit of the
pledges added to the cash figure, WWW“-
a total of $5417.50 was collected, Potter Club battled the Johnson
Ulioi‘ficially, Clanfrini felt that a Hall government, the lFO and Co-
totai of $5400 to $5500 would be lullial Quad Independents Saturday
the final amount collected by the night lil all effort to winakiss from
Telethon, Mady Land (a 132 pledge). The money
from the bids was donated to the
Mental Health Teletlion.131dliing was
called off when both groups, neither
of which would admit defeat, had
each donated $75. The total contri-

If! on oil

Forum of Politics sponsored the
lecture by Harrison Salisbury Sun-
day night. Salisbury, a Pulitzer
Prize winning journalist, toured
North Vietnam during the last week
of 1966 and the last week of this
year.

In commenting on the rationale
beillnd the bombing of North Viet-
llam Salisbury outlined the original
reasons for commencing the bomb-
ing radis. According to Salisbury,
it was felt that the bombing would
lower the morale of the North Viet-
namese and raise the spirits of the
then disheartened South Vietnamese.

A third and now obvious reason is
that the bombing would "inierdict
the movement of men and supplies
to the south."

Results of Bombing

Salisbury explained that the bomb-
iilg is giving a spirit to the North
Vietnamese people comparable to
the English during the World War it
blitz. ’i‘ilc Nortii Vietnamese govern-
lneni is taking advantage of this
patriotic unity of the people and
giving them guns. Willi these guns
the general populace is able to par-
ticipate in the war by shooting at
passing American pianos.

Salisbury believes if North Viet-
nam concedes to negotiatepublicaily
this “fighting edge" would be irre-
lrevably lost.

Salisbury made the point that the
bombings were responsible to a
great degree for the increase in till:
effectiveness of the South Viet-
namese organization since 1965.
For instance, Salisbury said, “lilo
Vietnamese army is still fighting,-
niaybe they aren't working up a
sweat about it, but they are there.”

 

William Noilidurﬂ

Telethon were announced by The
Chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee, liuy Cianfl‘lni.

Amount of Success
Salisbury also feels that the Uiii-
ted States has been somewluit suc-
cessful in its goal to disrupt supply
routes of the North Vietnamese.
From what he observed this move-
ment of men and supplies has only
been slowed down, buiiire continuing
to enter the South.

Tile destruction of the roads and
railroads by the bombs has made it
necessary for the Communist gov-
ernment to take workers of all ages

I u j z -. I : : I r J_:

thou come from fraternities, sor—
orities, residence halls, clubs and
the classes of 1968, 1069 and 1970.
Among those contributing $100 were
i... .  .. .,

Lt l’”

    
  

     

 

   
 

 

honorary.

Tile text, signed by McCloat, read:

“MYSKANIA 1968 has been given
a list of recommendations by 1967’s
group, including the establishment
of a standing committee for screen-
ing candidates for Supreme Court,
the adoption of a responsible orien-
tation program for new students,
and participation in an advisory role
in the planning and supervision of
the development of all off-campus
facilities.

"Also, MYSKANIA 1967 recom—
mends that the new MYSKANIA acts
in conjunction with Central Council
in establishing a program of re-
evaluation at frequent intervals of
all government organizations on this
campus.

“Vice-President Thorne had an
excellent suggestion in asking MYS-

ages. The lack of farm laborers,
according to Salisbury will cause a
shortage of rice which must besup-
plied to the North Vietnamese by
Red Cilina.

Salisbury said the bombs had fal-
lell on the civilian populace of Hanoi.
He said tilai this was to be expected
since it would be impossible for the
bombers to hit tile targets 100% of
the time.

Salisbury stated that the effect Of]
the pentagon of his reports about
the bombing of Hanoi was that the
Pentagon chiefs bad to admit that
the United States hadn't perfected
a device to drop bombs on target
100% of the lime.

Negotiations

It is Sailsbury’s belief that the.
North Vietnamese have been at-
tempting to neogiiation since mid-
Deceinber until, perhaps, the past
couple weeks. He felt they have
been forced into negotiating not by
bombs, but by China and the Soviet
Union. North Vietnam is totally de-
pendent Oli China and the Soviet Un-
ion, according to Salisbury. if the

Leueii’ ‘Speak Out’

Features Discussion

Speak Out, a series of informal
discussions held iii the home of
Dr. and Mrs. William Leuc, at 20
Oxford Street, has been revived.

The purpose of Speak Out is to
afford any faculty or students con-
cerned with a communication prob-
lenl on the campus a chance to be
heard.

The first of the renewed series,
was held Sun., March 7, at 8:00
pm. and the topic for discussion,
was “Psychedelic Drugs-lsihe Via-i
loll Worth ".7".

Tile next Speak Out will be held
tilts Sunday and the topic will be
"The Sexual Revolution on Cam-
pus, or The Copulalion Explosion."

Ally interested person is welcome
to come. Topics will range from
arts, philosophy, literature, to re.
iigion, and will present an oppor-
tunity to exchange ideas on these

u t'

 

 
 

VOL. Llll__, N0: in

McClooi, Chairman
0f ’68 MYSKANIA

It was announced last week that the officers of next
year’s MYSKANIA will be Chairman, Ray McCloat:.
Nice-Chairman, Bob Mulvey; Secretary, Lynn Hewitt:
and Treasurer, Mike Ginsburg. At the same time, the
new MYSKANIA released a statement of their pur-
poses and broad plans for the revitalization of the

KANlA to take an active and leading
role ill tile establishing of a Grad-
uate Student government.

"While we realize that MYSKANIA
has no judicial role on this campus,
we are equally cognizant that there
is always a place for stronglead-
ership on any campus. And we shall
strive in all we do to provide that
leadership. A

"Our biggest problem initially
will be overcoming MYSKANIA’s
recent reputation as a do-nothlng
organization and regaining the con-
fidence of the student body. Through
a ceiicerted effort in the fields sug-
gested by last year’s MYSKANIA
and by the administration and in
fields of our own creation we hope
to enjoy a ilighly productive and
successfulyearﬂ,’

tints"asparagus“:.3: Salisbury Describes Effectiveness

0f Bombing In North Vietnam

Sine—Soviet split widens the North
Vietnamese would be in a help-
less situation.

Salisbury is confident thatapeace
would not be hard to work out. He
feels that there are very few dif-
ferences between the Hanoi and
Washington governments and the
main problem is what to do in South
Vietnam.

While speaking to the leaders of
Communist Vietnam Salisbury found
that the dream of one united Viet-
nam under Communism has been
forgotten. He has also found that
tile platforms of the NLF and Hanoi
are vastly different.

The platform of the NLF is sim-
ilar to what the Americans want in
Vietnam which will also make it

easier for a peace to be concluded
when the time comes.

 
  

Henllon Sellellul

  
 
 
  

   
   
 
 
 

    
  
    

 
    
 
   
   
 
       

   

    
 
  

  
  

      
 
   

 
 

 
     
        
     
     
    
  

 

   
  
  
  
  

   
  

 

  

   
   
  
   

     
   

man‘s .

   
      
     
   
        
      
       
      
  
    
     
      
  
     
       
         
       
        
           
  
      
        
      
     
     
        
        
    
      
        
        
       
    
        
            
       
       
          
          
     

 

   
        
    
   
 
 
  

   
   
   

      
      
     
    

    
  
       
     
     
    
  
 
  

 

