The Albany state baseball-nine «split, apati- this  oilf‘i'tioaday theyiiunlped

 Willow alt'z“ 591’.&him.M'Mngﬁﬁtamof Cas’ Lu Wednesday's make-

ifdefenl’le

with Ste

:'A went
on  in

   

‘ , ,Whichnwas disc outstanding

‘ authenticated,»
"on to win. 1549; 

risilt'neflﬁlndii . . , .
Great Daneshit well- in both games but the

lumped? runs in the

 

direc‘do'ilbie plays against New Piltz.“ and thepitching
in the first game. were not up to par.

 

the fireworks really started.Albany
lit the sixth on three walks, a
, and Sinnot’s two run

 U“   ‘  ’ ' fo doll“ “LIIIIIIMXW:
Gum twat“ an the my  did .nt Webb the maneuver

“aim new rpm“ ‘5 he 1th itepurposeasCllr-is-

 

 

ALBANY, NEW YORK VOL. Llll, N0. 20..

 

 

 

 

 

. nly'
_ y . ~ 09st!“ . .
E; ,hav , power'to initiate archange‘ in athletic policy,
' which includes starting a new intercollegiate'sport
on campus. The committee that Presithnt Collins
recently set up will have thispower. and from this
body will come the decision if we have football at
this University in the near future. '.
, This was the controversy surrounding the recent
proposal” presented to A.A. Board which requested
“funds to be used to entertain prospective athletes
for a day or two to ‘convince them toattend this
I, school. The Board felt that this is a change in ath-
. letic policy. over which it had no jurisdiction. 'Hence.
the proposal was referred to the President’s Com-
mittee on Intercollegiate Athletics. . v
Even if the Board did have power to start a football
team. we wouldn’t have a club in the fall. There would
'still be one think lacking -— a coach. The State allows
the University only one new coach a year. and next

year lhe Athletic Department Will have a new member 3': the can." “Elders ensuingov‘r' y, will enable Central Council Finance a a h t
Who ' 'mm ' row‘ ‘* n ‘ est." The government l a was con-
th fvin comm YarSity 5m mg and varmty trac“ In the Sixth Chr 15"“ ream“! u Ehgmggltglﬁltt: Eights tileneccgslsgzyi   a    19‘4 1“ favor or CleVEland'Tms was ceived was one that would in the fu-
( e 9 events)- an error, and Webb singled himto ' the two-thirds majority he needed {We serve a much larger Unlveh
V Douglas Upham, chairman of the i
A student coached team is not the solution. We feel tmid- Coach Burlineame the“ can“ Finance Committee, stated that this by cm. Undmun ‘0 yhn-mnowm e0 1e “reelected sity, a University larger than the
that with an initiation of a new intercollegiate sport,   ‘ measure will increase the power of , I to cgmm Cougngu ﬁrm the Dutch one we now have.
it must get off to a good start. A professional person »  “51:?  age dsccgad gin stage; oi lecaire’s’ ziltlofrl of science. hetlst :15: 33‘“? Quad: Doreen Frankel, Terry Math- A -I
could build the team from the beginning and mold it .  e 'm old policy had to approve such $215 61 8 me" C ﬁve“ on o amee'vo “me 5e 0 0° 5 ea' 1353"“ Pa‘Mattesm  
. g ven Thursday at 3.35 by Dr. ing with thephotosynethetic process. From the Colonial Quad David ’
into a well-trained and well-organized unit. The pro— changes if they included over a Eugene Rubinowitch in Room 133 of EWING" 0‘ Physics Cummmgs’ Gregory HMS and Jen r- . .
fessional coach would command the respect,of the var" mm"- 0‘ “‘9 C‘m’h ‘ hu'med dollars' the Humanmes Buudmg'Theser‘es In his first lecture he described Mishkht were elected ‘0 Central    »
thl . transfer student "om Iona Cone. The Council also passed a bill oi lectures will be held Monday and C un 11 ‘
a etes and could assert much more authority than ’ , some oi the radical changes taking 0 c - . ,
was the only unanimous selection that limited to four the number 01 Thursday afternoon from 3.85 to 1 l ,h o, h s,“ Mams 0...), two 583,5 were available There is presently ‘
could 8. student coach. on the 1967 AMIA League I All. 990919 Wh" “Wm 513“ VWChers ‘0‘" 4:25 “nm June 1- Eeiﬁeml, 5:12:33, naps :nabfed mm from State Quad and these were $375,000 available in Ed- '1

As the poll showed, 86% of the undergraduates. Emefﬂ'siﬂimm by emu“ 2:338"greAstllgditﬁggldgllimﬁfl  voliii'ﬁbt'liliiilciit1.333.“:7 to predict so much oi the future has wgp by Vic Looper and Craig Sprln' u c a tio ll a1 Opportunities ‘1
graduates. and faculty stated that they wanted a foot- om...- nm mm selection, in. president of Student Associationand “Bulletin oi the Atomic Scientist.” risug‘f: igcxiti’ﬁgeéltgg‘etrf  mm, Mills, Caro] Heme and Grants the Director of Fi- "
ball team here at Albany. It is the students who are envied mu m and Denny m o the president and vice president of in the past he has written numerous u 0 Hate Dr Rablnowuch felt the Myke pal-ker won seats to represent “ancial Aids John Whit-
th th 1; - both from Alpha Pi Alpha Bob the Finance Committee. Eliminated articles anditelns on science and co 9 ' ‘ o . 1 '

e ones a are paying for the athletlc program at Rifenberick of KB and R ' II from this privilege are two mem- public affairs °pp°5m has occur-rem C mmmers on cam“ comm ‘ 100kr announced 1351: week.
this univerSItY- We feel that the “Ministration ShOUId Cloai from Potter 'Club. Elﬁn V: - , bers from each commission. Ac- Awarded UliESCO’s annual Ka- The evomuon 0‘ physms’ accord- Coiggllmiflzl'? aiggrzﬁﬁghﬁéess all: contrary to 135' year “men‘me
cater to the students' wishes. especially since an the only repeater from last year's 99"" ILKN Inhaled a lift la a recent hut-ll gene cording to Upham the °°mm1551°n 11"“ PM" "‘5‘ ye” m 90”““1' Eﬁnﬁ‘i’nunégr‘fﬂélé‘ii‘l"&hn33? «Ell inaugurmd- James Kah" and Sue "tie‘ﬂiﬁimdc'leneg‘ié‘ire$3333”
overwhelming majority want the sport here. There-   :ﬁrggggat hug/edit]! as Donn play at Plansbuvgil today and Potsdam tomorrow: duality of spiritual and physical Chappe represent Academic Aiiairs prmed only onemamhe necessary
fore. ' if we canmn have a Club type team next year, y sq ' .y a" 2" °n° ﬂ" ’°°‘°"-    G '   conCeptS together- 35:3:ﬁlmibylﬁéﬂggﬁ$33313? funds, there are funds available for

e - ’ 1
{ﬁe University or the Athletic Department should take Teljmnaeedbt: the second team were  "’8 g scﬁgf,,ffc°‘,’33,,i§f,§‘,f ity Programming. Gary Gold alld gﬁzeygxmed for 67’ 68 aca'

e appropriate action to make the AMA football rules r r and way“ 5‘11"" 0‘  0 l U a d T . a Very static science Dr Rabino- Margaret Dunlap were elected from u ,5 ho'

- . r ped that there will be
more like tackle football. such as making mandatory i'.‘§...“"§.§'.'.'§§"cr§§'"§éuf‘mw’t‘§i¥°’r n y n eate eam   Barrymore  “’“Ch me“ several impm‘a'" ad' $°”}"‘?;.1‘““°" dcoilir/"TSSI‘EI 1M”? ‘unds available m 5m“ Nam“)
mouth guards or letting a person dive for a runner. the Sim, alld Jiin Lagounl’ain 3f . urcgsldi’gftggeﬁfgsi especially “‘ r:;resen;‘{:: ““Rengfoff;  garage ’35:}:  

. p , . ~ .

Unfortunately. the University is going in the wrong Eggs” “5 3 “'5' team H  A '80 Victor ' In a program that has been hailed Superior in “The Sound oi Music." Moteculor usnetlcs 23:3;L5::°?-e§;‘lcikilg“oﬁl “3“ 33:11 contrast to the 900 loans granted
direction. Instead of making the rules stricter and ‘- 9  as unique. different, and delightful, She has been president-0ft the The greatest achievement of the Comm“ p e r this year; at this linlleuiinalhDe-
tan or the Univ rs" i Honorable lnentl .t - . l he Wood will join with Ethel American National Theatre and twentieth century have been the - ‘ fense Loans appropr a ons ave
injuglltllou's b 1i 61 lg saitt‘i‘mpgngtomake them less oer-up APA’s Ke:n;a::2rl?sraullld by 3'" RY“ Balg‘glnore Colt to present A Mad- Academy since 1959 and is a vice- advances in molecular genetics.’l‘he “$29,153, SeaSZIlngzl 10’  not been completed. ‘ -
I y e m na “g c o S and puns and en" Gary Torino, Joe Horne'Gary K0. .’ rigal of Shakespeare for Capital president of the Episcopal Actors ability to predict the formulation of Hoffman Mai; mxson 5013]!“ “up Because the N.Y.S. Higher Edu-r 'h
forcing stand—up blocking. These rules would make Chen, and John Naumowitz oi the Alpha Pi Alpha continued their wi 'I District theatreooers- Guild in addition to serving on the new organism has enabled man to Schnabey and yConme values in": cation Loan Program 15‘ presently
the game less exciting to watch and the g Omani in- Camfs KB's Rich Patrol and Pot- th - mung ways 33 Sponsored by the Theatre Alumni Advisory Committee for the Arts determine much of his future. m D t I d under revision applications will not
wrest i th t m di . pe . . ter's Coorge Webb. Horlle was a e.y knoc'md Off previous“, undefeated Hooper Ath- Association with the cooperation of for the National Cultural Center in He cited three reasons for random first: Egrjmgl Qu d LAAC be available until the middle of'

n e spor wou e rapidly. In addition. ﬁrst mam Memo“ 3 year ago letlc Club Sunday afternoon. 5-4. HAC bounced back the Department of Speech and Dl'a- Washington, D. C. changes in genetics: temperature, resemuves are R: Aden ‘Pe‘l’l'l May at the earliest. -'
probably nobody would be willing to enter a team into while Naumowitz and Zacharias Wednesday as they clobbered STB 16 2 d ' mane Art of the State University since September Miss Wood has radiation and chemical {mom He Bresun Bob “Dime: Na 1 If 600 positions have already been
the leagues were second team choice ~ ' an 1“ Other ofNew York at Albany lbwotram been teaching a seminar in Styles explained that the more highly com- ' I “W 9' .equcsted in the Work-Study Pro-"

- 5- action KB turned back the Potter B te 15 8 “ ' i D it Pr duotion at the Uni- 11- t d i ~ if t dt DWI 8°” Mulvey 3"“ Barry W91"- ram- although positions are avail-

There is definite] enough talent onthi c to The “mm” were Picked by “m' ' - ° "ma ° ° p “‘9 °rg““5"‘5we'” 9” ° stein. g '

y 5 ampus the team canning The APA-Hooper tilt was areal three runs in the seventh only to varsity. a greater extent by these three fac- Candidates wlnm m able the funding has not been for-
start a club. This can be seen from the outstanding . hair-raiser as me rallied for fall one run short. Rich “Bambi” Ethel Barrymore Colt is the tors. LAAC from state ouiﬁai’zsvﬂio“ many Okayed by the Federal Gov.
play of some of the players inthe AMIA leagues When' Morrison. a hooper in his own daughter of the late,legendai-yEthei Through the scientific revolu- e, Joannewwmndmm. w w {’1' ernmentveh
asked to comme t n tm Mike 601 hr ’ right, did a fine job in making his Barrymore, and she has delnon- tion of the twentieth century, Dr. Fr'om Commuters Jeff‘e B0 a ' on campus housing ,5 Medan“, '

n o 5' dye v captain 0f ’ softball pitching debut for APA. strated the talents ofhel' formidable Rabinowuch {en man will be the Grace Fortunate wuna Grim“: being I" mrmnum. work.
last year’s League I champions. Potter Club. had this The lithe sophomore who normally “mg “mu” “*9 “‘55 w"°"' She mam“ °‘ "‘5 “We and “0mm Joe McCullough 'Marlorlrgmﬁalentfnrd Study m“ If "I! “I'm-3 A
to say: “The reason we lack football here certainly plays shortstop was very effective earned a long list of pl'ofeSslonal the destiny of humanity. Rosemary Thorﬁson m u. “may .mu m m ‘
“Nth soarcny of talent PM P 1. th hi until weakening ill the seventh, but credits. She has acted on Broadway, The remaining lectures will be- ‘ ’

- VB 8 mm 9 gh BChOOl hung on to stymie the HACs. llAC ') national teleVlﬁioll. and Wilhher 0W“ open to both University students ‘ '
team--of which I was a member subsequently played chucker, nay Cassia, did a Very reperiOl'y company. and non-students on either a credit
football at Ithaca. Syracuse. Hobart. RPI. Union. 0 a, cretiilble lob considering he was Miss Coll ilas allso Silllgl wilth or non-credit basis.
' wor ng without a day's rest. eiE i OPEI‘B wmllan 85. “C W III; ,
Sigrigtiv: Seoruand' atrium. Lawrencﬁ' “(jugs univer' Ray Clanfrini led APA's attack the New York City Opera, the Cin- Shakespeare 8 W 01*
an my Dr V ego 0080 . an emma to as he poled a clutch two-run single cinnatl and N.B.C. Operas. A E

com la a ainst man athletes with the 00 a and Stalehmne'FreS'lman‘anlen’ T ical critical acclaim for the t "8' Eve- I‘hul‘O. 5
was; "356353135, to gay small college {glibgi‘lbli lczak, APA cellterflelder, aided the 5,103,” m “om “a ma, success“
b u u ' S A cause with two hits. Wayne Smith to “she is captivating." Last sum- This semester's Engllsn evening

e we a "'9 onlousb' Chose" team from the best H We“ 2 '0’ 3 ‘0’ “AC. but Fred mer Miss Colt conducted a drama will be held in the Campus Center
players in the AMIA could give this institution a very lﬁrovldﬁd :hfx bigdblow lin tge workshop at Salve Regina College ballroom Thursday. May 4 at a,

l‘ b " as e 0 0w 5 “E 95 l’ in Newport Rhode island. p.ln. and will feature preselltationo
especta le gridlmnentry' we Whomheartedly uglye'  grim Jursak and fl] cafsllfl'l l’c’lml'a m" '"ﬂ wood The program to be presented in Shakespeare's works.
ma run 0v" ‘e r 3 e “r 5 ' will be resented one evening only Page Hall by the two distinguished included in the prograln“An Eng-
“, we therefore propose that the Premdent’s commit" he'd' ADA “8 0"“ “Eamwtsmnd' ) May 9, ltit 8:30 pm. iii Page Hall: ladies is a series of excerpts from llsh Evening With Silakespeare"will

e on Intercollegiate Athletics take the appropriate - m“ m the “eld‘ They executed a .' and there will be no admisnion Shakespeare and of songs from be presentation of ActV of ‘A Mid-
steps to initiate a football Club for the fall of 1968   D amugh Mtge: 3 2am, 4 9:23“? 91“” charge, shows based on his plays. summer’s Night's ore‘am’ (hinted
Being a member of this com 7 . e r y n y- A Madrigal of Shakespeare is the Devlsed by Miss Wood, the show by Alex Krakower. nt sac , nown

"littee. W8 Will try what— in the KB-Potter B game Buzz ' a Tm be
V I new it rogram to be presented by was presented for the time in 1966 as the Pyramus an 5 scene,
ever ":1: can tof influence the rest of the members to afﬁx?! 'L‘g‘ﬁ", '°r "‘9 “2‘0"er Miss god this year in her capacity at the Hammond Museum in North Shakespeare employs the play within
We need or football n The ' c peewmma " as A as E Futterer Lecturer. Salem New York. The initial per- in play technique.
showed that the Etude t' o tars campus' p0" loaned m "'9 “Wm”! 0’ "'9 Campus Center The "AC-:7“! llama saw Ray Miss‘glllVood is the first holder of formallce was received as “a unl- Penny Wright and Robert Clayton .
t . _ n 8 Willi ootball and it is the Casein return to his victor-ins {arm this distinguished position estabg we experience" and with applause will give‘sollqules,'and James both ' r
s udents who are paying the money' The only thing we as be easily disposed of the brown lished in 1966 by the Theatre Alumni ‘aa warm as a July night." dell will give a camel reading. ,4.” 
need to have a team here is for someone to say ‘yes' “d 99:)“- "y‘alsg‘ helped his own Association to honor Miss Agnes E. 'l‘lcketiiuforbe A Mzﬁriglu oggokos- t Tbl: Elglishtgvgitmx skill; lac: :  ' . a 
’ . . cause y uetn rec hits. E ritus in Bill's w av a a on fig 5 n rec syear y a _
and we only hope that this is the answsr that the u , olfsnsive help WES given by magi; Stillman?“ and! as at the State University Rogersfis acpooionshakospcm. MR5 VIRGIN! LIVIINI. Pot-t. Coulee. Pom Lotti-at.
.ommittce and the President come UP With. What W8. Tuna-Sat. 8330 a.m.-5:00 I) III “my o'l’ume" "M ‘nm Cmdw' ') MW “"m‘sm“ “9 “ mp 5‘” Emma!“ °‘£‘-9-q‘-swm" m“ '5 con“ mu m “ma “nomad.” WI w" MM." "um"... I. ' I"... h“ mm" M.“
else can we do? ‘ ' ' “no. Mike Bloom turned in a fine ’ in theatre, motion picturesandtele- no admission charge, tickets must the Ballroom. Mind's lay "Negans' Goat” which was ﬂuent-d POM”
_ m. same at short. ' vision, Miss Wtzgd's :nos: Mremit  obtusth it'l‘ordcr tolitocp within (otthill‘ldtal‘oﬂud persons are invited a..." a, ,L E” by ,5" (“my '0 a "ﬂu ha". .
success was in a rat: 0 o r ago sea ngoapac y. e
_ :1, W“W"f*‘:¥'_‘v ' ~1-L-"{_'—‘;::;:;;M_WMM v r —- ’"‘—""——"""""*’"" W

_ yielded ‘7 hits and Only one
unearned run. He also re—
cortbd 9 strilteoutsﬂtoup
his total on the year to
20 KS in 17 innings.

New Palti got its lone run in the .

second on a double and athrowlng
error. The Great Danes came back
for 3 in the fourth when with two
outs Jack Sinuott sinued to right,
Denny Eikin singled to left, Andy
Christian singled -to the center,
George Webb‘ also singled to cen-
ter, and New Paltz committed an
error. '

Albmy Wraps It Up

Albany then added a couple se-
curity runs, one in the fifth and
another, in the sixth. Galka walked
and Art Stein, who went in to rial
as isnallowed by the new speedu
rules, stole second, took third in
the catchers over throw, and scored

tian scored easily.

The stone game was a reaiwild
one. The lndians jumped into a
quick:-01eadinthetopofthe
first, but the Albany ninecalne right
back with two in the bottom of the
second, both runs scoring on Gary
Torino's bases loaded single. Siena
then added too in the fourth before
Webb came on to put out the fire.

single.

‘Three more GreatDaneruns came
across in the seventh when, with
two outs, Bob Lowell walled, Art
Stein‘singled, and a double steal
worked successfully. Paul Leon-
etti’s' single was follqwedby another
successful double steal, andasingle
by Jim Hurley brought across Al-

bany’s ninth and final run.

Siena, however, was not tobeout-

Ruin Start to Pour Across

Albany added a run in their half runs in the top of the eighth and for

ofthharthalaiaeumtoﬂlhan intensive purposes It was all
the “to lb it 0-8 ﬂeas. ‘l'h-I one.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

done. They came up with seven big,

 

 

 

Final Council Meeting
Passes Seﬁes 0f Acts

The last meeting of the second
Central Council was held on the
eve of the final day of elections
for the new ’67-'68 council. Al-
though it was the last meeting Cen-
tral Council passed aseries of fi-
nancial measures concerning the
management of funds under com-
mission control.

One change permits the commis-
sions to approve the use of funds,
which were labeled for one pur-
pose, for a different purpose. All
changes in a budget will cause a
freezing of thelines that are changed
for a ten day period. This freeze

 

members very rarely signed vouch-
ers. Upham also noted that this
policy would centralize the control
of the Student Association funds.

Deborah Friedman introduced a
bill providing for a space on each
voucher for the total amount oftll
unspent budget to be entered. i
was hoped that this measure will
help educate the students in their
money matters and prevent over-
drawn budgets.

‘ru' satin-W .196

 

        

Election Results

‘Rahinowitch lecture Series

 

New Council “Elects
Cleveland President

William Cleveland was elected President of Central
Council for the 1967-68 year atameetingof the mem—
bers of Central Council Sunday. April 30. Jeff Mish-
kin ran against Paul Downs and Vic Looper for the
position of Vice President of Central Council. Downs
withdrew after the first ballot and Looper after the
second. consequently. Mishkin won the position.

Cleveland was opposed
by Vic Looper who won his Neil Brown, Director of Studen:
position on Central Council 233:; 22:22:. lilili‘lé“ii‘if£.§.
as a representative at large with a review of the past. He said
from State Quad. The voting that “it was in 1963-64 that student

the second ballot was government revision begaininearn-

      

   

 

 

....<.:.;..2.‘.:\1a.  ‘ ‘

 

 

 

