  
  
  
 

   
 
  
 
  

   
  

 

 

 

 

 ‘I _
(I ‘ shill) ,7 _ _
straight~forwsrd mu. Nothing unusual

 

. .. ’IIIOIII it—exeept that the"proletariats. to
whom Marx referral. are now trying to kill

each other'in order to reduce antagonism.

‘ 1 I thought a logical explanation might *be
hidden‘in the theories ofpolitical science. The
explanation was very well hidden. I tried
analyn‘ng modern Socialism with dual-level
Iop‘cgarne analogy. zero sum relationships.
prisoner‘s dilemmas. No use. Even the old
reliable analytical tools like the dialectic.

process paradigm. and- Machiavellianisrn -

failed to cast any light uponthe Marxist wind.
Thus. I futilely attempted to analyze Socialism
until I fell into a confused slumber.

It soon became obvious to me that the only
way to understand Socialism was to go right to
the source. Approaching one of the ubiquitous
Socialists on the poduim. I began. “U hh. ex-
cuse me. . ."

.“Good morning comrade. How are you this
glorious people's day? May the dialectic grant
renewed strength to the proletariat."

“Uh—I‘d like to learn something about
Socialism.”

“Say no more. Comrade. Our Glorious
People's Newspaper will tell you of the
progress of the world’s workers in casting off
their chains and rising up to smash their
capitalist racist sexist facist imperialist war-
monger pig oppressors. And only 25 cents a
copy."

“I'm out of money.” I said. remembering
what Marx's belief in“Communistic abolition
of buying and selling." “But since you‘re a
Socialist. why don't youjust givemeaeopy'!”
. “You mean FOR FREE? What are you.
some kind of a shithead'!"

Here. it seemed. was one of the more in-
tiguing facets of Socialism—it is remarkably
Capitalistie in its outlook. It generally costs
one or more dollars simply to attend a
Socialist meeting. and Socialist books and
newspapers all cost money. It costs nothingat-
tend a meeting of the Young Republicans
(whom all Socialists denounce self-righteoust
as "capitalistic.") For that matter. the Young
Republicans do not actively solicit funds—
whereas we see posters exhorting us to “give S
to the Labor Party.“ Like the man said. did
you expect to learn about the evils ofeapitalist
commerce for free?

Another point of interest—the central
enemy of Socialism is Nelson Rockefeller.
Rocky is that character colloquially referred
to by socialists as the “Boogie-Man." He's
watching your every move and hiding behind
every tree and rock.just waiting to pounce on
you. Rocky may look dumb. but that‘s only a
disguise. He's credited with trying to freak out
and over-dose New York City with the
methadone program . . . causing racism and
sexism. . .tryingto build nuclear reactors to
've us all radiation oisoning . . .in fact.so

 
 

   
 

.50 w/tox

“WW Mm: «1’ a WWII

  

SPEAKERS FORUM presents as part of

PARENTS WEEKEND  

- Co-authored with Carl Bernstein All The President’s Men and

The Final Days
- Investigative reporter for the Washington Post and one of the

chief'uncoverers of Watergate

SLOO General Public

Tickets go on sale Wed. Oct. 6 in CC 332
Ticket sales beginning Oct. 7 move to SA Contact Ofﬁce

Sat. 0a. to 9. p.nt.

human race.“ a'ndleave her hat. The CIA was
founded to'carry out Rock‘s dirty work.

 

 One .more' point. .An'yone‘who doubts the
‘ truth oftheabove statements is a (take a deep

breathiracist. sexist. facist. imperialist. war-
monger pigl The reason runs thus: Socialists
have gone on record as saying they disapprove
of racism. sexism. and the rest of it. Therefore.
anyone who is not a socialist is necessarily
racist. sexist . . . and so on. I‘m oftenamazed
how anyone who accepts such specious logic
can still have enough intellect to correctly spell
“CIA.” i ,

Remembering these things. I could now
easily lind a Socialist to answer my questions.
I just took out my wallet. and there he was.

“Finally.” I began, “The suspense is killing
me. Will you tell me what all this Socialism
really means?“

“Easy. Comrade" he said. “don‘t look at me.
We‘re being watched.“

“By whom?“

“Those two turkeys over there. They work
for the CIA and they‘ve been spying on me all
day. Pretend you don‘t know me."

“How do you know they‘re CIA spies? All
they're doing is looking at us."

“I just offered to sell them one of my
newspapers." he explained. “and they
declined!“

I gasped.

“There isn‘t much time" he continued. They
may have already discovered us. lfthey have.
then ours will be the honor of dying for the
greater glory of the l’roletariat.“

“Wait a minute! What dying? What the hell
is this . . 

“Better our lives. than the lives of millions.
Don't try to thank me. I can see you're
speechless with gratitude. Just listen. We have
learned that Rockefeller is attempting to build .
nuclear power plants in all the world's cities.
so he can kill the human race with radiation
poisoning.“

"So that‘s his plan!” I exclaimed. “But why?
Why does he want to kill the masses?“

“Because the masses want to build nuclear
power plants.“

“HU H?“

“Can‘t you see? If the people have nuclear
power. they won‘t need petroleum. and the
Rockefeller dynasty will crumble."

“I don‘t understand. lf nuclear power will
kill the masses. then why do the masses want
to build . . 

“Because we can‘t let Rockefeller beat us to
it! You just don‘t understand Dialectical
Materialism!“ .

uNo. and if I ever start understanding it. I‘ll
be ready for the funny farm “

“What‘s that?“

"Nothing."

“There's more. You‘ve heard of the
Methadone Program?" Another Rockefeller
front. Methadone was invented in Germany in

'33. They called it Dolphine. in honor of

Adolph llitlcr. It turns its victims into
mindless. gibberng idiots!"

Tax card holders only
Limit - 3 tickets per tax card

  

Unlvorslt G tn

 
  

..  how' long have you been taking the

'_ slttfl'l"

“Don't linterr‘upt. Using methadone,
Rockefeller wants to freak out the whole pop-
ulation of New York: so they’ll start a race war
and kill all mankind!” . ‘

“Explain just one thing. If both Rocky and
the masses want nuclear power plants . . .“

“Comrade! You‘re not listeni ngl We are em-
broiled in a battle of wits against fascism. Are
you ﬁghting with me or against me?"

"With you. certainly. I never light an un-
armed man."

"As I was saying.“ he continued “Do you
want to see New York turned into a land of
mindless. gibbering idiots?”

"Certainly not.” I said. “and that‘s why I
don't support your party." Surprisingly. this
time he was actually listening to my reply.

"Aha!" he shouted. “I'm on to you now!
You're one of them!” he declared. gesturing
toward the CIA spys watching us. (Both spys
denied it.) .You‘re a racist.» sexist. fascist. im-
perialist. sexist. fascist. racist. Trotskyist. war-
monger pig dog scum! Who do you work for.
anyway. the FBI or the CIA?"

It was a difficult choice; ultimately I chose

_ the CIA.

So. my infatuation withsocialism ended. As
for Marx himself(bythe way. it’s a rare Marx-
ist who knowsthat Marx‘s first name was Karl
and not (iroucho). if you remove all the non
sequiters. self-contradictions. and irrationali-
ty. all that is left is a rather scruffy. red-faced
man with his mouth open. As for his legacy.
something about the peculiar logic of
Socialism is not quite sound. On that. l'll stake
my reputation as a political scientist!

 

cross strolghtllno

The Miss ion:

Following are excerpts front last Sunday
nighl’s Straightline show on WSUA. 640
A M. Hos! Dan Gaines spoke willtAcIing Vice
President for Academic Affairs David Martin.

Gaines: What does it mean to be "acting"?
Does that mean you‘re not really Academic
Vice President? ,

Martin: Sometimes I wish it did mean
that...l’resident Fields has been very careful to
let the constituencies and colleagues know
that when we use the term “acting” here at
Albany we usually give full power to the per-
son. We don‘t want action to stop.

Gaines: What fcedbuck have you been receiv-
ing about the proposed mission study [which
has been released by President Fields.chttrting
a direction for the university]?

Martin: Surprisingly little.

We do know that some departments are off
and running; they‘re taking it as a challenge
and they‘re already working on their plans for
the next three years...thcy've accepted the
general concept of the mission. I think it still
needs to be refined...

Gaines: Any particular reﬁnement?

Marlin: I think the refinement that is needed is
the definition of“public policy"... there‘s been
an immediate interpretation on campus. and
also offcampus.that it means we are somehow
going to become a service agency for state
government. and that‘s not the intention at all.
We hope to be able to st:er them better in
numbers of ways but we're not here tosudden-
ly start educating their people at no cost or
start providing services for free...

Gaines: Do you understand what the “Cum-
mittcc of Concerned Faculty" are saying
about the mission and Fields?

Marlin: I think so...l attended one of their
meetings this summer. and l tttlettthd their
press conference last week...

Many ot'their concerns that appeared in the
discussion this summer were very broud in
nature; they were concerned about the whole

   

Tickets ﬁrst 3 days

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Public Policy?

question of morttlcin highcrcducalion... They
were concerned about faculty who were not
available to students. about the whole
teaching-learning relationship and it was not
directed particularly at our campus... The
media. in looking for something...pick on
those particular items. A number of people
who have been ittvolvcd with the grottp have
been people whose term has not been renew-
cd...
(iuincs: Student demand plays at significant
role in the mission plan‘s system for resource
allocation. Do you place at vttlucjudgutcnt on
shifting student dcmtmd itt course cltoiccs'.’
Marlin: ..lfwe followed completely student
demand. we could become tt university of
business. There's ll tremendous demand for
business this year. and probably for u few
years coming because people believe there is a
good opportunity for ctnployment out there.
And right now it‘s true...

A third of the freshman students were in-

terested in becoming business majors.
Another third were interested in
becoming let's call it pre-med. biology.

chemistry. ctc. —» ttnd that leaves only it
third of the freshman class spread across the
other disciplines. Now there's no way that the
university is ever going to be able to move
resources in that way. It would not leave us
with any kind of a balanced program that we
should have for what we see as a general liberal
education... so you cannot follow student de-
mand directly.

We‘ve observed student dcmttnd changing
as much as 30% in one department from one
semester to the next... But there are long range
trends. in Psychology. for example...

(Minus: Is your name bcingconsidcrcd for per-
mtlncnt appointment?

Marlin: I don‘t believe so.

Gainer: Would you consider it at any time in
the future?

Marlin: I don‘t belich so...

       
   
   
   
       
  
   
 
   

SEPTEMBER 28, 1970

  
    
 
 

 

  

 

   
  
 

r g
l

Nellie Takes Bow

ay ED Mossa
A stellar performance from
Nellie Brown anda musical bonus
from other guest artists made for a
memorable Sunday evening of folk
music.
It isn‘t easy to describe Nellie

  
 

   
   
   
     
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  

 
 

backround in opera has helped make
her vocals as pure as those of Judy
Collins. with the high pitched
loveliness of Joan Baez. There's it hit
of .loni Mitchell in the distinctive
way she holds and accents the last
syllable of a phrase. and a hint of

 
 
  
 
 

  

      
       
  
     
  

 

 

Brown‘s wonderful voice. Ms. Bonnie Ruitt blucsincss inthcslowcr
Brown‘s singing sounds almost material.
operatic, Perhaps due ‘0 her She accompanies herself on guitar

    
   
  

with the simple chord arrangements

movousuow...

. . . that Student Association has its own Supreme Court.
just ltke the one In Washington?

penchant for classical music. Her

      
  
 
  
     
 

. . . that any student whol‘eclsthutSA has infringcdttpon
his or her rights may bring acasetothe Supreme Court?

     
     

.  that there is a Legal Commission to help students to
bring cases to the Supreme Court'.’

   
     
   
    
    

Well. i! has. Iltcy can. and ll (lacs!

 
   
     
    

Supreme Court presently has openings for three
justices, and the Legal Commission needs peo-
ple too.

 
    
 
 
  
     
  
 
   
 

For more info. t'mllflt'l Vicki { 7-7 7 I (I) or lllt‘ .S'.-l (If/ivy (( "(Ll-M),

  

tlIIIIIIlllullllltllllllllllllllIIIIIIIIIIItlIIIIllIIIIIllllIlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIulutlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

  
 

 

 

 

  

   
 

This unspect'aculir playing In
her strength. how‘eve ..
everything about Nellie . Brow.

fosters a relaxed mood. Her uni”

pretentious manner and even her
congenial plumpness radiate
warmth and maternity. The little
stories she tells to introduce her

songs may not be the words of I]. _

great humorist. but serve well
enough as the easy conversation of a
old friend.

Prior to the beneﬁt. Nellie Brown
had received two threatening phone
calls warning her. according to her
husband John Koethen. “that she‘d
be sorry if she appeared' or ‘went out
walking alone?" Ms. Brown was
forced to wait for an escort of
Albany police to take her to the
show. This wait caused her late
arrival at the benefit.

It was worth waiting for a
nightingale. .

In contrast to Nellie Brown..Kcvin
McCttnn. seemed bored during his
performance.

By STEPHEN ElSENMAN

Cambiata Incorporated is an
orgnnirntion whose goal is the
presentation of outstanding solo.
chamber and ensemble music in the
capital area. Sponsored largely by
the Albany lnstitutc of History and
Art. the group‘s first concert took
place Sunday afternoon.

The concert was given by Samuel
'l'hicl. french horn. Benjamin Hud-
son. violin ill‘ld Raymond Beegle.
piano .'l hough l upprovc ofchnrity
on all levels. the money paid these
musicians would have been better
spent enlarging the AlHA's yearly
flower show. Perhaps the musicians

  
 
  
  
 
    
     
   

. , - C
His grinding voice played too harsh-
ly on quiet tunes like Jackson
Browne‘s Jamaica. as did his overly
brash guitar accents. Mike‘s gruff
style was more at home on John
Philip‘s gritty Me and My Uncle.

The show was a benefit for the
SUNYA chapter of the Young
Socialist Alliance to raise money for
the presidential ticket of the Socialist
with his music running hot and cold. ‘ Workers Party.

Unprofessitmal Muslciunshlpﬂstc.

 

Yet MeCann smoked on a song
like Machine Gun. Tension created
by the gurgling pulsations of his
finger-picking was resolved by the
sharp stabs of his slide. And on a
number by Johann Sabastian Bach.
this gurgling sensation perfectly
fitted the dizzy baroque beat
Denny Mike finished the show.
He has a distinctive appearance.

were merely unprepared. indeed they
sectncd to be sight reading
throughout their performances of
Beethoven. Bach. and Brahms.
The first piece onthc program was
Beethoven's Sonata 0p. l7. played
by Mssrs. 'l'hicl and Becgle. Thicl
began besitantly. his tones lacking
real power or resonance. The notes
were badly sustained and the sound
was mufllcd: in part due to Thiel's
orienting the bell of his born into the
accompanying piano. Mr. llccgle on
the piano was terrible. He struck and
sustained each note in the same way
with his foot glued to the pedal. He
missed notes. and there was little

feeling for color or musicality.

The second work. Bach's Sonata
III in E Major. featured Benjamin
Hudson on violin and Mr. Beegle on
piano. Here Mr. Hudson displayed
ignorance to Baroque style. On no
occasion did his bow leave the
string in the appropriate Baroque
stocatto manner. He had too much
vibralto. and he might have profited
had be tuned his instrument more
precisely.

The second half of the program
consisted oftlte Brahms Trio. It is a
magnificent piece of music despite
the sounds heard in the recital hall of
the Albany Institute.

    
 
   

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

   

SPEAKERS FORUM
presents

    
      

- Comedian
- Slat ol lasl year’s

outdoor show

 

$1.00 w/lax
$2.00 w/o

lllE BUSES Vllll BE
PROVIDED

FREE!!!
if” OCT 9

  
 

 

 

l litltel per lax card
6 tickets per person

 
   
  
  
 
  
    
 
 
 
  
 
  

 

  

CHRIf RUng

 
  

Flrsl day ticket sales lax card holders only

8.00 PM
  (part of Draper)

lickels go on sale lhuts. Sepl. 30 in CC 332. ' “"d
lidth sales beginning Oct. 1 will more to SA Contact
Ofﬁce and at the door it still loll.

Tickets:

lW

 

 

 

/llIltlt‘lI lu- .l'ltl(lt‘lll association lN

lIVTIll a! patron

University Concert Board
presents

'i' JOEL

with

Deadly night/bode

the Palace Theatre
Friday, October 15 '

at 8:00 p.m.

3.50 w/S.A. Tax Cord

5.50 for General Public

Tickets will go on sale Wodnosdoy,5¢pt.22ot OIOOtht.
in the Off Campus lounge

Tickets also available otJust A Songl the Palace Theatre

starting on Friday Sept. 24

     

    
   
   
     
      
   
     
    
   
     
     
    

 

 

we, 3A.

 

 

 

 

  

1

 

   

SEPTEMBER 28. 1978

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE ELEVEN

  

    

