  
 
 
   
  
 
   
  
  
 

 
 
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
 

 

.-~,—\..._.\A..‘,—c..‘ “agenda A.M.-m. w .

cum” ._. - .,—_..‘ A

 

 
 
  
   
     
     
     
   
   
    
    
   
 
 
    

 

Secretary ol Slate Henry Kissinger came to Al
display his diplomatic talents. “Lepvrork Is the key.
you don't keep trevelllngthe whol
side to side. constantly keeping In control.

. = “buta-

 

 

  

beny recimty to discuss and
” he explained, “because it
a situation may lose its balance. You golrom
until everything begins to ﬂow."

Kissinger showed low signs of wear-

and-tear as he gave examples. “I really
have amazing agility." he added. “and it's possible because I keep moving.
staying in shape. And remember. It people are impressed by the way you carry

yourssll. It can make all the difference."

one Basket Weavers Sew Up Union Jacks

by Gray Mike

The Albany Great l’anes
hasketweaving. uh. basketball team
outscored the Union Jacks 70 to 7|
in the third period to crack t he Jacks
54-53 at University James Tuesday
night. Bob Video. in his finest per-
formance as a l’ztne. scored 43 points
in the ﬁnal two minutes ofthe game
and ended up its-“hello” scorer with
l2.

Coach Hickory Diekory “Doc”
Sourpuss. in his 98th year as head
coach. had nothing but praise for
Video. What was Video goingto get
for his tremendous performance?
"Nrithipg but praise.” explained
Sourpuss.

As the game hagan. Union s'truck
quicklyeaafter the laboring l'ancs
had growledto a l5-3 lead. Withthe
l’anes' fast brake working well
(thanks to Beary Carnivore gobbling
up the rebounds). the l’anes almost
tan away with it. But Union Coach
(i. Meany ordered a full-scale
walkout to stop the l'anes.

lt Worked. and with US. Grant
leading the attack (the Damn
Yankee). Union caught the Panes.
A. Lincoln. whose address is Get-
tysburg.‘ freed Union from its
shackles by garnering four scores
and seven years to put Union ahead
25-20. Lincoln. who is reportcdto be
overdue on his mortgage payments,
kept muttering. “A house divided
agalnsl itself cannot stand.” He
couldn't stand either. as he tripped
over his own feet twice in three

seconds.

But Winston “Tastes Good” Roil
brought the Panes back when he lit
up the Jim and smoked in three
quick buckets. Vic “Julius” Caesar
then kept Albany on top when he
reeled off IOpointsin arow. “I came.
I saw. I conquered." said Caesar
after the game. But the Jacks. most
of whom weren‘t playing with full
decks. were not led by Bill“General“
Sherman. Sherman was quite a
spark and seemed to light a tire un-
der the Union forces. At halftime.
Union led by a wide 37-36 margin.

Mike Super-sonowicl. then open-

Swimmers

by ”Crazy" Mike

The Albany varsity swim team. in
its last gasp ofthe season. took a dive
but saw Niagara fall to them.
anyway. 5I-4‘). at Adversity I’ool.
Monday.

Albany chumped out to an early
lead and ﬂoated the rest of the way as
Niagara kept falling

Steve iirookfindcr of Albany and
Ebbie Ebb of Niagara swam aWay
with team honors. “I'm afraid we got
the trophies wet doing that." said
Steve. llrooki'tnder won three events
and ended up with Ebb~tied.

In the 50 yard freestyle. Paul
Marshy won easily in a time of 24.9
minutes. “i felt like] bad cement in
my boots," he said. He didvhe took
the starting blocks with him. But

ed the second half by launching
himself from the foul line and con-
necting on a ﬂying bucket to bring
the Panes soaring back. “I‘m Mike.
ﬂy me." he was reported to have said.

Grant kept the Union forccsinthe
game with his frontal attacks before
they ﬁnally fell at the hands of Video
in the final minutes. “Did you see
Video?“ the Jacks kept asking after
the game. “I'd like to see Video
taped.“ said a blue Meany after the
game.

The only two incidents worthy of
note. however. occurred early inthe

third half. With Cryin'“Ma" Barker
and Caesar scrambling for a loose
ball. both landed on top of U.
"Suck" Grant. causing a minor con-
cussion on the anal portion of his
body. Grant finished the game but
complained of “Panes in his ass."

ln retaliation. B. Rutus of the
Jacks attacked Caesar with a knife
proclaiming. “i come to bury
Caesar. not to praise him!" No in—
juries were reported. but B. Rutus
and his men later got “killed” playing
at Pbillippi. a neutral court.

The i’ancs. who began the season

winning their first twelve games.
finished at I3i/z-l3'A markingthc 2.-
94.1rd consecutive year Sourpuss has
posted a non-losing season.

The Union victory left the Panes
with a 243% record in the League of
Outelasscd Ninny Yellowbellics
and an automatic post-season bid to
the Toilet Bowl. pitting the worst
teams in the countryaguinst each]
other.

Coaclt Sourpuss was optimistic of
the teams" chances this year. “We
played like shit so i think we can win
this year‘s Toilet Bowl." he flushed.

Leave Niagara By The Wayside

why did he only enter the freestyle?
“It‘s the only one I can afford." he
said.

Then Albany‘s Mitch Scubtn' cap-
tured the tilt) yard butterﬂy and
retorted. “WOWll I'm sending this
baby to the Smithsonian!“

For Niagara. in the women‘s divi-
sion. lrna Dope did the breaststroke
in record time: I:57.4. “That felt so
good.“ she remarked. “Now. I‘m
ready to go swimming!"

In the medley relay. Albany won
tothetune of“Moon River". sung by
Mark Spitz. and Weeky Watchce
Mermaids. .

Albany's coed relay team of Bob
and Carol and Ted and Alice cruised
past Niagara‘s quartet of Crosby.
Stills. Nash. and Young. “This race

was almost as much fun as a water
bed." said Bob and Carol. Ted and
Alice. . .or wasit Bob and Ted. . .
or Carol. , .‘l

Anyway. Albany came away with
the victory. Joe Bismark. Niagara's
big threat in the torpedo dive. prov-
ed to be a big disappointment. After
losing every race. he almost drowned
itt his own tears. (It was all he could
do to swim out of that!)

“I hate to say it. “said Albany
coach Ron Wet. “but we sure sunk
Bismark. And Niagara is all washed
up." (Upon hearing this.‘Niagara
coach Al Washtup retorted. “Ron
2hr Wet. but mainly behing the
carts“)

“Overall.” said Wet. “it met a little
rough around the edges.” Thetesm's

performance‘! “No.” said Wet. “the
damn swimming pool, We kept
scraping our knees!“

In the dives. Albany took quite a
few of 'cm! So tnuch so. that it look-
ed like they were trying to shave
points. “Only our legs." corrected
the women. “Speak for yourselves."
answered Mrs. Dope (who weighs
540 pounds sopping wet—— and 562
completely dry). Dope. incidentally.
won the torpedo dive— in fact. she‘s
still on her way down!

With the win. Albany managed to
keep its head above water in the
SWANY conference. They are even

' considering not singing their theme

song anymore: “Way DoWn Among
the SWANY Conference. . . "

 

But .M-l'm'al, Vssential difference
betwee 4+2, ndranyothe'r dorm begins
with the members, of 4+2 themselves. 4+2
people are‘in generalfriendlier. easier to
meet. more outgoing and more in-
' novative than most of the students here at
Albany. This isn't because they are in-
nater uninhibited or because we select
elite types, b at because the dorm at-
mosphere encourages such
characteristics. People are expected to
help one another. to be friendly and to
have respectf or others, and the majority
of people in 4+2 fulfillthese expectations.

 
 

Quiet people have a tendency to get
louder; loud people tend to quiet down.
Noncommitted people learn to commit
themselves. This is because each person
has a responsibility to himself and to the
dorm. There are additional respon-
sibilities placed upon all dorm members.
'such as an evening or two working in the
Bagel Shop. Yes. there are serious sides to
4+2, also: discussions of philosophy at
lunch and dinner, elevated meditation in

which are relevant tothe whole of modern
American society—the price of a plain
bagel versus a bagel with cream cheese.
the answers to last week‘s Chem test and
the best date for Dippikill.

4+2 people are dedicated. but they
aren't fanatics about committees and
commitments and Bagel Shop.
Membership doesn't require certain at-
titudes towards sex. drugs. politics and
scholarship. One of the prime dictates of
4+2 membership is variety; we want to
allow each individual to open out into his
own person. We believe in putting per-
sonality back into the pillars.

Consider the construction of the pre-
sent 4+2z we have a weather forecaster.
two tapdancers. several opera singers.
some folk singers. and some instrumen-
talists. We have scientists. nurses. foot-
ball players. aetors. journalists. jocks.
jockettcs. politicians. mathematicians.
accountants. and dcmogogues. There is
Zanne the Governcss. Barbara the Bagel
Queen. the Wild-eyed Olympic Knitter‘s

 

the Third Floor Lounge and intellectual '| gum. Tweets Cobcuybuuon‘ Lady
exercise in the ngpong Room. Townc Pickle. Nimrod the Mighty Hunter. and
Meetings are often concerned with topics The Nebbish.

xperimen

On the first floor. there is a guy who
drinks strange things out of an
Erlenmeyer ﬂask; his suitcmate runs a
harem. On the second ﬂoor. there is a guy
who walks walls. and onthethird. there is
a Sage and Prophet. We even have our
own small (and rapidly shrinking)
nunnery. ruled by Sister Mary General
and her Black-Leather Persuasion Corps.
There are anarchists. atheists. Orthodox
Jews. and conservatives, These people are
all very dissimilar. yet they have learned
to get along with each other and even to
become close friends. There is no rigidity
according to suite number or lloor level.
as there is in most dorms.

Docs 4+2 achieve its goals? To a large
extent. this is a tnnttct of opinion. lfthc
goal of 4+) is the creation of a miniature
political or social experiment and little
more. the answer may he no. if. however.
the goal of 4+2 is personal growth into
oneself and into a more realistic society.
the answer may be Vl’t‘s. in my own opi-
nion. the latter is correct.

['0 me. 4+2 is'a hallway house between
sanity and civilization. For most
members of 4+2. the goals ate less dis~
tinet; they combine both alternatives.
When asked whether they believed that

story by daoid wade

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

...,_..._........-».. Mm ...:mw.miha-....t.um=p......,....m~-.a ~

 

  
  
   

4+2 was working. a fair cross-section of
the dorm answered .l‘l‘.l'»—bui with reser-
vations. Most people in 4+2thinkthat the
concept is fine and the present course of
dorm satisfactory. but that we need to
work harder towards fulfilling our goals.
The very cxistance of such a widespread
feeling shows that the concepts are
working 7 there is Concern. Community.
Cooperation. Communication
Relevance but we need more Respon—
sibility.

One of the best ways to ensure con-
tinuing advance is the acquisition of new
energy and new ideas. as well as greater
dedication. We are looking for that new
energy now we hope to find it among
our fellow students. Perhaps one day all
our dorms will be like 4+2 governing
ourselves for ourselves. united by com-
mon bonds of concern and res ponsi hility.
For the moment. howuvcr. this is still an
experimental cottccpt— and we need all
the help we catt get. For those of you who
are interested in joining our company.
there will be interest meetings soon on
each quad. Attendance of these meetings
isn‘t mandatory. but it is highly
recommended. Those who miss the
meetings but are still interested may call
Wayne at 7-5l()6 or Zanne at 7-5094.

photos by mark sass

J

PAGE 5A

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
  
  

 

 

 

t
t

 

