 

 

:al oftnoney.

3 MOR iiisn'expenn've ‘

nninlour university costs

Consider else services."Those “No
Do Allowed” st kers posted on most cam-

_ Dorm room desks, beds, lamps. accordian

closet doors, curtains and mirrors are
scheduledfor sale to the state. The report
justifies this move. claiming that it allows for
an l‘innovative'new life style for students. une-
qualed by any other universit yin the country".

7 The powerplant will cut off elentricity at
dusk as part of an energy saving “Lights out"

« .policy. This policy also prohibits the use of

- Faced With mounting ﬁscal deﬁcits. top
level administrators spent the summer'devis-
ing ways to sla'sh university expenditures. We
have obtained a copy of their report. outlining
the proposed cuts: -

‘Discarded copies of the NY Times will be
recycled, replacing all dorm toilet paper. The
report cites potential plumbing difﬁculties.
and cautions that The Daily News. Times-
Union, Knickerbocker News “may not be fit to
wipe with."

‘ A drastic reduction inthe number of books
on ﬁle in the library is planned. Both books
will beavailable at the library's new location. a
phone booth on the ﬁrst ﬂoor of the Campus
Center. '

’ The elimination of the English, French.
Biology. Political Science, Chemistry.
History. and Math departments by Decent her.
will enable several buildings to be sold to the

‘Hyatt House. Astrology maps. posted in the

Campus Center will replace the Astronomy
department.

‘ University Police ofﬁcers are to be issued
bicycles and dog sleds. rather than late model
cars. As a further fuel saving measure. emis-
sion control devices will be installed on all go-
carts in the tunnels.

running water between midnight and noon. ‘

Ports-Sans are planned for the‘uptown quads.
and O‘Heaneys has agreed to provide for the
relief of Alumni Quad residents.

‘ Pan of the university‘s “Mission” calls for
“a new cooperative spirit of closeness and per-
sonal communication“. However, the exact
date of removal of all off ice telephones has not
yet been set.

' Those familiar green SUNY buses will be
auctioned off. A Rickshaw work-study
program is in the making.

Several instructors have. expressed dis~
satisfaction with the planned cuts, especially
the proposed Lecture Center Ampliﬁcation
System. One professor in the Spanish depart-
ment told us that “those yellow cardboard
bullhorns just won't do the trick". A psy-
chology professor. visibly upset by the entire
mattcr. recently attempted suicide.

Members of the student government are
also reacting strongly. According to one S.A.
spokesman. “We're not going to let them get
away with this shit. We‘re going to make a
show of strength and flex our muscles!"

A muscle-ﬂexing rally will be held on the
podium next Tuesday. Short sleeve shirts are
recommended.

 

Quote of the Day:

There is much still to be done. of course, and uppermost in my mind is the need to
press the redefinition of campus mission into concrete and explicit form.

—Presldcnt Emmett Fields.
addressing SUN YA faculty

 

 

 

Emma in mm

MASTHEAD STAFF

gas at

ES

STEPHEN thNANxA
SPENCER RAooto

 

MANAGING mm:-
News eotrnl

PaooucrIoN mm"-

AssoctAn raonocrwN MANAoras
EolroaIAt. errs Intro-5...;
Ans It nAruars entrails...

Swans IDITOI ‘
A

MAN Are-e

ASSOCIATI ADVIITISING MANAGER
(‘I "n MANAr‘lIK

Iusmgss MANAFII

Preview: Nancy Emerson \
Bill/nit accountant Carol Cotrlss

Head typist: Leslie Eisenstein

Administrative assistant: Mike Forbes

 

PAGE FOURTEEN

AssocrAn news :olroas  HERZHERG. CVNTIIIA llActNu

AJ’. and Zodiac News manager: Matthew Kaufman
Suﬁ writers: Paul Rosenthal. Susan Miller. Bryan llolzberg

Composition managers: Ellen Boisen. Patrick McGlynn

Production.- Janet Adler. Marc Arkind. Karen Cooper. Joan Ellsworth. Judi Heitner. Vicki
Kurtzman. Michele Lipton. Debbie Rieger, Joan Silverblatt, Laurie Studwell. Stu Vincent

Advertising production: Joyce Helm. Kelly Kita, Meg Roland. Anne Wren
Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year except
holidays. Editorial policy it the respomlblllty of the Editor in Chief and sub/est to review by the
Masthead 5140'. Main off/lee: CCJlenelephone: 457-8892. Address mall to.‘ Albany Student

Press. C6329. 1400 Washington Avenue. Albany, N l’ I2222.

DAVID WINZELHERO

LOUISE MAaxs
.................... ..ELLEN FINE. PntL MoLrart
HlLl.AltY KuLtIch. Joyce FcIoanAUM
...NAoMI FstuoLANosa. STEPHEN EISENMAN

MlCllAEl. PIEKARSKI
LISA Btttho. DANIEL GAINt-s

RIIAN CAIIILI.
lwvr MEUNIER. KArnv LAM
Mm ARDEN

 

made if one only tried a little. . _

But. i missed n‘typld, secure friendships I
had left behind at home. Somehow my new
friendships seemed somewhat shallow: depth

is built up only withtirne. l felt a need to be like _

everyone else. to be normal and accepted.
Afraid to stand up against society‘s norms, I
hid my homosexuality. After all, no one
would be my friend or remain myfriend if they
knew I was a . . . (gasp!) . . . “faggot”. I
felt ridiculous having expected an open-
minded atmosphere where a person was allow-
ed to do as he pleased providing no one was
harmed.

Yet, there I was. a gay. harmless. but asham-
ed. incoming freshman. who was also
frustrated after I8 years without a homosex-
ual encounter. ljust kind ofrcsigned myselfto
the idea of dying a virgin.

I dreamt of meeting other guys. but was
afraid of losing my friends. I had these horri-
ble illusions of my parents disowning me, my
brothers cursing me, my friends ignoring me
and general crowds pointing an accusing
finger and whispering, “I think he's one of
those." I pretended to chase girls and mocked
gays as being sick. in an attempt to be like
everyone else.

Finally 'one friendship gained some depth
and I learned to open up more than ever
before. 1 stopped pretending to believe gays
were depraved. As we learned to confide in
each other more and more. I made up my mind
to tell my friend my deepest secret. I told him
that l was attracted to men instead of women.

.......  U

by William Heller

Well. here l am on the buck steps of the
capitol. There are lot's of people here to get
pictures taken with their congressmen. It must
he Nebraska Day or something. Hundreds of
high sehoolers. each wearing a nameplate in
the shape of Nebraska. have been lining up to
have their pictures taken with a man in a light
brown suit and a blue and brown striped .tnd
spotted tie. He must betlte congressman from
Nebraska.

As the Nebraskans are lining up. Mickey
the photographer. who seems a veteran of
many weddings and bar mitzvahs. quickly gels
in a couple ofshots offamilies along with their
congressman.

“Pretend you're talking to them." Mickey
tells the congressman. Hc snaps the shot. A
group of senior citizens line up on the steps
with their congressman. “Say money.“ says
Mickey.

"Money!" repeats the group. A few laugh.

The Nebraskttn high sehoolers are up next.
"Nebraska." says Mickey.

' "Nebraska!" shout back the kids. with the
enthusiasm of a high scltool pep rally.

The next group is up. “Nebraska.” intones
the photographer.

"Nebraska" they chant back.

On the front ofthe steps three Eagle Scouts
pose with their representative from Virgina. A
troop of Girl Scouts walks by. Another con-
gressman in it grey suit combs his artificially
blackened grey hair as he poses with some con-
stituents. Another family poses with its
representative.

"Money." Mickey the photographer calls
out again.

"Money?" one of the visitors
rhetorically. “Why not cheese?"

With It quick comeback. Mickey replies. “in
Washington all we say is money."

Senator Curtis from Nebraska comes out
dressed in a light blue and white checked suit

asks

and white patent leather shoes to greet and'

take pictures with the high schoolers. Some of
the kids are eighteen years old; at least most of
them will be in a couple of years. Charles Cur-
tis is probably one of the more conservative
men in the Senate. He reportedly was one of
the handful of senators who were still pro-
Nixon evon after the release of the “smoking

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

ncle Sam U

I as also’gay. Luckily my
gay crowds before and

i could introduce ‘me o'other, gays.
Ina Friends could  ,

This was. of course; an ideal way to “come

7 out" and very few people have been so lucky.

Yet. with a little initiative anyone can meet
gays. There are always gay bars. gay dances
are held on campus occasionally, and gay
alliance meetings every week. (Every Tuesday
at 9:00 pm. in the Patroon Lounge.)

Through my friend and my own experiences
I‘ve learned that my previously mentioned it-
lusions werejust that: illusions. I could be dis-
creet about being gay. and if I did not want
anyone to know. I did not tell them and they
did not find out. .

After a short while I wanted to share my ex-
periences with my friends in the dormitory. I
felt fairly confident approaching my best
friends and found that by opening up and con-
fidir'tg in them our friendships deepened and
were more satisfying.

Sometimes I would run into a vehement
anti-gay “friend” who would stop associating
with me. but the depth in my other friendships
more than made up for these losses.

By the end of the year. i chose not to hide
my sexual preference front anyone in school.
If a friend chose to ignore me or harass ntc
simply because of whom I chose as a sexual
partner. I figured i had not lost much of a
friend. lmcrely had to face the reality ofsontc
shallow friendships.

This is the beginning ofmysophomore year.
and looking back I regret nothing. This ycarl
feel confident enough to write an essay of my
“coming out“. to have that essay placed in the
student newspaper. and even to sign my real
name to n.

Noni-.-

pistol“ .lune 23 tape which forced the
President‘s resignation. After the pictures. the
kids give Senator Curtis a rousing ovation.
Who says that young people itt America today
have no respect for their government?

Wow. Uncle Sam is walking up the steps,
Yes. a man dressed in red and white striped
pants. blue tails. top hat and the rest of the
regaliu is walking up the steps. llc's holdingttn
NBC shoulder bag in his hand. Uncle Sam
poses with a group of kids from Illinois.

“Whiskey.” yells Miekeythe photographer.

"Tequila." yells back a student sitting at the
edge of the group and wearing shiny mirrored
sunglasses.

Mickey asks Uncle Sam if he‘s a local,

"No." he replies. "I'm from down in
Louisiana  .lusI then a congrcssnnin from
Louisiana happens to walk by. MleL’)’
tells Uncle Sam that he‘s good friends witlt the
local Uncle Sam on Capitol Hill.

"()h.“ says Sum. “l'm not infringing on his
territory or anything‘! 'l'herc‘s no union. is
there?"

Imagine. an Uncle Sam union. Funnything;
Unclc Stun issucha prominentsymbul forthis
country. yet there seems to be no female
counterpart. Some might argue Miss Liberty.
of statue lame: but l don't see any Miss Liberty
or even Ms. Liberty walking around the
Capitol. An We certainly never heard of a
Statue of Liberty Union. My guess is that the
female counterpart to Uncle Sam. at least here
at the Capitol. is Elizabeth Ray. 1 sure see lots
of Elizabeth Ray types walking around here.

The Nebraskan high schoolers are now
across the street. but their presence is still felt
as they break into song. led by who else. but
their congressman. 1 can‘t make out the lyrics
too well. but l suppose that they're singing
either their high school ulma matter or the
Nebraska National Anthem.

In front of me a woman who appears to be
some kind of lobbyist is talking with her
representative from Youngstown. Ohio. He is
an old man. his hair completely grey. He has
on a navy blue pinstriped suit. Overall. he is
pretty distinguished looking. His fly is open.

The leader of a visiting group asks Mickey
the photographer if he can take their picture
because they‘ve been waiting for It

continued on page ﬁfteen

SEPTEMBER 3, 1976

 

, edilori

 

job hunting

  too expensive

’l‘otbt Elliot:

Enclosed is a copy of a letter which I have
written to Mr. Clinton Roberts, Director of
the Placement Service, in protest against the
levying of fees for the use of the Service. It was
announced that these fees would begin in force
on June lst; perhaps there is still time to
launch a campaign or begin an investigation

* on behalf of the users and potential users of

the Placement Service.

Dear Mr. Roberts.-

Your letter, received today. which informs
all registrants at the Placement Service of a
one dollar fee to be levied for each
“credential reproduction and/or mailing.“
prompts this ﬁrm protest.

First of all. the reason why most graduates
register with the SUNYA Placement Service is
that we cannot afford to register with a cont-
mercial service. Within the past year alone.
many of us have had to apply for hundreds of
jobs. and many of us are still applying forjobs.
You know, I am sure. how difﬁcult it is for us
to ﬁnd even an interim job to pay the rent. let
alone ﬁnd the job of our dreams. the one we
went to school to prepare for; how are we ex-
pected to ﬁnd a job which will pay the hun-
dreds of extra dollars we will need if we are to
afford the luxury of trying to ﬁnd work?

Secondly, although it is sad to hear of “in-
creasing costs and diminishing resources". I
wish to bring upthe subject of wasted postage.
An example will sufﬁce to make the point:
having been fortunate enough to be hired in
late January, I sent the Placement Service
notice on chruary 4th that l no longer re-
quired its computer “lead” mailings.
Neverthless. they arrive at my address nearly
every day, at tile per item. Had the Placement
Service put me in "inactive" status as soon as it
was informed. it would have saved at least fifty
dollars ($50.00) to date on my service alone.
How much has such negligence contributed to
“increasing costs and diminishing resources?"

Assuming that potential. as well as current.
registrants at the Placement Service Would
wish to know of these fees, I am fowarding
copies ofthis lcttertothc Alumni Association.
Perhaps it is not too late to discuss a com-
promise which would serve the interests of
both the University and its unemployed
progeny.

Sincerely yours.
Toni Risoli

continued/rum page fourteen

PhOlogl'aphcr assigned to their Democratic
Representative. He politely declines. explain-
"lztnat his Republican boss would give him
hell for it.

he continues taking group pictures. ldaho.
Wisconsin. . .

"Money." he yells.

“Money.” they ycll back.

:‘Tell them to say Agnew." l SUEKCSL
‘Morc money." he yells.

an l-—'l; Give me a 0—D; Gil/e "‘3 “n A“

ha. . .What do we have? ldahol What do We

d W? ldahol What do we have? ldahol What

tape represent? Potatoes. . ." Now. I mink

Id hit is the congressmen and senators from
II 0 who represent potatoes.

The kid: from Arkansas begin an enviable
R08 call. Su. . weel Su. . .weel Arkansas!
.uorbacksl Su. . weel”

This went on for a few minutes.

 

"Well" I asked "Where are the h0 m
u ' ' 
Back in Arkansas." someone told mc~

returning to
returnables

To the Edltor:

Returning to returnables on campus is a
positive step that the university community
can take in response to the rising concern
about conservation of energy and other
resources. A pilot project now in progress on
State Quad will determine if conversion to a
returnable system campus-wide would be both
feasible and welcomed by students.

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agen-
cy and the N.Y.S. Senate Task Force on
Critical Problems report that a returnable
system would beneﬁt the nation and the state.
in addition to saving more than half the
energy saved by reducing the speed limit to 55
mph. a returnable system would provide con-
siderable savings of steel. glass. and
aluminum. reducethe amount of air and water
pollution created by beverage container
manufacturing, and increase employment. A
considerable reductioninlitterand solid waste
could also be realized —— even on campus,
where 640.000 containers of soda are con-
sumed each year.

The pilot project now on State Quad
enables us to lay the ground work for a much
broader system of substantial environmental
impact with little inconvenience to ourselves.
If the project is successful it could provide a
model for county and state legislation.

There is a vast number of social and en-
vironmental problems that must be dealt with.
If we students. who are conscious and aware
of these concerns. cannot deal effectively with
this one. what hope have we of solving the
much larger problems facing us in the future?
During summer orientation. incoming
freshmen and transfers proved that the “retur-
ning to returnables" project could work. We
are now certain that it can work in the fall with
your cooperation.

Thank you

Kevin Kovacs

NYl’lR(i Chairperson
Marsha Seidelman

NYl’lRG Project Coordinator

 

Tllt' Albany Student Press welcomes your
letters. Please submit all letters
'I'l’l’lz'll’Rl'IT'IiN to Albany Student Press.
('C' 129. I400 Washington Ave. The ASP
rt‘.lt'r\‘t'.l‘ the right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Unsigned letters will not be published.

 

 

one BTOUP begins a rousingcheer. "Give me-

Nantes will be held upon request.

Uncle Sam

'l’httt's strange. 1 had always thought they
were Inside.

Another group of senior citizens (actually
they'rcjust plain old folk) is piling out ofthcir
touring hus. Up the steps they go to pose for
their picture. The leaders of this group have
thick (icrmanaccents. This leads me to believe
a couple of possibilities. They are either
friends of Henry Kissinger ofthey are visitors
from Germany. The lattersecmsto be a more
plausible explanation. since Kissinger is not
with them. and there is no Representative out
on the steps to pose with them. Ccrtainlythere
is no Congressman from Germany in the
House of Representatives. Maybe they're a
group of f ormer Nazis and their wives visiting
America for the Bicentennial. Anyway.
Douglas MacArthur‘s old adage still holds.
“Old Nazis don't die. They just end up on
Cnpitol Hill."

The crowd has thinned somewhat as it‘s
drawing towards evening. As I watch an
Elizabeth Ray walk across to the Rayburn Of»
fice Building I notice a Capital Guard with lus
eyes hidden behind dark glasses turn his head
to follow the path of that Miss Liberty.

Bureaucratic Book Bungj-ej ~ 

To the guileful glutton for academic accomplishment it is pure trapdy. A trapdy '
that might even bring a tear to the eye of the chronic party prince or princess—the
literary who composes in one night a laconic term paper that should have been worked
on all semester: . ‘

The librarynaccoucheut' attending to the. birth of knowledge within students’
souls—is slamming its doors shut early nowadays. But fault not this giant concrete
courier of wisdom, for it does not act on its own accord. An evil has polluted the
academic ethics of this educational institution. A silent, intangible evil that slitlters
sinfully throughout the organizations that honorable men create. Bureaucracy. Red
tape. inefficiency. lnﬂexibility. I

It’s a new dance to an old tune. First the New York State Division of Budget slaps a
freeze on hiring. Then, through attrition. 33 positions in the libraryare vacated forcing
a reduction in service. Library Director James Schmidt requests the unfreezing of l9of
the 33 vacated positions. His request is approved by the SUNYA Classiﬁcation
Committee. Now the requt is at SUNY Central. Upon approval there; assumingthat
it is indeed approved. the request will be forwarded to the Division of Buth for New
York State. While the various divisions and committees and agencies play catch with
Schmidt's request, SUNYA students are faced with shortened library hours and. in
many instances. no reasonable place to study.

The university is taking steps on its own to remedy the situation by hiring student
teaching assistants with money allocated from a temporary spending fund. This effort
is certainlycommendable. but it shouldn't be necessary. Sure. there's a’freeze on hiring.
But SUNYA is in the business of education. Cutting down library hours is a step
towards the bankruptcy of that business. A substantial number of those frozen
positions must be thawed out by the state budget division immediately. This should be
a top priority.

The bureaucracy must serve the needs of the institution—not 

Weekend Is Coming

The Tuesday edition of the Albany Student Press will feature the debut of Weekend,
a new weekly feature that will bring you up to date on the latest concerts, movies and
plays about the town. If you didn't see it in ASPects, you’ll probably ﬁnd it in
Weekend.

 

500W AFHC‘AN 77ME

 

 

 

