who'ityas‘seekiiig .ew“
'_in ‘the ‘

[anything about it know: the cities
cannot smite without substantially
increased federal aid."

V'Ja'ekson has .won only one of six
primaries so far—in Massachusetts.
Former Georgia Gov. Jimmy
Carter; who has won the other ﬁve.
was in Wisconsin where he attacked
Secretary of State Henry A.
Kissinger. '

In Washington. meanwhile. Presi-
dent Ford's campaign aides were
taking a close look at the results of

the Tuesday voting in North‘

Carolina where former California
governor Ronald Reagan won his
ﬁrst primary of the campaign.

California.

CALIFORNIA (AP) California
policemen say the state's liberalized
marijuana law is leading to more pot
smoking. more smuggling. greater
trafﬁc hazards and an increase in
youthful offenders who wrongly
believe they are now immune from
arrest. ’

But many frustrated ofﬁcers echo
the sentiments of Fred Reese. chief
of ﬁeld operations in the Sacramen-
to County sheriff‘s ofﬁce:

“What the hell: if the legislature
doesn‘t think too much about it. why
should we?" .

The law. which took effect Jan 1.
reduced possession of marijuana
'from a felony to a misdemeanor.
Adults caught with an ounce or less
get a citation like atraffic ticket. with
a ﬁne of not more than SIOO. More
than an ounce may yield six months
injail and a $500 ﬁne.

Some overworked police
departments simply are not bother-
ing to enforce the law. Others only
cite misdemeanor offenders if they

federal aid to .' educatton. a full

employment program. a national

housing program and federal in-

surance of unicipal bonds.
Jackson's statement did not es-
timate how much his programs

' would cost 0 howthefederal money

Would be raisifd to pay forthem. His

_ aides were not immediately able to

furnish additibnal information. But
the Washingtpn senator said. “I
believe thesehprograms can be
financed by‘ rejuvenating the
American economy.”

In Milwaukee. Carter said
Kissinger‘s ref usal to speciﬁcally rule
out a U.S. invasion of Cuba if Cuban
troops become further-involved in
Africa "is thesort of thingthat ought
to be explainedto the American pet)
pie."

As Carter took the offensive in his
push for votes, Alabama Gov.
George C. Wallace spoke in
pessimistic tones of his own chances
for the nomination—but said he
plans to continue theﬁght. anyway.

Arizona Rep. Morris K. Udall

also spentihe‘, day in Wisconsin. ‘.
Former Oklahoma Sen. Fred‘Harris 

was in. New York. which sends more
than four times Wisconsin‘s 68
delegates tothe national convention.
‘ Candidates haVe two weeks to
prepare for the next primaries—
April 6 in New York and Wisconsin.
It is the ﬁrst break in what has beena
grinding schedule of weekly
primaries since New Hampshire‘s
election on Feb. 24.

Several‘ of the candidates.
however. campaigned at full-tilt
Wednesday. and there were other
signiﬁcant developments on the
political front: -

—A judge ordered local officials
to stop preparing for Michigan‘s
May l8 primary.

“The election is off." said Ingham
County Circuit Judge Ray
Hotchkiss as he ruled in a suit filed
by local ofﬁcials who claim they
shouldn’t have to pay forthe voting.

Hotehkiss said he would decide
within ﬁve days whether to make his
ruling permanent. His decision ap-
parently depends in part on whether
the legislature agrees to fund the
election.

Pot Law Problematic

are apprehended in connection with
a trafﬁc violation or a more serious
crime. A few still pursuc potheads
with zeal.

Ken Budman of the state Ofﬁce of
Narcotics and Drug Abuse says San
Francisco has blatantly “kissed off
marijuana.“ San Francisco Mayor
George Mosconc authored the bill
for reduced penalties when he was
still a state senator lttst year. and his
views on marijuana are obviously
reflected in the actions of his police
department..

The San Francisco Police Depart-
ncnt issued only i2 citations for
possession of the week in January.
compared to a monthly average of
l28 arrests for the same offense a
year ago.

“We haven‘t really targeted too
much on marijuana arrests.“ ttd-
mittcd Inspector Cecil Tharris oftlte
city's narcotic division. “We're try-
ing to crack down on hard drugs."

Los Angelcs Police Chief Edward
M. David. in noted anti-marijuana

Junkman Seeks Justice

IATAVIA. Ohio (AP) Junk dealer
John Coyne said he felt "depraved"
after serving six months injail for
refusing to move his World War II
tank. Now he‘s planning revenge.

Coyne. 32. was found guilty June
9. I975 of violatingthetownship zon-
ing ordinance by placingjunk onthe
4.7—acre property near his junk
yard. He cleared the junk items but
refused to remove the tank.

A county court ordered himjailed
until be either removed the tank or
somehow showed why he should not
be held in contempt.

Coyne's attorney ﬁnally got
Coyne released after successfully
arguing that the tank was notjunk
because it qualified as a collector's
vehicle under the state's antique car
law.

Now Coyne, prankish revenge on
his mind. says he will make a monu-
ment out of the Sherman
Liberator tank at Twelve Mile Road
and Ohio l32. And he has purchased
another tank for his collection'of l35
military items.

“I will drive iron the roads, insure
it. and l'mtakingit on maneuvers to
Batavia and ﬂaunt the authorities in

PAGE TWO

the courthouse."

Coyne. who operatesthe Boot Hill
Auto Graveyard, said he has been
feuding with the “political”—
judicial conspiracy" in Ohio
Township and Clermont County
since I963. “They have been out to
close me up because my business has
been sosuccessful. “I would liketo
sec zoning laws disappear from
America becauae they violate our
rights.“ said Coyne. who charged he
has beem the =victim of selective en-
forcement in a community where
property values have been rising
rapidly.

He served 100 days injail for con-
tempt in I963 for ﬁghting “Lady
Bird Johnson‘s” law in Ohio requir-
ingfencing forjunkyardsinaneffort
to beautify highways. He complied.
ﬁnally. building a fence out of
nulticolored. automobile hoods.
"Everything is beautiful in its own
way." he said.

Coyne said he was prepared this
time to remain in jail for life if need
be because "I had been pushed as far
as l was going to be. I lost tens of
thousands of dollars in business I
could haVe done while ﬁghting."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

crusader who once asked his city
council for a submarine to curb pot
smuggling. has publicly vowed to
continue maximum enforcement.
But he appears to be having some
difﬁculty persuading his men.

Their arrest and citation record
since the start of 1976 is running at
average of l.l00.

Davis says the new law will lead to
an increase in more serious crimes.
drastically increasing the burden on
his police force. Currently 85 per
cent of marijuana prosecutions in
the Los Angelcs area stem from
other crimes. he said.

The arrest ofjuveniles. who are
finding out the hard way that they
are not covered by the new law. has
doubled in some areas like Ventura
County. where 4| young persons
were arrested in January. compared
with 20 last October before the law
took effect.

“ltjust can‘t be a goodlaw. I don't
think people realize it doesn't affect
persons under l8." said Joseph
House. San Diego district director of
the California Narcotics Enforce-
ment Bureau. “We have noticed a
peer group trend. Kids l5 or 16 are
getting small amounts of marijuana.
perhaps a quarter-ounce. thinking
it‘s legal. This is a serious problem
because probably 35to40 per cent of
the people arrested with narcotics
and dangerous drugs are under [8."

Adult offenders are finding out
that a marijuana citation is not as
simple as a trafﬁc ticket. They can‘t
forfeit bail like trafﬁc violators and
must appear in court beforetheyt'an
pay the line.

“Thus there's no saving to law en-
l'orccment agencies in paperwork or
court time." says Sgt. Michael (iuy
of the LA PI) narcotics division.

“After eight years in narcotics
work. I personally believe our socie-
ty and our country if goingto live to
regret the changing penalties for
marijuana possession, Widespread
use has already resulted in a serious
traffic hazard. because stoned
drivers take more chances."

But no legally acceptable test has
been developed yet for doped-up
drivers. Prof. 8.5. Gross of UCLA's
Anatomy Department still has a year
to go in his experiments with blood
analyses for 'l'lfC content. the sub-
stance in cannabis that givesahigh.

Carter to campalgn In NewYorlt State

ROCHESTER. N.Y. (AP) Democratic presidential candidate Jimmy Carter
steps up his New York primary campaign Friday by makings onC-dtlyswlng
through Rochester and Buffalo. The former Georgia governor will begin
with a television interview show in Rochester Friday morning. followed by
meetings with Jewish leaders and with uncommitted delegate-candidates
running in the April 6 New York presidential primary. Later he will visit a
senior-citizen center and meet with community groups at a Rochester
church. followed by a walking tour of the city‘s downtown section.

South African Forces to Leave Angola

CA PE TOWN, South Afrch (AP) South Africa announced Thursday it will
withdraw all its forces from southern Angola by Saturday. thereby deﬁning
the possibility ofa clash with Cubantroops in the region. Defense Minister l’,
w. Botha said the withdrawal of between 3.000 and 5.0001r00ps guarding
the multimillion-dollar Cunenc River hydroelectric and irrigation project
was taking place following Angolan guarantees to protect South Atrictt'x
border interests. His statement conﬁrmed a government announcement otur
the Weekend that South African troops would get out of Angola otth the
government was convinced the guarantees would hold.

Britain Falls to Elect New Prime Minister

LONDON (AP) Britain‘s governing Labor party failed on 'l'hursdtty. its
expected. to elect a new prime minister on its ﬁrst ballot. lettoting
Employment Secretary Michael Foot got 90 votes. the most ill the initial poll.
but senior-political sources predicted the next prime minister will be .ltttncs
Callaghan. the middle-of-thc-road foreign secretary. who came in second
\tith 84 votes on the first ballot. The winner needs more than hull’thc I shot
votes in Parliament to win. There are 3l7 Laborites who can cast ballots tn
the House of Commons. but three Scottish nationalists wlto brolc nutty
fromthe party are abstaining. This meansthe winner necdsttt least l5ttot the
remaining 3l4 votes to get the prime ministership.

Military Junta Arrests Peron’s Aids

BUENOS AIRES ‘ gentlna (AP) Many of deposed l’rcsltlt‘lll l\llllt'l
Pcron‘s ministers and aides as well as political leaders and union unit-ml»
tvcrc rcponed ttndcr arrest Thursday as the military junta cottxoltdntcd
power. The 45-year-old Mrs. Peron. ousted early Wednesday inn bloodlco
coupaftcr 2| months in office. was said to be still held in a resort art-n ncntl)
1.000 miles from Buenos Aires. The junta. which did not stty how many
persons were under arrest. named one ofthose seized as Mrs. l’cron's prnrttc
secretary. Julio Gonzalez. considered the power behind the presidency. and
her main bodyguard.

Judges Sue Government for Pay Raise
WASHINGTON (AP) Thirty-seven federal jttdges joined 44 ot lllctr
colleagues today in a lawsuit against the government seeking higth Pit).
They added a new charge that the Senate illegally blocked a pit) ttttw for
them. The 44 judges who first ﬁled suit on Feb. II had claimed thctr
compensation was eroded by inﬂation and this violated a constitutional butt
against rcdttcing their pay. A U.S. District judge earns $42.00!) :1 you \
judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals makes 544.625. All XI judges chum thctr
compensation should have kept pace with a 34.5 per cent increase lll lllL'
consumer prtce index between March 15. I969. and Oct. |. I975.

U.S. Accuses Soviets of Bomb Threats

MOSCOW (AP) The United States accused Soviet officials llllll‘xtltt) <t|
organtztnga series ofthreateninglate-night telephone calls to U.S. I‘mbzmt
employes here and tr lunchtime bomb threat that sent embassy mutt-r»
sptlhng from their ofﬁces. State Department spokesman Robert l‘Illl\lll\illtl
in Washington. “Soviet authorities have apparently started down t llL' pnth til
'"chPOnsibility." by organizing a harassment campaign. He stud ptttlhl»
were lodged in Moscow and Washington. The United States mum-d that
such harrassment could jeopardize American-Soviet relations. .tltt-.nl.\
strained following Soviet intervention in Angola.

Health Ottlclals to Give Flu Shots

WASHINGTON (AP) Government health officials conceded llllll\tl.l\ Ill-ll
the SIM million campaign to give ﬂu shots to almost every AlllCllL'dll nc\l
fall is  gamble. but they argued that it is safer to risk dollars that human hm
lhcre  no way to be absolutely certain that the swine ﬂu virus. \\ luch Ltllcd
20 mtllton persons worldwide in a l9l8-l9 epidemic and tltctt Izty dot munl
“Um” ha" 1‘ “'"Wryt will become the next global influen/u eptdcttttc. the)
hind. But ifthat does occur next fall and winter. and noadmncc pl'CPtl’M'm' ‘
are made. there wouldn't be enough time to produce vaccine to llllllllllll/L’
everyone, they said.

Bowie Pleads Innocent to Pot Charges

Rounswnt N'Vv (AP) British rock star David Bowie pleaded mnoccnt
‘0 Charges of possession of marijuana Thursday in u courlruutnjttmmed utlh
uhnu',20m‘lw"1““’r5-manl’ofthcm women fans. With an assist front n sttl‘t'd
Of Pimccmc" “"d his compunions. Bowie entered the buildingttttd was tutrn
'0 City Court. There he listened as Judge Alphonse L. Cussetti read to In!"
“"5 charges that Bowie and three companions had l82grums. or tlllllttsl u hnll‘
puund’ "r muruuuni i" "w" Pit-“session when State Police arrested lllctll Ill :t
"mm “' “"3 Flaw!!!) Americana Hotel early last Sunday.

MARCH 26, 1976

 

.byEtiMoaer'

Jeremy Rifkin. co-founderiof'the

;. People's Bicentennial Commission
' praised the revolutionary qualities of
‘ - America in l776. He called for a se-

lrupforbcro

Co-loundar ot the People's Bicentennial Commission Jeremy Bllkln
called tor a second American revolution while speaking Tuesday.

Carter’s Wife Here to Cut
Ribbon on Headquarters

by Richie Mermelstein

Presidential hopeful Jimmy
Carter‘s wife Rosalynn ofﬁcially
opened the Capitol District Carter
Campaign Headquarters at 292 Lark
st rcct last Tuesday.

Standing in front of a larger titan
life sized poster of her husband. Mrs.
Carter cut the green ribbon before
fielding questions concerning the
campaign and correctly predicting a
victory in Tuesday‘s North Carolina
primary.

The headquarters. according to,
local Carter campaign director Jim
Unger. is being set upin conjunction
with the April 6 New York primary.
and will close down the following

day. Their focus is the 28th and 29th
districts. which contain five
delegates each.

“There are 39 congressional dis-
tricts in New York." Unger explain-
ed. “We are entered in 30 of them."
Morris Udall and Henry Jackson are
both listed on more slates than
Carter.ln the areas where all three
have slates, Unger expects Carter to
win.

Unger said that Carter tentatively
plans to spend four days cam—
paigningin New York. although the
formerGeorgia governor must also
concentrate on the Wisconsin
primary. which takes place the same
day.

eond. economic revolution to
overthrow the corporate structure in
favor of a business management run
by working people.

Rifkin tried to show how con-
ditions in revolutionary America
parallel those of today. Termingthe
British East India Company as the
“first greatmulti-national company.“

.Rifkin said it received subsidies from

Parliament which resulted in the
famous tax on colonial tea.

He quoted GeorgelWashington as
saying that inflation was caused by
monopolizers who should be hung
on gallows in each state. He also
compared the great unemployment
and lack of faith in higher authorities
of the colonied to America's present
situation. Rifkin felt colonial reac-
tion to these problems was justly
radical.

Giant Corporation

“Today‘s monarch." said Rifkin.
“is the giant corporation." The
speaker cited Chamber of Com-
merce statistics that 200 global cor-

porations will in future years control I
the bulk of .‘the world's Wealth, and"
then asked “Can anyone here name
me the heads of four of those cor-
porations. . .of three. . .oftwa?"
Getting small response. Rifkin said
“these nameless, faceless men . . .
are virtually running our lives. and
we don't even know who they are.“

Rifkin blamed the present ﬁscal
problems of American cities on “un-
patriotic“ corporations. which he
said transfer their equipment and
capital from America to businesses
in foreign coumries."

Rifkin‘s solution is to “apply
democratic principles to economics”
by having “people elect their own
management and determine income
and salaries themselves."

He continued. “Basic industries
like utilities would be in public
hands. but the US government
would buy up corporation assets and
lease them back to individual
citizens, who would have control."

Rifkin cited a study by the Peter
Hart research system. He predicted
that growing unrest would result in a
revolution within the next ten years.
According to Rifkin. the Hart poll
has 66 per cent of the American

cent' supporting contain 1
board of every corporation." "
Persuasive Proof

An impressivearray of statilti
historical references and anecdotes
were used to interest the audience.
To illustrate the apathy or fence-
sitting which he feels plagues
America. Rifkin described himself
recently watching a news program
showing 700 college students oc-
cupying an administration building.
At ﬁrst heartened by what he
thought was a ﬂashback of 60‘s
radicalism. Rif kin was disappointed
when he found out that the students
were actually waitingforthe General
Motors recruiter.

Rifkin stressed that the solutions
which he had outlined were merely
tentative. He said'uny real answer
would have to be worked out in a
future. democratic. historical
process of all the people.

Rifkin concluded the program by
asking audience members to attend
the signing of a “new Declaration of
Economic Independence" in
Washington DC this July 4.

Daytona. Attracts Vacationers

Daytona Beach has replaced Fort
Lauderdale as American college
students‘ favorite Florida vacation
spot. according to a survey com-
missioned by Playboy Enterprises.

The report states that 4i percent
of students surveyed chose Daytona
as the place to stay furingtheir vaca-
tion breaks this year. Fort Lauder-
dttle was the favorite of 26 percent.
while Miami Beach was chosen by
only l2 percent of the students.

Students from fifteen universities
were questioned. including SUNYA
students. Other northeastern schools

Campus Crime Rate Increases

by David Winzelberg

University Police report a campus
crime rate increase of 37 per cent last
month. compared with February.
I975.

According to the University
Police‘s monthly statistical report.
the value of property stolen on cam-
pus this February is up 62 per cent
over the same month last year. The
NH criminal offenses last month
resulted in stolen property valued at
$9.267.

Special details of officers “to make
arrests and prevettt the university's
counterpart to urban street crime“
have been formed. the police report.
In the library. these officers have
been setting up decoy. unattended
purses and walletsto trupthieves. ac-
cording to the monthly report. The
University Police saidthat “after one
week of operation. reports of that
type of larceny fell to zero."

Campus crime irt February ranged
front burglary to reckless endanger-
tnent. The police report 43 incidents
of pctit larceny. 26 incidents of
criminal mtschief and eleven grand
larceny incidents lust tnonth.

Car Destroyed

A student's automobile was total-
ly destroyed by ﬁre in one ofthcfour
blazes responded to last month by
the University Police. There were
eleven false alarms in February.
eight occuring on Colonial Quad.
the police report.

The crime

MARCH 26, 1976

report indicates

criminal arrests in January and
February I976 have increased 310
per cent over the same period last
year. Last month. nine people were
arrested for campus crimes. accor-
ding to police. Ofthc nine arrested.

two are SUNYA students.

The most prolific activity of the
University Police continues to occttr
between tltc stripes. According to
their report. 4.44I parking tickets
were issued last month.

Telephoned Bomb Scare
Evacuates Humanities

by Paul Rosenthal

A telephoned bomb threat forced
it short evacuation ofthc Humanities
Building yesterday afternoon. Un-
iversity Police say.

An anonymous caller reportedly
called campus sccttrity at 1:49 p.m.
saying. “Bomb will explode in
Humanities at 2:l5.“ A patrol car
was dispatched. arriving onthe scene
minutes later.

The building was evacuated for
about 25 minutes. according to
police. Security Director James
Williams said. "We have specific
procedure whether. or ttot to
evacuate a building." University
Police officers searched all con-
cealed areas of the building witltout
finding any suspicious packages.
Some officers remained in
Humanities for some titnc after reen-
try by students and faculty was per-
tnitted.

Williams said it is not possible at
this time to determine a motive for
the botnh threat. He did. hoWever.

say. “If there was an exam itt
Humanities. it might be related."

Police report that although this
was the first threat of a bombing at
SUN YA itt some time. “l'ulsc reports
of incidents are ttot uncommon. On
March l6 and I7. false alarms were
pulled on the Academic Podium fif-
teen times.

Williams said that a briefcase con-
taining 21 suspected bomb was found
in the University Libraryin I972. An
Army Bomb Disposal unit was
called to removeth package. Accor-
ding to Williams. the nearest Army
bontb troll is now located in New-
burgh.

Botnb threat suspects have been
apprehended in the past through the
use of a telephonetracer. police said.
University Police at SUN YA use-u
phone tracer periodically with the
cooperation of the New York
Telephone Company.

Williams said yesterday‘s phone
threat is under investigation. So far.
there are no suspects.

involved were Cornell. University of
Massachusetts. and the University of
Pennsylvania. The information was
compiled by Playboy‘s College
Marketing ttnd Research division.

Many of the Daytona fans say
they like the northern Florida city
because the vacations tlterc tend to
cost less. Both Fort Lauderdalc and
Miami are in the highly built-up and
expensive southeast coast of the
state. “There are tttorc and better
things to do in Daytona; the kids are
nicer ttnd it's cheaper." a Purdue stu-
dent said.

The congestion oftlte Miami-Fort
Laudcrdttlc area has also turned
many students away this year. A Un-
iversity of Georgia student said.
“There aren't as many hassles in
Daytona “

Florida By Car

The Playboy survey rcportsthttt
the vast majority of American
students travel to Florida by way of
their own cars. About one fourth ﬂy

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

and about If percent take busses.

The surveyed students were asked
what activities they look for once
they are in Florida. Sightseeing was
rarely mentioned. but partying and
drinking accounted for 20 percent of
the responses. Ninc percent saidthey
go south mostly to swim.

The average length of vacation.
according to Playboy. is one week.
More than three fourths of the
students questioned said their
Florida vacations were between five
and seven days. Five days was the
average stay in Daytona Beach.

Playboy‘s Marketing and
Research division found that. for a
one-week vacation. students bring
along an average of'SlOOinspending .
money. Transportation and ac-
comodtttion genprnlly cost between
Sltltl and $200.

Most of the students said they
would participate in many organized
activities and were seeking the best
time available for the least money.

 

