 

.04*U'V?w?‘«w“vr/°W"Tw~—ﬂux‘meknw’SvMWﬁMW/rxm. A...

was at all and‘predicted tint the
aid “probably won‘t be restored
yoretbepnrnary eleaions are

.,  .SenﬂenryM.Jacksonof
wants more; Rep. Morrier Udall

zone, Alabama Gov. George

0‘ . _
‘ C. Wallace and_Sen. Frank Church

of Idaho spent an hour answering

questions on a nationally relevised ‘

imerview program.

‘ All but Church are on the ballot in
Pennsylvania's presidential primary
Tuesday. although Wallace com-
plained that his candidacy is not get-
ting proper attention.

“I wish' .-that the national news
would dictate that I am a candidate.”
he said. “. . . I want the people of

‘ Pennsylvanaia to know I am run-

ning.”

Most of what the candidates had
to say in their joint appearance on
the ABC-TV program “Issues and
Answers" was in restatement of

’. _ . . , ta
‘ codrorlation  Jackson and

Carter oversaia'ry scales and the an-
ion shop in the South.

_ The former Geor’Ta governor in-
sisted that workers in his part ofthe
countr'  paid wa comparable
to those it other regions. Jackson
scoffed‘a'trthe claim. ,I , . _

. Buttheﬁvernanshow was hardly
a’ debate. When‘it ended. Carter,

WASHINGTON (AP) The Federal
Power Commission may have
limited competition fora SlOmillion
computerization contract. but it
technically obeyed federal
regulations. a lengthy government
investigation has found.

The report of the 18-month
General Accounting Ofﬁce in-
Vvestigation was made available to
the Associated Press by Rep. John
E. Moss. D-Calif.

"The contract award by the com-
mission was in technical confor-
mance with federal procurement
regulations." the GAO government's
watchdog agency reported.

and U ,
their personal vote-hunting I
rainy. chilly day. Wallacealready

has concluded a brief Pennsylvania 3

campaign. Church is not entered in
primaries for another two weeks;

runningﬁrst on May II in Nebraska. .

 Caner was campaigning in the
Pittsburgh area; Udall met with
black supporters and then went to
work on a ﬁVe-minute speech he isto
give on national television Monday
night.

 FPO  Campetition

“HoWever. certain». commission ac-
tions may have detracted from the
competitiveness of the award.”

The successful bidder. is sub-
sidiary of Planning Research

Corp.. was given a competitive ad-
vantage by being permitted to bid on
the contract after having won an
earlier contract to develop criteria
for the iob. the investigators said.
Inhibited Competition

The accounting ofﬁce report said
the commission “inhibited competi-
tion" by giving firms only 38 days to
respond to its complex speciﬁcations
and by rejecting requests by three of
the firms for more time.

Microwaves Broil Embassy

WASHINGTON (AP) A classiﬁed.

State Department document says
aluminum screening recently in«
stalled at the US. embassy in
Moscow is 90 per cent effective in
blocking out microwave radiation
being beamed at the embassy by the
Soviets.

The document. prepared for usein
closed briefings of embassy
employes. provides the ﬁrst detailed
official explanation of the
microwave situation, which has
aroused concern over potential
health hazards because of the radia-
tion.

Yet many basic questions temain

unanswered —~ including why the
Soviets are continuing the
microwave bombardment.

Secretary of State Henry A.
Kissinger has called the issue “ a
matter of great delicacy which has
manyramiﬁcations."addingthatthc
United States is involved in talks
with Soviet officials in air effort to
get the radiation stopped.

A copy of the conﬁdential State
Department brieﬁng paper was
made available to the Associated
Press.

The document says window
screens installed at the embassyle
months ago “reduce the current

 

MONROE

morass”
E

 

PAGE TWO

20ACRE FARM

WITH SECLUDED WOODLAND

W.VIRGINIA
$1000 DOWN
couracr: c.c. MITCHELL, .nt.

CANCER

Sunday, May '23, 1976

Applications are available at the
Campus Center Lobby
April 28, 29, & 30
and
American Cancer Society
747 Madison Ave.
449-8722

Ride Your Bike To Help Others
And «Yourself

COUNTY,

(304) 772-3102

FOR

 

microwave signals to a point well
below one microwave per square
centimeter but not to a zero level.“

By contrast. late last year the
microwaves had reached a max-
imum intensity of 18 microwntts in
certain heavily irradiated areas of
the embassy. the brieﬁng paper said.

“When the nature of the signals
changed last fall. the department
began to consider countermeasures.
including various kinds of window
screening." the document said.

It was decided to use aluminum
screening because “generally. this
screening will reduce the intensity
level by a factor often. that is. by 90
per cent. It has been installed notjust
in the areas affected. but throughout
the building." according to the
paper.

U.S. ofﬁcials in Washington and
Moscow have refused to give any
detailed public explanation about
the microwave problem since it
broke into headlines in early
February.

0n the purpose ol the
microwaves. the brieﬁng paper said.
“This is something the Soviets arc in
the best position to answer."

The Soviets. the document noted.
“have suggestd to some newsmen
recently that they are attempting to
interfere with embassy reception of
communications. Others have
theoriled that the beams were in
some way connected with sur-
veillance activities."

On the question of possible health
hazards. the paper said that so far
"no cause and effect relationship has
been established between disorders
contracted bythose in Moscow and
their exposure to the electromagnetic
ﬁeld." .

There have been reports that Am-
bassador Walter E. Stocssel is suffer-
ing from anemia and that doctors
have detected two cases oflymphatic
cancer which might be related tothe
radiation. '

A State Department spokesman.
John 'frattner, said last week when
questioned about Stocssel: “The rim-
bassador remains on lhejob and as
far as i know his health is ex-

” “limb”
> ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

us Plans No More African Arms Aid

DAR ES SALAAM. Tanzanla(AP) -- Secretary of State Henry A,
Kissinger.ron a seven-nation African tour. said Sunday the United Stine.
“does not plan to give military said in anyformtothe nationalist movemums
in Africa." But he said the Ford administration will use its economic and
political influenceto bringabout black majorityrulein sourthcrn Africiixrim
question of arms aid followsthe recent defeat of two pro-Western frictions by
a pro-Soviet groups in the Angolar civil war.

Violence Erupts Again in Beirut

BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Unidentiﬁed gunmen shelled downtown lit-rim
Sunday. setting a large ﬁre and bringing the day's death toll in Lebanon's
Christian-Moslem civil war to 70. Security ofﬁcials said |82 persons “or.-
wounded in gunﬁre that once again marred the tatercd truce in the your-old
war. The deserted building where Pan American Airlines had its offices it...
hit by twu rockets and a mortar shell. Two stories were gutted by “times as
ﬁre brigades were kept away by sniper bullets. police said.

Violence Mounts In South Africa

JOHANNESBURG. South Africa (AP) Black nationalist guerrillas waging
hit-and-run border warfare are scoring mounting successes in their fight in
topple white minority regimes in Rhodesia and South Africa. ()pcfilltllg
front safe havens in black-ruled nations that have replaced colonmi
governments. they are gradually intensifying their attacks amid ginning
fears that the southern part of the continent may by heading for hilch ltlL't,‘
wars. Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger began a two-wcht tour of Alttcn
in Kenya Saturday and warned Rhodesia‘s white rulers “tinicis rtinningoni.“

Reunification Voting Begins for Vietnam

BANGKOK. Thailand (AP) Millons of North and Sotith Vietnamese \otcd
Sunday inthc first major stcptoward the reuniﬁcation of Vietnam. divided in
I954 and wracked by war for decades. Top leaders from the Lao lloiig Com-
munist party and governments in both Saigon and Hitnoi cast their ballots
for a 492 member National Assembly shortly nftcrthc polls opened at 7 n. in,
according to Saigon and Hanoi broadcasts monitored here. The t)iilt'l.li\
reportedly were followed by rows of citizens marching to vote. AUliltllllIL'\
predicted a near lle per cent tttrn out.

Portugal Relnstltutes Free Elections

LISBON. Portugal (AP) Portugal held its first free parliamentaryelection in
Si years Sunday with none ofthe l4 political parties on the ballot expected to
win a majority. The nation‘s armed forces were on full itlert. with 6.5 million
persons eligible to vote. and the entire country was reported cairn. I’ollsclox-
ed at 7 pm. but the counting of millions of paper ballots \YilS expected to
delay the indication of trends until Monday.

Bumsfeld Says Military Up to Par
WASHINGTON (AP) Defense Secretary Donald Run‘tsfcid
Sundin that American military capability is “adequate to do the rub iodnx“
ndn said what is important is waht ability the United States will linxt- III [M
future. “No indeed" Rumsfeld responded when asked if charges iII'L' illlt' ili.ii
the United States has become No.2 to the Soviet Union mlilltll'li) “ [ilt'
military capabilities that exist today exist. and they are adequate iodo iilt'
job today." he said on NBC‘s“Mect the Press."

rcitct illt‘li

Panel Notes Rising Health Costs

WASHINGTON (AP) A presidential panel. calling rising health cosh ".i
national economic problem.“ reported Sunday that the average from!) non
pays 10 per cent of its total income for medical care. The average hospiinl
visit cost Sl.0]7 last year. the Council of Wage and Price Stabilin snid. mid
no end is in sight to record high inflation in the health-care industry [he
council cited the problem of rising health care costs which him- been
highlighted in congressional hearings. but proposed no solutions

$220,000 Worth of Damages at Buffalo

BUFFALQ N~V-(/\l’l Fire destroyed television studio at Foster iinll ill lllL‘
State University at lluffalo Saturday. ﬁre official said. Damage um u».
ttmatcd at 3220.000. according to fire officials. No injuries were reported Ill
the MW” "‘3" he‘ll’i'l’ dﬂmlliicd the basement at the Main Street Ciliillhh
hllilding. Smoke damage was reported to be extensive througlinni Ilit'
building The fire broke out in the television studio around 2 pm. and um
under control shortly before 3 p. in. The exact cause ofthe lire rcniznncd tin
die: '“VCSllllﬂlk‘”. fire officials said. Foster llnll also houses Classrooms and
0 recs.

Major Change Seen in Apartment Leases

ALBANY. N.Y.tA|’) The ilii'uliiilicS-iilCilldcd tense may soon hv n thins “I
the past in New York State. ill leitst fDI‘lCIililllS iii apartment ninlcoinnivirhil
buildings built after this summer. The state Public Service Commission .in-
nounch on Saturday tlntt it would. “unless convinced otherwise.“ bun iliv
practice under which some landlords do not charge leniints extra for t‘it't‘llltl-
ty above the regular monthly rent. The hint would apply to tenants lll am
building constructed aftercurlysuminer. but not at least not illllllt'tiltllt'i)
to those already in existence.

APRIL 26, 1976

 

Preﬁx!

These statements, have been V

solicited from the candidates for SA
president. They are listed in
alphabetical order. The pictures of
the candidates were taken at Friday
night‘s “Candidates Forum” on.
WSUA. I

Steve DiMeo

One of the themes that l have
stressed during this campaign has
been the lack of communication
between Student Association and
the student body. it has beenthe case
in recent years for the SA President
to hide out in room 346—never seen
by the student body. I believe that a
Student Association president
should be visibletothe student body.
More importantly. the SA president
should make the effort to go out and
seek opinions from the students. It‘s
the responsibility of the SA presi-
dettt to represent student interests.
and the only way he can do that is to
go find out what is on the students'

Steve DIMeo

minds. How can one stty Whili is
good or bad fortite student body tin-
less ltc has been accessible to them
and can sense the actual pulse of the
students. I plan on improving com-
munication by delivering president
reports to the quad boards. meeting
regularly with class officers and SA
groups. and writing a coltimn for the
Albany Student Press to express my
point of view to the students. There
is it definite ttccd for new blood in
Student Association. ititd the best
way to get new blood is to go out and
actually recruit students. lly this I
mean during tlte summer. the SA
president should meet with incom-
ing freshmen uitd transfers totry and
get them involved in some facet of
the operations of Sttrdcttt Associa-
tion This also serves its it way for the
Student Association president to in-
troduce to new students trinity of the
opportunities that exist here for
them to get involved in.

iilt.‘ president linstlte responsibili~
ty to spend sludcnl taxpayer money
wisely. ()ite ol tlictliings that I would
never spend money on is another
SAndbtrs. it was it duplication of
services and a waste of many. As
president. l‘ll wear otit sortie shoe
lenthci' milking the necessary effort
of meeting students and scekingtheir
opinions. l‘illilcl' lilttll publishing a
one sided propaganda sheet. There
Will be no sacred cows ill Studcnt
Association's budget. Just as we
ll‘lili'il.‘ \ailnc judgements concerning
ench group's birdch the satire should
hold title for “SA operating." l fcc
lillll I aim ohligttlcdlo inakestirc that
catch tax dollar is spent iii the best
possible way. That is why i believe

H L groups must-be repaired.

bythestttd'entbodyduringarefe n‘-‘
dum‘.-_ By - holding" a; referendu' .
SASU delegatesrwould havethetask
of. explaining to the students all“ of
the beneﬁts that are derived by our
membership in SASU] It would be
to the betterment of SASU to receive

ll sound endorsement by its student '

body. that to continue presently
divided and much maligned. After
all if the students don't want to
belong to SASU then we shouldn‘t
spend “0.000 of their money to
belong to it,just because a few think
it is sacred and sinful to raise
questions about its merits.
'l'hrouhgout this campaign I have
stressed the importance that
representative be servants to the
students. it is your money that we
spend and it is through Student
Association where policy is initiated.
It is important that the next SA
president doesn‘t forget that first and
foremost he is a servant to the
students. It has been said that the SA
president plays three roles: that of a'
spokesman. administrator and in-
itiator of ideas. I would add a fourth
role.lhitt of servant tothe students. I
can assure you that i will fulﬁll each
ofthcse roles tothe best of my abili-
ty. Things can be different next year
providing we restore credibility to
SA. This means that next year‘s
leaders are going to have to earn the
respect oftheir fellow colleagues and
more importantly the students. This
is quite a task for anyone to under-
take. That is why we hitve to pull
together instead of remaining
fragmented segments of a vast.
potentially powerful association. I

' think that I can help mold such a

coalition. ’l’httnkyou.

Matt Kaufman

You must realize when con-
sidering which candidate to elect for
the office of S.A. president. certain
issues will effect us. it is necessary for
voters to decide upon the candidate
who will be able to improve and
benefit campus life.

What effects us involves the
llCildcll‘liC. the recreational and the
residential issues. To narrow and
water down these issues would be a
disservice to any member of the cam-

Matt Kaufman

pus community.

One of the primcfunctionsol SA
president is to serve the students by
developing it rapport between split
frictions.

Conflict between the administra-
tion. groups that involve students oii
and off cnmpus. iiitd even the split
between SA and SA sponsored

 

 

Erratum

Till: Uititcd U iiiversity l’rofessions‘stund on rehiring was inaccurately
represented in “UUP Questions Rehiring Policy." which appeared in the
April 23 issue of the Alhitny Student Press. Another story on the same
subject will appear iii this Friday‘s ASP.

 

 

APRIL 26, 1976

. Timeafter time. the brunt ofthes'e
communicatidnfailuiestare felt by
students. If the SA president fails to

allow for a ﬂowing communication ‘

network. he fails to efﬁciently serve
the needs of the studentss

. As an interested and concerned
student. I feel the need exists for a
student leader who will understand
what the responsibility of the ofﬁce
entails. i will work for solid con-
structive ideas aimed and carried out
f orthe development of ahealthy stu-..
dent body.

Jon Levenson

It's easy for a candidate to have
“worked on projects“. to have been
"deeply involved“ or to tell you that
he "supported a bill." It's not too dif.
ﬁcult to list a dozen committees with
long names that a candidate was a
“member of" or “worked with “; or
issues that one has “spoken out"
about.

Sure. every candidate can bend
your ear with a long list of seemingly
impressive student government
related accomplishments. But what
have they done for you?

As Ombudsman I've gotten results
for several httndred students who
were experiencing difﬁculties with
university-related problems and red
tape. llroken refrigerators were
replaced. incorrect and inaccmate
bills for room damage were cor-
rected. wrongfully placed “stops” on
transcripts were removed.

These were [eligible and visible
rcs'ulls.

Last year. I found the location for
'thc Food Co-op. and helped over-
come administrative resistance to get
that space. The Comp is one of SA's
most useful services, and has
beneﬁted more students than many
of our more costly activities; again.
tangible and visible rcruljr.

l have consistently voted against
sending a small contigcnt of student

Vice Pres Hopefuls on

Jeff Hollander

Al Student Association election
time each year. it is not so inticli the
issues which deeidcllie outcome. but
rather. the candidates overall record.
In other words. the key issues are ex-
pciience and reliability it is much
easier to j ndgc a candidate on what
ltc has rrlI‘t'tltli' dotic. than by \vhnt he
says he is going to do.

I have served on a quad board
committee my freshman yciir(73-74)
on Alumni Quad; inst yenr l was it
member of Dutch Quad Board as
well as its Vice President. This yeurl
ttlll currently serving as it represen-
tative of Dutch Qnitd to Ccllll'lli
Council; within Central Council I
tun a member of the Finance and
lludgct (Executive) Committees. l
was also. quite recently. appointed
Vice Chairman of the Committee to
Create it Student Recreational
l‘ncility.

As is shown. I have experience
working within quads. experience
working on Central Council. as well
as two committees therein. which are
responsible for distributing your
mandatory tax dollars. With my last
appointment. I have hudt'ie oppor-
tunity to have direct dealings with
SU N YA administrators. adding stu-
dent input and in gcttingthis project
off the ground. If elected. I will con-
tinue to work through the summer
and into next year. to see that a

governme t leaders, to P

"with!" 91’!” , ,
, againstw'a tin smoothie
SAndbox (my'opponeiit did?" ‘00.

’ And I. voted». agilitit‘an 'approprip-

tion ' of SIOOOI for a worthles

leech
Jon Lev-neon

1 sponsored ti bill to provide
SUN YA students with a week offree
ice cream. beer. and soda on the
podium. I deserve no special credit
for this. sinceit‘s the smdenis' money
which made the event possible.

But the point is. that I had to ﬁght
to get this expenditure passed (my
opponents Were against it) despite
the fact that it would so obviously
beneﬁt many st udents. especially the
often ignored off-campus residents.

SUN YA Mullen/s should enjoy the
fruits of their student tax dollars.
not student government leaders.

I‘ve had experience working in ex-
ecutive position. in dealing with ad.-
ministutors effectively. and in distill-
ing ideas to gal who! [he slur/ems
Ill’t’tl mu! want. Give me your vote.
and maybe we won‘t have another
year of boring student government.

Jay Miller

Making this university responsive
to the needs of its students has
always been my ﬁrst priority. While

Jeff Hollander

recreational facility is finally con-
structed.

The experience is unquestionably
there. leaving the other key factor
which is reliability. llesides having an
excellent attendance record in both
the finance and budget committees. I
also have it [It'Ij/l't'l attendance and
voting record on Central Council
(tlte only member to do so). dating
back to May 14. l975. Living in a
society known for its upatlty. l would
say this is quite lln innovation in
itself.

Finitlly. the factors which will
decide this election are
again. experience and rsliability. I
have demonstrated uti exceptional
and more importantly. a proven per-
formance in both.

I thank you for taking thetime to
readthis and hope that youdo go out
and vote. April 27-29. It is actually

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

the food service division. '

An SA President must alsobe ‘ ble‘ 

to deal with the academic is of
our university. Distributio _ ‘
quirements. plus-minus grading.

budget allocations all must be dealt L

with effectively by next year's SA.
Our general goal should be to main-
tain this unitiersity‘s high academic
standards while attempting to
reduce its high academic pressures.

SA must have a method of cont-
municating with the student body.

Contact with students can  -in- ‘

Jay Miller

creased if the president visits quad
board meetings and brings together
the leaders of all the groups in order
to exchange ideas with them. The
groups should be involved with SA
on more than a financial level. My
executive branch will be a visible ex-
ecutive branch.

Experience. dedication. and com-
munication ~— thc student body
deserves at least that much.

the Issues

one of the few rights you have—“so
take advantage of it~-it can make a
difference

Gary Parker

The time is here. This Tuesday.
Wed nesdity and Thursday. the 27th.
28th and 29th of April are SA elec-
tion days. The students of SUNYA
the the ability to place an indepen-
dent Vice President in student
government. You can insure. by
electing Gary Parker as Vice Presi-
dent. you will be reprcsentcd respon-
sibly.

I believe that in order to have a
functional and progressive govern-
ment. it is necessary to have
representatives from various
backgrounds. The representatives
should not and will not be‘Yes” peo-

contlnued on pagefour

PAGE THREE

... .1 ,4 .3 t... 31-33,. .j p  i. ‘.

hm

 

