 

" lpr'cse'ntly'

_ ' pproaches are I
attempted ,using magnetic fields? to
contain the process, and some scien-
tists are predicti ngthat a demonitra-

cunttnucdfrom pageﬁve.‘

 program nor for its removal from his

v i Today is the day of decision. We

“ - ' a‘re'quickly‘ieaching a point of no

return. when-the price of giving up
nuclear power' would topple the
economy. NYPlRG and other
citizen groups in New York (which

   

division; but only forthe adoption of
his'three-point program. Hethought
that environmental studies were ter-
minated because the Task Force
found it comparatively not viable;
considerations such as enrollments,
cost effectiveness, and success for
graduates in finding employment

 
     

 it out y _
face, antisabortion forces across the

, country are still chipping away at the

Km Supreme Court decision which
legalized abortion. And although the
abortion opponents have not won
the major battle for a constitutional
amendment barring abortions. they
have carried home several small vic-
tories. ‘
Some 60 anti-abortion bills were

of Medicaidfunds for abortion

abortion counselling or referral ex
cept to save a woman's life. Led h
Sen. Edward Kennedy (D-MA) lh
Senate narrowly del‘eated 'ih
measure which Kennedy said would
have made abortions a privilege o
the middle and upper class.

But in spite of last year‘s defeats
abortion foes still had some llilngslt;
gloat about. Just two miinlhs arm
the Supreme Court decision leguliz.

Bld‘k'm H .HEAP

A sign of the times is the? report

from Nepal that Mount Everest is ‘

becoming the world‘s tallest trash
heap.

The Nepalese Government reports '
that some 50,000 visitors annually"
ﬂocking to Mount Everest—the
highest mountain on Earth—are
leaving trails of rubbish and pollu-
tion behind them.

The government says the visitors.
who go to experience breathtaking
mountain trails and pure springs, are
depositing so much garbage and
destroying so many trees that

tons of trash since starting an anti-
potlutlon campaign in August. The
students say. hov‘vevcr. they’ve barely
made a dent in the Everest litter
problem.

 

new toilets installed intth‘e' dorm

sin: is be of the low-ilus’h‘variety’,

Under the proposed law. the new

johns may use a maximumjof oriy

three-snd-a-half gallons of water per ‘

flush. People who keep track of such
thing‘s estimate savings in fresh water
at 900,000 acre feet bythe year 2000.

PSYCHIC FUTURE

  
 

chic abilities; , :
Herwritestltatd

England. recently cont cred televi-

sion stations thereafter Uri Geller
appeared on a show..The parents

reported that their own offspring

could also mentally bend spoons.
Taylor says that he. as well as
medical researchers in Germany.

% . ( lion model will b.’ ready to operate has neither referendum nor its were not conclusive. Wendall introduced in Congress last )l‘t‘car. ig- mg ab?r:ilonsl‘i the Senate Voted 924 Nepal-—for the first time—is being Is it possiblethatthe next stage in havetestedanumberot‘children un.

‘2 N by...990,j I  I V ' ’i'ilalive) are encouraging their state Lorang and Executive Vice Presr- cluding the Human Lifef mznf f“ ‘ 2"“. Y'dldCd Public and forced toset upstria ecologylawsto human evolution is for human der laboratory conditions. and have

* ' Our energy needs~ have been grow- legislators to enact hills ensuringihe dent' Sirotltin supported this yiew. ment which was later de cate Iln timVﬂ eh :lels 90"“ rcillscloper- protect Mount Everest. beings to develop psychic powers? been convinced that many of them

(.l' 1 ing astronomically (for tithe last; safety of nuclear plants. on the President Fields was not available subcommittee. Abortion Whitman 5 of?!“ 0 'Onsyoinlhc grtiiiridsolthe One team of American students A British mathematics professor, possess mental powers science simp-
_federal level. bins an [wing in. [or comment, almost managed to pass legislation re rgion orconsCIcncc Olllllrl'ltispllal attempting to help clean up the LOW-FLUSHERS John Taylor, claimsthatasurprising ly cannot‘explain.

 

‘ decade. This is one of the ltey points»

brought up by power companies in

troduced to insure safety which

lsmay was dismayed at this point

which~ would have orohibitcdthe use directors.

 

Mount Everest area reports it has The California Legislature hasap-

 

 

   

number of young children are being

Critics of Taylor's theory claim

  
    
     

 
  

" i { explalnlng the need rm- nuclear would effectively put a halt on of view. and that of the Task Force picked up morethan one-and-a-halt' provad a bill that would require all born withthe powerto more or bend that childrentoday are simply better Lieutenant Vickery said mat two

2 ‘1 energy. What is not mentioned is nuclear growth for the present. On majority: “The educational System L H - objects with their minds—in a at hoaxing than theyused to be. Marine Corps—issuedwalkie-tatkies

v i that this growth has been activelyen- the opposite side of thc issue from its it whole llldgéattilsf hOW Shisﬂ-  ' earn 0W Yo“ \\\ fashion similar to Uri Geller. POT were uscdm coordinatemc wad ex.

‘  couraged by the power companies the consumer and citizens' groups sighted It can I - mm“ "‘8 ' _ '0‘ Professor Ta tor. the au‘hor oh EXPED'TION ditionafterthc menw red 1 d
y [or years, when evcn the most are the power companies with large always means going back to what‘s M . , wits", 9° , h s" , h k. h new book entitled Superminds, An A lieutenant in the US. Marine iliroughout the rolling field? Dye

‘ rudimentary techniques of conserva- investments in the industry. safe. how do we havethe nervetocull Transcendental edltatlon Afh \o . It  t e as way of I an mg you fork I [:1 Inquiry [mo The Paranormal. saw Corps has been couwmamnled for Lieutenant Vickuy is now a

' lion were uPPHCdi this growth Slow‘ Once againi the “"09 ‘luCS‘ions oursc'vcs educators‘r‘  "nasmng success of our S" Fame,” Mg 1 as" he has come across dozens of cases of leading his men on a marijuana- former lieutenant: he has been dis-

    ‘77 ~dissolvc stress from your body T'qu'lQ ".800 ' '
-dcvclopc meaningful relationships Enjoy it anyway - for only one dollar. 1“:
. S ri. , M i . M h C i . t . . . . . .
Hearthe full story ofTM from students who practice "" "s “9"” “‘ °‘ ""5 1;...” mm; D... prize. 9mm IWWThe alternative filmic emerience smoe 1954.
- - Jose Cuervo T/ Shirts ‘ s ' '
o . it themselves ("mm M” . .r’ a :-
- t - garmr Sets .
Seniors get your portraits . a...  a. L. D“ 5"““9"°"
‘ Special Student Panel JOSE Jaw CW") you,“ or HOW I LEARNED TO STOP wonnvmc
ﬁ 0 CU ERVO f - ()tw-uf-a-kt‘nrl Mexican Pinatla AND LOVE THE HOME
i    "m “mm Candy Dull - terriﬁc nutty/[y with George C. Scott and ‘Peter Sellers
Esqullo Friday, April 2
March 3|st - Wednesday 7:15
2:00 PM - Assembly Hall 945 LC l $.50 with tax card
8:00 PM - LC ll Minmcu'r $1.00 without

I e We..- .-. nuns.»

. sswi

 

 

 

 

 

  

tr

 

 

 

 

 

Sign up at the CC. Info. Desk

 

    
   
     

.ISC — Hillel proudly announces
thotwe will join the

“Walk for Life”

 

 

 

Allows you to:
-use the f ul capacity of your mind

  
 

Refreshments

 

 

 

 

S.U.N.Y.A. Synchronized

Presents:

Swim Club

   

Wednesday. March 31 - 8 PM to Close

   
  

Sit ..
ILL! WM»;

limo
@miiil

young children—some of them now

picking expedition in the North

missed from the Corps. '

 

 

 

 

 

Plus:

 

 

 

thon’s Giedteis Speech

 

  

 

 

 

and Jewish Ito‘s-to Coalitio-
moors“

University Speakers Forum

    
   
     
         

 

Wolkothon in support of ’
., Israel and Jewish Solidarity 6‘:  / demol
: Free w tax oner-
g ‘ P ~ S V [ Public

Annual Show

May 9"

 

We urge you to participate!
Registration in CC Lobby

 

ABBA BBAN  w. » ' ' 
:53": #23:}: fi’tﬁ?.3£f$§i‘!.ii’“"‘ ‘ Direct Mail
Program

Saturday April 3rd-8:00 PM

 

for info and registration coll:
Sharon 7-1927 Stove 459-0000
' P.E. Building

Swimming Pool

  

-Wideiy regarded as one o] the world’s truly great moon
—'l'OPiC: “Prospects for peace in the Middle Eat" ‘

Sunday, April 4th
University Gym 8:00 pass.

Tickets can be acquired beginning Monday. Murals 29
in the 9A Contact Ofﬁce (not! so chock caching) frosts

Sunday April 4th-3:30 PM

 
 
   
 

 

 
 

Admission Free

1.quer fry ilutlt'nl tusm‘lutlmi funth by student aism'latt'utt

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SIX

 

MARCH 30, 1976 MARCH 30, 1976

 

 

