    

  
 
  
  
      
  

    
      
    
 
  
 

    

 

 
 

  

 

  
  

 

 

an:

. .MM. -..—-.-—M ‘ A,v-. WA we ,

believcthat overall it's

 

" Strain such. a’mettibertalingher
tron at working in the'Co-op last

y_'l’it_esda'y. explained: 'It meats
 food for a lot people, and

st

   
 
 
 

v o exiﬁ.

A's J‘udi "other. who was also
tab 1 her turn working. said: “It's
still a Iittlettuorganized It's the

V ' binning."

. “We've had an incredible amount
of problems at the courier." stated
Judy Martinez. a member of the

  
  

 
 

pcoﬂ _  two hour a
motIh. and not alwaysin the some
tinie‘slot.‘ * ’ r

‘ but member Danny Conviser
voiced the major grievance found by
the members/employees: “People
don't know what they‘re doing when
they come here. There‘s not enough
training."

"To alleviate this problem.“ Mar-
tinez explained, .‘Robin Perchik.
Counter Committeeman. and Ron-
nie LtcVine. Publicity Chairman. are

  

scheduling three training nights next

week. It will be rnandatorythat every
member of theco-op.no matter what

past training. must attend one ses-
sion.”

 

am we; , g .-
they ha . slot of success-At lint we

were displeased about being moved, .
but we like it“ where we are. We
thought being hidden away we‘s lose
business. but we were surprised to
ﬁnd an increase in business of eight

  

7 in response to the qtéstion: “Did
the amp live up to your expec-
tations? Ronnie uvine replied; “It
has. especially considering that we
were all new to this. At first we had
trouble. but we‘re getting a lot more

The Classical Forts-

to ten percent.”

 
     
  

When'asltcd whether he'd ever

a" , W In! as"

sctvthtlt the Food Co-op i,
in always crowded with

students eagerly making purchases
demonstrates how widespread this

. positive attitude is.

Ellen Diamond. while buying a
few items Ian Tuesday. summed up
in one word how most students feel
about its existence on campus: “Ex-
cellcht!"

Judge and Caesar’s Wife

 

In the April 2. I976, issue of the Knickbaclrer News,
Robert G. Fichenberg. the executive editor of that
paper. published an editorial emitled “The Judge and
Caesar‘s Wtfe.” In this editorial, Mr. Fichenberg
comments on a recent case of possible judicial
misconduct. He cites the Fourth Canon on Judicial
Ethics: "A judge's conduct should be free from
impropriety and the appearance of impropriety.“ This.
he says. is the “Caesar's wife princi ple.“ Hcexplains that
“a judge. like Caesar's wife. must. because of his
position of special public trust and responsibility.
conduct himself in such a way that he is beyond
reproach.”

Ftchenberg continues: “It is taken for granted that a
judge will not commit an impropriety. It is equally
important that he do nothing—no matter how well
motivated—that even would give the appearance of
impropriety." Not everyone will be familiar with the
historical incident from which the “Caesar‘s .wifc
principle" derived its name. It is. in fact. one ofthc most
interesting incidents in Roman history.

Among the political leaders of Rome in thcturbulent
ﬁrst century B.C.. none was more radical than Publius
Clodius Pulchcr. Clodius was a young aristocrat who
owned great wealth and whoseambitions knew neither
fcar nor moral restraints. His own dissolutc character
was matched by that of his sister Clodia. who in all
likelihood is none other than the infamous Lesbia of
Catullus‘ poems.

 

 

SUNYA Concert Board presents

GARY BURTON QUINT€T

 

mt Guest... JOHN PAYNE: BAND

In 62 B.C. the rites of Bonn Den, the Good Goddess.
which were open to women only. were conducted in the
house of Julius Caesar. who was that year the PmIII/l’X
Maximus. Clodius attended these rites disguised as a
young girl but was discovered. All Rome was
scandalized. and most people felt certain that Clodius‘
motive had been to gain access to Caesar‘s \t‘ilc
Pompeia. Caesar responded to the incident by di \‘ort‘lng
his wife. but he refused to testify against Clo ius in
court. When he was asked to explain this up urt‘nt
contradiction he said that “Caesar's wife must he uhotc
suspicion."Clodius‘ trial. in spite of Cicero‘s damaging
testimony ended in acquittal because Clodius hnd
bribed the jury.

Caesar. as it appears held no grudge against Clodnn.
To the contrary. he. Pompey. and Crttssus supported
Clodius for the tribuneship. Clodius held this office It]
58 B.C. and used itto have Ciceroscnt into exile. (‘teem
managed to he recalled a year later only through lllt‘
intercession of Pompey. Clodius went on to Itlotc
glorious things yet. He organized an armed gang u hteh
fought in the streets of Rome with a rival gang led in n
certain Milo. In 52 RC. Clodius finally was killed in
some of Milo's mcn. Clodius‘ supporters CilII'lL‘tl lhc
bodyto the senate house and burned the building mu
him as a suitable funeral pyre.

Roman history knows of many people who demu-
our admiration. Clodius is not one ofthem. and m- hunt-
'somc rcscrvtttlons about Caesar as well.

he replied: “I‘m too I
omedsy I‘ll stop off,

 

 

Want to get involved?

All those interested in playing a major role
in the planning of Telethon '77 are
requested to fill out the application.

 

Address 8: Phone

 

 

 

at 8:00

 

Friday April 23

Ballroom

 

 

In the Campus Center

Interests

 

 

 

 

 

- $2.50 w/ SA tax card
Ticket. $4.00 General Public

TlCll€T§ AVAILABL€ Ill ill CONTACT OFFICE

AND JU$T A SONG ON WGD. APRIL 6

 

 

 

 

L

PAGE EIGHT

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Please deliver via on-compus mail

to Susan State Quad Box 1795
Mitch State Quad Box 1883

Applications are due no later than
Friday 4/23/76.

 

APRIL 9, 1976

    
    
  
   
     
  

       
 

 

 

 

»lf;“—;“.K1j-t- _. ,

<~n-.\ rm.-

ll sinsnneuotognjt.
several ' books on.

 

dolphins. in The Mind .of the

balloons: describes an experiment

’in which a dolphin was taught to
speak using I sounds resembling
English .words.

Although. the
dolphin‘s vocal and auditory fre
quencies far exceed the human
range, Dr. Lilly interpreted the
sounds to be a clear attempt at com-
munication.

’ In another experiment, dolphins

. were taught how to play basketball.

After easily learning the rules, they
deliberately broke them. making up
new ones as soon as the old rules
bored them.

Dr. Lilly believes dolphins to be as
intelligent as humans. but living in a
water. non-gravity based environ-
ment has caused their intellect to
develop differently.

In experiments with killer whales
at the marine-mammal research
center at the Vancouver. British
Columbia aquarium. Christopher
Whiting. a researcher. commented
that " . . . the killer whale has a
tremendous memory for detail. I
think they have the ubilityto sort out
every boat on the Pacific.“

In other experiments conducted
-off the coast of Vancouver by the
crew of thc antiwhuling ship chtt.
sponsored by the (irccnpacc Foun-
dation. music was piped into a
school of California gray whales.
The whttlcs responded positively to
llrnltms and 'l'chaikovski Concertos.
They didn't care for rock. but loved
Johnny Cash‘s "l Walk the Line.“

' One might ask, if whales'are'itnoi’t v ‘

enough to like Johnny Ca'sh,‘th'én-
why can‘t they evade 'wh‘alers'l
Perhaps it has to do with the modern
manner in which whales are hunted.

Catcher boats use sonar..which

detect whales by bouncing sonic or .

ultrasonic waves off the sea bottom.
Once detected. an ultrasonic “whale

scorer" is piped into the sea. This I

terrifying underwater sound is used
to frighten and confuse the whale.

The whalc‘s ears finally stop ringing f

when a 250-pound harpoon. launch-
cd from a ship. gouges through 20in-
ches or so of neck blubber. andj
grenade detonutcs inside the whalc'l

head. This deadcns the deafening '

sound.

The United States Department of .

Interior has listed 8 great whales II
facing extinction; the blue. sperm,
right. sci. humpback. bowhead. fin.
and gray whttlcs. The lWC has also
declared the blue whale endangered.
but it may bc too late for recovery.

Some estimates put the blue whale.

count at slightly more than 200.
Those rcmaining males might not be
able to ﬁnd enough females with
which to mate. The Finback whale
faces the same problem.’

According to Dr. Kelly. cven ifa
male and female do meet. the female
might not accept the male:

“If human beings got into the
situation in which there were two
people left in the world. probany
those two would get together and
start it all over again. Whales aren't
like that. Female whnlcs can be
choosy. and will reject a male who
approaches hcr incorrectly. They
will swim at the surface. on their

 
 

in. the—Cd .
years “certiﬁes-use. . . .
‘ shore  and hugs the  rtt ; ,

   
  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  

  

   
    
 
 
 

  
     
   
      
 
 
   
     
   
     
     
     
    
    
     
 
   
    
 

   
 
 
 

   

Tonight andtotnotrow at the noose-Dried Coffeehouse are Humble. Christensen. and Hood. on 4
all-women orlglnttl group from uratoga. Freeze-Dried regulars may remember thorn train their
guest set last fall durlng Torn Mitchell's performance, for whom they sing back-up.

As different as their name, Huxtoble. Chrlstensen. and Hood have been pertormlng their unlquo
combinatlon of a-eapella and accompsnled muslc tor years In the Albany-Saratoga-Lalto George
area. Thelr very large and varied repetolre Includes Btltlsh and Scottish tradltlonsl hell-do.
Bahamlan. Medlevat, Amerlcan tredltlonol, madrlgato. country-westeranlng. 50's rock and roll,
plus orlglnal compositions.

#.

 

LA‘SAGNA , MEATBALLS, SAUSAﬁE and
mug oi 8EEPt,goblet o; WINE,or not/other beverage.

THE-3-DAY-ALL'YOU-CAN
EAT' ITALIAN  $2.95.
Including Wine or Beer.

 

Every Sunday, Monday& Tuesday

CHll—DREN  under to

served Sunday I2 Noon to "PM - Mondoy LTussdm/ 4PM» HUM

Ghei‘ Italia ..

A Feast uomnteed losingger «the im inatlon IW‘lt' with our lemons
ANTIPASQ’IO Met and followed by m? patios o; 6%Hsnt,9Iz;A.
ORE. And to it» it almost rev

ALBANY I
stem M. of: Fuller no.

; .
Pick Up Your Copy Of
The Albany Student Press
0n Tuesdays And Fridays
At Any 01’ These Locations:

* * Campus Center Lobby * *

 

A11 Quad-Cafeterias tr Library Lobpy
WellingtonHotel Annex * Draper H311
Administration Building vk Infirmary
Mohawk Tower Lobby
* 1k * it t *
First Floor Lounges In:

Performing Arts Center
Humanities Building

Biology Building
Business Administration Building

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l

APRIL 9, 1976

   

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE NINE

    
 
  
  
    
  

 

 

 

 

.
i
r
l

 

