 

 

 

    
  

 

 

-mmm.,.ww ,.,-.... , r..._. . -3

 

~azanss
 * 

Colonial 'I . 53“”

Dutch . 3
Indian ‘ ’ 2
. State - * 3. "
Commuters I 4 .10
 SA President * *

‘ SASU Student Assembly Delegate* *3  seats

 

   9? --

r

M   ‘ university. senate.

'  2seats  g“
L ‘3” 

‘3” I
' 9 II'.

SIIIOHS:  ., y  '

‘ SA Vice President * *V

_ , ,. ' *_* V _ o
Alumni Board.(Seniors only); : 5 seats

University Council '- 1 seat
Myskania (Juniors only) 313 seats

A Referendum on Mandatory vs. Voluntary Student Tax.

Class of 77* * * - President, VP, secretary, Treasurer
Class of ’78 '- President, VP, Stacretary, Council *
tr Taxpayers only
i 4k Taxpayer,

also petition required (100 signatores) ~

,jtr * *Class dues paying members only

Duties and ResponSibilities of Positions to be Filled: I I

Central Council provide for communication between the

student body and the University Community as a whole;
review policies and procedures of subsrdtaryl 'bodies of
Student Association; determine student activates assess-
ment, establish general finanicial policy, allocate funds,
audit and control of student finances; oversee elections.

President recommends plans for organization of ex-

ecutive branch; constitute administrative policies and
procedures of the executive branch, subject to approval of
Central Council; responsible for executing laws enacted
under the constitution, as well as carryingout all actions
taken by Central Council; act as spokesman of Student
Association and recommend plans of action to Central
Council.

Vice-President perform duties as assigned 'by. the Presi-

dent, assume duties and responsiblities of the president in
his absences. - ' . ‘

Detailed information'a

bout these positions can be found

Self-nomination forms and petitions can be obtained in the SA Office
. (CC346). For Living—Area Elections. be sure to nominate yourself for the
area in which you will be living next year; Further inquiries, may be directed ‘
, to the SA Ofﬁce (7-6542) or thd Commissioner of Elections, Neil J~ O‘Connor(7- 8979).

Special Information about available positions wil  printed in next week's
SAndbox. -

University Senate governing body of the University eon- '

sisting of 100 members, 33 of whom are students;- provide

academic and non-academic policies which affect the Un- -

iversity Community as a wholeilmake recommendatibns
to the President of the Umversrty.

University Council recommend candidates for university
‘ positions (president, etc.); review major ‘Unrversrty plans
regarding faculty, students, admrssrons, etc.;‘ make
regulations concerning student‘s condutct, houstng and

safety, campus facilities; review University at Albany '

budget requests; report annually to the Board of Trustees.

SASU Delegates represent SUNYA Student Association
as a member of the 22 school SUNY system ‘

‘ Class Ofﬁciers ( '77, ’78) regulateexpenditure of class funds -

and determine class activities. r

r

Altimni Board (76ldesigned to represent that particular
class within the Alumni Association

in'the 51A. Constitution (available in S.A. ofﬁce) or Class ‘

Constitutions of the particular classes.

, .

fundedi  student association '

 

 

pio vhr'p for the second

again w. according to Lewis. ‘ ’

' umber one'see'd and State V

iv ‘ ity .ongew ,‘Y'ork. Athletic

A than. Eeldnianis

 

. 'NYACI esetwoalso'combined.
‘ for the .SUNYAC doubles title. _
:ileet‘urning participants" in’_ the'
,SUNYAC tournament arc: Dave
"Denny. undefeated and third iﬂight

champ; Bob Diskin. fourth ﬂight
champ;' Phil ‘Ackérmun. fifth ﬂight
runner-up: and Josh Connell. sixth
flight champion. ‘
’Albany opens its season against
two 'division 3 opponents at

. Brooklyn on Saturday. April 10.and

at RPI. Monday. April: l2 before

' hosting tough Cogate Wednesday. 1

Ion is undefeated:

 

"April2l. ' I a

' CAMPUS“
CONTRACEPTIVE
4- - CLINIC ‘
Call 457-3717
Noon-3:00pm
Monday thru Friday
Nurse; Counselor to answer

questions and make up-
pain/limits,

 

 

 

 

Faced with I $19,000 cut, perhaps, basketbaIILwIII be more history at
.' Albany State. ‘ . g

‘ #4

J

Qty/"Ive: H.000 from the surplus. Each yeart _ _ _
A-tlte neighborhood of SIZED, so‘jmost of the moneyevtould 
v " ' ilfear the depletionofthe surpl "

’ amineﬁeldhouse weal! dream ofwilleost morethan mutational-u. t
7,“)9 is I drop in the buck'et‘in the long mm bubble many have '

about is a temporary structure at best. and may well not be worth the

;: expenditure as it"s.Iife span is only‘7—l0 years. '
’ I ,g ,lt'ttrthe'rinore. current plans call for a lieldhouseto be funded via a special

activities fee to be paidi‘n return for 'ulap rights. . v
ll) Charge admission for all home football. soccer. and basketball games.

‘ ‘ I. At 51 a student. theftve home football games with average crowds of 3.000

 

Batters Take A Deubl‘e Hit

continual/from page sixteen
around to score when Mike Gamagc
stilt-d a one-hop shot off the
rig‘htcentcr fence. ~

But Cortland added three more in
their half of the fourth to putvthe
game out of reach. A walk to Ran-
dall. followed by three straight

singles and a wild pitch did the-

damage. leaving only the final score
in doubt.

Willouglthy‘s long home run over
the lcl‘tlicld fence -his second of the
young season in the home sixth

closed out the Danes‘ scoring for the

afternoon. ,
'Cortland‘s Paul Bian'co. went 'the
distance for the visitors striking but
ten while walking only four.
Albany‘s Craigturnedinal‘tnethree-
inning‘stint on the mound yielding
one run in pitching to only twelve
batters. V .
So you can count the Danes out.
of the SUNYAC race. although se¥

cond place is still a possibility. 'But. ‘

not unless they can muster a few'vic-
torics. '

would'g‘rons S I 5.000 alone. not including the cost or paying ticket collectors.

. 7 security. etc.

  
   

Yes, revenues would be generated. but dothestudents at SUNYA'desire to
pay a double tax (admission fee) for their home games?

Proponents of this plan say if students want sports. let them pay for them
themselves and thus prove it.

(I ll) Let‘ls cut football and volleyball. The football program has an annual
budget of $12,000. volleyball is at $3.500. andth‘ese arethe two newest sports.

There is no need to attempt to defend this suggestion.

I (W) the Bauman plan: cut non-spectator sports like golf. But what do you
save? Golf costs less than one-seventh of the “9.000. and a recent discussion
.' between athletics supporters and SA Controller Stuart Klein revealed that
cutting golf, fall baseball. tennis. volleyball. and a couple of women‘s sports
' would not produce the requested cuts.

Ladies and gentlemen of thejury. the case is actuallyclear-cut._This is not a
battle in which oneside compromises With the other. Members of AFC claim
Bauman promiser/a compromise, and then never came up with one.

Furthermore. despite'requests‘by Central Council for an itemized list of

what'Bauman’proposed to cut. the SA president has not produced said
eutlist. Instead; he apparently plans to cut 5 l9.000 as alump sum fromsome
area in the budget. probably administrative costs (student assistants,
supplies, etc.). V - ' 1 ' ,
. ,‘This is really a battle between proponents of intercollegiate athletics and
those who have‘little or no use for them. Acompromise is no! forthcoming.
so do not be' fooled. - Z

You are forewarned. Let your Central Council representative know where

you stand. Be counted now, because there is no tomorrow.

 

 
     
    

 

 v «- APRILS, 1976

 

VOLUNTEER
AMBULANCE

 ALL STUDENTS
REMEMBER

   

SERVICE,
INC.

ANNUAL SPRING
FUND DRIVE

 _' g = is now IN PROGRESS

we‘ve helped you, now help us.

ASK YOurv parents; to give generously when
they receive our brochure in

$- .50
$1.25,

 

 

PHRC

presents
 2 far 1 Double Feature
(seats for the first 1100 only)

“Take the

I”Odd Couple”

—Another good reason __
to go off-campus

Friday

Money and Run”
8 pm

9:45 pm

Take the
bus to Page Hall

-Downtown at Draper

w/ tax

 

,w/ out

WE’M

 

 

tnlﬁlrmmamilbmu I 2:2
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE FIFTEEN

 

 
   

 

 

 en’s «~51»: V’s».

