unnnnnu‘ m n} .

My montages: itselftwithal in vaster connections—above all in my  km of the then

_ . grandnewness  the Hudson" River Railroad; so far‘at least as its completion to .OAlbany was
; '  f concerned, a modern blessing that even the youngest of us were in a position to appraise.
I ’- , ' , . r . ' _ dieing Jan."

A neglected relic of a forgotten time,

Albany's Union (Delaware and Hudson)
Railroad Station stands on lower
Broadway near Pearl Street. It has been
nearly 10 years since its tracks Were up-
rooted, the hands on it's massive clock
stilled, and its loudspeakers silenced.

Proclaimed the glory of modernity at
its inauguration in l898, the Albany sta-
tion was a pivotal spot in the New Yorkto
Buffalo to Boston run. Trains carrying
wealthy vacationers or soon to be re-
united relations roared into Union Sta-
tion at all hours in all seasons of the year.

Whether as a destination or a changing ’ _ _ I

point; Albany gaily greeted all. The ' 4  ~ I.  ‘ ‘ ' - ' ‘
handsome Beaux-Arts or revival struc- ‘ - ~  . . v .' .. "'"
tures on Broadway invited the well off or
the high aspiring to stroll and window
shop. The City Hall and the Capital
presented inspiring visions of democracy
at work.

Soon however, the automobile began
to assert its dominance and the era of
glamorous train travel began to end.
Highways and cheap bus travel began to
supplant the railroads. Financial im-
peratives lorccd’ rail service to be cur-
tailed and Albany‘s Union station went
the way of its Beaux Arts cousin. New
York's Pennsylvania Station.

So for. Union Station has been spared
the wreckers ball. The station was sold at
auction in I974. Since then, plans to con-
vert the station into a museum. library, or
aquarium have not been realized. And
while its‘ late is in doubt, nature has been
claiming its prize.

0

ﬂower.“ Mm mm“
(

 1.». L.» ,4..~.,.,.»r

m slow mall. the lion today.

TM MM Main doc-yea and "turning to Mm rm "mm. Interior 00 Albany'e Union Mon. war a no an new». um

Mr‘ro.’ , 1976 STUDENT PRESS - PAGE 5A'
00' '

va._“.\.m.A- V ., ._

 

