he.
1‘

 

I  .

’INeandérthalMen

 Lunch Ladies

by David loansr
and new- ,
’17s: following is in response to Ed Moser's
"RCO'r Own Rhetoric" which run In october
I5th’s ASP. '

hypothesis: Subjects that fall within the
boundaries of upper simian and lower sapien
orderslcan be held entranced by use of a)
ﬂashing lights. b) rotating balls. and c)
rhythms of multi-syllabic speech. Although no
intrinsic meaning can be derived from these
symbols. the three categories can still inhibit
normal functioning. ie. ability to distinguish
between a) Latin and English, b) someone run
over by the E train and those that watched.

Principles! It has been suggested by Nate
Plankton Ph.D. LsmFl'. of Harvard Universi-
ty that the lower members of the higher orders
can be held in mental stagnation by the
rudimentary devices mentioned above. We
undertook a validation experiment of his prin-
ciples centering on item C (rhythms of multi-
syliabic language) of the stated hypothesis.
Our own research has led us to believe that
such primitive primates as the North
American Neanderthal (cooties erectus). or its
modern equivalent. the lunch ladies of PS.
l84 (eohippus moser) can similarly be made
mentally unfit for intelligent cognitive
response. Unfortunately, the State Senate was
in session and it became virtually impossible
to procure a genuine Neanderthal man.

Using Framp's law of “Classroom Recogni-
tion and Schedule Deviation." which states:
"Anyone who can sit in the wrongclassenrap-

tured by wordshe has no comprehension of
must either be a Neanderthan generic throw-
back or a lunch lady derivative; we isolated
our subject.

Procedure: Our confederates. an RCO 265
class and its instructor. spent a day talking in
nothing butqnultipsyllabie language using a
cadence that would allure a lower primate in
search‘of his Latin professor. Within minutes
a subject walked in. .

Observations and Results: The subject was
our theoretical absolute. As we led the en-
tranced undergraduate to his padded seat. he
did not seem to notice the placement of elec-
trodes through his skull. The professor put on
a toga and did imitations of Demosthenes.
Hitler and an Oriental woman. The students
combed their hair like Leo Gorcey and spoke
in multi-syllabic language. He responded by
craning his neck and showing no attempt to
conceptualize the spoken variables. He made
no motion to leave and seemed content to
listen even though he would have been happier
eating the chalk.

Discussion and Conclusion: Although we
would rather have gone to buy a hamster at
Woolworth‘s. we remained in the classroom
past the alloted time to measure how long
Plankton‘s theory would hold true.

It was concluded that we could have en-
tranced the subject for an indefinite amount of
time as long as the imitations were good and
we did not run out of scrabble-winners in the
dictionary. The subject smiled at all times.
then went out to sniff dittocs and kick ﬁeld
goals to himself.

Council Coup at SUNYA

by Stephen Almasl

A right-wing coalition of Central Council
groups staged a bloodless coup at the Univer-
sity at Albany today. Chantingsuch slogans as
"54. 40 or fight!" and "Remember the Parking
Lot!“. a disciplined mob of black-shined
freshmen cleared out the Administration
Building. placing its occupants under "house
arrest" in the fountain. WSUA announced
that Lieutenant General Faustus Mackerel.
president of “Fascists for a Hotter Lunch.“
had assumed the reins of government.

Members ofthc former administration were
later allowed to walk to their cars and depart
peacefully. Prior to this. however. Mackerel
had had their cars towed to Washington Park
in retaliation for the University Police‘s
harassment of students over Special Permit

regulations. Mackerel ordered all parking
barriers on campus grounds removed.

Mackerel's brother. Colonel Fernando
Mackerel of the UAS Regular Army. was
placed in charge of SUNY food operations.
All vending machines were rewircd to dispense
munchies at no charge. and cafeteria
stockrooms across the campus were fumigated
by workers in protective clothing. Colonel
Mackerel expressed with confidence that
within two or three weeks the cafeterias would
begin distributing edible food.

Ucncral Mackerel. at a press conference
held this evening. described himself as “a psy-
ch student with delusions of grandeur.”

Further announcements will be relayed by
Morse Code through the Carillon chimes.

there will be a bonfire tonight for parking
tickets and mission statements.

#1

oil's well at

the Wellington

To the Editor:

I would like to clear up some misconcep-
tions people have about the Wellington Hotel.
l'm tired of people saying, "You CHOSE to
live there?" Yes. I chose to live here. After liv-
ing on Colonial Quad for No years. I wanted a
change. Let me just enumeratesome of the ad-
vantages of living at the Wellington:

I) Everyone has a private room. They are a
little bigger than the rooms on the uptown
campus.

2) Private bathroom

3) Double bed

4) No requirement to be on any meal plan.
5) Only $600 per year.

No. it‘s not the Hilton, and there is the has-
sle of the bosses. but the friendly atmosphere
which prevails and the other advantages I
mentioned far outweigh the disadvantages
and make it a pretty nice place to live.

I'm not suggesting that everyone should
sign up for the Wellington next year, butthink
. twice before you assume that those who live at
the Hotel are here as a last resort.

Roberta L. Weiner

minorities missed

by mission

To the Editor:

The Black Action Coalition and the Caucus
for Women‘s Rightsjointogcthcr in deploring
and protesting the absence of any commit-
ment in the “Proposed Statement of Mission"
r to the needs. interests and rights of blacks.
other minorities and women. Our history has
told us that if we are not explicitly included.
we are implicitly excluded. The Coalition and
the Caueus share a concern over the
demonstrated failure of social consciousness
on the part of the writers of the “Proposed
Statement of Mission.“ Sucha failure is inex-
cusable in a document ofthis significance. one
which will determine the value system and the
educational and economic priorities for the
University in the coming years. It is particular-
ly inexcusable in a document which purports
to define this University as one concerned with
public policy and committed to social respon—

Uibility.
1

 

 

h

 

 

 

 

' comment

If the language of the Mission Statement is
to have any meaning. then this failure must be
rectiﬁed. The Mission Statement. in its final
form. must contain not only a strong and ex.
plicit commitment to the goals and procedures
of Affirmative Action; it must also be in-
formed by a commitment at every level and in
every aspect of University life to equality of
opportunity for blacks, other minorities and
women. And it must contain language which
clearly reflects this commitment. Only then
will the Mission Statement itself be a docu—
ment consonant withthe values it proposes for
this University; only then will it be itself a
socially responsible document.

Black Action Coalition
Caucus for Women‘s Rights

views distorted

Editor's Note: The following letter was ruli-
mitted to the Times-Union in response to ur-
tt'cles it ran concerningsimilaritier between the
SUN YA and University of Houston ItIfA'JflIIl
documents. Honeywell forwarded a copy of
the letter to the Albany Student Press.

To the Editor:

This letter is prompted by two articles which
appeared recently in your newspaper. both
focusing on the apparent overlap of mission
statements prepared for the University of
Houston and the State University at Albany.
In my opinion, the facts of the matter were
misrepresented in those articles. [‘ll’iillill'll)
stemming from the comments attributed to
me. My comments. obtained by your rcportct
through a long—distance telephone interview.
were apparently misunderstood. In my vie“.
there has been no impropriety in this matter.
and I am surprised that anyone would imply
that such has occurred.

The essential facts are these, Dr. Robert ('
Shirley had the primary responsibility ltlt
drafting the University of Houston mission
statement. Most ofthat document was wrincn
solely by Dr. Shirley on behalf ofthc Steering
Committee for the st tidy. The remainder of the
document. including the goals and objeclncs
for student development. was jointly written
by Dr. Shirley. myself. and other members of
the Committee and various task forces. In
both instances. all writing was reviewed and
commented upon extensively by the full Steer-
ing Committee. as is common practice in ct»
forts of this kind and as is reflected. I unders—
tand. by circulation oftltc draft Albany stud)
for response. To even imply that Dr. Shir-Icy
has improperly used parts of his own \tork lll
producing the Albany document is to me tin
conscionabfc. There are no issues of ctlues or
moralin here. Dr. Shirley was the cincf
draftsmun forthe study II'I llouston a nd Ls ltcc.
by any standards. to draw from the Houston
document as he sees fit.

Aside from the above issue. your ttl'lIL'fL'\
also imply that there should be no overlap Itl
such documents. I have t'cztdthc Albany docn~
ment and can find nowhere near u 20 pctccnt
overlap as you reported. The documc nt clear I\
focuses on Albany‘s mission. not Houston‘s
'l‘o even raise the point reveals a profound nu»
understanding of the nature of untyct‘stltcx
and the goals shared in common by all lll-
stitutions of higher education.

Dr. Wallace l. lltlllU)“L'“
Director. Mission Self-Study (NH-twin
University oi Houston

Emmett's Follies

To the Editor:

Lately. every time I d
something plagues me great I t I
long for mcto rcalitethut it wasn't just the lad
that I was about to receive more work to ptlc
on top of what I hadn‘t done the day hcltvtr.
rather. it was the sign that rcad“C()M Mllb 1-
'l'Y DAY OCT l6“. 1 realized what at I0“

rive to school.
ly. It didn't takc

letters

 

Albany" really is. Shouldn't we rather call it
“Emmett's Follies" (and I don‘t mean Kelly)?

I feel that we are painting a ﬁctitious picture
of the University to the Community. It is not
really a facility that is feeding the community.
or the students for that matter. what they
need. Last semester our "President"
eliminated two programs that. I felt. par-
ticularly hurt the community. He got rid of the
Nursing and Environmental Studies
programs. He said these were l)too costly and
2)too fragmented and diffuse. and thus must
be eliminated.

Our "Community" is begging for qualified
four-year nursing students. Did you ever look
in the want ads of a newspaper? There are
usually about four or five different ads asking
for qualified nurses. Instead. our "President"
wants to turn our school into a feeding ground
for bureaucracy. His mission is to be more
government-oriented.

Did you ever hear of governing nothing? At
the present rate ofconsumption. compounded
by the current rate of population growth. etc..
we are going to run out ofresources and living
space for people quickly. What our “Com-
munity“ needs is people qualified to deal with
these problems. These people were begin bred
in the Environmental Studies Program. Dr.
Fields said that the program wasn't complete.
that it lacked a central coherence. In his
despair over the diversity of issues and topics
dealt with in the numerous courses offered. he
failed to realize that the environment is an all-
encompassing thing. not a single isolated sub-
ject. It deals withcvcry aspect of life. If we con-
tinue to use up the earth's resources without
the people knowledgable enough to help deal
with these problems. I feel we will have no
community.

I realize that supposedly these issues were
decided already and the dust had settled. but
that sign is an irony which. I felt. couldn‘t be
left alone.

Richard Davicds
i’.S. One good thing about ()ld Emmett: he‘s
brought the faculty and students closer
together with a common problem.

overlap OK

To the Editor:

'lhe SUNYA Young Socialist Alliance
(YSA) thinks that the ASP is not really any
place to debate socialist theory, l’ttrticnlurly
before the eyes of many who are opposed to
any forth of socialism whether it be the
Socialist Labor Party‘s or the Socialist
Workers Party‘s brand.

lhcrcf'orc. we were surprised to see Mike
Leporc‘s lcttcr itt last l‘riday's ASI’which pur-
ports to be an objective presentation of the
SLP's and SWl"s political differences.

Some of us in tire YSA (which is ill pollticul
agreement with the Socialist Workers Party)
have talked with Mike generally (by no means
thoroughly. however) about s'ome of our
differences. l'hcsc conversations were usually
friendly in nature and so we were shocked by
his Ictlcr's sectarian tone and slanderous dis-
tortton of our vieWs.

llttving onlyjust begun what. we hope. wtll
turn out to be a fruitful and nonscctariun dis~
cussion with the SLl’. we fit the YSA wuuld
ncvcr presume to list before the campus com-
munity at large what We thought our
differences were. for fear of misrepresenting
the SLI"s views. We expected the same
courtesy frotn Mike.

As a rule. Marxists make it a point to be
thoroughly familiar with an opposing point of
View before they criticize it. Mike‘s letter
shows that he hasn‘t done this. Perhaps.
though. Karl Marx was one ol'thosc “intellec-
luul leaders" Mike was so critical of.

SUNYA Young Socialist Alliance

viewpoint

turn on the lights

To the Editor:

I am writing in regard to to the operation of
the campus fountains. l have heard stories of
the beauty of the fountains at night. When the
lights are on. Being a freshman. however. I
have never had the opportunity to witness the
event. I understand and approve of the ad-
ministration's position on energy conserva-
tion and therefore offer an alternative. The
fountains should be off between the hours of
four and seven o‘clock. a time when most
students are at dinner and few are watching
the fountains. This can be done either on
specified days of the week or for the entire
week. The resulting savings in energy can be
used to operate the fountains and their lights
at night.

David K. Nichols

Parker-hating,
power-hungry,
and petty?

To the Editor:

I am writing to the ASP concerning the
"Parker-hating. power-hungry. petty
politicians" to whom the editor of the ASP
referred in his editorial ol'Octobcr l5. ft is un-
fair of the editor to label all those who voted
for (jury I’arkcr's impeachment in this way.
lhc editorial completely overlooks the
possibility that those Council members who
voted in the affirmative had arty grounds to do
so. I he result of the vote was a matter of'judg-
ment on the part of Central Council. based on
evidence presented by the Pan Caribbean
Association and by the SA. Vice-President.
'l he relationship between S.A. and its
recogni/cd groups need not be further
ttggt‘tnutcd by editorial writing which is undu-
ly slanted. llopcl ully. future differences can be
resulted with less name-calling from in-
terested parties.

Jean Stabinsky
Central Councilperson
Indian Quad

Eclitorir Note: The editorial cited above
rtf/l'rrt't/ to "Iht‘ few power-hungry Parker-
ltttling putty politicians." Thirteen Count-II
members voted t'n/ktvor of SA Vice President
Gary Parker's impeachment.

who’s Columbus

To the Editor:
Why does I he Universitycommunity receive
a day off to observe Yom Kippur. while
Columbus Day goes officially unobserved?
Certainly Columbus Day is a holiday all
Americans observe. while Yom Kippur is
observed by one segment of our population.
While it is true that there is a large number. if
not it majority. of Jewish students at this un-
iversity. I fch it is unfair to ignore Columbus
Day. Whoever is responsible for choosingthe
days on which classes are suspended has a
blatantly biased set of values.
Name withheld

 

The Albany Student Press welcomes letters
to the editor. Letters' must be typewritten.
triple-spaced, and signed. Names will be
withheld on request. Please bring or send
letters to Campus Center Room 329 by
Wednesday for publication In the Friday
issue and by Sumlayforlhe Tuesday issue.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fields’ Missitm Plan Blows
DiMeo A Censored Dingbat

Student Food Co-op
Chastised As Shit Shop

VP Gary Parker Resigns; '
Sho wsNo Balls In Council

These headlines are not good journalism. They couldbe expressions
of free speech. They could be a sign of a newspaper's independence. But
they are not good journalism.

In essence. the Albany Student Press is a politically and financially
independent publication and it must use that independence wisely.

To ensure freedom of the press and judgemental objectivity, the
content of the ASP must be determined only by an editorial staff in an
atmosphere of complete freedom. The antagonism of student
government or any other campus body must not tamper with the
funding of a student press. Control of a man’s money leads to control of
a man’s mind. To avoid such mercenary mind meddling, the ASP has
chosen to accept no funding at all — from anybody.

But a newspaper must take care not to abuse the power is has. While
financial independence can enhance thejournalistic growth ofthe A SP.
ultimately only editorial competence can increase quality. Alone. all the
money in Exxon‘s bank account won‘t guarantee the ASP success in its
efforts to objectively discover. criticize. and communicate truth. And
the discovery and transmittal of truth is good journalism.

 

Quote of the Day:
Life is one long process of getting tired.
—Somue/ Butler

 

 

é , 39ng

MA S'I‘Illz‘AD STA FF

STEHIEN DZINANKA
Silence RAooto
(‘vts'rtnA HACINIJ
Rut'AN HOLZBERG
Lootst: MARKS
FLLEN Fmt:
lort't; FatocNuAuM

I-Inl'tott IN (‘llllil'
MANAotM: sum-II
Ntws I.I)I"“|'

AssottAts news cotton
PRODUCTION MAN mu

Assot‘IA‘rs nouncrttm mmrrn
I-IotrotuAt. eris unm-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Aius 8t "Atlantis tortotts.................... ..NAoMI FRIEDIANDER. Stet-tum EISENMAN
swim”, Ants Hum- MATTHEW KAUFMAN
Spout .. r MIKE l’lEKAltSKI
AssouAn \I‘t -- vm Fn Moses

 

LISA fill/NIH). DAN UAINES
....................BtuAN CAttILL
EILEEN DuooAN
MICHAEL J. ARDAN

 

onstmsmo Music. 

AssoctArr Auvctutsim. .tANAfilli
(SLAssn'tsD-uturrtrt MANH'HI
Busmgs Mature-

 

 

A.P. & Zodiac News: Alice Kohn. Robert Kwarta

Stttﬂ'wrt'lt'rt': llrucc Connolly. Joel l‘eld. Jonathan Levenson. Paul Rosenthal

Preview: Nancy [Emerson

Ill/ling At't'auntttnt: Carol Cotrtss

Payroll trtttnugrr.‘ Ellen l’ine

Cotttptut'lt'on Illtllltlgt’m‘.‘ lillcn lloisen. l’atrick McGlynn

Composition production: Jeff Aronowitz. Ilene l’feiffer. Atny Sours

llt'ad Iypis‘l: Leslie Eisenstein

Production: Rene Altman. Marc Arkind. Sally Ann llrccher, Karen Cooper. Joan Ellsworth.
Irene Firnnu. Judi llcitner. Sully Jagust. Dave Kart. Vicki Kurtzman. Denise Marten.
Debbie Ringer. Joan Silverblatt. Laurie Studwell. Stu Vincent. Jody Wilner

Atlverltlring production: Joyce llelttt. Kelly Kita. Debbie Kopf. Janet Meunier. Meg Roland

Administrative Assistant: Mike Forbes

The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during tlte school year except

holidays. Editorial policy is the responsibility of the lz‘tlt'lor-t'tt-Chleﬂ and lssubjet't to review by

the Masthead Stu/ﬂ Main office: Campus Center. Itoutn 129. 'IWepltotteNﬂ-lltiﬂ. Address mall

to: Albany Student Press. CC 329. [400 Washington Avenue, Albany. New York [2222.

 

 

 

Community Day at the "University “‘

 

 

 

a «5:1. '

 

 

 

 

 

 

