   

 

rm

 

‘  .;

 

  

, ' ’ott '- beina ing epidemie'fivill‘ break ottt'to liven up the
not at“ rovetl'nt'tllyam here. not evening. What fun.

to ' j ' oftheirliveﬂwhichare l have" been in the library four times in my

" ' ‘ ' ' rmmpyeaqnqemmetoumnmry
 The lights buzz. People
go to  library again and again, despite the
fact that the lights huzz.‘ But the same people
who choose to endure this buzz, have issued
the sortie of the coldest states I everexperienc-
ed while I walked through the library whistl-
ing The doctors and lawyers of tomorrow
from serious pursuits to read this column. are mttst study todaon get into grad schools. The
91"" that they won't‘be able to go to the ruination of acareer will beon yottr head. “My
'berry after l0 o'clock at tight. , son would have been a doctor, but someone
I know some of you feel that the library is wa whistling in the library.“ Mothers all over

the social capital on campus. “Wow, i met this the state will sob.

nice girl on the second ﬂoor. studying psych.” Some may feel I'm getting carried away.
Unfortunately. later. when this girl is asked “These are the seventies—students are more
“Hey, watcha doin' Friday‘nightT. she will concerned withcareers than campto life." I‘ve
reply “I've got to study." So much for interper- actually heard someone say, “They keep tlte
sonal encounters. ,And for some good clean Rat open late at night but the library closes at

 

 

 

~— .u.,,«-.~.M “
‘ g . . AWN/~5.

-. .\,.«-, A

  
 

 

4  in“ k d‘mw‘in' Ind . I '  boy, the priorities inthis school are really

screwed up!" But I guess if someone thinks

* they want to be an accountant, tltey would

rather spend Friday night inthe library than in
the Rat. .

Student leaders have come up with acourse
of action to protest the library situation.
There will be a study-in. Really. students are
going to bring their books io the library and
study. Here‘s the militant part: When they ans
trounce “it's l0:00, everyone leave", no one will
go. They will stay there all night, if'itecessary.
to prove that late hours at the library are need-
ed.

That‘s an idea I am behind 1000 %. As a
matter of fact. I think they should go one step
further. Every night of the week, the library
will announceclosing at 10. Anyone who wants
to stay. can. But they‘ll be locked in and must
stay there all night. I know i won't miss them
late at night at the Rat. or anywhere else.

Senior Sentiments

quiet hall?

To the Elton

. Swag“;

 

  

 

 

 

' vironment downtown and is bcginningit's

  
 

   

 

,'.~.~:.,.~'. .

"W5. :g—ﬁmeécﬁr ;...;;-;<

 W"? W: “7

~:. Va. (‘56:..va

 

   
 
  
   
    
  
  
 
   

‘msoap‘.

  

.. - .N-A~—»r\4n—441M-o¢ marownrmuenwmm.w V. a

 

hy Cary Scott Geldings

Thing just aren't the same anymore. at least
that's what I've been told.After all. this is my
senior year at an imtitution, whoops, institute
of higher learning, and your senior year is
something that you're supposed to reﬂect
upon with fond memories 30 or 40 years from
now (if you're still around).

I guess I‘m a member of a select group of
students that has been at this university for the
entire four year (or longer) sentence that socie-
ty has imposed upon us. Everyone knows that
to pt a good job one needs a good education.
Just ask any college graduate who drivesacab
or works in the post ofﬁce long enough to
qualify for unemployment. My goodness.
what are we going to do? The only thing we
know how to be are students. and some of us
even have trouble with that. Perhaps some
movie studio will hire us all as extras when
they do the sequel to “The Way We Were".

They'll probably call it something like “The
Way We Were Revisited" and ﬁlm it on the
Albany campus.

No. things just aren't the same anymore. l
mean the concrete is still there. but after four
years, well. it doens‘t look all that bad. (I
Jidn‘t really say that. did I?) Take Sutter's for
instance. My favorite burger joint in Albany
has changed its appearance . but thank
goodness the burgers are still cooked the same
way.Rcmember the Varsity lnn? Well it‘s not
there anymore. I haven't been there since
freshman year, but the notion of having Fatso
Fogarty's instead of the VI makes me feela lit-
tle bit older. Maybe mature is a better word.
The other day in the campus center. a
“younger” member of this university asked me
for directions to her quad. and she called the
“Sir”. Now that makes me feel mature. Maybe
older is a better word. Wow. can you believe
what they did to the Rat? It even looks, and

 

 

 

MASTIIEAD STAFF

Emma is cuter.

 

MANAGING [DITOI

QTEPHEN DZINANKA

 

NIWs lntroa‘
Astocun News [unols 

 

Plenum-ton MANH‘"
AssoctArt PIODUCTION mm"-
EntroatAt. Mitts tottoa..

 

Sr-ence RAGaro
mvtn szeuietto

 ANDIEA Henzaeao. CYNTHIA HACtNLt.

BRYAN HOLzaeac
LOUISE MAtttts

FIIFN FINE
Invce FEIOENBAUM

 

Arts It reAtueLs tntton.
AssoctAn Ans tntroa
Smars IDITOI

 

....NAoMt FatenLAnoen, STEPHEN EISENMAN

Mtrrttcw KAUFMAN

 

Anvu‘nssm.‘ MAN Aalas ...................................... ..

AssocrAn ADVIII’ISING MANAGI-
CLASSIHIDJJIAHITI tumor-s ........ ..
lusmrss MANAGta

 

MICHAEL PtexAttsttt
LtsA BIUNDO, DANIEL GAtNrs
................... ..BiuAN CAtnLt.
JANET Mermtea. KArttv LAM

  
 

 

 

AJ’. & Zarlicr News: Alice Kohn

Staff writers: Paul Rosenthal. Susan Miller. Jonathan Levcnsnn

Preview: Nancy Emerson
Ell/in]; armanlanl: Carol C ottiss

Campos/tin" managers: Ellen Hoisert, Patrick MeGlynn

[lead typist: letlie Eisenstein

Production: Janet Adler. Marc Arktnd. Karen Cooper. Eileen Duggin. Joun Ellsworth. Judi
Hettner, Sally Jagusl. Vicki Kurtrrnttn. Michele Lipton. Debbie Rieger. Joan Silverhlatt,

Laurie Studweli. Stu Vincent
Adrnirtirlrallve auimml.’ Mike Forbes

Advert/ring produr'littrr Joyce Bella. Kelly Kira. Meg Roland. Anne Wren
Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is publirhed rvery Tuesday and Friday during the school year except
holidays. Editorial policy it the rerpautiblllty of the [suitor-Inc‘th and it subject to review
by the Masthead Slit/f. Maln Off/re: Campus Center. Room 129; telephone: 457-8091. Address
mall to: Albany Studun Prue, CC 129. I400 Washington Avenue. Albany, New York [2222.

..MlKh ARDEN

 

 

 

charges. like a real bar now.

No, things really aren't the same anymore.
This is it, my senior year at Albany. After my
release in June. I'm going to go out into the
real u: "i. All those textbook theories I‘ve
been studying for the past four years won‘t
apply anymore. We‘ve got to prepare
ourselves for the inevitable. Foreseeing that
difficulties may arise, I‘ve taken a necessary
precaution. I‘ve been keeping up asteady cor-
respondence with someone on the outside
world. someone who has been keeping me
abreast of all current events as they're happen-
ing. and someone who has been giving me
some rather good tips on the horses at
Saratoga.

But don't worry. I‘m going to share my
knowledge with you. I'm going to help us
make it through these unsteady times. We‘re
going to escape from this place. We're goingto
make it over that concrete wall.

   

In the last issue of the ASP this past Spri
the was I letter concertting Pierce Hall. '
is not necessarily in response tothat letter 5
more of a second opinion.

Pierce Hall is the ulternativa residence:

 
   

 
 
 

  
 
   
   
   
   
 
  
 

  

 
 
 

  

cond year of existence. Alternative reside .
ﬁnds its basis in cooperation and ﬂcxibilit
amid a diverse student population. This
hopefully result in an experience whit
mirrors what will occur after school in “re
life situations." For example, \l'htll goes out
most dorms could never be gotten away wit
in an apartment. The goals of ulternati
residence, when attained, result in a feeling
community among residents; however, it
known that ideals are never achieved in
mediately. Pierce had many things goin
against it last year and it is amazing thtti
went as well as it did.

We were dubbed the “Quiet Hull“ hythetd
ministrators of the program even bcfotelh
year began (an unfortunate mistake). Th'
idea was reinforced by huvi 1g the quiet hour
policy as the main topics of :ontcrsrnionan
controversy for seven of the eight months it
were here. Though it is very impttrutnl lolh
maintenance of Pierce. the qlllcl hnun pain,
is not one of the basic principles luhich at
cooperation and flexibility). Iltcsc policit
will no doubt be discussed ut the hcginningo
this term and rightly so, as there lllC new
students comingin with different opinions-an
possibly some better ideas. llmtcwr, lh
lengthy discussions and repeated urgumcntso

 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

  

 
 
  

  

  

  

  

  

   

  
  

    
  

 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
    

  
  
   
   
   
  

      

believe this because the major problem (ha

large majority of freshmen that new givcna

housing. Many were notified of this “choice

 

Another Average Moron?

by Todd Miles

The race for the Presidency in 1976 is an
event of singularimportancctoeach and every
one of us. Whether you are wondering about
future semesters in college or agonizing over
post-graduation plans for next year. the fact
remains that the man hiding behind the "seal
of the President" for the next four years will
have a profound impact on your life.

Jimmy Carter and Jerry Ford will wage a

battle during the next ten weeks for the
prive/ege of being President. This is no small
responsibility. considering the precarious
situation which the United States finds itself
in. Our country was once viewed by the older
nations as the “Grand Experiment in
Democracy." America was the beacon oflight
which bcakoned to the oppressed pcoplcs of
the world. providing some small measure of
hope for relief.

Now’wc ﬁnd ourselves entangled intt wcbof
accusations, rccriminrttions and mutqu dis-
trust. lnstcad of looking to the future. we have
been swamped by our recent pust. Whereas

government" was once considered syn-
onomous wrth "people", it hits become unen-
my separate and somehow alienated from
people.

hor over a decade. we have witnessed events
which surely would have made James
Madison. Thomas Jefferson. and Co. wonder
wltethcr the fragile new nation might be
better off under King George than under our
present generation of lenders. Assassinations.
riots. terrorism, gucrilla warfare. and to top it ‘
all off. the landslide election oftt crook to the
White House. have resulted inu whole genera-

tion of young people who wonder if the
average moron off the street couldn't do it
better tobtltan the average moron in the White

House.

This is why the contest between l old And
Carter is so veryimportitnl. We must part i low
attention to every word these men m}. cm}
vibration they emanate. This year \\L' are butng
given a clear choice between two l'uturtw. or to
we are led to believe.

This column will attempt to focus ttllcnltttll
on the Presidential campaign. \mtntn
opinions will be offered. in hopes of stirring
controversy among you. the rcudcrs. “ )0“
wish to agree or disagree with them: opinions.
your written comments are welcome

In weeks to come. questions to he tllst'thll

\\‘Ill tncllulc'
1) Just how did a down-home, pettnuHurmtug
nuclear physicist from l’lttins. tieittt’lél
become the Dcmocrntic cundidutcl’ “M H
really the result of it brilliantly planned mut-
paign. destined to go doth itt history .I\ H
Classic political triumph. or is Jimmy ('ullcf
the product of u modern news ntcdut. ulm‘h
hungch for tltc heroic story it can dish out.
between commercials. to viewers gulhctctl
around dinner tublcs tit 6:30 each evening

2) Whttt is the future of Jcrr) "Ml"
Republican Party. u party which churns will)
20% 0f the registered voting population, but
which has controllcdthc White House lot In til
the lust 24 years? Will it survive the cunlllltl
election, or will it be rcplttccd by it new
coalition of young. indcpcndunt votcrh'.’

'3 Who is more conservative. l‘md ”'
Curler? Cnrtcr comes from it rural (icnlll'i‘

farm town. and is an active member ol the
Southern Baptist Church. Ford did unruly
rescue New York City, and he has il "will
Wife Whocondoucsgetling high and sex before
marriage. Do these inﬂuences on both men
tIllow us to peg thenias conservative orliberal!

last year will not occur once the pnllc) isset. ‘

 

 

this stemmed from has been alienate-dorm
105 residents living in Pierce lust hill and Sp!
ing, only 35 had requested :Illt‘rnitlll'
residence. The other 70 students L'Itnslhlcd of

 

 
 
  
  

ultimatum; live in Pierce or find ollcttmpu

within a week ofthe beginning or L‘lzthsr. .(‘l'h
author ofthe letter. published last \pfllngV ‘
ﬂctim of these circumstances.) lhiscztuse

    
           
    
        
          
          
          
      
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

