 

sat»?-

ﬁrm-woos. . .


E
E
l

 

 

'  universe

To the cats»
In a time of retrenchment. when resources

arescarce, the biasessndprejudioe‘s ofthis un-
iversity's higher level managmera inevitably
show themselves. While there is Ii;tt_le.that‘can
be done abora it. at the very least it seems that
itslrouldbe commented upon. I mean. perhaps
the people aren't conscious of their prejudices.

. andrneed to be enlightened.

President Fields and tire boys seem to lack
an appreciation for the sciences. This is not
surprising, since their records by and large
show they have no training in the sciences.
While the president has a gut feelingthat PhD
proyams in Iristory and English are vitally im-
portant to a university. he has no suchfeeling,
apparently. about astronomy. Yet it seems to
be only a gut feeling. I have seem no clear
arguments of his to support his position. He
apparently relies on the support of those
elements of the history and English
departments that would not be but if a few
“big guns” were brought in to lend reprttation
to the embattled program. Onno morethana
gut feeling and the support of Chancellor

.Boyer and other elemerus in the univasity
(none of whom have defended the position
other than to state that the PhD propams are
a priori vital to the university) he will even ig-
note the State Education department and in-
itiate a court suit. to win his point.

Astronomy is a ﬁeld which faces many of

' the same problems'as the ﬁelds of history and

English. Support for research from the
government is static or declining with each
passing year. Graduates have a difﬁth time
ﬁnding positions. The passing of the entire
astronomy department from this university
did not seem to phase President ﬁelds.

In my own mind. any acadentic institution
with a claim to being a university should
ﬁlmain', at the very least. an undergraduate

. program in astronomy. Much of today's

mathematics and physical sciences is rooted in
astronomy —- astrology developed in ancient
civilimiom. " Astronomy concerns itself
with the universe of which the earth is only an
inﬁnitessimal ﬂeck of dung. In the develop-
nrent of human society on earth it has been ap-
parently possible‘thus far to mostly ignore
what lies beyond the earth's atmosphere. but
for how much longer will this be possible?

.r .m-FI-éld-A more Moment:
tla green  come in to your office for s'vvlsit
one day. I hope they don't‘mlisd waiting while
you call over to.Hsrvar’d or Stony, hook for
acumen who can relate to being who have
never read Keats or studied the decline sndfall
of the Roman Empire, but seem to be in-
terested in how old the earth is and wherethey
might ﬁnd a place to recharge their neutron
drive. . -

Andy Detwiler
Dept. Atmospheric Sciences.

waste paper

To the Erltor:

I honestly feel that one day we will awaken
and ﬁnd out that there will be nosuchthingas
teachers or students anymore. The only thing
that will remain are administrators who will
pass memos among themselves until they die.
At this time I would like to notifythe universi-
ty community of another example of ad-
ministrative waste.

According to the research of Professor Ber-
nard K. Johnpoll of our Political Science
Department and followed up my myself,
maybe a teacher's job could havebeen saved.
Firstly, was it of utmost importance to change
the name of the school from the'State Univer-
sity of New York at Albanytothe University
at Albany. Alas, with anew name must come
new stationary and of course a new logo with
the stationary. The old one color stationary
cost $4.80 per 500 pieces. or about less than a
penny a piece. The new stationary with its
multi-color logo and new letterhead costs
S l 8.60 per 500 pieces or about 3.5 cents apiece.
Maybe with this wasted money Professors
Knight and Brown could still havetheir jobs.

Josepb Caﬁero

 

The Albany Studem Press reserves the
sole right to print or cdlt letters to the
editor. Submit’letters, TYPEWRITTEN.
to: Editorial Pages Editor, Albany Stu-
dent Press, CC 329. I400 Washington
Avenue. Albany. NY 12222. The ASP
will not publish urtrignedlgtters: names
will be withheld on request. Keep those
cards and letters coming in. but
remember.-

'hcvity ls the soul-of wit.‘ '

 

 

 

L ‘sajssroanrrAt. asrAcLscouase' S-

Theslghtd'arolli “wmnims-maotntu AmonbousctthM'rcutm
.. . .

strongesth is t ‘,
wlich progrssively eliminates one
the point . . .ywhere
Carter or Senator Humphrey.

Butt primary trial is an obstacle course

"  after-soothinthis process. '. '. has nowr'eaebed .
it would be a big surprise if the nomination went to anyone beyond Mr.

—11rr Times. London, England (independent).

Obviously. Mr. Carter‘s choice of words [“ethnic purity”] recalling the fascist jargon of the

past, was imprudent in the extreme. . . Mr. Carter spea ' _
about love and God. . . “I will never tell a lie," he says often. . . A diligent search goes on for

ks to audiences without embarassment

little lies he may have told, but the more cogent doubts about him concern something else, a

reluctance to take unambiguous positions on

matters of policy.

—The Economist, London. England (independent).

The talent of this strange politician (Jimmy Carter). . . is that he apparentlyunderstood the
American people's desire once again to believe in something after the rough times of Vietnam

and Watergate.

~Francc-Solr. Paris, France (liberal).

No one can say that Mr. Carter will ﬁnally get the nomination but these days he is being given
the kind of serious look that old-fashioned mothers in India give to their prospective daughters-
in-law—critical and quietly hopeful. Mr. Carter does not seem to mind.

-—M.V. Kamath, Times of India. Bombsy/ New Delhi. India (independent).

The panorama offered by the U.S. in its electoral process is poor indeed. since none of the
aspirants show the qualities of originality, imagination. and intelligence which should be
required of the individual who occupies the White House next January. This situation is not

unique to the North American nation. In most

of the world’s countries there is an abundance of

good politicians and a scarcity of real statesman. ,
—-Francisco Fe Alvarez, Excelsior. Mexico City (moderate).

Ford has yet to show that Grand Rapids thinking can solve America‘s problems but he . . .

should be seeninthe light of the competition . .
. 0n the Democratic side the current front runners are Jimmy Carter. a politician

lot meaner . .

Ronald Reagan is at least as conservative and a

with more positions than a sex manual . . . and Hubert Humphrey who has been retreaded so

often even his rubber tongue shows signs of wear.
—Waltcr Stewart. Maclean's. Toronto, Canada (independent).

KISSING Ell IN AFRICA

Dr. Kissinger will be told bluntly that . . . southern Africa is not part of the U.S. “sphere of

inﬂuence” .

. . The leaders of the “frontlinc” African states—Botswana, Mozambique,

Tanzania, and Zambia—believethat the southern African question must be resolved by Africans
if a new Indochina-type confrontation between the major powers is to be avoided.
-—David Martin, The Observer. London, England (independent).

Although the trip will mark a new and higher proﬁle of U.S. policy in Africa. it is not expected
to end American isolation as the only western country that does not recognize the new

government in Angola.

—-The Guardian, Manchester, England (liberal).

African leaders are going to want to know

. . . American intentions in the event the war in

Rhodesia becomes more intensiﬁed. Are the Americans going to enter theﬁghtingon the side of
the minority regime? Are they serious when they threaten Cuba?
—Weckly Review. Nairobi, Kenya (independent).

The lesson which Dr. Kissinger is learning rather belatedly is that Nigeria is no longer
prepared to tolerate the bully which he represents in world diplomacy. . . We do not want him.
——Nigcrlon Observer, Lagos, Nigeria (government-owned).

°l976 World Atlas Review

The CIA in the Great North Woods

by Walter Stewan‘

Walter Stewart is a columnist for the fort-
nightly "Mac/can't of Toronto, from which
this is adapted by Atlas World Review.

The news that the CIA has been tramping
around the world plotting to do in foreign
leaders with exploding shellﬁsh. poisoned
darts. and doctored cigars has put me into
something of a dither. The general U.S.
response to this information, and to reports
that the FBI had conducted a campaign of ly-
ing and spying against U.S. citiseru. was mix-
ed. Most Americans were outraged at the FBI
but not at the CIA. The distinction. apparent-
ly. was that the CIA operated mainly against
foreigners and the FBI mainly against
Americans. Hiring the Maﬁa to poison Fidel
Castro was okay; sending threatening notes to
Martin Luther King was not.

Washington commentator Hugh Sidcy told
us on television the other day to remember
“the atmosphere in which these actions took
place.” It was a time. he said. when “if we had
any worries about the ClAit was whether they
were tough enough.“ The FBI's actions,
however. were “despicable.” I found the lop’c
hard to follow. Sen. Walter Mondale was
cheered by the fact that so many plots went

PAGE TEN

haywire; it showed. he thought. that
Americans make burn murderers. In fact the
CIA seems to have been cleared more by good
luck than had management. '

0

Accordingly. I was a troubled man when l'
trotted around to the Pentagon to seek solace
from an intelligence operative who works out
of the basement there. Col. 8. Plan was ob-
viously expecting me. "I thought you‘d be
around." he said. "I suppose you're all upset
about this CIA thing?“ ’

“Well. I am, a bit. I can't help wondering
where this leaves Canada."

Arching a superbly molded eyebrow. Pion
waved me to a chair. “What..‘ he wanted to
know, “has this to do with Canada?"

I stammered. “Well. if you're going to go
around assassinating foreign leaders. you‘ve
got to see how nervous that makes your
neighbors."

“I don't see at all." he replied. “kindly ex-
plain."

“Take this business of Castro,dustingtoxin
on his boots to make his beard fall out...would
you do something like that to us? I mean.it's a
well-known fact that Prime Minister Trudeau
is not as...hirsute as he once was...”

“My dear fellow," interrupted the Colonel,
“what absolute nonsense. Canada is our

dearest friend. our closest ally. No one would
dream of such a thing."

“Yes but suppose we were to elect
somebody you didn't approve of'lWhat if, for
example. Canada was to elect an NDP [New
Democratic Party] government. and it went
around nationalizing American ﬁrms like
Chile?

“NDP?” asked Pion. “Isn't that a musical
group? I‘ve got something in my ﬁles about
Red Ed and his Lightly Lefties but I always
assumed it was a band."

lsaid no. it was a political party.

“Ah. and who is this fellow Ed?"

That would be Ed Broadbent. He‘s con-
sidered by some people to be a strong
nationalist.

The Colonel was scribbling something on a
pad."And what does he SAY?"

“He says Americans have too much power
in Canada."

“'Not to worry." said the Colonel. still
scribbling furiously. “everybody says that
these days. I can assure you we would take no
action in a case like this.

“When would you take action?"

“'Only when vital American interests were
at stake. We don't go around the world trying
to play God. you know. we simply act in our
national interest. In Africa. for example, or

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

the Middle East. or Asia, of course. or
Europe-lot of American investment in Eu-
rope. South America, too. also Antarctica, the
North. Melanesia, the West Indies-a few
places like that."

I said that was a great relief.

“Besides,wc‘ve cleaned out that old lot; the
CIA is getting a new chief, far removed from
political pressures."

“Who is that?"

“George Bush. Former chairman of the
Republican National Committee. Anyway.
you‘ve read the report. We're considering
making it illegal. positively against the law. to
run around ussassinating foreign ofﬁcials dur-
ing peacetime. What more do you want?"

That was nice, I said. but sometimes, in
Vietnam. Laos. Cambodia. it was hard for an
outsider to tell when the U.S. was at War.Who
would decide?

“Oh. 'I think we can safely leavethat tothe
President."

“Who will act on the recommendation
of...'l"

“The CIA. of course,"

I told the Colonel he had lifted a great
weight off my mind.

I “Think nothing of it." he replied. “Oh. and
just one thing This fellow Broadbent -do you
, know if he eats much shellﬁsh?"

MAY 4, 1976

 

 

sconcedes, the electionlis over. Jim levenaon conceded Friday morning.“
SA. Supreme Court Italics Ira lee Hrnbautn.

commenting on the Court’s decision to not. allow Jon Levenson to run in the ritual]? I

5i  MW"!

 
  
 
  

 

 

   

  

     
   
      
    
    
 
   
   
    
 
   
   
    
     
 
   
   
   
    
   
   
  

 

Farry Tale?
Once upon a time, tucked away in a small corner onthe third ﬂoor
Center at SUNYA, there exis‘ asmall kingdom. Fewknewywhatthe n omdi

and, to be perfectly honest, few cared. - -
Every year around the en
peaceful hideaway and created such fuss and bustlevthat, momentarily, they attracted
the attention of some of the students that attended the scholarly university. 
subjects of the kingdom scampered about the campus pasting up signs, handing out
leaﬂets, and drap'ng banners across stairwells in an effortto make themselves known.

The busy subjects spoke of elections to the somewhat puzzled students. “Electionsl‘f
they laughed. “Elections for what???” I -

Finally, the subjects were able to convince some students that the kingdom was in
search of a new king, a new crown! prince, new lords and nobles, and other subservient

workers. It amused the students to watch the serfs of today working hard to become
the kings and crownprinces of tomorrow. .

And so the days of the great decision came. “Who will be our new king?" murmured
the serfs. “Who will replace us?" wondered the incumbents. “Who gives a crap?"
laughed the students.

Nonetheless. the students ﬂocked to the polling places in ones and twos. By the time
it was all over, almost a visible minority of the students had taken part in the selection
process. The votes had been cast. and the subjects of the kingdom gathered together in
their nook to tally them.

Deep into the night. they counted and counted. When all the votes were ﬁnally
tallied. tw0 candidates emerged carryingthe bulk of the vote. But neither of them had a
sufficient number to win. Thus it looked like they would be dcadlockcdinarun-off.
Meanwhile, some of the subjects grew weary of their task. They were countingthe

  

  
     
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
      
   
   
     
   
     
   
  

  

  
   
  
  

  
  
 

focus

" $475 INCREAS‘S

9621qu 0)“

@I976'ﬁERBJ—OCJ'L

The Millionaire

How many of you out there in the studio
audience remember the show “The
Millionaire?“ in the show it philunlhropist.
John Bcrcford Tipton weekly signed over it
check for one million dollars payable to it
ncedy person of his choice. His courier,
Michael Anthony, would deliver the check to
the dumbfounded recipient.

This show. offthc air for a number of years
now. was recently rc-rcleascd with two new
stars: Barbara Walters, the recipient, and
William Shcchan. president of ABC News. the
philanthropist.

Miss Walters. co-hosl of the NBC "Today"
Show has a contract which runs out with NBC
in September, subsequently ABC tried to woo
her to their side. Their offer must have
appealed to her because she signed with ABC
and will belcaving NBC inthc ncrrr future. She
will become a major personality of ABC News
and the co-anchorpcrson with Harry
Reasoner. of the ABC cvcning now. She will
become the world‘s highest paid ncwscnstcr
having signed a one million dollar it your con-
tract with ABC for the next ﬁve years. Miss
Walters will bcthe first woman ever to present
the evening news over a major television
network. She reacted in the following manner
to the announcement of her contract signing
with ABC: “I'm leavinglNBC) with nothing
but the happiest feelings. It's not a mutter of
whose offer was better (NBC's offer to keep
her versus ABC's offer to got her. that is). I’m
not so concerned about money. (italics mine)
This is n breakthrough for all of us injour-
nulism." (Herc referring to the fact that she
will be the first woman to regularly broadcast
the evening news.) 1

When I came ucrossthc ubovc italicized line
while reading the newspaper at breakfast I
almost choked on my scrambled eggs, if she
was so selﬂessly committed to the cause of
journalism she would have taken the job for

fifty thousand dollars a your. own though the
position Ill ABC wasn‘t bcing offered forthat
pricc.

When you Itllk about one million dollars
there is no way you ctrn‘tbc“conccrncd about
money." Inﬂation or no inflation. one million
dollars is It lot of money.

What scams less than propcr about the
whole to-do is the fact that thc fanfare sur-
rounding it resembled more that of a movie
quccn signing a part in a major motion pic-
ture than that of u journalist changing job
assignments.

Jocn Chancellor. Walter Cronkite. and
Harry Rcusoncr maintain popularity and
appeal with certain segments of the viewing
audience. and one can cvcn go so far to say
that since thcy ure TV stars ofa sort they have
n certain number of fans who watch them
rcgulrrrly.

O.

The difference between these three
gentlemen and Miss Walters is that not only
docs she have a loyal following. but. in addi-
tion. shc solicits fans. She loves the role of be-
ing the scmi-journnlist. semi-entertainment
figurc.thn was the lost time Chancellor.
Cronkite. or Reusancr sub-hosted the
“Tonight Show." as she did last year?

liarbrtrrr Wultcrs.though. isn't the sole party
to be looked upon in u cynical manncr. ABC
News after all initiated the contract offer,
which prompted NBC to meet ABC's offer
nlmost dollrrr for dollar-nppurcntly to no
avail. What some athletes have brought to
sports with their outrageous salaries. ABC
News has brought to their newsroom in the
person of Barbara Walters. In both cases
these people are getting paid morethun they're
worth.

The evening now should be your window to
observe the world. ABC is apparently more
concerned with the window dressing.

' votes for the sclcction of candidates to the kingdom's most secretive house of lords,
:1 commonly known as Myskunia. “Why count?“ snickercd one ofthc subjects. “We can
just throw all the ballots up in the air. take every fourth ballot that hits the floor,

multiply that by the square root ofthc number represented in the alphabet by the ﬁrst
initial of the candidate‘s last name who is circled ﬁrst on that particular ballot. That
should give us at random sample. no?"

“Wencccccecclll” shouted the subjects as they run about the chamber tossing ballots
up in the air. “isn’t this fun!“

After they had finished with their cantankerous count. they pondered a means of
disposingwith the nasty ballots. "Well," one subject thought aloud. “whenthe king had
nasty tapes. be burned them. And when one of the king‘s serfs had a nasty Council
agenda. be burned that. 50...“ Their faces lit up with joy, as the ballots burst into
ﬂames.

Ah, yes, back to the run-off. One of the candidates for kinglater conceded,but still
later he didn‘t. and even latcrthan that the king‘s supreme sorcerers ﬁnally decided that
he really did.

But, in the midst of all that, one of the candidates for crown prince offered the other
- “A "‘ for crown prince the job of counting coins if he agreed to drop out of the
race. All of the subjects in the kingdom scurried about spreading rumors and
accusations about different deals that were being made.

They played and played until they had run out oftimc and energy. And where did all
of their playing get them? The students who hrrd taken the time to look laughed harder
than ever before. th deep in their hearts. the students hoped that someday the people
ofthc kingdom. subjects and rulers alike. would cease their dailyjoustingand advance
into a period of Renaissance. Only then might the laughter ﬁnally die.

(I of April. the subjects of'the kin dam emerged fro 'thei ‘ ’

 

 

MASTHEA D STA FF

STEPHEN DzINANxA
SPENCE RAGoIo
 DAvrn WersLnarro
ANDREA Haazuaso. CYN'I'IIIA HAcrNu
Loursa MAaKs
ELLEN FINE. PIIIL MoLTea
KaN WAx
NAOMI FarsoLANDaa. STEPHEN EIsaNMAN
NATHAN SALANT
MICHAEL PIaKAssKI
II-‘ultv ALsascur. Les ZUCkExMAN
................................. ..LISA BIuNDo

 

 

Eurros IN CHIEF
MANAGING sorro-
Nrws surm-

AssocrArs: NEWS solroas .................................... ..
I’aooucrroN Mum‘s-

Assocrm ssonucnon MANAosas ........................................ ..
Emroxltr. moss surm-
Arrrs a. rsArrIars surross ...................................... ..
SPOI'I’S sorros

AssocrArs sroa'rs surm-
onsarrera "WAN-n

AssocrArs onzsnsmo MANtora ..... ..
CrAssIsIzbvcsArrm mm"-
 usual‘ll

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.DANIsL O‘CONNos

Preview: Joyce Fcigenbaum

Billing: Suc Domres

Composition manager: Ellen Boisen
Assistant Composition manager: Patrick McGlynn

Ileatl Iypirl: Leslie Eisenstein

Produclion: Janet Adler. Patty Ahcrn. Joun Ellsworth. Judi Iicltncr. Marge Hogarth. Vicki
Kurtzmun. Kuthy Lum. Marc lave. Tania bevy. Michele Lipton. Rich Mermelstcin. Janet
Mcunicr. Susan Miller, Debbie Ricgcr. Joan Silverblatt

Advertising production: Jeff Aronowitl, Brian Cahill, Kelly Kitn, Anne Wren

Graph/cs manager: Rubens Goldman

Atltninlstralivc Assistant: Jerclyn Kaye

Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is published every Tussda y and Friday during the school year except
holidays. Edi/aria! policy is the rcspomlblllt y of the Miter in Chlrf and subject to review by the
Masthead Slit/I. Main ofﬁce: CC 329.- Islephana: 457-8892. Address mall to: Albany Student
Press. CC 129, I400 Washlnglon Avenue. Albany. NY l2222. FundrdbyStudentAsroclatlon.

 

 

 

 

         

    
       
 
    
       
   

  
 
  
   

   
   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

