   
   
  

 

gm

 

..- _ .m .W..A. {Kruﬂsh

 

 

emu.“ .

.f‘ti'etsmb‘aoonmmeut


ms”: marlin the party u-
been “II!me 57. regarded:
a camped-e candidate between the

   

quarreling radicalsled by Mao's.

widow. Chiang Ching, and t]:
moderates led by followers d‘ the
lie Prem‘nl' Chou En-lai and la‘s
potege. ousted Vice Premier Teng
Hsiao-ping _
But the succession to the charr-
manship was uncertain and severe
jockeying for power had already
been going on for some time. The of-
ficial Peking People's Daily receme
hinted of “armed struggle' between
the two factions. although no repa'ts
of bloodshed have surfaced
The 82-year-old Mao died at 1210
a.tn.—l2:lO p.m. EDT
Wednesday—the Hsinhua news
apncy said. He had been ill for some
time and had acted more as a
mediator in China‘s affairs than a
day-by-day boss of the coumry.
Hsinhua said no foreign
governments or groups would be in-
vited to send representatives to a
memorial rally set for Sept. l8.
The news agency did not ﬁve the
cause of death or say where Mao
died. American and other recent

condolence. bi hd lollies for
the man who W the Kremlin
as it did ideolop‘al my.

The Cemral Cmitce «dried a
moaning  to last and tb
memorial rally in Peking no Sell.
l& The rally is to as". will all
Clinmc, “wherever they me.“ start-
dings! attention inaileIuibtaefur
three minutes.

Govt amused

After the announcement.
Japanesr correspondents said
crowds gathered before a hr; por-
trait d Mao in Peking‘s hu' Tten
An Men Square and our Mao's
Peking residence

The road to a maer Peking
hospital was doeed to all his official
can. the Japanese eorrespondetns
added.  Mao‘s body might
have been taken there.

Hsinhua said all recreﬂional ac-
tivities would he  after
the rally, and Mao's body world lie
in state in Peking‘s Great Hall of the
People from Sept. 11-17.

The rallv will be hroadtast live on
radio and television. llsinhtn said.
and all factories and communities
were told to annoy for the masses
to listen or watch.

Mac was the last of the gear

 

QUALITY
EDUCATION

BE! .INS AT
GAFprintEirpress
Centers

 

 lasammuaaazaenuamuaaga
I!

 

“ammonium-senate
Waggon-assess

 

 

 

Eélﬁewlett-Packard
ocket

"tweeter:
1!

Maine.

Calculators

The pocket calculators by which all others
. For scientists. businessmen.
mu. Bring your toughest problems

ltd put them through their paces. right in

  
 

streemssmsnm

 

ON SALE NOW AT DISCOUNT PRICES

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

leaks who ' . _
Cohum'at revoltnion

.  lave skeedy baseline of
' segments... Besideethe

  editorial Monday

mediore'ng ‘s'ettling old scores” and

“armed 'strude,‘ tuber recent

elites“ I'VE cushioned, against

sabotage by “class enemies."
However. these he been no speciﬁc
report of trouble.

There’was no explanation of the
reason for, the warnings. which also
ira:luded an admonition that railway
eommutn'catiotl must not be imped-
ed. These portions were excluded
when Hsinhua braodcast the
etitorials in English

Mao‘s death also comes amid a ,

call in the Chinese press to step up
the campaign to criticize Teng
Hsiaoping. former vice premier.
who was ousted earlier this year.

Some factional squabbles have
been reported recently, with conten-
ding gro .ps rising the anti-Teng
ampaign to criticize their foes.

Given the short and inconclusive
ﬁve months Hue has been in the
number two spot and the vaulting
ambition of other contenders, the
earnest for the chairmanship—the
most powerful job in China—could
escalate rapidly.

This is suggested by the violence
which swept Peking and other major
cities in early April when Teng made
his ill-timed bid to become premier
and was ﬁred by a still vigorous
Mao.

There was no immediate indica-
tion who might emerge as successor
to Mao. leader of the People‘s
Republic since he declared its foun-
ding onOct. 1. I949. Underthe pany
constitution of I973. the central
committee of I95 members must
choose the chairman.

Nber Two Men

Hua. the relatively obscure former
security minister who was made
premier when Mao ﬁred Teng. was
named party vice chairman at the
same time mdking him China‘s
number two man

Hua. 57. is regarded as occupying
a middle ground betWeen the
quarreling radicals and moderates.
But he may not have had time to en-
trench himself securely at the top.

Among other contenders for
Mao's job are Chiang Ching 62. a
member of the party Politburo; and
her three radical proteges. Wang
Hung-Wen, about 40. the Shanghai
boy wonder raised by Mao from the
factory assembly line to a party vicc-
chairmanship for his services in the

l966—69 Cultural Revolution; Chang
Chun-chiao. about 58. ﬁrst vicc
premier and member of the Polit-
buro Standing Committee. and Yao
chyuan. about 51. critic and Polit-
buro member whose bitter attacks
on the establishment touched off the
cultural purge in I966.

The moderate candidates include
Yeh Chicn-ying. 78. Chou's old
crony who is a party vice chairman
and defense minister. and Li Hsicn-
nicn. a vice premier. Yeh and Chen
Hsi-lien. commander of the Peking
units of the army. presumably would
have strong military backing but age
and sporadic ill health complicate

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

sous Ahtu (AP) Mrs  new???“
trouble if ‘9 “'9 C'P' Tm "aw", . "I'm" mung
mime ins‘tlic'rllélb‘  rm m m  “a 15‘." '2
woundemmlsﬂ'rHWHMWWmmuf‘ms“ "9‘?"
at least all since mid-June. Police puam.muq""l‘°'5‘°"""'9‘“
tramway. the diamond-rhinitis mil“- " “l‘ Tm." “1,”, WW"
scheduled to become an indeme “Sam” "5” "Wh'Pﬂ' mm.“ at
a mission school near Umtata. the capital. VII M Mr" 4W!“ “Isht-

Police said arson was supected.

Prleoner Strlke Wlne SyInpethy O
MEXICO CITY (AP) American prisoners lave ended a hunpr strike an"
36 hours and expressed gratitude to the Mexican government. for taking
initiatives that oculd bring freedom to hundreﬁ of  in Mexican
jails. the Interior Ministry ahnounced: President LII! Echevcma proposed
legislation on Sunday that could result in parole before the end of the year {or
many of the drug offenders among the 57?Arnencem In Memnpnls. Most
of the Americans were convicted of trying to smuggle drugs from South
America through Mexico to the United States.

. .m Veto Vlet’e U.N. std . _ __
3ASSHING¥0N (AP) President Ford faces a key foreign policy decision on

whether to veto a Vietnamese bid for United Nation membership. While not
ruling out the possibil’ty of a U.S. abstention when the vote comes up Friday.
ofﬁcials suggest that American dissatisfaction with Vietnam's policy toward
U.S. servicemen listed as missing in action probably will lead toan American
veto of Hanoi's bid. Since the collapse of ll: U.S.obacked Sargon
government, Vietnam has normalized relations with all hon-Communist
nations in Southeast Asia. offered its friendship to Washington. called for

' expanded trade with the Western democracies and treated supporters of the
old Saigon regime with restraint.

Ford Malntalne lsraell Support

WASHINGTON (AP) Ford met with the Jewish group today and in
prepared remarks he vowed to defend Israel in the Middle Fast and the
United Nations and to ﬁght against Arab boycotts and international
terrorism. “I mean business." Ford said. expressing “moral and legal
opposition to the Arab boycott of Israel." Ford said that while he has been
president the United States “has helped bring about a momentum toward
peace that has no parallel in history.” And he noted that l’lls budgets
contained 84 billion for Israel. pledgingthat “the U.S. will stand ﬁrm In us
commitment to Israel's security and survival."

Strlke Delays School Opening ' .

BUFFALO (AP) A token two-hour school day was msututed today for lht‘
rest of this week in the 56.000-pupil public school system. as members of the
Buffalo Teachers Federation began the third day of their strike. The major
issues in the dispute. according to BTF spokesmen, are I restoration of
program cuts and maintenance of contract language on maximum class rut
andjob security. The union is also rcqucstinga l5 per cent wage hike. but has
indicated this is negotiable.

Mleconduct; Old Hablt at West Polnt I.
WEST POINT, N.Y. (AP) They pass alongcxam questions at meals. lhcy
lie about attendance. They steal athletic equipment. And. according tn
affidavits signed by cadets accused in the U.S. Military Academy's blggrSl
scandal. they do so with abandon. In the lSl afﬁdavits shown to lhv
Associated Press on Wednesday. some 60 cadets charge nearly 700 “1th
cutlets with flaunting the honor code by lying. cheating. stealing. ﬁxing cum
beforc the cadet honor committee and tolerating those activities.

Prlson Parole Reform

STORMVILLE. N.Y. (AP) The state‘s prisoner parole system is falling shun
of its rehabilitative goals and is in “dire need" of changes in hcunnlL‘
procedures and eligibility requirements. says state Assemblyman $11101“)
Fink. The Brooklyn Democrat. following a four-hour meeting Wedncsd‘d.‘
with inmates at Green Haven state prison.said he agreed with many prison“
criticisms of the parole system. Fink. the chairman of the Assembly L ndux
Committee. said inmate demands for earlier eligibility and other WWI“
reforms were “not outrageous. outlandish or new."

Emplre Stakes—A Wlnner

ALBANY. N.Y. The state‘s treasury is starting to get some return ugznn
Killer 8 IO'A-month dry spe|l~from the much public'ued state lottery l lt‘kL‘h
in the government's new instant-winner game of chance went on Mllt‘
Wednesday. They were the ﬁrst legnl lottery tickets sold in the stnle um
00v. Hugh Carey shut down the lottery last Oct. 22 because of computer and
administrative foul-ups. The new gnme.dubbcd “Empire Stakes." product-d
at least two immediate “jackpot” winners. The new lottery is supposed to
produce 560 million for the state's coffers by next March 3|. the end of this
fiscal year.

 

 

3 ‘ m" mm" . Abuelve County Taxation ,

: , l H AF“ many Clam“ leaders 3" ROCHESTER. N.Y. (AP) In a court case which could free counties from

: "menu." and "nous “Pom 3“ paying for welfare. Erie County lawyers claimed New York State W1”

— cglmwclmy' in.” are sildom "mindlessly imposing abusive taxation" by requirins ll” “’“my ‘0

me WESTERN AVE II II  n: n o “wlll Chi "c" contribute to state-mandated welfare programs. County “mm” 13m” 

“9.41" P“ m I m‘ Magavern said Eric it a courtly with a small tax base and a larEc ""ml‘c'l .

'ﬂwutlm welfare recipients. In his appearance Wednesday before the APP‘HJ‘f

3’  0“ MIDDLE EART""‘”7'”°° Division of state Supreme Court. Magavern said the county‘s One-qwm'
W 2‘ "on" n D” share of most welfare programs is “a crushing burden.“

FAGE Two ALBANY STUDENT PRESS SEPTEMBER 10, 1976

 

 

 
  
 

hupterbere

A party wae held In the ctr-campus lounge Wednesday to mark the start at a two-week

voter reolstratlon drive at SUNVA.

_ llo -   g V
cups headed by 8 SU

?  _ c, ..
.7 and NYPIRO kicked off a twoéweekg
 long voter registration drive with a.
 party at the Campus Center Wednes-
" day. ‘

The party was held in the Off-
Campns student lounge where
students registered to vote and ﬁlled
out requests for absentee ballot
applications. while being treated to
free beer and food.

The-drive is part of n statewide

campaign to - register potential-

votcrs. “We‘re not getting out the
votcfor any one candidate.". said
NYPIRG Project
Karen Lare. "We‘re just getting out
the vote.“

New Sales Policy Bans Homemade Food

by Larry Buchwalter

The days ofcookics for sale in the
Campus Center are gone.

Over the summer. the Student
Association and university ofﬁcials
begun to consider changes in the
solicitations policy oncumpus. lfap-
proved these changes will go into
cfluct shortly.

l'hc major changes. according to
Director of Student Activities Pat
lluchultcr. are the prohibiting ofthc
sulc of homemade food and the
strengthening of cnforccmc nt.

SA Vice President Gary l’urkcr

llllli

said “the key thing is to do justice to
the student body . . . to try and
protect them from fraud and mis-
representation.”

According to Director of the
Campus Center Alice Corbin. “the
problem with food is the whole ques-
tion of safety . . . it'sa public
health thing.“

Buchultcr claims that the com-
mittee on solicitations. composed of
representatives from residence.
UAS. Student Activities. thc Cam-
pus Center. Student Affairs. and
students themselves. “made a clear

J

 

photo service

Students wlll no longer board these express bueee downtown. alnco
the servlca has been dlecontlnuod.

Downtown Express Bus
Service Now Out of Gas

by Tom Murmilc

lln- usc of lllL‘ express buses
dmutlnun hns been discontinued
llllh sclncslcr.

.luhn llurtigun. the Acting Vicc
I’l'cstdcnl for l'inuncc nnd Business.
shout-d In H lcllcr he rcccivud from
the l'llchl'sll)‘ that the muln rcusun
lot the hrcuk Ill sct‘vicc \vus due to
hudgctut‘y cuts.

No Parking

When the South Mull wus under
construction thcrc hnd been no
uvuiluhlc pnrking spnccs fnr stutc
employees. They would purk up-
town and the express bus would tukc
them to the South Mull und also
took the normul route which uc-
mmodutcd students.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1976

Thu huscs run during the rush
hours from 7:“) um. to 9:00 ll.l‘ll.
and from 3:00 [1.111. to 5:00 pm. The
floor wus comprised ol'uhulll thirteen
buses nnd hud bccn churtcrcd from
the Office of (luncrul Services.

New layover Tlmc

Another chungc in bus service in-
vulvcs thc cltttngc in luyuvcr time
which wus switched from Drupcr
llull to Alumni Quud. llryunt
Monroe. former President ofAlum-
ni Quud. suid thut the cltungc was
mndc because the closing of the
Allen Center shifted the mujority of
people wuiting for buses to Alumni
Quud. Now it person bus a chance to
warm up. waiting in the bus. instead
of on the corner.

distinction between homemade
foodstuff and Board of Health ap-
proved foodstuff" in their considera-
tion of policy changes.

Research Director of SA l’aul
Dcsser. says that one of the means
being considered for enforcement of
the new policy is the issuance of
"back" licenses or peddling permits

that are to be publicly and C0“-.

spicuously displayed at the
solicitnr‘s place of business.

A violator ofthis policy would be
issued u warning. If there is a second
violation by the same party. their
pcrmil may be revoked nnd they
would be asked to leave. Dcsscr said
“security can and will. in cases ofex-
trcmc provocation. he culled."

The major factor involved in
determining the changes on: univer-
sity guidelines.

Onc guideline. uccording to
Purkcr. isthut the only items allowed
to be sold for profit nrclhusc that are
hundcruflcd. Parker said SA has
been working closely with the Cruft
Guildl'or'dctcrminingiftltcitcmsurc
hund crafted.

This means no more knnpsucks.
winter couls and other items of it
clearly cotnmcrciully rmtnufucturcd
nature will be allowed to be sold on
cumpus.

(Foods or services that duplicate
those presently being offered by a
University facility are not allowed to
be sold on campus.

The Board of Trustees explicitly
stntcd in I966. “. . . no authoriza-
tion will be given to private commer-

cial enterprises to operate on the
State University campuses
(other than those) Faculty-Student
Corporation activities approved by
the university."

A Student Ashociation source
stated: “I don‘t want to promote
bureaucracy. but we should follow
the established rules, . . . respon-
sibility [for decisions on solicitors]
must fallsomcwhere. . .to provide
a means of recourse.“

Dcsscr claimed the approval of
solicitations was “capricious and ar-
bitrary" last year. Desscr feels that
by having each solicitor on campus
duly registered and publicly display-
ing thut fuel. the students would
him; some recourse in case of
problems.

Corbin said. "At whut point
should the SA minimilc the obligat-
tion of the prcvcntinn of hnrruss-
rncnt. which is whut u lot of these
people do . . . the bug is lhut big!“

It was compluints from students
that brought ubttut the decision to
chungc lhc prcscnl policy. uccording
to Huchultcr.

Final Deliberation

l’urkcr stutcd that the new policy
will go buck to the Solicitations
Comm ittcc for fi nul dclibcrution and
from there on to Central Council.
This process should tukc ubout two
Weeks.

Dcsscr fccls thut the policy will
“prevent students from getting the
shaft. 11 will be something simple.
legible nnd comprcltcnsihlc . . . l
hope."

Coordinator ‘

get out'and vote.” V «
' The statewide goal in

students at'the university’of ll'
ahd 3.000,. at Binghamton SUNY
Center. _ ‘ 
Last year. NYPIVR'G' ' i helped
register 2.000 students at SUNYA
and the goal for this campaign is
between 2,500 and 3.000. . ~ _
This drive marks the ﬁrst time that
the forces of SASU and NYPIRG
have merged on a statewide level.

Dianne Piche. Executive Vice Presit' h

dent of SASU. said. “So far it has
worked out 'very well.” She said. “We
should work together more often.”

“We're not. registering. people
because it's'the' patriotic thing to
do." added Fiche. “The bicentennial
is nice. but there's deﬁnitely a
political motive.” Fiche said. f‘SASU
lobbies for student rights and stu-

dent vot'ers means political
leverage“.
NYl’lRG's views are similar.

“Student's are more socially and en-
vironmentally aware of the
problems.“ said SUNYA NYPIRG
chairperson Kevin Kovacs. “Our
goal is to educate voters and lobby
with enough voters on our side to
change the outcome of elections.“

In organizing the voter registra-
tion campaign. SASU hosted a
summer conference to train various
school coordinators on election law.
registration procedure and general
organization. SASU.whilc presently
dealing exclusively with SUNY cam-
puses. is working on similar
programs with the Independent St u-
dent Coalition (ISC) and the City
University Student Senate (USS) in
an effort to achich the same results
utnong non-SU NY colleges.

Because most students will not be
home to vote in the elections. the
nbscntcc bullot procedure is an im-
ptn'tunt aspect of the registration
drive. Forms will he mudc available
to students in thc Cumpus Center
through September 24 to request an
ubscntcc bullot upplicution from
their home county Board of Elec-
lions.

To date the SUNVA voter
registration drch has registered up-
proximutcly 1,000 students for the
tip-coming November'clcctions. The
registration drch will be continued
on :1 door to door basis with
materials also being mudc available
in the quad dining hulls.

 

f

sous a..- » . w .
":L‘v'u;;4,. .r  ’g
is

l)

 

    

The car pletured above burst Into times at about 2:15 p.rn. yeeterdey. The car's owner. a SUNVA
student. talc the ear eruptedlnthe lndlanOuad lot when battled to start Itlretn under the hood. The
L Ileltnownvltle Flre Department eatlngulehed the blue qulekly. ‘ ' J

m

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Mentalist:

   
 

  
    

