« armour rs: .-

 

 

 

 

 

jiieg

' {Wile/'3 program'lwhich would,

solicit "student developed ex-
periments to be carried aboard the
Space Shuttle. Dr. James Fletcher,

chairman. of the Senate Committee
* on Aeronautical and Space Sciences,
and a member ofthe‘Na’tional Ad-
visory Bosrd'of the Forum for the
Advancement of Students in Science
and Technology (FASST). actively
supported this organization's efforts
to interest NASA in a college-level

” 7  5,;ntoslat,ed, for“

such program for college students,
and the cost and long lead times in-
volved in current space experiments
have acted to discourage widespread
involvement of college and graduate
students.

The advent of the Space Shuttle.
with its projected routine and fre-

  

 

 

 

 Exploration

tends to conduct nationwide com-'

petitions for both secondary school
and college students and their in-
structors/facuity advisers on scien-
tific experiments and
demonstrations which would fly on
the Space Shuttle.

He ,noted that the student

 

Although still in the early stages of
development. the student payload
program should provide tl wide
range of experimentation. such as
studying the effects of zero-gravity
on biological processes or evaluating
the damage caused by solar and

cosmic radiation on various

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TASER SHOCK

The Taser, that ﬂashlight-like
weapon which sends 50.000 wolts of
electricity through its victims, is
currently being employed by at least
five police departments across the
country.

According to John Cover, presi-
dent of Taser Systems, inc.. police in
Lauderdale Lakes, Florida;

 
 

" The Taser works bysetting offtwo
metal books, which shoot out upto
l50 feet and latch on to its intended
victim. Once the hooks penetrate
skin or clothing. they emit 50,000
volts of electricity which knock out
the victim for approximately ten

  

 

 

VIETNAM BLUES
is there anyone who yearns for the
good old days of the Vietnam war?
Yes. according to a few television
camerapeopie. at least when you
compare Vietnam to Beirut.

  

 

asrsays

. ‘ ‘
“Give  I .cllltlﬁv "

ticipste in   pr‘eside‘t’llal
elector. poll." rte pissidelttial toi

' rolls are beingsoldforweentaeachl

Scientists at the Addiction
Research Institute in London report
that for over four years. they have
been giving nicotine laden gum to
smokers in efforts to help them
break the habit.

Doctors report that out of every
l0smokers who tried the gum, which

   

near earens ,
Even as more and more people
become vegetarians. it seeth the '
collecting of carnivorous or'rneat
eating plants is rising rapidly. ’

Mother Jones magazine reports
that there are more than 450species
ol' carnivorous and insectivoroua or

     

 

 

  
  
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

   

   
   

    
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"like . . .
. .  I‘llmnlslt‘tor ct‘NASA_ added that student space experimentation quentﬂights,andsltsrpreduetionin Pfoyam would Pm"ide f‘" “ad” “awful” “5 "'“W‘C” c"Vlmmncnt NBShvme' Temmee‘ and a suburb mim‘m-
" m" 3"" menu.“ “In” 'n'sPa" ex" Pmﬂam. payload costs and long leadtimcs for Male assistance Md {OIIOW‘hTOUEh Prowdes condltlons that art- unm. 0f Akron, Ohio; are using the sun. Reports have come in from substitutes for cigarettes. four have imm caring pun“ on m; [nu-m 
t ~ Petlmenlﬂllon by student In l972, a high school student preparation, should allow for in order thatthe results of these stu- talnable .in Earth hascd College and law enforcement ofﬁcials intwo aroundmecoumry ofburg|arie3 and , remained nonsmokers for at least a andthmsomc ofthﬂemgkedgﬁw.
 . crewmembers. Skylab program was implemented greater participation of students at dent projects could be added to our laboratorles. Louisiana and Mississippi towns are other crimes committed using the year afterthe "treatment." The gum. fu| pm. l’
g g Senator Frank Moss (D-Utah), ugth l9 student experiments being all levels. national store of selcntlflc d. For :hose students who wish ltd- “Sling the weapon. Tascr. While containing Nicotine. doe! 00‘ The magazine tells us that someot' :'
s ' c osen to ﬂy onboard the martin l d' a t n. M . knowledge." ltiona information on this i have either t-hetar orcarbon monox- th I l t t t be
Sr g n In response 0 e ossre _ nett e ea y mea ea ers grow 0 at
i   .Bpﬂce station. Senator Moss. quest, Dr. Fletcher emphasized that FICICheT 8'50 expressefllhe def"? Proﬂﬂmr Please colllﬂcl l"ASS'l';rt    s  idc Wthh “like” in the lunss and least several fee tall and are big ,
however. pointed out in his com- NASA shares fully the Senator's that the Program "91°": “'5 "'1‘ I785 MassaChu-‘t’cus Avenue. NW, damages ‘hem- CQOUBMO dinelon heR'Il'l/tillimiliﬂ '
mm   munication with Dr.,Fietcher that, desire for student participation in ﬂginﬂlionﬂndcnllSllhelalenls Ofim- Washington, i).(,‘. 200% or phone 3   Smokingin England—despite the or rabbit‘squinel'fyoy'limtds and 
or: :r P i“ . "unfortunately, there has been no the Space Shuttle program, and in- aaimttivc you"! WOPIV (202) 433.0900 . , . high C05“ 0f Ciga'°“¢3”"maim a 10m" animals WhiCh maybe HMO!“ ' i
 ,3 “$321” H°°nb¢ableloﬁtm pm, m,,,,,.,,..,,,,..,.,,,,,,,.,..... to State UniverStty of NY at Albany major health problem: the average tunate enough to cross the plants‘ '
f ' . ' ' - Briton smokes some 3000 cigarettes nth.
( S P Frances G.nght, Director of the   u  F'r  titﬁthC at The entertainment weekly Variety a mm D
t ».‘ assport Office said. effective-this " - t o o - quotes CBS cameraman Kurt '
I r,  _ gm,” mwsmmgzwm ts sponsoring a weekend in Volkmssayinwn“Emmy... I CAu Yours MANh I '\
Sm U } Inches will conform to the inter- M were wilhagmup youcoummemify { fyoudwrtntbztf) vote; yoNurc Ollie \ \
It nattonai standard recommended by  E B   . Courses open to college men and women yourself with—the (J‘l's . . . you fr 9”" Lm ('"C lb: Sm" r
*i  ‘he Panel or Puspon Exports orthe  ﬂ  v f  N a No service obligation now. lived with it disciplined army. Bl“ :ccuon' you Taysloon a tetoru: \ K. ‘ A
s  ln""‘,“‘i°“al CW“ Ammo" ’ M o ov' 5’ 6t 7' Fullscholarshipavailabie during the last two years ofthe here (in Beirut). you‘re dealing with bownmuyofur 0°: WWI”: “can C. Q
3 ; orﬂﬂﬂlﬂtion (ICAO) in I974. Ticket price program; tuition, all fees. plus a $100 a month tax-free people whom you new" know if “1‘”: l0 P?“ 63:? ‘0‘ Clpﬂllffi V
 ! Passports will be easier toittspect at ' . allowance. ' _ . ' they‘re going to shoot you the next , {mm "5‘ '° 'm‘m‘ a
,1 3 ports of entry and border crossing,  W/I‘OX CO rd,  without, - An Air Force offlcer commtsston when you recetve your minute." Lctncr. apnounccd plans to market
{ f with the standardized international , baccalauremﬁ . An ABC cameraman. Tony ‘hc "V," d'm'cm ml" 0‘30"“ “pert r.
._’  .513, according to Knight Includes: transportatlon both ways and accommodations. -And. you don‘t necessarlly have to lac enrolled at Himshiki added “In Vietnam you one wnhthe portrltttofﬁerald Ford.
a ‘t . ' . . . . Renssciaer Polytechnic institute to atten . ', t . , ’ - and the other with Jimmy Carter‘s @ —-—"
i : Other .changcs tn the. new Bus leawng i2 noon from Clrcle Fri. Nov. 5, returnlng .Talk with the Air Force ROTC counselor. could get away Irom lhtiwtll‘. bl“ 1" likeness. \‘Nnngt
l.  passports tttciude the elltnlnatlon of , ‘ Hctrut, you 1ch wnh lt. I , I _ Nd f H H r . ,
  suohitemsasheightandcolorofhajr TICkets 0n bale Speaking ofthe RightistChristian  t“ ‘Kl‘: e'xinocomiﬁl: C 'th  hm“: Ym‘ at: {he
"  andeyeswhich.accordin toK ‘ ht, . F t' l"rhl‘ v' |i-‘ ut.Hirttshiki "cs‘ 5‘ ‘ c. . i " "‘ rc ' ‘mcrcy “'l’ ‘ e ""
'é u are not useful identifying featiiitgts Get.  21’  "I   F ' f ' ll ' re‘itcolri):1 iiiatlnflinl‘iiii th'Y were weekly sulcsrccmdso' [he‘wmollc' “monlhmlwvcs undingcmhem'
 The regular touristandlhe ofﬁcial [um/M by Mal/em “ml-Wig" BON VO YA GE! or more tn ormatlon, ca or wrtte to. cooperative. hm “an they on” us   go by thchhrandhnamti these plants reportedly snack on
if Passport will contain 24 Pages in- Th ' ' u spies and say we are not welcome.“ h'5f’m Ex“ ' {05°“rr‘1’tiisrﬂ‘ with "lung? “5 “l9;- ﬁnills “2431"”.
. stead ohm rcscmzo ’ H g... a" ma"), Problams on cam us, mm d r , Ca “in Gary L. Fullmer c otce o mcrtcans 0 cs c . tlcrcs a s or age 0 ose
; reduced size‘; and dele’t’ﬁ’éfgg‘m“: lives and should not be toleratzd. Confer'irlzg  "ti: aspa ac Bldg am 3l7 RPI CHEW THE HABIT Leiltcr says he got the idea after creatures around your home,
2 material should save the U s over ‘°”‘P°,""' “"1 the cost at health or lives. The Health, solely and low “'“l’h‘m” "Mm Doctors in England are ﬁnding finding “W "one 01' his friends had however. MOI/W Jones says the
2 $200,000 a year in priming c'os‘ls m:- Commtttee of Central Council has been looking into this problem for two that heavy cigarette smokers can ever been polled on their choice for mctlt caters will accept raw ham-
, cording to Knmm“ ' aptlﬂ’ou moycomplatn and wonderwhy so long. . .some oius were there. . . . sometimes kick the tobacco habit by president by cit her the Harris or burger. or even tt cooked egg white
"= There w'u be h o ' . v m were YPU? Put It all together In All Force  merely chewing il away. Gallup rescurch groups. once every two to three months.
I 1 rec categortes of It ls not too convenlent to come all the way up to the campus of darkness to
passports—a regular tourist usethefacilities;Ilbroryorgym4hmiswhy,heAdminmmmeand Ammo
t passport 005""8 3'0. an official gommiueqoi Central Council) is looking into lheieosibility of utilizing iii:
v- passport and a diplomatic pttssmrt, ' raper complex for such activities. All you have to do is ‘u t . d
V‘ A“ will be valid for a ﬁve yam. period ltttle green buses to find what you can do to help (youriemfalritzritZZW't’ie    I
‘ ,«r v from the dme or issue unless :yiju may not have to ride them (at night) again. See Stave or Anne (CC fa  ‘
 otherwise officially indicated. 6)‘ (  y
-
‘, Jlllt --.r
. Illlllllllllttl
'1 ‘ H l f
. e p us orm a
It will be on sale:
Jewish Grad t St d t G
j p Mangia Bevi e Divertiti Oct. 18-22 and 25-29 In Campus Center Lobby
. o - ,
 lom us at. Ptzza-Felafel Place (Eat, Drink and Be Meny) \ d. I.
4 ' Oct. 18-21 and 25-28 at uptown lnner mes
as lngton Ave -
.  a  . . . [um/ed h ’.l'lildt’llf assoc-[alien
all you can eat
on Wed. Oct. 20, 8 pm i
W... E...  BeenmneorSangr-a OFF CAMPUS STUDENTS
Z n — — d
S 9 allyoocandrtntrt Albany Stu ent Press
teve Shaw — 459-8000 .
with your chalce of
Spaghe ' ' ' wn ' If'
Speedreadin Clas t“ “9mm 86'5 support Itse - on e
0 e
g g 585 Shells Lsnguni Pizza 1 .
'. 1
 , N o as main course
,   F  Do you ﬁnd that you‘re the only one in your

¥ Gilly  complete l
The ASP advertising department

wants sales people
i

apartment who doesn‘t get phone calls?

 

Full sandwich and ala carte
pizza menu also available.

No one visits you?

The SUNY College of General Studies is now
making available the course of American
Speedreadtng Academy.

Register Immediately.

  First Classes: Monda andT '
Oct. 25 and 26. 6 pmyto 9 piifsddy'

Fee: As low as “7.90 per'ttession
Classes also available Wed. and Thurs. evenings

it could be that you are not listed correctly in
our listing. Come and check on Wednesday.
October 20 in the Off Campus Lounge (next to Check

oYour own hours
Cashing ) between 9:00 and 4:30.

0 Car necessary (unless you want to use public
transportation)

0 High commissions for new accounts

0 Experience preferred (but not essential)

I

Call Dan Gaines Dr Lisa Biundo. advertising
managers at 45 7-8892 for an appointment.

 

I Held over for the 2nd consecutive Wednesday I

The Off Campus Housing Office staff ' 
will be there to assist you. “

 

For Registration information and Interview contact:
Gerry Flores 785-1535
Dr. Millard Harmon 472-7508 (on campus)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE SEVEN

 

 

PAGE am 112 Wolfe Road Alb 458-73!)

‘33 V ' ALBANY STUDENT PRESS OCTOBER 19’ 1976 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 19. 1976

 

 

 

 

 

