. . .m 13,.

A. -.
-amabawa.“ mean... no

 

.ras.~..L.J-..;.~_ h <_,

. "A,

 

.>".-..~..'~» a

r court 1 .
upheld a decilion bye three-judge
federal court in Richmond. Va.. re--

a challenge to ’Virglria’s

 ititlcea  the lower

court -m9ll"f.withou heating .

norms or man." Ill opiidon .x.

pulling their reasoning. The three.

dimmers '— Justicee William .'
Renata Jr...'1'hufgood Marahll and’
John Paul Stevens .—'voted to con-
duct is lieai-ing'vet‘ore deciding the
case. I
At the same time. the justices
declined to review the conviction of a
Jacksonville. N.C.. man on a charge
of committing oral sex in his home
with a willing make partner.

In both cases, lawyers 6f the
American 'Civil Liberties Union
argued that the state laws were an
unconstitutional invasion of privacy
and were discriminatory against
homosexuals.

The Virgina law was challenged by
anonymous homosexuals who
sought an injunction against it.
Their lawyers told the court the law
violates the right of homosexuals “to'
be let alone."

The Virgina law prescribes a max-
imum sentence of up to five years
and it fine of up to $1.000 on convic-

tion of sodomy with either a male or
female partner.

In the Jacksonville case. Eugene
Enslin. the proprietor of a massage
parlor.‘ was convicted under a law
making it a felony to commit “the

tint-A. .
Jackson; .the' 'Deir'ioera

runner. . in": New york. 3mg!
Pwﬂmiulﬂ'imyi repeatedly;

cus_ed_.,Jiirimy Carter Monday. or

' but- 'said'. at the

sametlme he would not rule out the
. former. Gedrgia' governor Za's aivi‘cl'e

   

candidatepﬁilackson: saidfat a news _

conference injthis upstate city: '  ..

He‘laddedvhowever- liefelt it would: '
be presumptuous to- Iaw'up-any list ‘

of possible running mate's! before he
.had the Democratic nomination
locked up. .Earlier'in' the day in
Binghamton. Jackson said he' would
not‘ hesitate. to acceptRep'. Morris

Udall of Arizona as'a‘ruiining mate.”

. Jackson. Carter" and: Udallare

locked in. a three-day ﬁght in ,New '

York‘s primary. next Tuesday] At
stake are 274 delegate votes to'the
national party convention. including
206 which will be decided through
votes for delegate slates in each of
the state's 39 congressional districts.
The other 68 delegates will be
awarded on the basis of support for
candidates as shown in the April 6
voting. - . - .
Jackson. from Washington state.
is still thought to have a clear lead,
largely because of his early organiz-
ing at the local level. But the com«

' I; . . caddidate'for'riational ofﬁce.
1 W“ Whittle-out.“ ofthe ’ ‘ . j
qualiﬁed to be vice predisent. he has.

were

i riictedbya 7. cc
,En‘stlii' intoihesgt. Mora

which heage of conﬁnt in North;

 chief-Carter and Udall

‘ @Wy’pitt-iiiueiuor below the Sl

1 .‘fliiiiddidef! .victoi‘y Jackson
has predit'aed in’New‘York.’

.. Ligation. responding to reporters’
question in Utica. alsowarmlyen-

- .dorhed j._llugh‘-.=Carey.- New York

 
  

State's. Democratic I governor, as a
“.Notﬁonly is he eminently

the Qualifications to be president of
the UiiitedState's." Jackson said.
'ﬂ‘The' candidate added that he had
no] evidence; that Carey was
maneuvering to go to the
Democratic National Convention as
a power broker by trying to line up
uncommitted ' slates. Carey has
denied any inter'es‘tin national ofﬁca.
but the state‘party organization
which he heads'is backing uncom-
mitted slates in about half the dis-
tricts. '

O'Shea Heads Slate

ln Utica for example. the uncom-
mitted slate is headed by James
O'Shea. whom Carey appointed as
state commissioner of general ser-
vices.

Later at a stop in Syracuse. where
he addressed senior citizens group,
Jackson promised to work to end
what. he said were discriminatory
laws which mandate retiremeht in
many cases at age 65.

 

simmer: Jobs
Cami! 'Dippikill ,

Job Defecrlptio'n-

Manual labor consisting primarily of firewood cutting, hauling and
stacking; trail construction and maintenance; minor building repair; painting

°‘°‘ How many poel

Three'
Job location

Camp Dippiltill, 70 miles north of campus in the Adirondack Mountains.

Period of Employment

June 7. 1976 to August 27. l976.‘

Salary

$110. per week ($2.75 per hour / 40 hrs. per week)

Who may apply

Albany State students having payed student tax

' Special qneliiicetlone
The applicant must be in top physical condition. show experience in
working in a forest environment and have knowledge and experience with
chain saws or other mechanical equipment.

tlone

 

Mlec. Information
Camp Dippikill is located 70 miles north of Albany on Route 28 near the
hamlet of The Glen. Lodging for the duration will be provided at one of the
camp buildings for either a small fee or additional work hours. A car is
strongly recommended as the nearest town for supplies such as food,
gasoline. laundry, etc.. is 8 miles away. Board is not provided but complete.
cooking facilities are available.

When and where to apply
Applications may be picked up in the SA Ofﬁce (CC 346) and must be

returned to that ofﬁce no later than Wednesday. April 7, 1976.
lntervlewe
Required of Top Applicants.
Acceptance notice

Given on or before Tuesday. May 4. I976. Acomplete list of the alternates
and those not qualiﬁed will be posted in the SA Ofﬁce on May 4.

 

 

{comp dlppiltlll funded entirely by etudent eeeocietlo

WIIUWWWIMIWWIIIIHIllmﬂulmmmﬂmmulml
t

p AGE Two ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

, , I’m-l W0!!!" Fromm

~ m tors-(Amen Morrts,K-vw'dtsazonr.aeeunrvo...in... n

. opemoc'ratic presidential primsry,,propog¢d Monday (hm the M2”
govern M iii takeover the welfare programiwhose costs have been a mi

rm to reruns New Ysrk “memo: second it a “not... uni"

and (national obligation.” lna series'of speeches and intervieWs Udall “j:

. disparity in benefits hereaiid in the restl‘of-the‘ country had ted .0 an imum

poor people which had .overtaxedr' New. York's resources. '

GarterlFarm Found to Have Few Subsidies
tit/tins, Ga. (AP) Swamp: Agriculture sari Butz is wrong whe 'r
“yg'that_._limmy Carter “is growing fat off federal peanut subsidies “ Carit'
also is exaggerating when he denies having received any subsidies at all oi"r
Castleberry. a marketing specialist for the Tobacco and Peanut Division I:
the U.S.‘Department of Agriculture. in Washington said the record showcnd
two paymentstoCarter farmsbetween I970 and'l'975. One was in 197”
Sl.280.vl‘9 and one was in 1973 forSl.448.66.Castleberry also said the Cantor
warehouse is eligible for a I975 payment for storing pctinuts, but said it"
payment has been made because there has been no ﬁnal disposition ofth:
peanu s. '

Presldent Ford May Veto Defense Blll
WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford said Monday he will veto thedelcnsr
bill if members of Congress cut it sufﬁciently to “shortvcliiingc the’ future
safety of the American people." Declaring that he is deeply disturbedby
reports that some members of Congress are seeking to cut as much as S7
billion from his proposed ﬁscal I976 defense budget of SIOI billion. Ford
said there is no room for any such major cut in his proposals. Ford said the
United States must remain unsurpassed in its defense capability and "be
willing to spend greater amounts for our own defenses in the U nitcd Slalcs."

Kissinger Urges Sale of Planes to Egypt
WASHINGTON (AP) Secretary of State Henry Kissinger urgcd ti House
committee today to approve the sale of sixClJOtransport planes to Egipt.
saying rejection of the deal would be “a slap in the face" for ligvphnn
PreSidcnt Anwar Sadat. Calling Sadat's breaking of a friendship ire;in “lift
the Sovrel Union “ a very courageous decision," Kissinger described the den]
as great “symbolism.” Sadat has chosen “iheroad of moderation“ to imprtnc
the life of Egyptians andto movetoward peace with Israel. Kissinger :riiid."|f
this course should fail. the result wouldbe a strengthening of llltilt'tlllml illlli
an increase of influence of other outside interests in the area.“ he silld.

Strlpplng to Resume In Las Vegas

5A8 VEGAS. Nev.(AP) Entertainment we expected to resume tit major Ins
egas Strip hotels today after tentative contracts were worked tiul bctwccn

:nkingstagehands and l5 strip resorts. However. members ofthe unionilill

u:ivel;o vote on the pact. The stagehands were the last of four uniorn round
It: -day strike against the clubs. The walkout has been the longest tnlhi:

history of Nevada gambling and cost the hotel-casino industry an estimated

$1.4 million a day.

23mmun'm "'99 Arabs to Strike
thel'ctgzilzsirshel (AP) Thegov‘ernmc'nt faces a test of strength 'I ucsday with
observea 24-houpany' wh'ci‘ '5 urging Israel's 500,000 Arab ctti/cns to
dame With ‘hr 85mm 3‘5"“ id protest government land appropriation
mayo...“ demo: °hmm““‘5‘5 Wlnmng a previous tilt r the Nazareth
Israelis believe  c goher'fme’nt needs a victory in this showdown. Hut
encouraging rad’ r e ~aml'Z‘0mslr pro-Palestinian Communists tire
issueloinﬂame Ilia :atl‘m or young Israeli Arabs and are using the land
mijimry mu . m tempersv ﬂlffﬂdy boiling for two months ovcr lsrucl‘s
pation of the Jordanian West Bank.

Euuorrlllas Aaaasalnate Pollce Ottlclal
polildygfici‘ringfq Arlyn." (M’) Guerrillas assassinated a high Menu
1 h d onday '" deﬁﬂhce 0f Argentina‘s new military government
on Ours bin)” Genr J0me Videla was scheduled totakc officclrirrnnllyui
pmrﬁqem' Vldfla' 50v is commander ofthe army and it member of the three-
ovenﬁrgvapth‘i‘ u“mined power lust Wedcsduy after the armed lorcn
Videla as reside!“ Isabel Peron in a bloodless coup. Thcjuntri dcslglllllt'd
afternoon ﬁles!ch Smurduy and ‘hc Oath-taking was set for Mondriy
other anti. u all?“ had dccft'Cdlhe death penalty for terrorists and unified
m h d g “T” .“ mc‘isurcmwwllempt tostopthc political vitilctrt‘clhill
c e warlike intensity under the widow of Juan D. Pew”

{'(g’samcﬂmlgned on Eleven Felony Charges

was arrai n dE:4(AP) Puma“ Hearst. heiress and convicted bunk whim-
mau" Mai eH onday on ll felony charges of kidnuping. robbery and
‘0 a bu.“m'iiii e‘hrst. ﬂown to Los Attgelcs under tight secnrity. was brand“
minute. “if? coumo‘m‘ {0' "It proceeding, which lasted less than five
courtroom  h? pawn“ Scaled in u back row of the tiny securlli‘
Patricia ()4 ebzwes' amwcndﬂe“ mice when asked if her true nurne Wits
l4 as a dat nfp gjjvﬂeam' s“P‘i‘lor Court Judge Jack E. Gocrtzcn set April
Name A: Jorh iss Hearst to enter a plea. That date. requested by Henri!
Ft I y o nson. falls two days after her scheduled sentencing in but"

name" 0" “ bank robbery conviction.

4.!
MARCH 30. 1975

 

Heglatratlon at SUNYA. ACTe reappearance thla lall eh

A d. Teachers  r

"cancelled. for, lack of ,Vstudent sup-y  I

"3 port.

According to ‘ACT lll‘s coor-I'

 ‘dlri‘ator Paul Rockwell.the failure of

 

ould become a welcomed alght.

Senate Candidate Against Defens

by Marla Abrams

“Thch must be it change in
priorities that the government sets."
Sllld Socialist Party Candidate for
U.S. Scntitc Murcia Gallo, during it
recent appearance at SUNYA.

l~ler present plrilform on the
socialist ticket calls for "‘usingthe
money now being wasted on the
multi-billion dollar war budget to
provide enough jobs and social ser-
vices for everyone." She and her con-
stituents believe that the money for
education. hospitals and jobs that

government ofﬁcials claim isn't
there, actually is.

For example. Gallo states that “if
we scrap the B—l bomber submarine
program costing $21 billion. we
could ﬁnance all New York City
hospitals this year." She adds that
the federal government is spending
$|12.7 billion on the war budget ——
the highest it‘s ever been.

On the New York ﬁscal crisis.
Gallo says. “New York City is a
testing ground of how much the
federal government can ttikc away

The Tenure Tease Pits
Faculty Against Fields

by David Levy

Money. A great dctil of press has
been given iothc lrick ofit ‘rll this un-
ivcrsity. Mandated budget cuts have
forced the rctrcnchmcnl of certain
programs. causing many teachers to
lose their jobs: but there is another
way by which teachers letch this
tinivcrsityrlirdcnial of tenure.

ln gericrtil. tenure decisions are
seen as ideological. since they apply
to positions that will be maintained
no matter what. President Emmett
B. Fields‘ rcccnt denial of tenure to
political science professors Clifford
Brown and Jonathan Knight
prompted one faculty member tocull
the matter “it microcosm of the
university-wide struggle between
Fields and faculty.“

Estimates front sources involved
in the process of promotion and
tenure indicate that it substantial
portion of the community are con-
fused tis to the technicalities of the
system.

Why should students and
educators be ignorant? Let's take the
crises of Brown and Knight from
beginning to present.

'l'cnurc is the granting of a life-
long contract to teach at this univer-
sity as long as the department is not
rctrcnched or eliminated. A faculty
member comes up for tenure after
six years at SUNYA. Failure to be
approved means removal. The
seventh year may be served in order
to give the school time to find a
replacement. and the teacher time to
find another position. Union
College. among others. allows for
continued afﬁliation through one or
llircc-ycur contracts. but such is not
the policy here.

The initial board of review is the
department. Outside letters of

Editor‘s Note: l‘frh'l iii a series on the
tenure process.

MARCH 30, 197

 

review from other people in the field
are solicited to be considered along
with the opinions of colleagues. In
Brown's case however. these letters
did not reach the department on
time.

The Political Science department
then voted on the candidates. with
Brown getting unanimous support.
and Knight getting l5 ofthe l8 votes.

Letter Submitted

Department Chairman Carlos
Astiv. then submitted a letter of
transmittal to the Dean of the
Graduate School of Public Affairs.
This included the vote and his own
recommendations. Astiz approved
both Brown and Knight.

Gary Cowan. retiring Dean of
GSPA. sent the file to an ad hoc
committee comprised of eight facul-
ty members from related
departments. The outside reviews
still had not arrived and two com—
mittee members declined to vote
bcctiusc of this. according to one
professor in Political Science. Of
those who cast ballots. tipprthti was
unanimous for Knight. rind split for

Brown.

This report was returned to
Cownn for his recommendation:
thumbs up for Brown. down for
Knight. “is letter of recommenda-
tion was addressed to Fields. who
has ultimate authority in all cases of
promotion and tenure.

Before Fields makes his decision.
however. the Advisory Council on
Promotion and Tenure goes overall
the previous reviews. Their meetings
are closed and their decisions un-
published.

In the case of llrown and Knight.
Fields rejected tenure for both. The
United University Professionals

contract under which the faculty is
operating allowed Fields ten work-
ing days to reply to the requests of ,
BrOWn rind Knight for' the [reasons

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

from the working class."

A newspaper stating the Socialist
Workers‘ Party viewpoint sttys that
the crisis “is not just a New York
problem. New York represents the
opening battle in it war by which the
ruling ricli~~the Rockefellers. the
Morgans. the biggest banking rind
corporate powers in the world —~
nnikc working people hear the
burden of inlltttion. unemployment.
and the entire worldwide economic
crisis. while keeping profits high."

The Socialist Party calls for a
“city-wide conference of unions rind
community groups“ to “draw up our
own plain to stivc New York." Gallo
states that it “united strategy“ of
workers. icnunts. students. parents.
the unemployed and black. l’ucrto
Rictiir and Chinese groups are
necessary to achieve this goal.

Originally from Cleveland. Ohio.
where she was a teacher for six years.
(iiillo has been a socialist for ten
years.

She first became involved in
movementsifor social change when
slicjoincd the Civil Rights March on
Washington in 1963. Later. she
became u member ofthe NAACP tit
Oberlin College, and participated in
picket lines find the I964 civil rights
boycott of the Cleveland public

q //‘,,

W, — -
I” 7/

.9
\
.’/

. .\ _

behind the denials. Thursday.
Mttrcli lb (two days late). each
received ti letter front Fields which.
in essence. said thtit they were good.
but not "excellent."

“You have not emerged as a leader
in your ficlt ." said the letter.

The professors. reaction: “ We ob-
viously have rt fantastic university.
for ill leust l0 faculty members are

ACT was due to “a lack of com-
munication between the coor-
dinators and a lack of student in-
put.“ '

Last year. the leadership of ACT
didn‘t function as a whole and was in
constant transition. Coordinators
could not coordinate. Student in-
volvement decreased. Due to the
lack of organization. people lost in-
terest in ACT and 'let it fall by the
wayside. ‘

Cara Pour and David Bloom.this
year‘s coordinators. say things are
being run differently these days.
ACT lV's leadership says meetings
are now held at regular intervals.
The only item that still needs in-

 

receiving.

surva studentMitchell Dalvin. -

said "No one lets a good thing go if
they can help it. and the ACT is too
good ,to, let go; When pre-, ‘

registration rolls around. just about '

everyone picks up «copy of the ACT'
to help them decide what courses

and which professors to take. It also ,
serves to give feedback to the faculty

and the administration.

Dalvin said. “This ya” the ACT
is trying to cover every course
offered in the university. This time
the students of SUNYA can‘t afford
not to help."

,3
>

   
  
 
 

wong

Sociallat cenddatalortbe u.s. Senate Marcie Gallo spoke of a“unlted
strategy" to aid ethnlc groups. during her recent SUNYA appearance.

schools. As ll tctichcr in East
Cleveland. shc strongly protested the
war iii Vietnam.

(iullo run for Governor of Oliioin
I970 on the Socialist Workers" Party
ticket and says.“lt wusthc first time
a woman had run for that office.“

She strongly supports the ERA.

     
     

\

‘letidcrs iri their ﬁeld.‘ "

Brown and Knight were referring
to the l9 people Fields has granted
tenure ofthe 34 cases he has decided.

A Chancellor‘s Board of Review
will convene to hear the professors‘
appeals sometime within the next
sixty days. The Board consists ofone
person designated by the professor.
one designated by the President. and

“Four more states are needed to
rtitifythc constitution. lfthc ERA is
defeated. women will be having
something taken away fromthem.”

She believes that Buckley is "reac-
tionary" towards women‘s rights.
"He is against abortion and quotas
for hiring women."

one picked by the first two members
from a list of about l00 names
agreed upon in advance bythe union
and the administration. 45 days front
its formation. the Board will issueits
ruling on the appeals of Brown and
Kitight.

Next: How Fft'lt/S' "mi‘ssian"lfar
Ilu' university enters Into the picture.

PAGE THREE

  

 

