  

 

v' ~:=-.m-ﬂmm~.u..,_.campuwsqst ..

.«mz.

 

- non" Beach   V 
 Bunker * y Truman Capote”

* maths». _

 

. will  »_ __
ton Burton
‘ &

Joey Mltchell

Fri. and Sat. Nov.l2 and 13

Bogsrt’s Tavern

Corner Madison Ave. and Ontario Street

 off ‘

on any poster!!!

Hours I Grolns I loom

COMPR

 

 

 

with this coupon
CLASS OF '77 PRESENTS
W

DURING OUR WINTER VACATION
DATE 1/3/77 to 1/10/77

$115

complete tax Included
senlors $110 .
Round trip day let wlth hot meals

-r -eALSO AVAILABLE — <-

DELUXE ACCOMMODATIONS AT
MIAMI’S DESERT INN - on the ocean

 

This is your last chance

RATIFY YOUR

CALL NOW AS OUR TICKETS
ARE EXTREMELY LIMITED.
PLANE TICKETS MUST BE
RESERVED BY NOV. I5.

CALL 457-7723 or 457-7722

 

 H 

 

 

The University Forum presents

in a lecture

Monday, November 15, 8:00 P.M.

 

 

Sponsored by Chapel House (Capital Area Ministries in Higher
Episcopal Campus Ministry)

To a news reporter‘s workshop.

 

 

 

Sunday. Nov. 14. 7:00 pm.
CC329

 

 

    
 

 

LEG:
The

presents
lgmar Bergman's

PERSONA

   
    
  

 

CALL
MIDDLE EARTH

9 am-I2 pm on weekdays

 

Frlday, Nov. 12
LC 1
7:15 pm.

 

24 hours a day on weekends

7-5300

 

and 9:45 pm.

   

NATURAL AND ORG'ANNICAIIY RAISED rooos

Dried Fwitl I Nuts I Herbs I Spices I Meets I ﬁsh I Fm}.

 Resilient"

on the proposed Class Constitution. You
will decide at this meeting whether to:

CONSTITUTION.

Tuesday November16
CC 373 8:00 PM

It’s your class,

ltI'

WILLIAM STRINGFELLOW

Attorney, Author,TheoIogian, Social Critic

ETHICS, EDUCATION AND THE UNIVERSITY

   

mail“? “this? emerience since 1954.

with Liv Ullman and Bibi Anderson

  

‘u.--urus.un. . . u,
, ’ ll.

2. Control A
“My. Ni.
3 363-7822
00h! Elem
DWI”! on
SUNY bus lino

 

o

BULK

Herbal Teas I Honey I Brood,

Vegetables I Vitomlns I looks

EHENSIVE REFERENCE IIBRARY

 

 

to air your views

 

 

WORK!

Lecture Center 18

Education, Newman Association,

 

(1966)

$.50 w/tax
$1.00 w/out

funded by student association

By our mantra '

A paunchy. middle-apd clockmslter, living
a quiet. unassuming life in Paris. is one day
confronted with the fact that his twenty-year-
old son has disappeared and is beingsought by
the police. accused of murder. Witli the son is.
a young woman the clockmaker has never
met. The murdered man was a factory
policeman who had blackmailed and sexually
assaulted the young woman.

For the clockmaker. the most disturbing
element of this situation is that he has always
considered himself more than a father to his
son. to be a friend and close conﬁdant. It is this

s...t.,..~ , ,

 

II) .l():\ R. IIAIVI)

In I‘)|‘) I cntn proclaimed. "()I all tltc arts

thc ntmt ltllptll'lillll Ior us in my opinion isthc
lilm.”
7" “oh thc nattot -
dttstt) that samc tear. the most intense cx-
atntttatton ol the acsthctic. as well as psy-
chological and sociological. possibilities of
Itltu had begun.

Instt'ttntcnlal III the creation of this intcnsc
tn\csttgalton \tas tltc cstablis’hmcnl ol the
worlds Itrst ltltll academy. lhc V,(i.l.K.,
“Inch opcncd Ill Moscow in |‘)2tl. Inspitcola
critical shortagc ol Iiltn stock and cquipmcnt.
a few youngcnthushtstic ﬁlmmakers and a fer-
\‘cnt hclicl in cinema as a powerful instrument
ol revolution. As the years passed. however.
revolution changcd lrom politics to art: the
most gtltcd dtrcclors \vct‘c more interested in
cinematic lorm than Marx and farming.
Altltough the best of Soviet films preach
political _1ttsttcc. their full content lay in their
formal cxccllcnce.

l't'otn thc agc ol lillccn. l.c\' Kulcshov was
deeply inlcrcstcd in art; hc stttdicd arcltitcc»
tttrc and sculpt ttrc at the Moscow School of
Painting bclore becoming sct-dcsigncr lor
chgcnt llattcr tn I010. The Iollotving ycar
Kulcshov directed his first feature. and tnorc
important. he published the first theoretical
statctncttts on liltn. dcfining(two years before
('aligttri). thc kcycontribtttion ofthc dcsigncr
in thc expressive design of cincma. During the
revolution he served on t he liastcrn Front tak-
ing nctvst'ccl footage. Rctttrningto Moscow in
I920. Kulcshov was rapidly recruited into the
tcachtttg stafl of the V.(l.l.K. and given his
own ‘Wot'kshop.’

It was in thc Kttlcshov Workshop that the
trttc beginnings of the Soviet lilm are found.
Kttlcshov and his students experimented
cudlcsscly with the possibilities of editing.
which Kulcshov. lrotn the start. felt was the
stronghold of the medium. Shots of Ivan
him It ukhi n's exprcssionlcss fact: were intercttl
Wit It various shots (a bowl ol soup. tt woman in
a collin. and a child with a toy bear) to create
the Iamotts ‘Kulcsltov cl'l'cct'. ttt which
audiences marveled.

Kttlcsltov also demonstrated in his
workshop the concept of “synthetic
clu'onology‘ by editing together shots made at
different places ttnd times (for instance ~strcct
lz'rlitor's Nu/c: This is the eighth in a series on

 

 

  

Ult‘ A rt of l'i/Irt.

NOVEMBER 12. 1976

r, s ~ I w-r- i - e r c I u usnn an": e wn mans rryv s u.e.nls‘r:t.te‘1:1 s»ets11‘ltutl‘r'lll..,

Foreign ‘ClOckmak-‘er

   

 

L. . .4... . “no N s~‘

double anxiety which the clockmaker ex- '
periences. his fear for his son‘s well beging.‘
and his realization that he does not really
know his own son. which form the central
issues in Bertrand Taverniér‘s The
Clockmaker.

As can be surmised by the plot summary.
the film has allthe possibilities of a Hitchcock
thriller. Had the ﬁlm been made bythe master.
one can imagine the clockmaker becoming in-
volved in all manner of police intrigue and the
film building to a suspenseful climax. Taver-
nier however has opted to steer clear of
Hitchcock‘s kind of t‘ilmmaking and concen-

 

Art of Film: Russia

scenes). In this way they gave the impression
of a single action. He even combined shots of
dillcrcnt parts of different 'womlgn to create
‘liltniciilTy’hiii: \vtv‘aiian. ' " T

' '  L lads-invtttony ways. Kuleshov fel
that cinema could be a powerfully artistic
medium. and certainly be and his students had
learned much from tltc rcpcatcd showings of
Intolerance (they rc—cditcd the film until the
print lcll apart). lint unlike (iriffith. Kuleshov
was conscioust aware ofthc structural poten-
tialities of editing; tltcorctically.and artistical-
ly. hc ncvcr fell short of his protnisc.

'I'hc intellectttalism that Kulcshov
demanded of himself and his students was the
crucial difference hctwccn the Soviet directors
and the American ones.

Kulcshov wrotc. “livery art has a basic
material and a particular method of com-
posing that matcrial. In lhc art of film. the
basic tnatcrittl is rcprcscntcd by separate shots.
and the latter by the arrangement ofthc shots
In a lorm by which the apprehension of the
world is enriched or rcvcalcd."

Although Kulcsltov‘s own films are hardly
known outside lhc Soviet Union(\vith thch-
ccption ol lily t/tc Law. I926). histhcorics were
revived in the work of his pupil Vscvclod l.
l’udovkin.

I’udovkin left his chemistry profession after
seeing Griffith‘s IIIIII/t‘t‘tlllt't‘. By I922 he was a
member of thc Kttlcshov Workshop. and a
year later he was directing and acting. Ilis

 

 

    

confusion that beam the
, .‘In essence; lfound t
cinematic film‘s/Inch is _ printed!
performance of Philiipe’ Noiret 'es the
beleaguredcloekms'ker. _ . ‘

The main problem with the ﬁlm is that in
many ways. it is. more theatrical then
cinematic. As the story of theclockmﬂer and
his son unfolds. the viewer is confronted with
scene after scene of peoplediscussingwhet has
already transpired. As the clockmaker moves
from the police to the son's former nurse to
some friends of the young woman. the
development of the plot becomes clear. but in
a way that could have been presented on the
stage. 'l'avcrnicr does not use the possibilities
of his medium. and has decided instead to use
a static. immobile camera to tell the greater
part of his story. Of necessity. this places the
burden of making a good film on theshoulders
of the actors. and in this respect the ﬁlm is a
success. . ~

As the clocktnakcr. Philippe Noirct gives a
superlative pcrl'ormancc. Heisa most unusual
movie hero: middle aged and goinggrey. witha
beer hclly and a large ski-slope nose. He look-
ed as though he was plucked from the street
and chosen tor the role simply because ltc
looks so average. Like his appearance.
Noirct's pcrl'ortnancc is restrained. 'l'hottgh
confused nttd terrified. thc clockmnkcr
rcnIi/cs there is little he can do. and so tries to
resume his norinal way ol'lil'c whilc constantly
keeping an car tothc radio in hope ol'informa-
lion. Noirct has created a character who is
tormcntcd wrth doubts about himself and his
son. and who is willing to support his sort
despite these doubts. It is a troubling and in-
sightful performance. and surely the highlight
of the ﬁlm.

As ifinspircd by Noiret, 'I'avernier is also at
his best when the film concentrates on the in-
timate details of the clocktnakcr‘s life. In one

 

to'provethet Ts ' nierdi‘

jhus «men to tent

my 'on words.‘
, Later in the lilm..th‘ere is a scene ,
the clockrnaker is in his shop listening to the ‘
radio for news of his son. He is surrounded by'
silent time picces: his workbench cluttered.
with the inner workings of clocks. It is I
delicate. beautiful depiction of a man caught ‘
between his secure. familiar world and the
chaotic fear which had come so forcefullyinto
his life.

Unfortunately. moments such as these are"
few. and sandwiched as they are betweenlou

sequences of dialog. can only raise The

('lm'kmukcr to the status of above average.
Before viewing The (‘lm'kmaken I talked
with lien Wincr. a representative of Joseph

' (irecn l’icturcs. the American distributor of

Th0 ( 'Iurlttrttt/t't'r and other foreign ﬁlms. He
was most enthusiastic about the growing
audience in America for European ﬁlms.ttnd
said that they arc. in general; getting better
bccttus‘c of successful rims around the world
and bigger production budgets. He said the
cum smaller urban areas such as Albany an:
now able to support theaters showing prin-
cipally art films. and that the film al'l'icionado
will no longer have to travel to New York to
see the latest batch of imports. Mr. Wincr will
soon have an opportttnitytoscc if his opinions
arc correct. tor the ('inc H) in Albany will be
prcscnttng a series of French films. of which
The ( 'lm'trtmt/tcr is thc ﬁrst. A new film will he
presented each month. and Mr. Wincr ex-
pressed his hope that astrong following would
he lortnctl. He has made a respectable start
with The ('lm'kttta/t'cr.

 

The bler of the husband and Father from “Mother”.

mature style is seen in his ﬁrst solo directed
lcatttrc. tlIttI/tt'r (I926). based on the long
(iorky novcl.

Set at thc time of the I905 revolution. the
lilm shows a mother's conversion to Com-
munism after experiencing the suffering and
injustith caused by the 'l'sarist regime. The
theme is treated with the directness and
humanism reminiscent of Griffith. and typical
of I’udovktn‘s silent film work.

l'hc climax of Mother clcarly illustrates
I’udovkin‘s cxpcrt use ol the medium, cs-
pccially the concept of mctaphoric editing.

We see thc arrival of spring at a prison. An
escape begins at the titnc of the breakup of ice
in the river. I'hc movcmcnt of the river
matches that of the marching crowds in the

t

I

I

t

t

  

“By the Law". directed by Lev Kuleshov.
‘ ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

May Day demonstration. while the smashing
ol the ice against the mctallic bridge matches
the clash with the police. The lyricism ofthc
climax is derived from a metaphor taken
directly from the action.

On a purely visual level. the climax has all
the power andcxcitmcnt ofa Birth ofa Nation
or a Into/cram-c climax. In comparison to
Griffith. however. the shots have been
shortened. tltc anglc heightened. and the
rhythm tightened. ‘I‘hc cinematic abstraction
of time and spacc is beyond the capabilities of
the American master. The humanism is
similar but the construction of the filmic
elements is far superior in its total organim.
lion and execution.

l’udovkin mastered Griffith‘s language of
lilm but went further. 'I hrougb the concept of
mun/age. the creative-artistic process of
editing. l'udovkin perfected the silent film
narrative. Montage was the primary element
of ﬁlm form. I’udovkin wrote. _

"I claim that every object is a dead object
even though it has move before the camera.
For a movement before the camera is not
movement before the screen. It is no more

than a raw material for the futurebuilding~up of

the real movement. which is that obtained by
the assemblage of the various strips of ﬁlm.
. . . Every (thJCCI must. by cdittng. by mon-
tage. be brought upon the screen so that it
shall have not photographic but
rincmatngraphic meaning."

And then: was yet another voice which
could be heard In the Kulcshov Workshop.
that of a young engineeringstudent. Sergei M.
Eisenstein. Although he remained in the
Workshop only a few months. his voice prov-
ed to be the most important.

PAGE 5A

"Ht~t“truss.twists-suatsstssh ,.

 

  

 
 
  

s -< «a is trash-4“ 4-”
. .. -- a. n “-12.”.

 

 

