 

 

 

<.-..-u\.,..».r.,-.-mtagt.:w .eta-Ja‘W-mftz’vliﬁ'ﬁhﬂ. . ....

" essentioftngredtent 

To the “or;

A wave of altercation, centered on the
President's adoption of the Task Force
recommendations. » several recent tenure
decisions and. plans to revitalize PhD.
programs in English and‘llistory. is currently

- sweeping the University at Albany campus.

lrruional appraisals 'of these matters appear
to bavefcaused an unnessary and potentially
damaﬂng polarization of the argumentsinto
a teaching versus research issue. Those
responsible for this polarization appear to
have lost sight of the‘fact that Albany is a un-

' iversity center not a four year college.

A university is an institution in which the
elements of learning, teaching. and reseach are
blended in a continuous spectrum fromthe in-
coming freshman to the most senior full
professor. Once this continuum is admitted,

(hand. can at as...
partrhei'r knowledge.
methodology to

dentl Higli‘quality. PhD. proyams are an ce-
- sential ingredient in'all’diseipllnes inja uniVer- .

sity center not only do they provide a
spectral link between faculty and un-
dergraduates but they also enable an institu-
tion- to recruit and retain the ﬁnest scholars
and researchers. . _ '
_ The University at Albany is at a critical
stage in its development. We now havethe op-
portunity. albeit accelerated. perhaps for-
tunately. by ﬁscal constraints, to intensify the
drive towards a university center of excellence
or we cap fritter away our resources‘by pan-
dering to the vociferous minority who would
have us retreat to a four year college position.
We now have a President who is clearly deeply
committed to the premise that Albany is a un-
iversity. who have made tenure and program
decisions in favor of excellence in an universi-
ty context. and who deserves the support of
the ltitherto silent majoritythat can no longer
afford to be silent.
John Dewey

on Ed , hey at . '
tion reduirement This seems to me to belt
. move toward an educational experience which
is more controlled’a‘it'd less open to change and
ram. ‘ . ' 

_ As a member of CURE, I worked with five
other students from October of I969 to April
of 1970 'to establish the present policy.‘
Different university ofﬁcials we came (into
contact with told us of different questions we
had to resolve in'order to bring about this
change. One person who is still at SUNYA,
told us we would have to explain what this
change would do to effect the meaning of the
Bachelor‘s degree. We thought this might be
reasonable, but we needed a place to start. so
we asked him to explain what a Bachelor's
degree meant then. He puzzled over this for a
while. eventually saying that he felt that a per-
son with a Bachelor's degree usually had more
potential than one who didn't, but not always.
When pressed about background in different

'.man suggesﬂ
. Monday, April 26. l976). but a contradicdon

new all. andthe whole

that imposing dis-

_ menta will aid liberal lear-

'n'g is it only, reporterous. aalra Zimmer-
' t'sin his'column(“A Just CURE’P“,

in terms; *Liberat” comes from the Latin
“liber”, meaning free. Theindividual who can-
not make 'a choice is not free. Education
should be geared toward giving students the
ability to make choices. rather than
eliminating them.
Susan Elberger
Class of '72

The Albany‘smdent Press reserves the
sole right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Submit letters, TYPE WRI TI‘EN.
to: Editorial Pages Editor, Albany Stu-
dent l’rese. CC 329, 1400 Washington
Avenue. Albany. NY [2222. The ASP
ivlll not publish unsigned letters; names
will be withheld on request. Keep those
cards and letters coming in. but
remember:
'Brevt‘l y is the soul of wit.’

 

 

 

 

by Glenn J. Verdi

At least once upon a time, not very long ago.
there was a little village called Abncy nestled
in the countryside way up north.

in Abney the people lived quietly and hap-
pily. going about their daily chores with pica-
sant regularity.

One day there came a decree from the
Grand Imperial Chief Wizard who ruled over
the countryside where Abney was. The decree
said that the villagers had to discontinue one
of their village enterprises because the Grand
imperial Chief Witard and his men were have-
ing money problems.

Now, the village of Abney had a few
different kinds of enterprises within its

'borders. There was the Grist Mill. the
Vegetable Market and the Forest Park which
was on the outskirts of the village.

“Which of our village's enterprises should
we close?” wondered the distraught Abneyites.
They thought and thought but could not
decide. Eventually. the towaspeople went to
the village wise-man‘s cottage to ask for help
in making this difficult decision.

0

The wise-man‘s name was Emmett. He had
come to Abney recently fromfar away Hustln.
Though he had not lived in Abncy very long
(and he wasn‘t even very old) he possessed
such a magical vision that the Abneyitcs con-
sidered him a wise-man.

PAGE EIGHT

ggé‘t' UAUUARV,
SWEUT FDRV
OR is SUCCESSOR
wlbb APPOlUT T0
Kl
HIS CHOlCE.

me @0176 WSW;,

R 6AP§ Bemeeo
RICH NUP POOR
canons, EX'

.__’

" meanness
been  “*5
Mg NEALTH
RODS THE
KlGSlLbER.

“‘1

pm: new panama 1m0r475.t176

. The Story of Abney:

"What will we do?" cried thetownspeoplc as
they crowded around Emmett‘s doorstep.
Emmett listcncd patiently. puffing his pipe.
Somc villagers called out. “the Grist Mill must
stay!" Others yelled “The Market is too impor-
tant to lose!" A soft voice from the back ofthe
crowd added. “please don‘t take away the
Forest Park."

Emmettquietedthc crowd and began think-
ing. gating into the sky and puffingslowly on
his pipe again.

“It‘s that vision he‘s lookin‘ at when he

stares into the sky like that," said one of the .

Gristworkers to another. "See him —- how he
looks upinto the blue andthinks'.’ Whnta wise
man,“ whispered someone else in the crowd.

After a quiet moment or two Emmett gazed
back onto the people and said. “I think I have
a solution." The villagers sighed with relief.
“The answer is to cut out the thing that the
people will miss the least. Judging by your
pleas before it scents you should do away with
the Forest Park. Y'all don‘t seem to need it."
Emmett advised them in his llustin accent. As
he finished a mixed response of cheers and
grumbles rose up from the crowd.

The Gristworkcrs and Marketworkcrs
agreed with Emmett but a soft voice from the
back ofthe crowd piped up. “. . .please don't
take away the Forest Park." The soft voice
came from one of the Wandering- Ponderers. a
small group of Abncyitcs who spent their time

BUT 00 DOT FEAR-
lkl we Sit/STEM
lUPlVlVUAb
KISSlltEERS ,
COME M060
‘ THE R’JLlClES

OF THE Klsgltl'
66R REHAIU

ETererN.

no we Kramer?
izoos 1115me-

The Lost Fairy Tale

wandering and pondering inthc Forest Park.

The Gristworkers and Marketworkcrs
grumbled and argued against the Wandering-
Pondcrcr.

Emmett quieted them and said. calmly. “I
think I have another solution!" The crowd
turned their eyes and ears to Emmett again.
He said. “We will cut down the trees in the
Forest Park to save money. Then we can plant
a few very large trees to give the Wandering-
pondcrcrs the feeling ofa forest; that would be
alright. wouldn't it?" Some villagers nodded
and Emmett continued. "We could go to all
the neighboring villages and buy a few ofthcir
biggest and best trees and plant them in place
of the young trees in the Forest Park."

The crowd seemed to agree with Emmett's
idea; somc smiled and nodded while others
remained agreeably quiet.

The next day the Forest Park was knocked
down. in the Weeks that followed the
Abncyitcs asked the neighboring villagers to
sell a few of their biggest trees to the village of
Abncy. But. the neighboring villagers were
reluctant to sell their biggest. healthiest trees.
instead. they sold their ratherlurge. rather old
trees to the Abncyites.

These old trees were not easily uprooted ttnd
many become sick when the workmen had to
wrestle with the roots. The longtrips some of
the old trees had to make to get to Abney made
them weak and ailing But eventually ﬁve big.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

old trees Wcrc planted where the Forest Park
had been.

With all the extra cure the old trees required
the Abncyitcs really had saved very little
money by knocking down the other trees. The
Abncyitcs found it difficult to take pride in
these new trccs (inthcir sickness). But Emmett
reassured the townspeople by saying they had
“taken a step in the right direction."And
everyone went on about their business.

The Wandering-pondercrs were sad.
Wandering and pondering just wasn't the
same under the newtrecs. There wasn't any in—
spiration in the air anymore.

After a year or two the old trees died. never
recovering fully from the strain of movingand
transplanting. The Wundcring-ponderers
were miserable.

In the end. the Wundcring-pondcrers had
noonc to blame for their sadness but
themselves. If they had spoken louder and
more often when things were being decided the
Forest Park might not have disappeared.

The Wandering-ponderers packed up and
left Abney lookingfor new villages to scttlcin
where the Forest l’nrks thrive.

And it is said that years later, without the
Forest Park and the Wandering-ponderers.
Abncy was a boring village full of narrow-
minded villagers. But. that's what happenes
When the Wundering-ponderer in all of us
has nowhere to go.

APRIL 30, 1976‘

 

ueiszcredibilityslthinkrSA win-st =i '  -. ' 
income" of our next administration,” um n, lcmﬁhmy' "Id 1 m

Steve DiMeo. I
Pf ' lect-

 

    a

in.
.\\~ \5

‘m/V'r Wok/ex MAAM. . . AF7EE THE EC770A/
ILL Baa/20W your? HAT PIN ’

fOCUS
Who's Nu

On the Republican side of the Presidential
race this year there is a lot of talk regarding
this country‘s military strength. Ronald
Reagan hammers awaydcclaringthat the Un-
ited States is number two to the U.S.S.R.
militarily. President Ford continually rctorts
by declaring that we are still numbcr one. The
President proves this by pointingtothc rccord
Sl l3 billion defense budget which was ap-
proved rcccntly. a $14 billion i ncreasc over lust
year.

As Republicans Ford and Reagan arc in
harmony on the following points: it. a l‘cdct'nl
budget dcl'icit is bad and should bc eliminated.
b. programs should be cut in ordcr to balance
th e budget. and c. you should cut thc gcncrnl
Dcl'crul budget. but don't touch the l)cfcnsc
Department budget. President Ford cnn \‘cto
bills left and right saying that this social
program or that social program is wasteful but
thc Defense budget remains intact.

We rccognitc that a good portion of thc
Dcfcnsc budget goes for salary outlays. Wluu
is questionable in the increased outlays is not
the salarics involved but rather the money up-
propritttcd for new weapon systems. likc thc
li-‘l bomber and the Trident submarine. A lot
ol these projects which Weren‘t passed
previously rcccived easy passage this year. duc
largely to the politics of an election year.

Perhaps the whole debate on military
strength between Ford and Reagan could he
hmuttht to a grinding halt with the l'ollowmg
question: what is wrongif wcarc numbertwu‘.’
The way Reagan is talking you‘d think the
Russians were ready tojump the llcrlin Wall
tomorrow to take over Westcrn Europe by
military force. and the day after tomorrow
American Gls would haveto once again storm
the beaches of Normandy.

llthe Soviets were goingtojump the Berlin
Wall tomorrow then we might have to worry
“hm” gearing up a war-machine second-to-
“OHC. its we did over it generation ugo. lint tlnu
doesn't appear as if it‘s goingto happen. In lltc

.u—n

mber One?

' ' by David Troeger -:

latc |97lls and early |9805 it seems more likely
that non-communist European nations will be
persuaded to communism more by intellectual
pcrsuusion than by military bludgconing. as
scents to bc the trend in Italy and France.
Billions of dollars of military hardware will
not change lhc hearts and minds of u people
committcd to a new Littlsc. We should huvc
learned that lesson from our Victnttm cx-
pcncncc.
l‘hc onc u\cnuc in WillL‘it we should not be
satisfied with being sccoml-lo-nonc is that
area which is concerned with the pursuit of
democratic principlcs. Al'lcr thc full of
democracy In India lust summcr “c hcrc rc-
mum onc ol the lc\t working dcmocrucics in
lhc world. Though our system docs have gross
tujustlccs lll lhc \cr) tungiblc drstrubution of
cconnmic \tcolth let's not lorch to look at thc
total picture. ()urs ollcts lrccdoms lll lhosc
pursuits dear to the \Cl) \pll'll o| mun uhich
the communist notions comc nonhctc ncur in
ollcring. and which. in compm tsion. points up
the slntllonncss o1 thc communist within;
This Is u but Alcsksundr Sol/henna) u nus bccn
trying to tcll thc Wcslcrn world since his cxilc
from thc Soviet Union. lhc communist tdcul
miqu be fine hill where is the concern for m-
dividunl Ircctlorns and libcrtics'.’ It just isn‘t
there.
9
So. ucst timc a candidntc complains that
we‘re numbcrtwo qucstion to yourscll \vhttt hc
mcuns by that. liven as u sccond in defense
capability. with the massive weapons ttrscnul
we have we should bc able to offer an effectch
deterrent to Russian force. But if we are sc-
contl( third. or lourth) in the pursuit ofthosc
democratic principlcs which are at the core of
thc Amcrican ideal then the time will have
come (or perhaps it‘s already here) to despair
and worry. bccuusc all )ur military hardware
will be merely propping up a dccuyingsncicty
whose time of greatness and grandeur has past
and Will never cotuc again.

In May. student meal plan holders will reap the benefits of FSA board rebates. The 
rebates will be returned to students. not in checks. green stamps, or podium parties—  .'
but in cash. I '

Contrary to the management's expectations. FSA'will show an esti mated $295,000
profit from meal plans. It is only ﬁttingthat this excess be returned tothose individuals
who were inadvertently over-charged on board rates. To do otherwise with the money L ’
would be nonsensical and inequitable. 

Profits gleaned from the meal plans have long been used to compensate for losses 1 '
incurred in the operation of several other FSA units. In recent years. thetrend has been ;
to take pressure off of the meal plans. and distribute the load more evenly amongst
other FSA units. The recently approved board rebates are the most tangible signs of
this trend.

The money could have been channeled back into FSA for one purpose or another——
but it wasn‘t. The idea to returnrthe excess to meal plan holders in the form of rebates
originated with FSA President Stu Klein. Though the resolution was passed
overwhelmingly by the FSA Board of Directors, the Board's strong support for the
motion was largely the result of Klein’s lobbying efforts.

Whether board rebates would have ever come about without the influence of Klein
and other involved students is open to speculation. But the fact is there will be board
rebates—when there might not have been.

Backing Bottles

It is good toscc concern for the environment shining brightly once againafter having
been clouded for so long by economic and political issues.

NYPIRG has finally convinced FSA to start a pilot project on State Quad with
returnable bottlcs replacing cans. The long owrdue experiment may prove the
feasibility of u university-wide changeover. If the plan works on the universitylevel. it
will serve as an example to state legislators and could inﬂuence future legislation.

Oregon is already a returnable bottle state. and has proven that the conversion is
both environmentally and economically sound on a large scale.

Even though students will be getting less soda for the same quarter. State Quad
residents are willing to go along with the conversion.

Even though FSAmaytakc a loss. the Board of Directorsis willingto go along with
the conversion.

Dollar amounts are beingignorcd by all involved. and rightfully so. For in the long
run. everyone will beneﬁt.

Especially mother nature.

 

é , saw.

PRES

MAS'I'HEA I) STAFF
Sl'lil’llliN DZINANKA
MANMnNt; sorrow Silt-:Nt'ra Raomo
Ntws rorrtm DAvm WlNZlitJliiRG
Ahhm'l/tfl. Mws rur‘roas .................................... .. ANoruiA lltaaztuaao. CYNTHIA HAt'lNlJ
l'nonrr'rtoN MAhAl'l‘“  Lomsr; Masks
Assot‘ulr. I’ltllllllf‘l'lON MANAGIMS..........................................ELLEN Fan l’uu. Mou'un
Enrroaiar. muss tnrrnn KIEN Wax
Ath it Haitians Lotions ...................................... ..NAthl FltlliDLANltlElt. SltzvnteN ElSlSNMAN
Svuu‘ls rnrroa  NA'I'IIAN SAL/tN'r
(\hnttt'lA‘ll. svoa'ts l.l)l'lttll.. .................. .. Mtt‘llAl-Zl. i’ll-iKARSKI
onm‘rrert. summits ..Jr:nnv Arum-rut. Its let‘KERMAN
Assor'urr anvttulsrm. MANAhHl ..................................... ..l.rsx llIrINoo
KliNNE'rll Conn
DANIEL O‘CONNOR

Enrrou IN rum

 

 

 

('Iassmrrronxrrtn MANAGER
“llblNl'le “‘N‘I'H‘

 

 

.H'tttl/ writers: ltnnicl (inincs. Betty Stcin. l’aul Rosentltul. Sue Miller. llryun Hui/berg

.AI.I'. it Amh'uc A'cnzt ,llutmgt'rr: Matt Kaufman. Kitn Sutton

f'rt't'lt'lt'.‘ Joyce l-‘cigcnbnum

lit/Intg.‘ Huc Dorrtrcs

(‘ont/nottion Inwmgcr: Ellen lioiscn
Annttmt ('o/upuriliun managch Patrick McGlynu

Ht'tltl ll‘/II.\I.' leslic [Eisenstein

I'rrlrfllt'llrlll.‘ Janet Adlcr. l’utty Ahcrn. Joan Ellsworth. Judi Heitncr. Marge Hogarth. Vicki
Kurt/mun. Kathy Lam, Marc Love. Tunin Levy. Michele Lipton. Rich Mermelstein, Janet
Mcunicr. Susan Miller. Debbie Ricgcr. Joan Silverblntt

.ltr/Vt'rlisfttg production: .Icff Aronowilt. lirian Cahill. Kelly Kira. Anne Wren

Graphics manager.- Roberta Goldman

Atlmtm’strulivu Assistant: Jerelyn Kaye

Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and Camera Club

The Albany Student Press Is published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year except
holidays. Editorial polio y is the respottslblllty uflhe Edi/or In Chief and subject to review by the
[Matthew] Staff. Main ofﬁce: CC 329.- telephom': 457.8892. Address mall to: Albany Student
Press. CC 129. I400 Washington Avenue. Albany. Nl’12222. thdedbysmtientAssociation.

 

 

 

 

