  

J-{fzr—zzt‘rrragﬁ- . .

Writ“: ‘ ‘

i,
i
f

l
l;

  

 

 

 
 

r-

 

 

 

by William Heller

As the disappearance of the fall foliage
accelerates and daytime temperatures dip into
the forties with windehills dipping even
further into‘ the tltirties we can be sure of the
rppidly approaching winter season.

Winter means lots of things to lots of peo-
ple. To some. it means skiing; to others. it
means green and blue parkas with furry
hoods;'to still others. it means snowmen
(snowpersons?). But alas. to me and to those
like me, it meansan end to podiating.

Podiating is not unique; (although the word

itself might be) to Albany State. To podiate is' .

to be—to hang out. Here. we do it on what is
ofﬁcially referred to as the “academic
podium.“ As we all know full well, this is a
mere ruse. used by those who named things in
this school. in order to get state funding.

In the past. this has worked. but it's become
apparent that the State Legislature has caught
on to our little game and accordingly has
begun large financial cutbacks.

There are many different forms of
podiating. Even in our own school this fine art
takes various forms. One can podiate on the
second floor lounge of the. library. The
rationale behind this. I suppose. is that in the
midst of all the knowledge ina library. one can
easily learn while podiating and podiate while
learning. One can podiate in the campus
center. on the quad, or even on a person's front
porch (I often dothis to practice). These are all
fine. but only to a certain point.

The true classic haven for the serious stu-
dent of podiating is the podium. There is no
denying this. Anyone who has ever podiated
through the one o'clock rush on a Monday],
Wednesday or Friday afternoon“will know
what I am talking about. It is a rush, in more
ways than one.

For the recluse. it is a chaneetosturtanew~
a golden opportunity to see and meet many
folks. For the social butterfly. it‘s a chance to

exchange gossip with countless friends. For
the veteran podiator, it is simply a pleasure.

During the podiuting season (roughly from
the end of August till the middle ofNovember
and again from the middle of March till the

end of May). rcul podiators must learn to sur-
vive on podiating food. The favorites include
cashews and raisins. granola. and Freihofers.
A heretic may claim that man (person) does

f  ’P‘odiating. . .

not live by cashews and raisins, granola anr‘.
Freihofers alone. but no one should question
the true podiating dogma. Hardcore and
veteran podiators do not take their task light-
ly; it is not a joking matter.

The podium is a big place and the novice
might wonder where the best spots are. of
course, it is preferable to be inthe sun. This is
most enjoyable. Obviously, it is also best to be
where there is a good view of many people.
Near the steps leading to the lecture centers
(on the campus center side). there are many
fine spots. Quite a few veterans like to podiate
on the four-sided. cement combination bush
holders/benches. The proper teminology for
these is podies (plural) or a podi (singular).

Podiating presents a fine opportunity to
read the newspaper. do the crossword puzzle,
or just watch people. Podiators have almost
complete freedom except for one restriction.
No work is allowed. True, it is common for
even hardcore and veteran podiators to com-
plain about work, or- even attempt (un-
successfully' of coitrse) to do some. But real
work has no place within the territorial limits
of the academic podium.

Sure. podiatingsounds like lots of fun—and
it is—but it can also be dangerous. The biggest
threat to safe podiating is the killer podium
bee. These wild animals often buzz folks
eating their sustaining podiating food. Short
of strategic bombing, it seems as if nothing can
be done to rid the podium once and for all of
these bettsties. We can destroy one or two oc—
casionally (as podium killer-bee killer Homer
will testify), but keepingin mind Darwin's sur—
vival of the fittest. this will only serve to
create a future generation of super killer
podium bees.

Bythe time thespring comes and I graduate.
I will be a seasoned podiator. I don‘t know if
any occupations call for podiatingexpcrience.
but I really don't care. I’odiuting is a pleasant
activity or non-activity, its some choose to call
it.

It‘s nice to be able tojttst sit in thcsun, relax,
and be with friends. I wouldn‘t trade my
podiating time for more hours ofstudyingand
better grades. I!" I had a choice between
podiuting or becoming a big corporate lawyer
or accountant. I think I'd podiate.

l’odiuting rl‘ll miss it. but we still have the
spring to look forward to.

 

 

 

1 the
E 932533
SPEUPIUG.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

cares for Columbus?

To the Edtor:

In Tuesday‘s ASP. “Name Witheld" tried to
compare the signiﬁcance of a historical obser-
Vance with a religious one. The author was
neglectful or ignorant of the facts.

In the first place. the observance of the
Jewish holidays (especially the High
Holidays) requires the abstinance from work.
including class attandanee. The observance of
Columbus Day certainly has no such restric-
tions. The suspension of classes for the Jewish
High Holidays is certainly a service provided
by the University directed toward a majority
factor of Albany State. ll‘there is dissatisfac-
tion with this cause for class suspension. I
suggest that “Name"speakto his local Univer-
sity Senate member.

As for the line about all Americans
celebrating Columbus Day. I suspect a few
Scandinavians might dispute the historical
significance of that day, as well as someone
such as I. who cares as much about Columbus
Day as "Name Witheld" cares tbout Yom
Kippur.

Mark J. Chassen

female

chauvinist pigs...

To the Editor:

In response to Carol Reid's and R. Kissnne‘s
letters of last Friday and the Friday before,
I'm afraid I have to criticize Ms. Reid‘s the
most for her insensitive and cruel approach to
Mr. Kissanc's way of thinking.

Mr. Kissanc is so obviously a “Male
Chauvinist l’ig“ that I need not say
anything more. Ms. Reid. however. hides
behind the facade of the “Liberated Women".
the indignant wotnett. Women‘s Liberation. itt
sortie aspects has gone to such extremes, it has
become the female-counterpttrt. the “Female
Chuuvinist l’ig.“ Instead of condemning. try
to show a better way.

Most women have only recently realized
that they needed “liberation”. mostly because
of intense publicity. increased knowledge
about society and women's role in it attd the

fact that society has changed cttottglt to pre-

sent ideas of a new role for women. Men have
not had that benefit.

Men have set roles in society also. which
often include emphasis on physical prowess.
sports. coarseness about sex, the idea that men
have to be dominant. etc. If a man does not
meet these expectations. he is considered at
failure, different (a mild term). a queer (usual.
ly not a reference to his homo or heterosex al-
tractions). or just plain weird.

I don't suggest Men's Liberation (though it
might do some good). nor Women's Libera-
tion (though it's done a lot of good). but
PEOPLE'S LIBERATION. How can women
become ‘liberatcd‘ when males are dctermtned
to lock them into place? How can men become
'free' to be people when women and other men
put chains on them?

Instead of attacking men. attack the values
ot‘society that would allow such things as rape
(not a crime committed just for the sex).
crimes of violence and sex discrimination (or
any kind for that matter). Let's educate each
other: show ourselves a better Wit) ol Me. I‘m
looking. others are. Liberate men and you “’1”
now (with all the work that has ttircttti) been
done) inadvertantlv liberate women. and that.
my friend. is I‘EOI’LE‘S LIBERAI lt).\‘.

Rn) “all

...and Wellington

women

To the Editor:

In response to R. Kissane‘s letter about sex
at SUNYA as a resident at the WelltnstonJ
would like to set the author straight. i‘IrsI of
all. the suggestion—flint the hotel be converted
into a “co-ed brothel" was itt very poor l.t\lt‘.
Has this person ever stayed in the hotel" It
seems that lie/she is very prejudiced lll tegntd
to the hotel. Second. why designate the
Wellington? I know for a lttet tlnn lilt' \ttlllt'
things ltappett on-campus as well as oll, Sun-l)
the person who wrote that letter cottltl tlnttl ot
a better location on campus. ||ll\l\ ttl‘
'I’HE ADVANTAGES! I'hose couples \\ttlliti
ttot evctt have to leave campus; I here u onld be
no long wait for a bus attd no need to L'IltilllL'

the twenty-five minute ride (thtnl ot All that
time wasted!)

I really wonder if the author ol tlt.n it‘llt‘l
has ever been to the student putt “I the
Wellington. The people that lt\e hett- tllt' lll\|
like those on campus (believe II to IItIl'I titlt'N

Mr./Ms. Ktssanc think that ilL‘t'.ll|\t' m Inm-

  

 

     
             
       
   
     
         
         
       
     
       
       
         
         
     
    

 

 
 
      
      
  

   
   

    
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  

  

 at M —v- . 3.. 1.. awning-2‘.- .rx. 

f r

"i
C

r

$4.. x
So you saw Age Yankees

w.

 

FEIFFER

I MAS
Fad)? EIGHT

w eummrm

 

 

 

 

  

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

