Fleeh Gordon.
BILL osco'e . . .

AN X-RATED MUSICAL COMEDY

STARRING PLAYBOY’S COVER GIRL KRISTINE DE BELL
WITH LARRY GELMAN - ALLAN NOVAK - TERI HALL
AND JASON WILLIAMS. STAR OF “FLESH GORDON"
DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY JOSEPH BARDO
LYRICS AND MUSIC BY BUCKV SEARLES
ARRANGED AND CONDUCTED BY JACK STEARN & PETER MATZ
A SOCIATE PRODUCER JASON WILLIAMS
PRODUCED BY WILLIAM OSCO - DIRECTED BY BUD TOWNSEND

[g A GENERAL NATIONAL FILMS RELEASE m

 

 

 

FOX COLONIE l & 2 Call theatre for times
Wolt‘ Rd. opp. Macy‘s 4594020

 

Every Sunday, Monday& Tuesday

A Feast uoronteed to stagger the im I’nation, stortt' with our tumours
ANTIPASg‘t‘O Met and .t'ottowed by beeﬁng platters o; Sgat‘uIEm ,PtlflA.
LASAoNA,MeAreAus.sAu5Aoe and MORE. And to too It on, an icy
mug at BEER,gobtet oi: WINEMomother beverage.

  under tO

served Sunday t2 Noon to IIPM- Monday cfueedm/ 4m to IIPM

ta ALBANY
e Western Av. at Fuller Rd.

 

 

 

 

SPEAKERS FORUM
presents

CHRIS RUSH

- Comedian
- Star oi last year’s

outdoor show

$1.00 III/tax
$2.00 We

First thy tlcet sales for card holders only

1 ticket per tat card
mm" 6 tickets per person

SAT OCT 9 8.00 PM
PAG€ HALL

(pert oi Draper)

tickets now on sale in SA Contact Office
and at the door it still left.

funded by .rlurlent crruclurlun

IAIE BUSES Will BE
PROVIDED

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

L

 

University Concert Board
presents

Deadly nightthode

the Palace Theatre
Friday, October 15

at 8:00 p.m.

3.50 w/S.A. Tax Cord
5.50 for General Public

Tickets are now on sale at the S.A. Contact Oﬂlce,Just-A-Song
and the Palace Theatre.

buses will leave the uptown circle at 7:15 pmto Palace Theatre.

e
Tickets:
Itmtt b/pereon
l Io: tar

Tickets for buses can be purchased only through the SA.
Contact Office on Oct. 5 to Oct. I2.

‘ i  ,  Coincidence? cm}:

by Toni sciatic-no
A etranp coincidence occurred a while ago
which was hardly mentioned—it'at alt—in any

‘ newspapers. Back in August. we all heard
A about another case of “communist

aggression”—the death of two American Gig
in Korea. The media presented the entire
episode to us as a direct provocation by the
North Koreans. This was not unusual. con-
sidering the attitudes we‘ve developed about
North Korea in the twenty-six years since the
Korean War.

About this same time, President Ford was
eagerly courting the “right-wing“ of the
Republican Party. Ronald Reagan had donea
good job ofmaking Ford look like a sucker for
the ‘Commies‘. at least inthe eyes ofsome. But
Ford's reaction tothc Panmunjon tree-cutting
incident smacked of the ‘toughncss' Reagan
boasted about for himself; various rein-
forcements. including bombers and
battleships. were sent in immediately. Ford
quickly earned a reputation to counter
Reugans criticisms.

Meanwhile. in South Korea. the trial of
cightecn people who criticized the government

was drawing to a close. These eighteen had
been nicknamed the “democratic per-
sonalities" for issuing. on March I. a
"Declaration for Democracy and National
Salvation." The group included the only living
former president of South Korea. prominent
anti-communist politicians, and various
religious leaders. With the fear of North
Korean attack imminent. the South Korean
people knew that criticism of the government
played into the enemy‘s hands—even if that
criticism were of a democratic nature.
Therefore. the Park Chung Hi regime was able
to hand out stiff prison terms to all eighteen.
and escape much of the verbal attack it might
have received if the situation had been
different.

Oddly enough. this case of “communist
aggression" did some good for Presidents
Ford and Park. This is where we might start
wondering how much of u coincidence this in-
cident was.

()nc fact that received Very little attention in
the US. media was that tile Itxcs used in the
I’nnntunjon incident. the weapons used to kill
the two Americans. belonged to the the

 

 

,

f

Gremlin Village6

 

 

...N01HI5 course mm NEXT WEEK... i
/

, '91“an lltlitllt
I II)’. ’ ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MEL BROOKS
Ml‘li'I‘Y FELDW‘N
DOM DeLOUIa‘E

SARAH MILES
KRIS KRIBTOFFERSON
6:30.825.

0: 0

 

 

Excdrng Theatres Under One Roof
A NEW DIMENSION IN CINEMA LUXURY

7:00 memo“ - nae! melt
9”" harem PIOPLI”

‘Iﬁmlinauna (Pp nu upli- I’m m min; ‘npr‘rbw willmusc mu.
‘7'! my willdielurbsou. ‘71; eating! will dank!”

CIE1-2i-3-4-5-6

. . JHEIHLIiLL‘J.

mutttrwar Mutt

“1.113111

Imii

( pectl'ieelly the

Amen I
swlturland).Thereuonthi would own “,4

Few would swallow the idea .
Korean soldiers asked American Ohio! their
axes, and the latter complied with thereqtteﬂ.

Another thing that received little attention
in the us. media was the North Korean side
of the story. (This isn't too difﬁcult to undere-
tand either; yet. the North Korean Permanent
Observer Office to the UN puts out daily press
releases which any newspaper. radio or TV
station can obtain.) The North Koreans
naturally claimed the Americans started it—.
specifically. by throwing an axe.

i

for repression. what would be better; than to
start a little skirmish on an uneuy border,and' .
blame the communists? But since we lack any
concrete facts. we could be justly criticized for.
forming such conclusions. People should look '
into this incident to see-how another case of
“communist aggression” was probably a cue
of a thief yelling “Stop thief."

Wonderful World of Cable

by Cary Scott Goldinger

I don't know about you. but it seems I'm
having morelcisurc time this year than in the
past three years. At first. I thought it might be
because of all the gut courses I‘m takingthis
year. but that‘s no different than before. Then.
I thought it might be because I'm taking lcss
credits. but that‘s not it either. Finally it hit
me; this academic institution is so complete
that our schedules are designed to give us more
“free time" during our senior year. This is to
prepare us for tire next few years. wbcn we'll
have all the time in the world as new members
of the unemployed. Experience always helps.
But we shouldn‘t waste our “free time“ by
sleeping (or sleeping it off). fill in those voids
by partaking inthe “wonderful world ot'tclcvi-
sion."

'I'httt's right. television. I'.V.. the hoobtuhc.
modern day‘s answer to the babysitter. Not
just any old 'I.V.. I'm talking about cable
television. the new \vondcr machine with 30-
count 'cm-Ji) different channels. That little tan
and beige control unit can do practically
anything. except the dishes. You see the
movies. watch the stock market. catch the
weather (without usingthc phone) and the late
sports. just to mention a few.

01' course. with every good there‘s some
hard. For instance. by now] really do knowthe
“Blackout Laws.“ And where else can you
catch all thecpisodcs of the Honeymooners on
the same night. It’s on at |___

3P0":
Sat., Oct. 2 -
Great Dane Football vs. RIT

A SPORTS

“:30 on 24. I2100 on 22. and l2:30 on 24
again. “And away we go!”

That‘s right. it‘s time for the old shows to
return (that‘s return. not rerun) and new
shows to take a crack at it. sometimes. tojuice
up the ratings. the “oldies” add a new twist. or
sttbtruct one. For those of you who haven‘t
heard the sad news yet. there‘s no pleasant way

To tcll you. so I‘ll give it to you straight; Rhoda

and .loc arc “splitsvillc”. More people watch-
cd their wedding two years ago than the
number of times Franco "died" and Patty
llcitrst took “the fifth" combined. Is nothing
sacrcd anymore? Even Archie Bunker was suf-
fcring from the Seven Year Itch.

The biggest rip-off by television is the
special one-hour. season premiere shows.
At'tcr sitting through [lap/tr Days last week.
and watching Fonzic fall in and out of love
and back in again in only twenty minutes
(that‘s one hour minus commercial interrup-
tion). I felt chctttcd when t he “to be continued
next week“ sign was i'lushcdocross the screen.

liut then again. I've got all the “frcc time" in
thc world. So ljust set the channel selector at
one and slowly work my way through all the
stations. it‘s too bad that this is the last year
for Mary ’lylr'r Moore. I even liked her on the
old Dick Van [likes/row. ivhichincidentaily.
is on at 6:30 on channel 2.1. 7:00 on 24. and
7:30 on channel 25. Maybe I'll take up knit-

DOUBLEHEADER

1:20 p.m.

With John Fallon & .loe Cafr'ero
With Al's Attic. the Pregame Show

Great Dane Soccer vs. Cortland
Picked up in progress following football
with Mark P/evr'n & Mike Pickarski

sponsored in part by Ilrt’ IIL’II'

RIII/M‘lt‘l'fft'r l'uh.’

WSW - TIIE SP0!” “0

 

 

 

 

It“) '

Speedreading Classes

Now Forming

The SUNY College of General Studies is now
making available the course of American
Speed reading Academy.

Register Immediately.

First Class: Thursday. October 7. 6 p.m. to 9 p.m.

Fee: As low as $|7.90 per session '
Classes also available Wednesday evening.

IFor Registration Information and Interview contact:
Gerry Flores 7854535

Dr. Millard Harmon 472-7508 (on campus) .

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

