 
 
 
 
 
 
      
  
  
   

  
  
      
  
   
  
   
   
    
   

   
   

  

 

      
     
    
     
        
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
    
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
 
    
  
    
     
   
  
     
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  

iii-LLHECAA" "

M. 5;;

    
 

’ "a'nt!3v‘rgl ,m‘a‘gglcog. _~,.

“‘3' 9"? .—.,...-,.,.-

9(a)... ALI

“w  ‘

s

 

 

,,
.‘1

jor conference with great hopes for
itself and rising et'tpectations about
.Iirnmy Carter. "The menu is suf-
ficiently delectable for us all.”
remarked Vermont Gov. Thomas
Salmon as the seven~state con-
ferenoe came to an end Sunday.
The governors put together an
agenda full of federal aid programs
designed to redress what they see as
previous federal discrimination
a’inst the Northeast. The agenda
will be handed to Caner and the new
Congress. and the governors were
conﬁdent they would find a friend in
carter.
Pennsylvania Gov. MiltonShapp

' talked in terms of “B.C. — before

Carter.” Like all other members of
the; five-month-old Coalition of

' Northeastern Governors. Shapp is a

Democrat and charged that the last

two national Republican ad-

ministrations had treated the region
. with “blatant neglect."

Carter’s chief issues campaign ad-
visor told the ' “ ‘ ,
night that the President-elect looked
favorably on the developing regional
approach. The coalition. organized

' and pulled together by New York

 

Connecticut.‘ New Jersey. Rhode
Island and Massachusetts. in addi-
tion to Vermont. Pennsylvania and
New York. Salmon acknowledged
that he and others had had “some
fear that this would turn into a 'Save
New.York City‘ operation. He said
those fears had been wiped out by
Carey's concern for the common
economic problems of the region
and the hard work turned in by the
loo or more scientists. business and
labor leaders, and government of-
ficials who staffed the conference
workshops.

The major regional idea to come
out of the weekendrneeting at the
state-owned Gideon Putnam Hotel
here is a proposal for a Regional
Energy and Development Corp. It
would be started with “seed money"
from member states and then sell
taxable bonds to raise investment
capital for strategic energy.
transportation and other develop-
ment projects within the region. The
key is a federal guarantee for the cor-
poration‘s bonds. which would
signiﬁcantly lower the interest costs
to the w-r ' Carter advisor
Stuart Eizenstat said he could not
absolutely endorse the federal
guarantee plan on Carter's behalf.
but he stopped just short of that.

“We’ll have tremendous politics-

clout in the coming congress." com 7 ‘

merited Shspp. adding up the size of

the congressional delegations,

representing the seven states.

A measure of the import attached ‘

to the regional energy agency
proposal is that it came into the con-
ference as the Regional Energy
Development Corp. But it left with
an “and” in the title -— Regional
Energy and Development Corp. ——
greatly increasing its scope. Felix
Robatyn. the Manhattan investment
banker who worked closely with
Carey on the New York City ﬁscal
crisis. is the main sponsor of the
emerging corporation idea.
Speciﬁc Platte

Other specific plans endorsed by
the governors include an immediate
increase in the federal share of
welfare funding. at an estimated
yearly cost of $2.5 billion. The plan
would push federal subsidy levels
from a 50-80 per cent range to a 75-
90 per cent range. Currently most
Northeast states get reimbursed at
the low end of the scale. while

southern states are reimbursed at the ‘

higher end. The governors pointed
to that proposal ——which would help
all states —as proofthat they did not
want to take money “out of the
hides" of the Sunbelt states.

Bizarre Kidnap Trial Continues

WHITE PLAINS. N.Y. (AP) The
Bronfman kidnap trial goes into its
2lst day oftcstimony'today withthis
bizarre question still unanswered:
did the whisky heir engineer his own
kidnaping or are his accused abduc-
tors trying to make him their victim is
second time‘lThe defense argues that
if there were no real kidnaping—as it
claims—the jury should bring in a
verdict of innocent. If found guilty.
the two defendantscould be sentenc-
ed Io a maximum prison term of 25
years to life. ‘

Defendant Mel Patrick Lynch

says he had had a homosexual
relationship with Samuel Bronfman
2nd and that the heir actually
engineered his own kidnapping to
extort millions from his father.
Bronfman denies this. That leaves
the jurors to determine whether his
alleged abductors were not only
ruthless enough to kidnap him in the
first place. but also to falsely accuse
him in an attempt to either shorten
their terms. if convicted. or to beat
the rap altogether.

Lynch's co-defendant. Dominic
Byrne. claims he was duped into the

 

*

 

LAST CHANCE SALOON presents

PARADOX

Fri. Nov. 19 0 Sat. Nov. 20
109 Central Ave. Albany

1k

 

 

 

Now there Is a way to

we'd like to meet you.

 

 

I GIMP III IOW-
Wlilllllll law school.

What can you do with onl Iadbachelor’s degree?

r 99 the a between a
undergraduate education and a chalﬁan‘ging. responr1
slble career. The Lawyer's Assistant Is able to do

work traditionally done by lawyers.

Three months of Intensive training can give you
the skills—the courses are taught by lawyers. You
choose one of the seven courses offered—choose
thglclty  ou want to work.

nce . c Institute for Parale al Trainln
has placed more than 1600 graduates iii law IlrmsiI
bankséfgd corporptlon's  raver 75 cities. '
re a sen or o 9 academic standin
are nterested in a career as a Lawyer's Asslgstgiiij.

Contact your placement office for an Interview with
our representative.
We will visit your campus on

THURSDAY. DECEMBER 9

The Institute for
Paralegal Training

235 South 17th Street Phltsdelﬂhl .Pen
kw "a nsylvanla isios
Operated by Para-Legal. Inc.

 

kidnapping and got caught up in a
situation beyond his control. Lynch.
38. and Byrne, 54. were accused of
kidnapping Bronfman. 22. from the
driveway of his mother‘s estate in
Purchase. N.Y.. on Aug. 8 last yctir
and holding him nine days for a $2.3
million ransiim

Bronfmtin‘s hither. Edgar. chief
executive of the Seagram Co.. Ltd..
paid the ransom which was
recovered when FBI men and city
police freed the victim from Lynch's
apartment in Brooklyn. The state
has presented 47 witnesses so far.
,mostly FBI men. in an attempt to
prove the kidnapping actually oc-
curred. that ti ransom was paid and
that Lynch and Ilyrne committed the
crime alone.

Not Liker Persons

The defense. in cross examining
the witnesses. has tried to show that
Lynch. a fireman. and Ilyrne. ti
limousine operator with it family.
were not likely persons for the com—
mission of such it crime. It also has
attempted to indicate Bronfmiiii.
who was found loosely bound with
his hands in front of him with “it
freedom“ of about six to eight inches
between his wrists. had the oppor-
ltiittty to escttpc.

()nc FBI mart said Lynch ttnd
Byrne took turns guarding him and
that Lynch. who worked his normal
I'ircman‘s hours those nine days. told
him he went to sleep iiftcr
llronfmttn-r—who was worth millions
of dollars to him—fell ttslccp.

Lynch's litwycr. Walter Higgins.
charged thttt Bronfman forced his
client into the caper by threatening
to tell the New York City Fire
Department of his homosexuality.

 

Corrections
In Friday's Albany Student
Press. in the article entitled
“Library Restores Sundtty
Hours", it was reported that the
iibl'lll')’ will be open from I2 noon
to midnight. 'l'hese hours will not
be in effect until Dec. 5. Until.
then. Sunday hours will be from I
pig. until l2 midnight.

n page two. the continuatio
of “UAS Continues ProfitiibI:
Irend‘: was incorrectly titled
“Nqust Speaks Here”.

 

 

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

  
  
  
 

Rhodesian Black Rule Is Scheduled

GENEVA; Switzerland (AP) Britain yesterday proposed a new comp".misc
timetable for transition to black majority rule in Rhodesia its hliickond whit.
negotiators met for the first time in lo days. Ivor Richard. the British
chairman of the conference. proposed at the 30-minute session to sun
deadline of March 1. I978. for the transfer of power with the proviso that it
could come as early as Dec. I. I977. if the necessary constitutional illld legal
procedures could be completed earlier. The two key African Woman“
leaders, uPatriotic Front" allies Robert Mugabe and Joshua Nkomo‘ said
they would respond Tuesday. Mugabe and Nkomo have insisted on making
December, 1977. the target date with a possible extension to March. I978.

Syrian Peace Forces Enter Beirut

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) Syrian troops and tanks of the Arab Leaguc
peacekeeping army rolled into Beirut yesterday to complete the occupation
of the Lebanese capital and try to end the l9 months of Christiitn-Moslem
civil war. Spokesmen for the warring Lebanese and Palestinian fuctionssaid
the invasion was a 99 per cent success by midmorning. But sporndic firing
continued between radical Palestinians and right-wing Christiiin militiamen
in the rubble-strewn heart of the city. The Syrians controlled the city's liltiiu
and television stations. the central bank and government offices. and the 300-
yard-widc buffer dividing the city for three miles. Syrian ltirccs were also
moving into other areas of western Lebanon. There was no word. however. 0i
Syrian penetration into Moslem-held Tripoli and Sidon. (it) miles north llntl
25 miles south of Beirut. The Syrians also were staying iiwiiy lroln lht
southern border. apparently to avoid friction with Israel.

FBI Memo ls Subpoenaed by the House
WASHINGTON (AP) The chairman of a House commiticc iniustigtiiing
assassinations said yesterday he will subpoena an FBI memo indicating In
Harvey Oswald told Cuban officials he planned to kill I’rcsidcoi John 1’
Kennedy. Rep. Thomas N. Downing. D-Va.. said he is aware oi tltc nit-mo
only through news reports. But he said “I fEeI sure it was“ it rcqucsi trtirn ills
committee. established to probe the assassinations of Kcnncth llllii mil
rights leader Martin Luther King. that led to discovery til lilL' llIL'Illti Iht-
source said the memo was written in I964 by the late FIJI Dirt-cror .I. lzdgni
Hoover. who quoted a bureau informant as saying ()Swllitl told ('iiliiin
officials he planned to kill Kennedy. According to the sourcc. ilic inltirmnni
said his information come directly from Fidel Castro.

An Earthquake Rocks Peking

TOKYO (AP) A strong earthquake struck Peking yesterday rotting rtill
buildings and sending people screaming into the streets. according to lcptll'h
from the Chinese capital. There was no immediate word til tlttniiigc oi
casualties. The National Earthquake Information Service in (ioldcu. (tilt).
said. the quake registered 6.5 on the Richter scale and the Sconioltigiciil
Institute in Uppsaltt. Sweden. rated it at 6.8. Thiit would miikc ll comidcriihl.‘
weaker than the July'28 killcr quake in Tangshan. southctisi Iii l’uking. ltul
Silll capable of cttpsing scverc damage. Kyodo stiid l()tliI)-\ qiinkc “to
ilPPiIWnlly tin aftershock from the .Iuly blockbuster. lhc tillicinl ('Iiintir
media made no mention of the quake. .Iupiin's Kytido Nciu Sunny. in i
dispatch from Peking. said the tremor was felt at 9:54 pin. it SJ.i.in. I'Sl
lhc .litpttn Meteorological Agency said the quake WlIS upptiicmh L'L'IlIL‘iL'tl III
the northern Hopei province.

SEEC Comlsslon Discusses Price Hike

0f 1:?l’:;::::'iaé/\P) Economic and financial experts of tho t iig.iiii/.iiitni
recon. . d, - 4 “’0an Counlrles mct yesterdny in Iii-l“ up
.  mom tor an Increase m the Price of crude oil llic til'H
   (:Lgnnizt-ttion‘s headquarters under light [ItiilLt‘ giitirtl
smlcmcmﬁ wér‘c cg“)? (:0 '35! it chk or it) days. and no coiniiiiittiqiictoi
Ol’EC's eclinomiccpulc-  lnrol‘mtints stiid such il-l'CCtIllllllt‘lltilllltill lo
the western coumrif’lllmésslon was unavoidable "in View ol ilit- iiitlninin lll
OPEC oil-u The oil “fl-n. "1.6 S.ubsc‘lllllnl.erosionof the piirclitismgpourltil
am on {he rccomerlmsslcrs oi the l3 member countries (Ii Iiictillcdllt‘lhlil
All"outili not re llirrLdn “wins at “ "we‘ll"; "Pelllng Dcc I5 m Out-H
the)’ arc cxpcctcii toincuiilwdc by me rcmmmcpdmipm 0’ “M‘ml'nmum‘
to per ccm‘ ""m 1h“ Present base price of SI l.5l it liniiclni itd‘l

:mpsrlc‘ans Remain Captive In Europe

accused (ollhi'ii‘csﬂns court Yes'tefday denied extradition oi Ioiii AIIIL‘IIU‘H‘
(hemmed in 1H ipg a Delia-pimp” plane to Algiers in l‘)72. htil tlltit‘ll'ti
the {our reside ink: on the hijacking charge. The court tICCUPlUi lht- pit-mot
masons. In its in s o the Detroit. Mich.. area. that they had iIClt‘ti tor ptillllf‘”
were ﬂeeing rZXltttdlllon request. the United States Ciliil’llctl the 1W“ “1””
followed ihcr: Tﬁcuhon for common crimes and the two women Iiiid ooh
Tillerson 25  [c'PI‘OseclIif’l‘ recommended that George IIrimn. lit. .loyu‘
U.S. uutlioriii -cv|Y}:n McNair. 30. and Jean McNair. 30. be turned "‘L’l'“
held on char if: f etfour were arrested in Paris on May 2“ “"d “N W“
of m h“ g o usinglfulse passports. George Wright. “510" "5 ” "Wm

e ijiick party. is still at ltirge.

gaskrsyors Meet In Tel Aviv
mayhrs [I .(él )‘Ncw York Mill/or Abrithum I). Iiciimc iintl 15 “In” I 5
l“I'Mlilmilarivt.d Sunday for it I0-day visit that will include liliith with top
Minister  anion? Officials scheduled to meet with the iiittytlrhil'" mm
himon Pm: Rubin. President Ephraim Kiitzir ttnd “NW5” M'mmr
___—-—"

NOVEMBER 16, 1976

  

 
 

   

  
     
   

    

   
   
 
  

    
    
   

 

 

 

 

waits

Off Campus Association PresldentMlke Grill feels the chosen area Is a
strong point at the Student Dwelling proposal.

'rcnovationof. offcantpus student

by Jon Lafayette .

. A proposal to invest $20,000 for
housing will be brought before Cen-‘
tral Council on Wednesday. This
money. in additionto a 532.000 bunk
mortgage and a Sl0.000 federal
rehabilitation grant would allow
Student Dwellings. Inc. to begin a
program of buying buildings.
renovating them. and renting them
to students.

Student Dwellings Inc. iS‘il non-
profit corporation which wus started
in I97I. but had been “largely inac-
tive“ until the fall of I975. according
to director of housing John Welly.
Then thcre was It possibility of
building housing on the SUNYA
owned propertyiicross Fuller Road.
'I he project was stalled by t he luck of
some 5300.000 iii front money that

Pete Seeger Tutors RCO Class

by Edward Radcr

l’ctc Sccgcr.tltc Iolksingcr. t tirncd
tcttchcr for one hour last chncs—
titty.

llc visilcd llic Rhetoric of
American l‘tillt Sting class at the rc-
qticsl Iil his il‘iL'llLi. Richard Wilkic.
thc pi'olcsstir tilll Itc class. Dressed in
old hcll bottom jeans thtti stopped
:ibtnc lllb llIlitIL'h. hluc sneakers with
red sucks and :in old cotton shirt. ltc
itlthCl‘L‘ti questions its citsin its hc
pltiycd lhc biiiijti. iilwiiys giviitga lit-
tlc morc lilllll \I'tlh asked itil'.

Iiiicli oi his answers contained
some personal thoughts and obser-
vations and gave itlI insight into the
mun. Witcn il student asked hint
about the rhetorical intent of
foiksongs. Sccgcr explained that tile
meaning of many songs depends on
the interpretation of the listener.

lti illustrate hc sttitgttn old Scotch
bitiiilli culled "I)um Burton‘s
Drums". it ltl\L' song iihtiut at young
\toniitn u Itii drcnms ol Slilllcdlly bc-
iitg ti captain's \vilc. liven though the
song hits it happy ending. Sccgcr said
he didn‘t like its message. "I can't
sing this song without thinking ol‘ull
the foolish young women who il‘tIVC

UAS Imposes
Bank Key

by Ed (iriffiii

UAS Check Cashing hits imposed
it 25 cent charge on Bank Kcy ll‘llll-
stlclitills iii response to lungcr lines
and int'rcitscd tisc til the service.

littnk M). ii service ol {\titiontil
Ctimiitcrciiil litink \\'illt.‘ll tliit)W\
blink Ctlbltltlit‘t's it» make transac-
tions Willililll \ISIilIlg it lll’illlCil ol-
l'icc. is free ill other ithiIlltillS. in-
cluding I’I'icc (‘lttippcr and Shop
Rite.

“Wu htitc to nntkc our costs up
sititicwhct'c.“ hilld Audrey Risbcc. it
lcllcr Ill check cashing. "We can
process several checks ill the time it
takes to do out lliink Kcycustomer.
and the bunk didn't send us an
tipci'titor."

Risth iiddcd that tltc httnk. til the
request of UAS determined that the
charge was legal. The fee was set ill
25 cents to be consistent with the
standard check cashing fee.

’l‘licrc t’ll'C severtil differences
bchCCIl tlic Iiunk Kcy system and
the check ctishiitg system. U ndcr the
check cashing system. one may only
ctish personal checks up to $50 and
second party checks are not

NOVEMBER to. 1m

clittscd after it soldier of sortie kind.
To me it's asoitg of bitter disillusion-
ment."

Someone ttskcd hiin wlty he
thought people would take time out
of their lives to go and hour it song
played. He thought for it moment.
and tltcn answered. “The Bible tells
us llllll iii the beginningthcrc was the
word. I tltink they‘re wrottg. I think
that in the beginning there was the
beat. I don't know what the beat is
tcllirtg us. Perhaps that everything ill
life repeats itself.“

He had warned that lie Itiid "ti
tendency to dirch iit lll'.‘ mouth. so
you‘ll have to keep illL' on the right
track." but no out.- sccincdto mind. If
he felt the urgctocxprcss sonic of his
opinions. it came its no surprise to
anyone who knows of the mint.

I’ctc Scegcr the radical is probably
its well known ltS l’ctc Sccgcr thc
folksingcr. For over forty years he
has been singing. protesting. playing
music, and speaking his mind.

For the last ten years he has
devoted most of his time to an effort
to clean upthc Hudson River. an un-
dcrtttking tltttt litts united diverse
segments of the population.

Charge on
Transactions

accepted. l'hc littnk Key system pur-
mits withdrawals and deposits of tip
it) $l0tl and allows the deposit of se-

cond party cltcc ks.

Iicforc one can receive any money
through the litink Key system. tlll ill-
.stiitttitncous computer check is made

The topic was folk music. but the
"teacher‘s" thoughts Ilowcd over
everything from Chaucer (“He wrote
iii the best ltiiiguttgc spoken in
England“) in GE. who Sccgcr itc-
ciiscd of murdering people with the
pollutants they dump into the Hud-
son.

in discussing how tltc English
language is really it “slitngutigc”. or
combination of many languages. he
itiutlcllcd into it bit of philosophy.
“l'nt optimistic." ht: said. “because of
till the good Iolks irttltis \vorid.“ lltii.
on the other hand. ill: remained
largely pessimistic. "hccttusc our
technology is titking us closer and
closer to Niagara Hills." But he vow-
ed "I‘ll never give up."

The Ciilhs. which had swcllcd to
twice its normal sin: that day and iii-
cltidcd scvcriil professors illlilt.‘ RCO
dcpiirtntcnt. listened closely to what
he was saying. Sccgcr Ilith it way of
coiniitttitdiitg iitlciriioit CttSii)’
because oi the sincerity and intensity
with which he spcttks.

To close the hour |)r. Wilkicttsk-
cd him to sing It Icw oi the \‘clSCS of
“This Land Is Your Land". the
Woody (itlllll‘ic classic. thiit are not
taught in the public schools. Sccgcr
smiled and sung.

“As i was walking on that dusty
highway.

 

would be  andthe require-n
ment of a NY StatefAssembly bill -
: allowing construction on that piece j

 

of real.estate. .

President of the Off-Campus v,

Association. Mike Grill. said‘the

area chosen is a strong point of the

project. The Hudson Park area. one
of the federal restoration areas. is a
virtual “laboratory for the social
sciences“. according to Grill.
“The area is improving. the city of
Albany has made more im-
provements there than anywhere
else.“ Grill said. “It has a mixed pop-
ulation: poor. middle class. students.
cx-studcnts. There is also a strong.
functioning neighborhood associa-
tion. the Hudson l’ark.
Neighborhood Association.“
Initially. Student Dwelling will
purchase one or two buildings that
will house 9-24studcnts. These could
be ready for occupancy its early as

 

 

mortar  ,, _
improvements. “We would

    

(problems of the'rentors-as we
tenants“. said Grill. 'V '7 7 _

SA President Steve ,DiMeo  '
pushing this.project. stressing that;
the 520.000 is virtually risk-free.:"We
are investing the money in a real 7
asset. No matter what happens. we
will have the building." He added.
“We will be buying only class struc-’
tures. masonry with architectural
values."

The money will be coming from
the SA general fund. which has
about “5.000 in it. and a “70.000
Athletic Surplus. “Withdrawing the
money from either of these sources
will neither weaken SA. nor take
away from other projects." DiMeo
said.

 

locobs

RCO prolessor Richard Wilkle summoned the services of tolkslnger
Pete Seeger to teach tor a day.

I saw il sign that siiid Private
Property.

Hut on lllt: other side it didn‘t say
nothing.

this land is made for yoti and me."

It was ten minutes after the hour
and no one seemed ill ti lturry to
leave.

landlords. and we would seeboththe it»

   
   

til the kcyholdcr's account. If the
kcyltoldci‘ docs not have enough
funds to cover tltc cashing at It ptir-
iicultii check. “10 machine will con-
vcy such information. and Itot pcrv
rnit liltil check to bc cashed.

The Bunk Key recipient is issued il
credit card along with it personal
password. This word is Willll allows
only lillll kcyholdci‘ to deposit or
withdraw his money. ll'thecustomcr
were to lose his card. the ctird and his
word would be replaced.

Enrollment iii the compittci'i/cd
system takes about three weeks.
Mttny students are just now receiv-
ing their membership cords and
passwords. which iillow them to chair
checks and make deposits on cam-

"Business has picked up ti lot just
in the past two or three days." said
llisbee. “As for the quarter.
nobody‘s squiiwking to us."

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

. lotto

Cheek Cashing's Bank Key customers must pay a twenty-live cent service charge.

PAGE THREE

 
 
  
   
   
 
   
    
   
 

 

'1! '-.‘I‘

  

