marijuan riform, political ‘

meninges“ record, and
ballot , phlet bills), curbing sex dis-‘
elimination, egulstion of utility adver-

 

earmponsibilitylegi‘sla-
n' student lobbyists are ob.-
ull ~entester credit for working
_for,NYP 0 during this legislative ses-
gsion.‘ ‘ " ‘ ' . .

 
 
 

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION '
Site Energy:

. For years the utilities and federal
government have poured huge sums of
money into the promotion and develop-
ment of nuclear ﬁssion as a major source
of power for the United States. There are
still many unsolved problems with
nuclear energy, including transportation
and storage of nuclear wastes, reactor
safety procedures, sources of raw fuel,
and costs of processing(presently born by
the federal government). However,
almost sixty commercial nuclear plants
are now in operation with several hun-
dred more proposed for construction by
the year 2000.

NYPlRG's work in the area of safe
,energy was instrumental in a recent ban
on the transportation of nuclear wastes in
New York City instituted by the City
Board of Health. in addition, research
into various aspects of nuclear power, lec-
tures to citizen groups and high school
students, and a mobile nuclear teach-in
which can travel around New York this
summer and the principle efforts in this
area. The goal: a well balanced, long
range program of safe energy by this
country.

Energy Waste Hunt:

To prompt state legislators to allocate
funds for energy conservation measures,
NYPlRG conducted an “Energy Waste
‘ Hunt" of nine state-owned buildings in
Albany. The survey measured illumina-

tion and temperature levels in work and

TR UTII-IN-TESTING: The
Educational Testing Service

The Educational Testing Service (ETS)
is the corporation which administers such
familiar tests as the SATs, LSATs, and
GREs, as well as countless other tests and
services for educational administrators
across the country. Last year, NYPlRG

ETS, including establishing a, complaint
center, which has been serving students
not only from New York bin from other

Connecticut, and California). lnaddition
to the complaint center a survey has been
designed and distributed to admissions

 

L._i
page 4A

11' n-returnable cans and , -

began to investigate different aspects of

states as well (primarily Massachussets,’

 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
   
  
 

, i. .

A is the plogan of
. our hundred member
at byrwldeh, along~with the full;
lobbyists. rounds out NYPlRG's

L ‘legis atlve program. The conceptis fun-.

damental: keepingeitizens (in this case
students attending all PlRG, schools) in-
formed about the legislative issues they
are interested in, such as those mentioned
above; and translating that citizen con-
cern' into legislative power by letter
writing. petitioning, and personal visits.
1n the New York State Legislature more
than ten letters received on any one issue
is considered a public outcry.

In addition, theStudent Lobby has the

forms and information you need to
register to vote and obtain absentee

ballots.

non-work areas. The greatest wasters
turned out to be located inthe legislative
Ofﬁce Building itself. By pointinga guilty
ﬁnger, we hope action will betakentoim-
plement recommendations which have
been made year after year in lengthy
reports costing hundreds of thousands of
taxpayer dollars. Action towards conser-
vation taken by the state will be matched
by federal funds.

Return to Returnables:

A logical first step in dealing with
today's environmental problems is to join
the end of a process withthe beginning. in
other words, when a product is con-
sumed, why not re-use its container? This
sound environmental principle led
Oregon to ban non-returnable cans and
bottles from the statein l973,turningtoa
completely returnable system, saving

considerable cost and energy. NYPlRG .

has been working on such a bill in New
York for three years, but the bigsodaand
beer lobby is very powerful. And such a
ban in New York still seems a few years
away.

As part of a grassroots effort toward
that end, NYPlRG schools areinstituting
“return to returnables" programs ontheir
campuses. At SUNY Albany PlRG
students have been working since 0c-
tober with FSA on replacing all soda can
machines with returnable bottles.

Plans are being made now for a pilot
project to be run on State Quad during
the fall semester. if students cooperate
and the program is asuccess, the ban will
be instituted campus-wide.

ofﬁcers across the state, to determine
whether or not ETS tests are used unfair-

ly.

NYPlRG‘s year-long efforts succeeded
in getting hearings to be held May 7th in
New York City by a joint committee of
the New York State Senate and Assembly
Higher Education Committees and the
New York State Board of Regents.

President Turnball of ETS once said in
response to a question on ETS' accoun-
tability: “You just have to trust us".
NYPlRG does not agree: no private cor-
poration with such control over people's
careers should be exempt from public
scrutiny.

   
  
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
 

       
  
 
 
  
  
   

, .INVESTIGA TIVE R
AND cor/5mm”
TA-BILITY

  
 
 

missions and agencies sue
sumer Protection Board
TV Commission, with
planned. Such work is

tices.

board of directors.

WHATIS NYPlRG

The New York Public Interest
Research Group, Inc, (NY PlRG) is El stu-
dent funded, student run, non-profit.
non-partisan corporation created as n
step to bridge the gap between tin unne-
countable, problematic society. und the
needs and desires of its people. NYPlRG
is presently operating on a budget of
about $380,000 a year out of nine offices
around the state, with a staff of twenty-
four lawyers, scientists, researchers tlnd
hundreds of student volunteers. SUNY
Albany, contributing $34,000 a yetirtrom
its student tax, has two seats on

T ACCOUN-_  ,j ‘

team‘of investigative rep [3 who, in
addition to research into go rnment ac-
countability have lookedim such things
as the practices of estate ax lawyers,
cans of the defeat of New 'ork's equal
rights amendment. and ins lance prac-

Students at SUNY Alban' tare present-
ly tracking down the com“ pnoe with a
law that requires housing: nthorities in
New York to have tenants cl cted totheir

  

    
 

   

sets policy, chooses projects and hires
staff. In addition, each of the fourteen
member schools is operated by a local
board of directors, also composed of
students elected by the university at large.

What Students Work for
N YPIRG? Any student is Welcome and
encouraged to participate in NYPlRG‘s
research, advocacy and education.
Presently at SUNY Albany, one hundred
and ﬁfty students devote their spare time

, to PIRG. Any student interested should

stop by the campus office in Campus
Center 308 (or call 457—2447. 7-3948, 7-
2279). Elections for new state delegates
and local board members will be held

   

  

   
  
  
 

 
  
 
  
 
    
 

   
 

  
  

  

 
   
  

LITIGATION  ‘ _ , 
Here are sfew oftbe  NYE ,

lRG is presently involved lnon‘ :' _
citizens: ‘ L ‘ ' "

l. The Legislative Lulu: suit was won in

lower court but is preseme being
appealed by legislative leaders. Lulus are
patronage bonuses given to legislators by
the leadership“in lieu of expenses“ (hence
the expression “lulus”) at the end of the
legislative session, in amounts depending
on performance according to the desires
of the leadership. The state constitution
clearly prohibits this. Nearly one million
dollars of tax payers‘ money is involved in
the suit.

2. No-show jobs, salaries paid to per-

sonas for work never performed, are
another form of leﬁslative patronages.
NYPlRG is suing to hat/e these practices
ended. ‘

3. New York th’s Annuity system

(pension system for city employees) was
set up as an attempt to avoid what con-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

CONSUMER PROTECTION

Funeral Home Practices:

People rarely do comparative shopping
when making funeral arrangements. Con-
sequently, they are urtinformed about
ranges of prices and services of funeral
homes and are frequently taken advan-
tage of by funeral home personnel:
NYPlRG‘s goal is to strengthen price-
disclosure regulations in the hope of in-
creasing competition and providing more
information for the consumer.

NYPlRG has obtained a grant from
the Federal Trade Commission to do
further research on the funeral industry
for hearings presently being held in New
York City. in additiontotestifying, NYP-
lRG attorneys are also cross examining
all witnesses.

Tighter control of the industry‘s prac-

order from the New York Stat ‘ pre
Court ordering Governor Carey and
Comptroller Levitt 'to justify continuing, ,
salaries to employees the state legislature" '
told them to cut. The real issueinvolved 
in this case is who has the ﬁnal say over "ﬂ
the state's budget. NYPlRG interprets "
thevconstitution as vesting that poWer in
the legislature.

to end the prohibition of advertising by 2'
doctors, pharmacists, and optometrists. ’
Such prohibitions, often done for ethical
reasons, become barriers to competition,
forcing consumers to pay higher prices
for these services in New York than in
states where such advertising is allowed.

 

 

assists? srunsu'r passs

NYPlRG‘s Board of Directors. uliieh
May 6th.

J/-

t

ESTABLISHING BIKE ROADS V

For health, recreation, and energycon-
servation bikes are becoming more pop-
ular as a means of transportation. tin
order to ensure the safety and can-
venience of cyclists, bike paths separate
from highways are essential. NYPIRQ is
looking into ways to design, consman.
and ﬁnance such roads, presently work-
ing with the Capital District Transporta-
tion Committee. Soon plans will hessb-
mitted to Albany County for construc-
tion of bike paths. NYPlRG will plays
principle role in facilitating udopuomof
those plans.

 

APRIL 23. 1976

NMCLQQQ
— 'i N

 
   
 

COURSE CREDIT

NYPlRG students are working with
the Graduate School of Public Affairs
and Protect Your Environment club in es-
tablishing an undergraduate Public
Policy major at SUNY Albany. This
program, designed for anyone interested
in a career in professional public interest
work, politics, law, or public service,
would give students a background in
identifying and analyzing public policy
issues, with a concentration in a par-
ticular area of concern such as safe
energy, urban problems or governmental
regulating. Considerable independent
work is involved. Students in PIRG see it
as a unique opportunity to in-
stitutionalize the work they are presently
doing as volunteers.

in addition, students who presently
wish to get credit working for NYPlRG
can get three credits through the com
munity service prograin.

story by tapping local board

  
  

tices is the goal of NYPlRG. Some
suggestions are:

——preparing lists of prices of cofﬁns
and services available to everyone, ——-
making price information available over
the phone,

——informing consumers of laws gover-
ning the industry so that they will know
exactly what to expect in terms and ser-
vices.

Protection for Your Car:

Auto Repair Study: Most people
know absolutely nothing about ﬁxing
their cars. How do you know whether or
not a mechanic is really'doingthe repair
work needed and charging youafair price
for it? NYPlRG students are presently

SUMMER INTERNSHIPS

NYPlRG is presently offering a
number of summer internships paying
from $400 to $800 Working on such pro-

jects as:

—proﬁles of New York's US. Senate

candidates (June only).
~—-studying the Jobs Development

Authority

——traveling around the state giving

mini-nuclear teach-ins.
~doing legal research for NYPlRG's

litigation.

——setting up a consumer complaint
center in Brooklyn,

Further information and applications
are available at the NYPlRG office in

Campus Center 308.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

graphics by before calslll

s. In addition, NYPlRG has ﬁled suit

taking an auto to service stations in the
Albany area. The programmed defect in
the engine will cost no more than a few
dollars to ﬁx by an honest mechanic. 0n
the basis of estimates received, NYPlRG
will be able to determine who are the
reputable mechanics in the Albany area.
Octane Rating Analysis: Unfor-
tunately, consumers have no way of
knowing what the octane rating really is
in the gasoline they buy. NYPlRG
proposes to test the octane rating of area
gas stations to determine if the actual oc-
tane levels are those labeled. The results
should help consumers determine which
station‘s gasolines are best for their car
and which stations are guilty of false
advertising.
The study is being held up because of
difficulty in obtaining a machine to
measure octane. For this reason this
study probably will not be run until next
semester.
Consumer Guides: NYPlRG has
written a number of consumer
“wiseguides” to aid people intheir every-
day living. Among these are guides on
how to challenge your gas and electric
bill, your phone bill, how to complain
about your lawyer. There are also infor-
mation guides on such things as where
New York sales tax applies and, planned
for spring publication, what additives ex-
ist in foods. These guides area available at
the NYPlRG ofﬁce in Campus Center
308.

 

 

J

paces 5;

 

 

  
 
     

  
   
     
 
   
  

  
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
     
    
  
 
   
 
 
     
 
  

 

    
  

 

 
   
  

              
       
   
    
 
  
  
    
 

