 

.. gums-C.»

.
K

i,
i.
.. ,

v a u m N‘ﬁrt'mrﬁ‘IW—‘M: .. .

h - edinst'eadth hew‘elfareiburdenb'e _.

revenuesharing and the redevelop-
Iot" poor inner city areas» .

V Sen; Hubert Humphrey. who has
said he will not seek the Democratic

I nomination butwould accept a

draft. spoke to the mayors” meeting

during a luncheon at the Waldorf

Astoria Hotel.

On the Republican side. former
California Gov. Ronald Reagan
remained in Los Angeles‘after his
Wednesday night television speech
in 'which he attacked President
Ford's foreign policy as leaving the
nation dangerously inferior in

, military strength.

The panel arranged by the

. National Conference of Democratic

Mayors opened with Mayor Henry
W. Maicr of Milwaukee declaring.
“We arc not looking for Band-Aids.
or bailouts or handouts . . . The
money we send to Washingtonis our
money. We want it used to deal with
our problems.

“We know where President Ford
stands: he has ruthlessly vetoed even
the Band-Aid programs brought to
his desk. We know where Ronald
Reagan stands: he has promised to
veto any that Mr. Ford might have
overlooked.“ he said before asking
for the Democrats‘ positions.

0n Welfare reform. Jackson said
he favored federal takeover because
a Supreme Court ruling striking
down residency requirements had
made welfare a national problem.
Udall agreed. “We ought to
l'edcrttlire welfare now . . . the cities
could cope if' we pick uptwo national
prob em‘ national health insurance

That's right. GAF°Print Express” center produces resumes
that reflect quality and good taste — and more important —
impression on prospective employers.

they make a good
tee a job first time out. but they will make

We don't guaran

' H rimpro ttg'benefits and urg-

placed 'solely‘ theiist'at'eS. ‘ not-on

aloeal govern me. He also said the

system should be‘simplified with l00
programs being reduced to two or
three. .

On defense vs. domesticspending.
Carter said national security was the
most important priority of any presi-
dent but that the ,“Pentagon is
probably the, most ; wasteful
bureaucracy in Washington." He es-

' timated $5 billion to $7 billion could

be cutjfrom military spending ‘and
shifted to social programs.

Jackson said some waste might be
cut. from military retirement
programs. but that the real sources
of revenue for increased domestic
spending should come from full
employment which would raise the

: avmgs resulting fr m a'.
eduction of arms.

, Udall said he favored holdingtl'ie‘”

than meeting a Pentagon r‘e~

» quest-for SM billion more. “if you

say yes to the Pentagon. you say no

to the cities . . . We don‘t need

overkill.‘we don‘t need gold-plated
weapons systems.“

Carter said' the revenue-sharing
program should be made permanent
but the money should go only to the
cities. not to the states.

But Udall and Jackson emphasiz-
ed that it was afragile coalitionthat
passed revenue‘sharing and that
making signiﬁcant changes in the
program could shatter the alliance
and end the program. Jackson said
there was no way to make the
program permanent. since each ses-
sion of Congress could change the
law to its liking.

Simon, Says NYC Healing

WASHINGTON (AP) Treasury
Secretary William E. Simon told
Congress Thursday he is cautiously

' optimistic that New York City can
solve its financial problems.

Sen. William Proxmire. chairman
of the Senate Banking Committee

' which heard Simon's testimony. said

the city must succeed because Con-
gress will not extend its
government's loan or provide the
city any other federal help after June
1978. ’

New York Gov. Hugh Carey told
the committee New York City has
made substantial progress but that
its accomplishments will be for
naught unless the federal govern-
ment corrects a “deteriorating
economic situation“ plaguing local
governments.

l’roxmire opened two days of
hearings to determine how New
York City is doing on its pledges of
ﬁscal responsibility made last year

.2 .. ' ‘

.r

the effort a bit more effortless.

Not only resumes —— but a complete service for duplicating
diplomas. references. transcripts and on and on.

PAGE TWO

when city and state officials con-
vinced Congress and the Ford ad-
ministration to approve emergency
federal loans to the city.

The premises included balancing
the city‘s budget and overhauling its
accounting system. which has been
compared to a Byzantine paper
maze.

Appearance Friday

Mayor Abraham Beams and
Elmer Staats. comptroller general of
the United States. are scheduled to
appear beforethc committee Friday.

“Looking at the balance of the
three-year loan period.therc is now a
basis for a degree of cautious op-

_ timism'. . .  Simon said. “i believe
the job can be done and done within
the allotted time frame. I believethc
job can be done without disrupting
essential services.

“And. most importantly. I believe
the rewards of doingthcjob well and
properly are men " 

 "

'0 ﬁ'.‘
_ . he

lltary.,budget to last year‘s total 1‘

Court Upholds strstlon by Matt

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The state's highest court upheld on Thursday the
constitutionality of a recently enacted statute allowing voters to register by
mail. The decision conﬁrms the validity of the registrations of an estimated
50.000 persons. according tothe state Board of Elections. The board said
they Would have lost the right tovote in next Tuesday‘s primary ifthc law had
been thrown out. The Court of Appeals. unanimously reversinga lower court
decision. said the constitutional requirement that a voter make “personal
application” to register did not exclude registration by mail.

Subcommittee Approves Antitrust Blll

WASHINGTON (AP) The Senate antitrust subcommittee approved a bill
today to break-up major oil company control of the petroleum industry. The
measure Would require the nation‘s l8 largest oil companies to reduce their
operations to one activity. either production. transportation. refining or
marketing. sponsors said. The sole exception would be for some refiners.
who would not be permitted to engage in the retail marketing of petroleum
products. The measure is expected to spark widespread controversth now
goes to the Senate Judiciary Committee. where Sen. Birch Buyh. D-l nd.. said
opponents may attempt a filibuster to defeat the measure.

Marine Corps Hearings to Be Held

WASHINGTON (AP) Rep. Charles Wilson. D-Tex.. said Thursday that a
House Armed Services panel will hold hearings on abuses in Marine Corps
recruitment and training practices. Wilson told a news conference that he illls
been assured by Rep. Lucien Nedzi. D—Mich . that the military personnel
subcommittee which chzi chairs will investigate the situation. Wilson said
his concern with training abuses by the Marine Corps was prompted by the
death of a 20—yearoold Marine recruit. Lynn McClure of Lufkin. 'i'cx.
Accordingto Wilson. McClure had beenrecruited intothe Marines despite it
history of mental retardation and arrests.

Army to Close Bases to Save Money

WASHINGTON (AP) The Army said today it plans to close or impose
reductions at 29 forts and otherand other bases in a move to cut non—essential
overhead and save at least $42 million. The actions would result ill
elimination of 4.500 civilian jobs and transfer of 13.128 servicemen illlti
civilian workers. The affected bases. ranging from forts to small district
recruiting headquarters. are located in i7sttttcs. the District of Columbia and
i’ucrto Rico. The Army plan is conditional largely on the outcome ol'sttttltt-~
assessing the impact of the moves on the environment and factors such its
employment. schools and housing. The studies are required by law and “ill
take tip to nine months. ‘

Cunningham Ordered to Testify Before Grand Jury
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The state Court of Appeals said Thursday that SiiIlL'
Democratic Chairman Patrick Cunningham must testify before it special
grandjuryinvestigatingpoliticalcorruptioninthe Bronx. Cunningham. aim
is also Bronx Democratic chairman and was picked for the state job by (im
Hugh Carey. was called to testify by special corruption prosecutor Mitutitt-
Nadjari. Cunningham had appealed the subpoena. but has now lost all ho
appeals. In a strongly worded warning. the state‘s highest court put tht-
controversial Nadjari on notice that the court could later rcvicn lilL'
investigation if there is evidence of harassing witnesses. abusing the grand
jury or violating the confidentiality of grand jury proceedings.

Approval of Schwartz Appears Dismal

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The Senate Finance Committee gave iiclliltill
Schwartz. (iov. l-lugii Carey‘s controversial choice to head the \lnlt‘
Correction Commission. another setback Thursday in Scliwart/‘s lippill't'lllh
doomed effort to be approved by the state Senate. Finance chairman John
Mttrchi. R-Staten island. announced Thursdaythat the comtnittec had \ olvd
13-8 against Schwart/fs nomination. as lill'cC Democrats did not \IIiL'
Marclti polled the 24 committee members privately. and said .itiscllil
Tauriello of Buffalo. John Stintucci onucens and Howard Nolan of Album
failed to cast ballots.

Prison Guards Seek Additional Personnel
ALBANY. N.Y.wiAi’) Claiming that New York Sittic‘s prisons .ua
inadequately stalled to the point where they are “powder kegs." a union

representing prison guards filed suit iti state Supreme Court iiltllslitn

 

Illlllll

 

 

III

 

 

 

II
IIIIIIIIII
Illlllllll

 

 

 

rut-rnrrr

 

1148 Western Ave.
518-489-4784

fili‘v'k'ni; “5 many fill 400 additional personnel. The suit contends llml
inadequate staffing is dangerous not only to guards btit to prisonct»

‘ according to Carl Gray. executive director of Council ilZ. Alllcltt'dll

F‘f‘icmiio" 0f Sm” County iInd Municipal Employes. (lrttyaccuscdthu sliilt'
"i "millnlﬂining staffinglevels at dangerously iowlevcis even though the stair
hassuf-fieient financial resources to maintain and operate the COI‘I'ccllun
institutions under its jurisdiction in a safe. lawful and Constitutional

'. It
manner.

f wage increase Averts Transit Strike
My  YORK (AP) Subway trains and buses rolled unimpeded tilting 2.000
‘ mics of transit routes Thursday after a typical cliff-hanging contract

deadlock over union wages was solved with fl cost-of-iiving boost. lt Wits
described as patnless solution for the fiscally crippled city. The panda...“
it'g‘recmcnt aVertcd a transit strike that would have affected 3 million mun
rt crs. The two-year pact is subject to ratification by the rank and file of i In-

' 34,000-member AFL-CIO Transit Workers Union. The agreement also must

.7

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

gain approval from the state-dominated watchdog group. set up to iliti the
city through its worst fiscal crisis in more than 40 years.

APRIL 2, 1976

 

by Naomi Friedlsnder

SUNYA budget cuts were in the
limelight once again. as WHM'l‘s
Uve Tonight devoted its Tuesday
show to the uni versity's current ﬁscal
problems.

The program. which featured
journalists Daniel Gaines of the
Albany Student Press. lver Peterson
of the New York Times. and Amy
Plumer ofthe Empire State Report.
covered the recent task‘ force
decisions and their effects on the un-
iversity and capital district com-
munities.

The show beganwith prerecorded
observations of selected faculty. stu-
dent. and administrative represen-
ttttives.

Among the most expressive com-

-_..—_——

 

 

mess

mentators was Professor Bernard.
Johnpoll of the” Political Science
Department. who [angrin 'denounc"
ed President Emmett Field‘s goal of
creating a university system which
would complement 'the New York
legislative center. “He really wants
this to be a training gound for
bureaucrats and you can‘t do that.“
.lohnpoll said.
Departmental Cuts

Turning to departmental cuts.
Gerlene Ross. of the Speech
Pathology and Audiology depart-
ment. evaluated the termination of
botlt the Master's and Bachelor‘s
programs in that field. Stating that
the department had recently entered
the School of Education. Ross said.
“We were the new boys on the block

and when someonehad to be kicked
off the block. the new boys Werethe

first to go.“ .

' Professor Peter Cocks of the Allen
Center. said the task force decision
,“smacks of Watergate." lndiscusSing
the elimination'of his department
and objections which arose fromthis
decision. Cocks said. “We wereturn—
ed away like recalcitrant children
who could not understand the
decisions because of theirlack of in-
formation on the cuts."

President Fields defended his role
in the task force. "i am not entirely
free of contradictions.” he said. “I
don‘t think anyone is,‘_‘ Fields SPOKC
of the task force determinations as
the only viable alternative for the un~
iversity after thc“evenohanded drib-

SOme members of s-Ousd Volunteer Ambulance Service working on a practice drill.

ble technique of extracting resources
was exhausted.“ ' I. ' I - ‘

Ftclds‘ comments revealed how
complicated and overwhelming the
problems of tin Eastern university
were for a Texan administrator.
“Texas is it frontier state.“'Ficl'ds
said. “Things are very simple out
there."

Subsequent Commentary

in the subsequent commentary
from the panel. discussion ranged
from the elimination of certain
programs to the hiring of scholars in
the English department. “Hiring
superstars will produce the kind of
attraction the university seems to

V want.“ Peterson said.

“Training nurses is very expen-
sive.“ Gaines said. taikingofthetask

progra _ V  goa_
affect.thelc tnu bérofst dintsin ", 
the state  whether or notit . .
eungetjobs.“ i,‘ i  ,
l’lumer. in evaluaiing the total
effects of. budget cuts. called'the’m'a,
“vote of death." Asked whether she"
thought Fields had'acted wisely.
l’lumer said: “Isn't it wonderful that
someone was able to make some
decisions." , .
(ittincs concluded in the final
moments of the progratm.“‘lt scares
me that ii school was prepared tocut
itself. if there are still so mttny
questions of who or where the cuts
should be made. Mtiybethcy should
cut entire sections ol't lie state univer-
sily. It might end up being fairer."

Development Foundation
Seeks Aid for University

by Mark Frey

The University Development
Foundation. though virtually un-
knonn. is an institution of great
benefit to both faculty and students
here. According to Vice President
for University Ail’tiirs i.c\\is l’.
Wcleli. the foundation is a non-
profit organi/titioii which is "legitin
ciittrtcd to accept gifts and grants
which are used to advance university
goals."

Wclch said university goals mtty
include anything front the purchas-
ing of newcquipmcnt. l he funding of
research projects. the improvement
of depart ments or programs anti also
providing for sttidcnt loans. Ap-
proximately SiSf).000 CitCi‘I year is

Five-Quad Ambulance: At Your Service

by Sue Emerson

I \vttsjostlcd ontlic stretcher asthc
ambulance swerved back and forth.
Suddenly it cattic to a quick stop. I
felt an odd rushing sensation in my
head.

The ambulance attendants looked
iii me and smiled. A voice from the
front of the ambulance called out.
“How‘s it feel?" “That is strange." l
replied with a laugh.

A scene from Mary Hartman.
Mary Hurtnmn." No. just learning
how it feels to be an ambulance
patient courtesy of 5—Quud Am-
bulance. SUNYA‘s volunteer squad.
S-Quad driving instructor Matt
Staceonc was at the wheel. The sharp
turns and fast braking illustrated
how an ambulance driver should not
drive. according to Stacconc.

"i like to emphasize safety." says
Striceont. Although good. safe driv—
ing for the comfort oftltc patient is
the general rule. member Bob Con-
nors admits. "Sometimes you have
to swerve. and all our drivers are
trained in swerves. just in case."

Strict training and retraining in
their various positions is a must for
all 5-Quttd members. “We're respon-
sibic for a lot of people. and we take
it somewhat seriously.“ says Stac-
COI'IC.

S-Quad Volunteer Ambulance
Service. inc. is a non-profit corpora-
tion fortned on October l. l973 in
order to “operate a volunteer um-
bulaitcc service in and about the city
of Albany. New York: to train in-
terested persons in first aid techni-
ques and as medical emergency
technicians; and to particularly ser-
vice the faculty. staff and student
body of and visitors to the State Un~
iversity of New York at Albany." ac-

APRIL 2, 1976

mA—t;-v«<—~.o‘9‘4w "r

cording to their certificate of incor-
portition.

in t hcsc ends. 5-Quad maintains a‘
lttrgc staff of st udcttt volunteers who
titan crews around the clock. 24
hours ll day. 7 days a week. Presently
there are 80 active members in 5-
Quad.

“Thcrc are four people on a crew."
explains squad member Mary Cor-
rigan. “There's a dispatcher... who
handles the radio and the
telephones. There‘s a driver. There‘s
an attendant who usually does the
first aid on the person. and the crew
chief has to take the responsibility
for those three people. The atten-
dant. driver. and crew chief go outin
the rig [ambulance] to the call."

All attendants. drivers. and crew
chiefs have necessarily received
training in either advanced first aid
or emergency medical technician
(EMT) courses. 5-Quad tnembers
sponsor EMT courses at SUNYA.
and those who are properly certified
by the Red Cross teach first aid.
“After a person comes out of a first
aid or an EMT course. regardless of
whether they took it here or they
took it someplace else. they have to
go through a training program in 5-
Quud itself..whcre they‘re trained for
the various positionsthat theytake.“
says Corrigan. Many 5-0uad
members serve in more than one
capacity. Some serve in all four.

S-Quad has two ambulances. or
rigs. equipped with modular units——
separate compartments containing
the necessary supplies forspecific in-
juries. For cxample.there is a burn
module. a trauma module. and one
which Connors admits has never
been used. ttn obstetrics module.
“Nobody‘s given birth yet to

anybody on campus." Connors
remarks.
Second In Albany

According to Connors. S-Quad
members consider their rigs to be
"the second best equipped rigs in the
whole city of Albany. next to the
paramedics in Colonic." They are
also confident of their abilityto han-
dlc any situation which may arise.

"We are equipped to handle any
sort of medical emergency because
we're familar with the campus.“ says
S-Quad's Assistant C hicf of Ad-
ministration Dick Slecpcr. "Also."
Sleeper adds. “part of first aid is be-
ing able to relate to your patients.
and students can relate to each other
quite well." S-Quad members also
point to the fact that their service is
free. as compared to at least $40 for a
commercial ambulance.

S-Quad Ambulance may be reach-
ed by calling the University Health
Center. A studen‘ driver associated

with tiic health center will handle
any calls which simply rcqtiirc
transpoi'tatitm to the health center
or to it doctor‘s office.

S-Quud handles what they call
routittc. urgent. and emergency
transports. As ('orrigtin explains it.
a routine transport is “something
that the student driver would be able
to take except that the student hasto
go laying down." An urgcnt
transport is one of “medium
seriousness“ while illl emergency is a
matter of “life or limb.“

Services Rendered

S-Quad Ambulance scncs not
only students. faculty. and visitors
on the campus. but also such persons
who live with-in a five mile radius of
State Quad (S-Quad‘s headquarters)
and who are not serviced by any
otltcr volunteer ambulance squad.
According to Corrigan. there are no
other volunteer ambulance services
in the city of Albany.

i'cccivcd iti donationauhut this figure
may vary from year to year.
However those funds. Welcli ex-
plainedarc usually restricted cori-
tribttiors may request that their gift
be used for a specific purposc. Thus.
an accounting firm may specify that
their donation be llSL‘Li hy tiic itc-
counting department. The main con-
tributors to the foundation are
members of the business and in-
dustrialcontiitunity. bttt there are
also a fen priuttc contributors.
Welt-Ii said. the major ttdytintttgc
oi littiiiig tt dc\clopincnl itllllldillittli
is that it can extend the resources of
the university hcyonti thtit \\iliL‘il is

‘pi'mided for by tiic state. Must nin-

jor lllli\cl’SiiiL‘S. and all the state titt-
i\crsiiy centers. have one. ihc loun-
(itllillll is rtiti by lilt: lllli\cl'\ll). not
the state. ill order to ingurc that all
the funds contributed go directly to
the university.

Aside from providing for the
gcticrtil \icilnrc of the lllli\L‘l'.\iI_\ as it
\\ilttit.‘. the University Development
l-ottndtttion can directly Iiclptlic stu-
dcnt. Welch said thelntindtitionsup-
ports the student short—term iottn
fund. lhc lttttd. \\ilit.'il contains tip-
proximtttciy 520.000. can be used for
silttl‘i tct'ni emergency loam by
students vtho quttiily. Students \\Ilt)
until in knovt if the) qualin for ti
lonn should contact the Financial
Aids Office or Dr. (‘littrlcs (i. l'islier
in Al) IRS.

in \icn of diminishing static tlid
and recent budget cutbacks. the fin-
iicrsity Detciopinctit i‘lllllllifllit‘n
\ltitlds in play a larger role in tlic
ycttrs to come. it should be
cmphttsi/cd. though. that tltc gifts to
the foundation cannot be used to
support it new program tlrll teaching
ptisilitlll. ii'till is the state‘s respon—
sibiltty. instead. the Foundation can
be ust tti supplement and enhance
already existing programs.

Voters Decide as Primary Nears

by Doug Payne

New York's presidential primary
will be held oti April 6. But it seems
most of SUNYA students‘ only par-
ticipation will consist of little more
than a glance at the primary results
late that night.

NYPIRG expects that icssthan 15
per cent of potential voters will cast
votes in the primary.

New York State's election law re-
quires voters to be l8 years old. and
to be registered six months in ad-
vance of the primary in order to
patici pate. For those who have home
residences outside of Albany County

absentee ballots are available. These
ballots had to be requested from the
individual‘s home district by March
30. l976. They must be sent in with

‘ the voter‘s choice by the close of

primary day at 9 p.tn. on April 6.
The upcoming primary is a choice
between Democratic contenders:
Udall. Carter. Harris. Jackson. and
Wallace. The Republican choice is
between Ford and Reagan.
Voters will elect within each coun-

Delegates i’ledged
These delegates are pledged. and
will appear on the bullet with their

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

rcspcctitc candidates. Some
delegates on the ballot will remain
uncommitted to any candidate.
Later this summer the delegates will
vote for the candidate ofthcirchoicc
in either the Republican or
Democratic coichntiott._
Get The Vote Out

Registered student voters wholive
iii the Albttny area may vote in any
one of the city‘s l27 polling places.
Voting will be conducted front l2
am. to 9 p.tn. on April it. Others may
Vote by absentee ballot if the cou-
ditious are met. All who can. at c urg-
ed to participate.

PAGE THREE

 

