hospital herﬂor treatment Monday.

“Hughes. 70. was 'ngllowr‘t from
Acapulco, Mexico. where he had liv-
ed since early February? '

“Today at l:27 p.m. en route from
Acapulco to Houston by air, Mr.
Howard . «ll. Hughes, expired."
Methodist Hospital «Vice. President
Ed Mchﬂan said. " - ' v

McLeIIan'siad Hughes was being
rushed to the hospital for treatment
when he died. The] hospital
spokesman said he had no'furtherin-
formation to release.

Hughes built a family oil drilling-
bit business into a diversiﬁed com-
plex that over the years included
manufacturing of planes.
helicopters. spacecraft and elec-
tronic devices. He produced movies
and owned studios. owned airlines
and became a major economic force
in Nevada with purchase of hotels.
casinos, land and mines valued at
$300 million.

He began building his ﬁnancial
empire in 1923 when he inherited
threeﬁfths interest in the Hughes
Tool Co.. founded by ltis father and

Skidmore

SAHATOGA SPRINGS. N.Y.
(AP) One student died of smoke
inhalation as scores of others leaped
from second and third ﬂoor win-
dows to escape a smoky ﬁre that
billowed through a Skidmorc
College dormitory early Monday.

“They were jumping all over the
place." said a city policeman. “some
from as high as three floors up.
Others tied bed sheets together and
came down that way."

“Some managed to make it down
the stairs. but ldon‘t know how. The
smoke in the hallways was so thick

’ you couldn't see a thing." he said.

Twenty-three students were ad
mitted to Saratoga Hospital. in-
cluding Joanne Handler. 18. a
sophomore from New York City
listed in critical condition Monday
afternoon. About 40 other students

, I“ .

the Houston-based tool company as
a nucleus and began the job of
building a 52-billion empire which
made him one of the world’s richest'

men. - _

Exhibiting a Midas-like touch.
Hughes gairtedﬁnancial success as a
manufacturer of aircraft and oil
drilling tools, a major stockholder in
an airline. owner of a brewery and a
movie producer.

His contributions to the advance-
ment of aviation. such as new
designs and speed ranked him with
the outstanding air pioneers.

He left Nevada Thanksgiving Eve
'l970 after four years of residence in a
guarded Las Vegas hotel room fora
similarly guarded suite in the
Bahamas. leaving behind orders to
fire the boss of his gaming
operations.

An ensuing court light—in which
his will prevailed and the ﬁring was
upheld—provided a rare public
glimpse of his life. Aides testified
that Hughes lived in almost total
seclusion. seen when necessary by
only ﬁve persons—young. dedicated
Mormons.

They relayed his orders to others.

The - on boss '

operations” said he had never met
him. Hughes wss‘rnsrried secretly in
I957 to actress Jean Peters and she
announced in I970 she was seekinga

‘ divorce. They had no children. In

l91l she announced that she had
remarried. having obtained the
divorce.

During the 1930's and l940’s
Hughes was much in the headlines as
a record setting speed pilot in planes
he built and designed or helped
design. He squired some of
Hollywuod's most glamorous sc-
tresses and was seen often in Los
Anples. Las Vegas. Houston and
New York. -

But he had always been known as
painfully shy. and in the mid-1950's
he simply dropped out of sight. He
maintained a walled estate in Lost
Angelcs. hotel suites in various
hotels. But his comings and goings
were always in secret. He arrived in
lass Vegas by train. at a way station
outside of town, in the dead of night.
He was hustled in secrecy to thetop
ﬂoor of a“Strip" hotel-casino. Four
years later. in 1972. he left for the
Bahamas amid similar secrecy. also
at night.

Student Dies in Blaze

were treated for smoke inhalation
and released.

The threestory dormitory. hous-
ing l28 students. had noexterior ﬁre
escspu because it was built of ﬁre-
resistant materials. a college
spokeswoman said.

Fire ofﬁcials siad the blaze started
shortly after 4 a.m. in a ﬁrst ﬂoor
room used to store garbage and was
extinguished before spreading very
far. The cause is underinvestigation.

Jody Smith. 20. of Harrisburg.
Pa.. was found dead in herﬁrstfloor
room located next to adormitory en-
trance. authorities said. An autopsy
showed she died of smoke inhalation
and carbon monoxide poisoning.
police said.

Rose Ann Miller. IS. a freshman
from Newton Center. Mass, Susan
Miller. 18. afreshman from Wayne.

N.J., and Karen Lichtman. 20. of
East Williston. N.Y.. were reported
in serious condition. The remaining
l9 students were in satisfactory or
fair condition. hospital ofﬁcials said.

College ofﬁcials said the students
will be housed temporarily in other
dormitories or in private homes off-
campus.

The first-floor hallway was
charred. and the ﬁre caused con-
siderable smoke damaget hroughout
the dormitory. Classes were not in-
terrupted. they said.

Campus police said they were
alerted to the ﬁre by a telephone call
from a student. Some students said
they were roused from their sleep by
an alarm they first thought to be a
ﬁre drill.

The dormitory was built in I966 at
a cost of 5800.000.

 

 

' PAGE TWO

Barbershop FoOd Co-op
Mandatory Meeting
for All Members (at the co-op)
Tuesday, Apri 6; 9 - 10:30 pm

Wednesday, April 7; 7:30 - 8:30 pm
Thursday, Apr! 8; 7:30 - 8:30 pm

Membership will be terminated without refund
if you don’t attend one, of these meetings

Attendance will be taken.

[W by "Mm association
W
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Callaghan Chosen to Succeed Wilson
I LONDON (AP) Foreign Secretary James Callaghan was chosen by Lab...
members of Parliament today to succeed Harold Wilson as prime minister.
He then was formally asked by Queen Elizabeth H to accept the job and did
so by kissing her hand. Before the ceremony at Buckingham Palace,
Callaghan, an advocate of strong ties with the United States. told fellow
laborites who elected him their party leader: “There will be no insiders and
no outsiders and no cliques in my administration. So far as the past is
concerned I shall wipethe slate cleanand I ask everyoneelse to dothe same.“

Sadat Explalns Split WItb USSR

PARIS (AP) Egyptian President Anwar Sadat says he canceled the Soviet
navy‘s rights to use Egyptian ports when be terminated the l5-ycar Soviet-
Egyptian friendship treaty last month. His statement at a news conference
Sunday confirmed earlier reports that the Soviet navy‘s rights to use the
Mediterranean ports at Port Said. Alexandria and Matruh had been ended.
Sadat said the friendship treaty was canceled because the Soviets were
putting pressure on Egypt by refusing to let India provide spare parts for
Soviet arms previously supplied to Egypt.

Chinese Throw Stones At Security Mon

TOKYO (AP) Angry Chinese threw stones at security men and set fire to
three motor vehicles as tens of thousands demonstrated in Peking‘s main
square Mondayto protest the removal of wreaths honoringthe late Premier
Chou En-lai. reports from the Chinese capital said. A Peking resident
reached by-telephone said the demonstration had overtones of resistance to
the radical campaign against Vice Premier Teng Hsiao—ping. whom the
moderate Chou had favored to succeed him. Soon after the premier's death
on Jan. 8 Teng come under criticism as a “capitalist-roader."

Galley Loses Supreme Court Appeal

WASHINGTON (AP) Former Army Lt. William L. Calley. convicted of
murdering at least 22 Vietnamese villagers at My Lai in I968. lost his appeal
to the Supreme Court on Monday but will remain a free man. Giving as usual
no reason. the court declinedto reviewa decision of the US. Circuit Court of
Appeals in New Orleans reinstating Calley‘s I971 court-martial conviction.
Calley. 32. who has been free on bail in Columbus. Ga. was reported en route
to Spokane. Wash. to make a speech. His lawyer. J.J. Houston Gordon of
Covington. Tcnn.. said in a telephone interview that the Army had assured
him Calley“will be placed upon parole and will continue to live the life that
he is presently living." '

Alaskan Jctllner Slldcs Down Ravine

KETCHIKAN. AlaskstAP) An Alaska Airlinesjetlincr currying48 persons
overran the end of the runway at Ketchikan Airport in rain and snow today.
slid down the slopingsidc of a 60-foot ravineand caught fire. authorities said.
No deaths were reponed. but several persons injured in the accident were
listed in “extremely critical condition“ at Ketchikan General Hospital. A
spokesman said an undetermined number of persons were being treated at
the hospital. Officials said they believed all of the 4| passengers and seven
crew members aboard the Boeing 727jetlincr wcrccvucuutcd aftcr ﬁre hrokc
out. They said ﬂames did not reach the passenger arch. and no one :tbtntrd
was reported burned.

General Electric PCB Hearing Rescheduled
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Hearings set for Monday on what. ifany. pcnnlty the
General Electric Co. will pay for dumping PCBs intothe Hudson River llilYL‘
been rescheduled for Thursday. Neitherthe Department of Environmental
Conservation nor the General Electric Co. were ready for Monday‘s sessions.
a department spokesman said. The penalty hearings. which follow sessions
Inst fall on the chemical pollution problent. will likely take it month or so. the
spokesman added. The department wants GE to stop discharging the
polycholorinated biphcnyls into the river from two plants at Hudson Hills
and Fort Edward and to contribute to cleanup operations.

College Tultlons to Hit Record High

NEW YORK (AP) It will cost some college students more than $7.000c1wh
next year to attend some of the nation's leading private institutioto.
according to a survey released by the College Entrance Examination Board.
The cost oftuition alone will exceed $4.000 for the ﬁrst time at manysclmob
next year. the board said in a report issued during the weekend. The report
said the total annqu costs—which include room. board and expenses in
addition to tuition—will increase from 5 to 12 per cent at individual colleges
and universities. Tuitions for the fall termalreadyset and announced include
54,400 at Yale. $4.300 at Princeton. $4.275 at Stanford. $4,270 at lirown.
S4.l l0 at Cornell. $4. I 50 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and
$4,000 at Columbia.

Paullng Predicts World Catastrophe

NEW YORK (AP)IDr. Linus Pauling said Monday he is “afraid within 25
years or 50 years there will occur the greatest catastrophe in the history of the
world." The famous chemist. twice winner of Nobel Prizes. said he
nonetheless is “an optimist" and that “the human race might survive.“ The
looming catastrophe “might Well result from a world war which could
destroy civilization and might well be the end of the human race." Dr‘
Pauling said. Civilization might also “end because of the collapse of the
systems upon which it depends." Dr. Pauling said at ceremonies markingth
l00th anniversary of the American Chemical Society.

"I

APRIL 6. 1976

 

by Paid Rosenthal '

For I.soo Union College students. ’

it was something to’talk about for

the weeks to come. For the who" .

administrators. it was another public

relations “plus.” For the Albany .

press corps, it was a story of national
importance. For Jimmy Caner. it
was nothing but another stop on an
extensive campaign tour.

In preparation for New York’s
Democratic primary. the former
Georgia governor scheduled visits to
each major city in the state. On Fri-
day. Carter hit Albany and Schenec-
tady.

I found the Memorial Chapel on
Union‘s campus aboutthesametime
Carter‘s motorcade arrived from the
Albany County Airport. It was easy
to see the candidate wasn’t going to
have any trouble with the crowd.
Carter knew it too. The big
campaign-style grin was visible. even
to the standing-room-only crowd.

“Our ﬁrst major success was in
[own on the nineteenth of January."
said Carter. "We came in ﬁrst.” The
students cheered. Caner ﬂashed his
trademark toothy grin and con-
tinued. “Oklahoma . . . we came in
ﬁrst. and then Maine... we came in
first."

I realized that it wasn't goingto be
an especially noteworthy speech.
because the NBC reporter told his
cameraman not to shoot any ﬁlm.
“We got enough in Rochester." said
the newsman. referring to another
appearance the candidate had made
earlier in the day.

i

gti‘.‘
. a“ W

Jlmmy Carter addrede students at Union College on mi?“

The crowd was still cheering as
Carter went on. “New Hampshire. . .
we came in ﬁrst. and then Florida. . .
we came in ﬁrst."

Settling into a chair among the
reporters, I tried to determine what
was going to make this appearance
of a presidential candidate more im-
portant than any other. I looked
around the chapel for an answer. I
soon decided that this was going to
make this appearance of a presiden-
tial candidate more important than
any other. I looked around the
chapel for an answer. I soon decided
that this was nothing more than a

very typical Jimmy Carter campaign
speech.

The candidate continued. “North
Carolina. . . where we came in ﬁrst.
and then Vermont . . .”

The national-level campaign peo
ple were there. They all seemed to
know exactly what Caner was going
to do and say at any giventime. They
all wore the familiar green “Carter
for President" button. They all had
listened to this speech a dozen times
in the past two days.

The national-level press people
were there also. A few ofthem took

continual on page/7w

Fields Gets Tenure Complaints

by David chy
The Undergraduate
Science Association

Political
ttnd the

Graduate Political Science Associa-I

tion have passed “no confidence“
resolutions and have forwarded
thctn to President Fields. The
Political Science Department has
also passed a resolution questioning
his decisions.

These are some ofthe reactions to
the tenure denials of Political
Science professors Clifford Brown
and Jonathan Knight followingthc
long ttnd involved process discussed
in the first part of this series.

“It used to be assumed that you
got promotion or tenure once you
rcuchcd the level of associate
professor." said Gary Cowun. Dean
of the Graduate School of Public Af-
fairs.

John Dewey. Chairman ofthe Ad-
visor) Council on Promotion and
Tenure feels this is one of the
problems. “Original appointment
standards for faculty have not been
rigorous enough. Consequently. we
cannot recommend favorably every
case before us. Considered this way.
the budget problems are a good
thing itt that they forced an evalua-
tion of this university."

The criteria for deciding who gets
tenurc are difficult to pinpoint. ae-
cnrding to many involved in these
CilSUS.

“The Advisory Council chunch
its membership annually. so the
criteria change with the personnel.“
said Cowon.

“There are three main con-
siderations." said Dewey. "First. is
the individual an effective teacher.
both graduate and undergraduate.
Second. scholastic achievement;
what are his or her contributions to
Editor's Note.- Second in aserles on
the lecture process.

I APRIL 6, 1976

the field. Finally. wclook ttt thccom-
munity service record.“

Dewey added that it was
scholarship. as measured by outside
letters of review from members of
the field. that was of primary impor-
tance snying. “The best teachers are
first—rule researchers at the forefront
of their discipline."

Technically. the Board of Trustees
establishes the criteria to be used by
the Advisory Council and those
criteria differ somewhat from those
mentioned by Dewey. When asked
about this. Dewey said he only gavr:
tt synopsis of the criteria and agreed
with Cowan saying. “Of course,
some subjectivity will come into play
when dealing with human beings."

It was the application of these
criteria that prompted the Political
Science resolutions from students
and faculty.

Accompanying the U PSA resolu-
tion was a request to meet with
Fields. He turned it down but litter
agreed to the meeting when Ilene
Kcssclman. President of UPSA.
threatened to resign from the search
committee which is currently trying
to replace the retiring Cowan.

According to Kcsselmun. Fields
indicated at the outset that he would

not talk specifically about the
Brown~Knight decisions but then
said “the two just didn't measure
up." The President established his
criteria as excellence in teaching. ex—
cellence in scholarship. and national
recognition.“

Fields said. “At age 35. I do not
expect them (Brown and Knight) to
be leaders in their ﬁeld. but to have
been recognized as having that
potential."

This is. however. contrary to the
position taken in his lctterto Brown.
in which Fields says. “You have not
emerged as a leader in your ﬁeld."

Kcssclman quotes Fields us calling
Brown an “extraordinary teacher.“
and she feels that should be the
primary consideration.

The graduate students' letter to
Fields said that his decisions had
caused anxieties and discontent. Tltc
undergrads and grads are planning
to request a meeting of the entire
GSPA. students and faculty. with
Fields. according to Kcssclman.
Already initiated is at petition drive.

The Political Science Department
has not been as militant or as unified.
One faculty member called the
resolution passed "pablum." it was a
compromise between the “no con-

‘rt'sGainr 1b;-

 lJu RIM l-TolerlsAsU);

. New York State legislators; in-
terrupted day long conferences

Thursday to hear Morris Udall

speak to an overfilled crowd in tlte
Assembly Parlor of the Capitol
Building as hesought support for the
crucial New York State Primary on
April 6.

The tight security in the State
Assembly was broken. for as Udall
walked through the chamber on his
way to the Assembly Parlor. all
those who had been waiting im-
patiently for him ignored instruc-
tions to remain seated and rose.
strainingto get a glimpse ofthe Con-
gressman or perhaps to shake his
hand.

Udall spoke briefly stressing the
importance of the upcoming
primaries in New York and Wiscon-
sin. He dcclurcd that he would win in
Wisconsin. but the worry was up-
purent in his speech. A loss in
Wisconsin and New York would
mean an almost certttin death to his
candidacy campaign. He matintincd
that New York is“goitlgl0 bcutight
one." but promised that he Would
come in a strong second. with
Jackson the probable winner in the
state.

“We are now down to the point
where there are three candidates»
Jackson. Carter and Udall.“ he said.
He began to try to convince the
audience that he wusthc best ofthe
tltrcc.

"Someone said that if Ford and
Carter were the candidates every
point on no issue would be covered."
he told the crowd. “Ford would bcin
the middle and Jimmy Carter would

Morris. Udall

be on both sides." To support his
story Udnllrcud fromtht: New York
Times and a Rochester paper. cuch
quoting Carter giving opposite
points of view on fcdcruliration of
welfare.

Udall brought up his past record
saying that "I'm among the first to
come out against the wurin Vietnam
and he [Jackson] was among the
lust.“ Attempting to appeal directly
to New Yorkers he told them that
Carter was :tguinsl the bail out of
New York City. while Udall had
voted in favor of it.

True to his word that he would not
tryto avoid giving it straight answer.
in response to it question from u
NYI’lRG lobbyist Udtlll stated that.
“I‘m in favor of the dccriminttlizn-
tion but not the legalization of matri-
junntt.“

dong.

,’ m k
OUR COMPLETELY OBJECTIVE TENURE SYSTEM

 

ﬁdcncc" as proposed by Professor
Johnpoll and the Professor Stout
porposal which was described by one
junior faculty member as “all holds
barred." Johnpoll eventually
withdrew his resolution. feeling it
may have been counter-productive.

SUNYA Gets Old Green Buses Replaced

cmrlintwdll'mm page one

driver replied. “It makes no
difference to me. I‘m getting the
same hours in."

President of Yankee Trails John
Tobin said that Jack Olsen of the
SUNYA motor pool called him ask-
ing that the charter busses take over
all SUNYA weekend runs. He add-
ed. “He [Olsen] didn‘t give an ex-
planation and naturally I didn't ask
for one. We're glad to get. the
business.“

Accordingto Hartley. it is difficult

to hire bus drivers because of the .

regulations and qualifications re-
quired for employment. He at—
tributes this to a state freeze on hir-
ing drivers. thus the university must
ﬁrst apply to the Civil Service
Preferred list for new drivers.
resulting in a four orﬁve week delay.
All drivers must meet Civil Service
qualifications and adhere to union
rules before being hired.

Because of the lintited income and

full schedule. SUNYA drivers don't
want to work part-time or overtime.
Hartley said. There is also a limited
amount of temporary service money
for student drivers.

Just how successful the weekend
charter service is will be determined
at the end of this semester. At least
one thing is evident. student satisfac-
tion with the large. plushy charter
busses. Said one weary looking _
SUNYA commuter. “They sure ride

‘ tl

“ICC

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The eventual druft was a version

of the compromise Tttrlton resolu-
tion which voiced displeasure in the
form of rhetorical questions.
One integral member ofthe process.
Professor Rccb of Economics.
Chairman of the ad hnr committee
that approved both Brown and
Knight. feels that the criteria are too
ambiguous.

“If we had deﬁnitions for ‘cx-
cellence in scholarship' or ‘excellent
teaching‘ the decisions would not be
left so much to the subjective
judgments of individuals."

“Only 55000 is spent on the tenure
and promotion process here." Reeb
continued. "We just don't spend
enough time and money researching
our own problems." '

"The result is that politics play a
role in 60 to 90% of all [tenure]
cases."

PAGE THREE

 

