. . ., M_ "__'..‘_..,..,_ n".

 

a, mum: striawr'rz

Varioust 'refei‘redto as “The High
Priest of the Blues," “The Sire of
Supergroupa“. and even “The God-
father of the. Blues," John Mayall
does not so much play music as con-
trol it. In fact. Mayall plays God on
his latest creation. A Bimquet in
Blues (ABC). With his mighty right
hand he deftly mixes blues, country,
jazz, soul. arid rock and roll into an
entity all his own; with a steady left
hand he manage to coalesce the

        
       
   
       
    
     

biggest talents in the industry.

A Banquet in Blues boasts a group
of memorable players (Mayall has
always changed his musicians
regularly) who form a unique blend
of light but sophisticated blues.
Among them are pianist Ron
Barron, a student of Dr. John and
veteran of Paul Butterficld's Better
Days; violinist Don Harris, a long-
time member of Mayall's band;

   

 

   
  
        
     
 

 

Nt
Till Attila”

    
 

 R'

Delaney and. scone; attentions,
the esteemed trumpeterpsoko
Richardson. ‘ drMmﬂ=for ‘ Ike ‘and

‘ Tina Turner for ten yam-gnu Larry
Taylor, bassist for Canned iletit. Jon

Mark and Johnny Almond also
appear on the album. The band is
cohesive and tightly-knit, with an
obvious respect for Mayall and for
each other. _

The album represents an impor-
tant step in John Mayall‘s progres-
sion. It is better produced than his
previous albums; a more
professional attitude has emerged;
there is more orchestration in these
bouncy, catchy tunes than usual
Mayall. A fuller sound than, say.
Jazz Blues Fusion results, with more
enjoyable listening as a by-product.

The songs are rhythmic, with the
bass very often working hand-in-
hand with the drums. The ex—
perimental idea of Turning Point. in
which no drums are used on the en-
tire album, has never completely left
Mayall; the instruments work dually
as melody and percussion. The jam
on the fourteen-minute “Pan-
tasyland“ demonstrates the in-
fluence of this school of thought.

Regarding the rest of the songs.
each is more tuneful. more pleasing.
more foot-tapping good than the
last. Mayallrswitehcs from real blues
to jazz to reggae as easily as we can
f‘lipthe TV dial. His guitar work is up
to par, his harmonica sharp and on
its toes. Vocally, Mayall is smooth
and mellow. but he has muddicd up
this effect by using a female voice.
Dee McKinnie. to harmonize:
an hing detracting attention from

HULLK~BAL00

PRESENTS——

LUCKY DAY

THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY, SUNDAY

NO COVER

HALLOWEEN PARTY!

SATURDAY NIGHT OCT. 30

$ 100 IN PRIZES AWARDED FOR
BEST COSTUMES.

W55” [ARGESI COUNTRY Rum
lUE “it

B GRASS CLUB
/~’—‘

to“
fl“ Slitll
,, - . L
540149

I
last
or

 
  
 

TD
“51
atrium
9

449-

A

ws—Nbursrﬁv

IGMT

. cicada/(git
s as
779W:
435-1540

the assist  I
in Majorcrinic , .1  -" p

A Banquet In Hubris acct-istent-
ly good album. it mint rate a good.
solid Bin anyone's book: lifor bourr
cy blues, for better production and a

better hand than ever, 'and for John ,:

Mayall's express brand of music.
1 War Greatest
llits‘

By BRUCE CONNOLLY

Being cool. you know, l'm reluc-
tant ,to bestow my benediction on
any band that's prone to extruding
AM hits. And War always sounded
like slick formula manipulation to
me. Of course, the only time lever
heard them was on tinny car radios
or over the Price Chopper sound
system or on portable radios that
you see those space cadets toting
around downtown. So here I am, a
little mystiﬁed, embarrassed almost.
wondering why War Greatest Hits
doesn‘t sound dippy. Why. in fact.
l‘m enjoying it a lot. After all, this
threatens my whole \vorld image.

Familiarity weighs in heavily. The
whole psychology of pop stems from
the assumption that, given suf-
ficiently massive doses of anything.
people will like, or can be
programmed to like. that which they
can recognize instantly. This is it
‘hits‘ album as opposed toa ‘best of‘
album. Gold. the cover reminds us.
No risks. 0f the ten cuts. only
"Summer" appears on an Ip for the
first time.

Thing is, if you haven't heard
War‘s music right. if you‘ve only had
it bounced offyou along with traffic
noises and the sound of crashing
shopping carts, then you really
haven‘t heard War‘s music at all.
They transcend slickncss. ’l'hey're
models of proficiency. Personally. I

. or V
in. occasions“

 

' won:

r‘agpdne'ss. If somebody would just
drop his maracas oneeinawhile the _
album would'sound infinitely more
brain. But my personal preferences

   

aren‘t terribly important. Musically
the album is virtually faultless.
OK now. I‘m not about to do

use in listening to music
f in finding something new
om hing you've heard a million

' ct
times. But I‘d just like to point out

that "Gypsy Man" has about the
finest melodic harmonica playing
ever recorded. And the apparent
sappiness of “The Cisco Kid" is
relieved. if not redeemed. by the
devastating image of The Kid chas-
ing some gringo bastard through
some ﬁeld. That changes one‘s
perspective on the song a bit, eb‘l
And even “Why Can't We Be
Friends" has a touch of humor and
evil under its dopey veneer. That‘s
all. Except here‘s the rest of the song
titles—“All Day Music,“ “Slippin‘
into Darkness," “The World is a
Ghetto," “Me and Baby Brother,"
“Southern Part of Texas,“ and
“Low Rider.“

 

our bodies.
soft cellos
fiddled

by daylight‘s
lamp

of a band

night.

shadow herds
overtake us;
our flesh
saddles

for stars.

the heavens
open their
black eyelid;
profile of coin
pir'ch of canarics

 

Music y la noche y la Luna

~-C/rurle.r P. Httrcx

 

vieWpoint

 

 

 

 

 

3855

 

THE-3-DAY-ALL'YOU-CAN
EAT- ITALIAN FEAST. $2.95.
Including Wine or Beer.

    
   
   
      

Every Sunday, Monday8l Tuesday

A Feast guaranteed teenager the rmogt'nation,srar+r ‘
ANTIPASTO Butter and followed by heaping platters at SF HETrt,Ptz:zA.
LASAGNA,MEATBAL15,5AUSAC1E and MORE. And to top it omen icy
mug or BEER,gobIct or WtNE,oronvother beverage.

  under IO

served Sunday I7. Noon to It FM ' MONJAY L Tuesday «PM to “PM

Cheri-l Italia 
Western Av. cit Fuller Rd

.r a. - n
, ..a-sygfr _, - y,
5‘2? r '.",,.,n “.
tr., {4; 3 1‘!“ I carom/Hazqu
“Nix

) endomorde
., .
1. l m.
V H

t/Cs’

caimnmocotdmd

with our iomous

 

WW”

LBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

OCTOBER 22, 1976

private rooms, we are more promiscuous?
Really nowl Those on campus just kick their
roommates out or ﬁnd somewhere else to go to
"satisfy their urges".

Needless to say, there do exist differences.
We are a much closer knit group because the
people here make an effort to get to know the
others. The atmosphere here is much more
open than any l‘ve seen elsewhere—many of
us drop in to meet the newer arrivals and to
rap with the already new-found friends. At
times we stay closed in our room because we
have our studies, too.

I have lived in the Wellington Student
Annex since the beginning ofthc semester and
really enjoy it. I say “I'm going home” at the
end of the day, not "Oh. well...back to the
dorms", because We come to like this place
and isn‘t it a home. after all? The advantages
far outweigh the disadvantages—«l don't think
I‘d live on-campus even if there was a space
available. As a new member ofthe Wellington
Experiment, I want students dissatisfied with
on-eampus housing to know that there is an
alternative. Furthermore, R. Kissane.
wltocvcr you are and wherever you live, as the
old cliche goes, "Don't knock it until you've
lrlt'tl il.’ "

Sum" ('. .lcnks

name of the game-
pride

'l‘o the Editor:

Having attended SUNYA for three years.
two ofwhich were spent on campus. I now find
that UAS (formally FSA) hits improved its
food tuality. At the beginning. when larrived
and sat down to my first meal. I thought the
food was terrible.

Today. I would liketocomplirncnt [MN for
their increase inihe quality and preparation of
their food. lam now a cook‘s helper on oncof
the quads. and currently eat most of my meals
in that quad cafeteria.

Recently, FSA/UAS has undergone a}

change in management. There are now
thorough checks on preparation and an
overall increase in the quality of prepared
meals. Due to theindustrious Ronald Clough.
the new boss of UAS, and Assistant Director
Anthony D. Virgilio. the infamouschowmein
incident and others like it will never happen
again. Several times a day on each quad, under
their close scrutiny, all cafeterias are inspected
and must be found up to par.

The standards and procedures for food
preparation are established by the chefs and
the administration at weekly meetings in
which the entire menu is discussed. On each
quad. there is a " Beef Board“. where students
may air their gripes. Allthis, hopefully, makes
for better food.

Another big plus for UASis its special func—
tion dinners. These are the only times i have
heard my fellow students break down and ac-
tually compliment the food. Due for
Halloween is a special dinner, which was
suggested to UAS by the Central Food Com—
mittee. This group of concerned students has
planned a menu and submitted it to UAS. The
meal should be good.

Needless to say. with all these refinements.
additions and changes in the menu. there is
much more work for each quad. There has
been no increase in the amount of help. so
everyone in the kitchen must work harder. I
don‘t mind working harder becatrsc the end
product is better; when lltc food is better,
everyone is happier. including me. because i
cat the food,

In food service. the name of the game is
pride. and comparatively speaking. UAS and
all its personnel have a right to be proud.

Paul .I. liurgdorf

   

 

The Albany Student Press welcomes letters
to the editor. Letters must be typewritten,
ll'f/)It‘-.\'/)(lt‘t'l/, and signed. Names“ will he
it'll/iltcltl on request. Please bring or send
let/err to (tun/ms Center Room 129 by
ll’cr/Itiotlur for publication in the Friday
f.\'.\ tlt' tlllt/ hr .S‘undttrtor the Tuesday f.\'.t'llt‘.

 

 

 

#

Visiting Day at Camp SUNYA

by (fury Scott (loldluger

 

 

 

If anyone was around 1 ill: com pus these past
two weeks. you couldn't help but notice all the
maintenance \vork that's been going on. Just
in case you did miss it . lto\\c\‘ct‘. there were
huge signs cvcrywhcrc \vrt hstick figures depic-
tingtlic average American launly; one mother.
one father. and 2.] children. lhc sign loudly
proclaimed that this weekend. and this
weekend alone. was ('ommunrty l’rnrcrsity
Day. lint we all know better: It was Visiting
Day at Camp Albany. Mothers and fathers
from all over 1 be state were driving tip to check
tip oti its. meaning that everybody and
cverytlnng had to bcjust rrght. liicn President
l‘iclds‘ parents wcre coming to visit their son
at college.

As students cleaned up their rooms, l‘lCltlb
ordered the campus to bc scrubbed. washed.
and polished. wanting his parents to know he
lived at a neat school. He even hung up large
banners naming all important buildings on thc
podium so it“ the parents could read what
everything was without putting on their
glasses.

Also. one mustn't forget to make hotel
reservations for the folks. After discovering
thttt the Hyatt House was hooked solid. Presi-
dent Ficlds looked in View/min“ for itltolltcr
motel and secured a reservation.

While eagerly awaiting ottr pnrcms' arrival.
we all tried to think of ways to criterain them
once lliey got here. If your parents had never
been here before. tostnll until ll was time to go
(till to dinner. you could show them the
school. liven if your parents were here before.
show them llrc school again to kill some time
"Hi/Way. The (ircart Dunes football garlic
always brings out the college spirit in the folks.
President Fields planned to show his parents
the new ltnthskellirr Pub and pin parking

lot text to ('olonriil Quad he had had hillll.
Altcruzuds. hc lrgurcd he could talk his
|lillctlls into taking him to (‘olorne for some
long aunitcd shopping.

At last Saturday rrrrncs and the families
begin to make their appearances: the early
birds arming around ten and the majority.
after noon lllL‘l'L' are all tltllcrcnf \hrrpcs and
sites of mothers. larthcrs. sisters. brothers.
grandrnotlrcis. grandfathers. aunts. uncles
and dogs 1 grrcsslhcrcrnight be more cleaning
uprrltcr tlic prucnts lt'il\CllliIll before. The day
passes rather quickly. and everyone is anx~
iously anticipating it delicious mcirl for a
change. l‘lL‘ltlb arlrcirdy made reservations at
the (ioldcn I‘m since one of the senior
students find recommended if highly to him.
All the restaurants are crowded. and the meal
cnds much later than expected. so no one has
any trotiblc getting their parents back to the
motel so the night out drinking did not have to
be cancelled. lhc old ltilksjllsl can‘t get used
to keeping the truly hours as college kids are
so used to.

Sunday morning rolls around and yott lor'cc
Votlt'scll to get out of bed before noon to say
goodbye and get tinot her free meal. .| list about
the whole school runs into catch other at
l|l()l"s. where they hire a few extra waitresses
for Visiting Day. Afterwards, mom and dad
dmc you back to the room to give their last
Words ot advice. President Fields has his
prucnts drop him off at the Administration
Circle. His mother hands him an overstuffed
shopping hug mt, ' trill bagels. lresli fruit.
and sonic envelopes already stamped and ad-
dressed. "Just because you're away at school
doesn‘t mean you should forget to write,
limmctt dear." Alter promising to phone
home once in it while. his parents seem

satisfied.

Nobody Listening? Try  . .

It’s no secret: simplifying an issue is quicker and easier than going to
all the trouble, of deciding what is really at stake.

Third World people demonstratingin the Rathskeller yesterday made
it obvious that they’re wise to this time and energy saving device. They
accused the Rathskeller- management of discrimination, for ripping
down posters. The Rathskcller management freely admitted removing
posters put up by.this group. Their policy, they explained, is to remove
all notices not placed in designated areas. The posters were not placed in
these areas, so they were removed. Case closed? Not quite. Why bother
to define the issue when it can more easily be confused? Just yell
“racism” —— it’s simple. And not only that . . .

0 It's exciting: people get to paint signs, demonstrating their creative
skills.

0 It's glamorous: anyone can become a star when there’s an emotional
issue at stake, since it’s an excellent time to bring out the bullhorn.
Previous experience is not required; instant recognition is available to
all.

0 It fosters unity: there’s nothing better than a good, emotional, gut
issue to give folks the chance to feel really together.

0 It’s effective: and that‘s the problem.

The Rat hskcller signed an agreement drafted by the demonstrators to
provide two new bulletin boards — in addition to the three already
available. In doing so, a tacit admission of wrongdoing was made;
whether or not it was warranted is unclear.

The fact that the agreement addressed itself only to the issue of space,
and not discrimination, indicates that the charge of racism was in the
end considered extraneous even by its originators. As far as bulletin
board square footage is concerned, the Rathskeller is in no way bound to
provide any minimum amount of public notice area, as the agreement
seemed to imply.

Perhaps the Rathskeller just wanted to get the whole thing over with
as quickly as possible, and so signed what was put in front oftbem. But
by failing to clarify the issue — or determine whether there was one ——
the path has been cleared. Emotionalism is the key to results. And why
not? it works.

 

 

Quote of the Day:
When two people agree. one of them is not thinking . . .
“It’ami'ey Clark rpm/ring at SUN YA

 

 

 

A Y
é gl‘ED‘ T
. RES
MA STIIEA D STAFF

Qumran Derxka
ﬁrmer RAGGIO
f‘vminx HAClNLl
Hsva HOLzaelc
Louisa Mutts

Ft i an F1“
Invni F

Eunoa IN cum
MANAGING mim-
Ngws amen-
Assocrxn NEWS Imm-
Paooucriou mm A”-
Assocun nooucnon mm"-
Eurrosrui nets Imm-
Aan I. rn'ruars EDITOIS ..................................... ..NAOMI Faisaanosx. SreriiaN EBINMAN
Associxn sass "mn- MATTHEW KAUFMAN
Seam smma MIKE PIIIAISII
Assocun irons rum-I Fn Man
A - - "- LISA Brunoo. DAN 0mm
Assoc-rut MANAGII R-uu Cturiu.
CL ..: mm"- EILEEN DUOOAN
Ivsmns mum. Mrcnni. J. AIDAN

 

 

 

 

AP. A Zodiac News: Alice Kohn. Robert Kwarta

Stq/f writers: Bruce Connolly, Joel Feld. Jonathan Levenson, Paul Roaenthal

Preview: Nancy Emerson

Billing Accountant: Carol Cotriu

Payroll manager: Ellen Fine

Composition managers: Ellen Bolsen, Patrick McGlynn

Composition production: Jeff Aronowitz, Ilene Pfeiffer. Amy Sour:

Head typtu: Leslie Eisenstein

Production: Rene Altman, Marc Arkind. Sally Ann Brecher, Karen Cooper, Joan Ellsworth,
Irene Firmat. Judi Heitner. Sally Jaguar, Dave Kata. Vicki Kururnan, Denise Mason,
Debbie Riepr, Joan Silverblatt, Laurie Studwell, Stu Vincent, Jody Wilrcr

Advert‘rlng production: Joyce Bella. Kelly Kita, Debbie Kopf, Janet Mounicr, Mel Roland

Administrative ASH-flail]! Mike Forbes

The Albany Student Press Li published every Tusdcy and hiday durtm the school w. except

holidays. Editorial policy is the mporulbtltty ofilie Eattor-tn—Cithf. and is subject to review by

the Martiwad Stir/L Matti ofﬁce.- Campur Center. Room 329. Telephone: ‘5 7-809). Adria: mall
to: Albany Student Press. CC 129. I400 Washington Avenue, Albany. New York 12222.

 

 

 

 

1 u. w

 

     

 

 

 

