 

 

 

 

  
   
  
  

tr't le...

,‘I'otle‘lltors”w ‘ ' ‘
Professor ﬁllede I Johnpoll‘s article.

‘t'l'winltle‘, Twinkle” Little Stars” (asp. March

IQ, is atliought-provokinganalysis of current

'  aeedemicpolitics. As an alumnus and a once:
uatezof this mesmerotic in- .

   

and-full!"

  

v If .
» stittstion. l h’adthe opportunity to witness the
I 'administration‘s economic and compartmen-
talized approach to scholarship. Seemingly,
the administration contends that if the
podium could be called into physical being

 

with money, a faculty could be formed in the A

same manner. So hasty an approach to an
educational system seems ﬁctional. Yet. as
Prof. Johnpoll points out. this is and has been
Albany's approach to educational eminence.
So it was with Aesop and so it evolves at
SUNYA: “Haste makes waste.“ To quote
Prof. Johnpoll's article: “Good academic
talent is not for sale.“

in the interest of this (ﬁscal) year's instant
preoccupation, cutting expenditures. the ad-
ministration would be wise in channeling its
efforts toward the cultivation of talent which
is already present at SUNYA instead of the
importation of highly priced rascals of
academe. This action requires no monetary
consideration, but does imply the task of
policy re-structuring.

(I am sure that neither Prof. Johnpoll or
myself will charge the administration for this
information.)

John A. Murphy

...|itt|e stors’

To the “tort

i would liketotaketltis opportunity tocom—
ment on Bernard Johnpoll‘s column in last
Friday's issue of the ASP. i read his article
with alternating feelings of shock and disgust
and I am very surprised that a university
professor would allow having such stomach
turning drivel published under his name. It is a
sad state of affairs which an undergraduate
feels compelled to give a professor elementary
lessons in the rudiments of composition and in
the realm of good taste. Before commencing.l
hasten to assure Professor Johnpoll that this is
not a sycophantic diatribe. but an attempt at
logic. something the professor is so obviously
incapable of adhering to.

He makes it quite obvious that he strongly
disagrees with the views and recent ASP
column of. Professor H. Peter Krosby of the
History department. My memories of
Freshman English Composition are dim, but i

 
   

h hinuelf to beating his arguments on hirin-

troductory paragraph and the characteristics
he attributed to Professor Krosby‘s f‘misslve'.”
there would be'no needfo'r this letter.
Professor Johnpoll is guilty of one of the

   

crimes he accuses Krosby of: inteniperateness. .

However, his is not the “studied in-
temperateness” of Krosby. it is blatant in its
presence and virulent in its strength.

I, myself,,do not gsgree with Krosby on
everything he advocates. and l think his choice

‘of the adjective: “pathetic” in describing the.

English‘depar‘tment f acuity's letter was an un-
fortunate One. As far as i can see, this is no
justiﬁcation for personal mudslinging in the

' pages of the ASP, especiallly when thrown by

one faculty member at another. (In an un-
dergraduate's naivite, I thought this sort of
thing happended in the rarified atmosphere of
faculty bathrooms.) Professor Krosby does
not need any of his students to defend him but
i doubt very much if he sees his mission in life
as "devoting it to the direction of future
Platos, Darwins and Einsteins," this is simply
a statement with no foundation of truth.
Krosby does show an interest in guiding and
training graduate students and undergraduate
students who are interested and motivated. l
have had the privilege of taking courses with

him for two years and l have never found

myself treated as a “lesser breed." lf Johnpoll
had bothered to take a representative sampl-
ing among Krosby's students, he would have
found that Krosby commands respect from his
undergraduate students for his competence as
a lecturer, for his knowledge and expertise. for
his work. but also for his availability to the
“lesser breed.“ At the moment Krosby teaches
History 356. one of the largest, if not the
largest course in the department. It was
offered this semester as a result of popular de-
mand. and it is made up entirely of un-
dergrads.

in his letter Krosby “guesses.” “ventures to
say” and ‘Ssuggestsf‘ thisis hardly"thetruth as
deliveredby Peter Krosby.“ It is an emphatic
statement of opinion; yes. but no more than
that. Johnpoll characterizes Krosby's column
as self serving. How so. Professor? it is a
known fact that Peter Krosby came from the
University of Wisconsin and wasthe chairman
of Albany State's history department. ls
Professor Krosby the “second rate Lochinvar
who came out of the West?“ One only wishes
that Professor Johnpoll hadn‘t suddenly
decided to become vague, a few names and
dates would have been a pleasant addition to
his argument and the enlightened reader may
even have construed it as evidence!

Finally. I have an intense dislike for
Professor Johnpoll‘s choice of an odious
“analogy. The comparison you make between
Professor Krosby's views and ‘the ofﬁcial
policy of the most brutal state in the history of
mankind is a terribly unfair one. and as a

 
 
  
    
 

I an analogy is employed to make a point, it

and Prof or‘lltrosby M ‘ ‘
port of theirs; how this'can be construed as
genocide is beyond my comprehension. When,

should be weighed for its potential “hurt”
value; this analogy is an offenseto the univer-
sity's Jewish community, as wellasto any fair-
minded person. The ﬁnal line in Johnpoll’s
column is beyond the bounds of human decen-
cy but by now, hardly surprising to the reader.
Professor Krosby has advanced his views and
they probably are not representative of the
majority view on this campus. However. they
deserve to be treated with respect and courtesy
and replied-to in kind.

1 would suggest to the author that if he is up
on his history. he will ﬁnd resemblances
between his work and the best material of
Julius Streicher. if not in content, certainly in
technique. 1 would further suggest to you sir,
that you look to your colleaguesin the English
department for a model on how to write a
balanced and rational letter. their reply to
Professor Krosby is an example. Stop crying
about shutting off the gas ovens and concen-
trate on shutting off the venality that flows
from your pen.

Dennis Levy

yencho and tenyo

To the Editor:

It is with profound disappointment that we
have received news of the Administration‘s
denial of tenure to Professor Andrew J.
Yencha of the Department of Chemistry. in
denying tenure to this excellent educator. the
University is destroying those very principles
that it seeks to uphold.

Both in the classroom and research
laboratory. DJ. chcha has used his talents
and skills for the, benefit of the students and
the University Community. He has eit-
couraged students to expand their interests by
sponsoring research projects. symposiums on
campus and guest speakers. He has brought
honor and distinction to SUNYA through his
own research and publication efforts. He has
contributed signiﬁcantly to the lives and
futures of many former students by urgingand
encouraging them to pursue graduate educa-
tion at renowned universities all over the
country. For these opportunities, many
students are deeply indebted to Dr. Yencha for
his advice. counsel and encouragement.

Dr. Yencha‘s qualiﬁcations and recommen-
dations are outstanding. It is apparent that in
making such a rash decision. the Administra-
tion has ignored these facts completely. We
strongly urge the Administration to re-
examine its untimelyjudgment rind reconsider
Dr. Yencha‘s candidacy. The loss of such a

"organizations in Bristol.

g" _ Alphw.0ertler

‘ ' . 5 r i Department of Chemistry,
. IUniv’eriity or California. Los Angeles
 "7 ' . " ‘.GaryS.Selwyn

* '7 Departme‘ntof Chemistry
University of California, Berkeley

_ flip-top flopped

To the Editor:

, I would like to take this opportunity to
thank and to apologize to all those who par-
ticipated in the recent “flip-top" collection.

I ﬁrst learned about the supposed kidney
machine campaign from one of my brother's
friends. This individual suffers from a kidney
ailment and undergoes weekly hemodialysis
treatment in Boston. She and her family and
friends have been saving “flip-tops" for the
past year in the mistaken belief that such a
kidney machine collection program exists. It
was based on this information that i decided
to organize a collection drive onthiscampus.

lthas been discovered that such acollcction
program does not exist. Many people on this
campus have become disappointed. frustrated
and/or angry. While such feelings are
justified. they cannot be as deeply felt as the
disappointment of my brother's friend and
those like her who had a very real stake in this
purported collection campaign.

Due to the investigation by Stephen
Dzinanka of the Albany Student PressI it was
discovered that this “flip-top“ drive did not
have any factual basis. It was my responsibili-
ty to determine the authenticity of this
program before i organized a collection on
this campus. This l failed to do and must.
therefore. accept any consequences that may
result from it.

i have now made the inquiries that i should
have made before organizing this collection.
Mr. Leland Lcmieux. Bursar of Bridgewater
State College, has provided me with the
following infogrnation. Last year several civic
Massachusetts.
collected “flip-tops" which a corporation
redeemed. This company purchased an “iron
lung“ for the use of patients in that area. The
program sponsored by this company was a
“one-shot“ deal. This meant that no matter
how many “flip-tops" were collected in excess
of a million. only one “iron lung" would be
purchased. Efforts are currently being made to
arrange another project of this type. Mr.
Lemieux has promised to inform me ifsuch a
collection program is established. Should thttt
be the case. i will forward the collected “flip‘
tops“ to him.

I would once again like to thrrnk everyone
who took part in the collection on this Clim-
pus. Although our effort was l'utilc. lltc
response generated was extremely generous
and encouraging.

liriun P. Luctls

' might'lndeed have been able to turn the tide and prevent them from

President of the Capitol Pollce Union '

‘gSgr. Willem Clay, commending on yesterday's anti-budch cut demonstration

m THING Is...so MANY or

ltE'Y'REAIJ. (OH!
on «lemme

"El

 

 

 

 

    

 
  

    

  
 
  
 
 

  
 

  
  

  

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'tac'us'“

Looking for Leaders

Over 40 years ago Franklin Roosevelt came
to Washington determined to uplift a nation
morally and economically depressed. The nu-
tion at that time was looking for one man with
enough ﬁre. drive, and charisma to direct the
nation on a new and positive course. FDR
filled that vacuum. But it is not just during a
time of crisis that the tuition looks for a
dynamic leader. Every generation. whether in
peace or war, prosperity or depression. sees
itself as guardians of the future, responsible

'by David Troeger .... ..

 

 

eye of the media, and thus the public.

ﬂmwggkaiggdw$ldouded Concerns

|

l
Izll

' 3w 1
i 3.1, illllllllll.

It is sad when the poor conduct of a few overshadows the conscientiousefforts of ‘1,
many. lnevitably. those who break the glass and swarm through the hallways catch the'

 

 

    

   

It is sad when those responsible for reporting such eventstotally misrepresent them. i "
One major New York newspaper ﬂashed a headline across the top of its front page /
which read. “l0.000 Students Storm Albany“. This is at best a good beginning for a

lousy fairytale. and at worst an unfortunate ending to some grossly inept reporting.

Try to peer through the cloud of chaos that was kicked up by a minority of
unscrupulous agitators and recognize the goal Tuesday's demonstration set out to
accomplish. The vast majority of the participants sought a peaceful, but strong. visible
means of stating their arguments against cutting back the funding of higher education
in New York State. .

Try to understand the anger felt by most of those who reacted violently—but do not

condone their behavior. Condemn that for what it was—unruly. unproductive, and

unnecessary. _

It is sad to see the hard work of those who organized the demonstration come so
close to going down the drain. SUNYA's Student Association worked with
painstaking effort to prepare students for a peaceful. well-organized, meaningful
demonstration. Their plans. and the plans of many other SUNYsehools. Were partially
foiled by this unfortunate outbreak of violence. However, if the events which took
place Tuesday are carefully scrutinized and put into their proper perspective, it
becomes evident that their purpose was not.

Turn On To Telethon

Unfortunately. too rarely do students devote their time. energies. and talents to
helping others; this is why the Telethon has become a highly revered tradition at
SUNYA. It is the one chance for students with any kind oftalent or desire to channel
their generosity and productivity into a mass effort for a worthwhile cause—the
Wildwood School for the Developmentally Handicapped.

Wildwood is an independent program designed for children with mental and
physical learning disabilities. These children would be left behind in a normal
classroom situation, but at Wildwood they receive the individual attentionthey need to
be able to function effectively in regular academic or trade schools.

Wildwood is run by the parents of these children. Even with the aid of grants. the
program must rely on the fund-raising activities of Telethonto support itsexistence.

So help out. For the past eleven months your fellow students have practiced and
fine-tuned their acts in preparation for a single 24 hour period this weekend—Telethon
‘76.

It may be the largest student run telethon inthe country, but support should not be
.limited to the student body. Here‘s an issue that can dissolve the walls ofantagonism
that sometimes separate students. faculty, and adminstrators.

For the next 24 hours, forget the budget cuts, forget the tenure cases. forget the
demonstrations . . .but remember the children.

 

might be fitting in an international situation
when we have to stand firm against our
enemies. But. though we might feel sometypc
of cmotionul catharsis whcn he angrily
proclaims: “And I‘m fed up when . . . “.
who do we feel like grabbing by tltc collar
when he‘s talking about some domestic issue?
It could \‘cryturn out to he one's own brother.

(icorgc \‘Vullucc. though. is not thconlyonc
to use this technique. Senator l'lcnry Jackson
of Washington, in order to win the
Massachusetts primary run ltugc ads reading:

é‘iﬁiillt

.Srsrnan DZINANKA
.SrnNcaa RAGGIO
Berry STEIN
.............................. ..l)twro Wthr—stsao
.. ANDREA HER’LIIERO. CYNTHIA HAClNLl
Lourss MARKS
CAROL Mansusou. ELLEN FINE

 

MASTHEAD STAFF

 

 

EDITOR m cum“
MANAGING EDITOR
News rolrlw
StNtoa assocurs news “HTML...
Assoctsrc Ncws sotroas .... ..
l'ttooucrtoN “WAN-
Assoctxrs raooucrtoN MANAGERS ............................... ..

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

   

on.-.“ ot~w...,.l......, .» 1.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
 

V“ 'l
at
l
t
l

I. 
is
' I t for eradicating today's rohlcms, so
i ‘     “)6st $1      I FEEL tomorrow will ben better plttce’folive. Butthc "1 1"“ iltlﬂillﬁl “US-“nth” 5"” “WW” “’0” EDITORIAL Moss EDITH" .  WAX
(   '  Fm      A“ l S  people cannm do it by ‘hcmsclvcs' The). mm] Massachusetts but whttl‘cmotions did he have Ams & rsnunrs EDITORS .......................... ..NAOMI FatEDLANotzn. STﬁ‘rTELN‘szhn:
:   ll ‘0.      5% q  W  one person, a lettder.to puttheir souls on ﬁre. to Plﬂl’ 0" in “NM 10 W‘"? M "PPUIWI‘ltlHn' brotthIrrnrortu~ .... .. I  ‘
l i LL ' l 0F Ti'E  I lflltc leadership vacuum was being filled at m)’ um" Pl” ll he hild 1” “59 ll hi‘l‘lc‘lny A “PO”?"‘:':::1:R:BIT°R" .
' ' ‘ . . -  . . , u  r. .r l)\'l2lt1’l§lNih - I ..... ..

t ‘ O   \ /  I \ present by the current rcsidcm 0‘ mu wrmc dtttsm issut. that had ruunl tiVLlellLF. l Mmcuﬂ Anvmmmu MANN" LISA u“le
‘5  \ ‘ “0115!: would we be turning our hcttds [I‘Ulll'llgulmm ll‘lhllllr‘IL31":L?VUC2::C‘: (-MSMHEDGMWH MANAGE“ KENNE'T" 0m“
'(l buckwurd tr quarter century yearning for or,” Dermwlauc nmnumtlon. .ur n 3 ‘ I t. : “Mums MANAGE“ IIIIIIIIIIIIII “ ..DANtEl. OCoNNUR

l, man from independence rllnrry 'l'rurmm'} “INCH CHlChL‘ﬁ WC 5 CW 151119 '“BhUl ldctllllt
t mpircs to; "in every person there is u wulc AWWH, "WNW-"A, “In”. phi] Mom,

lt scemsthut people are lookingl'or u man to

effectively articulate the interests and cou- A.l'. nm/ Zmliur News managers: Matthew Kaufman. Kim button

range of motivations. We feel four. doubt. in-
Sltt/fwrt'lt'rs: CS. Santino. Susan Miller

sccurity. and pt'cjudicc on the one huttd. and

 

‘w-.x .

-—feiffe

WOULD W
Hill)? TELL'
lU M5

6
mud-arm?

PAGE TEN

/

digit

an as  

IMMOT

0561?
BUT. . . \

 

    

tits rt
MA ltlTRA !

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

hit

gangrene“
vs 5’ A

M
ﬁllets prunes.

 

/
 .\ (5
\ will”:me «3%.,

MARCH 19, 1976

cents of the electorate. And they wont to hear
it in plain English without bureaucratic
thlllblC‘llllk. This explains the popularity ol
former U.N. ambassador Daniel Moynihun.
He spoke front the gut and voculircd the
feelings of vast numbers of Americans who
were llllgcrcd ut the waythc US. had been dis—
rcEttrded by other nations in the U.N.

Speakingto the gut can be fine because peo-
ple like to hour a little straight tttlk front a
politician. liut it should also be remembered
that speaking to the gut can border on speak-
ing to the heart and not the head.

Listen to George Wallace. Of all the can-
didates he hasthe greatest ability to get you
ﬁred up. Whenever he says: “I'm sickcd and
tired of the way. . . ", you feeliikegrtibbing
the person he’s referring to by the collar and
shaking him around a little bit. This attitude

courage. hopc. compassion. confidence, and
undcrslurullug on the olltcr. A l’l‘cstdcttl
can . . express either the lowest

denominator or demand and inspire tltc
Itlgllcsl possible standards untong people."
\(lnc doesn‘t know whether (‘ttt'tct' will get
the nomination of his party. bttt at this stage lit
the campaign it would be encouraging if sortie
ol the other candidates would try to lake thc
some high road that Carter aspires to.

For a politician itt on election year. speaking
to the gut is title but it is only politically ex-
pedient and good for the immediate. In the
final analysis a politician. who wants to
become the leader of all Americans, must
speak to our heads if we hope to plan out a
valid solution to our problems. Planning and
solving come from the head. not the heart.

I’rt'vlr'w.‘ Joyce Feigcnbuum

[filling m't'utmlnnl.‘ Susan Domrcs

Composition managers: Ellett lloisen. Patrick McGlynn
Axrirtanl to the editor: Ellen Weiss

.»l.r.ri.rmnl lo the t‘tllllllftlf [Inger crlt'lur: Stephen l‘urncss
Ilt'tlrl Iypt'sl: Leslie Eisenstein I
l'rutfnt'lion: Junct Adler. l‘trtty Altern, Sarah Blumeustock. Curol Burger. Jouu Ellsworth. Judi
llcitner. Marge lioganh. Vicki Kngtrmun. Kathy Lam. Murc chc.‘l‘nnia Levy. Michele Lipton.
Rich Mcrntclstein. Janet Mcunier. Debbie Rieger. Joan Silverblatt

(impln‘t-s mrmugt'r: Roberta Goldman

Circulation manager.- Helene Lustgurten

Atlrnt‘rtr/rtnlve assistant: Jerelyn Kaye '

Arlwrtlsr'ng production: Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kitn. Brian Cahtll. Anne Wren

Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Servrce and members of Camera Club

' ' lng the school year except
The Albany Student Press I: published awry Theme) and Friday dur

holidays. Edllorlal policy Lr the rerporulblh‘t y of the Edllor In Chlef and subject to review by the
Masthead Sin/ﬂ Main oﬂire: CC 329: telephone: 457-8892. Funded by Student Association. Add-
ress mail to; Albany Student Press. (T HP. 1400 Washington Avenue. Albany. NY [2222. I

.I'

r

 

 

 

 

