  
 
  
   

  
  
  
   
    
      
     
   
      
    
   
   
   
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
    
     
    
     
  
   
 
   
 

  

   
  
     
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

"wasmucrou (An Hopes or

whipping Democrat Jimmy Carter
in his native South may be luring

' President Ford to devote more time,

money and energy to some states
than they possibly are worth, even
if he can win tiiem.

“Sometimes I think Iapend more
time on Florida, which has 17 elec-
toral votes, than California with 45.”
said one strategist at the President
Ford Committee.

“I would like to see them do what
they would have to do to win some of
these states.“’aaid a Carter aide,

.“because if they' did, it would mean

we would beat them in other places
that they need a lot more.”

The siren song of the South seems
an irresistible attraction for the Ford
Campaign despite polls which show
him trailing by I7 to 20 percentage
points in the region.

The President's most elaborate
campaign foray so far was a
southern swing which included a
steamboat ride down the Mississip-
pi, a motoreade along the Gulf coast
and a major speech in Miami.

Ford told Florida party ofﬁcials
he would be back at least two times
before election day. Campaign of-
ﬁcials confirmed plans for at least

‘  Ford'Hopes Ito  50".”

one more Florida trip and perhaps
another to southern points.

With three weeks left before Nov.
2, any time spent wooing Southern
voters means that much less time
spent in the populous industrial

states which Ford's own campaign I

manaprs have designated as crucial
to a Republican victory.

“But if we could just bust upsome
of the Carter strength in the South.
even if it‘s only one state, and add
another like Wisconsin, that would
end the necessity of taking one of the
others." said Fort deputy political
director Norman Watts.

The principal inducement for
Ford in the South is the Conser-
vative predilection of area voters,
who have not supported the national
Democratic ticket since I960. and
polls showing him within striking
distance of Caner in a few target
states.

An Associated Press survey of
deep Dixie states. including polling
data and interviews with campaign
and party officials and
knowledgeable political observers,
confirms that the race may be close
in some areas, but Carter remains
the favorite.

Carter is solid in his home state of

Georgia and almost as strong in
Alabama, Arkansas and the border
state of Kentucky. He also is con-

.sidered comfortably ahead in

Tennessee and North Carolina.

That leaves a half dozen states
where Ford thinks his prospects are
good enough to make the extra ef-
fort.

One of these, Texas, has been one
of his I0 critical target states all
along. With 26 electoral votes. it is
still Carter's by at least ﬁve points in
the latest polls. But with that lead
shrinking. Texas could wind up in a
dead heat.

Disparaging remarks about Lyn-
don Johnson in his Playboy inter-
view have hurt Carter in Texas, but
this also is the state which roundly
rejected Ford in the Republican
primary.

Ford's hopes hinge on Carter mis-
takes and whether Ford's state cam-
paign chief, cit-Democrat John Con-
nally. can rally the defeated Ronald
Reagan troops to the Ford camp.

Virginia. with a governor, senator
and half the congressional delega-
tion from the Republican party. is
another toss-up state with both sides
citing polls purporting to show they
are ahead.

Hua Consolidates Power

TOKYO (AP) A Peking broadcast
Sunday said the Chinese army has
pledged obedience to the party Cen-
tral Committee “headed by Hua
Kuo-feng." a further sign that Hua
was solidifying his position as
successor to Mao Tsc-tung.

There still was no formal an-
nouncement of Hua‘s promotion to
the party chairmanship. the post

held by Mao until his death Sept.9.

But the official Hsinhua news
agency continually used the phrase
“headed by Hua" for the Central
Committee, indication that he is
China‘s No. I leader in fact, if not yet
in title.

It appeared IIhL‘IV the I95-member
Central Committee would have to
endorse Hua‘s selection, and there

has been no report of a committee
meeting since Mao's death.

Foreign press reports from the
Chinese capital Saturday said wall
posters disclosed Hua's elevation to
the posts of party chairman and
chairman of the Central Com-
mittee's military affairs commission,
u position also formerly held by
Mao.

Thais Move Slowly on Detente

BANKOK. Thailand (AP) The
right-wing military coup here will
probably mean a "freeze" in
Thailand's move toward detente
with its Communist neighbors in In-
dochina. but analysts don't foresee a
direct, hot confrontation.

“It is necessary to make an effort
to establish good relations with In-

dochinese nations." Thanat
Khormn, likely to become the new
Thai foreign minister. said in an in-
terview. "But we have to keep
watching the tactics of Communist
leaders. We should not be lured or
trapped diplomatically or militari-
ly."

Thanat. a veteran diplomat who

 

EILEEN? 9136133
[30003000

 

lC 7 7:30, 9:30

lC 7 7:30, 9:30

 

French Connection I
FRIDAY, OCT. 15

Hard Times
SATURDAY, OCT. 16

Jacques Bre
SUNDAY, OCT. 17

===—_;..-.=—__-=====—"—i'i

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    
    
   
 

LC 7 7:30, 9:30

funded by student association

 

has served previously as foreign
minister, said he favors continued
American military involvement in
the Philippines. South Korea and
other parts of Asia. but he did not
suggest a renewed U.S. military
presence here.

Earlier this year. Bangkok ousted
almost all U.S. military forces from
Thailand. Fewer than 270 advisors
remain.

Regarded by many Western
diplomats as a “test case" ofa nation
under Communist pressure,
Thailand is expected to strengthen
its ties with members of the non-
Communist Association of
Southeast Asian Nations, ASEAN.
which also includes the Philippines.
Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia.

The new military regime took con-
trol last week after bloody street
fighting betwoen leftist students and
ploice backed up by right-wingers.
The 24-man Military Reform Coun-
cil blames "Vietnamese Com-
munists" for agitating last week's
crisis and has begun a campaign of
rooting out leftist influence in
T hailand.

 

CORRECTION

In the Friday. October It issue
of the Albany Student Press,
the phone number for the
Albany County Rape Crisis
Center was omitted It should
have read: 445—7547 or 445-
7543.

 

 

 

  
 
    
 

NEWS BRIEFS

Thai General Accused of Conspiracy

BANGKOK, Thailand (AP) Thailand's ﬁve-day old military regime
yesterday accused is general of plotting with other army ofﬁcers against rm-
ruling military council headed by Adm. Sangad Chalawyu. senior military
sources reported. The sources said the accused general. Chalard Hiranyusiri.
53. was “under securitysurveillance" and was ordered to appear before the 14
man military council. They said the council had also drawn up a list of army
generals and lower-ranking officers suspected of plotting with Charlard. The
sources said the council ordered telephone taps and surVeiIlance for those
under suspicion and some might be dismissed from their posts. Though
Charlard is known to have some support among the ofﬁcer corps and hr“,
close connection with the rightist Thai Nation party. he did not appear to be a
serious threat to the military group that overthrew the elected civilian
government last Wednesday.

    

    

 
 
 

 

 
 
   

 
 

Rhodesian Talks Marred by Violence

SALISBURY. Rhodesia (AP) An upsurge in ﬁghting even as blacks rrrrrl
whites prepare for talks on Rhodesia's future has killed IO black guerilltrs lilld
I0 civilians, the government reported Monday. Government security CIIIL‘Is
also said guerillas had shot three black civilians whose bodied were found
roped together. The initial report gave no further detail and it was unclcrrr
immediately whether the victims were three black nationalists missing Since
last week. Those men were members of a nationist faction led by Bishop Abel
Muzorewa and may have fallen victim to an outbread of violence between
nationalist groups. The government communique said guerilltrs over lltt:
weekend blew up part ofa roud bridge straddling the Inyangombc River in
the Rhodes—lnyanga National Park. a popular tourist resort about 20 miles
from the Mozambique border.

Lebanese Peace Talks are Hindered

BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Fighting increased in south Lebanon )‘cstcrdut
threatening the latest round of peace talks seeking to end the nation‘s lrt-
month old civil war. The Palestinian guerillas accused the right “ing
Christians of raids to blow up houses in Palestinian strongholds rrcrrr IIIL‘
Israeli border. A communique claimed Israeli border batteries prmrdcd
artillery and rocket support fol" Christian raids in the foothills ol ‘vlt
Hermon. The area. on the fringes of the Arkoub Region, was once the Illiljlll
staging point for Palestinian raids into norther Isrtiel. It was the firsttimc the
Palestinians admitted that the Christians were reaching out for the Arkorrh.
dubbed Fatahland by the Israelis after Yasir Arafat‘s largest guerilltr group.
AI Fatah. Christian military activity in the south has previoust been illllllL‘tI
to areas southwest of the Arkoub. Christian spokesmen confirmed the
attacks but denied being helped by Israeli artillery or infantry.

Chilean Economy Begins Reactivation
SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) Many of the severe economic problems than hurr-
preoccupied Chile's military government are on the wane. according to the
latest official statistics. They show that three-digit inflation and double-drgri
unemployment rates are going down. The statistics also show that depressed
industrial activity apparently is reviving and a troublesome trade deﬁcit Is
gone. While foreign investment has been slow in coming. loans from tthrotrd
are now abundant. “Our economic reactivation has begun." said I’rcsidunl
Augusto Pinochet in it review of his right-wing regime's three years in power
The central problems of the economy have been overcome.“ Silld lIic
chairman of the government‘s central bank. Independent experts do not
speak With such high optimism. but they agree that the signs are good

Roman Catholics Assault WPM Leaders
Illgl.‘ll“AST, Northern Ireland (AP) An rrngry mob of Roman (‘rrrlrorrv
3:5:(roeizlddtnhd‘klc.kc.d mi: two lender“ Grille Women's l’eticc Movement .rrrrr
wimmym unjlgd‘f‘iriwhlle u,” women ‘00k1ﬂ'ugc in u Ilclftrst church. Iit‘ll\
Tenants‘Associa‘i'm“419mm“!1 med to address“ meetingmlhc TU” I “lit-'9
earlier in the d“ Iorfl.‘ to meeting was called on Sundriy to protest the dcrrtlr
mm bullet “31"; 'f I3 year-old boy hit in the head by a British soldich
out ofthe meeti er 0:110 “ud'cncc 0f about 600 women chased the women
right mhind “Snub: n" "‘cy “In to a nearby Catholic church. “The mob was
Corrigan's hum; :w0.man wf‘h the group Said- “I saw them pulling Mm
kicked in me “on:  “it the clothes off her back. Mrs. Williams \vtrs
were" “inst”. hat . rs.WiIIrums surdluterthat“itwasihc wonrcrrwlro
 I s w en werrrrivcd who advised us to lerrve. They were shocked
by the animal hatred of most of the crowd.

?::YAwaila Committee Endorsement
Commt’nggl Llama.“ “We” llrc'believed to be waiting for u meeting ol the
Kuo-feng rozuccicd "’blml 93mmittee before ofﬁcially naming Premier ﬁrm
from Peking up cum Xiodihc'ulnﬂ “5 Party chairman. But another report
official (.‘liinerrcp new-0 m_ mule that Hua ill Mao's successor. IIh‘IllIlllil. the
pledged obediencei h “max mpm‘id Sunday that the Chinese rrrmy
IIuaDresumnbl hr 0h: L Cain”! C°mmrttee "headed by Iiurr Klto~feng."
sum. 9 bccuumyheis er‘itieting herrd ofthecominittcc since Mao's dcrrilr on
“no” repeated] uwzu irst vtce chairman of the party. llut the llsinlirrrr
conﬁrm his clcmythic Tthe'phrii‘se headed by Hurt," and this appeared to
strungc m” _n' w “my 5 Support Iii considered crucial in the power
I "I’P‘u‘vmly has gone on in Chinrisincc Premier Chou lin—lrii died

Iﬂll Jun 8 “u -
- - Ppctired lrkcly that the 95- r. r - ..
also endorse “w.” pmmmioni member Central Committee would

 

 

OCTOBER 12, 1976

 

by Ed Moaer

The fatal heart attack of Leslie
Deutsch in the university gym on
September 2i, has prompted
students to question the quality and
amount of medical care available in
the physical education building.

Bryan Holzberg, the lifeguard on
duty the night Deutsch died, says his
lifesaving efforts were hampered by
the absence of other persons trained
in lifesaving techniques.

Heart Massage

Holzberg had hurried from the
pool to administer mouth to mouth
‘resucitation and heart massage to
the stricken Deutsch.

“One person can't handle it ideal-
Iy." said Holzberg. “I had to switch
on and off from mouth to mouth to
heart massage."

Holzberg also claims that the gym
lacks the kind of complicated
medical equipment needed to treat a
serioust injured person.

Claudette Delamater, the
women’s trainer, agreed with
Holzberg. but said. “One of the big
problems with sophisticated equip-
ment is also having the people who
know how to use it."

In her experience as a trainer,
Delamater says she has seen people
misuse something as simple as a

  
 
  

 

band-aid. She wonders if making
more complicated equipment
available in the gym Would result in
improperly trained amateurs turning
a bad injury into something worse.

However. she is in favor of having
an MD. on duty in the gym.

Bob Elling, director of the Five

.Quad ambulance service said, “The
gym's a high risk area.‘f

He also pointed out that 40 per-
cent of Five Quad's Calls were for
sports related injuries, many of these
occurring in the gym.

Elling seconded Holzberg's con-
tention that there should be more
medically trained personnel at the
gym. He suggested that students be
offered credit hours or payment for
Itaking courses in PCR [pulmonary-
cardio resucitation] and first aid.

"Such students." said Elling,
"could be stationed in the gym on a
full time basis."

Night Care

Holzberg was especially concern-
ed about the care available in the
gym at night when the men and
women's trainers are absent.

“I‘m shaken by the thought of be-
ing stuck at the pool.the only person
in the building able to help
someone."

Gym Director Alfred Werner

 

 

     

   

359%

m3» 

 

An Absentee ballot application.

Emergency  

 

 

 
 

 

 
 
 

MM

Five Quad Volunteer Ambulance omelala said that the gym “is a high risk In."

questions the practicality of schemes
to improve the gym‘s medical
facilities. He says the maintenance
cost of better equipment and the ex-
pense of adding personnel would be
prohibitive.

Werner feels that improvements
are unnecessary. since the infirmary
and Five Quad are close by. and

since serious accidents very rarely
occur. Five Quad's Bob Connors
said. “only I out of 15,000 people in
New York State know CPR." said
Bob Connors of Five Quad.

He reﬂected a sentiment that most
of those questioned shared: People
in general need to familiarize
themselves with treatment techni»

ques.

Holzberg estimated there were 30-
35 people gathered around Deutsch
when he arrived at the scene.

Fear and Ignorance

“They just watched." said
Holzberg. “out of fear or more
probably out of ignorance of ﬁrst
aid."

NYPIRG Probes Absentee Ballot

by Thomas Martello

Registration requirements and ad-
ministrative problems threaten to
prevent a number of SUNYA
students from being eligible to vote
in the upcoming election.

Twenty students have been denied
voter registration because various
boards of elections have refused to
register them at any address other
than their parents'. NYPIRG will
ask that the students be allowod to
register somewhere else because they
were informed of their ineligibility
after the deadline for voter registra-
tion.

“The laws are unclear." said N Y P-

IRG lawyer I’aul Hudson. “If the

students were denied registration.
they should haVe been notified
before the deadline and they should
be able to rc—register."

Last Thursday. two students were
declared eligible to vote by the
Albany County Board of Elections
through the efforts of NYI’IRG
lawyers. Both students permanently

 

 

SA Election Results

 

 

Alumni Quad
lletructt Dressler
Roniclle Isuucs

Colonial Quad
Michael Hctclikop

CENTRAL COUNCIL

commuters

Jim Aronoff
Peter Axelrod
Arthur Bedford
Robyn Perchiek
Howard Stoaker

Dutch Quad
The election has been contested.
There are no official results.

Indian Quad
Debbie Ras kin

State Quad
Vaughan Toney

 

 

 

 

 

UNIVERSITY SENATE
Beth Susan Kuhn

LI,

 

CLASS OF 1917 VICE-PRES.
Nick Zubulakc

SASU DELEGATE
Jonathan Levenson

 

 

 

 

OCTOBER 12, 1970

reside in this county and had been
denied registration under the parent
residency requirement. Another
similar case will be discussed with
the Board of Elections tomorrow.

In a statewide campaign. NYP-
IRG officials reported over 100,000
students signed up for voter registra-
tion. That. howover. does not mean

that the students have been
registered to vote.
Processing Problems

NYPIRG ofﬁcials said that ad-
ministrative problems have caused
several students to be denied
registration. Some boards of elec-
tion have had problems processing
voter forms. Others have not mailed
voter registration forms.

"In principle, there should be no
problems processing forms. but ad—
ministration problems are very
possible," said Hudson. “The boards
that have refused to send the forms
are in violation ofthe law and there

taken." channels which can be

Deadline Set
Humanities

by Dave Hamilton

The committee charged with the
task of ﬁnding a new Humanities
dean began its search in a meeting
early last Week. The committee
hopes to find ti suitable replacement
for departing dealt. Ruth Schmidt.
by the end of the semester.

The twelve-member committee.
which was created by SUNYA Presi-
dent Emmett Fields. is seeking to
prevent what Fields has termed a
“leadership vacuum."

"Basically. we've just begun,“ said
Committee Chairman James
Symons. “I know we're undera strict
time deadline but we must proceed in
an orderly fashion."

To date, the committee has com-
plied with university procedures and
has submitted its request to conduct
the search for the new dean with the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

month's voter registration drive
should have received a card declar-
ing them eligible. Those who have
not received this card are urged to
notify their local election board by
NYPIRG,

By the end of this week. students
who also ﬁlled out an absentee ballot
form should receive an application
for that form. This is the second of a
three part system for absentee
ballots. The application form must
be filled out completely and sent to
the students' local election board
prior to October 25.

The next phase will be the sending
of the actual absentee ballot to the
students. On this ballot. the votes are
cast and sent back before Election
Day.

Students who do not receive an
application for absentee ballot are
once again urged to get intouch with
their local election board. Ifthey do
not get satisfaction there, then the
students can contact NYPIRG for
assistance.

For New
Dean Search

Personnel Office.

“Right now we have sent out
vacancy notices to the retrenched ud-
ministrutors and teachers
throughout the SUNY system," ex-
plained Symons. “After we recieve
and process all qualified
applications. we can then proceed
from there."

November Deadline

According to Symons. November
IS has been set as the deadline date
for all applications and interviews
will begin soon there after.

Though Fields has stressed the
urgency of the group‘s task. Symons
is uncertain whether a suitable
replacement will be found before the
semester‘s end.

"I can't promise that we‘ll have
some one by the end of this
semester," said Symons. “We'll try."

not: 

31h

   
    
  
 
 
 

 

u.» ~» ~ -~.-..
1 3 -","'t“§‘""£,fg !

 'rf'e"

 

:Ef-g w‘o'j' v

,9.

’8’

 

 

