   
         

_ , the growth
I . statefundededucation. The
_ of network of, community

  

  

  

 
    
    

 
 

_
.
t
t
l

~wn~va __ .. a

 


at Perimeter Rd.

Sunday, Sept. 19th
at 1:30 p.m.

Al rm;

has relrohuale l2 basalts that]!!! rule

Live Chassidic music
Sat. night & Sun. at

Kosher Plan It Folotal
483 Washington Ave. '

Every Sunday, Mondayl’l Tuesday

A Fault Questioned it) stagger +he imaginationﬁturﬁnaépim our famous

Antipasto Mar and tamed by heart _ printers or 5? nantylm.

‘ LASAGNAMEATBAUSﬁAUSAﬁEmd RE. And blue it amen Icy
mug o: BEER,wa or WINE,cIomothev beVemqe.

SCHlLDREN 1.75 mm .0

served Sunday I2 Noon to “PM - Mendoy amt-day amt. um

i? talk 
’ Weatsvn Av. at Fuller Rd.

 

 

 

 

 

   

 or CAMPUS
STUDENTS

IDA Y NIGHT
SPECIAL

. Sept. 17
3 pm - 7 pm.
in Off Campus

Student Lounge

Entertainment, Beer

 

 

 

and Munchies

For the first time in recent memory an on-campus
party for commuter and off-campus students.

 

 

 

all

 

.plltqlon” in the '60s to indicate the.impor-
tsnce we placed upon education; the present
decade has given us a new wayto judge educa-
tion. The days of “growth and expansion"
have yielded to those of austerity and budget
cutbacks. Now, we must admit that human
and financial resources, once abundant. are

, now scarce and.limited.,

The mission statement recently released by

i  President Emmett B. Fields addresses the

problem of allocating the resources available
to us. I feel that it makes sense to provide 3

~ direction and focus for this university. This

academic institution must set a list of realistic
priorities as to what we should strive to
achieve. .

Now that the “growth and expansion"
period is over. we are by no means headed
back to the Middle Ages. We have become
more efficient, streamline and critically
assessive of the quality of all our academic
programs. The time has come to realize that it
isn't how much, money we spend on higher

education. but how eﬂectively we utilize our
limited resources. .

The present tone of education is different
from that of the 60s, but our basic goal should
remain the same. That goal is to provide a
quality academic education for as many peo-
ple as possible, at a cost they can afford. We
are receiving less ﬁnancialresources but. we
should not expect nor mandate the college
students of this state to pay more to receive a
public college education. The gap between
private and public education should not be
narrowed. What weshould be doing is critical-
ly evaluating each academic institution in the
SlJNY system. We should question each in-
stitution's effectiveness. academic quality.
cost. enrollment patterns. and efﬁciency
before reaching ﬁnal decision.

In retrospect. perhaps during the 60's we ex-
panded without regard to necessity. Now. in-
stead of a moratorium on construction. the
even further. By eliminating the unnecessary.
we can maintain the excellence ofthe remain-
ing institutions. I rcalizethis is easier said than
done. Afterall. what representative could
possibly support the elimination ofa college in
time has come for us to decide upon weeding
out some ofthe unnecessary institutions inthe
SUNY system. Therefore. a sufficient number
of dollars could be saved without asking each
college and university to tighten their belts

    

Right

      
   

Run over to your typewriter.
Pound out a. letter to the ASP.
Make yourself heard.

Now.

 The  Beginning.of..

his or herdstriet.‘ :  ‘ J
Websteviatchedthelsislsti' vs ‘ .
Illle play political footde mammals (
suuvusooaﬁntnnmmwmm f
severe W cm. the leisluraew ‘ I it

 
  
  
   
 

 

mm! '0 Provide us witha apprehend ' I L

   
   
    

appropriation far pester than nee“ to.‘

  
   
    
    
  

restorethe Italian Studies Program. Program's? .

of higher quality and more need were notevenr
considered. The legislature unﬁt to restore
the Italian Studies Proyam because of its
political ramiﬁcation, how will it react when

   

toimpairthe'aeadelnic‘qualityweshouldeoti- ' _

tinue to promote.

 

SeniOr Sentiments 

 .......... ~ -
by Cary Scott Goldinger

The mere fact that one has ﬁnished his three
years at this, or any other university. com-
pleting successfully the freshman. sophomore.
(pronounced soph-“O'l-more) and junior
aspects of the cycle (not‘ necessarily in that
order). does not automatically qualify one to
be a “true” member of that wonderful group of
kids known as Seniors. A certain degree of
savoir fairc. a continuing charismatic ex-
cellence. a something special that surrounds
you, and recognition as you pass are also
necessary. Those blessed with these charms in
the movies. always appear accompanied by
music they play to inform you that someone
"cool" has entered. But. in real life (da dal).
you can never hear the music. so you learn
how to improvise. It would be much easier if
everyone had a four piece band following
them around playing music to tell them what
was necessary in every situation.

Originally. this article was going to be about
the sex lives of us seniors. but that would have
been as long as the “Quote of the Day“, so I'll
concentrate on the ﬁner points of being a
"cool" senior at Albany.

In the ﬁrst place. living inthcdorms(yuchl)

 

is out. Off-eampus living isvery'deﬁrutel'ythe
“in” thing to do as a series. It doesn't matter ‘

whom you live with. or whether or not youcsn
cook. All that really matters is that you live
within walking distance of a local pub and that.
you are capable of installing you own phones.

After all. we can go for days without food, but I

we couldn‘t posriblyexist without telephones.
A necessary ingredient in the off-campus

life style is the ability to invite friends over to,

your humble abode. with the promise of a tru-
ly delicious meal. somethingthat will tantalize
their taste buds. Thetrick is: always invite peo-
ple over so you never have to wash the dishes.
After all. you friends feel a certain obligation
to you for having them over for dinner in the
first place. and are more than glad to take on
the huge stack of pots. pans and dishes that
have been piling up for the past few weeks.
After some practice. us off-campus people can
go for months without ever having to wash a
single. solitary dish. ::
If you‘ve been having trouble following
some of the helpful tips I‘ve mentioned. don't
admit it. because you see. to do so is to admit

 

 

Indian Quad
Dutch Quad

 

 

ii:

SEPTEMBER 17, 1976

Alumni Quad

 

 a

A“.

2 Colonial Quad
1 State Quad
1 Commuters

You can only represent the quad on which you live.

University Senate:

1 Commuter seat is open-

1 SASU Student Assembly Delegate: _

I
I

Mia [08

1'
Student Association Elections are open

from now until 4pm Tues. Sept. 21.
Self-nomination forms for the following positions
are available in the SA office, CC 346:

Central Comm. 1" Seats Seats : Vice-President of Class of 197 7:

i> You must be a dues-paying member of the

It Class of 1977.
it»
it

"’ Who ’8 Who:
at»

* Any senior or second semester junior-is eligible
to run for Who’s Who.

that you're not with it. ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

SA Elections will be held the week of Sept. 27. See later c

Any full member of the Student Association is eligible for
nomination to this position.

For more information about nominations or the election contact Michael Lissner.
Election Commissioner Phone 457-8985.

ditions of the ASP for dates. times and polling places.

._.uBANY STUDENT PRESS

,mpas-aapmu’qu

FAG!!!" , N

 

