- .1; a... )W

"t
L

 

 

 

 

W _
There are several ways to go about finding
some direction for yottr career. Volunteer ex-

' periences are ideal for gaining insight into

your potential for success ina particular field.
Other valuable sources of information include
people already in these professions. Whom
should you contact to discuss your plans and
how can you reach these people?

The Hudson-Mohawk Association of
Colleges and Universities publishes the People
Raouree Bank, which is available in the
Placement Service Library (AD US). This is a
directory of over 200 men and women in the
Capital District who are willing to advise
college students in their ﬁelds—what they do
on thejob. what volunteer or educational ex-
periences are useful, what courses are most
relevant, etc. These people range from accoun-

A Sense of Togetherness

by Dan Gaines

There is a sense of togetherness on the
podium these days. as people gather together
outside buildings which are being searched for
bombs. or burnt by fire.

There is a sense of security amongthe facul-
ty. since they can go about their business
assured that less than ten per cent of the
tenured professors are in danger of losing their
jobs. .

There is a sense of continuity on the Univer—
sity Senate, where onlythc student third of the
representation is unsure whether or not it will
be allowed to sit on the body next year.

This university is great! Somany people and
campus insititutions are generous. considerate
and busy doing the right things at the right
times for the right friends. It‘s beautiful. Some
examples: _

The university knows how hard some peo-
ple work. For class presidents. the load is es-
pecially large. So, they‘ve set up a system
whereby class presidents can embezzle a little
on the side. In the past, such systems
have worked nicely for a Campus
Center administrator and an accountant
at UAS (then FSA). These are clear in-

C'a'reer Counseling

tents to attorneys, from caseworkers to city
clerks. from ﬁreﬁghters to physicians. Many
of the participants will meet with students at
work or at home, others will talk over the
phone. If you need help with your career
plans. the People Resgurce Book will be of
help.

For students of Accounting. is Senior Per-
sonnel Administrator with New York State
Audit and Control will, be on campus today,
November l2th. He will give two hour-long
presentations, at 12 noon and 2 pm. (both in
LC 19), concerning procedures to follow in
applying for positions with the Agency. Any
student who will have at least 24 credits in ac-
counting by graduation is invited to attend;
masters candidates are equally welcome.

dications of this school‘s generous spirit.

The good will doesn't stop there. The cam-
pus is happy with its president, because he
doesn‘t say things people underst—-
that is, he doesn't say anything to
hurt anyone. Try this quote: “Our value lies
in detached, accurate assessment reaching
back into classical notions of the body
politic.“ Isn't that a fair explanation of public
policy?

Some professors want to protect our liberal
education! They want to encourage students
(by forcing thetq) to take courses
that the students dislike for the
students‘ own good! Language
professors are hard at work explaining the
value of language in a liberal education. Same
pattern with other departments. But it's
heartening to know that their arguments have
nothing to do with the fact that low student
enrollments may mean cuts in those
departments.

Everyone inthe university is participatingin
the revival of spirit. lra Devoe of the plant
department tried to knock some sense into
irresponsible students by forcing them to get
into their beds by 2:30 am. In these times of

i‘FEIFFER‘r

 

 

    

 

 

refused coverage

To the Editor:

If you read the ASP, you should have been
told about a campus meeting held on Oct.
29th, which drew ISO-200 people. Lecture
Center 23 was filled with people whohad come
to hear Peter Camejo, U.S. Presidential can-
didate of the Socialist Workers Party. There
was a good deal of laughter at the meeting.
Camejo is an excellent speaker. and gets a
good response from the audience as he pokes
fun at the irrationalities of asystem which puts
private profits over human needs. There was
also frequent clapping as he explained where
socialists stand on issues such as abortion
rights. busing for desegregation. unemploy-
ment and the war budget. People at the
meeting responded by contributing over $l30
to the campaign. and buying quite a bit of

 

 

L socialist literature.

financial pressure. it‘s hearteningto know that
a few rape-prone students had to put up a real
light before the university would waste tens of
dollars in electricity.

The University of Houston has shared parts
of their mission with us. Many sections ofthc
two mission studies are identical. How‘s that
for partnership? Cooperation is the key for
success in the mysterious world ofeducation
together.

Student Association's CentmlﬂCouncil ha
been endingtheir weekly meetings twice asf
as they did last year. And not onlythat, butt e
SA President has fewer bills to sign, freeing
him for more relevant things.

Most importantly, the campus has a sense
of purpose. The various governance bodies
feel they have n say in the university's future.
The school president stays on the sidelines
while the campus community determines the
future. in a more general sense, the state of
New York itself has permitted the university to
do as it pleases. andthecntire State University
system is secure with the knowledge that New
York‘s financial woes will not in any way
affect them. .

Now/or the but] nettu‘.’

What did the A SPsay about this important
event? Nothing . . . not a word. Organizers
of the meeting (members of the YOung
Socialist Alliance, a recognized student
group) were told after the meeting that no
story about the meeting would be printed in
the ASP. It was Considered “too latc‘ﬁ—it
would be printed in an issue after the election.
The “Catch-22" in this reasoning is that we
had been refused coverage before the meeting
also. While the ASP finds plenty oftitnc and
space for Democratic and Republican
politicians—before and after the elections 7‘ it
has no space for Socialist candidates. M in
the Young Socialist Alliance protest this one-
sided coverage. Candidates with whom the
ASP disagrees have a right to hL' heard
especially when a sizable and enthusiastic
audience comes to a campus met-ting to hettr
them. We call upon the ASP to illlu‘ hcttcr
balanced coverage in the future.

Camejo was not speaking on ln\llt'\ tllttt dis-
appear after the election. Along unh thc mi
of his party. he will be lighting [or abortion
rights and the E.R.A.. desegregation .tgttitnt
cutbacks in education. against Hit and (‘l‘\
repression. and a great many other \ltllgglcv
To say that it is "too late" to report on a
speaker dealing with such topics lit-cause tht~
election is over. makes little sense. unlm _\tul
are trying to block out the tit-“point tll lht‘
speaker.

SUNYA Young Soctttitst ‘\iiltlllL'L‘

contest contusion

To the Editor:

As interested students and participnntx In
' '4 P ctiatest for the trip to the
mas. we have felt some dissatisfaction
with the contest rules (or lack ol thc stunt).
Aware that the contest is to stimulate student
patronage of the advertisers. \tc hate lound
that students are taking advantage til these
businesses by requesting unreasonable
amounts ofcntry blanks stain pcd. We are con-
cerned with advertiser and comuiumti ill-
titudcs toward SUNYA students It some
students take advantage of a contest such as
this, it is a reflection on the student communi-
ty as a whole. We suggest that the I'llle ttl‘t.‘
more clearly defined to students and ltdwf'

 
 

 

 

w

 

BUTECAUSC
OF Howe-5
I WA‘SUT
BOtHE

AT ALL.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
     
 

  

 

 

Eli: Arts 8: lectures magazine of the Alhanp Stuttrnt Ire-s Kandahar t2 ’. 157E '

   

 

Sudden Realization Of A Nightmare

ct. JJt a I.

all! 

The Arrested

ttt1‘JO..

Son In ‘The Clockmaker’

 

' m w...“
.m. hum-mums W

. aﬁtﬂt’ﬁ"

 

See
Page 5A

   

     
   
      
       
       
    
    
    
    
    
   
    
    
     
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
 
  
 
   
  
 
   
 
  
    
   
   

"(wry .-':- u '7‘ rm.

(«'12:

"ﬁgWu'diqrv‘st

  

