 
 
     
   
     

 

        
 
  
  
  

’ -.- lessor o! Fltiiii num‘ athlete You-l: university

   

 .. f  ‘V 1.. - ' A  f"?- for sews-rem" mm rr‘mN
’ ' 12 noon -4 aria. The Doctor

A minim.- ul'the inugnlﬂcenl and the maudlinz stunning art direction tAnIon
(hull and piclmiul \nluu. neat scripting. But a luscinallngﬁlm. and Mlchael
t‘urm‘ inml (irrmunlc Iilruin Winners. wan lllcbard Barthelmeu. Marian

role intended for Karloff. .

1:30 - Jim-v ‘l'lao Gent
l-‘ml. ippy. breezy. and cynical comedy. wllh James Cagney and Bert: Unis
' striking purh Int inure than they did In their later. bigger hul unlunmerﬂhe
llridt- (‘nme till)". Directed ul lighlnlng pace by Michael Curtu.

3:00 - Lady 0: A Train

A minor. almost totally nnnpprecialed classic. Fllm moir. Hitchcock-homage.
comedy and Deanna Durhin tehiele all in one: a manelluusly entry and
‘ ulrnmpln‘rle roincdy-Ihriller. \lilll lusch production mounling; apart trom

limhin. Ralph ltellumy. (tenure ('Irltmris. Don Duryea.

4:30 - Quick Millions

lln' lml nl uni} llrrce motics nrillcn and directed by Rowland Brimnnlnndd.
|ll|tl|'l|1li|}ﬂl. nlmmt Ciltll‘dl loot Hi the gangster world; nilh Spencer 1 rueyand
(icuryc llull.

5:40 - Kennel Harder Coco

"Ii". in today‘s unollicinl Michael Curli/ lirxlivul and a gem: masterpiece.
lest at All the unlined "prluilc delcciiic" myslt‘rics - before they became priune
am. last. emmincntly cinematic. u mttut‘ mystery that slich slot: to ilv source
I Ihne. plays (air uilh the audience. and dim so in whollylilmie
I Punt-II at his best in l'hilo Vance. Mary Aunr and a whale
cd herring). nuudcr \ierinn- :indnrcnuneuur master klller!

 

   

 

  
  

 

  

  
  
  
   

 

        

  ,V  

 

   

is now on
at the
Bookstore

thru May 28, ’76

  
   

Innin- ttl sllspu ..

1:00 - For Heaven's Salsa

An hunt «I \nlrd. nun~~lnp laugln and nnuglmuhc gags: inicuf Harold Lloyd‘s
mullet huI lil\lL‘\l and [Iranian \Ilrnh

8:15 - Fog Over Frisco

med deliberately artiliuiul speed by
- l tllllltllfulfJflllllddflc.)\Hlllld
ci Ililm as: pirceul Ilunlerly
‘\'|III\IIIIL‘I\'ll l l med: it's Him a \Ilik. mappy.
dyunnuc Illlilli‘r. lull in lung .n"llre Ilig Sleep" hm Iuiueas complicated! With
llnnnlil \Vuuds. llcllc Duns. Marginal lilltl\il_\.

~ 9:40 - Ghost Breakers

\iml \ulprlwl \ur mil) .mextcllcm t‘lllllt'tll. hut in grunt hunur Iilnumi. \ulll
lmtli semi-m. amt-mu whim ht din-clot (icurgi: mutual. hilt‘kctl in
rIIllxl.|l|dlnp emit-intuit .uutnuduuumn. l.t~ll) Huh Ilirpu's hm [\IL'lIIrt'tL'u‘II
lur unrellnpc tluuin‘sl. ntlll l'nnlellc (littltidlll. |'.iul l "his. Anthony Quinn.
Kltlmlll hilllulll.‘IIIIJ.|II\C[1-|lill‘lit' lltllll llth imtl ul ltlllt. Vrrhlu .luluhun.

Sunday, April 25

Lecture Center 18
[Ame WRSITYATALDMY

 
  

 

 

 

funded by an

 

(during normal Bookstore hours)

 

   
 

    
     
   
  

 

The Senior  Junior Class and Freshman Class

Announce another fabulous...

PAR TY!

Featuring the Rock Sounds of...

Suntour

and Fat Freddie of WFFB—FM

Saturday April 24
9:00 PM- 1:00 AM
CC Ballroom

ADMISSION: $.75 for class of 1976, 1977, and 1979
$1.25 for all others

Proof required NOT FUNDED BY STUDENT ASSOCIATION

 

 

 

 

hunger is uncomfor.
edhecouidse satisﬁed.
~Affet‘ at w'weeks'He “ould see.

And he saw. v  .

 

“ground that certain actions brought forth

satisfaction. v I .
He learned how to satisfy his desire of sleep;

His need for attention;
His need for love;

His love of laughter;
Hid curiosity.

He found crying was an effective measure. if
not overused.

     
  
 

He learned. And his ego developed.

  

He grew up and He learned. He has his own
room. and He treasured it. It was a place to

retreat to.
And sometimes retreat was necessary.

        
   
    
 
     
       
 
 

He was edueated.

    
  

There was his locker. and each other student
had his own locker. He learned to understand
the division between his and theirs.

  
  

He liked reading. and He liked books.
He liked eating after school.

He liked toys.

He liked to own things.

And so He learned he needed money.

     
      
     
   
    
    
    
     
    
   
    
  
 

He found that if he left his money on his desk.
or on a shelf at school, somewhere he could
easily ﬁnd it again, it was gone when He came
back.
And then it wasn‘t his anymore.
He was told that he will not get what he wants.
and that he will not be comfortable if he
handles his money poorly.
He learned.
And his ego developed.
He watched.
He saw that when things Were bad, his
parents might sell somejewelry but never

    
 
    
    
    
    
     
     
 
  

 

the bands on their ﬁngers. They were displeas-
ed when Helost a mitten, but not when He lost
one of his toys. He got extra praise when he
went to a religious service. but it was expected
He go to school.

He found that satisfaction came with a reward
for an accomplishment, or in comfort. So He
worked for satisfaction.

In college he started to think more of
relationships and friendships. He had plenty
of sex.
He failed to find anyone rewarding—No one
seemed up to His level.
So He couldn‘t form good friendships.

But he found that he didn‘t notice, because he
had a growing drive taking up more and more
of his time. He was satisfying desires.

desires that grew beyond those of his fellow

   

men.

The drive increased. Differed challenges were
presentin themselves at an ever increasing
rate, but the ego absorbed them at an even
faster rate.

There were many challenges, but one
d him: “Are there others
with equal desires and an equal. or better
capacity to satidfy them?“

And. if so. He wondered whether he should
ﬁnd them.

speciﬁcally plague

His curiousity was strong and he realized the
exciting challenge these others would present.
So he demanded of his ego:

“Ego! l hunger for more people like myself!"
And his ego compled. He found some people.
and a few seemed as strong as him. So He tried
to become stronger.

“ Ego. I desire superiority.“

And He became stronger than they.

Finally. He entered the real world. And He
pursued his goal. And He pursued that goal
quite well. Very well. He gained reward,
received respect. achieved comfort. and made

money. He was increasingly satisfied.

Materially. He could get whatever He wanted.
Socially, to his disgust. He could also get

whatever he wanted.

He was rich. And his ego developed.

liis ego was strong. ll satisfied all his desires.

And He realized he could become stronger
than them all.

He tried to create more desires for his ego to

satisfy.

“ Ego,l want more fun. maresex, and mareex-
pcriences!"
And He got them.

He demanded respect. He demanded to feel

things. Another day if

    
      
    
  
   
   
  
    
   
 
  
 
  

“I want to be ntisﬁedJ wantto u _
existence. And. He insisted. I want to u 7

tand inﬁnity." ‘

But soon He realized that his ego had not '. ' ’

responded. -
complete satisfaction.”

But his ego refused again.

And his ego replied:
But He interrupted:

“Egol'I V He was furious.

barre been able' to handle all the demands 1
have made of ydu. Now I give you just one
more. You are to satisfy this demand. Bring

me complete satisfaction."

Complete Satisfaction!

tion.

“This must be reached," said the ego.
And Complete Satisfaction was reached.

good, He demanded many things. And his

hungers were satisﬁed.

But the ego was no more.

Hit ego was be, .etful. it g V

“Ego”. He again commanded. “I want

“Ego!” His ego had always reacted before. “I ,
demand complete satisfaction. I require it.”

“There is a contradiction here—“

The ego could hesitate no longer. Complete
satisfaction had to be provided.
And not'hing had ever stopped the Ego.

As Ego approached complete satisfaction,
resources never used before were needed. Ef-
fort and Power beyond those ever needed in
the past workedto gain complete satisfaction.

Finally. Ego saw it could consummate it. . .

Ego began to reach out. but it felt itself slip-
ping. Yet it could obtain complete satisfac-

“You know you

 

 

 

      
    
    
    
   
    
     
   
 
    
   
    
       
           
        
       

Ticket includes Bus,
Entrance to Clubhouse,
Buffet Dinner, and

Program

 

 

The University at Albany Ha

presents

The 3rd Annual Clubhouse
Dinner

at Saratoga Harness Track

May 1, 1976.

 Tickets go on sale to members
 Sunday April 25
at the club meeting in CC 4 at 7:30 pm.

Tickets go on sale to others in
SA. Contact Office Monday April 26.

Dresses

No leans

mess Racing“ Club 3

A limited number of tickets are are available;

Tickets are: 6.50 to members w/tax
7.00 to non—mem
8.00 w/ out tax

Men: Shirts and Ties

Women: Pantsuits or

bers w/tax3

nests

 

  

i0

 

 

Nome

Interests

Want to get involved?

All those interested in playing a major role

in the planning of

Telethon '77

. are requested to fill out the application.

 

Address 8: Phone f

 

 

 

 

 

 

Pleose deliver vio on-compus mail

Susan Stote Quad Box 1795
Mitch State Quad Box 1883

Applications are due no later than

Friday 4/30/76

 

 

 

J

 

  

APRIL 23, 1976

 

For info call _Dave _or Hruce;_7-7747

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

nae

PAGE 7A

 
 
 
  

 
 
    

     
     
   
 
 
    
      
 
 
 

mile-w:

    

