 

 

 

 

 

 

   

. t r Dy JERRY MIKORENDA
'7 He often wished he could spare himself
ram laying in the, darkness before falling
_ peep. it would be so much easier to turn
be light off and remember notlting from'
 he night before. But always he would lie
 on his side staring at the wall through his
1. eye lids, when a hot numbness would start
:fgto‘ grow down his arm, causing ripples of
i color to explode in ltis mind. Orat least in
* what he conceived to be his mind; the
narrow dark area in front of his eyes that
reached out in to the world like a convex

‘ mirror, and painted images of his desires
that would splash out at him unexpected-
ly.

. The mind, he used to tell his students,
was a terrible thing to waste. At one time
he would have considered it the only mor-
tal sin' to blemish his accurate and precise

,life. The only thing that after all these
years might too sit here in the dark with
him, and utter faint absurdities at his.
nakedness. How foolish he felt at times,
dozing off for a few unbroken moments
of sleep, waking again by the feel of leg
hairs bristling against sheets, his body
pressing on the mattress every movement
a sensation, an arousal, an argument
against sleep. Yet he felt foolish finding
himself naked, a foolishness he hadn't felt
since he ﬁrst slept with Joan Clarkson his
freshman year at Northwestern. She in-
sisted on undressing him with the lights
on.

. (Why are you ashamed?

I‘m not ashamed. just feel stupid.

You don't look stupid.

Don‘t know what to do with
myself . . . (no pockets).

They stayed in her room naked the next
morning studying for midterms. A year
later they were married.

He closed his eyes and hoped that
folding into the darkness would put some
distance between those years that time
had eroded away. But hope was never
more to him than a sighed breath, that his
heart released in a quick-paced flutter.
Likethe return of an old grey face, the dis-
tanc lights of a lost car wanders down and
casts its shadow across the room.

The numbness grew into a slow
paralysis, dividing his body into dis-

. tinguishable parts: parts which only had
signiﬁcance with the higher fears in his
mind. He wished that somehow he could
cramp all his existence into a small reserv-
ed space in his brain, and cut the smooth
silk line anchoring his mind to his brain.

Setting it adrift to loom in the darkness,

to travel perhaps some distance with his

fears; allowing morning to arrive in a

crest of swollen blue, skating off black

shingled rooftops, and white aluminum-
sided houses in the valley below. With the
cool sweet scent of October, like air yaw-
ning through damp pressed leaves,
wandering into the room, a little boy
looking for his lost shoe, searching all the
unknown, and lesser known places of the
room, comingto rest on his bedside, tugg-

ing lightly at his sheets. Drawing him, im-

perturbably from his sleep.

Instead his eyes burned red at three-
tltirty in the morrting, burned red like the
hot neon ﬂowing through the Reingold
sign in Duggain's Bar window. Flashing
insensantly, bringing forth the ever

 

kultickening pace of iris heart to the point

PAGE 0A

  grew into "a slow

rtrsrrlllrtltrhrm'

 

runny.“ rim

” paralysis, dividing his body“. . .”

where he believed that at this late hour he
must take the responsibility of God on to
himself. He rose from bed and walked
where he believed the window was. There
he felt the oblique smoothness of drape
that he grabbed much the way he would
one of Leni's dresses. The hems he told
himself are much the same. He softly
pulled the curtain open until a slight tear
of light from the street lamps below could
seep in. The small colonial window panes
were frosted with swirling clusters of ice,
sending a translucent glow screaching
across the room; to fall crystaline on
Leni‘s figure melted under the sheets.

He could not see the familiar sights of
the small town shops; Seneca Drugs,
Deboro‘s Pizza, the Security Bank of
Altoona, and McPhail Law Offices. He
knew that soon there would be ofﬁce
space for rent when the bank moved to its
new building. His own room hovered
over the bakery, most of the townspeople
wondered why a teacher of his standing
rented in the downtown area, when he
could easily afford one of the new Garden
Apartments. But he loved it here, he loved
the smell of fresh bread rising up on
Saturday mornings, and seeing
truckloads of sweaty boys stopping after
a summer's ever baseball game, to sit un-
der longshadows and sip Cokes. He loved
walkingthrough town early Sunday mor-
nings; before the stately procession of
Sunday autos, like the ships of Tarsus
bound for brick steepled isles, would
come, their passengers with their heads
packed in cotton. Living as if they were
aspirin bottles.

He put his blessing on all the things he
loved, all the small images his mind could
summon from this neat curve of darkness.
He let his grace descend at four o‘clock.
upon any eddies of light which pierces his
room, allowing him once again for a mo-
ment to be connected, if only through
outstretched fingertips, with the rest of
humanity.

The hours of sleeplessness were driving
into his consciousness likehot nails into
dry wood, splintering off into frozen
currents of his past. images of his youth
without apparent warning drift by and
capture him in a frenzy. He found himself
caught up in the tension of events as if
they were yet to occur. For reasons still
unclear to him images of his ﬁrst day of
teaching came forth. A cold Monday in
November he was to substitute for Mrs.
Elenstein‘s tenth grade English class.
Notes were prepared, the material gone
over. Mrs. Elcnstein left vague scribbled
instructions “read pages 97-lll in text,
collect work." The class filed in late as,
though they sensed something was up;
ﬁrst ths girls shufﬂed in , their books
clasped tightly to their breasts, and those

that didn't have any held their books at
the same sheepish angles as if they did.
Small packs, and clumps of students
plowed into the room at the last seconds
before the bell. He sat at the desk wonder-
ing about how long his teaching career
would last and if he was dressed right. He
wore a new pair .of brown loafers and a
blue wool tie that Joan had knit for him,
along with a blue tweed jacket his parents
gave him for graduation, his good one
was at the cleaners, everything was so
rushed. A few football players in purple

waist jackets with white vinyl sleeves
walked in late, and sat in the back. He
ﬁnally rose, a sudden rumble of notebook
clapping and pens clickingcould be heard
across the room. They‘ll write down
everything i say, he said to himself , what
if I say the wrong things.

He felt naked in front of them, as a few
girls by the side wall began to giggle.
Things went shaky, he wished Joan were
there, she understood. He couldn't wait
till the day was over, and he could go
home and tell her of it, sink himself into
her, be nursed. As he went over to close
the door he spotted a boy with a green
plastic water pistol. The boy didn’t look
like the type that often cut up in class
perhaps he was trying to impress
someone. Hc want back to wherethe boy
was sitting, took the pistol from him, and -
for no apparent reason squirted the boy
several times in the face with it, everyone
laughed. A week later when he came
home from school, Joan was sitting at the
kitchen table sipping tea, and reading
Ladies Home Journal.

“I‘ve got a job“ he said bursting

rThe Note

By JONATHAN SILVERSTEIN

it was cold outside, and the wind kept
blowing damp hair onto his face. The
streets on which he walked were very
familiar to him, for they had known his
steady pacing before. The lantern in his
hand glowed dimly, fighting to pierce the
encroaching darkness, and failing.
Not that it mattered.
. . . He preferred not to see some ofthe
sights about him.

 

L

ALBANY summer-hm”. -

titre...” hart-slsiir

t'st'lt-‘Jlllll'illlLillily

 

in»... ..l

’ throirgh‘ithe kitchen door. Mrs. Elenstcin
‘is pregnant.” ,

it would all come together in his mind
and ﬁlter down onto Leni's figure acrosi
the room. He stood once more in front of
the curtains, and threw them completely
open. All at once a brilliant white glare hit
his eyes, as if his ears were hearing a hun.
dred symphonies from the front row. For
a few moments he could not see, and had
to put his arms up to guard to blinding
neon light from his eyes. The light bounc.
ed off the ﬂat of his stomach and formeda
ghostly reflection of the lower half ofa
man's body. The shite scar on the left side
of his chest shone magnificently as if it
were alive itself, an uncoiled serpent. He
looked downward at it squinting, even
now he wasn't sure how it got there. as
though one night while in a dream a giant
hand lifted him from bed and left it there
with one are of a compass. The brightness
of the light still hurt his eyes, |.cni stirred
across the room, he reached for the cur-
tains and pulled their heavy matcnnl clos-
ed again.

He watched Leni lay inertly in sleep.
hair across her face. innocent. Hc sal in
the chair below the window, a thin ilnt.‘ of
light peeping from underthc curtains cut
across his thighs. He looked at his body
for the first time in quite ll \tilliCZ the
bones in his feet. the shape of his knees; he
touched his arms the skin iOOSL‘ u here it
once was tight, elastic; his lillyih still
from lack ofcxercise, his penis. liltll solt
too. He wished Lcni would il\\ili\'t‘ and
take him now. breathe into him. Inllttlc
him with life. But she has morningclnsscs
tomorrow and would not \t‘unl lo hc
wakencd, as usual he would i'lll\L' to drop

“A memory, rising sleepin from an ag

hibernation, swirled ab t his head . . .’

Plodding past a half opened door, ht.‘
caught a sudden flash of light Not Ml
eager to dismiss it as a product ol his llll-
agination, he backtrackcd a felt steps.
The beckoning aperture iCith‘ti and en-
ticed until curiosity overcame apprehen-
sion. With only the slighlcsl illlll oi

hesitation his hand reached lor the
doorhandle.
The door had not been opened Ill il long

time and the loud protests oi the Iltsl)

 

 

 

mained‘in’ his heart, as he  up her
00! sweater-“which was-draped, like a
and animal over the arm of the chair. He
eld it to his nostrils and breathed in its
ixture of knitted ridges, shampooed
air, and the. faint fragrance-of dried
rspirationv that still lingered; sum-
oning forth her image into this
srkness, that ﬁumed up in torrents like
vern walls about him. Outside he im-
gined the dark outline of the trees, across
he room her nakedness obeying the
oonlight. Her long thread of spine cuts
wo deep halves of back muscle, that flow
n a powdered coarseness down her
highs, briefly interrupted by the fading
hits of a summer swimsuit.
As time passed he periodically closed
is dried lids, and believed he was back in
his mother’s house as a small boy. Those
umid summer nights when no one could
sleep, in their own darkness they lay in
bed trying not to think, believing that

. sleep would soon visit in the form of a
 cool breeze moving through open doors

and windows, dragging away the

7 tiredness fromtheir calves andthighs. Ex-
* naming the dark hugcness of the house,
I smoothingits many corners and longwin-
1’ ding hallways into one square definable
‘ room. which he was the center of. Time

had passed in relaxed innocence then, his
‘. mother and sister always drifting farther,
9' and farther away, like the passing clouds
of night. Time in its vengeance had grown
. into a hastening panic. whispering lies
3 even to his students. Luring them to a
 roadside with clever sophistry, gathering
 back all what was his. The anxious look
of twenty years of faces poured down on

  
  

“a,  .. «mam-4‘

-long

,-

.5,

w

I

I: ges stung the air. The small flame in
‘ lantern sent flickering shadows dan—
‘g crazin along the walls.

' sin. in the corner . . .

y e light.

' he approached the shimmering tinsel,
v pcrcicvcd that the sparkle was caused
a piece of polished metal reflecting the
w of his lantern. Clearing away the

tst and accumulated rubble, he realized

lat the metal was part of some instru-

 

 

him, and bathed his dry eyes. They
measured life in huge segments of four
years, always rushing to its next phase. as
if there would always be a next phase. It
was the long seconds before the end of
class, that snapped tension into their
young muscles, which he now used to
measure his life.

Doctors claimed the optimism of at
least two years, and maybe as long as six,
but he knew only a fool would count his
chances past several months. All at once
as though facing the thought brought
some clarity to his life, he saw himself
arriving at f orty-three, as a pentemento of
images, that he could never string
together in the proper connection.

: . " 1' ‘ ‘ ‘

   

 

mcnt. Four flattened pegs radiated from a
stafflikc protrusion. Fourstrings,each of
varying thicknesses were wound about
the pegs and stretched across the entire af-
fair. The shape of the main body was un-
usual indeed. Arcing gracefully on top
like a fat bottleneck, then curving inward
sharply, it nearly described a full circle
before repeating the original curve in
reverse. The pattern formed by the
device‘s perimeter was symmetrical. A
few taps on it conﬁrmed that it was
hollow.

Sil‘ting further, be discovered a long
stick across which stretched many fine
threads.

A memory, rising slccpily from an ages-
long hibernation, swirled about his head
and finally began to coalesce.

Looking about the room, he cspicd an
old, frail chair rotting in the corner. He
sat himself uponthcchair, which prompt-
ly filled the room with a cacophony of
angry objections. Hearing nothing but the
nervous silencc within himself, he lifted
the instrument to his chin.

Slowly, hs drew the bow across the an-
cient strings. A single, timid note crept
out from within the violin. The note
quiveer and trembled, echoed and re-
echocd about the room. The sound
lingered and departed, only to return
again, bouncing and flitting along the air
currents. It rose and fell with a life ofits
own.

The note rose higher and higher,
vibrating and reverberating within the
small enclosure. alternately isolating and
incorporating the man in its envelope.

Voices condensed from out of the grey
monotones and began to revel. ‘We are
back”, they cried. 'We have returned!‘
They sting of companionship and they
melted together.

The note, stronger now, climbed out of
the delicate openings of the violin. Coil-
ing about the man, it permeated his sub-
stance ttnd he joined in its forceful os-
cillations. The images solidified and
became more distinct. They filled the
world with warm, red life—throbbing,
glaring. blatant life. They marched beside

..,..

 

 

' Acarma’deaU-turninthestreetbeiow
cutting erratic shadows on thewslls; asit

pulled away he felt' himself mysteriously v

drawn to these stretching fingertips of

, passing light, drawn toward an unknown

destiny. Drawn back to his past. and to
his future, but leaving him in thedarkness

of his present, the lights disappeared.

down the road. He wondered if Joan was
sleeping now, if he made the right deci-
sion in leaving her. The last he heard from
her was when in the hospital he received a

religious card from her (put out by the‘

Methodist Church of Indiana) he read it
with hopes of ﬁnding some words of
reconciliation among the eggshell white
ords were

 

him and they stood before him. They were
silver, and the glided down the note,
slippery and shining.

Once more the bow slid across the
strings, and he remembered. Outside a
child tripped, fell, and began crying.
Hurriedly her mother rushed to her side
and blanketed her with gentle kisses and
soft reassurances. The sharp ding of a
bicycle bell bit the air. A hundred walk-
ing, running, skipping, jumping feet
pounded the pavements, merging into a
single, massive rumble.

Faintly, almost imperceptible, another
sound supplemented the symphony of
fellowship. A rhythmic patter, a steady
drip-drip wet the lloor. He was crying.

He could no longer hold the instrument
still. Sobs racked his body. His vision
clouded, and he gasped in tearful spasms.
The violin shook, and the note faltcred,
wavered, and finally ceased. Flug from
his grasp, the violin spun in the air and
buried itself in a pile of sterile dust. He
leaped at the door, swinging it open with
such ferocity that a hinge was torn from
the wall. The old, crippled door hung
from its one remaining hinge, creaking in
the stale breeze.

The man’s heart crashed against his
ribs and fully threatened to smash them.
His solitude was over, his brothers had

,..-.

 

 J‘dy“ x.

 

“l'llpray f ,,
He‘s tslk'

last six. inont
different if “icy, ’
sure ofit,  the don ‘ hey had
they were forms Idem” finishes
out.,The’ decisions both made throughle

were always the correct and ‘t'he'ri‘ght.
thing to do in the long run, only the.
divorce which they bungled through_‘_
marred their perfect record. Sitting quigt- _
ly in his chair, Joan sleeping quietly in her ,
parents home in Indiana, her prayers.
slowly winding their way through the"
clouds to God, for now he would just have .

to sleep.

   

to laugh himself
" ti .

 

   

returned from oblivion. How many times
had he told himself, fought with himself,
tried to convince himself they weren‘t all
gone? All the searching, looking, seeking
for someone - anyone - else. Finally the
resignation, the acceptance . . .

NO!

I WAS WRONG!

His arms were outstretched ina gesture of
complete welcome. He had cradled the
world between them. had kept it warm for
them. Now the vigilance was over. Hs
opened his eyes.

Thesun wasjust beginningto rise and it
sent rickety tendrils of light probing the
dry, cracked land. Before him sprawled
an empty, dead planet. Choking, arid
sand glowed a sickening red by the
arthritic rays of a sun grown old beyond
reckoning. Bits of worked stone, brick,
and metal which jutted haphazardly out
of the sands served as the sole indicators
that a race called Man had once owned
this world. Now these handiworks were
crumbling into powder, and the tired
wind blew hoarser and scattered it.

A drop of moisture that was not a tear
of joy rolled down the check of the last
man on earth.

He was crying.

Somewhere in the distance, the last

echoes of the note faded away.

 

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

PAGE .7 ‘

     
  

"s- ..'

    

       
   
 
  
  
  
  

 

 

 

‘, -. t,’

s
s
i
i

an M

s5

 

J

 a..“.<.rt.‘v£- g .49.; 6.. .- 4 ‘

