 

7Gri’ddcrs FaCe Plattsburgh
Danes Will Try To Even 3-4 Record,-
Ford Attempts To Get Offense Rolling

Dane detondcrs rip Into an opposing back. In the contest tomorrow.
Albany's dotonu wlli try to shut olI Plottlburgh's runnlng game.

 

A Piece of Pie

ﬂ

Big One For Booters

by Mike I'Iekarskl

Well. folks. It's showdown time once again. In case you don't know.
tomorrow‘s Albany-Brockport soccer game could mean the season for

Albany State.

“It‘s a do or die game." says Albany coach William Schieffclin. “A win
could put as second or third inthetournament.but alosscould put usout."
What tournament? The NCAA Division III Tournament. of course. THE

BIG ONE.

Let‘s set the stage. Brockport comes in tothe game having won their last six
in a row. "They had to win their last three, to even have a shot at the
tournament. and they did."cxplained Schieffelin. Defeating Binghamton I-0
in overtime; Geneseo. 3-2; and Niagara by a 2-l score; the Golden Eagles
remained in the running for the coveted post-season bid.

“They're clutch; they're a good team under pressure." praised Schieffelin.
“They’ve been in the NCAA's the past two years and won it two years ago.:‘

Albany. after a very slow start. has come on like gangbusters. Dropping
their ﬁrst two contests by shutouts. the Booters have rebounded to win eight
out of their last nine—including their last six games in a row.

Brockport has a record of 9-3-1 while Albany stands at 8-3-1. Cortland.
with a I0-2 slate, and New Jersey. at 7-2. appear almost locks for the first two
spots of the four-team tourney. Battling for the ﬁnal twospots are Brockport.
Albany. St. Lawrence (I2-l-l). and Binghamton (9-5). St. Lawrence, it

should be noted. has played a mac

h “easier” schedule than the other

candidates. However. it would be difficult to disregard their success.
What it all means. is that Albany must win or. possibly. tie. to have any real
chance at the NCAA bid. “We have something to prove." says Sehieffelin.

“We‘re going to be out there to win."

The game is to be played here. tomorrow. at I pm. But there is a slight
problem: the ﬁeld. “The ﬁeld is absolutely terrible." says Schicffelin. “And

we’ll have to play on it."

Schieffelin is hoping fora bigturnout. however. “I thinkthe supportwc get
from the student body is really going to help us. I hope they‘re there."

So. get set for the showdown. Both teams are good. coming off long
winning streaks. and both are hungry. As Schieffelin observed. “There's a lot

of pride at stake.”

And quite a large game. too. For both teams. the season comes down to
this one game. I think the fans should come down to it. too.

Goalie Problems Plagued

JV Booters’

by Brian Orol

It is a fall afternoon. The 1-7
Albany State Junior Varsity soccer
team is at West Point. challenging a
501 Army soccer club. New I’up
goalie Pete Ciocio is in the net. Ten
minutes remain andthc score is West
Point 5-3 over State. The Pups add
two goals and send the game into
overtime. where Jean DuVal con-
nects to lift the Pups to a 6-5 vic
lory. Coach Stuart Shalat felt the
key to the West Point yimLVlC/IS the
goalkccping of Pete Ciocio. "lie is
tremendously dedicated. This is
satisfying to a coach. He can shoot
well, and dribble too. He was a great

Poor Season

utility player for the whole year.“
Coach Shalat felt this was the
highlight of a disappointing 3-8
season. Shalnt felt the biggest reason
for this poor record was the
“problem with the goalkeeper." The
Pups had only one goalie. who was
injured. and missed a number of
practices. “This lack of responsibili-
ty." said Shulat. "put me. as the
coach. in a position where I had to
asks him to leave the team." After the
goalie left. l’ctc Ciocio was forced to
mind the net.
Coach Shalat named a number of
players who he felt were “Varsitv
t-rmllnut'rl mi page/Illa"

 

by Craig Bell

The Albany State Great Danes
football team will be trying to even
their season record at 4-4. Saturday
when they travel to the north coun-
try to face the Plattsburgh State Car-
dinals.

Plattsburgh‘s l-6 record does not
seem imposing. especially after con-
sidering last week's 550 loss to
Norwich. but offensive coordinator
John Crea warnsthe Danes will have
to be ready. “It's Plattsburgh‘s last
game of the season and the last ever
for the seniors sothey will becoming
after us with nothing to lose.“

The teams have met six previous
times in Albany‘s short football
history. Plattsburgh won their ﬁrst
three meetings when Albany was still
a club. but the Danes have turned it
around since reaching varsity status
winningthe last three meetings. Last
year saw Albany romp over the
fallen Birds. (to-l2.

Offensively. Plattsburgh will not
be one of the stronger teams Albany
has faced. They come out ofa pro set
and run a lot of dive plays. In addi-
tion. look for quarterback Joe Gar-
cia to try to move the team through
the air with a combination of pop.
passes and passes to his backs in the
ﬂats.

"Wc expect l’Iattsburgh to throw

quite a bit.“ said defensive coach Al
Bagnoli. “Giventime. he can hurt us
sowe will tryto keep pressure on him
all day."

Garcia will have fullback Jim
Fraser and half back Bob Meyhan to
work with. Both are adequate
runners. according to Bagnoli Cara
cia will also be able to boast of
ﬂanker Vernon Blue. The speedy
5‘4“. I90 pound pass catcher return-
ed a kickoff in last year's contest 98
yards for a touchdown.

Base Defense

Defensively. Albany will try to
stay in their base 4—4 defense and
eliminate mental mistakes. It will be
the job of tackles Stcvc Schoen and
either John Lawrence or Dave
Mathis to shut off the inside running
game and the responsibilty of cor-
ncrbacks Bill Allison and complain
Harry McDonough plus the three
deep of Ray Gay. Rich Heimcrlcy
and Daryl Haynor to shut downthe
passing game.

“OffensichyI guess you could say
we're going back to the basics." said
Crea. This means the Danes will
attempt to establish their bread and
butter plays: the vecr and outside
veer. '

Fred llrewington will again get the
starting nod for Albany and he will
be joined by fullback Tom Deblois

Ruggers Nabbed By

by Ken Kurt:

This past Saturday. the ruggers of
Albany State were defeated by
Williams College. 9-0. on the losers‘
home field. Field conditions were
not optimal. as the game was
characterized by poor ball handling
because of slick ﬁeld conditions.

Scoring Opens Up

Scoring opcnes up midway
through the ﬁrst half as Williams
College successfully moved the ball
into Albany territory. The drive was
capped by Williams‘ Tom Rondco.
as he booted a 25-yard penalty kick
through the uprights for a 3-0
Williams lead.

Both teams moved up and down
the field for the remainder of the
half. but neither team could put the

buggers In scrum formation. "trad-y saw the Albany Itato

ball over the goal line. Albany was
assessed a large number of penalties
and only poor penalty kicking by
Rondeo prevented Williams from in-
creasing their lcad. At the half. the
score remained 3-0 in favor of the
visiting team.
Neither Team Scores

Second half action began as a
repeat of the first half is neither team
could score a try. However. ten
minutes into the second half.
Williams College executed a
picture-perfect play. Reversingtheir
ﬁeld. the Williams scrumbacks.
utilizing expert passing managed to
break the opposite side winger into
the clear. and Sam Hanchgett swept
in for the try. The conversion kick by
Williams‘ Rondco was successful.

and half backs Orrin Grifﬁn. Dave
Ahonen and Glen Sownlskic. all who
will be flip-floppingin and out ofthe
game. The split end job is up in the
air with both Lynn Pinkston and
Mike Volilon nursing injuries. The
tight end will be either Tom Cleury.
also sidelined with an injury. or Ed
Sellers who did a ﬁne job last week
while spelling the injured Cleary.

On defense Plattsburgh only
presents the Danes with one outstan-
ding ball player. middle linebacker
Bill Callahan. who Crea believe is the
best football player on the whole
squad.

The Danes will be looking to get
the bugs out ofthcir often sputtering
offense. “We have got to eliminate
mental errors.“ said Crea. “and put
on a real good show. "

The game. while not one of the
tougltcr the Danes have had this
year. poses the Danes with one big
problem; that is. the one of overcon-
fidcncc.

We‘ve got to put together two
good wccks to end the season on It
high note.“ said head coach llob
Ford. If the kids are flat for
I’lnttshurgh we could go against
Springfield with a 3-5 record. “We‘ve
got to be up for Springfield.“ he cott-
tinued. “or they'll hand us our

head."

Williams

and Williams boosted their lead over
State to 9-0.

State continued in their attempts
to mount an offense. but Williams
successfully stifled Albany drives for
the remainder ofthe gnmc. State was
hampered by penalties again in the
sccond half. as Williams was award-
ed f'our more penalty kicks. Luckily
for Albany. the Williams kicker
couldn‘t capitalize on the State mis-
cucs. as he missed all four penalty
boots.

In the "B" game. State was again
dcf'eated'by Williams. 9-0.

This Saturday. the ruggcrs will
travel to Springfield College to play
their final game of the season. After
the Springfield gilmc. tournament
play will begin for the ruggcrs.

loeobt

rugby team blanked by Williams

College In a game here It SUNYA. The team plays its tut game of the season tomorrow.

 

with

Student Attalrs Council Chairman William Hayes sold Moreaonoelto
was treated fairly by SUNYA'I Internet lud'lclol system. ‘

 

Benecke’s

by Mark Plevln

The Student Affairs Council of
the University Senate refused to hear
former Class of ‘78 President Marc
Benecke‘s appeal of his IS-month
suspension from SUNYA.

The suspension. which is effective
immediately was ordered Oct. 29 by
Dean for Student Affairs Neil
llrown as punishment for Benccke‘s
alleged theft of $3000 of Class funds.
According to Class Council
members. Bencckc admitted the
theft when he referred himselftothe
SUNYA judicial system on Oct. 7.
llcneckc filed his appeal of Brown's
decision last Wednesday.

The SAC began their considera-
tion of the case Friday by hearing a
presentation of the facts by Brown.
After addressing some questions to
him. the SAC decided to allow

Computer Causes TAP Delay

by Jonathan Hodges
and Thomas Mprtello

Changes in mode of opertttion and
a shortage of equipment have been
cited by a number of financial aid
and computer officials as the reasons
for the delay in Tuition Assistance
Program awards. TAP has yet to
send awards to over half of some
305.000 students presently applying
for aid.

Al SUNYA. 783ttwards have been
granted, totaling 5373.000 in finan-
cial aid. On Oct. 7 of lust year. 5.400
SUNYA students had received a
total of $l.l 14.000 in aid.

‘l he TAP. Regents Scholarship
grants and the New York State
education loan program are all ad-
ministered by tile Higher Education
Services Corporation.

HESC came ittto existence in
I974. it was the result ofthe merging
of two separate agencies. tltc Higher
Education Assistance Corporation
and the Regents Examination and
Scholarship Center of the State
liducttlion Department.

The former of these agencies was

in charge ofthe loan program. wltilc
the latter dealt with student grants.

With the formation of the HESC
came the creation of TAP. which
replaced the old Scholar Incentive
Program and raised the maximum
yearly grants from $600 to $|500.

In its first year. the TAP program
served 235.000 students at a cost’of
$79 million. This year's figure is ex—
pected to exceed $l70 million.

From I974to I975 HESC uscdthe
processing methods of its compo-
nent agcnmes.

The loan program was processed
at a comptttcr center on Wolf Road.
The new TAP program was ad—
ministercd through the use of the
State Education Department‘s com-
puter which had previoust process-
ed grant applications.

At the end of I975. Governor
Hugh Corey appointed Eileen
Dickinson as the new HESC presi-
dent. Dickinson replaced .l. Wilmer
Mirandon. who had been the cor-
poration‘s president since its iltccp~
tiott.

"Both [computers] were at

house

Some 4,600 tower SUNYA students than tut year have so for received
TAP swords. according to Financial Aids Director Donald Whitioek.

relatively maximum utilization.“ ex-
plained Dickinson. “An agreement
was made . . . to give up the loan
computer. and eventually the State
Ed. computer and get ontothis huge
new processor. a Honeywell."

“When we were at Wolf Road. the
onlythingthat we really handled was
the loan program." said Director of
Data Processing David Perry. “The
TAP program was run on a CDC
3300 computer at the Education
Department. At Wolf Road we had a
Honeywell 2000 system. The 2000
system was not significantly large
cttouglt. nor could it be raised to a
high enough level to handle both the
TAP and the loan program."

Perry continued. “A decision had
to be made as to whether we should
go out and get it new cotnputcr that
would be able to handle both TAP
and loan. or go to the Office of
General Services and use their coin-
puter on a remote job entry basis
[time-sharing basis]. The decision
was ntttdctogo onthc remotcjohen-
try."

According to Dickinson. the
problems started when the computer
conversion begun. Both the Wolf
Road loan and the State Education
computers were being slowly phased
out as the ()GS Honeywell 6060 was
programmed.

"We had dreadful problems with
the computer. part ofwhich were the
result of the inadequate hardware
and software." said Dickinson.

Computer hardware is any
physical piece of the computer while
software is the instructions given to
the machine.

Dickinson elaborated on tile com-
puter problems. “They really hadn‘t
estimated properly on the role and
the needs of this corporation for
computer services. We don't just
generate interesting statistics. Tltc
very heart of the processing of loans
and 'I‘AI’ is in that machine."

When asked how the 008 com-
puter system compares with
SUNYA‘s. Computing Center
Document Librarian Stephen
Rogowski said. "Both their
Honeywell 6060 and our Univac
IIlO are multi-million dollar
machines. They cost around three
and a ftttlf million apiece. I would say
our Univac was slightly more

Appeal Voted Down?

Benecke to make a presentation. The
SAC then discussed the matter and
voted.

The vote was seven to one against
hearing the appeal. with five absten-
tions. Chairman William Hayes
said. “I think the Council made a
wise choice.“ James Finnegan. the
only member who voted to hear the
appeal. said. "I though the punish-
ment was too harsh. i feel he should
have been allowed to finish the
semester.“

livery Chance

Hayes added that the judicial
system “was a fair process. Not even
Bencckc is questioning that." Accor-
ding to Hayes. “We gave Benecke
every possible chance to explain his
side of the story."

Benecke said he appealed Brown's
decision “in order to get a second
opinion. I respect Dean Brown‘s
decision and its afﬁrmation by the
Student Affairs Council." Benccke
also said that the whole episode is
not something he takes lightly. “I
view it as something that can be
overcome. and I intend to overcome
it."

Beneckc said that he has applied
to transfer next semestertosome un-
its of the State University some units

of the City University. and the
Fashion Institute of Technology.
“Fashion is something I've always
been interested in. " he said.

Explaining. “I‘ve always been able
to line up fairly decent jobs.”
Beneclte said he felt confident he
would be able to pay back the $3000
at the rate of $200 per month. as
called for in the promissory note he
signed.

Benecke also saideoncerning the
treatment he has received since the
case become public. that. “despite
everything. the students in yneral
have treated me fairly."

According to Brown. all options
of the University Judicial System are
now closed. Emphasizingthat he has
not yet prepared his final report on
the case. Brown refused to comment
on whether his ofﬁce will pursue the
case any further.

Brown said that anyone “with a
legitimate interest" in the case can
still bring charges.

Any SUNYA ofﬁcial. the Class of
‘78 Council. or any mEmber of the
Class would probably be considered
a party with a legitimate interest.
said Brown.

Beneckc said he would leave
SUNYA “probably Wednesday."

kroutl

President Eileen chltlnlon ol nghor Educ-flan Sorvlcu Corporation
sold. “It you haven't heard onylhlng. I'd get I new TAP form."

sophisticated."

The root cause of HESC's dilem-
mit can be traced back to the cor-
poration‘s initial switch from
processing applications manually. to
using a new automated system. the
MDS 2400. This MDS 2400 is
If ESC's connection to the
Honeywell computer.

“MDS 2400 is a rctnotejoh entry
station. It is here that an edit system
screens out applications that cannot
be handled by the Honeywell 6060."
explained Perry.

“We used to have acomputercon-
sultunt working on llte edit
program." said Dickinson. "Why an
edit program? For one thing we had
a pretty good sense that we would
soon be encountering tuition at
CUNY. Last year. we made 268.000
awards at TAP. Withthe addition of

CUNY. we were expected to add

another I00.000 to that figure.“
The cdit system is composed of
student financial aids applications
keypunched intocomputer software.
It sorts applications that are proper-
ly completed from thosethat cannot
continued on page three

 

INDEX
Classiﬁed"... 
Edliorlnl 
Graffiti...

Minnie. ballot Itll
no page 0

 

 

 

 

