    
   

 
    
  
  
   
    
  
     
   
 
   

      
  
 
  
   

 

  
   
 
 

   
  

  

 

PM we excerpts froswlast
Ill”: Sttiﬂilin show on WSUA. MAM.
float Dan Gdtuapohe with New York Public
(truer: Ranch Greta» Cm Chit
A ,

Gdans- Cllis. whd's NYPlltG‘l

Aide's: Well, th’a sort da hard qtnrtion to
amwer.witho¢takingalot aftimeJlrieny.
it's a non-profit. non-partisan citizen
poop. . . wedolobbying. liti’tingsnd
resemh for public idormation on cor-ulster,
envirotmtemal and gova'nmens accountibility
issue.“ keyisthat it'astudent-run.
Girls: There was a lot of controversy about
the imerview you had with Daniel Patrick
Moynihan wla'le working on candidate
profiles that NYPIRG compiled. When did
you see la’m?

Alain: June

Gina: How did he set when you were there?
Aldus: Well. I went to his apartment in
Manhattan . _. . he had granted the inter-
viewatthelastmintae...hewssvery
patronizing. He treated me as if he were a
professor and l were a student.

I'm not sure whether that is his attitude
towards everybody or if he didn't realize what
NYPIRG was . . . Everything was explain-
ed to him bdorehand.

Gaines: One question in the text as the ASP
printed it earlier this semester prompted him
to ask whether NYPIRG was anti-semitic.
Atrium The question was: “Should Congress
have the right to veto arms sales by private in-
dustry or the executive?"

Gaines: How did he respond?

Aidan: His resportse was that the question
tmelleda little anti-semitic . . . lsaid to him
1 wasn't sure I understood. and. as its did
many times during the interviw, he jumped
on me and interrupted saying well, I must not
know the issue, and in don't know the issue I
shouldn't ask the question.

To this day, i don‘t know what's anti-
semitic about that question. Of course, NYP-
IRG is not anti-semitic.

Gainer: When did you first feel there was
something wrong with the interview?

Aidan: In the bep‘nnin'g. I asked what should
be our stand on South Africa and Rhodesia

gynahm Poironizingi

 

 

* *  ment

 

 

and tin majority rights isstte, and his answer
was: 'You'te speakingtoaman who was a Un-
ited States ambassador.” And that was his
amwer.

Gm How did you feel when he answered
that way’!

Aidan: I started to’t a little worried. Assoon
as i got there he wu a little pushy: 'Okay.
come on. you’ve got two minutes a question,
get "at tape on. let's hear it." I was edgy right
away.

About halfway through the interview. lwas
really unnerved. I asked him whether lte sup-
ported a food stamp proposal to cut tlte total
budget and increase the amount that people
on the lower end of the proﬁts! get. He asked
me who the sponsors were, what the bill
number was. Though I had some understan-
ding of the bill, I wasn't aware that l'd be
drilled on it. til knew tint, lwould have had
all the information there. He kept asking me
that, and raised his voice. saying: “You don‘t
ask a public man questions you can't answer
yourself.“ He refined toartswerthe question. I
was afraid to ask him questions after that.
Gdnes: Some of his answers were almost wit-
ty.

Aidan: Almost.

Gaines They didn't strike you as witty?
Aidurt: Afterwards.

Gaines: For example. at the end of the inter-
view you asked him how the condition of the
elderly could be improved and he asked you
“in what respect, to make them younger?”
What kind of person did you think he was at?"
that point?
Aidan: l'd
question . . .
Gaines: What reaction have you noted about
the interview.

Aidan: . . . Since the ASP article, and the
Jack Anderson column about the interview.
people have called to tell me that they can't
believe that he reacted as he did . . . he's
running for that ofﬁce (Senator) to serve
me . . . l‘m not asking him to be humble; I'm
asking him simply to treat me with some
respect asaconccrnedcitizcn . . . at thetime
I interviewed him. 1 don't think he knew the
issues. I don‘t believe he knew the sponsors
and bill numbers he‘asked me for.

rather not answer that

 

 

rsex at SUNYA

To the Editor:

lnevery newspaper and magazine across the
country. there has been one issue that is get-
ting most of the headlines. I am speaking. of

through the Albany Student Press these last
three weeks is aware that the ASP is con-
tributing tlteir share to this new fad. But what
amazes me is that this “natural phenomenon"
has been around longer than any of us. and
yet, just reocme is it making the headlines.

Take the local situation, for instance. Tltere
were two rapes reported in two weeks, and
maybe more that went unreported.
Automatically, it gets headlines when last
year, it might have been buried on page ten. In
another issue, a male member of the student
population makes his opinions known on the
quality and quantity of nice female faces here
at SUNYA and is immediately the target of
ridicule via the editorial pages of this paper.
And yet, as Jimmy Carter pointed out just
recently (and for which he made the
headlines). men are always looking lustfully at
women. And, I suspect, it worksthe other way
too.

What makes any man or woman, from a
U.S. Senator to an Albany townee, commit
rape? I suspect it is caused by our society
through the mass media. They feed the furnace
of our senual desires, through material like
Playboy and Playgirl magazines, and then
give us no way to release these desires except
through the act of sexual intercourse. But
then. society says that it is illegal to make love
with someone who does not “consent”, and
immoral to have a sexual relationship with
anyone you are not married to. Hence, for the
unmarried section of this university communio
ty. there are the alternatives of either mastur-
bating the four years away. or letting these
desires continue to build up.

But as i read these articles and letters which
have been appearing in the ASP recently, I
was surprised that none of our imaginative
students ever presented a possible solution to
the problem. For instancc.why not turn Hotel
Wellington into a co-ed brothel? I realize some
will call this extreme. but consider for the mo-
ment the advantages. Obviously. those

L

 

 

 

 

 

 

{
iFEIFFER}

course, about serc Anyone who has glanced ..

     
   
   
   
      
   
 

members d the university community who
steed the desires within them satisﬁed, would
be willing to pay a reasonable sum for services
rendered. This income could be put asiduo
save future departments from being cut.
Students would be able to close their favoritt
bars with no worry about whet her the lights on
campus were still on. Campus security would
be relieved of these headaches. and could
devote more time and energy to their ticketing
of illegally parked cars. And most important.
ly, the ASPcould begin to devote more space
in their paper to the news that affects directly
the majority of the students.

It is hoped that Student Association will
consider this proposal (when they can find the
time) and possibly look into student funding
of this project. Then. those students with tax
cards could find themselves benclltllng from
their student tax by receiving discounts. And,
if the project is successful. they (SA) could
begin actions to convert Mohawk Tower, and
even possibly. Camp Dippikill. Then. maybe
the students on this campus could say that [lit
ASP and Student Association are scn'ingthr
students' needs, instead of their own.

R. Kissant

A stands
for Apathy

To the Editor:

You have wondered where we were when
they gave Mohawk Tower to the faculty; and
you asked where we were when the dectsion
was made to phase out the Nursing Program
and out other Humanity-oriented schools; ilntl
you asked where the “student lcztdcrs" were
when “they” decided to replacc ('olontttl's
trees with cars. I guess you will continue to
wonder where we were, until the A .Yl’slops us-
ing Student Association for their \(mlt‘llml'i
critical. but most of the time dcrttgnlor)‘.
editorials.

I suppose y0u are expecting ttn llllttlt'l’ lo
these inquiries. Unfortunately. 1 how no ex-
cuses for the predecessors of Student r\SSOClll~
tion. If you really want to know “from the)
were, we could drag some out of | no School
and give them a fair trial. I‘m sure that youczm
think of some fair punishments for littm' un-
forgivcn crimes.

!‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

lell _, 

    
   
   
   
   
  
  

 whim

@Wﬂﬁ’dﬂﬁW-Eﬁ

  

 

 

 

viewpom 

 

 

i: m SUNYA (‘A" must stand for Apathy)

- nts,l am not writing to protect tlte guilty
0 are long gone. 1 am only trying to save
it from the embarrassment you may have to
when you will be accused. Students may
nder where you were when "they" cut the
ttle bttses (I think they were green). or if the
t of buying money (check cashing) is raised
‘ 50c. l sup nose (if the present has anything
do with the future), that in years to come
' u may not care. And so, the cycle continues .

'» tudent Association is by no means a cure-
3 students are not the most inﬂuential com-
]. nt in SUNYA's administration (as you
y have noticed), but we do have input in
' y varied situations confronting students.
y and tomorrow.
0, dear SUNYA students, instead of nod-
your intelligent little heads in agreement
h the ASP editorials. and instead of living
' to the reputation of beging a chronic com-
not, why don't you check out the “Sixty-

W dollar rip-oft" (CC 346)? Wherever your

rests lie. I am sure there is a committee for
L to serve on and there is plenty of work to
done both inand out ofthe ofﬁce. Or. if you
‘ays thought something should be here that
t; "Yeah. University of — . ———-———-
has that . . . why don't we?“, you can
something new.

Anne Markowitz

faculty-staff only

 To the Editor:

This is my fourth year at SUNYA and lam
of the opinion that there is no “parking
problem" here. For the pint! two years i have
been greeted by signs in the State and Dutch
parking lots which proclaim, “Faculty-Staff
Parking Onlyl“. It seems to me that half the
parking lot has been given over to the Faculty-
Staff.

Quitc obviously there ttrc many more
students than faculty ttnd stuff driving to
school cttch dtty. lftt disproportiotmtcsharc of
the parking lot is reserved for thc fttculty. ttnd
students won't park in this ttrctt since they fcttr
their curs will be tickctcd. tt parking problem is
created. l chttllcngc l’rcsidcnt Fields to walk
through the Sttttc ttnd Dutch Quttd Parking
Lots to see how few Faculty-Stuff members
ttrc nctuttlly purking there. Mttny Faculty-
Staff members seem to ltttvc Special Permits
permitting them to pttrk on the roads by the
podium. By doing away with Faculty-Stuff
l’ttrking. l believe we would solve the so-cnllcd
“l'ttrking Problem" ttnd do llWily with the need
for any more ptty lots.

Sincerely yours.
Andth Mttndcll

cold correls

To the Editor:

To those of us who visit the lihrttry on it
regular basis, the buzzing lights tttc tt source of
annoyance. However. since winter is ap-
proaching. it ttlso seems necessary to discuss
ttnothcr aspect of the librttry. Or perhaps, this
particular characteristic of the library may be
better discussed when it is pbrttscd us it ques-
tion: “Why is it always so dttmn cold in the
library "

Even in Septcm her. I found myself huddled
under my jacket, blowing periodically on my
frozen ﬁngers. I take wnlks every httlf hour to

make sure my blood is still circulating. The big
event of my studyingis to go to the bathroom
and let hot water run over my ltands (ah.
blissl). but terror strikes me when I realize that
this, too, is only a momentary pleasure.

When I go to the library. I do not ask, “How
cold is it outside?", but “How cold will it be in
the library?" Should I wear my down jacket or
my ﬁve sweaters with the extra heavy ﬂannel
shirt? Who cares what I look like as longss l'm
warm? I think that the least the library can do
is provide lockers for us “regulars"tostore our
winter quilts’im

Since the temperature of the library has
been lowered from 72 degrees (as it was last
year) to 68 degrees to conserve energy.
perhaps there is only one solution to the
problem of keeping warm: share a carrel with
a friend. This solution would conserve energy
and solve this problem and it might also make
life more interesting for the patrons of the
library.

Terry Kullik

a different debate

To the Editor:

it is a disgrace. to say the least, that the
League of Women Voters is sponsoring
debates between the likes of Carter and Ford.

Do Carter and Ford really differ that much?
BOTH of them represent the rich, as opposed
to the vast majority of the people who do not
have a stake in the present social order.

What I would like to see, in contrast to the
League of Women Voters, is a series of debates
between Jules Levin, the Presidential can-
didate of the Socialist Labor Party as an ad-
vocate of true socialism, and capitalist can-
didates Carter and Ford on the issue of
Socialism versus Capitalism. My candidate
Levin would wipe thefloor with both ofthcml

That would really be worthwhile and thus
help voters to decide if capitalism should be
retained or replaced by the program for a
better life as favored by the Socialist Labor
Party (SLP).

I got a bang out of reading the “Coffee with
Ford“ satire article by Jonathan Levcnson in
the September l4th ASP.

Jules Levin will be campaigning in New
York City starting Oct. 24; perhaps Jonathan
cttn mttkc it hero and have a serious interview
with the SLI’ candidate.

Nathttn Pressman

surface beauty

To the Editor:

There was this guy. you see. who saw a
limestone cscttrpmcnt which bud u strcttm full-
ing over it ttnd snid. “Whttt it perfect spot fora
cement fttctory."

His friend sttid. “ch it is. but what about
the bettuly of its nttturttl arrttngcmcnt'.’ I don‘t
know witnt Nttturc did to make it so
breathtaking. but God bless Hcr.“

This guy was unconvinced. llc retortcd. “ls
thttt ttll you can think about. the mere surface
fettturcs‘! Look at the potentittl. at what's un-
der the skin."

The friend concluded, “i think yours is the
narrow point of view. As for myself . I prefer to
upprccitttc tt mountain for how it looks as well
as whttt it can do for me."

Unuhushcdly yours,

John Rinaldi

‘   Chance For C-honge

 

The Albany Student Press welcomes letters
to the editor. Letters must be typewritten,
triple-spaced, and signed. Names will be
withheld on request. Please bring or send
letters to (,‘tmtpus Center Room 329 by
Wedlu'sday for publication In the “May
(true and by Sttrrtlayfortbe Tuesday Lmte.

 

 

 

, On September 7, President Fields released a proposed statement of
mission for SUNYA. In compliance with the SUNY master plan, lte has
outlined a clearcut direction for this university, and it points to public
policy analysis.

But what is public policy analysis? And more importantly, why aren‘t
more students trying to ﬁnd out? The answer would make a good cover
story for Newsweek: “Campus Apathy in the Seventies—Student
Radicals, Where are They Now?”

They’re in the library, reading accounting or genetics or the sonnets of
Shakespeare. To say that one per cent of the students on this campus
have read the mission statement is optimistic. It seems paradoxical that
students so concerned with academic grades have no interest in the
decisions that will alter the academic curriculum and faculty
accordingly. .

Granted, the administration did not make it easy; the mission
statement is not exactly light reading material. If anything, the
convoluted format of the mission statement discourages understanding,
and therefore discourages response. However, it is critical that some
kind of response be made.

lt's not enough that a few students facing cuts protest, or that the’

Committee of Concerned Faculty protest. Fields claims he has
distributed this,mission plan for reaction and response from all segments
of the university. Regardless of whether he will consider all responses
seriously or will simply deposit them in the bottom draWer of a ﬁling
cabinet, it's important that they be in that file. for future leverage.

The deadline for all replies to Fields is October 15. Responses don't
have to be 20,000 word statements. Simply registering approval or
disapproval will help.

Student Association has failed, in its student leadership role, to
provoke and collect the responses of students. It is up to the students
themselves to speak out-now. SA President Steve DiMco is drafting a
statement, but it is not based on a consensus of student opinion. Other
students’ feelings must also be represented in some manner.

A student is supposedly here for an education, and deserves the
chance to help shape the direction of that education. There are seven
days left. Here’s the chance. Make the most of it.

 

Quote of the Day:
We‘ve got to barguin for this city...From here on in it‘s hard ball down there.
—Daniel Patrick Moynihtm.
Demovralic Candidate referring to New York City

 

 

é . hm

MASTIIISAD STA FF
Stat-mm DZINANKA
MANAGING utt'rnn SPENCE‘RAGGIO
erws corn-n .nAVlD WthELnEtto
ASSOCIATE Ntzws muons ...................................... ..CYNT_lIIA_HAClNLl. Bitth HOLZBERO
PRODUCTION Mmu‘vv LOUlSE Mutts
Assoctnc nonunion mmrru Fl I m FINE
EDITORIAL PAGES mun-I anCE FEIGENHAUM
Arms in rrt'rttrtrs rnmtrts ...................................... "Nauru FntanANonn. STEPHEN EISENMAN
Assttt'ttrr AR'IS EDITOR Mn'rttew KAUFMAN
Sl'mt‘lh’ rnn'mt MICHAEL PIEKARSKI
ASSOCIATE scouts l‘nl'l'llﬂ FHWARD Moscn
Aomt LISA littmno, DANIEL GAINES
Assortnr ADVERTISING MANAGER tin-m CAIIILL
('l,Ahthl[l)-(ERAFFITI mmrr- EILEEN Duaom
Bttsmrss htANAt‘rIl MICHAEL J. AttoAN

l-JoI'I mt IN cuter

 

  

' MAN at‘s‘uu

L"

 

AJ’. dl Zodiac Nt'wr: Alicc Kohn, Robert Kwttrtu

Stir/f tt'ritt'rr: ilrucc Connolly. Jttnutltttn l.l:\'t.'llSOll. i’ttul Roscnlltttl

I’rt'vt‘t'tt': Nuncy Emerson

Billing at-t-ottruum: Cttrol Cotriss

Payroll manager: llob Rubin

(‘umpmiriun managers: Ellen Hoiscn. l’otrick McGlynn

C‘omputitimr production: llcnc l’feiffer. Amy Sours

Ht'tltl IJ'plSl.‘ Leslie Eisenstein '

I’rudut'lion: Murc Arkittd, Sully Ann Brecher, Karen Cooper, Jonn Ellsworth, Judi Heitner.
Sully Jagust. Duve Kutz. Vicki Kurtzmttn. Michele Lipton, Denise Mason. Debbie Rlcpr,
Joan Silverbltut. Laurie Studwell, Stu Vincent, Jody Wilner

Adt'e'rllling prndm‘llolt.‘ Joyce Bella, Kelly Kiln. Janet Meunier. Meg Roland. Anne Wren

Photography: supplied by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

ESTABLISHED I9I6

1hr Albany Studsta Puss Lt published awry Theto .d Friday during thr school tea

t'xn‘pl ItolitIattr. Editorial policy is Illt‘ mpmuiblllty ofthe Edltor in chic/2 and is subject to re view

by tho Must/wail Staff Main ofﬁce: Campur Cert/er. Room 129; telephone.- 457-8892. Address

mail to: Albany Student Press. CC 329, I400 Washington Avenue, Albany, New York [2222.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.._.r_~.s..u..a..s.t.n. M.......r....t.....ut.o ... _.

  
  

     
    
   
  
    
  
  

   
   
  

    
 
   
 
 
   

   
   
   
  
 

      
   
    

   
   
     

      
    
   
  
  

    
    
 
   
  

         
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  

   
 
        

   
  

   
     
     
     
   
    
         
          

           
   
 

[-fvy—lrouysx.»prankiwé -o ‘7 ,

“‘37:. .

 
   
        

   
    
  

  

< V «3:.

      
        
          
        
          
     
     
   
      
      
     
     
      
    
    
    
   

  
   
    
  
   
 
    
    
  
    
  
 
 
    
   
 
   
  
 

.s<‘.

  

