l i

a". i .g ,
 .  .

  
 
 

 

 

sMwHwNW’ﬂqﬂ‘tv-zmp«g  .

  
  

 

 

 

.. um...»-

\_ .. ...AW.~n-A.asmcsn..~magp

 

   

.1,

J

'lttttttll

ill!
ll

 

 

“‘1.

1‘11 7'
“A.
—

ﬁn will" 

" 501/,"5/2/0/06‘“ MM'YOU
gilt? Marl?” romsar 77/!

. a:
mate's: M/ smash; came/Iva w am
ms m" .

70M

' M17 / W!
“at...
i

4§'”.A \t . '
raw/M mm» mm m:
M We. .91er M7 m: Flasr
MW 59555 M HIM m Vol/R Silt?
mm 7/: sun/557.com: 

77w: swam arer 
m ‘

PM (ll/77! If Gill/WM 701/!
MISS/0M /5 ME. 7”! 046'
Ill/lo m 77/6 5 05'

“’04
W! A? You? “WNW

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
    
   
  

l ' _ '3
‘ Sosa/art WWII/5 mew '
'. MENU/VS 95ml. If”)! —-- I

 ff:

..

 ll
it
ill.
rm .
- as

$0fo ill/[L

W FIND
mfg/risen;

 

  

 

ﬁxnt-Itn/N ril‘lrfll u in... n u

swan-«segr-ats14.-s1!aelsitsa|ossvae’rah¢‘

vewpoinl

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

CAMERA

; Information Meeting
THURSDAY

ES 144 9 RM.

for more info call

CLUB

SEPT. 16th

At:

 

 

 

20th Floor Lounge. L T . Colonial.Chi Sigma Theta
'l'en Broeck Hall. Dutch Quad, Kappa. Dena
Van Rensselear Hall. Dutch Quad, Psr (ramma

PUBLIC APOLOGY

The following apology is to:

Ms. Ellen Weller

Ms. Antoinette Del Ilene

Ms. Leslie ('otrnor

Ms. Mari—Anne Woclrr
manner in ltandling the rental of 48A Dove St.
l tttn truly sorry.

Humny Yours.

 

 

for all the hassles caused by my unprofessional

Michael Rickmun

 

 

 

 

Joe at 482-5441

 

TACO l’s

" A LEETLE TASTE OF MEXICO"

Meat & Meatless Dishes Prepared California Style

Not Too Hot-
Na! Too Spicy

 

 

577 New Scotland Ave. Albany

(Opp. St. Peters Hos. 438-7073)
Tues, Wed. Thurs. lI-it

 

‘76 Shoppers Village, Menands

405-7743
Wed. -Sut. 11:30 -9:30

 

 

 

9” Central 1
(Central & Colvln) (
} 438-8350

'6) ammo

(with coupon)
50c off ~pickup orders $3.00 -$5.50

500: off -pickup orders over $5.50
8L Bottle of Soda

 

Westgate

Shopping Center
482-942l

 

® .

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fri" SM, “_9 Sun. LB Sun. “:30 _6 (‘0 Coupon good thru World Series (‘0 :
- L- — — — — — — ——_ — — — — — —————- — — — — — — — _——u
PAGE 8A ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

hostility and many acquired it ‘Why do i have
to cooperate—fl didn't want to live here‘ at-
titude. '

Pierce didn't fill up because advertising was
very limited and it hadn't been done before.
People were afraid to try it. The idea just
wasn't sold well. (It is difﬁcult to sell
something if you don't know how it works.) It
seems as'lf all these problems branch off one
another yet no one person or group of persons
is in position to take the blame.

In fact. there is no need to place a blame on
anyone. With all this going against it. Pierce
went well last year. it was a place where you
could enjoy yourself. yet get some work done;
it was fine place to live. Many close
relationships began here and no doubt, many
more will follow. Ofthe l05 people living here
last year. over 50% are returning (remember
that only 35 people originally requested
Pierce). This shows that a positive community
feeling was sparked here and it is a strong
favorable argument that Pierce was successful
in its first year as alternative residence ‘ en-
vironment. This argument is second only to
the feelings l have for Pierce Hall. and the ex-
citement with which I look forward to the
coming year.

Pierce is not for everyone. as has already
been determined. Yet for those who choose it,
Pierce Hall presents the opportunity to ex-
pericnce life in a more realistic frame of mind.

Harlan .luster
Pierce Hall. Alumni

the aura of boredom

To the Editor:

To the surprise of everyone, (except those
directly involved) ten per cent of the Jericho
High School l976 graduating class are now
SUNYA freshmen. Why. many ask. would
thirty-four students from the same high school
want to attend the same university? Of the
three University Centers. Buffalo was too far
away. Stonybrook was too close. and
Binghnrnton left many on the waiting list. with
few willing to bide their time until June to see
where they were going to school.

Due to this excessive number of hometown
friends and acquaintances. it has not been ex-
tremely difficult for me to meet other students.
In fact. most of the people I‘ve recently met
here. are the roomntutcs or suitcmatcs ofthosc
l httd previously known. \tht are all these
people from such sirniliar backgrounds
(Jericho and non-Jericho alike) doing with
their time?

i have spent several of ntyevcniugs listening
to fellow students complain about the lack of
both daytime and after hours activities. Aside
from the beer-drinking parties and the few
dope-smoking gatherings. they claim there is
nothing to do. Personally. I utn very cotrtcrrt
listening to people try to make conversation;
“5 many will agree it gets sort of ridiculous
after it while. I am not an exceptionally
talkative person. not artr I greatly inclined to
commence conversations. but I‘m willingto let
others suffer my making them listen to my
slttntcd views.

Why isn‘t the recent acquisition of
SUNYA‘s FM radio station invoking more
discussion? Wlty ttren'tthc diminished library
hours creating some havoc within the student
body? Why aren‘t the freshmen. ntarry of
Whom will he votirtg for ottr next President to
November. ttrgtring over the candidates? And.
finally. why aren‘t the girls getting their WI R A
flag football lineups together?

lluck in Jericho. there were few if any m-
trttguing problems or fascinating llcll\lllt:s
which stimulated a marathon discussion or
even trn intense conversation. Unfortunately.
many of the dialogues which cortld he heard
amongst the seniors at Jericho High last year
involved who smashed tip their crtr lhc worst.
who was going to Florida. and who came hack
with the darkest lllll last time.

In conclusion. i hope that those students
who are generating an aura of boredom and
non-involvement will in the future be
challenged by how to spend their spare time
most effectively. With such intelligent and

fun-loving people around it's hard to see why
there is such little going on when there is so
much to do. I think we all have the choice of
complaining about nothing to do or having
nothing to complain about.
StevenGoldstein

false points of view

To the Editor:

The University Communityshould be made
aware that the material pertaining to the
Library in the l976-77 Viewpoint contains a
mixture of flippant remarks and misinforma-
tion. We realize that Viewpoint is aninforrnal.
yet often informative.compendium ofcampus
information; however. we fail to see the
necessity for characterizing the Library as a
convenient place to sleep, relax, and socialize.
The incoming Freshman class should not be
left with the impression that the Library is a
glorified flop-house!

Viewpoints factual presentation is also in-
accurate trnc‘ outdated. For example. the
Learning Resources Center has not been
called the "Curriculum Library“ for a number
of years. the government documents have long
since been transferred from the basement level
to the first ﬂoor. and there has never been a
“Projecter Room".

We respectfully suggest that before another
edition of Viewpoint goes to press that a
member of its staff consult with the Library‘s
administrative office in order to determine the
facts. Went/mints scrviceto the University can:
only he considered a disservice il’error and dis-
tortion are allowed to continue.

Sincerely.

The Library Steering Committee
H. Eames

J. Groark

M. LaCroix

M. Munzer

F. Pozo

B. Rice

A. Shaffer

M. Zych

parking plight

To the Editor:

I‘d just like to comment on the parking
situation on campus; more specifically. park-
ing on Indian Quad. This Sunday. residents of
lndinrr Quad woke up to the trnpleusurablc
sight of parking tickets onj ust about every car
parked around the quad. Those that didn't
have the tickets were jtrst lucky or had their
liCkcls blown away by the morning winds. To
let you know wlty the students parked tltcrc let
me quote the signs that surround lndiun
erad. "Interior Roadway Medicttl and Special
Parking Only it run. to 5 pm. Mon. thru Fri."
It appears to the reader that parking is per-
mitted at other times not specified. On top of
this. last semester parking was permitted. if
not by the rules. tlterr by the luck of tickets
issued. i called security Sunday morning and
was told that the signs were going to be chang-
ed and that parkinger any time will be illegal
withottl a special permit. I was also instructed
that i can appeal the ticket if I care todoso.

What I‘d like to ask you. (or anyone else
who‘s reading this and has ntrythingto do with
the parkrng rules) is whyisn‘t overnight park-
ing on the weekdcnds ttllowcd on lndiurt
Quad. l'ltcrc scents to he no reason tlrnt park—
ing on Weekends shouldn‘t beextcndcd to all
students. llris university ls here lor the
students .tndl feel that. at time. there are peo-
ple and agencies on campus that lost: sight of
this.

John Bennett

 

 

The Albany Student Press tee/router your
letters. I’ll-ost- submit all letters
’l‘l’I’lz'll'lt’I'I‘l‘h‘N to Albany Student Press,
CC J29. Mill Washington Ave. The ASP
reserves tltt' right to prim or edit letters to the

 

   

Clarifying! The 

 

released this week sketches a char direction for this university, with
key of the new direction — but will it open the right doors?

poses be answered? The administration must spend a maxirnum

of , effort to clarify the document and its implicitidit's._’  ~ - ‘ , y I. .I -
oWill the mission damage the essential university function of student
education? Has the educational need of New York’s student population
played a major role in the mission‘s formation? Does the document
reﬂect such concern? I

0H ow much can we cut back on the diversity of course offerings? Does
the mission mean we should cut back even more than the Task Force
has? The same? Should some programs be reinstated? '

0What problems should the school be setting its sights on? What does
public policy mean? Why doesn’t the administration release a list of all
the public policy projects that have occured this past year at SUNYA?

0How much will feedback on the document influence its final form?
Will students or faculty be able to change any signiﬁcant portions of the
document? Or will it seem, in the end, that a Fields plan was rubber-
stamped?

0Will the faculty be objective, or will they split along "good— it helps
me” and "bad — it doesn't” lines. Will faculty with objections in
departments benefited by the mission stay quiet?

0Will there be any hard, empirical evidence suggesting that the
mission will be beneficial?

OWill care be taken to understand the positions of SUNY Central, the
state government, the people of the state and the local constituencies by
each of the other groups?

0What would be the results of a campus referendum? is it possible for
the university community to block the plan?

The only chance for all parts of the university to participate in the
formation of the mission (or, for that matter, any important decision) is
for the campus constituencies to discuss and question it seriously,
expecting each other to take the issues seriously, and expecting each
constituency to be respected and its views incorporated or at least
acknowledged in the final product.

t of the Da : ' . O
Qlg’hinn should learn from the way America developed, by decentralrzrng and spreading
responsibility and wealth among 50 states.

—Mao Tse- Tuttg

 

 

gamut/Ea GOV/VA-
My CFF 7M?
wet-AU 0F
MEG? 5727737703.

 

uzli tor. Unsigned letters will not be published.
Nantes will be held ueun reguest.

 

 

 

 

 

confusing implications. Increased public policy analysis has been the '

Surely the campus will discuss the mission, but will all the questionsit ‘ j ,.
' 

SUNYA President Emmett 3. Fields’.‘ proposed satin misses. s ‘

  
    

   
  

 
 
 
 
     
       
    
         
   
         
    
      
     
      
           
    
   
   
  
  

    
  
  

    
     
    
      
       
     
          
   
 

   
 
    
     
 
     
  
   
  
 
 
 
 

   
   
 

   

   

    
   
 
     
 
   

 

