  
 
 
   
   
    
   
    
 
  
  
 
 

 
 
  
 
 

      
 
 
  
  
 
    
     

  
   

 [dunks _
’  panic . s‘ethcc;

® ‘ennchtngne corpus

Security {reasut-y.

\ :9 a nuisance,

‘to students

@doinﬂ his du‘i’j
©AL'L. on}

y THE! nova

 

 

 

  

l066"
k Sim

 

  

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
  
    
   
  
 
  
 
 
     
     
  
    

  
 

   

  

 
  

 
 

   

  

  

 
    
   
 

 
 

 
  
 

 

 

 

 

End of the Executive

by Ed Moses

Every presidential year, there rages a debate
over the campaign process. The primaries are
condemned as being too lengthy, a six month
long advertising headache that the country
can do without. Some say the course of the
primary season shduld beshortened or a series
of regional. multi-state primaries be held.
Others suggest that our presidential elections
take place every six years. Everyone admits
that smoothing hu to be done about the no
cessive time. money and verbiage now expend-
ed to ﬁnd a.president.

Manny a solution has already been
found, ifone weretoexarnine more closely the
presidential news of the past three years. What
the states should do is pass a constitutional
amendment which eliminates the Presidency.

Upon reﬂection. it would appear that we‘ve
already done without a Chief Executive. in
effect. since 1973. From the 'John Dean
summer‘ of I973 through Nixon‘s resignation
in August I974. there were constant com-
plaints that the Executive Branch had been
paralysed by Watergate. Apparently Richard
Nixon was too busy burying tapes, or too

terriﬁed of his impending impeachment, to
run the government.

After Nixon came Ford. It took months for
Gerald to ﬁnd out the address of the White
House. much less master the ropes of gover-
ning And. if Ford evertooka refresher course
in the Constitution, he must have stopped
when he reached the part about the veto.
Throughout I975 all Ford did was negate
legislation. It was overwhelmingly
Democratic votes in Congress that forced him
to sign massive recession-ending tax cuts. So,
despite the best efforts of the non~president.
an economic recovery began.

After Ford came Reagan. Already com‘
mitted to Do—Nothingism at home. Ford. out
of fear of a Republican conservative backlash.
had to mothball detente overseas. And after
Reagan‘s big primary win in Texas. Ford
couldn‘t even afford to sit in the Oval Office
between vetoes. He became a full-time cam-
paigncr.

Finally. if Ford loses as expected. we should
see several more months of lame-duck som-
nolcnce. at least until January l917. when a
new President is inaugurated.

Senior Sentiments

by Cary Scott Goldinger
It's that time of month again Wait a second.
let me explain. What i mean is that we‘ve been
here for exactly one month now. The proof is
the gradual fading of the tans. that everyone
tried to get the last week they were home. In
any case. Albany State students are suffering
from something that scientists have labekd
the ‘Four-Weekrintoths-Semester—Waitinr
for-the-Jew‘Ih-lioliday lines.” It seems to
happen around the same time every year.
similar to birthdays. Experts say that thisayn-
drome is not uncommon in our Northeastern
popaphical location. especially with til
SUNVA cl‘unate we all love so wed. Baprts
the extra-s cdd lube h h

August suddenly shifting to hot. himid
weather in September may also be con-
tributing to the mass rush to the "Island" for
some rest and relaxation. (And sleep. too)

For those of us who have been through this
before. it’s no big deal. We're more interested
in ﬁnding a comfortable slab of concrete in
front of tie fountains (preferably facing the
sun) to sit on and “bang out." After all. when
the cold Albany winter gets here. we'll have to
find someplace to “hang in”

“Hanging out (or in)‘ will soon be an extinct
pastiroe. Test time is here again. indicating
that midterms can't befar behind. it seems like
vat-relay l is. buying my books. (I think it

 

 

rigour...  I s '  
~ " .students arrested for protesting parking lot,

V ' Construction? in this the behavior‘we canes-

 no  expression other than
 .  . .
. . The Facts: that-students outlining

 from oil" uta'versity when students: ca
-. ' .r .1 . ~ . .

’slon to tear up the pair ahdtrees was 
i This. on our part vm inexcusable. but l’n‘t sure
.that those 3 others hadno‘valid tenants is
absent other than lots of work. I would,
however; question the ability of those students
to inﬂuence the working of the committee
had they been there anyway. The real decision
should have been made by the Colonial Quad
residents, since it was their immediate en-
vironment which would be affected. That was
the question that the environmental decisions
committee should have addressed itself to ; not
whether or not the lot should be built, but who
should be empowered to make the decision.

Whether or not the lot is really needed isthc
other question that must be answered. As an
off campus student who uses a car when the
weather prevents the from taking n-hicyclc, i
would answer an emphatic NO. Every time I
bring my car onto the campus I have been
forced to park in the rent isles ofthc lot and
walk the required distance to the podium. The
rcsult‘? I'm still alive, my heart is functioning.
my legs are still carrying my weight, my shoes
haven't worn thin. and I am late to class fre-
quently. bttt that is myfnult for not lcnvingmy
housc curly enough. There are sufficient pnrk-
ing facilities in the cxistinglots to give all com-
muting faculty nnd students a place to put
their cars,

The only reason for this lot being forced
upon us. is that what ever arm of the
bureaucracy is rcsponsibile for the building of
the lot. and further responsible for the arrest
of the students. is waiting for thc added in-
come which will be rolling in when the spaces

re rented to those lazy non-invalid people.

k

 

Now the country has not exactly fallen to
pieces during this three year non-Presidency.
Indeed. it has even broken out of a deep reces-
sion. and has forgotten about the travesties of
its last elected Chief Executive.

Most of the presidential candidates have
maligned the federal government us an inef-
f icient. bloated bureaucracy. in truth.
however. it is this bureaucracy which has kept
the country going in the absence of a strong
President.

Sure, cut down on the federal government,
but get rid of the icing. not the cake. Cut
away the superﬁcial Presidency. Heed the
words of the Jerry Browns and the Ronald
Reagons. who feel government is too big.

This summer. thousands of newspeople
were on the spot coveringthe nominatingcon-
ventions. There were more newspcoplc than
delegates. American's attention is obviously
directed to the wrong place. the useless
Presidency. Eliminate the Presidency, and let
our attention turn elsewhere, to matters of real
substance.

was yesterday). Somehow. after three years, I
tlunk l’ve become immune to tests. I mean.
l've taken all they can give me, their best shot
so to speak. and I'm still here (Why. I don't
know). For those of you who have never taken
a test at this university before. don't worry.
The onlysound advice I can give you is; always
the a “smart pen." I can't count the numberof
times my trusty Paper Mate has saved me on
some really tough exams. After all, my pen
writes down all the notes in class and un-
derlines the important readings. I think my
pen has a photograch memory. Anyway,
always remember . . . damn. my pen is run<
dug out of ink. Shit, I've got a test tomorrow.

  
   
 

.v . “plantation alreadyhas'their own pm. _ :
4» lettinfr‘ont oftlse podium. seems to have has i

 

virobinsotal Didslos'ICet'ntnittee. only! vs- '
‘mm " a” mm mm“. “mm”  ' . waiting out the winter. Secondly. we shoal

 

responsibletnen. honest andfonhright in I
convictions. I only hope that in the tuturc

who'll beo’nly willing to shell out the motley

. W Hyena concern for the residents oft ‘
unworthy: it is money that motivates "Rm.
‘ '- It was ﬁfth parking lot bureaucracy
however, that called the arrest; for that.t .

“motivated” a of this kind of student in
wringing-workings of the university. Th'
- healthy: tudem activity seems to be the on
kind that ever ﬁts any results.

I ' In the light of these irrests we should recon
sider. the building of the lot even if that men .

 

 

cor-ider the'option of inVesting these fundsi
alternate transportation in SUNY huge
-. which, thou‘gh'now terribly overburdened
could become. with the proper funding. usefu
to both faculty and students. Finally w
sho'uld take a University-wide vote: Faculty
students, and Administrators. to decide th
fate of our lot.

 
   

Si nccrcly
Kc tiny .‘\lllf0l

. . . paradise. . .

 
 
     
  

To the Editor:

In regard to a question raised in [In -\lhltny
Student Press of Tuesday. Scplcrnlwr 2|":
Worthwhile Try. liut Why?“ It tln- sltlll n1 lilt
ASP wanted to know why clt'vcn \lle’»
students were arrested. why \\lI.\It'|;luzll1c.\lc
student conlttctcd for his vicw'! l 1ch the man
reason for hcing urrcstcd was not in \ltlp lh
parking lot construction. but In llltntrnlc It
the administration the real dclcnnnnnnm
students have. and to insure thni lilt'll‘ rs sin
dent output in future administrntm- ticclhltllls

To quote the Director of l'hyucnl l’lnnt
FrnnkKopf, “This is a walking problem. not .
parking prohlcm." Evidence of Hits is n Un
ivcrsity Senate report that shows n It)"; pnrk
ingsurplus at all times. Thc U nivcrsily runlin-
this, and is condoning people who wnul
rather park illcgnlly than walk. by gn mg llic »
this parking lot ncur the podium, Il'\ nnl'or
tunutc the University ruilroudud lhlt‘. projct'
through without going through props
chunncls. before looking at possihlc ultc
natives presented by the students.

Bruce l’ln xcn

 andputup...

To the Editor:

thn i looked out of my tenth l'loortow
window this morning—l was greeted hyl
sight of three tractors. four trucks and tilt
bulldozers. They were in the midst ol'clunrln
a field. which for six days. students fro
Colonial Quad. myself included. illld hccltlr
ing to save. One final question must
nnswcrcd so that a protest which non-tlic-Ic
failed can rest in peace. thn countlcss a
ministrators told me. both on and (tilt
record. that the administration hurl nunlc
wrong decision to construct the lul. w’
wasn't this wrong righted'.’ Has the unwcrst
bureaucracy gone so far that it is impohilbit‘
right a wrong?

The university reaction to our prnpos'
and alternatives has placed both thc l’rrsulc
and the entire SUNY system in n mosl CI
barrusing situation. And the events nl lhcl
six days raise some important quesliullsii
ﬁrst ofwhich‘is how muchcun we give “"5 U
ivcrsity system? We must consider I’mnl
Fields‘ mission statement. section V” Her
D and E. providing the framework for slud
participation and input into UHIWF'
decisions. Where is that input? Must we I
that if a section of the mission statement
false. the entire document should undc
revision and re-cvaluation'.’ ‘

Throughout our communications with
administration. we dealt with rntionnl

  

   
 
  

  

  

            

\

\

 

 
 
  
      
 
 
    
   
 
 
    
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
 

   
      
  
 
      
    
   
   
    
  
      
    
       
        
    
    

  
   
   
    
   
  
 

 

Activities Day :

See Centerfol

 
     
      
   
 
 
    
         
  
       
     
       
        

 

 
  

   

   

   
   
  
 
  
 

 

“t

