 
   

 
  

  
   
    
 
 
   
   
 
  

.. “mfg...

 

that make people such as ourselves so interesting. It's a

 

We try our ‘ t to think ofv'normal people '
nobodies who lack all those curiota little pecula'rities

 

notion that doesn't workhﬂverybody has his own

to think of 'normal‘ as a fundion rather than as an
' evaluation or description. A normal person can be
plugged into any' situation. Normal people can be
substituted randomly for one another without hayinga
dramatic effect on the affairs of the entire world. That is
' not to say that when they interact the-result will
necessarily be dull. Once plugged into a situation. all
those little aberrations are free to link upin any number
of ways, setting off explosions of varying degrees of
intensity—some soft, some highly 'volatile
' The Invitation. A Swisslilm and a I973’Cannes prize
winner directed by Claude Coretta. studies these
unobtrusive explosions. A man‘s mother dies. He takes
a leave of absence and moves intothe palatial estate that

‘to a house-warming reception and hires a butler for the
day to run his party.- '
These are people who see each other every working
day, but somehow in the elegant, unfamiliar
'surroundinp under the catalytic, disquieting influence
of the butler and the exotic potions he whips upfor the
guests' refreshment. their inhibitions begin to fall away.

amplified. and the couplings and conﬂicts that restslt

  

  

with
Jeremy Rifkin

of the People’s

v

W

TOPIC— From King
George III, to ITT.
GM and Exxon

 
 
 
  
  
   

Come hear of the Second;
American Revolution 1'

Free w/tax 50‘ w/out

WWi‘ﬂﬂ

 

t pass 6A

- youns‘ secretai‘y

special quirks. So just maybe it'would make more set-e , r g ‘
‘ Even though they have allowed themselves to relax their

a he inherits. He invites his fellow workers from the office .

The odd traits that each exhibits in the ofﬁce become

M 
A RADICAL , =

BICENTEMVIAL
FROG

Bicentennial Commission  ﬁg 

Tuesday, March 23' '
8:00 p.m.’ '
LC—7'

  
  
  
 
 

 

 
 
  

   
       
   
      

 
 
    
  

somewhat inhi ted desires-of the others, as well) to
their natural cone on and strips in front of everyone.

  
 

    
  
  
  

 
 

 
   

     

normal societalan personal restraints considerably.
this. is going' 0 A light erupts over who is
responsible forstlt outrage. and the gentle host is
accidentally k ' _ I  out.” Accident or not, his
invitation is responsible .for combining this group of
people under these conditions, and it is he who. tacitly.
must‘take the blame. ' '

 

The last scene ‘a'ltows everyone back at the ofﬁce.
working away. Nothing has changed except that the
young secretary‘hasbeenvpulled out of her role and
another woman plugged-in. A normal one, presumably.
One who will ' t “ challenge the limits of the
conventional'and,". ,tdo'ing to. threaten to expose the
hypocrisy of 'all'ofatliem. '

"Goretta's mainstay-leeks“. entry to the Price
lnternational:ftlml'serie'st'lis-‘a subtle one. The story
evolves through ‘t etc so the direct comme nts he
allows himself,"s_uc eq tingaswarm of ﬂiesbuzzing
over a table 'of ' leftovers with the voracious
partiers, have 'a 'g'r r impact because of their rarity.
Goretta‘has been"  a chemist, and as one of
his characters notes-ids not what's inthe recipe but how
you rrtix it. Coretta mixes it with conﬁdent restraint.

   
 

  
 
   
   
    

         
   
 
 
  
 
  

 

' by con min" '

 
 

Please allow me to digress. For
months now I have been writing this
column and what's even more-
astonishing, signing my real name to
it. I have tried, in all sincerity to
stimulate a fresh outlook on the.

media, especially T.V..lf i am cor-

rectly interpretingthe feedback 1 get
from those of you who p've meyour
on-tthot criticisms. l have been
succeeding. However. there Is a
small facet of the column that has
been plaguing me every week since
its inception. It's title—Media
Madness.

The title was not my idea. It was
the sole creation of a concerned arts
editor who wanted to give the
column a catchy title to promote
readership. l appreciated this effort
and had her deported.

The title Media Madness (notice
that neat alliteration) is grossly mis-
leading. lt implies that all the media
around us is huge, uncontrollable
and nuts. it is not. A point that has
pervaded my column is one of viewer
control of his] her oWn medium. This
is the idea of consumer activism in

 

broadcasting. By raising the ﬂaws of
commercial television and supplying
you. on occasion. with addresses to
whom you can complain, hopefully

' you as the viewer and consumer will

ultimately demand more out of your

television, radio, newspaper and all v

related media.

Therefore, a contest shall be held.
The stakes—a newly released album
and the prestige of knowingthat you
have beenimtnortalized in print. The
contest—Name 1M: Column. You
may send in as many names as you
wish. Either use on campus mail and
address it to Media Madness
Memoriam (MMM). Albany Stu-
dent Press. Arts Editor, Campus
Center. Room 329 or stop by the
ASP ofﬁce. Room 329 and drop it in
the Arts Editor's mailbox. This can-
test is legitimate and also for real.
Contest ends Saturday, April 3rd
1976 and winners will be announced
inthe following Friday ASP. All en-
tries will bcj udged. Void to members
of my immediate family and anyone
who has ever seen me naked.

Tune in next week;

 

9:30 pm.

 

 

MEDEA ‘

EDWARD MENDUS

 

Albany State Cinema will present the show-
ing of the satirical and often hilarious film,
SMILE. on Sunday. March 21st. at 7:30 and

Starring Barbara Feldon and Bruce Dern,
SMILE is a fun movie; but beyond all the fun
and laughter the film projects sharp yet subtle
observations on false values andlillusions ram-
pant in our complascent middle class society.

 

" by, Steven Sinusitis;

 

 

 

John Gafl'tganttsr'a groundsman at SUNYA. He
sweeps thetunn'els, sweeps thelpodium. keeps the
fountains'clean, and ﬂies tothe Vatican City thrcetimes
a year. keeping his soul clean.

When he isn’t spending one out of every three dollars
he earns on ﬂights to Rome. he's roaming around
, Albany and Schenectady. attending both public and

private masses every day of the week.

“That's what] do. this is my life." says John. referring
to his religious practices.

“Everyday after work I go to mass. Tonight it's at St.
Vincents over on Madison Avenue. After that, to a
private mass. Many days I don't get home until 2 A. M.“

And threetimcs each year. forthe last ﬁve years. John
Gafﬁgan didn't get home for two weeks. These were the
times he attended mass at the Vatican.

“I like to go during Easter, Pentecost. and
Christmas." says John, “that‘s when I saw you (referring
to this reporter). last Christmas. walking along the
Vatican Wall.”

This reporter spent tWo weeks in Rome over
Christmas. and was spotted by John one day. while
walking by the Vatican.

“Did you see the Sistine Chapel?“ questioned John.
When I told him that I did. he said. “I've seen it too. but
only for two hours. I hope to see it again someday.“

John explained that even though he‘s been to Rome
15 times within the last 5 years. and plans to go this
Easter. he rarely gets a chance to visit thc Sistine
Chapel.

"They hold mass everyday from 9 A. M. until 1 PM

K These are the hours the Sistine Chapel is open. so it took

a few years before I got to visit it. One day mttss ended

early. and because it was Holy Year, the Sistine Chapel

stuycd open until 2 P.M.. so I ran over. and saw it for

' two hours. I hope to see it again someday.“
The ﬁrst time John Gaffigtln arrived in Rome. he had
" no place to stay. “I only had a few dollars in my pocket.“
’ John explained. "and went straight to the information

ofﬁce at the Vatican. They told me about a place for"

priests across the street from the Vatican. there were
vacunctes. so they took me in.”

Each year he returns to this lodging, paying $l0 per '

day for room. board. and laundry.

I_ asked John if ﬂying makes him nervous. and
whether he attributes successful. safe ﬂights to the skill
of mechanics and pilots. or to God.

“You need skillful mechanics and pilots“. he
answered. “working in cooperation. with a higher
cooperation. Skill's got no monopoly on safety. I still
say my prayers.“

He also sleeps on ﬂights. purposely neglecting to buy
movie headphones. Upon returning to Schenectady,
where he lives with his father. mother. and brother. he
continues attending local services. regretfully neglecting
local movie houses. T.V.. and literature.

“I don't have the time." John explains. "Studying
Latin, service books. Eastern rites. tcstaments. I don‘t
get at chance to read other books. I'd get fircdifldid.“

And he would. because the onlytimc he could read
“other books“ is duringthc day. when he's being paid to
sweep the tunnels. sweep the podium. and keep the
fountains clean.

“The last movies I saw were ‘Going My Way‘ with
Bing Crosby. and ‘Bclls of St. Mary's‘. They wore
alright.“ adds John.

When John Guffigun was younger, he spent four
years at St. Andrews Seminary in Rochester. studying
to become a priest. Hc ﬂunkcd out. spent two years in
the service. and then took on assorted mltintcnunccjobs
before landing his present job at SUNYA. eight years
ago.

I couldn’t do anything without the church.“ says
John. He still hopes to become a priest someday.

Whether John Guffigan achieves his goal. or remains
ll groundsmun at SUNYA for the rest of his life. he will
he doing essentially the some thing: ntttkingthis world a
cleaner place for us to dirty.

  
     

  
     

  

 

 
   

 

  
 
 

rorrlinucdfmm page JA
being fewer record’sales. less new
product being released, and an
overall reluctance for industry peo-
ple to sign new talent.
Nevertheless. this depressing
state of affairs is only a temporary
nadir in the overall musical cycle of
things. The dedicated rock and

' rollers are still out there. andthey are

still making their music from the
depths of their hearts and souls.
They are the ones who will usher in
the third generation of rock and roll.
They are the ones who can supply a
v new generation of listeners with ll
music that relates to thcir lives the
some way that the music of the Six-
ties affected ours. They arc the ones
who will supply the music industry
with the influx of new tttlcnt and
creativity so badly needed to bring
the life back into rock and roll.
These new bands will he the
product of the frustrations and tur-

John Gatllgao, groundaman  SO'NVA

 
 
 
 
 

Rack ’1: no" I

moil of what‘they‘ve absorbed and
livedthrough and comeout on top
of: the long nights playing in seedy
bars; on insensitive public‘s ig-
norancc of art: and the many hours
spent reﬁning and distilling their
craft with no guarantee that they‘ll
eventually be successful.

And when these new bands ﬁnally
get the breaks they so rightfully

deserve and come blasting out into'

the new down. they are goingto pack
one hull of a powerful punch. The in-
itial signs of lhis movement are
bcginningto mllkc thcirltppcurancc.
and a handful of newly important
bands have managed to get
themselves on record. Yet the best is
yet to come. and the music we‘ll be
hearing within the next few years will
shake us down and turn our heads
around like they‘ve never hccnturn-
ed before.

And llltll'x what rock and roll isilll
about.

 

 

 

PR€§€HT§...

.SPYS and

$1.25 without

Doors open at 7:30

mm (mm his mum
M'A‘S'H

follow 9m Ilulltwt MI! Milt to an mm Amt 10mm
H‘l‘by Dnulsdhr Stimulant

Will HUMMER ROBERI AllMAN RING URDN‘Eli. lt
flatlth MM lull! Um s, tattoo anal

Color by DE LUXEO PANAVISION’

MASH—8:00 PM
SPYS—10:15 PM

 

I ~-~~-~-PAG€ HALL ~
'RENNAL C|N€MA

(two for the price of one)

“ ‘M-A-S-ll’ IS rm: masr

8:00 PM

Page Hall AMERICAN WAR

Auditorium COMEDY SINCE
$50 with SOUND CAME
t“ ca"! IN Y’afxmsm

Enter on Western Avenue

5.6mm SUTHERLAND ELLIQTT GOULD TOM SKEREFIIT

 

41‘
OMGINAL BOUNDTHAGK RECORDING 0N COLUMIIIA RECORDS

 

MASH

 

 

LASAGNA,MEATBALL$,5AU5AC1E
mug or BEER,gobl¢r or WtNE,or ans/ow beverage.

'Tttaés-oAYaALLeYou-CA‘ ” N
EAT-lTALlAN-FEAS’I‘. $2.95.
Including “line or Beer.

   
   
 
  
   

El '7
M” at -,.:-,3",-e.-W.~
  Zinff-fgbvgﬁc &
M'Elllﬂll '  .9411;
IMMIWIJW H   _.
W -‘
Every Sunday, Monday& Tuesday
A Feast guaranteed tomugger +he imogt'nation,starh with our iomots
ANTIPASTO butter and followEd by heaping planes or 5? HETII,PIZ:ZA.

and Marta. And to its) it omnn icy

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 

‘ ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

"Judging hyll: lllrmturr Ilse People’s ﬂlrrnlr/mial C ummlttmult:      JEF 

l I h ll ['76 II he to r Illlfllt‘ltllllull I
.“.’&.?’i£.’.7..’..f ’.’.t'.’.’;’.’.'1... J. 7.13.1.2  usnca 11-21. tars TICKE'IS. s3.2.t 5
Willie" may trenuon/y mu erhﬂlﬂt‘lﬂlfl nut-[ml tnupluxjnuhr WED:  sum  q
People's Blrmlemu'ul (natal/titan."  2'30    m f

. a
Junlr: KIIpatrlrk—Nullonally Sim/tram! (‘uluumlu in": UNIVERSITY AT ALBANY E.
m v - Pantomime sins cams
(go-o . . . '
L wwaaomamasmsﬂuaas ARENA mama
MARCH 19, 1976

t

 

 

3: CH‘LDREN  under IO

2 served Sunde I’ZNoon to IlPM - Monday L‘fuaaday aPMts HPM

 Chei‘ Italia 

é Western M. otFutlechL
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 7A

:.v:x2.t".‘i ir'ltl'J .v i :'. if rlfsllllﬁt

.‘tii lii‘nil‘i

 

 

  
 

 

.7
’-r»- . . ..

 

 

~ «59% »...,.»-w-.As-

. v... frag, at,

 

