  
 
  

 
  
  
   

       

  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
    
 
  
 
  
   
  

r: ﬁar.

‘1,
i
i,

  
  
   
     
  
  

.._.._.»«.<.-.WWKM..~. “u .a ,. , 0 .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.‘ 

or: r V 
2105i. and today we are over 324.000;

  

you let people know how much you appreciate
their rosityl How do you inform others of

  

To :all these questions I answer, I don't

‘ know. To'the hundreds of people who worked

with us for the.th 12 months, i say thank
you. I =hope you felt the joy that was in our
hearts as we placed Saturday night, for it was -
our great} accomplishment.

My commendation and gratitude goes to
my staff, who put up with all the meetings. the
yelling, the late night phone calls, and who
gave us their all in makingthis year‘s telethon
an overwhelming success. In particular i wish
to thank Pat a Paul f orthcir brilliant perfor-
mance with stage crew, Karen. Craig, Debbie,
and Cliff, for a Children‘s Hour that made
history. Stu, Ellen, Ellen and Ellen for 'all
those beautiful numbers. Jerry. Sue and Jeff
for the great RR. work, Carolyn for 24 hours
of everything possible, Mitch for the “slugg-
ing" security, Fran and Tom for ﬁreside. Janet
and Howie for the greatest parade of talent,
Melinda and Kathy for l2 months of
everything possible. Maria for her midnight
painters, Susan and Jerry for the great
production. and Denny for always being
there.

Gail, you again proved to be an outstanding
and exceptional individual. We made it
through and accomplished our goal. Without
you. it would have never been done.

Lastly i wish to thank the children of
Wildwood and especially David for their un-
ending inspiration. Memories ofthose smiling
faces will stay with me forever.

i know i have learned much from this ex-
perience. i found there are still people who
care about other people, who are willing to
make sacriﬁces to help others in need and who
love because they want to. expecting nothing
in return. I saw Saturday night. that
something much more important than day-to
day problems. holds this university together.

Most .important was the message the
children had for us Saturday morning. They
showed that it was notthe greatness orthesize
of the gift that mattered. instead it was the lit-
tle things: the wink of an eye, an outstretched
hand. a waitingsmile. They came and radiated
an inner warmth that filled every heart there.
We too can share that same happiness by only
reaching out and touching the person next to

.. ﬁer

.— IWEUTTO 650

m 906 UlGilT Mill
q—

E‘é’spi‘i‘lils.

 

lT JONEP HY 166m
AU? 6 65 l TH

5
lie? pinata
PERSOU r

 

 

 

 

\
UIF

{a g
l (K

PAGE EIGHT

you say thank you for that? How do -

theancredible happiness that now fills you? . ,

  
    
   
 

“Spirit of Telethon". All of us , '
iversity are apart of this success and it is yo
the university, community that made it posst- .
ble. if' our effort canmake some change in
just one child‘ tfe. then we have achieved
something of utmost importance, we have '
helped. g , . ,

‘ From the bottom of my heart, i thank you

all and- hope we always “Look to the

Children”. ‘ A
' Edward T. Chadwick
Co-Chairman, Telethon ‘76 ’

financial investment

To the Editor:

I'd like to respond to the letter you publish-
ed (Tues. Mar. 23) written by Robert
Munderviile. He tries to make the people who
are ﬁghting the budget cuts at SUNY seem
foolish. He wants you to believe in reason and
morality and accept t he cuts. After all he states
“Have you compared this cost (tuition at
SUNY) to the expense of attending a private
institution.“

Frankly Mr. Mundervilie. l have. You‘re
right it is cheaper. But SlOO increase will un-
doubtedly cause a hardship for manystudcnts
who can no longer afford the tuition. As you
raise the tuition at a school you cut off that
school from the less fortunate sector of the
society. Can you deny these people education
on ﬁnancial grounds?

i can't agree with you that education is
cheap at SUNY. And  don‘t agree that our
government is doing its best to support our
educational system. Education is an invest-
ment in the young people, a price the State
should be proud to pay. i'd rather have mytax
dollars spent on education than on
“lulus” for politicians. Why is New York
States' tuition for public education so high on
a nationwide level?

i respect the 4,000 who marched to oppose
the cuts, for reason and morality dictate op-
position to the cuts. Financing education is a
complex problem, perhaps by educating our
youth today they will grow up to solve the
problem.

Lawrence M. Schwartz

ltlTHGM

mums M6 0

  

 

q
we may

Wight? iii TY CAME

2 gym: WW9. Wu?”

1 .
t-‘l altar/war W— .

bring‘hoine a pair of Frye I ’
array of footpar on display was mind boggl-
ing. Not only‘wer'e there Frye boots, but there
were earth shoes (not to-‘be confused with
nature'shoes, which they also had on hand).

« platforms, and clogs. along with a smattering

of Adidas. , I

' l jokineg suggested to Michele that we in-
vent antl market earth shoe Frye boots. She
pointed. i looked down. leouidn't believe it.
Right in front of my nose Were a pair of earth
shoe Frye boots. Next, laupposethey‘licome
out with platform Frye boots or even platform

, Adidas for short basketball players.

Anyway. the “normal” Frye boots came in
regular, tan or brown, as well as brown or tan
with a bicentennial motif carved into the
leather. The prices ranged from about ﬁfty
four dollars to about sixty eight dollars—
veritable bargains. Price. however, was no
hinderance to Michele‘s fierce determination
to own her own pair of Frye boots; for these
days, anybody who is anybody has to have a
pair.

Frye boots seemed to have developed some
sort of mystique about them. They have
become the shoe cobbler's Coors: the
Freihofer of footgear.

Since the demand for Frye boots has in-
creased so suddenly and so drastically the
manufacturers have not been-able to fill the
large demand. l have heard stories of people
paying exorbitant prices onthe black market
as well asthose of people drivento the brink of
insanity, who in theirdcspcratiomstoopso low
as to buy bootleg Fryes. it is even rumored
that shoe stores in France are stocked with a
Parisian version of the boots——Frcnch Fryes.

Not just anyone can get a pair of Frye boots.
One has to meet the challenge. and as Frye
fanatics will testify. the road to ownership is a
long and painful one. Michele accepted the
challenge. No mere pair of boots could defeat
her. She would show them who was boss.

Michele tried on her first Fryes. They
fought back hard. They were too tight.

“That's good.“ i told her. “They're supposed
to be too tight. That's how you knowthat they
ﬁt. They grow once you wear them in; or is it
when you wear them out. Anyway, if they

don‘t fit thenthey lit. lftheyfit thenthey don‘t ~

tit."

“But i can't even get them on,“ she com-
plained.

“All the better.“ i said. “They‘ll even be
more comfortable once you wear them out."

Despite my warnings that the boots were
supposed to be too tight. Michele insisted on
trying on more boots. The shoe salesman

I V HY
THE FELL OUT.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

@@

\lK

    
 
    
    
  

tingthe twelv‘eiincher. would beacopo‘ut. but
he would have 'no part of it. Michele, however.
wanted the taller ones and tried on more of

 

 
 

, those.

One pair was too loose. another ﬁt comfor-
tably, and still, another did not even come
close. It was getting dark and both of us began
to worry that our mothers were beginningto
worry‘ about us. Michele was not about to give

up. .

Finally, the salesman tookout the only pair
.of Frye boots in the store which Michele had
not tried on. Slowly, but ﬁrmly the right boot
made its way over her toes and past her ankle.
it stuck for a moment and continued its
journey upward. After some struggle, it gave
in and rested very snugly in its place. Praying
for more good luck, Michele lifted the left
boot and beganto slide it up over her foot. past
her ankle. and onto her calf. it rested there
comfortably.

in my eyes it looked a littletoo comfortable.
The right boot was tight ——j ust right—after all,
it was the right boot. Thclcft boot looked at us
both with the contempt of a ﬁghter on the
verge of victory. it was smug. it knew that it
had won the battle.

1 pleaded with Michele to forego her mis-
sion for now; to continue at a future date. i
had terrible visions of a sore left foot. all
blistered and bloodied. i did not want this fate

I to befall my friend's defenseless left foot. it

would certainly be a cruel and unusual punish-
ment.

l looked at Michele. she looked down. She
was a weary woman by now. 'i‘heflght with the
Frycs had taken its toll. She could not give up.
ltchver. To be defeated by the boots; how
could she explain? She would be disgraced.

She rationalized, "i‘m wearingthinsoeks. it
will be tight when i wear normal socks."

ltricd to change her mind, but to no thtlll.
She just had to do it. i understood.

Anyone want a slightly used pair of size 7%
Frye boots?

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sale right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Submit letters. TYPE W RI TTEN.
to: Editorial Pages Editor, Albany Stu-
dent Press, CC

329, I400 Washington
Avenue. Albany. NY 12222. The ASP
will not publish unsigned letters; names
will be withheld on request. Keep those
cards and letters coming in. but
remember:

'Brevity is the soul of wit.’

   
  

seesaw
up...

0M5.

 

MARCH 26, 1976

earth

far we not

\

_ continenllng an hlsSl'JS million plan to vaccinate every American agdinrt a deadly ﬂu vim;

 

President Ford,

  

 

M as spore we

  
  

REALK um

 
 
  
  

  

     

   
 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

 

 
  

 

 
 

     
  
  

 

  
  
 
 
  

 
 
  

     
  
  
     
    
   
    
 
   
   
     
    
     
     
     
      

 

 

focus

  

Farewell to SUNYA?

Walking around the campus. i‘vc scnscd an
irritation which \vnsjust barely at the level of
consciousness. What was it‘.’ it was something
which. perhaps, will seem trivial to others: the
fact that the name ofthis university is going
through atransition.l'rtnnthc“Statc Universi-
Iy at Albany.“ to simply the “University nl
Albany." little by little one notices thc name
being changed from the former to the latter.

Al a time of budget cuts by the state ul'lcc-
ting this university and other universities in
lltc State University system lhc dropping ot
the “and "state." whet hcr intended to or not
by people at this university. acts as an cllccti\ c
public relations job. For all intents and pur-
poses it gives the appearance of putting dis-
tance between the State of New York and this
institution. liy billingit merely asthc"||nivcr-
5in at Albany" it almost appears as it the
school is privately endowed.

“this image is successfully bestowed onlhc
universi: ).justification sets in for a wide range
of fee hikes over the next year, and succeeding
years. The state no longer has responsibility to
offer a low-cost college education to state
residents through the State Universitysystcm.
Right? Wrong! The state in no way should be
illlOch to wriggle out of its commitment to
the State University. especially at this point in
time.

At a time of ﬁnancial retrenchment all over
it seems more incumbent than ever upon the
State of New York to maintain quality public
education. The main reason for this is simple:
with the costs of private education ever in-
creasing higher education linds itself dealing
with a situation which existed some 40 years
"20. that is discriminative education based on
wealth? education only for those who can af-
ford it. We must not at this time. though. allow
the clock to be turned back on higher educa-
uon for all.

it should be remembered that for a vast
number of st udcnls a school ofthis lypc offers
“"3 only means to a college education. because

 

by David 'l‘rocger
this is thc only school that some people an al-
lord logolti. | houghthcrc are many licrc who
could bcnr lhc c\pctl.\c ot a private education
ii the) had to. there an. sonic \\lltljllsl could
not bear that burden. What happens to them
uhcn lccs urc ruiscd at the \iulc unhcrsllics'.’

l'rom nnothcr standpoint. that ol lucrnr)
sylnhtllisill. the term "l’niwrsny in Albany"
only conll‘ihtllcx ill ghingthc school it lnrthct'
vague and crtlol'lt‘ss itit‘lilll)’. i‘ndouhtcdly
\tc‘\c all at ltmcs had personal gripes uhotn
Illc physical construction of tlnsschool. lhcrc
I\ no tdcnlny to any ol thc htnldings: thc
lill)\lL's building looks likc lhc Business Ad-
illlliiNlltlliltll building looksllkcthc liducnlion
building. and so lorth. Why must thc \‘cty
tunnc ol iltc school lack any character? At least
by our association with the State oi New York
\vc hn\c more to hc proud ml and morclogttin.
What would the ('in ol Albany and the
rcstdcnls of Albany bc \ttllingto contribute to
this school‘,’ I

l-rnnliy. us a hit ol bureaucratic Irony ill a
tune ol’fimmcml cutbacks and belt tightening.
how much monc) tsit gorngtocost lhcunivcr-
c‘.’ Just think of all the

sit) to change its nnm
oI will have to order.

ncu sittllttllt‘l’) thc sclto
nml the new [hunt/to sugar pockets. and the
"State University ol New York at Albany"
pltlcclllillit. ()h! let‘s not forget the “Stale lin-
i\crsll\ ol New York in Albany" cafeteria
trays. The list is endless. Now isn‘t there a much
more satisfactory why of spending money
which is getting harder to find?

Perhaps ll was slated besl in a recent letter
to the editor front a strident who goes here.
(‘nlhcrinc llcnch: "This change in the name
sounds as if we are being cut from t he State. As
much as l dislikclhc bureaucracy ol‘tlte state. i
am proud to be part of the university system. i
do not carc how contcnicnl the new name Will
be. i do not want to be considered part of a
small "hick" private college. when lam part of
the impressive University system." I

i couldn't agree more. What do youtlunk‘.’

Milking suuv;  

The SUNY Board of Trustees approved a $l00 tuition hike and a S l00 room, hike

Wednesday. Early this month SUN YA found out it will lose about l.3 million dollars 

wonh of programs and services as a-result of the huge slices lopped out of the State
University budget. Thank you Governor Carey. Then. for a little while, it looked as
though SUNYA students might face yet another bike as FSA grappled with the State
Board of Audit and Control—a board hikc. V

Granted. New York State is in the midst of a severe ﬁnancial crisis. But exactly how
much does New York State think it can milk out of SU NY? Things are going up sofast
that it seems like the board ratejust Went down. Hats offto FSA for holdingtheline on

board for at least next year.
Spring Arrives

The sun returns to Albany and its warm glow fills the campus and the students on it.
No longer do alien automatons march from buildingto building. the down parkas arc
shed for clothing which better allows you to taste the environment. The Campus
Center stops being the in-bctween class mecca. everyone moves outsideto the podium.
because its easier to do nothing out there.

And the smiles also return. People stopped bringing them out when the weather
turned cold. but they are being removed frotn their winter storage, and people are
wearing them again. making the campus look all the better.

So spring arrives. And it’ll stay with us until the scmcstcrends. bringing warm sunny
days and a multitude of reasons to cut class with them. We‘ll leave Albany when it‘s
looking its prettiest. and return in the :ull to that same sunny l'ncc. Andjust when were
getting used to living in a climate where the weather is not your cncmy...ZAl’! lcy
winter whips through. And the smiles are hung up when the paran are taken out.

So enjoy Spring while it's here~

Errata

The story “State May Force Room Rent Hike" (ASP, tildl‘t'll 33) inaccurately
ng lcvclcd at FSA by the State liourd of Audit and Control
tsc in rootn rent for SUNYA students. FSA was actually
casing board rates (food service). Now FSA

reported that charges bci
might translate into an incrcz
considering offsetting the charges by incr
has said that there will definitely not be any board increase next year.

The editorial “A little older . . . But Not Much Wiser“ (ASP. March 23)
mistakenly cited Senate Majority Leader Warren Anderson as the individual who
arranged legal aid for the two CUNY students arrested during the March to
demonstration at the Capitol. The person responsible for this was Assembly Spcakcr

Stanley Sleingut.

 

 

é

l-Zintou IN rum .... ..
MANAGING union.
Nivvs sorrow...
Simon AssottAn. Ntws rntron
AssorIA'rt Mzws cottons ........ ..
I'lltli)ll(“[l()N MANAGER .... .. 
Assot'tA'rr rnooucrton MANAGEIIS 
EntrontAt. Hots rorrou...
Ann St rtAruass mtro
Sron'rs un‘rok 
AssoctAu sron'ts matron.
ADVERTISINGMANAGEIS ..... ..
AssocrArr onsarlsmo MANAGEa ..
(‘LAssmto-oaArrIn MANAGER...
Biomass "WAITI-

.\I.-l .S' Till/5.4 I) S TA FF

  
 
   
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
   

llzl’lII-CN i)'/.I.~<A~.-k.\
.. I’itNl'lzlt RAtunn
 ill-.rTv 5”le
.i)Avin WIN/.HJII-Kti
..... .. ANDllle llliltlllizitli. CrstInA HMTINIJ
 Lot'tsla MARKS
UN. in .\' Fists

 

 

 

 

..CARor. Mt‘l’ '

 

 

 

 NATHAN SALAsr
l. l’Iransoo
Jtauuv Alutust'nt. Lt- ZI't'KEnMAs
llﬁA ilIuNno

  

DANIEL O‘Connor:

 

 

 

 

_______—
xls‘slt‘ltltll managing editor: Phil Moller

xl.l’. and 7odiac News managers: Matthew Kaufman, Kim Sutton

Slut] It‘l‘llt't‘.)‘.' Susan Miller, Paul Roscnthnl

l’rt'vlt'u': Joyce Fcigenhaum

lit/ling accountant: Susan Dumrcs

Cotnpositiun ttutttugt-rr: Ellen lioiscn. Patrick McGlynn

zl.\'.rl.\lunl Io lllt.‘ editor: llecn Wciss

Ilt'tul Li'pt'rl: Leslie Eisenstein

I'rtltlilt‘llull.‘ Janet Adler. Patty Ahern. Sarah lilumenstuck. Carol liurger. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
llellner. Marge Hogarth. Vicki Kurtzmnn. Kathy Lam. Marc l.eve,'l'an'ta Levy. Michele Lipton.
Rich Mcrmelstein, Janet Meunier, Debbie Rieger. Joan Silverblatt

(imp/tics mututgt-r: Roberta Goldman

Circulation manager: Helene Lustgartcn

Illllllllﬂll’tllll‘t' assistant; Jcrclyn Kaye

Advertising production: Jeff Aronowitz, Kelly Kita. Brian Cahill, Anne Wren

Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press ls published every Tuesday and Friday during the school year except
holidays. Editor/III pollt‘y it the resporuibilit y of the Editor in Chief and subject to review by lltt‘
Masthead Slqlf. Main uﬂit'c: C C329; telephone: 45 7-8892. Funded by Slutlent Arrot'lau'on. Add-
res: mail to: Albany Student Press. CC 129. I400 Washington Avenue. Albany. N Y 12222.

 

 

 

  
     
 
 

 

   
  
 
 
      
  
  

 
 
 

     
 
   

 

 
  

 
 

 

  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  

 

 

 

 

 

