  
  
  
    

' comprehensible noises. andn'eolodsrns whose -

hooli produce graduates'wlio ire deficient ,

in“, mmmdiﬁimmw 'm' cone," rIiorIII) gen-cruel a subﬁantlal net income.

 
 
 
  

per sentence). “kinda”, mist-ed worth-in-

"amm' u ii Me'de “a “In.” W Theineress‘e in rentis clearl " ecessa f
.. r .I»  . - p I ynotn ry or
wmi'n" “d i M' an“ "6 “my “(the the’ purposes of meeting dormitory-related

same crimes against the lam!!! committed 09."..11“ mama, however. i' to help om_

  
   
  

 

’ g I . unspeciﬁc meanings vary from person to'per-
to‘ 15. “on ' . son and from year to year. Such speech is not
_ Afew decades us. III: mark ofaneducated ~ only difﬁcult: In times to understand. but is es-
pgnon w“ the “guys. my“ gnu." thetically offensive. If confrorled with the
language .' effectively. in both writing; and , ;It8t¢ment. “He is like a really nice guy." is one
lmkin. While lucidity or exprugion i. a ’to infer that the person in question is truly a

by those whom they are supposedly teaching.
Too many educators take lightly their respon-
sibility toyencourage the careful and critical

 

 

speech and understanding without which lear- '

ning is incomplete.
It is ironic that. in an age that has witnessed
a dramatic increase in college enrollment.

*come ﬁnancial shortages in the l‘Itcademic"

areas—that is. the part of the University which
services all students, not just the on-campus
residents. We (the on-campus students who
comprise less than 50% of the overall student
body) are therefore being forced to carry a
greater share of the burden of the decreased

' necessary condition for an enlightened. in- nice swmrmerelylikeoncin whichcase heir

" telligent individual. it is by no means suf-
ﬁcient. it. is. however. essential to the
meaningful communication of ideas generated
by education. an education that should be
coiuidered incomplete if verbal skills are left
undeveloped. If the University at Albany is in
any way typical of other “betterf‘ American
schools. our society is threatened with the
prospect of asurfeit of uneducated “educated”
people incapable of adequate expression and
the equally important critical attentiveness
necessary to fully comprehend what is said or
written to them (and. for that matter. done to
them).

like really puttinga good one over on all of us.

Carelessness in speech indicates morethan a
mere neglect of the language. It often reflects
one‘s image of the self and his or her concep-
tion of others. For instance. many students
refer to one another as “kids.” Those adults
who use this term either are unaware of its pe-
jorative meaning, or aaually consider
themselves. and those around them, perpetual
kids.

The blame for these attempts atthe destruc-
tion of our language does not. of course. licen-
tirely with the students. Cultural factors. as
well as educators. are also culpable. Such

  

emem

 
   

O
' “Us”
 .m'w , '\\,—, WV, b x 1"
car. m W M,“ Onsm— 4-tt ‘<3.§{“:" J " '
seems”. -' truss”. satanic 
WP “my   1tt€ c‘lbooﬂ £555. A
\  g t   k
a =

 

6 I ‘ the 40/; tater 10 IX '1 rues .
9°57 \ eﬁﬁgﬁfﬁsx chased “ii ; if.

 

   

students and educators are neglectingthe most , . , , .
~ - - - state a ro natrons than Is beIng earned by
"mm" “ml 0‘ leamns'lnd Gawazm peoplepzhopreceive equal beneﬁts from the

University. This is clearly unjust and ex-
ploitive.

We suggest that the students unite to ﬁght
the room increase. I think a possible course of
action could be a uniﬁed mass withholding of
the room deposits. The most efﬁcient means of
organizing the residents at this point would
probably be through the Quad Boards. We
hope that they can get the people together on
this issue quickly. Speed is imperative!

Sim Cha. T E L A spokesman

dormant arise

To the “tor: ,
We cannot keep silent about the continuing

and increasing unjustnessof the University

and Housing authorities. The Ten .Eyck

  
 
   

/
1’.

        

   

Con ’Common Sense’ Change Student Government?

by Brent KIM
8:00 COMMON SENSE (R)

 

'lihe opening of the l976 electoral season was greeted withthe premier of "Common Sense, "an
apparently ill-fated re-creation of l974's hit series. "The U S F ". This ambitious show. like its
predecessor. was produced and directed by Mr. David Coyne. who brings us the weeklycomedy.
“Central Council."

The U S F —-short for United Student Front—succumbed to a critical onslaught and was
cancelled within a few weeks of its inception. Two years later. Coyne has attempted to revivcthe
show. spruce it up with a bicentennial title (why “Common Sense"?: —-We're not soldiers or
sunshine patriots. says Coyne) and sell it to a new public. Unfortunately. this repeat appears to
be a failure even by the dismal standards of the original “Common Sense" is ﬁnished after one
episode.

The initial cast. headed by producer-director Coyne. numbers about 25. “Boss” Dan
O'Connell. playing the role of Temporary Chairperson. ironically remains in the shadows
through much of the performance. Of the rest. there is some question as to where the actual cast
ends and the audience begins (“ Are you an observer or a participant’l"—Oh yes.").The
preponderance of members of the S A troupe amongthe personnel gives the impression that
cast calls were not extended to the general public (though some of the responsibility must be
attributed to this journal's refusal to print a letter to the Editor announcing the troupe's
production). .

The plot is a bit far-fetched: a group of students attempt to install good government (“S A
blows as it is now." quips O'Connell) at a prestigious northeastern university by identifying and
taking a responsible stand on the issues and selecting candidates who will seriously address
them. The problem with fantasy of this sort is that. without special care. the thematic treatment
commonly tends to become ambiguous. Thus. individual reviewers regarding the directorial
approach to the same event came away with a suprisingly varied array of impressions. One
observer viewad the production as classical drama ("a real tragedy”). another as serio-comedy
(“it‘s not it total joke") and a third as a pure burlesque (“even more of a farcethan U S F").

“Common Sense" is set in LC l on the 23rd of March and is played in two acts.“Metaphysics"

and “the List."

“Metaphysics” involves a Coyne trademark: a round, robin ontological discussion of the

immortal question: why are we here? This seemingly introductory first act is really morethan a

PAGE TEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

mere attempt to define purpose and strategy; rather. it is a f ull-bodied cathartic experience. a
universal expression of the belief that Good will bedone. This act is blocked in standard fashion:
hero introduces the problem. supporting characters parley on internal merits and external faults
and achieve a general state of concensus. but a rebel arises to disturb the calm. The group turns
on the rebel in a struggle to re—articulate its sense of self-justiﬁcation and the drama ends as our
hero intervenes to subdue the rebel.

The rebel in this case is a relative unknown. a Miss Kathy Stark,who carries the banner of
Dutch Quad Board. Before Miss Stark bursts upon the scene. Coyne is the focus. moderating an
informal agreement to the effect that blame lies primarily with ASP biases and public apathy
The group decides speciﬁcally that the key is to bringthc issues to the candidates from the people
or from the candidates to the quad boards or to the people from S A or to SA from the quad
boards or fromthe people to the ASPortothequad boards fromthe candidates or from the ASP
to . . .
Suddenly. the spotlight is on the newcomer. Without actually disagreeing with anyone Miss
Stark has managed to contradict everyone. This is the magnificent power of the dialogue—
controvcrsy is created out of nothing

In a ﬂush. S A is on the defensive. under siege from Dutch Quad Board. The counterattack is
ﬁerce. The group draws into a circle about Miss Stark. who has now replaced Coyne as verbal
target. The conversation pingpongs between Stark and Coyne. Stark and O‘Connell. Stark and

Monroe. Stark and Gold. Eventually. the pursuit lags and all but the two top protagonists '

Coyne and Stark. withdraw. Act One draws to a close with an unexpected anticlimax Here in
one of the real weaknesses of the script: Coyne issues a fewsoothing words andthc battle is over
No resolution is achieved. The act simply dissolves. .

One of the few moments of levity was provided when David Gold. ever the Central
Councilman. sputtered. in a moment of Pavlovian frustration. “Form a committee!"

The second act depicts the formation of a list of issues relevant to the student. By now the
drama is over and the cost has begun to thin out. Director Coyne hus firm hold of the reins once
again and presides over the gathering of the issues. This is a tedious procedure but essential to
the theme. However. the stage is really beginning to empty. Collation ofthe iinues follows and
Coyne dIscusscs each one. As Coyne explains how crucial each issue is to every student one
person follows another out the door. In its bittersweet irony. the scene is quitetouching Ftriall
Coyne looks up. discovers the stage near dcsertion and realizes the show is over. . y,

APRIL 6, 1976

 

 

   
   

 
  
   

  
   

 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 

  

   

 

 

Where Are Women Running?

Both men and women are socialized to
accept or reject various roles. In many cases.
women are not told that certain roles are un-
availablve to them. They arejust never taught
to consider these roles as appropriate or
applicable.

And so it is with running for ofﬁce. Until
recently. a woman in government was a rare
sight. Yus. governmental offices are open to
women. are available to women. Certainly
years ago. and even now. it was harder for a
woman to be elected than her male counter-
part. Bnt there is a difference between losingus
a womanTbecause you are a woman—and
never even running. Fear of success? Well,
that's only part of it. The other side ofthc coin
is awareness.

But inparticular. the Albany State campus
is different. Past elections have in many cases
shown suppon for women. The problem is not
one of women running for office and losing; it
is one of not running.

Why don't women get involved in student
government? That's a hard question to
answer. It is probablyn bit simplisticto say -
they just don't think of it. But after much
thought, that is the most conceivable answer.
To say that women couldn't be bothered with
the hassles does not explain why mcnare
masochists. And women in college are not
“tied down" to caring for a familyus ofyet. As
students. women are certainlyjust as qualified
as men. No. theyjust don't think of it.

And what isthere to get involved in? Brieﬂy.
very brieﬂy there are three branches of st udcnt
government -—some are elected positions while
others are not. The executive branch is headed
by S A President. Vice President and Comp-
troller. The -legislative branch includes

" by Elle Axelroth

_g__.__,_..__————————————-.--
Elia /l.\‘t‘/r()Ill is a member of Central Council.

 

representatives from all the quads and com-
muters to Central Council. This branch is
responsible for apportionment of student tax
money. helping to meet the needs of st udcnts.
and acting asthc voice ofstudcnts onthis cam-
pus. This is done through the main body of
Council and a plethora of committees. The
third branch of student government is the
judicial branch. which is the Supreme Court.

In terms ofthc universitythereis University
Senate and its committees. made up of
students and faculty. whose function it is to set
academic as well as non-academic policy for
the university. Other positions include class
offices. University Council. various ad hoc
committees of the university and others.

Now the question is why runfor office or get
involved at all? The issues involved speak to an
entire range of concerns including budgetary
priorities. c.g.. athletics. academics. mass-
programming. ctc.. afﬁrmative action. SASU.
Mohawk Tower. political stances and more
specific issues. c.g.. lighting on campus. park-
ing. food co—op, etc.

Minority groups are always clamoring for
more autonomy. more self-control. But the
solution is It very direct one. The support is
therefor women. as well Its minoritygroups in
student elections. It doesn't necessitates coali-
tion or even intense campaigning. And once in
office the gains are immediate. some being
visible while others not so clear.

Women ~~consider running for ofﬁce. Not
because women per so need a vote. Run
because it is an option opcnto everyone. And
the perspective of different types of people
Inwnys presents It more balanced and
c uitnblc solution.

 

which programs would continue to exist ’at this institution and
eliminated. there seemed little for those affected to do but start
departments. however. felt they had options; ' '

Italian and Puerto Rican Studies have. each in its os‘vn way. optedt'o tryto save what ,
has been cut. For ltalian. this means the entire B.A. and MA. programs. For Puerto r
Rican Studies. this means one faculty line. Comparing the methods of the two 2;

departments shows much about how the departments feel about themselves and how
power and politics can be used in our society. ’

ltalian Studies will be rcinstituted at SUNYA’if the legislature passes the chapters 7

amendments bill presently on the ﬂoor of both houses at the capitol. The money for
Italian is there due tothe inﬂuence of Senate Finance ChairmanJohn Marchi. Speaker
Pro Temp of the Assembly Louis DiSalvio and Senator Ralph Marino. These
legislators have one thing in common: they are all of ltalian descent.

The Italian program‘s money is attached to the chapters amendments bill. a
collection of favors for various legislators in the form of additional funding.

Regardless of claims to the contrary by SUNYA‘s ltalian department. ltalian
legislators have acted to save ltalian because they themselves are ltalian. Assemblyman
DiSalvio has said these legislators “resented” the cuts in Italian and were under the
impression that ltalian had been singled out. After a gathering with members of
Albany's ltalian community and President Fields. ‘It should have been clear that the
cuts in Italian were in no way inconsistent with the criteria and standards set down
within the university.

But it is ludicrous to complain ifthe university will get some money back. Nor would
it make sense for President Fields to complain if the legislators voted to pay for waiter
service in the cafeterias. yet he must be wondering if the state really wants to be the
judge of priorities for funds at a university center.

Of course, it is possible that Fields purposely cut ltalian. knowingthat it would be
returned by the legislature. More likely. however. is that Fields and the Task Force
honestly prepared a way to shape the university in the face of financial pressure, and
honestly believed that ltalian‘s low enrollments meant it was not serving students and
thus should be cut.

Puerto Rican Studies. on the other hand. could not find powerful friends on Capitol
Hill. It is an unusual and thus significant department. created a few years back after
Puerto Rican students had argued and pressured the administration to institute the
program. Puerto Rican Studies was lucky. it. like many programs in the university.
was only weakened by the recent decisions. it was not destroyed.

The tactics ofthe Puerto Rican Studies Department and its students included taking
over President Fields‘ office last week. Their goal was to have their faculty line
returned. The implications of this goal did not endear them to the rest ofthe university
community: “Puerto Rican Studies is more important than any other program onthis
campus. Take money away from them and give it to us."

Surely taking over Fields‘ ofﬁce wonthem no sympathy. Fields has no secret supply
of money. Some other department or service in the university would have to suffer of
Puerto Rican Studies gained back its line. and since those decisions are very difficult
Puerto Rican Studies would be much better offfinding areas wherethey believe money
is wasted at SUNYA and bringing it to the administration's attention.

 

 

ﬂit

STEPHEN DZlNANKA
MANAGING sorroa SPENCER‘RAGGIO
News smm- DAVID WIsttnsao

AssoctArs News surroas .................................... .. ANDasA Hsazaarto. CYNTHIA HACINLI

MASTHEAD STAFF

 

EuIroa IN CIlIIF

 

 

 

 

Plonucnou mun-n LOUISE-MARKS
A’ssoctAn raonucrtoN MANAGns ................ .. ...CAa0L McPIIsason. ELLEN FINa
EDITOIIAI. Mars lnl’l‘nl KEN WAx

 

Aarslt "Artists sorroas ...................................... ..NAOMI FatsoLANDsa. Stewart EISENMAN
Sroars cotton NATHAN SALANr

AssocrA-rs sroars sonn- MICHAEL PstAast
A - "AM-r Jasrtv Alsascttr. Lrs ZucrtsaMAN

Assocurs onnrtsrno MANAosa ........................................ ..‘ .................... ..LIsA BIUNDo
CLAssIrIIoGaArrm mm"- KeNNIrrII Cola
Business Iunun- DANIEL O'CONNOR

 

 

 

 

Assistant managing editor: Phil Molter

Comntunicalt’oru Director: Betty Stein

AJ’. and Zodiac New: managers: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Stofj‘writrrs: Susan Miller. Paul Rosenthnl

Preview: Joyce Feigenbaum

[ill/I'm."ut't'ottttmrtl: Susan Domrcs

('olttpo.i'ill0lt managers: Ellen Bnisen. l’utrick McGlynn

llt'ttd I_I'pi.rl.' Leslie Eisenstein

Production: Janet Adler. l‘utty Ahern. Sarah Blumenstock. Carol Burger. Joan Elisworth.Judi
Heltncr. Marge Hogarth. Vicki Kurtzmun. Kathy Lam. Marc Leve. Tania Levy. Michele Lipton.
Rich Mertnelstcin, Janet Meunier. Debbie Ricger. Joan Silverhlatt

(imp/tics manager: Roberta Goldman

Circulation manager: llelene Lustgnrtcn

Adntt'rt'ttrtttlw turtrtanl; Jerelyn Kaye

Advertising production: Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kita. Brian Cahili. Anne Wren

Photograph y: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of CameraClub

’I‘In' Albany Student Press is published every Titerdtty and Frlday during the school year except
ltnI/dttys. Editorial [)tlllt'J‘ is the rcr/torut'bt’lt'ty of the Editor in Chief attrlsubject to rev/cw by the
Mutt/wad Std/f. Main ofﬁce: CCJJU; lt'lt'pllutlt'.‘ 457-8802. Funded by Student Arsorlatlort Ad»
dross mall to: Albany Student I’rt’st‘. CC 329. I400 Washington Avenue. Albany, N Y [2222.

 

 

 

 
   
       

    
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
      
  

 
 

   
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 

 
 
  

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

