   
  
   
    
    

     
   
   

-~aquew~u._.~.a. x ~_

 
 
 

 

‘l'otliiﬂor: L -

stiidéni's'. faculty and staff of this university ex-
actlywl'utvthe UniVersity Senate does.

' Silweldo nothing. - 1

t_ Nottthaf we don‘tWorkhard at it mind you.

' The Senate has a list'of committees and sub-
« committees as long as your arm. and it is only

through the cohesiVe actions of these branches
that" nothing is accomplished. And ac-‘
complished smoothly and with minimal abra-
sion betwecnthe branches. '

r Non-production is a science here'at Univer-
sity Senate. one which we've mastered quite
well. as can he testified by our many years of
doing nothing for the students. faculty and
staff of this school. Nothingdoesn‘t happen by
chance. you know. We have our meetings in a
room set up for lectures. not discussion. our
meetings always end promptly at 5 o’clock.

' This is a fail safe device to abort any construc-

tive work we may have inadvertantly done by
postponing it to next month‘s meeting. in
effect. where previous discitssion will be
forgotten and consequently repeated.

The University Senate exists to make
recommendations to the President which he
can make into paper airplanes if he wishes.
The President. for whatever his little heart
desires. can ignore any and all of the
suggestions we spend hours upon hours not
producing. We know we're impotent. but we
don't have to worry about making mistakes.
Mistakes which would hurt you. a member of
our University family.

We‘re proud of our charge. and we vow to
do our best to continue to provide nothingto
you. your colleagues. and the university com-
munity.

The Executive Committee

this writer sucks

To the Editor:

Hello. How are you? I am fine. Wish you
were here. Can I call youjust "the editor“ in-
stead of “Letter to the Editor?" Do your close
friends call you "letter" for short?

Many people writelettersto you. but nobody
seems to ask about you. Why is that? Is it
because you only print the “good stuff‘"! Or is
it because you don‘t really exist? Do you? You
can tell me. I'm your friend.

I bet you don‘t believe me. I bet you won‘t
even read this letter! I bet you don't even ('llrt'
about us letter-writers!!! And after all I've
done for youll Well. if that's the way you feel
about it. screw youll I mean whothe hell dou
you think you are anyway?! Why should I
waste my time writing to you'll

No wonder nobody asks about you. you big
palooka. That‘s right “palooksl” How‘s that
for strong language?

I dare you to print this letter you S.O.Il.
And Chuck you. too. Farley.

Love.
N. Ed Mirer

second letter

To the Editor -

Personally speaking. I feel that the
criticism of the task force has been much too
harsh. If the students and faculty wouldjust
take a deep breath and sit down to read it
thoroughly. perhaps then the gist of the text
would be clear.

Taking into consideration our present
economic woes. I believe the task force should
be praised for not eliminating any faculty
positions. The idea of lines beingtaltcn off the
payroll instead of teachers is a stroke of
genius. The advantages of a f all staff far out-
Weighs the disadvantages of a few missing
lines.

Naturally. parking will be a bit confused as
will crowds going to theatre productions and

PAGE 6K

Withthisletterlwouldliketoexplaintothe  

Philip sirotlifn
. ,_ Vice President

I  to sender V I

To the Editor:

In these times of across the board budgetary
cutbacks. I would like now to sound off about
a particular maintainance practice that is
draining our tax dollars. I am referingto the
wasteful use of human energy and public
moneys in employing a man to take water.

_ Every day as I walk through the tunnels

leading to'the bookstore. I see the same man
using'a steel garden rake. dilligently rakingthe
walkway until it is thoroughly dry. This is
deplorable. Anybody knows you only use a
plastic rake to pick up water. '

Nate Plankton

don't read this letter

To the Editor:‘

I would like to comment on an article of
news appearing in the last issue of the ASP
(Friday. April 2) on a resolution passed by
Central Council in their meetingthat week. I
Would like to applaud the Council and es-
pecially the individual member who in-
troduced the bill as speaking for-the students.
Finally. we the students have a voice on Cen-
tral Council who speaks for us. the students.
His name is Jay Miller and he is a Dutch Quad
representative. but every one of us can turn to
him to crusade on our behalf.

His logic is simple but clear. “It‘s not fair."
says Miller. and the Council is made to realize
yet- another injustice whichxhas-cxisted un-
noticed. right under lhﬂiﬂlﬁ'ﬂimnuﬂll Jay
pointed it out. Such was the casein his latest
bill.

Rationalizing that it‘s just not fair that
teachers often give SUNYA students grades
which hinder their acceptance to graduate
schools and law schools. Jay Miller took the
commendable step of r “’ g a
resolultion of this injustice. “Change the
grading policy." he demanded. “from A-E
grading to an A-B system."

His logic astounds. Astuter pointing out
the obvious fact that students with high grades
are more likely to receive good jobs or grad-
school acceptances. Millerjoincd this thought
with the basic truth that our college should do
its best to insure that its graduates attain the
highest possible place in our society as a result
of their college years. The result was a Bill that
Central Council. the representative voice of
the students. judged wise and correct as they
overwhelmineg supported it.

I. for one. agree with the sentiments ofthat
bill. Affording teachers a choice of grading a
student either A or B will greatly boost
SUNYA students‘ indexes. and will
simultaneously upgrade SUNYA's reputation
as a producer of superior graduates.

.lay Miller

first letter

To the Editor:

While all of us have read. heard. or talked
about the recent Presidential Task Force and
its recommendations. most of what we have
been reading. hearing. or talking about has
been of a negative nature. What I‘d like to
mention are the puritive aspects of those
recommendations. and their beneficial effects.

New York State is currently in a terrible
ﬁnancial situation. and the only way to
navigate through it. and remain solvent. is to
cut out costs. What we‘ve got are a bunch os
suggestions which will. in the long run. make
this a better State—and thereby help to make
a better country. Not destructive education
cuts, but patriotic public stabilizing.

Obviously. many of the comments people

    

    
 
 

i. VWith many students leaving-for gree

crue. ,

 

   

pastures as their majors are droppe . therest
of us can qualitatively improve our positions
wihtin the Unviersity. As per our schools mot-
to. our newfocus will be on quality not quanti-
ty. This will enable the school to reduce the
faculty advisor/student‘ ratio. while main-
taining the centrality of our mission of
academia.

All of this leaves unmentioned the personal
beneﬁts which will result. Released from their
academic chores. faculty members will have
more time for the kids and family. thus renew-
ing old ties. Students who are thrust into a
"real world” situation shall have the advan-
tage of getting a first hand workingexperience
as.a productive member of oui sociéty.

All told. it appears that we at SUNYA
should reconsider some of the overly harsh
and critical language spouted in recent weeks.
Instead of picking up the chorus sung by a few
hard core malcontents. We should realize the
benefits of the Task Force's recommen-
dations. and thank them.

Michael Kauftnan

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

just skim this one

To the Editor:

In reference to your sexist ad for editor-in-
chief. on page 3 of this issue. the women of
SUNYA have but one comment:

THE ONLY TIME YOU GUYS EVER GET
IT UP IS WHEN YOU PUT THE PAPER
TO BED!

And Rcars Fall Hurts Her
Sin Hot-Ass—Lcc
Easy Mark
I like this
letter the best

To the Editor:
This letter is to announcethc creation ofthe
Emmett B. Fields Fan Club.

 

All About JAT

w . ‘tti whdithltpuniver-

' h hewants,
>We like his
7 militia. and all the
_ e in'g to‘our President

 
 

Folds i" g ‘“ a 
» Full-color photos. a regular magazine. a
signed Task Force report. a "Wide-Open
new button. and tours of his Presidential
Suite and home are available to members of
our club. .
We LOVE EMMETI'II Join our club.
Beatrice and Chester

this one‘come
postage due

To the Editor: . . g I

l wnsjust thinking—what do you do if you
don't get enough letters to fill the page? Every
issue of the paper has a letters page. what
happens if nobody writes in any particular
Week?

A particularly awkward predicament. as
any other editor ofthe paper can write another
story to use to fill a void. But the letters editor.
well. is it ethical for an editor to write a letter
to himself? Quite possibly theletter may slant
an issue. giving an illusion of student senti-
ment when there is only journalistic interest.
It would be a case of the press misrepresenting
public opinion. something I imagine your
paper would not want to do.

Similarly. asking someone who is not onthc
staff to hastily write a letter is also wrong. as
they know that their letter will be guaranteed
print. and be excused from the usual scrutiny
and deliberation on which letters merit
publication.

So what does the letters editor do“! Clearly it
would be unethical to write a letter and offer it
as public opinion when it is editorial in nature.
And it is of questionable ethics to instruct or
specifically as someone to write one. So if not
enough letters show up in the mails. and
deadline has past. what do you ,do‘.’

May I suggest that the editor write a non-
controvcrsial. uninformative letter asking
what is done when there are not enough letters
to fill the letters page. and use it as u fil_I5r.

John Doe

  

cost 5 or In I

 

by Ken wax——

Look. its four in the morning. I‘m verytired. and l want none ofthisanyway.so I think I‘ll tell
you that I‘m not going to write anything for this stupid “Kick in the ASP" issue.

First off. there area lot ofthings I could be doingright now instead of writinga stupid article. I
could be talking with my saltshaker. my pen. or any other of the inatimatc objects I'm always
fighting with. Yes. yes. l have a lot of friends come over some time and watch me have an

argucment with my shoe.

And if Ijm cvcr tired oftalking to all my little friends. lean always strike up a chat with god.
Yup. I sure do have a busy. busy day. Walkingaround talkingto rocks and swearing I know God

personally.

Butll couldfind the time to do this article if I really wanted to. In no time ﬂat I could whip off
an article about why you shouldn't study too hard. And you lazy punks. who‘ll jump at any
rationalization for your fucking off, will love it.

Or maybe its sex you’d like. Sure you would. you horny bastards. You sure do love to read
about sex. All I'd have to do would be throw together a couple of tit jokes. impotencejokcs.
“come” double cntendrcs. and a few dirty words and you‘d be satisfied. But you'll have to get
your rocks off some other way. I'm not putting out for you today. I got a headache.

Remember the dirty dish ghost? Well he‘s another one of my many friends, This here looney
talks to pens. God. saltshukers. and ghosts. And you. in your infinite wisdom. waste your time
reading what he says to them. Want me to talk about the dirty car wizard? A pimple witch? A
vomit demon? ‘How about a few column inches devoted to landlords and all the wonderful
escapades we fun-loving college students pull off as we cheat these people and deface the
premises they loan to us. You'd lch to read that as you put your cigarette out on the table top.

wouldn't you. you repulsive slob?

. Well. buddy. you won't read it'hcre. 'Cuuse I‘m not typing it. You see. I already knowthose
tqu‘yqukcls. ,Tt; st;l d‘oznhapdratnstakinglytypethem out onto paper would be a waste oftimc.
Kl m m ta 1a a a (1 am . I just told myself a funnier ' k ' '
Hehclicheheheheheheheh. Whew. that was a funny one ’0 C than I m lypmg w you.
And why should I do this anyway? I'm not gettin " ' '
g paid fortt. l alread knowthe funn lines.
and when was the last time you sat down and wrote me something tuiiny? Huh? y

Never.

In the past two and a half years how many time have '

_ ‘ . you taken the time to share a funny
thought With me? thpo. Zero. Not once. It Would take how long—five minutes? But no. you
haven had five lousy minutes In the past two and a half years for me. And for ingrates like you.
my editor expects me to sit up late concocting some sort of stupid parody of my column?

No chance.

KICK IN THE ASP

APRIL FOOLS

  
  

 
 

  

 
  

sins
’ Sign “30“”

 

‘Sorry,

ni ti on e ever read. Really Inhabit; daffy I, A: ,
r' ' - ' ‘ - Woodr'gtlien...

\ . ¥ » j l ' 'V' .
rho, hechnore to recite this issue's Quote of the Day so loud. "

Bulge had to tit—aka“ ore cit—s...

 

 

     
   
   

         
    
 
   
    

as
Politics and Everything

Despite the recent victories of President
Ford in the spring primaries. United States
foreign policy has come under increasing
criticism from both within. and without. the
country. True to his predictions. George
Gallup has accurately formulated the current
statusof issue perceptions among Americans
as correlated with political affiliation.

Just as 48.734% of those surveyed (in a con-
trolled questionnaire asked in a five-county
region of the Midwest. among non-affiliated-
independent-votors. and small farm owners)
felt that they would support any Administra-
tion action designed to coerce Mid-Eastern oil
producers to furnish American interests with
fuel at a discount of 29% or more. 76.50; con-
currcd only when the discount level was ad—
justed for inflation.

Naturally. these figures are open to further
investigation and analysis. but arty interpreta-
tion will still havcto account forlhc extremely
median number which was reached. What
does this mean for our country. its future
course of foreign policy. and its stance on the
decisive issues we face before us?

Well. first off. lets recall the astute words ol
that great military leader. General Douglas
MacArthur. During the first of the Japanese
assaults upon the Phillipines. where he was
stationed. MacArthur said. “Don‘t panic.
don't freeze. and don't lose your wits you‘ll
need them now the most". It‘s time we all
reviewed what t he great man said. and stopped
doing so with a grain of salt. Because he also
Said. "The Marianas arc the keyto victory-as

I Sambiantalis Island goes. so goes the country.

ObV'IOUBly. a man like MacArthur wasn‘t
just talking out of his hat. He was well aware
of the fine line of distinction our allies. worried
about their survival in an uncertain. unfriend-
ly world. held up when surveying American
foreisn policy statements. On the one hand.
we must maintain Working relationships with

 

 by X. Citing .
most of t he world‘s constituency- if onlyto be
able to influence other nations‘ external ac—
tions in regards to our own (although those
few Nco-Clauswitxian strategists who fear ar-
mugeddon via waylaid brinksmanship may
say otherwise we‘ll deal with them next
week). Conversely. we must strive to bc
pcrccived by our competitors in international
big power diplomacy as ready and willing. at a
moments notice to blow them the fuck off the
planet.

As you cart imagine. this dichotomy of im-
age is difficult It) attain.

Naturally. this basic problem is difficult for
politicians to cope with (not to mention un—
derstand). llut. in their quest for votes and vic-
tory. they must heed the people's will. For ex-
ample. before the New Hampshire primary.
vou couldn‘t get a plastic penny lor a Mo
lltlnll button . . . now.c\ct'y candidate tries
on a stove-pipe but before throwing in his.

And check out those tell-tale eating habits.
Used to be that folks would have Chinese food
maybe once every wcck or two say. on a Fri-
day or Saturday night out. or with the family
on Sunday. These days. our present stance on
world issues can be deduced from the fact that
politicians (lrt' eating more Chinese/tun]. The
thawing of our relationship with Red China is
evidence enough ol'tltis statistical correlation.
and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah.

lly way of additional analysis. we can deter-
mine that blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.

Furthermore. blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah, and so. in conclusion. it may be
said that. " Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah . . . blah blah
bluhevublah bluhl"

What do you think?

u w»- -. Wrwqumwcwwm-u ..

 

   
 
 
  
  
 

The clamour surrounding Presidsent Fields“ budget cuts. has yet o u

strength of the protests should make our President consider re-evaluating his decisions

of the past few wee ks. With so many important questions answered in soshort a period » _’

of time. the possibility exists that a few errors injudgement may have been made. A-re-_
analysis Would serve to point out any such mistakes and would add strength to the
decisions finally reached. ‘ ' L

Mission has often been mentioned by President Fields when he has explained the

r budgetary cuts. and his philosophy has been to drop or cut back programs which are.

not in sync with the our university's mission. As our school motto so proudly states.
“Let each become all they are capable of being.“ This is our university‘s mission. and
compliance with it should be focal when factors are weighed and decisions made
concerning program cutbacks. ‘

In most cases the motto‘s message has been followed by President Fields.

Nobody likes to have students. fighting forthe courses they love and believein. take
over buildings and offices. But President Fields had to sit back and ask the hard
question: “Does this program‘s existence help achieve our mission?“ The Puerto Rican
Studies department does not. Regardless of how many courses a person takes in Puerto
Rican studies. there is no chance that this person will become Puerto Rican. The fact is

that people are not capable of becoming Puerto Rican. and there is no place for

programs divergent from our mission to thrive at SUNYA.
Similarly. the Classics department has .justifiablv been cut. Despite the years

this program has leached funds and resources from our school. not one ofits graduates
have gone on to write even one classic novel. None ever became classic authors.

These decisions are not popular. They can‘t be when money is involved. But they
have to be made. While there has been quite an uproar about English department cuts.

the fact remains that just about everybody on this campus can already speak English.

No case can be made for supporting english teachers when everybody already knons .

english.

Speech Pathology is another department to raise its voice against its dissection. liut

they have little to lean on for support. The program is not helping anybody become
anything. Throughout the program‘s history. few if any speech path majors have
developed lisps. cleft palates or cases of stuttering. The question begs asking: “Well.
what are they teaching.them‘l“ And the Task Force asked it. The answer came back
with perfecttvdicti'on'.‘ "1  “Hi  . .l . "

As mentioned above. not all the Task Force cuts were correct. And it‘s possible that

some were downright wrong. The key is re-evaluation. and the guide to that analysis
should be out university‘s famous motto.

It is our mission. our mission guides us. and to our mission we serve.

 

Ill ESSEI) U I’ 5 TA SI I

 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
   

'I'III..\‘ "SlllllllzltD" l)SI:l)t\K’t
I’lzNSH‘h Ric.

Ilnn Itl'Mt'
MI ..................................... ..

 

IMPonnN‘ rxronrmo MAN ................ .. . l'rtr \VI\'/.
Ass l.l)l'l(tlth. ............. .. .Axn III «as r \u lll an urn. Sn lIot-Ass—IJJ;
 East Mink

Pluto \lr\.\A(rHl....

()Inr:rt I-aoos
lint roam rams
Wants AM) HIM Ills ,.
“MI in rm t.~..

Strum I
Mosn' \ll\..

Alma
(iatss \IAN...
lil'sr .\Ir\l\M.Hl....

.,l \tt's Sm. I‘m 'l‘t.l.1.i\‘
....... ..K|s W o KNI)II.\III§III\\
'o l-qut I.\\m\o. Sll:\l. litl»

............ .. ‘ l\"l NAII
MI(‘II:\l:l. I’lzllZSKthlRKSIl:
run [I t‘KHtMAN. Lt-s ALIIIIlit‘II'l
 l.I:A5T lNlel-INDH

................. .. . Dixsv ()‘Cori-MAN

.S‘ptrmml Alli’fltlf.‘ ('Iu'tIt-r ('tItlI/tlilllm

(ﬁrst Mun: Molten l‘hil

.".' llctttrice lloop

ll]lt‘.\.' Mack and Coughman. Prim llutton

Sit/l lVrlIt'l'.\.' ('nuisin‘ l‘iller. I’oor Rosenlhal

SIth l’mr: .on to lie l’hem Down

llu/Ijt'ng Accountant: Choosing Downers

(‘mnpml illtmugt'n: Ii. l’oisen. Kevin llig(irinn

Iltttnp'i .'l.l.i.' I‘delwcrs

[for]; Twit”. lee Sloan

'l‘lu- I’rtM.‘ ‘ludler. Aheru-lleehern. Sarah Illume-ln-lovc. Carull‘s Burgers. Joan for what it's
worth. .ludl Iliglncncr. Flowchartll. 'l‘ickly Wosefnn. Kathy-on-thc—lam. Marc Deceives. Tania
Relieves. Michele‘s 'l'ea. Orson llean. Murmur. Tiger. Goldblot

(jrttphtt' Mung/er: Silverlndy

Circling: Lusting at the Garden

Secretary: Jerclyn the K

Atlrt'rit' Urn-it: Ronono Wits. Kelly Koala. Kutta Keeny. Mountainout-of-aCahill. Ayn Rand
l'holograplnrnr): Sly Photo Service and Members of Rumrod Club (Including Ken Gets-more-
on. David Coleslaw. Wonger. Coldmun. Sassy

The Klek-ln-Ihe-ASI' is excreted only once a rear. thank god. Next year. we'lltrytogetit out on
April Fool's, like n't"re.rupptm-tl to. The Masthead Stqfftliraron'r an yknowlerlge of who did this.
Fond/ed hr the Stupid Ass. Keep those cards and letters. folks!

 

 

 

 
  
 
  
  

  
  
   
    

  

 

 

