  

 
 

 
 

 
 

  

 

 

  

 
 

 

  

  
  
   
  

 
  
  

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 Ma,» t... .a.m..w.~..-.~m cf".

 



7 Jimmy Carter's riaes from olaeuritylto the
'  Presidetlial nominationwas due,

Hinder: part..to.the coverage ofthe primary

{campaign by the «monogram. Tehvi-
sion‘ did   carter more favorably than
the other candidatesbecaus'e of. tie superior

. _ nature or televison news
‘ .‘Vcoverap' can explain the reasons for this ‘
V strange partnership. -

, The essence of television is melodrama.The
boring repetition of everyday life is taken by
television and transformed into “news stories'.
Thus, relativer dull events are given ex-
aggerated significance. in order to capture the
attention of the ‘viewing audience'.

The Presidential primary campaign. which
basically consisted of mini-campaigns and
mini-elections climaxing each Tuesday
throughout the spring. was transformed by
television into an epic soap opera. The main
characters were the voters and the politicians.
Each week the ‘people spoke‘ by voting, and
the hopes of each candidate were boosted,
dashed or held in limbo.

In Jimmy Carter‘s case. Itis early wins in
heavily populated states like Iowa and New

' Hampshire led television news to crown him

‘Front-Runner‘. Instantly, Carter‘s campaign
was termed ‘efﬁcient‘. his bank accounts ‘bulg‘
ed‘ from contributions and his. opponents
‘faltered‘ or ‘fell by the wayside”. Seemingly
overnight. Carter acquired ‘momentum‘. that
magical element which television bestows on
winning football teams and other front-
runners.

After the New Hampshire primary. Carter‘s
30% plurality was declard a ‘substantial vic-
tory' by CBS News. Subsequent victories by
Scoop Jackson in the less important states of
Massachusetts and New York only served to

“Runner”

 

scramble the race. Jackson‘s Victories made
him a 'strong contender‘ who might help
'derail the Carter expreas'. but Scoop was
never the from-runner.

Later in the campaign. Carter's momentum
was enough to withstand strong challenges
from Jerry Brown and Frank Church. who
each won several key primaries.‘Television‘s
“Front-Runner” lost primaries in New York,
Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, New Jersey.
Maryland, California and several otherstates,
yet his nomination was still viewed as in-
evitable.

Television news correspondents can be
quite candid about their role in the political
process. Consider Riger Mudd‘s comments.
concerning the Iowa caucuses last January.
"It's not really the precise ﬁgures that will be
important. it‘s whether or not the media and
the politicians agree that this man won and
this man lost. Jimmy Caner is said to be the
front-runner; Birch Bayh is said to be Number
2. Does Carter have to win by ID. or must he
win by only one to be afront-runner? During
the night. it will be collected wr'rdom'1 or mir-

judgemenl. of the media and the politicians
that's going to determine who actually comes
off well here".

Jimmy Carter knew that early front-runner
status was essential to his nomination.und L:
worked hard to achieve it. He also was clever
enough to exploit television‘s need for
melodrama. The Georgia peanut-farmer turn-
ed Presidential candidate was portrayed each
evening as the ‘hcro ofthe play‘. Night after
night we were reminded that Caner was win-
ning. Carter was unbeatable. When the con-
vention began, there was no alternative to
Jimmy Carter left. as television guaranteed the
happy ending to its epic tale.

 

Quote of the Day:

It] ran a JSC board meeting like this. the whole board would resign.

commenting on Wednesday night's Central Council meeting.

JSC President Vicki Yudenfriend.

 

 

MANAGING sorro-
Nrws sorro-
Assounz news muons ..

Plonl’cnorr MANAI‘II

Assocun PIODL‘CTION thors.......,......
Entroarn unis rottoa
Ans It rruuau “Hulls”...

Anvurrsmo MAhMrllh.
Assocrur Itovrsrrstmz MANAG

CLASSIHID-(ilu’llll “nun-s

Busmm MANAGII

“A S TlIEA I) S TA FF

Eotroa tN cum .................................................................................... ..Sttl’ltk.\‘ Dussst

 

 
  
 
 
  

 

Sprscr. Rnocto
Dun) \VINZELIlIiRG
ANDREA Hrazuruo. (‘vsrnu HM’INIJ.

BRYAN HOLthl-ZHG
...l.()l!lSl-2 MARKS
rzx FINE

..............Hltllt.\‘ CAIIIIJ.
.KAIHY LAM
............ ..MICllAhL J. ARDAN

 

hevt'ew: Nancy Emerson
Billing arrow/ant: Carol C otriss
Payroll manager: Bob Rubin
IIradlyplrI: Leslie Eisenstein
Jaguu. Dave Kata. Vicki Kurtlman. Michele

Admlll'rtrdlw nutrient: Mike Forbes

 

AJ’. a Zodiac Nrws:Alice Kohn. Ruben Kwarta '
Staff when: Paul Rosenthal. Susan Miller. Jonathan Levenson. Bruce Connon

Camposltlon managers: Ellen Boisen. Patrick McOlynn
hotlutlian’ Marc Arkind. Karen Cooper. Eileen Duggin. Joan Ellsworth. Judi Heitner. Sally
Silverblatt. Laurie Studwell. Stu Vincent. Jody Wilner

Advertising production: Joyce Ilelu. Kelly Kits. Janet Meunier. Meg Roland. Anne Wren
Holography: mppl'nd by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Stolen Pr- ls publirlwd every deny and Pildcy during the rclraol

)ear exec t
holidays. Edi/aria! policy it the ruporulblllly of tile Edlror-ln- Clrle/ and Li subject to revle'iv
by the Mruthead SW]: Main 0010: Campus Cenler, Room 129; telephone: 457-8892. Adrien
mail It» Albany Strum Pun. CC 129. N00 Wash/MIDI! Avert

Lipton. David Refkin, Debbie Rieger, Joan

. Albany. New York [2222.

 

more chickens...

To the Editor: .

. “The right of citizens of the United States.
who are It! years of age or older. tovote shall
not be denied or abridged bythe United Slam
or any State on accountoi age."

On June 30. 197] a victory was won by all
Americans who felt that their right to vote tn
this country's elections was one of the most es-
sential and important powers granted to
citilens of the United States. Not only is It a
power but it is also an obligation. This is our
country and it is our dutyto make sure that Its
leaders represent the majority of the peoples'
views. If. however,the majority of the
people do not exercise their power to vote.
then the elected official cannot truly be a
representative. Whose fault is this? OURS!
Mr. Scherbcnko. in his article in Tuesday‘s
ASP. is correct in maintaining that registra-
tion will not change anything. I wonder.
though. if be bothered towalk up to one ofthe
voter registration tables and look through the
material on the candidates designed to make
the registered voter an educated one also.

We cannot. its a representative student
organization spend student tax money on a
specific political party. When students run for
SA ofﬁces they run on issues pertaining to
students at a specific school and not on any
rccognttcd United States party platforms. I
would question the ethics of an SA that took it
upon itself to promote one particular political
vciw and suppress the others. The purpose of
our campaign is to make nllt best: views known
to students and have them vote according to
their own beliefs and values. not someone
clscs.

Mr Schcrbenkms correct in one other obser-
vation. Your student association does want
you to believe that your involvement can
change the direction in which the country is
headed. Ifall those who are eligible to vote do
so. then there would have to be change.
Possibly. if more students bothered to vote in
I972. Richard Nixon would not have had the
chance to destroy the public‘s faith in their
elected officials.
The mttjor furcc of the elections. cspccinlly
for students. is thttt some people demanded :1
vote for Iii your olds. and once this gun] was
achieved. muoy who were granted this
privilege chose. and are still choosing. to ig-
nore it. L'ntil. we can prove, by our numbers. to
candidates that the student vote is in fact .1
I‘Uttlil)‘. they will continue to ignore us.
Kttthy Ilnron
SASU Coordinator

...and fish

To the Editor:

Upon rcnding Tom Scherbcnko's column
entitled "()n Chickens ttnd Fish.“ I had to
think (but here was no individual who let the
cynicism surrounding the Watergate scttndul
take hold of him. While this occurrence is not
exclusive in itself. it is none-the—lcss nn episode
in our nation‘s history that. unfortunntely has
left it lot of bitter feelings implanted iii the
minds of our citizens. While I ttgrec with his
mujor premise that. lit the present tintc. ttnd
pcrhups for some time to come. our clectorul
process seems to be nothing more than at huge
force; it should not menu that we. the rising
“leaders of tomorrow." should not tttkc part in
the political system of this country and
attempt to correct inequalities. injustices. and
the like.

One way we can voice our opinion. no
matter how little credibility is placed on the
notion. isto get out and vote. It'struethata lot
of people have been devoting a great deal of
their time to the Iocalled “bombardment” of

 

 

voter registration but that is because these

 
 
  
 
  

people. myself included. refuse to dye u,
and wish to see things work again. I.“
lot of well-spent time into this drive .
Campus Center and as coordinator atA
Quad. 1 view it as a personal dutyto”,
that everyone is provided withthe opp ,.
and know-how to register, and the dc."
excise their right to vote. I refuse tab,
that it is tireless.

One more point. "A lot of our studs
money" has not been spent in this effort.
mere sum of $605.60 was allocated by C;
Council to “Student Vote ‘76". This in
was to cover the expenses of the rally
the Commuter Lounge on Septcm
supplies. 2 ads in the Albany Studentl’
beer and chips. and miscellaneous exp;
that arose. There was also it ptovisioni
Student Vote ‘76 bill that whutcvermonry
not used by November 2\\'Uuld berctur .
the Emergency Spending I‘und. ln rcalil)
exorbitant amount will not be spent as
have beem led to believe. It is tltchu
thought. and that ofthe orgutti/ers either
that in this Presidential election year ,
registration and cducution o! the xtudcn l
necessary to elect public otticruls who ‘
more responsive to the needs ol students
young people. On these grounds. Icztn‘ta
that voter registration is tr "\HNL’ ol time
money".

Our vole comm . .

 
  
 
 

 
 

go out .tttd use it

Arthur .I Hid
('cntrnl (‘outtcll
Alumni 0

"no 5 ign”

To the Editor:

Being president or ll‘t‘ztstncr ol ttny l.
group cntttils much rcsptlnslhllll). Me .
running shows it grout Ctllllllllltllt‘ni on
parts of theofficers.’|‘he htll tnlt lltlllL‘L‘tl in
trttl CouncilwhichWould ltqu pmltlt‘llls
trcttsurcrs personally rchpttthlhlc lot at
pcnt funds will not serve lttt'nltL‘ll tlrnscn
responsibility. rather it will Illsllll n leclin
fear and ovcrhcsitzttion ill\tll\lllt.' the ttct
of the officers.

The S.A. budget tttttl llllll\|\lll.ll grou
comes run on nsystem In \\ lllt'll u I\ ptmib
overspend your budget to mounts lht‘

is due to negligence or ttmtnnnngetttent
thnl cuse. the llldivttlllltlx |il\«tl\t‘tl ~huul
course be held rcsponsthic lot lllL‘ll MIN] 1
I'lowcvcr. there ore mm In Itlt‘.\tlllllt_'l_\ tn
pend u budget. ‘
Most ol’SA. groupslunttt-m .»tt.thutlgt '
which it ccrtnin ttntottnt ot mutt. \ t~ .tllollt'
them. However. the) .tl\n Il.t\t' .t (rt
nmottttt ot' lnonc} “mt-h must by tt‘plllt
S.A. bnsed on prtl|t't’lltlll\ .-1 he“ 1"

money the group “I” tutt- m \ lt'spttlll
president uttd lrcttstlt‘cl \llttllltl tu- .ll‘lL' In
tinttttc whether ther't' gt ottp urn I.tM‘ menu
money nl ttn etent ltr Ill\lll\ ttmt t‘\
ditures. However. no one A .m It. .t-ttntn |~
i5just one ol the \\;|)\ III “In. I. .| ittttnuttt‘t
can cause u delictl Ill Illlltl\

NOW. if u group tl\t‘l\pt‘|ltl\ lltt’ll .tllul l
budget. the money I.\ thtllIL‘lL‘rl t um lllt‘ n
ycnr‘s ullottttent. In Illl\ \\.t\ \ \ .Iml

group ilrt: both L'tl\L‘lCtl lt‘l tut-st" till-‘5

snuution. ‘
a .

were this htll to he pnm'tl. Ill-I'll .L“

would ttot tIL‘I when the) sltntlltl. tluulult'il
overcxpenditnrc. ltte ilL‘l|\|l\ .-t llllstﬁdlll
would be much reduced

If SA. feels Iltnl tuooet hm but” 3
recklessly nod irresponsibly. tttm \llttllltlb .
n closer \vtttch on SA gtotuh .h "PM"!
proposing such u ntettsute “bull \M'Hl‘l “
boil tltcm ottt of u rottglt htlllillltttt once u \
already been crctttcd. .

If such it bill its this were burnt: l""“gh
Council. we feel [but it was ettcttttthcttl u
them to inform the involved 21mm“ 0
beforehand. The groups turd n toll“ Wf'"
that meeting. Furthermore. thnsc Ht 9”}
Council needed to hcttr the BHHIPV "I‘m"
for it is they that on: involved itlltl knoll
sltuutio’n best. I ‘ I

A leader of any group on lllla entnpust,

   
    
 

 

 

   

 

    
  
  
 
  

lit '


 

 

 

 

ww’f‘i’tz. ‘t '
hi2 «it u I" v
a I a

 

    
       

     
 

a; 355° .

 I  

r 14 R5777 GIRL Ll/IWOERING UNESUNTEQ

C590 l/l/ 77/5 fULl. MIT/.5 GEM a‘ﬂ/ﬂﬂN-
... I

\.

 

1L

«
q

 

  

      
   

l . " .."
ft :2

f A - an Hum
- oo IIED men/M
Sﬁﬂﬂ T70 55er UNDER 7H! arm or

./
r
\

 

l
3 - / I/ﬂND-fDRGED srm- 1—1th

W [HOOD-M6095
SMWERED Sit/0R0 OF
H ‘WIWSS "MIMI-l!

  

l

  

 v '

'ﬂl‘b

   
 
     

   
   
  
   

 
  
   
   
 
   
 

  
  
 
  
 
 
  
        
    
 
     
    
   

 

 

It .
M55195 DEFTLY ‘

IS)!
71/57 mus. ’

5
A——-.

l
t '|D>

 
      
          
   
 
 
   
        
       
      
 
    
   
 
  

 

  
 
    
   
 

 

 

      

 

 

 

sponsors

starring

TICKETS: For Food & Beer

51 w/ Tax card $2 for General Public
Tickets on sale today in the SA Contact
Office

Behind C.C. day of concert

IN EVENT OF RAIN, Concert will be held in th

Student Association & UC

only in the Contact Office today. Refunds for food &beer tickets wll

B&UAS

Roy Buchanan
Loudon Wainwright

 

 

Univ. LD.

Proof Of A89

 

Students Must Bring

Guests MustHave

 

 

9 Gym. Roln tickets available for tax card holders

I be arranged.

"Mm alarm: is papal

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

t

 

PAGE 13A

 

mum amour PRESS

 

  

SEPTEMBER 17.1970

 

 

