  

unpam‘mrr-

 

an  Costume:
*mnarydclivcmdaspccnhManday
that Mmjgmﬂll' ympopular with

mun IAYI'WW. tannin
l. Wﬂdmm olivziimch
Toolth to Wired
Communist panics minim and
Woman ﬁrmly: but upth 1b: 1a-
tcmmitmal Cmnmnnist 'movnmzm
as ’31 panninhmd rated 1001i"
Brnhncvalw told a continence of
29 £111th Comxnumstpzmm In
East BEYllﬂ that the Savant. wet:
randy lot now strategic arms lﬂnll'r'
Lwn talkstAL'l ~-W11ll1h'.' Urtttcci
51am At the sum: Linux he called
til»; I» out: Atlantic '1 1.521}

  
 
  

NutTwoM—Tnmy. Fri“ 52%

“CHARLIE SMITH
BLUES BAND”

fl tics. dd 'lrturs.
{Narmada}
Qf'rida} and Saturday
O’I‘his Wcsl

stt West.

0pm llut’dutl} um! .‘iuiulu; at 9.

~ REMBRANDT’S
CELLAR

Pub and Disco
57 Farm Rd.
cam

 

Won~blATD—-‘ian imita-
mm of agitation.“

The ﬁnal report of tha- long—
ncllynd whims: of Emoticon
Communist 'pmleo was alrcadt
minor: when 1hr meeting opened
The report is tantamount togivcap—
proval to national panicz‘ indcpcw
dcm from Moscow

To: Lmnmumst povcrnmcnu of
Yugoslavia and Romania and tin:-
ltaiim. Spanish .and I—rcnch Lom-
mutust pawn  rciuscd tr. par»
t1ctpat:ii m: final report rccogmud

$1.50 ‘Pitchm of Beer

Alle“:

Harp) Hour. 840 part.

All Gin Drinks 50c

Hcincken 50c

Weanesdat rirru bnluruut at i

 as a nan-s of nurturing

Marduk-lawsuit ‘

amid)».
my to aolvcthr: duct" problemh Hi:
milled for a partnership betwcen
government ofﬁcials and local
*hua'mccs lcadm in col ving cconomlc ‘
mrobluns,
Ina-m lﬂls'lo Show

Caldonua Guy. Edmund (J.
ammo” would his appearance,-
'bcforr thc wnfcrcucc. rating press»
in}; budgt burnout in Sacramento.

 
 

C ' s

t ommnmst

“ Sovictdaminamx in the Comm unirt
movement.

The ‘Russiansagrccd last week to a
will Statcmcnt dropping the
emphasis on 'prolctarian inter-
nzuunaliism" led by Moscow in
favor o.’ “intrrnational wopcration"
among equal and indcpcndcm par-
uca. according to delegatcs. llUI‘Il
wcstcrtt countries

“Invert Lomrnututst party It. bunt
0‘ tot worthtgﬁ-ulass movement of
tiu- L‘ULllllr} tr: which it t:. acltvc."
.btczrtnct‘ said "And it tsrzrtpomiblc
lo: its action» ﬁrst of all before lllL‘
working people of Ill. own country.

wtlubt‘ tnlrlcb‘l‘ l‘: :xprcrsct. and
dcicnd;
“but t‘. l' picctsel} fill} that

proudr- to: bust; Io: tuc Corti-
tnuntst" tntcrrtatiuna: 50ltLlLlrll}.. "
brczhnzz singled out lll‘. ltaltan
Communism under Litrrco
hcritttgucr for that tucccsi. III rct‘cnl
parltantcntar; airman; 'Ilu: ltaltart
Continuum: part} which mrtStaotl)
urclatr. Il‘ titdrnrodcttuc of
Moscow. stood a crust: sccotui to lll'.‘
Christian l)cntucrat:. to HP: VOIL‘

Hr toxc to; curt-garc- that
"proletariat mttrrtatmttuitsm.. war.
uric rmztwn . to: powrriul and tcstcd
too. or to: Communist Danni". and
to»; mom"; atlas: mowmcm in
gtttcral'

Ht. half to:
part 5:2 . 1 tr.- uocurocnt prtscntcd at
tut. comlrrcrtcc a}. an obligation for
llbﬂli "to :orrgcticallt'andlnststcntl}
wag: to: cattle to: tlr. commonly
lltltl gua.‘ ol thv: lzuropcuo Lom—
mount."

bra/ottcx uatc tot; Sons! llllllltl
v-‘a‘ rcao: to: a; ocv. SALT agrcc—
nicn' ant: tin l'tlllct,‘ Stats con-
ttrtuct‘ ll cal. to' spccrlcti up arms
impottatmn out that to: calm oi
monk HIUI‘tlIl‘ "I- II“ way to tr; blunt-

But it! (ommunist

co 0!: tl: '

H: also otarucu In: lullurt‘ oi talks
or. mutual. reduction til turt‘sa it. lzu-
“10‘; or. the Wat. Sin'lfll. N ATO

ttluhcd ltr uL'L‘t'pl Communist

 

We’ve Got:

 

 

 

PAGE 2

STOKE Homo; (SUMMER) MON—W151) 2:00-4:00 oTHURS & FRI ALL DA y

FULLL’TY .S L.A'. l'. BOOKSTORI

O'I ’Shtrtt.

Obym Sham
oJackcu.

-’chat Soto.
'Omuch. much more!

In a variety of colon. and styles limprtrttcd or

Luggcstmrt‘.

WELCOME
CLASS OF '80

FROM THI.‘

design your own}

 

 

1
‘

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

l.

i

U! “Votes :Icrull W in 

UNITED NMIONS, NY (A?) Th: Unitcd States on Tutsd'd} norm 3
Security/Council resolution cndarsingarzpon that asks Israel to 'a‘lllltlrau
from all occupicd Arab tcrritorics byJunc l. 19'”. US delegm Mm: w
Shcrm Jr. declarcdthtrcsolntion was“totally devoid of balanc: “ Sllfssmg
thc rights and intﬂcm' of cm party 10th: Middlzsﬂm dispute ant:- ignoring
thou: ofotbcr panicsflla: voicinthe 15mm coumil was to mix up.
lain. Fromm. Italy and chdcn abstaining. It was the 16m US war it in:
council and-the second in leas tint: a mic last Waimsda; lot '. mm:
States vctocd Angola's. application for UN Whip.

Prim-I Ann’s In E“: ‘Hauntcd

avcumc, W (AP) roams Anni: meant—«z mm...,..u,,m.
gilt from Quecn Elizalnth llwcomcs complctz with tit: g‘uoS' o , mad“...
dog, according to local rcsldznts. ‘I haw: sern it fair um: '
Hathcrill. 74, who livc: ma hamlet. opposttcthtmamtntrancrtt ., .34..
Park. the Boat-rt: :stat: into which in: pnnccswnc Ir.” II'J‘DJIIL ' .3;
Mark Phillips. arc cxpzmtd to movcl'ntt fall ‘1'. 152: big ‘macr no; -.t- 1; ~r L
head which brushtm up against you."said Halirm'll “I nav: it .:t 21;": r 
years, and I pronnsl; you I on; not lying“

d.L .ixt:

 

Supreme Court Rules Against Busing
WASHINGTON (AP) The Suprcmc Court‘s first maio' hflilan r _
sum in two ycari has lclt mot: questtont- unanswertc that l' 
Court ruled (no 2 Monday that a Federaltudgccxcmuzc run no". r. '
quiring the Pasadcna. Calil.. school board to raw; its, nusmt in:
to keep up with changing ractul patlzrru and pr:\'5m blast. mm: -
Spcuktngthrough Justicr William H. thnqutst. lh'; Loot“ -. >
of school» wtth blacl. matortttcs tr. Pasadcna-——Irt.irr. on: an:- m
in I97475wa: due to  qultt‘ normal pattcrn 01’ humor mt_  ~ ‘

 

  

 

 

Antl—Wirctapping BIII Faces Opposition
WASHINGT'ONIAI'; Th2 Smart-snow tntctttgtrtu committc' ~ v . - t
a wirctup control bill support-:d I1} Prosttlsnt Fora .tnt . n- .. ~ ~
scttatora'hut chullcngcd o5 crttta on grounds l‘. mum: glow» r. -' ' ,  '.
tthanit would dIhL'tIIJI'ﬂg: Attiaittttirtufgrttupa.ttlcludtr ' ‘
Libcrtics linton. attacks-c tru- nil) snji'lf’lgli would “tcgttir
ptttgthun It would discourage" D222“.th ( tltlgl'zsi noun; r» 
for thc first llfll'. Lu- upprtwtng nutmnu; sscurttx utrtmrl

  
 
 

Army to End Wartime Press Censorship
“ASHINGTUN tAl'i ~fltv. Pcntztgorﬂ ll‘lluTmlIlltl: .-m- r..:
army proposal to or w inquircmcnts tot Wurllnlt
officials Sﬂld Mottdzt vtsst lktcns: Samar} \ltltturt .t .
his racontntcttdutiort ‘o tlu- .Iotnt Chico of 31qu our to: .t.c . 
services for than contntcnt hL‘lIII'; tit; malts: mam: Lt: '
Civilian levcl for ductsmtt: (lflltlﬂlh :tutc that for.
Army‘s urgumcnts llltl‘. authorship of dt'intllchtsllltti T\ 'TALIH '
llt‘ unworkuhlc in u ltlltltt‘ watt

Marine Sgt Acquitted of Manslaughter
SAN DIEGOt Al‘l Marim- 5.5m Harold lftnnult. a. uni lltxl'...

of involuntary manslaughter and otitc: :nzttgt.» it: till training. ' ..
of a rccrutt. was Zlcqullluil on a1: :ount: M ondux l’t_\itl'l11lll.l"
gcncrul coun—mumui trial board ot lIVt officer am. not
found Bronson tortoccnt on charts: of disflhtylng orltsn ocr
involuntary manslaughter and ilhsllllll Bronson. wtu-curnm .
Vlclnunl.~t:tlllld huvc hccr; sentenced to fWL' your.~ ll, nrmit t .

  

   

 

   
 
 

US Ecologists to Block Soviet Whalers

SAN FBANCISf‘f) tAPt A group of cnrtscrt'attttntst- hit» our:

battlt- hoi-to—hou Vﬂlh Sovtct ships to try It itor to; mom; 2'1 "
whales ‘fOnct: wu inttl thcm. wc‘ll stau wrth then. ‘ ozoum ll ~ f‘-- t
leader of lllCI’L'WIllUlllTlllTl tht-ccolog\ ~mtndctitownot Manon. t
population I500 “Wt ttopt-th: Russtum.dor.‘t comt-utt: :n: t  ' 3W 1
that comc. wr‘ll ltth' to get winter; that harpriontttt ..n' if

whales to sow; somt- lchh," he sold.

Clark to be Listed for Senatorial Primary

ALBANY. NY I AP; Thr- SttIlt.‘ Board of Elccnoru gnu ltuntosnﬁ ' "-‘ *-
kamcscyClrtrl. u rcprtcvc Tucson} trom lht'cnsth procc» o . t‘:"- ' -

to get on tho prtmnrt ballot. Clurl. rut-clued the ncccsxu't 3’ r\'-'

vow.» ttccdcd lrom tlu- puni‘r. stoic Nintmlllct’ to gun. or out nomiu .
tht- Scplcmhcr l4 Primary. But hrfitco hthlfll’nlillfuulm‘. mo ‘II: It  . v
days too late. and n was thought llllll ht worm: rum 1. --'lt='-‘ -‘ ‘”
stgnuturns on nomtnuttnp pcttttom

Nadjorl Takes a Final Shot at Lefkowltz

NEW YORK (AP) Maurice Nathan. to ho. ftnul uppcurutm o- .tu'» 
prosecutor. look a porting shot at his iormct boasond Still] In «it-  '
Iacr conflict of interest upon assuming control of Nudjuri‘r I!” 1""
Nudjun ﬁlllll Monday that route Atty, Gen. lnuu lufitowu. on. ' x
tool; conflicting public and private positions on u report tom .-tt.t :~- ~
Hugh L. Carey of political mmle in sacking 10 with“ "“
prosecutor. Nudjuri Sulll Infknwiu publicly prniscd Iltt‘rcpnrt on.“ W ml?"
ly “Fitting wnh Nutljuri that it was “inuccurmc. unltttt um: : t: MW
chkownr dcttictl cvcr ugrccing with Nudiuri about lltt' rt:an

 

 

SI MMIR i‘rll

    

 

 

by My all! , , » 
A new SUNY inn-tar plan calling
for undergraduate education reform

and focus' on public service wu.

rdcased last week by Chancellor
Ernest L. Boyer.

The four-year plan calls for the
development of a “mission”—— a
statement of purpose — oncacb
campus,. and a sharp reduction in
enrollment, with a new emphasis on
transfer admissions between SUNY
schools.

At a press conference coinciding
with the release of the general, trend-
sctting report, Boyer said that liberal
education must be clearly deﬁned to
end the "great confusion as to the
skills and attitudes an educated per-
son should posscss." Among the

program; claimed to offer; thc‘gccl
' w'eré unspecified ‘fncw‘liberal educa-
lion models" on fivc’SUNY sim-
purer, and a propoccd national sym-
posium on the same topic.

111: return of distribution rc-

quiremems, seen by many as a

method of achieving a common base
of knowledge, probably would not
be implemented, according to the
chancellor. Instead, courses on
“future trends" might be offered. he
said.

Boyer said a new I980 enrollment
estimate of 187.500 is part of his plan
‘to “stabilize the ratio between
students attending SUNY and those
attending the state‘s private in-
stitutions.“ This ﬁgure reﬂects a

 
   

decrease of H.100 from the lat

master plan enrollment projection-

in I972. '
All those with SUNY associate

degree: will be guaranteed admin- '

sion to a four ycar program. accor-
ding to the plan. “Community
colleges may become the place where
most people begin their education,
regardless of achievement level.“
said Master Plan Development
director Michael Reynolds.

Boyer admits that the new public
service thrust. which would include
the formation of a university-
industry ,llasop panel. to put the
state’s ’ intellectual icsctirccs ' in the
hands of business, was not complete-
ly his own idea. “There‘s been a very

  

 

lion. not tbd'prublcmﬁ‘ he Illd.

The Albany‘cimpui ii .“I natural
in the are! of public policy," up
Raynolds. licwould not speculate
about what speciﬁc alliances might
be formed here. saying instead, 3‘we
would look to the expertise on the
campuses to come forward."

Asked if conﬂicting interests
might ariu when representatives
from business and academia try
working together, but the thrust here
is to help solve problems; I would

' 'viéw it more use cooperative effort

than a conﬂict of interest.“
SUNYA. with its public policy

  
 

nmumm

pl‘ementirig ’

much faculty an

“It dbun't have‘ to‘ become a
public iuue — there small limit of
appeal procedures.” no; Reynolds;
“From what I know of the litigation
at Albany, it was done In Iflll' way.
but it’s a very difﬁcult thing to uy
that there are no job: anymore.”

' Reynolds secs a'pouibilityfcr dis-
sent at other ciimpusci when lit! plan
goes into effect, saying “I dcn‘t know
if you can ever eliminate the cohflict-'

    

 

f
Cam

Mlulon study Comlng

Assistant to the President Bob
Shirley is nearing completion of the
first draft of a complete mission
study for SU NYA. The study will be
the base for future decisions about
the university‘s direction.

Deans and directors will provide
feedback later in the summer to the
tentative document. It will be rclcus-
cd generally in early fall. Shirley
hopes to finish by curly I977, after
the feedback from the university
community helps shape a final

Italian

by Daniel Gaines

“The whole thing is unclear,“ said
SUNYA Controller John Hurtigun.

“It's not clear-cut,“ explained
SUNY Central Vice Chancellor for
Academic Programs Herbert
MacArthur.

“It doesn‘t muttcr," said State
Senator John Mtll‘Cl‘ll.

The New York State Legislature
appropriated S I 50,0001his past Sun-
day to “continue [SUNYA's] Italian
St udics program in ordcrtoimprovc
clttssicnl education at the Universi-
ty." But the program would have
continued anyway ~- it's scheduled
for elimination in late I977, and chn
tltcn Italian will still be taught Ils lm
clcctivc. The vote. then, did not
"save" ltuliun.

No one, however. is sure what the
vote rloiu do. MacArthur sttys: “It is
it clear ll‘dlClIllttn of legislative in~
tcnt.“ Murchi concurs, explaining
that if the money isn‘t needed the
Division of the Budget won‘t
tillocutc it. Scotttor Mttrchl. and
other lttiliutt legislators, introduced
and ttddcdthc lllllllln Studies section
to the supplemental budget after
conlocls willt Alhtrny's Italian cont-
munity and. indirectly, with students
and professors in the program.

Port of the confusion is courted by
the situtttion‘s uniqueness. The
lcgisltrturc rttrcly sticks its nose ittto
SUNY‘s llCtIdCIlllC business, and in-
deed the Cltulrtnun of the Assembly

Higher Education Committee, Irwin -
Ltindcs. is on the record saying that

it is aisuiillal that institutions of
higher education have freedom to

SUMMER I976

pus Briefs

product.

1977-78 Budget Tlght

SUNYA administrators con-
tinucd working earlier this week on
the budget for the 77-78 academic
year. Increases to cover inﬂation tire
expected, but obtaining additional
funds is not likely.

SUNY Ccntral did ask cumpusad—
ministrators to prepare budgets with
one, two and three per cent in-
creases, though. so additional funds
are conceivable.

In the proposal for at one per cent
increase, SUNYA suggested the ad-
ditional monies go to refurbishing
Mohawk Towcvcr, twenty ud-
ditionul faculty lincs, increased
graduate student stipends and a
higher library acquisition rate. With
two or three per cent increases.
SUNYA would want to spend it on
equipment replacement. better
records systems for student scrviccs,
a laboratory for the environmental
and space studies, computer center
funds, more library acquisitions.

handicapped modiﬁcations. and
funds for a Graduate School of
Public Affairs Training Institute for
state employees. All proposals are
tcntitivc at this slngc, and there are
many stepsinthe budgetary process.

SUNY Central, step one, will
ﬁnalize their decisions as to what to
send to the Governor in late August
or September.

Buc'lroublec

The Office of General Services.
which has been cooperating with
SUNYA on u bus-sharing scheme. is
hintingthat they don‘t want to drill
again this fall.

The OGSSUNYA cooperation
gave each cxtru buses at their
different peak hours. Less bus ser-
vice for SUNYA is thus a real
possibility.

Houslng Shortages
The Ofﬁce of Student Affairs and
Student Association are trying to

S to die 8 Needlessly Saved

determine their academic character
—- as long as the public need is a con-
sideration in those determinations.

As part of handling base budget
cuts, SUNYA President Emmett B.
Fields‘ Task Force suggested that
Italian Studips"bc cut. and Fields'
recommendations on program cuts
and allocations for the next few
years were approved by SUNY Cen-
lrlll ttnd the Board of Trustees. Can
the legislature overrule that
decision?

It‘s not clear. It's also not clear
that by voting $l50,000 for thc
Italiun Studies department this your
the legislature is overruling Ficlds‘
decision. "It‘s a pretty fair signalthat
tltcir concerned," said SUNY Vice
'Cltttnccllor for Management and
Planning Harry Spindlcr.

Add to that the fact that tltc
program doesn‘t cost $l50,000
(closer to $||3.()00, according to
SUNYA administration) ttnd you
are lcft with it jumble of guesses.

It's even possible that Fields could
use the $|50,000 to fund ltalittn next
year, and take the money now our-
mttrkcd to fund it and spend it
elsewhere. MacArthur is sure that
“tiny scheme that could get that
money into the budget would be
worked on." Hunigun wonders ifthc
$|50.000 would then be worked into
the hose budget for the following
your.

The Governor could veto the
Italian funds selectively. but that
would be highly unusual. The most
likely scenario has the Division of
the Budget not sending the money

anywhere.

The Italian program was con-
sidcrcd of low priority by the Task
Force primarily because of its low
enrollment. No one is happy that it
was cut, but administrators in

SUNY Central and on this campus
are more concerned with the possible
precedent of the legislature con-
troling the details of academia.

As Spindlcr put it: “We‘ll have to
be careful."

prevent the art-campus an
campus housing crunches from be-
lng too serious this fall. There is I
shortage estimated at 400 beds on-
campus.

Various proposals are under con-
sideration, including placing
students at nearby motels.

Return-bloc On State

NYPIRG and UAS (University
Auxilcry Services, formerly FSA)
are cooperating on an experimental
project with rcturnublc bottles on
Sttttc quad. Freshmen and people
staying at the summer hotel are fin-
ding bcttlcs in the soda machines in-

' stead leans. There are boxes next to

the machines where bottles are plac-
cd after they are used.

Judging so far, the idea seems to
have potential. But it has yet to mcct
the test of a full quad of students.

Better. Burger.

There will be changes in the quad
cafeterias this fall. Already, on State
this summer. open-air type broilers
are being used to make hamburgers.
The burgers have much less grease
than those made on flat grills. and
are expected to be in service this fall.

Also. Food Service is planning
some kind of soda fountain on each
quad that would be in operation as
much as every lunch and dinner.
Sundacs and sodas would become
available regularly.

Zahm Gets Students Out Of Hot Water

by Doug llorwltl

SUNYA students will soon find it
more difficult to get themselves into
hot water. Starting this full all un-
iversity washing machines will use
only cold water.

The University Auxiliary Services
(UAS) along with the plant depart-
ment have recently bccnstudyingthc
energy crisis on campus and have
found that upwards of $20,000 could
be saved by shutting off the hot
water to washing machines.

Norbct Zahm. Director of UAS.
justified the change saying, “We
looked at u number of national
reports to look ttt the trends. A grow-
ing number of hospitals are conver-
ting ull their washing business to
cold water. You might say that‘s
quilt: a recommendation when it
hospital feels they can do it, assum-
ingthcir clothes are it little bit dirticr
than the average student's.“

In addition Zabm noted. "By us-
ingtt ltot uir dryer, like what we have,
there are more bacteria and germs
removed in the drying process than

there ever will be in the washing
process."

According to Zuhm the cost of
converting thc approximately [85
university washing mttchincs will be
minimal. Sttid Zilhm, "With these
things in mind we felt why not give it
ll try and see what kind of problems
we might come up against.“

One particular problem that
Ztrhm and the plum department
hope to avoid is the student's use of
hot water detergent in the cold water
machines. If hot water detergent is
used it will become gummy and
crctttc problems with the machine
filters. Although notices will be
posted in the laundry rooms. Zahm
has planned something else which
sltould familiarize students with the
potential problem. At the beginning
of the fall semester, Zuhm said, “We
are going to supply cvcry student.
free of charge, u small box of cold
water Cheer, We figure this is a good
p.r. device.“

In all, 5,800 boxes ofthe detergent
have been ordered for distribution.

ALBANY STU DENT PRESS

“We‘re not trying to promote
Chccr," Zahm stressed, “they just
happened to have gotten the best
price for us."

Zuhm summarized the cold water
conversion as “somewhat of a pilot
porjcct to find out if in fact it will
Work out on a large scale."

Student Association (SA Vice
President Gory Parker isn‘t yet wru-
ing to endorse the conversion as a
good idea. Said Parker, "Right now.
SA is taking it let's wait and see posi-
tion.“ To supplement the cold water
conversion Parker is hopingto "buy
detergent wholesale and get it to the
students as cheap as possible." .

Parker believes the conversion
will draw some adverse student reac-
tion. “It's inevitable," he said,
“whenever we have it change we have
to expect it." Although the p'ricc‘for
doing a wash will remain at 30':
Parker feels “a couple of students are
going to be screaming and yelling
that their whites aren't going tovgct
as white as ma's and the darks aren't
giiong to get all dark."-

PAGES

 

