 

iﬁifkﬂk

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

( For the past ten years. the people of Albany

have witnessed vast changes in their city and
the newlycompleted New York State Museum
is a hallmark of these developments. The
museum. located in the Empire State Plaza.
opened its doorstothe public on .luly2withits
initial exhibits. "The Adirondack Wilderness"
and “An Exhibit of New York‘s Society."

As , a prelude to the museum, the film
“Chronicles of Change" introduces the theme
of the exhibits. The Frances Thompson film
portrays the earth in flux rather than in stasis.
Nature and civilization are viewed in their
chronic process of creation and destruction:
vast forests destroyed by fire; beavers building
their dam; buildings erected. but only tem-
pornrily. The grand scheme of the changing
earth is beautifully captured on film and
provides an appropriate background for the
rest of the museum. -

“The Adirondack Wilderness." tlte only one
of three premanent exhibits currently open.

portrays all aspects in the history of the region.
Specimens of the time and culture are not en-
cased in glass diaranins along long tedious cor-
ridors but are constructed without restraints.
The first section of the exhibit deals with the
prehistoric landscape. Huge murals form the
horizon for the habitat created all around.
Waterfalls ruch. birds chirp above. and
animals crouch near the trees that fill out the
environtnent.

Further along. man is viewed interacting
with the wilderness. Two hundred years ago.
when man first entered the Adirondack region
for its mineral and timber resources. he httd a
great impttet on the environment. Clear-
cutting the forests caused erosion as depticted
in the display. “Log Jam on the Hudson.“ An
efficient means of transportation became a
necessity and railroads were built to bring the
minerals and cut timber down from the moun-
tains. Transportation is given a multimedia
presentation. illustrated with old ﬁlms and
voice explorations, as well as with scale
models and the authentic.

Molt kinectic and dramatic in the the
simulated storm exhibit. Held in it small am-
pithestre. ultraviolet light creates the main it-
lusion of lightning while thunder explodes in
the intervnll of darkness.

At the end of the Adirondack Wilderness

 

 

hall. is a preview of two exhibits planned for
the future. "The New York Metropolis" is
scheduled for completion in I978 while the
Upstate exhibit is slated to open in I980. The
preview indicates that they will also utilize
tnultimediu techniques with the goal of the
muscutn-goer interacting with the surroun-
dings.

To reach the displays onthe fourth floor, in-
numerable escalators must be negotiated. The
exhibits on this floor are temporary. The
current. “An Exhibit on New York's Society.“
will be fetitured until I978 when it will be
replaced by an art exhibit. The first presenta-
tion is devoted to three aspects of New York
life: materialism. diversity. and change.

Most compelling ofthe three is the focus on
materialism. The materialism oftodtty‘s socie-
ty has its roots iii a most sordid pastas shown
by the juxtaposition of wealth and poverty. A
shocking campaign poster from I932 read
“Don't Vote For Pike He‘s A Kike."whilc a
NAACP poster from wet urged blacks not to
attend a “segregated state fair for Negroes." A
glaring sweatshop display was capped by the
warning. "If you don‘t conic in Sunday. don‘t
come in Monday." A prominent poster of :1
DH. Lawrence quote hcst summed up New
York's lack of social conscience iii the 20's:

Ann-rim .rinipl I‘ It't'lll.\‘ with mechanical in-
t'l‘lllitllll' because nobody in Anterit‘tl t‘l't'l‘
wants It! (/0 (um/ting. TINT are idea/lists.

“The Condition of Diversity" depicts the
fabric of New York City's interwoven ethnic
personalities. A slide and tape presentation
effectively captures this diversity by il-
lustrating the differences bctn'een New
Yorkers. These differences are further
emphasized by political buttons and posters. a
variety of ethnic “pride” and "power" buttons.
and many foreign language newspapers, all
originating from New York.

“The Process of Change." the final stage of
the exhibit. is a slide show of various New
York locales. lt rounds out the ﬁrst two sec-
tions of the presentations in its overall view of
New Yorlt.

The New York State Museum isu new mode
of exhibition. Employing audio-visual techni-
ques. the museum-ng becomes immersed in
the setting andmctt I: one of its integral
componentl. not Bl an outside Ipcctator. J

 

 

mm  Panes

  

  
 
   
 
    
    
 
    
 
    
 
     
     
 
    
   
   
    
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
     
     
     
   
   
    
    
    
    
      
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

/

 

fix ’7‘?

 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
    
    
    
      
    
    
    
   
   
   
 
        
      

 

r

 

1' we I717;

 
  

  

   

 

“America simply   

inventions because new

They are idealits.”

—D. 11. Lawrence

 

story by team! Iriedlunder and david mm

photos by ken untrue

memento-menace

   

if.

.w.......,ww§. '  ‘

 

 

 

 

   
   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

