   
 
   

    
  
  

 

 
 

 
  
  
  
  

._..V_~MM

i

  
 

 

ros- (Arm

difference between a passive and an

active president, ssidWelter Heller.
the  '90“! of that activity
we eanlook for both a holder attack
on the jobless problem and a more
broad gauge. broad spectrumantl-
inﬂationary program. said Heller,
one of the Democratic party‘s most
inﬂuential advisers.

Heller said that despite a more ac-
tive role. Carter's respect for and tin-
derstandlng of the market
mechanism makes it highly unlikely
that wag-price controls will be im-
posed. as btrsinessmen and others

  
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 

  

Man

\‘w’v
as»:

 

  

' _ . _, ., MOI
difference between the'Ford and
Carter administrationswill be the .

gla. Bevl e Diverlitl
(Eat. Drink and Be Meny)

Salad. Soup 8 Bread

all you can eat!

Beer. Wine or Sangria
all you can drink!


 

with your choice of
Spaghetti Rigatoni Wheels
Shells Ungunl

as main course

Only  complete
Pizza

as main course

P Only  complete J

 feared.’_‘There been a lot of

' misunderstanding on that issue."

said Heller. adding “He' doesn't
Want legal: sanctioi'l ,but'instesd a
sense of“respottsibility from big
.bttsinus‘ and big labor." Carter's
wapprice program will be volun-
tary. he said. “l've discussed this
with Mondale and with Caner and l
seerealrespectfortheworkingofthe
market system. But where it doesn't
work and where antitrust cannot
handle the problem there will be
guidelines," Heller said.

Because of his close association
with Carter and Vice President-elect
Walter F. Mondale as an adviser,
and because he served as chief

  
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
  

 

 

 

Full sandwich and ala carte
pizza menu also available

'sﬁi'x

  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ﬂéf . 1

economic adviser in thcmost recent

Democratic administrations. Heller
was asked his opinions Wednesday

on changes to be expected.

0n the issue of jobs, which

appeared to play a large role in
Carter's victory. Heller said he found
the president-elect listening to a
variety of programs but that no ﬁnal
choice has been made. “I find that
Carter understands you cannot get
down below 5 per cent unemploy-
ment with ﬁscal and monetary
measures without getting into infla-
tion" said Heller. “He knows you
have logo the last mile with struc-
tural measures." Heller said “it is
very important that he understands
that, and very important that the
country knows Carter doesn't ﬁt the
big spending image." He realizes,
said Heller. “you can‘t just open the
spigots.“ Carter will not "trytoflood
the economy with fiscal and
monetary stimulus." but instead will
seek to focus his efforts on the
specific employment problems. on
the "structure" of unemployment.

The thrust of Carter's effort
therefore. he said. would be to have
government provide “meaningful in-
centives to private business to give
jobs and training to the hard-core
unemployed."

Curler. he said. will also seek
deregulation of industry in crises
where it leads to “price propping"
and the stifling of competition.

AMIA Disobeys
Court Ruling

(‘lllllilllll't/_/i‘lllll page one

ed. on “etitcrgcticy meeting“ of thc
AMIA. wtis crillcd rind the decision
to ripperil the supreme cotirt vcrdict
agreed upon.

“i got the letter Sundriy." lillner
sold. "It isn‘t just the fact lllill l
wasn't the captain of the tcrtnt. htti
I‘m tilso urguing that they dcnicd inc
due process.“

Curwin. risked \\'llitl hc kttew of
the case. said. "l'rn not going to srty
anything until the matter is resolv-
ed."

Ellncr said he and his nttornev.
Poul Dcsser. will light the mutter
furtlter. “We're goirtg to try to get it
temporary injunction so thrit i can
play now.“ Ellncr said.

Simmons Resigns
Psychology Post

(‘tllllilltlt'r/ /i'mn pugi' our

tivitics. new faculty positions. rind
funded grtid student positions.

I Kendall. when risked about the
importance of the program.
responded. "If you're risking should
we have n progrtim. tltcn yes. we do
have it clinical psychology
program."

Drive Doty. it professor for four

years in the program sriid thrit Sim-
mons‘ resignation "was the only £10-
tiort left to him." :tddingthru "Public
acknowledgement is titroc than just'
lip service.“ He said tltrit the unitcr-
slty places too much ctnphrisis on
research and not enough on clintcril
ilClthllCS. He noted llllll his contttict
was only renewed for one year and
that "it one year year rencwril is less
support lililn it three year contract."

Students in the program will not

be affected by the resignation. ill
least not this year. No interim direc-
tor hris been appointed yet. but
Gallup said that when Simmons is
replaced. “people muy want to
chringc things." Simmons will rctriin
his teaching position until he can
find another job.

 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 

   
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

  

Heavy Fighting Breaks Out in Lebanon
IEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) Moslem and Christian forces in Beirut battled
through the night with rockets. artillery and tank guns in the city‘s heaviest
outbreak of ﬁghting since the cease-ﬁre began two weeks ago. Hospitalsand
militia sources reported about l5 persons were killed and 20 wounded during
the night. It was the highest casualty toll reported since the trttcc began 0..
2i. President Elias Sarkis and Arab League mediator Hassan Snbri Khoii goj
in touch with leaders of both sides. and a Palestinian spokesman said the
fighting decreased after dawn. But sporadic artillery explosions were heard
well into the morning. Kholi and the Christian president appeared to feel that
the outbreak of ﬁring did not pose a serious threat to the trucc lllld the
companion peace plan worked out by Sarkis. Syrian President Hafe/ Astrid
and Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat at a meeting in Saudi Arabia.

President Tito Recuperates From illness
BELGRADE. Yugoslavia (AP) President Tito. reportedly l‘CCtHL’llllg 1mm“
liver ailment. made his ﬁrst announced ofﬁcial appearance since undergoing
medical treatment in September. Tito. 84. presided over the ruling prcudium
ofthe Yugoslav Communist party on Wednesday. Severul foreign dtgnnrino
had canceled sc hcduled visits here because of Tito‘s illness. ('urrcnt plttmmtl
for him to host Soviet Communist party leader Leonid l, ilrclllllﬂ Ill mid-
November and French President Valery Giscttrd D'Esitiing in Deccntbct

Vatican Recognizes Split of German Church
BERLIN (AP) The Vitticrin has moved toward rccognt/tttg lllr
organizational autonomy of East Germain Roman Catholics lrotn tltt-tr \\ ext
German kin but has not gone as far as the Communist lil\l (tcttntin
government wanted. The step was in kcn in the form of :i newly crcriicd llctltn
Bishops Conference which will govern the nflrtiis ol tin-
some |.3 million Roman Catholics inside East Germany. But ll Icrtto
intact the Greater Berlin diocese which also includes Wcsl HL‘lllll .tnd ttx
270.000 Catholics. and does not realign the dioceses insith lrttst (It'llllillh
according to the boundaries of the Communist stritc. lhcsc tillllllllt‘ lo
ovcrlrrp eastward ittto what is now Poland rind westwrird into \\ cxl (It'lllltlln
riccording to long-standing arrangements thtit predritc World \\ .n ll

Egypt to Combat Carter’s Pro-Israel Policy

EGYPT lr\l’l Egypt's lending newspaper culled on the Arrib not ill to lr'ltlt'd
utiitcd lronl rind find new nriys to use oil “5 il politicril weapon to H'tlxl 'n
cope with President-elect Jimmy Carter's pro-lsrricl poltct Ill lliv \lltltH.
lint. Elsewhere. Carter was viewed (Is it welcome fresh lticc or .i [NH/ll“;
unknown bycditoritilisis trying to predict wlint direction lhc inn \:v..t ..|

lL‘tItlL‘l'Slllp would trike. ('niro‘s scinioll'icitil Al Alirtiin pt'cdictcd lll.li  no
litllllllllhlltllltm would give lsriicl unlimited support. It urged lllc \t..t» ~l.il.‘~
to counter this with it unified politicril.economic rind nitlittny [Milt ~. .llltl Il.“-l
tactics to use Arrth oil for politicril lcverrtgc.

BishOp Proposes Interim Leader in Africa

GENEVA. Switzerland (A I’) One of four key black lltllltlllilllsl lL'.lllt'l\ unto
culled for it nritionril election in two weeks to Chi)th on llllt'lill‘; pittnt
minister of Rhodesia. The plan for a one-mun. our-wiv-
plcbiscitc. outlined by Bishop Abel Muzorcwu tn the Hillbil-
500n$ored lirlks on Rhodcsiri's future. wits iinmcditttclv (llStHHlL'tl in will
block thodcsirin litClltlllS. A spokesman for the sir-culled l’titt totn l lrtlll ol
Joshttu Nkonio rind Robert Mugribc crtllcd the Mti/orcutt proptml "victim
his own selfish plain.“

Polish Airliner Hijacked to Vienna

VlijNA. Austria (AP) A Polish citizen brandishing it ll.llltl t'lc'lttlth
hunckctl 11 Polish rurlincr yesterday on it flight from Copcnhtit’k‘“ "‘ “ "N."
rind forced the plum: to hind in Vienna. officials sititl. lltc lonc lll|.lt tit nit.»
wtis heingdcportcd from Denmurk to Poland. then surrendctcd lo \ll\ll|.lli
authorities. llic incident marked the second liljitc‘hltlg “Hill” .I “V”

involving an tiirlincr of one ofihc Eastern European ('ottttnuntd n..t.wn~ \
Slccl‘l’i‘l‘m'k Plrtnc wns htjttckcd to Munich lust l'rtdrn \lt‘lllll pol-u
identified the Pole ltlh’cll into custody tianroshtw Knros/tnski, 30 | MN

h": "PPL'rIrc-d licl'HillS nnd exhrinscd llS ltc surrendered ill Vtcnnnk N It -\ ~91“
Airport.

Ford And GOP Administration Prepare to Exit
WASIHNG'I‘ON (AP) Pl‘csidcnt Ford‘s failure to wrn election |IlL'.Ill\ M"-
mmgnlmhcl lWM lhill lillltluishcd under the prCsstirc ol \olL' 33W“ ““3’
now will hlilglllllt' during lllc remaining l2 weeks ol l'otil‘x Wk ‘1'”
ridmtruslrrition. U.S. olficlnls sriid thc goril ol l-ord rind Scctctnt‘. rd W“
“"“U’ A} Kissinger will be to ltold thiiigstogcthct' whtlt- not hilll' I'm ll -"'
""lircsston lhrit business will go on its llSlllIl. lint tltcrc \tlll l». iv e“
Illlllilmcs lrtkcn lllld no new commitments tnrtdc. lhc olltttnb and W "
“mm” "mm." (.‘rtrtet would object. but DL'L‘illlSL lt'\\ l .mu t-ttwl“
lilM'rnnlcnts will be willing to deal oitcrtictril tnnltcrs \\llll :tn.nltr..ttt»H-I"““
"" l" “"t' “UL thbllltler himself is expected to stay lll Ullltt' lllir" l it“
takes otcr next Jilll. 20. bttt many other Stritc Dcptnttin-tit 1-H: A“ 'i
runbrissrtdors probttbly will he lcriving.

.1

Board [of Regents Urges Nyqulst to Resign
PLBANl r N.Y. (AP) Educution Commissioner l-Zwrrld ll. Moonl '"""‘
 tenure heading the letlc's public school syslcl” l""‘ "‘m “ml”
“Nd. .VllcglLl‘llllrllh'nl ltitely. was under strong pressure todn) to tlllll or in"
C(llllfllj - i. l? ’5 Inclllbcrs ol the liotrrd of Regents. who lllll' ll"
I shtttlllu. wont Nyqutsl to resign. litiiling tlml. ltt‘ Wm“ h" “WI M
regents objecting to his policies.

____‘____,

NOVEMBER 5. 1976

 

 

 

 
 

to bring suit in U.S. District Court in

 

isneatvt

 

vi
“a u... . t"

i
-_i i. t'.'.‘,'.

absentee ballots which arrive late
will be counted as long as they're
postmarked by November 2. Piche
said; “Our suit seeks the treatment
for in-stat‘e absentee ballots." she
said. “i don't see why they didn't rule
on in-state. absentee ballots at the
same time." she added.

“Nassau County election ofﬁcials
said that lack of manpower tic-
counted for the delay in processing
absentee ballot applications." said
Piche. Election ofﬁcials in that coun-
ty said they sent out the last batch of
absentee ballots on Friday. Piche
said. “I question what is really
behind this delay." she s'aid.

Piche said. “The Presidential
outcome in New York State

SASU and NYPIRG are planning

Albany this week in an effort to get
late absentee ballots postmarked on
or before November 2 counted
towards Tuesday's election. accorr.
ding to Diane Piche of SASU.

Absentee ballots received after the
time polls close in New York State
are not usually counted. This year.
on the Albany State campus received
their absentee ballots late and
couldn‘t get them in on time.

“I just got mine on Friday.” said
Piche. f‘and i sent in my application
during the first week of school."

A New York District Court ruling
last week said that all overseas

\\\t\\t W i/z/ -.
Blll Sllll

  

SUNYA chapters of fraternities and sororities now will be able to buy
oil-campus houses with funds from the national organization.

big:  -

probably won't be affected by
absentee ballots. but local contests
may be." she said.

Voter registration forms can be'
obtained in bulk. Piche said. but

absentee ballot applications must be '

processed individually. This makes
the process a more difﬁcult and
lengthy one. she said.

Piche estimates that 45.000 SUNY
students Were registered statewide by
SASU this fall. The ballots of as
many as one thousand Albany State
students may be af-
fected by the lawsuits“
outcome. she added. “If
these students are denied the right to
vote.“ said Piche. “what did we do all
this work registering them for?"

      
    
   

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 

  

 
 

   

  
 

 

 
  

  

According to sasu’ Executive Vice Presldonl Dianne visits. manna

 
  

and SASU will initiate a law suit to validate absentee ballots.

Frats to Fraternize Nationally

by Ed Master

A SUNY Board of Trustees deci-
sion announced Tuesday to allow
campus fraternities and sororities to
associate with nation-wide socitil
organizations has been received with
mixed feelings by campus groups.
Following ti recommendation made
by the Student Assembly. the
Trustees last week reversed ti 2? car
SUNY ban on such nritionul rtffiliu-
tion. The Trustees cited national in-
creases in fraternity rind sorority
enrollments ‘rlS well as reduced dis-
crimination in initiation rites in
milking their decision. However.
finiincinl considerations could keep
ctimpus groups frotn joining
nrttionnl fraternities.

"The girls could be turned off by
the extremely high dues." said
Kathleen Riedy. secretary for the

 

Farley Wins State Senate Race

by Mark (irccnstein In the post. l‘urlcy bud spoken of

Sl’Ni'A professor Hugh Farley Qlllnbyus bcingziformidublcoppo-
has it ncwjob its the Republicanstntc ncnt.

Senator from the 44th District. Hard—work and determination

Spcndlng WVCI'HI "1011th Cilm- curried Furleythroughri Republican
pnigning rind gathering support nine-mun primrn‘y race and ex—
tltrotigliout the 44th District which [uhlishcd him the victor of ti litter
include Schenectady. Montgomery. three-wny primary brittle with
l‘ulton. Hutnilton counties rind rt Miiyor Frunk Duci of Schenectady
pull of Surnlogrtfounly.Purlcywtts and Alexander Aldrich. “l wnsn‘t
czillcd t1 "formidable vote getter" on supposed to win any of these."
lttesdnjt by the Associated Press. Fttl'lc)’ siiid. “I just kept going."

Ilc captured the Sctiutc sent for' He claimed his success came from
the chubltcnns by receiving on a personal. people—oriented cum-
o\crwhcltning plurality in the three poign. “l have gone to the people."
mun rricc bctwccn Democratic new- said l-‘tirlcy, Among his platform
comer .lohn M. ()uini by. ittcutnbcnt concerns of lower tttxcs and welfare
stiitc Scnritor Dr. l-rctl lsribcllrt on of the state worker. lirirlcy nlso
tltc libcrril littc tllltl Parley. stressed fulfilling the needs of the

Search for Dean Continues

applications. After the deadline. the
position may he ndvcrtiscd tind
applications received from otttsicd
the SUNY system.

(‘ornmiltee

by Laura Meyers

A committee has been appointed
by SUNYA President limntctt Fields
to begin scrirching for ii new (iSPA
derin.

in finding it replacement for (inry
Cowun. departing dean of the
Graduate School of Public Affairs.
the contniittcc will follow standard
university procedure. Vacancy
notices will be sent to all SUNY
rclrcnchcd administrators rind
teachers. who may all file
applications anytime before the
committee‘s deudline.

In analyzing the

linakli ni

()r ville Poland

Administration.
Political Science. John Gunnell 

itn mcdiutc

prospect offillingthevricnncy.com- 7- Grtiduute Studies. Vincent
mittcc member Professor Orville 0.l.ctiry School of Criminal
Polundsitid."lknowofnorctrcnch- Justice. Franklin Walker #

ed employee who is qualified for the
position.“ According tol’crsonnel Of-
fice procedure. it waiting period Leslie Austin  Political Science
must be established to allow Undergraduate Student
retrenched SUNY faculty to submit tiort.

Administration graduate student.

NOVEMBER 5, 1976

The committee's chtiirinrin is Paul
Mtlfl‘. froin the geography depart-
ment. The other members tire: Abdo
1 Public Administration.
Public Ad-
ministration. Jcrry Wtidc  Public
Webb Fiser 

Political Science. Linda Powell a
Political Science. Ron Forbes 
Scltool of Business. George Frtingos

Economics. Jeffrey Apfcl A Public

Associa-

peoplc tllltl mriintuining rt healthy
Sttttc University.

Besides being it Itcpuhlictin conn-
cilmrin for Niskriyunri. Parley has
been ri professor of busincss low in
SUNYA for elcvcrt years. He is the
Low Coordinator and department
hciid. He will lill\‘t.' ri lciivc of ill‘lSCllCC
next semester while the strtte
legislature is in session rind intends
to return to teach at SUNYA next
full.

First Love

" leaching and my classes tire tny
first love." Pill'lL')’ ttdniittcd. “l have a
genuine tiffcction for my students. If
i hrid to leave tctiching entirely. I
think than would hurt me.“ l‘illlcy
continued. "I nicrin this from the
heart."

At SUNYA. lirirlcy was primarily
ll‘llL‘l'L'blCd in the tindcrgriiduntc stu-
dent.

According to Associate Business
Dcutt Donnld l). Bourquc. Frit'lcy
pushed for improvement in thc
quillity of the undergraduate
progrrini illltl the need to mnintriin an
undergraduate department.

Frirlcy said. “I ltuvc a great deal of
respect for the State University
system. 1 am it product of it. You get
it good education here."

Farley lcnncd back in his office in
the Business Administration
building. smiled rind said about the
election; "It's like it dream. I didn‘t
know that many scntttors and then
rill of sudden I‘m one of them."

"There's ti lot of opportunity for
someone willing to work. I‘m unx-
ions to get iri there and work hard."
stiid Farley.

Frtrley gathered 62.97l votes to
Quitn by's 37.905 and Isabella's poor
showing ofonly l L747 votes. Quim-
by replaced Isabella on the

Chi Sigma Theta Sorority who
doubted her organization wouldjoin
ti nntionulsorority. Dues can include
an individual entrance fee of $80. ric-
cording to Sigma Tau Betti President
.lohn DelJudtrs. in addition to
monthly charges.

Financial benefits its well as
burdens can come out of national
ties. suid DclJudns. Mtrny groups
will lend funds to loczil chapters for
use its a dow n-priyment on :i frrtterni-
ty house. he said. DclJudtis felt that
is his fraternity obtained it lortn for
its own house. it would probably
move off ctlmpus.

Associate Dean for Student Af-
l'rrirs Robert Bristow says national
affiliation can menti more than it
loan. The parent organization may
help locril traits in their recruitment
drives. said Bristow. and can allow

members to meet a wide variety of
people from all over the country.

Indirectly. by putting up the cash
to buy a frat house. national groups
could help Greeks to bemore secure
and independent. Alpha Pi Alpha
President .lohn Vetere of off-
crimpus life said. “you wouldn‘t have
to fill out a form for havinga party."
In ttddilion. it private frat house
would climinntc the present need ofa
fraternity to meet a quota of suites
on ti Quud. suid Vetere.

As it result ofthe 'l'rustees' change
of mind. representatives of national
groups may soon "be on campus
pushing like hell“ for affiliation. says
(ilcnn Murruy. Treasurer of Sigma
Tau Betti. Murray himself doesn't
want to exehunge tbe“fricndship" of
n locril frat for the “too bureaucratic"
large organization.

 

.K ‘
univerle photo service

SUNVA Business Law proiessor Hugh Farley, who ran as a
Republican. won his bid for the 44th District State Senate seat.

Democratic ticket but incumbent
Isabella still run.

The 44th District is a
predominantly Republican district
with it 2-l Republican plurality over
the Democrats. Farley said. "I also
had good support among the
Democrats."

He had been endorsed for the seat
by New York State AFL-CIO. New
York State United Teachers Union

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

and five major newspapers in the
area; The Schenectady Gazette. The
Amsterdam Recorder. The Leader
Herald. The Snrutogitin and The
Hamilton County News.

Farley will be the ﬁrst Republican
state Senator in the seat since I972.
“l was the only state Republican."
said Farley. “who won a new seat
from a Democrat. Every other seat
remained the snare."

PAGE THREE

 

 

