  

 
  

Situated amongst the trees near the infir-
mary, the wandering student will likely come
across the newest addition tothe Albany State
camptu. It is the Alumni House, operated by
the Alumni Association. and it is truelya sight
to behold.

As one approaches the building. con-
tstructed of wood and erected in an A-frame

design, he is reminded of a Swiss chalet. and
the decor inside does little to dispel this im-
pression. To the left is the house's library. not
yet comleted. it is furnished with thick cotn~
fortable chairs and with one ofthe house's l\\o
wood burning fireplaces. It was here tltat i met
Gary Jones, an assistant to the University's
Vice President and'one of the directors or the
Alumni Association. It is through his kind and
detailed tour of the house that this article is
possible.

Alumni house was begun in February at
I975 and was due to be completed six mont hs
later. But.as is commonthesc days. the prolert
required more than twice that much lime and
was not ready for use until the end of Mn
l976. a mere two days before it was to host Its
first conference. Originally the building \tas lw
have been financed bythestate, but the budget
squeeze eliminated this source of funds. and
the Association was forced to depend upon
contributions in orderto complete the prtljccl
Albany's alumni came through when the)
were needed and donated two thirds of the
house‘s $270,000 price tag. The remainder “its
donated by various power and energy com-
panies interested in the solar heating system.
by which the house opertttes.

The purpose of the hottse is to prmnle .1
meeting place for various alumni groups a ho.
up until now have had no place of their own
When not being used by alumni, the house is
open to other groups. either associated wnh

the University or independents. The house hm
a large conference room which can seat up to
l20 people. as well as numerous smaller con—
ference rooms which can accommodate up to
20. The house has its' own kitchen facilities
which. though modest. are more than ade-
quate to provide for a buffet luncheon. Accor-
ding to Mr. Jones. those groups which have
used the house have been pleased and hate
praised it highly. The house is also open to
students looking for a quiet place to chat. or
who simply wish to sit before one of the col)
fireplaces on a cold winter night.

The house is a delightful combination ol'thc

 
 
  

   

s}

a. §T~ . ——"\.’T~Aw.-me"":_r-

  

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

traditional and the modern. There is a small
rathslteller with comfortable wooden tables

- and chairs and a beamed ceiling which gives

the place a lovely rustic appearance. This is
enhanced by the inlayed stone floor. In con-
trast with this is the furniture in the large con-
ference room, known as modular furniture.
These are plush chairs which are easily moved
about and, when not in use, fit perfectly
against one wall to form a large couch. and
hence requiring no storage. The chairs were
designed especially for the house and are a fine
tonvenience.

The Alumni House‘s most modern and out-
standing feature is its solar energy system. It
has gained national recognition and at least
one company. United States Plywood of
Tacoma. is publishing numerous articles
about the system in architectural trade
magazines.

The system operates by a series of copper
pipes which run through the ceiling and allow
water through. The sun‘s rays. passing
through sheets oftottgh plcxiglass which cover
one side of the roof. heat the water as it passes
through the pipes ttnd then send it to one of
two huge tanks underground outside the
house. it is the heat from this waterthttt passes
through the house‘s ventilating system which
keeps the house warm even on the coldest of
days. According to Mr. Jones. the system has
worked without a flaw since it was pttt into
operation last March. The solar system
provides the house with all the heat it needs for
about 70% ofthc year. Duringthosc periods of
extended clottd cover. the house is forced to
switch over to its standby electrical system.
The house is also equipped with a cooling
system which captures cool air at night for use
during the day. though this has not been near-
ly as efficient as the heating system.

The various companies which find a hand in
installing the heating system have also built in
sophisticated measuring devices which
moniter the levels of lteat throughout the
house. These companies. among them Niagra
Mohawk and The Attnospheric Science
Research Center. will continue to study the
results ofthe new system for the next two years
in hopes of ﬁnding any faults which can be
corrected in future uses of solar heating.

All in all. the Alumni House is a fascinating
building. Students are encouraged to stop by
and familiarise themselves with it. it should
prove to be a rewarding visit.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      
     
     
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
  
    
     
     
   
   
       
     
     
     

  
     
     
       
     
     
     
     
  

 
 

     
 

 

 

 

   
      
     
      
 
   
 

As one approaches the building,

    
 

constructed of wood and erected in an

    
   
 

A—frame design, one is reminded of

 
     
 

a Swi chalet, and the decor inside

      
 

does little to dispel this imprcion.

 
 
    
 

 

 
    
 
   

 

   

story by guy [retake photos by howls Jacobo

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 5A

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

