 

 

   

‘m  can... ﬂotation.

ports ; for liminutes to have coffee:

‘ j they-discussed the Playboy‘int‘er

 . or, ‘.
 husbandonldstravels along'w'ithal

 

  
 

_ ,  .Johnso

. Mrs; Johnson said. .

“lounge... that the'

the other Demoia'atic presidents,”

   

‘ At that pointshe broke off her

. conyerpition with reporters by wa'l k- V
" “ng‘yith' her daughter. Luci Nugent.

o'peet  Carter. She took'both

"’ or no, Cortir's hands in here, but
. the two'didnoternbrace. ~

_ After a brief tour of thelibrary ex-
hibits, Mrs. Joliraon. Mrs. Nugeht

A.  Christian President
_.Talre"s Control in Lebanon

CHTOURA, Lebanon (AP) Under
the .protection of Syrian troops and
armor, Elias Sarkis was sworn in
Thursday as the new Christian presi-
dent of wartorn Lebanon.

Many Lebanese saw Sarkis‘
takeover as a possible turning point
in the search for an end to the I7-
month—old Lebanese conflict.

As Sarkis took the oath of office in
this Syrian-occupied town. right-
wing Christians and the alliance‘of
leftist Moslems and Palestinian
guerrillas continued to battle along
the urban front dividing Beirut. the
capital. »

Though a relative calm was
reported during the day along the
three main civil war fronts. hospital
sources estimated the casualty toll as
at least l00 killed and I46 wounded
in a 24-hour period. _

Chtoura, 30 miles east of Beirut.
was chosen as the site for the most
bizarre presidential inauguration in
Lebanon's 30 years of independence
because it was considered the safest
spot for parliament to meet. The
town, under Syrian military occupa-

s _ 
_>_/-_-_-,M‘
”

<.-—r

 

.

W
I 1
{'5‘—
.74;

7-

.p

4
(\—

"turn...

' .. WMQ‘D

tion since last June when l3.000
Syrian troops and 500 tanks took
over two-thirds of Lebanon in an cf-
fort to end the civil war..was ringed
by hundreds of Syrian troops. tanks,
armored .cars and missile launchers.

Lebanese deputies arriving for the
inauguration traveled in motorcades
escorted by truckloads of armed men
of the numerous private militias.
with the bodyguards fingering the
triggers of their heavy machineguns
and other weapons.

The Park Hotel. where parliament
met for the inauguration was cutoff
by lines of red-beretcd soldiers of the
select Syrian Special Security regi-
ment. who forced the accompanying
troops and guards to stay outside.

No One Allowed on Streets

The security precautions imposed
by the Syrian occupation troops
were so strict that no Chtoura
citizens were allowed on the streets.
The people were even barred from
watching the proceedings from the
balconies, which together with

numerous rooftops. were occupied

by more armed Syrian troops.

‘ FRlel'E =‘Erichilada5'demoie
TbcoMenu Every Dayl-li

' :mem.'ea”f‘°inuraabut

led..

:simf'  is'ﬁrcisirniiimsai .
amass, tango Egggpné-sritma riser

.NV 4
Til. Bun. FRI.T|L DWI
W 4'9. .

 

Asked by'reportereafterurd it:

view, Mn. Carter said: “We didn‘t,

-‘ lay Playboy one time.”

' Carter was quoted as saying iiithe.

Playboy interview. which  -
. appear in the magazine's November

issue. “. . . Idon‘tthinitlwould ever-
tske onthe seine frame of mind that
Nixon. a: Johnson did—lying.
cheating and distorting the truth.”

Jody ,Powell', Carter's press
secretary, said 'Carter 'teiephoncd‘
Lady Bird Johnson and expressed
regrets about the story‘and in par-
ticular about'implying that he con-
sidered Nixon and Johnson in the
same category.

Powell said Carter was not malt-
ing excuses for the statement. but
apologizing for it. He said Carter
was trying in the interview to point
out “we all have our shortcomings
and because of that we ought not to
judge others-too harshly for their
mistakes.”

Kissinger
Hopeful

LONDON (AP) Secretary of State
Henry A. Kissinger flew to London
on Thursday from l0 days of shuttl-
ing around Africa tryingto work out
a settlement between black African
leaders and the white regimes of
South Africa and Rhodesia.

Kissinger was to report to Prime
Minister James Callaghan and
Foreign Secretary Anthony
Crosland on his bargaining session
with Rhodesian Prime Minister Ian
Smith. South African Prime
Minister John Vorster and black
leaders of Tanzania, Zambia. Kenya
and Zaire.

Kissinger wound up his African
trip with talks with Kenyan Presi-
dent Jomo Kenyatta. then told
reporters he was leaving Africa with
“a warm feeling and a sense of hope."

Colonial Eleven

continued/ram page one

tion might have been handled better.
believes he acted correctly in not
confronting the student protestors
directly.

“i felt there was a need to preserve
myself as a kind of last place where
people can go and be able to airthcir
views to someone who is detached
from the situation."

“Were i to go and fail." continued
Fields. “this idea of detachment
would have becnscriously blemished
and I would not be able to function
as well in the future crises."

Fields rejected the suggestion of
limiting freshman parking privilege
as a' possible alternate solution to the
parking problem. “I cringe. at the
thought of telling people thatlthey
can't drive to this school." he said.

in future matters of this sort. stu-
dent invol’vcmentmust be increased,

necdrding to the president. "it's- so’

much easier to look back with hind-
sight. That is where we went wrong.
We‘ should have had more student
input.” - v

v “For all-of its intended, this had

the elements of a Greek tragedy."

Fields reflected” “We chose' the

more relaxed of 'thetwoalternatives:

We could've charged them with
either disorderly conduct or a' mis-
deme'snor. and we chose the lets
serious."

pose-amt P  . . 
ionissrss'uno. South Africa (AP) Police ﬁnd youth; shots 0..
crowded‘rtree'ti in the heart of Johannesburg yesterday to break up
'antigoverninent demonstrations by roving mobeof black youths. It was the
timetable“ of raciil violence inv‘white" Johannesburg since a buck
upheavefbegsn in mid-June in the Soweto Mtowuhip south of the city.
'Tiie'young blacks threw homemade gasoline bombs-and-roch at shops.
Several shootings and stabbin' were report“. and there were chm,
between black-youth and wﬂte civilians before. of riot poll“
dispersed the demonstrators. Ambulances took'reVerel people to harping,
but there were no estimates otcrsos‘lties. Byewitneues raid the police shot ..
least one youth. ’

Soviet Cosmonaute Return to Earth

MOSCOW (AP) The two Soyuz 22 cosmonauts returned to earth yesterday
after an eight-day photography minion'in. space. Tass announced. Col.
Valery Bykovsky, the flight engineer Vlldlmll' Aksenov partiehtited to earth
in their return vehicle on the Kazakhstan stepper east of the Batkonur space
center. the official Soviet news agency said.‘They landed 94 miles north of
Moscow. Tsss reported. They were sent up in Soyuz 22 from Baikonur on
September is. Tass' said the mission. billed asha cooperative Socialist
program with East Germany, “has been fully carried out. The report said
Bykovsky, a 42-year-old space veteran. and Aksenov, a 4l-year-old ctVlitan
on his ﬁrst flight, “feel well.“

Harrises Plead Innocent In Kidnap ‘
BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) Complaining that a guard had scufﬂed With them
outside the courtroom. William and Emily Harris pleaded innocent Thurs. to
the kidnapping of Patricia Hearst. who isto be sentenced today tora terrorist
bank robbery. The Harrises appeared in Municipal Court here. about a mile
from the apartment where the Symbionesc Liberation Army snatched Miss
Hearst from the life she had known two and a half years ago and held her
captive until she’swore them allegiance. The Harrises were arraigned on a
criminal complaint. Miss Hearst was in a cell in the Federal Youth
Correctional Facility in Pleasanton.about 40 miles southeast of herc.Thc 22»
year-old newspaper heiress was ﬂown there Wednesday from it san Diego
facility where she had been undergoing court-ordered psychtatrtc testing
before final sentencing.
Viking Makes Discovery on More
PASADENA, Calif. (AP) Viking 2‘s discovery of frozen water at the north
pole of Mars raises the possibility that some form of life may be locked
beneath the icy surface, scientists say. Crofton B. Farmer. an atmospheric
scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory here, said the discovery announced
Wednesday constitutes “another shred of evidence" that conditions on the
red planet may once have been suitable for life. As a result. he said. future
searches for traces of Martian life may turn to the planet‘s north pole. The
discovery by Viking 2‘s orbiter counters theories that Mars' polar regions are
composed mostly of frozen carbon dioxide gas. with only traces of water.
Water is generally considered a basic ingredient for the evolution of life.

Bill Scams US Aid In Arab Boycott

WASHINGTON (AP) The House approved an export control bill
Wednesday night with a sweeping prohibition against any US. company
participating in the Arab boycott against lsrael. An opponent, Rep. Hob
Michel. R-ll|.. said the bill would put tens of thousands of people out at work
because of lost Arab business. But supporters including Rep. Thomas 
Morgan. D-Pa.. chairman of the international Relations Committee. said
Congress must stop Arabs‘ "discriminating against American citizensf'i he
bill also contains restrictions aimed at preventing foreign countries trom
using US. nuclear reactor fuel to makeexplosive devices as lndin did in I974.

Fossils Show Evidence oI Land Bridge

WASHINGTON (AP) Scientists say they have found the first fossil evidcncc
indicating that a land bridge once spanned the northern Atlantic Ocean
between North America and Europe. Fossils of mammals, birds and other
animals found this summer on Canada’s Ellesmere island. located above the
Arctic Circle west of Greenland. match similar remains found in western
Europe and the western United States. they said. Dr. Robert M. West of the
Milwaukee Public Museum in Wisconsin and Dr. Mary R. Dawson oi the
Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh announced the findings
Wednesday at a scientific meeting in Montpcllicr. France.

Saxe Murder Trlai Jurlets Study Case

BOSTON (AP) The 16-member jury in the murder-bank robbery trial of
Susan E. Shite—one of the most carefully selected panels in state history
was expected to get down to work yesterday beginning with a tour ot the
scene of the crime. The nine men and seven‘wome'n seated Wednesday Wu”
scheduled to visit the State Street Bank and Trust Co.‘s Brighton branch. it
was during a robbery there in I970 that Boston Patrolman Walter Schroeder
was shot to death. The jury selection process. which took seven days and
inGiUdﬂi cxlemit’e examination of I92 prospectivejurors, netted a panel that
was "somewhat better than we expected." said defense lawyer Nuncy
Gertner. “We did the best we could." she siiid.

Cause of Explosion .Betuddle’s Police

NEW YORK (AP) An explosion blew out a plate glass door at the Academy
of Music theater oneast I4th Street early yesterday but police said they WC"
mystified about its cause. The theater, it former movie house in Union Still“re
area.vreopened only last weekend as a concert house. presenting the to?“
Foul? Vibe Band." The explosion also damaged several glass dbP'il’ “Wis ”‘
the theater lobby. One employe. Allen Awry. a porter, suffered minor
injuries and was treated at St. Vincent's Hospital. Bomb squad I’M-“Wm
“mill ""0th the broken glass yesterday in an effort to find a tract: of If”
explosive device.

 

race two

mtwu. .~. J .‘Ah.‘..';. 3'.

a  amour mass

urn» v... t u, min I

summon si. 1m ‘

   
  
  

  
 
 
     
 
 
  
 
  
   
    
 
   
     
     
  
   
 

      

«t‘

 

by Moi-crunch:

authorized by the University to
review and respond'to the Board of
Regents Tentative Statewide Plan
for the Development of Postsecon-
dtiry Education. They Will report to-
day that they regard it to ' be
dctrimetttttl to the progress ofhigher
._ cdtlcution in the State of New York
and they urge it not to be adopted in
its present forth.
Chairperson of the Sentttc. Clara
Tucker said. “A letter will be sent out

    
        
      

  

      
  

Drona
nudist in?”

a:

AnEgtectitive Committee 

if 
MT

 
     
     

professor Lot” Histdt‘y‘ continued.

“The goal is' to have the [regents]

plan rejected." '
The Presidents of the SUNYA

Faculty Senate and the Presidents of

the University Centers at lii’nglutm-
ton. Buffalo. and Stony Brook have

their own reservations about the

Tentative Master Plan.
According to Clifford Clark,

 
  

According to Cl
increase in tuition

‘ r

t about $200 a ycar

 

also an assist tit

ark. the proposed
\vould amount to
for undergraduate

proposed long term plan for finan-
cing post secondary education irithis

  

state call for substantial increases in '

tuition at public institutions." Clark
continued in reﬂection to the I9l
pagc'fentutivc Master Plan. “Ifthis"
plan is implemented. i am convinced
that it will prevent thousands from
attending colleges and universities in
New York and commit scarce
resources to inefficient and wasteful

   
  
   

  

hupferberg

Students protesting the arrest of eleven parking lot demonstrators carry signs In front at the
administration building yesterday.

SOP ProtestsParking Arrests

it) Robert (‘ohcn

Sonic lit) students gathered ycstcr-
tiny ill from of the Administration
iilllitilllg to protest the arrest of
clctcnstutlcnts Monday in an action
cullctl by the Slutlcnl ()r‘gitni/ing
l't'ojccl.

lltu'ycy Lilli. a member of SOI’
bcgan thc noon demonstration with
a tlcmtuul lot "it ptiblic apology by
i’t'csttlcnl i‘icltls for his arbitrary tit-
lack upon stutlcnl rights." l.tlfl said
if i‘icitis rctttscs to have charges
tii'IlppL‘ti for the students. he faces ll
"ltu'lltcr erosion of his credibility
and tuct'cztsctl doubts about his abili-
Iy to lead this university."

'l'lic clcvcti sl udcnts are scheduled
to appear in Albany l’olicc Court
Monthly on charges of disorderly
conduct.

The demonstration was called for
'i'ucstlity night by Joe Dickct‘.
orgnni/cr for SOI’. who said “it gap
has bccn lcft by u non-rcsponsivc
Student Association in matters of
public policy and
priorities."

“'l'hcyjust haven't rcuctcd tothcsc
studctit concerns." Dicker con-
tinued. “as evidenced by their
ticluyctl action in the parking lot
thing."

Dickcr called for a student body

university

which would “negotiate on behalf of
the students with the university on
matters related to academics."
"We did not have ii good turn—
out." Dickcr sitld. “We had
orguni/ation problems." Socialists
anti other groups began to argue
with the demonstrators shortly after
tltc action began. Discussion
centered on the appropriateness of
the protest and the correct methods
to be employed in dealing with the
administration in similar matters.
(ircg I.cssnc. Central Council
Chairperson. said thc demonstration
"was not beneficial to the arrested
('(l/llfllllt'tl' rm [mgr-four

- sident LSUNY ‘at Bingiiiimton. y' ,-
The provisions-of the Regents *

students and about SLOOOa year in-'
crease for graduate students in
public institutions.“ .
.lohn Toll. President at Stony
Brook believes. “These high costs to
students would greatly reduce
academic opportunities for the
citizens of New York State com-
pared with those available to
students in any major state."
According to Dr. Philip
Tompkins. it member of the Ex-
ecutive Comm ittce ( Ex officio) t ltcrc
are other factors involved thansimp—
ly the tuition incrcusc. 'l’hc iioztrd of
Regents scents to Tompkins to be
showing bias towards private
colleges and universities. ‘l‘onipkins
speculates. “private colleges and titt-
ivcrsitics are coming under in-
creasing financial tlifticultics. it
would be natural il i were from a
private school to do what i could to
help my school." Tompkins. who is
also chairman for thc RCO depart-
ment continued. "My guess is that
the liont‘tl of Regents are more likely
to have conic from private colleges."
The Executive Committee is dis-
turbed by the markcd bins which the
Board of Regents I'cnlulivc
Stntcwidc i’lnn shows towards tltc
privalc institutions in this state, The
proposals with I‘Cgill’ti to the finttn-
cing ol higher education llllti those
relating to graduate programs in the
SUNY system imply that SUNY's
role in graduate cducationsliottld be
inferior to that of thc privatc in-
siltutiotts.‘ according to Committee

financing post-secondary edueet ‘

in this- State call for substantial in-»
creased in tuition at public; in-. :'
stitutions. and a four fold increase in -
State support for private or indepen- .

dent institutions.“ r ‘

Tompkin‘s said that the plan is I

"tentative" and 'was not draWn up by
the Board of Regents but by their
stu‘tt'. Tucker said. “The Senate is
alarmed and this is why the Ex-
ecutive Committee wrote a letter
protesting the Regents plan."

Another controversial issue
effects the quality of the graduate
schools. Clark said. “The impact of
tire cnormous increase proposed in
ttiltion for students pursuing. to
planning to pursue. graduate or
professional study in public in-
stiltliitins would be catastrophic."
He said “The Regents plan would
drastically reduce enrollments in
graduate and professional programs
as ll matter of arbitrary policy."

'l‘ompkins said the Regents also
suggested doing away with Tenure.
'l'ompkins said. “They suggest we
consider a Sycar plan contract which
is I'clIt,‘\\‘iIi‘liL' every five years tip until
the age of (:5. when only one year in-
lt‘I'HIiS \\lii ht' nitscihlt' :Il'tt‘l‘tvtii'lic "

'I'ompkinsrsuid. “This is in opposi-
tion to academic common law and
the Board of Trustees, which do
allow for continued appointments
and tenure. These are also matters
which are subject to collective
bargaining as stated . under the
Taylor Law.“

Student Dies of Heart “
Attack Playing in Gym

by Tom Martcllo

A SUNYA freshman suffered a
fatal heart attack shortly tifth play-
ing basketball iii the campus gym
'I‘ucsday night.

The student. Leslie Dcuisch. ncvcr
regained consciousness dcspitc cx-
tensch efforts to revive him.
Dcutsch had been playing basketball
and ltad licd down to rest after tlu-
game.

Two other students remained in

SUNYA Students Appear in Documentary

by Ed Moser

Students and professors from
SUNYA were interviewed as part of
it Public Broadcasting System TV
show Wednesday night entitled ‘A
New Generation: Shades of Gray.‘

Fulton-Montgomery College and
Skidmorc College also participated
in the program. which dealt with
how different the attitudes of today‘s
college students compare to the
I960‘s.

The show opened and closed with
film footage of students
demonstrating against the Vietnam
War and of police assaulting
demonstrators. while those inter-
viewed spoke ofthe change in mood.

"it seems incredible it (the peace
movement) disappeared so fast."
said one student. and “in college all
the talk is about what happened in
the ltitc '60's.“ told another.

Garbage Bound

One girl. the student president of
her college. said she had received
mail from Kent State students who
Were still investigating the I970

"What good will it do at this point'll
just threw the letters inthc garbage."

What's happened to change
students‘ heads around? That there is
now ‘no one big issue‘ such as the
Vietnam War was often cited as a
reason in the program.

A professor stated that a few years
ago a st udent's interests were cutout
for him: “They didn‘t even have to
think about what they were going to
commit themselves to."

A student said. “Since the war I
haven't seen an issue so morally
reprehensible that i would go out
and do something morally reprehen-
siblc to protest it."

"i wouldn‘t take over a school
building. . ."cchoedanotherwitha
grimnce of disgust . . . unless there
was a good enough cause."

Many felt the attitude change was
due to the shift from the '60's boom
economy to the ‘70‘s tight job
market. -

One man. a veteran of ’60's ac-
tivism. said students could formerly
drop out of school for a year and

there. But no." lie went on. “students
don‘t have the luxury of doing that."
A job shortage means students are
“concerned their grades are as good
as they can make them. This adds to
their marketability." said a
professor.

A second person emphasized this:
“students are much more prepared
today for what they‘ll do after
college. they're worried about a
marketable skill, they're more con-'
ccrned about getting into graduate .
schools."

Commenting on the past decade's
civil disobedience. said a student
jokingly. “You can't get arrested.
else you'll never get a job.“

There was a feeling withsome that
student activism had been futile:
“Students were beating their heads
agaimt the wall and didn't get
anywhere." and a sarcastic “we can
see how far it got them" were two
comments in this respect. A like sen-
timent was expressed that a campus
was a poor place to makca “dent” or
an influenCe on the societv.

whether the change in-colleges was

good or bad. “Students have simply

gone too far in the other direction,"

stated one professor who saw too

much competition among students

as leading to widespread cheating.
Couch Cases

Over anxious to succeed. “this
generation of students will make
good customers on the couch of “any
money-hungry psychiatrist." be con-
tinued.

Others complained about the
possible consequences of current
student apathy toward politics. “if
we don't get involved. . .if we don't
vote. the government can take off
and go into whatever directions they
want." was one such wanting.

Yet those who didn't lament the
passing of the “60's felt they were be-
ing realistic. if demonstrations were
indeed f utile. then “you have to try
change. form another angle." said a
student. while another admitted. “I
don't want to change the world. The
best I can do is to leaveichool with
greater personal knowledge and

the gym with Deuthch. freshmen
Lentiy Left and Steve Goidstcin. The
two at first did not notice anything
wrong with Dcutscli. but when they
approached him. they saw that he
was glussy-cycd.

“We both picked tip one arm and
when we felt no muscle reaction. we
knew that there was something
wrong.“ Leff said.

They ran down the stairs into the
locker room where im attendant
made a call for medical help. After
that. (ioldstciii run through the gym.
yelling for people who knew first aid
to come to ltclp.

One student attempted mouth-to-
mouth resuscitation. but only for a
short while. Finally. the lifeguard on
dut y emerged from the pool area and
arrived on the scene.

The lifeguard. Bryan Holzbcrg.
immediately, began to administer
mouth to mouth resuscitation and
heart massage to the victim. .

Despite Holzberg‘s efforts
Deutsclt gave noresponse. Whenthe
Five Quad ambulance arrived.
Deutsch was placed on a-stretcher
while first aid was continued.

Pronounced Dead
Deutsch was rushed to the
emergency room where last minute
efforts to revive him failed. He was
pronounced dead at I0:10 p.n_i. of a
cardiac arrest. The freshman was
from Forest Hiiil. Queens.
According to leff. a phone call
home byl the doctors revealed that
the victim apparently had a heart
ﬂutter. ‘ ‘
“it‘s hard to understand.” said.
Leif. “lie was so anxious to play and
we didn't play that strenuously. Not
once did liecornptain. ltjustdoesn't

shootings there. She shrugged. return knowing "the jobs were still l""I’i' did. “0‘ “3’” awareness." moire settle." .

 

SEPTEMBER 24, 1970'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' rm 

 
    
 
   
     
   
    

    
   

 

  
    
   
    
     
 

           
 
 

       
   
  
   
      
     
    
  
  
   
     
    
     
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
     
      
       
  
     
    
  
 
   
       
       
       
 
     
  

