 

 

. ‘_  -

.,...h,.¢..s4....~..a.§4mm domain..~M..w~.,r...-:.s~‘..r...,  :‘

 

5:

 

 

 

IUMMW— a“ _... 

w~

 

   
  
  

y :Chira’c'fs’aid s
dressed to France amounted to “un-
called for intervention by the
' American authorities in'the internal
affairi'of our‘country.“

 
 

   
   
   

    
  
  

 
 

‘ , deologiealrival. Msots China.The
: Soviets have now toidb‘oth groups
"t. ' ow's’l understanding of
Communist ideology is the right one
and that the Soviet Union will not
meet them halfway on practical and
theoretical questions.
A leading Kremlin spokesman.
Yuri Zhukov. had declared in his

  
 
 
  
  

 

 

re'gular television program last-

Saturday night thattalk of a full split
between Moscow and the Western
parties—particularly the French and
Italian Communists—is a concoc-
tion of the capitalist news media.
Both the French and Italian Corn-
munists are publicly committed to
pursuing their own brands of

Marxism-Leninism as well as to,
parliamentary means of achieving-

power. The formula appears to be
paying off with regional electoral
victories in both NATO countries.

 

 

  
  
 
  
  

 

  

 
 

Whether the split" between the
Kremlin sn‘d thefltalian and French
parties is complete or not. Moscow's
relations with the 'Western parties
appear to be at their-lowest public
ebb ever. A top Czechoslovak Com-
munist ofﬁcial. Josef Kempny.
sounded a similar warning against
independent-minded parties last
weekend in a speech in northern
Bohemia. suggesting the entire East
Bloc may be involved in the cam-
paign. Romania. however. has been
pursuing its own independent
foreign policy for some time.

. Mimi's The Word

SIIIOV. 73. did not mention
Western parties by name. But
Western Communists on Thursday
took the speech as aimed squarely at
them. M

“Everything opportunists present
as some regional or national versions

A .4. Sovret'A demy of- Sci

‘ , series of recent statriments by French
randltalianiCommunist party leaders
7 who have calledforj respect for the-
autonomy of each communist party j
and ; recognition of national
differences. ‘

  
 
 

Suslov‘s assertion cuts against ajv

Gaston, Plissonnier. second

secretaryof the French Communist
party. stressed in his speech to the
25th Soviet party congressFeb'. 28
that his party wants “socialism in
French colors." '

Italian party leader Enrico

Ecrlinguer told the congress that
Socialist society should “guarantee
the respect of all individual and
collective freedoms, of religious
freedom and freedom in the ﬁelds of

culture. arts and sciences."

Both the French and the Italians
say they support a multi-party future
Socialist state, whilethe Soviets con-
sider the Communist party alone
sufﬁcient to represent their citizens.

The real barb in Suslov‘s speech—
the reference to “regional” and
“national” Marxism—was carried
Wednesday night by the government

newspaper Izvestia and the of-
ﬁcial news agency Tass.

Injunctions End Several State- Wide SUNY Sit-Ins

continued from page one
Enghamton. which arethe two most
organized of the state campuses. is
the demand for open SUNY Board
of Trustees meetings to determirte a
course of action during the present
ﬁscal crisis.

Purchase was the ﬁrst to protest in
response to the demonstration at the
Capitol in Albany last Tuesday. 400
students and 40 faculty members

took over the administration
building early Wednesday morning.
Students are presently boycotting
classes in a show of solidarity. but a
spokesman for the protestors ex-
pressed doubts about the students
continuing control of the ad-
ministration building: "I don't know
how much longer that will last. es-
pecially after what happened at
Fredonia."

Fredonia was next to protest with
students demonstrating in President
Dallas K. Best's ofﬁce in what was
largely a symbolic protest until Sun-
day afternoon. when approximately
20 students barricaded themselves
into Beel‘s ofﬁce and refused to leave
until their demands were met. All the

demonstrators left. however. 'after

i STUDENTS:

The Student Association is
now handling thesis work.

 

ca 7-3428

PAGE TWO

We will print and collate
all papers for you. '

For information

an injunction was served early Mon-
day morning

Several hundred New Paltz
students took over their administra-
tion building on Thursday after sen-
ding telegrams the day before to
both _ Fredonia and ‘ Purchase ‘
proclaiming support for their. ac-

tions. The protestors. though. do not

have the support of the student
government. the faculty. or the stu-
dent body according to the Oracle.
the New Paltz student Incwspaper.
The number of those in the ad-
ministration building hus dwindled.
and as of Monday Was estimated to
be between 25 and 30.

Forty students at Binghamton
took tverthe eighthfloor oftheir ad-
ministration building at 1:00pm on
Thursday. Within several hours hun-
dreds of students. faculty and
workers had occupied the rest ofthe
building

Information Center

Binghamton has served as the'

communications and information
center for the state campuses. cs-
tablishing an information line at
WHRW. the campus radio station.

Threatened with a court order on

 

[needed by unit! Winn E

 

Saturday. the protestors left the
building that evening. promising to
continue their ﬁght against the cut-
backs. Eventhough the Binghamton
administration was by far the most
cooperative of all the state schools.
protestors still dcnouncedthem. say-
ing “we refuse to continue to put up
with their meaningless negotiations
and empty compromises.“

In a statement issued as they left
the building. Binghamton students
also attacked the Board of Trustees.
“Clearly they prefer to see us injured
and arrested than changethcir elitist
practices that control the quality of
education in this state."

Old Wcstbury students have been
in control of their administration
building since Thursday and plan to
remain until their demands are
agreed to. These demands rclzttc
,spcciﬁcally to the campus. The
proteslors are apparently not ascon-
ccrncd as the other schools with the
SUNY Trustees meetings.

At Buffalo. both SUNY schools
took action late last Week. Buffalo
State College staged a symbolic
protest. sittingin on the ﬁrst floor of
their .ndminisiration building. and
allowing university business to
progress as normal.

At SU NY Buffalo. students rallied
and marched on their administration
building but found it surrounded by
campus security. They were refused
entry. and one student was arrested
in the course of the demonstration.

Kick
is
coming

KIck-irr-ihe-A SP1: coming in the
April 2 edition of the Albany Stit-
detd Press—watch for it/

 

 

 
  
   
 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Congress.“ a to Meet FEC Deadline
WASHINGTON (AP) The federal matching funds faucet turned off for
presidential candidates Monday with a ﬁnal million-dollar splash as
con ' 'ssed a Supreme Court deadline for reconstituting the Federal
Election Commission. How long the infusion of government money imo
primary campaigns might be, held up depends now on when—or whether—
Congress and President Ford agree onlegislation rewriting federal election
Iaw.’The court. after ruling Jan. 30 that the FEC was unconstitutionally
appointed. twice gave Congress a chance to pass new legislation. Attempts at
a simple revision of the law bogged down in disputes over further-reaching
and politically signiﬁcant proposed changes.

Security Council Votes PLO Participation

UNITED NATIONS, N.Y. (AP) The Security Council Monday opened a
debate on Israeli practices in occupied Arab territories by voting. ovcr uls,
objections, to invite the Palestine Liberation Organization to participl.1c_
The vote set the stage for the ﬁrst direct confrontation between lsracl and the
PLO in the council. Casting the lone vote against giving the Palestinians the
same rights as a member state at the Council table. U.S. Ambassador
William W. Scranton declared that the move was a “concerted attempt to
disregard the rules of procedure."

Cunningham to Appear Before Court

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The Court of Appeals has set next Tuesday for
arguments on state Democratic Chairman Patrick Cunningham‘s effort to
quash a grandjury subpoena issued by Maurice Nadjari. the special Stine
corruption prosecutor. Nadjari has charged that Cunningham. who is also
the Bronx County party chairman. has been involved in “selling” judgcships
in the Bronx. Twocouns have ruled that Cunningham must testify before the
grand jury and the Court of Appeals represents his last chance to avoid
testifying. lf Cunningham refuses to waive his right to avoid self-
incrimination while testifying. the law requires him to quit his party posts.

UNITA Gives Up Hope In Angolan War
JOHANNESBURG. South Africa (AP) Battered by their enemies and cold
shouldered by their former friends. pro~Western factions in Angola liinciusl
about given up their last-ditch guerilla war against the Soviet-supported
Marxist government. According to a newspaper here Monday the gucrrilln
forces of Jonas Savimbi's National Union UNITA in Angola ltavu“\'i|1uully
disintegrated" in the face of a series of attacks by MiG-2| fighter-bombers of
the Popular Movement MPLA government. The report of the attack cumct
at a time when UNITA is finding itself almost completely isolated from tin-
outside world as former staunch allies in states surrounding Angolu WH‘I
their links and quietly show it the door.

Reagan Campaigns In North Carolina

RALEIGH. N.C.,_(AP) Republican Ronald Reagan and Democrat (icorgc
C. Wallace campaigned against the odds Monday. battling for tipst‘h but
insisting that defeat in the North Carolina presidential primary cit-coon
would not be fatal to their faltering White House campaigns. The “Hollies.
President Ford and former Georgia Gov. Jim Carter. left their cumptugntng
in the hands of organizers and volunteers working on telephone tlfl\‘L'.\ logci
out their supporters Tuesday in the sixth ofthe presidential primaries find
is five for five. and Carter has lost only once. to Sen. Henry M. Jackson 01
Washington. who is not campaigning in North Carolina.

  

Lebanese Parliament to Appoint New Head
BEIRUT. Lebitnon (AP) Lebanese politicians agreed on it lut‘c-suung
resignation formula forthe deﬁant Christian president Mtintlil)'il.\ ('lnisnun
and Moslcm gunmen fought the heaviest artillery battle of IlIL' mu nut.
President Suleiman Franjich participated in the compromise ucgottuuuru
but apparently gave no ﬁrm promises to abide by the formula. llc huslumly
resisted military threats to blast him out of his palace. 'l‘hc dcui llit‘llltlt‘d
revising the constitution to allow parliament to pick a new prwdcnl
beginning Tuesday. the radio said. This is ahead of thc normul tunctuhlc.
which would be two months priortothe Sept. 24cxpirution of i'rnnuch‘tstt-
year term. Election of a new president by parliament was intcndcd to mch
Franjich‘s insistence that he not appear to be quitting under the guru 0f
Moslem soldiers demanding his ouster.

Brltaln Moves to Prevent Race War

LONDON (Al’) Britain. counting on Soviet hclp. launched new mom
Monday to head off a race war in southern Africa. The British untinutc.
announced by Foreign Secretary James Callaghan. would lift economic
sanctions against Rhodesia and provide aid in return for a quick trunsict ol
power from Rhodesia's white minority to the black majority. llui ('ullugllﬂ"
cautioned that Rhodesian Prime Minister Ian Smith's “contradictory
Slﬂlb‘mcnts give Very little r_oom for believing one can negotiate wnh lnm. I
am not really hopeful." ”

- Court to Decide on Children's Rights
WASHINGTON, (AP) The Supreme Court agreed Monday l“ “CW
whether children have a constitutional right to a hearing before their parents
can commit them to a state mental institution. Thirty-eight slates and thc
District of Columbia allow parents to voluntarily commit their children ‘0'
mental treatment. A three-judge federal courg in Pennsylvania found that
some children were being committed for such reasons as to permit the rest of
the family to go on vacation. Tits court ruled that parents may "0‘ “Mm
constitutional rights of their children.»

1
MARCH 23. 1976

  
    

  
   

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

    

  
  
 

    

 
  
 
 

 

   

 

 

  

 

  

   

 

 

  

 
  

 

 

slow-iv

 

 

SA Presldent Andy Southern and Vice President Rick Mseklar helda
press conference to discuss President Fields' response to the Task
Force report. and the events at last Tuesday's demonstration.

SUNYA Gets a New Name

by Phil Moltss'

What‘s in a name? Apparently
SUNYA administrators have decid-
ed that concrete by any other name is
just as white. and so from now on
this campus will be known as The
University at Albany.

The shortened name will accom-
pany a new logo. or trademark, on
all univcrsity press releases. internal
documents. and the like.

“State University of New York at
Albany continucstobctheformalti—
lie of the institution." according to
Vice President for University Affairs
Lewis Wclch. “The logo is keyed to a
short informal title for the campus.
designed to sharpen the identifica-
tion of the campus in Albany." ex-
plained Wclch. “It is a problem
which I think has occurred to many
people over the past [5 years. since
the designation of units within
SUNYA was adopted."

It may not be a problem at other
St] NY colleges. but here the
presence of so many state-connected
organizations. i.c.. the SUNY
Chancellor‘s Ofﬁce. University of
the State of New York (Education
Department). necessitates tltc use of
a distinctive name for SUNYA.

The new logo was dcsigncd by
Bruce Stewart of the Community
Relations Office and. according to
Wclch. the design has actually been
in moderate use for about a year. It
has appeared in several campus
publications. including the Tower
Tribune.

Some questions have arisen con-
ccrningtltt cost ofudoptingthc logo.
Wclch denies that adoptingthc new
design will incur any great costs for
the university.

"We're not going to throw
anything away. wc‘ll simply begin in-
troducing [the name and logo] ap<
propriutcly." Wclch explained. “It
doesn‘t involve redoing anything. I
think it will make an attractch
lcllcl‘liclltl. and since we print it
ourselves. little change in cost will be
felt."

According to Welch. entrance
signs. etc.. will be changed only as
they would normally be refurbished.

“I don't anticipate [the Chang] to
come overnight, or even over the
course of a few weeks or months.
since so many groups are involved.“
commented Wclch. "but in the near
future it should serve to clear up any
problems with identificationlwhich
we have had."

Anti-ERA

by Amy S. Cohen

Investigative reporter for the New
York Public Interest Research
Group Larry Kraftowitz accused
anti-Equal Rights Amendment
groups of “dirty tricks.“ in a report
to the press Friday. NYPIRG dis-
covered that an anti-ERA group.
Operation Wake-up. had ﬁled a
ﬁnancial statement with the State
Board of Elections accounting for a
total of 55.000. This figure appeared
too low in light of the 5150.000
reported by pro-ERA groups and
the devastating defeat of the bill.

Further Investigation

NYPIRG looked into the matter
further and found that no other
groups. such as the John Birch
Society (JBS). The Young
Americans for Freedom. orthe Con-
servative Party. which werelatcr dis-
covered to be working with Opera-
tion Wake-up in its quest to defeat
the ERA. filed such statements with
tile State Board of Elections. JBS
and Young Americans for Freedom
justified their failure to ﬁle byclaim-
ing that as “educational
organizations" they are exempt from
laws which rcgulutc political com-
mittccs. Accordingto State Election
Law however. this is not the case
because both are politically active
groups.

According to NYPIRG. in uddi-
tion to the failure to ﬁle ﬁnancial
statcmcnts. these organizations filed

1H€ unnetnwn Aunnv

MARCH 23, 1976

Willy  .

Student Association Prestdent
Andy Bauman and Vice President

‘ Rick Meckler' held a press con-
‘-.ference Thursday in the Campus

Center Assembly Hall to discuss
President Fields' response to' the
Task Force report and the events at
Tuesday's demonstration at the

Wclch Denies

Capitol: A . .

t

Bauman’referred to the work and

decisions "of the Task Force as
"reasonable."~'but was critical of

Fields‘ failure to alter any of its

decisions. even though two groups

Fields had appointed t‘o review it had

found I4 major areas on concern.

Bauman said that although all of

Destruction .

0f Task Force Materials

' by David Winrclberg

Vice President for University Al'-
fairs Lewis I’. Wclch has denied that
the mittcriuls consulted by the
Presidential Task Force on
Priorities and Resources were
destroyed as charged by Student
Association President Andy
Bauman.

The denial was conveyed via a
special reply delivered to the Albany
Student Press. a few hours after
Baumunvoiccdthechargeduringhis
Thursday press conference.

Wclch. speaking for the ad-
ministration. said that “the materials
were available to both Task Force
report rcvicwcrs; the University
Scnatc Council on Educational
Policy and the Senate‘s Executive
Committee.

Wclch said. “President Fields did
not invite the Council on
Educational Policy and the Ex-
ccutivc Committee of the Senate to
rc-do the evaluation process cont-

pletcd by the Task Force." He said
that “the president asked those
Senate bodies to examine the ef-
ficacy and integrity of the Task
Force processes.“

Bauman criticized the administra-
tion for cutting the faculty. while
maintaining administrative
positions. Wclch replied. “Overtwm
thirds, of the personnel cuts
recommended by President Fields
were in administrative support
areas: less than one-third were in
teaching faculty."

In rcgurdsto complaints about the
Nursing phase-out. Wclch said.
“President Fields. as indicated
cttrlicr. rcgrcts dccply the necessity
to recommend phasing out of the
School of Nursing.“

According to the administration
reply. the reports ofthe Task Force.
the CEP and the Executive Com-
mittee of the Senate are available for
consultation at the reserve desk ol'
the library.

   
   
  
    

the Task Force works
destroyed.stth rw review;
councils were only I give till
authority. they still agreed upo _
[4 concerns. all of Which Fields re-
jected. He was highly critical ofsome '
of the methods used by the Task
Force. speciﬁcally its failure to.cut
more than two positions from the
administration. while cutting 96
positions from all other areas of the
university. 'Bauman also criticized
the decision to phase out the nursing
program.

According to Meckler. a main
point of the conference was to point
out that the needs for budget cuts
should not be used as an excuse to
reshape the academic direction of
the university.

In reference to the rally Tuesday.
Bauman said that the SUNYA
students had been orderly during
their march to the Capitol building.
and remained apart from the
relatively few students causing
violence.

A press release issued at the news
conference restated the original pur-
poses of the rally: »

“We sympathize with the plight of
the City University students. many
of whom face a total shutdown of
their universities. When Hugh Carey
ran for Governor. we students sup-
ported him on the basis of his com-
mitment to ‘holding the line on tui-
tion while maintaining higher educa-
tion as a priority of the state budget.‘
It is a commitment which we feel he
never intended to keep. In conclu-
sion. there is a pressing need for low
cost. higher education.“

Groups Accused of Dirty Tricks

no report of their advartising ac-
tivities. as is required by law. Kraf-
towitz explained that these groups
are guilty of spreading erroneous in-
formation in rclationtothclawsthat
would arise as a result of the ERA.
They stated that the ERA would
mandate the use of uni-sex toilets.
endorse homosexual marriages. and
invalidate rape laws. Each of the

above has been refuted by the Senate
Judiciary Committee reports on the
amendment.

According to Paul Hudson. 8
NYPI RG staff attorney. "It is crucial
that the elective process not be sub-
verted." He said anti—ERA groups
have been secretly funding front
organizations. Hudson sees this as
unfair to the voters who musi know

the source of political adver-
tisements. so as to be better able to
judge their credibility.

NYPIRG is urging the Board of
Elections to start an investigation of
these violations ofthe law. They feel
they have “uncovered the tip of an
iceberg." and now hope that the
Board of Elections will uncover the
underlying body.

Marijuana Law Reform Discussed

by Amy S. Cohen

“An ounce of marijuana can still
get you l5 years in New York State."
said Robert Voorhis. author of The
Truth About Marijuana. He and
Mark Travis. a full-time lobbyist for
NYPIRG from SUNY at Buffalo.
spoke about pot reform to a small
audience Wednesday night in the
Campus Center Assembly Hall.

According to Travis. NYPIRG
advocntcs dccriminulirution of mari-
juana rather than legalization
because society is not rcudyto ucccpt
marijuana thcrcfore there is no
political chance for such a total
change.

More and more groups havecome
out in support of dccriminulizution.
includingth American Bar Associa-
tion. the American Medical Associa—
tion. as well as certain religious
organizations.

NYPI R0 is turning to the student
populace for further support. They
hope to change the penalty for
possession of two ounces or less of
marijuana. and for the sale of the
same amount. toafine ofSIOOrathcr
than a jail sentence.

NYPIRG is staging their appeal
through lobbyists. "l'ltcy have
orgttnived a petition of l0.800

    

moguls

Pot rslorrn was the subloct dscussed by Robert Voorhis. author of
“The Truth About Marijuana" and Mark Travis. lobbyist for NYPIRG.

signatures which will be presented to
Warren Anderson. the New York
State Senate Majority Leader. NYP-
IRG is conﬁdent that the Assembly.
consisting mainly of Democrats ofa
liberal nature. will support
dccritninalization; cooperation on
the part of a conservative Senate.
however. is doubtful.
Bill to Carey

If the bill should be passed in the
Senate and the Assembly. it will be
taken to Governor Carey who has
spoken in favor of it.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

In New York State alone the 23.-
000 marijuana-related arrests in the
last two years have been costing
millions of dollars. Various studies.
from “The Indian Hemp DrugCom—
mission Reports"( l894) to “Ganja in
Jamaica" (I975). cited by Voorhis
concluded that “marijuana does not
pose a threat to public health and
safety."

NYPIRG is asking. why spend all
this money unnecessarily and ruinso
many young lives with these
numerous arrests?

PAGE THREE

 

  

 

» M, ﬁnch.»

 

 

