  

l
f
it 
g». 

“earls. »

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
    
 
 
 
   

 

' 

 

 

 

 

 

* comment

EI‘S

viewpoint   editorial 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“young ladies"
I To  Illa:

PEC' I70, Basketball. is taught a man
named Robert testis (witness its imary

I ‘ downfall). and is listed in the sum schedule

of courses as a co-ed gym course.

The ﬁrst day class met. two other women
and ljoined the twenty men also enrolled in
the class. We anticipated a fun. competitive
class as well as a good workout.

Mr. Lewis taught volleyball the previous
“let, and seemed fair enough. The very
lint day of basketball. however. he asked the
two other women and l todropthe course.ex-
plaining he was aware it was listed as a co-ed
course.- but he preferred not to teach “young
ladies". We had not even picked up a basket-
ball yet, and for all he knew, he could have
been tossing aside three good players.

Few of the men noticed or minded our
presence in claultil 'Lewis pointed us out
subtly as inferior additions; “Oh, one of you
girls jump up and grab the basketball hoop".
which caused the class to snicker. when few
men could do it. Discussing our position with
some of the men present. they encouraged us
to stay and ﬁght and agreed Lewis made fre-
quent comments to insinuate our “limited
abilities.“

We stayed fora few weeks. We tried to blend
in with the men in the class. but felt Lewis
watched and critically judged us. At the end of
each class we faced the humiliation fo team
dividing. We were neither the best nor the
worst players inthe class. but as Lewis divided
the teams. he put the best men on one half-
coun. the second best on another. etc.. until
three unlucky men were left, stuck playing
with “the girls".

In my previous volleyball class. Lewis mix-
ed the best and worst players, feeling this

 

capability, uh.
ffaa . . .

g

g, RCO’s Own Rhetoric

by Ed Moser

l was walking through the Social Sciences
building yesterday looking for my language
professor. I entered a room in which there
appeared to be aclass in Latin. mychosen field
of study. The professor was a young Oriental
woman. not my instructor. but I sat down
anyway to listen to the beautiful cadence of
that ancient. dead language. A student was
reciting:

“This schema of the alteration process is not
intended as a rigorous soeio~psychological
paradigm of individual behavior. but
postulates a conceptual foundation which
emphasizes characteristic manifestations of
individual metamorphosis."

"Excellent." said the professor. adding.
"now please translate". '

“It's hardtosay why people change. but let‘s
p've it a try."

“Very good."

This language confused me. It sure sounded
like Latin, yet it had an English lilt. Had I
heard the common English words ’this' and
‘which‘ used? I was reminded of 'pig latin'. a
type of coded English that my grandmother
spoke when I was a child. Bewildered. llisten-
ed to another recitation. by a student with a
remarkable resemblance to Leo Gorccy:

, e

"The response pattern of alteration is
stimulated when internal orientation

scenarios are inconsistent with ccoca-ca-
fff-fflfa-factors . . . fff-
uh . . . "

As the young man stuttercd. his professor
pulled a switch on ther desk. Immediately the
student’s face turned an ashen white, his hair
stood on end and he shook from limb to limb.
Then his face reddened. his eyes dulled, and he
ﬁnished his lesson:

 

would even out the teams. and raise the
abilities of the worse players. lsuggested he do
the same in this class. but he insisted it could
not work with basketball.

Maybe this sport is his baby. but he should
try to remember it is a class. not a team.
Granted, women’s athletic training is not as
stressed as men's from grade one on. and our
playing skills are not as reﬁned as most men's;
but classes are designed to learn in. and gym
classes to learn skills in. If one has to be a star
athlete to take a basketball course at Albany
State. I'm surprised we haven't got the best
team in the state

Lisa K. Bradley

missionzintemational

To the Editor:

There was another speaker at the Mission
Hearing on Monday; fortunately. he was not
mentioned in the Tuesday edition of theASP
.He spoke on the international nature ofa un-
iversity. and argued for a direct statement of
this nature in the University Mission.

“Even from their earliest origins. univer-
sities have always been known as gathering
centers for the knowledge. the scholars. and
the students ofthe world. Even now. the great
universities are measured by their inter-
national reputation. their cosmopolitan
nature and their general focus on the world at
large. If the mission ofthe university is to be
‘great',’then it must makea positivcstake in its
international character.“

He then demonstrated the fundamental
position that foreign students play in the un-
iversity's character.

"Foreign students are a resource for the un-
iversity. They bring the authentic culture and
knowledge from their countries to share with
the university and. after graduating, become
am bassadors. carrying their impressons of the

“inconsistent with capabilities or facotrs of
environment."

I was in a quandary at the course ofstudy in-
volved here. lcrancd my neck to scs the cover
of a student‘s textbood; it read “Introduction
to Communcations Rescttrch'.

So this was RCO.

The wall clock struck the hour. and the class
rose to leave. The professor hastily motioned
them back into their seats. and addressed them
in an eloquent tone worthy of Demosthenes:

“Remember our purpose here. It is not to
case communication between people, or to
define what communication is; such noble
aims are beyond our primitive means.

“Our concern. in fact. is to muddle com-
munication. We must construct and employ a
language indecipherable to anyone without a
background in RCO.

“Every profession has its own jargon. a
jargon which iftaken far enough can make in-
dispensable those who have a command of it.
We must make ourselves indispensable. and
powerful. For years people treated psychiatry
as the new priesthood because shrinks used
Words like supercgo (instead of conscience)
and phallic (for bawdy). words that gave the
impression of explaining the unexplainable
human condition.

"The idea. my students. is not to know
something. but to seem to know it. That is the
key to having influence.

"Remember Hitler and the concept of the
Big Lie. If you have to deceive people. then
deceivethem outrugiously. Make the language
you use in RCO as convoluted and
meaningless as possible. You‘ll only be deem-
ed all the more wine."

It was such an impressive speech. Maybe I'll
take an RCOclass. and learnsomelhingabout
oratory.

 

 

   

school and the U.S. hack to their. often very
important. postions abroad."
But then he pointed to the precarious situa-
tion of the foreign students here :9, \Ibany.
“Foreign students are facing increasing
financial and immigration problems. Exacer-
bating their troubles. the universities are aban-
doningtheirsupport of foreign student advise-
ment. Last year the lnternationalStudent 0f-
ﬁoe was completely terminated ﬁnancially. It's
only through emergency provisions that the
university has maintained Dr. J. Paul Ward
as advisor for foreign students on a temporqry
appointment. The Director of Sayleslntero
national House was removed and funds to
support foreign student activities wereserious-
Iy reduced. And forthe next year...still. after
six months, not a single word!"
"Advisement is necessary for froeign
students; without it. their education is
diminished and their value to the university is
lost. With foreign students playingsuch anim-
portant role in the university's international
nature. the Mission statement must contain a
solid committment to international education
and make it an administrative priority to es-
tablish froeign student advisement on a con-
crete basis."
of course. the above is conveniently edited
to conform with the ASI’s style of news
coverage. But. I was there too, I was one of
those other speakers.
Barry Krawchuk
President. International Student Assoc.

SL(or is it W?)P

To the Editor:

Are the views of the Socialist Labor Party
(SLI’) the same as those of the Socialist
Workers Party (SWP)?

I am an SLP member who is asked this
question every day. and I would like toanswer
it here.

The SLP defines socialism as industrial
democracy. where the skilled and unskilled
wru kcrs will elect and recall their own super-
visors and economic planning committees.
right up to the national level. The SLI’ will
then be dissolved.

The SWI’ defines socialism as nationaliza-
tion and government control ofthe economy.
with their party in power. They are sym-
pathetic to the class-ruled “Communist” dic-

tatorships.

But that's only half of it. Wlltll abom
revolutionary strategy?

The SLP urges the Working clttss to analyze
capitalism. statism. and socialism. and to
deliver a mandate for economic tlL‘mtlL‘rtlcl' on
election day. They must also httClt up‘lhc
ballot with one Socialist Industrial Union.
capable of taking over the industries ttnd ser-
vices.

The SWP considers the working class to he
a herd. incapable of understanding socialism.
to be lured with emotional slogans and liberal
reform bait. and ﬁnally rounded up and
manipulated by “intellectual lenders."

Mikc lepttrc

thirsty lines

To the Editor:

We are UAS employees on u qutttl \llltm’
name, along with our own. \\'c lch sllultld ht-
withheld. In our cafeteria. it out pttllt} hm
been instituted at the request ut out- ol ttlll
fellow students. who L‘tllllpltllllt‘tl th.tt
beverages behind the serving Itttc llltlllt.‘ lot .t
sloppy appearance. The nutttttgctuuut toot
hood and prohibited refreshments tun tutolt
this particular individual has netcr uuttctl .l\
a lineservcr. We work in the midst ol \t'l\ hot
steam. which creates muclt thirst. .»\t tum». .t
is difficult to leave the line dttrtng tt lll\ll tut .t
glass ofsoda or water. This new rule lltt\L'Lllt\-
ed a good deal ofinconvcnicttcc. “L‘ lctlll/L'
the necessity of student input in tutctctu
policy. but this input should not he ot .t “hun-
sical and petty nature. We request that lit the
future. students direct their cottttttcnh .tt more
important and substantial grictattcc~

Nilllln tttthhcltl

sex
sentiments
sexist

To the Editor:

I would like to respond to a letter ll\ It
Kissane which appcnrcd in lust l'lltlill'R \st'
supposedlyonthcsubjcct ol scx l-ttstlt lob
ject to Mr. Kissanc's insinualton that t.tpc o .t
matter of “making love wnh hllilllfttllt' uh.»

 

 

lkl A PA UIC.

 

 

does not ‘consent.‘” The fact that he can use
the word “love” in connection with what is. in
truth. institutionalized terrorism of women is
enough reason for women to perhaps think

 

FEIFFER

twice about what love means to most men. I
I leave it upto them todecide just how represen-
' latch of men Mr. Kissane is. I. personally.
2 have found his view of rape all too prevalent
among men. Note that he puts the word ‘con-
scnt‘ in quotes in order to suggest that women
who are raped indeed want to be. and only
afterward will claim it was against their will.
He is annoyed that rape on campus,
something he obviously considers minor news,
"automatically gets headlines when lastyear it
might have been buried on page ten.“ He im-
mediately follows this observation with an
apology to the effect that. after all. men are
always lusting after women and that the
rt: verse is probably true too. Somehow. I can‘t
quite see the cases as parallel. Women do not
brutally attack men as a result of "lust."
Perhaps he will claim that the reference to
lust was intended to excuse SUNYA‘s
“\Vontcn Watcher" and not its rapists~ but
. that is tltc insidious thing about his letter. He
‘sklps ttround. confusing love with violence.
oppression with the "natural phenomenon" of
sex.rapistswithJimmyCurtcrr ttndthcntrics
to dismiss the entire thing by claiming that

Women are no different than tncn. Not only
does ltc imply that our “lust” is ofthe same sort
its tt man‘s. but he also ttctuttlly suggests that
:\l‘(llIIL'll rape men and would be interested in it
‘co-cd brothel. This is one way for men to deal
.tvitlt feminism wuhout ltttvtngto change tltcir
Iattitudes at allr~simply claim that Women

"oppress men" or that. at any rate. they ccr-
tttinly wouldn't mind if they did (“What‘s the

big deal! I'd love it if a woman raped me. You

lClIn ll'Clll Inc as a sex object anytime you like.“
.etc i
i l‘urthermore. Mr.Kissnnc's implied sugges-
ttion that most rapists an: unmarried men who
‘llln‘c moral scruplcs regarding premarital sex
isritliculous. Rape. in fact. has very little to do
with sex. It is an attempt to humiliate.
degrade, and poison women with fear. It is
lterrorism of an oppressed class. serving in uctt
'thesame purpose as lynching did for blacks.
Not all women must be raped for it to be
successful. Sporadic attacks hcrc and there are
sufﬁcient enough to keep all wontcn lll their
place.

I would finally warn against allowing Mr.
Kissane‘s turn- the- Wcllington- into~ u-
hrotltcl joke to convince us that the L'llllrt:
letter was ujokc and contained only insincere.

ﬂ

flippant. joking sentiments. 0n the contrary,l
think Mr. Kissane expressed heartfelt con-
cerns and we should not be misled by his
attempt at humor. nor should we be nervous
about once again being told that feminists
have no sense of humor. We must realize that
sexist humor functions as a means of getting
us to diffuse our anger. doubt our perceptions.
and learn how to laugh at our own pain. Just
as rape is not the result of man‘s need for a
fuck. neither is sexist humor the result of his
need for a laugh. And I think it‘s time we
realized that.

Carol Reid

cold studies

To the Editor:

I would like to comment ona situation that
has been brought up inthe ASI’ before. I am
talking about cold. ttot the cold outside that
we can't do anything about. but the cold in-
side. It is (_'()l.I) Ill the library. Notjusta little
cold. but a lot cold. I mcttnmuchofrio. it) me.
such an ttrcttc t.’ll\'lrtlllnlclll is ttot condttcive
to studying

llurtng the thl) and late ttlternoon there is
some heat in thc lll‘il‘tll)‘ tendering it bearable.
still cold. bttt bcttrnblc. lltis is also the time
when ttot to ntttny people are utilizing thc
library luctlitics. Al night. when most people
do their studying and the library is most
crowded. the Inside temperature approaches
that ol’ the outside (and with winter coming
you know how cold that is).

What l‘m sttytng is. It money is the reason
that the library isn't ltctttctl all the time. then
the heat should he on at uigltt. instead ofdur-
mg the day. Ilits. l tlttuk. is a feasible
ttltcrntttivc itt the lttcc of the currcnt monetary
CrlSlh.

(ilcnn Zwerin

 

The Albany Student Press titclt'olttes letters
to the who». Let/cry mm! [)1' Iypeit'rt'llen.
triple-spared. and signed. Names will be
wiI/tlu'ld on request. Please bring or send
It'I/t'ri' to Campus Con/er Room 329 by
Wednesday/or publu'miun in lite Friday
Iliut'ut- and lll'SllIlt/lll'fflr the limit/aviation.

 

 

 

 

 

Whit/6

WI 15“
ALL THE 860$.

WHEN
 050 H

 

mRGOTTakl

 

 

 

 

To Err . . . And To Learn

One of the unique aspects of a university setti

students the opportunity to err without bein di pe .
fried. This is not to say that a university shou d oster incompetence, but
simply that it should encourage students to learn from thetr mistakes
rather than denying them the chance to correct them.

In both academic and extra curricular activities instances of ignorant.
negligent. and even illegal behavior must be treated with a special
leniency—for the sake of education. Of course, a line must be drawn
somewhere. Student status does not license on individual to act in any
manner he or she pleases. Yet that line is often difficult to draw.

A dilineation must be made between acts that serve the ends of
education and are not seriously detrimental to anyone or anything, and
acts which yield not learning but increased incompetence and dama e. ‘ _r
In a matter involving impeachment proceedings against SA Vice
President Gary Parker Wednesday night, Central Council was called
upon to determine where the line would be drawn.

 

_;

i.
n is that it affords
dxm batter and deep-

C at}

l

‘3

i 

«IL,

The Pan Carribean Association brought charges against Parker as a f

result of an incident thatoccurredover the summer. In urging Council to
impeach him. PCA claimed that Parker had abused the power of his
office by impersonating a police officer and harassing members of PCA.
PCA members were also quick to point out that several of Parker's
actions appeared to be illegal.

Parker admitted that PCA's account ofthe incident was for the most
part accurate. Parker admitted that he had made an error injudgemcnt
while attempting to protect the better interests of SA. In essence. Parker "
acknowledged that he was wrong—and he apologized. The incident ..
could have ended here. before the curtains caught fire. Parker wasn't
storming around like a vindictive tyrant threatening PCA with
retaliation. Rat her it seemed that he was willing to make amends and not
allow his brains to reside in his ass in the future. But PCA felt that
Parker had not paid sufficiently for his misdeed and thus they pursued
impeachment as a means of retribution.

With impeachment in the air, the few power-hungry Parker-hating

petty politicians took up arms for a good battle. Fortunately, it was a
battle they ended up losing. In an uncommon show of rationality, H
uninterrupted by undue emotion. Council voted down Parker‘s

impeachment.

r.

If Council .had felt it just to impeach Parker for this judgemental ...,’

error, then it only would have been equitable‘to continue on‘through the
night impeaching everyone in SA who was guilty ofsuch a crime. And by
morning, there wouldn't have been anybody left.

 

Quote of the Day:

l'hc setting of it lttlsc lllill‘m is a crime...and if the person responsible is found...we

arrest.

Il.t‘.l‘fltllll hirer/or of Public Safety

—.Iolm Ilenighun.

 

 

 

J

é.

Ill/l S TI] [:14 I) .l'T/l /"I"

Entrust IN tum
MANAotNt.‘ union

“Territer thNANxA
ﬁt-tzs‘L-t ll Aooto

 

Ntws tourm-
Ashtlt'lAll. News tlll'llﬂl

Fanu/t HACINLI
HttVAN HOLZHERG

 

l'llftlll‘t’llfm MANAI‘DH
Assot'tAn. l‘lttllttlc'nth MANH'I’II
EtitttilttAt. t-Atns tor-m-
Au‘ts (it nut ins unions...
Ahhftf‘la‘ll. Ants entru-
Sunnis ml‘lott

 

.......... ..NAoMt l“RllillI.ANl)l:ll. STEPHEN EISENMAN

LOUISE MAnxs
Fl I no FjNE
lover; FEIoaNHAUM

M Arrttsw K AurMAN
MIKE I’tsxAitsxt

 

Assot'tA'rt. srottrs rulin-
AllVIJlllthti MANu'rm

Assot'tArt onra‘rtsmr; MANAttra
('t.AssitItt)—t;uAm'rt MANAt'sIt

 

LISA BtttNuo. DAN GAINES

En Mosstt

"mm CAtuLt.
EILEEN DuooAN

 

llttstNrss MANAnu

MII‘IIAEL J. ARDAN

 

.-t I‘ it [tn/mt Noun; Alice Kolttt. Robert Kwttrln

Stu/l HTHI‘U. Ilruct: Connolly. Joel Fold. Jonathan lcvcnson. l'uul Rosenlhul

I'It'l’ll’tl’ Nancy litttctsott

III/ling xln-omtmul: ('nt'ol ('olrtss

I'ut'rnl/ Immugr'r: l‘,llL'll Fine

( tlItl/trrlllltlll Illtlllflgt‘l‘x.’ Ellen llolsen. l’titrick McGlynn
('untpmiuuu production: Jeff Aronowitr. Ilene l‘feit‘fer. Amy Sours
Ilmr/ Ilylfll.‘ Leslie Eisenstein

l'fl'l/llt‘lltlll.‘ Rene Altman. Marc Arkind. Sally Ann llrcchcr. Karen Cooper. Joan Ellsworth.
Ircnc l'll‘llllll. Judi llcitner. Sully .lugust. Dave Killl. Vicki Kurtzman. Denise Mason.
llchhic ltteger. Joan Silverblutt. laurie Studwell. Stu Vincent, Jody Wilner

.‘lt/l't'V/ldllll,’ prov/tumor: Joyce Ilelzu. Kelly Kiln. Debbie Kopf. Janet Meunier. Meg Roland

xl t/Illllll.llllllll’t‘ A .ti'lltmltl: Mike Forbes

'Ilw Alhan y Student Press is published every 'I'lu'.ttla,t' um/ I'ritluy timing Iltc school y w except

[Ill/Illa)“. l.'t/iltlritll [In/it: r it [he ret'puurlhlllly of the h‘lliItIr-lri-Clu't'ﬁ and is subjecl Ia re View by
I/It' tllrlalllt'tltl Sud/L Mum olji't't': Ctllllllm' Comer. RoumJZli. ’I'c/epltmte:457-5892. Atlrlressntull
to. Albany Student Press. CC J29. I400 ll’ur/ilnglon Avenue. Albany, New York [2222.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ...,.~ " —'

E"?

