  

uAnhou. ’ I  git visibility by now, I think that when she complett 5 her sentence. she will
be able mcomplct happy and productive life.‘3

. , ...mitt,53’2":i175.32:;":.:ti::2':: ’gﬂilf'lill; 
5 1550915 WAY Darn SEEM to HAVE
in am rrtsnruno“

‘ * _ '1‘“;
 l
"l I

  
  
  
  

 

  
  
 

  
  

lchaits and ormsngf ‘
ystijeally'do
u ’

n't know “ V ' ‘ nz ’ orge'fl‘ ylbr'. The Far -
't'sre'all ' .Etott heﬂddern Worldflmetlldelt
’ ' ' " “e'number‘ol' people executed in thesetwo .
bloody drives (landre't‘orm and counter»
revolutionary suppression) soon mounted

into the millions."
5. Stanley Karnow. Mao and Chinafl972).

  
   
   
 

.> ‘ 
A Little Older . . .
Once again. it‘s the age of protest. Thousands of angry. frustrated students descend
upon the Capitol one winter‘s day. several crashing through the doors.'in protest of

 
  
 

 
 
  
 
 

 
 

'. drib . ttliey’tlﬁndlouttlienar _
‘ remember. if you're as curious as I come

' I ,, humdnccs‘ts

 

 

 

 

    
     
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

t.

t
l
l;

 

To the'jlitltor: . v i .

As” one of many student who participated

. in the'March lch marehand rally to ﬁght cut-
‘ backs iilthe SUNY system, I was appalled at

the manner in which the new: media chose to,
portray the incident. The coveras of this
f‘neatj take—over of the State Capitol.” to’quote
an enlightened anchorman; was so grossly ex-
agprate'd that it was not only obtrusiver bias-
ed.'bijtt.teetered precarioust on the brink of
ﬁction. ’ p

It would seem tothose whose onlyexposure
to this situation was by way of the media. that
it was by design that this “terrible violence"
took place. The notion of disrupting the
legislature. breaking into locked buildings,
etc. was nowhere close to the intent of those
who marched, though various other factions
which attending might (and obviously did)
have motivations other than our own. The un-
fortunate part is that throughout the news
coverage the participants were referred to as
“university students" and in Albany that can
only bring one group to mind.

The intent of those SUNYA students who
were present. and that of any representative of
any SUNY school for that matter. was simply
to illustrate our solidarity in. opposition to the
extensive budget cuts now facing the SUNY
system. Unfortunately again. the reasons why
the students were gathered at the Capitol were
omitted entirely and were not brought out on
any of the "major" Albany stations. Nor did
any of the reports find it necessary to speak to
student leaders. though police representatives
had much to say concerning “the worst stu-
dent violence they've ever seen; including the
sixties“—Does Kent State ring a bell?

It was also reported that two or three hun-‘
dred people were responsible for enteringand
disrupting the Capitol. This is the truth. Vir-
tually ignored was the fact that thousands—
yes. thousands—of students had peacefully
assembled outside the Capitol to express the
feeling that they deserve to be granted .t
reasonably sound education. It was these
students who should have been signiﬁcant!
These thousands of students should have. at
the very least. been as prominent inthe eyes of
the media as was the miniscule number of
agitators inside.

The myth that violent action is the only
viable means by which a voice, in a media-
oriented society can be heard is merely in-
furiating. The fact that the media gloriﬁes.
veriﬁes and perpetuates this notion. though. is
as blatantly disdainful and sickening as can be
conceived.

Jim Aronoff

wheeling and stealing

To the Editor:

I would like to apologize to the readers of
the ASP. In a previous letter to the editor. I
stated that wheelchair students couldn‘t play
college sports. Well. Delta Sigma Pi had to
prove me wrong You see. college wheelchair
basketball teams do exist! That‘s right. those
crazy fools get on a fullsize court and run. or
should I say wheel. around dribbling. passing,
and. of course, shooting baskets (they do
make quite a few oftheml). I really can't pic-
ture len wheelchairs or two teams playing
basketball exactly as vursitytetrmsdo. yet they
do. If you're like me. you'll have to see it to
believe it.

Well folks. if that's the case. the problem is
solvedl Students for the Improvement of
Programs for the Handicapped and Delta
Sigma Pi. the professional business fraternity
on campus, are err-sponsoring ll wheelchair
basketball game here, at the University Gym.
March 27th pt 7:30 p.m. The two
organizations have contacted a physically

handicapped basketball team from Far-

PAGE TEN

 tothegameandsupportourteain.they’llneed '
-- itl » .. '

Tiny Chapman

Students for the Improvement
1 of Program for the
Handicapped (SIPH)

To the Erltor: _' I
v Mr. Tom’ Sherbenko. Chairman of the
SUNYA US Cltina Friendship Association.

V has asked '( March 16th issue) another writer in

who’ll pay?

To the Etltor:

There has been a great deal of rhetoric oc-
curring on campus during the past two weeks
concerning the impending budget cuts
recommended by the President's Task Force
and. more recently. President Fields‘ endorse-
ment of those recommendations. Having read
nothing but criticisms of these recommen-
dations I feel it is my responsibility to speak
for the so-called “silent majority.“

The Student Association estimated that
4.000 students from the SUNY system would
take part in the march on the Capitol on
March 16th. I'll report what they failed to
acknowledge: namely. that of a SUNY pop-
ulation of approximately 400,000 students.
the 4.000 demonstrators comprise only I% of
those enrolled in the SUNY system.

Now, I don't want to leave you withthe im-
pression that 99% of the students are in favor
of the cuts so I‘ll concede that of this total a
certain proportion of the students either had
prior commitments, no desire to travel to

' Albany because of the distance involved, or

were plainly apathetic tothe issue. Even allow-
ing for these deductions. those who have
grasped the problem at hand and realize that
the cuts are necessaryclearly account for a ma-
jority of SUNY students.

What this majority fails torealize, however.
is that it is the squeaky wheel that gets the oil.
This majority must take it upon themselves to
expose the fallacies inherent itl their op-
ponents‘ arguments; they must ﬁght ideas with
better ideas; and above all, they must not
evade their obligation as the legitimate
spokesmen for American college students.

For the purpose of this leiter'. '.,l‘m going
to assume that responsibility and appeal tothe
intellect of those who took pan in the
demonstration on Tuesday.

Do you know what you were rallying at the
Capitol for? The resolution passed bythc Un—
iversity Senate (whose members allegedly
represent the majority but who. in fact. spew
out the proposals of an active minority)stulcd
that a demonstration would be held “to sup-
port greater funding for the State University
of New York." Yes. greater funding! How is
this increased funding to be financed? Your
guess is us good as mine. It's easy to submit a
proposal; to provide it workable solution rc-
quiresuthinking process which is beyond their
capacity.

New York City is on the verge of brinkrupt~
cy; the struc cun't boil the city out; and the
federal government is deep in the red rrs tr con-
sequence of all the socittl programs initiated
during the l960‘s-—thc era oftlre"(ireut Socie-
ty." And yet you go on calling for more
moneyl You scream “fight the cuts" and ex-
pect people to listen to you while you‘re defac-
ing public property and shouting obscenitics.
Can't you see where this collectivist ideologyis
leading you‘ll

'l'lie “squeaky wheels" are in an uproar
because their tuition is going to increase to
$750 per year. Have you comparedthis cost to
the expense of attending It private institution?
Besides subsidizing the difference. the state
also provides tuition assistance through the
Regents Examination rind Scholarship
Center. Next (and the murmurs have already
been heard). there will be clammoring
demands for a free education. Naturally. no
mention will be made of who will bear the
ﬁnancial brunt of “educating” these statists.

I'd like to elucidate but this Is a letter; not a

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

the'ASP “just who these ‘millions’ are that

Chou En-lai supposedly killed?” Ignoring the _

question of Chou‘s personal responsibility. I
offer the following quotations in reply:
I. W.W. Rostow, The Prospects for Com-

p. Sll. “By liquidating a million or more
landlords in the early l950’s. the Communists
destroyed the rural gentry.”

One may argue that China as a whole has
beneﬁted both economically and in world
power by the ruthless policies of the Com-
munists. but to deny the human costs like Mr.
Sherbenko does shows that he hasn’t learned
much about the scholarly approach to facts at
this university. '

Theodore P. Wright. Jr.

    

munlst China(l954), p. 75. "The total number "Mm" °f MW“ Sm“.
of persons killed by the Communist regime
has" not been ofﬁcially stated . . . Moraes set
total executions by mid-I952 at nearly 2
million. A priest. basing his ﬁgures on the
statements of Communist ofﬁcials, estimated
that all-China executions numbered about 7
million“

2. Doak Barnett. Communist China and

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sale right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Submit letters. TYPEWRITTEN.
to: Editorial Page: Editor, Albany Stu-
dent Pres. CC 329, 1400 Washington

Avenue. Albany. NY [2222. The ASP
will not publish unsigned letters; names
will be withheld on request. Keepthose
Asia (I960). p. 21. “Several millions of cards and letters coming in. but

remembe

. . . . . h ,3.
landlords and their famthes were killed int c .Bremy Is [he sou/of ML,

process (of agrarian reforml."
3. John K. Fairbank. The United States &

castles burning

With 0 Grain of Salt

by Ken Wax

 

 

 

 

 

“Well. ‘think I‘ll write about the budget cutbacks.“ I muttered to myself as I sat down at the
typewriter to do this article. I was getting comfortable and hadjust positioned myﬁngcrs above
the keyboard. ready to type the ﬁrst words. Which I would have done—had a voice not startled
me. It was a squeaky. high pitched voice. kinda like you mistakenly put the record player on 45
rpm.
Ken. please don't wrlte about budget cuts. They're boring. Write about/arts. it squeaked.Thc
voice was comingfrom on topofthe kitchen table. I quickly scanned and located the owner. The
saltshaker had a cute little face on it. And it was talking to me. About farts.

I had a problemto resolve: Should I talk back'i I mean, I thinkthe sultshakcrspokc to me. And
proper courtesy dictates that I respond. But should one of my housemates happento stroll by.
they might not understand why I'm talking to a saltshakcheeking assistance in my dilema. I
glanced back at the sultshaker. but the face was still there. It was accompanied by teeny little
arms. resting where I imagine saltshakcr hips are. The look was one of impatience.

Well."

“Well what?" I answered back.

Well are you or aren‘t you goingto writeabout boring, banal bureaucratic budget cuts." I liked
the alliteration. and went to pick up my pen to jot it down. The pocket clip hit me.

You/ust answer Salty. Mr. Blgshor Writer. and leave your stupid notes/or later! My pen is
usually quite passivcm nature. so I took this as a sign that I‘d better watch my step. Very calmly. I
stood and addressed my saltshaker.

"Why. yes. lam goingto write about it. The budget cuts are on cvcrybody‘s mind. and lthink
there are some funny things to slly about them. Sol plan to write on the topic," And with that l
cusuullysat down and pcckcd out the ﬁrst sentence on mytypcwritcr. It wasto be tthout liowthc
university was in rm uproar. yet the only suggestions offered by the various departments was
‘Don't cut ntc‘. But the clutructcrs typed on the sheet of paper read differently:

‘l’lerti't' Kt’ll, anything but hut/get t'uti.’ My Smith Corona was joining forces with my
stiltshnkcr and pen. I was experiencing tr mutiny of my household possessions and I‘ll have lo
rrdmit il luck of knowledge of what to do in such a situation. So I started shouting.

“Now look. I am the human here. and I suylhrtl I'rngoingto write nhorrt budget cuts! l| yotr
don‘t like it. well too bad! I‘m not going to be bullied by inanimate objects." Wllil this the
chandelier slurred swinging. the radio turned on and off at high volume. and the chair I was
sctrtcd on broke. I ltty sprawled on the floor. considering my next move. The stillshttkcr perched
on the table above looked down an me mcntrcingly.

"W-wvwcll. m-m-muybc you have it point." I offered. My voice certainly sounded scared. I
noticed. but that was ofcoursc ridiculous; how could I be scared of it snltslntkcr und chundclicr"ll
mean. after all. they‘re my dumb posscssionsslttvcs to Itit’. not the other wnyrrround. righl‘.’

One thing was for certain: yelling is not the way to deal with lhcm. So I returned my tone to it
more gentle. friendlier one. hoping to end this rebellion in timc to complete the article before
dcrtdline. There's no way my editor would understnndlhntnsullshaker-led mutiny held me up.

“Look. why don't l thI you about what I‘m planning to write. and youcnn he tltejudgc.“ Asl
licurd myself ﬁnish the sentence I l‘cttlllcd I was vcsting absolute editorial powers in my
sultshtrker.

So. still confused as to what was going on. I told thctn about my plan to save the university
from its budgetary woes.

Pausing onlon chuckle rind occasionally break into It fit of laughter. I explained my job
consolidation progrttm which would lntvc full professors stay trftcrcltrss to scruhtlrc floors and
empty wustchrrskcts; ltow udministrutors will give up their lunchhours totickct illegally parked
cars: and how Mnintcnuntc will teach courses in addition to their usual duties. I wrtsin hysterics
by the time I finished. tears of laughter ﬂooding my eyes.

Wipingthosc tears ttwuyshowcdtlnu my inanimate possessions were not asimpresscd with my
ideas its l was. I searched for n sympathetic smile. but none was to be found. All were dcndptrn.
lifeless poker faces. The ﬁrst to speak up was the thermostat. whom I didn't even know was
listening.

It sllnlri'. It's boring. stupid, and childish—ll stinks! said the little round face.

Where's the punchline? piped the radiator. obviously proud of his wit. That's the lust distinct
remark l heard. as objects from all overtlte roomjoincd in ycllingut me. Acrcscentlo of one loud
united Vulcc shook the room llll It boomed at me not to write about budget cutbacks.

So I didn't.

MARCH 23, 1976

.._.;,.r /‘-— \ L 7*,
retracts
" h, ‘)

  

 

Nor lllllll_\' of us iltl\‘c sccn il disaster hclurc
on c_\cs. lint Tuesday's demonstration
ugmnsl (iotcrnor ('nrcy's proposed budch
curs turnt- its close to being one its I hope to
met so . l or \tlnIl could lnnc been trncxcrtrng
:rntl \tnrthulnlc |ltlh|ll\L‘ [ll't>lc.\l. turned out
In by .i lr'tghtcuing und soinculutl \ioicnl dis-
plrrt ul \ilUt‘l' iucptrtudc. Muth the vou-
lllllmm snowfall rntrdc llrc huge Cl'tl\\ti
restless. but other cittrscs ltlstl led to our llll-
cornr-rllcd bclnnior. and the luck ol \llL‘L‘L‘Ns ol
on: lush.

()nt- nnnor problem \\ith the tlclllnlhlluliirtl
\cclllcu to 51cm liorn tln: group's innbrlm to
\cc lllcir one unilcd goul: lllc IlL'L‘ti to obtain
ndcqunle lunds for tl/l our schools. \\‘c. llru
sllltlcllls ol the Slnlc lllll\t.'l'.\tl_\ \NL'III
protested With the intention ol' \llslilllllllg
lcut‘lling positions and spcclttll/Ctl program!»
ulnlt- students ol'L‘IJNY were trntinly lighting
for the corrtinttrrtion of open enrollment nntl
lt'cc lrrilion.

Upon joining the masses in from ol the
crrpttol building. SUNYA tlctllunsll‘ulin's
ltlllllti City University students exercising
cornplclc control. and it soon hccarnoiilnious
that they were ill-equipped l'or lltc job. A
nnrnclcss and l'trcclcss speaker. standing
somewhere on the Capitol steps. vaguely
prcscntcd il‘tclcvunt ideas for the lirst hull-
hour. In it harsh. unconvincing manner. he
denounced the government for everything ex-
Ct‘pl their policy on education.

ltrrnlng over the microphone to sctct'ul
SPCilkt-‘rh'. the audience was subjected to
speeches on Socialism. the poor. the jobless.
and even it few words preaching militnncy.
Ahlntrishcd. the crowd hollcr'cd back with

  
 
 

 

 

"3' Steven l'ill’llt‘hsﬁ
lnnrs .rnd bullmtcil oultlrcclrzrul ol "bullshit."

loo lllllt'il cold Itllti arm“. .rnrl nnlortutntlc-
ll Itlllt' nrcnliun ol our nnnn topic. ctlncznion.
In.ult' In.rn\ ol us uni-n») illltl trnputicul. \\'n_\
up on llll' ('trpitol slups. tllL‘ murmur rind
\Irulllrng .ilul cultural illl\llill\llt,'\\ oi lltc
tltl\\ll \\.r~ bcrorrung rnorc rnlcnsc. \tlnlc
«Iouu hclou tIlilt'H. .1 Int Inori: liL‘ICt‘lL‘ti \rcrc
ilk'.lti|||:..' oil lot \ilL‘ilt'l \long \\|lil .I lticutl.l
ilL'.lLiL'll lot .r mic cnlrdncc to llrc Citpilol.

luri-Itngrht- lllllllllllk’ prarcclulh. .rnd \trlltrr
tlnrt’t prnpim‘ \\.l\ L'.|\\ iiiL'lL‘ “L‘IL‘ no
|\tlilt'L‘|llt'|l lll‘ltlill. .trnl .rpp.trcrrrl_\ nulr'otrhlc.
| lmd IiL't'lLiL'ti Ilml nu pull should bu to Ill-
iil|\.|l\\' |Il\ ll'l‘lt‘\\'lli-III\L‘\. Hill to ltslcll [inth-
stud ‘j‘t'k‘t’iltW

\ilkl \mnng ll|\ \L‘lldlrll. .rnd lrndrug llllll
ilL' \llpplllit'ti llrc t'.lll\L'. l hooded root to In)
.l\\L‘llllli\lll.lll'\ nllrrt- \\'lult' sllllllg rn In» out-
cr tllllt‘t'. tlrc nun» ol |.nlnrc llrlrllL'tl through
rn\ tun» "inn tun |ll>| .rboul lorch rl." Ins
\c‘t‘lL‘l.ll'\ lolil rnc. .tllL‘l hanging nphcr phone.
"r\ group ol \lllliL'llh lnrtc broken \tindrms.
Illltl t|lc_\‘rc llootlrng tltc t'lrrnnlrcr'x. i don‘t sue
hon _\ou'll get out \llllllillil) unit."

0

[port rut'crtrng in} :rsst'ntblj Intrn'ssupptn'l.
linudc \\;r_\ buck lltlllllltllilt'ltlilh). Hundreds
ol sllltlL'llls \\t‘l‘t' \lrllltlllll.’ .rnd squatting ull
:rhout. PHI/it'll rn lllL‘II ouu \torthlcssncss.
lllcn pt’dt‘L‘llli .rrnl rnctrrnnglul dcrnonstrrtlion
hurl turned Into rrn unotgrnn/cd struggle to
pcnclttrtc the Capitol doors. And bcctttrsc it

bird. the \orcc ol the muse htttl bpllllCl't‘tl

hllcllll) II\\It).
lln‘ough it cr‘otttlcd doornu) l \tcnl. lln-
tltng rnyscll overlooking the demonstration

sin- . lhct'c hasn‘t ll student to be found.

cuts in the budget.

Six or seven years ttgo,the response would have been clouds oftear gas and the use of
military strategy. but police rtnd establishment alike are now wiser. Governor Carey
quietly slips out at side entrance. while the two students arrested in chaos receive legal
and moral assistance from Senate Majority leader Warren Anderson.

lint the question remains: have students as well become wiser? ,

The recent wave of similar. but generally unrelated. protests at various SUNY
campuses makes this question all the more pertinent. since the sincere efforts of many
pcoplc with good intentions are. in this case. potentially being wasted.

Perhaps it ctrse-by-cusc analysis will do the bestjob ofexplnining: Students.faculty.
and other university employees at Binghtimton took over an entire floor of the
administration building. They demanded major concessions from the administration.
Their President, after several rounds ofnegotiations.;tgrecd to most ofthe demands.
Yet. the occupation of the administration building continued. Finally. the
administration had to threaten to obtain a court injunction in order to oust the
unttppcascd demonstrators. who left complaining of the administration’s “empty
compromises."

. . . But Not Much Wiser

Another protest —this time at Frctlonitr was put tortstop on Monday. l’rotcstors
barricaded themselves off in the President‘s office and refused to leave until demands
were met. l’crhttps taking it lesson l'romthc Binghnmton incident which hild cndcd two
days earlier. the administration did not even attempt to rtppcusc students. they simply
got an injunction.

Administrators at the SUNY Buffalo campus once known as the most uctitist in
the SUNY system circumvented the problem completely. Students intent on taking
over the administration building were greeted Friday morning by members of the
campus security force, who had already surrounded the building.

Although students and faculty at Purchase still rcrnttin in control of the
administration building there. it is feared. and rightly so. that the pattern may
continue: an injunction is II“ it would in kc to foil their efforts.

It remains unclettr whether the “symbolic protest“ of students at Buffalo State
College will have an effect. and protests Ill. Old Westbury and New Pultz seem more like
their wary of joining in on the fun.

Iiit\‘t.' students become wiscr'.’

 

 

I-Zln'roit IN r'mrr

MAMtrrNt; unrou
Nuts rul‘t’nu
Simon Ahf‘lK'ltﬂlr. Ntws rnrron...

MASTHE/tl) STAFF
.. thNsin.
ll Rxooto
BIEITY Sit-1m
............................ ..D.\vln WINZEIJIERG
Assntn'tr Ntws muons ........... .. ANInttzA HI-ZRIJIliIIG. CYNTHIA HACINIJ
PRODI'(‘1ION MANAI'I‘H Lorrtsri MARKS
Assor'r/t'rr: PRODUCTION hlANIttilltS ............................... ..C:\Il(ll. Mt'PrnzksoN. ELLEN FINE
IanronI/tr. Hots tzrnrnn Kt: ‘ WAX
Ants lit HA'IUllth tzmrtnts ................... “NAOMI l-‘nrern.,\srnztt. S'I‘EI'IIEN EISIENMAN
St-ortrs EDITOR . NATIIA. SALANT
[\ssltl’IA’l‘l. sr-tnt'ts umth .................... .. Mlt‘IIAEl. I’IEKAHSKI
Amrittrsw. stars/touts... JI-Jrrtv Ailllilztflll. LI: 2
AM!" lAll i\l)\’IR'IISIN(i MAN/NA. ..
(t.tsstmi)-t.rtxiinr MAN/min .. K .. . rzrn Conn
lil‘klMss xtxsxorn ................................................................................... ..l)t\.\’ll-Zl. O‘Cusxoa

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

.‘lutltmll managing editor: l’hil Mollcr

.Al.l’. rtnrl lutlr’m' .Vt'll'.l' rnnnagurr: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Stir/7 ll'l‘lll'tJ.‘ (.‘.. Snulino. Susan Miller

I'rt'vt't'n': .loyce l‘cigcnbttum

Ill/ling tlt‘t'lllllllﬂlll.‘ Susan Domrcs

(‘utn/miitmn Inttnrtgr'rx: Ellcn lloiscn. l’ulrick McGlynn

.‘I.\‘.\‘l.l'ltllll to the editor: Ellen Weiss

/l.\.lf.\llllll to the t'rlt'turial pager editor: Stephen I’urncss

“l'tll, n-ptil: Leslie Eisenstein

Production: .lrrnct Adler. I’nuy Ahcrn. Sarah lilumenstock. Carol Burger. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
llcrlncr. Marge llognrth. Vicki Kurtzmnn. Kathy an. Marc chc. 'l’anin Levy. Michele Lipton.
Rich Mcrrnclstcin. .lnnct Mcunicr, Debbie Ricgcr. Joan Silvcrblatt

(irttphttar manager: Roberta Goldman

('trr-uluuun nmnttgi'r: Ilelcne Lustgurtcn

(ll/tilfllllttllil'l’ tl.l.ll.l’llllll.' Jerelyn Knye

Allvr’rllolltt.’ production: chf Aronowitt. Kelly Kita. Brian Cnhill. Anne Wren

I'ltotogruphv: supplied principully by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

 

'I‘ln' Albany Student Press ii prthlirhutl l'l't'l‘_l' 'I'rttcrrlay and Friday tlurlng the school year except
holidays. Editor/cl policy is the It's/lululhlll/‘l' of the Editor in Chief and subject to review by the
.llnnln-ml Stu/f. Alain ofﬁce: CC 129; telephone: 457-3892. Funded b y Student Association. Add-
t'tus mail to: Albany Student lﬂ't'ts. CC 329, I400 Washington Avenue. Albany. N l’ [2222.

 

 

 

 

   

