  
 
  

 

Tuesday:

  
 

Wednesday:

 

Thursday:

Friday &
Saturday:

 
  

  
   

 

 

SP NITE.‘
g, ECIAL s *1.

AT THE
LATHAM CIRCLE
litmus 8..

.‘u

    
 

MEN’S N |TE--50‘a Drink

DANCE CONTEST
WIN A TRIP l

Drawing every Wednesday!

(Free chance with
every purchase l)

LADIES N lTE--25“a Drink

9 - lO HAPPY HOUR
75‘aDrink

     

 

 

vvcv

“W? U

 

rm an  

   

Mu Ruin oi 

 

(

By WILLIAM .l. JASPER

livery so oltcn. a play is performed that is a
virttial enigma. a perplexing riddle of wltcthcr
or ttot it is art illustration of pure genre. Such a
play is tlte lint Kelly adaptation of Mtiry
Shelley‘s “l'i'iiitkeitsteiit.”sltowtt in the l’erlor-
ming Arts Center last week.

lhc play is a representative piece of pttrc
melodrama. iii botlt its setting and style. As
such. it is aitextremelyambitious undertaking
lor any perlorming group. l he actors must act
in a sentimental manner witltout com-
municating a sense of artiliciality.

Mary Sltelley would have beett pleased to
see wltat the State University theatre has ac-
complished. “I lie ('reattire" site created was
brought backto tile in all its sinister glory inan

Frankenstein:
Creature Feature

incredibly sparkling performance by Curt Es-
posito.

'l'he otlter roles are difficult to fault iit that
they are caricatures. itot to be ttikeit seriously.
Kim Sutton. lor example. played the role of
ttte expectant bride. lili/abeth. the character
is portrayed as the farcical epitome of all the
sexist attribtitcs of women ol'the early 1900's.
l his is a totiglt role to play witlt a straight face.
Sutton was superb: the character Shelley
created was itteattt to be satiri/cd.

llte parts ol Lawrence (irccuficld‘s Victor.
Ititt Rose‘s l-ritst. aitd Scltttyler .l. Rhodcs'
Henry produced similar problems. However.
the loitg hours the actors worked to produce
their rippling. stacatto lirtes cannot be credited
enough.

  

univnnity photo urviu

Kim Sutton portrade Victor’s bride, Elizabeth.

 

 

      
     
    
    
    
    
     
    
    
     
    
  
   

 
 

Cart Espostto as Victor Frankenstein's creation In tho Stat. Uanlfllly photo servic-
Theatre‘l presentation at "Frankenstein."

I lie mother. played by Lou lloitncheck. il-
ltistratcd ait apt attd very able actress.
l-lomtebcck is a lrcsltman aitd soitteonc to
watch for In the Itititrc, (“outing up with a
dottcring aitd palatable Sophie deittaitds hotlt
tiniittg attd kitowledgc to prevent overplayiitg.
yet it is a role that can be undermined il itot
played lightly. Sandra l.. Iriissel gave the
character the ltlitiitg tone that allowed it to
soar. /\s we“. Sharon Sobel had the pleading
and captuatotg qtialitythat perlcctcd the role
of the gypsy. .litstiite.

Underneath all this was the controlling. yet
delicate hand which pre\entcd eight roles
from going eight dillercitt \ths. .liitt | conard
directed the type ot llair he is known lor.
presenting the melodrama witlt just enough
light htititor to hunt] the label of sentimen-
talism.

('oitsiilcrablc tltottgltt. IIIllL‘. arid hard
physical labor \\t.'lL‘ required to erratc Robert
l)oiiiicll_\'s elaborate set. lhc Rembrandt iii
lilL' hall was a bit excessive. perhaps. but it

 

enhanced the set. givittg it an air of authentici-
ty

l’arallehug the rest ol the prodtiction.
costume designer Lynda Salshury maintained
inst enough laittiliarity with the period to
clothe the cast accurately.

.leroitte llanlcy‘s use ol lightingand special
cllccts gave thcshott the ltatiittiitg. mysterious
aura Shelley wanted to convey. llaitleydc\is-
cil an aina/ing array ol ellccts and his
backstage people “ere laiiltlcss on their cites.
lltc sltiti lioin Scene One to Scene Ino iii the
last act was cited to perlcctiott. II is tintor-
Innate that the person working the diittmcr
boaid is unnamed because he certainly dcscit-
cd mention.

lhe score was apt and “ell-placed. yet at
tunes it “as itoi lotid eiioiiglt .ind oftcnnent
lllilltlllL‘L‘Li. llicre \tcre moments \\ hen the
melodrama almost overtook the action, \ct.
lor the few problems encountered. it has a
prodiictioit superior to most at this le\cl,

  

 

 

ii) If!) MOSER loitt

 

. deal with Yet. at least in matters of
0 a      cuisine. the lolksiitgcr found Mundi

Akstens. a iioston-based fine storytelliitg. He pokes liiit at his “green rocky road.

expected Mundi to be too “acid to

iathcr mundane laclt day Mundi
caittetotlte studiowitha " bologna
oit white bread and three cartons ol

 
 
   
 
   
     
    
 
  
  
  
 
 
 

 

More than other pcrloriitcrs. a
lolksiitgcr relics itpoit the mood his
music creates. lltis is so becaitse a
person generally does itot come to a
lolk setting to be rocked oi rolled ot'
bumped. but to relax with a quieter.
ntorc traditional kiitd ol music. it's
the [Ici‘loi'ittci"s task to help the
audience 1ch at ease.

Musical

lly S'I'EI’HEN lilSlCNMAN

While parents were being \\ hisked
tltioiiglt the physics depttitincitt
da/llcd lay the glories ol the atom. a
few parents arid students listened to
the music departments ollcriitg ill
the recital liall. Amiahly entitled
“Aspen i‘l'lClttiSZ /\ ('ltambei Music
Recital.“ the concert reunited
students lroni Albaity aml .liilliard
who lived and played togetltcr this
past sittttmer at the music Icstival iit
Aspen. (‘oloradir

l'ltc lirst two perloriners. Mtcltacl
(luttmart arid ('ltai'lcs Wiedcr per-
lorntcd .|.M. l eclair's violin soitatas
iii A major aitd l" itiajor. l’hc two
st iidcnts lroitt .lulliard displayed tiitc
technical skill \vitltjiist ti few intona-
tion prohleitts. Micltacl (iiittiuan
played Wit It a greiit deal of Romantic
cinhcllisltittcitt while ('ltarles Wicdcr
took iltc more direct approach.

l lie Sonata iii 1) major lty Ludwig
vait Beethoven was rtcxt. performed
by Michael (iuttman and Daniel

 

  
  
 

"

Lllm'tlt.‘ on piano. Mr. Home was

OCTOBER 19, 1976

lolksiitgcr who played at the liigltth
Stcp ('otlcc House ovcr tltc
\teckcitd. success! tilly created art ap-
propriate air ol warmtltaitd humor.

A kstens is an ttitspectaciilar player
ot glttltll'. banjo, aitd liddle who
knoWs his own limits. llc corti-
plentcitts his competent pickingwilh
a plaiit btit moving voice arid some

Reunion

quite impressive lle ltad liite control
ol color aitd tempo and his coopera-
tion with (iiittntan was pct‘lcc‘l.

less precise was pianist Robin
| iitdcr's rendering ol the Schnmait
l'ltautasicstlicke with (iiittmait. She
occasionally lost track at (iiittman.
aitd her tones were too dark. Her
technical skill seeittcd competent
citoiiglt however.

Ka/iio l‘ukushima's 'I'Iiret' Pier-m
l‘riiiii ('Iiii—U was next. 'l‘hc work is
tiill of loitg dramatic silences tittd
stark dissonanccs. Ms. Linder aitd
Hittite laublicd. lltite stipplted tltc
necessary amount of drama.

lltc liital work of the afternoon
was l’oiilenc‘s Sonata lorflute aitd
piano. 'lhe performers wercl)iane
l'aublieb aitd Daniel llorne, Ms.
l'aublicb‘s totte wasexcellent. as was
ilorite‘s, l ltave since been told that
tltis was a piece that the two per—
lormed irt Aspen iii ordertocartt free
nt ads from restaurants. Perhaps this
custom cart begin iii Albany.; if so.
the pair will indeed be well fed.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

playing ability aitd iit his inability to
time his guitar.

()nc ol Akstens' best tales dealt
with the song "Long John." by
lltikka White. "I .ongilohn." Akstens
related. was ait escaped convict \\ ho
made his lootpriitts point iit two
directions by pasting ait extra pair of
soles onto his shoes. Akstens added

 

dryl
50‘}; chance of escape.

llelorc his career as a touring
musician. Akstens taiigltt lolklore
lor a number of years lleshowcd oll'
his knowledge on "(ii‘ecn Rocky
Road." a children‘s song which
origiitatcd iit tutn-ol-thc-cciitiiry
llaltiutorc. where “Dickeitsian”
street iircltiits would sing it alottd to
warn prostitutes wliciteter tltc police
passed by llte madams dressed iii
green to distinguish themselves lront
inoic respectable women:

’ that this ga\c the convict “a

pronteitadc iit green.

tcll itte who you love...“

Akstens took care not to race
through lolk songs like “(irecn
Rocky Road" or country blues like
“Long John.“ He went through the
songs‘ progressions slowly. feeling
the key iiotcs ltoldiitg aitd bending.

'l he tittisical tempo increased
when Akstens picked up his
Citt\\ittttllmcl‘ banjo. which is played
oit a dounsiroke witltoiit linger—
picks. lltc sound prod need was quitc
unlike the harsh. metallic bluegrass
banjo. When stroked rapidly. tltc
clanhammcr‘s tone was dil'ltisc.
strangely like that ol a sitar.

()ri'giiiii/ um/ 'Ii'rlrli'ti'oiiul Music.
prodticcd by l’olk'producer Artie
il'itllltt. is Akstciis' first album. In
the stttdio. Akstens recorded with Bil-
lv Miiitdi. one ol i‘rttllk Lappa's
notorious Moiliers. Akstens ltad ltad

Raw Edges Spun

By BRYAN “(Hf/MICRO

Rosalie Sorrcls patised briefly last
week to play sortie songs at (‘al'fc
Lena Ill Saratoga Springs while
traveling the coffee-house circuit.

"Give me a guitar." She said
tnottittiitg tltc stage iit something
loiig iiitd multi-coloredr her “lady
dress." as she called it. As frieitdly
shouts went tip. a gtiitar was passed
forward from somewhere in the
packed room.

Sorrels spun lter lyrics softly;

always disarmingly. Accompanied
by Peter Smith on pedal steel guitar
aitl loity Markellis on bass. she
striimmed ltcr acoustic guitar and
sang her tough and lolksy songs iii a
strong. slightly nasal voice. This raw

edge added color to the thoughts of

her songs.

“When I left nty marriage after 14
years. I had to make a living
someway." Sorrels said. “All I knew
ltow to do was cook and sing. Andi
sure didn't want to make a living

tltc l'itehett Bl'tililL‘tS Dairy
('hocolatc Milk." lit a platit brown
paper bag. of course. Miiitdi‘s drum
case did not contain “exotic drug im-
plements." as Akstens had leared.
btit a copy ol US. N ws and World
Report.

'I lie crowd was small but brotigltt
an extra touch ol intimacy to the
naturally ltomey Eighth Step. Small
cltildrcn ol tltosc atlcttdiitg
waitdercd past the coffee tables. in-
nocently breaking iit upon Akstens
wttlt sticlt sltoiits as "I got a spoon"
aitd “l liitislted my ice cream." l‘he
lolksiitgcr played on the geittlc at-
mosphere by involving the audience
in a sing-song:

“l‘eelmg good. lccltng good.

all the money iii the world

spent on feeling good.“

Most people who heard Akstens
took these words to heart.

in Song

slinging ltaslt in sortie trtick stop."

You with make a living
staying iit one place singing. To find
audiences that care about your
music. you‘ve got to go back and
forth across tltc country."

Sorrels has played has played the
Cattle Lena three or fottr times in the
last few years. "i like to sing for my
friends." site said as reason for retur-
ning. Like most ofthose who play at
Lena Spencer's cafe, Rosalie Sorrcls

 

will keep returning.

PAGE NINE

4:;

 

 

 

 

