 

. who  the an talent of turnlng a meal Into a FEAST! Wlth

- I  lander? ham and aatlalladalo'tnaeha'. your axlra-apeclal allorta
tlila Halloween weekend wllljlong'bo" renumbered. Thank you

all tor aueb devoted united, above and bayondtha call of duty.
"In anort;sYOU'RE» THE GREATEST! "

slnearaly, tha. Dorothy. and all no food-lovers ol Dutch Quad.

PS. Do you do Bar-Mllzvah’a?

 

 

 

 

 

 

funded by student association

 

 

 

 

Alllll GlllH‘Tlll'llllllALD WNW -
WE  v ImuanllOllPSOll

mm- mum-v10“ BIII.’ um“ llWAllll ZIEFF

FRI. 81 SAT. Nov. 5 8i 6
LC 7

7:30 8t 10:00

$ .50 w/TEC card $1.00 w/o

olonial Quad Bijou presents:

 

SPEAKERS F0 UM ,
PRESENTS

HOW TO START
YOUR OWN BU$INE$$

WITH

TED NICHOLAS

—President of 18 Business Enterprises
—Author of 3 Best Sellers
—Self—made Millionaire

lOl’|CS TO BE COVERED:

HOW TO GET A JOB

WHERE THE MONEY IS &
HOW TO GET IT

MYTHS SCHOOLS TEACH YOU &
HOW TO ()VERCOME THEM

STARTING YOUR DREAM BUSINESS "

Free w/tax
Gen. Pub. 50‘

Tuesday, November 9

Lecture Center 7

funded by student association

 

m 9 Fair lady
W/A
Sat., Nov. 6 LC 2 73° & 100°

Sun., Nov. 7 Colonial Flagroom 10°°
50‘ w/tax $1.00 w/out

730 & 1000

funded by student association

 

 

énaullfrt . ;;34u ,m.‘

 

The Americanization
Of the Planet

by Carl Alberto Montaner

This essay is adapted from El Nacimrul of
Caracas, Venezuela. April 7, I976. Reprinted
by permission of Altai World Press Review.

The US. is a neurotic Midas who
homogenizes everything he touches.
Americans, indeed, have a mania for unifor-
mity. Which wouldn't be a serious matter if
America were a satellite nation. But since she
is a leader it has grave implications.

This sameness is paradoxical in a vast coun-
try which shelters 200 million people of
diverse races and cultures whose climate
reaches all extremes and whose geography in-
cludes great plains, soaring peaks. and yaw-
ning canyons. Yet the deserts of Nevada. the
ranch lands of Montana. the mountains of
Appalachia are all alike. Everywhere arc the
same gas stations. the same supermarkets. the
same food. the same churches. tln: some press.
the same people. The American cultural
mosaic is in fact a monolith. a monochrome. a
monotone. All flat and of one piece. This is
tedious. but it also has its advantages.

0

Today the boundaries separating one state
from another serve no purpose except to
provide the bureaucracy with a jargon. a
semantic plaything. Crossing over from
l’lorida into Georgia is about as exciting as
turning frotn page 228 to 229 of the telephone
book. The landscape is pretty. bill the ci\'i|i/n-
tion it cttcloscs is less cstltctic than structural.
It is ttcat attd nourishing. lint to a Pleistocene
Agc caycmntt like myself it is also sopor'il’ic.
| for one prcfcr l-Iuropc with its sll'tl} dogs
in tltc xtrccts. its disparate regions. us abrupt
chattch of scene

At the same lllllL' lconccdc that uniformity
is conducive to cit‘rlt/tttion. \\llllt,' tll\t:l‘.\ll)
tends to destroy it. lltcir' sputlcss outer skin

and unicellular texture gives the Yankees
enormous inner strength. Which they are ex-
porting. Blessed with lirst-ratc leadership and
multinational experience. these gentlemen are
creating a world in their image. This is good
for civilization as a whole. but bad for in-
dividual nations. It is beneficent tothe species.
but vexing to the surviving pagan gods, for it
destroys the fertile imagination of the Euro-
pean oples while bringingthem closer to one

;anoth r in a common worship of the same

mythology.

The phenomenon is reminiscent ofthe Latin
tongue which eradicated hundreds of in-
dividual idioms and dialects, impoverishing
the linguistic treasures of the world but mak-
ing the enchanting poems of Virgil intelligible
to the population of an unprecedented
proportion of the planet.

of no less importance is the cohesive power
of tire Yankees (of course. we‘ll have to sec
whether an atomiccxplosionwon‘t nndothis).
Little by little. all the nations of the world 7
including the anti-Yttnkccs par excellence ~
arc bccotnirtg more like one another in thcir
Atllcl'lclllllttllltill. 'l'he l’cpsi-(‘ola plant.
which poor R ussia was persuaded to admit
into her land. is no less than a great cultural
outpost. a contemporary frontier abbey con-
tct‘ting thc barbarians to Christianity. As to
lltc hamburger. it looms as the undisputed
L‘l'L‘tlt) of our times which everybody will
sooner or later wind tip making on his own.
A lltl ottr highways. wit h their grcctt road signs
and Clltslcrs ol ovcrpasscs likc the fiberglass
skysct .tpcrs. rtnn'kcti ttg ntctltods. and tire style
ol letter—ur'ittug tltc \\ til'ld otcr all nrccopics
ol tltc Ytllllwt' tttodcls.

lltc grunt drllct'cncc bctucctt tltc Yttrtkccs‘
uuilyittg nuptth and those of Rome or
L'ltt'isliattit) I) that the American trtodcl is

 

T‘ kc‘t’s:
IC u s

 

NOVEMBER 5, 1976

we'u. “zap YA" Wl‘l'H TH
Lowes'r EVERYDAY PRlCE ’-

*SAq
m

Frank Zappa In Concerl
November 6
Palace. Thalrz
masons

2n Central FM-

 

 

mm

 

 

globally applicahlc. There are no heretics
within America‘s cultural vassal sominion.
Nor are there arty distinctions: Russians. ln-
diam. Argctttinians still are in the bag. Yet
this Yaukcc might docs ttot represent
coloni/ation by force. bttt voluntary subjuga-
tiort powcrcd by a flawless. foolproof
mechanism: the need to emulate tltc leading
nation. Indccd. those who fall to emulate stay
in the gutter. As a result everything is «or
soon will be ~pattcrncd on the American
model: the structure of the world‘s armies.
medicine. fashion. sports. topics of conversa-
tion.

liven anti-Arnct'icanism is a typically
American commodity. Thcrc is uotltirtg more
pathetic than the spectacle of a Communist
drcsscd as it cowboy smoking Marlboro».
quoting Marcusc. and assuiling tltc consumer
society. Wltcn lirc/ltncv allowed himself to
accept a lincolrt car as a gift he. too. l‘cll ittto
thc ItlL'\lltll1lt' trap. llccttusc let's face it
docs attyortc C\Cl' dt'cnm o1 n Volga. or a

Skodtt‘.’ Wc naturally dream of Cadillacs.
preferably in tcchnicolor for greater impact.
because of our dreams. too. are American.

llow lotrg will the total Americanization of
the planct takc'.’ Well. since I am no Alexis de
'l'ocqucvillc-rrand not even a Herman Kahn——
Icunnot answer the question. But lfigumthat
it will take less time than did the Romanizing
or Christianiring of a major portion of the
world. Julius Caesar had no computers. and
St. Peter could not communicate by satellite.
Obvioust tltc advantages are with the
Yankees. is this good or bad'.’

It would incrcttscthc biological solidarilyof
all blpcds. but would displcasc the world‘s in-
ditrdtntlists. Personally. l don‘t know which
Alli: to join. ()n Mondays and Wednesdays 1
am :. Spcttccriart: on Sundays. on tltc other
ltnrtd. I don't gitc tt hoot about anything. So
lortg a». we may. we ottgltt to think about this
for ottt : elves. liccnusc ottc bright day all issues
\\‘lll bc offered to Us prcdigcstcd. attd tltcrt we
won‘t cytrt llll\’L‘ problems to think about.

 

groan"

,gp. 

 

THE-5-DAY-ALL-YOU-CAN
EAT-ITALIAN-FEAS’I‘. $2.95.
Including “line or Beer.

Every Sunday, Monday& Tuesday

A Feast guaranteed tcsluggcr +he tmagination,¢rar+t'
ANT IPASTO Wet and foamed by heaping ptahas a; SP _ '
LASACaNA.MEATBALl5,5Au5ACtE and MORE. And to top it omen tcv
mug of BEER,gobt¢t or WINE,or ant/other bcvcrnnc.

CHILDREN  under IO

served Sunday t2 Noon to ItPM' Moan LTuaOday Wino th

  Neetarn Av. at Fuller Rd.

§
L ‘

with our {omens
HETT “le.

ALB ANY

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE ELEVEN

 

