 

  

   

V“ appan to live ides»
tilled Casual 3 an M:
mammmm
visitors to ﬁt Canadian Brood
mummiﬁmsm
our life or: bah limb and South
memhﬁﬁmm
aucheopesingshminﬂzmﬂm
indtbmao'agm.
mammdsouebéng
nudetowenwwmdﬁma
Tl: Vianuneu ﬂow: so alts:—
nﬂive but to go for a wind of
comic recovery.“ merited
one Wine dim: observer
hae.’ﬂse peopleiotbe Kant: are

'mmmma

ﬁaﬁuumma

w“! {I _

{ransom ’

9mm:
ym;wr«mmmas

‘lyolingilgaIu-labndnto

mmMamiﬁom

communion-anus“

ﬂbe-lakIandtpmH
bps-pm.
hmmmfondismion-
‘1‘ , I ‘ a
He usually d mill foods is
arﬁhﬂesocbepeoplemlowyioes
at state m. At times time are
champ But at room times there
also is additional food on the tree
m although prizs Line for
“stmmasmwhas
ﬁwmmmm

Wop are lol'. although the
W is expuimening with
opiummr bonus!“ warm in
my  Some of the
wealthimmmﬁemam todayarc
owl mimn digging openeam coal
for ecprm to 119m But those who
have moncj'f'md few things arailable
10bit):

“Certainly our men could afford

.l.‘

 _;
may attire lts‘rs'tolu seld

_‘Insudttlil'uemlvdlllthu 5‘

ism ' “5.2mm cumin

amount of fear sarong the
m, They appear to he

raid to be seen talking to
r Many say they will not
mmwrw abroedincsse
their loyalty to the new regime
 he queiioncd.

In W‘Wiom, the few
11¢ this sisitot was able to meet
spoke etc-rape.

Concern mung southerners on
how they will ﬁt into the new
Socialist society appears

" , ‘ Msnyarereportedl'ear-
{III that if they have no jobs in the
nit); they will be forced into the
commide to work in the “new
Mamie zones.“ the farm area! in
which new villages are being
organized to increase food produc-
tion

Ofﬁcials have acknowledged they
intend wrelocareat least one million
Saigon residents within a year.

So far. the northerners have
handled the south with kid g|overr.
There has been no oven repression
ewejn perhaps for the continued
detention of thousands of former
southern army ofﬁcers and senior
mil tenants who still are undergo-
ing ‘reeducationf'

I .

Sinai Truce Reaches Birthday

mun (AP) The  Agreement
bur-veers Israel and Egypt that
downed Hwy Kisﬁogs’s Mideast
policy is alive and 1rd! on its first
birthday.
‘I‘hefmthatthcmisstilluork’
iogis midaed a pest “mm
in the Middle Eat-t. where web
cam {modestly are Mitten in
‘ ink.

Caryn? bound for Israel more
thonﬂrtbeSmezCanallort‘oefnst
 Them'alarmiesare
tastier apart. tape it rebuilding its
  along the ﬁnal, a trip:
the luwﬁrtaketomothefwem d
war has receded. Egypt also is w-
rung nearh‘ $3 nulﬁorradayin hard
currency from the Abu itrudeis all
ﬁelds. which tine camera returned
to it.

’I be accord has deepened
Wimm mtbe area. sym-
bolized by the 16‘ L25. twhniciam
who mo early owning unions in
thew desert to prevent a surprise
attack by either brad or Egypt.

 Prime Minister Yitzhak
Rabin paradulhe accordanij
diplomatic achievement which, be
daims, Ins brought iii-Israeli
relations to s high point.

In Egypt, the accord has been
generally accepted as a way of life.
although a few opponents of Presi-
dent Anwar Sadat’s polities still
regard it as a mistake. They claim it
neutralized the power of the Egyp~
tian armed forces.

0n the whole, though, there is vir-
tually no dormtic criticism of the
word which Egyptian ofﬁcials,
both civilian and military. say is
working well.

In lsrnel. domestic debuts still
ﬂinuesoverthevslueoftheaov
cord.

In interviews with The Modded
Press. opinions ranged from former
Defense Minister Mosh Dsyu‘s ’s
bed and wrong igreemern" to the
comment of Yitslssk Nsvon. ldluen-
till chimp d purllsnel's foreipi

PKGITWO

attain committee. that the pact I'ab
‘a vital ayeamem which we needed
very much"

Fawn belirves the opeoi ng of the
canal to Israeli cargoes is “a major
concession. considering the canal's
Mus as a sgmbol 0! Egyptian in.
dependence and nationalism. . Am
open canal means less Gimme of star.
You £23"! 0pm and dose is at will.
like a zippa.‘

The agreement required Israel to
relinquish the strangle Mrrla and
(Jodi pauses in  and the (shield
on the Godot Suez, lnraurn. Egypt
ageed With Israel this both sides
‘oéll refrain from the use or three: of

forte" and will settle their dispute
peacefully.

The arrows are now separated by u
25—mile-wrde buffer zone policed by
the L'm'red Nations, and the chances
of a surprise attack like that which
launched the I973 war are slim.

With the interim accord in opera-
tion. what is the next step toward
Middle East peace?

Rabin has proposed that Egypt.
Syria and Jordan end their state of
star with Israel. So far, none has
responded. but this could be a sign
that the idea has not been rejected
out of hand.

U.S. Corruption Studied

CHICAGO (AP) Corruption
appears to be rberuleratherthanrhe
eutption in American polnics, says
an Enguh political scientist.

"Ihe American scandals of the
I97lfs are without precedent in their
number and seriousness,” writes
Michael Pinto Dustbinskyof Brunel
University, Uzbridge. England, in a
paper presented to the American
Political Science Association at its
annual convention

“The courts have been ﬁlled with
governors, members of state
cabinets and legislatures. judges,
district attorneys. county eomv
missionen. councilmen and small
fry galore.” said Pimo-Duschinsky.

Since the I94ffs, he said, political
scientists have usually treated cor~
ruption as an occasional. atypical
phenomenon.

"Thus, Mayor Richard J. Daleyol
Chicago has been regarded as 'the
last ofthe oldtirne bosses,‘ the scan-
dals of Newark have been explsined
as leftovers from the graft of
yesteryear . . . and Watergate was
so unprecedented that it could bew
coumed for in terms of the deviant

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

personalities of President Nixon and
his team," Pinto-Duschinsky said.

Instead. Pinto—Duschinsky con-
tended in his oil-page paper. “a
significant degree of corruption is
the standard . . . Well over halfthc
states, including most of those with
large populations. have experienced
major outbreaks of graft and
conflict-of-interest during the
1970s.

Pinto-Duschimky included in his
paper a IS-page appendix listingthc
names of public ofﬁcials convicted
of crimes in 10 states where he said
“rampant corruption has been un-
covered."

The states were Florida. Illinois.
Indiana. Maryland. New Jersey,
New York. Oklahoma. Penn-
sylvania. Texas and West Virginia.

He said “important recent out~
breaks of corruption" also have oc-
curred in Alabama, Arizona,
Colorado, Kentucky, Louisiana.
Missouri and Ohio, while “signiﬁ-
cant scandals" have hit such states as
Kansas. Washington. Delaware and
Mississippi. with signiﬁcant, but less
serious incidents occurring in other
llﬂlﬂ.

  
  
 

. otherwise violating human rights with tough antiterrc-rast leg

suntan Hopeler For u.s_. In tut. ‘
:NITIZD NATIONSMJAAI’) William  Warner U.S,‘d¢1¢gzu , 0
the Unlted Nations. foresees rm eulertnne forum batted  m lb: Lox.
General Assembly sfter several years of tough contrwa 5mm"
declinel to confirm a predecessor's judpmelttlnt there II a Third wond
“tyranny of the majority” in the world prme "No," he said m an
interview. “I think that if that wss true, it is at lastebugrngfor the better and
that thereisthe' ,‘ ‘_ofs " " till!th " ' on these major

world problems. we have to have consensus.‘

  
 

South Africans Protest Segregation

JOHANNESIURG. Sotlh 'AIrkI (AP) Residents ofa segregated mixed-
race suburb near Cape Town demonstrated Thursday agalnst ram.
segregatnn and more disturbances broke out in the black roamhrp of
Soweto. near Johannesburg One person was killed in Cape Tour. and
another in Soweto. police said. In Cape Town bystanders ran Screammg and
choking from tear gas inthe ﬁrst major racial siolenoe in 3 «am: am 01‘th
city. Shops closed down and trafﬁc in the area came to a halt, Th: a rolsnce.
involving some 3,000 demonstrators, grew out of a protest march gyms.
South Africa‘s policy of strict racial segregation.

Brltlsh Pollce Use Torture
LONDON (AP) British troops and police tortured and mistreated 5;
Irish Republican Army members in Northern lreland during in:
months of |97|.thc European Commission of Human Rights said ‘I.
The British government did not denythccharges. but said its forces m
uses such tactics. The commission’s report cleared Britain of

 
 
  
  

 

   

 

noted that those who had been mistreated were pard
compensation. The mission. based in Strasbourg. Fran - ‘
British forces did not discriminatebctween feuding Protestants and k ' 
Catholics in its policy of holding suspects without trial.

7
s

Indla to Investigate Swamy

NEW DELHI, India (AP) The Indian Parliament sored Ir.
investigate one of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's most outsp.
right-wing opposition leader Subramanian Suamj. 3 forms: ..
Harvard University economics faculty. The \ote came amid a...
from Mrs. Gandhi‘s ruling Congress party and pro—Mascots L1»
that the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency is ardrng the 36-};‘3r-nid \ux 
Political sources said the unprecedented investigation could Casi \u
seat in the Council of States. or upper house of Parliament. est-r. tn .
has four years remaining in his term.

 

    

 

 

 

 

Flu Vacclnatlon Behind In Production

WASHINGTON (AP) The government says only20.4 million du~c~ u!  ' '
flu vaccine will be ready when the mass inoculation program «turb
That is only one-fourth the amount the Ford administration hoped it ‘
on hund. Health. Eduetrtionund Welfare Secretary Davrd .‘ldlht‘il ~ .2,“
Wednesday to {our drug companies making the saccm»: in ~.  .
production schedules. llul two companies say the) are ahead}
around-the-clock. scvcn-duys-u-wcck to produce and package mt- 

 

  

 

Mondale Calls for Government Unity

KANSAS CITY. Mo- (AP) Sen. Walter F. Mondale called for .1 "2w.
creative partnership" between state and federal governments Ihlzr~d.r\.
telling state legislators that federal ofﬁcials have often been arrugnm .md
paternalistic. “The past record on federal-state relations is dismil.” lhs'
Democratic vice presidential candidate said in a speech to lhc \Jtu‘ndl
Conferch of State Legislatures. “People do not believe [hm gmcrmncnl
works. They have had enough of bloatt d. unresponsive government " Hu‘
blame for this failure. he said, lies with the federalgovernment. u how Pt‘l'f‘
toward the states has been inconsistent and inprcdrctable.

Calves Escape From Slaughterhouse

BALTIMORE (AP) Figuringthut anything was better than hccm'mls' ‘~~'-”
Scallol’lnet ‘1 herd 0f Slaughter-bound culvcs l-rokc free- and Crk‘rllk'd unil'
hour chaos that made police wish their handcuffs were lttssns. Au! horrlw uni
about 30 of the animals escaped front u pen ut r1 northeast ltu‘nzzwn'
slaughterhouse Wednesday and tied up trufﬁc for about an hour bclun HR"
were refi‘PlUl’It-‘d. "It was a real linseo.“suid Patrolman Juseph Drum. «ms -"
u posse of officers forced tojoin with slaughterhouse employees und . mm»
rn the urban roundup. I

Witan 2 Mars Prepared for Release

PASADENA. Cslll‘. (AP) The Viking 2 Mars probe got u clcun bill of 1‘64""
Thursday for its venture-some expedition to the plunct thut is llnslllc .qu
puultng but no longer is stronger. 'l'he unmanned binding craft was um‘” “
thorough check-up in preparation for its release from mother slup on I r um-
und the tricky descent to the surface. After the ﬁve-hour cxttltnnnlrull.
mrsston officials said the moo-pound landing cruft uppenrcd to he: "in my
good shape“ for its three-hour journey to its target. During lht‘ “W” m"
lender's own nuclear generators were turned on.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1975

 

  
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
   

  
 
 
    
  
   
   

 
  
  

Soda machlnes on State Quad are dlsponslng bottles Instead of cans In a recycling experiment.

Campus Tie Lines Cut By Half
Student Groups Left Hanging

by Paul Rosenthal

Citing increased costs and un—
authorized use of state telephones.
the Office of Management and Plan-
ning has begun an effort to cut the
number of on-cumpus lie-lines by 50
per cent.

Hardest hit have been non-state
ugcncies. such as Student Associa-
tion and its groups. SA wuscut from
eleven tie-lines to two.

SA Vice President Gury Parker
said "We hit the ceiling!" after
reading a June 25 memorandum
from former University Vicc Presi-
dent John Hartley. The initial
recommendation would have
eliminated ullstudcntticlincs.which
have enabled students to cull
anywhere in the state without direct
charge.

S U N Y A‘s Communications
Coordinator. Put Auricchio. said the
udminrslrution is “making un effort
to run kc it better“ for the affected of-
fices. Ilc stud. “I'hc cutbacks urc
coulinuing now and will continue
over several months."

l’urkcr suid efforts begun im-
mediately to muinluin two tic-lines
in the SA office, Cumpus Center 346.
By curly August. Hurllcy hurl cou-
ccdcd to the students. With two
remuininp, lines. the student groups"
totul dropped by K2 per cent.

In the pust, twelve SA groups had
direct access to the tie-lines. Groups
with urgent need for using the lines

must now do so in the SA office.
Each call will be logged in an effort
to demonstrate the actual need for
tic-lines.

In a related move. none ofthe SA
groups will have capability to make
out-of-state toll culls. Those must
also be made from the SA office.

Auricchio muintuined that
academic and administrative offices
would ulsolosc availability ofthe tic-
lincs. He explained thut SUNYA
paid a total of over $500000 in the
lust year for their use. There were
about 1200 telephones equipped
with tie-lines on campus.

Auricchio said that with a smaller
number of tic-line phones on com-
pus. out-going calls will be easier to
make from those telephones remain-
ing equipped. Hc wurhcd that the
situation “might get even more ex-
pensive.“

The tic—line culhuck cumc us purl
of u general reduction in telephone
service to all state agencies. A direc—
live from the Office of General Ser-
vices mundutcd the climinution of
tic-line use by non-stutc
organizations; the Bookstore and
UAS. The state Division of the
Budget has dcvclopcd :1 Telephone
Service Economy I’rogrum and bus
issued guidelines for phone use in
state offices.

Parker said he feels SA should
quulify us at state agency since it
provides services to the university

such as lute-night busscs. He said,
“We question why we got hit so
hard.“

The administration is seeking to
reach a goal of decreasing all
telephone usage by 23 per cent.
Commenting on SA‘s reduction to
two tie-lines. Auricchio said,
“They‘ve done quite well."

‘SWBMEMWMGIMIEW
beingwa on StnteQuMIm '
determine, the future of returnable
llottles st SUNYA; '- '

by 

changeover to returnst bottles u a
way of conserving nstursl mourns
Ind reducing litter. The‘Univmity
Auxiliary Services Board of Direc-
tors sgreed to I pilot project for this
fall. and to evaluate the test after
Nov. l. I ~

State Quadresidents have been
asked to return their. used soda
bottles to special “recycle boxes”
which are located near each of that
quud's soda machines. However. ac-
cording to Student Association
President Steve DiMeo, “the deck is
stacked against the project‘s
success.“

Smaller Clplelty

Bottle vending machines have a
smaller capacity than their can dis-
pensing counterparts. and must be
restocked more frequently. “Because
this is only an experiment. ad-
ditional manpower cannot be
provided,“ explains UAS General
Manager Norbert Zuhm. Many
students desiring soda find full recy-
clc boxes, but empty machines.

Some residence staff members feel
that the overﬂow of empty bottles
may be hazardous. There have been
reports of broken bottle fragments
on the quad. Zahm noted that he had
already received complaints from
the Plant Administration
(maintenance) and the Residence
staff.

Mursha Scidelmun. NYPIRG at
SUNYA‘s Vice Chairperson. is op-
timistic. “Students are very aware of
environmental issues. and hopefully.
will agree to the slight inconvenience
which the use of returnables will in-
volve. '

Last year, NYPIRO .m use,

    

tel-viewed cram tint . I 7
tastes-better in‘bottls’s. blotted iti-
convenience u beings  One
student said. ‘flf time over to

 

Dutch. I'm not going to carry an“

empty bottle 'bsek tiara." , a i:
“There are some difficultl-f hdn
mits State-Quad CoordinatoeJudy

Condo. “such a Itudentl whothrow '-

the bottles any or don't-return
them to the boxes". She manna
students will need to be mptoureful
with glass . . . without the
cooperation of all students on the
quad. the project won't succeed.”
The method by which the experi-
ment will be evaluated is not cleu.
UAS ofﬁcials said they could not
deﬁne what a succesan return rate

'would be. They did stress that the

cost of unreturned bottles and stolen
boxes must be borne by UAS and
would be reflected in future soda
prices.

SA President DiMeo says the pro-
ject has “a positive ecological value"
and will create a “spirit of conserva-

l‘ ".
'°" Ecological VIIIIG

“I'm. bugged that you get two
ounces less for the same price. but
that's the only size (returnable) bot-
tle that Coke makes." DlMeo con-
tinued. “I think it's Coke's way of
saying they don‘t want bottles
used . . . if the can ban is jeopar-
dized. Coke is responsible."

DiMeo feels that the ecological
impact overrides economic con-
cerns. “The only reason .I'd vote
against the campus wide implemen-
tation of returnaqu would be if
there's a safety hazard."

Students To Vote On Rec Center

by Teresa Sutton

A student referendum tentatively
scheduled for late September will
determine the fate of SUNYA‘s new
rccrcution center. The project may
be funded through it mandatory stu-
dent tux if the referendum is ap-
proved.

In u survey taken lust spring.
students scurried to gcncrully want u
recreation center and were willingto
pay it tux to get it. according to SA
Vice President (Jury Parker. Thetax
amounts used in the survey ranged
from $5 to $12 per semester.

The Student Recreation Center
Committee. of which Parker is a
member. is presently considering it
structure similar to one at Boston
College which will cost up-

ASP Wins Columbia Honors

The Alhuny Strident Press this
week received it first pluce uwurd in
the 52nd unnuul Columbia
Scholastic Press Association con-
test.

The ASP collected u tour] of 866
points out of it possible score of
1000.

The judges cvnluutcd II“ of the
issues of AS!’ published in the year

tries in the newspupcr genre based on
their content/coverage.
writing/editing. und design/display.
Honored Post
Lust year the ASPtook Medalist
honors in the contest. scoring 955
points. A Medalist ranking is award-
ed to exceptional publications
selected by the judges from amongst
the first place ﬁnishers.

plucc uwurd. Since placement
depends solely on points ric-
cumulated. a number of first place
awards are granted.
Plenty Entrles

Hundreds of publications from
across the country are entered in the
Columbia contest. They are placed
in competition within a category
such 'as collegiate newspapers. high

proximately two million dollars.

During the summer SRCC
members visited the Boston College
Center and spoke to its architect-
contructor Dun Tulley. A film. slide
rind tape presentation ofthe Boston
building will be shown to interested
students in the dormitories and the
campus center before the referen-
dum comes up.

If the referendum is approved,
construction will begin shortly
thereafter.

“If we're able to break ground by
spring. then we'll have it [completed]
by the following spring." explained
Coordinutor of lntrumurals and
Recreation. Dennis Elkin. He con-
cluded that the work should go
smoothly because the some person
who designs the structure will take
care of thecontrnctingund building.

Tulley has designed several similar
structures on campuses around the
country. He claims that he averages
between eight and nine months to
complete a project like this. He
guaranteed the SRCC that the
recreation center could be built
within a maximum of 12 months un-
less a major tragedy occurred.

SRCC members dropped last
year's idea of constructing a forced
air structure or “bubble” because It
would have been a temporary struc-
ture lusting between seven and ten

years.
Although the building would be

instituted in conjunction 'with it.
Suggestions have included
membership sales to faculty, alumni.
and during off-school seasons to
members of the community.

Major fund raising concerts could
be held at the 5.000 seat.rccreution
center. At present the largest center
on cum pus. the gym seats 2,400. The
next in size. which is the Campus
Center Ballroom. seats '800. The
Palace Theater. which is Albany's
largest theater.holds 2,700. ‘

Two pOSSIbIc sites for the center
have been surveyed by the SUNYA
Plunt Department. One is'locuted
between the~infirmury and Colonial
Quadrangle parking lot and the
other is at Perimeter Road. opposite
the pond. ‘

Avolllble Actlvltles

The master plan for the equipment
within the center features six multi-
purpose courts and drop nets to
separate areas for use. Activities
available inside will include basket-
ball. tennis. volley ball, jogging.
weight lifting. paddle bull. golf. ping
pong. indoor track. mat exercise
areas. steambth facilities and men
and women's locker rooms and
showers.

The fee of the designer-
constructor will not only cover the
cost of the buildingshell. but include
equipment right down the buket-
balls and tennis racqusts.

The ﬁrst student tax for the center.

 

1975, An entry must rccciveumlnimum school newspapers. and news primrin for student use. some “approved. will beglnwlththel'n'l-
The Anaemia“ judges me en. of 850 points to qualify for a first magazines. programs for revenue railingmnybe I978 scadernic year. .
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE THREE

SEPTEMBER 3, 1975

   

 
  
 
    
   
      
       
    
         
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
  

   

    
 

  
  

 
  
       
   
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
    
     

   

  
  
 
 
 

 
  
   
 
  

    
       
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  

  
   
  
 

  
 
 
  
 

   

    
  
    
 
 
  

     
   
    
    
    
   
  
      
       
    
      
  

      
    
  
    
  
  
    

    
   
   
    
 
   
    
   
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
    
  
   
     

    
 

 
    

