a... .L.....,.—-e_’~.,~m‘
_ .. Wva—v‘ﬁﬁ .

e-vw.

, .Carter more favorably than.

 of‘his superior

> _ Qualiﬁcations. The nature ofte’vlton‘news»
' nthe I'b nsfor this"

can a:pr

leviiion isymel‘lcdratna. The .

borin repetition'cft everyday life is‘taken by
televis on andt formed into “news stories‘.
I - Thus. "relatively dull-events are given ex-
agge ed significance. in order to capture the
atte ion‘o‘t' the 'viewing audience'.

The Presidential primary campaign. which
basically consisted of mini-campaigns and
mini-elections climsxing each Tuesday

. throughout the spring, was transformed by

- television into an epic soap opera. The main
characters were the voters and the politicians.
Each week the ‘people spoke' by voting. and
the'hopes ‘of each candidate were boosted.
dashed or held in limbo.

ln Jimmy Carter's case, his early wins in
heavily populated states like lowa and New

‘Hampshire led television news to crown him
'Front-Runner‘. Instantly. Carter's campaign
was termed ‘efficient'. itis bank accounts ‘bulg-
ed' fromcontributions and his. opponents
‘faltered' or 'fell by the wayside'. Seemingly
overnight. Carter acquired 'momentum'. that
magical element which television bestowa on
winning football teams and other front-
runners.

After the New Hampshire primary. Carter‘s
30% plurality was declard a ‘substantial vic-
tory' by CBS News. Subsequent victories by
Scoop Jackson in the less important states of
Massachusetts and New York only served to

a *strong contender‘ "who might help

" erail, the Carter express‘, but Scoop was
' » never the front-runner. '

‘ Later in the campaign. Carter's momentum
~tivasg‘ettough to withstand stron'g challenges
fibrn Jerry Brown and, Frank Church, who

geac'h won "several key' primaries. ‘Telévisicn's

“Front-Runner? lost primaries in New York.
> Pennsylvania. 'Massachusetts. New Jersey.
Maryland. California and several other states,
yet his nomination was still viewed as in-
evitahle.
Television news correspondents can be
quite candid about their role in the political
process. Consider Riger Mudd‘s comments,
concerning the Iowa caucuses last January.
“It's not really the precise figures that will be
important. it's whether or not the media and
the politicians agree that this man won and
this man lost. Jimmy Carter is said to be the
front-runner; Birch Bayh is said to be Number
2. Does Carter have to win by 10. or must he
win by only one to be a front-runner? During
the night. it- will be collected wisdom; or mit-
judgement. of the media and the politicians
that's going to determine who actually comes
off well here”.

Jimmy Carter knew that early front-runner
status was essential to his nomination. and he
worked hard to achieve it. He also was clever
enough to exploit television’s need for
melodrama. The Georgia peanut-farmer turn-
ed Presidential candidate was portrayed each
evening as the ‘hero of the play‘. Night after
night we were reminded that Carter was win-
ning. Carter was unbeatable. When the con-
vention began. there was no alternative to
Jimmy Carter left. as television guaranteed the
happy ending to its epic tale.

 

Quote of the Day:

 

If I ran a JSC board meeting like this. the whole board would resign.

commenting on Wednesday night's Central Council meeting.

JSC President Vicki Yudenfriend.

 

 

Emma IN cntcr.....

MASTIIEA D STA FF

S'rr-zt-ttsN DerANKA

 

MANAGING lDl'ma
News sonn-

PaooucrroN MaNAr-rn
AssocsArr raonucnoN MANarrn
EnrsoaIAL erss [Dl'mn

Assoclxsc hl'n‘ :mm.
Sroa'rs Intros

ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOIS 

hats It rsAruars saunas ...................................... ..Nh(lhtl Futunrnuorsa. S'r'rrettuN EISIiNMAN

SeaNcu RAooro
Dawn WlNl‘ 'RG
 ANDREA Huazttsao. CYNTHIA HAcrNIJ.

liarAN HtlLleliltG
Loutss MAuxs
ELLEN FrNa
lnvcs FlilGliNlthM

M VI‘TllliW KAUFMAN

 

Anvsansmo Manure-a
AssoctAn Anvsastsmo MANAora

MlCllAh‘l. l’rsansxr
LrsA llruNrio. DANIEL GthliS
lit-IAN Chill“.

 

CLMLSIIIEll-(llhﬂ‘l'n “nun-u
BusINrss Mm".

Preview: Nancy Emerson
Billlng accountant: Carol Cotrias
I'ayroll manager.- Bob Rubin

Ilead tprrt: Leslie Eisenstein

Athnlrlstrattve mutant: Mike Forbes

 

AJ‘. a Zodiac News: Alice Kohn. Ruben Kwarta '
Sta” writers: l’aul Rosenthal. Susan Miller. Jonathan Levenson. Bruce Connoly

Campos/tion managers: Ellen Boiscn. Patrick MeOlynn

Production: Marc Arkind. Karen Cooper. Eileen Duggin. Joan Ellsworth. Judi Heitner. Sally
Jagust. Dave Kate. Vicki Kurtzman. Michele Lipton. David Refkin. Debbie Rieger..Joan
Silverblatt. Laurie Studwell. Stu Vincent. Jody Wilner

Advertising production: Joyce Bella. Kelly Kita, Janet Meunier. Meg Roland. Anne Wren
.Phologrcphy: supplied by University Photo Service and members of Camera Clint '

The Albany Student Frau irpublirhui every Wesley and Friday during the rehab/year exec 1
holidays. Editorial policy it the resporulbillty of the Editor-inchief anti it subject to ravioli:
by the Masthead Stem Main Oﬂ't‘ce: Campus Center. Room 129: telephone: 4.! 7-8892. Adrien
hill to: Albany Studs-t Peel. CC 329, [400 Washington Avenue. Albany, New York I222).

KArrrv LAM
MrcrtAsL J. AIIDAN

 

 

more Chickens

'To the Editor: ‘ .

“The right of citizens of the Umted States,
who are lit years of age or older. to vote shall
not be denied or abridged bythe United States
or any State on account of age.”

On June 30. l97l a victory was won by all
Americans who felt that their right to vote In
this country's elections was one of the most es-
sential and important powers granted to
citizens of the United States. Not only is ita
power but it is also an obligation. This is our
country and it is our duty to make sure that its
leaders represent the majority of the peoples‘
views. If. however. the majority of the
people do not exercise their power to vote.
then the elected official cannot truly be a
representative. Whose fault is this? OURS!
Mr. Scherbenko. in his article in Tuesday‘s
ASP, is correct in maintaining that registra-
tion will not change anything. i wonder.
though. if be bothered to‘walk upto one of the
voter registration tables and look through the
material on the candidates designed to make
the registered voter an educated one also.

We cannot. as a representative student
organization spend student tax money on a
specific political party. When students run for
SA ofﬁces they run on issues pertaining to
students at a specific school and not on any
recognized United States party platforms. i
would question the ethics ofan SA that took it
upon itself to promote one particular political
veiw and suppress the others. The purpose of
our campaign is to make all these views known
to students and have them vote according to
their own beliefs and values. not someone
elses.

Mr Scherbenkors correct in one other obser-
vation. Your student association does want
you to believe that your involvement can
change the direction in which the country is
headed. If all those who are eligible to vote do
so. then there would have to be change.
Possibly. if more students bothered to vote in
I972, Richard Nixon would not have had the
chance to destroy the public‘s faith in their
elected officials.

The major furce ol‘ the elections. especially
for students. is that some people demanded a
vote for IS year olds. and once this goal was
achieved. many who were granted this
privilege chose. and are still choosing. to lg-
nore it. Lhtil. We can prove, by our numbers, to
candidates that the student vote is in fact a
reality. they will continue to ignore us.

Kathy linron
SASU Coordinator

...ond fish

To the Editor:

Upon reading Tom Scherbcnlto‘s column
entitled “On Chickens rind Fish.“ 1 httd to
think that here was an individqu who let the
cynicism surrounding the Watergate scandal
trike hold of him. While this occurrence is not
exclusive in itself. it is none-the-less an episode
in our nation's history that. unfortunately has
left tr lot of bitter feelings implanted in the
minds of our citizens. While I agree with his
major premise that. at the present time. and
perhaps for some time to come. our electoral
process seems to be nothing more than a huge
farce; it should not mean that 'we. the rising
"leaders of tomorrow."should not take part in
the political system of this country and
attempt to correct inequalities. injustices. and
the like.

One way we can voice our opinion. no
matter how little credibility is placed on the
notion. is to get out and vote. it's true thata lot
of people have been devoting a great deal of
their time to the so-called “bombardment” of

 

 

voter registration but that is because these

.. ‘ proﬁle; mmuincluded. refusetogiveup

ad will. to see things work again. in
I“ of “tum-m time into this drin tin
amp“. Center and as coordinator all
on“. 1 view it as a personal duty touch
a.“ everyone is provided withthcoppott ‘
and know-how to register. and the den.
excise their right to vote. I refuse tube '
that it is useless. ‘

One more point. “A lot of our student
money” has not been spent in this effort.
mere sum of $605.60 was allocated byt‘gm
Council to “Student Vote ‘76". This mg
was to cover the expenses of the rally iltii .
the Commuter Lounge on September
supplies. 2 ads in the Albany StudentPr
beer and chips. and miscellaneous arm
that arose. There was also n provisionin
Student Vote '76 bill that whatever moneys ‘ .
not used by November 2 would he returned s
the Emergency Spending l‘und. lnrcnliu i. -
exorbitant amount will rtot he spenlrnritn. ._ 4
have beem led to believe. It is the Cuunttl 
thought.andt_hat ofthe organizers olthcrth ,
that in this Presidential election )‘Btlltl’l'
registration and education of the rturicntr 
necessary to elect public ulticinls What
more responsive to the needs oi sludcnlsani r
young people. On these grounds. i cttn'tnrrt ;
that voter registration is n "\tttsle at trnrcir ‘:
money“. V

Our vote counts . . . go out nnd lliL‘ll' ¥

Arthur .I. thulg :”
Ccrrtrttl Council Ru .5
-\htntnt0tu :

"no 5 ign“

To the Editor:

Being president or lrcttsttt'cr trt‘nnr St
group entails much responsibility. Monti
running shows it grcttt comrrntrrtcnt tintit
parts of t hcofficersil’hc bill tntr ndttccd tutu
tral Councilwhichwould hold prchltit‘llltll‘
treasurers personally rcspomrhlc lor nun
pent funds will not serve tttt‘tlt'it'hlitisst'nst V
responsibility. rather it will Insliiitllcclingo _
fear and overhesitrttion imntting the (title
of the officers.

The S.A. budget and tndtttdttnl groupln
comes run on a system in \\ inch ll it ptmrhlrt
overspend your budget in [\Htttrtts Ihclnr
is due to negligence or rrtisrunrrngcmcnt I
that case. the individuals trunhed \iltlllititl
course he held responsible illl their lllNiL't'ti
However. there are ways to ttntttrungh tutu
pend n budget.

Most ofSA. groupstturctrun tllirl itlltiilm
Which tt certain amount (ti illll|l\'_\ isnllulh‘tll
them. However. they also il.|\L‘ it L'l'lhl"
ttmount of money which must by ruptttdt
S.A. based on prtriectrom Hi ltnu In“?
money the group will tttkc rrr \ rctpnnuh
president and treasurer should he .liliL' tut!
timute whether thci‘r group “til min rncnttui
money at on event to tttstrtt lilL’ll twpt‘tt
diturcs. However. no one l‘illl itt't‘t'tlrtltt “IL
is just one oi'thc wnys in \“illt h .t htnnnnrrro
can cruise n deficit in llllltih

Now. if n group ovcr'spcuds thctt
budget. the money is deducted trout tll
yertr‘s allotment. In this \t'u_\, \ It. .tnttl
group on: hoth covered lot lilL'\L' NW5“
situation.

Wcrc this bill to bc prim-d. trrnrrt WW
would not llCl when they should. dnt- ttrlcnrn
overcxpenditurc. 'l'be llL‘ll\ll_\ ut ttnwnnrttut
would be rnttclt reduced.

if SA. feels thttt money hm W“ WT
recklessly and irresponsibly. the) silttllitl in
rt closer watch on SA. groups n.» ur‘l"""‘“I
proposing such it mcusurc WillL'il “mild 0'":
hail them out of u rough situnttnrr once ll 1-!
already been created.

If such a bill as this were being hrnutlh”
Council. we feel that it was cucutnhcnl um
them to inform the involved grout)s 0 '
beforehand. The groups had it righl If’f‘m'
that meeting. Furthermore. those 019'?"
Council needed to hear the grnuph' “P'm‘: .
for it is they that are involved and knvw
situatlo'n best. '

A leader of any group on this cnrnptu

.l lloth'
c rn't

 

gilt

 

 

 

 

 

