   
   
  
  
  
  
   

  
   
    
 
     

   

 

 

 

   
 

( 0 Ben

During one of my checku s, the doctors found a spot on my
lungs. I thought it might cancer. So did they.

Luckily, it wasn’t. Most people are lucky. Most people
never have cancer.

But those who find they do have cancer are far better off
if their cancer is discovered early. Because we know how to
cure many amcers when wediscaver them early.

That's wh I want you to have a checkup. And keep
having ch ups. The rest of your life.

lt’ ll be a lot longer if you do.

American Cancer Society.

lHlS SPACE courteous IV It! W94“ AS A MIC SEWlCE

 
  
   
  
  
  
 
    
  
   
    
    
   
  
 
   
  
  

 

The
$15.00
Resum ’

Your resume is the tlrst Impression you make. Be sure It Isn't
the test! Let the ASP typeset and print your resume, tor
maximum impact oi content and term.

For the next few weeks only, the ASP will compose and
print one hundred copies at your resume ior only iiiteen
dollars. Your prospective employers will see an Image oi you
that reiiects quality and competence.

We'll take your present resume and typeset It on the ASP‘s
composing machinery. then have" printed at a commercial
oiieet printer — not mlrneographed or photodupllcated. It you
need more than one hundred, that can be arranged (tor a price,
oi course, but it's less than you think).

Service Is quick — we’ll turn it around in a week. The result
won’t guarantee you a lobthe first time out —— but It'll sure helpl

Ii you're convinced a printed resume can get you a better
lob, stop by

CC 323

(the ASP composing room) or cell

457- 8892

and speak with Ellen Boisen or Pat McGlynn (composition
managers). Best times: 1 pm. - 3 pm. Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday; 9 pm. - midnight Monday and Thursday.

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Tower East Cinema Presents :

For the first time in 42 years,

UNE ﬁlm sweepshll the
hiAJUﬂAL'ADEMl’AWA/llld’

BEST PicruRE "

l’liitillt mi liy Saul [.lt‘llll and lVll(,llil0l Douolas
BEST ACTOR
Jack Nicholson
BEST ACTRESS

Loom.- l lot: livi

BES

T
DIRECTOR

lVlIlos Formao

BEST
SCREENPLAY

lawn-iii v Hooln-ii
and [in (itil(llllitll

 

One Flew Over
the Cuckoo’s Nest

Thurs., Fri., and Sat.,
October 21 - 23 LC 7

7:30 and 10:00

’.75 with TEC card ‘1.25 w/out

TEC cards will be sold at the movie

 

 

 

  

atr ightline " i .

Your Mai’Or. 

 

Following are excerpts from this past Sun-
day's Straight/inc show on WSUA 640 AM.
Hos! Dan Gaines spoke to University College
Dean Bruce Grey and Academic Advisor
Richard Collier.

Gaines: The University College provides ad-
visement for anyone not in a major. usually
freshmen. Then, a student declares a major
and leaves University College advisement and
receives advisement from a professor.
What's the key difference between those two
kinds of advisement?
Collier: I would expect the faculty advisor
to be much more familiar with the student‘s
major. what is specifically involved in its
upper-level courses. and the various ways in
which a student could use that major later on
for employment and graduate opportunities.
(iaim's: Have you, Bruce. had students come
back and regret the lack of breadth in their
course load while at htc University Collcgc‘.’
Grey: No. I can‘t say that I ever had a student
come back and say that to me directly . . .
because I have consciously and judiciously let
them know my bias and have urged them to
take courses appropriately.

(minor: . . . Dick said that students are more
practical mindcd . . .

(‘u/li'cr: i said they are morc concerned with
practical matters.

(ioi'ma': What kind of things dothcyaskyou‘.’
(‘oI/it'r: “Is this a good practical major" or "I
know this isn't a practical major. but i really
like it." That kind of opening has bccomc
more and morc common as thcy l‘L‘ild the ar-
ticlcs in popular magazines and nctvspapcrs
abotit the job market and about thc dcclining
value of a collch education .

(ircy: The total staff has the some ex-
pcricncc . . . thcy lthc students] don‘t
necessarily ask it flat out in a crass manner:

“What's in it [the major] for me'l'. It's more

like “where does it lead?" and “what are the

opportunities, what can I do in this major?"
Gaines: Would you be willingto say that. too
large degree, it doesn‘t matterwhat people ma-
jor in; that you cannot predict at all what ma-
jors will end up in what profession?

Gray: I would say so . . . the great law of
"serendipity" is at work here. It's how you run
into things. who you know—l don’t mean pull
or power . . .

Gaines: It applies in that case and also with
who your friends are and what they do. . . Do
you ever to" students that it doesn‘t matter
what they major in?

('o/licr: No.

Grey: I do.

Collier: Well. I don‘t. In context. it doesn‘t
come out that way. The student sometimes is
hesitant about majoring in an area where he
docsn‘t see how he will use it. Then I go into
the explanation about the majority of people
who eventually are working in areas quite un-
related to what they learned specifically. That
is not to say that they are not using skills on
thoscjobs that they acquired in their major...
I lch a little nervous ifsomconc is completely.
scmi-lanatically. locked into something that
hc is sure will bc cxtrcmcly practical because
that's someone who may hc in fora hard fall.”~
later on ihc job does not matcrializc. it‘s a
maltcr of putting all your eggs inonc basket.
(iainm: Do you have any statistics about how
many studcnts switch majors after they leave
thc University L'ollcgc'.’

(i'rcr: . . . in the past there might have been fif-
tccn or twcnly sludcnts :i yctir who chaling
llicii‘ major oncc they left us bccausc by thcn
thcy wcrc ol junior status. lairly well into the
situation. ..
(inf/tut: l'hat's vcry few in a student body our
si/c.
(irtqt': l’liat‘s right. This year wc don't know

what's goingto happen because of the students
moving earlier with much less of an ex?
perimental base in the curriculum of what they
think is their choice and perhaps not enough

Government

by Ed Maser

U.S. Em bassics around the world will hold.
in the upcoming week. a mass garage sale of
government itcms. Dr. Henry Kissinger an-
nounced today. The Secretary of State said the

sales would be made in anticipation of'

evacuating U.S. citilcns and ‘non-ncgotiablc
valuablcs' from the few countries where they
yet remain.

Kissinger disclosed that his State Depart-
ment has been acutely embarrassed by the
U.S.‘s rcccnt. ignominious‘ departures from
countries such as Cambodia. Lebanon and
South Vietnam. and wants to stop similar
situations from ever occurring again. in these
cases. hastily organized evacuations were
barely able to bringthc Americans involved to
safety. and billions of dollars in investment
and cquipincnt had to be 1ch behind.

'I hc lattcr problem will bcsoivcd bytlic gar-
tigc salc. said Kissinger. which “will give the
US. a linal profit lor its overscas property."
Sccrct lorcigii policy documents are to be auc-
tioncd to the highest bid by the newspaper
(communist country publications and the New
York [from cxcliidcd). embassy vchiclcs will
be dumped at cul-riitc priccs in foreign uscd
car lots. and moncy. pi‘cscntly uscd to bribe
lorcign biisiiicssmcn. will instead bc invcstcd
on \\’all Strcct.

lhc Scci‘clai’y dciiicd published reports that
l’rcsidcnt l‘ord's rcccnt appointment of 17
North ('at'olinians to ainbiissadorships had

    

background io‘heve a: full impact arts-con;
sequences of the lifestylethey luv: adopted by

' the choice of majorthat they have indicated to
[II . . .

Auction Held

anything to do with rewarding these l7 for
casting 'l-‘ord' ballots at the Republican con-
vention. “All the delegates involved have
directed or participated in tobaccoauctions in
their homc state. and we need their sharp
tongues to run the embassy sales." answered
Kissinger.

In addition. Dr. Kissinger said he was
‘conccrncd‘ about numerous killings of
American personnel throughout the world:
the slain ambassadors and military attaches.
and. most rcccnlly. the two soldiers killed in
Korea‘s DMZ. “'l‘hus. afterthc garage sale.we
will cvactiatc from abroad. all American
citizens." said Kissinger. “This should prevent
furthcr bloodshed."

Meanwhile. Ronald Reagan. vacationing
on his Caliiornia ranch for the 57th time this
year, and recuperating from his unsuccessful
bid tor the Republican presidential nomina-
tion. said he would run as a Third Party can-
didatc lor the Presidency il' Kissinger followed
up on his “dcicatist statement."

th. just this morning Kissinger cooly
rcplicd to Rcagan: “()ur auction and evacua-
tion must occur it dctcntc is to continue.
Detcnlc means a lcsscning of tension; and
belicvc inc. ihcrc'll bc a lessening of tension
when ouc sidc gives up!“

“Let's face it." finished Kissinger on a
strongly upbeat note. “our days as a major
power arc over. so wc might as well try to get
something out of it while we still can."

 

   

   
  

GIFTS

  

D Y
cﬂhn
III

( 434—1482

ROASTED
COFFEE BEANS

GOURMET TEAS

11—6 WEEKDAYS 0 11—4 SATURDAYS
200 LARK STREET ALBANV. NEW YORK 12210

FRESH

Mon.: Watch
ANTIQUES

 

Just Arrived...

 

  

 

livery (‘olor & Texture,
Hundreds of Uses -
('ur Mats. Door Mats or

Make a colorful rug costing only...
(i‘ X
9' x

12' x l2‘ only 59 22
I2‘ x lS‘ only ii 27

PET
M” ED.

40 lt‘uller Road (2 blocks from Colonic Center)

489 - l234 Daily (it Sat. l0-9z30; Sun. l2-5

9' onlyii it
9‘ only 32 16

favorite prof.

  

 

 

 

OCTOBER 19. 1976

 

 

The Papa Bear Lounge
PRESENTS

WED—THURS—FRI—SAT

MTIIEDRAI

NFL iootbali on our seven-toot

screen. Free hot dogs steamed in beer.
Wed: Free glass oi champagne to ilret 100 people
Thurs: Ladlee' Night. All Ladles' drinks 'la-prlce
Sui. & Sun: Football Bullet
Oct. 30 — HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY
All you can drink: 55 (call drinks 50¢ extra)
1615 Central Ave. (Va-mile west of Colonle Cntr.)

10,000 discontinued s
CARPET SAMPLES

25¢

tarting next semester . . .

EVERY STUDENT
MUST TAKE ENGLISH 100

This hypothetical statement may come true some day.
Yes. maybe even before you've finished your un-
dcrgraduatc studies at SUNYA (they put upa parkinglot
in three days).

Students can have some say in the academic area ol'thc
University. The New York State Board of Regentsp'ut out
a 200 page proposal suggesting that the price of tuitionbc
taken away from the state and added to the student‘s bill.
‘Univcrsity at Albany‘ may mean more than a name
change. The demonstration is over. but the budgets of
various schools and departments are still being cut.
Before the decision is made not to grant tenure to your

come up to CC 346 to find out howyaucan

shape our academic future.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

MAKE
ONEY

Applications
now being
accepted for

SALES
JOBS

with the

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

  
   
 

ADVERTISING
DEPARTMENT

OYour own hours

00" necessary (unless you
want to use public transporta-
tion)

IHigh commissions for new ac-
counts

OExpericncc preferred (but nob
essential)

 

Call Dan Gaines or Lira Blun~
do. advertising managers at
45 7-8892 for an appointmenl.

raided by student association

  

 

 
 
 

 

more THIRTEN

 
  
 
 

    
  
 
    
    

