 

PAGE 4's

Em' y Lou_—the name reverhra'tewith‘free associations of the Old . _

South plantation belles, relaxing lifestyles, and gospelhymns.Today,

- V-thé‘title,» Emmy Lou, blends these traditional conceptions with one

which is quite new and distinctive, that of the current country-rock,
“Nashville” sounds. Together, these images are personiﬁed in one

v progressive, Southern singer—Emmy Lou Harris.

~ Harris, a back-up vocalist for many years, recently received her

'own deserved position in the foreground of the rock scene. While'

accompanying the late Gram Parsons, the driving force which fused
the country-rock music of the Byrds and ﬂying Burrito Brothers,
Harris‘ sole talents Were ﬁrst noticed.

Linda Ronstadt helped inspreadingthe word about this new singer

and it wasn‘t long until Harris'first major album, Piest of the Sky.‘
was high on the record charts. Harris' name became synonymous"

with the L. A. country rock style and her latest album, Elite Hotel is
currently one. of the top selling rock albums in the country.

Harris‘ acclaim was proven Monday night in her concert at the
Place. As the blazing, colored lights dazzed the stage, Harris and her
back-up group. the Hot Band. started to play lively coutry tunes
whichanimatedthe audience as well as the musicians, The slight,
unpretentious singer surprised everyone with her powerful voice and
her free-flowing movements. When Harris broke into thejumping.
humorous “Feeling Single, Seeing Double“,she captured her viewers
for the night. ‘

Strumming her guitar, beating her tambourine against her hips,or ,

dancing around the stage, Harris heightened the tempo of her
bluegrass tunes. But her sensitivity to lyrical, romantic ballads was
just as acute. As the prismatic lights softened into a red glow, the
audience grew silent. hushed by Harris‘ sweet. expressive voice on
“Come Again.“

“Just like the sun over (he mountaintops.

You know I'll always come again. . .

With the crimson colors enhancing Harris‘ ﬁgure, she seemed to be
as vital as that returning sun in her lyrics. indeed, the audience would
not let her go, calling her back for two encores after long standing
ovations. With her final iece, “Better Shop Around," Harris again
displayed her dynamism. She romped around the stage, enjoying her

own rhythms and lyrics, and transmitting this enjoyment to her‘

audience. We left the concert knowing that the singer, Emmy Lou,
merited all the images her name had evoked.

Y STUDENT PRESS

 

 

   

MARCH - 1976

 

 

The Vassar Clements Band.bilied asEmmy Lou Harris'second act.
put on a show as energetic and exciting as the main attraction.
Clements, a fiddle player who has popped up at concerts With the
Grateful Dead, the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. and the Allman Brothers.
has been playing for over twenty-five years. Like Harris, Clements'
reputation only recently began to spread as the audience for country-
rock music has expanded. _

Clements' band compliments the fiddler's musicianship and
versatility, broadening his range from the sweetest country/rhythms
to the finest Southern rock. The group opened with boogie music.
evolving into country-rock songs. When Clements played the New
Riders of the Purple Sage‘s “ Panama Vted“ and the Bands “Rag.
Mamma. Rag," the erowdjoined in eagerly. Clements had seized his
audience‘s attention and retained it for the remainder of his
performance. I '

Clements moved on to blue grass pieces, sometimes playing his
fiddle alone and, at other times, accompanied by two of his hands.
guitarists. Clements‘ talent was amply displayed in “Siltingon lopol
the world" and in his favorite piece. “ Redwood Hills." lhe fiddler
manipulated his instrument as if it were a toy, playing unusual
harmor with ease and enjoyment.

The Clements Band ended their perl'orman " with two songs well-
known in his listeners: Dicky Betts', “ le  and the traditional
gospel. “Let the Circle he U nbrokcn.“ 'l he audience sangalong With
the band, taking pleasure in the blend of the lamil . r words and the
interpretive melodies the band had composed. llic’linal‘encore.
“Orange Blossom Soecial“ or as ('leinei s titled it. “ I lie. l‘iddlers
National Anthem," exhibited the cohes 'eness and ability of the
V ‘sar Clements Band, attributes sureto be noticed more and more.

It is a compliment to lininiy Lou ilarrisand Vassar Clementsthat l
was able to enjoy their concert. After week-long hassles with the
Palace theatre box office agents who neither cared, nor believed.
that l was from the ASP and was promised tickets, I was totally
unprepared to enjoy the show. Only the musical and stage capabilities
Of these performers enabled me to relax. llowever annoying and
involving these arrangement problems were, they were drowned out
by the high quality music I was finally abie to get tickets to hear.

mviuw by Imumi IrimI/zmdm

photos by nun/r (in/mutt”

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

