 

 

   
 
   
 

   
  
   
     

   
 
 
 

. We live.  includes
iven dediiona "both'here' and in
'W' hington, policies of the Board of Regents
U run It actions taken
here on campi- bytheadmint's ation. faculty.
and students.  still recognize or know
' anything about-the individuals around whom
the news on this campus focuses. '
Steve DiMeo is President of Student
Annotation
' ‘ Steve DiMeo was elected to that ofﬁce last
May. defeating .Ion Levenson and Jay Miller.
On'a campus with a population of I5.000 peo-
ple, 7.000 of whom were eligible to vote, fewer
than I,000 voted for him.

For about eight hours a day, Steve can be
found, in his ofﬁce on the third floor of the
Campus Center. He can also be found work-
ing inrthe Colonial Quad dining hall. “I'm not
working in the dining hall primarily for the
money. I think it gives me an opportunity to be

. closer with the students. People who know me
come up and ask me questions and tell me
about problems I might not hear otherwise.”

DiMeo transferred here from Community

a COIlege and was placed in the dorm with the
‘Alpha Pi Alpha fraternity. “I got very close
with those guys and decided to join them. Last
year I was social chairman and now I'm their
song leader.“ '

Steve's first move into campus politics was
his election to Central Council in the spring of
'75. “I ‘ran because I felt that I wanted to do
something for the students here. and being
elected ivas a real thrill, a real accomplish-
ment.”

  
 

  

In his home town. Utica. Steve was also
politically active. “My freshman year in High
School. I968, I was for the was in Vietnam to
prevent the spread of Communism. I was sort
of a super patriot." By "II he spoke out against
it and worked for the election of George
McGovern. “I considered myself an idealist

 

 

 

. '3

 

rather than a eadictil'asfar‘ as politics goes."
In Utica. DiMeo quit the campaign of
MiyorEd Hannah when he felt that his cam-
paign was‘run. by bossesl f‘Rufie Elefante [a
- Utica politician] triedlto convinceme that he
wasn't so ,lpad. shut l~ felt; that .1 just. militia?
workior snitch.”   , ,
Steve now'supports Jimmy Carter for presi-
dent, after originally pulling for Mo Udall.
“I'm feeling stronger and stronger for Carter
every time I hear him speak." L
Last year Steve was elected Vice-
chairperson of Central Council and became
chairperson of it's Financial Committee.
“When I became vice-chair. the last thing on
my mind was running for President." But as he
watched the operations of student association
close up. he felt that SA wasn't serving
students like it was supposed to.

“I really wasn't sure that I wanted to run un-
til about four months before the election. I had
actually decided not to run as late as
December.

“While I was running I really didn't get that

- much of a chance to get a lot of studying in.”

Steve says that he is not a big studier. and that
his grades were better second semester of last
year without studying than those he received
the semester before when he really “busted his
chops.“

Now as president. he feels that several ma;
jor. important issues will arise this year that
students should be aware of. Most important.
he feels is the publication of the Mission Study
Statement. Steve feels that with faculty reac-
tion split over Fields‘ “mission” for the school.
this statement can make or break Fields‘ con-
trol in this University.

DiMeo agrees with Field's mission. “In
these times of austerity and retrenchment, we
can't possibly expect to fulfill Rockfeller's
grandiose plans for a Universityfor all worlds.
Allocation decisions must be made about
human, physical and monetary resources. The
direction'chosen for this University by Fields
was really indicated by students‘ academic

 

 
   
  

intros tn cutsr
MANAGING annoa
Ngwg Inn-n-

 

i ‘ Plowman

 

MASTHEAD STAFF

AssocsA'n usws snrross ................................... ..ANoaaA Hsazasso. CYNTHIA HActNu.

STI'Iuttm thNANkA
SPaNcaa RAooto
DAVID WthsLssso

BIYAN HOLZBBRO

 

 

  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
 

;‘ i Auocu'n rsonucrrox "mm--

1 ‘ f EntrossAr. rAcrs sorro-

r; , . Alisa rnrusss sorross.................. .

. Assocrxrs Asrs Imm-

sroars some i I

A a. s ' ’ '
AssocrAn Anvsartsmo " -'

CaAsstsssn-osamrr - ‘ -' ‘

lulu.“ nun".

A}. t! Zodac News: Alice Kuhn

Preview: Nancy Emerson
ﬁlling accountant: Carol Cotriss

ﬂeadtypist: Leslie Eisenstein

Laurie Studwell. Stu Vincent
Administran assistant: Mike Forbes

 

 

....NAoMI FataDLANDaa. S'rsvuaN EtssNMAN

 

Sttﬂ writers: Paul Rosenthal. Susan Miller. Jonathan Levenson

Composition manogers:'Ellen Boisen. Patrick McGIynn

Production: Janet Adler. Marc Arklnd. Karen Cooper, Eileen Duggin, Joun Ellsworth. Judi
Heitncr. Sally Jagust. Vicki Kurtzmun, Michele Lipton. Debbie Ricger. Joan Silverblatt.

Advertising production-Joyce Bella. Kelly Kits. Meg Roland. Anne Wren
Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is published twry ﬂuidity and Friday during the school year except
holidays. Editorial policy is the responsibility of the Editor-ln-Chtcf and is subject to review
’0’ ill! Milli/mu! 51W Main 007“: Contth Center, R00!"129;It'llllhiltle.“57-8892. Address
mail to' Albany Student Pram. CC 329. I400 Washington Avenue. Albany. New York [2222.

Louisa MAaxs
Fr I an Fmg
lovcs EstoauaAuM

Mn'rnaw KAUFMAN
MtcuAaL Prattth
LtsA Bruuoo, DANtsi. outta
“all” CAinu.
IAN-T MsuNiaa. KArnv LAM '
Mitts AaosN

 

 

 

 SA President

concentrations. .

‘ “Most of the students here are either taking
Business. the Social Sciences. or Sciences for

. premed/dent. These were the ‘public policy'

" areas that are being emphasized by the mis-

L:sio'n."'* x' I" " “g  'f

"a The SUNY budget comes up again this year.

f and DiMeo says that we can expect further
cuts. though not to the same extent as last
year. “The thing we've got to watch for this
year is a major cut in services, particularly the
inﬁrmary."

To build or not to build a ﬁeldhouse will be
another question to be answered this year.
“Students know there is a lack of recreational
facilities on this campus, and we must decide
whether we want to subsidizethcconstruction
of a fieldhouse. knowing that the State
definitely won‘t build one for us." DiMeo feels
that the Campus facilities are being wasted
during the summer and that the place could
make money by holding conventions here.

Another thing that will be worked on is the
improvement of off-campus housing. “Sandy
Voit and Mike Grill of the Off-Campus
Association have done a great job in ﬁnding
out where students live off campus." To have
more off-campus housing available for
students, DiMeo hopes to reactivate the Stu-
dent Dwellings Corp.. which would buy and
renovate buildings with Federal funds and
rent them tostudents. Also SA will be working
for tighter code enforcement so that student
tenants won‘t be pushed around by their
landlords.

We will also be working to have students
accepted as an important part of the Albany

- community. The business department is
preparing an Economic Impact Statement
dealing with the effect this campus has on the
economy of Albany.

When Steve isn't working. he enjoys par-
tying with his frat. He plays intramural soft-
ball and attends varsity sports events. He is
obsessed with the music of Chicago and when
he's not with his frat. he enjoys spendingquiet
times with his girlfriend.

 

 

a prisoner’s plea

To the Editor:

I would like to introducemyseli. I nm at resi-
dent of the Southern Ohio Correctional
Facility at Lucasville. Ohio. I don‘t have any
family or friends beyond these prison walls
and I am a very lonely person. Needless tosay
this lonliness is slowly but surely destroying
me. I don't know if you have ever experienced
loneliness in your life but it is very mcntully
destructive. V

I would like to ask a favor of you. I would
sincerely appreciate it if you can plucc at small
ad in your school paper for me. Letters and
friendship would mean so much to me. I feel
communication is the key to life. I would also
like to ask if you can send me publICiIIlnIIS of
your paper. In this ungodly situation. it's in
struggle just to keep from losing your stlniiy
and life.

l want to thank you for taking the time to
read this and I would sincerely npprccintc any
help you can give me in my time of IlL'L'ti.

Sincerely,

Wultcr Icc Icwit
“5-700

I’.(). link 787
Lucnsvillc, ()Ino 4564K

an internship
grows

in Brooklyn

To the Editor:

Below is an announcement as received from
the office of Representative EIiZitbclh Ilnllt-
'man regarding a scmcstcrimcrnshipprogrnm
offered through that ofﬁce. Please note that
this intership is not a paid internship.

Each semester Congresswoman Holt/mun
invites several students to work i'ull-timc in her
District ofﬁce in Brooklyn on case work,cont-
munity issues and research in itddiliou in roll-

 

Ltine ofﬁce responsibilities.

 

Our experience indicates that this semester
program is more satisfactory to students and
to our ofﬁce than one lasting a month or six
weeks. or only a few days a week. The semester
program can be combined with a summer in-
ternship if the student wishes. (Special in-
ternships for the winter intersession and for
the summer onlyare also available.)

Most semester internsjoinus on the basis of
a work-study or independent study program
throughwhlch they receive some academic
credit. There are no funds available for a .iff-
pend or for defroying expenses while students
are in Brooklyn. Students make their own
living: arrangments

Because our ofﬁce receives so many
applications for internships. it is helpful if we
hear from applicants for the spring '77
semester as soon as possible“ To help us
evaluate each application. we prefer a per<
sonal interview. if feasible. eitherin New York
or Washington, but interviews can be con-
ducted by telephone if necessary.

Students who are interested in our District
ofﬁce internship program should send a letter
and resume to Ms. Judith Dollenmayer. Ad-
ministrative Assistant. Office of Rep.
Elizabeth Holtzman, I027 Longworth House
Office Building. Washington, DC. 205l5.
Students should be sure to include telephone
numbers where they can be reached at home or
at school.

Judith Dollenmaycr
Administrativc Assistant

Crime
Blues

To the Editor:

The students at Albany State never cease to
amaze me. I have just moved back intoa dorm
after two years. The adjustment has been easy

..but thelonly- aniticipated problem that I had
was about my car. For the past eight months I
have parked my car on the street—CB radio.
antenna and all! During that entire time my
car was never even scratched. Ironically my
car was vandalized and the CB radio and
antenna were stolen Thursday night. My only
hesitation about the dorm came to life. I was
not alone Thursday night as 3 other CB radios
were also stolen. Friday at lunch. I heard of a

stereo that had been stolen right from a suite
room.

Again I say I am amazed! I. am a very
trusting person. but these actions are preven- ‘
ting me from continuing this attitude. This is
relatively peaceful Albany. not New York
City. and I resent the fact that a certain group
of individuals are making life uncomfortable.
expensive and inconvenient. If you want to
continue your actions get the hell out of
Albany. The trusting and victimized people
that read this knowthat lam not talkingabout .
them—but to the thieves. I,hope,that.the
thieves feel guilty and uncomfortable and that
they get caught and locked up!

Also, thank you security for your efﬁciency
and pleasant attitude.
Stephen A. Stofelano. Jr.

academic priorities?

To the Editor:

Upon my return to campus this fall. I was
really quite pleased with most of the changes.

The new Ruthskcllcr is really beautiful. The
dining balls, with their paint-jobs and new
equipment (no more greasy hamburgers). are
nice improvements over last year. UAS has
shown they are attentive to the needs of the
students and deserve to be commended.

I wish the same could be said for the ad-
ministration. ] begin to wonder where this un-
iversity's priorities lie when it cuts the library
hours two hours weeknights and four hours on
Sunday. In curtailing these hours we are. in
effect. being told to stop studying or to find
someplace else (an almost impossible task that
early in the evening).

As students, we come here to learn. and it is
the university‘s obligation to teach us. Shut-
ting down the library. where much ofthis lear-
ning occurs is merely self-defeating.

Mitchell Canter

 

 

 

The Albany Student Press welcomes your
letters. Please submit all letters
TYPE WRITTEN to Albany Student Press.
CC 329. I400 Washington Ave. The ASP
reserves the right to print or edit letters to the

 

Namer will be held u )0" re uest.

editor. Unsigned letters will not bepublt'shedJ

 Again 1 Again

 

Increased freshman and transfer-student enrollment  
means many new faces on the Albany campus; faces unfamiliar wrththe 
atmosphere and crisis of our community and - indeed. a problem “if
themselves. . v ..  V V

The overcrowding on this campus in something is hand to  I p ‘
especially if you are one of those fortunate students assigned emerpncy. ' 7‘

housing” in a lounge; or a freshman tn a tripled-up- room [barely ~
adequate for two. The first Week of school saw dtnner httes‘extending
through ﬁagrooms, long waits at this ofﬁce and that. people crammed In.
SWeltering classrooms. These hassles are by no means unique to this time
and place, but do necessitate immediate concern and evaluation. .

The problem of overcrowding extends way beyond the physical
discomforts of classroom and dorm. .‘The ,whole tssuse of qualityww
education is at stake. Onta campus suitable for 10,000. we are puslung
[5,000. How long is this to go on? Till we: hit 20,000, 25,000? Where and
when will the line be drawn? Shouldn't it have been drawn long ago? 

What it boils down to is a question of priorities. Money must  made, ,.
yes, and contracts must be fulfilled, but what does thts'instttutron exrst 1
for? The concern for quality education and the maintenance of an
atmosphere conducive to it seem all-but-forgotten in attempts to make
ends meet and mass-produce college graduates. . _

While we recognize the attempts being made by University personnel
to deal with the immediate overcrowding crisis confronting us, we
express extreme concern over the perennial trend to tax our resources to
the limit and beyond, at the expense of our veryreasonfor being here.

Reprinted from the Albany Student Press, September 7. I973

   
  

  
 
  
   

    
  
   
        
         
            
         
         
      
       
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

Erratum ' . ;

In the “NYPIRG VS. Moynihan“ interview (ASPects. September 3,
I976) Daniel P. Moynihan was incorrectly referred to as Patrick B.
Moynihan.

 

 

Quote of the Day:

We have to do something. but we can't pave over the entire University.

Lloyd Hebert
Parking Superintendent for Security

 

 

 

 

Deacon Ford?

by Ed Moses

President Ford said today he will convert to
Catholicism. "Washington is worth a Mass,“
he has privater told his family.

Ford sees in a direct appeal to Catholic
voters. a chance to win the election. as
Catholics may be irritated by Jimmy Carter's
horn-again Protestantism and ambivalent
stand on abortion.

Next week. Ford and his entire family. ex-
cepting Ford‘s son Jack. will wade into the
Potomic River to be baptized byaCardinul of
the Church. The youthful. athletic Jack Ford
will dive into the water from a bluff overlook-
ing the river. 2.

That same afternoon, Ford willrdeliver a
major campaign address from the pulpit of St.
Patrick‘s Cathedral in New York City. Among
other things, Ford will claim his grandfather
was opposed to Prohibition.

Yesterday. In Rome. Pope Paul made the
erstwhile Episcopalian President an honorary
deacon of the Catholic Church. In return.
Ford promised to lend the CIA tothc Pontiff
“for use against the Communists In future
national elections of the Italian democracy."

The traditional atmosphere of the White
Home has been drastically altered by the
President‘s change of Spirit. The heavy smell

of incensenow prevadcs the Oval Office, and

paintings of the Four Apostles have replaced

those of Washington. Madison. Jefferson and

Lincoln. Secret servicemen no longer protect

the outside gates.

In their place are Swiss Guards. armed to

Ithatepyh withdcadlyipiltes. _

WW,

 

The White House librarian reports I‘ortl hm
nearly mastered Latin. and has been lliilL‘llllltz
hard to George Carlin records. so as to lean n
something about growing up in a puruchm]
school.

In a move that will no doubt cfi'cct th‘
presidential guest list. Ford has ponlllicitlcd
that “all the heretical Billy Graham of the
world must never come near the White I'IOIISL‘
again."

In San Francisco. rock imprcsurio Bill
Graham replied. “Deacon Ford can go to lit“
I wouldn‘t want to see him anyway.”

The President had made California Uowt~
nor Jerry Brown his Spiritqu Adviser. nnd. in
emulation of the ex-Jesuit scminnriun‘s 11:0le
ways. has begun flugclluting himself whenever
he has to veto it wasteful Democratic In“.
Brown. himself, has been holding prill’t‘r
meetings in Washington. DC. with 'rncdicntd-
mill' doctors who have been convinced by
Brown to renounce their Worldly possessions.

Ford has expressed interest in using fcdcrlll
funds to build a ‘Washington Coliseum .'
where he says “freespcnding Cttlholic
Democrats can be martyrs to the Faith iflltcy
wish, assuring themselves of on etcrnnl spot In
Heaven. Without astopoverin Limbo.cvcn.“

0

These days reporters come upon it l’rc-‘iidcm
who paces the Capital's streets for hours at n
time. lost in godly thought. Durintl “"9"
sessions. Ford has been known to hul‘ﬁe cor-
respondents withsuchamystlcullincns.“l|c%
somebody get me u needie's eye and a camel: 1

is! t“ W voracious out",

 

 

 

 

 

our lit to 619 .

AW IH

%? $43qu FOR
\ cesspool

  

 

 

 

 

 

r FER‘
L J
r 1 AH FOR How GNU
. . mince
0155 We cwov 6‘0
éLOUV “ Edvard, , (j)
l l -
. o. "i
/' xi

out no no” WM"

(I3th-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

