 

.m ,,z_

:y ..a “. “Sahifﬂ3wnmwngﬁk: a... I, 5.

 

 

 

Dy mil. 



Ahmltep’ntolme-dmloure

mummbﬂammﬁlk.
us Gad hi: 8".

Busy (Mob, With Ghanaian
My. thtipd'hhmtmz
dM'YoWsﬁnglmpkyshsum
uh Gum Britt oil the United! Station. Al:
Ibhttﬂlhonnrﬂ Primi'amauro‘rac:
At: liar.  an even.

 year, tilt: competition for world

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ti with

Championship? was only thascconthmoxn
intonation: thing on: the mindis all the
Glént’sspecramm. The- wind; the rain; andi
the mud seemed to his the: topic; of!
everybod‘y'h conversation.

It hudi been rrtiningsteadily in. Watkins»
Glensinuc‘TIhursday. T’huimuiitllamue
track. is normally muddy- but: last: Sun»
 the Glen was quicksand. l'ltose mt:—
ing; devotees who camped .11: the. circuit:
found their  vans. :tndtntclta stuchsn
fear. not: inches. in. very iitpudy mud.

   

     
      

At: lunar. min lull om: hundred thousand
Fuimttilt: (Qua racing than were drenched.
.‘lniiiliiy. is [hit innim Warm. but the race
weekend: truly ltugmti liy Frictzy. Prac—
tttzzs. liint: ttiullr..iunlig1intuiclt races ﬁll
the. tanks at nmltitltr [in (from Pm Sun-
days llntlma .uitil Sitiitrdtty. were total

 

washroom: miliinigi muiimdimt’loyal
wpuctuzmrusiitnwzil:unlit: nurmrmuﬂ rams.
“lamina; .‘nowover .».;tw no ~‘nmr: pneurp'rta-
'tom

€‘lutywcame: was of (an! 3:133:72 tothe

 

drivers. mechanics, and t)\\ncr\ the)
were concerned. mind you. but thuy had
other things besides the rain to think
about. The race was going [it run In
anything. barring a ﬂooded track

The battle for the I976 Championship
focuses the spotlight on Niki l .iudu and
James Hunt.

Lauda. an Austrian. came back lrumi
serious accident earlier in the moon to
resume status as a contender H: n llic
defending champion and has nun 1hr \c-
cond highest amount ol (irund~ Pro at
any active driver. He dl’l\r.'> .l l-mmrr

Hunt, from England. is u ncucr lit-con
the circuit. Despite his rcpllltlllnll :nr Illl-
maturity. his success so for tho m: n not
unexpected. Hc drives a .\lcl .lim

Lauda. Hunt. and about tun diI/un
other drivers woke up Sunday in .l :m null
schedule ot‘ewnts. Some ol the mnnncl
things had to be run. “1th sonic Mlllt‘t‘l'
ing. the race would begin at F p 'r. . only
45 minutes after originally ~l.lt.tl lhc
Super Vee race and the loyom L clt'hlll)
race were staged. The \d\} l’dmtlmic
Team was cancelled. maybe Tract-.zinc ml
the wind.

By noon. parked cars lll‘lL‘d [mum-nil
Road. The bleachers began in  hill
perhaps not as full) as in pot 5-. ~ lllt’
temperature wasn't above 40. out .1: ic.i\l
there “as no rain.

 

 

 

 

 

Hot chocolate, somewhat hot coffee,
and lukewarm tea sold continuously at
the concession stands. Bottles ofJ&Band
Wild Turkey were consumed quickly.
Even the Glen‘s old favorite, Genncssee,
was on hand. Despite the weather.

The sun actually peaked out from
behind the rather dense clouds once in a
while; the l‘ans‘ spirits began to rise. Even
the local ladies at the food stands begun to
smile a little. It wasn‘t getting any
warmer. but it sure looked u lol nicer.

It was 2:30. The preliminary races and

prctices had all but cleared themselves off

the track. Fans returned to their blcachcr
and camper-top seats. They played ()
Canada and The Star Spangled Banner.
Race time was approaching.

Jody Schecktcr. a South African driv-
ing a 6-whcel Ell" 'l'yrrcll. was to start in
tlic poll position. Time trials did not
result quite as expected. largely due to the
cold weather. Track announcer l’aul
Mann filled the spectators in on last-
minutc changes. as did the three local
radio stations.

It was race time. The first of 59 laps saw
Scheckter out front, followed by Hunt
and .Lauda. Jean-Pierre Jarier. John
Watson, and Mario Andretti startedwell.
but were never in the running for first.

The excitement ofthc start waned, and
the concessions and wooden johns once

again began to do business. As is the rule
for Watkins Glen food stands. the ham-
burgers run out by mid-race. Folks settled
for sausage patties on buns. Schecktcr
maintained the loud.

Andrctti was out with engine trouble.
Jacky Ickx had a minor collision and was
lllkCll away to Elmira Hospital for obser-
vntion.

Suddenly. it was time for Hunt to make
his move. [Energy filled the crowd as the
Briton overlook the Al'rictin‘s 6—whcclcr.

   

It was a lead he kept for the rest of the
race. Schccktcr stayed in second spot.
Lituda kept third.

No sooner than James Hunt took his
victory lap. thousands of fans headed for
their cars. Some weren‘t going anywhere
very quickly; the mud remained very wet,
though there were some Good Samaritan
car pushcrs around.

Clouds covered the Southern Tier sky
as the thermometer dropped even further.
Cars slowly pulled onto 4l4. north to the

i/ \f\w\,f‘ J‘k/T/Atr-

 
   
 

 

Thruway. and south to Route l7. The
eighteenth US Grand I’rix was over.

For the drivers. one more race was left
on the Formula One tour: Japan. It
would decide the World Champion auto
driver for I976.

For the race fans. the car heaters were
started. the road maps were unfurled. and
the radios tuned in for the recap of the
day's results. It was one more October
Sunday at the Glen: cold. windy. muddy

. and they‘ll all be back next year.

Hunt makes his move.....

 

A

OCTOBER 15. 1976

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

\

l

J

PAGE 5A

 

 

 

 

