 

 

 

,. .A,.MM,.C ._ m.” .. - i '
, .. .. ,3 ,..ﬂg._..v.,.,w__._~. ... 4.... _ ._ _ ,,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Wows.” .«.W...., . .

'   The SUNYA Student
f Recreation Center Committee

Has the» Place for You!!!!

_ BACKGROUND

In the late 1960‘s and prior tothecompletion of construction plans
for the new campus, our University community learned that ourIong-'
awaited Field House would not be constructed in the immediate
future. The need for suchia facility, which existed than. increased
commensurate with the university‘s growth through succeeding
years.

The rapid growth of participation in men‘s and women‘s
intramural athletics (62% participation increase over I970—7I) and
the need for increased open or free time recreation have underscored
the desireability of a multi-use facility.

With these factors in mind. a group of students. faculty, and
administrators met to determine possible courses of action which
address these needs. (Membership of the group is listed below).

Early considerations included the possibility of a relatively low
cost “bubble” similar tothat which is in use at the SUNY at Buffalo.
Visits by Committee members to the. Buffalo campus. Boston
University. Boston College and M.I.T.,' have ledthe Committee
to certain preliminary conclusions. At this time. the Committee has
eliminated the “bubble” from further consideration.

A structure of longer life expectancy and service, such as the
facility developed at Boston College, is now viewed with enthusiasm
by this group. Using the features of the Boston College facility as a
model. the Comittee has now developed a proposal for broader
campus review. The basic elements of the building and general
characteristics are described in these materials.

Presidents of two architectural-engineering-constructural ﬁrms
have visited the campus, upon invitation of the Committee. Total
cost of a proposal of the nature described on the next page has been
estimated at somewhat under $2 million. including equipment. (It is
important to note that construction time has been estimated at 9 - I2
months).

Funding ofthis proposed structure will be dependent upon some.
or all. of the following:

a) the Athletic Advisory Board Surplus

b) the Unive;sity Auxilliary Services (FSA)
c) user fees

d) other worms to be determined

After careful review and consideration. the committee has
determined that a long-term funding arrangement (IO- 20 year) will
be necessary; therefore, it is important that the broad opinion of
our academic community besought priortothe making ofanyfirm
committments.

This information is presented for your review and reaction. Atable
will be staffed by Committee members from 10 am until 2 pm
Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday (May I0. II. 12) in the Campus
Center. Slides of the Boston College Student Recreation Center will
be displayed and Committee members will be available to, answer
questions. A questionnaire will be distributed at that table. for the
purpose of recording community opinion.

The Committee requests your careful consideration of this
proposal and invites your opinions. We assure you that your
reactions will be important determinants in guiding the Committee's
further actions.

The Student Recreation Center Committee.

Ms. Chris Bellini. Student

Dean Neil C. Brown. Jr. Dean For Student Affairs

Mr. Dennis Elkin. Coordinator of Intramurals and Recreation

Mr. John Hartley. Vice Pres. for Management and Planning

Mr. Rich Kissune. Student

Mr. Stuart Klein. Controller. Student Association

Mr. Rick Meckler. Vice Pres. Student Association

Mr. Joel True. Facilities Program Coordinator

Dr. Lewis Welch. Vice Pres. for University Affairs

Dr. AI Werner. Chairman. Physical Ed. - Men

Mr. Norbert Zahm. Executive Director. F.S.A.

Mr. Jeffrey Hollander. Vice Chairperson (student)

Dr. Robert Squatriglia. Chairperson (Associate Dean for Student Affairs)
Ml, Charmaine Baum, President. Women's Intramural and Recreation
Association (WIRA)

 i I
-r'; n u; e y
g. t a. .__
 , . ' -
. P.."K ‘C.’.
i. cannon-f '
, I

It» v~.~j .

Sunya Student Recreation Center Fact Sheet

COST...Approximater $2 million
CONSTRUCTION TlME...9 - I2 months
PRIMARY USE...for student free-time recreation andintramurals
USE FEE...$IO - $20 per year per student voluntary or mandatory.
Faculty, staff. and alumni may purchase membership cards.
BUILDING HOURS...9 am - midnight; 7 daysaweek; year—round.
CONSTRUCTION FEATURES...(similar to Boston College - see
slide show. CC Lobby, May l0 - l2. l0 am - 2 pm)

-Structure is pro-cast concrete and heavy timber constructure

-ﬂoor is a synthetic resin (tarten-type)

-a clear span building 325‘ x [30‘

—consistent with energy conservation

-designed for use by the physically handicapped

-muIti-season use for year round play. A ventiIIation system
supplies 50,000 cubic feet of fresh air per minute
RECOMMENDED LOCATION OF RECREATION
CENTER...on the Uptown Campus - to.be determined
PROPOSED RECREATION CENTER FEATU RES...(see
diagram)

-6 multi-purpose courts which may be separated by ceilingto floor
drop-nets so that 6 different contests may be played at the same time.

-drop-nets separate 200 meter track from court areas so that con-
tinuous jogging may take place

-drop—ncts separate jumping pits. baseball batting cage and golf-
driving areas

-4 maitainance-frec handball-paddlebaII-racquetball courts

-Iocker and shower facilities for I250 men and 1250 women

~seating capacity for concerts, speakers,etc.. 3000-4000

-Iarge saunas in both men‘s and Women‘s locker areas

-smaII games area for billiards. table tennis. etc.

g-vending area with snack tables

-controIIed access - use limited to members and guests

-equipment issue with university ID. card
IMPORTANT FACTS...

-This is not State funded

-Ii will not be used for intercollegiate team practice or classroom
time during normal building operation hours

-The building will be used for concerts. speakers, and special
events. Compared to our gym. there will be an improvement in both
seating capacity and acoustics.

 

 

 

 

 

 

|I II I
ll || ‘ I
II it '

II

I
l
l
l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

m

[.1

_._‘

 

 

 

 

J

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A.

 

 

 

 

Watch for the Slide Presentation in the

.JM

A. Main entrancedt |.D. Checkpoint
B. Women's Locker Room SI. Sauna
C. Men‘s Locker Room & Sauna
D. Staff

E. Handball. Paddleball. Racquet-
ball Court

f. Equipment Issue

G. Storage

MEZZANINE AREA

H. Billiards & Table Tennis Area
(l6' x 78')

observation for field house and
' ‘L “ courts
H1. Billiards and Table Tennis( I4‘ x
IIS‘)
I. Snack Area
J. Staff Office

FIELD HOUSE

K. 4 Lane Synthetic Turf I/x niletrack
L. 6 Multipurpose courts (tennis.
basketball. volleyball.badminton)
M. Highjump. Iongjump amt nolc
vault pits

N. Gymnastics 8L Exercise
(universal machines)

0. Baseball batting cage with
pitching machine

P. Golf driving area

Campus Center Monday thru Wednesday 10 -2 pm.

A questionnaire will be distributed

in order to measure student reactions.

WE NEED YOUR SUPPORT

For more information, contact Rick Meckler at 7 -6542

or Campus Center 346.

This project funded by your Student Association

 

