 
  
  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

by Ellen Wlite

Riding the local bus to Boston. Marge
looked out to the small pale villages sunk
to mud. It was newly spring; the creeks
ﬂooded and brown veiled circles of snow
crouched beneath an occasional pine.

Paul remained in Albany. At this mo-
ment Paul did not even know that she had
left. In a few hours he would enter the
house. sit down in his chair, and wait. He
would turn on the television. He would
feed the ﬁsh. If he were in an especially
considerate mood he might even. in an-
ticipation of her arrival, turn on the oven.
.Then he would sit like a sphinx and she
would be in Boston.

A man sat down beside her and in-
terrupted her speculations.

“I sure hate to travel on this dirty stink-
ing bus." He paused to light a cigarette.
and then explained: “My car's in the
shop.“

“Uh huh." Vin ually every male she had
ever sat beside on a bus had offered the
same excuse.

He was small. grey. and moderately
wrinkled. He was smokirtg a Marlboro.
The box lay like a red cross ﬂag in his
spotty crotch.

“Of course this time of year I like to be
in Florida." he continued. “I‘ve been there
five. no. is it six times. But since all the
portareagans started coming up from
Cuba. taking over everything. well. it‘s no
place for an old man.

She turned from him to stare out the
window again. They were goingthrough a
thickly wooded area. She pressed her
nose to the glass and the cold carried itself
through her entire body.

“Of course I‘m not that old. only fifty-
six.“ He paused. “llut I don't want to
bother you with my talking.“

“Don‘t worry about it." she replied.
She then turned to him and asked in a
warmer voice: “May I have a cigarette."
“Yes of course. girlie." When she had
put it into her mouth. be lit a match and
raised it to her. A stray whisp of hair
slipped down and singed.

“I‘m damn~-I'm very sorry."

“Don‘t worry about it." She pinched
the strand and rubbed the charred
fragments from it.

He lit another cigarette. stubbing the
old one somewhere among her luggage.
“In fact I‘m thinking of getting a new
an altogether. Now what I mean is a ‘70
.Jr'7l. I'm looking at a Volkswagon. This
very night. Although. I‘d prefer a Ford.

 

\

When you pick up a lady in a Ford. no

I AGE 4A

matter how old it is or you is. it‘sa Ford.

“Sort of genteel.“ she suggested. She
thought he squinted at her rather oddly.
“But VW‘s.“ she continued. hopingthat a
little conversation might melt her
numbness. “Have a tendency to tip over.
Besides. with a VW you couldn‘t have a
lady friend much taller than you are."

“Well I sure wouldn't want a lady
friend any taller than me.”

She sat up very straight. Lookingto the
formaica fresco that lined the bus and
separated the windows. she guessed that
she topped the Golden Gate Bridge

whereas he would have to stretchto reach
the iron balconies of New Orleans.

“But I don‘t want to bother you with
my talking now.“

“Don‘t worry about it.“ she replied.
Her cigarette was almost finished. She
looked down to see if he had any luggage
to throw it in. He didn‘t.

"I divorced my wife nine years ago." he
offered.

Funny. she thought. how men on
busses have always divorced their wives.

“Do you have any children?“

“Nine of them. all good kids. not one of
them ever touched any of those drug.
They don't hardly drink either. Not like
their mother. And maybe they don't goto
church every Sunday. but they never miss
a bingo game.“

"Bingo?"

“Bingo. you know. up. down. across.
and diagonal. I play Bingo every night.
Doesn't cost much. I won‘t put down
more than four or five a night. And

  

. back

I :fotheapa
r and

the fish.‘ .. z“ W .

Bingo, up, down. across, and diagonal.
But I don't want to baher you with my
talking."

“Don't worry about it."

He got off at the next stop. dropping a
ﬁnal cigarette into her cupped/hands.

“Maybe I'll see you some night at the
games.“ he called as he walked down the
aisle.

As soon as she got off the bus in
Boston. she called her friend and explain-
ed the situation brieﬂy: “I have run away
to Boston.“ Shetook a subway, the wrong
one, she took a bus, and she wandered
around for quite a while before she found
her friend‘s building The sensation of be-
ing some where she ought not to be
coupled with the sensation of now know-
ing where she was anyway made her feel
like a Sleepwalker. deaf, dumb. blind. and
terriny numb.

By the time she found her friend‘s
building and had walked up the five

ﬂights to (the apartment. she was ex-
hausted. The door was open and Karen
stood in the hall.

“So what about you and Paul?” she
asked before Marge had even reachedthe
doon

“We‘re through.“ she said. “Or rather
I‘m through."

“Yeah. sure. Did you have a fight?

i What did you ﬁght about? You never

fight?"

Marge dumped her bags inside the
door. The room was small and win-
dowless. It was furnished ‘only with a
couch, chair. bureau. metal closet and a
‘television set. In the corner kitchen.
Karen‘s httsband, George. sat on a stool.
Marge supposed the couch opened into a
bed.

“You didn‘t tell me you had a studio.
Where will I sleep?“

“Don't worry about it. Of course if we
decide to make love. you canalways sleep
in the bathroom. If you leavethe light on.
the roaches don‘t come out as much. But
don‘t change the subject. what happened?
Oh dear—" she stopped and mused a bit.
Marge walked over to the couch. Karen
continued: “We do make love nearly
every night."

“A good sexual relationship is a
necessary foundation for a marriage."
added George. as he looked up brieﬂy
from his paper. Karen looked at Marge
accusingly. Marge looked down. She felt
herself reﬂected in the swirls of grey
linoleum. Karen. shethought. had chang-

ed so decply that she could no longer
remember why they had ever been
friends. The present was undesirable. the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

, ‘ _ , “You'dor’t't have to declare iton your»
l’income tax.” She did not reply. After a '
- long pause he continued: “You know.

      
   
    
   

past, unrecognizable.

“Well. aren't you going to tell me what
happened?" Karen asked. "If I‘m putting
you up then I certainly don‘t descrvcto be
kept in suspense.”

Marge sat down. The room spun in
weary rounds before her. “Now look." she
said with a tottch of rage sharpening her
voice, “I was on a bus for five hours today
and I’ve spent the last two W'tndcring
around, lost. Can Ijust sit down and resttt
minute?"

“I don‘t understand.“ said Karen.
“Nobody ever has any trouble l'indingtlie
place.“

“What do I hear?“ George interrupted
caustically. “Haven‘t you learned to giie
directions yet? Don‘t you even know the
way home by now?"

Karen sighed. Marge sighed. (icorgc
turned over the page with a snap. ’l‘htysat

' dumny for a few minutes.

“There‘s really nothing I want to say."
Marge ﬁnally offered.

“Come on now. When I broke with
Terry and we'd only been going out for
three weeks. I certainly had alot to say"

Marge remembered well.

“Come on. spit it otrt.“ Karen pleaded.
“Will liquor loosen your tongue?"

“God no.“

“Well why don‘t you start with what he
did.“

“He really didn‘t do anything. Ile lllSl
sat there. It was more what I did."

“For Chrissakes. where‘s there‘.’ And
what did you do?"

“There is anywhere. Wherever he was.
hejust sat. there. Sometimes he would ask
me a riddle. I always knew the answer.
That was the extent of our relationship.
Sitting. Questioning. There.“

“But you always sounded so happy
when I heard from you. which of Course
was not too often. I‘m sorry that I never
wrote back. but it‘s so hard to coordinate
having both stamps and envelopes in the
house at the same time. Especially with
George always usingthem up and not tell-
ing me. But I can understand how using
one position could get tiresome after
several years. Didn‘t I give you the Joys of
Sex as a wedding present?“

“Karen. you don't understand. He
would sit in his chair with his hands fold.
ed. staring into his reﬂection in the cht:\’l-
sion set. He turned into a sphinx'?"

“A mythical beast: part man. part lion.
part bird. Maybe some other parts too
But it all ends up a big yellow lump in the

 

omron

 

 

 

 

       
 
 

middle of the desert.” The words came
slowly. She felt more uncomfortable sunk
in the couch between these two friends
than she had ever felt with Paul. As she
glanced at the television set, she believed
she saw Paul's reﬂection in it. He was. at
least. the lesser nightmare. But she would
not go home.

“For your information. Marge.“
George interrupted. “Sphinxes are
female. But Marge. go back a bit. Just
what was it that you did?

“Watch out.“ Karen hissed. annoyed
that George mightextractthe whole story
from Marge. “In another minute he‘ll ask
you to lie down on the couch.“

Marge looked to Karen with some
alarm.

“You know how these out of work psy- ,

chologists are.“ Karen explained.

“All right. all right.“ said Marge weari-
ly. “I‘ll talk. If you want to know the
truth, it is simply that he caught me smok-
ing.“

“And hethrew you out forthat?" Karen
slumped tothe ﬂoorin afaint of disbelief.

“No. of course he didn‘t throw me out.“

“Then why are you here?“

“I don‘t know.“ Marge whined. She
then returned to her normal tone of voice:
“He said I was deceiving him.“

“With a cigarette?"

Karen opened wide her mouth.

Marge nodded although it made her
dizzy.

After an appropriate pause. Karen
closed her mouth enough to ask another
question: “Well what kind were you
smoking?“

"It doesn't matter. He found out my
only secret. He said I was deceiving him.“

“0h-—Marge——that's obscene."

“Christ. Karen. It was all symbolic.“

"Exactly." George interjected.

“He didn‘t tell meto stop. He didn‘t say
it was bad for my health. He just said:
‘You‘ve been deceiving me. All these years
you‘ve been deceiving me.‘ He said it in a
very ominous tone of voice. And then he
went and sat down in his chair."

“And so. your only secret discovered.
you left.“ Karen promptly wound up the
narrative.

“No. I went out and bought an ashtray.
I mean I was sick and tired of wrapping
the ashes and butts in tin foil and then
throwing them out the window into the
porch roof gutter or burying them in the
waste basket. And then I'd wake up. deep
into the night. and wonder if perhaps I
had set the house on fire. Sol ptit the ash
tray on the kitchen table. Paul picked it
up and carried it across the kitchen to the
waste basket. And then he went into the
other room. sat down in his chair and
stared into the sptiec between the televi-
sion set and the fish tank."

Marge did not feel any better for hav—
ing told the tale. She guessed that she
would probably tell it better the next
time.

“'I‘hat's just terrible. Karen
fortcd. “I'm reullysorrv. Who would have
thouqu a little thing like that would have
made him treat you so badly."

"But this is where the sphinx part coin-
es in." Marge began. " He‘s likethal all the
time."

“I don't think you understand. Marge.“
George put down his paper and. still
perched on the stool. folded his arms.
Marge realized that he hadn't tttrned a
page in quite a longtime. He continued:

as

L'Olll‘

MAY 7, 1976

, “The fact that you smoke cigarette-iri-

dicated that'youhave been arrested at an

toral', or if yOu prefer, infantile eta".

However, the cigarettes act as a foil for
this—retardation. By smokingthem. you
pretend that you have reached a genital
stage. You can see the difference. can‘t
you. between putting a thumb into your
mouth and putting in a cigarette?"

"Sure." Marge laughed. hoping wildly
that he was joking. “One ruins your teeth
and the other your lungs."

“No Marge, that's not the point.".His
calm voice' did not betray ajoke. “One's
an ionic and the other's an outie."

Karen giggled. George glared at her.
Marge put her head into her hands. “I am
trying.“ George continued icily. “To help
your friend.“

“You must excuse George.“ said Karen
quickly and bitterly, “Since he hasn‘t been
working he's gone freelance. Doubtless
he‘ll ask you for a small contribution at
the end of your session.“ '

George ignored her. “Do you unders-
tand. Marge. that your arrested develop-
ment has resulted in a secret obsession

“with the phallic yct oral cigarettes. The

secrecy aspect brings to mind the habits of
certain transvestites."

“You mean transsexuals.“ Karen in-
terrupted.

“Transvestites.”

“Transsexuals.”

“Transvestites.”

“Well it takes one to know one.“

“What the hell are you talking about.
Karen?“ By now George was so mad that
he jerked himself erect and hit his head
against a kitchen cabinet.

“Just ask him.“ Karen said to Marge.
“What color his underwear are. Go on.
just ask him."

“I'll tell you." he shouted as hejumped
down from the stool. “They were royal
purple until you bleached them.“

“And now.“ Karen announced smugly.
“They're lavender.“

“That’s enough." said George. He sat
down again and folded his arms. “The
most interesting thing you‘ve said so far
Marge. which confirms my diagnosis of
your arrestation at an infantile stage. is
the fact that you sheath the physical end.
or butts. of your cigarettes. You see.
some times a piece of tin foil is only a
piece of tin foil. and sometimes it is a
symptom of a rather severe personality
conflict—" .

“All right." said Karen. whose voice
was reaching new highs in volume. “This
is it. No more no more no more." She
turned to George. “I‘m goddamn sick of
you pseudo-analyzing every person who

comes into this house. No wonder I don't
want my friends to come here anymore.“

“But of course.“‘George commented in
his analytical voice. “So that‘s why you
give everyone the wrong directions.“

“I‘m so sorry. Marge.“ Karen explain-
ed. “But we never light. I don‘t know
what‘s wrong with us tonight."

“Hey. don‘t worry bout it." said Marge.
trying to figure out how to make excuses
and wondering where she might go. She
ﬁnally lifted her head.

“I mean we never fight. ever. Do we
George?“

“There‘s always the time you tore up
my paycheck." he suggested.

“Paycheck. paycheck.“ she shouted.
“It‘s been a damn longtime since you've
gotten a paycheck. And it wasn‘t a
paycheck. it was an assistantship check.
And there wasn‘t much to it either.“

Once again. George stood up angrily.
“It isn‘t as if I haven't been trying. You’re
the one who refuses to move out of this
damn town." Now he shouted: “You‘re
the one restricting me to a thirty-mile
radius.“

“You restrict yourself with all that
Freudian garbage.“ Karen snapped in
return. “Nobody bothers with that
anymore. I‘m damned sick ofsupporting
you. And you never offer to cook dinner."

Marge could feel the forward pushing
somnambulic hand upon her. She stood

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

" on
to leave. Karen picked up an ashtray. held
it out. and let go. By the time Marge had
picked up her bags. Karen was holding a
lamp. George stood frowning with his
arms crossed tightly. 0f the two, only
George noticed her departure.

“Oh my God. Marge." he shouted."l‘m
sorry. Come back.“ He gestured l'or herto
return.

Marge ran down the five ﬂights of
stairs and nearly collapsed at the bottom.
It was difficult to breath and impossible
to think. She wandered over to a lighted
area. To her left. she spotted a crowd of
people coming out of a church. It must be
bingo night. she thought. For a second
she was afraid the strange old man would

be there: but then she remembered he was
miles and miles away. She turned to the
right anyway. and soon found a small
coffee shop.

Once inside. she bought a pack of
cigarettes. sat down at the counter and
ordered coffee. She wondered how late it
would stay open. She wondered where
she would go. She thought of Paul who
was probably still sitting in his chair.
waiting for her to come home. A man sat
down in the second scat away from her.
He was about her age. Glancing at his
hands. she saw that they were ringlcss.
She remembered the state of her own
hands and slipped the two identifying
rings into her coat pocket.

She lit a cigarette. The waitress pushed
an ashtray over to her. The man lit a
cigarette. Marge pushed the ashtray
between them. After he shook offthe first
ashes. he pushed it a little tnore to her
side. The waitress came by. picked it up
and deposited it beside Marge. Margeslid
it across the counter to the middle of the
empty seat.

“It‘s like being married." she said. He
laughed. stubbed ottt his cigarette and
pushed the ashtray nearer to her.

Honesty is the best policy. she decided.
And in her head she began to rehearse: I
left my husband because heturncdiuto a
spliinx. Every day I would walk down the
t'oad to Thebes. He would stop me and
ask me the answer to a riddle. I would
answer rightly. so I would be allowed to
kill him and pass on. But instead. I would
just circle back and we would try out
another riddle. A tragedy turned
melodrama: I could never slay ltim and he
could never slay me. And so I left. llut no.
she thougt. to be honest. George had
guessed rightly: she had lost the last
shameful. trivial round.

She smiled. and as be lit another
cigarette. she pushed the ashtrayjust a bit

 

 

closer to him.
.J

PAGE 5A

 

 

' gages. .. 

 

 

1
i2

