 
   

 

dﬂrﬁnrm 4.1»... V

:. qrtgtrmwmmmn.

 

   

' V womoinginconmion with cam-

;.wxsrtr‘it‘oros 1 on») Special

 murmur-«mucus- Ruff

toda 'Ieared‘President Ford of any

. paign finances in his home county

‘ while he was in Congress.

,4

 

“The matter has now been closed.
and counsel for thePresident has
been so advised,” Ruff said in a two-
pagc statement issued to reporters.

Ruff said FBI Director Clarence
M. Kelley on July I3 alerted the
Justice Department to “information
concerning alleged misuse of

political contributions" by Ford dur- .

ing the period from I964 to early
I974. '

That information “conceer a
previously unreported allegation
that political contributiorts from cer-
tain named unions had been
transmitted to political committees
in Kent County, Mich. with the un-
derstanding that they would be pass-
ed on to Mr. Ford for his personal
use,” the statement said.

Ruff Identllcstion

Ruff identified the source on the
allegation only as “an individual
who had recently become aware of
the underlying information.”

He'said the individual took the
allegation to an FBI agent.

Ruff described the investigation
conducted by his ofﬁce and the FBI
and said, “The evidence developed
during this investigation was not
corroborative of the allegation on
which it was predicated."

He continued, "Nor did evidence
disclosed during the inquiry into that
allegation give reason to believe that

ASP Cuts Loose

continued from page one
ears, estimates “we're approximately
ten to 20 per cent above last year's ad
income. On paper. we‘re about $2.—
000 in the black for September.“
The ASP‘s contribution to the
Bicentennial gaiety did not end with
a mere display of revolutionary fer-
vor. While the paper has quintuplcd
its revenues. it has also doubled from
two to four the number of ofﬁces it
uses. Among the Campus Center
rooms tojoin the red-and-white 326
was the neighboring 329. Deckcd out
— ofcourse — in all-American blue.

 
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 

  

' .‘ssy, at... violstloas of law had oc-
cta'atl " '

’tlle also said the individual who

made the'sllegation had “no ap-
parent motive. . .to fabricate.”

The statement said Ruff went into
theesse at the request of Atty. Gen.
Edward H. Levi.

The special prosecution force and
the FBI “examined various public
documents reﬂecting contributions
made by the unions as well as those
received by Mr. Ford or committees
acting on his behalf.”

It had been reported previously
' that the investigation focused on

contribution from the Marine
Engineers Beneficial Association
and the Seafarers International Unu
ton.

Chairman Delighted

In Grand Rapids, Mich.. Robert
Eleveld. Republican chairman of
Ford's old congressional district,
said: “I'm so delighted with that."
when informed that the-investigation
had been closed.

Eleveld said he learned about the
move from Republican attorney
Stephen Bransdorfer, who was in
Washington talking with Ruff about
the investigation.

Nobel Prizes Go To U.S.

STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) Two
American medical researchers and
an American economist were named
yesterday as winners of I976 Nobel
Prizes in medicine and economics.

The Swedish Royal Academy of
Science awarded the economics
prize to Milton Friedman of the Un-
iversity of Chicago, dean of
American conservative economists.
The 64-year-old native of Brooklyn
also writes a weekly column for
Newsweek magazine.

The Royal Caroline Institute an-
nounced that the medicine prize was
awarded to Prof. Baruch S.
Blumberg of the University of Penn-
sylvania Medical School and Prof.
D. Carleton Gajdusek of the
National eases at Bethesda, Md.,
"for their discoveries concerning
new mechanisms for the origin and
dissemination of infectious dis-
eases."

Friedman was honored “for his
achievements in the fields of con-
sumption analysis, monetary history

and theory and for his demonstra-
tion of the complexity of stabiliza-
tion policy,” the Swedish Royal
Academy of Science said.

Friedman is perhaps the foremost
American exponent of the
monetarist school of economies,
which maintains that the economic
cycle is determined more by money
supply and interest rates than by
ﬁscal policy. His philosophy is
generally associated with a ‘Iaissez-
faire' or hands-off policyin regard to
business and trade.

Vlrm Detection

Blumberg, a graduate of Colum-
bia University, has been professor of
medical genetics at the Institute for
Cancer Research of the University of
Pennsylvania since I970. The Royal
Caroline Institute said Blumberg
was honored in part for his discovery
of a protein related to a virus that
causes hepatitis. The discovery led to
a test that is now widely used to
detect the presence of hepatitis of
potential blood donors.

Israel Gets Special Guns

WASHINGTON (AP) President
Ford's decision to supply Isreal with
a major new infrared night-fighting
syste.1 collides with long-standing
oposition bv U.S. military men who
contend such advanced technology
should be withheld from other coun-

 

 

 

Just Arrived...
10,000 discontinued

CARPET

25¢

Make a colorful rug costing only...

EA PET
REM NT EB.
40 Fdlu Road (2 blocks from Calorie Center)
“9 - l234 Dlil bSdt. "-930; Sun. I2-5

 

SAMPLES

Every Color dc Texture,
Hundreds of Uses -

Car Mats, Door Mats or

o‘x 9' onIyS 8
9‘x 9‘ onIyS I6
IZ‘ x IZ' only$22
12' it IS' onlys 27

 

tries.

In this case. it appears that only a
few senior Pentagon ofﬁcials knew
in advance that approval would be
given to sell the lsrcttlis the system.
which still is under development. It
was not known whether Gen. George
S. Brown, chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff, or any other
members of the JCS were consulted
beforehand.

American military men are cs-
pccinlly anxious to safeguard
technology that they believe gives
the United States a head start of fch
to ten years over the Soviet Union.

The FLlR acronym for Forward-
Looking Infrared system promised
to Israel falls in this category.
sources said.

FLIR uses heat-sensitive infrared
sensors instead of radar to detect
targets in the dark. Pilots of F4 and
Fill fighter-bombers will use it,
togethcr'with laser-guided bombs
and missiles. against tanks. hunkcrs.
enemy aircraft ttnd other targets.

One specialist. calling FLIR
“spectacular.” said tttrgct images
shown on a screen in a plane's
cockpit are as clcttrly visible as in
daylight.

Unlike radar, such heat—sensing
devices arcjam-proof. Infrared sen-
sors also are impervious to in-
terference from dust clouds, such as
might bestirred up indcsert warfare.

 

On Sale Now!
ASP T-shlrts
See Store or Spence-CC 329

 

 

 

     
  

   
    
    
    

    

Syrlan Troops Attack Palestlnlan Lettlsts

BEIRUT, Lebanon AP Thousands of armor-led Syrian troops sttmttshcd
through Palestinian lines and advanced on Beirut and the southern port or
Sidon on Thursday. intent on dealing a final blow to the Palestinian-leftist
alliance and ending the Lebanese civil war. Syrian military sources said their
forces drove guerrilla fighters from their mountain stronghold of llhumdoun,
12 miles east of Beirut, and turned their tank and artillery attack on Alcy, two
miles to the west along the crucial Damascus-Beirut highway. i’nlcslinlgn
spokesmen refused to concede the loss of Bhamdoun. but guerrillas and their
leftist allies were seen retreating toward Aley.

U.S. Cargo Jet Crash KIIIs 100 In Bolivia

SANTA CRUZ, Bolivia (AP) Bolivia began three days of national mourning
today for more than mo of its people killed when a chartered American cargo
jet plowed through a street crowd and into a group of young soccer players at
practice. The three American crewmen of the Boeing 707 were also klllcd, at
least 100 Bolivians were hospitalized, a government spokesman said. “and
there are injured who are hovering between life and death.“ He stud tn term
half the victims were children. The spokesman reported 84 bodies. including
those of the Americans, had been identiﬁed. Officials said it was the worst
aviation disaster in Bolivia’s history. President Hugo Banzcr flew to Sun“.
Cruz, 350 miles southeast of La Paz. ordered three days of national mout ning
and said he would lead the funeral procession Thursday morning,

Sovlet Unlon Launches Second Spacecraft
MOSCOW (AP) The Soviet Union launched a Soyuz 23. launchcd three
weeks after the successful return of another manned craft, was carrying pllttl
Vyucheslav Zudov and flight engineer Valery Rozhdestvensky. tltc tilllctlll
news agency said. The Tass report said the cosmonauts will ztttcm pt to board
the orbiting Salyut 5 research station, which housed its first two-mun crcu
for 48 days last summer. Soyuz 23 blasted off from Baikonur spucc ccntcr III
central Kazakhstan some l,500milett southeast ofMoscowut [:40 pm I I) l.
Tass said. It was a nighttime launch there.

Chinese Communist Party Convenes In Peking
TOKYO (AI’) Leaders ofthe Chinese Communist pttrtyarc belicvcd lllt’t'lllly
in l’cking to back up Premier Hurt Kuofcng‘s purge of radical pitll} |t'.u|~:r\
and perhaps to prepare the formal announccmcnt of his clctnnnn In
chairman of the party, Japanese press reports from the (‘hincsc cnpml marl
todtty. Kyodo news agency reported tqu scores of limousines \\'L'It' Pilllt'ti
Wednesday night til the Grcttt Iiull'ofthe People. [he (‘Itinelsc ptlrly \ct-mml
mccting hall. The report sttid traffic control in the area was strcugt lrt- llr'tl .r ml
that police were patrolling adjacent strccts. There was speculation tlm llu.t
had called the Communist party Central Committee togcthcr lt' L'lltl-rlxs ho
reported arrest last weekend of Chittng Ching, Mao 'l'sc-ttmg's illt'llldlltl
widow, and some 30 other leading pttrty radicals.

Carter Urges Alliance with Party Members
WASHINGTON (AP) Learning from Sen. George McGovcru’s lttlltttt‘~. l-nu
years ago. Jimmy Carter is trying to forge an ttllittncc of corrtt-tucntc win
Democratic party regulars in almost every pftrl ofthe country A \lll‘-t\ wl
party leaders in 30 states shows that while ('urtcr‘s cumpuigu ttltldllt/JIWH
runs on its own stetun. there also is close cooperation wrtb stntr .tltll 1m .tl
Democratic organizations. California and New Jcrsc) luv H“ “'
exceptions to this rule. In Florida. Democratic cxcctnivc fillt'tlvtl has
l‘ttrmcr said there is unprecedented ttnity. "For the first time in .I put .u mm
ycurs. the presidential campuign ofth Dcmocrutic nommcc IS llctllt‘ on. In
the party or in coordination with the party in tt grcut runny pm Is III in v if "
he said. “That simply didn’t exist in [972" when mum rcputnr pm.
organizations failed to sttpprt McGovern after he won thc “muonmur. lu
going ttround the party regulars.

Flu Vaccine Reported Blameless in Deaths

WASHINGTON (AP) Swinc flu clinics in several areas lL'tlpi'lH Al N“
l'ltursduy. as l’rcsidcnt Ford and his family got thcirshots untl lt'tlcml tr. .mlr
officials stressed again that there is no connection between the run tllt .tml
deaths among elderly persons. Ford and his family were vuccmtttcd .u tllt‘
White House, giving a boost to the troubled immunirution pmt‘I-H“ """
bogged down after 'l'uesduy's announcement that three cldcr’l) l'tllylltllglil
residents died following inoculations at a local clinic. /\t MIC l“'””
'Wedncsday, nine stttte bud suspended their inoculation pt‘utlllll'“ “‘
Thursday afternoon. clinics had been reopened or were prcptu'ud In Il'ttlm'
shortly in all but thrcc states. Locnlund county suspensions ulsowctc v-twtl

Northeast Requests Access to 00 Pipeline
ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) A group ofstate legislative leaders from IIUIHW‘N“ ”
states has called on President Ford to make Alaska pipeline oil uvullzll‘l“ “‘
the energy-poor Northeast. The Alaskan oil was originttlly ticketed fut “N
Coast states. but an impending oil surplus there and California‘s tthL'Ci""'
because of potential pollution problems, has raised the prosl’cCl '1‘“ my "1]
mtBht be sold overseas. The Northeastern legislative Energy l'l“|""“‘
executive committee on Wednesday urged Ford and thc l‘l'dt'ml ""“gy
Admlrustration to insure that "any Alaskan oil surplus will not hc dot-null
from the Northeast to a foreign nation." Signing the resolution were lczllll'”
of both houses of the legislature in Maine. Massachusetts. New IIrnnpshUU'
New Jersey. Connecticut, Rhode Island,and the leader of 0"" Wm" ‘" New
York. Pennsylvania and Delaware.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT panes

..s_..,_._-oweeu._~.wu- - - ‘. . .‘A...

 

#

OCTOBER 15. 1976

 

 

a...” ...............—....‘ W7C

 

by Jonathan Levenson

A rash of false alarms struck the
SUNYA campus this week. hitting
buildings on the podium, several
quads, and the gym.'Since last Satur-
day. 14 false fire alarms and 2 bomb
threats have been reported.

No Arrests So Far

Assistant Director of Public Safe-
ty John i’iclligilllll said that there
have been no :trrcsts so far. but that
there is an investigation. following
several leads. under way.

“The setting of u ilIISC alarm is a
crime.“ said chighun, and is
lcchnicttlly “the false reporting of an
incident. This is a Class A Mis-
dcmcttnor. and ifthc person respon-
sible is found. . .wc arrest.“

I-lcnighttn added that there were
ttbout 60 false alarms sct oncttmpus
annually some by residents. others

 

Robert Shirley. asslstant to President Flelds. will review all written
responses from the unlverslty communlty to the mlsston statement.

False Alarms Plague SUNYA

5! non-students
Hentghan satd that he assumed

most of the false alarms set off inthe
dorms were pulled by residents. He
stated that these incidents were un-
related to the fires started in the
bathrooms of the Physical Educa-
tion Building October 4.

Viewed As Isolated

Two suspects have been identified
in-thut incident. Both are 15 years
old tutti from the local urett.

A fire alarm in Eastman Tower.
4:30 last Saturday morning was the
first reported in the recent series of
lulsc fire culls.

Three days earlier. it phone call
had been rcccivcd at the Campus
Center Information Desk at 6:30
pm.
The caller. who had a male voice
claimed that at 7:30 a bomb would

Itovd

explode in the Humanities Building.
That building was evacuated and
searched by six university police who
did not find a bomb.

Three of the false fire alarms were
set offon the podium within atwenty
minute period. early Wednesday
evening. A few minutes later.
another one was pulled in the gym.
Another alarm was set in the Lecture
Center complex ttn hour and forty
minutes later.

Bomb in Rathskeller

Yesterday afternoon, the Campus
Center had to be evacuated and
scttrchcti. after a caller told on Infor-
mation Ilcsk employee “There's a
botttb in the Rttthskcllcr," then hung
up. The caller was “a female who
spoke in u very firm voice." uccor—
ding to the Desk cmploycc.

 
 
        

        
    
     
     
    
  
  
     
     
    
   
    
   

Many of these llttle red boxes on campus have had thelr handles
pulled this week In a series of false alarms.

Survey Sees Humanities Hurting

by Paul Rosenthal

A survey conducted by the Corn-
mittcc of Concerned Faculty in-
dicates instructors in the H umunitics
feel they will suffer most directly
from President Emmett Hclds‘ Mis-
sion Statement.

The tnuilcd questionnaire was
developed by Paul Meadows of
Sociology. According to Meadows,
copics were distributcd to ttll
mcmbcrs of SUNYA‘s faculty.

At Monday‘s University Scnulc
hearing. Mcudows \thl‘llcti that the
results of the survey were “not
representative." He received scvcn-
lecn responses.

'lhc survey CUIISlSlh of scvcn
questions, five of which tu'c tlircctly
related to tho Mission.

Mcudows stud since the I'csults
were somewhat limttcd. ltc simply
compiled thc received answers.
licsponscs wcrc dtvtdcd into luculty

New Shacks Up at Dippikill

by Steve Iirnckctl

lwo new additions wtll soon be
opened for studcnt use at (‘mrtp
Dippikill. according to Rick Nclson.
thc camp's Illitllllgcl‘.

"ilccttusc of the I ncrcusing number
of sttttlculs ttnd the hood to IICL‘tIllI-
Inodtttc morc."~.mtl \clson."t\\‘o tttl-
dtttouttl cuhtns \trll bc opcncd [his
_\c:u "

One. .’I t\\c|\c by \txlccn fool log
culnn “Ill be opcncd by December.
lili' second. it tucttty-lotlt by thirty-
\I\ toot rustic lodgc. wtll hc comv
plctcd mtuctunc ttt‘ound March or
Apttl lIIIS \\‘Iil L‘tlllllllll u ltrcplttcc.
Il\c rooms. fotu' scput ttlc bcdr ooms,
tttttl \\t|l lutvc tooth enough lot' ctghl
pcnplc.

845 Acres

lloth cubtns wtll be Ioctttcd \VIthin
Crimp Dippikill. which Is 70 miles
north of Albany. I he cttmp ts IIII K45-
ucrc nootlcd I'CL‘I'L'iliItIII ttrctt. three
times thc site of tltc SUNYA cum-
pus. ()wncd and opct tttcd by I lie Slu-
dcnt Association, If is open to ttli
\ttttlctlls tut-nlty. Sillll ttntlulumni.

According to \clsou. tltc cost of
thc lth culnns \\ Ill be about $29,500.
lltc ('urup Iltpptktll (iovcrning
Ilum'tl. ol winch u tntuortly are
students. is financing thc project
from tttc L'ttlllp's fund. \\‘IIll the up-
provttl ol llIL' Student Association.

lhc L‘Ilhlllh. which were designed
by the ('urnp Dippikill tiovcrtting
llotud. were started last July. ('ttrl
Schodcn.tt I975SUNYAgt'ttdttnlcls
building them with the assistance of

OCTOBER. 15, 1976

y ..t

 

(it'uchordttn. at former SUN YA st u-
dcnt. untl (ittt‘y Mttllow. u junior
hct'c. lhc two students werc selected
from u numbcr of students through

. .,
y... .

Camp Dlpplldll will soon have facilities tor more students. Two new

'l'hcy wot‘kcd duin
throughout the summer. l'ltc
amount of then pity for this project
was not disclosed.

interviews.

 

cablns are under construetton and wlll be ready by December.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

3 u' " ir'r‘tl-tﬁtl‘ t_ :‘ ‘rj It Alt: .

from I'illliltlllilics. Social Sciences.
Nut urul Sciences and Math. and the
professional schools.

In describing what impact the
Mission‘s “public policy image" bad
on their dcpurtmcnt‘s national
reputation, professors from the
Humanities division responded in
very negative terms.

Laughing Stock

()nc instructor said that the image
would “probably mukc tts u laughing
stock.“ Anot hct' instructor said. “It‘s
at pity because we I‘L'tlli)’ \vcrc begin-
ning to httvc it rather rcspcctublc
‘nnliottul rcputturon' iii the dis-
cipline.“ All tltc responses were
anonymous.

The results were forwarded to
Assistant to lhc l’t'csident Robert
Slut'lcy. llc tcrtncd the survey "part
of u larger process" of rcvicwing
lcctlhttck on l‘iclds' Mission Struc-
mcnt.

Slut‘lcy uddcd than all rcuction Will
be turned over to thc Senate‘s
lzducuttonul l’ollctcs Council. lltc

Council will advise Fields and
Shirley us to how the Statement
might be revised.

Survey May Lack

Shirley commented that the sur-
vcy might be tucking tncertttin areas.
He noted, “thcrc w as no expression
ol \vhut population was used or how
the sample was selected.“

More pt)SIll\c reaction in the
study was received front an instruc-
tor m Natural Sciences and Math.
She said "I think the ‘public policy‘
slttnt ts n statement of hope." A
Socntl Sciences profcssor noted. "It
seems to me that tltc faculty mttst be
the group tnsuy u lch her or not these
gottls tu'c tlcsirtthlc. and it is certainly
up to the faculty to devise effective
strntcgtcs for ttnplctncnting such
goals.“ lhc Committee of Concern-
ctl l‘ttcullysnid in the introduction to
thc LIIIL‘SiItIIIIIiIII‘U. “This survey is hc-
tng conducted because. as far as we
know. no one clsc is conducting
one." Shirley said it is the only such
questionnaire that has reached him.

Community-University
Publicity Costs $1800

by Diane Wcintruub

lhc SUNYA ()ll‘icc ol ilttiyct'sity
AIIZIII’S iIilS allocated upproxtmmcly
Sltlflf) tor publicity concerning this
year's ('ommuluty-University lluy.

According to the Assistant Vicc
President of University Affairs
Sut'rcll Chi-sin. thct'c has been at $200
reduction in the (‘-U Day bttdgct
from lust year.

Since thc first unnqu C-lJ Day in
W72. there has been at budget reduc-
tion of $1200.

I hrs $1800 breaks down into
$l500 for advertising and $300 for
printing.

the $l500 dcstgntttcd for ttdver-
tistng costs is divided equally
amongst radio. television, and
newspaper covcrugc.

l’t‘tnting costs Include pamphlets.
bus signs and programs listing lllc
events being offered.

('hcstn explained that the money
hctttg ulloctttcd is now coming front
the State. He clttbot'nlcd.“ln I972 C-
U Uny was sponsored solely by the
SIJNYA Foundation. No state
money was allocated at the time." lie
stud tltnt dtte to dwindling funds and
diverse interests. the foundation is
now underwriting other programs.

The SUNYA Foundation consists
of prominent members of the com-

mttntty who urc Interested in main-
ttuntng close rcltttions between the
l'ntvcrsity and the community.

lhc Office of University Affairs,
which is responsible for the Sttttc
allocations. sponsors various
cultural events throughout the
ttcrttlcmic ycttr.

Acting Vlcc President of Business
and l’inrmcc John I'ltu‘ttgun. claims
that “(‘-IJ Day is n mujor benefit for
the community It is it judicious use
of moncv."

I’ubllclty Sufﬁcient

llc continued to say llllll though
tltc ptthlicity ts sufficient. there are
not enough people in the University
community who extend personal in-
vitations to those outside the univer-
sity. llttrttgttn fccls that the Universi-
ty ts viewed by the cotntnttnity us
being tsolutcd from it.

Central Council member Ellen
Dctttschmun. though agreeing with
the public relations theory of C-U
Day. Itnds futtlt with the finances in-
volved to achieve it. She
clutms."Although the function of C-
U l)ay ts II well-itnctttioncd concept,
it doesn't really sccm to be in the in‘
forests of students and student
dollars to invest in a public relations
effort that just conforms tothc larger
system.“

PAGE THREE,

In.” t» or av : t}

 

 

