WAS

.1 “A ,‘M W\_.. .%

   

. . N». r»
. ., my“ _ u...\....v~ x~.A»n..r-J--~

s..-“ S.
«.m.« -

WW

\—\_~._-__.‘-_—-._ . . A

- -_, .sgx».

A"-.. .

m4.w.ﬂ ,. N ...

 

 

so the ma: « _ ' ‘
"As an alumna of State University. a teacher.

' and a humanitarian who has-been working for
‘ humane legislation in New York State. I am

directing a urgent appeal to all State students
who have pets. either cats or dogs. to have
them spayed of neutered to cut down on
animal population. For students. it is un-
derstandable that there should be some help in
paying the fee. The veterinarians of the area
have grouped together to forin the Hudson
Valley Veterinary Medical Association for
tltis purpose. and a call to any veterinarian's
office for an application for a reducedfee. will
supply the needed reduction for any student
who cannot afford a full fee.

The Friends of Animals also gives help. and
the Mohawk-Hudson Humane society in
Menands. or the Animal Shelter in Schenec-
tady has the address of the representative of
that group.

Humane organizations in the area are also
concerned for the plight of any pet who is left
after an apartment is vacated. Either inthe city
or the country. no domesticated animal is able
to take care of itself. and the people of the area
are also not too helpful towards any stray
which is left behind. Each year. the plight of
abandoned animals increases. so if a‘ pet can-
not be taken along to a new home, please.
please. do not adopt in the first place. Ift'for a
pet. no new home can be found. either by
advertising or by word of mouth. please see at
least that it is not abandoned. The plight of
such an animal is death by starvation. disease.
accident. or attack from other animals. ’

State University students gave always been
involved in helping the community in which
they are going to school. They have been most
generous with their efforts to help any good
cause. Please. in the name of humanitypgive .-
support to this humane movement which,.
animal organizations everywhere are ﬁghting
for. The animals must be helped. They cannot
speak for themselves. although everyone
should realize their worth as friends of
mankind.

Lorna .I. Drowne

charting a
middle course

To the Editor:

With cveryone‘s recent attention being
focused on budget cutbacks and risingtuition.
room. and board costs. it may have gone un-
noticed that two cxcellent professors have
been denied tenure. Who these professors are
is not nearly as important as why they were
denied tenure. As students we all have had
poor professors and no matter how brilliant
these professors may have been. they could
not teach a single concept. Therefore. the
value of a professor who can teach well is evi-
dent; however. how evident is it to the ad-
ministration ofthis university. and specifically
President Fields? I'm sure you‘ve all asked
yourself when being bored to death by a
professor. "How in the world did this
professor ever get tenure?“ Do you know the
criteria for tenure? Perhaps now it‘s time you
found out.

The criteria supposedly used by the Com-
mittee on Promotions and Continuing Ap-
pointments. which acts as an advisory board
to President Fields. is the following: outstan-
ding scholarship. a recognized leader or an
emerging leader in his field, and teaching
capability. Unfortunately. as is the case with
the two professors denied tenure. they can be
marvelous teachers. but because they fail to
satisfy in full one of the other two criterion
they will be denied tenure. As students We raise
the very serious question of which criterion
should act as the crux in tenure decisions. We
realize this university must and should main-
tain a certain level of excellence among its
faculty; that besides being a center of learning,
it should be a center of research as well. We
ask what is the preiec students must pay for

PAGE EIGHT

vs "ORV",

of this ; university must always be to its
stlldﬁntl. for students ‘are reason for the ex-
istence of this university or for that matter any
other institution of learning and education.

Therefore, as students. we must insist that a
middle course must be found. _A course where
neither the quality of teaching or the high stan-
dards this university maintains will be sacrific-
ed to any great extent. It is then uptostudents
to bring to the attention of the administration
and President Fields that this middlecoursc be
found. and that. students must no longer
tolerate any further sacrifices in the quality of
teaching ' .
Richard Prentinger

no confidence

To the Eater:

We members of the Undergraduate
Political Science Association as a part of the
student body of the University at Albany. feel
that the administration has shown a distinct
lack of regard for our interests.

The administration‘s disregard for the
quality of education at the University at
Albany and the lack of consideration of
teaching ability in the tenure review process
appalls us.

.We cite as two examples the denials of
tenure to Clifford Brown and Jonathan
Knight. both of the Political Science depart-
ment. Both professors have established
reputations of outstanding scholarship and
teaching ability within the deaprtment. They
have not only personally provided the impetus
for many students to continue in the field but
have g'ven many of us the impression that it is
possible to receive a good education at this in-
stitution. I . g
.t.will?aromathetlbrtoaliiiesnitration

President Fields‘ concitistons conccrmngthese
profés'stirs' credentials as “scholars and
national leaders." we do feel that we are best
qualified to evaluate their teaching ability.

President Fields has stated his intention to
develop a university of national stature and
excellence. We agree that this is an admirable

goal. However. we do not feel that this goal
will be readily attained by the arbitrary and
capricious denial of tenure to professors well
respected by both their students and their
collegues. Both Professor Brown and
Professor Knight received overwhelming sup-
port from both these sources. Whatever plan
President Fields had in mind in his quest to
create a university composed of "scholars and
national leaders" we do not believe that the
forsaking of excellence in educationshould be
an element of this plan.

Even more important thanthe specificcases
of Professors Brown and Knight isthe blatant-
ly unjust method of tenure reviewemployed at
this university. Similar outrage has been per-
sistantly expressed by students and faculty in
other departments of this university.

On this basis we the Undergraduate
Political Science Association has unanimous~
ly voted no confidence in the administration.

Susan Stiller

Jay Postel

Liason Committee. Undergraduate Political
Science Association

untrue stereotype

To the Mtor:

As entering freshmen at Albany State. if
someone had asked us to attend a Feminist
Alliance meeting. we would have been shock-
ed. 'l'here is astereotype that exists among
many people. not only freshmen. that this
organization is made up of only Lesbiansmnd
radical women who have nothing better to do
with their time but to outdo men. Upon atten-
ding a meeting of the Feminist Alliance. we
found this stereotype to be untrue. What these
women are involved with are issues and
problems that concern all women. They deal

in _ recent
weeks they hive beenyery inon _ _
School ofNursing's‘difl‘leultiea' ‘ ’

the problems facing the "at
vaﬂiﬂlt.‘ - ' - ; r 
We hope that by writing this letterjwe van
help put‘ an end to the sterotype. a‘nd’en-
courage people to open their ntinds to what
the Feminist Alliance really is.
' ‘ . Deborah Rasltln
Michele Iiirnbaum

 
   

/ phonothoning'

To the Etltor:

This ‘years Annual Fund phonothon is
rapidly 'approaehingimerthe pastfour years
students, faculty‘ and Alumni have joined
together to raise money for the SUNYA An-
nual Fund. Needless to say. the university is
goingthrough a most crucial period and funds
are desperately needed. Money raised during
the phonothon is used to reinforce those ac-
tivities handicapped by reduced state ap-
propriations as well as to lend support to the
Library Development Fund and the Talented
Student Scholarship Fund.

The phonothon will tkc place March 29thto
April lst and from April 5th to April 8th.
Volunteers are needed to make phone calls to
alumni and friends of the university to solicit
donations. Volunteers receive a free dinner on
the night they work.

If you and your group would be interested
in helping the university by donating several
hours to the Alumni Phonothon. please con—
tact Betsy Eves (7-8977) or Howie Grossman
(7-5024).

We hope to be hearing from you soon.

Betsy Eves
Howie Grossman
Student Co-Chairman for Phonothon

tote  

* loitering?

Tothe  I .
Rick McGurn is aloeal artist with a

. problem. This is his story:

Mr. McGurn was sitting and drawing in the
SUNYA library on Monday March 22 at 8:30
p.m. He was asked to come to Campus
Security headquarters for questioning. At the
Security ofﬁce. he was informed of a com-
plaint by a female student. She had complain—
ed of an incident of public exposure ~
ﬂashing Mr. McGurn denied involvement in
any such incident. No complainant was
brought forth. Mr. McGurn was not per-
ntitted to confront his accuser.

Mr; McGurn. whois not a SUN YAstudent.
explained that he had been in the library
waiting for his girlfriend. who is a SUNYA
student. He told the security ofﬁcer that
several people who were seated near him inthc
library could vouch for him. They could tell
the security ofﬁcer that he had not been ex-
posing himself. but merely sitting and draw-
ing. The security ofﬁcer refuses to check his
story.

After speaking with McGurn for sometime;
the security officer decided to charge him with

 
   
 
 

_ trespassing. Rick McGurn was charged with

trespassingintheSUNYAlibrary.duringnor-
mal business hours. The SUNYA library is
generally considered public property. Many
non-students use this library frequently for
research and other purposes.

Rick McGurn was arraigned at Albany
Police Court on Thursday March 25. Judge
Thomas Keegan appointed him a public
defender. The judge adjourned the cast: for
one week.until Thursday April I. “so the Dis-
trict Attorney will have an opportunity to
speak with the arresting officer.“

Mr. McGurn is now in the hands of Albany
justice. without adeuqate funds for a lawyer
and defense. this can be quite a problem.

Laurie Ebncr

 

 

PRESIDENTIAL HOPEFUI.S

The most remarkable feature ofthe election
so far is the mounting strength of Jimmy
Carter. . . . It is too early to judge his
evidently subtle politicalcharacter. But we can
make a beginning . . . . He will not pledge
himself on this or that issue, to this or that
policy. but perhaps his absence of pledges
should recall the famous lines about Lloyd
George: “Count not his broken pledges as a
crime/ He meant them. how he meantthemat
the time.“

-—chry FairlienTlrc Spectator. London.
England (conservative)

Mr. Carter. . . has done much bettcrtban

most people expected. But Sen. Jackson is a

man of greater political substance. His draw-

back has been his reputation as a personality

of quite astonishing dullness.“

—The Times. London. Etrgland
(independent)

Udall prefers to call himself a “progressive”
rather than a “liberal because. . .Iiberal is no
longer politically saleable." It is an emotion-
charged word which carried too much excess
political ballast. . . it sank McGovern‘s ship
in I972. McGovern's recent visits to Havana
and Hanoi are the kind of ballast Udall wants
to avoid.
~chry Brandon. The Sunday Times. Lon-
don. England (independent).

In the complex group dynantics of the
American presidential primaries the con-
tenders are often tested. not against their
rivals. but against the challenges they set for
themselves. . . Mr. Reagan. . . runs as the
candidate of ﬂash and glamour who bounces
around the campaign circuit in the role of
America's only teenaged senior citizen. [He]
must keep up his momentum or quietly fade
away.

—— he Globe and Mail. Toronto. Cohoda
(independent).

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Overseas Opinion

The leakage to Mr. Reagan is not good ncru
for Mr. Ford. Igsuggcsts that Republican rec-
titudt: is still affrontcd by Watergate and.
helped by Mr. Nixon‘s barnslorming in the
Ticnmien Square. by Mr. Ford‘s portion to lllS
predecessor. It suggests that fills nonelcctcd
President carries nothing like the illlllltll’ll). i‘.‘
defender of the status quo. of Mr. Nixon Ill
I972 or Mr. Eisenhower in I956. ll
suggests. . . Mr. Ford‘s tactical difficulties Ill
finding anidcntity. . . After all Mr. lkcttgilll'x
mainthemcs(Gowrnmcnt is the problem. not
the solution) used to be those of plain (‘on-
gressman Ford.

A Sydney Morning llcrnlrl. Australia
(conservatith

ARMS T0 EGYPT
The American willingness to sell arms to
Egypt is the consequence of Egypt's sound
strategy and its resistance to fanatical cam-
paigns that would help Israel‘s sup-
porters. . . .The U.S. will increase its finan-
cial aid to Egypt next year and adhere to its
secret pledges to continue efforts for a Middle
East settlement.
———al-Altrom. Cairo. Egypt (semiofficial)

Israel is protesting to Washington. pointing
out that Egypt also buys arms from England
and France. . . .And there is an immense
flow of arms to Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.

~Ma'ariv. Tel Aviv. Israel (independent)

In the struggle for spheres ofinfluencc in the
Middle East. the Americans appear to have
won around. But asthe U.S. well knows.therc
can be no enduring solution of the Arulrlsrali
conflict without the participation of the
U.S.S.R
—Koltlncr Stadt-Anzeiger. Cologne. Ger—

many (independent)

9 I976 Atlas World Press Rt'l'lt'lt'

APRIL 2, 1976

 

 

 

, esiriterests weaken and the individual'sﬁri W l   . .

i r i. ' Bht to nvac .

lyinvastortlncreasesand the prognmi. m.“ Mummy "up" congzzwsoas‘the .

. rights ozercome the state’s inure“... p m a.

New Jersey. Supreme Court union that Karen Am“, Quinlan m _ t ‘
“Mme”, "ma"! “'ha’l‘l“ agree there is no reasonable Porzibiltftfiiﬂtfrzodt: M

L ' - ‘ ry.

 ' seer one
1 it? tailors 
AND

if .
which thegl

tr

  
 

NOTREALLYA ‘
w quoglletlm one.

A m Acting For Act

warm torn moi-Tom

\\ ‘

 

Superstar Senators

Over the last decade or two a new breed of
senator has emerged --the TV superstar. Thc
role is generally played under TV i'loodlights
during the course of a committee hearing.
Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin became the
first senator of this breed when he held his
anti-communist vendetta on national televi-
sion. In the ‘60s former chairman of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee J.W.
Fulbright of Arkansas came to prominence
when he held hearings on the Vietnam War".
and the Watergate hearings brought Ierin.
Baker. ’l'ztlmadgc. Wcickcr and the like to the
forefront. The superstar of‘76 has to be I‘rttnk
Church. the senior senator from Idaho.

Over the course of the last year Senator
Church. up till recently chairman of the
Senate Intelligence Committee. received more
and more media coverage due to his in-
lelligcnce committee‘s investigations. fly the
belimiting of this year his reputation had
grown from one of modeston one of signifi—
cant prominence.

Whether this prominence of his is vicucd
negalrvcly or positively depends on the people
you‘re talking to. Some people think his in—
I'L'sllganon ol‘ the intelligence community was
l‘fnii ovcrduc. Others feel that he overstepped
hls'hounds and virtually cmusculated thc in-
telligence agencies of this country. making
them no longer effective. 'l'hcsc opponents feel
that ‘by washing so much of the CI A‘s litrcn in
Public much more harm than good was done
to the very democracy that Church. and
others. are trying to preserve.

'When the work of the intelligence com-
mrttee finally came to a close last month the
Idaho senator. in till his modesty. sought in
someway to aggrrtndizc further the power and
Prestige be lrrtd acquired over the last year.
:0! satisfied enough with his new stature as a
hienateVsuperstar Ire saw fit to announce
’ msell as a candidate for President ofthe Un-
tied States.
boFIthk‘ Church. like any other American

l- to the right to run for President of the

' hy David Troeger:

United States. and he shouldn't be blocked-

from trying to achieve that goal if he has the
kno\\lcdgc and capability for such a job.

What l\ distressing and irritatingtn Senator
Church‘s case. though. is that he is not t’.\'-
[Illt‘t't/t’ using as tr springboard for his can-
dlduc) his 20 years experience in the Senate.
and as a particular example. his expertise in
foreign pttllC). Rather his FTP/It'll springboard
in his rcccnt chairmanship of the Senate In-
telligence (‘ommrtlcc ulnclr yielded him that
great amount of rncdrn cotctztgc and subse-
qucnt promrncncc. lhrs ls dcsplt‘ilhlt‘ because
\lllill one lirsl sensed us a stltcctc outcry of
moral tndignulton on Senator (‘lrurch's part
appears. I” I't‘ll'ttspccl. to be acting by thc
scmrtor for thc purpose of political gain and
ndurnccmcnl. r\nd unfortunately this feeling
of cynicism \\lll orcrshudou all it lllt:
senator's rrlltcl rhetoric \tlnlc cumpnrgntng.
especially ul'cn ltc speaks on such themes as
public lllttlrllll} .tnd IIItII’IlllI) Irtgotcrnmcm.

Alas. uouldn't ll bc nice for oncc ll morc ol
otrr scrurlors would be stttrslrcd \\llll doing a
good job tn llIL' Senate. lil\lL‘iltl ol tcztclnnglor
hrggcr and better tlnngs"

(ilnltch .rrnl others might well lcntn front
llrcn‘ colleague Senator Waller \lontlarc. llc
\HIS. perhaps. tlrc onlj. potential pl'C\l(lt.'llllill
cttndtdutc uhounnounccd publicly. III [975
ll _\c;rt bclruclhc pttlnnl tcsslrrllctl. that he had
c\plorcd Ilrc [lrlS\ll1|l|l) ol running for l‘rcsr-
dent and upon rcllcclton didn‘t flunk hccould

gnc If his all

Senator Mondale rs north) of respect He
has. Ilbtfll to that Icth uhcru he feels lrc ls best
able to perform an efficient and cllecntc job
for his ctttlsllltlctlt'). lie was not so tll'lwn by
power to be blinded to his limitations;
ltmilaltons and rncapabiltlics \thich \totrld not
hate ztlloucd lnrn lo pcrlorm \vil ltthc some cl-
l'icicncy and effectiveness to the Presidency as
he does iii the Senate.

Is it too much to hope lot that sortie of
Senator Mondale‘s colleagues will learn from
the example Ire has sct'.’

 

x Z  I"  .

 

courses without the aidof ACT. They have nobody to blame but themselves.

student support. This semester ACT IV could face a similar demise—if students don't
get off of their asses. '

Representatives of ACT have been stopping people onthe dinner lines in an attempt
to enlist their help. ACT is Working on a system in which all a person would needto do
is pass out the evaluation forms in one ofthcir own classes. And yet. some people still
msrst that they're too busy to pitch in or give some other lame excuse.

How much time does it take to pass out some IBM sheets? How heavy is a bundle of
number two pencils? Is the strain more painful than spending a whole semester in a
course you don‘t think is worthwhile. with a professor you can‘t stand? Damn straight

Get The Scoop, And ‘Corter

I (rot a uucstion for .Iimmy Ctrrtcr...Scoop Jackson? There is nothing stopping you
from asking ll. And not through the mail. In person.

Albany IS a popular city around primary time. Both ofthesc presidential hopefuls
ttrcschcduled to be in Albanytoday. Carter will be speakingat the Memorial Chapel at
Union College at 2:00 pm. Jackson is slated for an appearance at the Americana Call
the Iroth for exact time and place. .
Maybe you don't support any of the candidates. Maybe you support one ofthese
Maybe you don‘t know who you support. Maybe you‘d like to find out'

Kicking Off With Kick

As you‘ve probably already noticed. we‘re kicking off the Spring with a special
addition to this issue. It's called Kick in the ASI’and in it the staff of the ASP have a
little fun with the people and topics which make our university our unrversitv. lt‘sjust
jam-packedmwith‘gilgglessnickers and knee-slappers. .. ... '

You should understand. ofc'titi'r'sia'. that some of Kick is satirical in naturentnd well.
we do make fun of some people. But we had to. To write about how good. nice and
genuinely decent these people actually arejust would not be funny. So if we did make a
little fun of you. well. we did it ‘cause we knew you could take it.

Humor issues do not happen by themselves. you should know. In addition to all their
usual work. the staff found thetimc and put a lot ofeffort into writing and producing
Kick. Think ofthem as you leafthrough Kick;pieture them slavingaway intothc night.
sweat dripping off their brows as they toil before their typewriters. just for vott.
And laugh. '

 

; ﬁgyr

.lI/l S TH lirf I) S 7% F F
 . .... ..S‘llil'llES DIISASKA

‘r-rcvt'hk RMEGIO
l)\\'ro WIVZEIJlliRG
.. ANDREA Haazarao. Cvsrrus HACINLI
............... ...  LOUISE MARKS
.Cxaor. Mt llEilliON. ELLEN FINE
 KEN WAX
..NAOMI FRIEDLANDEH. STEPHEN EISENMAN
 NATHAN SALANT
MICHAEL Premasxr
.Itttv AlltltECllT. Les ZUCKERMAN
LISA BruNoo
‘ ‘NETII Conn
“Dunn. O'CONNOR

Eur ion is ( llll.t..
Mammal; tollott
Nuts rol'lon.

ASSOCIA‘IIZ Ntws IDITORS 
I’Rlll)l'("l'lt)N MANAGER ......... ..

ASSIH'IATE vaonucrron tumours
honour/tr. Mots sort-u-
Anrs dl. rrArt‘nrs tot toll.
St'ortts tintrolt .............. ..

Assorr/t’l’t. worth l.l)thm
[\lnllttlhnti MAN“;le . 

ASSOI’IAII. Atrvutrrsmt; rumour
(LASHIIIHPUHAHIII MANAme ........ ..
lit slam \IASAUIH ........................ ..

 

 

 

 

U‘

   
 
  
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

.‘lltllitllll managing t'llllrll.' l’hil Muller

(untmtuttintmnt Director: Ilctly Stein

Al /' mn/ /tlI/lflt \r'ur nnumgctr: Mnlthcu Kaufnntn. Kim Sutton

.XIn/I ltIlIt't\ Susan \llllcl‘. l’nul Roscnthal

I'Ir’llt'll Joyce l'etgcnbuurn

lit/ling mrurununt. Susan llumrcs

(out/mutton ntn/trtgct't.‘ lillcn llorscu. I’ntrick Mc(ilynn

frmtunt In the ('t/Iltll' l5l|cn Weiss

llcurltt/ttrt lcsltc I-tsenslcrn

l'torltuttun. .lttnct Aillcr. l’atly Altern. Sarah Iilumcnslock. (‘urol liurgcr. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
llcnnt-r. \lnrge Hogarth. \‘rckt Kurt/man. Kathy |.um. Marc Leve. I‘nnirt Levy. Michele Lipton.
ltrth .‘tlctmclstetn. .lttnct Meumcr. Debbie liicgcr. Joan Silvcrhlatt

(IIil/Iflltt nutlnmi'r: Roberta (ioldman

(’nt n/uttun Itu/tutgcr: llclcne l.ustgttrten

'lt/IIII.\i\Il'illil't' (l.\lf.llillll.' .lerclyn Kaye

‘li/lt'l'flofll}: [)l'rltlttr‘tittlt: Jeff Aronowttl. Kelly Kiln. llriun Cahill. Anne Wren

I'Itomgru/rlrt: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

‘I'In' Albany Student Press it [tuft/tilted every ’l'uerrluy and Friday during the school year except
llttllt/{ILL Iz'rlt'tort'ttl policy is tltcres/Iotuthiltty oft/1c Editor in Cltlt'fontlrubject to review by the
.tlttrtltcutl Stir/j. .lloln ofﬁce: ((7329: tt'lepltortt':45 7-8892. Funded by Student Association. All-
r/I't'ts until to: Albany Student Press. CC 329. [400 Warlrlng/on Avenue. Albany. NY 12222.

 

 

 

As students prepare to register for the Fall semester. they will have tochoose  if 1

Assessment of Courses and Teachers( I II) was cancelled last semester dueto a lack of I

it isn‘t! Those who used ACT in the past know it‘s wortha few minutes oftlrcirtime.

   
  

  

.-—4_

 

 

 

