.¥..

crewman. of a missing Panamanian
cargo ship remains uncertain as the
vessel is feared sunk somewhere in
the vast body of water known as the
Berniuda Triangle. '

New. vonx (Ar) The major 37 1

-, carrying a losd'ot' iron ore from
Brazil to Philadeipltia. was last
heard from on Wednesday about I40
miles due west of Bermuda.

U.S. Coast Guard ofﬁcials. who

court to Rule on Philly’s

Sex-Segregated Schools

WASHINGTON (AP) The

Supreme Court, acting on the co'm-'

piaint of a‘bright schoolgirl, agreed
Monday to decide whether
Philadelphia can maintain sexually
segregated high schools for its
academically gifted students.

The court will consider Susan
Lynn Vorchheimer‘s claim that the
city's practice of operatiing the
separate schools is discriminatory.

After graduation in I974 as her

Central'High is an all boys school, ‘

and she was not allowed to enter.

Miss Vorchheimer ﬁled suit. and
U.S. District Judge Clarence C. New
comer ruled that her exclusion was
unconstitutional sexual discrimina-
tion. Newcomer agreed with the
young girl's claim that Central
High's science facilities were
superior to those of-Girls High. the
city's other school for the
academicain gifted.

The ssh-root Sylvia L. 0....

 

The third U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals overruled Newcomer. ﬁn-

junior high school's outstandingstu-
dent with awards in science and

Emmetnh Mi” vof‘mh‘im" dingthat the city‘s two-school policy
wanted to attend Central High did I,“ djwmninme again“ either
School. um

tun/Io tissues

   
 
      
    

 

WITII IIOIISIIIO?

Couldn't find an apartment to suit your needs'l. or do you
ﬁnd the on-campushousing contract ridiculous? SA is
working on these and related problems of student
dwellings. .Do you suppose that we could buy old houses
from the city of Albany,renovate and rent them out (inex-
pensively) to students? Central Council has a committee
working on on-campus problems and a special committee
is forming winch will concentrate on the off-campus
posstbhties. Drop by SA (cc 346) and speak with Steve or
Greg, and check out your possibilities.

funded by student arsociatt’on

 

Oct. 23 |.C 18 7:30, 9:30

 

SEXTOONS
Oct.21 -22 [C 18 7:30, 9:30

W b nudm mot-tattoo

 

i.

reported having discovered an oil
slick. a lifeboat. a coil of rope and “a
sign board with the letters OSSA on
it.” were to resume an air search over
the Atlantic Ocean at dawn today.

There has been speculation 'over
the years that hundreds of sea and air
travelers have met mysterious deaths
in the Triangle. a mythical area con-
necting Norfolk. Va.. Puerto Rico
and Bermuda.

The ofﬁcial government position
for years has been just the opposite.
“We don‘t recognize any geographic
area off the southeast coast of the
United States that is popularly
referred to as the Bermuda Triangle,
or the Devil's Triangle,” a Coast
Guard spokesman said.

Not Impressed

“The United States Coast Guard is
not impressed with the supernatural
explanations of the disasters at sea.
It is our experience that the com-
bined forces of nature and the un-
predictability of mankind outdo
science fiction stories many times
each year." he added.

In the .past they‘ve attributed
many of the problems in the area to
its being. because of its location. one
of the heaviest travelled area in the
world for sea and air.

The l5,028-ton‘ship, owned by the
omnium Shipping Corp. of New
York. was last heard from Wednes-
day when she radioed that heavy
weather and gale force winds were
forcing her to reduce speed.

Mrs. Carter
Visits Albany

ALBANY,N.Y. (AP) Mrs.
Rosalynn Carter promised Monday
that her husband Jimmy would
make a “great president" who would
provide “government that is honest
and fair" and trimmed of waste.

In a news conference and then a
forceful address toa rally of I,500 on
the Capitol steps. the wife of the
Democratic presidential nominee
coupled a strong. partisan attack on
Republicans with expressions of
faith in her husband's character.

“Jimmy has never had any hint of
scandal in his personal or public
life." she Silld. “He is a man who has
been around this countryand knows
and cares about its people and their
problems."

She said she likes to devote some
of her campaign time to "criticizing
the Republican administration and
what its policies have done to this
country." not just “discussing
recipes" in the more traditional role
of a candidate's wife.

Mrs. Carter's campaign visit here
provided what could be the major
event of the presidential election
campaign for the Albany area this
fall.

 

CORRECTIONS

The photo on page IA of
Friday's paper should have been
attributed to Paul Rosenthal.

Arthur Hidalgo from Alumni
Quad was incorrectly reported as
having voted yes on the impeach-
ment bill. It should have been a
no vote.

Clues 43 and 44 down in the
crossword puulc should have
read 43. Actor Toomey. 44. Son
of Bela.

 

 

 

 

 

r

 Bérm‘idiTriang‘l‘e ~

       

 

 

    
   
  
 
 
     

  

  
 
 
 

   
 

Suit Filed Against Moynlhan

NEW YORK (AP) The State Conservative Party. alleging that the Liberal
Party knowingly violated state election laws. has quietly started a lawsuit 1.,
dump Daniel Patrick Moynihan off the Liberal Party ticket. In the suit filed
in Albany last Wednesday. J. Daniel Mahoney. state conservative chairman,
says the Liberals purposely nominated a candidate they never intended to run
for the senate simply to hold the party ticket for whoever the Democratic
nominee would be, in direct violation of the state election law barring stand-
in candidates.

Syrian-Palestinian Ceasefire Maintained

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) Syrian and Palestinian forces maintained their
cease-fire east and south of Beirut yesterday as a summit meeting in Saudi
Arabia sought a peace formula for the lS-month-old civil war. But the
Lebanese Moslem and Christian gunners pounded residential areas of
divided Beirut with their usual nightly rockets and heavy artillery shells. and
the Palestinians claimed Israeli troops took control of a southern Lebanese
village and handed it over to the Christians. The Palestinians also charged
that the Syrians were using the “summit lull“ to consolidate their positions
and during the night occupied three villages near Aley, the Palestinians‘ lust
stronghold on the Beirut-Damascus highway 10 miles east of Beirut.

Bargaining to Resume ln UPS Strike

GREENWICH, Conn. (AP) Bargaining was to resume yesterday in
Alexandria. Va. for the first time since the Teamsters union shut down
United Parcel Service in 15 states with a strike that began Sept. 15.
Representatives of the union and the Greenwich-based company agreed last
Wednesday to resume talks which were arranged by federal mediators
following exploratory meetings with company and union officials. The
mediators said both sides agreed to renew bargaining although they
remained far apart on their positions.

Woods Warns of Department Dissolution

NIAGARA FALLS. N.Y. (AP) The retiring president ofthe New York State
School Boards Association claims Gov. Hugh Carey is trying to dissolve the
independence of the state Education Department. “At present the
commissioner of education is. I believe. being politically attacked from the
highest state level in a long-range attempt not only to remove Commissioner
Ewaid Nyquist but to make the position of commission a meaningless
political appointee who dances to the wishes of the puppetecr." John J.
Woods said Sunday. Woods. of the Rochester suburb of Greece. also
criticized Commerce Commissioner John Dyson. a top Carey aide who has
been engaged in a top-level feud with Nyquist over the future of the state‘s
public school system.

American Nobel Prize Winners Named

STOCKHOLM. Sweden (AP) Three Americans were name today to receive
the I976 Nobel Prizes in physics and chemistry, giving the United States it
clean sweep of the Nobel scientific awards this year. Burton Richter of
Stanford University and Samuel C.C. Ting of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology shared the physics award for “pioneering work in the discovery
of a heavy elementary particle of a new kind." The Royal Academy of
Sciences awarded the chemistry prize to William N. Lipscomb of Harvard
University for his studies “on the structure of boranes. illuminating problems
of chemical bonding."

China’s Nuclear Test Proves Successful

TOKYO (AP) China has announced its 19th nucleartcstcxplosion and in the
process underlined the ascendancy of Premier Hun Kuo-feng. Hsinhua. the
offical Chinese news agency, said on Sunday that the success of the
underground test was due to recent decisions of the Communist party cc ntrnl
committee “headed by Comrade Hua Kuo—fcng.” This was the formqu
previously used to attribute the success of everything accomplished in China
to the teachings of the late Mao Tsc-tung. Hsinhua gave no details ofthe test.
liut. as in previous explosions. it said it was for defensive purposes and that
China would never be the ﬁrst to use nuclear weapons.

Carter to Avoid Low-level Campaign

WASHINGTON (AP) Democratic presidential contender Jimmy Carter
said yesterday he will “bend over backwards“ to avoid a low-level campaign
as he and President Ford enter the final two weeks oftheir battle to win the
White House. In an impromptu interview with television network reporters
at his Plains, Ga. peanut warehouse. Carter was asked if he though the
campaign. which has featured increasingly heated rhetoric in recent days.
might descend to the “gutter level" before reaching its climax on Nov. 2.
Carter replied that the American people would not approve ofsuch tactics
and expressed confidence that both he and Ford would avoid them.

Supreme Court Refuses Abortion Restraint

WASHINGTON (AP) The Supreme Court yesterday refused to clear the
way for Massachusetts to enforce a law requiring parentalconsent or a court
order for abortions on single women under IS. The court refused to lift an
order issued J uly 30 by Justice William J. Brennan Jr. barring enforcement of
the law until it has been interpreted by a state court. The justices were asked

by Massachusetts ofﬁcials and other supporters of the law to override

Brennan's order. Attorneys argued that enforcing the law would “insure that
pregnant minor girls will have the opportunity to seek the advice and counsel
of their parents."

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

OCTOBER 19. 1978

 

 

by Fltl‘le SW

SUNYA's flu vaccination
program will procede as scheduled.
according to Director of Student
Health Services. Dr. Janet Hood.

“The vaccine will be givenjust as
we receive it from the Albany Coun-
ty Board of Health," said Hood.

New York, along with several
other states had suspended its flu
vaccination program last week.
following a number of reported
deaths of individuals who had
received the shots. Most of these
states. including New York. have
since resumed their programs.

Hood said that deaths could result
from heart attacks brought on bythe
excitement and apprehension of old
people receiving the vaccine. or by
nervousness and chronic illness.

The monovnlciit vaccine for
students and faculty ages 18 to 65.
with no chronic health problems.
will be available sometime in early to
mid-November, according to the
Health Service.

All faculty and students whose
health problems are not on record
with the Student Health Service. will
be required to submit a physician‘s
report on their medical history prior
to receiving the vaccine

The bivalent swine ﬂu vaccine. for
students and faculty over 65 or who
have a chronic health problem, will
be received by the Health Service on
or about October 25.

According to Dr. Clarence
Weisecup of the New York State
Health Department. New York has
received only one and it half million
doses of the vaccine to date.

“There have been problems with
the production of the swine flu vac-
cine." said Weisccup. “The four
pharmaceutical companies
manufacturing the vaccine hnltcd
production until the Federal
Government stepped inttnd assumed
liability for the production of the
vaccine. Now. the licdcrnl Govern-
tncnt has prohibited the companies
from makings profit on the vaccine.
so they have no incentive to step tip
production.“

llowcvcr. \Vcisccup Siillcti that
New York State would definitely
have enough vaccine for all the high

Hugh Carey with Roeatynn Carter during a press conference in

risk people in the state.

The swine flu vaccine is at least 70
percent effective. and only about
three percent of its recipients willex—
perience some minor discomfort.
such as a short term low grade fever.
The Federal Government has spent
l35 million dollars on the swine flu
vaccination program. According to
a Harvard study, for the program to
be effective, 70 percent of the pop-
ulation must be immunized.

The shot is administered with ajet
injector gun. a needleless vaccine
shot dispenser which can give ap-
proximately ﬁfty shots without be-
ing reloaded with more vaccine. ,

According to New York State
Health Commissioner Dr. Robert P.
Whalen. the jet injector operates
through hydraulic pressure which
enables the gun to shoot a tiny
stream of vaccine right through the
skin. “Without it.“ said Whalen. "we
couldn't even attempt to immunizc
millions of Americans against the
swine llu.“

Both types of swine ﬂu vaccines
will be administered at SUNYA free
of charge. However. before the vuc-
cine can be given. it consent form
must be filled out which explains all
possible reactions to the vaccine.
Editor‘s Note: The following is ex-
cur/nod from afar! .rhccl on influen-
za released by the New York State
Depar/mcm of Health.

What exactly is inﬂuenza?

Influenza is a respiratory disease
caused by it virus. There are two
main types of influenza virus — A
and B. Each type includes various
strains. Type A epidemics are
generally more frequent and severe.
From time to time. new virus strains
develop. When this happens. and if
the strains are quite different from
previous ones. they may cause
epidemics because people have not
had previous exposure to them and
consequently have not built up any
specific immunity against them.

How is influenza spread?

When a person has influenza. or is
just coming down with it. the fluids
in his nose and mouth contain
viruses. They are expelled into the
air when he sncczcs. coughs or talks.
Then they get into the noses and

 

r l

_ , , , .
university photo service

Albany yesterday morning.

OCTOBER 19. 1976

Vaccine to Hit  on 17mg

mouths of other people and cause
disease in tlte susceptibies.

Howseriouadbeaseislrlluensa’

For most people, inﬂuenza is a
moderately severe illness but not a
serious health threat. Complete
recovery can be expected within a
week. For certain high risk group it
is a serious problem. and the disease
or its complications may be life
threatening. Among those at high
risk are the elderly and all persons
suffering from certain chronic il-
lnesses, including heart disease.
respiratory disease. and some others.

What are the symptoms of in-
fluenza?

Symptoms of influenza often
come on suddenly and may include
some or all of the following: fever.
chills. headache. dry cough. and
soreness and aching in the back and

continued/rm page ﬁve

  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

The swine flu vaccine will be available at SUNVA within the neat few
weeks. according to Student Health Services Director Dr. Janet Hood.

Library Shelved By Red Tape

by Gavin Murphy

Bureaucratic entanglements in
hiring civil serviccjob applicants are
delaying the filling of vacant staff
positions in the library. according to
Director of Libraries James
Schmidt. Hc snid this will delay the
addition of more hours to the cur-
tailed library schedule.

Of the 33 positions that were
eliminated by the governor's hiring
freeze. nineteen have been restored.
The library is culrcntlyinterviewing
prospective employees for those
positions.

Twelve of those nineteen jobs
must 'go to civil service applicants.
according to Schmidt. He added that
two appointments have been mttde
in four weeks and only eleven cutt-
didtites have been made available by
the Department of Civil Services.

“We can‘t do a thing until the com-
mission makes people available for
hiring." said Schmidt. “nnd that
'process appears to be slow."

At the some time there how becn

fch resignations which. because of
the governor‘s decree. will result in
more frozen jobs.

“With over one hundred and sixty
employees. there is goingto be a con-
stant turnover all thc time." said
Schmidt.

According to Personnel Ad-
ministrator Terry Moshier, who
deals directly with the Department
of Civil Service in hiring personnel,
the problctn of hiring is that “the
system“ is slow because the depart—
ment is understaffed.

Long List

She explained that one person is
responsible for referring job cunr
didittes from the long list of
applicants. One problem is that most
of the positions available are for the
night and weekends and many
prospective employees decline to
work those hours.

"You would think with the job
market the way it is they wouldn't
cure." she said.

As a result ofthe hiring freeze and
economic troubles. the library was
scheduled to be open only 83.5 hours
a week this fall. The hours have been
increased by eight hours a week. and
the library can now stay open until
midnight on week nights. Schmidt
would like to see the hours restored
to last semester‘s hours.

We Got Creamed

He said that the l03.5 hours a
week that the library stayed open
“before we got creamed“ was about
average for an institution of
SUNYA's size. Had the appeal been
denied and the hours fixed at 83.5.

Schmidt feels that SA President
Steve DiMeo's proposed study-in
would have been warranted.

On the subject of opening the
library past midnight during exam
week. Schmidt explained that the
possibility custs. but with limited
services. There would be no
reference or check-out services and
the periodical room would be closed.

Mrs. Carter Campaigns in Albany

by Paul Roscntlntl

ROSiliyllll Curler paid it VlSil to
Albany yesterdin ilS port of ii cum—
puign swing throuin the Northeast.
She spoke to one thousand sup-
portch at at noon rally ill the State

Capitol.
The wife of
News Dcmocrntic prestdcn-
, lllli hopeful Jimmy
l‘cnture

('airtcr olicrcd little in
the way of new infor-
million. but the pill'llSilll crowd
didn't seem to mind. ()rin a low
hecklcrs made their presence known.

Accompanying Mrs. (‘ttrtcr were
(iovcrnor litiin ('ttrcy. (‘on-
gressman Samuel Stritlton. and
Albany Mayor. ltrnstnh Corning.
While Corey and Slt‘iltton stood by
Mrs. Curler in it Red Room press
conference. Corning and it Sulvution
Army-type lntnd kept the crowd
busy.

Al the press meeting. Mrs. Curler
defended her husband‘s tilledgcd
wavering on scvcrul issues. Site
maintained that reporters who
followed Governor Carter's Cilfll-
pnign knew for n fttct that he does in-
deed stand firm on issues.

Asked what she thought President
Ford's greatest weakness has been.
Mrs. Cttrtcr noted. “I think Jimmy
thinks Mr. Ford should answer for

the lziilings of illh administration.“

In it recent interview. Mrs. Carter
said. "Alirst litdy Is in it posttion to
know the needs ol the cottntry illlti
do something about them. She can
iliIVL' rcitl influence." She told
reporters ycstcrduy than her main
concerns were in the areas ol Incntnl
licitllh and women's rights.

After several bricl meetings with
campaign workers. Mrs, Curth
descended the stairway to the
Capitol steps where Corning was
risking the supporters for requests
lroin the band,

I’nmilinr Words

Mrs. Cotter mode the some kind
of remarks to the crowd in Albany
that she hits been associated with
throughout the Cllmpiilgll.

She also noted that she lived with
her husband for one your in Schenec-
tndy. while he did rcscnrch at Union
College.

Secret Service agents.
supplemented by Capitol. Albany
City ttnd State Police. were visible in
all areas of the Capitol grounds.
Strict precautions were taken
throughout the uppcurnnce.

At the conclusion of her address.
Mrs. Cttrtcr walked down toward
the spectators to shake hands and
cxchungc greetings. Secret Service
agents surrounded her us she moved

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

along in front of the crowd.

Chris Lewis. U.S. Labor Party
candidate for Congress. made an
attempt to walk around the barrier
which kept Mrs. Curler scpitrntc
Irom the crowd. Agents promptly
wttrncd him to keep hitck.

Lewis Inter moved through the
crowd toward Mrs. Curler. Two
agents briskly walked down the steps
tojoin those ilil‘ctldy surrounding the
candidate's wtlc. Lewis. known in
the urea lor lrcqucnt appearances at
political gatherings. risked Mrs.
(Enter for her opinion of David
Rockefeller. llc apparently received
no response other than boos from
Cortcr supporters.

When risked if he ilild any reason
to single out Lewis. one Secret Scr-
vtce agent said no one was singled
out. He claimcl' he didn't know who
Lewis WIIS.

Motorcude 'l‘o Airport

Mrs. ('nrtcr left the Capitol in it
motorcade which took her to Albany
County Airport. Carey. Corning.
iind minty other local politicians
joined her for the ride.

In introducing Mrs. Carter. Cnrey
said. "She hits gotten outstanding
ovations wherever she's gone."
Though yesterday‘s rcnction was
generally favorable. nothing about
the appearance was outstanding.

PAGE THREE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
  
     
  
   
 
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
     
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
    
    
  
   
  
 

U.»

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

