 

tion by mysterious'right-

\ uads have been found

in? Argentina since the March , 24

military'coup. ,. . " . I 

’ . It is belie. ed that most of ‘tlie vic-

timswer‘e leftists suspected by their
operations. ‘ _  -

Security forces have reported kill-

ing 40‘subversive delinquents" in
numerous ,antiguerrilla operations

 
 
 

forces overthrew President Isabel
Peron in a bloodless coup.

The guerrillas also have shown
that their ability to kill is still con-
siderable. Since March‘24. left-wing
extremists have been blamed for the
slayings of more than 25 police of-
ﬁcers and private guards. two
business executives, a navy captain
and several other persons.

Most hit-and-run guerrilla attacks
were in the city and province of
Buenos Aires. where nearly half of
Argentina's 25 million people live.
This also is where the death squads
have been most active.

Political violence involving
rightists. leftists. Peronists and
security forces killed an estimated
L700 persons during Mrs. Peron's
2| months in ofﬁce.

President Jorge Videla. 50. the
army commander. announced that
the government would “monopolize

‘ killers of supporting guerrilla

since March 24. when the armed '

 That statement has been inter-

preted as an admonition to rightist
death squads, which have killed'hun- .
dreds of persons since late I973.
. g Ignore Campaign

* The new military government has
made no other allusion to the death
squads, publicly ignoring their con-
tinuing campaign. No. death squad
member has been reported arrested
bythe regime. " . ’

The Authentic Peronist Move-
ment. an outlawed organization
linked to leftist guerrillas. charged in

  
 

,, animal-awn“,
some death "squads "Ill "be"!

organized  “directly by i the armed 7' I

' forces.” '

Death squads began killing lef-

tists. dissident Peronists and other
persons after Juan D. Peron—

president from I946 to l955——was -

re-elected in I973. Perondied inJuly

i I974. leaving the presidency to his
wife. who was vice president at the
.time.

Jose Lopez Rega. welfare
minister. private secretary to both
Perons. and a federal police ofﬁcer.
was accused by politicians of
organizing off-duty policemen into
death squads.

Attica Clemency Suggested

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The special
state prosecutor Thursday
recommended executive clemency
for some of the eight prisoners who
were convicted of or pleaded guilty
to charges stemming from the l97l
Attica prison riot.

Prosecutor Alfred J. Scotti also
urged that disciplinary action be
considered against more than a
dozen state policemen and prison
guards for their role in retaking the
prison Sept. I3, l97l.

Gov. Hugh Carey, who appointed
Scotti to complete the state‘s lengthy
investigation ofthe riot. gave no ini-
mediate indication whether he
would follow Scotti‘s suggestions.

The names of those inmates who
might get clemency will not be
released unless they are granted
clemency. the governor said in a
statement.
Names Witheld

He also said the names of those of-
ﬁcers who might be disciplined
would not be made public unless
charges are pressed against them.

The report to Carey completes
Scotti's assignment as the state's
third special Attica prosecutor.
Carey‘s decisions will all but close
the book onthe bloody revolt, which
claimed the lives of 43 men—39 of
them inthe police assault onthe ﬁnal
day.

Secretary Stoolies Rewarded

.. .

WASHINGTON (AP) An un-
orthodox Bicentennial group is
offering s 525.000 reward to
secretaries who turn in bosses who
are guilty of “white collar" crimes
such as illegal political campaign
contributions.

The People‘s Bicentennial Com-
mission is offeringthc reward for in—
formation lending to the arrest and
conviction of corporate ofﬁcers
whose companies are included in
Forum magazine‘s list of the 500
largest ﬁrms. Commission director
Ted I-Iownrd says the group is also
after executives guilty of iIIL‘gJI
bribes. kickbacks tind pay-offs.

The commission has mailed letters
about its campaign to |0.000
secretaries who should receive them
this week during "National
Sccretaries Week." Howard said.

Secretaries are being asked to
“realize in this society our ﬁrst
obligation is to the letter ofthe law
and not to our boss or our com-
pany." Howard saidinaninterview.

The commission is a nonproﬁt
organization founded in l97l as an
alternative to the ofﬁcial Bicenten-
nial groups sponsored bythe govern-
ment. Howard said it hastuken upon
itself thejob of providing a critique
of corporations. It provides
educational materials and radio
spots to inform the public ofthesub-
jcct. he said.

The group has already begun to
receive some cautious inquiries from
secretaries who have received the
letters and who want to know if the
offer is genuine. Howard said. Some
say they have information. while
others want to know what con-
unriica illegal activity, he added.

slownrd said the commission is
:csmiimcnding that secretaries send
oil} information they have to the
‘: mica Department. which would be
It. ,‘IOll-iiiit' Ior‘ arty PIOSCCIIIIUIIS, as

well as to the Bicentennial group.
The group is establishing an in-
dependent panel composed of
lawyers. journalists and private in-
vestigators to check any material it
receives and pressure authorities to
investigate where warranted.
Howard said the commission will
feel that its campaign has been a

success if it provokes discussion
about morality and ethics.

“We‘re not naive. We don‘t believe
these corporate executives will come
out with their hands up and say.
‘Yes. I am guilty.‘ " he said. “We do
want to see discussion and soul
searchinginthecorporatecommuni-
ty.“

NDC Challenges Primary

NEW YORK (AP) The New
Democratic Coalition formally an-
nounced a challenge Thursday ofthe
way delegates were allotted in the
New York primary election.

Director John Nelson of the
NDC‘s National Center to Save The
Reforms said the challenge was the
second of what will be l4chailcngcs.
The ﬁrst challenge has been started
in New Hampshire.

At issue is the appointment of
delegates analogous to the way the
Electoral College operates in selec-
ting a president. It amounts to
delegates being won by a candidate
disproportionate to his popular
vote.

NDC Vice Chairman Arnold
Weiss cited the 39th Congressional
District as an example. He said
former Gov. Jimmy Carter of
Georgia won 3| per cent of all votes
cast. ii plurality. and all five
delegates.

If. however, delegates had been
apportioned by percentage of votes
cast. Carter would have won only
two delegates. Sen. Henry Jackson.
Rep. Morris Udall and Fred Harris
each would have gotten one
delegate. Weiss said.

Ile likened the system to a horse
race in which the winner by a hair
takes all the winnings.

“We're not accusing anybody ~
Carey or Cunninghamon any mis-
deeds or improprictics. This is the
system we‘ve had for years." Weiss
declared.

Frances Bennick. head ofthestatc
N DC. said the challenge was
directed at what she called a
loophole in rules adopted by the
1972 Democratic National Conven-
tion. which said delegates must be
"chosen in :i manner which fairly
reﬂects division of preferences ex-
pressed . .  She added:

“Despite the clear mandate of the
I972 convention. the Mikulski Com—
mission provided a loophole
whereby winner-take-all could
utilize in primary states."

She said the challenge would be
lodged by some ofthe roughly 20 per
cent socalled reformers attending
Friday‘s meeting of the State
Democratic Committee.

The NDC said it hoped the com-
mittee would accede to the
challenge. but it said it expected that
it would have to be resolved by the
convention's credentials committee
ultimately.

The NDC supported Udall in the
primary. but distivowed tiny motive
to help him by its challenge. In fact.
it had said it would bring the
clinllcngc beforehand.

   
 

Cunningham Not Required to Tssttty

NEW YORK (AP) A special three-j udge federal court ruled unconstitutional
Friday a New York state law that would bar state Democratic chairmnn
Patrick J. Cunningham from officefor refusingtotestify beforea grand jUry.
The panel ruled. that the law. . requiring Cunningham to testify o. be
disqualiﬁed from political or public office for ﬁve years. violated the Fifth
Amendment protection against self-incriminatlon. The court said that
nothing in its decision restrained the state's power to prosecute Cunningham
“on the basis of evidence that it may already have uncovered. or will discover
in the future . . . But the state cannot coerce Cunningham to establish its
charges out of his own mouth . . ." '

Chlna and Egypt SIgn Agreement

BELGRADE, Yugoslsvla (AP) A militaryprotocol has been signed by
China and Egypt. which isshopping around for arms and spare parts to make
up the gap left by its freeze with the Soviet Union. the Yugoslav official news
agency Tanjug reported from Peking Details of the agreement were no.
made public, Tanjugsaid. It was signedinthe Chinese capital on Wednesday
by Gamal eI Din Sidky. Egyptian state minister for military production, and
Chang Kai-chien. deputy chief of staff of the Chinese army. according to
Tanjug. The signing capped three rounds of talks which began Monday
between Chinese Premier Hus Kuo-fengand Egyptian Vice President Hosny
Mobarak.

Rumsteld Denies USSR Military Advantage
WASHINGTON (AP) Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Thursday
the military “advantage is not withthe Soviet Union.“ buthc stopped short of
claiming the kind of US. superiority President Ford has asserted. Saying
there is "rough equivalence" in military power betweenthe United Stiucs llnd
Russia. Rumsfeld declared: “There are certain areas where the Soviet Union
is ahead. certain areas where we are ahead" and certain areas where the two
countries are about even. Rumsfeld was interviewed on ABC-TV‘s “(loud
Morning America."

Court Refuses to Delay Harris Trlal

LOS ANGELES (AP) A Superior Courtjudge has refused again to dchiy l he
trial of Symbioncse Liberation Army members William and Emily Harris a
decision that seems likely to keep the Harrises from being tried with Patricia
Hearst. Judge Mark Brandler turned down a defense request Wednesday
that the Harris' trial be put off for as long as a year because of nlIcgchy
adverse pretrial publicity. He set June I as the date for the start oftlicir ll'lili
on kidnap. robbery and assaultcharges. Sin‘ce Miss Hearst. who is charged in
the same multicount state indictment as the Harriscs. is recovering from a
collapsed lung. it is improbable that the newspaper heiress could begin uml
with her codcfcndants.

LA. County Moves to Control Hughes Estate

LOS ANGELESfAI‘) As calls pour in rcspondingto an ltd seeking Iipr III
ﬁnding Howard llughes‘ will. Los Angelcs County officials have l'ormnll)
moved to take control of his estate. County Public Administrator Ilincu
Altman pctitioncd Superior Court Wednesday to wrest control ol the
billionaire‘s estate from a first cousin and give it to the county. .lutlgc llund
Euglcson scheduled a hearing on Altman‘s request for April 27. Allnnni \illli
he believes county officials thc iistrongcr cluinitothc cstzitc ot IInint-t. \tlio
died earlier this month. than Richard C. (inno Jr. of Anaheim. \tho Ino Iiccn
named to temporarily oversee Hughes“ California properties.

Striking Doctors In Danger of Being Fired

1.05 ANGELES (AP) Ofﬁcials have informed striking doctors ihct null ht-
forcedif they stay off thejob for more than three days in n walkout lltnl h.i\
curtailed operations at the county's three largest hospitals. Ilui II .
effectiveness ofthe strike. initsﬁrst day Wednesday v-rwith nt Icust l\\ti‘lhllti\
of the 620 interns and residents at County‘USC Medical Center IlI\l!|\L'\i
may prevent officials from ﬁringthc doctorscn mastic. And strikc Icaidt-n no
they will insist on amnesty for all strikers before ending the striltc Inu-
Wednesday night. both sides agreed to resume bargaining with “Ill/ll
Mrvichin, it mediator from the State Mediation and Conciliation Scrxicc.
present.

Carey and Beams Form Council for N.Y. City
NEW YORK (AP) Gov. Hugh L. Carey. after meeting with Mayor Ahmhum
1). Bonnie and top business and political leaders Thursday. announced
formation of what he called the Council for the Economy of New York Iln'
governor said he would serve as chairman of the council to “co-ordinulc .ill
the resources of this region on the city. state. federal undimcmmionnl h-icl “
We have one essential goal." he told newsmen tifter the meeting. "In “"15"”
and expand our economic base." Neither Carey nor Iiciimc spcllcil out
exactly what the council would do except in the most general It‘l‘nh.

west Point Charges Cadets With Cheating

WEST POINT. N.Y. (AP) Fifty cadets have formally been L'IHIIIIL'“ “'m
cheating on an examination in the worst U.S. Military Academy “I‘i’h'w
scandal in a quarter of it century. A spokcsniansuid 'l‘hursdzll’lh“l ‘ “"“" h“
have resigned in the face of the accusations. while 49 have been clcincd “W
chitrgcs'tirc based on the [74-year-old Academy's vcncrnblc honor unit.
which dictates that "cadet will not lie. cheitt or steal. or tolcruic iiltl‘tt' who

.. .4

:o' “it Clid'g“ "immulhoriwd collaboration" ttgttinst the 51) in .I inte—
cinm t wmcm cpynccrlng examination will be reviewed by the Wool l’oim
(mm‘md‘ilil‘ “Hg. Gen. Walter Ultucr. He can dismiss the charges or thrch

hearings by a board of regular Army officers.

 

guilt-.2 23 TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

‘__———-"

APRIL 23. 1976

Dlrector of Resldeneea John Welty sayalhat new eenlor week housing
pollcy wIII prevent damage done by students “hanglng out.“

NYPIRG Finds Faults With Indian Point

by Bill Hughes

The New York Public Interest
Research Group took“a frightening
look at the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission’s and Con Ed's lack of
concern for the safety of millions.
and a ‘don't make
waves‘ attitude which
allows serious health
and safety questions
to slip by without cor-
rective action." This quote taken
from a NYPIRG report entitled. Is It

News

Analysis

Worth the Risk? which sums uptheir _

findings in the controversy raging
over the vulnerability of the Indian
Point Nuclear Complex to earth-
quakes.

On March I I, an earthquake with

‘ a magnitude of V on the modified

Merealli scale struck near Pompton
Lake, NJ. which is located about 50
miles south of the plants along the
Ramapo fault. The Ramapo fault.
which is an ion in the earth's crust.
also runs within 3.080 feet of the
Indian Point Complex.

On April I. State Commerce
Commissioner John Dyson. acting

in his capacity as chairman of the
Atomic Energy Council said. “New
York State will take every step
necessary, even shutting down
nuclear power plants. to insure that
there is no public danger involved
with the location of such plants near
earthquake faults.

The New York State Atomic
Energy Council, (NYSAEC) which
represent state agencies in nuclear
power matters, and the Citizens
Committee for the Protection of the
Environment, demanded that the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission
(N RC) agree to hold public hearings
to discuss whether the plants are in
danger from an earthquake which
could occur alongthe Ramapo fault.

Both the NRC and Con Ed have
insisted that thc Ramapo fault is not
capable of producingan earthquake.
The NRC and Con Ed studies which
recommended that Indian Point
Plants numbers I and ll be licensed
to operate relied on a report by Dr.
Sidney Paige. a consulting geologist.
done in I955. Dr. Paige observed
geological evidence near Indian

ni- Duiuay

' J
‘ A change in SUNYA'I senior
. week housing policy has ange

many students. ' - ' *

Whereas last year students asked
to participate in the torch-lighting
ceremony could stay in their own
rooms after ﬁnals. this year they will
have to pack their bay and move
into the rooms of their designated
seniors.

In cases where the scnior's room is
already filled, the torchbearer will be
housed in a central location on his or
her quad. along with students stay-
ing because of FSA or other univer-
sityjobs.

John Welty. Director of
Residences. stated that the new

Point. which might have been caused
by land movement along the fault.
but concluded that no earthquake
was possible. Dr. Paige's report,
however, crime at a time when not
much was known about the seismici-
ty of Jo: east coast.

During the next '15 years. new
evidence showed that major earth-
quakes bud occured yearsearlier
along the fault.

A I974 report by James Davis.
New York State Geologist. stated
that l2 earthquakes hadtaken place
within 50 miles of Indian Point
between I955 and I967. Davis. also
stated that geology and scismology
analyses within I955, I965 and I970
for the Indian Point reactors were
deﬁcient. Davis said that I965 and
I970 reports failed to include perti-
nent information developed since
I955.

The NYPIRG report chargesthat
the Final Safety Analysis Report for
Indian Point submitted by Con Ed
ignored Davis‘ findings and conclud-
ed,‘ erroneously. that the Indian
Point site Is “located in one of the

Campus Crime Increases Sharply

by Linda Fried

The number of crimes committed
at SUNYA seem to have risen with
the temperature.

Compared to March I975. last
month has seen a 75 percent increase
in campus criminal activity reported
to the University Police.

The value of damages incurred
during March I976 exceeds S9000,
whereas thetotai for thesame month
last year reached only $2320, an in-
crease of 296%.

Cases of pctit larceny are most
predominant. tallying Illso far this
year. Bicycle thefts are becomingin-
creasineg prevalent. with the threat
now extending to Citizen Band
radios found in many motor
vehicles.

There have been ﬁve incidentslast
month in which rooms were
burglarizcd while the occupants
were asleep. Personal offenses for
March numbered eight. including
five CilSCS of harassment, and two
assaults. The rash offulse ﬁre alarms
last month total twenty-two, with
two actual fires. ‘

The ﬁfteen criminal arrests made
during March involved just one
SUNYA student. The other arrests
included a number of area high
school students, a SUNYA
employee, and one former SUNYA
employee. Two of those arrested

were consequently cleared

As the coming of pleasant weather
heralds an increase in crime, the Un-
iversity Police urge students to take
precautions, such as registering
bicycles and locking-up valuables.
Eighteen reports of doors found un-
locked or open, were received in
March.

Of the crimes reported during last

   
      

ggAi-igm R
K ILL
PARKED CASE. E6 A”),

month, there were 23 felonies.
Parking Problem Up

The monthly crime report list
parking violations as a major
problem around campus. The report
said that illegally parked vehicles are
causing substantial damage to lawn
and gravel areas. As arcsult, the Un-
iversity Police gave out over 100
parking tickets daily last month.

LET‘S

 
 

 

sﬁJIIWﬁM'i‘i‘) -

'o

b) “o ’0

 

APRIL 23, 1976

HI},mriﬁtlﬁtttlllIlllltlll1l||llJHIllgﬁim

‘ 0'!) ("Q -@ (g)  535195) a
' a

  

“hanging o'ui"with o' ‘
_ and to allow cleanin‘ ’
rooms' to begin more quickly.

Accordingto Welty. there wss ap-
proximately three thousand dollars
worth of damage done during senior
week last year.

“This new policy will allow us to
check the vacated rooms immediate-
ly and get lists of repairs to the
physical plant so they can begin
work more quickly and better
prepare the rooms for students‘
return in August." said Welty.

.Many studems see the new policy
as an unnecessary bureaucratic has-
sle which will inconvenience some

vsafest seismological areas."

The NRCS Final Environmental
Impact statement, according to
NYPIRG. was equally oblivious to
the danger of earthquakes.

The NRC accepted the utility‘s
report and recommended that a
provisional license be granted for In-
dian Point Ill.

NYPIRG charges that the NRC
and it's predecessor the Atomic
Energy Commission “may have
‘gerrymandered' earthquakes into
small. localized tectonic provinces to
keep the number of the reported
earthquakes in the Indian Point area
low."

NYPIRG states that reports of
some 59 earthquakes have been om-
mited by Con Ed and NRC. . .Of
these one struck NYC in I737 which
had a modiﬁed Merealli Intensity of
VII, the March I I. New Jerseyearth-
quake had a magnitude of VI and 6
additional quakes were recorded
with a Modiﬁed Merealli reading of
V.

In at least one instance, NYPIRG
charges. Con Ed misreportedinfor-
mation critical to determiningpthe
largest possible earthquake for‘the
Indian Point area. Con Ed assigned
a Modified Merealli intensity of VI
to an I884 earthquake which actual-
ly had an MM of VII.

According to Lyn Sykes, II scien-
tist at Columbia Universities
Lamont—Dohcrty Observatory.
there is an even chance that the
ground accelerations at Indian l’t.
would be twice that which the site is
designed for in the eVent of an earth-
quake with a magnitude of V
(Richter scale). \ y

The Citizens Committee for the

continued on page six

Quad. fl can see so many
with storage. moving people
out. and key deposits and "

Jerry Garlick. also a enio _ a
Dutch Quad said he didnit-think the
new policy would help. “W have no

' objection to reducing damages by

eliminating hangers-on, but this
solution is ridiculously drsstic. I
don‘t see how the new policy will
help get repairs'stated more quickly.
They won‘t be able to close any
dorms because they‘ll still be one
senior there. And I think the time
problem is more because it takes
maintenance so long to get started
with repairs."

Both Brand and Garlick were dis-
appointed that they weren't con-
sulted about the policy change,
either as seniors or as RAs.“What
really bothers me is that wetalked to
RAs on other quads and they said
they knew nothing about this. We
had the job of informing RAs of
what was going on because residence
didn't tell them.” said Garlick. “And
most seniors didn‘t even know a
change was being considered.” Bob
O’Conner. President Senior Class
said that both he and Robin Lecin
Senior Week Housing Coordinator
did have a say in the process.

“We did have input at the begin-
ning. when most major decisions
were made." said O‘Conner. “Its not
the policy we had in mind. but is
close eno'ugh. Originally planned to
move everyone. seniors included. to
one of the towers’IThe Residence 0f-
ﬁce]. The present plan is a com-
promise. but we‘re satisﬁed with it. It
was the best we could do."

Some students are sayingthat they
won‘t obey the policy and a
university-wide meeting of RAs has
been called to see what can be done
about the situation.

O‘Conner stated that he thought
that if anyone counld change the
policy the RAs could.

“We‘ve already gotten aconsensus
of Dutch Quad RAs. and all twenty-
six seem to be against it. We're hav-
ing a meeting al all RAs at the un-
iversity and getting petitions fro
seniors to sign,“ said Brand.

“Then we‘ll go talk to the
residence hierarchy to see what can
be done about a situation where so
many people are so upset.” Groups
of seniors have come up to me and
said. “we‘re just not going-to do it,"
continued Brand. “And that's
without any prodding. We don‘t
want to threaten. but people just
might not do it.”

Central Council Votes
To Remain in SASU

by Paul Rosenthal

SUNYA‘s membership in SASU.
a source of much controversy chr
the last year. will continue for at least
one more year.

The SASU membership fee of ap-
proximately SS,000 was approved by
Central Council Wednesday night.
as part ofthe l976—77 SA operating
budget.

Dissatisfaction with the organiza-
tion and its leadership prompted
several Council members to object to
a renewal of membership. Com-
plaints of luck of service and
allegations of corruption were dis-
cussed. but the budget was passed,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

19 to 5.

SA's SASU Coordinator Dianne
Piche defended the organization.
saying that the lobbying efforts
carried on in the State Legislature
were of great value to SUNYA
students as well as all students in the
State University system.

The membership fee, paid by each
member student government, is bas-
ed on 85¢ per full time equivalent

student.
Student Lobby

A proposed SUNYA membership
in the National Student Lobby.
which would cost $300, was defeated
by the Council.

I PAGE THREE

 

 

 

  
   
   

.~ .. - .0 he...  . .-
.  :2.“ mgmeray ..

  

 

 

