 
   

 
 

  

   
 
 

    
  

 

 

 

 

 » ’ VIZ/7‘
*“4 new mm
’5” SURPRISE! FM
9
I. " _ .(
c e

 

   
   
 
     
 
       
    
         
      

iv“. "'4 // U

l
a. Ratio-mosaic
 smrmrro Siwkoor
(.1 it" ﬂ'llfmss'WEth/J
 :5" . I  i
‘1‘ '  5.

l

 
 
 

 

it

A
y

 

 

a

. nmrrtv am. warms wscmro ‘ a...“ c‘ ' ‘_  )>
y. melanomas/M rmrﬂmw , k8 »

‘ ~/_ m~ 3:
ﬂ WIT-T0077“? [KW/XE {, ., .
I Ail\ 1’ l

 

 

  
 
  
   

   
  
    
 
 
      
 
     
  
 

for (1155.95 DEHLY
DAMN W HHS
f/IV/Sﬁ/ED HIE fW/mﬂti
NOT WES. .

‘\

 

  
  
  
 
    
   
  

5
I v ’ ~V "3,. ..- "_ ’  - ‘ ‘

 

 

 

 

     
 
   
      
  
   
     
    
 
   
   
  
   
  
 

Student Association & UCB & UAS

l/MD-fOQGED SfEﬂ" ' [Hi/’7
sponsors Q

l Roy Buchanan

starring

‘ Loudon Wainwright

 

TICKETS: For Food & Beer

31. «7/ Tax card 32 for General Public
Tickets on sale today in the SA Contact
Office

Behind C.C. day of concert

Univ. LD.

 

Students Must Bring

Guests MustHave
Proof Of Age

pun!

 

 

only in the

 

 

lNl EVEN‘f OF RAlN. Concert will be held in the Gym. Rain tickets available for tax card holders
Contact Office today. Refunds for food abeer tickets will be arranged.

WWAQPZ

 

 

 

 

_4

 

L ,

L.—
, FAG! tsA

 

uALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

SEPTEMBER 17, 1976

 

 

    

IC

-:':-:«<

I~._.-_.:rnw

   
   
  
  
  
    
    
     
      
      
       
   
       

. nets of himself. He India have had a strong
ommltment to his-group or would not have
alien office. no not diminish this commit-
ent by making him personally responsible
or group funds; for contrary to what is pop-
ularly believed — ti person is not the group he
epresents. '
We applaud Gary Parker's stand on this
bill. It is refreshing to know that we have a
Vice President who does not just sign bills. but
studies them first and fights against them if he
feels they are wrong. Gary should be con-
gratulated for having the courage to stand up
against Central‘Council. We fully support
him on this issue and we call upon
everyone else to do so as well.
Vicki Yudenfriend
— JSC President
Brian Shimkin
— ACT Co-ordinator
Bob Steinberg
—— Colonial Quad President

— Albany State Cinema

. Director

Kate O‘Brien

— Freeze Dried Coffee H ousc
Chairperson

Robin l’lalt

» State Qttad President

Don Whiter

~A» EOPSA President

Paul Somncr

—— Speakers‘ Forum Chairperson
Mary (‘orrigan

-- S-Quad Ambulance Service
Dan Higgins

- Indian Quad President
Jennifer (iross

-~ Dutch Quad Board President

man... on woman

To The Editor:

I'd like to add a messagetoa letter printed in
the September |4th issue of the ASP. It was
entitled “watching women". I cannot disagree
with the author for his appreciation of good
looking individuals. whether male or female.
What i would like to point our is a different
way to look at females.

Women are individuals with rather qtiick
control oftlie cognitive process. In many ways
they are more intelligent aitd sensitive human
beings than males. From my side ol the fence.
they make tremendous friends.

In the past year i had enough fortmate es-
periences to acquire a great res pcct for many
women far greater than I thottgltt could hate
been held by me. liaclt tinte. i started tosee a
hit more of what a woman's world consists of.
Matty of my attitudes have been changed.
through daily dealings with women.

I'd like to see some males try an experiment
i had a chance to go through. l‘ind a female
whom yott are fairly close to. enough so that
thoughts can be freely exchanged. Ask her to
make it two coltttnncd list. (in one side she
should place hcrjoys, being as detailed as she
feels comfortable with. The other side should
contain all her fears involved living ill the body
and role of a female.

A number of steps should be lollotved.
First. discuss the list if you‘d like to interiect a
male's perception of these joys and fears. Try
to find conflicts and similarities between you
on both sides. Next try and take tltat list otl'by
yourself and feel everything wrtttcn down
there. Try to absorb all the emotions involved
with cttch thought. The steps get a little
harder.

NOW. try to walk tiround the podium one
day living those fears andjoys. l‘m not asking
a"llont: to change scxes.just perceptions. fora
day. After you have done this. the only thing
left is to go back to that woman who wrote the
list and speak about all your newly acquired
"‘0"!th and feelings.

My own experience was not that organized.
W We had reached the same destination. as
you Will. hopefully. I opened tip attire tlttiit
ever to the life of a woman. i haven‘t turned

Viewpoint x

homosexual. and I haven't lost any interest in
women. You mayjust find attitudes changing
as your eyes are seeing the world and women
just a bit differently. ‘ 1

Edward Serio

women on women

To the Editor:

We wish to raise strong objections to the
new addition in the ASP. “The Chronicles of
Arsenvald“.Most particularly we object to the
line “He is a soldier. not some whimpering
female." We must take exception to this com-
parison. The line is degrading and insulting.
not only to us as people. but. as women atten-
ding tt university for the betterment of
ourselves and the furtherance of our careers.

We feel that the ASP. as an organ ofthis un-
iversity and the voice of the students. should
not further propagandizc attitudes which have
already proven to be to our detriment.

We hope that (IS. Santino and Valdis
Semeiks will take our letter into considera-
tion. and Mable tltc l'ttll implications of what
they are saying in the future.

Thank you lor your cooperation.

Ellen lirotman
Melody Friedenthal

social or academic

To the Editor:

Each year. the ASI’ carries a debate con-
ceritcd with tlte relative merits ofschool work
versus other "social" activities. Greg Lessne
said. “I am particularly concerned with the
neglect for the emotional aspects that occurs
due to the preoccupation withtheacadcmic."

Contrary to popular belief. I do not sense
academic preoccupation at SUNYA. it is true
that the library is often crowded. However.
mttch of the preoccupation centers on grades.
Many students art interested in employment
or graduate school admission. There is no
great surplus of critical thought. There is not
an overwhelming desire to examine the issues
that face our society for their own sake.
(‘ollege has become ll rubber stamp. an agent
of certification.

As the number of college graduates in-
creases. the valtie of a college diplonttt
declines. It‘s no Wonder that many students
leel empty ttitd alienated. Whyshottltl students
study when they doubt the worth of their
diploma and the relevanceol theiretlucalioii'l

l|o\ve\cr. this is a untterstty. I do not
helicte that the mere presctise of ti student at a
tiitnersity educates ltim her. In order lor the
degree to lllL‘llll anything at all (other tltaii lo
cttiploycis and graduate schools). we must
maintain high standards and qttalitysct'viccs.

We all hate problems of social adjustment.
llottctcr. they don‘t stem lrom “academic”
preoccupation for lack of it). Rather. they oc-
ctii because he ate pcoplcgoitig tlirotiglt great
periods ol change iti our lites in thccoittext of
ii \ilL'lUl)‘ \\‘lllL‘ll is ttiisuie ol its values and
pi tot tiles and is ltllcd \villi h_\ pocrisy. l‘lll'lllCr.
| dotibt that the Ralliskellcris the place to find
solutions to our problems.

llic tlL'L'hlilll to stitin iiitist be it personal
oiic lhosc “Itosttidyti lot are not better peo-
ple than those \\ ho don‘t and \ice versa, l’eo-
pic .iit- dillctctu and should be alloucd to
den-lop thctiiseltcs accordingly. it is not the
place ol the stiidicr or non-stttdier to ci'ttict/e
ciicli titltet's life styles,

lhcit-toic. I hope \\L' can drop this debate
.ttc on utore itiiporlanl and in-
cltisoc issues such as the questionable
priorities ol "the mission" of iltls‘tllllVUl‘Sliy
and of highei cdticattonattd society tngcnerttl.

Wtirrcit (ioldcnberg

tityl coiicciiti

   

 
  
      
   
 
     

The Albany Student Press lt't‘lt'fllilt’s letters
to the editor. Letters into! In! typewritten,
trlplc-s/mccil, and .rt'gnerl. Nantes will be
withheld (Ill rt't]llt’.l'l. I'leto'c brltig or send
letters In ('iinipto' Center Room J29 by
Wctliinirliii'tiir publication Ill the Friday
tit-rm- am] by Sunday for the 'liwsrlay issue.

1

 

 

’  : ..:

it is unreasonable for Student Association to'eitpect its‘g’roups‘”
ficers to sign a doc'un'tent'which may hold them" personallyaccotr ‘ 
for overspent budgets—budgets that some group leaders don even
have total control 'over. Unforseen circumstancesand resulting cape
ditures might easily throw azgroup's budget into'theired. evenif the
ficer responsible acts competently. V ' v' 7 ' '

‘ SA officials have not clearly defined the boundries ofthis  -:
liability. Who determines when a group officer will be charyd with ' 3
overspending a budget and subsequently prosecuted? Who do they bring 7' , ’ 5

these charges to? Would any such legal action stand up incourt7-SAV‘can-,

not expect group officers to comply with a clause in finance policy that ' '_ 7 v

nobody fully understands. .

Some SA officials claim that the document will make the group of-
ficers read the finance policy carefully and scrutinize their budget
However, it appears to be fostering distrust instead of dedication, am-
biguous threats rather than concrete guidelines. The document is not in-
spiring group officers to spend their money carefully, it is scaring them
into not spending all of their money.

. . . Without Proper Planning

Student government must examine the ramifications of a bill before
passing it into law. it is apparent that this was not done.

Student government must consult those most likely to be affected by a
bill before passing it into law. it is apparent that this was not done either.

SA plans to revise its finance policy. The new version must provide for
fairness as wellas control. it must include concrete guidelines, not vague
threats of legal reprisal. Otherwise it will end up where the most recent
version did—in the dumpster.

LATEST NEWS FROM CHINA

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
     
     
  
  
  
   
  
 

 

   
 
 

  
 

  

    
  
 

 

   
    
  
    
   

...— s-r-a.“ .

 

