 

 

 

 

 I.  §    icomment

’ An Ivy-Leak School

by Indian lava-on

Students are forced to make important
decision daily. Should you wear your green
parka or new blue denim jacket. hit the
Ratskeiler orcheek out the Partridge Pub. use
cream or Cremora? '

Despite today's seemingly-complex
problems, they‘re all rather simple compared
to those you will encounter after graduation.
The rite of passage into society’s mainstream is
accompanied by great financial responsibility
and little guidance from others.

This pending freedom is scary, what will the
future hold? By senior year, your anxieties
concerning the future may increase. You must
make important choices in a relatively short
time. What will you do? Where and how will
you live?

Perhaps you‘ve considered dropping all of
your final semester's courses and entering
SUNYA‘s Five-Year-Plan. Or, you may have

toyed with the idea of postponing the in- ‘

evitable by changing your major. I know I‘ve
given it some thought. But. it does seem that
it‘s time to get out of college and enter the real
world.

However, if I‘m to join the ranks of the
working class. I want a job that will pay well.
Let's say. twenty thousand per year. I want a
job that‘s respected, enables me to help people.
and lets me maximize my potential:

That's why I decided to become a plumber.

Plumbing is a highly skilled craft. vitally
needed to maintain the health and comfort of
the entire United States.Plumbers get to
travel, work in a variety of locations, and help
promote cross-cultural knowledge by visiting
different folks“ homes.

During house calls. you're treated with
deference. You’re offered food. drink. and
other amenities. You mull over the particular
problem (frequently cxclaiming “Ah-bah"
while scratching your head) making it look
serious. Then you pour some Drano from an
unmarked jar. ‘

Of course. sometimes you really have toﬂx
something. and must show expertise. Because
plumbing is a very complicated business, lear-
ning enough about it to actually repair a
broken pipe or leaky faucet is difficult. It re-
quires a long period of apprenticeship.

Because of the many advantages the plum-
bing profession offers. many people are will~
ing to endure the long and arduous training.
There is a widening gap between the number
of aspiring plumbers. and the limited job
market. Who will get into plumbing school?

Which applicants will eventually earn their
P.D. (Doctor of Plumbing) Degree? '

' In order to enable schools to sekct those
candidates with the highest aptitude for plum-
bing, all applicants must take the three and a
half hour PSAT (Plumber School Admission
Test). To score Itighiy on the exam, Ienrolled
in Stanley Kaplan‘s PSAT Prep Course. It
cost three hundred dollars. but I felt that wasa
small price to pay for acceptance into plum-
bing school.

The day of the test. I awoke early and dress- ‘

ed hurriedly. I was nervous yet confident. forl
knew that I was as well prepared as possible.
After grabbinga jar of Maxwell House Instant
Coffee, my test ID card, and a No.2 wrench. I
left for the test center.

Once there, I ingested plenty of cafﬁene—
gobbling down spoonfuls of instant coffee.
Too late, I realized I should have brought a
danish.

It was a tough test. There were many dif-
ficult questions. each requiring an answer
within a very limited amount of time. The
pressure was intense; forty minutes after the
exam‘s start. a woman sitting to my right pass-
ed out in her seat. Soon after. someone in the
front row began screaming. They putthe poor
bastard in a straight jacket and dragged him
out of the room . . . crack ups are nothing
new to the PSAT proctors. who are also fur-
nished with large contingency doses of
Thorazine.

During the rest period. halfway through the
exam. I shared a cigarette with a friend. “You
know." he confided, “I‘m not going to last
through another hour of this." I told him to
relax and offered hima spoonful ofmy instant
coffee. But he just turned away saying. "It's
OK, I never really wanted to be a plumber
anyway—it was all my father‘s idea. Actually.
I'd rather work at Woolworth’s."

Sure enough. he couldn't finish the test. Ten
minutes into the Logical Piping Section. he
freaked out. To this day all he‘s good for is
changing washers, having never really
recovered from the ordeal.

As for me. I finished the test. In fact, i
scored high enough to attract Harvard. You
can guess how happy I am to have been
accepted by a prestigious institution like Har—
vard Plumbing School—besich its con-
venient location (I200 Western Avenue)
makes travel to and from classes easy.

Sure its a difficult school. but when you're
specializing in Corporate Plumbing. you've
got to be willing to work hard.

Placement Tips

If you are a senior this year, one ofthe op-
tions you might be considering is graduate
school. In order to enter certain professional
fields. such as medicine. dentistry or law.
graduate work is a necessity. However. if your
plans are less deﬁnite. or your career field is
one where the nccd for an advanced degree is
less apparent. you may be wondering iffurther
study is for you. lfso. it may behelprI toin-
vestigatc some possible programs.

Recruiters for some graduate schools will be
at SUN YA in the comingrnonths. To ﬁnd out
more about the recruitment schedule and
arrange for an interview time please contact
the Placement Ofﬁce (AD 135 between 8:30
and 5:00, Monday through Friday. Recruiters

from the following schools will be visitingthe
following dates:

October i2: Union Collcgc. institute of Ad-
ministration and Management.

October Is: New York University,
(iraduate School of Ans and Sciences.

November 1: Syracuse University. School
of Management.

November 4: The University of Rochester,
Graduate School of Management.

If you decide to apply to a graduate
program. the application procedure will
probably require references. More specific in-
formation on setting up a credentials file is
available in our office.

Another reason to stop by the Placement
Service is to obtain a copy of the College
I’Iut't'mt'nI Annual. I 977. which is available to
all seniors while the supply lasts. This is the of-
ficial occupational directory of the College
Placements Council. providing information
on positions customarily offered to college
graduates by major employers across the na-
tron.

lethtrs

Viewpoint

edhoﬁal

L

 

 

 

F

 

less for LFF

To the Editor:

After being informed that the budget for
Lesbians For Freedom. which Central Coun-
cil passed. was vetoed by SA President Steve
DiMco. I went to his office to ﬁnd out why.

I was informed by him that Central Council
had made a mistake in approving the amount
which was originally allotted to us; and that if
his veto was not overturned, I Would have to
come up with a new streamlined budget.

Our original budget called for an income
line of Sl.l05 for a group of 30 active
members. This boils down to $36.80 per per—
son per year. If you rcmcm her. we pay $66 per
person per year in student taxes. This leaves
$29.20 unaccounted for. Where is this money
going?

Granted. it takes money to run the student
government. but not 529.20 per person. At
least a fairly good portion of- the remaining
money is going toward straight movies.
straight parties. straight dances. etc. As a les-
bian I‘mnot very happy about having such a
large portion of my student tax goingtowards
the support of straight activities.

As it stands now. we have just enough
money for one trip. three movies. four dances
and a small amount of publicity (S70 to be ex-
act). If our budget is cut, it will mean

' rightfully deserve. Anything less than our

eliminating the trip. a movie, and probany
two dances. It seems to me that after paying
SL980 in student taxes, LFF deserves more
than two movies and two dances.

While I am not anti-straight by any means.
we must considerthe fact that LFF is the only
group on campus that gears its activities
towards lesbians. Every other group. with the
exception of Gay Alliance. gears its activities
towards heterosexuals. I realize that on this
campus, heterosexuals comprise the majority
ofthe student body, but I'd likcto fch that 3st
minority. We‘re going to get the money lltiil we

original budget would not only force us locur-

tail our_ already reduced schedule of events.

but would also force us to continue to put
more than our fair share.

('ntmcn I’Into

l'rcnsurcr ol [li-

dear junior,

Dear Junior:

l received your letter \in the 151' ml
September i4, I976. lam sad indeed lllrtl \Iitl
are finding your classes “prctty bonny"
thought you had a much stronger th'\llL' to
further your education. It you did. you
wouldn't find classes boring It just It‘llt‘t'h
how unmotivntcd you are and blame that on
yourself. not your teachers or your \t‘ltrurl
How can you have so much studying to do ll

 

j

 

 

“YESVIRGINIA’
THERE _l_§ A
coumsus 0M.“

i \\\.\\ i

 

classes are so boring? Does the" library have to
be open 24 hours a day to accommodate you?
Your high school library was only open during
school hours and our county library likewise
has limited hours. So what's your problem?

Do you recall us checking out private
schools and the cost was so prohibitive. we
were delighted that you were accepted at
SUNYA? If you feel that private school will
teach you much more for the tuition they get,
why not plan to transfer and get ajob to help
pay the extra cost? I think if you were busier,
you wouldn't find so much time to complain.
knock everyone and everything. and you
would be a much happier person.

It seems cventhe vending machines give you
it hassle. Why not stop at the nearby market
and pick up a supply of soda. candy
cigarettes. etc. so you don't have to resort to
inanimate objects to satisfy your demands?
You did always have complaints about food at
home so I‘m not surprised that you are ripping
up the SUNYA kitchens too. ltjust wouldn't
be you.

I‘ve spokento some other parents and they
claim their children are living quite normally
on campus and not as pack rats. Could you be
the rat inthe pack? When was the last time you
ever saw that your room or the toilct was clean
after your use? In college it‘s time you cleaned
up after yourself. It scents rats always find rats
to keep them company. I‘m sorry i couldn‘t
lollow you to college to contintic cleaning up
nltcr you. Grow up son and learn to look after
yourself. Stop knocking everyone for not
brtbying you along anymore. You arc in
college now. which is a stepping stone to
adulthood. and I hope you will take a more
optimistic outlook and see if you can‘t shape
up.

Last but not least. you know drugs. like all
kinds of diseases. nrejust as readily available
\tlrcrc you came lrom its at SUNYA. So why
men bring this up? There are responsible peo-
ple on campus who are constantly fightingthis
battle and trying to educate young people to
the hazards and pitfalls of drugs. but unfor-
tunntcly these students have small. Closed
minds like you. who feel you have all the
answers to life.

I will write but I won‘t send nchcck. I think
you lrnvc too much time on your hands and if
you could get a part time job to supplement
your school work. you might make out bcttcr.
and appreciate what SU N YA has to offer you.

Shape tip Son; or ship out. SUNYA has
limited space and someone would love to have
yours.

(loud luck.

Love,

M om

braving
the

bulldozer ?

To the Editor:

What a provocative drama the parking lot
protest has become. ()ur clcven selfless
Albany students risked their future job securi-
ly in a touching exhibition of nuirtyrdom.
'l'hcy braved the bulldozcr they scorned the
police record. and then heroicly returned. cs-
Citiling the jaws of jail. unscathed and vic-
lorious.

lwnsu't the only one moved to tears. Such a
display of noble spirit even managed to illicit
memories of Martin Luther King .lr. and
Judge chgun.

Unfortunately, unslutkttblc faith has never
stayed with me for long. Who in fact. if
anybody. was victorious?

Did the protest reach its immediate goal?
Obviously not. The parking lot is being built.

Did it dispel the notion of strident apathy‘.I
Probably not. Eleven students out of
thousands can only be viewed its fanatics.

Did it improve the relationship between
students undthe administration? Possibly. but

 

 

 

[niikely President Fields failed to even take

the trouble to deal outright with the1
protesters.

Did it unify the student body? Was it ashow
of student strength and power? Une-
quivocably no. In face, itrevealedthe opposite:
lack of organization. lack of foresight,
divisiveness. and pitiful leadership.

Who indeed was victorious? The egos of the
eleven students were. along with the ad-
ministration and romanticism.

Robert Berry

ISA helps

To the Editor:

Have you ever been abroad? Then you
know how lost you can feel sometimes. and
how much other people‘s kindness means to
you. Also, the way in which people you meet
act toward you will influence your opinion.
not only of them. but of the whole country.

Most certainly you have met an Inter-
national Student at SUNYA. There are 350 of
us. Our own organization, the International
Student Association (ISA) is very important,
for helping members with problems. for
arranging trips around the States and for
organizing parties.

Due to the severe economic situation. the
SUNYA advisement to foreign students has
unfortunately been cut back. Officially. we do
not have a Foreign Student Advisor any
longer. The ISA budget has been cut back
from about $7.600 to $2,700. Atsome schools.
organizations like the ISA do not exist any
morc.

Even with these limitations, ISA this year
will try to make the “international Night“
happen. Held on November 7. this event is one
of our main ones, where we try to contribute
some information about our home countries.
their cultures. and their people‘s views oflifc.
Everyone is welcome to join our activities. If
you would like to know anything more about

ISA. please come and see us in our office. CC
335. We need your support to survive.
Carina Sinclair

worried women

To the Editor:

As a voice of the women on this campus. I
am concerned with the inadequate lighting on
campus. 1 lound the article in last Friday‘s
.AlSI’ quite ollcnsrvc. It seems to me that peo-
plc are more interested in saving dollars than
people's satiety.

It is totally absurd that the proper lighting
npparntus is installed. but not utili/cd. I find
Mr. I)cVoc‘s statement that people should not
be out later tlutn 2:30 ridiculous. Time is not
the point. lor it scents to mcthttt the timc a per-
son chooses to come in is strictly ttn individual
multcr. Who is he to tell people when they
should come ml! Mr. Williams preaches tltttt
worncnshould not panic. I would liketoknow
]Ilhl how snle he would feel having a loved one
walking around on a campus where there have
been attempted rapes and successful ones.
'l’lrcn we'd sce II he would worry. Wli WAN'I'
MORIE l.l(ill'l iNti!

Sincerely.

l‘rightened Women

 

The Albany Student Press welcomes letters
It) Ilte editor. Lei/err must be typewritten.
Irlplt'-.t'pu('t'tl. and signed. Names will be
withheld on request. Please bring or send
let/err to Campus Center Room 329 by
Wednesday for publication In the Friday
issue and l) y Sunday for the 'l'uesda y Issue.

Public Policy vs. The Arts

As a traditional outpost of progressive thought, the university is a
place where diversity is encouraged. Among its goals are the increase of ”
knowledge in the Arts and Sciences and providing for society‘s needs.
Fields’ proposed mission statement attempts to direct itself to this last
goal while ignoring the first.

Redistribution of faculty lines in favor of the Graduate School of
Public Affairs, Business Administration, Criminal Justice and the like
has meant a reduction of course offerings in the Humanities. At a
University Senate hearing yesterday SUNYA President Emmett B.
Fields was quoted as saying “I can’t see any way to strip down
departments for the sake of augmenting public policy." He can‘t? The
following cuts in Humanities were made by the Fields administration
last spring: Art History — Masters and Bachelors terminated;
Comparative Literature — Masters and Bachelors terminated;
Environmental Studies —— terminated completely; Classics — Doctoral
terminated; French — Doctoral terminated; Romance Language ——
Ph.D. terminated; lines cut from English, French, Theatre/Music,
Afro-American Studies, Puerm Rican Studies.

Fields apparently believes that the elimination of these programs in
favor of achieving his public policy mission is a worthwhile sacrifice.
However, Fields mission plan has done the students an injustice. By
limiting exposure to the arts and other humanities he has denied some
the right to a well-rounded education. Exposure to man’s creative
endeavors is essential to a thriving society. Secondary schools have
decreased their emphasis on the arts, thus it is critical that higher
education fill the void.

“Although less spectacular than issues of civil rights or the relief of
poverty, the arts have an important place in man’s quest for fulfillment
and for the improvement of the quality of the physical and social
environment. They are not merely an accessory which may be used to fill
the leisure hours of an afﬂuent society." —Seym0ur Slive, in a report on
the visual arts in education.

“Time is collapsing upon us . . . we must rid ourselves of self-
indulgencc." “Emmet! 8. Fields, speaking at yesterday's University
Senate hearing.

 

Quote of the Day:
Public policy is a search lor reality where it doesn't exist.
— Bernard Jolmpull.
Professor of Political Science.
.t'pt'tl/s‘lllf.’ (II ,t'ei'lcrr/uy'r Uni vurslly Sena/c Meeting

 

 

é ssh

.lI/tS'I‘IIE/i D STA F I"
STEPHEN DZINANKA

“Pence Rxooro
CvN‘rru/t HACINLI
thisz HoLzaerto
Loursr; MARKS
ELLEN FINE
Iovcr FEIUENIIAUM
NAUMI FRIEDLANDER, STEPHEN EISENMAN
Mu’rrtew KAUFMAN

MIKE PIEKARSKI
Fn Moses

Lrsx Brtano. DAN GAINES
“mm CAIIILL
ElLI-ZIEN DUGGAN
MICHAEL J. ARDAN

I-lnrrorr m ciuu
MANMHM. ml'mn
News ruin--
Assocr A11: Nrws rDlTl-n
I'nonucrum Mmu'rn
Assucrxrr raooucrrou Mum's-
EDITORIAL PAGES mm"-
Armi Jr. ruruars 
Assoctnt ARTS cotton
Serum EDITOR
ASSOCIATE sroars EDIT‘W
Anvvansmu “mus-Is
Assocrnr snvvkrrsmr; MANAGER
CLASSIFIED-GRAFFITI Mwu'rn
BUSINLSS Mmu‘rn

 

 

 

:t.l‘. tit Zodiac News: Alicc Kuhn. Robert Kwnrttt

.87qu writers: Bruce Connolly. Jocl Fcld, Jonathan Levenson. Paul Rosenthttl

Preview: Nancy Emerson

Iii/ling Acr'uunlrtm: Carol Cotriss

I’u_t'rull munugr'r: Ellen Fine

(outpost/ion managers: Ellen lloiscu, Patrick McGlyun

(‘unrpmnmn production: Jeff Aronowitz. Ilene Pfciffer. Amy Sours

llcud I_l'/)l.i'l.' Leslie Eisenstein

I'rmlut'rion: Rene Altman. Marc Arkind. Sally Ann Brecher. Karen Cooper. Joan Ellsworth.
lrcnc Firmrrt. Judi lleitncr. Sally Jugust. Dave Katz. Vicki Kurtzman. Denise Mason.
Debbie Ringer. Joan Silvcrblutt. Laurie Studwell. Stu Vincent, Jody Wilner

Advertising production: Joyce Bella. Kelly Kita, Debbie Kopf. Janet Meunler, Meg Roland

Adnn'niura/iw' Arm/am: Mikc Forbes

The Albany Student Press is published ever y Tuesday and Friday during [liq school year except
holidays. Editorial policy is the responsibilil y of the Editor-tn-Chlcf. and 1: subject to "View by
lllt’ Masthead Stuff Muln office.- Cantth Center. Room 329. Telephon-lﬂ-B”). Adttm mall

 

 

to: Albany Student Press. CC .129. 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany. New York 12222.

 

 

 

 

 

