 

 

 

 

    

V‘ Fields  I _ yg r-
ning board to'dlscuss‘ the fitture'of

 in thecollege of Arts and Sciences.
_ Asi . , .
r ’d "n for the school'.

‘  lrithenatheofliberal

and _ r
The problem as Fields sees it. is

TofExplode on filth r

The Peoplay ﬁcentcnnial Cont-

, mission unannounced plansto hold

' a July  rally at tbeCspitol building
in‘ Washinﬂongfpn  . .

leaders say the purpose for the

rally will lie-“to callfor a new move-

meru in America to challenge the

 

Peoples Illeentennlsl

 

power of the democratic promise of
social, political, and economic
jttstice set forth in the Declaration of
Independence.”

The July 4 celebration. which
might turn out to be the largest
economic rally in the nation‘s

T h u n d e I Hi 11
Wilderness Camping

Students 10% discount
(on sites and tent rentals)
Parties. barbeques, beer par-
ties
may be held
Red Barcomb

Boa 94L
Rensellearvllle. N.Y., 12147
797-5178
797-9681

 

 

 

 

history, will begin‘at-sunrise with a

service commemorating‘the 8.000}
war dead of the American Revolu-

tion. After the service, to be held at
the Arlington Natioal Cemetery.
there will be a march to the Capitol
building. to continue the rest of the
rally. ' '

Among the speakers at the rally
will be environmentalist Dr. Barry
Commoner, community activist and
former Goldwater speech writer
Karl Hess and Carole Tucker-
Foreman, director of the Consumer
Federation of Americal. Besides
these speakers. other prominent
entertainers and folksingers will also
be on hand. '

 

 

out n... I... mommy J . . '

is“ not structured.”there is no

r The Arts and; Sciences (A a S)
College ' is divided into three
departments, . Humanities. Social
Science, and the Natural'Sciences.
Each has three separatedeans and
budgets. Students needs are discuss-
ed on a departmental level. This. ac-
cording to Fields, tends to eliminate

 
 
   

   



. .

   

 

, . "nun nan 
“list the that herein 
' Ash an it was...

 

 

any degree of collegiality.
ass Council Chairman Arnold
Foster saysthat the problem is, “We
have one college and three deans.”
Last month the Council met to
consider the restructuring of the un-
dergraduate degree program which

might result in the dissolution of the '

AAS College; A return to some
system of requirements for all
students was also suggested. Up to
now. there has been only general
departmental requirements.

Fields said, “The decision this
summer to eliminate the dean from
the college was a narrow decision."
He said,“lt wasn't necessarily a deci-
sion that we would be organized in a
different way.“ He said this move

was taken because resources were
scant.

Fields said.'- “Reorganization of
the College of Arts and Sciences into
three divisions is a good way to go
for us." He said, “There has been a
shortcomingin the baccalaureate ex-
perience. which by its deﬁnition is

devoted as much tobreadth as depth."

Liberal Learning

Fields stressed, “The idea of
liberal learning and what it is. is the
grandest idea in Man's history." He
suggested an idea that he called “the
remoteness principal.“ A student
would undertake as his second field
of study. a subject as far removed

‘ Radio Ihae ®

AN EXTRAORDINARY REALISTIG®
STEREO SYSTEM AT 999° OFF!

from. hismajor as possible. This
would establish more bledthoflcar-
ning. Hopefully. Fields said this
Would make a better student and
citizen. -

A Council Chairman Foster. noted
that the impetus for change resulted
from some of the complaints made
by students. He said. “I kept hearing
from students who want more struc-
ture from the program. If we give a
degree, it should be a lcgilimtttc
degree.“

A lack of concertsus and
cohesiveness in Arts and Scicncu
will be the main targets of concern
for the next Council meeting.

 

  

Science 'L'IMa’gzine is ‘tiut  thﬂ

bizarre suggestion that the infammi
Salem witch trials of l692 werecsw‘
ed by the fact" that many ‘S’alem
residents were unknowingly stoned
on a chemical similar to LSD.
The highly respected scientific
journal, ln‘an article publishedby a

Barbara researcher. says there is
overwhelming evidence that many
Salem residents may have been
hallucinating on a fungus called

“er ot".
ccording to psychology
researcher, Linnda Caporael. ergot
is a fungus that commonly con-
taminated rye several centuries ago.
Caporael writes that ergot poisoning
resulted in powerful hallucinogenic
effects—similar to those produced
by L.S.D. along with disturbances
in skin sensations and dizziness.
Caporael suggests that the
suspected victims of witch curses in

   

University of California at Santa ‘

Salem—in some cases, entire

families—wrongly believed gfth’ey1

were possessed because they began

to imagine strange things and their .

skin began pricking with pain. V

The result. she writes. is'that un-
popular or unorthodox Salem
residents were tried and executed as
witches under the belief they had east
evil spells.

     

aurocursmépan

If you’re one ofthose people who
dislike certain cuts on a particular
album—or if you simply like to hear
the songs on an album in a different
order—there's good news for you.

A London company. B.S.R., is

out with a new record turntable that I

automatically selects just the cuts

 

The coach is waiting for his next beer.
The pitcher is waiting for her first bra.
The team is waiting for a miracle.

Consider the possibilities.

WALTER
MATTHAU

 

you want to hear. ,

B.S.R. offers an automated arm I,

that uses an infrared scanner to
count each track on the side. of an
album being played. 3! Punchl“! I
few buttons ahead of time. you can
' tell the machine to avoid any tracks
you don‘t want to hear, to play the
cuts you like. and even jump back
I. s 'I

1.,
I

     

  

and forth to certain songs.

B.S.R. says that its automatic arm
can handle up to 24 separate com-
mands at one time, and keeptrack of
as many as 13 tracks on each side of
an album. One drawback is that the
turntable alone sells for about $600.

DAILY SHAVERS
For whatever it’s worth. it‘s been
calculated that approximately 600
million men-«outside of the Soviet
Union. China and lndiawshavc
their faces almost daily.
if this doesn't mean muchto you it
does to the Gillette. Wilkinson.
Schick and Personals companies.
The four corporations alone shave
off about $560 million front con-
sumch pocket hooks. selling them
10 billion ralor hlndcs annually.

 
 

 

“remnant v

Two mass communications

specialists contend that too much ‘~

televisionis transforming America
into a fearful. distrustful. and even
paranoid iociety.

George Gerbner and Larry Gross
of the Annenberg School of Com-

 

‘ munications in Philadelphia saythat

a nationwide survey of T.V.
watchers has found that heavy
viewers develop a distorted view of
reality and the world. "

The two researchers. writing in
Psychology Today. state that televi-
sion viewers tend to see the world as
a far more evil. dangerous or sinister
place than it really is — and that
many live with the constant fearthey
are about to be mugged or
murdered.

Gerbner and Gross report their
survey found that half of all 12-year-
old sampled currently watch televi-
sion for six hours per day. A third of

' all adults reportedly watch the tube
for at least four hours daily.

The researchers add that an
analysis of T. V. programming found
that violence and encounters with
police heavily dominatc prime time
hours, far out of proportion to any
real life situations.

Gerhncr and Gross suggest since
many crime shows are set in big
citics. television may inspire the fear
that is causing the middle-class to
leave the cities. They add this fear
may also bring increasing demands
for police protection and the election
of so-callcd law-and-order
politicians

 

   
 

- patriotic eyesore.

 

 

ATTENTION WSUA STAFF MEMBERS!

WW
Nominations for the position of WSUA Station
Manager/or I 976-197 7 will continue to be accepted
until noon, Tuesday, April I3. For information,
contact Ira Goldstein at WSUA. The election will be

held at the general staff meeting on May 3.

 

 

 

    

      

 

had converted their ho I .
White pointed out that Slnpr had '
adorned the roof of his on house'
with 13 flag poles painted red. white.
and blue. with flags draping from
them. The neighbor had also erected
a 70-foot red. white and blue tower
in his yard. and had painted weight-
by sixteen foot American llagon his
roof. ’ ,
In addition. Singer had painted
the palm tree inthe front yard red.
white and blue and draped it with
flags; and had even placed a cattle

 

 

irough in the front yard, painted
(naturally) red. white and blue.

Singer had also installed a
founatin shooting water 20 feet into
the air; lighted thc home, yard.trees.
roof and towers with “thousands of
lights“; and installed a speaker
system to play patriotic music.
reportedly sometimes until the early
morning hours.

TAX MIRSTAKES

11' you need help on your tax
return, don‘t look to the internal
Revenue Service for assistance.

The House Government
Operations Subcommittee reports
that II reecnt study has found the
l.R.S. answers one out of every four
tax questions from taxpayers in-
correctly: and that three of every
four returns tilled out with l.R.S.
hcl contain errors.

 

       

 

 

 
 
    
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
   

 

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

  

   
   

: : Mama Nina s l
I | I
l I 1
I I l
I l t
I
Paramount l’iclurcs l’rcscnls I I . . I
' ASTANLEY RJAl-‘l-‘E PRODUCTION | R‘s" ' ‘ 1 d Cit _ i I’Izlzerla - Restaurant |
You have something to AMICHAEL BITCH“; F|LM I  ‘I‘i’r‘m d" d "9” | 791 Madison Ave. Albany, N.Y. I
share withthe people I 30" Mdd'fO" AVC- Albany. ‘N-Y- | Open 7 Days. “:00 am to 2:00 am I
 ma]  and "Q00"? SODBI'ITQ    I Open 24Fi101::5 :0“ 0B1?“ EMS‘ISEI [LATING I FOR 0N_pREMISE EATING I
Appalachia-yourself. o Realistic STA-225 AMsFM Stereo Items Prlce . . .  ,9 I 0' 'C "'ZESZZCZLVCW‘ "WW I l‘or l’Ick-gpno; Servrce I
t ' Find out singlet :‘o'egtvo; wrth Auto-Magtc® | Tim ad gout/for $.50 discount I my ad gain/for s. 50 discount l
“358mm” 1' Re I't' o t' 55 WI s ‘
pﬂest 3mm 0.- srster, 0 we 0 ts to p Imus- a nut
' ' Veneer Floor Speaker Systems . m“,   
fummfiaeeviiihog‘lgmnogbngingpms’ Alwsmmngv'c 0f Prospective Law Students
5 nm - '
signers-write o Realistic LAB-100 Manual Turntable, m W""°""’:'TIALNLL‘::?JS::I: A Representative of the College of Law
GLENMARY. Room I15 one. Dust Cover. $39.95 Value  "°“ "" V ‘ p""’““°""’ ' NANDO VALLEY
acumen nuptialcmmg. am It I] .........,n.cnn.mn.. UNIVERSITY OF SAN FER
ClnClnnOll,   _ "um A “ / Mtthic AduplCtlllyJEm   be in New York  from May 8 to May ls' 
D 3'33 3593333633336». _ "cr'lﬁ'ar‘P'Tf'f'." "9"" " '- ' For appointment contact Leo L. Mann. USFV, 8353 Sepulveda Blvd.
Poster, Shown Above. There's Only On. Place You Can Find It . . . Radio Shack. iPGii-m  -_. Sepulvedav Califmni“ 91343. TcL # 2‘3'394‘57‘ ‘-
12] Send free poster only.
' Exclusive Showing!!!
. Nome COLON” sﬂo'nuc CENT“ WESTGATE suopPlNG CENTER H...” Nightly at 7:00. 9:05 The College of Law offers a full-time 3 year day program as well as part-time day
OPEN itAON ‘59:??0 9 30 438.8070 M E 1 2 3 4 5 6 and evening programs. y
me” ~' - mm»: Nu. OPENMON.-SAT.10 . -.-9 ,, - - - - - i
s .3 I .5 CENTRAL ‘VE a m Pm ‘mL-l E  1111113.] The school is fully accredited by the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar
cm W 435.1141 ' WW "M n; t. s .' til mmmwn MAll . .n mm of California and has officially applied for approval by the American Bar
Zip Aoe_.__..._.— , OPEN WEBKDAYS 9 a m _ 9 P m SAT 9 “a 5 ‘ “5:: for ail-W" Association. The school cannot predict when or if such approval will be obtarned.
' -————_— n . '- I ' p pJ-iir'rtcsa mv vsnv Al mowrouAt stones
pass soon ALBANY STUDENT mass ' APRIL 9' 1976 APRIL 9, 1976 ALBANY STUDENT pREss PAGE FIVE

 

