MM, ..l.mmwssw§¢s V

Mamas-t...» 1.... rut-«rug...» ..a .

‘rvitesutitoun  ‘ V .
- More serious than it perhaps at first seems,
tob‘e. th‘e‘dam'age caused by. the collapse of

i’ college gradingtstandards during the past
decade has alreadykbeen too longig'nored.
Quite simply: too, many students are receiving

too many A's and. 0’s. and—less obviously.
and a much nastier topic to boot-very few
students, no matter how incompetent. are be-
ing ﬂunked.‘ '

Probably nobody has ever accused the
American university of overusing common
sense or indeed. of even using it at all.

Presumably the bastion of the rational mind. ‘

the university ,is itself frequently run
irrationally. And grade inﬂation provides a
case in point. For (extremely unusual
situations aside). when over half the students
receive A‘s and B‘s. the exceptional is no
longer exceptional. and the system of evalua-
tion is rendered meaningless. As Gilbert and
Sullivan observed. when everybody's
somebody. nobody‘s anybody. Or, as Shaw
put it. “In heaven an angel is nobody in par-
ticular."

And let us dismiss at once the idea we
sometimes hear used to account for inﬂated
grades that students are somehow better to-
day. This presupposes that studentsof the past
decade either benefitted from some
miraculous leap forward in the evolutionary
process. or that their precollege teachers
nationwide suddenly developed new and
dazzling techniques that somehow had es-
caped other teachers for thousands of years.
Suspicious hypotheses. these.

I recall listening at a teacher‘s workshop to
one professor explain his gradingscale ascon-
sisting of A. B. C, and “No Credit.“ F5 and
D‘s. he held. were somehow punitive—though
he never got around toexplaininghow a grade
of “No Credit” differed from an F. or how a C
in his system wasn‘t as "punitive" as the

" _'tradqitidnal’l§.-“Wefre an humanist: lickept
saying. impl'ying’th’at therefore we should all _

grade easily. ‘ ~ . .
.I have yet to discover whose humanism this
professor had in mind; but the idea that no one

.must fail is at best unrealistic. Besides
providing rather a dubious definition of

success, such an idea is damaging to a
student‘s intellectual growth. For. like other
people, students tend to come up to the stan-
dards set for them. Lower, standards. or
abolish them altogether. and—educational
pop psychology theories or no—in most cases
the result will be lower performance.

of course such reasoning carries with it far
too great a burden of common sense to be of
use to the university. Yet we see this sort of
reasoning used elsewhere quite frequently.
othen in far more mundane setting. In a re-
cent advertisement an international airline
emphasizes its rigid standards for selecting
pilots; imagine your reaction to this airline if
its ad were to read: “We letth about anyone
ﬂy our planes." But. that. in effect. is what
happens in college when virtually anything
handed in is passed not because it is actually
college-level work. but. rather, simply because
it is handed in.

-If a person is toimprove his mind in college.
then the college must necessarily be deman-
ding. It must require that students come up to
legitimate academic standards. rather than ad-
just itself ——as it is now doing—to the level of
the students. No instructor could amble out to
the football ﬁeld and say.“Coach. I'dsure like
to make the squad. Trouble is. l'mslow. weak,
and overweight—think your guys could ease
up a little when they hit me and let me score a
touchdown once in a while?" And yet. because
college had become reasonably easy. this is
precisely what students have been led to
expect—that if something‘s too tough for
them. well, we‘ll make it easier. This is why

departmental chairmen "hear students ’com-
plain not that a teacher is incompetent. but
math is “too difﬁcult.” that his standards are
somehow “too high” (though it is seldom if
ever explained in relation to what the stan-
dards are too high). ' .

Unfortunately. improving academic stan-
dards significantly probably isn't feasible to-

day for that grossest of reasons. money. The '

nation's college and universities are scratching
as desperately as the rest of us to stay aﬂoat
ﬁnancially, so administrators aren't likely to
beam with delight upon those instructors who
do uphold standards. For to 'many ad-
ministrators. students are monetary units, and
if they start gettinglow grades and quitting or
ﬂunking out or transferring to easier schools.
then the instructors who are “too tough" are
thought to bs costing the school money. In-
deed, the governor of a state I once taught in
delivered an address-which was distributed to
the faculty of our state university-
acknowledging the seriousfinancial dificulties
of the state's educational program and saying
that the university'sjob. therefore, was to get
as many students as possible into each
classroom-then to keep them there by any
possible means. This can hardly be construed
as a clarion for quality education.

0

Now part of what a college instructor is paid
to do is the very difficult and sometimes very
painful task of evaluating student perfor-
mance. Yet many administrators will ﬁre
someone for doing this task honestly
(academic freedom be damned) if the result is
too many low grades and will retain someone
else who tacitly ignores it by. keeping
everybody smiling with a liberal sprinkling of
A's and B‘s. The question. then. isn‘t a

'qualitative one—whether high standards are

good or bad; or a moral one—whether high
standards are right or wrong; the only ques-

tion that matters. it seems. is'the’t‘inancial
one‘-'-whether the monetary unit. the student.
will be lost. . '

The trend toward, teacher evaluation
questionnaires has helped foster insecurity in
those instructors who would like to upgrade
standards. Rodin and Rodin recently found
that “students rate most highly instructors
from whom they learn the least.” who also
happen to bethe instructors whotend to grade
leniently. Similarly, last fall Powell foundthat
teachers “receive much higher evaluations
from students when they are required to do
less work. receive higher grades. and learn
substantially less." He concludes: “If it is true
that students inadvertently give higher ratings
to instructors who require less work and give
higher grades, and those instructors are
rewarded for ‘good‘ teaching by their
departments and the administration, while
more demanding instructors are punished.
then there is pressure for all instructors to
behave in this way. . . thus. students areshort-
changed on the most important commodity
which is supposed to result from their univer-
sity experience—learning."

Instructors who do uphold academic stan—
dards. then, are not "against" students. but
rather. are trying to ensure that students‘
college years are worthwhile. Moreover. the
students themselves are not to blame for
someone else overevaluating them. Only the
faculty—only those who actually assign
grades~with the encouragement of suppor-
tive administrators. instead of the obliquer
threatening postures these people too often
assume. can stop grade inﬂation. Certainly the
university owes the upholding of academic
standards to the students. to itself. and to
society. As Robert M. Hutchins states, “The
first obligation of an intellectual institution is
to set high intellectual standards and to insist
on good intellectual work."

 

 

 

THE-3-DAY-ALL'
EATflTALIAN'
Including Wine or Beer.

FEAST-$2.95.

i-CAN

The First Annual

The Four Uptown Quads
and the Senior Class Bring You:

Round Robin
offeehouse

To Be Held in the Flagroom of Each Quadi

Sunday March 28
7:30-10:30

 

tolomori

Albany‘s John Virgo (1 3) and Herve Gulteau(1a) go up tor the block In
Herltlmer contest as Paul Jansen looks on.

Bankathon to Hit Campus Sunday

Will Rogers. last year's Boston
Marathon winner. will be one ofthc
participants in the third annual
“Bunkathon” marathon race to bc
runfrom Schenectady to Albanythis
Sunday.

The l8.6—milc trail. sponsored by
The Bank. will pass through the
Albany State campus via the
physical education roadway on its
way into downtown Albany.

Rogers. who ran the fastest time
ever in the Boston Marathon. is one

of the highest-ranked amateur
runners inthe nation and should be it
shoo-in for tlic 1976 Olympic track
team.

Carlo Chcruhino. recent Albany
State track and cross-country strin-
dotit. anti possible ()lynipic cun~
didiitc. also will be competing in the
race.

The first runners should he pass-
iiig through the Albany campus at
approximately 12 noon on Sunday.
Spectators arc encouraged

Women ’s Varst 

by Christine Bellini

There may be no intercollegiate
women‘s softball team this year
because no one wants to play.

“It is very disappointing and

frustratin

softballhcoach Leona Rhenish as the 5

team‘s roster gradually diminished I
to eight players from its original]

twenty. .

V-Ball Club 2nd at Point

by David Levy

The Albany State Men‘s
Volleyball Club. playing three of
four matches without top hitters
Jamie MacFarland and Patrick
Dwycr. managed a second-place
ﬁnish tit the West Point Invitational
held March 20.

Quecnsborough College and’Ar.
my‘s "B" squad fell victim to some
strong team play but Army's "A"
team. one of the top three groupsin
the Northeast. according to Albany
Conch 'l'cd Earl. broke the string
with ti convincing. but far from em-
bill’tlhblng. straight-games match
uin.

I'he tirriizil of MacFarland and
I)wyer from another match sparked
the Club as they routed New Jersey
Institute of Technology and so im—
pressed Army that they received an
imitation to return next vcar.

New Yor

“For a first-year Club. you guys
are phenomenal.“ said Captain
Clark. (Army's Coach). “A little
backsetting would help.“

No Depth

Earl commented on one of the
problems of a ﬁrst-year club. “We
didn‘t have their depth. Also. our in-
experience hurt when they switched
to a tandem offense."

Tandems. for those of you who
have seen World Class Volleyball on
TV. is when one person sets the ball
so either of two spikers can hit it.
One fakes and the other slams it into
the ﬂoor where the blockers aren‘t.

“We may not have beaten them
[Army “/\"] with Jamie and
Patrick." said Earl. “but it sure
would‘ve been interesting.“

The Club ﬁnished at 9—2 for its
first season and loses only Mac-
Furland from its starting lineup.

Philadelphia Flyers

Broiiglil to you by St'li/il: Beer...

Monday, March 29

On WSUA-640 at 7:50

also brought to

, Something must give.

“Softball is a team :spon' th‘
players have to work toget 'r an
group.“ continued Rheni “when;

we pick up and drop a few a each ‘ 2

practice. we have to stait from

scratch each time."

Once again. the conﬂict of in-
terests betwccn'studies and sports
seems to be the key. according to '
Rhenish. along with the misconcep- ‘
tion of what the commitment to a
sport entails. ’ ~

“Somejust don't understand how
to work in sports.“ she said. “they‘ve
never competed on a team before
and don‘t realize it means time and
discipline.“

“With a new pitching machine.
sufficient equipment. and a good
schedule. the lack of participants is
unfortunate and threatening to the
team's existence."

“It's il shame that the eight players
who are interested in intercollegiate
competition might not get the
chance this year. unless more women
decide totry out very soon.“ Rhcnish
concluded.

k Islanders Hockey
vs

you by the Rathrkellar Pub

 

 

ClC.

iSnnnner
Camp Dip

Manual labor consisting pr
stacking: \rnil construction and iniiintenui

How many positions

Camp Dippikill. 70 mil

Period of Employment

$l l0. per weck ($2.75 per hour

Albany Stu

Special qualific

The applicant must he in top physical cond
working in a forest environment I
chain saws or other mechanical equipment.

Misc. Information

Camp Dippikill is located 70 miles n
hamlet of Tilt: (ilcn. Lodging for the dull“

Job Description

'l'hrcc

Job Location

June 7. I970 to August 27, I976.

Salary

Who may apply

Jobs
pikill

imurily of firewood cutting. hauling and
iccziniiior buildingrcpiiir:painting

cs north ofcnnipus in the Adirondack Mountains.

40 hrs. pct week)

tc students liming payed student tux.
ations

itioii. show experience in
illltl have knowledge and experience With

ortli of Albany on Route Bil near the
ion \\ill be proyidcd ill one ol the
additional \wrk hours. A car Is

All Members

 

SCUBA CLUB

Meeting on Tuesday,
March 30
7 PM in LC 11

And Interested Students

funded by student association

Please Attend.

 

 

Experimental Theatre presents...

Amerika Drinks
and Goes Home

a rock musical revue based on the music
and lyrics of Frank Zappa

crimp buildings for either it siinill ice or
strongly recommended as lllL‘ nearest man I
gasoline. laundry. etc. is it inilcs iiwiiy. llotird is not
cooking facilities are available.
When and where to apply
Applications may he picked up lll the SA ()lllt‘t’ tL-‘t' Mo) and must he
returned to thitl office Ito liIle than Wednesday, April 7, Win.

Interviews
Required of Ion Applicants.
Acceptance notice

Given on or before Tuesday. May 4. I970. Acoinplctc list ofthc tiltcrniitcs
and those not qualified will be posted in the SA ()lticc on Mily it.

in the lab Theatre PAC

'or supplics such ilS food.
provided but complete

EverySunday. Mondays! Tuesday Admission is Free

*****Ifl***ll|**

Fri. March 26; 7:00 & “:00 PM
Sat. March 27; 7:00 & 9:00 PM
Sun. March 28; 7:00 & 9:00 PM

**********#¥

Refreshments

A Feast guaranteed toslogger the im i'notton,etarti with our {anions
ANTIPAS’lO butter onudsioitawed by hoop n3 phlid‘s at 632C1HEWI,PIIZA.

LASAGNAMEATBA BAUSME and MORE.- Andtotop it c“, an icy .
mg or 8223,90th or 'wwa ism/other beverage. Top Entertainment

CHlLDREN  under Io

urvcd Sunday IZNoon to ItPMv Nlonooy UNI-day 49'“: “PM

Ghei‘ Italia 
Western M. at Fuller Rd.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

free tickets available one hour before
showtime at the PAC Box Office.
Latecomers will not be seated

 

 

[united by .lfllilt‘lll uum'lailun

 

 

 

 

 

by student nonocintio

 

 

it: Che k Iocat' t
c 'on on Du Ch Quad éclmp dipplklll funded entirely

tlItIIllllllllllIlllllllllllllllllllll E S
MARCH 26, 1.976 ALBANY STUDENT PR S

 

 

PAGE TEN. MARCH 26, 1976 PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

