 

 

    

all?! foice to  thepropos-
edcot'lie cuts at SUNY. , .
", lira . gw‘ah‘several SUNYA
emu YeVoli expressed concern
other the deta'sionto eliminate several
academic propane on the various
SUNY campuses. He feels it may be
ponible to levy the budgetctls more
.7 agenda there my be an ex-
cessive amount of money spent on
salaries d administrators.

Yevoli said. “no one will refute the
fact that administrative costs are
high. Maybe the bulk of the cuts
could be made in admirtistration
costs, not courses.”

Within the next week. Yevoli will
make a formal recommendation for
a task force to Assemblyman Irwin
Landes. Chairman of the Higher
Education Committee.

The task force would be com-
prised of both the assembly and
senate ltigher education committees
and members of the executive
branch. They would review the task
force ﬁndings of a few SUNY cant-
puses and perhaps come up with
different alternatives as to where
cuts should be made. He feels an out-
side task force is long overdue as
there has been no thorough review of
the SUNYsystem since its inception.

The executive budget only makes
ﬁscal recommendations. It is up to
the individual agencies to administer
those cuts effectively. Yevoli said the
legislature “must have faith in the

 

  
 
 

 

Beeaiae of the  econo‘

of the state-there'sre fewer ‘

and car areinevitable. Aecordingto
Yevolir “Tlteqnestionis howwillthe
clan best be put forth."

Yevoli is well aware ofthe grave
problernsfacing SUNY andstatei,“l
don't know where the governor‘s
comntitment to education lies."

‘ He believes it is time government
ofﬁcials realize that higher educa-

 
 

;st‘ate‘ draws additional reventmn the

form if ineometaﬁ'said Yevcli. He
udded. 'The need for education
should be an ideal premise."
Yevoli feels Tuesday's rally had an
impact. He also believe students
should see their individual
lep'slators as it makes them aware of
tha'r needs. He concluded. “The ral-
ly will have an impact—if it doesn't.
nothing'ever will."

New Study Out On Coffee

BOSTON '(AP) A four-year-old
study that linked coffee-drinking
with heart attacks has been dis-
counted by a new one.

In the study. published in the New
England Journal of Medicine. 8
team of Boston doctors says, “The
risks, if any . . . appear small."

Four years ago, the Boston
Collaborative Drug Surveillance
Program at Boston University said

the risk of acute myocardial
infarction—the heart damage that
results from a blocked artery—was
increased 60 per cent for those who
drank oneto ﬁve cups of coffee each
day and no per cent for those who
drank more than six cups.

The National Coffee Association
says that during last winter the
average American drank 2.2 cups of
coffee per day.

Albany Drug Bust Yields 17

continuedfram page one
five other defendants have not yet
been arraigned.

The indictment alleges that Kevin
Cooney distributed a quantity of
heroin at or near Albany on
December 20. I973, and charges him
with possesion of a quarter pound of
cocaine at or near Crescent on
November 20. I974. with intent to
distribute. It alleges that his wife,
Christine. distributed a quantity of
heroin at or near Albany on Many

24. 1974. and charges John befebtre
with distributing a quantity of the
same substance here on September
l5. I974.

When asked about the case.
FDEA spokesperson Ray Tripp
said. “All the information we have
provided to the neWSpaper [the T-
U], is all the information we're going
to give out." Tripp said any further
publicized information on the drug
arrests “would jeopardize the
prosecution.“

 

 

etc.

nsnnser Jobs
Camp Dippilsill

Job Doocription

Manual labor consisting primarily of ﬁrewood cutting. hauling and
stacking; trail construction and maintenance; minor building repair; painting

How many pooitiona

Three

Job location

Camp Dippikill, 70 miles north ofcampusinthe Adirondack Mountains.

Period of Employment

June 7. I976 to August 27. I976.

Salary

SllO. per week ($2.75 per hour / 40 hrs. per week)

Who may apply

Albany State students having payed student tax.

Special qualifications
The applicant must be in top physical condition. show experience in
working in a forest environment and have knowledge and experience with
chain saws or other mechanical equipment.

  
 

 

PAGE TWO

Mice. Information
Camp Dippikill is located 70 miles north of Albany on Route 28 near the
hamlet of The Glen. Lodging for the duration will be provided at one of the
camp buildings for either a small fee or additional work hours. A car is
strongly recommended as the nearest town for supplies such as food,
gasoline. laundry. etc. is 8 miles away. Board is not provided bulcomplete
cooking facilities are available.

When and where to apply
Applications may be picked up in the SA Ofﬁce (CL 346) and must be
returned to that ofﬁce no later than Wednesday, April 7. I976.
Interviews
Required of Top Applicants.
Acceptance notice

Given on or before Tuesday, May 4, I976. Acomplete list of the alternates
and those not qualiﬁed will be posted in the SA Ofﬁce on May 4.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Isa-p dippiltlli funded entirely by student associationi

 

 

sum Studsttts Contln Demoststratlon

sunny. N.v. (AP) Students protesting budget cutbacks in the 5....
University system continued their occupation of administrative ofﬁces at two
university campuses Thursday. A small sit-in no third ended peacefullythis
morning. The demonstrations at the State University colleges at Fredonja‘
Purchase. and’New Paltz were staged after an estimated 8.000 smdcms
marched on the state Capitol Tuesday to demand restoration of program
dropped because of heavy cuts in state spending on public colleges. Several
students and police ofﬁcers were slightly injured in the Albany
demonstration. which caused about Sl.000indamagc. mostly broken glass,

Frank Church Declares l-lls Candidacy

IDAHO CITY. Idaho (AP) Sen. Frank Church joined the Democratic
presidential nomination today. declaring that the federal bureaucracy mu“
be harnessed and that important issues are being ignored by othe,
candidates. “Peripheral questions preempt the debate. There is no sense of
overriding purpose; no serious discussion of the fundamental choices which
determine our future course.“ the Idaho senator said ina statement prepared
for announcing that he was becoming the eighth candidate now seeking his
party's nomination. Church said that contrary to the opinions of others, it
was not too late to enter the race.

Israell Medla Demands End to Arab Vlolence
JERUSALEM (AP) Arab protesters closed shops and schools llnd threw a
few stones in Jerusalem and occupied west Jordan Thursday. but near cnlm
prevailed after weeks of rioting against Israeli rule. Israeli newspapers.
meanwhile. demanded action to end Arab violence and a rabbi urged his
followers to use their guns against rioters. Reinforced Israeli troops. armed
with clubs and tear gas. chased schoolhoys off the streets in JCl'Uhilmcl. and
security forces quellcd small demonstrations in Hebron and l'ulkztrm.
Israel‘s occupation kept tight curfews clamped on three more town».

Morton To Be Ford's Campalgn Manager

WASHINGTON (AP) Rogers C. B. Morton will replace llovrnrd ll.
Callaway as President Ford‘s campaign manager. several sources said todtt)‘
sortly after the Civil Aeronautics Board announced an inquiry into its \t ilth‘l
of charter ﬂight rules to beneﬁt Callaway's ski resort. Sources Close to lht‘
President‘s campaign said a decision has been made to permanently rcplucc
Callaway with Morton. now the White House liaison with the l’rcstdcnt's
campaign committee. One White House ofﬁcial said he understood "tt‘s :tllu

_ question of tinting."

Browning Delivers Final Statement

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) Patricia Hearst's prosecutor. seeking to comtncc
thejurythat Miss Hearst was a willing recruit to the ranks oflcrrorlsm. hcgttn
his closing argument Thursday at her dramatic trial for bank rohbcr} L15.
Attorney James L. Browning Jr. delivered the ﬁrst installment of ho linnl
statement to the jury behind the locked doors of the crowded courtroom.
U.S. District Court Judge Oliver J. Carter said he wanted l’t'ptlrlt'n tlnd
spectators to remain inside to avoid distracting the jury. but the prosecutor
could be seen through a window in the doorspcakingto the pa ncl lrotn notes
in a large looscleaf binder.

Group Urges Extentlon of Nadlarl’s Time

NEW YORK (AP) A civic group urged an extention of Special Prim-cuter
Maurice Nadjari's allotted time in ofﬁce. citing constant “stoncwulttng” by
his chief target. Democratic state chairman Patrick Cunningham lllt' (to
Club of New York also said Nadjari's proposed successor. Munhttttnn Dot.
Atty. Robert Morgenthau. would be more of a political pottn tltttn lht‘
incumbent. “We are faced with the spectre of thtcrgutc. Lonnttnt
‘stoncwalling’ by Patrick Cunningham . . . and the rapidly crodtng how at
public conﬁdence in state and city." City Club chairman Jocl llurnclt tolda
news conference. The club is an independent. non-partisan ClHL‘ group

N Y C In Danger Due to Fire Dept. Cutbacks
NEW YORK (AP) New York City is "literally burning down" hcctttoc of
bUdgtmry WWW“ 0" ﬁreﬁghting personnel. Battalion (‘htct l'd\\'ltt F
Jennings chIMCd ThUFSday. Michael J. Mayo. president ofthe l nttutntrd
Firefighter Association added that “in terms of human life. Cullliltflw III the
protection are shameful evidence of a city administration that lliln :tcccpttd
1°“ of M" “'"d i"juries as u price to balancing the budget." lloth nun
C’fPYESSCd thctr gloom in testimony before asubcommittcc 0fth sittlu Scnillt
Fina"? Cémlmmetf. héaded by John D. Calandra. Bronx Republtcttn I‘ht:
$3223 ‘all'yll/estlsattnsthe impact of budgetary cuts on ﬁre prttlccllontn
Workers Protest Italy's Austerity Plan
ROME (AP) Thousands of workers paraded in downtown Milrtn today
protesttng the government‘s new austerity plan The measures. wlnch wort
qualtﬁed endorsement from Italy‘s increasingly powerful Communists.
hell’ed the lira rally against the dollar, brokers said. The Communtsts. in
then ﬁrst public consultation with their traditional foes. the ruling (‘ltristtttn
Ecmocmls’ “'d wednﬁday nilhl they would help in the austerity progtﬂl“
"' only if they got a share of national power. denied to them since 1947.

upon Agrees to Accept Magna Carla
d SHING'I‘ON (AP) The House. reversing itself after a thinly-Vcncd
enunctatton from one of Its leaders. now agrees that 25 conyessmw Show
a: fondon to accept England's loan of an original copy of the Mail”
"I: Lot the Bicentennial. The Houae agreed 294 to 90 Wednesday to send
documcegatton to .Lo‘ndon for ceremonies acceptinll ‘he 7w'yci‘r'i’lli
on" m In :nd to brtngtt back for public display inthc U.S. CallimL unwni
cc on one of four remainingoriginalcopies of the M380“ CW“ mm“
[untry was rebuffed by the House last week when it rejected the proposed
top as a tunket for the 25 congressmen. —/

MARCH 19. 1976

  

 

 

 

Special Spectacle

SUNYA students' annual proof
that their major interest is not

apathy will be presented tonight ,

when Telethon ‘76 commences.
Regardless of whether the event is
viewed as a 24 hour
fund appeal or a
mammoth talent
show. the end result
will be a donation to
the Wildwood School for
developmentally disabled children
of close to 820.000.

From the time preparations began
eleven months ago until the moment
Telethon ends tomorrow night. it
will have brought together over 700
students directly involved in the
production. “It is,“ said Telethon co-
chairpcrson Gail Seibel. "the largest
student run telcthon inthe country."

The spectacle will begin at 8 pm.
in the ballroom. when Scibcl and her
co—chairpcrson Ed Chadwick in-
troduce. among others. Mayor Cor-
ning and President Fields. The enter—
tainment will begin at 8:30 with the
best of those who auditioned during
the past two months leading off, for
this hour’s acts will be taped and
shown at various times onthrcelocal
stations; channels 6. l0. and Ill.
WSUA will give continuous radio
coverage. and WABY will have
scattered broadcasts.

Included in the lineup will be
Mary Ann Bukult. performing an
original song based on Tclcthon‘s
thcmc “ Look to the Children"; Felix
Kessel. a professional pianist
appearing for his fifth straight year;
Keven Fcrcntz, who portrayed John
Adams in last month‘s American
Primitive. doing a medley of songs
from Pippin; and baritone John
Cirnino. tt loyal opera star.

Though the quality ofthe remain-
ing acts may not match this ﬁrst
hour's. the entertainment value
should not dwindlc. For instance.
“Szubttt's Bloomers." ll mule
cltccrlcrtdcrs complete with skirts.
rougc and pom pom. pcrformn rou-

News

- Feature

llllt.‘ to the ttccompunimentvof“Wc're ‘
an American Band." In addition.,

there will he pcrformttnccs by ttfour-
tccn ycnr old classical violinist. it
barbershop chorus, n Colombian
dance group. Mike Mttzurki (it
clntrnctcr actor most renown for his
losing brawls with John thync).
and a barrage of trip dnnccrs.
jugglcrs. and folk singers.

'l nlcnt co-ordinzttors Jonct
Chalkcn and l'lt)Wlll"d (llick pointed
out that till who auditioned were
rtcccptcd <tltc auditions onlydctcr—
mined the slot catch not received.
“Unfortunately. we only have 24
hours to work with." sttid Cltttikcn.
"and we hope people realize lltill we
couldn‘t give them till prime time."

(‘hnikcn emphasized that the
main purpose was to raise money for
the Wildwood children. She said.
“ Hopefully. the performers arcthcrc
for reasons other than their own per-
sonal benefit." lf benevolence is not
enough of an incentive for t hose who
drew mid-morning placements.
rcfugc can be sought in the
probability thttt. us down lip-
proachcs, some ttcts foil to show up.
so others can stay on longer.

Although tltc ofﬁcial opening of
'l'clcthon ‘76 is tonight, proceeds
have been uccumulating since early
last semester. Accordingtotrcasurer
Stu Henkcndolf. a class of‘78 party
irt October ruist 51.000. The food
fast. in which FSA donated one

MARCH 19, 1976

 
   

 

   
  

  
    

 

 
  
  

    
    
   

 

 

 

 

  

A varlcty of student acts are scheduled for tonlght's Telethon.

dollar for every person who did not
go to dinner on February Ill.
brought in $3.000. “Look to the
Children“ tee shirts sales have ac-
counted for $500 in donations.
Letters were mailed to the parents
of all undergraduates. explaining
Telethon‘s purpose. and requesting
contributions. Thus far. parents
have mailed in $|.500. FSA donated
its pinball proﬁts for the week
culminating with the AMIA pinball
tournament. resulting in a $900 gift. '
Add to this $300 in bake sale
revenues. and the sum total places
Telethon ‘76 $l.500 ahead of where
Telethon ‘75 was at this time last
year. Telethon '75 amassed 516.200.
Financial citings such as this have

wrought skeptical cries

with thc,fund~ raising aspects. The
cause. according to the skcptics. has
been lost and forgotten. Scibcl
vehemently denies this. “One of the
two co-chairmcn from each ofthe l4
committees was 'askcd to visit
Wildwood." she said. '

Scibcl explained, "We arranged
two trips. so that at least one ofthe
two heads of each committee went. It
was repeatedly stressed that if they
were going to raise money. they
should know exactly why they are
doing it."

While at the school. the chairmen
met groups of parents, viewed the
children receiving lessons through
two-way mirrors. and ate lunch with
the childrenﬁjl'hc children prepared a
lunch for their visitors. "When it was
time to go.“ Scibcl glcamed. "many
of us didn't want to leave."

Jcrry Garlick. in charge of com-
tnunity relations. remarked that he
left tltc school feeling “incredibly
l‘lllppy. Just thinking back to those
kids makes you work border. and
keeps you going when you want to
stop." Onc committee chairman
cvcn decided to become :ttutorut the
school aftcr the visit.

All SUNYA Involved

The bulk of 'l‘clcthon‘s work is
done. of course. by the studcnls. but
the involvement in the benefit
spreads to the administrative and
faculty lcvcls. “One of the reasons
why Telethon is so important."
Scibcl sold. “is that it brings the
students. the tcttchcrs. and the ad-
ministration together, for cause."
Without the efforts of personnel
from the print shop. ECC. PAC. and
especially. FSA (which is donating
all the beer to be sold lll Telethon).
the efforts of all tltc students would
have been noticeably less fruitful.

Aside from their preparatory help.
eighteen administrators and faculty
members trove agreed to take pics.
purchased for at least $75. thrown at
them by students. The heads of FSA,

that '
promoters have gotten carried away -_

the Office of Residences. and State
Quad will be among the recipients.
From outside the school com-
munity. dozens of stores have
donated gifts to the auctioned off.
Cathedral Sound in chssclaer
averted a crisis by allowing Telethon
to use a sound system free of charge.
after Dromc Sound withdrew their
offer on Monday. The Times-Union
and thc Schenectady Gazette have
been very helpful in publicizing thc
cxtravaganw. Acknowledging the
vastness and good will of SUNYA's
project. Mayor Corning has
declared this week. “SUNYA's
Wildwood-Telethon Week."

Tutsiltg in the Telethon w

Telethon will have many Masters
of Ceremonies besides .co-
chairpcoplc Ed Chadwick and Gail
Seibel. They'll include: WSUA's
Doug Lcwunda and Harvsy Kojan.
SA President Andy Bauman. Ccn-
tral Council Chairperson David
Coync, Jerry Garlick. and former
chairpcoplc E.G. Sprancc. Karen
Gliboff and Ira and Lori l’cdowitz.

I‘ics will be received by FSA's
Norb Zahm, Judy Condo. llob
O‘Brien. Nathan Salant. Marc

    

Helping Wt
by Bryan Holsb'srg v
The Wildwood School for the
Developmentally Handicapped is a
program run by parentsfor children
with learning disabilities. Telethon
plays a major part in the school's
total planning according to
Wildwood ofﬁcials. V

Sherrill Gould. Community
Relations Coordinator for
Wildwood said that “the school is in-
tended for model programs research
for ways of dealing with kids who
need school but are left out or held
back because of labels [such as
Cerebral Palsy, Mental Retardation.
Muscular Dystrophy].“ Gould said.
“We‘re an independent. parent run
organization, always run in the red.
always need matching funds for
grants."

Gould said that “Telethon is the
only major outside community fun-
ding for Wildwood. Maybe we
shouldn't, but we've come to count
on it each year." She said. “I wish we
could get more of the community to
know what SUNYA students are do- '
trig."

Informed sourcessaidthatthc fact
that parents run the school and that
the training is highly personalized.
played a major role in Wildwood‘s
selection as the beneﬁciary of
Tclethon‘s activities. Gail Seibel.
Co—chairpcrson of Telethon ‘76.

llcncckc, RCO Chairperson Phil
Tompkins and Rcsidcnccs‘ John
Wclty. among others.

Stay tuned to the ballroom and to
the local broadcast stations for the
times of important events
throughout today. tonight and
tomorrow. T.V.- schedule: WRGB
and WTEN from l:30 am. to 2:30
a.m.. Saturday. WAST from 2:30
pm. to 3:30 pm. On radio, listen to
WABY or WSUA.Ca11457-7210for
more information.

‘1

Hero ls Tolethon‘s ralson data, the Wlldwood Klds onloylng last years tostlvltlas.

Extended Bus Schedule Tonight

The extended bus schedule for
Friday night is as follows: Beginning
at 11:30 pm. buses will be leaving
the SUNYA Circle every hour on the
half hour. They will be reaching the
Hoth Wellington stopcvery hour on
the hour. Theﬁrst bus(rtt l l130 p.m.)
will operatcns an express. picking up

When outbound. buses will
opcrtttc via state street and at Dle
l’luzn, to across from Wellington

0
F.

Hotel. to Eagle Street. to
Washington Avenue to Lurk Street
to Madison Avenue. to Lake Avenue
to Western Avenue. tothc-SUNYA
Circle.
50c Without ID

In addition. students without lD's
or student tux identiﬁcation will he
required to pay it 50c lure.

For further information on the
special tclethon bus schedule. call
Campus Center Information.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

dough-um Wildwood was small '

our efforts.” 4,
Approximately 35 children
currently receive fttll attention at
Wildwood accordingto Gould, with-
perhaps another 100 children
effected to a lesser degree.  ‘
“Children and parents work close-
ly with the staff to deal withthe com-
plex needs of the kids.” said Gould.
"It's only by these programs that
these kids can hope to lead normal
lives." Without it most could not
hack regular school or Bosces. most
would be in an institution. She said,
“I just think what might have
happened if my son was born a few
years earlier. before Wildwood."
Wildwood was started nine years
ago. School ofﬁcials said that
children usually stay at the school
for three or four years. Gottid said
that besides the pressures for funds
and grants. a major problem for the
school is often some breakdown as
the children leave Wildwood.
Wildwood “is an ideal setting for
teacher and kid." according to
Gould. She said. “We have to
develop and better educate school
and the community." Gould explain-
ed that Wildwood had begun follow-
up programs with the children once
thcy leave Wildwood and are placed
in a school. “It's important for
parents to have a good understan-
ding of what's happening to their
kids but we .have' 'to develop

“Jungramsjnthe community." Gould

said.

Wildwood has made use of the
SUNYA Child Research-Center at
the Downtown campus for such
research as language t hcrapy studies.
Gould continued to say that many of
Bosccs programs are now being
modeled after the successful research
at Wildwood.

Gould said that Wildwood
“chooses not to label but to develop
the potential in each kid. We refuse
to look away. We somehow have to
express our gratitude to students for
Telethon and not looking away."

S l’
9:; St“

\
I
/ \

r’l

\tht .
PAGE THREE

enough so we could u.- ik [amid _ , W. .

  
  
 
  
 
  

   
 
  
  
  

  

 
   

G‘J‘j

 

 

 

