  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
  
  
   
   
      
   
         
     
    
     
   
    
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
    
   
  
    
  
  
   
 
   
 
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
   
 
  
  
  
    
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
   
       
 
   
  
  
       
      
       
       
    
        
     
      
   
  

 

might not be sufficient to overcome happened “it would do no more to
‘ prices again in problems: Indications nowsreTtllata trigaranotller worldwide depres~
December. as many oilalialysts petroleum price rise would badly sionthan didthesllocltol'the oilem-
. Y ' by will, it is likely to fuel damage the payments balances of bargo and ensuing price hikes.”
 pi those fears ofwidespresd lessdeveloped nations that export Absorb Shoelr
. third-vi fltl defaults on loans. no oil, and might forcethemtoseek Citibank. which is among the
‘ "1‘ ' , I . Billioll'ofdollarsinloans—more relief from their financial American bank lenders to the less
than] 140 billion by reliable obligations. developed nations. maintains that
inmates—have been made to bss If defaults do occur, the question monetary institutions erected since
developed nations by U.S.commer- facing authorities here is how to the l930s should adequately absorb
Caliban-Higher oil prices would protect the banks involved and limit whatever shock waves might
mmuyment of these Ioarismore the impact on the US. economy, develop. “Central banks would res-
' difficult. ’Scaremongers," as whichitselfislikelytobehurt byany pond to the shock of foreign-debt
prid' increase from the OPEC defaults by increasingthe reserves of
nations. ' private banks, just as they have when
Asme asthissummer.Citibank confronted with defaults on

  

  

 
  

  

  

Trici-  in the economies

 i d  “W10?” Mall. Ind attempted, as it said, “putting the domestic debts," it stated.

.5 - have baapsugﬁstiug tbe'possila'lity‘ squelch on the scaretalk,” which it The bank.second largest commer-

 d  (hf-tilts. said Ilﬂ “posited a dominoeffect en- cial institution of itstype inthe coun-
MMJMHB 11.8. government ding in ﬁnancial collapse.” At that try, maintainsthat even the threat of

too. have tended to view the situa- time it said the likelihood of a very painful though not necessarily

" ‘V . —. a ‘ - c s
.3 1' two more optlmtstlcally, at least for massive rescheduling of repayments fatal defaults on a less than
3, the record. btlt optimism alone was very small, but that even if it catastrophic scale are unlikely.
l
 ' ' I a
 Academrc Advisement Faces Urwertam Future

continued from page one The full impact of these re- major which will be more confusing
dividual department faculty may be quircments has not yet been felt, ac- if there is less advisement available
reluctant to advise students who are cording to Lapinski. Lapinski said to them.
not majoring'in their ﬁeld and are that the School of Business is only Lapinski explained that students
unsure as to what they want to do. going to be able to accomodate 50 are deciding their futures in either
This year's freshman class entered per cent of the 23.6 per cent of the one of two ways. There are those
unaware of these problems and ig- freshman expressing a desire to seeking marketability of their educa-
 . norant to the fact that the School of major in business. tion and those who take what they
‘ Business had imposed strict admisv The rest “will either leave the Un- want to study and see what they can
' sion requirements. iversity” or begin to seek another do afterwards, he said.

 

 

 

 

 

-— The census also states:
 CAR   interest in business related majors
 o   contttnrufes t: tncrenzezplgh 23.6 pe;
3;, cen o res man an . ercento
if “.5 '   sophomores indicating itp as their
y “baa-botanic chosen major.
‘ ‘ We has I m U‘I Noicmb“ um 28’ I976 Interest in Math and Science is
. ' "0 ml. m '0' “at 5267365 P" P‘rson decreasing in light of fewer cnrecr
‘ I .  h . ‘wm i’ccupnncy opportunities, increased competi-
pt‘ ,. a“ I" 3 *_ M'- From Jl‘Kennedy by tion. and greater dtfftculty gaining
“- i h “an”... m Eastern Airlines acceptance to medical schools. 21.6
l a "W o, m Accamadalions a, "019/ per cent ofthcfrcshmonnnd 18.6per
m m b. I m - DaVl’nci on the Beach cent indicate interest in these fields.
 v, m a. mm “mm, M, Interest in the Social Sciences
 . ‘ ﬂ. “a m g M For reserVﬂlionS C8“: remains constant bolstered mainly
'; a money order (sorry. no Argus Travel by Psychologyand Political Science.
vi GOJJsludasnd to: w Stu/$653393” R d I4.7 per cent of freshman indicate in-
. SOUTHERN roaAcco “S‘:'lganV°'N Y ‘123'03 °“ tcrcsts in this arctt but that figure In-
, 39l Angola Amos ' y" ' ' creases to 23.8 per cent with
I v  Coral ables. Florida 33134 ‘ Phone‘ 489—4739 sophomores.

 

 Interest in the Humanities
t I F The Papa Bear Lounge remains fairlyconstant. I0.| percent
\ ~ of the freshman indicate an interest
, PRESENTS in the humanities. This figure in-
} creases to [5.9 per cent with the
l WED-THURS_FRl—SAT sophomores. Englishcontinues to be

  l the primary major selected iii the
I ‘

humanities and accounts for zip-
Mort: Watch NFL football on our seven-toot

 

proximately one-fourth of the
students. Rhetoric unf Communion»
lion scents to have rctlchcd its stabili-
ty point after showing stctldy iii-

,3 screen. Freo hot dogs steamed In boar. . , . . v .

E creases during tltc last few vcnrs.‘
3: Wed: Free glass of champagne to llrat 100 people Percentages of thosc tltidccltlcd
 Thurs.: Ladlos' nght. All Ladlaa' drlnka 'Ir-prlco about what to major in have in-

“ Sat. & Sun: Football Buffet creased to 29.5 per cent for freshman
3‘ Oct 30 _ HALLOWEEN cosfuua pAR-fy and |6.| per cent for sophomores.
" All you can drink: 35 (call drinks 50¢ extra)

 

I we Central Ave. (‘Ia-mllo west ol Colonlo Cntr.)[ SUNY Responds

IATHE WRSITVATALBMV

 

continued/mm page one
education and provide a balance of

 . UNIVERS'TY CELEBR'TY SERIES growth so you don't have program
i .    and building duplication". “'l'his."
 V 8mm" " 3 PM" o r 24’ 1976 gyms: ts thccssc rice of
 ' Page Hall. Downtown Campus ‘ . ' .

I In the 603 faculty lines were in-

‘ 9 suascmmou Pnlces:

’ creased and many have become
 1 “6.00 "a "no ‘6 Momma“) tenured. The Regents are proposing
'  as. “Mum” “to, NM. 21 a new faculty system of renewable
; Jullllsrd Ouutst.Jan.30 f i vc-year plun contracts. The
E mum," p,..l"'P|.nlgg,Mu. 20 Regents hope that this will attract
 NM Huwﬂgn mum. 11 younger faculty members who will

 

 

 

NEWS BRIEFS

Lebanon Trlas Out New Cease-Flu Plan

IEIRU'I‘, Lebanon (AP) This war-battered little nation settled into its 57th
cease-ﬁre attempt in 18 months Thursday, successfully in some places but
with shakey results in others. Hospitals and militia officials reported seven
killed and eight wounded after the 6 a.m.-midnight Wednesday EDT cease-
fire. Between six and l2 others were reported killed by a shell in a village
marketplace two miles from the Israeli border. The casualties marked a
drastic decline from scores killed Wednesday by random shelling in Beirut
and combat for the southern border village of Aichiyeh. The low .011
provided the best measure for the relative success of the truce despite the
continued sporadic shelling along the rubble-strewn front line that curs
Beirut into Moslem and Christian sectors. But both sides warned the truce

could collapse.

Talks Commence on Black Atrlcan Rule

GENEVA, Swltserland (AP) Delegations from the Rhodesian and British
governments were scheduled to open preliminary talks today about
arrangements for next week‘s conference on black rule in the former British
colony in southern Africa. In London, the House of Commons votcd late
Wednesday to renew the economic sanctions against Rhodesia for another
year. The British government said they would not be lifted until an interim
biracial government replaces Rhodesia's white-minority regime. Rhodtsittn
Prime Minister Ian Smith was to begin discussing ground rules for thc lltlks
this afternoon with Britain's ambassador to the United Nations. Ivor
Richard, who will preside at the conference.

Russia Dlspleased with Ford and Carter

MOSCOW (AP) Soviet officials. clearly irritated with both American
presidential candidates. seem increasingly doubtful that the victory of either
man will quickly put detente back on a smooth course. Soviet sptlkcsiiicn
havecriticizcd President Ford for his support ofincreased arms spending a nd
talk of negotiating with the Soviet Union “from a position of strength."
Already. they say. Ford's vows to be tough with Moscow arc prod tlclng
actions that will retain their effect after the elections. As for Carter. Smtct
commentators give him credit for calling for a new morality in Anlt‘llctlll
foreign policy. “But when it comes down to concrete questions. this morulttt
can dissolve.“ a Soviet television analyst said last weekend. The Rllbsllllh
have noted in particular Carter‘s more vocal support for higll dctcntt-
capabilities and his claim at the Oct. 6 foreign policy debate with Ford that ilL'
would not relinquish American control over the Panama Canal.

Peking Demonstrates Against Politburo

TOKYO (AP) The Chinese Communist party brought its campaign ol plntw
for Premier Hun Kuo—fcng and public condemnation at Mon lsc-Itlttg't
widow and her radical allies to Peking today. chcrtll million [)t‘lwttllx
demonstrated in the Chinese Cllpllili. carrying banners and flags coon/tug
Cbiilng Ching and Politburo members Wang H ung-wen. (‘httng ('litnmlnno
and Ytltl Wen-yuan. Japanese newsmcn reported front the Chinese cupttn:
They also carried banners welcoming “the appointment of (‘onnutlc llnn
Kuo-fcng as party chairman.“ according to the correspondent tot '\\.lllt
Japan‘s largest newspaper. The demonstrators converged on toot tlllti m
trucks on Tim An Men Square. setting off firecrackers and burning til nun
and gongs. Asilhi and thc Kyodo news service reported.

Philippines Request Military Equlpment
WASHINGTON tAI’)'I'hc Philippines isuskingthc llnttcd Stuttw tot « t'ni
billion dollars worth of military equipment as u pricc Ioi ll tlctt .tglu‘tv W
governing US military htlscs ill that country. Anicricun tllilcllli\ mm W
request to ptlrt of what officials describe IIS llll unusually tough lungs 
stance taken by lhc Philippines in base negotiations over the pusi S|\ moot»
Iltc United States has H.000 Atr I‘tlrcc and Navy pcl’sonncl stnttottt «I .t‘
('lurk Air llusc and Subic liily Naval Station and Ill scvclnl Slllrliit'l t... :..tu~
ill the l’liilippincs. Illc current ugrccmctll. giving lilc l llllL'ti \m
operational control over tllc buses. runs until l‘)‘)| httt thsliutulotttlt’ls 1““
ll renegotiation tit tllc request of the Philippines.

Sears Co. Accused of Bait-and-Swltch Plan
WASHINGTON (AP) The FCUUI'lli Trade Commission 10din ltpplotul «HI
order that bars Sears. Roebuck and C0,, the nation's largest rclzult-l. trout
using bait-and-switch tactics to sell major home appliances Stuns. Ill
agreeing to the order. admitted no wrongdoing. liut the company sold to A
statement that “incidents which Ctlmc to light in the recent FTC llctu Int" “9”
violations of Sears policy as well as l-‘l‘Cstandllrds.“ Scars had hccltutt thul
by the FTC of luring buyers into stores with advertisements lor exilt't‘hlll‘
low-priced appliances and then trying to pressure customers into hitting
more expensive models. This practice is known as htlIl-tlnd-SWIICIL

Catholic Church Lauchea “Call to Action"

DETROIT (Al’)'|‘hc U.S. Catholic Church. withcncotlragcmcni Iltllll l'nln'
Paul VI. is quching Illl unprecedented convention to assemble at i|\t"\'~‘-“
Plan of social action for America's more than 45 million Catholics. I he "i A”
to Action" Conference. ll two-year Iliccntcnniul project opening liltilll. Ix
billed as the most representative national assembly of American limlli'“
Catholics in history. The three-day convention. sponsored by the Nqu-‘l
Conference of Catholic Bishops and hosted by the Archdiocese of Dunn”-
cups a series of local and national discussions which have sotle l” """ml‘
“3”” i"justice within the clturch and to propose solutions. Sonic W1“
bishops. priests. religious and lay people are to discuss such issues iltt lilt‘ wit
of women in the church. the church's political responsibility and u trlii ItIl
greater lily participation in decision-making.

 

 

    

INDIVIDUAL CONCERTS: replace older tenured faculty till they
  'retire and leave. There will be an IB-
 : month notification period for facul-
:  Nu COM” 30" omc'v ty who will not be renewed in this
'3'“ ﬁve-year plan.
PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

__.._——-"‘

OCTOBER 22. 1976

   

 

 

 

 

Clark Urges Voter Turnout

by Joel Feld former Supreme Court Justice general distrust of government were
Form" US. Attorney General William 0. Douglas in the late poor reasons for not voting. And
Film“! Clﬂl'k "led to Spark Voter l960‘s,aman whom Clarkrepeisted- Carter, “although not a' man of
Interest during a speech hen, Tlm- ly praised through his talk. specificity” was close to Clark on
day In LC-ls- Clark ran for the New York some issues. according to Clark.
“11" 8 disgrace lth '9” thin 50 Senate seat in I974 and again this Equal time for minority presiden-
Pcl’ 00'“ Oflhe American People Wm year but gave no indication that he tial candidates was a troublesome
V016 this November." Said Clark, would make a third try. Nor would issue forCIarkduringaquestionand
c‘lml’m'lnli this ﬁgure ‘0 Whm Clark he say if he was seekinga jobwiththe answer session which followed his
Q'd were 80 Per Gem V0!" lumoms Carter administration should Carter talk. He said he was not in’agreement
In Israel. Canada. SW8d”. and be elected. with decisions limiting the televised
France. Watergate No Reason presidential debates tothetwo major
Clark said the“? was ﬂ difference According to Clark the Ford Ad- party candidates but said there was
between the Policies 0f Gerald Ford ministration is attempting to make notlting he could do to prevent it.
and .Jimmy can“ can" could the world“safe for hypocrisy.” Clark With less than half the electorate
PI'OWdF leader“in Clark Said ﬁnd claimed that Ford had failcdto curb expected to vote. Clark said it was
althOUEh Ford is “biblical” 5“ inﬂation andcutthe defense budget. signiﬁcant that people were not
honest mantwemmlremembﬂ'lm] So why vote and why vote for satisﬁed with the major candidates
Past" Ford was the “00" manaser Carter? but he could not say why minor par-
for the abortive drive to imp-ch Clark said Watergate and s ties no not receive more sttorttion.

     

   

km

Central Councll Chalrman Grog Lessne (I) refused to accept Jon Lafayetto's (r) reslgnatlon.

Frozen Funds Reinstated for Stony Brook Newspaper '-

lsy Jonathan Hodges Senate. who are the representatives The investigating committee was
The .S'Iait't'nlml. SUNY Ill Stony of the students.“ said Investig long originally created to help the
Brook‘s student-run newspaper. had Committee Chairman lshai Bloch. .S'Iult'rmml solve its problem of late
its funds frozen by the university's “First the Slalt'rlllun said they publication. Throughout the first
student government last week. After wouldn't relcttsethc minutes because semester, the Statesman has been
a.mccting bctwccn the newspaper they didn‘t want personal things distributed very late in the day. a
editors and student leaders. a com- dragged throtlglt the Senate." cx- probleln thtlt the paper has at-
promise was reached Tuesday night plaincd Illocli. “When we told them tribulcd to an inexperienced staff.
which rcinstatcd the paper‘s $53,000 that matters of editorial policy Ill their editorial dealing on the
a year budget. would remaincont'idcntiul,thcythcn subject of the freeze, the Slutesman
Law Violated said it was a matter of principle." printed. “It is curious to note.
The freeze of the Slalorman’s “We never had any gripes about
funds came after the newspaper releasing the minutes of our
refused to turn over the minutes of meetings to students." said
its editorial and executive board Statesman Editor-in-Chief David
meetings to the Student Senate com- Gilmnn. “Our only concern was that
mittee investigating the Statesman. if we submitted the minutes to this
According to members of the Polity committee. it might have been put to
[Stony Iirook's student association] political use." by Tom Martello
this constittlted tl violation of Senate The compromise that was reached NYPIRG has appealed a decision
lcgislnturc. statedthaltlte.‘i/alcsniallwould sub— olt residency requirements by the
“I felt that the minutes of the nth the minutes ofthcir meetings to New York State Board of Elections
.S'lritr'xlllall meetings should be open a review committee comprised often in tlll attempt to make about lot!
to it“ stdents. and especially the people involved in the media. SUNYA students eligible to, vote.

Students Attend SASU Meeting

sion making. plans for a women's registration campaign. 45.000

by Laura Meyers I ‘
students were slgitcd up for rcgtstra-

'I'hrcc SUNYA students attended caucus and emphasis (to be) placed
it sltltcwidc SASU conference last on student awareness through tion. Such large ntlmbcrs. according
weekend ill Iiinghullltoll. Reprcscll- SASU‘s educational programs. to SASU. ler llcccsstlry if the
tutivcs Kathy llnrnn and Andy Kathy Ilnron. who has served on organisation is to continue to lobby
(loldslcilt were joined by Duane SUNYA‘s brltilcltot'SASU sincclttst for student rights ill the slate
Minor. who schcd its a delegate year. was elected to the legislature.
representing the region of Albany ill orgttniitltion‘s Executive Committee Membership Cards
the Third World Caucus. Minor Wits all the conference. For theflllllrct SASU is Heckillgto
one of ten Third World delegates of- Emphasis On Past distribute mem bership curds to ttll
Hum“), gamed m the conference. SASU pltlccd emphasis on past sltltlcttt tax payers for discounts in

At the conference. many topics achievements and future goals at the local stores and is attempting to
were discussed. which included conference. which is the first of two organize curly in the hopes of
stressing of publicity otl SASU's rolc planned for this semester. fighting expected spring budget cuts
in student affairs and SUNY dcci- As it result of SASU‘s voter and tuition increases.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

OCTOBER 22. 1976

Voting Quirks Irlc N YPIRG

    

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

  

  

 
 

  

 

   

 

 

  

  
  

 

 
 

  

  
 

Former Attorney canard Ramsey Clark encouraged studom to vote
In the November election during Ills speech hora on'l'uosday tn LC 1..

Lessne Refuses to Accept E
Lafayette CC Resignation ’

by Jonathan Hodges resignation is to make sure the cause

Central Council member is not undue emotional stress."
Jonathan Lafayette resigned early “I got tired of senseless meetings."
this week as State Quad Council explained Lafayette. who has also
representative. His resignation has resigned from the Class of ‘78coun-
not been accepted by Central Coun- oil.
oil Chairman Greg Lessne. If Lafayettc's resignation is

“I felt that there was a lack of accepted. he will alsostep down asa
direction and a lack of leadership." member ofthe Council's Internal Af-
said Lafayette. “I can‘t see where fairs Committee. Membersltiptothe
Council has accomplished anything IAC is only open to Council
this year.“ representatives.

When asked why he has refuscdto Lafayette plans to remain on the
accept Lafayette‘s resignation. membership board of the University
Lessne replied. “I want to give him Auxiliary Services. UAS members
more time to think it over and dis- are appointed by the SA president
cuss it with me. My policy towards wlid'rnay select anyone he chooses. ,'

however. that originally the purpose When asked if the Statesman had
and orictttation ofthe Senate in for- any plans to turn independent.
ming this committee was to 'hclp‘ Uilman replied. “There are no plans
Statesman rectify our problems and at the moment. I think the school
to make recommendations to the needs a paper that comes out three
Senate. The emphasis and concernat times a week. Without Polity fun-
Wedncsday night‘s meeting was ding. we would certainly beforcedto
clearly to assert Polity‘s power in cut back to at least twice a week."
forcing Statesman to comply with “I guess what we must now do,"
their dictates. Somewhere there was said Gilman. “is search for an ap-
an insidious shift in intentions." proach to work with the Polity."

The students have been denied home districts through an absentee
voter registration because they ballot system. New York is one of
attempted to register with the five statesinthc nationtorcquire the
Albany Board of Election rather students go through this process
than their home districts' board. By rather than voting directly in the
the time they were notified of their college‘s district. The law was signed ~ I '
ineligibility. lllc October 5 applica- by cx-govornor Nelson Rockefeller
lion deadline had passed. shortly after cigbtecn-year-olds were

NYPIRG rcquestcdthatthe State given the right to vote. an action
Board of Elections issue instructions Hudson has termed as being “direct-
to all county boards of elections to ly aimed at students."
forward the applications to the local The law was tested and upheld by
boards. said NYPIRG lawyer Paul the Supreme Court in 1972. Hudson
H udson. After the request was feels that if the law is tested again. ..
denied by the State Ilourd of Elcc- the court might reconsider. “It's
lions. NYPIRG filed its appeal. gotten to the point where New York

Boards Must Act is standing alone on this law.“ he |'

“If the students have turned their said. '
applications in. tltcy should be fen court cases were won in
forwarded." said Hudson. Syracuse Tuesday concclning the

Accordingto Hudson. about I000 residency requirements. The at- <' ’, W
New York State students are torney representing the students ' -
affected bythis decision. "Unlessthc argued that the law is un-
botlrds take action. these students constitutional. “The individualcases
will be ineligible to vote." mwm'uidﬂuﬁg‘hhl-

New York State law requires remains onthc books. For every case
students to register to vote at their we win, hundreds go untried."

PAGE THREE

“‘12,: .m .w y

....:...r.,ﬂ~ «.

        

 

; l

