 

 

 

 

wLm—HMV—z‘ﬁ-va‘pL‘ .. ..  

*As nominees for  we and llketo

express :ot‘l" disappointment and frustration ’

‘reprdingthe in whiehthis
season was handled. The possibility that any
irregularities (unpaired in rue-am as»
cotld take place in thy election is extremely
‘dlshsartemng Myskatda is the honorary
society at SUNYA wiser. upholrh'tlse tradi-
tion of our. us‘iversity. We realiaedthelmpor-

' tanee of Myskanis when we nondnated

ourselves.We never question the credibility
of this sociay audit was assumed. as in any
eleaion. that the tallying of theballots would
be treated only in a fair manner.
We are disappointed in the fact that even a
possibility of such an injustice and mistreat-
ment of voter‘s rights could take place. Since,
according to Tuesday's ASP. conflicting
opinidns exist to whether or not such an elec-
tion irregularity did take place. wefeel it is im-
perative to further pursue this issue to ﬁnally
determine the real occurrences concerned with
the tallying. If. in fact. such an irregularin did
occur. we can only hope that the member ‘ of
Myskania would recognize such an injustice
and correct it by a new election.
Sincerely.
Matthew Kaufman, Myskania Chairman ‘77
Dan Gaines Lisa Biundo
Jonathen Levenson . Patty Helbock
Dianne Piche Cheryl Schneider
Bryant Monroe Gary Parker
Roger Herbert Jeff Hollander
Rich Greenberg Greg Lessne
Vicki Kurtzman

shhhhhhhhhh

To the Editor:

The building is located on Ontario Street.
lt's atmosphere is embedded with tradition.
from it's two enormous front lawns to the os-
tentatious concrete pillarsthat greet you at the
front entrance. From all appearancesthe quiet
dorm is stately and regimented. The in-
habitants come and go at all hours. much like
any other dorm and all appear normal.

Once inside this building. one is rudely
greeted by a silent hush. it almost dares youto
make noise. A sharp clap is heard as the door
closes behind you. Upon closer inspection.
there does seem to be some noise. but quickly
that noise fades away. and no other noise
rushes in to reinforce the sounds, which are
now succumbingto the tomb like aphony. ln
climbing the stairs to the second floor. one is
unable to locate a single audible sound of
human life. After surveyingthe second floor. a
familiar cliche comes to mind; it is so quiet.
you could hear a pin drop. well maybe you
won‘t but someone in the quiet ward will. The
quiet ward is inhabited by six females whose
main regret in life is that it's too noisyto study
on Friday night. Please don't get the ideathat
this muted elite was placed there against their
own will. Each of them has requested this sec-
tion. if you would wishto be part ofthe quiet
ward you must have a ridiculous low level of
noise tolerance that deserves scientiﬁc and
psychological investigation. In addition to the
above, these silent sweethearts are in complete
agreement on three main principles: I) In
general. people open their windows too loud-
ly. 2) There is nothing more distracting than
someone rolling a joint when you‘re trying to
study. 3) All will applytolive infuneral homes
next semester.

As i look down the hall. l remember yester-
day when 1 ran into Miss. Wretched on the
way to my third floor room.. Miss. Wretched.
one of the voluntary commitentstothe second
floor quiet ward. lives directly below me. It
should be noted that Miss. Wretched is en-
dowed with super senses. capable of hearing a

lifesaver crack from fifty yards away. Her
companions thoughnot as keen. have detected
pillow ﬁghts from two floors above them.
When I saw Miss. Wretched yesterday, her
complaint was reasonable and not unjustiﬁed.

PAGE TWELVE

remove a bagel“ marshmﬂowi. the large kind.
Suddenly I'm rippedhy a desire and without
a thought for anyone living around me. I bedn
hurling them on the floor. Almost immediate-
ly. the phone starts rinp'ng. ,

Sotﬁnk it over before you sign a semester
of your life to a quiet dorm. ‘
Jack Simmorl

up for it?

To the “for:

Haygirl Magazine is interested in inter-
viewing male students. ages 18-40. for possible
nude photography in the magazine. lf chosen
as a centerfold. the student will be featured in a
nine page pictorial essay showing his in-
dividual lifestyle. The centerfold subject will
receive a fee of 82.000.00. payable as a
scholarship or in cash. upon publication of the
photographs.

Applicants are also elibilble for Playgirl's
“Discovery” and “Horoscope” selections. with
fees of Sl.000.000 and $500.00 respectively.
Entries may be considered for Playgirl's
“Natural Man Contest” to be held later this
year, and which will offer $l00.000.00 in cash
and prizes.

Interested students should submit live or
more color photos (polaroids are ﬁne). in-
cluding a full face close-up and a full ﬁgure
frontal nude to: Photo Editor. Playgirl
Magazine. 180l Century Park East. Suite
2300. Los Angeles. California. 90067. All
photos received will be treated confidentially
and will be returned if accompanied by a self-
addrused. stamped envelope.

Students who will have a different summer
addressahould indicate where they may be
reached in both summer and fall.

Should a student be chosen for Playg'rl.
photographs will be taken at the student‘s
home or a mutually acceptable location.

Marin Scott Milam
Editor-in-Chief. Playgirl Magazine

administrative errors

To the Editor:

Throughou. the past semester we have
worked hard and dilegently to defend and
preserve our Program. However. as it‘s near-
ing exam time we must face the task at hand.
Therefore. at this time. we wouldlike to ex-
press our deep appreciation to all those who
supported the cause. Although or efforts have
proved to be in vain. we still feel the need to
speak out on some important issues which
effect this University.

Oncthing we've discovered in our struggle is
that democratic ideals are not upheld by the
administration. Wc‘vc confronted constantly
with evidence disproving many of the claims
against our Program. Yet. the Dean. the Vice-
President. and the President as well as the
Task Force simple ignored. but could not
ref utethern. They've been inconsistent intheir
analysis of our Program inthelight of others;
overlooking the same weaknesses in many for
which they've nailed us. and likewise ignoring
favora blc appraisals of our program.
(Graduate Academic Council and outside
evaluations), which other programs luck. We
do not mean to degrade other departments by
this statement. We simply want a fair break.
The administration has been totally unrespon-
sive and obstinate in dealing with faculty and
students who hold contrary views. Further-
more. they've been insensitive to the desires of
the community and the legislature. We‘ve
become an object of ridicule because ltalian-
American legislators have ralliedto our cause.
But this brings up animportant point. If the

own fancies? { W
respo _hle'to someone

to whom. Do they thing that they‘reabove the
scrutiny of tax-paying New Yorkers? ls this

rather. a lessen

University an independent monarchy! 0b- , '

viously they are going ahead withthey’re own '

plans without regard to those whom they have
been supposedly hired to- serve. Meanwhile.
many members of the untouched departments
are turning their heads \and ignoring the
decimation of worthwhile programs like ours.

' and like Puerto Rican Studies, and Nursing

How long will it be before We cease to be an
University and become a specialized
bureacratic machine? -
Already administrative bureaucracy has
made blunders costly to students. In par-
ticular. the high-cost per credit of the Italian
Program. which so astutely pointed out to-
everyone, is a result of the administration‘s
poor planning. not ours. Why should our
Program he disgraced for their lack of
foresight? Why should the students suffer?

They've got both the money and the know-

how to save, at the very least. our B.A. but

their implistic solutions coupled with their

blatant prejudice denies us all hope.
Francesco ltaliano.

tenure denied

To the Editor:

This letter is written is response to the denial
of tenure to Dr. Judith Fetterley of the
Department of English. We feel that this is a
loss not only tothe English Department but to
the entire university community. Dr. Fetterley
provides the students of this campus with an
unusually stimulating classroom experience.
In large measure. her excellence as a professor
stems from her abilityto integratethose ideas
developed in her research into the framework
of her lectures and the discussions she en-
courages. It is for this reason that her
classroom is a center of intellectual growthfor
both herself and her students. She is constant-
ly involved in a creative and intellectual
process. the results of which are not solely
limited to publication. but as much a signiﬁ-
cant part of the classroom experience. In this
way. her students both witness and inspire
Professor Fetterley’s important literary and
critical achievements. This is true of all her
courses. whether they be in various areas of
American literature. in Critical writing, or in
Women in literature. In every course. she
brings to the study of literature an exciting
way of thinking. However. to us. it is in her
courses in Women in Literature that she is
most valuable to students. Her feminist
analysis of literary works mus! bcincluded as
an integral part of the curriculum of the
English Department.

Hcr achievements. however, are not
restricted to the conﬁnes of the classroom.
More than any other teacher we know. she
combines the personal with the intellectual
and has had. as a result. tremendous impact on

4 the lives of her students. lnthcir evaluations of
her. students have written such things as “her
insights are applicable to my lifc“: “deep com-
mitment to the subject“; “one of the most
stimulating and eye-opening courses I've ever
taken"; "shc strongly believes in what she
teaches"; “l was made to think and grow. not
just digest and accept"; “she is scnsitivcto the
students and has an excellent rapport with the
class"; "the class. the instructor. the subject
matter. were a constant source of discussion
outside the classroom"; “very enthusiastic“;
“I've never enjoyed a course so much. not to
mention got so much out of one." The
relevance of her teaching is a quality seldom
seem in a professor with such an outstanding
record in scholarship. Therefore. it is our
belief that to deny Dr. Judith Fetterley tenure
is to deny SU NYA a rare opportunityto retain
a person who is truly a valuable scholar and
teacher.

Susan Lubowitz
Judy lilienfcld
Geoffrey Grccnstein
Ericu’ Silverman

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

To the Editor:

This is in response to the article printed in
Tuesday, May 4th's ASP which reported the
death of Gndy Rubin. A neWspaper article of
this type cannot possibly psy adequatetribute.
Cindy Rubin was fatally struck by a car Satur-
day night May lst on Fuller Road while walk-
ing towards Stuyvesant Plaza. Cindy was
many things to many people. but most of all
she was deeply loved. It‘s difﬁcult for us to un-
derstand why Cindy was taken at such a young
age - after only 19 years. But. these 19 years
were ﬁlled with joy and happiness for all who
knew her.

Although Cindy is irreplacable steps can be
taken to prevent a similar tragedy. We feel that
the school community should an on what has
happened by installing streetlights on Fuller
Road and a trafﬁc light at the intersection of
Perimeter and Fuller Roads.

One of Cindy's attribute‘s was her in-
telligence and academic perseverance and for
this reason we feel it would be anoronriate to
establish a Cindy B. Rubin Memorial
Scholarship Fund. Let this not be a senseleSS
tragedy, but a lesson for us all.

Friends of Cindy Rubin

dance movement hurt

To the Editor:

This letter is in response to the decision to
deny tenure to Maude Baum. assistant
professor of dance at SUNYA. Ms. Baum is.
at present. the only instructor of dance at
Albany. In the past years she has shown
herself to be a highly skilled instructor; and
has involved herself in developing a dance
program at SU N YA. She is responsible forthe
formation of the SUNYA Dance Council
which, as one of its f unetions. organizes dance
productions within the University and
throughout the community.

As students of dance we are outraged bythis
decision. The recent refusal to grant Maude
Baum tenure will deny the University ofa ﬁne
dance instructor. Without thescholarship and
enthusiasm of Maude Baumthe movement to
give dance its proper place in the University
Community will cease to exist.

Rita lppolito
Member. Dance Council

nursing the wound

To the Editor:

It is with respect and admiration that we
view the deep commitment which you have
demonstrated throughout this recent period of
great turmoil. You have used every reasonable
resource in mustcring energy and support for
maintaining the School of Nursing at SUNY-
Albany and have organized peaceful but
powerful displays throughout the Capital Dis—
trict of the strength of your purpose. Your
strength has given us continuing energy and
support in our struggleto provide high quality
health care for the people of New York State.

The pride whiclt we experience now is per-
sonificd in all of youas you are amongthc very
finest students which this university has to
offer. We believetlratthc nursingleudcrs ofto-
day have a great deal to lcarnfrom you dedica-
tion to the growth of baccalaureate nursing
education. As nursing increases in power
among the respected professions. we have no
doubt that you will use the wisdom gained in
these recent experiences to pursue this
challenge and certain realitv.

School of Nursing Faculty

MAY 7, 1976

 

it 'paldoff. l'm excited about next year. ,
8 * - SA Vice Resident Gary Parker.-
upon his victory in the runoff

 Manama YOU THINK?“

I

 

Castles Sojourning

by Ken Wax

 

Friday. May 7. For the ASP. it's the last issue of the semester. For Kcn Wax. graduating
columnist. it's the last issue. . . forever. Since I trunsl'crcd hcrcthrcc years ago l‘ve been writing
for the ASI’. And this is the last one. My final article calls for a piece which will sum it all up. a
soft tcndcr column which puts all the years into perspective. A piece which will deftly capturethe
dclicatc sentiments involved in leaving collcgc. An article whose tone and style are befitting the
signiﬁeancc of the topic this momentous moment. A truly spectacular masterpiece. one which
wields tltc English language strikingly and memorably.

That‘s what I'd like to do. llul I cannot. l'nl’ortumucly. circumstances. mainly rculily, won't
allow me to do Because this year is l'i/rling out. dully linishing itself as so many bcforc it have
done. without stopping to rculi/c what‘s going on.

We're leaving! About two thousand of us. we‘re leaving this sheltered world where we have
lived for the past few years. venturing out there into a hostile World whose job market neither
needs our wants us. And the school year has the inscnsitivily for our plight as to run out as
normal. without even a Ilinch.

l handed in a term paper last week. my last term paper of my college career. and probably
forcvcr. But the teacher took it just as he accepted everybody clsc's. 'l‘hcrc were no musical
crcsccridos as l placed it on the stack of papers. no grand firutlcs, no nuthin‘. A junior put his
paper down on top of mine; to him it wasjust another pupcr. His will be viewed the some as my
ﬁnal academic endeavor. is there no justicc'.’

When i was younger. much younger. l imagined a scene that would occur at the end of my
collcge years. I would be in my professors office. a full-fledged. beard pipe sweater-with-
lcaiher-patchcs-orrthc-clbows professors. We would be looking back over the lessons college
has taught me. and he would offer mctruc insight ilslt) what l wantcdfromlhc real world beyond
those ivy-covered towcrs.

Well. that‘s not the way it turned out. ’lltis campus has ivorytowcrs rather than ivy-covered
ones. and the only thing my professors will talk to me about is rust grades. instead of a fatherly
“Well. Ken. let's talk about yourfururc." I get a " Well.083-4(l-80| 7. you got 83. 79 and lib. That's
a ‘B'. Good Luck."

Just as high school. nndjunior high before
Jobs which require intelligent people wlrocon assess sil uulions ill
and I only know how to take tests and write term papers.

But l'm convinced it will all work out. As poorly prepared and confused as we set out intothc
World. countless previous classes have done it just thc saute for it long time. They’ve done all
light. I'm not too worried. l look around and see all these fantastic people in amaring positions
dOing spectacular things and consider that a While ago they were fcrhlungconed punks like us,
They got there somehow. and when they leave there‘s goingto he a void there. And one of us will
take it. Youjust wait and see.

it. collcgc proves itself a bit of a disappointment.
rd think on their feet are calling.

So I leave college. The pages close. and college get rcﬁled under Memories. This column has
followed me through SUNYA. I've had u lot of experience because of it. and it's been fun. I only
hope that a couple of those articles have brightened your day with a chuckle or two.

Laugh.

And if they haven't w you're sick and should see a psychiatrist.

lltr.‘ Albany Silulmnt Puma lam. tow z; {Hit

it) lwrl for tlw inut firm} lln‘. ‘.t‘5ltt“.it‘l

This; ‘illilfd‘ r‘; (Imlrrurtrrrl to {lump
weary people who have lost m.my nights 5

of sleep to make it (ill pnssrhlo

 

 

seam

MASTHEAD STAFF
STEPHEN DerANxA
MANAGING ronou SPENCE RAooro
News sorrnu DAVID WINZIiLﬂlillCr
AssocIATs Ntws Nitrous .................................... .. AMch Hurtzunnc. CYNTHIA HACINLI
Paooun'um umu'rn Loursu MARKS
Assot'IA‘rs nonut‘rroN MANAGERS ........................................ .. ELer FINE. Pint. Monaa
EnrrosuAr. moss intro-I KEN WAX
Ants & rrzAruurs mitosis ....NM)Ml FRrrsDMNnua. S‘rlil'lll-ZN ElSliNMAN
Sronrs sm'rosr NATHAN SALANT
ASSOCIA'I‘E scours snrrou ................................................................. .. MICHAEL Preansxr
Arrvturrsrm; mmnns lltuuv Al.|lllli(‘lll‘. Li's ZUCKERMAN
AssocIA'rs Auvssrrrsmr; MANArrru ............................................................... .. LISA Brunuo
CLASSIFIED-GIMFHTI umu‘rn KENNETH Conn
husmrss mm”- nmm O'CONNOR

Enrrou IN culsr

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sin/f writers: Dan Gaines. lletry Stein. Paul Roscnthal. Sue Miller. llryan Holzberg

A.I’. & lat/fur managers: Matt Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Preview: Joyce Fcigcnbaum

Ill/ling: Sue Donrrcs

Corn/mutton manager: Ellen Boisen
A.l'.l'f.t'lfl’ll (‘mnporillon manager: l’utrick McGlynn

Iqud I)'[)i.t'l.' Lcslic Eisenstein

I’rudut'liml.‘ Janet Adler. Patty Ahern. Joan Ellsworth. Judi Hcitncr. Marge Hogarth. Vicki
Kummun. Kathy Lam. More Leve. 'l'aniu Levy. Michele Lipton. Rich Mcrmelstein. Janet
Meunier. Susan Miller. Debbie Riegcr. Joan Silverblatl

Arlverllslng [Iroducliuru Jeff Aronowitz. Brian Cahill. Kelly Kita. Anne Wren

Graphics manager: Roberta Goldman

Adrm’nlsrrullve Arslrlunl: Jerelyn Kaye

I’holography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and Camera Club

7hr Albany Studerl Press is puhllrhed every Tuesday and Friday during the school yew excepr
holidays. Iz‘dilarlal policy is the rerpomlblllly oflhe Editor in Chief and sub/eel to review I) y Ihl
Masllread SM”. Mnln ofﬁce.- CC 329; telephone: “7-8892. Address mall Io: Albany Student
Press. CC 329, I400 Washington Avenue, Albany. NY [2222. Funded by Student Asroclallon.

 

 

 

 

