    
  
 
 
   
      

  
   
  

VMW, .4. .s.

 

 

 

 

 

3
¥
5
'3

 

. maimed 

    

 

i-
r
i.
,i
3:

t

 

   
 

j Officials .r on trauma.—
WHO—saidtbelastcase’softhcdl :

 
    

 

two years? time. WHO will declare

I the plague officially‘ejradicated. en-

 

ding a massive worldwide campaign
it began in I967. '
v Medical laboratories thoughout
the world have already begun to
destroy stocks of smallpox virus.
used to make vaccine, to prevent an
accidental revival. The last seven vic-
tims are in three villages isolated in
the desert region of Bale, some 200
miles south of Addis Ababa. WHO
said. Hardly any one travels there.
and the disease has not spread. The

  

experts are confident it will not doso '

all phas :s of men's
and women's
contemporary
hair styling

appointments only
458-1533

an individual
flair of styling
for you

 

 

 
    

peter romano

achievement of the campaign was in
India. where the battle was
hampered by the sheer site of the
population—600 million—and a
religious significance of the disease
for Hindus.

Officials hailed the eradication of
smallpox in India in l975 as “a
genuine public health miracle.“ Dur-
ing an epidemic in I974. in which
"38.000 were stricken and new
died. lndian and WHO officials sent
“search and containment” teams
through the countryside by
helicopter. jeep and riverbmt. They
would vaccinate eieryone within
miles of a known case and them take
measures to isolate the diseased. If

including a house-to- -
in the three villages.
x is caused by a virus that
is transmitted only by direct contact
among persons. Before. modern
medicine brought it 'undercontrol.
waves of the plague swept through
whole continents. decimating pop-
ulations and leaving survivors mark-
ed with ugly pockmarlts and
sometimes blind.

There is still no known treatment
for the disease. and its origins are a
mystery. But it can be prevented by even one personescapcdmedmgmn
Vacc'mnon' he could plant the disease in a new

When the WHO campaign to men.
eradicate the disease began in I967.
an estimated I0million to lSmillion
persons were infected and two
million died in 43 countries. mainly
in Latin America. Africa and Asia.

Probably the most dramatic

Total Budget

The WHO‘S total budget for the
worldwide program is $83 million
through I978. The funds are provid‘
ed by members of the world health
body. but they arejust a fraction of
the total—estimated at more thsnSi
billion a year—spent by national
health services acting in coordina-
tion with the WHO.

CDTA Buses

can/inuerl from page one

Di Mco added the committee would
also study the present bus senice to
seek improvements.

DiMeo said many complications
existed in the committee's studies
such as the possibility of CDTA
‘he cutting co. resolving Fegfgalsrscinée; andd‘con-

Si craionso e v; us rivers”

‘05 w'o" “1' existing contracts.

colonic, n.y. Also on the committee are
students Anne Markovti.z. Dand
(iold. 'l‘odd Miles. and SA \ice~
President Gary Parker. Administra-
tion members include Robert Stierer
(Finance and Business). Neil Brown
l (Student Affairs). Ira De\‘oc iPlzint

 

 

,AJ ' "rtition). Knriecn Karlson

 

 
 
  

 

PAGE TWO

DON LAW and RENSSELAER CONCERTS
IN ASSOCIATION WITH WQBK FM 104 PRESENT

 

Reserved seating: $6.50, 5.50, £50
25s discount to RP! students with ID. st Fieldliousc box office only
Tkhts available at R” Fleidliouse. lust a
Ticketh outktsi Boston Stores in lath-n ends: lady; Carl Co.
in Sauloga and Srkmrtady.‘ Macy‘s in Cab-sis: Bears in Calorie.
Kinder and Pamela.

(Student Affairs). and J. .l. Olsen
(Motor Pool).

Colonials Get Off

wminued from page one

pus.“ Hc siiid. "’lhc arrest of the
eleven students is Indltttlnc of the
luck of communication between the
administration and their students.

Luft said. “The students have no
input in administrative dccrsions.“
He continued. “When thc students
want to mtikc their input noticed to
the administration. they immediate-
ly stamp out the protesting voices."

According to Lull's doctrine. the
SOP is attempting to organi/e
themselves claiming that the SA
doesn't actually rcprcscnt the needs
of SUNYA students.

When asked about how they felt
about their ordeal. the arrested
students reacted favorably.

“ Well. we feel that it was n‘t it total-
ly lost cause and that thc administra-
tion knows the students aren't just
going to sit by and be apathetic and
accept the decisions of the tid-
ministrntion." said Steve (irant.

"I felt it was all worthwhile.
hopefully other students will take up
the u:tnt: sentiment and apathy will
not prevail on our campus
anymore." said Michele (itipriniky.

The last thing Judge Keegiin said
to the departing students as they
made their way outside the court
room was. “See. our system works
after all."

in Albany. and

 

  

 STUDENT Panes

    

lElS

Syria Revenges Palestinian Attack
DAMASCUS. Syria (AP) The Syrian government hanged [hm pm
Palestinian gucrillas at dawn yesterday in swift retribution for a bloody raid
on a Damascus hoteljust 24 hoursearlier. A fourth guerilla and four hoslages
were killed and 34 hostages were wounded in a seven-hour billlle forthe
Semiramis Hotel in the most daring Palestinian attack yet in Syria. The thm
surviving terrorists were hanged in a public square facing the luxury lung).
Their bodies. clad only in white tunics. were left dangling in nooch for six
hours as thousands of Syrians pressed around the gallows and climbed to
balconies and rooftops to see the victims.

BTC Involved in WIretqsplng

CHARLOTTE. N.C. (AP) Bell Telephone did the wiring for Fill wiretaps
and cooperated with the FBI for more than 30 years in setting up wiretaps
without court orders. the Charlotte Observer reported ycsicrday. Th.
Observer said these wiretaps were put on the private telephone lines olsuch
people as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.. Muhammad Ali and Dr. Mono"
Halperin. The newspaper said it based its information on unnnmcd sources
and statements by retired Bell ofﬁcial Horace Hampton. Hampton testified
earlier this year in a lawsuit against Bell filed by Halpcrin. in former llltlt‘ln
Secretary of State Henry Kissinger at the National Security Council.

   
  
  
 
 
 
 

   
  
 
 

African Nations Seek British Resolve

LllSAKA. Zambia (AP) Presidents of five black African nations hm:
rejected the plan of Rhodesia‘s white minority rulers to transfer pml't‘l’lothr
black majority but agreed to confer on establishment of un lilicrlm
government. They called Sunday for a British-sponscrcd conl'crcnct- in
determine the procedure under which Rhodesia‘s whites wrll yield poncrm
the blacks. Britain replied it would begin talks within 48 hours to set up sucln
meeting. In Salisbury. Rhodesia. Prime Minister liin Smil h rcncicd icrsch‘lo
the black leaders‘ demands. saying. “it looks as though the ('uininunisunn
caliingthe tune inthosc parts." Hcsaid he would give “u littlc bu ol'uucnuun'
to the matter but would wait reaction from the United Stincsnnd llrinm

NY Plant is Object of Environmental DEC Probe
NIAGARA FALLS. N.Y.(AP) A team of20 stiitc inspectors begun chucking
the Hooker Chemicals & Plastics Corp. plant Monday to tlctcrmint' \tlltll
chemicals the plant is discharging into the Nltlgilril RI\L'l. llu- \lllll.‘
Department of Environmental Conservation hild unnounccd nit-r 1hr
weekend that ti thrcc-dtiy study would be made. An EuCon \ptilxslnltlltilld
the inspection was ti result of a report several weeks ago that llllith‘l’ nun h-
the source of ti cancer-causing clicmiculcompoutid Mii'cx llnu was ltllilldlll
high lC\L‘lS in Lake Ontario lish.

Boston School Recovers From Strife

BOSTON (AP) Cliisscs tit Hyde Park High School begun \inlmui irouhli'
yesterday with additional policemen at the scene. l’tlplls \\t'|t' wni humr
bclorc the start of school last Friday after it confrontation lu-iucrn Mum
and hlncls. Seven persons were injurcd and II tirrcstcd ulici lighting
inxohing a few pupils at Hyde Park on Friday. The School lnlnnnunun
Center said whitc pupils urriving today did not enter the building .u liruund
police moved Ihcm itthy. Black pupils arrived on ltllscs nnd L'lllL‘lL'tl. .iml
after that. the whites :ilsowcni into the building through thc "MI" “1‘1"”
the ccntcr stud.

Buffalo Teacher Strike Ends

BUFFALO (AP) Buffalo's 3.500 public-school lL‘ilt‘llt‘i‘s. nnnu~ .i Ill“
ctiniruci. returned to classrooms Monday after it 20-day strikc iliui t’mlllll‘l“
SS million in wagcs and their tinion $50,000. In addition. I’rcmlmu Ilium-h
J. Pisa ofthc Buffalo'l'ciichcrs Federation. the union. luccs .ltldnn Ill ).u| \'1
90 schools opened as scheduled and attendance was reported nun l\ iiollll-l]
among the 56.0th pupils. School‘s Supt. Eugcnc l’. Rt'HllL' lhr I’nl‘lh
Employment Relations Board proposed during the \vt-ckrud ill-ll "1“
teachers and the lloiird of Education agree to subiuitiuill W“ ‘h‘l'mm
contract issues to binding arbitration.

Auto Strike Remains Stalemated

DETROIT (AP) The nationwide strike against Ford Motor t‘n nuncd “ll”
its l3lh diiy yesterday after sporadic wcckcnd bargaining sessions NWT"
loft-Icch officials for the U nitcd Auto Workers and the notion“ 7‘“ hm"
maker. Negotiations in the strike against Ford by 170.000 UAW “Wmm’
were marked Sundiiy by meetings in which union pl‘csldt‘ilt 160W“
Woodcock rind vice-president Kcn Bunnon conferred with l‘UHl "'“U‘m
Neither side would disclose the specific isnues discusscd. Sidnc)‘ l' M‘Mmm'
lord's chief burgtiincr. said in a weekend statement. “A Life)” "‘”"-‘ "mill.
issues remain to be resolved. rind we are working diligently WWW", “ml will

He stud the talks were covering economic rind noncconomic issues.

union Workers Strike Columbia U

Nil-w you“ (Ap) Muinunam and ﬂour“), workers struck ('uluniliu
University yesterday. with pickets appearing after u 6 run. sll‘ll‘c "mum
No trouble on the campus was reported by police as about 70” “WWW” “I

I‘m" 24' or "w 'llrilmllort Workers Union stayed off the .iOh- H” “""m'
[K'l

wuhout n contract since June 30. had sought ll pay hike of nrountl “W
‘3in ﬂ year in ll two-year contract. According to the union l”""""""
Lullimhi“ Willie Offer durintt four months of negotiation l'iult-tl in muff:
"‘"mllii WWW lost to inﬂation. Current pay of the strikers ru Iigcs from 3M-
iin hour for cleaner to-Sli.9ll for power engineers.

SEPTEMBER 28. 1976

‘78  ¥ V I
Looks  Griz-smart

 

by Gavin Murphy . ’ .

Members of the newly-formed
class of '78 financial committee dis-
cussed ways to pay off the $4,387.74
their class owes to UAS in a short
meeting held Friday afternoon with
Director of Student Activities Pat
Buchaltcr.

Present were class committee
members Norman Schwartz. Allan
Kaufman. Class Treasurer Gary
Bennett. and Buchultcr.

Monthly lnstallments

A monthly installment plan.
where the class would make one pay-
ment of approximately $600 every
month for the rest ofthc school year
was discussed. but rejected in favor
of It plan that calls for two large
payments. one each semester this
year. both for more lhiln $2.000.

The committee is planning to ob-
tain the money to piiythc debts from
this yctir‘s cltiss dues. The Class of

 

'78. according” to Buchalter. is “the
largest class in the instit ution" and is V
expected to shell out over $3.000
each semester in optional class dites.
Buchaitcr came out in favor ofthc
two semester payment plan. advising
the committee members to get rid of
the problem as soon as they can.
The debts. which are the result of
ove'rspending on class sponsored
parties over the last two years. most-
ly for food and drink. include'
$i.8|6.l7--~still owcd for last year's
“Halloween C ostumc Extravnngiin-
1a" held Friday. October 3| in the
Campus Center Ballroom.
Sl.4l(l~rowcd for The Class of ‘78
party held last Sept. 20 in the Com-
pus Ccntcr Ballroom.
$458.7l mfor a party held on Dutch
Quad. April 24.
$702.53-—for ti putty in the Dutch
Quad U lounge. March l3.
$4.387.74 Ioliil

 
  

  
    

  

 
 

 

 

 

 
   

 

 
  

  

 

 

   

 

    

  

  
 
 
 

   

Dluetor of Student Activities Pat luelialtsr points out ways of paying off Class of "II stable It a '_
Finance committee meeting Frldsy.

New procedures for dealing with , power as as result of the debts.

cluss expenditures have been, cs-
tttblislicd by the class council to pre-
vent any more deficits and. decor-
ding to Buchulter. expenses “will be
cleared" through her office.

Class president. Marc Bcncckc.
liilS been relieved of any spending

Bencckc. who until now was very tic-
tivc in class finitnccs. was described
by council member Norman
Schwartz us "the great pnrticr“ and

' us it “valuable hard worker“ who was

“Willing to do work lust year when
others weren't."

Is Academic Advisement Really Necessary?

by Susan Emerson

Academic advisement is “unfor-
tuntitcly the subject of some degree
of complaint on every campus I
know anything about.“ says
SUNYA President Emmett B.
Fields.

His campus is no exception. Com-
plaints arc voiccd by studcnts. tid-
visors (faculty and nontcaching
professionals) and administrators
iilikc.

And the process of academic
tidvisemcnt ill SUNYA is currently
in il state of transition.

From total faculty :idviscmcnt
when the university was first cs-
tiiblishcd. to it system in the late 60‘s
and curly 70‘s whereby l'rcslimcn illid
sophomores were advised by non-
lcthlllng professional udvisors and
graduate students. the university is
moving toward what appears to be
almost total faculty advisement
ilgilin.

Academic ndviscnicnt iit SUNYA
is :1 topic which raises iiiiporttinl
questions. As it scrvicc or function of
the university subject to criticism
and out: whosc future is in limbo.

This series (ll iirticlcs will seek to
examine some of those questions. To
be considered are what advisement
should be and whether it should be
mandatory or optional. who should
bear the responsibility of itdvisc-
meal. the problems of faculty incen-
lives and career tidviscmcnt. illld the
future of ticudcmic advisement tit
SUNYA.

Academic advising should he tin
interactive process. according to
Bruce (irtiy. ussocitilc dciiu of Uti-
chl'Sll)’ College. flit office was
ct'cuicd in the (10‘s for freshmen and
sophomore advisement. It is "on the
one hand. somebody who knows
about the institution." and "on the
olhcr litrud. at student who is con-
cerned than they will receive mus-
imum benefit from the un-
tlci'grudtiutc cxpcricncc at this lil-
slitutinn.“ Silltl (iraiy.

When pressed for n more concrete
citpliiuution of thc advisement
process. (irny said. "It‘s the student.
in my mind. who sets the tune." By
this (iruy says he means that u stu-
dent will ultimately receive from tid-
visilig \\'llttl lie/slit: wants to receive.
this ctiii rniigc anywhere from seek-
ing udvicc on a future lifestyle to
Iiici'cly receiving the signed program
card that is necessary for prcrcgistrti-

arrows at. are

lion.

(All student comments are taken
from actual interviews conducted
randomly on the SUNYA campus.
but names have been changed.)

Roxanne. a senior biology major.
says illl tidvisor should be someone
who is “interested in you personally.
'l'hcrc‘s so many times they don't
even care.“ she says. “I remember
one semester my iidvisorjust handed
me it blank card with his signature on
it."

She sttys she would also like ud-
visors to know more about coursc
content and “what courses would be
better in the long run. You don‘t
really take a rounded out sclicdulc."
slic comments.

But ltoxunnc admits. “Maybe it‘s
my attitude when I go in.“ She says
she usually has her program planned
and goes to sec on ildl'lSOl‘ with the
altitude lluit “cvcrythiiig's under
control.“

"I‘m looking for confirmation.“
siiys Sue. il senior English major. She
also says ltcr program is planned in
advance. and she sucks from tln ud-
visor it discussion ofthc “advantages
rind disadvantages of my choices.
I‘m taking advantage of their ex-
pcricncc.",shc conimcnts.

Suc siiys the first tidvisor she had
ut the university gave her no real iii-
lcrlcrcucc rcgiirdiug her choices.
“But that‘s when i could have used
tltc advice.“ she adds.

 
 

,>
.4

.t"

.lctinnc. u freshman interested in
political science. says she would like
tangible tidvicc from an tidvisor.
“Especially its a freshman I didn‘t
know what to expect.“ she says.

Junior transfer student Carolyn.
who is majoring in history. says she
feels that an :idvisor's function is
basically to sign It program card. “I
think I‘d probably be pretty stub—
born." she says. commenting on
accepting tinothcr's ildVlCC.

While individual diffcrcnccs'such
us these on the function of tidvisors
iind advisement ill't: disccrnuhlc. ii
common denominator is iippurcnt.
The more students think they know
what they want to achieve and how
to go tibout achieving it. the less tid-
vicc they suck from an iidvisor. “I do
what I want to do.“ says Ron. ii
senior business major. "I handled
everything myself. I never really
sought [:idvisors] out for tinyhclp."

Closely tied. tltcn. to what
students scck from the advisement
pro is whether they feel it is
necessary to see tin tidvisor tit tlll.

Accordingto (irny. SUNYA is the
only one of the four university
ccntcrs ill which it is mandatory for ll
st iidcitl to see lln udvisor before he or
she prcrcgistcrs for clussos. He says
hc feels this mandatory contiict is
beneficial. til least at first.

“This lunivcrsity] can bc ti
bewildering place." suys Gray. It
tends to be impersonal by virtue of

. ‘5 .

 

Students wall for thslr advisement at Unlvsrslty College. It Is "the subject of some degree of

  

its architecture iilonc. The first con-
titct [students] have with u represen-
tittivc of this university is with their
:idvisors."

Many univcrsity officials in close
contact with the advisement process
agree with “my. Acting vicc presi-
dcnt for academic affairs Dtivid
Milrllll says he feels it is not in the
best interests of students to lciivc ud-

rmr/inui'd on page/bur

     

Benecke also played an important -

rolein the now defunct Albany Cam-
pus Events group which collapsed
this summer after experiencing
financial difficulties and being
withcld SA funds by SA President.
Steve DiMeo.

Reservations Cancelled

The committee also discussed the
possibility of C(FSpOiISOI'lng parties
this your with other classes. although
reservations made by the class for
the Campus Center Ballroom during
October and November have bccn
cuticcllcd. The class is holding on to
one reservation made for thc Carn-
pus Ccntcr Bullrooi’ttin Dcccmbcr.

Plan Joint Parties

Members fch "the class name“
and reputation will encourage other
classes to throw it joint party with
lhcir cluss.

Balloting Begins Today
For SA Fall Elections

by (‘orinne Bernstein
SA elections for Ccllll’tll Council.
University Scnute illid SASU seats
will be held today. Wednesday tititl
Thursday instead of Monday. 'l'ucs-
day and Wednesday ilS scheduled.
Election Commissioner. Michael
Lissncr said elections were moved up
one day because the ballot must
appear in the ASP iIS stipulated by
Central Council election rulcs.
Lissner also said SA vice-
prcsidcnt (itiry Parker hiid wanted
to use voting mticliincs for the clcc—
lions in place of piipcr ballots and to
reduce them from three days totwo.
Voting machines have been used

 

d a . ,  

  
   

complalnt" according to Presldsnt Fields.

newsman PRESS

in the past but according to Lissner.
they have been obsolete oust-offs
from the City of Albany Election
Commission. If it machine breaks
down. so does the election process as
the mtichincsttikctmilongtorcpair.
according to Lissncr.

Lissncr siiid l’iirkcr wanted a con-
tingcncy plan where voting machines
would be uscd. but ballots could be
rciidy in case the machines did not
work out.

Lissncr was appointed Election
Commissioner two weeks ago by SA
President Steve DiMeo when Joe
Dicker. who had held the post for
just two wccks. rcsigncd without ex—
pluniition.

Election Continuity

“In ordcr for this election to go
well. | litid to follow some kind of
continuity because of the short titnc
and amazing contradictions iii-
volvcd.“ Lissncr said. "There is no
continuity in the position of election
commissioner."

Lissiier said. "I told Steve DiMco
i would not work on the rewrite of
election laws but thtit i would follow
what the regulations called for.“ Any
chungcs in ballots such us those re-
quested by l’nr'kcr had to he “on
Steve DiMco‘s desk" Sept. l7 at
noon. Lissncr said. but nothing was
written up.

Lissncr. whose appointment lasts
until this week‘s election results tire
tiibiiliitcd. said the changes should
be worked on now for the elections
in May. He said. “There seems to be
no enthusiasm for SA elections."
and this should be worked on for the
Spring elections.

Pens. w

 
    
 
    

 
      
       

I

(i‘ I
.
it
:4
'l
xl

 

 

 

