  
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
      
     
       
       
    
        
    
     
  

 
 

 
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
  

"us

 

trasi "
_ 27—President Ford's steady-antic-

    

 

goes pproseh. or Jimmy Carters
program for a “new beginning.”
While even Ford has expressed dis-

' appointment with the recent perfor-

mance of the nation's economy. the
question to be decided by voters is
whether Carter can do better.

' ‘ The goals of both presidential can-

didates for a balance budget. low un-
employment ‘and low inflation are
nearly identical. but the paths for
reaching» them are considerably
different. Ford says he would have a
balance budget by I979. although
unemployment would still be a

serious problem. Carter says he'

wouldn't have a balance budget until
l98l when there could be nearly full
employment as well. Ford proposes
to combat inﬂation by holding
government spending and balancing

‘ the budget. Carter puts less emphasis

on spending restraint. arguing in-
stead for government actions to hold

Moynihan

NEW YORK (AP) Daniel Patrick
Moynihan must know the New York
area regional chief of every federal
government agency on a first-name
basis.

If the former United Nations am-
bassador has one dominant cam-
paign theme, it is that he knows how
to tinker with the federal govern-
ment and get its dollars ﬂowing into
New York. “I think most New
Yorkers. and most Americans, agree
with me that our objective ought to
be not get the federal government off
our backs. but to get it on our side.”

To the Queens seniors it's federal
income tax rebates for property tax-
es. To the students at his old high
school in Manhattan it‘s more
school money. To the steelworkers

 

dim iris!» but than of com-
phrehiulvewapiandpriceeomroh:
Either plan, if it worked would
benefit cot-tuners in the long run
through more stable prices than they
have experienced for the putthree
years. But neither ' candidate
promises to reduce irllation below}
per cent in the near future. It is
between 5 and 6 per cent now.

Nothing points up the differences
between the candidates more than
their approach totaxes. Ford. taking
a traditional Republican approach
favoring smaller government.
proposes an additional sto billionin
tax cuts combined with spending
reductiorts of the same amount. The
result of Ford's approach. if
successful. would be more money in
the hands of taxpayers.

Although the economy grew at
what Ford conceded to be a disap-
pointingrate 0” percent inthe third
quarter of the year, he said his
economic advisers have assured him
the economy will yow between five
and six percent next year without a

 

 

cheap: in. economic polities. “We ‘ ‘

have come out of the recession and
we're well on(the road to real
prosperity in thii‘ country again,”
Ford said during his third debate
with-Carter.

Carter. on the other hand. says he
would redistribute part of the tax
burden to benefit lower-and middle-
income taxpayers, but not reduce
overall government revenues. He
says he would decrease taxes for low
and middle income taxpayers.
possibly up to an income range of
$25,000, by closing tax shelters and
lowering the tax rates.

Since closing tax shelters would
increase total revenues. he said it
may be possible to reduce tax rates
across-the-board by 35 to 40 per
cent. A cut in the tax rate does not
mean an actual tax reduction of that
amount. Carter has not said what
tax shelters would be closed. but he
has said it would be done so that
upper-income Americans and cor-
porations would end up paying
higher taxes for the most part.

Attracts Aid to N.Y.

in Buffalo, the state's unemployment
capital, it's “jobs. jobs,jobs." To the
two young university students who
approach him at midnight in a
Binghamton restaurant. it's federal
aid for the State University of New
York.

Moynihan told newspaper editors
in Binghamton this week that his
first priority in ofﬁce would be to
help arrange a “stretcheut” in New
York City‘s three-year debt plan.
“Make no mistake.” he said. the city
cannot balance its budget by next
summer.

The second priority be identified
was welfare reform. He favors com-
plete federal takeover of all welfare
cost. but says he would endorse a
federal assumption of just local

A GOOD
JOB OFFER

Consider being ti new accounts salesman or
saleswoman for the Albany Student Press.

Some sales experience is useful. and scar isessential.

You go into the business community for us. and bring
in accounts. You bring in one ad. and then you're

finished with it.

Then you go out and get more new accounts.

Depending how much the account you bring in
advertises with us. you can make upto S48.00.That'sa
maximum of $48.00 per account.

If you know about advertising, this statement will
make sense: “Erich new-account salesman or woman
makes 20% commission on new accounts up to 80

column inches per account.

If you get good accounts. you make good money.
interested? Call ASI’ Advertising Manaprs Dan
Gaines or Lisa Biundo for an appointment: 457-2190 or

457-8892.

(You can also call Dan at 783-524)

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

government welfare costs as a first
step. Third. he said. would be to
“light this upstate-downstate thing.”
Moynihan observed that disputes
between upstate members of con-
gress and downstate members fre-
quently split the state's delegation
and rendered it powerless when it
came to getting federal assistance.
He said this began to change
somewhat when-New Yorkers dis-
covered themselvcs in such bad
economic condition recently.

Benecke Pays

continued front page one

several options in the case. He can
dismiss the charges against Benecke.
give a disciplinary warning. issue
probation. suspension. or per-
manently expel him.

Although the CSC‘s recommen-
dation has not been released.
Benedict expects that Brown will
abide by the CSC‘s suggestions as to
what action should be taken against
Benecke. “So far. [Brown] has
always supported the Committee‘s
recommendations." suid Benedict.

Indian Quad

continued from page one

why Residence Office money should

be spent on maintenance services."
“Such a unit could be paid for in

three ways." commented Welty.

“Either residence pays for it.

physical plant swings for it or we
both chip in. I think that neither of
our budgets can afford the entire
cost. so hopefully we'll be able to
work out some kind of agreement
between the two of us."

     
 
 
  
 
  
   
   

NOTICE
In order to provide complete
election coverage. the Alhntty
Strident l'rcss will publish
Wednesday. Nov. .1. instead of
lilcction Dny. 'I'ucsdiiy. Nov. 2.

Election Day's III/r
l)mr‘l forget to \‘lllt‘.’

'I‘ut'rrlriy.’

 

 

  

   

 
 

 
  
 
 

 
 
  

U.S. Nagotlataa New Panama Canal Treaty

ANCON, C.Z. (AP) A civil suit filed in U. S. District Court hcrc contends
President Ford. Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger and U.S. Special
Ambassador Ellsworth Bunker are infringing the constitutional rights of
American residents of the Panama Canal Zone by negotiating a new cum]
treaty with Panama. The Associated Press erroneously reported earlier rhzrt
District Judge Gurthrie F. Crowe had issued a temporary restraining order
Wednesday stopping the negotiations. Crowe took under advisement an
application for the restraining order and gave Ford, Kissinger and Bunker or)
days to respond to the suit. The U.S. marshal's office here has set in motion
the machinery for them to be served summonses inconnection with the crrsc.

Sterlllzatlon In lndla Causes Protest
MUZAFFARNAGAR, India (AP) Moslem leaders claim police shot und
killed between 50 and ISO persons last week when residents protested rill
attempt to force sterilization of several men. In New Delhi. Prime Ministcr
Indira Gandhi admitted Wednesday that “some deaths" have taken place
over her government's sterilization program. But the district magistrutc here
denied there had been any shooting or that any one was forced to undergo a
vasectomy. He said “a small scufﬂe" took place but no one was hurt.
Residents claim regional authorities have been putting pressure on residents
of this lumber and sugar town of |00.000 people. I00 miles northeast of
Delhi, to accept sterilizaitonas part of the government's effort to stem India’s
population growth. The pressure has included several incidents of forced
sterilization. local Moslem leaders claim.

Ford Proposes Control of Nuclear Weapons
WASHINGTON (AP) President Ford is making final preparations to
announce his long-awaited proposals to control the spread of nuclcur
technology and weapons. The White House received seven weeks ago the
report of a government commission assigned by Ford last July to rcvicrt
American policy and recommend changes. Since that time. diplomttltt‘
sources report. American embassies abroad have been told to brief thc I4
members of the nuclear “suppliers club" on the new U.S. proposals and riilly
support for them. The club—including the U.S.S.R.. France. West
Germany. East Germany, Japan. and Great Britain— has been meeting
privately in London since I975 to consider the way it will provide nuclcur
technology to the developing world. Ford's proposals will be thc its
position when the club meets again. perhaps next month.

U.S. Support of South Korea Threatened
WASHINGTON (AP) State Department officials are worricd thur
disclosures of a Justice Department investigation into South Korcun
lobbying activities could lead to diminished U.S. public support for South
Korea‘s defense. The Korean peninsula is considered one of the ritual hitch
areas where a great power confrontation could take place. and officials Iicrc
are hopeful that recent disclosures will not divert attention front tltc high
political stakes in that region. Furthermore. the disclosures comc .rt it
particularly sensitive time. Congressional support for South Koren bus bccn
waning because of concern about what is viewed in some quitrtcrs to .r
dictatorial regime there and because of the desire to cut back U.S. ltth'CH
overseas.

UAW Proposes Workers Strike Deadllne

DETROIT (AP) The United Auto Workers has set 21 Nov. 5 deadline for :r
strike against Chrysler, but ii second I976 walkout seems unlikely. lhc union
told Chrysler Corp. Wednesday that “8,000 workers in 22 blilltfb rrurl
Canada would go on strike if agreement is not reached onri new conrrucr. but
it made clear that the walkout could be averted. "I don‘t bclicvc (‘hiyslct
wants ti strike. and we don't want to strike. but there's always upossihilll) rhur
a strike will occur." said UAW Vice President Douglas Fraser. “We've got rill
the major problems to resolve. but none are insurmountable.“ l'hc lTAVl
struck its principal bargaining target. Ford Motor Co.. on Sept. t4. and thc
two sides settled on a new contract 28 days later.

Defendants Plead Innocent In Bus Kidnap
MADEIRA. Clllf- (AP) Three men accused of kidnapping u buslrurrl ol
Chowchillu school children pleaded innocent Wednesday. liuch plcrrdcd
innocint through his attorney to 27 counts ofkidnnping the youngsters until
their bus driver and llicounts ofrobbcry involving pcrsoniil llClIln tulrcu lr out
the victims. The defendrintstrcderick N. Woods. 24. of Woodsidc. .I.unc»
Schocnfcld. 24. and his brother. Richard. 22. both of Atltcrrou told lill'
court that the innocent plcirs entered for them were correct. 'l'hc tilll‘ltllli'
hearing in Superior Court was on n defense request to movc the [Hill to .r
metropolitan rircrt. Tilt: defense request was opposed by Mudcru ( mum
[Di-“- ANY- David Minicr who said in an interview. “they can gct it fun ttlrtl
icre."

McCarthy Wins Temporary Reprieve In N.Y.
ALBANY. N.Y. (Al’) Eugene McCarthy won it temporrrry WWW”
lhursduy in his battle to be listed its an independent presidential cundrdutr- III
New York Strife. Chicl‘Judgc Chrirlcs lireitcl grrriitcd ll 24-hour stay I“ “W
Court of Appeals ruling that had removed the former Minnesota sclurlulls
name from the ballot one day earlier. He did so ill the request ofJohn ( '5” 1‘"
Rice. McCarthy‘s attorney. wltosrrid he needed time to trike the curse into rhc
federnl’courta. Rice was expected to appear before U.S. Suprcmc ('nu”
Justice l‘hurgood Marshall in Washington Friday. As the bend ofthe lcrlr'lill
court's Second Circuit, including New York. Marshall will decide a hill to do
until the high court acts. ~

#__.—-

OCTOBER 29. 1976

 

by Joanne Collis-

Three SUNYA professors have
been asked by local televisionstation
WTEN. Channel Ten. to assist
with its election coverage Tuesday
night.

They are Roman B. Hedges. Lyn-
da Powell. and Clifford W. Brown.
Jr. of the Political Science Depart-
ment and Graduate School of Public
Affairs (GSPA).

The three completed a telephone
survey of Albany area residents from
the 42nd State Senate District and
the 29th Congressional District this
week. Results of the survey will be
used by Channel to to help analyze
some of the reasons why people
voted the way they did.

According to Hedges. “This is a
political survey asking people ifthey

    

  

are going to vote. whothey are going
to vote for. and why. There is one
question each about Presidential.
Senate, and local races. The rest are
demographic questions and there are
some measuring political attitudes.
Polling was conducted from Mohawk
Tower on Monday. Tuesday, and
Wednesday by student volunteers
from GSPA, the Political Science
Department. and Shaker High
School.
Expertise At sunvx

Channel Ten news director. Tom
Bryson. said SUNYA was chosen to
do the survey “mainly because the
expertise was there.”

Said Bryson, “We had heard of
their (Hedges. Powell. and Brown)
work. The GSPA and Political
Science departments were our initial

» “\ .
university photo sarvlee

Non-handlcapped students spent Thursday In wheelehalra. polntlng
out problems faced by the handicapped on campus.

SUNYA-Soviet Student Exchange to Start

by Steve Brucketl

A student tllld faculty exchange
progrrim bctrrccii SUNYA rind the
M.\’, Lomonosoc Moscow Strife
University will begin in January. ne~
cording to Director of International
Programs. Charles Colman.

'l‘hc progrntn is the result of rind
agreement signed lll Moscow on Oc—
tohcr 5. by SUNY Chancellor Ernest
lioycr und Rector of the Moscow
Slrite University. Academician
Kholov. It is the first program of its
kind bcrwccn thc U.S. and tire Soviet
Union

Stage One

Colmun suid that tile first stage of
thc rigrccrncnt culls for sending
cithcr ten students to the U.S.S. R.
for one scmcster. or five st udcnts for
one full rrcttdcmic your.

SUNY llllb’ decided to send five
students for the ten months. I'lic

Soviet Union will send ten students
for one semester.

The second stage will cxehungc
twojunior faculty members. Ajtinior
faculty member is one who is not
considered it frrll professor.

Colmtin said that the fluid stage of
the den! culls for t he exchange of two
full professors. but the details have
not yet been decided.

The exchange students will be rihlc
to study any field. However. accor-
ding to Assoicritc Director of Inter-
national Programs for SUNY.
R obcrl Benedict. focus for
Articricutis will be on Slavic studies
and history.

licncdict Silld flint the Russians
will study social sciences. American
history. culture. politics itlltl
cconottiies.

'l‘hc Amct'icun .sl udcnts. riccording
to Column. will stay in tlic Moscow

contacts. We naturally gavitated
there."

On Monday. Channel Ten will
reveal some of the initial findings of
the survey. and accordingto Bryson.
one of the professors will be there.

All three are expected to be in the
studio Tuesday night. “As votes
come in we'll turn to them and ask
what the survey turned up. We‘ll use
it throughout the evening.” the news
director said.

Aside from using the survey on
election night. Hedges said it also
provides a teaching function. “It‘s
giving my students experience in
conducting a survey." he said.

Bryson sees the survey as a prac-
tical lesson in political science.
“Everyone has something to gain."
he said.

 

   
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

m phase
cttttord Brown of Political Science will be one of the three IUNVA

 
     
      

  

professors asstatlng with Channel Ten'a ateetlon nlght coverage.

Plight of Handicapped Shown

by Andrea Herzberg

“Who's good at doing wheelies?
Greek. Greek. showthcm how to do
a wheelie."

Stavros Dclambakis got into the

nearest wheelchair
News and gripped the tur-
ning wheel. In a few
Feature deft spins he

maneuvered the chair
up onto its rear wheel. like a
daredevil kid on u stingray bike. He

Strife dormitories. nnrl the faculty in
thc University Hotel.

The Soviet students will be housed
on the SUN YA campus. btit (.‘olmrrn
suidlltrtl it hasn‘t liccn decided whcrc
the Soviet fuculty will stay.

l“lllltrt.‘ Sovict students will he
place on other SUNY comprises.

Accordingto Column. thc Siivicls'
funds will be provided by on expec-
tunt grant from the U.S. State
Department.

State l’unds

When risked whrit would happen if
the State Department‘s grunt were
not approved. Colmrrn said. “We'll
cross thrit bridge when we come to it.
brit it will come through." l‘lllltls for
tho Americans will be provided by
the Strife government.

Benedict said the Soviet govern-
ment will provide rrrivcl cxpcuscs for
its st udcnts. however. I he Atticricnns

Rathskeller Bar Shows Proﬁt

by Matthew Cut

A profit of roughly four to five
pct cent is mirde on stiles in the
lRuthskcIler' Iliit. arceorurtig to UAS
(icncrul Mitnrigcr Norbert Zuhm.

luhm said that sincc University
Auxiltnr) Services funds the
Ruthskcllei thc pt‘rtfilh become prirt
lll lltc liirgcr corp nation's budget.

"I think our pl'lt‘L‘h riic vcry Ctilll-
pctilivc." said .’.r|tm. He explained
that because the Rut opcrntes us it
tlllll of “AS its profits cannot be
kept scpnrrrted from thosc of other
UAS units. While scpnrntc budgets
ur‘c maintained. the profits
themselves must go to UAS just its
illl diversified branches of u business
turit their crirnings iirto the cor-
ptirution's over-nil coffcr.

“'lhis." said) Zuhnt. "makes it
difficult to keep scpirrirtc the
Ruthskcllcr and its profits from the
total budget of UAS."

Manager of the Campus Center
UAS Operations, Lester llyncs. said
lhttl slow the IRuthskellcr opened in

OCTOBER 29, 1976

October of lust your its profits have
been recycled lrito advertising. criter-
tuintucnt. rind renovating the
facilities.

llurtcndcrx rind wnitrcsscs lit the
ruthcskcller rirc paid by UAS. us tire
cm ployecs til the adjoining culctcriu.

Accorditig to it description of
UAS in this ycrrr's Vft'lt’[)(lfII/.\'. up-
proximrtlcly 90 per cent of its bridch
is supplied by student bourd fccs.

Mcul Fees

UAS President Paul Roscnthtil
cxpluiiicd lllill at large proportion of
tltc UAS bridch (probable close to
the ‘90 percent that View/mints
suggests) comes from student meal
fees rind is used to provide food ser-
vice on the five quads.

Of the other services funded by
U AS. the l’tttroon Room.
barbershop, bowling. billiards and
check cashing all opcrritc at a loss,
snid Roscnthnl. He feels UAS should
continue to absorb some ofthcsc un-
profitable operations us a service to
U niversity students.

“Check cashing would cost con-
sidcrnbly more tlrnii the current 25
cents per check if it were set up us it
scpnrrrtc. sclf»sufficrcnt operation."
suid Roscnthul.

He continued. saying that the
Ruthskellcr itlltl Campus Ccnrcr
crifcleriri. built of which operate
from the some UAS budget. seem to
be among the only Campus Center
services provided by the lJAS that
show it profit.

He suggested thrit the earnings
from those services help to subsidize
those which end up continually in
the red.

ln offering prices comprirrrhlc to
those of other Albuny burs.
Roscnthnl snid lllill the Rnthskcllcr
is overcoming financial problems
other burs don't face.

He pointed out that during the
summer months when regular
classes are recessed. "the l‘.nt's
business goes down considerably
and this seasonal lug cuts into its cur-
nings."

is a paid attendant for the ban-
dicapped students.

Members of his audience tried to
imitate what they had seen. llut their
inexperience with wheelchairs and
the carpet in the CC Assembly "it"
made their maneuvers difficult. As
SUNYA students participating in
Awareness Day by following their
regular campus routines wheelchair
bound. they had good reason to be
jealous of Delambnkis' ability.

will lIiI\’t.' to pit)‘ these expenses from
their own pocket.

According to licncdict. an inter-
crrmpus selection committee. com-
posed of four to live SUNY schools.
wtll select the top gruduiite students
in tltc SUNY system fluent in tire
R ussitin Itrngrirrgc.

No Security

Ilcnedict said that lherc will be no
need for security officers for the
Soviet students. but they will be lit:-
compunicd by 11 graduate udvisor.

The exchange program. which will
be conducted rrtidcr the General
Agreement on Educational and
Cultural Exchanges calls for it two-
ycur rrinl busts.

licncdicl said that lie is looking
l'oruiird to the program. “Since the
undergraduate program worked
out." Iic said. “we are hopeful that
this one Will also."

Wheelies are an invaluable
method for getting over the
doorsills—wthc raised strips of metal
embedded under all doors.

Not physically disabled himself,
Dclambukis is chrirnctcrizcd as a
very "aware" person by members of
the Students for the Improvement of
Programs for the Handicapped.

SIPH sponsors Awareness Dayso
that students can become aware of
the physical barriers that han-
dicuppcd students face on campus.
And also because. its SII’H Presi-
cnt.'l'iny Chapman puts it.“We want
other students to realize that the dis-
abled student is a student. just like
them."

Door sills were not the only thing
students become aware of. They
noticed how hcuvy the doors were.
how steep the ramps on tltc sides of
the podium rirc. how the only wary to
gct to the lecture centers is by taking
two different clcvrrrors in the PAC.
’l‘hcy noticed that not only do you
lutve to sit in the back row in a lec-
rurc center class but also that it is
nearly impossible for you to wheel
close enough to use the desks. And
they noticed the rcrrctions they got
front other members ofthe universi-
ty community.

"Profs I didn‘t even know said
hello lll‘Itl asked how I was doing."
Silld one student.

“I don‘t know if people are so
helpful all the time. or if'tlieyjust felt
so bird because l was so clutsy with

millilitrth on pugcfutrr

 

V00.

UAB General Manager Norbert Zahm termed Rathskeller Pub prleaa
"very competItlve". The bar takes a 4-5 per cent protlt.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

