 

 

Normal, Everyday Guys V

by David Goldman

The following letter was recently received
by afrerlrman member of the ASP staff:
Dear Freshman:

Since coming to SUNYA. you've probably
felt confused, lonely. worried. and unsure of
yourself. If the symmetrical architecture. un-
ending meal lines and drop/add week have
been driving you to the brink of insanity.
maybe you need the warm. friendly at-
mosphere our fraternitycan provide you with.

Wait. I know just what you‘re thinking.
“What? Me. join a fraternity? Are you nuts?
Who wants to hang around with a bunch of
beer-drinking morons. singing dirty songs and
wreaking havoc all over campus?” Well. this
exactly the kind of prejudiced. stereotyped at-
. titude we here at Kappa Epsilon Gamma have
had to put up with four years. If we ever get
hold of the snobby little intellectual faggot
who thought it up. we‘ll tie him nude. to atree
at 3am. onthecoldest night in February; then
maybe he‘ll think twice before shooting his
mouth off about something on which he
knows nothing. Anyway, as l was saying
before I got sidetracked. all the brothers here
at Kappa Epsilon Gamma are normal. every-
day guys who are simply interested in making
new friends.sharing good times. and knocking
over an occasional phone booth. Our weekly
get-togethers have resulted in innumerable
lifelong friendships. and in one extreme case. a
marriage. ,

Still not convinced? Some people (especial-
ly those effeminate types who spend all day
reading or studying. never want to have a good
time and are general pains in the ass to
everybody) have the preconceived notion that
frats are made up solely of jocks. Nothing
could be further from the truth. Many
respected fraternities hardly have anyjocks in
them (Phi Beta Kappa. for example). In case
you're interested. Kappa Epsilon Gamma con-
sists of about 50% jocks. and 50% of the
aforementioned book-wormish type of stu-
dent. The two groups get along ﬁne. and we
are proud of the fact that not one brother has
deserted us in all the years of our existence.

(We did have a suicide. but that is unimpor-
tant for the purposes of this letter).

“I bet I'll have to go through some kind of
humiliating initiation to ge in" I hear you say-
ing. This again is a fallacy. The days of talking
to a total stranger on the phone for five
minutes. or havingtospend the night in a dress
in order to get into a frat are long over. We do
have an initiation. however. It's a secret so we
can't describe it here. but sufﬁce it to say that if
you carefully follow our instructions. you
won't be in any danger. The one death you
may have heard about was because. as we
maintained from the start and continued to
emphasize all during the trial last summer. the
kid didn't listen to our directions. In spite of
this. Kappa Epsilon Gamma still has the
lowest fatality rate for fraternity initiations in
the state. and is proud of this fact.

If you have now decided you want to join.
and are positively convinced Kappa Epsilon
Gamma is not just “beer and jocks“. why no
stop by at any of our rush events listed below.
and speak to us? We'd be glad to see you.

Upcoming Rush Events
Oct. 20 - Beer Nite
Oct. 24 - Keg with Delta Omega Gamma
Sorority
Oct. 28 - Beer Party
Oct. 31 - Halloween Keg Party
Nov. 5 - Beer and Pretzel Nite
Nov. I0- Kegand Three Stooges Film Festival
(This usually sells out in a few hours. so get
your tickets early.)
Nov. l3 - Pretzel and Beer Nite (not to becon-
fuscd with Nov. 5)
Nov. IS Mixed Drink Party (Beer also
available)

As you can see. Kappa Epsilon Gamma
sponsors a wide range of activities. and you're
bound to ﬁnd something to suit your taste.

Hoping to see you soon.

Mike “The Gorilla" Jones

(Frat Vice President in

charge of new recruits)

l‘.S. Kappa Epsilon Gamma is open to all.
regardless of race. nationality or site of nose.

 

 

W CﬂTlC GU
rewiring:

W FIRST PMV'

' W" W

combo 1H6

9M9?
’PElt/EL ."

C
are. pigs“
at“?
Mm
lllTl ' Til? CRITlC
TIE ARE?-

 

 

 

 

n. 2:. mums.

' comment i

up.“"minutsamru. .. 

 

 

 

 

sponish favoritism?

To the Editor:

There is no doubt that departmental, as well
as other University policies. have been written
in such a manner that they may be ambiguous-
ly interpreted to favor comrades and those
whom they want to support.

Such has beenthe case in the administration
of the Spanish Placement Examination in
which stipulated policy and procedures have
not been executed. due to a lack of favoritism
on behalf of those who have taken the ex-
amination. As for now. a number of students
who were told to take the Spanish Placement
Examination for credit and placement are be-
ing denied the right for which this examina-
tion and its policies were intended. What we
cannot understand is why we are being denied
the beneﬁt for which this exam has been in-
tended. when many other students have
previously taken the examination and have
been given credit and placed in accordance
with the examination. The answer is clearly
that the department favors some people and
not others.

Luis Rivera

blame all brewingion

To'the Editor: ‘

I am writing in response to Tom Cleary‘s
lctter concerning my football article of Oct.
26.

It was not my intention to blame one in-
dividual for the unfortunate loss to the
Norwich football team that week. I was
attempting to relate the story of the game to
the readers who kttcw nothing about it.
Although I did speak unpraisingly of quarter-
back Fred Brewington. it must be borne in
mind that that was one particular game. not
the entire season.

Frcd lircwington is tt fine athlete. as he as

proven both before. and since. that game_
evidence the Most Valuable Player award he
won for Albany in the Albright game. I think it
is important to realize that everyone cannot
have a good “game” every time out; that in-
cludes players. teams. and sports‘writcrs.

It should also be noted. forthe record. that I

explained the fact that Brewington was not
scheduled to play and that the role of quartcp
back was thrust upon him suddenly. Anyone
reading the article should have been aware of
that. Also. in the same article. I felt obliged to
include a quote from Coach Ford: “It‘s tough
to come in when you don't expect to play anti
have been sitting on the bench.“

I am deeply sorry if l have offended Mr.
Brewington. I hope he will accept my apology
and I wish him the best ofluck throughout the
rest of his football career.

Michael l’ickatrski

a bid for bids best

To the Editor:

In recent weeks. there has been a great deal
of concern about the University un-
dergraduate advisement system. In past letters
the general opinion seems to have been that
the faculty members involved are too busy
teaching and conducting research to be C(lll-
cerned with student "advisement.

In my experience. I have not found this lltc
case. As a Biology major. I Would like locom-
mcnd the department andthc entire faculty for
the fine job they‘re doing. in particular my
own advisor. Dr. Wcrncr C. Baum. l don‘tjust
mean that they successfully handle the pro»
registration advisement when that time
arrives. What I do mean is that they are truly
concerned with the everyday problems ol a
student. On more titan tt number ol'occastom.
l have sought and received help from teachers
Whether it was simply writing letters for me or
sitting down with me to discuss how upcottting
course offerings relate to my interests or own
tracking down another faculty member who Is
out ol'town. l have always found them a tlltug.
even when they receive nothing httt a "tluntk
you“ in return. '

So. in these times when people are so quick

till}: Arts & Jraturra ﬂlagagtne of the Alberta mm: ﬁnes

November 5. 1975

 

 

 

FEIFFERr

 

Mﬂcﬂé“

savor WSW
‘(f'RﬂEUﬂab' >

 

M M! m tut-trans

EHVREWEgE T “ﬁg

¢ax

 

\
n

on“ mm— Il-I

THEY 0U) MlS'
unrégsiinos To
MV AWWTW-

groomer

q

 

 

 

 

 

,. . .b‘uxr‘ltu nauw-Mvuﬂimuw‘eﬁvu ..

 

