   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

  
 

 
  
  
 

help.  of State Henry A.
Kissin'pr is'maintainingtbemomen-
turn of his breakthrough toward
peace in Rhodesia despite bitter
black-white attacks oncertainsettle-
ment tirms. ‘

The secretary, ever since returning"

   
 

Jfront‘: his 12-day political safari

titrough Africa. has been‘d'emanding
.ligbtning action by all parties to get
Rhodesian blacks and whites around
a conference table. His aim is to have
a caretaker government. with a ma-
jority of blacks in it, chosen by the
end of November and certainly no
later than'Christtnali
Speed Needed

Journalists who accompanied the
secretary on his mission were told by
a senior US official that such speed
has been necessitated by Russian
attempts to wreck the projected
settlement. Soviet Foreign Minister
Andrei A. Gromyo assailed it at the
'United Nations on Tuesday as a
piece of “political gimmickry.”

The British government. under
Kissinger‘s prompting. called on
Wednesday for constitutional talks
for Rhodesia to be held within twri
weeks. probably at Livingston on the
Rhodesian-Zambian frontier. The
British. who remain legally responsi-

‘ble for the breakaway Rhodesian

colony which defiantly proclaimed
independence it years ago, said all
the parties had asked fortheconven-
ing of the parley. lvor Richard, top
British envoy at U.N. headquarters.
has been named as presiding officer
although he intends leaving as much
of the negotiating as possible to the
black and white Rhodesians
themselves.

The storm that seemed tothrcatcn
Kissinger‘s peace package for
Rhodesia almost as soon as he
returned here did not undulydisturb
the secrctrrry. Even before he landed

 

i washrooms was araarr‘iiite' terror American. official

reported “that while Kissinpr ' was
aorueitrhat elated by his achievement,

‘ he was in no way cupho’riefabout the

difﬁculties still to belovereome. The
process of peace-making. he was said
to believe. had only just begun with
one central objedive acheived.Tliat
oljective was the acceptance by
Rhodesia's rebel premier, Ian Smith,
of the principle of black majority
rule pitta independence for the coun-
try within two years. Kissinger knew,
according to the senior official. that
the moment Smith spoke those
words, “the game was up" for the
270M!) white settlers who for so
long have ruled the country's 6
million blacks.

Quarrels and arguments have
burst loose between Smith’s men and
the presidents of the live black states
surrounding R hodesia over differing
interpretations of the contents of the
Kissinger package. This was not a
new experience for Kissinger. It
seemed to be part ofthe pattern that
usually has followed his diplomatic
spectaculars. Kissinger.\takitig the

long view. considers that even if -

Smith‘s delegation fails to show at
the constitutional conference. or
walks out of it. it will eventually be
forced to return or begin
negotiations.
Good Grace

For the white Rhodesians in his
view. there is tio option but to yield
power to the blacks under the best
possible terms and with good grace
because the whites are beleaguered
and fricndlcss. Equally. Kissinger
believes the presidents of Zambia.
Tanzania arid Botswana. and. to a
lesser extent. Angola and MO/itlll-
bique are issuing tough polernicai
statements in order to advertise what
they believe to be their dominating
bargaining position. Yet in the US.
view. several of those presidents are

‘recnsis 

less than happy by the presence of
militant, Communist-armed and
Communist-trained “guerrillas on
their soil-guerrillas who could like
the Palestinians easily turn against
their host governments.

' Several key issues wlu'ch have
become the focus of long-distance
ﬂack-white argument will need swift
darif'tcationr if the Kissinger
timetablejs to be fulfilled. Some of
the problems seem to flow from mis-
reading or misconceptions of im-
portant parts of the peace package.
Smith says black rule can be im-
plemented only in two years. The
American-British plan foresees that
to be a deadline for Rhodesian in-
dependence under a black-
dominatcd government.

Smith has spoken of a two~ticr
caretaker system of government to
lead Rhodesialbrough the transition
to statehood. He says the supreme
body will have equal black-white
representation under a white chair-
man. But the blacks say "purity" or
“equality” of representation does not
amount to the black rtrlc they de-
mand and refuse to have any part of
it.

Smith has condcdcd blacks should
outnumber whites in a lowcr-lcvcl
“Council of ministers" but claims
Kissinger has agreed whites should
remain in charge ol dclcrisc iriid law
and order internally. My riostrclch of
imagination would the blacks have
agreed to such it condition.

'l'an/ttniu‘s Julius Nycrcrc. who
has labeled Smith publicly as "a
slippery customer." has signaled
another black demurr likely to lie
troublesome. llic black». he has
said. will want the South regime to
rclcnse all their colleagues in
political dctcrrlrim lll Rhodcsirr so
that they can join to tilt: process ol
comlittrtion-writing. Sunlli won‘t
willingly agree.

Ford Funds Mentioned By Dems

WASHINGTON (AP) Democrats
are beginning to take some public

. notice of federal investigations into

alleged misuse of campaign funds
during President Ford's cort-
gressionai campaigns and Ford's
golﬁng tripswith corporation lob-
byists. Democratic presidential
nominee Jimmy Carter, at home for
a rest in Plains, 0a.. has avoided
direct comment on the investigations
and, until Tuesday. so did other
Democrats. But Carter's running
mate. Sen. Walter Mondale, and
party chairman Robert Stratus both
offered comments on the Ford in-
vestigations Tuesday. Mondale. in
Toledo. Ohio. said Ford has been
"ducking and hiding" from
questions about the investigations.
And Strauss chastised GOP vice
presidential candidate Bob Dole for
suggesting that the probes were
political in nature. g
Investigating GOP

The special Watergate
prosecutor's ofﬁce is investigating
the records of Ford's home district
GOP organization in Kent County.
Mich. reportedly looking into
allegations that Ford. ‘u
Congress. illegally diverted cam-
paign contributions to personal or
improper use. “laundering” the
money through local party
Oeglllllillofll. In addition. the
Securities and Excha. Commis-
sion reprotcdly is investigating golf-
ing trips made by Ford as a con-

HUE TWO

grcssmen. Those trips were paid for
by the US Steel Corp.

The White House'said Tuesday
that Ford had made trips to cor-
poratc golf courses while in Con-
gress. but Ford press secretary Ron
Nessen declined to comment when
asked if Ford had. as acongressman.
converted campaign funds to his per-
sonal use. Ford has not personally
mentioned the investigations and
has not been available for questions.
Ford remained at the White House
on Monday. meeting with foreign
dignitaries. setting the scene for his
next debate with Carter on the sub-
ject of foreign affairs.

Golf Anyone?

At Tuesday's briefing session,
Nessen disclosed that Ford had
played golf on courses operated by
Firestone Tire. Bethlehem Steel and
Alcoa Aluminum. He said he didn't
know if the companies paid for
Ford's expenses. U.S. Steel reported
last week that it paid for three Ford
golf outings in New Jersey and for
two visits to a company guest house
near Disney World in Florida.

Explaining the golf outings,
Nessen said. “The President is an
avid golfer. lie has played with
regularity during his 26 years in
Washington and be has accepted in—
vitatiqu at various clubs. which is
cutomary. He played with friends.
and at other times he invited his

. friends to be his guests at his club."

He said Ford quit ,accepting golﬁng

WY STUDENT PRES

 

trips when he became vice president
in I973. Asked why. Nesscn replied.
“He's in a different position now. He
was vice president then and now he‘s
President. Before that, he was a
member of Congress.“

Mondale at first avoided
questions on the probes, saying: “i
don't think I should be commenting
on that until l'm personally sure
what the situation is. These
questions shouldn‘t be put to me.
They should be put to the person in
the White House. I am toldthe Presi-
dent is unavailable for comment. l‘m
told he won't answer questions."

 

CORRECTIONS

The name Robert Hirsh was
absent from the Student Associa-
tion Elections ad in the ’I‘ucsday
Sept. 28 issue of the Albany Stu-
dent l’rcss. Hirsh was running for
Central Council front Dutch
Quad.

 

 

 

      

Went to tdk It oven
Call MIDDLE EARTH—4574300
24 itth it Day

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

EWS BRIEFS

Lebanese Lettists Suffer Malor Lose
BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Syrian troops «and tanks forced pmesnnmn
guerrillas out of a 20-square-mile salient east of Beirut yesterday in it major
loss for the guerrillas and their Lebanese leftist allies in Lebanon‘s civil war,
A guerrilla communique conceded the fall of all positions held by
Palestinians and Moslem leftist militia north of the vital Beirut-Damascus
highway. Witnesses said only sporadic shots were heard in the area as Syrian
forces mopped up in pine woods on the slopes of Mount Lebanon. a resort
area If) miles east of the capital. The two-day Syrian operation touched off ll
new flurry of Arab mediation efforts to arrange negotiations for an overall
settlement of the sectarian conflict.

IMF Plans to Aid Debtors By Sale of Gold

MANILA. The Philippines (AP) Top ﬁgures in international finance lit-gin
meeting here Monday to decide the best way to sell 25 million ounces of gold
to help poor countries falling deeper into debt to the rich. Gold rind debt are
the priority items listed for a joint meeting of the directors oi' the
Washington-based World Bank and the International Monetary i‘llttd
IMF, Gold was selling on the free market in Western Europe at around 8] l7
an ounce this week, but the IMF auctioned 780.000 ounces of gold or slot)
ian‘ ounce Sept. 15 in the latest of its series of gold auctions. Among lltc 11100
invited participants in the meetings here will be heads of the world's fiL'llL'bl
private banks and governors of the most poworful central banking sysicnn
But the sessions are not strictly for capitalists. Communist nations it ill l)L‘
represented.

Interim ﬂute Called For In Africa

SALISBURY. Rhodesia (AP) Britain told the Rhodesian goicrrinicnt
yesterday it will call a constitutional conference within two weeks to dist-rm
an interimgovernmenl. to lead the former British colony to black rrirriorru
rule. It spokesman said today. The spokesman for the white lllllltlrll)
administration in Pretoria would not give any details. Several black Ali nun
leaders have said a conference to work out details of the proposed llllt'l‘llll
government should be held outside Rhodesia to prevent Prime Minixlci Ian
D. Smith's government from controlling it. Smith wants the conferenci- llL'ltl
in Rhodesia. Sources here say the conference might be held in the Zamboni
town of Livingstone, on the Rhodesian border.

Kissinger Scorns Outside Interference

UNITED NATIONS. NY. (AP) Secretary of State Henry A. Kl‘nillllt‘l
worried non-African powers yesterday against “fueling the flames ot war .md
racial hatred" itt southern Africa. Ina report on his recent shuttle diplomst 
Kissinger told the list General Assembly that outside interference "Would
make a mockery of Africa‘s hard-won struggle for independence horn
foreign domination." Kissinger's rcmarks appeared aimed at tllc Smrri
Union. in a speech to the assembly Tuesday. Foreign Minister Aridrci r\,
(iromyko scorned “political gimmickry and financial handouts" by whnh he
said national liberation movements in southern Africa were being divctlcd

ATT Accused of Dangerous Grab for Power
WASHINGTON (AP) Congressional hearings into competitive practices Ill
tire telephone industry are winding up after small companies testified that
Bell Telephone is trying to reassert itseifas a monopoly through a “during
and dunﬁcrous grab for power." Kenneth A. Cox. uscnior vice president ol
MCI Communications Corp. accused American Telephone tilt 'i'clcrllll‘l‘
Co. Wednesday of trying to drive his company out of business and L'.\lt‘|ltl
A l'&l‘s telephone monopoly over the entire telecommunications rridusiir
He said monopoly would “stultify the explosive growth" in the iiidustr ) . and
other witnesses said it would lead to higher rates for customers lhc
subcommittee on communications of the House Committee on Interstate
Commerce is concluding hearings today into ATdLT-backcd legislation that
would remove federal authority over customer-oWncd comniurircrruom
quflllmcni. grant antitrust immunity for acquiring competing firms and PW
A'l&.f other new powers in the communications industry.

Antifraud Workers Face Wiretap Charge
WASHINGTON (AP) Private computer companies seeking fiit govcr Illllt‘trl
contracts and federal employees who were supposed to investigiue l'rrunl III
the Medicaid program allegedly were involved in wiretaps. coritlrcu ol
interest‘and influence peddling. according to testimony before a Senior
PHHCI- Employees from the Medicaid antifraud unit at the Department ol
Health. Education and Welfare were to appear yesterday before the Scinrtt‘
lcrtnancnl Subcommittee on Investigations to address the charges Allt'l
lc-‘l‘i’mny Wednesday that irn HEW employee ltud taken payments and
scrvrces worth nearly Sl0.000 from a consulting firm and it L'tirill’lm'
willpﬂnl’r IIEW said the employee had been transferred from the ant Illrttltl
unit pending a criminal investigation of "possiblc irregularities."

tom-d 00.9.“ “39 °l campaign Funds

 "iN (A-P) Prcul‘lcm Jim" mid YCIIlcrtllly thitt he had uric!
Congress "ﬁdcunjgumn comr‘bmluns for his own personal use While Ill
special ,‘osc I“ _w he Willi confident that rtn inquiry by the Willclillllt'
“aidinfunilffu 0"“ “mi-‘0 Would show him to be “free of any lllngtIlliirrs "
conﬁdence in :iflltitl ncws conference inthc Oval Office. Ford expressed “lull
hug Ordered m f'ngcgm?’ or Special. Prosecutor Charles Ruff. Iii: situl lIL‘
invcgusalmn 1:35P "fly 'l‘ ll": administration make any inquirieriirbout the
Ford." “m dim u b“ mmmmlfucd as an attempt to impede the probe
Opponent Jimmmffummcn' 0“ "‘3 Investigation came as his Democratic
elected he Wouldyi men mum” lo'lhe campaign trail with a pledge llllll it
for m3 I l g rylown‘l“fl°leltattontoindochinain anefl'orttoaccorrril

ar y 00 American servrccmen still missing from “w w"...

OCTOBR 1. 1976

 

 

  
 

8A Vtee PreaIdent Gary

 

Parker may be censured by
Central Council for Improper actions over the summer.

   

 

     
    
    
    
   
      
         
     
 
  

    
  
 

   
  

by David thzelberg

A bill to censure Student Associa-

tion Vice President Gary Parker will

be introduced to Central Council
next week.

The SA Internal Affairs Com-
mittee met for an hour and a half. in
a closed-door session. and decided
that Parker had acted improperly in
an incident with the Pan-Carribean
Association and the SA van.

' The censure issue resulted
from a complaint from members of
the Pan-Cnrribcan Association. that
Parker used improper tactics in per-
forming his duty as SA vice presi-
dent.

In a written statement. PCA
member Emcric Browne-Markc
charged that Parker followed him
while driving the SA van this
summer. According to the state-
ment. Browne-Markc was
stopped and usde to produce a
driver's license and insurance card.

The statement said lirowne-

Council Grants Lesbians $1105

by Mark (lreenstein

SUNYA Central Council granted
$i |05 Wednesday night to the
Lesbians for Freedom for program-
ming events this year.

According to Carmen E. Pinto.
treasurer of thc Lesbians for
Freedom. her group is a place.
“where women can come and talk
about their sexuality." She said.
“When you have a problem the
easiest thing to do is talk it over with
someone with the same problem."

Separate From Gays

The l.l"F was originally affiliated
with the Gay Alliance. When asked
why the separation from the other
branch Pinto rcplied. “I felt the Gay
Alliance is not geared to deal with

lesbian problems. The purpose of’
the group is so you can come in and
meet people with more in common
with you than just being an overt
minority.“

Pinto said “that thc only
diff'crcncc between feminism and
lesbianism is that when it comes
down to it you are having sex with a
woman.“ She said, “Feminism is
political lesbianism."

Wlien asked what the agenda will
include Pinto said. “When was the
last time you saw a movie about
lesbians? It's our duty to bringthcse

things in to be seen. You don‘t have

 

to be offended. l have never really
never seen mass entertainment
geared towards feminism.“ Pinto
said.
All Women

"We are also planning a triptothc
Adirondacks to it place called
Women's Place. it's an essential
thing-an all women community.“ she
said. “the whole idea behind it is that
women from the university will be
going to u placc where they won't
have to hide anything. It‘s a learning
trip.“

The LFF advertise through
posters and have run into increasing
dil'f'icultics.“0ur posters gel torn
down within hours of us putting
them up.“

Pinto said “One day one woman
came tip to us and said she had a
revelation from god to tear these
posters down. I heard someone
answered her. ‘l'vc had a revelation
to tear vou downifyou don't stop.'"

Denise Stern. the coordinator of
LH“ said. “We are looking for more
acceptance on campus.“

Library Planning to

by Marc Arkind

The Library will restore fifteen of
thc twenty operating hours which
had been cut due to tire state budget
hiring freeze withing the next couple
of weeks accordingto Library Dircc-
tor James Schmidt. Schmidt said
there is a good chance that all 20
hours will be restored.

According to Schmidt. tiic Divi-
sion of the Budget for New York
had approved his earlier request to
unfrcczc the positions of l9 ofthe 33
vacant positions frozen by tiic state
budget hiringfrecze earlierthis ycar.

Sghmidt stated that the hours will

  

be restored as soon as qualified per-
sons can be found to fill the vacant
positions. interviews for the
positions are currently being con-
ducted.

At prescnt. the library is operating
on 91.5 hours per week. These hours
are Monday through Thursday from
7:30 a.m. to midnight. Friday from
7:30 am. to 0:00 p.m.. Saturday
from 10:00 am. to 5:00 p.m. and
Sunday from 1:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.

The library hours had been
originally cirt to 83.5 hours per week.
Eight of these hours have been
restored permanently a result of the

W

 

? ‘ vp part...  Be Censuer

Marke refused to show the
documents whereupon Parker left
and returned. identifying himself as '
the vice president of SA. The state-
ment said that Parker argued that
the transportation contracthad been
broken and drove the van away-

According to Browne-Marke‘s
statement. Parker returned with two
policemen. The police took no ac-
tion. the statement said. and Parker
claimed there had been a mis-
understanding.

Parker said. “i have made ancrror
injudgcmcnt and accept all blame."
He said. “We all make mistakes."

Parker thinks the issue has been
blowu out of proportion. He said.
“We shouldn't be bothered with
something as small as this." He add-

ed. “We should be working on other

. r

 

thing."  .
A member of the PCA said he .
thought the censurewss “adequate.” .
He said. 'HeIParker] med totally
outside of his jurisdiction and in a
manner unbecoming a student.of-
ficer." -

The Internal Affairs Committee
bill reads that on the night of August
7. I976. Gary Parker acted i‘m-
properly after encountering Emeric
Browne-Marke.“

III Feeﬂnp

The bill states “this encounter
engendered ill feelings between an
SA group (PCA) and the SA ex-
ecutive Branch. . .we feel Mr.
Parker should exercise more care in
acting responsibly incarrying out his
duties as vice president."

   

The Lesbians for Freedom will receive $1,105

for programming from

Student Association.

Restore More Hours

Division of thc Budget's action
resulting in the present 91.5 hours.

Although Schmidt is optimistic
that at least l5 ofthe ctrt hours will
be restored hopingto bring the total
up to at least 98 hours per week. he
stated that four positions have
become vacant since the original rc-

qucst for the l9 positions to be un-
frozen. and if any more positions
become vacant. this could offset the
gain in positions. Should this occur,
Schmidt noted that it could take
another four weeks to three months
to go throuin the procedure of get-
ting the positions unfrozen again.

Search Begins For A

New Hum

by Joel Feld

Ten faculty members and two
students luivc been appointed by
SUNYA President linimclt Fieldsto
begin looking for a new dean for the
Humanities department.

The current dcau. Ruth Schmidt.
is lcavirigtlic university 1 his January.

l‘iclds. In an address belorc the
committee last Monday. stressed the
urgency ofthe group‘s task in liridiiig
a competent i'L’PltltIL‘IIICIII for
Schmidt. llc stud that. "there should
not he allowed a leadership vacuum
at it llIIlL‘ wlicri there are many lIlI-
por'luut academic. personnel. and
budgetary matters which need atten-
tion."

Among the future plans ol the
Humanities (lcplll'lltlcltl is the crea—
tion oi a separate L'ollcgc of
lltmtauitics and l‘llIL' Arts. included
in the recently released mission slmc-
iticiit for the university.

liceausc tiic committee is pressed
for time. i‘iclds has expressed ll
desire for the new dean to bertlrcudy

 

 

University automobile congestion requires traffic control aeelataneetrom aUnIveratty

PoIIce Traffic cop. Crossing guards neat?

familiar with SUNY operations.

anites Dean

that it would bc‘advantagcous."

So far. no list of candidates have
been discussed. but the committee
has sent out ' vacancy notices.
Symons explained" the search
process as being a rather lengthy
one. but did express confidence that
a suitable replacement could be
found by tlic January I deadline.

(‘otnniittce Members

Named to the committee are
Frederick lichnrriell.(icrman; Sarah
Cohen and litrin Mlit‘l.eatl. English;
Vincent Cowling. science and
nuilhcmatics; Stanley lsscr. Judaic
Studies; John Kcltcs. philosophy;
Natalia Kissclol'f. Slavic languages
and litcr‘mu s; Ricardo Nircnbcrg.
mathematics; and Robert Wcsscr.
history.

the two students named to the
search committee are. Richard
Jackson. undefgraudute classics nui—
jor; and Margery Whitemun. doc-
toral Hilltlclll in French. Also on the
committee is Robert McFarland.
graduate studies who will help cor-
relate the work.

The search committee will meet
again October it to discuss further
developments.

 

 

OCTOBER 1. 1976

.re .rr

wane However. Committee chairman
James Symons stated that the, "com-
mittee was not limited to this. but
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

r}. .... I.'_

PAGE THREE

     
      
      
  
   

    
   
      

  

 
  
      

     
 
 

  
   
    
 
  

 
   
 

 

 

   

     
  

 
    
 

 

 

 

.-....\-_ .‘1,

 

