 

 nor shalt El authorize any
committee or-eomtnlttees toaollclt
ilunits or work do my itehitl?‘
Hunnihrey'l‘rild a ‘news'eonferenw
‘ﬂﬁintenillorrun’iforrb‘electionto‘the
United Sm‘Scnare swimming
of  _

3mm made his announce
merit in a 3mm Senate =clucus
moustache afﬁne Senate Watergate
Committee hearings as 'well as
ntnnerous declarations of candidacy
for the presidency.

The Minnesota Democrat. who
was his party‘s presidential nominee
in I968 anda candidate for the
nomination in 1960 and I971 left
open the possibility he would accept
the nomination if the convention in
July-should turn to him.

But he describedthat possibilityas
remote.

“I‘m really not very nntimistic.‘ he
said. “l‘m a realist ar..ut politics.“

Former Georgia Gov. Jimmy
Carter. whose victory in the Pent»

r Cilia  .WIGd
emotions: about  vice
unaidertt‘s‘dccision: , 4

,  'dreporters in «Albany.
Ga..-'. wouldratherhavemetwith
‘ umphrayfust'butsa'idthedecision

'_ will give‘liitna chance ‘fto pull the
factions or the partybacktogt‘her.“

{Carter‘s campaign manner.
Hamilton Jordan said.:‘l think this
‘takes:usia7lortg way‘toward winning
the nomination.” He said it maybe
“a turning point” in'the campaign.

Rep. Morris K.“Uda'll. 
described Humphrey‘s decision as“a
very big break for me“

“lam hoping that a lot of the kind
of people who would support
‘Hnmphrey'will cometo me.“ hesaid.

Sen. Frank Church. D—ldaho.
campaigning in Oregon. said the
decision may help his own efforts.

Despite Humphrey‘s announce
merit. James P. Dugan. Democratic
state chairman for New Jersey. said
he will push for an uncommitted
slate of delegates that he considers to
he a Humphrey slate.

Presirler.1 Ford. campaigning in
Texas. said he thinks the only way
Democrats car. stop Carter‘s drive is
in the smoke-ﬁlled rooms of a

m H. Hunprny
brokered convention

Asked if he could support Caner.
H umphrcy waid. “I always look with
favor on fellow Democrats."

Later. he added. “I hope between
now and the time of our convention
I‘ll hear a lot more from Mr. Caner
and where he stands on the issues
and I‘m going to helpeducatchim."

Humphrey waid he still plans to
assss the presidential race in June
after the last primaries are held on
June 8.

Carey Suggests Jail For Youths

ALIANY. N.\'.. (AP) Gov. Hugh
Carey proposed on Thursday a
mandatory conﬁnement period ol at
least one year forjuvcniles convicted
ol such violent crimes as murderiind
rttpe.

Carey‘s proposal. contained in it
special legislative message on
children and youth. also called for
doubling the maximum permissible
confinement lot vrolent juveniles
from Ib’ months to three years.

The state now has no such
mandatory minimum terms.

Affected would he youths l4 or l5
years old who commit ﬁrst- or
second-degree murder. first-degree
manslaughter, ﬁrst— or second—
degree arson. first-degree rape. ﬁrst-
degrce sodomy or first-degree
robbery.

Measures submitted with Carey‘s
special message on youth and
children would also establish a “bill
of rights“ for children living in such
public and private facilities as foster
care homes and remove all
youngsters designated as “Persons
In Need of Supervision“ from state
training schools by next April I.

The package of bills faced an
uncertain future in the legislature.
where numerous other proposals

must he acted upon before
lawmakers can adjourn later this
year.

The governor said his series of
proposals affecting the state
Division of Vouth reﬂected a
determination to move away from
unneeded institutional care to more
humane personal care settings.

The age at which youngsters
become adults lor criminal court
purposes in Its in New York State.

FSA Gives Board Rebate

(‘ullllllur'rf lrrmr page mm

In an April 29 meeting. Norbert
Zahm and the FSA accounting
department made initial decisions its
to how the rebates would work.

Hughes’ Will is Delivered

SALT LAKE CITY (AP! A
handwritten document purporting
to be the will of the late Howard R.
Hughes was delivered to a Nevada
court ctc’rl today.

More than half of the estate was
left to medical resutrch and
charitable institutions. accordingro
the document. andthe rest was left to
Hugh‘s two former wives and two
other individuals. No ovet~till figure
on the value of the estate was given

An envelope containing the
purported will was delivered to the
Clark County clerk by an offrcral of
the Church of Jesus Christ of latter-
day Stunts Mormon. one ol the
beneficiaries.

The document, dated March 19.
l968—-two years before the late
billionaire lelt Lars Vegaswwtts
released by church officials here

The lined sheets were yellow with
age and stained.

ll read. in part: “Last will and
testament. l. Howard R. Hughes.
being of sound and disposing mind
and memory. not acting under
duress. fraud oi the undue inﬂuence
of any person whomsocvcr. and
being a resident ol Las Vegas, Nev.

declare that this is to be my last will

PAGE TWO

The document leaves “one—fourth
of all my assets to the Hughes
Medical Institute in Miami. one-
eighth to be divided among the
University of Texas. Rice institute of
Technology. Houston. University of
Nevada. University of California.
one-sixteenth to the Mormon
Church. one-sixteenth to establish a
home lot orphan children. one-
stxtecnth to the lloy Scouts ol
America. one-sixtecttthto be divided
among Jean Peters 01 l.os Angeles
and Ella Rice of Houston. one-
sixteenth to William R, Lummts. of
Houston. one-sixteenth Melvin Dtt
Mar of .. Nev"

Noah Dietrich. Hughes lorniet
right-hand man. was named
executor tn the document. Dietrich
had said curlrcr that he knew Hughes
had prepared and signed it will.
leaving much of his fortune to
research and the Mormon Church.
Hughes surrounded himself with
Mormons during his last years of
seclusion.

The document was included to u
series ol papers delivered to the
Clark County clerk in has Vegas. A
Mormon spokesman said the
Church did not know il'thc will was
“a boat: or not.“

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Rebates will begin on or near May
l2. lasting through May 2|. They
will be made at Check Cashinginthe
Campus Center. The one week will
be divided by having each student
report on the daytn which his last in-
itial has been assigned.

The rebate will be made only upon
presentation of a valid meal card.
Rebates will br- returned to students
in cash. The remumingtwo days will
be for students who could not go
during their initan days. Students
With problems will b‘tthleto fill out
it special lurm. Zahm reported lhtll
the initial hicuk tip. and :idditinnul
inlornttittott should be available In
the IlL‘\l neck

’l he priorities comntittet‘cxplru‘cd
st-\ erul additional possibilities. such
its free ht‘L‘l. soda. and Ice cream on
the podium This was felt to he
neither adequate nor lair. as only a
portion of the students take advan-
tage of it. The committee agreed lhtll
Znhm needed part of the surplus to
build up the corporation.

Klein said. "The fact that we‘re
giving buck SloSJlllO proves that we
are responsible both to the students
and the corporation.“

A possibility of board decrease for
next year was proposed during the
Priorities Committee meeting. The
matter was not taken up ill the board
meeting. later. however. 7nhm
remarked that should the tentative
two-I977 budget be passed. there
will he no adjustment.

Klein said. "the budget will be ex-
amined closely he! ore it‘s passed.“

Pollca Charge Nun Vllth Murder at Baby
ROCHESTER, NY. (AP) Police charged a Roman Catholic nun mm
second-degree murder today in the death of a baby boythey said was born to
her earlierthir week Authorities identiﬁed her as Sister Carol M urphy. 35. of
Our Lady of Lourdes convent in suburban Brighton. They said she formerly
was principal of a Catholic school. The announcement of the Charges “a.
made at a news conference by Chief Eugene Shaw of the Brighton pup“.
Word of the death of a baby at the convent ﬁrst came out Wednesday. Dr
John F. Edland. the Monroe County medical examiner. said the baht had
been asphyxiated by a rag stuffed into its mourlt. He said the infant in.
found in a wicker hamper at the convent.

Ford Remarks On Carter's Success

HOUSTON (AP) President Ford said Thursday the only waythe Demon“.
can stop Jimmy Carter's drive to the presidential nomination is in t he smoke-
filled rooms of a brokered convention. “and I think the public would on...“
to that.” The President predicted again at a news conference he would to. r. r m
GOP nomination over challenger Ronald Reagan and said his record is lurid
carry him past Caner or any other Democrat in the N ovcmber electron "It A.
chance former Gov. Caner is the Democratic nominee it will be a Lt'l‘rljst
between a proven record on my pan and a challenger without expert-ﬁn; r
the Oval Ofﬁce." Ford added.

Officers Face Courts-Martial

SAN DIEGO(APl Three drill instructors and it caption ut the Mimml r-p.
Recruit Depot here face courtsvmartial in the death ol l’tt. l ynn kltt‘nxg
Two other officers, including the colonel commanding the lCCIUll liar' r;
regiment at the base. have accepted what the Marines dL‘thlht‘d \l edne-

as “nonjudia'al punishment." The colonel. R A. Seymour. is to me u. .r
letter of reprimand which can be appealed. The descipltnury at’tiorn or",
ordered by Maj. Gen. Kenneth J. Houghton. commander of in: my“;
depot. and announced at news conferences in Washington and 5.1:. I i..-

Two-day Search For Plane Wreck Ends

IRA. Vt. (AP) The disintegrated wreckage of a small plane and 1 hr ‘o -

its In 0 passengers have been recovered. ending zrtwu—day air and la n:

that had been hampered by logund rain. Tbctwtn—engine Cessna .7 I It  -v
bodies ofthc two Vermonters were located Wednesday just if ten in -; -
the Rutland Airport. where the aircraft ll'lt‘d to land Monday lli ~
weather. Eycwitnesses said the wreckage and the bodies wet-.- spr .-

wide mountainous area in this small town. about sewn l’l'lll'.‘\ ‘~ ~
airfield. The plane apparently missed the top ol lllr: mclulllillll by ..

and sheared off tree tops belon-lallinginscvcrrtl pieces tot be u ood- 'n- s

U.N. Calls For Palestinian State

UNITED NATIONS. N.\'. (A?) The United Nations” Palestinian Rights
Committee Thursday recommended establishment of a Palestinian slat: .n
the occupied West Bank of Jordan and the Gaza Strip The Pair-s: a:
Liberation 0rguni7ation endorsed the proposal by the panel or 20 nan -:~
most of them Third World countries. The plan culled for Israel to to! Menu
from the two districts. which it occupied in the I967 war. by Jam 14" "u
evacuated territories would he put under United Nations udmlnlsilul ' . ' .‘
then turned over to the PLO. The committee also called for a In 
repatriation of Palestinian refugees: those displaced by the 34' ‘ as
followed by those who fled before return to their homes would by g. y z' '
and equuahle compensation.“

Doctors May Be Relying On Drug Companies
\\ ASHINGTON (A P) A government expert says most doctors It' \ '
companies totcachthemthelatcst medical techniques. and a Serum r
trying to discover if this is causing doctors to ovcrprescrihc drugs lfI:
industry selects and pays for "the bulk of educational rnformntror pr ~
to the practicing physician." Dr. .I. Richard Crout of the Food 2m
Administration told the Senate Select Committee on Smut
Wednesday. Chairman Gaylord Nelson. D—Wrs.. said “the almm' . ‘
takeover by the industry of postgraduate medical ‘educatioif it 
itlutm."

Ford Avoids Mentionan Nixon‘s Name
HOl’STONlAI’) President Ford acknowledged today he llL'llht‘f'dlL'll ..
mentioning resigned President Richard M. bitten by nnmcdnnng .uh-
appearances. Ford said the nation will he better off the sooner ll tut
Watergate era. At ll news conference here. Ford was reminded “2.x” "~
mentions other presidents directly. but usually refers to Nixon m 
predecessor" or as "I y'ndon Johnson‘s successor “ Asked if 1r.» ‘-
deliberiue. Ford said: "I think it‘s better for all of us “ l-ord :(tntt‘ntlt'. 
lltt‘ nation would beneﬁt the sooner ll puts behind II what ht' tt'lmtx'. '7 :
"unlortuniuc period“ lrorn early |073 until Nixon‘s rmgnutmn .r. MM“
P974.

State to Pay Bingo Commlsaloner‘s Salary

“IANV-  (AP) An appeals court ruled Thursday lhtlt the slim r. .r.»:
pity the salary of Ringo Control Commission Chairman Ira Bullwhosr- n-f‘
was not lundedinlrtst year‘s state budget. Ball has not been working ill ho w”
“"0” “'13- “’75 “mum Ill" cmplﬂyces under him were transferred in W
state Rucinpund Wagering Board. under the I97S-7ti budget. The Amwll-tli
Divrsion ol state Supreme Court titled that the sum-would have to pm It“
llnn’lllll $34,350 sttlnry since the legislature never specifically, llht’tllslit‘tl no
position.

APRIL 30, 1976

 

 

_.   1‘ This Summer

by Unda Frlerl

Beginning sometime this summer.
all soda machines on State Quad will
dispense their products in
returnable-reﬁllable beverage
bottles.

The pilot project initiated by
NYPI R6 to ban non-returnable soft
drink containers. will run till
November I. If successful, can
machines will be replaced
throughout the entire SUNYA cam-
pus.

Mort Suppreaud

NYPIRG has been lobbying to
ban cans and throwaway bottles in
this state for the past three years. ac-
cording to group head Chris Aidurr.
The effort has been surpressed in the
legislature each year.

Aidun said that an attempt is be-
ing made to organize all NYPIRG
schools in instituting only retur-
nable soda machines.

The SUNYA chapter of NYPIRG
initiated its “Returning to Retur-
nahles“ project. headed by Marsha
Scidclman. in August. Enough in-
formation was gathered by October
for it to be presented to Norbert
Zuhm. general manager of FSA.

A survey was made on State Quad
this semester to gather students‘
reactions to the project. Severity
eight percent were in favor of the
project and 91 percent would return
the empty bottles.

Students Wllllnl

The students had previously
received a letter informing them that
they would be paying 25c for a 10
ounce bottle instead of a l2 ounce
can. The students still indicated a
willingness to have the pilot.

The project was voted on by the“,

State Quad Board last week and war
defeated 4-5-l. Seidelman explained
at the April 28 meeting of the FSA
Board of Directors. that there had
been no quorum. little discussion
and only one objection raised. She
said the project would again be
presented to the quad board. and an-
ticipates approval of the project.
After some discussion at
Wednesday's FSA board meeting.

A ddrmllory can aoda machlno. Lam emu boom halo.
ground- tor a venting change-over to returnable battled.

the NYPIRG project passed I0-0-3. v

Harvard’s Brain Lectures Here On Lungs

by Marla Abrams

Dr. Joseph Brain of Harvard Un-
iversity lectured on “Enviornmental
Insults to the Lungs" here last Tues-
day night.

Brain. an Associate Professor
Physiology at the School of Public
Health. discussed the conditions that
could destroy living cells. and the
built-in mechanisms that the body
has to defend itself against bacteria.
Hestatcdthat“nothing husanim-

pact on the body unless it crosses one
of the body surfaces." These body
surfaces include the skin. the gastro-
intestinal tract and the respiratory
tract.

Brain used slides to explain that
“toxic material cannot affect the out-
er layers of the skin" since these are
composed of dead cells. However.
the respiratory tract can be affected
by outside environmental factors.

One slide dcsplaycd the lung of at

Wellington Settlements Disputed

by Gavin Murphy

Students living at the Hotel
Wellington are disputing the city of
Albany over settlements offered
them its reimbursement for items
stolen from their rooms over Christ-
mzis vacation.

‘1 he st udcnts. who claim they were
offered bet ween 30 and 50 per cent of
what their property was worth, will
take their case to small claims court
Monday.

The students consulted SA tit-
torncy Sanford Rosenblum and
asked for n 90 per cettt reimburse-
ment. This was rejected hytltc hotel‘s
nmnugcntcnt and the city, which
owns the Wellington.

Kevin Kovacs. one ol‘tlicthcft vic-
tims. sent ll letter to Mayor Corning
before the Easter break and received
an answer assuring hint that the
matter would be looked ittto.

“'l'lrey'vc tllt'clldy admitted their
responsibility by offering tltc first
settlement." sid Kovacs who has per-
sislently claimed that the ltotel was
negligent itt protecting the rooms
while students were home for the
vacation.

Kovttes claims that the hotel
management and the city are reluc-
tant to make a fairscttlcment. He ac-
cusses them of interfering with his
attempts to organize those who are
unhappy with the city's offer.

Kovncs says that Hotel
Wellington General Manager Ruben
Gersowitz tore down a sign announ-
cing ti meeting to organize and seek
legal counsel.

Gersowitz denies taking any such
action. He said that students have
every right to put up posters and that
he would never do anything “as
stupid“ as tearing them down.

Some students have not paid this
semester's bill in protest.

“He [Genowitz] took down the
payment notion that about 20 peo-
ple posted in the elevator at a protest

continued on page four

APRIL 30, 1976

The lobby ol‘tho Wolllngton Hotel: student. whole rooms were robb-
ed durlng vacatlon are dlaputlng the ctty over relmbunal.

whale. which the professor says is
one of the largest types of lungs in
existence. Then Brain described how
the human lung has evolved to deal
with bacteria and foreign matter. He
said that many lungdiseasesdevelop
when "the strategies developed by
the lung“. which are useful for cell
renewal and repair. “misfire when
confronted with new pollutants in
the environment. The enzyme
mechanism which is designed to at-
tack bacteria. cuts away at the lungs
instead when pollutants or cigarette
smoke enters the lungs. This is one of
the major causes of lung cancer and
other respiratory illnesses. Bruin
added that smokers have an in-
creased risk of gastro-intestinril
cancer for tltc some reason.

The presentation also included
microscopic representations
(through slides) of the respiratory
system and how a polluted environ-
ment can cause it to malfunction,
leaving a person more susceptible to
infection.

Still Hope .

Brain concluded by 'telling
smokers that “there is still some
hope." He then showed a slide of a
disposable lung—a plastic bag which
linesthe lungs as you smoke. He said
that. unfortunately. the device was a
creation of Marl Magazine.

The lecture was one in a Natural
History Lecture Series which has
been held every other Tuesday. from
March l6. and is scheduled to con-
tinue through May l0.

Alumni Theft Attempted
Through Window Entry

by Susan Miller

There was an attempted burglary
on Alumni Quad Wednesday night.
A student returning to his room dis-
covered two youths attempting to
steal his stereo.

Student Steve Kreslol says he
entered his second floor room in
Waterbury Hall at 12:25am. tofind
two young men; one standing near
his stereo and the other on his way
out the window. Krestol says ltc
grabbed one of the youths but lost
his grip as the youth leaped from the
window. He says he run after them
but they escaped in a car parked out—
side the dorm.

Several drawers were ope ncd and
a small amount of money was taken.
The stereo had been disconnected.

The alleged burglars were discrib-
ed as two teenage caucasian males. A
witness standing outside claims he
saw at least three other youths
waiting in the car.

When asked ifthe doorcould have
been left open, Al Choy. Krestol‘s
roommate responded. “The door is
always locked. There's no question
about it.“ Choy said the screen was
down and the inner window was
slightly raised.

Krestol says that when he entered

con/inqu on page/our

Concern Raised Over AAB Surplus Continues

by Bryan Holzberg

“I don't understand." said a track
team member. “the surplus means
extra athletic funds and now that
they are needed. they can‘t bcuscd."

David Coyne. Central Council
Chairperson has said that athletics
should be treated “as any other
group living within its means. That
means they can’t live with the sur-
plus."

Student Association President
Andy Bauman added that he “can't
believe we can't cut questionable
items. One day the surplus won‘t be
there."

Central Council voted last week to
make up a 519.837 difference
between a budget prepared by the

Athletic Finance Committee and
that generated by student tax. Coun—
cil appropriated $9.800from athletic
surplus and added a $9.800 income
line.

Garcla "Satisfied"

Director of Athletics Joseph Gar-
cia said that “we're satisﬁed where
we got off. But it hurts to tell
students who participate in a
program that there’s no program
anymore."

To reach their budget guidelines
Junior Varsity Track. Lacrosse. and
Golf will be discontinued. Garcia
raid that deteriorating scheduler
played arolein this decision. Income
to be generated will come from ad-
rnllalonfeea from all non-student tax

card holders to basketball and foot—
ball games.

An athletic surplus according to
Comptroller Stu Klein of S|75,000
was frotcn in November by Student
Association while sludyingtltc use of
the money for an athletic construc-
tion project. Garcia said that a
ﬁeldhousc would be a “real unifying
force for this university." But hefeels
that the surplus should be allowed to
run down to $33,000.

Garcia likened the athleticaurplua
to a “family budget which suddenly
has a raise of income to be ﬁgtired
in." Rather than spend the extra
monies. you keep it in an economic
fallback -

Garcia said complying with the

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

..._._«_..-__................_.... ~....__..._._—.._...w....n. -mmm

Federal Government's Title IX
guidelines for athletic ﬁnancing for
women in conjunction with in-
creased participation makes it hard
to cutback athletic funding.

The proposed budget for women
for 1976—4977 shows a l2 percent
increase over I975—l976 while fun-
ding for men decreased by 4 percent.

Mulder Marl

Student Association Vice Presi-
dent Rick Mecklcr said that both
Student Atsociation and Athletic
Finance Committee “failed in their
task" of keeping within the funds
available. He laid we don't need
"anymore atop up menu-u,
rcaliltically cut the budget. or rain
revenue."

PAGE THREE

 

