  
 
  

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4:} u.

A “a services. a... Friday night at risen to

 

  
  

 

95;... .z

or”.-.

r 3.1.22 fawn «9.4;.a.

 

335. Oneg‘ Shabbat and “M00. CHI lennl at 7-52I2 or Kathy at 7-5637
lot more Info. '

 
  

I I I

Delta Muktenenda meditation groups:Frldoy evenings, 6:30 pm. Call
GIrIslt, 274-060I. .

I I I

Attention .Oreduete Students: Came to Irubocher Hall's Halloween
Party on Sat., Oct. 30atﬂz30prn. in thelowerlounge: cider, donuts, beer.
witch’s brew, munchies A prizesl Costumes optional. Free to Iru or Sayles
card holders, Si .00 without.

I

Every Sunday at llprn, WSUA presents Sports Wrap. Mark Plevin and
Steve Leventhol bring you all the pro sports news. WSUA's
correspondents bring you the exclusive reports on Albany Great Dane
sports action, and you, the listener, can question special guests live by
calling 7-6443. Sports wrap is brought to you by Schlltx beer and Is an
exclusive sports presentation." WSUA 6:0 AM .

- lee Kwen De Selt Detenee Club meets every Wednesday A Sunday

nights at 8pm In the wrestling room at the gym. All welcome.
‘ I I I

Judo Club— practice,2-4pm; wrestling room—third iloor oi gym.
beginners welcomel Coll lorry or Ray at 7-52l9 tor into.
I I I

Ham Radio Club is meeting Sat., Oct. 30 In Colonial Tower Penthouse at
2pm. Urgent all members attend. New members welcome. For into cell
Ken 7-881‘.
. e e e
Freele—Dried Catleehouse: Debbie Debby McCIatchy(traditionaI).
Doors open at 8:30 p.m. Free w/tax card,$.75 w/o. CC Assembly Hall;

breads L beverages available.
I I

Sula—Economic Alternatives: on open discussion group sponsored by

the Socialist Labor Party. Everyone is Invited to our second meeting,

Saturday, Oct. 30 at 2 p.m. in CC 370. All pointsol view arewelcorne.
I I I .

MONDAY

AlESEC; the International Association oi Students In Economics and
Business Management, ls providing opportunities for students to work in
meaningiul management positions in Europe, the Middle East, North
America, South America, Alrica, and Asia. These are paid positions, and
available during summer. Meeting, Morn, Nov.lst,SS I37, 7pm.

I I I

There will be a meeting at all people interested in maintaining and
supervising the bulletin boards in the Rathslreller on Monday, Nov. I
at 8pm in the Campus Center Assembly Hall.

I I I

Duplicate Bridge Club meets Mondays at 7pm in CC 373. Beginners
class is at 6pm. All new members welcome at anytime. For lnio call Bonnie

7-7807 or Tom 7-7953. . '

Table Tennis Club meets every Monday night irorn 7~IOin the Auxiliary
Gym. Everyone welcome— beginnerss to advanced.
I
Spaakers Forum meetings weekly on Tues. at 9pm in CC 370. All are

welcome and invited to attend.
I I

Albany State Archers meet every Tues. eve irom 6:30-8:00 in the
Women’s Auxiliary Gym. No experience necessary, excellent Instruction Is
available. Come on over and bring a iriend. Fof tum“, infarmatton can
Dwight 438-7565. . .

Judo Club— practice,7«9pm, wrestling roam—third iloor oi gym.
Beginners welcomel Call Barry or Ray at 7-52l9 Ior into.

I I I

Beginning Israeli Dance Class meets every Tuesday irom 6-8pm in the
gym. Location will be posted on door at dance studio.
I I I

 

 

saunter [ ‘u I " overtime-r- sm yeurlunctt
ues., learn st 4012mm. ‘- ' a . y
Attetttlen Pet. so. __u es; tho Undergraduate Pol. Scl.:
Association will meet on Tues. ot7:00ln IA 229todlscust luture plans. All
new member's ere woken... ‘ - ’

, I

 

I

Save November 9thter Careers Day In the SUNVA Cam pus Center. Over
25 firms will bummed. Open to evzryone so don't miss it!
' ‘ ‘ I I ' -

Informal study—discussion In, lewlsh phileeephy I lore— anclent A
current. Every Wednesday nite at nae—In. n’ learn at Shobbos House
or Fuller.
I I I
Outing Club meets Wednesday at 7:30 In CC 3I5. Come join us hiking,
caving...(skiing?) A good lit“: iar :verye'nel .

The Dept. ot Slavic long. and lit. presents a iilm "The

Overcoat”(Russlan with English subtitles) an Nev.3, 6345pm, HU l33. No

admission too.
I I I

Adrienne Rich will be reading irom her poetry on Wed., Nov.3, 8pm In
HU 354.(Co-sponsored by the English dept. and the Women’s Studies
dept.)0n Thurs., Nov 4 she will conduct a poetry workshop In HU 290,

from 9:301l:00om.
I I I

Jewish cooking I baking class— every Wednesday at 7:30 in
Shabbas House with Rachel Rubin-chollah, kugel, knlshes, chollent, etc.

All welcome.
I I I

Fencing Club— practice every Wed. at 7:30 in the women‘s auxiliary
gym and Sat. at 10:00 am In WAG. Beginners are welcome.
I I I

Contributions for the November Issue of the 0" Campus Newsletter
must be made by 5pm Wed.,Nov.3 In CC ISO or by calling 742%.
Articles, recipes or any interesting all campus lniormatipn are most

welcomel
I I I

English majors and other students interested in English courses are
invited to a Wine Party and Get—Together sponsored by the English
department on Wed., Nov. 3 item 3:30 to 5:00 P.M. in the Humanities
Lounge (HU 354).

a e

mi Film Planning meeting— Nov. 3, at 2004 Eastman. Any iilm the
University Community wants to see is welcomed to be discussed. 9:00.
I I I

On Thursday evening, November 4th at 8 p.m. in the Indian Quad
Caleterio 45 spirited rising stars show their talent in a musical revue,
Hooray for Hollywood. Tickets are 5.25 with all proceeds going to
Telethon '77. The cast and crew invite you to join them on opening night

for an evening at entertainment.
e e a

The SUNY Internation Falls Dance Club meets every Thursday irom 7-9
pm in the ballet studio oi the gym. Beginners are welcome— come and

have iun.
I I I

The Dept. of Slavic Lang. and Lil. presents a lecture by Pral.lAndrei
Kodiak, Chairman, Dept. Slavic Lungs. and lit., New York University,
"Political Conversion in Solzhenitsyn's Fiction", Nov l0,4:l0pm, HU l33.

No admission ice.
I I I

Protessor Ernesto Carratala, visiting prolessor from the University ol
Barcelona, presents a talk on the topic "Garcia Lorca’s Death and Mine:
Two non—Plutorchan mart“ Parallelae” on Thursday, Nov.4 at 7:30pm
in the Campus Center Assembly HALL.

I I I

There will be a general interest meeting oi the Freshman Class on

Thursday, NovJ at 7pm in HU I28. There will be discussion at the

proposed class constitution, which includes provisions iar election at class

oillcors. Come and make your views known. Roireshments will be served.
I I I

Israeli Dance Activity Club meets every Thursday "om 17.1an i" the
Dance studio oi the gym ~ '

Gelman club meeting every Thursday night —8pm in HU 354.
I I I

Judo Club— Iormal class:7-9pm. Instructor: Mr. Noriyasu Kuda— 6th
degree black belt. Third lloor gym wrestling room. Beginners welcomel
Call Barry or Ray at 7-52l9 Ior into.

I I

  
 
 

      

Stott’planitlng for your future nowl Onil’uesday, Nov! spools to reps.
from 25 firms about lob opportunities. Career Day! Sponsored by Delta
Sigma Pl the protessional bu:lness.lrater:tlty.

The state lducatlen Department will hold a' competition tor the award
at 30 Lehman Fellows to commence with the 1977 academic year and
each award has a tour year tenure. Applications may be obtained by
writing, The State Education Department, Regents Examination and
Scholarship Center, bureau of Higher and Prolesslonal Educational
Testing, Albany, New York l2234 or from the Olilce oi Graduate Studies

, — AD 2”.

e e e

For all IFG movies, there will be a regular line for customers requiring
change and an express line for all those who have EXACT
CHANGE.Another IFG lirst to help you have an enloyable night at the
movies. '

e e e

The English dept. and the Women's Studies dept. are sponsoring
talkstl’ralessars Gerber, Crowley, and ﬁasco: "On Editing Twain,
Hawthorne, and Cotton Mather”-—— Wed.,Nov. IOat 4pm in MD 354; and
Sheldon Grebstein:”The Camlc Anatomy oi 'Portnoy’s Complaint”’——
Thurs.,Nov. 18 at 4pm in HU.354. '

Women's Intramural I Recreation Assoc. will accept basketball
rosters until Monday, Nov.l. Any individual or team that wishes to
participate, please have lorms inl More Inlormation CC 356 WIRA or
contact Lynn 482-7283.

s e
Also...W|RA will accept Floor Hockey rosters until Monday, Nov. I. Any
individuals interested contact oilice belore Monday.
I I I

WIRA wishes to thank all those that participates in LOGO contest. We
haven't decided on winner yetl Hope to let you know next week.
I I ~ I

Win prizes ior your photos. Enter the State Fhoto— SUNYA Camera

Club Photography Contest. Chances to win every month. For more

details, visit State Photo, or call Joe at 482-5441 . No obligations to enter.
I I I

MM Deadline tor Applications: Wrestling meet-Nov. IO; Swim meet-
Nov.4; and ACU Pilliards, Bowling, Chess, Table Tennis, Table
Soccer(Foosball)-Nos 'J

I I
"0 needs suggestions to help next year's Film Calendar. Address
any titles to Randy Gold — IFCr SUNYA Station, or show up at 6:45 lor any
Friday nite movie.

I I I
The 0" Campus Newsletter is here! Pick upthe October issue at the CC
lnio Desk, Oil Campus lounge, Library, Admin. lnio Desk. or CC l30.
Deadline tor the November issue is Wednesday, Nov. 3 at 5pm.
Contributions are welcome and should be dropped all in CC ISO or call
74296.

I I I
Students largCarter needs your support -— it you are interested in
working on the linal days oi the Presidential campaign, pleaseca'l Ira at
7-8929 or Lois at 7-7982 iar inlarmatlon. All Students: don’t iorget to
vote — send in your absentee ballots by Nov.2.
I I I

Students Ior Carter needs your support— ii you are interested in
working on the linal days at the Presidential campaign, please call Ira at
7-8929 or Lois at 7-7982 Ior inlormation.

a e e

Upper Hudson Association at Phi Beta Kappa: Russel Sage College—
Troy, NY I2IBO~—- three dinners per year at a membership dues oi $12
each. Our dinners this coming your will be Nov.6, Feb. I? and May 2i.
Telephone 5.D.Spectar (Secretary) at 785-0447 or 270-2224 ior more
iniormation. Or write ltim at the above address. Membership dues are

tax deductible.
I I *

Daily Mass at I I215 am Tuesday through Friday at the Campus Center
and Tuesday through Friday at CHapel House at 4:15 pm. Weekend
Mass Schedule: Saturday at 6:30pm,- Sunday at 9:30 am, ll:00 am, and
l:00 pm. All at Chapel House.
I

e

Alt Community Service Members: evaluation sessions have started
AND registration starts Nov.2 for spring semester 7-4801.
I I I

The German Club is going to New Vork City‘s Lincoln Center to sea Brecht
G. Weill's "Three Penny Opero"lil Tickets 54, transportation will be
provided. Dale must be decided immediately. Please call Fran: at 7-
7337 Ior lurthor information and to reserve your tickets.

e a. r:

Employment available:Swimming coach @ Cahaes Community
Canter— 3 hours per week—salary open— call Bob Gullie 237-7523.
e e e

Anyone interested in becoming a part of an Orthodox Christian
Fellowship, is urged to attend our meetings at St. George's Syrian
Orthodox Church in Albany. For inlormation and transportation call
Terry 433-7497.

I I I
For traditional Shobbat Meal on Friday evenings with gelilte iish,
chicken soup, and kugol, call Mrs. Rubin at 482-5781 by Thursday.

I I I

 

 

 

DRIVE OUR CARS
FREE

To Florida, California and
all cities In the USA

A A A C O N A U T0
TRANSPORT
89 Shaker Road
Terrace Apartment
Albany, NY.
462-747I

Must be [8 years old

 

 

 

 

corner Robin St. dsCentnsl Ave, Albany

THE ROCK SOUNDS OF
ADIRONDACK
Fri, Sat. 8: Sun. Oct. 22, 23, 8: 24

PRESENTS

 

COMMUNITY SERVICE

Nov.2 - 5 Between LC 3 and 4

Don‘t say we didn‘t tell you ll

REGISTRATION! l

Call 457-4801 for Info

 

 

 

 

NEW YORK (AP) Billy Martin.
who restored pride in the New York
Yankees‘ pin stripes and guided the
team into the World Series in his ﬁrst
full season at the' helm, today was
named The Associated Press
American League Manager of the
Year.

Martin received i64'/2 votes and
edged Kansas City‘s Whitey Herzog
by 9% votes in the nationwide
balloting by sportswriters and
broadcasters. Gene Mauch of
Minnesota was third with 20 and
Chuck Tanner of Oakland was
fourth with i596.

“I npprccite this very much. It's a
wonderful honor." said Martin, who
also won this award in I974 as
manager of the Texas Rangers. “1

I ..Martin Selected Trip A. 

only wish that I could receive it as
manager of the world champions."

Martin was just four victories
away from fulﬁlling that wish. His
Yankees ran away with the
American League East title with it
97-62 record. ﬁnishing IOI/z games
ahead of Baltimore. They then beat
Kunsns City in ﬁve games for their
first AL pennant since i964.

"I‘m embarrassed we didn't do
better in the World Series," said
Martin, whose club was swept in
four straight games by Cincinnati.
“But I still think we had it heckuva
successful season.

"We won the pennant for the first
time in I2 years and we brought
pride and tradition back to the
Yankees. This year we got to the

Desperadoes Take Title

by Michael Paul

Mark Coleman fired a four hittcr.
and with the bats of Mike Bloch and
Captain Eric Squire lcodingthc way.
the Dcspcrudos captured the Full
AMIA softball crown with a 7-4 vic-
tory over the chcncrutcs chnus-
day.

The Dcspcrudos‘ hitting ultuck
warmed up curly. dcspltc chilly 35-
degree weather. as in the bottom of
thc first. Bloch led off with :1 double.
and scored in front of Murry .ici'snn.
who stroked u long humc run.

l'ltcy increased their land to 5-0 in
lhc fourth. at Micky Viclnr singled
and was sucrlliccd In SL‘CUlltl by
Coleman. Blnch lhun (lrillcd u single

to right. scoring Victor. After Bloch
stoic sccund. Squire drove him home
had promptly stole second. A single
by Mike Curwin made it 5-0.
Mitchell's Snag
COIL-mun. meanwhile. was work-
ing on a shutout dcspiic some shod-
dy fielding behind him. Errors
stnrlcd tn catch up. howcvcr. us the
Dcucncrutcs cruplcd for three runs
in the filth. A spuctuculnr catch by
ccnlcriicldcr (icuc Mitchell. withthc
tying runs an bnsc. ended the inning.
In the Italian! uf lhc fifth. lhc
Desperudm added l\\‘u insuruncc
runs. the big hluu‘ hciug Iiluch‘s
IIIITll hu (Ii ihc 31mm. :1 hnmcmn m
tlllllflllll‘il rm [mgr \I new:

   

World Series: next year we‘ll win it.”

Bottling Billy is managing his
fourth major league team after stor-
my stints with Minncsate, Detroit
and Texas. Aftcr a 12-year major
league career. high-lighted by five
World Series with the Yankees,
Martinbegan his managing career at
Denver of the Pacific Coast League
in I968.

The next season he was named
manager of the Minnesota Twins.
guiding them to the AL West title.
But the Twins lost to Baltimore in
the AL championship series. and
Martin. who had some differences
with the Minnesota management.
was fired at the end ofthe senson.

He served as Detroit's manager
from I97I-l973. leading the Tigers
to finishes of second. first and third.
respectively. In the Al. East. He was
fired late in the I973 season and
finished up that year as the mnnngcr
of the Texas Rangers.

Early in I975. Martin's differences
with the Texas munngcmcnt proved
irreconcilable and he was let go by
the Rangers. The Yankees hired him
in the middle Of I975. and he im-
mediately begun placing the Martin
stump - speed and aggressiveness"-
nn the club.

Ol'l'scason trndcs for center-fielder
Mickey Rivers and second baseman
Willie Randolph gnvc the Yunkccs‘
running gums: morc authenticity.
nnd Muriin skillfully guided lheclub
into its .illth World Series.

The 48-year-old Martin was at
model of behavior ull your. gctling
along well with his players nnd
Ynnkccs nutnngcntcnt. including
uwncr (icurgc Sicinhrcuncr.

 

,, ' JV ‘Raners Finish-"Sum ' 1

by Jon Peplln

The Albany Junior Varsity Cross-
Country teem ended their duel meet
season on a promising note as they
whipped Sicna and R.P.I, in a
triangular meet. 28-45-50.

Starring again for the Pups was
freshman Steve Kaplan. First to
cross the ﬁnish line of the 4.25 miic
course. Knplnn had no problems
winning. going out quickly into the
front of the pack. and eventually
pulling away from his nearest rival.

The highlight of this victory,
however, was the team effort that
Albany exhibited. While a winner of
a race gains the most recognition. a
team must have/1w tough runners if
they expect to win consistently.
Albany's Reinhurt took third;
Quinoncs. fourth; and Rather.
scvcnth. its the win boosted the I’ups'

record to 3-5.
Previous to this meet.-Aloeny‘s
lost opponent beet them 22-33. es
Orange County Community Collep
proved to he too‘strong
Next on the agenda is this
weekend's Albany Invitetionel
Meet. Hundreds of runners will
compete in four different categories:
women. junior college. j.v.. and ver-
sity.
Missed Treltlng
In reflection of their ﬁrst losing
season in four years, l’upe conch Pet
Glover remarked. “With the lack of
the all-important summer training.
the boys had to make up for is lot of
training other teams had had.
However. they do have talent. and
provided they got in their miles over
the summer. ncxt your looks promis-
mg."

Ruggers Beaten, 28-10

r'mrIiIum/frrmr page Pig/Hum
scrum-mnn/scrumbnck suffered a
season-ending knee injury.
Rodriguez was. injured when an
RFC player run into him as he
puntcd the hull downficld.

Old Maroon then broke it npcnus
they scored three II'IL‘S and added a
conversion whilc shutting out
Albany for the rust of the game. The
final score suw Stzuc on t he short end
of Ihc 28-IU score. '

The injured Rutlrigucl cum-
mcnlcd. “II' we had our full tcnm nnd
hudn'l been plagued with injuries. it
would have been u close contest."

In llu: ‘lt‘ grunt. Struu managed to

tie the game before the end of the
half. With Old Muroon lending 6-0.
Chuck Iteppuzzo scored rs try and
Sulsky‘s kick deadlocked the game
at 6-6. In the second half. Old
Maroon pulled away. scoring two
tries and n conversion for an III-6
viclory.

tomorrow. the ruggcrs take on
Williams College. Ctr-Captain Niall
McStny said “We‘ve seen them play
in the Capital District Tournament.
and they‘re it good team. We expect
to have at good game.“ The gums will
begin at | p.m. on the new rugby
field. located next tnlhc sncccrficlds
hchind lndiun Quud.

 

SAT. OCT
15 Kegs Micheloeb

Apple Cider
Caramel

 

Prizes Donated By:
Pearl Grant’s

l Croit's Plus

.m___- 

M lIAlwWEEN

Taco Chips & Munchies

IOIN THE FUN: CONTESTS -
5' Apple Bobbing Pie Eating, Best Costumes

 

30-9pm

Coated Popcorn

Hall's Drugs
Woolworlh's

  

COSTUMES ENCOURAGED (but not reqUIFEd)

DISCO by
750

Admission -

Dutch U-LOUNGE

$.75 w/ID 8. tax card
$1.25 all other creatures

FISII 8 60.

 

Bring Proof of Age

 

IIIIIl/t't/ hr .umlwrt ussm‘lulmn

 

 

J_._._

 

 

  _ A State Photo __>
ISRAEL IS EIGHTING FOR HER SURVIVAL
Lost yectr on the SUNYA Campus 0 United Jewish APPEAL Campaign was held. It was called the KO’ACH Campaign.
Ko’ach is Hebrew for strength and it took the collective strength oiaiewcommitted studentstoinitiatethisendeovor.
Ko’ach is seeking interested volunteers to work, including dedicated students to head up campaign committees.
Ko’ach is also looking lot a qualified, committed studenth serve as campaign co-ordinator. If you are interested in the
post of co-ordinator please contact David Kasdan at 457 - 4723 or Mike Fox at 434 - 4220 before November 5.
There will also be an interestmeeiing iorKo'ach volunteers to be held on Tuesday, November Id at 7:30 In CC 375.
funded by student assoc-anon THIS IS YOUR CHANCE TO HELP. DON’T LET IT PASS YOU av.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. 0
ﬂ
#7
PAGE FOUBTEBN ALBANY e'runu'r PRESS OCTOBER 29. sure

t

OCTOBER 29, 1976

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE SEVEN TEEN

