 

 

  

:WIA 1.x  ‘ THON
SueNov. 13 _
"‘30 15 Mile Walk

Entertainment at the end 0! walk

Free food in WaShlngton Park

Sponsor Sheets are available in CC. 36L If you can‘t walk,
but want to getsponsors, fill out sponsor sheets and submit them
in CC 356.

 

as lOIlllll  erotica pin to as...
 mlRl {an RRKH
- (Mlﬂly ltan or to lot so.)

-‘Ilo¢|t onlvlst. outlier. WIN". ploymlght

' “who! of  y - _
19315: CENTRRI. TRSK at It REVOLUTIONRRY

 

 

 

 

 

THURSDHY, NOVEmBER 18
8:00 LC l8

 

columns

The Judge’s Choice:

Carter Wins

by Joel l-‘eld

Throughout the endless post~e|eetion
analyses that have been pouring forth front the
media as expected after a presidential election,
one factor has thus far been largely overlook-
ed; the recent election was decided. whether
consciously or not. by one man and one state-
ment.

This man was not one ofthe candidates. nor
was he even remotely involved with the cam-
paign. He is a judge sitting on the Court of
Appeals. New York's highest court oflaw. For
through this man‘sjudieial wisdom. he refused
to agree to Eugene McCarthy's appeal to re—
main on the New York State ballot. After
weeks of argument and counter-argument. the
highest court made the ﬁnal decision not to
allow the third party candidate's name to
appear. thus ensuring a solidiﬁed Democratic
vote on Nos. 2. With McCarthy offthe ballot.
the Carter people did not have to worry about
McCarthy drawing the so—called-“Iiberal \ote"
away from the Democratic nominee, The
judge's deciston turned out to be far more
crucial than any of the debates. press con-
ferences. and or teleyision blitz campaigns
held by both candidates throughout the
summer and autumn months.

The vote in \‘ew York state was much closer
than anyone. including the Ford people,
reali/cd. Eyen the final polls did not reflect
how diiided New Yorkers \tcrc hctoeen the
two candidates. I he end result l-ord lost the

amount when over 5 million votes were east.
50. we return to the McCarthy issue. With
McCarthy on the ballot. he surely would have
garnered enough votes away from Carter to
give the state to Ford and with it. New York's
4| electoral votes. A quick recount shows that
with New York in Ford's column. he would
have had 279 of these votes. nine more than
the necessary 270. Certainly. before the elec-
tion. the Carter people were scared that Mc-
Carthy might draw votes away from their can-
didate. but not in their wildest nightmares did
theythink that the court decision would affect

,lhe outcome of the election. In essence. Ford

put thejudge on the New York State Court of
Appeals in the position ofcastingthe deciding
vote. Although New York holds the second
largest bloc of electoral votes. Ford hardly
made it serious attempt at winning here.

During the campaign. each stde carefully
summed up their chances of winning the key
electoral states, Ford counted heavily on
California. Michigan. Ohio and lllinoisr.
Pennsylvania and New York were considered
outside chances. But the Ford people ﬁgured
that they could concede New York to Carter
and still win the election with the help of the
other big states.

Ford did indeed concede New York to
Carter. and \\iih it the election. Ford hardly
campaigned iiithe state. knowing fulluell that
in order to win it he would hayetodoespecial-
Iy well ill \eit \ ork City His adyisorsthought

 

appearance in Brooklyn before a tuppoledly
tremendous crowd of supporters. Ingen-
trary to the President's vision. Brooklyn in:
u " ' ", bcenaDemocraticstronghold.A
f urther look at the “tremendous turnout”
showed that the people there were either rou<
nded up by the local Republicancommittee or
merely interested New Yorkers. there to catch
a glimpse of the man who dared tell them to
“drop dead" a year earlier. Thus thisjudge was

'0'!’( 5'.

   

 

. J ,
‘ doore’nie'polteyrodetlé Wino _

Wlite Home. with New Yuri _
dating and gained In elected  1"
fine. Througbotl the campaign. Cuter‘ r ,
looked upon skeptiwa a bin. distrutl‘ul.
Ironically. the same factors surrounded Ford
in New York. causing the Court of Appeab‘
decision to be. in effect. the final arbitor. New
Yorkers simply did not trust him.

  

Facts of the Future

 

Through a complex. statistical analysis of
past events. the SUNYA History Department
has identified several continuities in American
history. and claims it can now predict the
future with reasonable accuracy. The follow-
ing are future news tidbits gracioust supplied
to the Albany Student Press by the depart-
ment:

New York City. December. l976—Lame
duck Prestdent (ierald Ford accepts a bit role
on the NBC show Saturday Night LlVC.

ll'aslit'ngtun. |977 ~Rock star and ﬁnan-
cier of the Carter campaign Greg Allman
shocks official Washington with an announce-
ment that President Carter once dealt him
cocaine. Ailman \Ous to testifyagainst Carter
in court.and official Washingtonis abuzz. with
jokes about President ‘l.oi.in' Spoonful.‘

After the President I“. hile denying Allman's
charge).admits he has “desoed” heroin "in my
heart" on seyeral occasions. the House of
Representatiies begins 'lmpeach'nent of the
l’each' proceedings

Meanwhile. ex-First Lady Betty Ford says
she would not become upset it she found her
children were drug dddlCh.

ﬂirtexﬁﬁf-ﬁ by Ed MM m-awx-r-r-zar-WWW

Genera. l97ll—Jimmy Carter has broken
tradition by inviting his many rockstlr friends
to do shows at ofﬁcial receptions. Tlte'entire
world wonders if Bob Dylan will sing his
famous anti—government protest soap in his
scheduled performance at a U.S.-Russian
summit conference. Leo Brezhmvisquotedu
threatening to walk out if Dylan mentions
Soviet Jewry in his act.

Ihe lolksinger surprises eyeryone however
by pocketing his tee and not showing up. then
goes into seclusion for the nextseveralyears.

H umlslut’k. Y i... l979~$ome 900.0002":
on hand for a concert featuring 703' superstars
Harry Maniloﬂ. Neil Diamond and Chicago.
Despite the vast throng. the police report no
injuries. as eyeryone falls asleep.

(liltug’l’, 1980 the American Dental
AssoCtation publicly comes out in support of
President Carter's reelection. No reason is
giyen.

l‘lu/m. fjeuruiu, I‘M-t President Carter
demands a constitutional amendment to
abolish the presidential election. “as public
opinion polls are accurate enough nowadays.“
Carter appoints (ieorge (iullup and Lou
Harris tu important Cabinet posts.

  

 

 

 

 

 

state by a mere 300.000 \0le. a minute this nearly llllpttwlhic in light of his position

Rain Date: Nov. 14  sum

 

  

DRiV'E OUR CARS
FREE

 

 

.  .  . .,_- -  H ' " (M

 o HE FIELL
 - is
 GEORGE BENSON?

" For this, see

 

ﬂint-9.1. . a" 'v" . ' . .

 ‘- YEW
227'qu
.
n
u
.

Tu Florida. California and
all cities in the CS4

amen Room
Discount

  

A A A C O N A U T0
TRANSPORT
89 Shaker Road
Terrace Apartment
Albany. .\'.Y. i
462-747l ‘

   

Tired of
just

 
    

Must be [3 years old

   

 

 

 

  
 
   

 

 

 

 

   

: in 

i George Benson hang 9 z 7

.3. » , r I DON’T

i ' Wlth LIKE THE ,;

I Dave Sanborn ASP ‘3

i .
at cool/ell: In on! card holder: 1

i The  Theatre 0 50% discount on food and beverage '

*' '°‘“' d53:33.32.'fofif.fi.ftfﬁf.‘i.§"25

 Friday, Nov.  0 Student most have a meal contract why no“

i that includes luncheon meal

  
  

    

Work tor
The
Albany Student Press.

0 Ctch us feedback

 

at 8:00 PM

' Only effective after 12:45pm. until
closing (2 pm.)

   

     
 

0 Tell us what you don‘t like

  
 

 

Guitarist/Vocalist George Benson has been considered a premier
jazz-rock artist for more than a decade. Recently, he is noted for his
LP "Breezln," one of the largest selling jazz albums in history. If
you've heard his hitsingle "This Masquerade"thcn you know Benson
has a light, tasteful approach that’s hard to tire of. However, his
albums show that he can really cook on guitar. without losing his
light touch. Not surprisingly. Benson's achievements have won him
the Playboy All-Star Poll. a Grammy nomination, and the long-
standing support ofaloyal following. Butthis acclaim is meaningless “mil Monday, November [5'

     

Procedures:

- only the ilutlrn/ who u» m I/lt‘ "It'll, run! will gt'l llll’ t/lJt'llllﬂl
(nu gut-iii),

- Sludenl mitt! riin llllt'lt of r/im‘k tllltl Im’lmlt'

meal um] number and Il'.\l(ll’llt't' hall.

‘ before check is wrillt'n. It'll ll’lllllt‘ll l'llll will

he wing meal can] (liar/um].

I Tell us what we missed, what
should be covering .-- -. -

Tickets: $3.50 w/S.A. tax card
$5.50 General Public

     

 nM‘wnh

 
   
 

0 Write letters to our editor

 
 
 

 
 
  

  

Pmidpde h the ASP

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE ELEVEN

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

NOVEMBER 12, 1976

 ‘.; ,gae-.a'éé---m. ﬂu; « ..

 

