   
    
    

 

 

 _
. ;. ....

noem 730MB

 

 

 

-_

 

Wielding:

 

$6.98 SERIES
1

 

%

Let it Shine I Dance Stateroom. fDlill Mi Humane)
Europa (EMF-Cry Nomn‘e Smile)
Lot MO I w M. With Von

Phoebe Snow
Second Childhood
Cash inflwo  LovelAlI Over
Sweet DisposnioniPtevDawn imagination

 

 

 

 

RETURN TO FOREVER i

 

{The following statements ‘have
been solicited from the candidates
for University Senate. '

Tom Gal'fney ' Commuter—Student '
senators must represent their con-~
stituency. l advocate polling of un-
dergraduates and organized block
voting by student representatives.
Student power is for all students. not
just for those elected.

Andy Goldstein . Commuter—-
Having been an outspoken member
oi'the Senate for the past two years. I
would. again. appreciate advocating
strong student input into all
decisions affecting this university.
Susan Grober Commuter—It is
time to weed out the ineffective. and
pursue a course where all can.
together. attain the betterment of
educational services while fulfilling
personal student and faculty goals.
('ary Klein (‘mIImuIer-dAs I have

    
      

greatest degree of personal freedom

possible. V ' f '
- Ellen Deutschman -- Commuter-—

Students rarely have the opportunity
to voice their concerns to 'ad-
ministrators. As a University
Senator I can express the student
opinion in hopes of reaching those
who don‘t usually listen.

Billy Kreuter Contmuler--l‘m run-
ning for University Senate to help
make an effective challenge to the
disastrous and self-serving policies
of this school's administration. It is
time to reassert the interests of
students. '

Robyn Perchik Comm uler—
University Senate has the task ofes-
tItblishing policies relevant to your
life. dealing with grading policies.
financial aid, etc. i have served on
University Senate‘s Student Affairs
Council attd their subcommittees on
solicitation permits.

 
 

that thejob‘ '_ 
David Wep’rlh' Commuter—1f more
students and “so—called”: student
leaders would approachtheir faculty
and administrators as. workable
partners instead of adversaries. stu-
dent input ',in academic decisibns
would be greatly enhanced and
many academic crises would be
avoided.

Mark Kramer As a candidate for
Central Council I feel that I am well
qualiﬁed to serve as a University
Senator.

Greg eres Dutch—l feel that'stu-
dent government has ﬁne potential,
but poor communication is a major
problem. lfeiccted I would institute
newsletters. l have quad board ex-
perience. and am very willing to

Central Council Candidates State Views

t'tJIlliIlllt’t/ from page five
will enable me to represent students
properly.

Arianc llrlch ImlI'mI v If elected to

known haven't missed a CC meeting
since my election).

.Ican Stabisky [Ill/ill" Central
Council should be a group of awurc

Inc the opportunity to serve you.

 

Jun Lafayette Slate-«‘l‘his year I‘ve
devoted a great deal of time to stu-

 

Academic Council and Executive

Committee. l__ have successfully

fought to publicize grievance

proceedures and to establish reading"

days for final exams. _

Bob O‘Brien Dutch—l feel that my
participation at the University
Senate meeting, the Senate Student

Affairs Council and Senate Com;

mittee on Residences has helped to
give students. credibility in the

_ senate. . 

Arlene Ulrich I-Imlian—The Senate
needs people who are willing to
devotemuchtimeandtospeakupon

SUNYA wants from SASU. i am
presently a SASU legislative intern
and lobbyist and feel that I know
enough about the organization to
competently represent SUNYA
students on the delegate assembly.

Dianne I’iche
SASU must beeonte more com-

o , I . it y _
In Zimmerman. - panache—Through
my experience on the senate and .- 
member ’of the Undergraduate‘r.

' and Ann Sent-tor V

  

          
   

coming to this universit my >
ambition has been to have my
in the ‘A SP. ' i ’

 

Jon Lafayette SrateThis year We i

devoted, a great deal of time to stu-

dent governmertt. l will‘put‘in'the '

time‘neeessary to do the jobrright'.
Paul l-‘eldnt‘an My; ieitperience ‘

' Senate‘s Academic Seryicee Council; -

the Computing Center ‘Advisory
Council. Central Council's
Academics Committee. My goal:
Directing the academic affairs of the
university toward iISllldﬂll ﬂﬂdl.

- e
in the past. 1 hope to continue. ’l'odd Miles Crmmiulcr»——Having WOTK- v   

I   through the undergraduate lived. studied attd partied botlt on Michelle Berkowsky DuIr'Ii—w‘l‘hc K m ' h{ h . t d t d

f u I o'“"‘""" academic council to seek 'l liberal and off campus for the last tltrcc quality of education 'ttlhis schoolis I l "0“ W “i “Enmzcs 9‘ “.e“ 5. 3'0"“

; d .  I I l | I t a t s l ' 1 s s l . e ‘ - ‘ . . V v . ’

 I V mustbnmolrdomzﬁ: cdttcational policy that allows the years. I feel that I‘m in touch with dropping sharply. If not the ,Ancnwmums on Lemnlcoun "al' “in! “we” “new” Our educa'
. A Mmmm..,wmy,,m Cli i feel that I understand what “on.

. (Mute-«ill
' m

IAndy Goldstein

SASU isthe vehicle we must uiieto
advocate student concerns. both in
statewide issues and in campus
issues. Through SASU we may be
able to guarantee quality education
and student imput into all aspects of
our education.

individuals \vhoarc rcsponsivctothe dent goverttntcttt. I will put in the ‘ . ' we "1"!“ ﬂucml" ‘0 inﬂuence lhc . "a
o“ 7' 0N COLUMBlA Central Council 1 will represent the needs of the students. especially at a time necessary to do thejob right. mm“! ‘0 represcnnng ‘hc""l°'CS‘§ SUI“? legiSIlllUfc‘ "01 Gilly (mm-38h I
WARNER BROS RECORDS students ideas to the best of my abili— time when our education is in finan- —-———‘—— Pf fl” fwdcms 0" 1‘ su'mwldc IFYCI' lobbying. bl“ lhmugh Von“!
RECORDS '5' ‘ ty. I will also Ephqu all the respon- eialjeopardy. Am“... Hudluo‘ AlwnnimAlumni rhts Includes women. minorities. pressure. We must protest strongly i'

GENESIS
ammo/Ingale

 
 

 

 

 

HMS Fﬂsl JAZZ RECWING
JEANPIERRE RAMPAL, Flutist
SUITE FOR FLUTE

sibilitics that the Cottncii sets forth
to me.

Norman Schwartz Imlirm» Council
is restricted in what it can and cannot
do. It appears some oftlte candidates
don‘t realize this. We been there. I

Keith Brahman lmlinn 7| plan on
introducing a bill that would
drastically restructure student
government. creating a parliament.
More responsive to your needs. it
will attract your participation. Give

Quad Board appropriated money to

have its quad name changed. In

times of tight money and cut-backs.
money needlessly wasted by our pre-
sent representatives is unpardonable
and unexcusable.

veterans and older. pan-time and
handicapped students.

i am committed to making SASU
more than an office downtown that
puts out press releases and legislative
memos. to make it an organization

any decision made that will be dis-
functional towards obtainingquality
education. whether it be a state-wide
decision orjust on our own campus.
Let them notjust hear us. makethem
listen.

.-------------------------------------------.

   
    

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

éﬁagﬁzﬂmg : The following people are running for . 
CHOOSE FROM THESE GREAT LP’S i i i i
& MANY MORE! DISCOUNT SALE l O A i
PRICES GOOD THRU APRIL ONLY! i i I
I mys aura . 
maven MariaMuldaur smegma aozscaaos . .
FL! \ x, i W  What Can i Sly/ﬂuxlrrolhni'lzﬂm Mebmcrrow . . 
. i Lying smug“ Eyes I Win an Alone/Lowdown . l x
. tau-magmas amm'cmu'r In . .
“U 5'"   I I  «   . 0 Daniel Gaines Matthew Kaufman Bryant Monroe :
V  i ‘ , I  _,. f i Viclri Kurtznnn Lion Biundo 30" won! .
I u I I ’ '—- h.  i Mary Regan Stan Shapiro Poul Hobart . .
  .4 r. 5 ,' , gal/[a r i Richard Lipoon Bruce Klein Deborah Fox .
' ON ATLANTIC ‘ I ' . " , i Rich we.” no,” ﬂog-b.“ Jeff Hollander
“Econ” m .  Rtishclggoms : Michael Curwin More Kramer Kenn“: Iii-gin :
 I o ' . '°"“' 3 ” ea ‘ 5' W55 Gory Parker Patricia 0 c i ‘ ..
' / , Rich Grecnberg
"  - ' “.5 . : Jonathon Levonoon Eric “uelm Ch‘rvl sebum" .
-  Robert Mntzn Greg Leunc Dione Picho .
I ' I i H : Andy Goldatcin Howie Grounlnn J“' "m" :
, ,   A 0 Ron Ncuburger David chrin No1.“ Ann-n .
L 4’ . .  Heller 3",” Ch.‘k.n It. ZlIIII‘IIOI'mIn .
V . i .
l i
- . “an i Information on the candidates from their : y 
I" ' t O tnomination forms will be available at the polling place.
it , l 1 i
\o o o i J.
, _ ' —’_ L-----------------------O-----------,-------.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

C AGE SEVEN
APRIL 26, 1976 P i

 

auto: V, IN

