   
      
    

  

   
 
     
      
   
   
      
   
    
  
     
   
 
   
   

 
 

 

 

Stete University of New York at Buf-
feio‘ recommend. '
i n The self-proclaimed defenders of

reason and the Renaissance spirit

say they are femiiierivitli reams do
scientiﬁc evidence which reduce
nearly all occult cleime'to bunk. -

In order to distribute‘this evidence

.to foundation and education

decision-makers as well as the

'generel public, about 30'scholars.
. writers. and scientists established the

“Committee to Scientiﬁcally In-

venigate Claims of Peranormal and

Other Phenomena.”
The committee. form

 

   
  

 
 

ed durin ‘ the

 

 

' with "Basically" responsible

        
   
       
   

 

Seidenberg
Jewelry

264 Central Ave.
(near Lake Ave.)

Thousands and thousands
of earrings

Earrings... 50‘

     
 

publish scientiﬁc eveiuetlori of their
validity. ' I  -- '» _
The new group wants to coo ete

      

spokesmen for the other side" to in-

vestigate . specific claims, said

Marcello Truzzi. committee co-
cheirmen and a sociology professor
at Eastern Michigan State Universi-
ty.
As Baltimore writer Dennis
Rawlins said of his lint priority:

“Bring us your best theories. or
your best astrologers, and we'll test
them."

Astrologers. like most occultists,
do not publish results which can be
duplicated elsewhere, Rawline com-
plained. He said this violated a
primary principle of science.

 

to Mexico soon.

 

 

Add these words to your basic vocabulary
now, whether or not’you’re planning a trip

SPANISH ENGLISﬂ
chocho childish old man
gargarizando gargling
sacamuelas quack dentist
bulla soft coal
manteca lard

pantufla bedroom slipper

Here at Jose Cuervo, we believe
an informed consumer is an
informed consumer.

 

 

 

 

   

. .
.“We wani'

"Religions have holy min.

astrology has loopholey men."

Rewiins said.

" Besides‘estrology. the committee -'

expressed interest in examining
claims made for psychic healing, im-
mortality. orgone energy. dianetics.
astral projection. exorcism.
poltergeists and Kiriian
photography, which purports to
capture the image of an energy ﬁeld
which envelopes all living things.

Paul Kurtz. co-chairman of the
committee and a phiisophy
professor at the host school, com-
plained that the nature of news
coverage gives more publicity to in-
itial claims of supernatural
phenomena than to the rational ex-
planations which often emerge after
investigation. At the group‘s ﬁrst
meeting Saturday evening, they
agreed to expand a witchcraft
newsletter publichcd by Truzzi into
the committee's journal.

lllttsionist James Randi. who
claims to duplicate Israeli keybcnrlcr
Uri Geller‘s mind-over-matter feats
using nothing but deception.
emphasized the need for an
agyessive campaign to use the news
media to get their message to the
public.

“The cuckoos are doing it . . .
we've got to publish too.“ he told
other committee members.

Truzzi said one of the prime func-
tions ofthe group would be to act as
“gatekeepers” at the doors of private
foundations and government agen-
cies which grant research funds.
Committee members. many ofthem
orthodox scientists and scholars.
said they were disturbed that cultists
receive funds for research they con-
sider to be scientiﬁcally invalid.

But when a foundation hears the
phrase “inconclusive evidence." that
often eliminates the grant. Truzzi
said.

He said the committee‘s ﬁrst
business should he to establish their
journal. called “etctic.” the ancient
Greek word for skeptic.

The journal should include
bibliography of already-published
scientiﬁc investigations of occult
phenomena. the committee agreed.
Much of this material is not widely
known. even by sophisticated per-
sons. members said.

And they think that can be
dangerous for our society. Kurtr.
wrote recently:

“Perhaps we ought not to assume
that the scientific enlightenment will
continuc indeﬁnitely: for all we
know. like the Hellenic civilization.
it may be overwhelmed by
irrationalism. subjectivism. and
obscurantism."

Among those listed as mcm bers of
the committee were George Abcll.
astronomy professoratthc Universi-
ty of California at Los Angclcs;
science fiction writer Isaac Asimob;
philosopher Sidney Hook and liar-
vard behaviorist B. F. Skinner.

UFO-Debuncr Phillip Klass said
of the group:

“If we should ﬁnd psychic ability,
I don't think there‘s any of us who'd
keep it a secret."

it. Put more . the 4:
'slibis." .  ~‘

 

 

 

 

   
    
    

 
   

  

    

     
    
     
 
 

   

Trial of Korean Opposition Leader Begins

SEOUL. Smelt ltoree (AP) Thetrial of oppositionleader Kim Dae-jungand
l7 other prominent South Koreans. mostly church leaders. on charges or
agitating for popular uprisings against President Chung Hee Park will open
Tuesday. A corps of 25 top-notch Korean lawyers will defend the accused,
who also include former President Yun Po-son. opposition lawmaker
Chyung llhyung and his wife Mrs. Lee Tai-young, ﬁve Roman Catholic
priests and four Protestant clergymen. The charges were drawn from n
manifesto they issued at an ecumenical Mass on March I demanding the
restoration of full democracy and Park's resignation.

Arabs Detonete Bombs In Jerusalem

JERUSALEM (AP) Twa booby-trapped motorcycles blew up in downtown
Jerusalem Monday, injuring about if persons, police said. The explosion
occarredss thousands of people gathered for annual ceremonies honoring
lsraei war dead. The blast in Ben Yehuda Street set off a ﬁre in the Capital‘s
main commercial street. It was not known to have been at the speciﬁc site of
any ofthe memorial ceremonies. Police cordoned off the area. Witnesses
reported. Pools of blood were seen on thesidewaik. Fire engines. ambulances
and police cars went to the scene. The site ofthe blast is not far from Zion

Square, the site of frequent Arab bombings.

Supreme Court Rules on Trial Ethics

WASHINGTON (AP) A prisoner who objects to standing trial injail clot hcs
but is required to do so is denied his constitutional right to be presumed
innocent until proven guilty, the Supreme Conrt ruled Monday. The eight
justices who took part in the decision were unanimous on the jail clothes
issue. But they split six to two in upholding the conviction of a Texas man
despite their ruling on the constitutional question. The practical effect of the
decision is not expected to be widespread since it is common practice in
federal and state courts to permit or provide civilian clothes who are being
held awaiting trial because they have not posted bail.

Eritrean Rebels Release Hostages

WASHINGTON (AP) Two Americans and a Briton have been released by
Eritrean rcbcls who kidnapped them in Ethiopia last year. the State
Department announccd Monday. Steven Campbell of San Leandro. Calif.
and Jamcs Harrell of Milwaukee were released in good condition in
neighboring Sudan. said department spokesman John Trattncr. They were
kidnapped last July l4 by an insurgent group known as the Popular
Liberation Forces. V. H. Burwood'Taylor. the honorary British consul in
Asmara. Ethiopis. scizcd last October by the rebel group. also was rclcascd.
Trattncr said.

Birch Bayh Endorses Jimmy Carter

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) Sen. Birch Bayh. one of Democratic presidential
hopeful Jimmy Carter's early rivals for the nomination, today endorsed the
former Georgia governor. As Carter began his last day of campaigning for
Tuesday's Indiana primary. Bayh told reporters that although he is more
closely aligned philosphicaily with US. Rep. Morris K. Udall ofArizonn.
Carter is the only Democrat who can win in the fall. “it is becoming
increasingly apparent that there is one candidate who has the opporiunityto
appeal to a broad cross-section of the American people, one candidate who
has the opportunity to win the nomination through the primary and static
convention process and thus avoid the divisiveness and bitterness which
results from a brokered convention." Bayh said. “In my judgment. that
candidate is Gov. Jimmy Carter.“

Davidott Pleads Innocent to Grand Larceny

NEW YORK (AP) Sidney Davidoff. a former City Hall aidcinthc John \'
Lindsay administration. plcadcd innocent Monday to charges of grand
larceny anti tax violations involving Jimmy‘s. his shuttcrcd midtouu
restaurant. Davidoff. 36. of Beechhurst. and Peter Arevalo. 31. of Astoria.
both Queens. were paroled without bail in Criminal Court after dcnyinga 45-
count indictmcnt that a defense lawyer said stemmed from “sclcmiw
prosecution." The grand jury accused the two men and thc restaurant
corporation. West 52nd Street operating Inc.. of a “general fraudulent
scheme" to make personal use of at least 321.000 tttxcs withheld from
employees in I97J-4.

Apartment Building Employees Strike

NEW YORKMI’) Employees ofsomc ofthe city‘s swankicst and most costl)
apartment buildings went on strike Monday. two days before a walkout
deadline. Landlords and the union accused each other of bad faith and unfair
prcssurc tactics. while tens of thousands of tenants in an estimated 500
buildings in Manhattan were caught bctwccn them. The union acknowledged
that it had chosen its targets front among buildings that would generate the
maximum possible publicity and impact. It said the reason it thsjumpingt hc
gun was that landlords wcrc circulating as a scare tactic an announcement
that. as of May 5. 22 items of fringe beneﬁt were being cut front the contract
unilaterally.

  

 

Balloon to be Bicentennial Birthday Card
 POUGHKEEPSIE. N.Y. (AP) Willi a littlc luck, your name may go UP i"
history on what is being billed as the world's largcst birthday card. “iiappi‘
is the Birthday 7b America" is the greeting enscrihcd on the 60-foot-squarc nylon
card strcamtngfrom Bill Hughes “bicentennial balloon.“ Hughes. a 39-year-
Ias’ day ’0 old former Navy pilot who is nowaptolessionai balloonist. says heluy awake
nights dreaming up his bicentennial salute. Hughes says the crew. which
d") classes! includes his girlfriend Peggy Coyne and other friends. hopes to meet
I) expenses by asking for donations of Si for the opportunity to sign the card.
ma Guano." mu. '0 FROM white With rcd trim. “We've alreadygot about two orthreethousand names."

tut-omen AND 11'le av oisu. EUBLEINJNQ. HARTFORD. CONN says Hughes.

PAGE TWO ALBANY STUDENT PRESS MAY 4. 1976

 

by Andrea Hereberg V , ,
Playing the maniacal psychiatrist
David Steinberg whips into an aerial
pirouette. snaps his ﬁngers and
shouts. "Ole." In fact. dressed in a
plain dark suit. he even cuts a
toreador‘s ﬁgure. He
sprawls across a stool
and cues the entrance
of a volunteer
student-patient.

With cunning sincerity Steinberg
weasles the lad into admitting his
virginity." “Booga Booga". The
audience roars to the familiar comic
ridicule.

Interview

"Relax. I’m a psychiatrist and I'm
here to help you with your
problem . . . . . . . you see a girl?"

" Yes."

"And not! lo the girl what do you
.rcc?"

"The Ruthrkcllar."

“ The Rollo/cellar. good. That you
can get into! Booga Booga!"

Assoon as he gets offthe ballroom
stage. Speakers Forum people hustle

Steinberg up the stairwell to" the CC
third floor refuge where he 
spend the break between shows. I

It takes a few minutes for him to
unwind. He selects an egg salad

 

v sandwich and we start to talk. There

are occasional interruptions by the
stage crew who either wanted to dis-
cuss sound and lighting problems or
introduce their girlfriends who
happened to be Steinberg's biggest
fans.

Steinberg politely repeats the
names of everyone he meets. He says
he is excited by the people who ad-
mire him for his talent. But not
everybody does. Even one of his
biggest fans said. “The show was ex-
cellent but I didn‘t like the part about
the Jewish Princess."

“A Jewish Princess is a girl who
makes love with her eyes closed
because she can't stand to see
someone elses' pleasure. "

“I hate when the audience mis-
interprcts my point of view." says
Steinberg in a soft voice. “That's

Student Killed by Car
Crossing Road in Rain

by Bryan Holzberg

(iuildcrlund Police said poor
visibility and slick road conditions
contrihutcd to the death of a
SUNYA student late Saturday
night.

Cindy Rubin, struck by a car
while crossing I‘ullcr Road. was
hroughl to Albany Medical Center
by a (ittildct'lund rcscuc unit where
shc was pronounced dead at 8:30
Sunday morning. . . .

As (iuildct‘lund police
rcconstructcd the incident. Rubin
was one of ti group of three or four
students leaving the campus Satur—
day night in a rainstorm"

“A couple of girls ran across
[Fuller] road.“ said Chief Jamcs
Morley of the Guildcrland police.
“and Rubin started walking at an
angle across the road. One girl
ycllcd. she didn‘t know if she was
heard. Rubin had ltcr hood up. one

of these dark things. and I guess she
couldn‘t hear her friend or see the car
coming. The driver was slowing
down to turn into the restaurant
[l.‘l3colc]. he couldn‘t have been do-
ing the speed limit . . . he stopped
on a very slick pttvcnicnt."

“It was just an accident." said
Murlcy. “No charges were entered.
The couple [in the car] was very dis-
traught and they stayed until rescue
arrived." .- I

Rubin entered into surgery at I
am. with a severe head injury and
compound leg and shoulder fruc-
turcs. A hospital spokesperson said
that slit: died in her sleep.

English Major

Rubin. frotn Brooklyn. was a
junior majoring in English. A friend
said that “Cindy was really a strik-
ing. beautiful. intelligent person.

  
   

what . happened ’ on the a...“ 5
Show. I was very speciﬁc about the - -
“words I used. “

“Not all Jewish women are Jewish
Princesses—I was deﬁning a speciﬁc
type. i saw the mail two days ago.
and they were the most hostile
lettcrs—‘l-Work-very-hard-and-I'm-
no-Jewish-Princess.‘ ‘

"I'm not accusing that person of
being a Jewish Princess. To me a
Jewish Princess is just a spoiled per-
son, that‘s all.

“The people that'givc methe most
trouble are the Jews,“ says
Steinberg. remembering how the
Jewish women‘s organization.
Hadassah. bombarded ABC with
letters opposing the station‘s deci-
sion to call his program. The David
Steinberg Show. Hadassah didn't
want the show to be associated with
a Jewish name and they won.

“it isn‘t the goyim that object to
the name Steinberg. . .It's the Jews
who are worried that people are go-
ing to think that they‘re clannish.

"They are very nervous about
their own Judiasm. . .Thc reaction
is amazing. They are not secure with
their own identity so they can't be
sure what mine is.

     

      

    
  

Camden David Bteinberg during his BUNYA eppeuenee Friday

  

night In the Campus Center Ballroom.

“This was about the most Jewish
audience i ever played to." said
Steinberg. rcferringto Friday night's
first show. “But that doesn‘t
necessarily make it the best audience
because they‘re looking for a quick
identiﬁcation with me against the

 

 

From Ielt to right, Jerry Mendiebaum, Bryant Monroe. Rob
Nissan and Barry Dineretein, Alumni Quad Board‘s Committee
on Priorities display their new logo. Story on pege tour.

 

 

n

gentile audience. . .

Steinberg said he found it con-
descending when somebody called
out. “Don't say shickse!" during a.
skit. Shickse is a yiddish word mean-
ing a non-Jewish girl; some people
consider it to be a slur.

Steinberg said he is well aware of
his word choice: “You see he‘s pick-
ing on the thing that he knows the
meaning of. But he's wrong; I‘m
deliberately using the word. it goes
over better for a non-Jewish
audience because you get the point
ofview that is very accurate.

"According to myfathcr. gcnlilto'. '
allhough very inIt'IIigcnI—rcll their
c/n'lzlrunfbr it'ltt'xlrcy. . .Now that's
[)rc/‘tulicc. but it's got rharaclcr.
How can I gcl marl at that."

When he‘s doing cthnic humor.
Steinberg feels he is in a sense. con-
veying the pride ltc takes in his
background.

“It‘s funnyto mc. . .it illuminates
areas of prejudice in other religions.
It's really exciting that you can do
that.“

Creativity also excites Steinberg.
To grow and cxpund as a comedian
Stcinbcrg says you have to movc into
new areas for your material. I

continued on page four

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' e
SA Election Results Central Councll
Commuters Indian
P'e‘lde'“ 686. we. Pmﬂdﬂ‘l" Diannc Pichc 208‘ Jean Stabinsky [14*
Slew DiMco Gilly Parker 85‘ Bob 'Garelick l92‘ Mitch Werner 105‘
Jon chcnson 574 Jeff Hollander 828 Bruce Klein 163' Dutch
Jﬂl’ Miller 475 Wrile'iﬂﬂ 63 Cary Klein I63‘ Larry Gallup 168'
Ma“ Kaufman 85 Bob O‘Brien 150' Paul Birnhaum 166‘
Mark 'Bere l38’ Rich Weiss '
sasu Student Assembly Roger Her;er m. Colon... '53
University Council D'l'B‘“ Dave weprin 134‘ Michael Lissncr l83'
Sieve DlMco 652' Dianne “Che 736. Larry Bray l34“ Rich Greenberg I3ti'
Jay Miller 507 Kath HMO" I 656' Eric“ Demschmnn |340 John Tsui “5'
Jon chcnson 45l Andy Gommcm 6241’ Alumni State
Gary Bennett NO 53' Hum 136 Andy Klein 58‘ Gregg Lcssne 94'
Arthur Hidaigo 42' Jon Lafayette 91'
Student Tax Referendum
Mandatory I I93‘ 0 e
 772 Unwersrty Senate
.- - ~ . . - . Alumni Board Commuters COIN“
' “mm” m” w'"“”‘ Nan...“ 3.1...“ also Andy Goldstcin 235' Paul Feldmun mt
lercsidcnl_ Elem DiMcn hug a!» CIIII 0' 1977 Maureen De Mnio 35‘ Cary Klein. '90. Mike Krams '52.
pointed Goldstcin to take the SA Presld'm I Alldy Baumﬂn 34' Duve wepn" 178. Dum"
president's unmommic" SASU Cheryl Schneider 230‘ David Coync 34‘ Ellen Deutschman I67' Iris Zimmerman 233‘
dclcgmc position, Vice President |m Bimbuum 33* Bob O Brien ‘ l65' Richard Talesmck [55'
Cathy Dowcr 298‘ Robyn Pcrchtk 155' right-He Berkowsky ISI'
.. s , -. i _ ~ -. - Secretary Susan Grober l42‘ u an
sinlrctcilhdrrﬂri’didti‘tdbrushing: Janet Meunicr 300s  1”. Marc Kramer i112: Arianc Ulrich 141'
than 50% of me vole. and neither Treasurer Mam Benecke '84. Todd Miles 129 Jay Sallaway [250
ounce dcd as chcnson did in the Mill“ Krilch 185' w“ Prawn“ Alumni State
presidential race. Tim Bung" 235‘ Gary 390nm 54' 3°" WWW" '0"
Jerry Mendelhaum 53‘ Brad Schemer 81'
MAY 4, 1976 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE THREE

 

