  
 
  

  
     
  

  
 
  

-1... ..- E r-..

 
   
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

m  may» .

 

.e - a... nay-1...;

 

Wm. m‘

 

  

a: .mp.....m,-mm.ucnr-

g.
i.
t,
l

 

 

  

 

 

' power in Thailand on Wednesday

        
 

mm .- _ _ ,_
man-known for his tough
stance agalrlt communism seized

pro-American. said he did not'want
Thailand to-become a prey to Com-
munists. I . _ V ‘
’l‘ortm and Death

Two of the victims were hanged
and their bodies mutilated. and
others were set afire in the fighting at
Thammasat University. The
violence grew out of leftist protests

Defense Minister Sangad against the return home last month
Chalawyu, whorwas armed forces of former dictator Thanom Kit-
ehief until six days ago. took power \tikachorn. who was ousted by stu-
from Prime Minister Seni Ptamoj dent protests three years ago.

after savage battles between leftist
and rightist students that left at least
22 persons dead and about lilo
wounded. by police count. Uncon-
firmed reports put the death toll at
35 or more.

and declared martial law. The 60- Thanom was not believed to have

V'Tb‘alland  4 A ’iye’areold Sangad. who is considered ,

       
    
 
    
 
 
   

played an active role in the coup.
itself. He and Sangad Were on poor
terms when Thanom was in power.

Calm by Night . -

Leftist student oppositroit a
to the withdrawal last spring of all
remaining American servtcemen' in
Thailand. a close ally of the Viet—
mun war. By night. the citywas calm
with no overt opposition to the
takeover. ‘

“You can sleep well tonight. Yoti
don't have to live in fear anymore.
Sangad told the nation in ancvening
television broadcast.

Council Considers Parker’s Impeachment

Council added. "It‘s harrassment by
Parker against the PCA. This
summer he made us rewrite our con-
stitution just to allow us to use the
van outside of Albany. lthink we're
being singled out."

When asked why PCA was forced
to rewrite their constitution. Parker
responded. “No one forced them to
do anything. Itwas just a helpful hint
for legality sake. The way the con-
stitution read it sounded like the
group only planned to travel around
Albany. I just wanted it phrased
properly.“

Questioned about whether it is
standard SA procedure to review
constitutions of all SA groups.
Parker said. “I absolutely try to. I
don't say I do. but I try to."

Parker then added. “I absolutely
did not single PCA out. They're
wrong. they are not the victims of

continued from page one
and that the group was leaving the
next morning.

The police informed Parker that
what 'he did was illegal.

Parker is reported to have said
that there was a misunderstanding
between himself and Browne-
Marke.

Though Parker agreed that this
synopsis was 98% accurate, he said
that PCA‘s action was extreme.

“I did not feel that there were
grounds for censure.“ stated Parker.
“But for the benefit of Student
Association. I accepted the idea.”

“We definitely want to impeach
Parker. said PCA President
Arthur Bedford after Wednesday‘s
Council meeting. “It's notjust asim-
ple misunderstanding. Censureship
is not enough."

Bedford. who is also a member of

#—

WANT TO TALK IT OVER?

Call MIDDLE EARTH 1457-5300
Schuyler 102. Dutch Quad

We‘re there 9 A.M. - l2 l’.M. Weekdays.

Mn weekends.
try:
intensity stein steerst

$1.00 off on Pitchers of

 

 

 

?.

l360 New Scotland Ave.

  

Slinserlands Beer w/Student I.D.
439-9859
New EXPIRES:
Scor, Oct. 30. I976

 

 

".'.':-‘$‘$‘f:'...: . "' '

only at:
l. 5 dozen or more l232 Western
2. 24 hour notice 438-3332

 

 

 

rrr"

PAGE TWO

 
         
         

any kind of intentional harrass-
ment.“

Council member Ellen
Deustchman. who already favors a
Parker impeachment. felt that. “The
reasons behind what he [Parker] did
to PCA come out in not even vague
terms. To me it‘s blatant racism. But
it‘s more than that. It‘s ignorance.
which is behind racism. and its
stupidity."

Under Article VII section I ofthe
SA Constitution. an officer of SA
can be subject to impeachment for
reasons of neglect. nonfeasance. mis-
feasance. or malfeasance of duty.

To begin impeachment
proceedings. ri three quarters Vote of
the total membership of Central
Council is nccdcd. Once that is ob-
tained. ri two thirds affirmative vote
is needed for a verdict of guilty.

“Even if the Council votes for im-
, L ‘ Wednesday. the actual
trinl wouldn't be unill uwcck later to
allow both sides to gathervevidence'.“
said Council Chairman Greg Lcssne
who will preside over the impeach-
ment hearing. “The Supreme Court
Chief Justice would preside over the
actual trial." Lessne added.

“It‘s pretty amazing to think we
can impeach a member ofthe SA ex-
ecutive branch." said Deustchmun.
“I think he should be impeached. I
think he can be impeached. illld I
think he will be impeached."

"I just hope tbrit when Wednesday
night rolls around. those thirty-one
Council members vote. brised on the
evidence that is prescnled."suid IAC
member Cary Klein.

"‘It will probably come down to
voting on Parker‘s pcrsonril
cliuractcrirwlicthcr someone likes
him or not. Its abhorant. That's what
is wrong with impeachment."

Brezhnev Claims
Detente Sabotage

MOSCOW (AP) Soviet Communist
ptirty lender Leonid I, Brezhnev llC-
cuscd uuurtmcd Western
governments Tuesday of sabotaging
[inst-West dctcnte by rriising the
bogey of n Soviet threat. "Spokes tire
being put in the wheels." he said. us-
ing an idiom meaning to obstruct.
"Some circles in Western countries
persistently spread allegations about
u Soviet menace rind rirc speculating
on the fear which they themselves
assiduously arouse."

Brezhnev spoke in an interview
with French television from his
study in the Kremlin. The interview
was also brondcusl in Moscow. and a
transcript was carried by Toss. the
ofﬁcial Soviet News Agency. He said
the need to halt the arms buildup has
become urgent and spoke out
against those in the West who insist
the United States must be the
strongest military power in the
world.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

lso led ‘

  

Ford-and Carter Exchange Harsh CI‘Illclsm' I I 1
WASHINGTON (A P) President Ford faced a_barrage of cum pargn crittcrgm
Thursday for his statement that the Sovret Union does not dominate Izristcrn
Europe, with Democrat Jimmy Carter calling.“ a blunder and a any...”
While Democrats were pouncing on that .pornt and some Ford advrscrs
issued interpretations of it. Ford reversed prior policy on the Arab hoycrm (,1
Israel. He ordered the Commerce Department to make public from now on
all reports of requests to U.S. companies to participate in the boycott. “1 In)“;
concluded that this public disclosure will strengthen extstrng policy uguunr
the Arab boycott of Israel without jeopardizing our vrtiil interests in the
Middle East." Ford said in a statement distributed by the White Homo

Jury Begins Deliberation In Saxe Murder Case

BOSTON (AP) A jury of six men and six Women began tlclihcrrilnm
Thursday in the first degree murdcrand armed robbery Case against illtI|-\\ n.
activist Susan E. Saxe. After listening to a 90-minute set ofinstruciiom from
Superior Court Chief Justice Walter McLaughlin. the jury retired to be...“
considering the fate of the 27-year-old former Branders Uncvcrsity hon...
student. Ms. Saxe is charged with the I970 robbery of a State Street lino).
branch in which Boston Patrolman Walter Schroederqu shot to dcillll. Ihc
Albany. N.Y. native spent 41/;years on the FBI‘s Ten Most Wanted lisl
following the holdup in the Brighton section. Three alternate jurors nurt-
sclcctcd by lot from the original 15-member panel. reducing thcjur) in 11

Mlneola Teachere’ Strike Enters Second Day

NEW YORK (AP) A teachers strike against Mincolu public schools L'lllL‘lL'd
its second day yesterday as faculty members tried to force the Bonrd of
Education to discuss it settlement recommended by ri mediator. Micr-
elementary. middle and high school teachers walked off ihcu )rihs
Wednesday because of n contrrict dispute. the schools stayed open to: rhr-
system's 4.000 students. but attendance was down. The school borird brought
in substitutes rind risked police to guarantee the substitutes Wtittltl not hc
prevented from entering the school buildings. The borird said 245 turn-hm
were on strike. but the union. the Mineoln Teachers Association. hilltl 34o
were out. The strike was aimed at forcing the Board of EdUClllltlll to lrrlk
about u contract proposal recommended by a mediator :iiid occupied by rln-
marchers. but refused by the board.

Settlement Reached at Montefiorc Hospital

NEW YORK (AP) The Committee of Interns tllltl Residents rcnchud .r
settlement with Montefiorc Hospital in the Bronx without it walkout
Thursday as it continued ri strike against three voluntary hospitrils llu-
walkouts bythe young doctors began Tuesday in a bid for recognition rlcspuc
a National Labor Rclations Board ruling that they were gruduritc srndr-nrx
not covered by fcdcrnlvlribor lnws. Monteﬁorc. by agreeing to :i run-ion
extension of tin expired contrrtctwiththc CIR. became the Hub institution to
come to terms with the doctors. The doctors continued on strikc ill I lll\|t'|ll
College of Medicine. Flower Fifth Avenue Hospittil illld lir'tmktlrilc llmpildi

Beame Administration and PBA Resume Talks
NEW YORK (AP) The administration of Mayor Abrnhuni Iicnnic :ind lilt’
Pritrolmcn‘s Benevolent Association. both nngry rind stubborn hogan
talking llgltlll 'l‘hursdny. Following n night in which riboirt-l.r)()tl oII illll\
police officers threrilcned to storm the East 5 Isl Strcct suitionlnnoc ro In'r
four arrested fellow officers. First Deputy Mayor John Ii. Zuccoirr uud I'll\
President Douglas Weaving tirrringcd to mch privntcly ut llll nrulm Imul
locrition. Sidney Frigand. press aide to Mtiyor Abrnlnun l) llL'.llIlt'
described the meeting as “not It resumption of negotiations.“ bnl r-Hhvl »l
“preliminary discussion" involving only the two men. Zuccotri llltil lidliilh'tl
city negotiations with the lli.0(l0-nicnibcr PBA tbrit led to u lL'lllrllllt'
agreement Inst 'I'hursduy. But the dclcgritc bonrd ol the l’liA lr'|L'LlL'il rlic
settlement without referring it to the police rnnk-rind-filc,

Blue Law is Rendered Useless In Connecticut
HARTFORD (Al’) l’olicc rind prosecutors iii Connecticut ril'c llt'lll)! lnlrl Hr"
to bother enforcingthc stritc‘s hurt on Sunday stiles bccnuse the Inn hm W")
rendered useless. Deputy Chief Stntc‘s Atty. John Mnlculiy bltltl llinrnlM
Mulcuhy ﬂuid at Common Pleas Court decision Inst \vcck rhur lllr’ ll“
Pmlllhlling the still: of most items on Sunday is unconstitiitrririnl umlm 1|
“Virmllly impossible" to win it criminal cusc rigriinsl ri stor‘c. llc hillrl rlr.n In:
“H PrilCllCltl purposes. the stute now bus no restrictions on r'clrtrl opvrulnllh
for the first titne since the blue law was adopted in the l7th cent Ill) " I In Lou
tire on the books but they are unenforceable.“ Mulcnhy sand.

Tests Prove Nuclear Contamination Unlikely

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The state I’lcrilth Department's top rriduirrou uprrl
3"“ Thursday that although testing would continue on :i prccuuiiooun hum
l‘ “5 unlikely that New Yorkers have been exposed to any alulllllw'“
contamination from the Chinese nuclear blast Sept. 26. “For uu indn rduul to
cxmllencc any Pllfticulrir effects. he would have to trike in pcrhnl‘h l’c‘wcc"
"mi million ’"ld '00 million timcrthe iodine I31 he‘d be inking in.“ mid Ill
John Mntusck. director of the llcnltlt Department's flttlltlltlgtcttl \t'tcltt‘t‘s
laboratory. Mutusek llllltl thrit tests of milk sampled from lln Ur'uugc ( 'ouril)’
P’occl‘llinB Pill"! did detect substantially higher levels of rudintiou tlnin lit-Hill-
but were still below any danger point.

 

OCTOBER 8. 1976

 
  

 

   

Presented here ls part“ of SUN YA
President Emmett 8. Fields' proposed
mission statement reproduced from the
September 7 issue of the Tower Tribune.
It sets forth speciﬁc curriculum changes
that will be implemented In the im-
mediate future and general guidelines
concerning priorllies for more dirlanl
resource allocations. Note that this sec-
tion has been removed from the context
of the entire statement/or the reader's ln-
spection. The whole report should be
consulted to faci/lime a more complete
understanding of the document and the

decisions reﬂected here.

SEE EDITORIAL—PAGE ELEVEN

 

 

 

 

ACADEMIC PROGRAM
OFFERINGS AM) PRIORITIES

All universities are constrained in their
ran e of program offerin s for both educational
an economic reasons. e reduction of twenty
degree programs on the Albany campus this

ast year reﬂected a shared realization that an
inventory of 1 programs could not be sup
ported at the requisite level of quality in the
years ahead. The range of programs sustained
is befittin of a universit . however. and the
work of t e Presidential ask Force on Priori-
ties and Resources left the institution whole~
somer formed for the future.

The Task Force members did not have the
benefit of u written statement of mission to
guide their deliberations. Nonetheless. there was
ready comprehension of the general future of
this University. es ecinlly its role as a major
university center. i e nriturc of any university‘s
obligations to students and to somety. and the
incrcusing intention to be given to policy issues
of public concern. The criteria used for pro-
gram evulurition constitute evidence of this
understanding. as does the final report itself.
Consequently. whut is needed now is not a re-
evaluation of the Tusk Force’s recommenda-
tions. but rather it corilcscing of their work and
the information on which it wris based into ll
statement of future program offerings and priori-
ties. The time horizon selected is three ycrn‘x.
or through 1979-80. with the understanding
[hill the plan should be updated tit Icrist rin-
nunlly to reflect the latest information available
on accomplishments. progrrim needs und rc-
sourcc rivniliibility.

Program Offerings

The President's Re rt on Priorities and Re-
sources. (Iutcd March 5. 1976.50! forth the pro-
grams to be sustriined on the Albany campus. As
indicated below. the inventory includes 42 pro-

vrrims ill the bachelor's level. 48 at the master‘s
evcl. 2| iii the doctorul level. and eight Uni-
versity certificrite programs. In addition. the
University will continue its commitment to the
Educational Opportunities Program. to which
we ndniit students who have the potential to
engage in university-level work but who have
some deficiency in academic preparation und
who are economically disndvuntugcd.

Bachelor's Degree Programs

Division of Humanities: (I7) — Art.
Chinese. Classics (Greek, Lntin. and Greek dc
Itomun Civilization). English. French. German.
Indian Studies (assuming Division of Budget re-
lcusc of funds appropriated by the Legislature).
Judaic Studies. Linguistics, Music. Philosophy.
Rhetoric & Columnnicritious. Russian. Spanish.
'I'lieritic.

Division of Social & Behavioral Sciences:
(II) African 84 Afro-American Studies.
Anthropology. Asian Studies. Economics.
Gctigrnpliy. History. Psychology. I'ucrto Ricun
Studies. Russian A‘L Ii. European Studies. Social
Sltldies. Sociology.

Division of Science rind Mathematics: (9) r
Atmospheric Science. Biology. ('liciiiistry.
Computer Science a Applied Math. lirirth Sci-
t'llL‘lf. Geology, Muthcnuilics. Mcdicul Tech-
nulogy. Physics.

School of Education: (I)

School of Business: (2)
Business Administration.

School of Public Affairs: (I) — Political
Science.

School of Social Welfare: (I)
Course Sequences

('onnc sequences will continue in Art llis-
lriry. liulrrin Studies. lourririliun. Pence Studies.
Polish, llfllllll Silltllcx. and Women's Slltdles.
chcrul rlcprirrrncnrs Will also continue to tiffcr
courses in environmental nttnlytis.

Master's Degree Programs

Divlslon of Humanities: (l3) -- Clusslcs
(Classical Archeology. Greek. and Latin).
linglldi. French. German. Italian Studies (as-
sumlng Dlvlslon of Budget release of funds

_"‘bythe| i‘"' ,L

Act'null ting.

II \
r
in "

OCTOBER 8. 1978

r... r

1", it )it

i- Geography. History.

. -  It so
«y 'holosv. seem Stud - Niel"!!- . the most of mill! m shift r " ‘ '
Division 0' 5cm“ W "mm" '  . In a short period of tins? The exlstence 

 

Atmospheric Science. Itloluuy. n
Computer Science. Geology. Mathematics.
Physics. ' .-

Scltool of Education: (l2) ~ Counseling.
Curriculum Planning. liduciitlonul Administra-
tlon. Educational Communications. Educa-
llontilPsycltoluily. General Professional. Read-
ing. Rehabllltutlon Counseling. Special Educa-
tion. Student Personnel Services. Teacher Edu-
cation. TESL — Bilingual Education.

School of Business: (2) ‘- Accounting.
Business Administration.

School of Library and Information Sci-
ence: (I)

School of Social Welfare: (I) I

School of Criminal Justice: (1)

School of Public Affairs: (3) — Polltletrl
Science. Public Administration. Public Affairs.

Doctoral Degree Programs

Dlvlslon of Humanities: (4) ~ English

(Ph.D. and, D.A.). German, Philosophy.
Spanish.
Division of Social A Behavioral Sciences:
(5) — Anthropology. Economics. History.
Psychology. Sociology. (temporarily sus
pended).

Division of Science and Mathematics: (6) —
Atmospheric Science. Biology. Chemistry.
Geology. Mathematics. Physics.

School of Education: (2) ~ Ph.D.. lid.D.

School of Criminal Justice: (I)

School of Public Affairs: (2) — Political
Science. Public Administration.

School of Social Welfare: (l - temporarily
mspended)

University Certificate Programs

School of Education: (7) - Counseling.
Curriculum and Instruction. Educational Ad-
ministration. Iiducutionnl Communications. Ed-
ucutionul Research. Reading. Student Personnel
Services.

School of Education and Social a Behave
ioral Sciences: (I) ~ School Psychology.

uncertainty does not make less important the
need for institutional planning. hourever. as In-
dividual academic units must be given more
adequate lead time for recruitment and Internal
planning in general. Uncertainty as to future
events means only that we must bull a degree
of ﬂexibility into planned allocations and recog-
nice that any three-year plan may be subject
to change in one or more of Its pans. Thus the
intent for future allocations can be clearly es-
tablished. \vltlle recognizing that deviations from

  

unfold and as unanticipated needs emerge in
specific programs. .

There are three major factors to be con-
sidered when establishlnr the institution's priori-
ties for resource allocat on:

o The obligation of the institution to pro
vide all programs the resources needed to
achieve an acceptable level of quality and to
accommodate planned enrollments.

o The obligation of the institution to facili-
tate the attainment of national leadership In
pro rams which are at or near that level of
qu ittv already.

0 he need to further develop instructional
and research activities in’ those units which
can contribute significantly to the analysis of
major public policy Issues.

The first of the three major factors estab-
lishes a floor. a threshold of resources which
must be provided to all academic units being
sustained. The question which must be given a
satisfactory answer can be stated thusly: Whai
is the critical mass of scholars and support re-
sources needed in a given unit to (a) provide
the needed breadth and depth of intellectual
expertise. (b) accommodate planned cnrol|~
menis. and (c) accomplish the ran e of intellec-
tual activities expected of all faeu ty at a major
university center? Some quantitative work-
load indtces can be employed to help answer
this question. but all suc factors must be
weighed in relation to the unique features of a
given discipline or field. Judgment is involved
here. certainly. but these interrelated condi-
tions must be satisfied in nll programs to be of-
fered on the Albany campus.

As it result of shifts in student interests over
the years. changes in program purposes and
scope. and other factors. a number of units
currently fall below the critical mass of re-
sources required. The following depurtmcnts
und schools should be given it net increase in
faculty lines and associated support funds tis
soon as is feasible:

 

The program array represents u rich diver-
sity of disciplines and fields. encompassing the
humanities. fine arts. social sciences. natural
sciences. and professional schools. Accom-
panying the diversity is n high degree of intellec-
tual interdependence. of course. rind a share

commitment to those values and principles of Eli-“"955 S _.
scholarly inquiry which are at the very heart  Hence

of a university and know no discipline bounds.
From a campus-wide perspective. there aremm
four major expectations of all. programs being

sustaineﬂ:

m PM: lbhdiiilerit’df fl’lilvel lil'quallty Milli-ago)  . .
a university center. its measured by rigorous SOC'OIUEY

national J of ' ' L', As "' ‘ ’ The , '  of this list will vury over
in Pa" H 0' ‘hls documc'llv “ll Prollmms mu“ time. of course. llS circumstrriiccs change and
aspire 10 the ﬁllﬂinlllcm 0f excellence in both us units not now listed experience tltc need for
instruction and research if the purposes of u incrcuscd rcsuurccs,

“I‘ll/"5W “'1‘” a": 10 be “mine - The second factor to be considered in de»
, TDeve Pm“. an “mm 0' goals End Ob' lincuting priorities tukcs cogniznnce of (rt) the
lumv'” “Me” ""“l l '9 “MP” “PM'C‘” 0‘ University's commitment to richicve periks of
m" dl‘dl’l‘” 0' “eld‘ but WM "e “'0 “I” excellence among its programs and lb) the ob-
pallblc with the overall goals and objectives of ligation of the institution to facilitate and sus-

Psycholo vy

Public Administration
Rhetoric and Communications
Social Welfare

   
    
 

the plan may be necessary as external events ’ '

 

positions of net

the potential to do
of time: I  a
' Anthropol

«as either. etulaed‘ “
, leadership teams: have
so in a’reaacna, 
3W, To»...

arrest? or...
treat a ,
Geology . ye
German

Mathematics
Philosophy

Phylsies
Pu le Administration
Reading

Resource auunentatlon is not called
forlln‘orrler togiacilltate the Wand/or
ma ntenance very ty in than“:
lined. However. the milvdlrslty must nurture
and facilitate extraordinary accent  ts
in all possible ways. Including the provision of
increased resources when approprlate. The list
is not immutable. of course. and should change
as developmental efforts continue In other
departments.

The third factor reflects the increased em-
phasis to be laced by the Universit on the
{address of u llc policy molten. As indicated
in Part II 0 this report. such address can take a
variety of forms and occur in numerous dis-
ci lines and fields. However. the followin
sc opls and de artmenta have demonstrated
specral knowl ge and skills which can be
brought to bear on the economic. social. and
scientific problems facing the State of New
York:

Atmospheric Science
Business
Computer Science
Criminal Justice
nomic
Educational Policies. Programs
and Institutions
Educational Psychology
Geo aphy
Geo og
Politics Science
Psychology
Public Administration
Social Welfare
Sociology

While contributions to public policy analysis
will be encouraged in many areas. the units
listed above will be given particular encourage-
ment in fulfilling this element of Universrty
mission.

Taking all three factors into account. 23
schools and departments emerge as primary
claimants on resources at this time in order to
(a) provide all units with' an‘ ii propriate criti-
cal muss of resources; (b) faci itute the attain-
ment of national leadership; and (c) strengthen
our work in public policy analysis. Although
these schools and depurtments should be viewed
as the mrijor candidates for growth at this time.
the University must and will fulfill its obligation
to provide the criticril mass of resources needed
in all academic units. As previously stated. the
needs of ricridemic programs can change drama-
ticrilly and in it short period of time. and thus
any statement of priorlties must be periodically
updated.

 

the University. The institution-wide onls illld
objectives presented in Parts III and V of this
docuntcrtt provide both a commonality of pur-
pose and u framework within which each utiit
can discern rind iirticulutc its own unique goals.

 

Shirley Speaks On Mission

 

 

Thus. there will be vurirition among units inso-
lLll’ us both the mnnncr and degree of contri-
bution to any one of the institution-wide gouls
rind objectives. and rightfully so. It is expected.
however. that the uniqueness of each unit crin
lie articulated within the broad framework
cstnblishcd in Prirts III rind IV.

I Achievement of a balanced emphasis on
teaching and research. As discussed in Part II.
rill progrrtms at n university center must seek it
brilrinced emphasis on rescurcb and teaching
which stresses integrrition of these two corn-
poncnts of scholarship. and excellence in each.
As used here. tltc tcrm “rcseurch” refers to u
brood array of scliolurly und iirtistic activities
which differ considerably in form. content.
and process ucross fields of study. Thus. there
is no single model for rcscurcb. nor is there tiny
single indictitor which can be uscd in nssessing
the quality of scholarly contributions in the
vrtrious disciplines rind professional fields. How-
ever. one common characteristic of such ric-
tivitics is comniunicntion of their results to
botli curs rind students. Thus rill lncull mem<
hers rave an obligation to be cngriget in re-
scurch and scholarly rictivity. to communicate
the results. rind thereby tr) contribute to ihe iii-
lcllcetuul development of students rind colr
lengues rind to the ndvrinccmcnt of knowledge.

I Intplerrionlullon of faculty evuluntion. re-
ward. and development plans whlch nre appro-
priate to it university center. The primury re-
sponsibility for friculry evuluntion rests with
schools and departments. Thus crich unit must
specify clearly those elements of scholarship
to receive prlutriry attention in lriculty evulun-
tion; the informution needed to conduct the
evuluntion; the process by which the informu-
tion will be collected: and wnys b which the
Information rilsd criii be utilized fin develop-
ment of faculty.

These ex cintions constitute the primary
fociil points or eoordittntion and oversight of

rogrumrt from n cunipus-wldc perspective. The
arms of sclioliirshl to be taken us evidence of
uchlcvcment will d "or across academic units.
but there should be no vnriulions in the level of
accomplishment expected. Continued develop-
ment as u universit center demands the multi-
tenuncc of high ormance standards for both
students and faculty In all programs offered on
the Albany campus.

A proposed University mission of public
policy analysis recognizes SUNYA's existing
strengths and proximity to State government
but does not entail loss of academic freedom
according to Dr. Robert Shirley. assistant to
the President for the Mission statement.

"Erich administrative department has been
risked to prepare a three-year plan setting
forth their objectives." Shirley said. "They
might decide their research will have nothing
to do with public policy. As long as they have
solid intellectual groundings. fine."

If :1 department needs additional resources
to richicve “ri criticril muss ofquality" in public
policy. Shirley said programs of existing
qurility could be reduced and their resources
transferred, "We must muintuin support of
programs currently nt that level of critical
muss. But Illl things being equal" if resources
could be shifted. “I would say that's how it
would be done."

Shirley sold the proposed mission statement
nddresses many potential faculty concerns as
raised in August by the Long Range Planning
Committee oftlie SUNYA Senate Council on
Educational Policy which have been incor-
porated into the struement. The points raised
by the committee were summarized inri memo
from Jon Jucklet. Cliriirniriri of the Planning
Committee. as follows:

I. The concept of a University and the role of
the University at Albany its a University
Center needed to be clearly stated.

a. The University must have a firm commit-
ment to the discovery of knowledge through
the individual research of its faculty and the
collective research of groups focused on

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

«I .‘i tr..r"r“"r"‘
».  1.....14'.

'. .r . .M. ”
,,' . .’ ll‘l..l".‘. it I

specific areas of discovery. The University
must maintain and encourage excellent
rigorous graduate programs to fulﬁll this vital
discovery function of a University Center.

b. The University must maintain and en-
courage tcaching to fulfill the other vital func-
tion of n University Center. the transmittal of
knowledge.

2. A commitment to the co pt of academic
freedom must be explicit mm Mission state-
ment. i 9 '5"

3. The new public policy analysis gimcnsion of
the University‘s mission necdsTI-o be more
clearly placed in the context of the quality
programs that exist and must be maintained at
the University.

4. The new commitment to public policy
:innlysrs needs to be clearlyoutlined tothe Un-
ivcrsity community. The rationale for this
program. its implementation. the existing
departments that will participate in the new
thrust. the exact nature of the new enterprise
rind the resources it will require need to be ex-
plicitely strited.

Shirley said individual and specific reac-
tions to the call for public policy analysis will
be addressed by individual departments.

“Requested written responses to the state-
ment arc the heart of it and any academic plan.
It stimulates improvements." Shirley said. But
he added few responses. due by October l5.
have been received. “And nothing substantive
has come from the Committee of Concerned
Faculty. I hope they come forward with some
suggested improvements."

A revised mission statement considering
responses to the September document is ex-
pected by the end of November. Shirleysaid.

PAGE THREE

run}. . .u' JAN?

   
 
  
     

   
  

 

 

 

  

