  
   

    
   
   
   
   
  
 
 

  
   

  

 

 

‘ 5’"

; willatipport'lis‘domestieandforcign

 

 

.VIASIIINGT
eléctJinimyCart ya
include Republics
ministration and hopes many
members of the “loyal opposition"

 

policies. “The Republican Party
continues toreflect tlte political
views of millions of Americans.”
Carter said in an interview published
Sunday in U.S. News a World
Report. ‘ l

“I expect to include Republican in
my administration . . . I will seek

’ the advice of Republican leaders in

Congress. in the business world. and
elsewhere. and. I hope that a great
many Republicans will support my
goals and programs.“

Beer

 

gla. Bevl e Divertitl
(Eat. Dllnlttlnd BeMerry)

Salad. Soup 6 Bread
all you can eat!

Wine or Sangria
you can drink!

your choice of
Spaghetti ngatonl Wheels
Shells Linguni

main course

Only  complete
Pizza

as main course

\ Only  complete J

_ "rout unto. the newly
elected Democrat said. he hopes to

' “re-establish a basic bipartisanship."

  

and“wllltrynevertolosesightofthe
fact that partisan divisions are
always secondary to one common
devotion to this country and the
well-being of its people.“

Caner said he feels the voters'
choice of a new President from out-
side Washington indicates that the
people want new policies and new
directions from government. “I don't
think our people want sweeping
change. They do want prudent,
responsible. imaginative and ef-
ﬁcient program that are understood
by the public and that can effectively

address the serious social and

 

 

Full sandwich and ala carte
pizza menu also available

PAGE TWO

‘A

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

h Republicans-

-economie pronun- we face.” the a

Democratic'President-elect said.

He said the biggest domestic

problem facing the country is the
economy and he intends to make “a
balanced attack on inflation and an-
employment." which he called “the
twin evils." But any action must
await a determination of what has
happened to some SIOtoSlS billion
dollars budgeted. appropriated but
not spent by the Ford administtra-
tion. and also an analysis of the
economic situation at the present
time. he said. Carter siad he believes
“the only true long-term solution"to
U.S. economic problems is through
jobs in the private sector.

"If the decline continues, con-
sideration of a tax reduction for low
and middle income citizens may be
in order . . . we mustﬁnd ways to
increase employment without in-
creasing inllation. through t he use of
private incentives to the private sec-
tor to hire and train thc unemployed
and through employment programs
carefully targeted to areas of greatest
need.“ Carter said.

Concerning another of his cam-
paign promises — to reorganize and
streamline the federal bureaucracy
— Carter said he didn‘t un-
derestimate the difficulties thereof.
and envisions the process as one that
would continue throughout his time
in the White House. It may take a
year to develop the best program for
reorganization and if so. he said.
"that time is well spent."

Russians Hold
Small Party

MOSCOW (Al’) The Soviet govern-
ment marked the 59th anniversary of
the Bolshevik Revolution with ottc
of its smaller military parades that
included no new weapons.

It also received a message of con—
gratulations from China that seemed
a little warmer than usual.

It took only six minutes Sunday
for thc Armored personnel carriers.
artillery pieces and missiles to roll
through Red Square. Forthc second
year in succession. no giant intercon-
tinental ballistic missiles were
shown. and no tanks or other track—
ed Vehicles appeared. The hardware
on parade was mostly defensive. in-
cluding five types ofantiaircraft mis-
siles. a l00mm antitank gun and the
Sagger antitank missile on an
amphibious carriage. The several
thousand soldiers. sailors. scabornc
commandos and cadets who march-
ed past the retn'cwing stand dropped
the traditional goosestep for a less
militant step.

"The soviet army and navy are
reliably guarding the cause of
revolution. socialism and peace."
Defense Minister Dmitri F. Ustinov
told the marchers. Hc accused
“ttggrcssivc imperialistic circles"
abroad of “trying to contain the
onward development of the world
revolutionary process." Communist
party chief Leonid |. Brezhnev hcud-
cd tltc party and government of-
ficials in the reviewing box atop
Lenin's tomb. After the military
parade. brigades of sportsmen and
more than [00.000 Workers from
farms. factories and government of-
fices marched for two hours across
the square.

A somewhat friendlier tone was
added to the message from Peking
by the inclusion of this phrase: “The
Chinese people have always cherish-
ed their revolutionary friendship
with the Soviet people." Except for
this and the deletion of it proposal
for negotiating the border dispute
between the two nations. the
message was almost cxttctlytbc same
as last year‘s.

   

  
  

 
 
 

 
 
 

  
 
 

   
 

 
  

Dlsaldents Are Attacked In Angola
osHAItATI, South-West Africa (AP) Angola's Marxist government has
launched an all-our attack on pro-Western remnants still ﬁghting it in
southern Angola. refugees who ﬂed to South-West Africa reported
yesterday. The refugees reported heavy ﬁghting. and firing north or the
border was heard yesterday. Commissioner-General Jannie dc Wet said
thousands of Angolan refugees crossed intothe Ovambo and Kavango tribal
reserves just south of the border during the weekend. Aided by 12.000 Cut...“
troops. the Marxist Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angma
MPLA, completed taking our Angola's major cities and towns last March.
but guerillas of the Angolan National Union UNITA. have continued to
harass the new overnment‘s forces in southern Angola.

UNESCO ote Favors Israel

NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) The U.N. Educational. Scientific and ('ttlturul
Organization UNESCO voted yesterday to letcach regional group Mm H.
own members. moving a step closer to reversing the exclusion of Israel lift")
the European group two years ago. The UNESCO general conference \otcd
70-0with |4abstcntions onthecompromisc proposal. Western delegates \illll
they were cautiously optimistic that the European group. ont: ol the lit
UNESCO. would restore Israel to full membership. At its last gent-ml
conference in I974. the Third World-Communist majorin in ll.\I:S('()
derticd aid to Israel and suspended its membership in the Eur0[.:IIn group.
purportedly because the Israelis were tampering with archaclogu-ttl
monuments in Jerusalem. The vote raised a storm of protest in the West and
led the United States to suspend its contributions to UNESCO. 'l‘oduv‘s \ttlt‘
had the effect of pre-empting another confrontational vote ovcr lsrttcl lll IllL'
f all conference.

Arab League ls Flrm Agalnat U.S. Laws

BEIRUT. Lebanon (Al’) The commissioner general ofthe Arab htitcoll \.l\\
the Arab League will bttnany American companythat rcfuscs tocotnph u till
the boycott of Israel because of U.S. laws. according to lltc Middlc l;t~l
Economic Survey periodical. The magazine quoted Mohammad Multgunh
as saying the boycott will not ttndcr any circumstances nllou Iott-tgn
legislation to hamper its activities. “The Arabs are maintaining .I lutlgll
uncompromising stance in the face of legislativc measures in thc l H.
designed to counter the boycott of Israel." the magazine quoted Mllllgttlllhts
saying. "The Arab states. individually and collectively. will rcltlsc to do
business with any U.S. compttnythat declines tocomply with thc lull t.tt.ut o1
Arab boycott regulations on the groundsthttt such compliancc ttould tmlutc
state or federal Icgislation in tire U.S.“ Mahgoub discussctl lltc Ilt'lltlitl
meeting of Arab League boycott representatives in Baghdad. Iraq. .tccot drug
to magazine. He said deliberations covered the new U.S. qu Sljlllc'tl l\\
President Ford last month imposing tax penalties on l‘.S. L'\|)ttll
administration not containing a prohibition on compliance by IRS. lntnt
With the Arab boycott; and legislation enacted by California itt Scptctnbt-t
prohibiting California companies from complying with htiycutls ugunm
Israel or an other country.

Syrian orces Advance Peace in Lebanon

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AI’) Syrian troops. acting in their new l'tIlL‘ .t~ lltc

vanguard of an Arab pcacekccping force. moved through I’ttlustmittn-hchl
territory toward Betrut yesterday to snuff out continuing dtlcls hCl\\Ct'll
Chrtsttan and Moslcm artillery. The Syrians moved out of thctr llIlllth

positions Sunday night as President Elias Sarkis pleaded with lhc l.Ul’lilllL'\L'
people to accept the temporary occupation in order to end lltcir blood) It)
month-old war. in the wake of the Christian president‘s broadcast plm.
ftghttng decreased along the front line between the Christian and Mmlt'm
sections of Beirut. Hospitals and militia sources rcportcd about it) ktllctl .lllll
20 wounded during lhc night. With an estimated death toll ol lltttfc lltttn
37.000 and billions ol'dollars indamagc to property and the economy. Stu in
satd there had been "enough bloodshed. enough destruction.“

Israel la Secretlve of Nuclear Unltn

TEL AYIV. llrlel (AP) The Israeli government has put its sccrcl nuclcur
tnstallattons in the Negev Desert off limits to a party of U.S. scnztll'”
checking safeguards against the manufacture of atomic weapons. :1 leading
newspaper rcports.’l‘hc newspaper Maariv reported the government turned
down numerous requests from the II! senators to visit the facilities built wth
French help in the l950s near the town of Dimona. in southern Israel. “We
want to learn about the atomic development programs in this region and to
study how supervision and control both here and in Egypt cuncnsurc that
atomic energy will be for peaceful uses only." Sen. Abraham Rthtcotl. l)-
COML. told reporters at Ben-(lurion Airport. The senators urrivud Suttdttl
for a four-day visit in preparation for Senate action on ttgrcctttcnts currylntl
out former l’rcstdcnt Nixon's offers of nuclear power reactors to Isracl mid
Egypt. Before the reactors can be supplied, the Senate must approve lllL'
surelluardu against diversion of the nuclear material to the production ol
weapons.

UAW Begins Negotiations Wlth GM

DETROIT (Al’) The United Auto Workers. after coming to it tumultu-
agreement for white-collar cmployccs ttt Chrysler Corp. is read) In W‘ -'
strike deadline on contract talks at General Motors. The UAW lL'lll.Ill\L'l\
agreed Sundtty to tt new. three year contract for 9,()()()Chryslcr wot ltc'ls I-t-tt
details were available on that contract or on Friday's settlement tot Itl‘lllll‘l
Chrysler production workers. UAW President Leonard Woodcock and V ICC
President Irving lllucstonc scheduled a news conference ycstct'dtl)’ 1” “M
headquarters. The sutogiant expects the uniontosct ti deadline for sontctnnu
before thanksgiving. The union wants a pact for 390.000 (PM WWW"
similar to that negotiated with Ford Motor Co. -~-ttftcra four-chk strikt‘
“"9 w'mchryslcr- Negotiators said Sunday's tcntttttvc Chrysler Pi'c‘ ““Wwd
office and clerical workers and engineering employees in the Unilcd Status
and Canada.

__——

NOVEMBER 9. 1976

 

  

by summit nun ’ " ,‘ ' ’

The question of whether ornot to ,
validate absentee ballots receiVed
after last Tuesday’s election will be
decided sometime this week in
Albany State Supreme Court. accor- "
ding to NVPIRG lawyer Dennis
Kaufman.

The NYPIRG suit, which was
ﬁled last Wednesday. is in response
to the failure by the State Board of
Elections to send students their
absentee ballots on time. The group
claims that the number of students
involved statewide could exceed 20.-

“All the papers have now been
served. Judge Casey signed an order
to show cause. making a return date
of Nov. IS. but that may bemoved
up." said Kaufman. “I know the
State Board of Elections wants to get

 ' '- I

‘itoverwithusoon.aepossiliic.:They‘ voter reistration‘ drive mouth '

might want the case Iieard this week

’ and we won't be, opposed to that at

all. As a matter of fact. we would like
that.” '

The basis of the ‘ suit centers
around a New York District Court
ruling that allowed all overseas
absentee ballots which arrived late to
be counted as long as they were post-
marked by Nov. 2.

The suit names SUNYA students
Donald Rubien and John Goatz as
co-plaintiffs. while also containing
afﬁdavits from twenty students who
failed to receive their ballots in time
for the election. A list of 500 ad-
ditional names have been added of
students with similar complaints.

NYPIRG's involvement with
absentee ballots began earlier this
year when the group worked on a

blue

Appllcatlcns for SUNYA‘a vlce prealdenl of aeademlc alfalrs wIII soon
be narrowed down. said Robert McFarland ol Graduate AllaIra.

rt...” n... ..-..»~._., 1; . .

state. ‘

“We've spent about 35.000 in staff,
time. phone bills. etc.. working
statewide with a number of othc
groups, ultimately redstering cloaa-
to I00.000 students." said tb
chairperson of NYPIRO'I Board 1
Directors Chris Aidun. “Of course,
we ultimately felt responsible for tile
fate of their registration"

In the SUNYA voter registration
drive. NYPIRG worked closely with
SASU in order to reach a maximum
number of students.

According to a SASU press
release last week. both groups were
named as co—plaintiffs.

However. Aidun said. “SASU at
this time is not a part of the suit.
When we told them about the suit.
they said they would help as get
some affidavits. At that time they
said nothing about becoming plain-
tiffs of the suit. The only thing they
did for the lawsuit was tocall AP and
UPI and tell them they were ﬁling
the lawsuit with us.

“From what I understand. NYP-
IRG didn‘t want us to appear on the
law suit." said SASU Executive Vice

President Diane Piche. "I wasn‘t
really involved. but it came as quite a
shock to me. I don't really know how

Academic

by Teresa Sutton

A search for a new vice president
of academic affairs at SUNYA is be-
ing conducted by a committee ap~
pointed by President Emmet B.
Fields. Former Vice President Dr.
Phillip Sirotkin announced his
resignation last January and left the
ofﬁce in late May.

Fields appointed the Search Com-
mittee to offer him recommen-
dations in March.

Decision By January
The committee hopes to come toa
final decision by Jan. 1. I977 accor-
.ding to committee member Robert
McFarland. from the Ofﬁce of
Graduate Affairs.
Although the committee will

Overburdened Computer Causes TAP Award Delay

continued from page one

go into the processing computer
because of problems of improperly
completed forms.

According to Dickinson. only 25
per cent ofthe applications areclean.
Close to 75 per cent are kicked out of
the system to receive manual
assistance.

She continued. “We thought there—
was a limit to how many pieces of
paper anybody could handle human-
ly and come out consistently on the
studcnt‘s side in choosing the best
[payment] schedule. When you get
the program. you can. when you get
all of your variables correct. un-
crrittgly choose the best schedule."

“ltt mid-June. we were advised
that if the now edit system ran ittto
trouble there was no way we could
go back and use the State Education

Department's computer. which was
our fail-stilt: system.“ rcltttcd HESC
Student Financial Nccd Analyst
John Kenny. “From that moment
on. we were committed to moving
forward with the new edit program
tbttt we were Working on. with no
way to handle applications in any
other fashion. It took us until mid-
August. about eight weeks behind
normal processing time. before we
could really start processing with
any impunity.“

An additional reason for the com-

Eovauaan a. sore

puter foul-up is the emancipated stu-
dent. An emancipated student is one
who claims financial independence.
thereby becoming. in many cases.
eligible for TAP's maximum grant of
$l500.

“We have about 46.000
applications that are in the eman-
cipatcd student category." said Ken-
ny. “They have all gone through the
edit process so we now know who
they are. 'I‘Al’ petitions necessary for
these people have gone to all but 14.-
000 of those 46.000."

According to tire Empire Stttte
Report. about 25 per cent of all
applications this year have been
received from cmanciptttcd students.
When the student receives the HESC
green petition for emancipation. the
petition must then be completed and
rc-submittcd to the corporation
before an award can be issued.

“We started sending out lists [of
students whose applications had
been received] on July 30 when we
knew that we would not get the
program out intimctomcct registra-
tion dates." said Dickinson.

“Out of 1.000 names of students
applying for emancipation status on
the SUNYA rosters. there are none
that have an A-code next to their
name." stated SUNYA Director of
Financial Aids Donald Wltitlock.
“An A-codc means that an award

has been granted. According to the
HESC rosters. not one SUNYA stu-
dent who applied for emancipation
has had final action taken.“

"As far as the emancipated stu-
dent is concerned. we have sent to
colleges. for the first time. some of
the green forms [emancipation
petitions] for distribution to people
who have not already filed or who
ltavc not already received a green
petition." said Kenny. “We have ap'
proved approximately 8.000 awards.
All those that remain are ones that
are in review status. We‘ll be getting
.to them as far as we can."

It is unclear as to who actually
authorized the cotnputcr conversion
to the 005 system. According to
Dickinsott. the “agreement was
made by my predecessor under sonte
pressure from the budget . . ."

Former HSEC president Miran-
don, currently the president of Un-
ited Student Aids. denies authoriz-
ingthe changeover. “The conversion
began six months after I left.“ he
said.

The TAP program‘s allotted
budget of $172 million may be ex-
ceeded by as much as $10 million
statewide with another $19 million in
over-expenditures projected for
CUNY. accordingto sources close to
the scene. If the appropriations are
exceeded by the awards amount. “It

  
 
 
   
 
      
      
      
 
   
    

NYPIRG. representative Chrla Aldon sold a cult to vaIIdata absentee
ballots was a follow through of thelr registration efforts this fall.

or why it came about because I felt
we were working very Well with
NYPIRG."

According to Piche. SASU is
planning to file a separate suit in
Buffalo. using SUNY Buffalo
students as plaintiffs.

“We'll be using Buffalo's legal ser-
vices clinic,“ explained Fiche. “It's
pan of Buffalo‘s SA. They‘re
basically in the same position as
NYPIRG. They have a big budget
and can afford to have lawyers on
retainer.”

VP Search Continues

make a recommendation. Fields is
responsible for the ultimate decision.

“Since the committee was formed.
it has examined approximately 100
applicants and is continuing its
work. Shortly we expect to invite a
small number of the applicants to
visit the campus." said McFarland.

The duties of the second highest
ranking university administrative of-
ficc were performed by Fields during
the summer and since September
have been executed by Acting Vice-
Presidcnt David Martin.

Fields briefly outlined his view of
the requirements ofthe position ina
memo sent to Search Committee
members in March.

It included that the person

recommended be an academician of
stature and wide experience; sen-
sitive to and appreciative of
scholarship; and have a solid per-
sonal record in research.

Fields pointed out in the same
memo that the person need not be
employed outside the university to
be eligible for consideration.

Position Advertised

The lJ-mcmbcr Search Com-
mittcc is advertising the position in
the Chronicle of Higher Education.
a weekly national education
newspaper.

Committee members have also
contacted administrators in other in-
stitutions throughout the country to
pass the word of the openingalong.

 

 

 

 

11-3 13-! 14'! 15-0 1."! 72-3 13-0

10-5 75-0 "-1 Amvall l

 

 

 

   
 
 
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.142

 

 

3‘12

Number of
Students Receiving
TAP Awlds

 

 

I“, mi
i

For TAP Awards
(In Illllons)

 

( ' Eacludas Impact

‘ Espandltlea

l

l

l ‘ Ol‘l'tdllon AICUNV) I

 

 

 

I
This chart shows TAP awud llgurea since the program's Inceptlcn.

On the left la the number of students getting'I’AP aId. on the rlght the
amount of money the state h'u spent on TAP awards.

would probably get into an adjust-
ment of the expenditure ceiling."
Dickinson said. “This full amount is
not authorized for spending this
ﬁscal year."

Union College President Thomas
Bonner. who serves on the HESC
Board of Directors. said. “There has

ALBANY STUDENT Pastas

been no talk at all of any eligible stu-
dent not receiving an award. There
has been a concern about the
slowness of processing because of
the computer changeover. and that
we are aware of and we've been
assured that it is being taken care of.

continued on page .rlx,

Paola rentals

   

 

 

 

 

