' '-: matriarny by pointer Pew

maw......u   .. .5299

n ﬁrst?»

,lm s.

 ,. _ any mamsmmm

Wamxmwgm  . 5

my:

erﬁmwr.-'.o \ v. ‘A A’ ,

Park—Na

‘V‘e’- -

 

or

 

 

   
  
    
  
  
 
 
  

 v ' Inprevio'iss election probably
.r w ’t'vote this year, according toa

 

i? it And about so million or other

j  may stay home, it
reported. 2 -. .

~ nines-ms conduaed' for the

.  for” the Study of the

' AmericaoElectorate.snonpartisan.

--resesrchgroup. ' ,1 '

I “For the first time in 50years it is
possible“ a, majority of ‘ eligible
Americans may not go to the polls."
said Hart in an interview. ;

“The reason they are not going to
vote is that they don't believe in the
leaders but they do believe in the
system. They are out there groping
for someone to believe in."

He said the voting percentage

,so “976. withtbedeadlineap-
 V :7- 1 ' preaching He‘also referred to a
than l6 million citiaenawho‘ j

57 'iit.‘  "
’sassll‘smsnetialol-in  . t vie

redstratioii figures, which

 

 95.565300 people registered

i972 but only 90,305,000

  
  
 

 

dediniog. pcreeuage of voter tur-
notlo' in record election from 6|.6
per cent in I952 to 55.4 per cent in
I972. . ‘ . 1
He and his associates also inter-
'viewed a cross—sample of people who
would be eligible to vote. Out of

 

'these he picked 1.406 peoplewhom

he identifiedl'u lion-voters. These
are citizens who are not registered to
vote and do not planto register, who
think their chances of voting in
November are 50-50 or less or who
voted in two or fewer past federal
elections.

Out of these. I77 who voted in
I972 said they deﬁnitely will not vote
this year. An additional 94 who had
voted in I968 only said they would
not vote. Only 193 who did not vote
in I972 said they might vote this

"- .
who would be eligible

’ thesehepielted l.486people heldcn- =
tified as non-voters- These are
~dtil¢ll who'are not reistered to
vote anddo not pla'ntoredstermho ‘ I   g
tldnk their chances of voting in 
November are 50-50 or less or who
voted in two or fewer past federal

elections. ‘. . *
Votes rm May Drop

Hart said'the surveyrresults ill-V

dicate more than 70 million potential
voters. mot-Wont It? millions“-
'°“'°IV9!..IPMF'W.“91 sow!“
polls. That -. could mean i that
presidential election turnout could
drop just below 50 per cent for the
ﬁrst time since 1924. when only 43.9
per cent of the voting-age population
cast their ballots. he said.

About 87 per cent of the non-
voters said they agreed that the
country‘s most pressing need is “a
few courageous, tireless. devoted
leaders in whom the people can put
their faith."

 

   
 

i 0"
' “ﬁsh N5
a 

NEW YORK STYLE
F SOFT PRETZEB
15'

 

 

dihursbsp
E pats—12:31] can.

latcersttg Altruism Beretta Dponsnreli leekettb

PAIGE TWO_

ALL YOUR FAVORITE WINES
DISPL VSED FROM OUR
DECORATIVE WINE BARRELS

A REAL WELCOME BACK
SPECIAL WITH A 25‘

 

as.

ORIGINAL COUNTRY-ROCK-BLUES

PLUS A COMPLETE NEW
LINE OF YOUR FAVORITE

IMPORTED BOTTLED BEERS

All (This Ieekenh
at the full

lot a uerg tourist "Ieltoute Bark"

September 9th. 111th & 11th

ltlhap 8c Baturbau
E [MIL—1:311 amt.

FOR ANOTHER

Ismail IDA.

  

en‘“

 TREE rox .

A COMPLETE LINE
OF YOUR FAVORITE
LARGER MIXED DRINKS

THE PREMIUM BEER
ON TAP

LARRY QUINN — LEAD VOCAL
8t GUITAR

BOB IAROSZ — LEAD GUITAR
8t HARMONICA
RICH ERTELT -- LEAD GUITAR
BURT HEALEY -— BASS
NORM GRAY — DRUMS

BUBBLING HOMEMADE
PIZZA PIE
25‘

Us .

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

    
   
  

   
  
 

 

   
 

m ' retar ofStste Henry'A. Kissingersaid Monday his talks
tLvith sanitizfrlfse: Priniii Minister John Vorster were very "fruitful". with
progress made toward negotiations with black Africa. At a news conference
In Zurich, Switzerland. marking the end of the three-day talks on the racial
A conflicts ini’Afric’s'. the secretary said. “I believe prowess was made toward
moving a negotiating process forward with the leaders of
lie to said. “We are moving toward a position where we will
able to at to the leaders of black Africa the ways by which these
objectives" can be achieved. I -
Soviet Supersonic Surprlsos Japan I
HAKODATE,JgpIII(AP) A-Sovlet M1025 supersonic ﬁghter screamed to a
surprise landing at a small airport in northern Japan today'and its young
pilot asked for political asylum in-the United States. police said. Authorities
- refused to identify the air force lieutenant because of the "dellcatc
international situation involved." They said he told investigators he came
from a Siberian base and “I wanted to defect to the United States but landed
at Hakodate because my plane's fuel load was to small to get there."

Alrlcsn Leaders to Combat White Ftqu

DAR ES SALAAM. Tanzania (AP) Presidents of five black African nations
are meeting in Dar es Salaam to plan their next movos in the figt against whitc
southern Africa and to decide whether Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger
can help them. One ofthe ﬁve African leaders. Kenneth Kaunda of Zambia.
said if the Zurich meeting did not result in agreements that would slaist
black aspirations. “then we will continue until victory is attained on tltc
battlefield."

U.N. and N. Korea Agree to Separation
WASHINGTON (AP) The United Nations Command and Nortll Kol‘cil
have agreed to keep their guards separated in the Panmunjom trucc villa gc to
avoid further clashes, the State Department announced today. The BC“
security arrangements were reached in Panmunjom three weeks after 21 clash
in which North Korean guards killed two American army ofﬁcers. 'l'llc Stan»
Department said the agreement represented “realistic and constructive steps
which when implemented will better assure the security of personnel ol holll
sides in the joint security area."

Congress Cites LEAA as Beyond Repair
WASHINGTON (AP) An independent research group on Monday urgctl
Congress to abolish thc multibillion dollar Law Enforcement ASSlSlilllL’L'
Administration becausc“it is beyond repair."The report issued by the Center
for National Security Studies said the federal crime-lighting agency has lllll
reduced crime. nor has it found out much about what will. “It is with grunt
reluctance that we recommend the termination ofthe LEAA program as ll l\
presently constituted." the report siad. “It is too late to tinker with lllL‘
program; it is beyond repair. Congress should admit its failure and (.‘Ulllllllll
once again the basic question of what the federal government can do It!
alleviate the burden of crime on the American people."

  

 

 
  
 
 
   

 
 

   

  

Vlklng May PrOvo Life on Mars
PASADENA, Calif. (AP) Viking I has indicated there is life on Mars. and
Viking 2 can prove it by finding any organiccompounds in the soil ol lllc Rcd
Planet, Viking‘s chief scientist said Monday. The discovery of even the
simplest organic compoundmincxtricably associated with life as wc knoll
it—“would do it for us." said Dr. Gerald Soffcn. Viking 2. sittingon Mllrs'
Utopia plain 4,600 miles from Viking I. will reach out and scoop up Stilllt.’ \llll
Saturday and the results of the organics experiment should be knoll n h)
Sept. 20.
Dole Refutes Deals with Gulf Oll
DARLINGTON. S.C- (AP) Republican vice presidential candldmc Hub
Dole denied today that he took any illegal campaign contributions from (iilll
Oil, thcn crossed paths for the first time with Jimmy Carter. shook hll lids and
wished him luck. "There's nothing to it.“ Dole said of allegations tlhotlt lllL‘
contributions. His vice presidential opponent. Walter Mondtllc. said he had
not seen reports of the allegations but added: “Mr. Dole deserves the bL‘llL‘lll
of the doubt." Dole encountered Carter as both arrived at the l)llrllllll1””
race track on the opening day ofthc fall campaign. Carter came from Vt llrni
Springs, 03.. where he spoke at Franklin D. Roosevelt's vllctltloll lt'll’t‘ill.
Dole arrived about a half hour earlier from Washington.

Bomb Blast Follows Antlbuslng Protest
LOUISVILLE. KY- (AP) A bomb exploded before dawn lodit)‘ in Ills
Bi’mM-‘iium lobby at Louisville Male High School and caused nllnor
property damage. police said. No one was hurt in the blast only llnllls .ltlul an
antibusing demonstration. Mule High is a few blocks south of Hit: dll\\lll|l“ n
area and several miles north of the scene ofa third alltibusing dclllollsll illlUll
Sunday night. In that demonstration. police arrested Ill persons and um!
tear gas when some of the original crowd of about 800 proicsicls igtiiln‘d
warnings to disperse and began throwing bottles and light bulbs.

Ali's Wife Pleads Mental Cruelty

CHICAGO (AP) Khuliluh Ali. wife of heavyweight boxing clltlilipm"
Mum")de A“. has ﬁled for a divorce on grounds of mental cruelty and
dﬂfﬂliﬂn. her attorney said Monday. An assistant to Mrs. A Ii. wllo dccllllcd
3° Identify himﬂelf. said the divorce suit was filed ’l‘hursdlly ill (‘il‘cllii Um“
I" 'Chlcnﬂm He said All was served with legal papers Friday ill Show LOW-
An?" “me” the heavyweilh‘ Champion was training for il Supt. 2“ W”
383th challenger Keri Norton in Yankee Stadium. The Alis were married in
I967 and have four children. Recently they have been separated.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1976

     

 

     

 
  
   
    
    
   
     
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
    
  

 

 

 

 

   
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 

  
 

Tultlon rates at SUNV schools may go up It the Board Rogenta'

 

4......

 

recommendations are approved.

Study-In May Be Famed
To Protest Library Cuts

by Mark Greensteln

A massive protest may develop in
response to shortened library hours
and a continued disregard for stu-
dcrlt nccds through Silllc budget cut-
backs.

Student Association President
Steve DiMco is preparing to
organize il library “study-in" to
demonstrate student discontent
“within it week if things don’t ini-
prove.“

Allllollgll tt rcqucst to unfrcczc
sonic library positions was sub-
mittctl to the Department of Budget.
DiMco fuels the situation is being
sliglltcd.

"I think tllc Department of Budget
is playing games with us." he said.
“'l'hcy don‘t realize thc necessity of
such a service." With library hours
now reduced by 20 per cent, DiMco
is convinced many students will not
hc able to utilize this vital university
scrvicc.

Ill rcglll'd to the student protest.
Library Director James Schmidt
said. “I lllilik it would be premature
to doit now . . . it would be ll mis-
take." Although Sclllllidt is IlWill'c of

the effectiveness of a student
demonstration at this time he
believes students should wait until
hearing from the Division of Budget
before taking any action.

After meeting with Eric Engler
from the Division of Budget. DiMco
left feeling dissatisfied. “I didn't
think he showed much concern."
Di Mco said.

DiMco sccs a “study in" as a real
possibility. “I know we can get a
massive turnout." he added.

Schmidt said. "We ought to keep
the heat on them (division of
Budget)“ In regards to Engler.
Schmidt seemed optimistic and
replied. “I would prefer togivc him a
chance . . . he could come offlikc
a man on a white horse."

Schmidt suggested the possibility
of establishing some library hours
with tile help of “trained” student
assistants. “We can‘t put anyone to
work, we need mature and responsi-
blc folk.“

Altllough the library was
scllchch to remain open later this
week. Schmidt said there is it
possibility of restoring some hours

. sir-at amoral, A

A decreasing amount of state any

I portmay signiﬁcantly boost tuition

rates at SUNY schools. if the
recommendations of the Board of
Regents are approved later this
month.

The Regents have released a
‘report calling for greater propor-

V tional aid to private institutions in

New York. and a closing of the tui-

tion gapibetween them and the
"state's ’p'tiblic schoblsaHearinp Were

new lssiwee'tjsll tile-adamantl-
tative Statewide Plan for the
Development of Postsecondary
Education. A vote on the plan is
slated for September 24.

SASU Delegate Kathy Baron of
SUNYA said the Regents study gave
SUNY students "a slap in the face."
She said the report goes agath the
concept of cheaper publiceducation.
claiming. “They‘re saying it's a lux-
ury to attend college."
if the Board baits way. there may

   

  

’ no, longer be a great distinction

 the amount of support
received by different schools in the
state. The Board's report ' noted.
“The independent institutions are
quite public in nature. There are no
‘public’ or ‘private' students.”

The report .calls for 25 per cent
state funding for private schools
witliinlNew York‘Sta’te. and 67 per
cent support for SUNY institutions.

The Regents further recommend-
ed periodical evaluations and ad-
justments for the ‘SUNY tuition
policy.

The Regents report maintains
state support “will increase, not
decrease. primarily to meet cost in-
creases in the public and indepen-
dent sectors.“ lt alsoclaims available
funds for higher education will in-
crease by an average of 7.4 and 8.8
per cent annually.

The basic principles outlined by
the report stress that "the costs of

,s

supplying educational services to

 
 
 
   

 
 
        
    
      

3 studentuonot  

and independetl lidtittdioti.‘  _
' 4 In ‘ the 'developmem it its ,

recommendations. the! Rapids
determined 'the major distinction ’
between SUNY and private schools
is simply the shared their Vbud'ta '
covered by state appropriation. '

Initial reaction .to the Resnts
study has been neptive fromrSUNY
student governments. Baron noted
that public institutions had already
been hit hard bythe state. She cited
cutbacks st SUNYA as an example.
Baron added, “Until we can prove
that state education is. necessary,
we're going to keep getting reac~
tionary attitudes from the Board of
Regents.”

If Regents recommendations are
implemented. New York State will
have to come up with “.36 billion
for higher education in fiscal I977.
According to the Board. that figure
is on par with expenditures of recent
years. ~

  

Students may stage a “study In" at the library to protest shortened hours.

next week. The request to unfrcczc
the library positions has not been
decided yet by the State Division of
Budget.
Budget Dept. Hits Honor

In order to unfrcczc positions the
request must be submittcd from
SUNYA to the SUNY Central
Council. Afterwards the department

Power Reduced To Save Money

 

Cold Power Replaces Hot Water

by Mark (irecnsteln

Energy.

There will be less of it on campus
this year according to SUNYA
power authorities,

University Auxiliary Services
(UAS) and the Plant Department
have shut off the hot water of 185 un-
iversity washing machines.

Utility Chief Wayne Allen said.
“By reducing energy and using cold
water. the bills can be kept down.
Heating watertakescnergy. Without
heating. you save energy and
money."

Because the American Society for
Healing and Ventilation Engineers
has lowered the figures for the
amount of air to be circulated.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1976

SUNYA power authorities have
followed suit. Power authorities said
that the intake of fresh air or
recycled air necessary to the air flow
system in all campus buildings will
also be reduced.

Temperature Now 68"

Classrooms previously heated to
72 degrees will be lowered to 68
degrees. Lights will also be dimmer
this year.

Allencltplaincd that with a reduc-
tion in freshair intake. the air needed
to be heated from outside to inside
will be lessened. In the winter. these
costs are high. according to Allen.
because of the need to heat air to
room temperature.

ALBANY-STUDENT passs

Dr. Dennis Stevens. associate for
the University Financial Analysis
said "power is a cost problem rather
than lln energy availability. It's
costing us more money than we
have."

Allen said. “We need more univer-
sity community involvement for
energy conservation. To date it has
been principally the plant
department's work with -Iittlc in--
volvement from the rest of the com-
munity."

Savings to Education

Allen added. "What we save on
energy can be put elsewhere. I‘m
assuming the savings are going back
to education."

of budget has the honor of ap-
proving or disapproving all requests.

Schmidt‘s problems are being
compounded by more losses in per-
sonnel. He said a couple of library
staffers arc resigning and the
positions they vacate will be frozen.
Schmidt said these workers are being
recruited to other civil service jobs

within the university while leaving
the library even more Shorthanded.

However Schmidt says. “We are
going to try to train student
assistants this week."

Sleep May Be Necessary

DiMco asserted. “We‘ll sleep there
if we have to and even invite Presi-
dent Fields."

 

l @ccmiin again/gt

 

 

GEE—IT’S SO COLD
IN HERE THAT NW
SLEEPS THRU CLASS
WHORE-

 

— EXCEPT R31

A SMALL GROUP
or DEDICATED
STUDENTS!

PAGE mass:

('-

 

t

i
t“
).

 

