 
   

 
 
  

  
  
  

  

   
   
    

 

     
    
  

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

' M\_.\,. Nam '   '

> mandatory". voluntary student tac
referendum is an issue that merits a close ex-
‘ anination. it is my strong suspicion that s

 

"'  dealofthestudemsheredonotget'md

mean 166 in services front'the" priveledge of
belonging to the Student Association.
Although almost everyone who participated
‘in SA. and the groups it funds will try to con-
.viee you that its a wonderful oprganization
that offers a lot of great beneﬁts to its
members. a pest deal of members are replying
N0! Did you know that one out of ﬁve people
forced to pay activities fee (a conservative es-
timate) are so uninterested that they don't
even pick up theirtax card? Clearlysomething
has gone wrong.

i am quite sure that, given the right to
choose, a lot of student would not pay ac-
tivities fee. This assumption has been used
often by those in favor of the existing “you-
have-no-choice" system. Well, given the
current state of affairs. why should they con-
tribute? Most of us are familiar with the
questionable funding of student groups in the
SA. lt scents hardly anyone is really happy
with the wayCentral Council budgets the loot.
Those of you who have ever witnessed a Cen-
tral Council meeting probably know why. I
ﬁnd the ideal of giving that group absolute
control in the spending of over a half million
dollars rather frightening. A little booklet
called Groups. available at the SA. Contact
Ofﬁce. might give one the rightful impression
that S.A. funded groups usually only servethe
needs of small special interest groups, and are
often unattractive tothe general student body.
Under a voluntaristic tax system, each group
and S.A. as a whole would be left to prove
their worth, instead of simply resorting to
theft. as they do now. Those organizations of
genuine value would receive contributions ac-
cordingly. and the others would have to look
clswherc for money. Perhaps a number of
students would rather invest in activities that
are not ofﬁcially recognized by S.A.

Paul Grifﬁn
Libertarians

moving violation

To the Editor:

i would like to address this letter to the stu-
dent or students and their supporters who
were involved in placing the followingvper-
sonal in the ASP on April 9th:

“Elect Ray-the only 35 yearold candidate for
Student Association President. Vote
reyeuive"

I wonder what these people would say if a
woman or black person was running for ofﬁce.

The person or persons behind this act of
damage of Ray's character clearly violatedthe
I975 COMPREHENSIVE ELECTION
REGULATIONS ACT of the University at
Albany. section Vll B. which states. “No per-
son will destroy or cause to be destroyed any
part of a campaign of a candidate, or unfairly
or unethically attack a candidate or any pan
of his campaign.’_'

It doesn‘t matter that Ray is 35 years old,
Ray is a student here at Albany. He has paid
this studenttss. attends classes, and takes ex-
ams in the same manner as the rest of us. Ray

started his education a little later than usual“

but then the number of people over 25 years of
age returning to college is on a constant rise.
Ray might not have been as fortunate as you
or f, not everyone can afford collegeat 11 or Ill
yesrs old. Ray advanced far in his career. but
he found it necessary to come bsclt to college
to obtain the required qualiﬁcations for ex-
ecutive position. Now Ray Is at Albany.
because of the line programs and the quality of
the students that this University has a reputa-
tion of turning out.

PAGE TEN

ingtossa'iflos listlrne to give

  

. is
. Stride Association. andthestudentbodythe

stati- snd recognition they deserve.

When a person who is willing. cannot run
without being pre-judged and persecuted by
his fellow students, it is disheartening. When
_ Student Association Officers put
Ray V and discourage his supporters to
help, they are onlyeneouradng apathy and
keeping Student Association in room 346 of
the Campus Center. This clearly shows that
the ‘voters made a mistake in the past. and we
can only hope that this mistake is not repeated
in the f uture. I shudder at the thought of these
people sitting behind the bench in a court of
law. running our State in Albany or our Coun«
try in Washington.

I am not asking you to vote for Ray. just
listen to what he and the other candidates
have to say. After listeningto each candidate.
determine which one will servethe University.
Student Association“ and most of all, help
you.

Disregard the person‘s race. religion, age.
and physical characteristics.

 

Gary Parker

nichols change

To the Editor:

it is with deep regret that I must withdraw
my nomination for the office of President of
the Student Association of SUNYA.

I would like to take this time to thank and
apoligise to my supporters for the great
amounts of time and effort to promote my
candidacy for SA President. I would like to
thank Gary Parker and Bart Minsky for their
individual efforts.

The reasons for my withdrawal from SA
President candidacy are business. personal.
and academic.

l further regret that i will not be able to
serve the students at SUNYA. but 1 hopethat
the elected SA officers will accept my offer of
assistance in the process of serving the
students of this university. Thank you.

- Ray Nichols

a matter of taste

To the Editor:

The need for levityin one‘s life can hardly be
overstated. The annual “Kick-in-the~ASP is,
l'm sure. meant to be a humorous commen-
tary on life here at SUNYA. lf humor is to be
appreciated. it must bear some resemblanceto
reality, or else it would be thought simply
bizarre rather than funny. Humor can act as
an idex of the important social issues for a
given society or group. As journalists. you
have the dual responsibility of both reﬂecting
and shaping society. '

I now call your attention to the “ad” for
Editor-in-Chief of the ASP. While its premise
is indecdhumorous, the speciﬁcs of the item
anger me. Quote:“You must be female. You
must have big tits." adlnﬂnitum. l fail to see
the humor inherent in exploiting half of the
world. Try substituting “ Black" for “female”.
and “big lips" (or any other sterotype) for “big
tits". No longer is the passage funny. it
becomes racist and revolting in its original
form the item is sexist and revolting. What is it
in your editorial policy that differentiates
women from other minority groups on this
campus. and makes them a proper target for
such polite abuse?

Proponents of any political or social move-
ment can oftsnbtsccusedoflsahlngssense of

-' on '
com‘rnentsresuitynotin 7‘ I
‘ tion. As a woman. nd a member’of the

humor so strum

   

SUNYA community. l'm not laughing
anymore. _ . f . r
r-"‘ Toni M. Greenberg _

‘l'oth’slsltor: ,
‘ You editorial of April 6, 1976 makes
statements“ concerning the Puerto Rican
Studies Department that are false and in-
correct.

We categorically deny that it was “the tac-

, tics of the Puerto Rican Studies Department“

candidate: levens On

To the Erltor:

No matter which candidate is elected SA
President, next year's Student Association
will holdmeeting, spend student tax money.
and meet with administrators. . . . as it does
every year.

Maybe. with some creativity, and a person
who is not afraid to be innovative, it can be
done better.

Sure, every candidate can bend your ear
with a long list ofsccminglyimpressive student
gavernment related accomplishments-but
what have they done for YOU?

As Ombudsman. I successfully aided
several hundred students who were experien-
cing University-related problems and red tape.
These included problems such as non-re placed
broken refrigerators, wrongful ticketing by
Securitv, no hot water in a dorm, etc.

Last year, i helped ﬁnd thelocation for the
Food Co-op, and overcame Administrative
resistance to get that space.

“Non-proﬁt" FSA makes a protrt on
YOU. . . . if you live on campus you must
have a meal plan-and that's FSA‘s his.ng
money maker. 1 propose to have more
ﬂexible meal plan options/rebates for missed
meals. We should lessen the burden of the
mandatory meal plan.

i believe that more money should be
allocated for recreational and educational
events which can be enjoyed by everyone.
Some student government leaders have gone
to “weekend conferences" at our ex-
pense. . . .I prefer channeling that money
into events such as this week's “Podium Par-
ty“.

In fact. I proposed the bill which enabled
the party. and spent much of my vacation
time to help organize it.

I will form “resource pools", composed of
students who are familiar with areas such as
Business Administration, Accounting, and
Public Administration.They could help to
tighten up S. A. procedures, andthis increased
efﬁciency will save money-money which can
then be used for student programming

. .rather than being used to maintainthe
student government.

Let‘s not have another year of boring stu-
dent government]

Jon Levenson

candidate: miller

To the Editor:

There is little that can be said inthis limited
space that would clarify the issues of the up-
coming Student Association elections.
Therefore. as a candidate for SA President I
urge you to closely examine the campaigns of
all the people running for ofﬁce. Seek the
truth. Find our about their qualiﬁcations and
experience. During the election. I will be dis-
tributing literature stating my record in stu-
dent government and my viewpoints on the
issues. Please give it careful consideration.

if you have any questions about the
positions that l havetsken. please contact me
at 7-7872.

Thank you.

.lsy Miller

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

to take over President Field’s ofﬁce. it is the
polity of the Department to avoid confronta-
tion with the administration while the
channels remain open.

We have never afﬁrmed that “Puerto Rican
Studies is more important than any other
program on this campus." This is a reﬂection
of your journalistic bias.

The racist attitude of this society is implied
in your statement that “Puerto Rican Studies
could not ﬁnd powerful friends on Capitol
Hill"; where evidently we have no powerful
friends in the ASP. We wonder how many
Puerto Ricans Work on the staff ofyour paper
and where your sources of information came
from.

With a few exceptions. Puerto Rican
Studies has “no sympathy" onthis campus not
because of the reasons you state, but because
of the racism that permeates this University
and of which the ASP seems to he exemplary
with the publication of the aforementioned
editorial.

Edna Acosta-Belcn

Chairperson. Pueno Rican Studies Depart-
menl

Elia H. Christensen

Lecturer

Juan Angel Silcn

Visiting Associate Professor

yankee go home

To the Editor:

in response to Diane Weintrnub‘s llrticlc.
"New Buses Replace Green Ones,“(ASI’4 (i):

lfecl the problems of runningSUN YA‘s bus
service stems from administrative nr
compctnncc rather that the host of other ex-
cuscs in the article i.e. "Shortage of qualified
drivers.“ “Limited budget," and "Too costly to
operate".

It would seem logicalto assume since the in-
itial outlay for the “Green Buses" has been
made. operating them on a full time basis
should be less expensive than chartering
someone clscs buses. What do they payllnrtlcy
and Olsen for? Why are they passing the
responsibility for running SUNY‘s bus service
to Yankee Trails? -

lknowﬁrst hand that there is no shortage of
"Qualified" drivers, in facttherea quite ofsur-
plus of drivers since Yankee Trails took over
week-end operations. This semester l was sup—
pose to be working as astudent assistant filling

in for driverswho were out for some reason or
another, and at $3.00 an hour. with no sick
days. benefits, or paid holdiuys. l was a sub-
stantial saving to the State for myservices. No
one called me up asking me to work the week.
ends (i would have madly obliged) or the two
other student assistants the motor pool hired
for the same purpose.

Perhaps if some of the “dead wood“ were
eliminated from SUNY‘s bus service and more
students were given a chanceto work the cost
of running the school's bus service would
decline and service could be improved.

llill Charton

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sale right to print or edit letters lo the
editor. Submit letters. TYPE WRI 'I'I‘EN.
10: Editorial nger Editor, Albany Stu-

dent Press. 29, I400 Washington
Avenue, Albany, NY l2222. The ASI’
will Ital publish unsigned letters: names
will be withheld on request. Keep those
cards and letters coming In. but
remember:

'D‘evhy l: the'sotd'af wil.’

a

APRIL 23, 1976

 

 

    

{magnum w

focus

 

it has been previously held that political
conservatives were in fervor of gcltirrggmcr‘w
rncnt offlltc bricks ofindividunls, llut it sccllls
as if lhc supposedly conservative Supreme
Court lcd by Chief Justice Warren llurgcr is
not all llrnt conservative. Instead of lessening
the burden of govcr rtmcnt on people's bricks
llrcy have increased tlrnt hur‘dcn.

Two recent matters beforclhc Court act its rr
good example oflhis. One involvcsthc issue of
hair codes for policemen. and the other in—
volvcs thc constitutionality of homosexuality
acts.

in the first case the Court in tr six to two \ tilt:
reversed a decision by the U nitcd Sr tllcs L‘ourr

' of Appeals in New York that said policemen

had the constitutional right to \tcnr‘ llrcil' lrrtrr‘
any way they wished.

The majority opinion ofthc Supreme ('ourl
held than n police department's grooming code
was valid ifil rcllcctcd n"dCsirc to rnrrkc police
ofﬁcers readily recognizable to members ol
lhc public or for the cspirit dc corps \vlrrxh
such similarity is felt to inculcate within the
police force itself."

It scents that if you have. for cxnmplc. ll
police force of 400 men and all 400 men \\L'.rl
the same uniformtlurt should “make pilllLt' ole
ﬁccrs readily recognisable to members oI lllL'
Public“. In addition the common unilorrn
whrc'lrevcry policeman wears should gnu long
ivtryrn creating an "cspirit dc corps." II the un-
iforms themselves then serve these two pur»
poses where is the need in enforcing it hair
code? The hair code, contrary to the Supreme
Court's feeling. is superfluous.

The Supreme Court in this decision is full-
lnﬁ hack on one root of prejudice -- judging
Nollie  externals. that is. loo hnir. rrrtlicr
"W" owns people a chance to prove
themselves by exhibiting their true inner
qualities. There is no way to believe that a
Policeman with short cropped hair will do any
5"“ “lob than one with long hair. let each

 

is danagerous and fatal to be socond best.” ' r i

Est: FROM MY
iiiierm 0F new
wrro lgﬂi‘iii; HAPPENS
9425f,fo A sKl RrsoaAr
0N wool
CERTA

' b_\ l)n\irl I'rorgr-r

   

Ronald Reagan,
Campaigning in ram

‘Pr'zesiderttjthe United Stated will never become second to anybody.” ‘

Gerald Ford.

Campaigning in Texas

  
   
 
 
  

 

r

l

  
    
     
     
   
    
   

OLD

 

 

WANT: 
lliRULrné,

 

 
 
  

 
   

 
 

.a'Kz-m m

 

pr mu r hcrnxcluw llil ouch pcrlor llllllltL‘ rather
llrtrn \lL‘r't'rrltpc

In lhc \t't orul k'.|\t' ulcd .rbmc. lltc
hornoscurnl L'mt'. \rc :nc lrrlltrng nhoul
sorncllung drllcrcnr, \\\."lt' l.lll\|lltl rrborrl llrc
gtﬁt‘llllllt'lllllllClprlNlllgllst'lll1cl\\urlll\ttilll-

dmdrrrrlx .rnd drctulrnu uhnr I\ nut! is not
proper \L'klldl l1L‘l1.t\|rtl lor luo torrscnlrng
iltllllh

()n \lirlt'll Inlh the Supreme ('ourl rnlcd
lltlrl \lrllcs rrr.r_\ lllt)\L‘t_lllC .llltl Inlprlsorr pco-
plc for corrrnulnrrg homoscuml .rcls c\cn
\rlrcn bollr [hrlllcx lo .rrr .rcl .rrc corrscnlrng
rrtllrlts .rntl lhc .rt'l ourrrx rn prr\.rtc \\'lrrrl rs
thc (‘ornl going to do ncu, rlrrl.rlc \\lllll

prislllltlh .rlL' .llltl .llL’ lrol plopt‘t lll lri‘lclosc\—
tml .rtllxrn’

llo llic \rrprcrru- (olrrl |tr~lrrc~» lrnd rl
Ihrcrrlcnrnp to their rtlcrrlrlrcs .rnd llrc
slclt‘rrllpt's they hold to .rrlrrrrr rhrrl tlrcrc .rrt'
rndrtrdurrls rn our sum-l) \\|rr> prt-lcr .rclr\il_\
\\llll oun gender" ll) \lrgrnrrlr/rnp .rnd
rcxlrprnnlr/rrn: hornosmunlx or our \lttlL'l\. .rx
lhc Suprcrnct ourl lr.r\ done, lllL‘hlltlt‘H llsL‘ll

ands up rhc lost-r \lllL'l.‘ n l\ \‘lrisllltiitlll rnlcrrlcrl
[scoplc Irorn pnr ln'rpulrnpinsot'rcrnl tlLl|\ rlrcx.
ll's lrrnc lhrrt \\t' .lttt’lll wsnnl ilI\L‘l\rl\. rusl rrs
“c |r.r\c illlllt'. mcr lllt‘ wars. to .n'rcpl Irrcllll.
Llllllll.ll. .rnd lt'llllltllh ll|\L|\ll‘.

(ltrc rnrullrrlrrrp lllonplrl \tlllt It is this [he

.\rrprcnu- (‘orrrl'x lt'ilrt'xslnll rcgrudrng In»
drrrrlnnl triillls .rrc .ri'lurrllr ipltlr' .inrtllrclrcnl
lo lhc spurt of the lumrlcrrmrrl \t'dl \\c keep

ng hon rndrrrdrrrrl freedom». |r.r\c bccn

hcnrr
owrnmcru owr'lhc

crrclozrclu‘d upon by the g
llthl 200 vents rind hon llrcy rnusl bcr’csiorcd.

llrc lfurgct Court or Washington is doing
nothrrrglor'cstorc fructlorrls. l'lrcyconlinunlly
\vhiltlc away in the rights of every child!) in
this country. llrrs is quite frightening and dis-
turbing because, as opposed to a politician's
decision which you have to live with for only
Supreme Court‘s decisions you

tour years. the I ‘
live with for a lifetime.

may very well have to

 

is ortth rounus“ lVote Wisely 4 - -,

  
 
  
 
  
 
  

It’s that time of year again. Political paraphernalia has littered the SUNYA campus
for the past few days. Candidates have been working. organizing their campaigns and
formulating their platforms. The campus news media have been preparing‘special
coverage to get information out to the voters before the elections begin on Tuesday.
Yet the question still remains, will the voters vote—and vote intelligently? An
"intelligent" vote is a vote based on a careful examination ofthe relevant issues and the
candidatcs‘ stands on those issues. Voters must select the candidate who will lend
support to the positions they feel are important; the candidate who believes in what
they believe; the candidate with good judgement; the candidate who can get things

done.

Casting an "intelligent" vote is no easy task. Finding valid answers to important
questions takes time and effort. But with a little bit of work, students can make this

election something more than the usual student government popularity contest.

Students should read about the candidates in the special edition of the Albany
Strident Press on Monday andlistentothe“Candidates Forum“. which will be aired on
WSUA tonight and Sunday night. The information will be available. it‘s up to the

students to use it —and use it wisely.

. . . But Vote

There is power in numbers. This adage bears a great deal of truth when applied to
student government. Many administrators have expressed concern about the number
ofstudcnts whoturn out to vote in student government elections. They havestated that
it's hard to perceive student officials as the real voice of the students when they are
elected by less than a majority of the total population they supposedly represent.

Student concerns inevitably involve administrators. Look at the Faculty-Student
Association. Look at the Mohawk Tower controversy. Thes‘arc but trsmallsnmplc.
Rcccnt student govcrnmcnt elections have scenroughlythirty to forty per cent ofthe
cligihlc voters participate in the selection process. Without placing a valucjudgcmcnt
on that proportion. let it be said that it could be higher and the higlrcnthc better.
Regardless of who is elected, the more votes candidates receive. the greater the
crcdrhillly student officials will have as .r/ndwr/ rcpruswrlnlivm in the eyes of
rrtlrrllrrrslr'lrittr's. lncrcnscd credibility should yield an increase in thc nrnnunl of
Inllrrcucc student officials have on administrators. ’l‘htlsthcy will be better cquippcdlo
v. or l. rourrrds goals that are important to students. The formula is fairly simple, The
onlx lngrcdrcnt lacking is n lnr'gc strident voter turnout this week. Only the students
lllt'lll\t'l\L'.\ can supply that.

*************************

lnrcmlcd students with questions that they‘d like to lrcnrthc candidates nnswcr‘cnn
\\l’rlt' lhcn questions rrp and leave them in the mailbox of the liditor-in-Chicf ofthe
\lbrrn) Student Press in CC 329. Questions must be submitted no Inch' thrrn4100 p.m.

lhrs :rllcr‘noon, Make them clear and concise.

 

 

 

é

linrrorr r\ ('llll.l.... 
.\l \\.\t.l.\(. rut run.
Nuts rnrrorr......
ANN r/rn; Nrws sorrows .
l’rtoor 1 Iron Mimosa ......... 
.\ssot'rs‘rr. r'riootrt'rron srxnxrrrras
linrrorrrxr. I’.\(ilh sorrow.
mus It rrsrr rrrs tDl'ltlltS
Sr-onls mlrnlr .. ..
Assorrrrr. wortrs tor NHL...
Anvtrrrrsrmr nrxN.\(rr:rrs.........
Assocrxrr Irovrzrrrrsmr; MANAGER
('r,Assrrrr.r)-orr,rrrm Mwu‘rn
lir'srnrss MAN/tutti .......... ..

 

'I'AFF

............................. .S'rrn'rrrzu D/JNANKA
......Sl’l:N(‘lEli Rxoorn
..l),\vrn Wrxzmrrsno
ANDller llunzrtsno. CYNTHIA H ACINLI
......................... .. Loursra MARKS
...C‘AnoL Mt‘l’ltERSth. ELLEN FlNli
Krars WAX
NAOMI FRIEDLANDER. Srurrrrer ElSENMAN
 NATHAN SALAN‘l'
.Mrt'rrAt-zr. l’rraxansxr
.ll2RRl Allllll:(.'llT. [.ras Zl't'KERhtAN
...Lr.u Bronoo
KENNETH Conn
DANIEL O'CONNOR

.\l. l STIIIL'A I)

  
 
  
 
   

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

.‘l\\llltllll nrnnugirrg r'rllfrlr.' l’lril Mollcr

t mnnru/rrtnlrmn [)rrr'l'rur' lletly Stern

I I' tllltl loll/m \t'itl rmnrogl'r'r: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

.\rrr/l nr'rm'r' \rrsrrn Miller. Paul Roscrtthlrl

l'lr‘llt’ll .lrnt'c l-crgcnbnrrrn

lirllrnu ill tl'llllllllll .\rrslrn Dorrrrcs

(Mill/Hnlllllll nrumlgl'n l'llcn llorscn. l’nlr'ick Mutilvnrr

Ill-nil rrpnr |.csllc lzrscnslcrn

I'rm/ru/run. .lrrrtcl Adler. l’nlly Ahcr'n. Sarah llltrntcnstock. Carol llurgcr, Joan EIlswortlr.Judi
llcrlrlcl, Mnrgc Hogarth. Vrcki Klil‘lllllttll, Krrlhy Innr. Mrtrc Leve. Tania Levy. Michclc Lipton.
ltrclr Mcr‘mclsrcrn. .lrrnct Mcunler. Debbie Riegcr. .Iorrn Silvcrblnlt

(mi/rims nrlnmyl'r. Roberta Goldman

‘lllllll.\l.\ll'tllf_l't' rL\.\I.\ItIIlI.' .lcrelyn Knyc

xii/\‘t'l'fIJlIlA' prollrn'rron: .lcfl Aronowitz, Kelly Kiln. iirirrn Culrill. Anne Wren

l’lrulugt‘rlpltl‘: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

'I'lrc Albany Student Press f.l' published every 7iu'rduy and Friday during Ilu' .rr‘honl year except
holidays. Iz'llilorlnl policy is the responsibilll)’ oft/re Editor In Chief andsuhjecr to review hytlrc
Mar/hand Sin/f. Main llfjlt‘t'.’ €029: Ieleplrone: 45 7-8892. Funded by Sludent Association Ad-
driur mail Io: Albany Student Press. CC 329. I400 Washington Avenue. Albany. NY [2222.

 

 

 

a

—niw

O'Io _' q..-

u

aw.—

b‘._s-t'-i

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
   
    
 

   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
  

'\.'l.'l

