~43 News V» '— _.- ..

 

 

i,

5
.
g.
3‘.
. r

 

~« «we ~ ~  <e-vW-emwm. e~e~g.—,a-J,.¢-,x-_..¢,Ag..w_g-mews

 

 

 the  for the 20th century‘s

own house (now turned into-

apartments) was built by one of the t'o’uni
dina fathers of modern architecture.

' Henry Robson Richardson. His swelling

volumes. continuous surfaces, and
prototypical ribbon windows, helped

,I.

.r'Jl

masters. His rough stone and sweeping
archways may be called Romanesque
Revival, but such a term does little toex—
plain the spacious. engulﬁng quality of
the building. Walk up to this house and
you will sense its welcoming nature.

 

Supreme Cour! Building. Built in l842.

There is a world of architecture in
Albany that has little to do with Edward
Durrel Stone's poured concrete. soaring
fountains. or incessant rectangles. There
is an architecture of human scale that was
designed by men with an optitnistie \‘ic\\
of the future of the United States. 'lhe\
were inspired by the great historical styles
of the past: attempting to assimilate the
cultural ambiance of ideal periods ol
history. into a nation lacking a lone

 

1 Buildings f ride

istory of its own. The Greeks and
omans were obvious choices; their
emocracies served as models to our own.
at the search went on, and these pages
ontain several examples of American
ttempts to revive architectural styles of
he past.

These building express a quiet dignity
nd a continuing pride. We need only
earch them out. the products of a not her

l'il

865 Thurlow . Terrace. Tlis dark
brooding house opposite Draper Hall. is
- around 90 years old. with its tower,_dsrk
muted colors (reds, browns. and greys)
and steeply pitched roof. it is alineexsm-
ple of American Gothic Revival.
The Gothic Revival was a style that
attempted to transform the liturgical

anothestillyoungAMcgsesrehtng
Utopian’idesls,entbrseed heedneept wit
relish. Examples golf this style as '
ticularly‘ common in Albany; one's'teed '
only take a ride doanWestern Avenue.

"III 1.

I’

' §sNG "5

this building is a fine example of ’ i with” a a
American Greek Revival. lts Ionic ﬂuted ." V 1/
columns. its dignified symmetry and its
cold grey color bespeak a dignity and

- order that was attractive to Americans
seekingthe classic tradition. lt‘isscaled to
human size welcoming all into its halls of
justice.

 

 

Gothic detailing (traccry patterns above
the upper windows), and hints at the
Romanesque arch. At one time rented
and used as offices for SU N YA. the house
has now returned to its original glory with
the inspired attention of its present
owners. the Minceys.

5 Iinglewood Place. This ham-L“
located at the eastern tip of Washington
Park, presents its handsome 125 year old
facade to all. Originally built by the
manufacturing Hykefelt family. it may he
‘3 the finest private house in Albany. lts

 rough stone exterior contains some
"U/W/U' (fly llu/l. Rut-tilt outage! ment building(in striking contrast tothe
and renovated, the illllitillly no“ sprigs Ma“ “cross mu way). The dunnng
in RiChardsonian grandeur Ittrlmtle," reveals the studied surface patterns and
laidthefounding slonelor lltlshlllltldlgl’n Richardmnas attention m dcum‘ n is m
lxxl- Based 011th llilllillll I“ 'l-lili‘P-F‘ once Classical in its proportions, and
(itstowersrcsemhlcslltcl .ttltt“tllllt‘ll‘"!!_c Romantic in its warmth. It presents a
Florcmlnc 'IVOWII “NHL ll '\ “Willi” lesson in government building that
ment of solidity and llllsl. .i ltne N“. deserves to he observed.

photos by orica marcus

story by stePPen eisenman

 

 

),

 

L

PAGE 4A APRIL 30, 1976

APRIL 30, 1975 AM ENT PRESS

 

