 son until he dropped. Warren Was in the Corps for 79,days and r , i i

w  MW“ ._  a”, ,—  _  *r............mi";arrears;assign. ‘1 
the other-upon‘h . ' ' -   .‘ V , . ,, _ . I V
a.“ . W 1 r.   . «(out SPtENVlP PRES.th WHOIS AtREAW BEGIerNG
-  Tatum ourorritrroo RECESSION...
‘ A, ..  .:.; g I. ‘w \ I  . _ IV

   
    

7' Ila _ _ ghee 1 , whereas, what is the horror'of swift death by

* - plld‘ ‘ '. is ledalature could find money  f the axe compared with'lifelong death from V
somewhere. ﬁnally-l hopethe“: entmajori-I ‘ltiiiobe hoped that the hunger. cold, insult. crtietty.,and heartbreak? — 
ty” of American students speaks up. their default in its obligation to the international What is siirift d‘ ‘by lightning compared

"2/

 
 

  

 

 
   
  
    

  
  

 
 
 
 
  
  
  

  
  
 
 
  
   
  
  

 
  
 
 

   
   
 
    
 
  
   
     
  
 

 

 

"l‘otlemi  “

i letter. However. I also disagree? with some of
‘his arguments.

 

  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
  
 

 

 

" ulnar so. MWﬁnet‘Who‘ll Pay” ass.
Mar. 23) brought up some good points in his‘

One pain that bothers me is the continued CU‘baCks
conneaionof SUNY to CUNY. Thesearetwo
different groups. who are asking for two ‘l'otlie “tor:
different things. CUNY studerls are deman-

maybe some, good changes will occur.
Mitchell Werner

international

The State Legislature last week stranded the
ding no tuition. something I disagree with. international student community on the cam-
' while SUNY students are asking for affor- pus when it abolished funds for all positions

students already admitted or those expected to
be admitted in the coating academicyear, for cemetery could contain the coffins filled bythe
whom‘ the existence of the excellent advise- brief Terror which we have all beenso diligent-

with slow death by tire'at the stake? A city

r‘nentservice‘was no doubt amsjor considera- 1y taught to shiVer and mourn over, but all

tloniii their applicationsto‘ SUNYA.

France could hardly contain the coffins ﬁlled

lstrongly urge the University to request the by the older and real Terror—that un-
Stste Legislature to restore in the Supplemen- speakably bitter and awfttl Terror which none
tal Budget the funds for the position of the of us has been taught to see in its vastness or

dable tuition and quality education. which is connected with international student advise-

totally equitable. .

merit: Director. international Student Office.

Unfortunately I dothinkthat most students Director‘s Secretary and the Director Saylcs
don't realise what the rally was really about. International House, effective July. I976.
otherwise lwould hopethat there would have Equally affected were the other SUNY cam-

been morestudentsthere’. unlesstheyare more puses with ’ .ternational student advisement

Diretnor of ISO and the other two affected pity as it deserves.”
positions.

oldx fanshened

To the Etltor:

Mark Twain

1 would like to_offer one f urthcr comment
on Professor Wright‘s lesson in the “scholarly
approach to facts." Professor Wright provides
quotes giving a wide range of estimates of the
number of deaths associated with land reform
movement. Professor .i. K. Fairbanks. one of
Americas best known China scholars, es-
timates “hundred of thousands. some say

Ashok Sabherwal

 

   

 
  
 

 
 
 

  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
    
     
 

 

 
 
  

     
  
 

a

 

\\
U.

 

 

      
  
    
 

  

and SA Vice President. ' r
The two individuals elected will wield a great deal of power and_a'greit’deal ' .
inﬂuence in student government next year; The decisions they make will  all. '
SUNYA studentsﬂin one way or another. r  V  r g
The Student Association has total control over the distribution of about one-half:
million dollars in student tax money. That tax money funds. among other things,» _
campus movie groups. clubs. concerts. speakers. and so on. The student government ,
decides what activities will or will not be available to students at SUNVA. R‘
The Student Association is granted the status of representing the student viewpoint
on various issues. The positions they decide to take and the manner in which they.
choose to support those positions can have a great effect on student life at SUNYA.
Remember the busing problem earlythis winter and the ensuing sit-in at Vice President
for Management and Planning .lohn Hartley’s ofﬁce. Remember the student takeover

selﬁsh and self defeatingthanlcareto believe. programmes. V millions." On the other hand W. W. Roslow ’

Amajor reason forthe rally wastoshow unity The action showed scant regard for the Un- I would like to comment. or rather more cites a priest (see Fanshen. pp. 56-66 on the .   a?! 0i FSA “N 59mm" “Nd [he Yawning birth or ii Siu‘lcm F00“ CO'OP- Remember “‘3

among studentsin the SUNY system. Right iverstty Task Force Report on Priorities and precisely pass on a comment. on the human role ofthe church in rural China) who gives an ‘  iii "‘ f at M: ’ conduct oftltc SUNYA students who participated in the demonstration at the Capitol
' ‘ we." I‘

now thing are happening in other state Resources and the Recommendations in this
schools that could in the future happen here. respect of President Emmett B. Fields to the
Hopefully if we help fight those problems SUNY Chancellor. Ernest Boyer. neither of
together we will defeat them for all students. which contained such a provision. The action

in connection withtuition hikes, i hope you also showed scant regard for the University's
realize that the SIOO hike will keep us at the obligation to the international students it had
level wesankto with programeutbacks. notto already admitted on the basis of its inter-

redeein them. And i would like you to know nationai student advisement.
that tuition assistance was to be cut back l0%

1 Currently affected are nearly 200 inter-
whenthe rally was called for. Addedto all that national students-on the campus from over 50

cost of social change. This passage appears at
the beginning of the section of W. Hinton‘s
well known book Fanshen dealing with land
reform as practiced in the village of Long Bow
between I947 and I949. I think the passage
places what Prof. Wright calls “the ruthless
policies of the communists“ in a proper
perspective. ‘

“There were two “Reigns of Terror“ if we
would but remember it and consider it;thc one

estimate of seven million. Given Professor
Wright‘s “scholarl y approach tothe facts" one
wonders why he did not includcthc Guinness
Book of World Records (l | ed) p.368.
“Greatest Mass Killings: China. The greatest
muss killing in human history ever attributed
to any group is that of 26.300.000 during the
regime of Mao Tsc-tung." Source. an agency
of the government of the U.S.S.R.

.lohn Stutr.

 

C careers . I we:

0’ “is?” up did

2': F561, W peace
'5 W35 War
H._ ' woe R

 

FER FOR? 0F («OLE
esrgeggr. 9 wanes-s.

\

when w 556

A5. A 693%? THEM
TO DATlOMAL SECUEW? your?
1146 CIA 02 A/ FREE 8 -

PRESS .?

   

PAGE TEN

%

WHAT TROUBLES ((00
MOST ABOUT AMERICA
TOP/W? IDFLATIOU ?
’ UMEHPLQVME

l.)
g?
l

B

t

CD ((00 WIMKTHE
Eléllf YD PENNY
i9 MORE lMPOE’fAiJT

r?
l

arm M W
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

A HPE
M6
6L MATURE.

ear I owe lT UP
ow 90(3le

rigour LthAUCEP-

0005 99 Wt) THlMK

VETEMTE FAVORS
( Th6 RUSStAiJS?
' /

71W ulELL

(#002 kev
wetness. Argo tr 52cc
1 \ TO
 , HAKltb
  11’ UP.

  

l
L
var ma seam 1mm l 1'19

MARCH 30, 1975

 

   

    
  

  

  
 
 
   

  
  
 
  
  
 
   

      
  
   
  
 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

of Cuba makes the situation one ol direct
national interest to the US Says the
Spot/lull]. u'l'hnt the Kremlin has for years
been using the helpless people of (‘ubu to
promote its own aggression is tto sccrcl. Now
it becomes clear that ('nslro‘s lSliIlltl [it‘lstill IS
not only serving as it Soviet llil\ill hnsc. llllSSIlL'
site, advttucc rccounttisnncc liiisc :iud cctitcr
for the political subversion ol iiniioih ol llic
Westcrn llcllllSpllL‘l'C. but US pctiplcnlt' being
served tip liy Castro ttS cttltiltilt loddcr to ad-
VilllCL' Soviet aims in Africa.“

US. participation intliccurrcut mcss ltcgnn
when the State Departuicut.,proddcd by the
New York 'I'i'lnt's niid international finance.
decided to tlcstahili/c ('nsli‘o's predecessor.
l’ulgcncio liiitista. Using the (‘IA ltlltl lying
newspaper propagtttidrsls. the) \ictc
successful in turning t'ubu over to (intro.
who. they simciinioniously assured us. \\;is
definitely not it communist.

()ver the years their game has become clear.
Castro is being used to gain cont in! of not only
Latin America and black Africa. bill ot the
highly strategic wntcrwuy around the (‘npc ol
Good Hope on the southern tip tll Africa.
Control of the seats is ti prime object 0| the
Soviet global strategy and the Cape route is
one of the four most strategic waterways inthe
world.

it is sobering to realize that of lltcsc tour.

 

 

 

\tllliillrll .S'ImI/ig/il urges that patriotic
Anici'icuns giic their lull support to the brave
people of R llittltixlil and the chvblic of South
Attica. they are literally standing nitrite
uguiust tlic hiii ltiii'lillh should llicii ctttiscl’tiil.
l'tlltipcilll cuhuic Ill illl Africa will he snuffed
otit loic\ci. and the uoild \\ill ptiylltc pricc.

\u/muu/ Slur/light tccoiiiuicnds utilitnry
rod for RlltltlL‘Slil nud Sotitli «\fl'lL'tI. hilt insists
lllill ll iioi bccltnnnclcd through the ('lA. lllc
( l‘\ slltlllltl gcl out ol Aliit'ti; too oltcn dis-
;isch lollous ill the loolsicpx til lllill citignittlic
oignni/ntioii. (‘l:\\ tragic lllSitil')’ is lillcrctl
\tilli tllSllSlL‘lS lot the West. victories lor the
Kiciuliu . .nndprolitslorthciiitcintitiounl
lirinltcis itlltl Inultintitioiuil corporations.
liliciti lohh\ lltlS .tl\\rl)"t emphasich
(letiigc ‘\\'.I\ltlllgloll'n warning against in-
[CI \t'llllilll lll toicigu cutnuglcmcnls. What we
pi oposc IS Iiol inlcrwnlltin. litil direct prolcc-
\uicricau interests lll Alricti Not inst
the Still lnncs ol the world. notiiist the critically
hllillcglt' chioiuitiin ore lroiu Rhodesia. not
lllSl tltc llllllllll) Intervention of it communist
neighbor are involved; the storm hrcwtngtn
Africa is spreading ltlltl Cilll no longer bc ig-

lioti ol

noted.
lit'tltlt'l'd t'tlllllllt‘llM are welcome. I'lt'm't’

[um along any [mi/iii rrl'vi't'ivlu Lilit-riy Luli.

hr, IJt‘Ill. .i-IJ, .lllll llltlt'ﬂt'lltlt'llt't' xlt‘t'llttt'.,
.S'./;'.. ll'iulliugitm, l).('. 2000}.

only about two weeks ago. Also remember what may have been forgotten. Think about
the thingsthnt could have been done. but were not; think about whether or not theycan
still be accomplished.

The key to a successful student government is student responsiveness. Student
officials must act iii the better interests of the students who elected them. Too often.
this does not happen. People in strident government sometimes get too caught up with
personal convictions to truly represent the students. Left to their own devices. student-
rcprcscntntives really don‘t know what their constituents want and don‘t expend
enough energy to find out. They simply assume that they know what's best for students.

Representing students in government is no easy task. increased input from
constituents would help representatives decide what stands they should take. If
students aren‘t interested in their government. then that government will be unableto
effectively calculate whcrc student interest lies.

Students can only make their government more responsive to them if they are more
rcsponsrvc to it. The first step they can take towards this end is to vote #and vote
wiscly. ’l'hcy must not vote for candidates who are only well-knows. they must base

 

  
 

 

 

.‘ their votes on what the candidates know. The candidates must be forced tospcak tothe
‘  issues issues that concern students. The campus media must responsibly relay
i objective information about the candidates to the sludcut body.
i Voter uput hy could allow the political wheeling and dealing ofti fcwdccidc who will
i \ take office. ()1in careful scrtitiny of the candidates and plenty ofintclligent votes can
i. "W MN“ I-zf' 010‘ “ml—— ensure that this will not happen.
i I e p . . . .
/ Student government is thereto represent the students at least thats the way it
i “5‘95 ~ BUT I ' THUMB / 9‘” I .‘t W Intervene In Rl'lOdeSICI. m... h.
» i V5 'lllEH $00006 6M5 Ag” 1: . .
i. up wrist) / ALLAYEV U to
’1  b V  En I  UU’ .. ‘ ‘ . . ' ' '  by ltohcrt liurtull
~‘  Warn/6'   '  A recent front page editorial iii .Vu/loim/ Suc/ nud (iibrultcr arc til-l‘clltl)‘ Soyich
.S'palli'gludcalt with RlltttlUSillillld lllUtllSllllCl douunntcd. thc l’nniinitt("untilistobc givculu é A BA Y.
ME ‘  W ' possibility of its bciitg ovcrrun by blacks with ilic pro-Smiet Panamanian rcgiuic ol ()Il'lill‘ PR SS T
'  the overt support of the Soviet Union and il- ltlll'lltts as soon as it can be arranged and‘thc -
  our: 000 Cuban troops. lull ol white South Alricn would bring im«
. The editorial reported that with Castro's mediate communist control ol the (‘nperoute MASTHh-AD51H“:
12.000 troops in Africa. armed with Soiicl Shotild thc l‘SSR gain control ol lllt: lour [mum minim ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,, “Sm-“m Dug-Ang
~ I missiles. tanks and aircraft. presumably strategic \\lllL‘l\\il)’S /\ntcricn would he illl MANAtiINt.I.l)l‘Il|ll .... .. ...Si'I.N('i-.it RAuoio
prcpurcd to attack Rhodesia. tlic iutcrvcutiou island iii if Souct lake. NH“ “"1"” .  ------- ‘- )'\‘“’ WIMH-"WO
Assoctxrr Mrws EDITORS .................................... .. ANDREA Hcaziitaito. CYNTHIA HACINIJ

LOUISE MARKS

 

l'itonut'uoN mm”-

Assocrxrr PitonticrtoN MANAGERS ...................... ..CAR()I. MCl’llliitSth. ELLEN FINE
EDITORIAL riots soi'rnn KEN Wax
Airrs & rennith rzonotts ...................................... ..NA()MI FitllZDlJtNlililt. S‘l‘lil'llliN ElSliNMAN
Srou'rs entrust NATHAN SALAN'I‘

Assoctxrr. spouts rzniroit... . MltfllAliL l’icitutsxt
onrarismo MANAGERS"  JERRY Nunavut. LliS ZtlthliRMAN

Assortix‘ri: ADVERTISING MANAGIle ...LISA lituNun
('i.Assirii.o-t;iwi'i'ri MANM a. .. KENNETH Conn
"USINle iii/mama ............. ., . .l)ANlhl. O'CONNOR

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 

 

 

 

'__._-————

Il.l.\l.\lfllll lummgiug l‘f/llrlr.’ l’hil Molter

(’ummuniratio/is Dirac/or: Iiclly Stein

1|. l'. rlllt/ [or/luv .Vt'uu llllllltlgl’l’l.’ Matthew Kaitliunn. Kiui Sutton
Sid/l U’I‘l/t'l‘i.‘ Susan Miller. Paul thL‘llllllll

l'l’t't'lt'tt'.‘ Joyce i‘cigcubtium

Ill/ling Ill't'llllllltllll. Justin Doinrcs

t'oni/ioimuu Iiiuiirigt ' lillcn lioiscn. Patrick Mctilynn

.‘ll.\l.\llllll In the mirror:
llt'llr/ ll'lll.\l.' Leslie ltisctistciu

I'r‘iIrlllt‘l/iﬂl.‘ .lnnct Adler. l’tilty Ahern. Sarah lilnmcustock. Carol liurgcr. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
llcitnci. Marge Hogarth. Vicki Ktirtminn. Kathy Lani. Marc chc. 'l'iiuin Levy. Michele Lipton.
Rich Mcruiclstcin. .lttnct Mcttnier. Debbie Ricgcr. Joan Silverbliitt

tiru/rlurr Iiimmgcr: R nbcrln (ioldmau

('irrirlt/Iio/i Iiiiluugt'r: llelcnc Litstgurtcn

.-ltllill.\l.\ll‘tllll't‘ rl.l.il.\'ltllll.‘ .lcrclyn Kaye

zlrli't'l'llslllg prmlut-Iimt: Jeff Aronowitr. Kelly Kitii. llriuu Citliill. Aitne Wren

I'lloltigl'lI/llllt’.‘ supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club

  
 

 

I 'In' Albany Student Press l.l' [Juli/isler cvt'ri' Tilt-ultri' and Friday during lllt‘ school year except
Imlitlniu. i'i'rlt'luri‘u/ Illlllt'vl’ it Illt‘ M's/mlltl‘lllllllll' ofI/u' Erlllnr lIi Cltlttl'rlntlsuliiccl Itl author by [he
.lIrIiI/it'ml Slit/J} Main ofﬁce: C029: telephone: 45 7-d892. I’imrlt'il by Slur/cm (lJt'tlt‘laIltlll. Ads
drum mail to: Albany Srmlwu I’rvss. CC 129. I400 Wash/again Avenue. Albany, NY [2222.

 

 

 

 
  
   

 

 

