   
 
  
    
  
  
  
  
   
      
     
    

’ million in federal aid; 
in the noon, felt for the ll
million-public system. buedona

, Martin Gerry, director of the Ofﬁce
for Civil Rightsinthe'Dep’artment of
Health. Education and Welfare.

Gerry‘s'sid the study showed that '

wills only 34 per cent of the system's
students are white. 87 per cent of the
system’s 46.000 teachers are white.
Wldle blacks made up “percent at
enrollment~ last year, only 9 per cent
ii the teaching force was black. and
while 28 per cent of enrollment was
of Hispanic origin. only 3 percent of
the teachers were Hispanic. Gerry
said.

Gerry also charged that women

,H nut-if ndpromotionof‘
* teachers or face the loss of 3200

rider-toting.- discrimination

  
 

year study, were aired Tuesday by'

re. . rl V gai s
* .prornotioiis' prlndpsl or assistant ,
:rineipaljo .with only 27 percent .

It eli lteld by women although
women comprise 60 per cent of the
[force ' ’ ' '
Another

 

      
     
 

ea of discrimination

paid for athletic coaching duties. He
said coachingfoes for sports in which
no Women teachers are involved—
 'baseball. wrestling, and
soccer—average “.653. while the
fees for sports in which 70 per cent of
the coaches are women—
gymnastics, softball ‘and
volleyball—'average only Sl,082
Gerry said at a news conference
that he had conferred with Schools
Chancellor Irving Ankcr on the
report. and had reason to believethe
board would cooperate in
eliminating discrimination. But
Anker said later that the report was
“seriously deficient." and the
system's hiring policies are in com-

 

 

against women, he said,’ is in salaries ’

has been a significant increase in the
employment of minority teachers
and supervisors in recent years.”
Both Anker and Albert Shanker.
president of the United Federation
of Teachers. blamed some of the Im-
balance on the school decentraliza-
tion program set up by state law.

The China Gang
Has Been Dissolved

TOKYO (A P) The “gang of f our" ac-
cused of plotting a coup in China
tried to have Chang Chun-cltiao
made premier after the death of
Premier Chou En~lai in January. the
official Hsinhua news agency has
said. Chang. one of the'four. had
been a vice premier and a member of
the standing committee of the Com-
munist party Politburo until his
arrest last month along with Chiang
Ching. widow of Chairman Mao
Tse-tung party Vice Chairman
Wang Hung-wen and Politburo
member Yao Wen-Yuan.

Previous official broadcasts have
said the four. who are regarded as
radicals. began maneuvering after
Chou's death to have their own can-
didate named premier. but did not
name him.

The Hsinhua broadcast said the
four “wantonly opposed the esteem-
ed and beloved Premier Chou En-
Iai" as early as the I975movement to
criticize Confucius and the late
Defense Minister Lin Piao. “After
the premier passed away. they
redoubled their efforts to create

 

 

 

You‘ll really live it up!

 

BoozeBonanza
All indies Drinks
1% Price!!!

Every Thursday night is Ladies Night at The Taver
in the Ramada inn. Get a group together and comeI!l
We have Roast Beef Sandwiches and Hot Dogs, too.

  

 

 

Outerwear

your kind of store

PAGE TWO

 

Sweaters
Slacks
Suits

Leathers
Landlubber

W E-

- Stuyvuont Ploso

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' " y public opi-
mon and bring pressure to bear on

n s
vvullsvs u.

. the party Central Committee head-

ed by Chairman Mao in an attempt
to boost"“lhe""ciibtpii'dt’ol "and
careerist Chang Churi-chiao to the
premiership?“ it said.

Meat Inspectors
Used . Extortion

NEW YORK (AP) Thirty federal
ment inspectors and a supervisor
have been indicted on charges of il-
legally receiving money and other
items of value as shakedown payoffs
worth over 5500.000 from more than
50 meat processing ﬁrms. Officials
said the payoffs were bribes to avoid
"harassment" tactics and work in-
terruptions that could have cost it
plant “thousands of dollars a day."

Robert Fiske. U.S. attorney in
Manhattan. said the rockct has not
affected the quality ofmcat and meat
products distributed by the firms.

The indictments were announced
Tuesday by Fiske and U.S. Atty.
David (J. Trager of Brooklyn. The
indictments state that from I972 un-
til Iasl month. inspectors extortcd
payments of $5 to $75 a week. plus
meat and meat products. from the
processors.

N yqut’st Speaks Here

continued from page one
plus revenues generated. according
to Roscnthal.

“As a non profit corporation."
Rosenthal said.“thc surplus money
must be put either directly buck into
the operation or dispensed in
another way for students."

The board of directors last year
distributed the surplus revenue in the
form of urcbate for students on meal
plans. According to Roscnthal. there
is a “lot of sentiment“ on this year's
board to direct some of the money
toward a proposed recreation center.

pliance no...“ tst lookatthe 1 A.
record,” he said, “shows that there. -

  
  
   
  
   

Syrlsn Troops And Tanks Advance on Beirut
BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) Syrian Troops and tanks moved into Beirut and
surrounding areas Wednesday in the new Arab league peacekeeping force's
ﬁrst major move toward ending the I9-monthgold Lebanese civil war. The
lead. tanks in a column of 50 tanks. I2‘a‘rmored personnel carriers and 12
truckloads of heavily armed troops rumbled into the Galerie Sainzian a
battleground on the southeast edge of Beirut. The rest of the column bricked
up on along a stretch of contested road between Beirut's Christian sector and
the highway to the airport. There was no resistance to the Syrian advance
Much of the city's population ran to basements and other air raid shelters hi
ambulances raced through the streets with sirens wailing. '

Tanzania Calls For Brltlsh Support Now

DAR ES SALAAM. Tanzarla (AP) President Julius Nycrure has called on
Britain to assume more direct responsibility for Rhodesia‘s changeover in
black majority rule by naming Britons to serve as ministers of defense and
foreign affairs in the interim period. Nyerere said in an interview with Ihu
Associated Press that this would settle one of the tonghest problems hung
the Geneva conference on Rhodesia~control of the Rhodesian ornn. l'hc
Tanzanian president said Britain. as the legal colonial power in R hodcsiu.
also should provide the two ministers until the transition period is completed.
But “internal affairs"—meaningcontrol of the police—"would. ot’conrsc. be
the responsibility of the local. the interim government," Nycrcrc declared in
the interview Wednesday.

Indlan Amendment Strengthens Gandhl’s Rule
NEW DELHI, indla (AP) The Indian parliament on Thursday completed
passage of an historic constitutional amendment stiffening the cxccttlne
clout of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi‘s government. With about it tin/en
opposition members sitting out in protest. the upper house voted I‘ll-ll to
give the government the sweeping new authority it had requested to nih- tho
nation of bio million people. The amendment will become law after receiving
the anticipated endorsement of a majority of India's 22 state assemblies.
Passage of the amendment capped the series of dramatic and scctttitigh‘
permanent changes implemented by Mrs. Gandhi in the I7 months since slti‘
proclaimed a national emergency and curtailed individual rights and press
freedom.

Navy Suffers Setback In Search of F14
WASHINi’ll‘gliN :IAP) The Navy has suffered its third setback in living to
recover an ig tcr plane that fellintothe Atla ‘ ‘ i i  i
cart‘llir‘dli’ck 'trnhry'  ago.“ “ipbkgigifnofzfidntfridg 17.3”:
landing gear broke from the plane while it was being dragged ttndct'nttler
toward the Orkney Islands. The line pulling the plane was attached to NW
landing gear. At last report, the F14 was lying in about l20 feet ofoccun some
four miles from shore. The ﬁghter originally sank in nearly I.900 feet of lllL‘
Atlantic after rolling from the deck ofthe air craft carrier John F. Kcnncdt
on Sept. l4 during NATO maneuvers. Its two-man crew escaped. I

U.N. Consensus Scolds Israeli Pollclea

UNITED NATIONS, N.Y. (AP) The United States joined a consensus
Security Council statement Thursday that “strongly deplored" Israeli
policies in occupied Arab territories and termed them “an obstacle to police."
lhe. United States has been Israel‘s most consistent illiy in the United
Nations. The statement, agreed to by all I5 cotincil members. expressed
grave anxiety and concern over the present serious situation in the tthtlplL‘d
Arab territories as a result of continued Israeli occupation." It Cililcd on
Israel as the “occupying power" to comply strictly with the git-new
convention governing the administration of occupied territories.

lvlvils‘ To Make Public All Annual Tax Rulings
pugliiillrg'JgN (APJThe Internal Revenue Service will soon be making
wm ‘d ' ousan s of tax rulings itissucs each year. although llic Ills
b not I cnttfy-the corporations or individuals involved. The IRS linndlcx
 “mugs a X63" 1" “"3 Past. the IRS revealed most rulings only to
I“ mule 1.2:OLP"'9“°“5“"<1taxpayers Whosoughtguidanceonnspcullu
discloéufc' re , ‘ 0"” ‘waYS and Means Committee. which nrotc tlic
, I * ' ‘lUll'Lmenl into the new tax law. expressed concern that "lhc
garlic ruling system has developed intoa body of secret law known oiin to in
members of the tax profcmomn

friﬁralinese've “'99” TO Support Congress

indemnﬂflgoi: (AP) The Federal Reserve Board could lind Ils
ndminimmi;  “aply 09"?"le if ll. fails to cooperate with the tuner
Sen wimam Ill.” Tangle“ _”‘ "eating limit and expanding flu.- ccononl).
his warnin t 1:2“er slim 1 hursday’ The Wisconsin Democrni addressed
whﬂher (hi; 0 c . Chairman Arthur llurns after the two disagreed ovcr
mumps monPOWcrful Fed Wits relaxtng or maintaining its firm grip on [he
doesn't ex irey “in”, “Nd “new” rates. Burns. whose term its clitnrnmn
has eased itsepldiigieiiiis’ tom the Semite Banking Committee liltll the led
economy needs it. recem Weeks and would relax them lllrlllcl II [in

giihmmm F°" Poulblo Future Tax Cut
disagree.“ TON (M’) President-elect Jimmy Cttrter's first policy
ponsibim an; W“ “Y congressional Democrats is emerging over the
begin iml’yrgviiiiieliv {ix cm' can“ said last week that if the economy does not
y u““‘"¥.lher ' “ - -v n _ pk
imam WHO stimulate“. clsa strong possibility thntlic Would is

___

NOVEMBER 12. 1976

 

 
 
 
 

  

Dean for Student Allslrs Noll Brown said that SUNVA must make a

change In Its grade postan pollcy before semester finals.

ﬁrms

  

Will". _ a
University administrators will

meet this'week in an effort toydeter- ‘
mine a policy change in regard tothe '
a posting of student Fades with their
social security numbers. ‘

 “The key test is whether the stu-
dent wants his or her grades posted.“
explained Dean f br Student Affairs
Neil Brown.

Under the protection of the Fami-

:‘ ly Educational Rights and Privacy

Act of I974 (more commonly called
the Buckley Amendment). students
are supposed to give a written con-
sent to the institution involved
before the disclosure 0 “personally
identiﬁable information” is per—

3 mined. .

Instructors  some classes, at
SUNYA practice the policy of grade
posting by-social security numbers.

’Some iise;_the_. class section lists

(which alphabetizes the students in
the class. has their social security
number next tothe name and aspacc
for the grade) with the name portion
cut off and the grades filled in. In ac-
tuality this leaves a list of social
security numbers that remain in
alphabetical order.

Brown said the University must
make a change in policy before
semester finals.

“I‘m notyreally sure what the new
system will be, but the student will

Student Suspensions Doled Out Sparingly -

by Ray Wall has been cheating and plagiarism.
Marc Bencckc is the seventh stu- Every step in the student judicial
dent to have been suspended from process is designed to give the stu-
SUNYA within the past five years. dent a fair chance to express himself
“Suspension is a serious business.“ toward thejudicial body hearing the
according to Dean for Student Af- case.
fairs Neil Brown. The statistics back Brown considers each case “. . .
him up. to be very unique and all cases are
Out of a total of 4st students that treated as s'uch."
have been referred to the Student First Step
Judicial System intlie lustfivc years. The first step for the individual
only six have been suspended and no making the complaint (faculty. resi-
student has been dismissed. dcnt staff. or student) is to file a
Disciplinary suspension. us defin- SUNYA Judicial System standard
ed in Student Guidelines '76-‘77. case form withthe Ofﬁce for Student
“. . .separates the student fromthe Affairs. This is to provide notifica-
university for a stated period of tion tothe student being referred as
time." to exactly what he/she is being
At the end of this time. which is charged with and who is charging
usually one to three years. the stu- them.
dent may reapply for admission to It also provides information as to
the University. The statement. when ahearingisand whercitwillbe
“Suspension-disciplinary,“ also held., "m..." “my” M 4-?” “v”... ,1
ti pears onthc student's r5: ds or ‘ . , iv  y i .' l1“ re ptsthc case
id’ur years. lmmagﬁﬂ ’1 "Marika?!  body which
Of the six suspensions in the last hears evidence provided by both
five years. five have been for un- sides. This body then makes is
authorized entry. use of or damage recommendation to Brown.
to University property or an in- The dean may accept this
dividutil‘s property. Another cause recommendation or not.

Brown says he usually accepts a
recommendation but sometimes he
sends it back to the Judicial Board
who heard the case for reconsidera-
tion. It is up to Brownto enforce this
recommendation. if accepted.

In the case of suspension he
notifies various departments of the
fact and records it in the student‘s
records.

The student has achunce to appeal
to the Student Affairs Council to
rehear the case in light of new

evidence or unusual circumstances
that he / she felt were not considered
enough in the first hearing.

If the Student Affairs Council
does accept an appeal. any
recommendation goes to Vice Presi-
dent of University Affairs Lewis
Welch to review.

Currently the Dean's office is
preparing a five-year study of the
Student Judicial System to see if
any trends are apparent and what
changes can be made.

 
   

. Brownkalso saidthat probabl ac
tual written consent would

' -be involved. rather than conseittzby ' “

default. A student would probably
have to sign a waiver granting-the
university permission to post’ the
grades. \ ~ g

The course of action to be tinder-
taken rests now with Acting Assis-
tant Vice President for Academic
Affairs David Martin and other
academic deans. Next week. a
memorandum stating the new un-
iversity policy and describing the
Buckley Amendment will be sent to ’
faculty members.

SUC at Cortland‘s Vice President
for Student Affairs William Taylor
'rcccntly stated that the posting of
grades violated the Buckley Amend-
ment based on it test case that came
before the Department of Health.
Education and Welfare in
Washington. D.C. lnthatcasc. astu-
dcnt whose grade was posted by his
social security number filed suit and
won against his instructor for the
violation of his privacy.

Brown's concern was not the legal
implications of the violation of the
Buckley Amendment but what
SUNVA would do iibolit it.

“What we‘re trying to do here is
clarify our policy.“ he said.

SUNY Charged With Hiring Bias

NEW YORK (AP) A state advisory
committee to the U.S. Commission

wort Civil RightsJonljl'jiurlsday releas—

ed a report highly griﬁipal of the hir-
ing and promoting practices of the
State University of New York.

The 69-page study. which
represents over eight years of
dialogue between the voluntary
group and the central administration

Whaling Course to Be Offered

year. But Professor Richard Kelly.
who was to teach the course said the
breakup of the College of Arts and
Sciences into three divisions earlier
this fall delayed the coursc‘c offer»
ing. It may be offered for the spring

by Beverly Hearn

Whaling may still make it as il
course at SUNYA this spring.

The course had been approved by
the Biology Department and the
College of Arts and Sciences last

“1"...‘or-..
V IN“

locobs

Blology Professor Richard Kelly's Whales and Whaling course.

orlglnally planned'for next semester, has encountered bureaucratlo

problems. but may still be offered.

NOVEMBER 12, 1978

 

in the third supplement to the
Schedule of Classes. Kelly said.
The course was planned as an in-
. tcrdiscipliiiary look at whales. Kelly
said. and was to include a field trip to
the Kendall Whaling Museum in
Sharon. Massachusetts and a trip on
a fishing boat out of Cape Cod in
search of whales. Doniild Stnufl‘er of
the English Department was to talk
about Mohy Dick. Edward Cowley
of the Art Department was to talk
about the whale in art. ttnd Kelly was
to talk on whole bchtivior. biology.
history. music. and the lllilllllllill its a
vanishing species.
A Hobby

“It‘s been by hobby for il long
time." said Kelly as it reason for star-
ting the course. Kelly said together
with il man in Britain who is ex-
perienced in whaling he recently dis-
covered whtiling documents which
will aid the course.

Kelly said there is “it tremendous
Wealth of literature" on the subject.
However. the book he considers best
suited tothe purposes ofthccoursc is
out of print. The library's copy of
this book was stolen. was well its
Kelly‘s own personal logbook. which
was stolen when his office Wits
broken into. The book that will be
used is Whit/cs and Whaling. Other
smaller paperbacks will also be used.
Kelly‘s correspondent in England
says that the hook that is out of print
is to be reprinted by a private firm.

of the SUNY system. charged thtit
“very little progress has been made in

hiring minorities and women on 

" support of its cliiim'show'cd thatwin

professional levcl‘ii't‘SUNY" since it
first instituted its equal employment
policy in l97l. The bipartisan coin-
mittec was created in I969 by the
U.S. Civil Rights Commission and
immediately accused SUNY of “de
facto discrimination" patterns.

Thursday's report was based on
the results of years of monitoring by
the committee. one of 5| such units
around the country that make
recommendations concerning civil
rights activities in their various coni-
munities.

Franklin Williams. former vice
chairman of the New York City
Ilotird of Higher Education. said
that although there had been some
positive efforts on the part of SUNY
officials to initiate affirmative action
programs within the system. the
situation on it whole showed “no
significant improvement" and that
“very little progress hiis been made in

hiring minorities and women on the
professional level at SUNY.“ '
'_"Stntisticsu_iitcd' by the group Lin

I970 blacks licld 2.5 per cent flif
faculty positions. Hispanics 0.3 per
cent and women 20.4 per cent.
Figures for tile I975-l97o academic
year revealed that blacks make up
ll per cent of the position.
Ilisptinics one per cent and women
22.9 per cent.

In other words. according to the
study. during the five-year period.
minority l'uculty increased by slight-
ly more than one per cent while
lL'I'llilll.‘ representation went up by
only 2.5 per cent.

Williams accused SUNY of being
guilty of "widespread foot-
drtigging." calling the dillll
"disgraceful." He also asserted that
the small gains were made on the
lower-ptiying end of t he faculty spec-
trum and blamed much of the
problem on “an inadequate search
system."

Mass Flu Vaccination
Slated For Next Week

by I’lorio Sliertzer

According to Director of Health
Services Janet Hood. students
should take the vaccine on it full
stomach.

Monovulcnl swine llu vaccines
will be administered to SUNY/t
students. faculty and stuff Nov. l7-
l9. according to Student Health Ser-
vices Director Janet Hood.

Tilt: injections will be given
between the hours of 9:30 a.m. and
3:30 p.m. in the Campus Center
Ballroom by Student Health Ser-
vices Stuff and volunteers. In order
to facilitate the delivery of the shots.
individuals whose names begin with
A through I-‘ will go on Nov. 17. (i

' ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

throuin () on Nov. Ill. and I’
through Z on Nov. I9.

SUNYA will be given limited
supply of the vaccine. according to
the Albany Coniin l'lcnlth Depart-
ment. If there is ll sufficient demand.
l)r. Hood said that attempts will be
made to procure more vaccine.
However. no further cornmittment
lltls been made at this time.

Should Not Attend

An individual who has an acute il-
litcss (with or without a fever). who is
allergic to eggs, or who has received
injections within the last two weeks
should postpone their swine flu in-
jection and not attend the mass im-
inunization.

PAGE THREE

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
     
     
 

Q

.-&Ji‘u.ﬁ.g-ao‘_wa

  
    
      
       
   
     

 
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
 

     
      
  
     

WERE“, 13.....‘wW-ar

   
    
      
      
        
      
      
    
     
       
       
      
       
     
   
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
     
  
 
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
     
 
   
  
  
  
  
       
        
      
      
      
    
   

 

  
     
     
       
 
         
  
  

