  
     
   
     

   
  
  
 
 
 

... m ,4...

£L5m:lﬂ.~:r~‘.k1mrlﬁ.m.." 1.», a. w;'~1-uu——

 
   
   
    
    
    
   
     
    
    
     
   
     
    
   
    
    
   

, I, seen moms .
v Richard Stankiewicz. who recently ex-

 two’ untitled works in the campus
1 art gallery, is amember of the Art Depart-

 snd has been known in the art
world since the fifties for his metal sculp-
ture Mr, Stankiewicz began his career

‘ i 1950 and has since received much

  

"9 , ,
eritic‘e‘lacclaim. His works have found

their homes in such venerated institutes as
the Museum of Modern Art, the .
Whitney, the Guggenheim, as well as
museums abroad. The following'inter-
viewtook place on September 27 at the
sculptor‘s workshop behind the Dudley
Observatory.

Thomas: Can you trace an
evolutionary pattern in your work?
Stankiewicz: Evolutionary? Yes, I sup-
pose. It changes, and the changes are real-
ly arbitrary. so l guess it's evolutionary.
The history of my work, I think, isa little
peculiar because I never had life classes
and had never worked from the ﬁgure. in
sculpture, I went straight into, if not
abstraction, some kind of fanciful
figuration—maybe a tinge of
surrealism——and while that was going on,
I was also interested in formal organiza-
tion. 1 think probably the ideal deter-
mination in art would be a synthesis or
fantasy or message and formal structure.
From time to time 1 swing like a pen-
dulum from one to another which would
explain why, for a couple of years, my
work would look very nonobjective and
abstract and then, in another period.
would be very different. i would like to
bring the two together, but so far i haven‘t
been able as well as N like to.

Thomas: How and when did you start
working in sculpture?

Stankiewicz: l painted ﬁrst, and l was
self-taught for a period. Then i went to
New York and studied under Hans Hoff-
man(in thelate forties). During thattime
I began to slide off into the area ofsculp-
ture, little by little. until it changed from
lots of painting and a little sculpture to
the opposite. So, 1 gradually got away
from it. i often tell people that i found

 

painting too hard for me. Apparently, I
haven't got the abstract mind that seizes
the world very well in two dimensions.
Soon after that [went to Paris . . . and
I've been doingsculpture ever since. Pain-
ting was a great frustration to’me.

Thomas: How would you characterize
your sculpture?

Stankiewicz: Well, they‘re objects i
would hope would be interesting for the
way they're structured and for their feel-
ing of presence, which i think is very im-
portant. Sometimes, there is a ﬁgure in-
volved, no matter how slightly. and that
always has meaning for people.

Thomas: By ﬁgure, do you mean you
sometimes work from a model?

Stankiewicz: When I say ﬁgure, it
doesn't necessarily mean with toenails
and eyelashes. When i make a plate of
steel and put two holes in it, that, to me,
could be a figure because they could be
eyes.

‘Thomas: Given the momentous
reassessment of artistic values that has oc-
curred during the last l00 years or so—
l‘m referring to such strains as Ex-
pressionism, Cubism, Purism, Dada,
Pop, etc.——how would you define sculp-
ture as an art valid for the present?

Stankiewicz: Sculpture today deﬁnes
itself very, very. broadly. There're people
who hang fabrics from high places and
call that sculpture and there‘re people
who shine lights around in various ways
and call that sculpture. One of the recent
ways was to use lasar beams in the night
and shoot them offin a large architectural
volume. All of these things are pretty
valid because. in their own way, they do
articulate space.

Thomas: is there a connection between
what you've made and Pop Art?

Stankiewicz: When l’op was fairly new,
a number of critics and writers got into
the practice of grouping the with the Pop
artists. But I never thought i belonged to
them because I didn‘t have any religion of
the popular image—«the commercial art
image.

Thomas: But, at one time, didn‘t you

’t ennui-rd

 

“nutr-

 

   
     
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
  

make assemblages out of such things as
parts of automobiles?

Stankiewicz: Yes, but my interest in
those was more what i used to call
“contemporary archeology”. These were
things found in the heaps of today’s
civilization that I found other uses for. As
I understand the Pop idea, they want to
present the commercial, the banal, and
the vulgar image as something with value
of its own.

Thomas: Why did you leave your post
as Artist in Residence at Amherst and
decide to teach at SUNY Albany?

Stankiewicz: Actually I came to
Albany first and took a year’s leave and
then came back. I guess there are several
reasons, not the least of which is the
prospect for security in this kind of an oc-
cupation. it's interesting, and once in a
while I get a very good student. it's a treat
to be able to help a little bit and see them
come up. It’s another ﬁeld of being
creative. You sort of have a vicarious
career when you see someone take off and
develop themselves.

Thomas: Could you tell me about the
method of construction you use for most
of your work today?

Stankiewicz: I think anybody who‘s ac-
quainted at all with steel work would find
it pretty straightforward—there‘s nothing
exotic about it. l‘m using standard mill
forms—angle irons, l-beams, pipes. that

kind of thing—and this is very rigid

 

  
  

   

nil-n)”.aninterns-unusual I nit

“tin-nutrientsan

 
    
   

 

   

  

 

 

  

 
 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

material that you can't shape very easily.
So, i take it as it is (of course, I cut it and,
once in a while, can form it, but not very
much) and I just put these standard forms
together into my compositions. lt's steel
fabrication.

Thomas: What would you say the
relationship is between fortuitous events
in the production ofa piece and the finish-
ed object? Do you adhere to plans or a
mental image, or do you let the piece
evolve?

Stankicwicz: It's improvisation from
the start—4 very seldom know what‘s go-
ing to happen next.

Thomas: Could you explain one chief

 

intention behind your work? For in-
stance, are you making a statement on
contemporary life?

Stankiewicz: Oh no! It's easier to write
things like that. it costs less. People have
written that about the work I did long ago
and it always annoyed me. i don't have
any sociological or historical messages.

I like the connection between people
and objects.

Thomas: Between people and objects?

Stankiewicz: You know. you feel a cer-
tain way when you stand on a quiet
seashore, and feel a different way when
you stand next to a rock cliff. And you
feel another way in a tight space. These

‘0   A Sen-1pm,. 

 

--i.- . . .. ......

h) A Teacher

(2) A Tropical Fish

are gross instances of how youc feelings
are inﬂuenced by your surroundings. And
if your surroundings include an object.
that can influence you too. I‘ve had peo-
ple made uncomfortable by a sculpture
being behind them, as though a person
were there.

i try to eke some emotional involve-
ment out of the presence of the sculpture
in the room. But not too much. i never see
anyone break down and cry before a piece
of sculpture, so whatever emotion you
can elicit is bound to be on a pretty low
level, except from people who are ex-
tremely enthusiastic about sculpture——
they do get would up sometimes. But for
most of the world, it's a pretty low-grade
experience.

Thomas: Do you have a sense of com-
petition from your contemporaries?

Stankiewicz: No, most ofthem are too
different. If there‘s anything that you
could say about the general world of art

today it's that it‘s mutifarious: there are so
many styles, methods. materials, and
philosophies at work that it‘s very hard to
find someone to compete with, except in
terms of ideas like fame. publicity.
success. money. I suppose you get com-
petitive that way.

Thomas: Could you briefly describe the
critical reception given your work?

Stankiewicz: Well a lot of it‘s been
favorable, which l‘vs learned to get used
to. Favorable l'CVchS used to embarrass
me because, in the beginning, I got these
terrible unfavorable reviews, and my only
defense was that critics didn‘t know what
they were talking about. Then when I got
a few compliments from them I couldn‘t
go on saying that. No, ldon‘t want totalk
about the reviews.

Thomas: They don‘t affect your work.
then?

Stankiewicz: Well, when they‘re very
approving, it makes me feel good and, of

r-unw:~-ut...-. ..

 

 

I try to eke some emotional
involvement out of the presence of the

sculpture in the room. But not too much.

 

 

course, that stimulates the juices—but
not directly.

Thomas: Do you ever ﬁnd your private
creative work in conflict with your
responsibilities as a faculty member here?

Stankiewicz: it‘s a little hard to shift
gears. You work a while here and then
you go home and it's totally different: the
environmeni's different, the work you‘re
going to do is different. So, it’s a little dif-
ficult, but I‘ve been able to handle it.

Thomas: Would you describe some of
the rudimentary exercises that you

prescribe for your students?
Stankiewicz: i like to start near the
figure, possibly with a still life, or a head,
or a partial or full figure. This is a way of
introducing students to the handling of
materials—many of them are not very ex-
perienced. As you go through one project
after another, you get introduced to
several other materials and methods of
handling them. in the meantime, you
train the students to look at forms as
form. not as human figures. and to start
getting them in the habit of measuring
what they‘re lookingat. (it may befarther
from your chin to your nose than it is
from your nose to your eyes. People don‘t
always make simple observations like
that). 'I‘hat‘s one way of introducing
students to sculpture. The most impor-
tant thing is teaching them to notice
things. I try to do that, and at the same
time, cope with materials.

 

railroad

  

PAGE m, 

