 

 

 

.‘ccmment '~ to

 

 

   

 

  

contact committee

To the Elton
. Not long ago. I proposed a plan toestablish
, a student contact committee involving RA‘s

and Central Council representatives on the

quads. The reasoning behind the proposal was
that SA is eta-rently not representing the
students. ‘ ‘

It is unfortunate that the SA structure isen-
trusted to a relatively small minority. SA must
learn what others know—“Power when con-
centrated among a small minority excludes
many capable individuals from decision mak-
ing activities.“ It is not up to the student to go
to SA. It is SA's responsibilin to seek out
students's feelings.

The plan called for a contact group con-
sisting of the following:

l)0ne central council representative from
each quad.

2)0ne RA for each section

I 3)Two students from each section to act as
‘t ‘, contacts

Q The contact group would supplement the
' . .1 small amount of relations with students which

‘ the SA presently has. The individual contact
committee member will help bridge the gulf
that exists between SA and the students.

Dr. Welty. Director of Housing and Howie
Woodruff. Colonial Quad Coordinator ap-
proved the plan. Unfortunately. our SA Presi-
dent did not give his approval. citing an
alienated student body and claiming that the
SA couldn‘t possibly take on any more
responsibilities.

Disregarding the SA President‘s lack of
enthusiasm for reaching the students.
Colonial Quad had decided to institute this
program on its own. Fromthe start. the quad
residents have been both receptive and active.
and are proving that the committee can func-
tion effectively.

L The SA executives cannot sit back and re-

 

work to see them met.

ii i  this idea. it is not enough to sttend'weekly 1
meetings and then make decisions that affect

the entire student body without ever turning to
the students for feedback and input. It is time
for SA to set high goals. and for exchange.

Michael Lissner
Central Council Representative
Colonial Quad

racism rising?

To the Editor:

On August l3. I976, a group of Third
World students attempted to enter a night club
in Latham called Sneaky Pete‘s. At the front
door. the students were told “the club is too
crowded. You have to wait outside . . . "at
which point they stood at the front door and
waited for their turn to enter the club. After
various people had entered and left the club. a
man walked up to the door and asked the
group of students what they were doing. After
replying. the group was told it was not true. so
they started to enter the club. Within the
group there was one black woman who was
stopped by the bouncer at the front door and
asked for ID. She showed him three different
types of identification but he wanted a picture.
No one else in the group had been proofed.
Other members ofthe groups went to the front
door and asked what was going on. The
manager came out and spoke to the group.
when it became very clear to all that it was a
case of racism on the part of the manager.The
manager became very anyy when informed of
this. walked intothe club and called the police.
Five minutes later four policemen came and
asked the group who was using foul language.
One of the students staned to explain what
was going on. but the officer refused to listen.
The group was told to go home. but the driver
of the car they had arrived in was still in the
club; which they explained to the police who
said to call a taxi and get offthe grounds. The
result of this was that a female student was

 

 

 
  

I think I might be better suited for employ-

stroll in the carriage. We happened to pass an

 

Body, Brains, or BLT’s

by Cary Scott Goldinger education is underctnploymcnt rttthcr than

M graduation rapidlyal’l’thc-‘b i realm unemployment. But. because my fttturc was
that tile time left for ChOOSinB the diff-Wit)" 0f predicted some 20 years ago on a street corner
my WWW i5 51"le diminlSi‘inE RCViCWinl-l in the Bronx. and to please my parents uttd
thcavuiltthle alternatives. lcttnclcurlyscethat rclmivcs‘ l‘vc decidcd 10 make u reasonable
‘; thcchﬂicc i5 between workingWi'h my bOd)’ 0T attempt at continuing my meager existence as
1 WorkinBWi‘h my bruins: Since i'Vc hCCHit-“U' a student. After one year of pre-nttrscry
dent here. my bOdY has dciﬂiorulw ‘0 the school;one ycur of nursctyscltoolmne yeurof
point where I can function quite well for it kitttlcrgartcn;six ycarsnfelcmcntary scltoolut
month on only a few hours ofslccpand ucou- Its, 30; mm- ycnrs ofjunior high school; and
pic of beers. On the other hund. its Slu‘icnlﬁ. four years of college. the prospect of another
only 0" ""0 occaﬁion-‘i (i0 Wt? 8‘31 to use thl‘ "lit two. three. four or possibly five more years of
intellectual knowledge stored up inside oi 115. school doesn't look too appealing. But. lcun‘t
ttnd even the“. W0 W3 "lily “hm” ""0 “it” Of forget my destiny. Evcnso. I stillthinktltntthc
the potential we havc(tltis sometimes referred more time | spend in school, the less time |
toasa half-assed attempt). This beingthe case. spund learning,

1 finally decided that the best course of ac-
mcnt giving me the chance to explore and lion would be to take every test tltnt the
employ the as-yct-untappcd gray matter ly- Educational Testing Service (located in a lie-
ing within the depths of my mind (that's liliolts town called Princeton. New Jcrsy)has
between the cum). at". PcrhttPS- my fﬂtc Willi to offer. So. I sent mycltceks uwuyund began
ten“! Scaled Wilts “E0. by my Brtlndmolhcr sharpening my number two pencils. Littld did
while she was tttking my cousin and me fora I know whm wot; in more for me,

Three weeks ltllL‘l’ i received dozens of
acquaintance of mygrandmother's.who.after letters confirming my admissions to all the
commenting on the cuteness of the two un- tests 1 ltad applied to. and some I had rtcvcr
suspecting infants. asked for our identities. cvcnhcard 0f.beforc. Evenifldowcllonsome
Without u moment of hesitation. my grand of the tests. I won't be able to tell. because
mother replied: “The one onthe left is the doc- everything is ill a mysterious codc. explained
tor. and one onthe right is the lawyer." If my only by initials. liithcr I'm going to he in-
grandmother had considered that ltcr left was vestigutcd by a government agency. or the in~
the lady‘s right and vice verso. l WOUid bl: PI‘IIC- itials stand [for the groups lscnt my money to
ticing medicine now. and mycousin would be three weeks ago. In any event. for the next
writing this column. Little did I realize what thirty Saturdays H! be busytukingthe follow-
dcstiny had in store for me. ing tests:

Somebody once said. “To get it good job. MCA'I‘ DA’I' LSAT GRE GMAT ()CA'I'
one needs a good education." The genius who Cl’A’l‘ VAT SAT FLEX ECFMG ll’l'O ELO
said that also thought the Titanic was a good MFSB AWll NllA NFL I’GA NASA NCAA
ship, lt'ajustamyth. The onlyrcttultofugoodmNAACIt llL'li. (easy on tho-mayo).  n 

Lon top. He was unable to do that and. instead.

 

beaten by the police in front of the group of
students and taken to the station house. Her
rights were never read to her and at no point
was she informed of the charges. Another
female member of the group asked to accom-

' pany her friend, she was also handcuffed
behind her back, pushed. hit and takento the
station house. Her rights were not told to her
either. and at no point was she informed of the
charges against her.

Today. both these students face trial and
possible convictions of resisting arrest.
obstruction of governmental adminiittration.
and disorderly conduct which could mean
from 50 to 100 dollarsin fines or six months to
a year in prison. It is very clear that the situa-
tion developed due to overt racism, and it is
important that students take an interest in this
issue. to assure some "justice".

That we have a system of “jastice” which
is blind works in many cases against third
world people; and depends on money to func-
tion. Students‘ interest and motivation are es-
sential to correct this ill and will play a large
role in the outcome of this particular case. All
third world students. in particular. should
take direct action to see that this occurrence is
not repeated. It is very clear that this situation
points out some very important issues for all

~ third world people. Every case of racism which
is left unchallenged perpetuates the growth
and development of racism at all levels in the
society. America has done very little tochange
this. It is time. once again. forthird world peo—
ple to come together and attack these pressing
problems! Today it is a small club in Latham;
tomorrow it could affect each one of us on a
mass level.
Gladys Figueroa
Katherine Laureano

passing the blame

To the Editor:

This letter is in response to the sports ur-
ticles in this year‘s ASP. particularly one in the
October 26 issue. On Oct. 23. the Albany State
football team played Norwich. The author of
the article. Mike Pickarski. blames the loss on
QB Fred Brewington. Two statements made
by Piekarski blaming Brewington were: “Fred
Brewington. not scheduled to play. was then
ushered in and attempted to keep the Danes

contributed heavily to tile Dancs' downfall“.

  
 

"TRICK
OR
TREAT!"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
   
    
 
    
      
   
 
   
    
    
   
     
    
 
    
 
     
   
   
    
 
    
   
 
    
 
    
   
   
 
    
 
   
   
   
    

hmerica.

and “Every time Albany had its hands on the
ball, they seemed to turn it over to Norwich.
Brewington was the main culprit as hc
fumbled no less than three times to ha].
Albany drives.” People who didn't see the
game or who don't know Brewington are gr).
ing to believe the article and that Brew cuttst

'us to lose the game. You can't blame the

success or failure of a team on one person.
Football is a team sport and is won or lost as it
team. not as individuals. although many
writers fail to see it that way. The running
backs we have. as good as they are. wouldn't
do very well without the offensive line. anti the
defense wouldn't do well if they performed its
individuals.

Fred Brewington. contrarytotheerroncons
impression given by Piekurski. is in fact an
outstanding athlete and has contributed great-
ly to the football program. The purpose ol tho
rebuttal is to redeem Fred Brewlnglon's
reputation as a talented and competent
quarterback.

Tom (‘Icary and
the Albany State Football lcnnt

taking advantage

To the Editor:

The Young Socialist Alliance (YSA) \ttll
grasp at any opportunity to further its tl\\ll
organizational objectives. even ifit is at lllc t:\-
pense of others. Eventhough I am C(lllhltlt‘l't‘il
by the YSA to be the "enemy" since 1 illll it
democratic capitalist. I believe the HA
should publicize its cause. have its candidqu
on the ballot. and voice its opinion on
anything. that is.just so long as it is ttot ill the
expense of other lntll\ltlllill\ .llltl
organivations.

Lust semester's demonstration .ltlllllhl lllc
cut-backs at the Capitol Wih .nr . \t‘L'ilL'lli t'\‘
ample 0f the YSA's I'lldc illltl uhnsltc
behavior. One of the YSA higher-ups gill u
chance to speak. and instead ol'talltiug about
cut-bucks and how to fight them. she ltltll't atl-
vuntage of a captive audience to make an op»
portunistic. politically motivated speech.

The latest and most pronounced lnt‘ltlcnl of
the YSA‘s taking advantage of others for Its
own ends was tltc September 24th tlcntomttn-
tion protesting the arrest of the “(‘olontnl
Quad ll". One oftltethings that prutcntnl the
protest frotn being a success was lllt' pit-wow
of most. if" not all. of tile YSA IllL‘lllllL'H alto
lntttg around this campus. lhc lllllttlllltl.llt'

 

 

 

taxi- * ~

29,; .

   
   
   
   
    
   
     
    
      
  
      
    
     
     
     
      
    
     
      
      
        
     
      
       
     
    
      
  
  

I a
1““.
. \ J

at

*2.“
s

