 

1.1
l.
t
t.
if
'1
I,
i

.s.,_- _. H. J... .‘rsw‘

 

 

       
        
             
        
          
        
   
    
  

herd
The Albany herrlere are having thelr problemc the» days. Tom
they taco Army and Syracuse at home.

A Piece of Pie

Pointless?

by Mike Plekarskl

There has been a rumor circulating around campus that the football team
has lost two games and has not scored a point. Another rumor has it that the
soccer team is 0-2 and has yet to put a ball in the net.

Are we going to believe such distasteful. if not totally repugnant news‘i
Well . . . yes. But how can this be true? Both squads,we were promised. not
only were going to have winning seasons. but damn good ones.

“This is. without a doubt. the most talented team we've ever had at the
university.“ claimed soccer head coach William Schieffelin at the beginning
of the season. And defense was the only worry. “We shattered the school
scoring record last year by I9 goals and had a very successful indoor season
last winter.“ asserted the coach. But so far there are no wins and no goals.

And what of the footballteam?"I'mcautiouslyoptimistic."explained head
coach Robert Ford at the start of the campaign. Which. translated into
laymen's terms. meant: “we've got a great team and should do very well."
With a backfield ofex-l.000 yard rushcr Torn DeBlois and balfbacks Glenn
Sowalskie and Orin Grifﬁn. the Danes looked like they could take the
wishbone offense a long way. But again. no wins and no points.

What has happened to these two teams. and why‘.’ True. the schedules are
tough. But that‘s not the whole story. A look behind the scores ofthe games
seems to be appropriate.

Let's start with the Hunters. Are they really that bad'.’ In the first game they
were beaten by Southern Illinois by a 3-0 score. Terrible. right? Wrong.
Southern Illinois is ranked fourth in the nation this year and lost inthe finals
of the NCAA Division I soccer ﬁnals only a year ago.

And anyone who saw the game will agree that the Booters did perform
admirably under the circumstances. A freshman. Alberto Giordano, started
in goal and the Danes were playing without the services of last year‘s MVP.
Arthur Bedford. And in fact. Albany played Illinois evenly throughout the
entire ﬁrst half; outshooting them 9 to 8. Not one of the SI. goals could be
blamed on Giordano. who had exceedingly more difficult chances than his
opposing goalie.

The Danes were not without scoring opportunities. Simply put. they did
everything but score. Their second game, a 2-0 loss to Keene State. was even
harder to‘ swallow. Keene. last year's ECAC runnerup. scored a disputed
“offsides” goal in the first half of the Albany tilt. and a screened goal off a
rebound in the second half for the only two tallies.

The Booters outshot the hosts by a wide I9-8 margin and played
excellently on defense. But they didn't score. And this from one of the most
touted offenses in Albany history! It‘s got to be psychological at this point.
Defensemttn Aldo Sergovich explains. “The guys keep thinking ‘l‘ve got to
score the first goal' instead of playing the way they play normally. It‘s all in
their heads."

As for the football team. the problem is similar. The offense is also not
clicking. “We lack consistency," Coach Ford keeps saying. “The offensc
would be just starting to move. then somebody‘d break down and we‘d get
rolling again. and somebody else would break down.“

Defensive halfback Bill Ziemann echoes that sentiment. “Last year when
we used the wishbone, somebody would get going. This year. you can see the
guys straining to get outside. It just doesn‘t work when you have to start
forcing it." In previous years. the wishbone could be counted on to spring at
least one Albany runner for at least one long run per game. "We've got to

come up with two or three big plays per game: something that goes («40-50
yards." says Ford. So far this year. the longest run has been a 3! yard busted
ploy scramble by Brad Aldrich. Nothing came of it. Sowulskie has been
gluing Muted and Grifﬁn has yet to spring anything that resembles a long
“ﬂ tabletop. Delilah. within 4.7 yard rushing average. is doing fine
‘ II Irraulu have proven fruitless.

 

 

continued on page eleven

 

   

'   Sell‘pon   i

The Albany -~Marist — Coast
Guard triangular cross country

' meet. held last Friday at Coail,

Guard. resulted in a disastrous after-
noon. for the Great Duties. The
harriers’jbo'we'd to Mar‘ist, 31-58. and

Albany's record, after the meet'fell

to 0-3 (they‘lost their opening dual '

meet to Cortland) and this losing
streak is a new occurrence for coach
Robert Munsey. In fourteen years at
the helm. his Dane squads have
never lost the first three meets of a
season.

But Munsey is understanding. He
explains. "I have never been one to
make excuses. We're in a little over

three of their top six scorers to
graduation and for personal
reasons). '

In Friday's meet. Albany‘s fastest
runner.Chris Burns. wasturning ina
very strong performance. lending
throughthe first two-thirds ofthe 4.8
mile course. But as. he approached

the final one-third of the route. he~

veered left. instead of right. This
error forced the Albany senior co-
cuptain out of contention as he
drifted a half mile off the course.
According to Munsey. his rttnner
was not to blame. “I was outraged at

Gridders Look To Score At Broekport

by Craig Bell

The Albany State football team
travels to Brockport to do battle
with the Golden Eagles Saturday. in
what Dunes coach Bob Ford calls "a
most pivotal game.“ If the Danes
come away winners it could put them
on the road back. A loss would put
another nail into the closing coffin.

Albany will have to generate some
offense. something they have failed
to do so far in eight quarters to date.
Brockport will no doubt be up for
the contest. especially after holding
Alfred to a 0-0 tie in their season
opener last week.

The Golden Eagles line up in a
base 5-2 defense and have good size.
Tackle John Glappa. 6‘ 2“. 230
pounds. and nose-guard Don
Nicholson. 5' 8". |85 pounds. are
probably their best linemen. accor-
ding to offensive coach John Cren.
They are both very strong and quick.
Linebackers Dave Godfrey and
Andy Bolzak are both good hitters
who pursue the play well.

The Danes on offense will have to
seal the linebackers to the middle.
recognize what the defense is doing.
and have the Italfbncks block the
perimeter. The Danes‘ problem to
date has been consistency. They have
been doing some of these things on
some plnys bttt not on others.

Fred Brewington will get the call

this week to try to get the llounder- _ i

ing offense going. He will bcjoined
in the backfield by fullback Tom
DcBlois‘ and httll'backs Orin'Grifﬁn
and Il‘ony Mntyszczyk. Look for
Albanytotrytoestablishthcirinside
game. thus easing things on the

, perimeter. In addition. the presence

of'Brewington should share up the
passing game.

The Albany defense should be in
their familiar 4—4 alignment. The
defensive line, ends Marty Thomp-
son and John Adstnson. tackles
John Lawrence and Dave Mathis.
should be set after a fine job last

succumbed to Coait Guard. 3l-36. -

   

the course, itwas not rnbrked at ':
junction.” Unfortunately for the .

Danes. nothing could be done. and
Burns‘ effort-was wasted. “Even if
Burns ran true we probably would
have lost anyway. We have not
gotten. any real good combined ef-
forts.“ ‘ - j ’ .
I. This assertion by Munsey in-
dicated the lack of consistency of the
remaining barriers: Albany does not
have a strong supporting cast 'for
Burns. Mark Dalton. ajunior who
unsuccessfully tried out for varsity
the last two years. ran well and led all
Dane barriers. placing seventh out of
43 in 24.22 seconds. After teammate
Jim Ryan finished ninth, the next
three Albany'runners came in |3tb.
l4, and ISth. (The top live places for
each team are added together to at-
tain total.) Munsey is now searching
for “super performances all at. one
time“. because anything short of it
will result in a team defeat.
Besides Dalton and Ryan.
Munsey is looking l'orsolid contrub—
tions from Kevin Burnettc. Brian
Davis. Jim Williams. and Phil Sul-
livnn to return to normality  which
for Munsey is a winning season.
Williams. a freshman. has impressed
Munsey and Eric Jackson has given
indicatit'm that he will soon “break
out."

week. The linebackers will be John
Verttto and Gerry Bennett. with cor-
nerbacks l-lttrry McDonough and
Bobby Allison. The three deep will
be Ray Gay. Bill Zietnann. and Rich
Heimcrly.

Brockport runs ottt oftheir power
I and the Danes feel they must con-
tain the scrambling of quarterback
Neil Boykcns. Brockport also has a
punishing fullback in the presence of
205 lb. Dick Hill and a speedy hack
in llnlfbnck Dave Cummings. When
Boykens goes to tltc air. he will be
looking for his talented split cnd Ken
Lidge.

Tackles Mathis and Lawrence will
have their hands full as both guards
Vince DcFraccisca and Mark
Milland are good ones. Brockport's
problem last week was on the ex-
changes l'rom center as they fumbled
the ball twelve times. If they can get
this squared away they will have to
be reckoned with.

Both teams come into this game

I

    

‘ I
The Great Dance In action at recent work-out. They're ettlt tooIttng tor

 

, The failure of Albany's recruiting
system has been detrimental to the
Danes. “It is hard to replace great
runners overnight." says Munsey.
But he still has hopes for his squad.
“I think we are capable of running
better than we have been. We have 'a
tough schedule. but I'll bc'bappy to
win four to seven decisions."

On the negative side, the coach
also hinted that,'if all the runners
don‘t produce. it is conceivable that
the Danes might go winlcss;
something unheard of based on their
past accomplishments.

Albany‘s record would not be too
surprising had they not lost to Cor-
tland. Munsey lamented. “This per-
sonally set me back. Cortland was as
stunned in winning as we were in los-
mg...

The Bright Spot

The main bright spot for the
Danes was Burns. He won the 5.|
mile event in 25.58 seconds. just 55
seconds short of the course record.
The remaining Danes did not fare as
well. Davis. Sullivan. Williams. and
Dalton could only manage 5t ll. 7th.
illh. and llltlt ‘place respectively.
“Winning or losing will be deter-
mined by down below (runners
beside Burns). says Munsey. “but I
do understand the prcssurc they‘re
under."

 

showing strong defenses and
mistake-ridden offenses. Coach
Ford is looking for at low scoringnl‘~
fair. .

 

Key Matchups
Dom It’rint'onc (guard) l'.\'. .lo/m
(flap/m (lack/c). (ilnpptt is big and
strong as well as quick and should
give Ronconc trouble. Dom.
however. is a good one and has been
there before so he should be ttpto the
challenge.
Don Nicholson (center) l'.t'. Sll‘l't'
Berna/I (t't‘lllt'l‘). Should he a good
one. Nicholson is strong and quick
and lierndt is just as strong. Should
be interesting to see who controls
middle.
Murly Thompson (defensive and) v.0.
Mut‘lt' Kat'mnowit‘: (of/clarivt'
luck/e). 'l'hompson will be giving
away about forty pounds btit always
finds ways to gct‘the iob done; not
exceptionally fast or big. but always
a solid performer.

~M...,_..-1—,..r -.

I lhelr that points.

 

by Mark Greensteln

All eleven of the students arrested
at the Colonial parking lotconstruc-
tion site went before Albany Judge
Thomas Keegan and received ad-
journments in contemplation of dis-
missal yesterday. .

Kenneth Roney. the clerk of
Albany Police Court explained that
at the hearing the judge ruled the
court be dismissed in what was

  

Bulldozer operator gets e on

I "IE‘CotonialElevencet or; 

referred .to as 'ACOD. Roney said.

- “They have to keep their noses clean

and stay out of trouble until
December 25th.“

Michael Lissner. the Colonial
Quad Central Council Represen.
tative. was at the hearing and ex-
plaincd. “What happened was that
the kids went to court accompanied
by Steve DiMeo. SA President. and
Neil Brown. Dean of Student Af-

    

ak u polleo moot otudontejmb'

Bro ckport Students

by Eliot Kornl'tnuser
and Edward A. Wiesener

An error in data entry by a com-
puter operator in the bookkeeping
department of the Faculty Student
Association in March caused the
Brockport Student Government to
overspend its budget by some $66.-
000.

In order to compensate for this
error and the resulting deficit. the

BSG has been forced to take a loan

Editor's Nale: This article originally
appeared in the SUNY Brockport
Stylus.

from the FSA for the aforemen-
tioned amount. to be paid back in its
entirety over a period of six years.

Prior to March of ‘76. all handling
of BSG accounts was done manually
by FSA, who received $22,000 for
their services.

Then in March. the accounting
system was computerized. It was in
its first official task for BSG that this
new system made the costly error.

Ledger Switch

According to BSG President Eric
Gordon. “After they notified us that
they Were making the switch from

'dcmonstrntion

 

fairs. who was instructed by the un-
iversity to give a letter of leniency to
the judge. Lismer said. “The judge
had an interesting forum of universi- ‘
ty students instead of the usual
audience of muggers and rapists."

Accounts of the hearing state that
the judge called all eleven names of
those arrested andthen proceededto
read the charges of disorderly con-
duct. Surprisingly. and much to the
delight of all eleven students. the
judge gave an interesting lecture on
the rights and responsibilities of be-
ing involved in civil disobedience.

Keegan made comparisons
between the Colonial parking lot
a nd the
demonstrations of Mnrtitt Luther
King. He pointed outtbat Kingserv—
ed time injail and realized the conse-
quences involved with civil dis-
obedience.

The judge then commended the
demonstrators for maintaining a
peaceful and orderly fashion and
pointed out that this country was
formed on civil disobedience and
that it has been a part of our country
from the beginning.

The judge also commended the
Colonial eleven for disassociating
themselves from the campus
demonstration against the arrests
and referred to those protestors as
"frecbees" looking for a free
demonstration on any cause.

Steve Grant. the author of the

Overspe nd

handwritten to computer ledgers. we
decided to wait one month before
doing any budgeting or allocating.
In this way there would be ample
time for them to iron out any inef-
ficiencies or inaccuracies in the
system."

He concluded. “After one month
passed. we still had heard nothing
from the FSA so we proceeded to
assign our monies as we deemed
necessary. We still don‘t understand
why they made the switch midway
through the ﬁscal and school year.“

It was following the completion of

toe-h
Unlvorelty Potleo stand by ll arrests are made during the perklng lot

   
   
    
     
      
    
    
   

  

protect. _

original petition demonstrating the
proposed Colonial Quad parking
lot. and one ofthe students arrested.
said. “We resented the fact that they
[the Student Organizing Project]
used our names to further their own
gains.“ lie said. “It was to our credit
that we made it known to the ad-
ministration ttnd media that we had
absolutely nothing to do with the
SOI’ demonstrations.“

Steve DiMco. SA President who
was with the Colonial eleven all
along and has been ardently in-
volved to release all charges against
the arrested students said. “They
[SOP] exploited the arrest of all
eleven students who made a personal
committment for what they believed
in.“ DiMcocontinucd. “They milked
the issue dry to get feelings and sup-

port for their cause.“

“I was inside the Administration
Building talking to President Fields
and the administration. when they
were out demonstrating and getting
publicity.“ DiMeo said. “I believe
that by interfcrring with my next
issue they [SOP] may be tying my
hands again.“

Not His Style
DiMco explained that _
demonstrations are not his “style” of
handling an issue and he is more
effective dealing with the ad-
ministration than he is protesting.
According to Harvey Luft.
organizer and chairman of the Stu-
dent Organiling Project. “The SOP
is an organization investigating the
feasibility of a student union on cam-
cmm'nued on page two

Budget By $66,000

budgeting and allocating that the
mistake was discovered.

On “The Other Side." a weekly in-
terview shot on WBSU. the
Brockport radio station. Gordon
stated explicitly. “It is not feasible to
not catch an error like this if
everything was looked over proper-
ly FSA Blames Students
After the error was brought to
light. FSA blamed the entire situa-
tion on the student government.
After intense negotiations between
officials of FSA. Gordon. and other

City Buses May Soon Replace Green Ones

 

CDTA but" lltte these may soon be trancportlng SUNYA student-

oround town In place of campus buses.

by Jonathan Levenson

A formal proposal by the Capital
District Transit Authority to
possibly takeover the campus bus
service will be made within two or
three weeks. according to CDTA
Project Assistant. Jack Reilly. He
said there were several options to be
considered but a complete takeover
would probably be proposed by
CDTA.

The proposttl will be studied by a
campus committee set up by
SUNYA Acting Vice-President for
Finance and Business John Har-
tignn. The committee held its first
meeting September 23 to review the
history and cost of SUN YA campus
bus service. hear a summary of dis—
cussions with CDTA from Off Cam-
pus Association head Mike Grill.
and discussed a program of action.

“We're looking into the possible
use of buses for certain services. and

exploring vttrious ways CDTA can
take overhe bus system.“ explained
Grill.

Such a takeover “would have to
demonstrate a substantial saving
and provide comparable. if not
better service." said SUNYA Assis-
tant Financial Analyst Dennis
Stevens. Grill and Stevens are both
members of the committee.

Former Vice-President for
Management and Planning John
Hartley began discussions with
CDTA last February. Hartigancon-
tinucd the discussions when be
replaced Hartley earlier this
semester.

SA President Steve DiMeo said
the committee would consider
several additional options for
C DTA service. He said these include
more cross-town CDTA buses to
supplement the SUNYA bus service.

continued on page two

members of the BSG administration;
the loan. in its present status. was
agreed upon.

Said Gordon. “When I took office
in May, I was told that we had no
money. that we had overap-
propriated. I said we cannot oversp-
propriate if we are told that we have
x number of dollars we spent the
money we thought we had."

Had Gordon and other members
of BSG decided to reject the loan
alternative. programming in all
aspects of the BSG would have been
severely cut. Athletics. astrong point
at the college for many years. would
have been sliced beyond recognition.

Sly/us. the campus newspaper.
and WBSU. would have bad to make
major alterations in their program-
ming and scheduling. This. says Gor-
don. was the main reason for accep-
ting the loan.

In return for tbeloan from FSA to
BSG. the student government made
some necessary purchases with the
money. Five new vans have been
bought for transporting athletic
teams, BSG funded clubs. and
related uses.

Additionally. past due bills were
paid off.lenvingacleanslatetowork
with this coming year.

 

INDEX
Cluellled..

    

 1

 

M Eloettooe SIM

 

“0.!3'3

 

 

