new nominee to head the CIA

shame agency will be withouta,
director for a while. ' ‘ ' l

. . Carterspoltesman 'Jody Powell

_ told reporters in Plains. 9a.. Tucs-

day that Carter will not name a new
nominee before next week. .

Carfer's first choice. Theodore C.
Sorenson. withdrew his‘nomination
..Monday. saying that -“Scurrilo’us“

' personal attacks would either defeat
him or leave him with a narrow and
divisive confirmation. '

“Outgoing CIA Director George
Bush took’issue Tuesday with Soren-
son‘s contention that some people in
the intelligence community opposed
him" because he was an outsider.

“I was an outsider .  and l’m
not egotistical enough to think that
everybody in the intelligence com-
munity believes gas I believe." said
Bush. a former Republican con-

 Kid Porn

NEW YORK (AP) Three state,
legislators announced they will in-
troduce a bill that Would make it a
felony to exploit children for porn-
nographic purposes.
_ The measure would provide stiff
penalties for both parents and
producers and expand the present
deﬁnition to the state‘s obscenity law
to include children.

Chairman of the Child Care Com-

gressman. GOP natioital chimes
and diplomat-t the United Nations
and in China. ‘

“.But as an outsider. I was given
fantastic support. and discipline and
integrity/ of the intelligence com-
munity is such that it will support its
director.“ declared Bush after a
brieﬁng of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee. Several com-
mittee members praised Bush‘s per-
formance during his l2 months as
CIA director.

Senator Hubert H. Humphrey."
D—Minn.. suggested that Carter
keep Bush in the post until he
chooses a successor. Humphrey said
the new president will want his own
man. but I don‘t believe there's any
hurry. George had done a good job
and I am sorry to see him leave.“

But Bush toldnewsman that he
leaves ofﬁce at noon Thursday
“when I stop being paid.“

Powell said the President——elcct

an exhaustive review
Nyquistr ruled. that the

‘hastnot decided whom he will

nominate. H5, said Carter was aware
of press reports that he was con-
sidering Bill D. Moyers. a CBS News
correspondent 'who, was President
Lyndon B. Johnson‘s press
secretary. and Paul ' Warnke. a
former assistant secretary of defense.
for the job.

There also have been reports that,

Thomas L. Hughes and Ray S.
Cline. former directors of the State
Department's Bureau of Intelligence
and Research. have been on Carter's
list.

Cline said Tuesday that he had not
been contacted by Carter's people
since Sorensen withdrew his
nomination. But Cline said he.
Hughes. Warnke and former CIA
Director James Schlesinger were un-
der consideration before Carter
chose Sorcnscn.

' Schlesinger has since been named
Carter‘s chief energy advisor.

to Be a State Felony

tnittee. Assemblyman Howard
L.Lasher. D—Brooklyn. said the bill
would expand .the penal law “so it
specifically includes the use of
children in obscene performance as a
class C felony.“

Under the measure, any parent or
legal guardian who allowed his or
her child under to to perform or
engage in pornographic acts or per—
formances would. if convicted. face

 

 

BRING IN THIS AD

for Special Student Discount

on CARPET SAMPLES

 

 

 

10" ea.

with this
valuable coupon.

Make your
own rug.

Small remnants
perfect for

 your room.

. WW
Sizes starting

at 2'xl2’.

6’x9' rugs

start as low

as Sl2.00.

 

 

 

 

40  (2 blocks from Colonle Center)
489-12319ally I; Set. III-9:30; Sun. 12-5

.E'l'

4—4

‘

 

up to |5 years in prison.

The bill also would provide a
prison term of up to seven years for
any person convicted of producing.
promoting, or proﬁting from por-
nographic acts or performances in-
volving children.

Sex Proliferates

Recently. the ugly bookshops
around Times Square have offered a
proliferation of pornographic
photos and films picturing young
children performing sex acts.

“Laws governing this field are
general in nature.“ Lashcr suid."|n
.rcccnt weeks. law enforcement of-
ficials have decried the lack of
speciﬁc statutes to protect children
from this outrageous form ofabuse."

Joining Lasher in urging swift ac-
tion by .lhc legislature on the
measure were Chairman of the
Assembly. Mental Health Com-
mittee. Elizabeth Connelly. D—
Staten Island. and Eugene Levy.
RmRockland. the ranking minority
member ofthe Assembly Education
Committee..

Anderson Reacts
To State Budget

ALBANY (AP) Senate Majority
Leader Warren Anderson. leader of
the Republican opposition. issued a
subdued reaction statement which
described the budget document as
"cloudy."

Tuesday. a close aide to Anderson
said the Republicans were having a
difﬁcult time planning a reaction
because Carey's budget was
“treading on some of our territory"
with its Republican—-soundingcalls
for curbs on government growth.

‘ Ferdinand E. Marcos said

* I gfhe' termr'of its sour export

agreement with "A tea H buyers to set. a price higher. than its own

production cost of ‘ blind. Themove could mean higher sugar

sumo American consumers. Two weeks ago raw tour was selling in‘Ncw

York at aroundeightcents a and but reports .of_New Philippine notes to

China and the Somali on pus . g the raw price in New York to more than
H cents and in London to or'e‘ihan l2 cents. ‘

"Egypt suitors Two Days Oil/Bloody Blottng »

CAIRO (AP) Egyptian cities quieted down. Thursday after two days of
bloody rioting over price increases on food and other products. The riots left
45 dead and many injured. Army paratroopers patrolled districts in the
capital. where the government reduced 8 nightime curfew by three hours as
conditions improved. Alexandria. l26 miles north of Cairo. and other cities
where there were disturbances also were reported calm. Some uneasiness was
visible near bakeries as people crowded around to get bread but there were no
disturbances..'l‘he Minsitry of interior said it still was compiling ﬁgures of
dead. injured and-arrested.

Carter to Inaugurated Into u.s. Prcsldency
WASHINGTON (AP) In soft Georgia accent. uttering the simple oath set
out in the Constitution. Jimmy Carter comes to power today to lead the
nation into its third century. But ﬁrst. on his day ofthe inauguration. Carter
prayed at a specialchurch service. then walked hand in hand with Rosalynn
Carter to the White House to be greeted at the door by a smiling President
Ford and Mrs. Ford. In the amity that marked this transition. the 38th
president and the 39th. chatted over coffee in the Blue Room before driving
together to the Capitol for the swearing—in ceremony. The vice presidents.
old and new. and their wives. joined the Fords and Carters later.

Ford Denies Blanket Amnesty To Decoders

WASHINGTON (AP) Piesident Ford ruled out blanket amnesty for
Vietnam military deserters and draft evadcrs Wednesday but directed that
wounded and decorated veterans who received other—thum—honorablc
discharges have their slatus changed to honorable discharges.'Ford late last
month said he would look into the possibility of a general amnesty for
Vietnam war desertcrs and draft resistch alter he was asked to do so by th
widow of Senator Philip A. Hart. l) »- Mich.. who had supported such
amnesty. In alcttcr to Mrs. Hart today. the President said he had "decided to
maintain my position on earned clemency and hope you will understand.

ExplosionDevastates Unlverslty Building

PITTSBURGH (Al’) An explosion ripped through a classroom building at
tltc University of Pittsburgh Thursday. causing a portion fo the building to
collapse. Pittsburgh police said. Authorities said people were trapped in the
wreckage. A police officer at the Oakland station said the explosion occurred
at Clapp Hall. a classroom—laboratory building. He said he believed there
were injuries. but that he had no further information. Personnel of the
Allegheny County coroner‘s office were called to the scene.

Klsslnger Term Draws To Close

NEW YORK (AP) Henry A. Kissinger. ending his eight years ofscrvicc in the
White House and as secretary ofstate today. said he believes what the nation
needs most “is a period of tranquility and conﬁdence.“ Kissinger. in an
interview with the New York Times. said he leaves office with mixed feelings
of regret and cautious optimism. “My first feeling after November 2. was

Ione of enormous relief that l was no longer responsible for what might

happen after January 20." he said. “Now the feeling is one ofsome emptiness
because I realize that while I am not responsible. I can also not inllllcncc
events . . " ’

Gas Shortage Causes GM Plant Shutdowns
LOCKPORT. N.Y.(AP) Two plants that make radiators for all General

' Motors cars and trucks "were shut down a second straight day Thursday

because of a natural gas shortage. And there were indications that a

" continued shutdown of the plants could affect operations at all (i M assembly

plants in the nation. GM‘s Harrison Radiator Division plants here turn out
radiators and air conditioning units for all GM autos and trucks. The
Harrison plants. which employ 5.000 Workers. shut dowu Wednesday after
tis fuel supplier. New York State Electric & (ins. curtailed gas supplies to
industries. .

Bank Embozzlor Surrenders Hlmsolt to FBI

ROCHESTER. N.Y.(A|’) A former bank official surrended to the Pl"
to face a charge he embezzled 3652.000 from the Lincoln First flank of
Rochester. George J. Quay. {17. of Palmyra. formerly assistant controller at
the bank. surrendered Wednesday and arraigned before a U.S. magistrate.
He was placedtn the Monroe County Jail in lieu of 350.000 bail. Quay was
accused of taking the money between November I974 and May I976 from
bank operations accounts which be supervised. A' bank spokesman said the

{:ijﬁjrsvmoncy was detected last May during a general audit. Quay was fired
y.
l

 

 

, use TWO

 STUDENT PRESS

JANUARY 21. 1977

by “Martellof‘j

;, .The. ' .U'ni'ver‘s'ity‘ ammunin

Council voted Wednesday to recom- t

mend that SUNYA police ofﬁcers be ’
authorized to carry firearms. accor-
ding to UCC chairperso’n’Patricia ,
Buchalter. V,

The recommendation will besent
to the University Senate. which now
has the'task of reviewing the matter
and making its’ own recommenda-'
tion to President Fields. who Will
make the ultimate decision.

The vote was taken after several
weeks of discussion by the UCC. in-
cluding __t_hree open hearings held
in the Campus Center last month.

Committee Discussion

“We had a meeting and I asked
everyone on the committee to ex-
press vwhere they were on the
proposal," said Buchalter. “After
about an hour of discussion. we put
it to a vote."

The UCC voted to recommend the
two modifications of the SUNYA
Firearms Policy which have been re-
quested by campus police. The ﬁrst.
the authorization of police officers
on motorized patrol
firearms. passed by a vote of 7-2. The
second modification. authorizing
the arming of officers manning the
night desk. passed by a 6-2 vote. with
one abstention. according to
Buchaltcr.

“Now the recommendation goes
to the University Senate.“ said
Huchaltcr. “They can send it back

; V'IiyEd’ltiour‘z ,

buehmon

A Unlvorslty Communlty Council has brought University Police one
step closer to legal porntlulon to carry guns.

change it or accept it."
Buchalter believes that the open
hearings last month were valuable.
“The hearings were constructive.

One thing I learned was that there is ,
to carry rso much misunderstanding by

studentswhenitcomestoknowledgc
about campus officers. One
recommendations is that informa-
tion about this subject be dis-
seminated to the student body.“
Against Recommendation

The two students on the UCC
voted against the recommendation.
“I felt that was rcﬁcctingu great mu-

wslty

Newly-appotnted Commlsslonor of Education Ernest Boyer.

Guilty Lanlerd Fined in Fire Case

by Bryan Holzberg

One co-owncr of a Dove St.
residence wlterc four SUNYA
students were injured in a Nov. 17
fire has entered a guilty plea to
charges of violating two housing
code regulations.

This is only the second case in
which an Albany landlord has been
found guilty of code violations. ac-
cording to City Attorney John Roe
and members of the Albany Coali-
tion for Effective Code Enforce-
mcnt.

Michael Rickman was fined $200
for the violations by Albany Judge
Thomas Kecgan as similar charges
against eo-owncrs Lawrence Sloman
and Norman Licbcwitl. wcrc ad-
journed in contemplation for dis-
missal. Rickman was the manager of
48A Dove SL. according to Roe.
with Slotnan and Liebewitz “not ap-
parently strongly involved" with the
building.

JANUARY 21. 1977

The owners were charged wrth
violating a condemnation order and
with not providing a sprinkler
system or fire escape as required by
state law for buildings with more
than three apartments, Six people
were “injured as a direct result of the
violation." Roe said.

Former Utica mayor Dominick
Assaro. ﬁreman James VanVorst.
and students George DcLuca. Ellen
Deutschman. Monica Leonards and
Ralph Polk had all been hospitalized
at Albany Medical Center but have
since been released.

Roe said the owners could have
been fined fromSlOto $2000rbcim-
prisoned for 30 days or bothforcach
day someone lived in the building
while the violation existed. Roe said
such a cumulative penalty was too
harsh with the $200 ﬁne “hopefully
an effective deterrent for other
landlords."

Greg Bell of the Albany Coali-

jority of the student opinion." said
Bruck Solnick.

“I voted against it.“ said Mike
Krauis. "I don‘t believe that arming
the officers will act as a deterrent to
crime.“

In Favor

“Having seen some ofthe security
reports. I felt the recommendation is
in order.“ said Dave Long of the
Educational Communications
Center. “I voted in favor of it.“

The University Senate will meet
on the matter next month. according
to Buchaltcr.

, The proposal'tor‘allow‘bdditional
public safety ofﬁcers: to carry

:ﬁrearms'has‘ been met with'opposi-

tion by some students. As might be
expected. however. a great majority
of the SUNYA policemen apparent-
ly favoc the proposal. ’.
Eleven public safety officers inter-

' viewed recently all felt that ﬁrearms

were essential both to their own
protection and to their ofﬁcial duty
of protecting others‘ lives .and
property. ' A i ’ '

Each officer interviewed voiced

g concern about the possibility of un-.

armed patrolmen confronting a
suspect or suspects armed with lethal
weapons.

Patrolman Douglas Kern. for ex-
ample. referred to the inherent un-
certainty involved in police work as
the “potential of danger." A person
stopped for questioning. said Kern.
"Can be as sweet as pie. or he might
blow your head off."

“You don‘t know what a person's
reaction will be when you approach
him." echoed investigator Jack
Ruth.

Upon encountering a potentially
dangerous situation. it is standard
procedure for a patrolman to radio
for armed assistance. The time spent
waiting for such help to come.
agreed several officers. can seem in-
terminablc.

“Two minutes is a hell of a long
time when you‘re the officer standing
thcrc." said patrolman George

SUN Y Chancellor Boyer
Chosen as US. Ed Head

by .lonathan Hodges
and This Martello

SUNY Chancellor Ernest l..
Boyer announced Wednesday that
he will leave his current position to
accept the post of US Coni-
missioner of Education in the Carter
administration. The announcement
was made during a press conference
held at SUNY central.

Boyer will be in charge ofthe $9
billion Office of Education. one of
the three branches of the Depart-

tion for Effective Code Enforcement
called the ﬁne ridiculous as a
deterrent. The City was not serious
in prosecuting code violators. Bell
said. as indicated by the easily paid
penalty which he felt would be of lit-
tle consequence to such violators.

Roe said a suit has been started in
the case brought by attorney Donald
Sqmmers representing Deutscitman.
He would not say ifthc City was be-
ing sued for damages in addition to
the owners and Sommers‘ office
reported the attorney was on vaca-
tion.

Notice of claims have also been
filed by attorney Bart Costello on
behalf of Leonards and DeLuca. in-
dicating that they are investigating
the possibility of similar suits. Such
claims had to be filed within 90 ofthe
occurrence of damages on Nov. 17.

Attorney Paul Kietzman retained
by Polk in the case could not be
reached for comment.

ment of Health. Education and
Welfare.

Boyer said he did not actively seek
the job and only accepted the posi-
tion after conferring with HEW
Secretary designate Joseph Califano
over the weekend.

“I was impressed by Califano's
leadership." said Boyer. as he ex-
plained his reasons for accepting the
position. He added thatCaIifano had
made it clear that education will be a
high priority in the new administra-
tion.

When questioned about a possible
successor at SUNY. Boyer said. “It
would be wholly inappropriate for
me to recommend anyone."

ln listing his priorities for the post.
Boyer expressed concern for the im-
provement of the quality of elemen-
tary and secondary level education.
as well as a need to evaluate urban
education.

Boyer spoke of the equality of
access to education. which has been
a prime concern during his 12 year
tenure at SUNY. Boyer cited the
TAP program. the largest financial
program in the country. as a product
of this concern.

The SUNY Board of Trustees will
meet January 26 to select as interim
chancellor. Some SUNY ofﬁcials ex-
pect the appointment of Executive
Vice Chancellor James Kelly. who
acted as Chancellor during Boycr's
recent four—month leave at Cam-
bridge University.

Sourccs also said that the selection
process to ﬁnd a permanent replace-
ment is expected to take several
months.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

I

.tivity to "upper! , ,
that" additional firearms'are a real _ ,

need. Patrolman Jim Ready'. ,in
pointing to] photogripli of a car

found abandoned on campus; said '

the car had. been ditched by a
sixteensyear-old wanted for the
slashing of a policeman. ' '

Ruotolo mentioned an incident in
which he and his partner stopped an
apparently drunken-man who had
been driving erratically along
Perimeter Road. After the two of-
ficers asked the suspect for his car
registration. said Ruotolo. a woman
accompanying the suspect opened
the auto‘s glove compartment. which
contained a 'gun.

Ruotolo said his partner “remov-
ed the gun before he (the suspect)
could use it." In commenting on
Ruotolo‘s story. patrolman Dave
Carpenter stated. “those guys were
not shot only by the grace ofGod."

Many officers were concerned

about the amount of back-up sup- '

port available for a patrolman
caught by chance in a dangerous
situation. Public Safety Director
James Williams said that duringthe
night. which is the time most serious
crimes occur. one police supervisor
was usually the only armed man
available.

Another officer added that a

patrolman‘s ‘bcat‘ included areas.

off-campus. such as Dudley Obser-
vatory in Colonic and the EOP
center in downtown Albany. which
are out of range of radio contact with
campus security headquarters.
Therefore patrolmcn driving
through such an area cannotcontact
their fellow officers in the event ofan
emergency.

One officer admitted to not ade-
quately pursuing a man suspected of
lusts-year's rape and attempted rapc
largely because. he claimed. he lack-
ed a gun. The officcr said he had
trailed a suspicious person who had
been obscrvedi'oliowingwomen into
some woods on campus. However,
out of fear he said. he let the man es-
cape.

"You have to understand my
situation.“ said the officer in recall-
ingthc incident. “I'm in the middle of
these woods. it‘s pitch black. I know
lcan't radio back an exact location. I
lethimgo . . . Youcan‘texpect me
to confront that person without a
weapon . . . I've got a family."

A few public safety officers tried
to allay fears about their use of
firearms by comparing their own
training to that of local police. Ac-
cording to Ruotolo, while a high
school diploma can qualify a person
for the Albany police department
campus police are required to have
two years prior police experience or
two years of “police science training
in college.

Additionally. campus police must
requalify twice a year on a shooting
range for continued permission to
carry guns around campus.

Patrolman Kern added that. as so
many ofﬁcers have become ac-
customed to working without
firearms. they would use guns with
great restraint if permitted to use
them. A newly armed patrolman
“won‘t suddenly feel like Superman
and start shooting". he assured.

Kern argued that in the four years
since some public safety ofﬁcers

continued on page four

me Time" ' i “a

 

i

hem“- Lw'_—‘ll.“v—‘

.i.‘3.'

. s «.m-
a.

w a.-.

'31::  if: 4 - .p. «-

at- ..

 

