   

 
 
 

       
  

   ,fThe  presidential race has neVer before reachedsuch intensity! The candidates are
S HarryBratspiss (fat) versus Steve Evangoy (cutet). First there’s the great motorcades:

  
    
    
  
     
     
    
   
  
  
    
    
    
   
 
  
    
  
    
   
  
  
 
  
   
    
     
 
  
    
     
   

 

 

 

 
  
      
   

YEs, EVANGOY cMcus
UP,T°O, 801’ His squtsrty
MULTITUDE or= SUPPORT-
. Ens Paevmr THGHL HERO
FROM mcutqu ANY
PROPERTY Dumas!

- wrm Thain. ouuu sooisst

\\

 

 

 

 

 

 

View“; 5‘“. "‘ ‘EY 1- '
won‘t... '2‘!” 3:2. '  I ;;,~.".i‘,l’itill
- THERE'S thigh
.’ ‘4‘." *
m:

f,»
47’"
341,44? ‘

t‘

I

   
 
      

if“;

/"

W/M/ _ “r ' " i.
   I" )1 , DEBATE:

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AND iN
REbuTTAI.

I‘M THRowwa
A BEERBLAST
Au— THREE
ELEcTtoN DAYS!
72H¢WR9i

‘ YA'LL cone!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ON mesa/W, THEZ'ITH OFAPRIL, i976, THE ROOF OF DOoF
JOCK WAD COLLAPSED, ENTRAPPING THE Emma

30"" 0F VOTING STUDENTS FORTHE ELErnON'S putat-
7'0" BEFORE EVEN on: HAD A CHANCE Tb VOTE!

9 i- 
.3

  

 
  
 
  
  
 

  
  
  
 

 
 
   
   
 

AuomlN HE s". - .
mm to”: He's cm
Put-t. our race...

 

The whole story .bears a basic resemblance to the classic tale of the toroise and the bare.

So, when Bratspiss won with one vote, nobody gave a shit anyway! 5, mm. mm.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS APRIL 26, 1976

PAGE TWELVE

 

 

’5 Theiresidential Race: An  I

The ASP; as the only general newspaper on this campus, has a special obligation to

its readers when making SA'election endorsements. In addition tostating preferences.
it is “canary to explain howthey Were arrived at. Each candidate has strong and weak
points. Their respective pluses and minuses wereweighedin arriving at a decision.

The endorsement committee was comprised of seven members of the ASP staff, all
familiar with various aspects of SA. Over eight hours were spent with the candidates.
An additional seven hours were spent by the committee discussing the candidates‘

. stands and attitudes. There were “areas” in which each candidate proved superior to

the others. These Were weighed in light of the committee‘s impressions of where SA

1 needsto direct itself next year. Each of thecandidate's shortcomings Werecxtlminedto
I ascertain how detrimental they would prove to their performance in office.

' Matthew Kaufman

Matthew Kaufman is clearly not the best choice. His intentions are well placed. but
he picks the knowledge, experience and communicative skills necessaryto direct SA.

Steve DlMeo

Steve DiMco has demonstrated that he can deal with the student government
structure. DiMco is open to new ideas and would create art atmosphere of freedom
within SA. an atmosphere which would be conducive to a great amount of both
internal and external input.

But the president must be a leader notjust ii mediator. DiMco has riot shownthe
spark of an initiator: he channels ideas. he does not create them.

Stcvc DiMco would perform the function of the SA President Under him. SA
Would continue to exist —» but that is not enough. There are a lot of things SA should
do for students. beyond holding meetings and distributing money.

Jay Miller

Jay Millcrisshurp; he knowsthe internal workings of SA. he knows the issues and he
knows where he stands on theisstics. Miller is highly principled. Miller has more than a
spark of enthusiasm. he‘s got a whole bonlirc's worth. This can earn him rcspcct
amongst students and administrators. 'l'liis cart help him accompliin things and,
perhaps. change SA for the better.

litit Millct' gets so wrapped up in his enthusiasm that his perspective bccomcs
clotidcd with emotion and he loses the abilitytocntcrtain differing points of view. Atiy
such emotional outburst could destroy his i'clationsliip with an administrator or
students working with him.

Jim Levenson
1 .Ion Levenson is consistantly tll'lllcti with facts and figures about issues. l.cvcnson
shows it genuittc interest in students and student concerns. l-lc cart scnsc Wiitll issues are
important to students and can iritcrcst others in them. Levenson helicvcsthat students
aiid administrators can be persuaded with good ideas. but has thc capacity to be firm.
and seek less conventional routes. if the sit tuition warrants such tactics.

Levenson knows his stuff. bttt sometimes has troriblc rclatiiig what he knows. He
often wrtndcrs from the subject at hand. This factor could hurt his effectiveness.

SA has been spending too much of its resources internally: students have little
respect for SA and few feel it rcpt'cscnts them.

 

Overseas Opinion

  

‘ .vz-rn . . . . - . . . . . . . . . . . . . ._...,.,._.......'....._..

Klssciiger's Future
The brightest star in American policy lor iiiariy ycttls is turning. iithL‘Ycl'. litt.‘ \itlil in US
foreign policy as indicated by I’rcsidcitl l‘til'ti'h trililiiig ot the term “tlctciitc”. . has been
prompted by campaign considerations. . .Recoycry by Amcricirn societylroinrlic Vietnam and
Watergate inalaiscs has turned to thoughts about it trituic to hc distinguishctl h) stability at
home and a minimum of policy initiatives abroad.
»— Ilt't'tt: Burt/r. Div ll'itll, Iltttii/iitrg. (fur/mutt (t‘tlll.\t'l'\'lllfl't' ilrtt'lrt.
To understand Kissingcr‘s downward slide we must recall that not only i‘til'ti btit all
Presidential candidates have stated their intention to replace illltt. Aside troiii thc cltutgcs ot
authorittri‘itiiiisrn. secrecy. duplicity, and sonic mirror pcl'sontll pccudillos, lhc minor changes
against the Sccrcttrry involve his detentc policy.
tilt/um I.lll‘t‘lllf!lf, I/ (iltll‘lltl/t‘. .lII'ltui. IItl/l (flltlt‘llt'llt/t‘lll).
Upheaval In Peking
lit the Cultural Revolution the leadership was iiilllii)‘ obligcd to call in the army to restore
control. Inatiylttrgc-seulc disturbance-it would proliahly liirictodoso:rgaiu.thougli reluctantly
since the power the army acquired . , .Ied to grow political problems . . “10 Ullllm’k '5
ominous unless the demonstration of support itlt t‘hotr‘s policies are t-iiorigli to piodricr :r

“lmpl'omisc.
l'l. Iiimloti. Iz'iig/ti/iil(little/It'tti/i'nt).

ligncd by lclt-wiiig I'aity
he disrtssocitilcs hiinscll

r (‘oll'lm .tlm‘lhntgull. I‘flltlllt'ltl/ I'tni

Whoever glorifics the dead ('htiti lin~itri. although he hits hccii llllt

fuucnumriCS- detritus from the glory of thc still living Miro. Woisc. '

from lltc cttmpttign ttgttinst 'l‘cng I'lsino-ping. , ,lhis is an clcctiilyiiig I'L'\'L'ittllttll. it reveals tltc

deep fill in the Chinese Communist Party. illlti thc coiiti'oicrsy over giving priority to the class
“Tussle or to economic growth anticipates the fight over it sltcccssol‘ to Miro. I

Dar limoi/itt'gi'l, Ilt‘r/In, (it'rmmri‘(ttitli'pi'mli'nt).

Mn" T53" UDB is suddenly confronted with the loci that his citipirc is not consolidated ciiorigli

m “(mince “5 11 world power . . .lhc political clcmcnts which utttickcd Iciig and incttrit L hint

"1W9." “my Wcrc dealing with an army til grin tints lhcy coiiltl llltlllL'llVL'f as they \vishctl. iilL'

eruptions in Peking on: it concrete dciiiul ol iluit premise.
Ili't' .‘i/H'Ntl. Ilcrli'n. (ii'riiiittii (tm/c/Ii'lttli'nl).

“‘0 lrcirior accompanying the succession to t‘liori l-in-liii lis provided an inkling ot the
whim“ Cill‘lllquukc Chinii must expect when Miro dies.
>~ .S'Iittntlttttt'r l'o/kih/ittt, liar/tn. (it'rinittti'(.Sorml lh'tiim-rut).

l‘)7h Atltts World Press Rcvicw

SA needs'more than  president who wil only keep the orga'mutron in pemioy ‘

Rather. SA needs a student leader who .will'take.SA a little closer to the stu . SA A

does-not" need a president [who willistteainll'ne the internal Working. it needs-a
president who will take it in a new direction, one who can focus energies imaginatively.

Steve DiMco isireceptive, and has a ‘good sense of what is fair and reasonable.
Di Meo would be a satisfactoryrSA President. but that's not what SA needs. DiMco
lacks necessary innovation. 1' ‘ .'  ’ '

Jay Miller certainly has enthusiasm and determination, but unfortunately lacks self-
control and the ability to self-evaluate accurately. He tends to take stands and defend
them passionately. but lacks a crucial sense of when to compromise. This, and his
difficulty in organizing other people to work, makes Miller a serious riskin a position
where such abilities are of paramount importance. V

Jon Levenson, while not as dynamic a speaker as Miller. knows best the workings of
group situations. Levenson has an easygoing nature which can preseitt a viewpoint
without ruling out all others as inferior. When necessary, he can be forceful.
Levenson‘s faults lie in the presentation of his views, which are occasionally more

lengthythan required. This is a fault. one which Levenson is likely to rise above. His
knowledge of the university and SA, his abilities to excite people, and his intelligent
views make Jon Levenson a sensible choice for SA President.

This analysis is based on probabilities. It is morelikelythat Levenson will overcome
his deficiencies and improve upon his successes than it is that Miller will avoid
emotional outbursts and become an effectiVe leader or that DiMeo will add the new
ideas which SA needs.

Many contend that SA is dead wood. Di Meo lacks the spark needed to ignite it.
while Miller might start a fire that nobody could put out. Kaufman simply hasn't got
the matches. Levenson should be able to light the tire and keep it burning under
control.

The Vice Presidential Nominees

Jeff Hollander is a capable student representative. He is knowledgable about the
inside workings of SA. Hollander displays a primary interest in pursuing projects
which could beneﬁt the entire university. However. the goal of his projects would
interfere with the operations of the vice president.: administration in the office and
internal and external relations. Hollander seems dedicated to follow through on his
projects without the office. In general. Hollander has only shown that he can react; he
does not originate action.

Hollander Will do little as vice president that wouldn‘t otherwise happen. while Gary
Parker will be willing to pursue with enthusiasm the less glamorous duties of a Vice
President and yet be active in all respects. ‘

(iary Parker is energetic, and he fuses that energy togct her with fresh ideas and can
communicate t hem to st itdcnts and administrators. He has an educational background
that will aid in understaiidingthe facts and figures that involvethc administration of
the office. Though he is not familiar with the internal workings of SA. Parker would
learn quickly the details of SUNYA and SA politics.

the xiSl’sccs Gary Parker as best suited for the vice presidency because it is more
probable that ’arkcr will successfully create and accomplish than it is that Hollander
will add something significant and new to SA.

 

é mt

M A S T]! EA 1) S TA Fl?
........................................................................ ..S‘l‘t£l'llliN DZINANKA
MANAiriNi; lilil‘l‘tilt. ...SPl-ZNCEK RAaaio
News IDITIII .......... .. DAvrn Winzisuiaiia

Associm news EDITORS .................................... .. ANDREA Hitaziian. CYNTHIA HACI Nu
l’iioiiucrioN mmrrn Loursa MARKS
Assocrnii nonucrioN MANAcns  McPiriiason. ELLEN FINE
EDITORIAL PAGES miml KEN WAX
Aim 5!. rEArurirs izmroits ...................................... ..NAoMi FRIHDLANDEK, STEPHEN EISENMAN
Si-oim ruiioa NATHAN SALANT
Assoctns srons suim- MICHAEL PiakAasxi
ADVERTISING MAN/torus ................... .. . Jaititv AlriitECHT. Les ZUCKEIMAN
Assocqu onsirrisiNt: MANAGER .. ................................. .. LISA Bronco
(fi.Assrriw-oasrriii Mwu‘vn KENNETH Coaa
Business umu‘rn DANiEL O'Connoa

Eur ioii iN t'iiit,r.....

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.‘i.t'.l'f.l’!tllll managing editor: Pliil Molter

(‘uniniitm‘catioiu Dirt‘t‘lﬂr.‘ Betty Stein

.4. l'. and th'ac News tiiunagcrs: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Slit/1' ii'ri'It-rr: Susan Miller. Paul Roscnthul

I’ri'vtuir: Joyce Fcigeiibiium

lIi'l/t'ng itt'i'mttitutrl.‘ Susan Doinrcs

(‘miiposi‘ti‘on managers: 'llcn lioisen. Patrick McGlynn

"t'ml rim/rt: Lcslic Eisenstein

l'rtltlltt'llllll.‘ Jiinct Adler. l’ittty Alicrn. Sarah Blumcnstock. Carol Burger. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
llcitiicr. Mrtrge llogitrth. Vicki Kuritniitn. Kathy lam. Marc chc.Tnnia Levy. Michele Lipton.
lticti Mcrniclstciii. Jiuicl Mcuiiier. Debbie Riegcr. Joan Silvcrblatt

(imp/tint manager: Roberta (‘ioldinitii

 

Ill/Illil'ftlflllfl’t’ lLt'.l'i.\‘ltlIll.' Jerelyn Kaye
Atlvi-rti'i'ing production: chf Aronowitz. Kelly Kita. Brian Cahill. Anne Wren
Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and members of CumcraGub

The Albany Student Press iii pith/tshi-dtvcry Tuesday and Frttlay durlngthe JC/WUI year except
huh‘tlinti. Erllt ori'ttl [mllc y i.l' the responrlbl/it y of the Editor In Chlafantl subject to review by the
.llttrtheml Sta/II Malt: ofﬁce: CCJZD.’IPI¢‘I)NOII£.' 457-8892. Futidetlby Student Association. Ad-
ilrt-ss mall to: Al/utny Student PM“. CC 529. [400 Washington Avenue, Albany, NY [2222.
What this school needs is on SA President who tlu babies to holplatalll

 

 

 

 

 
   

      
      
     
     
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

     
    
     
       
 

   

