qr.

s:

 

 

Sir



 

 

by Orig Idl  ’ V

The Albany State Great Disses
varsity football team must have a
win Saturday when they play host to
the Springfield Chiefs or they will be
remembered as the first Great Danes
varsity football team ever to sport a
losing record. (The Danes were 2-4
in I970 as a club).

The two teams enter their season
ﬁnale owning identical 4-4 records.
The game means a lot to both
squads. Springﬁeld would like to
repay the Danes for a last year's 43-
22 beating. in addition to securing a
winning season for first year coach
Howard Vandersea. A victory would
provide the Chiefs with their first
winning season since I970.

So far this year Springfield has
had trouble on the road. Springfield
does not want aroad winthis year. as
all its victories have been in the
friendly conﬁnes of Benedum Field.

lnterms of comparison. the Chiefs
beat Southern Connecticut. whc
blanked the Danes l0-0. 14-7 while
losing to Cortland State. I7-I5. a
team the Danes beat 25-14.

Albany head coach Bob Ford sees
both teams as being pretty evenly
matched and feels the team that wins
will be the one that makes the least

number of mistakes. Mistakes and.
penalties have riddled the tegnt all
year. I at times causing more.
problems than the other team on the
ﬁeld.

“It's been a disappointing year."
said Ford. “for both the players and
the team." “Saturday is the last op-
portunity for us to become the foot-
ball team we arc capable o ."

Springfield will do everything in
it‘s power to make the season a dis-
appointment for the Danes.

The Chiefs run a multiple attack
featuring the running of junior
tailback Mike Lusorsa and the
throwing of marksman quarterback
Bob Weller. Lasorsu was named to
the Division II team ofthe week tw0
weeks ago for his “3 yard effort
against Wagner. The darting
tailback has gained 646 yards and
scored four touchdowns this year.
Weller has added a passing dimen-
sion to the Chiefs attack, having
completed 6i percent of his passes
for 68I yards and four touchdowns.
His favorite receiver is tight end
Kevin Monahan. on the receiving
end fourteen times for two
touchdowns. Fullback Mark Banker
iakes care of the inside game for the
Chiefs. In addition to running he is a

 

L"

i A Piece of Pic

Rankled By The Rankings

4: Mlke Plekarsld

:—

 

 

“To play good teams. or not to play them; that is the question." William
Shakespeare never said it quite that way. but William Schieffelin has been
heard to repeat something similar in the last few days. Especially since his
Albany State Boaters were eliminated from the NCAA tournament by the

selection committee earlier this week.

Sehieffelin looks at it this way: even though the Hooters had four seasonal
losses, they absorbed them at the hands of tough teams. The losses came to
Southern Illinois. Keene State. Cortland. and just recently. Brockport.
Illinois is a nationally-ranked team and the others are well-known quality

clubs.

On the other hand. a team like St. Lawrence played a schedule of obvious
relative inferior talent and emerged with a I2-I record. They are now playing
in the NCAA‘s while Albany is competing in the less-prestigious ECAC

tournament.

"It makes you think twice about scheduling tough teams.“ Schieffelin has
stated. “If we were to play an easy schedule. we'd automatically make the

NCAA‘I; I just don't think it's fair."
Thesoccer selection committee co
dyisions in New York State: I. II. and

nsists of three coaches from each of the

III. “The Division I coaches select the

teams that make it to the NCAA‘a in Division III while the Division III

coaches select the teams in Division I.

who selects them for Division II."

"explained Schieffelin. “I don‘t know

What it boils down to is that there are teams below Albany's caliber that
have moved on tothe bettertournaments. Because of this. Schiet‘felin“to

5“ to be angry.

"Maybe next year I shouldn‘t schedule Hurtwick because they're too good
a team." the coach mused. But he couldn't pull off his bluff for long. “No. we

still intend to play them. I think it's still good for the players."

But it does bring up the question of fairness. A team that does play quality
team should be rated accordingly. The Sailer Rating System supposedly
does this—by giving points for “tough” opponents and accordingly less for
less potent teams. But even that system is not working. it appears.

In the ECAC tourney. which employs the Sailer system. Hobart is ranked
first whileAlbany isteeded third. “In my opinion. Hobart is the weakest team
inthe tournament." says Schieffelin. “They haven'teven been ratedanywhere
in New York State.” Hobart has “0 points inthe Sailer system; Albany has
I58.
To Schieffelin. the seeds in the tourney are “a mystery." Why is there such
an obvious inequity in the soccer rankings? What is the answer? I don't know.
Even Schieffelin. who is on the inside of the ranking system. is unable to
explain the goings on. But must this endure? Nol Some way of overhauling
the entire system must be recommended to uccaunt for all teams; and It must
be comme'nt. Maybe are no answers now. But at least there Is
recognition that there is a problem. And that is always the ﬁrst step.

M W“ A  Against Springﬁeld

T 0 ISch String of -’ Winning Seasons

ﬁne blocker and Weller's favorits'
receiver out of the backﬁeld.

The Danes” job is to contain
Lasorsa. who has the speed to break
one at any time. and stop the short
passes to both Monahan and
Banker.

“It will take a solid group effort.”
said Ford.

Defensivcly the Chiefs are
aggressive and pursue well. They are
basically a 5—2 team but they give you
u lot of looks. according to Ford.

Outstanding Player

Roy Samuelson. nicknamed “Mr.
D". is the leader and cdcuptain of
the defensive cor ps.“Snm uelson is an
outstanding football player“. said
Ford. This is obviously true as the 6-
foot. I80 pound middle guard was
named the New England Colleges
Defensive Player of the Year by a
coaches' poll.

Lending support to Samuelson
will be defensive ends Tim Murphy,
6'4", 205 pounds. 5‘10“. 185-pound
Gregg Smith. and b‘l“. l85-pound
monsterbnck .lnck Quinn. The
Danes will have to be wary when
putting the ball in the air as the
Chiefs Bob Grout already has six
thefts to his credit.

Offensiver the Danes will have to
contain Samuelson. Ford says center
Steve Berndt and guards Bob
Sheuchenko and Dan Cohen have to
control the interior line. ' '

The Danes will. of course. run

’ r

closeoutrmsmtmg 

A Dane coach hands all to one of his players. Albany has practiced
hard thls week to eliminate mlstakes tn Saturday's game.

from their patented wishbone. Tom
DeBlois, who enjoyed the finest
game of his cnrgcr runninginsidc last
week (I86 yards). will try to
penetrate the middle of the Chiefs
line. This could open things up on
the outside for halfbacks Orin Grif-
fin. Glen Sowalskie and Dave
Ahonen. Fred Brewington will again
pilot the club with Mike Voliton and
Lynn Pinkston sharing the split end
duties.

Saturday‘sk'oiitest marks the last
time the team's seniors will wear the

“purple and gold." These guys have
meant it lot to the football program
here and they will be missed by more
thunjust the conchingstaff. 'I'hcyurc
defensive end John Adumson. half—
back Davc Ahoncn. linebacker (ier-
ry Bennett. defensive halfback Ililly
Brown. fullback Tom DeBIois. half—
back Orin Griffin. linebucker Brad
Kchlenbeck. cornerbnck and co-
cnptain Hurry McDonough. offen-
sive tackle and co-cuptttin Dom
Roncone. guard John Russell and
guard Bob Shcuchenko.

Booters 0n Way T o ECA C Tourney

by Mike Plekarsld

The Albany State soccer team
puts the ﬁnal chapter on its
I'rustating I976 season this weekend
as it travels to Binghamton to com-
pete in the Eastern Collegiate
Athletic Conference tournament
tomorrow.

The Booters. ranked third in the
tourney. will face host Binghamton
in the opening round tomorrow at l
p.m. In the preceeding game,

first-ranked Hobart will square
off agaimt fourth-seeded Geneseo
beginning at 10:30. The winner of
those two games will play for the
championship on Sunday.

Albany. which had hopes of mak-
ing the Natioqu Collegiate Athletic
Association (NCAA) tournament.
saw their hopes dashed when they
fell to Brockport by a 2-l count last
Saturday.

Coach William Schieffelin was
none too happy with the fact that
his Albany squad did not make that
tournament despite its 8-4-l record.
"All four of our losses came to
quality teams." he said. St.
Lawrence. one of the four NCAA
teams. finished the season with u 12-
I record but finished very low in the
Sailer'Rating System. it was learned”

According to Schieffelin. the
Sailer system takes into account the
quality of the opposition. not only
won-lost records. "Binghamton." ac-
cording to the coach. “has I67
points. we (Albany) huvs l58.
Geneseo has I45 and Hobart has “0
points.

Then why is Hobart seeded first in
the ECAC tournament? "It‘s a
mystery to me.“ said Schieffelin. The
Danes' coach feels Hobart should be
ranked fourth in the tournament.
not first. “At no time overthe season
did Hobart or Geneseo rank
anywhere in New York State." ex-
pluincd Schieffelin. “It defies in-
thligcncc."

As for the game itself. Schicffclin
is respectful of Binghumton‘s talents.
“They‘re good; a formidable oppo-

nent.“ ltc said. “But I think we
should beat them. We‘lljust haveto
wait and see what happens.

“A lot of our kids have had papers
and tests so they aren't goingto he in
the best of shape." the coach con-
tinues. “We have somethingto prove
and we're goingto go outand do it."

After Sunday. “the Danes make it
that for. the season will be ofﬁcially
ended for the Ilootcrs. ludoorsocccr
is all that remains and will begin next
semester.

Albany goatls Darlo Arango sets to bootth one out at the acne In
Brockport contest last wsclt.

Chapel House N uc‘leor‘Hoa'x

Yields Unexpected Reaction

by Daniel Gaines
A little after l:30 pm. on Sunday.
60 students at Chapel House were

- convinced they would all be dead

before two o‘clock.

The one o'clock mass was in-
terrupted by' an un-
nounccmcnt of im-
pending nuclenr ut-
lthk bytltc Soviet Un-
ion. and students reacted with fear
and shock. and sonic with strength.
when a skit mcunt to help illustrate
the day‘s Gospel reading became fur
ntore convincing than its creators
had imagined.

"It camc off too real.“ explained
Reverend Paul Smith. who with a
group of students planned the skit.
“There was not adequate prepara-
tion. We miscalculated." he added.

Sermon Interrupted

The first half-hour ol‘ the mass
went normally. but the beginning of
Smith's homily (sermon) was in-
terrupted by ucry of“holy shit“. One
of the ‘actors‘ inthe skit. Michael
Juliano.camc down from the Chapel
llousc inner balcony and explained
that while listening to a football
game on a radio upstairs. the
emergency broadcast system came
on to announce the attack.

"Everybody believed.“ said Tom
Martcllo. “and people started freak-
ing out—~they didn‘t know what to

News

Feature

do. I thought to myself: ‘this is it'.”

uFirst I blamed Jimmy Carter." he
added. “I thought ‘damn it. Carter
did it already and he‘s not even in of-
fice yet'.“

“Most people had an initial reac-
tion of feur."cxplnined Joyce Belza.
another student at the mass.

Duringth five minutes of confu-
sinn. students screamed. cried. and a
few uctuullv fled the building.

Different Reactions

"Someone should have been out-
side." said Ed Grifﬁn. one of the
students who had planned the skit.
“We had expected u lot ofdiffcrcnt
rcuclions; we didn‘t unticipntc peo-
plc leaving.“

Others were calm. “People were
saying they wished they'd told their
parents how much they loved them.
that they had wanted to this orthut."
said Lisa Biundo. “I felt helplcss.“
she added. “then I rcluxcd. There
was nothing I could do. I was in a
dare I sort of watched what was
going on around me."

“I don‘t think it justifies it." said
Smith. “but ldo think some students
gained something. Some said their
priority system changed."

“The importance oftoduy became
very immediate to people." said Grif.
fin. “I think this was a tremendous
statement of whatever the antithesis
of apathy is." He added that "the

 

A nuclear war boats at Chapel House Intended to Illustrate the day's Gospel roadlng was so reallstle
that It sent some students Into panlc durlng Sunday's one p.m. mass.

main point was obscured by the fears
and. later on. by the rcscntmcnt.“

Some students believe they gained
insight into what thc lust minutes of
life would rcully mcun. “I appreciate
people more.“ said Ilclru. “I wasn‘t
scurcd ot'dying: I was scurcd of living
through it. I found out I‘m realistic.“

Stick Awhile

“You could go at any time." said
Mike I’ickurski. “you should be
thinking of other people. I think it
(the experience) will stick with me
awhile.“ '

“The experiences were its in-
dividualized as the people who were

there." said Sister Helene Mailey. "If
it‘s the end . . . you can do no more
good. no more evil.“

Muny studcnts were upset that
they had been used. "It was un-
ethical.“ uttid lzilccu Duggun.

"How can you play with people‘s
emotions?" said liiundo.

"Wc Wcrc . . . guineapigs.“snid
Bella.

“I didn‘t agree with the approach.“
explained Newman Association
President Victor Patience. He felt it
was wrong to induce people to lay
bare their deepest feelings under
false pretenses. But. he added. “I un-

F our Students Arrested On Drug Charge

by Paul Rosenthsl

Albany Police arrested four
SU N YA students Thursday night on
charges of criminal possession of
drugs. The four face it preliminary
hearing today in Albany City Police
(fourl.

Police arrest records state that 25
tabs of LSD and tnorc than one
ounce of marijuana and hushish
were found in one of the suspects'
downtown Albany ttpurtmcnt.

Lawyers involved in the case said
the suspects. all males Iii and I9

years old. have each been released on
ten thousand dollars bail.

According to police records. the
suspects have been charged with a
Class C felony which carries a stun-
dill‘d maximum penalty of six to IS
years.

SUNYA Public Safety Director
James Williams. while not involved
in the case. observed that under
usual circumstances. “Nobody gets
the maximum sentence."

Williams said SUNYA students
are no more likely to receive leniency

in the courts than any individual
without an arrest record.

Linda chcnthul. an attorney
retained by SA to post bail and make
first appearances in court for
students. said the suspects‘ cuscs
were referred to at lcusI three other
lawyers. She said the four students
had 21 good case and “some charges
might not cvcn stick."

Arrested were: l’ctcr Anselm.
Dominick Kvictok. Eric Ileringuusc.
and Jeffrey Charno. All four were
busted at the basement apartment of

Four IUNVA students were arrested Thursday nlgttt In a downtown Albany residence on charges at

crtmlnal drug possesslon.

Beringuusc and Churno. located at
It‘ch McPherson ’I'crruce in down-
town Albany.

Attorncy Willium Code. hired to
represent Kvictok. noted there
would be it “potential conflict of in-
terest" if one lawyer was to speak on
bchull of all thc suspects. Regarding
the specifics of the cttsc. Code said.
"My lips urc scaled."

Members of the Arbor Hill
Neighborhood I’olicc Unit made the
arrests shortly after ten p.m. Thurs-
day. I'olicc refused tocommentasto
whether an ongoing investigation
had taken place.

()l'f'iciul arrest records indicate
that drugs were found in plastic vials
and wrapped in tin foil.

Williams said that student arrests
of this nature are not commonplace.
Ilc also noted than the activities of
Albany city police are not monitored
by SUNYA University Police. “We
don‘t look at their records and they
don't look at ours." he said.

Willinms added. "They [Albany
police] handle it all themselves." He
maintained he ltud no influence over
their operations.

chenthal said she believed that at
least one charge against two of the
students Would he dropped. She
stated that even withu guilty verdict.
imprisonment of more than four
years is unlikely.

Terrence Kindlon. the attorney
representing Anselm. said that a
preliminary hearing usually occurs
within 72 hours of the arrest. Since
his client is no longer in custody.
Kindlon said. he probably would
have no recourse against police in
this case.

dcrstood their point. It was done. in
my opinion. without the least bit of
malice or trickery."

The point was to illustrate a sec-
tion ol'thc Ilook of Mark. It is about
the end of the world. and reads in
part: “As to the exact day. or how.
no one kmth it. neither the angels in
heaven nor the Son but only the
Father knows."

Smith described the point as the
“preciousncss of time in the light of
crisis.“

“You got the gut reaction." said
IchIn. “it definitely was the best way
to get this effect."

Within a few minult" of the initial
score. a tape of Martin Luther King‘s
speech the day before he was
assassinated was played. The tape
made the people realize the situation
was contrived. “I‘ve been up the
mountain.“ King said in his speech.
“and I don't cure if I don'tget to the
other side.“

Feelings. in retrospect. vary.
“They didn‘t realize the magnitude
of thc emotions they Were dealing
with." said Murtcllo. “They totully
ruincd the day for 40 or 50 people."

“The intention was good." said
l’ickurski. "but I do question the
methods." a

"I don‘t think I learned anything."
said Duggnn. “I really didn't believe
it." She did not see how such a war
would come so suddenly. without a
precipitating international incident
or some other kind of event. “It
never sunk in.“

“I would never want anyone to go
through what I went through." said
lliundo.

Smith made the point that this
particular group was particularly
trusting; thus. the skit purticulnrly
convincing. “Michael was so
rcnlistic.“ he said. and he cited "the
total crcdibility of the worship set-
up“ as the reason why so many were
convinced.

 

INDEX
Classllled.......

Sugar and nco

 

 

 

mamudagi. ‘3- .1”

 

