      
 
 
 
 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
   
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
    
 
  
    
  
 
   
    
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

hymn-lessan

Ielow are a few if the many quemioin received front-coiling ftuhmenconceriingSUNYA.

their new academic home. They were shown toottr Quemions Edtor. Noah Tall. who supplied

the following arawers.

 

Q Having let my sightson Medical school
as the preliminary to my becoming a neuro-
surgeon. I will be taking Calculus. Organic
Chemistry. in IOI.‘ Physia. and Statistim
during my first semester. Do you have any ad-
vice for me?

Roland M.
Old Westbury. LI.

Don't worry about what to do with your
spare time.

Q: Will I be able toﬁnd myself here. cometo
better understand those around me. reach
fullﬁllment—and get rid of my bad breath?

Ann It.
Buffalo

That depends on your perseverance. for-
titude. and capability for adapting to this new
environment. We'll talk about it sometime—
rnaybe. v

Q: What‘s that tall funny lookingtube stick-
ing out of the main fountain on campus?

Fred B.

Syracuse

A statue donated by the Albany Chiroprac-
tors Association.

Q: I‘m a rather shy person. and am
sometimes lonely and depressed. I sort of
“blend in" wherever I am. and peopletend not
to notice me. Is there any hope?

Barbara C.
Hickssille

Q: My parents are very worried about me
going away to school. They‘ve heard all kinds
of stories about wild college orgies. beer
blasts. and drugs. I‘ve told them that their ex-
aggerated fears are absurd. What‘s the real
story?

Stephen W.
Rockland County

Mushy. Verbally. Old Friday rights in
the Moon: for the ﬁrst; beerblartsaettetd
on days spelled with the letter " Y': bidsorne
ﬂue blends d‘Colombl-ideusuallyevdlable
at venting machines lowed thoughoie the
campus.

Q This is the ﬁrst time I‘ll beawayfrom my
parents. and I'm pretty excited about meeting
all those ctite guys. I packed two halters.
shorts. a string bikirti. and plenty of Musk. I
realize that Orientation lasts for only two
days. so I don't want to wane any time.
Where's the action?

Lois D.
Canarsie. Brooklyn

Call me at 434-1005 after 6 p.rn.

Q. I'm thinking of majoring in computer
science. as I‘ve been fascinated by the
mechanical marvels ever since I can
remember. I read that Albany State's multi
million dollar TDR-450A. which is apable of
87 simultaneous functions plus vast memory
storage. has successfully predicted the out-
come of the last three presidential elections.
How was this done?

Linda P.
Rochester

It was made possible thanks to programmer
Ted Cowmofsky. who ﬂips a I953 Unroln
head penny. He prefers the “best-o -ﬁve
tosses“ system.

Q Before I came here. I heard about New
York State's budget crunch. and of cutbacks
in funds allotted foreducation. l waseventold
that professors were being ﬁred. Just recently.
i read of complaints concerning the over-
isolation of individual college Presidents. and
that they are frequently “out of touch” with
what‘s happening Are these chargestrue'.’ In—
cidentally. how do I ﬁnd the Administration
Building?

Emmett F.
Houston. Tex.

 

Billing acmuntant: Sue Domres
Head iypist: Leslie Eisenstein

Joan Silverblatt

 

 

Staff writers: Betty Stein. Paul Rosenthal. Sue Miller. Bryan llolzberg
AP. & Zodiac manager: Matt Kaufman

Production slaﬂ': Janet Adler. Joan Ellsworth. Judi Heitner. Marge Hogarth. Vicki
Kurtzman. Kathy Lam. Michele Upton. Janet Meunier. Susan Miller Debbie Rieger.

Advertising production: Brian Cahill. Kelly Kita. Anne Wren
Composition service: Ellen Boisen. Patrick McGlynn
Photography: supplied principally by University Photo Service and Camera Club

The ALIANV STUDENT Paras is published Tuuday and Fnthythtingthdocademtc year
except holidays. Editorid policy is the responsibility of the ﬂier t'tt Cliefotldii subject

to review by the Masthead Suﬁ. Ma'n
Albany, N Y l2222. Telephone: 457-8892

o
w

oﬂice: CC 129. [400 Wasll'ngton Avenue.

 
 

The

 

  

- “latdbotifiib'out ofWanﬂonhm
buy babel ' 'ngthsir talli to our nation’s
illustrious representatives in congress. Not
omy have Wastington officials been buying
time in the sack—hut they seem to have been
thing it withfederal money. The'uncoveiingl'
of dis iii-called sex scandal has'provlded the
American public—perhaps wrongly—with a
bit of a jolt.

Be not astonished by this Congressional
copulation America, for there k a tenable

, explanation. And were Sigtnund Freud with

in today. no doubt he'd be pointing to his
theories‘snd telling us all shot! it. If we
interpra this recent turn of events as Freud‘
would have. then we won't beso surprised the
next time we catch our Congressman between
the sheets with some hired hand.

Freud believed that every human being is
born with a store of psychic energy. something ‘
he called the libido. According to Freud. the
expression of the libidinal energy it essential
to the organism’s psychological well-being,
When the expression of the libido is blocked,
the organism experiences anxiety. Analogies
have been drawn between Freud's theory and
a plumbing system. The human psyche can be
viewed as a series of pipes holding ﬂuid under
constant pressure. If that pressure isn‘t
periodically released. then the pipes burst.

So how does all of this bull relate back to
our eminent men in Congress? Well. as the
orpnism matures. the libido ﬁnds different
outlets for expression. By the time the
orpnism reaches adulthood. libidinal energy
is largely releued via heterosexual activity.
given a “normal” course of psychosexual
development. And alas. all of these libidinal
influences are lurking in the person's
unconsciousness. motivating him to do all
sorts of weird things.

It is not wise to dwell on specifics since they
will only serve to confuse. What all this
psychoanalytial mumbojumbo boils down to
is that man needs woman. and woman needs
man. or each needs some workable substitute.
Now that includes CongressMAN and
CongressWOMAN.

Seen in the light of Freudian interpretation
what our boys in Washington have been doing
amually seems quite ingenious. Everyday they
must face the trials and tribulations of serving

: puiggpltol  their psych“, or
plumbing system. are put under an

extraordinary amount of pressure. They mm.
refrain from sexual indulgence and
concentrate on their duties as representativu
of the people. duties which often burden them
with added anxiety. After spendinglong noun
in smoke-filled rooms they need aquick roll in
the hay to relieve the pressure that has been
building up intheir “pipes”. So it appearsthat
a system for providing these important men
with that essential relief has been incorporated
into our government structure—for the good
of the American people. and at the expense of
the American people. After all, it's better to
pay their way for a lay than allow their
plumbing to come apart at thejoints. Where
would the good of red. white and blue be if we
pemiitted. our people in gOVernmeni to
degenerate into a bunch of over-anxious
madmen?

Old Sigmund probably could have warned
us long ago that as jobsin government forced
men to spend more tedious hours in
conference rooms away from their wives or
playmates and less “expressive” hours in
bedrooms. some such- system of relief would
inevitablyevolve. And we can probably expcu
other such systems to develop. serving the
needs of men and women alike. in all walks of
life where a person‘s occupation puts an
unhealthy amount of strain on his or her
plumbing and no convenient valve is handy
which can be opened to relieve the pressure.

This train of thought opens up some
interesting possibilities. American society
could be in store for some monumental
changes. imagine Lieutenant Governor Mary
Ann Krupsak in her ofﬁce surrounded by a
score of naked male go-go dancers doingthcir
act in cages strung from the ceiling. Etcn
closer to home. imagine SUNYA President
Emmett B. Fields ﬂanked by a hired harem of
buxom beauties sauntering about his off'icc.
always ready to remove anxiety that might
send him over the edge. And even mon-
incredible. imagine sexy SA Vice President
Gary Parker wearing an even bigger snnlc
than he wears now once he has a squadron of
damsels who deliver following him around the
campus all day.

Sigmund and I may be wrong-#bul if wc'ru
not—we may all be in for one hell of a good
time!

 

 

 

   

 

L

f . Albany Student Press 

 

 

 

 

 

MASTIIEAD STA FF

Enron In "In" QTIii-turn Dzmxnsx
"Im- Snrtcs Rxooto

les ----n- vas WINZELIIIO
Aloctx‘rl let IDI‘I’OIS .. .............  .... CYN'I'IIIA HACINIJ. ANDREA llnzlelo
Paonucnott Loutss Mxnxs
Amocun nonuc‘non masons ELLEN FINE. PHIL Moms
Ann heurqu lotto-s ............... .. Nxom Faieourtosn. S'reruan Eiseumrt
Swill lotion Mitts Plait/tast

  
  

 

“"‘" LB Zucxamxu. DAN GAIN. LISA human

4

 

 

 

 

"It don't really matter. what steps you chose to do.

The only thingthat matters is your attitutde!”

1

—Carly Simon

 

telethon outlet

To the editor:

Many new concepts and ideas
pertaining to education and college
life have been introduced to you
these past few days and have
probably left you with some uneasy
feelings. A great number of you will
leave this Albany orientation
worried about how you will be able
to succeed with the academiccs that
will be placed on you and at the same
time have the time necessary to be
yourself. You will not be the ﬁrst to
experience these confusing and
mixed feelings.

A good many of you will solvcthis
by following a totally self-oriented
life. which is ﬁne. if that makes you
happy. but we have found from cx-
periencc that there is a better way.
The key to our way is to get involved

coerce credence

 

__J

  

"sA: Functional-Effective:

by Steve DlMeo

How can we make Student
Association truly functional? The
best way to answer that question is
to share with you my gut feelings
on how a truly effective Student
Association ought to function. I
personally believe that Student
Association should serve a
multiple number of roles for the
student body. Unfortunately. in
recent history. Student
Association has not served the
student body in this multi-faceted
manner. Students have diverse
interests and tastes and that‘s why
Student Association should reﬂect
to the best of its ability those
diverse interests.

Student Association should be
the central coordinating body of ii”
that will occur here at the
University. The main role should
be that of chief spokesman for the
student body on a variety of issues
that concern them. This role has
been fulfilled only adequately in
recent years. The success of the
spokesman role is dependent upon
how Student Association fulﬁlls its
other roles. This is where Student
Association has been a failure.

Student Association hits
communicated poorly with its
groups and has poorly coordinated
their efforts to share the resources
available to potentially beneﬁt all
of us. Another failure is that
Student Association has never
tried to build a constituency of
support. You cannot expect that
students will rally behind an

ornnimtion which they don‘t have
any respect for. especially when

that organization has failed to
provide for their basic needs.

When Student Association
begins to build a university
constituency by improving
communication. giving students
their money's worth. and becoming
a more visible. viable element on
this campus. then students will be
more apt to vocally support their
Student Association.

A broad base ofsupport will ﬁrst
of all make us a more credible force
on campus. Second. we will be
fulﬁlling our obligation of being
responsive to the needs of the
student body. which has been
neglected. Liistly. we will have
more input into administrative
policy since we will have built at
coalition ofsupport. This coulilion
of support will make us a truly
valid spokesman of the student
body, instead of not knowing who
we really represent.

Student Association has had its
head buried in the "sandbox" and
has been unable to accurately
assess the needs of students on this
campus. All those who are
presently involved in SA will have
to wipe the sand out of their eyes
and work together for the needs of
the students. We are obligated to
give students their $66 worth
Students will respond favorably
once they see something
construdlve happening with their
dollars.

SA should become more in
novativc by working on projectsthat
will stir up some enthusiasm on cam-
pus. Only Telethon has
served this purpose of involvingthe

 

whole University community in

something \\illl|l\\lllli‘ It may
sound Ctllll). hm unohcahit ofthc
rub-ruff type of \lunl un campus

may be itlsl \\il.ll o ncudcd to gel
sludcnls lll\t)l\L’ii hi can be the
lending fort-u lll pimiding 50mg
enthusiasm lo: the l nncrsity.
Onc “tilts of .tp.llil\ :mdlack ol‘ti
sense of commuml) on this
campus. I hcilt‘w If \lt'fliicmpt to
construct illls mm of community
spirit and build lllh sensc of
belonging. then M Li|ll unite the

fragmented wumrnl‘ 0f the

student pnpulnlmil Once this
sense of conmiumh I~ huilt,1hcn
we will lime uh.” mini-havclong
hoped for mil 'lllliL‘lli power. It
is whcn pcoplr wnsc this
Ctlnllllllllli) Illlill‘ lli.il they also
achieve this il\\.l|t‘llt‘~‘ h) wmk to
make the t'i'lllllllllllly more

functional.

I would like in mm up by saying
that nothing \ufl hc accomplished
by “(tempting to no unorganized
and by rcmnimng llflgmemed
entities. If is nhcn Student
Association orgnuim sllldents no!
only on the man fluff lace them
but reaches for tiL'L'pL'f and seeks
the needs of the nudcnl body by
building it campus conunumty that
directly relates to ihcin When 5A
directly relates to slUdCfll needs.
that is when the community win be
responsive It) the llccdsofsA. It is
u give-und-tnkc meL‘SL That is
how I see SA rind its tolelo the
student body.

 

___'_,_/
Steve Dth'u u l’n'iidem of
Student Association.

 

in something other than your studies
so you will have an outlet to retreat
to when the academic pressures are
getting you down. Telethon can be
that outlet for you.

Telethon. an annual fund’raising
event at SUNYA. is held to beneﬁt fl
community agency. The proceeds of
Telethon ‘77 will gotothc Wildw0od
School, a school sponsored by the
New York Association for Brain ln-

washinterns

To the Editor:

Each semester Congresswoman
Holtzman invites 5 students to work
full-timcin ht-i' Washington ofﬁce on
legislation. research and
correspondence in addition to other
office responsibilities.

Our experience indicates that this
semester program is moi.
satisfactory to students than one
lasting a month or six weeks or only
a few days a week. The semester
program can be combined with a
summer internship. if the student
wishes.

Because our ofﬁce receives so
many applications for internships. it
is helpful if we hear from students
applying for the fall semester its soon
as possible. We require a personal
interview. if feasible. either in New
York or Washington to help uii
evaluate each application. (Among
the qualities we look for in intern

jured Children and the National
Society for Autistic Children.

The funds raised at Telethon are
the combined efforts of hundreds of
SUNYA students working closely
with the surrounding tri-city com-
munity. Ours is the largest student
run Telethon in the country. and last
year we raised close to $25,000.
Telethon is not exclusively at 24 hour

all on.
On the contrary. students work in

it all through the academic year. We
sponsor events prior to our March
Telethon in hopes of raising money
and rousing student involvement.
Students can work in many
capacities and on a variety of
committees. Among them are
"Gimmicks". which plans the special
events prior to Telethon night.
"Solicitations". which collects
merchandise for auctions.
“publicity”. and many others.

It is only through the efforts of
many that we will make this year's
Telethon a greater success than last
year's. We cnouragc you to join us
and allow Telethon to help you as
you help yourself and others.

Susan ltzkowitz and Mitch Adler

Co-Chairpcoplc of Telethon ‘77

applicants are: the ability to write
English clearly; initiative; fl sense of
responsibility: illld the ability to
work well under pressure.)

Most students join us on the basis
of n work-study or independent
study program through which they
receive some academic credit. There
are no funds available for a stipend
of for dcfruying expenses while
students are in Washington.
Students make their own living
arrangements.

Students can apply for a semester
internship by sending a letter and
resume to Ms. Judith Dollcnmayer.
Administrative Assistant. Ofﬁce of
Rep. Elinthcth Holtzman, I027
Longwortb House Ofﬁce Building.
Washington. D.C. 20515. Students
should he sure to include telephone
numbers where they can be reached
at home and at school.

Judith Dollenmayer

  
 

‘ min»... ._

This summer. like so many summers before it. many prospective SUNY underlines
making the long—or short—trip to Albany in search of guidance  perlmps.
pleasures. Some will find one.'Some will find the other. Some will find neither. V

Exatalywhatonegetsoutofhitorher r' ' _ ' I ‘ , ‘ “‘ ely?
on the individual. “What you see is what you get." so what you get depends on where 4', *
you look. So here are some tips on where soon-to-be SUNYAitesshould and shouldn’t
focus their curious little eyeballs.

0First of all. don't try to learn everythingthere it to learn about SUNYA. There isn't
anybody around to teach you that.

9 Be sure to run all of your picture taking-registration-counseling errands now.
These little bothersome tasks will seem even more aggravatingin the fall rush when the
masses arrive.

0Don't try to figure out where Jimmy Carter stands on any issues'—there‘s nobody
around to teach you that either.

0Learn from your peers. Get accustomed to meeting new people and making new
friends -— it's one of the most rewarding experiences you‘ll ever have at SUNYA
(perhaps the only one). >

0Don't waste time trying to ﬁgure out why Jimmy Carter will emergefrom nowhere
as our nation's next president. The answer to that question is right here. It‘s because

nobody knows where he stands on any issue.

Obon‘t feel overwhelmed by the university‘s size. It‘s a big place to familiarize
yourself with. but as the year goes on it gets a lot smaller (profound).

ODon't blow too much time tryingto ﬁgure out why there‘s nobody around who
knows where Jimmy Carter stands on the issues. Again. the answer is right here. It's
because Jimmy Carter doesn‘t really stand on issues. he sort of lays all overthem.

ODon't worry about classes. They won‘t be as hard as you probably fear they will be.
And besides. one can always resort to cheating. One can always get caught. too. but
that's life.

ODon't get worried about being freshmen. freshmen. The social lines between
graduating classes are not drawn dark anymore. That is to say. freshmen are no longer
treated like inexperienced. foolish. clods. They are granted a bit more respea (neglect?)
nowadays.

With these tips in mind. most young orientees should find both guidance and
pleasure. Ask for little more from your brief stay in the capital city. because it's very
unlikely that it will give you much of anything else.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

