  

 

 

 



:3,

 

r

 

 

ranizlng

  

 

'Ov‘a-I‘ Office-

'.by‘roddMllosr ~

Contrary to the self-proclaimed wisdom of

the news media and the partisan rhetoric of

7 Jimmy Carter. President Ford does have a
clear _vision of himself and the role he played

' in the American government during the past
two years. It is a yision which we. the public,

'. haye fostered through out post-Watergate at-
titude, and expectations with regard to Ford's
‘administration‘; a vision profoundlyinfluenc-
ed by the circumstances through which Mr.
Ford became President.

Usually in this country. when a person
wants to became President. the candidate has
time to : l) carefully examine the present ad-
ministration. 2) identify and deﬁne problems

' needing attention. and 3) formulate a master

'plan for a new administration to deal with
those problems. All of this is carried out in the
context of a Presidential campaign, spanning
several months. under the glare of national
attention. with daily criticism arid evaluation
from every quarter.»

PresidentFord did not have the opportunity
to plan his Administration. define its main
concerns. or even‘ benefit from the long-term
public scrutiny which shapes campaign
strategy into government policy. He was
suddenly thrust into the Presidency. as a sub-
stitute for a man who had bee publicly ex-

, posed as a liar and a cheat. Before we consider

Jimmy Carter's pious criticism. we should first
try to puts in Mr. Ford's shoes on that fateful
day in August. l974.

Here is a devoted Congressman. who
suddenly found himself sworn in as the leader
of a nation literally tottering on its feet. The
Nixon Administration was a complete
shambles riddled with resignations. in-
dictments and felony convictions The Presi-
dent. Vice-President. Attorney General.
Secretary of the Treasury Chief Domestic Ad-
visor to the President and White House Chief
of Staff had all been forced out of office.
charged with everything from bribery and ex-
tortion to perjury and income tax evasion.

_While enduring military humiliation at the

bands of North Vietnam. the nation reeled un-
der double-digit inflation and excessive un-
employment.

ln the midst of all this. everyone of us look-
ed to President Ford for guidanceand inspira-
tion. We asked him to stabilize the govern-
ment. overcome the paralysis in Congress. and
once again restore some measure of trust and
respect to the Oval ofﬁce. Very few men have
assumed the Presidency under such dangerous
and uncertain circumstances. The Civil War
and the Great Depression were perhaps the
only comparable crises that this nation has
faced; and Lincoln and Roosevelt are idolized
for the courageous leadership they displayed
in those difficult times.

President Ford was faced with an awesome
task. and he face up to it. He did stabilize the
government. stimulate the Congress toaction.
and restore our confidence and respect for the
Presidency. He began by pardoning Nixon. a
questionable decision, but nonethelessa deci-
sion calculated to satisfy the immediate need
for stability and re-orientation. Inflation has
been lowered to six percent and more people
are working more than ever before. although
unemployment is still a serious problem.

After being sworn in as the 38th President.
Mr. Ford publicly stated his intention not to
run for election in I976. At that point. be
visualized his role as that of caretaker.charged
with the responsibility of guiding the ship until
the electoral process could produce a new cap-
tain. This man had never sought the Presiden-
cy. and he probably had doubts about his
ability to fill that oflic'e. r

For two years. Mr. Ford has weathered a '

veritable avalanche of criticism. aimed at his
personal qualifications to be President. His in-
telligence has been questioned. his speeches
ridiculed and his life threatened several times.
Is this how a grateful nation should thank a
man who never asked for the job. but who
courageously accepted the challenge and
measured up to it'.’

We Americans. in all of our comfort and
security. ’tend to become complacent and
apathetic. Life goes on. and crises such as
Watergate Iind Vietnam tend to be forgotten.
Still. who can honestly and confidently deny
that this country has come one hell of It long
way since Mr. Ford took office?

 

 

 

 

 

   
    

 

ctr-Simon I HAT
giant GIFTS, hooray, vat.
courses  _ ,

   

   
 

,tradeoffi’
safety for money?

To the Editor: 1

During the past three nights occasionally
I have looked out my window on Colonial
Quad. only to ﬁnd the‘quad surrounded by a
sea of darkness.

I find this quite strange because we all know
that it is difficult to find one's way with only
the moon‘s light (if there is any) to guide us.
But. even more importantly, considering'this
day and age. society being what it is. it is quite
appalling to think that no individual is safe
outside the quad.

l have made a few phone calls. only to find
out that in the process of raping the land for a
new parking lot. power lines were accidently
cut. Howlongshouldit takcto rectifyasimply
situation like this?

But I don't want to rest my case here. When
looking at the entire lighting system on this
campus. i see that it is being used at only one-
third to one-halfol'it's potential. What the hell
is going on here? Obviously there is a trade-off
between safety and money. I would hate to
think that for a few cents per night per light.
the safety oi‘cveryone who used this campus is
being neglected.
> Why don‘t you administrators stop worry-
ing about yourjobs for once any worry about
the people who make you and necessary?

Mtirc Mucatcl

socialists
demonstrated

To the Editor:

Last Friday‘s ASP (9/24/76)carried it serious
error in it's article called "SOP I’rolcst l’urk-
itig Arrest." covering thc previous 'l'liursduy‘s
demonstration protesting the arrest of l 1
SU N YA students. The article states "Socialist
and other groups began to argue with the
demonstrators shortly til'tcrthe action bcga II."
No socialist argued with any dctnonstrators.
What arguments took place at that
demonstration were between those who sup-
ported the protest action and its purpose (to
protest arbitrary attacks ttpoii tl studcnt's right
to dissent) and those who did not. 'l‘hc
socialists thcrc (representing the Young
Socialist Alliance and the Socialist Coalition)

 

(
fairs“?
' new

lALlZEV
I

\llll were in support til tltc demonstrators and

were responsible for most of the acmai
‘picketing 'which took place.

We in the Young Socialist Alliance find this
reporting in the ASP quite ironicsincc. “there
is one tactic We keeptalkingtostudcnts about
it is independent mass action he picket lines:
demonstrations. teach-ins. etc.

We think that those who want to work
“within the system“ for social change are
naive. Those who tell ustotrust administrator
Fields and his like. are less than naive. It was
independent demonstrations. carried out in
the streets. that killed Jim Crow in the South,
It was mass demonstrations that ended iltc
war in Vietnam. We think that
demonstrations are the best wayto dci'cnd stu-
dent rights as well.

We hope that the ASP will correct its crror
by printing this letter.

SUNYA Young Socialist «\llltlltt‘c

" Fields’ University ”

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter because i ich II In
time to ask some serious questions about tho
university‘s leadership. ‘l‘hc series oi C\L‘lll\
began about six months after our next [JIL'SI‘
dent bud tiikcn over. The state had cut buck
Albany State‘s budget severely and the new
president set tip it Task Force to dccidc \tllcrc
the cuts were to be made. In a little otci .i
motitli. the twelve member 'l'ask l‘tn‘L'c L‘ttltlt.‘
back with recommendations which new llll-
mediutcly and "painfully" tlpprmctl h_\ tlic
President. This was the first act which \\.l\ w
trcmcly questionable in my mind. llmt could
twelve people itnd ii President \\ ho lliltl lit-co
on thejob for six months. do an llCClildlt' iult
in 30 days evaluating the stt'ctigtli~ .mi
weaknesses oi an entire uniicrsny'.’ Alluring-i
hundreds of lcttcrs wcrc rccciicd dclcndiog
the programs which were cut. itliltotigh 'in
lini\crsity Senate voted against lllllll) oi in
cutbacks. although many allttlttllls nonlil ht-
lcll out inthc cold. and till lioiigli Ihc bciicin:.rl
ciiccts it program like nursing hoic on in.-
comtnunity which would no“ bc lost, in.
decisions oi fields and thc tuclic \\L’lt'lili.il

cht. the President dciclopcd it numuo in:
this University which would l)t.‘\l ow our
tttailiihlc resources. and gi\c its the llL‘\l pm-
blc education. It is Iiot clear who hcipsil in.
President mitkc thcscdccisions to \t't II\ on --tt'
mission. biit it can be tissumcd tli.it In a . it}.
them pretty much on his own.

 

 

 

CVGMTUAL I
‘50 A$WWTHA BICEW
5891,? Al? AU klO OklE

 

THEREO U I ETDHBtEU
Oil ’lllEmSEQ)
OF “Fe: Ni? PRINCIPLE

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Now. this week something small happened.
yet it further exemplified the situation on this
campus. A group of students were arrested for
trying to stop construction of a parking lot
near Colonial Quad. Although the students
were promised a voice in the decision. their
opinions were ignored. the security police
moved in, made arrests and the parking lot
was begun. .

When l first began attending this school it
was called The State University of New York
iit Albany. it was thenchunged toThe Univer-
sity at Albany. and if the last year and a halfis
any indication ol'things tocomc. I wouldn't be
at all surprised to see a sign go up on
Washington Ave. in the near future that read
"Ficlds‘ University.“ It is his University now.
Although the state and the students pay the
bills here. President Fields makes all the
decisions refusing help from others. Why
wasn‘t each department cut back. instead of
the disproportionate cutbacks which oc-
ctirred'.’ The only answer is that President
Fields has forced his educational priorities oIi
illl of us. he has shoved them right doWn our
throats. And this has all gone on at a Universi-
ty which was set upto benefit the state oi'New
York. the taxpayers and children oftaxpaycrs
who couldn't afford private education.

Some concerned faculty members have
called for President Fields‘ resignation and |
now join that call. There is no rootn for
narrow-mindcdness in education. yet our un-
ivcrsily is on it course which none of us. save
one. had a voice in creating. It is as if our cap—
tain has changed course in the middle of the
voyage without consulting any of the
passengers.

For those who are content with the new
dircctioti and disinterested with the turn of
events. l ask only that you CthlllillL‘ ltow these
decisions were made and ask yourself il'this is
the way a State University. or any university
should be run.

Stephen (icorgc Schwiir/

mote rating

To the Editor:

Funny thing. I read that letter under the
‘bold‘ caption “WOMEN WA'l'Cl-l lN(i".tt)o.
It didn‘t seem to me that the writer was imply-
ing 'iinything about it direct correlation
between beauty tintl brains. simply that thc
‘sccncry' hitd improved this semester. But this
minor controversy is Iiot sullicicnt impetus ior
this letter. What I find fault with is the third
paragraph ol the letter written by "Lesbiuns
ior l‘rccdoin" (ll). It seems to me to be
pcricctly natural lor tiny person. lllillt.‘ or
Icmtilc. to have it ‘ritting systcm‘ designed to
determine the sexual ctipatihility of a potential
partner. Vocal cords and 'grcy matter". or hick
thereof. are not necessarily important
measures of ti person's sexual prowess. On the
other hand. It person's ‘ruting system‘ for
choosing a spouse or it coptirtncr in a
monogamous relationship may be based on
totally different personal traits or
characteristics. or the two 'systcms‘ may be
idctiticul. Is this it sciost itttitiidc‘ll think not.

The Ll" pose the absurd question of “why
the writer. . .omittcd the men on campus.“
Assuming the writer is a heterosexual male.
the answer is obvious.

Wltilc l do not fccl that this is the place to
delve deeply itito the psychological make—up
ofthe lesbian mind. l do not see liowa lesbian.
who may have chosen her sexual prcicrcocc
because of It general Insctisitivity of her lormcr
male sexual partners. can he "in accord with

. continuing efforts to . . . create on at-
Inosphcrc of equality between all people."
’Mun-luitcrs‘ may be too strong it label for
many lesbians. but I do think there is tit least it

subconscious undercurrent along this line of

thought.

In contrast to "lesbians for Freedom". who
failed to enumerate their vociferous tnctnbers
at the end of tliier letter. I stand alone in
tliuttkiiig you for priming this rebuttal.

Donald Kuhn Jr.

 
 

  

1
- ﬂ
UAS ugly work

To the Editor:

As a student working for U.A.S. (formerly
F.S.A.). l‘m disgusted and revolted by the
behavior ofthe students I work for. I‘m tired
of their petty complaints. I have a few of my
own.

When a U.A.S. worker doesn't measure up
to student standards. they can go toour bosses
and complain. maybe even get us fired. When
we‘re sworn at. threatened. hit. shoved and
even spit on. who do we complain to‘.’

It's not our fault there‘s nosilvcrwure. it was
all stolen the first week of classes so each suite
could have cnottgh for thcmsclvcs and com-
pany. I‘m tired of seeing supposcldy mature
adults drop their trays and kick them across
the floor loudly unnouncing“|‘m not going to
pick it up"; or feeding a stray dog so much it
throws up on the rtig. i suppose you‘re not go-
ing to clean that tip either. much less help us
get it out ol the dining room.

Booby traps on trays are Iiot funny. A
broken spoon deftly placed iii a glass ofColtc
put a food disposal out of order and flooded
the dish crew area.

And how about the gity who was so
desperate to get down for a meal without a
incalctird. lie was threatening checkers with a
knilc'.’ ()r the gtiy who was so disgusted with
dinner. he told a lincscrvcr to stick it up
between her legs‘.’

Don‘t waste yourtimc replyingto this letter.
I've heard or seen It illl. What I want to know
is. who is responsible for the behavior of the
students. so l can complain to them and get
rcsults.

Name withheld

more first aid

To the Editor:

'lhc death in the gym on September 2|
points ottl il vcry serious problem. The only
person employed by the gym with it working
knowledge ol lirsi aid was the lifeguard on
duty. Why. iii it place where there is such it
great possibility oi injury. was tiicrc no one
else knowledgeable in first aid! Five Quud is it
great orgtini/zttton; btit it takes time to reach
thc scene oi an Injury. Sometimes it few
minutes can mukc the difference. The
lilcguurds how it git-tit I'csponsibility as it is;
lltU} do not nccd the added one ol having to
administer lll'\l 2nd to Ilic rest of the gym.
illcsidcs. the only required first aid training
ior liicgtitit'ds Is (‘tirtliac-Pultniniiry-
Respiration; it tittic hour course.) We lccl that
there should be 21 person qualified in first aid
on ditty iii the gym at all times it is open.

Lissa Burger
Patricio Leonard

not SA funded

To the Editor:

I would like to clear up arty discrepancies
that might have resulted from Tuesday‘s lsriiel
committee meeting. The posters stated that
the meeting was S.A. funded. However. this
was an error in publicity. The event was of a
political tuiturc and. as we stated in ‘l ticsdtiy‘s
xih‘l’. SA. docs not fund political events. This
can be seen in the ad in the xiSPl‘or the event
which did tint state thi'l ilic program was lund~
cd by SA. . I hope this will clarify illly mis-
understandings thtit may luivc arisen.

llcne Stein
J.S.C.

 

The Albany Student Press welcomes lei/cry
In the editor. Letters Into! be typewritten.
trip/'-.rpaced. and signed. Names will be
withheld on request. Please bring or semi
It'llers to Camilth Center Room 329 by
ll/t'tbicstlrii'fur publication in the Friday
issue and by Sumlrryfor the 'l'utu'duy issue.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Petty Plog'iorisrnf 

Portions of SUNYA President Emmett B. Fi'elds‘ proposedhmiss‘ion statement are
identical to a mission. statement that was prepared last year foi- the University of
Houston. where Fields was serving as an executive vice president. BobShirley. one of
Fields‘ assistants at SUNYA. helped compose Houston's mission statement. This year
he was largely responsible for the wording of SUNYA's missionistatement.

Fields and his staff plagiarized some of the Houston document. They have openly
admitted that much. But before the good President and his'staff are led off toafuneral

'pyre. a closer look at exactly what was lifted from the Houston document isin order.
The major sections upon which the Fields mob performed the magic of xerography -

deal with the “goals and objectives for student development” and the “goals and
objectives for societal development." Someone interested in‘discovering what is truly
significant about the mission would probably label these sections Bullshit l and
Bullshit ll. Someone interested in a rationale for a university‘s existence—~any
university‘s cxistence~—mighi read them. Both Houston and Albany are university
centers. and thus both share certain purposes. Any president of any university could
have reprinted these sections for a mission statement without risking inaccuracy or
distortion.

Certainly Fields and Shirley weren‘t exactly “each becoming all he is capable of
being“ by copying sections of the Houston mission document verbatim. But they
weren't stealing the crown jewels either.

Fields and his staff could have been creative enough‘to remodel the verbose
description ofthe university‘s right to life in some other equally boring form. But they
didn‘t. They cheated a little. Maybe they should have their hands slapped and have an
"E" for mission writing placed on their transcripts. But to pursue the matter further
would be pure sensationalism. This brand of sensationalism was manifested in an
article which appeared on page one of yesterday‘s Times-Union. The article left the
reader with the impression that Fields had committed a grave misdecd. since itdid not
emphasize the insignificance of the sections reproduced. ' .

Look at it this way. Since they saved time by copying some of SUNYA‘s misston
statement from the Houston plan. they were free to attend to other more important
matters. like deciding what additional departments should be retrenched in the near
future.

Ficlds‘ mission statement.and the program cuts and faculty retrenchments that are a
part of it. raise many serious questions about academic freedom. tenure. due process.
and the general direction in which SUNYA should be heading. It is on these questions.
not petty incidents of plagiarism. that the university must focus its attention and
energy.

 

 

Quote of the Day:
We must make it decision that lights go out at 2:30 am. It is not necessary for most
people to be out that late.
—Ira Dome.
SUA’ YA I‘lum Superiniwulenl

 

 

 
 

AS

.l/rl S‘I'II [ill I) STA I‘I’

 

A Y
ST DgNT
PRES

S'riarium DziMNkA
SPENCE RAUGIO
DAvm WlNZl—ZLllliltG

EDITOR IN Cllllt
MANAGING l.l)l"'lﬂl

 

 

Nizws ionnn
Assot'iAri: NIIWS IJJITURS ......  ............................. ..CYMlll/\ HAHNLI, BRYAN HOLZBERG
Paoont'iitm Mums-i LOUISI; MARKS
AssociA'rr. PRODUCTION MANH‘” to r FN FINE

 

l(lYClE FEIGENMAUM
..........NAoMi Fltllzl)l.ANDlER. STEPHEN EISENMAN
MArrIInw KAUFMAN
MICHAEL PlEKAliSk'l
FthitI) Moses
LISA HlllNDU. DANIEL (iAmrs
Bums CAitILI.
EILEEN DUGGIN
MlCllAEL J. AItDAN

 

EinroitIAi. I’Atirs inimi-
Ants & rtArI-Itis Ioitoits
AssorIA'I l. Ants tzoiroit

SI-tnt'rs ml ioit

AssocIA‘ri, sroit'rs Linton
Al)\‘t.lt‘nSIN(i MANAr'rIK

Associxrs onsitrisINt; MANAGu
('I.Ass o-tiitAi'rnImmr-II
Bl‘blNlﬁSh mmr‘ru

 

 

 

«LI’. ck [in/im- News: Alicc Kohn. Robert Kwurta

Siq/J' lt'l'l/t'fJ.‘ Bruce Connolly. Jonathan Levcnson. Paul Roscnlhal

I’I‘l'l'lt'lt'.’ Nancy Emerson

[filling urmtnnunl: (‘urol Cotriss

I’ui'rol/ nninugt'r: liob Rubin

('inn/mxnitni managers: Ellen Boiscn. Patrick McGlynn

Coin/million production: llenc l’fciffcr. Amy Sours

Ili'm/ Ii'piil: l.cslic Eisenstein . ‘

Production: Marc Arkind. Sully Amt Brechcr. Karen Cooper. Joan Ellsworth. Judi He'itner.
Sully Jagust. Duvc Kill]. Vicki Kurtzman. Michele Lipton. Denise Mason. Debbie Rieger.
.loitn Silvcrhltitt. Laurie Studwcll. Stu Vincent. Jody Wilner

Ill/W‘rlfb’fllg production: Joyce Bella. Kelly Kita. Jitnet Meunicr. Meg Roland. Anne Wren

Photography: supplied by U nivcrsity Photo Service and members of Camera Club

ESTABLISIIED I9I6

The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Friday during rhescliool year

t'.\’t't‘[ll lioli‘tluyi. lit/iiuritilpulitgi' is the responsibility ofthe Erlilur in chief. and a“ subject to review

br lflt’ .llaslln'tirl Stu/II Main Idiot-J (uni/mi Center. Room .l29; telephone: 457.8892. Address

nim‘l ltI.‘ Albany Student Press. CC 129. I401) ll’arliingtun Avenue. Albany, New York [2222.

 

 

 

 

‘ e" «+:sua;....~.m:.....~ w. ,

name's-ail“.

    

sunk, .

