 

 

 
 

  
     
       
  

  

 
 

  
    
    
   
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sympoa'um on the Hispanic-American Woman

April 30 - May 1, 1976
Lecture Center 19

State University of New York at Albany

Sponsored by:

Department of Hispanic and Italian Studies
Department of Puerto Rican Studies

Bilingual Program

PROGRAM ~~

FRIDAY. APRIL 30

l:00 PM Welcome. Rafael Bosch
Guest Speaker: Marcia Rivera Quintero
Topic: La mujer puertorriqueiia en ios procesos socio—cconomicos del

sigio xx

2:15 PM Guest Speaker: Norma Valle
Topic: ias organizaciones de mujeres en Puerto Rico. sonfeministas'i

3:00 PM Guest Speaker: Ana Zentella
Topic: The Puerto Rican Woman and the productive process.

3:30 PM RECESS

4:00 PM Guest Speaker: Lourdes Rojas
Topic: Antifeminismo en la Iiteraturalatinoamericana contemporanea
Guest Speaker: Raquel Chang-Rodriguez
Topic: Requiem por una heroina cubans:
La canclun dc Rachel

Guest Speaker: Gloria Waltman
Topic: Female ﬁgures in the plays of
Luis Rafael Sanchez

EVENING
8:00 PM Guest Speaker: Alicia lwansks
Topic: The Chilean Woman
Cultural Program
Group: Women for Action in CHILE
Film: To the People of the World

SATURDAY. MAY l

9:00 AM Cofee and Donuts
Meet the Speakers

|0:00 AM Guest Speaker: Angel Jorge
Topic: The Black-Hispanic Woman in
Contemporary American Society

“:00 AM Closing of the Symposium
Guest Speaker: Hilda Hidalgo

LUNCH

l:30 PM Socio<Cultural Program
TEATRO BORIKEN
Page Hall (Downtown Campus)

 

 

  

 

Th _o Y Evaluation Committee of the
University Senate‘s Council oil Educational
Policy hits recommended the reinstitution of
distribution requirements. its proposal calls
for a minimum distribution of nine credit
hours in humanities and arts. nine hours in
natural sciences and mathematics, nine hours
in social and behavioral sciences, and six
hours in analytic skill develbpment (languages
ami‘ilrils‘gdposal ought to be defeated.

Somewhere along the line, liberal learning
and distribution requirements have become
confused with each other. The idea that the
university aids liberal learning by piling on re-
quirements is preposterous. Requirements
don‘t affect students alreadytakingii wide dis-
tribution of courses. And for others. re-
quirements probably make liberal learning
seem like some sort of punishment. As the
Program Evaluation Committee report notes.
“the goal of liberal learning requires a
review of the whole undergraduate ex-
perience.”

The undergraduate experience at SUNYA
has not included distribution requirements for
ﬁve years. in that time Albany has taken the
lead among the four university centers in at-
tracting high quality undergraduates.
Binghamton. BuffaloandSlonyBrook all have
distribution requirements. Albany‘s refusal to
dictate a distributionof courses is most likely a
factor in the university‘s abiltiy to boast that
its freshmcn‘s Scholastic Aptitutde Test scores
tire the third highest in New York. ()nly
freshmen at Columbia and Cornell have
higher scores.

The State University at Albany husiivcd up
to psychologist Carl Roger‘s views on educa-
tion. in Freedom to Learn. Rogers states:

[it distrust the human being then I Hum
(Tum hittt with information ofnty own chom-
ing. It‘A'l hcgo his own mistaken \l'tl_|'. [tut it'l

 CURE?  .§

trust the capacity of the human individual for“ "

developing his own potentiality then ‘I am
provide him with many opportunities antiper-
mit hint to choose hiw own way and his own
direction.

indeed. one of the beauties of SUNYA is that
undergraduates can shape a course of study as

traditional or as avant garde as they please. .

How can anyone be well-rounded who hasn’t
learned to choose wisely'.’

In its report. the Program Evaluation Com~
mittec refers to findings by the Office of Un-
dergraduate Studies that there is a lack of
weii-roundcdncss among undergradatcs.
Reportedly. English majors who began as
freshmen at Albany and graduated in I975
took only about six percent of credits in
science and math. At the same time physics
and chemistry majors took only about five
percent of credits in social science. Under the
proposed distribution requirement these
students would have totake sevenand one half
percent of credits. respectively—a small
difference. lint apparently. the Program
Evaluation Committee finds it inadvisable to
impose a stricter reqttircrnent that would
change things significantly. Why rely on re-
quircmcnts at all'!

The Committee for Undergraduate Re-
quirement Elimination (CURE) is credited
with luuing led this camptts‘s anti~
requirement movement in 19694970. In its
nineteen page statement. entitled The CUR/5
RtllfttiitI/l'. the cotnrnittec describes how dis-
tribution requirements hinder the educational
process. Quoting W. Donald Bowles of
Columbia iiniycrsity. CURE notes that re-
quircmcuts create captiw audiences which
result in the corruption of st udcnts and fucui‘
ty. "not to mention administrations which
often use such courses to ‘nuttutge' enroll-
ment." CllRi: suggests that it student will try
to beat the system in order to complete it re-
quircd course that is “not only personally Ull-

. ty in grading. in effect. requirements move us

_ C
expand his search for courses ‘with‘tiie east
work, and for instructors best known for laxi-

farthc'r away from the ideal system in which ’
the student chooses a course based on its in-.
trinsic value. ' " _ '

According to CURE. before Albany‘s re-
quirements were dropped. a growing number
of facultywere becoming‘tired of havingtheir
lower-level courses turned into mock-courses
by ‘deadwood’.“ Perhaps by “deadwood” the
faculty meant those humanities and social
science majors who are afraid of the ﬁguring
and memorization they associate with the
science and math area. Or maybe they were
referring to those math and science students
who fear the ordeal of writing papers and
plowing through exhaustive reading lists.
Whomevcr they meant. distribution re-
quirements were evidently not accepted as the
way to correct this problem.

Yet we must find ways to foster liberal lear-
ning iii this university. The Program Evalua-
tion Committee‘s suggestion that there be a
review ofthe whole undergraduate experience
is a good one. But such a study will not un-
cover meaningful ways to realize the goal of
Iiberalitjng icarnin‘g here if it fails to disavow
outdated notions. it is at best inconsistent for
the Program evaluation Committee to
propose the new requirements before the
study it suggests is undertaken. Such a study
might take several directions.

On March |2. the Albany Student Press
reported that the Dean of Undergraduate
Studies had spent 3i L900 developing the study
to gattgc the extent of undergraduate course
distribution. Reportedly. the “whole project
annually costs on the order of $600—70t.“

Rather than merely quantifying the lack of
\vell-roundedncss. a more constructive ap-
proach would aim at dctcrminingjust what
social science courses attracted those physics

' ‘merely do  discourage crt . , :
ment but they offer‘ honors to men to; _

       

virtue.-“ In this spirit honorary societies  a

Phi Beta Kappa already “invite” student! ,0 ;

select a broad, choice'jof'courttes. All con-
didates are screened not only for high grades

but for breadth of study as well; The university '

should ﬁnd other ways to honor students who

take it upon themselves to completea wide dis.

tribution of courses. -

If we gave it enough thought. we eoitl
probably come up with several more ways of
encouraging liberal learning. CURE suggests
that the undergraduate bulletin list a
recommended course distribution for students
who are undecided on a field of study or who
wish to pursue a course of liberal arts and
sciences in addition to their major. Academic
advisement. soon to be restructured, should
provide encouragement and information
along these lines.

We at the State University at Albany should
view freedom of choice as an avenue to liberal
learning. Ultimately. the student who is forced
to take unwanted courses won‘t be any better
rounded that the student who didn‘t take the
courses at all. Rather than inspiring a love of
liberal learning. a distrubtion requirement is
tnore likely to encourage students to cut
acudmeic corners. Alternatives exist. but they
have yet to be explored. The proposed
regulations are reminiscent of the days when
dormitory curfcws and the prohibition of
alcoholic beverages characterized campus life.
That‘s no way to greet the next group of
freshmen. the Class of I980.

Ira Zimmerman is a member of University
Senate

 

 

in CC. 315

 

funded by student association

APRIL 26, 1976

Elections for

Glass Officers
of the

Glass of i979
will be held

Tuesday April 27
from 8:30 to 10:30 pm.

the assembly as a whole.

for further

 

or 7-6543 Student Association Ofﬁce

Student Association Election Commission

 

Nine Class Councilmen will be elected from

select from among themselves a Chairman, Vice
Chairman, Secretary and Treasurer.

The remaining ﬁve will then be Councilmen
at Large. Only dues paying members of the Class
of ’79 will be permitted to vote.

Class members are strongly urged to attend.

information call 7-8979 Elections Commissioner

Those nine will then

Neil J. O’Connor

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE FIFTEEN

  

 
        
    

 
 

  
       
  
  

it's

 

