    
 
      

 

 

 

 

Mg“...
-._.... .4. ~

‘3’ A.

‘ t
r. :xAm-rzzi

V'. 

    
 

mt. mm ‘ I :
' Following the demonstration on March l6. »

I wrote Governor Carey. informing him that”. -

to thebest of my knowledge. titre were no
SUNYA students involvcd'in the acts of
. vundelism which occurr .at the capitol. I
received his response today. and I thought I'd
share it with you: ' '

’ Dear Mr. Parker: .

I appreciate receiving your recent cor-
respondence concerning the March I 6th stu-
dent demonstration at the Capitol. It was. in-
deed. unfortunate such a large group of
responsible and concerned students should be
tainted by the irresponsible actioru of a few.

I commend youfor yourthoughtfulness and
consideration and would appreciate your can-
veying my thoughts to the student body of the
State University of New York at Albany.

Sincerely.
Hugh Carey

volleying back

To the Editor:

I am writing in response to the article that
appeared in your paper concerning the
volleyball team. written by Dave levy. lthink
the impression was given that the volleyball
team was on the brink of folding because of
lack of participative interest. This is definitely
not the situationthat exists. I cannot speakfor
the men's team. but as forthe women‘s team.
the turnout was one of the highest for the
women's sports. The only interest that we lack
is a fan interest. and that. I feel, is largely due
to a lack of knowledge of our existence. We
are alive. and well. and strong. and we did hold
the best record.

' Judith Ann Leikkancn
Captain. Women‘s Volleyball Team

more teachers

To the Editor:

As we look back historically and notethe

change that has taken place in the teaching

" profession. we see that the functions and
responsibilities of the teacher have vastly in-
creased. Thc methods. the philosophy. and the
professional standards which make teaching
what it is today are afar cry from the colonial
schoolmaster.

Since the college teacher works with adults.
he need not be too familiar withthe intricacies
of child growth and development or with
educational methods —- unless he decides to
make child or educational psycholggy his
specialty.

The college teacher. ﬁrst and foremost.
must be expert in some specialized ﬁeld of
knowledge. The college history teacher islike-
ly to bc a well-known historian; the physics
teacher may be a research scientist; the
sociology instructor, an expert in juvenile
delinquency. .

College teachers are expected to make
scholarly contributions to their ﬁeld. They
.must. therefore. like research and writing since
large measures of their professional advance-
ment will depend on their ability' with these‘
skills. They will be expected to keep pace with
new developments in their ﬁelds. and they will
bcjutlgcd by their colleagues on the basis of
the original argicles. research papers. and
books they publish.

But, here lies the fact that all college
teachers must fact: it must"be clearly un-
derstood that goudtcachingin college is essen-
tial. as it is in high school or in elementary

PAGE TWELVE

corms I i I  {f  

.Coll

. ' Gary Parker

   
 
 

pate . professor emeritus of Teachers
cge. Colpinbia Univesity. was a teacher.
the students flocked to him In droves. He was

calledthc “million dollar professor" 

in the 27 years he taught at Teachers College
the 34.000 students who came to him from 60
countries paid the college $1,000,000 in fees!
His clam were so large that he had to move

out 'of the classroom and go to thecollegc.

auditoriumlg

The author (Kilpatrick) took several
courses with him and can vouch’t‘or his talents.
He could teachl What he had to say was said
so clearly. so concisely, so effectively. that you
had no difficulty in keeping up with his ideas.
He had a well‘modulsted voice. His
arguments were concise and orderly. He had
inﬁnite patience. and a world of tact. skill. and
understanding. At no time did he lose his
temper or belittle his students. He took hisjob
seriously. but he had aﬁne sense of humor and
knew when to laugh. He was always well-
prepared and did more than read from musty.
yellowed notes. His subject became alive ~—
and so did he. When you walked into Dr.
Kilpatrick‘s room, you felt inspired. You
wanted to go out. and become a teacher. too.
He ﬁlled you with enthusiasm and inspired
you to greater efforts. He was a great teacher.
Are most of our professors like that?

Not all teachers can be Kilpatricks. But all of
us. whether we aspire to teach on the elemen-
tary, high school. or college levels. can prepare
ourselves to do a goodjob. As I‘m planningto
become a college teacher. I do not believe in
just research and writing. I believe that I must
teach well. too. For teaching on every level re-
quires hard preparation and a mastery of
much knowledge and information.

Faculty — student relationships vary from
college to college». In the larger colleges and

universities like here. teacher —~ student
relationships are impersonal and formal. since
the teacher in such institutions probably leads
a busy doublc life as scientist or scholar and
teacher. In the smaller colleges. where both
teacher and students live and work in the same
community. there is more chance for infor-
mality and friendship outside the classroom.

The main reason for this article is to simply
point out the fact that most college teachers
here cannot touch at all! I think it is time for
college teachers here to get into the "hang" of
teaching and become successful in teaching.
not only in writing and research. We will learn
much better from college teachers who are
prepared to touch well and who are dedicated
to good teaching. That‘s what makes up a
good faculty —- teaching. A uni vcrsity such “5
ours should have a faculty that is good. effec-
tive. and has high aspirations for teaching. I
honestly hope that the teachers and professors
here will soon realize how important and
valuable touching and dedication is to us as
well as to themselves.

Dominick Brienza

left and'wrigl'it

To the Editor: ‘

lguther that John Stutt. in his rcplyMSl’
3/30/76)to me is not denying that the Com-
munist i'cgimc in China has executed at the
least some-hundreds of thousands of its
citizens without due process for such "class"
crimes as being alnndlord. Instead he is using
an end. utopia. tojustifythe means. That must
ringa rather sour note in the aftermath of
Watergate. It brings to mind Rubushov‘s ﬁnal
recognition in Arthur Kocstlcr‘s Darkness at
Noon that “there was an error . . . in the
systcm(of Communism). . .itwusobviously
not enough to directmun‘s‘cyes toward a goal
and put a knife in his hand; it was unsuitable
for him to experiment with a knife (because)
wherever the knife had been applied. a new

ve". The small?

 

thepeuantu’ surplus? used it to create what we I

calljcivilization. In other societies they had‘the
misery without the civilization. When Louis

XIV rendered the aristocracy parasitic and 

when the downswing of the dynastic cycle in
China mode the gentry extortionate, this
obscured their earlier and potential alter con-
tributions to society.. Crane Brinton‘s
Anatomy of Revolution allows us to predict
that the Chinese Revolution will go the way of
the French and Russian Revolutions, Mac to

the contrary notwithstanding, and produce a '

new elite. Djilas' “New Class", in asociety not
unlike that portrayed by Orwell in (984 ~
Theodore P. Wright

yencha tenya agenya

To the Editor:

We were astonished to learn of the Ad-
ministration‘s decision to deny tenure to Dr.
Andrew J. Yencha of the Department of
Chemistry. It would be an enormous disser-
vice to the student body and research corn-
munity of the State University of New York at
Albany to lose an educator and research
associate of his ability. 1

Having worked under Dr. Yencha on a
National Science Foundation research project
relating to air pollution in the Albany area. we
know him to be a sincere. dedicutcd person
who has contributed greatly to expandingthe
resources available for student use. We have
witnessed the persistent industry with which
he conducts his research and the relentless
energy which he devotes to his students. He
has demonstrated leadership in his own ﬁeld
and an active concern in several related fields;
most notable. environmental protection.

Andrew Yencha has shown an unfailing in-
terest in developing in his students not only a
desire to learn. but also a desire to pursue
goals for themselves they may have thought
unattainable. We. therefore. appealtothc Ad-

ministration to reconsider its decision and

 

nt‘} Meteorolohy
of._Wiicdnsin

. , , surmounted
fr’Euvironmenu' ' I'Studies
 University of Wisconsin

 

 

 

’  rat-ism

' small change

' To the Falter:

In the midst of SUNYA's budgetary crisis
and all of the other problems of our college
community this may seem insigniﬁcant and
trite to the masses. But to the hundreds who
one car game room daily this is of much con-
cern. And it could mean as much as a 33 l/3%
increase in FSA's gross out of the game room.
What is this fascinating. imaginative
brainchild? Why. to either adjust the present
change machine in the CCto give 4 quarters or

' install such a machine in the room itself. After

all, the machines also will give change of a
quarter by rcinserting it. How many times
have I walked out of the game room. head
lowered in despair. with several dimes and
nickels in my pocket. but completelydevoid of
those all-useful two-bit pieces. And, by the
time I get down to the snack bar to exchange
thse 5 and IOc pieces, I‘ve lost my desire to
climb back up those stairs when i could more
easily just sit down. have a beer. and forget
about pinball.

So come on. FSA! You‘re charging us a
goddamn quarter to play two games while at
most colleges it’s 10¢ per game. So give us and
yourselves a break. We know that you. like
McDonald's. do it all for us.

Danny Formun

The Albany Student Press reserves the
sole right to print or edit letters to the
editor. Submit letters, TYPE WRI TTEN.
to: Editorial Pages Editor, Albany Stu-
dent Press, CC 329, [400 Washington

Avenue. Albany. NY [2222. The ASP
will not publish unsigned letters: names
will be withheld on request. Keep those
cards and letters coming in. but
remember:

'Brevt’ty is the soul of wil.’

 

castles burning

$1 ,OO0,000!

 

 

by Ken Wax —————-———-—

Howard Hughes. that eccentric billionaire. has left this world for that great ﬁnancial empire in
the sky. And the old adage is provcn true. he didn't take his 2 billion dollars with him. Which
means that money will be going to someone. Wouldn‘t it be nice if some of it went to you? How

'bout a million dollars?

Think of it - one million dollars. A life oflcisurc, of comfort. oftotul case. chcr havingto
work another day in your life. $l.000.000 would mean nothing to Hughcs’ fortunc. It‘s a mere
pitancc compared to the man's vast wealth. Wouldn't it be great if somehow a tiny sliver of
Hughes‘ estate were left to you. guaranteeing you a carefree life'! Well. its happened.

Hughes has left me one half billion dollars. With the stimpulution that the money has to be
given out to 500 lucky SUNYA students. So five hundred of you are goingto be millionaires.

Space doesn‘t allow me to go into the details of how my girlfriend was a munncurist in a Lats
Vegas hotel. and how I got to meet Howie. but suffice it to say that I indeed do huvu the
$500.000,000 and some of you out there are deﬁnitely goingto gctugift of one million dollars.

If it were up to me I‘d pocket the-half bil and say nothing about the matter. but the Hughs
‘supcrvisors' who chIVcrcd the money to me explained that such a move might be ill advised. “It
would be the biggest mistake of your life. Mr. Wax". is the way they put it. So. as per the

bequest. I‘m giving all the money away.

Five hundred million dollars. For five hundred lucky people. One million crisp green bills for
each person. All completely free. with no strings attached. All you huvcto do is be one ofthe first
500 people to write me and tell me that you want the money. That's all there is to it.

Iloy. a-miilion dollars sure can btty u lot of pretty things. Sporty curs. villus on the Riviera.
gorgeous members of the opposite sex who will be slaves to your every wish, and more. Even
happiness. A million dollars can buy happiness. Thats rightme happiness. llut don’t take my
word. Write me for your million. spend it for a while, and youdccidc. lfyoucun‘t ﬁnd happiness

with your million. return the unused money to mennd we'll forget the whole I hing.

A million

smuckcrccnos plus a money back guarantee. Not a bad deal. oh?
so write me, right now. Having piles of money cluttering up my room and knowing that l have
to give it all away Is drlvmg me crazy. So I'd appreciate it il'you‘d send in for your money now,so

I can return my house to normal.

Here‘s all you have to do. Drop me u llnciKcn Wax. c/o the ASP. CC 329, and give me your
name and address. Ilc sure to tell me a little bit ttbout yourself. so I can be sure that you're you.
You might want to tell me a little about what you plan to do with the million,just in ense I only
have one million left and have to decide between two people‘s requests.

So send me the above information. along with 2 dollars ﬁling fee. to help defray my costs for
envelopes and stamps. undthtus itl Your money. il‘your'rcone ofthe first five hundred. will soon
he on the way to you by return mail. Remember. bcsurcto include the 52. as it would he a sluunc
if you lost out on a life of fortune and lcisurcjust bccttusc I didn't have the postage to‘scnd you

your million dollars.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

APRIL 9, 1976

ye sweep the streets clean for mocrg‘tie Con

Minions!” not want the streets in am dean...

enting a State Senator Manfred 0hrenstein's proposed situate whichgwdtltlliigirlve’tlt" I J

   

 

  

 

 

 

 
 

   

 

focus

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘IS NOTHING SHCRED?’

‘ ‘V'lolterlng-in a public place for the purpose 'of prostitution?

 

 

 

 
   

John Kennedy Slept Here

A big whirlwind has been stirred up recently
regarding the supposed scxploits by the late
John F. Kennedy. and in the fine tradition of
American free enterprise two new magazines
on the subject are now gracing the nutitttts's
newsstands. One is entitled .ll“l\".\ l.m't' Al'-
j'ttirs'. the other is called Kt'Illlt'ill".\' Iliontun.
'l‘hcy display such catchy hcndlincs as; "The
Woman Who Slept with JFK for Three
Years ch Paid for Her Abortion When She
Bccumc Pregnant!“ or “How JFK‘s Scx~
capadcs With a Suspected Spy (iot Ilim Into
Hot Water With the FBI".

How about this excerpt from a story in
JFK'.\‘ Love Affairs: “She was cvcryhody‘s
sexqu drcumgirl. a quivering—Upped. erotic
looking package of passion-packed dynamite
thrcateningtocxplode at any moment. He was
the President of the United States. and
although they seemed worlds apart. they had a
common urgency and need that drew them
together like magnets."

Actually this reminds me somewhat of
something which happened a number of years
ago to the late President Sukarno of In-
donesia. When in Russia oncc Sukarno was
supplief with u call girl to please his every
desire. Little did he know that everything he
did and said (in bed. that is) was being record-
ed on film. The Russians. it would seem. had
the intent of usingthe filmtobluckmail the In-
donesian President. Well the plan backﬁred.
Sukarno got ahold ofthe film and played it in
the moviehouses of Indonesia. He was not
afraid of showing his countrymen what u virile
leader they had.

The 'closest a President inthis country ever
came to such a risque act was when Lyndon
Johnson lifted his shirt to show reporters the
sear from his gall bladder operation. How
dultl

Of course the difference between Sukarno
and JFK is thatthc latter caseconstltutes post-
tnuttein embarrassment. Imagine, though. a
Sukarno-like film made of JFK‘s supposed

“by David 'l'roeger ;

scxploits: “All the Pro dent‘s Women the
behind the sccncs story of the Willl'l'llt‘lllicilll-
dal.“

I think this whole flap ovcr Kennedy‘s love-
life just points up what stuffed-shirts \vc
Americans are when It comes lo sex. II' this
type of thing was passe for us it would never
have had such play in thc mcdin. Does this
mutter regarding Kennedy and his sex life out-
rage us because it President of the United
States supposedly (and I emphasize supposed-
ly) l'onlcd around. showing a lack of morality.
propriety. and rcctitudc which we cxpcct in
our clcctcd leader? 0r arc a lot of usjcalous of
these supposed escapades. wishing that wctoo
could have such a dreamlike romantic and
sexual lifc‘! I tend tothink the-answer has more
nearly with the latter.

From a different perspective. why should
Americans be irutcut President Kennedy‘s ac-
tivitics'l It is really quite in tune with the
biccnlcnniul spirit. After all. George
Washington bragged about all the different
places he went to bed. Remember those signs
that rend: “George Washington slept here“?
The only difference between George and John
is that you never found out who George was
sleeping with. You don‘t think it was Martha
do you? In John Kennedy‘s case every woman
this side of Phyllis Diller has alluded to the
fact that they‘ve been in the sack with him.
Probably half ofthem shook his hand and got
off on it. and that's about all there is to it.

Serioust folks, though, one tends to think
that if JFK was “getting it on” as much as the
stories would have us believe. all those sup-
posed women involved wouldn't have kept
their mouths shut between l96l und I963
when Kennedy was President. let alone till
I976. It seems inthis whole alfalrthatthe most
unfair cut of all is the simple fact that John
Kennedy isn't around today to defend against
such charges. We might ask ourselves: is not
nssttssination enough. must we now also opt
for character assassination as Well?

 

  
 
  
   

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

8T0": P . ., r .: .

All of the cuts made by Picsident Fields' Task Force‘were not. in fact, mandated by.
the more than SI .3 million out in the SUNYA budget handed dotvn by the New Yor
State Legislature. Some of them were part of Fteld‘s‘ long term plan for the reallocation
of funds‘in line with his “mission” for the university. - - r .‘

This misconception has been shared by many. including students, faculty. and ‘-
legislators. Fields says. “maybe it wasn‘tsaid forcefully enough; ldon't know. Maybe
we need to say a few more things.” Maybe.‘ ‘ L ’

Amidst the confusion of mandated budget cuts. Fields is implementing his scheme
for giving the university a new direction; a public policy mission. ‘ 1 .

Questions about the cuts should be secondary to those about Fields' mission. It is
easy to be upset with specific cuts, especially where personal concern is involved. But
Fields is giving this university a wholencw direction; he is makinga policy decision for
the entire university.

Should Fields' “mission” for SUNYA be pursued. or should it be aborted. . . oris it
too late to choose?

Conscientious Cutting

Students have vehemently protested the budget cuts made in the State University
system by Governor Hugh Carey and the New York State Legislature —and rightfully
so. They are concerned about the quality and scope of education at their respective
universities and colleges. '

New York State. however. is in the midst of a severe ﬁnancial squeeze. The state
claims that there simply is not enough money ﬂoating around to replenish the funds
that have been stripped from the State University system. The New York Public
Interest Research Group is trying to prove that they‘re wrong.

NY PI R0 is presently bringing a court case against Carey. The legislature ruled that
certain appropriations requested by Carey be reduced. therebyscratchinga number of
state positions. But Carey defied this ruling. authorizing the payment of salaries to
these state employees. or~~in the eyes of the legislature~~former state employees.
NYPIRG is questioning Carey‘s constitutional right to do this.

Should NYPI R(i win the court case. there will be money returned to the state budget
which could be funneled into any one ofa num her of state departments “perhnpsthe
Stutc University system.

True. the amount ol'money that could be saved by this one isolated effort probably
wouldn‘t pay for a winter month's supply ofcoffec and hot chocolate at Rocky's mall.
But every little bit counts. and it‘s the little bits that NYPIRG is trying to add up.
Among other things. they have sued to eliminate unconstitutional annuity payments.
They have conducted a study of energy waste in state buildings which they claim
indicates possible savings of tens of millions of dollars given the implementation of
reasonable conservation measures.

In short. NYPIRG is attempting to locate wasted or misused money in the state
budget. Then it can be put to work in state departments badly in need of aid.
departments such as the State University system.

NYPIRG believes that conscientious cuts can result in conscientious additions. This
:heory seems sound. It‘s time for students and legislators alike to follow NY PlRG's
ead.

 

 

   

MA STIIEA I) S TA FF

.S'IEI'IIEN DZINANKA
.SPENCElt RAooIo
...I)AVID WINZELIIERG
 ANDREA HERZIIIERG. CYNTHIA HActNLt
Lourss MAruts
...........CAx0L MCPIIERSON. ELLEN FINE
KeN WAx
......... ..NAOMl FateoLANosn, STEPHEN EIsaNMAN
NATHAN SALANr
 MianeI. PIexAxsttt
Jenn Alanecur. Lin ZuckcttMAN
................................ ..LtsA BIUNoo
KENNETH Coaa
DANIEL O'CONNos

Emron IN cI-n'r
MANAGING corm-
News comm
Assocrxrr NEWS EDITOIS 
Pnooucnou mm"-
Assocrxrr nooucrt0N MANAons 
Entrolm. noes corm-
Anrs It euro-rs rolrons...
Seams IDI'I‘OI
Assocun srorrs EDITOI
onnnsmo MANAths ....... ..
Assocure onnmmo MANAG:
CL Al'll'l‘l MANAF'I
BUSINESS “snarl-I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_________
Assistant managing editor: Phil. Moltcr

.Cummunit‘aiiom Director: Betty Stein ..

A. P. and Zodiac News managers: Matthew Kaufman. Kim Sutton

Staff writers: Susan Miller. Paul Rosenthal

Preview: Joyce Feigenbaurn

iii/ling accnunlant: Susan Domrcs

Composition nuinagers: Ellen Boisen. Patrick McGlynn

lleatl tprtt: Leslie Eisenstein

Production: Janet Adler. Patty Ahern. Sarah Blumenltock. Carol Burger. Joan Ellsworth. Judi
Heitner. Marge Hogarth. Vicki Kurtzman. Kathy lam. Marc Leve. Tania levy, Michele Lipton.
Rich Mcrmelstein. Janet Meunier. Debbie Rieger, Joan Silverblatt

Graphics manager: Roberta Goldman

Circulation manager: Helene Lurtgarten

Admisiurative assistant: Jerelyn Kaye

Advert/sing production: Jeff Aronowitz. Kelly Kits. Brian Cahill. Anne Wren

Photography: supplied principally by University Pluto Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Student Press is published every Tuesday and Malay dullng the school yearexcept
holldays. Editorial policy is the responsibility of the Editor In Chief andsubject to review by the
Masthead Sta/f. Main office.- CCJZD: telephone: 457-8892. Funded by Student Association Ad-
dress mall to: Albany Student Press, CC 329. 1400 Washington Avenue. Albany. NY "222.

 

 

 

i ’3

  
  
   
 

 

 

