  
   
     
       
 
  
 
     
 

  
    
  
  
 
   
  

f

..4.L.tk.yr»ash-RAMJ¢‘Msolo-"ReakhMohﬁs.» - -

 

 

      
       
      
          
        
       
     
         
    
      
        

 2.. s‘ .s

l
l
i
r
i’
l
r

 

A .. ,‘~..W~Avu ,, _

' ‘ “macros (an is. political :‘

eugenics trim the presidential

j electionby post-Watergate reforms.
 h mil unquestioned

volume
with the potential for greater impact
than ever. ‘

The Federal Election Commission
says there are at least l25 political
committees which have given as
much as 350.000 each. With the
figmeaforsomccommilteesinthcﬂ
million rang. the overall total
its clout is massive.

Common Cat-e. the self-styled
citizerl' lobby computed that as of
Sept. l special interest groups from
big labor to big business had
reported contribution. totaling
more than Sl0 million.

That is twice the amount given by
special interest groups to con-
gressional candidates ,during the
same carnpaign period twa years
ago. Dairy farmers. who had dif-
ﬁculty placingtheir money in I974. in
the wake of the milk fund scandal.
have tripled their donations so far
this year.

Figures coming in from October
ﬁling indicate that the ﬁnal tallyfor
'the I976 campaigns may run 50 per
cent or more above the September
level.

  

‘Scottsboro Boy’ Gets Pardoned

'Montgomery, Ala. (AP)
“Scottsboro Boy" Clarence Norris
was pardoned yesterday ending
years of living as a fugitive from a
crime he says he did not commit.

The state Pardon-Parole Board
unanimously approved the pardon,
and Gov. George C. Wallace signed
it a short time later.

Norris. now 64. was one of the
nine young black men accused of
raping two white women aboard a
freight train near Scottsboro, Ala..
in 1931.

All nine were sentenced to death
but all eventually were pardoned or
paroled.

Norris. who now lives in New
York. served ﬁve years on death row
before his sentence was commuted to
life imprisonment. Ultimately he was
paroled. but he was still wanted in

 

   

' rec reports ‘itrow that the
American Medical Association. for
example. had ﬁven $904,840 to
Senate and Home candidates as of ‘
Oct. l. 8350.”) of his the 30 days‘
since the September report. *

“The record certainly appears to
show that not only is special interest
money coming in in record amounts
but that it is focused on Iep'slative-
and political goals." said Fred
Wertheimer, vice president of Com-
mon Cause.

AMA Ilggest Speak

“It's never been an accident that
special interest woups foctts on con-
 committees that have life
or death power over their issues,“
Wertlseitner said. “What's happen-
‘ing‘a tint with the role of special in-
terest money eliminated from the
presidential system. everyone is
flocking to Congress.”

The biggest spender by far is th
AMA and its related state societies.
Gifts from AMA-related committees
totaled 5963.725 by Sept. l.

The AMA had another $1 million
in its war chests, some ofwhich is be-
ing reﬂected in reports coming in
now. Common Cause has filed a for-
mal complaint with the FEC chargo
ingthe the AMA system ofgiving up

Alabama for leaving the state while
on parole.

Nathaniel Jones. general counsel
for the NAACP. which represents
Norris. said in New York. “Needless
to say, we're higth pleased" with the
pardon.-

Norris. the only one of the original
nine defendants known to be still
alive. was not immediately available
for comment.

Norris fled Alabama in I946 while
on parole. Because of that. the
Pardon-Parole Board chairman.
Norman Ussery, refused to consider
a pardon when Norris first applied
last summer.

Later. however. Ussery said that
when Norris made his whereabouts
known, he was no longer a fugitive.

The board then agreed totztkc up the

request for a pardon.

HAVING A DEVIL
0! A TIME...

getting on comps-sf

FIND OUT IOW To GET OFF.
TUESDAY, 0t” PJIJ [,9

 

 

  

‘L.A. Jets

 

Tickets: $5.50. $6.00. $6.50, plus 5.25 handling

IMMUEEN NITE- 8 M

IOIMRIIL "ONIONS. III. 0. If"
’ prsust

‘Manfred Mann’s Earth Band
‘The Cate Brothers '

On sale at: JUST A SONG Records. 2“ Central AVc.
Drorne Sound. Mohawk Mall
Palace Theatre Box Office

COSTUMES OPTIONAL

 
 
  

to the maximum $5,000 from both
national and state units circumvents _
the legal limit. AMA claims its state
units are sutonomotl and can make
their own contributions.

The California Medical Political

Action Committee alone has given
out $50,750 to Senate and House
candidates. some of it overlapping
from gifts from the national fund.
‘ AMA groups gave atotal of $21.-
BIS to to of the 37 members of the
House Ways and Means Committee
as of Sept. I. And among members
of the Senate Finance Committee.
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen, D-Tex., also
brieﬂy a presidential candidate. got
l20.000 and Sen. Harry‘Byrd. Ind.-
Va.. 6,000. Those arethecommittees
that deal with health insurance
legislation.

The next largest bloc of con-
gressional contributions comes from
the dairy industry. which benefits

Rhodesian Leaders Unite for Peace .
GENEVA, Switzerland (AP) All four Rhodesian black nationalist factions
say they are ready to bury otdjealousies in a united negotiating effort aimed
at putting a quick end to white minority rule in Rhodesia. Bisimp Abel
Muzorewa and the Rev. Ndabaningi Sithole said yesterday they wrll present
a united front with rival nationalists Joshua Nkomo and Robert Mugalx
agath white Prime Minister Ian Smith at the Rhodesia conference sv’t in
open Thursday. They spoke after Nkoino and Mugabe announced iltcy
hoped to bring Muzorewa and Sithole tnto B-“Pﬂll’lollc From" they have
formed to push for black majority rule as quickly. as possible. Muzorcwtt
founded the short-lived African National Council in I975 and now lcnds a
splinter group outside Rhodesia. He said the world will be “shocked” to learn
how united the previously squabbling four leaders are at the conference,

iraq Opposes Syrian Peacekeeping Force
CAIRO (AP) Arab leaders ended the first session of their summit (in
Lebanon yesterday divided over composition ofka 30,00tfl-mahn fats?“ ping
sent to the war-torncountry. spo csman on c ra rogue
from ."umelinuls {Edemmifrs  :griiifielicthe Il/t-hour meeting behind closed doors that Iraq opposed
regulanom',"  u "I! " d2”, including in the force the 20,000 Syrian troops currently occupying two-
sPPPovswmhmve humming in. thirds of Lebanon. At a smaller summit on Lebanon in Riyadh. Saudi
"ms in "I? last two fashions o Arabia, a week ago six Arab leaders agreed Syrian troops would remain nnd
fﬁgizhpngﬁyicﬁn 20mmmeges comprise the major contingent in the peace keeping unit. Long at odds trio.
re resentin the three largest milk Syria, Iraq has 8" “unwed 2,900 me“ I“ Lfbanon fishims on the lctttst
p ' 8 d ' $682— Moslem side. It expresses its displeasure With the Riyadh agrcciitcnt by
coopemmes. They ha Ewen . sending Foreighn Minister Saadoun Hamadito head its summitdclcgniton,

I84 by Sept. I.
Koreans Allogo Bribery ot U.S. Congressmen

WASHINGTON (AP) A federal grand jury is investigating zillegntiom iinit
South Koreans, seeking to curry favor for their country. offered hriho to
several U.S. congressmen, The New York Times re ported yesterday that the
investigation has reached the point where several South Korean diplonnrn
might be asked to leave the country. On Sunday. the Washington i’ttsl
quoted sources within the investigations as saying that the South Kort-an
group. led by businessman Tongsun Park. had recorded the disbursctlicnt of
$500,000 to SI million per year in gifts to congressmen and other officials.
Park. identified by the investigators as an operative of the South Korciin
Central Intelligence Agency, financed the gifts through commissions iIL'
earned as the exclusive agent for the sale of American rice to South Ktircr’i. .i
franchise granted him by the South Korean government. the Post rcporicd,

Dash Accuses Baker of Shielding Nixon

NEW YORK (AP) Samuel Dash. former chief counsel to the Scuttle
WatcrgatcCommittee. said yesterday Sen. Howard Baker. R-Tcnm sought
to protect former President Richard Nixon in private meetings. “In public he
always presented a different posture." Dash said after appearing on \Ii('-
TV's “Today” show. Dash said shortly after Baker was ilppoilllcti to the
committee he asked for and received a secret. off-thc-record meeting \tllll
Nixon “to receive guidance on how he should act on the Ctllnilllllt't.‘ " t )n tlic
subject of Nixon‘s behavior in office. Dash said, “It may bc true lihil poor

The board chairman had demand-
'cd that Norris return to jail in
Alabama before the pardon could be
considered. But Norris, insistingthat
“I didn‘t commit no crime." said he
was unwilling to return.

The Scottsboro case attracted
worldwide attention. The nine
young black men were tried three
times and their final conviction was
upheld by the U.S. SupremeCourt.

Their second conviction was set
aside by the trial judge because one
of the alleged victims testified she
and her companion had lied when
they said the youths raped them.

The pardon requcst had the sup-
port of Alabama Attorney (iencral

Bill Baxlcy, who said than» was presidents may have committed crimes...butevcry time they kin-n \\il.tllilt".
“overwhelming cvidcncc“ of Non-ii; did was wrong and that they were not above the Inn. "\txon .iluru
innocence and thin hc“ncvcr should perceived himself its an absolute sovereign and that he find the rtghi to DC
have been charged with any offense." above the law. This type of power brought its Closer to it dtcnitoi allll‘ I).uh
sitid.
alban Jet  Perjury Charge Dropped Against Gurney
ORLANDO, Fill. (AP) A federal judge yestcrdtiy tliren out one or  tun»
' . erjury charges against former Sen. Edward J, (itiritcy by Illillll.‘ our NW
By   governient had presented insufficient cviccncc on that port ol lllt' \.t‘L' | S
BRIDGE'I‘t)WN.Burbudos (AP) Dismc‘ Jildl’rc 000ml: C. Young said the government illld llllictl to .non lllt'
wreckage of a Cuban J‘cmncr mm jury iiconvincing case that the 62-year-old former Reptiblicnn .cnnioi Mm)
before June 1972 that campaign funds were being raised Iiit’lltlll'. on h.»

crashed early this moth. killingtill 73
persons aboard. was located Sunday
by a British navy frigate using sonar
equipment. a government official
reported.

He said the main body of the DC8
was under l.800 feet of water 4.8
miles off the coast of this Caribbean
island. The exact location is a key
factor in determining who should '
try two Venezuelans arrested in
Trinidad and Tobago and accused of
placing bombs aboard the plane.

Several Cuban exiles and Wu-
zuclans opposed to Fidel Castro‘s
Communist regime in Cuba also
have been arrested in Caracas.
Venezula. in connection with the
case. Exxon Reports Slips In Profile

Th“ Plane wcm “OWMh‘mll’ﬂﬂﬂ NEW YORK (AP) Exxon Corp.. the world's largest indusit liti ml i“"-|“"“
taking off from Brodgctwon on Oct. and largest oil company. reported yesterday its profits slipped l X Pk" “"“l”
6. The pilot reported an explosion the third quarter despite it gain in revenue. Losses oii Iomgn t'llilt‘llt')
just before the crush. transactions cut profits. the company said. It was the second Slitllyill tittulltt‘

Freddyl.ugotind l-Iermun Losano earnings have dropped. Exxon, which reported tr 2.6 PC! cent rut titngsd‘told
were arrested it short time later in after the second quarter. said it earned $635 million in Jul)‘- MW“ “in
Trinidad and Tobago and police Scplcmbcrmituinst$660millioninthcthirdquzirtcrofl‘nfr.Itctctititril'l‘ﬂ
claim Lugo confessed to plitnting slightly, however.from$l2.27 billion a year iigoto$|2.‘) illiiitiiililllth‘IH‘

bchrill. Gurney had been charged with lying to a grandjury it hurt In- not! ht
didn‘t know until Julie I972 that his fund raiser Wits plcsstllitll.‘ I Muff
builders for politictil contributions.

State Control Wilt Lead to Higher Taxes

ALBANY. NY. (AP) One of the legislature‘s wclfiirc \[lt‘ttitilsh mild
Monday that if the state takes over local welfare costs attillcllltllb
demanded by many upstate county governments  the result would he A
increase in taxes for upstaters. Sen. William T. Smith. R-(‘hcmung Mild “it”
although local property taxes could be cut by a sttitc l‘rikcmct' of Mil-"U
costs, increases in state income or sales taxes. or both, Would more ihnn niziku
up the difference for most upstate residents. The main reason. he sold. I) that
most oflhe state's welfare recipients are in New York City. while most of thc
state's taxes are collected outside the city. County officials u
have complained recently of soaring welfare costs in their budng ml “4“”
suggested that the stiitc take over their share of relief costs

big

ctim lilL' Hulk‘

 

 

1

two bombs aboard the plane. third quarter.

 

PAGE TWO

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

M.—
OCTOBER 26, 1976

 

 

“by Robert Van Grover
There may not be an Assessment
of Courses and Teachers (ACT) next
semester due to a lack of student
volunteers according to ,_Co-
Coordinator for ACT, Brian
Shimkin. ‘

Other problems also face ACT.
Changing over more extensively to
computers will result in atemporary.
greater need for money. said
Shimkin. but the immediate factor
threatening ACT is the volunteer
problem.

ACT. whict evaluates faculty, has
already missed a publication (ACT
comes out once a semester) and the
most recent ACT (ACT IV) was
relatively thin because of a lack of
student volunteers.

Shimkin estimated that I50
volunteers have signed up to give aid
to ACT this semester, but over 200

are needed. Upper level courses must

 

‘ beevalt'iated as well as the smaller

 

 

 

 

f

classes. but'most students who do

_ offer their services. offer it for the

larger. more common courses. said

.Shimkin. . ‘
Shimkin said volunteers need only ‘

bring the forms to the class, and br-
ing them back to an ACT table
which would be situated in the Cam-
pus Center.

Computers will be used to
schedule volunteers beginning with
the next issue. This will require more
financial old. A questionnaire will be
made up. Computers will allow for
expansion.

ACT. first published in the fall of
1974. was an effort to make SUNYA
a more responsive school by
providing useful student evaluation
information.

David Abramoff. with funding
obtained from the Student Associa-
tion. founded ACT. The computer

"a
The value of expensive speakers such as Bob Woodward. who spoke
on campus last week for $3.000. are being questioned by some
Speaker's Forum members. '

Health Task Force to Analyze NY Lakes

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Aspccinl stutc
Health Department task I'orcc Itcttd~
cd by New York University
professor Mcrril Iiisciibud of 'I‘ux—
cdo is to bcgiit tin investigation of
possiblc iiici'cut'y contamination of
some Northern Ncw York lukcs this
week.

Dr. Eisciihud. who produced the
stiiic Ilcrilllt Dcptii'tiiicnt's report on
l’Cli pollution in llic Hudson River
lust yczir. siiid Sunday his group is to
invcstigtitc reports of higher than
normal levels of mercury in Adiron-
dack Itikc fish at ilic same time its it
rcvicws tltc I’L‘ll problem.

The stittc Environiiicnial Conscr-
vrttion Department has detected
mercury levels in fiin from scveriil
Adirondack lakes llttlt cxcccds
ticccptiil‘lc fcdcrul limits ol’().5 parts
per milli ill for lltc illSl five years.
said Deputy l)li(' (‘oiiimissionci'
'I Itcodorc iilliilll‘.

Nu Visible Source

“When the department first saw
these rcsulis lltcy didn't know
WilclilL'l' they were real or not.“
“offer said. because no visible
source for the mercury coitld be
found ill two of ilic ltikcs. (‘rtinbcrry
Luke ilild Stillwtitcr Reservoir.
where high levels of the heavy metal
wcrc loitnd in fish.

“So we kept testing to determine
if. in fact. our results were accurate.
And after several years of high
results. we have to coiiclitdc that
they arc." llullcr said.

I-Ittllci' Sillti the DEC. which turn—
cd ovcr tltc results of its tests to the
state Ilciiltlt Department last month,
didn't take action earlier “because
we were unsure lliltl been use the peo-

OCTOBER 26, 197B

plc who fiin tlicsc Itikcs tti'c sport
l‘islicriiicn and they would have only
limitcd consumption of the fish and
limited ingestion of mercury."

'I'hc DISC testing program for
mercury has bcclt limited and is still
incontplctc, Ilullcr snid. bccnttsc of
demands on the department to dctil
with I’Cli rind Mircx problems in the
Hudson River rind Lake Ontario.

()nc of the things his task force

Greenberg and Steve Pollack. Since
its birth, ACT has changed; IBM
answer cards are now used in place
of IBM answer sheets. This revision
helps to speed up the process. The
computers can print out the book
directly from the cards.

“ACT allows a student to choose
courses and teachers guided by in-
formation instead of just choosinga
class because of the time slot." said
Shimkin. “Teachers can tell from
ACT how the students view them.
and in what classes they work best
(lecture classes vs. small classes. in-
troduction courses vs. specialized
courses).“ All responses received by
ACT are used. Shimkin added.

Forms are available at the SA
Contact Office in the Campus
Center. ACT may be reached at 7-
7509. or in Room 333inthc Campus
Center Building.

Speakers’

by Bryan Holzberg

How much is too much for Un-
ivcrsity Speaker‘s Forum to pay for
well known names and are they
worth it?

Bob Woodward

News crime to SUNYA Oc-

tober l6 for 53.000

and then gave a 30

minute talk followed

by a half-hour question and answer
session.

Chairperson for Speaker's Forum
Paul Sommcr said he heard
negative remarks on Woodward's
talk from several of the estimated
3000 people who attended. Sommer
added that tin hour presentation did
not in his mindjustify spending $3.-

Feature

will bc looking at closely is possible
naturrtl sources of mercury in the
Adirondacks. Iiiscnbud said.
Mercury And Fish

“There are only two ways mercury
can get into the fish: citltcr through
industrial pollution or natural
sources. and there are no chemical
plants around these hikes iii the
Adirondacks." siiid Eiscnbud.

Ilc rccallcd that after liiglt incr-

system was written by Mark»

   

  
  

 
 
 
 

 

  
 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
 

This may be the last Issue oi ACT unless more volunteers are found,

according to Brian Shimkan, eta-coordinator oi ACT.

Talk Not That Cheap

000.

“Peoplcexpcct so much more with
big names," Summer said. “Is a
large crowd a good measure of
success?"

Sommcr said the Woodward
crowd and expense was the largest he
had seen since he had been ill
SUNYA. But Itc said he feels the
quality of presentations goes down
as expenses risc.

Woodward refused to give inter-
views. cut his talk short without
previous indication. illld flew in and
out of Albany close to his trilktime.

Topical Speakers Cost

“Small. topical speakers would
charge half as much (in the $1.500
price range) and then go to classes.

cury lcvcls wci'c fotiiid in Lake
George and ()nondtigri Lake near
Syracuse in tile curly |97(l's. tests
conducted on llltl-ycar—old museum
fish. ttcvcr exposed to industrial
pollution. htid tilso ttiriicd up the
metal.

Iiiscnbtid said he would not know
the extent oftlic trisk force‘s pliinncd
review of the PCB problem tiiitil ltc
met with DIEC officials ’l’hursduy.

 

Freshman Fields of Interest

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

AREA OF
INTENDED STUDY 1972-73 l973-74 1974-75 l975-76 I976-77
TOTAL I757 2459 1798‘ 2357‘ 2l67‘
l00.0% l00.0% 100.01 moor 100.0%
OPEN 493 415 282 529 640
28.l% l7.0% I5.” 22.4% 29.5%
BUSINESS IIO 246 Wt! 406 5“
6.3% I0.0% Il.0% 17.2% 23 6%
HUMANITIES 2l6 373 229 231 2l9
l2.2% 15.2% l2.8% 9.3% l0.”
SOCIAL SCIENCE 238 278 308 382 3l9
13.5% ll.3% ,l7.I°L l6.21 l4.7%
MATH/SCIENCE 592 889 500 6l5 467
33.8% 36.2% 32.3% 26.1% 21.6%
NURSING 46 75 53 IO] ---
2.6% 3.l% 2.91 4.3%
ALLEN CENTER 62 160 I48 9] ---
3.5% 6.5% 8.2% 3.9%

 

 

 

 

 

Above Is University College’s census of changing freshman Interests over it five year period. Yearly
total does not Include a number of lnter-dlscipllnary majors. Business Education Is Included
under Business; Social Welfare under Social Science; Speech Pathology under Humanltles.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

give informal talks or give workshop
sessions.“ said Sommer.

Speaker's Forum is responsible
for coordinating requests of campus
groups for speakers. Criteria for
speakers is based on demand and
how well known the speaker is.

Speaker‘s Forum is now schedul-
ing speakers for next semester. Un-
dcr consideration is attorney F. Lee
liriilcy whose fee is $3,000. Another
possibility is Leonard Winglass.
defense attorney for the Chicago
Seven and for two Syinbioncs'c
Arnty members. who‘s going rate is
SLSOO. Wine-glass would stay at
SUNYA for two days and give lec-
tures‘in classes.

“With biggcr events we have to
charge it fcc.“suid Sommci'. “We lost
over SLSth on Woodward. It seems
wrong to charge SI or so to sit in an
uncomfortable gym to hear someone
speak for an hour."

According to Summer. Speaker‘s
Forum is iii an experimental stngc.
“Matty schools only have two or
three big speakers a year." said
Sommcr. “We‘vc tricd big speakers
(Abhri lihnn lust ycrir. Woodward
this yL'lIl‘). it night clitb approach
(Anti Beatts). entertainers (Doug
i‘icllltlllg. David Stciiibcrg). cult
speakers (Leonard Nimoy in
December). Arc they what people
want? I don't know.“

Lack Of Women Speakers

Sommcr said that Speaker‘s
Forttnt has a program weakness iii
its lack of woman speakers. “’l‘hcy‘rc
hard to find.“ ()r expensive. Lily
Tomlin and (lloria Steinem chtu'gc
$5,000 for no evening's talk. Ilcllri
Abyug is $|.5()(). "Ilut she was free
last month." said Summer.

Sonic names under consideration
for next semester‘s speakers include
.lohii Dean. $2.000; 'I‘om Wolfc.$2.-
000; Art Buchwald. $4.000: Dania!
Schorr. $3.000: Dick Crivctt. 54.000;
and author of Ht'llt'r Skl'llt‘l' Vincent
liugliosi, $2,000.

The speaker business is becoming
like the concert business»—
iinpcrsontil and expensive." said
Sommcr.

Robert Klein. a comedian. was
sponscrcd by Concert Ilortrd and
Speaker‘s Forum iwo yetirs tigo. His
two pcrf'oriittinccs in the Campus
Center before some |.500 people
sold oitt. This year he had been
scheduled by Speaker's Forum for
the gym at a higher fee but ctincellcd
to do it television series.

Decisions for speakers are made at
the Forum's Tuesday night meeting
in Campus Center 370 at 9 pm.

PAGE THREE

     
      
    
       
  
        
         
      

  
   
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
   

 

       

