 

a; Almwit tenure
‘ law: beanie not only the biggest

box offieeeueeeu ot' I975. but also.

the moat proﬁtable film yet made.
outrenklng even Gone With The
Wind, The Sound of Music and .The
Godfather. Admittedly, popular
taste cannot always be trusted. and
there have been many films that did
well with the public that are beneath
contempt. Yet Jaws. unlike its im-
mediate predecessor. The Exorcist.
is not a bad film at all. andinits con-
struction. photography. editing. and
subject matter well merits attention.

Jaws is by no means one of those
profound ﬁlms that the intellectuals

love. nor does it bristle with stylistic

breakthroughs. but it is a well told
tale with much suspense and a series
of suprises that obviously delight the
public. The film may somedin be
revived in film societies and shown in
classrooms. but what will be absent
is the air of nervous expectancy. the
rustling and quiet whispering of an
audience waiting. waiting its in a
climbing rollcrcoaster for the first
big plunge and then the second and
then the third. Shrcwd members of
the audience might cuess usually
wrongly—where the alimitrcs mixes
will come. but in any case people
who paid to have a thrilling and
frightening experience walk away
pleased. The movie has done itsjob.
Like King Kong, Jaws is well con-
structed and technically adept. Both
films. in pitting man against beast.
have a kind of mythological
richness. but Jaws won its fame by
touching upon different strains in
the human psyche than Kong. Kong
was a king on his island. and chn on
Manhattan. another island. he still
(though temporarily) reigns
supreme. Kong however is essential-
ly human. with emotions like love
and anger. VieWcrs feel a twinge of
pain and sadness when he is shot by
the airplanes rind clutches his breast.
In fact. the film approaches tragedy
when the body of Kong plummets
from the Empire State Huildingto lie
in a heap of fur and bone on the
sidewalk.

The nature of the menace in Jon's
is far less anthropomorphical. There
is nothing personal about the shark.
It is a malevolent force that prompts
our primal fears and reﬂects our
current paranoia. ltt Kong we are
often emotionally involved with tltc
beast. In Jaws we can only fear it.
The apc is high enough on the
evolutionary ladder to be a sentient
being; the shark is ri lower crculurc lll
which dread actions are morc reflex
than conscious.

Jun-.i embodies the tensions of it
tccltnological ngc boitstirig of plastic
and aluminum. space shots. super
highways. fast automobiles. color
I‘V‘s and birth control pills and at
the stunt: titne beset with kidnap-
pings. muggers. rupc. air polution.
waning natural resources. and
devious politicians. Jaws says that
out there. ottt somewhere in the dark
sea. there is some unreasoning force.
some pchr. some creature linking
that will not be tamed by the

presence of lifequards. inflatable
toys. sand pails. play shovels. beach
blankets and bikini clad girls. At the
teacoast everything seems to be hap-
py. orderly. and self-contained so
'hat 'nttn looks no further than the

ict' rt: postcard blue horizon and

t 't'lective surface of the ocean.

But underneath that placid surface
there swims sortie ultimately hostile
and implacable force.

In a sense. the film retells Maby
Dick. with less philosophy and more
thrills. Man stands on achip of earth
and thinks he controls the skies. the
land. and the ocean depths. But he
doesn't. World War 1 proved that the
land would never be safe. World
War ll suggested that there were
evils to descend from the skies (if not
bombs. then creatures from outer
space ready to pounce and devour
us) and now Jaws has shown that our
ocean too is another source of
danger and fear. The popular im-
agination must now fact the unplea-
sant idea that there is no safety. no
purity. no getting away from it all.
The “it” stays with us. lurking like it
pair of eyes ina dark night.watching
hungrily for the unwary.

Jaws crushes a comfortable un-
iverse. It does for the sea what
Hitchcock in I’.\‘_l'('lll) did for small
deserted motels. But Jaws is more
cosmic and its unreasoning great
white shark seems far more probable
(though less human than the
abhorant behavior of Norman
Bates. No matter how weird. there is
reasoning behind the murders in
l’ri'clto'. there is no such rcasoningin
Jaws. The shark is not it departure
from the norm; it is merely doing
what nature created him to do: eat.

The startling effects of both
Psycho and Jaws stem from their
false creation of safety. When Janet
Leigh takes a shower. she is at lter
most naked and therefore most
secure. After an awful day of ten-
sions. she looks forward to her
privacy. the warm water and the
sense of cleansing. yet what site finds
is a knife. blood and death. And so
too with the ocean. Here is a respite
from the daily grind where one can
float without effort and be rocked
gently in the surf in uclose-to-nriturc
feeling. but instead of fun and corn-
fort cotncs all the attendant horrors
of a shark attack. Audiences have
already learned to fear the World
around them. The last vestige of a
comforting innoccnse disappears
when the ocean litcriilly bares its
lungs. We are indeed an uneasy
creature that stands upon this batik
itttd shoal of time.

Jaws touches on the modern sen-
sibility in the scnsc that cverytltirtg
has gone topsy-turvy. Ironically. it
policeman lcrivcs New York to cs-
cupc the criminals and corruption of
the city and moves to symbolic Ami-
ty island. th evctt in this relatively
isolated and pure outpost of
mankind to be reached only by
lctty tltcrc is evil. and runs tltc
dccp chord oftlic film that c\il \\lll
persist. Although the one shark will
be killed (its lllt: horror film lll tltc
turtles and ltltics repeatedly
suggested), we should kccp it witty
eye for he is ttot tltc lust of them
That .lttnc sky nutdc lor romantic
lovers may have it flying saucer
appear. and that night by tltc occrrn
may ltuvc its visitor too.

Audiences were not only drawn to
the basic idea of .lmrs.tltcywcre also
affected by the fact that it was astory
clearly told witlt a beginning. middle
and cttd. So often modern films pre-
sent disjunetcd narratives. rtbrirpt
and inexplicable cuts. peculiar
llashbiteks and flashforwards. offer-
ing it jumble of passing images that

contain little meaning or
signiﬁcance. The ﬁlm never 3°15
bogged down in ﬁstfights. sex. 0'
frantic but irrelevant activity. Every
scene contributed to the overall
effect.

There are some striking visuals in
Jaws. but they are subservient to the
story. They do not exist self-
indulgently as in so many arty
modern films in which the director
tries to sltow off his cinematic eye.
The film's yotrng director, Stephen
Spielberg. shows admirable
rcstritint. The premise of the ﬁlm is
set tip almost immediately. A girl at 11
midnight party decides to go for a
swim. Nude. isolated. her brain
perhaps clouded from pot or
alcohol. her body ready for sex. she
decides to leave the chitttcring of her
fellow humans to eomtnune with the
beautiful sea.

The night is silent. the water is
glistening in the moonlight. Then
unseen and unheard. comes (what
we later learn 7 bill what we already
know because of the title and the
prepublicityt is the shark. The direc-
tor wiscly rcstrains himself from
showing the attacker: we know what
he is. but it is far toocarly to reveal
his looks. \chusl see his effect. Only
atcr. much litter iti the film. do we
finally encounter the monster l‘rtccto
face.

Such eonstruciioti is as old as the
history of literature. (Notice the
preparation for example for the
appearance of tlic ghost in Ilrrrtrlr'rj;
and certainly as old,as tltc horror
film. The first half hour of King
Kong gives us no monster ape. We
hear that there is a legend about
Kong,that tlterc is a wall. that there
is something behind that wall that
the natives fear. and later that they
have a ceremony to appease the
creature. Finally. we encounter the
beast and only in the last part of the
film does the ape relate to the
characters and particularly to the
girl.

So too with the shark. He is
impartial and it! first attacks anyone.
Only later on in the film does his
attention turn. perhaps illogierilly in
the pure light of reason. to the sltip
and its oecupatits. the captain. the
policeman. and the scientist.
Hooper. Thus the battle narrows
down to a struggle between two or»
posing forces. The abstract
malevolence has foregone its mis-
cellaneous maruuding to focus on
this particular group just its that
groitp centers its attention on hint.
flit: struggle itn plics a kind of grudge
ntalch. its i1 tltc shark is oitt to get
those who constrain his freedom to
eat arid murder So lie turns to those
puny men flouting ill a foreign clc—
nicnt. arid iii a kind of proof tttltl ex-
creisc of his own "slutrkhood". at-
tacks thcm. lie is vanquished. to be
sure btit the“: are tnore out there irt
lllt: ocean llll(l tltcytoo willturnthcir
fins and mouths to that new in-
truder. mun. whotltinks that by bob-
bing along on the surface he critt ig-
nore the heritage of the sharks that
swam the primeval seas. millcnitt
before man ever climbed out of the
trees. Here is the shark. it force omel-
lllllll mart. almost its old as titttc.

/.t' I/lt' lt'flilt‘ .i'ltrtr/r Iltc Devil, or in
the Ir'xorr‘rirl'.’ No. He is less narrow
than that. lie is it basic principle of
“"‘ur‘i Perpetuate your own kind
and kill. and devour what surrounds

 Honour Lemelg teaches Mill courses at Sll IA.

 

.’A 2E 8A

ALBANY STUDENTPRESB

 

‘ PM“ 2 am: page and lower tea, “The Lulu suitor" circuit  * . . «-
Upper Mt “am: Sharla and Shark Attack” by David “eloquence left and and sign,
“SHARK: Unpredictable Klller of the Sea”.. smut: Helen. ‘ L -

you. Here. then. swims evolution. . i
What does this age-old shark care

about tourists. vacations. and'sun-

tans? The sea is his and man reveals

only his foolish pridetothink that he

owns this ancient source because he

stands along a coast line or ﬂoats in

barnacled hulls.

Jaws had to set up the premises by

which people could be frightened. It

had to provide the lore ofthe sharks

and to present that information irt a

dramatic fashion. After its opening

sequence of the attacked girl. it

proceeds to give inlormation about

the shark while at the same time

creating a feeling of foreboding.

How but-like and slllttll seem the

towrt officials and the people on tltc

beach. How pctty tltcir concerns.

how foolish their plcusurcs. ltow

selfish their attitudes. llut the film clcntcttl.

does not spend its time itt it lherc are many moments of
sociological study of the various lorcbodiitg. suspense and shock: the
forces on tltc island. \s lbscn did irt shocking motncttts ofcoursccoming
An lz‘nr'nrlr ql'llrr' /’t'rt/t/t‘. ill which ll ill the times when one least expects
doctor finds utit that tltc health thcm. Audiences tliittk that \\llt'll
watcrs at it spit are dangerous and lloopcr swims down to it wrecked
how the physician is pressured tinny ship curly ill tltc film that the fright
nothing so its not to rtiin tltc would cottic frorn tltc outside. not
economy). lhc main concern is tltc tltc insidc of tltc ship. llut the dead
struggle against tltc shark. l:tll|1llzt.\l.s lllL't: appears witltin tltc hull. sending
on the pressures of tltc local tourist the audience itito screams and
agency would have made tltc Iilnt a chattering for minutes afterwards.
tncssngc picture. httt it did riot want it M ttch later. when tltc policeman is at
message: it wanted to tell it the brick of tltc bout Ill bright
stispt scful talc ol the shark. sunlight and complaining that he is

The film consists of it series of tired ofthrowing“this shit";th bait

e\cnts. each providing bits of irtl'or— mcot. ittto the ocean (it icniark that
motion. cacli creating tension and makes tltc audience laugh). a giant
suspense. 'I'hc policeman reads in ‘ llctttl suddenly app-runs in tltc l'rntuc
book about shark itltrtck’s. lltc wrfc. and the audience almost has another
all of a sudden nurtrc of the shark‘s cardiac arrest. Here in a moment of
potential. screams to ltcr children. relative comedy. \vhcu tltc audience
who have been banned lrom swim- lcrist expects it. we first sec the shark
ming. to get ottt of a bout moored to close—up. He is not miles away. btrt
tltc dock. Not even tltc shore is stlfc. right there!

'l he audience lillltllh at licr fear. bitt Most of tltc suspenseful or
a ticw luct has bccn pttt iiito locus. Irightcning episodes irt tltc filttt
Litter whcn some men on tltc dock \\t)t‘l\. 'I here may be some slight Ict-
hook a shark. it pulls do“ ll I he dock. downs and sonic awkward moments
demonstrating its powerful (such as tltc rnothcr spcaktng about
pt'cscncc. lhc first sL'tttIL'IltJL' ol tltc hcr killed child). bttt tltc film cott-
children on tltc moored bout \ctgcs ttnucs to build to thc :tbsolutc
on comcdy. tltc second is already Clltlltl\. lllt.’ death of tlic shark. liut
sllccr' horror. llcspitc tltcsc this victory is not gained without a
moments. tltc lilrtt is only bcginuiug. prtcc. llic captain is killed by his tin—
/\hcnd lic many other stlspe‘ltscltll ctcut ittl\crsrtry.rmd lltltlpL‘l'tltltllllC
and frightening cptsittlcs. I he policemanconicclosetodcntlt. lhcy
\\llltl1.'ttlll.\llllt'lllthUllCHlllllhlllllc.

paranoia begins to grow
litter. Captain Quint. it crusty llnl nc\t trriic‘.’

character. otlcrs to catch lllt.‘ slun'k lltc occau lll tltc \tlllllllcl' ol 1975
He lutics them. A World Witt ll ltcld it more rcspcctlttl and lcrirlul
\clcrrtn. Itc cxpcricnccd tltc sllL'lll benchpopttlrtttontlutnttdidtbcycut
horror ol \ttttclung \llltllxs pick off bclorc Many buthcrs asked Ihc
his buddies onc by out- At llls ltlcgtrtuds about sharks and almost
\lli|l)ttltl. \\L' can we on tltc \\ttlls tltc t-tcr yonc \tlto \lt\\ tltc lilrn was .r lit-
bnncs ol \lllltltts \ltntk lil\\\.L‘llt'll .r tlc trucrrsy. glancing out. perhaps
trophy of his unit t'cycugc \\ lit-n ltc only lront tltc corrth ol tltc eye. to
lctucs to ltrtd tltc shark. thr czitucta \t'v Ihztt tltcrc \\L'l|.' no this ap-
pccrs. through it sci ol |l|\\s. out tltc pr lttlt'lllllll.

\iitltlu“ ill thcdrtrk .trtdsitllcnscti. lll \tid the practical tokcrs too lllltl
that occult. [’Il'tlt'lllltlls this sltttl. arc thctr lltll. \lltlllpltlg [iris onto their
more ol tltcsc |ll\\\. and lI\L' itltcs at bucks and pullmgrubhcr sllitt'ly’s on it
lllill. long llllt‘. ‘s’tck humor. pct https. bill

may: «“sxa-Etwim’ "‘

lhc director cr'ctttcs sitspcttsc rind tltc point has brcn llltltlL‘. No one \\ ill
tension by not shoutng cyctyiluug. t'\ct lccl tlllllt' .h \L'k'lll‘t.‘ itt tltc occztrt
bttt by using indirection. for math» again who sit“ this lilrrt. Romantic
plc. alter lllt: sluirk is lllll pooncd. lllL' moonlight surms It:t\c lcsscncd.
lincsrtrclicdwtth butt'cls /\ll\\t‘t'tlll ./tllt'.t toticltcd ttport our mythic
see is those jottnctng orange barrels tears and made its cvcu niorc tn-
on lltc surface ot tltc s and their secure than before. Shall we ever
disupp'urrtnce as life shark pltiuths ltitvc peace ltlltl cotttl'ot‘t‘.’ Must we
the ocean (lcpllts to rid lttrttscll of always be lr-url'ttl‘.’ .lrnri makes us
these cncumhcrnnccs. Then they Iciirftil. it takes away our sense of
dramatically emerge and we know sitlcty. We have lost more ol our Ill-
tltc shark is itboitt to surface. Ilic noccncc. Neither curtlt. the skies.
shark scctus to know tltc source of ttor tltc occult can be our refuge.
this pain: the ship. Arid so he attacks lhe movies have iuudctltcir mark;
it.tot'orcctlictneniritotltcwrttcr. his they have made its humble. , J

 

Nov...” 1 5.1m ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE 75“ I

 

 

