

 
 

» ."'5F3“‘”~4- . .

my...  .u.

f
i
4'
!

   
 
 
  

P. unwmmummrw

 

 aawmlﬁmi

theduiio-fﬂeppms ‘ ' '

amnio- tu there as. indeed m
Mfwcﬂ'n‘bmoﬂymuh
rheyuyJIv-ﬂheuuerqrma’me
peqlec “is it min pining. cob
sleigh bod 1W the 1nd ‘pufai
du' has in this enemy—m times gm—
omons tilt 'uooi". The ad; whim
m be than there are boils pod and bad
poﬁtidam.

Hnjmnwbukforszmmme
rapidychoﬁng world rim pm.
however. meg a alum piawe. Take. for
couple. the pawn conﬁdant the not:
11be133’preédmiatbehsukinyyumlobn
F. Kennedy.w¢,athz§s kmhema’tmcr—
ly pan of mews.me War 
(ahhoughmdthenvwbebtlaeaedm
Johnson}. I: no: Wt be ind plans for the
murder ed Fidel Castro (or at least the
‘detubiliuu'on' of the Cuban planetarium).
Where “I be, any-23.: rhea the FBI sat
quickly growing into the weren’t strongest
'anti—freedom d tpeech‘ organizzuoo?

We all have that idea that our county‘s
democracy is mourned by our annual cloc-
trom; but  LS more than pulling a
lever, or checking a box out to somebody!
name-it‘s the pamapzu'on of people poison:
in the gm‘anment.

 

'mmuthmabtleeu' d.

 

mmammwmm
na‘hrdh‘n

- “.mvmhamk

ﬂimmrdmbtﬁm

"menu m’So. ammo-sermon

WwaJMk-sehad
Hum Walt-reﬁnan-

mumurmmmm
amummum
1.3.: d We; aimed Ins oom-
pludy‘ ’ ‘bgtheruﬁngpdiﬁalpanzz

In My. wStudzat Association "an
mtohﬁewdtmoezrimdsmmm
all! tit. Fail pagans the/{SPth
MMmemmmmgh
pantie 101:. (Or. in this use. chickens.) With
xﬁszzdndiesbmﬂdlﬁakdthnrxmcﬁ-
beard saying Mrtm'm hating the
Wg'wbesomel’rettidemofm.
It new: hasthmth‘rsiswnﬁmdtoerery
Wuhahlﬁthatktm stubborn:
rigzh W: to man a campaign—an
woe-rusting magma which that; the
Hertz-Aria  lo the ampliﬁed fish and
chic-mm” chit: SA.  ins—mm-
ed from the corruption and an} Wheeling
and ﬁnding“   beam :mmnnaj with for
somyyean.

Tm buggtr tinged) at our ammo: is
the fare: at the demons. when. est-emails:
use are ire: to pin the mom uho will {rod
more detth ways to comrol and manipulate
as we: the next in  TE: SA makes
things «cm: by Iaﬂlng time and money to
contribute to the mmmuauon of this got:
ohm it could be nor’ungrmards foundmga
truly demmztic society «a here we could loin
our hgl’n‘y chenshod podium} ecu-gin} hath
econoch 614123311?

 

 Guru of the Day:
.Togppr 'e aftdd ofswdv only became it leads or ' '
 N , r g ., - tmlytoaob...
toosironpy the econormc end». of higher education J

emphasizes far

~£meu L Bayer
Stale L'ru'teltil) Chancellor

 

 

4

intro- ts um.., .
Museum (0010....

 

MA STIIEA D .37»! FF

ﬁn

"Sump: ths is“
Stew: RAGGIO

 

 

 

News 
Aswan: nuts tonnes

nonunion Known ................. ..
Aswan: noon-non msz
llll‘lOllAI. non lnt‘lﬂl.....

Srom utth ..
ADVIITIIING MA. “.1:

Amount wvnmma sumo:
Ctmmwcunm “A '

 

 
  
  
  
 
   
   
 

 Wit-metro
....A>rmu HHZBHG. CvsrrHtA HACINLI,
Buns Honour;

..antse Mutts
.......ELL£N‘ Fle
.erI Friars-um
Smut FIIEDLANDEI. Slu’lfi't‘ Eisner».
“Murrow KALIHAN‘
Mlctuu. PIEKARSKI
Ltu 8 you. DA-tm. (jams
,.....eru CAMILL

 KATHY LAM

 

 

 

lostan unusual...

 

Prevsz Nancy Emerson
Hill»; accountant: Carol Cotriu

[Ind Iyplll.’ Leslie Eisenstein

Adm/Murmur autumn: Mike Forbes

 

 

A]. a lodge Nem:Alioe Kohn. Robert Kwaru
.7qu] Willem Paul Roumhal. Susan Miller. Jonathan Levemon. Bruce Connoly

Campallllon manage/J: Ellen Batten. Patrick McGlynn

hmmlg-Mu; Arkirtd. 'Kuen Cooper. .Eileen Duggin, Joan Ellswonll. Judi Heltner. Sally
I. , ye atz, Vick: Kunzmnn. Michele Lipton. David Reflrin. Debbie Rieger Joa
Silvﬂbhtt, Laurie Stuttth 5w Vincent. Jody Wilner ' n

Athena/n. piodurtlam Joyce Bella Kell ‘ '
I I . y Krta. Janet Meumer. Meg Roland. An W
"tantra/wraple by University Photo Service and members of Camera Club."c "m

'I'Iu Milo] Stolen l‘nll I: pub/trim! ever ' ' ' '
y flan/a) and I'Ilduy during Iltc .trhaa/ ea! r
 Editorial pIJ/It‘y tr the mpmuIb/Illy of the Editor-In-Chle/ and b rub/«i In 1:57:
:1] I :rlhend bio/ﬂ Mal/r OI/lre: Cumpur Center, Room 1.79: telephone: 457-8592. Address
m to. than) .Studmt Pun. CC 129, [400 Walk/nylon Avenue. Albany. New ank [2222.

................................... .. MtcquL J. Anon.-

 

 

 

 

being” who?

10mm
"LaEaehBeoomeAll HeorSheisCapable

I'hiehiezreallapanof.Tl-risphraschasbeen
sobﬂmimlly ingzined in all of us. We are all
awed its presence onthecafeteriatrays; but
bot-many are truly cogmzant of the existence
d the same phrase upon all university toilet
paper? it cannot be perceived by the naked
eye. but the mind is aware ofit. However. this
it not the strme at hand.

This discussion concerns itself with the
meaning of“. . . capable of being” and how it
applies to the SUNYA campus. ‘Capable of
being‘ implies theconcern for improtcment of
all aspects of existence; however. this is not
true for the SL‘NYA student. The Albany stu-
dent is compelled to better one small aspect of
his her person that aspect being the
academic. This should not be the case—one
should sum: to improve all aspects of his ‘ her
existence. l am particularly concerned with
the neglect for the emotional and aspec‘s that
occurs due to the preoccupation with the
acaoermc.

L

 

d Bdng,‘ The preceding is the non—sexist ver-
sion of the motto oftbis State University of

:lbnudemofﬂbdnySweisexactlvthat
. . 1m sunﬂower/old or anytime {’10pr to.
 oeusiomlly, sexual, Even {he
nextryeutmpededbythe Va-presentobscs.
not: with lademics. This is not a healthy
srtuation and should not continue. I maintaii]
that SUNYA students should reorder their
priorities so they m’llstriwto be more fulﬁlled
emotionally and socially.
’ Greg Lestne

more “buzz”

on the library

To the Editor:

lhate to be the one to inform Mr f.tl.l‘-t‘llt
of the fact that one supposedly wmc'r lo
collegeto learnsomething besides firm In hold
.one's liquor. The library sencs a much mun-
tmportant function than the Rciﬁskt‘llcl
After all. one can drink in the library. but («in
one study in the Rat’H doubt it. 1h;- "hul/"uf
music and people in the Rat at txmc~ rcuhct
the threshold of pain. After that. ll]: "Nu/I'M!
the library lights can hardly be nottm \\ .t
frequenter of both library and neighborhood
bars. I can appreciate the need tor ' v: \nd
when not at either place. I “cn_tu_\

quiet times with" my boyfriends
Numc Hut-Id
b\ ‘. Wm!

 

. .Jlllg

Coffee with Ford

by Jonathan Letemon

An informed voter 15 an intelligent roller.
and informing is a newspaper’s primary func-
tion. To help you to better understand the
issues and candidates. we have scheduled in-
terviews with the top contenders for tltc U.S.
Presidency.

Trus past Saturday, I ﬂew to the nation's
mpr’tal for a private session with President
Ford. Here is the transcript of that meeting:

Levensorr: Good morning. Mr. President.
Ford: Ht. Want some coffee?

L: Thanks.

l: (Drops coffee pot)Ooops. I guess we'll have
some later.

L: Uh. do you constdcr your Nixon dccrsion ..
. (garbled). will that hurt you?

F: Pardon?

L: Yes. that's right—~doyou think your pardon

> of Richard Nixon will hurt your chances for

election?

F: I think the people respect the fact that I had
a difﬁcult decision to make. I might have gone
against popular opinion. but the President
must be brave enough to make unpopular
decisions.

As President Truman said, “If you can't take
the heat, get out of the kitchen."

L: You've frequently mentioned Harry
Truman. Considering his present popularity,
are you trying to enhance your own credibility
by compartng yourselfto him. or do you really
Sank that there are underlying similarities
'97:;cn the Prcsrdentt-tlclccuons of l948und
F: Yes.

L: How about veto power?

5-: You mean that Italian fellow who was shot
down over Russia in the U-2. Wcll . . .

L: No. Your relationship with the Congress
5': 0h. Ihal veto powar. Actually. I think I‘vc
shown considerable restraint in dealing with
the Democratic Congressmen. Of course I
can'ttay the some about Elizabeth Ray. ‘
.: WI" you veto the Humphrey-Hawkins Full
Employment Bill if Congress passes it?

F: No. I feel that these two distinguished
senators deserve the opportunity to
moonlight. if they really need the money

1.: How about money for the IN? .

 

 

F: No way. Government should dk'llllll’. .«tu
out of the vitamin business.

L: Um, well, actually I (cough)

F: Now don't be nervous, son. Artur .t... [lu-
President is a man. with human lr.|1illc~ .llld
(Ford falls off chair). See? 80 rclrn

L: There arc rumors that you're going to lcl
Mrs. Ford take your place at the Scfllcmhct 3.1
debate. Is she really going to spcnd lllL’ n.uut_\
minutes tap dancing?

F: Nope. Betty‘s into ballet.
L: Uh-huh. After sctcrul
attempts. do you feel anxious about noun;
public appearances“!

F: Let me assure you, the Secrcl Strut ' ‘I-I‘
done a damn ﬁne job. In fact. tho'w wn
provided me with bulletproot \csls. tum.
Snx. gloves. and wigs.

L: Hmmm, I don‘t think I rccttll cwr swung
you with a wig.

F: I've said it before. and l'llsoy it itgzun l llL'lL'
will be no coverups in my ztdntinislmtmu

L: Why did you select Senator Dnlc its \t‘l”
running mate?

F: Well. (lighting pipe) I think (punt tlml
Senator Dale's (puff) credentials (putt. pull!
qualify him for—Ooooww

Secret Service Agent Davin: Mr. l’lc‘sldt‘lll "
I": It's okay. Torn. ljust burnt my (mph-tut-
deleted) ﬁnger.

L: Mr. President, should we change thc l lcr-
torol College? Does it need rcform‘.’

il.\\.t\\ln.lllttll

F: I'm not really familiar with the stttuumn
over there. I went to Michigun Sttttc ntw‘“
L: I mean our system of electing u l’rctldc'“
The federal government gave you and W
Curler more than 40 million dollars to Iuml
both your campaigns. Isn't this unltur 10 Hr
dependent candidates. like Mr. Mct‘urlhl'
F: Now look son. the days of Cull‘lmlC-lllllllllll
in this country are over. We won't gin: ’Hk'
McCarthy one red cent.

1.: I'm referring to the independent Cttlltlttlult'
for president. (lent: McCarthy.

l": Gene. Joe. don't confuse me. Ah. hair's
some more c0ffcc---Oooops.

L: Here. let me help you up. Mr. President
That was it nutty full.

F: That's okay. I'll be grind us IIL'Wr
Remember, I'm rt Ford, not on lidscll

 

 

 

 

I  sentiments
for
sentiments

To the Editor: -
Being an avid reader of the ASP. l was very
pleuuntly surprised. to find an article entitled
“Senior Sentiments" in last Friday's paper. I
am also in my fourth year at this institute. and
I found Cary Scott Goldingct's column on
seniors to be a most enlightening account of
some of my own "sentiments" on being a
senior. I found it very easy to relate to a great
deal of the things that Mr. Goldingcr men-
tioned in his column, and I am looking
forward to reading more articles expressing
concern and humor about the perilous plight
of the seniors. You see. ltoo. want to make it

over that concrete wall.
Andrea Mttrkowitz

and more
sentiments

 

To the Editor:

In this post Friday‘s ASI’. unttrticlccntitlcd
“Senior Sentiments“ cttught my attention. I
haven‘t enjoyed an article us much as this one
in u long time. Mr. Goldingcr has very
definitely captured the concept of being it
senior. and he does it with it quick wit and
some very accurate unulysis. Being a senior
myself. and also in my fourth your at Albttny.l

found it very «ﬂy to relitc'to everything Mr.
Goldinger tllked about in MI  ‘

I am eagerly awaiting my future articles on
Seniors that I hope will appear regularly in our
school newspaper.

Dear Mom,“ * _   

Howard ll. Weidner
the human thing
to do

To the Editor:
For the betterment of humanity, l have
decided to send to you the anthem of the Stu-
dent Corps for Rchibition:
"Give Ireland back to the Irish
Give Lapland back to the laps.
Give China back to the Chinese
And Stare Quad back to the laps!"
I hope that all humanity profits from this
work of on.
Lee Kallct

women watching

To the Editor:
| wish to extend my upprccitttion to Mr.
Rodney Hurt. Director of Admissions.
The women on campus look dynamite this
year. I don‘t know what he did, or what the
new admission requirements tire—but God
bless hint.
Name witheld

by request

 

My first couple of weeks here at SUNYA huVe been prettyborit‘t ,
going to my classes, and they‘re not bad, but somehow things don’t lock '
toogood. , ‘ H , V,  ’

The school doesn’t have enough money to keep the libraryLopen full
titne, so I'm having problems getting all of my studying done. But they
spent some big bucks redoing the Rat, our on-campus tavern,so~l'stop
over there and blow beers after thelibrary closes. . ’ ,

The President of the university says he wants to use campus resources
to solve problems dealing with public policy. But it seems to me that
we’ve got enough problems to deal with around here without taking on
the state’s too.

I can‘t blame the President alone, though. At least not yet. He's
probably getting pressure from higher-ups somewhere to take this sort
of action. Funny thing is, some of the big cheeses want to boost our
tuition—on top of all this. Get the picture? Those bastards want us to
pay them more to teach us less so that this friggin' place can help them
solve their problems. .

The vending machines on campus can be a real hassle. The bill
changer spits back bills, the candy machine sucks up change, the soda
machines are always empty, the cigarette machines are usually out of
order, and the coffee machines serve the coffee without any cups.

They've got new charcoal broilers in the cafeteria, so the hamburgers
are alright. But my buddy says they still wash the mold off of the jello

with a fire hose every morning. . '
Dorm life would be good—for pack rats. I’m in a six man suite wrth
nine guys. nine stereos, nine girlfriends, and nine cases of the crabs (we

share the same john). .
Drugs aren’t really a problem here. They’re easy to get and lots of

 

people use them.

 

 

 

 

 

Independence
in Africa

by Oregon C. Laws Ill

While sitting in the student ttctivitics
building of Temple University when I wrts tt
student thcrc. I met a young .lttmtticun
woman. We had on enlightening conversation
about the “Rustil'uriuns.” which the lady cullcd
“Jamttictt‘s hippie cult." l. attcr I met u young
Victnttmcsc womttn trying to get into dental
school,

If! had not been 11 student ol'intcrnutionttl
politics, I would not have known who the
Rastifuriuns wore or why ll girl from South
Vietnam who speaks very liltlc English would
be in this country. Many Americans kttow
very little about intcrntttionul politics, los-
pccittlly the political conflicts within Afrtctt.
Three groups rcuclingtothcsc conflicts me the
Africul Notional Congress (ANC). the Zim-
bttbwc Africun l’coplc‘s Union(ZAl’U) and
thc Pttrtido Africrtno do lndcpcndcncitt dc
Guinc c Coho Verde (I’AIGC).

The African Nuttonul Congress of South
Africu. whose beginning predates the Ntttionul
Association for the Advunccmcnt of Colored
l’coplc (NAACP) in the U.S.. begun armed
political activity in I960. 'l‘hcir change in
policy. i,c. pacifist to militant. wns the result of
the Shurpcvillc. South Africa mrtssucrc. Hcrc.
the ANC titung u pcttccl‘ul dcmonstrutton
against South Africa's puss luws requiring ll"
people of color to curry idcnttftcutton with
them in ttll times. Oncc the demonstration
begun, frightened police opened ﬁre upon the

unarmed Africans; lettving 69 dcud uud muny

wou ndcd.

The purpose of the ANC has always been to
liberate people of color in South Afrlcrt from
their oppressive conditions. Presently this
goal is supported by many African and Euro-

perm countries.

Other than these little problems, everyt

write—and send a check before the weekend.

Similar to South Africa. Rhodesia (Zim-
bttbwc) hos internal problems caused by the
Zimbabwe African People‘s Union. Even
though Rhodesia is it country of more than 4
million blucks ltnd approximately 50,000
whites. the minority controls with very strict
racist lows and the threat of physical violence.
ZAPU‘s gottl is to change these laws and their
legislators by fortning u government which
will represent the total population. The laws
pcrpct noted by lun Smith and his predecessors
guvc birth to ZAPU‘S decision for armed
struggle in I969. bccuusc blucks no longer
wuntcd less cupitttl than whites and limits on
their personal freedom. According to at recent
issue of the New York Titties Magazine. “the
gucrrillus. who have grown into ll formidable
force in Rhodcsiu. are winning."

Armed poltttctu ucttvtty is not limited tothe
southern portion of Africa. PAIGC is an
orgunizution who fought uguinst colonial rule
of (luineu und Cape Verde Islands by Por-
tugal. I’AIGC begun in I959, because ofthc
overt und cxploitutivc actions of its colonizcr.
consulting of the exploitation of numerous
mineral deposits.

I’AIGC's main objectives were, and still are
an: immcdiutc establishment of national in-
dependence and democracy, and the social
and culturul udvttncemcnt of the people of
Guincu und the Cape Verde Islands. Presently.
the guerrillas have won and the Portuguese

have left.

Evert though ANC. ZAI’U. and l’AIGC ure
scptu'utc organizations. they have the sum:
goulwgovcrnmcnt which represents its pop-
ultttion. lun Smith. prime minister of
Rhodesia. referring to insurgent movements
in his country mid. “never in u thousand years

will they win."
I ugrcc: it should not take more than 10

Love,
J unior

‘ _. ‘~ -.

VOULD BE (N Y0

 

 

ycttrs.

 

' ’CDRESIDEll/T FIELD§ Firis
A PE EZFUL ZETTLEMENT

hing’s cool. Don’t forget to

    
 
   

- ;.1.\'

UR BEST

 

m reuesr .2:
SJLPMSI ,_

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

7m“m_a§u  y

.21’»

 

 

