by «arms

 

 

%



 

 

Saturday. March 27th at 7:30

pm. there Will be a wheelchair
basketball game at University Gym.
The opponents for the game are the
Farmingdale Aggie Ilobcats and a
team" composed of brothers of ‘the
Delta Sigma Pi Fraternity.

The proceeds from the game will
be used to purchase special
wheelchairs for use by the ban-
dicapped to better utilize the gym
facilities.

The event is being co-sponsored
by DS P. the business fraternity. and
SIPH. Students for the Improve-
ment for Programs for the Han:
dicapped.

Irving Dunn. the community ser-

: . Hm Deltasigm pi;
9’4” Campus Handicapped.

vice chairman -of ‘DSI’. and Jim
Reth.‘a brother of DSP. have been
Working with Fred Shenn, ‘ Coun-
cilor of Disabled Students. and Bar-
bara Swartr. President of SIPH. in
planning the game and'use of the
proceeds.

“The purposes of the game are to
increase both the awareness of the
handicapped‘s abilities and the use
of the gym facilities by the ban-
dicapped." said Dunn.

The Farmingdale team is com-
posed of college students playing
other handicapped teams in a
schedule of 7-8 games. There are
three differences between NCAA
and Wheelchair basketball. Aplaycr
cannot push his chair more than

solemn

Feceoff at center-court during AMIA Floor Hockey League game.

Hockey Playoffs Underway;
Tight GamesHiyhliyhtPlay

by Nathan Salant

Playoff action was fast and
furious in : 'IlA's Floor Hockey
League Sunday. as three of the ﬁve
games were decided by one goal. in-
cluding a marathon 29-minute over-
time match won by the IIVD‘s. 4-3.
over the Cheekies.

BVD‘s 4. (Iheeltleti 3

Dennis Dcl.isle‘s l5-footcr at
I910I of the second overtime period
gave the IlVD‘s a 4-3 upset win over
the second seeded Checkics.

A pair of goals by Tom Martin.
the second on t/ powcrplay withjust
l4 seconds rc‘ aining in regulation
play. tied thty game at Z-all. as the
BVD‘s watched a 2-0lcad disappear.

Fifteen seconds intotbe first over-
time period (a ten minute. non-
sudden death affair) John Romano
converted on a Tom Grace pass to
give the Cheekies a short-lived 3-2

lead. DcLitrle erased it three minutes

later. and scored the gamewinner on
a feed from Paul Shallenbcrgcr.

The llVD‘s got goals from Jim
Holland and Shallenbergcr in the
first and second periods. respective-
ly. to take that early 2-() lead.

Spinners 3. STB I

Joel Goldberg's unassisted goal
midway through the second period
proved to bet he gamcwinncr. as the
Spinners beat 5'”). 3-l and secured
the eighth seed in the playoffs in it
iicbrcakcr created when both teams
ﬁnished with 8 points in the stan-
dings.

The Spinners led l-() on a goal by
Bruce Swanson, also unassisted. at
7:55 of period one and stretched the
lead to 2-() before Jim Brown struck
paydirt on a feed from Itob Baxter
just 56 sceoadsiniot iv third period.

Mike Mcher wrapped it up with
an insurance goal 'at 7:l6.

continued on page fourteen

twiCe in succession before dribbling. -
shooting or passing. because it
, results in a travelling call. An offen-
sive player is allowed five seconds in
the shooting lane. as opposed to the
NCAA‘s three. Also. a player must
not raise himself off the seat of his
chair to shoot or pass. This is a
technical foul. three of which result
in being thrown out of the game.
Of the nine members of the Far-
mingdale team. eight are paraplegics
and one is a quadraplegic. The
quadraplegic is the only female oh
the Farmingdale team. Donna
Wellman. The Delta Sig team is
composed of thirteen brothers and
pledges. as well as SUNYA han-
t'onlimterl on pagefuurieen

The ehot Ie upee the brot here of Delta Sigma PI practice for Saturday'e

solemn

wheelchair balketball game with Farmlngdale.

' Major Leagues Vie For Toronto

NEW YORK (AP) Toronto. which
recently lost out on a franchise
switch. now finds it is being wooed
by both leagues.

I'm overjoyed." said Paul God-
frey. chairman ofthe Metropolitan
Toronto Council. "One fair maiden
and two suitors—that has to say
something about the kind of city
Toronto is.“

It is an ironic twist for the Cana—
dian city which lost the National
League Giants when San Francisco
found financial interests to buy the
club and keep it there.

Saturday. both the American
League and National League ex-
pressed interest in Toronto. The
American League took the intiative
by voting If to l to expand to
Toronto in I977. Then the National
League responded by saying it
would actively consider expansion in
I977. also to Toronto.

The American League has a head

is if»?

Ind Ield (left) and Non Minute hm done the beerde In regtiter-eeaeon um. bum in.

start. but the National League seems
to have the advantage of having a
ready-made rivalry in the Montreal
Expos. Chub Fccncy. president of
the National League. said the N1.
had not committed itself to definite
expansion in I977 but it could con-
vcnc a meeting “on a moment‘s
notice.“

Lee Macl’hail. president of the
American League. said the AL's
move was prompted by a desire to
Irave an even number of teams for
the 1977 season. The American
League is already committed to
Seattle as a fifth team.

Interleague Play

Ilut the American League would
probably not be adverse to yielding
on Toronto and maintaining l3
teams in each league in I977. provid-
ed there was inter-lcaguc pltiy. The
AI. favors inter-league play. but the
NL is opposed to it.

“There is one ballpark in Toron-

to." Macl’hail said. “Wcare not corr-
tcrnplatirtg two teams. If the
National League votes to expand
and continues in its desire to go to
Toronto. then either the National
League or the American League will
be successful in placing a team."

Macl’lrail said that the American
League would now start making
plans for t he ‘I'oronto franchise. “We
now must make definite plans con-
ccrrting price and talkingtogroups."
he said. “It gives us a head start tothc
extent that we have madcacommit-
ment to expand and they have not."

Meanwhile. negotiations between
the owners and the players on a new
lithol contract were expected to
resume today.

The owners on Saturday withdrew
their “best rind final offer.“ to which
Marvin Miller. executive director of
the Players Association. said: “It‘s a
negotiating tactic. They can do
anything they want.“

Vlhdere and Naneeke. Ioth teams advanced to the IIti‘IHlnII with pteyott wine Iundey.

il’ZSAndbox

PUBLISHED BY THE STUDENT ASSOCIATION

s. Raise Prices

Food

At present the Central Council
l‘ood Committee consists of 5
active members and is
concerning itself with all aspects
of campus wide "eating". If you
have any specific complaints
about the food on campus. they
should be taken to the food
committee on your own Quad.
These Quad committees meet
with the Food Service Director
and all complaints such as: “The
roast beef stunk on Tuesday
night". are noted and taken care
of, All comments. regardless of
how minor. are encouraged.

0n the Central Council Food
Committee each member 's
working on a separate projch
llarbura l.cibowit/ is looking
into new meal plan policies such
as a coupon system. Debbie
Ruskin is working on adding
music to all eating areas: either
jukc boxes. radio or tapesystcm.
(icor'gc l)cl.ucu is investigating
the possibilities of a week of beer
and ice cream on the poditrm.
Robyn l’crchik is working with
the loud Co-op while I rim
trying to get a discount for meal
card holders iii the l’atroon
Room.

ll you have any comments or
wish to work on any of thcsc
protects. contact any of the
above named members or put a
note in my mailbox in Campus
Center 346,

l)uvnl (jolt/o lint ('Imr'r/n'rsmr of
Hip l’oml ('onrnrr'l/cr' of Control

('ounrr/

Round Robin Coﬂehouse

by Doug Van let

IIrrs Sunday. March 28. four
simultaneous Coffeehouses Will
open. one on catch of the uptown
quads. beginning the first annrral
Round—Robin Coffeehouse.

Senior Class ()fficcr Dave
llloom. who originated the
Round«kobin Coffeehouse
proposal. is coordinating the
:vcnt which is berngjointlyfund-

Central Council: Committees

A&AS

by Anne Markowitz

The Administrative anti Aux~
illiary Services committee had a
meeting last yvcek. Several items
were discussed.

Mitch rind Norm explained
that the student accounts people
work out refunds manually.
while the hills are done via corri-
ptrtcr. The latter is done before
the first. which makes it even
worse. llrut is the cause of the
delay in student refunds. and
thrc reason why we get our bills
so Inst. llll I. if the refund is not
picked up. they will dcdrrct it
from your next bill.

.luy (Miller) is working with
the Campus Center People on
the following: the fire tthc place
needs a good cleaning). furniture
in the ()Cl.. music in sortie
lounges. longer hours at the Rat.
and the information desk. l'hcy
are working on it. Joe R. rs work-
mg on an or'ticlc concerning otrr
rr\rtrlabr|ity to otrr files. Anne is
trll trying to luryc more on-
camprrs phones in the CC.

.\l'W ASSIGNMI'N | S were
grycn out. llonnrcischcckrrrgotrt
record ctr-ops. l.lo_\d wrll have
the ttttstycts to the whys and
\tltcr'clolcs ol the little green
buses on the days of our rest. Ilc
wrll also rnqrirr e aboutrhe non-ht
lightssurrourrdrngtlrc crrmpusrn
the wee hours of thc nrglrt, .lelf rs
going to \pt‘tth wrtlr the ('lllA
pcirplc to see li something can be
worked out as far .is discounts
for off campus people go.

ed and rrranrrgcd by Colonial.
Dutch. Indian. Illlti Slate Quad
lloarth and the Class of [970.
According to llloom. there will
he li\c or srs drllcrent musical
groups playing Ill each
coffeehouse during the evening.
"When the performers on. say.
Dutch Quad have played for
about half an hour. they will
move to lirdran. and be replaced

a!

Busses

by Bart Minsky

Students who are presently
contracting for apartments for
next ycrrr may be relieved to hear
that there will be regular bus
service. According to Frank
Kopf. director of the Physical
Plant. “As sure as I will have my

job next year. there will be buses
to Draper." For those students
who will be at the Wellingtor
next year. they needn't ht.
alarmed either. .lohn Welty
Director of Residences said

“Yes. ther's will be buses to the
Wellington as well,“

There has been some
discussion of bits service being
crrt to the nil. due to the fact that
the Allen Center will be closing.
There was also discussion of
whether there would even be a
Wellington next year if buses
were completely ctrt otrt. but we
may surmise that the Wellington
will continue to exrst.

On another note for those of
you who are wondering for what
possible reason Yankee Irails
lrrtyc taken over the weekend bits
schedule. you do not stand alone.
Not trntil \cry rcccntly has
Student Assocrarron known the
reason. btrt according to Frank
Kopf. this \t'tts done because
there was a deficit of five drivers.
Rather than cuttrngtltc Monday
through l‘rrday schedule. be
completely wiped out the
scckcnd schedule and hired
Yankee lr'ruls as a replacement.

on Dutch by the lrltlr group. and
tire groups on each of the other
quads wrll more to the next
quad llus way. there will be
continuous rrtttslc at each
cottcehouse. and when it‘s all
met. the audiences will have en—
joyed the music of five drflerent
acts,"

lhcrc Will be no admission
charge. and on most of the quads

March 25, 1976

Tuition Up $100

The SUNY Board of Trustees, meeting
in New York passed a resolution imple-
menting the Stateis requested tuition
and room rent increases. The tuition
hike is expected to raise $16 million
gnd the room rent hike will bring in
.6 million in SUNY revenue.

Undergraduate students will pay
$100 dollars more yearly while grad—
uate and professional students will
be charged $200 and $400 more reso-
ectivly.

The trustees approved room rent
hikes of $100 yearly while nearlv
200 students from Purchase. Old West—
bury, Freedonia and Binghamton demo-
nstrated peacfully outside.

 

'Wtoriol

Fields Plan

The following was read by Andy Bauman at a press conference on
Monday March 22 in the Assembly Hall

Last Monday. President Fields announced his plans forinstitutini
the mandated cutbacks in the SUNY Albany operating budget.

For the most part. the work and decisions of the Task Force seerr
to be reasonable. however. some questions remain conspicuously
unanswered.

Why did President Fields decline to altcrany Task Force decisions
even though both ofthe groups be appointed to review cited 14 areas
of concern? Is it rational to expect all 14 areas in question to be
unfounded in fact‘.’ And what are those facts that the Task Force
used? All of the 'l'ask Force worksheets were destroyed. and thus
unavailable to both review channels. This can only lead to
speculation on hidden inconsistencies.

Both rcvicw channels had their hadns tied by their limited charge
and resources. President Fields‘ charge to these councils only for
review based on new information or procedural inconsistencies.
ignoring whether or not the decisions were logical. And even with the
limited charge. President Fields rejected all [4 concerns that both
councils agreed upon. One must wonder why he asked for theirinput
in the first place. Was it to help him make more rational decisions. or
to be merely used as art easy means to legitimize his decisions?

In addition. there are questions about the dccisionsthcmselvcs. As
background. it must be remembered that all the irtformation for the
[risk Force's work. was provided by Fields direct assistants or his
institutional research office.

Why were only two positions cut from the area of General
Administration while all other areas were cttt by over 96 positions?
liven by the 'lask l‘orcc‘s own admission. their work in the non—
instructional areas was hastily done due to ti me constraints. Thus. the
Administration's own rccommcndatrons for administrative cuts were
generally followed by the [risk Force. In these times of educational
cutbacks. shouldn't the greater emphasis be placed on cuts in
administrative bureaucracy rather than in our teaching faculty?

l-inrilly. there is the cut of the nursing program. Our nurses are in
such demand that each and every graduate has a job waiting. The
decision was based on a strict adherence to traditional academic
criteria while completely ignoring the pressing social need for our
high quality Nursing program. [his is no time for the President of a
State University to cow er iii an ivory tower of academia. New York
State has a responsibility to ltlL‘IillillC the training of health care
personnel. and the best place II can bcdone is in our own universities.

ls Ianders vs
Philadelphia Flyero

wst 350mm.
Monday .Night at 7:50

 

 

continued on page 2

 

 

