  
  
 
      
   
  

            
   
   
    
    
    
    
     
        
      
        
      
     
     

{.
.r
t

.aMM,,VW,,_. __ . ..

.w~t\aﬂ.*.¢iﬁ..rs§jk-1.$.m maﬁﬁﬁ 

e;.-t..,m'..~. ‘x;

 

 

 

 

’ C [mauve-ruinous creature indeed.ThiI
r animnl'feeds upon the nerves and patience of
. all licet‘ueholders‘who. on the average of once ’

Moscow » .,
cane‘ther‘day stthe Department of
'Vehiclei—ethat ‘l' '

  
 

 

a'year. get aprime example of bureaucratic
pins-rose  . - '

'I'hebuilding's exterior is of ofﬁcial-looking
cement and glau, with ‘New York State
Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV)
printed on the door, and meaning ‘Humanity
relinquished here. please leave your mind in
your vehicle.‘ Occasionally, a brave, foolhear-
ty individual will attempt to endure this steel
grinder with open eyes. ultimater resulting in
a short stay in one of thewonderful New York
State Homes, with lawsuits ranging from
broken glass to public assault of a mannequin.

Today it is my turn to renew my license. It
expired six months ago and l have not yet
taken care of it. I am ready, I have a plan. Last
semester I studied stoic philosophy and am
now determined to enter, be processed and‘
leave,the DMV with a smile painted on my
face; ignore the pain, just smile.

   

Nextl I've been here for seven minutes and
am now the fourteenth person on the informa-
tion line. Men and women of all colors, shapes
and sizes are wailing around me. all with the
patience of sides of beef. The blue-white
flourescent lighting gives everything greyish
hue—employees, clients. ta‘bles, forms and
thirty two blue-grey pearly teethsitting smart-
ly behind a side grin. I must look hideous. but
what does that matter where I'm just a screw-
ball in a world of loonies.

Nextl I‘ve breathed precisely three hundred
and forty seven times here on the information
line. Now it is my turn, and I‘d better come to
some sort of understanding with the informa-
tion clerk or else I will be examining scalps for
another half hour. Not altering my facial ex-
pression one iota. I say.. “Good morning.” No
reply; it marionette in limbo. Still smiling l
repeat, “Good morning. l'would like to renew
my license. please." Ahh . . . now she
springs to life. Obviously she is not
programmed for greetings, at least between
nine and ﬁve.

"What kind, what color, what year, what
age. what date expired?" she demands.

“What color, what form, what line, I don't
know, you're supposed to be the information
personl'.‘ i felt like saying, but checked myself
with a simple. “Good morning, I would like to
renew my license. please. You see, I have been

,overseas and don‘t know exactlygvhat it is i
should do.“ _

She scrutinized me like a nervous bull
before charging. Suddenly papers came ﬂying
in a whir—sort (of like a mini tickertape
parade. Her voice started at ground zero and
speeded up to an ungodly helium screech.

“Fill this out, Fillthat outuAnd after that ﬁll

overdone

  
   
 
 

and I9:  = . . - 7
“Creeping Jesus shit!” I mutter to myself
through my smile. “I‘vewandered into a time

'warpl". Suddenly, I could feel all of my

carefully rehearsed lines vanishing like water
into a vacuum. “What?” I asked. My smile

I began to falter, ever so slightly, at the corners M
- 'of my mouth. “Could you please go over that

resin?" ‘

“I'm sorry. sir.” she said, “There are others
on this line 'who have been waiting. For more
information you must go to line number two."
Barn.'Case closed. The bureaucratic hammer.
lturnedaround and stared into ﬁfteen pairs of
eyes. -

‘_‘I don't see anyone.” I said turning back to
face her. She flinched at this. Thousands of
neurons. asleep from so much daily humdrum
were trekking across her cranial cavity to pre-
sent what they considered an illogical case to
her conscious mind. 'Does not compute‘ was

‘ written across her forehead in letters as plain

as day. Now I saw that I had ruined my
chances for a successful operation at this
DMV. I had awakened her; stirred her mind
from the anesthesia required as a prerequisite
to the smooth and ﬂawless operations in a
bureaucracy. i could now see that meaningful
communication between the two of us—as
person and system—was receding from the
realm of possibilities. It wouldjust be too dif-
ficult. She was looking at me with the expres-
sion of a human beingwho hadjust heard non-
sense. She was. however. somewhere in that
never-never-land between person and
machine. It was at that moment that I saw
what my new plan of action would have to be.
There was a dilemu which would have to be

’ solved: she was eying Me as if I were nonsense,
but I could not agree with her definitions. In '

all honesty I could not view the DMV as
anything but nonsense. We were. as it were, at
a stalemate. I would have to modify my plans:
nonsense was the way of life here at the DMV.
The logical solution was. of course. to paddle
with the current, not against. You go faster
and use less energy. Yes sir, push this nonsense
to the hilt. Make it a real kamakazi trip: wipe
out in the first turn and take an innocent info
clerk with’ me. .

"Good morning". I said. “I would like to
renew my license. you see . . . “

“Yes. yes. It has expired?!"

“Yes Mu'am."

“When?” Still grinning like a madman I
took out my wallet and slowly fumbled

through it. .

“Social Security card, school
l.D.. . . . AHH. license. Yes. Here.lhave it
right here . . . See?"

“When did it expire?" The metallic tone in
her voice indicated that she was approaching
the outer limits. Behind me, feet were shifting
about impatiently. The anesthesia of lights
and computers was wearing off. I handed her
the license. She scrutinized it.

"Sir . . . This is a dog license."

"Oh." I laughed, “isn't that funny. I don‘t
even drive a dog. I drive a lemon." Bythe time
she lifted up the security phone I was halfway
to the door. unfulﬁlled, but satisﬁed.

Placement Tips

For those who are not familiar with the
Placement Office. the Center is located in AD
l35 and h open 8:30-5:00, Monday through
Friday. Counselors are usually available und
no appointment is necessary. but if you wishto
make a speciﬁc appointment, please call in ad-
vance (457-8251).

A commonly asked question is who is eligi-
ble to use these services. All SUNYA students
can use the ofﬁce. but we focus on aiding
seniors, graduate students and alumni in ﬁn-

. ding employment. (Graduate school counsel-

ing is provided by faculty and counselors in
the University College.)

Come by and get acquainted withthe office.
See what services are available and begin the
registration process. It is especially important
for seniors who will be graduating in

;

December to come in as soon as possible. In
october. graduate school recruitment will
begin. Representatives from the Adelphi Un-
iversity Lawyer's Assistant Program, Long
Island University School of Business Ad-
ministration. and the Wharton School of
Business will be on campus recruiting students
early in the fall. Also coming will he recruiters
from Texaco Inc. and ACTION (Peace Cor-
ps/Vista). Check the Placement Office for
speciﬁc information concerning the exact
dates for these and other recruitment
schedules.

Accounting students are urged to contact
tlte Placement Ofl'tce IMMEDIATELY con-
cernlng procedures to follow for on-campus
interviews with the “Big 8" and other accoun-
ting ﬁrms.

 

"5 ix, quad"

To the Etltos: .

An important and vital free service may be
passing by a great part of the student popula-
tion. ' Five Quad Volunteer Ambulance is

needing emergency transportation from their

off-campus apartments. Keeping the phone

number. 457-8633, available in one‘s apart-

ment can save time, money, and especially

someone‘s life. Maybe Five Quad should
change their name to "Six Quad".

Eric Kuehn

Ofﬁce Manager

Student Health Insurance Ofﬁce

ecological
unbalance

To the Editor:
Currently, the mighty trees in California‘s

logging operations on the perimeter of the
park.

Many may wonder what value the
redwoods in California have for us here across
the United States. The imminent destruction
of these giant trees is but another example of
the general nationwide environmental decay
occuring at the present time. Local pollution

 

problems are but another example of this
same problem.

‘ be it the trees in California.

available to all students, including those I

Redwood National Park are endangered by ‘

Natural resources throughti‘ut our country,
t e Gr

or the Atlantic Waterfront, are 31:33::
affetned by this environmental plague, Th:
result is the same destruction of irreplaceable
resources and natural wonders. Our environ.
ment is suffering from a lack of foresight or
our public ofﬁcials and various private in.
terest groups as well as the public at large
Though some may ﬁnd it difficult to Comparc‘
sludge on our beaches with toppled giant trees
there is no question that the impact of both is‘
ultimately destructive.

The burden of guilt lies not only with those
exploiting these resources, but even more so
with a public which refuses to take action
agath such environmental degradation.

Although Congress has set aside Redwood
National Park for posterity. the surrounding
slopes above the trees are an integrnl ptlrl ol
the park's ecological balance. Prcsc nlly. clcnr-
cutting lumbering techniques undcrtnkcn on
these slopes are endangering the rcdu'tmds
below. Resulting erosion and silt tit-posits
threaten the entire park. This grotc nl
redwoods resprescnts some of thc lnrgcst lltltl
oldest trees in the entire world. Vunotn lll-
tcrest groups, throughout thc ycurs. Itntc u ug-
ed an intensive lobby effort nintctl al et-
ploiting this area for shortsightcd economic
gain. What can we do? While the (till ulcu of
“writing to your Congressman“ may be
overemploycd by various cnuscs. u )llii
remains an effective tool in registering public
opinion. Such correspondence will not go un-
heeded. Hearings in Washington urc
scheduled in the near future dctlling uuh tltc
redwood controversy. Onc possible stlilllltln
under consideration advocates the protccuon
of the entire area as a nationnl pnrklnnd.
thereby protecting the slopes undcr Llllcslltlll.
Public comment on this issue rnny dccttlc the
fate of these giant trees. Wrilc to your
Senators at the Senate Officc lttnlthnu.

 

 

.5»-

 

uro REMEMBER,
0R NoT To REMEMBER...

 

 
  
   
  

 

 

 

 
 

‘ ashington D.C..20$05‘ hdtyotlrlllepsesen-
live at the House Ofﬁce Buildingmsm.
tress the urgency of the situation and urge
ongress and the Administration to cooperate

saving the park-Act soon before the I

dwoods become a fondmemory of what

vas. .
Slum Bondell

Francis X; Casale Jr.

Pol. Science undergraduates
State University of New York- at Albany

childish crime

 

o the Editor:

Today a friend of ours was walking through
oloniul Quad when she was struck on the
end by .1 water balloon. It hit her with suf-
icicnl force to make her dizzy, and she had to
it down on the spot for about ten minutes. It
ook that long for one of the young men in-
Volvcd to come to her aid.Thc rest Scattered.
'I'hrowmg objects is at best childish. The
bossibility that it might harm someone makes
tn criminal act. The crime was compounded
by the inactivity of those who threw the
balloon and others present on the quad. Wcrc
hcsc fun-loving youths proud of what they
had done, or were they afraid that some
punitive measure might be taken? Or were
hcy ambivalent about the whole incident? No
one can tell. The only certainty is that whoever
did it ttppcurs to lack the qualities necessary to
ilivc with other human beings.

an attempt to be civilized. A public apology n

P.A. is in order.
Or is that too much to ask?
John Relethford e Hollie Jaffe
Editor's Nole: Dr. Hood, Director of Student
Health Service said.

“Such childish pranks. far from being
harmless. can unfortunately result in ruptured
ear drums with permanent deafness, eye in-
jury, etc. "

scholarly

in-communicotion . .

To the Editor:

I‘ve often wondered why a term paper must
be I0 pages. Now I know.

Scholarly mcuns verbose. Why say, “he
can“ when “he is totally cndowcd with the
ability to“. fills my paper three times faster.
“He was unable to relate any additional infor-
mation beyond the fuel that" (he said) might
mercifully sttvc me from reading another
rcfcrcncc. God forbid the energy problem be
solved inn scvcn page trcztstisc — it would be
considered “of insufficient lengthto be worthy
ol‘cruditc untl scholarlyconsideration" (junk).

Yes. clutter is the answer. lcss. scholarly
communication become "inoperative."

Larry C. Grimm
Brubachcr Hall

 

The Albany Student Press welcomes let/er:
m the editor. Letters must be typewritten.
triple-spaced, and signed. Nantes will be
wilhlwld on request. Please bring or send
lcllerr to Cant/tut Con/er Room .729 by

J ,

 

’I'o apologize at this time would not right
any wrong, but it would at least demonstrate

 

Wednerday for pub/icolion in the Friday
tissue and by Sum/oyfor the Tuesday issue.

 

 

“Political” Paradox

by Tom Scherbenko

ls student tux money being used to help
bomb Palestinian Refugee Camps?

The Jewish Student Coalition placed an
advertisement in the first ASI’ of the year.
which apperter on Scptcmhcr 3. One state—
ment the group made in this ad wusthut u pur-
pOSc of the organization was to support and
giva aid to Israel. This shouldn‘t come as u sur-
prise to anyone; but the fact that .ISC receives
funds from the Student Association com-
plicates the matter.

No one is claiming that JSC nskcd Central
Council for 51.000 to buy uranium for Israel‘s
atomic bomb development. The question
which arises here is, does Central Council con-
sider JSC to heart non-political group or what
'l (Political organizations cannot receive SA
funds.)

Some strange situations do appear if we
look back tnlotime a little bit. In the spring of
1975. Central Council eliminated all of Pence
Project's funding. claiming that Pence Project
was a “political organization". The Chairper-
son of Central Council at that time (a fellow by
the name of Lewis Fidler. undoubtedly on his
way to becoming a lawyer bythis time) went so
far as to write a letter to the ASP, stating that
Peace Project was a “left-wing" organization!
Many people were surprised. as munythought
the idea of "peace" was outside political boun-
daries. By Central Council‘s definition.
however. advocating pcuce was the same as
being a left-wingcrmuo ifs. ands, or buts.

Meanwhile, an organization dedicated to
the, maintenance of Israel continues to be
funded. Some of us who‘ve been here a while
(probably too long) remem her the f undruising
campaign that JSC had during the October.
1973 Middle East War. Directly orindirectly,
Central Council has been funding (with our
lax money, remember) a country which has
been involved in wars with its neighbors. and
Shoots down innocent refugees in "retaliation"

a .,t.."tt «vlc

for terrorist activities or United Nations votes
which didn‘t go their way. Ilut. an organiza-
tion which stands for peace can‘t receive funds
because its "political"?

An even more interesting contrast is the
refusal of Central Council to fund the US.-
China People‘s Friendship Association. The
lJSCI’FA stands for friendship between the
people of two countries with very different
social systems; it does rtot advocate political
change in cilltcr the United States or China
(cg. it does not stand for building socialism in
the U.S.A.). ’I'hc USCI’FA docs recognize the
government ofthc People‘s Republic of China
as the sole Chinese government. and one ofthc
aims to the group is to get the US govern-
ment to recognize this. and establish
diplomatic relations with Peking. For this
reason. the USCI’FA was deemed "political"
by the Central Council committee which deals
with funding.

The contrast here, of course. is that the
USCI’FA does not engage in fund-raising
campaigns for China. In fact. many people are
probably aware that China refused any and all
outside aid for the earthquake crisis—this is
the rule. not the exception. What is the
difference, in the eyes of Central Council.
between the USCI’FA and the JSC? In one
sense. the fact that the United States govern-
ment recognizes (and supports) Israel, but
does not recognize China. But isn't this
"difference" as "political" as any definition
Central Council has ever come up with? In
truth. of course. the difference is in the
political viewpoint of the Central Council
members, which is, on the whole, a viewpoint
of Zionism and anti-communism. Central
Council should correct its hypocrisy and fund
l’cace Project. the U.S.-China People's
Friendship Association. and other
organizations which it‘s politically biased
against. the same way in whtch It funds the
Jewish Student Coalition.

 

 . __ inseam
university rom paving'over‘wmcthey cansidered‘a'prw
area. Why), Why wasn't visible action taken lastsp'rtn'g when it
already apparent thatthe lot would be constructed? A headline ,o ,
front page of the 'April323rd‘issue of the AlbanyStudentPressvrea'd. '-
“lPIans PaveWay For New Pay Parking Lot.” Nobody seemed, to care ‘-
ten. ‘ . 4 ' .'  H

Why wasn’t a court injunction sought to ‘sto
advance if students planned‘to, stand behindt ir gripe?‘Do uniVel-‘sity'
regulations permit such construction? Did any student-checkthem—-
ahcadoftime?‘ -  *'  1

Students must pay more attention to what’s going on around the
:ntverstty. It is the obligation of Student Association to see that this ~

appens. ' ' ‘ .

Students had every, right to be sitting out in front of that bulldozer
yesterday. Students had every right to act—but they acted too late. Just
take one look at the overturned earth near Colonial Quad. ,

If The Tables Were Turned ,

Fields sat in his office, on the second floor of the administration
building, reviewing the morning paper. Suddenly, his secretary‘s voice
came over the intercom.

“Sir, uh, there's somebody here to see you," she said.

The walls began to tremble. Finally they buckled and a shower of
plaster filled his electric putting cup. As he turned to his left, he saw his
secretary ride in through the wall on the blade of a bulldozer. With one
hapd she strained to keep the receiver on the phone. “I tried to tell them
srr.” '

“What‘s going on here???” screamed Fields. “And what’s that blasted
bulldozer doing in my office?”

A stocky, sweaty character manned the huge diesel machine. “Your
name Fields?” he inquired, a cigar dangling from his mouth. ' -

“Yes, of course it is, this is my office!"

“Not any more. The students have claimed this place for their new
recreation site." Fields scurried over and sat down in front of the
dozer—and his secretary. ~

“No! I can't let this happen. This is where I hold my meetings. What
about my plants?"

“Don't worry," answered the tractor operator. “they’ll be retrenched.” f

Yesterda eleven  studentsviere

   
     
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
 
     
  
  
  

 

Quote of the Day:
“If they [the students] know that the Student Association President had been
arrested, there would have been mass chaos tomorrow morning." _
~Central Council member Michael Usener.
in a televised interview on WTEN Itut'nlght.

 

 

 

MASTHEAD STAFF

ﬁrs-rites DZINANKA
Seance RAOOIO
Davm szeueso
...........Cv~rnu HACINLI, Bevan HoLzIeao
Loursa Mans

Emma IN cuter
MANAGING "mn-
News amm-

Assocun news “HIDE... 
Paonucnou mm"-

Assocun nonuc’sloN MANAGII .................................................... ..
Epitome noes Imm-
Aa'ls a features 

ASSOCIATI sass Inim-
Sroars surro-
Anvzan' NU “WAN-s

Assoculn; - MANAGLI
CLASSIFIIDGIAH'I‘I'I 
3115le nurse‘s-

 

 

 

 

 

...........NAOMI Paranamnaa. SnetleN EISENMAN
MArruaw KAUFMAN

MICHAEL PIEKAISKI
LISA lilUNDo, DANIEL OAINBS
Balm CAHILI.

 KATHY LAM. ElLasN Duooxn
Michael. J. AanAN

 

 

 

A.P. A Zodiac News: Alice Kohn. Robert Kwarta

Sta” writers: Paul Rosenthal, Jonathan Levenson. Eruce Connolly

Preview: Nancy Emerson

Bllllng accountant: Carol Cotriss

Comporltlon managers: Ellen Boisen. Patrick McGIynn

Compost/Ian production: Ilene Pfeiffer. Amy Sours

Head tprtt: Leslie Eisentﬂein

Production: Marc Arkind. Sally Ann Brecher. KarenCooper. Joan Ellsworth. Judi Heitner, Sal-
ly Jagust, Dave Katz, Vicki Kurtzman, Michele Lipton, Denise Mason. Debbie Illepr, Joan
Silverblatt, Laurie Studwell. Stu Vincent. Jody Wllner ‘ >

Advertising producrlam Joyce Ibiza. Kelly Kits. Janet Meunier. Meg Roland. Anne Wren

Phologrcphy: supplied by UniVersIty Photo Service and members of Camera Club

The Albany Sadat Pre- Lr published every Tuesday and hlday durtng ll. school you except
holidays. Editorial policy is the responsibility ofthc attach-Chief“ h‘subleet to review by
the Masthead Slim“. Main 0m“: Caupur Center. Room 129:telephortr:07-uﬂ. Adieu mil
to: Albany Student Press, CC 129, I400 Washlrmcn Amour. Albany. New York mu.

 

 

 

 

 

 

the construction  if ‘ w

  
    
   
  
   
       

    
      
     
 
 

 

  

 

 

 

 

