 

Tennis-Pius is the Way to Go! . . .first-class accommodations .. .hlgh quality tennis instructions...
all the playing time you want. . . plus every opportunity to enjoy a fantastic vacation. And at a price
that's so much less than you’d expect to pay because It's a package designed exclusively for
college students.

You'll stay at Iohn Newcombs’s ds-acre
Tennis Village. Play unlimited tennis day or
night on 11 championship
courts. Receive three 2%
hour sessions of Begin-
ner. interrnsdlats or
Advanced concentrated
instruction taught by a
fine stall oi lohn ‘
Newcombe-trsinsd pro-
fessionals using the
exclusive “Newk Plus
Two" Method. Enloy
sparkling new air-condi-
tioned. color tv and
telephone-equipped
rooms. Luxurious pool.
Private lake and boating.
Shuttle bus service to
Disneyworid (10 minutes
away). Seaworid, Sea
Circus and other nearby
attractions. Plus the
area's "In-spot" singles
nightclub on premises.

Tennis-Plus is for beginners and champs alike.
College guys and gals who are looking for
Tennis-Plus fun. And

the fun starts the first

moment you board

your new luxurious
motorcoach along with

dozens of other college
students looking for

the same kind of

Tennis-Pius fun. They’ll

all be guys and gals

from nearby campuses

It's informal. Casual.
Fun-focussed from

start to finish.

Option: 19'" Vega

with AIr-Cond. and

unlimited mileage—

“. plus insurance.

These tours are operated

by Allstate Bus Corporation.
Licensed and bonded by
M.C. #12133.

T@UD®U@D@EUD@

Flt John newcombe's Tennis VlLLRGE.Orlondo. Florida.
Departs Dec.26. l976. Returns Jon 3. I977.

But early response has been enthusiastic. And space is limited. So we suggest
you write or phone now to confirm your reservations.

To; Marlboro Tours, Inc.

It" Filth Ave.

New York. NY. 10011

(2l2) 006-0040 (outside of New York State phone toil-lree: 800 223-1220)
 sounds like the perfect Way to Gol Enclosed find my deposit of $40 per person. Deposits must be received
Quad. Occupancy
Triple Occupancy
Double Occupancy
i wish to room with
Please assign room-mate(s) to m-
Ruah my confirmation and details on this super Tennis-Plus collage Vacation to:

.Balancs due: $134.00
. Balance due: $150.40
. Balance due: $161.00

 

Name
Address

 

 

City 3m. ZIP

co"... SUN Y-ALBANY. pm".

Signature
'Pricss include transportation. accommodations. taxes and most gratuities. Plus 10% tea and services. Does not include admis-

 

 

 notes"

 

..- u.u.'.'.'.‘.-uu.......... .

 

columns .

 

 

Educational Priorities? §

Students in New York State are still reeling
from the impact of the fiscal crises. Most saw

tuitions rise. while services declined. Although‘

the CUNY schools were hardest hit, no school
escaped completely. In many cases the worst
may yet be coming.

To date, the student strategy to counter cuts
is based on mass demonstrations coupled with
legislative lobbying forays. Neither have prov-
ed very cffective. The demonstrations petered
out last spring after a few isolated strikes, sit-
ins and protest rallies. The mass march on the
capitol was close to a disaster and Spring lob-
bying efforts made little impact on budget
planners whose work was largely complete by
the previous January.

Our thesis is not that tactics should be aban-
doned completely but rather new leverage
points must be sought. instead of simply
pleading for continued or increased financial
assistance, student organizations must take
the political offensive, aggressively and con-
tinuosly. They must do so in several ways.

This year's student voter registration drive
was a start. But as successful as that drive
was—80,000 new names added to the voter
rolls—cooperation among various student
organizations was lacking. 'l'his due in part to
inexperience and varied levels of group
sophistication. However, rivalry and jealousy
were also present. These have to be eliminated,

 

Edilor's Note: Donald Ross is [he Excruli've
Director of N YI’IRG.

"'5! Donald Ito- ﬁﬁW-iiwr’rﬂiﬁﬂﬂ

if progress is to continue.

In between elections much needs to be done.
A more sophisticated approach to lobbying
must be taken. Lobbying must be done year
round keeping students informed of events in
the Albany area. Special efforts must be made
to form grass roots compus lobbying
organizations. The pressure points must be
touched in October and November while
budgets are still soft. Furthermore. recogni-
tion must be given to the proposition that
money wasted on bureaucratic boondoggles
or “lulus” or state supported nuclear
reprocessing facilities means money that can
never go to education or other social services.
Student researchers working in Albany are
well-equipped to root out this type ofabuse.

I-‘inally. within the education budget itself
care must be taken to trim to the bone high
salaried administrative personnel. Emphasis
must be placed on delivery of learning services
rather than smooth administration. For
students. this means careful analysis ofcentral
budgets to insure that the fat is cut. before ihe
meat is sliced.

Despite all these efforts. some cuts probably
will be necessary. Rationalization then. accor-
ding to educational priorities. is of prime im-
portance. But a priority for one may be a lux-
ury for another. 'I‘hereforc,students should be
sure that when the priorities are ranked, their
interests are high on the list. Afterall, students
are the raison d'etre of schools.

sycoy switcher-p "' "  retinitis event. some all

I remember this place last week, when
everyone was talking about getting the hell out
of here and going home for lots of good food
and a well deserved vacation. What I want to
know is. if everyone was so anxious to go
home, how come as soon as they got there, all
they 'did was make plans to go out? I mean.
you weren‘t in your house five minutes before
your trigger ﬁnger got “itchy” for some dial-
ing. It‘s all right to call a few close pals from
the neighborhood. but some of us called peo-
ple we used to hate in high school. I guess we
have to rc-establish our “youth”. feel our
“roots” once again. so to speak. But. at least
say hello to your mother before you rush to the
phone. And have some pity for your younger
brothers and sisters. because all the calls for
the next few days are going to be for you from
your friends at home who also go through the
same madness.

One would think that with the little time we
do spend at home, we would be cheery and
helpful. but why waste any time? We strike up
the old family feuds even before Mom opens
up the suitcase and discovers it‘s empty except
for dirty underwear and unopened textbooks.
After managing to get through dinner. prov—
ing to your parents that you haven‘t lost your
appetite; and "borrowing" some cash for the
evening. explaining that you‘ve lost all the
money they’ve sent you. you rush out the door
and into the family car to make a quick
getaway. After all. there's so many things to do
at home that you can't do up at school—going
out drinking. for instance. or going to the
diner at two o'clock in the morning.

The next day is Thursday. 'l'hanksgiving. a
festive and happy occasion. Awakening to the
sounds of “long lost“ relatives shouting at
some football game in the living room. you
decide it's better not to tell your Auntie where
she can stuff her turkey. and you wash and

forgiven as soon .as you presentyoursslf 3

downstairs. and everyone makes a big . ._ , J ’ ‘

over the coils: person morning for the hoiié
day. After a few quick phone calls to‘ his
sirangements for the latter psrtol'thssvcai
you take your place at the table. It'sa heck

lot easier to yt‘through dinner Ifsomeone ‘
remembered to bring the wine. After all. it is
Thanksgiving.

The next couple of days are spent shopping
for clothes. which is very rapidly rivaling lying
around and doing nothing as the favorite
college past-time. After another huge dinner
of that fowl bird. it's out on the town once
again. Before you realize it. Sunday night is
upon us and it's almost time to go back to
school. Even though there were some rough
moments the past few days. the stomach
begins to tighten up and you can actually feel a
lump come into your throat (dramatic. huh?)
as you realize you're about to depart from all
that is near and dear to you. It’s important to
try and arrange for your ride to leave Sunday
night. after dinner is over and you've had
coffee and cake with your parents. That way.
when you leave. it's less painful because your
parents don‘t think you've left yet. you‘ve
merely gone out for another night on the town.
Then. when they finally realize that you’re
reallv gone, they miss you deeply and begin
looking forward to the next time you come
home.

Meanwhile. back on thethruway. we‘re feel—
ing glad we got out of there with few
casualties. It's funny. but this week I've also
been hearing everybody talk about about how
anxious they are to get the hell out of here and
go home for some good food and a well
deserved rest. llut I think that first. we could
all use a vacation. Remember. Christmas is
just around the corner.

 

 

(bush Earth on lﬂnur Illinois

 

 

A
2' \

 

 

MA FISH ON GUITAR

TED WERE ON DRUMS

(llampus 012nm

SILVER
CHICKEN

COUNIIV I0“ I“. IBM

TODD NELSON ON GUITAR

RICK BEDROSIAN ON BASS

DEANE LEWIS ON PEDAL STEEL

 

ALL YOUR FAVORITE WINES
DISPENEED FROM OUR
DECORATIVE WINE BARRELS

NEW YORK STYLE
SOFT PRETZELB
15¢

WE WELCOME BACK OUR SPECIAL GUEST
"GENNY" WITH 25‘ LARGE BEERS AND LOTS
OF FUN AND SURPRISES FOR EVERYONE

PLUS YOUR FAVORITE
BRANDS OF IMPORTED BOTTLED BEERB

A COMPLETE LINE OF
YOUR FAVORITE MIXED DRINKS

"PIGS IN THE BLANKET"

 

 

 

«a

‘WN All THIS "Av;
egg...» Ghurahau. December 5th
0*‘0 ti pat—12:31] am.

4 l/
5
S4" "guy MC”
04;, ND

Win
a free $3.99 album!

 

 

7131“ A Songs
eraffvz
Christmas Card
Confzsf

q

 

 

Here‘s how:

December I9.

Just make us an original Christmas Card for display in our window. Include
your name. address, and phone number on the card. The person who makes
the most creative card. as determined by six independent judges, will win a
free $3.99 album of their choice. All entries must be submitted no later than

 

Just-A-Song
211 Central Ave.
Albany, 434-0085

sien charges at Disneywortd, Beawoiid. Bee Circus. ate. Includes “Welcome cocktail Pgny" Mug, til lit!

Oonn., Masa.. Rhoda island departures add $20 to price. per person. ' Hathalttlln' villi

ﬂaturratt Auxiliaru Dentists ﬁpunanrrit Eurnt
WW

I

DCEMBER 7. 1976 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

 

-:-.-.‘.-;'

E4:

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

“I

:i.

 

