 

 

.W_‘

-.- ~M- ca... Aw\ «.I

cam” ’0‘..." ..

 

 

MM. .

 

 

t“
I
i
l
t
t.
I
t
t.
t.
I
‘v

 

 

 

 

 

 

. Wired-s“.

2 7 To titration

Here we go again with the usual complainta ‘

about the‘ SUNYA‘Shuttle. I guess weall have
to cope with a time schedule that doesn't wark,‘

‘ most of the time because the drivers get tired
" of waiting and‘ leave earlier or titke a‘coffee

' ' ’brealr.'llut we don't have to accept bad treat; '

ment from these drivers.

On Wednesday morning. December lst, a
lot of people were. as usual. waiting in the cold
on Partridge-Western all trying to make it to
nine o'clock classes. A bus coming in half
full is immediately rushed at by freezing
students. When the bus still easily can fit

' another five or six persons, the bus driver.
without any warning, closes the door, leaving
a guy closed in the door. Naturally. he lets the
driver know the wrong he had done. Both of
them get fairly upset. The driver rises from his
seat and violently throws the guy off the bus
which he tried to get on. No other passenger
was taken up to school. Never before. during
my years here, have I seen anybody thrown
out of abus. Shall we really accept this? Who
knows to whom it will happen next'.’ Some
drivers really need a change ofjobs.

Ingcgerd Carina

true awareness . . ..

To the Editor:

As one who has a deep and solemn respect
for historical truth and clarity, I felt it was my
duty to respond to Tom Scherbenko‘s bizarre
dencgration of Israel Awareness Week and the
State of Israel in his recent column. “Israel
Awareness: Just a Resourceful Country?"

First and foremost. it is absolutely
necessary for Mr. Scherbenko and the student
body at Albany to thoroughly understand that
the information center set up in the Campus

 

‘ terested or conceer Individual was more

 .anropen fashiong'the ‘topic of his choice,

centerduring ls'r’aet Awareness ,Week. wash-Soviet Uﬂontf‘.we_  support

 '3 "  ' ’ i’themint irsrugg o .
auntie-"y “m I cloud forum. Any in So who is it that is “clipped from reality?”
Who is it that “continually serves out mis-
conceptions and distorting?! Who is it that II“
"out of sync?“ Who is it that operates on the
basis of emotion; spurious myths, and gross
historical distortion. Clearly, Mr.
. Scherbenko's barren diatribe shows a distinct

than welcome to come and discuss or debate in I

-regardlé'as' of its controversial or volatile
nature. 'As' one who was 'at or around that in-‘
formation table during much of; Israel
Awareness Week, I can testify that there was

‘ indeed a large volume of dialogue dealingwith lack of historical knowledge and insight. If he ,

such issues as the Palestinian refugee problem would like to‘ debate in a 010M“ F"! “WNW”
and the plightofSovietJewry. And,ofcourse. fashion- any 01’ the aforementioned topics.
there was an abundance of free literaturedeal- Students for Israel would be hospitable 'and
ing with these very same issues. So there was, receiving. But this secretive. one-sided
' after all; much' “enlightenment” availhble on butchering of historical reality must cease:
all to‘pics,’for those who were inquisitive JeffrelI N- "mm"
enough to seek it out. Obsiiously. Mr.
Scherbenko was'not one of them. '
This. however. is hardly the end of Mr.
Scherbenko's slanderous efforts. His entire
column is. in fact, inundated with anti-Zionist
demagoguery; antisemitic overtones, and . u I    
worn out cliches aimed at villifying and defac-
ing the nationalist movement of the Jewish
people. A brief letter to the ASP is hardly the To the Editor:
place to delve deeply into the history of the Everyone has a right to his or her opinion,
Arab-Israeli conflict or the plight of Soviet however opinion should be based on fact. In
Jewry, but it is undoubtedly necessary to res- his article. ‘Israeli Awareness: Just a
pond to the erroneous cries of this sclf- Resourceful Country‘l‘, Tom Scherbenko has
proclaimed historian. again raised serious doubts as to whether he is
Although it is true that Jews generally fared responsible and competent enough to have his
betterin Arab lands than they did in Europe column printed in any publication.
and Russia, the claim that “Jews and Arabs Mr. Scherbenko missed the whole point of
lived together for millenia" in a peacahle Israel Awareness Week if he thinks that its
fashion is mythical and contrary to the facts of goal was to make people realized that there is a
history. Perhaps Mr. Scherbenko is unaware country named Israel. The purpose of Israel
of living conditions in the Jewish ghetto of Awareness Week was tocnlighten people as to
Jerusalem in the 19th century, orthe slaughter Israel's resources and present situation in the
of Jews during the Damascus Blood Libel of world community. Mr. Scherbenko‘s article
l840. or the eventual expulsion of some 700,- just served to prove the need for an awareness
000 JeWs from Arubcountries since Israel's rc- week of this type. We sincerely hope that he
establishment in I948: a refugee pro will attend the next Israel Awareness Weckto
which practically no one is aware. it; «‘W‘ n the facts. I
It is true that there were Jewish ﬁgoﬂﬁww  . Selihi‘wm me‘ht'nnstltut Israel refus—
groups. but their activities very nearly pale ed to give the American Congresspcoplc "any
int'oinsignicancecomparedtothccopiousacts awareness concerning the possible manufac-
of terror committed against the Jewish pop- ture of A-bomhs." ltwould beugood ideaifhe
ulation of Palestine. such as the slaughter of would stop generalizing and instead state ex-
dozcns of Jews at Hebron in I92l. actly what happened. What actually happened
It istruethatthe Jews of America lobby for was that Israel refused to let them see the
their brethren in Soviet Russiaand elsewhere. nuclear reactor plant. The plant is a French
but it is also true that the Blacks of America one, and under an agreement between Israel
empathize with their brethren in Rhodesia. and France. no foreign countryis permitted to
The Jewish people have never denied that see the plant. This is it condition that was
there were not other oppressed minorities in stipulated by France. 'l'herefore. Israel had no
the monstrous imperialist colossus of the choice.

D
...,

  
 

 
 

It is only proper that. in the course of dis~
cussing an issue, the entire picture is
presented. Unfortunately Mr. Scherbenkodid
not so this in his discussion of South Africa.
As is substantiated by .the article which

‘ appeared on the Op-Ed page of The New York

Times two weeks ago. there are many other
countries which have economic relations with
South Africa. Israel‘s trade with South Africa
accounts for less than one half of one percent
of South Africa's foreign trade. The rest of it is

.with various countries of the United Nations.

most notably Illack Africa and the Arab
states. We are neither defending nor criticizing
Israel‘s policy in this area, however. since Mr.
Scherbenko seems to feel so strongly about
this issue, we are surprised that he does not
hand out even greater condemnations of the
Arab states involved.

With regard to Mr. Scherbenko's misstate-
ment about Israel‘s treatment of Oriental
Jews. we are proud to say that Israel‘s policy is
one of absorption, education. and job lrIIIIl-
ing. ()fall the countries in the world. Israel has
made the biggest effort to ensure that her llll-
migrants can become comfortable in lsrnt-Ii
society while maintaining their own Iticnltllt‘s
and cultures.

Mr. Scherbenko brings up the point tlittt
Israel invaded Eygpt in I956. Let us gel the
facts straight. We are not denying that lsrticl
invaded Eygpt in I956, but the reasons ht'illlltl
the invasion must be brought to light. IsinI
attacked Eygpt because liygpt ignored the :ir-
mistice of I949. illegally closed the Stic/ L illliti
to Israeli shipping, and broke the agreement in
various other ways. Therefore. it Wils I gtpi
who provoked the Israeli attack that led to the
I956 war. It was ttet of survival.

In I973, Israel‘s primary concern iiiotcd
from national security to world opinion Init-
to this shift. Israel did not titttiek [1&th “JIL‘II
Egypt was mobilizing licr troops ltll' .iii .iitiitt
against Israel, but instead waited for I pint to
attttek. 'I'Iie repercussions of this ticchttllt tit-it
near tragic.

'l o say that we should consider the \IHIL'I
Union as a friend to lsrttel hcciinsc ol ilL‘l .it-
tions in I948 is the same as snytiigtlitit lilL'i n-
ited States should have no rciillltllls nith
England because ol the ttetioiis o1 htiiu
George III during and pI’CCCL'tIIIII.‘ lilt‘
American Revolution.

Mr. Schcrbenko states that the Sunni I n-
ioii is “perfectly agreeable to iL‘llIIII.‘ .II'\\\
emigrate to lsrttel. thereby Illct'uttsllig lilttl

The Arts and Features Magazine of the Albanyﬁtu‘dent Press” December}. I976

 

 
     

page as

 

Quinn 21 31111152 _ 

A religious ‘
retreat hidden
away deep in

the heart of the

woods off
Perimeter

 

 

 

flu-4.;  :« .-:

to Capitalist
business

page 3a

 

Does
pornography
corrupt?

page 5a

 

Music:
Burton
Cumtnings
, ;,Sp_arks

Bob byte—Iii
George
Gritzbach

 

 

— L “’9” 9""U

 

 

 

 

r———-\

 

FEIFFERr

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
   
     
   

r)  l
o \: ~~ w ft

 

 

M

     

 

VOW

 

"‘ﬁfttt
I ,

 
  

l

USIC neurons ME or smog

.__.——

I mat) H00) IH GOIUG
TO woetc THIS OUT

t.'\‘\‘ft\\\'~‘\~‘\s:\‘\tg \

Aim-1.. ‘u‘l I 1‘
. "t in ...Itllt\.

I i". ‘. a - m.”
QR. /

[/35

 

  

    
    
    
  
   
   

"‘\\“\it\\‘t\\lil"'i'i I
\I Ititl.\"i-- " ’tt
s It mm,

Mei/"‘le”

10

  

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

in the house
of the rising sun

 

 

 

of
Von '-
Stroheim

page 33

 

 

  

 

