  
 
   
  
    

 
  

  

  
 

 

   

   
  
  
 
 
  

 

Ii

L.-‘-‘v-—“ﬁ ‘

'n » «-m.

 

$9.; aa-Mmmzmeacﬁvri’f

 

 

,3


 

 

Ken-tau arm to abolish or
initial! ah ti: hulls has hen
Whylabup‘ty’muﬂusof
the House of Commons.
Pail-u} Iona hone. because
It Lads Inve delayed «amended
by  m by the
Labor government of Prime
“hint-tr James Meghan

The “one of Lads has existed
format: momma-lamb
with tradition. and insides havinga
omitmimai gnu-quite to attend
Won sohninod by the lower
home. it serves as the highest com
mtkmm‘T'hedawc-fthe lords
are quite patient-rely nmntcred.’ says
Amhom' Wedgwood Sena. energ
minister and a prominent leftist
leader of the campaign. Bennsnshe
thinksthunnhinsvmltlyears
Britons will vote in a government
aitb a campaign pledge that 'the
Lords must go.‘ Benn himself is an
aristocrat n'hotn l973renountrdthe
title Lord Summit: sohecould sit in

Supplies

 

     

Contraceptive

‘Ibuiirxiathllonsed’Com-
mun-impinvoaeALhIiefu
ﬂIM‘eauudLordSiauel

made: life pectin 1970.‘We have to
snake a stand‘

The oordromnion and the threat
of a oonstitmionnl Grids has
prmptui such from~page headlines
as ‘Mmineers in Ermine’ in the Dai-
ly Expressand a national debate on

edto  more Wu.
mire. who! low-u tom dvotr
ular election. The moo or so
menus: of the “an of Lords ac-
qired their titles and ermine robes
through birth. political patrch in
thecaseoflifepeers.orbyvirtueof
their ofﬁce. for example the
archbishop of Canterbury.

Its critics view it as the political
embodiment of Britain's class
system. But few politial observers
believe the Labon'tes will succeed in
outright abolition ot'the Lords. and
any tampering with a part of the
nation‘s heritage is likely to proceed
slowly.

But the Lords have had their
troubles. and their critics. through
the years The Duke of Wellington
said “Nobody giws'a damn for it.“

Lebanon Begins Rebuilding

IEIRU‘I’. Lebanon (AP) Mosletn
banker Salim el-Hoss began trying
to put together a new Lebanese
government yesterday and said it
will not take much time."

The Jﬁeyear-old premier-

 

‘Charlie Smith
‘ Blues Band

Thurs. Fri. 8r Sat
for 2 weekends

leans Allowed

Rembrandt’s Cellar Pub

$.50 draft Heinekin
8 - 10 pm Fri. 8. Sat

57 Fuller Rd 482-8100

  

"v
11
I

 

 

 

5

 

Withdrawal
Procedures
for
Undergraduate ;
Students

“WNUMIINNMU’IE
W

 

 

 

 

 

designate. tapped on Wednesday by
Christian President Elias Sarkis.
said it would be “a gmernment of
work. reconstruction and reconcilia-
tion.‘ The president told him to pick
men of proven administrative ability
instead of politicians to launch the
monumental task of reconstruction
after 19 months of civil war. Sources
close to H055 said he would seek ex-
ceptional powers from parliament to
proclaim a state ofemergency for six
months and reinstate capital punish-
ment.

Hoss and Sarkis reportedly agreed
that a tough debut by the neu
gmernmcnt. backed by the Syrian
army, is necessary to ensure a secure
and stable climate for a colossal
reconstructive drive.

Leftist newspapers express :1 fear
that the emergency powers would he
used to impose censorship on the
only free press in the Arab world.

in naming Host. Sarkis brushed
aside strenuous objections from
former President C amtlle C hamoun.
who controls the second Largest
Christian mtlttta that fought to the
ciu'l “ar. Chamoun satdthat instead
of a cabinet of technoerats. 'onl} a
government of pommarts uould be
strong enough to
president‘s efforts to lead the manor.
out ot’ the (ml war '

r .
shred! the

#

CORRECTIONS

In the amele entitled ‘Landlord ls
Arres‘ed 1n Dove Street Fire Case‘
at the Dec. 3 issue of the .45? the
tenth paragraph should have read.
“Roe stud Rickman could be ﬁned
from Sill to $200 or be imprisoned
tor Mldays or both 11 found guilt) of
the charges. that have been leveled
against him.“ Inaccuracres were due
to r: typographical error Also. it was
reaentl) learned that Ralph Poll. m-
tured to fire. it a SL .\\ A student.
Thus it total of {out of the six people
muted in the blaze were students

in the article entitled “Letters
Hope to lnﬂuene: Budget‘ in the
Dec. 7 issue of the sSP. the Sl‘N‘t
{lost-d of Trustees was lYICOlTCCIl)
identified its the Board of Regents ll
is the Board or Trustees that makes
budget recommendations to the
Governor. and Pennsylvania‘s
equn'ulent of the Board of Trustees
thttt decreed not to raise tuition at
Pennsylvania trwte «chnnlt.

_
wuuulm

(all MIDDLE. IiAllTl-l—AST-ﬂtltl
24 ﬂaunt a Day

EFS

0.8. and Yugo-tattle Plan to Cooperate
IELGIIADE (A?) U.S. Sen. Jacob Javits, ReN.Y.. conferred Thursday with
Janko Smole, member of the Yugoslav cabinet. about cooperation between
industrialized nations and developing countries. They also discussed
promotion of cooperation of Yugoslavia. itself: developing nation,wjrh1he
European Economic Community. with which Yugoslavia has close
commercial ties. Javits. here as a guest oftbe Yugoslav Parliament. also met
with Trpe Jakovlevski. chairman of the federal committee of science and
culture, reviewing Yugoslav-Ameth cooperation on science. technology
and culture.

Kissinger Warns NATO About Soviet Power
BRUSSELS. Belgi- (AP) Outgoing US. Secretary of State Henry A.
Kissinger delivered a last warning to North Atlantic Treat}~ ofgamzalmn
NATO—foreign ministers today—that getting Soviet economic pouc-
means getting military power. sources said. . Kissinger also brought a
message from President-elect Carter sap‘ng that America's commnmem to
NATO “shall be sustained and strengthened.‘ The tuo-da) sessnln .t
Kissinger's last NATO meeting as a member of President lord's
administration. According to one source who attended the Closed—door
session. Kissinger told the ministers that the broad outlines of American
foreign policy will be the same under the Carter administration as th:_\ um-
under Ford.

Waldhelm Predicts Peace in Middle East
UNITED NATIONS, NY. (AP) UN. Secretary-General Kurt \l .1
says he believes the chances for peace in the Middle East hate r:
better. Waldbeim told a news conference Wednesda) at”: tr.» 0.. ..
Assembly re-elected him byacclamalion that he is "c
the Geneva Arab—lsraeli conference. . .uill conven: u '
months of the next year." The lib-nation assembl) ass a
resolution today calling for a nest Geneva confer e :_\
Arab diplomats predicted that the resolution a .‘ld __
afﬁrmative votes and perhaps as man) as 320

Carter To Seek Understanding With Russia

WASHINGTON LAP) President-elect .l‘r'n' '» - ' s .. '
of reassurance to the Soviet L'nion on T. rsd I
defense secretary that he has a 'deep dc.
understanding‘ with the Russians The inter?"
Clark Clifford. uho headed the Pentagon under 2':
Johnson. Hetold reporters after lunch it 1th the Pres)
impression Caner it ill imtruct his secretaries of state. a
“join “1 finding the basis for this understanding.“

 
 
   

 

 
 
     

  
 

     
 
 
 
 
 
 

Fr... .,.

  

 

Northeast States Request Special Treatment
lWASHINGTON (A' Got; \lie. 'el S. DuLaLrs a: ' ‘
Northeast meet “tll’: President-elect .lnnm) Car-tr
the spectal treatment they feel ‘nu region has rec.
help to deal utththe problems that nag the tndus‘tr "~
among them unemplcmnent. high energ costs _. - R: u:
gmernors have prepared 3 ltst of spectt‘r: items the} t -
grinding slondoun of the region‘s economt V ‘ '
congressmen from the nine Northeast states planned:
:hetr mutual concerns and strategy

Carter Reviews Urban And Nat
“ASHINGTON MPr President-elect C' .2: ' ’z
u l‘lh options for dealing \ttth such. issues as air.
lld to the cures. Several options. tt' adopted.
deetstons made it} the Ford administratrr
encounter between 12mm} Carter and ht:- no

   
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
 

 

 

 

     

 

Carter was briefed on issues he'll far: i“ 33". — * z - ~
days. according to one person tamtlsa: uzth p "

Dtlhlli ot' a multtbrllrost dollar housing plan were _'~:.r:‘; ' ‘ \
according to several sources.

State Advises Cuts in Welfare And Medicaid

NEW YORK (AP) The state Department ot Sana. ’ 4 ‘~ "~-'
Thursda} that it has given Gm Hugh l Care) su_c'-«'.at . ~' ‘
spending for welfare and Meditate]. The 505;. 2:: arm
Socral Serums Commissioner Phtltp L. Tots. uourd he a
reduction tn the annual multi»htllronadoltar we are “timer:
close a protected Sl»htlhon gulp tn the state budget Trev. Arr
thing we would want to see is a l‘tduﬂlnl’l tn grant triers.“
basic welfare payments for lb: need} Eventmng ::.~:
consideration.“ he said. “Rem allowances are bent; rem-rt: '

Convicted Killer Demands To Be Set Free

SALT LAKE CITY tAPl Couweted killer Gm 623mm: saw 1’
[tall him its chances b} not heeding his demands for a sperm :
non must set him free. Attorney Ronald 8 Strange! Pf
Drsmet Court in Provo on \\ ednesda} for L‘ulmore‘r retest»:
state lav required that the firing squad execution it carries.
533‘s after his Oct. 7 sentencing for killing a motel :lerl Sty or:
or delays ordered by the mum and the governor consul
unusuel punishment.‘ “lf given the alternative between "
:teeuuon. he warm execution.“ Sung-e1 tmd :n a teleprrr-n
31"?“ Ill: Utcmatite between execution and walkmg out a 1!
impression is that he would want to walk out a free man '

   
  

 

 

 

   

    

   

 

   

   
 
 
  
 

 

 

#——

 

 “(mm-II! «honor
! “Phantoms tone
3 momma-emporium.

«. Mbwmumdm
; mummmtamat-
r madame-«WW
3' M-lhneﬂhmcmm

é roan-tweet coats 8:15pm
5 .Dees Oct“ 3:15pm
. .Deeu com pro
. Item-0.0;“ 06815 it!”
PAGETWO

ALBANY swam PRESS

DECEHBER 10. 1975

 

 

 

by Steve Braekelt

During the past three weeks. a
number of early morning ﬁre alarms
have plagued Alumni Quad‘s Water»
bury Hull residents. according tothe
Hall's Director Jeannie Whiting.

“We huvc’hud four alarms in the
past week and a half." Sllld Whiting.
“They were till set off in strtirwclls.
hallways. and lounges on the second
floor‘s cast section.“ '

According to Whiting. the alarms
were activated by setting off heat
sensors in the hull. In three instances
alarm boxes were pulled in conjunc-
tion with the sensors.

Though one activated sensor was
traced to it second floor room.
Whiting was of the opinion that the
residents in that section of the hall
were not the type of people who
would set off ttlrrrms.

“l have no idea who‘s pulling
them.“ srtid Whiting. “I assume that
its someone from Waterbury. but l
can‘t say for sure."

The utility plunt engineer for the
downtown campus. .lrtmcs Forttuinc.
fuels that with each false alarm the
fire department is responding in little
less promptly. “We have to cull the
department five minutes after cttch
alarm." stalled Fortlttinc.

Waterbury Hull‘s rush of false
alarms has been placing a serious
strain of the local fire department.
“One time there was it l\\'t)-tllllrm fire
in rtnolhcr rtrcu of the city lht: same
night {I false llllll’lll occurred til the
dorm." snid huttrriltc.

Al the meeting of the University
Scuttle Itth Monday. it number of
student senators cxpr "‘(l concern
til the recent increase of Alumni
Qund fttlsc rtlttrnts. They suggested
that one possible reason for the rise
could ht: due to the recent University
Police disclosure tltttt downtown

 

patrols have been stopped.

Though Whiting disagrees that
there is it link between the false
alarms and the termination of police
patrols. she does acknowledge that a
great deal of money and manpower
have been wasted in replacing bells
and hem sensors.

Whiting lttts stated that if the
perpetrators are caught. they Would
be prosecuted. Due to the approach
of final exams. ther istt growingcon-
cern that students will begin not to
leave the dorms during an alarm. “I
can‘t blame them [students] for be-
ing upset.“ said Whiting. “But it‘s
crucial that everyone get out of the
building anyway.“

. «MIA-41»-

A urloa ol lalu alarm: have plagued downtown Waterbury Hall reeldenla In roc‘ont weeks.

SUNYA Research Granted Increased Funds

olivarl

SUNYA has been awarded an Increase In research grants this year.

by Florle Shertzer

I Research money awarded to
Albany amounted to $6,088,780 an
lincrcusc of 2i per cent over the
previous year. according to Vice
President for Research Louis
Srtlkcvcr.

According to Sttlkcvcr. this in-
crease is due to the quality of the
faculty who work hard to develop
good proposals.

Grunts Coordinator Frank
Lucttrclli :tgrccd saying. "The faculty
generates the money. They llttVt.‘ sub-
mitted exceptional proposals this
your. and are therefore able to gather
funds on merit." .

Acoording to Lucttrclli. the
nulurttl sciences. the atmospheric
science department. the School of
Criminal Justice. and the School of
Social Welfare were the biggest
recipients of funds this your.

Tuition Assistance Program’s Puzzle Finally Being Pieced Together

mnlinur'r/jrum page um-
HESC to meet their various cx-
pcnscs.

According to wire service reports
yesterday. New York State
Assembly Minority LL‘lltlL‘f l’ct't‘y
Dur'ycrt has proposed legisltttiunlhrn
would allow ll ESC tn puy colleges in
u 75 per CL‘ltt lump sum.

Durytm was quoted its saying lhttt
the proposed legislation will help to
“alleviate ftnrutcittl hardships for
colleges and students cttusutl by the
snarl In administering the Slttlc Tui-
tion Assistance Program."

According to Whitlock. SUNYA
is not expected to rrdopl this option
tlLlL' to the lttcl that £15 at sltttc institu-
tion. it curt afford to wait until the
SUNY Fiscal Office issues lllt: 600,-
000 individqu checks.

Al the Senate stthcomrnittcc's first
meeting in Albany. SASU
Legislative Director Joe] Packer ex-
pressed it wish to see students
represented in the corporation. an
increase in TAI’ arid. thccxtcnsion of
cligihility tn pttrt-timc students. and
the elimination of the “green
monster" petition for emancipated
students.

In Anderson's churge to the sub-
committee. he suggested possible
questions the subcommittee might
want to answer. They included
assessing whether: additional legisla-
tion is necessary; HESC can be

DECEMBER 10, 1978

stay witlt the legislatures funding,
guidelines.

As for the immediate future.
Wltitlock said. “We don‘t rtrtlicipttlc

tlcccntrnlircd to the Cltmpus level;

IIESC llllh‘ the rcscttrch Cllptlclly to

project llCClll‘lllL‘ly its future costs;

lllld whether the corporation should
.

rt great improvement in the situation.
and for that reason the institution
will continue to defer [TAP puy~
tttcttl] liberally.“

 

429,000

     

314,000

115,000

   
   

59.000

 

 

 

 

sUNY/lndopendent Total

 

Applicatlons
Recelved

 

Balance of
Applicallons

Award
Nollcoa
Sent

TAP statistics
released by NVS
Higher Eduortllon
Servlcen
Corporation.

 

 

 

Accordlng to atatllllcs released by members of the New York State nghor Education Servlcoa
Corporatlon, nearly 25 per cent of thou SUNV/Indopondonl etudonte who lllod TAP applications

have yet to resolve award notlcu.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Lucttrelli also Sllld that proposals
concerning solar energy. on-
vironmental problems. the problems
of aging. and the training of social
workers were among those which
received the most money.

The science proposals traditional-
ly require more money than those of
the humanities department. “A
philosophy professor." slutcd
Lucrtrclli. “can get by on scvcrttl
thousand dollars. when a scientist
needs $|00.(l00 and up.“

According to both Strlkevcr and
Lucurclli SUNYA receives tltc mu-
jurity of its funds from federal ttgcn-
cics‘ such us the ’Nltllolllll Science
Foundation. the Public Health Scr-
vicc and the United States Office of
Education. Only eight to ten per cent
of the funds come from private foun—
dulions.

Salkcvcr suit! that this is ducto the
SUNYA rule that all research must
be available to the public. “Most
privutc corporations want research
to be kept secret sothat it can be used
exclusively by the corporation.“

Crime Declines

by Laurie Geller

For the second consecutive
month. the Department of Public
Snfcty‘s statistics have shown it
decline in the number of reported
L‘rimcs on campus as compnrcd to
[975.

Reported offenses for the month
of November declined six per cent
from November. according to the
statistics compiled by Dept. of
Public Safety Director James
Willittms. Total reported crintcs for
1976. however. are up 13 per cent as
compared to last year.

There were 94 total offenses
reported in November. property
stolen was valued ttl $6.253. For the
year. there have been 987 total
offenses. with stolen property totall-
ing $78,055.

The most frequent offense com—
mitted. according to the report has
been petty larceny. followed by
criminal mischief.

For the year. assaults. aggravated
harassment and harassment offenses
have nearly doubled as compared to
the same time period in I975. Public
lewdness has nearly tripled. and
grand larceny had increased by over
30 per cent.

PAGE THREE

  
  
 
     
       
      
       
      
     
     
     
    
    
  
   

  

 

