     

’llhiévlou.  if - '
In the IC4A's.tbe prestigious New

York City men which put~the’

ﬁnishing touches on Albany State's
mediocre 1976 cross country season,
the Great Danes ﬁnished a fair 15th
of 34 squads. Monday. Lehigh Un-
iversity won the 15th Annual Colle'p
Division Varsity run. with Fairleigh
Dickinson and Delaware rounding
out the top. three schools. This meet
marked the 100th year of existence
of the oldest collegiate organization
for track and ﬁeld, and cross country
in the United States.

“I don't think one can be over-
joyed coming in 15th." said Albany
Coach Robert Munsey. "But with
our struggles this year, it is a respec-
table showing. I felt good about it."
Senior Chris Burns concluded his
Dane cross country career in strong
fashion. coming in 19th of 261
barriers. Burns' time was 25:41. 27
seconds better than his 16th position
of the previous year on the ﬁve-mile
Van Cortlandt Park course.

The co-captain had been in a deep
slump and presumably the tough
competition in the meet was influen-
tial in his showing. Munsey com-
mented: “Chris hadn't been im-

' pressive in the past few meets. but he



   

 

' rte coach a... ‘Burns' perfor-

mance as f'one of his best raceseverﬂ,

'Tliis nteet’rnarked the second con-
secutive year that Burns has made
the All-104A team in his four-year
varsity stint.

M.l.T.‘s Frank Richardson was
victorious in the individual battle. in
25:05.with Steven Fachus of
Bloomsburg College. and Stellan
Thorne of Lehigh. coming in second
and third respectively. Millersville‘s
Bill Strain. who finished second in
the Albany Invitational. came in
fourth.

Freshman Matt Williams regain-
ed his ranking as Albany's second
best varsity runner this fall. coming
in 78th place in 26:40. His
remarkable steadiness and improve-
ment this season were the two most
important factors in his perfor-
mances. according to Munsey.

Poor Start

Eric Jackson. one of Albany's
three graduating seniors (the other
two are Burns and Phil Sullivan).
took 84th place. Jackson got off to a
horrible start when the season
began. but did make considerable
improvement as the season progress-
ed. But this was not the only aspect
of Jackson‘s contribution to the

 

 

squad. "Eric has been a good captain
and so has Chris. They have been

@
The Season That Wasn’t

4;- Mike Plekarski

it was felt bitterly by both the varsity football team and the varsity soccer
team this past Saturday: The former. on the muddy turf of University Field;
the latter on the marshes of Binghamton. It is known as defeat. It was
somehow ﬁtting that in this most frustrating of seasons. both the soccer and
football teams should end their respective campaigns on the same cloudy
day. (Even the weather cooperated in the script.)

The similarities between the two teams are worthy of note. Both had been
coming off fairly successful seasons the year before and both were looking
forward to this one. When it ended six days ago. both teams wanted to forget
it.

To be honest. both teams did not fare that badly. But. as is often the case.
success had spoiled both the teams and the fans. And tltcteums did not fulfill
the expectations of either group. Let's start with the griddcrs.

Only two short years ago. the Great Danes had compiled a perfect 9-0
season and were the toast ofthe town. They had completed an unblemished
season in the Capital District area—the ﬁrst time that had been done in 60
years. And last year's 7-2 record was all that could be expected under the
circumstances of the tough schedule; it's no shame to lose to Ithaca and
Albrigbt.

But with Saturday's loss to Springﬁeld (a team they had beaten last year on
the road). the Danes fell to {LS—their ﬁrst losing season as a varsity team.
And that one hurt.

“I feel bad for the seniors because it was such a disheartening way for them
to end their careers." said Head Coach Robert Ford. One look at the face of
Tom Delilois could have convinced anybody of the truth of that. Tom was
around in l974'. not only that. but he rushed for 1.000 yards and was voted
male "Athlete of the Year" at Albany. Closing out his career. DeBlois rushed
for 60 yards in the 24-0 loss andended up as leading rusher with 530 yards this
year. But that meant nothing to him, or the rest of the team. Histears were
notjust those of a lost game but rather the tears of a lost season. Of a team
that did not live upto its expectations. The tears of a totally frustrating year.

So. too. the soccer team. Beginning the season with one of the most talent-
laden teams ever at Albany. the Boaters didn't hit their stride until mid-
season. And in the final regular season contest against Brockport. the
Boaters lost 2-1 on a penalty kick goal with one minute remaining in the
game. The game that kept them out of the National Collegiate Athletic
Association Tournament.

It was frustrating because the Danes had made the NCAA‘s each of the last
two years—and did that with a young team. it appeared as if this year the
Boaters would put it all together and really go places. But it was notto be.

Playing on the sloppy ﬁeld of Binghamton in the ECAC Tournament. the
favored Danes once again succumbed: this time by a score of 3-2 on an
overtime goal. It was the type of ﬁeld that prevented Albany fromcmploying
what it does best: control the ball. The same type of ﬁeld that hindered them
in the Brockport affair—and kept them out of the NCAA' .

All in all. it was quite a frustrating season for the “Big Two" of the fall
season. A season that. if not forgotten. will be remembered as “the year that
wasn't."

did run very well in this one. He has
always run well at Van Cortlandt."

A Piece of Pie

 

 

 

  

 

  
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

sun-turn"
.
s:s:s;o:i:t't:n:rv.73
' Q C ‘ ’i is ’

 

       
   
 
 

l

7‘50.  Season '-

botb loyal to the team and to me.”
said Munsey.
Bill Mathis. Mark Dalton. and

Kevin Burnett were the next three '

Albany barriers crossingttbe finish

line. in 100th. 133rd and 136th place. v

respectively. Burnett had‘a disap-
pointing season. but the coach
predicted, “Next year we‘ll see a
revitalized Burnett; he has a lot more
talent than he showed."

.The seventh and last Dane runner
was Mark Lavan. The sophomore.
who started the year onjunior varsi-
ty. made the all-upstate team a week
ago Saturday based on his seventh
place ﬁnish.

Squeezed
But what a difference a week
makes! Lavan was far behind in this
one in 167th place. The relatively
small 5‘7“ barrier “got crushed like a
fly." in the words of his coach. The
explanation was that Lavan got
caught in the middle of a huge
number of other runners. Munsey.
though. was not about to let this out-
ing detract from his runner's year.
“Mark and Matt (Williams) were
two big additions to the team. And
the nice thing about it is that they'll

be here for a while."
The long cross country season has
come to an end;'and Albany's ﬁnal
mark stands at 5-6. But the barriers

reieh

it's a highway oi heavy traffic In Monday's lClA cross-country meet.
The Harriers finished 15th of 34 teams to close out their season.

Before-that. the guys were afraid to
go out. I am kind of proud ot'them.
they came along.“ As an
afterthought. Munsey said. "When

are holding a dual meet winning
streak of five. which must beof some
consolation.

"We have been able to hold our

 

heads high for the last one-third of
the season." explained Munsey.

you don‘t have it super team. it‘s
pretty tough to be super."

   
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
      
    
  

waits

Splkettoa' Meryl Weltzborg makes an over-tbe-ahouldar return In third game oi Cobleskill match,
Wednesday. Albany lost the first game but won the next two to win the match before defeating RPI.

Spikettes Finish With Flourish

by Mike Plekarsltl

With a precision typical ofthe way
they have been playing this year. the
Albany State women's volleyball
team defeated both Cobleskill and
RP! here Wednesday. to put the
wraps on a remarkably successful
16-3 campaign.

“All eleven of them [players]
justified that record." said Coach
Karen Cunningham after it was
over. “They did a remurkablcjob."

After rallying to defeat Cobleskill
9-15, 15-7. 15-5.the Spikettestook it
to RPI in the ﬁnale. easily winning
by scores of 15-3 and 15-9.

The final game with RPI was real-
ly not as close as the score might in-
dicate. Albany was in command all
the way although they did have trou-
ble nailing down the final point. But
It was inevitable. And when Judy
Leikkanen slammed a blistering
spike onto the RPI endllne. it was all
over.

The Spikcttes started slowly
against Cobleskill and lost the first
game ofthe match by six points. Was
Cunningham worried at this point?
“Oh. no. I knew we would conte
back."

They did. As they have been doing
all year. Albany‘s specialty this
season has been rallying to win the
match after bowjng in the first game.
if we lose it. then we start playing
good," explains senior Mary Ellen
Foley. one of the "eleven."

That strategy was employed once
more against Cobleskill as the
Spikettes simply overpowered their
toes in the ﬁnal two games. "It was a
team effort." explained Cun-
ningham of that match. “I couldn't
single out any one person who won it
for us."

Neither could she in the second
match. Playing like Olympic cham-
pions at times. the Spikettcs utilised

,every person in the line-up to bring

home the victory.

Utilizing the overhand serve.
Albany was able to gain many it
point on non-returnable serves (both
Cobleskill and RPI employed un-
derhand services).

Foley scored the first point of the
RPI match on just such it serve and
Nancy Kolln picked uptwo more the
same way. to make it 34).

With Meryl Weitzberg making
saving digs consistently. RPI had its
hands full just getting on the
scoreboard. Sue Polis' too-hot-to-
handle serve. Carey Maxwell's dink.
and two spikes by Marci Silvermetz
upped the score to 9-2 with about ten
minutes gone in the game. Two Gerri
Curtin spikes moments later made
the score 12-3. TWo of Foley's
non-returnable serves and a Kolln
spike put the game away.

lo the second game. Albany
started off quickly but two RPI

continued on page eighteen

City  Cited In Recent Fire

by Bryan Hollberg

The city of Albany was charged
with repeatedly neglectingtoenforce
a state housing ordinance at a press
conference held this morning by SA
and the Albany Coalition for Effec-
tive Code Enforcement.

A violation of the ordinance.
Coalition ofﬁcials said. resulted in a
ﬁre last Wednesday at 48A Dove St..
which injured six people. three of
them SUNYA students. The con-
ference took place at the site of the
burnt building.

"This building has a history of
housing code violation and was re—
quired by law to pass inspection

Investigating

before occupancy following recent
remodeling.“ said SA President
Steve DiMeo in a press release.
According to the release. the
violations were the renting of the
building without its having either a
fire escape or sprinkler system.
“The city never inspected the
building.“ said Greg Bell. a Coali-
tion member. “The violations con-
tributed directly to the ﬁre."
Students Ellen Deutschman.
George DcLuca. and Monica
Leonards were treated at Albany
Medical Center Hospital. as were
Ralph Polk. James VanVorst. and
Dominick Assaro. former mayor of

Committee

To Visit SUN YA Campus

by Stephen Dzlnanka

An AAUP committee examining
circumstances surrounding recent
faculty firings at SUNY schools will
be on the SUNYA campus Dec. 6
and 7 to interview faculty and ad-
ministrators. according to AAUP
Northeastern Regional Director
Martin Lupidus.

Prompted by SUNY faculty
rctrenchments. the American
Association of University Professors
launched an investigation in
September. to) scrutinize cases it
claimed represented significant
departures from established prin-
ciples of academic freedom. tenure
and due process within the SUNY
system.

The four-person cotnmittec will
review individqu cases of faculty
retrenchment at SUNYA as part of
an attempt to assess the condition of
the academic working environment
in the SUNY system as a whole. said
Lupidus.

SUNYA President limrnctt 1i.
Fields rclrcnchcd about .15 faculty
members last spring when he began
shuffling SUNYA's curriculum. At
that time 20 degree programs were
slated for termination.

lapidus was unable to explain
how the committee would conduct
its inquiries. “’lhey will be looking
into individqu crises." he said. “but I
don‘t know how they‘ll bundle
them.“

SUN"A Vice President for
Acudctttio Affairs David Mttrtin suid
tlte committee rnrty cotne away with
a one-sided perspective of the situa-
tion at SUNYA. Mttrtin explained
llltll under the Taylor lttw. ud-
ministrutive or' management per-
sonnel cannot have discussions with
the committee members that might
be pertinent to the investigation.

Martin pointed ottt that the facul-
ty is already represented by u collec-
tive bargaining union. “Whirl this
means." he suid. “is that the ad-
ministration is prohibited from dis-
cussing its actions with tiny compet-
ing group. The ttnion could charge
us with unfair labor practice."

Mttrtitt sttid that personnel
records and the like will not be made
available to the AAUP committee.
"They will have access onlon public
information.“ littitl Martin.

“I don't see how they will be able
to carry out a very full investigation
from their perspective." said Martin.
“They're going to get very limited in-

formation from this campus because
of the awkward positionthey’re in."
Upon completing its investiga-
tion. the committee will draft a
report and submit it to the AAUP
Committee on Academic Freedom
for review. said Lapidus. He added
that the finalized report might be
continued on page thrcc

 

 

Utica.

Hospital ofﬁcials said yesterday
that Deutschman remained in
serious condition. Her injuries were
described Thursday as burns and
separated pelvic bones and other
fractures by SUNYA Student
Health Service Director Janet
Hood.

Polk was in fair condition yester-
day. according to hospital ofﬁcials.

The joint SA-Coalition release

said. “If there were periodic inspec-
tion and code enforcement in the city
of Albany. substandard and
dangerous apartments would ttot be
rented . . . It is becoming obvious
thzttthc Mnyor. . .and his personal
appointecs' continued non-
enforcement of the laws to insure
safe housing will contribute to more
deaths. injuries and loss of proper-
ty."
Bell said numerous code violators
have been cited by the Coalition in
the past including some whose
violations had caused other fires and
deaths.

“We haven‘t taken a next step.“
said Hell. “There is no followup."

But Iicll suid Coalition members
would appear before the city Corn-
mon Council on Dec. 6 at 7:30 as it

    
    

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

   

 
  

 

   

 
  
 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 
 

 
 
  

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

    

     

     
  
 

Insets-

SA President Steve DiMeo (above) was one speaker at today's press
eonlorence outside the charred remains oi «A Dove It.

holds hearings on the city budget.

“We‘re going to line up speakers
on portions ofthe budget concerning
bureau of Buildings code enforce-
ment." said licll.

According to liell. many legal
alternatives exist for those injured in
the fire. Suits may be forthcoming

against Michael Rickman. co-owner
(with Norman Lichewitr. and
Lawrence Solomon) of the building
at 48A Dove SL. and the city of
Albany l‘orthe violations and neglect
in inspections. said licll. although he
is unsure of legal specifics,
continued on page Iit'rt

Psych Dept Promotion Criteria Questioned

by Ed Rader

lioth student and faculty elements
of the (iraduutc Program in Clinical
Psychology say they fear that the
“continuity and stability" of their
program is in ques-
tion following the
resignation lust
month of Program
Director William Simmons.

In the next month. two of lite
remaining faculty members in the
program will face contrttct and
tenure decisions. The third member

News

Analysis

htts had his contract renewed fora
single year as opposed to the two
ycarcxtcnsions he has received in the
pttst.

It is the criteria used in arriving at
these decisions that is becoming a
topic of mounting concern for those
in the program.

'1 he major complaint is that too
much emphasis is plttccd on research
and publication in evaluating the
program‘s professors.

The Clinical Students Directions
Committee. recently elected by

“"Wﬁtitlv‘v‘

assigning Program Director William Simmons stated that the tenure

 

inane

criteria “iocussd on publication and ignored otinteai eoitvlttes."

students to discuss the issue with
faculty and administrators. stresses
the fact that the purpose of their
program is undermined by an over-
cmphusis on research.

According to committee member
Judy Wellins. the goals of the
program state that "clinical psy-
chologists will be trained as
researchers and clinicians." Wellins
pointed out that this was the model
accepted in the profession.

Accordingly. the committee has
stated that not enough credit has
been given to the clinical activities of
professors. activities that include
observing eases. running groups.
and arranging ilCliVillCS for students
in hospitals ttud clinics.

in a letter stating his reasons for
resigning. Simmons wrote. . .ull
three of the younger clinical faculty
were subject to frequent considera-
tion lor rcnewul against criteria that
focust on publication and ignored
their clinical activities."

The Directions Committee is
worried about the future of the
program which involved about 40
students and is the largest of the
three gruduutc-levcl disciplines in
the psychology department.

"Some of us may have to decide
whether to leave the program." said
committee member 'l‘om Neilttns.
“We‘re being trained as clinicians
with no assurance they [the students
now involved in the progrumjwill be
in the future."

Members of the committee said
their luck of accreditation by the
American Psychological Associa-
tion has an effect on their chances of
getting internships and jobs.
although none are sure just how
damaging it is. Simmons said his
attempts to get accreditation were

hampered by SUNYA. and that is
was a contributing factor in his deci-

sion to resign.

One of the program‘s faculty
members. Allan Isrttcl. is currently
Iawaiting the decision of SUNYA‘s
'Unchrsity Committee on Promo-
ttion and Tenure. According to
Israel. Psychology Department
Chairman (iordon (iullup wrote a
letter to the tenure committee that
“wasn‘t negative."

“There is it luck of understanding
of what is really involved in a Phi).
clinical training program.“ exploiti-
ed Israel. "It a member oftlte faculty
goes out and observes a case. runs
groups. etc.. it gets hint nothing.“

Israel says that he has been ap-
proached with an offer to become in—
terim director of the program. but
has mttdc no decision on the matter
yet. As for Simmons" resignation.
Israel said. “i was content with him
as director. but I understand why
he‘s leaving.“ He added. “[Sim-
mons‘j resignation forced the issues
to be confronted."

Along with Israel. SUNYA

continued on page tlrrcc

 

iNDEx
Classltied..... ..........14-11

   

Zodiac New

 

Bus Driver Assaulted

see page 3
NOTICE

The Albany Student Press will
not publish this Friday, Nov.
26. and next Tuesday. Nov. 30.
The next ASI' will appear on
Friday. Dec. 3. Happy

Thanksgiving!

 

 

 

 

 

 

