    

  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
   

   
   
       
       
      
       
       
     
      
   
 
  
   

 
    

.“ 'T_f-v--$I—-m.~,p A. W

-—..-_

RJuw.... .

   

..._..-._~..c-f~.,...« M.-

M...“

 

 

 

 

 “ML-a- a.__ r

 

proposedalawTueaday providin '
measure of borne rule for the tw I
lands. Nationalist ' ntimeri't is,

  
 

,ploitation of North ‘Sea oil has
spurred hopes the country may one
day be politicallyand‘economieally
independent. 'r "

. At ' press conference coinciding
with publicatitin of what iscalled the
Devolutionlilll. the leader (of the
House of Commons. Michael Foot.
stressed that it is aimed at preserving
the United Kingdom, made up of
England. Scotland, Wales and
Northern Ireland. “If we didn't have
devolution of this nature. the
chances of a breakup of the United
Kingdom would be much greater."
Foot said.

  

 
 

 

The bill. which is expected to take
up about two-thirds of the year-long
session of Parliament that began last
Wednesday. “devolves” certain
powers to popularly elected regional
assemblies. The assemblies. in Edin-
burgh and Cardiff. would have
legislative power in such areas as
education. local government.
culture. the environment. industrial
development. agriculture and hous-
ing. They would have no revenue-
raising powers. such as levying taxes.
And the bill makes no mention ofthe
vast reservoirs of oil off Scotland's
coasts. The London government
maintains North Sea oil is it national
resource to be shared by the nation
as a whole.

,The bill falls for short of the com-
plete independence wanted by the
Scottish Nationalist Party.The SNP
vieWs North Sea oil asthe thingthat
could make an independent
Scotland financially viable. It was

thefgrowing strength of the SNI’that

 
 
   
 
  

strongest in Scotla where the ex?"

 

prodded the Labor government of

" Prime Minister-James Callaghan to
j give top priorityto devolution in this
. parliamentary session‘despite a host

of 'economic problems also calling
for legislative action. , i ’

The Scottish Nationalists jumped
from one seat in the oils-member
House of Commons in I967 to II in
the last elections. in October I974.
Their share of the popular vote in
Scotland went from less than one per
cent in the l950s to more than 30 per
cent in the last election. The Labor
government. which survives on a
razor-thin majority in the House of
Commons. fears that the SNP—
unless mollified-will make it
impossible to govern.

‘ But the Scottish Nationalists view
the Devolution Bill as merely a step
on the road to independence. They
were buoyed by a poll published
Monday in Glasgow's-Daily Record
indicating that 44 per cent of its
readers want independence. while l5
per cent favor the status quo and 40
per cent want an assembly such as
that proposed.

In Wales. there is strong
nationalist sentiment but no wide-
‘spread demand for total in-
dependence. The Welsh nationalist
party. Plaid Cymru, has three seats

' in the House of Commons. But the

party general secretary. Dafydd
Williams. said the bill discriminates
against Wales by allowing a wider
range of powers devolved to
Scotland.

China’s Trade Increased

LOS ANGELES (AP) Will
Americans be watching Monday
night football on Red Chinese televi-
sion sets a few years from now?

That's one of the intriguing
questions raised by Barry Richman.
professor of management and inter-
national business at the Graduate
School of Management of the Un-
iversity of California at Los Angeles.

Richman. an expert on the
economy of the People's Republic of
Ching. thinks trade between the Un-
ited States and China will increase
dramatically in the next few years.
with-color television sets. transistor
radios and other elec-
tronics among the possible items be-
ing imported by this country.

“You may well see color television
sets from China within the next five
years." Richman said in an inter-
view. “They'rc producing them now.

 

 

     

————————————'——_
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE TWO

 

These Chains Are Here To Stay

A bright note for Fall fashion. Precious
14K gold chains to wear high. low. alone or in
clusters. Even the tiniest chain becomes
an important fashion statement when worn
with the "naturals" for 1976. Our selection
is spiced with lengths from 15 to 30 inches
and prices start at a low $19.95. Use our
Custom Charge Plan. BankAmerlcard.
Master Charge or Layaway.

jewel Box

BINGO “Mill! "I! OVIK If) VIN“

Northway Mall Shopping Center
Al any. NY. 22 5
SIS-4594898

3,
if
3


 

but they‘re talking about producing
them for mass markets. If they did.
they could undersell the Japanese. In
fact. I think you'll see some of the
same imports here that you saw after
World War II from Japan and
Korea."

Richman. who has traveled widely
in mainland China. says the recent
purge of the so—called "radical"
Chinese leaders after the death of
Chairman Mao Tse-tung may lead
to more rapid industrial growth for
China under its new rulers.

“It remains to be seen whether
Chairman Hua Kuo-l‘eng—Mao‘s

-will L ‘ substan-
tially the traditional model of self-
reliance in tiivtit of a rapid. long-
term infusion of l‘oreigii'lidpiral"drid
technology 'tb 'meei' the pressing
economic requirements of moder-
nization.“ he said.

“But if the moderates can main-
tain control for the next l0 to I5
years. China would be in ii position
to achieve it real economic growth
rate in the range of!) to ft per cent a
year.“

Richmttti stiys this could boost
Sino-Amcrican tritdc to the $3
billion tit $6 billion level. it whopping
increase from the SI billion figure of
recent years.

Sonic of the products likcly to be
exported lrotn lhc U.S.. in
Richmnn's \‘icw. tirc chemical pliinls.
agricultural iniichinci'y. computers
and liciivy transportation cquip-
lllClIl.

In tttrn. the Chinch ill‘c likely to
scll Americans gourmct foods. tex-
tiles. sporting goods. niusictil in-
sirtinicnts and minerals. ltc bcltcvcs.

China has ptttd much more for "11‘
ports in rcccnl yCill‘b tlinn it hits ginn-
ed on exports and suffers front it
biiluncc til payments dclicit.
llowcvcr. Richmiin thinks the vast
Chincst: oil reserves could rcvcrsc
thtit trend.

“China may well have more oil in
the ground. and cspcctiiily offshore.
than all ol Saudi Arabia." he said.
"Exactly how much is there. we don‘t
know.

 

NOTICE

'I‘tt'ti more regular f.\.\llt‘.i o/ Ilic
Albany Student Press It‘ll] he
published Iliit ,t't'iiiiultir, I‘Iii' /II‘.\'l
will [III/lt'tir lIIl f.)t’t't‘lll/lt‘r 7m and
I/ii' .t't't'miil tilt lllt‘ IUIII. A \[lt't‘fll/
ﬁll/lull will conic out Drccmhrr
Milt featuring highlights from
SUN YA '.r y‘tlr-l‘ part to rt'porii'il
in the pages of the ASI’.

 

 

 

 

    
 

  

  
  

 

 

 
  
  

  
  
 
 
 

 
 
  

  
  
 

Javlts Proposes IMF Solve British Crisis
IONN. West Germany (AP) U.S. Sen. Jacob K. Javits proposed Thursday
that the International Monetary Fund—lMF—and international banks help
solve Britain‘s financial crisis. The New York Republican. who is touring
Europe to drum up support for Britain. said the British economic crisis has
much greater implications for the Western world than Italy‘s financial
troubles. “An Italian crisis would not shake the foundations ofthc f rcc world_
but a financial collapse of Britain Would affect Japan. West Germany and tin-
United States as well." he told reporters in Bonn before confcrmg Wm.
Chancellor Helmut Schmidt. Javits said the IMF should extend aodtionttl
credit for Britain's short-term ﬁnancial needs and international blinks should
follow up with long-range funding on a commercial basis,

Mexican Government Swears in New President
MEXICO CITY (AP) Jose Lopez Portillo was mom in today as president or
Mexico as his predecessor. in one of his last acts. awarded to Mum-“n
peasants titles to L! million acres of land that had previously hm.
expropriaicd. Outgoing President Luis Echcvcrria also ordcrcd a new
expropriation ol‘8.668 acres of land. to be split up into 60.200 small plots for
peasants‘ homes. the Agrarian Reform Ministry said. The ministry did iiol
specify the locations of either the newly expropriatcd land or the land lot
which titles were awarded. The Associated Press erroneously rcportcd [lift]
the Li million acres was land newly expropriated. The error wascttuscd by n
mistranslation of a government announcement.

Outlook On Middle East Peace Brightens

UNITED NATIONS. N.Y. (AP) A flurry of peace signals front the M Ih~
and Israel flagged hopes for a Mideast settlementas the United Nations look
up the problem once more Thursday. But observers say the name of thc gitnic
is “waiting for Jimmy Carter.“ U.N. sources said the Arabs were readying
Mideast settlement porpostils for the General Assembly that are much Icss
abrasive than resolutions of recent years. when the primary Artib gottl Min to
isolate and attack Israel. Statements in recent weeks by leaders of ligypt.
Saudi Arabia. Syria and the Palestine Liberation Organization. IIS Wcll its by
Israel. the United States and the Soviet Union. have raised strong
expectations that I977 will seeaserious new effort fora Mideast scttlcnicnl

.FBI Agent: Guard South Korean Diplomat
WASHINGTON (AP) FBI agents are guarding ti'South Korctin (llplttlltitl
who has defied orders to return home and has begun cooperating tvtth tlic
Justice Department‘s probe of alleged South Korean inllticncc buying
among U.S. congressmen. The diplomat. Kim Sting Kcun. 43. is olltcntllt
listed as it counselor at the South Korean Embassy but reportedly was tltc top
Korean Central Intelligence Agency officer here. “Mr. Kim llllS conic to to
and that‘s all I can tell you," an FIII official said today.“lcan‘tgo hcytind
that. It‘s sensitive.“An Fill agent who answered the tt-lcphonctit Kim's lltitllc
also declined comment. liut tit I’Bl headquarters. 'I‘oin llcrringtoo. ti
spokcsmun for the external affairs division. confirmed that “We lllt' lltI\\
talking to Mr. Kim." He would not disclose Kim‘s whereabouts,

Construction Proposal of B1 Bomber Pending

WASIIING'I‘ON (Al’)'l'lic outgoing l’ctitngon lcndcrsliip liiintlctl I'tmtlt til
clcct Jimmy Carter ti major problctn Thursday by awarding Ct)llll'1lt'l\ltt\l.il|
production ol'thc Ill bomber. costliest iii history. Al'tcr liccomtng [lIL'\I|i't'l|l
.lttn. 2t). Citrtcr will have to decide whether to let that (lCL'leitlt stood in
reverse II. During the campaign. he stiid he would not build tlic Ill lit it’ll“
Secretary Donald R umsfcld announced the go-uhctttf tlUClxlttll .lllt‘l
Consulting l'rcsitlcnt l‘ord. 'l he itiovc ciimc its no sttrpt'isc humour 1 Itltl mil
Inst April “we must build the III bomber and we‘re going to.“ liilllhlcltl .tntl
Air force Sccrcttiry illlllllilS C. Reed clttitncd it is iinpcriilitc tliitt lltt‘ lll ht
produced to help offset growing Soviet strength iit strategic llllClL‘iIl \ttnlt‘t'th

U.S. Contiscales List of KKK Marines

(‘AMI' I’I-lNl)l.l-I'l‘0N. Calif. (AP) Milititry authorities iotcsttgttitltr -|
fitClili cliish lttst tnoiitli confiscated ii list of lo Whilc Nillllllh who .tlt‘
members of the Kit Klux Klan. but one tidinittcd KililISiIIilll tlL'CllilL" "“ 5‘"
got more members in secret.“ l'hc Marine Corps litis rcltisctl to stimulith t‘“
the Ciltlhc of thc barracks incident but was quick to tronslcr lll.lll_\ nI Illt‘
Marines whose names were on the purported Klttn Illcllll)t:t‘5lilp list "l-il
furthering otir human relations effort." said one high-ranking tililtt'l (in
Thursday. Cltircncc l’cndlcton. executive director of San lltugM l 'lh'“
League. called on black members of Congress to investigate l'llL'llll ttottltlc .tl
the Marine base. Most Marines have refused todisctiss riiciiil t‘ttlllllt’l at If“
sprawling seaside installation. litit there are indications of tllxtittltlt‘ltl .ttnnnt‘
whites.

Convict‘a Mother Pleas To Stop Execution

SALT LAKE CITY tAl’) An tittorncy representing the mothct of t'tilHItlY‘I
"‘“ldt‘l't'l' Umy (iilinorc lllcd petitions in liltllt.‘ courts llttttstlay Io ~t-|\
fitlniorc's cxcculion lII sunrise Monday. Meanwhile. the static proton lllti\L'\i
tilieittl with plans to carry out the first execution itt this tuition Ill lltllt‘ \L'.|l\
Attorney Richard fiittuqttc stud he filed petitions in 4th llistttct ('onll 4"“
bclorc tht: Utiib Stiprcmc Cottrt. llc said he iictcd on ltcliitll ol (Illltlt'li'i‘
mother. who. "as lln interested party asks to have the mitltci stuyctl lllllll to. It
"m" “5 "l" Supreme Court can review the Cilh'c." Attorneys icptcwnlmi!
“PP‘mcnlh‘ 0‘ If": execution nict earlier iii the office of Atticrtt-iin ( ml
liibcrlics Uiiioti Inwycr Jinks t)uh,.cy_ wt", Prcwwd the it‘s. stipit-tiir
(jollrl'lmu'd Set the Ciilil! eventually and Would vicw lllt: Silllillltilt -l\ "t
Circus.

 

DECEMBER 3. 1976

   
       
     

     
  
  
    
  

 

 

 

vby'l‘hornas Martello'
w--The"'University Community
Council will be holding three open

. hearings on the proposed modifica-7

tion of the Firearms l’olicy next
week. according to UCC chairper‘
son Patricia Buchaltcr.

The decision to hold the open
forums was made at it meeting held

Dec. 1 to examine the different
aspects of the controversial,
proposal.

On Nov. l7. the UCC attempted
to Iiold this informational meeting.
but trick of quorum and a dispute
concerning student admittance to
the meeting prevented this. accor-
ditig to Iluchiiltci‘.

lhc dispute occurrcd just prior to
the scheduled meeting and prompted
ii rcsoltition to be passed thiit night
by Ccntrtil Council. expressing out-
rtigc tit what was termed the
“Cbtiirpcrstin‘s rcIIiSltl to admit
sludcnls to the mccting.“

According to Central Council
mcmbcr David Uold. wlio iii-
troduccd the resolution. about 25
students showed tip for the meeting.
(iold said that its he entered the

room. Chairperson Hticliiiltcr
attempted to prevent ltitii front
cntcring.

“I told licr Illill Slit: couldn't go
into closed session." hillti (iold. "We
felt we find it right to bc thct'c."

According to litichttltcr. the com-
bintttion of ti smiill mccting room
and ctnoitonitlism tiddcd to what slit:
tccls tttts ti mistittdct’st:tndingabout
tltc niccttng.

“ I Item wits it lot of cniotiontil iii-
tcritction going oti. lltcrc wcrc ll
couple of people who our: tryingto
tnllttmc the group,

"I buy lthc sttitlcntsj'tt'iintcd to be
let in." sin: continnctli-"ahhcrc was
really no room to let them in it
wasn‘t llll opcn hunting. htit n general
business meeting. I told them tlitit we
\ici'cn‘l going to dcctdc anything.
tliitt it was ttist illl tnloi'intitionitl
inccting."

Altcr sctci'nl minutes of disputing.

it was finally decided that because of
a lack of quorum. the meeting would

have to be postpgned. “ ‘ .

“There were'no rules of order and
nobody left 'until it was said that
there wasn‘t a quorum and that the
meeting had to be postponed." said
Gold: “What we objected to wasthat
shc attempted to bar as from the
meeting. This is too importtint an
issue.“ r

Huchaltcr denied the charge that
she was attempting to bar students
from the meeting.

"I was going to ask the council
[UCC] members. whether or they
would make this an open meeting.
but the disturbance prevented any
type of a decision" she said. Gold
said. “They should have discussed it
[the possibility of an open meeting]
in public."

Show of Hands

The resolution. which Gold in-
troduced was passed by the Central
Council that cvcnitig by it show of
hands. It stated that bcctiusc "the
issue of whether security officers
should carry guns affects students
dircctly. . .ttiid that students have a
right to listen. question. and voice
their opinions on the issue . . . the
Central Council expresses its out-
rage of UCC iii the ftth that the
Chairperson tried to refuse to ttdmit
students to thc mccting . . 

the resolution thcn went on to
“strongly call" for open discussion
by the UCC on the proposal for
“warms. the rcsoltitton called the
tillcgcd refusal of admittance “clciir—
ly it \‘ltllfilltllt til rules of order."

ibis brought tip lliL' topic of
wltcthct‘ closed nicctings ill‘L' pcr-
tntttctl by coitiniittccs of the Univer-
sity Scntilc of wliichtlwykl'iitdﬁc.

“I lit: l't.‘.\tilllllttl‘i'\k'llb bust-d ming-
noi'tincc . .  stud lillCllllllL'l'. “first
of it”. the charge is not true. Second-

ly. according to Robert's Book of

l'lll'lllllt'llllll'_i' I‘I'm'ciltii't'. there is ill-
dccd substantiation for allowing
closcd llIt‘cIlllgh."

A memorandum in response to

this resolution ‘was sent to all

chairpersons of University com-

mittees by Chairperson ol'the Senate ,

Executive Committee Clara Tucker.

It said in part: “ . . . The Central
Council action reflects a mis-
understanding of Senate rules and
procedures. At present there is no
Senate rule specifying that council
meetings are open to members ofthe
University community. . .Further-
more. the Senate has long had a rule
that non-mebers mtiy not participate
in its deliberations without the con-
sent of the body . . ."

Misunderstandlng

Central Council Chairman Urcg
Lcssne felt that thc dispute was the
result of “rampant misunderstan-
ding on both sides." “Most of the
people didn‘t understand the mean-
ing of thc mecting~it was only sup-
posed to be it brief introduction."

"l’ttt handled the situation the
only way she could." said Lestiiie.
"‘I here was no way she could
appease everybody.“ Lcssnc added.
“More foresight in planning should
have went into the resolution . . .
the wording helped the mis-
understanding."

continued on pogo/bur

    
 
  

 
 

 

 
  

 
   

  

 
  

     
   
 

  

iocobs

UCC Chairperson Patricia Buchalter said that a recent Central
Council resolution was “based on Ignorance".

Judicial Board Little Known

by Amy Margolis

Although many students at
SUNYA know that some sort of titt-
ivcrsity judicial systcm exists. few
really know anything about its
function and processes. according
to iiti informal Aq‘l’gpoll.

‘ HStutletijls gang thuglttwtircncss ol'
hgllicllayatcni..iit..ti‘vproblcm. Richard
,lirttotcn. IIII‘RA.Olli‘i'tlittlllill Quad.
siiys lillll “pcoplc know it exists. but
not how it works."

“Most Sltldcnlh hut'c lictird til lhc
lllll\’L'l‘Sll)"h judicial system. btit they
know nothing about it." says lii'inn
l‘lllpiill'le. it Colonial Quad i'csi-
dent who was recently brought

SUN YA Transfers: In and Out

by ('orriiic llcrnslcin

il’ltltalt'h ltlltl \ttthtlttttttils lit:-
cotint lot tlic dcptirttirc ol tip-
ptoxtnitttcly I-ititt tttidcrgt'tidtiiitc
stittlcnts ctich your limit SIINYA.

News. according to Assis-

tnnt llcnn til Stndcnt

Analysis Alltiii's Ifcnt‘y
l\ll'L‘llllt.'l.

“ l he lotit'~ycttr. eight cotiscctitivc
scmcstci' student. who L'IIlL‘l‘h and
grtidtintcs ll'tllll thc stitnc institution.
only no longer be thc pi'cdominiint
statistical model.“ stitd Kirchner.

Kirclinct' stiitl thitt stndcnts lctttc
iltis tllll\t‘l’SlI)‘ ctich your for personal
rctisons. ticndctnic dismissal. lllliili-
cttil problems ortotrtinslcr or work.

lriinslci'i'ing schools and
|ll‘tigl'illilh of study is common. tic-
cortling tti Kircltnci'.

He added that there has always
bccn tin cxpcctcd attrition riitc iind
Illill triinslcrring was not its common
15 oi ll) yctii's iigo its ll Is today.

According to l)ll'ct.'ltif ol Iln-
tlctgi'iiduntc Atlllllhhlttllh Rodney
Ifntt. HUNT A must lttllllll il ccrttiin
ntiinbcr ol trunslci's. I'cgtirtllcss of
tlic ntitnbci til students who
\I‘lllltll'll“.

"We giudtititc more senior: tliitn
we accept its li'cshnicn." Kirchner
stud. Kirchner citplitincd that it is
now ctistcr to transfer to it different
school tittd tlitit transferring has in-
creased because of grthh of bigli

DECEMBER 3. 1976

school gi‘tidtttitcs attending college
and the growth of community
collcgcs.

Switching iiciidcmic llliljtil'S is one
of thc l’CliStlliS for transferring.

“When I come to this school. I was
uncertain its to what l was going to
major in." stiid sophomore l'i‘ttcy
Stigihtirii.

Sugihtii'ti. who hopes to transfer to
SllNY Cortland tiltcr completing
the spring sctiicstci‘. stud that “its ii
li'csliintin she considered majoring ill
psychology. btit decided to switch to
physical ctlticaiiion. which is tint
offered at SUNI'A.

Higher Than Norm

HUNYA itdtnittcd l.lll)tl transfers
III l‘)74.‘)2tl in |‘)75itnd 7% iii I976.
according to AShlSllltll to SUNYA
()llicc til Institutional Rcsctirch
chdcll l.tIl'il ng.

lltirt bclictcs llllll the national
iitcrtigc in retaining students tid-
niitlcd to tintvcrsitics lb about 50 pet'-
ccnt. Alhtiny State is doing better
Illilll this. hc siiid.

According to “fill. of IllL‘ students
who were supposed to have
giiitlutttctl in May. I‘llo. 3.5 percent
gt'titltititctl thlllll three years. 55 per-
cent graduated within fottr ycttrs.
itiid If) percent of sittdcnts were still
cnrollcd. About It) percent of the
li‘CSlllllIIlI class did not return for
sophomore year. itccordittgto “it”.

According to Lord ng. about 59

percent of lhc I‘)ti‘) ft'cshiitnn clitss
grittliititcd wtthin loui‘ yctirs front
SIINYA; 55 pursuit of thc l‘)70
freshman class illltl 5h pci'ccnt til the
W7] li'cshniiin cliiss.

“I don't scc tiny rcttlly drtinitttic
cliitiigc in tlic SIJNI' ill Albiitiy citin-
pits (in tlic numbcrol wttlidi'iiwtilst."
stud Kii'chncr.

before his quad judicial board.
(icorgi: liowcnnwho hiiil also been
referred. explained that "I don‘t
think that people littvc tin understan-
ding of it tintil tlicy't‘c ll‘l\‘t|l\'ctl in it.“
Similar feelings wcrc shared by
staff and faculty members directly
involved with thoujtidicitil boards.
Sit/antic l’ici'cc. Associate Director
of Residences. feels that sttitlcntsitrc
not aware of it “until they gti iii front
of it." Assistant Dean ol'Stttdcnt Al-
lllll'S llcnry Kii'chncr snys “Students
iirc ttworc otin when the ticctl
ttt‘iscs." that “thc sttidcnt who needs
Illt: information gcls it."
Chairman of the University
Students .ltidicitil Committee (ins-
pitr Castillo. said that students are
“tint titvnrc enough." of thc systcm.
'l he trend of cases. lltiWL‘VL‘l‘. has
been tIlI ithl'cilSL‘ iii rcl‘crrtils.
Statistics from the Office of Student
Affairs show lhlll the number of
slildcllib referred to thc qiind hotirds
has been increasing stncc tlic '73-‘74
academic year. from which time the
statistics have been compiled.
Kii'clinci' indtcutcd that the
number ol l‘ClL‘I'l’lIlS lIIlS gone up IIS ti
result of students" growing

ttwttrcncss and confidence in the
boards. "Students regard it more
Iiighly than they used to." he says.

Dircct cxpostirc to the system.
seems to incrctisc the cslccm iitid
awareness of the boards. according
to some stttdcnlx. ()nc trtinsl'cr stu-

,.dcnt. [said that juntilhc‘hitd made it

l‘L'lCl‘l’iIl to his “Militilllill Quad
Judicial Board. he “didn‘t think it
was its powerful ilS it is." “c said that
he had "misjudged it bcctitisc of ig-
noriincc." hclicving thcjtidiciiil setup
to he "funky-dink" and tin "cgo-trip“
for its members.

'l'hcrc tirc indications that interest
is growing. In [IIISI years. there were
so lcw students applying to hccoinc
board members that “it used to bc
hard to till the slots." said Suc
l’icrcc. llllS year. however. the
number of applicants iti cvcry quad
hits gotic tip according to l'icrcc.

.loliti lttickci' of Dutch Quad til-
ti‘ibutcs thc rising interest to the
growing conccrti in the ntttion‘s
ovct'itll judicial process. in general.
More and more students. he said.
seem to be turning their interests to
fields involving the law and the
judicial system.

 

 

withdrawal rate
a Office of Institutional Re
(see column three. above) is 50 per cent.

This chart shows the transfer-
SOurce: Wendell Lorang ol SUNVA'
students who graduate within four years

Freshman Graduated Still enrolled Transferred
class in 4 years after or dropped
Veal enrollment or less 4 years out
1 969 1 731 59% 8% ' 33%
1970 1413 55% 11.5% 33.5%
1971 1496 58% 9.75% 32.35%
1 972 1 546 58.5% 1 0% 31 .5°/o

(3.5% within
three years)

for the four most recent SUNVA graduating classes.

 

arch. The national norm for

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

