 

 

 

 

(INTERNSHIPSthan
I “Mums-Mm-
' wmnmummmmum
mmmmmmmswmmmn

ENERGY STUDIES INTERNSHIPS (lemma...)

wwuammdwmm-MGmmWw-mmm
I! .

 

Students whittngtoapply forlan timid
send a brief. typed letter of aspiration llsttng

Internship Coordinator
NYPIRG

One Columbia Place
Albany, New York 12207

1lama"annual-unaquIsIIIII

 

 

,India'n Quad Board
I sponsors
A Vacation in
Fort Lauderd’ale

SUN - SURF

ROUNDTRIP COACH
AND
DELUXE ACCOMMODATIONS

$11

-departs NYC Jan 3.
197

50 (plus tax. service charge)
with tax card .

7
-8 days Deluxe Accom-
modatlons
Spacious Trlple Occup.
-Returns Jan 12,1977

Limited Seating
For information call:
457-52l9

funded bv student association

Attention DECEMBER GRADUATES
Attention DECEMBER, GRADUATES
Attention DECEMBER GRADUATES
Attention DECEMBER GRADUATES

On Sunday, December 12, 1976, there will be a formal recognition ceremony and
reception honoring your graduation. Tentatively, the ceremony will be held in the
Performing Arts Center Main Theatre from l-2 PM and a reception will follow in

the Campus Center Ballroom.

Interested individuals may pick up admission tickets at the Student Activities

Community.

Office (CC 361). Tickets will be available to December Graduates from November
29 to December 3. Remaining tickets will be made available on a first-come, first-
serve basis December 6 to December 8 to any member of the University

Cordially,

Office of the Dean for Student Affairs
Office of Student Activities

Class of 1977

 

 ‘

mnnumunnnmmnmm

columns"

 

 All

The Revolutionaries

 

by Thomas Martello

This year. the SUNYA campus has been
"ravaged" by student demonstrations.
threatened sit-ins and cries of racism. These
protests may make aging llower children
reminisce about the sixties. but not for long.

The sixties. the age of hippies and yippies
and draft-card burning and peace marches,
are now considered a bygone era. They have
been replaced by the seventies. the age of ac-
counting majors. Jimmy-boy Carter and stu—
dent apatlty. The revolutionaries ofycstcryear
are the businessmen of today. but the
businessmen of tomorrow are the business
majors of today. Somehow. that leaves the
revolution market pretty dry. So dry. in fact.
that I’m afraid it‘s finally happened. We have
lost the haIIOch art of student protest.

This year. there have been student protests.
btit they tire more exercises in nostalgia ratltcr
than real. ltoncst-to-goodncss
demonstrations.

For example. throughout the entire
Colonial Quad Parking Lot affair, student
leaders argued over whether they should sup-
port the protcst or accept the administration‘s
proposals. That sort of behavior should never
‘ be tolerated! In the sixties. no matter what the
issue. right or wrong. you supported the

 

protest. It was the only thing to do: it united
students for a cause. occasionally shrunk ad-
ministrators to their knees. and. most impor-
tantly. got kids out of class for a day.

It was truly admirable of those students to
buck the system and sit in front of that
bulldozer. But supported by such helpful
statements from their leaders as “I hope none
ofyou are planning to go to law school“. what
else could they do?

Another thing; ifthe bulldozers happened to
show up in the middle of any students‘
backgammon games. there might not have
been any protest at all. which would have been
terrible because it was a neat story for the ASP
to cover. What is this thing aboitt backgam-
nion'.’ ls it a Communist plot to distract
students lrom interest in politics? Why. if Rl’l
students ever launched an attack during a
backgammon tournament. we‘d he wiped
out another hindrance to "the cause".

Immediately after the students were
arrested. SOP. a strident political group that
doesn‘t like student political groups. jumped
on the bandwagon and “protested” the arrests.
liy any standards. this demonstration was tru-
ly bush-league. l‘irst of all. they didn't know
what to chant or even whethcrthey should cir-
clc to the left or the right (any true

for the best price -

11109? (E Eﬁlllfﬂlﬁ

($3.99for a// domestic $6.98 list price albums)

"'I‘hanks"for "giving" us your support.

‘ . W
" fto the ten). Next. arm _
the am.- major. ” of

painting protest sigrt'i'on: 
students are afraid that “they did:

linen service would get upset. The signs hale
ranged from file line point scribbled

I. looseleaf paper to the real radical-students

who had (gasp) Crayola crayon scribbled on
paper bagsl ‘ ,,

Another attempt at student protest this 'year '

was the Rathskeller racism ﬁasco. One boring
day. third world students marched in front of
the Rat snack bar and demonstrated against
what they claimed were the discriminatory
policies of the establishment. “If you support
the Rat". they cried. “You support racism."
Shades of Little Rock and Birmingham! of
Malcolm Xl Of social reform! of.
of . . . bulletin boards? Yes. bulletin boards.
After all the noise subsided. after all the inten-
sive negotiations between protesters and es-
tablishment ended. the triumphant settlement
was that the Rathskeller would set up ad-
ditional bulletin boards for the groups to
advertise on.

Could this be the true answer to all of the
racial problems in the world? Instead of bus-
ing black children to white schools. we can
give them bulletin boards. Henry Kissinger
can use bulletin board diplomacy in South
Africa with the black majority to prevent a
bloody takeover. Maybe we have something
here.

It is now gettingto the point where students
can't even react properly to problems of the
seventies. 'l‘hc Watergate-like antics offormcr
SUNYA student Marc Benccke is what I‘m
talking about. This clown represents white-
colltir crime. ripping off $3000 of student
ntoncy and getting off with a pardon to
fashion school. the SUNYA student reaction
should have been a little ntore than the head~
shaking disapproval that was exhibited. We
should have burned a dummy of him in effigy
or something. We should have threatened to
ride him out of town on a symmetrical rail.
The least that should have happened was that
he leave for fashion school with a little fear

Come to the place with the best quality music

Now open Sunday from 12 until 5 P.M. with many un-
advertiscd specials available during these hours only.

rerolut
wrong. A
protesting and demonstrating ho  '_ ‘

‘ Down is students should “formingthelrt - 1
campaign now to bring their demands of
warmer weather in January to President
Fields' office. Or. how about the fact that the
bell tower faithfully chimes out the hour five
minutes too early? Now. there's something to I
get the old bullhorn out for. Another thing
vulnerable to protest is the student bookstore.
Do you realize that there are many more birth-
day cards for grandchildren than’for grand-
parents there‘.’ How many students here are
grandparents? I know Playboy has designated
SUNYA as the twelfth most sexually active
campus in the nation. but that's a little too
much activity to expect.

Well. there are some of the things that are
wrong. But. do we know how to protest them‘.
Obvioust not. judging from this year‘s ac-
tivities. The fact is that we hav'e been deprived
of ti key cog in our education and the time has
come that we change it.

What I'm suggesting is the institution ofan
academic major in student activism. i can see
the requirements now: Sit-in till. March on 8
Capitol 256. and Draft-Card Burning 478
(since we don't ltavc dral't cards. we can use
something almost as repulsive: meal cards).
All this can be followed by some talented
students getting an internship at Berkeley
College working side-by-sidc with real live ac-
tivists. with golden oldies like Abbie Hoffman
and Eldridge Cleaver serving as teachers.

l’rolessors on campus often talk of the void
in students‘ educations. It‘s high time we get
out ol these years of academic frills and get
back to educating the students. It‘s time to get
back to teaching the basics. Back to the three
It‘s: reading. ‘riting ttnd revolting. After all.
isn‘t that what college is all about?

DOn’t be a turkey when you buy records!

(Mt-393699me

Bﬂﬂ BGlWElﬁllL 0W» flJlLlBﬁJlW

ALBANY STUDNT PRESS

 

NOVEMBER 19, 1976 PAGE THIRTEEN

 

