  
 
 
 
   
 
    
     
  
 

 
 
 

 
 
   
    
 
  
 
 
  
 
    
   
     
   
 

  
   
 

 
  
    
     
     
    
   
   
    
       
    
 
 
  
  
  
  
      

 

 

 

 

~Am.. W.

   

 

by wt... in...“  r .
We were watching”! Grapes of Wrath]

with Henry Fonda (we weren‘t  watching L

with him, but liewasiln the movie) ’when there

was i knock on the front door. ht keeping with, _,

our tnual mature way of behaving. none of us

 to seekwho was at the door. More

knocks; the doorbell rang; more. Finally the
aoise was too much. >

‘ Hank got up and went to the door. It was El
Marcus. Hard to believe. but it was indeed
him. El Ma‘rcus isa classic from last year. He is
an Albany State graduate; and if you want to
see the future, look at El Marcus. He stands
out in a crowd. yet he is the perfect symbol of
the graduate. He is extraordinary. yet he is the
common person. Where have you gone Joe
DiMagio, our nation turns Its lonely eyes to
you . . .

El Marcus was a business major. concen-
trating in marketing. What is he doing today?
Well. he visited here to see that Albany cult
hero Lou Reed. and to pick up a basketball
trophy. We asked El what he was doingthese
days. His answer was a thoughtful one. It was
almost philosophical in nature. He pondered
the enormity of the question and answered.
“Well, I get up at eleven or twelve and before
you know it it's six or seven and I‘m ready to
go out for the night." He continued, “I get
back about three and go to sleep."

El did not come to Albany alone. With him
was the famous Leo. a member of the El Mar-
cus group and also an ex-business major from
Albany. Leo had only tales of Woe. Leo was
different than El Marcus. He was working—at
looking for work. ‘

For some reasoh‘yweﬁ'lﬁtood'otltside of a
bar in the twenty degree air as Leo told us hil'
stories of looking for a job ,(after all. some of
us gotta work). Interviews, jackets and ties.
the Long Island Railroad, the bar car on
Fridays; no experience. no work. Ever go high
to an interview? We all played basketball
Saturday night and Hank had twenty shots of
Jack Daniels for his birthday. The nextday he
didn't feel so well.

Michele also graduated from here last year.
she was an accounting or economics major—
something like that anyway. Now she is a
ﬁnancial analyst for Gulfand Western and she
gets ﬁfteen thousand dollars a year. I guess
they like her. Michele lost thirty pounds over

 lie—Plastic People.

-. the summer and now she's going out with four 7

. put on a new tire.

 

differs!" svyl- ; , . r '

I think thit it's tintefor folks to take their
LSATs and (Ellis and apply to graduate 
schools and law schools. I always wanted to
file an anti-trust suit against those guys in
Princeton who make up all the tests that
everyone takes. I also always thought that it
would befun to make up my own testing ser-
vice as in alternative. I‘m sure that .I could
think up many relevant. yet trivial, questions.
What was Warren Harding's mistress' name?
Who was the centerﬁelder for the Mets for
l969? Also, my logic is impeccable. Socrates is
a man; Socrates is dead. I am a man; therefore
I am dead. Ah. but I'm not dead yet.

Ned has been doing law schoolapplications.
Why do you want to go to our school? Pinball
at Cornell is only a dime a game. he's heard.
No wonder it‘s so hard to get into Cornell.

We went shopping today and spent forty-
one dollars. I got Cheerios and chocolate. I
heard that chocolate prices are going up. I fell
in love with the check-out girl at Shop-Rite.
She had such a nice smile. Oh well. I feel like
watching some old Bugs Bunny. He‘s great.

Monica called. She was watching “Sybil” on
television. i missed it. Was it any good? She
went to a haunted house on Halloween. And
her friend Jackie and her boyfriend went out
with Monica and some guy whose name I
forget. Anyway he's been seeing her for three
years and he hasn‘t even tried to hold her hand
yet. Sounds like a great guy. Oh well. Monica
is an Albany graduate from two years ago.
Now she's a bookkeeper in Washington. She

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

fear . . .

To the Editor: ' ' . y

I know there is a tendency on the part of
those accustomed to working with God ona
daily basis to mimic their employer on 0ch-
sion. I suppose to a certain extent it is an oc-
cupational hazard.

But the nuclear hoax carried out last Sun-
day in the name of “learning” surely carries
things much too far. Anyone who can main-
tain. as Reverend Smith did. that the “main
point" of such an event “was obscured by the
fears" in not yet realized that. for many of
those in“, the main point. quite simply.
was fear.

So please. Reverend Smith. spare us any

lines. Nuclear war is not the sort of thing for
which we need practice; should the bombs ac-
tually fall, i trust We shall have time to com-

pose ourselves.
Jeffrey Apfel

. . . and more tear

To the Editor:

works in the Charles E. Smith Building and v During the one o'clock mass at Chapel
she‘seoming backtoAlbanyinthespring.*us¢tast“ 4 J, - M‘ students 1“—
' 0

really wants to go to Brazil. ,

It's almost Thanksgiving. My neighbbrs’at
homejust moved to San Francisco. I wonder
who will move in. i wonder a lot ofthings. I
wonder who stole Wendy‘s bicycle and where
it is now. It's too had someone took it. ljust

My father retired a little while ago. He'll be
ﬁfty-live in December. He workedfor the New
York City Health Department for twenty nine
years and he also Worked for Yonkers race
track for about twenty three years. Now he‘s a
freelance it consultant. I guess he‘s no El
Marcus. W/ml's lhal yousay Mrs. Robinson,

student was heard shouting from an upstairs
room. “Holy shit!“ (it singularly appropriate
expression for Chapel House). He then ran to
the top of the stairs and shouted down to the
assembly that nuclear war hitd been declared
and in twenty minutes we would be destroyed.

The result was immediate confusion and
hysteria. Several people boiled for the door.
One student who was sitting downstairs with
us shouted that the telephone lines had been
cut.’ Most people were visibly upset and many
cried. This lasted at least five minutes. My first

 

lo/Iin' Joe has left and gone away . . .

r——\

 

 

I AM LOVER

 

I WAN EHPTIUCS
581351 FlLL T
N25 with?“

    

 

 

reOP&g,yewu6,woRsstp
ME, Lil/5 wlTHOUT H6—

 
 
  
 
  

1FEIFFERF

inkling that the announcement was a farce was

.. I saw  smug smiles of people obvious.

further mental Kamikaze attacks along these ’

rson Wells typ'e et’Ent.‘Du’ﬁ’ng tmpelga’

 

ly knowing something we did not. I fail to see
how, after witnessins the havoc their an.
nouncement caused. the participants in this
venture could. let the panic continue.

Some may try to justify this happening by

saying they were attempting to provide us with

a Icarningexperience. Presumably the point to
be deby this demonstration was thttt cuch
min tec'ouldbe our last andto make us tlwilte
of how we would react upon being told we had
only .r‘ninutes to live. Some did say they up.
precibted the chance to discover their reac-
tions but many of those present were. I feel.
too. upset or indignant to get the point,

I don't appreciate having had this ex-
perience forced upon me and resent that'nur
reactions to fear were tested like those of
guinea pigs in aJab. All this particular mass
did was scare and anger me.

I was more upset by the lhougltilcssncss of
fellow students than by the idctt ul being
blown up by strangers. lt scented like tt tttdittic
thing to do to a generation raised under the
threat of nuclear attack.

Lastly. I'd like to say that despite their luck
of consideration for our feelings, ihttsc singing
this event did display great talent and ttnttgintt-
tion, and succeeded in creating tt rcmztrtzthly
believable dramatic presentation. I \\|\ll lltut'
would channel their time and comp Itllt)
other areas.

Villcl'lt: .‘vltttttutnu

questionable
question

To the Editor:

"Y “ ' "seemscritntnnltmtmtm
an overwhelming problem \ltt’lt .t~ tit-c
relations in the manner Judy RIL'dllltI dnl in
her column. “Arc Blacks Cuttsttlt‘tctl lluutttn
Beings?“ It is apparent to even [he Inml t .lsllt‘ll
observer that there must ht: dl'ttsltt‘ t'lltlllllL‘\ III
the philosophies of both sides hclttrt' .tu\l|ung
approaching equality is deemed lt'ihlhlt' let.
the mere rhetoric exhibited in Ms. l(tt':|ttltt\

column shows neither Uﬂllcl'siillltllllt.’ at lltt'
problem nor any type of il\\’lll'cllt'\\ at lllL‘
situation as it actually exists.

An example of her unlttmtlitttttt \Hlll lllt’
situation within the white race llwli \tlll he
seen in the statement "Wltilcs (ll .tlI stimu-

 

 

 

 

60 CRAZY 6 'T
COME HS lilllllpﬁiﬂ
THEY wAur

IF MUTE? A 62056
mid

 

AL PROWCT; ‘rOU GOT ll

 

WWWWEJ‘)‘

 

 

 
   
  

  
   
  
 

Where does

   
  
   
 

  
  

my $66 in

 

 

 

   
 
  
  
 

   
    

student tax money

 
 

Losing slccp'.’ Open up to the centerfold and see how your money is being spent. If you want to see
your representatives spending it. visit Central Council Wednesday evenings in CC 375. A visit may
not take you're nightmares away. but at least you'll know‘mo're about the process.

 

 

 

