\.

..._.,\_..__l ...wW' ‘ And», . .

 

 

 

 

armour 3....

 

 

 

 

The university can easily be seen from the hill upon which the house is built.
The proximity ot Chapel House to the Albany State campus makes it easily
accesibia to the university community.

by BRIAN CAHILL

The absence of repititious.white pillars
and cement foundations tells you that
Edward Durell Stone played no pan in its
design. This wooden frame house sitting
alone on a hill behind the gym would be
dwarfed if it stood beside any building on
the SUNY campus. Yet for the student
and faculty population that use this facili-
ty. the old building is big enough for
them.

it is known as Chapel House. and
serves as an interfaith chapel for the
SUNYA University community. it is used
for worship services, meetings and con-
ferences of a religious nature.
meditations. programs. counselling, and
just about anything else that is good for
the soul. Among the different religious
groups that use Chapel House are New-
man Association (Catholic), Jewish
Students Coalition. and Lutheran Cam-

 

u

...the country home on the hill that has

seen the changes come and go still sits

among the quiet solitude of the pines.”

 

pus Fellowship.

Situated on the hilly wooded area just
off Perimeter Road by the gym. Chapel
House provides an opportunity for a
different view of the university...in more
ways than one.

The house itself is quite different from
anything else on campus. both in
appearanceandatmosphere. Its attrac-
tive architecture is reminiscent of an old
country home or hunting lodge. Sur-
rounded by soaring pines and birch trees.
it offers a taste of old upstate New York.
The path leading up to the house is made
of dirt and gravel. and squirrels play hide
and seek in the bushes and fallen leaves.
The simplicity of the natural setting is
symbolic of the simplicity of the purpose
of Chapel House—to offer members of
the university community an alternative
atmosphere in which to question their
beliefs and values.

The footpath leads you to an old
wooden door. Once inside. the country-

iike atmosphere continues. Everything in

ilowsky

the main conference room ills in.- mood
natural wood beams suppoit lltc high
ceiling. a large brick fireplace lifts the lt‘ll
wall, and the wood lltllll\llrl.‘illlt‘1_\\\it\'
ed. It seems more like a home than .iil in«
terfaith chapel.

The history of the building |\ “motif.
and goes as far back as the era tihcllt‘il)
politics in Albany was controlled h) the
Republicans. The local goternmciit nut
in the hands of the powerful leader of
the Republican Party, Billy Barnes. vtho
flourished before the turn of the century
Like most politicians. Barnes named it
place to which he could retreat. and so he
built himself a home in the “country”.
Today that same country home is still
standing in its original location. ()1 course
the "country" around it has changed it bit
since the “590‘s. The city of -\lhiini ex-
panded through the years; the "country"
soon became a country club: and the
country club became a campus for .t mil-
jor university center. But the country
home on the hill that has seen all the
changes come and go still sits among the
quiet solitude of the pines.

Reminders of its early history are still
found at Chapel House. as the basic struc-
tUre ofthe building has not changed much

 

Paying

 

the Bills

Hills are an unfortunate part of lilc.tind
Chapel House racks up its expeiisesjUst
like ewryone else. Yet it is not funded bi
Student Association. nor does it receive at
budget from the unitersity t i his keeps in
line with the constitutional proiisiori for
separation of Church and State.)

The money that goes into the tunding
of Chapel House comes front four
separate channels representing the groups
who use the lactiity. The groups con-
tribute Stow apiece per year for upkeep
and maintenance of the facility.

$$$$$

in addition to their 5 [600 maintenance
figure. the (.‘tttholic Diocese (in their
Campus Minis”) Budget! has also
provided additional allocations. Father
Paul Smith cites a 530.000 figure it liich is
spread out among the stall. and is also
used for programming.

-\t Catholic serVices on Sunday (four
Masses in all) a collection is taken up. Fr.
Smith estimates the average at $70 per
neck. 'i’hough the figure is quite small.
part of it goes to the operating expenses
while the rest is given to needy causes.

Aside from the regular gas and electric
and telephone bills. Ciiapel House also
employs one full-time secretary and a
part-time maintenance man in order to
insure smooth operations.

  

The coal at running Chapel House Is spilt
"Milli the groups who use the facility.
Chapel House is not 8A landed.

a .
univeriiiy photo ammo

 

 

at he
Univ sity

0\’t:i' the years. A large. old-fashioned
porcli adorns the back of the building.
'I he spacious screened area would have
been perfect for the summertime
va 'ations of an important politician. in-
side the house. the large room that fills the
center of the building is used by religious
groups for their services.

On the right of the main room is the
Chapel House Library. In this room.
perhaps originally designed as the den.
the walls are covered with old wooden
bookcases. They hold numerous volumes
ol‘_magazines and books on subjects -of
religion, philosophy. ethics. sociology.
and others related to the topic of faith.
The room is furnished simply with soft
chairs and couches. creating an excellent
atmosphere for reading and reflection.

'lo the left ofthe main conference room
are two other rooms. One is a small oc-
togonal room with a piano and brick
fireplace. Above the fireplace an antique
map of ireland divided into counties
hangs on the wall.

The other room is a fully equipped
kitchen which gets plenty of use. After
Catholic services on Sundays,coffee and
donuts are served to the congregation.
The kitchen is also used on Tuesday

The Interfaith chapel Is vlsllecl lrequenliy by university members at all tailhs
who attend regular services and special programs.

nights when Chapel House sponsors a
free community dinner. The meal is open
to anyone who is hungry. and those who
do attend usually bring it small dentition
such as baked goods.

For the most part. the upstairs rooms
at Chapel House serve as offices for the
staff. The bedrooms of the original coun-
try house have been converted into office
space quite simply. One of the upstairs
rooms does not serve as an office. This
new addition is used as a meditation
room. This small and cozy room is fully
carpeted and has wooden walls and a
brick fireplace. The windows in this room
look out into the wooded area behind the
house and allow the afternon sun to come
in. The only furniture in the meditation
room are pillows. It is a much needed
place for those who wish to read,
meditate. pray. practice yoga. con-
template thc universe. orjust sit and think
in an environment unrelated to world of
the bustling university.

0f the groups that use Chapel House

 

 
 
    
   
   
   

  

university photo sarviea

 

u

...a much needed place for those who
wish to be in an environment unrelated
to the world of the busy university. ”

 

the Catholic community is the one that
spends most of their time and effort there.
Catholic services are held on Saturday
nights and Sunday mornings. in addition
to this. daily masses are also held.Thc
Jewish Students Coalition holds their ser-
vices of Fridays and Saturdays. And on-
Sunday afternoons, the Lutheran Cam-
pus Fellowship sponsors a worship and
communion service. Along with these
weekend services, many evening
programs are also sponsored.

The professional satff at Chapel House
is not very large. Father Paul Smith is the
chaplain and spiritual leader of the'
Catholic community.He is helped in his
overwhelming work by Sister Helene
Maiiiey and Father Ken Tunney. Andy
Smith (no relation to Paul) who was
schooled in the American Baptist tradi-
tion. also works at Chapel House. The
main area of his work is faculty - oriented.
He works with groups such as the Com-
mittee of Concerned Faculty.

 

Building a
Community

university photo servlca

The students at the Newman Association at

Chapel House are interested in establishing

an atmosphere In which a community spirit
can exist and grow.

 

    

The nature of SUNYA is a very tran-
sient one. The student popultition
changes faster than the seasons, as seniors
head for gitiduiiiioii and led-tip titt-
dct'gi'tids tritiislci to tilliL’l scltoolsordrop
out. /\ll‘lll|l\’ Stat»- In .I (illiILlill place in
tiliieh to build at community

Yet some students at Chapel House are
doiiigjust ihtit. 'l'lirough the formation of
a Parish Council. the Newman Associa-
tion has organich its members and
creatcd a dyn/mic program for working
in the community.

The students have gotten together and
built a community feeling among
themselves through such projects as
"Telethon" and “Holiday Sing" perfor-
mances by the musically talented. sports
teams in AMlA by the athletically
talented, and increased input in the area
of liturgy by all.

As far as working in the city of Albany,

the list of projects in eomtnutiity involve-
ment goes on. On Sundays. it group of
students travel down to “l.waiiga House“.
a non-profit organization for the needy in
downtown Albany. I'hcy spend the day
serving free meals and trying to cheer tip
the less lorttitiatc and “down and out“
people of the area.

'I he council has also sponsored evening
progi'aiiis and “cotieiousness raising"
events such as Assertiveness ’l‘riiiniiigtind
trips to prison facilities.

One of the interesting programs that
Chapel House is trying to get off the
ground for next semester involves the
Business Department here at Albany
State. Father Smith is trying to get the
department to co-sponsor a course in
business ethics that would be directed at
raising awareness of the matter in the
school.

 

 

 

 

 

. i

L

PAGE 8A

ALBANY STUDENT Puss

/
DECEMB

R 3. 1978

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

J

PAGE 7A

  

 

