  
    
  
 
 
    
    
    
      
        
      
    
    

 

 

 

 

 

 (inns and other

'jwcurity‘issuﬁ have become a major topic .

6r conversation around the campus lately.
and where we print excerpts of recent

fWSUA interviews with two of the key

decision-makers in security issues.
Following are excerpts from a recent WSUA

Straightline show. Host Daniel Gaines spoke to

lint William, I the Director“ of Public Safety

. (University Police). '

line we. Irovsn Unltorme

i dairies: Security uses different kinds of uniforms.

What are the differences?

Williams: Ofﬁcers. in the brown uniforms are
police ofﬁcers; ofﬁcers in the blue uniforms are
security ofﬁcers, and do not have police authority.
This past year, Civil Service has changed the
security ofﬁcer job description. As the lines
become vacant [present officers leave] and the new
people we hire come from a list known as trainees.
and they will automactically become ofﬁcers after
two years. Part of the program is that they have to
acquire twelve credits per year as a condition of

. employment, and then go through a formal

training program.

The police ofﬁcers are all trained. they receive
the same training as all the surrounding police
departments. As a matter of fact, our training is
with theColonie Police Department, generally.
Gaines: Are both types of ofﬁcers allowed to carry
guns?

Williams: No. They are not. The people in blue
uniforms are not sworn police ofﬁcers. so they do
not carry fire arms at all. The only time they Would
is if they seized a ﬁrearm that somebody else is

carrying illegally.

Gaines: They cannot make criminal arrests. They '

can make traffic arrests. but we don‘t authorize
them to do that on campus. Some campuses in the
SUNY system do. of course. Some campuses in
the SUNY system dress them in brown uniforms.
We wanted to dress'them in blue so they‘d be
distictive and people would know the difference.

Movlng Vlolatlons As Crime

Gaines: We all know that getting a parking ticket
on campus is not the same as getting a ticket on the
streets of Albany. But there is some question in
people‘s minds as to what the difference is with a
speeding ticket and other moving violations. Can
that go to Albany City Court?

Williams: This year, we're runnig at the rate of
700-750 trafﬁc arrests for the year, and those are
all uniform summonses. They go either to the
Guilderland, Justice of the Peace Court . . . or
the Albany Traffic Court. Speeding is classiﬁed as
a violation. There are various levels of seriousness
of crimes. Violation is the least serious. Disorderly
conduct, speeding, going through a stop sign are
violations. Petty larceny, for example. is a
misdemeanor, which means you get up to a year in
jail. A felony is anything that you can get more
than a year in prison for.

Parklng Tlckets
Gaines: Can you send someone to court on the
basis of parking tickets given on campus?
Williams:. . .No. Very rarely does anybody wind
up in court in this state for parking . . .

 

Many campuses, . . . have
far less crime rate than
we do. Why, I don’t know.
Maybe the moon?

 

Gaines: On campus, how are tickets handled?
Williams: We have an appeal board which has
students, faculty and staff as judges.

Gaines: Does the system Work? ‘
Williams: Well, we give out a lot of tickets. and the

PAGE 4A

S‘s‘yite'm works to'th’e extent that they don't have a

 

   

backlog . . .
HM IMO
Gaines: What happens to the income collected in
ﬁnes? ,
Williams: The lines and vehicle registration fees
that are collected are deposited in a state—‘
authorized account known as an income fund
reimbursable, an IFR . . . it stays on this
university. We've been able to build up that fund
on this campus—We’ve probably collected as
much money on this campus alone as most of the
other campuses in the system put together. One of
the reason s is, on some campuses, rather that give
outauniversityticket . . .theywill issue the local
city ticket. '
Gaines: Who can authorize the spending of the
fund?
Williams: There's local authorization. The control
is under the Vice President for Finance and
Business . . .that's wholdirectlyreportto . . .
Gaines: What happens when the university is
sued?
Williams: A typical example would be, say a child
playing in the big reﬂecting pool, running around
as they tend to do in the summertime, and falling
and cutting themselves on the sharp concrete
edges. The university will be charged with being
negligent in allowing the child to be there, even
though in most cases, the parents brought the
child there. So they‘ll charge negligence and sue
for damages. To my knowledge. none of them
have been successful. .

    

Jlm Williams. Dlrector ol the Department of
Publlc Safety.

Gaines: What is the university defense in those
cases? I‘ve seen those brass plaques saying that no
wading is allowed in the pool.

Williams: Basically, the university takes
reasonable care to chase people out. We do go
over and tell people not take their kids there.
Obviously, we don‘t have enough officers to post
someone.

Gaines: When there is an auto accident on
campus. do you send a report to the insurance
companies?

Williams: ‘Yes we do. Normally the drivers
involved come in and give us the names and
addresses of the companies.

Gaines: What is the total budget for the
department?

Williams: If you include everything, wages. fringe
benifits, cost of vehicles, gas, electricity: close to
$950,000 a year. When I came here about six years
ago. we had forty-nine people; now We have forty-
two. It‘s been reduced.

Crlme Statlstlcs

Gaines: How much crime is there on campus?
Williams: Well. we only know what is reported to
us. If this campus is not too different form it
typical middle class community, perhaps one-
fourth of what occurs is reported to us. But we will
have. this year, I10 or l200 offenses reported to
us.

Gaines: How does that compare to other
universities and other communities the same size?
Williams: Most universities are places that may be

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

aired “high crime” areas. lnterms not so much of
street crime, but theft in particular. The FBI in the
past four years has been puttinginseparate tables.
so you can compare universities. Before that.
university crime statistics might be buried in some
local city statistics. That's true of most private
campuses. No onelknows, publicly, what the crime
statistics are at Columbia University, for example.
Gaines: How does this school do?

Williams: Compared with other universities:
normal. Many campuses, particularly in the south
and southwest. have far less crime rate than we do.
Why, I don’t know. Maybe the moon?

 

Those officers who are
allowed to carry firearms

are not allowed to carry
them in situations that are
confrontation; . . .

 

Gaines: What is most of the crime on campus?
Williams: Most of the crime here, and anywhere in
the world is larcenies. Books. wallets, coals.
vehicles, small items, TV‘s and radios.

Gaines: What item is stolen the most on campus?
Williams: I‘d say about seventy per cent of the
property stolen is personal property; the other
thirty per cent is state. property. Items from
dormrooms are common. Dormrooms are lctt
unlocked.

Gaines: Is that a common problem?

Williams: It is a common problem. You can go to
probably any dormatory at any time. and start
trying doors. if you‘re a thief. for example. And
you'll ﬁnd one that is unlocked and unattended.
and likely to have a camera or a wallet. small I \'
or calculator . . .

. . . Most people are careful. But if you go In
and out of your room several times a day. and
there are three of four of you, it’s easy for someone
to forget. and that‘s the problem.

Gaines: How about car thefts?

Williams: We don‘t have many student or fucqu
cars stolen. Maybe ﬁve or six so far this year. We
do recover stolen cars on the campus , . .
Gaines: That come from other places.

Williams: ch. Easier than hitchiking in stttltu
instances.

Gaines: Do you get reports of stereo systems
stolen from cars?

Williams: Absolutely. CB radios. CB thefts arc the
big thing. They've taken over the ten-speed hlkL‘h
for awhile. But we did make an arrest as the result
of a stakeout and those have gone down to
nothing. We had. over the weekend of September
l8th and 19th, fifteen or twenty CB radios slolcn
The next weekend. we were able to develop u
pattern. and guess what type of person wtts doing
it. for one thing. and where they might strikc ncst
and we were lucky. I
Gaines: Who are the people who commit crtntcs
on campus?

Williams: In the instances that occurcd. wcjodgrd
it was juveniles who were not very sophisticated
because their pattern would be to break it wmdon
to break into a car rather than try to see is the door
is unlocked . . . so We guessed wc'd prohtthh
wind up catching scventecn-ycur-old high school
drop outs in Indian Quad parking lot.

And the next Weekend, We caught mo
scvcntcen-year-old high school dropnuh
smashing cars over in Indian Quad.

Gaines: How about in general? Arc t‘ltlllO
coomitted by people who live here?
Williams: Seventy to Eighty per cent ol'thc it”
that ofﬁcers make are non-students. Virtuu“)
of the violent offenses that Occur when in rests :m'
made are done by non-students. Now, if wc mm
from the arrest statistics and put that out to Iht‘
total crime picture, you could almost say then tltzll
seventy-eighty per cent of the crime is by non-
students

L‘\l\

it“

‘ttruuniut‘ntna rt" ’ '..’

.,r

Willi-sir: Rates are always very tricky. 0n the one, .
handfit's easy to. posture, and tower: in the ‘~ 
midst of a crime wave." Reported offenses'areup . '
about twenty per cent over last  Now,

whether that's because there are more crooks or
because people are more ready to report is
unclear. The same total number of offenses may
have occured.

Gaines: Does this apply to rape?

Williams: There are two schools of thought on
that. I'm tending to believe that most women Who
are victims of sex offenses do not report those
offenses, here or in the outside community for

- reasons that are well know; embarrassment, fear

of what they'd have to go through in the
courtroom process. Fortunately, we have the rape
crisis center that our ofﬁcers work quite well
with . . . it‘s understandable if a victim doesn't
want to prosecute.

But what they can do is come to us in conﬁdence
and we can seek to develop a description and ﬁnd
out who the assailant. is . . .

Guns
Gaines: A recent issue on campus has been that
ofﬁcers carrying guns. How long have public
safety ofﬁcers had guns? What changes have there
been?
Williams: Supervisors, detectives. and the
administrative staff, who total twelve people. have
been authorized to carry ﬁrearms on duty for four
years now.
Gaines: Have they ever been used in an arrest?
Williams: They have been. We have armed
robbery, at gun point and knife point, reported to
us on campus.
Gaines: Has that increased? The reporting of it
increased?
Williams:This year. so far. wc have about eight of
those instances and that‘s five hundred per cent
over last year, but again, remember. what do they
mean?
Gaines: Has a gun ever been fired. in pursuit or any
other reason?
Williams: No. And we‘ve had a couple of instances
where officers could have fired but they did not.
Gaines: What is the purpose of having guns on
campus? '
Williams: For protection of the ofﬁcer and for
response to the type of offense they have to

,v

  to‘. Alternate. for mpg. depot,

pond‘tooffenses‘fon  pass, smiles

' fol-example, an  robbery is reported to us.
our officers have to respond. Other campuses Will ’

      
 

 
  

 
 

 

  

  

The reporting of rape lncldents ls atlected by
embarrassment. according to Wllllarns.

call outside local police to respond and their
ofﬁcers do not respond.

Gaines: What was the reasoning to have armed
ofﬁcers on campus four years ago? Were there
more armed robberies?

Williams: No, when I came here We had unarmed
officers . r "D to ' " ‘ g “‘
which quite often turn out to be ﬁrecrackets in
fact, but you don‘t know that when you go
out . . .and to armed robberies. which is simply
and untenable position. The policy of the
university is to not summon outside police
departments on campus.

Gaines: Could you outline .the department‘s
organization?

Williams: There are three broad divisions. the law
enforcement division. the safety division and the
traffic division . . .Iaw enforcement responds to
reports on campus, does follow-up investigations.
is involved with arrests.

The safety division has become increasingly
important over the last few years with the federal
OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Act)
which doesn‘t, at yet. apply to the university.
However, we’re assumingthat it willatsome point
in the future ans so are seeking compliance with all

 the «ammunition .,

other importsnéz‘funetlon
- nve’stigatlon on , _ _. ;
amps-.mueaiiuom' t. isn‘t-r 
after an injuryto acidosis. wefind-ours‘s
involved ins lawsuit. So we do foil, .u‘p
investiltions’; take pictures, that retrofitting".
Traffic Division ofcourse Is involved primarily

with registration of vehicles and collection of 

parking tickets on campus. .
Gaines: Students often wonder to what degree
security ofﬁcers are “real” police. What is your
relationship to local courts? -‘

The uptown campus is roughly two-thirds in the
city of Albany and one-third in the Town of
Guilderland. You'd best descrribe it as: All of
Indian Quad. the phys ed building. part of Dutch
Quad and the Power Plant are all in the Town of
Guilderland. Criminal offenses that occur in those
areas are taken to the Guilderland town court.
Criminal offenses in the city of Albany go to
Albany Police Wim-

Crowd Control

Gaines: Do you havecrowd-control preparations?
Many universities did so during student riots of
the late sixties. Do you have any contingency
plans? '

Williams: Well. we don‘t have that many officers.
and we have been fortunate. We‘ve never been his
situation where we even considered invoking the
emergency civil procedures to summon the Sheriff
through the Governor and the State Police . . .
incidents have been handled rather low key. One
of the formal requirements are. and this is one of

The policy of the
university is to not

 

summon outside police. . .

 

Trustees regulations. is that those ofﬁcers who are
allowed to carry firearms are not allowed to carry
them in situations that are confrontations or
demonstrations . . .asamatter of fact.when We
had that incident over at Colonial Lot, the
supervisors and investigators who normally
carried firearms had them locked up in the safe at
the time.

 
  
  
  
 
 

 

Ilariigan i.r tllrct'lly responsible for

Paul Rurmihul

ﬁre following are excerpts from a recent WSUA
Struightline show with John Hariigan. Acting
Vice President for Business and Finance.

Department of Public Safely. The interviewer is

Rusenlhal: Several ofﬁcers have demanded that

 

they be armed with handguns for their own
protection and to facilitate the protection of
students and others. What is your role in deciding
what the situation will be?

Hariigarch can clarify the present situation:
Currently. about twelve officers. ofdifferent title.
are allowed to carry handguns. The proposal
under concern has to do with the motorized
patrols that take place particularly in the evening.
when tltc people now authorized to carry
handguns are not available because they‘re not on
duty.

In terms of rcsponsc, or stopping it suspected
vehicle. the men in tltc putrol cur. without
firearms. are in it perilous situation.

The tnujorconcernright now relates to two cases
within the last two months. in which security
officers stopped vehicles. In one. there were
loaded guns. the other one tltcy stopped and then
were called off the scene. but this particular
vehicle was connected with having shot at other
cars. In both cases, the people stopped were
neither students. faculty or stuff. Basically. therc is
a concern for the life and safety of the pntrol
officers. There is a concern that l have and I know
President Fields has for the safety and security of
the people who live here . . .

RosertiltaIJ. . . the issue is before the University
Community Council?

Harilgan: Yes. the process provides that
University Community Council reviews.

DECEMBER 10. 1976

dcliberates, and based on what it hears. make a
recommendation to the University Senate. or a
report. Only the President. and by law only the
President, can make a determination.

I would emphasize that we‘re not talking about
trying to arm the police force, which includes
roughly forty officers. We're talking about
particular stations and situations. There‘s all
kinds of safeguards — and I ﬁnd them kind of
remarkable —— in the Board of Trustees guidelines,
which restricts in many cases even the presence of
firearms.

Rosenlhal: Is there any provision covering private
security personnel who come on campus, notably
those that bring cash to the Campus Center and
Administration on a regular basis?
Iiartigan: I don‘t believe there‘s anything to
restrict it.
Roscmhal: ()ne of the major issues that has
confronted you is lighting on campus . . . this
past year there have been instances of rape and
attempted rape. What has the progress on that?
llartigan: I think the progess emanates frotn
student concern, and someone listened to that
concern. There are problem areas on campus. One
that I believe is important and has been corrected
is the lighting immediatelyjoining the bus stop in
front of the podium and the podium itself. We
installed six lightsthere. The lights now. ofcourse.
are on all evening, which was a major concern.
We have looked at some of the other specific
ideas that the students have. and a number of us
took a personal tour on campus a month and a
half ago. For example, the lighting in the Colonial
Quad parking lot across perimeter road; that is a
problem and corrective measures will be taken.
The pathways between the Colonial parking lot
and the quad itself. and also betwee the State lot

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

and quad deserve some lighting, and we have
estimates on doing something there.

Another concern had to do with the many
pathways that are homemade. the path of least
resistance which is mine as well as the students‘s. I
think there are close to twenty such areas which
were pointed out by students as a concern
requiring additional lighting. It's impossible to do
all of these. But there are at least six in those areas
where there are double trees; and I think they are
pathways that connect the quads and the podium.
We have estimates. and all things being equal. we
expect to install lighting there in the spring.

 

Should security otilcers be able to detend
themselves agelnst armed crlmlttals?

PAGE 5A

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

