   
   
 
     
 
 
  
  
   

 
 
 
 

 
 
  
 
 
     
    
 
    
   
     
 
    
      
  

 

A .mcrmtsaau,

 

. 4,; ‘

~ “new;

..-........,~.....c......,.=.. ~.. 3.

 

    
 

in. a 

Somb v-—

Whenyou’ve got oniytttiicketstothebiggame
and youforgotthatyouasked Cheryl,Lori, ,
, Sabrina and Trisha,but they didn’t
.....it’s no time to get filled up.

$1016 You Motor Biewuiq Co Milwaukee. Wll.

“1.. 'wt’h’w. «arawwmmsx.

all _

t

it
. ' .. '5.
W44 \ a"““!3‘,‘
l

V Iﬂﬁﬁinﬁrg Walt;

. v‘
l‘r’ﬂ‘ys ﬁbres .

 

 
  

Lite” Door from Miller.

“who. aim“

 

 

M  M
o sparks decided to give it I go as English
'  Kimono My House on
‘ Releﬂed in l974. at the height
{Bowie an _ [lorry Music. it worked. A com-
w ' ntion of Mull “Winwood's ,wall-of-sound
- ' ‘ Russell Macl's alTected vocals
nd Ron Mael’s tongue in cheek songwriting,
Klinono My House broke Sparks into the top

8.
r:
9.
5
.3

*Then came Propaganda. ti minor effort,
nevertheless it set the stage for lruli‘screei. an
amazing display of depth. range and ambition
that iseasily their best work. One critic went so
far as to call it "the Sgt. Pepper of the seven-
ties": a bit ofan overstatemcitt. but notentire-
ty wrong. .

Lyrics and vocals Were never better. and
Tony Visconti's sophisticated arrangements
and production drove their postured musical
stance to' new heights.

' All ol'which brings its back. “by commodius
vicus ol' recirculation". to Sparks‘ new album.
Big Beat. Which aims for the Center. rock ‘n‘
roll without the prelixcs. Which is tin-
mistakeably Sparks. yet a little disappointing.
too.

Someone ‘at the controls has llll untor-
tunalcly simplistic View at what makes good
rock. Pounding bass. slightly phase-slotted
punched-up drums. l'uucd quitar. reverbed
vocals and mixed down keyboards mark every
cut on the album. without exception.

Rupert Holmes. who must hayc his hands
full these days producing liarbra Streisand. is
probably at lttult here. Some ol the sotigs on
Big llt‘iil cry otit tor more sophisticated
arrangements. yet Holmes tries to shove them
all down into the same mold.

It‘s a valid formula. though. and when it
works. the result is vintage Sparks: "t'onlii-
sion". “\Vhitc Women". "Screwed l'p" and
'l'hi'ow llcr Away and (let a .\ew ()nc."

Jim like everything elw lii Iliii lt'iIl'ltl.

lllllt' ll'l't'llli'.\ havoc on t’l't'l'l' girl.

lllltll do you do."

'l'lii‘ou' llt‘r lllt'll't' aili/ go! u 111'“ Ullt'.

ll Iiii/ixi-ri'i'l was Sparks‘ .X'gi. l't'p/ii-r. then
’llii: lien! is their .Il/l I'liiiigi lliisi l’iity. lt‘sdil-
licult to tell when they go Ii'oin one song to
another btit the big beat is inlccttioiis. and it
sounds good‘l'gggtdlcss. , Hm, , ‘

ll nothing else. Sparks has prmeii thattlic
big beat is stiecc. . ltil‘. tlicy‘\e hit the atrwaycs
with "l l.|l\'t: Girls". one ol the more itpbcat.
bouncy cuts oti the album.

lily: lli'iil delinitcly shims potential; tor a
Iliist stop alter such a change lil direction. it's a
pretty good album. It shouldn‘t be too long.
tum. belorc the next Spai'ks‘ masterpiece.
’Iliiii was then: I/iis i.\ non ,-
zlml iiolliiiig't liliocin' in Illt' ltllltl.

 

 

 

II

DO YOUR

at the beautiful new

   
 

tor a
-Dlamond Fling

-Selko Watch

-Storllng Bracelet

 

 

Drawing Sat. Dec. 11 9:30 pm

by Orange Blossom

~14 Karat Gold LInde Star Pendant

llartl Rain

By BRIAN CAHILL

The familiar face stares out at you from the
album cover. A black and white haunting stare
of the man who has been in the recording
business since the early sixties and has been
pleasing audiences even longer. His message
iind music has been with us fora while and will
probably be around for years to come.

 

Now he‘s come out with another album.
llob Dylan’s latest release is called llarrl Rain
and is an in concert recording lint don't let the
in concert description tool you. The album
doesn‘t contain the labtilous hits ol~ liob
Dylan. Many ol the songs are ones that even
hard—core l)y|an liners are not too lamiliar
\\|lll.

llecaiise ol its in concert nature. the total
Illllllht'l oi songs contained in the alhttiii is
reduced. lhis gist-s the recording engineer
more time to test his ability torecord audience
appreciation. guitar tuninig and requests
shouted truth the crowd.

'I liesc elements. tlioitgli now standard on
any in conceit album. are nonetheless an-
noying and take away trom the excitement ol
the pcrlormancc rather than add to it. l‘or-
‘tunavtc‘ly. in _,the ease ol lLriril Ktllll this
tlLlIllllL'nliil elleet is minimafAlthough there
are only nine songs on the entire album. the
songs are o1 Iongduration so the listener does
get a good dose ol Dylan and his music.

lherc ate some popular |)ylan songs on
lliiri/ limit such as "Shelter Iroin the Storm."
"Maggie‘s l-aim.and “lay. Lady, lay." lint it
appears as ll Dylan is not one to be satisfied
\\tlll the sound ol his ltit lllllstc. ile presents
these songs \\Illl some evident changes.

HOLIDAY SHOPPING

STUYVESAN T
JEWELERS

IN STUYVESANT PLAZA

Hours:
Mon-Sat. 10-9:30
Sun. 12-5

dust to mention a tow

 

In .“Mnggié‘s Farm” for éiihip tie turn

 
 
 

creased the tempo to some degree I added I r I.
rock and roll touch to it. lnthis tong. "well-s '

   
 

all the others on Hard Rain. the acoustic
guitar sound, so typical of Dylan'searly style.
is not present. The "all-electric" style succeeds
in “Maggie‘s Farm”.

This same decision though. to electrin an
old hit fails in “Lay, Lady, Lay." This different
approach to the song seems to be incongruent
with the tone and mood of the lyrics. The
words were originally sung slowly and
melodically, but on this album they are
shouted. backed up vocally. and sungtoa rock
and roll beat.

As in “Maggie‘s Farm." the increased elec-
tric sound in “Shelter from the Storm“ works
to Dylan’s advantage. The last bent and the
rock and roll guitar playing of T-Hone
Burnettc. Steven Soles. David Mansfield and
Dylan give the song it vibraiit quality.

With all due respect to the voice of Bob
Dylan. on this album he doesn‘t seem to use
his familiar. unpolished sound as well as he
has in the past. in many songs, he shouts his
lyrics and holds the note for unusually long
periods of time. He is backed up on these
strained vocals by Steven Soles and Rob
Stoner. 'l'he elleet is a monotonous and lotid
repetition that negatively ell'eets the songs “I
'l‘hrew it All Away." “One l'oo Many Mor-
nings" and others.

lhe song “You‘re a Ilig (iirl Now“ stands
out Ironi the other songs on the album in its
tone. lliis song has a quieter beat.aiid Dylan
sings the lyrics instead of sliottting tlictii. The
song is smooth and liiicly polished with a
touch ol class added by a soil violin arrange~
lllL'lll courtesy ol Scarlet Rivera. “You‘re a llig
(iti'l Now" addsa gentle totteli to Iloril Ruins
hard sounds.

()ne ot the most powerlul cuts on the album
is a song called "ldiot Wind": it ten minute
number that is tilled with the emotional con-
tent that so typilies Dylan‘s music. Willi anger
and bitterness in his backwoods \‘ttht: he sings
the liatinting lyrics:

You litii'l lllt’ Ulll’ Iliiil l ll‘l‘t‘l/ lwsl.

Illl’ll cover up l/lt‘ IriiIli lt'llll lit-s.

()llt‘ day you'll be III the grove.

l‘liin liii::i‘ng iirouliil t'oiir en's.

Illimil on I'lllll‘ .{l’lldll’l‘v

llaekcd up by strong musical pcrloi‘mances.

the whole song carries a strength unsurpassed
by any other song in the pcrloi'inancc. "Idiot
Wind" concludes side two ol the album. And
.is the last echoes oi the gttitai'sand piano hide
otit. the audience erupts and chants lor more.
Moie music. more heat. more ot the lamiliai'
mice that has peryaded modern American
tolk music through the sivtics and scycntics'.
more ot lloh Dylan.
7-.

 

 

corner Robin St. &CentralAve.Albany

Country Rock Sounds of

TREE FOX

Fri. & Sat. Dec. 3 8i 4

 

  

      
  
  

Iy ' .

George (J hlchjis oite of many die-hard
musicians playing the V uesln the Northe
small bars and coffeehouses. Unlikemostol'
these bluesmen, (.iritzba’elt has recorded
album. entitled Mad Your Grlt'szaday?

Most of the songs on the album are original
compositions, and only on three ofthe albums
[4 times is (iritzbach singing and fancy finger-
picking enjoined by other musicians. For the
most part. (.‘iritzbach performs alone on the
album, without overdubs.

Gritzbach‘s music has two strong points on
this album. his vocals and his fingerpiclting.
His voice is deepand bluesy. and sounds much
older than you‘d guess by looking at his young
l'ace. Ilut it is Uritzbach‘s guitar playingthat is
the true star of this album. A highlight is a
piece entitled “Ballad l'or Reverend Gary
Davis."

Rev. Davis was one of the best and most
reknown lingcrpickin‘ hlttcsmcn until he died
a few years ago. Before Davis‘ death. Uritz-
bacli was taking guitar lessons from him.

A low of the tunes are instrumentals that
feature Urit/bach's laney linger picking. such
as l’apa John Miller. 'kippin‘ 'l‘hru'l‘be 'l'all
Urass iii the Moonlight.“

For the benetit ot' the aspiring guitarist.
each song is listed on thejacket with the key it
is play in. along with special tUnings.

()ne of the best songs is Robert Johnson's
“Kind Hearted Woman." A's producer Ed
Densoii said. "Listen to the waythe gtiitiir and
the voice work together . . . George does
well with it.“

llioiigli (irit/bach‘s musicianship is of
superior quality. the production is ﬂawed.
Generally. the album lacks the sterile recor-
ding qiiality til at modern lb—track recording
studio. 'I lie quality is not consistent. and dur-
ing one song there is it sharp decrease in the
sound level. At a recent interview. (int/bitch
remarked that he had intended to re-record
the song lot this alhtiiii.

Overall. the recording Jtlh is adequate. and
the album has til‘eelihg ol'Wiirnith lotiiid on

blues records made many years ago. Like
many ol those old records. you probably \ton't
be able to had this one in your l’avorite record
store. Instead. it you want to purchase this
albtim. and lind otit about it whole slew ol
similar recordings. you have to write to: Kick-
ing Mule Records. Hos 323.1. llcrkcley.
Calilornia. 94703. A music book lor playittg
along with lltc record is ayailablc lrom the
same address.

 

PRESENTS

 

Si .00 admission

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

r ’ 'Wlkdfbt3-

W.......«..-—— ~

PRIZE lNTERNJTIObFI. CNSMFI

lllSlAlll lllllllllER

Directed by Satyaiit Ftav

lasting majesty and importance. It is

Recital Hall, Performing Arts Center

 

 

 

”. . . a great artist spins visions of

a truly heroic film. ”

New York Post

Friday and Saturday at 8:30 pm.
December 3-4

$2.00 at $1.25 with ID.

 

 

' J

 

 

 
 
 
 

  

I
f‘t
o

 

 

 

Hint

l
l

 

