  
 
     
 
       
 

 
 
  
  
 

 
  
 

 
    
 
   
  

  
 
 

N.‘ AM -w,‘

 

 

 

 

 

.H *rM‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_ .. 1K9“. "‘xp"<k‘ﬁ‘rﬂri‘>~trﬁgnt§\ “Haw”; mam“ y.

it

  

- have achieved his professed desire to
. die at" '

'  ’ _ ."Su‘preni'e Court.
convicted killer Gary Gilmore would

 
 

i Vnrise Monday with four
bullets iri‘the 'chest.lBul the high
court" Friday stayed the execution
while it decides whether it will hear
an’ appeal by Gilmorc's invalid
mother.
‘ ' .Negatlve Ruling

Even a negative ruling by the court
will not assure Gilmore a speedy
death. for the “do-gooders" he so
despises have other plans to oppose
the enactment of his death sentence.

The State of Utah is preparing
briel‘s to file by Tuesday with the
nation's highest court. Attorneys say
it could be days or weeks before the
court decides to hear the appeal.

Meanwhile. Utah County
authorities have said they will
proceed this week with a second
murder charge against Gilmore. lie
was convicted of killing Provo motel
clerk Bonnie Bushnell in a robbery
last July. but he had not been tried
on a charge 'of slaying a part-time
service station operator the night
before Bushnell was killed.

Japanese

TOKYO (AP) The Liberal-
Democratic party. battered at the
polls in the wake of the Lockheed
and other scandals. hung onto the
government Monday by persuading
eight independents tojoin its ranks.
But the party still faced a stormy
leadership fight and the need to
placate a maverick reform group
that won strong support from the
voters.

the LDP lost its parliamentary
majority for the first time in 2| years
in Sunday‘s elections.

However. it ' conservative-
domtnated LDP's loss was little
comlort to the opposition Com-
munists. who lost 22 seats
themselveswthe only opposition
party that tailed to capitalize on the
Liberal-Dcmocrats‘ problems.

 

; Gilmore turned?” on Saturday
and was visited by his uncle and
aunt. Mr. and Mrs. Vern D'Amico
ol‘ Provo. He was given a bathrobe.
shirts. stockings and sweatshirts.
cleared by prison officials. D'Amico
said.

Gilmore is continuing his hunger
strike. taking only coffee and water.
He stopped eating on Nov. l9 to
protest the fact that he was not
allowed to talk with his girlfriend.
Nicole Barrett. after their un-
successful suicide attempts. She has
been committedvto the state mental
hospital.

Gilmore has told prison officials
he would like to speak to his mother.
Bessie Gilmore. and try to persuade
her to drop the appeal, but he has
not been able to arrange it.

Mrs. Gilmore, crippled wuh
arthritis. lives in a trailer court in a
Portland. Ore.. suburb. Her phone
has been disconnected. She has said
she opposes the death penalty and
wants her son to live.

The appeal was filed in her half by
the NAACP Legal Defense Fund.
which opposes the death penalty.
Gilmore is white. but the NAACP

group fears that his execution could
speed up the executions of the
nation's 400 other condemned
persons—many of whom are black.

The brief primarily contends the
state dealt summarily with Gilmore
at all levels. and that among other
things it dien't properly consider the
question of his competence and that
of one of his previous attorneys. It
contended Gilmore's attempted
suicide showed mental illness. but
that Utah courts made no effort to
determine his competence alter his
decision not to appeal his death
sentence. It also questioned his
former representation by Dennis
Boaz. an attorney and freelance
wmer' Not Unconstltutlonal

Shirley Pedler. director or the
Utah Civil Liberties Union. said
Sunday the brief states Utah‘s death
penalty law is unconstitutional on its
face. but not its main argument.

The court gave the state until 5
pm. ES'I' Tuesday to answer the
briefand file records ol'the case. l'he
Utah attorney general's office work-
ed through the weekend making
transcripts.

LDP Loses Majority

’l'he LDP dropped a Sl-seat ma-
jority in the'lower house winning
only 249 out of SI l seats at stake.

The enlisting at those elected as in-
dependents by the LDP after elec-
tions is common because nonaligncd
members at Parliament have little
power: But this time. it was a necessi-
ty and it was only . hours'bei'ore the
party announced it had signed up
eight independents. giving it 257
seats compared to an opposition
total of 254.

The setback at the polls could end
Prime Minister'l'tikeo Miki‘s stormy
reign. Miki was easily rc‘electcd to
Parliament. htit he is required to
hand in his resignation as prime
minister and party president after
the election. the party will select a
new leader —-a contest eagerly

PAGE TWO

 

You Have Your Degree
Now Prepare for a Career in One of
America’s Newer! Growth Indurm'cr

Fund Raising Management

Adelpht University offers an intensive post baccalaureate
program in fund raising management. The program is
the first of.its kind in the country to train individuals
for leadership in this dynamic profession.

A career. in Fund Raising Management otters multiple
opportunities to use diverse talents and knowledge in a
professional capacity, and to make a contribution to the
community in association with industrial. civic and cul-
tural leaders.

Two eosvssisnt titties and locations:

DAV rsosituis.
hiss llSsptsrnbsr 2, lbw—listh Contour
Ssptssibsr lelscsrnlsr ll, IOU—Alsth Campus
EVENING PROGRAM:
April ll-iletolisr l. I'll—Bid-Msnhsttaii

For a tree brochure about this comer opportunity mall tho coupon bolovn

 

 

LI'QU
uamo ._...-..-_.-._._._ we-..“  ...Phono .... -._,, 
address ._ ...- . mm.-.” .. .-.....  __._v,_‘-_ _
city.-.“ .-  ..-,,.,v...ststs. .- .__._._._zip,.H .. 
E] Boring Day [3 FsliDey [:1 Spring Evening
0 Mlll tot
lurid laising Management Program
Adelahi university
‘m "my-“m Gordan city. user Vartt "no

Adaiphl University to committed to es-
tending aousi opportunities to all who
quality academically.

m GOO". "Ml W
"ll “A” ll. .esn'r's'i

POI II l
1'.“ m“ l0!“ 0"

 

 

awaited by former deputy prime
minister‘l'akeo b'ukuda. Miki's main
rival and seen as the mtin likely to
replace him.

Alther that fight. the LDl' must
deal with the New Liberal Club. l'he
club was lormed when live l.l)l'
members bolted lorm the scandal-
ridden party in protest. tin tllmtlSl
unprecedented move In Japanese
politics.

lhc mavertcks‘ gamble worked
and they picked up l7settts Sunday.
enough to give them a dey role in
Parliament.

to tilt the chtiirmtinships and keep
control in the lower house. the LDP
needs 27l seats '0 ligure it can't
reticli even it it signs tip the remain-
ing l3 independents.

Yoltci Kono. head ol the new par-
ty. said he might constdcr lormttiga
coalition Willi tltc l.l)l'. But lirst. he
said. it Will have to admit tlclcat ill
the election.

Ford Wmath
Laid Sunday

KINDERBROOK. NY. (AP) A
wretitli was laid Sunday at
l.lIl(lt:lthild. the mansion lterc own-
ed by Martin Van Burcn. the eighth
president oi the United States. Presi-
dent Gerald R. Ford sent the wreath.
as required under federal law.

the mansion is ill disrepair. but
renovation work is scheduled to
begin in April. tlte building was
purchased by the federal govern-
tnctit last year.

 

 

 

 
   

 
 

 

Legalities Prevent Indian Relocation
BRIDGEPORT, Calif. (AP) l’aiute lndians.‘told to move lrom land the-
thought was theirs. are being blocked from building on it new. sagebrush).
covered site because some long-dead ancestors camped. it's il “Catch 22"
situation created its a result of a federal law barring ccrttiin construction
grants until the archeological value ofa site is determined. About 20 l'tuutc
families are seeking federal grants totalingabout 5256.00. which would allow
them to prepare the 40-tiore site overlooking Aurora Creek. britig in utilities
and build low-cost housing. The new land was deeded ovcr tothc Bridgeport
Indian Colony from the federal government two years ago. i hill ltillowcdthe
lndiuns' discovery in I972 that they no longer owned the land where their
ram-shackle homes stand. The Indians were told they lost ()Wllclslllp when
the US. Senate refused to ratify an Indian trcaty in ltl5l . 'l he ctirrt-ntowncr
is letting them stay in their homes until the bureaucratic wrinkle (ll’cl
archeological value can be ironed out.

lCNAF FIRING ll UHCOI'MII‘I

SANTA CRUZ DE TENERIFE, Canary Islands (Al’) The 200-rnilc lisliing
limit being set by many nations will cut sharply the rcsponsihihics til the
International Commission ol'the Northwest Atlantic l‘ishcrtcs It‘N/(hscl
up 25 years ago to oversee fish stocks. lCNAl" members lllccllng here
yesterday said. The future role of ICNAF was scheduled for rcVIcw ycslcrthu
at this Spanish winter resort island. The United States and ("notion in
among the lil members. and both are extending their fishery lllllllh to 200
miles. Canada on Jan. I and the United States on March I. Iii-ittitn.ulsoa
member. is working on a bill to extend its limit which could ttikc cliccl early
in I977. The organization will probably continue monitoring tislnng tirczit
near and outside the 200-mile limits. Jurisdiction over lish quotas, mesh
sizes. seasons and inspections within the new 200-milc limits erI he noumctl
by the respective countries.

The Tax Cut issue to Opinionated

PLAINS. Ga. (Al’) President-elect Carter said yesterday he IS not contincctl
yet that it tax cut Will be needed next year and said it‘s too early to tell Milli
steps he may need to take to stimulate the economy. He said lit: \l’lll tlt't'ltlt‘
whattodonbouttheeconomy onlyaftercloseconstiliationwuht lllllllll.“ In
addition. he said it will be difficult to meet his goal oi ri-ttnctnu
unemployment by LS percentage points but s‘aid he will make ctcrt cllort Ill
his first year in ollicc todo so. l‘he nation's unemployment rate tum sitintlttii
ii.l per cent. Thomas Bcrt Lance. Carter'schoicc to be director oi lllt'illllt‘t‘
of Management ttnd Budget. said Sunday thtit a tax cut L'illl) III the lid“
administration lS “Virtually certain.“ Asked at an inlortuttl llt'\\\ t'tlllit‘lt‘llt‘t‘
about the certainty til a tax cut. Carter replied that it‘s too L‘llll_\ to telliiitli
delinitc certainty. although it is one of the possibilities. Lance toltl lllt: l.tl\
Angclcs limes that it tax cut of up to $15 billion - ptlSslhi)‘ in tin- iIIlllliiiil
rcbtite on I970 tncontc ttixesm-‘probably will be proposed by ( .ult'i

Reagan May Seek Presidency in 1980

NEW YORK (AP) l‘ormer Ctiltiornia Gov. Ronald Rlzngtiii h.t~ stullt'tl ill
statements llltll he Will he too old to run for the presidency in l‘iMl and soul
he had been the candidate against Jimmy Carter. he could hit \c \\ on ltmgnn.
who lost the Republican nomination to President l‘ord. stud Ill illl nut-moi
on CBS‘ "()0 minutes" program Sunday thtit he plans to lt‘lllnill .li'il\t' ill
Republican politics. btil did not sit)! in what capacity. lic \Jlltl .t tt-pnitol
statement by lormer lextis (iov. John Connolly. that Reagan \wtllti NW
old at o‘) to rttn ill Mill and only wants to promote his IlL’\\SptI[lL‘| tnlmml»
l‘ildlt) shows and lectures. mtiylittvc been“distortcd.“ WllL'lllL'l lu' nonltlwri
the presidency lll l‘Mll lie stud. would depend on the ctrcntmtnnm oi Iiit'
time. what the lSStlL‘S are. who has come along on the polititnt \tk'llt'. slut
names Will lutve risen to prominence . . .“l think tigc would ln- llll' lt-.i~tul
the considerations." he added.

Coleman Will Appeal to Auto Makers

WASHINGTON (Al‘) transportation Secretary WIllilIllI | ( “NW” “
said yesterday auto makers Will not be required to lllSltlll air but“ ““ “0‘ “m
but will be urged to make them available as It low cost opttint i IIlL'llltlll. in
announcing his decision. said he will begin discussions wuli unto innicii
during the week of Dec. 20 in hopes of getting the necessary iltllt't"“"”“ H"
set as it goal obtaining the agreement oftit least two mauultictnici \ to unit to
tilt bags on Ill letisl 250.000 cars ol various sizes In 1979-niotlcl t‘ttis tlllti on
tinotltcr 250.000 iii model year I980. Colemtiit said the bugs lllllSl lt'ltlll ltil no
more than $ltl0 tor boil) the driver and front seat passenger lllltl itil notiwlt'
than $50 for the driver only. lltilf of the 250.000 tittniitil ntitlml “"“M h"
equipped With driver-only bags and the other htill would llll\t' till\L’l‘]‘i“\'

 

CORRECTION

in Friday's ASPthe article en—
titled "SUNYA Transfers: in arid
Out" was written by Corinne
Bernstein.

In the Oct. 29 issue oi the A Sl’
it was erroneously reported that
lndittn Quad sullcrcd ti loss of
both heat and hot water. llcut
was restored almost immediately
through the work at members of
SUNYA‘s Physical Plant Depart-
ment whojttry-rigged ti system to
provtdc itbout 75 per cent of the
heat needed.

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

, ., air bags. the secretary said he expected the itcll“""""“‘ m I“.
completed by Jan. 5 and said he Would recommend to ('mm'i‘“ "mm
thereafter whttt further action to take.

CP‘C'Is Rotunda go Unnotlcad
JACKSON. Mich. (AP) A Michigan public utility is trymi: l“ W" hm
nearly $30 million to its gas and electric customers. btit sonic oi them-’00
looking the gill horse ill the mouth. Consumers Power Co. is tcsotitnulm|
costly national advertising campaign to track down |‘)7ll tintl I‘)'/| t‘““”"“‘"
who don't know they‘re entitled to $5 to Sl0 reloads. "Sonic ol litclll uh"
New? our reiund cheeks thought they were bills. and 0W.“ “N” "3 1'
C’htwk. says .lttclt Mercado. who heads the refund project tot ( “W'm‘”
lower. lhc company has purchased iids ill the Wiill Street Journal. IIIL‘
National Observer. 45 state daily newspapers utid l;l5 weekl)’ Wm" "M
hWill“ time on 38 radio stations ititd ti dozen television stuttorn to uvl "1"
message out. Mercttdo says. lie declined to estimate the cost ill the wild”
but lillitl it Will be borne by shareholders. not ciistotticrs.

1

DECEMBER 7, 1976

 

 

 

  

' 0' L LOUIS

Vice r ‘
destructive attitudes hu

    
    
   
 

umron
sold Curtis Hemonway'o
rt Dudley Observatory.

.m_unm

    

by Kenneth Levine

“Hell. I don‘t mind being tired.”
said SUNYA Professor Curtis
Hemenway. “but I do mind when the
circumstances surrounding my ter-

m i n a t i o n a r e
News questionable."
Analysis A disagreement

between Hemenway
and Vice President for Research
Louis Salkever and a history ofwhat
Space Astronomy Lab Director
Jerry Weinberg termed “personal
clashes“ , ‘ ‘ i' ,‘s dis-
missal late last spring.

Hemenway is the director of
Dudley Observatory and has been
teaching courses in Astronomy and
Space Science at SUNYA for 13
years.

Hemenway has accused the un-
ivcristy of copying a Dudley Obser-
vatory research proposal. of
violating union regulations by dis-
missing tenured faculty members
before non-tenured members. of
retrenching the Astronomy Depart-
ment without giving faculty

Letters Hope to Inﬂuence Budget

by Beverly Hearn
SASU hopes to discourage Gover-
nor Carey from making additional

budget cuts at SUNY schools
through a student letter-writing

campaign. according to SUNYA
SASU Delegate Kathy Baron.

Baron said that since the Ex-
ecutivc Budget comes out in
January. it is essential that the letters
gel to the Governor belorc that time,
Ill order to have inllucncc on the
btidgct he presents to the
Legislature. ‘

Baron said that tables will be set
up in l'ltig rooms on the quadriinglcs
and iii the Campus Center. Students
manning these tables will try to en-
courage students to write letters
slitting what problems they will en-
counter tt the tuition is increased.

Writing Responses

Accorditig to Baton. the Gover-
nor Will have to receive letters from a
signilictint portion oi the student
body at SUNYA in order to per-
suade him that students cannot tif-
lord ti tuition liikc. One—hundred
letters. tor example. would itot be
ttetirly enouglt. Baron sttilcd tlttit il
tuition isn‘t rttiscd. programs Will be
cut instead in order to make up tor
the [tick of money. “We can‘t tillord
tiny tntirc progrtitrt cuts.“ she said.

 

As it is. SUNYA‘s room and
board rates are the same as those at
private schools. The only cost that
sets SUNYA apart from private
schools is its lchr tuition. Accor-
dmg to Baron. the Board ol'cheiits'
position IS that tuition at SUNY
should be equal to tuition at private
schools.

Baron said that student pressure is
art cllcctivc tool tor change. She
recalled that a threatened strike by
the Commonwealth Association of
Students in Pennsylvania. ti state-
qidc organisation comparable to
SASU caused their equivalent to our
Board oi Regents to back down. Asa
result. tuition was not raised in
Pennsylvania‘s state schools.

Baron leels that last year‘s SUNY
demonstration at the capital in
Albany to prevent budget cuts was a
failure. She said the major problem
was the presence ol'CUNY (City Un-
iversity ol New York). While CUNY
was against hiiving to pay tuition at
till. SUNY Wits protesting drastic
cuts in its budget. The two are ob-
viously different issues.

Baron lecls tiitit to be successful.
SUNY must "do its own thing.“ She
raised the possibility oi conducting
open hearings tit SUNYA. Sitite
legislators lrom the Ways ttiid

 

Means and the Finance Committees
could be invited tothe SUNYA cam—
pus where students could testify con-
ccrning the problems increased tui-
tion would create. According to
Baron. increased tuition would
mean 'l'uttton Assistance Program
Awards would not go as far; the
Educational Opportunity Program's
ability to help students would be
similarly limited. and students
would also find themselves applying
tor loans as well as Basic Opportuni-
ty Grants.
Budget Legislators

lttlking to legislators involved in
the budget process might prevent
students lt'om encountering dil-
liculttes such as these. ttccording to

lliiron. Any btidget recommen-

dtitiotis made by the Board of

Regents to the Governor must be
passed by the Legislature.

.loel Packer. SASU Legislative

Director. thinks that the Legislature

Will not approve additional budget
many

cuts at SUNY. Because

members a chance to testify in
defense of their department. and of
dismissing him as an Astronomy
professor even though he was-hired
by the Physics department and
should therefore be allowed to stay
on.

Hemenway said he was furious
with Salkcver when he found out
that the university‘s Space
Astronomy Lab had copied Dudley
Obscrvatory‘s proposal for a project
for micro-wave scatterin
.. .. ‘ and had ‘ I “,
submitted the copy with two minor
changes to the Air Force Office of
Scientilic Research. Consequently.
the Air Force received two nearly
identical proposals from the twa
organizations.

Salkever described the duplica-
tion ol proposals differently. “If
anybody is stealing a proposal it is
Dudley."

Salkcvcr said the proposal was
written by two men. Frank Giovane
and Donald Schuerman who resign-
cd from Dudley Observatory
because they refused to work under

Hemenway and were subsequently
employed at the university's Space
Astronomy Lab. He said the Air
Force was "interested in these two
people and in no one at Dudley."

Hemenway claints the university
does not have the equipment

    

necessary for “the _
Sslkever said they have
necessary equipment”. . I ’l ‘

Hemenway said that the 
controversy will. essentially 
Dudley out of business. ' ’ ‘

Salkever attributed Dudley's loss
of business to mismanagement on
the part of Hemenway. He-referred
to Hemenway‘s attitude as one of
"wreck if you can't rule.“

Hemenway is currently pursuing
the possibility of suing Salkever for
slander. 'l’his controversy centers
around letters written by Salkeverto
the Air Force. -

Salkevcr said that Hemenway
thinks that slander consists of the
"mere mention" that Giovane and
Schuerman resigned because they
relused to work under him. “‘l‘hat's
not slander.“ said Salkever. “that's
tact."

Director ol’the University's Space
Astronomy Lab. Jerry Weinberg.
denied another of Hemenways‘s ac-
cusations: that the university abs im-
porperly dismissed tenured faculty
before non-tenured faculty. l'his ac-
cusation was made with regard to
Weinberg who has been affiliated
with the university for three years
and who is classified as an "adjunct
professor."

Weinberg said the reason he has

continued on page jive

. «is?
locus.

CSEA union members were ordered not to work last Friday by Vice
President lor University Attalrs Lewis Watch (above). '

legislators hold the opinion thiit the
Board oi Regents is biased against
public cdtictition. they will be reluc-
tant to accept the Board's
recommendations on SUNY‘s
budget because SUNY is it public iii-
stitution. according to l'uckcr.
by b‘lorle Shertser

Loetil o9l ol the CSEA. whose
members make up the vast bulk of
SUNYA‘s maintenance and clerical
personnel. staged ii picket during ths
past vacation in protest ol'the cam-
pus closing l‘riday. Nov. 26. the day
l'olloWing 'l'htinksgiving.

No Classes

According to SUNYA Vice Presi-
dent lor University Allatrs Lewis
Welclt. plans were itittde to close the
campus on Friday because there
were ito classes iii session. Welcli
stud tlitit CSEA members iitid been
asked to take eillicr personal or
vacation tiiite on Friday. those who
did not have accrued time all were
asked not to work tiitd were not paid.

CSlz'A spokesman Dan Cumbcll
said that the association had been
told that the closing of the school
was to save operational and energy
costs. However. employees were riot
instructed to shut down boilers and
turn off electricity.

 

 

SUN YA Picketed

were still on. the buildings were be-
ing heated. and the electricity was
not turned oil." stated Cumhell.

According to Cambell. SUNYA
was the only university center that
was closed. “'l'his IS one case." stated
Ctimbcll. “when a union was lighting
lor lhc rigltt to work. Every
employee Wits willing to work. and
we were prevented."

CSliA has charged that SUNYA
Administration alone did not have
the authority to close the school. 'I be
legal authority lor uscli action rests
solely with the Governor and the
Civil Service Commission.

Good Grievances

CSliA believes it has a good case.
ttitd is presently taking its grievances
to the SUNY Central Administra-
tion. They are concerned that
SUN YA could csttiblisliti precedent.
and close the school down duringthe
week between Christmas and New
Years Eve. “We think we have a
legitimate grievance. and we're going

 

   
        

  
  

  

 

 

State Police scuba divers recovered a car from Indian Lake Saturday. The car had been stolen trorn .. . . » n
s Guildertsnd woman and rolled into the lake. according to University Security. A "w °i "” '°°'.‘ " 1"“ “mm w "3'" ‘° "w "‘d' "WW

I the campus. Most lights on campua Canibell.
DECEMBER 7. 1978 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS PAGE Tum

 

 

 

 

