  
 
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

5.7

   

 

 

 

 

 

will

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

Recreational
9.9

EMA—4.6

 

Speaker’s Forum — 3.4

University-wide
29. I

University Concert Ioard — l0.5

 

  
    
 

Other Univ.-wide —- l0.6

 

-.rr
1.: a-———-———-—~:I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
  

 

 

II
II
II

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
    

Intercollegiate Sports
(AAI)
l9.0

 
 

 

IUDGI‘I‘S: SA groups its funded organisations into

APPROP

, (or, where d es my$66
in studenttax oney 90?)

categories. lach category ls here, except for the

emergency spending line (see text). Some groups
are separated out of their categories. They are
groups that have appropriations greater than 3%.
Budgets are. total dollar amounts that a group

spends.

While both of the accompanying
bar graphs are-useful..it~iunwiee to .
compare them. The budget graph
denotes the total amount of moneys
group deals with; the appropriation
graph denotes how much student tax
money is received. The difference
represents a group's income.

That income could'come from
anywhere. but in most cases it comes
from ticket sales. Also. students par-
ticipating in that particular group
often pay dues. The philosophical
reasoning is that while the students

ON THE CHARTS... . .

    

sPeciol Notes on Braphs: WSUA’s
“gums Include itsF thudget which is
“0' Presently In opt ration, but is ex-
Perted to be next pinester. The ASP

has a large budgpt ($60,000) but
leiewes no money it appropriations.
thus lhere n o hrqe diileronee
between "other mum” in these two
graphs SASU (Stud )ttt Association at
the State Untvenit, receives $8.000
out oi the SA Opera big budget. SASU
duesote l doithet- nlappropriotian.
The SA lawyer servir 4310000) is part
oi the SA Operatinr and Salaries set:-

  
   

as a whole are willingto subsidize
events that serve oniysomc students.
they are only willing to do this upto
a point. In general. SA looks for
proof that a group‘s members are
seriously interested in their group.
and one piece of evidence towards
that proof is that the group's
members are willing to pitch in some
dollars.

Advertising and xerox income are
two other major sources of money
for Student Association that inﬂates
the‘ budget ﬁgures.

 

PERSPECTIVE ON THE FACTS. . .

Thirty-three dollars per semester is charged to every
undergraduate. which appears along with tuition on the
bill the bursar sends out. Just as tuition is supposed to
pay to support the academic environment on this
campus. the “student activities asscsment" is supposed
to provide the backbone of the extra—curricular activity
for the students of this campus.

Student Association has been delegated the
responsibility for determining how much ofa tax should
be levied and how it should be spent, under gcncrai
guidelines put out by the Board of Trustees.

The SA will appropriate more than 500.000doilars to
about 30 groups who provide pttrtics. ntovics.spcukcrs.
and information that would be more difficult to
program at low cost without il ccrtitin dcgrcc ofsuhsidy
(by SA).

In addition to this budgeting of ltttlfit milliondollars,
thcrc ttrc other assets which SA controls. SA owns
[)ippikiil. which is litiiiacrcs ofiand worth about halfu
million dollars.

The General Fund is an emergency account which
contains $15,000. and the Athletic Board surplus which
had accumulated over the years contains $170,000.
These funds are gaining interest. but may be used at
some time for large projects or expenditures. The Xerox
machinc was bought out of these funds. and projects
such as a ﬁeldhousc or Student Dwellings could use
these as sources of funds.

A portion of the tax money SA takes in is not
budgeted. This money is put into the Emergency

 

Spending Linc (ESL) which this year started at $10.00“
This money is given out throughout the your to group
who need morc. or to new groups by CcntrtrH'numll

The bulk of programming done on Citmpus I5 dune hi
the Quads. Albany State Cinema. thc (‘ottcchuuw
Committee. Speakers Forum. Concert ilotnd. MIN.
and some of the cultural groups. As the tit-initth ol
these groups often generittc incomc. (ticket stilt-x. m l
thcy can spend more than they arc ilpptltprtitictl ht
recycling some of thcir rcccipts ttllt) mutt-
programming.

’l'hc proportion of the tax that goes to iliilit'llt‘ n
dclcrmincd by SA. All varsity. .l,V.. and club tcntttmth
funded by thc tttx.

The purpose of cvcry group is on liic \uth \ \ ml
must be adhcrcd to itt order for the group to gt't in.» .r
Each group is budgctcd individually. tohl hon (my
they are hcing givcn. ltow much they should iit' .tlm Iv
make on their own. and how much lilL') um Niki r: u.
what (publicity. trips. ctc.).

SA opcrttting pays I’oritdvcrtisctncnts int 5. \, \t IH\
schiccs. transportation (SA owns and tipcltlit'\ .t «in
that is uscd by its groups) telephones, lillt'\ In!
membership in SASU. ttnd oii'icc Slippilcs.

Salaries and stipends are for the I’rcslticnt. \ I' and
Controller of SA. thc Chairperson of Central (Mm Il-
thc fulltimc secretary for the SA office. iltlti .stmlvlll
assistants who work both in the third ﬂoor lliilL't.’ itiiti ill
the contact ofﬁce on the first floor. This littc also PH."
for the SA Lawyer.

 

 

tion oi the bat gut in.

7iATl-O NS

 

 
 

Academic
.7

   

    
 
  

   
   
 

       
 

I I t r . r I
. im‘m cannot

run mT'l

Other Cultural

llllilllll

2.0

I
l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mi... 
ii! . "5 

 
 

   

 
 
   

APPROPRIATIONS: These are the percentage
amounts each 5A organizational category
receives at the total fund of student tax money
($600,000). Groups with more than 3% at the ap-
propriation total are separated out at their
category.

 

 

 

 

   
    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
         
     
 
 
 
   

   
 
 

  
 
    

i Rdcreational
l0.7

 
  

   
    
 

 
   
 
 
 

  
 

EOPSA —— 3.0

SOME EXAMPLES. . .

Speaker‘s Forum — 4.9

      
   
  
  
  
   

    

Since it would be impossible to include all the budget information
available about Student Association. these graphs are, essentially.
summttrics.

it may be helpful to lookcloscly at the budgets ofa few groups. to beused
as examples in understanding the budget system:

  
   
 
  

University-wide
25.3

University Concert Board — 8.2

    
  
 

   

A small group: Undergraduate Political Science Club—$25.00

This group hits one "line" (a division of the budget mandated for a
particular purpose), SA Services line which permits them to use SA Services
such as Xcrox copying with the money in that line. in this case, it is $25. The
group has no income line. Thus. its budget and appropriation are both 525.
'i'hcir appropriation is four one-thousandths of one per cent ofthc total SA
gives out. 'I‘hcir budget is budget is two one-thousandths ofthe total ofull SA
groups, This club is classified in the charts as an academic club.

     
      
 
 
  
  

 
  
 
 
 
 
 

Othor Univ.-wido — 9.2

  
 

      
 

  
   

 

A medium sized group: Viewpoint—$7,050.00

This group puts together the freshman handbook. It has five lines in its
budget. totaling $7.050. $1.500 in advertising income is expected. so the
group hastt $l.500 income line. Thus thcuppropriation is $5,550. Line I hits
5 I00 in SA Services. Linc 2. $350 worth. is for various operatingcosts. Linc 3,
photography. covers the cost of photographs for the book. it is $450. Linc 4.
$6000. is the composition and printing expenses. Linc 5. Sl50. is provided
for advertising commissions on thc ads that are sold to mcct the $1.500
income iinc. The commission is IO per cent.

Thc Viewpoints appropriation represents about .94 pcr ccnt of the SA
total. The hudch is about .8 per ccnt of all SA groups.

     
       
   
     
     
       
     
     

 

   

 

   
   

A big group: University ('onccri Hoard—$92,000

LlCli expects to make about half of its budget by selling tickets its
tncontc ltnc ts $44,000. The other $48,000 is its SA appropriation. 'l'hcrc nrc
scvcn ltncs in its budget:

1— SA Sct‘vtc '$|.}00
2- (icrtt’t‘ul iznlcrtttinmcnt: $51,000; this is the money ptttd lor the
lilti\it.'ili glotlps “(‘0 books

i» i-t'cc Spring (‘onccrt Entertainment: H.000

4- “it”. i tthot'. iitpnpmcnl: $21000

     
   
 
 
  
  
 

  
 
  
   

       

 

   
   
     
     

 

    
   
   
   
  
   
   

   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  

   
   
   
   
  
   
  

 

intercollegiate Sports

 

 

5- Advcrttslng: $5.000; off-cuntpus. thc .IlSI’. posters
(1- izntcrtitinnicnt lixpcnscs: $3.000. Miscclluncous things (AAB)
7- ('onicrcttccs: $500; curuittrkctl tor the UCB Chairman. this is really it 23.6

kind of operating cxpcnsc g t 9
lltc llC‘li birdch is about [0 per cent oi the total SA btidgct. and its

appropriation about 8.] pcr ccttt of the SA llillitiolil lotul.

      
 

 

     
   
     
    
   
   
    
    

 

’I'ltit‘ t't'ttlt'l1iI/rltrtudt'posit/Ila by mlr/t't' rt't'ttrtls ofSA and [he work of!)de
Gainer. Jolt Lit/iryt'llc and Pan Dorset.

   

 

      
    

  
   

 

Novamaaﬂho. tare

 

PAGI 7A

     

  

