understood. and perhaps. the least
approachable. Nevertheless. he is
among the .most gifted. In terms of

craftsmanship. Dreyer‘s art, has
seldom been equalled. i personally
feel that he is on, par .withSergei
‘Iiisenstein. lndee. Eisenstein’s and
'Dreyer’s aesthetic framework were
Very similar. _ ‘
.ed by exact. expressive pictorial
_____________—
Edi/uric Nole: This is lhe (at! In the
series on Ihi- silent/ill".

 

style. artistic integrity. and.

Carl Dreyer‘s style is characteriz¥

ment concentrating on the

‘physiogramy and inner psychology

of his characters. Themes of love and
death occur in‘ all his work. And
although Dreyer's material may at
tiniesappear: medieval in tone. his
thematic essences never seem divorc-

‘ed lrom contemporary reality.

But reality for Ureyer was not
simply photographing objectivity.
Convinced that artistic intervention
and penetration was paramount

, toward the creation of great art.

Drcyer wrote. "Only artistic truth
has any validity . . . l'hc truth ex-
tracted lrom real life and purged of
all secondary aspects. What takes
place on the screen is not. and

“The Paaalori oi Joan oi Are."

. design.yediting.yand camera inove-  couldn't be._reality. Naturalism is no

’ rlonger art.” Like all. profound art. it
’ is a ‘ltcighteiied reality‘ which Dreyer
strives for. ' . _
Dreyer‘s ﬁrst film. The President
(I920). demonstrates his early love
for Uritlith; whilethe plot is made up
of llashbacks. it does preiigure some
of Dreyer‘s later mature handling of
authentic decor. Leaves from
Salon's Book (I92l) was modeled on
Intolerance; it was constructed from
four episodes concerned with the
recurrent prevalence of evil. 'Both
' him were meticulously crafted.
Dreyer‘s first work of real ac-.
complishment came in l924 with
Mikael. produced by U FA and Erich
l’ommer. eo<written by 'l'hea Von

 

Classical Forum:

Long belore modern technology
made it possible Ior mankind to lly.
the tltought oi llying occupied
people‘s minds. In (ircek mythology
ilic gods can move at Will tltrougii
the air. /.eus can assume the lornt ol
an eagle. Aphrodite rides on a goose.
Helios daily guides his chariot across
the sky. and llcrmes has Wings which
enable him to perform sWiltly his
duties as a messenger. l hen there are
Harpies. creatures hall woman and
hall bird. and Pegasus. the Winged
horse (Classical btirum. September
l7. I976).

But the most interesting story in-
volvtng lligltt is that ol Daedalus and
Icarus. Daedalus. so the story goes.
was an Athenian who was highly
' skilled in many craits; in fact his
name means ingenious. (Drier/til in
l:nghsb mciins l. .i'li‘i/[I'iil or artistic.
and 2. adorned with many things.)
Out ol jealousy. Daedalus killed his
nephew. who had been appreitticed
to him aitd had shown lttmsell even
more ingenious than his master.
lleciiusc ol the murder which he had
committed Daedalus had to go iitto
exile. a very common (recurrence in
(neck mythology.

Daedalus went to Crete iiitd serv-
ed King Minos. especially by design-
ing the Labyrinth tit winch the
Minotaur was cortiiiti-d. Some years
later Daedalus and his young son
Icarus desired to leave Crete. but
Minos relaxed to let them go.
Daedalus ingenioust devoted the
means at escape tor himselt and his
son. trom leathers and wax he

 

i

PAGE 6A

The Idea of Flying

ciirelully instrchlcd the boy to My
neither too low nor too high. the
story was itot. however. to have a
happy ending. Wlteii the two es-
capees were near the - ast ol Asia
Minor. Icarus ignored his lather‘s in-
structions andllcwtoo high. lhe sun
melted the wax in his Wings. and he
tell headlong into the sea now called
the It'al'illll Sen. Sorrowiully
Daedalus recovered tlte boy's body
limit the sea and buried it on the
island ol It'uria. Ilc then continued
his llight.eventuallyrcacbtngSicdy.
When Leonardo dii Vinci design-
ed a Ilying iitacltiiie it was itot at it”
unlike tltc wmgs which Daedalus
lashioncd lor bimsell iind Icarus.

Now for Something Different

My Iiliii ERIN lll'lAliN

Un l‘l'ldit)’. December .I. down
town Alumni Quad sponsored "Not

Just Another Coltechousc." lrom
9:00 p.m.-l:l)l) a.nt. iii llruhiicltcr's
basement. It Wits an amateur night
With entertainment citllcd lront
Aluntiti Quad. Mike lliiir sung aitd
played gunar. iiiiil lloh Mtiriid
played ptiino.

Ihrec Superman cartoons preced-
ed the musical entertainment. Ihcsc
classics were shown during the 40‘s
and 50's in movie theatres belore the
Superman l.V. show Was created.
Written by Jerome Sicgcl iuid Joe
Shuster itiid bearing titles such as
"Jungle Drums" and “ the Mummy

Harbou (Fritz Lang‘s wife). and
photographed by the famous Karl
l-‘reund. Mikael had all the elements
which three years later were to be
synthesized into one of the greatest
films ol all time.

During the years [927-28 there
appeared the linal experiments of
the silent period: bunuel's surrealist
masterpiece. Un Chien An-
ilaloii.Vcrtov‘s Man Willi a Movie
('oiiieru. the documentarytcxtbook.
and bisenstein's Ui'tht’I‘ and The
General Line. Also among these im-
pressive documents ol ctnematic art
was Ureyer‘s most celebrated work.
The Passion omem of Arc.

Although inspired by Joseph
Detteil‘s novel. the largest portions
01 the screenplay lor Juan were
taken lrom the aitthenic records ol
the trial. Drcyer compressed eigh—
teen months ol action into one day;
the style ol the iinished him is. in-

" deed.cxtr'e'mcly light.

In the lirst part ol the tilnt. movmg
camera shots and high and low

i

A portrait of Carl Theodore Dreyer.

angles are used extensively to iii-
iroducc the judges and dclinc the
tribunal hall. Once the trial begins.
Dreycr relics mostly on close-ups
and extreme close-ups to render the
action. I itc cutting is quick and neat-
ly organi/ed. I he screen is constant-
ly ilooded With stunning baroque
compositions: and tiicsc increase iii
intensity as the burning ut the stake
sequence continues. l'ilin historian
l'atil Rotlia described it: "l‘roni the
opening to the closing shot. it held.
swayed. staggered. overwhelmed
and tore at the spectator." Like an
Eisenstein ttlm. Joan demands the
cantor 47" "rotation of i the
audience from starttol'inish.' With
each successive Dreyer film. the dc-

“Lainerit for teams." by the English Victorian Herbert Draper.

Strikes". tltcse lilms are lit ntany
ways more imaginative than
modern-day l.V. cartoons.

Atty musical show that opens with
it guy wearing a shirt that says
"Waterbury “others” on tltc trout
and "Pass 5" on the biick has got to
be more than an ordinary gig. lltc
low iooitt lighting and lack l‘i il-
lumination on tltc singer iitiidc II dil-
ticiilt lot the audience to rivet its
attention on Mike lliirr. lhe opening
song. “I Wislinty l'cnis was leit i'cct
Long" jarred the audience out oi as
reverie. Ripples ol laughter erupted
its the sting went air to siiy”ciiu:. 'if it
was I'd be so strong . . . court if it
was liust might think I was King

Kong."

He went on to sing. "lunch night I
ask the stars above. why must I be a
lcciingcrinl.ovc . . . hislowcred
voice giving out a ltiitt til lzlvis
l'i'csley. Alter linisltiitg this sottg.
lliirr looked iii the audience aitd said.
"About 98% ol these old songs have
the slime chords. sir I wrote a song
about the campus bookstore to these
chords." "My llookstoi'e (iir1"turn-
ed i out to be not about a female
cashier Working iitilte bookstore but
about looking tit copies ol
l‘entliouse liltigiltlllc in the
bookstore.

Although Mike says lie pcrters
oil‘s nostalgia. his voice scents better

ALBan STUDENT PRESS

rnand for concentration increases.

The only llaw with this silent film
masterpiece. however. is in its use of
titles. They intrude. and break the
rhythm, emotion and mood of the
visual action. As visual material. the-
titles are in no Wily complementary
to the images: at tintcs. they negate
the impact til tltc dynamic visual
movement. the thirst tor sound was
truly wanting.

Despite this problem. however.
[he /'ll.\'.\lllll o/ .liimi til Arr IS a
masterpiece ol cinematic lorm: long
held close-ups. expi'cssionistic
angles. extended trackiitgsltots. and
‘piins.‘ure‘brotight togcthcrinto tiiii'ty‘
tltioiigh a rigorous use iil montage.
(in a number ol occasions the Iiliii
has been \otcd among tltc ten best
c\cr mudc. Jean Cocteau wrote that
“l’oli'IiiIiiIi imitated a documentary
illlti lht'c\\ us into contusion. ./i'(lllll('
ill-Irv sL'ctllS like an historical docu-
iiicitt Itoiit an cm in which cinema
didn't exist." lltc rclercnce to
l-isciislciii is important. since Drcycr
liiinscll olten stud lie was inlliicitccd
by tile Soyici artist.

[he I'IIMIIIH o/ .ll‘tlll it] dry sums
up the de\ clopiticitt (and
limitations) ol iltc silcnl Iiliii. lts
beauty lies itot only tit its structural
iibstinciion biil also Ili its insistence
on intlitidualiiy; iltc liliit belongs to
no school. nor does it exhibit any
commercial compromise. Drcycr
\irolc. "Abstraction might sound
like a bad word to the ears ol lilm-
iniikels. lliit my oitly desire is that it
brings to lilc the world ol the int-

beyond a sterile and

:igiitat ion
lll’L‘htllilL' natiiialism."

suited to the type ol songs ltc sang
later on iii the pcrlorntaiice. sticii us
the theme songs to "lhe llcverly
Hillbillies." “I'clticoiil Junction".
and "(irccn Acres.“

Alter liiirr‘s titloi'iiiiil. laid-back
perloi‘ntiincc. serious blues/pill
pianist Hob Murud lclt compelled to
start his out With "lillitlc to College."
In this song. Iic pliiycd it melody iittd
when ltc piiiiscd. sortie members ol
the iiiidiciice yelled. "College!" lhb‘
dlldlcllct.’ responded with riiiicoits
laughter.

The evenings are funded by the

 

Alumni Quad Board and Brubaeb-
er Hall

DECEMBER 10. 197B

Rotogravure

lly DAVID GOLDMAN

It has been two years since Ringo Starr‘s last
album oi new material. so this was one at the
more eagerly-awaited releases 01 the holiday
season. Rulogmvurt- is Ringo's debut lor
Atlantic Records as well as his first album
produced by Ant Mardin. ol lice Uces and
Rascals lame.

it contains many ol the same ingredients
tound on the past albums. such as guest artists
Eric Clapton. Harry Nilsson. Peter Frampton.
Melissa Manchester. Dr. John and the
breckcr Brothers. to name a lcw. lherc is also
a slick. prolcssional production and some
songs and guest appearances lrom the other
beatles.

However. the album it a bit dillerent from
its predecessors. there is a little less emphasis
on rock this time. and instead other types ol
music are leiiturcd. Country. reggacaitd Mex-
ican inllucnces contribute to the diversity ol
the material. Ringo also receives less help
lrom ltis Bciitlc colleagues than he has in the
past. Although they all wrote a song tor the

' album. oiin John and Paul appear. and hit

lust one track caclt.

Rologmi'iirt' opens With the single “A Dose
ol -Rock ‘l\' Roll." Icattiriiig some littc ltorn
work by the llrcckcr Brothers. lollowed by an
oldie. "llcy lliiliy." which sounds as it
:vcryoitc lit the studio is singing along Willi
Ringo. McCartney‘s “I'urc hold“ is next. a
nice pop ballad Iciiliiring l'aul aitd Linda on
backing vocals.

"Ci'yitt' " is il country-western original Willi
Sneaky l'cte on pedal steel. and side one ends
With "You Don't Know Me At All." it highly
orchestrated piece ol scltittalt/ that's enjoyable
il you don't take it seriously.

Side two is itot as good. although there are
ionic pleasant ltlttcs. .loliii Lennon's “Cookm'
(In the Kitchen (ll Love)" is a bouncy number
With Lennon on plillttl. iii'lC Claptoit‘s reggae-

By STEPHEN ALMASI

|.udwtg van llcethovcii (l77tl—lhll) set the
orchestral stage tor the rampage ol l‘)l|l-
century iniisic known as Romanticism. Ibis
era spanned the time ol llci'IioI. Schubert. and
Mendelssohn to that ol llrahnis. llrnckner.
iiltd Kichi-rd Strauss. lie is credited with lltc
Iiivcntiott ol our present-day conception ol the
symphony as a "(haunt iil orchestralsounds."
He broke the stranglehold which the rules
and patterns ol classical sonata torin bud
maintained on late Iiliii-century composers.
llccthovcii bciti the lorm iii order to lit the
content ol his music.
Classical-initsic lovers ol today pay tribute
In llcclliovcn's“iibililytocoitccive strikingaiid
bcaiitil til themes. to weave lliciti into air orch ~
lyiind consecutive texture ol musical thought.
to comprise variety and utiity Within the
homework til a single work. to preserve a lccl~
ing loi' stylc Ill all its manilold requirements; iii
stint. his ntiistcry at it criilt that has been tir-
tiliciully developed iit ilic course ol centuries
limit the abstract material ol ordered sound
(Urovc's Dictionary ol Mtisici."
Consider the mitii. lltroughoiit his liletiinc.
lleethoven was lorcctl to cater to the tastes ot
aristocratic piitroits ll‘tliil various countries. In
his intistc. liccthovcn employed ii soitiiiii struc-

 

wound to that ol ltiiyditand Mozart; hlﬁ

DECEMBER 10. 1976

s' \  , -
‘ ’ lrom a top sliell'.-albeit olten dil

to ava nl-giirde Vocalist to a crooning master of

 

inlluenced “'l'his Be Called a Song" is fine

_ musically (except for the fact that you can't
hear the steel drums too well) but awkward
and nearly incomprehensible lyrically. errge
Harrison's “I'll Still Love You" is another of
his moody..minor ballads in the genre ol‘
"While my Guitar Gently Weeps“. and while
it's okay. it‘s certainly noting new.

Also on s'idc two is a Mexican love song
“Las Hrisas". cowritten by Ringo. complete
with a mariachi band. l'hc record ends with
"Spooky Weirdness“. the only throwaway
here. consisting ol l:25 ol' Ringo and lriends
playing eerie organ must ‘ and making scary
ilOlSCS.

Althoiigb Ringo is not the world‘s greatest
anger (he recently described ltimsell as having
lltc vocal range 0 “it large lly“) he always
manages. tilting With his talcitted lrieiids. to
produce albums ol deltghtttil. aitd above all.
lun pop mtisic. Roiogmvim'. while itot his
best. is still a welcome addition to the
Christmas -ttntc biirrage ol album releases.

Let’s Stick
Together

ily I’AiJL RM’I’

Hrian i‘erry is an oddity. a unique ligure
who maintains his enigmatic aura while
lollowrng a rigid ideal ol musical simplicity.
emotional latalism and sophistication. lie
may be the best vocalist Ill pop music today;
tltcrc are low who can match him in vocal
range. control. diversity. and the ability to

 

Iz'tlilor'x Nola: 'I‘liiit' ar/ir'lt' originalli'appeared
in Cardinal I’oiiils. the .rlmlt-ni Ilt'll'.i‘[)(lpt‘l' of
SUC a! I’lultrburgli.

A Look at Beethoven

struggles and achievements occurred Within
this itteittal lriitncwoi'k.

At no poiiii iit his lile did Ileetltovcn cver
leel linancially secure. liVCli when lie managed
to lay some rcvcittic aside. Ite continued to
scriitip aitd save. lcadittg a Iilc ol poverty.

He maintained low standards ol personal
hygiene. Ilte apartments he continually
drilled bclwccii were a chaos ol disorder. It is
speculated that the cause ol his gradual loss oi
ltciii'iiig. perhaps even til his death. it its the
ellccls til sypltilhs.

In lllt'. he was something til it hiltll‘. Ills ill-
iiiudc innards society was demon. his
manners were ollcitstve. his humor childish.
Somehow the nobles ltc associated with took
to him. perhaps impressed by his force of
character.

He Wits stone deal the last eight years at his
life. llc communicated llirotigli"conversation
books" iii which lie would write questions and
his Visitors pcit their replies. it took it devoted
lriend to put tip Willi licetlioven's temper dur-
ing this Itiiiil period.

Not iill ol his best music is well-known. llie
Missii Solcinnis. his greatest choral peice. and
his middle and late string quartets are among
his most inspired iiitd personal creations. but
they are seldom heard by the general ptthlie.

times about love lost with a penchant for basic
direct rock and roll. As with pre-disco Bowie
or Joni Mitchell. he can be considered an artist
in a very pure sense as much as a nusician. '

“Let's Stick 'l'ogether" is split about fifty-
tilty between remakes of early Roxy Music
songs and other-people‘s writings. most of
which in into i-erry‘s obsession with the pains
oi broken allairs and the accompanying
struggle ior optimism. Scenarios ol dimly lit
cities or gloomy my street corners in a driul-
ing rain: upturned trcncltcoat collars and comi

panionshtp cigarettes. '

the nucleus oi the band bucking i‘crry on
the album consists ol English guitar ace Chris
Spcdding. rccdman Chris Mercer. and Roxy
regulars John Wetton on bliss and Paul
lhomspon on drums. l'hompson must be
singled out lor his consisiant rock-solid. un~
cluttered playing. which has always been a ma-
Aior menu to “ruin berry "sound".

ll songs need to be singled out. "Heart on
My Sleeve". Witlt its Latin leel and catchy sax
lines Would head the list. "2MB". it tribute to
llogart is rellective aitd almost pious.
“Rentiikc-chtodcl“. an old llriiish Roxy
Music cltart buster. is lull‘blown lunky and a
little decadent; catch the girls screaming the
license plate number oi l‘crry's dream woman
in the background.

An ad lor this album in a music magshowed
brtan berry looking very (iatsby-esque in a
white siiit under tltc headline. " l his man
knoWs What he‘s dotng. Do you?" l'ouchc.

Ily ALAN ALPER
l he album entitled Rex. by the new group
at the same name. appears to be your everyday

rock‘n roll album ol the 70‘s. They even sound .

stmiliar to the new rock bands which have
becotnc sticccssiui as til late such as
Aerosntith. Kiss. or lltiii l.i/./y. '1 hey attempt
to einitliiic the popular lorntula these bands
have proiitoted. yet lail because their int-
ntattirc style rellccts their low stage ol musical
dcvclopetncitt. Hits album docs itot go
anyivherc because the music is repetitious.
simple. and blatantly diill.

lhe lirst side opens Witlt a typical rocker in-
titled. "trouble". lhat is what this album IS.
ltciidiiig towards. its the group‘s basic iliree
cltord progressions. and standard rock tempo
to pound upoti ilte listener‘s psyche. lltc
vocalist. Rex Smith. lroitt witoni llte grotip

sounds similtar to the tint whit: proceed
and unless you listencloselyyou' a lycatt
tell the dill ‘renee. Every , _‘

the one which follows. withvery lit

the lack ofanyinnovativemusiéianship and): i 
album reﬂects its major ﬂow. The best cut on V
the album entitled. “I Can‘t Explain." is n ’

even their own. but by the Who's l'eter
'I'ownshend. Rex‘s rendition at this old
lavoritc is almost passable. lhe vocals are
good emulating I be Who‘s classy harmonies.
and the gunar work is choppy but powerful.
but. as in other cuts on the album. the group
drags the song out. ibis song is the high point
ol the album. because lor once the vocals are
iioi obscured by the background noisethat the
group tries to pass 0" as music. this high
poiitt is short lived. as lrom here on in the
album returns to the doldrums which have
prevailed throughout.
lltc use oi special cilects on the second side
is an attentpt by the group to cover up the lack
ol music that the album contains. 0n the cut.
"Rock iiitd Roll Dream". the use ol iin
applause truck mixed onto the ciid oi the song
is an attempt by the group to mild] their
aspirations ol achieving some recognition lor
ilic work they have ptit iiito tltc album. l'hc
ironic part ol this is that the canned applause is
probably all the recognition that they Will
receive Ior this albiim.(and deservedly so).
the album ends on the same itoic that it
begins on. exhibiting its lack oi progression. It
is not innovative. arid the same basic beat is
constantly reiterated throughout the album.
lltc nonexisiant musicianship cotttbined with
the senseless lyrics exemplitytltc mediocrity ol‘
the band. llicre is no dyiiumiccncrgy in their
music. which is characteristic iii a good rock
album. litstcad oi rock'n roll. this album can
be dclntcd as roek‘n stroll.

 

During the first stage of his
musical development llcethoven
wrote a number of cliantbcr pieces
and his First and Second
Symphonies. works iii tltc M()I.tll‘-
teait tradition.

lhe middle period begins with tile
“liroicu” (Symphony No. 3). ti piece
twice as loitg as any of its
predecessors and still considered Illi'
greatest sytttphonycvcr written. This
phase continues tltroitglt his middle
quartets. his lZighth Symphony. iiitd
his litter piano coitccrti. climuxing
wiilt Concerto No. 5. known as lltc
“Emperor”.

lhe fruits of llecthovcn‘s finiil
phase were the Missa Solcmnis.
composed simultaneously with the
Ninth ("Choral") Symphony. and
live string quartets. 'I‘hese were
llcethovcn‘s litsl works. which cort-
littiic the strain of musical thought
explored iii “the Ninth".

Spanning his creative career are the 32
sonatas lor solo piano. highlighted by the ear-
ly "Moonlight" (No. l4). iiitd ilie eitigntatic
"llainmerkliiVicr". one ol his last essays Iii tltc
loriti.

llis litter chamber music. aside from the
quartets. is also Worthy ol note. as is his one

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Edltor'a Note: Beethoven’s birthday Ia this coming

Thursday. December 18.

opera. "l'idclio." llicre are it number ol line
overtures: the "Corioliin". the "figment". and
the three“t.enorc"overlures. to name it lew.
tlceihoven also composed ii "Battle
Symphony“. knbwn its “Wellington's Victory.
or the Iluttle ol Vittoria". It is tltougltt oi as the
black sheep in his llock. but it‘s interesting.

PAGE 7A

 

 

 

