 
 
 
  

 

 

   

 

 

it‘y JEANNE sstswrrz

‘ The University community is be-
ing treated to an exceptional produc-
tion of Anton Chekhov's
tragicomedy of wasted lives. “Uncle
Vanya“ by the Lab Group directed
by James M. Symons. 'l'he group.
made up of selected senior theater
majors and graduate students. is
currently peri'ormingthe play as part
of a rotating repertory at 5U NYA's
Lab 'l'heater. I

Performing Chekhov putsanadd-
ed strain on the actor. for Chekhov‘s
concern is showing life as it is. and in
life there is no "action". only people.
'I'he Lab Group. as a successful
ensemble. does an outstanding job of
bringing the to the lost. ineffectual
characters. Individually and as a
group. they gracefully convey the
helplessness and hopelessness of life
inherent in Chekhov‘s work. with the
polished professionalism of the
finest college theater.
All the actors have an obvious
theater presence. a seasoned ability
to handle themselves onstage with
sophistication and control. Steve
‘ Vance beautifully portrays the
' bitter. lonely Vanya in a sensitive
and powerful performance. He is a
picture of underlying desperation.
culminating in the explosive
' shooting scene at the end of‘ Act ilI.
Vance actually becomes the
pathetically clumsy Vanya. who
loves in vain the beautiful Yelena.
He declaims the irony of his
motionless world. and slips in and

searching. penetrative. and
questioning. He is one of the group's
more graceful performers, able to
convey worlds of emotion with
either an outstretched arm or up-
lifted face.

Joyce Farra. as the young inno-
cent Sonia..has the enviable ability
to control an audience. She can in-
voke pain or sorrow on the audience
when she wants to. Ms. l-‘arra. too,
can embrace the whole of an emo-
tion in a single gesture or expression;
her performance is perhaps the most
touching in the play.

Randy-Barbara Kaplan
successfully encompasses the “im-
possible life" of the young. beautiful
Yelena. stifled in a marraige with a
sickly old man. Chris Paul is fine as
the aging pedantic scholar.
Serebriakov.

Carol Clas is appropriately mater-
nal as the gentle. loving Nyanya. Her
rhythmically~spoken lines bespeak
the properly-scheduled life she loves.
'I‘he quiet grandeur of' old age is per-
sonified by Dorothy Gallagher. who
regally defies her own youthf'ulness.

Although the inspired acting is the
play‘s mainstay. it has other merits
to recommend it. A medal should go
to set designer David Morong. who
made efficient use of the Lab
‘I'heater's limitations. The settings
are simple and yet intricate. Atten-
tionispaid to significant details. such
as a gracefully curved oil lamp. a
silver samovar. and a delicate lace
tablecloth. Period furniture is used

:  _      ov’slincle'Vanya
‘ A Little Bit  Russia

impeccably designed by Lynda
Salsbury. Adding to the llus‘sian
turn-of-tbe-century mood is soft
balalaika music in between acts. The
total effect would have won
Chekhov‘s approval: an atmosphere
of beauty. tenderness and realism.

It 'is indeed a joy to see a
masterwork such as “Uncle Vanya"
performed with such finesse. 'l'he
Lab Uroup certainly has a tremen-
dous amount of talent. their win-
ning performance will be repeated
on Wednesday and Friday at it pm.
in the Lab 'l‘heater.

    
    
    
     
   
   
   
   
   
      
      
     
    
   

‘ 2i

 

 

The maternal Nyenya, right. played by Carol Ctae and the Innocent.
young Sonia. played by Joyce Fem In “Uncle Vanya."

Saint Nick Visits Library

An exhibition based on Clement
Clarke Moore's poem. “A Visit from
St. Nicholas" ('l'he Night Before
Christmas), will be on display in the
library at The University at Albany
from Monday. Dec. 6 (St. Nicholas
Day) through Jan. 6 (l'welf'th
Night). The famous poem first
appeared in "The 'I'roy Sentinel" in
l823.

The public is invned to view the
exhibition which is based on the ex-
tensive collection of' Mrs. Sherman
l'ost Height. of Litchf'icld. Conn..
who has gathered the most impor-
tant items relating to the work.
originally composed as a Christmas
gift for the poet's children. Included
are items of local interest. materials

Claus. publishing history of' the
poem. and selections from the varied
formats in which the poem has been
issued.

Several individuals and
organizations have been involved in
the project for which the Office of
University Affairs supported
publication of the exhibition
catalog. It was compiled by Harriet
Dyer Adams. rare book librarian.
special collections. and Marion P.
Munzer. rare book librarian, spectal
collections and features a foreword
by Anne Lyon Haight whose collec-
tion has been exhibited at major
libraries and universities in the na-
tion including Pittsburgh. Colum-
bia. Yale. and Princeton.

tor of libraries. there are several
themes: biography of the poet. origin
of' the famous work. development of'
Saint Nicholas from a religious
figure to a secular Santa Claus of
joViality and fun. and publishing
history of the poeiti. illustration
styles. publishing changes. and area
contributions to the legend from
Renssclaer. I my. Albany. Saratoga.
and Washington counties.

Library hours on the main campus
are from Dec. c22. Mon.-lhurs.
7:30 a.m.-midntght; l‘t’l. 7:.lt)~op.m.:
Sat. ltl a.m.-b pm: Sun. l-‘)p.nt.;
Dec. 25. 7:.It) a.in.-op.m.; Dec 24-20.
closed: Dec. 27-30. It a.m.-t‘ip.m.‘.
Dec. .ll-JanJ. closed: and .lan..I-7,
7:.ltl a.m.-o pm. the exhibition is

 

   

   

 

ﬁwﬁo‘

 

.r.’ David E. Rollins
Star Date: _ 8 pm Saturday.
December 4, 1976.. .
,'onard’ Nimoy is
I a in resting when he's not
talkinglabo'ut Star Trek than when
he is.‘I’erhaps by now Star Trek is an
inherently uninteresting topic.
Leonard '
television for movies. and on the
stage. He" has dir_ected. and
narrated.. He doesn't smoke mari-
juana. He talks to colleges and gives
interviews. He even sings arid at one
time wrote his own-songs. And
there‘s more.  '
He'ls iii-photographer and. more

   

 

    

recently. a poet. He has combined
the two in some of his poetry hooks.
Writing poetry was very difficult for
him at first. As an actor. he could
hide behind the role he was playing.
In a poem. you have no one to stand
hchitid but yourself. l’oetry. to
Nimoy. is a "series of personal
statements."

Nimoy has acted on

tor. it‘s far better to be an actor you
are interested in than to be one
nobody cares about. i find it in-
teresting."

Now he is in constant
demand...but he gets stereotyped.
but his commitment to acting is
greater than his commitment to Star

 Trek. His current series. In Search
;.Uj‘;...,is now in syndication around
‘the 'country. “I have done some
research on my own independently
of the show; I'm very familiar with
the subject matter. If'they‘re doinga
subject that l‘m not familiar with
then I get involved with them and
study through ’and ask questions."

to oman

Leonard Nimoy speaking to an SRO crowd at Puget-tell last Saturday.

When asked whether he would
like to direct. he replied. “I've done a
little bit. It‘s the kind of work that
really takes it total commitment of
time. You reallyjusf have to stop a
lot of things and say ‘1 won‘t do this.
this. or this anymore because l'm go-
ing to direct‘ and I'm not quite ready
to say i won‘t do this. this or this."

though it's proceeding slowly. “The

best was for me to describe the-situa- « _
tion I think we're in.”Ninioy explain- ‘

ed. “is that we are to television what
the Beatles were to music. We have
that same sense of relationship

between our work and us and the." '

audience; ~ '

'I'here‘s this constant pressure
about the .regrouping. the bringing
back together again fora recreation
of the- thing that happened. you
know. From where I sit it's} very
flattering. but at the same time very
frightening. Take the Beatles. f'orex-
ample. The concept is ‘Please guys.
get back together and do that.
brilliant thing once more for us. Give
us one more brilliant album.‘ Ii‘inke
saying to any artist. ‘(iive us one
piece of work and make it brilliant. as
brilliant as i think you‘ll end up
because that‘s the way we‘ll
remember you.‘

“'l'hat‘s a frightening position to be
in. I don‘t think creativity can be
designed on schedule. I hope the
movre works otit. but I hope itworks
out properly so that it isn‘tjtist a rip-
off movie just to make some money.
and I think Paramount‘s intentions
are good. i think they‘re hiring some
very talented people. (icne
Rodenberry is very heavily involved
which means he will share his input
in terms of style and content and so

“I think the concept that they‘re
working with is not simply to do an
enlarged Star Trek episode. which I
think is a very healthy attitude.
'l'hcy‘vc got to do it very special
movte that tests thccore oi Star'l‘rek
in some way. At least they‘re trying
to do that. and I think the effort is
heading in the right direction.“

Nimoy. responding to a WSUA
question regarding whether he was
the one Iiolding uptlie works. replied
somewhat cynically. “If the studio
likes the script they‘ll shoot it picture
without asking my permission."
According to him. I’aramount hits
already hired a director. two
producers. and two writers; all they
need for a final go-ahead is it
screenplay.

 

  
 
 
 
     
   
 

 
     
     
 
 
 
 

 

I

 
  

 
 
 

   

 
 
   
 
 

   
    

1"

../I- .

Leonard Nimoy. tell. as Mr. Spock, and William Shatner ae Capt. Kirk .

who plays (.‘apt. Kirk. During the
lecture he kidded around about
various stars doing the roles they
have established. Some of them were
far fetched. such as the idea of Hip
Wilson playing Lt. Uhurti.

tiui Leonard Nimoy's more titan
caught up in the Star 'I'rek wave lie
helped create it. He is. above all else.
an excellent actor. In reference to
how he first approached the role of
Spock. he answered “'llterc were
only certain cities that I could begin
wait to help build the character.
Ihcre was obvtousiy. designing the
eyebrows. the skin tone. the hair. the
cars. and so forth. Also. we know
that he was a military character so
there was some sense of a military
background. there is a certain kind
of military tradition posture.
whatever. i he FirstOIlicer. Second-
In—L'ontmand-Of—‘l'hc-Ship kind of
attitude. so there's some ktiid of
preparedness for thtit.

The psychological design of the
character is fairly clear. The guy has
an internal conflict about the fact
that he's hull-Vulcan. half-human

suppression of emotion. Those are
the clues. essentially. that we started
With.

the only thing that was totally
vague was how does one perform as
ti being from atiothcr planet‘.’ How
does one function“! And that‘s
something that comes out of some
mystical personal chemistry. it's ll
combination of people that you‘ve
seen that you think might be useful
as role models or perhaps figures in
other films that you‘ve seen and
might be useful. llicactor‘sjobis to
butld a character from little bits and
pieces."

Leonard Nimoy has rculiled
something that science fiction fans
have known for much longer: l’oex-
press onc's inner self iii writing
doesn‘t expose one to hurt. it opens
up new dimensions to any
relationship between you and the
reader. in a way that very few actors
have been able to. Nimoy has given
more titan his Interpretation of a
character to the world. and the world
is a better place for it. I will end with
the words from his closing poem

 

_ --.‘.—-.—c..

 

 
 
   

     
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ut l ‘u' idalm ods. ihrou hout. lending authentic ‘ . _ ._ . ' _ _ I '
o ASAztiiv, the :ard—drinking doc- appcatg, on Moore and his f'amily.the sources the inspiration for using Moore's located III the Red Carpet Lounge of Ab belng the object of a cult With the growing demandfor btar I ‘ I “
tor who tries to save the vanishing 'l'lie authenticity ofthe production for the poem. cultural transl‘orma- poem for the holiday exhibition tliclihmi'y,Arl’tlttgcinetitsliir in“... ‘h‘mgh‘ h“ "‘f‘“ ' “"d “ '"' lrck ﬂnd Slat I’M/f WWW! Only one "Cu." hilt Signed.“ 000- and '5 frylns‘lo function as pure from his book Ynu‘rmd l. I am an
' wilderness. Paul Higgins is is enhanced by realistic costuming. ltion from St. Nicholas to Santa cainetrom C.JamcsSchmidt.dircc- may he made by calling 457-hblt). wwmng' "YD" re gomgm munuc' malcr'ms‘ “ "my": '5 bang "‘"dc‘ "“Cl‘ and "ms W'Hmm 5mm" Vumm' Iher”“n'mcrm‘ldcmﬂl‘” '"curublc romant'c' ‘
r " ~ it “v
clip duct and tin “'lttlblg ome, A cal-gap m “w-
l l
W" "Mm M" W Wlllllllll law SGIIIIOI.
O
      J What can you do with only a bachelor's degree?
. . . . ' Now there is a way to bridge the gap between an
is the Best Night Is the Wurst nght undergraduate education and a challenging. respon-
Ior our when we offer our 0 stbte career. The Lawyer's Assistant is able to do
 0 work fradltionaily done by lawyers.
 Three months of Intensive training can give you
  . the skills—the courses are taught by lawyers. You
  choose onahclilhthe save? coursfs offered—choose
the city In w c on wan to war .
 M m u 9 ° ' .Smears-airings:is:.::::sa.ncs:
wurst, our amous erman as f V
 T35"). tibia/65:23:: PM“) ‘3'“! “Wm”! de'i' bankerI and corporations in over 75 cities.
glass of wine “0‘” Salad‘and mil” If no are a senior of high academic standing and
' are nteresfed In a career as a Lawyer's Assistant.
$ . we'd like to meet you.
$  few dgméuxggﬁgggéa ﬁg;%é“££§g€g€mmon   Contact your placement office ‘Ilor an Interview with
with ssco~os "'4 All VOU CAN EA" only a. handful of change. toll calls you dial yourself. our represenfa ve.
on me noussi Quart and a hall pitchers Youcancall Mom, Dad. or- without. operabor assistance     We will visit your campus on
of imported and dorpes- r-tch Uncle Richie from 11PM to (they do not. apply to calls from h a, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 9
“C beer 3' SPGCW Prlces- 8AM anywhere tnNew York coin phones). "at" M. M men 5". M
scabs for 320 or less for the first. Rates on O'UtrOf-Stﬂw .
minute. Each additional minute calls are also a. bargain. Ihcre: l era-9 I... Nearby-Semis]
Mastercharge / American Express costs only ale 0}! legs. 30 whenyou can home for I The Institute .0!” g
The ebert'fﬂo‘ we a so can : ,
B H  a Mighty cash. Bpendlese. y ' B k C “es and Cmd Paralegal Training 
HO RI Cards, Magazines, Stuffed Animals. Plants, 00 s, osme y m 80mm sumérmggmu"mymmmm ; .
. _' C K  ‘_ ,  Chokerms‘too Rings-$3.00 8L up Operated by Pare-Legal. Inc. 
L," , ' V‘ Bracelets-$6.00 mmngs'ss'm) 
Route 20 at French’s Mill Road, Gullderland J 
For reservations: SSS-ms r 
M. PAGE FIFTEEN 
PAGE FOURTEEN ALBANY STUDENT PRESS DECEMBER 7, 1976 DECEMBER 7, 1978 BANY STUDENT PRESS . 
%

 

