    
   
   
  
   
      

  

.. Axxv..—,».\A,~.A.A. , ...

Mg yea-or M, awn-fumqw my...“ .

 

 

 

   
   
  
  
 
   
  
    
   
    
  
     
  
    
       
   
    
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
   
 
    
  
  
 
    

a N,» "Ra’s/“o..-” c -...........‘_.... ._ ,._..

Maw. _ mar-mm. 1,.

,s. Amy

.. “Cf—AM...

.W .... wily—g... ..

'2‘... gnu—mu... we; “a... . ﬂ ..

" “st-“aﬂ’ﬁmi’zrxiuﬁSta...tk..rm.m%ﬁ.m

  
 

 

 Carteralio
, .. W'oftbed'm '-.' ‘
by the‘ amt Amman: 0mg: 2' "5 srotmrr troops

warns. Although the'report pic

was directed to Congress. rts con-
clusiona carry significant im-
plications for President-elect Jimmy

' »~,Irnrrot«| mitotic! _
‘Among, other things. the GAO

report says there are limits to man- .

power cost reductions that can be
achieved by improving efﬁciency-in
the use of defense personnel. “larger
reductions can only be achieved by
policy changes affecting strength
and pay levels." it said.

During his successful campaign
for the presidency, Caner pledged to

,5 g ‘
g _ _ . _; efficiency. and
changtn some personnel policies.
‘ fora withdrawal

from _ orea over a' four-to-
ﬁve-year period. bathe did not ad-
vocate reducingt size of the Army.
He has said nothing about cutting
the pay of the Defense Department's
2._I million'military personnel and
one million civilian employees;
In the report sent to Congress
after the Nov. 2 election. the GAO
caution that “changing national
military policies or lowering pay
levels would be controversial and
should not be undenaken without
careful study.” '

GAO analysts noted that per-
sonnel costs have absorbed an in-

 

    

resources since I964 and now eat up
well over half the defense budget.
“Meanwhile. costs of Weapons have
. rapidly risen. causing serious con-
cernthat the country may not be able
to afford enough of the weapons
needed for its defense." the report
said. “If the budget is to be restrain-
ed. teh Congress will be confronted
with hard choices in allocating funds
between 'manpower and weapons
systems.“
‘ Personnel Costs

The report cited ﬁgures showing
that payroll and other personnel
costs account for about 53 per cent
.of the $99.6 billion projected for
defense spending this year. A dozen
years ago. personnel costs absorbed
about 44'percent ofa defense budget

' that was half as big.

Billions Stolen From Medicaid

‘WASHINGTON (AP) Congress is

being urged to consider severe jail
terms for doctors.druggists and nur-
sing home operators found guilty of
taking part in the estimated billions
of dollars in Medicaid fraud.

A New York State
prosecuter told A Senate
investigating committee Wednesday
that his ofﬁce uncovered evidence
that nursing home operators were
padding bills under the federal‘state
Medicaid program to pay for per-
sonal luxuries. Charles Hynes. New
York state special prosecutor for

nursing homes. said his ofﬁce found
that nursing home operators treated
themselves to mink coats. stereo
equipment and paintings by such
masters as Matisse and Renoir.
claiming in bills to Medicaid that
these were all legitimate business ex-
penses.

It has been estimated that abuse
and fraud in Medicaid. a federal-
state program for the poor. and
Medicare. which aids the elderly.
cost taxpayers $3 billion to $4 billion
a year. Despite those figures, said
Hynes and Samuel K. Skinner. U.S.

 

capes

BUY OUT OF A
F AM DU 5 FURRIER

Brand new & next to new coats.
Racoons. Muskrats, Foxes, Moutom, Seals

$5 to $200

The Yankee Peddler
269 Osborn Road
Londonville, N.Y.

Dally 10-9. Sat. 10-6. Sun. 12-6

& jackets

attorney for Northern Illinois. vir-
tually no health service offenders are
ever sent to jail.

Skinner blamed the federal
governmcr. in large part because the
health insurance programs. which
together cost about $40 billion a
year. were launched with no tests or
pilot projects. Skinner also warned
that “it would be suicidal to goahead
with national health insurance."
which could cost up to $80 billion a
year. until state and federal ofﬁcials
show they can rid Medicaid and
Medicare of fraud. Hynes said that
“there still exists a climate in this
country where the exploitation of
old people isla respectable and risk-

. Jl r
free professron.“l

Fallout ls Feared
From China Blast

WASHINGTON (AP) American of-
ficials are checking for any failout
from China's latest nuclear test ex-
plosion. the largest in China's l2-
year history as a nuclear power. U.S.
ofﬁcials expressed hope that the
above-ground explosion on
Wednesday would not cause hazar-
dous radiation levels in the United
States.

 

 

LAST D

K
\
PIZZERIA

0pcn7d

 

809 Madison Ave. Albany N
"OI’EN 24 HOURS"

 

CO U PON
for__1_916
 Mama N ino's

79f Madison Ave.. Albany NY

FOR ON-PREMISE EATING 462-2222

\\FOIt PICK-UP 0R DELIVERY SERVICE
\ a) This ml gnarl for 50¢ discount
6;\\ .569 on apart-lime (Ila/it-plzzupfc.

‘4'. \
°¢v \

ISCOUNT

_..___________‘

- RESTAURANT

ays. 4 pm. — 2 u.m.

 

v
\ ONECOUI’ON
\ ran PERSON

The blast was 20 times larger than
the last Chinese test explosion in
September. But the Environmental
Protection Agency EPA reported
that with favorable weather con-
ditions the fallout here from the blast
may not exceed the low and harmless
amounts of radiation caused by the
September test. However. the levels
could be increased. for example. by
heavy rains when the radioactive
cloud from the explosion passes over
the United States. the EPA said.
ERDA said the explosion had it
force of four megatons. or 4 million
tons of TNT. The September blast
measured 200.000 tons.

Meanwhile. Japan's Kyodo News
Service and the Japanese newspaper
Asrrhi reported from Peking that
Western militarysourccs say that the
latest test may signal completion by
the Chinese of a strategic nuclear
warhead for missiles.

The Chinese nuclear explosion itt
September resulted in a sprinkling of
low-level radiation in the United

 

 

 

 

 

creasing share of theiPentagon's 

 
  
  
 
 

Jordanian Troops Crush “Black June" Siege
AMMAN. .lordan (AP) King Hussein's shock troops crushed a four-hour
siege by gunmen Wednesday in Amman's Intercontinental Hotel that took
seven lives. a Jordanian spokesman said. Three terrorists. two hotel
employees and two soldiers were killed in the siege. the spokesman said. the
fourth gunman and four other persons were wounded. One of the wounded

' was identiﬁed as an American of Jordanian extraction. The spokesman said

the gunmen identiﬁed themselves as members of a Palestinian grotrp cnucd
“Black June." The group was formed to protest the Syrian invasion of
Lebanon last June. Its members staged a similar attack on a Damascus hotel
in September in which five persons died and three surviving gunmen were
executed. '

Disparity Arlses Over Prlestly Cellbaey
AMSTERDAM. The Netherlands (AP) The long dispute between thc
Vatican and Dutch Roman Catholic bishops over priestly celibacy is flaring
up again because of 25 married priests teaching at four of the ﬁve theological
colleges in The Netherlands. The Vatican called for the dismissal of tlrc
married priests in a letter last month to the new Dutch primate. Jun Cardinal
Willebrands. and the other six Dutch bishops. The letter said the Dutch
church is the only Roman Catholic church in the world that openly spurns
the celibacy rule. it warned that if the married priests were not dismissed.
degrees awarded by the colleges to seminarians would not be recognized by
the Vatican.

Lebanese Christians Send Emissary to U.S.
BEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) Lebanon‘s Christian warlords announccd
Wednesday they are sending an emissary to explain their position to U.S.
President-elect Jimmy Carter. Ajoint statement said Charles Malik. former
Lebanese ambassador tothe United Nations and nowa philosophy professor
at the American University of Beirut. would leave next week for the Unircd
States. Malik will explain the Christian standpoint toward the l9-mtilllll-trld
civil war. the Arab League intervention that has ended the fighting lll lien or
and the Palestinian guerrilla presence in Lebanon. the statement said. lln-
move reflects the Christians' uneasiness over the occupation of thctr XUU~
square-mile enclave northeast of Beirut by Syrian troops acting in the gtliw
of Arab League pence-keeping forces.

Open Dissidence Breaks Out In E. Germany

BERLIN ('AP) Open dissidence has broken out in Communist rst (ict Iruru)
at a level not seen since the tumult of the l9505. For the first time L‘\t'|. .1
group of Eavtticrmrtn intellectuals has formally called on the govcrnrnt-nr to
reverse a hardlinc position in expelling popular bulludecr Woll liicttnnnn
and revoking his East German citizenship. The satirical ballads of llicrrnrinn.
an avowed if unorthodox Communist. have long irked East (icrmun Icrrdctx.
Some Western observers speculated the East German illlilltirlllcs ncrc
launching a new wave of rcpres'sionaguinst individual expression,

 

Soviet Bomb Scare Causes Pavilion To Close
MOSCOW (AP) A bomb threat reported by Soviet officials chncxdnt
forced the evacuation of about |.000 Russians from the US. liiccntcnnrnl
exhibition in Moscow‘s Sokolniki Park and effectively closed it for the din
U.S. officials were angered by the incident. No bomb was found in the hogt-
pavilion housing the exhibit. which includes American photograper coprc~
of historical documents and film showings. Since it opened last truck. the
exhibit has attracted throngs of intensely Soviets. It was nearly four houn
before a Soviet bomb squad arrived at the evacuated pavilion. its wmrrl
thousand Russians hoping to see the exhibition waited in line outside If] near-
freeting weather.

UAW Prepare Strike In Dispute at Key Issues

DETROIT (AP) Some 390.000hourly workers in 2| states prepared to \lllht'
auto giant General Motors at midnight Thursday as burgrrirrcrs uortctf to
iron out disputes on several key issues that threatened to block hclllL'titcttl on
a three-year contract. “There has been some positive action ltcrc illltl tllt't't'.
but-we still don't have some of the big things resolved." said it sorrrcc it uh 1hr
Untied Auto Workers. The source would not identify the issues still III
dISPUte. but said some were in the area ofthc industry pattern cslrtltlrxltr'll :1
month ago at Ford Motor Co. after a 28—day strike. 'l‘ltur [ittllcrn rm
{1000de by Chrysler. “We‘re not out oftirnc. btrl we‘re in the crrrcrnl pct rod."

c srtt .

Lefkowltz Investigates Underworld Tles

ALBANY. N-V- (AP) A top aide was placed on a leave of illihcttt't‘ urllmul
Pay by state Atty. Gen. Louis chkowitr. Thursday us the chltll of all
Investigation into the rtide's alleged ties to underworld figures. 1 t'L' Itorr-Ilrl
Miller. 3|. cxcctrtivc assistant to Lefkowitz since l974. said he run tttt.|\\.tlt'
0‘ “"3 anc-‘illflltllun reported by the AlbanyTimes-Union and hillti Iltlt hurt“
httd been filed against him. chkowitl, said that humid Maxwell \|'|'t””
"0“le head of the stale Organized Crime 'l'nsk Force. decidcd to lL'iCl tlrr
case to tire Manhattan districtattorney‘s office. but declined to dist'trssdclntls
of the mrtttcr. The other agencies involved also refused to tlrscrm If

 

FOR 0N PREMISE EATING FM ORDER States. The greatest fttllout was irt
m" PICKUP 0R DELIVERY SERVICE \ the'Eﬂst' when signiﬁcant mm of Trial investigates Bribery At South Mall
“5422’ \\ rudlf'tion turned up in cows' milk. M‘liANY'ny'iAl’M-C. O‘lluru. former commissionerofthcrtrnrctlllICU
H ‘ \\ mmwmﬂyInvennsylvuniwuunhc of (rc‘ncral Servrecs. sttys ltc testified last Friday before the slim" “I”
 ioi‘r‘il’fﬁb'irir'i'if’rf‘f'o‘i'rilfﬁmorma". \ radioactivity never reached levels Invm'g‘mng "11°30" bribery “"d inn‘wncc peddli'm "1 (he Alhmly sum“
L--'______.-;;_~___—;_"_‘~______‘ considered hazardous m humum' Mull. O’llrtru. who had charge of mrrltconstructiou us co"“"“”""'°" “"d
omcmuuld. luesdtty he made it brief. voluntary appearance before the plillt'l In
Manhattan. rtnd expected to be called again next Week.
PAGE TW
0 ALBANY are!)an PRESS NOVEMBER 19. 1976

 

 

 

 

'bfﬁteyen iii-chm ,
"About 72 per cent 0f~State Quad

  
   

returnable bottle Vending machines.
according tort survey '
NYPIRG committee Nov. 8-12. .

“The purpose of the survey“. Said
NYI’I RG Chairperson Kevin
Kovacs. “was to try to guage student
views on the project ofinstitutingthe
vending machines.“

According to NYPIRG Vice

I Chairperson Marsha Seidelrnan. the

committee. which was headed by
Melodic Sesta. contacted 14! State
Quad students over the phone.
Seidelmttn said that this figure
represented aigood percentage of

students are in favor of campus¥wide I

. abya'

students. 
'- 'Kovacs said that if the project is
instituted campus-wide: 'the next

video would be county-wide. and

L rm a

. , even
But. Kovacs said. before the pro-
ject‘ could be instituted campus-

'wide. it had to be approved'by the

UAS Board of Directors on Nov. 29.
Several Problems

According to Kovucs. General
Manager of UAS Norbert Zuhm was
originally in favor of the campus-
wide project. but cited several
problems that should be overcome:
the maintenance and storage of
bottles. and their cost.

“NYPIRG plans on tacklingthese

7:. .Hr‘n'r‘tnrt'n'rtnirse

University Police officials maintain that officers authorized to carry
guns can react to violent crime more effectively.

problems." said Kovacs.

Kovacs also said that State Quad
had a 75 to 80 percent bottle return
rate which he felt was a good percen-
rage.

Other Quads

When asked why other quads were
not surveyed Kovacs said. “there is a
possibility that they will be inter-
viewed in the future."

According to Scidclmurt. asimilrrr
survey was taken last semester.

Seidelman said that the students
were in favor ofthc project being in-
stituted campus-wide if the price of
soda remained the same. “But”. she
added. “many students thought that
it was a hassleto rettrrnthe bottles.“

by Florle Shertzer

Last Friday a meeting of SUNY
officials and students was held to dis-
cuss tltc possibility of bavingcampus
security officers carry guns. James
Williams. llcrtd ofthc Public Safety
Department on campus. (ircg
Lcssnc. Chairperson of Central
Council. Steve [)iMco. SA Presi-
dent. and several members of Ceri-
trrtl Council were present.

According to Willirtrm. the re-
quest for the review of the current
Unitcr'sity policy concerning
firearms was prompted by several rc-
cettt incidents on campus. One of
these incidents concerned a faculty
member who was threatened by
someone with a gun. Williams said.

The total numer of officers
authorircd to use firearms is l2 out
of tire staff of 42. However. “the
effective number of people on duty
who cart carry guns is only about 0-2
for each shift.“ said Williams.

Directories to Appear Directly

by Michael (idles

SUNYA's telephone directories
lutvc been delivered on campus and
are expected to be in student hands
within the next few days.

A series of minor problems was
the reason for the delay in distribu-
tion. according to Assistant Vice
President for University Affairs
Sorcll Chesin.

'l he directory. which lists tltc
telephone numbers and addresses
for students. faculty and ad-
ministrritors. is sponsored each year
by the Alumni Association. (‘hesin
has stressed that the directories are
rtol actually lute. stating. “They
usually come out around this time of
year."

The information lor‘ the directory
is rtrn through the SUNYA corri—
putcr. corrrllutcd. and then sent to

the publisher. Chesin said that this
would preferably be done in August
of each year. but it was necessary to
wait until September 20 this year
because accurate information con-
cerning students‘ addresses and
telephone numbers was not available
until then.

Some information in the directory
may still not be up-to-drrte. “A lot of
people will cornplnin about intre-
ctrr'ucics." Chesin said. This is
because rnrtny students did not
decide where they would be living
until the academic year actually
started.

Further delays occurred at the
publishing company which prints
the directory. National Advertising
and Publishing Corp. based in
Virginia. Mechanical problems with
the presses were one cause and

Rat Lights Short-Circuited

by K9!“ Lit-her

Short circuits ol the Rttthskcllcr
lighting system have caused acciden-
rrtl light shows effects over lltc lust
Icw week».

From time to time people at the
ltrtthshcllcr have been witnessing a
flickering of the overhead lights.
'l'hrs “stroboscopic” benefit of the
lighting system is “the result of a
short circuit in the wiring", accor-
ding to Rnthskellcr employee Julian
Rather. "We've tried several times to

NOVEMBER 19, 1976

discover the exact source ofthc trott-
hlc. btrt so for hrtvc not been
successful". he added.

Michelle ()scl'l'. a student patron.
suid the flickering lights rtre “rt pain
in the ass“. l’ctcr' (iour‘dino “hadn't
even noticed it." Linda Goodman
said “the first time it happened I
thought it was closing time and they
were trying to clear the place." Other
students called the effect similar to
disco and this reporter found it cit-
joyahle.

another was that the publisher
wanted to wait a few days until more
advertising for rltc directory could be
obtained. The company makes most
of its money on the directory from
advertising.

8.000 copies of it are prirtted free
rtnd a small fee is charged for each
additional 1,000copics if the univer-
sity wants tltcm.

The directories were shipped from
the publisher at least a Week ago. ac-
cording to Chesin. They had been
delayed in transit by the United
Parcel Service strike.

 
 

 
    
  
     
 
  
 
   
 

leech

Problems wrttt returnable bottles have stalled disappearance at
bottle-dispensing soda machines on the goods.

Firearm Controversy Continues

"This". continued Williams. “makes
it difficult for us to respond to
violent crimes on campus quickly."
Although some ofﬁcers have been
carrying guns for Ill/1 years without
any mishaps all those present at the
meeting were concerned about an in-
crease in the chrrncc of mishaps.
However. the purpose of this
ntcctirrg was to discuss the pros and

cons of additional campus carrying
firearms. President Fields has the
final say on this matter. and even if
the law is revised. according to
Williams. Public Safety will need
time to train officers and purchase
guns. Williams said if President
Fields did revise the University law.
“there is no way it could go into
effect immediately."

SUNYA Police Cars Stop

Downtown

Alumni Quad and its distance
from the uptown campus continues
to create special problems for
SUN YA University Police. Accor-
ding to the Department of Public
Snfcty‘s October activity report.
“routine car patrol of the area had
been eliminated entirely.“

Despite what the report calls
“property damage. harassment. and
general rowdyism from juveniles."
police maintain a lack of personnel
and jurisdictional problems limit
their ability to protect the downtown
quad.
(.‘hlldrcn Unattended

Also in the report is it general dis-
cussion ol‘juvcnilc problems on cant-
pus. The} department reports
“parents allow their 12 year-old
children to wander unattended
about the Podium ltttc rtt night."
More than 300 juveniles have been
dealt with by University Police so far
this year,

The report. in the form of a
memorandum to Vice President for
Business urrd Finance .lohn Har—
tigan. only briefly mentions tltc

Quad Patrols

ongoing controversy over guns on
campus. The matter is now being
considered by the Senate‘s Universi-
ty'Comtittinity Ciiuncil.

Mentioned in the report is the
"abiding problem" of patrol
vehicles. The three I974 Matadors
now being used each have in excess
of ltiti.000 miles. The Department
points out that while most sedans
can weather that mileage. patrolcars
cannot due to their constant use.
Replacement vehicles are expected
by the department by February.

'l'otal offenses on the SUNYA
campus declined by I2 per cent. as
compared to the same month last
year. Five of the arrests in October
were for driving while intoxicated:
nonc ol'tltosc arrested were students.

University Police are still awaiting
installation of it tclctypc that would
connect the campus with the New
York State Police Informrttion
Network. SUNYA already main—
tains a Department of Motor
Vehicles computer terminal that ser-
vices all 27 SUNY campus police
departments.

 

The cause of the erratle blinking fights In the ttsthstrellsr has been traced to a short circuit.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

 
 
   
  
  

  
  
   
   
  
   
     
   
     
  
  
     

 

