firth

 

ed to reporters grit-cred on the lawn
 Carter left he turned back to
Ford and said: “God bless you. sir."
election itself have rescind aeonclu-
slots that leaves the nation uniﬁed}?
Carter said. “There could *notibave
been a better demonstration . of
friendship‘and unity and goodwill
than shown me by President Ford.”
lie added.

Ford said that in his judgement
the transition is working smoothly
and emphasized ,that he will
cooperate completely.

Caner said he feels the gracious
manner in which Ford and his ad-

ty oft _ ﬁtment and of United
states foreign policy. . -

DuringthlermeetingCarterasked
the President whether another
eeonotnlisumr’nitconfereneesuchas
the onshsld in Russia Rico lastJune
might beuseful and Ford replied.“lt
might be desirable". '

Seated in chairs next to a
fireplace, the two men talked‘about a
possible meeting of the North Atlan-
tic Treaty Organization and also dis-
cttssed the possibility of a meeting
with the chiefs of state of a number
of foreign nations.

Carter said another economic
summit “would give me a chance to
meet foreign leaders.” It was not
clear when such a meeting might
take place but there were no- in-
dications it would occur before

  

‘ the White House Rose Garden.asite

 

; Pre‘ident and»’Mrs.¥For were

t the diplomatic entrance ,

on the south grounds of the White
House as the Carters drove up.
Carter kissed Betty Ford’and shook

hands with the President. Mrs. Ford ’

ushered the wife of the President-
elect into the White House for tea
and a tour of the family quarters and
some state rooms. The President es-
carted Caner down the path through

   

Carter mentioned dozens of times
during the campaign when he ac-
cused Ford of “hiding out in the
Rose Garden”. and failing to cam-
paign. '
First Meeting

Once in the Oval Ofﬁce. both men
spoke quietly while photographers
and television cameramenworked iii
a circle around them. The meeting
was the first between the two men
since they met in Williamsburg. Va..
Oct. 22. a month ago in the third and
ﬁnal presidential election debate.

Beame Vows To Repay Investors

NEW YORK (AP) Mayor
Abraham Beams has “absolutely”
ruled out new taxes and more
massive layoffs in the face of the
city's new ﬁscal crisis —- caused by a
court decision that the city can't
postpone paying off SI billion in
ads.

The mayor also said at a Sunday
news conference sandwiched
between crisis meetings with city.
state and federal officials that
nobody who loaned money to the
city would be “stuck.” “Nobody was
ever ‘stuck.‘ "the mayor added testi-
ly. “New York is going to pay all its
debts. It always has." ‘

Beame revealed that he had talked
by telephone with President-elect
Jimmy Carter Saturday and Carter
had expressed concern over the city‘s

latest problem. saying he “would do
all he could” to help.

The latest crisis arose Friday when
the State Court of Appeals. the
state‘s highest. held that an impor-
tant part of the last year‘s ﬁscal
package that saved the city from
default — a moratorium on repay-
ment of SL6 billion in short-term
notes — was unconstitutional.

The note holders were offered an
exchange of the city paper for bonds
of the Municipal Assistance Corp.. a
state agency set up to deal with the
city's ﬁnancial plight. Holders of
5600.000 worth of the debt agreed.
but holders of the other if billion
turned down the MAC bonds and a
lawsuit was ﬁled on their behalf.
leading to Friday‘s decision.

A City Hall spokesman said Sun~

day that the decision cannot be
appealed because the Court of
Appeals ruling was on a state law
and cannot be taken to a federal
court. The spokesman said the city‘s
legal staff was studying the various
options available to carry out the
decision.

The court set no deadline for
repayment of the debt and made it
clear it was not requiring immediate
repayment which would be “Disrup-
tive“ to the city's fiscal condition.

The mayor‘s Sunday marathon of
talks included meetings with Orin
Kramer, a Carter Representative.
MAC Chairman Felix Rohatyn.
Robert Gerard, assistant Secretary
of the Treasury and finally a night
session with the Board of Estimate
and Leaders of the City Council.

Jamaican Socialism Under Attack

KINGSTON. Jamaica (AP)
Prime Minister Michael Manley‘s
socialism is pitted against opposition
leader Edward Scaga's capitalism in
an election campaign in which
Jamaica‘s sagging economy and its
relations with Cuba are the big

llllmim.’

Sundays at Just-A-Song are ﬁlled

issues.

Political violence has plagued
both Manfcy's People's National
party PNP and Seaga‘s Jamaica
Labour party .ILP and threatens to
keep large numbers of voters away
from the pools on Dec. l5. Each pur-

"t

with many unexpected

Several goodies will be available at a discount
on Sundays.

  

Save on Sundays at

[13994339me
MW

fill WWW we.

PAGE TWO

t
musical treats. A s

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

ty predicts victory. but independent
observers rate thc outcomca tossup.
Seuga is a 46-year-old economist
and f'ormcr finance minister who was
educated at Harvard. He has Citm~
paigncd in l.l45 villages since
March. hammering at Mnnley's ties
to Pich Castro and intimating
Jamaica may be taken over by
Cuban Communism if‘thc PNPwins
control of Parliament again. The
JLP's cttmpnignjinglc uses the word
"freedom" half ll dozen times.

Hess Conference
Blasts City
continued front page one

Harold Rubin. also a Coalition
member said SUNYA may have
some responsibility in the case.
"What does SUNY specify as a
landlord requirement?" he asked.
“The apartment should be safe.“

SUNYA Residences Director
John Welty said SUNYA does not
“require proof of Certificate of 0c-
cupancy [proof of inspection and
absences of housing code
violations]."

He said that at SUNY Board of
Trustees action in f97l took that in-
spection responsibility away from
the separate SUNY schools and
placed it solely on the city. “We do
advise people to check for a cer-
tificate." said Welty.

Smith Will Resign as GOP Chairman

WASHINGTON (AP) Republican National Chairman Mary Louise Smith.
a target of insurgent conservatives within the GOP. announced yesterday she
will resign in January but urged Republicans to avoid any “fatal lurch" to
political extremes. At the White House, Press Secretary Ron Nesscn said he
was not prepared to say what role President Ford would play in the selection
of a successor but added in reply to question: “He certainly considers himself
to be the head of the Republican party." Conservatives have indicated they
will move to take over the party leadership in the wake of Ford's loss to
Democrat Jimmy Carter. The resignation, which becomes effective at the
Republican National Committee meeting here Jan. I445. is an apparent
peace move to avoid a bitter leadership ﬁght. Mrs. Smith said she hopes it
will pave the way for a compromise chairman.

Romania Hopes to Retain Its independence
BUCHARES'I‘. Romania (AP) Soviet leader Leonid l. Brezhnev arrived in
Bucharest yesterday to tighten the Kremlin's ties with its maverick East
European ally. But Romanian leader Nicolae Ccausescu appears ccrtitin to
retain the independence he has established. Even as Ceausescu welcomed
Brezhnev at Otopeni Airport, U.S. Commerce Secretary Elliot Richardson
was talking with officials a few miles away in downtown Bucharest about
ways of expanding U.S.-Romanian trade. Diplomatic observers said that
although willingness to improve relations with the Soviet Union it hasn't
changed its basic stance of being independent and developing ties with non-
Communist countries.

lsrael Gains UNESCO Membership

NAIROBI. Kenya (AP) lsrael gained full membership in the UN.
Educational. Scientific and Cultural Organization yesterday with admission
to the European group of the world body. Israel's admission reversed a 1974
Unesco decision that led to a storm of protest in the West and suspension of
US. dues. which make up one quarter of UNESCO‘s budget. About $40
million has been withheld. After Israel was acclaimed its 36th member.
Soviet bloc nations protested that the Middle East nation did not belong in
the European group. Iraq. Jordan. Syria and Egypt told the plenary they
only agreed to a compromise on admission procedures that cleared the \I'tly
for Israel‘s membership because they wished to contribute to the “spirit of
Nairobi“ which they said seeks conciliation rather than confrontation.

Regents Seeks to Reduce Financial Aid

ALBANY, NY. (AP) The state Board of Regents will ask the lcgislttturc to
make substantial cuts in aid to ﬁnancially independent college students with
no dependents. The board said the idea is to base aid on a student's incomc.
not that of his parents. The change in thc Tuition Assistance Program would
force independent persons to use more oftheir own money for tuition CUsh.
Under the plan. for example. an emancipated student with a $6,000 incontc
attending an independent college would get $788 in TAP money, ‘I lltw.‘
students now receive $|,389. At state and New York City univcrsitics. such
students would get $l00. instead of the $639 now available. The proposed
legislation would also consider all students over age 35 to bc cmanctptttcd.

Microwaves Are Potential Weapons

WASHINGTON (AP) A Pentagon report says recent Soviet rcscttrch
suggests that microwaves could potentially be used as an interrogation tool
and as a weapon to trigger heart attacks or alter the behavior in tliplolllllh
and military officials. The U.S. analysis of experiments in the Sovict Unlon
and Eastern Europe was released to the Associated Press by the Deleon
intelligence Agency in response to a request under the Frccdoni of
information Act. The Pentagon said parts were withheld for informal
security reasons. Thc report concluded Soviet studies have "great polcnllill
for development into a system for disorienting or disrupting the bchtnltll
patterns of military or diplomatic personnel. it could be used cqunlly lib he“
as an tntcrrogation tool.“

Bonner ts Angered by Nyquiet Firing

SCHENECTADY. N.Y. (AP) The president of Union College so.“ “W
Board of Regents' ﬁring of Education Commissioner Ewald ll. Ni’tllll‘f '*
“the most humiliating spectacle in the 200-year history of the rcgcnli" 1” “
statement a day after the regents‘ action,Bonncr said he was “angered “I'd
outraged" by the development. The regents plan too would set up it tnsk for-cc
to ﬁnd a successor to Nyquist. whosejob is ofﬁcially terminated next June .10.
although he may leave sooner. By an 8-7 vote. the regents. Friday. ordt'lt'd
what was believed the first dismissal of an education commissioner In lllk‘
state's history. Policy and personality differences. especially over Nytllfl“R
integration orders, had developed between him and the regents Its the honrtl\
membership changed substantially during Nyquist's seven ycnrs in the top
educational post.

McQueen Testifies Before cc Hearing

ROCHESTER. N.Y. (AP) An Attica prison inmate. involved in a scuffle W”
guards last summer. testified Monday he was beaten and kicked. 0"" “PM”
a brokenjaw and a forehead wound in the incident. Albert McQch- 3 ' - 5""!
at a state Commission of Correction hearing that the trouble been" i” h“
attempted to retain possession of his Koran, the holy bible of the Muslim
religion. The scufﬂe July II also resulted in injury to three guards. Prof.
Irving Younger of the Cornell Law School. who with his lllw snide!“
assistants investigated for the commission. said the hearing would deal only
With the clash between McQueen and the guards.

!_—

NOVEMBER 23. 1976

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

While. the national pollsters con-'
centratcd on the politicalefcctions.a-

rcccnt’survey of young people in-
dicates that their primary personal
concerns are jobs. money and higher
education. When questioned on
social issues. the some group ex-
pressed little of' the concern that
sparked young people to protest dur-
ing the Vict Nnm era.

The survey of LNG high school
and college seniors and young work-
ing people. between the ages of l7
and 30 was conducted by students of
sociology and marketing at Georgia
Tech. Howard University. Universi-
ty of lllinois at Chicago Circle. St.
Louis University. Rice University.
the City College of New York and

   

the University of Southern Califor-
nia.-, . ‘

. Here are some ofthe highlights of
the survey:

Getting into the college of' their
choice was the primary concern of
nearly 40 per cent ol'thc high school
seniors.

The key objective for 5| per cent
of'colicgc seniors was to achieve high
grades to enable them to find jobs
witltin the area of' their spccittlilu-
tion.

The under 30 workforce put more
money as their number one target.
- Getting married. raising a family.

friends and personal fulfillment

followed in that order.
On social issucs. the views ofcach

cams ‘

Iapfarbsrg

A survey of 1.200 students found that the primary concerns In life would» and education.

group varied depending on age.
Whifc 43 pct cent of' the high
school xt-niors said their primary
concern was politics. the figure
‘dror-pcd to 28 per cent for college

Honor Society To Host Dinner

in commemoration of the 200th
ttnnivcrsury of its parent organiza-
tion. Alpha Alpha. SUNYA's local
chapter of' the national Phi Beta
Kttppn Society. will host a dinner at
thc Campus Center Putroon Room.

At thcdinncrthc numcs of'thc new
student members will bcunnounccd.
Requirements for initiation into the
oldest scholastic honorary society in
the Unitcd Sttttcs is based on it high
general grade average with a well
rounded distribution of courses.

Scheduled to speak atlhc dinner is
SUNYA Professor John Gerber. His
Phi fictn Kappa ttddrcss is entitled.
"Hclicf in Disbelicf'." (icrber. who is
chairman bf" the English Deport-
mcnt. is also chief of the editorial
board of thc Iowa—California Edi-
tion of the Works of Mark Twain.

Radio DJ

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) lf' radio talk-
show host Brian Lchrcr hadn't
offered to take “just one more call"
at 2250 run. Monday, '4 than might
be dead.

Lehrcr was wrapping up his wcck-
ly talk show on WQIlK curly Mott-
day when he said he would ttttccpl
one more tclcphonc Cilll.

Investigating
Committee

('fIIll/lllli‘flI/i'UHI pugt' our
rcttdy for publication in an issuc of
the AAUP Iittllctin lutc this spring.

lhc uliflllfllc sanction of the
AAUP is tcnsurc. ’l he placement of
an institution on the AAUP ccnsurc
list is meant to Inform members of
thc profession ttntf the public that
unsatisfactory conditions of
academic frccdom and tenure exist
at lllitl institution.

lhc AAUP chums ti I'L‘ll'CllClllllCill
provision in the SIINY collcctivc
hurgnimng ugrccmcm ctrcumvcnls
L'blill‘lifbllt‘ti gultlchncs for the dis-
lllfhbt’ll of tcnurctl faculty .smcc it rc-
tillll‘ch no demonstration of canine.
bounf'itlc f’inttncutl cxigcncy. of
proper progrum discontintntncc.

lhc investigative committee ts
L'llilli'cti by licrtrum ll. Davis. an
English professor at Pittl'ftlll State
University and former AAUI’
(lcncrnl Secretary. The other
mcmhcrs of life committee are
Wcscllcyttn Philosophy professor
Victor (iourcvilch. Rutgers English
professor Dttnicl Howard. and Cor-
nell iftW professor Irving Younger.

NOVEMBER 23. 1976

The dinner will be in the Patroon
Room on Dec. 9 from 6 pm. to 9
pm. The following are the seniors
and their majors nominated for in-
itiation. '

Edward Alston. Russian; Maria
Abruuino. History; Norman linker.
Music; Nancy liclfcr. Spanish: (ittry
lllnu. Psychology: .lunct liostwick.
Economics: Shcryl Brcen. French;
Lois Cuplnn. Economics; Lindn
(‘onfcld. Anthropology; I’ctcr
Crushcil. (icogrttphy; Stcvcn
Drnsncr. Mnlhcmutics: .lttmic
Eticlrmtn. Sociology; llcnc lidliu.
Spanish; liloistt Ernst. Sociology.

William Uttlco. Psychology:
Mcfttmc l‘lcming. Economics;
Amelia Focll. Philosophy: Dchoruh
(inlc. Spanish; Mich:th (irill.
Sociology; Howard Hoffman.
Mulhcmtttics: Michncl l'lotchkin.

Anthropology; Rose Mttric Inmun.
Interdisciplinary: (iordon Knrp.
Econo-ics: Hrucc Kaufman.
Chemistry: Robin Kttvttll.
Mnthcmntics: .lunc Kclly. Biology;
Suvtmnc Kwoktt. Biology; iiiunc
lttdogc. Biology.

littrhttrn Lusitcr. Psychology;
Mtttthcw Lewin. Economics; ’l'ttnytt
Mursik. Psychology; l’ttmcln
Mclilroy. Chemistry: Walter
Mitchell. Political Science: lionnic
()strof'sky. Sociology; Rosemary
i‘uglicxc. English; Cindy Reimun.
Art; Kcilh Rice. History; Daniel
Roscnthttl. Biology: Andrew Ross.
Political Science: Donna Schuff'cr.
English: .lcnnctlc Sharp. Psy-
chology; Peggy Stephens. Spanish;
I)orccn Swanson. Mathematics;
(ircgg Zachary. Philosophy.

Saves ‘Dial-a-Suicide’

The person who called. a i9-ycnr
old man from nearby chssclucr
County. mentioned to |.chrcr
matter-of-fttctly that he was going to
commit suicide.

“We were talking about other
stuff. when I made some rcfcrcncc to
two weeks from now. and he said.
“I'm not going to be around then.‘ "
rccnllcd l.chrcr.

"I linked If ltc was goingnwny. and
he said. ‘l‘m committing suicide.‘

"i tried to talk to him. kccp going
With him. to tttlk him out of it. or find
out where he was. or something."
Lcrhcr said. "l'hcn we went off the
air ill 31m“. I kept talking to him.
kcpt him on the phone. [th1 some
listcncr, who tiL‘hUI‘VL'S u lot of’crctlit.
cttllcd the police.“

An officct'ol thc liclhlchcm Police
Dcpnrttncnt rushed to thc rttdio slu-
tion illld l.t:hrcr mod to get lhc man's
iltitll'cbh.

“We talked about music. undjust
gcncrnl hull. l was trying to get to
keep him going. I wantcd to get his
nttmc and town. illld finally did.“

Sttttc Policc then were sent to the
home of the youth. whose name was
withhold.

“I kept tttlkingto the kid whilcthc
State Police were trying totrttck him
down. but at ten minutes before 4 he
stud ht: was going to hang himself
and ftung up.“

'lroopcrs (iordon (iundrum and
Muurccn (iordinicr fourtd the house
cmpty whcn thcy urrtvcd ill 4 fun.
'I hcy scttrchcd outside the house and
found the youth hanging from it tree
by it ropc. They got him down and
rushed him toSnmttrttnn Hospital in
Troy. where he was later listed to
good C(mtlllltln.

"Wt: almost didn't make it." Stilt]
l.chrcr. “If that lisicncr hadn‘t culled
thc pollcc it would have been all
over."

Psych Tenure Criteria Questioned

t‘tutllnum/_/I'om [rtlgt' mu‘

1 professors David Duty and HUWfll'd
lcnncn Will be suit]ch to the criteria
being used by the l'cnurc and
Promotion Commitlcc. At prcscnt.
these three arc the only faculty
members engaged in teaching
clinical psychology.

'lltrcc other professors are
peripherally involved with the
progrttm. Jttmcs Mttncuso tcttchcs tt
grttduntc course in personality
theory. which (inllupsttys is “not un-
related" to the program. John
Tucker is the fiend of the University

Counseling Scrrrcc. .lcnn Wilkerson
said “ycs” whcn ttskcd whether she
taught fill) clinical psychology
courses and tltcn shc said. “i tlon‘t
want to he tnvohcd in an interview
or an article."

Doty. who has been in SUNYA
for the past four years. will have to
undergo reconsideration in thc Spr-
ing of l977.

Tcnnc. who ltns taught at SU NYA
for the past year. will not know ttntil
Dec. l0 whether or not his contract
has been renewed.

seniors and only l] per cent for those
in the business world. who put ihc
economy issue ilS their top priority.

A similar trcnd was noted on the
environment. The high school figure
was 29 per ecnt citing the cmiron-
mcnl as t hcir primary social concern.
against f3 pcr cent for the college
seniors and ten per cent for those
cmpfoycd.

Foreign affairs had little imp:th us
far its the l7 to .lllttgc group was cott-
ccrncd. Less than eight pcr cent of
working people mcntioncd foreign
affairs as tr kcy worry. l'his dropped
to o pcr ccnl for the college seniors
illld it lL'w sctltfcrcd \'(llL‘S ttmong

high school seniors.

Another mttjor surprise of‘thc sur~
\cy uns that the crime issue ranked
fourth among the working people
beyond the economy. politics and
ctnirontncnt and received little sup-
port tts it primary concern among
high school and collcgc seniors.

lhc students who conducted the
suncys took note of thc uppttrcnt
tlccllnc in uclhism among young
pcoplc. One report noted: "If the
same project httd hccn done eight
years ttgo. thc immcdintc rcspnnsc to
Ihc question of \tlclill concerns
probably would flow bccn ‘thc
‘\ili"."

SUNYA Bus DriverAttacked

by Mark (irecnslein

A SUNYA wcckcnd bus drivcr
was physically ussttultcd hy fill un-
idcntifictl mnlc Sunday night us ltc
hcgttn his routc to uptown. :tccor-
ding to Albany City Police records.

lhc driver was identified by
Yunch 'l rails mnnugcr flurry
Schinncrcr as Morris Demontazon.
27. Yankcc ii'flilh has bccn under
contract by SUNYA to fill) the
wcckcnd service since last sctncstcr.
Schinncrcr said thc assault occurred
at 9:30 pm.

“An unidentified girl L'illlL‘Lf and
rcportcd that shc and two or three
others had seen the driver
assaulted." said Assistant University
Police I)ircclor John llcnighttn.

l-lcnightm Mild l)cmontn/on httd

told him that itnmctlintcly following
an argument with it bus rttfcr. he was
hit hy the pcrmn n numhcr of times
in thc fttcc and body. lltc tlsailflflill
thcn llcd. according to llcntghttn.
llcnighttn \lfld “Wc don't knownll
the details lhctc “tin \(tlllkl kind of
fight hUCillfht'lHulllttlllfl/Itlll was :t
llllll hour lntc or sontctlung. He only
works during the weekends or no
would knou if” fltc dcfntls.
licmontn/on did not require
Itlcdlclil ttllcnlion. llcnlghun stud.
l)cmontu/on could not bc rcttchcd
for comment on lhc lllL‘ldL’lii or the
cxtttnl of his ln_|lll'lL‘S. ,
llcnighttn cttllcd for thc studcnls
on thc hlts during the tnctdcnt to
contact Uni\cr~ny l'oltcc to and in

 

(

 

L

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

l
Responding to the highly- publicized problem of Inadequate
campus lighting. the SUNYA Plant Department has erected a
number of above-ground Iamppoets near the traffic circle.
Previously. the only lighting in the vicinity was from small pate
lamps that stood about two feet off thsground. The new fixtures
are about ten feet tall and give a more illuminating whitetlght.

ttlcnltlymg lhc tmmhtm.

 

J

PAGE THREE

     

‘3

‘4

  

ty—qg-r._-..-.-.-;.x-

F. _ ‘5'."

,., -_. ‘,.~L_g.«, 34.9.” m J‘

 

 

