 

 

- Q” hamm‘
dyt'iens , V ersetIVehuntsn service organisation.

‘ mum... in sun

 

YA as  freshman. sophmore', or junior.

- edits .
’~ I . Willing irivolveruent‘in the  training program; .

DUTIES OF VOLUNTEER .
I. Attendance at the initial training weekend at the beginning of the semester.
2. Working on a 3 hour telephone shift weekly.
3- Working 3-4 (l2 hour) weekend shifts a semester (including overnight)
4. Attendance at 2 three hour training grou s each month.
5. Attendance at occasional workshops run y Middle Earth and other agen-
6

ctes.
. Commitment to providing quality counseling services.

Interested Ipersons should contact Middle Earth for an application.
Inquiries s ould be addressed to: Charlie Bias. Switchboard Coor-
dinator. No applications will be accepted after November 29th at 5
p.m.

MIDDLE EARTH
RM. I
SCHUVLER HALL

DUTCH QUAD
457-7588

i¥%“

' DON’T at A SKI CASUALTY!
THINK SNOW

 

Down Hill Ski Conditioning 8‘ Safety Session

With Ed Gorchinski of West Mountain
Tuea., Nov. 30th 5:30 - 0:80 Gym 0

X - Country Skiing

With Bill Hanson of Trail North
Equipment. Waxing, Techniques. Safety
Thurs" Dec. End 0:00 - 8:00 Men’s Aux. Gym

Both are free with Student Tax Card

funded by student association

 

 

n. nsisos glutinous:-
“Recent  I   ,
' :r  archaeological '~ ~

Diseo'Veries in
Cyprus” L

 

 

Dr. Karageorghis is Director of the
Department of Antiquities of the government of
Cyprus. He is also Adjunct Professor of
Classical Archaeology at the State University of
New York at Albany. He is the holder of many
international honors in recognition of his,
outstanding work in the ﬁeld of Cypriot
archaeology. His most recent (1976) book is
entitled The Civilization of Prehistoric Cyprus.
He has conducted excavations most recently at
Larnaca. the ancient Citium.

Do not miss this unusual
opportunity.

Monday, November 29, 1976
8:00 PM
, Lecture Center 23

‘ IIIIIIIIlllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIml“II-mIMIWIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIE

SPIHKERS FORU!!! and ﬁliiNY STIITE CINEmﬂ q

Jointo present a science fiction fantasy

"RalerLQakshl

“EBIILIHLSBI”
and

“W”

Ralph Bakshi will be bringing his new movie
m which is to be released In February.

‘4‘
Stew“
9

Creator of

Wizards Is a tale of Sword and Sorcery
in the year 2 million 9.0.

WORLD PREMIERE!!!

’ Wed. -Dec.l
9:00 p.m.

I..C.- 7

FREE w/tax

5.50 General
Public

Tickets will be available beginning Thurs. Nov. Id
at IO a.rn. In the SJI. Contact Office.

tuoded by M.

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hu.k-A-Poos, Bagels,

NoseJobs, and Poodles

by Robert E. Gray. Jr.

The discovery of the JAP was made by Sir
Thomas Aquinas and his cronies back in the
early I400‘s. One night. they became. bored
with playing .pinochle and eating egg salad
sandwiches. so they began to indulge in the an-
cient riddle game. As the lights were dimmed.
Sir Thomas put forth this enigma for his con-
temporaries to solve;

"What has eyes. yet does not see?

What has ears. but does not hear?

What has a nose. still does not smell?

Who makes Panasonic?"

His comrades were stumped. Sir Thomas ex~
claimed “A JAPl". and chuckled heartily to
himself. No one else thought this was very
clever. but Sir Thomas was ahead of his time
anyway.

Throughout the Dark Ages. the JAPS kept
fairly well hidden, posing as apothecaries and
dromcdary merchants. With the beginning of
the Renaissance. however. JAPS began to
come out of the closet, which necessitated the
invention of the Huck-A-l’oo and led to
various other cultural advancements such as
bagels. nose jobs. and small white poodles.

Alter that golden era. the JAP‘s story was
not a fruitful one. until the mid-sixties when a
shrine was built in Albany for the modern
JAI’. This fortress is known as S U N YA. (Send
Us No Young Arabs). and it is here that psy-
chologists and other mental health personnel
ltave'comc to find out more about this varia-
tion of Homo Sapiens. Their findings are sur—
prising. Thcrc seems to be a wide assortment
oi JAI’S. ranging front those disguised as Irish

Catholics to the chosen few who display eight
inch chais on their chests. The research team
determined that JAPS are not necessarily af-
filiated with any speciﬁc religion or race; they
come in all different sizes and colors (thanks to
Cover Girl).

0

Several criteria were set up for aid in iden-
tifying a JAP. Unfortunately. these standards
have not yet been perfected, as evidenced by
the fact that the team included several of the
trees behind Campus Center as potential sub-
jects for intensive study. One ofthe most com-
mon characteristics is the ability shared by all
JAPS. to keep their noses constantly pointed
at the North Star without ever tripping over
anything. though they have been known to
walk all over people in this state. This has been
attributed to some sixth sense. Several JAPS
have explained this uncanny phenomenon
along the lines of “The Divine Right ofKings."
It has been conﬁrmed that there are absolutely
no cxistentialists in this clique. Conversation
among JAPS is restricted to their best friends'
sexual adventures. how to apply mascara to
get that “battered woman" effect. and how
many people they managed to snubthatday.

“Snubbing” has, indeed. become a true art
form among JAPS. This is mainly attributed
to the delusion these poor people are suffering
from. They see themselves as Chief Walla-
Wnlln llird oi' the Eastern Coast.

In any case. it pays to be aware of the
general attitude prevalent among JAI’S. You
may think that thcyarc trying to get you. They
are trying. Very trying.

A 

by Tom Scherbsnko

Two weeks ago was “Israel Awareness
Week”. When a friend of mine heard this. she
replied “As if people on this campus weren't
aware of Israeli“ But for anyone who wasn't.
there were movies. speeches. and even a table.
complete with slide show, in the Campus
Center. ,

Anyone who attended any of these events
probably expected some sort of enlighten-
ment. such as why Israel is so chummy with
the avowediy White-supremist regime in
South Africa: or whether or not the reports
that the European-Zionist ruling class treats
the Oriental Jews as second-class citizens are
true. Unfortunately. these matters received lit—
tle attention.

Even the timing of all this “awareness” is
paradoxical. Just a few days before. Israel in-
formed visiting American congresspeople that
they could not receive any "awareness" con-
cerning the possible manufacture of A-bpmbs.
Regrettably. the Congress-tour was in Iran at
the time of SUNYA's “Awareness Week" and
therefore could not visit here to gather infor-
mation on that subject. But that would have
received little attention anyway. (Remember
when it was the “Communist” countries who
wouldn't let foreigners inspect things? I sup-
pose this is another “proof” that radical
Zionists can use in their argument that lsrael is
a socialist state!)

The "awareness" presented is about a "small
country" with a “dedicated population." We
hear about courage in the face oftcrrorists and
hostile neighbors. but do we hear about the
Stern Gang or the lrgun'.’ We hear about the
Anglo~Frcnch~|sracli invasion of Egypt in
I956 or the enormous U.S. arms sales to
Israel? '

Finally. there is the plight of Jews in other
countries. how Israel is their only llupc. In this
case. the enemy who has almost become legen-

 

 

JeWel

Alb

 

NOVEMBER 23. 1978

\lee got

E what you want. =‘

 

We've Got Your Solitaire

The basic design Idea Is chosen by more
brides than any other. A single diamond.
simple and elegant. We have solitaires to ill
every taste, every budget. In your choice
of round. oval. marqulse. pear or emerald cut.
Whether you spend E'hundred dollars,
or thousands of dollars. we'll glve you
unmatched value lor every dollar you spend.
Use our Custom Charge Plan, BankAmericard,
Master Charge or Layaway.

Dim 'ECWIYI 'm OVII D YUM
Northway Mall Shopping Center
any N.Y. i 205

Si 8459-2896
L r l
——l__._—_——-l"——'—-I

Illustrations Enlarged To Show Detail.

 

 

The Great
Smuggler’s
Notch

SKI TRIP
is Back ll!

5 Days/Nights oi liiis and luxurious lodging !!!

$9500

' INDIVIDUAL flliEPlACES
'KIICHEII fACIlIIIES

TherlC’é
Smyggggﬁﬂotah mu 465-0120

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

t

   

dary is the Soviet Union. Does any of the
“awareness” point out that in 1948 the Soviet
Union supported the creation of Israel out of
what was once Semitic land (where Arabs and
Jews lived together for several millenis)? Or
that Stalin's succesor. Malenkov. was Jewish?

But the most frustrating thing “with
“Soviet Jewry“ issue for a certain population
of America is the idea of a “special oppres-
sion.” Few people of Baltic or Ukrainian des-
cent would agree that Soviet Jews are any

more oppressed than other minorities in the '

USSR. If anything. for the Jew in the Soviet

Union. there is always that hope of emigrating .

to Israel; what is the hope of the Estonians or
the Georgians. to name only two.‘who are in-
creasingly robbed of their culture and
language? And furthermore. how “pro-Arab”
can the USSR be if it is perfectly agreeable to

letting Jews emigrate to Israel. thereby in-v

creasing that country‘s human resources?
I

In too many cases the facts and the
"awareness" are out of sync; Soviet Jewry is
only one. On the Palestinian refugee issue.
respected journalists like Erskine Childers
have time and again demonstrated that the
source of the problem lies in the initial
terrorism of various Zionist “freedom lighter"
groups. but no matter how much documenta-
tion. it seems the only "awareness" that ever
comes to us is the same old emotion-based
stuff. clipped off from reality.

The problem for us is that all this
“awareness” is SA funded. "your tax dollars at
work“. Misconceptions and distortions are
continually server! out. using money which un-
dergraduates must pay. But. after all. this is
nothing new in America. where We've paid,
seeminglywillingly. for years. to be sold and
brainwashed on just about everything from
(‘hnrmin toilet tissue to how everybody here is
equal.

 

Jan 9-14

Call IRA 465-4217

.ld

 

 

PAGE THIRTEEN

 
   

~A “its _ 

 

 

 

