 

_ ’wsaa duos

Brezhnev dies at 75

Mme!) ic

(AP) Leonid I. Brezhnev. who ruled the Soviet Union for

Iii years. purstred detentc with the West and raised his coun-
try to nuclear parity with the United States. has died. He

was 75.
Brezhnev died Wednesday at 8:30 ant. 12:30am l-ZSI‘. but
‘ the announcement was withheld until 11 run. l‘hurs-
day. 3 atn EST. Toss. the official Soviet news agency. said
only that Brezhnev “died a srrdderi death.“ LLS. iii-
tclligenee analysts for years had sottglit to
tire/.hnev‘s declining Iiealtlr. amid reports tiiat lie was suf-
fering frorri Iieart troirbies. a stroke and cartcer.

No new party chief or president vvrrs immediately named
to fill Bre/hrte\"s posts. But Western experts believe the
power vacuum may be tilled in the short rrirr by a collectivt
leadership ineltrding former KGB cliicl' Yuri \- Andropov
and long-time Brcrhnev asso'ciatc Konstantin Chernenko.

the two men must often touted as likely successor. The

Kremlin is expected to focrrs its efforts on an orderly transi-
tion. cautious not to jaiigle the nerves of 262 million
citi/ens experiencing harder times with the shortages oi
meat and other essentials as winter approaches.

Here. officials expect no great departures frorn an ag-
gressive foreign policy that has remained relatively static
while Brethncv's energies ebbcd away.

The Brezhnev era was marked by firm actioti to suppress
dissent in the Soviet Union. When Crcchoslovakia
challenged Kremlin domination in the l-iast bloc iii i968.
Brezhnev scnt Soviet tanks into Prague to crrrsh "socialism
with a human face."

0 O 0

Moscow
(AP) Yuri V. Andropov. the former KGB secret police

chief who ascended to the Politburo only last May. has

been named the new top leader of the Soviet Union. the

government announced today.

He replaces Leonid I. Brezhnev, who died on Wednesday

after an 18-year rule.
The Tass news agency reported that Andropov. 68. was

named General Secretary of the Central Committee of the
Communist Party. Although the job does not make him
head of state. it Is the most powerful position in the Soviet

Union.

Shuttle launches satellite

Cape Canaveral. Fla.
(AP) The shuttle Columbia. an American "space truck"
carrying four men and two cornrnurticatiorrs satellites.
rocketed flawlessly through deep blue skies yesterday en
route to its first cargo delivery. 184 rriiles above the Earth.
Columbia ﬂawlessly delivered the 3 1/2 ton communica-
tions satellite into an orbit of its own eight hours after
takeoff.

Successful deployment was corrpicd vvitlt a near-perfch
cotrrttdown and latittcli to demonstrate. lor' tlic triotiictit at
least. that the shuttle cart do what NASA advertises: ('arry
parcels iriio space and do it reliably.

Columbia's cargo. two comrmrnications satcllitcs owned
by US. and Canadian firrris. will expand existing networks
to satellites providing telephone. business. television and
other services in the United States and Canada.

Vance Brank. 51. who has been in space once bcfotc. is

commanding Columbia‘s first pay-t'or-lrirc mission, ()lltcrs
making up the largest crew ever assigned to one spaceship

arc pilot Robert ()vermyer. 46. and two members of a new

breed of astronauts named mission specialists: William

Lenoir. 43. and Joseph Allen. 45.

A highlight of the flight is scheduled Sunday when the

two mission specialists will take a joint space walk. the first
by American astronauts in nearly nine years.

Walesa may be released

Warsaw. Poland
(AP) Poland's martial law authorities Irave ordered the
release from internment of Solidarity leader Lech Walesa
who has been held since martial law began Dec. 13. govern-
ment spokesman Jerry Urban said Thursday.

Urban. in a hurriedly called press conference for foreign
journalists Thursday. said Walesa would be released “in a
few days." due to technical reasons. but did not elaborate.

The news coincided with the announcement of the death
of Soviet leader Leonid l. Brezhnev in Moscow and came
24 hours after nationwide strikes called by the Solidarity
underground in Poland were blunted effectively.

Urban had indicated Wednesday that because the work
stoppages were minor. the martial law regime might go
ahead with plans to lift military rule by the end of the year.

Walesa has been held in solitary confinement at a govern-
ment resort in southeastern Poland near the Soviet border
since May. He was moved there from a Warsaw villa where
he was held after being seized Dec. 1.3.

Ulbrrn said Walesa had written.a letter to marital law

I

Speaking of speaking

monitor

 

  

A Linguistics colloquium will be offered Monday
November 15 at 7:45 p.m. in HU 290. The colloquium.‘ ‘
which will run an Iiour and one-half. will feature speakers
on “Historical Syntax and Spanish Relative Classes.“
“Human Capital: l-‘rorn Humanism to Human
Resources." “ Clapping and Casual lmplicature." and
“Rhetorical Analysis of Schi/ophrenic Language
Behavior."

A specialty

“Special Children. Special Dreams" is the theme of
Tcletltori ‘HJ. T-sltirt designs are now being accepted in
the 't‘elerlrori mailbox iii the SA office. For tttore infor-
mation. call Melissa Wasscrman at 46540343.

 

Bye bye birdie?

The Eastern liltrebirdnsyriibol of New York State and
increasingly rare species--will be the strbject of a lecture
on Tuesday. November 16 at 8 p.m. in LC 7. This'free.
public lecture is the last ol'a five-week series sponsored by
the University‘s Atmospheric Sciences Research Center
and the Department of Environmental Conservations
Five Rivers Environmental Education Center in Delmar.

Director of the Center. Alan Mapes. will present “Br-
ing Back the Bluebird" through a slide presentation ofthe
birds plight over the last few decades and discussions of
how they can be helped through various projects.

Vin a la France

“A Taste of France" is the theme of a beneﬁt for the
Project [Equinox Youth Shelter to be held Sunday.
November 14 at the Holiday inn on New London Road in
Latharii. Tickets for the cvent. which will feature a
sampling of French cheeses. French wines and their use in
the cuisine of France. are $7.50 per person.

Proceeds will go to the shelter. which provides tern-
porary housing and crisis ititcrvctttiott for rritraway and
homeless teenagers in the Capital District. l-‘or riiore iti-
forrnation and/or reservations. call 439-0342.

 

 

as brief
sagas , "

Calling all students

Beginning Monday. SA will be rtriining a telephone
survey to tap the students attitttde on various services and
issues which effect their lives.

Central Council Student Action. Student Services and
Acadetnic Coriirriittees will be asking five or six general
questions of those students called. So. when you get u
call. don't hang rip-cooperate! It shottld take but a Itlt)~
ment of your tirirc.

On rights and reds

l’etro U. (.irigorcnko, former Soviet army general and
founding member to the dissident movement in the
USSR. will lecture on "A Case Study of the Iltririari
Rights Movement in the USSR: The Ukranian llelsirrki
Group" on Tuesday. November 16 at 7 p.m. in LC 1. A
questiori-and-arrsvvcr period will follow the lecture, which
is free and open to the public.

Crrigorenko. a 33-year veteran at the Soviet military.
opposed Kliruschcv iii 1961. a rrrove which led to a series
of repression culminating in his arrest. Deprived of
Soviet citirenship while visiting the U.S. in 1977. he is ac-
tive in the appeal for human rights in the USSR.

 

A blackened stage

“Theatre of the Holocaust" will be the subject of a tee-
ture by Harold Lieberman. playwright-in-residence at the
Los Angeles Actors Theatre. on Tuesday. November 16.
at 4 p.m. in the Humanities Lounge. Tire lecture. spon-
sored by the English Department. will be preceeded by a
staged reading of excerpts from Lieberman's own play.
Thane 'of Straw. which deals with the Jewish Council of
Lodz. set up by the Nazis to force the Jews to implement
Nazi policies on themselves.

Caucus for a cause

“Women and Politics...Where are we...where are we
Going?" is the theme of the annual convention of SASU
Women's Caucus to be held here this weekend. November
l 1‘13.

The conference will feature speakers such as Karen
Burnstein. former state senator and present executive
director of The Consumer Protection Board.
Assemblywoman Rhoda S. Jacobs; and Kathy Downey;
of Tire National Student Education Fund project.
Workshops will discuss such topics as Reaganomics rrrrd
its effect on women. New York State Women's Legisla-
tion. and SUNY and art aritidiscrimination policy based
on sexual preference.

For more information. contact Nancy |)c('arlo or
Melissa Laubstcin at (518)465-2406.

 

 

 

 

chief (icri. Wojcicch .lar'rr/clski offering to come to tcrrus
with the authorities and had suggested a meeting to discuss
I'olarid's labor tr‘orrblcs.

Stock market declines
New York

(AP) The stock markct was broadly lower yesterday iii a
continuation of the selling that set iti Wednesday. following
an unsuccessful bid to surpass the record highs it reached
last week.

The Dow Jones average of $0 itidustrials. off 15.73
Wctlttcvdstty. fell another 4.14 to 1.04018 in the first hour
today.

Declines ottttrumhcrcd advances by about 2 to 1 among
New York Stock iixeiiange listed issues.

Trading was relatively quiet with many financial instittt-
lions closed in observance of Veterans Day.

Analysts said news of the death of Leonid lirerhtiev. the
Soviet leader. had no major irripaet on the market. htrt did
pose sortie new uncertainties for investors.

Among some recently strong issues. Sears Roebuck drop-
ped 3/8 to 30 5/8: International Business Machines 3/8 to
84. and Merril Lynch J/ii to 65 3/4. Tire NYSE's composite
index lost .43 to til.00. At the American Stock Exchange.
tltc market value index was off 2.19 at 337.63.

Opening-hour volume on the Big Board totaled 19.60
million shares.

Rent-a-judge causes stir

Lbs A age/av

(AP) Proponents say it alleviates congestion in the already

overcrowded state judicial system. Civil rights groups

charge it creates a dual system of justice — one for the
haves, anathcr for the have-nets.

Both are talking about rent-a-judgc. a California judicial

system which allows litigants to hire a retired judge to hear

A

 

their civil court cases} «so.» .M u'tr‘tt'; .m: . c. ‘u' ' ‘-  v...

Public .r\dv‘octttcs. a San l"l‘tl|lL‘iSL‘0-l)ttwtl pitblic interest
firm. is spearheading the irrovcriient against Iltc system
which has been part of California law sittcc 1872 brrt was
first used only six years ago.

“10 firm contends that retina-judge not only iets tlvr
wealthy get to civil trial sooner. btrt helps them set lci'al
precedents sooner and get into the rrppelatc court system
triore rapidly.

Public Advocates took its complaints to the State liar oi
California last year and asked the state‘s leading :rttorirevs
to investigate. the Static liar committee did a study and not
orin endorsed rettt-a-jutlge. brrt suggested that it he cv-
priiitled.

“I think tirat when the debate becomes public . .
hosed to within the liar. there will be growing hostility to
said Robert (iiiai/da. a Public Advocates attorney.

“ The primary thing we have against it is that in our opi-
riion it creates rt dual system.“ he said. “It allows people
with money to be able to rent ajudgc to get a different kind
of justice than those who cannot afford to do so."

Student arrested in Poland

Mar/limit. li’iv.
(AP) A student front Amsterdam. N.Y.. arrested in Poland
on Wednesday was in that country to do research fora doe-
torai dissertation on the Polislt working class. the student's
major professor said Thursday.

University of Wisconsin Professor Melvin Croan said
Roman Laba. 38. had been in Poland since January to
work on his project.

The Polish news agency PAP said Wednesday that Polish
security agents had detained Laba for allegedly maintaining
close contact with dissidents and collecting underground
lettllets. PAP said Liiba. who was detained Tuesday, was a
frequent visitor to Poland and had contacts with three dissi—
dent groups. The agency also said he continued his contacts
with underground members of Solidarity after martial law

. its tip-

 

was declared Dec. l3. ‘

. who . . .. s >. an cums“. can“... :4.  ..s,.......-.4...v durum,  . . .hvaetvcs‘cétWMM'Ict'mwu'rmlW4‘s‘ewwe‘o‘d'ddwfoTrleymo’ofo‘eew9 rr'o‘o'e-M’e‘o'rlumo‘r'c'é

  

 

 

 

By Bob Gardlnler
xmrr' ll'NIrER

Secrecy surrounds the U.S.‘s war
strategies. but it's no secret Americans are
concerned about surviving a nuclear attack.

Currently. a Civil Defense "'Crisis
Relocation Plan" is being developed to try
and save most Americans by moving them
to outlying safer areas. in case of an attack.

However. Dr. Helen Bayly. founder of
Womens Action for Nuclear Disarmament.
calls the plan "pure fabrication put out by
the Defense Department to justify the use
of nuclear weapons."

In the event of an emergency. the plan
calls for all residents of a High Risk Area
(HRA) such as the Capital District. to
receive a newspaper size pamphlet entitled
“Evacuation instructions” prepared by the
Civil Defense (CD) Disaster Preparedness
Office. Tucked away in the daily
newspapers. it will eontaiti all the rtrles and
regulations for an orderly evactiatiori en
masse. according to Lieutenant Colonel
Marvin L. Sliiro. spokesman for the Office
of Disaster Preparedness of Albany. The
plan dictates that SIJNYA students shall be
moved to the high schools and clurrchs in
the Glen Pails ares about 50 miles away.

The National Red Cross plays a major
part in the plan. according to (‘1).
However. llayly said that she has spoken to
tire Red Cross in Washington who has tcrm<
ed the plan “ridiculous.” "They feel they
would not survive; rrrost people in the coun-
try fecl that there is no surviving a nuclear
war" she said. The Red Cross and rrtrclcar
free/e advocates are currently asking politi-
cians arid other officials to look iritri the
plan.

Some of the information contained iii the
pamphlet. not yet available to the public.
are basic do's and don‘ts that must be
obeyed to insure orderly riiovernerit of peo-
ple. They ineltide:

> If your kids are in sehool.‘when you
are ordered out. leave them there they will
be taken care of.

> If you own a recreation vehicle such as
a trailer. take it to live in.

And finally:

> When an offical notice to evacuate is
given. pack your family. taking suggested
items. and follow the route instructions to
your “Host Area."

The parriphlet lists 55 items that should
be packed during evacuation. or only 30 if
you travel by bris. irtclrided are work
clothes. sleeping bags. as riitrcii food and
utensils as possible. and any baby supplies.
Working tools like shovels. axes. and
erowbars should be brought along with
credit cards. insurance policies. bank books
and a will. Evacuators are instructed to
leave everything else behind.

One thing the parriphiet does not mention
is not to panic.

"Panic is one problem we don‘t know
that we'd do about. we jttst have to hope
everyone stays cairn." said Siriro. When
asked about tltc criticism airiicd at the
relocatiott plan by proponents of tlic
rrtrciear free/e such as llayly. Sliiio lcartcd
over his desk and said. “Let rrtc ask you a
personal question. if i think i can save your
rriotlicr or sort wotrld you allow me to go
ahead with this plan?“

SUNYA Political Science Professor Dr.
Peter Cocks considered the plan to be very
dangerous. "Such evacuation plans by both

Disarmament convocation aims
at public nuclear awareness

try Melissa J1EE”

Throughout the week. film. lectures and
forums were held on campus. as part of a
nationwide Nuclear Disarmament Corr»
vocation aimcd to raise public awareness.

“No First-Use" was tltc focus of the con-
vocation. uri idea which. if accepted would
rrittkc it U.S. policy not to be the first to use
rirrclcar weapons.

According to a convocation birllctiri
current doctrine of the (LS. and NATO
calls for the limited use of battlefield
nuclear weapons itt Europe to counter at
Soviet assault if conventional defenses fail.

Coordinator of NYI’IRU's disarmament
activities at Albany. Jodi l)cVido said. part
of the purpose of Ntrclear Disarmament
Week at SUNYA is to help eliminate
“psychic numbing.“ or. as she described it.
the suppression of “your feelings and emo-
tions about all issue that is
life-lltt'ctticnittg." Dr. Ileleri tiayly.
of Women's Action for Nuclear Disnrrrra-
ment. who spoke on an at rris race panel ad-
mitted that speaking on the subject is "one

discussion followed a showing of tltt.‘ rrrovic
Life ll't'I/ioul Ii’innurv Wednesday night.

The week's activities were for the most
part. successful. according to DcVido.
“ the Peace Project has been very good."
she rciu‘ar'k‘cd. “It has been a joint effort on
all our parts.“

Although the titairr purpose of the week‘s
events were to inform and facilitate discus—
sion. “NYI’IRG's rnaiir position is air
economic one." stated i)cVido. “We are
looking at the alternatives to military spcti<
ding."

Louise McNeilly. coordinator of a local
disarmament group and who presently
works for the Social Action Center in
Albany. stated that two alternatives to
military speridittg would be world law and
govcrrtrneirt or nonviolent civilian defense
such as arms control or reduction.
Although a system of world law or govern-
rtterit seems to be a little idealistic. such op-
tiotts for achieving arms control such as
l-‘Rlilélli. SALT I. SALI ll. SIAR'I. a
Comprehensive Test liatt and No-t-ir'si-ttse
according to

NOVEMBER [2. I982 t} ALBANYSTUDENTJ’RESS 3

Nuclear war relocation plan meets criticism

sides leads them to believe that we can sur-
vive a nuclear attack. It just adds fuel to the
probability of a nrrclear war."

Many people ask where would everyone
go when evacuated. Much criticism has
been leveled at tiic Crisis Relocation Plan
for assuming that there will be ample room
in the otitiyirrg areas called “host areas" by
the pamphlet. Tire Washington Post went
as far its to print a cartoon (April 1982) that
showed a line of people with angels wings
and luggage standing at heavens gates. An
atigel at the gate was captioned as saying.
“See! i told you the planners would find a
place to evacuate everyone during a nuclear
war."

According to Dr. Bayly. research done by

l hr

 

 

herself and others working for a nuclear
freeze show that even the “host areas" will
not be safe from the effects of nuclear
warheads. "After people are evacuated
from this area another half million will be
moving this way from New York City.
where will they go?“

Tlrere are a variety of circumstances that
make an area an HRA. according to federal
officials. Any area surrounding a strategic
military base. military arms depot or
military equipment manufacturing is con-
sideer a risk. Also inclrrded are areas of
50.000 people or more. major business and
trade centers and seats of government.
There are It HRA‘s in New York State.

5»

 

(‘tvlt [It i FNSE PAMI’HLFT

Instructions‘on building a basement shelter 7
,ilimv rlirrr/rt ii-Irr'I/rer [Jo/cine IJr'Irrrr'Inrt-nt clout/v of vnrvrvir/rrlrtv' .rrc H'm'.

l'hcsc means for achieving arms control
are siniiliti in that all call for it mutrrul
agiccmcnt between the lLS. and tire
U.S.SR. with the exception o1 No-l-irst-
Use. 1 ltl‘l-‘ll‘, calls fora mutual halt to the
nuclear arms race. SALT II and Sl'ARI’
(the successor to SAIII‘ | and SM 1' 11‘s
replacement) call for mutual reductions iii
the arms race. and a Comprehensive Test
llan would prohibit underground rirrclcirr
tests.

Iictweeri the US. and Russia. tlrcic seems
to be a condition of “apparent nuclear pari-
ty" itr that each country is superior to the
other in sortie ways and inferior in others.

would be devasting. according to the Con-
votirtiorr Bulletin.

In March of lost. President Reagan said
that Ilre Soviets have a “detiriitc margin of
superiority over the US. in nuclear striking
power." llovvc\ct. bcctttrsc the two powers
have crirphasis on such dill‘crcrrt areas in
military weaponry. it is difficult to chI who ‘
if either. is superior: tltc convocation
briitctrir says the Sov iets have about 70 pcr~
cent of their 7.“tlo warheads on Irrrrrlbascd
llllssilL‘S. The rest are slll)lllittittt'~ (’5 per-
cctttl .rird l‘otttl‘ctv (41 percent) flthtiited
States Iras about 9.500 strategic warheads.
25 percent oi which are lt'li.\ls and almost

 

way for tire to deal with my fear." The

 

ASP ' ' \ RE
GOES
DOWNTOWN

every Friday. Pick it up In a

tavern.

 

are much more realistic.

DcVido l'lre rcali/ation of one attacking Ilic other 7.
LXPIRES: UMIT
No.19  STUYVESANT LIQUORS

“taco Pronto
Burrito Grande

WITH THIS COUPON

GULAFI

$1.59 .

nelghbo'hood buslness or tlI’LN DAILY-10 (l0 AM—lt 00 PM 438-50116 illltVL
.liilU WINDOW: INDOOR DININtl-AMl’i i3 PARKING

12116 WESTERN AVE , ALBANY orcrrrrss itith sour/u

 

 

 

 

Always 15-20%

 

 

 

 -r

 

 

 

pectrum

.‘J|\'l ‘).'rt.*.t~r'i‘t4 r.tt/r

 

 
 

Find out what's happening on campus ‘
utid beyond in ASI’I‘IC’I‘S'V country-lien; I ‘ , .
j slve entertainment guide on page 1273:.» -.ir,i u trm la‘ai'ljl .r

 

STUYVESANT
438-0434

“SUNY’S PARTY HEADQUARTERS '

Glacobazzl Lambrusco 25.4 oz.
Manson Chenin Blanc 50.7 02.
Italian Bardollno-anpollcella 50.701. $5.49
FRENCH BelleRlve Rouge 50.7 oz.
FRENCH BelleRlve Rouge 25.4 oz.
MANOR GIN or VODKA 33.8 oz.

Let Torry or Bob lie/p plan your next party V
b Open Mon-Sat 10:00AM:  ' " " ‘

c f
MN institute or trotted gamut 1w had Jib‘Jrlli‘W bik‘n 05v“ U

PLAZA

REG. SALE
$3.15 $2.49
$6.59 $4.99

$3.99
$5.99 $4.49
$3.99 $2.99

$4.69

discount on cases of urine

31'in c.‘

 

 

 

 

