 

., .._..;’~—:"-‘ v

P.‘ -A

~...-——.....

6 m VW -w.—-M~.~w..

 

 

 

 

I Capsules. 

* Negotiations Near Impasse”

GENEVA, Switzerland (AP) American and Soviet.

negotiators, amid mounting indications of an im-

passe, conferred for 2.5 hours Thursday in the
15th full round of talks on limiting medium-range
nuclear arms in Europe.

The session followed a pointed cxcltange bet-
ween Washington and Moscow, highlighting the
distance between the two sides at tlte politically
sensitive talks.

The Reagan administration said Wednesday it
rejects as "spurious" a Soviet prOposal to rcdttce
medium-range nttclear strength to "300 units on
both sides" by 1990. ’

A U.S. State Department spokesman said the
plan would leave untouched the most formidable
intermediate-range weapon iii the Soviet arsenal,
tltetriple-hcadcd, mobile SS-ZO missile. A major
American objective at tile talks ltas been to
dismantle the SS-20s.

About 280 88-20 systetns, capable of hitting
targets anywhere in Europe, ltave already.bccn
deployed. The West has no comparable
intermediate-range Weapon in place.

I I O 0

Pope to Visit Nigeria
LAGOS, NigeriaMl’) Nigeria is preparing to greet
Pope .lohn'Paul 11 on Friday with a mixture of
pride, cxttberance attd dynamic chaos - all
characteristic of Africa's most p0pulous nation.

The Pope is cotttittg to Nigeria bccattse it is “the
giant of Africa,"thc tttost Rev. Anthony ()kogie,
archbishop of Lagos, said Wednesday. The six
(lay tottr, which includes visits to (iabon, licnitt
atrd Equatorial Guinea, will he the pontiff's first
trip abroad since the atletttpt on ltis life at the
Vatican last May 1.1.

John Paul first visited Africa itt 1930. Brit a
‘SpOkuSlll‘dtt for the Vatican diplomatic ol'l'ice itt
Lagos said the pontill' decided to visit oilvrich
Nigeria on a scperate trip because of its impor-
tance. '1 he vaticatt says the tttaitt pttrposc of the
trip is etangcli/atioit - which church leaders here
acknowledge is very tlilfcrcnt itt 1982 front when
the Holy (ihost Fathers set up schools itt eastern
Nigerian a cctllltt‘)‘ ago.

Volker Issues Warning

\VASillNG'I'UN, l).(‘. (/\|') 1"cdcrttl Reserve
lioutd Paul Volcker \Hlt'llL'tl ('ottgrcss Thursday
that tltc “tcry high" dclicits President Reagan en-
visions for several years threaten to curtail finan-
cial rnarkets' ability to finance tlte growth attd in-
vesltttcttl needed to end the current recession.

And Congress, Volcker said, rtttrst deal with the
"large attd loontittg financial problems" lte sees
resulting from tlte deficits proposed irt the presi-
dcnt‘s budget.

“We are in a budget situation that has no
parallel irt my memory itt history," lte said, “in
that large federal deficits would pcrist even as tltc
economy climbs otrt of the recession."

Volcker testified Wednesday that the Fed
would not back off it's tetttutivc decision to aim
for relatively slow growth in the basic ntoney sup-
ply 01' cash and cltccking tlepostis at a 2.5 to 5.5
percent growth rate this year. However, he did say
tltc board would be willing to accept growth in tltc
upper part of that range, a policy generally itt title
with recent requests from the Reagan administra-
tion. '

Inmate To Use Sperm Bank

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) A state prison inmate who
faces chemotherapy trcatrttcttt for; cancer will be
allowed to use a New York City sperttt battk if his
doctor says it is important “for his health ttrtd
well-being," corrections officials said Thursday,

Joltn-Raueci, 22, formerly of Albany, sued the
Department of" Correctional Services for a
furlouglt from the lludsott Correctional Facility itt
Columbia County, where he is serving a three-year
sentence for fclottt sale of ntarijuatta, to which he
pleaded guilty in Jantrary 1980.

The suit maintains tltc department is denying
Raucci “fundamental rights, the rigltt to privacy,

‘ WASHINGTON, D.C.(AP-)

 

W. .. .r.._,.m....-..........__

 

't .,1 --....‘,.-. ._..rr,
family life', 'parenthood'angi:reproduction," by 

t

preventing hini from using the‘sperm bank.

Raucci learned during a Christmas turtough last
year that he has a type of bone cancer that will re-
quire him to undergo chemotherapy, scheduled to
begin on Monday. in papers filed in state Supreme
Court here, Raucci said the treatments probably
will render him sterile, thwarting him and his
fiance's hOpe to have children, unless he is allowed
to use the perm bank. By freezing his sperm and
using artiﬁcial insemination later, he and his
fiance would be able to have children after they
are married.

NRC Sets Goals ,

The Nuclear
Regulaory Commission pr.0posed a safety goal for
nuclear power plants Thursday, drawing criticism
from one NRC commissioner who said it accepts
13.000 deaths during the next 30 to 40 years.

But three other NRC members, Nunzio
Palladino, NRC chairman, and NRC members
Jolttt Ahearne and Thomas Roberts, said the
fatalin figure cited by commissioner Peter Brad-
ford was misleading. '

The controversy arose as the NRC released a

draft of a safety goal ordered by a presidential
panel after the 1979 Three Mile island accident,
the worst ever iii the nation's commercial nuclear
plants.

it is the first titne "we‘ve ever tried to define
lrow safe is safe," said Dr. Forrest Remick, head
of the NRC office of policy evaluation. No deaths
have ever been attributed to a commercial nuclear
power plant.

Deng Reasserts Power

l'l'JKthi, China (AP) Deng Xiaoping still holds
all his party offices attd his witltdrawal front day-
to-day governmental affairs irt China is "nothing
new," the Foreign Ministry said Thursday.

The statement, issttcd itt response to a reporter's
questions, ctunc almost a month after Dcttg last
appeared itt public.

His last reported appearance was .lan. 12 when
he welcomed political conttttisars front around tltc
country to a major army political conference itt
Peking.

C'hittesc otticials last weekend said the foreign
press exaggerated a statctttcttt by l’rctnicr'Wan Li
that Deng had “withdrawn from the first line to
tile second litre," suggesting ploitical ttttccrtaittty
itt ('hiutt. Deng, they said, has occupied a
strategic l‘lttslllttll - ttot a workaday rolc - for a
long titttc. lltcy said older, tttorc experienced par-
ty cudtcs are needed to sltape policy.

Syrian Conflict Continues

DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) Fighting raged Thurs-
day hetuccn rebel Stttttti Moslcnts and an
estimated H.000 Syrian troops shelling the City of
llama for (lie rtitttlt day, Western diplomatic and
other foreign sources said. The lcftist government
said llama was settled ol'f bttt that reports of a
revolt were United Stales-slttndcrs.

()ne \Vestcrn resident of Datttsctts attempting to
reach tltc btsicgcd city 120 miles north of here was
ttrrrtcd back by police who told him he could not
L‘tilllltltlt.‘Vltcctlllsc of fighting. He said he saw
President llal'c/ Assad‘s reinforcements heading
into Hattta and anbulattces cornittg out,

('nsuulty figurcscould not be estimated accratc—
ly, btrt diplottmtic attd other accounts say the
number of killed is lit tltc ltundt'cds and damage is
c\lcttsive irt the city of 200,000.

Budget CutThreaten Lives

WASHINGTON, l).C.(Al’) More than 100
kidney dialysis patients dctttonstratcd today at tltc
Department of lleall it until ltttttun Services, charg-
ittg that limits on their Medicare coverage propos-
cd by the Reagan administration could threaten
their lives.

Al'tcr marching outside the dcparttttcnt‘s head-
qttartcrs,‘ the patients, social workers and mms’
ntet ittside with a health aide to Secretary Richard
S. Scltrveikcr.

l‘hc dentonstratiou was organi/cd by kidney
dialysis centers that fear they tttigltt be forced to
go out of business if the new Medicare reintburse~
tttcttt limits go into effect.

, “sumac-war 7-2‘



 

law—1w, my  ..

 

ﬂ

:CttsiPUS'Bniefs

Become a Dr. of Computers

SUNYA has recieved final approval of a new
Ph.D. program in computer science and will begin
accepting doctoral students for it this fall.

The Ph.D. in computer science will require a
minimum of 60 credit hours and will inelttdc quali-
fying examinations, residency examinations attd a
research disSertation. The new program will even
tually have 12 students.

The department expects to acquire a
VAX/l 1/750 computer, a research computer
which link the department to other research com.
puting units at universities around tltc country.

The program had to be approved first by the in-
ternal University lteirarchy arid then the central
administration of SUNY, the state Board of
Regents, and finally the governor.

Lute in the Evening

Enjoy “An Evening of Music for Guitar and
Lute” tonight to benefit the Committee itt
Solidarity with the PcOple of El Salvador
(ClSPES) Medical Aid Campaign for Salvadoran
refugees.

The concert, to be ltcld at 8 pm. toniqu at the
Calvary United Methodist Church (Morris turd
West Lawrence Streets, Albany) will feature Allan
Alexander and Dana Berkowitz in a varied pro»
gram of Renaissance, Latin American and
Classical pieces.

Ticket can be picked up at Community Box of-
ficc outlets, the Boulevard Bookstore, World's
Records. and Simple Gifts Bookstore, as well as at

the door. Admission is $5 in advance and $6 at tile

door.

Self -Defense Available

The President's Task Force on Women‘s Safety
will be sponsoring self defense worksltops for
women this semester.

Maggie Boys of the Pltysical Edttcation Depart-
ntent will teaclt the workshops, which will be at-
rattged to tttcet at times convenient for students.

Groups of women interersted in participatittg in
a workshop are asked to call the Affirntative Ac-
tion Office at 457-8590. if you do not ltavc a
group together, but are still interested in par-
ticipating, contact Gail Friedberg at 457-4692.

F erron Con-cert Planned

Compared in her nation’s media to Buffy Saint.
Marie, Bob Dylan and Leonard Coltcu, Cttnttdtt's
self-described “folk/poet", Ferron, will make her
Capital District debut this Monday, February 15.

This concert, scheduled for 8 pm. at the Third
Strecct Thearte, Third Street, Rensselaer, will be
Ferron’s only area appearance. Tickets are on sale
now at the Third Street Theatre, the Boulevard
Bookstore in Albany and through reservation by
calling 438-4815; admission is $5 in advance and
$6 at the door.

Sponsored by Rainbow Women's concerts and
the Tri-City Women's Center, the concert will hc
signed for the hearing impaired.

Social activist Dick Gregory will be speaking to
students, faculty and community in conjuction
with the University World Week.

The event will be held on February 14, at tt pm.
in the Campus Center Ballroom.

Poetry by Bly

As part ot-SUNYA's World wcck' WU, RUM,”
Bly Will read from his work on Tuesday, Fcbrttary
16. .

Inﬂuenced by Jung. Freud attd modern braitt
research, lily has translated Neruda, Vallejo,
'l‘rakl and others while investigating the sources of
1pm.!“ Creativny l" “10 three major structurs ol' the
tram.

50 1001‘ (Or listen) for Bly in tire Main theatre of

y ' the Performing Arts Center Tuesday at 7:30 [1.01. r

 

 

J

 

 

Social Cuts Are Hastening College Enrollments

 

  

By TERI KAPLOWITZ

Although there’s no full
moon, the Werewolves are
howling.

Five students, all members of l

the Werewolves athletic club,
, were thrown out of alumni
Quad’s Waterbury Hall and
totally banned from all the
quads, while an additional five
Werewolves were dispersed and
relocated to rooms uptown.

During Christmas vacation,
Director of Residential Life
'John Martone sent registered
letters to the 10 students, charg-
ing them with dirrupting the
dorm’s “educational environ-
ment” and notifying them that
they would no longer be allowed

 

 

to live in Waterbury Hall.

 

 Werewolves Question Relocation

The letters also contained a
detailed list of all damages in-
curred to the hall during the last
three years, totalling $2,000 as
well as charges for speciﬁc
damgages inflicted last
semester. Additionally, the let-
ters scheduled scperate
Residence Review Board Hear-
ings for each student. _

While the Werewolves admit
they have caused a lot of
destruction some believe their
cases were handled improperly,
and feel they are being punished
for things they didn't do.

One Werewolf, who asked
not to be named, believed the
Werewolves were looked upon
as a group, and that the ad-
ministration failed to examine
each case individually.

(CPS) Despite charges that the to $537 a ntonth in Social college irt Pennsylvania, and lie

federal govertttttettt under-
publicized changes itt eligibility
rttles for students dtte for Social
Sectrrity bertefits, n srttall enroll-
tncttt boom is goittg on at many
campuses as high school
students scramble to get itt
before the May 1 cutoff date.

Because of congressional
changes in the Soeial Security
Act passed last August at tltc
prodding of President Reagatt,
students must ltave enrolled full
time in college before May 1 or
lose the $259 average monthly
payment. These go to 18 to 22
year olds who are the children
of retired, disabled of deceased
parents.

Over the next four years the
Social Security Administration
(SSA) will pltasc out benefits
altogether. Currently 760,000
slttdettts get anywhere frottt $60

Security benefits. Startittg this
year, benefits will start decreas-
ing 25 pcreettt each year
through April 1985 when the
progrant ends.

The government hopes to save
$915 milli0n this year. it ItOpes
to save a projected $2.7 billion
by 1986.

The incoming spring class of
1986 will be the last new
beneficiaries added to tire stu-
dent Social Secttrity program.

As a result, an ttnttsttal
number of students are trying to
get in the class.

Dr. Richard Wilsott of tltc
Antericatt Association of Com-
tttttnity and JuniOr Colleges ex-
pects “more students this spr-
ing starting new quarters and
semesters," as a result of tire
cutoff date. “I recerttly spoke
with tile president of the small

said they had as many as 200
students- taking .carly
enrollments for the spring.

“We've bectt getting calls
front higher education institu-
tiorts all over tltc country about
this," said Dr. .I. Douglas Con-
nor, exeetutivc director of the
Atncrieatt Association of Col-
lege Registars and Admissions
.Ol'ficers. “l dcl'inately expect
an increase in enrollment, but
it's hard to say how great,"

Early enrollment is signifi-
cant enough thatl'm notifying
freshman English teachers to
get ready," said Charles Seeley,
admissions director at Michigan
State University. “1 would at.
tribttte the ittcrease to the
benefits changes.’

But several other educators
believe tltere would have bectt
ntorc early cttrollccs had Social

SUNYA Examines Phone Systems.

By MARC SCHWARTZ

Facing an attnttal pltonc hill
of close to $1 ntillion, SUNYA
is looking to install a new
telecommunications system by
August 1, 1984 which will save
an estimated $5 million oVer 10
years, according to Karen Zim-
ntcrs, Assistant to the
President for Telecommunica-
tions.

A ‘telccommunieations ad-
visory committee representing
each of the university’s vice
presidents has been formed, ac-
cording to Controller Leo
Neveu. One of the Options being
considered is including der-
mitory phones in the new
system.

Zimmers explained that in ad-
dition to saving money in the
face of numerous budget cuts,
the new system will add func-
tions and services. The school’s
computers will be able to use the
satne telephone lines to com-
municate with other computers.

Switchittg and transferring of‘

all types of calls will be possible
following installation.

“New equipment saves
money,“ Zimmers added. The

..rs:~n.rcwl-' - ‘

Vice

..,,._,,, ,..,,. .m

mOst importattt piece of equip-
ment needed for the ttcw system
is a switching gear, called a
Private Branelt Exchange
(PBX). “Ultimately everything
is tied in through the PBX,"
Zimmers continued. .
Zimmers said SUNYA is
looking to buy the eqttiptnent
frdm private vendors. “Tltc
first year after installation our
costs will be the same as they are
now," she said. “However,
after that we will save on leasing
charges which are a major part
of our costs." _
On January 29, New YOrk
State’s Office of General Ser-
vices (OGS) announced a con-
tract with three private vendors.
Commissioner John Egan said
when w0rk is completed later
this year, New York State will
have saved $1.5 million off its
annual $100 million phone bill.
The advisory committee is
surveying the University to
determine the needs and re-
quirements of the new system.
“We want to get our specifica-
tions outlined," explained Zim-
mers. “in October, we're going
to draw up a Request-For-
Proposal (RFP) and send it out-

32" n... .~.m........ chm—m.

to several vendors."

Director of Purchasing and
Administrative Services, Jack
Haggerty, listed several of the
companies to be contacted:
American Dynatel, which was
awarded a sltare of the 005'
contract; Executone; Rotelcon;
and New York Telephone.

The RFP will include several
options for consideration. The
possibilities include speaker
phones, answering machines,
word processing machines and
“electronic mail" machines,
said Haggerty. ‘

“SUNYA is also looking into
the possibility of leasing lines
from one of the private long
distance firms: MCI, Sprint,
lTT," Zimmers said. “We want
to explore all out options and
find Out which is the most cost-
effective."

The present phone system in-
stalled over 15 years ago, when
the new campus Opened, con-
sists of 2,026 telephones and
1,080 tie-lines. All the equip-
ment in this Centrix 1 system,
including phones and lines; are
leased front the New York
Telephone Company, said Zim-
mers. ,

This Werewolf also said that
while other students in the hall
have committed acts of van-
dalism,‘ only the Werewolves
were charged with offenses.

However, Assistant Director
of Residential Life John Mur-
phy disclaims allegations by
Werewolves members that they
were found guilty by associa-
tion.

Murphy said he never even
heard of the Werewolves until
the Residence Review Board
Hearings began. He also
guaranteed that every student
was given a “due process hear-
ing, and allowed ample time to

speak, provided they gave perti-'

nent information, and that they
Were treated as individuals."
However, Werewolf Joel

Security informed the public
about the change itt benefits.

Seeley agreed. “No, they
didn‘t publicize this enough.
Bttt if they publisize it too
much, they'll lose money." r

A spokeswotttett l‘or tltc SSA
said two tnillion pamphlets
about the eligibility changes attd
reductions were mailed out to
regional and local Social Securi-
ty offices last September.

The administration also
notifies youths eligible for
benefits five months before
their 18th birthday and ltas
started using this form to en-
courage thern to come into their
local SSA office for an oral ex-
planation of the changes.

However, since Social Securi-
ty could only begin informing
17 year olds about the May
cutoff after August 1981, the
.najority of stttdents with bir-

  

. ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS, FEBRUARY 12; 11982  V . 

SUNYA Telephone Coordinator Karen Zimmers

  

Rosen called his  a  - ‘r
Kangaroo Court, and said he ' i
wasn’t really" allowed torstatc his '

case. r .
Murphy denied this state—
ment.

Additionally Werewolves

member Steve Keane stressed .

that he received only one viola-

tion during his academic career

— a noise complaint ﬁled

November 5 by Resident Assis-

tant (RA) Liz Holmes, who
I subsequently sent the report to ,
Alumni Quad Coordinator Liz

Radko.

 

Keane received a letter from
John Martone, stating that
because of Keane‘s previous
record, he was being reassigned
to a room on Dutch Quad.

thdays later in 1982 will not be
notified personally about the
rttle change in time to get enroll-
cd.

Though many colleges expect
increased enrolltnettt this spr-
ing, several educators worry
about the long-term eft‘ecrof
benefit reduction.

“There are 150,000 (18 year
olds) eligible," said Connor
“and the large part of them will

lose their benefits. it's a wild '~
guess but‘l would think that s l
100,000 won‘t be able to make it ‘
(to college) without the l
benefit.” 1

Wilson added, “This is not
what 1 call a give-away situa-
tion. Tltese are people who do
not have two wealthy parents at
home. They’re retired, disabled
or 'dead. 1 question the
withdrawing of money.”

 

purer urs

 

Said lite universin is trying to be cost-effective

Even if equipment is bought
from private vendors, NY
Telephone lines will still be us-
ed, said Zimmers.

The new system will likely tie
the uptown and-downtown cam-
pus into one universal systcmf
Presently a call from one cam-
pus to the other incurs tinte
message units. There had once
been tic-lines connecting the
two campuses but they were
discarded as being too ecstly.

“We’re not looking for an
overwhelming system, just one
that will save money,” Zimmers
said. “We don’t want to be ob-
solete. The goal is to provide the

most efficient service at the least
possible cost."

The telecommunications ad-
visory committee is also facing
another decision: whether it is
still efficient to use the 008 tic-
lines. SUNYA must pay 008
for use of the lines and New
York Telephone for use of the
equipment. Due to rising costs,
008 has be:- foreed to in-
stitute a as - tensitive billing
system. The school will have to
pay for each call they make on.

the lines. 

The committee will select '
from the proposals it receives itt _
May, 1983. *

 

