0
C
1‘

U-

NIB—

’s’t'ts‘ﬂé'dt's'dn’tﬂes‘ddj-  " 

Fleetwood Mac’s Illusion

0 now Fleetwood Mac's Mirage is
S the number one LP In the coun—

try. Stevie's back with the band.
the same alluring visual Imagery adorns the
cover, but unfortunately, Mirage Is merely
a musical illusion. Somehow. Fleetwood
Mac has deluded the,publtc Into frantically
buying this album; nevertheless l have to H-
tle Mirage most misleading and dishonest
album of the year.

Debbie Millman

Fleetwood Mac has come a long way.
When. fifteen years ago. Jeremy Spencer
and Peter Green Joined John Mche and
Mick Fleetwood. the band was more or less
considered rhythm and blues. in 1969.
Green left and Danny Ktrwan and
Christine Perfect (who later married
McVIe) Joined. and though still very
bluesy. they began processing »a more
mainstream/poppy sound. In 1971 Bob
Welch Joined. and the original “Sentimen-
tal Lady" was recorded on Bare Trees in
1972. Some minor success occurred, but It
wasn't until Lindsay Buckingham and
Stevie Nicks combined forces In ’75 that

 

 

 

Fleetwood Mac enjoyed phenomenal
world wide appeal.

ity was apparent ttt almost every song. and
although the band's Internal life was a mess
(both the Mthe's and Buckingham and
Nicks split up) the anguish seemed to help
the band musically. Buckingham wasn't
taking himself too seriously. NIcks'
feather/lace/gypsy/velvet-dream songs
were a novelty. Christine had Just the right
amount of soul left over from the old days.
and although Fleetwood played a con-
tinous 4/4 beat. it seemed to hold
everything Into place nicely, The puzzle-
storles that the band presented on their.
albums were lust mysterious enough to
seduce. yet accessible enough to relate to. |
The band did a major tour. made lots of.
money. went to Africa to try saving some
elephants. and waited two years before,
they offered their next story album to figure I
out.

i had a difficult time with Tusk. Their first .
double LP, both Christine McVie and Nicks
appeared out of shape. Singing five and
four songs respectively. McVIe's songs
were exceedingly uninteresting and Nicks
seemed annoyingly overwhelmed with try-
lng to either: a) become a child again and
rewrite the song "Landslide" or b) find a
sister and twirl around In a velvet purple

 

room while trying on lace dresses. Her

Thematically Rumours
was somewhat of a master-

piece; the band broke away

 

 
 

Nicks was working as a waitress and liv-
ing with Buckingham In LA when Keith
Olson produced their co-wrttten Buck-
ingham/Nicks. It went relatively unnoticed
until Olson played the album for Fleetwood
Mac in order for them to hear Olson's
engineering technique on new Years Eve.
1974, The band was a bit leaner; Welch
had left to go solo. and only the McVie's
and Fleetwood remained. They were so
Impressed listening to Buckingham/Nicks.
they invited them to join the band Im-
mediately. The rest is common

knowledge: in 1975 Fleetwood Mac came
out of hiding and sold one million copies;
In 1977 Rumours hit the stands and sold
over five million.

Back In those days. Fleetwood Mac was
a' quality pop band. Conceptually and
thematically, Rumours was somewhat of a
masterpiece; the band broke away from the
bopplty-bop pop stereotype. and actually

 

 

 

said something. An undertone ofcomplex-

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
 

song “Beautiful Child" was one exception.-
along with McVie’s “Never Forget". Both
were haunting in their simplicity. and sad
and beautiful at the same time. The rest of
the time. though. they lust didn't work.
The band's combined effort on the minor
hit “Tusk” was fair. With so much percus-
slon potential. Fleetwood let the rest of the
band down. Listening to it with earphones
is an interesting experience. they do say
some wild things there in the backtound.
Pleasantly suprising. Buckingham prov-
ed to be the most innovative Recording
most of his eleven songs on his hands and
knees while singing into a mike on the floor-
of his bathroom. he achieved a truly uni-
que sound. Unfortunately. uniqueness is
not always aesthetically pleasing. Though
his voice never sounded better. his guitar
playing was monotonous and lacked any
climactic prowess. Nevertheless. l
respected the fact that he was teaching for
something different. and was looking for-

from the boppity-bop pop
stereotype, and actually
said something. They’ve
duped us this time. I can’t
imagine even Fleetwood
Mac admitting they think

 

 Mirage is a good album.

 

 

  
  

7..“ rt

l
"I l. 1'.“ g

downright pretty. Overall. she would have
done better If she had continued in the

 
    
  

ward to watching his progress In his next at-
tempt. “Law and Order" fulfilled that pro-
mise. sadly, Mirage destroyed it.

"Book Of Love". “Oh Dlane".atid "Eyes
Of The World" are not only boring. but
rather trite. (Haven't I heard those titles
somewhere else? They sound so familiar)
Thoroughly overproduced, the
hush/swish backround vocals seriously
resemble one long contitious yawn. "Can't
Go Back" is his only tnelodically redeem-
lng song on Mirage. but lyrically it is ttot
quite as good. However. “She was just a
dream trinket/dreamer of sighs/Shadow
on the one who used to cry/A face its soft
as a tear in ii Clown's uyte/l wanna
bock/(Cun't go back. can't go backkl?
delights me lit thinking that Buckingham
might still be in love with Nicks. (I wonder
what his wife Nancy thinks. but after all
she is the one who titled the album, . 
“Empire State” has got to be the worst song
Buckingham has ever written. Enough said
about that.

This time around Stevie posseses the
best (and most overplayed) song on the '
album. White “Gypsy” reverts back to her t
same. old. overfamillar themes, melodical-
ly It Is moving. emotionally touching. and

 

 
 

 
  

same direction she was moving in after she
rocked out a bit on Bella Donna lluck»
tngham might have declared his endless
love for her In "Can't Go Burk". hut it
seems their love might be ltlulllill m but
song “Straight Back". "He remwnihuu llliW

good it can be/She tulllt'ttilit‘ts .t
melody/. . .Hours of waiting for Witt [so
strong ansd so fluetlttgl/Thu rlimm has tint
begun. . .(meettng this wiiyi/mimttht hark
now". Regretably. iii "’i'lmi‘s Ainqlit"
Stevie does her tragic imitation wt liuillv
Patton. and whatever l’urton i'itit it-‘i «tuttv
with Nicks should stay as for fItIlII .i» pout 
hie. Nicks' voice ls quite Illtt‘ ll itttl "
beautiful. in the lower riitigt-s. lt'tl nhm
she starts to swirl around Willi .tit\.lliti'.tl
above the moderately high tilto titli'ii' she
falls flat on her face.

Christine. perhaps the must [li“lt"v\liiildl
member of the band. sounds qt wit The
problem with her is that since iii.‘ dawn

 

 

 

   

“Warm Ways". “Over My Head . .iiiii
“Don't Stop" she has never SOUllili‘tl gimt
“Hold Me", erage's first hit is Clili'W. but It
goes nowhere “Love In Store" tlittl "Wish
You Were Here" (again. such nit'tilml
titles) are infinitely better. and Ullllt'l should
be the LP's next bit. since it is llit‘thillilt‘
that It will have another. though i mil titli'l
figure out why. It
BeachBoy/husbtind Dennis \khlwr. 
credit with special thanks and ilI‘-|titi"
but. too bad. he doesn't lillt'l .im r z '
licks,

lnstrutnentally the hand hm. .-l v is
most of it's herll- FlUL'lU/Illttl wood.
has gotten hypnotized by litt'i own di
"‘9 (does lit: L'Ver Ship") tillil “K " v‘ ‘
MCVle's Alembic boss. .1 Li l'li." l-wli
doesn't ball liltn out of tho fill” «in it. to *-
he’s plugged hltnself into

Another Rumours? Not quite NI-t wcii
Close. “'5 really unfortunate llii".""'
duped us this time. i cnn't littrttlttit' mum
Fleetwood Mac admitting that thiev Illlill‘
this is a good album. but i guess ilit'v'W
surrounded themselves with so Inm'li
hallucinatory hype they don‘t feel too lMIl
about bewltchlng their public. Ni'VL‘i
lhﬂleﬁs. it is our fault for making tlll5 “W
best selling album in the country. After all.
we are warned with the title. ll

wutm lit't

 

 

esplte the fact that he‘s not often
D considered one of the top conte-

dlatts performing today. Robert
Klein has made quite a name for himself.
The vastly diversified Comic appeared at
the University Gym Saturday ritght. and his
excellent performance may lead many to
issiude “Lilieritislr 112253.9901251b'ﬁ,‘ "53:.

Robert Schneider
The show. spo'nwsotEdﬂ‘li/i‘Sp‘eakeﬂrs
Forum. coincided with Parents Weekend.
and many parents were iii the audience.
Although the Gym was filled to capacity.
Klein's relaxed confidence made it feel
more like ilit intimate club.
Speaking of clubs. Klein launched his
career at the famous improvisation Club in
New York. The "linprov" has been the
testing ground of other famous comedians.
like Freddie l’ttnre and David Brentth
llcfore comedy paid his bills. Kluitt was a
substitute New York City school teacher
After he become successful. Klein begun tti
ustnblish himself lti other forms and
mediums. For example. he's been it fic-
quvnt guest and host of "The Tonight
Show." l’lc's hosted “Saturday Night Live"
and fits owti radio/interview program.
lle's appeared on nutneinus HBO
specials. both comedic and thctitttt‘til 'l'hu
forty your old Kk’tn has also released
.ilbutns «ind has been .i supporting thllIf ltt
several films. most notably l'Inriperwltlt
Burt Reynolds. lti addition to all this. he
started In the Broadway hit They're Playing
Our SongThere are very few entertainers
who have half of the references that Klein
posesses. He's clearly learned a great deal
from all these experiences. and he shows
this learning during his performances.
To say that Klein’s humor is universal is
not really an accurate statement. It's true
that his sarcasm can be understood from
coast to coast. but to really appreciate him.

here was a time last year when

I out of nowhere. the trendies in

London put away their safety

pins for good and began to dress up to

dance, New Romantics they culled

themselves and with the name came the

spare. the outlandish. the gloss without the
glitter {EIlSl'nllifl‘full definitely/in

Steve Gosset

(lrdiiitirilv the fttSllltHirtytltlltlit'l be the
thing. but it was it iufluction on llli' tnusit'
llllll was coming out Hptmdtiu l'ttlllifl.
Visitgti. .iiid ll reborn lllti.ivox It'd lllL' \vity.
toking techno-rock (till! more step Like lltt'
fosltioti. tt \Ulls devoid of emotion. ililL'ttllll'
tt-iitly curious and not fitted to lttst lit otliei
Winds it was it crushing llIITL’.

(liiught up iii the lititrkliislt \wtu Atlrtlll
tllltl llit‘ Ants. music but flops. itlliltt'sl :IS
quickly as they had risen to flit! top Not
that this was tllly great loss ’l'ht'ir shtick
was called Antmusit'. the lttnpust Ittillitltl)”
of (l concept this side of Chipmunk f’unk.

 

 

 

 

 

Adam B

 

 

Klein Cuts Up

Photograph by Amy Cohen (UPS)

it New York background is necessary. Born
in The Bronx. Klein gmduiitcd ftotit
SUNYA sports rlvnl. Alfred University A
recurring Joke throughout the SltttW was
about the rural backwardttess of his Alma
Mater What's enjoyable about .i Klein
show Is the way that he casually moves
through his material, almost as if he's Llfl'
libbing the whole thing lti fact. one of the
funniest moments occured when he went
to towel off. at which time he found his
"towel" to be made of paper. with the tux-
ture of sand-paper. This item gave Klein
something to comment on for ten minutes.
to the delight of the audience.

ugs Out

For lack of u better metaphor. the Ants
were the collective masses looking for
something new to dance to. indeed the
music was supposed to be the key to
whatever gratification you desired. Despite
lltttl. "Kings of the Wild Frontier". the A its
debut. is essentially (In usexunl statement
No mutter. the message was lost utnid lllt.‘
indulgent tittirtiul drtttnbunts. yeips. inur-
inuis .ind spaghetti western guitar licks that
were flailing mount! the album (If the some
time,

To “Take it short story uvun shorter.
Ad.ittt .md the Ants rode the crest for it
while. no doubt helped by the fact that they
WUIL' bniisliuu lllthU'UI) tllltl prtincud
.iiotind iii costumes llltll weie Slltllglll‘fllll
of it Bod l’liiyhtiuse production of 'l‘ltu
Photos of l’utimnce. They got to lllL‘L‘l
royalty. lltltl tl couple of tiumbei iilli.‘
smashes iii the U K tillkl before you could
soy oblivion. Afltllll wcnt solo. |ili)VL‘tl)ltlllV
stepping on the test of the Ants

"l'tlL'iltl or Foe". his debut. lots. L'VL‘tytiltt.’
know that he has the stuff that more

 

 

 

  

Klein tailored his mutt-rial well to a col
lugt' .tudiunrt: Sonic uxiitnplus covered
.igony over tilisttin‘t multiple choice qucs
titnis. along with what to do when
presented \vtth ussny questions that include
the word "comp-ire " His response?
“Shovel Please!"

’l'o sottteone who's followed Klein's
career. it's obvious that despite the. fact that
his jokes appear spontaneous. some go
back to his first record. Child of the
50's.Kleln informed me after the show that
his first album is selling at a store In Colonic
for fifty dollars. He mentioned the possibili-
ty of te-releastng it.

durable performers are made of. yet he
hasn't quite got the Antttnisic out of his
system.

The inigioittt- inducing drums are still
there Adan should have taken hypnotic
bctit lessons from ("titty (ilitltii‘ Ditto for the
pounding itiiiiitmusting buss line itiid mak-
ing till inauspicious encore from the lust
Ants tllblltll. is a 'l'ijtttiiiu Brass surplus
trumpet that iti limited doses delightfully
nds to the froth on the eminently danceable
“Goody-Two Shoes". But when it pops up
on virtuiilly every cut. it's n gnawing crutch
for the inherent litzines on the album.

Admit suffers tlilnughout “Friend or
Foe" and iii tutti so do we However his
malaise is a bit more serious. especially
when lit the realm of $8.08 list prices.
iuinely a dreadful shortage of ideas.

We get the latest additions to the time-

 

aspects on tuesday 7

Along with comedy. Klein performed

' two songs from They 're Playing Our Song.
| Since 1 Fell For You" and “Falling.” Both
of these were very well received by the

l huge audience. He closed the approx-
, mater seventy minutes show with a bluesy
tune best called "l Can't Stop My Leg."

iThls Is the same song he performed on
Late Night with David Letterman. and it

To say that Klein’s humor
is universal is not really an
accurate statement. It’s
true that his sarcasm can
be understood from coast
to coast, but to really
appreciate him, a New
York background is
necessary.

was just its enjoyable seeing it the second
time

All ill nll. few were left disappointed by
“he performance Klein definitely hits a
strong stage presence Most tokes went
over well. and those that greeted silence
were soon followed by laughter as the
crowd reacted to the silence It's a shame
that the show didn't go on longer. but Klein
announced that he was driving back to
New York that night, In response to a post-
show question about his future plans. Klein
informed me that he will appear in an up-
coming TV tnovte. and he's also in the pro~
cess of writing a script for Warner Brothers.
Now he's a writer?! What's left for him to
ban ballet star? (3

 

here. it’s just Adam's turn to unplug the
jukebox tllld sulk,

Also taking up spticc are various odes to
tltice~tnititite stardom. lndivnluully they
can be quite affecting. '"l’i oplt.I love people
hate. for my downfall they just can't
wait/When showbiz is (l dirty word. I hope
my little will come" he Hints on “Cruckpot
History" and the "Right to Lie", But Adam
wach autobiographical no less than four
times atid the disillusionment begins to
wear thin. Inspiration anyone?

And so goes the album. You have your
basic adequate dance dittics. line for pass-
ing the time away. totally tedious when
lumped together. and not much else.

For Adtttn however all hope is not lost,
'l'hete‘s probably a few Antpeople still alive
and kicking and ready to listen. The pro-
blem right now is their leader; hc's tired

 

_ H M 4,) r qutled bitter love catalogue. Nothing new landit'shows. . ._ _ . . Li
I5"' ta LKIin-"lnurb'1"‘)gx ‘lv‘A' -~r-- ‘ ,"l'-'~ ' ' "3
prrusl-nbunwx; X-IJ*..¢T1(.I7>1' i.- --,‘.l'L- roar;

 

“DB-

 

 

 

 

10

't5

Oh-

 

.M,;;

‘1

 

 

 

