 

  

f

Whose-mu I - r-aw-IIQMmuu-I alumna-.4. r- r- I I I 0 n u I n I.‘ -

 

_ ‘wosra' Camels:

l .

..., . ..

 

 

 

D’Amato Charges O’Neill

WASHINGTON; i),c. (AP) House Speak er Thomas F.
O'Neill (DvMassJ deliberately obstructed a compromise
on the federal budget to gain personal vindication and
political advantage. Sen. Alfonse D'Amato charged
Thursday. ' ‘

"i think tltc speaker did trot want a cotnprortiise to
come about for the fear the economy would turn '
around" and Presidertt Reagan would get the credit.
D‘Aritato told reporters at a breakfast tttcctittg. '

D‘Anraio said that tltc Republicans. as "the party in
power." would suffer greater political damage tltart
Democrats as it result of the breakdown of budget talks.

He said the Republicans may have prompted ()‘Neill‘s
alleged intrunsigence by gloating over their btidget vic-
tories last year.

D'Amato said he would be willittg to support delays in
the tan ctrt. reductions itt proposed defense spending. and
littiits on cost-of—living raises for Social Security recipients
and otlter federal beneficiaries. but only it' they were purl
of it comprehensive package to reduce bttdgcbdcl'icils.

Murderer Desperate Man

l‘()lJ(.‘HKl-ZI‘IPSIE. New York (AP) The special pro-
secutor in the Lemuel Smith trial said Thursday tltat a
rttotion filed by the convicted murderer was "tltc
meandering of a dcspcrttte mun." ‘

Smith. 40. of Amsterdam. N.Y.. is charged with the
May |‘)tt| dcatit of Green llaycit State Prisort guard Don-
na i‘uyruu.

.Smith filed two defense motions lvloiiday. which were
contained irt two lengthy letters to Dutclicss County
Court .ludge Rayruond Aldrich. The judge then ptistptm~
ed a hearing until Wednesday to give Special Prosecutor
William Stanton a chalice to respotid to the motions.
Aldrich I» to title on the motions on May ts.

In-State Gas And Oil

ALBANY. New York (AP) By the end of the decade.
New York may be getting it) percent of its natural gas
frortt in~state wells. .1 state official says -— and pcrltaps
more it' drilling in ‘northcastcrn New York is successful.

A new state advisory board composed mostly of iri-
dttstiy represctttatves met for the first little Wednesday to
begin clarifying state regulations on oil and gas drilling.
lltc board was created last year irt tcactiott to the btrrst
of drillittg and exploration in New York.

"it's altttost too good to be trite.“ said Greg Sovas.
chief of the Bureau of Mineral Resources iii the state
Department of [Environmental Conservation.

Sovas. wlto spoke before the board. said New York
supplied 2.6 percctit of its natural gas needs from 3.000
wells in the state itt Witt). 'lhat's expected to quadruple
by PM). he said. '

New Weapons Plan Offered

WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) The former cottttirttnder of
“,5. forces iii the Pacific proposed Thursday tltat the
.‘s'o.tct Union and the Untied States sutrcttdcr their
nuclear weapons. one at a tittte. for conversion ittto elec-
tric power plant fttels as a swords-into-plowshares step
toward ttisarruamant.

Retire Adm. Noel Gayler said his proposal could lead
to sharp reductions iii the nuclear stockpiles of both na-
tions without the technological disptrtcs that have block.
cd disarmament. it is sirttplc and easily verifiable. he
said.

At a news conference of the American Cornittittee on
lzrist-West Accord. a business-oriented group which seeks
to promote peace and trade. Gaylcr's idea was endorsed
by (ieorge l-‘. Kenrtan. U.S. ambassador to the Soviet
llrtiori iii the Truman administration.

Kemiutt called the idea “bold and decisive" and “very
remarkable. very We“ thought out. very imaginative.‘

Budget Talks Break Down

ALBANY. New York (AP) Talks between Gov. Hugh
Carey and legislative leaders to end New York's 1982
state budget dispute broke down Thursday.

Following a two-hour. prc-dawn meeting with the
hunters. Carey accused them of wanting to inflict "a case
of tiscal herpes" on the state. '

The breakdown came as Carey and the leaders secured
to be edging closer to an agreement to end a budget
dispute which has left New York unable to borrow about
5.1.5 billion it needs to make local and school aid
prtytitertts. ‘

('urey has claimed that the Legsilature wants to spend

 

 

.--”"nn'-m'u'ré “ta-Ii th‘c’s‘tatc‘wllt'c‘o‘tt'cét 91‘1"" "‘ "

  

3th tsn ..- n
. r .y. s [—l

  
   
    
   
 
     
  
 
  
    
 

 

.u.....~....-..r.....--..-.

Pentagon Politics

 

Dr. Gordon Adams. a prominent specialist on the
politics of the Pentagon and the defense budget. will
deliver a lcettire. "The Military Buildup: is it Really
Buying Security?" on Tuesday May 4 at 3:30 p.rn. in

‘ Lecture Center 23.

Dr. Adams is a Senior Research Associate for the
Council of Economic Priorities in New York City, and
the author of The Iron Triangle. a l98l study of the
politics of defense contracting. Since the publication of
this book. he has appeared on rttorc than l00 radio arid
television programs to talk about its subject. Recent ar-
ticlcs of his have appeared in The Nulimt, Business and .
Socie/y Review. The Ev'eculr‘ve. arid The Bullelin of the
Atomic .S'eie/iiixls. The lecture is co-sponsorcd by the
History Department arid the Political Science Depart-
ment.

For further information. contact Brttce Mirol'f. Dept.
of Political Science (4574785.

Drinking Diplomas

“Senior Nights at the Bars begins on Monday May 3 at
three downtown burs. To get ittto these establishments
you must present your senior curds. On Monday May 3
the Lampost offers 75 ccttt drinks. $2.00 pitchers and
discounts on food. That same night. the Longbrattch of-
fers (it) ccttt drinks and beer specials. 'l‘hc specials begin
at 9:00. '

On Monday May it). the Washington Tavern presents
pitcher specials and 70 cent drinks. beginning at 9:00
pm.

Rcv up your motors aitd don't forget your senior

24-Hour Brew

  

“24-Hour Coffee" is" brewing once again. From noon
Tuesday May it until noott Wednesday May [2. tltc
tltird floor Humanities Student Lounge will rcrttuin opcrt
for 24 hours.

Electronic rtittsic. quiet study. cltcrtp coffee riiid cake.
Dana and unusual events will be offered.

 

taxes and fees in the coming year and so he‘s vetoed
about $900 rttilliort front tltc $27 billion budget approved
by the Legislature on March 3!.

.911 Needed Statewide

ALBANY. New York (AP) The state Legislature has
been told that while a 0” emergency phone system is

' desirable statewide. tttorc study is needed before all com-
ntiirtities are required to implement it.

The Public Service (‘omrnissiou recommended Thurs-
day that New York should l'iitd out more about tltc cost
and design aspects of establishing ‘Jll eriicrgeucy systems
in communities across New York that do not already
ltave the service.

Only after the ohstrrclcs to such a system are known.
cart the state decide whether to icqutie the affected com»
munities to establish the systems. or to commit funds for
implementation.

In It)? . r.- l'SC directed all telephone companies to
modify their cetttrul office equipment to make tltc 911
emergency assistance possible irt all ct>rtirtttirrilies. Since
tltctt. (iii percent of tile stutc's population has bcctt pro-
vided access to stieli a system. according to PSC ('hair-
man Patti (iioiu.

MaganaNew President

SAN SALVADOR. El Salvador (AP) Dr. Alvaro
Muiiuntt. u politically. independent banker. was elected t

‘a-p‘t'oﬂli‘o'nutrpi‘estdem of'Bl‘Satviidor'by' rivet-mummy» 5:"

 

' Effectiveness (CPY I20) is intended to build vocabulary.

 

.’.-v..u.-.-.....'-.."mm.-.....I...nu“Ia-II.....--..--..-»--...V

. [Campos Bniefs

 

 

Sexy Lecture

 

Martin Weinberg. one of the worlds leading scholars
on alternative sexual lifestyles. will speak at State
University of New York at Albany on Wednesday. May

Weinberg will lecture oti “Sexual Orientation: its
development in Men and Women.“ at 7:30 pm. in the
Campus Center Ballroom on the University's ntain cant-
pus at I400 Washington Ave. The lectttrc is free and
open to the public.

The lecture is part of a series of lectures on human
sexuality sponsored by the University Seminar on
Htiman Sexuality. This lecture is' also being eo~
sponsoer by the Speaker's Forum of the University
Student Association. the Department ot'Sociology, and
Genesis. in student-run sex»iiil'ormatioti resource cctttcr.

Laser Music

 

Bit/I. Wltirr. Click. Beeep. Student composers will be
ptesetttitig art "Evening of Electronic Music“ sponsored
by the [Electronic Music Studio oti Wednesday May 5 iii
the P.A.(‘. Recital Hall at it pm. This concert is the
third iii a iii-annual series. A pre-eoiicert concert will be
held in the Recital Hall at 6:30 to “prepare the hall".
Laser effects will also be presented with tlic music.
Refreshments will be served.

Assembly Thursday.

The vote was 36-17 with seven ubstentions. it followed
several days of maneuvering between the war-torn Cen-
tral Arncricatt nation's centrist Christian Democrats and
fch rightist parties. ‘

The (SO-scat assembly was elected March 28 and was
empowered to choose a provisional president to replace
the civilian-military junta. rewrite the cotisitution and
schedule general elections. probably next year.

Magana. a 56-year-old U.S.-educated economist who
has headed the National Mortgage Bank for 17 years. is
considered an independent who holds tuodcrately conser-
vutivc views.

He has pledged to rmtke cconotiiic recovery his top
priority for El Salvador. where leftist guerrillas have been
fighting tltc ruling civilian' military junta since it came to
power itt October 1979.

Correction

Tlte Campus Briet‘.“Be More Effective in Life" in
'l‘ucsday. April 27 ASP was misleading. The cottrse
described. the Psychology of Aeadenti‘ arid Personal

increase reading speed. and perfect note taking skills.
According to Myrna‘l’riedlander. instructor for the
course. students must ftilfull standard academic rc-
qtu‘retnents. suelt as tests. and receive grades. '
1|“  WLil‘CtFﬂWxss Is I

  

 

 

 

  

 

   
 
 
   
 
 

 

 

   

 

R00 Surveys on Barnes and Noble

 

By TERI KAPLOWITZ
and CARLA FRIEDMAN

“.mﬁ
The majority of students rate
SUNYA‘s Barnes and Noble
bookstore as “pretty good." term
their prices "expensive." and
would support art SA run student
bookstore. according to a survey by
a Rhetoric and Communications
(RCO) class.

liour students in Professor
ls'aplan's (irotip Comtttunications
class surveyed 300 students. 60
faculty. and itttcvicwetl Buritcs and
Noble staff members. it was an at-
tcuipt to discover the campus at-
titude toward the bookstore and
possibly suggest an itittovative alter-
native.

47 pcrccttt of the students
surveyed rated Barnes arid Noble as
“pretty good" iii regard to perfor-
mance. bttt 58 perccitl rated tltc
bookstore as being “very
c,\pcttsi\c." according to a member
of the RC0 research group. Jay liii~
nis.

()rie studettt surveyed cluittied.
“At otltcr schools l'sc been to. tire

bookstores are usually in a corn-
petitiv'e setting. thtrs the prices are
less expensive.“

SUNYA Barnes and Noble
Manager. Marj Campbell. explain-
ed the bookstorc's expenses totally
absorb the mark-up. Site says that
salaries count for It percent of ex-
penses. shipping charges of te.\ts. 6
percent. arid UAS commission. 5.5
percent.

UAS General Manager. Nobcr'
Zahm. said that a discount on tcv-
tbooks would be virtually impossi-
ble. poitttirtg ottt the markup is a
standard 20 pcrcetii on textbooks.

linnis said survey results showed
56 pcrccttt of tltc students t'elt
SUNYA needed art alternative
bookstore. and 54 percent favored a
SAsrun bookstore which would
operate sitttiiai to a co-op, One stu-
dent surveyed felt.“lt‘s imperative
to brcak up (Barnes and Noble‘s)
monopoly setting." Artotltcr risked
"Where are you going to piit it.
But Zahni felt tltc implementation
of a rival store would, rtot create a
price reduction. "lhis isn't tltc
trcrticndous nitrikct people tliitik Il

  

 

 

New Marketing Fraternity to Begin at SUV YA

 

 

Y

\

\N ill/é,

I’

’ll””lo’,’o’lol’

. I
0.31.: .r.vr r. an

. ’ O
M. are. was Mr A t

 

  

tihttlu: Stir hlltttllt'hrl I'.\
A week of gorgeous weather aided HAP week. highlighted by to-
day's eruption of the famed fountains. The week was marked by
students and professors podlitting together and a race around the
perimeter Wednesday afternoon.
Modern dance — pictured here — mime. and juggling entertained
the podium crowds under the friendly springtime sun.

 

’lotiarrlI’lo"’o

Vice Chair

Secretary

The New York Public interest Research Grlpup.
directed and so ported by New Your State co age >
With students aetd other Citizens. developing citizenship skills and shaping public policy. Consumer
esp nsrbrlity. political retorm and secret iustrce are N

I I I I I I I I

1"“) III

is." he said. He evplained that the
hookstore‘s total profit is made
from sale of their non-testbook
items whielt is only 25 percent of
their total inventory.

Zahm opposed a hook co-op.
saying the students‘ initial invest-
metit would [win the 5200.000
range. H' also predicted stttdcnts
would find it very ltard to borrow
capital to cover monetary c\pcttsc‘s.

Zulttn‘said that a university iii
Cottttccticttt created a co-op and
lost $7(X).()00 iii the operation's l'irst
yeam , '

According to the survey. 63 pct-

‘ cent of tlic strrdettts l'ccl BatnC-s arid

Noble arc pretty irtesponsivc to tltc
students'. needs of ordering arid
receiving books on time. .
“For a monopoly. the rcspottsc is
mediocre.“ u sttidcrtt vsrote iii the
survey. Bttt another student recall»
ed. “My suitcinutc ordered a
book. .rnd received it promptly 
Despite a ittaiiuity dissatisluclioii
witlt Barnes and Noble. only 44 lts‘I'
ccnt stud they'd be willing to work
III a stridetrt~ruu bookstore.

   

By l~l'll.l('l.-\ lil'lROIiR

A trcw llillL'lllll\ is st.u true on llly'
SUNYA campus. l’l 's'n'nral psilott.
a national prolcssionul tiriternitv
focusing on Maltkcltlty'. Sales
Management and Selling.

AccordingI to one SUNYA stit-
dcttl. llilly Bertie. who has worked
on bringing tltc traternity to
SUNYA. “there are at least fifty iri-
tetcstcd sltttlcllls. So far tltctc's
bccti a core of five of us who are
collecting funds and working on
gaining recognition as a local
chapter of this nutiottul oigutti/u»
lion."

 

   

‘ It
iilmto- kurlt trarr t l's

 

liAS (it'llt‘rlll Manager ii. Norbert Iahm
lir'lrt'tr's l/ttrl stilt/mils tt'ttll/(I llilt‘t' rlr/iir'lrllt' rulvi/Ic ('tl/lIIt/l

llus lr.rtcinity will be opened to
all students interested Ill sales or
tnuikctiiig. not just students or
business.

However. the president til llclttt
Sigma Pi. one ol the present
business orgmii/attons. Is not happy-
with the dcyclopuieitt ol this new
ltatcttttty.

“We welcome arty organization
which offers students tltc chance to
prepare for the future. \\lulc Pi
Sigma l>psilon doesn‘t require as
cvtcnsiyc a corriittittiriettt. we feel
Delta 5' tttu l'i offers a wider range
of professional arid social activities
for tltc btisittcss student."

 

lint us Iicrttc csplaiucsl
"everyone lllh to have
business. doctors.

sortie
knowledge tot
lawyers. or anybody.“

.\ rush is planned for the beginn-
ittg of nest sctncstcr.

Sonic of the attractions of Pi
Sigma l-psilou include. Annual
(otivetttiotis. a tttotttlily riatiottul
publication. ttatioual awards for in-
dividuul chapters as well as ltclp

lltllll alumni already iii the profes-

s

sitinal world.

Already .‘t iccogtti/ed student
organi/atioti by the SA. members
of Pi Sigma Epsilon eagerly await
the beginning of nest semester.

Dairies Being Milked by Students

(CPS)Collegc students are milking
the dairy industry for millions of
dollars a year. according to tltc itt-
dtistry spokesmen. who cluitu tltc
colorful pluctic cascs used to ship
tttilk cartons are constantly lost to
sttidcitts. who use Him]! for
everything from record racks to
bookshelf supports to moving
crates.

The nation's dairies allege they
are losing a fortune itt stolen cases.
especially around college campuses.
The problem is so severe in some
areas that local dairics are pleading
with campus police departments to
ltclp tltent crack down on the stir-

I I I I I I I I I I I

dcnt.tltic\cs.

"it's a ttatiottwidc problem."
said Dave liereri. cscciitive assistant
attd economist for tltc Milk_ltt-
dustry‘l-onndatiou iii \\’ashington.
l).('. “in total. there are about
$100 ntillion worth of itiilk cases
lost per ycai. And that loss c\cn-
tttully works its way back to tltc
consumer."

The cases are typically stolen
front grocery store loading docks
arid dairy buildings. Bereit said.

"And it's theft just Iik ‘ arty other
kind of theft." ltc asserted. “liven
tltotrglt you're ttot walking out of
the store with it. you’re still steal-

l,”"”""”’

ing.“

While sttidcttts aren't the only
pill‘cicis of tltc plastic novelties.
Bctcri says that "it is really a pro-
blcttt around campuses."

Dairies near the University ot
Oklahoma at Norrtiart. for instance.
tin early April got a state law passed
tltut makes carton thel't punishable
by line and imprisonmettt.

"We've ltad to replace 25.000 to
30.000 cases a year." complained
Don Davis. presidcrtt ot‘ Gilt Edge
ﬁrm Dairy in Norman. “Many
people don't rculi/e the espense."
Itc espluins. adding that the cases

>eurrtinrrerl on page I3

'l’

rk Public Interest Research Group, Inc)

Treasurer

Office Manager

VPIHG'S principal areas oi concern.
‘1 I II I I I

. ('l'he o _
 Will be holding elections in the CC

Lobby on Wednesday and Thursday May '5 and 6 From 10am to 3pm.

Nominations are being accepted in CC 382 until 5pm }
Positions available: (2) State Board Representatives.

. An opeh discussion with
Local Board: Chairperson

.the candidates will take
place on Tuesday night,

May 3rd.

’I’I’l”

‘7pm in CC Assembly Hall.

""”

 

«mu-u.» urn-nuns . . .

Inc. (NYPIRG) IS a not-tor prolit. nonpartisan research and advocacy organizatton established. \
and universrty students. NYPtRG‘s stall at lawyers. researchers. scrontists and orgnnttets works \

protection. higher education. energy. fiscal

'ppwra’o”

     

I

 

 

