 

ll

 

 viii-514 ".l“/‘.’:'r(i't'."f?r Y‘J‘Jtﬁkkh t,‘ 9719‘s. H ‘iilii‘dlﬁ‘Y‘I’AZ

 

orld capse

 

Vatican denies accusation r

VATICAN CITY. lttrly (AP) The Vatican issued
an atrgry reply today to an Israeli accusation that
the Roman Catholic clttrrclr kept silent abottt the
massacre of Jews itr It'uropc dttriug World War II
The starerncnl said suclt an “insult to lltc truth“
could not go witbortt a reply.

The ltigltly unusual statement called the Israeli
claim "incredible." defended the church‘s record
and Itotcd Pope .lolrtt ’altl II has spokctt ottt or
tile isstrc on many occasions ittlcttdittg duinr. a
visit to the Mill deatlt catnp at Attschwitz‘in his
native Poland.

l'lrc Israeli statetrtcrtt was tirade by a senior oi»
ticial irr .lcrusalcm on Strrtday who was commen-
ting on tile scheduled meeting between tlte pope
arid Pl () chief Yasser Arafat.

Israel says the meeting. set for \\'edncsday at
the ’atiean. is it gone development and oflicials
of the .Icwislt state said tltcy will try to pt‘c\ctt| it.

llte meeting with Arafat threatens to outset]
the sometimes strained relations hctweett the
Vatican and Israel.

the Vatican has never gttclt oi'licial diplorrratic
recognition to isracl and tire two sides have also
been tlisided over several isstrcs itrcltrding tltc

slatrrs of Jerusalem. which the Jewish state cott-
siders its undivided and ctcrltal capital.

Miss America finds success

NICW YORK. N.Y. (AP) A conlidcnt Miss
America said Monday that the pti/cs attd latttc
tltat go witlt lter new title will enable ltct to “pur-
stre atty area | wattt to \ery successfully."

Debra Stte Malfctt. who was Miss ('alilornitt
before heittg crowttcd Miss America in Atlantic
City. N..I.. on Saturday. said site is especially
delighted with the $20,000 scholarship. which she
hopes to use for undergraduate arid graduate
degrees itt lrtrtsic at lrrnrar Unitctsity itr lter natirc
‘I‘esas.

Slte said site would like a career ill entertain»
merit. strch as being the host or a talk show. and
added. “Willi tltc scholarships attd notoriety. I
believe i cart pursu ‘ arty area I want to stay suc-
ccssltllly.

She said Monday shc ntigltt evett rrrrr for public
ollice some day.

Illlt. sh ' added. "'lt‘s characteristic of people to
want to give an—I can‘t think of a hellel nay
rltarr to he Miss America arid gl\c of myscll to all
the rttany people attd all the rtrarty Olgtlttl/ttlltitts
tltat l atn going to be a part oi this year."

Mob ties questioned.

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) A special prosecutor
said today tltat “there remains insufficient credi-
hle evidence" to conclude tltat Labor Secretary
Rayrttond .I. Donor an once had ties to ltttthstcrs.

In a report to the (LS. Court of Appeals,
special prosecutor Leon Silverman also said lie
was concluding his 9-month probe of tile Reagan
administration Cabinet officer.

In his IOU-page report. Silverman said tltcte was
not enough evidence “to conclrtdc that Secretary
Donovan was untruthfrrl when he testified before
the Senate Labor Committe ‘ and agrand jrrry as
to his relationship. or lack of relationship. with
Salvatore liriguglio. William Masselli and other
reputed organized critrt figures."

In an accompaning letter to the appellate court.
Silvcrman also declared: “To date there Itas heert
developed no evidence of any relationship" bet-
ween Donovan and the gangland-style slaying of
Nathan Massclli, the son of William Massclli, a
reputed mobster now serving a prison term on a
truch hijacking conviction.

On August 25. the younger Massclli', who had
allowed federal authorities to record several of his
telephone conversations with a lawyer for
Donovan's New Jersey construction company.
was shot to death in the Bronx.

“On the basis of the investigation to date. there
appears to be no evidence of a relationship bet-
ween the Masselll murder and Secretary
Donovan,” Silvcrman's report said.

 

 

Gathering of health pros

All budding Itcaltlt professionals take note: tlte
(enter for Undergraduate Advisement will have
general meeting on courses yotr should be takittg
and the like. today attd tomorrow at 4:10 in LC
11. llotb meetings will cover the same topics. so
you ttccd only to eomc'to one. for more informa-
tiort 'all 457-NJ3I. -

' Bad angle in Wewpoint

As was erroneously reported itt tltc l-resllman
\‘iewpoint. a sttrdetit cart itrdeed pledge Delta
Sigma l’i.,|lte professional brtsiness fraternity at
anytime. I lie student titres nor bare to be a junior
or iii itt tlte business school. bttt tnrist intend on be-
ing a business major and he accepted by the
business school irt his junior year.

Famin sex on campus

 

“Sev Role llebasior in the Family“ will he the
lirst topic in a series of colloqrria to he presented
this semester by the Women‘s Studies Progratn.
ltttlitlt lludson of tire Unisersily libraries will
make tlte ptcsetttatiott tomorrow in tile
Humanities | ounge. llll .154. front |l:l5 to |:3().

()lltcr colloqtlia will he Iteld every other
\\'cdnesday tlrrotrglrotrt the semester. for infor-
mation about subjects and lecturers. call
457-7595.

Poetry for dollars

lhe rtotcd newsletter \\'or Id of Poetry. is spott-
soring a cotrlcst for. you guessed it. poetry. with a
grand prize of $|.i)l)li. ()thcr pri/es arid awards
total over $ll).()l)(). ‘

Poems of all styles and on arty stthiect ate eligi-
ble for this cstlasagan/a. Rules. information
ahottt deadlines and entry forms are available
front World of Poetry. 14.1] Stockton lllvtl..
Dept. I). Sacretncnto CA. l)5r‘il7.

Insanity plea on trial

\

WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) President R 'agan
asked Congress today to tttakc it tottgltcr for
iuries to find defendants inttoccttt by reason of in.
sanity. the verdict Iltal cnahlcd presidential
assailant .lolrrt \V. llincklcy .l r. to escape convic-
tron.

lhe controversial three-point proposal. a pet
project of former local prosecutor artd now-
prcsitlcntial corrrtselot I~'d\vin Meesc “I. also in-
cltrdes provisiotts designed to make it harder to
escape conviction becattsc of taitttcd evidence or
to appeal to lcdetal courts after conviction in
state courts.

Chances of congressional passage this y or are
cortsidcrcd slirrt. In a letter to both houses of
Congress. Reagan said his new anti-crime
package. portions of which had been sent up last
year and subsequently dropped. would “help
restore the balance between the forces of law and
the forces of lawlessness."

Reagan didn‘t mention llincklcy irt ltis‘state-
ntent or when he told a nation radio audience on
Saturday that he would propose what he called
“common sense revisions“ in Irv . governing the
use of the insanity defense in federal criminal
cases. But he said the defense ‘ as been much
misinterpreted and abused."

A background paper issued by ’ttt.‘ White House
to explain the new bill said pit -r- l..w on the in.
sanity defense “permits the inn .rrtction at trial
of massive amounts of conflicting and irrelevant

 

 

I

ﬁ

Catnip” brief .
 , i

 

Volunteer your ear

 

The Refer Switchboard is having a fundraisirrg
phoneathon. You cart hpr with a pledge when
they call this weekend. ()r you can help by doing
sortie of tire calling. If you would like to volrrrttecr
your time. call them at 434420”. Wltilc you‘re at
it. find otrt how you cart be one of tire volunteers
that mans tltc switchboard. or one of their other
cottrtttrrttity services.

GALA social tonight

The (lay attd Lesbian Alliance will be basing
their first meeting arid social of the year tortiglrt at
tlz3l) itr (‘C 375. for rttore information call
457-4073. or stop by tlt - alliance office at CC ill.

SA needs a good person

The Student Association is lookittg for a ten
good men artd women.

Applications are being accepted until l-riday for
the positions of transportation Director. Solicita-
tion Director attd for membership on the l-Zlectiorr
Commission.

Positions are also open iii the S'\ ollice lot
secretaries attd for workers in tire Contact ()ll’ice.
Applications can be picked up ill the SA ollice.

lr'or trrorc information. call 4S7<tltitl7.

 

'Frucher featured at forum

 

 

 
   
 
  

The first Rockefeller l-‘orum of the )t‘tll will
feature Meyer I‘rucher. director ol the (ilHL‘l nor 's
Office of limploycc Relations, nest l’rrcsdas at
one. It's being aired live over \\’AM( , bill you can
see it live in the Assembly Hall.

 
      
   

testrrttony by psychiatric cvpcrrs, tltetchy corri—
plrcatrrtg the trial process attd deileeting the altcrr»
trott ol the jury frottt tltc critical issues.“

Koch favored in primary

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) R 'action was predictable
Monday to a poll that shows New York ('in
Mayor lidward Koch leading iii the Democratic
gubernatorial primaty, arid a clear favorite to out
the general election in November.

“We‘re happy that another poll shows us with
a strong lead," said Is'oclt spokesman Mar tin
McLaughlin. “But no one in this campaign is cv-
ing to let tip. including Iltc mayor.“ “

The AP-WNBC poll showed Is'och with art
ll-point lead over his primary opponent. l.t.
(iov. Marion Cuomo, arid an easy winner in
November against Lewis Lehrman. who was
favored ttcarly 9-to-l ovcr Paul Crrrran iii the
Republican primary. among thosepollcd.

Lehrman spokesman .lolrrr Buckley said figures
which show Lehrman outpolling (‘urran by (ti
percent to 7 percent in tire Sept. 23 primary Wift's'
"about accurate".

But Buckley said it was too soon “to pinrmittI
ltow people will vote" in the general election.

“I see a tremendous boost in Lew's support
when voters see a choice of either Lew or Ktts‘h 1"
lhe" governor." said Buckley. “We'll keep vilit‘l"
"lg away at any lead Koch might have."

Spokesman for the Curran and Cuomo cartr-
Paigns could net be reached immediately for cour-
ment.

 

 

By Dean Betz
El)! I'UR- lN-( ‘IIIEF

As the date of the Democratic
primary comes closer. to candidates for
governor are polishing their images. In
wltat scents like an afterthought, both
Mario Cuomo and Ed Koelt have paid
lip service to tlte students they have
generally ignored dtrring the rest of the
campaign.

For example. Koch's local office
made it appear the Mayor personally
desired campus media attendance at his
arrival at the Albany Cotrrtty Airport
last week.

Koch's higher edu'ation statement
stresses the use of TAP grants to sub
sidize college education. However. lie
is weak on SUNY. He has .said several
times that (iovernor Carey has dottc a
“hang-up job" orrtlte SUNY budget.
Iiowever. according to SASU [Esccutive
Vice-President Scott Wcs'Icr, 78 per-
cent of TAP ftrnds goes to private col-
Icges.

l-Ivcn Mario Cuomo. llte carrdidalc
rrrarty believe is tlte strongest srrpporl
of SUNY. keeps irt trtitrd the political
potential of lltc independent colleges.
In a press conference irt Manhattan
yesterday ltc told a group of sttrdcrtt
journalists and leaders tltat. “I think
we Itave to continue to keep this tticc
balartcc between the state arid tltc
private sector."

lttstead of a personal invitation to
watch the Mayor of New York step otrt
of a chartered Beech King-Air. the
ASP \‘as told that the Lieutenant
(lovernor planned a press conference
with editors of SUNY newspapers.

Upon arriving at the press conv
fcr'cnce. we discovered that tltc ASP
was the only SUNY paper at the
meeting. The rest of the students were

SEPTEMBER I4, 1982 D ALBANY IS’T UDENT PRESS 3

Koch and Cuomo campaign for SUNY suppOrt

 

J
.lt‘tllt
rrtlttaur

local l.cw York college leaders and
journalists.

Several of tire student leaders qui//~
irtg the lieutenant governor during the
ntcctittg were later scctt carrying
Ctrotrto placards orttsidc to a Cuomo
campaign truck.

After a long. dramatic reply by the
candidate. one testified. "My name is
("back Santagilo. I'm the chairman of
the strrdcrtt body of the public ad-

NYPIRG’s increased confidence
produces an ambitious agenda

" Try iii'r’vcliiiiriikirr
\IIII Illt’llllt' ‘

,-\ sutnmcr Iras passed sittcc llte New
York Ptrhlic Interest Research (iroup
rccot'dctl its biggest legislative victory
—~ the .Iunc passing of the “lioltle
llill.“ With irtcreascd confidence in
their political clout. the nonpartisan.
student oriented consumer groltp has a
new wagon of projects to tackle.

NYPIRC. has reason to be confident.
last spring they overcame a ltigltly-
financed. politically powerful beverage
industry opposition to help lobby the
“Bottle liill“ irtto law.

'l'beir l'all agenda lists voter registra-
tion. trtility costs. attd tape as their
rnairt projects.

With November's elections rapidly
approaching. NYPIRG‘S rttost im-
mediate concern is their sccortd an—
tttralvotcr registration drive.

"Last y‘ar svc got tnorc students
registered to vote than any college

in our history, " said Alhatty NYPIRG I

Chairperson Shawn l-‘ord.

Working in coalition with the Stu~
dcrrl Union. SASU. SA. and the Off-
Cantpus Association. NYPIRG plans
to cortdrrct drives on all five quads. In
addition. NYPIRG has set up a voter
registration table in the Campus
Center.

So far the turn out has been en-
cotrragittg. “It‘s beert very positive."
said Ford. “People have been cornrng

or prompting."

l-‘ord upcoming
guhenatorial good media
coverage. arid arid Itotly~contestcd
issues lor good slrrdentturrt otrt so far.
btrl says he‘d like to see more students
toting ill November.

“Under the current lulministration.
consumer artd edrtcational issues are of
prime importance." Itc said. “Students
are finding their financial aid cut or
eliminated. It is up to tile students to
cvercisc their constitutional rigltt to
voice their opinion. Studertts can't rely
on any other group to defend their in-
tercsts."

Another project that Ford Itad
devoted rnttclt little to ill "1? past is the
establishment of at Citizens Utility
Board. The CUB would be a statewide,
citizen—controlled organization airttcd
at improving consumer representation
at Public Service Commission hear-
ings.

Funded by voluntary contributions
from utility customers. the Cl JB would
hire lawyers. accountants. and rate
analysts to argue tltc cttstomers‘ posi-
tion when trtilities reest rate increases
from llte PSC. .

“It will allow citizens to organize to
tnakc more effective use of the rights
they already have." Ford stated. “This
year we're working with candidates for
ptrblie office to make sure we get a
commitment from them on the CUB.

ct’ctlilctl Iltc
election.

t

 

DEAN BETZASP
ministration program at Coltrtnbia.
arid I‘d like to make note of my warm
endorsement of of Lieutenant (ios -r-
rtor Cuomo for governor."
Santangilo's confession was followed
by quiet applause from several other
students.

SASU President Jim 'l‘icrncy arid
Wesler ltavc formed strong opinions
about the l)emocratic candidates.
especially concerning Itigltcr education

 

 

issues. Wexler believes “that Mario
Cuomo is obviously more informed on
student issues than Ed Koch’s educa-
tion expert."

Tierney stresses personal differences
between the candidates. “When (Koch)
was a congressman. you could really
‘all hint a super-liberal. Now that he’s
going for governor. he's gone totally
the other way. He's become hard-
assed. He's become a fiscal conscr-
vative. really just a neo-eonservative.
lle‘s Itard to reach. and anybody who
disagrees with him is a wacko. Mario
Cuomo. he‘s able to listen. He's a

‘political liberal. but he's a fiscal con-
servative. He's approachable.

“Mario Crrotno Itas already corire
otrt for incr'ascd TAP, to make up for
defceiencics from lltc federal govcrrt-
ment, to oppose the $200 TAP
decrease that comes between your
.sopltorrrore attd junior years. He‘s
corrte orrt for student voting rights ——
they‘re .ery strong statements. Your
literally can‘t get these statements out
of the Koch campaign." Ticrrtey add-
ed. .

Wcsler conceded that with New
York State‘s hrtdget constraints. there
would be little pratical difference bet-
ween candidates of either Democratic
aor Reprrblicart parties. “The three of
them (Cuomo. Koch. Lehrman) will
he probably be equally difficult when
rtrorrey is tigltt. Obviously Cuomo i;
mnelt closer (to SASU) philosophically
than Koch or Lehrman. and Koch will
at least still remember the day when he
believed ill rights for all people. It
wasn't too many years ago when he
was a progressive congressman from

'Ncw York City. He understands whata
those things are about. Lehrman has
no conception of that. Just not at all.'l

M UPS

NYPIRG Project Coordinator Jane Greenberg
New projects Include voter reg/stratlon, utilities, and WJmen's safety.

support since tltc CUB won't use lav
money."

A project new to NYPIRG this year
concerns rape. While still in the
dcvclopntetttal stages. plans to survey
local rape crisis centers and support
groups are being discussed as well as
educational orttrcaeh programs desigtv
ed to inform tltc public of upcoming
legislation concerning rape.

But if these projects are to become as
successful as the bottle bill effort,
NYPIRG officials feel that problems
such as funding and student apathy
must be resolved. Through a referen-
dum to increase the student activity fee
——- NYPIRG‘s major source of funding
— was overwhelming passed in last
year's student election. it~failcd to
become. law. v . ,

4 r
to our tables ‘withotrt encouragement ill'S'hard for them to justify theirnon- . "‘The SA has a stipulation that states

all referendum will only be binding if
20 per cent of the student body turns
out to voted." said Jane Greenbcrg
who. as PTUJCCI Coordinator, is the on-
ly non-student naid staff member in
'rc SUNY/Y'Hntj-‘cl’. "We ptrlled l9.6
,per cent of tne ' trtc. We had enouygh
vote. that if38 people ltad v01 rd. either
way. we would Itavc won." ’
NYPIRG activists maintain that if
tlte furtding vote was last year’s biggest
disappointment. the bottle bill victory
helped ‘ase tlte pain. “It was out
greatest victory of the year," said
Grecnberg. pattsing for a moment bet-
wcert pltonc calls and interviews to
reminisce. “ inch of the students who
worked on that project affected the
lives of the people of New York State. I
don’t think you. can: feel more emu.
powered man that." ' -

 

.l,‘..|l :..rr‘r.r.r , I'llllllluvlll

r r

s

 
   

l

.u-wntttst‘r

.r: Mrs"'r-ia‘kytanwwthxwwﬂwﬁwmu“

