 
   
   

 

usin—Z'u‘i:  A: v

"max, _

patina:

. .. as“. »

 

   

 

 

f'E  t r o

n t A.

 

 

“Just like the alligator in the sewer or the
automatic 4.0 if your roommate jumps out a win-
dow during finals week, the ASP seems to ac-
cumulate its share of folklore. most of it false. it
seems like it would be a good idea to start off the
year on a positive note, so the first editorial of the
new school term is good time to talk about this
paper.

The ASP is rttn as democratically as possible. The

Editorial Board is made up of the spo‘l’ts. news, and .

aspects editors. the production and business
managers. and the managing editor and cditor-in-‘
chief. The Editorial Board elects tlte editor:in-chicf
and can impeach him or her. The Editorial Board is
this paper — all of the policy decisions are made by

It’s ., the alligator in Exxon’s sewer .

the Board. and the editorial policy is ultimatly at
the discretion of the members of the Board.

No one on’ the paper recieves academtc credit for
working on the paper. Most of us don't get patd
either. although editors are stipended and there are
some salericd positions in the business and produc-
tion departments. The editor-in-chief makes $900 a
year. ,

\The ASP is the only newspaper in the SUNY
system — and one of the few college papers tn the
nation —— that is financially independent. We
rccicve no money from the university or Student
Association. although the university does give us
our office space. One hundred percent of ortr
revenue comes from the advertising space we sell in

 

C'OL

 

UMN

 

 

On the road again

Last week President Reagan took his traveling
road show to Manhattan. Kansas.

l'ravcling sittcc the show opened itr Washiugtbn
on a cool .lantrary day irt Will. Reagan and his
merry trotrpe ol' ucandcrthal thinkers have succeed-
ed in kccpittg tltc American people off balance.
Never stay too long in one place (including the
White House) is Reagan's motto. l’rolonging a stay
anywhere ortly assists the people in reali/ing they
havc seen this show before and panned it very badly
the first time.

[Robert Martinaro

“Ronnie‘s l95tl's Revival" suppOscdly is deliver-
rng us from tltc c\ll.s ol' orrr contemproary
ltcrtthcnistic culture. The sins of our present '
lit'cstvlcshttccordiug to Reagan, can only be atoncd

 

 

try tltc actions ol'otrr past—-—or more specifically. the
philosophies oI ottr past.

lrr Kansas. Rortrtie took its back to the days when

good girls didn't get pregnant and bad ones didn‘t

get abortions. prayer started our days itr school.
"bcttcr dead than red" was the cry of the day. and
real men didn‘t eat quiche.

Reagan stated he would like the children of today
to begin their school day similar to the way (‘on-
grcss begins its day. l‘lttsltittg across my cerebral
screen were llrc words “hungover” and “prostitu~
tion." My cynicism is obviotts thouglt llt)l necessari-
ly unwarranted.

All specifics aside for the moment. Reagan is tak-
ing us back down a merry path irtto the léiscnhower
years. He must have lost sight of the passing years
being hidden away starring irt all those ll tnovics. .
|)ocsn'r R 'agan reali/c yesterday‘s values and
philosophies are of little use in today‘s world? His
actions demonstrate he failed to even reali/c that.

Let us cvamine the component parts of
"Ronnie's l95t)’s Revival“ traveling road show.

Reagan's cconotnical program is tltc cornerstone
of the traveling road show. These programs.
ltowcvcr. have succeeded only in dividing the coun-
try and its people both philosophically and
economically. inflation has declined; this is ‘truc.
littt with ttncrtrployrncnt rising toward pie-World
War II levels. tltosc of its unetnploycd or in meager-
paying jobs t'ind inflation secondary to basic sur-
vival.

These inflation statistics which the government
throws our way are very misleading and lull 10
demonstrate working class reality. A drop in the.
price of homes and cars may statistically bring
down the inflation rate. bttt a working person can'
little at't'ord these luxuries when the price-5‘ 01' low!!
and fuel keep rising. The prices of cars and homes
may offset tltc rise in' food and fuel costs statistical-
-ly, but tltcy fail to offset each other in ottr pocket-
books—tire working person's reality.

’l‘trose who can afford those luxuries. needless tc
say. concern themselves little with inflation. Com-
modity wise. America‘is turning back ittto a two-tier

society. Those who have and those who suffer. The
great American dream ol‘societal parity is not only
dead and buried but obsolete in our mindsets.
Reagan's financial policies do little else than
segregate the economical classes fttrthcr tltan they
already are.

Congress, on both sides of the aisle. has offered
little assistartcc. With sttddcn need to r 'adjust the
government‘s financial footing. it is the workitrg
people who are getting ltit the hardest. While the
government cracks down on waiters and waitresses
attd their tips. which are their sole tneatrs of keeping
tlrcttt above the poverty level, the fat cats of
America are getting away. untttscd. witlt their tltrcc
tnat titti lunches. lilatant is the disparity. Criminal is

 

the thinking. The working person is represented

neither in the White llortse nor in tire Congress.

Reagan's Iotcign policies are just as archaic as his
ecortotrrical policies. llis stand agairtst the gas
pipeline from Russia to Western littropc is only one
c\ample.

Ronnie thinks we will be depriving the Soviet
government of needed and wanted funds to build
up its military might. Home of the rnottcy tttiglit go
for military purposes. llut with the Russian harvests
reaping less and less and the Russian economy
needing l'ittttncial infusions. an educated guess is
that that tnoucy will go toward purchasing food and
other corrrrttoditics for the Russian people.

Reagan continues his opposition to thc pipelittc
by stating that Irnce the pipclirtc is in place and
working. the Soviet government could use it to

 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  

 

each issue.

Although we’re financially independent, we
strongly keep our ties to the‘ campus. we're an SN
recognised group. but we do like to stress that we're
not SA funded.

The ASP is incorporated. That's how we manage
our money. But please don’t confuse us with cor-
porations like Exxon. Gulf. and Shell. V

We don't have any single binding ideology, so...c
of us are liberals. some of us are conservatives, and
'some of us are progressives. Some of us are Jews,
and some of us are fundamentalist Christians.
Some of us are athiests, and some of us are littd.
dists. Most of us share a consuming appetite to.
newspapers, and a lot of us are brg fans of the First
Amendment. For that matter, some of us are Mel
fans. too.

When you sum it up, we’re students. Sort ol like
you. Like anybody else. some times We do it tyre...
job and some times we really blow rt.

We‘ve got an interest tnecting Monday,
September 20 at 7:30 in LC 7. if you‘re interested,
drop in there or stop in the offices up tn the ( ’rttttprry
Center. There's usually somebody around.

blackmail Western l.-Iurope. Doesn't Reagan truth/t-
that that tactic Would be of little use or the Sottvts’
They need the money as rnttclt as Western t tttopc
ttecds the gas. Very few nations have cttt oll illt'rltl
to their people for the sake of art idealogical st.ttttl,
it tends to lead to insurrection on the part ol those
people. Politically. this blackmail might work lo| .r
few months. htrt economically, the results would ht-
as disastrous for the Soviet Union as it would i‘l' lot
Western littropc.

l-‘inally. the sanctions Reagan placed on till”-
panics dealing with Russia for pipeline lllillt't|.lls
luts lurrt tltc American worker. (icncral lilCt'llIt’ itr
Schenectady laid oil workers itr part of its pktnt
who were working specifically on tnatcrials ItII tltc
pipeline. While other cottntrics and other {mitt-rd
are doing this work. tnorc Americans are iotttittt.‘
tltc ranks of tire ttttctnployetl. 'l'hc ltypoctuct l‘tlt‘\
on ad lit/infirm]. "

With Reagan's cconortrical and foreign |ttri|t|.'\
lcttding thc'rctrcat into the |‘)5()‘s. Reagan is totrtt
ding ottt his traveling road show with societal \.Illtr_‘t
hour the l95t)’s.

During his spccclt itr Kansas. Rortttic spirit it‘ll
for prayer in pttblie schools and spoke otrt .rvstrtr-t
abortion. it does seem l'itting ltc would ltlltlg‘ rlrr \.
two crrrotional issttcs to national attention l\'.l
tionalc has no place itt Reagan's rttltriirristr.ttr<rtt
Why not bring two very ctttotionnl issues lot it r'trlv
to light over"? the light rttigltt detract the putt ’
attention from tttrcrrtploytrtctrt and the till 1 rt
question. Divide and conquer cotrld lrc l\'t‘.t or-
campaign tlrctrrc for WM.

We. as the people who clcctcd Reagan illlti \ltl'
can t’L‘ttitH‘L‘ him. are in no position to ltttt'ct u. u.-
unemployed. Nor are we going to totch that H
clraic ttuclcar policy Reagan is professing. t |lt.tll\.
we will refuse to forget his intcrl'crcncc itt out til
sonal choices, whether it be our method ot lrrtllt
control, or how, when. attd where we pray.

Reagan‘s traveling show has turned itrto :t IIv -tl~
show. Let us close hint and his show down bctort itt’
trtcs for another four year run.

Mam 'tlt curvature: W

College Prue Service

   

1 . V  I “1".”
N  «.11.:

Ill.
as

    
  

    

i.
3;.
g.’

 

 

  
   

via:

 

 

 

pl!

‘Unsafe ﬁre policy

To the Editor:

Although [no longer live on campus. a disturb-
'ng new policy ltas been brought to my attention.
1nd I feel obligated to speak out. i was shocked to
learn that the new the drill policy no longer reqttircs
R.A..‘a to open suite doors and check all bedrooms
for people who may not have heard the fire alartn
or who may have tltotrglrt it unnecessary to leave.

last December 9 at approvirirately (rtl5 prrt. a t'irc

; broke ottt itt ottr sttitc in State tower. the three tr!

9%

us who were itt the sttitc at the tirtrc ran down the
\lllll\ iii a hurry. past many people who were slowly
moving alottg and complaining about fire drills,

3.. remembering the false alarm ol the trtor tritrg before.

her youc left because they kttcw that false alat It] or
not. it' they were caught in their roorrts by an R.A..
they cotrid be itt a lot ol'tr'oublc. thankfully. noonc
was hurt.

Once people understand that no one will come
lookitrg t'or thctn, they will rctnuitt itt their stritcs.

.' ’()tltct‘s who might ltavc left if they had heard tltc
ittlurms. may be sleeping too heavily to awnkctr
‘ witlrotrt someone shaking them. it is art ititcrcstittg

note that the woman whose rootn initially caught

 

 

ide by side by Stein

 

r
E
t
‘i

 

KV Mm.
Newsprint ‘51

 

 

 

W
the was the heaviest sleepcrin'the suite and could
only be awakened by another person. Since she
slept with the door locked. it‘ the. fire had occurred
five or six hours later. she would probably have
btrrncd unless an R.A. was able to unlock her door
and wake tier.

i believe this new policy is dangerous. attd can
only cause injury in the event of a fire. .
—Mudelyn E. Kelstcln

ROTC vs. liberty

To the Editor:

Asa sis year veteran of the University at Albany i
should like to take this opportunity to voice my
view on the R()l(‘ isstrc. which undoubtedly will
not disappear hour this year's headlines.

i read with interest last year's icttcrs from sup-
porters atrd protesters ol' the program. and | cru-
patlri/c with Rich 1 erucr's claim that allowing the
military on campus violates basis acadctnic
l‘tcedotn. After two scmcstcrs' worth of statements.
lcttcrs atul articles | now stand convinced that the
Washington's belligerent. self-righteous foreign
policy to keep their trtotrtlts sltttt. the impression is
existence of Rtil't‘ and its subsequent scholarship
criteria are an affront to all those students. faculty

' 1

,and'staf who neither fit nor approach thehptv'o: V

'totypr of sexuality and'private behavior established;
:by the government. The line,“with liberty and.
justice for all” is‘enough for a comedy routine if
our own system becomes deaf to it at opportune
.rimcs.

My own cdnccrl in that thl‘ﬁtilitary can now ex-
ude repressive psychological pressure 'on those
SUNYA individuals who do not favor
’also given to the Capitol District that the govern-
ment's militarism is somehow condoned and sup-
ported by the university. _

Let me close with this quote from Sinclair Lewis"
I! Can 7 Happen Here as the Rotarians are address-
ed by General Edgeways:

"Why, here. as recently as three years ago, a
viclrenirrglv big percentage of students were blatant
nucif ts, wanting to knife their own native land in
the dark. But now. when the shameless fools and
the advocates of Communism Iry to hold [loci/is!
Irrcclr’ngv—whv, ntvfriertdv. in the past five mon-
I/ts. since .lurtuurv firs], no less than seventy-siv
.vuch avltibilionislic orgies live been raided Irv their
fellow sludenrs', and no less than fifty-nine div/oval
Red v/udcnts' have received their just deserts by be-
ing beaten up so severely that never again will Ihey
mire in this/rec comrer the bloodslailted banner of
anarchism! Thul. Irrvfriend. is NE W8!"

l ltopc you at the ASP never will have the occa-
siort to report such news happening at SllNYA.
Good Luck!

  

—.lohn (Johannes) I’arker

 

 

 '81

rockv Mm. Newa-NEA

 

 

I WaéN’T aLWaYa Like hub.
I W68 6 U6. EenaToR! THeN I
GOT cathtT Will a CONGRe§5toNaL
Paee. One PeRveRé'roN LeDTo
aNoitteR aND aNOTr-leR UNTIL-w
UNTr'l-""éoBl“"I VOTeD 13 Raibe
Taxes iN an et.ecTt0N YeaRt

   

  

 
 
    
     
   

   
  

  

     

 

 

College Press Service
r

 

"-7

Letters to the Editor1

 

We welcome letters to the editor. and ask
only a few things in rettrrn. All letters
tttust be signed and include a phone
rttrmber where we can contact you. We
may withhold your name from publica-
tion on request if the subject matter war-
rents such treatment.

 

 

We request that letters be typewritten

 
 

Edltorlal
New. Edltm .
AIM" Edllor . .
howl-Illinois Edltor .
Bound Edltor . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vlllon Editor . .

 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 

. Mark Hammontﬂorl Keplowltx
. . . . Dabble Mtltmln

. Megan O.Tnylor
.. Robert ﬁchnoldor
.. Damien VInDanburgh
spon- utter: . . . . . . . . . Mlnttul Cannon. Marti anel

Meant-to loom Edltor .. . . . . . . . . . . . . Marti tie-nor
Editorial Aullllnt: Bteve Gonatt, Ell" writ-re: Mllto Beneun. Flay Caltgluro,
Bonnte Campbell. Kan Cantor. Hubert-Kenneth Dtokay. Bill Flutter. Mlku

' Pntl Plvnlak. Linda Qulrrn, LI: Retort. MI'O sorry/m. 5mm"! and mum
Editor. Rout Glnabora.

Business
Donnie Invent. Bullnnl Men-our
Nady lrodor. Auoalulo Bullneu Mun-per
Janet Drettuu. Advert/slug Manny-r

  
 
  
   

 

 

 

 

 

‘ Gordon. menu-n Int-Id. Dobth Judge. Donna Machllln. Dnvtd Mlanulm. w

Elllblllhod In I."

Dull Iota. Edllol In Chill
Wayne Peonboom. Mannylng Edllar

   
 

Production t
Jaclt Duroehllg. Produatlan Mlltlﬂll

Chm Typouttot . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Clint. Ryan

VmIoaICInmI  .. Bill Bonttln

Panto-up: David Mlcm Ion That .1on Bulk, Joanne Glldanluvo,

Ellubcth Hoyrnln. Mug-n 9. Taylor

Photo raphy ~ Y
Suppllod‘p nulpllty by Unlvmlty Photo Service. I student group

Chm Photographer: DIV! Alhor. UPI In": Llufl Boullck. Alan Client. Karl
ctrln. Amy Cotton. Sherry Cohen, Dnvtd qun. Davtd Lapel-tut. Lots Mat-
Iebont. Alan Mantle, Sue Mtndloh. Mark Nelson. Bun- SIalnlt-mp. w-mn
Stout. Marty Welcoo. Gull Wat-on. wttl Yunnan

lntln content- qonyrtgnt t!) the Albany 'IMMI hoo- Corporation.
rm Albany Student mu h ruudnn Ind Friday- between

John Trotano. so!" Mun-per
. ' r 3 [MAIN l (MI Caron” . nldo Mull
because it makes them much caster to read . “mama” MN“ :zzmpmlrmm ny my . m. . ,. ,.
(You wouldn’t believe the handwriting mmﬁm'ﬂ" """"""""""" " .ArtuioKellowltx mat-tun Ivmtonbrtho Intricmmtrxzm. om. earmm
~' " ..J nllerﬂlook loam: nouertuutvocrta mm 7
some people have). We reserve the r tght to  Willem...” 4mm». polleydounetmuulynlbﬂodmmlpoﬂcy.
‘ ' i . . .. . . . . ..  Mulleanunnun . um
um [or length. Mmmziwgco Common liner Horn. Debbie lllbul, Mlnoy ' Atufgmtmu‘egm
Barnum-n. Nell Bun-man. Montana Production Imogen: Mlndy mu; "mum
Horowltz. Suun Pnrtmnn. Amhlng Production: Rant Cltnltma. Mlottetlo m” “1y. i L
Horowtu. Elllno Runyon.” , . . "alum".

 

 

 

 

 

 

._v

l
t

 

