 

 

 

' ﬂesh/Me. 71198.2

 

.\ or
lXOIl °
D .
time of the redmen has not yet come again.
transfered Into SUNYA as a junior.
In short. as I finally leave now. l've been here
here twice. My first college was a small one.
campus. was starting at the same time as
SUNYA was different.
aquaintence introduced me to Stu Mirtranga.
review of Visconti's last film. The Innocent.
ever since.
for that. I don't think I would have ever

"Why should the Tamenud stay? The
pale-faces are masters a] the earth. and the
My day has been too long."

--J. Fenimore Cooper

I and stayed on for two years after

graduation to go on to grad school.
as long as those who came here as
freshmen. The difference is that l've been
about one-tenth the size of this place. and It
was easy to get noticed. There I lived on
everyone else and. In short. had little trouble
establishing myself.

Jim Dixon

Someone with whom I had a casual
who at the time was editor of ASPects. i
wrote a sample film review for him——a

and Stu put me on staff. I've written on the
average of one review for the ASP a week

For three of the four years I've been here.
I've been an ASP staffer. and If it hadn't been
learned to like SUNYA. My first year I felt
‘ost most of the time in between classes I

watched l'V III the Campus Center lounge.
«orrretlinig i never really liked l was only
here to go to classes. That was never enough
to satisfy are

The /\.‘-.'l’ L hanged that something for
which l'll always be grateful l'd been a film
i.tit .it II‘I/ hist \t liool. but that had been on
' tho. in addition to being a dim; iokey and a
:wscauter it no .ri't my primary thing aiul it

one
so ‘vrsron ‘

4.

The En

wasn't In print. The first time I saw my own
byline I absolutely freaked. Stu told me It was
“fourteen polnt helios." which didn't mean
too much to me. but It sounded damn Im-
pressive. And it was seeing movies for free
again. something I've always found conve-
nient. since I see an average of four or five a
month whether anyone’s expecting me to
critique them or not.

Everyone has to have a hobby. but
movies. for me. became a full-blown obses-
sion sometime before I left high school. More
than once I've had the urge to see a movie.
looked In the paper. and found I‘ve already

ble signs of wltlrdrawl after less than two
weeks of deprivation.

l'iri not saying it's healthy. but that's the
way it is. The two things i love more than
anything else are writing and movies Ob-
viously what l'd love to do more than
anything else is write movies. but Hollywood
doesn't go out of its way to recruit. Why the
hell should it" Everybody wants to be in the
inovws. so Hollywood 1‘, swarming with
hopi'luls. Most of them have no talent. but
you iliar't need many new geniuses One a
year gives Hollywood all the new blood it
can handle Until such time as my name is

 

 

 

up In lights I'll be more than happy to write
about film anywhere someone will give me
the space.

The ASP has generally given me the
space. Since my first year writing reviews
here. I've reviewed films as diverse as Break-
ing Away. Apocalypse Now. The Rose,
Cruising. Foxes. Don '1 Answer the Phone!.
1941. Best Boy. and Raiders of the Lost
Ark. Looking through my pile of clippings.
I've found reviews of of movies I can barely
remember seeing.

All of those reviews can be found In what
they call. appropriately enough. the

 

strange experience. The names. once you
go farther back than your own first year on

campus. are unfamiliar. The reason. of
course. it that we're only here for a certain
length of time. which society expects not to
exceed four years. There are people on this
campus who probably don’t know who Jay
Gissen Is. as strange as that seems to me. (if
you don't know wlro .lay Gissen Is and want
self-addressed. stamped

to. send me a
UHVVlUDA.’ and I‘ll fill you in )

l've written enough copy to take up sortie
considerable space in the morgue which is
as much Immortality as anyone gets. Some-
day. someone looking tlirotigh it may stop

Christopher Street Blues

artners is a perfect example of a
I good idea goni: bad This is hard-
ly a rare occurence Iii Hollywood

films that attempt to both enlighten and at-
tract the masses. For Hollywood. enlighten-

Mark Rossier

ing the masses means telling them things
they don't want to hear while attracting them
means appealing to the lowest common

 

 

 

A

schedule at SPAC for May 30. The

inn.
Box Office will be open throughout the day.
(June 26); and Joan Baez (June 27).

“Symphonic Fantasthue."

(August 1); the Preservation Hall Jazz Band

SPACIs Back .

schedule of more than 25 Special Events concerts was announced Thursday by
the Saratoga Performing Arts Center. including plans for a free rock concert

July's concert schedule begins on July 11.
don Symphony Orchestra (July 18); Elton John and Quarterﬂash (July 25); and James
Taylor (July 26). The London Symphony Orchestra will be conducted by Neville Marrtner
with cellist Lynn Narrell performing in a program that includes Britten's “Variations on a
Christmas Carol for Orchestra." Dvorak's “Cello Concerto In B minor." and the Berlioz

denominator There IS. of course. a basic
contradiction at here and when
mainstretn films try to make well intentioned
social points. the result is usualy a mess.
Such is the case with Partners.

This is the sotry of two cops. one gay
(John Hurt). one not (Ryan O'Neal) who go
undercover as a homosexual couple to to try
and catch the murderer of three male
models. But Partners is not Cruising
revisited; In fact. the negative response to

work

line-up for the two-day KOOL Jazz Festival.

new dance progammtng and Circle Rep's two productions were also included In the up-
dated calendar of events reveled at SPAC press conference held at Albany's Americanna

Singer-songwriter Michael Smotherman. Karla DeVIto and Rochester's Duke Jupiter will
get the summer started with a free concert schedule for Sunday afternoon, May 30; the ex-
act starting time has yet to be determined, but the grounds will be open early and the SPAC

Following the June 19 concert by Clapton. the June schedule at SPAC Includes: the
Marshall Tucker Band (June 20); A Night of Bluegrass with Bill Monroe. Doc and Merle
Watson. and the Seldom Scene (June 21);‘Peter. Paul and Mary (June 22); Peter Allen

with Chuck Mangione. followed by the Lon-

The SPAC Special Events concerts scheduled to date for August Include: Air Supply.

(August 2); the Doobe Brothers (August 8);

Aretha Franklin (August 10); the Sounds of the Summer of '42 with Tex Beneke. Helen
O'Connell and Johnny Desmond (August 15):Gordon Lightfoot (August 17); the Allman

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
  
  

that filtii probably made the producers of this
one more conscious of the needs and desires
of the gay community. While it is not totally
successful in meeting those needs. Partners
certainly comes closer than almost any other
film in what is turning out to be the gay
movie sweepstakes.

The difference between the two'.’movles is
most obvious In the fact that one Is a comedy
and the other is not. But, Partners'comedlc
approach to homosexuality Is what ultimate-
ly works against it.

Before criticising the film too harshly.
credit must be paid. Considering that it Is a
mainstream Hollywood movie. Its portrayal
of gay life Is fairly liberal. at least on a few
points. For example, none of the gay men
are unhappy with their lifestyle, they are not
filled with the anguish. regret or self-loathing
that characterized the criminals In Cruising or
Windows. Additionally. the murders In the
film are not committed by gays. in fact. no
gay is involved in any way. it also shows that
two homosexual men can be friends In the
most Innocent and platonic sense of the
word.

Not only are gays not the villlans of the
piece. Hurt is the hero. It is he who figures
out the crime and saves O'Neal's life. Hurt's
performance Is Important because he Is so
llkeable that even audiences who hate
homosexuals will probably be rooting for him
near the end. Actually. most people will pro-
bably like Hurt's character much more than
'O'Neal's (he also turns In a fine perfor-
mance) who Is arrogant. bigoted and insen-
sitive. Getting such an audience reaction Is
no small accomplishment and everyone In-
volved with the film deserves credit.

Where Partners runs into trouble Is with its
comedic framework. in order to illicit laughs.
it all too often falls back on safe reliable

and read one of the pieces I've written. as
I've looked through and read pieces left by
others. if my name Is up In lights. they'll
freak out. if not. maybe they’ll go on reading
It anyway.

Those of us who write for the ASP find
that people we don't know know us. I
remember one memorable experience
following Christmas vacation. We'd just
printed a host of reviews of the recent
Christmas movies. A pretty young coed
came up to me on the podium and asked.
"Are you Jim Dixon?"

1 was ﬂattered. and told her i was.

"You really didn't like 'The Rose?" she
asked.

"No." l answered. “i really didn't."

"Assholel" she said. and stormed off.

Notoriety cuts both ways. But fewer peo-
ple know me now. ASP staffers Included.
Most of the people i met when I started
were. like me. juniors or seniors. They
graduated, like me. but I was the only one
who returned right away for grad work.
Sometimes now l feel a little like the old man
on the mountain. Sometime this summer my
degree (the last degree I ever intend to get)
will be finished. and l'll be through the tun-
nel. l’m supposed to see light at the end of it.
but l don't. ldon't know what's out there. but
I do know it's time i faced It. I've been here.
and at the ASP long enough. maybe too
long.

I'll miss the ASP . far more than l'll miss
school. which I doubt I'll miss irruch at all.
but it's time i left Still. I've been proud to
work here I've genuinely liked the staff. and
l've respected the hell out of them. SUNYA
may not know how good it has it. The ASI' is
one hell of a good student paper. one of the
best l've ever seen. in the long run. I doubt
that l contributed much to it. but it's con»
tributed a lot to me. .l

 

 

“Partners certain-
ly comes closer
to success than
almost any other
ﬁlm in what is
turning out to be
the Gay Movie
Sweepstakes.”

 

 

Brothers Band and the Atlanta Rhythm Section (August 18); Rick Springfield (August 20);:
Arlo Guthrie and Pete Seeger (August 2]): Andy Williams (August 22): the Charlie Daniels
Band (August 27); Emmylou Harris and McGuffey Lane (August 29); the Steve Millerj
Band (August 30): Willie Nelson (August 31); and the Beach Boys (September 1). The;
Willie Nelson concert Is a rescheduled date after last summer's cancelled concert; 1981i
tickets to this summer’s concert are still valid. '

Additional Special Events will be announced throughout
available. i- l  ‘r:

   
   
  

stereotypes. Most of the gays are limp wrist
and lisplng and Hurt appears throughout the
film In various shades of pink and lavender.
Eventually. Hurt and O'Neal become good
friends. but at least part of the reason lies In
the fact that Hurt Is a good cook and

    

the summer once they become
. i .» .3 1 . , D

a

       

".11....

 
 
 
 

L.’ r

  

 

 

,The movie plays it safest, however. not in

housekeeper. in other words a ‘good "Wife". 

its dealing wrth stereotypes. but In Its de-
sexualizatlon of the characters. None of the
gay men seem interested In sex or love in
anything except the most surface ways.
Their sexuality is used only to establish them
as gay or straight and then it disappears.
While watching the film we know Hurt is gay
only because we are told it. not because we
see him Involved In an actual relationship.
But this may well be too much to ask of a film
that wants first and foremost to be entertain-
ment.

As entertainment. however. the film
doesn't work. It Is a little too slow and the
script is very weak. Neither the crime or the
comedy elements are fully thought out. thus
adding to the confusion.

Nonetheless. as a sociological document.
the film Is fairly Interesting. Within Its com-
mercial confines. It makes a number of
points that are rather extraordinary by
Hollywood standards. It Is far from perfect.
but It Is likely to have a better effect on au-
dience perception of gays than something
like Making Love which alienated viewers
with Its unconscious assertion that the only
happy gays are the ones rich enough to af-
ford It. Partners is a good starting point for
Hollywood. It Is unfortunate that as a movie

‘It Isn't strong enough to‘ attract audiences
who might well be respOnsive to its message.

   
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   

 
 
    
   
  
  
   
  

' by  Debbie Millman

 

 

OUNDS! I'm ruined!
2 What has happened to me over
' the past few weeks shouldn't hap-
en to a dog. much less a member of the
lite aristocracy known as Spnlding. l have
en sold out, castigated. maligned. raked

ver the coals; l have been screwed!

Sebastian Caldwell
Spalding III

This mm mTe‘than—Tasi—AT—u—eﬁiay
.u' l received it telegram Informing me
‘ t grandfather. Sebastian Caldwell
aiding. Sr.. would be visiting the campus
deliver a graduation gift to me in person. i
ve always been grandpapa's favorite. ever
it co | sat upon his knee when l was a wee
. Evidently all these things changed when
I came to Albany to see for himself what
  of education I had received.

  

Di

    

 

Needless to say grandpapa was llUl‘l.‘ too
eased. “You mean to tell me that this has
us over $75.00”! Why this is nothing

0 Harvard like I told you to? i would

“have arranged everything," said Grand-

father. ] tried to explain to hitn that I had no
choice and. at the time. what with the
prestige of the Business School and other
departments. I felt I was getting a great deal.

_ UYes. well that was four yeats ago, The

slness School is now a sad parody of
 Any Influential or skilled faculty have
9 since left or grown conrplacent. Tire

he University Art Gallery Is now in Its
glory. Featuring 22 graduate
students. the Masters Thesis Is on

' - 1 lay offering a uniquely strange. bu
AL I t r

._ show.

 

 

Weaving a common thread through the
hibit Is the theme of “space.” Ordered or
mblvalent constructions. and chaotic.
agmented creations are abundant.

Harold Lohners lntagllos display people
thered and arranged simply for the pur-
ose of having their portrait made together.
i Is a visual list of Individuals examining the

' nherent similarity of all people and the dif-

yerences within that sameness. Three of his
ntagllos were particularly Interesting —
Kindergarten. Jury Duty. and 100.

I Fragmented. abstracted and reassembled
space Is Jeffry Molrn's concern in his welded
steel sculptures. Arid Form Construction V

. resembled a linear. plant-like growth. but its

"tubist" quality reminded me of Ferdinand
Leger's paintings from his cubist period.
Desert Columan looked like a war between
' organic and Inorganic figures. and the visual
impresston while disturbing. was also quite

, striking.

Forms created by light and shadow func»

Sebastian G

 
  
   

tion In a unique way iii Kathleen Fair's
[gouache Table and Chair. While its
simplified Images deal wrth real and familiar-
Spaces. it Is empty of human association.
However.- thls Is intentionally done by the in"
: listrpnrjdmittsuigcfsslul ) fer. neat, .irrujcaie, .

illitll wtoucbt (savery professional, -; Mon the .

In“.qu in.“ '

. a}.
the RCO department. which has been com-
pletely disbanded. Once litre. growing.
respected institutions; now mere pottergeists
of themselves. 'I am graduatier a college
whose commitment to quality education has
been abandoned in the interests of balancing
a fiscal budget.

Or at least i thought i was graduating. You
see. in grandfather's wrath. he saw fit to pull
me out of this "travesty of education" as
soon as possible and put me to work to make
an honest living. like he did Manual labor!
My soul cringcs at the very mention of llll.‘
phrase. l. Sebastian Caldwell Spalding lll.
heir apparent to the vast Spalding Industries
fortune. forced to world l’iuposterous!

/\s i leave this hallowed institution. I am
filled wttli remorse and and thr- same time.
)usiifiablu happiness I wished l were not
“dragged out by my ear" and that l weirl
allowed to graduate iir peace wtlh honors
But this has been tirade impossible by grands
father Now I must go out into the World arid
fund for myself.

I have always maintained that llris school.
with its unyieldineg rlllll‘llUlTldll orchituo
tur'e, rriolds students” characters into
something which easily passes between its
sharp angles and pillars. By this i mean that
every graduate Owes soiriething to Edward
Durell Stone fora personality which can find
the straightest. most direct way to gel from
poiirl A to B. There are very few students
here who have become wellrounded and
have looked to find out things about the
world the "long" way around. Why such LII‘
Idea Would be as preposterous as. say. walk-
ing to the podium from Dutch Quad via Irr-

other hand. Miriam Karp's oils blow up
perspectives of outer space in a messy.
awkward way. Where her intention is to
"send a shopping center into orbit to
perpetuate American culture In outer
space." she actually has created an
undeflnable whirl of haphazard colors. And
while this Idea may have worked for the
Dada artists In their “chance perspectives." It
seems a bit ahead of Karp. However. her
water color and collage Bird Re-entry has a
more thoughtful sense of perspective.
balance. and color. She does have potential.

Patti Gordon's pieces. consisting of
painted wood and mixed media. create ar~
chitectural. metaphoric Images about feel-

 ... .—.-....« —~.N..w.~mme“-a '

 
   

..-~.A~

 

 

 

 
 

 ‘ .‘r'N
dian or walking dowrrto Social Science to
get from the Campus Center to
Science.

I tried to gain a lrroad based education.
based upon nry.own personal pl’lllL‘IPlL’ that it
is better to know something about everthirrg
rather than Just know one field very well
But now. look at me. lain forced to degrade
and humiliate myself out in public. lam forc-
ed to beg and hovel and scratch along with

 

Earth

 
  

the rést of you peons hoang to gain that tiny
morsel. the “2:000 a year lob. that all
liberal arts majors clamor for. f can do so
much and yet I must do the must debasing
and humiliating jobs. Perhaps Marx was
right. .

Wait. what am I saying! Could I be mad
with the prospect of losing my meal ticket!
Eglrad. what hath Spalding wraughtl What is
this world coming to when the most deserv-
Ing and talented members of society. mainly
rne. must fend for themselves In the Cold.
dirty streets. I thought we were the hope of
tomorrow. instead we are the burden of to-
day's economy.

Look what has happened to me. dear
reader. i am stuck now In a trailer park iir
VoorhEESViiiE making $3.50 an hour dispos-
Ing of refuse and eating Spaghetti-0's and
day-old Freilroffer's bread from the thrift
store. There is no justice in this world!

i would like to thank all of my well wishers
who have helped me on my odyssey
through this fine Institution. even though I
didn't quite make It. To single any one of
you out would be a big mistake. Except one.
Thank you. Sheila. I Ll

 

Sic semper epicurean: O

’ Ind-l thanks to Cecil Wintm)

 

 

. how the mighty have fallen.

 

structs ironic and ambivalent situations that
are exciting and experimental.There is a
DuChamplan Inﬂuence here. particularly in
her sculptures Liuingroom and Berncolors ~
Poughkeepsie. Inc. but it Is by no means a
copy. She is innovative and should have an
exciting career ahead of her.

The most impressive and technically profi-
cient pieces of this Show belong to Judith
Weinman, Her artistic ability is formidable in
all of her paintings. Winning lst place in the
14th Annual Student Exhibit. her oil Single
Standard mimics lifelike features so perfectly
that one could actually perceive the painting
to be a window to reality.

To be admitted to the Masters Depart-

of recent work as well as letters of recom-
mendation and their undergraduate
transcript for review by the artfacuity. Of the
mininrum 30 credits needed for the masters
degree. the artist needs a malor emphasis
(12 credits) in painting. printmaking. draw-
Ing or sculpture. Supporting courses. In-
cluding a foreign language. are recommend-
ed but not a requirement.

This thesis exhibit Is the final course the ar-
tist must complete for his/her degree. Aird
while this exhibit might not be the epitome of
20th century art. there are a few artists. par-
ticularly Weinman and Gordon. who display
the potential of creative powers for that title

 

 

 

tags that specific spaces evoke. She con- ment. these artists had to submit a portfolio in the future. [:1
Space - ordered or ambivalent, chaotic and E
fragmented — is the common theme of the Masters E
Thesis Exhibit. 1 5

~ ‘4, . .I‘ 25

3

.3

2

D.

 

L

 

  

..._...hi..__.___._ v
Jeffrey Mohn.‘/\rirf Form Construction Vlll.
 t. ‘ tuition Site's blitz-n. .. .9  ig- 

  

1i fQ'T’T'T TV'FT‘VYTT’V’I'VNWA'I'

 

'1081,

10*(9

 

shallows;
'. p311 L'

 

r

  

