 

   

 

., 14.3w... I

 

mm 9.. ~_..dv WW“

 

returned

(Felecia Berger' recently
front a ten day tour of Moscow and
Leningrad sponsored by her lorrnur
high school Russian literature teacher.
Donald Cairncs. llere's her account ola
student's vacation behind the Iron Cur-
tain.)

he first stop for our group of

l forty high school and college

students was Moscow. capital

of the Russian Soviet Federative

Socialist Republic and the Soviet Union.

and largest city in the USSR. The

main attraction in the Still-year—old city

remains the Kremlin. once the fortress

of the Czars and now the seat of the
Communist government.

More than government buildings are
inside the walls of the Kremlin. There is
the Palace of Congresses. a modern
building where the Party has its general
meeting every five years. and where we
saw the Bolshoi Ballet in an excellent
performance of Giselle.

Inside the Kremlin is also a group of
three small cathedrals. Upon walking in-
to the first. the Annunciation Cathedral.
we were all amazed at the absolutely or-
nate, beautiful decor. The walls were
covered with frescoes. the floor covered
with jasper from the Urals. the icons
framed in gold. In the second cathedral.
The Church of Arch Angel Michael. we
saw the tombs of all'the Czars up until

Peter I. The ceilings in the cathedrals
are at least three stories high. And as ac-
cording to Russian Orthodox custom.
there are no pews. One must stand
through the service.

Red Square lies beyond the walls of
the Kremlin. rind within Red Square
lies Lenin. displayed in state in the
memorial that bears his name. Ordinari-
ly. visitors are allowed to go inside the
tomb and View the body. though we
were unable because of a re-embalming
project.

Opposite the hero's tomb is GUM's.
the largest department store in the
Soviet Union. and probably the world.
What the Soviets pride themselves on
reminded me of a closed—in flea market.
Within the huge building are contained
hundreds of little stores. three or four
tiers across. and three floors high. with'
mostly all-open or half open stalls. The
major goods seemed- to be socks.
scarves. and ‘boots. Soviet clothing is

'lb'lw’se 4q/Aprtlvaoi'1982  I . ' *

 

 

plain and in this season still of dark
cloth. Not that they all look alike. but
the quality of the garments remains con-
sistent. In Moscow. the famous fur hats
are extremely popular still.

While in GUM's my friend Lisa and I
were approached by two men in theif
twenties and asked if we wished to sell
our down jackets . When we declined.
they wondered if we wished to sell
anything at all. We were to find out that
this is not an uncommon occurence for
foreigners. Several times in the next ten
days. we were approached by Russians
who offered to buy our jackets or
sunglasses. trade travel bags. or ex:
change our currency for theirs. osten-
sibly for use in Beriozka. or “dollar”
shops. where only foreign currency is
accepted. Everything in the Soviet
Union is expensiVe. the exchange rate
being seventy kopeks to the dollar. one
hundred kopeks to the ruble.

Lenin's importance to the Soviet
Union was made apparent by a visit to
the Lenin Museum. The walls are
covered with thousands of quotes and
artifacts from his life. Everything concer-
ning Lenin, is sacred to the Soviets.
Bookstores sell posters with his image.
statues of him dot the streets. and a ma-
jor library is natned for him.

While discussing his legacy and the
economic achievements of the last half
century. the tour guide at the museum
commented on the great devastation
her country suffered during the second
world war. Gesturing towards a map of
the Soviet Union. she said. “We (the
Soviet people) will do anything. we will
fight. for peace.” And it was not just this
one woman who made so_strong a com-
ment concerning the quest for a lasting
peace. Whether talking ot teenagers or
tour guides or people we met in a hotel.
that same "fight for peace” sentiment
was evident. That is not to say that they

. wish to go to war to Insure world-wide

peace. Schooled in the sufferings of
their country through all of Europe's
major wars. they seemed sincere in talk-
ing of obtaining a lasting peace.

A visit to a school proved to be
not only a learning experience but a
great deal of fun as well. As we learned,
there are many specialized schools in

.at—au.

Ten Days
That Shook
A Girl

by Felecia Berger

the Soviet Union. itt disciplines such as
English. French. German. or Japanese.
Language studies begin in the second
form (equivalent to our second grade).
The students who were to act as our
guides were mostly sixteen-year-olds
arid in the eighth form. Their English
was fluent. We were each taken in small
groups or individually shown around
the school. free to ask questions in
classrooms. ‘

My guide was a sixteen-year-old
named Natasha. As she explained to
me. all students are required to wear
uniforms: dark pants for the boys. skirts
for the girls. and white shirts or blouses.
The school goes from the first to the
tenth form. and at the end of the tenth
students take a difficult series of exams
for the universities. Those who wish to
go for a more technical training begin to
do so after their eighth form. All the
classes we visited. including a history.
physics and mathematics (both physics
and algebra begin by the third or fourth
form): were led by teachers who greatly
encouraged participation by the
students.

While speaking to Natasha I learned a
great deal about what it was like to be a
young student in the Soviet Union. Like
many of us in the US. the students are
allowed to join various after school ac-
tivities. including drama clubs. chortts.
or sports. Most of the students in the
school were members of quite a dif-
ferent club. the Communist Party's
Young Communist League.

The students there were aware of
many American pop artists. such as
Elvis Presley on one extreme and the
Village People on the other. They were
also familiar with certain» movies. like
Star Wars. But when they asked us
about which artists Soviet artists we
knew. it was a different story. They
were surprised we didn't know any.
Natasha also voiced surprise during a
discussion of courtship. especially how
few rules there really are In this country.
Open displays of affection. she explain-
ed to me. were not acceptable in the
schools. I asked Natasha if she would
like to go to New York one day. Her
Wes beamed. “Yes. but it Is very dif-
ficult. I do not think I will be able to."

The most impressive site: i

t I

n

 

Moscow. after the Kremlin. was the
Moscow Metro. To ride the subway
system. you must pay five kitlit'liS
(perhaps eight cents). After deposttinti
the coin into a small machine. yttli W“
through an entrance and begin in !i"
down to the train. down almost .‘ttili
feet. Inside the subway. you are git-th
by walls of marble. on which are pilllllt‘tl
beautiful frescoes. Each station in the H
ty is dedicated to an individual theme
In the “Revolutionary Station" thuIU HI“
dozens of statues of soldiers xllltl
workers. In other stations there were
walls covered with stained glass. ’I‘IK’
trains run every 44 seconds to a milllllt’
and a half. Graffiti and garbage are non»
existent.

' There were not many places for us to

 

go to at night in Moscow. At one of the
tnore modern hotels there was a night
club. but the entertainment ended at
eleven. Since the buses. trolleys and
subways all stop between twelve and
one. tnost of the night life is confined to
one's home.

One of the questions most asked
of me is about the quality of food in
Moscow and Leningrad. To put it plain-
ly. it is not quite of the quality
Americans are usually accustomed to.
We were served three meals a day.
Although the choice at breakfast varied
a little (soft-boiled eggs. some kind of
fluffed-up custard looking eggs. or strips
of meat). lunch and dinner were almost
always the same. To beginwith. we

photos by Felecia Burger

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

were never given a choice about what
we wanted to eat, and we were never
given second helpings. Lunches con-
sisted of a plate of sliced meat and cab-
bage, soup (usually fish or potato). and
a plate of thick. tough beef with half-
fried potatos and more cabbage. The
satne meal appeared at dinner. Once in
a while we had fish. twice we were
treated to chicken Kiev. but mostly we
ate beef. For desert at lunch we had ice
cream. One thing about the sweets.
they are absolutely delicious. The ice
cream. the pastries. and the chocolates
were all very rich and sweet.

The city of Leningrad was quite
different than Moscow. The city was
built by Peter I in the early 1700’s on the

Back in the USSR: At left. the author
stands to the felt of two friends in front 0/
the Winter Palace. Leningrad. Clockwise
from top are Moscow University. two,
Souiet soldiers who allowed their pictures
to be taken. the back entrance to the Sunt-
nter Palace in Pushkin. a view of the Neua
River from a hotel window in Leningrad.
and the inside of GUM's department store
in Moscow.

 
 

banks of the Neva River at the point
where it enters the Gulf of Finland. The
city is made up of 44 islands and ()0

waterways, Peter's purpose in in
building the city was to create a "Win-
dow on the West." Because of this.
Leningrad is indeed much more wester-
nized than Moscow. The styles of the
clothes were a bit more fashionable.
The buildings were more of the old-

European style while less pleasing to the

eye.
Leningrad is covered with these old
buildings. formerly occupied by royalty
and aristocrats. Large and majestic.
these houses now serve either as
museums or office buildings.
The Soviets take great pride in their
national treasures. The palaces are con-

treated with thfeﬁ'titmost respect. ,_

‘ in'Lentngrad'We visited the famous
Winter Palace. former home of the Czar
and seat of the October Revolution of
1917. The word “magnificent” would
not do justice to the treasures found in-
side the palace. Rooms of malaclte.
gold. marble. jewels and other
treasures. such as tapestries and china.-
stunned us at each glance. and the mar-
ble staircases and Huge. gilded gold
doors were truly dazzling. The Winter
Palace is now referred to as The Her-
mitage and is considered one of the best
museums in Europe. In one large room
we were treated to'a collection of Rem-
brandts. while in another room an
assortment of tea sets and soup serving
sets of the fittest China and gold was set
before our eyes.

Our nextslop was the beautiful
town of Pushkin, named after Russia's
greatest poet. On route was the Sum
ttter Palace. formerly called 'l'sarko
Solo. which was the site of Non occupa-
IIHII during the titlti (lays the (humans
surrounded Leningrad In
WWII 'l'lttougliout the entire
there the haunting pictures llllll coin-
pale each room With what it looked like
during Nari ot,'t:t.tp.ttion As the (ier-
man's retreated. they tinte-bottibetl the
palace and a large portion of it was
destroyed. Our tour guide explained
how the palace IIuS been under restora-
tion since I947. though it has yet to be
completed. A quick look at the pictures
was enough for us to see that the
damage had been extensive. Donations
of gold by the citizens has helped restore
much of the palace under government
supervision,

It is very difficult to describe the
wealth and beauty we saw in both The
Winter and The Summer Palace. While
touring both palaces. the tour guide
never denounced or spoke harshly of
the Czarist rule. Rather. what was
stressed was the richness of the time
and the developments achieved by the
nation at each particular time.

There is a rich culture to the people
amid the streets. despite the mood of
serious and quiet sobriety. We saw a
wonderfully colorful display of Georgian
Dancers at the theatre. and on our last
night in Leningrad \vveent to a special
restaurant where we were served red
and black caviar. assorted meats. cham-
pagne. and of 'course — vodka! After
our dinner. we all danced to traditional
Russian music. joining other fellow
Americans and a few Russians.

rittlat'c

LasinJIete are a few interesting
points I wish to bring out about the
Soviet Union. Travelling in the large
group. we occasionally forgot where we
were. Though we did have free time to
ourselves. the city transportation
systems did not extend very far outside
city limits. Each time we left our room

' we were required to turn our keys over

to a woman who sat by a desk on each
floor. Pictures at the airport or outside
the airplane were absolutely forbidden.
Thouin there are practising churches.
they are frequented mostly by the elder-
ly. and the one synagogue in Moscow is
under constant surveillance. While in
Leningrad. we visited the U.S. Counsel
and a Marine Sergeant told us stories of
Russians attempting to enter the
American Embassy. and being stopped
and beaten by the Soviet Guards who
stand at the entrance of the Embassy.
There is a great deal more to learn
about the Soviet Union. too much to
possibly be able to cover in less than two
weeks. Some day I would like to return.
yet to me and 43 others. there's
something very special about being

.bome.

 

 2:rzéﬂdggi'dzggfﬁ‘ﬂgﬁﬁétr. ' ' ' ' '

  " i
stantly‘ elng réstq ed or ' é Hre'dl'an  .w

  
   

  
   
 
  
  
   
  

;
l.


I
i
l
t
i
i

 

. .. w}... -w._~.~_£._av_ _.

 

 

~ or w: ‘-.‘I n

 

