17. 30114:: '. . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

' O O . I
Sandrmsta Ignores Harg
MANAGUA. Nicaragua (AP) The leftist Sandinista
government says it will not. consider Secretary of State
Alexander M. Haig Jr.'s terms forimproved relations
unless the United States promises not to attack
Nicaragua. - , ’

“One cannot negotiate with a pistol on the chest.” in-
terior Minister Tomas Borge said Wednesday. "One
cannot negotiate when they are threatening us.”

Borge was responding to Haig's conditions Monday
for restoring U.S. aid to the leftist regime and curbing
anti-Sandinista exiles, training in the United States. First.
said Haig. the Nicaraguan government must “get out of
El Salvador," not acquire heavy offensive weapons and
limit foreign military advisers.

“To negotiate there must be a clear guarantee that the
United States is not going to attack our country." said
Borge. speaking at the departure of North Korean Prime
Minister Li Jong-ok for Cuba after a three-day visit.

The Reagan administration has accused the San-
dinistas of supplying weapons and advisers to leftist in-
surgents in El Salvador. Washington has also claimed
Nicaragua's military strength is growing beyond its
defense needs.

Reagan Asks for Support

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) President Reagan asked
big business Thursday to fall back in line with his
economic program. while his budget director and the
chairman of the Federal Reserve warned that prolonged
feuding over the 1983 budget could jeopardize prospects
for recovery.

“What we need now." Reagan told the National
Association of Manufacturers. “is not last-minute hag
gling of displays of blatant self interest. We need the
support that only America’s businessmen can give us."

Reagan has been stung recently be calls from Con-
gress and Wall street for a sealedown of his three-year
tax cut and major reductions in a 1983 deﬁcit ap-
proaching $100 billion. Moreover, an American Stock
Exchange poll released Wednesday showed that only 41
percent of the nation's brokers “stroneg approve" of
his policies. compared with 67 percent a year ago.
Budget Director David A. Stockman and Federal
Reserve Chairman Paul A. Volcker told the same group
that a political deadlock over the budget could jeopar-
dize prospects for lower interest rates and a springtime
recovery.

But Stockman and Volcker held out hope for a speedy
bi-partisan congressional and administration com»
promise on a plan for reducing the projected record
deficit. Several economists blame the government‘s red
ink for keeping interest rates high.

Stockman gave no indication that Reagan would be
willing to back off on the key elements that have created
the budget legjam — his three-year personal tax cuts. his
record Pentagon budget and his pledge to leave Social
Securitv intact.

Senator Blames Cuba

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) A key Republican senator
says he is “absolutely convinced" Nicaragua and Cuba
are controlling leftist guerrillas in El Salvador. but that
the Reagan administration should reveal more evidence
’to garner public support for its Central American
policy. .

Sen. Robert Kasten of Wisconsin made his comments
Wednesday as a Senate subcommittee began hearings on
President Reagan‘s proposal to send $350 million in
emergency aid to the Caribbean Basin. including $128
million to El Salvador.

The hearings got under way just hours after the presi-
dent's aid package was sent to Congress. Besides
emergency money. the proposal calls for a lZ-ycar
period of duty-free entry into this country for virtually
all Caribbean exports and tax incentives to encourage
U.S. private investment in the region.

The trade subcommittee of the House Ways and
Means Committee called a hearing for today on the
economic aid package. '

Kastcn. chairman of the Senate Appropriations sub-
committee on foreign operations. said he had no doubt
about outside involvement in El Salvador‘s insurgency.

"1 am absolutely convinced of Cuban and Nicaraguan
support and control of terrorist guerrillas in lil
Salvador." Kasten told Thomas 0. Endcrs. assistant
secretary of state for inter-American affairs.

"But you have got to bring the information out into
public view and let the people of this country know what
is going on." he said. The administration should move
to counter “what is clearly a tide in American public

opinion' against support of El Salvador_‘s civilian—
military junta. he said. r

~ ...A... ..-............. n... . .

Games  State

ALIANY. N.Y. (AP) Video games. the pinbatt

' machines of the 1980s. should be taxed and the revenue

used to keep youths out of arcades and in school, a key
New York state legislator says.

Assemblyman Leonard Stavisky, DQueens. an-
nounced Wednesday that he’s introducing legislation.
imposing a 850 yearly fee on electronic video games be-
ing operated in the state outside of New York City.

In the city. which already imposes a $50 fee on the g
games. the levy would be raised to $100 a year under the
bill. Stavisky said.

The money raised. which the assemblyman says could
reach 51 million annually. would be used to pay for hir-
ing truant officers and for other school attendance pro-
motion programs.

“This burgeoning industry has created an addictive.
coin-gobbling network throughout the state without
socially useful beneﬁts to the public." he said.

"The money raised from this industry would defray
the hiring of attendance teachers to identify youngsters
who are leaving school early or who are spending inor-
dinate amounts of time and their parents’ money on
tltesc mesmerizing games." added Stavisky.

The college professor-legislator said that distributors
who lease the games would be slapped with the fee. in
cases where a store or an arcade owns the games
outright. they would have to come up with the money.

Budget Vote Threatened

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Faced with president
Reagan's continued intransigence on key elements of his
1983 budget. the Democratic chairman of the House
Budget Committee is threatening to force a potentially
embarrassing vote on the unpopular spending plan.

"l‘ve explored every possibility of trying to break this
legjam and this is the only one that i can see as of new
that has a realistic chance of moving us forward." said
Rep. James R. Jones of Oklahoma.

Jones. who presented the proposal to a closed meeting
of House Dem0crats Wednesday, said later that
"nobody spoke against it" during the session.

Top House leaders appeared to withhold their full
support for the plan, but Jones indicated he expected
the leadership would support the move after he has had
a chance to explain it in more detail.

"l’d hate to go that route. to tell you the truth."
House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. (D-Mass) said.

“What are we going to do to for except to embarrass the i'

president?"

But a Democratic leadership aide said that while
O'Neill “has some doubts" about the plan. “1 know his
mind to be open" on the idea. Even Reagan's congres-
sional allies concede that his big-deﬁcit budget as sub-
mitted last month could not win approval in either
House or Congress. Thus. forcing a vote now would
result in defeat and embarrassment for the president.

Trafﬁc Controllers Edgy

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Despite the upheaval caus-

ed by the air trafﬁc controllers strike. the government.

has done little to correct the management problems that
led to the walkout. according to a special task force.

A panel of management experts concluded Wednes-
r’uy that morale among working controllers is low. strife
between management and controllers persists. and many
of the factors that led to last summer's walkout are
resurfacing.

“Most factors that had caused problems in the past
reasserting themselves and the FAA seems headed
toward morg people-related problems in the future."
said the l45-page report of FAA management pro-
cedures.

FAA Administrator J. Lynn Helms. testifying at
hearings into air safety. acknowledged that morale
among some controllers is low and promised to imple-
ment a number of recommendations from the task
force.

But Helms told the House subcommittee the airways
are safe and that the effort to rebuild the air traffic con-
roller corps is ahead of schedule. He said there are about
9.600 controllers handling traffic now and that b t Oc-

' tober. airlines will be able to 11y about 90 percent of

their normal flights.

The congressional hearings were to resume today with
testimony from the National Transportation Safety
Board. which several months ago concluded that safety
has not been impaired by the strike and subsequent fir-
ing of 11.500 controllers.

Salvadoran Haven Shaky

WASHINGTON, D.C. (Al’f'fhc Reagan administra-
tion is undergoing what one official calls "an agonizing
bureaucratic struggle" over whether the United States
should give safe haven to Salvadorans fleeing the civil
war in their country. "

The ultimate decision could affect not only hundreds

1311i” 11-: 'I‘tzill 3:113 f}...’i.1""!"/l1!l5

. .

 

 

"capo. star.

 

 

U ' I.
Discount Dinner

Dine-A-Mate discount coupon booklets will be on
sale for 510 next week in the campus center lobby.

Area 10 Special Olympics are selling the booklets
which contain over 450 coupons good for discounts on
food and'entertainment in and around the campus area.

Special Olympics provides sports development pro.
grams for the mentally retarded throughout the world.
4 To order additional coupon booklets after March 26,
call 374-4107.

PA C-MAN Pays

Your Fae-Man prowess could earn you dinner.

Telethon ’82 is sponsoring a Pac-Man tournament in
the Campus Center Gar-he room on sunday. march 21.
from 12-5p.m. There is a $1 per game entry fee.

if your 'Pacsman gobblcs up the most dots and
monsters you win dinner for two at The Cranberry Bog.

Student Speaker Search

Graduating students: this may be yonr last chance to
make Mom. Dad. and President O'Leary proud.

How about becoming the Student Speaker at Gradua-
tion?

All students graduating this May are invited to submit
a precise copy of your intended speech to the class of—
ﬁccra’. mailbox. located in the S.A. ofﬁce no later than
April 1.

Speeches should run approximately 10 minutes.

Enclose the speech in a manilia envelope. adressed to
the class of 1982, with your name and phone number.

For further information contact Jeff shore at
449-5054.

WCDB Elects New GM

Rick Francoiini was elected as the new General
Manager of WCDB by a vote of nine to six on march 16.
His one-year term will begin April 12.

As the general manager. he will be picking 'a new ex-
ecutive staff during April and May. '

He will replace Bill Goodfriend. who is graduating.

Don’t Miss Julie

Puta little culture in your weekend.

Albany Theater Project will present Strindberg’s
classic. “Miss Julie" at the EBA Chapter House. 351
Hudson Avenue on March 19-21 and 24-27 at 8:30 p.m.

Ticket prices are $3 general admission and $2 for
students.

Is Venus in New York?

if your face is enough to make the Gods' heads turn.
then enter the Miss New York Venus U.S.A. Pageant to
be held this June.

Judging is based on poise. personality, charm. in-
telligence and beauty of face and ﬁgure.

Applicants must be between the ages of 17 and 2‘).
residents or students in the state of New York. and never
have been married.

Any girl interested in competing should write to:

Miss New York Venus U.S.A
Box 660. Dept. KM
Jeffersonville. NY 12748
Letters must be received by April 1. include a recent

 

of thousands of Salvadorans but the status of several
thousand Poles who have found teruporary refuge in
America. Also hanging in the balance is the interna-
tional image of a humanitarian United States.

As it is. there is almost no legal refuge l'or‘Salvadorans
in the United States. in the 12 months ended last Sept.
30. the immigration and Naturalization Service caught
15.903 Salvadorans without proper papers. Only two
were granted political asylum.

The overwhelming majority are deported. at it rate of
about 1.000 per month. The United sttttcs pays $333.05
per person to fly them back to their homeland. where an
estimated 30,000 people have been killed in recent years
in civil strife.

Despite iNS efforts. there is a growing. underground
community of Salvadorans who have slipped over lilt.‘
border and settled in the Latino conununities ofCttlil‘or-
ma. Texas. New York and Washington. The Central
American Refugee Center in Washington estimates that
500.000 Salvadorans are living in the United States il-
legally.

 

 

 

 

 

snapshot. a brief biography and your telephone number.
i

 

 

.1... «aramyawu mm: .-.-. .v :A. .v

:12‘. .u. sanctiﬁed“. ‘ -. 53-65%“. as ‘-

J 

u..r;»

      

,1 .. .3

departments. are holding onto
students in the eighties is the sixties.
according to anur'nber of History
and American Studies professors
nrottttd the country. ‘

Classes that focus, on the events
of the 19605 and try to explain their
meaning to a new generation are
becoming increasingly popular.
they said.

The courses have names like
“Youth in the 19605." “Popular
Culture in the 19605." and
"America and Vietnam," and are
offered everywhere from the
universities of Oklahoma and Kan-
sas to Yale and Stanford. They are.
moreover. in much demand. in a
time when most social science
courses are suffering dramatic
enrollment declines. 140 students
recently signed up for Penn State‘s
1960s history class.

Similarly. Standford and
Wisconsin. among others. recently
sponsored “Sixties Weeks" during
which political celebrities like Jerry

.Rubin and Allen Ginsberg appeared
on panels to discuss the controver-
sial cm.

in what amounts to a “down
time" for the social sciences. such
panels and courses are the only ones
currently enjoying stcttdy increases
in enrollment. said Robert K. Mur-
ray. a historian at .Pcnn State.

“We’ldpn’t have any hard dzltn to
prove Ii. but there is no question

«History Courses are Popular
(CPS) One ofmthe ,most signficant’ ‘ I I - i i '
reasons battered college iberai arts ‘

1" )‘Il‘ﬂ- 3.11..” 7533'.»

   

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. MARCH 19. 1982

 

1’.

‘u: L!

V! , peace demonstrators in the late 60s

Their rcvoll created at mystique

that classes in popular cultttre or
contemporary topics about the six-
ties have increased in enrollment"
across the country. said Robert
Gladowski of the American Studies
Association.

“Students now are showing a
great deal of interest in that time.
which seems so incredibly long ttgo
to them." added Dr. Mary Young.
vice president of the American
Historical Association. Students
“are very curious to understand
what happened."

The people who teach the
courses—many of them former ac-
tivists themselves—attribute their

Bus Survey Shows Albany

By MARK HAMMOND

A survey of the bus systems of
SUNY schools at Binghamton.
Oneonla and Buffalo revealed that
each Student Association con-A
tributes to the funding of the bus
service. and only Oneonla exacts a
small cash fare for late-night
weekend rides.

Albany State is the only SUNY
college whose daily bus service is
free to students, according to John
Hartigan. Vice President of
Business and Finance. SA,
however. does pay for late night
weekend bus service. Students are
nonetheless incensed at the prospect
of bus fares.

Both Oneonla and Buffalo
charter a bus service rather than
operate their own buses as
Binghamton does. ‘ Bingltamton‘s
Student Association pays onc~half
the fuels and maintenance cost for
their buses. and the Uttivcrsity pays
the other half. according to Judith
Gridlcy. Bus Operations Coor-
dinator. Students are employed
partitimc as drivers.

The purpose of the bus service is
to supplement the Broomc County
Transit Authority (BCTA). whose
sct'vicc encompasses a wider route
than the college‘s. Students pay a
regular fare when they ride tltc
ilt‘TA. (iridlcy said.

“Neither scrvicc can single-
hnndctlly dclivcr student}
evcrywhcrc they have to go. 'l'ht
kids take both buses. depending on
their schedule anti destination.“
said (iritllcy.

At (income. the SA Chttt'tt‘rs the
city-owned ()nconttt llus Linc for
$10.60 an hour to include the carti-
pns in its cross-town excursions.
The University does not contribute
to the fundittg. according to Attila

 

Students Get‘.

a Free Ride

Neighbors. Chief Dispatcher.
After midnight on Friday and
Saturday. students are charged 35
cents per ride. but the bus route re-
mains the same. said Neighbors. 
SUNY Buffalo Bus Coordinator
Harold J. Cunningham said the
University charters the privately
beaminued on page [3

 

iphutn: lll's

stutients' interest to a nostalgia for
the era and even an anger that its
persistent influence may retard the
development of a peculiar culture

of their own.
One teacher in her mid-thirties.
‘t‘0l1!lllll('(l on page 5

  

 

\ '.
.- :‘lw

i Some Students Envy Period '

(CPS) it will be a long time before
Rutgers University historian War-
ren Susman forgets an awful night
in December. 1980. it was the night
John Lcnnoh was killed.

“By the next morning." he
recalled. “there wasn’t a blank wail
left on campus. Someone had gone
around and written ‘Lcnnon Livcs'
on every building."

I‘lt is the ﬁrst thing i‘ve seen that
actually moved this generation. and
'brought them together. There were
genuine tears. They couldn't hold
back tlfcir emotions."

Susman. like many others.
wondered why. The Beatles. a pro-
duct ofa different era. had split up
in 1970. when most of the students
now on campuses were small
children. Susman wondered if the
explanation wasn’t that students of
today were growing up without a
culture of their own.

They "just don’t have lltc heroes
titut tlte students of the sixties did.
They luck that charismatic relation-
ship with leaders that students used
to have."

The professorial buzzwords for

 

 

~‘--MW\W-WJ-a.
v -.-1- .~. .

tar

2.1.54"; '7'

z

  

‘ rw
i.‘
y t

   

. an"; e.» .m

the phenomenon seem to'be “sixties
envy."'.Many radio stations play
only music recorded ten-to-ls years
ago instead of New Wave, punk or
other. more modern musical trends.
A scanning of college newspapers
nationwide shows a continuing
tendency of students to compare
themselves and their concerns to
those of the protest decade.

“l've had students say to tne that
they resent the way sixties music
gets more airplay than their own
'music." said Clayborne Carson. a
historian at Stanford. ‘ -

George Ward. a professor at
Bowling Green State University's
Center for the Study of Popular
Culture. feels sorry for today's
students.

“Throughout the seventies. they
expressed the feeling that ‘Wc miss-
ed the big one. we missed the great
decade. We had disco and the Me
Generation. What a bore."

But though the influence of the
19603 continues to be strong. Ward
said there is evidence of what might
be called an original “eighties

'D-conlimled on page 7

t

Exam Schedule Policy Clarified

 

Syllabi to Note Outside Tests

IIy KIM GUY

As of this semester, professors
scheduling exams outside of arrang—
ed clnss meetings must inform their
students within the ﬁrst week of
classes. according to Associate
Dean of Undergraduate Studies
Leonard aninski.

“This is not really a new policy.
just a clarification on letting the
students know what is to be ex:
pcctcd." Lapinski said.

Students had complained of" cor)-
l‘licts arising when professors
scheduled Ottt‘Of-t‘lass exams.
Lapinski added.

This Summer,
Cornell

What better place to be than far above Cayuga‘s
waters as you improve your writing skills. work
with computers. participate in a pre-law pro-
gram. or take a course in conceptual drawing?
Nowhere else can 'you learn in the company of
so diverse a group of faculty and students in
such a uniquely attractive setting of hills. lakes.

gorges and waterfalls.

At Cornell. you can fulfill requirements. ac-

celerate your degree program. or simply take
advantage of the opportunity to study those In-
triguing sublects that you have always put off.

Request an Announcement
and see for yourself all the
reasons why Cornell is the
place you should be this
summer. Tuition is $145 per
semester credit or less.

1"

Cornell University Summer
Session. Bl? lves Hall.
Ithaca. New York 14853

‘ ’-’§l‘? 'm-ScL-r - "r

 

 

 

llowever. Central Council
Academic (‘onunittcc Choir Mike
(‘orso feels the present clarification
of policy is not good enough.

Corso. who discussed this with
Dean of Undergraduate Studies
Helen Dcsfosses. wants professors
to note out-of-clnss exams on the
syllabus so that students with con-
flicting work or class schedules can
drop the course or change sections.

“Desfosst-s agrees with me. and
says the idlil is ti good one." said
Como.

He added that this revised policy
shm"' be in effect for the Fall ’82
semester.

  

Monday Cure

y imported Bottles ~ $1.09
Kamikaze or Houseshols

Tuesday Cure

v

Pitcher Miller - $2.00
House Drinks - .89 cents
Sours - .9‘) cents

White Russians ~ $1.20
iced Tens - $1.29

1

-*Wednesday, March 24;
tThursday. March 25:

AAAAAAAAA- _ _ ’

 

  

GOT THOSE EARLY WEEK BLUES?

0 Domestic Bottles - .89 cents
l

. - .79 cents
ﬁree case of Rolling Rock to high scorer on Pac Man

Pitcher Genny Alc - $1.75

Tonight and Saturday nlght:“EMERALD CiTY”
.Sun, March 21; “THE KIDZ and THEiMlSFlTS”

 

lilmlu: l'I'h

Students takln ﬁnals
Policy not new

 

  

MADISON m x
more so.

ALBW

' 462-9797

 
    
  
   
   
   
 
 
    
  
  
  
 

.“DOWNTIME”
"DOC SCANLON’S ‘
RHYTHM BOY'S" ,1

 

 

 m.;.w.,..g;._‘...._m i . .V 4,"

 

 

 

 

