. M“...

 

mean an HOG wanmvo>

‘-._.,.a

  

. . .
r “no”...

 

 

epending upon whom you ask.

the CBS News documentary

“The Uncounted Enemy: A Viet-
nam Deception" either “stirred almost no
controversy" (The Nation) or “came under
attack- virtually from the moment it was
broadcast on January 23." (Time) Either
way. it has taken General William C.
Westmoreland. former commander of the
United States military forces in Vietnam.
nine months to file a libel suit against CBS
Inc. for saying he was the head of a "con-
spiracy. to suppress arid alter critical in-
telligence on the enemy" durirtg the Viet-
nam war.

 

 

Andrew Carroll

 

Asserting that CBS has damaged tlte
rieneraf's personal and professional reputa-
tiorts by knowingly and recklessly broad-
casting false statements iii ilte documen»
tary. \rVL’Sitlitﬂt’ldlKl is asking $120 million
irt compensatory and punitive damages.
" By doing so. Wi'strnort-land. is brirtging to

DOes Wes

 

research. ._

Not surprising; General Wesfmoreland
was the first to discredit “The Uncounted
Enemy:" three days after the broadcast.' he
called a press conference at which he at-
tacked Adams. declared many of his taped
statements inoperative. maintained he had
been "ambushed" by the reporters from
CBS who never warned him exactly what
they intended to question him about. and
said that the “notorious reporter Mike
Wallace (prosecuted) me in a star-chamber
procedure."

Have. .

but unprecedented step in the netwnrk‘s

 

 

 

.i lii‘dtl air issue which may. agaitt accor

ding to whom you ask. either "constitute a
serious threat to independent iottrnalisirr In '

- our society" (Van (Bordon banter. ptesi~
dent of CBS News) or ire-rte "the oppor~
tirriity to vigorously investigate General
‘.\’n'~.tiiiorcl.ind and the Army's conduct
tlttiniiliout the W." " (l'lri' Nt'rtt York
'lrimxsl

t The l.t'||t.tiy docurrtentary. prodttt cd by
(ntoige Cole and reported by him and
Mike \i'lrllace. accused Westiiiorr-land of
systarnntrctilly suppressing accurate
estiirrares of growing Viet Cortg strength
during the year before the [Unit Tt't offen-
ave The piogr‘arii said that through 1967

l Wt-sirnoielanti never reported an enemy
infiltration rate of more than 8.000 a
montl. even tltough some officers believed

 that as inamy as 25.000 North Vietnamese

ilronps a rnortth were entering the south

’ during the fall of that year.

| Such claims were hardly news; as early

las March of 1968 Neil Sheehan of The

j Times offered a full account of unexplained

l

l

l

efforts by the military to hold down the

numbers. But in the CBS documentary. six
I former Army officers described
.‘ Westmoreland's alleged misconduct. while
: Westmoreland conceded he had rejected
l Army lntelligcnce's estimates because "the
people in Washington were not
sophisticated enough to understand and
evaluate this thing—and neither was the
media." I

The hero of the piece was former CIA
analyst Sam A. Adams. who was paid
$25,000 to research and help shape the
documentary. and who also‘ appeared on
air as a principal witness for the conspiracy
theory he had developed after ten years of

his will be my first column of the
l year. as l've been having a bit of a
writer's block the past several

weeks. '

The problem is with what We been at-
tempting io write about. All about me i see
false assumptions leading to rather idiotic
behavior on the part of some members of
the University community. and in the past
We enjoyed attempting to point out exactly
where they've missed the boat.

Jonathan Miles

 

 

 

Lately. though. l've become dissatisfied
with my dissatisficatton. Perhaps We only
. been a reactionary. although We always
. tried to temper my criticisms with some
upbeat advice on how to straighten things
out.

Last week i was briefly enthused while
writing a commentary on the “Take Back
the Night" hysteria. biii midway through i
stopped and realized that it was too con-
troversial and it wouldn't do anybody any
good anyway. This week i had a nice criti-
que going of our relativistic curriculum, but

 

Other disavnwals would follow. but

none with the impact of a cover story iii the
May 2‘) TV Gutde. Not known for its in<
vestrgative journalism. the magazine
published an it arid a half page story call-
ed "Anatomy of a Smear." describing
"How CBS News Broke the Rules and
'Got' Gert. Westmoreland." Written by
Don Kowat and Sally Bedell. the story
made 18 allegations against “CBS
Reports." including charges that CBS ig-
nored evidence that contradicted its con-
spiracy theory. rehearsed the interview of a
friendly source (Adams). and grilled "un'
fiiendly'witnesses with prosecutbri'al zeal."
The article noted that producer Crile and
his colleagues went into the project with a
pie-conceived notion of what their conclu-
sion would be. and they "demonstrated a
disconcerting tendency to consign inter-
viewees who contradicted it to the cutting
room floor."

The CBS reaction to the TV Guide story
was to launch a six<week internal investiga-
tion headed by news president Sauter and
veteran producer Burton Benjamin. an all

   

again I didn't have the heart to go through
with if.

I guess l'vejust been attacking the symp-
toms. rather tltatt the cause of the human
problem. Like Christ. when he saw the
harlots and tax-collectors go in. and have
dinner with them rather than preaching at
them about what they were doing wrong.

i did write one column that was ailrighr. '
about the significance of Rosh Hashanah
and Yom Kippur. but it was killed after be-
Ing dubbed "religious propaganda." (Better

 

history. An eight-page memorandu, on
the 68-page report was released iif July.
and conceded that the news dtvis‘on had
committed five substantial violrtions of
CBS's journalistic ground rules,.and other
lesser lapses and “judgement calls." Sauter
admitted that whether by accident or
design. material relating to one set of
events was connected to another unrelated
set of events. while the show's creators
were guilty of combining answers from
several questions on the same subject into

 
  
  
  

orte answer. When the general later sent
documents "correcting" his recollections
about the VC infiltration. CBS made one of
those "judgement calls" and decided to lg-
nore the data.

The months followittg the CBS inhouse
investigation were marked by concessions
and rejections. Westmoreland had been
asking CBS for a public apology. then a 45
minute retraction. and a compensatory
payment for the harm he suffered. Sauter
rejected all of the requests. instead offering
Westmoreland 15 ntinutes of unedited
reaction time on an hour-long prime time
"sequel" to the documentary. The general
refused to appear on the panel-type follow-
up. But the spector of the lawsuit made all
discussions moot. and the sequel has been
indefinitely post-poned.

Does the general have a case? One fac-
tor working to his advantage if the fact that
his home state is South Carolina. one of
the few states. according to The Times. in
which lawyers generally concede that the
advantage is with the plaintiff. That. coupl-
ed with the fact that libel actions against the

And Justice For All

 

make that "Clt----" in the paragrap
above.)

We always felt that losing “the idealism
of youth" was really just copplng out. and
l've always disliked the common practice of
not calling a spade a spade. But l'nt firt-
ding, maybe later than the rest of you. that
there Is a maturation process which
changes one’s priorities. So in the future ill
see if i can't write some positive. helpful
things and still be interesting. Maybe i'll

even sneak in some religious propaganda

 

media. along with verdicts unfavorable to
them. have proliferated consistently since
1976. may be the general's greatest advan~
tage. '

As a "public figure." General
Westmoreland must prove not only tltal
the statements made in the documentary
were false. but also that they were made
"with malice." A 1964 landmark decision
by the US. Supreme Court. ‘New York
Times Co. us. Sullivan, defines malice as
"knowledge that a statement was false or
not." The generai's lawyer. Dan M, Burt,
list 15 charges against General

 

  

... .w ... _.. - -... -“u... as“.-. o“ M _,_. .. _M_d_.m«-mw— “m 

 

 

Wesirnoreland which he said were “falw v
: unfair. innaccurate. and defamatory."
Should the court decide that lltt' .
i documentary did indeed (‘Ullldlti‘
falsehoods. the case may turn CBS's lliilt It
tunate use of the word “conspiracy ' lirw
network has since discredited that term it I
Westmoreland insists the darriage has it. . .
dorte by accu-iing litrii of a 't tit:
punishable by imprisonment and litti' r~
that case. the examples of jt'liitt r. ‘
misconduct cited by the TV (lllftft‘ w ..
arid the CBS investigation may be unit'n r. s
enough for the (lult’litlrtttis -,‘s.iiiit-r t iv‘r
Wallace and Adams to fail the it n .
. malice" test

lint CHE has some stir trig p -.i:t
v' ‘NlitlL' the TV Guide article it‘t '
views of at least \\’|litt.'~-- t ‘
Hawkins. had been ilntoitt d I.
docurtietttary's editors. minivan .!

. views by fV't.'tt’blttt.‘t‘l. wttli l lii'.‘.‘l’.llt; , :..

TV Guide
Hawkins felt he had been Ik‘jitt’ﬁt’ltlt t
j curately. TV Giridealso never ltlt‘lrlllti. -‘ .
Westrnor'elaitd had lL’li'Illlitill'tl it.ru.l..
four times to say that his remark» lliitl ‘ 
taken out of context and l’lawkrris Min. .2
nor that Wesirnoreland had been sent vi 
ter describing the subjects CBS litit’tttlr'rl It
discuss.

Yet even if CBS should win the lti\\‘vtttl
the huge expense of the legal process and
possible negative public reaction might if!
irreparable harm to the already tarnished
reputation of the press. According to Milt'fi
Ciullingsurd. a free-lance writer and Vli‘i
nant vet quoted in a article in The Villagw
Voice. “the lawsuit could stifle the kind of
journalistic investigation still needed lit
order for this country to come to terms with l
Vietnams-and to keep it from happeninrr'
again." ‘ .

Other critics of the U.5.'s lllVUlVL‘iiit’tliJ'
take an opposite. though not C(JItlt-ttlli' '

i
f
.
l

 

  

reporters ostablidrt-ii

tory. tack. According to Bob Brewin. who
writes a television column for Tire \ItJIt'r'
and is also a vet. “in a way l'm glad that
Westmoreland has filed his suit. If we do
refight the Vietnam War in a South
Carolina courtroom. the first casualty of the

 

 

war. the truth. may finally be served." t i

on the sly.

That's not to say that, if pressed. i won't r
acknowledge a spade when i see one. My 1
world-views. which i at least believe to be i
largely accurate. are rarely articulated well i
in public fora. With the critical edge remov- .
ed. 1 may be able to present them even ‘l
more effectively than lit the past. l

i never use the word "l" in my writing. by '
the way. so i bridle slightly at what l've just
written. l'm not at all usually prone to this
baredvsoul introspection. it's really kind of '
tasteless to write about one's self. so please
realize that special circumstances forced me '
to it.

Also. have you heard about the Illlfl
million dollars the State Dormitory
Authority had invested iii a firrn that \Vt‘lil
broke? Apparently only a frattiuii of that
money will ever be recovered. The funds
were meant for construction of new
buildings on state campuses. front what i
understand.

That's quite a blow to the university
system. but for some reason It's gotten very
low media exposure despite the fact that
$300 million ls quite a sizable sum. l l

i
l

ech Walesa wears a picture of her

L on his lapel. The previous
generation of his countrymen

wttnt meekly to the gas cltantbers whisper-
tng her name. Her power is just as great to-
day as it ever was despite centuries of in»
tellectual and theologicat disdain. The iii-
tensity of her adoration has threatened the
Church establishment since the Borgia
Popes lt cottld be dismissedlas fanaticism
but that would be poor judgement

Andy Clarke

Veneration for her is a direct result of a
growing sense of crisis and futility especially
among the wretched of the earth. Poten-
tially site could have as much impact on
world events as the lslarrtic Revolution and
could quite easily take us by surprise as the
Aya'Tolah Khomeini did. Yet to us she re-
mains an enigma although the feminine im-
age of God as riiotlier is still with us She
remains as Blessed Mother. Queen of
Peace. Our Lady of Mercy. Refuge and
Sorrow.

The worsltip of a female deity is more or
less alien to our Judeo-Chttstlan heritage
it's tnost likely the result of our pre~
Christian roots. Christianity required a te-
jectlon of the idolatry common iit most
'convert' communities. Often this was more
tliait titost missionaries or forced coriver~
stons could accomplile Old ways die ltard
artd most tribes couldit't accept the new
faltlt witltout incorporating a great deal of
their own symbols and interns into ii. fit our
dark pagan past. in the cold barbarian
north. my people. the Gaels. made human

Taking

We. it seems, can own ourselves
In imagination.

Who owns what you do?

Who owns what you use

Andrew Gil 8: Jon King

' hen was the last time you were

cool ettough to admit to yourself

that the world don't owe you a
thing? For that matter. no one is required
or held responsible for you achieving the
goals you desire. I've been told by some
that the only things that life has to offer are
taxes. death aitd trouble. Not necessarily irt
11.19!anesthesia:-_,__

iHubert—Kenneth Dickey
‘ . tintevv'hérgamriTg-flieEtc?the'people of
this country have come to think of
themselves as members of an advanced
and privileged society it hasn't dawned
upon most of us yet tltal. all the tri-
dividtrals. when grouped together. forrti
this. pardort my expression. "great
society" Our fearless leader has informed
us tltat now is the time to get government
off people's backs What he has so willfully
forgotten is that historically. this socrety has

 

 

never been able and or \Lillirig to titet't the
needs of the populace

The very idea that millions trpori riirllioiis
inf Attit‘ttcniis do not tune to reali/e that
' they are the working tlnss. astirtnttls tiil’
Hut llit’ti again. but astounded \t'll’ easily

it is also apparent that the people would
prefer the lies of the West to the lilttittt of
the first it is litrl my purpose llit‘it. in
writing this. to itii)\'t' anyone away from his
heartfelt beliefs l seek only to It'ltttrt‘e llli'
dark paint of lies from the .ltsciission
America is not the greatest country on
liarth. The mere fact that | cart say this is
not proof that we are free. however And
before someone says that if i don't like it
here. I cart leave; let me remind him that
speaking your mind is not supposed to be a
crime here. Even if what you have to say is
not likely to receive the majority of popular
support,

Havrng said all that; 1 would like to tell

 

Bell'a‘Dnna'"

. .r .. mu. a mum... “-mm..-“ .- -..o. .. . woe... .4 . _...

 

 

 

  

sacrifices to the various phases of the
irtooir. The blood would be poured over
certain sacred stones and prophecies
would be made from the traces left on the
rock This was done tit ritual worship of the
moon goddess. Christianity was simply run
strong enough to suppress that part of otrr
culture. To this day the Irish remain
superstitious and ritualized while their
religion smacks of mysticism. From the l
Danube tn the east to the river Btiyne. the
moon goddess. mother of the eaitli.rnade
the easy transition to the Vitgtit Mother of
God. it was site and not the Christ or the
complex cosmology of the Trinity. that
cortverted the Slav. Celt. and Teut

And where is tlits cult today? it has much
less of an impact on us in America We en-
joy a great deal of security and material

 

Liberties

  

prosperity often at the expense of those
less fortunate and less civilized in the
peripheral regions of the twentieth century
In the name of liberation. cities have

been leveled. people killed needlesst and,
riotliiitg gained but chaos. In the darker 3
i

parts of the world each generation. armed
With its new convictions briitgs forth upon
itself a new plague. To those who stiffer

through this trauma. most notably in Latin ‘
America and Poland. the new World has '

nothing to offer but holy despair The cult
of the Madonna becomes a focal point of
their frustration. The quest for mu
riiaterials and the good life leaves them
numb. Adoration becomes a reaction
against the present. Those who suffer titen»
ttfy with the personification of suffering iii
the Blessed Mother. Eventually they come

the story of one man's fight against all the l "W Will be ttll'ltihl With Wit " A m'l\'lrtts

odds. Our story begins on a crisp. cool
autumn day. The early morning suit burns
away the fog. frost and dew. The reflected
light upon the multicolored trees gives all
who are lucky enough to witness it. a jolt of
pure life.

tension fills the air much like smoke would
fill a room Eric's voice doesn't show ti. birt
the palms of his hands feel like they are ill ri
sauna,

"i-Zrtc. why do you insist upon being 5o lrrt"
mal.’ We cart both be adults about this

It is also apparent that the people would
prefer the lies of the West to the horror

of the East

In the living quarters of one Eric T
Walker. the world seems cold and hostile.
The only steady job Er'ic has been able to
find. laid him. and two thousand others.
off. The rent is due. I should say past due.
It seems that Eric had only been Working
for three months. He had not paid arty rent
before. because he and the landlady. if you
will pardort my French. used to work it off
iii trade. Well. he was young. and site i er-
taittly was willing

All that is lit the past now it seems now
that Eric has lost his rob. shit ttaiits lii‘i back
rent. now: all three months worth lirit. of
course. like most of its. still tatt't lieltr'w
that on top of losing his job. be \\ill soon be
living on the streets

'l'ltai cowboy in the White lltrli\i’ unnltl
say lllrll the l)etttot'iats are responsible for
this mess. and that we all rinist stay the
course And if llric should find .rll tliis llriitl
to swallow lli' definitely should not engage
in the pint ttce of it‘lilt drug the liirpnblti arts
and putting iii the [lettiotrats

lirir’ was sittiitg on his but when a knock
upon the door brought liistittr'ntton back lit
tlw present it Could only llt.‘ lits landlady.
for no one else would knock this early in
the day. Eric forces himself to use tip off
the bed attd answer the door Sure
enough. it's his landlady. one Millie K Car-
sort.

"Hello. Ms. Carson how the hell are you
today? Since i do not have the rent money
and l'rtt not likely to get it any time soon. ill
be leaving sometime tomorrow. l'Il slip the
keys under your door before i leave. i hope

situation. I hope. As for your leaving. l.\.‘|'
given the matter sortie more thought and
decided that ii wouldn't serve any useful
purpose to turn you out. so to speak " A
smile replaces the blank expression that
had previously blanketed her face. Her
eyes twinkle as if she ltad just spoken in
some secret code that only slit.- and liric
could understand '

"Ms Carson let me get this straight i
don't have to move What changed front
yesterday to today?" Eric‘s face became a
|til\l|ttL’ of perplexitit's l'le shifted his
weight from one leg to the other. doing a
nervous dance

"Well lii'ic. it's like this. l'in not getting
any younger. so when i find sotttetlirtig I
like. I should stick wttli it l't'e bi'i'i-rire
rather attached to you of late. after luerit
lttllitt' last night and thought about ii. if
secured to tire that it would be severe
tit-.loiattot. for ‘.Irti at present to leave
\k'lriih 's my rather long winded way of
saying that l lute you and want to marry
you "

"l'ltat's t't’llitilllV putting all the cards on
the table l get a place to stay and you get
all the i'ortipairroiislirp you need l'tn rtrtt
tit much of a position to argue so i guess ill
have to accept your gracious and
tnagnanintous offer Thank you very much
for thinking of me."His mind twists and
turns trying to figure out exactly what has
happened and more to the point. Eric
begins to wonder what it is be gotten
himself involved on this time.

 

 

t'

i
) ple. Only time Will be able to tell for sure if
i

on
(9’: tang-stunne-

I

to worsltip their pain. in the end freedom
becomes a dangerous proposition since
only her love can set us free.

There is nothing more tragic in people
than the ability to hope. To some. life Is
Such a nightmare that hope becomes
stronger than the will to live. The cult
thrivus on such spiritual cripples. Here Our
Lady becomes a heartless tyrant. We've al ;
heard of people who grab the plastic statue
oit the dashboard as they go sailing _
through the windshield at 80mph. lt‘I tht ‘
fate of des’pair hope becomes instinctive. 

To her t'redtt site does compare well will 1 2
the two major male deities. Yahweh lef
ruthless and vindictive and the bible show' 
how arbitrary and destructive his wrath car
he Allah is a warrior. dividing his time her ;
wee t the world of lslant and the world at
war She picks up the pieces when they
make the world tremble. she forgives. even
those who killed her own son. and most o
all she suffers rather than inflicts. 'l'lrt
Madonna is the God of the peasants. tltc
prisoners and all those who choke on tlir
dust raised by the mighty

And where do i stand in all this? I don‘
believe in arty VtSiIrllS from above. I don't
c\pect a tisitatron on one of those bleal-
mornings ttlien my little room looks morr
like an t.‘lt.'l|iift."S cell than anything else
What people believe is fine with me but
uht-n you go to sleep at riiglti you're all
alone no matter what you think or trim
your friends are ()ur doubts have mucl
less mercy than our convictions
Sometimes I have evil intentions but l'rc
proud of them l'm not sorry. not guilty
.md i don't have to be forgiven.

straight though l'in looking for and expec-
ting a high sexual yield front this particular
. investment. Do | make myself clear. Eric?"
. iiiic nods showing his willingness if not
J quite eagerness to meet the terms of the of-

fer.

"Ms (.‘ar‘son. Millie-you don't nttnd til
i all you Millie‘.’ When does this investment.

is you put it. begin)"

"l'in a fair person. Eric. i thought that
nest week would be soon enough. That
‘lltllllLl git-e you some time to adjust to the
~lflli|llfln How about dinner Friday at my
place to close the deal?" l

" l'hat ~.ounds great to me, Are there arty
hidden clauses ro‘tltis contract that i should
know about. Mike” Eric's stomach turned
and churned as if the Rams and the
llalcnns were playing for the Super Bowl
championship

“Don't be silly. Eric. l'm not about to tell
you if there are any. Letme assure you that
l've told you all you will have._io knowth
ftiltill your part of the bargain Perhaps you
would appreciate some additional trnte to
more full; understand exactly what the
terms of this contract commit you to?"
in an the inflection of her voice it was clear
that although tinI oteiall toiie was one of
|.ilill. this lady llittl laid all her marbles

' upon the table and was not about it) take

‘ no for an answer
" l'littie uon't be any need for that extra
llllit' l'\i' already made up my mind It's a
tlt'ttl. if you are sltll interested." Eric knew
full \\t‘ll that now was itot the tune to be
overly \lillit'lllL’tl ttitlt the crossing of the

' X's and the dotting of the 1's. In the words of

an old Woody Allen movie “Take the
Money and Ruti "

As you can see by now. Eric's troubles
have come and gone only to be replaced
with tvor'ries of n rntrch different sort. in a
world that say to you. Survive! i guess Eric
can be counted as one of the luckier peo-

Eric has all the cards in his favor. What
about this Millie Carson? She can't think
shecan get away with owning a man. does
she? Life has always been stranger than fic~
tton. so iguess it‘s not so strange after

['1

“Eric. i think we should get one thing all. 

'1'

91-- -Ioo odour-u» so.

we»

.W.. ...<

.. c- ...._ .._.~_,....—.-.

 

 

