 

 j‘i‘i‘ytirl xv ariﬁv'rp' rvﬂlqlg  fry-\-

igin-1d cages“!

 

Sharon predicts peace

r New York. N. Y.
(AP) lsraeli Defense Minister Ariel Sharon says a peace
agreement between lsrael and Lebanon could come
“earlier-than people think" but it must come through
direct negotiations between the two countries.

Sharon also told the lsrael bond drive dinner Wednes-
day night that any agreement between his country and
Lebanon must have guarantees “against any possibility
that Lebanon will beconte again a center for world tcr-
rorisnt."

Sharon’s tough talk to an audience that had alread:
pledged millions in aid to lsrael coincided with a new
report of fighting between lsraeli and Lebanese troops in
Beirut. But officials of both countries said the brief skir-
tnish. in which two Lebanese soldiers were killed and an
lsraeli soldier wounded. was "accidental."

Missile plan lacks support

Washington. D. C‘.
(AP) The majority of the Joint Chiefs of Staff advised
President Reagan against ltis missiles basing plan. fearing
tlte president was being “pushed” into a decision before
"technical uncertainties" were resolved. according to the
nation's top military officer.

Three of the five chiefs opposed the plan to bunch the
missiles on a Wyoming plain. Gen. John W Vesscy Jr..
chairman of the Joint Chiefs. told a Senate Armed Ser-
vices Committee ltcaring on Wednesday.

"1 don't think you realize the degree of trouble the MX
basing mode is in . . .." Sen. Sam Nunn told Defense
Secretary Caspar Wcittbcrgcr at the same hearirtg.

Vessey disclosed his colleagues' opposition as resistance
to the so~called "dense pack” basing platt stiffened.

Depttty White House press secretary Larry Spettkcs.
who said the administration anticipates a tough fight in
the Senate for the MX. told reporters today that the Joint
Chiefs" position was "not necessarily" a setback for the
president.

Countlryusying‘er Robbins dies

_ Nashville. Tenn
(AP) Sittger Mary Robbins. a two-time grammy winner
whose ballads about gunfightcrs helped shape the western
style of country music in a 30-year career. died six days
alter surgery for a massive ltcart attack.

St. Thomas Hospital spokesman Lamar Jackson said
the 57-year-old entertainer died of cardiac arrest late
Wendcsday as his wife. Marizona. arid son attd drutgltter
waited in a nearby room.

Robbins, who had a triple-bypass operation in I970 arid
a heart attack last ycrtr. underwent art ti'/z-hour
quadruple-bypass operation a week ago after being
hospitalized with chest pains.

The singer. who won the first of his two Grammy
awards in 1960 for"El Paso." had been listed iit extreme-
ly critical conditiort with a heart pump and respirator
aiding his circulation and breathing.

Sinatra files lawsuit

. Riverside. Cali/1
(AP) Frank Sinatra has filed a $1.5 million lawsuit against
acnrpet store owner and two fans who say they got car-
ried away by using the singer‘s picture in art ad without his
permission.

“it was a dumb thing." said Winston Greene. co-
publishcr of the Easy-Ad circular that carried the carpet
ad with Sinatra‘s photo itt its Nov. 12 edition.

But Greene added jokingly. “I’m glad Frank reads our
paper."

The suit Monday in Riverside Superior Court names as
defendants the two publishers—Greene and his sort
Winston Greene Jr.—and Gaye Garsidc. owner of the
Floor to Reiling Fashion Center.

in the lawsuit Sinatra. 66. estimated that his cn-
dorscmcnts are $500,000 arid said unauthorized commer-
cia|l use of his name and photographs "dilutes" their
va ue.

Economic relief predicted

Washington. D. C.
(AP) President Reagan’s chief economist. joining a trust
of private economists who are predicting the recession will
end soon. said today the economy remains "very weak"
but that a recovery is imminent.

Although private economists increasingly are saying
economic growth will resume next year. however. few
foresee a robust rebound from the loagcst recession in the
postwar period.

 

r91 vlﬂ'!!|\l“' -t.\

El

Feeling out of place?

Dr. Leon H. Seitetman of Pratt and Whitney Aircraft.
will present a mathematics colloquium “What’s a
mathematician like you doing in a place like that?" today
at 4 pm. in Earth Science 140.

Coffee will be served 3:30 pm. in Earth Science 152.

 

Flaky festival

Killington is offeriitg special rates to college students
who purchase five dtty lift plans dtirittg the weeks of
. December [9-24, January 2-7. 9-14. 16-21. arid 23-28. A
full week of activities and parties are scheduled for college
students all over the country registered for tire
Killington's Intercollegiate Ski Fest '83.
. Packages for the Ski Fest start at $188.50. including
lifts and lodging with four in a room. For reservations call
the Killirtgton Lodgiitg Bureau (802) 422-3711. 8 a.rn. — 9
pm. daily. Groups of 20 or more 'all (802) 422-3333.

 

Campus briefs

Departing souls

The Decerttber Graduatcs' Assembly will be held Sun.
day. December l2. 2 p.m. in the CC. Ballroom and will
be followed by a reception.

The event recognizes titosc students who are completing
their degree rcquiretncnts in December and may be lcitv.
ing the university. it is open to these students. ltunily
members and friends.

Merry melodies

Tltc SUNYA Gospel Choir will be starting on the
Cltristmas spirit at the Performing Arts Center Rctilal
Hall. Friday. December t7. 7:30 pm. Donations are 75
cents with tax card; $1.00 withotrt. '

For furtltcr information call Renee 457-8790.

Sharing the pain

if you have had a loved one die by suicide. you know
that the joys of the holiday season only highlight your
own personal pain.

SAFE PLACE offers its second monthly meeting for
people grieving the loss of a loved one by suicide on Tues-
day. December 14. 7:30 p.m. at 727 Madison Avenue.
Albany.

For details call 482-0799. evening arid weekends.

Women’s ball

Come jingle your bells at a holiday dance sponsored bv
the Tri-City Women’s Center. Tltc dattce will be held
Saturday. Dccetnbcr 18. 8:30 p.m. at 196 Morton
Avenue. Albany. All women are welcome.

For ntore information call the Women's Center at
434-3755.

 

 

 

 

Martin S. Fcldstcin confirtucd Wednesday night as
chairman of the President's Council of Economic Ad-
visers. told the Joint Economic Cotnmittce of Congress
today he expects unemployment "will soon be declining."
as the recovery takes ltold.

But Fcldstcin dcclitted to make arty specific predictions
about when the long-expected recovery would arrive or
when and by ltow much the jobless rate. now at a 42-year
high of 10.8 percent. would fall.

Timber exports increase

’ASHINGTON. D. C.
(AP) Timber products. ranging from hardwoods selected
from small fartn woodlots to huge logs of Douglas fir crtt
trorn vast Western forests. are becotning increasingly irn-
portunt as U.S. exports.

In all. the total valtrc of timber products exported last
year was about $7.9 billioti. says the Agricttlture Depart-
ment.

Japan is tltc l-ading export market for softwood logs
and ltrmber. pulp chips. wood prrlp. arid paper and board
products. Western Europe is a leading market for wood
ptilp. paper and board products. and smaller ntnonnts of
lumber arid plywood.

'l‘hc USDA‘s Foreign Agricultural Service says that ex-
ports of solid wood products alone are wortlt about $3
billioit a year to tire forest industry. Attd sales are ex-
pected to at least double by the ertd of the decade.

Chrysler, UAW affirm wages

High/(IIIth r' r '
(Al’) Chrysler Corp. and the attto workers trrrionaalgictillcdh
an immediate wage increase Thursday to end a five-week
old Canadian strike. and top negotiators llew brick to
Detroit to work out a pact for the company‘s 85.000 U S
workers. In
United Auto Workers trrtion bargainers refused to
reveal the size of the Canadian pay raise. btit earlier this
week they had rejected 30 cents tltt hour. saying the rank
and file demand at least $1 tin hour. ‘
u The raise. negotiated in trtlks that began Nov. 22. was
substantial." said Ken Gerard. presidcttt of the Crun-
dian UAW bargaining committee. "We're happy to see
that the company catnc here with the atnortnt of inone
that we were looking for. I'm sure the membership will
rirttly it witltout any problent.“ I

Washington protester dies

Washington, 0.0

MP) A nuclear weapons protester who held the

Washington Monument hestrtge for 10 hours died with a

police bullet in his head at the wheel of a van as empty as
his threat to blast the monttmcnt to rubble.

Norman D. Mayer was killed Wednesday night after

 

 

trapping nine people in the monument and holding police
at bay with threats to detonate the explosives he said y ere
packed in the van at the base of thc obelisk. There were
none.

The monument itself remained closed Thursday itx
workers cleared the remnants of tear gas fired by police to
flush out what they tlroirglit was a second person ittvolvcd
in the incident. No one was fottnd.

Elsewhere. the capital rettirrtcd to normal. ’l‘housrmdx
of federal workers evacuated during the siege were at
work; traffic and the city’s subway floxvcd normally.

Mayer. a Wltitc Hortsc protester whom no one had
much noticed. ltrtd been obsessed by a conviction that
mankind is drifting toward nuclear extinction. He died iii
a final gesture for. as he had put it earlier. “a national
dialogue on tlie ttuclear weapons question.“

Missiles to be deployed

Brim".- - 1'
(Al’) Secretary of State George 1’. Shultz is 
backing down" by NATO's European members on it
decision to deploy U.S. nuclear missiles in Europe next
year. a State Department spokesman says.

Speculation persisted that Tuesday‘s House of
Representatives vote against MX millile productioti ming
encourage opponents of dcploytncnt ol' U.S. missiles in
Europe. The M.\' is now under Scttatc consideration.

Opponents had been expected to argue that since the
Atltcr"iitts secured to bc rejecting the $988 million MN
system for dcploytttcitt itt their country, it would be unfair
to ask tltc Europeans to accept 572 cruise tittd l’crshiuv 3
tllth'ics. set for dcploytnerit starting lrrtc iti 1983.
‘ " l lterc seems to be a good strong will to move ahead."
State Department spokesman John Hughes told reporters
wednesday. he was briefing tltcrrr on prclirrritiary talks
belore today‘s opening of a two-day riiectiiig of North
Atlantic Treaty Organization foreign ministers.

Rescue copter crashes

' . Mmtrt 'ml. Nico/um!”

(Am An itrr lorce helicopter evacuating hidian children
lrom what the governruent 'ulled air “area of violence“ in
northern Nicaragua crushed Thursday. killing 75 children.
Nicaraguan officials said.

A Defense Ministry statement srrid three children arid the
helicopter 8 crew of four survived the crrrslt.

" A second helicopter tryirtg to evacuate the survivors Wits
ltrcd upon by tnacltittes guns. said Cttltttrc Mittistcr Ernesto
Cardenal. who gave no further details.

‘ Cardenal. who issued a statement on ltis own almost
simultaneously with the Defense Ministry's, said the
lreltcoptcr crashed in a mountainous area and caught fire
near San Andres dc llocay. 219 miles north of the cttttiml'
atria-said the government is investigating the cause of the

s .

 

By Marc Schwarz
issuerx re spam err/ran

A stadium to house the Albany A's will
not be built on the university campus at this
tiritc. according to Albany County Ex-
ecritivc Jim Coync. “Negotiations between
the university rind myself have broken off."
Coync said.

According to President Vincent O‘Leary.
rt temporary site could not be found for the
baseball team while questions of legality
and policy were decided.

'l'hc learn and the county needed cottfir-
mation on a field within the next few weeks
so that preparations could be made for the
season that opens iii the spring. according
to Coync.

“It would not be possible in the next days
or weeks to arrange all the legal issues to get
a pro team here.” O'Leary said.

The legality of such a move and whether
the SUNY Board of Trustees wanted to in-
itiirtc such a policy were questions that hung
over the negotiations. Approvttl was needed
frorii the Division of Budget. Audit Cott-
trol. the State Attorney General. arid the
State Legislature in order for any ugrcerucnt
between the school and the county to be
finalized. according to O'Leary.

"The rttrrttcr was under review. There
were a lot of qttcstions that lutd to be
resolved. Things like this take time and
that‘s one thing the county did not have.
‘lhc SUNY system itnd the state are slow

Council urges repeal of Solomo

By Heidi Gralla
- M,._..-._-c_,

After a lteatcd debate Wednesday night.
Central Council passed a resolution 13-12
callittg for the repeal of it new U.S. law
which dcnics financial aid to students not
registered for the draft.

The new U.S. law "will have a dispropor-
tionate impact on economically disadvan-
titgcd mules." stated Council's resolution.
introduced by the Sttidcttt Aetioir Comrnit-
tee. Tltc resolution does not intend “to ad-
dress the issue of tire legality of tire draft."

The law. called tltc Solomon Amend-
tncttt. was signed by President Reagan on

 

moving and fast action was needed."
O'Leary said. “Our attempts to find an in-
terim place fell through. There was no
satisfactory alternative. while the issues
were being decided."

"The SUNY Board of Trustees and people
at the state level ltave not been able to see fit
for a professional team on campus." Coync
said.

“There has never been an activity tltut
collects a 'gate' by a professional team on a
SUNY campus.” O'Leary said. A profes-
sional team has rtevcr played on a state
university campus. The Buffalo Bills train
on Frcdonia facilities. brtt no revenue pro-
ducing team has ever held sporting events
on a cartipus.

While the proposal to build a stadium on
campus to house tltc A's hits fallen through
the university is still going ahead on its
original proposal for athletic facility im-
provement. according to O'Leary. The
plan. drawn up by a committee of faculty.
students and University Council members a
year ago. calls for art rill-purpose lighted
field with seating for 6.000 on the site of the
present football field. The stadium which
would host football. soccer. lacrosse. track
and field events and general recreation is
the first step iii a two part improvement
plan. The second phase is the building of a
ficklhousc, according to O'Leary.

The proposal improvements would be
financed through cornmnnity help. A

Sept. 8. 1982. It is expected to go into cf-
l'cct July 1. WM.

Student Action Committee chair Rich
Scltaffer told Council that his major objec-
tion to tire Solornort Amendtncnt is “its
singling out one specific instance of break-
ing the law." He later addcd. “if they're
(U.S. government) going to tie breaking the
law into financial aid. their they tttiglrt its
well tic breaking all laws ittto financial
aid." He also mentioned that he feels the
:ttttcndmcnt is unfair because it doesn‘t af-
fect people not in ttccd of financial aid.

Central Council chair .Ieft' Fromm.
whose votc broke the 12-12 tic. said ltc

 

IPresldent Vincent O'Leary

T'Tite SUN Y .rysIcm ulll/ Ilte .rlule are slow moving. and fax! rte/ion was Ilt't'llt‘d. "

rcvatnped proposal with updated financing
will be issued by the university early next
semester. according to O'Leary.

The county must now look for another
site to house the A's. Coync said that they
were considering certain places. bttl dcclitt-
cd to name them.

County and community support might be
diverted from tltc university's proposals for
facilities by the ttccd to finance a home for
the new professional baseball team.

decided to vote yes because. “you cart bc
comictcd of arty other crintc and financial
aid is still offered to you." He said he
wouldn‘t be so opposed to the governtttcnt
actions if tltcy included all law-breakers.

The male tncmbcrs at the meeting up-
pitrcntly felt this issue personally. as several
of tltcir arguments ittcludcd their own feel-
ittgs toward tltc draft. Tltcy were
noticeably tttorc ttttlxpttlx‘L‘ll itt this issue
tltcn tltc female members.

Some members argued that Council's
resolution implies that Council is condon-
ing breaking tltc law by resisting the draft.
State Quad representative .icff Schneider

“1 don't think it will hurt." O'Leary
xaid. "I tltitik the county would find suffi—
clcnt tisc ltcrc to continue to fund a wise in-
vestment here." '

"We expect to build a stadium here that
other people can rise." he added. “We are
doing this for the purpose of helping to get
facilities for the students. With the baseball
learn coming onto the scene. I think we lost
focus of the bigger isxsttcx. helping the
students." L‘

n Amendment

explained. "1 don't bellcxc Council should
support people breaking this law if they
aren't willing to take it chance on defending
this country then they shouldn't accept
federal aid." ’ . _
Other members claimed that linani‘iul aid
should have no relation to the draft and
that this is unfair punishment hc‘arisc it
doesn‘t affect all non-registrants. Alumni
Quad represetttittixe lit ic Sutttcr said "when
you break the [an yoit go to court and get
fined or sent to jail. I‘hix (dcttial of finan-
cial aid) has absolutely nothing to do with
draft registration."
5»

Dr. Westheimer calls for sexual responsibility

 

By Laura Nuss

s/ "7' tritium—mm ‘__A__

Dr. Ruth Westltcitttct‘ urged her well—
known plea to sexually active people to use
contraceptives durittg ltcr spccclt on human
sexuality Wednesday night itt tltc Campus
t'cntcr ltullroom.

'l'lie 4'7" Wcstheimcr. who is old

enough to bc a grandmother to most of her

audience. is currently host of tire frank New
York ('ity radio cull-in program. “Sexually
Speaking." its well as ltcr own '1 .V. talk
show.

Westhcintcr. affectionately known as
"Dr. Ruth." announced her mission to
create a “generation of sexually litctiitc
people." arid considers contraception :tx
her first priority concerning xcxnitl
awareness and responsibility.

‘I don't care if 1 sound like a brokctt
record." she exclaimed when taking the
podium —— “Do yott have good contracep—

 

tivcs'.’ ”
Wcsthcimcr. who is it sexual therapist at

licllcvuc Hospital itt New York City. warned
that if a person is going to engage iii sexual
activities. it is tltcir responsibility to take
precautions against pregnancy. She pointed
out that iii a sexually active society as ours,
condoms should be tirade tnorc rcttdily
available. “We ltrtve one and a half million
lceiittge girls who are pregnant who don't
wuttt to be." she said. "This would be it

giant step forward."
Calling herself

Westheinter explained. “I don‘t think sex-

old-fashioned.

 

ED MARUSSICN UPS

Dr. Ruth Westhelrngr_V7

7ft iiditjematit Inu'e/ilt' vex ?
utility is everything in a relationship. Other
aspects such as intcllccntttl stimulation.
trirst. and love are equally as important.“

 

But. she said. “since this is a generation of
sexually active young people. literacy con-
cerning consequences of this activity is

vital."

She went on to illustrate how appalled
she is by the horrible misconceptions still
circulating in our society. She revealed that
through it number of studies. it has been
determined that "most people do mnstrtr-

 

bate at some tirtrc or another in their lives."

"Sexuality bcgins when a child is born."
\Vcstltcimcr explained. "but we always
push tltcir hand ittvuy often they touch bet-
ween tltcir thighs."

This curly .txctsixc conditioning can
foster inhibitions latci itt life. causing some
people to scck therapy. \chthcitner
noted. “We llil\L‘ to be l'rect iit sexuality."
xltc declared. “cxpccirilly since we belong to
it society where xcxtrrrtity is at private thing."

"Don‘t tell little girls (and hoyx) not to
touch down there. Unly bad girls (and boys)
do that." she mimicked.

More \ctimtsly‘. she added. "this teaches
tit-cut that it (masturbation) is wrong."

Another untortnnirtc inytli people scent
to beliexc. said \\'cxtltcimcr. ix lllitl but ing it
homosexual experience nurkcs that per xttll it
hornoxcxuul. "We don't know anything
about homosexuality — what causes ." she
xttid. " There are certain speculations. like
gender identity and parenting. but we just
don‘t know.“

According to \k’cxthcirner. Sigmund
l‘rcud is responsible for another fallacy.
Site said lie believed that worttctt could ltitve
two types of orgasms; a mature woman has
a vaginal orgasm. one without clitoral
stimulation. while art immature woman
needs clitoral stimulation to reaclt orgasm.

“This is utitrtrc." exclaimed Westlteittter.
“in fact. the clitoris has no physiological
function. Its sole function is sexual
pleasure."

When teaching human sexuality.

 
 

     

\\’csthcitncr‘s philosophy is to never ask
embarrassing questions. She t'olloxxx this
principle to avoid intimidating tltc person.
“i don‘t bclong to the school who ask if
you had your first homosexual experience.
or which band do you masturbate with."
said \‘\'esthcimer. She feels "all aspects of
sexuality can be talked about iii a
framework tttut doesn‘t ptrt anyone on the
spot,"

When \\'cxthcirncr opcncd the floor to
rptcxtitinx. liruce l’urk \\iltlit.‘tl to know if.
“people who are scxually active are
psychologically healthier."

“That‘s a fantastic qtlL‘xlltttt. l'nfot-
tunatcly i can't illlx\\‘t'l' it." said
\\'esthcimcr. "since tltctc's not enough
xcicntil'ic data to \crify it.“ llmxcxcr. .xitc
added. “it cart be psychologically unhealthy
for someone who is sexually itctixe without
wanting to be."

in response to a question concerning
Itcrpcs’ effect on the sexual rcxolution.
\V’cstheirnct reported that herpes will not
ing xcxual ttttitudcs back to tltc time of the
Victorian age. but one night stands have
been effected.

During the lecture. Westhcimer presented
two short films. "Quickie". depicted a cou-
ple engaging in sexual activity iii a period of
25 seconds. In this situation. \Vesthelmer
believed neither person achieved orgasm.
The second film. "Orange". depicted the
fruit as air aphrodisiac.

The speech was sponsored by the

. Speaker‘s Forum. El

 

  
 

   
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
    
   
   
  

