 

 

 

11155111? State
Button (lull

Fleeting: Wednesday,,nee~ 8 ‘
:OOPJII. - Room IA 1.9 I

M
e° ‘4
GOOD
FOR ‘l
THREE
TIMES
O”?

 

For further information call:
Howard Becker 465-3036

 

EVERY FRI. at the STRING
Live Entertainment
This Fri. 8; Next
FUZZY BROS.

Every Sunday Nashville Recording
Artist ~
COUNTRY JIM HEALY
Bring College l.D. and Drink 2 for l-Always

With this Ad - 1 Free Drink
Kitchen always open

$1 .00 on
“ H o r
STUFF”

Sunday Special

    
    
    

with this coupon you'll receive

any loot-long sandwich for 99'

when you purchase another 0!

comparable value at the usual

listed price. rump-mm N... an. u-
Had

THE SHOE STRING INN
458 DELAWARE AVE.
ALBANY, NY

462-9389

  

 

 

America's rune-u Foot Long lone-t;
. —————-
l182 Western Avenue;

431-4 I I 9

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’2' <

 

Downhill and cross country skiing,

the fire; that’s what Camp Dippikill is all

maintained for overnight or longer stays.

* * * * * CAMP DIPPIKILL* * * **
***** WINTER BREAK *****

snowshoeing, ice skating or just sitting around

about. Our student Association owned camp is
a vast 840 acre tract of forest land dotted with
rustic cabins and lodges located only 10 miles
from Gore Mountain Ski Center and 13 miles
north of Lake George Village. Open every day
of the year, the camp has seven buildings with
capacities from 4 to 24, all winterized and

Snowshoes are available at the Camp to use on
its seven miles of will marked trails (five miles

FEAST OF THE
IMMACULATE
CONCEPTION

WEDNESDAY -DECEMBER 8th
MASSES — 11:15 AM and 4:30 PM

 

 

of which are cross country skiable). When
snow conditions permit, Dippikill Pond’s 50
acre surface provides unsurpassed ice skating
opportunities

For further detailed information, a
complete discription of each cabin and lodge
and for making reservations; just visit the
Student Association Office in Campus Center
116. There is still plenty of space available
during the long intersession break after
Christmas.

 

 

 

 

 

end ‘IIO semester “I‘ll

A‘AAAA
'v'vv' ‘

CINE I'LG 1

CINE "1‘ I8

 

\AAA‘A“
vv'v'va

 

UNIVERSITY CINEMAS

TI'IIIIIS. DEC. 9

ELHZING
Jerome's

7:30 8: 10:00

(also shown midnight fri. & sat)

GALLIPﬂLl

7:00 & 10:00

i We are in full stock of everything...

5221-22.

FRIDAY99EGEI‘IBER IO,I981
at 4- PM

This is your last chance to

STOCK UP FOR FINALS I“
Members: Refunds this week -

Have a good vacation and see you next semester.

FRI” SAT.
DEG. I9, I!

 

ii r
730 & 10:00

 

 

 

 

 

7:30 8: 10:00

 

 

 

 

  
  

9

our:

nae-s

..r~. 4.. 4. IA.M—~1P.A '...

aspects on tuesday

..,......_ . w». . .y-

r.......,.. ... u... .u-

All Dolled Up

New York Dolls:
Too much
too soon

he New York Dolls were a
' powerful, influential. yet often
overlooked band formed in the
early 1970's. They have been described by
some as soulless drugged transvestites who
could barely play their instruments and by
others as the saviors oi rock n'roll. As with
all "legendary" groups the truth lay
somewhere In between. but their contribu-
tion to rock music should not be disregard-
ed.

Chris Berlingieri

 

The Dolls basically consisted of live New
York City teenagers who cared mostly
about playing rock'n'roll. getting wrecked
and getting laid. The music they generated
though was fresh. energetic and years
ahead of its time.

The New York Dolls was formed in the
full of 1971 by seventeen your old .lolrniiy
Thunders on guitar illitl voc-ils rind tncliril
L'tl Aitlriir "Killer" lirint' on boss. liiik
ltivr'ts on guitar and Billy Murrin on tiltitii‘»
l}.i\’|tl .loliriiisuii took the spot of li'nd
singer tivo months inter tlll‘l liiwta li'lr lII
l'chrnrnv of the next your. being H’plilt't'il
liv H‘ylvriiii Sylvnin. The Dolls were soon
plriying rrrrt'v 4| wer to it sninll bill lilkltll
following tliilll‘D1lfilK’i St. Arts Center An
umvllrurt tlr)t'tlllit'lll of their sound (‘1 that
point turn by found on the cassette -— only
inhiit‘h Krllr'is incorded iii the summer of
'72 The band had been together in that
form only four rind .i llilli months rind the
tape features some of their early classics
rrlong witlr a version of “Don't Mess With
Cupid." a song originally done by Otis
Redding. Despite the loci thnt they were for
the most part unknown. they plode in

  

front oi 13.000 people opening for Rod
Stewart and the Faces in England in the fall
oi 1972. Two weeks later Billy Murcia died
from an overdose and was replaced by
Jerry Nolan.

The. lineup of Johrinsen. Thunders. Syl-
vnln. Nolrin and Kane is that wtrlch ap-
pears on their two iilbtlltis. .lohrinsen corir
tributed most of the lyrics and sung with n
iorceiui voice Thunders also did much of
the songwriting. providiirg most of the
music. His powvrfnl distortion lends .ind
irristrl background \ioctrls deirnr-rl .r big port
of the Dolls' sound Sylvtnii wris .i v.rln.rblr:
rlll'rll'ttlliltl bnnd inmnlrur supplying girrtrir.
piano. bar king vornls rlllil songuiiting

l Knnr' .rrrd Nolon in.rdr' up tlru right ilryilrrii

sru‘tron I'hi' Dolls u't'lr‘ ~tililt’\\‘licttl but

\vt-i'n glint-r tllltl punk. running fltrslry

. rl'illltW illlll lll-llit’*U[‘l wlrrlr- plriyiirg loud.

lilW rock n'ioll ’llrcy were the rnnror in
flur-ncc on bands such ris The bus l’islols.
The Clash and the Damned Thuy grin: tlrr'
boring, Sldgllt’lli old brinds of tire curly 70's
it swrit kick in the arse

Their debut album. New ’ork Dolls. wns
relensed iii 1971i. Tilt? songs dunl inniirly
with city life. teenage life rillLl the loneliness
of the two. The rilbum starts off with the
potent "i’orsonnlity Crisis." probably their
best known song. “Frankenstein” litrs one
of the most intense build-ups l've ever

The Doilie Duo

lltl now for «orrrctlring completely
tlilivlt'til "'l'hr' Doilru Sisters."
\k’illtr'ii. choreographed. rind lir't'

loriiied by (.foirstrrncu ani‘r and briir‘rlr Srrf
ioi'd Will be [‘tlc‘tt‘llltztl .rl h pin. llizt'urnbm
lit and 11, rn \llti'r'r'r‘s l'i'iilrtliillltl Ans

(it 'ntor

Donna MacMiiiun

llr-‘in' w ll-tirr Ilr-‘l in "Tlii' lioilrw twistr'is”
lril Ilrtu on! illi: lot or. of il'n' prtr'u 'llrwru'u
llllllll‘ Ht 'lln- llrrlrh' Sylvia.” l‘iu ii in not r
u 'u‘. irtv r..ri lirllilr’ ‘rllt '.l \Iillilllnr'll of
‘rlirnl \lx'tt lit"> "Tlu'

“tbir‘tw” tolls .r ~irrru. lrul lllt‘tx‘ I“ no

lllillltti- l Dolli-

vlinlrrguv llru ‘xltllu’ r .rrnrot lrr' r lrirr‘dlh’ll .r:.
in longing to any oin' rli‘~r iplnru. IrtlltL'l. it In
.rii .initilgtirn of .ill of lllt‘lll It is Hilciit
l'lrratitr't. tr continuous story. told through
lllIWt‘lilt'lil. wrtlr drrncu n sucondtrry ele-
ment in the dolinmrtron oi the chnrticters

Originally .r olil‘L‘l thuntre Show performA
ed iir Albnny. “The Doiliu Sisters" tells the
story of Lulu and Flo. two women who
meet in it dance studio in the 1930's.
Neither wornzin is particularly successful by
herself. so they decide to collaborate on an
rict. The plriy follows their lives together.
both performing and personal. as they tour
With the USO during World War ll. per~
forirr with swing bonds. grow close itllLl
grow apart. The story is told through niiniu
nnd dniicu numbers which have their roots
in American illUSlC-‘ll theatre.

anis. who portrays Lulu in the npconi~
ing production. currently teaches nioth—
nicnt rlllll drince nt SUNYA'S Thunter
Department. She received her mime ti'iiin~
ing with Paul Curtis frorri the Allit‘l’lfitii
Mime Theater rind Sterling Henson of
Etienne Dccroux Company and School.

 

 

 

- ,1. ,1...»th i. k «Sui; '4 "r: m... issuer; ..

 

l

..... .. - ’wn.>‘~“—. .""'.. .0. .r "T. '.. ‘.'".‘

henrd. Give a listen to such other great
‘tunes as "Trash." "Bad Girl." "Pills" and so
ion. they'll make you move as much as any
dance-oriented band around today. The
album ends with the heavy guitar oi “Jet
Boy".(Fans oi more mainstream .‘irilsts
should note the album was produced by
one Todd Rundgren.)

Their second rlilil iiirtil olbriin \Url’i the all
too appropriately titled Too Much Too
Soon. released in 19711 four of the ten
songs rltt' i‘ovr'is but fit the llrrll-i' style
PL‘IiUtllV They do ruvctl np versions of
"Stranded lit the tlrnrglv" .ind "Donl Shirl
Mu llrllrin." .rnrong orlwis "l‘lrrrttr'ibox"
it'ritiitw‘» Johnny l'lriuntr'rs wlrlirlrrg lurid
vocals Hrnriiui tlri'nn-s to tliir~i' on the first
nlbiini .rie ll.|tttll\'(l on .‘lslIl‘Vlllilh. “l llllllrlll
living" and "Who Alt’ 'I'lrtl Mystery Girls?"
l.l'rl|‘iiltltl to these tilbiinis you may say
"What's so new rtl)trlli rill tliis“" Well. that's
the whole porrrt lllL‘ irrn-rrc is totally con»
temporary, \Ulllll‘ ten yours .igo their sound
was tr breath of fresh air tornpnrcd to the
stale strains of the soft rock ||t\‘Vt‘lrllll (‘1
that time.

While it's probably true the Dolls were
greater than the sum oi it's pnrts. the solo
inntei‘itrl released by lllL‘ llrllltl nrcrnbvrs is
well worth checking out Dnvid .lohiinscn
litis recvivcd the most t‘OlIltilClClrll rtlit’ll'
tint]. His first album relurisud in 1078 is tlw

Dance

 

She studied dtrnce on n scholarship to the
Alvin Ailey School of American Dnnce and
taught jazz doncr: thiouglr ilii «issistnrrtslilp
wltlr Not Home. in addition. she has
studied with Mutt Mnttox. Pepsi Bethel.
Thelma Hill and Cherries Cook, and also
tnuglil oi the (.‘oiisuruutoi‘ru d'Artr's
Drainatique.

Her partner. Siii'rih Stiffoid. has equally
impressive (:rcdenlinls. She is (I member of
several professional children's thenter
groups She received her training at the
School of American ilnllet. the California
institute for the Arts. the Nikolais Louis
Dance Theater Lab. illltl the Clilik Center
for the Performing Arts. She portrays Flo in
the upcoming production.

Valis and Sutton] met in 1976. when.
just like Lulu and Flo, both were working

 

 

on solo dnnces which just were not work«
ing out. They helped each other out. and
in 1077. developed Open Milne. inc. with
one other person. They created 5 mime
plays with musical accompaniment ranging
from a player piano to the Springfield Sym—
phony Orchestra. Open Mime works in a
theatrical framework. always using music
as n subtext,

Vrilis tnlked about the inriiringe of mime.
tlreritci. illitl dnnce which constitute “The
Dollie Sisters". In her office. a bulletin
bonid lorrde wiilr .i variety of masks made
by her students loomed behind her. Occu-
sionzrlly she would leap up from her desk to
illustrate .r dance step or a move. but even
at her desk she seemed to be in constant
motion. She discussed the concept of
Silent Theater. one interpretation of which
is the incorporation of movement and

l

 

 

 

l

 

“mo-‘7‘."-
. .dwv» A-.~r- u.‘ M

 

 

 

most rocking. while his later LPs expand
ron it. He's always been a great irontman
llive. Johnny Thunders has retained the
Dolls sound the most. He has a solo
ﬁlbiim. So Alone. and a couple with the

l'lerrrtbrenkers. the band he formed after
ltlre break-up of the Dolls In 1975.
LAM F. has n good dirty sound but failed
to capture their live power which can be
heard on Lime tli Max's (Hid Live at the
Speakeasy, Witness these for some of the
most driving rock n'roll turd funniest bet»
ween song i.rp:; on vinyl When .lohnny
can stand up In: («in choke SlJlilt scorching
lends out of his guitar 5ng Sylvnin THIS n
more pop sound In his nintuiinl l’tnnu .iiirl
Noluii llrIVr' played with nunrurous lJrIIlKTS
but how relented wry lllilil ('liir' of the
more esriling things they did was plnylng
with Mlt‘lt Jones of The flush til the bond
Sid Vicious il'llllt'tl Wlit‘li ll" plnyml Marx's
Krinsns City

l‘lopuitilly. the New York Dolls have not
been forgotten in the rilllliIlS of rock history
The ntnplrelrrrnine-rush of their two super-
charged albums have influenced a
countless number of bands. The music on
those albums sounds completely up-to-
diite. even ten years inter They were a
powerful rock n'roli DrlIILT that just did a lit-
tle too much. it little too soon,

llll‘rllt‘l “Mime is the .rr'tor who ctin move.
use his body in the rtnr i c vombultiry." she
sold. “and the lltlllCifI who can motivate
tlrwiliimlly. Mrnre is the to between for ihcl
two disciplines."

in essence. "The Doili- Sisters" is a new
form which translates a mime event into a
theatrical structure. It luiinately tells a
story. but not ConVCiillUi illy. The relation
women is told

techniques of

ship between the tw
through the moveni it
ilirnr‘e. mime. music. Zilltl 7~ l've said
enough home things aim better left {is sur-
prst iAnywny. l promised not to tell.)

The music for the production is prriorm-
ltd by the tiny Rr'ttig Trio. whose jazz con-
certs me Well known to many SUN‘r'A
ctrtit‘utlrglrrc’tﬁ. Cnrol M. 'l‘rrnznr-in. the
director. has directed several productions
in the Albany urea. and is the artistic direc~
tor for Stone Soup Players. and Albany
children's theater group and also ussrstuirt
directed for Andre Serban for As You Like
It at La Mama Cafe in New York City. in
Germany. and for a tour of the Soviet
Union. Finally. “The Doille Sisters." which
is sponsored in part by the NYS Council on
the Arts and partially by SUNYA's Theatre
Council is returning to Albany. aiter enjoy-
ing a successful debut at La Mama Cafe in
New York City. Valis expressed an interest
in exposing SUNYA students to silent
theatre. and especially for her own
students. inspiring them to explore their
own potential for expressive movement

if you like jazz. tap dancing. musicals.
mime. or any combination of the above or
all of the above. don't miss "The Dollie
Sisters", 1 can't think of a more novel way
to take a break from studying for finals —
after all. how many depressed faces do you
see coming out of a musical? [:1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

