 

 

 

 

AVA

AAA
'vvvv' AAAA

 

       
  
  

vv

 

   

v 5 JOIN,
'SA's Budget

‘ committee
**=|F.** *************

Decide How Your Money
Is Spent v

Call Joe Ranni or Daue Pologe at 7-8087
Interest Meeting Tuesday 2/9 7:00 in SA Lounge
Applications Due 2/12

’ " O O. 0’.-

THE FOOD COOP
is OPEN!!! ‘

Hours are:

9:30-8:00 M W
I 0:00-8:00 T, Th
, 9:30-5:00 F
membership sign-up
all wee

 

 

 

An Educational Seminar

DEALING WITH
DEATH

Jewish Issues in Der th.
Dying and Mourning

Sunday. Feb. 21, 1982
12 Noon -- 4:30 PM
CC Assembly Hall

Reservations MUST be
made at the JSC—Hillel
office: CC 320 by
Sunday, February 14th

Students: Free of Charge

 

 

5))! IIISOI’C’i'l by JSC-l lillri’l I
S/‘t l’intdccl 
l".(.)) more. s’tijorittatioii call: i

45 7- 7508. or 459-8000

 

 

 

 

 

A AA. A

’ ' TONIGHT!!! ’ ‘ l
- ELECTION & SOCIAL!

Elections are being held for a Steering Committee
position in one of the campus’s fastest growing
groups; the THE GAY AND LESBIAN ALLIANCE
The election will be followed by a social ; come
and hear about the a many new activities planned

 

for this semester.

TONIGHT CC 375

8:30pm
All are welcome!
For further information call: 457-4078

 

 

BUSINESS & INTENDED
BUSINESS MAJORS

ENHANCE YOUR BUSINESS CAREERS
WITH

ZBdta grams 3%!

‘l (THE PHUI‘ESSIONAL BUSINESS FRATERNITY)
t MEET us .

“KEG WITH THE BROTHERS”

WED. FEB. 10 9:00 PM

 

G °ua 0‘ B!‘ 3‘ ‘u‘ 3‘ ~”‘ 36 ’I‘ 3‘ ~v‘ a6 “a. ‘ as .u‘ as .

i 'tsr
E tar as!
i

Q;

 

 

. . m
a"
- *1
.4 DINNER: 6 PM
Brubacher Hall
[750 State St.)
PERFORMANCE:
Albany High School
Auditorium 8PM
PARTY.- 11 PM
Brubacher Halt
(Ballroom)

 

  
   
       

WWWWWWWa 9“ De 7“ De a“ a

   

CotftBlNATIQN TICKET 
§ PERFORMANCE ONLY ‘i :-
E AT DOOR J [.‘iii
3 SA FUNDED ‘5  " ,
MWWWWWWWQQ

mm... W... 0.5....“ -s _....... . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

he words "Edited for Television" are

an object of fear. anger. and frus-

tration to movie fans. lnevitably. they
mean that a film has been ernasculated and
bastardtzed. Up until recently. they meant
that a mysterious group of men called The
Network Censors (who have since gone on
to forin the Moral Majority) sat down and cut
out parts of movies based on sortie arbitrary
code of personal morality.

Jim Dixon

The results were easily represented In the
climax of Bonnie and Clyde Movie-goers
remember the bloody. numbing climax as
Warren Beatty and Faye i')urraway were stitr
ched up and down with machine gtiii bullets.
bringing the violent careers of the main
characters to a dramatically inevitable con
clusion. On television. viewers heard about a
(lo/en rounds lttt.‘(l as the main characters

 

 

 

went dowti. In the next shot. their rat had
some It’ll thousand bullet holes iti it

Stich examples are too illllllt’ltius It) got
into. But there‘s a new kind til editing for
television that bears looking into. Up tiitlil
recently. we've seen things taken out Hl
movies What is becoming the trend now is
puttlng things back in.

Most people who have ever 50"” a talk
show have heard some embittered actor or
actress complain that in sortie IllttVtt‘ their
best scenes were left on the editing rootn
floor. They may well be telling the truth.
Aware that movies do best commercially at
about two hours length. producers do tend
to excise extraneous sequences. Sometimes
a movie ls hurt by this. Often tt's tightened. in
the long run to the movie's benefit. Direc-
tors. generally aware that It's better to have
too much footage to work with than too little.
tend to overshoot. Scenes are covered from
many more camera angles than will be used.
Transition shots are filmed. often to be later
deemed unnecessary. What is called the
“rough cut" of a movie is sometimes forty
minutes longer than the finished lilm.

itingRoom\Fl-OO

Extra Footage Meant
Extra Baggage
Turning

Superman

Into Superbore

 

In the past few years. when the networks
have shown recent feature ftlins. they‘ve
found that with Commercials. a two hour
liltn won't conveniently fit into a two-hour
slot. However. the film isn't lotig enough to
fit Into three. The solution arrived at was to
reinsert outtakes. If the movie was then long
enough to show in two nights. one movie
sale meant two nights of commercials.

Midday. for example. was a fairly light.
dramatic war film. somewhat marred by a
rather silly soap opera s..‘;~lot. On TV.
played over two nights. viewers spent
enough time seeing Charlton Heston play a

 

 

 

 

suspictously modern divorced man to lorget
that there was supposed to be a battle corri-
ing. Most of these sequences had been cut
from the original release print. Airport 1977.
a bad movie to begin witli. was stretched
out. slowed-down. and generally made
unbearable over two nights by doing much
the same thing.

Superman certainly New more slowly over
two nights. In fact. he barely flow at all iii the
first night. What ABC did. rather than just
show the movie in a slightly extended three
hour time slot. which is all they needed to

red 

do. was stuff in every bit of scrap footage
they could get their hands on. The. movie
began at eight. and Christopher Reeve didn't
have his first scene. as Clark Kent. until ten

‘ alter nine. By the time the first part ended.

pushing ten o'clock. the title character hadn't
had tlilrty‘ seconds of screen time. The
answer Is not just that things run longer with
commercial breaks. Nor were viewers seeing
many new sceiies~—at least not really.

What ABC did was literally ruin a movie in
a way that l at least had never seen one ruin-
ed.’ In many cases. tag ends of shots. or
small bits of dialogue edited out to tighten
the movie were put back in. Where It had
taken perhaps live shots to follow Ned Beat-
ty to (lrand Central Station. It now took
somewhere around fifteen. Carefully
established timing was destroyed in many
cases What was established in its place was
visual redurtdacy Scent-s taken out because
they were stupid. such as lutlior's hens
t‘ltman feuding some tinst'utt monsters. were
put bath in. \vr-alu-ninii the movie

This was not adding sequences It was ad
ding gaiharin In sunroof the Kiyptoiishots
ltotii the opening part ol Illt‘ liltii. footage
was .Itltlt‘tl from “11' vdttitig room floor that
looked like it had been on Illt' editing room
floor Scratches. glitr’ln-s. arid tilllt’l signs of
\\'t‘n|l arid tear Wt'l’t' running raiirpaiit I can
vastly llt’lll’Vl' that priova Stft‘lllg the movie
lot lllt’ ltrst timrr had a hard time ftguriirg out
why anyone Iiad ever made such a fuss
about llll' movie in the litst place. l’eople
wlto had seen the movie before wore lull
struggling to liiid anything of the movie they
loved amid all the senseless padding

lrlllitilltt'l’s must shudder at the thought ol
what amounts to their rough cut «something
they tit ver intended to show in public—hav-
ing a far larger audlencv than the film itself
ever had in the theatres. No doubt about It.
“Edited for Tcleuistnn" In still bad news (or
movie fans. And the networks. having to
compete more arid more against cable outfits
like Home Box Olftt'L’. are crazy if they think
people aren't going to notice. I

Still Chubby After All These Years

ock. in the pre-Beatle Sixties. found
R itself In a precarious holding pattern.

Elvis was going Glu'Chuck Berry
was going to jail. Buddy Holly had recently
perished and tnost ol the doowop groups
had hung up their rama-Iama~ditig~doiigs.

Steve Gosset ~

The trauma of a new decade was most
acute. A few wrong moves and rock would
qualify for fad status: a sell-imposed coma il
you will what with the insufferable croonings
of Frankie Avalon«I_es|ey Gore school that
were inexplicably the rage.

Then in rode. or we should say. gyrated.
the calvalry. in the form of a slightly chunky
black man doing recycled (lance tune. The
excitement returned and the Twist was it.

The Twist had fizzled when its author
Hank Ballard recorded it with his group. the
Midniters. in 1959. Chubby Checkers turned
the novelty into an instant dance craze. a
classic caSe of the right song at a very right
time.

Doing the Twist was very much the thing
to do back then. much like the lIlHIIL’ was a
decade and a hall later. Checker responded
itr kind. spewing out. "Let's ’I‘wist Again."
arguably his greatest song, "Limbo Rock"
and "The I‘ly." only to have his profile their
squashed when llit‘ I"ali liou i||.ttlt,' lltt‘ll

 

splain

For most of lllt' sew-titles. thriu' were a
parcel of rock. and roll l|'\‘l\‘rtl ‘-lttt\‘.‘~, the
most enduring ol \Ullitll \t‘vii' III Madison
Htpiait' (ltllill’ll ()lil‘ til lllt‘ t‘rttllt’l ltllt‘ was
rliirttitt‘lr'd Iii tllt t’Xt't’lll‘lll tlllt till‘a Itlatt..' let
The (H‘Ull ‘l-llllt‘n HulI H l‘la‘tla'i was Iltt‘
1)]‘t'Illlitl alt aial when lit' war iiitttulttiud.
ii‘.‘~lt'rltl Ill heading for tlw ‘»ltttit'. vtr ‘tt’t'-Itllll
tlasttmti to the bathroom tuitipwttt and all
Itiltllt‘tttitt. "I outta pm“ -

‘Nltat u that trot to ill! mtl. ital. .rtirt l‘tll

I‘ltilrtlit'll obit-ti. t n' Ila’t .t‘,..iti .aitla‘t rim

' .1; -(l‘ a.» a"

 

 

 

? chUDby

i at

, CheCK

rwists

' Aqa'”

, J ‘
Chubby Checkt'l! . s Vt‘lU easy to separate
lllltt from the 'I'wrst The latter was air until”
tng cultural institution III! was llit'tt'll) Ittt lty
t'lI-tl'tlll to ‘tlil'l the words. and sotiir'lindy

t'lHl"‘~I UJHTII" v'tl llltll ’
(‘Iir'ckt'i alvaiys had a ‘lt'tt’lll write a

 

shooter that tlt‘l't’t kllilt‘lft'tl Ho II is with
~Ittiit' ritrttrtpritiott. ttlltl ill tltt' ‘rtlllt’ lltttt'. I
t.tl|llttlt that you ltriV." to approaih "'Ihi'
t'liaittit' l las t :trillt'.” lrt‘, haw-t ttvir'a‘ri' [\lan.
lla' '.t)lt't' is still lllt'ti‘. bttt ltlllt vl't‘

(nan oi tlit' tltvtllll‘i of an old ('Iailtlty

13min: lttttltl tt- llil‘ t'tlililltltll doth-tall

tttrtil‘lt, toppi d oil with an tll‘l‘xll’lll itarttomi i
i

-t.'- that  la in i- plat oil I ti llit‘ 'utll'l‘. at

Icrtnittenly functional production of livatt
Pace Replacing thr- saxophone is an
uninterested guitar hire. as on the eminently
forgettable “Harder ’l'liatt I)Ir’|lllt)llll.n typical
in that It is unobtrusive and certainly bland
enough for radio airplay

/\ll hope is lost when (Tlir'ckt-r accords
similar truatirient to “Under My 'l'hiirnh.” a
version which wrll surely inspire Mick Jagger
to null his Spandex

To be lair. Checker (loos try to rock on
sidtl two. but is hemmed iti by a rhythm sec
lion that knows only about three riffs and by
some of tht.‘ most Iirtip material this side of
dummy.

On “Don't Be Afraid It's Only Rock N
Roll." what was meant to be some kind of a

 

No Joke — Pepsi

Pepsi Bethel and his Authentic Jazz Dance
Theater will perfortn at the Main Theater of
the PAC Friday and Saturday. February l2
and III at H p m Hetlivl's_ttiissioii is to
preserve the black tau dance styles as they
were below tau was influenced by lllt'ltll'rll
Attit‘iit‘ati and litrropt'ati techniques In ad»
(lllltitt to the ‘two Tilllillt' pt't'furintitirus.
lit‘lltt'l and company will also be conducting
tal/ workshops and a II‘( tiirt- rlt'ittonstrattoii
I iliitiaiy lll through IL‘ More llllttilltrtlltttt
about the workshops iK available by talliiig
457 4532 Concert titkvts are lit) for the
general ])||l|llt “fr'l lor students and senior
ritim-nt-i and lit for sttitlt'tits with tax raids
rtittl /\ltll||itl (\straiatititi lilt'litl‘t‘t‘~
Whistle Stop

The Troy Savtngs Hairl' Mttstr llall
Assotiatton antiouiirvs a special t'lavit‘al
context in addition to tt.L Spring .lax.’ Suites
wtth world ll'ltlt\'.’ll|'tl llutist rlt'rtll I’tt'ite

 

tor-n anthem is marked up by such hokey
vvisi- as “('insliy, Stills. Nash and
Young ’Ilolding something under my
tongue " It doesn't even havrl a good beat
you can dance to (llVL‘ it a 45. Dick. F

/\s a contessioii ol tll'fl'rll. he blows out
with ‘T N2." essentially a "Twrsl" reinako.
Some of llll‘ I'Xt‘llt'lllt’ill is brick once again.
bitt it's all a lrattd by now "You should see
my little sis She knows how in rock and she
knows how to twist.” Clrr'r‘kt't walls I wish
slit-'rl done the record

 

llampal on Monday. FQIVTUBTV l5 5” 8330
p m. Tickets are $12. $10. $8 and $8 50
and ‘l~li 50 for students. Early ticket orders
are advised They are available at the Music
lall office and Community Box ()lltCt’ loca-
lions.

Heart Throhs

All you Blolto fans can get a chance to
meet the band oii Valentine‘s Day at the
Albany Public Library. Beginning at 2:30
pm on I-‘eb 14. there will be a vtdeodaped
performance stiowii. lollowed by an in-
[)l'l‘s'tll autograph party Blotto is also up
puarttig .it J“. Scott'. on Saturday. Feb.
I’r .

A Row Hy Airy Other Name l)ept.: The
Units are no longer The Units. The popular
Itrt‘ttl band has changed its name to "Fear of
Strangers" in order to avoid confusion with
other bands intiig llll’ name 'tlnits." Their
first album. aptly titled hour it] Strangers is
tlltt' out tit late March on the Faulty Products
litlit’l
Union Jack

The film [in .-\II It'iiilit. .lrii‘lx ll‘l‘i‘ll. part ol
lltt’ Iatrgltsii I‘ilttt l-lrlvslt s wiles. will he
‘sllt‘w‘ll lk'li. ll.’ and Iii In the l'7/\(‘ at tsdl)
p Ill ft is u comedr, 'litaii l'cttii’ Seller's
liriglish work. I'iclu-ts air: bl Till for students
and id? :35 general aditilsstoii

 

 

 

