 

mam Mr.-

 

 

,V  Bniefs A

 

 

A Handicapped Lecture

Professor William Roth is punning when he says that
his lecture on Wednesday April 14 is on “Handicapped
Policy." _

"There is discrimination against handicapped peoplt‘
» in virtually every social area.” says Roth, who is a pro-
‘ fessor of Social Welfare and Public Policy here.

Roth recently published a book on the experiences of
the handicapped entitled The Handicapped Speak.

, Professor Roth will speak in Lecture Center 19, on
I Wednesday April 14. 'at 4:00 pm. The entire community
is welcome. ‘

When I.F. Stone Speaks...

 

I.F. Stone, reknowncd journalist and maverick
, reporter. will speak at noon Thursday, April 15 on “A
Maverick's Report from Reagan's Washington." at the
Campus Center Assembly Hall for the second day of a
two day visit.

If you can’t attend this informative lecture from this
much published and much travelled reporter, Mr. Stone
will be holding a bull session at 8:30 pm in the Patroon

 

 

 

Would Capsules

 

 

Supreme Court Decides

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Seniority and promotion
systems established in the last 17 years are legal even if
they unintentionally hurt black and female workers. the
Supreme Court ruled Monday.

By a 5-4 vote. the justices interpreted a 1964 federal
law to mean that seniority and promotion systems caus-
ing such “disproportionate impact" for blacks are legal
unless based on intentional racial bias.

The decision, reached in a case from Richmond, VA.
makes it more difficult for blacks and other minority
members to win lawsuits over alleged on-the-job
discrimination fostered in seniority or promotion systems
established since 1965.

Reagan Wants Summit

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) President Reagan repeated
his opinion Monday that the Soviets have a nuclear edge
over the United States and urged Soviet President Leonid
1. Brezhnev to meet with him during June or July to
discuss arms limitations.

Reagan said he would address a United Nations disar-
mament conference in New York and suggested the
Brezhnev do the same. Then the superpower leaders
should sit down and talk he added.

“1 hope very much that President Brezhnev will be on
hand to address the same group." Reagan said of the
UN. meeting.

Reagan said the United States will push for a peaceful
solution in the dispute by Great Britain and Argentina
over the Falkland Islands. but he refused to say what he
would do if force were used.

Brezhnev last visited the Unitd States in June. 1973,
when he conferred with President Ricard M. Nixon.

Reagan is traveling to Europe in early June for
economic and NATO discussions with U.S. allies. He
said that upon his return he intends to address the United
Nations on arms control.

syracuse Fire Kills Three

SYRACUSE, New York (AP) A fire Monday in a wood-
frame house here claimed the lees of a Syracuse couple
and a 3-month-old baby. police said.

The victims were identiﬁed as William Heaney, 24, his
wife, Dawn, 2|, and their son Brandon.

Authorities said two members of the city Fire Depart-
ment's rescue squad entered the house shortly after the
alarm was sounded about 9:30 AM and rescued two
other children. Tisha Henncy. 4. was hospitalized in
critical condition at Upstate Medical Center. ntid Jesse.

a

Lounge on Wednesday April 14. All interested students . I
are invited. E, Sacremento. California 95817.

 

     

Tax Resistors Give Money

Yiu’rein
' tilethcy! -

The Military Tax Resistance and Alternavie Fund
(MTRAF) of Albany will be donating 53,000 that would
have gone to federal taxes to community services in its
second annual ceremony on Tuesday. Apcil 13, 7:30 pm
at the Mt. Pleasant Baptist Church,4441 Washington
Avenue, Albany.

The group feels that too much money is going for
military expansion and not enough is going for social
services and human needs. Last year the organization
gave $l,000 to similar causes.

The group's chairman, Michael Baum said that the
MTRAF will continue to hold back their taxes until the
U.S. government stops supporting repressive govern-
merits and nuclear arms buildup.

The ceremony will be open to the public and
refreshments will be served.

Poetry Magazine Contest

Do you have a propensity for poetry? Do you have a
way with words? Would you like to win $1,000? The
lucky winner is . . . you if you enter in the contest spon-
sored by World of Poetry. a quarterly poetry magazine.

All types of poetry are being accepted by the
magazine. which is giving away the $1,000 grand prize
and 99 other prizes worth over $10,000.

Rules‘ and official entry blanks are available by
writing to World of Poetry. 2431. Stockton Blvd., Dept.

a . Parlez Vous [Hancaislhl

, Pardonnez moii Sacrebleul There will be a poetry
reading in French by Yves Bonnefoy Thursday, April
'15. at 4:00 pm in Humanities .340. Yves will also lecture.
~ In English this time, about "Cubism, Chlrico and
Poetry" Thursday night, April 22. at 8:00 pm in the
Recital Hall of the Performing Arts Center, Adieu!

null

 

Israel Scholarship

For all you students interested itt studying in Israel.
here‘s your chance. The Abbo Memorial Scholarship is
being offered to SUNYA students through the Judaic
Studies Department and the Abbo family.

. The scholarship covers tuition. room and board and is
effective in 1982 and 1983.

For more information please contact the Judaic
Studies Department in Humanities Room 284 or call
457-5274.

 

her 3-year-old brother. was in critical condition at
Crouse-lriving Memorial Hospital.

Hcaney was alive and was trying to rescue his children
when the two firemen arrived. said Lt. Frank
Huckabone, commander of the fire rescue team. He said
Heany directed the two to a first-floor bedroom .where all
four children had been sleeping.

When the two returned to the couple‘s second-floor
bedroom, Hcaney had been overcome by smoke and was
unconscious, Huckabone said.

Cities Get Revenue Money

ALBANY. New York (AP) New York's declining cities
will receive millions of revenue-sharing dollars that would
have otherwise gone to the suburbs because the state
Legislature decided to ignore the 1980 census for another
year, according to legislative analysts.

In approving a new state budget last week. the
Legislature essentially froze the $800 million state pro-
gram at last year's payment levels and decided to keep
handing out motrcy by the same formula it’s tiscd since
the early 1970's.

As a result, New York City comcs away with $16.8
million more than if the switch had been made to the
1930 census figures. Similarly. Buffalo gets to keep $4.5
million. ‘

While the Legislature manages to keep frorti stripping
the cities of dollars in an election year, counties and fast-
growing suburban municipalities become the losers. But
in an election year, the unw_ritten political rule is that it's
better to deny than to take away.

Two Boys Found On Hudson

PIERMONT. New York (AP) Two of four boys who
were missing and feared dead after they paddled a canoe
out onto the choppy. chilly Hudson River on Sunday
were found unconscious Monday. the Coast Guard said. .

The boys. who were not identified, were found under a
lumber pier in lrvington on Monday afternoon, across
the river from the spot where they put out almost 24
hours earlier —- even though gale warnings had been in
effect since Friday.

Chief Petty Oficer John Lazinsky of the Coast Guard
said the pair were "unconscious, but they had pulses."
He said the search for the other two boys would con-
tinue.

Stouffer’s Case To Jury

WHITE PLAINS, New York (AP) The lawyer for a
hotel waiter charged with setting the Stouffer's Inn fire In
which 26 people died urged the jury today not to convict
his client on "guesswork" or “speculation.”

In a 90-minute final argument at the arson-murder trial
of 26-year old Luis Marin. attorney J. Rudlcy iicrold
said there was no evidence that his client had set the
tragic blaze.

Herold told the nine man and three woman jury Mon-

 

day that the prosecution had failed to prove that Marin
was the only person with the “means. opportunity and
motive" to commit the crime.

Marin. at Guatemalan immigrant who had worked at
the hotel as a coffee waiter, sat silently, frowning, as his
lawyer listed what he said were the flaws in the prosecu-
tion’s case.

Herold said titer was nothing to link Marin to a
gasoline-scented soda bottle found at the scene 20 days
after the fire and which the prosecution had speculated
was used by the arsonist.

The prosecution had contended that Marin set the
blaze because he was angry about being dismissed from
his job.

 

 

 

 

Green Machine Survey

What do you tmnk about the buses?
We’d like to know. Please fill out this
survey and toss it in the blue box in the SA
office marked BUS SURVEY.

A) Are you: 1) Student 2) Faculty 3) Staff
B) Do you rely on the SUNY bits for transportation
to/from: (mark as many as apply)
I) Classes? ____ tin. of times per week
2) Work'.’ __ no. of times per week
3) Leisure Activities? no. of times per week
C) Do you live: on campus" uptown? -___
downtown? __

off campus? __
For the following questions, please use this scale; tllit/
circle the one Ilia! applies
3 4 5
agree no damn-e stroneg
opinion disagree

strong] y
agree

D) I feel that only riders Iivirig off campus should pay to
ride the SUNY buses.
I 2 3 4 S

E) I feel that should bus fares be imposed that paying an
optional flat rate pt" semester is better than paying for
individual rides

2 3 4 5

F) I understand the reasons why SUNYA is considering
imposing it hits fare
i 2 3 4 5

(l) I feel that the administration has given students ain-
ple opportunity to voice their opinions on this issue
I 2 3 4 5

II) I feel the bus system is adeqmttc.
2

4 5

Please include an y additional comments on a separate
sheet. Thanks for your lnputl

 

 

 

 

.-. 7“;

 

l

ALBANY §TUDE.NT. Paess..tt_gn‘i_i.a,.1oag..  . .. . _. ,

Students Escorted to-Safety at SUN YA

 

Service Available at Night

By MARIA PICHLER

m

Between 8 pm and 2 am every
night student patrol and University
Police maintain an escort service to
protect students trekking across
campus.

The escort service is actually in-
corporated as part of the student
patrol’s normal duties and the
University Police take over after the
ptitrol's normal working hours. ac-
cording to Investigator for Univer-
sity Police. John Hayner.

The service was incorporated as
part of the student patrol in late

Career Planning

and Placement
has a Computer
to Locate Jobs

Iiy Ml(.‘ilA1£1.(‘ARMI'

'l‘hc SUNY-Alluiny computer-job
matching system ttttcniptctl Io
loctttc jobs for 1800 applicants last
year. and succeeded about half llic
lintc. according to Career Planning
Illltl l’laccmcnt Director .loliti Alex-
under.

The computer system was started
in 1974 and was the first such center
located at at university placement
office.

The computer contains a file of
job applicants, listing their names.
addresses and type of job they are
.ooking for.

The Career Planning and Place-
tncnt Center locates employers iii
need of employees and feeds the
company's concerns into the com-
ptttcr. The computer then spits our
names of viable candidates and the
center returns tltc list of names to
tire respective employers.

“Last year about half of our

  

September of 1981.

Escorts are mainly requested by
students who are in the library or
working on science experiments,
and by women who are employees
or in continuing educarion classes.
according to Assistant Director of
University Police John chighan.

Student patrols and University
Police provide on-campns protec-
tion to the parking lots, dorms and
bus stops.

The escort service has thus far
received scanty publicity. but
posters have popped up on the
podium recently which explain

escorts and other safety services.
said Henighan.

Women's Safety Task Force
member Gloria DeSole says women
are too naive of safety problems.
She says students should be aware
of the hazards and the solutions.

Hayner estimates the patrol
received around 10 escort requests a
week.

Ex-SA Vice President Woody
Popper believes it is difficult to
measure how much the escort scr-
vicc has done to protect student
assaults since there have been so
few incidents in the past.

Two years ago three women were
abducted from the downtown
Draper Campus atid assaulted. As a
result Draper security has increased

staff and are available after evening
classes to accompany students to
their cars.

Other safety services available in-
clude blue light emergency phones.
patrol cars and
seminars.

Blue light phones are stationed:

>In all quad parking lots

Dnear the lake tennis courts

Pat Western Avenue and
Perimeter Road

Pat the Fuller Road Commissary

bat the Circle

>at the downtown Women's
Gym

>at Page Hall.

Dialing 457-7616 will connect you
with the escort service. A call in ad-
vance will provide an escort without
any waiting.

self defensc‘

 

rr-sx“:—-~<»v3'q,rgtiqq.v-re,ql

tn

    

Div-r W.“ K " . '
ﬂour:
2 THE so...“ Eco}? Wm: . Budd

Ann
PORT mcmE l“. 8 P'm- ‘ 2

Be "79 ' 0-11 Public 3......y
l'V'ees Available

A Public Busty (Pollen) . .
Auk,“ . . . . . . . 451-7616

("l-“1..- ' I I t . ‘ . I . . . . . . . . . . 4574000
| heart Service . . . . . . . I . . ' “Tuba
. . . . . . . . . (57-7818

 

"an... N.
r n.”
"mum-u. ""‘ '~'
in'Vllltu- 'un.
_ "AL-4

 

 

photo: Am) (‘nhen/l I .N'

Computers aid the Career Planning and Placement Service
Half of the jot) .\'(‘ttr('/IL‘I‘.\‘ find employment

clients received a job or a job Icnd
(interview) through tlic computer-
job matching system." said Alex-
under.

The tnntching system helped pro-
spective job seekers the most in the
field of education. Alexander
claims many people on the outside
still “view Albany State as it snitill
teachers college." He is attempting
to alter that conception by mailing a
brouchurc to many companies.

There is also the problctn of get-
tiitg graduating seniors involved in
the program. Alexander claims that
only 25 to 33 percent of the
graduating class will use the corti-
putcr. “People are very casual
about their job search tiritil they

leave the university." said Alex-
under.

Alexander stressed that this pro-
gram is only one means to the
ultimate end of securing a job. Over
70.000 job notices were mailed out
last year, he said.

The budget for the computer
sysieiti is paid in part by applicant
fees. The cost is $5.00 for a
graduating senior. $10.00 for a first
year graduate and $15.00
thcrcuftcr. The remainder of tire
program costs are picked tip by
SUNYA.

Alexander added the program
doesn't actually find jobs. bttt stip-
plics it file of clients for companies
to usc in choosing ticw employees.

Pro testers Denounce Gun
Shipments to South Africa
by The WatervlietArsenal

 

liy LIZ REICH

 

Africa between 1976 and 1978.

day's Titties-Union.

far lie hasn’t responded."

 

Approximately 50 members of the Capital District Coalition
Against Apartheid demonstrated outside the Watcrvliet Arsenal Satur-
day, protesting its involvement in the shipment of weapons to South

Arsenal officials have said they produced six modified cannons that
were shipped to a Vermont firtn. which used dummy corporations in
Europe to sell the weapons. Also, an estimated $19 million of other ar-
maments were sold to South Africa. violating a 1963 embargo of such
sales by the United States and the United Nations, according to Sun-

(FE, Flinn;  'i
“"1 sugar

 

Congressman Sam Stratton said the arsenal ofﬁcials were just
following orders from the U.S. Army in shipping those armaments, on
Saturday's WRGB-TV news broadcast.

“We must hold our government accountable to its own embargo."
said the Reverend Brian O’Shaughnessy, a Roman Catholic pricSt and
member of the Albany diocese's Peace and Jttstice Committee. in the
ﬁrst of three speeches at the protest.

Activist Vera Micltclson said. "this secrecy has been going on for
ntorc than a decade. We said we wanted to meet with Sam Stratton. So

Dr. E. J. Josey. the first president ofttte Albany N.A.A.C.P., said,
-“Wc‘rc not sure who is fully responsible, but we're opposed to the
legal trafficking of artns to South Africa."

 

 

UAS Asserts They “Are a Real Corporation”

By .I ICRRY CAMI’IONE

 

 

 

To most students, UAS (Univer-
sity Auxiliary Services) is the food
service on the quads that serves
chicken six times it wcck. ()r maybe
it is the Rat, a nice place to have a
drink or grill) a bite to cut and tncct
with friends. But. what it lot of
students don't know is that UAS is
it corporation. a big

corporation, and it 
is fttll of students

working to help 
students.

“We are It real corporation,"
said Norbert Zriliiu. General
Manager of UAS. “We have profits
and losses. we’re audited, and we
have responsibilities just like any
otltcr corporation. We have 750
employees on campus to carry out
the services required."

And just what are those services?
UAS has been around for 32 years
to prividc auxiliary services to the
students, faculty, and stuff of
SUNYA. Scrviccs such us the bowl-
ing alley. the Ital. all the dining
facilities and countless other scr-
.vlccs wouldn‘t be around without
UAS.

And ltow do students fit in'! Ac-
cording to Joe ltttnni, the Budget

Committee Chairman and Board
Member of UAS, students are it
vital [1011.

"There are 1‘) members oti the
Board of Directors," said Ranni,
“10 of which are students." Btit
student involvement doesn't ctid
llicrc.

“There are students on till corti-
mittees." Ranni said. “Committees
such as Long-Range Planning.
Food Advisory Board (Menu plann-
ing). Bridget Committee and Food
Quality Committee."

“The Board of Directors is it ma-
jority of students. A good part of
otir employees its well as otir
customers are also students."

Those students who are members
of UAS don't hold minor jobs.
Some are on the Long Range Pliinn-
iitg committee. It is the job of this
group to plan projects for the
l'uturc to better the Univcrisly.
Plans for such things as ti proposed
rollcr-icc skating rink. expansion of
Mohawk Campus. and a possible
recreation l'icldliousc. expanding of
the facilities of the Physical l'iduca-
tion building are just some of tile
ideas which are presently being cori-
sidcrcd. .

'l'hc |-'ood Advisory Board is
comprised entirely of students. It is

 



rs
UAS Member Joe Rannl

Students are vital to UAS

the job of this board to determine
each and every meal eaten of the
quads. IZtich quad hits at least one
representative.

“The meetings llfc very long."
said Runni. “They sit dtht and go
over every iiictil, cvcry entree,
desert etc. for every day for 5
weeks." Menus rtiit oii it five-week
rotation.

There is also it Food Quality
Committee which keeps Illl eye on
the quality and nutritinal value of
the foods.

“All of our food is first rule. We
don't use cheap cuts." said Rnnni.

 

Thc most important aspect of
UAS is the Board of Directors.
Comprised of 10 students, 6 facul-
ty. 2 administrators and l alumni. it
sets the "board" rate for a variety
ol‘ breakfast lunch and dinner meal
plans.

In mid-March, lltc board voted
down a proposal to raise board
rates 2.5 percent next semester.

“We've taken alot of flack from
some administrators," said Rtinni.
One of the criticisms is that UAS
stands to lose $130,000 next year it‘
there is no increase.

“We looked at the facts rind
figures." Ranni said, “and felt that
we won't lose $130,000. UAS is in
good financial shape."

Btit don't think UAS is making a
fortune. “UAS is
“zero-budgeted." They reinvest
profit into the university. therefore
keeping the money on camhus ac-
cording to Zuhm.

"We’re not out for it big profit."
said Zahnt. “Over the last 10 years
we‘ve reinvested some $900.0(X)
brick into this university,"

Some of tire investments tire crise-
ly noticeable. such as the remodel-
ing of the Ruthskcllnr, The Patroon

Room. and tire Commuter
Cafeteria in the Campus Center.

Sortic of the money is ptit towards
long-term plans such as the propos-
cd skating rink.

Another way UAS rccircultttes
money iiilo the university is through
a Programming Committee. The
committee appropriates funds to
such things as Commencement,
Telethon, Mayfest. Torch Night
and Quad Amusement Rooms,
among other events. They also help
l’icrcc Hall operate a tray care
center in Albany. UAS also gives
funds to comittccs or groups pro-
vided they meet certain guidelines.

"As long as a group is doing
something for the whole university
community. we would try to help iii
the funding of activities." said
Ztihm. “especially now that govern-
tncnt aid has been cutback."

UAS is a self-sufficient corpora-

'tion.

“We don‘t rccicvc money from
SUNY." said Znhm. “We are con-
tracted to provide services required
at the university."

Besides those previously men-
tioned. UAS also runs the vending
itiachincs. thc Kumqunt Cafeteria.
Check Cashing, the Barber Shop.
Billiards and Gtiiticroom, washers
and dryers. Glen l-louse (tit Dip-

>continued on page 12

-_C__ vised“.

 

