   

i'iqt"..."’-€:‘," rm?" V‘i , .
. r 't. n e“ .

 

 

 

 ‘ TOWER CINEMA

presents

   
   

.-.—~A~u~a:v L‘ ‘
spa-mm” warm .

i

i

t
if
t:
‘r:
it?
5..
; .
i

l

{-l—\___,______.._._....~__. mg szMw

 

 

 

Friday and Saturday

March 19 and 20
7:30 and 10:00 PM

LC7

E $1.00 W/tax
“ $1.50 W/out taxSA Funded

 

I ' If

Senior unset-Shirts?
“WE DON'T HAVE A DESIGN YET"
Sketch your ide

Have thousands of people it
wearing your design and /

  
  

Win 1 Free Senior 'I'Ielcets
to a Senior Week event
if your design is selected

Put all sketches in the class
mailbox in the $.A. office

For-further information contact Jeff Shore at
449-5054

 

 

 

 

 

lost.)

 

Imagine a 'eltgiOUS
items, at 40.000 Priests.
Brothers Sisters and Lay
Vciunteers in 102 countries
arOund the world. (That‘s a
pretty big family.)

But that‘s what the Sale-
srans at St. John Bosco are all
about—a large family of
community-minded men and
women dedicated to the serv-
ice at youth. (And no one gets

In the 1800's a chance meeting between a poor priest and a
street urchin served to create a movement of such success that
ll is still growing today. Don Bosco became the priest who
orought youth back from the streets—and back to God.

He reasoned that a program of play. learn and pray would
make usetul citizens ot the world. He crowded out evil with
reason. religion and kindness in a (what was then unheard ot)
atmosphere at tamrty spirit.

The ideals at St. John Bosco are still with ustoday. His work
goes on in youth clubs. technical and academic schools,

: guidance centers. summer camps and missions. And his very

human approach is very evident in the family spirit of the

r Salesrans. This is the way he wanted it. This is the way it is.

 

The Salesian experience isn't [earned—it's lived.

For rwere intermatron about Satesran Priests. Brothers
Srszers and Lay Voturtteeis mail this coupon to

Either Rich-rd McCormick or Cl" 9”_947.22°o I
War 51. JOHN oosco '
Friars Lane. West Haverstraw. NY 10993

‘ am intereste: in me Pita-arc

‘ Brotherhood Sisterhood .:
lee! '

 

 

Ago I

 

sm. Zip

 

 

LI—--—-—----

ZOJ-A

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dear ,

f In; iﬁaving a pat-lty Friday night at the dorm for about ten
0 my 6 ow upper c assmates. How much of I "
Shomd I buy? your Celia \t the

Unsure,

Chicago. iii.

Dear Unsure,

The general rule is a halfa bottle r rs but
never can be sure how much of my ligphet. gfreglling, Egg-u
cold Cella Lambrusco. Bianca, orRosato people will put
gimmfgjrn ad'lt‘ridf ay. Srfﬁffr ten people let's say

: re our w , ’
should be enough to guarantee: andfour mse' Tm
55 gigodairgeishadbyall.
ate iscussion about i ‘
3 Kilgore Trout. the true idem of
) Everybody singing the old Beach Ba
4) A few closing wordsfrom the Houselliseicillltgrft.

Chill-a-Cella!

ﬁrm,

[fyou have a question so ’
D. . ndtttomemcu'eo:
BS. r or Aldo. Post Office Box 639, New York.  Y.

  
 

10018. {ft use ll. I'll send you a Celia T—shirt.
i

Celia.

The light. refreshing wine with ci little more sparkle-

 

r- liirputti-tl |)_\'.'l‘lri-.}(ru tiririrruiur‘ri .N \‘ V \' - NH“

 

r: 75 .m. '; “ t

 

 

 

-‘.~ ' ./ ".*~\,-:/‘..:~(~.»‘:/:.>-Ivb\ " Q'Chwbnbm‘ ".«quﬂ‘b.* . :

 

n r.-. ‘.,..-r ‘ «. 
tr .. “‘ht

“0 “""xl g’l‘. - ' N  a '.

".7

 

 

. s... . 'Mtl‘t..1~1’lr‘nﬂﬂ'vuxall.“  ,, .i_.~ .N‘m

 

abc ’s

1 don't even know whom i have to hide
from anymore. As it Is. if i walk through
Humaniltles and glimpse air elbow patch on
a blazer or catch a whiff of pipe smoke. [dip
into the nearest alcove. Sometimes I'm too
late: “Oh hello Professor. Why of course I
remember the assignment. In fact. i was just
on my way to your office to discuss it. Why
am l standing on the toilet seat? it‘s funny
you should ask, because. ."

It's about this time I usually quit the cat
and niousu game. and join thousands of
others in simply dropping the course Which
brings us to today's topic. about which I have
an idea that's so good. even I may read this
piece. Let's discuss quartur' courses.

 

Ibase my thesis on the assumption that the great majority of quarter courses are taken out
of necessity. and not our of any desire on a student‘s part to spend 3 hours a day twice a
week discussing the literature of the Yucatan with a professor even less thrilled with having
to share his master's tlrusis with a crowd of economics majors who've come 2 credits short
for the third straight semester (This contention of crrur'sc does not includi- Dissident Russian
Lituraturv not H o rn. Bowling lor Beginners, two of llli’ most popular fourth quarter offer-
iirgs.)

Quarter courses arr: taken not for content. but for credit hour. and are thereby sulf-
duleating "But." you say. “are there not quarter courses that students might very well want
to take. or rnighl have to take as requirements in a major?" Here l have to stop you. first to
ask why you speak so formally. and secondly to iL‘Il‘lllltl you that it is just those students
who become hurt by fourth quarter classes swamped by follow students gobbling credits like
so litany I’m-inurr on a rampage. or Long island girls on a dirt (or writers filling a quota ol
gratuitous l’ar‘~rrr.rtr and Long Island jokes)

Then! is a way to rumnctlu the quarter course problem, which both recognizes the nch
for adding credits and the desire for stitdi-nrs to gut sonwthiirg out of a class. thuruby
avoiding incidi'irls likr- the Ed l’sych dubnt'lc of a low saint-slurs back. in which the university
throw open llit‘ enrollment to llutltll‘t'ds of students. forcing lllt‘ llihll‘llt‘ltii to rt'ialiatu by
promising A's to each and every one (call inc n glrrlton for punislriru'nl. but I Would have
sold my grandmother for a closed section card).

My plan calls for courses offered in (hero's lllt' ltlt'il) iriiir-nrndr'irrir subtract arms. which
would award 1 or 2 credits itt subjects like l'lrirnutnrikiitg. First Aid. lirirti'nding. Cl’R. Arts
and (Iralls. Carpentry. Time Managomr'rii. Coping With Stress, ulcctoiri Don't laugh. for
while on llu- outside —— I SAID NOT TO l./\ll(}|l If I haw to stop again sonreorw's going to
he in big trriuhlv, Whilr- on llil‘ outside lhusr- Sl't‘lll tiivitrl courses for thy college student.
they have more intlnsir worth to the average computing major than (ll)l'S an ripper level
Education course Can the Arlrtiiiilsti'atlon not admit that most quarter coursas lcavr! no im-
pri'sslon on a vast number of students who swell their ranks? I think not. And can they also
not admit that a student would benefit more by fulfilling credit requirements while actually
learning something. which is the aim of a university in the first place (and can they not also
admit that they are as lost in a sea of negative clauses as i am?)?

 

 

 

IJI

_, more " '.,‘ Talk, lama
back talk, and jun plain talk. talk.

talk.
5a '

Who's Dick Wood? ‘l‘hnt'a aim
“Media Shelton” want. to know.
Plus Vic. nu hombre en El-Sulvnlor.

centerfold

'Cross country with the Audubon
Expedition Institute. Stats clan was

n lllie Ihl .
ever a 1 

Lou Reed. you rock and roll
animal, now get out of here and I
mean it. A review of new blue Lou
plus OMB and the Paul Collins Beat.

11a

Capllnl Rep lo Avchbourn again!
Celebrate with Table Manners. Plus
art on campus and Dixon on

Spielberg. 1 23

Welcome Beth Shelman and her
devllllh diversions along with your
regular friend: on the Dlverolone
page. what else?

 

Cullt'i‘ photo. "Mr'risur'irig llrr' Histaitcr'." fry Ilr'llf)l(‘ Mil/mart (courtesy of
f)rrrrrl('tlp (inllt’l'lt's, North fir-llrurrrr'. N. Y.)

 

Wliuw Lt-I's lrllt lr our lilt‘rtlli turd consider what we how: .i proposal to change the
l|llrtllt’l' tour'si' systi'nr Io iirclurli' a srlrt'ilirli' of rioir-r‘icoilt'irrrr wt universally iittiiquing
(‘tilll'St'h taught by l'lllll‘l qualified instructors. or closely monitored students who nilglrt earn
mom i Il‘llll for ltrtsstllg on Slinll’ ilt'llllllt'll knowlivdgu

'I'lrc systi-iit llil‘i nary a catch. |t ]ilt‘ti§t'§ students. |ll0ltwhlilm and administrators by taking
llll' lllll' wants. and Ill't‘llS of all into account. Air llllt’ll’slt'tl riludt-nl is ii good thing lid
l’syr'li dill) liili's II

t i *
(‘orrt'r'lioru ’l'lii'it' was ll tnisli-ttrlitig sr-ntt-nt‘i' iir illlllll Moran's story on Malcolm X (ASP.
i5vbirirrry l2) Mrllt'ltllll X loll tlii- Nrintion of [slain shortly afti-r lil' made his rontrovr-rsial
"(Iliit‘ki-ns coiiir- llirlllt' to most" i'r'inar'ks ronruriiiiur l‘rt-sirli'iit Kiennvrly's assassination.

Aspr-rls It‘lll‘t'lh tlrr- i'iltrl

l’tl 'l'ur'silny

.tMarchV19. 1?82_/page.3a’

.. T  

 

 

Thcsbian
Feminists
Local Theatre Group
Performing Original Skits
March 19

8:00pm V
Humanities Lounge 354
SUNY at Albany

$2.50
w/tax card $2.00

 

   
 
 
 

Benefit for
National Women's
. Studies

 
 
 

 

Association

 

 

 

 

A

 

 

‘2. r
.7ﬂﬂfﬂfz7 ;
BE A PART OF lT! i

DUE TO POPULAR § :
DEMAND-ONE tst ;
Sit TING AVAtﬁrs‘re

Senior

Portraits .
MARCH . 22nd— x
S‘tGN ur ouTerE 1
CC. 305' .
statues ism—r March-231*

PRE .- ORDER YOUR’TORCH fez
‘. AT YOUR PORTRAIT SITTING

vvvv'v'

   

 

A‘A‘A‘

AAAA

 

'vv'vvvvvvvv

nun...” mamiw, _ I 

..__.,5 <- ._.

 
  
  
   
  
    
   
      
    
    
  
   
     
  
 
  
    

-._
*r

 

7.4i'okiey-‘i-‘e4-rire—VJu‘ ri- up 

‘ rEQW-wanr

    
       
   
      
     
        
     
 

