 

.. _, a.-- u-ar-u «w»...- ..........._-..-u_».-. M.-.

r
9
.
t

“‘"W’ W.—_trx~u..

4 "a... "nun—*—

’.l -.

 

  

r..ig' -.
1 ._

q ' - j The King Comes Out Of The ClOset

'-l-‘~ ‘.- u -.r - . r .
. . r I t .- t .. ,

5,.

12.334 imam
m

4.. Pap-pact!“-

 

 

OHOI‘OI

AM ‘I'Ul'l'il’li

NW‘O“

!
r
r
r
l
l

 

.>—,_.~. ..

L ....- n—n

Love In A! Nutshell

“ like a guy who's assertive—who
_ I can really take charge. Yeti also

like the guy who can sit back and
let me take the reins. Not a pushover,
though. but strong enough not to be
strong."

Andrew Carroll

. Yucchl I mean. like gross! I read a
' quote like that In a popular magazine. and I
I start looking under the bed for the dog-
eared copy of last November‘s Hustler. At
least Larry Flint lays it on the line when It
comes to the boy/girl thing. None of this
"everyone Is beautiful" dogma. If you turn-
ed to the article entitled "can you find true
love on campus?" In this fall's Nutshell
magazine and expected to find an answer.
you now probably realize you'd have better
spent your time reading your older
brother/sister's copy of "How to Pick Up
Glrls".

"I want a smart girl. but not too smart. I
mean; smart enough to help me In accoun-
ting. but not overly smart in Women's
Studies or anything like that. "

I don't know If there‘s a name for this
kind of )ournallsm. but I know where It

 

 

“ dredge up every cliche of college life (dorm

originates: the OT. desk. Start with two
reporters. male and female. and see If you
can come up with a three-page tease article
which will claim to provide answers to the
age-old questions "What Do Men/Women
Want? Uae sweeping generalizations.
make no strong assertions. and above all.

I like a 8“?
preferably for a

food. frisbee on the lawn. ail-nighters) used
since Andy Hardy dated Judy Garland.

"I like a guy who's neat. but who isn't
afraid to loosen up--you know, who wears
a Robert Bruce sweater and will occa-
sionally blow his nose in his cull. "

It's a genre found primarily in lifestyle
and fashion magazines-Wear York.
Cosmo, Vogue. Mademoiselle. The idea is
knowing your audience. and realizing it is
made up of a good number of frustrated
souls whose thighs will never be thin. given
thirty days or thirty years. Don‘t dare tell
them guys just might be turned off by that
cheap perfume. Instead. Insist under
headlines like "You Can Find That Dream
Man" that some men can overlook a scent

like "Eau de Barge" if they get to know the
real woman underneath. A

"l'm not saying she has to be beautiful.
Cute is okay. if not cute, then loose. I! not
loose. then rich. if not rich. then beauti/ul.
You see. men like all kinds of girls."

Men aren't immune to this sort of gar-
bage either. A 'year ago Esquire ran a

who writes, '
College newspaper...

A1—

c'over story on "What Do Women Really
Think About Men's Bodies?" Violai. we
thought. and forked over the $1.50 to
learn that women do like sleek hard
muscles. but (you guessed) also like pudgy
men who don't look like Robert Redford.
Where does that leave obese Redford
lookalikes? On page 16. where there's an
ad for a Nautilus machine. which is what
these magazines are all about anyway.

"I want a confident guy. but a guy who
can cry. Not in public, olcourse—in fact. I
hope he doesn't do it In front of me. I
mean, that would be so wlmpyl"

The essence of magazines like Nutshell.
or Esquire. or any Conde Nast clones is in

'ecutive suite. or a dorm room. That's how

 

presenting an image of glamour—and
making the reader believe he or she Is part
of that lifestyle. be It In a nightclub. ex-

you sell Estee Lauder cosmetics. Calvin
Klein menswear. and TEAC components.
But the same magazines also realize that
very few of their readersactually look like
the models. execs. or coeds in the ads.

The solution? Once in a while toss in an
article like "Can You Find True Love on
Campus?". and let the readers think the
magazine is staffed by a bunch of real good
eggs who don't for one second believe In
all that shallow. surface. materialistic. skin-
deep stuff. "Don't get hung up on beauty
or your body - Just be who you are." they
write. "And by the way. ﬂip over to page
67. and we'll get you In that new fall outfit.
including Pendelton sweater. LL. Bean
flight Jacket and Bern-Conrad 100%
lamb's wool tunic for under $400l"

"I like a guy who writes. preferably for a
college newspaper—about six foot tall,
with dark hair. brown eyes and mustache.
And a single on campus, because privacy
will be important to both of us."

If i ever read that in a magazine, then I'll
probably quit complaining. C]

 

 

Cosmetics

The shrieking 0/ nothing is killing me

Just pictures of Jap girls in synthesis

And faint got no money and faint got no
hair

But the planet Is glowing.
David Bowie

re we often unable to achelve the
Afuli measure of happiness? Is it of

‘any real import. If we don't always
get exactly what we want?

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

Days. If not entire lifetimes are being
spent in just such a quest. A quest for a
state of being that at best Is only a passing
fancy. Be honest. If you dare. Are you
looking for happiness in all the wrong
places? ls your heart. your mind. your soul
on fire for that special feeling? If

Look. if you'll take my advice everything
will look better In the morning. That all
consuming pain In the back of your soul. at
the bottom of your heart, it can be remov-
ed. Ali it takes is the removal bf all doubt
from your heart. '

Witness the couple standing on the cor-
ner . it's four in the morning and they are
fighting because of the love they feel for
each other. The police have more lmpor~
tant things to do. but due to the magic of
uniting. I'm able to bring to you this little
slice of life.

“What's the meaning of all this shit?
Why the hell are you mad at me? He tried
to fuck you. I didn't."

"That's the problem in a nut shell. He
wants to fuck and all you can seem to do Is
to be unconcerned."

“Isn't that a little out of character? Aren't
you the one who wanted to pursue other
relationships?"
> “Well I've changed my mind. Why
should I expect you to care if I'm never
there when you need me?"

"Sounds like you're losing In your at-
tempt to become the queen of the ball."

"That‘s a cruel thing to say. What have I
ever done to you? You're a very cold and
heartless man."

And you thought you had problems.
Now I ask you. when the basis of the world
that you inhabit is about to be overturned;
do you. (a) react. (b) do nothing or (c) get
high? As you have Just witnessed. Bill and
Susan Peer face just such a problem. Per-
sonally. I feel that the problem is a perfectly
human problem. Something that given
enough time will pass. Being human
myself. however. I realize that during the
period of time that the problem is around.
the world can become a very cold and

 

 

 

reason some say that If you can get it
another way. go for it. Cosmic. isn't It? It’s
almost like making love. Maybe It's even
like getting the news that your girlfriend Is
in the family way and you don't even have
a girlfriend. '

Moving right along. suppose the follow-
ing sequence occurred to you in like a per-
sonal way. Some turkey has taken the
keys to your car and gone joy riding. The
cops find the car around some pole and
this dead burnt body sltilng In the front
seat. Ok. that's not the sort of thing that
happens to you. How about this phone
conversation then:

“Hello. this Is me. Anybody that doesn't
want to talk to me. hang up or suffer the
consequencesl"

“If that's the way you really feel. then eat
shit or anything else your little heart may
require. This is your friendly
neighborhood police. so wise up mack. is
one Joseph P. Blow. alias Joe Blow. alias
Joe in residence at this address?"

III-D

Bared Soul

lttlng In my darkened llvlngroom.
S staring at what my eyes perceive
to be a blank television screen, I
ask myself one question. Should I drink
the remaining beer in the bottle that's per-
ched precarioust on my right knee. or
should I try to copulate with it instead?
Tough choice.

Doug Wolf

Ever since I can remember. I've had to
choose between doing things the normally
accepted way. or doing them my way. Fair
enough. everyone has choices to make In
life and nine out of ten of us go around
with Frank Sinatra crooning in our heads
as we go about making these all-important
decisions. However, my choices have not
been the simple yes or no. right or wrong
type. Or at least I'd like to think that they
haven't. To me. the choices I’ve had to
make In my life have been more of a yes or
yes. right or right nature.

 

 

 

 

scary place.

 

 

 

Moments like this are the]

 

 

 

I can do the right thing In the normal
' F‘

 

- lbad." "You’re right honey. but he must

H failed me yet).

:sense of the word. or I can do the right
thing from a totally different viewpoint. an
abnormal one If you will. Take the beer
bottle for Instance. Normal logic tells me to
drink the remaining beer and get another
one from the refrigerator. but from a dif-
ferent and totally acceptable point of view.
if approached with an open mind. why not
try to fuck it?
Well. that's lust downright abnormal. im-
moral and perverse. not to mention
physically impossible. right? Yet It seems
to me-the latter idea offers the promise of
more happiness. In the long run drinking
the beer will only get me drunk. while
screwing the bottle will get me off. And
therin lies my choice.
I admit this sounds like a very stange
idea. but this Is honestly the way I make my
decisions. Because of this I have at times
been called strange. weird. crazy. stupid
and an assortment of other adjectives too
numerous to even start to mention.
The dilemna I face when I make my
choices can naturally be extended to other
aspects of life. and by using the same logic I
have equally puzzling choices to make. Do
I try for instance. to mask reality with an
unbelievable assortment of drugs and
alcoholic concoctions. or do I take what
comes tomein life and pass It off as a reality
that Is, and therefore must be dealt with?
Well. that‘s a simple choice you say. we
don't need drugs to deal with life. and if
YOU do. well then my friend you're ob—
viously unstable. Drugs are wrong. Sure.
I think. I'll just keep mine. thank you.
Still I think about all the poor bastards
,who couldn't handle reality and decided to
skip town permanently. Think twice. What
If little Jimmy (Sixteen years old. father of
two. maybe more. living in' a burnt out
Ienament in the South Bronx that was con-
demned years ago) had a constant supply
of Thorazine. Maybe we wouldn't be pay-
ing someone to clean him off the plaza at
one World Trade Center. “Oh. isn't that
Just awful clear. what could possibly cause
anyone to do such a thing. life can't be that

'have had one hell of a view before he
went. wonder If he took any pictures. har
harl"

l'm not saying that this is the solution for
everyone or all of the problems this deprav-
ed world has. and I am by no means ad-
vocating the indiscriminate use of
dangerous substances(though they haven't

O.K.. so society would probably be in
more of a mess than it is now if we were to
mask away all the problems. but there are
two sides to everything, and It looked at in

10-”

4-3:

—un=_

 

ouid you believe Lancelot meets
Emmanuelie in a DH. Lawrence
novel? Well the new film of

D seems to be a simple thing. I find

that people either love the guy or
they wish they had been Bonnie Bramlett
when she punched him. I like Elvis
Costello — I admit It. Granted l'm not a
rabid devotee (although I've been known
to foam at the mouth slightly during "Radio
Radio") but I don't think that one would
have to be to en)oy his new album. Im-
perial Bedroom. It is his best album to date
and without stretching the boundaries of
credibility too far. one of the best albums of
. this year.

Damian VanDenburgh

A friend of mine told me that he thought
Costello was a little too clever for his own
good. He claimed that he was so impressed
by his own wordplay that It got In the way
of him ever really saying anything — he
became cute and witty instead of incisive
and introspective. and that the music was
just an excuse for him to get to sing his
lyrics. O.K. line. Everybody is entitled to
their opinion (even If It is closeminded and
preposterous). I refuse to defend things
that I like simply because I don't feel there's
a need to. But this album is an exception
for me. Someone who goes out on the
proverbial limb needs a little moral support
now and then. With this album, Elvis
Costello is bypassing the limb completely
and diving forthe best apple on the tree.
Just when everybody gets on to the syn-
thesized band wagon. Elvis Costello
decides to use a small orchestra for back up
and when It looked like melody was about
to be replaced by monotone drones Elvis
Costello comes up with his prettiest (yes
Elvis Costello can be pretty) music yet. For
such a sweeping. sometimes soft sound.
he's never sounded gutsler.

From the opening cut "Beyond Belief"
to the closing song "Town Cryer" Elvis and

 

 

Lawrence's classic Lady Chatterley 's Lover
brings Emmanuelle star Sylvia Kristel
together with Excalibur's Lancelot.
Nicholas Clay for a barely R-rated soft porn
film with no redeeming social value.

 

Megan Taylor

The film falls on several levels but most
unfortunately Is the script adaptation.

Lawrence's novel Is a complex. imagistical-
ly beautiful portrait of a young wife's com-
ing to terms with her husband's paralysis
and her subsequent affair with the estates
gamekeeper. Oliver Mellors. The novel
also deals with the social attitudes and class
differences that frame and enhance the
lovers' story. Lawrence's novel was cer-
tainly controversial. labeled pornogaphic

 

  
  

 

and tern orarli

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

banned. but the film

 

ishresing Elvis Costello never

  

the Attractions take you on a tour through
the Imperial Bedroom. it's not a pretty
place — full of Jealousies. conceiis. guilts
and (of course) skeletons In the closet.
"Tears Before Bedtime" seems to touch on
all the themes In the album. The light
before going to bed then the awful feeling

ference here is that despite the urangllng,
feelings do remain; scars show but at least
the score Is settled: "Darling your
suspiciousness tortures me at night/but I
can’t excuse the cruel words that I use
whenever we fight." These songs don't

M the fight and the hurt — they deal
Someone who goes out on the proverbial limb
(needs a little‘moral support now and then..With
this album, Costello is bypassing the limb com-
pletely and diving for the best apple on the tree

 

of lying there comatose with rage and guilt
expecting a long sleepless night. "I sleep
with my lists clenched tight/when I don't lie
awake all night/l guess time gave up the
ghost too late/ and the balance of our
love/very soon turns to hate." Love is
never simple and rarely pleasant. The dif-

 

  
 

doesn't deserve that much attention.

Sylvia Kristal has perfected the “thrown
back head" look of ecstasy (a mainstay of
her earlier x-rated films). but little else. Her
expressions range from static to blank. and
although she takes some striking poses.
(mostly staring forward through rain streak-
ed windows). she evokes no sympathy or
compassion in the viewer.

Nicholas Clay as her lover counterpart.
Mellors. is perfectly cast for physical type.
His portrayal of the midlands gamekeeper
is authentic and believable. but the script
never develops the characters intelligence
or fluctuation of iemperment. Mr. Clay Is
given little to do in this film other than to at-
tack Ms.Kristal at regular intervals and this
reviewer hopes he returns to the Excalibur
class of film. as he seems to have more
talent than this film warranted.

In most movies. good acting by suppor-
ting characters ls a plus. In this one it's not.
French director Just Jaeckin (who also

   
  
  
   

with the healing or lack of It after the
damage is done. There's even a chance to
start over -—- or at least try. "Almost Blue" is
Costello's pretlest and saddest song on this
or any album. A whole world of feeling Is
summed up in the line "There's a girl here

i

an; r,

amour-Ia; ~

It
cliches when speaking of love (or writing
record reviews for that matter) but for eight
albums In five years. Elvis Costello has
always been startlingly original In express- l'
ing himself; this song is no exception. "Not I
all good things come to an end/it's only a
chosen few." Subtle and succinct. musical-
ly and lyrically. he somehow manages to
say without literally saying It (blah) Love
Hurts.

Nothing on the album prepares the
listener for "Man out of Time". The
tragicomic song “The Long Honeymoon"
ends on a bittersweet note and careening
out of nowhere comes a scratchy guitar ac-
companied by painful banshee yowls
which then goes Into a slow song about.
well. . L a man out of time. Fortunately
the song is long enough so that the listener
has time to recuperate. then the song ends
the way It starts. Needless to say. Elvis
Costello has not lost his touch for grabbing

a:
ﬁ'ﬁﬂim

AM

rotors-

 

 

the listener by the ears and dragging him or
her through their personal muck. It's woril.

l
i

  

 

h"

script adaptation. and has effectively ex-
panded the part of Lord Chatterley. Shane
Bryant. a familiar BBC face gives a
superlative performance as the young Lord
who grows Increasingly bitter. But this per-
formance. like the strong but rather sterile
performance of Anne Mitchell as the stoic
Mrs. Barton. lust underscores the blatant
weaknesses of this movie.

The problems with this film do not stop
at the script. Although the set Is a perfect
reproduction of Lawrence's description,
the continual attempts at artistic
cinematography. much of which editor
Eunice Mountloy should have left on the.
cutting room floor. become static and bor-
Ing. And not to stop there the costume
design. though stunning on Ms. Kristal
(when she keeps her clothes on. which Is
not that often) ls Incongruous as the movie
starts with her in a late 19th century ball
gown and In the next scene she appears In
pants (evening pa)arnas to be exact). which
were not acceptable fashion for some 30
years to come.

And last but not least. sex. Well never

let it be said I'm a conservative. I can be

 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
    

Imake a good film adaptation of a Lawrence

{1:55. 4:20, 7:25 and 9:45 C]

 

. and she's almost you." It's very easy to use I the trip.

The last song. “Town Cryer". Is the
perfect way to end this almost perfect
album. This seems to be Costello's
manifestoe. He pays homage of sorts to
Elvis Presley. (“Other boys use the splen-
dor of their trembling lip/They're so teddy
‘bear tender and tragically hip) stepping
away from rock but at the same time not
stepping too far away and ending up like “a
-Ilttie by lost in a big man’s shirt." Such is the
love he speaks of on this album. The need
to break off Is as strongly felt as the need to
stick together. Costello treads the line bet-
ween tough and tender. never missing a
step or a strategy.

As always. the Attractions are fantastic
getting more sophisticated with each
‘album. (Steve Nieve on keyboards does
the orchestra arrangements on this album.)

Check out or should I say check Into the
Imperial Bedroom. (:1

 

 

titilated with the best of them. And I have
to admit the famous novel scene where the
lovers decorate each other with wild
meadow flowers Is perfectly recreated. but
because of the passionless (yes. I said that)
staged scenes earlier in the film. this one
i- -. all impact. When Lady Chatterley
runs naked in the spring rain there Is no
sense of elation or )oy. rather the viewer Is
cued into “here comes another one".

So the Inevitable question is. can anyone

  
   
  

  

novel. The answer is a resounding yes.

The britlsh have given us two excellent
films In Sons and Lovers and Women in
Love. This film had the potential to be
much more. A problem that has befallen
many movies lately Is the combination
director/screenwriter. a situation that
seems to trigger a blind spot when it comes
to enough is enough.

Even if you loved Emmanuelie. or better
still loved the book. don't bother with this
one. Better luck next Week.

Playing at Cine 1-6 at:

 

 

.h .‘ 
....'...."l .‘.!t'_.".i."r _. L,

'r'.lt l . .' ',-

 

'l‘il'fi'. '.2'u.\.‘i~.'._il  I

I 4|.i_i.l ».v_

 

 

