s . -. “rs. stun-J

 y-'» s'\?-'  r

at.

 

 

Would "capsules

 

 

Nuclear Accident Fcigned

ALBANY. New York (AP) A mock disaster will be stag-
ed March 3 at the Indian Point 3 nuclear power plant to
test the emergency preparedness of local and state agen-
cies. ofﬁcials say.

The state Disaster Preparedness Commission said
Monday that the “type and degree of the mock
emergency will not be disclosed until the drill begins

Indian Point 3. operated by the Power Authority of
the State of New York, is located in the Westchester.
County Village of Buchanan.

The commission said various state agencies as well as
emergency preparedness teams from Westchester.
Rockland. Putnam and Orange counties will take part in
the drill. Officials from the Nuclear Regulatory Com
mission and the Federal Emergency Management Agen-
cy will observe the exercise.

Saudis Deny Oil Cutback "

RIYADH. Saudi Arabia (AP) After nearly a month (it
silence. Saudi Arabia ltnd denied reports that it has
slashed oil production by a million barrels rt day to help
dry up the world oil glut.

“The kingdom’s crude production is continuing

within the framework of the announced ceiling of 8.5
million barrels daily." Sheik Abdul Ariv al-‘I itrki,
undersecretary of the Saudi Oil Ministry. said in a state-
ment carried Sunday by Saudi Press Agency.
. He denied press reports. which began circulating last
month. “that any decision has been taken to rcdrrcc pro-
duction to between 7 million and 7.5 million barrels dai-
ly."
Despite the denial. the weekly Middle lirist Itconomic
Survey. and authoritative oil jorrruril pltblisltcd in
Beirut. reported Sunday that some knowledgeable
observers estimate the Arabian American Oil ('o.. the
chief producer in Satrdi Arabia. is producing between 7
million and 7.5 million barrels it day. ‘

Space Shuttle Readied

CAPE CANAVERAI.. Florida (AP) A lorrding tcst ol
the space shuttlc'sr huge external fith taiuk will be the
“major activity" on the launch part this week. Kennedy
Space Center ofﬁcials said.

“This is a little more difficult than driving to the gals
station and saying. “Fill it up.“ KSC spokesman Dick
Young said Sunday night of the loading cxcrcisc.

A mock flight of the Columbia was successfully com-
pleted Friday by Astronauts .luck Lousmtt and (iordon
Fullerton despite a lo-minutc delay caused by it com-
puter problem. Officials said the malfunction would
have scrubbed an actual flight. as would the fog that
hung in the air.

Young said workers today were to begin preparinga
large insulated pipe design to carry the super-cold liquid
hydrogen and oxygen fuel to the shuttlc's huge cstcrnnl
tank. The actual test loading will take place on Thursday
and Friday. he said.

Koch Is a Candidate

NEW YORK. New York (AP) Mayor Edward I. Koch
announced today he would rtrn for governor. ending
almost a month of spcculuriotr about his political plans.

“I love the job I have and the city which I serve."
Koch said at a news conference at Gracie Mansion. the
mayor's residence.

However. Koch said. (iov. llugh (.‘nrcy's decision not
to run for rc-elcction. coupch with the Reagan ad-
ministration‘s budget policies, led him to reconsider his
statements that he never intended to I'll" for arty other
ofﬁce other than mayor.

“I am sure there will be those who will question
whether I would care about all of thc stauc's residents
and regions." Koch said.

The announcement marked a turnaround for Koch.
From the time he became mayor in I977. until his return
from a recent vacatiort with friends and advisers ir
Spain. he consistently said he had no desire to seek an)
other office.

A new poll of 800 registered voters statewide says
Koch is well ahead in the race for governor. both in the
Democratic primary and the general election.

The New York Post poll said that among Democratic
voters questioned. Koch received the support of 50 per-
cent. compared to 26 percent for Lt. Gov. Mario
Chemo. Twenty-four perceitt were undecided.

 

police duty.

Savings Banks Could Close

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Continued high interest
rates and government regulation could lead to the clos-
ings or mergers of more than l.000 savings institutions
by the end of next year. says a Brookings institution
study being released today.

The plight of the nation's thrift institutions was the
subject of a year long study by Brookings research
associate Andrew S. Carron.

In a report on his ﬁndings. Carron says he found that _
more than l,000 saving and loan associations - about"

one-fourth of the industry - and about 30 mutual savings
' banks “cannot survive the present b0ut of financial
adversity unassisted." a Brookings statement said.
Such savings institutions traditionally are the major
holders of family savings and the principal suppliers of
mortgage funds.

Williams Takes The Stand

ATLANTA. (Ea. (AP)vWayne I3. Williams took the
stand in his own defense Monday. saying he was
“scared.” and denying that he knew either of the two
young blacks he is accused of murdering.

The 23-year—old black free-lance photographer. wear-
ing a dark bltic suit with no lie. walked to the witness
stand immediately after prosecutors finished cross-
examining his mother. Faye Williams.

Williums‘ appearance came as testimony neared an
end at his 9-wcck-old trial on charges of murdering two
of the 28 young blacks whose slaying outraged the na-
tion.

Speculation had nborinded at the sensational trial as
to whether Williams would testify. Iicausc of a gag
order. neither side was allowed to make public their

.plans for calling witnesses.

States Oppose Reagan

WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) Lenders of the nation's
county governments joined governors today in express-
ing strong reservations to President Reagan‘s plan to
transfer billions of dollars in federal programs to state
and local governments.

After a 90-minute debate. the National Association of
Counties adopted a statement generally praising
Reagan‘s good faith efforts brrt seriously questioning his
methods.

The tnrtin disagreement was the county leaders' in-
sistcncc that the federal government take over full
responsibility for the nation‘s basic welfare programs.

The “new federalism" Reagan unveiled in his state of
tire Union spccch last montlt would have Washington
take over the expensive Medicaid program providing
health care for tire nccdy.

Supreme Court Rules

WASHINGTON. l).('. (AP) The Supreme Court said
today that slutc courts can close to the press and public
the questioning of prospective jurors in trials in which
the death pcrutlty is it possible punishment.

lly a (1-3 vote. the justices rejected it challenge to the

California court policy by three California newspapers. -

which wanted the high court to study threw the public's
right to attend crimiqu trirtls.

.tusticcs William .I. llrcnnrm. Tliurgood Marshall and
Sandra Day ()_'('onuor voted to hear arguments in the
case. bill that \otc totul fcll one short of the four votcs
required to grunt such t‘cricw.

lawyers for The San Diego Union and two Riverside
papers. The Morning I‘rcss-tiritcrprisc rind 'i'hc vacning
l’rcss~iiritctprise. argued that the blanket csclusion ls
unconstitutiorml.

Paper Criticizes Walesa

WARSAW. Poland (Al’) The hardlinc army ncwspupci
today lrishcd out at l.cch Willi-sit and other Solidarity
lcadcrs. accusing them of preparing for a "bloody
light" before the military crackdown.

The criticism by the daily Zolnicr/ Wolnosci cttiuc us
the military government issued official gtridclincs for
allowing trade unions to be reactivated. 'l'hc go\crnntcnt
made it clear unions iturst stay away frorri political issues
and follow the lcridcrship of tire (‘ommunist Party.

All unions were suspended when mrirtirtl lrrw wars irri-
poscd Dcc. I] to curb the 9.5 million-member irttlcpctt-
dcttl union Solidarity. Thousands of union uctit isls \th c
interned. including Walesa.

The army ricnsprrpci said thlcstt had joined Ullth
union chiefs iit calling for construction of gallows for
party officials at a union ntcctirig in Rndom lt) ilrtvs
before martial law was declared. ’l'httt meeting was held
after security forccs. backed by helicopters. stormed a
firefighters school occupied by cadets demanding that
they be exempted front Interior Ministry cull-ups for

.i=

.. . . . .   l

 

Ff

 

CAMpus Bniefs

 

 

Science, Industry-Unite!

Want some tongue twisters? How about—Dr.
Kathrynchaloncr of Carnegie Mellon will be conversing
on the Optimal Experimental Design for Bayesian
Linear Models?

If that's not enough. how about—Dr. Jean M. Roycr
of Intermagnctics General Corporation will be speaking
on Industrial Superconductors—State of the art." And
if you don‘t want to say these. you can see them,

(.‘haloner can be seen tomorrow. February 24 at 3:30
p.m. in Earth Science Room l40.

Royet's lecture will be Friday. February 26 (II 3:01)
p.m. in Physics. Room 129.

Are You a Big Ham?

Talent Auditions for Telethon 'll2 have begriii. and it
you want you act to appear in 'l'clcthon. you lime in till
0111 a Talent Audition form and audition for Mruk and
Dave before March 25.

Applications can be picked up in (‘(T l3tl or for rumi-
information. you crin call Mark tit 436-1960 or How .ri
457-5020.

up from the SA used book cvclutngc and Campus
Center 353.

I Love Brass & Percussion

'l'hc I‘uculty showcase and the Music Department riic
presenting a show of music for brass and percussion this
Sunday. February ZR in the Main Theater of Tim I’m for-
rnirig Arts Center (PAC).

Admission is $2.00 for the General Public and free for
SUNYA students with an I.D. card.

Quebec, Here We Come

(let out your maple leaves and yourFrcrtch dictionary.
'I he class of '83 is sponsoring a trip to Quebec ('in tor

tact Carolyn or Gina at 457-5239.

Step Up For Free Money

Financial Aid applications for l9l-l2-lifl are now
available.

Packets are available at tile Office of Financial Aid.
Administration Room 152. FOP students should pick
rip their Ii()|’ counselors iii the li()i’ office.

Application deadline is April 23. I982. brri students
are advised to turn them in as soon as possible.

Attention Exhibitionists

Proposals are being accepted for it ntujor Iwo-ycrri
sculpture L‘\llll)lll0ll along the West lirtnk of 'I he llud
son Riv ct in scenic downtown Albany.

()pcrrings September ll. proposals may irrclurlc
thrcc— dimensional models. photographs. drawings or
other appropriate modes.

The deadline is March l. I982 and proposals or in
(“titles can be sent to M.A.S.S. (‘SR Art (itrllciy. 314
Suuc Street Albany. New York l22tt).

 

Haig Warns of Influx

WASHINGTON. I).C.. (AI’) Secretary of Strtlt‘ Alt“
tinder M. lirtig .ir. worried Monday that tltc bit't‘“I
flood of refugees c\cr could flock to ll.S. shoics it ilu'
llrtitcd Slrttcs fails to address problems in the \\'c.~lL'I||
llcmisphcrc. .

lItlig said it tttrrt toward more radical lcl'tist gm‘t'lll
mcuts in Latin America could greatly incrcrisc the firm
of 1.5 trtillion persons who entered the United States ll'
legally in Illtlt).

chcrril governors voiced concern to llrrig ovcr llIt‘
flow of refugees. half of them from Mexico. and thc dit-
ficulty ittid expense of rcscttling llrcrn irt their states.

llttig. however. asked tltc governors to suppoll l’IV‘l
dent Rcttgnlt's immigration policy.

And don't forget. money and/or books can be picked

the weekend of April l6-l8. For more information corr-

 

 

 

loI further information. contact Paul Maurcu'
. 454-5l‘H oi 45~l~5llii

By NORA KIRBY

This January marked the one
year anniversary of the release of
the American hostages held in the
US embassy in Tehran. Brit. for
Farah and Hengatnch Shojaie. Ira-
nianv exchange students here at
SUNYA. the crisis
in iron began over
25 years ago and
continues today.

Both Farah and

News
Feature

Hengameh were living and going to_

school in the United States during

IALﬁBANY STUDENT PRESS. FEBRUARY 2:1. 1982

Iranian Crisis Cantinucs for Some

the period the hostages were held.
Farah explained that under the
regime of the late Shah it was very
difficult to gain admission to an Ira-
nian university. so they were forced
to come to the United States. "The
Shah did have the money to build
more universities and hire teachers
but he never did. He never cared
about his people." Farah said.
Neither of the sisters had trouble
dealing with Americans during the
hostage crisis: According to
Hengameh. they wanted to explain
the actions of the Iranian students

in Tehran to Americans. but they
kept silent.

“There aren’t too many Iranian
students here." Hengameh noted.
"There are thousands of them in
California who protested but Farah
and i — what can we do?"

Farah found it very easy to
justify the actions of those Iranian
students in Tehran. She said “those
students who took over the embassy
weren't crazy people. They had all
lost one or two people under the
Shah's regime." Farah said it was
felt that the Shah stayed in power so

long because of the United Stated
government. ‘

According to Farah. the US
government was only looking after
its own interests. "Theygot the oil

'for a cheaper price and in return

they kept him in power. He got
billions of dollars from the oil and
lived in luxury while the vast ma-
jority of Iranians were poor."

However. Farah ’does give some
credit to former: President Jimmy
Carter. claiming he understood the
situation in iran but couldn’t tell
the American public.

“President Carter couldn't tell
the Americans their government
had been wrong because he was the
President. a politician. part of that

government): Farah said.
' The Shojaie, sisters agreed that

Shah had the support of the upper '

class while the Ayotoliah Khomeiiil
is backed by the poor people of
Iran. Their own family. back in
Iran. is middle class. .
“When Khomeini came into of-
fice he declared everything free for-

‘the poor." said Hengameh.” Btt.

it's different now. Everything is so
expensive." ~ .
Farah noted that the inflation
rate is 60 percent in Iran.
Hengameh said whoever was
anti-Shah during the old regime was
killed. Now. however Hengameh
said. “If you are anti- Khomeini

I you are gone."

College Investments in South Africa Questioned

 

Michigan Colleges May Divest

(CPS) All Michigan public colleges
and universities will hrtve to sell off
stocks in companies that do
business in South Africa if tr bill
ctrrrcntly before the Michigan
legislature becomes law. .

The law would force divestiture
of holdings even in companies that
have signed the Sullivan Principles.
a list of human rights that
signatories promise to promote
among their South African
workers.

“Our legal counsel considers the
bill tmconslitutionttl." said Roberta
llooth. ri University of Michigan
spokesperson. Michigan has about
$l00 million invested in firms that
lurvc South African operations.

"It’s a very sensitive issue."
Itooth said. “People who believe in
the bill feel that the only response to
apartheid is to have the companies
pull otrt of Sotitli Africa. It’s not an
easy issrrc to trike a stance on."

Michigan's regents. however.
have taken a stand. In I979 they
risked all the companies iti which
they held stock to sign the Sullivan
Principles. but they took no action
against the companies that tlid rtot
respond to Michigan's request.

The rcgcnis‘ have consistently
rcftiscd to sell off their holdings in
subsequent confrontations with
anti-apartheid students.

Michigan State Urtivcrsity in 1980
became one of the first institutions
in or out _of Michigan to completely

divest itself of holdings in firms
with South African operations.
Eastern Michigan has sold some of
its intercsts in companies on the list
maintained by the American Com-
mittee on Africa.

Almost a score of campuses
across the country have taken some
sort of divestiture action in the last
three years.

But “award. which sold its iri-
tercsts in Citibank when the brink
made a loan to South Africa’s
scgrcgationist government in i981.
and Stanford. which lins been active
in lobbying against apartheid at
stockholrlcrs' meetings. are both
reconsidering their activism.

Haivard's Advisory Committee
on Shareholder Responsibility has
asked the university to change its
guidelines to allow it to invest in
banks that mttkc loans to Soritli
Africa.

Stanford's Commission on In-
vestment Responsibility has impos-
ed a one-year moratorium on anti-
aparthcid shareholder votes because
its activism was “too lttrrricd and
too liruitcd to do justice to the
issues involved."

But most colleges have refused to
divest bccuusc of the potential
firtttncial losses. an argument
dismissed by Josh Nessen. student
coordinator for the American Corn-
ntillcc on Africa.

Michigan State. Nesscrt said.
"came orrl over it million dollars

 

News Department
Meeting

For all ASP News
Writers (and aspiring
news writers)

There will be an A
interest/organizational
meeting tomorrow night
at 7:30 pm in the'ASP
newsroom, CC 329.

Attendance is
Mandatory.

 

 

ahead by divesting. In terms of
what has occurred to rrrrivcrsitics
that lrtrvc divcstctl. thcy have
overnll improved their financial
portfolios."

Nessen said that if the Michigan
bill passes. Kansas and Wisconsin
may also consider legislation requir-
ing their colleges to sell off Sotrlh
African stocks.

“If we were required to divest. it
would certainly unbalance our port-
folio." said Todd Seymorc of the
University of Kansas' Endowment
Association. “The whole thing is
more symbolic than anything else.
It prits us in the position of die-
tttting foreign policy. which univer-
sitics have no business doing."

Indeed. two University of
Ciricngo law professors wanted in
the December. 19th Michigan Law
Review that colleges that invest tic-
cording to “social criteria" inay'bc
breaking laws requiring endowment
managers to invest orin according
to colleges‘ financial interests.

 

 

Students Examine SUNY

Ily III'Z'I'II BRINSER

Members of the Central
Council's Strident Action Commit-
tee rrtct last week with Vice
Chancellor of Finance and Business
Hurry Spindlcr to discuss SUNY‘s
iitvcslirrcnts in South Africa.

According to Strident Action
(‘ommiltcc (‘hair l'iric Turkcwitz.
this was a fact findiitg meeting to
determine which of SUNY‘s cor-
porate investments have holdings in
Sorrtli Africa.

“We‘ve been interested irt this
since the Springbok rally (last fall);
this is simply a continuation."
Turkcwitr. said. "What we're really
interested in is divesting from cor-
porations involved in South
Africa."

Splndler has estimated . that up-
proxiamntely one-third of the com-
panies SUNY invests in are involved
in South Africa. "It's hard to get
into a good company that doesn't
have at least some operations in
South Africa." he said. “Ilut all of
our holdings have adopted/endors-
ed in the Sullivan principles."

The Sullivan principles set equal

employment practices for US
firms operating in South Africa.

According to US. Business in
Sou/h Africa by Desaix Myers Ill.
“irt December I978. the State
University of New York appointed
a trustee committee to review the
university's investment policy. The
committee's final report. approved
by the board in June l979. states
that with respect to South Africa.
the scltool will: (I) consider cor-
porations‘ adherence to the Sullivan
principles as a factor in its invest-
ment decisions. (2) Seek informa-
tion on the employment policies of
companies that do not adhere to the
Sullivan principles. (3) Sell
securities in companies that do not
provide satisfactory responses to its
inquiries. (4) Stipport shareholder
resolutions consistent with its
policies.“

“But.” said Spindler. “we would
not divest overnightn it's called
prudence of investment. We're try-
ing to get enough income to support
the SUNY programs. We need to
have capital gains as well as three
and one-half percent returns on
dividends."

 

 

Remember the Neediestl

 

 

 

 

 

TAX CARDS '

will be distributed:
Monday, Feb. 22 —— Friday, Feb. 26,

10 AM -- 4 PM at the window

next to the contact office
(old credit union office)

Additional Evening Hours:

Thurs., Feb. 25, 6 PM— 10 PM
at the SA Office (CC 1 16)

Remember to bring your I.D. Card: ‘
- avoid the rush before MAYFEST and pick up your tax card
s during the appropriate times...

- You need your tax card to vote.

 

tax cards tax cards tax cards tax cards tax cards

 

 

  

 

- sir—'-

 

