 

 

 

i’s’

assault ‘

v‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

till.rrt \ rrolr' zit the noise! I
Irorrlrl .‘rlu' Io rrrrrlrr' It th’itt that
the n't'r'ril-r rlr'rrrr lr‘il It this store some ot
.liir'lt tttitL‘ l'illtlr't on the Ill.'rlllr' rlrrl ttlll
row essrrrrlt- or r It! or the eating
r'vlrtlillsltlttt'ttls you see [In tirterl lrr'ir'

Mechanlcvllle. N.Y.. 7:30 mm. —
l'lioroirghle t.‘,\.tlile'tl alter \\tl|l(|till all
night. I stopped riito this part diner part
.liI\'e In, thinking that some lorrrl may
serve as at least partial i‘rrlltttt'ttsrilirrii lot a
hard niglri tilt the )o'n Asl stared down Into
a cup of rollee the eoite ol the waitress
cook rose alrme the din ltrrrred in

Wayne Peereboom
“I hope we don‘t have lood poisoning."
she said "Hornelrorly let! this stuff out all

night ”

llooked tip and saw liei scraprrrg a krrrle

around In a nearly errrptt,I hottle ol generic-

lrrand Irrayonnaise Much to Iiry horror.
she \tas spreading the Irrayonnarse on the
lilfl' ilrat I had rirsi ordered i thought of
getting rip and learrng or srrearrrrrrg tlrai
the r rwneis \tere trying to porsorr rrre hr the
end. i wound up eating Ilre thing l'here
this a terrain sense ol arhentnre ahorrt It.
similar to popping a Ialr ol l.\tia Strength
l‘vlenol that you just bought at .I (‘lrir’ago
drug store

I never tl!(l get sick and lrrr’krly niost ol
Irry e\perrerrce$ with diners haven't been
that liaItV

  

 

 

Potoraphs by Debbie Millman

  NEWS

loI those who have Ilre t ash and don't

r'oolt either lioirr a lar k ol tune or .rhility
diners pirarrle a \rahle alternative to

rlrearlerl tast lrrod rlratns llIIrers have
some ol the satire advantages as last loorl
ttt that they are ‘rrrirrewlrat last as well as
relatively Irrespensive and the lootl. III
most cases. rs helter l‘rrither. yorir order is
st‘tVL‘tl on real plates (although they rrray
he a hit worn sorrretinres) with real silver~
ware

While there Is little rloulrt tlrat lraiirhrrrger
h."orrs pour tons ol Irrorrey into the
pockets ol design consultants in an attempt
to corrre up with a irew and diltererit at-
mosphere It seems that they [all Irriserahly
No rrratter what they do. last lood chains
can‘t seem to get away from the sterile.
hospital like atmosphere

On the other hand. a person who has
sruaped together enough cash to buy him
or herself a little diner can usually come up
with sorrretlririg unique that big bricks could
never buy 'l'his is done with the aid of
hand lettered signs. worn woodwork. pat-
rlred vinyl upholstery etc While there is a
nIrinher ol rltttlltlUtt deirorrrinatois arrrorrg
diners. z e a counter. grill arid maybe
some hooths‘. you will never lirrd any two
quite the same

Another pleasant advantage ot rlrrreis Is
that the peisorr who serves you [Still lor'ced
to say “Thank you Have a nice day Corrie
hark again " like a bored ar‘toi reading
from a sr Iipt As a matter rrl lact you never
knou grirte what to expect for hL'tVit‘L‘ In a
diner

 

 

 

 

 

The same Meclumicvillc diner.
drive-in: “Its time there were st.\ ol Its
\Vt' seated ourselves at one ol the lrootlis
and tried to place air order No. llti'U wont
rook Irarrrhurgers heearrse it's too early lit
the day We scanned the menu again and
ordered lood suitable lor the tirrre ol day
r\ltei an exceptionally long wait, our ltirrtl
was set on the lunch counter hrrt no one
seemed in a hurry to lriing it to our Iahle
Iriirally we got up and tricked up the loud

In case you haven‘t noticed. the type of

I’iTpr‘,

wen—am;- - “
r

IrrIn-r  me to those who do
not In ttl'r r .rt.rgorresllraveron
‘vlttti Ierl

Cnteuury l: I lie Diners - These people

tttlttr' lli rrrr :. '-'.i's‘l two They go to

rlIIrr'Is in m! .rke ol t'trltVUItlk'tti‘t‘

liner; that. l» ' .rssoL’Iates. friends or
l'l\'t'l‘s

While tlrer '. truguerrt one or Irrore
diners ilrere  IiitL' place wlreie they
would he r. a rlwrel regulars although
they may eat .z. «litters tour or live times a

 

 

 

 

t I}

 

lhe lorrrier grraip .rte ttrttlr' . 'h. it
lrelr.r\‘e tlt .r r railixr rl rrrarrrrei and Just get it.
to their loorl lhrtte olten tlrei. \LIll he
alone l'lie latter group piotrrle a sharp
roirtiast loud and rowrly, they “th trio
r-rde errieriarrrirrerri (or Irritation) tor the
tilltlt‘ guiet diners

| or drrrer owners. the late night drinking
rioer presents a dilemma On one hand.
the r Iowd is lairly hig arrrl so there is money
to he made However. on the other hand

Another pleasant advantage of Diners is that the person who serves you isn’t forced
to say “Thank you, have a nice day, come back again,” like a bored actor

reading from a script.

 

place I'm referlng to when I use the word
"diner is the same type of place often
known as a "greasy spoon" or perhaps
simply a “hole in the wall." For many, the
word diner also covers those "modern"

design. stone and cement nioirstrosities
that dot suhurhias across this great land,
The latter seem to he on the borderline bet-
ween a diner and an actual restaurant
l’erhaps they are the missing link iii the
evolution ol diners to restaurants.

4]“5‘ as there are dillereirt types ol
"diners." there are tlrlleienl types ol people
Ilrai go to diners lor diller'errt reasons After
years of last lrand research l have attemp-
ted to group diner goers into a number of
categories As this theon is early in its loi-

 

 

week

'l'hey generallr, keep to themselves.
engaging Irr ri‘r .‘I orrwersatioir. They may
the weather. the job.
irItItual arrrra- was or the next door
rrerglrhor's rl I: in la rally. they speak little
to Ilre help or.”  a ordering and paying
the lrlll llr~ w -;r.. :.'|ri.s catagory maybe

 

discuss poi'

 

the silent Irr..r It.

Category II: The Drunks — For pre-
man pulp. .v i r ‘ 'rrrrIt this category to
q‘ ' ‘t r‘ us For one reason or
I this category aren't
rrrrrre read ' i right alter an evening
on the trail 1 r r -' rt'sjus-t plain hunger
(or others I r .r h for the good time
may to»... tt' .’ . ' "Id at the hars or par-

irrale. lrII-r‘
airotlrer llrr ;.r

 

unruly drunks can he art awlril strain on the
stall and surrounding decor as well.

The lollowrrrg are ohsereationsl made of
drunken people in a small diner alter the
hats had tlosed downl shall leave out my
personal IirvolVeIIrr.-Irt [or obvious reasons

Waitress "May I take your order. sir 1"

lJIIrer "Yea. l'd likean autographed prr
true of (ieneral Dwight l). lirserrlrowm.
please " l’he waitress who Is already way
behind In her orders. throws down liei pad
.rrrd walks away

In the rrreantirne. the tlirier‘s lrierrd
throws lrnnsell doer on the lloor .rnrl
lregins to go into lake convulsions.

/\ lew minutes later. the place Is In

choas llirrer's lirend Is t’lltllliltttl aiourrd on

 

 

 

arml- I. '4le. . lrwlr lint

"I l5. '.-I~t.at-tl narirr.

  

‘td l. ‘ur l.r»t ti.l(ltl wir tlti t..

-' .I the r rrtltt’t lIirrl‘lliit ilr Il|~ltr'lti t as

 

tlrr'i, trr, to ltlltlli’ orit lltr\'. tliei,‘ got lrlrt ilns
Iriess .rlrrl lrou they ran gr't trill ol It

I\rrrlrlerilie. ltrrrer stands up and st lr‘rttlis
"(rirrrnre hoinllon and lorks'" He turns
around to laid the .llttl porirrrl truth stair
ding with a spatula In her hand ready to
sriarrrhle his lrIaiIrs [liner srts doer .rrid
shuts rrp Hider is restored
c ‘ '_, 5} III: The Loner — 'llrrs per»
son rrray rust want a r harrge ol scenery alter
grouirrg lrored lrrrrri sitting around the
house Lacking the lrnanL‘Ial reaourses to
do much else. the loner may stop in at the
(hirer lot a I'll!) of collee or two,

'l'he loner may also be someone who
doesn't want to cook {or a night or Is in
rapalrle ol adequately feedrng him or
lrersell seven d.er a week

l'he drrrei rriay also he a reluge for so
Irreone who Is having piohlerns rrl a “per
sonal" nature

()I the loner may go to II rlrnei lust
het’anse It Is a good plat e to watt li
people aird rrialte Insane theories ahorrt
their reasons loi heirrg tlieie

In any rase the loner urll stare at the
loorl the “all or a rreuspapei l'lre person
wrll appear to he deer) Iir tlioirglit lrIIt
rie\ertlreless \srll keep the k ol uhat h go
Irrg on .rrorrrrrl him or her

llri‘ person generally does riot IIrrtraIe
ron\ers.rtron with those around lrrrt when
spoken to will he polite although soiirewlrat

 

Category IV: lhe l’sythopnth -— II'
a . arr ,‘ i. ' :

rt Ii .It 'l

 

I
llltti' l‘ri-tll‘t l r I, tt.r t rrl't’
tlr-“r llu Iv .lt‘tllto I! t'llrr‘1tr“;llt rota.
~Illl llr| ‘i.l t'l '.| l‘V l‘t‘rllilrtl rilll ‘ l l|\ rll.‘l
ttlllt'rl lltl' Irot to lirltt their ~ttlr'
Category V: The Regular — lleie 
liial the heart .Ilttl soirl ol the tlllit’l lit.
t‘rlsltl‘d nae to pit i\ out .I regular or a tlIlI-‘t
rs through the person's rarrrararlerre \utlr
the stall When the man down al the end oi
the r oiirrter ralls the waitress outside lot a
light. you know he's no stranger to the
plate (unless he lrts rrito Category lVl

Also. when you ‘walk In the satire diner
and always see the same person sitting In
ilre seat every time. you can he certain that
you‘ve lonnd a regular

Regulars are. ol course. .I talkative sort
Quite often, they I’rrttL‘ on a dialogue With
the restaurant stall ahrr h is picked tip
every \Isrt It ran range liorrr rnatlers ol
rIInttral r r arr ein srir h as the howling league
to larirrlral prolrleirrs

Regulars hegrrent the smaller diners
r

herause .II Ilre larger r'sIahI-slirneiits
regular ran go Iltttitil‘r ed

loi lllt’a' people the «liner ol their
rlrorr e rs not lttsl a plat t' to go .Illt‘l a inglrt
on the twair I-t soiireulrerr' to get a rural
when all else tails lo the “Will II the tltlii't
Isa nayol lile It‘s an rrrstrtrrtarn

.‘\llrl so llti‘ tlreori. errrls Hell non lli It
l'\e nested i.r an tame \ slit ariul'rrg nu,- r rant.
[rlizlos-rplrr, ol Il‘llt'ls ltlrIrIl-, lrl par, IliL lull

and gerorit It lrr're

 

 

Outoor Photographs y an Betz

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"r &;¢memwww.mm~ama“a. ..,.....

 

 

 

 

 

