memor- r~ ~IOO (Q-Inlﬁ'lhb

 

“a..- _.-. 

 

 

 

From Ritual To Rock: Gabriel Is Secure

song on the new Peter Gabriel album is called ‘I Have the
A Touch'. and Gabriel does. Indeed. seem to have the touch.

The album. entitled ‘Security‘. demonstrates that Gabriel
continues to be one of the most progressive. intellilgent. and talented
persons on the rock music scene. Ever since he began his recording
career (at the ripe old age of seventeen) as lead vocalist and
songwriter for Genesis. Gabriel has consistently combined intriguing
lyrics set to innovative. yet comprehensible music. with his con-
siderable powers as a singer.

Miles Kurland

His gift to create and powerfully express his unique form of Im-
agery Is augmented by his intense stage presence. which supplies a
theatrical elemettt to his sound, This album Is the latest expression of
an artist whose consistent excellence remains Intact.

Not that things have always gone well for Gabriel: his previous
album Peter Gabriel III was very nearly unreleased In this country
because Atlantic Records was convinced of its lack of commercial
potential. As it turns out. the lake was on them. Mercury Records
took the album. and promoted It with the release of ‘Games Without

 

Frontiers' as a single. and foutid that they had a success on their.

hands. The album helped establish Gabriel‘s solo career after his his
first two albums. although critically acclaimed. met with small com-
mercial success. Gabriel had demonstrated that commercial success
was not the over-riding concern of his career when he shocked the
music world with the announcement of his departure from Genesis.
just as they were about to break Irrto world-wide recognition and
financial solvency. Genesis had been a cult band up to that point
(their first album sold less than bill) copies when initially released).
and Gabriel felt constrained by the limitations inherent in a batid. He
was given great creative reign by the other members of the band in the
creation of the epic 'Larrib Lies Down on Broadway". and he realized
that If he stayed with the band. he would have to sacrifice his newly
found freedom. Apparently.the other bartd members resented the
theatricallly of his perfomances with them. wlrtch they felt distracted
the audience from the music. arid were concerned by the increasing
dominance of his Influence on their music.

Nevertheless. Gabriel's apocalyptic ‘Supper's Ready'. a twenty-three
rnirtute interpretation of Revelations worthy of Blake. is still proudly
performed as part of Genesis' live repetoire,

Gabriel's past. however. is prologue. While it is difficult to be con-
tinuously innovative for over fourteen years. Gabriel has yet to (alter.
‘Securtty‘ is as progressive arid refreshing as anything he has ever
done. In fact. one's first listening is something of a shock. because
'Securlty' is different from anything Gabriel has ever done. but this can
be said of any of his albums. with or without Genesis. This Is not to say
that he is inconsistant. on the contrary. he is consistently enlgmetlc
and singularly difficult to predict One element Is comrrron to this
album and his last. namely heavy reliance upon rhythm and percus-
sion. used in unique ways

This record‘s preoccupation with rhythm rs understandable because
this is something of a theme album. the theme being the primitive and
tribal. the ritualistic elements of modern life and life in the brush “The
Family arid Fishing Net" portrays a modern wedding ceremony as a
ritual sacrifice. right out of the pages of The Golden Bough "Rhythm
of the Heat" is more direct. it is a portrayal of a Shamanic tribal dance.
Gabriel ltas managed to penetrate to the heart of what is sacred and
primal wtthout invoking specrficittes. the imagery can call to rriirid the
traditions of the American lndian. the Australian Aborigirte. tlte
Polynesian. the pro-Christian European pagan. rill In one He deals
with the root archetypes which underlie culture. and effectively unify
the human experience. Gabriel sees civilization r'tS a thin veneer over
an abyss of irtstittct and ancestral memories

lrtstead of this vision being horrible as III Conrad's “Heart of
Darkness" or Golding's "The Lord of the lilies". it is also beautiful.
rlllllllitllSllC. alive. The spirit and the flesh are one. tlte earth and the
blood are one The alienation of modern life lies in the inability to in-
tegrate or recognize this inheritance which we share in

This Is pretty heavy stuff for rock and roll. but the theme isn't the
only fascination of this album; there's the music! The entire work is
predominated by the use of the Firirlight CMl (Computer Musrcal lii~
stuntent). state of the art technology which makes older synthesizers
sound like doorbelis by comparison. The gist of the instrument's dif‘
ference is that one can reproduce virtually any sound (or other instru-
ment) with it. and alter It In just about any way imaginable. Example:
one may break a ltglttbuib Into a microphone attached to the Fairllglrt.
which would digitally record the characteristics of the sound. and
assign it to the piano style keyboard. One could then play the Instru-
ment and sound as If one were breaking a series of properly tuned
ltghtbulbsl Then the computer gives almost unlimited power to alter
the sound to taste. even so far as combining it with other sounds; say
"Hello" into the mike. and play a keyboard lull of ltghtbulb-Helios.
The resultant sound is not the same as the sound of "Hello" recorded
on tape over the sound of a lightbulb (although the Fairlight is capable
of multitracking. too). but is instead a combination of the sounds. The
Fairlight ls basically the ultimate dream instrument. and the sound
quality of the digital instrument Is outstanding. This album is recorded
digitally. so the CM] and the other conVentIonal instruments and
vocals are as crisp and clear as vinyl will allow.

The total effect of this album is both visceral and unworldly. It’s ac-
tually brilliant. as Is the musicianship. Gabriel Is Joined by Tony Levin
(who is a member of the newly reconstructed King Crimson on bass
and stick. Jerry Marotta on drums. and Peter Hammill (formerly of
Van der Graaf Generator) on backup vocals.

 

All In all. this record Is a welcome addition to the long wait (well
over two years) for it fit Justified. It is encouraging to know that Gabriel
will release no riffs until ripe. This monkey hopes that Gabriel will con-
l'lfl‘flemck him to life for many years to come. IJ

 

rumbeats- slow. silent and stealthy. Then there is a cry and

D a pounding death knell- a slow heartbeat of rhythm.
"Looking out the window/ I see the red dust clear/ High

up on the red roctt/ Stands the shadow with the spear."A startling Im-
age and Just the beginning of the startling new album by Peter Gabriel.

it's called Security but don't believe It for a minute. This is an album
where the listener must "submit to trust." There Is no choice.

: Damian VanDenburgh

From open to close. Security is anything but something easy and
comfortable to listen to. It grabs tigltt from the first song and will make
you cower or dance hystercaliy. Hysterically is the key word In this
review. It is a diving sort of rhythmic album-not funky. mindless dance
music. ignore the lyrics. then the music bites: ignore the music and the
lyrics transcend modern song lyrics and become poetry. Taken as a
whole. one realizes that this album is an "artistic statement".Peter
Gabriel Is not monkeylng around.

The first song “The Rhythm of the Heat" sets the tone for the entire
album. It tells the story of an observer who becomes possessed by the
rhythm of a civilization and a culture, In short. powerful- yet. )ust the
beginning. "San Jaclnto“ tells the story of an lndiart who Is dying. He
follows a medicine man up the San Jacinto Mountain In Southern
California "Past Sit 'n' Bull steakhouse/ white men dream." and per-
forms a death ritual. We assume he dies but the song ends with the
stirring chorus of “We will walk- on the land/ We will breathe- of the
air/ We will Clilnk‘ from the strearn/ We will live- hold the line." This
Is a maior point In the Gabriel album (and one is contained In each
song so that the final song "Kiss of Life" makes a stunning
summation). There will be survival— the culture will not be absorbed
and assimilated. It will retain its strength and life force- it will hold the

line.

 

or."- F." ‘- I’ve-3

 

"I Have the Touch" Is nicely juxtaposed with the first two songs.
Here Is the literal social creature aitd a chronicling of his actions. He
seems to be saying that we are instinctive anirnals- we still operate on
a primordial system of contact (this contact being used a motive for
acction- social and otherwise.) We do not rrteet a human though. The
song begins by describing the electricity passed by a fleeting glance of
Contact but when it becomes personal rather than anonymous the
"being" has "...all that fur and all that ltair/ Oh. do I dare... I have the
touch." it is the contact of two cultures. Gabriel wants to convey to us
that there is more to this being than fur and hair. There's a heart that Is
pumping the some blood through veins the same as urs. The first step
towards coalescence ts through the reaclting out and the contact that
occurs. When one the courage to do so. "i need contact/ Nothing
seems to please/l need contact."

"Tlte Family and the Fishing Net" is a phenomenal song. It tells the
story of a wedding rite as if it were seen through the eyes of western
culture. It Is terrifying and grotesquely sexual. "Light creeps through
her secret tunnels/Sucked Into the open spaces/ Burning out In sud-
den flashes/ Draining blood frorn will-fed faces." Rife’with psychos
sexual images. the song seems to corrupt a simple ceremony with the
Freudian disease that has become an almost religiously infectious part
of western life. It Is a subtle poiiit he rrrakes In a song filled with
subtleties and subtle distinctions ("The body and the flesh") The song
ends with the cutting of a wedding cake but by songs end. the cutting
becomes a cannabiltstic rite. “Nervous liartds grip tight the knife/ In
the darkness. till the cake Is cut./ Passed around In little pieces/ The
body and the fleslt./ The family and the lislting net." Jerry Marotta‘s
drumming is amazing; acting out the words and transformirtg the song
Into a visualized Image. An important "character" is Intorduced in this
song in the lines "Memories crash on tireless waves/ The llfegaurds
whom the winter saves."He reappears in “Kiss of Life".

The second side opens wiilt “Shock the Monkey". the single releas-
ed for FM airplay. This is the theme song for the album. The example
of the monkey used for scientific experimentation is what Gabriel ls
talking about. Assurrtirtg the monkey is an ancestor of rnoderrt man.
how hypocritical and heinous it is of us to torture It for tire sake of
knowledge. This feellrtg of vicarious observation touched on iii “The
Family and the Fishing Net" is spelled out In "Shock the Monkey".
This song Is a warning- trot a malevolent one but a reminder that the
monkey is as human as the human torturing it. “There Is one thing
you must be sure of/ I can‘t take anymore." Gabriel speaks for human
and animal ("the body and the flesh") irt that time.

The second side signals a change In perspective. The first side
points out and labels our "crimes" against an "uncivilized" culture.
and the second side gives room to that uncivilized culture. "Lay your
Hands on Me" is the "The Family..." from the viewpoint of the one
being observed. The hypocrites and grotesquertes are duly noted.
"l'm living way beyond my ways and means. living In the zone of the
Inbetweens.../worklng In gardens. thornless roses. fat men play with
their garden hoses." The "native" touched in "I Have the Touch" now
sits in a chair at a garden party buffered by the space of a cultural bar-
rier. wanting the touch once again. “But still the warmth flows through
me/ And I sense you know me well... lam willing- lay your hands on
me."

The album ends with "Kiss of Life.""l'he earth mother. the ancestral
statue dances before "the fishermen." “Dancing for the slow release.
first the boy and then the beast/ Then the beast." (“The Body and the
Flesh") She beckons to all to )oln In the dance- from the observer in
I"Tlte Rhythm of the Heat" to the lifeguard in “The Family and the
[Fishing Net". She Is the essence- the startling beauty of the life we all

ltvo- be it of the body or the flesh.

If this review has not made its point- look at the album cover. Better
yet. let it look at you. There is a statue or a mask. (presumably an-
cient) but It's a video image. The transfer of past to future while maln-

ltalning the essence of the original intention is Gabriel's point. To not
t"Hold the line" is to let go of our beginning and go skettering off blind-
ly Into our future. With this album. Peter Gabriel may hopefully
tighten our grip on the world and on ourselves. ['J

 

 

   
  
 

 
  
   
   

ometlmes its author's suicide
S gives a novel or poem an extra

degree of distinction. to the ex-
t the reader has trouble separating the
ottve qualities of the work Itself from the
,al extraordinary act of Its creator. The
’espair In Sylvia Plath's darkest verses. for
ample. Is underscored for modern
aders by the grim image of the poet stick-
ng her head In the oven whilevher children
slept a few rooms away.

Jessica Treadway

Not so with John Kennedy Toole and A
Confederacy of Dunces. Toole killed
himself In 1969. long before the book was
published. but In the much larger. genuine-
ly, engrossing world of Its characters. this
"fa'ct seems a trite. distant. and Incidental.

 

 

ebut albums can be funny. lt
D seems that some bands can

release dozens of "debut"
' albums. and never really hit it big. Others.
like The Cars. release a superb debut
album. followed by other big successes.
Yet others. like Boston. release a magnifi-
cant effort. only to be followed by a long
delay. then a lackluster release. We can
add another name to the list of excellent In-
troductory records: Men At Work's

 

 

he Genius Is‘A

Whatever despair the reader senses ~- and
this Is Toole's success -- comes solely from
Ignatius J. Reilly's outrage at his place in
the world and his half-hearted attempts to
fit Into It.

His place is New Orleans. and from the
moment we meet lgnatlus we realize this is
a lucky break for him. although he doesn't
know It. In a city known for its Mardi Gra-
stan. anything-goes atmoshphere. our fat
and sloppy hero. plagued by a faulty
pyloric valve that shuts painfully in the face
of degeneracy. who farts and belches In
public and consumes dozens of fool-long
wleners at a sitting. is regarded as just
another specimen of oddball. If a bit bigger
and smelller.

Sound like the type of boy you'd like to
bring home to mother? Hardly. But -- and
this Is a big but -- lgnatius' repellent looks

Business At‘Its

good enough to be given a recording con»
tract. in the late spring of I98]. they
released "Who Can It Be Now?" (their cur-
rent hit here). and back then down there it
spent many weeks In the top five. finally
certifying gold. The second single, "Down
Under." released trt November of '8] top-
ped the performance of its predecessor.
Their album. Business As Usual was releas-
ed in the States In early May. The band is
really hitting it big. not only among pro-

 

gressive music fans. but among the masses.

 

Robert Schneider

 Business as Usual. Whether they'll con-
tinue to race ahead like The Cars. or fade
away like Boston remains to be seen. This
fact cannot be negated: Business As Usual
is an album definitely worth looking Irtto.
Men At Work hall from Australia. a land
which has given us quarrsized beer carts.
and the pre-tuens delight. AC/I)C. Given
its previous musical offerings. like Rick Spr-
ingfield. rllltl the rrbovu inuntined 7th grttde
i I favorite. the prospect of a new act from
Australia may leave one slightly loss. than
thrilled Fortunately. Men At Work inc its
good as their name is different They were
somewhat of a local legend in tho .
Melbourne suburb of Richmond in WHO. A listen in the .‘Ibum reveals why
their reputation began to spread r'lll over The must digtmcr part of the Mon At
the continent/country. as they sold out Work sound is the utttqtll.‘ quality of Colin
shows all over the place. In Australia iit liay's voice, At different points on the
general. and in Melbourne In imrliculm‘. record. he reminds a listener oi Citrlns
Small clubs abound The competition Santana. Stet/o Wirrwtiriri. Sting of the
“mong ll“? myriad bill‘ds l5 “WCU- (“Kl Police. and the late Bon Scott of AC. DC

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

illem's 9mm PW‘SSUW ‘0 lilili’Vi‘lL’ "lid L‘K‘ At some points. he's all of the rtbovtI and
V partd one‘s sound. Despite the tension. or we” "mm, Hay dominates. on tho lyric
* POSSlbly because Ul ll. M0” N Work WU“! writing, sometimes sharing the musical

5 ebop!

t was durirtg the summer of 196‘)

I that Santana wowed a crowd of
over half a million people at
Woodstock with its hard driving. heavy
Latln~inf|uenced rock. Fourteen albums
and innumerable personnel changes later.
Santana'still has the same effect on its au—
dience. as they proved last Friday night in a
UCB/WCDB sponsored concert at the '
 Palace Theater. '

 Robert Gordon
Santana fits pierTeclly- intrf "the whole is
larger than the sum of its ports" category.
Led by its tamesake. Carlos Santana. the
band features a tltreu-rrrun percussion sec»
tion In addition to drummer Graham Lear
that perfectly complements Santanrr's elec—
trifying guitar playing. Their presence stood
out right from the beginning. as did lead
vocalist Alexander . ngertwood. Ligert-
wood's distinct vocals on "Searcltin" and
Russ Ballard's "Winning" off of last year‘s
hit album Zebop! proved his ability from the

 

_ 9
i
. it"rllhll _
start. His vocal treatment of "Well Alt
Right." combined with powerful percussion

improved in the Steve Winwood/Blind

 

   
 
 
   

antana

backing and Santana's crafty guitar licks-

 

are offset by a tremendous Intellect. a
savage. satiric sense of humor. and a
philosophy of life guided by the goddess
Fortuna. who "spins us on a wheel" and
directs our luck in cycles of good arid bad.

est

composing with guitarist Ron Strykerkt
Hay's lyrics are Intelligent. especially on "I
Can See It In Your Eyes." ti well-played
ballad about an attempt to rekindle the
flame of an old relationship l-lay
demonstrates his lyrical astuteitess with this
song — Winter kisses when your lips were
blue/Like chasing wild geese in the
snow/Pressing faces on the window
panes/But that's a long long time ago.
What's so interesting about this record is
the band's ability to leap from style to style.

and yet return .i unique sound lillt t‘hrtlll'
pie. "Down Under." mold “daily he at
trtliut'ed to a tlillllrllt.‘itll Reggae hand. but
it's not Definitely one of lllt‘ butter songs
on the record. If blend». \i‘tld lyrrts With it
very satisfying musrml ltrrt'knp. featuring .t
beautiful flute. lllrll flits through the song
(ireg llarn does a good tub on the flute.
along \vth the keyboards. but his most
notable contribution to this disk Is his

The book's title comes from a quotation

. by Swift: "When a true genius appears In

the world. you may know him by this sign.
that the dunces are all In confederacy
against him." If Ignatius Is the genius. the
dunces are the people who make up his
world: his long-suffering mother. whose
"vigorous assaults and blistering attacks"
negatively affect her sons valve; Miss Trix-
le. lgantlus’ antique co-worker at Levy
Pants. who comes to work in robe and slip-
pers and snores through the workday;
Myrna Mynkoff. an abrasive grad school
classmate of Ignatius from the Bronx now
"speaking boldly" on the campus lecture
circuit about "Sex in Politics: Erotic Liberty
as a Weapon Against Reactionaries." Plus
a handful of other characters who. In
several local-color subplots. add to the

8a>

mastery of thesaxophone. “Who Can it lie
Now)". the song that you're hearing so
much of these days. would be a pale
shadow of what it Is If It didn't feature
Ham's sax playing. Of course. some credit
should be given to Hay's lyrics on this one.
too His paratrotd lyrics bring a smile to
anyone who pays close attention to them.

On an album of very enloyable songs. it's
hard to pick a favorite. but after careful
corisrderaiion. "Underground" seems to be
It Without a doubt the most rocking song
on the album. it will get the air guitar (and
on bass. if such a thing exists) players to
plug in their instruments to It.

On final examination. the album leaves

I all but the harshest critics satislied. Melt At

Work know how to record a single. Most of

' the songs on Business As Usual are under

4 minutes long. and the uttly one that can
be considered long. "Down By The Sea."
is one of the weaker tunes on the record.
The hand his together well. although «ferry
Sperwr Ull ilrums Is hardly Ullllltld. so rt
liigrt'ul HINIIIUII t tirr't be formulated till ltitit
If he llltlll lit" Iltt‘ rest of the lJrllltl irt trtluttt.
llii.’lt lir“\ .rn uxiullortt tlltillllIl-‘I

\Kitlrtnrt .i «littilll. Mun At Wink lmr.’ .t
ltrt on lllt‘ll ltnrttls Thu .rlhuttt :» \l‘ mg uvil
rllltl With all the p-Itunnril singies on If we
may lli'tit many of its songs for months
Still. they are .t uni.l .rlhunr band. and must
lUlL'rISt’ another album quickly Too much
talent lint) drnulled on second albums and
paid for If like Boston Meatloaf took wins
to ri'leasu tr followup to lint ()rtt Hf fft'fl.
.rnd titnv he roulrirt't lill Sorters If he played
there Meir At Work should treat us to an
nitrate. and the sooner the better

Strikes Again .

l-‘aith version of the tune.

Next up was a slightly restrained rendir
tion of "Black Magic Woman/Gypsy
Queen." the group's famed segue from its
early period. which rust didn't have the ex
plosiveness of the version featured on the
group's live Moortflott'cr album. "Oye
Como Va" featured good interplay bet-
ween Santana and keyboardist Richard
Baker. though Ligertwood showed he
should brush up on his Spanish a little bit
Sandwiched in between a number of tit-
strumentrtls were tunes off the band's cur-
rent album. the Afro-influenced Sharrgo.
including another Ballard tune "Nowhere
to Run."; “Oxuni (Oshun)." which
featured .t tour de force by the percussion
section. and the melodic "Hold On,"
Following itti extended power solo by bass
guitarist David Margen was the instrumen-
tal opus “Soul Sacrifice." which featured
loud. piercing guitar runs by Santana and a
long. energetic solo by drummer Lear.
who was later joined by Santana on the
drum set. *

The encores showed the band was still

 

red hot after two ltours plus of playing.
Ltgertwood's vocals were as strong as ever
on “Open Invitation" while Santana's
guitar screeclted throughout. “She's Not
There." the old Zombies hit. was an ab-
solute piledriver. which exemplified Sart-
tana's ability to do excellent cover versions
of others material. The last fifteen minutes
of the show was pure Carlos Santana.
whose guitar skills. especially in holding a
note. have few rivals on either stde of the
Alldttllt‘ He closed out the performance
with the blues—like "Europa" and left the
stage With the band doing an African chant
frortr Sharrgo. while the stage lit up to
display a mural depicting African natives.
The band seems to have found strong
stability in its current line-up. wit: n has re—
mained the same for the last threw albums.
The percussion section of Raul Rekow.
Orestes-Vilaio and the imcompamble Ar-
mando Peraza meshes so well with Lear,
Baker. Marger and Carlos Santana that It
can be said Santana. the surprise of
Woodstock. is not so surprisingly better
El

than ever.

.3 1 C Wolon 70

kc“ “ "GO “Honooa

N

 

 

 

