. 1.»
was -a..rc._.u.._......... --_.-._.V.e__ . H

 

 

. "grewwa Ain't

 

 

 

My.)  .  .._., .j...~..».,.,_‘..,,r “(2.3.”

 

 

 

 

ﬂ. CENT!

 

a page tie/May 7, 1982 I .

. WANTED

a lright. we‘re not going to lie to you. Things are pretty bleak out there. We're talk-

 

use...‘ .tN. ... ..N >.. ._

ing job-wise. of course. though some are voicing concern that the inevitable world

war which will flare up over the Falklands thing faster than you can say “Sarajevo”
might make your hunt for an entry level position pointless anyway. The College Placement
- Council. which keeps track of such things. says this year's college grads are receiving about
" . 14 percent fewer job offers than seniors did last year. Pretty grim. About the only solace to
i be found in the CPC's statistics Is the one saying that things are down for engineering and
computer science majors as well. unless you are an engineering or computer science major.
} In that case. join the club. .
' “We aren't sure why the number of offers is down." says Judith Kayser of CPC in a story
by the College Press Service. Kayser can't tell if It's a decrease in the number of jobs. or Just
in the number of offers. An employer might have made six offers In the past before filling a

t . i.racar:cy. Bfut now Kayser th'ifnks grads are taking the first offers they get. thus filling those Gabriel Camacho _ (Anthropology & Sociology);
‘. upen ngs a ter one or two a ers.
S UNYA is an institutionalized process. I feel great about what I've studied. but I'm

  
  

To Sullivan (Art & Busines)
Kelly Wall - (RCO 8: English)

K elly: I guess euerything's got to end sometime — I'm a bit apprehensive about

 

   

leaving — but I'm looking forward to expanding my ideas and philosophy. I've

learned a lot about people —— lining in close quartershas taught me tolerance. l

guess you haue to start somewhere!"
Tom: "I've teamed just as much out of the classroom as I've learned in — I'm conﬁdent

it - All this rumination underlines the fact that this year's job market is one of the most
disgusted at what this school has done to the community. Incidents such as May/est
and optimistic about the future. "

' unusual in recent years. The CPC has been keeping tabs on the trends and patterns of the
, past. confident that each year “pretty much mirrors" the year before. Kayser ls befuddled and the current controversy about the buses has excluded a lot of people and
 because this year hasn't followed any pattern. created an atmosphere o/semi-fasclsm. People here are just unaware of major issues — the
, The most obvious example of this Is the tightening market for the so-called “high-tech" ASP and administration aren't relaying true facts — the only way to find out what is true is
majors. Once the darlings of industry. computer and engineering types will suffer the effects to personally get involved.
of a decline felt first among the auto industries and now by all industry. My graduation is simply for my parents — for me it is just standing out in the sun for n

Not that you should stick around another semester and go for something else: Kayser is couple of hours — it'sjust one big party. I'm optimistic about leaving this place and gelling
Confident that the high-tech majors will get jobs ~— just not offers at the. rate they heard exposed to different people and ideas — though I'ue enjoyed myself. getting out will bt’
about four years ago, alright.

And technical grads are still getting the highest starting salary offers. Petroleum engineers
are drawing average offers of 530.452. up 14 percent over last year, Chemical engineers
are getting average offers of 1927.168. up 11.5 percent.

Business majors are in pretty good shape too. with salary offers up eight-to-nlne percent.
And computer science grads jumped from $2l.()(it) last year to $25.00“ this spring.
Physical science grads. says Knyser. are averaging 3324.000.

And then there's liberal arts majors Knyser gives no statistics on them. mercifully. but
says. “(theyi aren't facing too much different in terms of the job market. Like in the past.
they'll have to plan. go out and search for jobs. and settle for lower salaries." Kayser advises
a serious approach to job hunting. and the scattered computer science. business. finance or
marketing class which “could make you more attractive."

Consider Kayser's approach an example of cautious pessimism. The “things could be
worse" approach to career counselling. The main thing to remember is that somewhere
there's a job out there. a desk just waiting for your nameplate. it's a matter of trying.say the ,
counsellors.

And just remember: things could be worse. You could be a journalism major. Ll

 

 

 

 

 

     

Kurt Schnakenberg - (English, Planetarium Sciences):

etting out of here will be great, but I'm going to have to pay back all my loans. I'm
G an artist and I don't want to work. I also don't want to tie myself down any more
with plddling little school projects while I could be working on something serious. i
wont to sit on top of a mountain and not haue to worry about classes.
_ “Moving out ofAlbany is on important aspect o/graduation. on the other hand. it is good
" \ I have an academic egg to fall into. in case [don't make it in the real world."

 

 

 

 

 

Richard Lerner — (Philosophy, English/Chinese):
'm not applying for a diploma. I don't think there should be graduation —
I diplomas put an extrinsic value on knowledge and learning — as grades do.
These ‘rewards' are external merits and replace learning. To me. learning is a pro-
cess of unconforrning people who have been conformed the most. I'm as happy about

graduation as I am about being here."

i

 

  

 

Richard Alan Altman l - (Accounting & Business):
I t’s about time I had responsibility— but I really hate changes. Iknow that when l

 

get home it will be strange for a week or two. but [guess as soon as I establish my
independence and find a job I'll be more content. [feel like I've gotten a good
education here, and although my GPA isn't the greatest, I’m confident my personality will
help ""3 gel a good job. "

 

 

 

 

 

Don Berge - (Psychology 8: Sociology):

B eing at SUNYA is being in the crux of the system — this is society’s final way of

 

making sure you conform to the plastic social order of things. I'm looking forward to
graduation — the next phase of my life Is opening up to me. Rather than proving!
can function within the system, I 'm going to Africa to work with the Peace Corps. lhope to
get a grasp on who lam —- I'd like to recapture what I was before l'became a victim of rules ‘ "
and regulations. I did learn some things here —- I've met some great people and made good ’ " l '
connections. I hope to maintain my contact; but more fully use myself to put what I‘ve

'2 learned into effect. rather than a'maskas a means of communication. Two things I've learn.   -  Science & wom

  

Dave Zimmerman - (Accounting & Business):
have mixed feelings about graduation. It's hard to feel comfortable with big

i ’ l til i be starting a whole new part of my life. I'll be do- ' , ' . . ' -
I c'"""“"'"' mm“ "9 O ;Armond Cardtlio - (Computer Scrence 8: Math):

 

' .

.i

lng things l'ué never had a chance to do — freedom to travel and enjoy life. i'ue

 

worked hard 18 years for a reason ~ "0‘0 "'9 "3°50" 1‘ ‘" f’om °l me am" "' 'eady '0 face rm really Psyched about graduation — l have a lab all lined up for "19"”ka '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. ’ _
j t ad here are empathy and how to talk — Ihope to merge these together to help people and en 8 StUd'es):
' '"e ’9‘” ' ' t . l i If e can be good because it is a challenge. The trick in life ‘
w get out of the rat race. In“ it enjoyed my classes — but! m looking forward to getting om of hem. p," it and meet It head on Anyth n9 n_/ u s “.5 bane, to m" mm1 the punches. u good money a, a computer programmer trainee. [feel like lm moving up and my
' i ' w :l’pumm'c dbau‘ me [mum _ b'“ "m "°‘ ’" a great hurry I'm looking lor- '5 "0' to lake "my! '00 among" some me - education has definitely helped me a lot. I m looking forward tomore responsibili-
3  ‘c ‘ ' b D  Io, m _ Izzeljnzazrif:e tlr’r'Ie to read. swim. and be outdoors. SUNYA has been good i _ 1 . ‘ i ‘ I \ . ‘ jg in my life, and although '1' do feel sorrowful at leaving SUNYA. l'm psyched to be‘mouing
: I “1 ws‘ V H I, e_ v  I  . H , ' A My  ~.  “Mari-mun a Iln‘le.llr¢d:}"c:'°:fﬁ" Open“ UP and I've experienced a lot of different " ‘ onto different challenges. _‘  H u  a ‘ W .: 1 I I I I ‘ _ ‘ l . _ V  ‘ I
n L :1“ . > .1 .,., . v ' Y. ‘1‘ W l I I '    ___H_,_,__.,_,.,..,........_....  v . I ‘ _ a”! t..
‘ ‘* w “Wm” "‘ . . .  f3“. acqg,’ i.‘.‘»’i--I“i .,.‘i'i'1'. v i‘ ‘g.  i,   . . '. .f..'.'.
I . . . . x ,. . . . -

-. -_...-. .. .
“,‘oa ~NAJ‘0-

 

 Marc Hemchol':"   

