  

 

N \VPV N

Me VW—VV'~\_/

\’ V . I vac MA/‘\—/‘

FOR THE STRAY CATS
0N CERT THIS FRIDAY
DECEMBER 10

 

 

would like to announce the 

5’ will be the opening act.

at ‘k ‘k f * *
IN ADDITION: I

V

N

THE SHOW IS SOLD 001': there will be absolutely

no tickets available on the night of the show: Listen to
9' m for your chance to win tickets.

2. Doors will open approximately 8:00 RM.

3. There will be beer served.
1 Forms of valid I.D. For Ase I9 must be presented

for purchase.

AND

l
f THERE WILL BE NO CAMERAS, TAPE RECORDERS

OR ANY ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ALLOWED INTC‘
THE BALLROOM

    

 
     

MW\

...- ,.__ ‘M‘ _‘¢

1 r

 

 

 

_ ‘3‘“

- A _’..~.._,,—,..

l .

  
 
 
  

 

Wallenberg 's fate remains a mystery

<3

reported that Wallenberg was still alive in
Soviet prison. One prisoner. Andrei
Skimkevitelr. said he had shared a cell with
Wallenberg in 1947. Two more ex-
prisoners said they had communicated with
Wallenberg in solitary confinement through
a tapping code.

"Wallenbcrg. Budapest, Swede. Let
them know where i am." he was said to
ltave tapped.

Evidence continued to build. in 1956.
tlte Swedish government reconfronted the
Soviet government with this information.
in I957 they received back a note. signed by
Deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko.
reporting that Wallenberg died in a Soviet
prison irt i947. The note said that a hand-
written report turned up. written by the Lu-
bianka Prison’s doctor. saying that
Wallenherg died of an apparent heart at-
tack irt his cell on July 17.

Haspel said this note was ltigltly
suspicious. given the Soviet government‘s
penchant for careful docutrterttation. And
as (irorrtyko has risen in the Soviet hierar-
chy, she added. Wallctthcrg‘s chances for
release dcercaSed.

livery year. liaspel said. new evidence
corttirttres to srrrface that \Vallenberg sur-

vives in the Gulag. She explained that it
released prisoner. Jan Kaplan. reported to
daughter in israel that there was a Swede in
prison who had been there for thirty years.

Word reached the Swedish government.
which directed new inquiries to the Soviets.
Haspel explained. Kaplan was imprisoned
again. and his daughter received
anonymous phone calls in lsrael warning
her not to speak of Wallenberg for her
father‘s sake. Haspel added.

"We still have not given up hope."
Haspel said. Wallenbcrg‘s seventieth birth-
day was on August 9th.

SUNYA Graduate student Neil
Tevebauglt-Kenwryck has joined the effort,
spurring history professor H. Peter Krosby
to nominate Wallenberg for the Nobel
Peace Prize. He also successfully lobbied
Governor Hugh Carey to declare last Oc-
tober Stir as Raoul Wallenberg day in New
York state. and submitted a resolution to
the state legislature urging President
Reagan and Vice President Bush to take ac-
tion on behalf of Wallenbcrg. The resolu-
tion passed quickly. On October 5. l9til.
Reagan had signed a hill making
Wailertbcrg art honorary citizen of the
United States.

“i was incensed when I heard what trap-

Wharton: SUN Y must work as system

<Front Page
arllocrttcd to campuses,

the State l.'ui\crsily has also enacted a
rtcw spending plan wlticlr would hate
redistributed the SH rrtilliort held by t‘rrr’cy.
even though the legislature allocated the
rtrrrortcy to individual campuses.

l'lrc spending plan requires carrtpuscL to
subrttit sctcrrrl monthly and quarterly
reports on promotions. position changes
artd unplanned expenses. (‘arrrpus actions
included irt the reports are subject to SUNY
Central review and revision.

Chancellor (‘lil'tort R. Wharton has
stated that SUNY must act more as a
systcrlt. “That does not mean that cant—
prrscs rrrust lose their individuality. their
uniqueness or their autonomy." Wharton
said. H‘l .‘.v:,\' should r’ecogtti/e that they are
part of a system and tirerc are many times
when they have greater strength collectively
than they would have singly."

Redefining "excellence"

Orte way of achieving this strength,
Wharton said. is to errrpltasize certain pro-
grams on each campus while trimming
others. This could include offering certain
programs on select campuses. Wharton
said.

SUNY Administrators agree that his is
the direction of planning irt tlte State
University.

"It‘s going to be a more sclectitc rruitcr'-
stty irt that not all campuses are going to be
cverylhrng to all people." Vice (‘ltrtrtccllor
for iiusiness and Finance Harry K. Spirrdlcr
declared. “(‘urrtprrscs will begin to isolate
the things they're very good at."

Since gaining new money from the state
for new positions is unlikely. ()'|)o\\d said.
“if we're going to add sorttc things \vc'Ic
going to hate to contract. offering certain
fields of study on fewer carttpuscs.“

Indeed. “selective excellence" is Whar-
ton‘s goal: SUNY. he belietcs. must
redefine excellence. offering srrtaller but
stronger programs on fewer campuses.

Quality vs.tiiversity

Critics contend that "selective
cxccllcrtce" means relusing many students
an cdtrcaliort in their field of interest and
reducing diversity of students artd programs
on campuses. FL'WCI‘ students cart enroll in
smaller programs. they say, and fetter ma-
jors on a campus will limit students‘ cs-
posrrre to other viewpoints artd disciplines.

Wharton noted that campuses are very
conscious of the rtecd to maintain "some
diversity and balance." artd that this shows
irt planning, sessions with SUNY Central.

Spindlcr stressed the financial control of
the university that the state government int-
poscs. saying “You've got so may people
watching what you do irt this state.“ .3;

--ASP Composition Service
, ‘ , , . >.',‘.,._CUH“$3389 . . ,‘ 
Posters __Resrmrcs -— L 0 w Rates

DECEMBER 7, 1982 o ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 7

pened to Wallenbcrg." Tevebaugn-
Kenwryck said. He is now working. along
with Krosby and Haspel in urging inﬂuen-
tial people to submit secondary nomina-
tions to the Nobel committee on behalf of
Wallenbcrg. He said Simon Wlesenthal.
the famed Nazi-hunter, Coretta Scott King.
as well as congressmen and government of-
ficials abroad have agreed to second
Krosby's nomination.

“it is anybody's guess." Tevcbaugh-
Kenwryck said. on whether Wallenbcrg is
still alive and might someday be released.
“But it is important to see his ac-
complishments will be recognized in world
history." ['1

PLO wants freedom
<3

could see the PLO influence on the people
there. He considered the inﬂuence bad for
the people of Lebanon.

Asa reaction to Nakhlelt's statement that
the PLO is considered synononrorrs with the
Palestinian people Windmucller said. “Has
arty one ever held an election for tire
Palestinian people to decide whether the
PLO should represent them?"

Nukltlclt's speech was sponsored by the
Arab Student Association of SUNYA and
the (‘upilrrl l)lstrict(‘orruttitce for Palestine
Rights.

Central Council

<Front Page
the facts.

LaSusa said Central Council will ex— .

amine its impeachment proceedings
before another hearing. One policy revi-
sion LaSusa favors is to have impeach-
ment hearings judged by a judicial board
instead of Central Council. so that
members won't have to judge their cm
workers.

At SUNY-New Paltz. vice-president of

Financial Affairs, Rob Rabii said that on- '

ly meetings dealing with hired personnel
are closed. "The editor and the paper
realize that executive session is only deal-
ing with personnel matters." he said.

Dismissal for excessive absenteeism is
brought before their Senate in an open
meeting and voted on by open ballots.

Rabii explained. “We don't see it as be-
ing that damaging."

Buffalo Student Assembly speaker
Jerry Olsen said. "The constitution states
that the Assembly must be open to
students at all times.“ At SUNY Buffalo.
iiingltarnton. and New Paltz. absence
from a set number of meetings rcsttlts in
art automatic dismissal. Otltcr cases for

‘distttissal go to a judiciary board. lTi

 

 

SUNY t“ " Clltton R. Wharton

 

His goal is to offer smaller bur stronger programs on fewer campuses.

 

 

Call or Visit...

 

THERE’S SOMETHING
FOR EVERYONE 

* educational talks
* free pamphlets

*book library

Before it’s a Problem

GENESIS

Sexuality Resource Center

457—8015
Schuyler 105 Dutch: Mon., Tues., 61. Wed. 7’10 pm

 

Chaykin’s CPA—
Review at
Hofstra

lS PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE THE START
OF THE REVIEW COURSE lN PREPARATlON
FOR THE MAY 1983 CPA EXAM.

 

 

 

H r ;

 

I Our tacutty has lectured to the NY.
State Association tor C.P.A. Candi-
dates and to seven of the largest
C.P.A. firms for in-house training.

I Instruction by highly qualified college
professors. All live instruction.

I Free repeat privilege.

For further information. call

(516) 560-5684 or write:

DR. RALPH S. POLIMENI

103 Heger Hall. Hotstra University

Hempstead. NY. 11550

HOFS’IRA
WERE“

'3 "‘A —~.‘ foﬂm‘
Hotstra University is an equal educational opportunity institution.

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

H. _ .sr 1w. } ~.a:-vnuy..m......e...__._ I

 
 
 

 

 

