    

 
   

 

«rt-.aerzmiésrtz. .

 

-w... a. .1"... .. .

 

 

at

World capsules
W
Campaigns prove costly

Washington, D.C
(AP) Americans elected the most expensive Congress
money can buy.

By all estimates. campaigns for 435 House seats and 33
Senate posts cost more than $300 million. and make it the
most expensive congressional election in history.

The total costs of the campaigns was up 25 percent from
the roughly $240 million spent two years ago. and the $200
million spent in I978. the last comparable non-presidential
election year.

It will be months before the ﬁnal ﬁgures are in from the
more than 2.000 candidates and 3,000 political committees
who raised and spent the money. but there are enough clues
available .to give a good estimate of the final bill.

Common Cause. the non-partisan citizens organization,
has added up the most recent pre-election spending reports
submitted by the major party nominees in the Senate races.
Those candidates spent about $82 million. Common Cause
said.

After including independents. write-ins. third party
nominees and all the candidates who never made it pan the
primaries. Common Cause thinks the Senate races will cost
$120 million in the end.

On the House side, Common Cause has tabulated only
87 key contests so far. As of Oct. 13. the major party
nominees in those races spent $43.5 million. The watchdog
group predicts total expenditures will reach $180 million.

Meanwhile. private groups have probably spent about $4
million to attack or support candidates independently of
the official campaigns.

 mop, lltlt‘Ix-Aiit (i1 rV Lita , grin .) r,-

Talks halted in Mexico

Mexico City
(AP) More than 30.000 strikers have shut down Mexico's
largest airline and university. seeking pay hikes to offset
soaring inflation, and a national labor leade. vowed not to
extend a Nov. Ii deadline for a general walkout.

There was no end in sight today to the strikes at Mex-
icana airlines and the National University. which marked
the first major job action since labor leader Fidel Velazquez
called for the nationwide strike if businessmen refused to
grant emergency pay increases.

Spokesmen for the union representing 7.323 ground
workers at Mexicana said talks broke off late Sunday and

l I

 

 

Malaria in numbers ‘

The Statistics Colloquium continues! Today at 3:30
pm. Professor Burton Singer of Columbia University will
be discussing “Mathematical and Statistical Problems in
the Study of Malaria Transmission" in Earth Science MO.
The talk will present a review of attempts to construct and
test models of the malaria transmission process. and a
detailed discussion of the statistical problems associated
with such a study.

 

Penaphobia'

“Writing and Writing Anxiety" will be the topic of a
meeting of Returning Women Students on Thursday,
November 4 at noon in Campus Center 370. Everyone is
welcome; bring your lunch.

Returning Women will continue to meet there every
Thursday. for lunch. getting acquainted. and free discus-
sion. "Test Anxiety" will be the special topic on
November iii, For more information. call Dorothy
Bellick at 355-8704.

Guess your best

John C. McEneny. Commissioner of Human Resources
for the City of Albany and author of Albany, Capital on
the Hudson. will be the speaker at the SUNYA University
Libraries Friends' program. The talk. scheduled for Sun-
day. November 7 at 2:30 pm. In the Page Hall
auditorium, will feature a “slide show guessing game"
with architectural details of Albany's buildings for the au-
dience to identify. Refreshments and tours of ilawiey
Library will be available after the reception.

“‘1’ “48

 

Do it in Denmark

The Office of International Programs will hold a
meeting Monday. November 8 at 3 pm. In the
Humanities Lounge for students interested in studying in
Copenhagen. Denmark. Keynote speaker will be Niels
Go'ttllcb Larsen, Associate Director of Studies and Pro-
fessor of Political Science for Denmark's international
Study Program at the University of Copenhagen.
Students may enroll in programs in Liberal Arts. Interna-
tional Business or Architecture and Design, For further
information call the office at 457-8678.

Dance to the movement

Wallﬂower Order. a nationally acclaimed woman's
dance theatre collective which combines dance. theatre.
comedy. martial arts and sign language, will be perform-
ing at Page Hall. Saturday, November 6 at 8 pm.

The collective, which was formed in i975 to express
political perspectives of feminism. has rcccntiy returned
from a tortr of Nicaragua and will be incorporating
solidarity with Latin American struggles in its perfor-
mances.

Tickets will be $3.50 in advance and $4.50 at the door.
For further information call 434-4037.

Managing management

Gregory H. Luric. Vice President of Roth-Luric. P.C..
and senior staff member Donald W. Carman. Jr.. will
present a free workshop entitled “Management Fraud:
Arc CPA's Detectives?“ at the College of Saint Rose Fri-
day. November 5 from 7 to 9 p.m. The lecture will be held
in Room 205 of the Science Hall.

The workshop. sponsored by CSR's Graduate Program
in Management. will distinguish between management
and employee frattd. describe some major frauds and pre-
sent means by which businesses can protect themselves.
Small businessmen should find it especially helpful. For
more information. contact Sister Ida DcCastro. Social
Sciences Division Head. at 454-5272.

 

 

workers walked out Monday after u r.-

it could not offer more than a 25 percent across-the-board
salary increase. The workers earn the equivalent of $I70 to
$645 a month.

Meanwhile. more than 23.000 non-academic personnel at
the government-subsidized National University remained
firm in their demand for a minimum 60 percent wage bike.
The strkc affects about 350.000 students and 45.000
teachers.

Shuttle to be launched

Cape Canaveral, Fla.
(AP) The countdown begins Sunday for the Veterans Day
launch of the space shuttle Columbia. scheduled to embark
on its first operational mission after four test flights.

“Everything looks real good and we haven't had any
problems." Kennedy Space Center spokesman Jim Hall
said Monday.

As part of its mission, Columbia‘s cargo bay will carry
the Canadian Anik and Satellite Business Systems satellites.
which are to be unloaded in orbit and later moved up to a
stationary orbit 22,300 miles above the equator.

Vance Brand and Robert Overmyer are the pilots for the
five-day ﬂight.

The countdown is to begin at 3 am. Sunday. Launch is
set for 7:19 am. on Nov. II.

Men sought in Tylenol case

Chicago, Ill.

(AP) Police were looking today for a man with a history of

mental illness after investigators searched his apartment
and said it was "essential" to question him about the seven
deaths from cyanidc~taintcd Tylenol.

An ail-points bulletin for Kevin J. Mastcrson. 35. a
former Cbicngo-area resident. was issued to police nation-
wide Morrday. Illinois Attorney General Tyrone Fahncr
said.

I’ahner declined to specify why Masterson was being
sought. but said “an interview with Masterson is essential"
to the investigation into the late September deaths of seven
people who took [Extra-Strength Tylenol capsules spiked
with cyanide.

Musterson has not been charged with any crime or name
in an arrest warrant. His father tpid the Chicago Trlhrrnc
that his son was not involved in the deaths. bttt “has a big
mouth" and might have made comments about the killings
that were distorted.

 

 

Back to Bakke

Washington, D.C.
(AP) When economic hard times hit. can employers be
forced to cast aside seniority systems and protect racial
minorities from layoffs?

The Supreme Court agreed Monday to answer that ques-
tion when it accepted a dispute from Boston for review.
The justices will decide whether such steps, taken to make
up for past racial bins. are forms of "reverse discrimina-
tion" against whites.

Lower courts said Boston’s traditional "last-hired. first-
fircd." seniority system could be set aside to preserve jobs
for blacks and Hispanics in the city's fire and police depart-
ments. ‘

Under usual layoff procedures. a cutback irt departmen-
tal employees last year would have dropped the percentage
of minorities among lioston police from “.7 to 6.2 per-
cent. Minority representation among firefighters would
have dipped from 14.7 to 9.1 percent. Iloth departments
have been under court orders to incrcnse the number of
blacks and Hispanics who worked for them.

A federal trial judge last year ruled that despite the
layoffs. the percentage of blacks and minorities could not
decrease.

The first US. Circuit Court oprpeals upheld that order
last May. saying it was needed to carry out established affir-
mative action. ,

The Supreme Court's eventual decision is not likely to
signal a retreat from its previous rulings upholding the
validitiy of some forms of affirmative action. The court
fir5t so ruled in it s famous “Bakke” deicision of W78.

Wazzan wants more power

lie/rut, Lebanon

(AP) Prime Minister Shafik Wazzan today asked Pnrlia-,

rncrtt for powers to rttle by decree for eight months and iii-
troduce sweeping political. economic. fiscal, social and
defense reforms in this war-ravaged nation.

As he addressed Parliament. privately owned radio stu-

 

tlorrs in iieirut reported new clashes between rightist Chris- v

tian and leftist Moslcm Druse militiamen in Lebanon's
Chouf Mountains.

 

In his policy statement. Wazzan said withdrawal of
Israeli, Syrian and Palestinian forces frorn Lebanon was the
top priority for his newly formed lO~man Cabinet of
technocrats.

He requested exceptional powers to rule by decree until
June 30. to reform among other things the nation's civil
service and its citizenship and parliamentary election laws.
Parliamentary elections. postponed since 1976, are due for
mid-I983. although no data has been set.

1984 campaign begins

Washington, D. C.
(AP) When the smoke clears after the 1982 campaign.
voters might expect their elected officials to set aside par-
tisanship and start dealing with the problems that
dominated the political debate the past IZ months.

That's not likely to happen.

The I984 presidential campaigan begins today, and will
assure that politics of confrontation will preside in the na-
tion's capital for the next two years.

in the White House will be the Republican president
fighting to continue a program designed to alter govern-
mental trends of the past half-century.

Among his opposition in the Senate will be at least five
Democrats-Edward M. Kennedy. John Glenn. Gary Hart.
Alan Cranston and Ernest Hollings-who yearn to capture
the presidency in the I984 election.

Fighting continues

th‘OSftl, Cyprus-
(Al’) iran claimed today it recaptured 90 square miles of
territory near Dexful in oil-rich Khuzistnu province in rt ma-
jor offensive against occupying iraqui troops.

A military cornmttniquc quoted by the Islamic Republic
News Agency said "many lrttquis" were killed in the offen‘
sive launched Monday night and at least “7 were taken
prisoner.

lioth lrtut and Iraq indicated fighting continued today.

Iraq claimed lrunittn forces uttemptdd to cross the border
into Iraq but said massive air strikes were forcing the lrn-
titans to retreat.

Iranian Parliament Spcukcr i'lusemi Rnfsnnjnni told

. legislators in Tehran that a “vast area" between i’ukeh attd

Deholran in western Iran. as well as strategic heights utrd
kcy passes urtd border posts were recaptured from it‘ttq.

__._. .MQWW .

NOVEMBER 3, [982 D ALBﬁiN Y STUDENT PRESS 3

 

Black Solidarity Day focuses on minority unity

 

By Laura Nuss

 

With a raised South African Flag and a
heightened sense of unity. approximately 50
students led by the Albany State Gospel
Chorus. paraded in song on the podium
yesterday to commemorate Black Solidarity
Day.
Black Solidarity Day, sponsored by the
Albany State University Black Alliance
(ASUBA) was designed to raise SUNYA’S
consciousness and unite the black com-
munity on and off campus. according to
ASUBA President Eddie Edwards.

Speaking enthusiastically to a group of
approximately 20 black students. Depart-
ment Chairman of African and Afro-
American students Dr. Frank Poguc ex-
pressed his deep concern about the need for
a cohesive community among black
students. I

Poguc declared that the "way to
solidarity is through consciousness raising.
We must identify with each other — say
hello. touch each other. even say i r rvc you
~— we have something in common —- We are
all an oppressed minority.”

Referring to the lilack Altrrnni Associa-
tion us it source of strength and support for
the students. l’ogue cxpinirtcd that ASUBA
was the link between the SUNYA carrrpus
and the alumni. it is. according to I’ogue. u
lilrk urgently needed to encourage con—
sciousrress raising.

He also encouraged all black \tudents to
enroll in Afro-American studies courses.
"if you don’t know your history. you don‘t
know yourself. if you don't know yourself,
you can become part of the problem."
l’ogue warned.

Poguc also cited the ('omnmnity Services
Program as a useful educational device to
the university since it provides a vehicle for

unity and support. “Most of us know so-
meone in prison, and it is important to visit
and write letters to the inmates," Poguc
said.

According to Poguc. the peak of black
enrollment at SUNYA was 800 students in
I973. but since then, it has declined to 480.
Poguc emphasized the need to continue to
struggle for more black students. faculty
members. and administrators. saying. "We
must try not to lose students. but to reach
the peak again. Everyone needs us! We are

the people who have historically alerted the
oppressor. We must do this not only for
ourselves. but for the needs of oppressed
people around the world."

In another speech, Howard Straker. a
t98l SUNYA graduate warned about the
dangers of the KKK.

Straker explained that there are a lot of
misconceptions about the organization.
"The KKK are a group of organized ter-
rorists. Although the media never refers to
them as terrorists. history certainly in-
dicates that the are." he said.

 

 

 

 

mix-up.

SA vana shuttling students to oft-campus polling places were packed as
students turned out to vote in record numbers.

Some 100 Alumni Quad residents who tried to vote at the Church Hall poll-
Ing place on State St. had some difficulty voting. According to Billy Carl.
Church Hall Democratic committeeperson. the students had listed the uptown
campus address on their registration cards Instead of their downtown ad.
dress. He said that the students were sent to other polling places or given
paper ballots. and that several students failed to vote because of the

HILARY LANE Ul’S

- Heidi Gralla

 

 

Straker continued by saying that there is
a direct correlation between the number of
active members in the KKK and the
economic conditions in the history of the
US.

"The number of active participants
grows during periods of economic hard-
ships. The Klan feeds on the ignorance of
their own white people." be said. "When
the times get rough they say. ‘Black people
have your jobs' they have your place in
school, they're taking your place in
society."'

Strakcr also believed that when "the
black community unity is high. the KKK
seems to deteriorate. When we assert
humanity and call for human rights. the
enrollment declines. During the I960's civil
rights movement. KKK activity declined."

The KKK primarily based their tactics on
the element of surprise. Strakcr maintain-
ed. Calling thcm "terrorist cowards.” he
emphasi/ed the need for an organized com-
rrrurrity.

“It is important to speak out and unite.
We how to he informed. since they work on
the element of surprise. We need to prrt
aside petty differences and forrn com.
rurrrrications networks. We must be
organized to maintain our cxistence."
Strukcr sniti.

iioji Jordtttt. unolltcr spcttkcr who it. a
member of the Pan African Congress of
/\lttlllll. voiccti deep regret about the in
Justices of apartheid.

lorduu referrer! In apartheid in South
Africa as ttll exact counterpart of the KKK
in the Unich Slates.

“Apartheid rucnrts |l\iug upan betwcctr
blacks and whites, not just segregation, btrt
itl\lillllitlliilillt.‘ti political. social. and
economic segregation of blacks," Jordan
said. i 1

Officer defends ROTC discrimination policy

 

By Matt Nichols

ROTC Capt. Rex Osbourne addresscd
the Gay and Lesbian Allittncc last night on
the issue of discrimination against
homosexuals in the military.

GALA contends that ROTC should not
be allowed to remain on campus because of
its anti-homosexqu policy. Presently, a
homosexual may not be commissioned for
duty in the U.S. Army. Osbourne. who
teaches ROTC at SUNYA. volunteered to
come and speak to the alliance itt defense of
campus ROTC policy.

“The average person in the army today
doesn't have much education. comes from
a low-income background. and has kind of
a macho image of himself." said Osbourne.
“These people would not be willing to ac—
eept open homosexuality."

"If ROTC is moved off campus uttd its
rnctrtbcr's (currently ubotrt 40) are forced to
commute, will that really help the gay and

 

lesbian cause?" he asked.

Elizabeth Britt, steering cornrrrittc
member of GALA. maintained litttl since
homosexuals cannot join the program and
enjoy its benefits such as the tuition
assistance plans. then under the non-
discrimiuruiorr policy signed by President
O'l.cury in I980. the program should be
thrown off campus.

O'|.cary's non-discrimiuution policy
reads that the right of a student to full uc‘
cess of educational opportunities will be
protected. the University will make no
stipulations cortccrrritrg sexual or affec-
tiouul preferences in its crnployrneut pt'ttc-
fleets. and discrimination will be prohibited
concerning collateral SUNYA programs,
including residence halls. financial aids and
athletics.

One student suggested that if 50 percent
of all cmnpuscs evicted ROTC. the govern-
ructtt would change its policy.

“I don't thirtk it would matter,

to

r‘cpiicd

Osbourne.

ROTC was allowed on cttmprrs in spring
I980. and so far. the issue of getting the
program kicked off has been defeated in
votes held by both Central Cotrcii true the
University Senate.

Osbourne. who tttildL‘ it clear that all of
his opinions did not nccessarily coincide
with the Army's. said that time would be It
major factor in hornoscxunl's assimilation
irtto the military. He also said that kicking
ROTC off campus was the wrong approach
in achieving this goal. lie said the most cf-
i'ectivc way to effect it change would be for

gay and lcshirttt lobbies to apply direct
pressure to tire top of the military hierar-
city.

This idea. US did most of tile others ltc
stated. was ntct with criticism. Students
cited the civil rights movement sit-ins and
boycotts as effective protests on a small
scale.

At the end of the one hour discussion,

Osbourne sttid he would allow two

members from (iALA‘s speakers commit-
tee to present their point of view to his
ROTC class "in air academic environment
for an academic purpose." 1 r

 

   

 

TODAY

is the last day to

 

drop a class.
Remember, it’s
hell from here on
itt.

 
    
 

 

 

 

 

J’M/Hnr J70).-

Aprll exams

v ’MCAT'O DAT

 

Outsldtr NV Slate CALL TOLL "illt lilo-12341"

  
  

Call Days Evenings a Waekunds

to“,

 
 

 

 

I - Albany Center yolu’vvi- ‘yltlnrr?
. to n o to e tc'
MP N 163 Delaware Ave. 1.... “WW: I
Educational Center Delmar Egddyhuys u" ‘
rrsr FREPARAIIDN 439-8146 , _,.  _
SPECIALISTS SINCE lBJB I lhc first nturrtug
for Irtturruattun About other Centers In More than it! Mater Us cum a Abroad ‘

03d forbtd. a second ilﬁ‘"ls”.‘“ms

HAVE WE GOTA BOOK
FORYOU.

      
   
    
 

IIY ANNA SEQUOIA
arr. st'nnrrtirn

'I‘IIE COMPL TE GUIDE TO
JEWISH AMERICAN PRINCESSES ~
> AND PRINCES .

Where to be born (trot Charge )lutrn: you
Staten Island) tllltI f
“75'. a-.- Breaking the Q

)' Mtrnuny hirett 0mm. 0“.

littyuru Dari pr

      
 
   
 

errga Iemertt und
keep rig the ring
St“ ' littdt'llfl’v

'lllic _ V7

 

Entpitryrr rit '
APlume
hardcover-
size

paperback

Six and lreittlttttliedt:

everyone? < >
Dieting— cnvtnr anti
carroHtgttcka _

n- tiling;

1 __ $5.95
The JA P-on-the-Run

 

 

.r,; ti'," ,.v-.r r121

 

 

