it

...:.

‘iwolrtamc'usuts

 

 

Israel Fires Two Mayors-

TEL AVIV. Israel (AP) Israel fired. two more Palestinian
nationalist mayors in the meopihd West Bank Thursday
for what the Israeli military called their "repeated at-
tempts to disrupt public order." the government an-
nounced. , ,

The dismissals followed the worst day in a week of
violent demonstrations that have left a total of live Arabs
dead and 21 wounded. Three Arabs were killed by

' Wednesday during protests spurred by last week's
ﬁring of another West Bank mayor who refused to
cooperate with Israeli authorities.

. An Israeli communique accused Nablus Mayor Bassam
Shakaa and Pamallah Mayor Kerim Khalaf of incitement
and acting “according to the instructions" of the
Palestine Liberation Organization- '

The whereabouts of Shakaa and Khalaf were not im-
ntediately known. The two mayors, who were elected in
[smell—sponsored elections in 1976. were picked up early
today for a meeting with the head of Israeli's central
military command. who informed them of their dismissal.

Shakaa and Khalal’ were replaced by Israeli military of-
ficers bttt their municipal councils were not dismissed. the
lsraeli armed forces radio said.

Haig Sends Envoy to Cuba

WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) Secretary 01' State Alex-
ander M. Haig Jr. sent an envoy to llavarta this month
to try to persttade Cuban President Fidel Castro to stop
supporting the guerrillas irt El Salvador. according to
U.S. government soures.

The government officials. asking not to be identified.
late Wednesday corrfirrttcd reports by CBS News and tire
l‘rcnclt newspaper Le Mondc llltll liaig dispatched (icn.
Vernon Walters. an ambassador at large. on the mission.
Le Monde said Walters. a fortrtcr dcpttty director of the
Central Intelligence Agency. met with Castro for four
hours.

Itt another development. the New York Times 'l'huts-
day quoted unidentified officials of tire Reagan ad-
ministration as saying they would approve of “negotia-
tions" between a new Salvadoran government and the
leftists as long as it was made clear that no sharing of
power with the guerrillas would be itttposcd on the
Salvadoran regime.

Inmates Release Hostages

RALEIGH. North Carolina (AP) Tltrce knife-wielding
inmates strrrcndcred to atttltoritics Thursday, releasing
ttnltarnted their last tltrce hostages said.

The inmates turned over four horttcntadc kttivcs and
freed the last of their cigltt captives from tltc tiny roottt
insidc Central Prison where their cigltt captives front the
tiny room inside Central Prison where they had barricad-
ed themselves since Tuesday morning, said Stuart Shad-
bolt. a spokesman for the State Department of Correc-
trons.

The three hostages. which included a chaplain. a guard
and attothcr prison worker. were to be citeckcd at a
prison hospital and rcttnited with their families. Shadbolt
said.

.'I'he inmates will be sent to the Federal correctional In-
stttutc in Pctcrsburg. Vn.. he added.

Guerrillas Ambush Belfast

BELFAST. Ireland (AP) Five IRA guerrillas using an
M-60 machine gun opened fire from ambush Thursday
on a British army patrol. killing three soldiers, wounding
a fourth and hitting two civilians in a crowded Belfast
street. police said.

The Irislt Republican Army said it staged the attack to
disprove British claims “that tile IRA is finished."

The attackers opened fire from the windows of a house
they had taken over.

The soldiers. members of the Royal (irccn Jackets regi-
ntent. were the first full-time servicemen killed this year
in the British-ruled province. torn by sectarian violence
since 196‘).

Indian Point Leaks

BUCHANAN, New York (AP) '1 he Indian Poirtt .1
nuclear plant was rcrrtovcd front service -ztr|y today after
a small amount of radioactivity escaped irtto the at-
mospherc from ortc of tire unit's four steartt generators,
according to information officer .lrtck lir'tttnl'ield.

“A small amount of radioactive release was estimated
at two onc-tltousrtndtlrs of a millircrn. Normal daily
background radiation exposure of an individual living lit
the area is about three-tenths of one tnillire, about 15
times greater.“ hc'taid. “Exposure from a medical X-ruy

Ltameuntlttto about Miler yotmttl‘lrems."

  

 
      
  
 

—— . . . I

Planning Series to Begin

A Life-Planning Series for Graduating Seniors. co-
sponsored by the Student Affairs Division and SUNYA
Alumni Association. will begin soon. To acquire a smart
start on plans and skills for your life after SUNYA.
mark your calendar and attend the following prOgrams:
“Relocating to a New City." Tuesday. March 30th.
“Money Management I" Wednesday. April 14th. l‘Con-
sumer Skills," Tuesday. April 20th and “First. Job
Insights-Skills," Wednesday. April 28th.

All programs are free and begin at 7:30 p.m. in alum-
ni House. Check posters for details.

Canoe Canoe?

    

/’

A Canoe Races and Water Derby Day is being spon-
sored by the Tenartdclto Canoe Association of
Mechanicville. NY. on Sunday March 28 at 12 noon.

A 5300 1st Prize will be awarded for the most people
on a raft crossing the finish line.

A $100 will be awarded for tire rttost original raft.

All cancers. kyakers and rafters are invited to attertd.

For trtorc information, call Carol at 664~6380.

Purple and Gold

Urtivcrsity President Vincent O‘I.ertry artd President
Gerald ii. Dunn of the University Alumni Association
have jointly announced the formation of the Purple and
(,‘told. a scrivc organization dedicated to University and
alumni advancement. The Purple and Gold will be
selected frotrt members of tire classes of 1983 artd 1984
who have dcmottstratcd records of participation.
citirendltip. and academic achievement. Members of the
Purple and Gold will devote an average of 15 hours a
month to service activities of the University and the
Alumni association irt preparation for future leadership
responsibility.

Interested students should secure application
materials for the Purple and Gold at the Alumni Office.
Alttrnni House. or in the Office of the Dean for Strident
Affairs. Adm. 129.

Applications rnttst be submitted by April 7.

SASU Semester

SASU —— the Student Association of the State Univer-
sity —— is now offering internships for summer and fall
semesters in communicatins, legislative affairs. and on-
campus organizing. SASU is the only statewide ad-
vocacy organization dedicated to representing SUNY
students and their interests to the New York State
Legislature. the Governor's office, and the SUNY Cen-
tral administration.

All students at member SASU campuses are eligible to

 

o

 

apply for SASU Foundation internships. Internships re-
quire a 40-hour plus work week. making residency in
Albany for the semester a must. A stipend is provided
for fall semester.

For tnore informtion, contact Internship Director. 41
State Street. Suite 505. Albany. New York 12207. (518)
465-2406. ‘

The New York State Power Authority plant was
scheduled to be removed from service for fottr months
begtrtning next weekend for refueling, inspection.
maintenance and repairs.

China Keeps Quiet

I’ICKING, China (AP) China rctttaincd silent Thursday
on tile Soviet Union's latest and highest-level bid for int-
ptovcd relations.

'1 lie rtcw Soviet attempt to crtd tltc lvloscowl-Pcking
fend was delivered Wednesday by Soviet President
Leonoitl I. lite/ltttcv.

'1 he ('hiucsc foreign ministry ltnd no immediate corn—
ttrcnt wltcrt asked by reporters abottt Ilrc/ltncv’s call for
new talks on tile Sino-Soviet border dispute. A tnittistrv
spokesman said llt'crltttcv’s statement has 1101 yet been.
read.

It was the Soviet Union's third call to renew talks on
its border with China. The last such Ittlks were held itt
June. 1978. lrt two diplomatic notes, the last on Pelt. .i.
the Soviets have proposed to'reopett the talks.

 

“lrlrft .l'ltLlJ' «_ ‘I it

.r » . A . . - . .
' China has not yet'resp‘ondcd tb the last note.
‘ 1t. l'll.ittl 'trtttt;.t

 

CAMpus Bum

Can “You Use a Husted?

A fellowhsip of 51000 is awarded annually to it
graduate student who holds a bachelor's degree from the
University at Albany and has been in residence at the
Universtiy for at least two years as an undergraduate.
The award is made from the Hosted fund. which u...
established in recognition of Dr. Albert N. I'lttsled‘s t'ir.
tieth year on the faculty. The fellowship may be used for
graduate study at this or any other accredited university,

Application forms are available from the Alumni Al'-
fairs Ofﬁce. Alumni House. State University or NC“.
York at Albany. Albany. New York. 12222. and mttst he
returned to the Alumni Ofﬁce before April 1."

For further information. call 7-4631.

Students Need Childcare

Returning Women Students (RWS) will discuss the
creation of childcare facilities at SUNYA's ttplown
campus at their next meeting.

RWS’ schedule of meetings is as follows: April 2, ('(‘
370. April 16. CC 370, and April 30. CC Assembly hull.

Meetings begin at 12 p.m. All members and returning
women students are invited to attend.

You Oughta Be in Pictures

 

 

 

The ninth annual Stttdcttt Film Awards sponsored by
the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. will
accept entries for its competition until April 1.

To be eligible| films must have been completed aftcr
April 1. 1981 in a student —— teacher relationship withtn
the curriculum of an accredited school. Iiiltns of any
length in 16. 35 or 70 MM may be submitted.

Categories include animatiott. documentary. dramatic
and experimental.

Winners will be flown to Los Angelcs for the June 6.
1982 Awards Ceremony at the Academy‘s headquarters
in Beverly Hills. California.

If interested. contact Ms. Rochelle Slovin, executive
director or the Astoria Motion Picture d‘t Television
foundation. 34-31 35th Street. Astoria. NY 11106.

Star Track

If youthink counting stars is as impossible and useless
as counting grains of sand. come hear Professor William
Herbst front the Department of Astronomy. Wesleyan
College.

He’ll be speaking on “What you can learn about the
galaxy by counting stars. especially where there aren't
many." today at 3 p.m. in Ph 129.

Coffee will be served at 2:30 p.m.

 

 

Columbia Flexes its Arm

CAPE CANAVERAL. Florida (AP) Astronaut C. (lor—
don Fullerton exercised the grip of Columbia's 50-foot
robot arm Thursday. grabbing a packttgc of scientific in-
struments front the ship's cargo buy as tltc slttttllc lntrnnt—
cd'along on the fourth day of its week-Along mission.

Ihe proccdttrc was anything but rotttine. Sharp cycs
attd a firm grip on the controls ltad to substitute for
guidance front a failed video monitor.

The ship 'as irt the midst of a prolonged tltcrntttl test
when I’ulletton donned binoculars to complete the first
step Ill tltc “grab and lift" procedure that would tcst tltc
ability of ('anadarnt‘s wire—snare fingers to grip 2t
payload. Later the pilot. working by remote control from
rt post at the rear of Columbia's cockpit. was to lift tliltl
wave the instruments that measure the slntttlc's clcc-
tromztgttetic field.

Fullerton and comtttttndcr .Inck R. Loustntt. “feeling tt
little better" almost half-way tltrouglt their mission lntd
to delay the exercise -—- first scltcdttled for Tuesday.
because of the failure of the camera on the wrist of the
(.‘atntdiun-built mechanical rtrm. ‘ 3 i ' ‘ ' i I I

*ltlll‘tl. ~‘wvl‘lvt I rs. t

.-v . H1.“

 

 

ulr a trim»! - .

Celebration-‘82 Witt Rall'De's'pi-té

 

Ily DEBBIE JUDGE
Technically. it tto longer exists.
btrt ask about “Mayfest” and
you'll stillch the answers to the ins
ntrd outs of SUNYA's annual spr-
ittg cvcttt.

Now officially kttowrt as
“Celebration ‘ll2". lite outdoor
concert and l'ttotlAl‘csl will wind up
llAl’ week on Saturday. May 1.
frotn noon until four p.m. The new-
wtttc band "Stptce/e" will be llte
lead grottp‘. with the opening act be-
ing “Toots artd the Maytztlls".
described by University concert
board (UCIl) President Dun I’orin
as “a prcrrticr Reggae band. UCB
has yet to decide on a third hand.

“it's rtot so rrtttclt the bands."
PoIitt noted. “but tnorc of the at-
mosphct'c."

In regards to atmosphere. l’orin
sttid UCB would “stick to exactly
the satrtc policy" as last y '2".
Tickets will agttin be sold itt ud-
tancc (tlutc of sale to be announced
later) turd tttttst be purchased with a
tax card. l’riccs will again be $4 for
the first tic I bought itt advance.

    

. l}

' ulrotu: Mark Nelson/l
Athletic Director Bob Ford
Baseball produces little revenue

 

 

......».-

 

$6 for the second. and $10 on the
day of tire event.

Approximately 40 private cott-
trnct security guards \\ill be ltircd
for the celebration. ttccortlittg to
Student-Univcrsity Activities Direc-
tor .Iim Docllclcld. Again. ltc said
tltc concert will be enclosed by the
winding sttow tenccs that lttst year
sparked student protest against
“l-‘cnccfcst."

There was an unsuccessful pro-
posal this year. Po/in said. to
reinstate tltc name of Mayl'cst —
"for old time‘s suite. for tradition.
But." he explained tltc administra-
tion‘s refused the proposal because.
“tltat name was reflective of a time
when it (Mayfcst-Cclcbttttion-Thc
Event) was a free-for-all."

Vandalism. cleanup problems.
and an otctuitclnting crowd of
almost 18.000 attcnding Mnyfcst
19th) spurred tltc administration to
rcurguni/c the cvcttt for last year.
Negotiations by former UCll P
dent Dave Montttttaro with the ad-
ministration tcsttltcd itt Muyfest‘s
reincarnation as “Cclcbratin.
1981“. A contest rtttt by UCB 4-"

 

Lack of Funds Eliminate Fall

 

By MARK (.‘I.UCI\‘MAN

Pall baseball will be clitniruttcd at
SUNYA according to Athletic
Director llob Portl.

1-‘ord said the move was rttndc so
ottc l'ull titttc faculty member can be
errtploycd as both Iteud baseball
coach itt tlte spring and assistant
football coach itt the fttll. He said
someone has bectt hired to fill tltc
new position.

Last year. a fttll titttc couch. Rick

:ttALBANYTSTUDENTfPFtESS; Manet-t 26,1982: -. c : ,- 21' 2 r : z .- s .- r

c

 

 

 

’ ‘ ‘ soak 1n the music of (Ielehr

atton ‘81

    

[tlttllllll its

 

The 'fuce the same regulations this year

which l’o/in said drcw I'cw
responses » rcsttltctl itt tbc cuttcnt
tuttttc.

llesidcs Iltc name. Mayfcst took
an altered form on the field as well.
the fences bctng u rrtttior issue. "A
lot of people had the strong itleu."
llCll Vice President Sue I-iscttbctg

s'kccl. ltcudctl both the tall and spt~
mg baseball teams.

lottl said tltc
good sense because lull lntscbnll
produces little tcvcttttc when corn-
pnted with lootbttll. Also. the Na-
tionttl Collegiate Athletic Associa-
tion (NCAA) does not count the
full season itt tltcit’ championship
statistics.

Union and RM have also decided
10 drop their lttll baseball ptout'tutts.

FOI‘LI docs ttot feel tltc L‘lllllllltllllill

dccisiott mukcs

Public Funding Bill for Camp

 

  

__, .____.,.—_._,
State Comptroller lidwurd
Regun's rcccttt withdrawal from the
gubernatorial race dttc to insuffi-
ciettt funds has renewed State
legislator's interest irt pttblic fun-
ding bill for political campaigns.
The ltill would reduce the legal
private contribution limit for corn-
paigns from the cttrrcnt figttre of
$57,000 to $2.5(X) as well as provide
$1,000 itt public matching funds. It
would also litrtit the candidate's
overall spending durittg a catn-
paign. ,
The bill is sponsored by
Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink
(l)-llrooklytt) and Assembly
Richard Gottfried (D-Manhattan).

 

SA Election Booth 
new restrictions help correct past wrongs

It is the hope of its supporters. in-
eluding NYPIRG attd Cottttttort
Cause. that tile Republican
dominated Senate will favor tlte bill
tltisyettr because the front running
Republican candidate. Comptroller
Regatt. forced to withdraw dttc to
his ittability to compete tttonctarily
with his opponent Icw i.chrtnnn.

The Democratieally controlled
State Assembly has passed tltc bill
for tile past three y 'nrs. llowcvct'.
stiff opposition in tile Senate has
prcvcnted it frorn becoming law.

“The Republican dominated
Sttttc Senate should hair the cries
front wltal was the front runttirtg
Republican candidate and act this
year to pttt an end to the

dependence on csccssive monicd in-
tcr'csts itt our statewide
catnpaigns.‘ said executive Direc-
tor of Common Cause .littt I)ia-

tnottd

According to ttidc to
Assemblyman (iottl'ticd, |)ctck
iicrlagc. gubernatorial candidate
Lew Leltrman. who is independent»
1y wealthy. is against public financ—
ittg and would like to remote tltc
lcgul contribution litrtits.

“I don‘t tltirrk that‘s healthy.”
said llcrlugc. “I'm concerned
because having tnorc wealth gives

' you an advantage itt our present
system."

“lie (Gottfried) feels it is tltc
most important (iovcrnntental
rcfortn issue currently before the

SA Elec

cnt tltc problcrtts SA has
incurred itt its past elections. ('cn—
tral Council unanimously approved
a revised election regulation act
Wednesday night.

The Act. which would help SA
elections to rttn tnorc cfficictttly. in-
clude a policy for extensive pre-
elcction publicin at least one week
irt advance to insure students are
aware of the elections.

The rcvisiotts were nutdc as a
result of a mandate issued by SA
Supreme Court last full as a result
of a Court Decision invalidating last

 

 

 

piltritt: llPii

fall's SA elections.
Last fall. the elections were cott-
tcs‘ted because of insufficient adver-

suid. "lltcy saw tlte I’cnce us this
big “at” of bricks twenty feet high
that they couldn't see over." Ac»
lllilll)‘. site said. tltc enclosure had
little effect on the ttlllltlspllt‘lc.
Commenting on tltc failure to
rc\i\c the name of “Muyl'cst”.
l-iscnbctg said llCll “dtdn‘t really

o1 lull bnscbatll will affect the tcttnr's
pctlortnuucc irr tltc sprittg. He
pointed out that Ithaca College was
national champion two years ago
and had no full program.

llttt. baseball tcttm member Mike
(ittt'lmttn said Albany will be pttt at
a disadvantage without the addi-
tional practice tittte fall baseball
ptmitles. tittt'tnttut also feels the
lung layoff between spring seasons
“in dttll the playcts‘ skills and
hamper tltc tcunt's performance.

l'cc it was that big 1111 issue."
especially considering that Iltc event
had come close to being eliminated
altogether.

"We don't \\ttIlI to nutk' a big
thing about it 7— it doesn't make

scltsc.“ shc \tlltl.

Baseball

Ihtcc-ycat team member l'runcis
Rivera tltittks dropping lltc full pro-
gtuur is it "bad move ‘ lle tclt that
SllNYAC ('ottl'ercncc tcttms such
its (ottlttrrd and ()ttcotttn. which
have lull baseball. will have an ad-
\untttgc since they will play more
games.

Rim-tn also believed SUNYA
coaches will have tt tougher tirrtc
choosing team members since they
must L‘Hlltllllc a player based on it
season‘s performance.

 

shot Icr

aigns Reintro duced

legislature.“ said lletlttgc.

“In tltc past we usctl to throw our
huts irtto tltc ring. now we throw itt
the silver spoon." he added

“It will pass tltc Asscmbly.“.
sttitl Aide to Assctttbly ‘ .lcromc
Kocnig. “It has passed for the past
three years. l'tn not too optomistic
about tltc Senate

The bill hasn't bent voted on by
tile ctrtitc Senate for the past three
years because it has been stifled irt
cotntttittcc.

"Senate Majority Leader Warren
Anderspn says he‘s for it. bttt he
won‘t do anything about it.“ said
Kucnig. “We're ready to negotiate
with the Senate to come up with it

tions Are

Iising artd tltc inttvuilttbility of some
tax curds

Other changes itt tlte [Election
Regulation Act concerns the duties
of the election commissioner. The
clcction commissioner is now
"responsible for knowing the elec-
tion laws.“ Previously. she/he only
had to “be familiar with tltc clcc-
tiort laws“.

Uttdcr the same scctiort. the lilec—
tiott Cottttttissiort is now responsible
for hiring seven ttssistttttt Ctllllllllii—
slottch according to SA nort-
discriminatory policy.

Central Council also approved
changing the title of “Election
Commission" to “Election (.‘orn-
tnissiotter."

Sub-chair of Internal Affairs.

 

~1llllll’tr

 

‘I'NIIIF.
Jim l)|am d_ofj.f_o_tpmon Cause V
"and ave

. ve Ina/tied interests
R . d

litic Stutth hopes this new policy
will last for several years. Internal
Affairs begun IL‘\ ising the Act at tltc
beginning of this semester. “We
really didn‘t believe we needed to.“

  

 

 

 

said Sautcr -

It is now necessary to bring sltt-
dettr 1.1). or meal card and tax cards
to vote. Also. at designated voting
ttretts tltcre will be at least two rendi-
ly visible signs indicating the votittg
,arcas. _

Central Cottttcil also altered the
process of election appeal process.
Now. "all appeals to the SA
Supreme-Court tttttst be initiated
one week after the election results
or the Election Contrnissioners'
decision. There wasn’t a limit of ap-
peals previously

 

 

