  
   

et-

"90"

 

..‘..v.,....~. wnmvhftwjv—. ,,..., u. ,. I



“Don’t push me cause l'm close to the edge- i’m trying not to lose
my head. . .You know it's like a jungle, sometimes it makes me
wonder how i keep from going under.
and the Furious Five-“The Message"

 

ttcally over, the cold slap of confrontation will once again hit
many of us. As we reflect over the past year, and analyze
what has happened to our lives, we may agonize or rejoice at the
events that have shaped our days. There have been a many
I tragedies, we lost great heroes and world leaders, Anwar Sadat,
John Belushi, Art Pepper, James Honeyman-Scott. and more
recently. Brezhnev, Marty Feldman. There has been birth in hope
of the future; Prince William. of course. it seems the tragedies
might haVe outweighed the rejoicing a bit, the fiasco in the
Falklands, the consistent crisis in the Mid-East, the sky-high
economy, the tylenol terror, draft registration, the ever-present
apocalyse. and the tragedy of both Ronald and Nancy Reagan
have marred the more pleasant events that have taken place over
the year (which at this time seem overwhelmingly difficult to list,
much less provide some sembalence of balance).
The list of absurdities is an interesting one, in that category, the

going to St. Elizabeth's coming in a close second. Then there was
the Haig/Schultz charmer. And l'm still not sure which is more ab.
surd yet; Jack Henry Abbott being in jail or out.

Pushing aside world events for a moment, personal tragedies
and absurdities always seem to put a dent in things, for some
reason. These events seem to effect us just as much, if not more
so, than these world-wide happenings that often seem far away.
Our own personal pain. the disparities of living, the total absence of
any objective truths affect us every day, in everything that we do.
While these separate pains effect us all differently, there is still an
undercurrent of alienation that binds these feelings together. In this
ultra-modern, technological era we are emmersed in, we have
forgotten how to be vulnerable, how to grab somebody's hand,
how to share. With all the bullshit happening every day, if we try a

 

 

   

little bit, we just might be able to find a new friend, or realize we tru-
ly can trust someone. or even fall in love. it can happen, idealism
doesn't have to be replaced by computerized robots.

There have been some memorable events to occur this year, in
this final issue of Aspects . we offer you different articles to look at.
from Hubert’s political perspective to Craig’s in-depth musical
message. There has been incredible artistic advances in the past
year- they can’t be overlooked. Rodin's sculpture Gates of Hell is at
the Met now, don't miss it. The next edition of the Kandinsky
retrospective should be at the Guggenheim soon, that is a must.
Jazz bassist Eberhard Weber‘s album Later That Evening is
breathtaking, as is guitarists Abercrombie and Towner's Five Years
Later. Some books that i feel are worthwhile mentioning: “Edie”
by Jean Stein with George Plimpton. and “The Last Sitting” by
Bert Stern.

So, i guess this is it. i would like to sincerely thank the entire
Aspects staff for all their help and support. especially Megan.
Robert, and Damian. You’ve been wonderful. Happy Holidays
everyone, may they be filled with love and joy.

Debbie Millman

§

. "Grandmaster Flash '

I t’sIbeen quite a year. 1982 has come and now, as it is prac-

Sun Myung Moon marriages have to take first place, with Hinckley ‘

 

v. . Mu

, . ,_. “I...” m, «yuan-r4"

"InSI e. .' 

53: Film MGT analyzes the best
of ﬂicks, the worst of ﬂicks

 
 

6a: Video Oaky confesses a lost
love— his video date

gone commercial. . .

733 Feminism, Sisters unite—
Thunders calender
of the years most
significant events

83‘93:  Marks,
VanDenburgh and
Schneider ; Three

intimate looks

I Oa— 1 1a: Sports Haspel and
Schwarz describe
the agony and
defeat of the
past seasons

1 2a 1 3a: Politics O'Brien, and

Mr. H.-K.D.
match wits on
the potential
instruments
of influence

1 53: Ideas A classic from Quinn

Carroll’s personal best,
and all that jazz

Cover by Megan Gray Taylor

Word On A  it

Time it was, and what a time
a time of innocence,

.oo

a time of conficlences.
Long ago it must be,
I have a photograph.
Preserve your memories,
they’re all that’s left to you.

Simon Sc Garfunkek

"iii;

 

 

 

eighty-two in review ,

Aspect's Choice of 10 Best Film-

1) Das Boot - a German film about the

bllgy hell of life on a German U-Boat.
Without a doubt. the finest film of the year.
2) Personal Best - Olympians who fall in
love. grow, compete with each other and
part friends. Beautifully done.

3) ET - Everyone's favorite extraterrestrial.
Nothing like It since The Wizard 0/ Oz.

4) My Favorite Year - This very funny.
character filled movie could be the sleeper of
the year.

5) An Oﬂicer and A Gentleman - A
story of a young man's coming to terms with
his past and his present with a great old
fashioned love story thrown In,

6) Shoot the Moon - Best movie about
the American family in years. Great script
and great performances.

7) Questfor Fire - Somewhere between a
suspense thriller and a science lecture. Uni-
que in every way.

8) My Dinner With Andre - An intense
intellectual experience not to be missed.

9 & 10) The last 2 places on my list
are open. Contenders for these
spots include: Ghandi. Sophie's
Choice, The Verdict and Dark

Best Foreign Films

Yoi - 1982 Cannes film festival winner.
(Turkish)

Diva - Wonderfully entertaining romp.
(French)

Gregory's Girl - Beautiful story of coming
of age. (Scotlsh)

Christina F- Amazing film of degeneration
of youth thru the eyes of a teenage girl. (Ger-
man)

Three Brothers - Movineg told story of
youth vs. age within a family, (ltnlian)

In summing up the year in film. there are
always those few films that really qualify for
the top (or the bottom). But along the way
there has been some really good entertain-
ment. and I'd like to mention five of my
favorites.

The Chosen - a touching story of two boys
finding their way and their roots.

The Tempest - whimsical, loose adaptation
of Shakespeare‘s classic.

Author, Author - [actually liked Al Pacino in
this film!

The Road Warrior - Violent. but really well
done film from Australia.

Victor/Victoria ~ Really great entertainment.
with Julie Andrews at her very best.

 

 
   
 
       

 

Film: Fanfare For The Screen

        
   
  

  

Gila g

Megan

   
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

1982 has been plagued by gruesome her
for movies, slapstick comedies that would
embarrass the Three Stooges. Broadway
plays that lost something In the translation.
and sequels, sequels and more sequels. Out
of these "Burnt Offerings” there have been
some decent moments. and then there are
those that should truly be forgottenl Among
the most offense are comedies like: Jekyl &
Hyde Together Again. It Came From
Hollywood and Young Doctors In Loue. if
these are supposed to be funny...l missed It.

Then there was Broadway. Some of
Broadway's biggest splash hits made it to the
screen this year only to make very little rip-
pies. Among this group are: Annie and Best
Little Whomhousc in Texas tuven Dolly 81
Burt couldn't save lltlh one). 'i he exception
here was Duuthtrap a gripping play that
translated well to the screen with Christopher
Reeves. Michael Cain and Diane Cannon
giving good performances.

Then there were the horor films. such
wonders as The Sunder and Crcupshoui top
the list Not only must there be it shortage of
ketchup out west. there seems to be a
definite shortage of taste (as It! good).

Finally thune were the sequels. god, where
there sequels! Star Trek II. Rocky lit (by far
the best of the group). Airplane ll. lfallo~
ween lll. Annlyurllc ll. Friday the 13th. Part
II. and Death Wish It. Grease If. You'd think
they could come up with a new idea, we can
only hope that Spock will stay dead. and
Rocky's grandson will be the next Champion.
What ever happened to "Here's lookin at
you kid"? '

 

Aspect's Ten Worst Films

I] a film made this list it out ran some pretty
l strong competition - Be Warned!

1) Porky's - Without a doubt the most
disgusting. offensive film ever made. It truly
earned the number 1 spot.

2) Conan the Barbarian - Do I really
have to explain this?

3) Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid -
Steve, give us a break!

4) Jekyl & Hyde Together Again - This
serves as a representative of this group of not
funny comedy films.

5) Making Love - What a FAKE!

6) Lady Chatterley's Lover - The worst
adaptation of a classic I have ever seen.

7) Parasite - A 3-D worm?

8) First Blood - Sylvester Stallone, still sw-
inging just missing his trunks and gloves. i
9) Jinxed - Bette. really, you should have
at least sang us a song. what a bore. .
10) The Sender - and the others of its,

 

 

