 

 

 

 

   

 

 _.LettiteraW_

x

 

WEEKENDs,“

v
r
t

 

 

 

Goinm r

 

 

i

.3”.

.- _. mus...-

, saw-MW: \5'.o-.

 

r

v raw-v, .n. .

An Old Irony

The Magic Years

 

Lauren DeSole

 

Entrance into college at_ the
undergraduate level is a very exciting time
for women. The freedom from the ritualiz';
ed high school atmosphere and the escape
from the rigid discipline and control are a
welcome change. At this time, society
begins to treat women differently. They are
thought of as young adults entering the
most attractive promising years of their
lives, the “magic years" in society's eyes.

Unfortunately this fashionable time
fosters dangerous illusions for the majority
of undergraduate women. it gives them a
false sense of security and hope. The
tenuous privilcdges they receive founded on
their youth and physical appearance, com-
pounded by the myth that women have
come a long way in their struggle for equali-
ty, undermines their ability to feel any

have been asking myself during the three
years I have been in. college is: Why are
undergraduate women so uninterested in
the Women's Movement? The most

 reasonable answer to their apathy seems to

be ihat Feminism does not deal with the
issues that Concern these women. But, after
much thought, conversation with other
students and observation 1 can not accept
this response without illustrating some
serious defects.

Undergraduate school is a wonderful
part of one's life and youth should be en-
joyed, but to rely on the advantages that
society attaches to this passing period,
without preparing for future life ex-
periences, is dangerous. Not only does one
rely on a false sense ofsecurity, but also one
dismisses the chance to share common ex-

“Feminism is a personal awareness that
provides a common goal for all
women. . .”

 

pressing need to concern themselves with
women's issues.

A woman in her late teens and twenties
usually has not worked in an occupation
that she would think of as long term. Few
women at this age have lived with a man or
been married for an extended period of
time. This lack of exposure to the world of
work. or experience with a serious. extend-
ed and perhaps dependent committment
shelters them from early disappointments
and nourishes their hopes for the future and
their sense of invincibility.

My motive in pointing this out is not to
instill fear and discouragement into young
women, quite the contrary. As an
undergraduate woman, l feel that a strong
sense of self and ambition are essential for

advancement in our society. A question I .

 

Hurray For SA

 

To the Editor:

No, l did not write the letter that ap«
poured in the (Tuesday. March 30) ASP
but, i wpuld like to respond and clarify a’
number of points. ’
>“The Big Five" were beneficiaries of

pcricnces with other women and develop a
support group that can provide a source of
strength and pOWer. This is something that
the Women's Movement does for all
women and is very beneficial for
undergraduates.

Feminism involves a number of concerns
(birth control rights. abortion, friendships,
and relationships), aswell as the ﬁght for
numerous political issues. Feminism is a
personal awareness that provides a common
foundation of support for all women and is
especially helpful if developed during our
more "socially acceptable" years.

My hope is that all women will think
more about the advantages they can oi tain
through the Women's Movement as well as
the contributions they can make and the ef-
fect it will have on their entire Iivcs.‘

the raise prior to becoming the "Big Five."
They had.little or nothing to do with it. it
was instituted by last year’s Central Coun-
cil.

>Mr. Pologe does spend more than 30
hours a week in his ofﬁce. For more than

the last 4 years Student Association has'

been atempting to solve the problem of stu-
dent apathy; if anyone has a fool proof
solution, l'm sure Mr. Pologe will spend 30

 

 

hours next week listening to and acting on
the suggestion.
>l took personal offense to the statement
regarding Central Council representatives.
As an ex-Central C0uncil representative. i
believe i represented my Quad and the in-
terest of its residents. if a representative is
not representing those s/hc was elected by.
maybe someone should use available means
to correct the situation or have that person
removed. Quad Boards are to serve the
"social" functions of its residents. As an
ex-Presidcnt. i do not believe that Quad
Board could appoint "representatives" of
its residents. There are more than 5000 off—
campus students. Who should appoint their
representatives}, Of the more than 90
groups, what makes Quad Board more
capable of appointing representatives than
the others? isn’t it more feasible to allow
students to elect their representatives?
>As for Mr. Grass, Director of Student
Programming, he has been available to
assist all groups; they must go to him if
there is a problem, he does not have ESP.
As for his speciﬁc duties, 1 suggest that
rG.E. (who is not listed in the directory)
utilize the SA Resource Room and ﬁnd the
original bill which created the position. As a
new position, Mr. Cross is still responsible
for designing his goals. He has; however,
organized social hours, events for
Homecoming, World Week, Activity Day
and is in the process of expanding Hap Day
into Hap Week. He also assisted numerous
groups in writing and justifying their
budget proposals.

1 would like to emphasize that i do not
believe that SA or its representatives are
perfect (we've had our differences). i do
believe that if a person thinks s/he can do
better: s/he should be involved and doing
it. With the upcoming election, may i sug.
gest that those students (and all others) run
or support the candidates they feel are
capable of representing their interest.

' — April A. Gray

Apathy State

To the Editor:

How many students attended the last
L ' ‘L “ game? How many know how we
ﬁnished in the SUNYAC's'I How many
even know what a SUNYAC is? Not very
many from what We seen — and basketball
is one of our biggest sports?

But we‘re good with computers! Good;
we’ll need a computer to ﬁgure out how
many of us never join a club, vote in an
election, or go to a sports event. l’m sorry
to say it, but during my four years at
Albany State l have watched student life go
from bad to worse.

 

 

 

You were four years

HELL— ,
Mr. l’resldul'? ‘ >

Mr. President, during Company: 96) a
You asked “\L America. peoptu
ﬁn you better off todmr‘thqn

ago-7w.

  
 
  

Have you ever talked about college life
with someone from another school? I have,
and i have yet to figure out why Albany
can’t be like that. College life can be more
than afternoons in front of the TV, nights
in the library, weekends in the bars, and
vacations in Florida. We don't have to
match our personalities to our surroun-
dings: that abundant. beautiful, stimulating
white cement.

Albany could be a good place to live. i
haven‘t found anything in any university
brochure that says it can't. imagine if all
l2,000 of us undergrads joined one or two
clubs, voted in two or three elections, went
to three or four sports events, and made
four or five more friends! Well. until then
l’m going to make some money off of our
situation by selling “Apathy State"
T-shirts.

- Corey Bandes

Racism Rebuttal

 

To the Editor:

The article entitled “Groups Cite Pro-
cedures Racist” (Tuesday, March 30) seem-
ed to be one-sided and did not quite ac-
curately reflect the situation. The cries of
racism on the part of Speakers Forum and
Central Finance Committee are withotrl
solid basis and these groups have worked
unselfishiy to promote minority awareness
and equality on this campus. Speakers
Forum has been l00 percent in favor of
Michael Manley appearing on campus and
has given much time to helping Mr. Bon-
nick. As a result of Third World students
bringing Mr. Manley to university atten-
tion, every effort is currently being made by
Central Finance Committee and Speakers
Forum to work out the problems related to
the show. such as fitting another speaker in
an already heavy program schedule. These
groups were also. active in helping to create
February’s University-wide World Week
providing great sums of money and

.unlimited programming help. We are

chagrined that Speakers Forum members in
the ‘ of alleviating racism on cam-
pus are accused of racism themselves.
More of the allegations involve small
group funding policy which we admit is
somewhat arbitrary. Procedures are
presently being reviewed (decision-making
and funding limits) with the Budge Com-
mittee to make the funding line work better
for all. Money is still available for small
group speakers. Who is the source of the ar-
ticle's quote that “the small group fund was
empty?” Everyone has the right to see the
records and they are available. Concerning
the Oil Noble’s event. the original $500
maximum appropriation was granted im»
mediately to ASUBA as Speakers Forum
sought to cooperate. This did not meet with
ASUBA's favor. in an effort to find ap-
proval Speakers Forum took another vote,
made an exception, and decided to fund the
whole show. We are disappointed that a
communication brct-kdown prevented the
show from happening. Furthermore, while
on the subject of ASUBA, Charles King
was not an ASUBA ,spcaker. He was
Speakers Forum World Week speaker; fun-

       

 

 

 

 

 

 

xtr; "“‘~: -u ',.....

  

ding from ASUBA was not offered yet their
requested involvement was welcomed and
encouraged. Rescheduling the event that
was originally planned for World Week at at
date other than during that week scented ' w'
untimely. .

Addressing other Third World studcrrts'
demands, they ask that they not have to go
through Speakers [forum in the future for , I

a... 3‘
"s

t...

 

rnoncy. l’rrst experience has shown that it is
in tire licst interest of the students and the
university to have all lecture contracts illlti
t'rrrrtiirrlt work through one central hotly.
liris lurrly rrtlcnrprs to treat rrll groups
equally zrrrtl with prtri‘cssinrrnlisrrr. As 0i
'l‘ucstlrty tlcrrrzrrttls seem to he the norm hill
rather than issue rrrrrrtlrcr demand, Speaker's ~- It; ""
Forum would likcto offer rt cltrtllcngc to rrll "" ‘ ' , . . ‘
Third World stutlcnts. Why not become  - “ I
members of Speakers lr‘orrrtn'l Representa-
“ tlon irrts always been open for all SUNYA
- . .  ‘/u‘_‘-.tv,r‘.’-i,s,,r‘. . - = -- -

 

x» 1.“...3 as..- ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

t i . .

 

 

 

.----... a... “g; -- » ~ ~ . . . . ........ ‘
...........-...... ._  . . I
a... .~......-.----..-...... . . ... . . ....-.- ....... «.4 .
\

   

 

