 

 

 

    

DECEMBER 3, I982

 

 

Danes crush Plattsburgh

Divisiontitle defense commences P g

with 87-67 win over the Cardinals

 

By Marc Haspel

.kl’UR IS I I’ll?!"

Plrl/Isbt/rglt. N. Y.
The Albany State Great Danes sent a
clear message to their SUNYAC rivals
across lite state Wednesday evening.
Albany opened its 1982-3 SUNYAC season
with an X7-h7 drubbing of the l’iattsbttrgh
Cardinals attd signaled to tire rest of the
leagtte that they are ready to defend their
[Eastern Iii\ision title of a year ago.

“it‘s always a tough game up here." said
Albany State head basketball coach Dick
Sauers. "it's a good way to start the cott-
l'crence play."

l’laltsburgh h'ad coach NorIII law was
visibly upset after the loss.

“i thought “I: played a lousy gamc.
Albany played very good and tnade us play
a lousy game." said l’latlsburgh head
coach lass. ills( atdittals ocrc l-Z etItcrItIg
the tonl'crence opener.

Albany had to contend with .I decided
ltciy‘tl advantage in tttiot ol the cardinals.
lhrt .Il'tcr a slttt'g sh opemng two minutes
IlIutI g ulnch l’l.I Isliurglt IuIIIpcIl out to .I
o L lead. the liar-cs began to lmttle tough
it .I and lllllitl the boards.

 

I was sIoIIIt-II when I stlw their height.
l‘l" ullctt uc st.t 'I'tl playing l unstr't “Ill'
Iiet' arIyrIIore." stud senior coxaptain
.\ltkt (iatto, who had .I scttson high l‘)
point. in the contest.

\k'lson l'homas put the Danes ahead Hts
ear' In the first hall with .I linc ellott oil
the olt'cusi\c boattls Albany tIeIei relin-
on. ted that leat painting to .t sctcn point
margin by halttmic.

The Danes were forced to play most that
opening halt without the services ol cettter
Joint Dicckclrnan. 'l'hc 6'5" senior had to
leave the game alter two early tools.

“it was a team clt'ort. i didn't play sotnc
ten minutes in the first hall" and we widened
the lead while i was out." said Dicckelman.
who 21 points in the contest put his total

collegiate career points (including those
scored in a Colgate uniform) past the two
mark.

Albany charged out in the second half.
Thomas drove to tire hoop at the l3:l6
mark for two of his season high l6 points to
cap an ill-ll Albany seorittg binge giving
84-37 lead.

l’lay becarrtc a bit rough as tlte Dane‘s
continued to frustrate the Cardinals. Dane
poirtl guard l)tIn ('rottticr engaged in some
physical play with Carditral Mark Sausvilic.
llead cottclr l.th protested Ilte play attd was
assessed a technical foul at 4:02. Cratto was
selected to shoot the free throws and he
sank three of four shots from the charity
litre.

"They were very physical." sttid reserve
center Greg llarl. who chipped in with six
points III the game. “They‘re going to be
tough when we go back home (Albany
plays l‘lattsburgh at Uni\crsity (iytn in
l-ebtttatyl hccatrse they‘re going to want
Ln

lint \\‘ednesday it was the Danes who
really wanted it. i-.\en .Ilter the \ittory had
seemed secure. [\lbauy kept or" plugging.
\\'ith Inst 1} seconds remaining in the
value. I Itkc .laruison scored on a break to
giIc the Danes tlte twenty point win. tlteir
Lugest lead ot the game. in fact. eIer
player scored tor Albany.

Sattcts “as quick to credit substitute Rick
llay for his true play during the game. llay
added II~- points to the Dane cause.

“l \\. ,al pleased with otIr scoring out»
pttt torugltt." Sauers said. lior the Danes.
scoring hasn‘t seemed to be a probletn at all
so fat in this young season. Albany is
averaging 7‘) points per game.

That average was given a tremendous
boast in Albany's 93-78 victory over the
Kings College Monarchs the Tuesday even-
ing before Thanksgiving. Dicckcltnan lead
the Danes in the contest with l7 points,
while Thomas added I] and .Ian Zadoorian

‘wv 

 

 

in SUNYAC opener

— ....

l

 

 

.—
DAVE ASHER UPS

Dane senior lorward Mike Gallo scored a season hlgh 19 points in Albany's

victory over Plattsburgh.
contributed [2. For Ztttloorian it was his
hights ortlpul as It (ircat Dane.

"l'rn very happy." the sophoruore guard
said after that game. “l‘m playing with a
lot tnorc confidence."

Apparently the cIIlirc learn is playing that
way. “i cart tell righrnowthat we‘re playing
with five times the confidence we had last
year." added Gallo.

The Duties travel to llhaca tomorrow to
take part in the llhaca invitational which
includes host ltltaca College, Middlebury
and Eastern Connecticut. Albany plays
Middlebtrry in the first round tomorrow at
1 pm. to open the tourrtament.

All Great Dane action can be heard on 9i
FM tomorrow beginning at 12:45 witlt Phil
Pivnick and Howard Strudler. l '1

Women cagers down Skidmore College 66-53

 

By lllse Levine
Sf/III- WRITER

 

The Albany State women's basketball
team increased its record to 2-1 last
Wednesday by beating Skidmore College
66-53. The relatively inexperienced Dane
team played “sloppily,” according to
Albany State head coach Mari Warner.

"We had some problems handling the
ball," Warner added. noting the eleven tur-
hovers in the first half.

Rebounding was also a persistent pro~
blem for the Danes. “There seemed to be a
lid on the basket in the second half. which
caused us to lose confidence." she said.

The Danes were hesisrant to shoot btrt
managed to hold onto a wide lead over
Skidmore throughout the game.

The Danes received balanced scoring
from several shooters. Diane Fernandcs.
Robin Gibson. Rhea Edwards. Peg Squal-
lo and Rainy Lesanc each had six points in
the game. Tile latter pair shot a perfect
three-fonthrec.

Ronnie l‘atterson lead the team in re-
bounding with twelve grabs. Lesane had
nine, and (irasso had seven,

Warner said that (ittrsso. l’ernandes,

 

 

 

 

Lesane and Jean Pollock, all of whom are
new. hasc been a III-Irit-ndo-Is help to the
team. "You're only as good as your
bunch." I

ALAN CALEM UPS

Wednesday's victory over Skidmore College increased the lnaxperlenced

women cagera’ record to 2-1.

The Danes won their first game of the
season with a big upset victory over RPl
79-59 on November 23. Warner was very
happy with her team's impressic perfor-
mance. "We played a fantastic ﬂawless
game."

The Danes had only eleven turnovers for
the whole game. while strong rebounding
by freshmen Fernanch and Pollack helped
them to victory. Team captain Gibson
scored her one-thousandth point and Nancy
Wirtdcrlich made some good rebounds and
scored many crucial baskets.

Although Warner felt RPl didn’t play tip
to their potential. she believed the Duties
pressed hard and played a solid game.
soundly beating the Engineers by the
twenty-point margin.

Tomorrow, the Danes take on Castleton
at 6:30 pm in University Gym. The learn
lost to Castleton last year in a close nratclt.

Warner expects it to be a game similar to
the Skidmore match “We‘ll concentrate on
passing. man-to-man plays and reboun-

d i n g . ' ‘

l-‘or lite rest of the year. Warner is look-
ittg forward to a winning season. ller
strategy will be to try to make her players
“play their owrt game not play the other
team's game" and to make lhcltl more pa-
ttertt. l l

 

Baum/J4.- m... . .v. “.4 F  < r -

VOLUME. LXIX

l.

College women
face cIaSsroom l
discrimination, 
study reveals ‘
l
l
|

W By llnn Nissan

 

 

Albany's women students experience a
"chilly climate" itr college classrooms.
agrees co-chair of tile Feminist Alliance.
tiIIil l-‘riedberg. responding to the findings
of a nation-wide study released by the
Association of American Colleges.

the study. which is entitled The
t 'Imsmom CliInule: A (‘Ili/Iy One for i
ll'otI/t'IIPexplains how women are treated '
unfairly in classroom situations whether i
they are aware of it or not. 1

Roberta ilttll. Assistant Director of |
Special Programs and Coordinator of the 
study, describes it as. “a contpilaliotr of
tcscat‘ch from a number of sources based
on surveys frorn a number of universities."

the study p behaviors
which either overlook or single ottt women
because of sex may leave women feeling I
the' are not Irp to par with men. Women
may become less confident titan their male
classmates about their academic ability.
their place in the college community, and
their potential for career success."

Friedbcrg feels that chauvanislic attitudes
are “definitely a problem on this campus."
Citing a specific example. she noted that
"in an introduction to sociology class. the
professor is constantly making sexist
remarks that offend women in the class."

Friedbcrg said that she and other women
have been told to avoid taking certain
classes because professors “who are other-
wise excellent" have proven to be offensive
to women in previous semesters. Friedberg
also pointed out that women students have
been 'discouraged frorn a major because of
a professor‘s attitude toward the female
students."

According to the study. a "chilly
climate" can be manifested in many other
ways. For example. faculty may not be as
likely to call directly on women as on men
during class discussion. or may interrupt
women more frequently or allow them to be
disproportionately interrupted by others in
the class. Teachers may often ask questions
followed by eye contact with men students
as if only men were expected to respond.
and some teachers still use sexist humor to
“spruce up a dull subject" or make
disparaging comments about women as a
group. the study found.

Also. Hall pointedout that the faculty
may not give the women informal feedback
on their work, and that the problcrrt was
not unique to men and that "women pro-
fessors are also to blame."

Martha Fitch, chair of the Committee on
Affirmative Action's Women's Concerns.
stressed that it is important to investigate
the cxtertt to which the “chilly climate" oc-
curs at Albany State and to see if we “are in
line with the national trend."

Fitch said that Women's Concerns was
considering doing a survey on campus. or a
panel discussion using both students and
faculty. She said that neither option was
definite at the present time. and that any ac-
tion taken would generally attempt to
publicize the issue to faculty. students. ad-
ministration. and the community.

Hall suggested the “administrators
should make a policy statement to the effect
that this type of behavior is unacceptable."
She continued that “a grievance procedure

'should be established so that women mug

 

speak up."

.... _-...s. «an: .x......n . ....  

ALBA
STUD NYT
PRESS

.‘mrtr- ()twmtml 8.- ! limit-II
()pI-raltou Mullen-t

 

DAN BICKER NEW PALTZ ORACLE

Unlverslty Counsel Sanford H. Levine and Trustee-Darwin R. Wales
SUNY musr ﬁnd creulive ways to overcome ﬁnancial ills.

Tight budget forces SUNY to
limit allocation of state funds

Last par! of a two-part series.

 

By Michael P. Danahy
sm 1r: FRI-SSS sen vii-t:

With New York State’s financial health
in question. state budgeters have increased
their control over the State University of
New York. Financial support for SUNY
has decreased. so State University expenses
are monitored more strictly. SUNY must
serve more students with fewer faculty and
staff. so planning is more closely observed.

While the State University takes pride in
the autonomy it has allowed its 64 cam-
puses. the need to plan for budget shortfalls
and to correct funding imbalances between
campuses has forch increased central ad-
ministration involvement. SUNY Central
administration now reviews campus plans
arid finances with a sharper cyc than ever
before. SUNY has even become involved in
redistributing money allocated to campuses
by the legislature.

SUNY officials agree that its involvement
in campus planning will increase. The
state's financial situation will. they say. get
worse before it gets better.

This bleak outlook has forced the heads
of SUNY to reevaluate tltc State University
system. Tire end result has not always been
optimism.

State University administrators do not
fully agree on the state of SUNY. but their
comments are consistent on what SUNY
must do. what the actions will mean, and
why SUNY is in its present state: SUNY
must, they feel, redefine its goal of “ex-
cellence” and find creative ways to solve its
problems — new money will not be
available to cure present and future ills;
these actions. they concur will mean fcwcr
academic programs offered on each cam-
pus. Finally , they contend, SUNY's

 

“underfunding” is due to public attitude
toward tax-supported services and the
state’s anemic economy.

After all the budget battling. realloca—
tions and planning sessions. the bottom line
is this: more control of SUNY by the state.
and more control of campuses by SUNY.

Where we are

"The things that have come to be govern-
ment services provided to the people at a
reduced cost cannot command a sufficient
degree of public support as it once did."
stated Executive Vice Chancellor Donald
D. O'Dowd.

This is due, O'Dowd said. to a feeling
that “for a long time these services have
just not been delivering." SUNY is, he said,
one victim of this "disillusioruuent."

O'Dowd said he is amazed by the money
invested in the State University before the
'705. He does predict higher education
receiving less money while admitting that it
is already “underfunded.”

If the state's economy improved. more
tax would be collected by the state.
O;Dowd noted. This might mean more
money for SUNY. he said, but he does not
see this happening soon.

For now. Gov. Hugh Carey predicts a
$3“ million state deficit for the 19824983
fiscal-year and SUNY Central ad-
ministrators expect its share of funding
from the state to continue decreasing.

To prevent this deficit. Carey and the
Division ‘ of the Budget are strictly
regulating SUNY's spending. Controls in-
elude a hiring freeze and impoundment of
$17 million of SUNY funds. To correct
“imbalances” in funding between catn-
puses. SUNY has redistributed money

TD

 

Tuesday '

December 7, 1982

     

NUMBER 41

Council reps -
debate roll-call
ballots after
illegal voting

By Heldl Gmlln
s m rr warren

Central Council chair Jeff Fromm said
yesterday he favors open meetings and roll
:all votes in the future rather titan the
‘loscd secret ballot vote like the one con-
roversmlly taken last Wednesday in off-
:ampus representative Neil Siegel's im-
peachment heating.

The (‘ouncil \olcd last Wednesday
l3-l3 not to dismiss Sicgel. who was
under impeachment on charges of “ex~
.‘cssive absenteeism and neglect of
duties." A two-thirds majority is
necessary to dismiss II member.

Central Council voted by secret ballot.

 

 

which is in violation of the New York
State Freedom of Information Law. Ac-
cording to Robert J. Freeman. executive
director of the New York State Commit-
tee ou Public Access to Records. "A
voting record must be prepared and made
i available within guidelines of the Freedom
l or“ Information Law. The ruust idetrtify
‘ ‘ach member and how they voted."
l

Central Council vice-chair Cathy

LaSusa said she also supports open
It meetings and roll call votes for similar
i situations in the future. but with definite
I "reservations." LaSusa said a roll call
vote would have been “detrimental” to
Council since Sicgal now has to continue
to work with members. regardless of how
they voted.

However. Central Council internal Af-
fairs Committee mentbcr Dan Robb main-
tained. “I think it should be our right to
hold a closed ballot for something so per-
sonal and possibly damaging to one ofour
members.“

in regard to changing Council's policy
on closed meetings in 'he future Robb
claimed. “i would wait until you
1 (ASP) took us to court. '

SA president Mike torso said "there
needs to be an asses Item of the law
which we are checking with Robert
Freeman (Executive Director of the Com—
tnittec on Public Access to Records) and
our attorney." He said he is sorry to see
such “animosity” arise over this matter,
especially because "Central Council’s in-
tentions were good. They decided to do
this so as not to hurt Neil." V

Fromm criticized the ASP for waiting
until Council’s meeting to raise the issue.
He said it forced them “to make a quick
decision under pressure" and didn‘t 3ch
members a fair opportunity to‘examin.:

.7.

    

 

WILL VURMAN UPS
SA Presldent Mike Coreo
"Central Council's intentions were good. ”

 

 

 

 

5r}:

 

