  

    

 ,emi-w -..

 

 

m. w” ‘irw’ .

 
   
  
   

. ..._ w». ‘
.......,.W .‘m...~.-_.m.-» -

M

. H‘Vv-sp-a'uum «a... .
. - yvs - —«_...~‘.. <

 

 

 

fter giving fair warning that "this
Aain‘t no.htgh school assembly."
Tommy Tutone opened to a
standing-room-only Hullaballoo crowd on
Saturday night with their version of hard-
rocking. fun-strumming dance music. In a
voice laced with overtones of Willie Nile and
Graham Parker. lead singer Tommy Heath
sang and danced for over an hour and a half
until all doubts of a high school assembly
were removed.

Bruce Lieber

To those unfamiliar with the music of
Tommy Tutone (Heath. vocals: Jim Keller.
lead guitar; Jon Lyons. bass: Victor
Carberry. drums). only one thing. or rather
seven numbers need to be said: 867-5309.
These seven digits have turned Tommy
Tutone Into an overnight householdname.
or rather number. in case you were wonder-
ing. the song Is about a real girl named Jen-
ny. who really did have that number. which
really was found on a bathroom wall. The
only thing Tommy Heath won't tell us is
what city Jenny lives In. 50 for all those peo-
ple across the country with that number.
well. too bad.

While the crowd screamed for
"867-5309" at the end of every song. Tom-
my Tutone kept them satisfied with some of
the other numbers in their repertoire. From

 

 

>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>

    

Thanks. Jenny:

 

4867-5309" spe

their second album. Tgmmy Tutoner2. they
opened with "Tonight" and Covered
“Shadow In the Road." "Baby it's Alright."
and one for the boys. "Which Man are
You." The band also did an amazing up-
tempo version of "Wild World." a Cat
Stevens composition that the Cat himself
wouldn't have recognized if he had come
down from exile atop some lndian mountain
to hear It himself.

The songs from Tutone-2 stood up much
better In concert at 95 decibels when the
words couldn't be understood than they do
when subjected to close scrutiny on the
album. The lyrics read poorly and all seem to
be about someone leaving someone. or so-
meone telling someone not to leave. A

U
its (?) success for Tommy Tutone.

 

 

 

 

 

    
   

 

melancholy. almost country-westernish
sound pervades thealbum. and depressing
might not be a bad description for some of
the tunes.

But in concert. all such criticism is forgot-
ten because the members of the band seem
to be enjoying themselves so much. in fact.
the concert could be summed up in one
word: fun. There were no long. draWn out
instrumentals. no over-orchestrated ar-
rangements. no Ozzy-Osborne-batbiting
hypes; there was just fun. And it was the
spreading of this fun from the band to the au-
dience that made the show. Heath and
Keller danced constantly. talked and jolted
with the crowd. and for the die—hard punk
fans. gave the crowd a beer shower.

TheNewhouse Way .
a \aColumn A

hen a person is absorbed in any
field long enough it seems easy to
believe that there are things "just

everyone" knows. Since. of Course. that isn't
the case. here are some of the more in-
teresting bits of information l have ac-
cumldﬂeeerrjsﬂimyac- .,

Carol Newhouse
>Whenever~youwuse Vcohista-rcli .Tdissolve
it in a cold liquid before adding it to anything
hot. Cornstarch thickens below the boiling
point (at 192 degrees F . actually) and the
product will not become thicker as it cori-
tinues to cook. Add starch only until the
desired consistency is reached. then stop
>"New" potatoes taste sweeter than regular
potatoes because their sugar content is

   

on't let the leather jacket tool you.
D Wendy Waldman has not decided

to become yet another Ptif Beiiatar
clone. Though Which Way to Main Street. is
indeed a rock and roll album in every sense
of the term. that doesn't mean that Wrtlfliiirili
has forgotten how to write lyrics with
something behind them in fact. Mum Street
contains some of the best stings Waldman
has ever written and lliiil. i iinriiiried v.ttli her
new f‘tlilil iritisti‘ni \i'rsritility ('Illiiliitlt' to
make 'tlii‘ til the best itilttllti‘w r if this ii'liitni'ly

young igmi

Mark Rossier

 
 

     

   

‘.‘..r}iliiirt t.ii 'i‘lli' .iiiilii'i.. tli.iii
liviiiitiu tit .itit, mi 'tn lwi t ‘ltlt‘lil iiwp iii
initial-t. ‘t- ‘l. .:.r .ti. ipiiui in iliiilu‘
it‘tiiii'iil n llli‘ Ill'fll tit l-.' t" timlrtimr. itlttl
let' ltiillt‘~ tt “Jill l! 1 ‘vttti‘liii‘.' .ip
ltlttltfitlil’ that .it .i liltti‘ .i in'ti ‘i Hi‘tI‘li rlit‘ ill
the rind .t til II it \knliiiinii. uiiuiiiil i lrimi'
iii. ltt’l fiil’llti‘ .t'\tirwiii .iti tintliw inn. illitl tint
piiiailwl ‘ii'itlt he». lnr lw w .ii.ii twine liri. I‘»
till .ilirinn u fill it It‘llt't t. the (tin i it.iiiiti-~. til

lili' trrrii' \‘.‘llltlrtll liiilili‘l into i‘ i-.i,' [HHMIHIIMIH
or t I/iiii I‘rtti llriwi-i'i'i Mani ‘xtii'i-t in not jti‘il
iiiw \‘JUiili‘li'i 'rlltfk' ii in .iiniiit .i not run; iii.it
i-. i hanging .irni ilii’ iillt’iliitl til the iltIl|\ idri.il
tu liiid lll‘) or lii'i [lliitt‘ iii if

lilt'» .illiniii's flllitl llls'ltlt'ﬁ are '.H ititiii .rtely
itlft'tlwiitt‘ll that they eventually lii’ttillii' lti
distinguishable 'llii‘ ‘itiliti'i rillttlif ltiVe riiitl
those about frllftt‘ are equally weighted and

higher. in storage. the sugar converts to
starch (which makes a better. fluffier baked
potato).

>To whip heavy (or “whipping") cream.
use a clean. cold whip and bowl. whip on
moderate (not high) speed and use superfine
granulated sugar for sweetening

>When cooking fresh vegetables in water:

red or white vegetables. cover the pot. green
vegetables. cook in an uncovered pot;
yellow or orange vegetables may be cooked
covered or uncovered.

>To salvage a broken Hoilanrlaise sauce.
place a tablespoon of warm water in a clean

 

It'r’ti'ltlir‘ knows it's lir’r'ridt‘ iii ti‘lfl.

i't'tt' htitlfi

 

lltii’ i‘titt.tll‘, lltiiiiitl-ltll 'iiiiir'w. ill f.iiliiri- in
raw iit‘li lllril'i an i I‘vvt'l liiilliii' in the ‘llli|'i
liri .illniiii r'iidu Irll .i lillit’ Iii tttni'ilriintig
lir’lllti‘t .miii ii ii.i . lit'i‘ll min t I“v‘vlili ltllt llIL'li'
i». .i nun .v‘ that the Ii-tiilii“.' tlwll li.i~. bi'i-ii

lttlliliiin-rit ilt'riillil vii .i totally iltilt‘ii‘lil {hit
liiii\i‘ i tiitti'lllliilt'il perhaps littilllli,’. tlli

llni nit-n». lit‘liliitl tln- .iiiiitiii |.‘tlii|’l liirlll lilt'
irrii.ii ltt'tiill'rt' it i‘» irri'iisi'iv the thought
l‘l'llllitl tint innsir illiil make» It \k‘v tilt ‘rtt wr'll

llH‘."t".’l't llt'itli/t' tli.it ideas are not the stuff
til platiriiitti rilliilllt'v so let run my flill Iitii lllril
Wliii Ir Way It) [\fiiiri .‘itti'r't l‘r ii tliililli good
nu k itllilitti linirpn'» better than anything
lii'tiatrn has t'tiitit' tip with llitl‘ail .iily its well
as intellectually

Songs like "i lk'ttfflit'ill” (wrtli l’i'tei l-riunpr

bowl and begin beating it with a wire whip.
While constantly beating the water. gradually
dribble in the broken sauce until all of it is in»
corporated.

>|f you like the flavor of lime. try a wedge
next time you have fish: it makes tilt in-
teresting change from the standard lemon
wedge.

>t’ree2ing or refrigerating cookies will tie
quently make them soggy

D” you use a lair amourid of lresli garlic w
or w: tuld if you could tolerate all that peeling
and chopping — reduce your work by {it’ltt'
cling the peeled garlic in .i tllL'rll grinder list,-

.Which Way To Main Stream

ton on lead fillildll. “X Ray Lees" iilttl "You
Said it Wasn't Me" win: clearly llii’ liitlll'ril
ili.iiige ill Waldniiiti's style UVI'I the last ten
year it wrrttltl llrt\‘i' llt'i'll ttii‘oni'i'rkiiliie that
the sitiiii‘ Wendy \Vditliliilil who tli-ttli' the
in i tanned l.oivi' fftth (in! l\ft' lll l‘l'i'Il \uriild
haw ever l\‘t'tlltlt'il .i song like "i lk‘tltllit‘dl "
tlii' .illiiitii's first sirigliv \iniilnriy "Yuri ‘uiiii
Ii Wasn't Me" [You said you need lit‘i'il
‘v‘tllii'littfik’ Who's gonna tri'.rt Villi iiijlit l'iili
win \rtlil tt \L‘iistt‘t tint”) witilri li.i‘.i' lit't‘ll
played fill ~.ti.itijiit path-m \klli'll \K‘irldtntrn
‘.|.ii\ .i 251‘ \,'i'iii mid lull-.iu lint given .i iiiilr.
iti'.Il .i iiittlt‘ independent sense of iiliilt‘i
itliti lilllt'ilit'\\ l itifil"i tlriuitgli

\.\'.ildrir.in like ('iiili.‘ Simon is illlt‘ iii the
l»".- .iiti~.t-. \\’iili llii‘r gt illt‘ii better .i-. slit". int
ml \kliili- l li.i\'«' nothing .rii.iin~.t llt'l |'illl\,'
.illvtittis. sin' tililil'l ii'iilil.‘ li'iil it llt'l peril. tllilli
l‘lfh'. «Liffiltltfi' t'nriilntiit' litnl Mimi .‘uiri'i't
rpm. tinit r't‘i'ti Itilt' ltt‘lli'l lite [tit it is lliIIlt'
tli'llllt’ti .itiil flii‘ liiiliilti‘» |iililr.ilili,- lit-intiw
llli‘\,‘ ttltlil’ tint ill .i ‘iilttllt' illt‘illt' .rri' inure
[int-pnitii

ll'filt li l'k’tfl' in Niitri Mir-wt is .i tlirtit ti .ii
ti-.tii .ri iiit‘\'i'itii’|il l'littﬁl‘ wliii rlistriissi-rl
Waldrnnii .is Just illltiiiit’i lfirnstinit siriitid
alike (and l plead guilty) should give her
itliltllit'l t'ltitiit't' tiliLl for those who stuck by
her over the years. lfltlf faith has been illttlt‘
tliririjitslified l l

In Frld-v'o Aspects: Wendy Waldrriun on
stardom. four: and musiC.

But this was all a warm-up for —- you
guessed lt -- “867-53ii9/Jenny." This was
what the audience had come to' hear. and it
alone was worth the $5.00 ticket price The
band played it with an infectious ring that
even managed to surpass the outstanding
album version,

The opening act for Tommy Tutone was .i
band known as Grand Larceny. and while
they didn't steal the show. they were cuttiin
tent and tight. Their standout was a female
lead singer who sang and danced like .r illiti
Bette Midler. Her voice showed excellent
range as she made her way through a taper
totre of hard-rocking originals. with a iaittiiirt
version of Lynyrd Skynyrd's “That Smell" llt-
terspersed between. '

The audience response to Tommy Tutone
brings up the question of why Tommy
Tutone has not risen above playing at bars
and small clubs. Judging'by the number (if
people the band managed to pack into the
Hullaballoo and the number of fans outside
looking to buy tickets for the sold~out Slttitl.‘
Tommy Tutone seems capable of filling .i
larger arena. one perhaps the size at llit‘
Palace. But they might find it difficult to pro
ject the same energy in such an arena And
as Heath remarked. they enjoy being up

close and personal with their fans and havmg
a good time. And after all. having a good
time is what Tommy Tutone is all about

the fine plate of the grinder an help the gnili.
along with a bit of oil. Store the Qittttlitl gar lit'
in oil.

>When preparing a stock made with animal
bones. start with cold writer. not hot ltoi
water seals the protein into the bones
>The life of bread can be extended by fit't‘l
itig. but once it is defrosted the bread Sliili'\
relatively quickly —— within a few days Hi lliit‘
smaller bakeshops sell defrosted “fresh”
bread iii order to be able to sell a greater
variety tinder the best of ('iitiflilltitis .i
baguette fl:i(?iiClt bread) will go stale lit itlltili'
a day; this is due to its shape. not lti‘l’liitii
>Wiiip egg whites on high speed thing in. it
and wlirp which are very t’li.‘riti and fat lim‘ l‘
you have any doubts about the bowl. t li‘iti. '
Illil wttli vinegar rllifl rinse i Illi well nitii ltI’ ‘
\UrilL‘l

>Tiie chlorophyll in parsley hastens its.
decay storage. To extend the life of chopped
pat-with wriip it ill .i hit ftf l'lti‘t'Ht't l'tllt .i'ul
rinse it under mid \Uiill't tililll the  ill"
\Ulili'lt is stirreeri'd out of it tlttt-i Iii'tli‘ill‘
clear (this takes some time) Wiiiiq uni .ill w
the water iiti(l Sittli‘ the chopped [‘uiiwll“

tln' Ii'flltlt'lilftil
>Whi'ir halting. seivit rl])])lt"r whit li rllt' it ii»
iii tiiiiistiire. such as (iiniiiiy Smith in: \‘t-

ttig til (\tltllillitl lit-ii lieluiiitts. ‘.\'lt|i li .iie
high in iriiristuti'. (in fltil twirl; \u-ll .ii all

>lf. as you are about to H'H'i‘ tiliiiti'l \ iii

 

tllhl'fth'I that your stittt'i' l‘t ltitt llilll 'ii
rttllll‘vl the r orisisturii'v with fli'llflr' intuit. lu

 

iliiilil’ tlit~. lilii'iitl together one pint it “

.rtid Iitt.’ .riid ii lliilf pints fllttti by 
Add.iliitiiftlitstirtliesnirii' lillliiiiilti
.iiid ~.i'i\‘i' liii liili llst’ llli‘i iii .iin.

 

wiiii‘li \llttllltl Iiii) llt' litillt’il in ii iii i..l‘

iliiisi’) and try not in use it .it till Iittli‘v \
riit' itl .r bind the some will iltti lr.i‘.. .i
tliiiilit' iii \ltiiltit'i it) took till lltl‘ with
flii\'tl| iii lllt' lliriir

>ll you illt' out ill lirilltiiti powder iiu‘ -t
iriiiiliitintiniii iif llit'ritlitlililli‘ iii wdn .iiid
tli’itlti of [mini one p.iit main to tun Ililll‘
i.itt.it

Flirilurig lltlfrillli'“. are higher tll stint li lll.Iii
boiling potatoes if you (lti not know what
kitid ill potatoes yttti have. place one ilt .r
quart of salted water .i "boiler" will flout and
.i “linker” will sink

>"Niiti‘itional" yeast lacks leavuriing .rliiiiitv
rilitl is used only it) increase the nutritive
value of foods.

>Wltcti you start wiiii a cold egg. it takes
four minutes to boil a “threeminirte” L‘tlti-
>Avoid using a metal whip lli aluminum
pots or bowls as this will give a greyisii tinge
to delicately colored foods. l-l

 

in.  w. ..: .. ;. a...”

 

abc’ s ,

This column normally appears on Friday. but there is nothing normal about this week
in light of the events of Thursday evening. my response Friday afternoon. and the subse-
quent criticism of that response by 1:00 pm. yesterday.

To begin. here is my assurance to Clifford Thornton that i am not a "fictitious" character
but am In fact a real person who has edited Aspects for 2 semesters now, and has beerf
associated with the ASP for 3 years. His confusion is understandable. since these pieces
have been traditionally not by-lined. But a quick scan of the masthead will let you know (of
at least give a hint) as to the real identity of your author.

We made a leap with tradition to explain some other confusion which arose over Friday's

column. This is not a retraction of things i said. nor Is It an apology for the way I said them.
Rather. it is an assurance to ASP readers that passages In "abc's" construed as racist were

with a race. but with a committee who not only overstepped the bounds of fair behavior. but
gained the full cooperation of the University. represented by President O'Leary.

Whether or not satire was the proper forum for my opinions Is a subject for debate. The
piece was written in a spirit fostered by discussions conducted In a less than somber manner.
to Judge by the singing in the halls and the laughter in the negotiation room (on both sides).
l intended to write a self»deprecatlng piece both sides might have enjoyed. Falling short of
that. i will attempt to explain the feelings that may not have come across effectively in the
p ece.

Our discussion with the First World Coalition Thursday evening was variously frustrating.
enlightening. discouraging. and educational. The ASP staff is unanimous in its belief that
we went overboard in our April Fool's issue. FWC's negotiating committee included some
extremely eloquent people, who managed amid the din coming from the hallway to quietly
point out just how far we'd gone.

Their simple. emotional statements made me wonder' why the demonstration was
necessary at all. The rapport established that afternoon came about in spite of the commu-
tlon outside. Our Editorial Board asked why it was tiecessary for the protestors to keep
other staff members from their work. A spokesman for the FWC responded with an ex-
planation of the effectiveness of passive protest.

What seemed to be lost in his explanation of the history of the sit-in was an understanding
that such demonstrations are only resorted to when other avenues of discussion prove
fruitless. And in that i see a point i think many are missing: the FWC has made it seem. by
implication. that the ASP was unwilling to talk before Thursday. that in the three weeks
prior to the demonstration. minority spokespersons had been rebuffed in their efforts to
establish a dialogue with the Editorial Board.

That is simply not the case. and is a point representative of many of Thursday's conces-
sions. By staging a protest. the FWC implied we were never willing to talk before. infact.
we had never been approached by any committee prior to the take-over.

 

   

never meant as such. and [regret that people interpreted them that way. My gripe was not

 

 

 

 

By demanding we Include a clause in the agreement if: the effect that the ASP “insures a
committment to a policy of l'ninortty involvement on our staff" implies no such committment
existed before. in fact. we are too understaffed to dare turn away anybody who wants'to
work. and if we discriminate. It is only on the basis of how well one writes. how quickly one
types. and how late one is willing to stay awake on a Monday or Thursday night.

By including a demand that the ASP writes a once-a-semester article about black
experiences and contributions Implies none had appeared before. In fact. a once-a-
semester quota would force us to lessen our coverage of black contributions. Speaking for
Aspects. coverage of black artists has not only been‘frequent. but vital (witness coverage of
Pep)si Bethel. Charles Fuller's A Soldier's Play. Elombe Brath's appreciation of Malcolm X,
etc. . ~ '

These are all points of discussion which should have arisen during Thursday's talks. and
might have had not our hands been variously tied and forced by the pressure of deadline. A
neutral forum would have settled the affair to everyone's satisfaction. But Thursday's
discussion was not negotiation. it was concession. if I parodied the proceedings by relating
their importance to my appetite. it was only by way of satirizing a protest that forced us to
look at the clock and not at our consciences. it is a shame that the agreements were not
reached in an atmosphere of reflection. if they had. I trust the Coalition would have had a
victory they might really cherish.

When i mentioned an intramural hockey team In conjunction with the protest. I did It not
to belittle the beliefs of the FWC. but rather to wonder what might happen if groups with
lesser concerns employed the same tactics of protest, The First World Coalition put time
and effort Into the planning of their action. i hate to think what might happen if a less in-
formed group didn't

i took President O'Leary to task in Friday's piece for various reasons. i still wonder why
he not only let the talks continue as they did. but condoned the take-over The only way for
him to have gained a firm grasp oti the situation would have been to visit the Campus
Center and join In the discussion. instead. he slighted both the ASP and the First World
Coalition by submitting a statement not on campus racism. as was requested by the FWC.
but on the April Fool's issue. surely not the sole cause or source of racism. His quick agree-
ment to the Coalition's demands seemed reductive of the issue's at the ASP's expense.

That is the underlying theme of what went wrong Thursday and Friday afternoon. l
responded sardonically to the proceedings because the ASP. because of two foolish errors.
has become the scapegoat for a controversy with campus-wide implications. if the ASP is as
influential as many now believe. their the First World Coalition might benefit by working
with us to explore campus racism.

We all played militant and negotiator for a day Now it is time to discover the real targets
for protest. and see that real change is made.

 

 

   
  

   

Feline Faale

suspect that Cat People could be us-
1 ed as textbook example of how too _ 
much compromise can wreck a film.
Not that Cat People is an especially bad
movie. but it's never as good as it should
have best:- . _

Jim ibixon '  “

tiiiutruiiéiii'ﬁtty.  Ortnsby's script
takes fttt) many detours into unprofitable
subplots. critically weakening the dramatic
thrust of the film. The basic story is a gasser \
; an exotic young virgin. played by Natassia
Kinskl. arrives in New Orleans to be reunited
with her brother. from whom she's been
separated for years. The brother. played
perhaps with too much menance by
Malcolm McDowell. is some sort of

 

:’ ‘9

triangle is added. with Annette O'Toole play-
ing Heard's girlfriend (And Ms, Kiriski's

  
  

Claws: Nastassia Ktnski. the best thing about Cat People,

" \i \ ended tip with a hot screwdriver who may

well have had different sensibilities. Enter
\ . Schrader. a hot director. and yet a different
~ set of sensibilities is imposed. Universal. who

. \ . \ probably piit up all the money. wanted
I; I \ flashy summer thrills and a big transforma-
' \ tinn scene. (A coiiiprnttiise again was reach-
y ed here Natassia Kinski does transform on
camera. bttt much ltttt quickly for transfor-

\ tttiilion fans to really enjoy it )

iii the end then. Cat People seems to be
several different ideas front several different
I \( people rolled together irilo one film with only
( moderate success The best approach would
\‘x‘ \ probably have been to stniply make a flashy.
intelligent horror film Someone. probably
Or'pishy or Schmdei‘. wanted to make a
People dellVCrS. Mill Witth SUbllt’llv may be heavy Freudian (or is it .liirigian?) statement
thrown to the winds, this is not a bull film. about sex turning us- iiito beasts Big deal.

 

 

clergyman. and seems to have an incestuous
interest in his sister.

The family. it seems. is the last of a race of
creatures who turn into black panthers if they
have sex. To become human again they
have to kill someone. The brother. while in
panther-form. is captured by zoo-keepers.
Meanwhile. the sister accepts a job at the
same zoo where the curator. played by John
Heard. is in love with her.

Eventually. the brother manages to kill an
attendant and escape. Once back home. he
breaks the news to his sister that the only
way they can avoid celibacy and Meow Mix
is by becoming incestuos lovers. The news
doesn't go over. especially as she wants to
lose her virginity to the handsome young zoo
curator

There. of course. ls where the suspense
lies. having given away this much. i won't
divulge the climax Ormsby. who wrote My
Bodyguard and several B-horror movies
before that. was the last in a succession of
screenwriters producer Charles Fries brought
in to write the film. supposedly Fries had
been thoroughly unhappy with the versions
other writers provided film with. and asked
Ormsby to work from scratch to produce a
lresli approach

The story would have worked fine if Orm-
sby had been content to write a fairly tradi-
tional horror film. Uiiftirtnimtely, the two-
hour film can't sustain the various points of
View frotn which the story is seen. if the plot
weren't complicated enough. a romantic

‘ i

.i-‘il'l..~t.14tv
‘t.‘ll't -- ii.\...

i

rival). While Ms. O'Toole gives one of the
best performances in the film. her part is un-
iTCCCSSflI’y.

Also. Cat People isn't always faithful to its
own premise. There are some jarring incon-
sistenciesNot that the film never works. Cat
People is generally well-directed by Paul
Schrader. who wrote Taxi-Driver. as well as
wrote and directed Blue Collar. Hardcore.
and American Gigolo, Schrader is a preten-
tious back who occasionally manages a good
screenplay. but as a director he's at least
learned the value of surrounding himself
with a good technical crew. His
cinematographer. John Bailey. (who also
photographed Ordinary People) is excellent.
and Cat People. as did American Gigolo,
boasts an exciting. vibrant look. Additional—
ly. Kinski. is as startling a screen presence
here as she was in Tess. She's haunting. and
makes the movie worthwhile by herself.

Sclirader doesn't seem to believe in pull-
ing punches: The violence in Cat People Is
as strong as any i've' ever seen in a major
horror film. In one shot. an arm is removed
in front of the of the camera. lengthening in
its sleeve as it pulls from the socket. and
finally severing. with threads of flesh
separating iii close-up. 'l'he bleeding is pro-
fuse. and has less of a Max Factor look than
most stage blood. What Schrader does for
violence he does for sex. and virtually every
woman with much of a speaking role ap-
pears riude ov at least topless the cheap
thrill most horror fans seeiii ltlllit'cdian’nv

..i. ..
Mimi ."vi

 

  

  

it also delivers suspense. however. and
the scene in which Heard attempts to cap-
ture McDowell (who is in panther form) in a
hotel room will hold its own with Jaws.
Schrader seems to have a good handle on
horror movie form. which is more than cah
be said for other filmmakers who have tried it
for the first time.

Unfortunately. Cat People. at the bottom
line. is a corporate endeavor. Charles Fries

 

 

First prize winner in, the fnterlintional Piano Competition and winner of Great Britain's
prestigious Young Musicians Award. Cltue Swansbourite. will give a performance of the
late works of Beethoven on Wednesday, April 28 at 8:00 PM. in the PAC Recital Hall.
Tire world~reiioulned pianist Claude Frank has called Swarisbournc "an extremely com-
pelling pianist playing iiiith great authority, thorough musical intelligence. eloquence. and a
brilliant technique. " The Vancouver Province called his playthg "truly stunning." Admisv
sion is $4 general. $2 students and senior citizens, SUNYA students free.

D H Lawrence did that decades ago. and it
isn't worth the movies endless digresstoris
now But too many cooks seem to have
meddled in Co! People's broth. and instead
of movihg like an arrow in one. titre-
quivocabie direction. Cat People zig-zags
through block and psychology. and by thc
time it's over. the viewer may well end it;
. wondering what the hell it is that he's ius
seen. [it

    

 

  
  
     
    
 
 

is

 

