  
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

"Mm. ,M -- 'I- la‘r‘

meeting — a chance meeting in
Max’s Kansas City. back in 1980 or
so. A drunken journalist and a
lea er clad Ramone. Dee Dee Ramone. to
be specific. The drunk spots his opportunity
to ask that long-wondered question all
Ramones' fans wonder about. He ap-
proaches the former addict and slurs. “What
did your. mother do. . .uh.. . ." The star
grimaces.. The journalist trys again. “What
did you do with your mother. .  Dee Dee
shows his embarrassment by looking pissed
at the two overdressed women he was keep-
Ing company with. The drunk trys again.
“Uh. what did you do with the money your
mother gave you for music lessons?" Finally.
the long asked question is out. Dee Dee
shakes his head and walks away. without an
answer.

 

Matt Fteiss"

Thursday. March 25th. hundreds of miles
and 2 years away from the Manhattan bar
where this first meeting took place. Dee Dee

. is approached again by the now veteran
Ramones' concert goer. in the backroom of
J.B. Scott's after a loud encore for the pack«
ed house. The question Is asked again by a
considerably more sober journalist. Dee Dee
answers this time. “She never gave me a‘
dime man. never gave me a dime!"

The atmosphere at J.B.'s resembled that
of no other Ramones' concert. Business ma-
jors. high school students. and a few lonely
leathered ladies surounded the bar. i tell the
barmaid. “l'll have a gin and tonic. easy on
the gin." I'm greeted with a strong drink filled
two inches from the rim. l approach the
stage to get the best possible view and two
hours later have one leg crushed up against
the splintering stage with-a girl's elbow wedg-
ed tnto my shoulderblade and a seven cubic

foot woofer ’staring at my left fontal lobe.

Schrapnel opens. At showtime l was
unaware of their name so i asked a young
fan. “Who are these guys?" “The Ramones."

 

 

 

she replied. The Information was untrue. but
not unrealistic} The lead singer had a
aonnny Kamone hair-do. and the guitarist
was hacking at his instrument slung down
about his groin. much like his veteran punk
counterpart. "Maybe Ramonemanla. but
certainly not the real thing." i stated to her
utter disillusionment. The vocals had a slight
Styx tinge to them. there were too many
leads and not enough chords to seriously Im-
Itate the real thing.

They left the stage alter a very well receiv-
ed performance. though there was a chance
that the entire crowd had mistook them for
the Ramones. As the intermission wore on

i   B'r'Othe‘rs. Can You Spare A. Dime?

sant Dreams album followed with chainsaw
precision. and 'fGtmme Gimme Shock
Treatment" left the crowd In seizures.

“Rock and Roll High School" was greeted
by a momentus thrust forward causing many
of those In the front rows to pogo up and
down with only a slight hint of verticality.
Sensing the impending havoc. the band cut
Into "1 Wanna Be Sedated." a number rapid-
ly becoming the theme song of the prevalent
generation.

Joey said. "The next song will terrify you."
as he introduced “The KKK Took My Baby
Away." By this time there was not a dry pore
in the place. "Commando." from Leaue

 

the crowd began to push towards the stage
and the temperature began to rise.

The Ramones ran onstage and belted out
“Rock and Roll Radio” to a now frenzied

'mass. Just as the last chords were dying

down. Marky hit three notes on his foot
pedal to signal the beginning of "Do you
Wanna Dance." The band whacked away at
this old Beach Boys cover for ninety seconds
before Joey dedicated “Blitzkrieg Bop" to
Albany. J.B. Scott's. the road crew and most
of his immediate family. On this number.
Johnny seemed to be moving thevftngers on
his left hand. producing several different
noises In the same song. Dee Dee's “Ali‘s
Quiet on the Eastern Front" from the Plea-

Home. discussed the duties and practices of
members of the front line armed forces
which Included “the laws of Germany and
“eating kosher salamis." These lines echo
the backround of the band's two lyricists:
Dee Dee. who spent his early years growing
up with the barbed wire. martial law condi-
tions of post-war Germany. and Joey.
whose real name is Jeffrey Hyman.

From this Freudian regression they pro-
gressed to' catatonia with “Suzy is a Head—
banger." This version. however. did not
employ any of the interesting bass lines
found on the studio version. He introduced.
"a tear-jerker" fit for “the mentally
disturbed." from the Rocket to Russia album.

Spyrogyrations ‘

ecently. many jau artists have

R been blending their pure jazz
sounds wiht a more mainstream

style of pop/rock. This action has gotten
them more fans. but has drawn the ire ofthe
tau purists. Perhaps the most notable of
these groups. Spyrogyra. has beaten the
odds against it. and captures a fairly large
following. What is surprising about their rise
is the fact that they started out on an In-
dependent label. only recently having signed
on with MCA. Being distributed on an in-
dependent label usually makes it very dif-
ficult to achieve a broad base of supportive
fans. Spyrogyra has done this. and this past
Thursday night they played to a large. en-
thuslastic crowd at SUNYA’s Page Hall.

Ftbbert Schneider

It was evident that the group. hailing out
of Buffalo. was in high spirits. on observation

 

 

 

mance. The show opened with a marvelous
tune. called “Catchin' the Sun."

it set the pace for the rest of the evening.
namely saxophonist Jay Beckenstein and
Keyboardist Tom Schuman wowing the
crowd with their masterful individual efforts
and interplay. Their sound is rich and
smooth. and even to a new “Spyrogyrite”
like myself. very easy to enjoy.

The group has released 5 previous
albums. and Beckensteln announced to the
audience that the band was road testing
some new songs from the upcoming new
album. One of them. “Last Exit." especially
stood out. it was a fairly significant departure
from the group's norms. in that this
displayed a slower. more melodic style.
Schuman on keyboards harmonized
beautifully with Beckensteln on clarinet dur-
ing this one. Beckenstetn has a hand in
writing most of their songs. and he shows a
great deal of Innovation In some of them.
"Kinshasa." one of the new songs, was writ-
ten by him. has a Ricky Riccardo-ish Latin

beat to it.Jerome Velez. the percussionist.
stands out on this tune. He Is a bit of a stan-
dout in the group too. The other 5 members
of the band stand basically still. while awing
the audience with their musical ability. Velez.
on the other hand, is all over the stage. kick-
Ing cymbals on cue. dancing around. and on
“Sea Biscuit." running into the audience.
making the grand tour of Page Hall. and
returning to the stage. He should practice his
drumstlck twirling. however. for on several
occalsons one of the tricky buggers got
loose. and flew across the stage. i could just
see Beckenstein getting impaled by a loose
stick.

Drummer Eli Kanoklaus is good. but he
isn't called on enough to display his talents.
Bassist Dave Waford provides a good. solid
foundation for the rest of the band to build
on. like at the start of “Free Time." Chet
Catallo. on lead guitar. does an excellentjob
throughout the group's repetoire. especially
on “Just For You." What Is so good about

called “Here Today. Gone Tomorrow."
which tells the story of a couple that couldn‘t
break up and live. On the album sleeve this Is
illustrated with a guy sipping beer and wat-
ching television next to his lover's tomb-
stone. "Chinese Rock." previously recorded
by Johnny Thunder's Heartbreakers. con—
tinued to showcase Johnny's unexpected
leads. The tune. In collaboration with Dee
Dee and Marky's previous musical affiliate.
Richard Hell. was also Mark's most agile ef-
fort. in discussing his experience with Mr.
Hell's Void Olds. Mark mentioned that this
style of music was very different from the
Ramones'. Hell's band dealt in some form of
avant garde jazz. according to Mr. Bell
(a.k.a. Marky Ramone).

The crowd's wild reaction to "Today Your
Love Tomorrow the World" illustrated that
this band- could do no wrong in Albany's
eyes. as this simple hack piece included a
couple of mistakes. They concluded with
"Pinhead" and left the audience to destroy
themselves with a healthy push towards the
stage.

Backstage there was a noticable calm. The
kind which is only experienced when coming
out of a coma. or a Ramones' concert. Joey
was discussing the band's whirlwind tour.
and that the crowd literally tore the house
down In Cleveland. He spoke optimistically
about the period the music industry was
presently going through. explaining that a
positive change was putting “fresh blood" on
the charts. He reported that. "we held
tight. . .to our high ideals." referring to the '
commercial nature of almost every other
band that has been around as long as the

Ramones. “There's a whole new generation I

getting Into us. . .with the new kids getting
into exciting music, At one point." he said.
"all they knew was "Stairway to Heaven."
He termed this a pathetic state of music. He
further illustrated the dynamic state of the art
by telling of a kid In Atlanta whose favorit

groups were the Ramones and Yes. A com

parison whose merits many may fail to
see; Cl

Spyrogyra's sound is the way that the in-
struments on the one hand can all sound so
individually superb. and conversely blend so
well together that one could stop playing.
and the sound quality would not be
diminished at all. Tom Schuman is truly a
wizard on keyboards. During Thursdays ren»
dition of “Bittersweet.” from their Carnival
album. his electric piano was truly delightful.
At one point. In a later song. he strapped a
guitar-shaped keyboard unit on. and strolled
about stage. to the roars of the enraptured
crowd. At one point. his'playing was so in-
tense that the keyboards burst into flames.
Talk about hot.

Seeing Spyrogyra for the first time. i can
understand how the group has attracted
such a loyal. cohesive following. After 13 or
14 songs the sound can become a bit
repetitive. but even then. It still remains
likeable. This is clearly a group of dazzling
musicians. who know how to please their
relatively small. devoted following. Cl

 

that was borne out by the evening's perfor-

 “EVENTS .

 

   

eta-en .

'~.-The Production Company Is back in
Albany with Les Ballets Trockadero De
Monte~Carlo for their only upstate ap-
pearance at The Palace Theatre on Friday.
April 2 at 8 p.m. The all-male company
blends slapstick with technical virtuosity In a
swipe at tradition. These "hairy-chested
ballerinos" will present a parody of ballet
cliches such as “Swan Lake." Tickets are
available at Community Box Offices and thc
Palace. Prices are $7.50‘and $9.50.

 

  

u
urg......gr..tr
...,.........

Haydn Out '

Findlay Cockrell will present a solo piano
c'oncert In the Recital Hall on Wed. March
31 at 8 p.m. as part of a celebration of the
250th birthday of Franz. Joseph Haydn. Pro-
ceeds from this concert will be used to
assemble the University's forteplano kit.
General admission is $3.00 and $1.50 for
students. senior citizens and alumni associa-
tion members.

All-wave.

Keep listening to 91 FM if you still need
tickets for Rock Night at the Rafters. Also at
the radio station. tune In Saturday at 4 pm.
for “Havoc Hall" — the continuous saga of

‘ soapy SUNY students.

In the Mood
Kenny Burrell. favorite guitarist of jazz
' greats such as Duke Ellington. Count Basie
and Billie Holiday. will be featured in
“Tribute to Duke Ellington" at Proctor's on
Thursday. April 1 at 8 p.m. Burrell. who has
earned a reputation as one of the most ver-
satile guitarists In history has accompanined
such artists as Tony Bennett. Nat Cole. Sarn-
my Davis. and Lena Horne.He will be joined
In this tribute to the late jazz legend by the
Jazz Century All-Stars. Playing trumpet will
be Ernie Royal. with Frank Wess on sax‘
aphone and flute. Slide Hampton on trom-
bone. Ben Riley on drums and Richard
Wyands at the piano. Tickets for “Tribute to
Duke Ellington" featuring Kenny Burrell are

 

 
 

‘ ' ‘"""hkhhlﬂﬂlﬂﬂﬁﬂ“A”Th'f “Tut-b ~‘ '- LhﬂhhkﬁHk‘uhﬂkul“‘t\““'v‘|.l-k'AtAL'IA-l". -'- A‘L'I r. 'q". rt r 1 a v. 1...: w -. s - r up‘ r s \ a
. . t . , v i . .

 

  

  
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
 

$10.00. $8.00 and $6.00.
Teacher. Teacher

One of the most humorous and grotesque
anti-totalitarianism dramatic allegorles will be
staged by the Department of Theater of the
University at Albany in the Lab Theater of
the Performing Arts Center Tuesday through
Saturday. March 30 through April 3 at 8
p.m.. starring Brazilian Sandra Dani. The
production is designed entirely by graduate
students and majors in the SUNYA Depart-
ment of Theater. Admission is $3.00 for the
general public and $2.00 for SUNYA
students with lD. For futher information. call
the University Performing Arts Center at
45%8606. I

   

 

     

....nr':;rer:::-r:t*.-..9..r: - - . - r .
-. .s ......,.......

 

I

 

Light My Fire

advertising money to promote

Quest for Fire. one of the most
unusual films to come along in quite some
ime. it's too soon to tell whether their efforts
0 capture the fantasy audience supposedly
ust waiting for the right film to come along
Nlll be successful. But Quest [or Fire does
not strike me as the sort of film that the Star
Wars audiencg_ls going to-ﬂgk to.

Jim Dixon

Billed as a “science fantasy adventure."
Quest [or Flre is set eighty thousand years In
the past. at the beginning of the ice Age. The
main characters are members of a primitive
tribe of early humans. who have mastered
some of the uses of fire. but not its creation.
When their fire Is stolen In a raid by another.
more primitive tribe of ape-like neanderthals.
the'tribe faces extinction. Three of its war-
riors are sent on a quest to find more fire.

Gerard Brach's script. based on the novel
by J.H. Rosny. focuses mainly on the
Odyssey—like trek of the three warriors.
There is no English dialogue in the film ~
novelist and linguist Anthony Burgess
(author of A Clockwork Orange) has in
vented languages for the characters In the
film, based. we are carefully informed by
studio publicists. on l’roIo-lndo-European.

2 0th Century Fox is Investing a lot of

H In other words. those ape<|iku grunts the

characters spout are not just ape-like grunts.
but arc- a cohesive series of actual words bas—
ed on a serious. scholarly speculation and

Quest For

Love Nest II

205 Wolf Road Albany 12205
458-7250

Monday-Sunday 11 «.m. — 1 mm.

here it was. staring back at us from
the menu: Love Nest ll.
On the one hand. we reasoned.

it does seem an appropriate sort of name for
it restaurant of a hotel complex which
decorates Wolf Road with "Come in! Come
in! Crime in!" and little automobiles driving
across a sign. On the other band. who can
actually’ny‘kegpiajﬂmglike lltgf?____'

LCaroi Newhouse

A bit of asking turned up a helpful night
manager with the answer: a number of years
ago. Albany's local attractions included Love
Nest. an establishment which provided. for a
fee. alcoholic beverages and female compa-
nionship. When the great-grandson of the
owner of Love Nest decided to open his own
restaurant it became. of course. Love Nest ll.

This “son of Love Nest" is actually quite
tame In spite of its namesake. The decor is
modern. decorated with subdued tones.
wicker. natural-color wood and a few plants.
Though very comfortable. something about
the decor is rather slick and leaves one with
the feeling that there might be something
very like it in another Turf inn.

The bars — all three of them — dominate
the restaurant. There seem to be more seats
for drinkers than the sixty or seventy provid-
ed for dln'ers. The only bar up on the dining
level is quite small. not much more than a
service bar. One does not have the feeling of
dining In a tap room.

The entertainment Is limited to popular
recorded music. such as that of Paul Simon
and Olivia Newton-John. played at a sub-
dued level.

Back to the menu. The offerings are
primarily appetizers. luncheon and light din-
ner fare: salads. potato skins. sandwiches.
quiches. omelettes. fondue and so on. The
prices range from $1.75 for soup and $2.25
for peanut butter and jelly to $9.95 for meat
fondue or sirloin strip. Many items seem to
hover about the $4.50 mark. The check is

kept at a reasonable level by the nature of
the menu: $4.25 Is not expensive for a meal
but you might think it a bit hejty for a club
sandwich.

  

 

 

 

Homosaptens, too: The hirsute cast of Anaud's Quest For

  
   
 
 
    

Fire.

 

authentic grunts?"). but to most viewers. this
one included. grunts sound like grunts.’

Nonethless. the languages used by the dif-
ferent tribes do sound different. and do
reflect different stages of development But
viewers should be warned that there is no
chance that they're going to understand
what the characters are saying. Most critics
that have reviewed the film thus far have
been profllgate in using names of characters
and tribes. They are getting this information
frotn presskits. The only words it is possible
2; pick up from the film itself are "aim". for
fire. and "Ulrmi." the name of the major
tribe.

What is most remarkable about the film
then. is that it tells a readily cmupruhcnsible
story virtually entirely relying on visual
research. This may provide fuel for debate
among linguists (“Are Mr. Butgess's grunts
elements. The story is suitably simple. and
hours a great deal of resemblance It) many
epics  which seems to fit the subject matter
pcrfcctly (in fact at the end of the film. the
main characters are telling their tribe about
their adventures. and we are left to realize
we have seen a tribal legend in the making).

Director Juan-Jacques Annaud has pro-
duced an enormously ambitious film here.
and one that is technically stunning. Quest

 

singled out: the spinach salad which accom-
panies some of the entrees. The spinach.
always fresh. clean and sanclless. is topped
with hard boiled egg. crumbled bacon and a
mild creamy ltalien house dreasing. it is at-
tractive to the eye and the palate. Simple
and standard perhaps. but sometimes it is
iust those simple things that “make” a meal.

Now to the depressing part: the single
meal which was the direct cause of this
review. The soup of the day. chicken noo~
die. was rather like a minestrone with a few
pieces of chicken added for the sake of the
name. it was homemade of course (that's
what the menu says). but it is rather odd that

A pleasing feature of this light mt'ntt is the
tumbcr of meatless items available: more
'han 15 of the ()7 numbered choices seem to
fall into this category. if you are dining with a
group which includes lacto»ovo vegetarians.
this might be an appropriate choice for din-
ner. As always. if your diet is restricted. ask
you server about Specific menu items.

The quality of the food is adequate but
:ertainly not exceptional. Of course. the
new Itself is not ambitious so perhaps that is
'o be expected. Seasoning ranges from non-
existent to mild. The plates are attractive and
well arranged.

There is one item which deserves to be

 

 

I[or Fire. In addition to being gorgeously
photographed In primitive settings in Kenya.
Canada. and Scotland. .ls being shown In
‘70mm and Dolby Stereo — ear and eye fllI-
fing. And with the exception of the “Dawn of
'Man" prologue to 2001: Space Odyssey. it is
the only film to take a serious look at man's
early fools. Annaud Is not afraid of scenes
likely to get a belly laugh. but he's not always
successful In bringing them off. There are
numerous sequences depicting early man's
discovery of love. Some of It Is touching. But
wcx Itself. often explicitly depicted. ls funnier
than probably intended. I

This is easy enough to forgive. Quest [or
Fire is .t stunning film. it's about more than a
man discovering how to make fire. it's about
It man discovering love. laughter. and
humanity Itself (of course we might wonder if
it was all discovered In the same week).

'With Its flaws. Quest for Fire is a spec-
tacular. exhilarating movie. The weak-
stomachcd should be warned that Quest for
Fire's nccaisonal violence is almost sicken-
ingly strong. but It is hottest. The acting.
done in heavy make-up created by
Christopher Tucker. who created the make-
up for The Elephant Man. Is surprisingly
good. in particular the performance from-
liverctt Mc(iill. as Naoh. leader of the
Ulani's warriors.

If nothing else. Questlor Fire Is an exciting
fiitn. unlike anything else you're likely to see.
If It isn't entirely successful. it's worth the
time and $4.50 of even the most casual
viewer.

a professional cook would go to such lengths
to make his product taste like canned soup.
The chicken crepes were bland and the top
of the spinach quiche was burned — very.
very burned. ltor some strange reason. our
waitress didn't come back and inquire about
our satisfaction with the meal.

Finally. the desserts. Actdally. if you have
ever tasted a cheesecake baked by the Nuns
of New Skete you'll maintain there's only
one dcsscrt on this menu: the Kahlua
Cheesecake. for $2.50 per slice. lt's
everything cheesecake 'ought to be plus a
generous taste of Kahlua and a chocolate
crumb crust. Love Nest's own kitchen con-
tributes an interesting selection of desserts.
primarily in the form of pies and cakes. for
$1.50 each. '

in spite of the meal described above. the
qualified recommendation stands. The Love
Nest ll has been known to have better days
and most of the menu items are simple.
When you are there have a drink and enjoy
the relaxed atmosphere. Just don't expect
flights of culinary greatness. (:3

Ballet High

efore the curtain ever went up.

BFootworks '82 promised to be a

pleasant surprise.

The long line outside the PAC bc . office
Saturday night guaranteed a sellout.
something Footworks has always deserved.
The program reflects SUNY students not on-
ly as talented dancers but also as creative
choreographers.

T Ed Pﬁ’ika

As patrons took their seats the stage was
already full of movement. “Warm-ups and
Works" was being presented by the Dance
Composition class. a simple and spon-
taneous piece featuring 10 dancers creating
on their own and in groups. easing the au-
dience into the varied program ahead.

The show officially opened with "Tap
Rap." as tap dancers welcomed the au-
dience Inside and tapped out a sales pitch for
the Footworks t-shirts on sale in the lobby.
The next two pieces, a duet and a solo. both
choreographed by the dancers themselves.

 

 

 

were light. short pieces. with pretty foot-
work.

The first "heavy" piece was “The Changel-
ing." A moody piece. reminiscent of most of
last year’s Footworks. “The Changeling" was
described as a drama about shifts iri relation-
ships between a man and woman.
Choreographer and male lead. Charles
Sachs. made excellent use of stage. lighting
and movement. as he led the female In and
out of the piece (relationship).

Two other well-choreographed pieces
were presented by Liz Mallon. Dance Coun-
cIl president and soloist In the beautiful
“Empty Echo." and Rachel Plvnic. also the
soloist In her lightfooted classical ballet
spoof. "Close Your Eyes and Watch." Pivnic
returned in the second half as a serious ballet
artist in “Spring Song" of the “Songs
Without Words" piece.

Another ballet-like piece "Ebb". featured
the talents of 12 dancers. Sometimes In-
teresting. sometimes confusing, "Ebb"
reflected tidal movements and was possibly
hurt by other uncontrollable forces — like

 

choroeographer Darlene Myers' illness in the
last week before her performance. which
kept her from refining the piece.

uWind" swept open the second half and
featured a troup of 8 dancers in some well-
coordlnated swirling steps.

The next piece. a pantomine by Dan Hart.
"In Defense of Country". was another
“heavy” —— heavy humor and heavy-
handed. Some of Hart's motions were overly
obvious as well as confusing. The piece also
suffered from length. but the beginning-
ending symmetry was a nice touch.

Richard Schecter repeated his fine perfor-l
mance in "Hot Butterflies." in this pretty.
powerful duet. choreographed by and
featuring by Schecter. he was accompanied
admirably by Mallon. Schecter once again
shined as SUNYA‘s premier male dancer.

The show closed. as it opened. with the
tap dancers. this time in a "Tap Rap Finale."
Flowers. standing ovations. applause. ap-
plause. “Footworks '82" put its best foot for-
ward and is moving In the right direction to'
gain the attention it deserves.

 

 
   

 

 

. .='- warm 1.-
ephedmws.

v «ugh:

