 

k-ta shan, n.

 

 

   

...and you run and run to catch up with the
sun but it's sinking. and racing around to run
up behind you again. The sun is the some in
a relative way. but you're older. and shorter
of breath. and one day closer to death...

Pink Floyd

xpectatlon. it's a word we all come

g to view wltlt hope and fear.

' Perhaps your first encounter with

the idea was Charles Dicken's Great Expec-

tations which you sll‘t'""l"’l through as a

freshman in high schr i now you‘re at

college and expectation ttged with paren-

tal hopes of good grades and. personal

dreams of glory. You are Plp in London and

you alone are responsible for your own

fulfillment. But unlike Pip's fictional universe

we are forced to exist in what is known as tlte
“real world".

Megan Taylor &
Debbie Millman

Reality. obscure in its own right. cart be
truly traumatic when it emails coming to a
futuretvorld campus witlt the assumption
that you will suddenly be able to tnake life
decisions on your owrt. Underneath the glit-
ter of this new life is the trial of educatiott
We have all lteard the mythology surroirit~
cling tltis trial by fire. re. a good education
means a secure future filled with new in«
tellectual challenge and creative fulfillittent.
but this is talk for the futttre. itot the present.
Coming to grips with who you are cart be a
deceiving ettdeavor. a continual merrygo-
round forever reachirtg for the brass ring.

Though capturing the brass ring rttigltt ap-

pear to be an exceedingly difficult task. it
does rtot have to remain beyond our grasp.
While some of us might be able to spon-
taneously reaclt out and grab that'ring suc-
cessfully. for most of us. this challenge re-
quires careful planning. and the ability to
really look inside our hearts and read what
is actually there. Of course this is much
easier to say than do-but if you stay up all
night painting a canvas for a friend, and plan
on majoring in accounting to please your
parents. the brass rirtg might be forever out
of touch. .

So already the choices implicit itt all ex-
pectatiort rear their ugly heads. Yes. you
have to choose a major. but to find a sense
of inner fulfilltnertt. the ottiy absolute reality
we ltave. you have to listen to that inner

 

 

voice and be able witlt some
to define your own expectations "it
those Imposed by society. peers and‘ 1 "0'
Many people spend their collegep ..
those years with the tttosl potential intuit)?
definition. running from their own 1“.
because they view their artistic or [um
monetary goals as sorrteltow less than "W
table.

What Is acceptable brings the entire 1
pose of education into question What”)
the acceptable arid litittrtt't‘lllilttblt.’ Valli“:
systems society has created for its’ Why "L
the professors and bankers of this twirl:
more highly regarded than the stiititatirir
workers? Perhaps one's t’tltllrlll'ilhll cairn1
should include attwenng thcsi' question”
Professional esteertt is a \‘t'iv litutty suit 
let alone coming to lt'liitw \Uflt niru's 

Merits

iiccyp.

personal desires for ‘tllttt’w‘i tiltil Mum.
ment. Understanding your out: iitirlttitlmt

 

is. perhaps. the host '.|.it\, in .tarra it. Wk
wtlll your expectations of unit. i
and wltat you wish to lit't omit

 

it illi' in .r.

'llti’ii’v

 

 

there are no ll]t.‘lrilt'lii("vlli‘tl‘ if 
financial success wrll ltiiltti i,rrti ititrit’ hr
piness than struggling .i» r .Uitw‘.
discovered poet. than do tl
with facts and figures ls

 

  
  

lllitilt‘ 3

creative expression and «rim. and \ii' .
ilon.thatt do it liut \‘Ulixtli't‘t’l ii is tut. «if
give it all you got

Few people are flllfilli'tl in; tliir’lli‘iltirti
stimulus alone attd you twirrltin‘t lw litilitrtiil

 

emotional concerns (hopes and fruit») aim
ttot part of the college t'J-.]i|‘|it‘itt a lft'lrtli’rli
ships. lite SlUiltbllttg blocks of [till i’ illtil itrt't‘
await you too. In no other arm is llil‘ ll'lii|tlti
tion of expectations moi.- livtilltlil tilllt
danger. A university setting r. .i tiiliiittiirlii
of society arid the iiillil‘rIL‘it's oi tItlt'i iti'htritdi
and professional TL’lr'lllUllSlitlts .tlt' iii than
The people you Cltotisi' .is k'tttit training
companions can be a norm t‘ of ‘rllt‘liiillt ill
the root Of obstacles on yr ilii path Idling iii
love can be a \VUlltlt'illillL’ ldt’rilltlrtblttti
endeavor and can transform llit.\ [iii v lit‘it.
being a frightening Dillltll’llil“ ‘Iiiit in it
beautiful paradise Sndrlititlt. w
aren't just boring. gray titliiii‘ii' wit
take on a deeper ntcatttng “ltt‘lv’
met" or “this is where we flirt nu . t

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mediate

.
sense of clarity

 

. A. manna-unwed.

  
   

  

WWWMWW

vim... a.“ tow J’r.t c. M, .. , A.

 

 

 
 

I. .
I

  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
 

al Albany sunset". Then you discover
Lake or even Thatcher Park or
ti ice-cream. Nevertheless. its real im-
t to construct a world for yourself that
ts of moments of intense happiness
giving yourself the opportunity of ex-
cirig being alone without being lonely.
expectations and desires of others can
ke the place of your own dreams. or
curity that comes from the ability to
isfactlon in your own company.

ay in which one might put feelings of
ness into a better perspective is to ask
if the followittg questions arid try. as
fly as possible. to answer them for
elf. without the pressure of appearing
[or strange or silly to anyone else. is
ness a stigma because we need confir-
or affirmation of ourselves from
‘er person? is it because lturttatt beings
tsl ctively need a rnate'.’ ls it because we
set insecure witltout approval from our
eergor lover? Is it a pure and healthy need"
lul’.:§us|ilt'itii|5 about the answers to these
uegiirrtts - all of the above. irt sortie way or
rtoifjet Nevertheless. being alone should
of  ave to carry .t stigma ‘Society has
rented titttl‘rll conditioning through tithL‘l’liSr
tg and the media. Unfortunately these pro-
osed value systems are not always realistic
earning discrimination itt its tttiist positive
)rm cart prove a valuahlcl step towards pt’r-
onal contentment

And if you feel like you're constantly
ghttng a continuous battle to remain sane.
at albne feel content about who you are. be
ware that we are all iit that battle together.
ustltry to channel those destructive energies
no positive ones.

When you have found the peace that
omes from the self-satisfaction artd growth
fllstening to that inner voice. you are ready
1 share. oit an equal basis. that part of
our elf with a friend. These bonds of friend-
hlp‘lforged at a time you are both growing
I ndwdeveloping. sharing good titties and
l
l
t
l

a

5

i

 

ad. are hottds that cart last a lifetittte. it is
nporiattt to remember that people come to
elationsliips. love. arid friendship. wttlt their
twn expectations and desires attd these can
e used as tlte most positive or destructive
I :trces. Obviously. the choice is ours 'l‘ltct‘e

 

are no scripts irt this drama we are living in.
however bad or good that may seem to be.
This grand old world might be a stage. and
all of us merely players. but there is more to
this metaphor: we are also our own direc-
tors. Whether in the style of Polanski or
Fellini or Spielberg. we can become
whatever we wish to be.

To change one man's mind is to cltartge
the complexion of the world attd a university
is the place where minds are not just chang-
ed but formed. You have the choice to ex—
amine in arty degree of detail everything
fiorit the formation of the earth's crust to the
psychological formation of a child's develop-
tttettt to tire musical composition of
Beethoven's 5th symphony But the fruit of
this search. the expectation this knowledge
tttust fulfill is uniquely yours. only you can
determine its value irt your life.

So you ltave come tltrouglt the trial attd
the greatest expectations of education. love
and friendship have seen the sun and shine
tit memory What then is left you ask? 7 fix
pct'tatitrtt It may still hold fear and hope but
the depth which surrounds these words has
rtteantttg that you culled from
philosophy attd accounting alike You will
take polished ideals and test them iii the
reality of daily livrttg and you will either find
them to be sttortg arid functional or weak
aitd false The grortrtd you ltave spent four
years laying will either ltold yoti in good
stead or cruntple below you This is not a
depressing statement. rather a forward look
at a goal. that as you begin your education.
cart seem too far off to consider as part of
your everyday reality. But the importance of
being able to look ahead. to keep perspec~
tive especially when the going gets rough can
be tlte greatest expectation for the future.

have

Well now. you may have arrived here feel»
ing like Easy Rider. and yort may feel on
leaving more like Henry Kissinger (or vice
versa). in the times to come remember this
fleeting thought. “Lottliness and the genius
of struggle has always dwelt iii the hearts of
pioneers." It may take sortie time to get used
to things here (as anywhere new) arid adapt.
bttt greet this new experience with the tttt~
mortal words of the great writer ilritilUS
Joyce. “Yes i said yes I will Yes "

‘Ittttitti' 

    

"it 't' 'ltlill‘  ’

tttrt till/I'll *

" .~  $1  I
A Brief Tour
A Perpetual Student

.__._. __ __-.__._.___———

 

 

 

 

Waiting For The Sun

 

Linda Qurnn
5 he yawns. stretches. scoops muck from the corners of her eyes and exclaims with

strange amazement - “i expected the su
" n to rise this morning and it didn't - -
Ingway you fibberl One foot to the floor - the hard wood still cool to touchH-etrf‘t-Ie

warmth '
of the sun 5 rays had not penetrated her apartment - chill from toes to nose - the

stirrer tholfst dfoyvn. They adapt quickly - "Oh. where could the sun be? Perhaps one too
are": in this .i°.".’:..°;.:t:‘:.:‘static“; if“ “by”? slums" '° “W” '°' 5'” ‘5
. . . ron us
ﬁltnegslde. angular white pieces of fabric - another shigvgr - litfie bdﬁpzlzr:olldeb:u2alhsilo
g t rown hair along her arms. and the back of her neck - her nipples rot d nSalt t e
proaches the window to close it. she kneels before it. she rests her right elb‘bw w iii e ap-
head on her list. She proclaims to the blackness her disdain of this tastelessotnl ke 5m. her
T2,?“ of the secure surety of her existence. “Filthy. bloody. fucking robbet'fPiow id
you. She lifts her head abruptly from her fist and with fingers still clenched sh k mu
to provoke the obscure murk into a flsttcuffs. The air continues to surge thro f: 1:5"! as "
ing. the curtains continue their dance. she completes her subtle threat to th:9 taupe“.
sigehcrl‘ose; the wipdon/ v'vtth a slam and turns quickly toward her clock to read ttilt:yr'iuerirfb'e‘r:s
a. m not ota y orsaken". She peers into its face a ‘
her heart skip: a beat. she sighs air from her stomach and uggsfllli'fgimit‘im?
Anxioust she circles her room wondering. yet her thoughts are undefined - perh:c rfig '
are not even thoughts - just waves of emotion or sensation - unclear - uncertain bareffﬁ1 ‘ W
on the hard wood floor. Gravity still as it always has been. But for how long? eel 5m
She ceases pacing and slowly seats herself at the edge of her bed - her eyes cm i - h
body entirely still. A warm salty teardrop slowly sails from her left eye over her chzek i ter
the crook of her mouth. She tastes the salt and a feeling of reassurance embraces her Isonulo
Endure" she whispers. She rises from the bed and once again approaches the window:
she opens it. the curtains caper. Upright-vertical she stands before the window the gushes
of wind, now zephyr. Her cheeks gracefuly accept the soft. gentle air currdnts witho t
restraint. She bows her head with respect. , . , r f .' ~ . . v

 

r...

e all have expectations of the
(Wworld. This seems otin natural,

since experience has taught us that
the world is a fairly predictable place with
certain natural laws and recurring rhythms.
Tltere are all sorts of things which we take for
granted because we feel secure irt the
knowledge that the past is a fairly certain

Miles Kurland

guide to what will occur In the future Scien-
tists state with confidence that. tomorrow
falling objects will still accelerate at a velocit I
of .32 feet per second per second because:
objects always have done so when, tested in
the past. We all know this; after all we've
geotten into college and our powers of
asonin a '
heightengd. re supposed to have been
The problem is that a good deal of our ex-
pectations are not always based upon strictl
rational or predictable situations. We ex ecsi
certain specific things of ourselves and erbch
other which may or may not be reasonable
Our expectations are rooted in our strongest
hopes arid fears. and they can distort our
::rceptlon of the world. This is unfortunate
thcause future assumptions will arise from
e tainted perceptions arising from ast
peacttatloirlts in a horrific regress. whichpls ineef'
c sm ar to a hall of twisted and w -
{nlrrors Here is an example - Phil MELT:
ong standing friend Peter for a loan of $25
1;:ter refuses. Phil feels hurt or anng
cocause he expected his good old buddy t:
me through for him (and he really needed

 

tth money quite badly. too.). Phil shuns

 

’1Pefer. leading to'grea

and alienation. There are all kinds til
urtknown variables that feed into ilih siltid'
tiort. such as Peter's finances. l’ltrl's ri‘ititill
for borrowing the money. ctt‘ . ltut iii the
final analysis. Phil's expectation of Peter,
which may or may no. have been irrstiliiibli'.
Caused critical strain between two friends
There will always be a differcill'i’ iii the way
Phil sees Peter now. But Hill has gnarl
reason to be angry at Peter. doesn't lie"
After all. what are good friends for? l’liil's et-
PBClallons of what behavior is appropriiilc
among friends may be radically different
from Peter's. He may deeply adhere to the
tenet “Neither a borrower or a lender be" in
his system of etlttcs he is every bit as much
correct to refuse Phil as Phil may be com't'l
to be angry according to his owrt ethical
system.

To a certain extent. we feel Justified ||| our
anger when the world doesn't conform to
our Preconceptions. Our ego is being
threatened on the most fundamental lcVi’l
We walk around. day after day. feeltrtLi W“
have some sort of handle on what’s gorrtti It”
in the world. and when we are wrong. out
whole model of reality is challenged OllL’”
we lSnore the nagging implication that
Perhaps Phil and Peter can both be right in
some sense. or that perhaps we don‘t alwavS
know enough to form realistic expect-till)!"i
‘ Not that there is anything wrong with
unrealistic' expectations. Prophecies tend to
econie self-fulfilling. arid if we expect more
from ourselves. we might just deliver more
Despite the fact that others may tell its We are
foolish to expect so much. Perhaps our most
damaging expectations are our low 0005-

 

ter misunderstandings
N

    

and-'1 maybe far better to tilt at a windmill

What Do We Expect?

tow artd tlten. than to ttullify our potential
:iy‘unclerratittg it.

Orte problem is that our expectations are
x) strongly linked to our hopes artd desires
that they can cause profound rttisery when
fulfilled. So college wasn't what you ex-
pected it in be? What is it then? We might try
to put some distance between our emotions
ind our expectations. Spend less time ex-
pecting and more time experiencing. For
one thing. while we are smugly assuming
one thing. we might overlook some little
detail that might clue us in that we should an-
ticipate something altogether different.

Prophecies tend to
become self—fulfilling,
‘and if we expect
more from ourselves,
We might deliver more

1 Our expectations derive from our emo-
tonal and rational faculties. both of which
4'9 glorified in song and saga. but always fail
Us in the clinch. Paradox and irony frustrate
rational expectations. and our emotional ex-

Se‘iuences such as depression. it is our
senses that deliver us from the morass of our
confused expectatins. The senses tend to be
sneered at when compared with our 'nobler
faculties'. but it is through those much
Slandered portals that We truly experience
the world. Our emotions and thought color

 

PECtatlons. when gratified. can produce conv

our senses. arid if we pay attention to our
sensory world. we become aware of greater
degrees of subtlety. firte tuning our entrr
tional and rational faculties attd cottfirrttittg
our expectations with reality. Our senses are
subject to error. suclt as when we see a stage
magiciart cut art assistant in half. but that is
the result of a diversion of our senses it
depends upon our expectations of what we
precortceive him doing.

The great writer James Joyce claimed that
he never met a boreIWltat an astounding
assertion! Either you dismiss this statement
with sortie wisecrack (Le. "Well. he never
took Art History") or you cart reflect upon

. the fact that .loyce's methodology was to pay
immense at erttion to details. and doing so.
lie found out every individual has quirks
which make him unique and therefore
fascinating. No one is a bore because
everyone is different. although you may
have to look closely to see it. Our problem is
that our expectations lead us to class certain
types together. and we do this before really
examining the irtdividual. Doirtg this. we
never truly experience them fully (arid miss
alot).

Approaching life with less expectations is a
continual yoga or Zen or therapy. or what-
haveyou. which when applied. can lead to
a fundamentally richer experience of life. it
helps one to become skeptical of one's own
forms of self-delusion. and this will hold one
in good stead. Perhaps expectations are not
(or shouldn't be) great after all. and are

‘ among the things that startd between us artd
happiness (or at least less misery). And one
good consequence of less expectation is this:

 

"Well. what did you expect?"

His voice had a bitter tone and his face was half hide. a fit his morning cup of coffee.

"i expected love. i guess l'nt just...surprised...nnd... a little disappointed."

lfer reply dwindled irtto near silence and merged truth the chorus of bird songs.

Do the birds greet down anew? Are they surprised and delighted? Did they expect night
would neuur end? Had they [arguiien yesterday? is each cloitrring the day for oneself?

nf<t‘t") the target irririgrtl" I'rip Sergeant shouting
black hall rirolihiing on shutting block post

Sloirt tit-uI-lyl fJott't orttlt'iptifcf"

HANG
"You rrtrssctl rrgirtrt.’ \‘ori flrrtcltt'rf.’ You sttrprtf sorto/iihttt'li’ What kind of sofifrut are you

"Siirii'i'm'.’

going to iriitkt'7"'
f‘flL' i‘llflet't,’ flfltf iii-ti yours of college. tr brilliant titrqu (lfltf
ffiiS. gutting irittrl ti'lit’li rlisuppoirttr'cf--r)r going mad

HANG

rli'sctrrcrf bciier tri'ittrrictti than

When planting seeds, do not consider the fruit. I’(ty attention to the needs DI the seeds;

proper handling and soil preparation. Have no fear of failure The corn grows by itself
without worry. ti'ifflOtif expectation.

riertce. (for we have all

There is no need to fear failure. Such fear is based upon past expe
ands of the im-

iailed to fulfill expectations. from time to time) upon realization of the dam
mediate situatiort arid upon knowing the limitations of one's own personality.

The philosopher ltas said. it is a serious waste of time to ponder failure. There is no such
ilting as failure; there cart only be a loss of time. We learn by failure. Do rtot take yourself so
seriously and you will find that you will release yourself for freer and more potent work.

All well and good. you say. Don't anticipate: don‘t expect too much. But how much is
too much?

Well. that depends upon you. and the times and the pi
(and perhaps urtknotvable) factors. Perhaps if we outline some
or-ent ourselves. we may ertcourtter fewer or lesser disappointments from u

ace and upon other. unknown
goals. toward which we may
ttfulfilled expec-
ta tits.

1. Achieve a clear urtderstartdirtg of your owrt personal problems artd the objectives of
your work or task at hand.

" Do your work: perform your task selflessly;
dex eloping more of a sensitivity to the impulses an
let yourself open up to new ideas and less restrictions

3. Pay no attention to “public opinion" or to failure. (this is done by paying close atten-
tiort to your inner voice).

it is rtot easy to overcome the

working less for the love of power and
d vibrations which exist iii the world. i.e.

negative conditioning to which we all have been exposed.
The rewards are great. if you realistically and unconditionally love yourself and love one
arv itlter; there one finds no failure. no disappointment. Expectations become weightless.
l. Pay no attention to “public opinion" or to failure. (this is done by paying close atten-
tion to your inner voice).
It rs not easy to overcome the negative conditioning to which we all have been exposed.
The rewards are great. if you realistically and unconditionally love yourself and love one
another; there one finds no failure. no disappointment. Expectations become weightless.
Nevertheless. to seriously approach these goals with the expectation of full success at first
try is to court disappointment. to indulge in a glamour. to expect too much. As Illustrated in
The Rocky Horror Picture Show. the torture of Antictp. . .ation can distort the perceptions of
the mind. Learn to be at peace within yourself. .
But how is It done. you ask?
Do it. 4v 1 I .

 

 

more suprisesl

 

 

 

 

’ L. Eli/i255; 521‘ '

