 
   

‘~

The Folk/an - Ivln n

 

Rebel 'WithoutA Cause"

 

A.A. Alexander

By what right does great Britain claitn tlte
disputed islands of the South Atlantic? tt
insists upon control of, and sovereignty
over, a group of islands morethan 7.000
miles from tlte British Isles. and asserts at
tlte same time that it is not pursuing a col-
onialist policy.

it is not a question of self-determination
for the islanders. These descendants of
British colonizers are not demanding the
right to determine their own fttttrre — not
at all. On the contrary, they are demanding
that the Britislt government continue to
control the islands, as it ltas done since
1833. All sides agree that the islands should
be placed under the administration of sortie
outside power, but wlticlt one?

The British detnand control from Lon-

don. After all, the inhabitants ot‘the islattds ‘

placed the coionizers there against Argen-
tina’s- will. and Britain was able to do so by
dint of its military and economic tnight.
Had it been up to Argentina. there ttever
would have been Britislt colonization ofthe
islands, and Argentina would ltavc
populated tltem with its own people in-
stead. Btrt the yottng and weak Argentinian
repttblic could scarcely argue with the
British navy. For Argentina.Jhe pro-British
islanders are and ltavc always been an unin-
vited population, in sttpposcd defense of
which Britain now threatens war against the
Argentinian nation and people.

The disputed islands form an obvious
geographic unit with the Argentinian
mainland — and hardly with the British
isles — arid the opinion of 27 ttrillion
mainlttnders must be considered along with

“British rule of the Islands renders them

an enclave. . .

9’

 

are all of British ethnicity. arid rtrlc from
London is the clear preference of the
islanders tlrerttsclves. Bttt sttrcly tlrc Argen-
tinians also have a reasonable ease, as a
quick glance at tile map demonstrates. the
islands lie less thart 300 miles froru At'gctt~
titta — but well over 7.000 miles from
England. ltt fact. the islands lie closet to
Argentitta titan to arty other cotrtttry in the
world — especially Britain.

As for tlte argument regarding the
British-descended population, is it ittdccd a
tatlid"jttstification for continued rtrlc from
London? For ltow tlid that tiny population
of coloni/ers successfully arrive at the
islands and establish tlterrtselves tlterc iii the
first place? Certainly riot with tile consent
or the concurrence of Argentina. Britain

that of 2,000 islanders. British rule over the
islands renders them a colonial enclave, for
which Argentina never asked and about
which it was never consulted. Argentina's
recent actions have been those of a wound-
ed Third World nation, with long and
unpleasant memories of colonial domina-
tion, struggling to regain its just and
legitimate territory.

None of this is to suggest that
Argentina's government is anything other
than a brutal and facist regime — it is such,
without question. But the Argentinian state
— no matter what governtrtent conducts its
affairs —— has the right to preserve its ter-
ritorial integrity.

Britain's movements are a threat to
peace, for an unjust cause.

.ed in the bar." i looked at him itt disbelief
and he then proceeded to say, “stop singing
or you will have to leave the bar." .

Any other person would brush off this
imbecile remark and remain in the bar. lam

not forget such an assinitte action as this
bouncer chose to execute. The situation
would be different if i were inciting a fight
and would be reasonable grounds for evic-
'tlonI but people of Albany State, l was only
singing. I was threatened with being kicked
otrt if i did not stop. This may sound very
stupid but this actually did occur.

All i wish to say is the Long Branch lost a
handful of'patrons that Tuesday night. if
‘the management had half a brain. they
would hire bouttcers who do not have
bloated egos as this one bouncer did. l find
nothing impressive or macho about being a
bouncer in an Albany bar who feels he can
kick someone out of that bar for the mere
act of singing attd having a good time with
good friends. God forbid there be a fight.
That probably would not be grounds in this

sort out.

I still cannot believe this actually occur-
red. i hope future patrons of the Long
Branch just remember that “singing is not
allowed in the bar."

—- James Koury

 

For Heaven’s. Sake

 

To the Editor:

stotnaclt (indeed. with the rcsurgettec of
moral majority types, it is now as common
as air polltttion). However, veiled
discritninatiott coupled with a fanatical,
bovine-eyed determination to i‘oist one‘s
beliefs (that's right .linuny my boy, beliefs),
upon every other tnanttttalian biped is
reprehensible artd an abomination against
the very God Mr. Olsen pul‘ports to serve.
l’arroting biblical aphorisnts does not a
Christian make. Jim, it’s time to turn in
your Dr. Seuss Christiarfprimcr and realize
that others ltold beliefs as viable as those

 

 

 

Singing The Blues

 

To the Editor:

On Tuesday night, the sixth of April. a
few good pals and I went to the Long
Branch Tavern in a jovial mood due to the
cancellation of classes and the ttpcorning
Easter holiday vacation. We ltad plartned
for an evening of good honest fun. Those
plans were rttdcly and unnecessarily inter-
_ -

 

1

rupted by a bouncer who was either iii a bad
mood or he felt important because lie was a
power figure in an Albany bar (Ha, Ha).

’l‘hc'cyent that led to tlte conflict with this
bouncer was not a fist fight. a verbal or
physical attack. btrl singing. My friends and
l were participating in a little tribute to the
late Bing Crosby. We were rtot ltttrtittg
anyone around us. or at least it did not ap-
pear so. This impertinent bouncer threaten-
ed to evict me and my friends if we did not
stop singing. He said, “singing is trot allow-

ﬁ

 
 
   

 
 
  
 

you so fervently (blindly?) espottsc. if you
want to play at being so self-righteous do so
in front of your tttirror or with others of
yottr ilk. i will be damned (note the biblical
allusion) if i will allow sottteortc paying lip
service to Christianity, wltile being little
more titan a sad caricature of that ideal,
dictate to me his or her interpretation of
rigltt and wrong. Believe me, if heaven is
filled with people like you. i want no part
of it.

—- Craig H. Kinsley

Biopsycholog y Dept.

  
 

BRITAIN

 

tseaesvmx

 

not one of these people as such, and i do '

particular bounccr‘s eyes for kicking a per- _

Sanctimony is one thing i cart nearly .

Blame EOP Not Me

 

To the Editor:

Although tam studying in France for the
semester Clifford Thorton's letter to the
editor, “The Wrong Approach” printed in
the ASP (Feruary 2) recently came to my at.
tention. in this letter Mr. Thorton implies
that the ASP and l were Wrong by respec-
tively printing and writing the letter about
Mrs. Nix's unethical proposition. He states
that he believes that i used improper chan-
nels for my complaint.

i believe that the ASP’s editorial section
is an open forum to discuss critical universi-
ty issues and therefore i find no wrong do-
ing on my part in writing to the newspaper.

Mrs. Nix offered me money to do
another student's work and i believe that
the ethics of that offer deserved the scrutiny
they have received. if Mr. Thorton believes
the results are damaging to BOP it is to
Mrs. Nix that he should address his corn-
plaint. it was she who committed the wrong
doing that precipitated this issue. There was
nothing unctltical in my refusal of the offer
nor in my effort to bring it to the attention
of the university comtnunity. it is EOP, not
the ASP nor myself that should be more
careful in the future. When Mrs. Nix
underestimated my honesty slte brought
these troubles ttpon herself. Neither my
silence nor the ASP’s refusal to print the
letter would have changed what site did.
Therefore i feel the only "wrong
approach" itt this unfortunate incident Wits
Mrs. Nix‘s when site approaeltcd tttc.

—Sttlly Liehnttrtt

 

Tipping The Scales

 

To the Editor:
On Mortday. April 5. the University

Senate decided that discrimination on the "

basis of sexual or affectional preferences is
all right, regardless of what official univer-
sity policy states.

As students. we are obligctl to follow
university policy on this carnptts, whether
we agree with it or not. Yet. our owtt policy
makers have just decitled that it is okay for
others to ignore university rules. Why is it
so acceptable for the army to discriminate
on this campus while we would be appalled
by the same behavior from anyone clsc'.’
Suppose the physics department decided to
give scholarships only to heterosexual
pltysics students?

if no ortc else has dared challenge this
policy yet, then we must be the first. Forty
years ago, the Supreme Court allowed
discritttintttiott on the basis of race. 'l'lttrt
policy has been reversed. Isn't it time we
i'L‘L‘OglllZL‘tl all of ottr citiIcns as equal, or is
it as George Orwell said, "All animals are
equal, but some are rttotc equal than

,others."

— Madelyn Kelstein

Fuel For ThoUght

To the Editor:

This is a letter to irttrodttcc to the uuitcu
sity faculty. staffttud off-campus students it
new service soon to he offered in the
('ttpital District. This service. the l‘llL'l
Buyers (irorrp. can sure residential heating
oil coustrtttets hundreds of dollars ill on;
heating season.

 

 

The litth litryct‘s (irotrp, a project of the
New York Public Interest (irottp/(fiti/erts

 

COLUMNS

if you‘re writing incisive
commentary, we’d like to use
it. Drop off columns in the
ASP office, CC 329.

 

 

       
   
 
  
    
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
     
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
   

 

  
  

     
 

 
  

  
  
   

 

 

id» ‘ NV“... H's“. ,... 1‘“ -.~

\
.——.~.. .w. <——. .~4 “a.

.c.-. —\.

 

      

   

\
. .‘u-V hw».....- .«

     
    
   
   
    

    
   
    

 

 

mks.

 

 

 
 

      

 

 

 

 

    
   
   

