 
 

2a /’Febi‘v‘riary 3,4952

 

   

‘.AManO

ell, Its that time of year when the Art: -

senior members of this fine student a) l have a strong interest in working with

body cast their heads up to the crafts and getting college credit for preten-
great Job-God in the sky In search of a ding tobeserious about it.
validation of fouryears of.wasted effort. Yet, b) My COllege came" has 9W9" "‘9 9’"

. to many, this is a time of ridiculous trials and perience'ini painting. sculpture;and justifying

tribulations where the undeserving dogs get anything i do under the pretense of Art.
on-campus interviews (Accounting. Com-
puter Science. Physics) while the rest of the
liberal artists are left to hang in the “need not
applyi'. gallery.

Sebasti neaidweii
Spau ding III

“Fear not. for the only things we have to
fear is Fear itself and the advent of
socialism." FDR once said that but his quote
has been understandably shortened. But the
meaning ls clear: Not to worry about getting
a job when you have expert help in the form Rhetoric and Communication:
of Sebastian's School of Letters. l have taken a) l have a strong Interest In studying a whol-
time out from my own jobhunt. (negotiating ly theoretical subject with very few practical
my starting salary with one of Father's sub-
sidiary firms). and i have decided to write a
short guide to the wayward about getting
your proverbial foot In the door. As it were.
Listed below are some categorized examples
of the ideal letter with spaces provided so
that you can add the comments that pertain
to your field. listed on the right (i know, it Is a
bit simple-minded in Its approach, but then,

so are most of my readers). -

English:

a) l have a strong interest In reading a lot of
books, doing pretentious analyslses of
literature and standing on thin Ice while con-
ducting an Intellectual discussion.

b) My college career has given me ex-
perience in collecting reams of boring paper-
backs. writing very much about very little.

 

 

literature in ‘order to prove a thesis.

grad schools a lot.

b) My college career has given me ex-
perience In Aristotelean philosophy of
Rhetoric. Burkean Pentadic Analysis. and
worrying about finding practical applications
for the above.

Philosophy:

a) l have a strong interest In complex issues
of ethical and theological thought. i also
know the‘ meaning of the word
Epistemological.

b) My college career has given me ex-
perience Inf following endlessly flowing
threads of thought and coming to no signifi-
cant conclusion.

Accounting:

a) l have a strong interest in writing numbers
down and riding them up in neat. little col-
umns.

b) My college career has given me ex-
perience with boring courses, boring pro—
fessors, writing numbers down and adding
them up in neat. little columns.

 

and ignoring crucial facts about works of.

applications and considering applying to.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

123 on Campus Street
Albany, NY 12203

The Charity lnsur

“n i
555 Fifth Avenue‘ W.
New York. NY l0t)22

Company

Atin: ‘
Mr. Softlieari. Personnel Director

Dear Sir.

i'zglgld like to introduce myself to (na
Jyee. will be r. '
May M”, a degree g 1duatiiig from th

in ' .
particularly Well 5”“ (Insert appropriate

ed to (list name 0/ e
l have a strong tnie

my broad. mu“

ma
ke a valuable contribution to

i would like to
will he in your
Please contact

meet with you to better do
area during the

next few W
0
me 5“ We can u

rake
Sincerely,

Joe/.la ne P. Desperate

Enclosure: resume

Psychology:
a) l have a strong interest In analyzing
anything and everything to death.

b) My college career has given me ex-
perience In conducting moronic. marathon
conversations about petty aspects of human
behavior and the complete Inability to accept
things at face value.

me o] the firm
9 State
degree). Such an
mp/oynienl field).

rest i ' ., r
""56" ﬁne B). Wm] n (insert lin:r 3).!ij cone
' 5Cpine
(name nf/lrm).

monstraie m
eks and wtl
arrangements to e

      
   
 
  
  
   
    
     
     
 

) lth‘ C“ iSK (iii! i is
U r l l I l
riversiiy Of New YUM it A i | l
I i It It»
rlCrlLl(’f iiC lirlt lt'l i

go career has qtve
d background. l '

it me L’X,li.‘llt’lli r' n

run Confident that li a
l l

 
 
      
 

y abilities and
l be availablo
KCliaiige

qualifications l
I most of the
information

       

llilii'

        
 
  

    
    

Sociology:

a) l have a strong Interest in things Illlli‘i llirili
academics.

b) My college career has given the l"
perience In doing comparitively littli- \‘Jiiil-
and justifying It to my peers.

SLiCh Teeth, Dear, But Litle Bite

hlle listening to Nick Lowe's
newest. the Knife, one cannot

change. it was certainly a busy year for him,
highlighted by two major events: his mar-

help but sense that something is
missing. The change in the performer's
songs stems from a shift in attitude. Gone are
most of the fun-loving lyrics. both blatant
(“Switchboard Susan") and not so blatnl‘ii
(“Roller Show“). But the most important ele-
ment missing from Nick the Knife is passion
—— In both lyric and tune. Lowe Is now play-
Ing the hopeless romantic. leaving much of
his pure. gutsy feeling to lie In the rock pile.

 

Robert Edeistein

 

The perfect example of this change can be
heard in his remake of "Heart." This version
combines reggae and country backbeats and
an echoing guitar as a base for Lowe's near
whispering vocals. Yes, the tune is a love
song. but in this case it has been reduced it
the minimum. Listening to the tune leaves
one yearning for Dave Edmund‘s strumming
and Billy Brenner's Intense singing.

The overriding tone of this album causes
one to reflect upon Lowe's life In this past
year In an attempt to locate the reason for

riage to rock and country singer Carlene
Carter. and the rise and fall of Rockpile.
After several years of contract fulfillment, the
music Industry reveled over the official for—
mation of what runny called “the world's
greatest band." Their break-up after one
album (because of Sit‘CﬂllL’Ll f'artistic dif-
ferences") left the four members to pursue
Individual projects once again.

Although most of Rockpile is back for this
album. the notoriety is missing. Lowe seems
to have gone back home after a short stay In
the limelight. The problem is that his home.
in a musical Sense. has been redecorated.
Song titles like “Let Me Kiss Ya." “Couldn't
Love You (Any More Than i i)o)." and
“Too Many Teardrops" reflect the musical
and lyrical content of these numbers perfect-
ly. You yearn for another “American
Squirm" (from his second album. Labor of
Lust). Here. however. you end up squirm-
ing in frustration.

On the plus side of the balance sheet.
Lowe lras written and produced some very
fine. fast-moving songs. “Burning” has a

 

 

   
  
  
  
 
 
 

Faculty Showcase Series

_ Presents Findlay Cockrell

" Violist Susan St. Amour

with
Soprano Anne Turner

And

  
 

 

Saturday At The PAC

  

  
   

hopping drum beat and interesting guitar
work. as does "Ba Doom." The latter is by
far the most Interesting tune in the package.
with its bluesy opening and 1‘)5()'s-style bass
vocalslts fun lyrics (You've got a smile like a
scarchlight") make It a welcome throw back
to some of the more creative tunes on
albums one (Pure Pop For Now People) and
two.

"My Heart Hurts." Co-nuthored by Carter.
combines the pleasant sounds of Lowe's two
previous hands —— Rockpile and Brinsley
Schwarz -— while leaving out the lead guitar
as melody maker. Finally. “Zulu Kiss" has a
good mix of guitar and brush drumming.

However. when you listen to these songs
one at a time. the problems seem to jump
out emphatically. Lowe‘s vocals on! best
when the proper mix combines his own lead
and hacking voices. With the exception of
“Zulu Kiss." this mix is nowhere to be found
Aside from this. “Stick it where the Sun
Don't Shine" finds Lowe blatantly copying
the rift In Creedence Clearwater Revival‘s
late 1960's hii “Green River." And "Raining
Raining" is the first out-and-oui AM radio at-
tempt I've heard from Lowe. it's bad enough

 
 

..

y.
be tried it. but thank God It doesn't Wtitli
Nick Lowe may just gain a whole new wt
of fairs from Nick the KnI/e. but they will l't'l
tainly be different from those he's had ili llI-
past. Lowe is loved by those with a tasty for
passion. He used to sing with jitiSNlliii tlII
first version of "What's so funny 'borit l't’rll v
Love and Understanding." and such turn-~-
as “Switchboard Susan") write with passion
("So it Goes" and "American Siiiiirin") nIIil
produce with passion (Elvis Costello album»
one through six). But now it St‘ﬂilb as if thu
one-time SUll‘pTUCliilllit‘Ll “Jesus of ('I'I'l”
lras been hit with a romantic shot of low
The future effects of Lowe's new attitude I|'
main to be seen. But all one can St’t' lioul
Nick the Kill/e ls hm much pleasure and not
enough pain. And for the sake of the inh'li
“19 iilldlcitft’ (and hopefully the artist m
well). it would be very cruel of me to by kind

 

pEREfJFCTTV‘é—s”

     

every friday in aspects

 

  
 
   

 

-. ‘._.r  ;

 

i
i
.

«om-pr:

 

_ .ru .-

 

 

 

1981: C511

   

 

. February 5, 1932 Was

 

- I

 

 

he year of the Stones. In the minds

of most music fans. 1981 will un~

doubtably go down as the year that
world's greatest rock and roll band proved
itself all over again. A new‘found maturity,
and lots of ballsy. soulful r‘n'r reminded us
that the Rolling Stones will always be the
epitome of what rock can do. aird their Tut-
too you LP and subsequent tour will become
a focal point for future rock historians.

F Craig Marks 

Contrary to popular opinion. though.
1981 was not just the year of the Stones. it
was a year that saw New Wave continue its
gradual downsllde because of an overabun-
dance of dance-oriented rock and more and
more American new music groups coming
into the critical limelight. As usual. heavy
metal (not so bad) and bland MOR (yucchl)
dominated the retail charts and most of our
AM radios. The Austrialiau group AC-DC
seem to have laid claim to the heavy metal
throne last occupied by Led Zeppelin. and it
Is an honor well deserved.

Most important. though. was the Impact
that black artists had on the music of 1981.

' and the ten best that We listed here is an in-
dication of just how seriously this music has
affected what We listened to.

Now naturally. since i am not a profes-
sioiral critic, I don‘t have the luxury of having
complimentary records sent to me in ex-
change for reviewing an LP. Therefore. the'
vinyl listed here are all records that i went out

 

The 10 Beat

1) X“— Wild Gin

2) Grandmaster Flash and the

Furious Five — "Wheels of Steel"

(12")

3) Rolling Stones — Tattoo You

4) Liux — Intuition

5) Black Uhtuu ~-- Red

o) Roseanne Cash -» Scoen Year

Ache

7) DB's — Stand for Decibels and

h’epercussion

8) Rick dairies —* Street Songs
Teena Marie »~ it Must Be Magic

9) Engliin Beat ~~ Wha'ppcn

iti) Psychedelic Furs — Talk Talk

Talk

 

(hr-(ii
Funky
(12")

 

 

and paid for. Since my personal income was
near or below zero all year long. i wasn't able
to buy as much as i would have liked to. and
l‘m sure i missed quite a few notable releases
(biggest regrets for not owning: Glenn Brati-
ca. DAF. and a whole host of Singles and
twelve inch discs). Speaking of regrets. I still
haven't forgiven my boss for making me miss
The Jacksnn's show at the Garden this past
summer. But even with the absenco of any
new Michael J material in '81. as Frankie S.
sings. “it was a very good your "

The top llilk't‘ tt‘I'iIitls on tho list (and

 

Kid Creole —— Going Places

Foreigner —— "Urgent" (45)

 “(as (Not Was) w Was (No! Was)

‘ ‘- Phil Spector's Chris-trims Record
‘ (Rerreleast'd)

Tlu1 Lyres —- L' f’

Toni-Tom Club —~ “Genius of Love"

record (usually he just formulated the rap.
and the Sugarhill Gang did the music). and
the result is turntable genius. One of the
things that makes rap so Invigorating is that It
Is a totally new idea In music. just like punk
seemed to be back In ’76 and '77. and It
should get even better as It matures, as
evidenced by a newfound political spirit
found in the most recent raps. Still. no mat-
ter where rap goes. the Grandmaster will
always be just that. As rapper Debbie Harry
puts it; "Flash is bad. Flash Is cool."
Traveling down the list you see a con-
spicuous lack of music that Is not your con-
ventional rock and roll; most of the records
would be classified as either New Wave or
disco. The exceptions here are Roseanne
Cash‘s Seven Year Ache. a heartwarming
country LP with pop undertones;
Foreigner's “Urgent ," a freak of a song which
’. was as good as commercial radio got; the
‘ Stones' Tattoo You. and the very merry Phil
Spector X~Mass Album (Re-released thanks
to CBS). Most of the music on this list could

The 10 Real

Glam ‘1“"95 _ Mg’l'lcl“bblngw .l - ire heard primarily in the clubs, which slowly
B“”9”5 " _ I“, ' “MI I ‘U' and surely are becoming the place for New
Billil'5lli’5 (45) ' ‘ Wave music. and subsequently making

dance music the only New Wave that
becomes heard. The dB's are an excellent
example of a band who. despite two near-
perloct pop albums. have been unable to
gain recognition outside of a small circle of
critics and followers. ‘

Pop music' in its various forms is still my
personal fave. and this Is why black music Is
such a joy. its oft-ridiculed lyrics and cons-
tant repetition do not make for real serious ‘

i's »— Beniin and the Beat
4 plus 1 ~ "That's the Joint"

 

 

possibly the lilai’li llhuiri) nro the only tillc‘.

The B

've tried to hold off writing a ten

I best list for as hint; as possible. but
sini‘o wc'ii' now into lllt' second

month of the new your waiting any longer
seems a bit futilu 'l'lni it’r'ISttli for my pro-
crastination Is that I haven't. as yet. been
able to find ten inoyius to put or a list In
fact. at this point I would have buei. more
than willing to settle Ioi nine or even night.
but no such luck. so a qualified seven will
have to dr_i__w A_

Mark Rosgie—rw_l

 

 

Everyone in 1081 seemed in be hiding
their time making junk iuovu-s just to keep
their names in the paper. Surely .lill

which I feel in . haw any sort of lasting irir-
piussii in on music although it is certainly too
early to be sure Wil.l Gift from L./\.”s X has
a romantic urgency that has kept it on my
Inintable from the moment it came out; the
harmonies bump and grind. conveying llII‘
emotional bondage between lixene and
John Doe. and on the bottom is original junk
rock. pure and simple. without ntiy ol the
nostalgia and phoniness that much of iriilny's
New Wave “roots” rock is so full of. This is
rock as true {IS the Rolling Stones. and
because of it's urgency and pa nIIiII. it is the

listening. but llIt'iI again. this isn't the opera.
if you know what I mean. This is rock and
roll. sloppy and spirited. Joy Division. prov
bahly the bust group to emerge front the
punk rubble. has inadvertently set off a truly
patlnvtu- brooding music for
bionding's snku. Fortunately there are
iiioups from Luglnnd like Linx (my substitu-
tion for the missing .lncksnn's record) to
counteract this 'llio upbeat originality evi-
(lt'iil this war on black radio and In many
Iit'ui Aini-iican bands will hopefully keep
rock from falling hack. it might even by

Li

premier Aillt'i'lt‘rlll punk album

Rap music is probably lhlli'tl by nick an»
tllt‘llt't‘b more than anything t'lSl’ tnilay (two
examples one. the fiasco whim (hand
niasti'i Flash warnunl~np for the (flash nI
Botuls; iiiitl two. a pally l l) .l 'i-il on Dutch
Quad) Most consider it ('Ilitlt‘ and
illtiiiilltiiillii‘i. \vnicli was also an opinion
shared by tho niaioiily of radio program-
nun» "Wheels of Sim-l." though. Is the most
t‘tt'riln't' work of PM]. and it is the state of
the art III the rap world Sugaihlll lti'i'orils

trend:

 

liiially lot llrisli (lti his own t'lilllil” on thy i’liiiiiilli l"DIMi ll-ilil‘iltl-

and Leading The Bland

Claybmgh Can do better than first Monday
in October. and Rollover and (in (iolrlioi
l‘otnl nrt’ hardly movie.-v .lnne l-ondn shrilrl
be proud of. in fact of all the major :ulrIlS only
Warren Beriity worked up It his usual loyel

Considering thy independent and foreign
lIlIII distribution III this counny is weak tilltl
llit' big stars lt’l my down. llii' list is sluirlin'
than usunl /\i Iii.ill\.'. only lllr' lil"»l llIit't'
Ilt'St’iUt‘ tItitjliillIlIt'il mi~niioii but a ten bust
list with only thnw movies is downright silly
So l'w.’ rr‘ri'kt'il my brain .‘inti (‘1 illt‘ up with
four others that are worthy of llillt‘

l) Ir’r'ds. This extraordinarily .‘riiiliittous
and successful film is without a doubt llit'
host of the year it is an epic with a biaiii to
match its budget and brilliant perlouuancos

 

Dixon’s Top Ten

1) Prince of the (‘in r a powerful. gripping
haunting drama more of a morality play
than might by exported in a year iil i'sr‘npist
entertainiuuat

2) Raiders of Iln- Lost Ark Steven
Spielberg and (hungr- Lucas wanted to givy
audiences a niovu' of “all good parts" and
they succeeded it'soinitlingly This was the
best legal llriiil III twin

3) Lh‘illipoli illiltllil'i sui‘i'vss hour
Australia and a lesson III I
ginitl movie for lilIIli’I 'ixfiti million .

row to make a

4) Rails  I can't say anyliiinii that hasn't
'rlrcady been said but this is ivally as good

as everyone snys fl is

5) A" AliiL‘t'n‘tuI Werewolf in London
what can i say" When a film is this unique

 

you have It) mention it

ti) Arthur h an actually funny i‘oriiedy that
wasn't nfiaiil to admit it's butter 'o by Hill
than poor .lohn (llt'ltililtl slioulil gi'i iiii
()Nt'rii. biil probably won't

7) fine ('inili'ssioii .i grail student's
dream Wlllt‘li. HII||IIIHI i-i /. turned out lulrt'd
good lliti\’ll‘ anyway

.

H) Stijio'iririn lf
» Il I‘ as juslr lo' it

it i know what to any

U) [flout-Uni - maybe you how to lH’ a
l)t’l’i|l|lid fan to .rppi'i‘iate it. but this was a

lliiIllt’l‘ (or adults

Iti) Whose Life is if. Anyway? -r better in"
ting then lCXpL‘t‘ll‘ll flour Dtuyluss and a sin ~
prisuigly nn-stngey adaptation of a play, i l

 

 

by liizinu Keaton and Jack Nicholson War
run lieatty is in. .loni'h t'Illit'l. lint his real
iiiiiinpli is as n tliI't't‘llii‘ Consult-ring iuauy
directors have problems handling short.
small budget comedies. it is evou inori- iitl‘
mnrhle that Bt'iilly should into this \Ul’ll on
his solo (llIt't‘lttiliIl ih‘hiii.

2) To (all (.‘niti-r's Way the bust of the
Vlt‘liiriiii movies is to belittle it soon-whirl
luii‘niisi’ it boats out movies in i'Vi-ry integrity
bawtl simply on the sheer intelligence with
\NliICll it was made It takes llii' .rifLSHIIIU-
yearold theme of the loss of the American
“unit” in the Golden Land of ('alifoiriia and
breathes o tin/ding new life into it John
liuoirl Jeff Bridges and especially Lisa
Iiii'hoiii mo wonders to behold

'i) 'I'hii-l is one of those rare movies in
win: h style successfully comes before coii~
tent While .lnnies Chan and 'l‘ucsdny Weld
both give lllit' performances. it is the electric.
styli/r-d direction. cinematogrnpliy. and
seine that were really remarkable.

The tour runners up are Raggedy Man.
Eye of the Needle. Pennies from lleaucn

 

and Body ilvni It’riggody Man is a unique.
small film that l likiI more than anyone else
Hitt'IIIUtl to. mainly because of Sissy Spacek's
pur'orrnancv Pennies from l‘fcnuen is a uni

our large film that makes the list because It

to 1k a lot of chances when almost everyone
t'l‘ut’ is playing it safe and. more importantly.
it maria them work. Eye of tho Needle is
(llitlt' simply the most well-made. purely
commercial film of llll' year; you can have
Raiders o] the Lost Ark. I'll take Donald
Sutherland as a Nazi anytime. I Inclule Body
Ileoi a bit grudgingly. Yes, it was entertain-
ing and clever, but it was also unconstiously
r‘nmpy and full of plot holes. Besides. they
made these movies better In the'thi's. Why
do they need to be repealed? Well. one
reason might be that they didn't have
William Hurt and Kathleen Turner In the
'4ii‘s. it is their charm. not Lawrence
Kasdan's. that make this movie ivork.

There Is 198] In a nutshell, We can oiin
hope i982 fares somewhat better — after
all. It can't be iuucb worse.

 

 

 

.1»
r
r
g.
,
in"
(a?
a

 

 

