 

Wanna—“Sif : We " <

, .

Substance found ,in Anacin

, \ Montpelier, Vt
(AP) Vermonters were being warned Thursday not to take
Anacin Analgesic capsules as state health ofﬁcials checked
to see if a tainted bottle found in St. Albans was an isolated
incident.

Health Commissioner Lloyd Novick issued the warning
late Wednesday night after tests found that an identiﬁed
substance was added to three capsules of the Anacin pro-
duct.

Two St. Albans women—both members of the same ‘
household—complained of fever and upset stomachs after
taking the capsules.

State ofﬁcials were waiting for the results of further
testing by the federal Food and Drug Administration
before deciding whether to order thelrcmoval of the pro-
duct from Vermont stores.

The tainted capsules were purchased at the Grand Union
in St. Albans in mid-October. Health ofﬁcials have already
checked the store where the capsules were purchased and so
far have found no other abnormal bottles. Novick said.

Other St. Albans stores were now being checked.

Trick-or-treating banned,

(AP) Dozens of cities around the nation. fearing deadly
tricks in their children's treats. are canceling Halloween
doorbelling because of a spreading wave of sabotaged pro-
ducts showing up on store shelves.

Reports of sabotage were widespread Wednesday. almost
one month after the deaths of seven people in the Chicago
area who took cyanide-laced Extra-Strcnth Tylenol. The
tainted products ranged from candy corn to punch and
soda.

On Wednesday the communities of Ascension Parish and
Hammond. La.. Vineiand. N.J.. Providence. R.l.. and
Mogadore. Ohio. became the latest among at least 40 cities
to ban traditional trick-or-treating.

Carey Frederic, president of the Ascension Parish's
governing body. said the ban was “just for this year in
order to prevent anyone from getting hurt or any kid get-
ting any sort of contaminated object."

“With the way the kooks are running around this year.
something needed to be done to keep the situation from
getting out of ltand." he said.

Lehrman seeks upstate

Elmira. N. Y.
(AP) Able-bodied welfare recipients would have to work 40
hours a week doing such things as maintaining parks and
working in day-care centers to get their checks. under a
plan outlined Thursday by Republican gubernatorial can-
didate Lewis Lehrman.

I “The New York State home relief program is a public
scandal." Lehrman told reporters as his campaign plane
headed for Elmira and a speech to a local service club.

While Lehrman was busy campaigning across upstate
New York. his Democratic opponent. Lt. Gov. Mario
Cuomo. was picking up endorsements from several inﬂuen-
tial New York City Jewish leaders and former Mayor
Abraham Beame. ‘

The“ workfare" stance for cutting back of welfare rolls
is expected to help Lehrman in his battle against Cuomo in
traditionally conservative upstate New York.

Lehrntan aides have said the candidate will spend much
of his time criss-crossing upstate New York before Tues-
day's elections in hopes of building up enough strength to
counteract a heavy pro-Cuomo majority expected in New
York City.

Dow Jones decreases again

New York
(AP) The stock market was mixed in afternoon trading
Thursday as the Dow Jones industrial average drifted
below the 1.000 mark.

Electronic, chemical, drug and energy stocks paced the
losers. while some ﬁnancial and mining stocks turned
higher.

Overall. declines held a 7-6 edge over advances on the
New York Stock Exchange.

Recession rises

Washington, D. C.
(AP) Some 687,000 Americans placed ﬁrst-time claims for
unemployment compensation checks in the week ending
Oct. lo. the third highest level of the recession. the govern-
ment reported today.

The Labor Department’s Employment and Training Ad- c
ministration said the claims ﬁlings. adjusted for seasonal
variations. were 3.000 higher than the previous week's
revised‘level. t , . , . ,

“was the eighth consecutive week in which the initial

fltif'll.."'}'l 7".'."li‘t> tact grip“.

Adios. amigos ,

SUNY Brockport has announced that openings are still
available in their spring semester intensive Spanish pro-
gram in Cuernavaca. Mexico. Any student with a cum of
2.5 or above and at least sophomore standing may apply.
There is no language prerequisite. Cost of the program is
not much higher than that ofa semester in New York. and
all ﬁnancial aid is applicable to this program.

Deadline for applications is November is. interested?
Contact Judy Plant at the SUNY Brockport Ofﬁce of in-
ternational Education at (716) 395-2ii9.

 

Get merry with Mario

Fireworks. food and contirtotts entertainment will all be
part of the “Old Fashioned Political Rally" to be held at
Empire State Plaza today in support of gubernatorial can-
didate Mario Cuomo. The rally—complete with oidtlme
25 cent beer and wine-wiii begin at 3:30 and run until
7:30. Cuomo himself is expected to join in around 6.

Holds held

Notice: The Ofﬁce of Student Accounts has placed a
“hold” on prc-registration permits for those students
who ltave an unresolved account for any semester prior to
fall i982 and tltosc with incotnplctc ﬁnancial packets for
the current session. A computer printout of all student ac-
count “holds” has been posted on the glass enclosure
located by the University post office. To avoid delays in
registration. students are urged to resolve any "holds" as
soon as possible. Problems will be ltandlcd at the Student

 

 

claims level breached the 600.000-levei considered by

 

Accounts ltall counter by use of the Student inquiry form.

Jawing on...

The third reading in the "Jawbone" series will feature
the work of Joe Bocchi attd Judi Kavaney Wednesday.
November 3. from noon to one in the Humanities lounge.
The two are collaborating on a special work for this
reading as well as reading from their own works.

Bocchi. a journalist since l977. had his ﬁrst fiction
piece publisltcd in Twilight Zone Magazine last April.
Judi Kavaney. formerly a professional nurse. will be
reading several patient poems from her series in progress.
CItronieaI/y III with Class. as well as excerpts from her fic—
tion.

private economists as the signaling further rises ill the na-
tion's overall unemployment rate. which stood at a post-
World War ii record i0.l percent in September.

Most economists predict another rise in the jobless rate
for October. when figures for that month are released by
the Bureau of Labor Statistics on Nov. 5.

Marines are coming home

Beirut, Lebanon
(AP) The U.S. Marines began rotating their forces in Beirut
today and the troops that have made two trips to Lebanon
in the past three months may be sailing for home in three
days. .

Groups of Marines could be seen toting their gear toward
helicopters at Beirut airport. and one of them heading for a
chopper shouted over his shoulder the Marines most fer-
vent wish was to be “home by Thanksgiving."

Wagner explained it would take three days to exchange
the almost l,200 men and l80 vehicles of the present task
force for an equal number of men and machines from the
new unit.

“They're shooting for Thanksgiving." Wagner said.
“That’s going to depend on the wash-down and the
weather.

He added that ifit were up to the men. they'd sail today.
"They were supposed to be back in the States by now.
They're ready."

Reagan defends program

(AP) President Reagan. on his final midterﬁrasgtiiph’iyr‘i
journey. defended his economic program today and C0§l~
tended his opponents “sometimes sound like they don’t
want a recovery. Their only concern is for a political vic-

 

 

campus Isa-lets

‘ Who’s on ﬁrst

Nominations are currently being sought for the I933
edition of Who's Who Among American Universities and
Colleges. Students may be nominated by university
departments. student organization heads. or through self.
nomination.

Matriculated juniors. seniors and graduate students are
eligible for consideration. Criteria include scholastic abili-
ty, participation in extracurricular activities. service to
the university and future potential. SUNYA has been
assigned a quota of 48 by the national program.

For further information. call the Office of Student Ar.
fairs at 457-4932.

Med techies, take note

Mr. R. D'Albcrto. director of the School of Medical
Technology. will present an in-depth workshop for all
students interested in medical tech as a career. Job oppor-
tunities. the medical technology program. pay scales and
other aspects of tile profession will be discussed.

The workshop will be given Ttlesday. November 2, at 7
pm in Biology 248. All interested are invited.

Are you interested in studying in China? The Office oi
international Programs will be holding a meeting for in-
terested students Wednesday. November 3. at 4 prrt ill the
Humanities Lounge. HU 354. A former participant of iiit'
program will be on hand to show slides of China and
answer questions about tlte program. For more informa-
tion. call the Office at 457-2678.

icing on the Cap

Sharpen up those blades! The Empire State Plara Ice
Rink will be opening for its sixth season Monday
November 1. And. in keeping with custom. the first Lilly's
skating will be free.

The rink. located at the north end of the Plaza near the
Capitol. will be open seven days a week. except some
holidays. Normal admission is $1.00 for adults and 50
cents for children. Skate rental is $1.00, and lockers illL'
available.

For reservations. hours and other information. call tllc
rink at 474-6647.

is your absentee missing?

if you've had problems obtaining an absentee ballot. cort-
tact the NYPiRG office immediately. Some County
Board of Elections. especially Suffolk. have processed
absentee ballot applications before the registration form,
invalidating the application. But never fear, just tell it to
NYPlRG and they'll fix it in time for you to cast your

 

 

 

ballot. J

tory."

At a campaign rally. Reagan boasted he has "already ac-
contpiished a minor miracle: We've pulled America back
from the edge of disaster."

He said he had made great progress in dealing with four
of the “ﬁve worst economic problems that we in-

herited-runaway spending. runaway taxing. double-digit
tnilation, record interest rates and high unemployment."

Though unemployment has worsened since he took of-
fice—national joblessncss is NJ percent—Reagan said
falling interest rates “will drive unemployment back down
to single digits. too. And then we’ll have delivered to
knockout blow to the recession once and for all.

The president urged Americans to “vote for your hopes.
not your fears; note for your children's future. not for tile
return to a failed past."

Freeze may cause war

Washington, [)1 ‘-
(AP) Defense Secretary Caspar Weinbergcr said Thursday
*1 SPCCCh by Soviet president Leonoid i. Brezhnev
underscored the need for American voters to reject resolu-
trons calling for an immediate freeze on nuclear weapons.
Said"! he was worried about the way the voters will L40
next Tuesday on nuclear freeze resolutions in rtinc states.
Wetnberger told a news conference that “we feel tllc
passage of a freeze would increase the danger of war."
The proponents of these nuclear freeze resolutions
believe that such a step an immediate bilateral halt in
lcftllns. Production and deployment of nuclear weapons
wrli reduce the risk of war. artd increase the prospects for ‘1
U.S. Soviet nuclear arms reductions agreement."
Weinberger said.

 

‘ .Igtff-‘e‘j .

‘t

7 i
it

 

,..,..._.... _.  ._‘.......

 

 

 

OCTOBER 29. I982 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Former terrorist lliliranda defendsPuertoﬂico

 

By Joan Lengyel

“i'd shoot them until they caught me." said Puerto
Rican nationalist Rafael Cancel Miranda in a LC i9 speech
last night. By "them" he was referring to the U.S. Con-
gressmen he and other Puerto Rican terrorists shot and
wounded on March 1. 1954.

Miranda was released from U.S. prisons in l979. after
serving a 25-year sentence for the Capitol Hill shootings.

DUring his 25-year conﬁnement. Miranda claims to have
bcctt beaten with baseball bats. to have had his teeth kicked
out and to have been put in prolonged isolation. Now a free
man. Miranda contends “they broke tny teeth and my
mouth but they didn't break my spirit."

“I did it for love. For the love of my people. the Lutirt
people." he said of why he helped shoot down the Con-
grcssman.

Miranda explained that the Pttcrto Rican flag was his on-
ly ﬁag. He said that even now ltc can feel pressure from the
American government. He claimed that "my phone is
taped and police follow my wife when she goes to the store
to buy a loaf of bread."

He advised to “respect other people but make sure they
respect you.“ and said ltc will be as good to anyone as they
are to him. He would die for the American people. ltc said.
but wouldn‘t “kill a fly for .i.i’. Morgan or large Anterrcrm
corporations which lie fccls has “held Puerto Ricttns down
by economic cortcitions."

Miranda thinks that till clitcst Amcricun conception is
that “Puerto Rico was not a civilized country until the
.v\tncricttns ItL'L‘tllilL‘ intcrcstcd itr it. That they were still run-

"Puerto Ricans never should imitate anyone. They
should be proud of who they are." he emphasized. “Not
like Americans where it's 'monkey see. monkey do.’ and if
you don't like everyone else people are suspicious of you."

He said he wanted to give his lecture in Spanish and have
a translation. bttt out ofcourtesy for English speaking peo-
ple he spoke in English with a thick Spanish accent.

The audience was very responsive to him. greeting him
with a standing ovation. laughing at his jokes attd ap-
plauding frequently during the speech. A question as to
whether Martin Lutlter King‘s or Mahatma Ghandi's
pacifist methods would be more effective than terrorist ac-
tions seemed to make Miranda a bit solemn.

“i wish i could do it like that. Bttt. we‘ve tried
everything. i love your thoughts and what's in your heart
but it won‘t work.” He quickly regained his spirit with. “it
took a lot more than Mahatma Ghandi to free lndia. Tltcrc
was a long struggle that we don't hear about."

Miranda stressed that he was not a hero and was a very
peacful man. He was even going to be a priest before ltc met
his wife. But. “being peaceful and an idiot are two dif-
ferertt things." Puerto Ricans speak English. cclibrute U.S.
holidays and know U.S. history instead of Puerto Rican
history. Miranda thinks all this goes to show U.S. brain-
washing.

Miranda oi'fcrctl ttttyonc in the audience "to shoot him if
he hits said anything that wasn't true." The presentation
was sponsored by the Puerto Rican ludcpcttdcncc SolidariA
ty Allittncc tl’RlSA). litter/rt l.:tlittu. and the Puerto RiL‘itll
(‘ttrrihbcan .md Latin Studies department. A collection Wits
taken up ill the curl of the lecture to hpr pay for Miranda's

 

 

k

SUSAN ELAINE MINDICH UPS
Peerleﬂtcaapallsnalist .Rateetmlrsnéa

 

 

rtinp :trountl itt Ioincloths."

iii iiC'l‘ile ’82 amelioration

trip brick to l’ut-rto Rico.

‘I'ulil lllt’ llllf/it’lit‘t’ In .yittm/ him [file #01].

 WWWNQ“

Candidates clash ideas in gubernatorial race

 

 

Liberal Democrat Mario Cuomo
[lax won support of students

Cuomo ahead in polls

Awrﬂliy Mark Hammond
.\ Fl)th IR

 

“Mario Cuomo - the better you know
hitn. the more you know he‘s better for
Governor." 'l‘htrt's onc of tire crttcltpltrnscs
thc Cuomo campaign has bccrt using.
l’rtstcd amid the announcements littering
the bulletin boards on campus. it’s ii phrttsc
attempting to wirt thc tttlcntion -‘tiiltl sup—
port - of SUNYA students.

The Democratic Cuomo litiS bccn endors-
ed by SPAC (Student Political Action
(‘orttrrtittec). a branch of SASU. Upon be-
ing drilled by SASU President and SPAC
chairman Jint Ticrrtey on higher educa-
tional issues. Cuonto responded favorably
and was given it perfect "A" by SPAC. Tltc
corttrrtittce concluded that Republican
Lewis Lehrman ltas “failed to do his
homework" on college issues.

Ctrorrto supports student voting right in
college communities. he believes that part—
tint.- students should be eligible for finan-
cial aid. and backs the creation of a State
slttdt'nt program to offset federal aid cuts.
l.ti.tll‘all had no answers to these ques
tions.

.hr- Cuomo campaign is touting their
ilh’lill candidate’s l979—82 role as Lieute-

 

DEAN BETZ ASP

nartt Governor as it great advantage itt ex—
perience over the businessman Lehrman.
Right trow. he enjoys an eight-point lead irt
tltc popularity poll over l.ehrmrrn._Cuomo
is dttc irt Albany today with his wife to
speak at tile Sililc Capitol. He will be witt-
ding down a three-week upstate tour to
gttrncr support in the predominantly
Republican ttpstttlc region.

A Qttccns ntttivc, (‘uomo considers
himself a main of "compassion." and cott-
scqucttliy an crtctny of Rctrgztnotnics. In
campaigns he has emphatically addressed
the issues of tltc undcrprivilcdgcd - the
.cldcrly. the disabled. the Vietnam yctcrttns.
:rninorilics - and sludcttts. l-lc contcttds it
ILCl‘It'Itiilil victory is a Rcttghnn victory. and
predicts ccortorttic and moral “disaster” if
it happens.

This year. Reagan‘s cuts have parch and
delayed financial aid to thc poirti that some
students may find it economically impossi-
ble to finance art education. To pnrry this.
Ctronto favors a reinvestment in New
York's financial aid system. one he says
already “ has had a better record titan most
states. We can be proud of the fine SUNY
and CUNY system  and of TAP."

“Should students be givctt an active role
in the SUNY budgetary process" was a
question put to Cuomo by SPAC. He
answered yes. agreeing that a J to

Lehrman big spender

 Chili; Greenfield

[982 is a big year for Lew l chrmnn. Win
or lose itt his bid for Ncw York Stutc (iovcr—
rtor. Lehrman hats trlrcudy laid dowrt $ll
million irt .t campaign hlil/ to overtake
LiClIlL‘lltlill tiovcrnor Miit‘il) ('uorno.

Tire Republican l.chrmrtn is the soft—
spoken candidate with little political cx-
pct'icncc. He‘s the dank horse in red
suspenders. the new face ltc hopes people
will respond to and vote in for it “big
change" itt Ncw York politics.

Lehrman is tltc millionaire owner of tire
Rite Aid Corporation. He set rt record for
money spent irt at primary irt which he
trounced l’ttttl ('trrrun. Now. ltc far s it
tough httltlc ttgttinsl the vclcrttn politician
Cuomo, whosc campaign revolves around
“cxpcricncc rtrortcy can't buy."

Lehrnutn tttkcs a conservative position on
issues such as, the economy, cr irnc. ccnlogy
turd social wclfrtrc. llc hats focused on the
ttccd l'or tut “cconomic rnrtnugcr" lib
(iovcrnot.

The Republican hopeful suys his Illtiill
goal as Ciovcr nor is to ct'ctttc |()().()()t) rtcwl

 

 

Republican Lew Lehrman
Governor should be "economic manager. "

jobs a your and “create a competitive
business climate." Hc is concerned about
New York's high attrition rate. with 50 per-
cent of those [eating migrating to neighbor-
ittg SitiiL‘b.

Slrikittgly similar to Rcugnnomics.
Lehrman proposes to “reduce the tax
burden on all working New Yorkers." And
irt accordance to Rcttgun's thv Federalism.
Lehrman htts slt'csscd the "responsibility of
state government is to help control locatl cx-
pcrtditurcs." He proposes an extensive
reevaluation of \ltllt.‘ aid. including it reform
of Medicaid guidelines.

State aid currently ncglcctx local govern-
ment. claims Lehrman. tntd supports
legislation to equitably \illil'c state revenue
with rutul tll‘L‘ilS.

As it chublicun tiotcrnor, Lehrman
would be on the otltcr end of Reagan's New
Federalism stand which proposes to rcirtvcst
state governments with powers held by lltc
licdcrnl government for the post CClilllf)‘.
New Federalism rttcttns. supposedly. hm
go\crunrcrrt. which irt turtt means Icsy
rttoncy. lt‘lii'liliili supports a talk cut for
working-class New York. targeting tltc cuts
specifically at smaller businesses and forms.

| chrmun failed rttisct’ubly irr tl tcst put to
hint by SPAC (Student Political Action
Contrnittcc). SASU's political arm. When
questioned by 5. SU l’rcsidcnt .litn i‘icrncy
on slttdcnts‘ right to vote, state-funded slu-
dcrtt loans. studcrrt participation irt tltc
SUNY budgetary process and equal

rcprcscttttttion on (.‘ttntpus Auxiliary Scr-
viccs like UAS. l.chrntan ltud no answer.
Si’AC chided Lchrmztn its “failing to do his
homework" on student issues and gave ltirrt
a solid “if.” Meanwhile. Cuomo won their
‘ frtvor nrtd it perfect "A."

However. Lehrman does propound the
need for reform in social welfare and educa-
tion. He considers new and improved state
mental facilities a rttust. citing the creatiort
of new jobs by these facilities. in addition.
he opposes conversion of state hospitals
and elderly homes to prison spaces.

in calling for the creation of a Long
island Water Commission. Lehrman said
“the goal that should be shared by state and
local governments should be clean water
and economic development" for that
region. Lehrman has also proposed the
need for new laws concerning the dumping

13>

 

.rew... ..

 

y..~.——.A_ _‘ >... - —
"WM...

 

 

