H aﬂn‘w an... .~.,..‘,

iL

 

. (Getting;

 

' Central American
Paralysis

Todd Tapasak

United States efforts to respond to
revolutionary change ' in Central
America reflect a track record of pro-
grams characterized by confusion, in-
consistency, indecision, and a general
absence of clarity in pursuing what is
called “vital U.S. interests" in the
region. “Vital interests" has tradi-
tionally been a key phrase in the lexion
of the Washington Establishment, but
attempting to define it becomes a dif-
ficult task, especially in light of U.S.—
objectives in El Salvador. The Reagan
administration's recent decision to pro-
vide an extra $55 million in emergency
military aid to the troubled nation may
have cast the United States into a
deeper state of paralysis than expected.

Since January i980, United State's
policy makers have conveyed the im-
pression that they are less concerned
with tile development of constitutional
democracy in El Salvador and more
preoccupied with the Cuban tltreat in
the isthmus region. Because their
rhetoric about the Cubans has not been
accompanied by any formidable, tangi-
ble actions, a sense of prestige may
very well have found its way into the
mind of Fidel Castro. Similarly, the
failure to be responsive in El Salvador
has most likely reinforced the morale
and perseverencc of the leftist guer-
rillas themselves. Furthermore, if what
is happening in lil Salvador is tlte result
of decisions tnadc itt Moscow, then
perhaps Brezhnev is smiling also.

The rccrtrrent fear expressed by State
Department officials over Central
America is a new variation of the old
domino theory. Many observers argue
that failure to limit Crtban influence in
Nicaragua, to prevent radical victories
in El Salvador and Guatamala, and to
deal effectively with the econonric pro-
blems of Honduras and Costa Rica,
would deal an irreparable blow to U.S.
prestige throughout the hemisphere.
What has been lackittg is a definite

commitment by the United States to
support political and financial alter-
natives to violent revolutions of the far
left or the the brutal repression by the
entrenched right. in fact, Central
America’s problems are critical, and
the time left for dealing with them in a
peaceful, democratic manner is ex-
tremely short.

The $55 million military entrance-
ment package, which includes the
replacement of military aircraft
destroyed during a guerrilla raid upon
an airbase, will bring total U.S.
military aid for El SalvadOr to about
$81 million, more than double last
year’s amount. Administration of-
ficials contend they have opted to yo
ntiddlc course between direct inven-
tion, which the public would not sup-
port, and noninvolvcment, which they
believe would instrrc the collapse of the
civilian-military junta and activate the
domino effect. Secretary ot'Statc Alex-
attder l-laig Jr. told the Sctrntc Foreign
Relations Contnrittcc, that Washington
would do “whatever is necessary" to
defeat leftist guerrillas in El Salvador.

The recent financial commitment is
an indication that the R -agan Ad-
ministration fears another Nicaragua,
where rebel leaders promised pluralism
and then began to decentralire power
itt the hands of a chosen few, but that
military and economic aid will provide
the necessary means to defeat the leftist
revolutionaries seems improbable.

(‘eutral Atncrica has consistently
been considered low priority. Crises
sttch as lran, the Afghanistan Inva-
sion, and the presctrt concern over
East-West relations have hampered ef-
forts to forge an effective policy with
El Salvador. Now, however, the ad-
ministration has locked itself into pro-
rttoting a policy which is designed to
slow the rate of change in lil Salvador
but borders on being incapable of af~
feeling the nature of that change. This

 ii

 

Freedom of Choice

 

To the Editor:

Mr. Lerncr’s letter in Friday's ASP
(February 5) attempts to “set straight"
'thc “blind” apostle of ROTC. His at-
tempt to convert students to his posi-
tion fails.

if Mr. Lerner intends to base his
argument against ROTC on the
grounds of violation of academic
freedom, he must first understand the
concept and its ramifications. Webster
defines freedom as, “the absence of
necessity, coercion, or constraint in
choice or action." It could be said that
it is coercive to restrict the choice of
students wishing to participate in
ROTC. Furthermore, prohibition of
R()'l'(.' on these grounds could set a
precedent that w0u|d sttprcss other
political, ctltnic atrd religious groups
already in operation on campus. Mr.
Lcrrter's argument must prove that
ROTC is coercive. I suggest this argu-
ment. Reaganonrics has resulted in less
funding for financial aid and more
funding for military purposes. Inabili-
ty to obtain aid for academic studies
limits the choices one has, eventually
making it necessary for llrat pcrsort to

 

 

type of policy may very easily cattsc the
etnergence of El Salvador as a priority
issue on the U.S. agenda. Being forced
to choose between acceptance of con-
trol over much of Central America by
revolutionary leftists and open in-
tervention by American troops is the
ultimate nightmare of U.S. policy
makers.

While either option entails
disastrous political consequences, cur-
rent international and domestic
political trends may tip the balance
toward intervention. The U.S. has
cornrttittcd itself financially and will
not breach its promise. Officials at the
State Dcpartttrent have contended that
"the decisive brittle for Central
America is trnder way itr lil Salvador."
In an effort to break out of the Central
American paralysis, however, the
enhancement of aid will most likely
prove to be an ineffective option bet-
ween doing nothing and sending itt the
marrnes.

 

College Press Service

 

 

0
enroll in ROTC if his or her goal is to
be achieved.

Mr. Lerner's distinction between
“intended and unintended ends" is
unclear. His argucmnt suggests that
participation in ROTC results in a
“high degree of like-mindedncss.“
When a person commits him or herself
to a discipline. that person is adhering
to its basic guidelines. For cxatuplc,
when a person becomes a student of
law, he or she is taught to tltink like il
lawyer, This trairting creates a certain
degree of like-mindedness, but does
not indicate that that person has
become “stupid and uncritical." ‘lltix
is a moot point that does not advance
the argument. Frankly, Mr. Lerner,
your rhetoric is showing.

— Elizabeth I.. Sttrnir-i

 

Pen Pals Please

 

To the Editor:

Our warmest greetings to you.
Perhaps you will be sttrprised to r’ccciw
orrr short letter. The reason that “U
have decided to drop a few litres to you
is simple -— we would like to Ctillt'sv
pond with people from your bearrtitrrl
coutttry. We suppose that you lltt\t'
yottr own ttttivcrsity magtt/inc or
newspaper in which you could pilliiislt
otrr pert pal request.

You live in a country with unotlrt-r
cttllttrc attd other pr‘Sttnlplitllts l|r.rtr
my own — aspects which make a pen
pal friendship with your people in
tcresting.

Well, there are three of us I
chnck atn 32 years old, rrty \rrtc
Marianna is 29 attd ortr daughter is i.
We live irt Bratislava, the Slmrrk
capital.

We are going to attswcr every lcttu
written in English, German, (Vet-ll.
Slovak, Polish and Russian it" there it ill
be some response to ottr attempt to
create a long lasting friendship. Send
letters to: chnek lirlica, NCl'lltilth
l032, 697 Ol KYJOV, (Tlcchoslortrkitr.

We are looking forward to your rep
Iy and wish you only the best frorn lllt'
heart of Etrropc.

— Ztlenek llrlit'u

 

Bending The Rules

To the Editor:

Due to the scheduling of trty classes
on certain days i am unable to cttl
lunch in the dirtirtg halls. For l|1i\
reason I have signed up for box lllllcllt'\
on these days. The procedure being not
at all familiar to me, l neglected to llllll
irt my order the ttight before my first
box lunch was to be made up. Upon
awakening the next day l t'cali/cd rn_\
oversight and called down to the
cafeteria to see it' a lunch could
possibly be tirade up. The cafeteria to
which l refer is lndian and tltc person
to whom i spoke was Fanny.

Upon explaining my situation to
Fanny. tltc person in charge of the tilllr
his room, site claimed that nothing
could be done. All the box lllllcitcs
were already made and all the \\ or kcts
were engaged itt other work. (’l Ills “as
at 9:l5 in the morning.) ACCtlltlllLL' 1“

 

 

Fanny it was itupossiblc for anyone i”
be taken away from whatever work
they “'L‘t‘c dOing atrd spare t\\ 0 minutes
to prepare a simple sandwich. llmitrt'
worked on the breakfast crew on In
diam Quad before, l know for a fact

 

 

that the place is not constantly running

 

. xxx-mashmw

at full speed and that two minutes
away from another duty would not
have thrown the the entire work force

. off schedule.

Fanny also told me that there was no
way i could come down at 10:45 and
leave with a sandwich because no food
is allowed out of the dining room.
Have you any idea how much food
leaves each of your dining rooms and is
either eaten by friends not on the meal
plan or wasted? l‘m sure you do. l'm
also sure this policy of not allowing
food otrt is to discourage such oc-
curences. However, I am on the plan
and the food is for me and would have
been eaten by me and only Inc. If tltis
were not the case would I have even
bothered going to the trouble of call-
ing? Incidentally, this is ttot meant as a
slander. brrt if the personnel in charge
of dining rootns is presuming to en-
force such rttles so rigidly l suggest that
they not allow favoratism to creep into
their job and allow sorttc people to
walk ortt, in fttll view, with food wrap-
ped in napkins, as l have seen at times.

I won't starve today, l‘ll go and btty
something to eat at the UAS cafeteria
itt the campus center, antl I will be sttre
not to make this error of l'orgetfulncss
ever again. The way i view this event is
that it is just part of the predominant
philosophy of UAS in conducting
business with students. Tltnt being, to
go about under the pretcttsc of serving
the stttdcnts when itt reality tltc
stttdettts arc takcrt ftrll advantage of,
ttot only in the services received bttt in
job conditions as well. But, that is
another point of protest entirely not to
be etttercd into now, What did prompt
the Writing of this letter is my belief
that at times rules can be bent a little itt
favor of those who only desire to get
what they payed for; a little service and
value for their tnoncy. After all, lltc
stttdcnts are the customers, yet all too
often we readily accept what is thrown
at us without complaint. Here then is
mine.

— Mutt A. Neco

 

Van Scan

To the Editor:

We are writing this letter to express
cortcern about what we consider a ma-
jOr flaw in Student Association polity
regarding the use of the S.A. van.

The S.A. has secured a you which is
available for use by sttrdettt grorrps.
Any group wishing to rcrtt the van
mttsl first submit a written request.
The van is then allocated on at first-
cortte, first-schc basis. ill order to pre-
vent one group from monopoli/ing this
service, the S.A. has instituted a policy
whereby one group cannot regularly
reserve a van.

One of the ongoing programs spon-
soer by Jewish Students Coalition—
Hillel is Daughters of Saralt nursing
home visitation. in addition to being
an important social action service to
the community, it allows stttdcnts to
perform the mitrvah (commandment)
of visiting the sick. last semester, title
to lack of consistent, dependable
transportation, our program participa—
tion dwindled.

In an effort to revittrlire the pro—
gram, .lSC—Hillel has rented, at cort-
siderable cost, a van through March.
After that, we will no longer have
funds to contirurc this service. Despite
this excessive, unnecessary expenditure
of student tax money, tltc S.A. has
consistently denied .lS(‘-|lillcl the

 

regular weekly use of the van.

We feel this program should be
deemed an exception to S.A. policy. In
addition to the merit inlterent in the
program, amending S.A. policy in this
instance will benefit both the student
and elderly communities. There is a
sufficient number of students involved
to warrant special consideration.
Moreover, this exception would only
entail the van's use on Wednesday
night, a night when the van is usually
not in demand.

We hope that ortr student leaders
will also recognize our need, and cor-
rect this flaw in their policy.

— Jonathan L. llecht
President, .ISC—Flillel
Cheryl N. Khuner
Vice-President. [SC-Hillel

Birthday Behind Bars

 

 

To the Editor:

On Sunday, February 2|, Viktor
lit'ailovsky will observe his forty-sixth
birthday. There will be no party. . .no
cake. . .no cards. .no celebration.
Viktor is one of thousands of
"prisoners" wltose only dream is per-
mission to ctnigratc from the Soviet
Union.

But on this birthday, and (iod for—
bid, ollters to come, his hope will re—
main his dream. Viktor is a Prisoner of
Conscience, a title bestowed upon a
Russian Jew who is imprisortcd or exil-
cd s0lcly because of his active desire to
emigrate to lsrael. Viktor has been ill
exile since September, charged with
defaming the Soviet State, tr critnc
which he committed when he signed an
open appeal to President Leonid
Brc/hnev requesting art exit visa.
Viktor is now serving a 'hrcc ycrtr'
sentence of interrtal exile rn
Karahkstan, where he has been sittcc
September l98l.

On Wednesday Febrttary 24,
students from SUNYA, and fifty other
universities, will participate in the sixth
attnttttl Washington Lobby. Students
will be briefed on the current
developments in the Soviet liniott
regarding Soviet Jewry. mcct itt state
caucuses to develop plans of action,
and finally, meet with their t'cspcctivc
Congressmen to urge them to support
tltc plan of action.

Viktor's birthday will go by unnotic-
ed unless you carc. Show your
representatives in Washington that yort
care so they will care.

For more information on how you
can attettd the Washington Lobby, call
Howard at 457-7948 or the .lSC office
at 457-7508. You and your support can
have a great impact on Viktor’s dream.
Without your support, another birth-
day will go by unnoticed, uncelebrated.
For Viktor, and all others like him;
may we say, next year in Jerusalem.

— llowurd Fishman
—— Mark Friedland

 

Let Your Voice
be Heard!
Write. a Letter to

[the Editor Today
Bring letters to
C.C. 329

 

 

 

 

Student Value

Central Council’s Finance Committee thinks that Woody Popper’s a pretty
important person. So much that it wants to pay Popper over $175 a Week to
serve as “executive director." They think that SA just couldn't get along
without the departing vice-president, and they want to give him a new job.

What will Popper be doing as “executive director?" Just about what he did as
vice-president.

This decision makes SA look like it’s taking care of one of its own. Popper
won‘t be creating an intolerable vacuum when he leaves after the new SA vice-
presidenl is elected. He will be replaced by someone elected by the students to
frrl'ill the responsibilities of the office.

Inventing the job of “executive director" gives Popper a nice salary, but what
about the office of vice-president? If this new position is created, why should
there be a vice-president? Perhaps Central Council should amend the SA Con- I
stilution— instead of trying to subvert it — and totally eliminate the vice-
president.

lt‘s odd that a Student Association, so willing to replace the professional
()(‘A director with students, is so enthusiastic about trrrning the office of vice-
prcsidcnt into a professional position.

(‘entral ('orrucil sltottld reject this nonsense about art “executive director"
and stop trying to play with tltc SA ('otrstitrrtion. 'l‘ltc vice-president of SA
shotrld be a student, even if you spell that e-x-e-c-n-t-i-v-e d-i-r-e-c-t-o-r.

Speak Now

Witlt college costs rising and rising, most students ruercly rnumblc incoherent-
ly and continue cutptying their Checkbooks. Today we all have a chance to close
ottr cltcckbooks and speak clearly as one voice.

SASll's rally against tltc SUNY budget begins today at 11:30 am. at the
SUNY (‘cntrtrl building downtown. Buses will be leaving the circle before the
rally, so you don't have any excuse trot to be tltcrc.

'lltis brtdgct will cut the amount of money SUNY gets and increase the
amount stttdcnts pay. Let's get (‘ltanccllot' Wharton off his ass to help us
l-ltilll ’l'lll' lllKli!

 

 

;

(mm! M: Mead/be 1’1”me  I: ( ‘ 
r? '
Elllblllhld In 1916
Dean Bate, Edllnt rn Cnrr-t
Wayne Puroboom, Dnvld Thanh-user. Managing Edi/DIS

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Judle Elsenbora
Bath Brtnsur, Lisa Mirabella
. . . . . . . . . . Andrew Carroll
. David Brooks
. Mark Roaolar
.. Larry Kuhn
. Mlchuol Clrmon, Mark Gunner
. Edln Lovino
...Jlek Durschlag

Now-Editor  . . .  .
Anoellla Nur- Edltorl . . . . . .. . . .. .

ASPoctI Edllnr . . . . . . , . . . .. . ,,..
AucciotoASPoctI Editor . . .
Sound and Vision Edltor ,. , . .

Sport: Edltnr . . . . . . . . . ,. .
Auoelllo Sparta Edltorl . .

Editorlal Page: Editor .

Copy Editor .

 

 
 
 
  
  
 

Eollorlat Ant-unlit Mnrk Hammond Bruce J Low Slltt writer-z Stove Barry. Bob Bellattore. Kurt Cantor, Lorl
Cotton. Huyns Dunsky. Hitherthonneth Dickey Jtnr Dixon. Rah Edelslntn, Bill Fischer. Mark Flecholtl, Ronl
Glnstlnrn, Ken Gordon. Stave Gnnsutt. Slnvtm A Gtoonlmm. Rob Gtuoman. Matt: Haspet. Double Judge. Torl
Kaplowttr. Knlhy Krsﬁntm, Ctnta Marks, Susan Mrlttpun, Dabble Mtltmun. John Moran, Madeline Paseuccl, Stevan
Pnnpm. Sylvta Saunders. Batnntu Schrttdtm. Mark Schwarr, Both Saxor. Susan Smith. Jessica Ttoadway. Jusslcn
wrulchonk, Splclrum Ind EVlnII Editor: Betsy Campt5t. Zodiac Ind Pr-vlow Editor: Susan Mltlloan

Bonnie Slovene, Business Manager
Janol Drolluu. Advertising Manager
David Natll Vapko. Sales Manager

Bllllnq Account-nil
Payroll Supervisor
Oillco Co-ordlnotor
Cinnltiod Mon-nor .
Compouitlon Man-nor ...... . .... .,. ., . . . . . . . . . .. ....Davtd W. Hock
Aullllnt Sllu Man-cor. Frank Joseph G“. r., Martin 9 ndraw Horn, Mlndy Sehulmln, John Trolnno,
Advortlolnn Production Managers: Susan Kaplan. Dlnnne Glneo a. Advertising Production: Rani Ginsberg. Mlnoy
Hurowtlr, Susan Poarlntan. Mum Mendotsohn, Meltsal Wauserrrton, Offico Stall: Janet Guth, Pattlcla Hammer,
Rhonda Lackow, Ailco McDetnroll. Mary Elton Murphy, Judy Total

. . . . . . . . . . . Hody Broder, Judy B. Santa, Karen Sardott
... .... . . . . ..Arlono Katlawltl

..Jonnller Block

Marlo Gorbarlno

      
 

  

  

David W. Bock, Production Manager
Wlillam N. Nola-r, Typesetting Mus/oh

Chlll Yypoullor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Clrol Bury
Pnto‘up: Ann Henri. Carla Satct '[ypll udy Antedsi. Lynda Bonvonuto, Tina Booln, ery Burke, Marlo Gar-
bnrlno. Joanne Gulldersloove, September Klein, Saratyn Lavina, Colhla Flynn, Zatl Stlhl Cboultlun Martha

Hornet

 

Photography. Supplied principatly by University Pirate Service

Chlol Photographer: More Honochol

UPS Stall: Dave Asher, Alan Cnlsrn. Curl Chan. Shorty Cohen, Mlko Fullor. Bllt Krluon. Dlvo Mnhoan. Lola Mat~
tntronl. Sun Mtndlch. Mark Nudlut. Mark Nelson. Sun: Slolnklmp, thl Yunnan

The Albany Student Press is published every Tuoadny and Friday during the Bailout your by the Albany Student
Pmss Corporation. an Independent not'lor-prollt corporntlon. Editartnls are written by the Editor In Chlol with
members of the Editorial Board; policy to subject to review by the Edllotial Board. Advertising policy does not
necessarily reflect editorial policy.
Malling address:
Albany Student Pro". cc 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany, NV 12222
(516) 457~869213322l3689

 

 

 

