  

'rrv>.~< x

 

 

page 8/January 29‘. 1982‘ '.

-.. . ....M........r .. w“... 3....“ w v

 

TheNoVel Approa

he French Lleutenant's Woman

was 13 years old before it ftnally

became a movie. Seven years
came between the time Ragtlme appeared
on the best seller list and the time it reached
the silver screen. The Thorn Birds has been
in the platinan stages for 5 years and The
World According to Garp ls still In produc-
tion almost 4 years after it became a national
obsession.

Mark Rossier

During Hollywood‘s “golden era" best
.ellers usually became movies within 2 years
If publication and most of these films were
relatively successful. Today It takes years for
popular novels to lilt the screen and there is
no longer airy way to assure that the novel's
success will be repeated. These facts repre-
sent ii change In the nature of both
Hollywood and best sellers.

hi the 30's. 40's and Sll's best sellers were
easily'adaptable. Most of llrerri had strong
plots and straight-forward first or third per-
soir riarialors. Dialogue was ofleii taken
directly from the book and strict production
codes and time lirriits made it obvious which
events Would be cut.

The studio syslerri also made the transition
smooth and quick. A troop of writers from
the studio's stable was assigned the pioiurt
so that the iiioVie could be written and pin-
dticed while the bonk was still a "hot prop-Ir-
ty "The studio’s top stars were their tast .ind

 

 

a hit was made

In the late 00's the face of films and best
sellers «banged l’lot. in the traditional
sense. suddenly became a secondary I'lt'
ilieiit. bi Itlr books and lIiI/‘Jtt'ﬁ lrct'aiiic lllttlt'
ariilriiiI.iis and experimental Novels began
to explore the espeiieiir‘i‘ ol liotli ii'aIlii-Ii

 

, LN...“ A... .r. ..

 

 

It takes years [or poptilar novels like The French Lleutenaril's Woman uiid Doctornw's
liagtlirie to make it to the screen. and the subsequent movies have seemed to fast just as
long.

  

.e. kw... "We “.0... ‘leu‘c‘lﬂ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

and writiiig' The way a story was told
became the stI-iy that was told. Despite these
iii-urges, llll' Ild Hollywood riieritiility of
buying the rights in best sellers still remained
and llih caused much of the delay.

h I k. itltl tll reading do irot iiinke great
on Mus lii fact. to adapt books about
wading ll'l the screen is to Inrnpletely lose
two print I l lltt' v/I ik lltv\\'t'VL‘l. siiit'e pro
IliiI t‘l‘st [ton pay lingo piIIt t‘slor llIL‘ rights to
.lttll ll‘ \vls Ilii'y dciiiriiid that .rii attempt at

least be tirade Most - l the delay llt getting
complex best sellers tI tire screen lies in try
mg to dewlr p a st iipt that is wI.rkahle while
still being true h the spirit ml the novel.

(l (L ir't ll||'i||t tI imply that all best sellers
haw berI lllt' itlltltlllt us (I iiteiiiplalions on
the lllt'tllllllt. more are still densely plotted
r‘roxclsI ( | upcirig much if in tall ol the space

It llt‘sl ‘il'llt’l li .is ll \\U‘.t'i. these books are
I flL'li liI ri-itii try tcli'uer it who L'tlll devote

ch To Cinema

more time to them with the irriiiirseiias lI.,.
mat.)

Literature (and film) are built rr'lli-rtiniis IIt
their times. As people iii the late bit".
became more questii Inirig so did the pi poi.”
arts. In addition to questioning HIiHl’lh‘. Ilii‘
arts began to question their role Ill it hit him
and literature cannot raise these tlllt'wlhrtis ii.
the same way. Novels can I ltll,‘ \iritit IF" it
the experience of reading and llllll I an i I‘
deal with the experience of seeing l'l..v it
are not interchangeable as lflt' fti't I
Lieutenant 's Woiiiuir ptlIU‘ll lliili‘ltl l',' I.,
tried to apply lein Foules‘ titlilt'||t|Ilitll"
about reading lt‘ the vrsuiil exponent I' and .i
didn't Work The tL'sttlllttg pii tltltl \‘.it- i.
ten-sling btit the llllll-\Ulllt|ll'Il'fllltt th lilliilt,i'
employed by l’iirtet' is int hour the ‘.: u,
equivalent IIl Fowles' narrative

Similarly. iii adapting Ii‘ugtiiiii' MiI ttiii'i
Weller merely took selected awnis in it.
ILL, Doctoinw's novel and ignored ml '1 .I

tethiiigue used to tie thenr ti geiiiivi ('- .i».I
quently we have a bad It’etrdcr's f)ll(i”-l :
sinir of the book in which ('litllIN'lI‘l‘w Ilisiii
peat wrtlrout explanation arid rILI'nis trappI-Ii
Wllll nI apaieiit relation in the past \'.litt :.
is exactly the I ppnsile ])tilltl -f l)I IiI iI 
hook

lt takes best sellers II tag I: roach t|.i' at two
because as they get |i|| re II mph»
lliillwaard sees itself as up tI lltl’ r iialloiirir
They are li'l l’eI ple may at I t']ll t’-.
peiiineiitattv r. lli literature but in I I n llllli
and since llI lli,‘wI I d is |ltlt’lt“ill'll in I-tli
iiieii’tal piI din is they wrll III’\t'I .iilapt iii r
[in petites t‘ Ilt'l'lil/ As iI'lvxisiI ll it‘lvtii
plot-heart; in ads tie to I'spi'iiiiioiitrii
are ll‘ll L H llr.v.- I d How lli‘ tt'
getti’iiil ittttl llr lluix Itl \lll" Illl iIJ' .iiI

tip II the task v.r' I an irlu ltl‘ illIIlI'll.

llil' its-'I l ttII' itiiiI .il ’vt H'l'tilllill.

rvin’s Sophisticated Nightmare

lIlli‘ I‘ve seldom sci-ii Iinv lilm
adaptation of a best selling n-Itivl
iiiI-ie ruthless lltilll (ilirisi .‘itoiiv.
t'tl it lllt'

iiiI tUlt.’ wants a llli’lelrll sl’a'lutril tt .il-aI do its

 

l'tc inst .i-. vI-lilniii lit-cit as iiiipi

that stilltt’t llt‘ had .i iI'iiiarkaltly Ilt-ai Iiiasp
til lltl' iiI ‘.r'l.s ll‘llllitl tlii'riii's lltw ll- I,i-l
wits lI II lr iii] liIt till --l ll liI lllill.|' it II 'lrrv

sI’rI'cn iiri.ii'tl

That .I lltt‘t i..‘ was lilivltttlth \lll‘t’liu'ltll‘l
l.(t\\/ll‘lllt‘ l) l I lit'ti. ‘sVlll' .rtliiplt'il l‘i'li'i
StratiHK I|ttII\\‘l|lttj liIIitIIi novel lot llll‘ big
screen liirI'itI-i Ilr-hn ll\‘|tI. who recently
directed H I' Hogs Ii] Wrir. one of last yI'ai‘s
iiiost lll|tlt‘tlttlL‘tl filitis. as well as the BI“ "s
TV veisii u IIl f't'tikt‘r. I'iiilor. Soldier. Spy.
has admitted more than ItllL't' that ltl' lll'\\‘l
read the entire novel until after (,‘Inlii'ri had
finished the screenplay

Apparently what interested Cohen and Ii
viii was the underlying theme of guilt in the
story. and not the legions ol lleslr‘dcv-qung
ghouls that sold the novel. Iiiiiiiitretablu
critics have disririssed (iliost Story as a
failure. apparently not lindiirg it sulliitently
frightening. I can only think that having suf-
fered through one clone of Friday the fifth
alter air-tlrer. these professional movie-
goers have become somewhat iaded. l'he
ultra-violence so explicitly depicted in so
many of these lowvbudgct
stab'ein/slaslr'erirs leaves only human
sacrifice live on stage as the next step in hots
rur entertainment.

In corrrpatisoii. Ghost Story is a supiising-
ly quiet horror movie

Not that it won't scare you. As a rule
though. it won't scare ynti when i/- -r expect
it to. or how you expect it to.

I hesitate to give away too much of lll\'
plot. but the premise is that a group of older-
ly men. pillars of their small. quiet. New
lirrglaird town. are apparently being haunted
by the ghost of a young woman they ac~
cideiitly killed as young liiUtl. They call
themselves "The Chowder Society." arid
once a week meet in each other's homes.

'llt‘ist‘tlllll‘llllill|'\l‘llll|flilllll1'.lllll'lll'tllll
"llil'l Iilirist .II lll't lltt'l,‘llt’ ltrlllllll‘ll by llll’

 

.li |\,‘ lltt‘\i IlI ll‘l Ir ‘lu' llltt' I tit’ /\s lltl'
"t'liI ‘.\ili‘l ‘i- l lt‘l'.” llIt‘llll't‘l’-. l iI'rl [\slaitt‘.
.lI llll l l- Il‘It‘IltiIII l\lr‘l\l,‘|i l in iiIiliis (iii his last

.i Ii‘t'll it'llit'iltitltl o) and lb iiIil.i-. l aiilraiihs

It. all Itl'.t' -llrlitt iriI UssiIInal pcilIIi

iii.iiiIi'. ('i.iiIi \\.i.u it t- histiiiht. in Ms

6‘

iiirstiuitwl \\|ilt llo' i'.\tt'[llltilt of IN"
lladrlrarlr st’|lt|i'll|l'\ \VltHlt are altogether
[II :I nit ll\l|t pi- ‘iIli'-. tiin'spet‘ti'il (ittlll a
lei» |)tl‘lll|litllli'l .ti il.. Ill regular intervals.
and I’Nlitllllwlit“ an unusual and elft'itrti'
on I it int» oIiii- tll

WlIilI- Ita' ~ll\]|l‘li~|' iI'sts *ll thriiatlt'rs
Ilii’t'llllll In iiiblv tll‘rlllti. (rliIIst Story Ilia-s

_ Ghost Story was made by thinking people who were
trying to do something more ambitious than another

Halloween ripoff. , ,

tl\ I \\Il iii Illstiriiiinda'tl iI-iiipaiiy its l.iii
ll.ll|l\\. sIIti \\lti> IlisiI-rois the "(louder
Horn-W‘s" si-iii't N\‘\\‘1"||I\‘l Alth KIIgI'.
\Vltlt It'l'l‘ltllV 'ill‘ll' I'\\I‘lll‘||l it'Vich for her
lllt‘ll‘ltlltllll'l' lIt timings of I'lll'. sti'Itls llll‘
shI-w hIitt'iI'i. \\‘lllt an absolutely l'l'lli'
hlt'iid I-l ‘Il‘lINIldlllU and old fashioned
llt't‘lllllt'ns

l‘lotwisc. tiliiist .‘itiiic is a sni-ptt- race
against time as WassI ti and Astatlt' struggle
to littd a way to put the awiigirig ghost llt
rest lrcl-Iie it succeeds in lalltiig the \‘llllll'
"('liIdeL-i Society " l‘ltl‘ suspense is well

i w Evans"

 

To place an even! call the ASP 1
4513389.

Say “0ncle”

Mon ()ircli' d'Anit'r'iiiiir'. a French in iiiicdy
directed by Alain Restrais. Will he presented
by the Prize International (.‘inenia Series at
SUNY on Fri arid Sat . January 2‘) and 30
at 8:30 pm in the Recital | lall The filiri was .i
winner of the New York Filtir Critic's .mcmi
in limit as lit-st foreign filiri The lllttL‘ti‘ is.
subtitled iir linglish Admission is ’2..’iltgt-ii ‘
‘l,75 student and st citizen Reseivatiiiiis
are available by calling 457 Hulk).

 

til-l ii-ly I H the t|'|‘l t.iI tilar supernatural
llltltlilllitllt ll‘i - l llllll‘i lila' The Hilton Brit
make up artist [in l. \inith. who engineered
the IianslIviinatiI-n \‘lll't is h I An Atiiericuii
Wcicti'ol/ iii fontloii. has created a suitably
tlisgiistinIi ilct .iying iIarise-apparition which
pops up in ltl tiiiie II lime, and livni ar-
ranges l- i if and - lllt‘l shI t‘ks to appear with
di'liciI ll'dV lllllt‘ itaiiiiiiq l’liillipv Srittlt"s
r'lcgiriit, licrn y. iii'li ttlthlt' ‘-l| re adds
substantially h the Illi » Il. itllll alI rig wttlr tlit'
.itirii.|iiI>n:-ttc Victorian settings til the
Ili.itricter\ liI-iiii-s ltt'llts iir.ikt- tilirist Story

Welcome Bach

The Albany Symphony Orchestra will pro
sent its fourth part of classical concerts Jan
2‘) at the Troy Sat lugs Bank Music Hall and
Jan lit) at the Palace Theatre. All perfor-
mances begin at H Ill) piir Baitok‘s Suite
fiI III) the Miraculous Martin. l)votak's Sym-
phony No. 8 arid l'lrotiisoii's Louisiana
.Story Will be the fcatuied works Tickets are
available .it the Palace

and (.‘oirritriiiiitv Box
Offices.

Von Trapped Again

. l‘tllll Seasons |)Iiiin'i l'licatic \\'|ll [iti'M'til
the Sound r' Music l'htii'srlays through
Sunday Irvt'iiiitgs .laii. l‘l throtigh l-i-b >7

For reservations c ill the l'lr
. ‘ iiiwa '
450-310“. V Hun“ I"

 

 

s- ItiI'thiiiri tr- tt‘ i lll' ‘.lt‘~s or I'll" lll'l‘l I
lritI'lti it llllll‘ »,I lililvll'Itll’tl

tiliIist .‘rtoit, in .ur lrllllill»tl lll‘ 
\Vllllt.‘ and .ii- an lrtltit‘l ti illl ‘lilll.I
IIIii‘.I'i-liI i..il -|‘Itil' lliis ii at. turn:

llt‘wt- n l‘ lliltlt‘llllflllll‘lilll. I   ‘.

lllt'il’ill'llt lI Iitll‘ it». it mi. I'IIi :ti

\.cai llt sir IilIt -Il\‘ ll|’l‘ll1‘lll‘llllv‘

.rtiilii'iiri's 'I punt tI |rI Iiirim mi.‘

lIiiilr‘s Iloit I'-’i'i: i avian .‘I'lt‘ iiiIi .ri -
iii \"I'llll‘ nil in: hain'. I -..ii.i.rili. .irii
styli'. r iiibiowil .\lll| 

(lltL’lllill‘ |llit|\‘I-’I lv|ll'. lIiltlill'u Ir-II .-
phI t-Iqiapliy lliill‘J‘s trlami .‘iioii .in tit.
and liaiidsI nit-ly |I|' iluI cIl iv tl‘ i liliii lt "-
Saturday night iiI \I.il turd. thorn-ml I
IltsrippIIiiiti-rl l-' !‘u' .iirtii llIIIIIt llt llllilll‘ u I
can always \\'IiI| ‘ i an: tlu'i Illffflillr‘t‘ti wit
lIll l‘l|L'lt' ilI csii't «min t-- by any shI nau-
of them tilt-rs. I‘rtuiy was lltilllt‘ by thinlarwi
people \vlrrI \\i‘|1‘ liyiiig tI tlt' u |Iit'll‘i“l
more aiiilriti- Iis l'liI' llrl‘tilt' I lIroilt is tltittti
latiit'd t‘l‘llslslt'tillll. .iiirl lllt‘ liliiirnalu't-» Ivi
Willing to take .rI’IIiuii r- I ii in t Iiitiiai tlII‘ :iI
rlteiii‘i- lltl’rll) thrills that .l. “'1 |t‘.|ll\.‘ hi "I
litt‘ltll‘it‘. Irvin Is .i diicti- l titrI I III I‘wtt'l W“
to raise his \Iicc ilittl fiftiist .‘iovri iv I‘l
\\.|lli some integrity

Natural Grass

Ribbon Gr ss. the natural foods rest-inlayl
at 33 Central. . sponsoring art shows «an tr
month to display the work ol lI-ial ittllwl-
The current exhibit is (looachc fItIt‘t'Itl'I
paintings by Cai‘lshury (ion/ales. iliiI iiIiII
Fl'l) 7

lliblri ill Grass .ilso features Ir -r .il lllllslt titlir

 

 

 

pctforiiiitrg each evening duiin i tlllilll‘l (I -
‘lllri tl‘ZIlH for iiilni‘iirati-iii

Great Scott's

l‘oiriglit at .l B Sinus. Ili’l t‘r-iiiial
t\\t’|ittt'. ii'I. iit|||.||'|>.| Hot, il.iI|r.iii.ii,
l'orttniiow iiiIiht. giui't "'l'hI' l'liq Maw
hIiiist-ll. (Ilar’oiiri- Cll‘lllltli‘i and lil‘» lt'IIt
H‘H‘l‘ R‘K‘ltlfls l"iiI lti'lii't llllt‘tlt'itli‘ ‘I Iri-

‘llltr ‘lliix

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

he last time the Pretenders played

in Albany. they were just making

the big time. Their first album.
Pretenders. was pushing its way up the
charts. That was in the early part of 1980
and their appearance packed .l B. SCotts.

Wayne PeereboomT

l)L‘5|)llL‘ the limited commercial success of
their latest albuirr. Pretenders If. arid the fch
song Extended Play the Pretenders havu a
sold out a University Concert Board sport-

 

 

soi‘cd show at the Palace tonight at 8 pm
The last ticket to the show by the four piece
rock band was sold early this month and a
sold out concert is not a common thing at the
l’alaccI

The Pretenders have become one of the
more significant bands to appear on the
music scene over the past couple of years.
More than anyilriiig. this can be attributed to
the singing. song writing. and unabashed
sexuality of Clrt'issitr llylltlc. Without her. it
seems likely that the other rrrusicians would
still be playing at underground bars in Lon-
don

After three years of art classes at Kent
State. l-lyudc fled her native Ohio for l_iiil'
don in l‘)7.'l After a job with an architectural
firm she wrote for a British music irraga/lne.
Among her acctriiiplislirnents was a photo of
her in bondage gear with Brian lino,

llith’Vt'l. after a year she was back in
(iliivivlanrl and their off to France iir air un~

Xoreographin

|tlII tiglr actors first spoke
SI pliocli-s' lines [Stilt years ago.
Antigone still has meaning for an-
Ilii-iit't-s today. said Slit-la Xori'gos (piw
iiI lllltl‘lllUtl‘R/‘Y11"5).tllll't'lltl of the lini-
piii- Htait' Youth Theatre Ii-siitutti's pioiliit'

t_iI Il Lilliat tliitlLtLL_ __7 ‘M ___

Bet h Sexer

ﬁrrm'ﬁ‘.rmr.irt‘im;.
it'latt's thI' stIIittI l AntiIrIIirr'. daughter of lllt'
t'.\lll'tl l )ciliptrs itiill Itlt't‘i‘ of ('it-oii. king of
lhi'hns lit'lying (‘tt't-tt“: Iaic. AiitrgirnI'
binin lIt’t tk-arl biI ‘lllt’l who was killed iii an
uprising ltt' li-Il against 'l lit-bits. an Iwiiig that
for this act she will l‘l' i'Iirrtlt-irnred to death

"All Greek plays lt‘lttlt‘ to today in llll'll
irioial itiiplit‘allIIiis." said Xoiogos’ “Would
any person stand up lot his principles own If
it nit-ans death?" She compared lllt‘ dilem-
iiras laced by Antigone and (‘renn tII the
issues faced by those involved III the Vlt'l
Nani war and “W McCarthy era.

Antigone. leatining Jeanne Vrgliatitc i l
the title role and ("raiy Deming as (Treori. it ill
be performed iii the iiraiii tliciitrc It the l,gg
at the limpiic State Plaza Ilrtllttitt'y Ill at Adlti
p iir . February I through 5 at ll) fill a in .
and February 5') and ii at 7:30 ii iii.

Although Antigone is Xoicgns‘ liist a€~
return at directing a dramatic prI IdnciiI 'lt. liIi
as a dancer .

 

pr int expci iv in l'
chi ircI ittiaplit-i. llllt‘l [I it. actrt-ss .iiitl lt’tlt‘ltt‘l
ltll the West (‘oast Is i'xlt'iisivt' Duke l'.ll

 

A Reason to Rhyme

A 51.000 grand prize will be awarded in
the upcoming pot-try competition sponsored
by World of Poetry. a quarterly newsletter
for poets. Rules and ofﬁcial entry forms are
available fioirr lllt‘ World of Poetry. L’tliil
Stockton Blvd . Dept A. Sacramento.
(‘aliloiiria 95817

House Party

fiction of ffll’ Sr'r'iiiiciis Simon is playing ut
tlii' Third Street l'hr'rrtn' tttl Fri . but him
(I! f’ tiitd ‘) :3“ TI fl‘ liliii nuts on fllt' Tt'n Iii'st
lists It] liitii' f‘ltlthtr'lltt‘, Thi- Huston (ilolu'.
imil tht' f. A limits

 

 

 

successful attempt to start a band. Upon
returning in London. Hynde tirade more tin-
successful attempts to Join bands.
'l'hrotighout this tline period she tasted the
underside of European life. Finally she cr'nss- ,
ed paths with a talent scout named Dave Hill
who gave her time to assemble the three
London area musicians » James
l'lI,Iireyiriair Scott. Pete Farndoir and Martin
(.‘harrrbers —— who with Hyndc, bccatrie the
Pretenders.

The band's first single. a remake of the
Kiiiks' “Stop Your Sobbiirg" met British ac-
ceptance and was followed by the first album
which received critical and popular acclaim.
It has been another success story ever since.
The strength of this mass acceptance has car-
ried them through the past two releases
which have met critical btit not great popular
success.

In listening to the Pretenders. you may
notici- two distinctly different elements
llynde's vocals and the rest of the music.

Hyntle's vocals can cover the fairly wide
range of the irraterlal the band plays — most
of which she writes herself. Much til the
music is hard driving rock heavily influenced
try the London new-wave scene, Her gutsy
but sensuous vocals artl well suited to the
musical near'clraos.

()n the other lraird. she can tone it down
to sing gentle ballads such as “l (in To
Sleep" from I’reli'iitlt'rs fl

Underlying l'lyirdc‘s ability to sing both
types of music is the expressiveness of let-l-

 

 

. .. “guess”... a... ..

 

 

What's down the road [or the Pretenders. appearing ton/ght at the sold out Palace? Pete

    

l-‘arndon. James l-Ioneynian Scott. Martin Chambers. and Chrissie Hyiide don't seem quite
sure.

iirg she projects This Is not the product of a
neccessarlly good Voice (It's not). Rather it Is
ability to relate the experiences of a home
town Ohio girl who left to take on the big bad
World and found herself down and out in
London before finally making the big time
with inticlr palii itil(l suffering.

However the band itself is a different story.
Lend guitarist Scott is not especially quick
nor does he have (or attempt to have) a
great mastery over special effects. llyirtle's
rhythm guitar playing is admittedly rough.
Fai'ndoii on bass and the hard hitting
Chambers on drums l't‘llt’ as "adequate."

-.)

m wan-w “VI-V‘v-tvvna-v "a w

 

It's all Greek to her: Director Shela Xoregos at a dress rehearsal for IfSYTI's Antigone.

ingtoii's “Psychedelic SriiII'" was written
especially for Xoregns She 'iiis
ihoiengraphed for the Pointer Sisters and
directed daiict- prnduttions at San
lrairclscii's Allit'ltt‘ltlti Arts Foundation

In Step

Fred Schnillt who plays traditional arid
folk iirusic will perform on Fri .lan. 2‘) at the
"Jhtli Step Coffeehouse Showtime is 8:45
pm and general admission is 3.50,

.Thc liightli Step is also sponsoring a
New Play Forum, designed to provide asprr
iirg playwrights with an npportiiiiity to view
their work In a critically positch environ-
tlll'lll Audiences are invited to attend and
discuss the readings Playwrights can send
scripts to' Mr William lit-unto. New Play
loitirii. 52H l-oslt'r AVt' . Schenectady. NY
l'éllllh'

Also at lllt' lzlglrth Stop this Saturday is
Paul (ii'ieinia at 824" pm. He is ltlllr\\‘lt as a
bottleneck liluvsiirair Atlltlisslirti is ‘3 Fill.

 

 

 

ln Willi Xotegos left her own (lance
ttntipe. the Xoregos Performing Company
which she formed in San Francisco eleven
years ago, and moved to Manhattan.
llI th'Vt'I. ball the company danced with her
in a coin L'tl held iii New York last year and
irrerribt'rs of the troupe continue to perform
with her III cIInt cits ller luturt.I plans include
an ()fl~|’iioadw.ry production of the one-
woiiiati danrc drama based on the life of -
Isadora l)iirit‘aii. Lotte. Istrtfor'ti. in which
she starred in California

And part of Xoiegos' diverse background
is lt‘ll('( It'd iii the production blur spoke eti~
Iliiisiastiially about her thorns. “it's a
fabulous ltl‘lf-ittttitiltt' They sing. they act.
llll'l,‘ daiii 0 They ltllltll’ " Most Creek
rlrniiist's. Xoicgns explained. do iioi corri-
llllli' all three singing. .vtiiig and dancing

in their pt'ifIIiiiiarit'cs

l'Iri- t‘llt'tl the chorus. its well as the entire
lltll‘llltlttlll. Irt'atcs is air evocative rather
than a rcalistit one. Xoivgos said No record
of how Antigone was staged 2.500 years
ago ieriii‘rirrs. aird only a few fragments of
music have been preserved. But Xoi‘cgos is
trying to recapture the spirit of the eta by set~

The musical outcome of all this is a rather
ragged. nearly primitive sound which may
have been what the veterans of the London
new-wave scene desired. Anyway. the peo-
ple love it. The first album turned out such
well recognized tunes as "Precious." “Brass
Iii Pocket (I'm Special)" and “Mystery
Achievement." From the recent album
“Message of Love" and "Talk at the Town"
have received considerable FM airplay.

If you couldn't get a tlcket for tonight's
show. don't worry about it — they'll pro-
bably be back. It looks like the Pretenders will
be around for a while

Sophocles

ing the drama in the more primitive at-
iiiIrsphr'ru iil ancient Thebes liisteiirl of dur»
lug (iI ildt'rr-Age Athens when Sophocles liv-
L‘tl. ._
For that reason the set. designed by
Broadway and Off Broadway scenic
dr'sigiicr Toiir Lunch. will have a bronterllkc
finish “as if it had lll't‘lt out in the sun." said
Xoiegos, Arid lltt' props are "very simple.
btti kiird of st ttl])ltlll‘(l " Likewise. the
costumes. by lzrnirry AWilltl'WlllltllHJ
rlt'srgiit'i Robert /\iitI Iii. will not he reproduc-
lliill‘stif ancient (it't't’lt garb. btii are an
“abstraction of “W feelings of the Greeks."

Special attention has also been paid to the
themes and dialogue in Antigone. “To bring
out the thrust of the dramatic line." Xoregos
cut ntit references to old legends and myths
that only Greek scholars rrrtglri understand.

She has also cut out references to the
Women's inferior place in Greek society. a
concept that was accepted In ancient
Greece. “I didn't want to cloud the issue.
The problem isn't whether Antigone is a
female or not and daring to do thls.'I

liSYTl presents many productions geared
towards introducing school children to the
theatre. Antigone Is not a children's per/or-
niancc. Xoregos said. She [eels that presen-
ting the "most Iabulous performance we can
do" is the way to encourage chtldren to en~
ioy serious drama. "That's how to intrigue
children. not by talking down to them. " C]

/PECS

 

ls arts

/ PECTS

is features

/ PECTS

 

is coming back next Friday wlth eight.

pages of review, preview. and opinion.

To be a part of It. call us. or drop by cc
329. Do it soonl

 

 

 

 

i
l
s

 

 

