é
."

 
 

 

 

 

 

E p

IT-ORI

A L ‘I
at

 

he gubernatorial election was a clif-
fhanger. Hours after the polls closed,

the election was still too close to call.

It ﬁnally looks like Mario Cuomo is the
next governor of New York. Lew Lehrman
will go through the traditional steps of hav-
ing the voting materials impounded and re-
counting the votes, but it seems rather
unlikely that he can dig up the tens of
thousands of votes he needs to overturn a

Democratic victory.

‘ Lehrman learned that the governor’s of-
fice ts not for sale. The $13.5 million he
spent to make himself a household name

could not make him governor, even com-
pared to the Cuomo campaign’s relatively
puny $4.6 million.

Now that Mario Cuomo has won the of-
fice, the question will be if Cuomo can keep
his promises. He has stressed his support for
increasing the state’s committment to relief
programs. student loans and support for
higher education, and other financial com-
mittments.

The biggest problem is that he hasn’t said
how he’s going to finance this with the state
in a financial crisis. He pointed to creative
ways of financing the state, but even a
bright guy like Mario can’t pull millions of
dollars out of the air.

This same bind is what turned Hugh
Carey from a SASU-button-wearing friend
of public higher education to its nemesis.

x. But will Cuomo come through?

And it’s what could turn Mario Cuomo
away from his policies and into a Hugh
Carey — or a Lew Lehrman.

The beauty of the Cuomo victory is [ital
now people have a change to have an impact
in their government. The traditionally
under-represented in New York state — the
poor, minorities, and students — are among
the people who put Cuomo into office and
should not be ignored by him. I

He’s made friends with the people who
helped make Carey so unpopular he could
not run for governor again. if Mario stays
true to his word, he should have an easier
time than Hugh did. i l

 

C

 

O L U

M

N

 

 

The paradox of testing

Formal education can be accurately characterized as a
process of learning where. in order to absorb various kinds
of information. students compete for grades throu h
testing. The objective is to learn numerous acadenlitc
dtscrpltnes in the hope that it will bring future success
Students might also learn. however. that testing does noi
necessarily lead to these goals.

Matthew Dunn

 

Testing puts students in competition with each other
Throughout the incipient school years students are given
tests meant to score the degree to which subjects have learn-
ed. Grades are issued on the basis of performance As
youngsters. students learn early that tests are important
Doing well on tests means high grades. and the latter would
stand for progress and future reward.

By the time these students are in college the pressure to
succeed has intensified. They have learned that in order to
succeed after college they must. at present, tolerate and
comply with the grading system. What this means is a con
ttnuation of exasperating test-taking competition. But the
drive to succeed is so strong they may only grunt at this and
reluctantly “bite the bullet of conformity." A “get good
grades at any cost" mentality begins to take hold' it must
especially for those who realize their futures couldcasily be:
determined by how well they do. “cumulatively”. on tests
Some might say: “in order to get accepted into law school
weneed high grades." Others would add: “lfa good grade
pomt average (G.P.A.) is achieved. high paying jobs will

I follow.:' Such statements are so common they should be
carved in marble. Fortunately. most students understand
that in actuality tests. grades. and most other conventional
means_of measuring academic performance are in many
ways. invalid; but the game must be played. Students are
forced into a frustrating situation where. for several years
of their early adult life. they must “bang their heads" and
tolerate round after round of tests and more tests They
must endure often cutthroat competition. Supposedly
routine testing and competition would inevitably acz
complish the enlightenment that is preparation for their
ambitious futures.

ironically. however, intense, competition in test-taking

could conceivably do the exact opposite. Students want to
succeed. This is true. however, the pressure to focus their
“studying attention" on “what's going to be on the
test"compcls them to subordinate the will to learn if it in-
terferes with scoring well on test. If how much one knows is

irrelevant to high grades then students must somehow ad'-
just; for students realize that being prepared for an instruc-
tor's examination is not synonymous to understanding all
the material. Tests, with all their gross limitations. measure
only a small fraction of knowledge learned. Who could
sincerely argue that essay or standardized forms of exams
are intended to test everything learned from all of a pro-
fessor's assignments and lectures? And since students are
not given fair credit for all they learrf. butonlya minute part
they can express in tests. students are forced to devote neur-
ly all their ﬁnite energies in preparing to learn just that one
morsel of information on which tests are to be based.

“‘#4u%.ﬁiﬂ$t¢dr~¢u»:t .. .. ..._ - .V H _, ._ h
4 . . . . .. . .,  ......»s»..a._~.m....... ..

  

Parndoxically. students can in good faith work harder than
ever. receive honor grades. but relinquish the primary goal
an education presumably provides-a comprehensive learn-
.ing experience. And logically. if sacrifices are made in the
area of learning. the objective to succeed must also get af-
fected. One might land a good job or win acceptance into
graduate school. and these are laudable achievements but
what of long-term success? Life does not continue within a
classroom. The real world awaits students without curing
how high their G.P.A.'s went. The real world requires
students. who are learned individuals. Success in the world
of salaries. promotions, and job security is not derived
front an ability to score well on tests. But this is how
students have been prepared for their futures; arid because
tests have limited their learning experiences they are
potentially. ill-equipped for success outside of thti
classroom.

This paradox of testing contains some very serious
elements. No one is claiming that the testing and grading
routine. which masquerach as the bulwark of enlighten-
ment. denies every student on education. Matty students
might actually believe it has fulfilled their personal objce-
lives in learning and future success. For tltein. there may

not be any inhibiting paradoxes. Others. however. may not
have this convictioti. indeed. many students are conscious
that testing interferes with and threatens the objectives that
brought them to college. it is they who stiffer ftotu the
paradox. Formal education may only benefit them “till
degrees of “high learning". But can these awards rciillv
make up for the injustices that testing has done tlicm'l
Unlike the students who benefit front testing. these other
students bit a bullet that reports: its detonation cart destiuv
their chances for success. I
The purpose here has not been to blame anyone In
anything for the burgeoning problem in formal education,
Testing is an unfortunate reality. btit tnatiy find it it
necessary evil. Therefore. a finger of blame is not to ilt'
potntcd. Conversely, any attempt at formulating a DilllilCt'tt
for this dilemma must also be avoided. Each itidividtutl stu-
dent has a different attitude toward the problem. that is. it
they believe one actually exists; and thus. it would he ituuip-
proprtate to offer a universal prescription to students with
differing Views. It is only hoped students are make tt\\tttL‘
that'their frustrations and criticisms of tcsling and tilt'
grading systetn are not irrational bin wholly jttstified. and
that there are many others who share in their confusion.

 

I HeaR We’Re
WiNNiNG me
_ WaR oN
tNFLaTt‘oN!

 

I

RaTTa TTarTaTETrarr' '
, ,1

 
   

a... .

W’—

   

   
     
   

 

Colleqa

Piers Service ‘t
em
but MTrt.

R Y
“eW‘é-NEA ~87.

 

 

 

 

{4;
‘3
ft
I.
K
E,

. .L‘. Jim—4’. ._..

 

L E

 

T T E

R S

 

 

Where is security?

To the Editor:

i am that "enraged" student that was mentioned in Oe-
tober 26th's ASP in the article “Thieves Vandalize 6 Cars
in tndlan Parking Lot." Anyone who has had their car
burglarized and their car stereo among other things. stolen
twice in lndian Quad's parking lot between May and mid-
Oetober would be enraged. Two acts of vandalism and two
burglaries in this parking lot within two years is too much.

Lieutenant Gus Polli stated in last Tuesday's ASP that,
“of the 26 departments in the SUNY system, this is the
best...". Evidently, "the best" is not good enough. It's not
even adequate.

Assistant Director of Public Safety. John l-lcnighan,
stated that this incident was an unusual occurrance and that
he didn't expect the criminals to be back. This is a
ludicrous statement. 1 have been a victim of this type of
crime twice within five months and three of these months
were spent out of Albany.

Where is security? Six cars in different areas of lndian
Quad‘s parking lot were burglarizcd in one night. My car
was parked underneath a light. it takes time to pick and
choose equipment with a high resale value.

Every year. students face increases in the cost of educa-
tion. Whether it's a tuition increase. an increase in the cost
of dorms. or university fee increases. it's quite unfortunate
that with the increases in cost to attend SUNYA that a
parking lost cannot be adequately secured against van-
dalism and theft.

——Susan L. Gentile

Kahane’s naivete

To the Editor:

As the rabbi who challenged Meir Kahane during his re-
cent speech at SUNYA. it should be clear that l reject his
understanding of both Judaism and Zionism. Although he
claimed to be speaking to ch5 alone. the public nature of
his comments requires a public response.

Kahanc's half-truths and characterizations of the
American Jewish community and its leaders appealed to his
audience because it recognized its own faults. But his scorn
magnified the foibles of American Jews into sins. Even as
he proclaimed that his message was “no guilt." Kahane us-
ed the conﬂicted feelings college students feel for their
parents’ achievements to win his crowd to a deniagogic and
racist program.

Kahane correctly pointed to aspects of Jewish tradition
which stress nationhood and particularism. He convenient-
ly ignored those parts which emphasize that Jews “are like
the Ethiopians." and that God cares for all people. He
justifiably criticized those Amcican Jews who assert their
universal concerns to the exclusion of their Jewish idens
titles. However. Kahane perverted the Judaic tradition by
shunting aside moral concerns and addressing only stit-
vivalitic fears. Kahane continually referred to God's un-
broken covenant with the Jewish people. but assiduously
avoided lsaiah’s directive that isracl be distinguished by
more tltan ritual and ethnic differences: “you shall be a
light onto the nations."

Ethical relationships with non—Jews were also of great
concern to the rabbis of the Talmud and to the early
Zionists. Kahane misunderstands the concerns of lsraeli
and American Jews for l’slestincan Arabs. Rather than be-
ing founded upon “breast-beating guilt". it is based upon
traits long associated with Jews. justice and compassion.
The lsraeli willingness to negotiate the future of Judeu and
Samaria does not betray a lack of historical infortnation.
Everyone knows that Abraham lived in what is sometimes
termed the West Batik. But the current political sitttation
and the need to find a tuiddle ground for Jews and Arabs to
live together mandates an intensive search for cooperation,
not hatred and expulsion.

Finally, Kahane falls into the same tragic trap that
cnsnarcd Simon bar Kokhba’s revolt against Rome in 136.
He foolishly makes messianic hopes the bases for current
policy decisions. il‘litit leads to a tnisperceived strength andI
to the crazed notion that lsracl has the ability to stand alone
in an increasineg interdependent world. If lsrael were to
behave as Kahuiie suggests. the state would be more
politically isolated than it is today. Kahane's program
would not lead to sccttrity. but the the destruction of the
State of lsrael. Political naivete is trot merely stupid; it is

immoral.
——-Rubbl Baruch Frydmun-Kohl

Draft inconvenience

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter about
found living on campus. A few weeks ago i decided. just to
uVOid hassles that might Occur. to register for the draft.
After hearing that there was it post office on Cttntptts. i
decided it wouldn't be hard to accomplish this. But. when l
gut there. the post office worker informed tiie that the of-
fice oti campus was not able to handle this. He told the that

another inconvenience l

1 would have to go to a post ofﬁce off campus. Considering
i don't have a car. as many other freshmen don't either.
and none of the off-campus post offices are on the SUNYA
bus route it was to become quite a task. Not too many peo-
ple with cars have time to drive me to a post office. so i had
to find another way. I ended up riding a bicycle to the post
ofﬁce on Fuller Road. almost getting hit twice.
Considering the fact that all incoming freshmen will now
have to register. most likely against their will. and that the
post office on campus is considered a "real" post office. I
feel that it should be able to handle draft registration. it is a
small form asking only for name. address. S.S.number.
date of birth and all the postman has to do is verify the in-
formation by checking some form of LB. and then stamp
it. If the U.S. government wants a draft registration then i
feel it is up to the U.S. government to make it as easy as

possible for us to register.
—Adam Foss

Sexual myths

To the Editor:

When i was in college duritig the years 1972 through
1976. 1 dedicated most of my titiie to working with groups
that addressed issues that affected women. Some of the
issues included sexism in language. rcprodtictive freedom
and violence against women. Our goal was to educate
ourselves and then to educate the women and men around
us. ( It was called consciousness raising. ) Most of otir
energy was focused oil the western New York University
campus that we were a part of. Sometimes. ( and not
enough ) we shared resources with the commuttity-at-ltirgc.

lti 1982. women's issues are iii local. state and national
view. l have returned to a college campus to pursue
graduate study. At a university level. some things have
changed. My professors don't tissumc that all professionals
( or all people ) arc utttlcs. They often use "he or she" if
getidcr is questionable. This college newspaper uses the
tcrtn chair. instead of assuming chairman. There is a cam—
pus Feminist Alliance that sponsors educational ( con»
sciousncss raising ) forums on a regular basis.

1 am wondering where Jonathan Miles ( "An Outside
View". ASP. Oct. 22. I982 ) has been during the years
I972—I982 when we have learned that tape. and other forms
of sexual abuse and sexual harassment have NOTHING TO
DO WITH SEXUAL ATTRACTION. RAPE ls /l
CRIME OF VIOLENCE. NOT SEXIIScxual abuse is an
act of power and aggression.

It is important for us to understand these myths and

facts:
>MYTHzThe primary motive for rape is sexual.
FACT:Sttidlcs show that the major motive for rape is tig—
grcssion. not sex and that most rapists have available sexual
outlets. Rape is a crime of violcticc and domination. com-
mitted by a man who uses sex‘ as a weapon.
>FACTzNo healthy woman can be taped because she is
able to prevctit it.
FACT:Sludics show that ntost rape victitncs have good
reputations iii the community. Any woman, regardless of
age. appearance. or social status cart bc raped. Victims are
picked because of their availability and seeming vulnerabili-
ty.
>MY'l'll1Womcn actually ctijoy rape.
l‘AC’l‘dylost women enjoy sex. Nobody enjoys bcitig in-
timidated and attacked. Nobody enjoys being llircatcncd
with injury or death. Nobody enjoys being ltttrt or
humiliated.

DMYTHzDomestic violence is restricted to poorly'
educated men arid women from lower classes or third world
groups.

FACTzPhysical abuse against women cuts across all
economic. social and age boundaries.

>1 MYTH: Sexual harassment is an issue of women being I.‘
too sensitive. ‘

FACT :Sexual harassment is a widespread phenomenom.
Studies indicate that 90 percent of all women surveyed list
sexual harassment as a serious problem. 70 percent have ex-
perienced sexual harassment and 50 percent said they were
forced to leave a job because of it. The Department of
Health. Education and Welfare ( new Health and Human
Services ) found that 80 percent of their women employees
have experienced sexual harassment.

Sexual abuse is about power. not about sexual attraction.
Physical ( and verbal ) assault is the most effective method
of keeping women “in their place“ and below the status of
men.

I agree with Mr. Miles on one account. "The end of sex-
ual abuse will not come when the male half of the popula-
tion is behind bars." Men have a responsibility in ending
violence against women. This means more than a refusal to
ctigtige in such behavior. Men must refuse to eondotie such
behavior in other men. Our culture has embedded nitiny
ncgative attitudes about women. Men often use this as a
justification for their actions or the actions of other men.
These myths allow men to ignore or dismiss violent acts
against women. Men tiiust work to tin-learn those culturally
reinforced images of misogyny. They must educate
themselves and talk to each allrer.

If the future of the non-sexist society we are working
towards is lit the hands of our children. it is otir respon-
sibility as parents. future parents and role models to
educate ourselves in order to educate our children. My vi-
sion is that men and women will share this responsibility.

—Mlndy Berran

Oral evaluation

To the Editor:

in the October 22 issue of the ASP appears art article en-
titled “T.A. Speech impediment." This article discusses
the probletn of ’l‘.A.'s with difficulties in oral communica-
tion and recommends that those Math students with pro-
blcms understanding their T.A.‘s attend the free tutoring
sessions in ES 151A. Has anyone on the ASP staff checked
oii these tutoring sessions?

“Speech impediment" in this room means a total lack of
communication due to foreign accents. l complained about
the situation. “Who does speak coherent English?" 1 ask-
ed. "No one. If they could speak English. they’d be in a
classroom teaching." was my answer. I was advised to seek
help from my professor arid hire a private tutor.

Why should students be forced to acquire a service for
moticy when that service is already provided for? Would it
ttot be rational to adjust the free service so that it could be
used by those it is intended for?

My professor has already added his ltinch hour to his of-
fice hours to acconiodatc all the students that cannot
understand these tutors.

The 53 students who signed this letter rcpresettt 95 per-
cent of those in class the day that lcircultttcd it. We recom-
tticiid that Dr. Childs TC'CHlillillc the language communica-
tion skills of the cttrrctit T.A.'s who conduct these tutoring
sessions. ‘

—Giiiny Newtuun

 

é

Eltlblllhld In 1916

Editorial
Nun Edllou . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
ASPcotI Editor . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Auocllto ASPoetI Editor
Sound Editor . . . . . . . . . .
Vlllon Editor .
Sportl Edltor . . . . . . . . . .
Auoclolo Sparta Editor . .
Edllollnl Plan Editor...
Contributing Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Edllorlll AIIlItIntI: Dobbin Judge.
wrllerl: Glna Aband. Howard Beach. Mlko Benson. Dave Elumkln. Beth
Erlnaor. Ray Calluluro, Kort cantor. HubertrKonnetn Dickey. Bill Flschur. Bob
Gardlnler. Barry Gellnar. Scott Gersottwor. Robert Gordon. Stove Gosaol.
Stuphon lnlnld. Denise Knight. Charles M. Greene. Illao Luvlno. Donna Mlcr
Mlllan. Ctaln Marks. Davld Mlchaoleon. Carl Patkn. Llsa Pazor. Karon PIIOlll.
Phil Plvnlclt. Linda Quinn. Ltr Reich. Randy Roth. Spectrum and Event:
Editor: Ronl Ginsburg.

Business
Bonnie Slovene. Business Manager

Nady Brod-r. Assoctala Bus/nus: Manager
Janet Drultun. Advertising Manager
John 'Irotlno. Salas Manager

. Mark Hummond.Torl Kaplowltz
. . . . . . . . . . .. Dobblo Mtllrnan
.Moqan G. Taylor

. .. Robert Schneider
Damion VanDonburph
. Marc Haapul
Mark Gesnar

...Ltsa Strain
Andrew Carroll

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

Karon SIrdoll.JudyTorol
Arlene Katlowllr
.. Jonntlor Bloch
. . . . ..Mtckiiy Frank
. . . . . . . t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .: Mallaou Waoborman
lo . Peter Forward. Noll Suaaman. Adv-mung Production
Mindy Horowltr. Susan Peerlman. Advent-Inn Production:

Bllltno Accountant: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Payroll Supervisor.
Oltlce Coordinator

  
 
 
 

 

Mun-pen:
Randoo Ben-r. Ronl Ginsberg. Jana Hirsch. Mlahollu Horowitz. Jullo Motrin.

Elaine Fluleell. Rhonda Wolf. Olileo all": Eltnan Newman. Ctly Peron

 

Dom Bell. Editor In Chief
Wayne Pcorlboorn. Managing Edllar

 

Productlon
Jack Durlchllu. Production Manager
D-vtd Mlchullon. Associate Production Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Cathie Ryan
VlrtchlCIma . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. BlllBonllIa
PIIIIMPI Jonlno ker. Mike Carmen. Leslie Fratktn. Gall Meryl. Patty Mll~
chall. John Moran Typlltl: Joyce Balk. Bill Bouncy. Erica D‘Adamo. Pat
Flnocchtaro. Joanna Glldoraleeve. Stove Gteenbuum. Elizabeth Hoyman. Gln~
ny Hubor. Bruce Park. Mark Walter chnullour: Joe Otlanakl

Chill Typuntlo

  
 

 

Photograph y

Supplied principally by University Photo Service. a student group

Chlol Pholoorlphlrt Dave Asher. UPS Stall: Chuck Bernstein. Alan Calam.
Amy Cohan. Sherry Cohan. David Hauaan. Mlchea Klteharn.-H|lary Lana. Ed
Marusslcn. Lots Mattobont. Alan Mantle. Susan Elaine Mlndlch. David Rivera.
Lira Simmons. Ettca Spelaet. Suna Statnkantp. Warren Stout. Jlm Valentino.
Marty Waleou. Wltl Yunnan

Entire contenll copyright to ma Albany Student Prul Corporation.

The Albany Student Press to published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an Independent
not~lor-prollt corporation.

Edltortala are written by the Editor In chlut wlth member: or the Editorial
Board; policy In subject to ravlew by the Etittortal Board. Adverllalng policy
does not necessarily rollool editorial policy.

Malling addrou:
Albany Student Press. CC 320
I400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(Elli) (57'88921332213389

 

 

 

