 

 

 

 

 

 

 

to... - _
It is" Never
- Late

Too
to Change

 

Michael

Once again tlte sweet smell of spring is
upon us. Students joyfully froliek around
the campus. the birds begin to chirp their
merry springlikc songs. professors can be
spotted participating in the famous Albany
art of podiaiing while the sun shyly invades
the gloominess of the ever so long upstate
winter. How glorious this all sounds!

With all tltis beautiful. mellow at-
mosphere comes tlte fttry of the SA elec-
tions. The excitntcnl. ilte glory — a stimula-
tion everybody cotrld feel. if only tltere was
not jirst so rniiclt apathy. Student Associa-
tion elections are for the whole sttiderit
body. because we are all members of this in-
stitution. Each and every one of us has the
same equal right to vote (that is if we still
have that ultravaluablc tax card) and of
course. the constitutional freedom to run
for ot'fice too. But. the question is; how fair

‘ is it really?

A student attends a college ideally in tire
prospect of learning arid experiencing life
bit a smaller scale among orie's peers. Elec-
tions for officials attd voting is jUsl attotlter
aspect of American society and therefore
sltould be treated as sticli iii tltc university
pseudoreality. Yet. it seems to tire that carri-
piis policy liiitits tlte type and quantity of
candidates that. in reality. have a chance to
win. it may not be as mitcli the alumni
apathy that causes such a limited number of
candidates. but more likely the cause of the
indifference itself.

Politics is an inevitable factor in any kind
of election process. Groups of candidates
band together to form their own little "cli-
qucs." trying to look oiit for themselves.
while at the satire time. if possible. help
their fellow ruiiiting mates. Friends cani<
paign for friends. Posters arc sircwn across
the podium. the quads. on the floor and
often even take to the skies. Campaigners
verbally advertise their slogans to tire
uninterested passers-by. handing out
leaﬂets. shaking prospective voters hands.
all in hopes of achieving that all important
goal — becoming the "winner." Just like
the real thing.

i may seem to criticitc these lonely soles.
but lit actuality i am not. They are the
minority_in this university. Most students
would not dream of participating in such
trivial matters. Most students do not really
“give a damn" who does the job as long as
it is not them. and that somebody does it.
As a matter of fact. i have the greatest ad-
miration for every one of these

“go-getters." who have the incentive.
whatever it may be. to go out and fight the
odds to accomplish their objective.

The problem i see is that there is a

Greenfield

system. even here at the State University at
Albany. This is true. There are basic rules
of the election game that just have to be
followed. and those that do not adhere to
these rules arc punished. in this case the
punishment is the label "loser." Not so ter-
rible; biit. why should one be a loser when
one can be a “winner.” All it may take is
that little bit of compromise. conceding
one's ideals in exchange for the reward.
What is so bad about a little unfair play?
All politicians do it.

I personally attended a meeting setup for
all candidaites running for any ofﬁce in the
SA elections. What was discussed was very
interesting and somewhat disturbing to me.
Candidates complained of others ripping
down their posters. and deliberately replac-
ing them with the oppositions'. There were
complaints voiced of directly disobeying the
rule of not campaigning on dinner litres.
and various other acts of “unsportsmanlikc
conduct." if there were loopholes in these
rules to he found. these persons rttntting for
office tirade it their business to fiitd and
lake ad 'antage of tltctit. My point is that
most of this combating really does no good
at all. Most of those who vote (a number,
according to recent tallies is no more than
twenty percent) do itot litch any knowledge
of what the candidates stand for. or even
what their qualifications are. if any.
Popularity seems to play the major role in
dctertnining tltc outcome of the election. i
do have to mention that the ASP endorse-
nterit also plays a significant role. too. So
why all the “dirty politics?" It serves no
useful purpose other than forcing (tilt of
contention those qualified pcrsorts who
simply do not want to pitt up with the dirty
tactics.

The elcctioti of school officials does not

have to be this way. though it probably
always will. Just because it is an integral
part of ottr present day American political
system. does not mean that it has to be part
of ours. here at the university. Everybody.
at ottc time or another. complains of the
"bureaucracy." and is affected by it. but
nobody wants to do the slightest thing
about it. This is our chance! We are living
in our own private community. with the
capability to establish our own set of norms
and unwritten laws. As young college
students. and politicians of the future. we
have the opportunity to do something now.
and show the world that we do not like the
way these things are run and we are going to
make an attempt to correct them. We have
to be the initiators of change. because
nobody will do it for us. it is never too late;
there is always next year!

 



The Party is Over

To the Editor: . ‘

What is a referral? A referral is an action
made by a person in charge (usually an RA
or dorm director) recommending that the
referred party take part in a Judicial Board

 

.hearing. during which the Judicial Board

makes the appropriate recommendation —
whether the referred party should be of-
ficially referred to the Director of Residen-
tial Life. in essence. it is a disciplinary
measure. it is. i feel. a beneficial facet of
on-campus housing. providing a sense of
order and following of the rules. it is also
beneficial becattsc the members of Judicial
Board are fellow students. the referred par-
ty is being interviewed by his peers. and it
serves as an educational experience. But.
when a referral is made late in the year.
upon people who are knowingly suspect. i
feel that the whole judicial process ltas
become a sham.

i will not delve into minute details. Let
me only say that the suite iii which i live was
having it party that rttrt quite late.‘ Ap-
parently there were some complaints by our
neighbors. Our dorm director subsequently
came tip to our room and told its that our
party had to end instantly. We immediately
told everybody to leave. the music went off.
and we retired to our rooms. The party was
over. About three weeks later my room-
mate tiiid I received a phone call from the
dorm director. informing us that we had
been referred “for the party." a charge not
covered in Student Guidelines. Let me say
right now that this is not the first time that
we have been referred. and there htid been a
certain animosity between ourselves and
our dorm director. But I have since been
told that this referral may be based solely
upon a grudge. ridiculous as it seems.

lain not writing this letter out of frustra-
tioit or revenge (I run. as l said. moving off
'anipus). htit out of disgust with the wltolc
residential disciplinary system iii general.
Perhaps. iii the ftttttrc. a less judgmental
attd less prejttdiced system will be formed.

— Robert Meder

 

Peer Advisement

To the. Editor:

Based on a random stirvcy. 74 percciit of
students entering SUNYA as freshmen are
undecided or will change their major by the
time they graduate. Over half of the polled
students felt they did not ask pertinent
questions when advised. More surprisingly.
70 percent of the students felt they had an
inadequate understanding of the courses
they chose after advisement.

Could these findings be the result of poor
CUE advisement? We don't think solAftcr
researching academic advisement from
various angles. it ltas come to our attention
that many students do not prepare
themselves adequately for advisement.

Could this lack of preparation and

 

 

 

 

 
 

WHO ARE YOU FOLK§ 1 ANY

WE CAN‘T Fix THE TV TONIGHT. WE’LL
dUET HAVE To TALK. 60, TELL ME,

    
   

WAY?...

wa'p BE THE
GREATEST MEN
'N HISTORY!

5H2;

am. «in

 

LEONID. LET’E: NOT
5T0? WITH A FREEZE. RID OF THEM.

 

 

l LET'é GET

N0 lNéANE

    
 

Aline RACE!
N0 TERRoR 0F
ANNlHlLATtON.’

NO NUKE5.

L

not”. v.“

 
 

 

WMWWanuuwmwnw-cwmw..~M

is.

understanding of the SUNYA curriculum
be decreased with the addition‘of student
peer advisement: 97 percent of those polled
thought that it would in fact be beneficial.
This student-peer advisement would serve
to enhance the already existing program by
assisting in the familiarization of SUNYA
and its academic program.

Students would have the benefit of being
advised on a one-to-onc student basis at
their own convenience. in an informal yer
informative atmosphere. These selected siti-
dent advisors would be formally briefed
and could provide an additional dimension
to advisement through their first hand ex-
perience accumulated at SUNYA.

Although the students wouldn‘t be pro-
fessionally trained counselors. they would
provide oltjcctivc and informative suggcs»
tions in regard to academic matters. Con-
sidering that 62 percent of tire polled
stttdents sought additional advice. from
fellow students there is obviously a need for
a program such as this.

We feel that student-peer advisement
would be art invaluable asset to both the
student and the already existing advisement
program. 

— Kenneth I’osner
— Bob Briiitner
RCO 204 Group I’mjec/

 

Spoiled Rotten

 

To the Editor: A ‘

After four years of school at SUNYA. l
have enjoyed and beared the tips and downs
that one experiences in any school. Yet
some of the incidents and squabbles l have
heard in the last few weeks i cannot let go. i
ant sick and tired of the attitude of a few
but distinct people in this school. The
selfish. all forine. screw everybody else at»
lititde. Don't get me wrong. it‘s only a few.
bill a few bad apples spoil the wltole bunclt.

The situation that's ticking itte off iri-
volves the mandatory presentation ol' I.l).'s
upon boarding a SUNYA bus. I don't like
it. many don’t like it. bttt that's not my
point. instead of using all their energy to
work for a compromise or to find r 'asons
for the initiation of this. a select few would
rather embark on a “spoiled brat. I won't
stand for it” policy. In a recent letter to the
editor (April 30), a certain individual wrote
cotitplaining about the systciit. saying he
won't stand for it. am! he doesn't plan to
waste lils tiiiie looking for his 1.1). to show
any bus driver. Great attitude! That kintl of

selfishness really gets problems solvch It"

you don’t like it tak the CDTA uptown.
That's $.50 a day. tv cc :1 day. about five
times weekly. That’s live dollars a week for
about I6 weeks. which comes otit to about
$80 a semester. What will you do now.
refuse to pay the CDTA fare? Then they
complain about surly drivers, and waits for
the bus. Should we send you a taxi to drive
you back and forth so you don't have to
wait. Everybody else does. Did you ever try
a hello, anti thank you when boarding and
exiting a bits. 1 always do and I've never
had trouble with a “surly” bits driver. Fur—
ther. it‘s pointless to blame the drivers. they
are just doing their jobs. The SUN YA bus
systems is one of the few that is still free.
arid itiost other universities have been using
1.1). bus systems for some time now. Please
don't misunderstand rue! Everyone is entitl-
cd to their opitiiotis. bill it just seems to me
that instead of pittlittg all your energies into
complaining. wlty don’t you defer tlicrii iii-
to doing something constructive to alleviate
the problem. There are many activist
groups on campus. and i know ntauy pt'ti-
ple itt lliclii who work cxtra hard to achieve
a means and solution to their goals. l'tii not
saying whether this system is rigltt in
wrong. l'm just expressing a point that in-
stcttd of siltiiig on your rear—cud with a
Shuilctl brat attitude. wlty don’t you do
sotiictliiiig about it?

Yet tlte attitude doesn't stop here. it in
volvcs other things. ('licrrtirig on tests fol
one. if some people spent littlf the time slit
dying for tests, lllklt'utl of rlcvt-lopinr:

tenant

' cheating schemes and stealing books and

notes. then many of them would have
perfect cums. Stealing is another thing. I
had it party'this weekend. arid everyone was
having a good time. bttt some moron who i
don't even know went searching through
my room and stole a large amount of
money. it's nice to know that you can trust
people. l'm tired of people who just sit
back and complain every time someone
tries to do something constructive. Many of
the events that occur are mocked and made
fun of. Never mind that someone worked
extra hard and long to plan the event. The
apathy is ridiculous. As a former football
player. i felt this on gatne days. It‘s ttot the
fact that people do not attend events, it's
the “that sticks" or “screw that“ attitude.
Nobody likes to wait on lilies during
registration either. but we all have to. so
stop being brats. All the selfishness in the
world does not make them arty sltorier.
There are Other people in this area who at—
tend SUNYA besides yourself. _

t — Bob Lupiirello

1|.

"  ayles Walls

To tireI Editor:

We would like to express our concern at
the way Shari Reich. the Residcitt Assistant
for sc 'ond floor Saylcs. acted as a Universi»
ty Official during a private birthday party
in room 32! Sayles on April 23. Through
lter poor judgement. authoritarian attitttde.
arttl lack of ability to deal with people on a
human level. Ms. Reich escalated a minor
iiicideitt into a l’ullflcdged confrontation iii

 

~ which tltc University Police were summon-

cd into a situation where they were not
needed.

Ms. Reich came to tooth 32! on Friday.
April 23 at this pm. and demartded that
the sterco's volume he turned down. despite
the fact that quiet hours didn't begiit titttil 2
tt.iii. arid that ii person who lived next door
ttt roorit 32! said that the party was quiet
criouglt that she could have gone to sleep
witli no problem. Still. gcltliig a party to
turn their stereo down is a relatively simple
task which most competent RA's could
handle with little problem.

However. Reich managed to antagonirc
everyone in the party shortly after entering
ilic roorit. ltistead of politely asking that the
stereo's volume be tiirited down. site prov
cceded with arrogance and hostility to
threaten party members. No threats were
necessary. The people at the party were in a
good: mood and would have gladly
cooperated with anyone that didn‘t act in as
iiistilting ti riianncr as Reich. As it was. the
volume of the stereo was turned down very
shortly after Reich made ltcr first order.
l-lowever. Reich barged out of the rooiii
and cattle back shortly after. first with a
Dorm Director. and then with the Universi-
ty Police. By the time the police got there.
over half of the party had left. and Reich
proceeded to have the police harrass those
remaining.

— Hemk Westra
— Dirk lllineha
and 28 other signature:

Illegal Possession

 

To the Editor

This is an open letter to all students from
the State Quad .Iudicial lioai'd. it ltas come
to ortr attentioti. via a recent i‘cfcrrttl. that
tile poss s aittl use of cltuka-sticks (two
sticks made of solid material connected by a
rope or chain) had become IstllllL‘Wllitl
prevalent at ottr university. We see this as a
serious threat to the safety and well—being
of otir entire population.

Chirkn-Siiclts are dangerous and illegal
weapons; they are not toys. lit the hands- of
an expert to black belt of certain martial
arts) they are as leriiltttl as any weapon. In
the hands of tilt auntture they are even more
dangerous. for they may lturt or even kill
their user. like any weapon their rut-rc
possession constitutes Lt clcru .lllil present
danger iii that it li‘tlvcs or oil lltr' ptr.-.iliilr‘t\

 

of their being used in a deadly manner at
any time by anyone. in view of the high
number of weapon-related deaths yearly.
most ofwltieh are inter-family in nature. we
view this as both a serious and viable con-
cern.

New York State has made the possession
of chuka-sticks punishable by up to one
year of imprisonment. We are in agreement'
with the strong stand which the State has
taken. arid our recommended sanctions for
use and possession of these weapons reflect
this. We therefore itnplore all students who
possess such weapons to get rid of thetn as
soon as possible.

— John Furlong
?or the Stale Quad .Iurlicitrl Board

UAS Comes to Us

 

 

To the Editor:

University Attxiltiry Services. a not-for-
profit organiratiori, is responsible for the
food services. boivlittg alleys. and ti number
of other operations on this campus. U.A.S.
earns its money l'roiit all of tltcsc stttdcrit
supported endeavors. Norb Zahm. tlic
geiteral manager of U.A.S.. has made it
known that his corporation is consideriitg a
number of projects that will possibly re-
qtiirc a large expenditure of these U.A.S.
rclaiited earnings. Some of the projects
under consideration include: constructing a
recreation/field house building. a combina-
tioti ice skating/rollerskaiing rink and irri-
provcmcnt and expansion of the Mohawk
campus.

Recently. a group of students front Alati
Kaplan's RCO 204 class conducted surveys
to detcrtiiine. what exactly it is that the
students would like to see their U.A.S. fee
surplus channeled inio. First. the group
cotidttctcd an open-ended pre-survey to
generate ideas for possible projects that the
sttiderits would like to see instituted. The
group their composed a fortnal survey that
was distribtitcd on dititicr lines and around
campus. The formal survey was a coiiibina-
tion of the most popular ideas from the pre-
survey and ideas generated by the U.A.S.
Planning Committee. The surveys found
the rollerskttting rittk as their first choice
frorii the U.A.S. generated ideas. From the
student generated ideas. the nutnbcr one
choice was to improve ilic facilities around
litdiari Poiitl to accoruodate boating.
fishing. tiiid picnicing. The survey also
found that nearly severity-five pcrceiii ol'
the students polled would be willing to pay
a itoittiiitil fee tovards the implementation
of ilicsc projects.

—- 'l‘ony Reenpero

‘X’ Rating for SA

To the Editor:

 

 

Now that the Student Association elec-

tions are over for another year. there is
another important matter that cries for at-
tention. For at least the past two years.
mandatory strident fees that fund SA have
been viler misused to purchase X-ratcd
flicks that are shown regularly right oti
campus iii the lecture centers iii llte even-
iltgs. On April 23 attd 24 Marilyn Chambers
and her noxious bed fellows cavortctl across
the screen iii LC 7. The price was only a
dollar because of SA funding. SA is wrong
if it thinks lltis is higher. progcrcssivc
education; it is lower. regressive still”. a
return to the primeval swamp. This dirt is
also openly advertised. This situation is ttot
only personally iitsttltiiig. but it is an insult
to SUNYA illlil Albany. lf SA wants to
cater to bttse studctil likings. let llicrn lakc
students to downtown Albany. Don't
defame SUNYA's facilities with your trash
anymore. tltrougli SA. or Use our money to
finance ii.

—— Nitrite Withheld hy Request

 

Friday‘s paper will be the last
.4 SP of the semester.

 

 

Yesterday as Today

"Those National Guardsmen are not monsters. they are husbands, son. and
fathers. neighbors of yours. "

"It is really something when you see a girl lying on a streeher. her face can-
torted and swollen, and then, you [the w. they pick up this sheet and slowly lay it
over her. "

wclvc years ago today was an important day. Four students were killed
Tand nine others were injtircd when Oltio National Guardsmen opened
fire at Kent State University.

People all over the country. already stunned by the invasion of Cambodia.
were shocked by the killings. Students at almost every university in the country
stopped classes in protest.

Kent taught this country ntany lessons. We learned that our government
would use violence against its privileged members. not just the poor. We learned
ltow quickly the blante for the killings could be passed.

We learned ltow vital communications can be. The deaths at Kent State
were partly caused by a university administration unwilling to communicate
with the students.

We learned ltow d -adly alienation and polarization can be. The federal and
state governments described the protestors as "worse titan the brown-shirts and
cotiiinunists . . ." By paintiitg them as an extreme — by lying -— they rationaliz-
ed their mistakes.

We learned how dangerous the "game" of protest can become. After guard-
sttteii fired tear gas canisters at protesters. the protesters and troops would toss
the metal cylinders back and forth. almost like a game. The game ended when
the canisters turned into bricks and bullets.

Did we really learn anything frorii the events on that spring day twelve years
ago? The country is still as closed-minded as ever. The Reagan regicin polarizes
the wealthy and poor in an insane reversal of Robin Hood's theme. We still
romaitticirc the act of protest biit forget the good it can achieve and the harm it
sometimes causes.

The only to way to prevent horrors like Kent is talk. Lots of it. Understan-
ding. Aiid even more thought. We remember the past so we're not doomed to
repeat it. it's important to ttndcrstand what happened twelve years ago. twelve
montlts ago. and twelve days ago.

r

 

ASPrztj’t‘s

H“

trill rli ‘Ilrtllt'r mrqrurrll

Established In 1915
Dunn Bull. Edllor Ill Cruel .
Wnyno Paar-boom. David Thlnhnuur. Managing Edi/or:

. . . . Both Brineor
Mark llarnrironrt. fort Kaptowltz
.... ., .Atidrow Carroll

 

NIwn Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . ,
Aﬂoat-tn News Edltor
ASPocll Editor .. ...
Alloclnlu ASHeII Editor. .

   

   
 
 
 
   
    

 

David Brooks

 

  

Sound and Vlllon Editor . Mark l’tossler
Sportl Editor . . . . . . . . . .. ... . . ... .. . .. Larry Kuhn
Annotate Sportl Editor! . . Michael Cannon. Mark Gunner
Editorlll Pie" Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .. nan Levine
copy Editor . . . . . .. .. . . . . . . . . .. Claire Schneider
Contributing Edllorl . . Rob Edeluteln. Susan Mtllluln

Editorlll Alllitant: Mike Rnlll. Sllll wrltorl: Fuleclu Berger. Ray Calla ur . onntu Campbell. Jerry Cumplona,
Ken Cantor. Hubcrt~Konnolh Dickey. Jlm Dliron. Rob Edolstaln. Bill Fischer. Bethany Goidstotn, Ken Gordon.
Stove Gonetl. Marc Haspel. Stephen ltiloldl DobbluJudnn. Craln Marks. Jon Milan. Dabble Mtllrnari. John Moran.
Carol Nowhouue. Madeline Puucuccl. Phil Plvrtlck, Steven Popper. le Reich. Robot! Schneider. Marc Schwun.
Llsa Strata. Start lrlllil: Bah Buubee. Steven Loluin. Spectrum and Evenll Editor: Betsy Burnout. Zodiac and
Preview Edllor; Lisa Strain. Sllll Emerltul: Bob Bellulloru. Laura Florentine. Frank J. Gil. Steven A. Gutenberg.
Rob E. Gruhman. Sylvtii Saunders. Built Solar, Joanna Walnut.

Bonnie Stovlnl. Buslnass Manager
Jun-l Drellun. Advnrllslng Manager
John Trot-no. Sales Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Hady Erodar. Judy 8. Santa. Karon Saroott
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Ariana Katlowllr
...Joriniter Block
.. Marla Garbnrlno

Billing Accountunll. . . ..
Payroll supervisor .. .
Gill 0 Coordinator . . .
Clulllled Mlnuuur ,
Composition Manager. .. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Mr.tl|ssti Wassorrnun
Advlrllllna Sal": Andrew Horn. Dubbln ltlttnst. Mtritiy Schulniari, Advortlllng Production Mlnl It: Dianna
Gluealii. Advertlllng Produellon: l’tonl Ginsburg. Mindy Horowttt. Susan Poailninn. Elaine Russell. Olllco Stall:
Jariol Guilt. Patricia Hainrnur. Atlcu McDutmotl. Judy Total

  
 

 
    
 

 

 

Jack Durlchlnu. Production Ittunugtir
Ann Hoch, Associate Product/an Manager

...Cultiltr llyan

 
 
 
 
   

oat-t Typo-otter . . . , . . . . . . . ..
VIrtchlCamIrI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .... BIII tirrrutlu
Pllllrupi Lorl Coruun. David Mtcl oyco t'lrilk. Lynda Bunvanuto. Tina Boaln. Carol Bury. Mary

0 VP
Duncan. Eltlnbolh Hayriitin. Vlrulnta Hutior. Mttrtri Garbnrlno. Joanna Gullrtoraloova. September Klolri. E .u.ilyti
Luvtnti. anl Strilil. Llrida liiIII

Pltolonrlphy. Suppl/ad principally by Urrtvarsrly Photo Snrvrco

Chlirl Photograph-r: Marc Heiischul. UPS Stall: Dnvu Arthur. Laura Boutlek, Alan Culnm. Kurl Chan. Amy i when.
Sherry Cotton. David ltauauri. Duvltl Lopalulnt. Lola Mallaoont. Alan Mantle. Suit Mlndlch, Mark Nolauri. :iutia
Stolnliarnp. Walton Stout. Matty Walcon. Gall Wutuon, Wlll Yunnan

The Albany Slutiont Press is publtshntl uvtuy Tuesday and Friday durtnn the school your by the Albany Student
l‘ruuri Corporation. an Independent riot-lor~nrollt corporatlon. Editorials are written by the Editor in Chin! with
niuriihrrra of tho Editorial Board; policy In uuhlacl to review by tho Editorlttl Board. Advertising policy lltlt‘ti not
“ iiitluai editorial policy.
Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 320
t-tutt Wiiultlnplon Avrr

Albany. NY l". ‘
(bill) ‘15?‘“5‘U£IJ

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
      

|
l
l
l

 

 

 

 

