L.

'« --e:-.~:'='=...-. m........-_... , -.._ ‘s‘ExQ-t. .. .

    
 

 

 

 

 

  

     

. ' I 2 V
WASHINGTON. D.C. — THIS city has never been known for selling new
trends, and the latest lad in the nation’s capital is no exception. Our leaders
finally seem to be picking up on a trend that swept the country several years
ago - the Worm. Here we see some of Capital Hill's finest indulging in the
squirming dance craze in front of a downtown Washington hotel. The man
in the foreground seems particularly adept. We're not sure who the joker
swinging the machine gun is. but he's ntmorcd to he an uvunte-gurde

sculptor from the Village.

My BUDGET CUTS WERE MORE DRA‘STIC'l'I-iAN I KNEW§

 

a... its... at no 
THE BIGGEST MAN
’ Ge't‘s To PUSH
T‘He BUTl—ON'

(-:

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  

ON A SAD note. a Post photographer was killed today by this ca’i‘I I
can figure out the license plate number obscured by the bum ‘3
award you a free personal.

v . WHAT‘S all this debate on guns
IT‘S LONELY at the top. President nowadays? Midwestern cities are.

 

Reagan would certainly tell you
that. On his recent tour of
midwestern legislatures, security.
was so tight Secret Service agents ‘
removed every urinal (except one.
of course) from the men's room of
Iowa’s capitol building before they
aIIOWed the Cheif Executive to
relieve himself. You never know
where those Libyans might be
hiding.

 

\

you proud to he (Ill Amer/con.

banning them. southern cities are
requiring them, and where does that
leave Mr. Mass Transit Rider?
Well. this little piece is what you're
looking for. it's a .357 magnum
with dum-dums that’ll blow the
guts out of any self-proclaimed
socialist trying to nationalize some
of your hard earned bread. This six-

shooter is standard issue now for.

the expanded Guardian Demons.
\

. . . ,- . ,
ii’H/i 1‘ WITH ull this noise about the tullimrv (litvruuimltint: against hummnvtlois it ‘s gum] to .m- I m t’:' ‘
Stun doing something about it. Here's Ilil' In'ivlu/ut‘tliul Lavender lie/'01s on .liv/(l t'.\‘t’f('i.\'t'.‘.'. Sur/ lt/ mum

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
    
     
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  

 

 
  
 

OUR ROVING photographer caught the out-going GM of a eltwn
SUNYA radio station in the act of improving his pop record collection at
tile expense of the simple, non-commercial organization. See you before
Central Council. Mr. Manager  .

It’s Really i  .'
True.r

SPEAKING about Central Coun-
cil. rumor has it that a highly placed
FiComm official said at an lrish of-
fair in the Ballroom. “l‘m glad
there are no fucking ttiggcrs here."
t‘ould this be the some person that
so strongly opposed I’an-Carribean
Alliance’s appeal for more fun-'

oasis sax

r Dow: cemetaw. we . ..
HULO from éhfl‘lm'

 

 
   
 
 
  
 

By air mail
PFIIE‘WO"

i.
W. .A -. Au rm srcoe.
I’U'CVL‘KL 5A P" um: “a m 5:4 (JO-"q

UntVerm—Y COM *0 OJ

go), at a, peptuttow wt»: w—t 34 04mg, (La/Ha
l . 
t

(“mint/f I {7th admtf‘ 1"
U444“. "ta Spa—L (a (AW"H~  wGShI’i‘bn Mt

“wv'd 3w ,nvoluedf found,
a” w any, at 4N1 Mob tic/I‘M Alba/t7
r w ""4— 44 1 WI

LONE" "‘5 ““VW’MU‘M Ill/WV N\/ In)»
button, aﬁu'bulw,“ ﬂu.“ ! I

 
  
   
 
 
 

drum um two one! u but"

   
  
  
    

3" uJ-l (are: '

  
 

F u 'mﬂwﬂaudon _
fr°|ﬁwalm "2"]- Na L It:ll1t"0t‘¢tl,’
I... m. .m .m. 1 C

 
 

I I. "‘1 'atWP’hNZIZiIIELV/l/‘IW “3.; r; avatuiw

 

     
  

 

 

I
“LL 02/5 4 don’t Le} m 451° 7&3ng mm.

 

No 0:15 reclty Wade it
I

 

 
 
 

  

A’i . - 

THOSE witizzcs at Atari have a
new arcade video game on the
market. They call it. “Rapid
Deployment Farce." You’re given
2.000 paratroopcrs. several aircraft.
and a desert. The object of the
game is to kill or maim as many of
the paratroopcrs jumping out ol‘thc
planes as you can. You can
eliminate ’troopers by having their
parachutes fail to open. landing
them on heavy pieces ofcquipmcnt.
or dragging them across the desert
with 40-mph winds. At only .a
quarter a play. it's a real bargain.

SA Shines

ANOTHER Student Association
executive branch is winding to a
close. With the past dissapoint-
ments. the present administration
has been a relief to many a weary
student. The outgoing rcgiem.
however. has been a dissapointmcnt
is several respects.

This adtninistration has failed.
like its predecessors. to sufficiently
develop the fourth floor of the
Campus Center. Suggestions for thc
duai»winged high itoly place have
ranged from an Art Gallery exten-
sion center (for the graffitti freaks)
ton new lounge with full size water
pipe. Will the students of this
university always be dissnpointcd?

Thc vice-presidents of this e»
ccutive branch ltuve shined. The
first used his head. The second used
her mouth. Sunglasses are optional.

‘- Dave. buttons and

 

WOW! Ex-student government leader writes home to tell about tourism

and newspapers.

  

mugs are required for any well-
cquiptcd Al'gttn office.

 

communists were quickly replaced, and the Bugle is "um . .
' ettn and r .
thg) once again. P 8( r mm

as»

THE REAL reason why Guv Carey isn't running for re-eiectlon't This ex-
clusive photo tells the story. Albany political boss Erastus Coming and
Engie Carey are shown here in their secret love nest In Cohoes. Soon after
Hugh brought his blushing bride to the Capitol City Eagle and Erastus fell
madly in love. Rumor has it that Hugh wants to get the condo queen away
from Albany ASAP. so he's decided not to run again. Our sauce set Hugh
a Engie will re-settle in the Windy City.

A
BtG LABOR is everywhere. That's what the citizens of Butte, Montana
discovered last .week. The mayor was forced to call in slate troopers when
newspaper corners/or the Butte Bugle when out on slrike. The short-pants

   
  
 
        

  

LEM

 

