  

 

 

 

 

 

 

awaits

Wart!!!

Judge overturns draft laws,
says free speech violated

 

By Deborah Belgium W.“—

tsstti I III'I)I’RI.\\ It ILR___W4_

. Los‘ Ange/es. Cull/Z

MP) A federal jrrdge. citing a legal technicality. tossed
out regulations that reqtrire millions of young men to
register for the draft and also said the government cannot
selectively prosecute registration rcsisters.

ln knocking out the government's case against 21-year-
old David Wayte. U.S. District Judge Terry Ilalter .lr. titl-
ed Monday tlttii tlte Selective Service System slroitld ltavc
waited 30 days for public cotttrnettt before enforcing it draft
registration proclamation issued by President Carter in
Witt). , '

"The corirt cannot close its eyes to the fact that the pro-
.larnatiort became effective a riicre Zl days after it was
published in the Federal Register.“ llattcr said in his rul-
'llg.

llattcr also ruled titat the government had violated
\\'aytc‘s free speeclt rights under the U.S. Constitution by
prosecuting only the vocal opponeitts ot' the draft. He also
cited the government's refusal to turn over ct iderice. arid its
refusal under the doctrine of exectttive privilege to allow
Wltite House corrriselor Edwin Mcesc ill to testify. it was
unclear ltow ilattcr's ruling would affect the registration
process or tile fortr rrtcn convicted of resisting registration.
The government says 8.9 million men have complied with
the act. while 585.000 men have failed to sign tip.

U.S. Attorrtey Stephen Trott said lltc iiitlge's order
would be appealed immediately to the ‘)tlt U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals.

if the appeals cottrt reverses llatter's decision. the indict-
ment against Waytc will be reinstated and proceedings will
resume. Trott said. lie had no further coiitrtieitt.

Mark Rosenbaum. one of Waytc's attoi tieys. said he was
“pleasarttly stunned" by ilic ruling. and believes it it is
upheld on appeal. the nation‘s critiie draft registration
system may be invalid.

“it means the whole draft is out." lte said.

Rosenbaum said Iltat if iltrttcr‘s decisioti is upheld. the
convictions of four other draft rcsisters could he overturn—
ed. .

Wayte. a former philosophy strident at Yale University.
said. “i am very happy riglri now because the judge
dismis. d the casc...i think this is a very big victory for us
and a big setback for tire Selective Service system."

In his decision. llatter said he recognized “the
widespread effect that a decision grantittg defendant's mo»
tion to dismiss due to the illegal promulgation of the pro-
clantatiort will have on this nation's Selective Service
registration program.“

But he said the government failed to prove \\’aytc had
not been the subject of selective disctiitiiriatiori in the pro»
secution of draft registration rcsisters.

Before Hatter's decision was released. the government
announced it has shifted tactics in its crackdoer on tncn
vvlto haven‘t registered. The government said Monday it
would scrtrtinize Social Security rolls and tax records in an
effort to catch more non-registrants.

Hatter ruled that Carter's presidential proclamation on
July its. l9RO. ordering all young men to register for the
draft tvitliiit 30 days of their lilth birthday was invalid
because the itiitial registration period began nine days too
soon. _

The Selective Service Act passed by Congress says the
public has to be given 30 days notice before arty presidential
proclamation based on the act cart take effect. llattei‘ said.

The former president. who arrived irt l.os Angelcs on
Monday nigiit to tape a television prograrrr today. cotrld not
be reached for comment. A spokesman said Carter had
gone to bed and declined to wake him.

in Washington. Thomas K. Turnagc. director of the
Selective Service System. could not be reached for corti-
mcnt because he has an trnlistcd telephone number. Kim
i-loggard, a spokesrttan at the White House. said there
would be no immediate cortirnerit on the ruling.

 

Shuttle forced down today

Cape Canaveral. Ir'lu.
(AP) Disappointed. their mission incomplete. the shuttle
crew prepared for Tuesday's return to Earth after NASA's
new space suits malfttnetioncd with two astronauts stan-
ding at the doorstep to open space.

"You know how Monday mornings are." ground corn-
nttinicator Robert Stewart said. Monday afternoon was no
better. Repair efforts failed and NASA abandoned a plan
to keep Colrintbia tip an extra day for a Tuesday walk. An
oxygen fan sputtered to a stop on Allen's space suit. "them
with Lenoir poised for a less ambitious test in Columbia‘s
airlock. gauges showed-that his suit wasn't at the proper
pressure. Landing to end Columbia's five-day mission is set
for 6:34 a.m. Pacific time. on the concrete runway at Ed-

Speaktng up for the disabled

Gloria Joseph. feminist author and professor of Social
Science at Hampshire College. will speak on “Racism.
Sexism. Anti-Semitism and Discrimination against the
Disabled“ as part of the President's l982-ilJ Lectureship
Series. The talk will take place on Thursday. Noverriber
til at 3 pm. in the CC Assembly lfall. Refreshments will
be served. arid all are invited.

Midnight madness

LC 19 will be open as a study area from 9 p.ni. to mid-
night seven nights a week through the eiid of the semester.
llottrs may be extended further during final exam period.

A workstudy student will maintain quiet study condi-
tions and monitor use of the room. If students use the lee-
tiiie center. the arrangement will continue rtext semester.

 

Picture perfect

Photographer '.v I-‘orurn magazine is announcing its
Third Annual Strident Photo Contest, offering over
53.400 in prizes arid a chance for any college student to
ltavc his/her work published. The subject matter is open.
attd students may enter as many biack-and-white prints.
color prints. or slides as they wish.

Btit .hnrry! Contest closes Novcrrtber 30. l9t42. l-‘or
iriore information. write I’Itulugmpltcr'x Forum. 25 West
Anapamu Street. Santa Barbara. California. 93l0l.

     

 

Back for blood

The Red Cross Bloodmobile will be on Campus
Wednesday. November 17. frotn l0 a.tn. to 4 p.m. in the
CC Ballroom. All potential donors are urged to register
with the Pre-Health Professionals. who are sponsoring
tlti bloodrnobile. prior to the day of its visit.

Student teachers still can

if you are planning on doing your student teaching dur-
ing the academic year l983-84. the director of Student
Teaching requests that you make sure you are enrolled in
the teacher education program and that you register for
student teaching.

Registration will trike place at the following dates and
places: Business Education. November 29. ES l24. and
November 30. BA 22le English. December 1. El) 124;
Math. December 2. ED IIS; Science. December 3. ED
“5; Foreign Languages. December 6. ED i24; and Social
Sttrdies. December 7. ED “5. All registrations are held
front 9 a.m. — 5 pm.

For ntore information. contact the Department of
Teacher iiducation. El) llfl. at 457-7752.

Communicate!

Applications are rtow being accepted for the SASU
Foundation Communications internship Program. Three
students will be selected to work on a wide range of issues.
including financial aid. the SUNY budget. the cost of
higher edricatiort and university governance. Applicants
with experience in areas such as graphics. writing/repor-
ting. rescarclt. photography. and production are sought
to work on Grass-roots. SASU’s motrthly news magazine
and on pamphlets. posters. reports and ritedia coverage of
statewide SASU events.

The internships carry a small stipend and full academic
credit cart be arranged. For more information. write: .
SASU l-‘oundation Internship Program. One Columbia
l’laee. lst l’loor. Albany. New York. 12207.

 

 

 

wards Air Force Base in California.

“The mission was a success. with or witltotit the space
walk." said (ilynn l.rrnncy. shuttle program manager.
noting the crew had completed its tnain mission A deploy-
ment of two commerical satellites.

lhc space walk ltad originally been scliedrtied for 3%
ltoiiis on Srind: ' but Lenoir hart motion sickness arid it
was prrt off one day. There has not been an American space
walk since February 3. 1974. This was the first walk ever
scrubbed.

  

Stock prices decline again

New York
(AP) Stock prices suffered their largest loss irt three weeks
Monday amid sortie nctv doubts about the interest-rate
outlook.

Rates rose in the bond and short-term money markets.
partly in response to money-supply statistics issued latc iii
the day by the Federal Reserve.

The Dow .lortcs average of 30 industrials tumbled 18.4‘)
to l.02l.43. its biggest decline since it took a near-record
drop of 36.3] points on October 25.

Congress approves interest

li"ushinglnn, l).C.
(Ai’) Federal regulators voted Monday to let most banks
and savings associations offer depositors new high-interest.
$2.5lX)-minimrim accounts designed to compete with money
market muttial funds.

The Depository lristitrrtioris Deregulation Committee
voted 3-2 to set the minimum. at federally iitstircd institu-
tions. despite ttvo itrctnbcrs' arguments that setting any
minimum might keep the account froin being trirly coni-
petitive with the funds.

Congress recently authorized creation of the accounts.

 

 

 

Correction

in art article eritilled “Redcfinition. Strictcr Rtrlcs At-
tempt to Curb Cheating." the paragraph which cited
pressure on students as a primary 'reason for cheating was
incorrectly attributed to Prof. llarry Staley. Actually. Ex-
ectrtive Secretary of the Cotttrnitttee on Student Conduct.
Henry Kirshner brortglit out this point. I. ,

 

 

ordering that they be "directly equivalent to and corti-
petitivc with" the private funds. which ltavc more than
tripled in assets to over $200 billion in less than two years.
’art of those gains. by all accounts. have bcctt at the ex-
pciisc of the nation‘s savings institutions. where
withdrawals have outpaced deposits.

Walesa rejoins Solidarity

Gdansk, Poland
(AP) Lech Walesa renewed his allegiance to the indepcn<
dcnt labor movement Monday brit took a cautious litre
toward the martial-law government aitd urged his stip-
porters to confine themselves to pt.“ ' fttl action.
lie also said he tieeded at least a month to get acquainted
with the situation itt Poland and decide his future course of
action.

 

“I was. i atn and l will be faithful to the spirit of
August." said Walesa. referring to the Atrgirst l‘)ll0 agrcc-
meat that iaiitieltcd the Solidarity labor federation.

“I will nor depart form the letter of that agreement.“ he
told his first news conference since his release after it mori»
lbs- of detention. Btit he added. in a vcirt reminiscent of his
moderating inliuence oti the trriiott before his arrest. “As
you know. I never wanted to destroy or ktiock anything
out. i artt for peaceftii solutions."

Mayors to urge spending

New York

(Ai’)A group of mayors said Monday they will irrgc
President Re' art and Congress to find away to spend hun-
dreds of billions of dollars~possibly tltrortgli a
Reconstruction Finance Corporation~to create jobs and
rebriild the nations infrastructure.

“We're talkitig about...a corrplc of hundred billion
dollars.‘ remarked Mayor Coleman Young of Detroit.
“We‘re not talking peanuts."

Young, president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors.
ritade the estimate at a news conference after a special
meetiitg here of 17 of the nation‘s mayors arid several
btisiness. labor arid a 'adeniic leaders to draw tip a plan for
national economic recovery.

Besides an RFC to help prtblic and private investment in
eitie, their recommendations for financing the fight
against urtcrnploymeritirrctuded'a minimum 'asoiine tax iti-
c‘reaSe di‘5“ to it) ceitts'ttnd'ti drilbitck on't‘he iiefenke biiilget.

 

 

 

 

“7...... u...“ .. u 1 .

* tantrum?

NOVEMBER [6. [982 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

—v'

New athletic director hired for next semester-

By Mitre Schwarz
assoc” rt. .sl’tlll rs- int/ore
The division of Physical Education.
Athletics arid Recreation (PEAR) has an-
nounced the hiring of a new director.
William Moore. forrtier athletic director at
Central Connecticut State College will start
his job in January. replacing t’at Rogers
who has field the position of acting
director since September.

 

“l have no plans to change anything
comirtg in. except to continue management
of the division." said Moore. "There is lit-

 

Hill]

9030“ Elohim” 
l.tlu'/_v trssor'iule ttl/l/t'lii‘ l/ll't’t'lfll'.

 

By Steve (ioss‘el
F_ sir/t ttR/IIR ___‘__

A newspaper report that sttid SUNY has
lost millions of dollars over the last 30
years for failing to enforce earrtirtgs limits
on faculty ltas been disputed by SUNY
arid its faculty union. United University
Professions.

'l‘he Knickerbocker News reported last
Tiresday that a draft of an audit not yet
released by the State Comptroller shows
that medical and dental faculty at the four
SUNY health science centers have earned
well above state limits. Faculty members
are allowed to keep a portion of their
medical fees above their base salary. with
the rest going to the state.

However. at Downstatc Medical
Center. in Brooklyn the newspaper
reported that the audit uncovered SI.)
million irt excess earnings in Will). with a

 

 

 

tle prerogative to change a Division II or Ill
program.“

PEAR was upgraded a year and a half
ago by the university frorri a dcpartrrierit to

a division. "This gave tlte dcpartinetit
rriore clout. according to sports informa-
tiott director Mark Cunningham.

The division proceeded to searclt for a
director. added Cunningham. but due to

n

state ltiritig and wage freezes. it was not un-
til over a year and a second search cotnntil-
tee of administration. faculty and students
was formed that a director was hired. Dur-

ing this time period. the division was head-
ed by iilmcr Matthews and Rogers.

Moore has been the athletic director at
Central Connecticut State College since
I962. l'le itas also coached the basketball
and football teams at Central Connecticut
and prior to arriving at the school he was a
coach at Shepherd State College iii West
Virginia. "‘William Moore is very es»
pcricnced. lle has held this type of position
for 20 years rind is ttell known and
respected for his work nationally in
athletics." said vice-president ot univcisi
t_v' affairs l.etvis \\'clch. who has in charge
of the search committee.

Moore looks at the ittotc to .'\ii‘:lll} as an
“opportunity for a late career more." “i
hurt it stimulating. s\ii‘tllt\ is parallel in
scope to the job i do here." rttlllltlt‘ltlt'tl
Moore, “\\‘hcn the tit'u't'lttllttll r'.ttits' out. it
said Albaitv was .tilvcrtisirig tor .r tlttr‘ctoi
l'stiallv it'- t‘rrirr't lot .in
.tlitlcliv plitsrcai itlirvation
chairman. iiilv was a L'ildttet‘ to rum e into
tr parallel sitrtatioii something \\iti‘.il l'tr'

til .i divi-ion.
director or

enjoyed. It gives rric a chance to ctItIttilIltlit‘

similar lack ol'controls at Upstate Medical
Ceirtcr itt Buffalo. Tlterc are also health
science certters in Stony llrook and
Syracuse.

According to the newspaper. the audit
also criticized SUNY for not collecting
enough rettt frotn triedical groups that
operated iii the centers attd for allowing
personal expenses to be counted as part of
a medical practice.

The report has raised some controversy
because the audit is cttrrrciitly only a
draft. which was sent back to SUNY for
comment and possible changes to sat' fy
auditors. The State Comptroller's office
would not comment on the findings of the
draft. saying that the final report would
be ottt next rtiontli.

A prepared statement

 

released by

SUNY said “the auditing and accoun-

 

and develop."

Moore's liiriitg ends a lortg search by the
university to fill this position. When the
university first upgraded the department to
a division. lilnier Matthews. art Albatty ad-
ministrator near retirerirerit took on the
position irritil someone permanent could be
hired. said Cunningham. lit the beginning
of Will. coach Bob Ford. knowing of the
upgrading. wanted ac art slate of people it

 

work in the division. otl'ercd his resignation are poor field conditions.

as director of athletics. added Ctmn
ingham.
—

To assist him in his ncwjob. Moore is ex-
pected to name. Ford as associate athletic-
. director. “I would like Bob (Ford) to work
with me. Nothing has been solidified yet.
there has to be some written transmittals."
said Moore. “He would lend many‘years of
c\pcticttce to the post. l kriotv hirn. having
met hiiti through the NCAA. He would be
extremely valuable to me.“
) One of the major concerns facing Moore
"Bob Ford
- told me about the conditions. particularly
the drainage problem. i certainly want to

 

“William Moore is very experienced. He has held this type of
position for 20 years and is well known and respected for his
work nationally in athletics. "
—— Lewis We/clr. vice president of university affairs

\rt'oiding to lord. the first search totn~
iniltce recommended a director. birt a state
ordered freeze on itlllllt' prevented the up
pirrltttnetll.

\ltittlrctts retired Itl little and River-rs
took over the position or acting-rliiettor in
Scpterrrbcr. .\notlrcr st-vrich committee on.
lorincrl rllili lillt‘t |itt.iltsts \\t‘l\' Il|\ll"ti liIr
llii'l'tliiillil\ lilll:l\|k'\\s, lite trrrirrrrittee
rectttrrnrciulr'ri \lrmit iit|\\t'\t'|. .rv'~ «titliitc
to l ind. ‘vlvrrrrr' hurl problrtn it‘.l\|||;" ctr
irinrir-tlmlcls. .‘iuoic
lt'tttiL'tt'tl lit. tt'sn tittlltttt t‘iiL‘siHs litr' t Itti H'
the ‘vt'lllL‘slt‘l and will begin his diiircs .rt
.-\ii‘.lll) in .illllilrllV.

lrrti s t'llill'I ilslll

ting functions have been tightened tip.“
but SUNY commimications officer llngh
'l‘iiohey would not say if that meant
SUNY was conceding it lrrtd been lax irt
etiforeitig rules in the past.

“I doubt very rrittcli that it is true. it
sorrrids like innuendo to me." said Fred
Lambert of the UUl’. tltc union that
replesents the facility. regarding the
charges of dtrbiotis expenses.

SUNY attd UUP recently reached an
agreement that the SUNY statement said
would give the administration "a greater
degree of accountability than ever
before." The new agreement allows UUi’
rnetitbers to earn up to 250 percent above
their salary in medical fees. Previously the
figure was 175 percent. The maximum
amount a doctor cotrld now earn would he
SIRZJZS. tip front Sll7.0‘)0. Lambert
said that figure would be for a frtll pro-

work on it and i know it has ittL‘ll espresscvl
as .i ettltv'crtt. But that kind ot change can-
not Ivc cttectcd hi me alone. i won‘t brick
ll\\.l_\ trorri it. lnrt i can't say I'll change it.

lhcte's .1 lot that goes into it .iiid it will take
time. niaiot clirtni'cs don't t.ikc place over

nirlit," i'\|ii.lllit“_l Moore.

"lotrl. ltor-rrs and toe tr.riti.r tolrl iltt‘
I‘m turning in when things are i‘tttlti ‘.\‘rrri.
was titlllt Ibis past summer. iltt’ can. Ilrrvii
w.is It‘LiUlit‘

|ii.it'» .i |‘ilt‘- iii.l\L |lt'lii.tti‘

rtit 'v\.|ltil il‘tillll'r .Illii Allli limli'n‘ irrr ‘ nil

in t\t:|-.tllt’ r‘ ‘.|ir.trt‘.. lirr proplt .rrc

 

kilst-illtjlldtlltli'c-ittllit.1l.tii£lll| »ltil|tti.l|v‘li
by new t,"\]\t'llt‘llLt‘\. .r new wirrirtirriitt .Iiltl
.i |iv\\ stair." said Mimic.

Audit indicates SUNY may have lost millions

fcssoi who is a chairman of a specialized
department. Most fttcrrlty rtternbers. he
said. do not reach their salary ceiling. Tire
tlgl'cctllclll still has to be approved by tile
legislature.

l airtbcrt saidt that what some see
to be esorbiirnrr salaries are necessary to
rcciiiit "recognited experts in certaitt
fields so graduates reflect the kind of
education they'd be getting."

the SUNY statement said the agree-
rirerii has allowed the university “to cor-
rect the most serious shortcomings cited in
the audit." which lambert attacked for
making “hyperbolic claims all along."

“if the state is saying that this is a big
failure. then it is the fault ofthe state." he
said. i ainbci‘t also clairtied that such
.rntirts could "retard the chances of the
kind of legislative response we want." ‘.

 

 

Critical rabbi invites Kahane back

By Teri iv'aplowit‘l
\I ll\l Fllf'lt'

Meir ls'ahaire. the controversial rabbi
who spoke at SllNi'A Oct. 2‘. has been iri-
vitcd brick to tire (‘apital District by a local
rabbi who publicly compared his policies to
the Nalis and Smith African apartheid.

Rabbi Barticli i‘tt'titttitlt-Kttili has iriviled
iv’ahane to Congregation ()lav Shalom.
where he presides. with the “hope to allow
Rabbi Kahane the opportnriity to present
his views arid be challenged."

During a qtiestiorr arid answer session
after Kahane's speech. Fiydman-Kohi
spontrtrreorrsly stepped up to the poditttn
front his first row seat and hegart addressing
the audience. according to Rct'isiotiist
Zionist Alternative rrierrtber (lien Morres.

When tlte crowd booed i-‘ryriman-Kohl
and RZA members approached thi stage to
prevent possible trouble, Kahane said.
“No. let him spea ." according to Mones.

Mortcs said Kahane told the audience
that by letting l-‘rydman-Kohl speak. he was
allowing the rabbi ll privilege he himself
probably wouldn't receive at Olav Shalom.

It)

. t . - 1 l v . r . 1 . . . ' .
l'rydmatiI-Kblil cotirrltgrcl-d isahpne byjsiiy- i. Arabsdront lsrael tiitd its occupied lands.
r.......... . . . ... . . .

ing he would allow hint to speak to his con—
gregittiott. Moties reported Kahane then
said. “\\'c|l. l‘m gonna hold you to that."
l’iydruan-ls'ohl said he ltad to invite
Kahane because he fell “constrained by the
situation.“ He called his speech on tile
podium art "act of impetuotrsiiy."

A letter that Kahane wrote to l<'ryrlman-
Kohl a week later reqriestcd. in part. a for—
mal invitation. adding “i aiti sure that a
promise made by a Jewish spiritual leader in
public will be kept.“

l-‘rydmarrKohi has scheduled Dec. in or
ii) for Kahane “not to speak per se. biit to
participate in otrr (congregation's) dialogue
series." which uses a question arid discus-
sion format to discuss pirblic issues of criti-
cerri.

"i hope he comes." said lirydman-Kohl.

lie rnctrtiotted that Congressman Saitt
Stratton recently participated iii a dialogue
series at Olav Shalom.

During his volatile

spceclt. ls’rihaiie

blasted Arttericati Jewish leaders as “timid
pygmics and dwarfs." llis notoriously

radical views irtclirde the expulsion of all
r r v i it

with compensation to those who leave
voluntarily.

lhe Brooklyn-born rabbi founded the
militant .lcwish Defense league. and made
aliyah to Israel iii It)7| where ltc formed his
own political party known iii litigiislt as
“(ioti's Vengence."

lit a letter to the xlSI’.N0\'. .‘l. Frydntan-
Kohl rejected Kahane's “understanding of
.liidrasm and Zionism." saying that his
"program would not lead to security. brit to
the destruction of Ilie state of lsrttel."

littrlier. controversy sirrroiindcd
Kttitttttcs's public erigagcrricttl when the
Jewish Strident Coalition-Hillel tried to bar
him front speaking on campus. on the
grounds that he might start unnecessary
tension in iigltt of the recent lsrtteli-
Lebanon crisis. Some .lSC-Hillel members
splintered off to form RZA in order to
sponsor Kaltanc's appearance.

Moncs said RZA plans to rtterid the
dialogue. He speculated that l-‘rydman-
Kohl “warns to have another chaiiec to
refute Kahane."

“l'm srtre Ithere'll be a matching of wits."
hbs‘ud.l‘i it‘lt"' J"-'II') r."t i 

”.l,l ".i l'.t .‘l -l

to Albany

 

 

 

 

Rabbi Melt Kahane
View-s challenged ‘by local rub/ti.
- ' ‘ I t . i )l t -

 

,.‘..j..,..

   

 

1.7.341".-

 

