 

' 10a isound & vlslon'

gAmadeus Is S

l

HOG wanna

Ul—

Nara-

 

 

 

 

ntonlo Salieri.

the patron 5th)“
A of mediocrity" made anything but
a mediocre debut at Prociei‘s
Theatre this week eith Daniel Davis ll: ti .
role Wolfgang Amadeus Mom.’
(lTSi‘vl79l) arid Antoimi Saki n
(1750-1825) are the central figures :ii Peri-:-
Shafer's 5 time Tony Award wrnii.i'.g ;-I.it
Amadeus. which cti'ne tti Sclreriectatli. ‘oi
a three day ruti The. play deals ‘.\I'l‘
ienlousy. revenge and .trtihitioii. aid s
tilltilllel’ lllﬂglllllCL’l'f effort by Slrn‘fer' ‘\i r.
"150M939 Esters-u ,.  .

Megan Gray Taylor

mhfe'tme.7\nlgnio 'Shlieri  air its
tremely successful composer. who “in
financtally and critically rewarded.

respected and admired Today lie is a

forgotten man. Shaffer has now exuinetl
i him. and reminded the world that Saliert
' had the dubious honor of being the m.iii
. who may. or may not have. murdered one
of the world's greatest composers.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Salleri was not
only court composer under Joseph ll of
l Austria but was also a promitient teacher
{ numbering among his pupils. Beethoven.

Schubert. Liszt and Mozart's own son. He
i was a student of Gluck arid although his
music was very popular in his lifetitne It is
all but forgotten today.

Rumor has It that Sallerl polsoiied
Mozart out of jealousy over the gift of
' genius that God had bestowed oti Mozart

and not on him. Salleri. it was believed.

recognized his own mediocrity next to
Mozart's extraordinary genius. and the

. reality drove him to madness. Many felt
that Salleri had contributed to Mozart's
death before his liblh birthday not literally.
but figuratively. through intrigue. by
depriving him of lucrative work that tnight
have stemmed the dire poverty in which he
ended his life.

Mozart is constdered to be one of the
greatest musical geniuses of all time With
Joseph Hayden. he was the leading com-
poser of what is called the classical period
t.’ music. His over 600 works include
numerous Sonatas. coticertl and operas ins

cludl g The Magic Flute. The Mnrrirrgt’ of .

The Music The Madness The Wall

oming out of The Wall is like

crawling from the wreckage of a

ctvtl revolution — there's no
avoidrtig getting shell shocked because
there are psychological bombs of /\ge~.i
Orange falling at your feet when you mist
expect it. Roger Waters. who wrote the
.vords and musrc for [lie Well the album
as well as co-produciiig it. has masterfully
.iiterpteted the songs and lyrical imagery
into a brightly disturbing new video. vtsiinl
experience For anyone who has been

Lisanne Sokolowski

 

ft,- -p'o[;tlavr_.  At‘l'i
IflU'vlL’S of the past few years there may he a
nagging feeliig of "Hey l've seen this style
before Well, you'd be tight The rl rector
of l‘t'ie Wolf is none other than Alriti
Parker. who has developed 6i lltllltl‘ for
'hiniself in filmdonr for such movies as
‘Fame Li'td Midnight fz'xprcss. You tiiiglit
very well say that this latest effort is a
merger of the two. combining the
theatricality and choreography of Fame
with the violence and bleak terror of Mid-
night Express. In the last six days We
managed to catch The Wall twice. and if I
can get all the Prll’dnolits and neuroses that
the movie unleashed back in their jar again.
i'll go for a third round.

I won't say that it will grab you from the
very start. but if you'll Invest five or ten
minutes more than the average attention
span you'll find it has unnervineg crept In-
to your pores. and your sense of security in
that warm. dark theatre will be obliterated.
it opens appropriately with Bob Heldof. as

 

 

  

 

. r. .zt.i,...i..ti...wu. r.~,r.

greatest opera ever written Don Giovanni.
Mozart was a child prodigy. Born to a
Saltzburg musician (Leopold Mozart) he
was playing the Harpsichord by 4. com-
posing initiuets at 5 and by 6 was touring
the courts of Europe.

The applause. praise and security of his
childhood success did not prepare Mozart
ll If the realities of finding patronage and ac-
ceptance at court. Shaffer here suggests a
man's mortal genius may have little or
nothing to do with his mortal character.

Shaffer portrays Mozart as the eternal
adolescent. a foul-mouthed child who is
vain. openly critical of the counters and
collegues he should try to accotiiodtite. a
titan who makes enemies of those he
should seek out as friends. but at the same
i time a matt who can create music that tip-
I pears to come straight from God. The
dichotomy between the baseness of the
real man arid the majesty of his creative gift
is the basis of the conflicts in the play. it is
this realization that sets the miiid of the pro-
htgtniist Salient. to Work. plotting to
nit-tige a cruel God who has played such
a- Linftirgiveable trick Salleri. who has

I Figaro and considered by some to be the
l
l
l

 

 

 

rock star/dictator hurling the question at
the crowd: "So ya/ihoright ya/tnlght like
to go to the slittW/lO feel the warm thrill of
confusion/that space cadet glow?" (from
in The Flesh). Geidof. who might most
recently be remembered as one of the
featured artists on the Secret Policeman's
Ball album. one with such other rock greats
as Sting and Phil Collins. plays Pink the
character impeccably. He blends a savvy
sympathy for the strung out with a festering
undercurrent of self-pity and maicontent. l

 

dedicated his life to decency and
goodness. sees the gift of genius bestowed
on Mozart as the ultltnate cruelty of an un-
caring God and plots his revenge against
God througlt Mozart. The irony of Mozart's
gift is heightened for Sallerl by his middle
name. Amadeus which means Beloved of
God and throughout the play Salierl uses
this name with a distaste that is like salt in a
wound.

The slovenly. childish. crude. brilliant.
tender. pathetic Mozart was played by
Peter Crook. Crook. a graduate of Julllard
had some difficulty with the first act Mozart.
one who is brash and openly disrespectful
In his excessive respect and attention to
those in power. His arrogance about his
owti genius lacked some of the in-
genuousness necessary to make it
believable. The acting was a bit self-
conscious. But iii the second act. Mr.
Crook came into his own and as the slowly
deteriorating boy. driven to poverty and
madness he was excellent. The final scenes
of confrontation with his tormentot' Sallerl.
where Mozart lapses and believes hitti to be
his deceased father were superb.

The star of this play is without question

don't agree wrtli the star/dictator image.
but it is .r good opening for the flashbacks
of Pink the boy growmg up under the
shadow of .i father lost to the war

Wat's effect on l’itik tightens wttli llhllllfl
ty While Another Brick in the Wall. Part I
is playing. Pink is tiyiiig on his father's
uniform. tilting the cap just right. standing
at attention. while the. mirrors reflection is
first his own tiiiLl then that of his father gor
ititr iiittr l)tllllL‘

The first lltllf of The Wolf is visually and
emotionally stunning. it's not all bC-IUllfltl.
by any means, and If you have ll queasy
stomach then look the other “th for the
school children tiltll the link” grinder
scene. Violence is ltlL‘tlItl to shock some
sense into the audience tIllll it Will But the
secret is llllll you're .rll safe in your seats
rind can lL'l)tIlliltl from it. l‘iiik doesn't
There's a long and touching segment iii the
first half of Pink. the man handling iL‘lUC'
tloir from his Wife) lover. For anyone who
has ever been iii a relationship that has
died. your heart wtll go out for the way it
shatters Pink. To me. although admittedly
a hopeless romantic. the entire handling of
the rejection finally ptrt up the last bricks
to his emotional wall was the best part of
the film. it could be cut out and stand on its
owtt.

Unfortunately. the same cannot be said
for the second half of the movie. Up until
the already much-mentioned shaving
scene. where Geldof emerges like a cross
between Jesus crucified and a reptile. it
holds on to its biting edge. But once the
managers and the establishment try to
revive hint and hurl him back on stage. the.

ieri’s Secret

 

l fascism. and poor Pink. who is left huddled

 

l
l
l

Dan Davis as Salieri. The role requires the?
actor to be on stage throughout the entire 2i
plus hour performance, it is not only a rolel
‘ requiring the maximum acting finesse butl
also professional statnina. Botli seemed
within easy grasp for Davis. Davis. wliosel
face is famllar to many from his role lltt
Texas as Eliot Carriiigton. has lotig been a'
veteran of the theater, His performance oft
Hamlet iii Los Aiigeles drew such praise-
that he was compared to Olivier and l
Gielgud and found equal to the com- 1
parlson. Of his role in Amadeus Davis said i
"Sallerl has made a bargain with God (he .
will live a good and moral life if God gives i
him talent). Salietl has lived up to his part. i
but God hasn't He is going to get even." '

Mozart married Constatize Weber. who l
was played by Tanya Pushkine. Ms.
Puslikine. although competent lti her pet‘
formatice. lacked the spark of fun
necessary in the early scenes of the play
and also was somewhat over her head In
the final dramatic scenes of Mozart's death.
The other casts members which included
Philip Pleasants (a member of the original
broadway cast) as Joseph if. the patroniz-
lngly Ignorant emperor of Austria. was
wonderful.

Proctors claims to be “Just off broadway"
and if this production is an example (and
I'm convinced it is) of the quality of theater
there. their slogan is very accurate. I had
the chance to see Amadeus with Its original
broadway cast lti New York and found little
lacking in this national tourng company's
performance. The set design and costum-
ing where the same and just as impressive

 

 

 

sound & vlnlon

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

as the first time I saw them. Throughout the
play Mozart's music ebbs and flows gripp-
ing the heart and sootliitig the soul. Roger
William's direction was faultless.

Proctors is within easy commuting .
distance for students and their upcoming
schedule includes such hits as Barnum.
Glitter and I'm Getting My Act Together
and Taking It On The Road. The theater l
has offered to make half-price tickets
available to students 1 hour before curtain
if there is enough interest. Get interested.
this theater is in our own backyard arid well
worth the trip from anywhere. (Call for I

l
r
l
l
l

 

 

details on the ticket offer).

movie's entire rhythm Collapses. l fail to see
the correlation between rock stardom and

around it backstage toilet bowl desperately
trying to remember his lyrics looks niotc ‘
ridiculous than pitiful. When he reaches in- l
to the toilet water to cool off the DT's he's
going through. you can't help but be over- 
come more with revulsion than iit‘iderstari- '
drug.

1 was left with the impression that the
movie nuts finished iii a hurry. That all the
time tlittl precision that went into construc-
ting the first llt\ll was thrown to the wind in
the second The first li-tlf'S animation was
eerie. smooth. and slickly interwoven The
first couple looked llltL' they were done by
sriiiieiine Walt Disney would only pay
under the table While as Pink the dictator.
he leads the audience through a group ef-
fort of Nation solutes that come off looking
more like Gladys Knight and the Pips in
rehearsal ’l'hey Just don't make extras like
they used to anymore.

But. if for half the time you're willing to be
carried away with a developing storyline. to
slide along the colours of some wildly
varied animation. and to see some of the
album's best cuts turned into flesh and
blood (almost literally). then see The Wall.
For the price of a movie ticket (with student
discount) you won't regret watching Geldof
release a tide of emotions and some real
flip sides to Pink's personality. I know that
there have been alot of bad reviews about
The Wall. but if you're under 25 and ever
listened to the now-defunct band then you
owe it. to Pink Floyd. and yourself. to
catchih='t initjg.’

 

tt-t'ttti~t,.a.

 

 

 

eter O'Toole is back and better
P than ever! The new Biotiksfilm.

My Favorite Year stars O'Toole
as a famous swashbuckler (Allan Swan)
gone lush. Scheduled to appear oti a TV
comedy show he is assigned a babysitter ~
the youngest of the show's comedy writers
(Mark 

Megan Gray Taylor
The acting is nothing short of superb.

Baker. in his first major role. has the perfect
timing and ethnic flavor of a veteran stand-
up comic at Grossingers. and his talent
goes further. showing the seed of real
dramatic potential. O'Toole. here. has
brought together the comic finesse of his
film The Great Catherine and the brilliant
dramatic characterization of Lawrence 0/
Arabia. He is touchineg sad as the "studio
creation". witty and tender as the man who
finds a comrade in young Stone. Swan at
r one point. talking about the difficulty of do-

' . ing a live comedy show quotes Edmund

Kean. the great Shakespearean actor who

;‘.  said on his deathbed "Dying is easy. Ctiltt'
. ; edy is hard". O'Toole and roniptmy make
3 3 it look easy.

Joseph Bologna plays the comedy show
host, King. (I frenetic hill ('Ierisni type. l'lis
perforinttne includes the t'XDL'I'ltlblt’ slap
stick but develops .r real person who
although .r little crazy and not to bright is
brave and lovable The supporting cast
which includes liill Macy. .lessit‘n l'ltlll‘tCI.

l Lainit' l\'ir.tiiii Illltl Ciiiiiei'oii Mitchell tilt' its

good .is their iitiiiies are famous

Kazan plays the young writer's mother
who is now married to it l’liiliprrio fighter
and lives in liiiyside Queens She is
brilliant .is the perfect ".lewisli Mother"
berating her son for changing his name
from Steiiibeig to Stone and when Swan
comes to their house for dinner calls him
Swaiiny (like the river) and tells him he
should thrI ll family These are sortie of
the funniest Scenes l have ever seen

The heart of this film's success is the
Steiiibetg Polttmho screenplay. Their
characters ("U well developed, the plot
tight. the humor tliy bitt upfront and
balanced by ruiil interaction that leaves you
feeling like you Just lltld dinner with some
old friends

My Foiiorlte Yi'tir iii-irks liit‘hiird Beii~
jamiiis's directorial debut. itlt(l oh. what (I
beginning, He has learned from his mun
Comedy acting backgiouiiil the iiiiportiince
of timing l liitnoi has to flow like conversa-
tion and Beiiiriiiiin has priced every line.
every scene to perfection - to get away
with sortie of the overused metaphors iii
the film it llilfl to be And perhaps that's the

 

 

9.0--.-

The Editors

cordially invite

The S UN YA
Community

by November IOth 6

Questions call: :
Megan 462—1622 5
Debbie 489—5848 ‘

’Tooles Year

best example of his success When Aunt
Sophia comes late to dinner you know
she's going to look .ricfiil (dressed to meet
the star) but it works

Untondittonally. this is one of the best
films l've seen this year. For O'Toole fans.
there is no need to talk you itito seeing this
film. O'Toole's last film The Stuntman gave
us visual evidence of the stars personal bat-
tle with the bottle. Many including myself
thought we'd seen the last of him. Perhaps
that's why his portrayal of this aging star
with the same problem is so very good.
Personal experience is often the best
teacher. O'Toole is thinner. but no less
elegant than he was in his film debut -
Lawrence.

This film is genuine entertainment. a
combination period piece (set in 1954 with
attendeitt costumes and sets). Mel Brooks
type comedy. and touching story of real
people. There is a rumor that the story line
of this film is based on the real story of Errol
Flyllil. who iii the satire situation was
assigned a young comedy writer to keep
him sober. that \viiter was none other than
Mel liitioks The film carries it tlist'ltiiiiii'i‘ its
to any relation to real people. but given the
friit ili.it litookslilins is the |Illrtlt|t‘l|ttit
t'tiiiipaiiy. l have my doubts

True or not. don't miss this one It's my
littlttlllt' t tilllL’th liliii t if this your

 

~ Albany. NY '
- Connecticut

‘ Garden City. Lt

- Huntin ton. Li

- Ithaca. Y

- Manhattan

- Central at North
New Jersey

- Westchester

ADELPHI UNIVERSITY OFFERS:

Extensive “Hit. 4 weak or 32-hr. "Weekender"

courses - litre lectures - Simulated tritam

conditions - s eciat home-study materials -

Tape library - rte-date course materials ~

Group I tnttiitl ual counseling

ome to a “Free Sample Class." Oct. 25.

~,6:30 PM. at the Albany Thruway House.

.40-hr. course begins Nov. 2.

' FOr a tree brochure and an mvrtation to a tree sample
class covering the LSAT and the Law School

admtSSion process  

0...”... (515) 481 --4034

Adeiphi University's LSAT Preparation Course
Center tor Career at liieinng Leartring
307 Eagle Avenue. West itempsteati. tt.Y. 11552
In cooperation wrtti
the Nationat Center int Etiiicatiomi: testing Inc

GUARANTEE: Score in the top 25%
or take the next course FREE.

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

up
us
I

goo oaommu>

N093 Ull-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

umes about you——

 

 

You're ready! For the biggest and I v
the best that life has to offer. Arid tor choose the ring and custom options

the college ring that will speak vol-

mentsmior years to come.

What‘s more»—
Because now. for a limited time you
can order from the entire AriCarved
collection of 14K gold college rings
and save 5825. Come and see the
exquisitely crafted styles—from the

m.

  

 

classic to the contemporary. And

that most eloquently express you.

Now is your time to get what you
deserve. And remember—nothing
else feels like real gold.

flRTQ‘l RVED®

CLASS RINGSJNC

and your achieve-

you can aiiord it!

 

 

Date: Time: Pia “- ,3
Oct. 16 11:00-5:00 E BOOKSTORE
Oct. 18 moo-4:00 T“
Deposit Required. MasterCard or Visa Accepted. 1 «: lQB‘ZIAthvayiv‘edHlass Rings. the; I
I __~_ .4. LLLJ»... -_--__'_«' '  .W rt ' r i r - ii in: -r  t . H

 

 

 

  

 

 

