 . 4a m  ......-.._,...

 

  

 

E D

 

ITORI

AL.

 

 

"The immense destructive power posed by Ilur MX missile
. . . will make the arms race for more complex and
dangerous.

— Sen. Mar/t Htllflt‘ll/ (It-Oregon)

Congressional Record, July 25, I979

resident Reagan dubbed ttte system “the

Peacemaker." In all old western of his hc wouldl

have been more likely to call it “the (ireat

i-unali/cr." What he‘s trying to trtnke scettt less ominous is

theth misslc program he suggested to (‘ongtcss and tlte
nation iii a speech last night.

To carry the western analogy futtllcr. he used fancy color
graphics and fancy rhetoric to tell the American people that
The Other (‘ruy has more nuclear shotguns amt atomic six-
shooters, and we've got to get a lot more so we'll be safc.

The Air Force ltns played with tttobile missile launchers
since the post-Korean vsar era. Tltc idea became less
popttlar itt tltc (rOs, arid wasn‘t picked up agaitt until fortrtal
dc\c|optncttt began irt 1972. After sorting through two
doien diffcrcttt basing concepts. Carter decided to go witlt
tltc "race track" idea. That expensive attd crttironmentatly
suicidal plan died from lack of support.

Now Reagart wants the MX cortccpt revived, irt tlte
“dense pack” configuration. this pltttt would ptrt l.00()

, Peacemaker deathmaker

ttew atomic warheads on 100 of the most deadly acctrrtttc
ttuclear missiles ever constructed. Tltcse would be tiglttly
packed In a strip of land near Warrctt Air l-‘orcc Base in
Wyoming I4 miles long and otre mile wide.

“The Peacemaker“ is one of tile most dangerous addi-
tions to the nuclear arsenal in decades. lltc tovcrnmcnt-
cstiruated cost of the ruissile program is $525 billiort, attd the
MX is‘ jtrst ottc part ot tlte Si!) trilliott rrtilitary brrildup
Reagan has platttrcd for tire next several years.

The U.S. already has over |).200 strategic rutclcar
warheads —— the Soviets have only about 5,000. White the
Soviet Union has trtadc strong gains itt tlte number of
missiles. the warhead is what r 'Illy spoils your day. The ex-
treme accuracy of tlte M.\’ will add first strike capability to
tilt: rutclcttr force. and will present a kttockottt threat to
Soviet silos. This cotrld force the Soviets to build more
missiles, attd perltaps pttslt tltctrt to adopting a “launch on
warning" policy. The new system can do ttotltirrg bill in-
crease rructear tensions.

It's lime that U.S. negotiators sat down artd seriously
discussed tutclcnr weapons reductions. All of the proposes
Reagan’s representatives at tltc arms cotttrol talks have
stressed reductions itt land based missiles. Tlte unfair pro-
posuls have ignored the fact that the U.S. has rmtny tttore

 

warheads. with a ntrclenr forc stress on multiple-warhead
missiles. Also. they have glosstd over the fact that 70 per.
cent of the Soviet Union's missiles rtre land based — ltall of
the U.S 's wartteads are carried on board invnnctable sttlt-
marines. The proposals ltave also forgotten that about .r
third of tire Soviet nnclcar force isn't targeted at the l1 s
Imt at China. All of tire proposals would have left the U s.
oft itt a much stronger position, and the Soviet Union in .r
subordinate position. It was ttctcr ittteuded that tile Song-r.
accept the proposals ~- titcy were merely offered to git c lip
service to what Reagrrrt described in last night's tllitilL“rs as
the administration's desire to get "deep cuts lit the matrix
arsenal of weapons." What they ltave been offering is only
working to itrcr 'asc the fervor of tire arms race. V

The trilliott-attd—adtalt' dollars tltat Reagan is st'lltllr'
aside for the return of the Cold War is desperately needed
elsewhere. Jobless benefits for thousands of workers
without work dtte to the R ‘(tgiltl recession are soon tillt‘ to
expire, leaving a lttrge burden otl tltc social set viccs .rgr-rt
cics The Welfare systertt can‘t support this new drain, lt'»
already stretched to the limit.

The MX missile program. as presented by i’tt:sitlt't|l
Reagan last night. is a dangerous. obscene \vttstc ol ld\
money when it is so tnuch needed for people.

 

 

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

Education - getting by

It scents so \aguc. but I cart tctttcttrber my years itt gratu-
tttnr attd middle school so very well. Often “tltosc were the
days" when l cared for everything but to lcartt. That was
tltc titrtc when l wettt to class itt order to “get by". smiled at
the teacher in order to“ch over". and crammed for a test
itt order to “keep from going under“. In retrospect. I'm
now just beginning to realize all the potential that was tltetc
for me to just learn for the sake of learning. This was a
period, in our intellectual growth. that we as students were
capable of learning without having to worry about looming
tuition increases arid pending financial aid cutbacks. This
was a time yott corrld attain knowledge for knowledgc's'
ﬁgutzLLhc Its_9!i_t£u.r1wttt.--

Van Henri White

    

 

ln grammar. middle. ntrd high school we were all brought
up with the belief that education is the process of attaining
knowledge. We were further taught that the only way we
could comprehend that knowledge was to ask questions
about the materials that were set before us daily. And so
many of us in those early years of education found
ourselves asking questions dealing with the basic reading
writing. and arithmetic. And as we advanced through our
high school years we asked yet still ruorc complex questions

dealing with the advanced physical arid social sciences of
the world.

Colleg came upon us arid the ambiguity of its world
tnadc us fantasi/c about all the potential there was to learn -
if learning is what we had itt mind. Some of its had expecta-
tions that our storehouscs of knowledge would he expand-
cd to utttltouglu of heights. By asking an endless array of
questions we thought we might better understand the com-
plexities of the world arid the pcrplcxities of its past.

However, it is on a somber note that most college
students find themselves asking a different type of ques-
tion. Instead of asking the traditional questions of
academia. college students are compelled to ask questions
essential to their tnerc survival in the institutions we call
universities attd collcgt. .

No longer is it sufficient to ask what did it cost the
American Revolutionaries to declare their independence in
1776. we must also ask what are the costs we must bare in
order to contitute our education in I983. Many freshman
college students, instead of asking who was Ceaser Chevez,
Daniel Male. or Earl Warren, are asking how muclt morc
wrll tuition g0 tip because Chancellor Wharton, Governor
(.‘arey attd President Reagan tell us' it is trot “cost effective"
to give a quality education at a low cost

And many sophomores and juniors instead of asking
“shall I take Algebra. (icometry, or Trigonometry" are

 

 

 

asking ltow many times shall ortr Strident Association lasts
be multiplied attd why is student political strength so til\lti'
cd. And many seniors attd graduate students instead ot
looking to our future with interest are compelled to .tsi.
ltow shall I pay the interest on the loans that l tccctscd
while trying to “expand my mind". Many of these students
feel that instead of getting ahead they lutv - actually lallcu
behind. Like other college students titcy reali/c that thew
questions are a far cry front the traditional tlltcslitllls ut
academia that were prevalent in grammar and high school.

Nonetheless, tltcsc questions are ittdccd intriguing and
our intellectual growth is ntadc cotttittgcnt upon lllt'it
answers. But one is compelled to wottdcr whether a sltltlctll
cart actually learn in an cttvirontrtcnt where he/she tnttst
worry about everything else but intellectual growth. With
this conclusion l have oftctt thought I am reacting to my
university education the same way I did to my pro-college
education. it you remember “those were the days" when I
cared for everything bttt to learn. But now thch is a dif-
ference; I go to financial aid in order “to get by“ for
another year. smile in order “to get over" my fear of the
future. arid work hard only “to keep my grade point
average from going under." l only trope and pray that stir-
dent. administrator. and politician will realize that we are
hereto learn - to attain knowledge for knowledge‘s 'c. ‘

 

 

    

' Elléy To 5703:
BRIGHT/IEWBlC/(AGE

EasieR FoR THe
PoBL‘rc To BUY

 

 

 

Pccw ram. Newa

 

 

  
 
 
 
    

in

 

 

 

 

 

PRe—eMPTrve Fram-
éTRtKe ScenaRio

.Mu’ioaLLY-aSSUReD

DeoTRU Tron écenaRio

secono sziKe
‘CaPaBrLtTY ocenaRio

 

 

wwmnnmc .... .-

 

 

 

 

 

.41. (....vg ,.
xv ,.

> mm "I1-1”-W'Emteesnﬁvmtru...wwm...... . w...

 

E

 

T'TE

R S

 

 

Wilted Wallflower

To the Editor:
I wottld like to know why the sponsors of tltc Wallflower

9 Order allowed them to appear on this campus when the

l-‘crttinist Alliattcc and other sponsors knew two weeks

y before the performance that the dancers were in political

alliance with the PLO. The Palestine Liberation organiza-
tiort is a violent terrorist organi/ation dedicated to using
any arid all methods. even the senseless and unrr '
killing of irttroccnt Israeli citizens. to lorttl a Palestinian
state. It is tntt a comntcrtdable organl/ation. '

In addition to dedicating thcit‘ petfot mattccs to the Pit),
the Wallﬂower ()rdct distributes Anti-Semitic lcallcts call—
ed “Istac The New Na/i State". I don't understand wlty
such a racist group who openly supports a terrorists
organi/atiott was pettttittcd by their sponsors to appear
here at SUNY. Attd. why were they allowed to lrattd ottt
hateful, filthy lcal'lcts'.’ Where were the groups who brottgltt
them here when the dancers were doing this‘! The article itr
‘l‘ucsday's ASI’ said that the sponsors found out about the
dcdicatiott two weeks before tltc performance date. [Even if
it was ttot known that they gave ottt bigoted literature. the
very fact that tltc group supports the PLO sltottld ltnvc
caused them to cattch the performance.

It is a terrible thing when a grottp is allowed to come to
this SUNY campus and spread rtgly. hatct'ul literature
directed against tnore than a third of this school. I cart only
wonder who will be ttcxt, the Ku Is'lux Klan?

Clarifying Marx

To the litlltor:

In his article on Ma’rxism (ASP Nov. l2). Mr, Robert
Martiniaro bemoancd tltc general lack of krtowlcdgc and
tltett. himself. made the surprising statement tlrnt, “Marv
envisioned personal and political freedoms within the
framework of Marxism. artd l.euin and Trotsky im-
plctnetttcd tltosc frcedotns after the revolution." He went
on to say that it was Stalin wlto “effectively. destroyed
those freedoms."

The totalitarian cltrtractcr of Russian socialism was evi-
dettt Iottg before Stalin catnc to power arid indeed. many
years before the communist takeover of the coutttry. It was
this fact which led Marx to resign front the communist par-
ty wltcn Russian influence becatuc controlling.

Shortly after the communist counter-rcvolutiott which
crushed tltc liberal govertttttcttt which followed tltc fall of
the 'I‘sar, Lenin permitted exactly one clcctiott--iu Moscow.
Although his opponents were harassed and obstructed,
they defeatcd hittt soundly. Lenin promptly suppresscd tltc
election and no free or open election was ever allowed
agairt. It was also Lenin who reincarnated the Isarist secret
police with the creation of the dreaded CHIZKA. The tertu
“cltckitsky” is still used today to describe members of tire
KGB.

'I‘otalitariatt socialism or. or to use the appropriate
gctteric term. fascism. was firntly established by Lenin front
the outset. While Stalin may have been the roost powerful
of tire tnotlcrn tsars and. possibly, tttore ruthless than
Lenin, he did not have to tnakc arty changes in the system
or itt the ideology he ltad inltcritcd front Lenin attd Trotsky.

-T. I). Scott

 

 

Clean colonists

To the Editor:

I would like to call attention to the current cleaning situa-
tiott on Colonial Quad. The amottttt of times our
bathrooms are cleaned has been cut. especially on the floors
in the lowrises which have contrnuttity facilities. Budget
cats have been offered as an excuse for this unsanitary cott-
dition, but there is no acceptable cxctrsc for these cir-
cumstances. Something must be dotte immediately. citltcr
by filling tltc gaps existing in the cleaning staff or by in-
creasing the number of times the bathrooms are clcatted.
Will it take art outbreak of body licc or other parasites
before action is taken? The health of the student should not
be sacrificed under any circumstances. I believe ottr dorm
fees are ltiglr enough to allow us a clean, healty environ-
ment in which to live.

-.lohn Trlolo

Pragmatic cynicism
To the Editor:

From I2.000 miles away it would be considered brash to
offer advice on ltow an issue should be dealt with at
SUNYA; however. I hope first to be rcfutcd, attd then
after to be thouqu a meddling uo~good. A reversal of this
Process would only cause the to write more letters. which
I neither have time nor the editorial page has space.

I hear that the ROTC issue is, as a matter of practicality.
to be reduced to an issue of sexual discrimination. For
those witlt a pragmatic bent this would be tltotrglrt the
wisest means. However, to accept this approach (and this is
the reason for which I do not) one must assume first artd
Iprimurily that all people are naturally stupid. on two

counts. First. they are too stupid to understand more fun-
damental arguments of Academic Freedom (I will not claim
tltcy are my arguments. Plato and Milton said the same
thing long before, though last year I put them In a more
simplistic form). that is that ROTC conﬂicts with the
ideals of education. Second. that they are too stupid to
rccognire that what is ostensibly an argument calling for
the reruoval of ROTC from the univesity is in fact only an
argument that ROTC should be improved in this one facet.
that is". it should allow gays in. This is to say that the
pragtrtatists must assume that their own adherents and the
“other side" are too stupid to recognize that tltc argument
tltcy use is flawed.

Ultimately. when the University Senate coutcrtcs to vote
on R()l(‘ it should, I believe. though the wording may ltc
different. center its discourse on a bill of this nature:
lt’ltr-Ieuv, the R()'I‘(‘ program ts externally t'ttitll‘tIl/t'll. I.(’.
laugh! Irv professors who do not hold utn'vr'rsily (III/)Ullllv
ments and do no/ erurrv rlt'udt'nn'r'ﬂeet/tun m it is orditurrllv
undetztltmd, and whereas, Ihe R() l‘(‘ curriculum taken (If (I
whole does not, III its substance and gnu/s. deserve In he in-
cluded in die course differing of the State Ulttversil v of New
York at .‘tllmnv.

[in it ft'.\'tll\'t'll.’ That the University Senate requests Ihe'
President to:

I. Ilv’ilhhnhl tlt'tltlt‘lllft' credit from any WWW“ “ffl'n‘tl b)’
Iltr' Reserve Officer's I‘ruining (‘ur/rv it! the end of the (‘ur-
rent .‘it'tltlt'lllll‘ Your.

2. Requests Ilte‘Unlvt-nitvlo terminate Ihefuculty appoint-
nteItI of the preterit inrlrucior of lllt'.\t' courses at "W end of
[he currenl academic )‘l’tll‘ and It) allow nufurtln‘r such up-
puinuuenls‘.

3. Request the University to come the allocation Uf.\[ltl(‘t’ Io
Ihe Reserve Officer 's' Training Corps in the Uni verst'lv gvltt—
nnviunt which is presently ht'ing user/for tifflt‘t’ Vince and
the leaching of courses, quI that Ihi.\‘ It'll/’10lllt/I/t’lllt‘lllt’t/(ll
the end of the current academic year.

4. Rt‘llllt’xl Ihr- Universin Io tviI/ttlruw the description o/‘Ihe
Reserve Officer's Training (‘nrpv program from the
Undergraduate [tulle/in.

When. attd only so long as. the opponents of ROTC set
aside their “pragmatic cynicisrtt"» their cytti "ti belief that
only the catchy. the easy arguments are capable of pct-
suadittg the student attd faculty hody--.uul when the op-
ponents of ROTC really try to understand tltc fundamental
issue. this is when the brittle will be won. Noble ends re-
quire ttobel means.

-Rlchnrd Lerner
I’urlun Univemilv
.S‘hunghui, (.‘Itinu

Norton explains

To the Editor:

Thank you for tltc fine article on Homophobia by Mark
(testtcr. It presents an important story.

However. there is one paragraph that reflects citltcr that l
mis-spoke (which has been known to happen). or a
misunderstandiItg. That is the statctucrtt “. . . ten percent
of the population has cltoscn to be gay." according to Nor-
tion. “This decision is one that takes many gay men attd
wotncn years to make."

Lesbians attd gay tuctr do not choose to be gay: as itv
dicatcd itt the paragraph following ill the story, most of us
discover ourselves to be lesbian or gay. We do. then, with
more or less agony. decide whether to act on the feclitrgs we
find ittsidc ourselves. Thus it is that about tctr percent of the

population find themselves lesbian/gay.
—Joseph L. Norton
Professor of Edited/Ion

Book steal

To the Editor:

This is a plea to all students and members of the Unis er-
slty Community who may have had books stolen.

Please come to the bookstore as soon after the incident
occurs as you possibly cart. We now has/c a fairly "fail
safe" systetrt for not only recovering the books. but also for
identifying the individual who sold them to us.

The last thing ltarttes and Noble wants to do is buy stolen
merchandise. and unless we know that a particular book
ltas been stolen. it's pretty difficttlt for us to help. I

So please — if you lose a textbook. or ltavc your textbook
stolen. please cottrc to the bookstore rigltt away and report
it. We‘ll do our best to recover it for you.

--Mnrj Campbell
Manager. liar/res and Noble [looks/ore

Abitrary cuts

To the Editor:

I am a disgruntled member of tire academic cortmrunity
who believes that it is high tirue that concerned students
speak out against the irttolcrably narrow-minded policies
which the adtrtittistratiott adhcrcs to. The policies which i
find rttost offensive are those regarding tltc allocation of
monetary resources.

I agree that tile crtrrcttt global recession must necessarily
impose restraints upon spending and that it is a difficult
task to tltctt delegate wltcrc thcsc restraints should be ap-
plied. However. it appears that "budget cuts", it you will.
here at SUNY Albany. has been applied in a purely ar-
bitrary fashion. At first glance, it becomes apparent when
one delves further irtto the mire of the administration's
policy-making idiosyncracic however. that tltcrc is a sub-
tle, common tltrcad — perhaps a tttetltod to this madness?
Yes » the subordination of academic priorities to those of
all economic nature. it is clear that the administration has
chosen a path which dictates the expenditure of titne,
energy and precious resources for those activities which are
tuore pocket-expamling than tttind-expanding. ()ne exam-
ple of tltis- injustice is manifest in the distribution of tltc
workforce on campus. One simple solution might be to
ctttploy those eager traffic violation dispensers tnorc gain-
fully. l mu sure we are all acquainted with their tireless ef-
forts, particularly noticeable itt the early morning houi's as
they patietttly await the stroke of 8:30 a.m.. their motors
running. Wlty is the rtnivcrsity ctnployirtg these people to
wall? Not only is this art inefficient use of manpower, bttt it
also cannot be considered to be in the best interests of our
nation's energy policy. Why not cntploy tltcse members of
the workforce trtore efficiently nttd ltortorably - dare I pro-
pose it? - itt the library!

Tltcre is one fact amidst all this disorder which is often,
ettriously enough, overlook-ed: this is a trttiversity. a learn-
ing institution whose function must remain inviolatc in this
changing world - to provide an cttvirotrtncttt conducive to
the pursuit of academic interests This is its first and
foremost priority. One university's mctltorl of setting
priorities may not seem otninotrsly porleutous. (indeed, it is
amusing). bill the trend upon whose coattails it is riding
bodes ill not only for thc academia. but also for society.

-Shnrttn Sqnussnul

 

 

 

 

 

Estlbtlannd in 1916

cylspcctcS

Donn Beta. Editor in Chart
Wayne Pnuruboom. Managing Editor

Editorial
Now: Edltorl . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Annotate New: Edltar.. . ... .. ....,
ASPocts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .
AubclntaASPccll Editor ... ,. . . . . . ,.
SoundEdltot...  ... . .
VlIIDﬂ Edltot .
SpottnEdltor  
AIIDCIMI Sport: Editor ..
Editorlnl Page: Editor. . , .. .. ... ... .
Copy Edllar . . . . .. . , . . . . , . . .. . Nancy Dlodotlks
Contributing Editor . Andrew Carroll
Editorial Anilllntl: not) (inrrlttuut. Dabble Ptotntn, 5 all wtttouz Glnu
Abo d. Howard Beach. Mlku Dunno“, nolh ntlnsnt. nay Caltglutu. Kurt Cun-
tor. AG. Carlin. Trucny Catmtchtml, HubertKnrutotlt chkoy. Bill Ftscttot,
Batty Gutlnut, Scott Geruchwnt, Robert Gordon, Stuvo Goesat. Elnpllon tn-
letd. Donlsn Kntuht, Charles M. Comma. ltlsrr Luvlno. Donna Mnchltnn. Ctntn
Marks. Drtvtd Mlchaulaon. Laura Nuns. Mutt Ntcholu. BouO'Btlan. Catt Pntktt,
Karon Pttozzl. Phll Plvnluk, Linda Outun, Ltz t‘tulch. Randy Roth. Ellun Sans
laslutn, Llaahnu Sokolowskl. Spectrum and EVIMI Editor: Rout Ginsburg

. Mark HatnmondJntt Kaplowllz
.Dotiuto Jutlpo
Dutrhtu Mtllntan
MrrganG. raytut
. . .rtobrnt Schnutrtur
DamtanVanDunltutgh
... . .. Mntc Httuptrl
Mark Gusrrer. Mam Senwarz
. .... Lian Sttuln

 

 

    

   

  

 

Busrness
Donnttt SIIVIHI. Business Manager
"My Drodu. Assaclula Business Manager
Jlnct Drlltun. Advert/ulna Manager
John Trot-no. Stilt: Manager

 

Bllllng Account-all. , .. ,. .... .. ... Kart-u Satdott. Judy Total
PayrollSuparvtIot .. .  . ., . .. Arlene Kaltowtlr
Otltco Cn-ctdlnatot ..Junntlct Bloch
Clnuttled Man-par. .. . .. . . . . . . .Mtckay Frank
Contposttlon Manager . . ,. .. , . . . . . . . . . . . .. Melissa Wnaaatmau
Advattlslna Satan: Pctur Forward. Nurl Sussman. Advertising Ploductlon
Manager-z Mmdy Hornwttl. Susan Peattman. Advuttlulug Producllon:
Ratsan thar. Rant thstmtn. Jane Hirsch. Mtchulte Horowitz. Jutte Mark,
Eltteun Sluvtn. Rhonda Wult. Ottlcu Stall: Eileen Nuwmzm. Gay Pumas

Production
Jack Durnchllg. Production Manager
Michael Cannon. stld Mlchlollon. Associate Pladuction Managers

 

Chlel Yypuuttor . . . . . . . , .. ... Cuthta Ryan
Vottlnnl Carnat- . . . . . . .. . .... Bill Bonltln
.Platutup: Juntnn Barker. Adam Barrett, Leslie Fratkln, Gull Mottoll, Putty Mlt
cltutl Typlutl: Joyeu Balk. Dtll Denney, Etlcn D'Adamo. Mary Duagnn. Mlckt
Frank. Joanne thrluraloovu, Steve Gtuunbaum. Etlzabotlt Haym . Glnn
Hubut, Kally Lana. Bttrcu Park, Dabble Sehtllur, Mark Walter, Chnultlur: Jo
Otlnhskl

Photography

Suppltnd principally by Unlvmstty Photo Service, I: student ntaup

Chlll Photographic Dave Asher, UPS Stall: Chuck Bernstein, Alan Calam.
Amy Cotton. Shorty Cohan, Duvld Hanson. Michele Kolchnm. Hilary Lana. Ed
Mnruastch. Lots Muttnbonl. Alan Month). Susan Elutno Mlnalch, David Rtvam,
Ltna Simmons. Erica Spulant. Suna Stolnknmp. Wattnn Stout. Jlm Valontlno.
Matty Wntcno. thl Yutman

 

 

Entlu CDII'IIIII copyright .‘t 1082 Albany Stud-til Pm: Carpal-lion.

The Albany Stutlunl Press I: published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by Inn Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent
not‘tot-ptotlt corporation.

Edltotlnts are written by the Editor in Chlel with members ol the Editorlal
Bantu; poltcy tn sublect to review by the Edltntlnl Board, Advent-Ina policy
does not nucuuatlly reflect editorial policy.

Matting address:
Albany Student Press. CC 320
Hot) Waahtnnton Ave.

Albany, NV 12222
(618) 45738921332213339

 

 

 

 

