 

 

l

 

   
  

want to be your “Best Friends”

An exclusive sneak preview of
Bes Frien
Goldie Hawn is being shown FREE for
SUN YA students at Cine 7 in Latham,
Monday, December 13, at 7:30p.m.

FREE buses will be available at 6:45
at the Circle the day of the show. Listen to
WCDB for your chance to win passes.
Additional passes will be available on
Friday, December 10, in CC364

between 2:30 and 5:00p.m.

FIRST COME FIRST SERVED

Meanwhile...

 Friday and Saturday — December 1.0, 1 1
LCIS

LC7

  

Manse”er
WarnerdBros.
an

WCDB

starring Burt Reynolds and

MERRY
CHRISTMAS!

 

 

 

it

at

 

 

 

MWMMMOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM

3
Q2

 

 

   
  
   
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
 
   
    

r .
 ater. based on a week's reading. the

 

 

   

 

£ny «0611': "review

. his began as a review of the year's
~ T best books but has quickly
degenerated into a sampling oi
"ivorite anyrliings. since serrditrg a college
udeni to read the new books is like irr-
I ting a professional scuba (Inter lot a quirk
lip after work. You can take just so much

'pical college review might read. “l’ru-
ssor Samuelson's second chapter was
‘lrnost harder than the irist. Wlthlt I didn't
isli utittl after the qurz Speaking of
uizzes. the Monarch notes tor lltliiilt‘f are
1; ust reading for November " ‘r'on get

it» 9.1":3191‘3. .. _

‘ ndrew Carroll

. ii lirei’e's‘siintelol Vl‘)H27a.sil saw ii. a sort
"What i did during my SUNYA
cation”:
Best Read: | only got to William Whar-
it‘s Birdy this year. although it was
uhlished in W79. and l fully understand
cult followurg, Wharton is the
eudonytn of an obscure artist ltiittt
ausnlilo who has written a lyrical. pairi-
kingly detailed book about growing up lll
rilailelphia. itanarles, World War It.
endship. and flying A Ienntort oi two
tiglends itr an atnry hospital it ads to a series
if flashbacks ol their youth. when Al was a
"1 ugh-talking int k and "Rudy" was air I'(‘
llll’it‘ prodigy who rnISed Canaries and
ernily dreamed nl flight By day he llays
{ I 5 arms Brewster MeClnrni style to build
giving power. while by night he slips into a
':drUrilll\\/lliltl love allnir with his favorite
bird. It sounds like a r'hrldren's story. but
iiontehuw it works on n wry ‘Jrirun up
glevel. and It's a remarkable first novel
’4 Oi trrore ret'izrtt liijtiirrr. tri/ Waiting [or

L

.de“‘ Personal Best

 

 

 

 

unnamed "lirnprre" is the setting for the
local struggle against his
governnn-trt's Iai rst. lltilit'tlrlll‘rl prilir‘n's it's
a short. powerlul and disturbing norel
Best New Song: (littitiirtl rntatnation
with a lot til new groups waited pretty
tiuiikiy 's‘ingles he Alit‘, Men at Work.
and line; Wow Wow were exerting. lntt

magistrates

lni1keil staying power wlrerr sublet led to the
stagnation ol l'M playltsts My lavonte st rug
oi the year rm,- “l ltnler the lioarthralk" hV
Toni liIIII ('lub a remake oi the
lire
most progressive inaer of the wear
greasing us right inn, l|tltltlll' age With Its

the
toaster I'lvhhll rover ioniatns the

Ilitt

ia/y tltVllllli. rlrraal soprano \‘Utril‘r and
irirotlitrrg hirssa Irma guitar U ink. "l linler
tltr.I “ninth-Hall? t». the MIt/al. til the litfllit'.
when you'll hear \‘.|np it‘ "lr'oxit
spilling trlll oi elevator and super

nnl
l.olistL't "
nrarkei lirtirlstrr'rrhr't'a

The [ltllllill'ltiliS by .J M. (Viral/er It's a
frightening parable ol trtL'lsl South Nora.
and is told lit sometimes harsh. sinneinnes
beautiful language A frontier outpost oi art

_All That Jazz

ew tnnsti‘ ilorntrrateil the Jazz. \L’tiihl itr l‘lh'lf l'tirther ath'errtiites irr liar
trrolirdics cairn: hour (hirette (:(ilLflllrili and his lorrner tlitttinrrer' Iiinraltl
Shannon Jackson, both on the Antilles label The Art linsentble of
 Chicago released a two record art of their breathtaking ll‘l_l[ttl)\'lst'tl porlorinani‘es.
\:

Mitt lieili as [retlorttreil by Shakespeare and
Co at the Mount itt Lennox. Mass hurt

I
! Berri Theatrical Experience:
i
l
l stages are setup right in the Wirtrtls behind

I  Darrow Gershowitz

tinrltlttit’s ltt

l'iantiet Blniettna rnetnber oi the World H'asaphoire (Quartet.
' (7 establish himself as the finest baritone saxophone player. With l’eppet Adam's a
(‘lirstj stlt‘irlttl

> Other saxophone i)l.t},‘t‘t5 who ptorltrijeil :‘lliit'tll rem ails are Arthur Illthlie, who
r iltrray possess the litrest group lti ja/lt today. Iillllll talented Anthony liraxion. and
l‘iL'lilt) ’l‘lrtearlgili. also it tnenrlrei of the group r"n

Versatile .lol‘rn llii‘itti rlotrrnrati'rl the ram ,si em with '~.'ttlllti‘r'r piano playing on
Rick Ford and l’hrn‘oalr Harnlers' latest albums to well as .r lir'ritlllllll it’tfttttl with
his own trio.

Young nuistctans i‘i)itlllllll' to strut lire rarrz \K'itllil wrth highly innovative
releases This list includes James Newton. a iii-rstethrl llltli’ player. his t it me liiL'tttl
Anthony Davis. and Wyntirn Marsalrs. who has already been l'itllt'tl the nest liizr
2y ('iiliespie

/\I't Pepper's niagrnfii r-nt innsit run he heard on mineral new ii'lt.‘r|'rt'\. nrany
i‘or'ning after his tt‘ngtt‘ death this sunnuer We .rl-‘at lrrrtr' Motrin; .‘sirtt one ol the
greatest postvlfhai'lie l’atker rtiltr'H’ilX playwrs lit the world [inspire .orne tragrt
losses. Jazz did thrive lit l‘l'n'L’. riazl lestivals traveled around tire tintitlti/ turning
people, on to the old and new realms oi the [it’ttti‘ llook lorward to rnant/ lllltii!
productive year‘s (ll t.‘r'tthf|\.'t‘ and em tting ttrtisti‘ r ‘

 

 

1.0rneﬂe Coleman: 0] fliitttttti Feelings. /\ttitllt's
ZWynlon Marsalls: Wynton Min-solis. (TBS

(iPlraroah Sanders: l.lUL'. 'l'heresa

4AM Ensemble Of Chicago: (Jr-hon finshrinrn. |:(‘M
UPepper Adams.- flt'llltti l)l'i'lffll.‘r. i’alo /\|to .laz/
“Hamlet Bluletl: f1ittiger‘t'irti:,l_i,i .‘ittth'. Blrrt'k .‘mrtiil
7James Newton: Portraits. India Navigation

Sadr! Pepper: ()ne September Afternoon. ()aiaxy
9Arthur Blythe: lilaboruii‘mts. CBS

lt).thn Hicks: Some (ither Time. Theresa

llJionald Shannon Jackson: Iittrf lbw in .r in; to... :r_
12.Rlcky Ford: lfifl’llili’ftllittfl‘r. Mll‘wl. V
iii-Henry Threudur'll: When that Was that, .\horrt illitr'
l/lAnlhony Davis: prisienre. (itarnavistorr

15-Anlllony Braxton: .Si'x (.‘oiriposiiions For Quartet. Antilles

n'tntrliu,

lidith Wharton’s place. and the audition.-
sits on folding rhaus to wan h soldiers do.

itrg battle among the trees. writ hes i‘avor-
ting iii a smoke glade, and lungs shooting
from parapets The opening st etre was
(’lL‘thilUittﬂ lli'rl the of distant
bagpipes. the .rpproar hing heat oi a drtrtrt.
and their the sudden i‘losh hermit-Ir the two
armies lit the siletne wlur h lollmunl the

sound

irnrrage lilt‘ rtliilit‘tltt' trrtns rrornrd to see
a strikingly lighted Iableatrs oi King and
iouttters ltil the wall of the Mount
Beat Cancelled T.V.
'i‘ursonr liurlrltes" h’lllt‘il
Iltlltttitrtttr [)lt'llilst'
looking sheeprsh nr n-nnen's nl-rtlnng iﬁul

Show:
uas by Its
hut toting \urlves

as Kip atiil ll-itny l'r'tet 'sr olai; and Toni
llanks trarrsietnlinl the tiiigle genre. and
treated a were lrtp \r'ii,‘ Nev. ‘r'orl‘. hr nrrl of
titllit'lll,‘ The its!) in st t‘]ri\rrtli'» '.\'i‘tt lurlll
fin-.hl‘aills iii-Inuit] then high a irvroi days.
the inn treated instant nostalgia for the
litiil seventies .r lltllittil.illlt' task Htil
H'i'olarr. Hanks and miter pr-rtint er ('liit‘r
i'lronrpsiin had a lteert innletstanilirrg oi

 

l

 

 

the early-disco sensibility, and deftly pitted
Henry's would-be Travolta against Klp's
nee-hippie. The post-sixties zeitgeist (God
bless me) was further explored during the
college graduation episode, By this tinre.
both are latter day hippies who lack any
real motivation — 1979 rebels without a
cause Tire decision to cut their hair and
join the real world prompts Krp's
inareellnusly self-reflexive. "We're
anat'hrmrtsnrs anyway." The satire critics
who are applauding ‘Sguare Pegs" for its
hipness inexplicably ignored “Bosnm Bud-
dies."

Bent Sporting Event: Jets vs. Buf-
lalir. flee, ' 7 at Shea Stadium. I thought
the Big Mair. Messer and l were era/:y in
wake up at live a.nr. to stand in litre nt
‘iirea tor six hours, t'spt't‘li'illy :rittL't.‘ i didn't
lollow football and had last been to a game ‘
in 1975 Then on Sunday we missed the
opening ktt‘lmll (and Harper's
lurnhlei because ol the traffic, a drizzle was
falling front dreary skies and my cocoa
was told Ho when the jets were trailing
l'fIl-tl at half time. I was ready to call it
quits lint l was loreed to stick it out. and
born our end [one seats was treated to one
of the most exriting treat conic-barks in
football history By the time 'l’ood's Frlst
pass of lllt.‘ day was tnlen epted by the Bills'
litil Simpson tight beneath us. I was sold
on the Jets and chanting "Watt 'ttl next
year" with the rest of the diirhards

Beat Comic Strip: "l’or Better or liar
Worse." by Lynn Johnston One shouldn't
get so Involver‘l with a trunk“ trlttt) faintly
but the adventures of a Toronto housewile.
her dentist husband. and two i hrlrlieii me
.so trnevtnltle it's unavoidable Plus. the
strip takes place irt real tune, the
tirarai'ters' age as you do

I'rnally. The Best Evaluation of an
Albany Phenomenon: "That rhrrk
talks and talks and doesn't say anything I r
tall her i ark Street." A The Big Man

Brute

 

SH

 

 

Rimbaud and l

Isalivated
Cravinga man

as such

of my poetic

thighs.

Ode To Rimbaud

We wrestled between the sheets.

His delicious lips— the gates opened.
His scorpion tongue.
lgiggled as ifa virgin.

lchuckled with experience.

sage of the two sides

who would stand the pressure

Linda Quinn

 

 

L

 

 

 

 

15-

9F

HOOD-l

 

 

