 

 
     

        

anxi—‘ﬁuxw ‘ ..

 

“i

-a... "—u
. _ a“... ,._..... m. u.-. .Wwwwfrrmrmuw:m ~44“

. /

 

 

      

 

  
 

 

 

"That’s nice to know. i may need to use
that Information in the future." The voice I
trails off and becomes that of the doctor.

Simon awakes to. that deadly smile of in-
difference. in hls stlll sleep-filled mind '
Simon is able to make out the words “you
are free to leave now." Simon nods his
head in hopes that this will be understood
by the doctor. As the doctor 15 about to
leave Simon asks him if it is raining out-
side. The doctor replies that it is and
Simon nods his head to say thank you. '
Simon goes to the window and sees the
same figure he saw in his dream.

Does life minor fantasy. or is fantasy just
a mirror of life? Simon says .... ..

thmu m r - (I Wanted: a
r ' “53.0 353 ( Repairman for ' 

ALBANY-i Trendsetter 88.  v 

462.9197 First person to - Kn
cor THOSE EARLY WEEK BLUES? successfully .  __  EARNEDS I

Monday Cure (no cover)
Domestic Bottles .89 cents  t
Bob Beiiafiore

imported Bottles $1.09

Kamikaze or Houseshots .79 cents
Free case of Rolling Rock to high scorer on Pac Man
Tuesday Cure (no cover)

Pitchers Genny Ale $1.75 l'm a big fan of comic strips. but not. i
like to think. for the usual reasons. Sure. 1
think they're funny; l'll laugh every time
Lucy dupes Charlie Brown Into thinking
that this time she really will hold the foot:

Miller $2.00
House Drinks .89 cents
ball still. What makes the comics amusing I
is that they poke fun at real life situations;

Sours .99 cents

White Russians $1.29 ‘
we can easily put ourselves in Charlie
Brown's place as the trusting and gullible

lced Teas $1_.29
l Wednesday
friend who knows he's about to be
frustrated once again. They give us a

mm mm Hello, I Must Be Going

COIFFURES

 

On Tuesday,February 9 and
Wednesday.February 10
Diane and Darlene will
cut hair or give any other
salon services (except color-

ing) at half price. '
By Appointment Only.

 

 

DEWITT CLINTON
142 State Street
Albany.N.Y. 12207
(518)463-6691

AAAAAAA‘-A ‘
'vvvvvvvv
A

repair the beast

v

 

 

AAAAAAA

 

Wins a free .

l‘

I
l
i l

j} .Real Homemade
l

% :TExAs emu .
50". 'r

‘A'A

 
 

of ASP

l

l

j complete tour
l

l .

l Headquarters!

AAAAAAA
vvvv'v'

Sky Is ‘

 

 

 

l Upbeat Jazz 'with DOWNTIME

THIS

’ Thursday,Friday,Saiurday

“The Sharks"

no cover will. current SUNY ll). 4 n 'l'ltmsrlnv

 

l
l
> Excellentopportunities
l
l

for women interested
in Legitimate modeling
work. Earn generous
hourly wages working

humorous glimpse of ourselves.

But more than their wit. it is the comics'
didactic quality that draws me to them. it
recently dawned on me that the funnies ——

Falling

   

ll Sundays

Susan Milligan

 

 

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Because you have varied

And we do. Kendall is one oi
the country's largest su tiers
oi health care products. 6 are
the world's most dlvarsiiiad
manufacturer oi non-woven
products. We produce Cum
—- the brand oi bab pr

EPYIIII
‘ IIIE ASYII ,

It you have a degree in

o

graduate degree In ENGl-
NEERING, then come explore
the career choices we have
available. We bet you'll find
options that will keep your
interest tor a long time.

*Fri-Sat 4pm-4am-x-
Sunday 4pm-12pm

482-9496

 

SPECIAL!

Each One You Buy!
Expires 5/31/82

Buy Two or More Pizzas; get $1.00 OFF

 

WWWWW

Sporting Goods
4'? Green St.

ipm'inl Discounts to
Students
l,t‘?It'l(.’(l T Shirts

N tJnIifr-irms liq",
\g. : .lztjtnpnrent 'I’MV

WWW

. /,
v /'/

 

 

Back To Clas
with Art, 

& S  '  Q  \-'
Drafting \ H '

 

GUADALAJARA
SUMMER
SCHOOL

pology. art. bilingual educa-
tion, folk music and folk
dance, history. political sci
ence, sociology, Spanish lan-
guage and literature and in-

 

Okay. i said to myself. l'll buy that. After
all. In my three and a half years of college
I've heard that line more times that I care
to remember. But I don't believe It just

choice of 195 majors. 4000 second fields. _
and alternative after alternative — all the
Information they pack the brochures with

— college gives you a chance to taste

some of the flavors of competition and
pressure (ask any business major). failures
and successes. and occasional satisfaction.
Sure. l agree. College does prepare you

for the real world.

My gripe is with people that say: “Wait
until you get to the real world." in some
cases. they have a point. A good number
of college students spend their four years
cloistered in the campus confines leaving
them only on rare occasion. For four
years. they never have to cook a meal or

that you'll pay the bill soon. That type of
college life is certainly not the real world.
it was mostly like that for me too for
three years. except for a few minor
modifications. My dorm was a few miles
from campus. and I had to take a bus to
class, but even that was free. l was very

to deny myself a Saturday night out
because i only had ’15 to last the week.
Now. l‘ve had to get used to it.

Just try to tell me that college isn't the

by without one. You want piling bills? I've
got them for you. Even alternate side of
the street parking is driving me up a wall.
And I still have to do schoolwork.

So please. if you're about to paint col-
lege as 4 happy-go-lucky years of no wor-
ries. no pressure. and no problems hold
your brush and keep it to yourself.

Sorry Dagwood. You're one step
behind. The real world that you say college
gets you ready for? I think l'rn already in it.

World Report I

Fast
Karma

time. In the bust of the human tradition
Simon decides to use sleep as a means of
killing some time. Off. off into sleep Simon
drifts. Soon a dream comes uprrn Slmrm.

somehow. someway he'll forget.

Opening the closet door Simon quickly
finds a coal and throws it on. The two
flights of stairs from his room to the fromt
dour soon disappear.

As Simon opens the door a smile flashes
back at him. Simon is too taken aback to
say much of anything. So he just returns
the smile.

"You sure have a strange way of making
a person feel welcome." The voice attach:
ed to the smile replies.

“Please excuse arty lack of manners tin
my part. i seldom have any use for them."

“if you promise not to tell anyone. l’rn J -

'n'e'es's' ynclll'm 'M'ng '0' a EllEgAdtstY' CUHS'l'l'TllltCAL' ‘r ’M/ m t i i " b b d I bb'l' t tt MX II
companyt encourages you . IND L or 4 ‘ . . . 1 n b “"00", or lead Wm. (he umny \vi ng o org ve you. ‘ om an o yng or re , . .we . _
to keep your Options open. MECHANICAL ENGINEERING  ° ' 7 7 Jaw. M Universtty of Arizona otters :5;p:nyanm m tum lihe dummy 0” and “I mom's“ Sun?“ Wiles, feeling like a there 3W wasn.‘ anygmuney Id. In M

r an MBA with an under-  w» morethandocourses;anthro- child talking to its mother. V ‘ budget. '

"Now that we have that settled. what 
you say we both go sit dr)wnl.antl chat.
“Did you ever wonder wha" ou would
do it someday yrrur.dreatns all came true?"

Simon asks nervously ofhj's visitor};

’ "'l‘d probably fall'flat on  face in total V_ -
"» :“ Qt . "

 

 

n ..rx

"' COUPON -
 I '  Niﬂﬂ‘we RLCk ‘ A A v for an Albany while they parody life as we know it — are
l’     M v v v v v v 4' v v v '1 A photographer now actually meant to make us think.
a, I , . . - I es‘nbnshing a new Sometimes we tend to think more about Ammantl _ the Libyan ca er wasn't
x I g to 11  We Deliver the Best Pizza in Town poﬂ‘oﬂo. only nnrac. Issues and questions when may are to the rape on my budget committed by a dEhumantzing Institutions. Doctors. nurses “ml'lgh. V P
 I Drive Thfu Window I ﬁve. 5e"_assured are prerslented lttnir hutlnnorous may. H t l l  lilll]. l inusi llvle ln.ad nldesdaryl Tlsllﬁro all knowing;le i‘ltll cum|~ Security measures wem "Smened ape, a
. T D ni o u u . tc rea 2a ion 1 me a )t’cat as amu ’ rm r on a swan or an pose 5 till or w nerves. <ac1 smi e. one] “1,. b1” " caused b "some so” or m ec_
l' : 1‘2 .35 L1   I  Pizzeria and :nVi:c: .0 ":23." Pica“: two weeks ago. and it felt like something SWEBtpants for sleep ~ underneath a trio inflection of the voice becomes a nail in a "(all h'“ smapmgmeﬂt Bush's car Tuzsclay
no u e p ograp f H j “I .| j ,1 of heav bla k t l ' ' '
t a- ‘ -' Mk? I ‘3 n” 0 “3 CLl l”§~ P OPP“ 0“ lOP 0f 5’ n e 5' DSVCl‘lC l'”"l‘~ resulting in a V-shaped dent on the rear
1 I 7‘  " W W when writing to: my head. and wriggjed [he msr of the way Oh yeah. there's the rent. While what Everyone IS so busy protecting their rrml. ~
ll: I  W'skrn Av."  (Across "om SUNYA) I _ J" Flynn smdlo into my brain. The strip was Blondie -—- the my three housemates and I pay is relatively asses (emotionally speaking) how in ltull's yesterday. (he Vicepwsldem' who
'. I _ I L Ch $4 25 D I. d p0 Box 1423 classic family situation comedy. Dagwood "Cl much "‘9 '"Ui‘llily Chomp it takes out name is an ill person supposed to (out usually walks me move“! trek from his 0L
arse 0999 V o ‘3 “fare Albany. New Yo”. is trying to explain some of the whys of life Of my checkbook is something I never had besides isloatecl? Today. however. Simon “a. 1., the Whuc Hnuse mde In .4, bullet.
: I Each item  extra 12201 l — why we do homework. why we do this. ‘0 WWW abou‘ "1 “‘9 dorm-r» PUSlieS all “"599 llmuglilﬁ and luﬂllligft proof limousine I '
: I I . . . v v _ I'VE had to learn to balanc' a b d it ‘l F I d l > I ' l
. We alsw have Bee). Wine. Soda. pasta Dishes why we do that. etc. to his inquisitive . r. u gr. . astce. or o ay Is I in day whur Slrnnn Now. jdnnr (,bjecr h, sensible pmtecuon
I ,l  l------ ---------------u b NFW HOURS . WW teenage son. The Q and A progressed to Worse. lve had to put myself on a budget, can leave It“. hospital “I "‘6 “1‘1me polmcal ‘eadersvbu‘ me
‘ i _j ‘  s  “Why do we go (0 conggc?" Dagwnod Financial resposibiltty was never one of my Before he can be released Simon must Adnjlnlstraﬂnn'g paranoia is acting up
. Mon- l lrur 4pm-lam t J  replied. "To prepare us for the real world." strongest qualities. and i‘ve never oeen one wall for the doctor to see him one last again, When | have car trouble. u never

makes the front page of The New York
Times. God help us If several members of
the Reagan team would uncharacteristically
decide to save taxpayers' money and car-

- Alli'nl N Y
l-ree Delivery (0  (m. ' I  '1 ,Iy ‘ ' because n has been branded jmo my real world. I dare you, List the major Tear shapedrrain drops fall upon the pool.
Smdems r t l lrll wgys bus memory; I think it's true. There Is no better aSPQClS “l VOW real world. You want V roof. A steady plop into a metal bucket - - -
- “i illlt in j . 1 4 H j I ~ 0 n d than a pressure to get a job? if you don't get cash reminds Simon of something else that Bush- and I think there's runs of near
_ . ~ I pacL o gc re ranmgy u ee ' ‘ M .. . .
Call 482 6300 ll” FAST SGW'CG‘ ll BUSY 405.6337 college or university. Besides giving you a from Mom and Dad. there 5 no way to get needs fixing. As usual Simon pledges to stuff we can do to. . wait a minute. . ,Mr.
get around to "it", Knowing full well, that president! L|siuni we're being pelted from

above by small projectiles!
Stockman: Quiet. George! He's asleep!
Halg: It seems we're under fire from the

Russians as part of Qaddafi's plot with

Cuba to encourage a rapid hemhorraging

      
      
   
       
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
    

of international terrorism
grain of my Iri-colored rib
and bleeding thecolors! .
. Halg: Relax. gentlemen. I am

'chargel Caspar. have thet-Soyief
us techngloglcally with the lm'ritine

vent 'nf aquatic-chemical warfare?
Weinber‘ger;‘l'm sorry. sir. lt's'Just afte

. 'r
all the millions‘iwe spent o'nfth'e neutron {it

(All look at_ Stockman.)
Stockma'ri: Well. it's not

y - .
t Xctg that mothgrs thtpklottttrst. Earn: ﬂagrant Iglok a't‘ what , ‘ tenslve Spanish. Six-week dl b I f , .
t n our n ustra ape o a orpora on as to S I t ' . r in r" bill — live all 5 ate,”   ..
i products are used around the offer (you. see our re re- U   ‘ jg??? [lune zsdl'tugust    O 'a pay one “Doésn't the idea of 311119 something .
V ' u y accre ' 8 gm ' y I you ttelilzrgclareddream’o ecome a fact eports of gloak-and-

  
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
   

world tor a wide range oi
energy and industrial appli-

n.
with one at the most prolit-
able and iastest-growing
subsidiaries of Colgate-
Palmoitve. your opportunities
become even greater. In
addition, we otter you the

 

oontat as on Campus. on«

tact our lacomont otiico

KENDALL
'M W M used a. i
The Kendall Company

a subsidiary oi ColaltoPllmollvo Company
Ono Federal Street, Boston. MA allot

 

 

 

  
  

WL. Coughtry CO. Inc.

518-463-2192

268 Central Ave. Albany, NY. 12206

 

 

 

' 'l.

 
  

, iU‘anr'ru't' li'r'W' Id writ-Jutland olttrth

uate and undergraduate pro-

Summer School

Robert L. Nugent 205
University of Arizona

 

 

 

 

Until I got an apartment, Now i have to

a gate that did the work for me.

And then there are the bills. Last week,
the boiler gobbled up another tankfull of oil
-— the third one ofthe year and the se-
cond since a freezing and messy winter

barely need a blanket at night. But thanks _

It we can n‘ilwidx'm-AA-air’ﬂrxovm 33.39;

 

Hubert-Kenneth Qiokeylp

to convince Simon that modern medicine
isn't all It is cracked up to be. Periodically
Simon has to remind himself why hadr- tn
the hospital. The days that followed htsg‘ -

   

 

 

of day to day’lll'er'excite you?'-Ty_

l,"-‘{Sounds like you belt
and'letthe rest of us’
."*“,I}.t'-léasl yolks:
hu’mor. Your ' '

 

 

  
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
  

 

the part of the Libyans .

-' Student Kits Availabl

‘ cations. n or | . e ‘- - - r all mone —— real. reen money . .

‘. W do '8  glam' Tu'llon $350- Room if :segyp:;e l wa'r'“ m em. [gcanvi jus} . 1...."Simon. l'rn not looking for any cheap _’ esldent in two ways: it

 Thls means You can PUl YOUl or send Your resume lo JOhn alld board In Mama" home' slide a plastic card Into a little machine. get thlllls. l‘ye already had 'more than enough  'attention from real economic pro-

' educa'lon '0 am 989 'n "'6 Sloan' Manager of empbymen' I $395 . EEO/AA i ii - d rt all i want And now i have I keep thinkng abo “TVS-lulu Wood. she of“lhem." ’ I. , " . 7‘" s'at home and galliEd SHPPO" for

' iiold oi your chotce, white and College Relations. ' wnt l" “L a" L" ~ ' . ->  » " ' j ' i 11.1 b r- h' r ‘ ' D b 4 d t i t llo
keeping your career options 9 to wash the dishes instead of sliding them sure was ’loktng awfully good. - . BOISU‘NOUSI 200,5 a '19 a 011' ﬁﬁaﬂ ‘Reagﬂn 5 ecem 91 9C 50" 0 a W

And' as an employee Guadala'ara to some seemlnqu body-less hands behind — Jerry Harrison  ‘thrtlla? l In talking about doing lltl: lh domestlc spying by the CIA. i suppose the
' l ' Four weeks In a hospital bed are enough '{.you want but fear the most.’ possibility ex|5ts that Qaddaﬂ planted the

piece of cement and wired it to ﬂing at
Bush's car at a specified time. all to
decréase public faith in the Vice-President
by making him look paranoid.'But Bush
doesn't need any assistance in that depart-

benems and salarles You ‘nnwmmmwmlm'w M'F 8'5 m . . Tucson 8572 b 1 it earl onslaught. in the dorms. operation are filled with tests and exercises.
shell” command. Open sat 9'5 PE)“ between Lake & Qua" 56' (602) 625 47:9 i'figjdmjjlzln bzcause the rooms were too but mostly with loneliness. - "5 ment. And increased "security" at home is
’ ' - - hot, it would be mid-February and l'd Besides a jail cell or a nut house, th hardly qualified by a hyped-up rumor of a
l ' ~ hospital must be one of America's most Libyan plot. El

