r
I

.~( .

 

é .
l

 

   

   

: Politics: V
'World In

COlliSion

C

9M

NOOF‘

 

 

To map the areas of yesterday's
agreements and remember the divisions of
east and west. When three worlds fought
for your heart and everyone Is a col-
laborator. there are only levels of coopera-
tion and tltere comes a time when what
was wrong becomes right.

There comes a time when friendly dogs
begin to bite.

So go beyond your old obsessions. we
are definitely expecting rain the mystery
comes closer for those who cart maintain.

.Ierry Harrison

hen and where and what might
be a more accurate portrait of the
geopolitical landscape tliair anyI

other this year 1982 When the Falklands
Islands (which thank God have returned to
their rightful non-place in history) become
something worth ligliiiiig for, one must
wonder to one's sell what the hell is going
on? If It wasn't for the fact that hundreds of
people died for seemingly no reason. a guy
might crack up at the tltought of this "war
to meet the needs of all wars "

Hubert—Kenneth Dickey

Then for the really young iii the brain
there's this little matter of extra-legal acts by
the Likud government of Mr. Begin. I
guess everyone sltould be assumed guilty
until proven otherwise Guilt can riiovl
people to do all sorts of things. but I
wonder how considerate the Zionist state
would be If the PLO had committed the
some levul of murder and destruction upon
them this summer. Nothing. no thing. no
reason can be given for this act of human
exCess. The only thing in question here is
whether any crimes have been committed.
That's something for the courts to decide.
Something deep down inside me says that
this deal is for the birds. There's no way
anyone with the willingness to care about
hutnan life can say that five. ten or more
thousands of men. women and babies 'rf
Arab descent are less than that of a Zir‘inis‘.
The saddest part of this whole affair is lhrl
the actions of the Zionist state seem to sup-
port the Zionism is racism rhethoric. No
matter what one's political beliefs a lot of
people are dead this year aird all too often
It's just the price we pay for the lives we are
so want to lead.

Within the small hopes of the downtrod-
den. the earth brings forth its fruits The
bread of life for those who are dying. Dow
Jones controls the world so he must pay
the fate. Rocky always told us there was no
such thing as a free lunch. He forgot to tell
us that indigestion was part of the deal.

If taken with a grain of salt I'm sure that
no harmful results wrll ensue. Take for in-
stance the overwhelming need for humans
to hold power over other humans through
the most spurious of means. instant telly for
spines help the powers that be (haven't you
always wondered what the hell that means)
wallow In the fears of their fellow non»
beings. The plastic that most use to form
their souls melts with the lies of fascist
dogma.

All power to the dollar and cent value of
you and your property. Sell your soul for
fame and misfortune if you are lucky
enough to get It. Push the facts away from
the table (if life and knowledge. Instead fill
your gut witli the output of goods and Scr‘
vices. How gross Is the national product of
vampires who suck their own blood and
then feed It to their young as if It could pro’
duce anything other than the disease that
flows throughout their own veins?

Following Japan's surrender and the

proclairiation of the Democratic Republic

of Vietnam (DRIJ) In August 1945.

 

igll‘tt‘ttiiglt’itnps entered Tonkin. Allied itc-

a-a nu 0‘: A a at; a a a a I'o'a'a'l'l'l .‘n't.‘L'A'n'-'-'-'~'~'-'~'.’-'-“>7-"""“"Y‘"".' ' "' "NJ"?

xzaleighty-two in review

 

 

  
      

 

cords had stipulated that Guomitidang
Chinese would secure Tonkin and British
troops Cochtnclilna until the French
returned.

To end the Chinese occupation of Viet-
namese sotl—Hanoi's uppermost preoc-
cupation at the time—Ho Chi Minh
negotiated art agreement with the Frettch
in March 1946. Vietnam was thereby
recognized as an independent state in the
Indochinese Federation of the French
Union. The respite In hostilities. however.
proved short-lived. In December 1946.
after French violations of the settlement.
the fighting Iii Indochltia resumed.

If the Guoinindang stood as an obstacle
to the Vietnamese Revolution at the time.
the victoiy of the Chinese Communists In
1949 was. coiitrawise. regarded as a boon
to the cause. The People's Republic of
Chitia (PRC) firmly supported the Viet-
namese against the French colonialists. not
least because they themselves ere engaged
In a was with Western colonialism in
Korea.

US. policy In the Far East was focused
on the "containment" of China. To this
end. it helped subsidize the French military
effort against the VIet-Minh. The Chinese.
whose stake iii a Vietnamese was. in these
circumstances. considerable. furnished Ho
Chi Mlnli's partisans with nipple supplies.
In fact. American artillery seized by the
Chinese Communists in the course of their
own civil war and Korean War played a
pivotal role in the Vietnamese victory at
Diem Bicn Phu.

lithnocentrtsni. or the consciousness of
ingroup solidarity. with a consequent
sense of pride and power. Is on of the
strongest of human sentiments. The iraiure
of air ingroup or an ethnic community is
defined by the culture of which the group I5
apart The American culture has defined a
number of ethnic groups. who represent
religious. national or a combination of
religious arid national groupings. All of
these groups have intense pride in their
own membership: and they express this in
a variety of ways. There are several
singular and significant differences. lit the
circumstances of the role of blacks as an
ethnic group Iii American life. Blacks' abili-
ty to express their sense of pride has been
circumscribed.

Perhaps nowhere has this been more
flagrant than in the well nigh completely
successful attempts of the white communi-
ty. with the encouragement and complicity
of the nation's social scientists. to have
blacks forget that they are by and large a
European-AmericanIndianABlack African
hybrid. Blacks have been encouraged to
forget that the ancestors whose name they
bear were of British stock. and that the
varying shades of color and different tex-
tures of hair among themselves are a telec-
tions of a variegated ethnic ancestry. In
culture almost completely. and in race to a
fairly considerable degree. the overwhelm
trig majority of American blacks are of z
European background. Yet blacks' sense of
racial and cultural pride has been restricted
to his supposed African origins In a veiled
and uncertain past.

Blacks today are isolated not only from
the jobs at the bottom of the ladder. but
also from those at the top. so desperately
needed to begin a closing of the economic
gap. Admittedly this isolation stems froin
.‘n absence of contacts. Wltom one knows
is for white Americans as important as what
one knows. For black Americans. the
failure to know economically successful
people In those intimate and familial rela-
tionships which spell care arid concern and
iriuttinl economic responsibility means no
less than a growing isolation froin the
economic and social fruits of American life.
which are theoretically their due in«

 

1.~,u.v.p_v_'_v.v,r_v,v,o.-.v,-_v,nr.v.r.r.v.v.r.v.v.v.r.-.~.-.-.- 'f.VFv-.-.--‘  - 

  

    
     
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
   

 

 

 

All the resources of the state, its whole potential

and instruments of influence, primarily the official

and secret repressive apparatus, the army, the mass

media, the educational system, juridicial

institutions, diplomatic departments, and so on,

are thrown into fight against communism.

heritance

The elevation of anticommunism to the
rank of state policy then Is one of the
means used by the imperialists and the
oligarchy in their efforts to consolidate their
power In America. That is precisely what
some fascist‘minded dictatorshlps have
done. Anti-communism has been the key
ideological and political factor which deter-
mined their installation Iti power and their
continued rule. Dictatorships have framed
and enacted constitutional noritis pro-
claiming comrnunisni to be the arch
enemy. In these conditions. the whole ac«
tlvity of the state is geared in “eradicating
the Marxist tumor." All the resources of the
state. its whole potential and instruments of
influence. primarily the official mid secret
repressive apparatus. the army. the mass
media. the educational system. )uridlclal
institutions. diplornattc departments. and
so on. are thrown into fight against com-
muntsm.

Imperialist propaganda is virtually
saturated with attacks against the coni-
munists and the Soviet Union anti with
fraudulent reports. articles and commen-
taries. The communists are prevented from
holding office In government agencies and
they are fired from private enterprises.
Children and young people are subiected
to systematic ideological brainwashing so
as to prevent future generations from being
“infected with communism." Official
methods of instruction at schools and col-
Icges lti some countries distort history In
every possible way. while fascist-type
books and pamphlets are allowed to cir-
culate. and Hitler's Meln Kampf is once
again on sale here and there. The national
security doctrine Is an obligatory stﬁiject In

 

 

u

colleges and universities. and pro-
communist attitudes" are even fished out
from folklore and folk culture.

It Is true for the bourgeoisie. that
bourgeois democracy continues to be a
more reliable means than a fascist type dic-
tatorshlp in realizing its class domination In
some of the countries of the world. It is
equally evident that the viability of such
democracy Is limited. and that in some
cases it even poses a threat to the capitalist
system. The events which occurred in
Chile with the installation of Popular Unity
In power; the successes of the Broad Dotti
In Uruguay. which may not have won
power in 1973. but did constitute the main
political force in the country: the victory of
the revolutionary aan democratic forces In
Bolivia in the 1980 elections — all of this
served as a warning to imperialist circles.
Reaction drew this conclusion: If legality
hits at the Interests of capital. let us put an
end to It. And that is preciser how it began
to act.

Trampling on bourgeois democracy. the
dictatorial regmes seek to maintain power
without any changes in the form of state
administration and to prevent the use of
bourgeois — democratic Institutions for the
people's Interests. In this way some strata
of the bourgeoisls abandon their own rules
of the grime. Ultimately the events of 1982
are behind us; what remains to be seen ts
whether or not Africa. Asia and Latin
America will allow us to continue to forget
their Interests when we try as we (USA)
always do. to "run the show." The stage Is
set. now all that Is left Is for the actors to
speak their lines. Until then. I guess one
could say that the Jury Is still out. on
1982. "

  
 
 
  
   
  
 
   
  

 

 

‘two in review

Iter/painter/musiclan Alberta dt
Martino has been mesmerizing
. aflcianados of Albany's
'.‘ round" for the past twenty-five
t ' : William Kennedy called her "the
l  angry woman," while Fred
 I. referred to her as a "cross between
 t ' e Stein and Mata Hari." Now fifty-
lm ,berta devotes most of her time to
' ' I her birds. and the forsythia plants
v @- ecorate her Dove 5t. aartment.

J O’Brian

t- st July would Alberta grant me this
' and only these candid excerpts
en authorized by the Albany
2 for publication. For brevity's sake.
I tried the questions and provided
ese pithy epigrams which were cull-

hours of conversation. Rare in-
} cm a rare woman.

' le forget that the Women's Suffrage
ent was not such a clear-cut
’ When the chicks congregated at
a Falls they were saying we want the
‘but hey the Irish working women In
eatshops want the same thing? Oh.
it different story.

contrary. I am vast. People tell inc
hlnk like a man. and act like a man
en. I think I'm the only sane person
town. But. then I've always thought
e dl Martinos are very independent.

  
  
   
  
   
  
  

onna rain tomorrow. I can feel it In
' mach. You wanna close the window
bit?

m trying to do Is forge some sort of
...no. not a lifestyle a life. The
ferfi sis try to tell me to assert myself.
In Just don't understand power. If they

1.." Me Introduce Myself. . .

 
 
    
   
  
   
   
 
 
   

Not a dlstortionist. a

01 believe anything I say or appear to
or you are not "you"- just as I am not
V; ,ttbut a temporary occupant of "your"
’kghts. "I" am abstract. Wetghtless.
' physical. I am a shadow.

 

' Is a time for percussion. In the factories
Gdansk. they know. In Detroit. they
w. In New York. the sweatshops and

not the Bavarian Day parade. It's not
. Soviets marching though the Kremlin
,' not even the Ku lilus I\'Iait It's your
 door neighbor. Ask Iiiiii He might

in
‘4, cy (Olllt‘

" t of (fit: f’urlt'.
inctinies at night.
tiling.
r‘y flatter you. Al/i'ttii you.
If you tilfltll you titlittf
hear and
on! to kiss your
by
k . rid press your
esh.

' emocmﬂc Socialists
. "What are the goals of the Democratic
r ova/sis o/ AneretIs/it Bohr". ,

did. they wouldn't be talking about It all the
time. The church told me to be reverent.
They didn't understand God. If they did.
they wouldn't be talking all the time.
They'd shut their goddamn mouths.

Well. I like being macho. Or macha. ex-
cuse me. I'm not going to waste my time
yelling to a bunch of disinterested men
about my problems: sexual problems.
menstrual problems...l'll just take what I
need and fuck off. Thank you very much.

Well. you know. Picasso said: "Je rte
cherche pas. le trouue (I don't search. I
find)" Hasn't that been the woman's story
all along?

 

 

""63" Portrait Of The Arti'Stelt'  

ple' magazine the most are those that want
to be on the cover. Fuck them. Have you
gotta match?

All Milton and Dante were trying to do
was put Scripture In a language people
could better relate to. Shakespeare came
along and said "I appreciate all of that. but
this is what It's like to be a MAN. A human
being." Zarathustra was no different. But
he could smell the twentieth century com-
Ing.

Things are more attractive In motion
than at rest. People In motion. How
wonderful. I think I'll write a song about it.
(sings)

 

Art? Fuck Art. I don’t care about art. I iust want

to live. I’m not trying to aggrandize myself. The

people who degrade ‘People’ magazine the most
are those that want: to be on the cover. Fuck

them. Have you gotta match?

 

I never could figure out what It was that
men wanted. quite honestly, I mean. It Isn't
Just sex. Men are too afraid of It. Everytime
you try to transcend beyond sex roles or
the existence of gender at all. your genitals
take off and remind you that there Is a dif-
ference. So it is a sexual problem. Ipso fac-
to.

 

a

 

’ ./

 

' "To gt't socialists iltft) pufilit‘ (II/RV. "

‘itiicu the Il‘iA t‘liilllih to llt' iionrdogniattc
tlIILI the goals of this party are strictly
political in that they're constrained to put
sorcalists in leadership positions. they're
going to have to build a political base. The
American worker has voted Democratic
since the new Deal. Labor's goals. tltrough
lobbying and dubious forms of persuasion.
are now Identical with those of tlie U.S.
multinational-imperial machine. Witness

 

Art? Fuck Art. I don't care about art. I
just want to live. I'm not trying to aggran-
dize myself. The poeple who degrade 'Peo-

 

I
l
E

False sense of security? As far as I'm cori-
corned there’s no such thing as a false
sense of security. As long as it cart stand
the test of time.

I know I'm overly cerebral. That's my
problem. Make sense? Who said anything
had to make se se? This is all a conun-
drum. We're not supposed to figure It all
out In our lifetime. People forget iliat.

I get most of my Ideas from musical
themes. No. I don't mean "West Side

 

labors support of the Southeast Asian
campaign two decade.» ago .ian the hostili-
ty towards Japan today Things have
changed since 1017 when John L. Lawn-,8;
miners threatened to siitke during World
War I. which they viewed as yet another
capitalist war.

If the USA does itot Woo this sector of
the American public (labor) they will re-
main in their present Incarnation as largely
a coalition of the ripper middle class and

Story". I mean certain notation patterns.
though I don't read music. Rhythm. I
guess. Anytime I have writer's block. ltust
bang on the bongos.

I know subtlety is supposed to be a
desirable thing. I don't feel like being subtle
right now. I don't feel like creating any new
myths. As a woman. I have to deal with
enough of them as It Is.

You know It's funny. 1 look at a woman
like Jackie Onassis. I think there’s a woman
who understands a certain type of power,
so she surrounds herself with men who can
give her diamonds and iurs- those types of
commodities. I'm not putting her down.
y'understand. She's not looking for Prince
Charming. she's already hac A/l...She
has those old standards. you know. what
we call "class." Jackie hasn't gone off the
gold standard yet. ~

I don't care about nuclear war. Not a
whit. The wehrmacht. warmakers don't
want to destroy the world. It's not In their
best Interests. They're )ust greedy and
short-sighted like Jake down the street. I
try not to pay them any attention.

I love decay. Decay Is healthy. It's In-
dlcattve of change and growth. Things
returning to their natural origin.

1 have no sympathy for frustrated artists.
None at all. They're trippliig over their own
egos. They're deluded.

I'm a great liar. One of the best I know.
That always pissed me off about my
women friends. They didn't know how to
lie or even how to keep a goddamn secret.
We di Marinos are all great liars. It's an In-
herited trait. I Irate distortionlsts. though. A
liar can be an artist. A dlstortionist is )ust full
of shit. ‘

 

 Sing The Body Electorate

" fect. be liberal democrats with no pull. The
USA could. however. become the party of
the unemployed. That would really be In-
teresting. If the unemployed were to gain a
substantial voice in our government. which
is to say that if the collectivization of the
auto. steel. and housing Industries (let
alone oil for now) was really happening.
the Inertia from years of inequity would
create something as devastating as Stalin's
1928 purge. Most of Aspects readers
would be in the ditch Literally.

It was the peasants who paved the way
for Robespierre and Napoleon. It was the
workers in 1848 who hastened the asceti-
dance of the latter‘s nephew Louis. and
later Bismarck. The Bolsheviks gave us
Stalin. In only four years. (718.000
Americans died so that the emerging

prevail over the old English aristocracy of
clicstratorl to affect in” socialization of the

United States. Iztirope. the old Japanese
empire and the Soviet Union. Collectivrza-

 

iion has its cost.

The struggle between the prolcs and the
bourgeoisie has already occurred in
America as per Marx's prediction. The
United States is now it textbook example of
a welfare state and only armed struggle v.ill
alter that fact. This is soiirething that the
Democratic Socialists of America should
'r'otne to grips wttlt I hope they're ready for
I it. If. on the other hand. the DEA cori-
titiues its attempt to use the American

 

..

on data-

NOUI‘

 

 

urban-industrial class of the North could {

the South. World Wars 1 St II were or _

political appatatus as a vehicle for real i

"t‘ltittigu. then lltL’It‘ fetishism lies wttti
democracy. not socialism

Discourse On Time

1) Slow Oxidation -— Rust

2) Spontaneous Oxidation -— Fire

3) Instantaneous Oxidation — Nuclear
. Blast C]

 

the Intellectual community. They will. In ef-

 

 

 

 

