  

 
 

l
is

“v”

 

 

 

 

it
‘I 11“]:{y‘r‘ T. “he ’3‘. «Vi-‘5; I.’ e‘ ‘ ’2‘ I...

Cocaine confiscated ‘

Lafayette. Ga.
(AP) Federal and state agents acting on a tip staked out a
small northern Georgia airport and arrested seven men to-
day when an airplane loaded with more than $200 million '
Wt;th of cocaine arrived from South America, authorities
aa d.

Agents from the FBI. Georgia Bureau of investigation.
Georgia State Patrol. Lafayette police and Walker County
deputies were waiting when the twin-engine plane landed at
l2:30 a.m., Sheriff Ralph Jones said. ‘

The agents seized about 640 pounds of cocaine. the plane
and four cars that were waiting on the ground to pick up
the drugs. he said.

Last month. cocaine valued at more that $500 million
was found in containers in a woods near Elliiay. 0a.. about
60 miles east of here. Jones said officers "just don't know
at this point" whether the cases are related.

Phony N.Y. Times printed

New York
(AP) 'The New York Times said Monday it was trying to
determine where the printing was done by a phony section
that denigrated Roy Cohn, the lawyer. and attacked Mayor
Edward I. Koch and Republican gubernatorial candidate
Lewis Lehrman.

The fake l2-page section. titled “Profiles of the Times."
used paper and typefaces similar to the Times' regular Sun-
day book review section. It was circulated mainly on the
West Side of Manhattan according to Leonard Harris. a
Times spokesman. \

He said the Time irad received several leads. which came
mostly from readers. but he did not describe what they
were.

“The most important tlrltrg is to find out wlterc it was
printed. and go on from there." said Harris.

He said the newspaper and the police wuc investigating.
but a police spokesman said the department had no formal
complaint from The Times.

The district attorney's ofﬁce said late Monday morning
that it had received a complaint from the Times and was in-
vestigating.

 

It Specialist-speaks on Spenser

Foster Provost. Professor of English at Duquesne
University in Pittsburgh. will lecture on "How to Read
Book I of Edmund Spenser's The Faerie Queen Thurs-
day. October 28. at 4 pm. in the Humanities Lounge.

Dr. Provest. a scholar of international renown. has co-
authored two Spenser bibliographies and in I979 was the
editor of the Spenser Newsletter. _

The talk is sponsored by the Department of English and
is open to the public. ‘

 

For nature nuts

John O‘Pezio. black bear specialist with the New York
State Department of Environmental Conservation. will
present “The Bear Facts" Tuesday. October 26. at 8 pm.
in LC 7. The free, illustrated public lecture will separate
fact front fiction about the behavior, ecolog)’. and
management of the black bear In New York State.

The bear talks is part of a series sponsored by the
University's Atmospheric Sciences Research Center and
the Department of Environmental Education Center.
which will continue for three conservative Tuesdays.

Say what?

Professor Andrzej Hulanicki of the Mathematical In-
stitute. Polish Academy of Sciences will be explaining
“Spectral Expansions of Homogeneous Differential
Operators on Homogeneous Groups." Friday. October
29. at 4 pm. in ES I40. Coffee ante colloquium will be

L served at 3:30 in ES 152.

   
 

 
 
 
   

 

 

Let’s get psychical

Cobwebs in the attic? A i2-weck course entitled
“Awaken Your Higher Mind" will be offered by Ma...“
Petro. clairvoiyant and artist. The course will cover topic,
such as metaphysical concepts, pyschic dcvclopmcm
spiritual healing. and the human aura. Former vice:
president of Awareness. Inc., Pctro is also a membcrot
the American Society of Psychial Research. the Associa-
tion for Transpersonal Psychology. and holds a ccrliftt‘att
In Transperspnal Counseling.

Classes will be held Wednesday, November .1 iii Lake
George. and Thursday. November 4 in Clifton Park
from 7-9:IS and will continue on a weekly Irtlsis. The coal I
for the course Is SI 10 ($i20 if paid in installments).

Brochure and registration forms may he obtained by
calling Marina Petro at 668-2405.

Statistics in the stratos

This Wednesday. October 27. Ruben t‘rabricl oi in.
University of Rochester will continuing the Sitilitlics Co).
loquium of the Department of Mathematics and Statirtiri
with a talk on "Multivariate Analysis turd (irtrphiril
Methods for Atmospheric Science Data." The lecture “ill
be held at 3:30 pm. in EX I39.

Teachers of tomorrow

If you are planning on doing your student teaching titli-
ing the academic year l983-B4. the director of Student
Teaching requests that you make sure you are L‘tiltilicd in
the teacher education program and that you rt-giucr lot
student teaching.

Registration will take place at the following tiltiL‘\ and
places: Business Education. November 2‘). [-5 I24, itllLI
November 30. BA 2218; English. December I. H) 124;
Math. December 2, ED “5; Science. December .1. till
115; Forecign Langttagcs. Decetrrbcr (r, H) 124; mil
Social Studies December 7. ED 115. All trigiyltalltvlh .iti’t
iicld from 9 a.m.- 5 p.m.. 

For more information. contact tltc I)t'|\illllllt'|l| atj
Teacher Education. ED II]. at 457-7752.

 

Tylenol reintroduced

Chicago
(AP) The makers of Extra-Strength Tylenol are preparing
to reintroduec the pain-reliever and have begun an advertis-
ing campaign urging consumers to “continue to trust
Tylenol."

A series of 60~sccond television messages began Sunday
night on all three major commcrical networks featuring Dr.
Thomas N. Gates. medical director of McNeil Consumer
Products. the maker of Tylenol.

“We want you to continue to trust Tylenol. " the com-
mercials say. Gates says the company eventually will rcin-
troduce Tylenol in tamper-resistant containers.

Tylenol capsules were withdrawn from the market after
seven deaths were reported between Sept. 29 and Oct. l in
the Chicago area.

Cuomo and Lehrman debate

New York
(AP) Democrat Mario Cuomo. repeating charges that his
positions were being distorted by Republican Lewis
Lehrman. today suggested making “lying a crime in a
political campaign."

The suggestion drew laughter and applause as the two
gubernatorial candidates met in a debate sponsored by the
New York Daily News.

During the debate. the lieutenant governor once again
accused his millionaire businessman rival of running “an
underground. subterranean campaign."

Cuomo said Lehrman had, In letters targeted to special
groups - such as Catholics or Jews - and in television adver-
tisements, suggested that Cuomo was soft on crime, in
favor of unrestricted abortions. quota systems for minority
hiring. and for increasing local property taxes.

“My position is just the opposite," claimed Cuomo.

“Tire record will speak for itself." Lehrman replied.

Stock market declines

New York
(AP) The stock market sold off sharply today amid concern
that interest rates might be turning upward.

The Dow Jones average of 30 industrtais. which reached
lO-ycar highs last week. tumbled 2l.89 to l.009.57 by
noontime. '

Declines outnumbered advances by more than 7 to 1
among New York Stock Exchange-listed issues. But by to-
day there hnd been no such move by the Fed. which had

 

tirade ﬁve previous half-point cttts iii the discount rate since
late summer.

Brokers said tltc rcstiltiitg letdown protnpted forecasts
that interest rates. after falling steeply of late. tniglrt reverse
their decline. In the bond market this morning prices of
long-term government bonds dropped about $5 for every
$1.000 in face value as rates rose.

Stoke traders. meanwhile. bcgttn scrambling to cash in
on the market’s rccctrt spectacular gains.

U.S.-Canadian talks held

. Ottawa
(AP) Secretary of State George Shultl. told Canadians on
Monday that tltc Unich Sittlcs won't tell thcur lrow to ruir
their country and “don‘t yoti try to tell us Irow to rtrn
ours.”

At the satire time, Shultr. told Canadian reporters that the
United States would like Canada to beef up its armed forces
and nrakc sure its foreign investment rules are fair to
American investors.

In an official working visit to the Canadian capital.
Shultz made it clear that the United States does not intend
to mend frayed U.S.-Canadian relations by ignoring its
own national interests.

Shultz held private discussions with Canadian Prime
Minister Pierre Elliot-Trudeau and External Affairs
Minister Allan MacEachcn. Canadian officials said the
talks focused on protectionist trends that have developed in
both nations.

Unemployment has no effect

Washington D. C.
(AP) l'rcstdcnt Reagan says Itc doesn’t believe the nation’s
high unemployment rate will hurt Republican candidates'
co uiccs in tire November elections.

Asked by reporters if unemployment would climb higher
before starting to drop. the president said Sunday. ‘lt could
and rt couldn't."

Unemployment reached a 42-year peak of 10.] percent in
September and sortie economist have said that it is likely to
continue rising.

Democrats have pounced on the unemployment issue
claiming it Will mean victory for them at the polls .

 

Sharon authorized assaults

.lt’lil\tl/t’ltl
(AP) Defense Minister Ariel Sharon said lorlrty tlr.rt its
authorized the Christian militia assault on tno \\t’\l Ilt'lllll
rcftrgcc camps where hundreds of I’llIL‘sIllilAlls nrn‘
massacred.

But Sharon. testifying before a commission prolunc tltr‘
Sept. l6-l8 massacre. insisted that no lsiucli ttlIItlilI L\\‘l
imagined tltc attack aimed at rooting out Pt (I t'Ht'Hllll‘
would lead to a slaughter.

He said Ire made the decision to let tltc ('Iriistrun. ltlltI lIh‘
camps iii consultation with Israeli's clricl' oI \lr’lll. l I. but
Raphael Eytan.

Sharon said Prime Minister Mcnaclicm lirprn '.\.l~ llI-
formed that the Christians were to takc “ccrtrmr plbw" ttt
west Beirut. bill that liegiir was not told they ‘.\tttlItl r'ortttt‘t
tlrc Sabra rind Clrtitillti camps.

Supreme Court Justice Yitzhak Knhmi {I‘iis't‘ti \tltttt Mt
known of Christian attitudes toward I’alcstirrirun. slumtt

  

   

 

lIy Iieth IIrInser
__.,  .. .L .- 3’!” "W1"... . ,  .--__.

In SA's I'inttl appctrl for an on cttlllptls polling place for
tire upcoming elections. the New York State Court of Ap-
peals yesterday rrl'l'irmcd tltc ruling of it lower court
deciding that although clcctiotr districts should be divided
by i983. the appeal could not be grittttctl by tltc November
2 Election Day.

The unanimous decision trradc by the Court of Appeals
iipltcld the Thursday afternoon decision of tltc Appellate
Division of tire New York State Supreme Court. I'Ititd
Department. that two new vol ing districts should be crcutcd
next year.

The new toting tII\lI icts should be established by I983 to
affect tolcrs itr Albany‘s I‘il'tcctrtlt Ward. Third District.
now voting in St. Margaret Marty‘s School and the First
lilcction District. form of (litildctland. trow \oting iii the
Mcix'ownvillc l-'irc Ilotisc.

Whilc 5A ttltotncy Mrn‘k Mislrlcr argues that tltc new
polling places should. logically. be placed on campus. there
is no guarantee from tltc courts that this will be done.

Including SUNYA students. there ncrc 1.74l pcoplc
rcgistcrcd to vote itr Albany's l'il'lcctttlr Ward. I'hiid l-‘lcc—
lion District Ill lttyl yctrr's elections nhilc |.tl15 \olcts nctc

 

OCTOBER 26. I982 ll ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS 3

SA looking to 1983‘taft’e‘r" polling ‘pl'acodé'nia’l

register-ct! itr (irrildcilund‘s I‘It'yl District. The figures ttt't.‘ itr
violation of tlic New York State I-llcction l.an . nhich sittlcs
that tiny election tIisll'Ici with more than I.000 rcgistctctl
\otcrs should be ditidctl.

Purl-time SA ultorncy Lewis ll. ()litcr. felt that the re-
qucst for an on campus polling place should not have had
to iravc been brought to tilt: courts. Rather. ()litcr felt the
Albany County liotntl of Illcctiony should have crcutcd trcn
polling plttccx III S/\'\ l'iist rcqucst. made met at month ago.

" The only reason no lost." ()litcr said. "\\il\ bccutrxc of
tin.- titrrc it look the case to gel to court.“

The Albany (‘outrty liotud ol l-lcclioth and its commis-
sioncrs. Raymond J. Kinlcy utrd (icorgc I’. Scrrtiirgc i'clt
tltc rcqttcst l‘ot tl|I~L':IIIIDlI\ polling phrccs originally nrtrdc by
SA President Mike (‘otso on Scptctirlrcr 2,1. ('orso Iclt
voting machines Iocrnctl in tltc t’urrrpin ('cmcr nould
facilitate sttttlcirt \otiug and incicnsc \otcr turnout .urrotig
SUNYA students.

llowcyct'. (‘otnnrissioncr Scutingc lcll Iltctc nus no pro-
blem with students getting to the polls lust ycm. tIL‘sDIlL‘
SA's claim that tltc ptcsctrt \Ulilltt tllt'lh arc incontcntcntly
located at u \Igtlilit‘hlli distance from the uptonrt campus.

” I'lrcrc :uc l5 hours to \otc." said Scntitiyc. “And ottt ol
all llrc students that registctcd to tow Ittsl ycttt. only 200

showed up at St. Margaret Mary's.”

“I personally watched the buses pull up to the voting
place." continued Scaringc. “And only One or two
students got out" at a time.

SA sponsored buses to both St. Margaret Mary's and the
McKnownvilic Fire llousc iter year to enable students to
get out to the polls. According to Corso. similar action will
be employed this November.

"The \Ittdcnt vote is still important." Corso emphasized.

He said that SA. with other student groups. intend to
bolster NllllIL‘tll tmti ottt ut tltc puliy this year.

As lor the final court decision made yesterday. Coiso
said he is tIIsttppttillit‘tl. “\\'c hurl tltc right (to get a polling
place oti t'illll|1Il\)tllI(I nc did not get it. idtr not agree \yitlr
tltc (lut‘isittth til it" of the courts."

“litrl‘ortnnutcly." (oiso cotttimtcd."l|tcrc is nothing
else no can do" Int lIil\ ycnt.

('otso docs plan to Iollon Misltlcr'y rtdticc mid l'ilc
ttttotirct tctincst lot an on cttttrptis polling plucc \cty “)0”
after lIIL‘ I‘M! ccuctttl clcctnttts.

Ncitltci .\|lt.rn\ (omrty iioard til llcction» ('otntniy-
\IIIIIL'I Ruttrronrl t. kinlcy or Albany ('orrrmott tournil
l‘icsidcnt Iltotnrts \l. \\lt;ilcit Ill could bc icnchctl for
L'Itlltlilclll.

DOB freeze lift allows SUNY to fill vacancies

Iiy Deb I’rol'elu
III/Ittlr’l ll l\\I\I l\l

'I'lrc L'IIJIIi-IlltiilIIl long lutiriyt l‘tcc/c int»
prrycrl on tltc SUNY system by tltc Stritc
Division of Ihrdgct (tron) IIIIH bccn ctnrtli-
tiotrnlly Iiftctl .is of October I5.

SUNY \yill tron bc pcttrrittcd to fill
\arctttctl positions iir its \)\|t.'|ll.

IS full tunc campus nidc positions ctrtr
non be lilch to rcuclt thc 2.0% tit.i\itrrtttrr.
according to Illliu‘l‘rlly' Ditcctor ol' l-'rtrrin-
cirrl hltrttttgcnrcnt (icin- (iilclttist. It must be
decided whcic tlicsc ptlsllitlth are needed
must. lie said.

Ncrcrthclcss. compared to five years ago.
“the university slttrtcd tltc fiscal
year . . . with .100 lcss positions (while) the
work load III Instruction. adnrinisltritiotr
turd public services IIII\L‘ all increased." Irc
said.

SUNY Vice Chancellor for I‘IIIIIIIL‘L‘ and

 

J ‘-\.|\ marblc to ttrcci Ilrc noil loud timing tltc
ltr'r-uc.” he and. “All positions. not just
.lyrItIlJIIIlLv haw br-cti .rtlcctr-rl .tttd .nc titrdct
I.'\II|\IItI \‘llli‘ItHllIL‘IIl inlcs." ('.t|homr
~pr'rrlit.rll\ mr-trtiotrcd .in IIILIL'IINL‘tI
workload Ill r-tcty otlicc .ttttl II tctlttcctl
riI'IIt|\ to prrn rdr ~.ci\tcc~ III latching nit-us.

tun rlitcrt cllcct oi tltc itcc/c um .'I
lktIlIL‘IltiII m \l‘NYA ltbirrty Iltlllis. Accor-
«innI to Ditct'tot ot Iibttuics. loscph /..
\itcrki. "IIIL‘It' is tituclr lc“ lrclp tltctr
itr-crlcrl to m.nnt.rin the library. \\ith xttitc
.nni tcrlcral trcc/c at tltc beginning ot tltc
Nt'lllt'slt't. nc Irtnc l)00 hours (pct neck) ol
work-doth to“ rlnttt lust ycnr ." this ycar.
tltc library has cut its hours to (r.le put
I lltIrl)\ and 5:00 ptrr Saturdays.

Nitccki added. "()I' roughly 150 Iltll‘
Iirttc, 24 lull»tiiitc cttiploycc lines are
rucutcrl non."

"\\‘c may not bc able to go back to tile

 

 

Business ilzirty Spitrtllcr \ttitl. “joer arc go-
itrg to be left \acutrl. bttl cycry campus will .

 
  

Director of Libra

aph Z. N eckl

JIM VALENTINO UPS

 

hours nc Irtid one year ago." said Nitccki.
"but nc ~|ronlt| do nitrclr bcltci lIItllI nitrrt

 

 

conceded that they wanted the I’ttlcstittiztth will “‘
Lebanon.

Sharon said the Israelis invaded \Vcsl llciint c.tlI)' I‘ll
Sept. l5 to prevent Palestinian guerrillas troin cxl‘l“i'l”~“
the chaos resulting from the rntirdcr of l’rrwirlcnt-clccl
Bashir Gemayel.

.
Republicans endorse Cuomo

Nun York
(AP) Thirty-four progressive and moderate chtthlit'ﬂ'IS
endorsed Democrat Mario Cuomo Monday. stil’lnb’ “1"”
conservative Lewis Lehrman was spending “a kins”) “m‘
son" to take over the party.

“Lew Lehrman seeks to buy what Mario (‘IIUHIU "1‘5
earned," they said.

They said at a news conference lhttl
businessman Lehrman was "woefully lacking
PCFIL‘HCC" in government and that Cuomo was tltc man who
could best get the state’s economy moving again.

He said. “The economic theories |)I()])t)tl|ltIL‘tI In \lt.
Lehrman will n0t work.“ A former prosecutor nlro uthtr’il-
Iy scirt murders to tire electric chair. he also strid tltc rIt'IllII
Penalty. a major part of Lehrman's platform. “r, inil IltL'
right approach" to fighting crime.

The GOPers backing Cuomo said. “Whilr- Lit-h
largely irrelevant iit this day and rrgc. we're ptotttl r 1 MIX”
the Republican Party once stood for itt Ilrc sum
was taken over by the conservative wing of out 11-" l.“ “Wh
ttow offers Mr. Lehrman as out ‘ot'ficial' strrrrdrrntlu-rrrct

tinlliotutitt‘
Ill ct-

iIiL'

,mlott'il

be affected difl'crctrtly.‘ ,

The DOB said that rrrotrtlrly reports
showing payroll urnomrts must be submit-
ted to tire l)()li to ensure that the accurate
nttrrrbcr of ctirployccs catch school is hiring
is maintained.

“Tire payroll is the only way to get a full
couirt of Irow many ctnployccs we have
since the turnover rate is so high." said
Spindlcr.

 

Not .run- lhe lifter] _ cage trill

 

When the t'rcclc nus itlslilttlctl. tltc
l‘inancial Management Office had to
receive permission from tltc I)()ii ltcl'mc
filling a position. said (iilcltrisl. Ilc c\p|rtin—
cd that it“ bril l5 oi 75l positions ncrc I'i|I~
cd. bttt added that “We noiiltl hayc lillcd
nrorc faculty positions had the l'rcc/c trol
been instituted."

. ore library lmurr.

(iilcltrist said tltc I'tcc/c bccairtc effective
February 25. Wit?! and nill contitmc ttnlil
ccrtuin tcclttricui conditions or tltc |)()ll arc
trrct.

“ l‘lrc l'tcc/c ul'lct'tctl tltc ability to hire
people to do the nork.“ trotctl SUNiA
Director of l’crsotrncl. Icon .i. ('zrlltomr.
“This put Itztrtlslripy on tltc mriycrsily'. it

nc hare tron." Nitccki nits cspccirtlly con-
cctttcd \\illl Initial) and Saturday cycnitrg
hours. tno tirncs be particularly nutrts to
C\It‘lltI.

.-\| this point. proyisions IIIL' not made for
c\tcnditrg tltc hours Dccctnbcr 15-12.
finals neck. Nilccki maintained. "Ihc
hours nill dcpcrrtl on tltc additional itpr
piotrriscd. it" nc gct it and iron much."

UUP nearing ratification of three-year contract

By Karen Pirozzi
The votes needed to ratify the UUP
(United University Professions) tentative
three year contract are due to be coutrtcd
Novctrrbcr I. and tire contract should be
formally signed about a week later. accor-
ding to Tim Reilly. chief negotiator for
UUP. and associate English Professor at
SUNYA.

Although tltc ratified contract must be

passed by the State Legislature \vhcir rt
rcadjonrns after Election Day. Reilly says
this is only a formality. its tltc contract has
already been assured passage by static
negotiators. The new contract will go itrto
effect immediately upon ratification with
the nine percent first your salary raise
retroactive to July I. 1982.

Tltc UUP represents about 17.000 piofcs-
sioirrtls on tltc 32 SUNY campuses across
tltc state. All professionals crirploycd by

SUNY. including IlLI\I\ttI‘\ and It'\ltIL'l|L'C
hull stril'l' llIL'lItl)CI'\. as hell as illoyc nlro ric-
Imrliy Icuclr. rttc rcprcxcntcd.

li\cn though the results arc not in. Rcilly'
said ltc bclicvcs tltc contract will be passed.

“ch. Dcl'initcly. I think it's a contract
that (IL‘IIIC\L‘\ many of tire things the
trtcttrlrcrship lrus \tlitl they trccd.“

'l'lrcr'c Iltls bccir no complication causing
the actual dutcs of ratification to bc IIllL‘t
than first projcctcd. suitl Reilly. It nits

simply it lliilllct‘ of mechanics. gclting
ballots ottI tilltlylhillg\'0lUI\tIIli|’1IUIltlltlt)
tcttnn thctn. he added.

About 70 percent of those UUP
rcprcscnts zuc card-curryirtg members and
lime tltc tight to mm on this contract.
Voting is lrcing lrundlcd by tltc American
Arbitration Association. an indcpcndutrt
group III Ncn York City.

Tun itc\\ l'cuturcs contained in tire coir—

5D

 

 

 

 

 

0*

 

NO ONE DEFIES
CLASSIFICATION
WITH ASP
CLASSIFIEDS

 

 

 

 

Mt. Grove Wines 4 Lil. $4.95
Leeds Gin & Vodka :4"- $4.69

Lambrusco

WE EMPLOY SUNY STUDENTS

GANDER’S LIQUOR STORE

$6 (BUY RITE)

{HS Cr'ltlrtl Avr-
Albany. N Y
l‘ItiIi-7trltr

aIZ- $7.99
1.5 LII. $2.90

PARTIES

 

 

“ANTED

 

,o
4
4’1,“

Smart

 

 

Bearer of this document is entitled a

l0% DISCOUNT

on any sweater on display at

DARLING’S

109 State Street. Albany I2207 O 463~83l0
2 Church doors up from the Hilton
0 THE SWEATER CAPITAL ON CAPITOL HILL 0

Shoppers

 

 

 

 

 

 

mm». “Na..- -. —.

s~,~:-«.,-§._ , I .
............_.g .. . 4

 

Am____ r



 

 

