 

rmﬁmimmunun as h—a—rw— .

 

r Wrestle;

r._. ,c_7.i

 Letters. Vievvprim

 

 

 

    
  

Better Left Unlabeled

What’s In A Name?

 

 

 

Breach of Contract

To the Editor:
This past Wednesday the Pre-Heaith

 

District Health Fair. The Society decided to
use the ASP as the chief way of notifying

 

Professionals Society sponsored a Capital _

  

say anything humorous about us even it' it's
obviously only in fun. That is why I (tilt
organizing some 75 accountants to form the
Nerd World Correlation to protest litcse
slurs. »

This is a warning. The next time anyone.
anywhere pokes fun at accounting majors,
we are going to storm their horue. cirltrclt.

 

 

for the Student Escort Patrol. Last year.
Brian Levy's work created the lixperimen-
tal College. Other than forty hours a week
that Woody Popper devoted to the sorrnd
and light systems (iii events) and basic

bookkeeping—What the hell did Woody

Popper ever do?
In his role as Vice President he served on

I ltopc l will be able to do the best job
possible on next year's Central Council.
Once again. thank you Alumni!

—Rlch Schaffer
Central Council Member
Alumni Quad

 

A Lesson to Learn

 

 

 
          
   

 
 

   
     

mpioyment'and tenure decisions concerning professors may seem like very dry
issues, butrthey raise some very important questions.

The most important question in the university's failure to renew Yu-Shili

Chen's contract is why? Chen overwhelmingly has the support ofstudcnts in the Chinese

x; 3 Pamela Fndkln the Albany Community to the fair. We or office and not let them out. ()ktiy . ' . . . - - * ‘
I.“ . w H h I b I I h placed a quarter page ad “Deming i. .0 ap_ maybe we.“ let [hem om. bl” no! hack in'  {UA5 [50?de TJUSICLT Hp debuts was Studies program. Her credentials are impeccable. and the administration does not deny
.. . ca avca ac, ' ' . . . . ' taOI' an abut ant Wren ll c‘ime ‘ - "- N s » u - ‘ . .
'“ form of a name or a sylmrlri‘ogi 18:00:: (lrhc awn-icy Where 5% mutter]l ormmc Who can pear m Tucs‘iay'SASP I To our horror' we we're mm 30mg to demand an mom” i” down ryo work Woody did lltlllL As iicad Tti the Fdltor  Ddan’ oi iii’tn'anmcs and rum Am 10h" Sdmmakcr on“ pmdmmw h“ d“
.i . , ur o. r 5 no won er t ere is so much sclf- d' ' ‘ ‘ ' ' “ ' H ‘ z “‘3‘ cm" '3“ r '
. . . - ~ ~ s'ovcr that the SP did not a car on nnt and if we re r I . . . . . _ . , . . . .1
E. chest or on our ass. I. mlghl he on the up of resignuﬁom We do"... as a people. vow. C;[;pm ﬁquanmy 3m” wcdncsdg’ mom pmami mm on [he 6czlcio'::dn-C\Tfyi]‘fh'1? of the Banking Services ( onimrttcc he nuss- i am writing in regard to racism at the Why does that same dean now send her a letter telling her that she‘ll need another hit
it Eur tongue. On the tip...tlie tongue? Sure. and then we assume it isour duty to com- ing and the ad itself was totally messed up right we mean business We're. iir til i Cd two 0' [he “m “we mcmngs' wc WM ASP. snide!“ "cmmpm have a [radium] in Augum we don't know.
.' ccausc we are so uicklolabctcvcr min ‘ ~ . . ‘ ‘ " ' . ' _ .  L" " ou would have -oue row \\"I' mouths of trblisliin' Airil I-‘ools l) ' 'di "i ‘ ' ’- ' ' 'r v ' . s t ~ v I r
I And b r  y g plum when n" aha“! PS I? a shamhlcs‘ The" Because arms may sludcms wcr‘c unaware mums!qu so Just much mill W mm“  g y .y  ‘ I g It I ' riy c tit ns and The administration does not goe rcasons lor non renewal of contracts. They do \d\
‘ ccausc o [. ls we arc cage,- to label [here .5 "Imus pclmonmg' mm, wriling' of [he fair and [he mmom was poor As a have a sense of humor sooner. . one element of the tradition seems to be however. that this decrsioii was based on w but they percieved as “interpersonal and int
y ourselves} neurotic; overaehiever: liberal: rallying. boycotting and volunteering our result the exhibitors (some having ﬂown J -A Addmonuny' no mhcr SA “mm m pnmmg mm“ mm aim [or humor minmmlivc dirric‘mics’” WhiCh means mm "my diam “a ulnng'
IV commumsl. Even religion and race have mm: and services. we have resources we OQCMHhouwﬁd miles“; attend)“,va "my _ I Ior. rilneo memory, lcft SA in ii lurch. because be through the use of racial slurs. llaviug been It seems odd that a college dean glowitrg speaks of a department head. then fails. rt
i become labels' Now' I'm no! so sure me“ "over homer '0 ‘39- “UV” ""9" would never again 'ittcud another SUNYA ‘ 0" / “(mu/run wasn't smart enough to carry another three a student or staff member at several other renew her contract. There is little rational basis for the decision.
9 , - ‘ U _ ‘.‘ ‘* ~-s' ‘.‘t.4s r...‘ - --. ,r... '. .- ' - - - s t
r' labels are “uh “ gm“ "ica‘ TI‘W'V“ a‘knmﬂcdgc- Rather. WL‘ acquiesce to “cum. Fm. Licdrts ol basic basket wcatmg (or Mus Ltiilcgcs I ith. seen this annual presentation The whole situation stinks. An excellent ptotcssor's contract is not renewed by an ilti
‘ " u'v v s. ". .- r " ’r“ . '. -‘ - - v r - . . '
.3 buomc so CilLilC'lilky \e lost all substance political advclnscmcnts and mm...“ a labcL The Alhmw Sim/em PM“ is a comma.  ’83 Will- I 0' "MN" "MW lltttu- ministration with personal tics toa competing professor. the dean controlling tlicdcprur
l. “lid Wi‘C" ﬂDPi't-‘d comm" SICTL‘OUPL‘S i'l" "er "f [Tying '0 timid ittbcling my “on .md m  cor nmiml'lil hum mm” lite cusc we've tried to state is simply I was disappointed to lcruu that SUNYA merit vticilltttcs between supporting l)r. (‘hen and cunning her.
1'. “‘ilmc "and"! Lt. In lilt‘ iC‘lSl. SUSI‘K‘CL 50 Pt’iiiis‘ﬁ- I'm [5er 0i. “infl’oniing I’L‘OPIL‘ um i. [He-1:] “Mr. [i 1 l, H . I ., ‘I, -. that Woody l’opper has no grounds to com students are not uboie this cheap type of The case is now before gricvr ice bodies. llopelulh the university‘s upp -:r| boards ilit.
gr quick are we to rise Ihcsc catch-ails that we “1mm...” own mmﬁmd lvm "-er m-pmplc ‘ I " _‘ L“ '0' f If pfj‘m ' H ‘ pluiri about anyone, cspcciully loii l’cppc litrmor. The specific content of the April more friir and objecthc than the administration is
’ imt‘ tiighl 0" the individual Our t - I f it - ' - . a ‘ contracts with. The paper s priorities are lo the luditor: .l I. , . , . - - I. I - . t | . -, . . '
3 . . r . it its or w to. utter coutrontrng themselves. say “i totally wwwcd .. , d . .y . I f A; .91...” . .1...“ . .l  I “ l” "'5 “PU” lhls‘t‘ long years working tor ms mm of I Is AM has been addressed
.ibsolute knowledge and inirtt-lcmmtmg has a." pmvmkm .0 than“. i. m l (10".. mink U I.’ ‘ | ,. p ‘m. "1 mu“ "Lu n ‘ L, y ‘ LL L “H” “mpmp L “I the betterment ot students. rind had to pick by others ’lllti I will not get itito much detail
rcu igniucnt. Ilie editors should spend Telethon 83. we littvc already begun lit up "n.3,- hp mu.“ here. Sri c it Ittsttv than the use of ccrt'rin

  

 

A thMV¢-—\Mu. w... ,.. g

‘c-ff‘ n

.
V’ faculty would treat the othc ~' ' - 4

beings Thus H d ,-.. “(k “8 humm (iretit llrrtani would lirivc encouraged tiurttrty by displaying insensitivity to issues

_. icy eiiscd HAP. the \t‘cL-k . _ I H g. I ,. I, t . (PM I. I  g“. 1 “HI onmhcnliwq Ednmmpwu 5.1m...“ anhLevine

that studcmg would mm Wm] run-N” luturenggrcssron against t itit IldllOll. IiLAl run rate d pit ourit L cc . .. CopyEdnor g I ‘ ~ g g ” melmmsm‘umm

‘ . N .. . . . . . . V” ‘ H V“ . . . . . .  I
p ' lirrturtiwristlrusright intictingotiprinciple. is there nothing that takes prcccdcuct mcr Comnbmmuﬂm, r ’ ‘ I I . _ . V I H ‘ H . __ . V _‘ ‘_ I _ H ,_ _ _ Igusﬂnwhgan
Editorial Assistant: Mike Raltt, Stall wrltarl: Kristina Anderson. Felecia Berger. Ray Cnqumrn. Ken Cantor.

begun to tender us impotent in the face of

about it." Change is not sontctlririg which

 

‘

‘. . . I will not stand silently by
as my world consumes itself.”

 

complex rind challenging issues iii ti society
trying to grapple with the notion of poten-
tiai self-destruction.

Whether or not one‘s political beliefs can
be ascribed to a particular party or ideology
is not very important. really. What is im-
portant is taking the time to tliiuk about
our society. bothering to consider the many
political "solutions" to the so many pro-
blems. forming opinidns based on these
evaluations and acting on them. It‘s too
easy to publicize one's views with a label—a
button or a bumper sticker—without get-

ting involved in trying to alter the situation.
I'm not necessarily advocating radical (or
reactionary) activism—although if you're
into it. fine—but those (relatively) simple
actions which add up. To start—vote. In a

 

generally occurs overnight. if one expects
to see progressive change wherch all will
benefit and one expects to rcali/c those
benefits immediately. be or she will be sure-
ly disappointed. lint if one chooses to take
a passive role in onc‘s future he or she will
be lucky if that disappointment will even
register in their conscious thoughts after it
while. And yet, tired as I am. I cannot help
but feel that I must continue to do what I
am doing. Because I will not stand silently
by as my world consumes itself.

 

lfyou'd like, you may label me what you
will. If it will help you to read what We said
or aid in your consideration of my ideas. by
all means go ahead. Your label matters not
to me. I'd rather hear your beliefs.
r

AW’C MON ours ..

 

LETS ALL

.4

more tiriie worrying about pttttirig a paper
out on iilll‘ rind less time worrying about

 

political endorsements. How many times
are we the students expected to swallow the
ASP‘y overused excuse about equipment
br' 'ukdown‘.’ Tltc ASP should spend more
time cl 'uniiig tip its own shop and less time
attempting to manipulate the future of Stir-
tiertt Association rind other grotrps on crim-
pus.

-—l’riul Kastell
—Mieliriel Levinslein

 

We Mean Business

To the Editor:

As an accounting major. I have been
made the hrirnt of many jokes and
derogatory remarks here at SUNYA. In
past issues of the ASP, accounting majors
have been stcrotyped as calculator-carrying
nerds. i feel that this is an unjust prejudice
towards accounting majors by the ASP.
Just because we are a minority of students
on campus doesn't give anyone the right to

 

m
#—

 

 

 

work. SUNYA's Teictliori lriily is u _\c.’rr
round event.

The reason for this letter is to risk tor iiit
stridcnts’ help. During the nest \\L'L'i.. to
will be picking the stuff for Telethon ‘M,
There will b' tlll irifortiiutional met-tine itIl
anyone interested iti applying for stuit «in
itlchtlil)’ itiglit (tonight). April 27 iii Haiti ||I
LC l9. The route enthusiasm shown Iru lill
many available positions. tltc more t'tr
tlittsitism will be generated for 'l‘elcthorr ‘8 I!

Working on Telethon is one of the most
rewarding experiences we've ever had
Helping children in need while having trrri
arid making new friends gives us such .r
great feeling. We'd like you to be able to
share this feeling too. So come to iilt'
meeting tonight. April 27. at 8:30 pm. lll
LC I9 or pick up an application by Tim s-
day in CC 130. All applications due by It
pm. on Friday, April 30. I982. Thzink you.

-—l£iiecn Koriu
—Belsy Kwasinriu

Once is not Enough

To the Editor:

To celebrate the good weather the Stir
dent Association and some folks in ad-
ministration have organized “HAl"'—rlre
Human Awareness Program.

What is "HAP"? The iitlllltlll
Awareness Program was developed by sortie
people who tliotiglit it would be quite nice it
btit for one week of the year students and

 

and professors with students; the week we
could eat lunch together; the week we could
call each other colleagues; the day we could
be one big “HAP”-py family.
' Toni Lehrer wrote a song called “Nair
tronal Brotherhood Week'" which capttlt‘c~
the spirit of “All as none other could:
Well, the Hindus Irate the Afar/curs. «lttt/
t/re Mos/ems“ little the Hindus, the
Catholics Irate the Protestants. A ml
(’l’L‘U’OIIt’ hates the Jews. But on Nut/until
Brotherhood Wee/r. Ntl/fl)lltll ltrrrtlrerlrriur/
Week. National Brother/rum] ii’eelt'...
—Rlelnird Lerner

Popper Chopper

To the Editor:

We wonder if Wootiy Popper knows
what it‘s like to feel cold steel't We imagine
l.ori l’cppe docs. riftcr Woody stabbed her
in the back with his letter in Tuesday‘s ASI’
(April 20).

It is amazing to us that Woody I’oppcr is
COlllDlaining about the work of tin SA 0i-
ficer. Woody had to be the worst SA Vice
President we've ever seen. What major pro-
jects did Woody work on? Three years ago.
Km“)! Baron the SA VP at the time worked
for a Women’s Sexuality Resource Center.

 

1"‘TWdeav's'jis'or‘ Fred fBrcwlngton worked

w-s' .t.v...c.ct..A ..:... .. wit. . .. ,.

i‘illtlii) lct lls udd sortie of the l’oppcr
fiuscos; not giiiiig our on cards before clccr
lions; urging i)u\‘c I’oloi'e to pay iiirri met
three hundred dollars it week to he trssistunt
to the \’|'; and land) by making the
ruinrmrmr wage 11 political issue by ignoring
tirc will of tire icyisiutbc body. Woody . you
didn't Icutc soon enough.
—|’. Weinstock
—A. Weiiistock

 

Stand Your Ground

 

To the I‘Itiillll':

I wiin to strongly disagree with one of the
major implications of the column by A. A.
Ale tinder, titled “Rebel Without it Cause"
(ASP. April 16). The author implies that
since the Falkland islands are geographical-
ly closest to Argentina, that nation is
therefore entitled to rule the islands.

However, the coluriiti ignored tltc fact
that it was Argentina. and not (ircut llri-
Itlill. that invaded the Falkland Islands.
which have been aditiinistered by Great llri-
rain for nearly 150 years. Further. it seems
clear that tiic primary reason for the iiivrr-
shirt was that of bolstering the sagging
political appeal of the brutal and dictatorial
regime currently in power in Argentina.

I will conclude that, contrary to what A.
A. Alexander implies in the coluriiu, Great
Britain's actions were morally just. Since
we live in it world iii which bi irtuiity utid in-
justice still abound. it is likely that anything
other than ii firm response on the part of

 

—Chris‘tiaii .l. liilers

Alumni Appreciated

To the Editor:

l would like to take this opporltriiiry to
commend Student Association on a job well
done. Although there had been changes in
election irregularities concerning posters,
etc.. I feel that the elections coritmissiou
and Steve ’l‘opul did an excellent job on
Alumni Quad. 'l'irc turnout was a little
disappointing. but tlii in all I feel the elec—
tions were rttii in a fair tlllti lioriesl way.
That just goes to show you that the job can

 

be done!

As tin elected member of the next Central
Council. I would likc to trike this oppor-
ttttiity to thank each person who voted for
tiic in the elections on Alumni. A great deal
of hard work went into my campaign and i
think the energy was well spent. Special
thanks goes to Waterbury llail including
'l'ouy. Mitch. Steve. Chris. Craig. ’tui.
.loriune. Mike. Vinny and my entire section.
i think these people are well-deserving in
taking the credit for my election. They pro-
ved to me that apathy doesn't exist. rrt least
iti my ball. and I'm glad to see that there is
still involycrncttt in Student Association:

words llIlLi images by the .ItSI’ shows that it
is impossible for wiiite people to fully
understand all of the connotations those
words evoke for non-white people. It is trio
easy in tux: for whites iii an institution such
as SUNYA to put the problem of racism
out of their minds. "that option is not
available to liitlcks rind other minorities
who are friccd ever y day with the sturk cou-
tinuing rctriily of racism.

life is complicated. Racism takes many-
for ms, not tltc least of which is insensitivity
to the scars left by centuries of racism and
exploitation. The ASP displayed this lack
of sctisitivily and was offensive to till
members of the university cotiimunity.

The First World (‘oalition responded to
the ASI".r racism by holding a sit-iii at the
ASP and by presenting several demands.
The nature of the demands indicates that
one objective of the sit—in was to educate
the university regarding some of the subtle
and not»so-subtlc examples of racism on
campus.

it is evident frotn the (April 23) issue of
the A SP that the ASP still does not unders-
ttuid their responsibility it? the student
hotly. which includes Black and other
minority students. The educational role of
the sit-iii failed. There are several examples
of this. The most blatant example is the ar-
ticlc titicc “ubc‘s” in Aspects. This article
presents it sarcastic account of the sit-iii
from the viewpoint of tilt ASP editorial
board rnctuber. The author. presumably
Andrew Carroll. although the article is irri-
sigtied, insults the entire tiuiversity com»

Andrew Carroll‘s appetite? Are the cori—
certis of Black students really analogous to
complaints by a hockey tetnii concerning
ASP coverage of intrumurtils'? These ques-
tions do not really need to be answered.

I will close with it l‘cw general thoughts. I
do not believe it to be possible for it white
person to grow up iii the U.S. and not to be
tainted with the poison of racism.
However. it is possible for whites to make a
commitment to struggle ttguinst racism
\\'iiilill themselves and in the society. This
comruitritent requires a willingness to listcti
to the concerns of non-whites and an
understanding that racism harms the entire
society, although clearly the iitost drastic
impact is on Blacks and other iiiirioiities. I
hope that the ASP i'ccogrii/cs thtit fighting
racism is an ongoing struggle and will tztkc
steps to ensure lilill there will not be :1
repeat of these iiiscusitiv- urticlcs.

—-Murk S. Misliler
SA Artur/rev

COLUMNIST!

Not communist, columnist! lf
. you‘ve got more than a lcttcr's'
worth to say, say it iii a column
See us up at CC 329

.

 

   
 

Two Sides

c'vc lcuinctl quite a lot about racism mm the p.rst tew rlrrys. rind we're not
ashamed to rtdtnil it. We erred in the April 3 parody rsstrc rind we think we'tc
learned from our mistakes.

We are fulfilling the terms ot our iii-recriicrn with the lirst \‘t‘orid ('oalrl‘rori. ()rir
coverage of tire occupation was fair. We sincerely upiiiogi/cd tor the e\ccsscs or the kick
issue. We're now looking forward to it time of cooperation with mirror it) ticti\ists to help
us meet our mutual gout of more minority participation in the ASI'.

We find it frustrating. however, to find the people we hope to work with unfairly ric~
cusing us of offenses than are not trite. Some leaders of the first World ('oulition claim
that racism is “endemic to ASP editorial policy." 'l‘hcy tire wrong. If those minority ac-
tivists look in the paper over the ptist y mi. they will find runny articles on on the concerns
of minority students. from coverage of the Springbok rally last semester to a piece a few
weeks ago on l‘uri-(‘arribenii Association's effort to bring Michticl Manly to this campus.

We‘re also frustrated by the bandwagon effect this issue has. Three weeks and a sit»in
after the fact. it seems that every administrator and campus official who finds a need to
score points with minority students makes clear I/lE/r position on our errors. Their opi-
nions are clear. but their sincerity is questionable.

We continue our commitments to minority iiivolverticnt and covering minority issues.
These commitments existed before the sit-iii last week. and were amplified by our discus-
sions with negotiators for the First World Coalition.

We hope that the spokespersons for the Coalition will be fair to us. and criticise its
where we're wrong. but not charge us with offenses we have not COIllltlillL‘d.

 

  

ASIIAINh
's t 'l )| MI

I -r U -.‘-.

   

Established In 1916
Dunn Bolt. Editor in Cnret
Wayne Furoboom. David Yhanhauur. Managing Editors

.  ... .. BethBririser
Mark Hammond. Teri Knptowttr

 ,  . .AndrewCarroll
David Brooks
. Mark Rossrot

. ..... Larry Karin
Mictiaetcarmen. Mark Gesnor

News Editor
Anoctlla News Editors
ASPocls Editor ...
AuoelataASPoctl Edltnr
Sound and Vision Edltor .
Sports Editor
Associate Sports Editors .. . ..

 
    
 

 

 

   

 

      

 

 

Dlvon, I‘toli Edetsletn. Bill Fischer. Ront Ginsberg, Bethany Golds

Hiibort~Kennetti Dickey. Mlchaot Dinowttr. Jlni
prion Intent. Dehtirn Judge. Mitch Kottlar. Craig

torn. Keri Gordon. Steve Gossott. Larry Hackol. Malt: Haspet. Ste
Marks. Jon Mites. Dobbin Mitlmun. John Moran. Carol Newhouso. Madeline Pascucci. Srnvnii Pepper. Liz Reich.
Barbara Fltsatvato. Robert Schneider. Marc Sctiwarr. Lisa Strain. Larry Wetssnian, Slatt artists: Bob Bugboe,
Steven Laban. Spectrum and Events Editor: Botsy Camptst. Zodiac and Ptuvlaw Editor: Lisa Strain. Stall
Emnrttuu: Bob Bellnttoru. Laura Ftorantino. Frank J Git. Strivun A Gtoenberg. lion E. Gttibllh’ln. Sylvia Saunders.

Beth Semi. Joanna Wclnor.

Bunnie Stovanl. Busrness Manager
Janet Drultuss. Advortrsrng Manager
John Trotano. Stiles Mnnngnt

Billing Accountants
Payroll Supervisor . . . . ..
Olilco Coordinator .....
Clnsulllad Manager ..
Composition Manager. .. . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . ..
Advonlllng Salas: Andrew Horn, Debbie iiii)ﬂSl. Mindy Scnttlui
Giaeola. Advortlslnn Production: Ront Ginsberg, Mindy Horowttr.
Janet Guilt. Patrtcla Hmnmtrr. Alice McDorntott. Judy Torol

I V ' I I I U .Atlenr KJltowrt:
. . ...Inn.i.tur Block
,...Matio Gttrbtinno

.. . . . .. . .. MettssaWasseirnaii
an. Advertising Production Manager: Dianne
Stiirau t’tiartman. Elalno Russell. Otllcn St-tl:

..Horiy Diode-.Judy [1 Same. Karen Sarnoti

   

  

Jack Durschlnu. Production Manager
Ann Koch. Associate Production Manager
.... . Crittno Ryan
. .  .. ..Btt|l30nltla
to. Tina Boutn. Carol Bury. Mary Duggun.
vn. September Klein. Saratyn Levine. Ziirt

chlal Typosottur . . . . . . . . .. . , ..... .
VnrttcnICnrmra .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .. .. .. .

Pasta-up: Lori Cortitrri. Cartn Strict, Typlnll: Joyce Balk, Lynda Banvurui
Eltzabutti Hoynian. Vunirila ltutuu. Mario Garhartno. Joanne Guttderstoe
Sinhl. Linda Tlilll

 

. ‘ Supp/led principally by University Photo Servrco

Chloi Photographer: Marc Huiiscliol. UPS Stall: Dave Aritioi. Laura Uostlck. Alan Catorn. Kurt Chan. Amy Cohort.
Shorty Cotton. Davin Hanson. David Lupalalut. Lois Mattabonl. Alan Mantle. Suo Mtndlch. Mark Nelson. Stine
Stutiikiiriip. Warren Stout. Matty Walcoe. Gall Watson. Will Yittrnan

 

ﬂy and Friday during this school year by the Albany Student
ratlon. Editorials are written by the Editor In Chtot wtth
Editorial Board. Advaittslnn policy does not

The Albany Student Pious to published ovary Tuasd
Prusa Corporation. an Independent not-lor-prolli ootpo
members at the Eultortal Board; policy In subject to review by the
necaasatliy talloct editorial policy.

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

