  

 

 

page 6/March 2, 198? I

“f the people involved had tried just a
little bit harder. The Border might
have been a pretty good movie. Un-

fortunately, no one seemed to notice that the

script by Dertc Washburn and Walon Green

never developed any of the fairly interesting

premises as fully as it could have. As It

stands. the movie is not dreadful, ltjust slow-

ly rots away because of a series of missed op-
“ portunittes.

Mark Rossier '

Slowly is the operative word. because

 

what's worst about The Border Is that it's so '

damn boring. Forty minutes of action are
spread into one hundred with no plot or
character embellishments to assist in the
transition.’This is unfortunatefbecause the
small bit of plot we get is interesting,

A Texas border patrolman (Jack
Nicholson) feeling frustrated and lost in the
material world oi his shallow. but loving wife
(Valerie Perrine). becomes interested in a
Mexican woman whose hairy has ltL'L‘ll
stolen. He attenrpts to help her get her hairy
back and cross the border illegally, Aioiig thr-
way he runs into several corrupt (and over
drawn) fellow officers who make his life dil-
iicult.

‘ . Si’ECT

S
...onTuuda

' Close To The Edge 

   

As i ‘say this is not an uninteresting
premise, but no one ever really develops it.
The story lust plods along with an occas—
sionai chase scene or bit of violence to liven
up the proceedings. By the end we're as
worn out as the Mexicans who cross the
border and get taken back and cross again
and get sent back again. in fact for most of
the screen time this perverstoir of the com-
muter system is all we ever see.

Additionally. the characters and motiva-
tions are too vague to sustain it as a straight
character study. We are never told (either
explicitly or implicitly) why Nicholson is so
drawn to the girl or what he really thinks of
his wife as opposed to her lifestyle. l’urrine's
whole character Just exists as' an element ol
his life. but it's never clear how large or vital
an element. Most importantly. the issue of
the plight of the Mexicans is never touched
on. "Hwy are just bodies that get transported
from side to side, We got no sense of their
character. of what motivates them or Wliril
they're going to do if they rllt' successful in
their attempts.

What keeps things moving. however.
thr' r-xcr'plionril acting. lilptrllri Carrillo has

little to do beyond looking likc rrrr irlolr/r'rl,
martyrr'd il'tr'ltllﬂlilil. hut slrt‘ is able to
transmit a great deal of warmth and integrity

5

    

  

 

 

 

 

in her first performance.

Valerie Perrlne is great as the bimbo
Nicholson marries. Admitterilth bimbo '5 a
sexist term. but it is also the most accurate
one. Despite her sexy image. l’errine has
always been a talented actress. and it's her
ability that takes Marcie beyond the bimbo
stage. She gives her a real sense of purpose
as a woman who is trying to understand her
husband's problems. without realizing that
she is part of them. She is also able to give
the film all oi its rriucli needed humor.

As Charlie Smith. Nicholson Is in top
iorrir. but it's a shame he doesn't have more
to wrrrk with. lie makes clear Charlie's
frustration and (liss tisfaction. as well as his
somewhat contradictory moral code. but he
does all this on sheer intuition with no help
from the script. After a long ahscerice
Nicholson is returning to the forefront of
American actors: we can only hope he gets
better scripts in which to ricmonstrate his
t'lrlll.

'l'lrr: fact that The Border is such a bore is
unfortunate. not because oi the way it wastes
its r'rrnsiricirtiili' assets. but because it holds
ttsr'lf back just at lltt’ point when it begins to
gut interesting if thc authors irarl Charlie
Smith's sr'nsr' oi rrtlvciiluru. they probably
would iravrr created a much better movie. i l

  
   

 

 

Pi
. ‘X 4
"i L l
flown in llit' nicst 'lrmrs irrtiti nit

I’osri.’ .lrir'lr frills nr lr’lt'i‘ o ilfr . it... , .r
girl

Rat’s Entertainment, Part II

itcr seeing the (loud Rats pi'iiorni

l‘rirlriv iriglrl .it rill Scotts. i camr'

away with two major iriiprrrssions.
first. lilt‘ (iorrd Rats illt' unrecogrri/rriilc.
Aiii'r boasting tlrr- saiiw tiny-up lor at least
ii\’t' .rliirnns. ltl yr-ars rllltl thousands of put»
loriirrrrri'r's. tlrr' band has recently inruirI its
third pr'rsrrntrr-i clirrnrrc in two yr'ars. ‘l'lu'y
harm a new far-r-

Bob Edeistein

This leads ltl llit’ suronii llIrlllti nirprr-s
.siriri. ‘l'hr- ('iorrrl ifrrts .nr' rr’lrr-slrinri 'i'o illril
you can rltltl lllrll thr'y rrrr' rust as much irrrr
and humorously tasteless as over

Since the releasr- of their first. self-titled
album brick in thc mid-l‘ltrti‘s. tlic (iood
Rats have playcd in most cvr'iy New York
bar that has a stage. Wlivrr llll‘il succcss was

at its Iciiith. ilit' band would brr busy for at
least Bilil nights pct year. if you wont to high
school in this state during the l‘l7tl's. Ilicic's
a good chance that you‘ve at ll‘rl‘rl lit-.rrd iltt'
name.

For the true ("mod Rats lrlll
wriulri sec evr-ry local show and also spt'lttl

Ilirisr- who

hours looking through cirdlr's. bargain bins

.‘ We played in Albany a few
years back. The Talking
Heads opened for'us, and
look where they are now.

-Peppi archello

rm

for it lust-release crrpy of their second. and
probably best album. 'f'rrsty ~ the duparturr‘
oi bassist Li-riny Kotke. guitarist .lohri “tlrc
cat" (irrttri, and later guitarist MIt'lti‘t.‘ Mar
t‘lrr‘llrr must haw t'Ulilt' as a sad shock l:lll tr
band that has had so many ups and downs..
this might have .rppuair-d to in- the final
down

l’rni if airy band typifies tiw lllll' of lllt'ti
song "New York Survivor." it‘s the (loud
Rats l'lii' twrr rr-iiirriiiing rircriiirr-rs arc l’r'ppt
Mriit'lrciio V and Joy Frruico lllt‘ lr'ari
siirgci/soiigwiitci and drummr-r. i'r'spcctir'r'

 

Column A

Cathy's Wafﬂe Store

292 Lark Street In dowulown Albany
Breakfast and lunch: Tue - Fri 9:00
nan. to 2:30 p.m.

Sat 8: Sun 9:00 mm. to 3:00 p.m.
Dinner: Tue — Fri 5:30 to 9:00
Closed Mondays.

his restaurant of about 20 seats.
,with a decor one might describe as
austerity cum exuberance. tends to
take one by surprise;

Carol Newhouse

The regular breakfast—and luncheon
menu. which emphasizes whole wheat waf-
fles and variations. remains in a moderately
low price range: ironi $1.30 for a plalii waf-
fle through irult variations and waffle Sr'llt(l-
wiches to the “savoury waffle of the day" at
$2.95. Should none of these seem appeal»
ing. you will find the soup, salad and quiche
oi the day till comparably priced. Dinner
takes a conspicuously Mexican turn with bur-
ritos. Chile and iiuevrrs rancheros added to

 

    
   
  

 

  

  

"train 1... mp. .r, n moi. r. Irnm-Ii

 

an abbreviated sr'lr'ctirrir of (‘atth Iiirrli'
typical items. All dinncr critrws arc priccd .rt
or below .‘lihtltl.

Confronted with these prisstiriililt's .rt lrm
clicori. tiw SpilllSt' and I selected two
rcprescntritivc samples: (Trinir-d (‘hcr'sr-
Wrrfllr- Sandwich Illltl Australian (‘nn'u-d
i-‘ruit Wallic. both .s'pccirrls at $2 7.“: [by cur
ricd cheese. a combination rrf cheddar and
cr'criiii checsc. was totally lt\’\'l'\\’lit'llllt'tl by
the extras: it was actually it lcttucv.
lie-irisprriut and tomato sandwich The cut-
ried fruit wrrflle was topped by an .issr’rtrvc
hot compote including piircapplc. rrrisms.
sweet peppers and onions with a pronrrrnrc
r-rl curry powder flavor. it was ncrthci' or
ccssivyly hot nor spicy. The compote would
make a very successful addition as the con
trast element of ti main couisc: illitllt‘ on a
waffle. it might be a little too much oi a good
thing. ' l

Cathy's hrrmchriked dcsscrls are
presented as blackboard items. They seem to
he the sorts oi desserts one could. given the
time and inclination. prepare at Ironic, Wu
opted for the Cheesecake and a French Al

 

    

iv With the incredibly talented Fraticrr as
backup. thr.I ltr‘its now include the talents oi
guitarists (‘rcorgc 'l‘ehhitt .inri liriicr’ KltliL‘lt
and bassist Schuyler Deale. They haven't
gottr'n that “next big break" lrul they still play
ovr'r 20” nights a year. They are, as always.
suiyivnrg.

According to the remaining Marciiello
lri'trlliirl. band members felt for various
rr'asrriis Kotkr- now handles the band's
\tllllltl board \ylrilc Mickey Mrirr'hr'llo went to-
thumb a more tau-oriented coir-cl l’yppi

it't s that his iriotlici‘s in” preference shifted

" Where Wafﬂes?

nrrirrrl ('iror'olrrtc (Tairr'. tirr' twrr iiirist r'xpr-ri-
.sivi' rtr-ms at $1.45 car h The cliucsccrrirr'
was unusual: similar in ti-xtuir- to .r corivcrr
Iional inky. vcry light and with a lemon
flrl\|)l which was its priinrrtnrccrl its tiir'
chr'r'si' 'l'hr' cirrrt'rrlrrtc color was a single.
rlr'irsr- lilUl‘l lrrcr-d wrlir ground almonds and
ltr'pi irrrtti br-rrig iritolr'rirlrly rich by Its lack oi
swcr-tnriss It was pr'rfi'ctly complemented by
a rich. solid t'iittt‘ttlrtlt' icing I

'l‘hc scivrcc was cfficir'nt if uricoirvcn»
tioiirri. liach item was |)tt'$t’llit'il promptly
and piping hot 7 - cvcn ill the rrrrpcns'c oi sci-
ving all people at onc lilllll‘ srmuitaucously.
()rn coffee cups were refilled as often an we
could wtslr with a beverage that was tict‘ci
Icss than sir-timing The sum s themsleves
wunu wcll. a bit "off tluI wall " l'hcit clrccty
sharpness let our. know in a llit‘t.’ that as fit-I
as they were concerned. you could take 'cm
or leave ‘cm as they were

 

(.tiltsltir‘tliiu iorid quality. prompt service

and the price at Cathy's. I'll take 'enr. thank
you. ' "

  
 

1
i.‘

 

    
 

his own conception of tiw i-
turned that soinr'iiinr's iii' ‘- r to
in ii rr'rtriin way in trtrlr‘l tr
nirrinburs oi thr- hrrnd
’l‘lir‘ougli it all. llttH'i‘Vr‘l i‘ r '1 r

 

Wits and is lltt‘ lr'rrrirrr rrl i
irrllrr'i oi ilit' (itrrni Rah \' I
forming with tho lllit’t' tii‘-‘

of the band givr's rrlti‘ lltI'

frii' rrs tho lrilit‘l ilt“-t’tl}rli ‘
Mrirr'lir'llo lfltll(\ tiu' prrrl .r\l i'
his lrcr’nrl. his vocals warns? ‘
oi the numbers and lil~ rrr’ i-

cut above llttrltst' liut rt's nl.‘ .

t'liitig MrIt'l‘lir'llo llri\’t' ltrtr on t.: »

r'lll thcsr- years. it is l'VItlt'ill liirtl  a i“
the Ltitllsvillt' Slugger gint.n till.ii tit ‘ ‘i
in conversation. Marrhr-llo til pit
part of lllL' bitter r'lub [)i‘illittilr‘l i 1w. ‘
rlicatirrns of optimism for llli’ ililiitr Ir. r'
rilli“ ll

 

W00” lilillL’lllN' rinll‘ ININI \tir t r‘».

statements such as. "Wu plar. no .\l' or i i
few Wars back. The Talking i hair» rpm ‘

up for its. and look wlii‘ti‘ tlrr'r do with
(ll.
pcctiiig .r summer iL’lt’J’rt’ rlrtlr in:

presently looking for what llir" t X" ‘ i

’ussud the bands li'ittriitlilii .rliinn

   

a major irlltt'l.

'i‘hri irrmd did two sot». rm Ir ‘-
iiiovirig through it plmsrrnt tti.
riiatr-irai (such .is “Mair on tlrr‘ in
old f.r\'rrtiti's l"l'rir'|r.rli l‘|'it '
my Music. "Vll‘lirIL' Ill ‘itrrii- 1‘ 1‘"
pr'ilrririrr'il \lll])il‘st’\ i”l Iriiiii r' '

.1!

typical t'iornl itrrts irriylrrm-l r iii' l3-
Iilrllr'tiril \l‘l‘lllt'tl In by l.rr r'rl r' ‘l‘r "-
trii'k itrllur-rrr'r' lllill fVirtliln‘ibi ‘ rl‘ii‘
bcr-ii striving for And rllii‘i dint
titr' old band itltt llnuttrilr fill our 

ir.ii‘I

 

lt'iltl prittcins found on II‘r not ‘i
llt'ill llll' i\'rilu’k lclrlritt iillr'tiitr ' iit'
snow of lltt' staridrrrds

in tho past. l’r-ppr Muir brill-i bi
soirrc sr-irons, aritrrbrorirapirir .ii liliit

trim

rncnting on such subu-r is .r r In ilit"il"l| "ll

 

lV. tlilt' it) dry four for in». mph. and iir'rsi lr-t
irilm‘. iii "Songwritr'r" t"/\nr| .rli b.‘ . vk~ oi
Vii“ b to put hrs ltrliltt‘ III irriirl ‘.' in i'
l“'l"'ltir~"i and his lt‘c'ltlirts itiu‘rrlrl lhi‘ irri
irusincss oi ir'crnil t'trlitihiltlr'» ill 'l'r'itr “it

("Well i swear I'd Irtlllt't rir-an tin nitric-“t”
iliL' loo than to t‘lldiltll' i|i| ‘rtillii‘ 'HI “‘“l
thn itsltt'il about his prr'si'irl lli-il“| iilll'l‘l"
.sirrtr of lift‘ and thy (lttttil h'ai Mairlir'liy
lillltlllt'tl rniri srilrl lllrll ltr' lirl n'l l\|lili'|i .im
.rutoirirrgirrpincai sirtttis irlli'll itor lit» rrl
llittrlt' in r‘ssr'ttiirrllif liti' "ltillt‘ (\ib‘i ‘u'ﬂlli
bouts with lrIIlL' lurir Mao irr‘ilir .rrirhvt‘
older and wiscr. a man who rlill u.rii.- up i"
ll“? Itilt‘ttiphoric and u'i'lllv to Mt it it'l“
wth years .‘rgo "Murirt .r. unit tit-r it...l. In
rrwinnsic'

 

   
 

 

 

Life  Death'of a Statesman: ‘

You get your/readom by letting your enemy
know that you'll do anything to get your
freedom; litt’tl you'll get it.

— Malcolm X

rrt only must blacks learn about the

powerful example of Malcolm X.

but they must learn to appreciate
the common bond they all hold with thy Slnlli
leader: his African ancestry. This was the
mcs‘snge that lilrimbc Broth. an African Iii»
tcr'natirrrral activist. elaborated on in a .spcccli
at the Albany Public Library Friday evening
His hour and a half talk c-iicrriripasscd
Malcolm X's role in black politics and the
history of the Pan-African movement Since it
began with Marcus Garvey at the beginning
of this centi ‘

  

 

lilrirribri llirith. who has irr'cir involved in
thy l'.m Aiiirnir I(’\ttll|lltlllitlU rirrrw irir
i\\‘r'ltl\.' ltr'r' ycats.
]lit‘iltilliillrllt.'l\’ him it itttillt'lil‘t' how Molr'rrlin

t’xlildlitc‘rl to .r

X llt’ill llrr' I'iirl rrl lirs lllt’. i~.'.iritr'rl to r tt'.iii' .i
llllllr‘rl itrrrit rrl illl blanks rr-rtrirrili-ss iii lllt’ll
it'litiltrii llii- rlliir'lt'ii from in t‘rlllii‘l r'iirrrt»~
trrrnrininxc .r Muslim illi|\i‘lll|‘lll " i flt‘ lllrrr it
Muslims rhrln't sr'i' Alrir‘a tin tlrr- lirrnw of
irlirrlr. [)I'tt]!it' Molrrrlin trillit’ lri truth/c that
\w'rr' rlll riltr' pcoplr' All lilrri‘ks .rrc Ahu .rrrs
rtr‘lts tr)

whi'ir'ir'i iltr’t.‘ rtlt' He wanted ir
ilt'\t’lrr[l .rrr [\fiit’rlti consciritisrn'A-s." Iliatli
said l’ii-scntly, Hindi is ('liaiiinrin of tin-
i’rrtrir r' l.nmumba ('rrrilttirin. .i IL‘\‘Ullll|ll|irlli‘
Airrrnri lrrtr'rnrrtirinalrst group lourrdr'd on
Nov ll. l‘l'lh. llit' sonic llAllL' iltr‘ ilitlt'Itt‘tl
rit'nt i‘rrrrplrl's licptiiiiir oi Angolrr was ltrtttl
\lll

l‘lu' stririli firirnrid llirrtli. wlirr is con
sirlcir'ri into (if llll' most knowledgeable

orlrl War ll was this country's last

scgicgrrtcd win: siiicc l‘I/lts' black

and while srrlriicrs have sir-ircd

the right to ll\'t‘ .rrrd tlit' lint tlrr- issrics mist-d

in (.‘iirrilr's lrtlilt’l‘N sttpcrb A Solrltr'r".s l‘lrir'

issues of lrrluirirrcc'. sr'li hatrcrl. IrlL'lrli
hypocrisy rr'inriin cogent today

Andrew Carroll

New York City's iamcd Nr-grrr linsomblr-
(‘rimpany brought their tieiiiendrinsly suc
cessiul off Biohdway production to lltl' iigg
Saturday niglit. and showed wiry lllt‘ corri-
parry and Fuller continue to grow in stature
on the American stagc Coming on the
heels of his Obie Award~wirnnng Zoonrt-n
and the Sign. A Sr-rlrlicr's Play is serious. fun»
iiy. tragic and outiagcously theatrical

Set in a Louisiana Army base in 103‘),
Soldier's l’luy concerns iiiL' shooting of ii
black scigcrrnt and the sttlrsuttuytrt rim-stiga»
tion of his death. Fuller uses a conventional
setting of military courtroom and llll' coir
ventionril plot technique oi IIrllli|l|\‘t'
flashback for highly uriconwntiriirrri r-tir'ri
Muiiiirers rii ihr' till-block sanitation criiirpairv
.it thc t‘t'tllt‘l (ii llit‘ action rlll' r‘rrlli'rl to raw
by tillt' and ll'\‘t'rii layci lri.‘ form not only

 

 

EVENTS

 

irr list on r'r‘r'rrt. it lift ill tilff its til i 'iit' ttflltt‘

«\Sl‘

Joe Egg .

'l'lri' l.llt|rltr' Strrtr' i’r'rirrrinnig Aits ( t'lllt't
\vtll r tlitr irrdr- Its ilil/l Sr'iics with iihir's stirgci
.lor' Williams on i rtrl.rr.. March .‘r .rt H p in
ilc was winin-r oi lltt‘ l)t7\\'llll|'rll t‘tittr‘s l’oli
for top sirrgr'r III l‘l'l'l through l‘l/H rlltll’ltrt‘r
ilt'llliillll‘tl irl tlrr' Nr-wprrrt .iird N|‘\\‘ \oik
.la/r' li'sturils irird has toutr'il Aillt'rt rllltl [\sta,
*lr‘s' $7 to studcirts rlilll senior

 

ltr kr'ts .rir'

 

  

   

 

. ... .,,..u~i“" m3

 

 

 

Reme

 

i'ilrrlr'rrlni .\' nr l‘ltrl
/\fru rm inti'inationalists. wr rrr' what is ltirr in n
as "Nritirriirrl llir'ss." which is rriniiiroii llt
[itiliilthth' Allil'rlll coriirtrir's llt' wriir-
srriru'tlring similar to a Nt'lltlt trickct without .r
collar and tit-tlt‘lllltti pants Broth. who has a
small brand and iiiustaclic. spmks with yaw
.mri comiiinirrl of his sribruct lit' is .i ginpliii
.iitist irri WAllt~ TV in Nr'w York rtittl has
workcd for the black prilrlir riiiiriis program
l.il\'t’ It Is irri illt' prist iouitccn wars.

As lirritlr liriiltit'rl out. Malcolm X Wt'iii
tlrrrrttglr lllrlllU t'lirrrigris in his liir' “I ir' lrrrrkc
Ihc myth iii the incorrigible criminal. He

began a life of crime. but was converted to
the Nation oi lsiani while lu‘prison." Bratli
said. X worked lrrr a Muslim movement in
the Nation of lslanr after he made his corr-
ti'over'sial “Chickens come lionirI to roost"
remark following l’iestderrt Kennedy's
assassination. He was pointing out his belief
that the violence pci'pctuatud try the White
system had conic back to hurt lllrli system.

Once banned frorii tlic Naitrirr of islrrm. he
struck out on his own to form a united black
front iiirrtli said ill this point Malcolm X
waner to "bi ing the plight of Africans in the
US in horn of thc UN." According lrr
lirrith. Malcolm X had br-comc iicwswrirthv
and his ability to attract thr' riu'rltir maric linir
"ri llllt'rIl to ll S mipr'riirltsiii " ilr' \\‘.rs
rrssassriiritr'ri tIli lcit ill. l‘ltrl'i. intrl
.iltlurnglr tlrc humor was .it'lllrlllL‘ pirllr'rl by a
lllrtt'lr Mrislmi. iii.rl|r iti'lli'\i’~ in thr‘ possilriii
tr' of sonic t'l/\ irriol\r-rircrrt i'lris sir-iris.
liirrtli ‘-.liil tirini iltr' irrstirii rit on hr'utrrrtcd
assassination - and Mr H Iili irrtill-r tn .r |||illli‘t'|
ril i‘oiurtiiru llrr- l’.rtinc ltillltiltll'.t t'oali
turn out». its runny horn .rir i\iiir.iir .ii’tnrst
from iltr' t‘orrgr r who \\tl‘r lrillt'il l‘\,’ tln- ( '|/\ III
l‘ltrl. .rcrrrrdnrir lrr lirrillr

(ltlu-r points liirtrlt' iii, iiiallr in his spot-ch
> “I low can you rail llit\ rouiitiy ti
rli-inoi’raii: \\‘lir't| iririr'lr ol what has l‘l'l’ll
.icirir-wd is illii' to sir-.rlmg litr' lrllltl liirm Iht'
erlH‘l' Airuirir’airs .rnrl c\pliritlng lhc labor of
Allit'rtlt‘s“,.l
F "liming (Intch .ulirriiristiatirnr lltr' U S
lriJr'anii' lllt' No l Ir.idrii with racist South
Africa. talutur ri\i‘i |.ngl.inri in illrll spot "
P "l’rrirarrsr' oi Atrrrplnrirrr' Iii-rigim's cuts
tlttrtr.‘ voting |1i‘rr|rii' .ur' ltt'ltlii loin-rt to go

A Battle of Wits

{is

.\r> liltii' for .sr'rgr'urits: ('lirirlr's Brouiri. Stcplir-n Xr'ttlcr. l’dcr I-‘rt'crlnrriir. and Cot-

 

tr'r Sriiitli in lltr' Ncgro I.ttscnrirlt' (‘o 's A Soldier's l’lay

who killcri the Sarge. but who the Surge
was.

The Sarge was rcgulrir .iiiirv
nails liiyr curiously touglri'r wttli his men
tlu-ri the whitc ofticr-is prrrcriiriily in charge in
thc sr-gicgatr-rl Army-Wu learn through
t'nch oi tirr' lllt'ii aspects of sergeant Willt'lS
pcisorrality' rioting father. resentful
drsciplmarian. and finally. Sl‘lf‘llrlllliu bigot.
who grinds rliltl burritos thc poor southern
blocks he calls "grtclier-s" and it't'is arc an

.r lltlltl'tl‘w‘

r'rnlrrnassmunt to his racc
'l'in- scigcrnrt's cirrrrrrctt-r is .r [lltllilt‘illrlllt'
one. there is no easy way lrr [litir'trtt hoic his

r'ItI/cns

Clarkl'est

'l'liis wccir thy l'irr'sirirr 'ilit'ritrr- is [iri'sr-n
ting My Mun (iotl/rcr‘ It will in' shown March
5 at Hill) in tire Assriinlrlr.‘ llrlll

Ayckbourn Again

'l'hc (.‘apital Itcpi'itory ( 'oiirp-rny opciis its
si-rison March t) witlr 'I'rilrlc Mornir'rs by Alan
Ayr ldrourri 'l'lrc play wtll ittir through Millt'li
Ill l’r-rfoiinrnri'r'rr wrlI irr' at H p in \vith Sun
day Minimum of 2:.‘itl1itir l'rn llltlil‘ iniol
Inrrtion t'rlll 4ti2~tlhlil

Musical Notes
lili‘s week in local music
there's Kenny llrrnirirr riri Miiit‘li .i

ii! .iii 5. on»
Cover

iicicc piidc and bigotry llt“\ .i man caught
in liutwr'r-n rl race by lrclir'vi's in and a has
tion of white society by sons as his only [onto
to sricr L'S\ 'I‘liat ltt‘ falls short and takes out
his failing. on "black iirrslr" likc (T .l Munr-
pins. .r swr'ct. guitar playing srrutlu'rn lrriV. is
'ieprilsivc in one sense. yrit br-comcs oddly

sensrl lc in .rirotiicr

l-'ril|ci challenges the rttirltt'ttt’t‘ ill this way
throughout Captain lticlirrid llavcirpoit is
sent to ttt\'(‘slit_]rilr' the murder. on tllllllllllllv
to the white (‘irptrrin Taylor. who says. “By

ing it charge rust doesn't look right on

is .‘lri’r tlti; on March 4. Ken llr-msley/(‘Icm
Clemson Uriah i iccp (Tovr-i is $5.50: and
on Friday liriot llrry Slim (lover is
‘lrfi ttti 'I'hr' Kid/ wtll by at 28H |.rrik on
Maui] 4

Cohoes Heads

Spitidlt' (lily Coticrirts will prcsi-nt 'I'lit-
Srintlrsrninin Ir'r'pr‘rtoty .Irrzx l.rist'nrlilr' as illt'
tiriiri cvi-nl in their l‘lHl‘HZ Wilson at the
(Tolror-s Music i lall. on Saturday. March tr at
H p in ll'lt'itr‘ls ill littrtltl and $8.00 rri‘c
.rvrrilrrirlc at the Criliocs Community Center
and through all (‘oriurrrinity Ber ()fficy loca-
tions. (ittrttp tiriwts arc available through
Sir-w (‘rrrmcl rrl (Tohocs (‘ity Hall (518)
131W IiZilti. Uiisrrlrl tickets will hr.- available at
tho (Tohrir-s Mil-d1 llrlll the evening of the
purloirrrrincc.

into the military to learn 'a skill and soon they

,may be told to Jump into a war. The

genocidal aspects of this administration's
anti-communism hard line should not be
overlooked."
D “The system directs Blacks and Hispanics
away from education. They fall math in
school but are soon out on the streets runn-
ing numbers in their heads.”
> “Now we have a madman at the head of
the State Department. And we've got a nit-
wlt at the head of the National Security
Council. William Clark. That's not my choice
oi words: that's what the European press
called him when he couldn't answer basic
foreign policy questions at his confirmation
hearing for Deputy Secretary oi Slate."

lirath would like to sue Africa follow the
path of independent non-capitalist develop~
mcnt. “c said llic l’rliilt‘l’ Lumumba Coali-
iirrlr is not Marxist “Malcolm learned ironi
iwirrg m llll' Nation of Islam that you can't let
.iiworir- gn'r' you a ringing to follow. You
must work on what main-s sense frrr your
porrplr- " Iliatlr said srrcialist-rir'iented
rii'ir'lir1illlr'ttl burn-iris titlisl oi the people for
tin‘ urination many Aitltrlll corirrtiics are in.

"It you don't inrrlr-rstriiid the world you
won‘t irr- .rlilr' trr unrir-rstanrl your own sittin-
turn in that world." iiiirtli sirtrl "You have to
suck Iriii lltr' intonnatrorr livr-iylhing l have
'Srllli rs .r\‘.ril.riilr' to \ou all. but you must look
for it first you how to lilllll'lfrlilllll tlicii yrru
rnrikr- .r t'lttlilltllllllt‘ill citbcr rr-volritirrnary or
icar'iriniair.‘ ’l'ln'ig wtll iiot llr' rrbir- to stop the
tidy tri tlrr' I\‘\‘Itltil|t)|i l'lrr'v may prolong the
struggle but tlu-y can't stop it."

lilrriirbr- l’natlr (board by quoting Marcus
(iaiwy. saying luv wants to see “a world
wircrr' litiirrpv is for liM' liurripvrins. Asia is
for thy Asiattr's. and. above rlll. Africa for the
Airrr’rnrs," l l

Nr'iilrrr's " lint \\‘i' but!!! his antagonisrir is not
to bc t‘ihlli,’ rinssrlirirl. 'lrryirri wants iu. e,
and lights lll|' .ippiriirinn'nt of a black officer
to llll' r .rsc not out of bigotry. but out of fear

 

lllrll irrstrcv won't lrr.’ (llllll'

it's busy to forget under the weight of
l-niir'r's irlr'as thc cosy and often hilarious
barracks lirirrior among tlrc soldiers. Fuller
captures tho gritty. soullrciii dialogue.
rrrrrrliiig i‘irairu'tiris so liketrlric that it
ircr rrmcs llillll tri puigc the case objectively.

The credit for pulling off this blend of
tragedy and comedy belongs to flawless
cirscinlilc .ir'ling ‘i‘lictc's not a bad perfor-
llirlilt‘i‘ in iltt‘ lot there's not a less then ex-
r‘r'lft'rtl pr'iioimrnrcc in the lot. Larry Riley
ricsciyt-s special mention for the doomed
soldier with the blues guitar. Arid Adolph
(‘ar'scr .rs Srirgrsrnt Waters was superb  a
Virit't' likc srnrrlpapcr which be controlled like
rr violinist As victim and ViL‘iilhilL‘t Cacsei
was pcilcctirrir

If there was ii ir-gict to the evening. it was
in the brevity of Nli(."s stay. liut the reader is
urged not to View this as a eulogy for a lost
opportunity. but it preview of what sliouirlnt
be missed A .Solrlr't'r's l’lriy. tit .l-llL’ilil'U Four
at 424 West 55th Street is tremendous
lllt'rlll‘l

ﬂ

And A Few Megalons While You're
At It

(littt't'ttt llcll lfnrry will have one perfor-
mance at the iimpiicI Slate Performing Arts
(‘r'iitcr on Saturday. March (i at 8 p.m. For
more inlorrrirition call 47li~1i75tl

Brahms and the Man

The next Albany Symphony Orchestra
concerts on Friday. March 5th at the Troy
Sayings ilruiir Music Hall and on Saturday.
March bill at the Palace 'l'heatre will feature
.iulius llcgyi conducting the music of
Mrrmrt. Brahms. and Hindemith. Tire per-
formances begin at 8:30 p.m. each evening.

Tickets for the March 5th and (lift concerts
are available at the Palace Theatre Box Of-
ficc. the Troy Music Hall office. and at the
Coirrriiunity Box Offices.

March 2, "mas/hire“ f7‘ 3'

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

