 
  

‘ Student Association ‘

HELP WANTED

  

 

 

Applications for the UAS Board of Directors
U for University Auxiliary Services (UAS) U
are now available in the Student Association office, CC 1 16.
A The Board sets policy and the direction of the corporation. The positions are A
for one (1) year duration and will require
S a large time committment. S
It you have any questions contact Joe Ranni at 457-8087 or stop in at
the Student Association office.
Application deadline: September 23, 1982

 

    

 

 

Six Committees =

Student Involvement

Central Council Standing Committees

Academics: Eric Sauter, 455-6479
Athletic Finance: Bob Helbock, 457-7930
Lee Eisner. 434-6729

Rob Flshkln, 455-6771
Mark Nelson, 457-1869
April Gray. 457-5286
Lauren J. Walter. 457-7793
Mark Selgelsteln. 449-3044

Central Council meeting:
Wednesday, Sept. 15. 7:30 p.m., CC 375

Applications are now available for tho lollowrng positions:

Contact Office Staff '

i and
Student Association
Secreataries

Applications may be picked up in
the Student Association office, CC 116.

Application deadline: September 16. 1982

Finance:

Internal Affairs:
Student Action:
Student Services:

 

 

 

 

Applications are now available lor‘ the positions ol:
Solicitations Director Transportation Director

Election Commissioner & Election Commissioners
Applications may be picked up in the Student Association office, CC 116. These are
stipended/salared positions and are of one (1) year duration.

For further questions, please stop by the SA office.

Application deadline: September 23. 1982

 

 

Positions Available for

Assistant Controllers

2 to 3 hours weekly — voluntary
Excellent experience in Internal Auditing and
Bookkeeping.

For applications and/or more information
stop by the Student Association office, CC 116
or call David Schneyman, 457-8087.

Applications due: September 17 at 2 p.m.

 

Interest Meeting
Tuesday, September 21. 7pm, in LC 19

All those interested in learning to work with profes-
sional sound and lighting equipment are welcome
(whether experienced or not). Please Come! This is a
great opportunity, not found elsewhere. It culminates
in employment.

. A Audio Visual r; itii "illiitl or i wit-irrity I‘lltl limit and ill 4" not tlitlt lllltrll Ill l‘l ml up. i t'x‘ mm,
arc-(ml, color or llrllf :7!le-

 

 

 

 

T A X C A R D S
On-Campus Students
If you didn’t receive them in your check-in packet or through
your Central Council Rep, pick them up anytime at the
Contact Office, Campus Center Lobby.

Off-Campus Students
Pick up your cards in the Campus Center Lobby,

Monday, September 13 through Friday, September 17,

11 am — 2 p.m.

Also, you will be able to tile your Off-Campus Address Form with the Oil-Campus Housing Office at
' the same time.

 

X S.A. AUDIO VISUAL

 

The Student Association is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

 

 

urns.“ .. .,..

 

 

 

 

  

Air

 t) l. U M It" I. i" l V

0mm 
 3519";

September 24, 1 982

   

NUAIIBER 24

 

Raped woman finds little

 

By Teri .Kaplowltz

NE "‘5 EDI TOR

 

“if l’m not back in an hour call
security." Ronna Shapiro recalled joking
with her suitcmates on a Saturday night last
October.

Shapiro was on her way to trelp a friend -
in fact, hcr suitemiitc's ex-boyfriend - with
a troubling English paper. in his Ten Brock
dorm room.

“When i walked into his room, be locked
the door. but i thought nothing of it." site
said. Shapiro remembered him writing at
his desk. telling her to watch T.V.. She
reminded him that site was hereto help him
with his [English paper. but he told her to
keep watching 'l‘.V.. A bit annoyed with
wasting her Saturday night. she got tip to
leave.

That's when “he pulled me back. pulled
torc my clothes off. and raped me." she
said.

The lisSillliilll was eventually found guilty
of abuse and threatening behavior by a
school hearings officer. and is currently on
Disciplinary and Residence Hull Probation.

Disciplinary Probation is “a more sir—
iirgcnt warning issued in response to more
serious or frcqucncd violations of Universi-
ty regulations, while Residence Hall proba-
tion places the student on Probation in
University residences for a stated period of
time."

Shapiro said the student who abused her
currently lives in a low rise on Dutch Quad.

However, behind this conviction lies the
rigainarole Shapiro said she went through
when she attempted to seek help.

"i felt there was no place to go to" the
petit. short. brown haired Shapiro related.
Her brown. almond shaped eyes look inno-
cent. but this English major’s mind is sharp
and analytical.

After the incident. Shapiro spent the rest
of the fall semester pretending it never hap-
pened. Her ﬁrst action came early the next
semester. when she called Middle Earth, a
student run counseling center on campus.

According to Shapiro, the woman who
answered Middle Earth's hot line told her
to come in for an interwiew. The inter-
viewer said shc'd be assigned a counselor in
three days. However, Shapiro said when
she called Middle Earth back three weeks
later. they said they were just getting do her

 

UPS

Womono’ Saioty Awareness Days, from September 29 through October 1, will
be a three day spree oi speakers. panel discussions, and demonstrations,
culminating In 3 Take Back the Night rally

On Wednesday. Karon Burstoln will speak on sexual coercion at the podium.
Thursday's highlight to a salt doionse demonstration and workshop while the
Take Back the Night rally ls scheduled for Friday.

case.

“That is something that shouldn't have
taken place." admitted Middle Earth’s
counseling Coordinater Margot Miglins.
Usually a person is asked to come in for
counseling the next day," she explained.

Middle Earth holds no statistics on the
number of rape cases reported to them. and

is content. as its Director Dave Jenkins
says. to look at psychological problems, not
their triggering events.

Miglins said she councils raped women
on the subsequent alternatives of police
harrassment. “People who report (their
rapes) to the police go through a lot."

When Shapiro received little help from

University support

Middle Earth. she went to the on-campus
Department of Public Safety. There she
spoke to a male detective who. she
said.“askcd insensitive and impertinent
questions."

“It (the investigation) is not a pleasant
experience." acknowledged Assistant
Director of Police John Hennighan.
“There’s no question - it‘s embarrassing."

Hennighan believed energy should be
channeled toward sex crime prevention.
and cited the new blue light phones. im-
proved exterior lighting and student escorts
as ways of preventing some incidents.

Hennighan also emphasized that rape is
"not really an epidemic here." Public Safe-
iy‘s records show only seven cases of rape
were reported from l976-82. 'l'wcnt-four
crises of sexual assault were reported from
l978-32.

Strident Health Service Director Dr.
Janet llood agrees that “not so many
students are involved (in rape) or else we
don't see them here."

However. although Affirmative Action
Acting Director Gloria DeSoie “doesn't
believe people are jun ring out of the
bushes,” she thinks.” there is more sexual
harrassment on this campus than we
realize."

DeSole sees women's safety as a con-

tinuum. believing that stopping violent sex-
ual crime only becomes easier once women
recognize minor forms of sexual harass-
ment.
I Shapiro said DeSolcwas the only person
to offer moral support. and take a sincere
interest in her case. Desdc informed
Shapiro of her right to the hearing that
eventually found Shapiro's assailant guilty
of abuse.

Shapiro could not actually charge her
assailant with rape. since it is not expressly
prohibited in the University Regulations.
“There is a reluctance to deal with rape on-
campus." admitted Dean of Student Af-
fairs Neil C. Brown, but added that cases
like this deserve to be held in a professional

,way."

He pointed out that murder and grand
larceny aren‘t dealt with in the University
Guidelines either.

Brown recalled students being per-
manently dismissed from SUNYA for

7h

Cuomo topples Koch in Democratic primary

DEAN IEI'Z UPB

L’ C i-. “ELM—ﬂ
ﬁt . .i the support of Koch and Corey.

    

Republican Lehrman is

New York. NY.

(AP) Lt. Gov. Mario Cuomo scored a stun-
ning upset Thursday over Mayor Edward
Koch in New York’s Democratic guber-
natorial primary. -

With 95 percent of the vote in. Cuomo
led the New York City mayor. 54 percent to
46 percent.

Meanwhile. millionaire businessman
Lewis Lehrman easily defeated former U.S.
Attorney Paul Curan for the GOP giiaber-
natorial nomination. With 94 percent of the
GOP vote in. Lehrman led Curran 81 per-
cent to l9 percent.

After more than two hours of watching
an early Cuomo lead lioid and grow once
the polls closed at p.m.. Koch finally con-
ceded shortly before “:30 p.m.

“i run supporting the Democratic can-
didate Mario Cuomo; a grim-looking
Koch told his-suppporters. "l urge you and
all my supporters to do the satire in
November."

runaway winner

As the crowd cheered “Mario. Mario,"
Cuomo tirade his way to it podium in the
Hzilloran House.

The victory for Cuomo was an especially
swch one because just last week. lane-duck
Gov. llugh Carey lliltl endorsed Koch in the
Democratic racc.

"You have won on your own term,"
Carey told Cuomo in a slstemcnt issued by
his office. “1 offer any assistance you may
seek in assuring your election as governor."

On the Republican side. things did not
seem nearly as united as Curan refused to
endorse Lehrman — at least for the mo-
incnt.

in other races. incumbent U.S. Sen.
Daniel Patrick Moynuhan - seeking a se-
cond six-year term - scored an easy victory
in his Democratic primary against Melvin
Klenetsky. a protege of Lyndon LaRouchc.
the former head of the U.S. Labor Party.

1»

 

rtepubllcan Lew Lehrman .
Curran offered no challenge.

   

 

rmwnﬂ. m
_ w . ._......—..-..

