 
 
 

 

 

 «>-

.i~.n.1-*‘ r

 

 

A Discourse on ROTC '

Richard Lerner

Vinnie: I don’t understand, Socrates,
what do you mean?

Socrates: it’s not difficult, Vinnie, do
y0u suppose there is any way to fix a
car if you don't know what's wrong
with it?

Vinnie: Yes, but . . . I still don’t
understand why you would say that we

_\ can’t improve society if we dOn’t know

how society should be.

Socrates: Well, take for instance the
car; can you see what is wrong with it if
you don’t know how it ought to be: can
you know that the timing is off if you
don't know what it would be for the
timing to be right?

Vinnie: No, but . . .

Socrates: And can you rectify the
wrongs of society if you don’t know
how society should be?

Vinnie: i guess not; it seems to follow.
Socrates: Do you think improving
society is desirable?

Vinnie: of course, and as good
Americans we have an obligation to try
to make this country better for our
progeny, just as our forefathers did for
us; and i will add that we should do
our best to improve society. Why,
Socrates, i see where you're leading; i
bet you consider the university that
place where we study what is wrong
with society so that we can, as good
Americans, make this great c0untry
even greater.

Socrates: You are getting ahead of me;
i'm not as smart as you are, so i have
to proceed one step at a time; you,
because of your clear sight felt we
could jump right over this point, that
the university is where, as well as stu-
dying what is wrong with society, we
study how society should be, because
you thought it obvious.

Vinnie: Yes, that is so.

Socrates: But let me ask you this: Do
you suppose that an institution w0uld
send, to this university, a represen-
tative who was critical of his own in-
stitution?

Vinnie: i don't understand why you
would ask such a question.

Socrates: Perhaps that is because you
don’t understand the question. Let me
give an example: Would you think that
* if’ » Ford Motor Company sent a
representative to this campus to teach a
course it would send someone who was
critical "of its cars, who would not
maintain that they were the best money
could buy, or who was critical of the
fact that Ford has its largest plant in
South Africa, one of the few remaining
slave states?
Vinnie: No, not at all, and that is why
we don't allow them to teach courses.
But i still don't understand why you
would ask such a question.
Socrates: Perhaps if i give another ex-
ample it will all become clear. if the
military were to send its self-appointed
representative, the Professor of
Military Science of ROTC, to this
university to teach a course, would it
send someone not hesitant to question
military policy?
Vinnie: But Socrates, how do you
kggw what the Professor of Military
Science will or won’t do, how do you
know he won't feel free to criticize the
military?
Socrates: Why, my dear Vinnie, again
you misunderstood the question. i
didn't ask Him Professor would or
would not criticize the military, i asked
if the military would send someone to
represent it who would not hesitate to
criticize military policy.
Vinnie: No why should it?
Socrates: Well, Vinnie dear, let us go
back. is it possible to improve the
military if we don't know what is
wrong with it?
Vinnie: No, but . . .
Socrates: And is it possible to see what
is wrong with the military if we don‘t
know how it should be?
Vinnie: No, we‘ve already established
that.
Socrates: And isn't it so that to the ex-
tent that the Professor docs not
criticize the military is the extent to
which he will not be cndcttvoring to im-
prove the military?

\

L ,1

it.

tm l
Elites Only

 D
 .l U , 

 

 

To the Editor:

Protect the rich and “stick it" to the
-middle and lower classes —— that has
been national policy every time we en-
counter. a tough economic period.
President Reagan has extended this
policy to higher education. He has
made it more difficult to receive
BEOG/BOG and student loans, and at
the same time decreased the amount of
money available in each of those
categories. Students from upper class
families have been aided by Reagan’s
tax cuts, while students from middle
and lower class families are being han-
dicapped by these budget cuts.

Now Governor Carey has adopted
this policy of attempting injurious
budget cuts in education. if Hugh
Carey gets his way:
> Dorm rates will go up $150
> Landlords of off-campus housing,
once they find out about the dorm rate
bike, will raise the rent for their apart-
ments

 

 

 

'Vinnie: Yes, it seems so.

Socrates: You said for yourself that we
have a patriotic duty to try to improve
this great country and, therefore, the
military; so wouldn‘t it seem that the
Professor of Military Science is being
unpatriotic in not criticizing the
military, and the military itself is being
unpatriotic in sending a representative
who was not critical of the military?
Vinnie: it seems to follow.

Socrates: Oh . . . just one more thing
my dear friend, now that you agree
that ROTC does not improve the
military, but at best helps maintain the
status quo, don’t you have a patriotic
duty to purge your otherwise fine
university of this disease?

Vinnie: Now Socrates, i’m really
beginning to have my doubts about all
this; i think your logic may be wrong.
Socrates: Yes, bttt in order for you to
see what is wrong with it you would
have to know what it would be for it to
be right, and besides, l‘m Rich
Lerncr‘s representative and i‘d be the
last to tell you if there were something
wrong with his arguments.

> As many as 90 faculty positions will
be'eut

> Off campus students will have to
pay to ride the SUNYA bus

In summary, next year we will be
paying mdre, with less financial aid
available, for a lower quality educa.
tion. Those of us who are not well or:
will either have to work while attending
classes Or even drop out. EOP students
are in a worse dilemma because they
are not supposed to w0rk during
semesters. ,

A quality education cannot be
achieved when the students are preoc-
cupied with their financial situations.
Once again, those from Well-off
families do not have this problem.

Higher education is once again slipp-
ing back into the category of existing
solely for elites —— out of reach for
most students of lower or middle Clttss
families. To be sure, there will be stltiit'
room left for financially disadvantaged
or minority students —— bttt these will
be token spots used for appeasement.
Do not be appeasedi

On Tuesday, February 16, we will
have an Opportunity to unite to try to
push back the course that is being
' taken by Governor Carey. We must
rally together and lobby together so \\‘c
can survive t0gctheri if you want mott-
information, please step by tile SA.
office.

— Tony Milillo
Member of Fuerza Latina

Spirit Behind SUNY

To the Editor:

Regarding your column on “FDRK
True Legacy" (February 2, Will).
Thomas W. Carroll mentions the New
Deal anacronymst Well, i think llL'
forgot one: SUNY.

Without the courageous leadership
of a man like Roosevelt, someone wlto
had the guts to stand up and say, “titt-
lower and middle class students should
be educated too!” mOst of us would in-
working at Caldors.

As for tltc rising national dcbt. ll£i~ it
dawned on you that the United Stntc.
has l‘Ottght three very costly wars sinc.
1932'?

The Yﬂlltt Conference, that you .~;t\

 

 

 

 

 
 

1
pi .
WE $.99?!“

    

9

pi 1"va

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_...... .e.»-t..-.t..,._.... Wan...“ . “It.

destroyed freedom in Easicrn iiut'opt.
was a clcttr victory for the \\"c.slct'll Ni
tions, for the Soviets \vcrc pt'cpttt'ctl to
invade as far west as the stillillt‘dul
border of France, Luxcmhotr.
Belgium, Holland and Filidltliltl, with
little rcsistcncc front tllcsc nalitlm. lnr
stead the Soviet “sphere of ini'lttcncc“
was pushed 400 miles cus! of Him"
countries and the United Sittlcs
“sphere of influence" was extcndcd by
that amount.

If YOU're really interested in the
sovereignty of a nation's borders, ex
plain President Eisenhowur‘s inep-
titude in dealing the Hungarian Rcv‘olt
in 1956. And explain President
Reagan’s wristslapping of the Soviets
in Poland in 1981.

Mr. Carroll, let's give credit where
credit is due. A parade is appropriate,
for FDR, the most influential leader of
our times.

—— Denis A. lingel

 

The inside Story

 

To the. Editor:
1 write this it] response to lticlutrd
Lerner’s anti-ROTC letter to tile cdiltu

raw: -;2e‘.s'mt.mt-,-n.tt~:er v u t

 

   
 

 

 

 

7'3'-“"wae~~--.~I~‘vv-vececleocosvv

'Ievtgceeol'lleotigﬁsw - ﬂute.-
‘ v. V n : .V.!‘{~.’. . ‘ '3

 

 

 

 

t-..~ 2 are

 

n The Beat

 

l_\—/ic The Cppl

Since this is the first article for this ,
paper (I previously wrote for Law
Enforcement Quarterly unill
funding was cut) 1 would like to
introduce myself to you all. i am Vic.
I'm a cop. I work the First Divisional
Beat downtown in this city 1 call
Albany. i see things and hear things
every day that affect the lives of
thousands. Each week l'll bring you
new perspectives of Albany. Some
pretty. some not so pretty. But. that's
Just like nty job — tough. touching,
ugly. bttl never boring.

Most of you will think of mu its that
hurt! nosed “pitrltcntl” ihnl hnsslt'd
you about spilling on the sidewalk or
carrying (ill open bottle of beer. Or
maybe I wits llit‘ guy who llilSSlUtl you
about buying lllr'll scolpctl ticket down
til the Palace and mndc you miss the
entire Show. Whatever the case. just
remember. you are just guests in this
city: Some of us have to live here.
That saying “We can do anything we
want. We're Ct illcgu students!" goes
only us for ITS the borders of campus.
As soon as yott step off. your ass is

 

mine!
So much for inlrotlttclions.
The first subject id like to bring up
is student conduct in the Community.
Now i happen to know all about your
pejorative attitudes towards the
“townies”. You'd like to lltink of us as
being boorish. backwards.
ullrnconscrvnliw: the kind of i‘it'tlplt’
who giveI grassroots support to the
Mornl Majority. l’t'o-Lifc and American
Niill Party. We”. woke up to the rcnl
World scum. because you're the “MU
who hats to change to fit in with the
rest of us, We don't chtmgc Ullt' hit!
My God when l think of all the
times We seen you morons waiting till
all hours of the night to gel into that
dive The Lamposl. Or rttnning outside
and throwing up on iilberon. The-re is
nothing pretty about u student's life.
Then. when i see you people
making love at iill hours of the night.
You people don‘t even bother to close
curtains! Try using a little restraint
otth in a while. Some things wear out
if you use iham too much.

radical communist bookstores and all
that other crap that ruins our society
but we h'ave to put up with it 'cause
it's America. Bring in all that junk but
leave behind that god damned music!
Chrisll it‘s enough to wake the dead!
Last week Jake. my partner. and I
went on a disturbance call on Morris
Street. (We get so many of these
that‘s enough to make you sick.) So
we get there and you can hear the
music front the street. “What are

, we/Baby. oh baby/Ugga.

Ugga/Boom". We start pounding on
the door and finally someone hears us
and answers.

it's a real. long haired job with half
closed eyes and a real intellectual lone

 

in his voice. “What seems to be the
problem. Officer?" God. how I hate
that "who. me. why. i'm lust as
normal as you are" type altlludc.

i turn to my partner Jake and give
him a look and he nods. So i explain
to the guy. real slow so he'll
understand. that he'd better keep the
stereo down because his neighbors. (in:
trying to enjoy peace and quiet.

“Oh. but officer. we didn't realize
we were disturbing anyone." he says
in a mock innocent lone. Now this;
mode me pop a vein in my head. i
store the guy down real hard 'cnust' i
read that you pol»hcﬂdcr5 get all
paranoid when someone looks you in
the eye like a mun And l exploit: lt-
him that any person who didn't rut lllL'
llit‘ll loud rock music at Ilzflfl in Ila.-
morning is disturbing must be it real
low-life who should be drugged
outside and knocked around a couple
of lililL’S to get some Sense. The guy is
shakin'. really shnkin' after all this. So
Itcll him to keep the noise down. and
we left. I'm not about to take any guff
from people who are little htsltcr than
transients.

Well. Ijusi gol a coil and we have
to roll. Till next time. keep the shiny
side up and the dirty side down. i l

 

 

Now. the second thing I want to tttlk
about is peace in the community You
people on campus get till Juiced up on
those itcids and pot stuff lhtil it's
enough to make one sick. You sit all
tliiV long iltltl store at p
mid r'il night you play loud music and
stick your cars right llt’Xl lo illt’
speaker to "experience" the sounds.
Thttnk God you're all fenced off from
lllL' test of lltc'World up in
McKnownvillc.

But now you people move off
campus. Well. don't go for all that
tlrttg business down here on tny bunt.
You can bring in your'heallh foods

and your vegetarian garbage and your~

    

t..t;ta.wwm.-.ms..~..-.,... A »   r

orno ntitgozincs

 

 

God and the Trendsetter 88 willing. this should be the last you'Jl be seeing of
tho truncated version of Aspects for a while, Three times we tried to bring your
t-ur usual t'ighi pages of arts and features. and each time we were rebuffed. Each
time it won technology that bit ~ug|it us down it slze--in this case. a measly four
pages. Here's some of lltt‘ stuff you missed:

DA fnlrly extensive. l'illllt’l' reactit -nnry In t k at the R: fling Stones. In honor of
their (‘lll'l't'lll it It: and campus npptuttnnct' in Glmmt.‘ Shelter.

FA centerfold ltt'ntmt'nl v‘f ct tpt lillt' lit'\\'5|’lii[7t:'lllll_i. mid how it shapes the

way we all lot-k til the notch.

>Atl gnllt'tios in tmd .n- lllitl Allmny-wht'tu It gt f: 1' sh: ~ws and where it be

hit: \vn.

inch ll lltl'M' titliclt's will prt-hnlth.‘ llltll’.l' its \‘.'.‘i‘J brick hill the panes t.f
f\- _\t‘t".\. .~- .tll t~ ll|l l~ s‘. it. iltt' t‘: thing \t'tu'l-zs tttt' plnl. UVt'il l‘lll‘l't‘--l' I ks at
t o tutntptts. (\ll‘lllQlll t.itli.- to AllMltH. pt-

lII M‘Xlltllli't

. l‘.',1”l|l‘|” il‘ulltll ttunitnt-ni - f lht' lills
.-\l| llth in in: the \v.tt-- ltm-t: tllittt( v n iltn‘ /\ -pa't'l\ ts nillll t’lt‘. still cares. and.
n this Vult-nltnt": \Vt‘i'lit‘lttl. --llll likos \'

    

tvrt'sillng at the Ar-

 

ll .tll \t-ty much

 

 

 

 

Out or”: art Field

Put Up
Or

Shut Up

For lllt‘ f’rcsidcnl. proposing illl
unacceptable budget to Congress is
the best political strategy.

We’ve heard the plans for support
for the “bipartisan budget plan." innc-
curnlcly displayed on an elementary
line graph. We've heard promises to
protect the “truly needy." and the
claim lhot Reagan's budget plan Would
not Work if not compounded will: it
second set of cuts. Met with criticism

 

 

 

 

from Congress and consumenls of his
"new federalism." the President has
apparently realized, albeit belatedly,
that no magic plan exists for a balanc-
ed budget and 1950's prosperity
before Election'84. And so Reagan
has chosen a tried-attddrue political
tnch: he created a breeding ground
for a strategic shift of blame later in
the year. What makes the scenario
more interesting is that Reagan's lac-
Iitrs resemble those of a third-grader
who wants to grow up to be a

ct nubt ty.

The l’l‘t’Slthlil told the lown
lt’glﬁliilul't’ 'l‘ucsdny morning ihat “the
budget we've proposed is a line drawn
in the dirt. Those who are serious
about reducing the deficit will cross it
and Work with us on our proposal or
other alternatives. Those who are not
since-re in their concern about the
deficit will stay on the other side and
simply continue their lltcotrics." Quite
an ultimatum. i'm waiting for ltlm to
(lure Tip O'Neill to knock a ballery off
his shoulder.

Rungnn has employed another
political strategy: when tumble to
justify .t progrnnt will: fucls. resort to
broad promises and new metaphor,
and appeal to the nntionnlisnt of an
economically drained people.

The President assured the [own
legislature that "our federalism plan
stands on its own merits. fl key in a
better. truer America . . There will
bu no not winners or losers This will
not be n roll of the dice." lmagitie my
relief. And when O‘Neill charged that
iii-i mnny iiS twelve states would suffer
frotn the new federalism. Reagan
pointed out, “he didn't happen to
name those dozen states. it makes you
thlltlL’l’ which slates are not American
enough for him." For be it from me to
subvert freedom. America, or the new
federalism. Perhaps we could paste a
new such slogan over our old Nixon
’ll’TBA (“i'm Proud to be American")
bumper stickers or Ford WIN (Whip
ilnflalion Now) buttons. it Would be
laboui as effective.

The President's budget. which
allows for additional cuts to social pro-
grams. yet another increase in military
'spcnding. and a deficit of $91.5 billion
has little support from even the more
conservative members of Congress. By
submitting such a plan. noting “a
deafening silence on alternatives." and
commenting provocatively that the
Democrats should either “put up or
shut up," Reagan gives Congress one
.chclce: to propose an alternative .
budget. And it's not likely any pro-
posal can cure the country's economic
lilis in one budget year or even two.
And the country may suffer. But a
charge of Congressional ineptitude can
—— and undoubtedly will ——-' be made
lust about campaign time.El

 

 

