mmmutmmm

 

SVPEQTRUM

 

,. ﬂ ' ' .lDrVERSIONer- ‘

 

 

 

l
JJlo'lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

 

Mimic

>J.B. Scott- (436-9138) Skyline — Fri.
10 piece Reggae Band — Sat.

>llula m... (453-9043) Palace ~ Frl

' and Sat. $3.00 Cover.

>110ng (482-9797) Sharks — Fri and
Sat. $1.00 Cover, X-lstentlals and The
Misfits — Sun. -

>Gemlnl Jazz Cafe (462-0044) Fats Jef-
ferson — Fri and Sat. No Cover. $4.00
minimum.

>Lnrk TIVOI‘II (463-9779) Cambridge
Kate and the Battenkill Boys' — Fri and Sat.

>E|ghth Stop Coffeehouse:

(434-1703) Jlm Sande and MaryAnn Tilford

—— Frl. Classical musicians. $3.50 admission.

Cindy Mangsen — Sat. $3.50 admission.
- folkslnger.

>Yootcrd-y’o (489-8066) Silver Chicken
— Fri and Sat. No Cover.

>Pluly'l Hotel (463-9082) Martha's
Alrheart — Frl, Doc Scanlon's Rhythm Boys
— Sun, No Cover.

>Tlle Shall (436-7707) Doc Scanlon's
Rhythm Boys — Frl. New Moon Swing
Band -—— Sat. No Cover.

. III I
Illlllllllllll

llII.'lI1lllllllllllllllllllllll
III

 

 

Theater

>Pcﬂormlng Am Cantor (457-8606)
University Jan Ensemble. Friday at 8 p.m..
Free. Music Faculty Showcase. Vocal and
Chamber Music; Saturday at 8 b.m.. $2
general admission, Free wlth SUNYA 1U.

>St. John'l Epllcopnl Church ~—
Troy. Albany Pro Muslca — Sun. 3 pm. -
Free.

>Emp|ro State [Youth Theatre In-
llltuto (473-3750) Antigone - Fri 10 am.
and' 7:30 p.m.. Sat 7:30 p.m.. admission is
$4.00 adults. $3 children. students and
senior citizens.

 

 

 

Movies

$UA Fox 1&2 Colonic (459-1020)
Taps 2,4:30.7.9:30 Frl and Sat. Quartet
2.4.6.8.10 Fri and Sat.

>3no Street The-lie (436-4428)
Polyester 79:10 Fri. Sat. Sun.

DHeIIm-n Colonic 1&2 (459-2170)
Ghost Story 7:303:30 Frl and Sat. Whose
Life is it Anyway? 7:20. 9:35 Fri and Sat.

>Hellm|n (459-5322) On Golden Pond
(call for times).

>Mndllon (489-5431) Prince of the City
(call for times).

>A|bany State Cinema Fort Apache
The Bronx 7:30. 10:00 Fri and Sat. LC 18.

>Tower Eu! Cinema Body Heat 7:30.
10:00 Fri and Sat. LC 7.

>lntemntlonul Film Group Top Hat
7:30.10:00 Fri and Sat. LC 1. ‘

 

'osswordcrosswordcrosswordcrossword

 

ACROSS
l Vipers
5 Despots
10 FDR's dog
>14 Sunken fence or
augh
15 Spartan serf
16 Rush‘order abbrevi-
ation
l7 Sooner or later
19 Maui garlands
20 liealed
21 Hudson River view
23 Minerals
24 in regard to
25 "— Bank Account"
27 Auction term
28 Stunned
32 Suffix for social

35 Tan producer
38 1040. for one
39 Soldiers
40 Something to win in
cards
41 Card game
. 42 "Fiddler on the
4 Roof“ character

3Tu st
44 Squirrel treat

tle
2? Alliance initials

62 Senator Kefauver
63 Killed

10 Shakespearean
k i ht.

" i1
11 On the Tyrrhenlan

46 Bandieader Shaw 12 Set down
48 o s . Church projection
49 "A — from Many 18 Driving places
Kong" —— finger
52 Addictions 25 Erroll Garner
55 Years: it. e
26 Sky-blue

56 — question
58 The — Brothers 27 Scrooge's word
59 Word in Jane Austen 29 Concerning

30 Misplay

1 Speed —

33 Zero-dimensional
figures (abbr.)

34 llhat a nil uses. in

sports
36 Study plants
37 Separate
Excep 38 — poodle
3 Extraordinary occur- 40 Here
rence 43 Genie offerings
44 Hinged
45 Ship rooms
47 Succlnct

DOWN
1 Attention-getter

4 ——— Bee

5 Fall sounds
6 Azov. for one
7 Joyful words to a 4B Footwear

:de tor 49 Dear one: it.
8 Movie Charlie Chan. 50 "Step —t"

——- ll nters 51 Hard in the "golden
9 Hark with hair rule"
53 Actress Sharon -—
54 Street sign
57 llalf a fly

 

 

WK

 

    
   

   

Romy u. Ajune ,  .
m z 3 on Me c “M: “mp-F5191” °“°'sz‘
SoM$5MQm Ab Meier-261w 

acumen N»! m-

gro A sum of news

mm Landon: moons

mm: o c to
“any? é

MINW

{ﬁt-swarms?

 

 

 

{MT £1172; RMFiETﬁ'ﬁ' m“
1 til/IA mm pyﬂctﬂtt 1:: we?”
l-lif

 
 
  
      
  
 
 
  
   
  
     

mm
A” ‘\

 
  
        
      
  
      
 
    
 
 
 
 

 

”

M

 

_ a ‘
i 4i???

.9 .

   

'W‘iﬁhhﬁsg
CR ring A ovrpl

4791);:er military pas
Jw )i swarms "
{ft/Lliltzylnil no
A é) yrun a rim 14/146
ro Di Yam 4013

ﬂuff/no {ms mange is.

w its  n
r t; n‘

5- ammonia-mu

 
 
  
 
   
 

m
u:
>r

as t:

 

    

 

 
   

?

 
 

‘
\ .. C
We

 

   
     

ersionsdiver:

» ° llll

273 8

a l l lllll
. all l l,

Slnce most people are looking for
something creative. meaningful and pur-
poseful to do with their time at the beginning
of the semester. we thought it would be nice
to run a puzzle contest. The following five
Universal Product Codes (UPC's) me all
taken from packages of food that are served
in the campus center. Most of you probably

eat a lot of this during your day. it you match
up the UPC with the name of the product.
you will getan ENTIRE RAT DINNER! Sort
of Inach your mouth water just thinking
about it. Entries must be received be Aspects
no later than 5:00. Wednesday. February
10. In case of a tie. the winners will share the
meal. Good luck!

 

 

o

 

 

 

 

‘ Letters

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Budget Committee

 

To the Editor:

A budget committee is now being formed
to appropriate our student activities fees to
the various Student Association clubs and
organizations. Thcsc clubs range frorn the
student services clubs (c.g.. the University
Conccrl Board) to profession-oriented
clubs (c.g.. prc-luw. pro-health). The
numbers involved are impressive. There are
over cighly clubs
$450,000 will be appropriated.

The committee reviews the budget rc-
qucst of each club. which is submltlcd by
tile club's president. The committee lhcn
holds a hearing for the club to explain the
reasons and ncccssitics for its rcqucsl. it
then makes any adjustments. if necessary.
and submits the total final budget lo the
prcsidcnt for approval.

While reading throuin this edition of the
ASP you will set: two ads rcqucsling your
participation on this cornmitlcc. There is a
general interest meeting on February 9. in
the Student Association loungc. Al this
meeting the budget process and the amount
of work required of committee mcmbcrs
will be explained. The deadline for applica-
tions will be lllc following Friday. February
12. i realize lhcsc deadlines are close, bill as
much time as possihlc will be needed in
ordcr to give fair consideration to all clubs
who llpply.

Thcrc arc no rcqnircmcnls for any
member. only Ihc desire to find out whcrc
illld how a major portion ofstudcnl fees are
appropriated. We are looking for it diverse
group and request all those intercstcd lo up-
ply or come to thc rnccting Tucsdny night.

if you are interested but are unable to al-
lcnd the meeting. plcnsc contact me or Drrvc
Pologc or drop a note in the budget coul~
miltcc mailbox in the SA officc. Thank
you.

—— Joe Ronni
Clmirnmn

 

What’s the Point

 

To the Editor:

In Tucsdny's (l-‘cbrunry 2) Op-lid column
was one of the worst degradations of
political discoursc l have sccn in print. 1
would for from claim to he at “Roosevel-
tinn." but Mr. (.‘nrrull's letter was too bad
to be left unchallcngcd. The first question is
just whnl is the point of his letter? Thcrc
sccms to be little bcsidcs historical swinging
ill the dark. Perhaps the author was tired of
hcaring Ronald Reagan criticized and
warned a little rcvcngc‘.’ .

Mr. Carroll kindly lays the blame for all
of the country's problems on FDR. Perhaps
there is credence to this attack. Unfor-
tunately the author didn't have thc guts to
step out from behind his innuendo; had he.
his letter might have had some weight. in-
stead it appears as a stringing togcthcr of
unexplained and ambiguous rhetoric. l’or—
tunatcly lhcrc scents a clear underlying
ideology. thus allowing some form of
discussion.

Carroll sccms to be a staunch ltrrlrsozfuirc
capitalist. it is unfortunate that he lacks
nnrch in political sophistication. This comes
out when. jnw agape. he breaks the news
that much of the Socialist Party Platform
from 1928 has been “incorporated into
Amcrlcon domestic policy.“ He obviously
cxpccls us to be as horrified by this

' discovery as he no doubt was whcn it was

broken to him. In reality his statement

. mcrcly rniscs lhc t'undnmcnlnl qucslion: So

what?

Although hc sccs Socialism in. nu obvious
cvll to bc :tvoidcd an all costs (spccrrc of
"jusrit'iuhlc and ncccsszu)” llllL‘lCtll"\\'ili‘).
many of those uhri hnvc tnkcn llic limc to
Chllllllllc polilicril syxtcms would wonrlcr an
his vlcw. it is inlcrcsling than lhc “prcvious-
ly dominant vicu of tin: limilcd rolc of lhc
govcrnmcnl“ thln (ltlrroll sccms lo pinc for
is n brutnl syslcm both in lhcory and prac-

und approximately _

lice. Perhaps humanitarianism and people
are not as important as corporate proﬁts to
Mr. Carroll.

He later mentions how FDR failed to
“respond to the historic need of the
American people . . . for opportunity. self-
dcvclopmcnt. and advancement without
rcslrictivc regulations. burdensome ‘in-
lcrvcnlion. and a disincentive-based lax
structure": the Very mode of (non-) govern-
ment which nllowad the country to sink into
the depression. Strange how that depression
seems to have slipped the author's mind. its
existence points to the failure of the form of
government he sccms to bc championing.

Perhaps Carroll would claim that FDR's
policies were no morc successful and only
the advent of World War II ended the
depression. But then he must be reminded
that at that time wage and price conlrols
were enacted. Sure signs of a free capitalist
society at work? 1 don‘t think so!

It is disgusting to see FDR castigated for
the "moral bankruptcy" of the "intern-
ment of Japanese Americans." while not
one word is dedicated to Hiroshima rind
Nagasaki (whcrc allegedly the bomb was
dropped simply to see it' it-would workli,
nor of the flrcbombing of Drcsdcn. Ap-
parently mass murder of citizens is illl right
if it is thc result of the mililrtry—imlustrinl
complcx‘s war machine.

Perhaps this is the mechanism hc fcll
should llavc been used to gel lhc strlisfnc-
tory results that didn‘t cumc out of Ynliu.
Sounds likc a brilliant idea! Ami whcrc
docs Carroll come up with lhc gall to speak
of political nnivctc rind Opp'cssiun by the
Sovici Union in Poland whilc spcnking of
America “as the lcntlcr ol‘lhc Free World."
Perhaps he is too politically naive to
understand the United States' opprcssion of
the peoples of [El Salvador. Guutcmrlln,
South Africa. and others around the world.

There is one point upon which Mr. (“or-
roll and l firmly agree: it is time for "all
Americans to fundamentally rethink the
federal government‘s legitimate role in the
lich of private citizens, and thc obligation
of the United Slalcs as the leader of the
Free World." l'd suggest we slart by over-
coming lhc brainwashed‘closcdmindcdncss
so well shown by that lcllcr‘s author. it is
little to bcgin to realistically and morally cx—
uminc the question of the relative impor—
tancc of human rights vs. the almighty
dollar and how this conflict affects our
lives.

—— Sid Muskll

 

Able to Criticize

 

To the Editor:

Mr. Flclchcr presents an extremely strong
argument in his Pro-ROTC cdilorinl
(January 29). He says. "I full to see where
its (ROTC) power to rcstrict academic
freedom lies." Hc lhcn goes on to prove.
and vcry convincingly. that he is indeed
blind. Mr. Fictchcr fails to distinguish bet-
ween intended and unintended ends. but.
for one so passionately involved in ROTC.
this is ii difficult distinction to make.
Therefore. we must forgivc him his crror
rind. at the same time. try to set him
straight.

it would be absurd as it would be wrong
to claim that the military is tlclivcly trying
to subjugnlc its cndcrs to think in a
“military way"; it is not ‘tnrcasonnbic. and
not zrllogclhcr cmpirn rly lllilL‘Clll’illc. lo
mnkc ihc clnlm thrn lit rcsult of ROTC
training is ;. high thngt l‘ likc-mindcdncss
of its camels.

lI ‘nould also or: trhsurt. lo rtrguc that the
public high schonh of this country urc uc-
lively trying to make their sludcnls stupid
and unclilicnl. though ll would not he ub-
surd to nrguc that most of tlrcir sluutnrs
wind up in Iltis sorry sllnc. Somconc cullcd
Wcs. l’olnl Military Academy lhc third hcsl
high school in the ncighlmrhnod; pcrhnps
than is bcctmsc its slurlcnls gruduulc stupid
and uncritical.

—- Richard l.cr..:.—

Youth Aged \

Whenever groups ofyoung people gather in dissent, they're often told. “Wait
‘lill you grow older and see the real world. You'll abandon your radical
dreams.“ There are some people these “mature adults" should meet.

Elwin Powell is a SUNY Buffalo professor who’s been around for a few
years. In the dawn of the ‘60's, Powell lcd teach-ins on the growing war in Viet
Nam. It seems that Elwin was too busy leaching sociology and learning life to
listen to the people telling him to abandon his progressive hopes.

He was arrested early yesterday morning when he refused to leave SUNY Buf-
falo’s Squire Hall. Buffalo‘s administrators are closing Squire, the campus
center at that university. to build a dental school.

But Elwin and a bunch of other people see more than a good smile behind
Squire Hall's closing. The U8 administration is planning to spread campus
groups all around the massive Amherst campus. The administrators hope that
physically scattering campus activists will scatter the solidarity UB students have
dcvcloped since the radical days of lhc ‘60’s. ,

However, the administrators forget about people like Elwin. Elwin didn't
forget how easily administrators postpone. lhcn forgot. promises like the pro-
misc to build a new student union in two years. The many students who have
tired of dealing with slirncy adrninislralorfs such as Buffalo's won't forget.
either.

Arnic and Margrct were too busy opposing McCarthy’s witch hunts of the
‘50‘s to listen to the folks encouraging them to abandon their dreams of
frccdom. peace. and justice. Arnic is disappointed with the rcpclitivcncss of
modern politics. though. “in the ‘50's we worked for academic frccdom,
against nuclear weapons. and against the draft."

Mnrgrct adds. “In the ‘80's. we're still working for academic freedom. and
against nuclear weapons and the draft. Nor than we’re borcd — we could just
stand SOl‘l‘lC brand new issues. And I wish thcsc pcoplc would stop telling me to
wait ‘iill I grow up and scc whoi thc rcer world's like."

Arnie. :1 pediatrician, und Margret. a doctor of psychology. live in the real
world. The real world of hcniing sick children and sick minds. Elwin livcs in the

real world of looking through lics. Thcir critics livc in the fantasy of suburbs. '

TV. and supply-side economics.
'Now who needs to grow up?

Man Over Machine

Today’s ASP looks it liltlc different than usual. Our typesetting machine
broke down yesterday afternoon. and I just about shit. This is only my third
issue as Editor. and I didn't know where to turn.

Libby Post calmcd me down zmd strnighlcucd mc out. Marilyn Moskowilz
came out of rctircmcnl to typc cvcry word you're reading here. And some ex-
ASPics.— Stcvc Dzinunka. Spcncc Rttggio, and John Hodges — saved our butts
by providing us with n lypcsctlcr and thc cncouragcment not to give up.

My apologies to the many people 1 cnllcd in my frenzied state trying ') get this
paper set in type. i cspccinlly apologize to Steve Rogowski of U:livc:sily Type
for getting him out of bcd to answer my stupid questions.

Now if i could just gcl a damn rcpair person to fix lhrn typesettcr . . .

— 0.1!.

Editorial. 

 

and
(Maxim

Established In 1016

 

Dean 3811. Edrlol rn Chrel
David Thanh-uni. Managing Ednnr

News Editors. .
Auocilte News Editor: . . ..

ASPoctIEdllnr . .. .. .  .
Anoci-la ASPncis Editor . . . .,...
Vlllon Edllor . . . . . . .

. .... Judln Elsnnbctn.Wnyna Pnnrnboom
. .... Both Bonsm. Lisa Mtrnhnlla

... . . . .Anrtrow Carroll
. Michnol Brandes
. . Mark Roaster

  

Sports Editor . . . . .. . . .. . . . . . . . . . Larry Kuhn .
Associate Sports Editors . . . . . . .. Mlchaol Carmen. Mark Gcenr-r

Editorial Pages Editor . . . . . .. . . . . . ..... . .. Eden Lovtno

Copy Editor. . . . . ... .. ....... . ..Jnck Durschlau

Editorial Aulsloni: Bruce .1 Lovy stall wrllent: Bob Botlaliorn. David Brooks. Kon Cantor. LorI Cohen. Hayes
Dansky. Hubert-Kenneth Dickey. Jim Dirun. Brit Fischer. Mark Flscholli. Marc Gasnnr. Root Ginsberg. Kan Gor-
rion. Stovn Gossoll, Steven A Groonbnrg. Mark Hammond. Marc Haspnl. Dabble Judgo. Kathy Klasnno. Cralp
Marks. Susan Mllllqan. John Moran, Mont-lino Pascunci. Slnvon Poppnr. Sylvia Saunders. Durham Schindler.
Mnrk Schwun. Both Sumr. Susi-n Smith. .insston Trondwuy, Jessica Whttobook. Spaclrum and Evanll Edllor:
noisy Cornplsi Zodiac and Preview Editor: Lisa Mirabella

ﬁonnlo Slovene. Ht/slnoss Manager
Jun-l Dulluu. Advoll/slng Manager
David Neill leko. Sales Manager

.... Hedy Brodnr. Judy i3 Santa. Karon Sardoll
. . . . . . . .. Arlene Kailowllz
. Marta Gerbarlno

Billing Accountants . . . . ..
PIyroIlSuparvlmr .. .
Cluelllod Man-nor

Composition Manager .. .. . ... .... ... .. ..Dav|dW.Bock
Assistant Sales Manager: Frank Josnph Gil. Jt.. Advertising SI u. even Golden. A row Horn. Mlnoy
Snnulmnn. John Trmnno. Advertising Production Managers: Susan Ktrplan. Dtnnne Glacoto. Advertising Produc-
tion: Michr-Ik: ltnrownl anri Mt-nneisohn. [lion Slotniolrt. Mollssa Wnssorman. Olllco Stall: Jennliot Bloch.

Ellun Fri-.tnln

   
 
  
 

   

David W. Dock. Produnmrn Manager

Chtnt Iypusoltur I. . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . .. ,. .. .Carul Bury
Pirate-up: Ann anh. Carla Sam Typlnts: Jtniy Arnorier. Lynrto ilanvonuto. ary Burke. Marlo Garbatlno.
Snot-unlit” ttlutn. lmrnlyn Ll'vlltl'. (:nttnr ityau. anr Sluhi Chauiieur: Marthe Molnar

 

 

ilm Athany l‘mrumri From. I:- published uvr-ty Tuesday and Friday during the school your by the Albany Student
l’ll":.h Corporation, an tlulunullllorll nut-tor-proin torporollon. Editortnls are written by lhu Editor in Chtul wtlh
rnurnlzets ot lln- [diurnal Donut policy rs subject to ruvtow by tho Editorial Board. Advertising policy dons not
unconstme rullect arrirtorlul policy

 

 

 

   

 

 

   

E,

2-3 mzcmen

