  
 
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
  
 

   

     
   
  

 
  

   
 
  

  

 
 
  

  

 
   
 
 

 
  
 

 

 

doc 040m10>

Ulhl

NG‘OI‘

 

eter Sliaffer's Equus Is one of the
most demanding and ambitious
plays for a college theatre depart-
ment to attempt It is a play which requires
concentration. preCIsioti. and tiiost of all.
passion. The SUNY'A Tiieatre
Department's production of tiqurrsyrises to
thisheitgisttandgps's'r c.5915? safety; ..

Donna MacMillan

Direar William A Leone stresses the
ritualistic elements of Shaffer's play from
the beginning. when the actors file in and
take their seats It is .it once ritualistic and
theatrical. The effect is heightened by Rich
Keperberg's cltiitt'itgtiipltt,‘ of the horses
who form tlte «enter of Alan Strong's ivor-
ship.

Peter Bennett ileiiwis .in outstanding
performance as Martin Dysart. the
psychiatrist toin l)\'l\\L‘t'll “curing” Alan or
leaving hint to his passion. painful tliouglt It
may be. Bennett unifies the play tlirouglt

 

 

 

 

 

his relationship to the otlter characters. The
character of Dysart is the nucleus of lz'qrnis.
similarly. Bennett is the nucleus of the cast.
drawing a fine performance froiti each ac-
ll"

in contrast to Dysart's controlled ex-
terior. Brian McNainara‘s Alan Strung is all
raw emotion and nerve. He is by turns
taclturn and taunting, baiting Dysart with
both his silence and his outbursts. As a
result. the exchanges between the two are
electric. Through McNamara's visceral per-
formance. one experiences Alan's anguish
aitd ecstasy.

Mary McCormick delivers a strottg per-
formance as .llll Mason. the girl ivho is
essentially Alan's link to the horses and the
catalyst for his blintlirig them. Although
her British accent is occasionally weak. it
does not detract from her portrayal of a girl
who Is healthy and happy without being
entirely devoid of passion. McCormick Is
entirely at ease and confident on stage. In
contrast to McNamara's nervous tension.

As Alan's parents. Frank and Dora
Strang. Jerome Hartley and Maud
Hamilton Pantaleonl are well matched.
Hanley conveys the essence of the red-
laced working class Englishman. bitter in
his disillusionment with society as em-
bodied In church. state. attd media.
Panteleoni's Dora provides a fragile con-
trast; at the same time. however. she
displays quiet strength mixed with despair
which culminates in confrontations with
both Alan artnd Dysart Frank Straiig cori~
tributes to Alan's fear throirgli his basically
authoritarian treatment. while Dora's
religious teaching provides the basis for
Alan's ritualistic worship. Yet neither
character can be held responsible for Alan's
actions. Hanley and Panteleoni portray
confused and weak human beings whose
love for their child ls undoubtedly genuine.
If perhaps misdirected. They are not
without sensitivity.

Joyce Strolle is excellent as Hester
Salomon. the magistrate who brittgs Alan
to Dysart for treatment. Strolle's Hesther is
warm and well-meaning; she cannot com«

 

 

 

uu - d

preherid Dysart's agony because her objec-
tlve concerning Alati is different. She wants
to see him well and adiusted to society; her
concern is real.

Each character brings his or her own
perspective to the concept of normalcy.
atid the relatively minol characters are no
exception. Harry l)alton. played by Martin
A. Blanco. is the stable owner whose
horses Alan has blinded lie views Alan its
sortie kind of monster who should be lock-
ed up. his perspective is necessarily biased
against Alan by his personal loss. Blaiico
gives .i solid performance as l)altnrt As the
Nurse. who remains nameless throughout
the play. lhldy Linn is almost completely
non‘iudgemental Alari is simply another
patient to be cared for, and Linn fulfills the
Nurse's fuitctioii briskly and ably. She
tends to Alan's needs. reports anything
unusual to Dysart. and comforts Alan
when he is frightened.

The horses. portrayed by Rory Scott
Healy. Jack Ali/o. Eric A. iiltanii. Timothy
Matthew Reilschneider. Ken Rluo and
Jamie Sarnicola. are breathtaking They
walk upright. wearing stylized horse masks
arid hooves. symbolizing Alan's horse-
man-god Equus The ritual of donning the
masks is silient, but effective; they move
with the solemn synchrontarition of a drill
team. They capture the equine
characteristics supetbly; when .Jill carries
the imaginary body of one horse. Nugget.
Rory Scott Healy's upper body tenses and
quivers with the pleasure of beltig groom-
ed. Healy Is also amusing as the Horseman
who gives Alan his first horseback ride.
Finally. when Alan reenacts the blinding.
the grotesque ballet of the wounded
animals is riveting.

The set by Robert T. Donnelly is spare
and purely functional and follows the
specifications set by Shaffer. Donnelly Is
also responsible for the extremely effective
lighting. The costumes were designed by
Amy Koplow: like the set. they are func‘
tioiial and effective. yet striking. in addi-
tion. director Leone departs from the tradi-
tional proscenium stage and surrounds the
platform with tiers of seats. intensifying
Alan's sense of constantly being watched.

Please be advised that there Is nudity
featured in the play which is integral to one
scene. The nudity. which involves the
characters portrayed by McNamara and
McCormick is maturely and tastefully
hattdled However. if you are offended by
nudity oti stage. then think about your
decision to see the play.

The entire cast and production staff Is to
be congratulated for their courage in at-
tempting this play and their combined
talents in bringing it off witlt grace and
power. ffqinis runs through October |() at 8
pm. with a matinee at 3 pin on Sunday.
October l7. and again from Tuesday Oc-
tober l‘) throirgh Saturday October 23. also
at 8 pin. The production is in the Lab
Theatre on the second floor of the Perfor-
ming Arts Center. For more Information
and or ticket reservations. stop in at the box

office or call 457 Motto. i

 

‘ e

yaw-sir - H

 

 

perspective and I don't find the
I.

    
   
 
   

he Normal Is the good smile in a

I child's eyesvall rigltt. it Is also the

dead stare In a rnlllion

adults."Thus Martin Dysart. the psychiatrist

in Peter Shaffer's "Equus" presents the
center theme of his conflict.

Donna MacMillan
__Ar—tlsfln_resk.lc7nce Hrlw‘tiéﬁeri aim;
the psychiatrist who is faced with the dif-
ficult task of treating the boy Alan Strang In
SUNYA‘s production of "Equus." Mr.
Bennett is an alumnus of SUNYA. com-
pleting a BA in English and an MA in
Psychology. He was a practicing
psychologist for several years. He has
directed numerous productions at
SUNYA. such as “Endgame”. "Godspell".
“The First Barefoot Dancer". and "Boys in
the Baird" Iti addition in his multifaceted
career as an actor and director.

[had the opportunity to talk to Mr. Ben-
nett about his role as Dysart. He views
Dysart as an increasingly disillusioned
psychiatrist who is not content with what
therapy does for people Dysart cannot
create Passion: he cart only destroy It.
Dysart's conflict lies in the dilemma of
treating Alan. who has a foriti of worship
Dysart has never known. He cart remove
Alan's pain. but only at the cost of of Alan's
sense of worship. Dysart's dilemma is also
his responsibility. He Is unhappy with his
decision to take away Alan's pain because
he must also destroy Alan's Passion

Brian McNamara. who portrays the
young boy who has blinded six horses In
the stable where he works. was also pre-
sent at the interview. He sees Dysarl's
responsibility frottt the perspective of those
who placed Alan in Dysrirt's care. Alan
thinks that Dysart has to make him Normal:
he feels ltL‘ has not other choice

Mr McNamara agrees with Mr
lienni'tt's feelings on the concept of ‘iioi»
inrilcy ' "Remember , Dysart says it is ‘tlie
Average mode letlial'. " said Mr lienni-tt
"l)ysatr doesn't know what ‘norinril' I‘i lint
he doesn't want i‘liililii-ii to het'oiiti'
itllllilltiIltill‘r patterned after ll cardboard
standard /\ healthy person is happy with
his life, prodni tive on his \vork. happy With
his sexuality. capable of intimacy and
enthusiasm he is capable of galloping lie
is not a printout of what is an average per-
son. many of whom are unhappy."

“liquus” is a play which certainly lends'
Itself to psychoanalytic iiiterpretatloti. i
asked Mr. Bennett if he fell such a perspec-
tive was valid.

“I've read a lot of the published studies In
psychiatric and psychological )ournals
which were written with a psychoanalytic
woo

.0

Brllll McNamara in Alan Stung confronts Illa od

 

       
   
   
      
   
  
 
   
      
     
     
   
   
    
      
 
     
  
  
 
  
 

)ective.Tlie statement of the play is
threatening to the profession and i don't
find them very valid. 1 thliik a lot of
itumanlsttc and existentiallst approaches to
counseling would endorse the fplay's)
statement."

As the director of the play. William A.
Leone offers other insight into Dysart arid
“Equus.” When asked why he chose
“Equus”. he responded that it Is one of the
most theatrical plays In existence. aitd
compared it on some levels to Greek
drama.

"it's a play that really speaks to today.
not In cliche terms. but in particular with
the computerization. Industrialization arid
dehumanlzation of people . it's one of the
few times these issues are addressed in
human terms." '

Mr. Leorte feels the play ls about passion
and instinct vs. the normal and conforming
to something which is not the individual but
rather the mass. Alan's pain ls his own
pain. and the doctor is trying to take it
away. Mr. Leone views the normal as be
ing quiet. riot speaking out. not having In-
dlvldual expression of spirit. This Inter-
pretation of what is normal drainatlzes
Dysart's character; externally. he is “nor~
mal," while internally he struggles with his

 

 

   

conflicting passions and sense of duty.
Dysart knows that he will never gallop.

Mr. Leone sees "Equus" as being
prirrtarily Dysart's play. with the character
of Alan serving as a catalyst. Dysart's pas-
sion Is cerebral. not visceral. He is bitter
over his need to take away the unique ex-
pressions of self. His pain lies in his feeling
that he is striking at heads in the dark. In
the ettd. he is brought face to face with the ‘
empty success of his own technical skills i
He replaces passion with nothing; he
transforms Alan Ittto another faceless l
number. a member of the crowd. i

Other SUNYA productions to Mr l
Leone's credit are "Ashes." “The Private l
liar" and "A Funny Thing Happened on ‘
the Way to the forum " (‘ertirinly nothing
could he farther from the lighthearted
mayhem of "Foiniii" than the complexities
of “lirpiiis‘”. With "l"oiiitit". Mr
began with it precise external ioiistruct
which inii-iical
"litttttts", III] the other hand. developed
from the inside out. starting as rttl idea. a
nugget from which the reli‘ilionship bet
ween the characters. particularly Dysart
and Alan. grew.

“Equus” cart be seen as a statement
about the harnessing of the individual and
the blurring of the unique human spirit into
the morass of the average. It speaks of the
necessity of pain which must accompany
passion. for although on can exist without
Win.- It Is r'iqritvtng. it tsnoi galloping: , E) l

l.i'iriii‘

coalesced Hill) the

   
  
   
   
        
    
     
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
  

s it; e. The majority of the song fades d

*_. lira

  
  
 
  
 

 

 

  
  
    
   
   
    
    
     
     

id to care.

  
  
   
   
   
      
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
    
   
 
    
   

  
 

 

 

 

h wow. I really dig your belt bot-
.. toms man. Like. they create this
beautiful space around your legs
u know. There's like this cosmic har-
ony of color and beauty on your thighs
an." “Piss of]. My pants are black-
onochromaltc. total absence of light.
nd they aren’t bell bottoms either you
of."
"Wow. like I can't dig your hostilities
an. Bad ulbes. You're going to screw up
- ur karma. "
Drop Dead. I dog't care: "

 

‘lamian VanDenburgh

 

The 60'5Fryemagi) ﬁjimier liizarie
rnbinatiun and one that The Psychedelic
rs almost pull off. In a November '80
ue of Rolling Stone. Richard Butler, lead
. itllSl for the Furs. cited the Doors. The
lvet Underground. Syd Ratri't's
member him?) Pink Floyd and and
wkwlitd as influence-i Maybe on lltt‘ll
t .ilbuni aptly titled The I’suclri-iiirii.
' and just barely on their \t't oiid .ilbirtn
li. Talk, 'Iulk. but not on thin ltt'u
iiiti I-‘orr'ner NUII'
u iid not great. htit «errors to be .i watered
vii product of lllt'll lIlIlI-tl Iiilt'llllttll ("We
't change the twilii ieitli inii».ii All m-
ti do is open iii-tipli '- eyes "l l'liirin i-. i

The new .tll‘lllli it

sound llfillt the l ills i n llllli illlllllll.
tii'ititiiily not one new t’liltlitllt lIl "open
plus eyes
'l’he Fins like to dos. iilii: their \Itllilll m
iutiful chaos.” l filt'tl‘th’ if .i lt'ilti like
titty" can he .ipplii d to a state of tho: i'-.
itlteii musk is. a decent .ippii,~.\itit.itiorr

this mixture "‘ilet'p Comes Down" is
aiitifully chaotic. but never at the satire

arre. crescendo of cello. drums and bass

  

reﬂect the Furs attitude about love. "Oh.
and yes. i want you.” it seems like an after
thought and It reads like an army recruit-
ment poster. This is bolstered by the chorus
line hovering in the background. "l'm wan-
ting the air over you.”

This Is the crux of the problem with The
Psychedelic Furs - their attitude. (For me.
it's the problem for others. It's the lustlfica-
tlon for listening to them.) They want
things their way and they see no room or
need for compromise. "There's an ar-
my/On the dance floor/it's a_fashion/W|th

 

 

 

problems begin to arise. The Psychedelic
Furs have set up a big task for themselves-
to capture the essence of the psychedelic
generation of the 60's and then erase the
peace/love attitude and replace it with the
pessimism of the 80’s. while retaining that
initial essence-(l'm being Intentionally
vague).- Forever Now Is good - not great
(where have I read that before?) but a step
in the wrong direction. As the late. great
fan Curtis of Joy Division said in “Heart
and Soul". “The past is now part of my
future/The present Is Well out of hand."

 

.
a
{ ilds to a frenzterl peak that is never
checl before the song Completely fades.
a troubling sound and a flttitig endlrig to
orig about waiting for a lover to show.
ome credit must be given to Todd Run:

 

Fgren who produced this album. There. he
s beneficial to the sound. but for the most

art. he's too busy tnessing around In his
9 of schticks. excuse me. tricks to be
[Luch of a benefactor.) “Yes. 1 Do" Is the
'st soitg on the album and the best exam-
' of “beautiful chaos". it‘s a driving song
'lth a full. occasionally atonal sound. On

 

this song. the Furs realize their intetittons In

pening people's eyes." The sound is en-
mpassing and abrasive, while the lyrics

ue to it's vastness. Shea Stadium
might ttot be the optimum cott-
cert sight. but as soon as The
ho took control of the stage last Tuesday
ght. nearly 70.000 anxious people refus—

van Schwartz

 

 

' it?
he's standard opening one-two punch.
'ere cortcise, and highlighted by Pete

 

ese guys.
The stage was huge and fronted by the

 

91"“

.t gun my love/In a room/Without a
door/A kiss is not enougli/ln/Love My
Way/It's a new road." Sure. "a
room/without a door" is a scary. effective
Image (dare i say “groovy”) but i don't
think that way. attd if you don't like it.
they‘ll force you to submit. "Forever Now".
“President Gas" and the dreadful “Good-
bye” are brooding dirng that don‘t let up
until you a.) decide that you like the song.
or b.) skip to the next song.

There‘s nothing wrong with extremism-it
can be a health thing. But when air ex-
tremist attitude becomes the medium of ex-
pression rather the actual inedlum (In this
case. music) that the artist is working In.

three letters which spell the group's name.
The lower portion of the “H” hosted the
performance while the upper portion held
a massive screen displaying an iii-time
video of the concert. The screen acted as a
glattt binocular and was a great asset to the
more remote viewers. (in the future. more
arid more large attractions will probably
utilize the satne concept).

The following portion of the show was
dominated by songs from “It's Hard." The
Who's new LP. The album is good for-
tunately more reminiscent of the old Who
craftmanshlp than their previous studio
release. “Face Dances " lti concert. the
album's title track included l)altrey on
rhythm guitar; a rare sight. “Cry If You
Want" was surprisingly one of the more in-

.
i
l i
l

  
       
        
          
   
   

 

 

     
  

 

   
   
    
    

Speaking of tltiitgs being "well oitt of
hand". Rottieo Void has anew ‘ilbuni call-
ed Benefactor. I sincerely hope that
Debora lyitll is not claiming the title of
benefactor for herself or her hand tvitlr this
album. She's hardly helping anybody with
this effort (a word I use very lightly lit this
case.)

Believe me. it pains me to wiite this
about Romeo Void's second albitttt (dis-
counting their l{.l’.. Neuer Say Neucr).
Their first It's A Condition was a truly
amazing album. Hilarious. bold and brutal-
ly honest. it created a new genre of music
dealing with love. Their bartd name and
album title only hinted at what the album

he Who Sell Out

dulgently performed numbers of the even-
ing. However. and rightly so. it was ob
vious that the audience would have been
more content with additional Who classics.

During “Behind Blue. Eyes." the feeling
you had to possess as the audience sang
along. “But my dreams. they aren't as
empty as my conscience seems to be/l
have hours. only lonely/My love Is
vengeance. that's never free." was ab-
solutely overwhelming.

Prior to this time. In order to symbolize
their friendship. annsliend strolled over
and kissed Daltrey on the cheek. Unfriend-
ly Incldentes in previous years. culminating
wltlt an onstage confrontation between the
two. received considerable attention frottt
the rock press. Since then. 'l'ownshend has
reformed from alcoholism. (although their
disagreements weren‘t only 'l‘ownshend
prevoked) and. of late their relationship
has been more stable.

When the group sang”l'lnpe I die before
I get old.” within “My Generation." you
had to question theli credibility lite Who
are old; at least lit terms of rock bands.
They‘ve been singing that same old litre
since 1965 when It was the inspiring att-
them of British and American youth. They
do however. l8 years and 16 albums later.
realize this. In fact. l)altrey referred to The
Who as “dinosaurs” in a recent MTV Inter~

lvtew........ ..  .,  
A r

 

ti -

 

contained and their cultural success ohly
hinted at what the future held for them.
Meanwhile. across thousands of miles,
one Ric Ocasek. evil mastermind of the
stalled Cars. hatched up a nefarious plot to
kidnap these innocent kids (Peter Woods-
guitar. Benjamin Bossl on saxophone.
Frank Zincauage on bass and Larry Carter
on drums) and lock them up in his studio In
Boston. and make them play music the
Ocasek way-big on drums. small on In-
terest. Under the grueling conditions,
Romeo Void could only eek out 4 songs.
This was enough for the ever plotting
Ocasek arid the E.P. NL’UL‘I' Say Never was
released. .lust as he planned. Never Say
Neucr was a dance floor hit. and the Void
kid's first album went unnoticed One rainy
night the band escaped irotn the studio and
returned once inoie'inio the free world
Unfortunately. lllt ir initial spark of creattvi
ty and vitality liarl lll‘t'll illlr|~llt'(l by the
Initial hittin of that ht .ist iii lliw tot. Alone

with nothnut on ll'I’ litll' 'itli but the hi il.'tt|‘.

itself, they return-vi iii
Burton and lf'ltillll'l Ift'llt'fflt tor
utoiy l‘lll for tlii’ til i t3

twrilly taming tlic tlt-lltl they em itftt'll‘ :Ilvl

A s id

Ill I'ii-’

tiii'tiitkl)

tliiti‘i‘t'i't till i l'l’l’ r.i ‘l. .t l'ii.'ir tii
livll‘iitllll cut 7“ iii ii- li i‘tidiit: .‘3I‘li -.
.tti .tll llll‘ of iii ll "l l.t .l ‘li. til ‘ II'I - .ii.r .-..,
.rnil ‘(tr.iiige" --i- wt.- l‘\‘r ill. . tilliltl .it
li.i\t!i.ii-ilii1 l-‘t on r i ~iiiii llI-‘iii tti kl lir
innli intlrt' l l’l- i‘i.i‘i: ‘ll‘l\l»l.|"$ illlil
tint! liitni songs (tl unit «l we lllt’l ivf thew

trip... it 1.. Mosaii”
lkl-ll-lll' \iu‘ati'u” ii'

ioiiilrini'if ionipaii' tr
"Loy. is [\‘t illness"
"(‘onlioiitatiiin" lain-ii aiiitnlinly from tli-.-Ii
first tllliltllt lint l ivoiililii't twpei t them to

I hate to paint a bail pictinir of this ‘

album
Worry; the cover art on this album is terrible
enough without itiy fititihltng hands adding
to it. For those brave for blind) enough to
buy the album. lillﬂ' it look at Debora lyall's
self portrait on the inside sleeve. A girl
looking away entbai‘assed or depressed is
having her hair pulled away so that her face
Is turned back to where she was looking.
Let's hope the hand is her nwtt or some
benefactor who is willing to get her on the
tight road again~any road that leads away
froiti Boston. l'm already having
nightmares about Debora and company
walking out on stage. the band starting to
play "Shake It Up" and Debora turning to
the crowd and saying "we'd like to do a
song by The Cars." [J

This concert tour.which as expected. is
selling seats swiftly and grossing enormous
revenues ls being billed as The Who‘s “first
farewell tour." According to the band. this
translates Into meaning that they will con-

. tInue to record. and perform occasionally

but not for extended periods of time.

As the evening bitilt momentum. drumer
Kenny Jones and the sometimes overlook-
ed but extremely talented bassist. ilohn
Entwlilstle. provided tight and intricate
rhytltyrns for the band to consistently
generate one great song after another
amazing sotig.

A powerful "Who Are You" preceded a
“Pinball Wizard/See Me. Feel Me/Llstenv
Iirg To You“ medley. from theirka opera
"’l‘ommy". which built Into a dramatic
crescendo. Two songs from The Who‘s
most cerebral album “Qiiadrophenia"
followed. "5:15" and "Love. Reign O'et
Me."’Next. “Long Live Rock" conveyed Its
message. I

Ah If all this wasn't enough. the opening
synthesizer Ilfl of "Won't Get Fooled
Again" broke out iii the stadium. Although
this masterpiece Is drastically overplayed
on album radio. Its spiralling instrumenta-
tion which gradually builds up to the ento-
tionally poignant. singular Daltrey scream
followed by Townsbend's frantic power
chords. is. maybe debatedly. the best mo-
menttn.llviairack"nrolt.. to... .»  “Ell.

 

. r k- ' ‘,":‘ It's-.3;

illing The Psychedelic Void

'»\.ii: iii ‘utiiilt -.~, 'li.

ilt wmn' ‘

Unfortunately. I don't have to?

 

Mach mu dno oadeOD

 

 

i

i

i
i

 

i

 

 

 

