 
 

   

I,
i..
l
t

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Pagergadltereh  1r9.82rr

abcis 

l thought the so‘called Wimp Decade ended with the Carter Administration — not that i
love our current president (he said a wee bit too apologetically). lt'sjust that deep down i do
feel Shane is a better role model for today's kids than Dick Van Patten or Alan Alda. Which
brings us to today's issue of 'Spects. and my topic: Wimp Movies and the Ruth Gordon
Syndrome. __J

Let's head a‘few buckaroos off at the pass and explain that by "wimp" l'm not implylnEi
homophobia or the dreaded male chauvtnism. Nor does my condemnation of Ms. Gordon
mean me and the boys are headed Into town tonight for a bit of granny-bashing. "Wimp"
describes an artistic sensibility that allows for facile notions. simplistic messages. and overly
transparent ideas. rehashed and reformulated into neat. repetitive little packages for the
consumption of the masses. That. for instance. was a wimpy sentence. if i had any guts. l'd
stop trying to sound like i was assaulted by a thesaurus and would do some assaulting of my
own — of Neil Simon and Mark Rydell. mainly. the reigning kings of wimp.

But you know about Simon. who at last report is starting a cable network which will
broadcast only contrived overly. sentimental he’s written. it"s booked until 1987. Rydell Is
lesser known. but thanks to On Golden Pond no less a threat. Golden. as insiders call It (or

merely OGP. as it‘s referred to in some circles. in fact. the mere utterances of the syllable
"Ah" has whipped many a recent Hadassah luncheon into hysteria) Is my prediction for
Best Picture. It has everything one could desire in this age of wimps: Golden sun suggesting
the golden years on a golden lake. two teens caring for each other summer after summer
suggesting Hepburn and Fonda. or Hepburn and Fonda carrying on like two loons. l'm
never sure which. Either way. this is classic filme wimpe.

But weren't you moved by Henry Fonda‘s performance. that teary heart attack scene or
those bittersweet parlays with the little boy? l'm being asked that with frequency. and i still
say no. On Golden Pond was as thin as chicken soup.

Which brings us to the Ruth Gordon Syndrome. Ruth Gordon is of course that adorable
little old lady In those Brat commercials. acting bright and feisty as only Ruth Gordon can.
in fact. that's nearly all she has to do to earn her check and the adulation of audiences
everywhere. i suppose we're so impressed that she's alive at all. we give her a round of ap-
plause everytimeshe acts the way you wish your father wouldn't at family functions.

l grant you that Ruth Gordon is a harmless pasttime. Her performance in Harold and
Maude was a classic. as was her identical performance in Where's Poppa? And l'm not
knocking Henry for being nominated —— the man's one of our great national assets. But
there is harm when we begin to adjust our standards of what is quality and what is not after
noting the performer's age or infirmity. We lower our standards. and the writers lower
their's. Why craft a clever. subtle phrase when the obvious approach will do? All comedy
gets reduced to the level of situation comedy. which Is based on the humor in the cir-

 

 

 

cumstances and not that necessarily borne in the language.
if we allow Hollywood to get away with that. then we are a bunch of wimps.
l 1

“Get off your high horse." you're probably saying to yourself. "You're the ones who
thought Rory Block was a guy." Okay. don't get abusive. Tuesday's Aspects incorrectly

listed Ms. Block as Mr.. and we stand corrected. By the

way. Block will give a free perfor-

mance Sunday at 3 pm at the Albany Public Library. We hope you like her.

'Til Tuesday—

2a

3a

centerfold

     

 
 
 

as.

  

' insid e
Thin week. one and a halt pages of
Perspectives. with a liberal oprinki.
ing at two political views: right and
in right. Road “on the Beat" and "A
Closer Loolt."

Who nyo there's not a lot of lead
in the water? Bethany reaches out to
the community. and see where it
gets her. Sally and Johnny are lovers
— or are they? Ila-d “World Report"
and find out.

Critic-l writing. Aspects style: An ar-
ticle everyone else would have en-
titled “The Envelope, Please." but we
chowed rootroint by ripping oft
oomething totally dlﬂorent. Plus a
look at the also-ran lliclro of 1982.

Two characters in search of an
author:   Horne. showing
tonight " I"  at the PAC. is

ﬂ '7 "for one reviewer.

   
  
 
  

 

.  did Sight eocargot? A stolen
:bpt gory original sound in
I l. the Slugo. appearing in
I ' ‘_ tonight. Plus Morgan Fnlrchild

 

 

 

‘ got- expooed, while a Gallery exhibit
'could Inc a little covering up.

Another twioter from Beth
Sheila-n. along ’with Spectrum and
the Fruit. It all adds up to a lot of fun
on the Diversions page.

 

Mtge—Beet

“Viva La

 

Vlc tho Cop

 

The cries echoes throughout the streets of
this war«torn town as our APC (armored
personnel carrier) rolled through the front
gates of the president's mansion. Com.
mander Phillips from Covert Director's office
gives the command and we rush out.
machine guns blazing. killing off anything
that stands In our way.

We rushed up the front steps while the
marine attachment following behind us
knocks off a few snipers on the surrounding
roof-tops. We lunge a grenade at the huge
iron door and it explodes spewing dust and
fragments in every direction. A burst of
machine gun fire comes from within the
compound so we throw a few of the
fragmentary grenades (The good ones with
glass splinters.) They go off and there is
silence. We see a few soldiers stumble out.
holding their hands over their bleeding eyes.
One holds a white flag. pleading in Spanish
for us to stop fighting. “Parad! Paradl
Mtsericordial Misericordiaf"

The commander herds them off to a cor-
ner of the compound and we get the orders
to go in and get the president. President Ger-
nando Romeo Lucas Garcia. the scourge of
Reagan's efforts to paint a Clean picture of
these dictators. We find him huddled In a

on my trousers. getting them wet with his
pathetic begging and carrying on. Sounds
just like some of the kids i used to arrest in
Albany.

We got the word over the radio from the
advance force that the airport was secure
and the rest of the army that didn't go along
had been captured. The coup was a success.

l have come a long way from a beat cap a
few weeks ago. i am now. according to my
tentive title. bureau chief for the Army in-
telligence office here in Guatemala City.
That is. i am temporarily in charge until
Whashiugton can send down someone to
get things in order down here. like paying for
all these mercenaries from Mexico and
South Africa. They are getting very mean
since they haven’t been paid for over three
weeks now. But I tell them that Uncle Sam
will always pay up. After all. ever since Bay
of Pigs and Chile. we've never left out
anyone who did good by us.

Things will be a lot different now that we
have “our man" in the hot seat. The press
has been kept in the dark about his name
because. up until last night. we didn't have
one. But. after much searching. we found
Pedro Gomez Samoza. brother~ln~law to.
you guessed it. ex-Nlcaraguan President
Anastasio Samoza. His name is not the same
as that which has been released to the press
but. well. all these people look alike anyway.

I have been offered a position in a local
cotton mill as shop boss. it would be my job
to run an operation involving tnore than
10,000. Hi have to think it over though. You
see. even though the pay will be substantial.
$100,000 a year plus perks. i miss Delores
and Angela. l have spoken to them over the
phone but they both think its silly for me to
be running around the jungle. l'playing
soldier." as they put it. '

Well. if it weren't for people like me and
Al. that fascist general would still be in office.
And furthermore. if it weren't for the covert
forces here in Guatemala. Reagan would be
forced to reduce military support to such a
flagrant dictator. We made that mistake in
the past by supporting Samoza and the heat
he got from all those bleeding hearts was too
much. He had to withde aid and the next

 

 

corneruweeping. Me and Al grab him and
drag him 'u'utslflc.‘ He isstilj crying. Iratrglngi.

1 thing you know. POW!. Nicaragtta falls like a

 

 

box full of dominoes.

Well. thankfully. Reagan's cabinet is a little
more future oriented than Carter’s. We saw
what was happening and realized that we
couldn't very well keep Garcia in office and
still keep high ratings back in the U.S. So we
put in our boy. He isn't any type of Marx—
ist/Peasant supporter who'll wreck
everything in this country with an American
name on it. He's safe and predictable. That's
what we need. Someone we can count on
when we stage a full~scale operation in El
Salvador.

i just sent off a post card to Delores. i think
that after she sees the view from the
presidential retreat in the mountains. After a
view like that. who can resist.

Keep the shiny side up and the dirty side
down. Catch ya' next week (if i can grab the
telex lines again.).l:l

W

Liberal
Self—

ishness

Jonathan Milg'TH-r

I've always puzzled over the motivation of
people who claim to be "liberal." somehow
the beneficence. compassion. and
selflessness of their overt actions are just not
matched by their attitudes and methods. In
other words. I've never heard of an
outspoken liberal who wasn't a hypocrite.
u Oneﬂdictionary deftnttiorr of the Word
liberal is this: "broad~minded. tolerant;
.‘espec‘iallyi‘ notblo’und byy‘authorttari‘anism“

 

 

 

 

orthodoxy. or traditional forms." llvri' \u'
see the root of the liberal attitude: it‘ln’lliirli
against authority. “Question Authority" lt'illl
the buttons proudly worns by a typical ml
lege student.
1 Authority comes in all phases of llft'. .rt
-work. at school. at home; spiritually. llll'lllill
ly. physically. and socially. At all liiilt’rr il
should be closely scrutinized by those who
may be subject to it. and corrected if pmwtl
stifling or erroneous. There is. howmmr. .r
spirit of lawlessness inhabiting llltt'lrtllwlit
which rejects all traditional authority illr'tr'll.‘
because it is authority other than its own

As we'shall see. the ability to accept rlji
propriate authority may be the singlr-mmt
important human quality in determing unv'»
outlook on life. Those who chomp at flu' bit
Of any authority do this in favor of llit'li
favorite god. themselves. Unable to lit'llt'Vt'
that there could be any knowledge llliilt‘
authoritative than their own. their own ojn
nions reign supreme.

What makes this type of egotisrn rm Us
clusevely liberal attribute? The liberal gin“-
beyond being his own god; in his presump
tion he wants to be seen as God by nllir'!
members of society. This is the most rlrwp
tive and insidous type of selfishness. br'crrrrsr-
it masquerades as selflessness. This is the km;
to the liberal psyche; he follows the in)
[hopriate criteria which will make him up
pear loving. benevolent. concerned. and
nurturing. He is one of the enlightened few
who out of the goodness of their hearts .rn'
limiting out for the interests of the dmvntnnl
dun masses. In return. he enjoys the jitrhillttll
and esteem of being the savior of the pr't 'I’l“

This seems, however. like a rather r'ynir «il
View; how can we be sure the liberal isn't in!
1V l"Utivated by fervor for the welfare of fltt'
brotherhood (if man? The self t‘t'llll'ti'il rrt
titude of the liberal is the clearest givu away
it's often amazing to observe the pn-t/vl lrlu’
aontortions into which a liberal will twist tln‘
truth in order to serve his own irlurrlust‘r‘
Another sign is the petty. snide Illrlllllt'l in
which liberals attack their upponr'rrts. m. Il
"my Cannot conceive of a universe of rrirun
which do not center around their own will

DOGS this sound like the fuming-i of d

 

r 'Slrir

A (cpntinueld on tit‘xf nutty)

 

 

 

 

(continued from previous page)

frustrated conservative to you? Well. it‘s not
— in fact. i share in a number of allegedly
liberal views. But there are a number of
issues which aren't that clear-cut and liberals
still all line up on the same side. How did
protection of unborn children ever get to be
a conservative issue? Aren't the liberals sup-
posed to speak out for those whose voice
cannot be heard? Why is support of Marxist
revolutionaries a liberal tenet? Haven't they
seen the nature of these governments once
they come into power? The fact is. these
positions are taken solely because the
liberals unbridled spirit wants to overthrow
the nearest authority; in the aformentioned
traditional morality and
Us ~5upp0rterl governments.

So if you're a liberal. as most of us con-
sider ourselves, ask yourself the following
questions: Are you pompous? Are you
motivated by concern for others of concern
for your image? Do you practice what you
preach? Are you out there helping those you
say are so hurt by the Reagan cutbacks? Are
you doing it without hope of reward or
recognition or school credit? Do you
automatically stiffen up inside when con-
fronted with any type of authority? Did you
have trouble accepting discipline from your
parents? Do you believe any of your convic‘
tiorrs are subject to question?

if the self-proclaimed liberal can answer
those without any problem. then he's pro—
bably fooling himself.f_'_l

World R t

crises.

 

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

I] the sun re/use to shine,
fdon’t rrtind. i don 't mind.
if the mountains fell in the sea.

Let It be. it ain't me.
— Jimi Hendrix

The ashes of yesterday remain locked
within. hidden not far from view. Just far
enough so that one cannot see them. My
father's wounds i wear like a cross to be
borne. I answer with each act. with each
thought. with each whim the necessary
(and the not so necessary) questions of life
(my father's life.)

Manhood is not for the weak at heart.
the weak of mind. the weak of.spirit. lt
(manhood) requires more than you may
want to give (less than you are able to
give.) This is no one horse show. All levels
of human existence must and indeed are
compelled by the very life within their
hearts to move towards greater levels of
hu(man).

What pray tell does this mean to one
who is not so inclined? Perhaps now is the
best time to tell the tale of Sally and
Johnny.

Sally was a woman long before the
world was ready to accept her as such.
Johnny was the local misfit - at least he
didn‘t fit into any of the mores of this
particular town.

If one is to realize the importance of this
relationship. the best source of information
is to be derived from the characters
themselves.

"Sally . would you be willing to say a
few words about your relationship with

~v -——?" The voice lowers until it
completely disappears.

"Johnny was the only boy. . .no make
that mart. You see Johnny has this way of
making you feel warm and loved. but most
importantly. cared for. i bet this must
sound like sortie high school. corn ball
approach; then again it's the way i fegl.
Johnny sure is the best thing that ever

 

happened to rue."

“Sounds like Johnny has made a rather
large impression — correct me if l'm wrong
- upon you. What do you feel that the
time you have spent with Johnny really
means to you as a person? Do you feel
that having known this particular person
has made you a better person? Come on
Sally. tell us what it is that makes this guy
Johnny so special? Everyone else in town
thinks that this clown is a first class shit
with a capital "S".

“Just goes to show how little people
know. Johnny's weird. real weird. but I ask
what has he ever done to anybody? People
don't like anything different. You know it. i
know it. Everybody knows it. What's the
point. . .Johnny's right. people understand
what they choose to understand. And
that's all there is to it. People don't like
Johnny. Johnny don't like most people.
it's a draw as i see it. if Johnny does not
bother anybody. i don't see why people
want to get on Johnny's case for. . .this is
like going nowhere fast. Catch you in the
wind. Later baby. real late. . .ln the
distance Sally can be heard laughing.

"Well it's easy to see that Johnny has
one fair at least. I think now is the time to
ask Johnny what he thinks. Johnny. we
appreciate the time you are willing to
spend filling us in on just what makes you
tick. How about it. Johnny. don't you
think it's time to come clean?"

“l'm telling you. man. i was nowhere
near that place. Seriously. though. l'm
easy to comprehend; just don't bother to
try. it's not worth the trip you lay upon
yourself. Like nobody is anybody's
property. There is no such thing as a
society. law. justice. or any of the other
bogus tidbits of post Second World War
"culture." it given the choice between
freedom and slavery. history seems to
indicate that slavery always wins. if not to
god or God. than to man or woman or
thing; but there is nothing like the
love/hate trip we go through about
money. We want. but we don't want to
look like we want. A strange bag to be in if
you ask me. i may be weird.
different.. . .or whatever label you may
want to apply. but i know what I want. i
even know how to get what I want. i don't
get caught up in that authority trip. l'm
supposed to be a free human male. Born
free. . .why not live free. by the time l'm
dead it (being free) won't matter anymore.
But. if that's what makes you bed. you
certainly are entitled to sleep in that bed. I
just don't want to join you in that bed.

“That's nice to hear. Johnny. but who
gave you the right to decide you are above
the law? You're only one man. l'm sure

 

 

 

. rum," N \m. c...“ warms-crate» w’wtr‘n~~U—'-

. ‘m‘

uouum‘f mm no annsadsrad oroqd

you're not operating under the illusion that
you're. perfect. What makes you so special?
What makes Johnny the “King of the
hill??"

Johnny is only Worried about Johnny.
Nobody ever covers anybody's else's ass
for them. You live for you and only you.
You most certainly are the only one to die
for you.Sally and I get along because she
understands that you are always alone.
Other people only get in the way if you
involve them in your life. People are there
to be met or avoided. Personally i try to
stay out of other people's lives unless i
have reason to cross their paths. i don't
like looking for trouble. enough of it
(trouble) seems to find its way to me as it
is."

"Well there you have it. the story of
Sally and Johnny. A couple of oddballs if
l've ever seen one. But I must admit that
they do seem more committed to each
other than most people I know. Maybe
they do have something special after all.
Good night. . .this has been this time.
saying until next time."l'l

. . H
Many
Kid
Stuff

 

Bethany Goldoteln

 

i hate kids. "Aw. that's not fair." you
say. “you were a kid once." i feel i can
justify that. “i hated myself. i was a brat."
Okay? But that's in the past. After what
happened to me a couple of weeks ago.
you‘ll see why i abhor members of the pre-
pubescent persuasion.

it was about a month ago. i can't place
the axact date because it was snowing and
that seems to happen all the time here.
except when it's raining. l was scrambling
eggs for dinner. The doorbell rang. and
since i love almost any visitor. i let my
scrambled eggs burn to the pan so i could
answer the door. Two little girls with a
shovel between them ask, me if they can

' shovel my Walk.

 

 

 

March 26. 1982/page 3a
' ‘ #—

"Well. how much will it cost me?”
The taller one. a pathetically thin mybptc
with a moronic grin only stared at me. i ,

. had figured her for the leader. since she ,
~ was the taller of the two. so I directed my

question at her — but. as she continued to
stare and grin. l considered the possibility
that she might be slightly retarded. i looked
at the smaller girl. also pathetic. but kind of
cute. .

"Fifty cents." she answered.

"Each!" the myopic said. startling me.

l laughed. thinking. Oh! What great
business minds they have The Business
School can use them in about ten years.
“Okay.”

They did a pretty miserable job of it. but
that's okay. becaue the snow melted the
next day.

I thought that was the end. But it wasn't
— l created a monster. They kept coming
back for more. For example: The doorbell
would ring and l'd answer it. not expecting
the little brats on a school night. They
would say. "We came to visit."

"Well . . . uh . . . l'm studying."

"Can we do you any favors?". the
smaller one would ask. the myopic staring.
“Can we go to the store for you?"

"NO."

"Well. do you have thirty-five cents we
can borrow?"

“Well actually. l'm broke."

“Not even a quarter?"

“No. l'm broke. just ask my landlord. he
knows." I tried to look poverty stricken.
Really. I wasted some of my best acting
and excuses on them.

They not only bothered me. but they
asked my apartmentmates for handouts
too. One day. I found out they had come
in through the not-quite-closed door and
were half way up the stairs of my
apartment in rollerskates (i) and asked my
apartmentmate's boyfriend. who went to

investigate. if they could use the phone to
call their mother. He said. "i don't think
they have a phone." He told me the story
and i said “You should have pushed them
down the stairs." Thump. thump. thump.
thump. thump. thump. thump. Crumpled
forms at bottom of stairs . . . Stop it!
They‘re only little kids. sent by the devil to
irk me . . . Stop!

1 got a bad cold. so i decided to stay In
bed for a day. The doorbell rang. l ignored
it: it kept ringing. Okay. Joe or Judie is
locked out. l'll answer it. i grabbed my
robe a la Fred MacMurray in My Three
Sons and flung open the door. Who else
could It be? You'd think l'd know not to
open the door by now without seeing who
it is first.

“We came to visit."

"l'm sick. You got me out of bed. l'm
sick of you coming around and asking for
your damn hand-outs. You're getting to be
a pain in the ass." i slammed the door.
They rang the bell for about ten minutes
and then left me in peace. That's the end
of that. l gloated. it wasn't.

My ears were clogged. The doctor
recommended some non-prescription drug
I could buy at my corner drugstore. i
exited my house and the myopic passed
Il'li' on rollerskates. “Yuchi” she said. i
chuckled inwardly. but stopped when i saw
them stop to line up ahead of me on the
sidewalk. l passed them. silently. They let
me pass (thank God! l'm not even 5'3"
and i don't know if i could beat up three
little kids).

"Bitch!" they screamed. "Bitch! What's
her name?" "Bethany." "Bethany Bitch!"
Oh shit. people are staring. ignore them.
ignore them. "Bitch! Can't affort to buy
new pants!" l was wearing patched jeans.
“Bitch! Why don't you go to the
hairdresser! Get a new hairstyle. Your's is
ugly!" l was passing Natural Motion. 1 went
into the drugstore. "Bitch! She's going into
the drugstore to buy. drugs! She's a drug

‘- addictl" Shit. “Do you sell guns here?" i

asked. "What?" “Uh. Sudafed. 1 need to
buy Sudafed."

They were waiting for me when i came
out. “Bitch! You're so ugly you break
mirrors!" "Bitch. bitch. Whorel" Whore? I
didn't know that word when l was ten
years old. They chased me. ‘. did not walk

leave ‘the ho‘i‘r'se n0w.i'J

V faster. i kept my dignity. But l'm afraid to,

 

 

 

 

