 

~%‘—_ “ ‘ “ 2‘

1-“. V 13-. 1.12;: _

n.- \n‘-\ul‘»4

-v- ‘_
.. wt.I-"~- _..

Aw»... _ <- .— .-

.. 1....

m--..,c...._~.—. ... -. ..... .. ..  . . .... _.‘.

_ L

Danes bomb Ithaca College, 30-7

Pratt leads Ar'ban y aerial surge-

235 yards

 

 

WILL VUHMAN UPS

New Albany tight and, Jay Ennis. repositioned lrom the backfield. cradles the
lootbail alter a catch made against lthaca.

B
masses“

If there was ever a right way
to celebrate a birthday. Albany
State head football coach Bob
Ford found it on university
Field Saturday. Ford. turning
45 years old, rejoiced as his
Great Danes soundly defeated
the Ithaca College Bombers
30-7.

Led by the passing of senior
quarterback Torn Pratt. the
Danes introduced an all-new
aerial attack. Pratt, who missed
five games last season with an
injured knee. returned with a
sparkling performance in the
1982 season opener amassing a
record-breaking 235 passing
yards and equaling ~hls oWn
record of 11 completed passes.

“1 expected to pass that
much.” said Pratt. “We have
much more of a big play offense
this year." '

The 1982 Danes do have a
new look. Sporting a trio of
quarterbacks who can gun the
ball and a slew of receivers with
good hands, Ford has planned
to go more to the air.

"We knew were going to
come out throwing (against
lthaca)," said Ford.

The air attack helped set up
the first Dan_e points of the
afternoon. Pratt found running
back Dave Soldini for 12 yards,
and hit tight end Jay Ennis for
another seven before Tom Lin-
coln's 36-yard field goal gave
the Danes an early 3-0 lead.

W

The Danes increased that lead
in the second quarter. Pratt
connected with halfback John
Dunham on a 56-yard
touchdown play with 7:44 re-
maining in the half. The Danes
opted to go for the two-point
conversion and ' dazzled the
already shaken Bomber defense
to make the score 11-0.

A bad snap that sailed over
lthac‘5punter Jeff Lucy’s head
set the scene for Lincoln's se-
cond ﬁeld goal of the day, giv-
ing Albany a 14-0 lead going in-
to the lockerroom.

The Danes capitalized on a

lucky break in the third quarter
We have much
more of a big play
offense this year
-—QB Tom Pratt

to further extend their lead.

lthaca quarterback Tim Con-
nolly tried to fire the ball to
receiver Kevin Finn. but the ball
bounced off of Finn’s arms and
right into the arms of defensive
back Frank Quinn. giving the
Danes possession deep in
Bomber territory. Four plays
later Dunham busted into the
end zone for the score. A se-
cond two-point conversion was
unsuccessful. but Albany lead
20-0.

Before the third quarter end-
ed. lthaca put their first points
of the season on the board.‘

Connolly hit freshman George
Mack across the middle of the
end zone to cap a grinding
63-yard scoring drive.

I A 52-yard strike from Pratt
to new receiver Pete McGrath
keyed Albany’s final
touchdown drive. For the third
time in the game, Dunham car-
riedth‘" Ml! into the end zone to
complete the scoring drive. The
successful two-point conversion
made the score 28-7 with under
10 minutes remaining in te
game.

“it's always a hard game,"
said Dunham of the lthaca con-
test, “We live for it the whole
summer. I though it may have
been a closer game."

Even the defense which had
an outstanding afternoon was
able to get into the scoring act.
Linebacker Bob Cohen's in-
terception have Albany the ball
on the lthaca 15 yard line. But
the Danes were unable to get the
ball past the goal line. However.
after turning the ball over on
the lthaca six. fellow linebacker
Ed Eastman sacked lthaca’s
third quarterback of the day,
Mike McVey. in his own end
zone for a safety to close the
scoring.

Defensively. we excelled,”
said Ford. “They didn't seem to
play with the same intensity as
lthaca teams in the past.

* “lthaca had always been
lthaca." Ford added.

lthaca football head coach

continued on page 2/

 

SEPTEMBER 14. 19.92

 

Big Victory over Ithaca;
not a bad way to start

"assesses"

 

 

 

For Great Dane football fans. Saturday's manhandling of
the lthaca College Bombers was really something to see. What
has become the traditional season opener of the last few years
against the Division 111 powerhouse from central New York
State usually is a struggle from start to finish. But, on Satur-
day. the Danes coasted to a resounding 30-7 victory.

It was Albany’s second consecutive victory over the
Bombers. Last season in Ithaca, the Danes set back their hosts
by a score of 17-7. That win and the following one against
Southern Connecticut the next week lead many to believe that
Albany was destined to make the NCAA Division 111 playoffs.
But the Danes lost the following week to Union College. lost
their starting quarterback Tom Pratt in the game against Buf-
falo and lost hope for the rest of the 1981 season.

Now the Danes are ready to go at it again. Except this time,
by. notching that 30-7 victory, the team is off to an even better
start.

Tom Pratt is back at the starting quarterback position.
Agianst lthaca. he picked up where he had left off at the time
of his injury the year before. Acc0rding to head coach Bob
Ford and his staff. Pratt can run the Dane offense as good if
not better than anyone to hold that job in the history of Albany
State football. Already Pratt, almost completely recovered
from his knee njury of a year ago. has shattered the passing
yardage record for a single game. Pratt's 235 yeards bested
Brad Aldrich’s mark of 166 set back in 1978. If he remains
healthy. he can help steer the Dane offense to many more vic-
torleuvhlle rewriting some records before he’s through.

Pratt is fortunate to have several dependable receivers.
Leading the way are wide receivers Bob Brien. who should be
healthy by the Danes‘ next game. and Pete McGrath, a transfer
who was on the receiving end of a 52-yard bomb from Pratt.
Ford has moved veteran Jay Ennis from the backfield to tight
end. hoping to capitalize on his strength, size. speed and good
hands. Another receiving threat is John Dunham. Dunham.
one of four captains along with Pratt. Jim Canfield and Dave
Hardy. proved on Saturday that he can run the ball and be a
deep threat for the pass. Lastly, Pratt has Dave Soldini for
short passes out of the backfield.

Against Ithaca, the Danes looked fantastic defensively.
Albany held the Bombers at bay the entire game giving up only
one touchdown. The defensive unit is anchored by the 1981
ECAC Upstate Player-of—the-Year, Jim Canﬁeld, at tackle. in-
side linebackers Bob Cohen and Ed Eastman had strong games
against lthaca. while Bob Jojo and Dave Hardy. who doubles
as the team’s punter. did a fine job of patroling the secondary.

The Bombers will have a tough time forgetting the Danes’
defense. Canfield made two crunching sacks on starting
quarterback Corey Davies. Cohen made a key interception that
eventually lead to Eastman's quarterback sack for safety, while
Jojo blocked a punt deep in Ithaca territory.

The Danes certainly appeared to have it all together on the
first day of their new season. But they still have a long eight
game road to haul. After an open date next Saturday. the
Danes travel to Brockport to face their SUNY rivals. Then. on
October 2, Albany returns for a revenge match against Union
College. Union defeated Albany last season on Union's home
field. That game kicks off a string of seven games. ﬁve of
which will be played right here on University Field.

Also included in the schedule are the usual host of opponents
such as Southern Connecticut. Cortland. Norwich, University
of Buffalo and Division Ill power Alfred.

So there is plenty of football ahead in 1982. But on Satur-
day. the Danes were as hot as the 85 degree weather they played
in. For Ford and company. it was not a bad way to start.

1082 Alhuuy Hints- Football

5“til. 11 lthaca il mo (in. ll: (‘nrtlumi " IL“)

Sein- Ill til'l'IN (m. 2.1 Norwich A “30.
51‘1"- ” llrut‘kpurl A 1:.10 (tel. 30 Aim-a A 1:00
"t‘l- 1 Union II 1:30, Nov. (1 ll.||un_ II 1:00
(Ni-9 S.(‘nnn. ll i130 Nov. IJ Marlst " “00

 

 

,,,,_..,.HH-.-.a......» . . . . . A . Hum.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

’ D
u

q
o

" -  ‘ ._the sexes '-

1'!» , .
3‘Myths and I
 Images of p

/

.‘rq- r'

u
. a ‘
a — r',o
.3 I V
. ,1 . ' .,_
.- luv,
’ u' I
. , \ ‘

 

 

