  

it What a Paradise it Seerns. John Cheever’s new

novel. is a thin little book. At exactly 100 pages it

is physically thin and. with its assortment of ex-
traneous characters and «cookie subplots. it is emotionally
and lr " I ", thin as well. '

‘ i

i ‘ . Mark'Rossier

Cheever has apparantly fallen under the spell of the
superstar writer. in It most extreme manifestation we get
the Neil Simon syndrome in which a writer continually

 

churns out mediocre trash in order to pull in a rather?

substantial paycheck. Cheever has certainly not progressed
this far. nor do i think he ever will: he is far too serious an
artist for that. in Cheever‘s case the problem most likely lies
with his publisher. When a writer is as acclaimed as
Cheever. it is doubtful how much scrutiny his manuscript is
given. At any rate. it is highly unlikely that anyone would
tell him that he should do a total rewrite. which is unfor-
tunate because that is exactly what Paradise needs.

The book's malor problem is that it is far too dense for
both its subject and its length. This is supposed to be the
story of Lemuel Sears. a man on the edge of seventy who is
looking for a sense of love and permanence In his final
years. The love he finds in air affair with a younger.
mysterious divorcee and the permanence he finds in
Beasley's Pondua place that reminds him of the innocence
and simplicity of the past. Both things eventually become
threatened and Sears' reactions become the locus of the
novel. However. since both relationships are sketchy and
unconvincing to begin With. their threatened loss doesn't
really hold our interest.

it scents as if Cheever senses this insubstantiality. but in‘
stead of correcting it. he chooses to pad the novel with an

7 - Trouble WithPamdise

  

0n Beasley's Pond: John Cheever’s new novella
seems 100 pages too long.

 

 

excess of characters and subplots.

Beasley's Pond becomes threatened when a gangster-
type who owns it decides to turn it into a land fill. Cheever's
mistake is that he not only introduces us to the gangster.
but his family as well. We also meet the family's next door
neighbors and their family. And if that isn't enough. when
one of the neighbors' children is accidently abandoned on a
highway we also meet the man who saves him. (When l say
meet. i don't jttstmean they appear. they are all discussed
iri‘enough detail to be considered fullvfledged characters.)
With the exception of the child saver. who happens to be
his lawyer. none of this veritable army of characters has

anything to do with Sears except in the most forced and
unconvincing way.

Cheever's strength has always been his ability to choose
one or two incidents with which to illustrate his story. Heref
however. he piles detail upon detail for no real purpose. if
Cheever would Just tell Sears‘ story instead of trying to
spice it up. he could (and should) have written a beautiful
book: a moving. nostalgic elegy to the past. As it stands.
this seems like Cheever’s attempt to write like Kurt Vons
negut.

The abandonment of the baby on the highway. the
threatened destruction of a low" with poisoned steak
sauce. a homosexual affair. a fight in a supermarket and
the shooting of a dog (yes. i did say llte book ls only 100
pages) are all such flamboyant events that they tend to
overshodow Sears' far gentler. but certainly more realistic
and moving concerns The story Cheever wants to tell
should be treated with subtlety and dignity. two qualities
that he has always had an abundance of. i can't imagine
why he didn't employ them here.

The point of View is as vague as the rest of the book.
Paradise ls told in the first person. but we are never given a
clue as to who the person is or why he might be telling us
the story. This is a good outline for a great book which i
hope Cheever will someday write.

Oh What a Paradise it Scents suffers front the opposite
problem that plagued Cheever's recent American
Playhouse teleplay. The Shady I-iillKidnappirrg. instead of
having too few details in too much time. he has too many
in too little. Taken together these two works prove disturb-
ing for fans of both Cheever and literature in general. One
of the great masters has written his two worst works back to
back. We can only hope that this is a decline he will soon
rccoverfrom. i l

ti'k Springfield is someone \\'lilr i so
desperately want to low to hate
But I inst don't find myself up to El.

even though he makes it easy 'l'rrrr easy

I

r

’ Steve Gosset

As'a'rcvi'eiverwtviili a modicum of selfA
respect. I should be staked out. ready to
trash this latest teen scream. After all. what is
the essential musical worth of one who after
sputtering around for years. goes platinum
all because he lands a part playing doctor
and looking pretty a couple of days a week
on General Hospital?

Credentials aside. 1 find iii Springfield a
confirmation that bubble-gum rock never
died. it was just waiting for a new champion.
Before I get thirty lashes with a wet Partridge
Family album let me explain.

indeed Springfield has filled somewhat of
a tack void. The charts are populated with
such glitter boys as Styx. Journey. Rush.
and REO Speedwagon. who try to pawn off
their vapld bilge as if it were a musical Se-
cond Coming. Stripped of their excess gloss.

pringfield

they are only iriere pop practitioners. much
like Springfield. only difference being he
foregrres seriousness. favoring instead a
refreshing if tame abandon that reflects in his
music. That allows us to have a good. albeit
light and tiiry time listening to hint. while
those faceless Supergroups wallow fit their
self~|nrportairce.

Springfield's new album is Success Ilusn't
Spoiled rue Yet. While it lacks sortie of the
bounce of last year's Working Class Dog. it
succeeds. to a point. in realizing a basic pop
sensibility: keep it short. keep it simple. and
make sure there is a girl on the other end of
the song.

And on Success. there are plenty of girls.
No women. just a lot of girls. Elusive one
and all. as on “Calling All Girls" and on the
album's hottest track. "How Do You Talk To
Girl's?" Even “Jessie's Girl." who headlined
one of I‘Ji‘il's great car songs. makes a return
engagement as she and ol' Jess think about
tying the knot and sticking it to Rick one
more time. Sob.

It's all stuff that pre-adole'scent crises are
made of. Amid the rejection and heartbreak

there's that fleeting stab at sexual fulfillment.
represented on Success by “Just One Kiss."
Could Springfield indeed by the voice of the
undersexed youths of America wanting to be
understood?

Whoa! I think we're getting a bit too prr,
found for everyone's good here Success
reeks of minimalism. right down to Spr-
ingfield's Gretsch strumrnlng. which really
isn't that bad. That his possibilities are limited
is evidenced by a laughable cover of "Black

' is Black."

Will Springfield's bubble-gum following
burst. If he no longer wants to be dashing Dr.
Noah Drake and decides to practice his
guitar instead of medicine? Or will he con-
tinue to milk superstardom and run the risk
of becoming another pop dud? Success is
often fun. but one or two more misses than
hits and he is on the way to Pablum City.

Advice to Rick: if you can't get Anne
Logan to go to bed with you. call it a day in
Port Charles and stick to the music. You
might even get a few more girls that way. ll

’5 RX For Success

 

Noah’s Stark: Rick's Springfield '5
latest makes it with a pared down pro-
duction and an honest approach.

 

The Woman’s Experience In Song

    

a joy to experience": Songwriter Meg
_ r'.".t‘t r tr. i-Chrrsrran. ' ~ ..-v

rr r‘ri‘iii

“Women need a quality music that is ’

t's like sitting in a circle as each per—

I sort reaches out to take the hand of
the next. drawing more and more in-

to the warmth and support of the group,
Women's Music is like that. Meg Christian.
foremost figure iii Women's Music today.
and who will be appearing at Page Hall this
Sunday evening at 7 PM. articulates that
warmth and support in music and lyrics
which Centres.titssgttrsris'uécs “t it” wears"-

Lynn Goldberg

'What' we'label “Woiiieii's Music'Tisiu)t
even ten years old. Meg. in a telephone in-
terview. described the founding of Olivia
Records. the first women's record company.
In 1973. “In Washington i).C.. | and other
women were performing concerts 1 for
women. These were affirming and celebra-
tional. But we wanted to go further — what
could we do to benefit the Women's move—
merit?"

What they did was found Olivia Records
—— a company that could create Jobs for
women. generate money for the women's
mot/empty. provide training. andf’ta'sizMeg
r‘I til. dd '5 ". -"a'l"/'r 't»" "i ‘ ' I

 

 “produce high quality music that was
respectful of women and told the truth about
our lives." The goals of Olivia Records are
the same today. although they have become
more realistic about their financial limita-
tions. according to Meg.

A musician since age five. a “real little
hanr." she said. Meg realized that the music
she had been writing and playing was not
talking about her life. "i knew something was
out of ktlter out there. Women had limited
opportunities. they were being oppressed
and i wanted to talk about it. Feminism pro-
vided the tools for articulating feelings antl
experiences that belonged to many women.

in the past ten years. women's music has

grown. as has Meg's singing and

songwriting.

“I'm writing the best songs of my life.” she
said. “At first women were starved for
anything that talked about their lives. but
once they got over that. they needed quality
music that was a lay to experience.

Meg is widely acclaimed as a gifted
guitarist. a sensitive songwriter, and a cap-
tivating performer. Anyone concerned with
e'xbellentimusic‘shoyldb‘? inle‘r'es‘te'd'th M353!

;. ~,w . tiu

rm. rrt..ilt vfl 1t): Ur ‘ rrtn; ore/I, .

and many are. Billboard said “(Her music)
touches us all with its insights and
sensitivity." Her albums to date have sold
over 90.000 copies in the folk and women's
communities around the country.

Her next project will be an album of her
upcoming performance with singer-
songwriter Cris Williamson. another pioneer
of women's music. at New York City's
Carnegie Hall on November 2b. This perfor-
mance will celebrate the tenth birthday of
Olivia Records. and leri years of the
flourishing of women's culture in this court-
try.

On tour. celebrating the release of her
third album “Turning it Over." Meg will ap-
pear at SUNYA's Page Hall on Sunday.
April 18 at 7 PM.

Tickets for the show are $6 in advance
and $7 at the door. They can be purchased
at Boulevard Books. Northern Boulevard.
Albany: SUNYA Contact Office. SUNYA
Campus Center; and Earthly Delights. Jay
Street. Schenectady. Ticket reservation and
childcare are available. by calling
tits-485

on .lr.ll El oli‘tjutprt in, ‘ttrtl uvrr'J“ C]

r' 1 ‘ "ﬁll"
" "Give her an arpeggio ii flat'." lie iells

Send In The Clowns

hey posted the final cast list for the

university production of A Funny

Thing Happened on the Way to
the Forum the Tuesday after the auditions.
Running down the list proved what quotes l
lacked. and how many brave souls WltirSL‘
artticiljgﬂiﬂddcnvn riiissed out

Debbie Judge

"sofT'ATaﬁi 2i lie'lr‘rt'tgs'to in; listed.
February .‘l. 4 and .ri was for cwryoire: the
85 who tried out for llll' 1H parts. the "Ark
tors.». Singers. Dancers. \/)lll(lL‘\’lllldllS.
Acrobats. Minres. Malrr llnnks. fir-.rtrirful
Women. Young Lovers and Characters All"
who anwsei‘ed that rid frrr the Roman frticr'.
where Heroes fall in love. i'irifty Slaw»
scheme for freedom. and 'l‘intinribulas do
belly dances. '

Jim Dulcliei' is perched on the hack of a
chair iii the PAC's r'iudttoituni. .i lllllt’ t'rillU
irii rt Wednesday night "'l'l|l5 ts siairrliiid
comedy." he says. lfe's decked lit the
fashion trf these nights stvcrrts. a t»shiit:
he's studying the history of comedy "it t rimr'
front ltaly. the ('irniriirrdirr tlt‘llt' aite."
describing what's about to lii' won “(four
edy that depends on l'lttllrtt tr-i "

Sifting through those rlrrririrtt'ts is what
director l‘lill Leone r'rills three quarters of his
work. With the show's r-lrrricogiriphvi. t'rrnr
stance VitllS. and Peter lliilr'y. its riiusiral
director. he watches. lislt'tth. rhr’tritrrs fruit)
the middle of the empty ritirlitoriiiin (,‘lrailr's
Sachs is the ltrtsrrn .it llit‘ pirrnrr. rtlltl 5])lt'ls
out an uptempo nunriwr wirruilriiig. l’rill
suggests. "you can <|rrttltli' with." ulrr'rr
someone takes ll|\' strigr'

“Name?” calls l’riil l.<'irlli.' fiorii
Somewhere Up There.

Nancy Arena is the \lrl‘lt‘ iilrtltrtlll‘l “the
tests occasionally on a sr-iit llrI'lt' rtlltl llirtlit‘N
a point of saying hello iii whor'tr-i Wrtiltlt'ts
into the line of fire on the stage “if i lr.ir| to
sing or dance l'd lrt' Iti’ttltrlli " shit my».
though she was ltt'tftttliilitti ltt‘lltit‘ ~irr-
became a “teclry.” flirt \lii' drrrwrr't strit; in
one place too long - at llit‘ irrtinrl table in
the stairwell where the r‘lrirririirris siltlr itt
collecting the casting cards \\liltli shit pirwvs
iii] to Leone and which later but tilltt‘
synonymous will] the players 7 llti'lt
rushing through the wings to lrr'r'krrii lltt' .ir
lois on stage.

Leone hears the name. lrr:irt-. for llit' r .rirl
"I'm looking for an rilrility in siiirt and an
ability to sell a song." he explains wrtlr ltrtlttl
motions to describe noisi- but enthusiasm
which demonstrates it better “Ni ii um r'wul
ly to have a beautiful voice Singing lyiir s is
not the most natural thing ” l in shrugged “If
we don't buy it. it becomes silly."

“l'm doing a song from Mirttly l’ytlron."
|)utcher announced frorri the stage. lrrnrrls
clasped behind his back. “No music inst
me."

. Etrrrrroriuel Krtrit was it real prssunt li'fiU

was very trtrly stable. Heidegger. Ifr'irir'ggvi
was a boozy beggar. liliir) could think you
under the table

Constance Valis giggled at the tonr-lr-ss
sirigsong shot out rapitlrfire "He's afraid it)
sing." she whispered

Dutcher admitted it. “Singing is a frighten-
ing thing." But he pointed oirt the merit of
his choice. “if they're laughing. they won't
hear if it's bad . . 

. . . Hobbes was fond of his drains/Arid
Rene Descartes was a drunken iari. ‘I drink.
therefore. lam . . .

“That's the end of the song.' l)utchr-r said.

HWhat key was that in?" Voter l friley hail
to ask.

Haley. on Leone's right. worked with the
Four Season's Dinner Theatre. presides at
the Commissary and agoniri-s over the state
of student's voices with genuine concern. He
sent auditions up and down cracking scales.
but with a real stageside manner. l le
prescribes scales like a doctor. testing pitch.
while they opened their mouths and say oh

..ah...AHl

 
    

. .and the
iugg/ers,
acrobats,
singers,
dancers,

H‘s.

Srrr'lrs "lJrrrr't strip your gears." he cautions
llildy Linn on liL'l turn lJrrn't be scared of
that high note Sit on it." he said. as if rrfirri
ing a chair.

The hardest part. I tlrirtk. is the end. The
sting is over. “Thank you." Leone says
‘illt‘ttt‘t‘. "Will you wait. please?" (sigh)

In llt'lulUt'il \‘Ititli'iS. Leone tries out speak»
ing tom's Seven candidates go from
i’llllllt its to soldiers to stritr-sirii-ndike records
from TH lrr lift to Jill l ."r

"tinr- tilt' .i \rtltlwl's \tili‘r- Any phrase
you want "

"\i'r's Strl" the boy rrhr'yr'd "Yes will Yes
Hit, 5nl Sir "

l‘Iy Ilie “Klill'gittlltilltﬂl lirinnrul” Lorine

suggests

"Some of the kids ttt'\‘i't usi- lltt'ti upper
voices." llrrlr-y laments "And they're sitting
waiting to be used "

.ler Lutsky illtlll'l use If He donned
lll insets that It'rlt'llt'il twe‘lvr' lttt hes above his
sneakers. itllll a long spiritsr‘orri. gold but
tons. he turned up the collar. illtll crrroiied
"llir'lLS Impossible" into .i hlor'k of wood. Of

course wuod doesn't project as wall as .r
cassette player in thr- wrrigs “Do you
breathe?" llrlli'U asked "lJo you stit’rtlt')"

He did later. on the phone. in fact He is
taking a course in nitrite. he said. but lirtﬁlt‘rll'
ly .lay Lutsky did the audition fiit the ex-
perience. Though he did not say for \Ultrll.

“l though he was going to flash us first."
Nancy quippcd. when day left the stage

Constance Valis was iniinclring lit‘r aii~
popped. ilttthI'l'tlSL'. diet ptrpt‘rntt She
agreed. “We have seen some bizarre things
in this theatre tonight."

"lixpericnce." Leone said. “is the best
lililtlltfi of the craft. Ari audience lets you
know whether it Works better. rather than a
teacher saying. ‘yes. . that's good '
Laughing. crying. applauding. they're
judges."

Peter Haley would rather not know who's
on stage. “Tryouts are easier when you don't
know anyone." he said. “When i know
who's up there. i usually sweat blood. i hate
it."

“it's not as scary as usually." Mary Liber-
‘t‘tﬁlr it. 'Httlitiﬁitiil ulriltiittittbiiit'ﬁ ltirrlialrrﬁws

wltlt Leone and Valis. “You know than) and

 

 
  
    
 
  

hoping for a
shot at
stardom in “A
Funny Thing”

plrolos by Will Yunnan

lltc‘V'Vt' sur'n practically
everything ynii'u- done. though they
know your liniitritirrrts. and you have to sure
prise tlrcrn "

So she stepped out on stage. took it

they know you

seductive SlrtllCt'. and dropped her roar

"l lc'llrr. l'tn lirrselyn." she llllllllllllt’tl
"Trike me. .ill rrf iiit' "

Nancy Arena was surprised Libcitucci is
qutet and M‘Ilttlis and twins ltt‘i lIrIii up rllltl
is not liosr'lyn Strains Mriiy lrtlitlllt‘tl. lrilt'l
She takes whrit shr' dot-s \t’llttllfxlv "My
Month and I knew I \Ulllltl llt‘\\'l nirrlu' If its
Mary l_tl)t‘illlt't i." slur r'xplriins

l't‘lt'l llrllt'U was flipping r’airls "Slur was
the tall ttlli'." llt' r'uinnientr'rl

"No." V.rli~ tonr'ttr'rl “She was the tilt“
witlt the shorts "

"She had it lot of rlrest Vttlt't’ ” llrtli'y
ItIilt’tl

"Shr- lririlts like she has ri good body
tinrlr'ineritli lllill shirt. " Vrilis mused Shr-
sririlr'rl frankly "I don't want to he rliity. hut
\vr- need but breasts We're looking for
(Toinlr'srins Whores "

A lllllt' lrtlt‘l, ll! of the girls lined up for
body typo Valis illl(l Leone conferred
"What will \Ut‘ (lit for .i gyrnnrisiinn . 'l'III'
lllll-tlHIlrl l’rinrii'r'rt '

"if you don't erlll hot for a reading." VilllS
riskr'rl. “can I lI-tVt! her for a (Irrur'tes.in?"

"You're very ilerlt‘ of your body." she
continued “Mary llrttl her hands like
this" llildy r‘lirspr'd hers Ill front 7 and
l'rri thinking. they think l'rn doing this
because she's doing this.' “The thing is."
Valis said tn the course rrf it song. "most of
the ones he wants. i want He usually wins "

Now she clapped out a rhythm on a block
of wood 'l'hree candidates for l’rrrteans m
the bumbling. tliree-strrogie. comic
characters of the drama -— stamp in place.
'llren they move forward. out. turn. for
ward. stamp. line up. knock each other over
in human debris. and then collapse with a
thud.

Bill Leone looked at his watch. "Tire
toughest part for me comes after this. i have
to hear them read."

Thursday night Nancy leans over and an-
nounces that there had been 59 tryouts so
far. “And you remember all of them'i'l site
'l’ilﬁlllllY‘lir‘vr‘ .r’rir'i.i.‘rt 'rirt‘lrriq .lll‘tflt‘tl'Jiil

"Right, l.i'tillt‘ agrees. and rolls his eyes.

   

 

.v. ... .. .

April 16. 1982M 7a ‘

More songs More dance steps Haley
murmurs with glee ("A soprano wrtlr 7i bot-
tom!"l Someone looks like he is reading the
lillL'S off his hands. More Proteaiis The final

‘crrllupse. which appeared lake at first. gets
more and more genuine.

"(‘ouirl l sr-e that again"" Leone requests.

"Do you have an ace bandage up there?"
«unit's back front the stage

"for lltt' most part they're theatre students
who rllt' used to the regitricntatiott." l.\.’lt|ti'
r'xplriincd Along with the (‘dblliltl card: was
.i rlitto of obligations r rehearsal six days a
“Dull. no spring break. don't tlrlllil r-n
l.rtsli't "lt r’trnsnnies your cxrstt'iti'r' for .i ‘
tttli|ilt‘ of months." l.r-rrnr: sriirl

t'lrriilr-s Wrignr-i was supposed to go ‘wt‘t'
his girlfriend ltLtl he was supposed to be i‘.i|l

.-d. back. too so lit‘ was in the (Enron
lirrorit l-iirltrv night I lirltlll'l expected the
(ltt't‘ll Honor the llii'illlil’rll waiting limit)

to by yellow. eithi-t l'rtit Mrriy had not
been llowlyn. so \'\'t'll Wagner's ptii nrr
l.lttlli>li tlttL’ltl wasn't costly \u'rtllItWt'il llr'
rl|ltrlttt_)|M’tl rtllt‘i lit-ing found out. srryrrig it
was .i tr-nih-ni‘v when iiir-r'tinrr new pt‘ttlllt'
"it's .i handy screen lwcriiiw \\ltt‘ll [lt‘riltlt'
rtlt' off balance you triti see what ilrcy'rr'
ir'rilly lllh' "Whirlr Inplltlhtltlvllit‘\Vlrttlt'1llll
pow in going to the (llt't‘ll llorrni Nrrriry
sirtd ll was lltt‘ place "if you urnit Itr we not
\trtisrir'ss " l’rnt tir'I\riu.~.nr-ss is not \t‘t'll
\rriiwd [\t‘ilirtlh lint ionti'nlt'd. til .i \llllrt
tirrii stunt-whirl like that trf llrr- lltrtlrlt'll‘l
llystr'iinrri's lli-tllit‘ says r-rirriiglr) srrirri "l'in
(‘riliii ” r

Lot-sir Mrttkliii'ttirl. .i littshniiitt iti t'lt‘l lltt
ltlllt' \llllttf. leaned Ii\‘t,'l llit‘ ptrinrr .inrl \lltlll'l
fr'r'l ltt’l\ii|i.‘r. she said "if tlu't."tu >t.-\lt.'tl "
she said Hi lltt' otlrr'is. "l'lrL'V'tu pinyin»; it
off " l'lrrit's callbacks Some ltiltl but-n
wrrtlinrt riwlrili' bionic had been called to lln‘

strigr- six tiint-s A ll'W linlll left

\irlllt'ttllt‘ was playing the piano ()ilrr-rs
nestled llt groups

Mink Sim ctrsrrn was pulling ii i igiiir'ltc lit
the dark liibynntlr outside the (iii-en llrmiii
"It's ii lousy business," llt’ sriirl rrf rtlltlllittits
and would lune gladly \rlltl tlittit’. if lit'
lir'ltlll'l lh'l‘ll requested at rt rurrriiiig

Sir Adorn Sanderson this lllt‘ll' and he
t'ttllllltllt‘tf. lllrll this audition was his "most
plnnli-ss ltrir r'iijriyrilrli' "

l.\'i'iVUltt’ \i't'tllt’tf to union the Hill; at
lt'ill|)l‘i .il llt’llV drint'tiig lhr' .ittiirrsplrr'ti‘
l‘illl it'lrixt'rl. lltt‘V sat in llll' tillll|l|illllllt
l'fill l.-lt'll of the girls lard ltt't’il tiniglti lllt'
siiitirv \lr’|). Vrrlts told lltt'. although the
dances ltittl the uniformity of glass .\l(iil\

"it's an interpretation thing." htr'irr Lars
was saying in lliL' (ltt't‘li lirirrrn. "It's not that
they dirlir't liki- litt’. they didn't like my litlt‘i-
pir'tritioti "

At fin' to rzlewn Atlillll Sanderson ranirv
bark to the (lit-en llorirn inst .i little less crin-
ftdent "(flii‘ingrr all that," he said of nry notes
on his rrptitiiisni

“'l'lren." Steve Lats roirtiiiur'rl. "You get
called back, and you we tlrr‘ parts you might
go for going to other pimple " Julie lillis
agreed "When you )r't‘ someone doing
something, you think. wiry ilitlil'l I do that?"

Mark Stevenson |.\ rrillerl out again
Wagner brides him a fearfullv exaggerated
farewull. and saunteis llr|(l(. iiirrr'kf'rrouclio
"l wriuldn't send a dug up in a crate like
that "

"One has to be kind of diiirib not to see a
weeding process." Luis said " They want to
we the interaction between people it's
logical. wry mathematical."

On Wednesday liill Leone had been en»
thused. when he explained his modus
operaiidi: "You have to have the right
chemistry. just the right equation. the right
balance " Now it was Friday. late. and he'd
moved down to the footllglits to view the
readings. with cards spread out on the stage
as if it were a massive table. And got hit with
the same punchlines over and over and over
again.

“it's always br-enIfuniry." Jim Dutclrm » :
during an iriipiornptu lesson on the it. -.
of slapstick and what the ancients used ii i vi
to get people to laugh. “Oh. theydir
satire things all the time. you know. llkr

. it“: i”. it“! t-rct:...t\_tri‘i<!tié.§lttlstt.-.32'.tittnir. _
pies began in Rome," ‘ ' '

  

