  
  

 



. .... hrs.

orld capsule
“  = . ....tr2m

Americans plg out

It ’asiringlon. I). (‘.

tAt’t Per capitrr I'ood constrrrrptiott by Americans is ex-
DCLlCd to gain in IQHJ after declining or holding abottt ctcn
for seternl years. says the Agrtcnlturc Department.

And. for the first tirrre on record. people are eating more
poultry tltttn Iltey are pork.

Based on retail weights of unions food categories, tlte
a\er.tgc person may eat about l.~lll5 pottttds of food next
year. compared to IJIU III I082. |.-tt)t) itt tutu rmd l.4t)7 in
I‘M).

Art analyst said tltat art estimated 571 pounds of next
year‘s tood will be from anirttal products and N34 pounds
trom crop products, Iltis _\ertt's food included 577 pounds
ot animal products and lilo pounds from grain. \cgetables
and other crops.

“I urge crops this year and c\pcctctl increases in fruit attd
\cgctaltle supplies next year oill offset a furtltcr drop irt
animal products use." he said.

"('ortsunrption ot' attirrral product foods “Ill be down
about I petcettt this year. with art additional l to 2 percent
decline likely in Will. I ltis )ettr 's decrease has been led by a
5 pcrccttt drop irt red meat use.“

\\'estcott said that red ment' corrsnrtrptiort -— beef and
tea]. pork. Intrtb nttd mutton 7» is expected to trterngc l-t‘)
pounds per person this year. down from |57 irt Phil and
Int) itt Witt). It also is the lowest since [965.

Olympics privately funded

New York. N. l’.
tAl’) The l')tt4 Ios Angetes ()lympic (iames are being
tirranced uitltottl rrttrnieipal rrrouey. without the arid nl lttt-
tcries. attd witltotrt donations as sttclr. and yet tltcy are like-
Iv to show It "profit" rather than trig debts.

for tire first tirttc itt history. tttottey for tire Olympics is
r'eing produced entirely by the private sector. mainly
through the stiles ot' tclc isiott rights and corporate spou-
~ots|rips. and to a sntallcr extent through ticket stiles.

When llre games are or er. said Peter Uebcrrotlt. ptesdcttt
of the I us Angeles ()lympic ()rgani/ing ('ottttttiltcc. “we
should tune a srttttll surplus for yotttlt and sports." To say
nothing of seterrtl He“ or totally reftrrbislred buildings.

Ueberrotlr expects a minimum of $t4tl million from
sponsors. compared with $7 million from JSI sponsors at
the lake Placid Winter Olympics irt I980. “We made the
supply and dcrrtarrd tighter." said Ueherrotlt tlte
businessman.

Reagan tours S. America

Brasi/Iia. Brazil
(AP) President Reagan. in a two pronged message Monday.
denounced Soviet and Cuban influence in Central Arrrerica
artd decried rcsrictiotts on free trade its “an ugly specter
stalking the world."

In a speeclt to business leaders. Reagan sounded a call for
economic cooperation between the United States and Brazil
— one day after mming to ease the impact of U.S. sugar
quotas here and protidc u SLZ billiort loan to help Brazil
restore tts earlier ecottortric growth.

But tlte president's trip to Latin Atttcrica is focusing as
much on liast—West themes and trortblcd Cetrtral America
as it is on the special problems of financially ailirtg Bra/ii.

In remarks prepared for delivery to U.S. and Bt'a/ilian
business leaders itt Sao Paulo. R 'ttgan said:

“Tltcre is in the world today. a counterfeit revolution. a
revolution of territorial conquests. a revolution of coercion
and thought control where states rule behind the barrel of a
gun and erect barbed wire walls not to keep enemies out.
but to keep their own people in."

A White House official said this was a reference to tire
Soviet Union and Cuba. Reagan expanded on that Wednes-
day night, saying insurgents were armed at great expense.
by a faraway power aimed at disrupting other governments
and economies.

“This is aggression pttre attd simple." he said.

“We stand firmly with the otltcr responsibile nations of
Americas in opposing those who witlt violence antl force of
arms. try to undermine economic progress and political
stability.“ he said.

I
MX fundrng considered
Washington, D. C.
(AP) The MX missile. a project wltich has survived years of
government indecision attd verbal attacks by opponents. is
facing a crucial test now that the tittre has cortte to decide
whether to pay for it.

The House Appropriations Committee. taking up a $230
billion Pentagon spending bill is being asked by the chair-
man of its defense subcommittee to delete $988 million ear-
marked for the intercontinental nuclear weapon.

Both the chairman. Rep. Joseph P. Addabbo. D-NY.
and opponents of his move predicted it close outcome. but
none was willing to declare victory in advance.

Pentagon officials. who declined to be identified. said
based on their cheeks within the 55-member committee.

 

 
 

 

   
  

International journey

Two study programs in Asia. a year in India or it sum-
rtrer in China. are once again being offered to students
across the U.S. through the International Education pro-
grrtnr at the University of California itr Berkeley.

Applications are due February 7 for the Professional
Studies Program of fieldwork or research irt India and
February I5 for the Advttrreed Chinese Language Summer
Program.

Applicatiotts and irrt'ortrtatiotr for the programs are
available rtt International liducatiort. 2538 Clrnrrrtirtg
Way. University of California, Berkeley CA 94720. or
(-IlSi (NZ-I356.

Complex numbers

Professor Marshall Cohen ot' Cornell Unitersity will
present a Mathematics ('ollouuintrr on “2-(‘ourpletes and
('onrbiurttorial (ironp theory“ “may. December It. 4
p.tn.. in Iztu‘tlt Science I40. Coffee will be served ttt .l..‘l(i
p.ttr. irr linrtlr Science 152. The colloquium is open to the
public.

 

Life in the real world

As part of a Life Planning Series for Seniors. the Stu-
dent Affairs and Alumni Offices are presenting a progrturr
on "l-‘irst .lob Skills artd lttsiglrts" Thursday. December |).
7:30 p.trt. in Alumni House.

Topics will ittclude iitsiglrts ittto career survival skills.
realistic expectations. communication skills. interpersonal
relationsltips. etc.

For t'uttlrer information contact Dr. Barbara Schoon-
ntnkcr at 457-4932.

they lutd “a definite chance to win.”

In an indication of ltow seriously the administration
regarded to vote, President R ‘agtltt and Defense Secretary
Caspar W. Weinberger — both thousands of miles l'rorn
Washington —- reportedly telepltortcd corttrttittec members
to urge them to preserve the MX money.

In advance of the vote. a House Republican aide said the
high-level lobbylrtg. which reportedly also involved
Secretary of State (icorgc Sltultl. rind Vice President George
Bush. could be crucial because “it is hard for sortte
members to vote against the president."

Last week. Reagan announced he had decided to base
ltll) of the big new weapons in closely spaced undergrottrtd
silos rretrr Cheyenne. Wyo.. the so-enlled “dense pack"
plan.

Opponents of the new weapon, which is expected to
make its first test flight next nrorttlt. lrnve opposed it on
ground its projected $26 billion price is too expensive and
posed furtlter dartgers of nuclear war.

Reagan contends that the MK. which lte recently tenant-
ed Pcacckeeper. is needed to deter the Soviets. vvltortt he
claims ltavc ttclticved nrtclcnr superiority in rccertt years.

State requires road work

New York. N. Y.
(AP) For New Yorkers plagued by cratered highways, leaky
water mains artd sagging bridges. there is finally a light at
the end of tlte crumbling tttnnel. Unfortunately. the ligltt is
that of an oncoming freight train bringing progress and —
at least for a wltile —— pain.

If you wartt to fix something. you generally ltnve to stop
using it. Road work means detours. bridge reconstruction
means traffic jams. subway repairs mean delays. These ag-
gravating signs of renewal are everywhere.

State engineers found that the brackets which ltold up the
Quecttsboro's outer lattes were .so wettkcncd by rust that
they could have given way at any titne.

“A heavy trttck could ltave done it . . . we were lucky no
one died." says George Zttintcs of the State Department of
transportation. whose engineers could find no physical
reason why the lattes were able to support arty load ltenvier
than a Volkswagon.

Patience would scent a rerequisite for those who plan to
eornrrtute over the East River for the next I5 years. That.
says Zaimcs. is how long it may take to repair the crossings.

Some say the only way to really repair New York would
be to close it down for a year.

Bttt that's not feasible. and so a city where life already is
tough faces years of more disruption. noise. dirt and in-
convenience.

'Demoeratic Socialists of America.

Campus briefs

Meditating music r

The Indian spiritual leader Sri (.‘Itimnoy will be'givitrg a
I'ree concert and pttblie meditation at the Recital llnll.
Performing Arts Center. SUNYA. at 7:30 p.tn. on Morr
day. Decentber 6.

At the cortccrt. sporrsercd by the University Seminar on I
l
l
l

()rientnl Religion. Chinmoy will play several or hrs own
corrrpositlorrs on the esraj. a stringed Indian instrument
played with a how. He will also plrty art electronic flute
and tire harntorriunr. a miniature Indian organ.

for rrrore information call (.‘ltrtd Bradshaw at 438.24h5.

Britt speaks out

Harry Britt. San Francisco City Supervisor. Vice Chair ‘
ot' the Democratic Socialists of America atrd National
(lay Rights Activists. will speak about Urban Politics in
the 80's on Sunday. Deeetrrber 5. in the C.C. Ballroom at l
4 p.trt. j‘

Tickets are: $3 for General Admission. $2.50 I'or
students without tax cards. and $2 for students with tax
cards.

The event is presented by the GALA and ctr-sponsored
try the Capital District (iay Political Caucus and

Put more information contact GALA at 457-4078.

Israel and back again

Art Ill day highly-specialized seminar itr Israel for ad
lege students is scheduled by the American Zionist Youth
l-‘oundntion over the coming winter break. The seminar
will leave Kennedy ltttcrnntional Airport on December 27
artd return .lnrrttary I].

Students rtre offered a busy schedule of torrritrg with
specially selected guides and cdtreatiorral sctttittars design-
ed to enrich the student's krtowedge of Israeli history and
current issues. The l'ull cost of the progrartt. including air
transportation from New York. lodging. meals nrtd
special events is $950. Further information may be ob-
tained by contacting the AZYI: Campus Representative
Debbie Schiller at 482-7027.

Gulf Oil Co. pulls out

Albany. NY
(AP) The Gulf ()il Co. faced with increasing competition irt
its small sltarc of gasoline sales and getting less for what it
does sell. is pulling otrt ot' upstate New York atrd most of
Vermont.

The pullout. to be cotttpletcd by the ettd of l983. will
leave 485 gasoline service stations irt New York and 72 iii
Vermont scrambling for new suppliers. It will also rtrearr the
closing of six Gulf terminals with the loss of 40 jobs.

“Demand has been deelinirtg irt the last few years."
Vogeley said in at telephone interview from Gulf's Houston
Te '15. headquarters. “Supplies are rttore than adequate.
Pri cs ltave declined."

“We Irave decided to streamline our marketing system."
. He said that (iult' will cotrcerttrntc on its bet-

 

   

 

ter markets.

“‘The consumer will suffer as the dealer — the indepen-
dertt businessman — is squeezed otrt." Benton said. He
predicted that tile end result would be ltigltcr gasoline
prices.

The terminals affected are in Rensselacr. Uti at.
Rochester. Syracuse. Big Flats near Elmira nttd Johnson
City near Binglrnmton. About 40 employees will lose teir
jobs. Vogeley said.

Vogeley said “about 485 service stations" north of the
New York City metropolitan ttrea would be affected. Of
that number. 0qu owns or leases 40. supplies another 5‘)
under contract and sells to jobbcrs who supply the rest.

Kennedy drops out of race

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Sen. Edward M. Kennedy is out of the race bttt not
out of the rtrnttirtg. Too rtttrelt cart happen lit 20 rtrorttlts l'or
his renunciation of the I984 Democratic presidential
nomination to be accepted as writ.

Kennedy said Wednesday lte was rtot shrinking frottt a
tough race. He said it would ltuve been a challenge. nrtd
that lie believed lre could ltave won it. But Ire said ltis
obligatiort to the children led him to sit this one ottl.

There's always the next election. and the one at'ter that.
Kennedy said that he does wattt to be president. trrtd that lte
might well run another time. At 50. Ire cart wait to years or
longer.

Kennedy aides said their soundings this year showed that
the 196‘) accidertts and the brokcrt marriage would rtot be
rrtajor problems in a l9li4 campaign. Kennedy said his was a
declsiort rrttrde for family. not political reasons. He said that
if it ltad been ntttde on political grounds. he would have
run.

  

  

v —-' um “m  ﬂue.

 

 

 

By Terl Knplowllz
J’EWS EDI TOR

 

SASU is strongly opposing a loan pro-
gram bill before the State legislature which
they say “sets down a very narrow program
to attempt to deal with a very broad pro-
blem."

Tire proposed Higher Education Loan
Program Supplentertt (HELPS) sponsored
by Senator Kenneth Laanlc and
Assctttblytnen Jerry Krcnrer and Dan Walsh
will overwhelmingly favor students in
private colleges wltose family income is
above $50.0(X) a year. and at the same time
“indirectly appropriates state funds to the
federal goverrtment." according to SASU.

HELPS would bridge the gap between
federal student Auxiliary Loans to Assist

Students/Parent Loans for Undergraduate
Students (ALAS/PLUS) at IZ percent in-
terest. and the (iuarantecd Student Lonrrs
at rtirre percent interest.

the original proposttl‘s six-year cost
would be between $4I.6 and 68.6 million
although the proposal has been slightly
altered since this estimate. After the three-
)’t.‘itl' midterm poirtt. the legislature must
again approve the plrtrt irt order for it to
torttinue fttr the remaining antourtt oftimc.

SASII argues that lower and middle \ lass
tarutlim generally do not use Al AS/PIIJS
lotus because rttittimulrr monthlv payments
.ttt' ttrtt ltir‘lt.

"llrtr is n grotesque lull." said ’N'Ab'lr'
presrdrtu .Irru l‘icrnt-y. who teels the loan
]‘l|lt’litlll should ltclp lttttt‘t int-oun- pettplu
sr Ito t'rtttrtot etett afford \‘tlllt'l't. ratltct tltgrtt
:rttlrrtg mort- affluent students attending
(tritntc st'ltotrls.

liL'tltL'\ added tltnt the plan would. irt cl
t'cct. end up subsidizing the federal gosern-
rttettt. Utuler the lllill’S program. New
York State would Ire distributing financial
aid to lower a federal loan's interest rate
down to nitte pctcertt. Those students

receiving HELPS aid on their PLUS loans
would end up deducting less interest from
their federal taxes. SASU says that the
state's aid would prevent the federal
government from losing revenues due to
deductions. “For every dollar the state
spends through the HELPS program, tlte
federal government realizes 25 cents it has
riot lest through deduction." said SASU in
a press release.

DECEMBER 3, I982 Cl ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Private colleges favored by loan program bill

"It's idiotic government." Tierney said.
tdding that the new program would be inef-
ficient since “there are no advantages that
couldn't be made elsewhere in existing pro-
grams."

Eligibility criteria for HELPS funds are
the same as those for the federal student
loans. With the recent revisions. the Higher
Education Service Corporation (HESC)
estimates that at least 20 percent of the

 

 

 

 

 

 

' v. ﬁst-amrﬂwf-t-.'n.vr.zt9eu‘. ' raps. 5.».

 

3“. m... I “My. ﬁgure}: y¥:.-;...-.<.....;r

 

 

 

VSASllpresldent Jlm Tierney 7

The program t'tuls‘ too much money uni] aids loin/bur [rt-upii'

AlAN MFNIt.E tJl‘S

state's students have been affected by
becoming ineligible for GSL's or having
their eligibility reduced.

Although HELPS' eligibility re-
quirements have a chance of being changed.
director of the Senate Higher Education
Cornrtrittee, Richard Santora. said the
Asserrtbly's general feeling is that they
would not ball out the Republicans by look-
ing at any legislation that would ap-
propriate funds cut at the Washington
level.

The bill's first draft originally called for
the Department of Education to establish
guidelines for needs analysis. said Sarttora.
However. it was recommended by the
HESC that the guidelines should be the
same as those of the federal government.

Santurn poirtted to TAP. BEOG. and
I-ZOP as funding programs already available
for lower and rtriddle income families. and
said another ‘ticr' needed to be ex-
arrtitred—-tltose students needing additional
loans.

He stressed that the legislature ltas always
been concerned with balance, explaining.
"lt (lllil P5) was rtever intended to be
looked .u as souretlring betssert sectors."

Although Santora acknowledged the pro-
r't.trrr would uto.tly .rid independent itrstrttt»
trons. he [H‘llllL‘tl out that 4h percent or the
state's students attend ltll‘-.tlt' tollt'r'er.
"l 'otr .ltlllili)‘ lllr' .tntc's ll‘t-ll rotzrtrwtt, \\t
.‘ttc Ilttllslllf our best ettort to ltvlp .rll lac
tors." lre ~r||ti.

.‘-.urtor.t .t|«o .ttltl.‘tl that all .t.ttt' loan
programs are rtt cllcct sttttstdtxrrtg the
federal ytnctltttrt‘llls. It
lll‘l l’fi \scrctt‘t tt\il|l.ll)lL‘. \ltttlcttl‘. would
cttd up borrowing Illt‘ money and tltert
deduct Illt' uttctcst oil their federal taxes
iltI\\\:t_\‘. lte reasoned.

Asslslltlll for (isnutlltllcnlitl Relations at
SUNY. Kerr (iL'tll. said SUNY has taken no
official position on tlte bill. 5>

progratrrs like

Neble urges blacks toward unity and identity

 

By Mark Hammond
Nl;'li'.\‘ EDITOR

New York City newscaster Gil Noble
stood before a predominantly black art-
dience and warned them of the pitfalls of
intoxication. sex artd bickering while remitt-
dirtg tltem of their allegicncc to the civil
rights movement. in a Campus Center
ballroom speech Tuesday night.

The esteemed Noble. six-time Emmy witt-
rter for his television documentaries and
host of the ABC's black forunt Like It I.r,
accredited his success to the work of such
black personalities as Malcolm X. Martin
Luther King and Paul Robesort. “Malcolm
X was one ot' the most irttportant people in
my life. I owe hint a gr 'at deal — you do
too." spoke Noble in the calm. resonant
voice of his profession.

“Never make the mistake of thinking you
have made it by youself." Noble said to the
crowd ofapproxirttatcly lot). “Don‘t forget
tltc extraordinary people who ltave preced—
ed you."

"I‘m concerned about black students on
campus. I ltcar reports of what I hear blacks
are doirtg -— tirttc spent irt trivia. Sortte are
drinking. snorting this ortc. smoking that

' LIMIT

otte. Not on this campus, but on other cam~
puscs." lte said with a note of sarcasm to
the clrtrckles of the crowd.

Noble said that a decade ago. an FBI of-
ficial told him that the FBI had undertaken
an intensive study ot' black culture. its
plays. music and movies. “Why? Because
the FBI felt the way to stop the black civil
rights ntovernertt is to understand where it
got its fuel from.

He tlrcrt pointed otrt how. “ironically.”
the black beat changed from gospel-like
freedom songs to “boogie music" and
movies portrayed black heroes as "bad
dudes in tigltt pants."

“It all began to ltave an impact on the
character of young people. They were
altered by the new value system."

“Movies began to come out that change
'alues,” Noble said. citing the characters of
black vigilantes Shaft and Superfly. “These
movies taught a lack of respect for the
elderly. for sex. l'or law and community.
Elders began to wonder wltere their
clridlren got their new values front."

Television shows such as Good Tit/res,
The Jefferyan and Thai '5 My Mama erod-
ed tlre black identity. Noble said, He warri-

ed against wasting time watching soap
operas artd sqttnndering quarters irt video
games.

"Cohabitation. drtrgs. alcohol, video
games — all these things are preventing you
frortt being the machine you once were.
They've changed yotr into a less in-
timidating force. This music. it is
disgraceful. It has no socially redeeming
value."

The civil rights movement is responsible
t'or pttttirtg you here." Noble stated. “In
the l960's (blacks) were pttlling at the
underpinnings ofsociety. Tltcy attacked the
business. political attd judicial fronts.
young people tlten were fearless."

Noble exhorted black students to get
their “academic artd political selves
together," "What I'm telling you is to be a
soldier for what is rigltt. You have rtrt
obligation to fight for your identity and for
your rttothct‘land."

Durirtg tlre rrtiddle of tire presentation.
one of Noble's lintnry-winning documen-
tarics The l.o.\‘.r of ()ur il'arrr'or. was sltowrt
on a large screen the 4S trtinute film
chronicled tlte tumttltous last years in tire
life of black nationalist Malcolm X. as be

‘0

Fri, DeCember J 81 Sat. Dec. 4

Sic F*cks

83 Hudson Ave.
M‘ Albany, NY

465-9086

rose to international prutttittancc before
assassinations by his own people.

"Malcolm X rrrade me open my eyes."
Noble said. "If Ire had not done what he
did. tlte NBC's and the CBS's might still be
lily-white. He's the r'ason l have my job."

Noble explained why the film was shown
during his lecture: “I wattt yotr to unders-
tand the liabilities we are heir to. I want to
tell you ot' the gospel of trrtity itr these
desperate times. It's sad lrtrt true but many
of you may not know about him."

“A lot of people wanted that man
(Malcolm .\') dead." Noble said. Malcolm
X was assassinated at the height of the civil
rights mo\ement by members of his own
group, the Black Muhammcdans.

"We descertded into bickering and
diviserress which caused us to take the life
of Malcolm X. It's a human condition. that
we tend to deteriorate and bicker."

“We need to understand the stress
among ourselves and battle forces which
may deter us and lead us irtto negativisrn."
Noble urged. "Maybe sitting here is
another Malcolrtr."

The presentation was sponsored by
ASUBA and Speaker's Forum. t

 

Dec. 5

Rocking Dakota Review
Buffet at 6:00 Show starts at 7:00

 

: lgFflpgigz our: PER I
CUSTOMER I
: ‘l’nco Pronto :
I
: Sunday :
' Special I
: Enchrto . .
I 2 Tacos I
: REGUIAR ¢ for $1.00 
I PRICE: I Sun ,
| $ 1.5 5 :
I .
I WITH THIS COUPON :
: OPFN DAILY—10:30 M-ttzoo M438-MDRIVE I
lHnU wmoow—ru R DINING-AMPLE name I
' 1246 WESTERN AVE. ALBANY (ACROSS museum
'--------------------------1

Wed, Dec 8
Agents

 

 

Thurs, Dec 9
Judy Junk

neighborhood business or
tavern.

 

. masked—n.

 

