  
    

 

 

_r . 7 ' .
g  Fm“!lu‘l‘lﬂl§flffrﬁI'I‘I’I‘Hmiv‘ﬁt‘l 1’4 '1". I. 0 I"

1' I' I1 I‘I’Im1Tm’Y‘“"1‘“1111.ul:l£|5l11‘1¥‘1

 .-.—. mu—tavq'

 

E'D‘

l-TOR.I

A_L

 

 

 

Speaking out against t

in our last issue we featured an article about
a rape victim's efforts to seek help in the
University (“Raped woman' finds little
University support,” September 24). This
woman brOught her story to us hoping that
by making her difficulties public, she could
help other victims of this violent crime by
:xposing what she saw as weak spots in the
University’s support of rape victims.

She did so at no small risk to herself. it
takes courage to expose yourself as a rape
victim, to label yourself as a “victim” -—
especially when your attacker still attends
this school. '

And she is scared of another attack. She
refuses to give us the name of her attacker,

in fear that if she does, he will come after
her again.

in part, she has succeeded in her efforts to

help other victims. After the article came
out, Middle Earth was very concerned about
its possible involvement in the woman’s d1;-
ficulty finding aid. Because of the confiden-
tiality involved in a counseling service ltke
Middle Earth’s, no individual cases could be
discussed, but they have stressed the impor-
tant counseling services they offer rape Vtc-
tims.

Middle Earth’s confidential services are
intended to help people recover from
traumas such as rape, not to build statistics.
They also admit that they are not perfect,

 

he night .

and that problems like the ones Ronna
Shapiro encountered are within the realm of
possibilities.

Her story also demonstrates that there is,
indeed, help f0r the victims of rape at this
campus. it took her some time. but she
found help from Gloria DeSole, the cam-
pus' Affirmative Action Director. DeSole
gave her moral support, and told about her
rights under the University’s student
disciplinary system.

It is important that rape victims make
their stories known. The knowledge that
people out there can help you might help
that woman walking toward the door of the
Public Safety building to open that door in-
stead of walking home in shame. it could
help the rape victim sitting in the lobby of
the Student Health Center to wait for a doc-
tor, instead of walking out, worried that no
one will care. It could you dial the phone
number of Middle Earth (457-7588) instead
of hanging up the phone.

But when there are problems in the
University’s extensive support systems for
victims of violent crimes such as rape, it is a
mistake to pretend that no problems exist.

What we need are more people like Ronna
Shapiro — people willing to open up to im—
prove services for rape victims, and pe0ple
like Gloria DeSole and Middle Earth -—- who
help when it is most needed.

 

 

 

Speck?

October 1, 1982

 

 

 

o L; U,M

N

 

 

Striving for a better economy

President Reagan and his policies have continually
betrayed the people who placed him in the Presidency and
placed faith in his programs.

Reaganomics has done little for the working class other
than segregate it from the consuming (rich) class. This
country is now more economically stratiﬁed titan ever.

Robert Martiniano

Every aspect of Reaganomies has been ill-conceived.
born on the backs of labor, and orphaned in infancy by
the working class out of its economic woes. Not only did
the money fail to “trickle down" to the working class, but
the supposed investments spurred on by this tax cut never
materialized.

Reagan's policies dealing with inflation have also failed
the working class. Reagan is fighting inflation with
unetnployment. He talks of unentploytnent hitting ten
percent. These are statistics and nutnbers to Reagan and
his cohorts, but reality to the people comprising the ever-
growing ttnetttployment lines. Theoretically the trade-off
of higher unemployment for lower inflation may be
reasonable, but ltow much reason can one ltave when
feeding a fatnily of four on unemployment insurance
which runs out after twenty-six weeks?

America needs a sane economical policy; not one
burdensome to the working class. America needs a policy
which fights inflation and still attacks the problem of
unemployment. America needs a policy which spurs in-
vestments in manufacturing while at the same time gives
consumers the money needed to buy the manufactured
commodities. America needs a program which IOWers the
amount of foreign trade entering this country and which
makes American commodities more competitive on
foreign markets. Below is an eight point program which
will accomplish these objectives:

1) The government will finance low-interest, guaranteed
loans to companies for rebuilding purposes. The govern-
ment will also provide matching funds on a ratio basis
with a stipulation tltut these companies 'must hire
unemployed workers and keep them on the payroll at least
one year. -

2) A quota will be placed on all imports. Needed funds are
escaping this nation due to the negative balance of trade

 

 

'with Our trading partners. We nced‘to keep this money in

our country, helping our economy.
3) A wage and price freeze will be imposed. This will help
stabilize the economy.

4) Optional reductions in wages for both management
and the workers. One reason our commodities are not
competitive abroad is the cost of salaries at all levels.

5) A job corps sponsored by the government similar to
the ones during the depression. These people would
rebuild our roads and bridges deeply in need of repair and
rebuild our inner cities.

6) An income tax based solely on a percentage of one‘s
income with no deductions allowed. This system would be
tnore equitable. Taxes on the working class would be
reduced with the rich finally paying their fair share.

7) A ceiling will be placed on the interest rates the
Federal Reserve charges to banks. This will spur private

KlWNNtA
(A wwnww
us simmer)

 

investing and consumer buying.

8) A cut in the defense budget with a percentage ol’thal
money going to social programs and the rest being used to
reduce the national deficit. This cut uccomplisltes two
things. it creates jobs in the private sector. and it
stabilizes interest rates by reducing the national debt.

These eight points, unlike Reagan’s programs, deal
with all aspects of the economy. We are revitalizing
manufacturing and creating jobs but not at the expense of
rising inflation. We are bringing more dollars into the
government treasury but not at the expense of the work-
ing class. We are keeping prices and wages down but not
at the expense of rising unemployment.

Most importantly, however, we ltavc a sane economical
program constructed to benefit all—not just Reagan and
his rich friends.

USSR

. (gnomes

maumsrs,
tarts AND
ES)

 

 

 

 

 

 

