.,.-..m. . rW...Fexo.-vs~7~..r~., ._ v,

 
 

 

 

   
  

h, .

. ike a single rosein acrovtrd of

L plastic daisies. A Chorus Line

. reminds 'us that the simplest
things are often the most satisfying to
the soul. A simple set. simple costumes,
and performers who. make their jobs
look simple create a show that leave the

Jessica Treadway

,
audience simply wanting more. if you
missed your chance the first or second
time around, yOu can still catch that
feeling when, A Chorus Line returns for
additional performances at Proctor's in
Schenectady February 23 and 24. You
may have a hard time getting tickets,
but it's worth the trouble.
Anyone who has ever tried out for a
high school musical will recognize the
show's setting: an audition. this for a
Broadway show calling for a chorus of
eight members, four women and four,
men. The hopefuls introduce
themselves to us throughout the even‘
ing, sharing their family backgrounds,
childhood dreams. and adult in-
securities with a director who wants to
get to know them before casting the
parts. By the time he is ready to an-
nounce his decision, we know whom
we want to win--for it is a clear case of
winning and iosing——and why: their
stories touch us on a gut level and make

 

 

 

 

Pepsi Bethel :' The Real

2 says he's from Greensboro.
H North Carolina, but to see him

dance you'd know his real
home nas been wherever jazz dancers
have made history. When you say
"Pepsi Bethel’s Authentic Jazz Dance
put the accent on

Theater."
"authentic."

Andrew Carroll

Bethel is an age-less (or 59-year-old,
if you want to get technical) showman
'vvho is all grace as he slithers a “Snake
Hips" across the stage in white tails and
bowler. or pure energy recreating the
crazed rhythms of such unlikely soun-

     

 

us feel we are the ones being scrutinized
and judged.

Some of'the auditioners are more in-
hibited than others, but because they
are all young and eager to please. they
give us some frank and funny insights
into the mind of a performer. Strong in-
dividual characterizations in the
Proctor's show make the most of author
James Kirkwood’s often humorous
“confessions.” as when one dancer,
originally from upstate New York. tells
us that he once considered killing
himself. “but i figured that to commit
suicide in Buffalo would be redundant."
Probably the most likable character in

ding dances as the “Fall-off-the-Log." 4,.

“Suzie-Q." or the "Shortie-Georgie.”i'
Bethel has made it his life~long mission
to preserve these and other signature
styles of early black jazz dance. and to
recreate them for modern audiences.
Bethel and his eight-member troupe
performed Friday night on the Main
Stage of the PAC. a Dance Department
sponsored performance that was a vic-
tory of enthusiasm and high spirits over
flawed craftsmanship.

Bethel. a leather-skinned leprechaun
in black dance shoes. draws on a per-
sonal half-century of jazz 'dancing and a
study of hundreds of years of African
and folk dancing in choreographing his

 

totto came home this weekend.

B returning to their native Albany

after several months away.

Broadway. Bowiie. Sergeant,
Cheese and Lee Harvey Blotto played
to a near sell-out crowd at J.B. Scott's
Saturday night, with a mixture of both
“old favorites" such as “l Wanna Be A
Lifeguard." and several new songs to be
released on an upcoming Blotto album.

A release date for the album. which
the group has just finished recording in
scenic Westchester County. has not
been set yet. Nor is there official word
on what label will release the album.

Among the songs on the album. that
the group played at J.B. Scott's was
“Occupational Hazard."

Like most Blotto songs. “Occupa-
tional Hazard" is a musical-parody in
story form. it is a typical representation
of Blotto's non-typical style.

"Hazard" describes Broadway’s
dilemma after a concert one night. On
his way to pick up a pretty girl he spot-
ted in-the audience, he is stopped by a

 

 

 

The Blotto BlOtter

nerd who wants to chat for an ltour or
two about such interesting topics as
guitar strings. straps and Broadway's
shoes. That guy is an “Occupational
Hazard."

Other highlights of Saturday night's
performance included “My Baby's The
Stat'of a Driver Ed Movie." and "Heavy
Metal Head."

For an encore. the group celebrated
Broadway. Bowtie and Sergeant
Blotto's tenth year together with Bowtie
grabbing his banjo. Sergeant pulling out
his harmonica and the audience swing-
ing to some country music.

in the finale. the stage exploded with
music and bursts of fire which shot from
the stage to the ceiling. The group then
made their exit. to rest up for an ap~
pearance the next day at Albany Public
Library.

Blottomania is spreading. with fan
clubs sprouting. up in Pennsylvania.
Washington, D.C.. and New Jersey;
but remember America. Albany had
them first! ~BRUCE LEVY:

 

 

 

the play is Cassie. the director's ex-
lover. played with a near-desperate
dignity by Ann Louise Schaut. who
. joined the touring company from the
show's Broadway production. Her solo
'dance “The Music and the Mirror" is
spectacular, and the audience is caught
up In the energy and excitement of the
slim. red-skirted figure winding across
the stage In front of the ever-present
mirror, which gives us a double view of
each stunning plrouette.

Laureen Valuch Piper is effective as
the tiny dynamo Val, who laments
throughout the audition. “When am |

troupe. He was nine years old when he
first took the stage (back in
Greensboro). learning dancing from the
streets and from the ballrooms where
the big bands played jazz and swing. He
_was drawn to the New York scene,
where the Renaissance and Savoy
Ballrooms uptown were giving birth to
the new dances—the Mooche, the Big
Apple. the Lindy Hop. He began formal
studies with jazz greats Herbert White
(creator of the Lindy), Al Mim, Leon
James. Norma Miller and other
denizens of the Savoy.

Bethel formed his first company in
1968. after almost 20 years of study at
Adelplii University and the Clark Center
of the Performing Arts in New York.
That first troupe owed much to contem-
porary modern and ballet techniques,
both of which were phased out as
Bethel moved towards more and more
traditional styles. ‘

Friday's program was a display of
those traditions. and a dancing tour of
the US. The first stop was “Minstrel,”
which is based on Bethel‘s study of the
fabled minstrel show jig competitions
between white dancer John Diamond
and the first great black professional.
William Henry “Juba” Lane. Bethel
danced Diamond as an inept harlequin
in polyester white-face (turning the
tables on the minstrel show tradition of
black-faced performers). Beau Parker
danced Juba. and like the troupe's three
other male dancers. was a long-legged
and powerful dancer. While the
choreography seemed more simple-
minded than Bethel's extensive
research promised. “Miilstre|" was an
entertaining revenge skit.

Duke Ellington's music formed the
backdrop of "The Apple." an homage
to New York City. Again Parker. along
with Dudliffe Chinnery. Alan Davage
and Clarkston McPhee. showed a find
command of the leggy. gliding

 

   

movements. And Tee Ross. the
‘ troupes senior member, was seductive
.. . . . . H".   ' ' 1'

gonna tits?" Daria Hill gives a touching
performance as Sheila. the glamoroug
redhead who does not want to admit
that her days as a chorus girl grow tower
as she approaches thirty. As Mrrggtg_
Kiel Junius treats us to an appealingiy
raspy voice as she joins Hill and Robert“
Stiehm in the poignant "At the Bullet."
The only disappointing feature of the
Proctor's show is the show‘s most
famous number. “What i Did for Love."
Roxann Caballero is a good actress and
a better dancer. and her earlier Solo.
"Nothing," plays without a snag. but
here her voice is too weak to sustain flit!
pathos of the auditioners discussing
what their lives would be like if they
could no longer dance. On the oliict
hand, the company number “One”
earns the biggest hand of the night next
to Schaut's solo. showing us a tap Coili-
bination that becomes increasingly thrill-
ing as the dancers practice their stops
before us and finally deliver a chorus
finale complete with top hats and hills
Even if you've seen the show below.
Proctor's itself is enough of a reason to
make the trip to Schenectady. The
theater is beautifully ornate and the
closest thing to Broadway around. No
matter where you sit or how much you
paid for your tickets. you'll hear every
note; and even if you had to stand in
line to see it. you‘ll be glad you did. '

Thing

and humorous in her segment. entitled
“Rhythm.” in “Era.” a dance “in honor
of great Jazz Artists." she was poignant
in a tribute to Ethel Waters (whose emo-
tional singing unintentionally drew tits
ters from Friday's audience). Davagc's
protrayal of Cab Calloway, perhaps the
best known of the era's greats. thanks to
the Blues Brothers movie, was it
Showstopper.

Bethel made his first appearance of
the evening without mask in “The ii 8
Chorus." which recreated dozens of
dance steps to Count Basie’s frcnvtu'
soundtrack. Bethel was style as ho li‘tl
the brightly costumed dancers in kirk».
splits. claps. and refreshingly. lauginm
One has only to see “The 8.5. Cliotm"
to understand why jazz dance down-m
preservation,

The finale, “Jazz Suite." was A
recreation of Bethel's ballroom din.»
with an exciting display of the lifts and
in»tempo “airsteps” that illiKlt‘ iln'
Savoy famous. Bethel closed with an
encore of his earlier shimmy. a blarix

cane tucked under the coat of a WWW
tuxedo. with white bowler. white SIM"
and white shoes,

Style wasn't quite enough to sustain
the entire program. The troupe nm'i‘l
seemed quite together. especially the
women in ensemble dances. Too dei’
of the dances seemed too similar. and
atrocious sound and amateurish staging
caused some discomfort.

Yet that is quibbling. Bethel makes no
pretenses as to technical virtuosity: H”
only promise is to deliver a good time.
and he didjust that. Authentically. l l

 

Love, Hate
and
l The
Boys In The Band

 

 

 

lust.

* In Friday’s Aspects *

 

paella from Spain; it may en-
courage dreams of travelling around
Europe or backpacking in Asia. But as
much as it is a festival of ethnic diversity.
World Week is also a celebration of uni-
ty.

 

Donna Corwin

Dr. Paul Ward. International Student
Advisor and coordinator of World Week
with Helen Desfosses. explains the
myriad facets of this week's events. ln-‘
cluding SA recognized groups such as
Korean Students, and lndlan and
Chinese organizations. World Week
proposes to “heighten awareness of the
various multicultural groups on
campus," World Week will include
films, panels. speakers and a host of
other entertaining and confrontational
activities.

 

 

 

s a rule. films adapted from
A plays look like films adapted

from plays. in others words.
they end up looking like closed-In set
pieces. Sometimes such movies can be
very good. sometimes they're even
entertaining. Often they're
claustrophobic. '

Jim Dixon

An exception to the usual rule is John
Badham’s enormously well-directed
film Version of Brian Clark's Whose Life
Is It Anyway?

Whose Life Is It Anyway? stars
Richard Dreyfuss as a Boston sculptor
who is turned into a quadreplegic after
an auto accident. Finding everything he
ever wanted to do in life beyond his
reach, and finding that everything he
will do will be determined by others. he
opts to be taken off the life-sustaining
devices that keep him from dying.

The film isn't as depressing as it
sounds. in fact. the marvel of it is that
you can‘t help cheering Dreyfuss as he
fights to be allowed to make a decision
you'll probably disagree with. The other
marvel. and the credit belongs to
Badham, is that while the star never
moves a muscle above his shoulders for
virtually all of the movie. Wlmse Life Is
It Anyway? isn't a static film.

Badham. whose major credits are
Saturday Night Fever and Dracula, has
never had a script this good before.
(Clark, author of the original play.
largely wrote the screenplay.) With a
good script. Badham has gone in one
leap from TV graduate and presenter of
shallow. mass entertainment to serious
director. He's a flashy and energetic
director, the sort of man to whom dazzl-
ing disco lights and exploding Crucifixes
seem perfectly normal tools of the
trade. Trapped inside the relatively
quiet confines of a hospital. he finds

new ways to add movement to his-
siory. For example. when Dreyfuss
starts to fall out of bed, he presents us
with a patient's-eye point-of:view. A
haunting dream sequence. in which
Dreyfuss recalls being able to do his
work. is filmed in dark. rich black and
white .
if ,it all sounds gimmicky. it doesn't-

Work that way on the screen. Badham is

primarily interested in telling the story in

the most effective way possible, and

largely succeeds. . . , . . .

 

 

 

 

 

I

The foreign students seem eager to
participate in these events, and to talk
about their experiences here. Though
certainly there are problems in America.
many students echo a positive opinion
of the U.S.A.

1Tomas is from Asturias. Spain. His
English keeps improving. When he has
a problem, he seeks Ward in the Cam-
pus Center. He prefers to spend time
with the other Europeans from Sayles
Hall. the international dorm on Alumni
Quad,’ although he finds the Americans
quite friendly. As far as foreign affairs.
"the Americans only worry about
Reagan—nothing else," says Tomas.
"Even the New York Times hardly
covers international events."

illW

 

 
  
  

1Kaz is from Japan. He likes'it here
but is more critical than Tomas. He
points out that anything here is less effi-
cient than it is in Japan. though more
human; in Japan; buses always run on
time. mail is delivered in a short period

and applications are processed quickly.
But here. it is more personal, less
mechanical. Kaz says. “Here. someone
always understands you." More em-
phasis is placed on the individual while
foregoing some organization. Adds Kaz.
"The sacrifice Is often worth it."

1Panikos is from Cyprus and speaks
Greek. He likes Albany and finds the
people warmer than the English with
whom he went to high school. He is a

Talk

    

e 4‘

 

John

The cast. which includes
Cassavettes as a stronngilled doctor,
Christine Lahti as an almost-love in-
terest, Kenneth McMillan from 'True
Confessions and Ragtime, and Bob
Balaban. who’s been popping up in
everything lately. is uniformly excellent.
Make no mistake though. it's Dreyfuss'
movie. Fortunately. the cloying oneA

‘,  ,, u,

Beats of Laredo

On Sunday. February 2] at 3 p.m..
pianist Ruth Laredo and flutist Paula
Robison will perform at the Egg as the
final concert in the Classical Music
Series presented by the Empire State
Performing Arts Center. Admission is
$6 and $3 for students and senior
citizens.

 

Flick Shtlck

“Roads of Exile." the prize-winning
film on the life of Rousseau is next on
the Pri2e international Cinema Series
on February 19 and 20 at 8:30 pm. in
the Recital Hall. Tickets are $2.50
general public and $1.75 for students
with 1D.

The Fireside Theatre is presrnting
Grease on Wednesday. February 17 at
8:30 pm. in LC 7.

More movies—The Eighth Step Cof-
feehouse is showing "invasion of the
Body Snatchers" on Thursday night.
Call 434-1703 for show time.

PAC-men /

The Boys in the Band opens today at
the Studio Theater in the Performing
Arts Center. Written by Mart Crowley
and directed by Peter Bennett. the play
will run ,from ,February .1020 and
February 23-27. Tickets are $2.50 will.

 

  

 

liners usually found littering most of
Dreyfuss’ films have been held to a
minimum. Dreyfuss himself gives his
best performance sinCe Jaws, which l’ve
always thought his most underrated.

if all adds up to a very intelligent
movie. The dramatic point. that people
have the right to die with their own idea

     

'L’.

 

Roll Shu/le will pc
with pianist Andrew Rangoll) tomorrow n

o] the PAC, presented by the Department of Music Guest Artist Series.
Sim/1e is a 31-year-old German who has been praised by the New York Times

[or "o mixture of technicalﬂreutorks, enrol

.
fft‘ is u member of the American Campuses Orchestra and "Speculum Mustcae

o] New York.

Tickets for the concert are $5.00 general admission. $3.00 for senior citizens

and students. and $2.50 with a tax Card.

a SUNYA tax card, $3.00 for students Committee on World We'ek'in the Main
and senior citizens. $5.00 general. Call Theatre at 7:30 pm. tonight.

457-8606 for more informafion.

Bly by Night

There wil be a poetry reading by,
Robert Bl'.‘ Spopsore’d by the Depril‘of'
En'glfsh, bilege ‘ of Humanities' and l

   

   

r/orm a‘program of Beethoven piano-violin sonatas (along

IFebrhary' '18'at  _

 

Round The World In SeVen Days r.
  2:: ‘

computer science major. which he feels
will be quite useful to his conntry. There
is never much about Cyprus in the
news—and he misses it. He often looks
around in wonder at this altogether new
environment and asks himself. “Could
this be possible where i come from?"

1Basam is from Jordan. He likes the
food here more than anything else. His
English is hesitant. but he is sure he’ll
become fluent with time. He. too. is a
CSl major. hoping for better opportuni-
ty training here than at home. Of course
Basam also likes the Weather here. and
he feels safe. “To be a student atAlbany
is a good feeling—l will continue to go
here." .

World Week is a "good representa-
tion of the 478 students from over 70
countries" that we have here at SUNYA
says Coordinator Ward. Hopefully this
week American students will begin to
appreciate these foreign students as
they appreciate us.

5

of dignity. is argued rationally from both
sides. and yet the movie never turns in-
to a soapbox. it’s very much the kind of
movie people argue about afterwards.
At times it hurts—it's isn't pleasant to
watch a man come to terms with his
sexuality when there’s nothing left to

come to terms with. But it's being able .

to present drama this well that makes
this one of 'the best movies in a good
ear. ' _ n, .
ironically. an intelligent. well-made.
adult film. Whose Llfe Is It Anyway? is
the most upsetting of the post-
Christmas casualties. With nothing
making as much as it was supposed to.
the entire winter box office seems to
have been jinxed. it's a pity to see a film
this good go down the tubes with the
rest. But look at the bright side. At least
the lines shouldn't be too bad. But
Whose Life Is It Anyway? would have
been worth standing in line for. El
____________

 

 

/ ' .~ ind

ight at 8:00 pm. in the Main Theatre

tonal heal and intellectual command. "

r

Crunch Nettle Qulh
Mary Reed Newland wiil'present a

film and iecture_'o_rt the Nestle‘llnfarit ‘

 

 

Forlniilia Cbn‘trov'e'r'sy‘ Von, '.  gursda'y’,

 
  
 

 

 

