   
      

 

.. c... u. .

Around the: rim

Bucking the Odds

         

'1 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS_t:t ocroasa 26. 19.92
.‘ .'*_l.  ,- .= ~~ v  '

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Mes Wagoner-elm .3. 

By Bill Fischer
smrrwmrsn

if you asked people We follow
the NBA to ‘predict this year's
champion. the great majority of in-
dividuals would tell you i) Lakers
2) Celtics 3) 76ers. not necessarily in
that order. A few longshot players
might tout San Antonio or Seattle,
but both clubs are a cut below the
top three. One team that falls in.
between the top three and the next
two clubs is Don Nelson's

 

Milwaukee Bucks. This club his
narrowly missed in the playoffs for
the past couple of seasons. but in
this recently concluded off-season.
they have made moves which could
very well put them over the top.
They traded their point guard.
Quinn Buckner. to the Celtics for
34 year old Dave Cowens. who has
been out of the NBA for two years
now. Cowens. though. is a fierce
competitor who can provide the
Bucks with a combination of mus-

  

-...._.-... v» .~ ,.,..,.

etc and finesse not seen in

' MlIWaukee since the injury-caused
departure of David Meyers.
Buckner’s absence will be made up
by draft choice Paul Pressey of
Tulsa. a defensive wizard who must
improve his offense.

The real reason behind picking
Milwaukee, however. is the ex-
pected return to prominence of for-
ward Marques Johnson. Plagued
last season by a late start when he
held out for 20 games. the UCLA
alumnus never regained his All-Star
form. This year. Johnson has been
. in camp from the start. and it is his
star capabilities. while staying
within the team concept. which
could propel the Bucks all the way
to the top. ‘

A heavy load of games is set
tonight to mark the start of this
year‘s NBA action. There are
several teams which. for better or
worse. have made changes in search

of res in the golden ring. Earlier.
in tghe 5%: we discussed‘the 76ers’
case —- here's a few more.

.NY Knicks - New coach Huble
Brown has a track record of having
teams that play hard-nosed. clawing
defense. if he can make the Knicks
do that for an entire season. he‘ll be
very popular in the Big Apple. The
Knicks. however. do not rebound
well at all. and have spent the last
couple of seasons watching op-
ponents run a tap drill on their
hoop. Last week. they traded their
point guard. Michael Ray Richard-
son. to Golden State for Bernard
King. a swap which should help the
Knicks in the long run but leaves
them without a legitimate point
guard for now. A year or two down
the road. the Knicks should move
up the ladder. For now. it's a learn-
ing process.'

Chicago - Last season at this time.
the coach was Jerry Sloan. and the

 
 

' 

centers were Aﬂmore and
Coby. Dietrick. A year later, the
coach is Paul Westhead. and there
are three Centers: free-agent signeee

Dave Corzlne. rookie §Wallacc
Bryant. and Tom Burleson. Cprzine
has proved a disappointment in pre-
season piay. but the recent arrival
of Mark Olberding should help
remedy this situation. If he can play
as well as expected. the team that
doesn’t have a set play could prove
troublesome. Westhead's running
style should ignite the Chicago
Stadium crowd. and if the Bulls
start winning. the Chicago Bull will
have a lot of fans to visit as he
roams throught the stands. The
Bull. by the way. is the only NBA
mascot ever to be given a technical
foul and ejected from the game.

San Diego - if you drive by the San
Diego Sports Arena in near ftttttrc.
don‘t be confused. Yes. there is a
6‘7" man standing in front of the
huilr" v ing over and over simply

 

     
 
   

i—r

 

 

When a good
your canthie3 tank

s

When you get paid back with
._. interest like this, it sort of makes you

t.-.

wish he’d borrow things more often.
Open up a few cold ones
and toast a guy who really
knows how to return a favor.
Tonight, let it be
Lowenbréiu.

Liiwenbriiu. Hees to good friend‘s;

etmmmwwwmm-

friend 

rrows
maynot come backfull.
ut the trunk does.

the word. “oscilliunt.” That. sports
fans. is Latin for "Help." is exactly
what Coach Patti Silas arid the San
Diego Clippers need a lot of.
They’ll have Bill Walton one night a
week. bttt if they don't cough tip
some bucks. they won‘t have liill
Waltott one night a week. bttt it“
they don't cough up some bucks.
they won't ltave Terry Cummings at
all. The Clippers are in dire need of
guards. bttt they don‘t have excess
talent tip from to trade for one. the
presence of ('ttttttmugs could in-
tlealt. The sad thing is that Paul
Silas may very well be a line coach.
btit he'll probably get the limit
before we can find ottt.

Next weck. we'll start previewing
the college basketball season. which
should be a very interesting one
with the different conferences CV
peritiienting with different rides.
When the NCAA tournament ar-
rives in March. which conference‘s
team will have an edge. and which
won’t? We‘ll look at this next

week. I I

Forging ahead

<Back Page
the tackle positions.

“The size is their strength. and
they're quick." said Guyette.

The Saxons also have a very
strong secondary. Leading the
patrol is Brian O’Neill. a selection
on last year's All-ECAC Upstate
New York team. “He’s a great
football player." cotntncttted Ford.

“Overall it probably is the best
defensive team we‘ll see.” described
Guyette. The Danes can expect to
see a lot of nine and ten man fronts
forcing Albany to go to the air, ac
cording to Guyettc.

“We‘re going to try to execute all
our running attacks especially otir
triple option. We’ll be putting the
ball iii the air to try to keep them
spread out a bit," added Gtiyette.

The Danes have some added in-
centive in playing the Saxons.
Alfred has defeated the Danes in
each of their last two meeting and
Guyettc hinted there is a score to
settle.

"They‘ve got a great football
tradition down there and we‘re go—
itig with a little revenge motive," he
said.

All action can be lteard tomor-
row on 9i FM beginning at 12:55
pm with Phil Pivniek and Howard
Strudler. if]

 

‘ l

'in the big world of sportscasting '

By Mike Carmen

SPORTS EDITUR .

 

D.J.. and painted the walls." said Rowan of his early

nel to 6:00 pm. newscast. He's the slightly portiy', later. it was on to WTEN and anchoring the weekend
gentleman who appears at approximately 6:30 pm. ' news and then. l4 years ago he assumed the job of
and tells you if the islanders won or if Burnt Hills High ' sports director. '

school defeated Niskayuna in men’s soccer. First l‘ll But who is this guy we watch nightly while we live in
tell you his namehls William J. Rowan. Jr.. but i doubt SUNYA symmetry. "i am a sports fan who is a profes-
this means anything to you. ill continue to tell you he sional announcer. i enjoy what l'm doing and its my
to also named Rip Rowan some thoughts will begin to job-ail the better." the Ripper adds. Yes the Ripper
enter your mind. Lastly. if i just simply say "the Rip- has fulfilled the sports enthusiasts dream of using
per almost everyone reading will know l'm referring sports its a livelihood. That's telling it like it is Rip.

“I am a sports fan who is a professional
announcer. lenioy what l’m doing and it’s

m y iob-all the better. ” .
—Flrp Rowan

 

i to the most popular sportscaster in the Albany viewing and speaking of “telling it like it is" what dues Mr.
area. I ' Rowan think of the mttn who originated that phrase:
The Ripper is no amateur to the national and local “Howard (‘osell has great act. he makes a lot of
sports scene. He has recently celebrated his twenty- money doing it and i agree with him about 10 percent
fifth year in broadcasting with 12 of those years at of the time." '

WTEN news. Rip Rowan is a native of the great So if the King of Verbosity is not Rip's ideal sports
Northeast-born tnSchencctadybred in Amsterdam and personality who does he admire? His answer to the
presently residing in Colonic. His love of broadcasting question might seem a bit peculiar considering maybe
began as. kid fooling around with the pot boiler radio i2 SUNYA stttdents have heard of the man but a fur-
of the kid down the block and a high school broad- [her look will explain all. Rip Rowan has the deepe5t
casting class. At lthaca College he majored in radio respect for Ned Herkness. Who? Of course ex-coach
and T.‘V. and after graduation he landed a job disc ofthe Detroit Wings. RH. and Cornell. More recent-
jockeying on Amsterdam's WCSS. ly. he has been the general manager of the Adirondack
Red Wings and is the current trend of the Olympic
Regional Development Corporation. “He is a man
. who gets things done and is very fair with the press.
Herkness does tellit like it is ."

Although Rowan doesn't have a local major league
team to root for lie is an avid Yankee fan. He is a
“lifelong Yankee fan‘I but is very disappointed its
‘ ~ most are. with Steinbrcnncr's antics. “l was also

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

OCTOBER 26. I982 Cl ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS Spom 

m
The Ripper—a real professional

“At WCSS i was news director. sports director.z

You might watch him every week night on the Chan- radio experience. A few years later. and a few jobs"

lPtzza/Catzono/Paeta dleheaIHot and Cold Subs/MOREH

I , rmsv's' . -
ttatlan Restaurant and Pizzeria
Long Island Ster

DELIVERED mascer ro noon
(em to MM)

15 Watervllet Ave.

, Albany

 

 

 

- Albany. NY
- Connect cut

- Manhattan

- Central a. North
New Jersey

- Woltchestor

i
ADELPHI UNIVERSITY

Extensive All-hr. 4 week or 32-hr. "Weekender"
courses - Live lectures - Simulated grain
conditions - 5 mill home-study materials '
Tape library - -to-date course materials o
‘iiroup It indlvi ual counseling

,. ome to a “Free Sample Class." Oct. 25, '
t6:30 PM. at the Albany Thruway ilnuse.
Ail-hr. course begins Nov. 2.

Far a tree brochure and an :nvuatton to a tree sample
class covering the LSAT and the Law School

admissmn process  

mmm. (5”5)481-4034

Adelphi University's LSAT Preparation Course
Center tor Career In liielong learning
307 Eagle Avenue. West llompstead. DH. 11552
In cooperation With
The National Center tor Educational Testing Inc

GUARANTEE: Score in the top 25%
or take the next course FREE.

 

 

 

hopeful the Mets would improve with their new
owners. but that hasn't happened. unfortunately."
.adds Ripper. “it's going in the right direction and i
would like to see a Long island Freeway series."

While watching a typical newscast many can‘t see
the time and effort involved in writing a sports
telecast. Each day the Ripper must search the wire ser-
vices for National stories and shoot local games. At
5:00 there is an electronic feed front ABC that he uses
for videotape. He has to cut any tapes he takes and
make voiceovcrs for the tapes. The Ripper also writes
his own scripts and lastly “must be ready when the red
light goes on" so we can possibly catch a glimpse of
one of Albany State’s sports teams in action.

Rowan has a very high regard for Albany‘s teams.
“A good Division iii sports school with excellent
coaches. Ford and Saucrs' records speak for
themselves."

And Albany State feels the same about Rip. Hc cn-
joys the popularity and recognition he receives. and
thinks he “has a great rapport with college kids."
Lovable William J. Rowan. Jr.. excuse me. Ripper,
is a pleasure to watch amidst the ltorror stories that fill
‘ the news shows today. He is not of the stature of
Howard Cosell. but if you ask any reasonably
knowledgeable sports fan "who is Rip Rowan" one
would think they would answer quite readily “he does
Y Rlp Rowan recently celebrated his twenty-filth sports for TV to." And knowing that people know
anniversary in sportscasting. He has been at that probably brings a huge smile to William J.
WTEN for 12 years. Rowan. Jr.’s face.

i

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
    
  

 

 

 

&

Torre wins Manager of the Year

——————————1

Tim
[1008

I

You’re 9W
/

459-3100
1375 Washington Ave.

_______________1

Special Rattt$300 E

“Single ofDoubIei

.___..__..._. ___WITH COUPON—l
MONDAY- L NCHEON
FRIDAY PECIALS

.99

$2.49

 

Great Danes
vs.
Alfred

tomorrow on

 

 

 

91 FM at 12:55

 

-...su4 ..-l‘r‘--A-r».....-..'..,

.1.\‘-$vvl-VA

. Atlanta
(AP) He was ﬁred one year and
Manager of the Year the next. And
Joe Torre ﬁnds it both amusing and
satisfying.

Torre. who guided the Atlanta
Braves to their ﬁrst division title
since 1969 in his ﬁrst year at the
helm. was nnied The Associated
Press National League Manager of
the Year in balloting released
Wednesday. He received 35 of 79
votes cast by a nationwidc panel of
sports writers and broadcasters.

Runner-up was Frank Robinson
of tbo'San Francisco Giants. who

received 22 votes. Whitery Herzog

of the world champion St. Louis
Cardinals was third with l9.

Puffing on a cigar and wearing a
cowboy hat as he prepared to leave
for a month-long vacation. the
Braves manager said. “it’s very
satisfactory and kind of funny.
tooo. going from getting ﬁred by
the New York Mets one year to
Manager of the Year the next.

“i knew i had a shot. but Frank
Robinson did a great job and so
did Whitey Herzog." 'said Torre.

“i always felt i was a good
manager. but the botom line is wins
and losses. but it feels good to know
that hard work works." Torre said.

He called his work this year “the

- most fun i ever had in baseball. bet-
ter than leading the league in hit-
ting. better than the MVP award.”
Torre. who compiled a .297 bat-
ting average in 17 major league
seasons. played eight years for the

Braves before going to St. Louis in I

l969 and ﬁnishing his playing
career as player-manager with the
Mets.

ironically. Torre left the Braves
the year before their l969 NL West
title and played in St. Louis for the
next six years. 1969-74. lN 197i. he
won the NL MVP and batting title
with a .363 average.

gimp
sandw6§0

————————_-‘

532%

,____99@

' 5% OFF

BANQUETS

 

 

I
I
l
l
I
i
t.

 

-——ff—n+q—HW COUPON-l-

 

.\._......,~.-,__r.rﬁ.¢ ;

 

