  

g is...“ r...” Esau-"a

 

“V;
out
to;

P“,

a v'
ye.
i t)

)'L‘
fr~
of
.u

\ t
m

 

 
 

 

D

 

[TORI

Behind closed doors '

There's an old joke that bears repeating itt a recent con-
text. it goes something like:
Q. What‘s the difference between ignorance antl ur-
rogtmce? '
A. I don ’I know and I really don ‘I care.

The joke is funny. but the context isn't. During Central
Council's recent impeachment hearing and trial Council
closed its meeting to the students it serves for the first time
we're aware of. And while behind doors. where it was out-
side the scrutiny of students. Central Cottneil violated state
law. The worst part is that the person responsible for Cen-
tral Council’s disregard for state statutes doesn‘t care abottt
the law.

In a .frontvpage article in today's isstte. Central Council
Chair Jeff Fromn‘ says. "You’re goittg to have to bring us
to court . . . Wltetr'er it's the law or not. it's wrong based
on the situation we are dealing with at the titnc. If that's a
law. it's a poor law." Fromm seems eager to enforce
Robert's Rules at Council meetings. bttt is reluctant to pay
attention to higher laws tltat cvcrt sttch elevated people as
Central Cottncil cltairs are obligated to follow.

The fact is tltat yes. Central Cottncil can legally go into
executive session, that is. close a meeting to non-Council
tnembers when discussing certain bttsittess. Fromm didn't
realire until we brortght it to hisattcntion that Council must
follow certain procedures set down in tire statc's Opctt
Meetings Law itt order to legally close it meeting. The fact is

C

O L

that the Cottttcil meeting that was closed for the Impeacfh-
tncnt hearing November l7 was Illegally closed. At t e
tinte. Central Council wasn't even aware of the fact that an

Open Meetings Lass exists!
.

Because he brottght the law to the attention of the chair
last Wednesday. that executive session was legally entered
into. llowcvcr. l’romm was again negligent because he paid
no attention to the fact that the state's Freedom of infor-
mation Law also applies to Council. This law requires that
a voting record tuust be compiled that identifies ltow in-
dividrral members voted itt every instance in which a vote is
taken. Minutes of tlte cxccutivc sessiotts that Council enters
into must indicate who voted in favor. and who voted
against the impeachment resolution.

This legal requirement was blindly ignored by Fromm
and the Council he cltairs. Voting in executive session was
done by “secret ballot."

When l-‘tomm was informed by ottr reporter that Central
Council had violtrted state law. ltc arrogantly snorted.
“You're goittg to ltavc to bring us to court.“

Well. that's one of the optiotts that we're ttow consider-
ing. it seems that Central Council considers itself above

state laws that are intended for the maintenance of a
democratic society that the public business be perfornted in
an open attd public manner." if it takes a lawsuit to get
Central Council to become responsive to the needs of the
students and to give some respect to the student's right to

U

M

know. then a lawsuit they'll have. -

Council and Fromm should remember that they ate in bi.
(ice to serve the students. not play littlc potsct games \rith
the press and with each other. Central Council has an
obligation to respect the laws of this state while they art-ac.
ting for the tax-paying students of this university. llrcirig
norance of such basic laws of governmental operation a.
the Open Meetings Law and Freedom of Information (a.
is disgusting.

Beyond the fact that Central Council can close Ils LL'llmn
meetings is the argument that it should never close a
meeting. Even during the heat of the election ltttttd coir-r-
ttp scandal of the Newmark ‘adminstrruion :tll lllcclltlgs
were open to interested students. Wlty docs l-rorutu and
Central Council suddenly find it nccessrtrv
meetings? What do they have to little?

Certainly Central Council attd Cltair Jctl l rourut .tte tutl
serving the student interest by openly and blatcnth
violating state law and challenging people \\ltt) disagree to
knock tltc chip off their shoulder with a lawsuit,

The only way to have the law enforced is for an “rtggrtcr.
ed“ person to file a lawsuit. The Albany Slot/ctr! I'tt-rr tlt)t‘\
not have the financial resources of Student Association,
and a lawsuit would be a significant expense tor us.
However. if we have to sue to get the arrogant. ignorant
idiots of SA's govcrtting body to respch the \llttlL'llls they
serve uttd to respect tltc laws of the state the) l|\L' irt \tL’

N

it close

 

 

not be incorporated into the new
rangements. According to the new order. the Nationalist
Party will not deviate front its declared policy that all
Blacks should exercise their political rights in the ban-
tustans.

Orchestrating a race war

The story is by no means tic“ in South Africa. where

more than three million Africans have been callously
ttprootcd and told to rcscttlc elsewhere in tile past quarter
of a century dtte to the policy that has rcsttltcd in human
coitsewcesof scale :y'cl>ttll\\lltit.‘\st'tl in Iltc world.

[Japhet M. Zwana

The Boers hate struck from behind tltc laugct' once again
as they have so many times bcl‘otc. A progressive little town
of some tnore than 50,000 people. with about a down
schools. about ten churches, many general stores. a huge
community center and a clittic. has been declared “white”.
The regime has ruled that the town must be struck down
and all its African residents remmcd. It is evident that tltc
pleas of Chief (icotge Ramakgopa to stop the evacuation
will go rtnhecdcd.

During the motrth of November. the Mittistcr of Con-
stitutional l)c\clopmcnt and Planning, .l. Chris llcunls.
made a presentation at a political meeting in a Pretoria
suburb where lie was heart] to say. “Any suggestions that
Blacks might be given representation in the projected tltrce-
chatnbcr South African Parliament are purposeful lies.“
He went on to emphasize that lilacks in tire rural han-
tustans and those in the white areas of South Africa would
constitutional ar~

Noting that if Blacks were included iii the new

legislature. the racial ratios would be 36 Africans to 9
Caucasians to 5 Coloreds and
rhetorically. "What would then remain of the principle of
maintaining civilized standards?"

to 2 Asians. he asked

it is the suggestion of this column that the present ar-
rangement has been and continues to be unacceptable to
Africans and. indeed to Asians and Coloreds and that the
final solution will be determined by the intransigence of the
white rulers. Since the problem is clearly racial so is the
resolution bound to be.

The history of South Africa (Azania) bears a series of
developments that have prodrtccd the present political.
economic and social mosaic. The territory is a former col-
ony under Britain. in l9l0. the four provinces of
Transvaal. Cape, Natal and Orange Free State formed the
Union of South Africa within the ltritish Commonwealth
of Nations.

in 1948 the Nationalist Party. under the control of the
Boers. won the general election defeating the moderate
United l’arty dominated by English elements. It was under
the auspices of the Nationalist Party that basic legislation in
(‘r‘u-Il‘ «tun... "mt. 'In nmtnntre turn are rt‘l'ﬂW"

" “War-omen ;

> I949 . Prohibition o_/'Ini.vetl marriages act

> l‘)5t) - Int/noro/itwtt-t (St-v between Blacks and Whites
\vas a crime)

> l95l - Representation of Voters Act (Removal of
lilacks and (,‘oloreds frotu Role)

> 195] - Itrlttltt .‘lIIl/ltﬂlllt’) .‘lt'l ((iovcrnment appointed
chiefs to oversea bttntustans~nativc Reserves)

> [953 - Ila/rm Education ’th (Central Government
Educational Control. no church powers. strict school
segregation)

> l953 - Nlllll't' Labor .'l('l (Africans not considered its
employees. could not belong to unions and thus. ttot pro-
tected by trade ttrtiort laws)

This bizarre legislation was in addition to the “Reference
Book" Act of l952. which introduced a refurbished
passbook containing art Al'ricun's photograph. idcttlity
card. registration number. ctltrtic background. influx con-
trol and labor bur'catt authorizations. tax receipts. work
record, current address of employment. and employer‘s
signature. in NS] the Reservation of Separate Amenities
Act segregated post offices. rail stations. trains. bridges.
 park benches. benches. swimming pools. and

The sine-qua-non of the apartheid system was the l‘)5()
(iroup Areas Act. which the then Prime Minister 1). F.
Malan characterized as “the Kettth of the apartheid policy

“The cornerstone of the

production and distribution.

"A crowd of several thottsatrd gathered ctll‘l\ ill the tiltlf-
ning. The protesters fortncd a procession three quarters ul
a trtilc long and marched to tltc municipal oliices at tile in
trance to the township. Police threw tear gas rtud charged
with batons to disperse the protesters. A little later. :rlruul
tctt thousand African tncn. women and children surround-
ctl the police station in tire township. The lt‘ittlk‘h til llls‘
W'Ulcsl explained to a police lieutenant that they “allied to
be arrested for not having their passes with thcttt.

Shortly after [:10 p.m.. without airy \\’tll‘lll|l_L'. vt'H'lill
police began shooting. The others followed, A number 0|
demonstrators started to laugh. apparently llllllhllltl tlttlt
the police were firing blanks. But the laughter qtticld) tutrr
cd into terror as protesters crutnplcd to tltc ground- Wilt?
after volley of pistol and automatic weapons the lore mm
the flccittg crowd. The shooting lasted less than a minute
but when it stopped. the area around the police station \Hb
cluttered with dozens of bodies. According to the rtllit‘tttl
count. sixty-seven demonstrators died that day. More than
It“) were injured. The (Wcrwltclming rruiiority had been
shot in the back." The foregoing is a description ol Moth
dil)’. March 2i. I960 at an African lowttsltlpjtrst tlltlsltlt‘ ol
VClt‘Clllgillg. South of Johannesburg. lts llilltlU is
Shorpevi/Ie.

apartheid policy is that

baSically: Africans do not have human, civil or political
rights... ”

 

. . . the most crucial for determining the frtturc ofrace 
tions."

The sense or nonsense ol‘ the foregoing can be further
understood in the light of the following statistics:
a) 4 million Wltitcs (l6 percent) own 87 percent of best
land.
h) 4 million Whites own (76 percent) of total wealth.
c) 23 tntllton Africans occupy (don't own) I! percent of
poorest land.
(1) 23 million Africans share 24 percent of total wealth

The cornerstone of the apartheid policy is thin basically'
Africans do not have human. civil or political rigltts and a;
such. they cannot vote. cannot elect representatives to
’arliament. ltavc no rigltt of assembly. cannot Organize
political parties. do not qualify for protection by police: 0.-
cottrts. liven tltough they provide over 83 percent of the
cheap labor force. they own none of the means or results of

la-

From Sharpevillc through Soweto. things hﬂW “CV”
been the same in South Africa. Clearly. South African
Whites are orchestrating a race war whether or "0‘ by
L‘ltOICC. la the minds of most observers. South Africa will
not surrender power voluntarily. In the manner 0"
Sharpcville. Langa and Soweto. the White ruling Elli-5'5 Wi”
not balk {it shedding the blood of thousands of Black“ “’
preserve ttsvoppressive and profitable system "l. whim
capitalist supremacy.

The US. should seriously ask with Gwendolyn C‘”'”"
and atrswcr the question. “What should the WCSt do of-
trctally to urge the South African government to respsmd m
the forces within that country that have increasingly '“l‘l
bare the inadequacies ofits black policies?" l :

\_H__kﬁﬁ n v -»

Dr. ’
A,” “£eran is a professor of the Afﬁrm” and Amp
Wt! 1m Slur/res Department.

 

  

 

December 3. 1982

 

 

 

     
 
 

~lee ‘ 
"Poi:an
we" .

      
  
   

  
  
  
 
  
  
 

 

 
 
  

 

' ._.Z I- a... —-"
wove [MC " ‘ . -
STEM wnttilN ““ ,. .. ~— .
man SERVlc§°5Jn ‘°° "9:160le WW" .
5 R‘giﬂtdllggnu‘n 0N Rgvmﬁ .- ‘ “Cl; ’1 w .
' sTA , r ,_  ,. . «e
M Au tstuVﬁfzhA‘i‘PmN.‘ cLeM—l‘i SEK ‘ .

 

r ‘. MALL

    

r:t FEMALE

' m7 4 my“

5M1

   

  

 

 

 

ACE— 
00 N01 wrote ttt mt Attttstr.  n
‘SOCILL ‘ECUNYV NUMtlHt

 
 

EM
SELECTNE SERVlCE SY ST

rm
' lion F0 gust ,— ._
e “"0 or. am I -. _
. til/.cgw misﬁt/{luv - .* _,
“Worm MUN mm. at amt V W
. . r L" MALE

         
 
 

[-‘rEMALh .

""“(e-It ’

   

kc:—
c N rut: MO“ 57. s- ’-

 

        

 
 
 
 

wtttT .
. M .|)U “0‘ 0MB t
lCE 5“ S‘E ‘ virus“)an “
ECllVE 5E ' n Form rust‘ r-" ‘ SOL - 
55“ Régistt’allo”m;t«mum‘- ' I . r -
(:1 all" ' AMY SH .
we“ ". ‘tttNl “‘ . r
nth” '7“ ricM“ _‘ '

 
 
 

 
 

‘ m. mum

   
  

  

it
‘ “1L ‘" i

-00 "0‘
. sod

\MW 1 V ,

 
 

 

5r} ..  ,.’--
. . Nile-

\ r t \W‘LE .

  
  

  
  
  
 

wield"

    
 

. ,.-. #1.]an .
2.11 sum“ 6‘
\0

la“
y. \m‘
3 cm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

