Laf!‘

 ““‘" ._ ,. _' W“ "

.w.»m~,........._.p-— _.
..._ .- «Us - W”-.. .

— -—-:-,—.,~

 4.1» I 

swim-(Ami. V c. \

arm "Bi-{ha



its.

 

 

 

Student Aid Pinched ’

WASHINGTON, l).C. (Al’) Milliotts ot American
students frottt the first grade through graduate school
will pay irt diminished opportunities it" (.‘ortgressareecdes
to Reagan's request to ctrt education aid by ttrote than
$3 billion. edtieation interest groups charge.

College stttdertts could be tlte first to feel the |tl:'slt,.

Reagan warns to oust graduate students Itortt "re
Guaranteed Student Loan ptogrartt attd irrrpose new
curbs and higher repayment titles on rtttdergradttates el
fcctive April I.»

Tltc Antericati Courteil on lzdtrettttort charged that I
rnillion.studcnt.s wottlrl lose sir-called l’cll (trains and LJ
million would lose loans. \Htt‘k'sltldy ittbs and otltct aid.

The cotrncil said this 'r'wottld lttt‘ce hundreds rrl
thousands (II students to dttrp oitt or change tlteit ("lie
ital plans.“

Edcuittion Sec 'tary 'I .ll. Hell said Saturday tre drrl
not think colleges were "crying \voll" ltl tlterr \tltlt'
phrims. hm added. “l don't llllttkllllete's going to be a
wltolesale removal of students Itottt higher cdttcatron.”

Overall, the etrts proposed by ltcagitn would rrttucc
cdttcation'spending lII lI‘-r.‘itl I‘JKJ to $9.95 billion. t:ti.t
compares witlt Si] ltlllltttt til the current budget and \ l i
hilliort in War.

 

Five :iJay Be Charged

BUFI ALU. N.Y. (Al’) Officials are considering
criminal charges against two Norttterrt Irislt crti/ens attd
thtec Canadians who were arrested while allegedly tryrug
to slip ittto the United States to procure urtrts tor tlte
Irish Republican Army. .

Benedict U. I-ctro. head ol tlte littl'fulo ollice ot the
Immigration and Naturalization Set \iee. said the Inc —
wltorir Ire ret'ttscd to identity ~ were arrested lit rrtrrrrttes
apart “late Saturday going Illlt' Sunday" when they
tried to drne across the Whirlpool lltttlge from t arran-
d'a into Niagara l-itlls. N.Y. l crto said stunt! to kirktxttt
in cash was conl‘iscastcd and the ctidenee was turned
over to Us. Attorney Roger \\rtltartrs‘ slull.

“They my: euttslderlug cr'uu'rtlal \tlueeerlirtgs.” “L‘IIU
said. "Once we get tlteir decison to plrtseettlc or not.
then we'll decide" wiretlter to go ahead with ad-
ntinistratttc charges against tlte live. Icon and.

“We hioe substantial etidctiec that we set/ed showing
tlteir purpose was to come down and [TlllL‘llier .rrttts and
ammunition iii the United States." letto told reporters.

_ . .
Nuclear Mrs/tap Etplatned
\\':\SIII.\(.‘I()V. l).('. tAl') ()petators at the tiinna
tttteleat plartt tutrterlolt‘a set oi emergency water pump
"somewhat too late." causing a second :.l-.rse wt
radiouetttity ittto tlte attttosplrete during last nun-.lt'»
accident. a stall report ol tlte Nuclear Regulatory t'ont~
mission said \lonrlay.

A safety '.ill\L' opened and released the tittlioitctite
steuttt 'as “a direct result" of shutting down the ptttrtps
“about 30 tttiirmcs too'litte.” said the draft report.
prepared by llrcmis l’. Speis. assistant director for tette~
tor salety ot' the NRC's rlitisiort of systems integration.

The Jan. 25 accident at the plartt ttear Rochester.
N.Y.. occttrrcd wltett it steam tttbc ttrpttrred for air
unknown reason attd a small arrtotttrt ot radioactive
steam was released. '

The NRC is investig 'llltg the incident. although the
NRL and its .sttill generitrty ' a\e praised tlte reactions of
tire pianL' I operator, Rochester (ins and Ifleetric Co.

.
Egypt to Befriend Israel
WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) Egyptian President llostti
Mubarak pledged on Friday to lruild new “bridges of
understanding and friendship" with Israel after Ire
recovers the rest of the Sinai desert in April.

Meanwhile. the Reagan administration. in a vote of
conﬁdence for Mubarak, is granting Egypt greater con-
trol over its SI billion U.S. economic aid package and
proposing that military aid be boosted $400 million.

Mubarak. while taking a conciliatory statid in his
speech, denied he is setting new conditions for a solu-
tion to the Palestinian dispute. He had opened his four-
day vigil Wednesday urging President Reagan to sup.
port a "national entity" for the 1.3 million Palestinian
Arabs living under Israeli control. ‘

In his speech. Mubarak said Egypt will keep
negotiating for it Palestinian autonomy plan. But he said
it was up to the Palestians to settle the question of self-
rule.

So far, the Palestinians and most of the Arab world
have slttiuncd the negotiations that grew out of tire I978
Crimp David agreements. The talks are stulcmtitcd over
ltow tuuelt power to grant a Palestinian eouticil and a
number of other issues.»

 

Start? .t' tit/urn 1:: i'tt‘ililir‘i 's'ttactutéj irritant

Reagan Sells Budget.

WASHINGTON; l).(.’. tAI’) President Reagan opened
the sales pitclt for his proposed ttew budget to (.‘ottgress
today with it set of White llottse bricltttgs. hitt
Democrats came away predicting they wottld win more_
budget victories this year than last aittl Republicans cott-
ceding the president may not get all he wants. I
“Oh. it's going to he it more interesting year. tlirs
year." House Speaker lhotntts l'. ()‘Neill .lr.. told

reporters after his meeting witlt Reagan. "\\'e'rc gotttg I

to ltavc a lot of victories."

(In the Republican side. Senate Majority Leader
lloward ll. lluker of lenitessec said he tltiuks "the
president's budget. perhaps with sortie modilicutiolts. is
going to be passed."

Reagan trret with congressional leaders and signed the
budget at the White House beltrtc setting oil on a two-
dir). thtee‘state trip to llte’cttttllll) 's heartland to sell the
budch and his “New lederirlisrn,”

()It Sunday, ptesiderrtial counselor l‘.Ll\\lll Meese lll
said Reagan's opponents slrottld “netet ttndctcstiiriate
this prcsdictn's ability to itrobili/e tlte Artrericitrt people
behind his policies."

. . . .
Colltsron Kills Fwe
('(lMMl-JltCI-l. ('ttlif. tAl’t Authorities were trying to
identify lortr of live people killed itt il licry bitt/e alter
the car they were riding itt was hit by an Amtrak trrtitt.
trllicials said.

One ol the dead was tdetttilied its Rudy Martincl. .34.
ol Montebello. Sherilf's Deptrty Allan Senkow said
Sunday. ’I he fits Arigclcs County coroner‘s office was
crrrtdttetittg tests to learn the identities of the others. .

Deputies said the train slammed irtto the car at 60 nrpl‘.
Saturday night after the car drote urortttd a lowered
barrier and onto tltc truck in an apparcrtt attettipt to
beat the traitt to tire crossing.

hour of the victims were trapped inside the blaring
auto. deputies said. Ihe film was tlrrowti Itom the vehi-
cle. Senkow said.

The car was dragged for nearly half it riiilc befoe the
trattt was able to slop. said Deputy Mark Klitgman.

lltere were no injuries aboard the train. which was
carrying ‘)-l passengers attd si\ erewmen. Klugmrtn said.
llte ttaitt was nearing its l.os Angclcs destination at the
end of a ttrti from San Diego.

.»'lirliner Crash in Japan

TOKYO. .litpan (AP) A Japan Air lines DC-ti crashed
into tlte sea lttcsday morning wltile attempting to land
at 'lokyo‘s llanerln Airport. officials reported. They
said .lAl. domestic lligltt 350. from l-trkuoktt itr southern
.lapatr. was catryitrg loo passengers utid eight crew
tnetttbers. lltere was tto irmncdiate word on casualties.

32 Perish in Tokyo Blaze

10K“). .I-apun tAl’) Inadequate t'irc pl'C\t.‘Illl0tt uritl
urtdctstat't'ing were blamed for the spread of ti fire that
routed through the two upper floors of a lllvstory ltotel
Monday. killirtg 32 people and seriously injuring scores
of others.

it was ttot ittttncdiutely known what started the pre-
ditwtr t'itc iii the Still toorrr ltotcl itt central l'okyo. ()tte
titatt frotn California was listed among the dead. and an
American wotriutt who itttttped l'orrr floors to escape tlte
I'latttcs was ltospitali/ed with serious injuies.

Masao Ihttan. manager of the Hotel New Japan.
acknowledged shortcomings iii the building: “We knew
the hotel‘s fire pretctttion system must be improyctl as
soon as possible. brtt because of our red-ink figure we
could riot get sufficient batik loans."

'()f the dead. eight were Japanese. Police said other
victims ittelttded one Attteric'tn. it) people front Taiwan
and eight Koreans. I’ire officials said sortie 60 people
were injured. .13 of tlteiti hospitalized and the rest
treated and released. Six of the most severely injured
later died.

. The hotel was severely damaged by thirties that raced
trom room to room before dawn. apparently
unhindered by fire sprinklers or fire walls. Most of the
deaths were reportedly caused by asphyxiation.

Guerrilla Leader Slain

llElllU'l‘. Lebanon (Al’) Iranian security forces on
Monday killed the acting commander ol' the Mujtthe-
deen Khan -- the major oppositiort force against the
l'chritn regime — iii a raid on the group's hideout in the
capital. lrtiniatt news services said.

Killed along with Musa Khiyabttni were his wife and
Ashraf Rabi’i. wife of the MuJagedeen's exiled lettder
Massoud Rujavi. according to the new.s agency IRNA

It the report by IRNA and Tehran rttdio is accurate:
the killirtg wortld be the heaviest blow dealt by Aytitoll'tli
Rnholluh Khonteitti's fundamentalist regime to the 
rilla group. . . . . . Bu”.

 

 

r-i .

Campus Bniefs

 

Blood Shall Flow

The American Red Cross liloodmobilc will be Ill tlte
Campus Center llallrootn t'rortr tttztll) a.tn. to 4:00 pair.
on Thursday. l’ebrttary ii.

the visit is sponsored by the l're-llcrtlth l‘rtrtev
siottals. arid voltrnteer donors are asked to pic-rev a».
prior to 'l hursdtiy.

for more information. contact Youth Sctxrce. ...
4(r2-7-lfrl. ext. 26‘).

Cheers to Black History

The African/Afro-Arrtcrican Studies Department at
ctr-operation with the Black Actiott (oalition and lllt'
Albatty State lilitck Alliance will be holding their llttttl
annual Martin |.utlter Ix'ing/lllack History Month t a...
voeatiott Luncheon tomorrow. l‘ebruaty It) at noon III
the Campus Center littllrootn.

lltere will be varons speakers; a musical presentation
by Ms. Nancy Negrorr. an I-.()l’ instructor; and an
awards presentation by University President \‘nttctrt
()‘l eary.

'l'ltc ptrblic is invited.

BlottouLoves You

If your heart belongs to lilotto. tltett yott can spend
Valentine‘s Day with your heart tltrob. lilotto \\‘Ill both
be appearing in person to answer quest Ions and on \Itlt't)
tape on Sunday from 2:30 - 4:00 pair. at Albany l’rtlrlte
Library. [61 Washington Ave.

Dance the Night Away

Dig out your dancing shoes and boogie on dowtt to the
Albany College of Pharmacy whielt is sponsoring a
Dance Marathon to raise money for the Atnericatt
Caticer Society. It will begin at 7 p.nt.. on l'tiday.
February I9 arid end at 3 p.rn.. Saturday. February to,

Prizes will ittelttde a gold watch. a crystal bowl illltl
vase set. dinner certificates. and albums.

l’lcdge sheets are available at the SUNYA Cirtrrptrs
Center Information Desk. or at the Pharmacy College.

Say it with Flowers

Want to do something special for someone special.)

Why not brty sortie Telethon '82 candy or flowers.

Candy hearts are $.35 a box and cart be bought all
week on dinner litres.

Flowers are $1 for a carnation. including delivery. .trtd
roses are only SLSU with delivery inclttded.

Writers Read Aloud

Short fictiott writer Kristen Murray arid poet t tan!
lhtncock will be reading frortt their works on llrtrtsday.
lichrttat'y II. from IZ - |:3() p.tti. iii the lllllllillllllt"
Lounge. third floor of tire llittnintities litrilt'ittg,

Adrtiissiotr is free and the priblic is ltl\‘llet..

Berry Talks on Urbano/tries

'l‘he geography depurttriertt is sponsoring a lecture In
Ilrittn .l.l.. licrry. Dean of the School of Urban and
Public Affairs itt Carnegie Mellon Uniyersity on lltrtts
day. February ii at 7:30 pair. in LC 5.

Berry will be speaking on “National Urban l’nllu
Key Issues iii the Willis?"

A" BCUSI‘tthy majors uttd graduate students are e\
pected to attend. btrt non—rttitjors are weleottte.

The Kids Are Alright

There will be a meeting of Telethon 'li2 ('ltildtcrt's
I-Iour eonttrrittee tonight at it prrr itt LC 14. All are
welcome.

A lhcmt‘ WIS has been picked for Telethon ‘82. and
it's author is rtotie other than Bruce J. Levy. irtl'ittnorw
campus brief writer. Levy will be accompanied by tile
musical tttlents of Rentt Lehrer. Theresa Knorr and Dave
“Bo” Bove.

And don't forget. deadline t'or T-shirt designs is this
Friday. February l2. Tire theme is “A Celebration of
Youth."

 

P

“‘9 Mlliahedecn have been leading a mttionwide ur-
l‘ll" stlcrrilltt war of bombings and assassinations to
overthrow Kltorneirti since he otrstetl liberal l’r'csitlt‘lll
Abolhassan Bani-Sadr on June 22;

 

 

#J

ALBANY-STUDENT Pness, FaeriUArtv 9, 1982

 

  

 u mi! .'

 

. pholrn hie") ('nhrn
Albany‘s new downtown Hilton
Hirerl more blue/rs [mt Slf/I questioned

Student Leaders Plan

delivered Friday night's opctting ad-
dress. about his sttittd on certain

Faced with the third successive issues. '
year of proposed dortrt rate bikes The Clrartcellor said a tuition
and the closing of SUNY Buffalo‘s hike would not be studied at this
student ttrrion. s..ruenr leaders front time. He said Ire would look into a
lltmugllmll lltt‘ hlﬂtc mtl ’dl SUC more effective affirmative action
llms‘l'il‘toll libl “’Ct‘kt‘nd to plan plan to increase the percentage of
strategies and learn lobbying techni-
ques. women and minority professors and

Delegates at the Student Associa- administrators. as well as instituting
daycare centers for elrilrlrett ol'
workittg mothers iii the SUNY
system. At this tittte. Wharton said.
he could trot do anything to stop the
closing of the stttdetit rttiiott at
SUNY Buffalo. although he admit-
ted the Marelt l closing date was
riot the best.

Appt'o\irttttte|_\ 5t) students from
SUNY llttfl‘alo demonstrated out-
side the dining hall during the'diit-
tier attetrrled by the Chancellor and
other SUNY officials. They were
tion oftlte State Univer'sitHSASU) protesting the planned closing ot'
hi-atinuitl membership conference their student trnion. Squire Hall. as
also questioned SUNY Chancellor well its the reluctance of the
Cliftott R. Wharton. Jr.. who Chancellor to take action on the

New BS/MS Programs
Approved By U. Senate

IIY LIZ RICICII

ﬂy .t.it. BRUNO

    

nhulo: Huannr kulaLr-ti

Chancellor Clifton Whng WV,

Quay/toned by delegates

 

 

 

Accelerated M.S./M.S. progriuiis iii the departments of Computer
Science, and Geography were approved at yesterday‘s University Senate
meeting.

Students may enter the integrated degree program at the beginning of their
junior year or after completing 56 credits. three letters of reeotnmettdatiotis
frotn faculty and a cum of 3.2 or higher are required.

All three programs rerptrie that students meet all university arid school re-
quirements for botli the baccalaureate and the master’s degrees. Also. a total
ot' [2 credits may be tised to fulfill both M.S. and M.S. requirements.

In Computer Science. a minimum of 41 credits must be counted toward
the M.S. degree. and at least 30 credits must be counted towards the M.S.
degree.

For the Geological Sciences. at least 66 credits are tteedcd for the ILS.
degree arid a minimum of 30 credits must be counted towards the M.S.
degree.

Similarly. the accelerated Geography program will require 36 credits for
the BA. and a minimum ot' 22 credits for the M.S.

Additional ii.S./M.S. programs itt other fields are expected to be
established by the University Senate iii the near future.

 

......... 

Hilton To Hire More-Mnerities 

BY MARK HAMMOND

Twenty Blacks were hired into
service jobs and six into tnnntige-
tnent trainee positions by Albany's
Hilton Hotel this week itr response
to protest raised by Albany's Black
cotrtrnrtrrity which charged the
Hilton with discriminatory employ-
ment.

Strategies.

matter. .

Later iii the conference the UT)
delegation itttroduccd a proposal
asking that SASU support their at-
tcrtipt to keep Squire Hall open.

The group passed a proposal
l'rorn the Women's Caucus which
allows a full-time chairperson to
work ortl of tire Albany SASU of-
flee. This position. which includes a
voting scat ol' the SASU board of
directors. will be l'illed this semester
by the prcscttt ctr-chairs of the
Womens' ('itttens. SUNYA
students Nancy DeCatlo and
Mary-Anne (iillerint.

Also. delegates titled in change
the by-laws to permit community
colleges to join SASU. l’tctrortsly.
SASU members included only the
ttttiversity centers. totrtvyear col-
leges. specialized schools and
agricultural and technical schools.

Two members or tltc I'hnd
World Caucus ittrd it \\'omens‘
(‘attctts member were elected to fill
tltrce vacant positions on the SASU
liottrd of Directors.

The cause of the controversy was

.a report forwarded to the Urban

Development Corporation (UDC)
by the Hilton which showed a
workforce of 362. with a total of 48
Blacks. 47 of the Blacks were
reported in service jobs.

The new hiring was a result of a
meeting last week between the
Hilton and the UDC at which of-
ficials of the organizations attemp-
ted to work ottt art affirmative ac-
tiott hiring plan.

However. Albany's Coalition t'or
Mirtority Employment is not
satisﬁed with the new hirings. poin-
ting ottt tluu that adding twenty
liltteks to service jobs does not solve
the problem.

“This does not answer the con-
cerns of the coalition." said Dr.
.loltrt ()liver. Cottlitiort Chairman
arid professor of Social Welfare at
SUNYA.

“lly tradition. tttirtorities ltuve
been locked itr service and
maintenance jobs. it is otrr intention

to have other jobs ﬁlled — profes-
sional and administrative
positions."

Oliver was unsure of the nature
of the six proposed management
trainee positions.

The Hilton refused to comment
and the UDC could not be reached
for comment.

The Coalition and the UDC will
meet Thursday for the ﬁrst time to
discuss the matter.

"The three culprits —— the UDC.
the City. and the Hilton are totally
misleading the Albany public. The
20 (Blacks) hired is a strategy to
make the public believe all is well.
The whole thing smacks of political
patronage." Oliver charged.

Officials of both the UDC and
the Albany City Office of Equal
Employment Opportunity and Fair
Housing said they have been trying

since the hotel's opening last

December to obtain minority
employment information and an af-
firmulhe itetiort hiring plan.

Campaign Targets Downtown Area

   

In' I" Illl

 

Downtown is the place where the
Wellington bus goes. Downtoer is
it song performed long ago by
l’etula Clark. Downtown. by
delittition of the tccently-fornted
Downtown Restaurant Association.
is tlte area fritttred
by Madison Avemte P‘EWS

to the south. lilk

Street to the north. FEA TURE

Swan Street to the

 

 

  

'itticA'r-

  

- Permanent Centers utter cos.
evening“ .‘tlt‘ .itatviras
- Law hrwtv ' J ‘.l .tlr; littl

ullu

    

. .. . '.- tied
instructors .

  
 

MPUIN

liltl'  ..r.'t tirivfti
TEST PREPARATION
SPECIALISTS SWCE ‘938

 

'anPARE Fon ,‘ .

LSAEGMAT

;  SAT-DAT-GRE A '.

u Uri: armory in make up missed

r
- v..an ttt .: home study tnatetlals

ta .
- t'.'t‘tttl'ntly to "insist lo and

OTHER counstss AVAILABLE
GRE PSYCH 0 SITE Bill - MAT - PCAT - DCAT - VAT
TOEFL - NMB I,Vl]E - ECFMG - FLEX - NUB '.NLE

w  Nhntr-I "r-r 'l'l

411‘) .‘sltlt;

   
  

 
   

l

 
    

trnal rm. updated by resutch-
.. invert in their

       

LOIIIIITIJ‘ study at my at out i
ever BO centers.

     
 
   
 
 

 
   
 

Catt Days. [rm I Wren-nits

ltrfl livi... .ru I\‘.t' lt dolor

      
     

in mi. moron Armin titan :rntvu
all'lIﬂl nl stal-

CALL you ran: 800-223- I782

  

 

 

 

 

west. and llrottdway to the East.
Again. by their definition.
Downtown is the place to go.

the three-month-old organiza-
tiott of 25 restaurant urtd bar
owners iii the capital city's ccntet
have united to bring people back
downtown k a concept kicked oft
by 12 establishments last December
with a "Downtown Christmas l’tir-
ty." l‘ttltlt't: pt'otttotiutt plans iti-
clttdc a two-l‘crs coupon and rafﬂe
book as well its a Spring Festival.

Their slogan. “Downtown after
Dark ." characterizes a major thrust
of the campaign. its liill Foley,
owner of the Grinch and president
of the association. explained: “for
years downtown restaurants have
had the day business — from
legislators; state and office workers.
We're trtore night-oriented."

“Downtown After Dark." Foley
said. features a variety of cuisine.
entertainment and period
establishments. including the
Palace Theatre, the south nrall
skatittg rink and the Empire State
l'la/a.

‘Jiee President of the association
and owner of the Chambers, on
South Pearl. Carmen Ferriero ex-
plained the business side of the
grottp. ()ne project. he said is get-
ting together with purveyors to buy
as a group »— a way to cut operation
costs and “pass on the savings to
the consumer."

Ferriero also voiced hope that the
L'ullllllltt’ll “I! Ill/M9 WW"

 

The Spirit
—
Newsmggazrne of [SC-Hillel

is proud to announce the first

semi-annual literary contest

ﬁrst Prize $25 gift certificate
Second Prize $10 gift
certificate to Kosher Pizza and

Qggdline =Aprt| 19.1982 l-‘alafel

Details at JSC-Hillel Office
(CC320) 4574508

 

 

opportunity to

 

WOMEN'S CONSCIOUSNESS
RAISING GROUPS
MIDDLE EARTH and THE FEMINIST

ALLIANCE are co-sponsering three C.R. Groups
for women-* C.R. Groups brings 'women together.

Small group experiences provide women with the
common and uncommon life experiences.
The goal of such a group is to develop pride as a woman, and
break through the barriers of competition, isolation, and
ineffective communication patterns.
* GROUP 1: Starting Date - Mon. Feb. 15 at 6:30pm
*GROUP 2.- Starting Date - Tues. Feb. 16' at 7:30pm
* GROUP 3: Starting Date - Fri. Feb. 19
(afternoon time to be determined)
For more information and sign-up contact MIDDLE EART
‘WE’RE CONFIDENTIAL’

m .
EKKT Ii

durum
counsellm
45 7—7800

 

 

  

-. a..an ‘u-

..v x . am; a: s a.

 

o‘le MMAW—W .

 

 

 

 

 

 

