‘ mummriwtmaatm

 

will

NOUI‘

<02 O'lOlﬂ'ﬂO)

Introspectiv-

Editor’s Aspect“

t’s been a strange week. it all started out on
Sunday Morning, November 14, 1982:

i bought the New York Times. and tw0'cans of pepsi and
crawled under the covers to read. and came across the Book
Review. Scannan the list to acquaint myself with what was being
read more than anything else in this fine nation. i came across such
profound titles as Garfield Takes The Cake. Here Comes Garfield.
Garfield Bigger Than Life. Garfield Weighs in. Garfield Gains
Weight. and Garfield At Large. Six books about cats on the New
York Times Bestseller list. i don’t understand! i mean. like. what
the hell is going on? Are cats that convincing an escape? All of us
here at Aspects have decided to write cats books also. After all. if
Jim Davis can do it. we can do it better. Our titles are going to be
Garfield goes to El Salvador. Garfield in the Women '5 Movement.
Garfield visits Brezhnev, etc.. etc.

i burned the Book Review.

Sunday Night, November 14, 1982:
Editorial Board Meeting At Dean's House.
Anything to do with the paper is strange. period.

Monday Morning, November 15, 1982:

Once again. I attempt to read The Times. in its usual informative
style. it reports that our own Nancy Reagan “used helicopters from
the Presidential fleet on three occasions when she traveled to
Camp David. Md.. at a cost to the taxpayers of $3.110. White
House Records show." Seems old Nance was sometimes accom—
panied by her decorator Ted Graber. of LA. Seems that Nance
and her pal don't have too much time these days to take the 90
minute journey by car. After all. she shouldn't have to sit in a car
for a few hours when it only costs a tad over three thousand dollars
to make the trips. i mean. why should she?

Now if i had it my way. I'd have her come to Albany some char-
ming morning in early February and make a little-ole excursion up
to SUNYA on our reliable busses from North Allen Street at 8:55
AM. The temerature would be 10 degrees below not including the
wind-chill factor. and just so she doesn't get spoiled by too‘much
special treatment. two or three buses will pass her by.

Monday Afternoon, November 15. 1982:

i finally met someone l’d been watching for months. (i always
see him reading the paper) We were talking about what we each
do. and when i told him l work about forty hours a week on
Aspects. he asked me “What's Aspects?”

Tuesday Night, November 16, 1982:

i went to visit my dear friend Damian to give him an album to
review. Though it might not be obvious. he is doing much better.
The treatment is helping immensely. Cards and flowers are ap-
preciated. however. (Wednesday was his birthday) and can be sent
to the ASP office. This encounter doesn‘t really seem to fit under
my list of strange encounters. but i still can't figure out why he kept
on screaming for Toni Basil and sauerkraut.

Wednesday Afternoon, November 17, 1982:

l was feeling like everyone was picking on me because of typos
in Aspects and started complaining to my old editor. Andy Carroll.
He casually reminded me about a little incident that occured a cou-
ple of months ago in an Aspects he edited. After picking up an
issue in which a few of the lines i had written were accidently rear-
ranged. I spotted Andy in the crowded campus center and yelled.
at the top of my lungs. “You fucked up my article." Nobody puts
thing into perspective like Andy.

Thursday Afternoon, November 18, 1982:
Attempting to write Editor’s Aspect. Told you this week was

strange.

Debbie Millman

 

 

 

 

 

nside. . .

3a: Perspectives:
Mr. H.-K. D. asserts his voice and

speaks about language
Carter realizes and reaffirms the cycle
of peace \

4a-5a: Centerfold:
DJs from WCDB, (.2104, WRPI

and WPYX air their views on
radio, music programming and
what’s special about their sta-
tions in a revealing and infor-
mative centerfold

Sound and Vision:

Damian rants about a bad dream
in an intimate psychological
study, the legendary Carroll on
Stein’s ethics, Mr. Rader
elaborates on Mr. Blythe and
Lisanne and Metin collaborate
on death and dying.

6a-7a:

86: Endgame:
WCDB’s Top 20, Zhe Pudz wimp out
and of course, Spectrum . . .

Special thanks to Mickey Frank for all her
help and generosity.

 

 

 

 

Word On A Wing

the exhaust fumes of a black corvette .
going very fast . . . the driver laughing . . .
his head thrown . . . his mouth devouring
the rain . . . a car winging thru the billow- .
ing cloud of blue smoke . . . he spins off a 1
Cliff for the sake of the rush . . . with the
radio on . . . the radio . . . hit me on the

radio . . .
Patti Smith

80 you wanna be a rock and roll star
Well times have changed

That’s all I’ll say

You still need an electric guitar

But most of all

you need that Radio radio play

All day All day Play and play and play

Terry Thomas

I
.i'
i

l
.l
t.

 

 

  

.M.......n..n....o as...»mama............u»~.mm.w..._ ... .

For in him rhinoceros can find no place to
thrust their horn. Tigers no place to use
their claws. And weapons no place to
pierce. Why is this so? Because he has no
place for death to enter.

Lao Tsu

only stripes you’ll see are those

on the flag. So what's a nice boy
like you doing in this place? Say you lost an
arm in Vietnam. don't blame me l'm not
the one you seek. Well here's to the one
that got away. By the way did that foot
come attached to your ass or did the bat-
teries cost extra? Please. please listen to
me. it is important that all adults leave their
children at home wltli their T.V's.

Hubert—Kenneth Dickey

American girls. or so they say are loose
as a goose. if you know what i mean. Ex-
actly what do you mean when it is half pass
and you don't oven have "gas".

Out of shape and out of my mind. thank
god above. Little curls arid pearls push
their ideas about life down to the local
thought control centers hoping that the sale
on men will be held over Papa was a roll-
ing stone. i guess. but at least he fucked
liiil. so we all could be here now.

Nowadays. it's more than liker that the
wife is fucking the kids iii the master
bedroom, while the husband sits in the
bathroom Jerking off to the sound of his
own piss streaming down the side of the
face. arm and body of an invisible lover.

In toiiner times. it was assumed that
there were true religions and false religions.
arid that it was an liltpOt'ldnl function of
faintly and society to teach people as they
were growing tip to distinguish the one
front the other.

in a secular society. where religion is not
taken seriously. neither is 5L'rit)Ll5 attention
given to the development of skills in riiak-
trig rullglous choices. Without such train-
ing. young people are irrdeedﬁubject to
undue manipulation by the purveyors of

I t's all in the stars my friend. the

 

eacc Not just a state of riot-war.
P of waiting for. thinking about, or
preparing for the next conflict.
the next reaction to provocation. or the
next pullL‘L‘ action~ but pcact: Real.
secure positive. lasting peace.
in the last 2,000 years. there have been
35 days of so-called peace. 155 days out of
over 700.000. 35 days when no one was
shooting at anyone else somewhere in the
world That's not peace. that's time to
Loam . ,, _ - , 

A.G. Carter

 isn't the
Soviet Union. or the United States. or even
nuclear weapons themselves The greatest
threat to peace are the attitudes that equate
peace with cowardice. attitudes which re-
quire .) violent response to a slight (real or
imagined). attitudes which polarize the
world and its pcople into irreconcilable
opposites~ eithersor. good-bad, mind-
body. white-black. male-female.
democracyvcommunism. and even
leaders-people and human-animal-earth.
This either-or hierarchy has resulted in the
objectification and depcrsonification of the
"others". which in turn justifies any action
against that group. up to and including
slaughter.

Leave war- and peaccrnaking to us. we
are told by the “experts”. We know the
particulars of all the science and
technology, and we know what's best for
you. too. Leave it all to us-- the experts.
Another split: experts-everyone else.
Leave it all to us. they say Well. we have.

 

 

are:

0 :ﬂxWJU-IAIHAH Marv
1| "nude  a.

 

 

 

 

 

 

od Luck

 

ihAnd. Go

 
 

religious schemes.

Failure to recognize the importance of
religion in the society leads to overlooking
those human needs which are most often
served by religious involvement. in par
ticular a secular society which prides itself
on being objectiver rational in the scientific
mode may offer little challenge or hope to
the young person who longs to be fully in-
volved in activity which is of value even at
personal risk or danger. Objective tallmidll'
ty has a hard time satisfying those who
would be heroes who spurii llit‘ pragmatic
tests of self-interest.

In modern secular society religion is
tolerated as a lcisure~iime activrty of the
private sphere of ones lifv. possrhly
aesthetically enriching or capable of satisfy-
ing the need for voluntary association. but
nothing more

Members of the dominant society by
avoiding dealing with llit' weaknesses of
society create the needs which are in turn
met by "new" groups There is a need to
question some of the assumptions put for
ward by the doriiiiiarit society. list these
assurirptions force people into unnecessary
choiccs (like the choice to drink Kool~aid
with Jim Jones).

PaX Femina

and look where we have ended up~ on flit!
brink of annihilation by illit'lt‘rtt weapons

But as .i woriian caught lit this society of
which I am not considered .2 full and real
member. what can i do" How can I conic
to grips with the polari/ed attitudes of
socwty. and with tlic male “experts” who
tell int: that as a woman and a
"non-expert", l haw nothing to contribute.
no valid opinion Where can I begin"

1 have to realize and reaffirm the cycles
of my body. and their connection (my con-
nection) with the cycles of the earth itself. I
cannot. as do some. View the earth (and its
resources) as something to be conquered-
Ct)lilYOllt3(l-l‘tii|'ii€55t3(.ltex[‘ “d; for in do-
ing so I buy into my own ppression as a

woman by men. and into the oppression of
other "otliers"-» black people. poor peo-
ple. disabled. etc. All are manifestations of
the same either-or mentality. and l have to

 

5a,,gx’y;\wﬁ1n.+r2ntivw.. ..  r. . , i. ,  .. . 

  

 

 

 

V

  
 
 

When you say that a face is beautiful;
than you create desire. The desire is not for
that face or that body: it is for your own in-
icrprctation. your own pro)ection. The per
sort that is there. the real person has been
used as a screen. rind you have projected
yourself. Then disillusion is boutrd to be
there because the real face cannot be fort‘~
ed into uiirt-ality by your projection
Sooner or later the projection Will have to
be dropped, The real face wril (with! out.
and then you wrll fuel that you have been
cheated You wtll say. "What has happen
ed to this face.) This face was so lil’iilillltll
and this person was so beautiful. And now
everything has gone ugly " Again you iiH'
interpreting The person remains what-
soever he is. but your interpretations and
projections go on. and you are nccvi
allowing energy to assurt itself You go on
suppressing it You are suppressing in~
worthy and outwardly also. You til'\‘i.‘l
allow the reality to assert itself

.

We create an untrue World around us
because of our projections. but if llil' icaltry
asserts and tliLl horsr.‘ neighs from the
stable. we risk. "Whom do you believe)"
We always believe ourselves. not the reality

rucogni/c them all as threats to Hit}

My capacities to riurturc-- so often
maligned and used to juslily my
oppressronn have to be developed Allltl
validated - tlllll presented in coutiterposc
to .1 Violent, death-and destruction-
oiicntud society I feel that ii men gave
birth, or were responsible for nurturancc of
children and the aged. that they would find
it impossible to disregard or belittle life the
way they so blatantly do now They vtIL‘ dis-
connected from birth and growth. and
therefore Crttittt)! feel the true horror of uri~
natural death of arty sorrsroven
(especially?) mass death.

l have to realize and claim my
"expertise" on the issue of war antinuclear
weapons. i am an expert by virtue of the
fact that 1 am a living. feeling being who
would rather be anything but dead; a
woman who cares about all people and the
earth we inhabit; who stands lrorr0r~

  
  

 

 

 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 

“can”? ".‘wzz‘s'a‘
a: wine.

that goes on asserting. it is asserting every
moment. but we go on forcing our illu-
sions. That Is why every man feels disillu-
sioned in the end. it Is not because of realt-
ty that every man and woman feels disillu-
sioned in the end. Rather the protections of
. our own minds force us to live lives that are
less that full.

Don’t ask. Wait for the happening. for
what happens. You can ask and some
answer can be given. but that answer can-
not become an authentic answer for you.
Never )ump ahead. Don‘t ask what hap-
pens wlten one dies. What happens.
Wliatsoever is said will be meaningless
because you are still alive. What happens
when someone is dead? You Will have to
pass through tl Unless you are dead you
cannot know it. Wbatsoever is said cart be
believed on trust. but this is meaningless

Words should irot be allowed to exist
between you and reality. With fewer words
there are fewer barriers; with no Words
there are no barriers. Words destroy
everything because they change the very
meaning of life

Language never says what is. If you say.
“I opened my eyes." it is a lie. if you say.
"The eyes openle by themselves." it is a lie
again. because eyes are just fragments
They cannot open themselves Tire whole
organism is involved Whatsoever we say is
like that

When you hiy."llt€ river is flowing."
what do you mean? There is just flowing.
and that flowrng is the river. The walking is
lliL‘ man. the seeing is the tnan. standing
and sitting |5 ll'tl! man. If you eliminate all
tlivst' walking. sriting. standing. thinking.
tlii.’rililit|lJ-\Ulll there he a mart left behind"
When all is said and clone people requtre
inoiv lliilll what they have and yet they
l|)|'tiplt‘ iit gorii'ral) live iii a time where

 

more material wealth and leisure are
available than over before. The material
things lit this world provide the basis of en-
ll’ttplttt'nl for the rich and the enslavement
of the poor Soiitething. if not someone
Will have to fill this void. it would seem that
lioh l)yl.in is correct. ultimately we must
choose. “it may be the devil or it may be
the lord. but you're going to have to serve
somebody" .’ l

slrirkt'n «it tho t‘tlbL’ and carelessness wrtli
which iiiiinvdiarc death and everlasting sul-
lcriiig are living considered as options in
the l'llrlltltlt‘ of foreign policy (of all couri-
ltIL'S. not rust tlnv i liliL‘iil holders of nuclear
weapons The routitrics that don’t have
them want them and are working hard to
get them i I don’t have to know the
amount of lCBM’s or the throw-weight
capabilities of either sithI to know that my
life. and the chance of life for my descen-

 

dants. is in peril i can feel it in my bones
and in my heartu and that makes me an
expert.

WtrlitL‘lI around the world are taking
their strengths and expertise and transfor-
ming them into action. both within male
groups and in separate women's organiza-
tions We are expressing our universal (and
specific) concerns. and defying the
nuclear. death-worshipping mentality.

We are taking our capacities to nurture.
love. and respect life and defining them as
powerful forces which cart be used to re-
order the world's priorities-- away from
ldeath and destruction and toward life-
alfirrning. peoplevserving areas. We cart br-
ling a unique perspective to the peace
Imoveriiunt. and we must do so. We can-
.riot. however. allow ourselves or our
1talents to be co-opted or used against us (as
often happens In male-dominated
movements); but we must recognize. and
have others recognize. the validity of our
opiniorisvfeelings. and the value of our
contributions.

The topic all last week in the Campus
Center was peace. Peace to us all. Peace to
us all.

i

 

r
%

<02 cannon)

Du

NOD—

 

A

 

 

 

 

Lon—vi

 

ﬁreside“ a v

4-...“ A...” .

