 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

 
 
          
     

 

on 40° Q-IIOH'UfD) 

NOO—

 

 

 

Y‘ 1‘”

mid

‘ sound I: vision
arms-5.- :1! 3.4 . 

 
 

records l've listened to most lately

are Bruce Springsteen's Nebraska
fi982)and the legendary Jimmie Rodger's
Train Whistle Blues (1927-1933).Dtstinctiy
American. both share such an integral
thread that the America we know is seen as
a natural extension of the America of the
depression: where there was yodeling In-
stead of moaning. trains Instead of cars and
highways. it is truly unfortunate that we
tend to disregard most of the immediate
past. it took someone with the vision and
common sense of Bruce Springsteen to br-

In_q us back dOWn to earth,

Craig Marks

Wrask‘a is a folk record. it was record-
ed on a four track cassette deck In approx-
Irnately four weeks time. The primary in-
struments are acoustic guitar and bar-
monica (with occasional electric guitar and
synths: absolutely no drums or horns.
though. i.e. no E Street Band). Anyone
who saw Springsteen on his most recent
tour witnessed this change: the set was
divided Into two parts. the first comprised
at slower. more introspective pieces (in-
cluding Woody Guthrie's “This Land Is
Your Land"). and the second consisting
mainly of dance hits and other crowd
pleasing material. '
When asked where present day rock and
roll came from. most people would answer
Elvis Presley. Bill Haley. Chuck Berry. etc.
Nebraska. on just a purely musical level.
shows that «itmmy Rodgers. Hank
Williams. Woody Guthrie. etc. were )ust as
instrumental. The starkness of the music
itself is crucial here: the darkness and sim-
ple strength of voice and language (the
word "sir" is often used). the emptiness of a
lone acoustic guitar. the history of the har-
monica. if it was just the sound itself.
Nebraska wouldn't be as important. but the
gray imagery evoked transcends the
modern age (or any age for that matter).
.y... K

I t's not surprising that the two

 

 

_... .f . ,, ’
steen s
Bruce cleanses his soul in a

mournful, traditional attempt

 

 

» t-r-.~ a

When Springsteen first came Into public
focus with Born to Run his emphasis was
more on the running and not on the cause
of running. On Darkness on the Edge of
Town most hope was given up. but on
such an overstated level It lost some of its
impact. The River marked a maturation'
between both views: on Nebraska that view
Is more clearly focused through both the
music and the more personal style of
writing.

Opening with "Nebraska." Springsteen
doesn't merely tell the grim story of mass
murderer Charlie Starkweather. rather. he
puts himself In that role: "They wanted to
know why i did what idtd/Well Sir. I guess
there's just a meanness In this world." By
assuming the part. Springsteen presents
the question of hopelessness much more
directly. it's apparent that faith and hope
do not mean what they used to for Springs-
teen; this is an essential point In trying to
unravel this album. Springsteen has not
suddenly become devoid of feelings. he
has simply rid himself of needless serr-
ttmentality. Characters still have hope on
Nebraska. although not everyone. and the
question is 'are you better off without it. or
better yet. does it matter at all?’ On

I “Reason to Believe" Springsteen closes the

LP with a collage of a man poking a dead
dog with a stick seemingly trying to revive
it. a women. whose husband left her.
waiting "at the end of the dirt road for
young Johny to come back." and a groom
being stood up at the altar. He bridges all
three in the chorus. finding it funny that "at
the end of every hard earned day people
l.nd some reason to believe."

Many of the characters drawn are of two
kinds: hardworking. honest men and con-
fused criminals. What makes this such an
alluring - pairing is the admitted
hopelessness of both. “Johny 99" tells the
tale of Johny. who. getting drunk. shot
and killed a night clerk. and was sent up for
murder. He had just lost his Job when they
"closed down the auto plant In Mahwah

rate that month." and “the bank was

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

holdin' my mortgage and they was takln'
my house away." Johny says he's "got
debts no honest man could pay." and at
the end of the song he asks to die. to be
electrocuted. in "Atlantic City" the main
character's “been lookin' for a lab but its
hard to find" so he decides to hook up with
a hoodlum and "do a little favor for him".
he’s "tired of comin' out on the losin' end."
Springsteen draws out the inner pain and
exhaustion of the common working man
by isolating the moment with a specific ex-
ample. thereby capturing the universal.
The images and regard for detail are so
personal you get a sensually based feel for
the situation.

"Atlantic City" is more than just the title
of a song. When Springsteen sings
“Everything dies baby that's a fact/But
maybe everything that dies someday
comes back" he sews together the city itself

' (once dead. now alive again because of

gambling) and the type of people that are
drawn to Atlantic City: people looking to
strike It rich. people hopelessly trying to
find a “reason to believe." in "Used Cars"
Springsteen remembers how his father us-
ed to buy one lousy used car after another.
and he muses how “he ain‘t ever gonna
ride in no used car again." The entire line.

 

"'Highway Patrolman".a song about "the
ties that bind" two brothers. Joe is a cop for
the state and his brother Frankie Is always
getting Into trouble. One night Frankie kill-
ed somebody and Joe eventually chased
him to the Canadian border where he
“watched his taillights disappear." The
chorus Is "me and Frankie laughin' and
drinkln'/Nothin' feels better than blood on
blood." and this blood ls so strong that hate
and love are equally deep. stemming from
one and the same root.

Possibly the best Springsteen has ever
written on father-son relationships Is "My
Father's House." Set to a slow. rollicking
anti-beat. he tells about how "last night i
dreamed that l was a chlld.../Trylng to
make It home through the torest oerore rne
darkness falls..,/l broke through the trees
and there in the night/My father's house
stood shinning hard and bright." When he
wakes up he imagines that the “hard things
that pulled us apart/Will never again sir
tear us from each others’ hearts." He runs
back to that house to reaffirm that tie. but is
told by a woman he doesn't recognize that
"no one by that name lives here anymore."
The house’s light and father's light is im-
agined. a dream; the harsh reality Is that
the house Is "shinning cross this dark
highway where our sins lie unatoned." A

Springsteen draws out the inner pain and

exhaustion of the common working man by

isolating the moment with a speciﬁc example,

thereby capturing the universal. The images
and regard for detail are so personal you get a

sensually based feel for the situation.

 

though. reads this way: “Now mister the
day the lottery I win i ain't ever gonna ride
In no used car again." He knows there is
not a very good chance of ever winning the
lottery. and that chasm between hope and
truth is opened even wider: "My dad
sweats the same job from mornin' to
morn/Me i walk home on the same dirty

. streets where l was born."

Springsteen's writing has always been
consumed by the passion of family bonds,
and Nebraska continues where The River
and Darkness left off. "Man turns his back
on family well he just ain't no good" ls from

bond Is the truth. a love is the hope.

Less is more. From Hank Williams to
Elvis Presley to Bob Dylan. traditional
American music has best mirrored this land
when the scenes painted have been bleak.
the music plain and nrournful. The hope
brought out by Nebraska is not found in the
lyric sheet. but in the fact that an artist with
the commerical stature of Springsteen can
put out such an album (and that people are
buying Iii). Bruce Springsteen has proven
great American artists do still exist. and
there Is nothing more important in music
than the ties that bind.

 

 

   
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
      

   
  
   
 
 
  

V} duced a damaging comlacency.

' obert Schneider

 

  

est monetary success has occured
" n a song or album hit It big In Poplaird.

ces on a Hall arid Oates album, This
es sense when their backgrounds are

aryl Hall comes from a musical
 ground; with both his mother and
' er especially interested in singing. in
mid-Sixties. Hall moved to
elphla. where he found his niche
orig felloy Temptations fans. He receiv-
 a great deal of notice when he perform-
’7 Smokey Robinson‘s "Ooh Baby Baby".
' with James Brown's backing band. He was
'tnvlted to jam with the top soul artists in
that city at that time. By the time he met
John Oates in 1967. Hall had earned the
respect of many. At that time. Oates was a
Journalism major at Temple University who
played guitar on the side. Hall had drop-
ped out in his senior year at the same
school. it took 4 years until their first LP.
-Whofe Oats was released. it took four more
years. until 1975. for the group to really hit
ltblg. Songs like “Rich Girl". "She's Gone"
bnd "Sara Smile" were among the few
bright spots in the disco-laden pop scene of
tho-late Seventies. Hall went solo with an

‘ "experimental album. Sacred Songs In
, ",_l977, in fact. Hall and Oates nrade It big

tylih “Together Again". which described
their reunion. Apparently. the solo outings

hen l walked into the Chateau

I‘ Lounge last Sunday night i knew
, little about the band 'l‘ranslator
utslde of the cut “Everywhere that I'm
.not', rum their recent album v lterrrtbL-ats
' rid Triggers. That tune has been receiving
'batantlal airplay on some of the areas

 

 

 

>..Wdyne Peereboom

y” i. ‘_

h ‘lans. There was none of the props or
stage Insanity often associated with new
(at times confused with punk) bands.

fter a warm-up performance by the
plots and a long break. Translator flitrtl'

 ok the stage at about 1:30. The bond

t‘ ere glad to see a packed housi- as
Robert l')rrrlington later corri-

\Arlfi‘le was also scrrsrtrve to the fact llhtl
3.1." ‘ ‘ens' llltL’S tend to be longer than those
. qvmale gender. by the wiry.)
5.5.:  waisted little time tearing into some
. hard driviitg tunes. boppitig
one tune to the next with furious in~
.Transltitor Is powered by lllt' rlriv
x hm guitar playing of Burlington and
‘5’ Barton who handles most of the
5? » he duo Is also responsible for most

s.
‘1';
'-u
E‘
E
O...

problem that often afﬂicts suc-
A cessful groups Is that once the
money starts flowing In. the good
‘ lings that the members have for one
other sink in the pool of dollars.
_ metimes this tension between the group
mbers causes some of the best music
1. the group will ever release. a la The
0. Sometimes it causes the group's
' Ise. There are few cases where
' ments of a very successful group seem
work together harmoniously. Hall and
es may be one of these Instances.
ere new LP. H20 shows the two work-
» together. but their harmony may have

' aryl Hall and John Oates are difficult to
e on the music spectrum. By for their

  

 

 
   

 

are seen as supplemental to the group.
rather than vice-verso. for Hall plans a new
one In the near future.

it's not difficult to see why the two aren't
comfortable with other people's description
of them. No one likes being typecast. and
these two can't be. Hall and Oates prefer
their own opinions about themselves. in a
recent Interview on MTV. they stated that
they see “20 as a culmination of the work
begun on the previous two LP's. Voices
and Private Eyes. it's hard to agree with
them. for it sounds as if HZOcould have
corrre before. during or after the above two
records. This isn‘t to say that this record
isn't good. Rather. it isn't good enough.

The one unifying thread of many Hall
and Oates records is Daryl Hall's strong
voice. it never seems to falter. waver or
half. lt's corrsisiently good. and HZO is no
exception. For example. "Family Man".
originally done by Mike Oldfield. features
Daryl Hall's strong tenor that dominates the
song without overpowering it, The other
notable feature of that tune is the very err—
joyable undercurrent of stringsounding
synthesizer that serves to challenge Hall for
attention, Speaking of attention. John
Oates demands this on "At Tension". a

.r...
The bund showed diversity by lhrowtng
iii .rn occasional mellow time such its
"liver‘ything You See" and "Everywhere,"
us well (to more complex material such as
“Nothing is Saving Me."

By iriirl»sltriw it sut'rned the group hurl
wormed tip to the unfamiliar surroundings
without losing the intensity.

it appeared tlint the crowd. also. hnd
ninth: its decision While ttlti‘d ltritlii'tl
toward the stage n significant minority
resigned themselves to sniurntrng
themselves oi the but while it fcw left.

’l'rnnslntor is not for everyone,
"Everywhere that I’m Not." u pop song
witlt the potential to nice to the top of the
charts. Is on csception to the 'l‘rnnslntni
sound, not .i general rule For the most
IJA‘ll. 'l‘rl'rnslnior fins ttii orthodox new wave
sound. While I ’5 urusicril movemt-nt it.

  

  

 

 

 

rare composition tor the duo. In that it
deals solely with a criticism of the military.
It features an excellent. suspenseful beat
with marvelous percusston provided by
Mickey Curry. in addition in featuring ex-
cellent Oates vocals and composition. It
boasts thought-provoking lyrics: “There's
no warning only waiting/eren a
Slrutrgelove drops the bomb/All the
flglrting It can hurt you/But it's the little
wounds that do the harm.

Although many think of Hall and Oates
as a two man act. this is trot the case. The
band that backs them up features sonre litre
musicians. On "Go Solo". OE. Smith Is
given a very entertaining solo. but alas. it's
cut off way too soon. if it ever becomes a
pop single. you can assume that the solo
will vanish. This is a problem with Top
40~the Individual musician must take a
backseat to the group sound “Maneater”.
the intended single off II20. Is blessed with
a marvelous saxophone solo by Charlie De
Chant. Hall and Dates have had other
albums that had good sax solos. A single.
especially front this musically superior
group shouldn't scrimp to fit radio re-
quirements. One would think that this
group's track record would enable them to
get airplay for any reasonably lengthed

‘A’ cks Translated

  

gaining untold momentum. It still lrasn'i
reached the poiirt of moss popularity.

Nevertheless. as witnessed Sunday night
one mass appeal song (.‘dtt pull in .i good
crowd to see .r hand they may not have
seen otherwise And this SUUIIIS fortunate
’l'rzrnslnttrr has .i lot to offer iti both innom~
lion and energy

Frill-rt; .ind Strlurdny nights iii the
(.‘hntenn brought the appearance of New
York City's own Sic Fucks. While it Is hard
to bellow .my band could live up to that
name. these scven people managed to do
it. This was .rccomplished in .r number of
ways

First. be sure that your drummer (you
know. the one that wears the red and
green Ill) glnsses) has two 4.5 ipiii records
thmtt'tl around his ears 7- wttlr the ears

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
   

. song.

Hall and Oates have never depended on
Igimmicks. H20 has no gimmicks. it does
lfeature some Interesting little innovations.

called the compu-rhythm drums. What it

those organs you see at malls. where the
salesman assures you that It "sounds like
you've got Keith Moon in there." it
doesn't. But when used effectively. like'on

that's also practical. '

from the pop path very often. "Crime
Pays" begins by letting the listener know
that funky music Isn't the sole domain of
IRle James. While featuring an effective
(bass-synthesizer interplay. It displays lyrics
that smack of rap. Daryl Hall has remarked
that he's very pleased that the group's re‘
cent music has crossed the color line and
become accepted by both Blacks and
Whites. Hall Is proud of his early ex-
periences. and "Open All Night" reflects
this pride, it's first hard to place. a listener
soon can Insert this one Ittto the soul-blues
classification. It has the echo-y vocals that
are found on the classic "me and Mrs.
Jones". in fact. it sounds as if it would have
been recorded during the early Seventies.
when that type of music had its biggest Im-
pact.

On an MTV special. It was stated that
l-I2() was the easiest Holland Oates album
to record. Can this be interpreted as a lack
of challenge? Perhaps. It should be
understood that this album is quite good. it
Is not anywhere near a culmination.
however, With tire way music is. Hall and
Oates could release an album of static. and
it would still top the charts. Hall and Oates
can‘t help but know this. H20 represents
not a step forward. not a step backwards.
but a step in place, Perhaps Hall's next solo
effort will contain the innovation.

The recurring illustration on the album
sleeve is that of the chemical bond between
two atoms of Hydrogen and one atom of
Oxygen. with the assumption of an equally
strong bond between Hall and Oates. H20
gives the impression that this water may be
stagrrrrting. if only a little bit. Hopefully next
time. Hall and Oates may' try to get the
water flowing agains. l J

 

fitting through the holes III the 45.

Second. he sure that one guitarist has it
sort of "'l'rout Musk replica" that he takes
off rlIlLl puts buck on periodically. The
other guitarist should have u but of the type
you'd expect to see on .r monkey collecting
money for rm organ grinder .it a 1950's
stole full

The greasy lnrir’ed. overweight lend

"One on One" has a neat little instrument. ;

.sounds like is the "percussion" feature on '

0" ﬁoo wannuo>

"One on One". It provides an amusement i

As stated earlier. Hall and Oates stray '

NOO-

 

 

singei‘ should look like he was just released ‘
from it mcnttrl home after mnssive doses of 
tliornzine '

To all this add two female Vocalists dross
ed in tiLIlt'S attire wrth hair dyed in shades
of orange and pink with inns-rive .rinnunts i
of pink eye make up and you've got Sic .
Fucks.

While their sets were pathetically short
and breaks unbearably long they were
thoroughly cntcitninirrg every second they
were onstage 'l'lrcy init-Lcd their act tip bet-
ween the actual plnyinri of instruments and
aim of dialogue flint innde hill use of
their name

There Wt'tt‘ toilet plungt'rs. sledge ham-
mers illlil snnke dances through the our
dicncu. /\i one point I felt .r shove Lind
turned .noimd to find the singer screaming
"Let's get shitluced."

When they .rctunlly did play music (this
is a music review) it was in the form of
lurid-core punk which inspired slum»
dancing from some of the club's more irr-
spired patrons,

if you ever get the chancu to see these
insane pnoplt.l perform, l'tl recommend it.

 

It's .in experience.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

