 
  

harm-y... .- 

Rea an's Short-s] hted Pol/c

 

A One ManMandate

' Michael Farrell

'When one considers such recent blunders
as his proposal to allow tax-exempt status
to racially segregated schools, it appears
Ronald Reagan has little concept of the
political realities of our» modern age.
Reagan, by virtue of his large margin of vic-
tory in the i980 presidential election,
believes that Americans have granted him a
mandate for radical social and economic
change. Unfortunately. lre ignores the ar-
bitrary nature of a presidential election.

it is common knowledge that, despite our
country's reputation as a great denrocracy,
barely 50 percent of those eligible to vote
actually do 50. Furthermore, of tltose who
do vote. many base their decisions on ortly a
few issues; otltcrs elect a candidate ortly
because he represents the “lesser of two
evils.“

virulent opposition he encountered from
groups such as the NAACP. Soon after
public opinion mounted against him,
Reagan called for a rcinstatcntent ol' the
previous policy. A public relations cant-
paign was initiated that denied Reagan’s in-
volvement in the reverse decision blaming it
on lower officials. I cart only question the
competence of an administration so short-
sightcd as to initiate a policy acqtricscirtg to
a small portion of the population while in‘
furiating and alienating a grorrp as powerful
as the NAACP.

i believe the Reagan administration
should rethink its self-proclaimed mandate
which serves ortly to shroud the political
realities tr leadership llltlxl understand to
govern effectively.

lf Reagan can begin to opt-tart~ from it

 

"‘. . .Ronald Reagan

has little concept of

the pulitical realities of our modern age.”

Reagan, then. has not received rt mandate
for the execution of his political ideals, yet
he continues to develop sevctc policies that
serve only a small minority oi'eiti/crrs. Such
policies alienate, frustt'ttlc. and activate
large segments of the population. When the
administration realizes the political
significance of their actions, tlrey often at-
tempt to quell the disruption tltrtrtrgh policy
reversals and apologies that set ve ottly'to irr—
suit those affected.

The recent tax-exempt status for private
schools which discriminate on the basis of
race has stood for a decade. 'l‘hosc who
benefit from Reagan's decision to reverse
that policy represent only a small segrttcttt

of the voting public. The gains Reagan
believed he worrld receive by such action
were obviottsiy overshadowed by the

more realistic hasc — understanding the

rrccds of American society and the pro
bictns he will face while l'ullillitrg those
needs -— his policies cotrld attain sotttc
degree of success. llut as long as he works
witlrirt the boundaries of his electoral vic-
tory, he will serve only a mirrorin of the
population. The rtrajority he will alienate —~
women, ethnic minorities. the poor, the old
and students to name a few — will not
passively accept "Reaganisrn." Already \tc
ltave witnessed the consolidation of various
groups whiclt ltave been negatively affected
by Reagan‘s proposals. i believe that if
Rcagart continues to govern itr such tr trian-
trer he will at best, strengthen his political
opposition and at worst, create political
chaos with the possibility of severe societal
rcpcrcussions.

 

 

 

Advertising Approval

 

To the Editor:

This is a belated htrt no la sincere corti-
mendation for the ASP editorial boards
decision to no longer carry military and
NSA ads which do not explicitly state that

they discriminate based on sexual
preference. Would that the SA could cont-
plitttertt your policy by harming the
military's presence in the Campus Center.
Certainly a more reasonable compromise
might seem to be to merely request military
types to include a statement or inform pro-
spective recruits that irtdecd they do not
wartt bisexual, lesbian or gay people tojoin.

My most recent experience however in the
CC with a marine captain clarified the
situation. His mounting belligerence and
condescension was proof enough of tire
open-mindedness of military personnel and
the pressing need for well-meaning college
students to join ROTC and humanize the
military. »

i look forward to tire day when these
who espouse discrimination. paranoia anti
killing (“get those Salvadorcan villagers
before they get us") are exposed for tltcir
tnisguided policies. Hopefully this will oc-
cur before millions rnorc have to die
becatrse a few generals are bored and
billions tuore dollars are taken away from
the Working. poor, jobless and other
peoples of this country

i have ltcard pro»miiitary people describe
defense as a “necessary evil.“ All
bureaucrats ltave their owtt interests at
hand first, tltc military bureaucrats most of
all! When will this sham of “defense” he
C\ptl\ctl for its outright ott‘ensivcncss to all
.\rtrcricrrns, particularly for those “till a \i-
sion of a healthy and safe future for all peo-
ple- v not just Arrtcricrnrs.

— Michael Mcl’rtrtlin

 

Name Dropping

'i‘tr tltc i-Ztlitor:

Not everyone wants to see their name in
print. Due to 'i'crri Kaplowitl's poor repor—
ting for her “Werewolves Question Reloca—
tiott Process," which appeared itr the ASP
(Friday, February l2, 1982 edition), i have
suffered rntrclt personal distress and harass-
ment. My name was mentioned concerning
art issue with which I ltavc very little con-
nection. Not only was i not irtvolvcd with
the \‘t’crcwolves, but i was not contacted
for permission to print my name or even a
statement. And to add to my charges
against the paper. the article and Ms.
Kaplowitl. my natrtc was ttsed totrrily out of
context and qrritc inaccurately. i believe
some apologies are owed to myself as well
as the rest of tire Alumni Quad Residence
Staff, who have spent the past couple of
drrys explaining your mistake.

The main point of the article was the
Wet'cwolves' complaint that at the
Residence Review Board Hearings they
were treated as a group anti rtot as separate
individual crises. Ms. Kaplowitr did a fine
job in keeping the names of most of the
people involved orrt to protect them. i think
that was the correct approach for her to
take. But why didn‘t she carry that policy
throughout her article? instead my name

 

 first

 

  
 
   

  

‘ oon~1 JusT
'LOVE THAT ..

LATIN ‘bfAT!

 

 

l

 

  

 

r

 
 
   

was then singled out as the only R./\. to
have lodged a complaint. I've written one
incident Communication Worksheet
(which must be filled out for every lump,”
ranging from a cut finger to a robberyt on a
single Werewolf. That is my total cotlrtec.
tion to the whole situation. But in the arri-
etc i appear as the villain, as the only per son
pointing a finger (or having a linger pointed
at?). I atn appalled at this extremely tactiets
reporting.

i do not wish to corutrrertt on him I tt-r-i
about the Werewolves or what ltttppcttctl at
the Residence Review Board Hearing.
They know personally ltow i feel. I think rrr
the future a more thorough job slrtrrrlrl lrc
done at botlt the investigating and rcpnrtrrry
ends.

 
  

 

— Hillabetlr iioltltvs
Itcsirlr'n/ .‘l hr c.an
.-l/l/lti/Ir truss!

 

Referral Consultants

 

To the l-Zditor:

itt September I930. tr tcw nrr-rrrltc. ‘ :r.
i'tc-i.rr\\ Association met to drxr ltr
possibility of a settice which would; r~ it.
for referred and referring Dililik's urr .\ r it
questions concerning a .itrtlrciul It tr.l
licuting. Simple as it nru_\ we .
Association encountered a lot of red my or
their endeavor to initiate this settitr Kill.
the idett has been trartsforrrtcd into it .tl‘lr

The Judicial Referral I’ccr ('orrwttrnt
Service. which is only officially otrcrcu rtr
State Quad. has cigltt trained L'tlil‘vlllidill
willing to atrswcr questions from urn trr
dent. Please understand that the scrtrtc lu-
ing rcntlcrcd is strictly procedural and rtr
formative, and to maitnairr cortl’itlcrrtr.rlrn .l
sttrtletrt rntrst cotttacl us.

For more information call: JOE-JIM or
457-7904.

r.“

 

 

 

 

 

-— Diane lirilttrtt

iletlr Sheirrher)

Ctr-('rrtrrrlrrrrrlurx

~l'4‘lil'i‘1/ Rtf/el'rtll Peer (‘mrsrr/rrml.

Albany’s Athena

To the Editor:

One of the means by which our L'tllltrlr‘
keeps women oppressed is through tlrc
ideology that orrr experiences as \\'Uiiit'il .rrc
individual ones. This ideology l‘~
perpetrated by denying rtrrd discouragin
women from comrntrnicating with L'rlt'll
otltcr. This isolation between women storp
us from supporting caclt other in posiritc
ways.

Feminist Alliance hopes that tlrrour'h
Alltcrra, a women's literary journal, we can
break down these barriers which keep us rrr
isolation. We hope to opctt up channels lot
women to speak to each other. in order to
achieve our goal. it is improttrnt for us to
represent all women. As worttcn, our cv
pcricnccs ctrt across racial, cthnic and
economic backgrounds. We urge all women
to participate in any and all ways.

All comments. criticisms, questions. to
well as journalistic contributions are
welcomed. Contributions cart be placed in
the Feminist Alliance nruiihox located in the
SA Office. If you would like to volunteer to
ht-‘lD With editing or publishing Allie/tit.
please leave your name and ntrmbcr at our
office — CC 347. All contributions are due
by Friday. March 51h. Thank you.

— Maria Altamtm.‘
Ferrrinisl Allin/ire

 

 

 

I

   

Also on display amid the white marble columns . ,
“American Images: Contemporary
Photography," which features the work of 20
photographers from ten states, fifteen of whom
have Won Guggenheim fellowships. Color and
black-andwhite landscapes and portraiture are
on exhibit through March

The New York State Museum also features the
Continuing exhibits “New York Metropolis,"
“Adirondack Wilderness," “lroquots Culture,"
and other exhibits in the historical mold. Open 1
daily 10—5, 474-5842.

hen speaking of the great art cities of the
world. one can't help mentioning New

York City, Paris, Spain, or even Chicago

and Philadelphia. One would rarely mention
Albany. Unfortunately, this quaint, little town
has come to exist in the shadow of the ominous
and foreboding NYC. Nevertheless, it is an art
center in and of itself; and slowly but surely it has
been developing its 0th style and prestige. The
Plaza has certainly helped improve the Capital
District's image, along with the State Museum’s
in Albany and Schenectady. However,.mention
must be made of the smaller but substantial
galleries that line the streets of the capital district.
The following is a list of 25 galleries in and
around the Albany area; what and who they are
showing and when. Many of the exhibits are

 

Art:
Alive I
AlbanY

1) Nelson A. Rockefeller Empire State Plaza Art
Collection: A permanent exhibit'that's either lov-
ed or hated, depending on one's artistic sen-
sibilities. Nearly all of the 92 works aré modem
and abstract, by reknowned artists including

 

‘ ' 5 I '  ' I. H acclaimed and certainly deserve _ . ‘
Ed'tonal RthOrIC (“Hr'qniilinn Rothko, Paul Jenkins, i‘ranZ Kline. Calder, and i g
' I ‘tJ . . '
“manor 1“ 9‘ Oldenburg. Pieces are anywhere and
inresponsetothecditorialcntitled“Man 1) No... York State Museum: Lucaletl at the everywhere throughout the Plaza,butare mostly r

in the hallways beneath, Tours every Wednes-
day 10:30 and 2:30 from Visitor's Services, in V
the Concourse: 4737521. .I ' . ,

(continued on page 7a)

t

hentl (If the l’lrtzo. the museum recently received
national attention Vin zr Neursrtrcek article on
"200 Years of Circus Art Takes The Ring, an

by Debbie Millman exhibit which runs through March 7 (589 bmil-

.___.—-——-—— -—r-"“—”" i
r

Over Man" in last Friday's ASP. WL‘ “mild
like to reply with an alternative viewpoint
Certain statements in the editorial appear to
be unsubstantiated by any hard facts, and
read more like empty rhetoric. Wt: nur-
"CUIMIY take issue with the statement that

   

 

 

 

m...‘  m cm; a... .

 

 

 

 

Us“ ,. . ._ . _.....__....m.“wwwr‘mmmwwmmw‘w

 

 

describes the Salvadoran rebels as

 

 

 

 

