 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I T O R I

 

 

 

Saswa in
en Sasway was settterteed to two-and-a-halt'

B years iit federal prison yesterday for refusing
to register for tlte draft.

Enton Eller faces a prisort sentence for refusing to
register for the draft within 90 days of his conviction
for resisting registration.

The return of draft prosecutions indtrcc a fcelitrg
of rtostalgia. Sorrte of the old songs don‘t seem as
lated as they used to.

For I inure/ted to the halt/es of the German lren~
e/r/ln a war Ilial was" bound to end all war/I may!
have killed a million men/zlan now they wanl inc
ltut'lv‘ again/Bra I ain ‘t a-nrureln‘n ' airwnore.

After the end ol' Reagan‘s grace period iit March.
ttie one<millioit plus draft resisters begart waiting t'or
the first indictnrertts. And they came. tiller arid
Sasttrry were among the first.

And won't be the last. The Justice Department is
working on other cases. and will continue until
registration ends. They certainly won‘t run oirt of
cases.

But as hard as the goverrnttcnt tries, as matty cases
they bring to court, as ntany lies they continue. they
won‘t be able to end the resistance rnovcmertt.

The Reagan administration and the ritilitarists
backirtg it ltave forgotten something very irirportant.
fhey've forgotten that the people they‘re trying to
get to register grew up dtrring Victrrrtrrt. Childhood
ntetrtorics of body counts on the evenirtg netvs don‘t
go away easily. Like his boot cantp photograph. a
memory of a brother killed in the tvar may fade. btit
enough of the image remains to help its remember
tvltat the photo once showed. We grew up with Mai

C

’t a-marchin’

l.ai arid Kent State. We grew tip with dcatlt.

For I flew the final mission in the Japanese
.s'lt'ies/Sel off/lie mighty IIll(.S‘/II'()()NI roar/ When I saw
the cities hnrnin'/I knew that I was learnin'/'I‘hal I
air! 'I a-marc/ri/i' anymore.

 

For most r'esisters. the act ol' resistatrcc comes
frotrr moral objection to war. artd this courttry's use
of it. The military doesn't exist to protect some
elementary school notions of free world democracy
— it exists primarily to build corporate profits at
home arid protect corporate profits abroad. To resist
registration is to refuse to allow yourself to become
part of this corpor'ate/military system H which is

O L U M

Justice white man style

three again the \rrrerrcari tlltlILlitl system ltaa proten it is
r;r.irdly blrrrd and ttrotally bankrupt.

\Ibany's tcccttt "l'rut- llills Slasher
this type of white man's iirsttcc. or ttrorc actrrratclt. lack ot

lttal t'\t'ttt]tltllcs

rtrsttee. ( ontictcd I‘t trttty rrl his peers l‘-l\l. t ll.llls" \tI
\lis'\\\, an crghttcn \L.tl old -\lb.tttv Illatk Ittdlt was lotrttti
guilty of amurlt. \ndrews was originally charged with .tt

l .
lRobert Martiniano 1

Hits case began early iit June when two ~.trtt|tc \\|lll\'
women were assaulted in the Pure llills rceiorr or \ibaut
In both cases. tlte slclllll had her throat slashed. 1 inc vieturr
lL'titIitcd otcr one httttdtcd stitches to close the wound.

llre trial did not last very long. lioth \lklllll‘s rtletttitrcd
\ndrews as the nrarr who assaulted tlrcrrr. ln detcnse. .‘\ll-
drew» ltad an alibi which the prosecution eonld treter
rlitprove. 'l he deliberations took longer.

three times the jury of twelve tvhite rrrert and ttorneu told
lodge .loseph llarris they tvere lurrtg ttitlr iro ‘sttllllltttt tll

teht. l‘ach titttc .ltrdgc Harris scltt tltc itrry brick lot more
‘-.~liberation, refusing to accept a hung rtrry. .lrrdgc llariis
antcd a verdict. even at the eypense ofjrrsticc. l inally. ac-
ordirig to speculation. the jury carttc back ttitlt a corn
rionnse \crdiet'. itttroccrrt ol' atterriptcd murder brrt guilty

r,rnptetl :rrurtlct.

it assault.

l'ltis case has sc\ctc implications for our jttstitc system.
\ Black man convicted of any criruc by a totally white itrrv
i. not being indgcd by his peers. l‘hc irtditidtral rrrrots could
not relate to Andreth background. No matter wltat the
.tveto-economical backgrounds ot these inrors were. rlict
ttctct come close to evpeiiencirut what r\tltltL'\\s has. at .r
Illack per-.on.

If one oi as. .is a young ctrllcgc strident. tt.r-. tit-rite indeed

it) a group ol nursing home resident .. wc would i '~.|\ctiL-It r~

a timilar situation. l'lrese r-t-rtrtrrt ruiors, it

open riritided they may he trittt'L'tlltlltt rrrir Ia» , .rtu: r.
relate to our situation rtt lllc. Nor can we rr'l.rtr to l’ltll
situation. We cart cspeiicttcc Cilcll otlrer‘s sitttatiott senor rt
ly'. but we cart ttc\ct relate errrotionally to L‘\t't\ll:||ll' r or:

nected with thrust .itrrations.

With this lack ot ctirrirnunrcarion. rt i.r.  r r||
onccivable. liials become who communicate best with
’he jury, wlto relates best to the jury, not whether the
.'vidcttcc presented determines onc's guilt or itruoccruc.

Sending the jury hack the three times to come to a deci-
all)" of guilt or innocence was even a bigger travesty ot‘

rustttc. llung |ll|tt's arc llt‘llllllt' tievt to out itrdicral system.
the |‘lL“-I\l|ll_L' rirdr'c tiL'lelL'v a mistrial. l'lic district at-
'ttrltch otlrcc .rttd thc rlt'tt-nsc lawyers rework their cases
.ttlt'tltrilltltl to pit-.cnt .. lrcltct ease. lltc case is retired with
.r new 1tIl\ wrtlr tlrc llt‘I‘l‘ that a verdict can in: tcaeltcil.

lI thr retried .asc .u'am cttil'. iii a hung irrry. the district
can r.'tlltt'l rent the case again or dismiss the charges. llllllt'
rrttres hate lveeotttc .i legitimate tool oi the tlclcnse llt
\tnerrca‘ . tudrcral synlt'ltt .ltrdgc llartis had no tight takttu-
that tool away. lltc defense has the tight arid air obligation
to use every legal atcrtttc to receive an .tcrprrttal for its
client. ily torerrtg more deliberation. .lirdgc llarris coerced
tlrc lttttits rttto rtiakrrtg a tlL'\l\lt)|l they said they were not
willing to make.

 

 

   

getting trtore and more difficult.
Call it peace or call it reason/C all it love or call it
treason/Ina I ain 'I a-nrarchin’ anymore.

The draft never really left. it just clrartged form a
little. Instead of the lottery draft, we now ltave the
eeottorrtic draft. Those of us with mearts to find jobs.
or pay for college are exempt. More attd more people
are having their options reduced by the depression.
Few jobs arid less aid make tltc military look like a
good option ~— that‘s one of the reasons why there‘s
so little aid and so few jobs.

The number of l8-year-olds is decreasing. 'l‘hat's a
dctttograpltic fact. The Pentagon cstitnatcs that one
otrt of three young men will ltave to he inducted to
maintain its present numbers irt only a l'ew y airs,
Present ertlistrnents are far over quota —— now. in a
few years. the only way to keep tltosc numbers up
will be to start calling up numbers.

That’s where resistance contes in. It's one oI' tltc
ntost effective ways of letting the government know
that their priorities aren't yours. It‘s an id at that
some men — like Sasway attd Ellcr — are willing to
go to jail for.

Now look a! all we've won/ With Ihe sabre and the
gun/ Tell me. is it worth it all? —- Phil ()i-lrs

Just before he was sentenced. Bert Sasway was
allowed to make a statement. He said that draft
registration “deprives young men of one of the most
important moral decisions they can make —- to trike
another life."

Resistance to draft registration is making the deci-
siott that you will rtot trike attotlter life.

N

 

\\ ltetictct the irttlieial system is distorted. it is the troll
lllyt class which loses orrt. \\‘c were prorrrtsctl a gold lttllt.
ttitlt our itttlreial sy stern; we were only tlclivctcd tltc ~vlralt
('ltatles .\tttlrews is ortly otic ticlitn .urroiry nrant.

.‘lnr/I'r'u‘v tvrtv yeltlr‘ltt'eil Vl't’Y/t'l'tIlLl' Io tern/v Iii/allure J‘
to 22 ,i'ern'v in \Iala prison/or Ilii'_/i'I‘v/-r/t'e/i'e rl\\rlllll or I‘ lllr
lt'i'IlIt'. 24. am] Iltr' tet'rnril-i/i‘eree rrtvrrrrl/ rr/ (r'r/i/ Uil/\Il, 3H

'I'lre It’r'I/It‘ l‘t'l'tllt'l (lea/I .‘lIll/l'l‘lt". (I 5 In [5 ‘l‘t‘tll‘ tenlr'trr r'
lt'IIl/t' ll'alt/r's t'tl\(’ IN‘ttlI.L'/Il rt 3’: lo 7 year It’llll. Ir’rrll:
women were l'IlI it'll/t a I'tlzrrr-II/u' oli/i't'l llIlIllllt‘\ rr/rrnl
tvliila relrrrnnie to their Ito/net r/r l’nre Ilrl/t rr/t .Iltllt' 2.

Judge Ilrrl'r'iv irrtrslerl Ilral IIIt‘jll/jt' was not i'Ut‘It't't/ tlllt'
delivering a van/rel. I'ltejnryt' (It'll/It'l‘rllt'r/ Ni.» hora". orr'r
t'vrrlem'e aml letIinrmrt'ji'unt 2.? tt‘llllt'Ht'k I'tI.

DtORCES rﬂyg

LK‘ll‘ZE- v

.. .. rt
Telltttbelll
DJ (

 

 

l
i so-.. .
 ’izfig’i'riquilqn‘ .‘r . éﬁrxj‘ . / ~ /I/ :r» r:
“SUREREGlﬁTRATlON l5 AN lNTRUélOlvl. BUT “‘5 ONLY lN CA6 , _ HA5
TO BE DQFENDQDMIC e Tl‘le. U 5

 

 

. .. .0... .....a..........._...._

 

 

. ,_ ._ _...__.-.... w...- w -_.-a....—.-...._..

 

 

T T E R S

 

 

Off-campus housing

To the Editor:

Students mistakenly assttttie several tliittgs about Ilrc ()l'f-
(‘ampus llottsittg ()l'l‘ice l()('l l()), with often costly rcsttlts.
I had to learn the hard way how little tltc office does to keep
bad landlords frorii ripping off students. attd so l'd like to
prcsettt a few hard facts to my fellow students. lf 1 cart prev
teitt inst titre other person Irottt being rippctl oft. this letter
trill have been worth it.

lhc ()t llt) decided this summer that it worrld stop
scrccning bad landlords from advertising their housing!
Karlene Kar'lson. head of thetit'llt) arid Neil llrottn. Dean
for Student Affairs. were worried that ripset landlords
tvorild site the University if they continued screening for
bad landlords. Asa result. almost nothing a lattdlord does
cart trow prevent ltittt front advertising to unknowing
strtdettts on Ilrc off-campus housing board. liatlicr this
iirorillt. for example. my landlord. one Michael Rickmau.
broke a lease with rite arid my housemates by renting otrt
our house to sotrteorte else. We were all sltoeked tvltett we
drove ittlo Albarty to find orrt that we had no place to stay;
nowhere to live. Yet. ()(‘liU‘s rietv policy prevettts them
from taking this landlord‘s rtarrre down. I was told that
even if this man is eortvicted in court for acting illegally
towards rue and my housemates. ()(‘th will will refuse to
btirt this guy's ads front their board!

in other words. Ilrc ()(‘llO tvittdovv has become litllc
rttore than a free source of advertising for the landlords of
the Albany area. and a cheap way to hit the vulnerable stir-
dent market. Those students must. on their own ‘ earch
tltc record of each landlord. the University has given up on
its chance to try arid protect students who are looking for
good off-campus housing frorn good landlords. Fortunate-
ly for students. the OH ('tttttpus Association. a branch of
the Student Association. is rtotv trying its best to provide
sortie kind of protection for students by providing tlrerti
with some information about bad landlords. Still. the
University's decision not to protect its students has already
causctl nccdlcss suffering attd financial loss.

—Murk W. I’rlcrtlimd
Daniel W. Levine
Lori A. l'ugllese

n

   

The Union is you

To the Editor:

No. the Student Union is not the t'ampus ('enter! it‘s
not even the satire thing as Student Association.

the Student Union is a grassroots organi/ation that was
originally fortticd eight ycats ago whctt the green SUNY
buses were threatened with a take over by ('IJI'A. lhc
students were suecesstul irr keeping the green buses and
since then. the Albany Student Union has been involved itr
tttatiy cltorts such as the Save \lINY rally and the | ollctt's
bookstore sit itr three years ago.

Recently. the Student l mini played an illtptrtlaltt role ttt
gaining the right tor students in Albany to lL't'lslte'l arid tott-
ttt their college community. Previously. students wishing to
tote had to reyi~ter in the district of tlteit parcrits‘ ltorrre
attd tote by absentee ballot. llrracver. students ttcrt ottetr
al'lcctcd by legislation rtt .\lb.tnv. Students cart ttott It‘t'|‘~lL‘t
arid vote where their toiccs can be heard as d block (most
elections are decided lt\ less that ltt.tlttl) totes there are
more than Itt.tttttt students in Albany t and where tltey spend
rtrost of their tirric llI Albany.

Now that students have the right to vtrtc here. the Stu»
dcrtt Union is part of a the group coalition registering
voters on campus to help insure that the students will etcr»
cisc their right to tote w tvlretlter in Alharry or by absentee
ballot in another district.

What kinds ol activities does the Student Union involve
itself in? Just about any issue that is pertinent to students.
be it a campus. local. state. or even federal issue (such as
letter writing campaigns to Senators and Congressmen to
protest crrts irt studertt aid for tuition.) Because of its at-
filiation with the Student Association of the State Uttivctsl~
ly (SASU  a statewide SUNY organi/ation) the Student
Union has beett cftt-etite in the past iti dealing with state-
wide issues like the St NY budget. Methods include not ort-
ly the more pimlrei/vtl rallies at SUNY t‘entrrrl. brrr rrttcn-
sivc lobbying oi state legislators by students. llowett-i . tie~
lotics' cart ortly be accomplished it enough students are will»
log to participate :rtrd spealt up. If students don't defcttd

 
 

tlrcit ow tt tltJlrls. no r or else will.

l‘ir» sen-t rt 'v " ‘wt dent lrnion has plan to sponsor a
. nat‘rlatr U  it .rv. rttty'lt.” .trrttal lilllllliltlik'N. among
other llllltt‘s. |r..-.. i'l't part oI a voter s'illhtllll‘ll earn-

prrtgtr to make antler-r note-iv. .rttatt ot the l'-stts"s and tltL'
candidates. this way strrderrts can trite with thought. not
inst \UIL'.

Ilu' tttztttr rem-Ho t-rr the \liblr'lrl lrtrrort -. csrsrwnrr- r.
you! this is art tilt'ttlllr’alttttt tltat \\lll listen to ally \llltltlll
who lttts something to say 7 yet rrraity studentsarc unaware
of its existence. Apparently witltottt the knowledge of the
majority of students. the Student Union had a general iti-
tcrest meeting lttst week. If riiorc people were atvatc of
Union meeting, pctltaps the Union could be a trtorc cl'fec»

If you're Intoxicated by this time don't despair. the real
meaning of all this nonsense is simple. The United States
guarantees our freedom and acts in the interests of our
security and Well being. Many people. nations. and other
political factions throughout the world are opposed to these
ideals and always had tried to crush them. Before we rant
and rave we must cotttpttre oirr lives to tlteirs -— our beer to
their vodka —— otrt peace to tlteirs . . .

-—Slevcn M. (ireenbnum

Tell it to Middle Earth

’1 iv the litlllor:

t not pleased to see the ASP taking leadership itt helping
make the University ('ommunity aware of problems of sex-
rral assault arid rape. (her the past several years. the Middle
l artlt program and the Residential Life staff have offered
and presented a number of programs and workshops on
this topic designated to increase awareness of these pro-
tdems. 'loo otrett. however. student response lttis been
apathetic at best. I trope your attempts will increase campus
awareness and also assist those who are assaulted in repor-
ting this iirforinrttiou lit a tirrtely fashion so that appropriate
rnrcitentioii may commence inttncdiatcly.

I would also like to comment on the statements at-
tributed to me ill last I riday's ASP. Because Middle Earth
Is prohibited from ditulging the idcrttity of arty client. or
any client information. when we call to make counseling
appointments. we may only speak directly with the client
him or herself. l actually stated to the reporter that delays
(such as Irate been alleged in the ASP) in scheduling ap-
pointments netci last for three weeks' duration when we
have an accurate plunte contact through which we can
siwtlk to the client directly. We may not leatc messages with
tltird parties. lhcie ltave been rare but unfortunate iri-
eidcttts when L'llL'llls have left wrong ruuubers, or for other
reasons cannot be reached directly at the numbers they give
its. Delays do unavoidably result itt such instances.

We wish to encourage arty persott who has a cotttplaint
about Middle l-.arth's services to cotitact us. We want to
kttow if we have problems with our procedures so we can
make changes artd avoid further problctns for litany
other clients. We itrust insist. however. that the eliettt cott-

tact tts directly. as we cannot discuss such concerns with

tive vehicle for student opinion on campus. Witlt this in
mind. the Sttrdeitt Union has decided to give stttdettts
another cltartee. There will be another general interest
rrteetiirg tomorrow night. Wednesday. October 7 at 7:00 prti
iit LC l7. In order to be a more effective organi/ation seri-
sitive to sttrderit needs. rrrore students must speak tip and let
the Union know tthat their tieeds are. A small number of
students cart only- speculate as ttr the itecds arid opirtlorts of
the majority of students. Art orgatti/ation that attempts to
speak for the strrdcttt population trccds itipttt arid sttppott
from the student population.
lhe Student Union attempts to be as meat as possible to
rtotify students of its events. lrtrt if Union tttcnrbctsltip
dwindlcs. the voice is quieter. for whatever reason r- ii.-
noiance ol' the etistencc of the Student Union. tttrscttltccp~
tiorrs about its role on carttptts. or the by rtott all too
tarttiliat favorite w sttrdcrit apathy 7» the Student Union is
having ttotrblc attraction ttrctiibersliip and support total
the student body. lltetc is strength irt numbers —- btrt the
rurrribcts must include you.
-— Madelyn Kelstcln

Drink to freedom

To the l-Itlltor:

America is truly the land of ignorant intellectuals. We
ttevcr seetri to rcali/e how privileged w- are to have l‘rcc
discourse of our ttiisgttidcd rhetoric.

Perhaps America is like a quad party: the beer always
runs out before cteryottc has had their fill arid the sttidettts
complain fora few minutes before they stagger off to find a
better party (there or r alt 'ays parties to find if yotr Irate the
right friends). We alwttys want more beer attd don't corr-
t.ider it possible to be without it. l never believed my parents
when they said "Stevie... drink your hccr...childrcu are
sober iti liurope."

We ltear a lot of oppositiotr to the New York drinking
age. Who wants to be proofcd'.’ What are parlics like
abroad“! 'l'hcy don‘t proof iii a few ('enttal American
Coniitrics—-it's an invasion ol' privacy. And you never have
to tvorry about getting a ride-~they send social events corri-
tnittec to your house to pick you up. Their- pattics are so
successful that most of these people never go ltorite again.

Of course students irt Islamic countries don‘t have beer at
their parties. btrt this doesn‘t ttrakc tltcrtr dtrll. Did you hear
about the Iranian shindig that lasted for over a yettt'.‘ \\'hat
a blast! they ltad singing and shouting atrd .tll soils or Inn.
\\'hat a turnout there was. llrc U5. charge d'allattcs atttl

any third party.
— David P. Jenkins
Middle Earth ('orirrllniuor

his stall were the guests of horror.

Rerrrcrnltet ldr Amin. the well rounded .\lllL.l|l tellott
who like to dress rip Ill clabotatc military costumes and
throw lavish dirrncis'.’ Ilclorc bidding larewell to his guests
he invited them back tor the nest etciuug to be served as

To the unknown driver

to llttI litlitor:

I‘m not terrain. but I think he was ill his late fifties or
early sl\llt‘\. He had brown ltait that was graying iii the
ltottt and at the vttlt'» l couldn't see his name. but it was
pr ruled on .r srltcr platt primed to his blue nylon racket. llc
“as a H'l Ni \ bus driver. and he stopped to pick rip a slll‘
dent hall a blot k trout the lltetator Western stop because
lte knlllki sec the vl‘ltlk'lli running lot the bus stop. He was
obviously riot Ilrt .itrrc driver who roared past tire last
winter (when ll \\.Is 15 degrees 1'.) l‘k‘k-lth‘ he wanted to
beat .r tcil ligltt. I thank you. Sir. even it yotrt generous act
did not bettetrt rrre pct stillttllL lcatt only ltopc your fellow

lcltotcts.

Poland is an ttrtcrt-strng country to celebrate til. it wasn't
always ‘ti percent Roman t admire. you know. lhct enter
taiticd tlietttscltes with silllll‘ tires in the l‘t-ltl‘s. llctoic the
'sonroict“ or the

allies invaded they were really rrrto
human variety. look at the Poles rrott...tlret're otcrpar
tycd attd bankrupt. \\ hen they tottrplarti about not “\‘lllllt'
enough beer they‘re treated to water tannoris and riot
police.

If you must rant arid rate. have a beer tirst and tltttrk
about what parties are like rrr otltcr countries. Remember

that rrrarry foreign goverrtrrrcrrts are very social» they want drivers areas \1‘ll‘sltlv'lrllL‘ as you

its to come over for some beers one day. w Bruce Mc('rrrdy

 

cjzlspecttS

 

Established in 1916

Dean Bet1.irir'rrr rrrCIirr-I
Wayne Poerebuum. AirllIJtltIlt] t‘inrri/

Production

Jack Durschlng. Production Maintain

Editorial

News Editors

ASPucls Edttot
Associate ASI’ect-s [dilor
Sound Editor
Vlslott Editor

Math llalllllrtrtttl.lt‘tl Kittilot‘lll.’
Uetilrttr Mrltrtiart

Marian t5 taylur
Hotierl ULllllt'ttll'l
oarrrranVartnnursrrurrv
Mir ltrtrrl (Zarrnetr. Mrttt‘ Hr'thtrtll

ChletTypesattor Catrtrnmart
Vertical Curnorn . . Llrll Bonitla
Paste-up: Mitihr-y Fire.» twsrvu trarkrrt. Davin ‘.t..r  .crr. Part, Mdcirritl,
fypisis..lt)ycc Hath. . ~ r, Pat r .vrr»r:urr.r~ .r. .ittttotirlris-ttrlr.avo.

 

3
r”:

  
  

 

           

   

Spoils Editors

A5505...” 5pm” Em“), M‘Hy‘ﬁ“ W .'tr.'.rrrr iii tteymarr tirrrra. it rrrot Uruetr Part. innit. taut irura guru)

Etlilttttnl Pagan Eititur Lo leJlIiltl‘t

Editorial Assistants- rat-tr- (tremor. trurrnw l'trrlr‘lrt Stall writers: Mlht‘ Ut'tt

sort. Fetish. Ht tilt'l [raw t'itrnot-rrr ilay tarrarrrre llritttitr' tiarrrrtnett. tacit Catt

ltrt irrrrmr Kt'llltt-lll llttit’y. nat lit-tltrtt ‘ilt‘lllli'll IttlL-Itl [)r‘ltlrtt' .ttirrtie

timer. i.r . )ltt l.lt.irlr r, r.r taught ironic. Mar Mtltatt ti ‘ttl Mir lrrrvltirrtt. i rsa Photography

i»... 4 Phil i-sltt t tart. l'.iti' lt.‘ it .h Min Seltzrat.‘ Spectrum and itrtrtrltvtt trttrrrvttallr to Utw'tutlv “twin 3: t' J '«' ‘w‘tnturrtr

Events [tittntz It .r .r. gr Clout Photographer: tr. u art-r UPS 5nd . v vs (‘ :zuti. sentry
, ltt‘l harm it t m ‘ Marratr it. -. or t.!r- ’- rrr Eta-tit k. Err-iv.

Busrness  . t...   c. r 

. MJ/Iar/i‘i
:m Martanu

  

llmtiire (slustitt

“‘HlY Hinder. "v r Enttie cotttrrrils enpyrrgm iatrz Albany :Hutteni I‘m: Corporation.

. r r l'rrdayr‘. botwourr

 

   

 

 

 

,.
Jauut l)tu|l|lSh. »t In rir:..rrrr Mariam-i I'rt Miran, tits h r.r r .: is prrt'rsm v.
John Troranu. .‘I in. Maintain r‘rrrjtr-a artrr June it. llrr' :‘srt‘att, I‘lulll‘l t tav- e.er. or tl.t_|tl art riiriopaiiduni
t! v: rm .mrnr .ar ".il‘t'tt
tuning istcuurttiiirrs tom r.. .mirytt that T... l :r.~ -. ,. r -;, r «r . v _ .I o. u.  O, "m Em‘uw‘
lloattl. po rut ,t‘t‘l Li i. now i. in. I..‘  . ‘r n: Artvrsrrriirrrg p-illcy

     

Allotrc Kaitcwrt.’

 

Payroll Supervisor
Olllcu Coordinator. . . . .....Jeunrter Dioci.
Compolltlun Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Marissa Wasaurntau
Advertising Sllu mutt Coiunrot. l’ulm Forward. Null Suunmttn. Advartlslrtu
Production Mun-gnu: Mindy Horowitz. Susan Poatltnan, Advortlttlnu Purdue~
ttan: Rout Glnsbaru. Michelle Horowitz, Elnlrta Russell. Otllco SIIII: Mtckey
Frank. Ellaon Newman

does not lll‘tll“ibr|lll‘, ir-ttvr r Uliilllllr’ll no my
Mailing address:
Allratty Student Press. CC 329
race Washington Ave.
Albany. NY ‘2222
(518) dSI-BGBZISJZZISSHB

 

 

   

 

we.‘

-—-..e

   

T..d..._._:, w ’-

 

