r.

  

\

 

 

WORM) CAp'sullEs; ..

. . . . . l

y o I ,'
Jordan Wants Missiles v
WA lNGTON, D.C. (AP) Defiense Secretary Caspar
Weln erger says he supports the desire of Jordan's King
Hussein to purchase mobile Hawk anti-aircraf t missiles.

Whinberger and Hussein appeared Sunday on a televi—
sion ,interview program during which tlte Jordanian
monarch said he “in the near future“ will formally sk
the United States for new weapons. including the mobile
Havlk missiles. ’ _ '

lsrael has made it clear its opposition to the Reagan
administration selling the mobile anti-aircraft missiles to
Jordan. Hussein’s military already has immobile
Hawks.

Hussein, interviewed on the same program said the re-
quest for the additional U.S. weapons was delayed after
Israel protested remarks attributed to U.S. officials
when Defense Secretary Caspar Weinbergcr visited Am-
man two weeks ago.

UAW Gives Ford $1 Billion

DETROIT. Michigan (AP) it wasn't easy for United
Auto Workers members to give an estimated $1 billion
in wage concessions to Ford Motor Co.. biit when it
came to voting they heeded tlrelr union leaders arid
remembered their laid-off colleagues. trnion officials
said. ‘.

The UAW announced Sunday tiiglit that Ford
workers ratified a proposed new contract by a vote of
43.683 to 25,933. or 73 percent in favor. UAW President
Douglas Fraser said Sunday the vote "unqrtcstionttbly"
was influenced by the number of Ford workers on in-
definite layoff. “plus the fact that Ford litid sortie plant
closings within the past year.“

Union concessions will enable Ford to resuriic Stip-
plcmental Unemployment Benefits payments. which
provide eligible laid-off Ford workers with tip to 95 per-
cent of their take-home pay.

The payments to workers with less seniority were errt
off in February because the Ford SUB fund was
depleted. Under the new pact. Ford must irrimediately
deposit $70 million into the fund.

Terrorists Bomb New York

NEW YORK. New York (AP) The FALN. a Pucrto
Ricun terrorist group that is seeking independence for its
native island. has claimed responsibility for four power-
ful bomb blasts that ripped through the city's historic
financial district. damaging buildings that house two
stock exchanges. a major investment firm. and a bank.
police said.

There were no injuries.

The terrorist group claimed responsibility for the
blasts in a five-page. neatly typed communique.
discovored taped inside it phone booth on Manhattan‘s
Upper West Side after an anonymous caller telephoned
The Associated Press.

Asylum Asked for Hatians

NEW YORK. N.Y. (AP) Pope John Paul 11 will ask the
United States to offer asylum and humane treatment to
black South Africans and l-laitans. according to the
Rev. Jesse Jackson.

Jackson. who heads Operation PUSH. returned Surr-
day from a trip to Rome. He led the delegation that met
with the pope on Thursday to discuss what he called the
unequal treatment of black and white refugees.

Jackson told a news conference at Kennedy Airport
that the United States has “two yardsticks" to measure
human rights violations, and the Statue of Libery is now
limited to “greeting refugees who are white."

The group specilically expressed concern about the
rights of South African blacks and the 2.800 llriitun
refugees currently living in U.S. immigration facilities.
which Jackson referred to as “Concentration Camps.“

"We were determined to take this crisis of lluitan
refugees from the concentration camps to Vatican
City.‘I said Jackson.

Chapman Forced to Eat

UTICA. N.Y. (AP) A judge has authori/cd the force
feeding of Mark David Chapman. the convicted killer of
ex-Pcatlc John Lennon. if the procedure is required to
break Chapman's 25-day fast.

Chapman. 26. former Honolulu resident. has said he
is starving himself to publicize the plight of the world’s~
undernourished children.

State Supreme Court Justice John Tenney reached his
decision Friday - the day after a court hearing In the
Central New York Psychiatric Center in Marcy. where
Chapman is kept - but waited until yesterday to request
the-state attorney general's office to draw up an order

for his signature.

Dr.'Martin Von Holden. director of the institution for
the criminally insane. said his staff still hoped to per-
suade Chapman to eat. '

He said preparations had been made to start fdrce-
feeding as soon as deemed necessary. A staff phys clan
examined Chapman this morning and said there had
been no change in his condition, Von Holden' said.

At the hearing, Dr. Daniel Uwah of the center staff

testified that Chapman had lost 12 pounds in 15idays

since arriving from Attica prison Feb. 10.

Beneﬁts Possiblylli‘roze

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Congress may i'reeze.

Social Security benefits at least temporarily this year
without waiting for President Reagan’s blue-ribbon
panel on Social Security reform to finish its work, says
Sen. Robert Dole. . ' _

Dole. R-Ka‘n” told his fellow members of the Na-
tional Commision on Social Security Reform at its first
meeting Saturday. "We may have to do something on a
temporary basis in Congress this year with Social Securi-
ty. notwithstanding the president's indication that we
should not." ‘

Dole told reporters afterwards. “There's a lot of
discussion about changing. at least on a temporary
basis. some of the Social Security features."

Newspaper Thumbs Koch

SYRACUSE. New York (AP) New York City Mayor
Edward Koch is expected to kick-off his caiiipaigir for
the gubernatorial election with a visit to this upstate city
in April. bttt he‘ll never make it even this far it' a local
newspaper has its way. I

The Syracuse IIera/(l-Amerir-mr launched a drive Suri-
day to keep the democratic hopeful out of the race! for
governor. saying the mayor‘s recent interview with
Playboy magazine proves “the biggest rttbes live in
Manhattan."

The ﬂamboyant Koch. who was overwhelmineg
elected to a second term last year. is quoted in'thc
magazine‘s new edition us calling surburban life
“sterile” and rural life “a joke." The remarks slung
New Yorkers outside the city. whose support Koch is
seeking in his newly announced gubernatorial campaign.

Koch made his bid for governor after more than
14.000 New York Post readers returned coupons printed
in that newspaper urging him to rtrti.

Along with air editorial blasting Koch Sunday. the
Syracuse newspaper printed its own coupons bearing a
picttrrc of the tnayor and the words “1 don't think 13d
Koeh would make a good governor ." Renders were ask.
ed to sign the coupons and mail them to “Stop Koch."
care of the Herald American.

Koch. told about the editorial. said Sunday. “Any
paper has it right to engage in a poll with its constituents
and l have no problem with it. ltt fact. 1‘” be interested
iii the results. birt polls have never made the decision for
me one way or the other on anything." ‘

Guerrillas Shoot Ofﬁcer

SAN SALVADOR. El Salvador (AP) Leftist guerrillas
determined to disrupt the elections for a constituent
assembly March 28 stepped up their campaign of
violence over the weekend. shooting it fur-right retired
military officer.

A spokesman for the National Republican Alliance
(ARENA) sttid retired ttr'tuy Maj. Roberto D'Abuisson
was ambushed Saturday treat llopurigo Airport. and
rushed to the capital’s Polyclirric Hospital.

Doctors said a btrllet entered his upper right chest and
came ortl through his back. bitt one of the victim's close
associates said lillct‘ the wound was “not serious."
’l‘hcre hits been no word on his \vlier'ettbouts since.

It was the third incident of violence involving
D'Abirisson or his party in two days.

In another Salvadoran incident earlier Saturday.
D'Altttim'ml'h helicopter had been unable to land at San
Salvador. for a political rally because of fighting bet-
ween guerrillas rind troop. that £11111} antltces said killed
eight members of the goverrtriit il' security forces.

And on l-i'idriy. unidentified gunmen in too pickup
trucks tossed grenades and automatic weapons at
ARI-NA headquarters in the capital. Four people “etc
wounded.

Soviets Land on Venus

MOSCOW. U.S.SR. (AP) A Soviet space probe llltltlL' ti ‘

soft landing oti the planet Venus Monday and was sen»
ding buck photographs and information frorii soil
samples. the official news agency 'l'rrxs reported.

The Soviets and the United Sﬁtles have previously"
landed unmanned space probes on Venus. the. nearest
planet to Earth. ’i‘ass said a second module is due to lrrrid
oti Venus Friday“

The Soviet probe trarisriritted information for about
75 minutes. stopping after temperatures above 500
degrees Fahrenheit were recorded at what was later
determined to be about 20 miles from the planet's stir-
face. Tlie U.S. probe. Mariner 5. passed about 6.000
miles from the planet's surface.

 

 

 

‘ 'CAMPIJS Bitiefs

l

. Attention Athenian Writers ‘

The Feminist Alliance is now a 'ccpting contributions
for its literary journal. Athena. he journal. consisting
of poetry. letters. artwork. St on stories. essays.
photography. etc.. deals with wbmen's lives. feelings.
and experiences. 2

All contributions should be handed in to the Feminist
Alliance mailbox in the SA office by Monday. March
22. '

Coffee and Electrons.

K. Ktrchitsti. of the University of Tokyo. will present
“Low Energy Diffraction/Lced Energy Transfer
Studies With Metastable Particles." a colloquium spon-
sored by the Physics and Chemistry Departments. on
Friday March 5 at 3:30 p.m. in PM 129.

Coffee will be served at 3 p.m.‘

e ’ Become A Tool

Can you offer a few hours a week to serve as a
positive role model. supervising activities for jtriiior and
senior high school students?

“Tools Project." an East Greenbush community
cotmscling center is looking for volunteers.

They offer lrttinirrg for crisis intervention. and need
people to hpr with fund raising pltblic relations.

For more information. call 4774:1990.

Don ’t Touch ThatEgy Salad

People and Food. the hunger awareness group on
campus needs you to help recruit people to fast or to fast
yourself. rind to help iii any way yoti can.

Sign-ups are today in the Camptik Center Lobby.

All proceeds go to help underprivileged people by
providing education. food. clothing. and shelter.

A Rich Graduate? r

"All students who graduate this spring and who will
enter full time graduate study herein the fall are eligible
to apply for a $400 scholarship ft'tnded by the Class of
I972. The recipient will be selected by a committee on
the basis of need and merit.

Applications are available in,the Graduate Sttrdies Of~
fice, A1) 216. or by contacting the Alumni House. and
must be returned by April 1. The award will be niride by
the Alumni Association on Ahrrnni Day. May 15.“

For further information contact Joan Wescott at
457-4631.

Pulitzer Poetry

Pulitzer Prize poet Louis Simpson \vill rertd frorn his
works in the Humanities Lounge on Wednesday. March
3. at 4 pm.

Simpson‘s poetry is widely rtnthologived. His latest
volume. C‘ttvirtre u/ the I-‘ttlteml. won the Jewish Welfare
Board‘s Jewish lioot Council award for Poetry in 1981.
Al lire L-"ml oj'tltc Open Road won the Pulitzer Pri/e for
Poetry in 1964.

The reading is sponsored by tile English Department
trttdcr the SUNY (iitcst Scholar liXCllitllgC Program. and
the public is invited to attend.

C

A Date With Data
'1 he Departrireut of Mathematics and Strttisticv
presents two collotrrriri this week.

liccarrsc it is easier to r'ernctiiber that 20.7 percent of
unrlcrgrrtdurttc freshmen entered college with a ll
' ' age than how to make an oingtuni swttti. Professor
Michael Sutherland of llttttl|t\ltilt‘ College will speak
about “Memorable Data Sets." on Wednesday. March
311l323l)p.1|1.l11l“$ 140.

A Gene Scene

Are you wearing the right set of gerres'.‘

"l stiriiuting the Prevalence of tierrelic Defects llsitii-
incomplete (.‘ross-(‘lussificd Data" will be presented il\
well. by Professor Ronald R. Regal. Utiiiersit) of Mirt-
nesolu. Duluth, on Friday. March 5. at 3:30 pm. in 1'25
140

  

 

 

l

The next ASP will be
Friday, March 19.

 

 

 

' District

- 5000 Students'Fight To Keep EducationAid

- “ALBANY STUDENTPHESS. MARCH 2. 1982

 

‘Massive Protest In 0.0. Over Budget Cuts

BY SUSAN M ILLICAN

An estimated 5.000 students. in-
cluding 300 from SUNY schools.
lobbied their respective Senators
and Representatives in Washington
yesterday against the proposed
federal cuts to higher education. ac-
cording to United States Student
Association (USSA) Executive
Director Dave Jones.

The lobbying efforts were part of
USSA’s annual conference. Jones
said.

The students are concerned about
the Reagan Administration‘s recent
cuts in higher education aid in the
proposed '82-'83 budget.

Students from local colleges, iii-
cltrding SUNYA. RPl and Sienna
lobbied New York State Senators
Alphonse D'Amato and Daniel
Patrick Moynihttn as well as Albany
Representative Samuel Stratton.

D'Arnato said he would vote
against the proposed cuts. telling ti
student audience. “1 do not believe
that the nation cart afford fttridirig
reductions in aid to higher

‘Watts Are

IR

liy LAURIE DRUCK

After nearly three years. the
Federal Communications Commis-
sion (FCC) has approved air ap-
plicatiori by SUNYA's radio sta-
tion. WCDB. to increase its power
from 10 to 100 watts this spring.

The wattage increase will ini-
prove reception “on a clear day. for
five to seven miles." said WCDB
General Manager liill (iootlfriend.
lie added that it may also expand
the listener'ship somewhat iii the fr-
inge areas.

The radio station must now buy
and install a new transmitter. which
puts the signal in the air. as \vcll as a
new amplifier. which makes the
signal stronger. according to Pro-
gram Director Joe Tr'elin.

After construction. the station
mtist test at 100 watts for FCC tip-
pr'uvril of air quality. Trclin added.

The Educational Communica-
tions Center (ECC). which is paid
$2.000 annually for maintainancc
of WCDB equipment. will be paid
$500 to engineer the turnover to
higher wattage. according to Good-
friend.

The radio station will not stop
broadcasting during construction
although. (ioodfriend it‘diml. it
may be turned off for a~few minutes
before testing at 100 watts in mid—
May.

WCDB cannot increase its power
sooner. Business Manager Rick
Grancolini “ '

 

said. because. we
weren't able to order the equipment

cducaton. and 1 will actively Oppose
the proposed cuts. The budget
which the AdminiStratiori has
recommended for ﬁscal year 1983
would have a devastating impact on
lilghcr education."

D’Amato is a member of the
House Appropriations Committee.

Moynihan. also speaking before
a group of 500 New York students.
pledged his support. “ By any
crtlettlation. the budget the Ad-
ministration has sent us is $130
billion in deficit. and just wiping
out the futures of American college
and university students is not going
to put it back into balance — it's
just going to pill the ftrltrre back iii-
to deficit.“ .

Moynihari's press secretary Mike
McCurrry said the Senator
recognizes that such a severe birdch
proposal might be a political move
on Reagan's part. bttt "we would
hope the people would call the shot
on that."

Moyriiliun has frequently refer-
red to Reagan‘s “disastrous
economic policies." but D'Aritato‘s

Finally Up

before we received the construction
permit" front the FCC last week.

Francolini said the station will
have to wait at least 30 business
days before they can receive the
first piece of equipment. lie added
that installation should not be a

‘ problem. ris it can probably be com-
pleted in one or two days.

WCDB's' extensive application
process began in December. 1979.
after an FCC ruling gave 10 watt
college radio stations the choice of
either increasing their wnttagc or
moving their frequency to the corn-
rnercittl btirid. according to l-'('(‘
Chief of FM Facilities Ray
LaForgc.

(ioodl'ricnd believed this ruling

was it reaction to the increasing
number of low-wattage college'strt-
tions on the FM dial. The educa—
tional. non-comriiericol bantl oc—
cupies only 2() percent of FM
broadcasting.
' LuForge said the FCC was intuiti-
dated with applications for con-
strtrction permits frorn college sta-
tions rirttioriwide. and it was not
unusual for these rridio stations to
have to With over two years before
their formal applications were pro—
cessed. '

SUNY Central. which owns
WCDB. had their lawyers work
with radio station sin” to ptrsh the
application through. Assistant
Counsel Lewis E. Rosenthal said it
became necessary to call the FCC
Weekly in Order to keep ahead of the
bureaucracy.

professed opposition to Reagan's
budget proposals is fairly recent.

Stratton said the Administration
"has already gone too far in cutting
back on strident aid."and said he
would vote against the proposed
reductions.

“i doubt there is much Congress
can do to restore (aid) in the ’82
budget. as the President is most
likely to veto any alternative. lint
(the proposed cuts for fiscal ‘83)
probably won't go through rtt all."
he added.

Among the reductions in the
budget proposal are:

Giltll‘ﬂlllt'l'll Student Loans
(GSL) —— The GSL program is an
entitlement program; thus. the Ad-
ministration carinot ctrt funds. bttt
it cart changc‘ eligibility rc-
qtrireriients. Under the ctrrrcrtt pro»
gram. graduate students may apply
for (‘rSLs; the proposed pltin denies
thier eligibility. The Reagan Atl-
ininistration wants to replace the
program with Auxiliary Loans to
Assist Students (ALAS). The in»
terest rate would be 14 percent: cur-

At WCDB

The station had no problem prov-
ing its public worth. one of the FCC
requirmcnts. (ioodfricnd said.
llowevet. a locril radio station lodg-
ed on intormttl complaint ol possi-
.ble interference if WCDB increased
it-wattagc which. Goodfricud said;'
WCDll disclaimed.

It is now agreed that there will
only be an extremely small amount
of interference with WRl’l and
WAMC. the two radio stations
close to WCl)” of the dial. \VRU(’.
Union College‘s radio station. has
agreed to move their frctprcncy to
allow WCDH to obtain the con:
strtrctiun permit. WCDli agreed to
resolve any “bleed-through" pro-
bleriis with television channel 6.

although (ioodfrientl said the
possibility is minimal.

Resister’s

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP)
Legislation is expected to be in»
troduccd iii Congress this week
reducing the penalty for not
registering for the draft to a misde-
meanor and eliminating a possible
jail term.

"It's one thing not to register .
when that means evading the draft.
It's somethng else to avoid register-
ing when there is no prospect of a
draft on the horizon." said Rep.
Les Aspin. who said he will in-
trodtrce the legislation.

“The penalty should have some

Final Ruling Is Due 0n Student Voting

 

BY SHERRY COHEN

Federal Jttdgc Neil McCurn. who
issrrcd the preliminary injunction
allowing SUNYA students to vote
in their college community in the
1980 and 1981 elections. will appear
in Albany today to discuss whether
students should be permanently
granted this right.

The judge for the United Statt't
Court of the Northern

District of New York will hold a
closed prc-trittl conference at the

Federal District Court in downtown
Albany.

In 1980. 11 SUNYA students who
had tried to register in Albany htrt
had been dctilcd the right to vote.
filed suit and were granted this in-
junction. '

According to SA Attorney Mark
Mishlcr. this prellrninrtry injuneiton
was intended to lust “until some
final decision was made.“

Possible settlements will be
discussed at today's conference.
Mishlcr said. ridding if no settle-

ment is made the case will go to
trial.

Mishlcr's associate. SA Part-
Time Attorney Lewis ll. Oliver will
be representing the students at the
conference. Oliver was unavailable
for comment.

The fact that McCurn initially
issued the injunction is a good in-
dieutiori of how the conference will
go. Mishlcr projected. lint. he udd-
cd. "it doesn't have to come ortt the
same way."

rent interest rates for GSLs is 9 per-
cent. Undcr the GSL program, a
student may defer payment on the
loan until nine months after he or
she graduates; under the proposed
ALAS program. a student must pay
interest while still in school. then
begin payment on the principle im-
mediately folowing graduation. “if
a student borrowed the maximum.
of 340.000: explained SASU Com-
munications Director Marilyn Ap-
pleby. “he or she would have to pay
$1.400 every three months (while
still in school)."

in addition. the Administration
wants to make eligibility for strident
loans totally based on need. Cirr-
rently. there is an income ceiling of
530.000. Under the new proposal.
Applcby explained. those whose
parents earn more than $30.000 per
year would likely be denied
outright. regardless of other cir-
ctttttslttuces. and even those
students whose parents cttrn less
than that amount would still have
to prove eligibility.

The new bridch calls for an iii-
etcrtscd origination fee of 11) per-
cent. up from last year‘s five per-
cent. 'l'hc origination fee is the
percentage of the loan paid im-

5‘ ( '1)“ General Manager llilltiotidfrleird V

mediately upon loan approval;
Lastly the new program provides
for a change on the loan to market
rate currently at about 18 percent.
to be effective two years after
graduation. - ,

PELL Grants — The proposed
budget calls for a cut' iii the PELL
grant program from $2.3 billion to
$1.4 billion. However.l because 0"
way the program is implemented.
the cuts will not be felt until
academic year ’83-’84.

Campus-based aid — The Col-
lege Work-Study program is slatdd
for a reduction in funds from $528
million to $398 million. affecting
approximately 13,000 student jobs
in New York State alone. The new
budget eliminates the National
Direct Student Loan program
(NDSL). affecting 19.000 students
in New York State. and the Sup-
plemental Educational Opporttrnity
Grant (SEOG) program. affecting
approximately 45.000 students in
New York State. to the tune of $22
million.

Longress rs holding hearings on
the national budget. and will vote
on the proposal. including the cuts
to education. around the end of this
tnoritli or the beginning of April.

    

lphnln: tips

()n u r-lmr (luv you ('Il/I lrt'm'for rut/m

Penalties May Be Cut;

relationship to the crime." Aspin. a
member of the House Armed Scr~
vices Committee. added:

A grace period for an estimated
900.000 non-registrants borti bet-
ween 1960 rind February 1964 to
sign up without fear of prosecution
expired Sunday. But Selective Scr—
vice spokeswoman Joan Lamb said
latecorncrs who want to sign up at
any U.S. post office won't be turn—
ed away. .

Aspin wants to make non-
registration a misdemeanor carrying
a maximum fine of $200 and nojail
term. Currently a young man who
fails to register within 30 days of his
18th birthday is girilty of a felony
punishable by up to five years in
prison and a $10,000 fine.

Selective Service Director
Thomas K. Tirrnuge and Attorney
General William French Smith ltuvc
promised to prosecute non-
registrants.

Meanwhile. as the grace period
ticked away. the Reverend Paul
Abels issued the anti-draft call Sun-
day during a service at Washington
Square in New York City's Greeti-
wich Village. the scene of anti-war
and anti-draft activities during the

‘ Vietnam War.
The spirit o[_prot_eg__\yr_is evident

in Abels‘ sermon. as he spoke in
support of men who have refused to
sign up.

"Praise be to God. there are
always some. frotn time to time.
who are lifted up as an act of cons-
cience to say to the rest of us. ‘No. i
won‘t do it."‘ he said.

During the service. Matt Meyer. a
l9~year~old New York University
student who has refused to register
for the draft since he became eligi-
ble in January 1980. stood before
some two dozen members of the
congregation to publicly voice his
opposition to the draft and to say
he would continue his resistance.

“it didn‘t make sense to me that
people were being asked to do
something that could lead to war."
he said. “it is a law going against
what law's supposed to do —-
uphold peace and justice."

After the service. Meyer said he
believes many draft resistors will
face prosecution. “But that was a
risk that many of us took."

Meyer was accompanied by his
mother. Marilyn. who said she and
her husband support their son’s
decision “all the way."

“We can't think of the alter-
native. The alternative ls war." she
added. ‘

 

 

 

4.3.; ‘ '

