 

 

 

  
 

a WHO Tlckets (1,2,or3)
WIII lake best offer
Call 434-0732 or

\
'lnololnonlocoaapaoa

WANTED ,
m

23 7-8663

 

0'1“...DOIII-D'OIDDIIODIOJ-
.

 

.,--

 
  
  
  
 

N i All lS I(i\|llHR()W
Rift) (’lNll ll\'\ H)\' (“LUNIF [All
M) “ill I" III). 1504010

 

\

. * Saturday Brim-9pm 0‘”
, Please call ahead “9'95”
 Our specialty: Szechuan,iiuitau and
ff Cantonese. Polynesian drink available Boots y
r" from " '
~ 1652 Western live I $27.99 #1

    

“Tommy Lee's”

[inns mammal,

 
 

it 

~~ _, _ﬁ-‘_..M.. M---
‘i to JADE and retur
 Friday 6pm-9pm

   
 
      

(“369-9386

Great Chinese food it minutes from campus

10% discount with SUNY ID
take out service not included

 

 

OPEN DAILY

Across from Westgate Shopp/ng Center
“next to Sportique”

(Eat in rw

   

       

—'-.-1

109

O'."'.‘

l‘l'llihlvl’. [NLA \
('Al I. Hill ﬁllll“ “Mira

IVIAL|
A. l‘f-‘ir

 

    
 

   
 

A D SATURDAY'

 

 

 

t~»..

 

 

 

 

 

;‘ iz'rriulu.‘ .:.:ir 9;;-
V
l
9

 

 

‘.' li'r'.

 
 

Rock 'n roll really stirs}:
. .  IO—
(littlﬂlzyzpttlltl disc ‘ A

     

'gtlr‘riililll lt‘llllltir :w- .:.i.' m

' r»i 'H.‘

S“, ,1 in til}
' r
'i

;. I'll [to ill‘

Seven

A BLEND

‘Nliuininmrui min-iii
‘. ,. NINA!!!“ muni-

’.
e or'Seagra'M

‘ ' "ting tast .
“felts/ﬁling sounds better with
C r

  
       
  

Crown

AMERICAN WIIISKEY

“cocoon

'llriuruamu-m-mrnui

  
  
   

7& 7Ui2..An
7&7,En10y‘

. . ll atilﬁc 
2 P.M.- FREE Outdoor Cor

BLOTTO & FEAR OFS "
7 PM. FIREWORKS

 

" 'i'J‘ 313‘.» mu: ‘\ than guyrilr.‘ :.' I." A
All = \ 

  

d 30 does 60.“
)ltr‘ quality in m

x - “qr, in

 
 

 

airy and western.
adoration-

 

vv wu- n.‘ yr

    

1310mm 5. 1982' ' ,
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS .

’Natlonal football

players strike
still continues

= after 17 days

(AP) Efforts to end the National
Football League players strike con-
tinued Thursday with no signs of
apparent progress.

For the second time in as ntany
days, the NFL Managentent Coun-
cil rejected a proposal froin the
urtion for a private mcdiatior to end
tiie 17-day pluycrs' strike. it also
said it saw no point in even resum-
ring negotiations.

Late Thursday morning, [Ed
Garvey, executive director of the
National Football League Players
union, released a list of nine private
citizens the union would accept as

mediators. it included former
Supreme Court Justice Aithiir
Goldberg; the Rev. ’l‘hcodore

l-lcsburgh, presidcrtt of Notre Dame
University, Archibald Cox, the
former Watergate special pro-
secutor and three fornicr scrctarics
of labor.

But Jack Dottiaii, (iarvcy‘s
counterpart with the Mariagcriiciit
Council. rejected the proposal two

hours later, saying the owners
would only accept federal nicdia-
tion. Jim Miller, the council's

spokesman, said Garvey's call for
private mediating was "injecting,
another issue into the dispute. Who
should mediate becomes ait issue."

The management council also
stuck to the position it enunciated
Wednesday - that no further talks
would be held until the union drop-
ped its demand for a minimum
wage scale, Miller said the council
saw no point to meeting even to
discuss non-economic issues, as
Garvey had prOpOOscd. ,

"We went down that road last
week," Miller said of the three days
of fruitless negotiations on those
issues that broke off on Saturday.

Garvey meanwhile, discounted
the possibility of the union agreeing
to federal mediation.

Despite the presence of a federal
mediator in l974, the union’s con-
tract dispute with the league was
not resolved until 1977 and titen,
only after both sides agreed to settle
the dispute themselves.

Last week, Garvey said he oppos—
ed private mediation because the
two sides were too far apart and it

~ would take a mediator too long to

familiarize himself with the per~
sonalities and the issues.

However, he changed his position
this week, saying: “We need
bargaining. We need people at the
table with an open mind."

Garvey also reiterated the union's
demand that the owners come to
the bargaining table, but there
scented little likelihood of that. [i]

Danes challenged
<Back Page

Nevertheless, facing the challenge
of a tough Division li opponent.
the Danes aren't about to roll over.
Willi an undefeated 3-0 record, the
Danes are gearing for a heavy but-
tlc.

“They'll be gunning for us."
concluded Murray. “They can't af-
ford to lose to'a Division ill school.
But we’re going for the win and
we're confident we can."

"They're bigger and we’re kind
of sriiall," added Ford. “Brit we
don't have to box them or wrestle
them, we just have to play them it
good game of football."

All action can be heard of 91 FM
beginning at i:iS p.in. [ii

.a. a

um um em: nu var. -I

 . .c.......,;.. ., «matey-945g: r

 

p———'——-————

—‘

OCTUBER a. 1982 r: ALBANY swpcmrgsss  -~ ‘19

Giant start for thousands in intramural sports

 

By Barry Gellner

 

Approximately six to eight thousand
students will participate in the Association
of Men’s intramural Athletics —- more
commonly known as intramurals. This
makes the intramural department one of
the biggest if not the biggest organization
on campus. Telethon, Mayfcst and Univer-
sity Cinema are the only other groups that
can compare in size.

The AMIA is run by President Mike
Brusco. His staff consists of ii councilman.
Their job is to make rule changes, sanction

tournaments, settle disputes, and handle l

general problems of the games. in addition
to the councilmcn, there are six student
assistants, whose job is to make schedules,
supervise the games, make rules, and ad-
minister first aid.

"Although the AMIA has six to eight
thousand participants, people really don‘t
know how big we are," states lirusco.

A few years back, the whole intramural
depttrtment was run almost entirely by
faculty coordinator Denny Elkin, who did
all the scheduling and programming.
However, Elkin was shifted to facilities
coordinator.

As a result of the move, it took "a year to
get things on the rigiit track again.“ llritsco
said.

The AMIA runs softball and soccer in the

 

fall. Basketball, ﬂoor hockey and volleyball
are the mainstays in the winter and softball,
soccer and frisbee are played in the spring.
Aside from the regular sports, the group
also runs other various sports ranging from
bowling to ping-pong.

Thebiggest turn out is for softball. This
sometimes causes a problem. Last spring
230 teams signed up. That was a 40 percent
increase over the normal sign up. instead of
each team playing five or six games, they
had to be cut down to three games. “i
itltought the fall season was hard schedul-
ng, s

 

This season we teams have entered. The
teams are divided into six leagues. They are
2a. 2b. 3, 4a, 4b. 5. “Softball gives
everybody in the university community a
chance to play." says Kevin Black. captain
of Sylvia Does Albany, league 3. Leagues
2a and 2b are the fast pitch divisions and
are the most competive divisions. League 3
is the arc pitching division, while leagues 4a
and 4b are the co-cd divisions and league 5
is the women's division.

"Since in league 2a there are really eight
good teams, l have decided to schedule
everybody seven games instead of live this

 

year, iiii: in turn allows the eight teams in
2a to play each other once," stated Bruaco.
"There hasn't been any rain so far. and no
problems, so everything is going great."
League Preview
League 2a—the favorite is The Buzz-
Brothers. They should be challenged the
The Oats, The Willys and The Studly Boys.
League Zia—the favorites are Easy’s Bar &
Grill. The Misﬁts, Black Knights and Baby
Bubba Brothers should give Easy a run.
League 3—the favorite is Hurley‘s All-
stars.
League 4I—Easy's Bar & Grill are the
favorites with the Fighting Cocks giving
them the most competition.
League 4b—Fubar is the favorite, with

 Pluto‘s Retreat a surprise so far.

League S—the Meioritcs look good.

Eve Hoerner runs the Women's In~
tramural and Recreational Association.
“We couldn't do anything without them.
They take care of th co-ed games as well as
he women's sports. They are quickly com-
ing into their own and l'm glad to see that.
They ltave good plans ahead," Brusco add-
ed.

Even though AMIA is SA furtdcd, they
have sponsors. Miller, Budweiser and Skoal
sponsor tournaments such as the challenge
cup in floor hockey and ACUi National

 

 

Frisbee team. reaches Ultimate

 

By Adam Kaye

The Albany State Ultimate Frisbee Team
went on their first road trip of the season
this past weekend, travelling to the Univer-
sity of Massachusetts at Amherst. The tour-
numeiit, dubbed the Ultimate Affair, is the
largest of its kind, drawing 60 men's teams
and 16 women’s teams from all over the
east and as far away as Michigan.

The Albany team, better known as The
Flock, arrived Saturday morning a bit short
haiided.with only it players, and five
games to play on the ﬁrst day alone. it was
decided that the games would be scored up
to 13, with a half time at seven.

The first game of the day matched
Albany against the University of Connec-
ticut. Because of a late start, the game was
cut short, with Albany pulling off a 6-5 vie-
tory. The second game pitted Albany
against the Knights of Nee, a nationally-
ranked team and ex-regional champion.
Albany pulled ahead “43 and was moments
away from what would have been a stunn-
ing upset. However, the Knights clamped
down their tight zone defense and their ex~
pcrience prevailed with a final score of
iii-ll.

The Stoogies (alias the HOstages), were
next in line for Albany. This was to be
Albany's hardest game, putting them face
to face with the many time regional cham-
Plons, a team which consisiantly has been
ranked among the tap ten teams nationally.
Despite mastering all the experience and
energy they had, the Flock went down,
13~3. '

The following game was to be against
Deleware, however because that team did
not show up, the game was forfitted. The
final game of the day proved to be the

 

"' ‘sxﬁae?
Oct. 15

1360 Pronto

Nachos n’ Cheese

I
WITH THIS COUPON :
I

REGULAR
PRICE'

$1.25

OPEN DAILY-10:30 AM—11.00 PM—‘138-5946-DRIVE
THRU WiNDOW—iNDOOR DiNING-AMPLE PARKING
1246 WESTERN AVE. ALBANY (ACROSS FROM SUNVA)
— — — - — .-

closcst and, most sensational, for Albany.
Facing a team they had never played
before, Bryant, Albany decided to use both
a rnan-to-nian defense as well as a zone,
depending on the wind conditions! After
pulling up from behind, Bryant pulled
ahead several times. In order to win the
game a team has to win by two points, with
a 15 point-ceiling. Bryant was ahead l4-l3
when Albany, realizing they were facing
elimination from the tournament, got to
work. With several stunning defensive
plays, and a deliberate offense, Albany
pulled ahead to win 15-14. Albany had
reached the second day of the tournament
for the first time, with a 3-2 record.

The first game of the second day placed
Albany against the University of Michigan,
a regional champion. Despite several im-
pressive early offensive rallies, the Flock
lost iii-5. However Albany did not wait! to
go home yet. and in order for them to re-
main in the tournament they would have to
defeat their next opponent, from Weslyan
University, the Nietzsche Factor. At half

time Albany was trailing 7-3. They then _

came alive and tied up the game with four
straight points. The game lead shifted back
and forth untiLthc Nietzsche Factor pulled
off a l3-l0 victory.

The tournament was over for the Albany
team. but despite their elimination, they
had played some of their best games to
date. Albany's next tournament is the Sec-
tionals, which takes place Oct. 23-24 and
will place Albany against other upstate New
York teams. With gailtcd expericiicc, and
tire addition of several key players who were
unable to attend this past weekend. Albany
has an excellent chance of doing well in the
sectionals, in which they grabbed .the
number four position last fall. 1']

CUSTOMFH

Around the Rim
A square peg

Tournaments in trawling, ping-pong and
D

billiards.

 

By Biff Fischer

 

it is one of the illogical premises of has

games. Another example of this short-sigh

it back a few years.

ing botlt have expressed a desire to have his
Malone's. in addition. the Sixers'financial

the Sixers already are that.

be Mr. Katz.

0 O

in the coating weeks we will take a look at

begins on October i5, and once we sort out
dicap the 1982—83 race, which should prove

 

lesser amount of talent than they would with a greater amount. We touched on this
briefly last year in our discussion of chemistry, an element which is vastly more impor-
tant than the level of talent a learn possesses. We see teams like the Cavaliers who sign
every halfway decent free agent in sight, and have all they want to win one-third of their

when Philadelphia signed free—agent center Moses Malone.

The Philadelphia 76ers of the late l970's were consistently among the best teams in
the NBA, but their inability to win a championship has alienated most of the fans, and
attendance at the Spectrum has been on a downward slope of late. New owner Harold
Katz has tried to bring that elusive championship to Philadelphia by adding Malone to
in already talent-laden squad, but instead of accelerating that process, he may have set'

Malone is pulling in a salary of over two million dollars a year, a fact that already has
caused dissension among the other Sixers. Point guard Maurice Checks and Julius Erv-

putting out the 13 million to Malone, especially since his presence is not an attendance-
adding factor, at least it wasn't in Houston until the Rockets became contenders, and

The Sixers will never regain their previous stature in the City of Brotherly Love until
they can capture a championship. Cari Malone help them do this? Sure, he helped an
otherwise sub-par Rocket team irtto the finals two years ago, but that team was totally
geared to ltis talents as a strong reboundcr at bOIh ends of the court. it was a slow team,
a team that cut the contest down to a half court game to maximize Malone's strengths.
The Sixers, conversely, have enjoyed their success, arid have built their team around the
concept of fast break basketball, maximizing the strengths of Erving, Checks and
streak-shooting Andrew Toney. Blending in titesc two styles of play to form a cohesive
unit will undoubtedly be the greatest challenge of Billy Cunningham's coaching career.
if Billy C fails. it will probably mark the end of his Sixcr coaching tenure. There is a
tendency to blame the man who failed in an impossible situation rather than put the
blame where it belongs: on the person who created the impossible situation. That would

ittigltt expect to see from this year‘s college cltamp. Pre-seasori practice for college hoop

kctball that a team can be better off with it

led thinking came into evidence this summer

contract upgraded to a level comparable to
condition cannot have been helped any by

e

the upcoming NBA season and at what you

the recruiting results, we can begin to ban-

 

to be very interesting. [3

 

BEGINNER OFI ADVANCEQ - Cost Is about the some as a semester in a

U 5 college $3.189 Price includes lat round Illpio Sol/Illa no," an

l York. room, board, andluition complete Governmenlgranls lﬂdlDtlIll also
I avltlahlu tor eligible Stud-ms

iwu wllh ii Splurshilmlly,a|iom1 classes tour home a any. lour any; a
week. tom monitrs Earn is his or crsdtl (equivalent in 4 Seinurrlurs
taught in U S collage: over I two year time span) Voui Spanish
:Iixiier will be enhanced by opportunities not available in l US Class-

room Standardized tests show our stud-"Ir language skills superior
to students completing two your programs in U 5 Advanced courses

Hurry. ll takes it lot at time to make all arrangements
SPRING SEMESTER ——r fat) I - June I [FALL SEMESYER -— Sept ID-
Dar: 2'.- uucllyunr

FULLY ACCREDITED ‘ A program ol Trinity Christian Cottage.

SEMESTER IN SPAIN

For lull lnlormatlon—write to;

2442 E. Collier S.E., Grand Rapids, Michigan 49506
(A Program of Trinity Christian College)

  

. t..- a a  w. ‘4 ﬁ'Jmu'hilAv tram Ant-.3": 322'. .l’n‘ht in“. ."r"...l“.-..‘J.1.'-'. Ltd-ms it‘s; b‘a‘tl...‘t.;.',,,.,,,f1

  
    

 

 

 

 

