 

 

X‘s:-

 

-.v

 

 

Quality Eye Care Contact
Lens Specials!

t oupotl is'rrt't'luls (mod Illrti lit-l‘l-ill - - - - 

  

Bausch&Lomb Soitlens...$69.00 pr.
Amsof-Amsofthin ...... ..$59.00 pr.
Poiycon-gas

I

I

I

l
permeable |enses..$119.00 p I
All Contact Lens Packages include I
I

I

I

I

I

I

Complete Eye Exam
Chemical Care Kit
Follow-up Flttlnos
Adluetments
Wearing Instructions
Six month unlimited office vistts
Must be purchased as a complete package plan
--_--_- ---—-----------

Take ood care of our ees at

QantacLLensﬂnn

ASP IO-IZ

r-----_--.

c." For . Na-osil..lion App‘l
1102 rvovechov. nu. Lulu-
nt. 1 PI... s"... om" am. 1054i”

 

     
    
  

Fri: 4-6pm imported Bottled Beer-.90
Bar Liquor Drinks-.70

Sat&Sun: 3-6pm Draft Beer-.30
Pitchers Draft-1.90
Bar Schnapps-.70

Sat&Sun till 7pm
Buy 8 mixed drinks. receive
a free T-shirt.

53 No Ave. Albany. N.Y. 12206
(Camel of Washington Ave.)

 

 

He has the power
to make you live his nightmares...
And he’s dreaming about you.

the sender

Your dreams will never be the same.

 

PtillMillilelltlltS PilfSiNlSAli lnwnlls lllilM/lll manor -ilii snarl
KAliill'fN lwmn . Silliiil Kitil‘ilii A Flirt lrlrrwll ANil lllllrrilrllri lilJKil WANlK
tags" it lnﬂmumwctll lllillW/lll wit: -P%ll’rﬂlll lillliltllil ClilltlllAN

lliilll
mes-e

      

      

 

   

 

ll . , ..... . ll“le '-
_" Exclusive
1.2_,.,.4.5, Engagement
CI 0 m i H CALL THEATRE for
.3.‘ 'i g | 'l iitliirnwu mitt - comm! SHOWTIMES

 

- PRESS D OCTOBER 22, I982
14 Sports" ALBANY STUDENT

Porter MVP as Cards win Series

 

By John Nelson
ASSOC/A TED PRESS

SI. Louis

Tlle St. Louis Cardinals arc champions. and that's
one of the things that can be said about baseball's 79th
World Series.

its facets. like those of a diamond. were many. and
there were flaws.

On a cold. windy night in Busch Stadium. the Car-
dinals defeated tlic Milwaukee BreWers 6-3 in Game 7
ol‘ the World Series. Among the hcrocs were Keith
Hernandez. George Hendrick. Darrell Porter. Joaquin
Andujar and Bruce Suttcr. it can be said of each: He
rose to the occasion when it mattered most.

Of the 75 World Series scheduled to be played to a
best-of-7 games. 28 have gone the distance. The last
was in I979. when Pittsburgh beat Baltimore after
trailing 3~l. Willie Slargcll was the Most Valuable
Player that year; this year it was Porter.

Porter. who continues it lifelong battle with
alcoholism. was no ntore deserving of the award than
Stiller of I'lcrtttlllticl. of Andtljar. He batted only .286.
although he drove irl five runs. If he was the most
valuable till his team during the Series, it probably was
for more esoteric reasons.

“He hit rock bottom and then be turned ltls whole
life around." said l‘lerrtttndez. who broke out of an
Odor-IS slump to drive in a Series-leading eigitt runs.
“l have nothing but respect for the man."

Porter's courage was not the only tllilig that
characterized this Series.

Stripped of its shining moments and its heroes. the
Series also will be remembered as one of the more slop-
plly played.

The Brewers committed ll errors. five by normally
sure-handed second baseman .lim Bantncr. who com-
mitted only l2 errors during all of the regular season.
Twelve of the 36 runs scored by St. Louis were unearn-
ed.

St. Louis shared the guilt. The Cardinals committed
seven errors. two by Hernandez. a Gold Glove ﬁrst
baseman. and one apiece by three different pitchers.
including Andujar in Game 7. Eight of Milwaukee's 26
runs were unearned.

it also was a World Series of odd plays.

St. Louis winning rally in Game 2. which the Rar-
dinals won 5-4. ended when Steve Braun. on first with

4a walk. was hit in the basepath by a ball off the hat of
Ozzie Smith. That play is rarely seen during the
season. let alone in a Series.

In Game 3. a 6-2 St. Louis victory, Hendrick was
awarded first base after apparently ﬂying out to Ben
Oglivie in left field in the ninth inningHome plate um-
pire John Kiblcr of the National League. however. sent
Hendrick to ﬁrst on cateher's interference. That call

Series history.

in the second inning of Game 4. a 7-5 Milwaukee
victory, Cardinals second baseman Tommy Herr hit it
sacrifice fly to deep. straightaway center field. scoring
Willie McGee from third and Ozzie Smith from sc-
cond. That was a World Series first.

Lonnie Smith attempted to steal home in the third
inning of Game 6. which was delayed 2 1/2 hours by
rain before St. Louis finally emerged with a l3-l vic-
tory. it looked on television like Smith was safe. too.
hilt honieplate umpire .iiin Evans of the American
League called him out.

Also ili Game 6. Milwaukee reliever Doc Mcdicll
was the first pitcher ill Series history to throw two wild
pitches in an inning. Rookie John Sttiper of St. Louis
had thrown two wild pitches iii Game 2. and when he
added a third in Game 6. that also became a Series
record.

it also was a Series that will be remembered for two
blowotlls. Milwaukee had l7 hits. including a ironic
rtln by Simmons. arid Mike (‘aldwell pitched a three
bitter to win Garlic 1 in St. Louis iii-0. The Cardinals
had l2 bils.iricludiltg homers by i’ortcr and Her
nitride]. and Stttper pitched a four-hitter to even the
Series at three games apiece ili Gallic (r with it l3-l vic»
tory.

in Game 7. it boiled down to Andtljar versus l’clc
Vuckovicb of the Brewers. Alidujar had been ltlirt irt
Game 3 when a one-hopper by Simmons with one otil
in the seventh inning hit him just below the right knee.
Andtijar left the game. having given tip only three lifts.
and there was doubt he could return for Game 6.

After Game 7. Andujar said his knee bothered hint
“from the very first inning, but i made up my mind
nothing was going to stop me or beat me tonight. i told
my teammates that tonight. nothing was going to beat
me."

Andujar and Gantncr got into a brief fracas in the
seventh inning. Gantcr bit a grounder back to the
mound. and Andujar threw him out at first for the
third out of the inning. The two exchanged words.
then Andujar charged Gantncr. Plate umpire Lee
Weycr grabbed Andujar. and several players rushed
onto the field. Order was restored quickly.

“He called me a hot dog..." Andujar said of Gant-
ncr. “i think he did this just because i was playing so
hard. He‘s a smart player, and I think he was just try-
ing to make me mad because he knows when i get mad
1 get wild. He knew that could get me out of the
game."

Whether that was Ganter's intention or not. it didn't
matter. _ _

Suttcr came in to pitch the ﬁnal two innings. retiring
six in a row and striking out two. including Gorman
Thomas to end the game. That gave Stitter two saves

 

 

had been made only four times previous in World andavictoryinthe Series. Li
— 1 ‘-
hg‘.‘ ﬂ‘d

‘J a" J
'5 “ J

 

 

The fall softball Intramural season has come
down to the final week of play. Regular season
games ended yesterday and the opening rounds
of the AMlA playoffs begin today. The competi-
tion has been very fierce with many ol the pre-

 

DAVE RIVERA UPS

season favorites still In the drive to win those
coveted AMIA shirts.

No attempt is being made by the ASP to pick
possible winners. but we do offer good luck to all
those teams felt in the running. Play balli

 

 

     
 

 

 

E
:

 

j I‘i‘r‘l I“. 't'Ai‘l't'rWr‘a n ,lp'tqt! l‘ti‘l Hr.» v'; t.

r
r

 

Boaters

By Marc Schwnrz
r'rlrrmm I. ass‘rs mm

The Albany State men‘s soccer team
faces a challenge for the rest of the season.
Coach Bill Schieffelin has never suffered a
losing season in his l2 years at Albany
Following a 2-! loss to Onconta on
Wednesday. Albany's record stands at
3-5-3 willi three games remaining on the
schedule.

“I think we will win the next three
games." said Scliieffeliil. “The guys have
played very good soccer the last tllrce
games. There is an element of luck in wirin-
ing and we're just iiol getting arty breaks."

Albany. traveling to Orieoltta wilbolil
three starters. Dorian Fanfare. Michael
Finkelnian. arid Bob Garrett. allowed the
Dragons to jump out to a quick 2-0 lead on
two headers by Tony Alortgc at l4:lii arid
28:05. “We made a cotlplc of mistakes ill
marking and they capitalized and scored
two goals on us." said Selliel'feliri.

Oil the first goal. All-(.‘onfcrerlcc player
Paxson Rose ctlt across the goal. exchang-
ing positions with Alonge. causing the

 

Danes to make a switching mistake and

leaving Alonge open for a header and a 1-0
advantage.

Following a penetrating shot by the Dane
offense. the Dragons charged back down
field and scored their second and final goal
of the day. “Tile defense didn't recover
and they had two gtiys open at the far
post.“ said Scltleffelin. “After lhlit. we
settled down and took it to them.“

The Danes cut the deficit in half on a goal
by John Iss'elhard frotn Jerry lsaacs at
43:l0. Despite constant pressure. the
Danes were. unable to even the score as
()ricoritlt goalie. Al Sutton. riiade four saves
on 12 shots. Albany goalie Toiit Merritt
stopped five of Oneonta‘s I3 shots.

Once again the Dane offense was led by
the Jerry anti Terry show. .lcrry lsttilcs and
Terry Bacchus lltl\'L' been the offensive
sparks for Albany. creating many scoring
opportunities and goals. The duo created
three excellent cllarlcc in Wednesday's
game: Bacchus fed lsttacs. who had a shot
jusl go over tllc goal; lsatlcs returned the
favor. btlt Bacchus was denied it goal when
his shot ltit the post. Ltlicr. the two turned
their attentions to lsselhard. wlto missed

 

scoring his second goal of the game when
his shot barely sailed over the top of the
net.

"if there is any consolation in losing. it's
if the team plays well. You learn from your
mistakes. and if we can play like we have
been playing recently the learning is wor-
thwhile." said Scliieffelin. “We came back
from being down 2-0. This team has a lot
of pride. They are disappointed over the

.way the season has been going btit they are

not dowlt or discouraged. These guys all
corite from winning learns and they don't
like to lose."

Scllieffcliri was very pleased with the per-
formance of Paul Asplrlrid. Tllc senior
stepped ill for Garrett iii the stopper posi-
tioil and shut down Rose. "Paul did
something risked of hint that he wasn't ex-
pccting." he sttid. “Arid iic did it very

face first losing season in 12 years .r

'  " "'o’crerR 22. I982 Cl ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS spoml15-

l .

goal scoring. he has some good set up: for
the offense. Scott Cohen is doing a super
job at left fullback and Michael Miller is a
strong foundation for the defense. ltsays a
lot when you come to expect a solid perfor-
mance every game and you get it too,."add-
ed Schleffeiln. '
Despite Albany’s 1-2 record over the last
three games. they look like a new team on
the field. They lost the heartbreaker to
highly ranked Binghamton on Homecom-
ing Dlly and just came up short against
()neoiita. "I wish we could start the season
now." said Scllicffelin. "They are playing
the way i want them to. Tllcre are no stars
on the team. Sure some guys are playng
better than some of the others. but they are
playing team soccer. This is a younglteani
and they seem to be finally coming
around." ‘

 

l
f

 

WILL VURMAN UPS

The Danes must win their last three games to finish over .500.

Frustrating fall season ends as
women netters lose to Amherst

After the women’s 1982 fall tennis season
finally reached a conclusion with a loss on
Tuesday to visiting Amherst. an assessment
of the team's play dtrriiig the year was of-
fered by Danes coach .lirlt Scrbtllik.

“We didn't play as well as i would have
liked." Scrbalik admitted. “and ill that
respect it was a frustrating year. But playing
against totlgli cornpctitioli like we did gavc
the girls the opportunity to test their garlic
and improve it."

Members of the team seemed to echo Ser~
balik‘s sentiments. “This season was a real-
ly good experience." said freshman Bar-
bara Gilbert. Albany‘s lone victor against

 

 

THE
ASP

GOES
DOWNTOWN

every Friday. Pick it up in a
neighborhood business or
tavern.

 

 

 

Amherst. “Wc'rc a young learn willi three
freshman itlid a lot of sophomores and coil-
Siticl’lllg that we played well."

Although the lcrrll "rebuilding year” is
often overused iii the cliche ridden world
of sports. it certainly applies to tile fall
season. Without the benefit of many
seasoned veterans. who opted to sit otlt tlic
season for various reasons. Scrbalik was
forch to itislcttd go with younger players
more than ltc probably would have liked.

“Winning is habitual and it's a habit that
this year we didn't establish." observed
Joan Phillips. tllc tcalll captain. “llopcftlL
ly that habit will be re-esttlblisbed ilcxl spr»
iltg.

mi) WESTERN AVE, ALBANY. N.Y.
104 more STREET. 1qu, N.Y.

Burger Festival

Thurs. Oct. 21 - Sun. Oct. 31.
Buy one steerburger, get the
second one at half

price.

 

well."
"Matt McShcrry just keeps getting better
every garlic. Wllile he is not instrumental irt

Albany travels to Vassar on Saturday try-
irtg to keep their coach's I2 year streak
alive. ‘ i l

 

 

 

Around the rim

A million dollar Bill

lly Biff Fischer
‘Irl’l iIRIIlN

 

 

 

 

llolv would you like to earn over it million dollars a year. with your only ohligtiflon

being to play ili one basketball garlic at Week? Well. if you hard curly red llliir. crippling

V pain ilt your knees. and cottld roll a basketball lL'tlIll to perfection. then you could earn
that much. of course. you'd also have to rllovc to Sim Diego'alld change your name to
Bill Wallorl. . -'

Its been a long lirlte since Bill Walton was it full-lime NBA starter. injuries to his
kliccs and fch forced hint to the sidelines. making him about as useful to the San Diego
Clippers as Larry “Bird” Mclmart is to the NASA Program. Needless to say.‘tllc
Clippers were not too excited about shelling otil the big bucks to it full time law student.
especially since the expense was causing problems for San Diego iii signing the year‘s
No. l pick. Terry Cummings. So. a comprorttisc was struck. arid thlfori agreed to play
one borne garlic a week lrlltil his feel would allow more.

It is no picnic for Waltorl to pllty basketball. liverydlry. whether for it practice or a
garlic. Walton rillrs'l care for his knees an hour before and art ltour afterngﬁdllllcﬁpain
.liliwtl “ iipaniﬁs the potrridirtg of all NBA game is quite gruesome irttlﬁﬂwwtall
redhead cletr'rlylovcs to play the garlic. so you call imagine the intensity " gin”
would force hint to give it up.  _ . '3 ~.

but. pain or no pain. he is still it problem for the Clippers. Notv that he has agreed to.
play one garlic it week. which glirltc does he play'.’ Docs ltc go up against the Cavaliers or'
Pacers. learns that San Diego could treat without liirii. or does he go for tile big gate at-
traction arid play against Kareem. Moses Malone and Arlis Gilmore. The decision is
totally tltc Clippers'. arid wise use of this power cotlld very well save the franchise. poor
lliallagcrticlil could kill if.

in any case. it is sad to see such an exquisite player he llttlllpcred by injury. Joe
Namath. Bohbv ()r'r. Mark Fidrycli — they all had great careers which were irtipcded by

lrijtlry. it would be nice if Walton could rettlrli to his previous form-who knows. if he
does. llittybc Blld Mellliaii can walk on the rllnoli.

Next l’ritltly. lltc NBA opens tip another season with it slate of IO games scheduled.
orlcc again. there is it small clique of learns that scents to be head and shoulders above
the rest. There is also a group of teams whose prospects are so low they batik their jump
shots off the curb. Here‘s the way we are llartdicappillg the l9tiZ-83 NBA rtlcc.

The morning line favorites to repeat as cliarllpions are the Los‘ Aligclcs Lakers. Led
by Ktll'CL‘ltt Abdul-Jabbar and Ervill Johnson. lltc Lakcrs were almost a perfect team ili
last season's playoffs. The addition of James Worthy makes Pat Riley's club even
stranger on paper. btit it may lturt tltcrti cltciliistry-wisc if Worthy starts ahead of Ktlrt
Rarllltis. .

if the Philadelphia 76ers don‘t will a cllariiioiiship this year. they may very well be run
otlt of towrt. Willi the addition of the wealthy Moses Malone. the 76ers scent to have all
endless reservoir of talent. The bitch. though. is they don't know flow to win. l7]

 

 
     

 

 

 

 

ARE YOUR CAREER GOALS i
COMPATIBLE WITH
YOUR PERSONALITY

' Learn the career fields that best suit your personality

‘ Direct your academic efforts efficiently

' Prepare for the career offering greatest SSE-gratification

l ' Avoid time-wasting attempts to become what you are not

' Learn the pﬂgrlailty traits to work on to achieve your goals

By comparing your personality profile Wltil the personality profiles of
thousands of successful men and women in a variety of career fields,
PERSONAMETRlX can determine the extent to which your personality is
suited for a specific career.

Simply complete our 60-minute self-administered personality inventory in
the privacy of your home and return it to us. We will assess your pcrsonal
data professionally and return a comprehensrve report describing your
persor l.lirty profile and the extent to which your profile resembles the pro—
flies rl' those who have achieved success in career fields that interest you, A

Sen ‘ l. name. address and $25.00 [check or money order] to:

PERSONAMETRIX
9| 7| Wiishlre Blvd, Suite 300, Beverly Hills, CA 90210

 

 

 

r ‘.".V V.tt.\_

    

'.

 

 

