 

 

 

 

Did ain‘t She Christening

WAIEAW. Poland (AP) Martial law authorities refused

.to let detained uni-on leader Lech \Valcsa attend the

dtﬁstening of a daughter he has never seen. and later de-
nounced him on national tele‘ision as a scheming politi~
out.

Sis-thousand people invited by \\'alesa's wife Danuta
attended the widely awaited baptism of their seventh
child Sunday in the northern port of Gdansk. witnesses
told The Asoeiated Press by telephone.

It was one of the largest gatherings since the govem-
meat danced martial law Dec. l3 after 16 months of
labor unrest and political challenges to Communist
authority by Walesa's now-suspended Solidarity union. A
ban on asserublics does not apply to church ceremonies in
this predonﬁnantly Roman Catholic nation.

we (Judaism 10,000

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The Regan administration
charged Mmday that Soviet-supplied chemical weapons
In“: killed more than 10.000 people in Afghanistan.
Laos and Cambodia and appaled to other nations to
join in mdemning such practices.

A State Department ofﬁcial. Gary Crocker. said there
are also reports of an unknown and unseen “mystery
agent" used on anti—Soviet freedom ﬁghters in
Afghanistan. He said it kills so swiftly it freezes victims
in position when it strikes.

The dath toll from so-called “yellow rain" and other
chemiml wapons was 6.310 in Laos. 98] in Cambodia
and 3.042 in Afghanistan. the department said in a
Jl»pa.ge report that summarizes the U.S. government's
evidence.

Most of the charges have been aired before. but the
administration said it was issuing the report to ease
doubts that it lacked sufﬁcient evidence for the charges.
It said the information was based on eyewitness accounts
from defectors and \iCtims and physical smaples taken
from areas where chemical attacks had occurred.

Baby Woes Orr Dug

NEW YORK. New York (AP) Police say it was “a
miracle" that a baby girl wasn‘t killed when a speeding
w hit her stroller and dragged it blocks through the
streets of Manhattan while witnesses gave chase. When
the stroller ﬁnally spun from underneath the car. little
10celyn Filley was still in her carriage. sitting upright in
the middle of Madison Avenue.

“It's certainly a miracle that the child's alive." her
father. Patrick 0. Fillcy. said Sunday. “We‘re going to
have a happy ending."

Doctors said the lS-month-old girl was expected to
recover from head injuries. She was listed in critical but
stable condition at Mt. Sinai Hospital.

Attica Guard Arrested

BUFFALO. New York (AP) An Attica prison guard was
being held Monday at the Erie County Holding Center
on charges of kidnapping a woman friend at gunpoint.

Matthew P. Michaels. 25. of Buffalo. is accused of ab‘
ducting Judith Voltmann. 2-1, of suburban Lancaster as
she stepped from anorher woman's car to report for

work Sunday at the West Seneca Doelopmcntal Center. ‘

police said. Four hours later. police said. ofﬁcers arrested
Michaels as he was ating dinner with Ms. Voltmann at a
restaurant.

Polio: said they found twp loadod revolvers on him
and later discovered two shotguns at his home.

Charged with kidnapping and reckless endangerment.
he was arraigned and then taken to jail in lieu of $25.01)
ball.

Three Mile lslandLeaks

MIDDLETOWN. Pennsylvania (AP) Radioactive water

was found to be leaking Monday from the coolant system

of the damaged nuclear reactor at Three Mile Island.
prompting officials to dt:la!: a low~lcvd alert.

TMI spokesman Phil Fine said the “unusual Otnl"
alert. the lowest on a four-step ernersencyscale. was call-
ed at 10:25 am. EST because of the leak in the butt 2
reactor in excess of one gallon per minute.

“We don‘t know at this point the source of the
leak. . .or how serious it is." ﬁne said.

He said the plant operator. GPU Nuclear. is required
to deduean unusual event anytime a leak exceeds one
gallon minute.

Yestfrfiay's incidatt occurred just as U.S. Rep. Allen
Extelmabout tobeginanewsoonferenceat theplant
wdimrevisedledtlnimhcisplanningtoimroduce

wantdctpsui  is. .

  
 

to help pay for the $1 billion Thu cleanup. . , . .
It was the third time this year that an unusual event
has been declared at TM]. " '

Riotern’es in Tel'Aviv

TEL AVIV. Israel (AP) Soldiers opened ﬁre on anti-
lsraeli demonstrators at a Palestinian refugee camp Mon-

day, killirg one domonstrator and wounding two orhcrs.

the Israeli military command said.

It was the second death in four days of riots.

r\ spokesman said the soldiers opened ﬁre in self-
dcfense when the Palestinian rioters at the Dir Amar
catn'p near Ramallah. 10 miles north of Jerusalem. failed
to retreat after tear gas and warning shots were ﬁred. He
said troops shat at the demonstrators' legs.

Palestinians have been demonstrating and calling
strikes in the occupied West Bank of the Jordan River
and Gaza Strip sinoe Israel ﬁred a Palestinian mayor.
Since the protests began Friday, two Arabs have been
killed and about a dozen wounded by Israeli gunﬁre
while three Israeli soldiers were injured by dcmonstrators‘
rocks.

Meanwhile. Prime Minister Mcnachem Begin mohilircd
his thin parliamentary majority to ﬁght thrcc no-
conﬁdcnce motions to be ﬁled today in the Israeli Parlia-
ment by opposition parties critical of his handling of the
disturbances. Egypt and the United States have expressed
concern 0\cr the situation. fearing it may jeopardize
Palestinian autonomy talks.

17w Columbia Lifts Off

CAPE CANAVERAL. Florida (AP) Columbia shruggcd
off a prc-daw'n fueling hitch and roared into orbit yester-
day morning on its third. busiest and longest test flight.
Two astronauts made the awesome ascent and began a
week-long trip that will double the shuttle's time in
space.

“The ﬁrst part of the ﬂight was a real barnburncr."
commander Jack R. Lousma told Mission Control.

The stubmingcd Columbia was soaring l50 miles
above the Earth with Lousma and pilot C. Gordon
Fullerton in control.

During seven days. 3 million miles and nearly “6 cir-
cuits of the globe. they were to subject Columbia to the
high heat and dccp chill of space. lift payloads for the
ﬁrst time with its 50-foot mechanical arm and cvaluztlc its
capacity as an orbiting laboratory.

A problem with one of the ship‘s thrcc Auxiliary
Power Units‘w'as reported by ground monitors. but the
astronauts were told to make “a precautionary" shut-
down and Columbia was sent further into space. The
ship can fly and return with just one of the hydraulic
irnits working.

Gm; Donated to Citizens

KENNESAW. Georgia (AP) Handgun groups from
around the country are offering to donate weapons to
Kenncsaw residents because of the city's new ordinanace
requiring citizens to own a gun. Police Chief Robert Ru-
blc said Monday.

Ruble said groups are offering to donate guns to peo-
ple who can‘t afford them. but the weapons will be dolcd
out only after citizens of the north Georgia town rccehc
safety training.

Last week. the city council passed an ordinance requir-
ing each household to arm itself with a gun and amuni-
tion. The ordinance was passed as a symbolic gesture in
response to a law banning handguns in Morton Grove.
Ill.. city ofﬁcials said.

The ordinance will not be enforced and failure to com-
ply carries no penalty.

0 O I I
byhtmng Odprrt tn Deaths
“'0!”an LAKE. Illinois (AP) Lightning has not been
ruled out as the cause of the crash of an Air National
Guard jet tanker that killed all 27 aboard. an Air Force
spokeswoman says.

Sgt. lcrr) Biclkv‘. the spokeswoman. said the tanker
apparently evplodcd during a thunderstorm at H.000 feet
before plunging to earth Friday night Stl miles northwest
of Chicago.

"The only thing we know is there was lightning.“ the
sergeant said. “Of course. we‘re all conjecturing."

An ith .—\tr Force investigative team will spend two to
three {s'c’fss at the muddy. rural site. and will "go mcr
Ciel)’ll’llng “till a ﬁne-tooth comb." she said. .

Searchers on Sunday found and identiﬁed the lust
body. that of Tub. Sgt. Kenneth J. larcckt. 3‘. m
(nuago. Hc'wa~ one of 23 passengers and {our crew
members on the lliln01> Au National Guard KC-IBS.

 

 

 

Correction

In "WCDB Elcns New GM" tn the Friday. March l9
ASP it was reported that Rick Francolini won the
general manager election by a vote of nine to sit. In fact.
he won by a margin of ll to four. The ASP regrets the
error. 5 " '

    

Campus BRiEfs

 

 

O
Drmlc-a-Tﬂon
Telethon '82 starts your weekend off With a smash.
On March 25, it's Afternoon at the Bars. For only $3,
you can drink as much as you want at The Lampnsr,
WT's and The Longbranch between 3 and 6 pm.
Tickets are being sold in the Campus Center Lobby.
Half the proceeds go to the tclcthon.
The next evening. Tclcthon'82 prcscnts Friday N|gh|
Live at 8:15 pm in LC 25. Tickets are SI and wille sold
at the door.
If you'd like to work the night of Tclclhonlhcn come
to the operations meeting tonight. at 7:30 pm in Lt‘ 2.:
I I I O I I U

Posrtromng Polrtlcranmg
Are you a-politically minded individual who wants Ill
be an active participant in student government in Order
to bcttcr SUNYA'S studcnl environment?
Student Association is accepting nominations for new
year‘s clcclcd positions.
If you wish to run for SA President. \’itc~l’rcsidcnt.
(.‘cnlrul ('ouncil. University Scnalc. Alumni Board. or
an) ('Iass Olliccrs, you must pick up and drop oll your
nomination next week. Nominations will be accepted
only between Monday March 29‘l5ritlay April 2.

Mwlear Knowledge

“Which of the following countries, if any. has ever
detonated a nuclear bomb against a civilian
population?"

An informal survey of 228 College of Saint R0»:
students found only 55 percent knew the right answer.

Ignorance of nuclear arms history has prompted the
Collegc of Saint Rose to sponsor "A Day of Education
on the Nuclear Arms Racc." on March 24 at St
Joseph's Hall. 9X5 Madison Ate. Albany.

Day's events include continuous showings from .i am
to 2:30 pm of “Hiroshima: A Document of the Atom.
Bombing." a 30-minute Japanese produced ﬁlm that
was classiﬁed secret until I966. From .1 105 pm there will
be a Speaker's Forum.

1 he cvcnl is free and open to the public. -

Schlesinger in School

Two~timc I’ulillcr Prize-winner Arthur Schlesinger
Jr.. onc of the world‘s leading scholars on Franklin
Delano Rommcll. will lecture on “FDR: His thjacy In
the 80‘s" on Wednesday. March 14 at 8 pm in the (‘am‘
pus (‘cnlcr Ballroom.

TAP and BEOG for Money

It you want fro: money. you'xc got to act qui;kl}

lhc ﬁling deadline for the two major cntitlcmcn: pru-
gmms — TAP .tnd BFOG (nou called PEll gram) 1~
Match 3|.

1 AP .tnd Ill ()0 applications are ;-.\.ulablc m the U3
free of financial Aid. -\I) IS: Studcntx must al~o .‘un'w
New Basic Grant Student Eligibility Reports (SlRu f“-

tlic end of the school year to lll‘lllt‘ .matd {fillfle‘jﬂdu

Best Picture

Picture Perfect? then enter the Jth
Photography chmrt.tl. sponsored by (cuter U.

The contest is open to photographers residing in .I
one hundred miles of Albany. Entry blank~ .11: nm‘
utzulablc .u man) camera Sli‘lL“ tn the Albany .llt‘n .H‘ul
can also be obluincd by calling Ccnzcr tinllc‘m .li
.1624‘75.

The submission deadline is March 2‘.

Week of Celebration

Black Woman‘s Week. .t Ct‘lt‘l‘ldllt‘ll of the mud”
dimensions of black \mmnnltood began ycxtcztln}.
featuring .1 number of enjoyable events.

lonigltt. .t spirtunl curmngnum. Godwin." mil be
presented in the PAC Recital Hall.

On Wednesday night .lfmd Quasi will proxitlc m.-
entertainment in the Rat. On Thursday lltt‘ts‘ mll N J
literary presentation by Paulo Marshall. author \‘I
Brown Girl. Bron-"slows lit the PAC Red I oungc .u J
pm.

The third annual Black Women's \\'c\‘k lilt‘dklthl .u “l
am struts off Friday morning and Talent Nitc starts .u ‘4
pm. followed by a semi-formal dance.

The festivities cultttinntc with the traditional Sadlt'
Hawkins party in the Colonial Quad U~Loultgc on
Saturday. Half price admission for those Milli"? J
Black Women‘s Week T-shlrt.

-\nu.;,t;

 

 

 

V “W'T‘W NR“ 'a. .. .k-m m. . . . . , .

 

 

 

 

Graduates Ewe Bleak Employment Hospeots'  

 

ALBANY STUDENT‘PHESS, MARCH  1982 ‘

Forecasts Were Overly Bright

(CI‘S)~Forccasts of the job pro-
spects for this term's graduates are
turning out to have been “ex-
cessively optimistic." placement of-
ficers around tltc country report. A
significant number of companiés
llutl promised in hire this spring
have cancelled their plans. leaving
extraordinarily long student lines at
many placement centers.

The placement officers added the
only reason the number of on-
campus interviews is keeping close
to earlier predictions is a boom in
college hiring. by defense-related in-
dustrics.

"Competition (among students)
is up and recruitment (by com-
panies) is down." said Ava Sellers."
placement director at Vanderbilt.

“Lines are forming two hours
before sigthups begin." nddcd
William Mitchell.‘ who directs
placement services tu Cal State-
Sttcramcnto. ' “The recruiters lll’C
having a ball."

A record 50 percent of Yale's
I982 grads signed up for campus in-
tcrvicws this spring. ' ,

“I think there was cxccssivc op-
limism from industry this time,"
summarizes Victor Lindquist, who
helps administer the influential En-
dicott Report on American
business' campus hiring plans and
who is placement director at Nor-
Ihwestern.

“Changes occurred from
November (when the Endicott
numbers were gathered) to the first
quarter of this year tltttt were not
anticipated." Lindquist explained.

lie-blamed the changes in hiring
plans on rocky economic times irt
lltc rctuiling. metals and oil in-
tlllSll‘lCS.

“The basic metals industries are
usually ltcnvy recruiters. and they

llrt.‘ barely holding their own this v

your." Linthuisl observed. “the oil
industry. which has had enormous

 

 

Vandals Hit 0.0. Room

lly lll'I'l II IlIlINHIiR

\’nut|u|s lunkt- inlo Illt' I'ulttmu Rmmt Htuurtluy. lll'llllllt‘ll tlll
lllllltillll's. Illltl tlillllill'l'tl u piunu tummy other tit-Is ul vuutlulism m't'm-
duty In blutlt-ul Slll‘lt'l‘\l\lllt‘ Munugt-t .lvl’l Silu-rumu.

'llu- lllilllill‘l'l ul lllt' Mpuwlrnp. \vltit'lt Opt'l'illl“. in the Pulmuu
Ronni. l)lilllllt' Sntillt. inlmuu-(l Silvt-tmun til'tlu- lllt‘llll'lll lll ll p.m. on
Mun ll .1!) \\‘llt'll slu- \\t‘nl It) set up. 1 he incidcnl is l)('llt‘\‘t‘(l to have (it‘-
t'lllt’tl lit-tuct-n Ihv hours of noon and K p.ru.

“\‘l't- hurl to mule some very lust corrections I‘m the upt‘niny ()l the
f\ltttl\t'llil|l." snitl Assislunl Munuttcr of Mind Survive. I’ttttl Arnold.
llti\\t‘\‘l'|. ht- \llltl. then- \it It no serious (lillllilpk‘\.

Alt-mtlinp It) tlu- l)t'|\illllllt'lll 0| I’uhliv Sultli's sci-rcltuy. Nnucy
ll)l|\ Ilu-rr illl' “nu vuxprrlu ul Iltt' rttttlltt‘nl. I hr lllt'ltlt'lll is still under

tumth the last few years. htts htttl

 

 

illl calile ion."

to pull back this year in response to
falling gas prices. They are tradi-
tionally heavy recruiters. and it has
caught many by surprise."

Virginia Benﬁeld. manager of
college recruiting for Texaco. Inc..
confirmed that "last year. no one in
the industry expected the economy
to be this bad." w

Sltc anticipated “our hiring will
fall short of our projcclions."

But she said Texaco. for one. is
"just leveling off at a more predic-
table rule of hiring."

The continuing problems of the

auto industry have also depressed".

campus recruiting. especially iii the
rnitltvcst.

“Some of our regulars are tied to
the automotive industry. and [hail
hits been a problem." said Pat
Mttrkc of Western Kentucky
University. “Some of our regulars
just aren‘t hiring.ttnd some of the
recruiters who set up dates to inter-
view linva had to cull and cancel."

“I tell them to come back when
they can sec daylight again." she

> t‘tllllilllll’ll 4m /’tl.l.'(‘ U

. '13.

 

Recruitment Dawn at SUNYA ‘ - a ‘

By MONICA GROSSBAUM

Job recruitment has decreased'

’ for the ﬁrst time in SUNYA's
history according to Director of
Career Planning .lohrt Alexander.

122 organizations have visited
SUNYA in the Wild-81 period. as
compared to 132 in tltc 1979.80
period.

‘ Alexander nolctl "recruitment
takes care of ll minority of students.
numerically speaking. at SUNYA.
The bulk of people must look for
their own jobs."

The unsteady economic climate
undouquny tlflt‘t‘ls job oppor-
Iunilics. bul Alexander emphasizes
that "personal savvy,
rusmu‘ccl'ulucss utttl rclcnllcssncss"
ttrc the key factors in securing a job.
“Anyone with two left foot cttn find
u job during good times. Bad limes
call for industrious pcoplc." Alcx'
illlllt‘l suitl.

llL‘ urng students to take full utl-

vantage of the university's career
aiding facilities. '
SUNYA is the only school in the
country to have a Computer Job
Matching System. For a $15 fee, a
student's credentials are fed into the
computer and matched up with a
list of job opportunities. When an
offer is made. tltc student is con-
tnctcd by mail.
“Introduction to Job Search" is
.1 course offered in weekly intervals
front September to June. whlch
teaches students how to manage
their job search. Alexander con-
sidch this course to be invaluable.
Alexander complains that budget
culs have limited funding to the
Career Plnnning Office. He advises
students to develop oral and writing
skills on their own. and to research
which fields cnn use their abilities.
Advisor to the School of
Business. .loltn chruo. bcllcvcs
jobs are available in accounting.
built/inner] on page 9

. Ofﬁcial Calls for New Prisons

Il.\' LISA 

 

Iluiltling new prisons is at more
vittltlc zillcrnlivc than either ud-
ntinistcring corporal punishment or
overcrowding inmates into cells. tic-
cortling [0 SHth Department of
(‘orrcetionttl Services Commis-
sioner 'I'ltonuts Coughlin.

“Punishment is r. sophisticated
tintl civilivcrl issue." and dcprivu-
tion of freedom is the gl'L‘lllCSl ex-
tent to which modern society can
punish its criminals. Coughlin said

lust wcck til it Icclur: irt Draper
lltlll.

(‘ougltlin opposes the method of
corporal punishment advocated by
SllNYA's Associate of Criminal
Justice (lrucnte R. Newman. Call-
ing for use of electric shock on in—
mates. this method is "n mcdicvnl
ttpprottch to punishment.“
Coughlin said.

Ycl. he feels. overcrowding
prison cells is no ultcrnttlivc.

limphusizlng the devastating cf-
l'ccls overcrowding has on both

English Classesfor TAs to be Expanded

Ily PATTI MAR'I‘INO

SUNYA admin ll‘lllOl‘S lll‘c conti—
nuing to cvptuttl it new program in-
stituted to refine the language skills
of touching assistants ('I‘A's) \vltust'
uttlivc lunguugc is not English.

Vice President and Dunn of
Uutlcrgrugutttc Stud'ics I-Iclcu
llcsfusscs sttitl she will be meeting
with [English l)cpurltttcttl professors
lchl week to discuss new courses
specifically genrctl uutl I'L‘CtlllllllclltlA
ed for 'I'A's to whom linglislt is u sc-
coutl Ittnguttgc.

The meeting is the newest aspect
of u 'I'A-lruiuing policy established
lttsl September ttftcr numerous stu-

 

tlcnt compluittls about poor 'I'A
touching quality and inferior
linglish used by foreign 'I'As. ttccor-
ding to Mike L‘nrso. clruirmttu of
the SA Academic Council.

The new policy was the result of
two yours of research on TA ll‘illll~
lug tactics conduclctl by the
Academics Committee. between
l979-l980. It features u tltty~long
unnttttl oriunlttlion workshop for
TAs in September, plus the sccorttb
language English course.

“We will lukc'slcps next your to
insult! (hill 11 greater percentage of
TAs [like these \vor'kships urul
ztnguugc programs that We fch are
necessary.“ said Dcsfosscs.

One specific tu‘t‘tt plugucd with
recurrent student Ctilttplr’lllllh has
been itt the Mlllll and [Economic
Departments. where ’I‘As require
quttnlitulivc and lccltnicul profi-
ciency. according to Como.

Dalmatia suitl .sltc rucoguivcs
“the bulk of student cuntpluinls
have come ubout 'I‘As in these
quttnlitutivc uricutctl tlcprulmcnts.
We are working with the chairs of
these tlupttrltttcnts to ullcviulu uny
lllLllVltllllll problems that have come
to our attention."

Dcsfosscs said she hits not been
tthlc to judge the effects of the new
training policy since lcncltcr cvttluu-
lions ltttvc riot yet been conducted.

 

plinth: Sherry ('ulu-u

SA's Mike Cursu

T7 '5' need cwmrmnicalion

 

 

prison security and the inmates
themselves. Coughlin claimed that.
“udcquulc prison spttcc is one of
the tools for self-rehabilitation."
He cited the tragic riot at Attica in
I97l us tt result of overcrowding at
it‘s worst cxlrcmc. -

To exemplify the implicaton of
doubling up in cells. Coughlin pur-
rnllclcd the situation to being lock-
ed» in n 6 v7by-_ 8 bathroom with
another person for long periods of
time. He noted with pride that New
York State spends I6.000 dollars
annttrtlly for each prisoner as com-
pllrcd to “it: 2.000 dollars per your
spent in Texas.

The answer. he feels. is to [mild
more prison facilities.

('oruthlin'c responsiveness to the
public will has been questioned its,
despite the fuel that the Prison
llontl issue was voted down. he con~
tinucs to administer the building of
more prisons. Coughlin insisted his

actions are consistent with the vote,
saying the bund‘s rcjccliou tttcant
the public wishes to [lily for. the new
prisons with hard cash now now. as
opposed to tripling the original cost
by borrowing and paying the exhor-
bilttrtt interest rates lttlcr.

ASP Classifieds make it.

 

 

 

 

w tugs

. . n

Coffees:
81% We“ Yﬂ

(n

Sv'gt"

Mom-draft $.35gls.-$2.00ptr. _
& 50° Peppermint Schnagips
M-molson draft $.40 gls- $2. 5 ptr.‘
Lowenbrau Dark Draft $.40 gls $2.25 ptr.
w Thurs.-mixed drinks $.75 9 t0.12 '
ELL-HARPO’S CRAZY HOUR-3 to 7
mixed drinks $.75 drafts $.35 pitchers $2.00

. . t“
09%“ m 

HARPG’S PUB'

6 New Scotland Ave

1%

HAP
MON DAY. MARCH

[P went
tillPllllilL 2%)“3369

HAP is a building of spirit.
(Fountain Festival, Activities Day, etc.)

The purpose of the various_
activities is to get people
to reach out, learn about
each other and welccme spring
with exciting activities.

Interest ‘ Meeting I

000

300M

2.9

 

 

 

"‘ eV‘us.

mm‘nh- 

. t . “mt-We..—

vvines $.75 chicken wings $1.75 a basket

-.i1e.:..E-.W-

'lpM  c.0361. I , ..

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

