 

 

 

 

  
 

  
   
     
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
 

    
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
 

 

:f

i

“ OMB Gunman:

NED!-

roaster-o-

"sir. mugging,

   

“' othtng lasts [or long".sings Joni
NMitchell on her latest album Wild
Things Run Fast. from the song
“Chinese Cafe". and that perhaps. Is the
statement that Is most Interesting on Jont's
newest portrait of life In a love-obsessed
world. i say Interesting. because Mitchell.
who has been recording now for over fif-
teen years. has not only lasted for ages and
ages. but has created works of near genius
In not only the genres of folk (Ladies 0]
The Canyon and Blue). and pop (Court
and Spark) but in jazz as well (Mingus and
her live. breathtakingly beautiful Shadows
and Light). interesting because It seems the
eternally love-torn poeiess of the past has
shed her ballad-like bravado and adapted
an acceptence of love even Donna Sum-
mer could admire.

Debbie Millman

- Roberta Joan Anderson has come along
way since the days she was singing In the
little nightclubs of Saskatchewan. Canada.
intending to go Into the graphic arts. she
decided after one year of art college that
she prefered to play guitar and sing. An In-
tuitive and fresh talent from the day she
entered the life of musician. she attracted
the attentions oi guitarist Chuck Mitchell In
the early sixties while she was singing the
rounds In Canada. Married after only a
brief courtship. their marriage was Ill-fated
as soon as Joni began intensely pursuing
her musical rather than romantic instincts
(ironically enough). Although the mid‘
sixties folk music scene had already ex-
ploded and had begun to dissipate by the
time Mitchell arrived in New York. she
quickly attracted the likes of Tom Rush and
Judy Collins with such songs as "The Cir-
c|e_ Game" and “Both Sides Now". The
rumor went around the music circles
about this brutally honest woman who sang
songs about herseil, a woman. in a com-
pletely new. startlingly sensitive. and In-
novative way. They were right. Song To A
Seagull. Mitchell's first album. produced by
David Crosby. was explosive in a sublte
way; songs like "Sistotowbell Lane" were

 

 

    
 

not only songs revealing touching confes-

 J oni- Mitchell’s

Joni comes full circle in an
album reﬂecting fifteen years

 

slons of a person's psyche. they painted
portraits of completely unabashed honesty.
There were touches of Laura Nyro here, as
well as Joan Baez. but the poetic imagery
as well as melodic beauty were un-
precedented.

A beautiful and talented woman is hard
to Ignore. but one that Is successful is im-
possible. Such was the case for Joni alter
the release of Clouds and Ladies 0/ The
Canyon. Friends with Neil Young since her
early days In Canada (they lived In the
same neighborhood and used to )oke
about becoming famous) she became im-
mersed In the folk/art/hlppie scene with
CSN & Young. plunged Into a relationship
with Graham Nash. and moved in with him
and two cats on Laurel Canyon in Califor-
nia. Though that relationship was also Ill-
fated (as most love-affairs wlth Joni seem
to be). it produced some oi the prettiest
songs in folk music that year. From Joni:
“Willie”. the sentimental appraisal oi her
everlasting love (Willie is Graham's
nickname): “Willie is my child. he is my
father  i would be his lady all my life"
and from Nash: “Our House" :“Staring at
the fire for hours and hours while [listen to
you play your love songs all night long for
me. only for me."

Well. for some reason Nash couldn't
handle her dedication. and they split up.
Mitchell went Into seclusion. then travelleo
to Greece. where she lamented her lost
love. and wrote songs. She couldn't stay
away too long. and though still depressed.
produced what some believe was her ac~
tual breakthrough album. Blue. The emo-
tional intensity of this album was for-
midable. her lyrics were dark. almost ma-
)estlc and her melodies. though still not
overly complex. were unusual. At this par-
ticular time oi her career. her voice was at
the forefront rather than the instruments
behind it. Nevertheless. Crosby had taught
her a method of tuning her guitar that was
unique and her songs had a 'Joni' quality
that she alone possessed.

During the preparation of the album For
The Roses. Joni met Tom Scott. horn
player oi the LA. Express (who has played

"Moderation

Rickie Lee Jones). For The Roses had
some minor accompaniment. but it wasn’t
until she teamed up with the entire L.A.
Express in 1974 that she achieved totally
lull. purely unadulterated. pop. it wasn't
hokey-pokey trash pop. mind you. but an
elusive. introspective. fast-paced pop.
Court and Spark was a successful album.

, commercially. as well as critically. and her
place In the music business was firmly
established.

Her next studio album. Hejira was also
well recieved. at this point In Joni's life she
began to concern herself with settling down
and kept threatening her manager Eliot
Roberts that this tour was the last tour. but
somehow. she kept moving. Each love af-
fair seemed to be a 'false-alarm' as she con-
fessed her broken heart in the touching
classic "Amelia". Her own existence. and
the reason for It was plaguing her
relentlessly; "HeJIra" put it best: “i look at
the granite marker/those tributes to eterni-
ty. to finality/then i look at myself
here/chicken scratching for my immortali-
ty.

 

 
   
      
 

panics Joni In a way that enhances her
vocals In a way that challenges the perfec-
tion of the vocal duets oi Billie Holiday and
Al Hibber. Shadows and Light is a sincere
album. It reﬂects the growth Mitchell made
down the long road of introspection. im-
perfection, and fame. The haunting
remakes oi “Woodstock"and “Furry Sings
The Blues" prove her ability to really sing
the blues. The remake oi her own
"Woodstock" is almost frightening. and
gives the ‘Woodstock’ era a chillingly. near
apocalyptic feeling. On first listening to the
cut. l was struck by the transformation she
had made since her first days as
‘spokeswomen' for the time.

Rushing ahead to the present. 1982 and
Wild Things Run Fast. i admit it- i have
mixed emotions about the album. in many.
many ways it Is very beautiful. First the ex-
ceptional: the musicianship. Over the past
fifteen years Joni Mitchell has become one
hell of a musician. Both her guitar and
piano playing are really good. Her voice
has changed a lot over the years. also.

Back in the days of Song To A Seagull her

Joni has grown up and she’s so straight.

Gone are the heart—wrenching, love-lamenting

lyrics, in its place are the acceptances of love,

attachments, and corny, heart—warming

responsibilites

 

In the interim she was becoming a better
musician and started becoming more and
more involved with tan rhythms. Her first
attempts at this new-found art went unap-
preciated. nevertheless both The Htsstng
0/ Summer Lawns and Don Juan's
Reckless Daughter were serious attempts
exhibiting a lot oi potential. "In France
They Kiss On Main Street" and
"Dreamland" were extremely promising. In
fact it wasn't until the 1979 release of
Shadows and Light that they realized their
full potential.

1979 was an important year for Joni.
Charles Mingus (tan bass player) wrote six

 

with everyone from Stevie Wonder to

songs for Joni to put lyrics to. He
presented to her a thoroughly new world of
music; In her own words."l was curious! it
was as if I had been standing by a river-one
toe in the water-feeling It out-and Charlie
came by and pushed me In-“sink or
swim"-him laughing at me dog paddling
around in currents of black classical
'muslc." in any case. the experiences Joni
had with Mingus heavily influenced her
music. and suddenly her music was not
simply tailored with a Jazzy undertone.
Mingus. the album wasiazz. pure and com-
plex. The musicians playing on the album
are impressive: Eddie Gomez on bass.
John McLaughlin on guitar. Jan Hammer
on mini moog. Stanley Clark on bass. and
others. Unfortunately Jonl‘s record buying
public didn't seem to approve of this eclec-
tic. artsy music, and. once again. It didn't
fare well on the record stands. Fortunately
for her die-hard fans. (who might not have
fully understood what she was doing but
remained respectfully aware) the public
opinion did not seem to taint her artistic
convictions. and she once again teamed up
with some phenomenal musicians to ac-
company her on her next tour.

What can one say about her band on
Shadows and Light? The names of these
men almost speak for themselves: Jaco
Pastorius on bass. Pat Metheny on lead
guitar. Lyle Mays on keyboards, and
Michael Brecker on sax. Pastorius and
Metheny go way back to their days at
Miami University. their playing together is
masterful. Mays. who played on Metheny's
first album after Pat's debut with Gary Bur—
ton. and has now )oined Eberhard Weber
on his latest. Later That Evening. accom-

 

votce trailed and shrilled. soared and fell.
only to peak again. then to drop down an
octave or two, all seemingly effortlessly.
Now Joni is more subtle. time has mellow-
ed “the chirp" out a bit; her voice Is deep.
full. almost mysterious. Once and a while
she'll still surprise you, though. as In
“Ladies Man". Again. she is accompanied
by the best: Wayne Shorter (of .Weather
Report fame). Larry Williams. John Guerin
(L.A. Express). Larry Carlton. an old
familiar face. James Taylor. and a new ad-
dition. Lionel Ritchie. who sings vocals
with Joni on “You Dream Flat Tires".

The album opens with an absolute
masterpiece: “Chinese Cafe". The song is
interspersed with lines from the Righteous
Brothers’ "Unchained Melody" through
her own tune. The song seems to relate
Joni's new stance In life-“Caught In the
middle/Carol. we're middle class/we're
middle aged/We were wild in the old
days/Birth of rock 'n roll days/Now your
kids are coming up straight/ and my child's
a stranger." But the brilliant lyrics signify
what is wrong with the album. Joni has
grown up. and she's so straight. Gone are
the heart—wrenching love-lamenting lyrics
(for the most part). In its place are the ac-
ceptences of love, attachments, corny.
heart-warming responsibilltes. Oh Jonil
When you spoke of your “false alarms"
and “people's parties" you spoke for all of
us. When you were In despair. we could
relate. we could understand. i can't
understand how you can sing "Baby.
you're so square. darlin' i don't care"- you
used to care. i can't understand how you
can say “We got a chance. hot dog darlin'.
we got a chance" (Hot dog. darlin’P?)

Regardless of my personal opinion. l'm
glad she's happy. it's very obvious from this
album. Joni has found her man. she’s
secure, she's being loved for who she is.
etc. etc. it is a lovely album. The songs are
soft and warm; "Love". “Moon At The
Window", and "Solid Love" are very
beautiful songs. (The word love, by the
way. is mentioned 57 times on this album).
In a sense. Joni has come a full circle.
She's always been obsessed by love, when
she started singing it nearly gave her a net'-
vous breakdown. now it is “the greatest
beauty in her life". it is still vintage Joni. but
like the woman says herself. “Nothing lasts
for long."

WusnaxttujcllLU. LLQJJJJ. r.s.'.1.r..'.r. JJJ-3~’ol¢‘NLLU"ll‘iI-U‘d‘.l

«Uta ’-

 

.1
11
s

in
ex

  

 

 

ops...well i guess It's too late. I'll
0 have to go through with It and

write the review. i really don't
want to do this you know. l'm not inspired.
it might be a carry-over from the Librium\
I've been prescribed but i think not. l'm
afraid it's from the two records l'm about to
review-- Lene Lovich's “No Man's Land"
and the Culture Club's debut album "Kiss
Ing To Be Clever." i hate to say it. but these
albums are incredibly boring. uninspired
and unimaginatlve.

 Damian VanDenburgh

 

Don't get me wrong» I do like new
music and i do try to keep an open mind In
regards to such but i Just can't avoid the
blatant soulless quality of this music. Where
{do i begin? Side one of Lene Lovich l sup-
pose. Before l even start the reviews i
should probably mention that right now l'm
listening to "it's All Over Now. Baby Blue"
by Bob Dylan and still i have no qualms
about doing a disservice to these albums.
Believe me. l'll listen again even as i write.
but It will come to the same end-— an over
wlrelming desire to either sleep or put on a
different record. How does one go about
getting inspired by uninspired music?
Guess l'll try this green pillltt was prescribed
as well-- don't wory.) A gulp of water. a
melancholy exhalation and voila-- the
reviewing machine reluctantly kicks into
gear. beginning a long trip down a steep.
flat decline.

Boy this is really a shame I really liked
Stateless Lovlch's first album. it was fun.
fun. fun and nothing more Ficx.h<-r follow
up was weak. weak. weak and nothing
less. But a least l could still enjoy Statuless
and think to myself that. well It's only her
second album. give her a break. Then the
New Toy HP. come out. i loved "New
Toy" and ignored the rest of the li,P,. hop-
ing that "New Toy" was only on intimation
‘of what was to come. Nothing could have
let me down more than “No Man's Land."

  

 

   

      
 
   

    

 

  

 

' urinal-MM...  

Lene Lovich used to be able to express
some strange sort of romantic ideal in her
music and in the way she sang-yelped.
know she sounds rehashed. yelping purely
for effect rather than out of affection. Miss-
Ing also is the muted. love-inspired
psychotic paranoia that used to shine
through (especially on "Telepathy" from
stateless.) Now she sonnds a little

_too secure.boistered by her tiny army of

synthesized robot gueriilas. To put It
simply-- she's trapped In a sound and Im-
age the way the "Flash and the Pan" are
trapped and all too easily recognizable by
the synthesized respirator vocals of their
lead singer. George Young.

Sadubut true. Lene Lovich Is a one
album singer who should have quit while
she was ahead. Nothing on "No Man's
Land“ merits mention. it all blends together

leaving the listener with no lmpressions-- .

ironically similar to the desert wasteland
scene on the album cover. I

Moving onward, not upward. Culture
Club's new album Kissing to be Cleuer left
me with the same trnpression-- that of no
impression at all. if you've heard "Haircut
100." "Adam and the Ants". “Bow Wow
Wow" or Joe Jackson's Night and Day
then you don't have to even guess what
Culture Club sounds like. Culture Club Is
another gimmicky band in a gimmicky
genre that has yet to equal It reigning
master's talents (the "reigning master" be»
ing Ricky Ricardo.)

Who are the members of the Culture
Rlub? Boy George. ex-Bow Wow Wow
(see?) member on lead vocals. Jon Moss.
ex-Adam and the Ants (see?) drummer on
drums. Michael Craig. tax-Northern Soul
disciple turned bass player and given credit
for “heavy culture" on the album. perhaps
inspired by being the token black member
of the bond. and Roy l-lay tax-hairdresser
turned guttortst and keyboard player for
this soggy. soppy. ersntz-samba drenched
band.

l'll be honest-- I can only handle listening

 

  

  
 

  
  
   

 
 
  
 
 
   
  
 

  
   
      
   
   
   
  
 
  
    
  

  

   
   

  

        
  
    
  
 

  
 

   
  
   
   

       
  

Kissing To Be Cultured I
 Lene Lovich and Culture Club
V ﬁnd no affection

1

 

to the first side of this album. “Do you real-
ly want to hurt me-do you really want to
make me cry." After listening to this song.
what was an initial appeal for mercy
becomes a point of debate. If this song pro-
vides any Inspiration. it's towards taking
karate lessons Instead of going out looking
for Boy George. Rather than getting that
Involved i usually skip to the next song.
"l'tn Afraid of Me." With good reason, too.
if my mind ever began thinking of music
this spastically peppy. l'd be a little bit con-
cerned as well.

Having a relatively weak stomach. i
usually skip to the next song. "You Know
l'm Not Crazy," This song sounds like a
slow version of the classic “Walk Don't
Run" by the Ventures, Let's face It-~ the
Ventures were not great musicians by any
means and for a new band to copy the
melody of a song like “Walk Don't Run"
spells trouble to me. Without diving into a
shallow pool. I‘ll Just say that the rest of side

\l

one Is worthless.

Side two ts rarely-covered ground for
me. The titles alone scare me off. "White
Boy"(dance mix). “Boy. Boy (l'm the
_ boy)" "White Boys Can't Control it" and
“Take Control." It reads like a
mtscaiculated example of the distributive
theory and sounds even worse than that.

I should apologize. but what more can i
say? This music Is so bland and
anonymous that even my medication can't
get me out of the stupelied rut that this
music resides in. if i have any concerns
about this music at all. It rests with the
popularity that these albums have already
or will have i realize that it's a matter of
opinion but as far as my feelings are con-
cerned. these albums have little to no merit

 

3 either as new music or enioyable music To
l expand on that would put me In the same
i position as those musicians - that being the
' position of one who llogs it dead horse. l

 
 

an.) }_

NO‘O“ t.‘ nil! ta-tn

 

rest my case. i J

 

 

 

 

Rossier Returns

Calvino’s Curse

on are beginning to read Mark
i Rossier's review of ltnlo Cnlvino's

II On A Winter's Night A
Traveler. Sit down. relax. and put your feet
up on the table In front of you. You may
not have read Calvino's book just
yet—after all. you're busy. If you haven't
read the catalyst for this review. you are
undoubtedly confused. "Why is be writing
this?" you ask yourself. assuming. of
course. that you are still reading and
hﬂaﬂ't moved clip—tileilifrsonals”.___

Mark Rossier

7EEERJEEKEHWREW
ventional sense; rather. It is a contempla-
tion on the art of reading. To this end. the
author addresses you directly. just as i am.
He talks to you. challenges you. questions
you. and explains things to you. All these
direct appeals do not. however, make
Calvino's book as stimulating or enjoyable
as It may sound.

The book begins with a prologue of sorts
and then moves Into chapter one of what
we assume Is the novel proper. That.
however. is interrupted by a new story
about a reader who Is reading the same
book we are. Thus Calvlno tries to make
the actual reader and fictional reader thi
same. Further complicating matters. every
other chapter Is the beginning of a novel
the fictional reader is starting. but never
finishes. So It goes with ten false starts In-
truding on the story of the reader. Ob-
viously. however. they are not really intru'
sions. since the ten phoney chapters give

the render sonwthing to mad and thus pro-
vide the basis for his story and Calvino's
novel

You think this all sounds very confusing

and difficult. don't you? Well. I must take
some of tho blame—perhaps my works are
not too clear. When you read the book.
however. you will find that the situation is
much less convoluted and complicated
than Cnlvino Would have you believe, You
will not be as much of a prisoner of the text
as he wants you to be. The success of the
book depends on your being as drawn into
the ten fragments as the fictional reader,
You. however. are far too clever for that.
You will be well aware of the game Calvtno
I5 attempting to play and as you read. you
will feel that it wears thin about halfway
through.
Please excuse my presumptuousness. but i
feel that i know you well enough to predict
your impressions of the book. it will un-
doubtedly occur to you that Calvtno Is a
victim of his own cuteness as he attempts to
find reasons why the reader cannot finish.
the fragments. As the circumstances grow
more absurd. it will become clear that the
reader is merely a literary device. a nar-
rative convenience and not the mirror of
yourself.

By novel's end. you will feel tax-
ed—bored not as much by the text as by
the continual attempts at cleverness. This
is. you will conclude. a minor work—a fan-
ciful literary exercise that Is more tiresome'
than tantillzing. As someone who has'
already read the book. let me say simplyl
that you will be right. C3

 

    
 
       
   
       
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
      
   
  
  
      
      
   
   
    
      
    
   
     
     

 

 

