~trio onum'wi- 

NQION "h:

 

 

i

{A

  

Two

hesimationintheMiddleEastisa

complatandemotionalstruggicof

two nations searching for a
homeland.lnthelastfewmlts.assomany
times through hktory. the question of
Palestinian vasusisaeiautonomyhasraly
editsuglyheadJnseatchh'igiorananswer
oraiustificationfortheincldentsofthepast
few weeks. one mustlookat the troubled
historyofthisregionandkeepthepresentin
diathistoticalpergrective. Aspectshasair
tempted to explore. throuyr interviews. the
twodistinctsidesofanissue.thatwiththe
entranceofAmerican troops, must concern
usall.

Charles M. Greene
8
Megan G. Taylor

 

 

The history oi the Jewish people is one of
exile and persecution. Religious prejudice
and persecution greeted them from all
quarters as they were virtually the only
monotheistic people of their time. In 70
AD. the Romans. after years of bloody
struggle and warfare, defeated the Jews.
captured Jerusalem. and the dispersion of
the Jews from their homeland throughout
the world began.

This was the beginning of a nearly 2.000
year trek across many countries; through the
veil of constant death and persecution the
Jews traveled but the spirit of Judaism could
not be conquered; expelled from their
homeland the Jews never failed to be faithful
to their religion or reverent in the hope that
they could some day return. Peaceful
ass‘milation Into a new country seldom oc-
curedorlastedlongforthese' ‘ y

  

__ ____..'__.——_.

In 1939 than were two major oocurances
that affected the Paslestinian situation. First.
the Arab Higher Committee. which was
formed to units opposition to Zionist aims.
engagedin avirtualctvilwarwhichexposed
major deficiencies in the military and political
ovulation.

Britian also Issued the 1939 White Paper
which limited Jewish emmig'ants to l500
permonthtil l944whennomorewouldbe
admitted. This forced many Jews to stay or
return to Germany during World War I].
WWllandtheGermanatrodtiesinflictedon
the Jewish people in the period that has
come to be known as the holocust. increased
the need for an independent Jewish state.

In 1947 the British, deciding they had

 

Peoﬁied nd

On June 14th. 1982. in response to the
attempted assasination of Israeli ambassador
Shlomo Argov in London. Israeli tank col-
umns cutoff Mudm West Beirut entrapplng
PLO military and political leaders. According
to Lieutinent General Rafael Eyton Israel
would not withde until they had “smashed
the military and polital nerve center" of the
PLO.

The Israeli Invadon of Lebanon was focus~
ed on approximately 6.000 PLO members
located in West Beirut but effected about
800.000 people. Approximately 20,000
Lebanese civilians were left homeless as a
result of Israeli attacks on that city. After
months of intense negotiation a ceasefire
and withdrawal agreement were worked out

»:»’ ' W- '= t  
{AP Photo) Israeli troops overlook war-tom Beirut, while Israeli ﬂogﬂes in the background

 

 

nomads.

In 1897 the first Zionist Congas was
held. Zionism was formed for the sole pur-
pose of establishing an indepenth Jewish
state and was prompted by occurrances like
the Pogroms. murder of Jews by the Russian
military and peasants. After the first World
War the League of Nations issued a mandate
to the British to oversee Palestine and subse-
quently masses of Jewish emmigrants began
pouring into that country; about 500.000
Jews migrated there between the two wars.

The Palestinians were still a majority.
however. and by 1939 the Jews only com-
prised about 1/3 of the Palestine popula-
tion. The British goal was not to developed
two independent nations. one Arab and one
Jewish. but to develop one unified and In-
dependent "Palestinian State”.

The British Palestinian mandate of 1917
was followed by the Balfour Declaration.
This declaration expressed Britian's intent to
support Zionist aims and shocked the Arabs
who had felt the British would support their
desire for an independent state which includ-
ed Palestine. Not long after this declaration
the Arabs began to fear they would be
submerged by Jewish emrnigrants and anti-
‘Zionist riots started breaking out. serious
clashes between the Arabs and Zionist occur-
ring in 1921 and 1929.

 

 

done all they could towards establishing
peace. referred the situation to the United
Nations. The UN. divided Palestine into two
independent nations. one Arab and one
Jewish. The Jewish territory comprised over
half of Palestine and was way out of proper
tion to their number: the Palestinians, conse-
quently, refused to recognize the Jewish
state and the fighting continued.

On May 14th. 1948. when the British
mandate expired and with no formal UN.
sanction. the Jews proclaimed themselves to
be the independent nation of Israel. The
U.S. was quick to acknowledge the ex-
istence of this new Jewish state but they
received little other support. In 1949 the
ISraelis took possession of all territorial bat-
tlefields; 700.000 Arabs were forced out of
Israel into other Arab controlled territory.

In 1967. the Arabs and the Israelis again
went to war and the West Bank came into
Jewish possession. The Palestinians reacted
to these defeats with anger and shame.
They. too. searched for their identity in an-
cient Palestine and felt it was their rightful
homeland. Palestine. after all. had been
predominantly Muslim since the 7th century
and many religious shrines remain in that ter-
ritory.

1964 saw the formation of the Palestine
Liberation Organization. The PLO was
formed to promote and provide ideolgical
direction for the Palestinian people. Many of
the PLO members insisted on no less than
Jewish extermination. however, and. conse-
quently. the PLO has been linked to and
credited with many terrorist acts. The PLO is
composed of several different factions and
considers itself the military arm of its people.
It is recognized by the UN. as the rightful
representative of the Palestinian people and
is their most promoinent mouthpiece.

There have been many attempts to divide
Palestine. but these attempts. unfortunately.
have almost always been Iotled by the PLO's
refusal to recognize Israel. The Palestinian
population is as large as that of the Israelis.
and they feel proposed land divisions have
always been unproporti'onal The Muslim
heritage is also tied up In ancient Jerusalem
and they. too. want a part of that city; now
the Palestinians. like the Jews of old. are

 

refu without a homeland.

 

by US. special envoy Philip HBbIlD- A W
international peace keeping force was
brought in and then withdrawn on
September llth. when the withdrawal
agreement seemed to be working and Peace
restored; it was not to last.

on September 14th Lebanese president
elect. Bashir Gemayel. considered by many
to be a puppet of the Israeli government. was
assasinated. On September 15th. In clear
violation of the withdrawal agreement. Israeli
troops were reordered into West Beirut to
protect “political gains" made there. On
September l7th. “with Israeli tanks standing
guard outside. [waeli-backed Phalangist
militia moved by foot and ieep into the bat-
tered Sabra and Shatilla camps. Automatic
weapons fire could be heard from within and
women weeping hysterically..." Hundreds
of men. women and children were killed in
this Phalangist attack.

Many have accused Israel of being. if not
in violation of international law. at least in
violation of the ‘ethics of war'. It has been
confirmed that Israeli troops provided light
from flares for the Phalange and also provid-
ed them with some arms and supplies. Israel
has admitted awareness of the massacre as it
occured. but has maintained that by the time
they discovered what was happening, it was
too late.

Many Israelis and Jews everywhere are
hor_rified and ashamed of what seems to be
the Israeli role in the “massacre”. Reports of
“mass graves reminiscent of the holocust" re-
mind the Jewish people of the grave in-
justices which they have undergone.

It would be senseless and ridiculous to
compare the recent tragedy in West Beirut
with the Jewish holocust of World War II.
Sheer dimensions prevent that comparision
aside from the fact that this was no
preconceived attempt at genocide.

Menachem Begin has been accused of be-
ing preoccupied and antagonized by
thoughts of the holocust and worldwide anti-
Semitism. Speaking of the Palestinians in
West Beirut. Begin remarked, "I feel as 15’
Prime Minister empowered to instruct a
"ﬁlm" “my lacing 'Berlin' where. amongst
innocent civilians, Hitler and his henchmen
lie in a bunker deep beneath the surface".
Since 1967 the status of the Palestinian

 
 
  
   

 

   

 

westuBank and the Gaza Strip. lands taken
people has been mainly a question of ii."
in the war of that year. Recently n 5 _
chly refused to allow the ambit
establish an Independent government on
these lands saying it "could create a serious
danger” to lsraei's security.

Some people proclaim that the Mid.“e
East is composed of such a variety and
minority of social. religious. and regional
groups that there (an never be peace.
violence is a fact of life. Emerging from this
conﬂict are. of course, two distinct and
diametrically opposed views: The Arab and
the Israeli. Aspects interviewed spokespeo.
pie for both sides in order to better unders-
tand the current upheavel in the Middle East

A newly organized group The Capital
District Committee [Or Palestinian High“
held a memorial service for the Shinlia m.
tims. The immediate goals of thzs 3r up are
(1) Unconditional and Immediate winding]
of Israeli troops from Lebanon’ We Md
Israel. which had invaded West Br : .1 witch-

 

Now the Palestinians
old, are refugees with
We can only hope th
have grown up under
will know peace ina

call their own.

    
  

 

sibly to prevent bloodshed. direciii. re voonsi‘
ble for the slaughter. We demand A. : terna-
tional investigation-not under the 3'1.” "oi oi
the Israeli government- to find out the mole
truth". (2) An end to US arms smprnenis
and military aid to Israel! Follosmg the
memorial. Aspects spoke to the gi' rep moi-
dinator. Maria Muscarella,

Do you think the American press (is; gu‘en
the Issue lair coverage?
It's beginning to. I think until this summu the
American press was totally biased aga:1’.si the
Palestinians; they were only Viewed as iei-
wrists. And this is one reason they users able
to be massacred so easily. because when you
take away their humanity they are n« 3 4199'
human beings - they are objects
Arabs killing Arabs has not brought the rur-
rent outcry. but the presence of [sums WW5

  

 

has focused the world's attention W? the
’"OSSGCTt-L how do you respond to tii.s’

I think that's a very racist Slalﬂiiciﬂ-uiiﬂ
murder does not condone another tl'
like saying because the Jews were I-zli-d in
the holocust they now have a right to Mid
one of their own. There have been modems
in the past of Palestinians being massacred
by Israeli troops. Mr. Begin in 1948 was the
leader of the frgun which was a lt'iiUilSl
organization. They went into a \‘llldgd and

 

   
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

RAPE:

noun, 1. A CRIME of
violence, the illicit
Carnal knowledge of a
WOMAN without her
consent, effected by
FORCE, duress,
intimidation or
deception as to the
' nature of the act.

 
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Published by the President’s Task Force on Women’s Safety

  
  
   
 
  
  

l I
....'..a-.-;au - - IM“"“IVKWW~T,J unb'olilﬂba) rm:
' I . ' ~ ~ ‘6 .

 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 

