 

on on:

NOW-l

 

eighty-two inire'vie'ui 
. .

 

  

 

 

hen writing one of these far
Wreaclring year in review type ar~
ticles. I always like to find sonre
absolute connector. something that would
make it seem like that from January 1 to
December 31 there has been one over-
riding theme (e.g. last year's Rolling
Stone's Blitz). i don't think that's the case
this year. There have been. though. a lot of
small important happenings, and they all
appear to point in the same direction-- look
out you dinosaurs. New Wave is here to
stay. But this is a gross over-simplification.
and you've got to be careful. punks. before
you start celebrating.

Craig Marks

Ever since the Ramones. The Sex
Pistols. and 1977 exploded there's been
great hope from the “Wave” community
that one day you could turn on an
American radio and instead of Freebird
and the like you would hear Anarachy in
the UK and the like. Well. WLIR is now the
new music station. Men at Work is number
one. the Stray Cats are number two. CBS
records has been forced to cut back 30 per»
cent. and everyone. frotn the indies to the
Majors. has spoken out on the importance
of new acts. Unfortunately. i don‘t believe
any of this. There's always been great
music and there always will be. There are
honest groups out there who see popular
music as a kind of art form. meaning that
they feel a responsibility to excite. amuse.
and capture the energy of the youth. circa
1955. Where the scam lies is that our
popular youth culture. which was once
way ahead of the times. is now floundering
behind. I don't know all the reasons. but i
suspect that the combination of the (30's
and the 70's. the economy. and the
suburbs have something to do with it In
1956 it was the American youth who cans-
ed a worldwide revolution when they
made Elvis kiirg lilvrs Presley was a
genius. a man who toirrbineil hillbilly and
rhythm and blues to create a medium
which split our population and shaped our
current lives *iltjittfitfititllv f sincerely doubt.

 

however. that one. there'll ever be anyone
else like Elvis. and two, even if there were,
he'd release a couple of singles. maybe an
E.P.. play around NYC a few years. and
then fade away into obscurity.

So where does that leave us. it leaves
me thirsty. always listening and trying not
to let too many boundaries and constructs
get in theway. When I was in high school l
was told punk wasn't mrisic. just noise. but
luckilyl heard and read differently. Tlren l
was told that disco sucked, but i heard
great pop music. Rap was crap. but i heard
a poetic street music as exciting as punk.
This year it v ‘a r country music, a wonderful
painting of America with wide open spaces
and tirnefrui. .iard luck stories. it's too bad
that for n Jeople Bruce Springsteen
can't L'le -ttir the Gun Club. that led

 

Zepplin and Gene Vincent and Grand-
master Flash can't be seen on the same
continuum. i always thought that music
was supposed to open your rnlnd (A very
hippted cliche. but true nonetheless). it's
extremely disappointing when all these
"cool" New-wavers criticize everyone
else's beliind-the-tlmes taste. when in fact
they're just as guilty or more so than
anyone else. There [th5 great music after
the Beatles and before the Pistols (Randy
Newman. Al Green. The Band. et. af.)
Getting back to WLlR and the like. it would
be so nice if they could see the forest
through the trees and try to capture that
fresh pop feeling we once had. We've clos-
ed our minds. split ourselves up racially
and creatively. and hence. we‘re going
nowhere.

That brings us to this year's highly objec-
tive best of 1982 list. i certainly haven't
listened to every record released this year.
and my personal tastes dictate no jazz or
classical music on the list. This is the pop
music l've enjoyed tnost. for different
reasons anti at different times. My thinking
was that for a record to make the top ten it
can't just be very good; it's got to have
lasting quality. something very. very few
records have. Actually this year. although
there's been a wealth of very good
releases. only the top seven would i con-
sider to have this lasting quality. Arid only
one is a super-duper historic monster. and
that's Grandmaster Flash and the Furious
Five's The Message, an incredible rap
which depicts a picture of the ghetto as
angry as any poem. along with a crackling
dance mix heard on every box and iii every
club in the city. This is genuine ground-
breaking music. and that does not come
along too often.

Lou Reed has been known as the god-
father of punk since he and the Velvet
Underground hit the scene in the late (10's.
but for the first time since the Velvet's Load»
f‘tf l.l’ he's staked out .i new ground and
slirikt'tl his nagging image The fifth: Mask
sui's fitted It’rlt liriig tr iron tontrd uratuiity.
reflected til the iliirtrn and wit of his lyrics
and vocals. and the Velvi-t's like intensity
and solitude of the arrangements. The
album it'ritls likt! a classu‘ novel. and The
Blue Musk should assure Reed's place as
one of Rock's most literary and perceptive
reulists.

Running down the remaining top ten in
order: Springsteen has always been my
personal favorite. and my faith is reaffirm<
at with Nebraska. a bold aird start por-
trat.‘ of some troubled times; Richard Hell
and the Voidotds get comeback of the year
and for pure rock and punk energy
Destiny Street is unbeatable; R.E.M.
reaches backwards and forwards for an Ins-
tant time capsule of American Pop Music;
the English Beat. released recently. have
an irrepressible sound. rich iii depth. soul.
and gorgeous singing; although lacking a
bit on side twu. X rerriains one of the five

 

 

The Message Of 1982

best in America. and Exene's voice arrc.
their lyrics continue to grow; this year it's D
Train who best capture black pop's
cbullience and optimism with two corr-
secutive smash singles: Albany's Hudson
Rock. although not a great album. is bet-
ter than good and an important representa-
tion of our town's musical talent, and will
hopefully spread the word nationally; and
finally Tom Robinson has one of the most ,
touching voices today. and the gray im-
agery evoked from the German production
fits in very well with Robinson's political
and social thoughtfulness.

American music continues to flourish.
sans the help of major record labels and
commercial and most college radio. it's a
tribute to the spirit and determination of the
music that artists are still making good
music without the hope of ever making a
buck. it constantly happens that once a
band does make its mark on the American
charts. the next release most probably will
be of lesser quality (The Clash being the
best and saddest example). The contradic»
tiorr here is painful; every hand wants to
make some money and receive critical ac—
ceptance, but once the former takes place
boredom and complacency tend to set in.
and originality and rebellion tend to fade
out. Then it's time for another band to take
over the latter spot. and the cycle con-
tlnues. it's that elusive balance between in-
tegrity and profit (needed by both artists
and business) that must be reached if the
force of music arid the force of youth are
ever to be reunited.

Top 10 of 1982

l)Grnndmaster

Message"

2)Lou Reed—The Blue Mask

3)Bruce Springsteen—Nebraska

4)Richard Hell and the

Voidoids—Destiny Street

5)'R.E.M. - Chronic Town

6)English Beat—Special Beat Scr-

trlcc

7)X—Under the Big Black Sun

8)D Train— "You're the One For Me"

"Keep On"

3)Albany Compilation—Hudson
oc

10)Tom Robinson-North By Nor-

thwest

Flash—“The

The Rest

ll)Richard and Linda Thomp-
son—Shoot Out the Lights
12)Hualter Duo - “ln A Free Land"
l3)'l‘h¢ Individuals-Fields
l4)M-rohnll Crenuh-w—Marahalo
Crenahaw

15)Tllldng Heads-The Name of
the Band is Talking Heads
16)V|riouI-Okeh Western Swing
l7)Minor Threat—Minor Threat
18)ABC— The Lexicon of Love
l9)Feurlell Four~ “Rockln' lt"
20)Peta Shelley—Homouaplen

 

 

amian’s Game

his is not going to be easy When

I i try to think back to January and

remember what i was doing. is.

alone the music that was being played ,u

that time. my mind immediately blurs iii.»

year and the music Into a really ugly inn-,5

Be that as it may. i will try irry iri-si m

remember what was the most lllCititrtitltlt'
1mm;

Damian VanDenburgh
mamas. in... it by
happy endings. l‘ll start with the p. ~iit\t'
things first.

Oh crud. this will not work either 1.”
ting with good or bad will not it 
things. l'm faced with the I'L’SDtlihiliil“ .i
trying to encapsule an entire yt'at's r rim.
of music into one single article (‘an ' im
done so that i am satisfied with the ir'-- ii:.'
Better yet. so that you reading '.‘.i. w
satisfied with what I'm satisfied lry‘

Ahl Therein lies the pt‘tilrli'rri
preference and personal satisfaction i u.
only answer for myself in this any i.' i
cannot answer for you. Even in the .
pilation process 1 may inadvertently it.» .. .r
a record or single that changed your 

(presumably temporarily) In fact. ii it..
not be a matter of discarding or overt. . i
lng — it Could boil down ltr .r cast' of 3'

solute Ignorance. Nurrreious band. r.
they Jazz. punk or rock. have escaped i...
completely. How can i possibly go til‘iiit‘
mentioning a band or individual whom i 
never heard beforel?

A minor fanfare begins to be heard its llit
scarf Is pulled away from the hollow
sculpture squatting on the printed [mgr
before you. Ta Dal l)airn.ri
VanDenburgh's 1982 List of Ultltt‘olt:
Albums is about to be revealed to your rm
suspecting eyes:

])King Crimson - Once Beaten.
Twice Shy

Crirnson's follow up to Discipim.
O.B.T.S. tells the story of air obsessed HIV
and his drive to rrrake his group our of rim
top live bands of 1982. A wmk tout:
album that starts in a car “Bob, Torus l2
aird l" and ends with a funeral tllttji’ at'
funeral of the baird leader. "l'iippini " it.
ter luck next tirrre. guys.

2) Bruce Springsteen -- Masai-11w
qua

Springsteen's strongest dist it"
Massapequa is a cross section of 1!. r'
notorious area out on Long island and '
people. The heartaches of growing up lit i.
the romance of frigid women and the bran
refusal to give up headbands are the st: in-
spun out on this sprawling L’Dlt’ itlltlil.i
which Springsteen himself researched ll:
claims it was the hardest work he's tlttlit
and it shows on this albumfliravo firth -'

3) Olivia Newton-John — Mental

Olivia's most personal work to date. ll.i
one and a half minute sitrgle deals with Iii-I

dealing with her life. The heart tending vi

lyrics of the chorus say it all. “What?l/l
don't understand what/you just
said/Could you repeat that?" How
honest. A video presentation makes the
song even more poignant. showing a
troubled Olivia as she tries crossing the
street. and is eventually run over by a gar-
bage truck. We feel for her on this cut
because It's so true to ourselves. A
breakthrough for Olivia.

4) Pete Town-hand - All the Beat
Musicians Used To Be in the Who

Before the Who’s final tour kicked off.
l’ete Townsbend released this. his third
alo work. "All the Best. . ." features the
~trongest playing and singing Townshend
has done since being in the Who. yet the
~trong personal lyrics are not sacrificed for
“rat. On this album we fttrd out how old
l'ete ls. his shoe size. his favorite colors. his
‘rvtrrite brand of toilet paper. how badly his
~‘rirts smell after a concert. the length of his
‘ ise and wiry he is the best songwriter and
.irtarist iii the twentieth century. A must
'ir lovers of perfect music and lyrics.

5) Chicago — 263

To see if anyone was stll paying atten-
' ill.

(r) Fieetwood Mac - Hallucina-
tion

Christine Mche's hit single "Help Me!
it ade my year. Many was the time during
mose months of my nervous breakdown
It at those haunting lyrics “l live jsut around
we corner/or . ,. wait maybe It's that
tire/f can't remember now" came back
l.'i(l let me know that i wasn't alone in my
i“.ght. Also poignant is Stevie Nick's lilting
iiillad "Tipsy" - the story of an alcoholic
drag queen who wears lace table cloths
titer velvet drapes. A sunny. California
«fund puts this on my list for the year.

7) Asia — Asia

This batrd's original name was Des
Moines. but they thought they should have
.r more exotic sound - What's in a name?
fwd besides. there are nrore people in Asia
1.2m Des Moines (Don't ask me —— l was
. .t up to mentioning this one by their
v rnagers.)

in round off my list. ['1] mention two
vgles that when i hear them. rekindle my
 ‘ived nieiirores of 1982.

4) Soft Cell - “Tainted Gloves"

l'his catchy. off-beat single was one of
:i.. most popular singles of 1982 despite its
i .'.irre theme — love in a urology labl

iii) The Clashmatics — “Rock the
Butcher Baby"

dandy Jo Strummer tells the plight of a
woman trying to tend to her child in a crib
illllC mainatining her level of job perfor»
ti. nice at the local slaughter house. A
ri.iiky but moving single.

Well that wraps up the year. Hope you
:2. unjoyed It as much as i didn't. Happy
ll :lidays? l.l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

-1-

 

' t
.

 

 

Pop— Pop— Pop Music

sually. when it gets to be the end

I I of a year. I have very little trouble

deciding on my ten best aml

worst records. 1082 presents a bit of air

enigma. it seems almost like someone

chopped off the extremes. leaving a large

selection of rather bland tillilitliii. Despite

this. we were treated to some It'itl gems
.riiid'srtbiectito soirlerretiljunk in l‘Jh‘Z.

Robert Schneider

This ybar_willﬂble r'erri'enrlreretl as—aleaii
one. especially by most record companies.
Poor sales and home tapiirg have really
bruised profits. and many layoffs occured,
During all this gloom. some new artists
along with the old pros managed to shine
through. while others embarrassed
themselves. This brings us to the ten best
and ten worst. i feel i should explaitr a few
things first: i looked at all the musical hap-
penings that i could. so there aren't oiin
records on the lists. I also have trouble
tanking things. Two consecutive rankings
could easily switch places without changing
much. Well. here goes~

The Ten “L'Si Musictil Happenings of
1982

l.Paul McCartney —Tug of War--
Paul. With this masterpiece. did what very
few thought he could-- he reversed his swift
decline. After the pitiful McCartney If.
many suggested an enforced retirement for
old Paulie. Something changed him.
though. It may have been ilUllIi Lennon's
death or any number of things. Whatever it
was. the fact remains that this is perhaps
the best album he's Worked on since 1.0! It
fit}. l'liglrlights include a beautiful llllt’ track.
along with it Vt'iy moving tribute to John.
"llere 'l‘oday". The whole album shows
that Paul is still a genius for
though. he didn‘t try to nrtrkn it on his
reputation. and helu'vr' Iltt‘ it worked

11 Elton John at Mtulisnn Square
Garden 8-6-82 f'n-irmtclv the best
show l saw llri‘r year. it had l.lltlli displaying
an enthusiastic brilliant r to rib or sttrtrt
llu slttru't'tl lIiiii‘vt'll to be a tlitt'

tiilt't"

crowd
guy. too it was t’xtit'iiri'ly riioi'iirg \'.ll«‘ii lll‘
played his tribute to Lennon. "limpty
Garden" to a silent. l‘rittltllt'lll building The
sound level went through llll' roof after the
song when Yoko and Sean Lennon wiillc
ed onto the stage. All iii all. an excellent.
deeply satisfying performance. '

3. Men at Work —Bu:iiiness As
Usual-- one of the most impressive debut
albums l've ever heard. it boasts a reggae
background without becoming obsessed
with it. Colin l‘lay's unique vocals blend iir
'superbly with Greg | lam's sax and flute ex-
pertise. They've found the right formula for
critical acclaim along with a tremendous
reception from the general public. Few are
capable of that

ll. Joe Jackson— Night and Day--

 

 

in the past. Jackson has been able to put
together innovative albums. to a decent
reception This time. he's surprised many
who suggested that he's no longer any kind
of draw There were very few better coir-
striii‘tt-d rut ottls‘ this year. He covers a lot
of ground with this one. from the "\Vlittti'
sical" "(‘aricer" to the. (lL’ﬂtl-M’i'lnllﬁ “Real
Men". He should really be proud of this
t'et‘rrrd.

5 The Stray Catn— Built For
$peed-~ I can't wat for this show. These
guys have managed to do what many.
from Robert Gordon in The Fabulous
’l'burrrlerbirds. have tried and failed at.
They've taken simple. pure. Rock and Roll
and taken it out of the bars and onto the
charts. Right now. they're close to the
number one spot on said charts. UCB
should be commended on snaring the
Cats. Doug Kaban told me we booked
them for half what they command now.

i) Music Telculaion (MTV)~< It
came out in '81. but i didn't have it.
therefore it ditin't exist. It's evolver from
being it passch rrrediutn to being tr casual
agent iir music. as artists are now being
judged not only on the songs. but also on
llit' videos Best Videos» Billy .ltiel's
"Pressure", Peter Gabriel's “Shock the
Monkey". Worst Videos» anything by
ltl{(). .liiurirey, or .38 Special

7 Synthesizer Dominance This is a
lit'iitl. rather than a specific album. 1082
saw the real growth of futuristic. moody
synthesizer music. most notable by The
Human League. A Flock of Seagulls, Soft
Cell and Orchestral Manoeuvres hi the
Dark it's a really pioirrising. exciting trend.
but it remains to be seen whether it is it
passing shadow trt something of longrteiin
substance

b' Graham Parktrr— Another Gray

Arca- when Parker first skirted out. he
unpii'sst'd many with his fier’t'u. emotional
vocals and irrrtsiral superiority Tht'rr
followi'il .r “Wind of dot line. when he took
litinsrll .i lilllt‘ too seriously Another
Grrry Areu ii" ru'rl l'nkor | .wpr't lttlltli
‘ilw ‘tlmnklt'sw l'rtsk‘. .rltriigv.‘Ith "l'i'nr

imitrii, limitiiy" tlllil "\‘oir llit tlii- Kilitil'l l
iitlltt‘lltt’ rr«'\t ll’ rs.rsgtrrrd

‘l Donald l’ngen —‘l'htr Niglltl’ly
flru pop i.‘ "I t} Y " may lltltt iri.rrrv oil to
flit» cu |'lll‘ltl solo t'floit l'tltit‘ll litrn inowtl
irtr tlfll‘l Steely Dan. as lrt' t’\.nriirrus the
tirir~pl.rci-d optimism of his youth Try to
iatrh “(inn-n l-‘lower Street" as wolf as
"New l:l't)|lll('l"'. You won't be dissa-
pointed.

it). Musical Youth — The Youth of
Torlay-- This is a very. very recent
release. The only thing that's well known
about them in the US. is "Pass the Dut-
chie". Tire band members are only bet-
ween eleven and sixteen. but they play
beautifully. Their reggae sound is taking
England by storm. and you'll be lrearlng a
'ot frolrr and about them after the new
year. This I’t't‘ttltl is solid through and
through.

 

 

The Worst Musical Happenings o/ f‘)r‘i.’/.‘

i Blondie at the Meadowlandar
ri-14-62- Unbelievable Opening acts
)avrii .foliansorr and Duran Duran were
decent. but the sound was awful Blondie
oozed onto the stage and the rest was
history Debbie Harry moved and sang as if
she was either wasted or constipated. The
people in the front row were either asleep
or frozen ttr death. The air corrditiontng
tirade it feel like you were naked outside in
Siberia in January. I'd love to ktrow how
long it lasted. but i was hospitalized for
nausea and frostbite.

2. Motley Crue — Too Fast For
Love“ These guys obviously have never
heard of Kiss. They've managed to blend
Heavy Metal chainsaw music with a Kiss-
style image. What's more. they don't even
have the decency to cover their faces. like
l\'irrs did. This rrrakes the perfect gift. for
those folks yirir'ld love to give something
o. A classic.

Ii. Frank and Moon Zappa “Valley
Girl"- As was the case with “Dancing
l‘ool". this song was adored by the very
people if ridiculed. Does that tell you
something. l'lrairk.J All summer long. we
won.- |)l“rlt.’l\’tl by everyone and his cousin
saying things like “'l'oeeeetalleee!" aird
“(Tag me wtth .r spoon!" This awful song
and its aftermath were agonizing. to say the
least Gag me with a shovel!

ll Survivor — Eye of the Tiger--
Another summertime pest. at one point it
was on four different radio stations at the
same time. ifcbh! If this crap hadn't been
paired with a lrii movie. it would have been
mercifully buried I hope this band throws
in the towel and retires on the royalties. Ac-
tually. they'll probably release a triple
alburu.

h. Ozzy Ozhourne - Speak of the
Devil Iliu lxriig of l lype \tas hard at work
his i.'i'.ii biting riff on :t we the llr'rltl'r oi
'vi|illlir'l* thicken-3. tiil."tl~- r'lt l)\'lllill"r
that's \xhi' llt' tint-mug up or. llll' «'IIVI’l r\
lii'rtiiiillll allrrnn. il |Iitr\‘t'tl lllt' llri brim-.1
'Ilti. [it’llllili\ he'll tltt us a favor and trit.

tlf lii- own lrt'.itl.

h llI‘lt'lt \At'lit‘t'la l'ratid Postmodern
Living- llll' press kit for this «is sung l'l’ in
as llllt it as .r int'ilit‘al lt'KllttIt)l(. l was look
iirg forward to listening to it. lrtit after two
songs i kicked in my speakers. To lllilll’l‘ﬁ‘
.riid llt’lL’ll. picture .lorrn .lett ten times
louder and more obnoxious. Furthermore.
at least .fett has some talent. The same
can't be said for Wheels.

7. Adam Ant - Friend or Foe»
"Goody Two Shoes" aside. this album is
jtist a tired remake of last year's passable
Airt music. Poor Jim Morrison. He just got
over Blue Oyster Cult's “Roadhouse
Blues". when Adam comes along and
ruins "l lt‘.ll(). I Love You". l'Vt‘ never heard
trumpets so badly irr-rnglud. and the Lll'ltiti'
tiring is migraine producing.

9- 

water-

 

 

 

«a

   

   

. . .c.  ...c.....'.._.

 

