 

 

.k... _.

“~_.

..,__.-—-......—-w ..

us)"

%

 

we... n.m.  new“... 

   

New leads In Tylenol case

(AP) A task force hunting a "random mariti‘e‘ig'a'wllii;
killed seven people by placing cyanide in Extra-Strength

‘ Tylenol capsules is following up several "very
substantial" leads. authorities say.

lllinois Attorney General Tyrone Fahner said at a news
conference Sunday night that the task force has at least
two dozen suspects, including "malcontents.. and wier-
dos who don't act right or did something extremely out of
the ordinary."

We're trying to understand what kind of person could
do these things." said Fahner. the chief of a state-federal
task force with more than I00 investigators looking into
the string of deaths. “It is an act of a random murderer
who ﬁlled the capsules with cyanide and them place them
in the stores." he said.

One of the “very substantial" leads. Fahner said. was
the news that two Kane County sheriff's deputies found
Tylenol bottles and capsules strewn in a suburban motel
parking lot Tuesday. one day before the deaths began.

Balloon blast kills four

Albuquerque. NM.
(AP) Passengers in a hot-air balloon were about to “ap-
plaud a good landing" when the craft suddenly exploded
in ﬂames and shot Skyward. and four people aboard
pltrmmcted to their deaths. Five Others were injured. . .

“Jump. it's going to blowi" Thomas Speer. 43, said he
shouted to his fellow paSsengers an instant before tlte
blast Sunday dtrring the llth annual Albuquerque Inter-
national Balloon 'Flesta.

The ﬁve people injured included pilot Joe Gonzales of
Albuquerque, who was hurled from the gondola when
the ﬁre caused one of the propane tanks aboard to errupt
in sizzling flames.

Gonzales was bringing the balloon, called the El Globo
Grande, gently to Earth at 9:30 n.m. when leaking pro-
pane vaports apparently ignited the wicker gondola.

The balloon. which was carrying nine people, exploded.
and four passenger jumped out at or near ground level.
witnesses said. The balloon. free of the weight. shot
Skyward. and four others jumped or fell to their deaths

from heights of up to 200 feet.

China and Russia to meet

. Peking
(AP) After a break of almost three years. representatives
of China and the Soviet Union today prepared to hold ex-
ploratory talks on improving strained relations between
the two communist rivals.

Soviet Deputy Foreign Minister Leonid F. llyichev ar-
rived Sunday with a small delegation for consultations
that will begin Tuesday..foreign diplomatic sources said.
The arrival was not announced in the state-run Chinese
press.

Chinese. Soviet and foreign diplomatice sources have
emphasized that the talks are the first step in resuming a
dialogue between the two countries and are not expected
to yield anything substantial.

They are neither normalization nor border talks.
foreign sources say. but the Soviet side is expected to urge
resumption of both. A

It is the ﬁrst high-level contact between China and the
Soviet Union since normalization talks in Moscow in
I979, when llyichev headed the Soviet side. China broke
off these talks after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in
December I979. Border talks last were held in Peking in
June l978.

Jets bomb Syrian missiles

I Jerusalem
(AP) israelt wa'rpianes attacked and destroyed a Syrian
anti-aircraft missile battery in Lebanon today. the
military command announced.

The air strikes, the ﬁrst in three weeks. came a day after
six israeli soldiers were killed and 22 Were wounded in an
.rmbush of a troop-carrying bits in Alcy. l0 miles errst of
licirut. it is not known who the tunbuslrcrs were btrt the
attack was near Syrian-held territory.

Tire military command said all Israeli planes returned
safely after destroying the mobile SAM-9 missile launcher
at Dahtir el-Iiuida. rougirly 20 miles east of the chttttcsc
capital.

isracl is determined. the announcement said. “not to
allow the Syrians to bring anti-aircraft batteries into
Lebhanon."

Lebanon prime minister stays

Beirut, Lebanon

(AP) President Amln Gemaycl today asked Shafik Waz-

 

 

   
 

Kremer at upcoming forum

Democratic Assembly Arthur J. Kremer. chairman of
the powerful Ways and Means Committee will speak at
the Rockefeller Forums on_Tuesday. October 5 at 1:00
n.m. in the Assembly Hall in the uptown Campus Center.
Kremer plays a major role in the state's budgetary pro-
cess, deciding where billions of dollars will be spent, in-
cluding budgets for the State University. Next week's
forum is free and open to the public and all are encourag-
ed to attend. For further information call Matthew
Maguire at 457-490I.

Minimum Sum Colloquium

The next statistics colloquium entitled “Minimum Sum
of Absolute Errors Regression" will be given by Subhash
Narisha of Rensselae'r Polytecitnlc institute tomorrow at
3:30 in the Earth Science building, room I40.

The coliuqtrlum is free and open to the public.

Greek poetry spotlighted

The English Dcparmtcnt is sponsoring a lecture by Dr.
Edmund Keeley. creative writing director at Princeton
this Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Humanities Lounge.

 

 

Keely will be speaking on Contemporary Greek Poets
and translation. Admission is free.

 

 

Senate fellowship offered

The State Senate will offer one Richard J. Roth Jour-
nalism Fellowship for the period January 5 through
December 28, 1983. to an outstanding graduate student
intending a career in journalism. The stipend is SIS 800
for the year. '

The deadline for applications for the Session Assistants
Program and the Richard J. Roth Journalism Fellowship
is October is. I982. Contact Joseph Zimmerman at
457-4785 for more information.

mpusbriﬁ
0..    _ 3

Graduate aid available

The SUNYA Benevolent Association is providing 15
fellowships of up to $500 for students working on the
master's thesis. or doctoral dissertation.

The awards are designed to defray research expenses
and supply costs. The deadline for applications is October
l5. More information can be had by calling Cathy Ortega.
457-7558.

Pianist to start series

Pianist Findlay Coekrcll will present a series 01' “Noon
Concerts" in the Recital Hall of the Performing Am
Center of the University at Albany every Thursday. begin.
tiing October 7 and ending November l8.

There is no admission charge and the prrbiic is invited to
attend. For more information call 457-8280.

Also scheduled to appear on campus this week art the
Performing Arts Center is the classical guitarist. Druid
Tanenbaum. He will play Friday. at 8 p.m.

For ticket information. call 457-8606.

, Writing director to speak

Edward Jennings, the director of the SUNYA grrrdurrtc
writing program. will be giving a workshop on writing
science fiction this Thursday at to n.m. at the Allmur
Public Library. '

The meeting will take place in Conference Rootri l and
there is no admission charge. '

Leave and learn

It you are interested in studying in another country. liv-
ing and learning in a different cultural setting, SUNYA
offers a wide variety of programs in several countries. The
office of international Programs, ULB 36. will conduct a
Smezzllilnteresti Meeting Thursday. October I4. 7:00-9:00

. . uman ties 3 . ‘ 4 '
Deborah Hovcy 457‘85647sFor further information contid

 

OCTOBER 5. [982 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Wattenmaker reports from Nicaraguan taur

 

By Ken Olsen

Candidate for the U.S. Senate on the Socialist Workers
ticket. Steve Wattenmaker. held a slide show and discus-
sion last night oti “the continuing U.S. attempts to
destabilize the Sandinistan government in Nicaragua." '

Addressing a sparse but interested audience. Watten-
maker rclated the details ofu fact finding mission ltc under-
took this past summer.

Sponsored by the socialist newspapers. The Militant and
Pcrspectivn Munrliul. Wattcnmukcr and approximately 30
other trade unionists from across the United States found
that the American media coverage of Nicaragua and its
problcrtrs was at best incomplete. and in most cases grossly
inaccurate.

Prior to their two week fact-finding tour. the group had
read reports on u Nicaraguan people that were “disillusion-
cd with tltc revolutionary government. Businessmen wanted
a return to the good old days." said Wattenmukcr. Native
Intiiun tribcs. sticlr us the Miskitus. were supposedly being
"repressed urid forcibly transported to refugee camps."
(.‘tlhllll influence was allegedly dangerously high.

Wattcnmrtker proclaimed that “the opposite was occurr-
ing" in all these cases. Tltc population (especially the poor)
was “overwhelmingly supportive of the revolutionary
government." Aii optimistic look to the future was far
more corrimon than any reactionary sentiment. and what
limited Cuburt inﬂuence was fourid in the country was be-
ing directed to constrtrctive projects. 'i‘he'conception of
repressed Indians is also unfounded, \Vattcnmakcr said.

Relocation of tribes has occurred. but it has been a
necessity due to the fact that the Indian villages were
undergoing ":iltnost nightly raids" in which Honduran
soldiers. accompanied by former Somozun National
(itlttt'tismcli, terrorized tire native Indians.

Writtenmukcr pointed out that “The U.S. government is

 

 

 

 

“ ‘ " ‘ Workers candl‘ ‘ Stave Wattenma'
Nicarugmzns support revolutionary government.
now allocating $l9 million to destabili/c the governmcnt of
Nicaragua.“ He cited a CIA-backed. July 1‘). I‘)li2 Hori-
tlttran attempt to botnb Nicarttgtiu‘s only oil depot. art act
that would linve killed thousands of innocent civilians if it
had been sucessfui.

The governriicrrt that the Reagan utirrrinistrntion scents
intent oti toppling has made great advances. and Watten-

maker notes that the destabilization efforts are not deterr-
ing the pcOpIe of Nicaragua. Peasants have told him that
“life has changed."

“A cooperative effort is being made to develop the coun.
try based on the needs of the poor." Wattcnmaker
asserted. Government stores have been set up to insure that
no one goes hungry." Gone are "the misery. fear. and
hopelessness" that prevailed under Anastasia Somoza's
regime.

The cooperative effort seems to be working. Watten-
maker related details of itnprovcments in education.
medicine. housing. anti culture. The Sandinista revolti-
tionary government seized power in I979. and many great
strives forward have been made since them.

A literacy campaign. in which 60.000 Nicaraguaus
volunteered to help teach l.5 million to read and write. has
lowered the illiteracy rate from 50.2 percent in I979 to I2.l
percent in 1982. Vaccination and inocculation programs
ltavc drastically reduced malaria and other diseases.
Nicurugua‘s first major hospital has just rccetttly ben corti-
plcted. Attempts are being made to preserve the culture and
language of the ntttivc lntlittir tribes. and cultural events as
a whole 'dIL‘ increasing.

thttciiinttkcr warned that great obstacles remain for the
Nicaraguan people as destabilization efforts continue.
Most of the revolutionary government lenders are young.
and \Viittcnmuker rccullcd meeting “13. I4. and 15 year-
oltl rriilitiumcn" who had volrrntecrcd to guard the lion-
durun border llllti repcl attacks from hostile invaders.

May l‘)tl2 brought the worst flood iii the country's
history. leaving the nation to cope with a quarter billion in
damages. Yet. the Nicaraguan people are “full of hope."
said \Vuttenrnukcr. “They feel they are now in a transition
period. which will eventually bring tltcrrt into a socialist
gm‘etnnicttt in which human needs will be placed before the
desires of a few." I l

 

Anthropology club to meet

The Anthropology Club will be having an interest
meeting on Thursday October 7th at 5:30 in CC 373. All
interested undergraduates -are invited to attend.

 

 

 

 

zan. who served as prime minister under former President
Elias Sarkis. to take up the same post and form a new
government. state radio reported.

Wazzan said he would accept the offer.

"Once again i am given the honor of serving my coun-
try especially at such a critical stage." Wazzan said in an
announcement at the Baabda presidential palace where he
met wrth Gemayel and Parliament speaker Kamei Assad

The Mosiem prime minister was a prime intermediary iii
U.S. efforts to get the Palestine Liberation Organization
out of Beirut following a prolonged Israeli siege.

Reagan defends policies

. Co/irmb '
(AP) Prcsrdcnt Reagan. campaigning for Republikifinetliiij
drdates in the economically troubled Midwest today ham-
mered away at past economic policies and 'bitlilicd bi
tree-spending government for high unemployment g,
Reagan. sounding a GOP campaign titcriic iold a
veterans‘ meeting that he will “stay on this coiirs " '
economic policy. I m
“'Maybe the people of Oitio don't have all the'-
statistics at their fingertips." he said, "but like mo:
Americans. they know what got us into this economi'
messhwhat caused inflation and uneruployrnent' rove- L
inth is too big and it spends too rnncli money ‘I‘L m‘
Reagan flew to Columbus for it four-hour ctttrii'i'r
swtttg primarily to benefit Rep. Clarence llrowu w'l‘ unn-
crrr'rymg the Republican banner iii the race to sue" n ioim
GOP governor. .lumes Rhodes. V W“ ! w

Kinks in evacuation plan

' West/Hilts! '

(AP) it may itave looked good on paper. but a wefcfkcyii
trial run of the federal government’s nuclear ernergcnn'
evacuation plan demonstrated there are more tha W
problems to work out. n a few

Confusion and exasperation reigned as about 100 Con

u m...
“nu ..

 

 

lric’eglt(tc;itt rﬁsidcnttls came to Vermont to get a ﬁrst-burnt
w ere t ey would be sheltered ‘ i
in the 1
nuclear war. cm“ 0‘ I
cvgzg‘amzers  the inefficiency of the federal plan run
even e ore the evacuees arr' ’
tv - '
towns. ed rrt iiiLil hmt
it ' '
m tThis morning the traffic was so heavy on Route til
min" we couldn t imagine how we would possibly get \tl
D:miylpcople up here during an evacuation,” said Murlu
or. ’ ens: a Voluntown. Conn.. resident who helpcd
grautzc'the mock disaster drill on Saturday.
that I]: i‘i’lldi drills were organized by anti-nuclear groutn
mcm'a cl expressed skepttctsm over the federal govern-
coums pan to transplant people form one part of the
war ry to a iriore safer section int the event of Illit‘it'dl

GOP differs on Cuomo

. .‘l/lmniv, N )2
f3§i$cpumicim gubernatorial candidate Lewis icln rn.ru
. 5 “""mltl "11th James Emery corrtimrcd to sine dil
‘crlgmflmcs Monday ttbotrt Lt. Gov. Mario Cuomo,
"céslfr’y‘rfi‘f  Ass0mth minority leader. sitiitt'ti .r
C I u ” um“ “I the Sim" Cilititol at which he ilk‘L'l|‘~t'li
hiymluf "1c I).°”““’~'ruiic gubernatorial candidate, rrl uot
V mi, .tttcnticd important meetings between (tor. Iirn-lr
Carey and the leaders of the slide Legislature. L

“In” “I” you. lie Cuomo wasn‘t there " suitl iilllt'i) III
mimilmgi between ("'ny (Ind the lctidcrs:
Mutt:ritﬁfi’tkcf“"lllcllls seemed to ccito the “he ibis no
uubc‘ Isl. s make against Cuomo in the i)t'llltlt'ittilt
M rnatortul primary cntnpttign by New york (-m.

ill-{0r lidwurd Koch. Koch lost that primary to (.‘noirio.
KOCEWi'Zﬁrr‘mWMF Emery seemed to be agreeing with
neuwhuht on" "‘5 bum busy doing his best at link the
“A” or: :catzlor to the Carey administration.
week .n swam“ g" I have a record." said Cuomo last
“cs nl 3“ Wines about Lelirnian's campaign tuc~
' we“ ""thh a Primary withorrt one."

 

Man denied suit against day care center

 

By Debbie Judge
sou-r ll'RlI'ER

Last spring. John Koethen of Wintiirop
Sb. Albany. was refused his claim against
Pierce Hall Day Care Center in Albany City
Court dtte to an apparent technicality.
Koctlicn. however. maintains it was
discrimination. v

The small—claims suit involved Koctlicri’s
five and a half year-old daughter. Nora.
who was enrolled at Pierce Hall. Because
he does not have legal custody. ccntcr per-
sonnel would not allow Koetlren to pick up
his daughter on Friday afternoons when.
Koctlicn said. he had been granted visita-

Lucrative video games

National phenomenon

Lexington. KY
(CPS) College officials have found video
games extremely lucrative. in an average
campus arcade. each game can rake in
$200—$300 :1 week. according to various
estimates.

At the University of Arizona, students
plunked in over one million quarters —
some $280.00 —— at the Its-game arcade in
the University Center. The school’s profit
was $150,000.

Texas Tech. which converted a meeting
room into an arcade two years ago. ttow has
75 games that bring in $300,000 a year.

The Universities of Illinois. Washington.
Cincinnati anti Tennessee. to name a few.
also report ﬁscal success with the machines.

Some psychologists have even warned the
games can foster anti-social behavior'—
from increased violence to alienation and
witltdrawai —— among children who play
them excessively. One expert claims the col-
orfrrl anti pulsating lights on game boards
can pitch players into seizures. counts and
cardiac arrest.

Brownsville. Texas officials recently
complained teenagers are sniffing prtinted
quarters to get high at local video game ar-

cuties.

liut so far, none of the tlozcns of colleges
that have installed the games has reported
such side effects. in fact. some college
union officials claim the games are good
outlets for student stress.

tion rights. Koethen is sueing the center for
the cost of its services - $95.75.

“He was in the wrong court." Peter
Looniis. Pierce l-lall Day Care Center's at-
torney. said. pointing out that the issue was
one of custody which should properly be
settled in family court. Lootnis said he lrad
suggested this to Judge John Ttrrricr during
his and Koctlicn's “two minutes" in court.
The judge agreed. refusing to hear the case.
"In my mind." Loornis said. “he
(Kocthev‘) didn’t appreciate the fact that lie
was iii the wrong court." Koctlicn said
later that he did not take the case to family
court because he saw his case as one of con-

 

Campuu Center Game Room
Grosses about 560.000 (1 year.

There's also sotne evidence the games are
actually good for players.

A California physician. for one. says the
games keep kids active and alert. as oppos-
ed to watching television. a passive activity.
Optometrist Johtr Rogers prescribes vidco
gariies to children with coordination pro-
blems. cluiruing the games can improve
hand-eye coordination.

The games don't lend to stealiitg. truancy
or drinking. either. says i]. David Brooks. a
juvenile crime consultant who has studied
the games‘ effects on children. Fl

tract law over which family court has no
jurisdiction.

Kocthcn. who is also involved in the
“Equal Rights for Fathers" movement,
points to his difficulty as discrimination
against non-custodial parents. Several
other divorcecs ~ women as well as then -
ltuve had similar problems. Ire said.
Koctlicn. however, decided to go pttblie in
pursuing his case against what he termed
“tire edge of the wedge" ofdiscrimination.
lie posted opcn letters in tire urea. and sent
his protest to several newspapers. including
The Times Union. Knickerbocker News.
The New York Titties. and the ASP. He

also directed copies to The New York State
Commission on Judicial Conduct. the
Committee on Professional Standards. the
Ofﬁce of the SUNY Chancellor. and
SUNYA President Vincent O‘Lcary.

In the letters Koethen protested Judge
Turner’s refusal to hear the case. arguing
that “tion-custodial parents must have the

same rightii as any citizen to seek justice in .

Albany's city court." in addition. he
discredited Attorney Dennis Acton. a
l’icrcc liall ptrrcrit who was providing the
day care center with legal counsel. as using
"lies and threats" in a board meeting incl-

9»

booming on campus

SUNYA has its own video game addicts

By Denise Knight

It's a multi-biliiort dollar a year
phenomenon and growing bigger every day.
And at SUNYA. the lines are long and
Crowds are large as anxious patrons wait to
feed quarters into noisy electronic machines
that test their skills and challenge their pro-
ficiency. in the campus center Game Room.

Currently boasting 21 games. including
Donkey Kong. Centipede, Pee-man,
Caveman. and a host of pin-ball machines.
the Game Room is ti haven for video-game
fanatics. Located on the first ﬂoor of the
Campus Center. the Game Room is now in
its cigth year of Operation. according to
manager Nelson Swart of UAS.

“The games we have are leased to us
from the Lewis Amusement Company in
Troy." Swart explained. adding that “the
proceeds are split 50/50 between the leasing
company and the UAS." Business is boom-
ing. arid ttltlrouglt Swurt didn‘t have an ex-
act amount, be estimated last year‘s intake
at “somewhere iii the neighborhood of
$60,000."

Utrdcr the five-year lease agreement.
Lewis Amusement is responsible for
machine repair anti maintenance.

On a typicrti afternoon. the room, which
seems to attract more men than women, is
tilivc and thriving. us the machines kccp
swallowing quarters from people looking
for it temporary diversion.

“Actually, it‘s tt good way to unwind."
said Jill Lenard. a self proclaimed video;
game addict who "spends ten dollars a
week. at least." on her habit. “We come
here after classes to relax.“ she said.
Natalie Lipnick agreed. “The Game
Room offers a change away from the ten-
sion of classes. Even though the games can
get tense. it's a different kind of tension."
she explained. adding that her weekly game
expenditures average around five dollars.

Phillip Chonigman, who also calls
himself a I‘addict". spends about a dollar a
day. “A quarter can but you a lot of play-
ing time if you’re having a good day." he
said. Chonigman added that sometimes
there are long waiting lines for some of the
games and said that he’d like to see the new
"Tron" game installed.

According to Swurt. the leasing company
is currently attempting to secure it “Ms.
Pac-mtin" game as wcll as some others.
“Ms. l’ac-man is on order. but they’ve been
having trouble getting it." he explains.

Currently, Donkey Kong scents to have
edged out Fae-man and Centipede iii
popularity.“Anytime a new game comes
out." Swurt says. "for the first six months
or so. they do extremely well. But i think
that eventually you‘ll see the piriballs pick
rip again. The popularity seems to go‘in
cycles. but I think they‘ll be back tip

again." D

 

