._._4 M... _

 

  

Reagan reveals MX plans

Washlnglon. D.C.
(AP) Wielding both stick and carrot. President Reagan pro-
posed Monday to deploy the huge Mx missile in a string of
Wyoming silos. then invited the Soviet Union to take
several joint steps to abate fears of an accidental ttticlear
war.
“it still takes weapons to prevent war." Reagan said of
his option for the so-called dense-pack deployment of the
MX, a missile he rechristened "the Peacekeeper." But he
declared “The United States wants deep cuts in the world's
arsenal of weapons."

The president proposed that the superpowers begirt tliat
process with a concerted attempt to preclude the possibility
of accidental conflict. 0n tltat score, he proposed they tell
each other in advance of platts to test intercontinental
missiles or launch major military exercises, and suggested
"a broad-ranging exchange of basic data about our nuclear
forces."

in his nationally televised speech, Reagan said he hoped
to “remove suprise and uncertainty at the sudden ap-
pearance of sitch missiles on the warning screens of the two
countries."

And in support of his proposal to exchange irtformrttiott
about nuclear forces, Reagan said, “The more one side
knows about what the other side is doing. the less room
there is for suprise and miscalcuiation."

Tylenol campaign launched

New Brunswick, N. I.
(AP) Johnson & Johnson has distributed more than 20
million Tylenol coupons worth $2.50 each to entice
Americans into replacing the painkiller capsules they threw
away in fear.

Extra-Strength Tylenol capsules will be back on store
shelves nationwide in new tamper-resistant packaging by
the end of December. three months after poisonings in the
Chicago area prompted tnany people to get rid of their
Tylenol.

On Sunday. Johnson Jr. Johnson began a $20 million
campaign to promote the product. The 20 million coupons
were inserted in Sunday newspapers. and the giant phar-
maceutical firm intends to give out another 60 million
coupons on the next two Sundays, said Lawrence G.
Foster. vice president for public relations.

“The object is to replace the Tylenol thrown away
because of fear.‘ he said. “it's also to get Tylenol back in
the households."

Seven Chicago-area residents who took Extra-Strength
Tylenol capsules laced with cynadidc died last September,
prompting Johnson and Johnson to recall all 'l'ylenot cap-
nationwide.

The success of the promotional campaign will not be
known until after consumers begin redeeming the coupons.
Aspirin‘frce Tylenol had been the best-selling pain-reliever

in the nation before the poisoning.

Banks reduce lending rate

New York
(AP) Major banks cut their prime lending rate today by one
half a percentage point to 11.5 percent. the lowest since
September 1980.

On Friday. the Federal Reserve Board lowered its dis-
count rate to a four-year low of9 percent from 9.5 percent.
widely viewed as an indicator the Fed is giving closer atten-
tion to the stalled economy rather than maintaining its
strict grip on the money strpply - and with it credit.

The Fed's ctrt in the discount rate was the sixth half-point
cut since July when the rate stood at 12 percent. The rate is
on overnight loans to member banks and other financial in-
stitutions. '

Since July the prime lending rate has fallen from 16.5
percent.

Economic recovery doubted

Washington. D.C.
(AP) After a month of adding new figures and checking old
ones, government economists are reaching a discouragingly
lamrliar conclusion: no recovery yet for the national
economy.

The Commerce Department was releasing its revised
estimate of third-quarter gross national product today,
along with its ﬁrst Figures on U.S. companies' profits dur-
ing that July-September period. No one was expecting good
news on either count.

in fact. some economists were guessing in advance the
revision would show inflation-adjusted GNP - the broadest
measure of U.S. economic activity - actually declining in
the third quarter rather than barely rising at tile annual rate
of 0.8 percent estimated last month.

As a general rule, there would have to be solid gains in
real GNP for two straight quarters before there would be
wide agreement the recession had ended.

 

     

Haspél’s hero

 

“Where have all the heroes gone?" Find out on Thurs-
day, Dec. 2 when Rachel Haspel will speak on the life of
Raoul Wailenberg, the Swedish diplomat responsible for
saving thousands of Jews from the Nazis in WWII.
Haspel is the president of the Raoul Wallenburg Commit-
tee of the United States.

in addition, President O'Lcary has designated Dec. 2.
1982 as a day to honor Raoul Wailenberg on the Albany
campus.

liaspel's talk is scheduled for 8 pm. in the Campus
Center Ballroom.

Technologically speaking

The Department of Rhetoric and Communication, in
conjunction with the Faculty. Exchange Program, an-
nounces the visit of Dr. Molefi Kate Asante, Faculty Ex-
change Scholar from SUNY-Buffalo. Asante will be
speaking on “The import of New Technologies on the
Cultures of Developing Nations." December 2, 1982 at
noon in the Humanities Lounge (HU 354).

Anyone is welcome to attend and if they so desire, may
bring their lunch.

. Behaving like animals

  

mp“? lbs-lets

Who’s in charge anyway ?

"Taking Charge of Your Life" is the title and intent or
a weekend workshop being offered December 4 and 5 r,
the Kripaiu Yoga Center at 1698 Central Avettu y
Albany.

The seminar, running from 8:30 a.nr. to 5 put truth
days, will emphasize confronting core issues irt it" i
dividual's life (e.g. family, health. occupation and rot:
tionsitips) and the choice to change.

The cost of tile seminar is $45. and it is conducted hr
professionals front the Kripaiu Center for Holistic ilcttitft
in Pennsylvania. For information or to regislcr, L'illl the
center at 869-7990.

ein

Professor Ronald Pulliarti will be speaking on "()p.
timiztion Models of Animal Behavior" Wednesday
November 24. Ill 3130 run. in ES 140. A continuation
the Department of Mathematics and Stritisties' Coll“.
quium Series, the lecture is free and open to the ptthlig

Computer continuation

The computer center will be burning the midnight oil as
usual on Wednesday, Novcrtibcr 24. The users' roorrr rind
dispatch window will remain open until rtridrtigltt for
anyone wishing to use the facilities. For further informa-
tion, contact the computer center. 457-1893.

Library lessons

Skill training iii library rcsearclt materials is rmrilaltlc
for individuals or groups through the University
Libraries. The Bibliographic instruction Unit 1457-3347)
or the subject bibliographer for it discipline (4578555)
can provide an orientation tour or personal help in
students working on a library-oriented assignment or
research paper. in addition, a student needing informa-
tion in basic library research can tirrri to the instruction
Unit's Library Research Workbook. And don't forget
the library's one-credit courses, listed in the course
catalog.

For more information call Jacquelyn (iavtyck, Coor-
dinator for Bibliographer instruction at 457-3347.

 

By Ellen Santasiero
and Matt Nichols

.V TA FF WRITERS

 

New rooﬁng is being installed on top of
the Campus Center as part of an ongoing
rc-roofing project of the uptown campus.
Leaks in the present roofs may cause
damage to the buildings during winter as
water seeps into the concrete and freezes.
cruising cracks in the structure, according to
Dennis Stcvctts. Director of the Physical
Plant.

“The roof (of the Campus Center) has
leaked for years. and it's time to replace
it.” said Stevens. Brown cracks and cor-
roded plaster creep dowrt the walls of (.‘am-
pirs Center rooms 370 and 375 and ringed
writer stains on the ceilings and carpets of
these rooms attest to this fact.

Plans and specifications for the project
were drawn up by the Physical Plant. and
bids were taken from private roofing con-
tractors. Aceording to Charles Estey of the
Physical Plant. the lowest bid of $238,000
forwarded by B. Sheber and Sons was en-

thusiastically accepted because the project
had been estimated to cost over 5400.000.

The actual work consists of tearing up
the old asphalt roof and replacing it with a
new rubber matting called Carlislc rubbcr.
said Stevens. Protective boarding will be
laid across the bare concrete; rubber mat-
ting will bc installed on top of this, and then
a 3 1/2 inch layer of insulating styrofoarn
ltcld dowrt by gravel will complete the new
roof.

The rubber roof should exceed the
itspltalt‘s 18-year life expectancy because of
its elasticity. "Albany's variable weather,
exposure to ultra-violet light. and the shif-
ting of the building all contributed to the
cracking and breakdown of the asphalt
roof." said Ray Hernic. lumen of the
roofing crew. The new rubber roofing. he
said. can withstand these deteriorating con-
ditions.

“Six buildings on campus have been top-
pcd with the new roofing over the past few
years,“ Stevens said, referring to the Social
Science, Humanities. Education, Physics,

NOVEMBER 23. [982 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Chemistry. and Biology buildings. Hernic
said that the library may be the next
building to receive a new roof. although it is
not up for bid yet. He also said that the
Campus Center job will take about four
months to complete. weather permitting.
The completion deadline isSeptembcr 1.
1983, but Hernic believes the project will be
finished in early spring.

“There is $20 million wrapped up in -
rcltabilitation construction at SUNYA."
said Stevens, “and because of austere
times, this figure is 30 percent less than it
should be." Stevens noted a problem is the
limited budget allotted to construction and
tire simultaneous breakdown of the nation's
infrastructure. Most rortds. bridges.
buildings, and communications hardware
were built around tltc same time and are all
wearing out arid needing replacement at the
same time.

Tltc construction is funded by the State
University Construction Fund and is super-
vised under tltc Physical Plant. 1 1

 

Campus Center re-roofedto prevent leakage

ERICA SPIEOAL UPS

Campus Center rool construction
Leaky reoj being replaced.

 

 

 

' discuss a new contract that would re

Freeze infiltration debated

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Two members of Congress are challenging NATO
Secretary-General Joseph Luns' claim - similar to President
Reagan's - that the nuclear weapons freeze movement in the
West is “strongly aided" by the Soviet Union.

And another congressman. Rep. Don Edwards. D-Caiif.,
says he thinks the FBI improperly intruded into politics by
publicly backing Reagan's contention that foreign agents
tire helping the freeze tnovcrrtcnt iii the United States.

Edwards said Thursday he had no quarrel with the Flii's

investigating foreign agents who might be infiltrating the
ifCCIt.‘ movcriicnt. bill that the Pill is required to keep its in-
formation confidential.
. Reagan asserted at it news conference last week that titerc
is “no question about foreign agents" bcirtg sent to the
Urtited States to “help instigate and help create and keep
such a movcrrtciit going."

“Some new reports front the secret services" showed
Western anti-nuclear campaigns were “strongly aided by
the Soviet Union. including financial support," said l.uns
NATO's‘ top civilian official. "

Leaders to vote on contract

‘ Pittsburgh.
(AP) United Steelworkers leaders reportedly agreed on a 10
percent pay out and other concessions to troubled
steelmakers as local union officers gathered to vote Mon-
day on the shape of a new contract.

The union‘s executive board met privately Thursday to

. ~ I place the current
which expires tn August 1983. mm.

Board members refused to di ‘

V I . . scuss the session

local official said the panel had reached ' hm one
ment.

"'We'vc known about it the agreement for thrce'd'tys

‘ . . ..
We re opposed to concessions unless it means
employment, ' said Mike Bonn, president of USW Liieai
2227 at U.S. Steel Corp.‘s irvin Works. "We’w'irit ‘ b
not charity." K J0 S,

The New York Times reported the
contained a10 percent wage and be
and a deferral of a cost-of-iiviu
scheduled for next month.

'Sicclitlilkcfs agreed to a profit-sharing plan
tribute to depicted ftrrids that have be
ltttd-olf workers, according to urtiorr

a tentativr: agree.

I proposed contract
nefrt cut over 45 months
g raise that had been

and to con-
ert paying benefits to
and company officials

 

whom the Times did not identify.

 

The steel industry, which suffered losses of tttorc lllttii $2
billion in the first nine months of 1982, has been pressing
the union for wage beneﬁt cuts. The uniort has about
130,000 furlottghed workers-about a third of the total
membership.

UAW, Chrysler reopen talks

IIig/t/unrl l’ilrit. .\lit'/rrutm
(AP) “i‘rléuincts for the United Auto Workers union .rntt
Chrysler Corp- in the United States Monday reopened tun-
tract talks that broke off because tltc rank and lilc dcnrnnrl-
ed an immediate priy misc.

Ncgmkuiom “'50 WUPCHCd Monday rrtotrtintI ill loruntu
for 10,000 Canadian workers who hrrve been on strrlri lt‘t
i7 days.

in Highland Park. 'i'lroritas Mirtcr. (‘ltyslcr the president
or indl'sm'm Wiilliutts. said the return to the burnttnunn
lttblc was prompted by “or” hum. m cm Hm ﬁlms.

“we‘re 80mg“ [0 do 50")“ things I” finish tip where \it'
left off" when U.S. talks broke off five “ug‘kn .rgtr, Mild
Mark Stcpp. vice president and director ut lllc HAWK
Chrysler department. “i’m going to open up bg. utility nc
wum m "mummy 3‘” m “it: Itilty gritty, lilill littittrlts illiiltill
donars'” Union and CUmpilny bttrguirtcrs met in \t‘Dltl-iit‘
scssmns' b‘” were expected to get bargaining under nn)‘
later Monday.

Cuomo to create new position

New for.
(AP) Gov.-elect Mario Cuomo says a state commission's
Suggestion that he appoint a criminal justice coordinator is
pm'scwmihyt important and just what he planned to do it“
along.

I“ n rcPort issued Sunday. the L‘Oltllllissitlit, ltctrrlt-tl lti‘
 York Ci‘y litwycr Arthur L. Lirrtun, cttllcd lilt‘ state's
"'m‘m” justice system “feeble” and urged ('rtottto t0
a new cabinet-level position to coordinate it.

“‘9 C0""‘ii5-‘ii011. appointed by Gov. iiuglt t‘rtrc)‘. (“'l'
dllk'lt‘d It l9-rnontit study of rrtrtnrtgcntcrtt in the Wilt"i S3
billiort~a-ycttr criminal justice systcrrr and concluded liitll
the Present system - involving police. prosecutors. ct'llli-‘r
Pit-inns and probation departments — “is not led, is not
managed and, its presently constituted. ix 1"“
manageable."

Cuf’inov Who i’lﬂigctl duritrg his crtntpnign it)t.'1t‘ili‘."-liL'h
" "million. said the Commission's suggestion “will In" N”
‘if my tJUVcrnmcrtl." lie said he planned to Clt'illt' tttc It'bi‘
“0” “"d uflltoint his candidate for the job this \veci

Center counsels draft eligibles

 

By Bob Gardiner
 unrortm. ASSISTANT W» _ u

Persons eligible for tire drrift can obtain information of
lhc rules anti regulations and possible alternatives regarding
selective service through Albany's Draft Counseling
Center.

Tire Center, located at 221 Central Ave., in the Social
Actions Offices in Albatty. was set up in .lunc 1982 and is
affiliated with the Albany Peirce and Energy Couttcil. Fun-
dirtg fer the center comes from pledges froru itctive
ritcrrtbcrs and fund raising events such as the Holly Near
Concert arranged jointly by Social Actions Center rind
SUNYA Peace Project. “We don‘t tell people what to do;
we just infortn them about what the alternatives are," said
Darby Penny. a volunteer draft counselor at the center.

in a recent decision handed down Tuesday Nov. 16, U.S.
District Court Judge Terry Halter ruled tlutt the selective
service law was invalid on a tcclinicrtl ground. The case
against pttbllc rcsistcr David Wayte was dropped by Judge
iitttter on the grounds that the recent registration act was
enacted itittc days too soon. i

|

Draft counselor Dave Miller cclcbrutcd tltc decision its a
victory. saying “it was at result of public pressure."
Howe ~' he cautioned, “it does not change anything. '1 he
answer is; that the registration must simply cease."

there have been no indictments served to any Albany
area sclcctiti- scrvicc resistors. according to Ruth lirrstcr.
director of the Social Actions Center. "People who do not
sign tip just get warning letters," she said.

“it is usually the public resistors like Wnytc iiitll get into
trouble," said l’ostcr. explaining that tltc private resistors
usually just try to sttry out of sight. The strttc has it program
of reviewing tltc licenses of all eligible tirul‘tccs to find out
who has not signed tip, stiid Penny, who \ nted out that
failure to register is a violation of the law, which carries it
sentence of tip to five years in prison or it $10,000 fine or

  

 

 

\

\\
/

.t' 'f’i

 

 

 

 

 

 

seeking help

the present titttc. accurdimr in inrnrm-utrm (‘nllm‘tml t... flu-
ccmcr' However, rtrcrc are only 14 cases rtt courts across
the country where resistcrs arc fucirtg charges. said Pcnrty.

Pcnrty pointed to a lttw that will go into effect next
semester which will bar any student who has not signed tip
with the selective service front getting any financial aid.
SUNYA's Director of Financial Aid, Donald Wltitlock.
could not be reached for comment.

The Draft Counseling Center is extremely necessary. said
Penny. since tlte laws regarding registration attd conscien-
tioirs objector status are complex. She explained that it per-
son who wants to be a conscientious objector has to have a
whole resume of personal recommendations by other peo-
ple. such as ministers, to be considered. if a person signs up
arid their receives an inductiott notice. they have ten days to
prove conscientious objection, and Penny believes tlttrt by
this stage, there is rtot enough time to make a case.

Tltcrc are some religious groups who have automatic irri-
ntttnlty such its Mcncnitcs and Quakers noted Penny. "but
a person has to show association with one of these groups
that goes back it substantial number of years." she said.

The Draft Counseling (enter plans to start a workshop
with tlic National lawyers gtilld in January. according to
Foster, to help cditcntc lawyers on effective ways to defend
selective service resistors iii corrtt. They are also planning
an informative rally on campus next semester to camas stu-
dent feeling about the service regulations, Penny stud.

Actually, there are very few people who use the Draft
Counseling ('ctttcr. suid Pcnrty. People are probably not
afraid there will be it draft. “if conditions iii Central
America get much worse. people may become concerned
and will strut looking for help." she strid, adding that
“Central America has bccrt computed to VietNaru."

The Center litts one part-time crriploycc to oversee
business. Titc rest of the people that run tltc other organizat-
tious iti the building such as Citizen‘s Party, Coalition
against Apartheid. Albany Peace and iiucrgy Council, are

 

both.

Ovcr 300.000 ritcn refused to register iii the summer of
1980. and tltcrc are 700.(X)0 drnft resistch in the country til

Student charges harassment to car mechanic

By Gina Abend
__ sun: warm;

Albany student Anthony Silbcr claims he
was accosted with “irrational hostility" and
"uncontrollable rage"by a mechanic who
inspected ltis car at an Albany gas station
Nov. 12. _

The mechanic, who works at Gianetto’s
Mobil Service station on the corner of
Washington Avertue and Colvin Avenue
and an attendant who witnessed the inci-
dent refused to comment after repeated at-
tempts to question tltciit. Tire station‘s
owner, Joe (iiirrrclto, -- .ts unavailable for
comment;

When Silbcr arrived to pick tip his 1972
Dodge Swinger which needed new registra-
tion and inspection stickers, he srrid art at-
tendant led him to the bay area and showed
ltini that the car‘s windshield blades were
worn.

A mechanic then walked over and listed
otltcr problems he said were wrong with the

car. Silbcr said “the mechanic was lying.
When 1 bought the car irt Jtrne of this year,
i had it inspected and it was fine. Among
other things, he told me i needed brake
fluid - i had added some just weeks before -
and asked me if i wanted an estimate. His
lune of voice was filled with some unex-
plained hostility." Silbcr claimed the
mechanic said repairs would cost at least
$55.

How would you like it if I shit
in your living room?

— Mechanic

Gianerto’s Mobil

 

Silbcr said he told the men he “couldn't
have the work done at that time," and as a
result, he failed the inspection.

all volunteers

oaanurc incarnation coco
‘ ' .. ’1
‘ ' wcck.

 

 

At that point, Silbcr said. he went to
check his brake ﬂuid and opened the hood
of the car. “As soon as i did this, the
mechanic shoved me and slammed down
my hood. his eyes blazing with irrational
animal fury." Silbcr said he was dumb-
founded, and the mechanic told hint “to do
it outside."

Silbcr entered the car to back it out. birt
the mecitanic leaned into the car, sliut it
off. and yelled, “get out!" As Silbcr got
out. he claimed that the mechanic “sltovcd
me hard. his inexplicable rage out of con-
trol." According to Silbcr, the mechanic
pointed to the Dodge's SUNYA car sticker,
and said. "Just because you have that
sticker, you tltitik you are educated. Well,
you're not! You're stupid!"

Silbcr said the mechanic then instructed
hint to go to the office and pay the six
dollar inspectiort fee. As he was paying the
bill. Silbcr questioned the mechanic on his
hostility. According to Silbcr, the mechanic

who donate a portion of their tirttc per

i 2

said, “You came into my bay. How would
you like it if 1 shit in your living room?"

“This is an absurd analogy." Silbcr later
commented.

Silbcr immediately called the Albany
Police wlto sent an officer to interview
Silbcr arid the mechanic separately. Accor-
ding to Silbcr. the mechanic told the officer
that Silbcr was trying to avoid paying the
inspection fee. The officer informed Silbcr
that he could press charges of assault
against the mechanic, biit he decided to
“drop it because the police appearance at
the station should serve as a warning to the
mechanic not to behave in that manner."

According to Officer Michael Smith of
the Albany Police Department. the inci-
dent is not part of police record “since the
party did not wislt to make a complaint."
' Silbcr plans to report the episode to the
Better Business Bureau as well as com-
pleting a complaint forrn about inspection
to the Department of Motor Vehicles. [:1

 

w_~_‘,_~._. .- .. ‘W L......_..... ‘ ﬂ,»—

 

 

 

 

Wa..m, 4-,"

 

 

