 

.w”: .5 ...V. _

i
i
.t
)2
t
if

v r-

 

' 7 page I‘d/April ‘6. 1982

 

' p irit ’ ‘

' 'ne of the problems facing people
0 lnterested In food these days is not
in the food itself but In the accom-
panying beverage. Whether you are moving

toward wine from a double scotch or orange
soda. chances are you are facing a ma)or

1 problem: which wine? Of course.‘ the adver-

tisers are always there to help out: who
hasn't heard of Re'unlte or Blue Nun or
Lancer's'.’ But don't you Just occasionally.
think you would.like to try something dif-
ferent?

Carol Newhouse

Fortunately. New York does its own form
of advertising through the New York State
Fair Wines Competition. For the last four
years. the State Department of Agriculture
and Markets has sponsored these awards for
New York State wines. In 1981. 28 wineries
submitted 235 entries. ‘

Actually. the word "competition" is a bit
deceptive since the wines do not compete
against one'another but are )udged on their
Individual merits. Hence. one category may
produce two gold medal winners and
another nothing above a bronze. The )udges
do not give a gold medal to the best of the
worst.

 

Granted. purchasing a totdlly new wine .

does require some sense of adventure. but it
s not difficult and there Is a tremendous feel-
rg of satisfaction in turning up a new

 

"favorite." . -
in order to help you on your way. here are
a few suggestions frotn the 198i gold medal
winners. All are white wines for the simple
reason that no reds or roses rated gold
medals. This group hardly touches the sur-
face of the pool of winners but they are a
beginning and. equally important. they are
available: at this writing. they can be found at
Barbara‘s World of Wine and Liquor on Wolf
Road in Colonie. The prices given are Bar-
bara's prices for 75f) ml bottles.

If you are not Interested in wine right now.
clip this out and put. lt away until August

 

COLUMN fl

representative hybrid. which is simply a cross
' between two grape varieties. Here. the name
Ravat does not Indicate a grape but rather M.
Ravat. a French experimenter whose work In
crossing Vltis Vlnifera (the European vine)
with Vitts Labrusca (the native American
vine) has produced a number of successful
hybrids. Unfortunately. the name Ravat can
be associated with both red and white wines
but as this wine also took a gold in the
"White Semi-dry and Sweet" category. all is
clearp
The Aurora class has two gold winners.
These white. dry hybrids are Wagner

 

when you're hot’ahd 'peé'vlsh and can‘t take
It anymore. It is amazing how good a glass of
chilled white wine will taste.

Heron Hills 1980 Johannesburg Riesling.
Ingle Vineyard ($8.49) is recognized tn the
White. Dry Vlnifera Riesling class and noted
as an overall group winner for best meeting
the Vlnifera varietal standards. "Vlnifera" in-
dicates that the grapes In this wine are
descended from the famous grapes of
Europe -— in this case. White Riesling which
apparently originated In the Rhine valley.

C/rnteaii Esperanza's 1980 Ravat. Plane's
Vineyard ($8.99) is considered the most

SAC’s A peal .

he presentation of works at Gallery
' l 400. created and run by members

of the Schenectady Arts Council
(SAC) is only one of the ways In which they
strive to foster cultural enrichment In the
Capital District. Located at 432 State Street
in Room 210. thé council serves over two
hundred members. both visual and perform-
Ing artists. and those simply interested in the
arts.

 

Debbie Miiiman

The. SAC supports an Arts Awareness
Program which has created “Works of
Art"— a permanent display in parks and

 

 

Love, Sidney

he problem with reviewing a film
like Deathirap Is that there's a strict
limit on what the reader wants to

be told about the film. And yet any good
critic feels an obligation to )ustify‘to an au<

dience why he thinks they should go see a 1

film. So you're going to have to trust me like
mad reading this review. In addition. i pro-
mise not to give away anything you ought to
be surprised by'when youieeﬂlilﬂr. “

Jim Dixon

Deathtrap. If you've been on Mars‘forThe
past several years. is the longest-running
thriller in Broadway's history. Plays that set
commercial records are apt to attract
Hollywood's notice. and so Deathtrop is now
a film.

Michael Catne plays Sidney Brtuhi. a
mystery playwright. who as the film opens Is
being castigated by the critics for yet another
flop. Bruhl has been sent a play by a former
student who took a seminar In playwrighting
Bruhl once taught. The play. a mystery of
the type Bruhl writes. Is clearly destined to be
a hit. and Bruhl. desperate for a hit. decides
to murder the young writer and claim
authorship of his play.

So much for what I can tell you about the
twists and turns. save that once the young
playwright. played by Christopher Reeve.
enters the picture. they come fast and

furious. Reeve is excellent as the young
playwright. a change-oi-pace for him. Of
course I can't tell you why it's a change-of-
pace role. but trust me. It's a far cry from

 

public buildings. They hold an Annual
Reception at the Schenectady Museum.
which brings together those who create and
those'who support the arts. for the exchange
of ideas. and hold workshops such as
"Graphics". "Attracting Young Audiences".
and “Creating an Appreciation of the Arts".
which are open to the public.

Besides these activities. the SAC is also In-
volved In mainstreaming the handicapped
and revitalizing downtown Schenectady. In
other words. they are concerned with open-
ing up to the public a serious awareness and
appreciation of the arts.

Located a couple of doors down the
block. at 410 State Street, is another SAC

Loving a mystery: Chris Reeve and Micheal 

    

Vineyard's 1980 Aurora ($4.99) and
Chateau Esperanza's 1980 Aurora. John
Henry Vineyards ($4.99).

If you would like to sample the native
Lambrusca (not to be confused with Lam-
brusco) grape. try Chateau Esperanza's
1980 Diamond. Hosmer Vineyards ($4.65).
This Is a dry white wine along the lines of a
chablis. You might be aware of the general
comment made regarding wine from native
American grapes: they are called "foxy."
This is a distinctive fruitiness which in—
fluences the flavor and aroma of a wine. It Is
neither good iror bad ~— ,just distinctive ~

enterprise. the Schenectady Gallery. or
Gallery 400 as they prefer to be called.
Thirty-two artists- have their artwork on
display. and they offer a variety of pieces. all
of which involve each other in a completely
unrelated way. There is no common bond
holding these works together. except that
their creators are all members of the SAC.
The expanse of the work is formidable and
makes one wonder why sortie of these peo-
ple are staying In Schenectady.

Tire most eyecatchirtg of all the works in
the exhibit has to be the sculpture. Robert
Salemme (who happens to be one of the
directors of the gallery) Iras produced a
large. welded steel creation. entitled “Gold

  
 

 

1 "
‘ ﬂsethwm

 

Superman.

Dyan Cannon is also excellent In the
smaller. supporting part of Bruhl's long-
suffering wife who has a tendency to scream
at odd momentsf

The viewer Is apt to scream at odd
moments also. The strange thing. and this is
the magic of the movie. is that the viewer Is
equally apt to laugh at odd moments (One
critic is said to have remarked of the play that
you “come out whistling the screams." a trait
the movie has happily also acquired). Of
course you'll have to trust me on that.

Suffice it to say that the Jay Presson
Allen's adaptation of Ira Levin's play is slick
and fast. frightening and funny. Sidney
Lumet. one of the most versatile directors In
films today. has managed to make the play a
film without succumbing to the usual tenden-
cy to “open up" the play.As on stage. the ac-
tion takes place mainly in Sidney Bruhl's
study. a wonderfully bizarre room decorated
with antique weapons. Some of the action
has been moved to an upstairs bedroom.

and the set. wlticlr resembles the theatrical
set. has been enlarged so that it includes a
kitchen and back porch. but only a couple of
outdoor scenes have been added.

This is of course for the better. Deatlrtrap
needs a certain claustrophobia. Andrez) Bar-

tkowiak. Lumet's superb cinematographer.

from Prince of the City. cleverly but unob-
trusively weaves his camera through the set.
and uses it to create the melodramatic mood
that permeates the film. rather that letting the
set sit there and be nothing more than a
room. He also gets more out of a
thunderstorm than anyone has since
Frankenstein. I can't tell you why. You'll
have to trust me.

The movieis light-hearted. accented by
Johnny Mandel‘s bouncy. light score. The
point Is clear: homicide Is fun. Possibly
Lumet could have gotten more suspense out
of the film if he‘d wanted to —- the film seems
to go for comedy when a choice has to be
made. But that can't be considered a com-
plaint. Deathtrap is about as entertaining as
murder Is apt to get. III

‘n‘  DOm’eS'tiC' World ' 

 

 

 

and assessments are a matter of taste. it you
are Interested In acquiring a knowledge of
wines. you should try a Lambrusca wine
simply to find out what “foxy” means: Don't
be influenced by people who reject native
grape wines and hybrids out of band: you
might be speaking to a wine "connoisseur"
who does not know Chateauneuf du Pape
from Chateaubriand.

The wine you have selected can be
dramatically affected by the temperature at
which It is served. If white. wine is served
warm. It can be flat and boring so chill it
down to 50-55 degrees F. A bucket with half
Ice and half cold water works very well. A
stemmed. clear glass is also useful: it allows
you to see the wine and keeps your hands
from warming it.

If the idea of trying a few n‘ew wines seems
appealing. try a wine tasting party. You can
ask each guest to bring a bottle of his favorite
wine. Add some mild cheese. fresh fruit.
crackers and some music and you have the
makings of a pleasant evening. Those who
are determined to assess the characteristics
of each wine will pass on the cheese and set-
tle for matzos or pieces of a baguette,

Relatively few people have a truly com-
prehensive knowledge of wines: that is study
for a lifetime. This does not mean that you
cannot find your own little niche and harm
fun doing it. The marvelous thing Is that. liv-
In New York. you can begin in your own
backyard. r")

Form." Balanced on Its tip. it stands quite
beautifully against the windows of the
Gallery. Terri Boor's two sculptures.
“Mohawk"and “Spring Bud." offer two ap-
proaches to her craft. one of a more tradi-
tional school. the other more abstract.
"Mohawk." the study of an lndian's face. is
stern and hard. the litres of the face intricate—
ly constructed and seeming to reveal the true
consciousness of the Indian. On the other
hand. Boor's “Spring Bud". a wood
sculpture is soft and almost inviting,

Offered for sale for considerably less than
“Mowawk.” one gets the feeling that the
wood construction should be taken less
seriously. But the unique shape and
beautifully balanced form show just as much.
if not more. technical ability as “Mohawk”.
It's obvious Boor' is Well trained. the two

pieces show true mastery of her trade.

Shel Abelsorr's three photographs were
also very good. Of the three. “Boats.” a shot
taken in Emery Cove. Marne. is a haunting
block and white tiltrrlttgtuttlt of three lune
boats on it plrrciil lrikc. Using .r lrigh~cotrtrrrst
technique. the sky and water merge into one
white urtrror illltl the blink lrtlitlS out, sharp.
.rlrnk. itittl rtltiiil’ this is tin-- of the strongest
pieces in the show

It is unfortunate tlrrrt .rll the wurk cannot
measure tip to those piece» it is an unruried
show. so mumhuis' work t-. not turned 4I\de.
Maureen Pepper's two paintings were
somewhat disappointing. “Laughing
Jamaican Women" was sir rppy and uneven.
almost incomplete. Her "Red Women.
Yellow Women. Brown Women" is a bit bet-
ter. but her color theory needs work.

After looking at Michelle Manchester's
photographs. the other less intriguing work
Scouts to disappear. Her black and white
photo titled "Lovers" shows two innocent.
undressed children playing. The muted col~
ors and spontaneous. intimate glance at the
children is marvelous.

Eileen Verno. (also a director of the
Gallery with Salemme) offers two intricate
collages. reminiscent of Picasso's and Bra-
que's work In the 1920's. But they stand on
their own merit. and are intellectually as well
as artistically challenging

All and all. quite a spectacle of works.
Besides all the active involvement the SAC
puts into the Capital District. the time arid ef-
fort put into their gallery is obvious. The
Schenectady Arts Council Is not only'a
group of concerned people In their com-
munity. but a group of talented people as
well. ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

nlike the character she played so
I J superbly In an otherwise lackluster
production of Miss Margarida's
Way. Sandra Dani is a shy. soft spoken.
totally charming woman. A graduate student
getting her Masters in theater. Dani and her
husbaan Luiz Vasconcellos arrived In Albany
frotn their native Brazil last year. Dani said It
was necessary to leave her homeland
because universities there do not offer a
Master in theater; she selected Albany State
on the recommendation of a friend. Dressed
in brown corduroys and a cream colored
turtleneck and sweater vest. Dani speaks
haltingly. correcting her English along the
way to make sure she says'exactly what she
means.

 

|
Mark Rossier

 

 

As an actress. language Is especially im-
portant to Dani because it'ts her most ob-
vious means of expression. Considering she
only bEQan learning the language last March.
she speaks English beautifully. However. she
admitted that her unfamiliarity with the

Li? ;

language did not prove to be a bit of a pro-
blem when preparing Margarida. She said
that It was harder for her to memorize in
English than in Portugese. She added. “In
Portugese I would improvise which lcouldn't
really do here, The purpose of the play is to
provoke the audience. I need to be prepared
for questions that they might ask. That. too.
was harder."

Yet despite the language barrier. she feels
that the play itself is universal. To Dani. Miss
Margarida is. “A symbol of all the contradic-
tions in Western society. We claim that we
want freedom yet we provoke war. We talk
about sex. yet on television we see an almost
constant distortion of it. Miss Margarida
represents these things."

She feels that the play remains the same
whether seen In English or Portugese. She
said. “A good play Is one that offers (the
director and actors) a variety of interpreta-
tions, The essence of the play does not
change no matter Where It is done. It Is the
formal aspects of presentation that change.
but the message remains the same."

What also remains t. 2 same Is Dani's rela-

   
  

l’ 1.--... ,. . .  g:

. . i
tionship with the director. Her husband
directed her In the piece. but she doesn't feel
this presented any special problems. She
said that in the ten years they've been
together they have worked together many
times. and they have finally found the key to
success. She explained. “You need to make
distinctions between your private and profes<
siotral lives. You may be air actor or director
or writer or whatever. but when you leave
the theatre. you have to finish."

Addressing broader issues. Dani said that
being in America is a useful experience
because it allows her to absorb the culture of
a different country and continent. Not that
American culture is totally foreign to her —
“American influence." she says. “is very
strong in Brazil. Brazil is going the same way
as American society. We have the same
educational system. our university system is
set up in exactly the same way."

However. that same influence is not
always viewed favorably. She said that
American intervention In El Salvador is “not
seen with good eyes. It matters a great deal.
especially In countries under American
power." She said that Brazilians do not feel

The Red Sneakers

o Lise the customary phrasing and

I say “Les Ballets Trockadero de

Monte Carlo" graced the stage of

the Palace Theatre last Friday night would be

.r serious mistake. They were hilarious. Skill-
ed. even.ng graceful»; no.

Debbie Judge
Where thtT printer ballc'ririaiis customarily
granted a bouquet of roses at the end of a
performance. the 'l'rock‘s lovely Zamarina
ernrakovrr received it bunch of bright orange
lrrrd of paradise stalks. and the audience got
to tough at something tlrrrt customarily is not

 

 

 

 

laughed at

liven the program notes. easily accessible
through two iniermissions. were a perfor‘
rnant‘v ltl themsele liwryihing read all
right itrrtil on noticed that there are 18
players listed in the who's Who. 21 in the
cast list. and never rrrirrd that. lorsootlr. all of
them are the eleven nrrtlr- drrrrcurs who make
up the company (or so said the press
packet) So don‘t believe everything you
SL’L’.

Because the names may at first appear vir-
tuous 7 until “Adam Baum." “Colette
Adae." and igor Teupleze" run together.
and their their personages. too. collide. The
result is the audience's pleasure.

The demure beauties. too. appeared Qt“
inrine at first — before the not-quite-filled
l’nlrrce audience. The legs beneath the tutus
were exquisite. The eyelashes were long and
butting it hit too long. perhaps. and
maybe this is what threw the arabesques
.rskcw. in any case. the flailing of arms to
maintain the position simulated pitcher's
windups; not surprising. as these dancers
hrrd .rrrnpits (not lrrdy's undernrnrs). which
were. by llti’ wiry. hairy. This. however. was
not (‘5 noticeable its the five o'clock shadows
on their chests. in short. what appeared as
seven white roses iii the beginning of Les
Syiplrtdcs‘ (with all apologies to Frederic
Chopin) Sturtt disclosed their thorns. And it's

 

  
 
   

\

in ~

It;

Schlong Lake: Tamara Bounisdeyeyua and the corps de ballet.

ttm’rry‘f”"

“Just like women" (with the alch excep-
tions). the Trucks in white clrrmmered for the
attentions of one blond god. Probably the
most effeminate of the tot. he visany stag»
gered under the weight of his girlish partner.
it seemed at points that this is a parody of not
only the nature of ballet but the nature of
women — tints the blatantly jealous glances.
shoves. gnssipy whispers. tacklcss upstagtng
of errclr other. and vain appeals for more.
more. (pull-curse) more applause But rtctual~
ly. it is bullet as a whole that is the fall gtty
here. art of perfection that it Is. Tire
birllcttnus who personin it were the props.
and if ballerinirs are alabaster figurines. the
'l'tocks are Kewpie dolls.

Though their movements. sometimes.
simulated witrdup toys gone beserk.
freewheeling like Nadia Dorrminfeyva and
Lavrenti "Biff" Stroganoff's performance as
two wild nymphs in “Spring Waters." Here
Nadia was extrberantly Joyous — however

 ~ rind getting her offstage was akin to
putting an rirrrrrly child to bed v— her arms
flailing and expressions annoyingly cute —
and all the harder- because she had an au-
dience.

A similar reckless enthusiasm was evident
in “The l’hrrrrrh's Daughter." the Tmck's last
atrd most elaborately staged piece. in which
the hallutontun were not only women but
Egyptians. lions and blue crrts bearing gifts.
Perhaps they got a bit carried away with the
blue veils and golden spears. but it would
have been funnier still if one got accidently
impaled in the mad rush — though surpris-
ingly. no one did. I

The jokes went far. but not that far; that is.
the Russian lass may have spun herself into
dizziness and emerged holding her head. but
subtly was not a forgotten art. Often it was
riot the live bows of the ballerina. but oh.
that look on her face. Arid although the
Trirt‘k's satire hinged on burlesque and

photo: 5.: "Mich/UPS

 

"The_ater . i.rrTi:sTp—rob'o‘trepeople to,
find their own way of lile.": Sandra
_Pﬂ-_ -

 

threatened. but that the potential.
nonetheless. Is there. .

Dani is firm in her political beliefs. but she
is not dogmatic. She is first and foremost an
artist. She feels that an artist must be
"honest with his own work. He must assume
that he has a function. that he must do his
part and has it responsibility to society.
Unlike Miss Margarida. he must not impose
his work. it must impose itself by Its quality."

Despite her use of "he." Dani feels that as
they become more active in other elements
of society. women's roles in the arts will
definitely be Improving.

"Theatre." she continued. “Is a critical art.
What we are as professionals. we are as
humans, If we are critical people. we will be
critical artists. This critical function is impor-
tant to help us see what is going on around
us. We must provoke thought. but not give
solutions. Theatre must be alive. we must
provoke people to find their own way of
life." Miss Margarida's Way may not have
met these lofty goals. but I have no doubt
that In the future Dani's expectations will not
prove too great.

slapstick. there was more to be had than
sight gags. An occasional leap to a three-
poirrt landing hinted that the Trocks did
know what they are doing. and obviously.
the more familiar the observer was with the
original. the more ticklish the distortion. The
very idea of men dancing en pointe — on
their toes v is beyond the lttdicracy of their
trembling figures to the crushiong weight on
those ten little tours. They were not put
together for this il'i'oof: if a female on her
toes is it ballerina. quick. what is one word
for .i man in the same position?) .is they were
similarin at a loss in the off-the s'roulder
gowns featured in "The Laurentrrtrons of
«Jane; Eyre." In both cases. the difficulty had
to do with staying up.

In "Jane Eyre." that painfully dramatic
piece. thi.I problems and laughs appeared in
keeping Gothica and Repressana (Ludimilla
Beaulemova and Sonia Leftova) dead after
anguished blows and finally poison by
Bronte (so seriously portrayed by Agrippina
l’rboskovna). There may have been some
doubt here. though. that the laughs would
die before the characters.

Not so. however. in Zamarina Zamakova‘s
(according to the program) "distinctive inter
pretation of the terminal fowl" In “The Dying
Swan." Ms. Zamakova gained a laugh with
each feather she lost in an imitation of an old
bird on its last legs —— finally to expire with
one last. spasmodic jerk. What a time to be
realistic. Brit the. is a man playing a woman
any more absurd than a women undulating
her in ms like a bird ——. excuse me. a swan?
The Trocks. at least. were frank enough to
make her‘him‘it look like a turkey.

As usually occurs. when one tries to be
what one is not. when the results are at best
hilarious and at worst worth a grin. En
li'OlJeSfl. by the way. is the proper term for
the 'l'rock‘s satirical role-reversal. Likewise.
“Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo" is '
the respectable name of those who tripped ‘
across the stage. But It you stu’mble over the
name. you have the right Idea. C]

       
  

 

