 

L .. __,_._.._. __W~_———MWWW

., k—k‘ ~. «1

 

  
    
    
  
  
     
  
 
 

--—..-;_-.....' ., :-

 

. Emgdom Q Speech
Organization

vs. Individual

 

Rlchitrd Lerner

A few people who are interested in
throwing ROTC off campus have reserva-
tions when they consider the issue of
freedom of speech: although they would
like to see SUNYA rid of this tumor, they
feel that even a tumor, if it has the capabili-
ty to speak, has the right to speak freely._
However, this concern is misplaced.
Freedom of speech is irrelevant.

The Constitution guarantees no one the

inalienable right to be a Professor of
Military Science at the State University of
New York at Albany: it guarantees no one
the license to teach at all. Nor is it at ques-
tion. when considering ifa eerlain course of
study should be terminated. if we are
depriving any students of a free choice;
nay. ifanyonc disagrees he does not oppose
it on these grounds. he would argue that the
course of study is intellectually serious and
relevant to the present times. Freedom of
speech is denied to no one in a decision of
this type. license to teach is. As far as
anyone's freedom of speech goes. he can go
stand on a soap box at Washington Square
Park. exercise his freedom of speech to his
heart's content, and have pennies thrown at
him in the bargain. ‘

Not only is freedom of speech irrelevant
to this issue, hill. 1 must sorrowfully admit.
and apologize to you reader. so has been
this column. Let‘s get on to the more fun-
damental issue.

Civil riglus are guaranteed to people. not
organizations. This is a result of a l938
Supreme Court decision (Connecticut
General Insurance Co. v. Johnson) in
"hich it was ruled that the regulation of

organizations is not a deprivation of civil
liberties (thus anti-trust legislation), nor are
organizations entitled to due process under
the law. As Well. the checks and balances;
system is a recognition that the government
has not rights. but powers; and the govern-
ment itself is broken into three parts so as
to limit these powers. We therefore have
even less reason to protect the rights of
ROTC (read: Military). since ROTC has no
rights. only its members do. The problem.

though. is in discerning when we are curtail-
ing an individual's civil rights and when

regulating the powers of an organization

When. it might be asked, are we denying
the military license to teach and when are
we denying the Professor of Military
Science. an individual. that privilege.

The answer is obvious: if that individual

is a funtionary of the Military. in curtailing

his functions we are restraining the powers

of the Military. not him. To show whether

that individual is a functionary of the

Military. we need only show who it is that

pays him..

 

The Professor of Military Science is
clearly a functionary of the Military. so his
rights in this matter are negligible; the im-
portant question is whether we should allow
a government organization extrinsic to the
university to teach ill the university. an ex-
tremely. unconscionably. bad precedent in
itself, for thc satire logic that allows this
organiyation. the Military. to teach cottrscs
in the university would allow the CIA. lltc
State Department. the Fill. and any other
governmental riff-ruff with the ability to in.
ter the words “national” and "security" in

alphabetical order.

 

 

I wA_tt Yeti
Like It Or Leave It

 

To the Editor:

i am writing in response to all of the let-
ters which have recently been printed in the
ASP in opposition to the introduction of
ROTC on campus. All of these letters have
championed the cause of academic
freedom. Supposedly. the introduction of
non-humanistic courses such as those
taught by ROTC infringes on this freedom.
Personally. i do not see any validity to this
claim. No one is forced to enroll in ROTC;
on the contrary. it is quite competitive and
only those with a real desire to be commis-
sioned do get in. if you wish to ban ROTC
from campus you are infringing other peo-
ple's academic freedom. Just because you
do not favor the military or its teachings
does not mean that l or anyone else agree
with you. i may wish to enroll in ROTC or I
may not; it is my choice and academic
freedom is the ability to make that choice.

Let us say that i do not like mathematics.
Since 1 don’t want to take it myself. does
this give me the right to infringe on others
by trying to ban its teaching on campus
And yes. this is a valid point. because just
as mathematics is an independent ﬁeld of
study. so is military science. Some like it
and some don’t. This is a free country. and
i take that to mean that anyone can do or
study whatever they want to, if you don’t
like. math. don't take it. Likewise. if you
don’t like ROTC, don’t enroll; no one is
forcing you to.

-— James A. Robertson

 

Not A Gay issue

To the Editor: \

l ant an active member of four different
student groups on this campus. i am writing
this letter. however. not as a representatiVC
of any of these groups. but as a student
concerned with human and civil rights. I
was disappointed tosee the ASP's headline
“Homosexuals Lose Senate Vote" for two
reasons.

First. it is misleading. it can be (and has
been)_misinterpretcd to mean that either 1)
homosexuals have lost the right to vote in
the Senate. or 2) homosexuals. as a group.
proposed a bill that was defeated. Neither
one of these is true.

My main reason for displeasure.
however. is that the article then presented
the ROTC question as a “gay” issue — but
it is not! it is a “civil rights" issue! A per-
son docsn't have to be gay to oppose
discrimination on that basis. And the issue

here is discrimination versus non-
discrimination. This campus has a policy
that prohibits discrimination on the basis of
“sexual or affectional preference." Yet
ROTC is permitted to blatantly violate this
policy.

ROTC argues "it's the Army’s policy.
not ours. You're only hurting yourselves
(referring to gays) by trying to kick us off
campus."

As a student. however. i feel that too
many people will be hurt by allowing ROTC
to remain on campus. This would not only
render useless all the time invested seeking a
non-discrimination policy. but would also
set a precedent that would recognize that
military. or any group that will supply
grants and scholarships. has the right to
pick and choose who is allowed to get an
education. '

There are quite a few other perspectives
on the ROTC issue. and it is my hope that

both this University and the ASP will
recognize that when discrimination is con-
doned. everybody loses.

 

— Julie Pelnso

 

i 1

MAR BIS‘I'CRS

“vou'ae nu ma MURDER? ruuuv, m m maetus'mc‘roi'

 

The Past Voices

To the Editor:

Given the recent controversy over ROTC
on campus. it is enlightening to examine
what some of the world's most eminent in-
tellectttuls. scholars. and cultural leaders
have had to say about its educational valttc.

For example. on October 12. l930. an ap-
peal against conscription and the military
training of youth was issued publicly by_
Jane Addams. John Dewey. Albert bins:
tein. Sigmund Freud, Thomas Mann, Ro-
tnain Rolland. Bertrand Russell. l-l.O.
Wells. and numerous other figures of their
intellectual distinction. it stated:

" We believe that everjvliodv who since/'0»
iv wants pence should demand the abolition
of military training of youth and should
help tilirogate the right of governments to
impose conscription upon their citizens.
Conscription places the individual entire/y
ill the Itit’l'('_)’ o_l'mililtu;tY po tvt'rs. II is aform
of .slrrvt-rv. . . Milt/(try training is the
education of the mind and body in the
technith ofkilling. It is education for war.
It i.r the perpetuation of the war Ittentolily.
It I/UWII'IA' the growth of man's will for
peace. The older generation commits a
grave crime against the younger generation
if in schools, universities. official and
private organizations, youth are educated.
often under the pretext of physical training.
in IIlC’.V(’iL‘It('L’ of war. . . Let the peoples of
all countries adopt as their goal: No more
militarization! No more conscription!
Education for ltumrmit y and peace!"

To these sentiments. expressed more than
a half-century ago, i can only add: Amen!

— Lawrence S. Wittner
Associate Professor of History

 

 

Teach Peace

 

To the Editor:

What is the Reserve Officers Training
Corps (ROTC)? Why is it on the SUNYA
campus? Does it belong here? These are
questions ofcentral importance to the ensu-
ing debate over ROTC's presence on cam-
pus.

ROTC is a program of the US. Military.
its purpose is to train college students for
careers as officers in the army.

The US. Army is a violent institution.
Like all armies. its primary function in-
volves mass destruction and the taking of
human life. While the military may be a
necessary evil to be used as a last resort. this
does not change the fact that it is basically a
killing machine. As such it has no place on
the college campus.

The university. as an institution. is a
center of higher education and rational
thought. One of the purposes of higher
education is to teach people to use reason to
resolve conﬂicts via peaceful means. in con-
trast. .ROTC preptfres students for careers
in an institution dedicated to achieving
goals through violent means.

Presently. the superpowers possess
enough nuclear warheads to destroy all
humanllife many times over. Given this
fact. war is no longer a viable solution to in-
ternational problems. The world desperate-
ly needs an alternative.

 

 

courluy: Wat Rulllen lulu:-

The university is in a position to offer
such an alternative. Herc. peaceful methods
ofconflict resolution can be researched and
taught. Yet SUNYA has gone in just the op—
posite direction. Four y-ars ago. a Peace
Studies department was eliminated. Last
year. a military slttdics program. in the
form of ROTC. was established.

This dangerous course tuust be reversed.
SUNYA should teach peace. Let the
military academics teach war. if it is to he
taught at all. The first crucial step in this
direction is' to push ROTC off campus!

-— ’l'om l’orelte
— More Slolzeuberg
Coalition Against RO'II'

 

magmatsasaamgwmswm~t A- --

Eyewitness Report '

 

'lo the Editor:

[am writing in response to a letter which
appeared in the (February 23 issue) .45]’
regarding the Marine recruiters in the cum
pus center.

First of all. i would point out that thc\
are not “recruiters”. they are an Officer
Selection learn (and l cmpltasi/c the word
selection). Their purpose is not to come on
campus to proclaim military policies as the
author of that letter would like to believe.
Their tnission is to contact. inform and
screen those individuals who are interested
in becoming Marine Officers.

Secondly. the author gives the impression
that the Marines in the campus center were
either a) standing around broadcasting the
military's policy regarding homosexuals or
b) happened to be discussing this topic
when he was passing by and he decided to
investigate. Neither is the case. i know
because i was there.

i witnessed this individual patiently stand
at the Officer Selection team's table for
close to ten minutes while the Officer in
charge talked to a person who was in-
terested in the Marine Officer Program.
After this young man departed. the author
of the letter in question approached the
table and immediately began asking ques-
tions about the military‘s policy regarding
gays. This individual and his friend were
there for close to fifteen minutes asking
questions and debating with the Officer
over this issue. During this time the Officer
was respectful. polite and treated him with
dignity. However. in his letter he gives the
impression he was dealt with in a coarse and
harsh manner.

 Gift!

inSll lWERI

 

   

4....tu..t..t~ut‘ "'l

UNITEsarmtfn: r. 
JL Rec UtTllgtgA§lobfiAVY
.. 3......gmwm m as“ I 

l9" Recalling Falter

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fun, Fun, Fun

ith The Audubon

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

      
 

 

  
  

