  
   
       
    
 
  
  

 

 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
     
 

 

 

WWW
meager“?  .- versus-lame”

     

photo by Barbara Reich

Pass or fall? Sandra Dani is the one
good reason to see Miss Margarida's
Way at the PAC.

 

d

ri

ﬁling...“ '

4"  ..__.._..__._

 

 
  
 
   

_ .wo things are vital for the success
I' lof a one character play: an in-
'teresting. if not fascinating
character and a talented performer in the
role.' A bad actress in a good role can be
deadly —— a good actress In a bad role ls
merely frustrating. The good news.
therefore. Is that the production of Miss
Margarida’s Way playing through Saturday
at the PAC is frustrating rather than deadly.
but after almost two hours. the difference
becomes obscured as the play itself.

Mark Rossier

Miss Margarida, a perverse cross between
Mary Poppins and Roseann Roseannadana.
is every student's nightmare. She’s rambling.
dictatorial and probably a bitch of a grader.
ln addition to her teaching problems. she Is
also paranoid and sexually frustrated. Miss
Margarida is indeed a mess. but she is not
totally to blame. Playwright Roberto
Athayde is not content to let Miss Margarida
Just be an eighth grade biology teacher, no
—- she must be the teacher of us all. she
must be a symbol. That's quite a respopsiblli-
ty. especially when Athayde never bothers to
tell her (or us) what she is supposed to be

 

 

 

 

, symbolic of.

a Takes

  
   

initially. I thought It had something to do
with religion because the set is dominated by
a crucifix. and Miss Margarida repeatedly
asks the class (aka. the audience) if any of
them (us) is named “Messiah. Jesus or Holy
Ghost." However. since she speaks of sex
almost constantly. i thought she was meant
to be a symbol of the sexual repression caus-
ed by a domineering religious belief. That
would have worked if it were not for all her
references to power. will. force and submis-
sion. See. Miss Margarida Is supposed to be
an authority figure, and a dictatorial one at
that. but at the same time she appears to be a
victim of her own tortured soul. All this gets
very complicated and the more complex it
became. the more I began to think that dif-

‘flculty was being used to eoVer~up

shallowness.

This play has no real point or function and
the incredible pretention of the final moment
is laughable. It seems like the work of a child
who likes to swear and tries. unconvincingly.
to conceive of a situation where It might be
acceptable. The only thing Miss Margarldn's
Way is good for Is supplying some actress
with the kind of role that is frequently refer-
red to as a "tour de force." Fortunately. San-
dra Dani is up to the task and she makes the

Leftist Out In The Cold“

“You know how the game goes honey,
We all eat it once In a while"

hough Art Garfunkel was singing

about something totally different

when he uttered those immortal
words. he could have just as easily been
referring to my Oscar predictions In last Fri-
day's Aspects. Actually. my overall percen-
tage of 11 out of 18 is purely respectable as
far as Oscar guessing goes. but when you
miss Best Actress and Best Picture I suppose
getting soqu and make-up right doesn't
really matter. My problem was that l
underestimated both the Academy's sen-
“ ‘ '“ and cowardice.

Mark Rossier

The suprise win of Katherine Hepburn for
Best Actress Is a perfect example of senti-
ment and awe winning out over talent. i love
Hepburn as much as anyone else. i even
paid $27.50 (plus train (are) to see that awful
Broadway play she's in. but that doesn't
mean I can't be objective about her. Unlike
Henry. Hepburn's Work In On Golden Fund
was not all that spectacular — she has cer~
tainly done far better in roles for which she
wasn't even nominated. Keaton and Streep
both give superior performanCes and even
Susan Saradon's work In Atlantic City could
give Hepburn a run for her money in terms
of quality. The Hepburn victory shows voter
sentiment at Its peak. Apparently. It seemed
inconceiveable to them that they could see
the Great Kate's name on a ballot and not
put an "X" by it. Academy members don't
lnierpet the award as saying Diane Keaton's
work In Reds is better than Hepburn's in
Golden Pond. they see it as saying that
Keaton is a better actress than Hepburn
which. of course. is absurd. But then so.
often. is the Academy.

Even more shocking than Hepburn's win
was that of Chariots of Fire as Best Picture.
This film was no doubt a compromise
choice; Reds and Atlantic City were too artsy
and Golden Pond and Raiders were too
commercial so therefore the film that falls
Somewhere in the middle wins.

However. other frltthf‘r also played A role.

 

 

 

 

 

li is ironic thnt in his Best Director acceptance
mimich Warren Bunny unedited (Juli and
Wmt’urn. a grind rnpitnllst orgi‘iiilzeitioii. (or
having the lellliilrt In .iipport a film .ihtitil
"rln' beginning.» oi :‘zint'iiiuin communism
.nnl uUClLIll‘JlIl ' llll‘ Iiitlll/ l‘. lliril (lull «int'

U/ig-Jt‘r!) rrliuiotiali,‘ llrlll riioiw rourmiw than
:izt. film", polin :lti
oi, Alno liuriuui .i I. .u

1.1:: /\c:itlt:my .m .v
.jtrnni (‘cilltithl it- :' '3‘
...

:i it‘ildltfilli: ', i. hangout, :noi iii.

 

r thunk“!('mijilt‘np‘lﬁrrth'i'd"lizﬁflfll'W'Ml‘ ‘i"'l' '(lfnhﬂii‘ .r 'i 'r u  ‘-l

 

Roe-let in for ‘3’
Actor: solute= Gwyn:
Actlu i StIP‘°‘°“

I suspect. somehow dangerous.

The rest of the awards went as expected.
but It is worth noting that the backlash
against Reds was so total that It was held
down to only three awards (the others being
for Maureen Staplaton as Best Supporting
Actress and for Cinematography). Also In-
terestlng is the fact that. after changing the
rules so It could be nominated. Man of Iron
lost the Best Foreign Film award to
Mephisto.

Despite Its three and a half hour length.
this year's show was actually the best In
years. The big production numbers. which

are usually deadly. worked suprlslngly well
this time. Gregory Hines' and Debbie Allen's
salute to Harry Warren was old fashioned
show biz in the best sense of the word. Of the
nominated songs. "For Your Eyes Only"
had the best number: the special effects were
great fun to watch and. more importantly,
made Sheena Easton's presence totally lr-
relevant. ’

0n the minus side there was Lionel Rit-
chie and Diana Ross racing through a ver-
sion of "Endless Love" as If each wished they
could do it as a solo.

This year's presenters were a pretty bland

 

An Incomplete) ‘

evening bearable.

Actually. she makes It more than bearable.
She gives an extraordinarily controlled per-_
formance In a role that could easily be over-
done. She runs through a range of emotions
with remarkablke grace, but to no avail: the
play is against her every step of the wayI

Louis P. Vasconcello’s direction helps ac‘
centuate Dani‘s virtuosity. but he doesn't
seem to get the point of the play either. The
set, a church-like structure covered in
newspaper. framed by two flags. mixes the
political and religious aspects without clarify-
Ing either. Dressing Miss Dani in red. white,
and blue and having her carry a blue purse
similarly adds to the confusion. Additionally.
staging the play so that the audience ls put in
the role of the students is an old technique in
theatre of the absurd (If that's what this Is
meant to be) and. In this case. not a par-
ticularly effective one.

By the end of the night Miss Margarida‘s
swearing and ranting and raving become
tiresome and uninteresting. After two hoursl
cared about nothing but going home. At one
point. the teacher tells us "No one asked
your opinion about coming In and now you
can't get out." Maybe Athayde speaks more
truthfully than i gave him credit for. D

bunch —— no drunks. no tacky dressers and
no overdone political statements; only Bette
Mldler stood out in the crowd. l was.
however. baffled by the choice of John
Travolta. the only man on earth to whom the
language in Quest for Fire is not a foreign
tongue. to give the wonderful Barbara Stan-
wyck her long overdue honorary award.
Stanwyck was the star of the evening. Not
only did she look fantastic. she gave the
evening's most heartfelt speech. (Her only
competition was Warren Beatty. The worst
speech was given by Ernest Thompson who
proved that he speaks as arrogantly and
pretentiously as he writes.) We should also
feel a bit sorry for Melina Canonero who
received her Best Costume Design award
from no lesser a team than Robert Hays and
Morgan Falrchild. It is unfortuante that such
honors should be ruined by the presence of
such talentless souls.

However. It Is really Warren Beatty who
deserves the bulk of our sympathies. Not
because the Oscars are such an earth-
shattering affair. not because he is starving or
poor or lonely. not because. in the long run.
who won the Academy Award In 1982 mai-
ters. but because he tried to do something
different and got shafted by the very industry
he was attempting to Improve. Cl

Collectors’ Items 

ast year, the realization that the

I University must tighten itstbelt a bit
caused the University :Art-Gallery

to look inward to their own resources for ex-
hibition materials. The result: American
Prints from the Uniuersity Collection. on ex-
hibit through April 18. A grant received from
the lnstitute of Museum Services. a federal
agency in the Department of Education. has
helped service this exhibit and the effort is
apparent. The show. which offers twenty-
llve prints. is rich in variety and intellectual
@1th;

Debbie Milirnan l

5:”. Francis} lithographs. Pasadena "3 . W___ _ _. ﬁg ,7 m , 7 . llIL't'L'S were living listid for sttnlypurposcil in
and Untitled. «in: exceptionally intriguing crcnsinglypopular over that last decade or so the ‘hfl's lillll ‘70'5. they suffered some
pieces. This colors rtlt.‘ striking and the (sour VIiI his work in The New Yorker hurl other deterioration in their physical condition. The
siructlon .uul lorinut dl’l.‘ rurninismnt of lidllltliiil magazines. l'lis lttluigrnpli Gallery provided serious,conservation work.
Wnssily Kundinslty's. unrly Compositions or Ul'ifllfi‘tffl'lfi7) isliitciustlng. but not lump on Hurlmm l'rlli'klt'j and Juan Rosstcn set up
lmproviaitionn Mnrk 'l‘uliey's lithograph. f)(' .i pm Willi ~;onl(' of his other works. it >l-tlitls Lilun‘nlrirt} in lll“ Fine Arts Building and they
when won‘t. i.) -,L1(I),i§,') .llem l'l)llait.’l’.")rll'- on it“. own. and tln: mun-pl of the llllilllliilpll went to work. 'l'lu: how and effort put into-
iiun paintings in it:. I.ftlll])l(‘}‘. \.’(’I‘l)tt$l|y‘ulul in is highly n multipiul, but appears in: ninplictt'. ‘ this exhibit l‘i obvious llusiitus the excellent
trlciicy. lint it Is. unique lit and of ii'ault. and Richard l.lliflfl|‘l"‘ lllll'tll'dl’llt WU AT" A“ Variety of I‘rlllll‘i. lllt,‘ conservation and
offers fltt‘ uivwcr: n illiI/i' ill intpt'iit'iut: :i: (Illf'. is also somewhat rllsnppullllli'lfi. 'l'lttf ‘-ftllJlll/tlllf‘tll work Wli‘i highly successful. As
1|“: gets. more and more tltlt’ltllj lli‘vitht‘ll idea of "relativity" is good, but thnmitilltlv l).iiiii~l Webster l‘xtllllllt’il Ill (lit: l‘lutnsrintht:

< .i i. w u Initial", when... iiiminlitiiivililiimniiitirduhminim:initi‘il/rmptintmliiiig“ti'iti-l. ilrili‘li’. iii‘i.i.ilii..ilit'r.lfthird it!

'.inl 'tl-J.l.l.“l[!" iii l1.“

n A, In mini ~i

 

 

From the University collection: Thorn
O'Connor‘s The Magician.

 

 

i, Ii,

‘lll‘fl i, llIil"lli'2 l;I'I'l ll.ti:i.i

photo by Marc Henschel

.efrieammm.m-.Jm.....,...._.., . .. s ,

position is excellent and his technical ability
to work With color and line Is formidable.
The bright color leaves one feeling amused.
but played all with the concept. It becomes
almost frightening. I

Thom O'Connor's lithograph The Magi:
clan. is, perhaps. the strongest piece in the
show. its intricate line consistency and
penetrating depth are examples of high craft-
manshlp and technique. It is truly magical
and captivating. Roy Lichtensteln's cool
lithograph Explosion did Just that! it appears
to come right out of the frame. The Gallery is
privileged in having this reputable prim. and
at one glance. one can see why.

it is important to note lusre that while these

itlt' ll'tiw .rl Lift ulivilr :‘i' it " l I

 
     
  
 
     

“The drinks are on me!": SCS Ill spotted at posh supperclub
celebrating new job with elite circle of friends.

 

 
  
  
   

 
  
  
      
      
    
     
    
     
   
     
      
     
    
    
   

     

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

hile l am a proud sport, 1 am not a vengeful one. Therefore.
my article will be brief. The letter here lust came In the mall 
last Tuesday and l amon my wayup the ladder of success. in T POWE“
a way it was almost too easy. After all. being born Into wealth and poWer w ALT“ I
is a blessing today and one that i really shouldn't take for granted: At Esq“ “T V ‘
times I feel almost a little bit guilty about getting everything i want and “M. “N '
desire without having to work for it. Simple human ethics tell me i should “
» be humble. “basin: “x:ng
_ ' ‘ wwdln‘) "\thh‘“
Sebastian Caldwell Spalding, lli . .w. is x  we U 
' ' . . Sebas'w'h c. n“! W“ "i '.i n “' we on ‘if' mum)“ and
And yet l hear all these “sob stories" about the poor little rich kids who m" be it... um 2:22.“ “minim” " \ M“ “ O 319“ “wilful '33:;
are always talking off your ear about how awful it is to be rich and Lat 33““. 5. $th H “‘u\\\‘d"':':\“\\te“titty; 9L. n  W. “‘5‘”
wealthy. They'll maintain that money means nothing to them and they  .ank 0‘ 5. u it“ 3'...- \\I\' its?“ n' “"33; pui““"“'s mud
couldn't care less about all the clothes they have in their closet or the ' (“,0an \\“‘\“;.:.. xiv“ ‘7"'.:‘\:..wa\skilﬂ.l\ .thilu‘_“'.,,....\it 5“ -\ nita
Florida Condo they visit every vacation or the bronze tans they carefully ‘N" \‘ai‘lnd‘ "' “a THEM“ 56.1w“ “’"m sil‘“"""" -\|\t\" n“""' " 0
display every February and late March. ' ""‘m' ‘ n '\'\.'.Lnn‘“ 9"" “in” “ v" ,., audit.“ tic _
I personally know of some poor little rich kids who have given up the  “hwy. “.3.- \ c... us (mm w M
material comforts of home and actually set out on their own. slee in in wt“ I. ... u" ""L
3 cheat: ghettolaparrtments and eating food cooked by themselvespThgese WM (5“ inc Wf‘
' are t e peope w 0 actually think that a ersonal vow of overt will ' I .
somehow make a political statement aboutp their lack of avarice. y SUM'M' ' I '//M 
l. on the other hand. do not have that problem. i love money. Plies "1‘ “u. \d\‘\¢u5\t‘“’ twinning 5w“
5’ and piles of it. l love the smell of a fat. sweaty walletstuffed with crisp, Wanna ‘l “lamina W" .wc\c|in\u I” “N '
. green slices of the great American Dream. i can't understand what it is l’l'wdeu" .\ Bthc‘N‘us"
about people. mainly socialists. who claim it's evil and wrong to get lots “Wham” "3“

   
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  

hypocricy.

Boca Raton.

ory Block's newest album High

R Heeled Blues on Rounder Records

_ is her stunning return to the blues
from which she had departed for two years.
' = Her career has Included seven albums rang-
‘ng from traditional blues to rhythm and
lues to disco. Recording since age 12 and
laying guitar for four years before that. this
album reflects truly her talents and
moreover. really shows that she wants to
. play it.

 

Mike Ftalff

Born in PrInCeton. NJ, and raised in
» Greenwich Village. Rory started on classical
recorder and moved to classical guitar later.
nfluenced by the bluesmen that were living
In the Village at the time. Rory started play-
lng blues guitar with her father. a fiddler and
another big Influence on her life. It was with
(him she recorded her first album. a duet call-
ed the How to Play Blues Guitar with
Stephan Grossman. Released In l966. this
lbum listed her as Sunshine Kate. and in
3 doing so. Rory says. gave too much credit to
Grossman. as she played a lot on the album.
According to Rory. this album was a great in-
fluence to Phoebe Snow and later to David
romberg.

After an eight year respite. Rory again
began'to perform publicly. At a concert in
Philadelphia In 1974. she says that with the
elp of David Bromberg. she played to a
V. rowd that gave her a standing ovation after
ne song.

About a year later. Rory co-produced an
lbum tltled Rory Black on RCA records.
With all original rhythm and blues songs.
Rory remembers that the record company
gave her a great deal of trouble in the making
of the album. According to Rory. the pro~

 

 

 

strings. and other instrumentation that Rory
’ oblected to. When she objected. she was
‘ told to leave it to them. She had. she says.
almost no control of what went on vinyl.
Turned off by this experience. Rory mov»
0d lo a small record label. Blue Goose

STéppingOutWith Rory 315cc“

ductlon was too overblown with horns and .

' of money. And usually those very same people are the ones who have
_ come from a rich background. Fortunately. I do not have the problem of

So. as you read the following letter, keep In mind that I Sebastian
Caldwell Spaldlng. lll. do not have a problem reconciling vast fortunes of
wealth. power and fame with my conscience. i will not be wearing my
shoes out looking for a job on the dirty streets of New York City. In fact,
the only shoes l'll be wearing out are my Tretorns at a tennis court in

  

as

~m\

  

Lady sings and picks the blues: Rory Block will join John Sebastian for a con-
cert at J.B. Scott's on the 10th.

Records. to make the next album. l'm In
Love. This low-budget. high-quality album
received rave reviews in Rolling Stone
magazine. Released in l977. the album
presented a rhythm and blues side and a
traditional blues side. This album got her
noticed by the president of Chrysallls
Records and resulted, after a time. In a
record contract for her and her band.

Still hesitant. she says. about large record
companies and their tendency to manipulate
artists. she paid the offer no heed at first.
Eventually. after several attempts to per-
suade her to sign. she did. and the album in-

toxicated.(l9'Z9) ensued. Rolling Stone call«
ed it a a “small masterpiece" and she calls it
her best album to date. Even though she co-
produced the album and wrote all the songs,
the record company still did not give her
enough room for artistic involvement and
failed to market the album well enough.

In I980. after long debating with record
executives about what was and wasn't sell-
lng. Rory made You're The One. a disco
album that she says was made “totally
against my will". She says she had virtually
no say as to content on the album. and they
even changed the name she gave It. She

says the experience was not a pleasant one

at all.

High Hee/ed Blues marks not only her
return to the blues. but marks a new phase in
her involvement in the making of her
albums. Here. she Is given ample space to
show off a beautiful blues voice and dextrous
guitar playing that makes very good use of
her classical training. With John Sebastian
co-producing and playing harmonica and
baritone electric guitar. the album survives
simply on the back-up (piano, hammer
dulcimer. and harmonium) and lives sump-
:uously on Rory's singing and playing.

Rory's voice is strong yet subdued. It is
strong on her cover of Robert Johnson's
"Crossword Blues" but plaintiver subtle on
the traditional “The River ls Wide".

The choice of songs Indicates where he
heart lies: she covers songs by Skip James,
Robert Johnson. and other traditional
oluesmen in addition to writing three songs

I that blend in very well with the traditional.

She is "really enjoying" her work now and
believes that she has ‘never felt so good
about what l'm doing' as an artist.

Last Sunday. Block gave a concertat the
Albany Public Library to a crowd of about 75
very receptive people. Seeing the same in-
tricate guitar work and hearing the same
beautiful voice in concert as on record was
thrilling. Afterwards. she gave a small ques-
tion and answer period that was humorous
and uncommon. if you missed the concert.
don't despair: Capitol Cablevlslon '
videotaped the event and will be alriiig it at a
later date. Don‘t miss it.

Between the months of July and
September. Block plans to go on a solo tour.
beginning In Western Canada and finishing
in the Northeast USA. She. says that live
material from this tour may be on a later
album.

On April lOth. she and John Sebastian will
be performing at J. B. Scott's in Albany to
kick off the tour and to show off some of the
songs that she is writing for a new album that
she'll be making in May. By all means. at-

tend this concert. it should be wondedul. El

 

