 
   

wru- vrfrt-‘rr "1. .

< L;-

...'-.-. .. _~.w_—,.—-.~_«

it

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
  

 

si
s.
a1

MOO-l

nu one cannon)

Gsminl Jan Cale (462-0044)

Thurs. Fri. Sat—Fats Jellerson; Sun-Wed
— Joie Bell

Hulk-Baloo (436-1640)

22, 23—N.Y. Flyer; 29. ISO—The Dads &
Candy Apple; 31—The Lasers
Yesterday's (489-8066)

22. 23—Sox

Sklnillnts (436-8301)

23. Eddie Angel Band; 30—Downtlme;
28—Bridget Ball

Pauly’s Hotel (463-9082)

22-Robbie at the piano; 23—Bubbles;
24—Fabulous Armadillos

Lark Tavern (463-9779)

22. 23—Crosslire. 27-Mark Rabin.
28—Tom Fish; 29. Bil—Too Late for Long

Hair Boys

The Sheli (436-7707)

22. 23——Wa|ter Durerami; 2‘).
(ill—George Masterangelo & Friends (Jazz)
Eighth Step Coiiee House
(434-1703)

22—Contradance with Sue Elberger:
23—Fred Schmlt; 27—Open Poetry

Reading at 8:45; 2H—"Jeremiah
Johnson"; 29—Diane Sanabria & Debbie
Fish; 30—Greg Schaal '

The Chateau (465-9080)

22. 23—The Sic F‘cks

Bu]. Clancys (462-9623)

22. 23~Cheaters; 28—l)owntime; 2‘).
Zill—Tapps

288 Lark (462-9148)

26—Charlie Smith Blues Band;
27—Tapps; 28—Eddie Angel Baird; Nov
2, 3—The X-Men; 4—Tlre A.D.s
September’s (459-8440)

22. 23—Match

Spectrum.

Troy Music Hall (273-0038)

28—The Kiezmorim

Albany Symphony Orchestra
(465-4755)

Nov 12-13—Lorne Munroe. cellist

PAC Recital Hall

Findlay Cockrell-pianist. Thursdays noon.
Free concerts lrom Oct 7-Nov 18.
SUNYA Rathsksllsr

28. 29——Badge

movies

Third St. (Rensseiaer.
436-4428)
Currently showing slide shows of local ar-
tists. One hall hour before each show. .Jirn
Sande. guitarist on Wed. evenings. 22-24.
26—28 —- Gregory's Girl; 25~-Benelit lor
Pierce Hall Day Care Center. Fame: 29.
lift—Harold and Maurie: 31 '“Ei‘dSBfliCi‘ltl
University Cinema 1 8: 2

7:30 and 10:00. $1 50 with tuxcard.
$2.00 without. LC 7 22-—Maklng Love.
23—Cohan The Barbarian. LC 18 21.
22~Victor Victoria

UA Hellman (459-5322)

Pink Floyd The Wall (R)

International Film Group (457-8390)
22——F.nter the Dragon; 23~Freaks;
29-—'l‘o Kill a Mockingbird. LC 1.
Fireside Theater

27~nght ol the Living Dead. 9.30 84
12:00 in CC Ballroom. admission lree.
UA Cinema Colonic l 81 2 (459-2170)
1 My Favorite Year at 7. 8:40. 10:20-Sat.
Sun at 2. 3:40. 5:15. 7. 8:40. 10:20; 2

Theater

 

On Golden Pond

 

Madison (489-5431)

Diner

Pox Colonic l l 2 (459-1020)

1 Fri. Sat—Monsignor. 7:00. 9:30; 2
Fr|—-The Chosen. 7:00. 9:15

theater

Cohoss Music Hall (235-7969)
21-24—The Fantastlcks

Schenectady Civic Playhouse
(382-9051)

The Diviners '

Albany Civic Theater (462-1297)

Oct 27-Nov 14—Fanny

University Theatre (457-7545)
19-23—Equus

Capital Repertory Company
(462-4534)

Oct 30-Nov 21~Sea Marks

Proctors Theatre (382-3884)

Nov 4-7 Barnum. Nov 3 Preservation Hall
Jazz Band

dance

The Performing Arts Loit, 286 Cen-
tral Ave. is sponsoring a “Kiganda African
Dance Workshop" on Saturday. October
23 lrom 2-4 pm. See Kigarrda Dance per-
formed; then try it yourself to live drumm-
ing. Fee is $0.50. participants must pre-
reglster, call the Loft at 405-5503.

art

SUNYA Gallery
Lotte Jacobi Exhibition Oct 22-Nov 24.
Opening reception. Oct 22 7-10 pm.

 

N.Y. State Museum (474-5842)
Photos of Harlem during the 20’s and
30's—opens Oct 16. Agricultural N.Y.
(until Jan 2); NY. Metropolis. Adirondack
Wilderness.

Empire State Plaza Collection
(463-4478)

Golden Day. Silver Night

Cathy's Wafﬂe Store (292 Lark 5t.)
Photographs of local Women
photographers. Exhibit runs to Nov. 6.
Schenectady Museum (382-7890)
Arlln Peartree Schulman: Abstract Steel
Sculpture and Wall Hangings Exhibit runs
Oct 12-Nov 20.
Portuguese-Brazilian Club

Posters. books. ceramics on Portuguese-
speaking people in Alrica. Red-Carpet
Lounge. 2nd- floor library. through
November.

miscellaneous

Albany Feminist Forum presents a
reading from Nice Jewish (iitls ~A Lesbian
Anthology on 'l‘lrursdrw. ()1'1 28 at 7:30
pm, Donation: $250 (more if you run.
less it you can't). Charming l lall (Unitarian
Church) 405 Washington Ave. (across
lront Draper Hall).

SUNY/Albany Law School Fair

CC Ballroom Oct 23 from 10:00-12:30
and 1:30-4:00

College oi Humanities and Fine
Arts

Carolyn Kizer (poet 8L writer)~public
reading of her poems. Oct 25 at 8:00 pm
in CC Assembly Hall

Research on Women Colloquium
in Search of a Life: Marietta Holley. Oct 27
at 12:14 pot in HU 354.

 

continued from page So

vibrating with a machined roaring
and my pulse was providing a
manic percussion. when around
the corner rolled a gigantic tank.
Its red star gleamsd in the
moonlight. and its turret was
revolved like the head oi a cobra
about to strike. It cracked its way
down the pavement with its stormy
passage. I was rooted like the pro-
verbial mesmerised mouse when it
rolled right up to me and stopped-
with a deaiening clank oi tread-
llnks. Silence in the city heard
through the singing chorus oi
blood in my ears. I was absurdly
conscious oi the hundreds oi little
eyes that were watching from the
black windows of the street. Bread
and circuses. l ielt the presence oi
large and heavy carrlon birds circl-
ing the moon above me. But. more
than anything else. I was extremely
awars oi the circular. black.
ominous aperture oi the massive
main cannon. which, with an in-
sidnons whisper of hidden
hydraulics. was lowering its barrel
and crosshalrs on my quaking
iorm.

There was no explosion. In fact,
whenever my mind wanders back
to that sweat-soaked dream I iind.
hiding in some cranal cavity like a
secretive hologram. my irosen iorm
still poised like a scared status in
front oi that massive example oi
man's technological death wish.
And sometimes I wonder what my
crime was, and what the men in the
tank were thinking. and what the
poor cringing souls in the com-
munist housing lining the street
were thinking. and even It the grim
sweat oi adrenalin would ruin the
taste oi my singed ilesh ior the
silent ﬂeet oi airborne vultures
circling the moon that night.

Those are just two examples oi
the life my mind is leading on the
other side oi the coin which Is
sleep. What strange twists the im-
agination can take while the body
is sleeping. oh so innocent and

 

child-like. in the sea shell iorrn oi
the fetal position! Who can say
what strange experience lies in
wait for me tonight when I blow out
the candle and slide into the slimy
saline depths oi the sub-
conscious? Will ] awake with gills
one oi these ilne SUNYA mom-

 

top
twenty

an

1) Dexy's Midnight Runners 'I‘oo-RYE-A Y

Forever Now
Spring Session M

8) Psychedelic Furs
9) Missing Persons

'10) Billy idol Billy Idol
11) Various Hudson Rock
12) Stray Cats Built [or Speed
13) Joe Jackson Night and Day

New Gold Dream
“The liitterest Pill"
I Want Candy

14) Simple Minds
15) The Jam
to) Bow Wow Wow

 

 

 

 

ings? Will I iind myseli like unior- 2 ABC The Lam)" a ﬂue '
“In.” Greaor samsa- wnh I bmnd ill English Beat Special Beat Slulrtilce  :Omfgvznd ‘ , _ “$171110?
new set of six hairy insect legs wav- 4) REM Chromc Town 10) Trim;- dIP: fligslun e 
ing helplessly in the Albany air? I 5) Adam/M“ Friend or Foe 20) TI)“; an Vtuas ' it! s
Piously mutter a humble prayer to 6) 5mm Pom” Saws ‘0 Remember “- )0 Its Hard
the myth“! 90d” 0' my ob'es‘m’m H 7) Fear of Strangers Four of Strangers  BsDay’ Jack
" 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
 
  
   

 

 

    
  
 
 
  
  
  

       
  
 
 
  
  
  

A

" r
t.

‘ 
l6|

 

  

*HO-Pe Isa Good lil‘tniltf

 

?

— I 

".lii’.
§hl§g_

 

 

0000000
0000 oooaa

  

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
  
  
 

 

\iix
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

 
 

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
  

 

 
 
 
  

  
 
  

   
  
 
 
  
  

 

L E

 

 

 

 

 

Unorganized Klein

To the Editor

Although my parents did not visit and take part in the
festivities planned for Purcnts' chkcnd. my friends and i
did go to the Speaker's Forum to see Robert Klein Saturday
night. Being a highlight of the weekend's activities. 1 could
not believe how badly organized this event was.

The Spcakcrs' Forum committee knew exactly how many
tickets were sold by the time Saturday evening rolled
around. Why wasn't there an organized system of having
cvcryonc wait in line. then an orderly collection of the
tickets? instead. my friends and i felt as if we were at Shea
Stadium waiting to see the Who concert. I’m sure over one
thousand tickets were sold. Where did the committee think
everyone would assemble as the time to enter the gym
ttctlrcd'l i can't believe this was so blatantly overlooked.
General admission usually means first come. first scaled.
Unfortunately this was not the case that night.

Once inside. it rrrtrjority of the audience was settled brrt
there were quite a few people lined up against the wall or
sitting on the i'loor. b'tlft‘ly precautions were overlooked as
well. with the blcacher' aisles filled with parents and
students alike. iltld i purchased tickets for rtry parents and
they were not scaled itl il proper fashion I would have been
pretty annoyed. There was room on the gym floor for more
seats to be added. Once again i can't help htlt wonder
where the forum committee thought everyone would sit irt
reasonable comfort?

1 sugch the next time the forum presents it speaker that
draws a substantial crowd, more workers be assigned to al-
tcnd to the demanding needs of the audience (such as more
ticket collectors and some ushers). Next time. let's try to
make the event seem a little more professional than the pro-
cess of filing into see a movie at the Sunrise Cinemas on
Long island.

Nancy (lurcn

Legal inadequacies

To the Editor:

i would like to join it few others in expressing my concern
over the disturbing sequence of events following the sexual
assault on Ronnu Shapiro. it simply amazes me that Ms.
Shapiro's alleged attacker can in no way be prosecuted for
rtlpc tlrldcr current university guidelines. How can any
respectable institution ignore one of the most damaging
and humiliating crimes that a woman (or man) can suffer?
Perhaps the university refuses to acknowledge the fact that
such violent crimes do happen and have happened on this
campus. This inadequacy in the University (iuidclincs will
only serve to encourage other potential rapists who will feel
frcr.‘ to take liberties with the knowledge that the worst that
can hllppcn to them is university probation for "abuse and
sexual harrussmcnl."

i also find it cquttlly disturbing that Ms. Shapiro, upon
attempting to take her ctlsc to criminal court. was told that
she could not prosecute ill a criminal court because she had
taken too long to report the crime. Whtit possible
significance could this fact have? Docs it make the crime
any less. serious. or the attacker less guilty? Many women
do not wish to suffer any further humiliation by publicizing
their attacks. and rightfully so. The treatment given Ms.
Shapiro following the reporting of her crime is supportive
of this.

1 cannot be convinced that crimes that were committed
long ago are not still being prosecuted today. After all. why
do we still hunt Nil/.1 war criminals? This whole incident
just makes me wonder how such inadequacies in the legal
system can prevail irt our society.

———lirncc Sucks

Kudos to Five-Quad

To the Editor:

On the afternoon of Sunday, October [7. my lilil’llilitlt'tl
softball team was warming up for an important game. in
the midst of it simple drill. a freak accident occurred. A
very close friend of mine stepped in front of another player
swinging a but. My friend was hit squarely in the back of
the head and sent immediately to the ground.

Within minutes. several members oi the Five-Quad
volunteer rescue squad were on the scene. They ad-
ministered first aid with expert care to the victirrt urtlil the
ambulance arrived. Although this was no minor incident.
the volunteers frorn Five-Quad handled it with the utmost
0f professionalism. if anyone had responded
differently,thc injury may have been much more severe.

My friend spent more time waiting outside tltc emergency
room than he did waiting for the ambulance to arrive and
take him to the hospital. The Five-Quad team had done
more titan their share of caring for and reassuring the pa-
tient during the entire ordeal.

i believe that this incident clearly showed that Five-Quad
Volunteer Rescue Squad is tr necessary organization to this
campus and more importantly, that they possess near-
profcssional ability in handling emergency situations that

jrnay nrisc on campus. i feel that this organization has not
received the recognition and praise that they deserve.

i don‘t believe that any team of paramedics. whether
paid or volunteer. could have done a better job. than Five
Quad did during that brisk afternoon. i congratulate these
people on capabilities and knowledge of their job and for
contributing to the safety and overall life here at SUNYA.

Jeffrey Schneider

Sales struggles

To the Editor

I run writittg this letter in response to tilt: ‘Sltlcs
lnisrnunugcmcnt' letter which ttppctrrcd ill the ill/l9 issue
of the xiSl’ written by tut unnamed student of Professor
(irccn's MK’l‘. 430 Sales Management course. As tr fellow
student of the author of this letter. I feel an overwhelming
necessity to rebuke this person's gloss misconceptions of
the situation and express my pctslmttl thoughts on the utt-
t'nundctl criticisms that appeared itl the letter.

MK'i‘ 430 is not a marketing dcgrcc requirement and
SUNYA's course adjustment policy provides students witlr
ample time in which to drop any course that does rlut meet
lllt.‘ll goals or expectations. Professor (lrcen publicly ex-
pressed his course objectives during the first meeting of the
course and encouraged those students who felt they may be
unable to meet his course requirements, to search for u
more suitable course in accordance with their own needs.
All courses require that students spend a certain amount of
time. outside of the classroom. studying the course
material. and the lab on Thursdays is simply a rt‘quircmcnt
of this nature. Frccly dispensing with additional personal
time, Professor Green extended his own availability to in-
clude this past Friday as well its Monday so that scheduling
and class conﬂicts would be diminished.

After being informed that the Business School was lliill—
hic to provide him with it rootn in which to conduct this lab.
Professor (irccn temporarin (twice!) resorted to conduc-
ting classcs in his home in order to remain on schedule. Ort-
ly one representative from each class group of five students
was asked to attend and transportation was available
those who had a true interest irt attending. One had only to
ask! Professor now has his personal equipment available
outside of his office in the Business Building. which seems
an inconvenient bttt acccsiblc location for everyone.

Professor Green's main concern is not with ‘cnticing
firms' to come to Albany bill with proividing us with
ttnrr'kcttrblc skills with which to facilitate our job search
after graduation I find it difficult to comprehend that :1er
college senior would ltot welcome this opportunity. Flir-
thr~rrnorc, 1 encourage the author of the 'Sillcs
h’llhlllillltlgL‘lliClll" letter to refer back to his/her “one-half
page" of “pertinent inforrtlution" to see that Visiculc is mil
at business language t'or L‘tllllplllL‘H hrrt an electronic balance
shch used for accounting purposes.

to ilrfcr that Professor (irccn doc» rtot "have the time
and patience to inspire learning“ is a serious rnisintcrprettl—
lion of at man \vh - spends remarkable amounts of his pcr-
sontil time and exhibits more patience than any professor
should be cxpcctcd to have. ill order to further his student‘s
learning experience as well as our future opportunities.
Professor (lr'ccn's “own purposes and benefits“ to be oh-
tlrincd through this course are of anything but a personal

Established in 1916

Editorial
News Editors
ASPocta Editor ..
Aaaoclnta ASPects Edtto .
Sound Editor ...
Vision Editor .
Sports Editors . . . . . . .
Associate Sports Editor
Editorial Page: Editor. .. .. ... Lisa Strain
Contributing Editor . . . . . . . . . . . .. Andrew Curmlt
Editorial Assistants: Debbie Jurtuu. Dobhio Protein. Marc Schwarz Stall
wilinra: Gina Abrurd, Mlku Benson. Dave mumkln, Both Brlnsur. Ray
Clrllgiuur. Kort Cantor. Hubert-Kunuulh Dickey. Elli Flachui. ilohurt Gordon.
Siovo Gossut. Stephan Irriold. Danica Knight. Charles M. Greene. Donna Mat:-
Mlilun. David Michaolsun, Curl Pnlkrr. Lisa Pazor, Phil Plvnrck, Linda Quinn,
Liz notch. Randy Roth. Spectrum and Events Editor: Hunt Ginsberg.

Mark Hirrrvnoirll.Tl-ri Kantowltz
Dubbtu Mtilrnun
.. ... Megan G Taylor
. Hobart Schnuidur
thfllldﬂ VnnDunburgh
. MlcltatrlCorlnun.MaicHaspal
Mark Gosnor

    
 
    

 
 

  

   

Busrness
Bonnie Stevens. Business Manager
Nady Brodar. Associate Business Manager
Janet Dralluu. Advertising Manager
John Trot-no. Salas Manager

 
 
 

Billing Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Karen Satdoll. Judy Tomi
PayrollSupsnilIor.. . . . . .. Ariana Kaiiawitz
Office Coordinator. . .Jnnnltnr Block
Clullilsd Man-nor. .. ....Mickay Frank
Composition Manager . . . . . . . t . t . t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Melissa Wnusrrnan

Adv-ruling s-tu: Pater Forward, Neil Suaaman, Advertising Productlon
Man-gun: Mindy Horowltl. Susan Poarlrnan. Advent-Ina Production:
Randal: Bahar. Ronl Ginsberg. Jana Hltach, Michelle Horowitz. Julia Marks,
Elaine Russell. Rhonda Watt Gilles stall: Eileen Newman

 

Daan Belt. Edllar ill Cluul
Wayne Paaraboain. Managing Editor

(nature. His primary concern is with providing his students

.‘with a new and useful opportunity that without his energy

"and inﬂuence. would have sadly remained unavailable for
an uncertain amount of time. V

After reading your very disturbing letter, i presented
_ Professor Green with a copy of the ASP, as he had not yet
been informed of its content. His reaction was one of
disheartened silence. Those thirty-live students who attend-
'cd the class on 10/19 are already well aware of the impact
of this letter upon our meeting. Professor Green handled
the situation democratically. leaving the room while a
discussion and subsequent votc took place. in which an
overwhelming majority of the class was overruled by the
fur. n maining students that share your views. Upon being
informed of the result, Professor Green announced that the
class would. front this point forward, consist solely of ice-
turcs. With this announcement. distressed students pro-
cccdcd to quietly leave the classroom. several oi“ which
subsequently returned with beer and pretzels with which
they tried to console Professor Grccn.

Then: is trow it petition being circulalcd among those of
us who appreciated the efforts of Professor (irccn tilid wish
to we the original constructs of the course reinstated. in
closing i would like to express my personal gratitude to
Professor (irvcn itnd my wish that more professors at this
university follow his exceptional cxutnpie. liis concern
his students should NOT be condemned hut applauded as
well as common among those faculty members who have
yet to t'cali/c the fundatncntal principle of education.

—i’aui Sliversleln

Kahane speaks out

To the Editor:

As I have been told that your newspaper consilitutcs the
major form of campus communication for the students of
the Sitttc University of New York at Albany. | trope you
will grant me the opportunity to address a large segment of
the student body.

Jewish Students at "it: State University of New York at
Albany-do you agree to ltuving othch tell you who can
speak to you?

As a Jew and a person committed to freedom of speech
and listening. 1 am convinced that you abhor arty form of

censorship of Jewish licws.

And yet. that is exactly what is happening on your carn-
pus. i-‘or ycrrrs, tlrc li’ntti llrith. AJC turd other national
grottpx have had, as official policy. a ban on my appearing
:it any official branch of their organizations. Your rabbis,
your federation, L‘Olllllitlilriy and hilch leaders. have.
almost in u rntrrr and woman. refused to allow you to hear
me H|Wlll\'.

the issue is not Meir Kttlttlnc. it is the fundamental one
alone: Docs anyone have the rigltt to censor the views you
hurt '1 it they do. i feel sorry for you and your campus corn-
rlrurrily.

If you an: angry over this. demand that your student
groups support my right to speak ill your university on Oc-
tober 27th. Come and llL‘tlf mc speak on that date. i believe
that l speak the Jewish truth. At the very least. you have a
right to listen and decide for yourself.

—itrllrhi Meir Kuhrme

 

cﬂspectcs

Production

Jack Durschlag. Production Manager

Chlal‘lypnaettsr.. . .. . Cathie Ryan
VorticalCarnora . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .. . .. Bill Eoniila
Paula-up' Jerrtno Earkor. Loslio Fratktn. D vld Mlctraulao . ohn Moran
Typistl: Juycu Balk. Bill Buonoy. Erica D'Adamo. Pat Ftnocchtaro. Joanne
Gridorsluovo. Stuvu Gmorrbaum, Elizabeth Hoyman. Ginny Huber. Erucu Park,
Jooi Ronis. Mark Waller Chaulleur. Jot: Ollnnskl

  
  

   

Photography

Supplied principally by University Photo Service. a student group

Chill Fhotographan Dave Asher. UPS Stall: Chuck Bernstein. Alan Calam.
Amy Cohort. Sherry Cohen. David Hansen, Mlchulo Kolctratn, Hilary Lana. Ed
Mnrusalch. Lols Mattnbonl, Alan Mantle. Susan Elaine Mtndlch. David Rivera,
Lisa Simmons. Erica Spolpol, Suna Stolnknmp. Wurrorr Stout. Jlrn Valentino,
Marty Wulcoe. Will Yunnan

Entire contents copyright u r “382 Albany Student Plu- Carpuratlon.

inn Albany Sludanl Frost: Ia published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent
not-lcr-ptollt corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Girls) with members at the Editorial
Board; policy is aublncl to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising pulley
does not nncesurtty ralluct editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Pro-a. CC 329
"00 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(518) 457-889213322I3369

 

 

   

