 

 

 

  

 

 

 

Would Cripsuls‘

 

 

Soviets Stop Services

MOSCOW (AP) Soviet police stopped hundreds of peo-
pie from attending Russian Easter services Sunday. but
thousands of others ﬂocked to cemeteries to decorate
famiity graves with bread and roses and painted eggs.

The Orthodox Easter fails a week later than tltat Of the
Roman Catholic and Protestant faiths. it has endured as
a Russian tradition despite official Soviet opposition to
religious belief. ' '

Uniformed-and plainclothes Soviet police set up bar-
ricades around most of the more tame 40 Russian or-
thodox churches in Moscow. They allowed older people
inside. but blocked the younger generation from atten-
ding all-night services. ‘ ,

About‘vzoo young and middle-aged people gathered
around barricades outside one of Moscow's smaller chur-
ches. the 18th century church of the Dortnition of the
Potters. A number of young people. carrying umbrellas
to ward offa cold drizzle. softly sang to a guitar's ac-
companiment. ‘ - -

Legithors Try Once More

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) Leaders“ of the state Senate and
Assembly return from their holiday recess Tuesday to
tackle Gov. Hugh Carey's criticism of tire $27 billion-plus
state budget they put together last month. .

Carey last week slashed $900 million from the spending
plan approved by the lawmakers March 31 before they
began their thrcc-wcck hiattts. Carey claitncd the budget
was more than $500 million out of balance front the
$26.7 billion budget he proposed .tan. 1‘).

With the budget give-anditake now entering its 13th
week. Carey and lawmakers are faced with resolving an
ongoing dispute that has already delayed nearly $1 billiort
in state aid to school districts. whose paytnent was dtte
April 15.

Primate Wants Women Out

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Poland's Roman (‘athoiic
primate drew cheers from 30.000 Poles when he called
for the release of all women interned under martial law.

The appeal by Archbishop .loscf (llcmp was the first
by the church for the release of a specified group of irr-
ternees. He called for the release of the women “for the
month of May. the month of St. Mary. Let there be no
more interned women dttring May."

The primate spoke at a ccrrnony honoring a touring
replica of Our Lady of Crestochowa. the itttttgc of the
Virgin Mary at the Mountain of Light Monastery in
Czcstochowa. southern Poland. 11 is Poland's most
revered icon. and the crowd was the biggest outdoor
gathering since military rttlc was imposed four rnottths
ago.

Israelis Move from Sinai

YAMIT. Occupied Sinai (AP) lsraeli troops lifted women
rcsistcrs off a roof with a crane anti buttered open doors
Monday as they began removing Jewish settlers who rc-
jcct lsracl‘s pledge to return the Sinai Desert to iigypt.

“There was some weeping and everybody is in depres-
sion. both us and the army.“ a settler identified as
Mcnachcm Granit said in a two-way radio'broadcast
overheard by reporters. who were barred by troops from
watching the evictions. "Everything is being done irt slow
motion."

More titan 2.000 squatters in the Mediterranean coast
town of Yamit barricaded themselves in building after
morning prayers but troops made no immediate moves to
evict them. Yamit was the last of the settlements lsrael
established,aftcr it captured the Sinai in the 1967 Arab-
lsraeii War.

Jews Remember Uprising

(AP) Nearly 1.000 Jews, including survivors of Nazi
concentration camps. gathered in Brookline. Mass.. on
Sunday and their brethcn gathered in synagogues
throug’ out the country to remember victims of the
Holocaust.

Memorial services were planned in cities front Los
Angeles to New York to commemorate the 39th anniver-
sary of the Warsaw ghetto uprising in which thousands
of Jews lost their lives. Congress has designated this
week “Days of Rememberance of the Victims of the
Holocaust." '

“Our eyes have seen it. Out noses have smelled the
acrid smoke. Our ears have heard the screams of the tor-
ture." Jacob Brlnbaum. a‘ member of the Holocaust
Memorial Committee. told survivors and their children

 

Professor Edward LeComte (professor ctueritus) will
lecture on Wednesday afternoon. 4:00 pm. in
Humanities Lounge. 354.

He will be lecturing on "Milton's Battle of the
Angels: Who Likes it?” (Book 6 of Paradise Lost).
Professor LcComte retired last June but because of
ctncrgcncy surgery was unable to take part in planned
retirement activities.

The English Department has invited hitn to make the
first “Valedictory” lecture. a public lecture to be on a
topic of the professor's choice ordinarily to be given
during the last semester of the professor's tenttrc before
retirement.

The lecture is free and the public is cordially welcome.

Be Special with Olympics

Special Olympics of tire Capital District. Area 10. has
recently opened their new office in rootn B81 of the
Physical Education Center. With this new office,
Special Olympics will coordinate their business for the
six surrounding counties.

The Area 10 Spring Games. which are scheduled for
Satttrday. April 24. 9:00- a.m.. will be held at the
Physical Education Center and the surrounding fields.

in addition to coordinating the Games. Special Olym-
pics will be offered as a titrce credit undergraduate Corn-
tnunity Service program.

if you wislt tttorc information. write or go to: Area 10
Special Olympics. Physical Education (‘enter Room
[381. SUNY Albany. 1400 Washington Avetntc. Albany.
New York 12222.

SASU Positions Available

The Student Association of The State University
(SASU) ltas announced the opetting of two positions in
the Albany branch:

Communications Director: .101) activities inclttdc
writittg of press releases. press statements. news articles
and pamphlets.

Public relations experience is preferred.

Salary is $9.000 a year to start and benefits anti train-
ing are available. A minimum one year comtnittttcnt is
called for.

The second position is that of ()rgani/ct'. Your duties
would inclttdc recruiting members. building anti main-
tainirtg chapters. and raising fttnds.

Organiring experience is preferred.

Pay is $R.000 dollars to start depending ttpon ncctl.
Benefits and training are available.

For both positions please send rcstttnc and three
references to Search (,‘ornmittec. SASU. 41 State Street.

AlbanyI New York 12207.

at Congregation Kehillath lsrael in Massachusetts.

in the Chicago suburb of Palestine. six Holocaust surs
vivors planned to light candles in a service in mctnory of
the concentration camp victims.

 

Ground Zero Week Starts

(Al‘) Marches. speeches. bicycle tottrs and foot races are
serving as forums for blasting the bomb as Americans
observe Ground Zero Week - the new peace movement‘s
biggest assault so far on the buildup of nttclear arms.

in one of numerous exercises to demonstrate the ef-
fects of a nuclear bomb on an American city. a siren
wailcd in Fountain Square in Downtown Cincinnati and
eicyclists. joggcrs and at least one mart in wheelchair
scattered to sec how far away they could get frorn a I'L‘d
"x" marking tltc symbolic center of the attack.

But most of tire 200 people present just stood there.
“This probably will be the way they react to the real
thing.” said Anne Bernard Becker. who cltaircd Cincin-
nati's Ground Zero ()rganiling Committee.

Along the route of Monday‘s Boston Marathon, signs
will detail tltc destruction that would occur at caclt point
if a nuclear botub were to explode over the finish line.

Budget Talks Continue

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Senate Finance Chairman

 

Robert Dole said Sunday budget negotiators are ‘lgetting
down to the crunch" in their attempt to find a deficit-
cutting package. so President Reagan and House Speaker

Catvtpus BRiefs

 

 

 

Young Democrats Convene

The young Democrats will commence their 1982 elec-
tion drive with the political conference called “Leader~
ship '82." The conference will run April 24 and 25 in tile
Thruway House,‘ 1375 Washington Avenue. Albany,
and will consist of workshops to instruct Democratic
candidates. workers and activists.

Highlighted in the workshops will be seminars by [1.8.
Senator Daniel P. Moynihan. State Senator Donald

. Halperin ﬁnd Congressman Samuel S. Stratton.

On Sunday the 25th. Lieutenant Governor Mario
Cuomo will be the keynote speaker at a luncheon at the
Thruway House.

Tutoring Service. Open

Beta Gamma Sigma. the business honors fraternity.
has annouttced that it will be‘continuing its free tutoring
service for six business core courses: Accounting
211/222. M51 215. Math 108 and Economics-
100A/100i3.

Tutoring will be held Monday through Thursday and the
schedule is posted outside the Business Administration
Lounge. (BA 323).

15 Beta Gamma Sigma members. all Business honors
students have been running the tutorial service since
March 22. and they have only tutored six students. Tlrey
hope that you take advantage of their free service.

For more information please call Adam Vcltri at
457-7923 or Anne Newman at 482-5962.

Take a Trip for Credit

 

Tltc Metropolitan Council of American Youth
Hostels and the National Audubon Society's Expedition
instittttc are jointly sponsoring “Hostcling for Credit."
and uncommon opportttnity for students to explore
various regions of the US. and Canada.

Areas that will be included in the “course” are New-
foundland. New England and the Northwestern United
States.

Stnall co-ed expeditions into these areas will be led by
two trained graduate school leaders. The course is cntitl»
ed “Applied Human Ecology“ and is of liilCIr
disciplinary nature itt conjunction with the travel ex-
pericnce.

A free brochure.can be obtained by writing Karen
Bloom at Attterican Youth Hostels. 132 Spring Strcct.
New York. New York. 10012 or by calling (212)
431-7100 frotn 10:30 arm to 5:30 pnt Monday through
Friday

Thomas P. O‘Neill will have to make decisions soon.

The Kansas Republican said at the end of a three-hour
sccrct White House session attended by top Reagan aides
and congressional leaders that no major decisions on a
compromise had been made Sunday. Negotiators agreed
to resume their talks on Tuesday. he said.

“Nothing’s been rejected. notlting‘s been firtnly agreed
to." Dole said in an interview with the independent Net-
work News. "Wc'rc getting down to the crunch and we
need all tltc help we can get — l'm talking about the
presidcrtt. and the speaker of the House."

Criminal Hunter Speaks

BUFFALO. NY. (AP) Simon Wicnsenthal. the former
Nazi concentration catnp prisoner who gained fame lulu-
ting dowtt war criminals. said in a lecture Sunday that
the iiolocaust was a human tragedy. not just a Jewish
one.

Wiesncthal. 73. told art audience of nearly 1,000 that
six factors combined to make Jewish genocide possible
dtrrittg World War 11: hatred. dictatorship. burc' " ‘y.
technology. a crisis attd a tninority group capable of cs-
ploitation.

The death of six million Jews itt concentration camps
was little different. he said. than the attempt by Turks to
annihilate Armenians at the tttrn of this centttry. and the
exiling and deaths of millions of Soviets urtder Joseph
Stalin.

“in 37 years} I was not oply looking for Nazi criminals
to bring them [p.jusllcc," Wiesen‘thal said. “i was look.
ing for answers to the question. why?"

 

. . . . . . . . . . . , v . . . . . . . - . . - ... 90.01-J . huJoI-v.

 

   

2;
i

,.

’W‘ 

ﬁg.“

 

 

 

.1v‘t‘tﬁ :wﬁ'm

ar-r<:;r.‘srixupr~...-ei..r y~

By TERI KAPLOWITZ

M—

Thc sport of podiating began its
spring season Monday as hundreds
of students sunbathed. gossipcd.
drank. played frisbce and strutted
their new clothes on the podium in
worsltip of the previously hiber-
natittg sun.

With a “Downy-just-washcd-
freshness" in the air most students
seemed more exuberant and treated
the beautiful weather as almost a
spiritual experience.

The warm weather “makes me
feel alive" explained Junior Donna
chdig. “Everyone seems relaxed
and more friendly. People are still
uttdcr pressure. but it doesn't scent
to bother them. The weather makes
you forget."

0n the ledge facing the library. a
group of Pucrlo Rican students
wearing straw huts improvised
Calypso music on bright red bongo
drums,

Some students tossed frisbccs
across the dry floor of the fountain.
“They should have turned the
fountains on already," sttggcstcd
Jordan l.cwart.

The gates blocking the steps
down to the fountain were removed
last Monday. But .lirn I’at‘lcy

..-......-v.r....

predicted. "it‘s gonna snow the day
they tttrrt the fountains on."

But most students on the poditttu
just sat on the cement benches.
chatting with friends or absorbing
the sun's rays.

A few women laid next to the dry
fountain sunbathing in their
bathing suits. getting that extra
head start for their suntan.

Lcwart noticed “there are a let
more people smiling.“bccause of
the spring weather and "believes the
best new fashion “idea is the
resurgence of the mini-skirt."

“it‘s good to see girls in shorts
now.“ said Mitch Kofflcr. “After
such a dreary. snowy wirttcr. it's
great to have nice weather."

Sophotnorc Caryn Becker has
noticed art interesting phenomenon
in the Colonial Quad cafeteria. “i
make sandwiches on Colonial. and
everyone is ordering egg salad or
tuna on a plate with 'no bread
please.’ livcryone is on a diet." sltc
explained.

At 3:31) pm on Monday. tltc
library looked like a ghost town. cs»
ccpt for a few isolated spots on the
third floor where the students
almost reserve their seat for the en-
tire semester.

 

create new jobs.

 

liottlc liillcampaign,

 

Tenure

>conlinuedfronrﬁ'onl page

Volk agrees with ()hnmacht that
the Council conforms to University
regulations and awards no favor-
tism. “It's a very democratic pro-
ccss." she added.

liner and MirolT's tcmtrc requests
now lie on President ()‘l.cary'.s
desk. Whlc it is not certain what
()‘l.cary's decision will be. Head of
Personnel anti Research Consultant
to the Council. Henry Man.
estimates that in 85-90 percent of
tltc tctture cases. the president‘s
decision usually concurs with that
of tire Council.

 

NYPIRG’S Bottle Walk
to Culminate on Thursday

The 22-day. 220-tniic relay rek of NYPlRG's Bottle Bill tnarchcrs
will cttlminatc Thursday in a noon titnc rally at Albany‘s Capitol
building. That night. a benefit celebration fcatttring bands and booze
will rock the EBA Chapter House in downtown Albany.

Two branches of marchers have paced themsclvcs from Montattk
and Niagara Frills to tncet in Albany “to let the legislature know the
feeling of the public." according to NYPiRG activist Mark .lttckson.
The Bottle Bill proposes a tninitnutn five-cent deposit on beer and soda
containers which is intended to decrease litter. sayc tax dollars. and

’lhc upstate and dounstate branches will greet each other in the
“Welcome the Walkers Rally“. to hem lt‘gislitlhc’urcttkcts \slto sup.

mu m.- llotllc urn. a» 
no. i W '

 

l‘ltc late-night party at 351 llutldson St. I‘cntttl‘cs Albany buntls
“l'cnt Ul'Slt’ttllyL't‘s"ttlttl“'lltcl)tt)nt'/.".v\ll|1t‘occctls\\ill benefit the

Until the bill comes before the Assembly irrMay. NYl’th will
engage in “more grassroots lobbying. We‘ll be writing nttd calling the
legislators.“ said NYl’llKi actitist .lon (‘ohcn.

"(‘utnpus support has been tremendous.“ silltl Cohen. “We c\pect
a lot of students to finish the upstate leg frqu Troy to Albany.“

 

 

 

' "4i.
.

 

—Murk iiatntnontl
—

not.)u.-i.cars-.acup’nsss"t«.r’.':.f.£

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. APRlL 20. 1982

Students Come out of Hiberna

One professor held class outsidein
the grassy area behind the Perform-
ing Arts Center.

“The weather lifts your spirits."
said Suzanne (irccn. “It makes you
psyched for Mayfcst."

Although Hubert-Kenneth
Dickey enjoys the sun. lte said “it
scerus to be wasted. l‘m used to a
little revelry. They‘re just not doing
anything.“ he observed. pointing to
some podiators itt front ol'thc (‘am-
pus Center.

He also added “Podiating is a
very alienating experience. if you
don’t have a group of people. (you
know on the poditnn) there is no
way to fch humanity." He also
thought “People sit out in the sun
and feel guilty afterward."

However. most students seemed
to just who and enjoy an c\-
hilararing spring day.

By 5 pttt Monday. all that re—
maincd of the afternoon student
rcvclrie were many empty
llviickcn. Molson atttl Michelob
beer bottles as \\cll as countless
('okc attd Tab cans.

'1 lie podium looked like the afth-
matlt ol'a rowdy house pat ty. \\ here
the hostess had retired to bed. too
lazy to clean up.

._S_UN_YA students enjoy  Albany

A'ItIII(I(I_t".\ tt't’tIl/lt'l‘ hrmm/t/ tl/JUHI IIllIH/t'c [nu/[Una 

  

'.‘,.','.’..' ‘.'.'.".'.'.'.'::.'{.'3f1r¥lf$17K rr: {[1 Yr! IVY-I'l'llllv'fiﬁ‘n

3

tion to Podiate '

' "LCM; .
phIIIII: I Illlll littsllt’k’l'l‘N

Nukes Form ‘Hopeless’ Generation

NICW YORK. New York (AP) 'l'ltc
th 'at of ntrclcar destruction is af-
flicting children with tears and ans-
ictics and may be transforming
them into "a generation without
hope.‘ according to a report Mon-
tluy itt McCall's mngn/itte.

lltc article deals with a study by
Harvard Medical School

 

"We may be raising a generation
without hope. \\iiltntll promise of a
ftttttrc. cynical about the adult
world and helpless to change it."
the doctors rcptntctl.

Among images conjured up by
the word "nuclear." it was
reported. new "hit- _L'l.'|) clouds.“
“t'cd burning lights." “dcutl

psychiatrists William ". liettttlslec wildlife and dead ltttttuttt beings."

and John 1 . Mack. l|l\t)l\lll_L' more
titan 1.000 gratmnar and high
st‘llttttl sitltlL‘llis in the areas ol
llmton. llnltimotc and 1m
.‘\Il_vt'lt's. r

lltc tiot'tnts tlrsvmctctl that

\otnn' people are "dccpb lll‘slllllit'll .tll tru'tt-asctl

"cnncct ." "sadness."
“corruption” and

“radiation.”
“dangct.”
"\tttstv."
“Since the initial tulntinistrution
ll tIItI tittcstionttaitcs in lll'r‘ts'." lllt'

tlt‘rltHs tlL'\'l.ll\'tl. "we hate trotcrl

pteot'tnpntinn and

:tlmttt the threat oi llllt'lt‘ill out" trvttt‘t'ttt\srllttltctlttml ltilllL'li luvs

.intl .llt' \\llllllt‘ to :ttllt‘ttlnlt' .llltl .ttl
Hill to lllt'lt lc.rt-.. thc lll.l".l/I|lt'
tcptntctl'itt its .\l.t\ issttc.

 

 

 

 

 

SPEAKERS FORUM

REGRETS T0
ﬂVFORM YOU THAT

George M
Steinbrenner III

 

that the arms race represents."
('onvtttting with the llarutrd
tcscatvh tcntu. Dr. Robert Lifton.
Professor of Psychiatry at Yale.
toltl .\It'('rr/l‘\ that fear of nuclear

destruction is a major cattsc of am-

ieties and behatorial ills among
lcctt-ttgct's.

“l to sees the rise of coils. ittct‘cnsA
ctl teen-aye suicides and abundant
drugI use as it direct result of this
feeling ot instability." the muga/inc
tcpotlctl.

lltc lltlt’ltlls .retecrl. l/t'( 'rI//'\ titl-
dcrl. that nuclear education in
school and at littlilt‘ "can help
\‘llllillt‘ll mint- In NH“ “till this let-
ttblc reality."

 

 

 

 

   

I

.I'
a

 

 

 

I
will not be appearing on  Motility.
April 213i (is he is too busy pike:  g
‘i :1'.‘  for “Mayan/cesium ., ‘ " TMM'VHW
0%nggflb~

 

 

 

 

