 

m

03>

m 400 manmu

Nose»-

(v.

 
   

1'0", 

A

On an October afternoon. with the Paris

-sun setting. Virginia Woolf. [Ernest Ifetn-

ingway and Marilyn Monroe gathered to
discuss beauty.

VW: Mr. l‘lerrringway,beauty has always
been one of those things that have beeii
one of women's greatest and
greatests liabilities Take for instance the
Duchess of Newcastle: the cockneys line
up to look at her portrait. to catch a glrmp»
se of that ioinantic lady. who stands in the
picture at Welbeck. With large melancholy
eyes. and something fastidious and fan

assesis

tasttt‘ In her heating. touching a table With
the tips of long pointed fingers in the calm
assurance of immortal faine. 'l'hat's what
makes wotnen remembered. not their
writing but their beauty. more the discredit
to man for that is the case

EH: Ms. Wolfe I would agree that beauty
has been. woman's greatest asset but I
would also say it is one of woman's greatest
dangers to themselves. A beautiful woman
is like a beautiful stream or a beautiful
sunset. the only difference is that a
woman's beauty is not only dangerous to
herself but a snare. a trap a delusion for
men.

VW: Don’t you think it's as tnuch of a trap
for the woman. to be caught in that social
stricture of what's expected of them?

EH: it's a woman's natural function, it's
almost unconcious. it's certainly inherent in
woman's nature to be a thing of beauty just
as it’s in a man's nature to be warrior.
Woman is the passive ideal and man Is the
active ideal.

VW: Woman's beauty has been a major
contributing factor to her passivity.

EH: i can see the obverse of that statement
that woman's passive role has been defined
by her natural predisposition towards beau-
ty. Why does beauty exist? Why does
beauty exist in a ﬂower, to allure a
response. By nature, a woman has had to
be more passive to allure a man and I'm'
saying alluring a man is a natural function

 

W‘Hllmom-wrg‘c-wr " 'W J“  "

Meeting OfT

of beauty and therefore woman

MM ‘i'oit'n' saying that beauty is a role?
till l'm saying that the passive role is
soiiietlttiiir beauty entails for women

MM

but that til it's lir'i no good tinltiss slic's feel

i\ “onion ran how beautiful looks

lliij iwatittlnl (tiliurmse .tit' l«'.tio\|.s I)l'l||)lL‘

are litiirii: into it lt~'l tit-taiise she has a

timotl mash llt‘i personal itiit'siiriti is.

however. U.l'r.‘ii t» tiic lititdx going ti » t itit lr
l iliiirl-z ilit'io's .t fi‘t’lllili of iilil .itit' growing

till over ytrit titstilos \‘.ltt'll lort‘u

Vanish“ it, tool-z beautiful. non if y-iu'tt- it

you

so i alled at‘.\ pot as l am known to be you

 

 

vW,
we.»
.g

 

 

 

 

 

beauty is confined to the physical side of
me

l'.ll Well just as man must sut‘cmiib to his
natural urge to lit- a \kttitiiti. eriiitlit illtt‘d
at some llilit' stittttriib to her litiit‘ to he
.rlltiriiig

MM llou «to l.‘ii|i tlt'liiiv rlltniritt tan men
he allurunt’
lll I don't lltllll'. there is any tilill'tthi'
lh’ttiilU .ibottt iilt'il
‘.'\\' lllt’ll hou

lit-attty .iliotit \.i.oitit'rt‘

l.ll lost as there's obiut [IKU beauty .tbout

«an more bu olrjt'ttnn

flttWt'H. soft. delicate. well proportioned

itdtiit rtr<': \i’téli, i f{tt()tt1fit tit i’fit'ttrt titttt itifti'?l i iiitrit f:i

tire ntithii;itt>tncittei‘1u!rui fbrttliiiikiite, llciiiruiifiui l'n

inc urnfthutlbrtbeuiuifni ithink dtutsotiwtylnh;oihins

tfttii tilt”?! trch’ti ft?55‘iﬁ’tt£:;ttt3t (‘i'iflllié tittttiit it.

t

 

 

can only look beautiful if you look very
sexy

VW: i think this is a perfect example of a
beautiful woman who has been confined by
social reaction to her looks alone. She ob-
viously has more depth of feeling. has a
creative desire. a desire to be more than
just a face in a lens but man has taken that
image to be the absolute of what she is.
EH:i think that illustrates my point. that
beauty is also dangerous to a woman. How
can beauty. if it is just a soclatal factor. be
so deeply rooted In the female nature that it
could cause a kind of emotional stress?
MM: Beauty has become the one thing that
has made me known to people more than
anything else. And it doesn't mean that my

 

MM: Are you saying that a woman who is
not beautiful ls unsuccessful as a woman?
EH: She has failed at one of the natural
functions of women just like a flower that is
not alluring fails at one of its natural func-
tions. won't be polinated and won't fulfill its
destiny.

MM:So you're saying that the only reason
a man would want to be with a woman is
because she's beautiful?

EH: i would say that would determine it to
a great extent. Men look for intellectual in-
terest in men and by a natural course of
events look for beauty In women.

MM: One sided-obnoxious-ignorancei
VW: What happens to that woman who
does not meet your standard of absolute

beauty" Mirth of my work has i r'Iili ~.
those women. those slrt'itt-ial ilt '
who melt rtr tlti,’ liool-.-. tirlw wit i:i-

titli' ilitit’li to my tl"rlll u.‘ .'\|- .rtwr

 

 

 

||t|ll ot the mold of the tin: i"
itt'aiitrt'totu’ndtnttﬂi.rtiil ‘ti
l'll l'lu-mirrzwtlmnttl
ulioisirtvtsittiu'itlsii‘ i‘
ol «'rittwatoi vvii lt'iiiliil. ‘
alilHitti to itit‘n :tti.‘ i ii. .
'.‘.'llltltlil'.l"r“.lltrl i l‘. ‘. ‘ .i
ll/

\'\\' \Vhtit option it w- t

tiiititttatitxt' lia\. ‘ itimt l
flilfllliltii a \“iilitttit'
ll 'l'he tittt'iitioiis ot
fulfills a man is the attention of it»

lri'.|lt"

t lit-ill to

Woman. a who is

liliii.llt my opinion beauty is two. IIi

\Viililtili

the eye of the beholder. a sunset on it».

tio isbeautiful. I think that t'tlt'li llt't'i i ‘ii -
fished iii. each mountain l'vn- t'limhi-tl n:~
its own beauty just as each woman iii no
objective way, has' her own buauii. whv
may be beautiful when she's twenty oi llttt
w
VW2Bu| l think the wotrran who sits with
one foot raised on the mug of the than
with her elbow out in the attitude of suit
ing. her own figure possessed by lltl'
sublirninity of a woman's early world ,spimr
ing the thread of fate. that woman of llii'
present day who falls into that attitude ll'
quired by scrubbing or sewing can be
beautiful in her entrapment btit more
beautiful if set free.

MM: i see both your points, 1 think Mr
Hemingway has some valid points l)L’Ct||lSU
Sometimes wearing a scarf and a polo coat
and no makeup and with a certain attitude
of walking i go shopping or just looking at
people living but then you know they'll be a
few teenagers who are kind of sharp and
they'll say hey just a minute do you know
who that is? and then they'll be tailing me
and they can't wait to call their friends. In
the morning garbage men that go by 52nd

street when you come out of the door say

 

 

*A fictional (move '3

)

 

rtiiort «tutti: Ernest literrrirrgrwuy, Marilyn Monroe, Arid Virginia til. it 

 

y Marilyn. lll how you feel this morning
tie tllﬁ lttr lioiioi atid i love lltt‘llt tor it
be times are itlt e. pi-oplt' knowing who
true and .ill that and [who i that yon'xt
ant soiiiotliiiig to them

, .. ..
1 lltr’lt' 2w strt- ti utriiiitl. lllrtiat’t:

 

J lltti slio-i litllillr‘rl llt t. '.I‘i\ l.it..l«‘tl
li'li'

: ll -\t tan you mu. th.u‘ “div t
i'l‘illl thoa' lit't‘l‘ll' amply tat ll\'l

It" \‘tlikY itiiit it \‘tl‘llltllt 4 i. ltl‘l i~.'i

.mnai littlilt'lit’ltl \ll‘rill' Ilt tlllrl'll'lilll1‘
ttitlltil tititt 'lI'lt\-’ tin. ‘roti. iln .:ttt-iit‘. ili

trit'ti

'l 'i iii tilil'l ti|liiit'tl.lll' lw'itii', ll'ilt r»

iltith' something to \ iiitt|tttti' it \‘.lllt {\o
titer how beautiful a Woman is and l
its‘ this hour ttry own uspt'rit'rrt e. site's
rig to wake tip one morning and tool
irm uglv And unless someone can ap
"(.‘lt|ft' her for her other qualities there \K‘ill
. no purpose to what she is doing or to
viat they are doritg together.
ill: Well 1 would grant a woman has to
MVe spirit. a certain spunk. like a wild
tll irrial.
'\lM"-Nhat is your definition of beauty?
ill:“My definition of beauty is something
that touches. touches a Core of this. this is
mirth lightitig for. this is what gives me the
strength to fight the personal battle I have
In light. this is something that makes the
tittﬂl worth reaching. this is what l'm corn-
lit'Ilng for." Beauty is a goal. no trot
t-tetyone can reach it. it is that sublime
itieiil. I'm not looking for an objective beau<
tv. l'm looking for beauty that at that mo
inent can make things right. and that can
lit' a spark of mutual interest and of course
it's equal it has to be equal but it's different
inst as the male and female counterparts of
the earth are equal but different.
VW: i have to agree with you Mr. Hem-
iuttway in that beauty goes beyond physical
ditpearance. i think that we have sort of
narrowed in on that beauty as woman's
iwauty but beauty is so much more than
that.

 

 

 

 

MM 'tut Mt lft-iiitngutry is saying that irit‘onthatktndolpedestaltriatletlit'entire
‘.\ii|||i'it have air tvlrttu ii‘.u' [imposi- :ii lwiini ll‘ltllii'll‘~lli|) false t)Ii- t' it titan sitiiit‘d it'.u‘
li.’,ii|lllili [lift] to tire lit-tatta- l itas l‘t‘tltlllllll i.tllii‘l
\’\\‘ llritoitiiiiatvly .I “Moran's health; than lu't row I happen-id to hit f\'iitilltt
lu't itiiil‘ .i win i.‘t.r' i‘i l‘.t via i“ 'l‘ tart t. " lt‘itlt 'ltitlt tln’tn' \\tI‘-l it .«niitui rlii\'ll'l»tliitli
ii iii uni li-'r lttliill "ti ll‘. no Misti ' alin lrt'ttiita' ii thin litiwtl till .i litiii- ll of
' jiniji )v- l 1w llt it‘lll. ‘lIn’Hii'l lmw to do tittli tiliat
lit t-ii' .-’ i't -. ill i -: l ‘wt. r.‘ l: t hint at. ililt' ri' ‘lii'l l‘t‘lliijltlil'll‘tl
:ii it'itﬁjl . v t in .~ 3,- l ‘* ti. itiymitilotil-

tliiii- ll-v iii -i it 1‘ am t-i. .vnit.‘ ,' lll “xi litittttt‘ .ii in tin‘ .\.it.‘ by
‘l!iitll i W‘tii iii not In l i»l‘

Hi "« it  "t. it.» i :ii. i.- s In» it» MM ‘n it. in iiiitlt‘io“. :w .‘.illt liltknit til

ii. i till i" it i ‘i. MW in  ti-tli lv‘iuii‘. of all
in. at H'ti i lit-ll .i lli'l‘ii'll .-:!r n ‘.'.t‘ it l ll llttit i» ii itlik‘vh il lw nili. Ixt' 'rt'l'lt i
't i t t i
.‘. r it i . tit r it

 

a titan amt can succeed in lret natural func-
tion no matter how she looks because there
is no objective beauty. she cart find it than
somewhere that she can attract.

VW: But your definition gives you the right
to judge her attractiveness and discard her
if she no longer fulfills your fantasy. but in
that very action you brand her as a failure.
lill: A failure only momentarily

VW:Uutil another man comes along and
gives her definition?

EH: Yesl

VW:Well Ms. Monroe you've had trilllions
of men giving you tirat kind of definition.
did it help?

EH:Some of the best men of the decade.
MM: No. as a matter of fact their putting

 

woman who attracted me just by the way
she walked, just by the grace and fineness
of her motion.

VW: Have your wives all been beautiful?

EH: l'd like to think i never married an ugly
woman. '

MM: Well l'd like to think i never married
an ugly man but i thiirk that they sought me
because i am physically beautiful and they
wanted that beauty for themselves.

VW: Women have always been men's
trophys to display

EH: Trophys after the battle, Look at the
men In history who have made women the
objects of their struggles. Menalaus-a fool.
My own character in Tire Sim Also Rises,
Robert Cohn. made a woman the object of

 

'r ‘ﬁﬁih

  

his struggle arid he was a fool,

MM Well i know iii my heart that when l
lititl\ iir lllt‘ mirror no matter what l'in think»
mg no llltlflt’r what has happened I see
unwell and i know that l'nr itti’ and l'tn
lii'tllllflll l think that
an mun need less
\‘r litI’Ii but I totally dimgttrtv every tiiairl

.otiuty has told its

reassurance than

li.i\t* lrt't'it Willi has been waiter for lili‘ to

beautiful it. is tlllil liitU'
a. iiilt'iflll he is aitd hoe tl'onilt‘tttil he
trt iltt's tItt' lt'L'l lllittilx iii-rt .‘ i' all ltl‘l'tl to

lii‘ ltiltl that \n' are tlr‘illlllf'tll

IwIl him how

tlltl \‘.i’litlt’l
tot

l.ll Ms Monroe, consult-ring your in
fltlt’itt'I‘ on lltt‘ American
uomanhooti to strive for the kind of beauty
you yourself have attained. and the
satisfaction you derive from it you can't

iii.is~: .if

deny you detchI satisfaction froin ll. how
can you riot despise yourself?

VW: 'I‘hat's a good question. you seem to
be an intelligent woman and yet you have
certainly contributed to the image of
woman as sex symbol

MM: i guess that's part of my emotional
problems. Because l'tn in this trap i see that
there is so much more men have to see in
women than _what they see outside rather
than inside their persons. i think that it‘s
very important and being in the situation
that i am In now has convinced me of that.
i don't think I'll ever be able to fall In love
with another man who loves me because
l'm beautiful. E]

Hemingway - Mark D. Steven-on
Marilyn Monro. - Dobbin Millm-n
Virginia Wool! - Meg-n G. Taylor

SOURCES:

On Women and Their Elegance, Norman
Mailer

A Common
Woolf

Reader, Essays. Virginia

 

 

 

 

2»

m *00 maomem

reams»—

 

 

