   

i
i
i
i
r
r

 

   

vs <“wmxn-‘r‘rf‘n-exmmh. _ '

 

 

 

  

A yellow. unmarked school bus pulls
into a small mining town In eastern
Pennsylvania. It is a strange sight to
the townspeople and sticks out in contrast to
tire gray surroun'dings. A roof rack on the
bus contains assorted backpacks. tents and
water jugs. Inside. the last few rows of seats
have been replaced by coolers and food
boxes. Extra shelves on the ceiling and sides
contain sleepan bags. ensolite pads. day
packs and various other items. Out of the
bus come twenty people of various
backgrounds. and ages ranging from 15 to
30 They are high school, college and
graduate students. Their goal here Is to study
anthropology and history from a primary
source: old miners and townspeople of this
place. Somehow these courses become
more interesting when talking directly with
the people instead of readng a textbook in a
stuffy classroom. This Is a typical "class" for
the Audubon Expedition Institute (AEI). This
fully accredited school travels around the
country using the people and places of
America as teachers. For me It is graduate
school.

 

In our travels through eastern Penn-
sylvania we observed the exploitation of a
natural resource. This is of course coal coun-
try. The slow dangerous method of deep pit
mining has been replaced by strip mining. I
had read and seen pictures of this but was
unprepared for the mass destruction of the
land that we saw. The landscape on our
drive through this area was barren and
moon-like. Some fast growing species of
trees like birch and aspen had grown In. In a
hall hearted attempt at reclamation some
trees were planted but It was a sad and
depressing replacement for a forest. The
strip mine we visited was closed so we saw
only their results. A monstrous shovel driven
by one man is used to remove the trees, top-
soil and rock collectively termed the "over-
burden." Then digging down further. the
coal is reached and scooped out into trucks.
The energy expended In removing the coal
makes It hard to believe It can be profitable. It
is painful to see this scarring of the Earth.
especially when one realizes that It Is being
done for you and I. All those things we need
that run on electricity or were formed by
electricity cause that shovel to dig deeper
and wider. I wonder how much coal blow
dryers use up each day?
' We got a chance to talk with local old
timers about the mines and what the town
was like years ago. Their eyes light up when
talking about the good old days. when the
town was booming and everyone worked in
the mines. Most of these men now suffer
from black lung to various degrees.'They
have given their lives to the mines to provide
cheap energy for a growing nation. Their
coughing bodies are ahblbgou’i to' the su’r- '

 

Overlooking Death Valley. California

rounding hills. Both are waste products of
the coal industry. When asked about how
their town looked years ago. they smile and
talk of flowers and trees and picking blueber-
ries In the hills. It’s hard to believe the way
people accept the destruction of the natural
world around them. But then again this is
not much different from the development
that has occured everywhere at the cost of
the local forest and wildlife.

After receiving my BS in Biology from
SUNYA I started seriously thinking about
what to do the rest of my life. as most seniors
will do from time to time. I had already ruled
out the obvious choices of medical. dental
and law school and wasn't too excited about

graduate school. My love of the outdoors
and longing to “go west" led me to a job with
the Forest Service in Washington State.
Here I experienced some of the most
awesome mountains. forests and coastline in
the country. I also learned what a "clearcut"
was and that our demand for paper and
wood could cause a mountain ridge to look
like a patchwork quilt. This demand will use
up all of the old growth. virgin timber. in the
next twenty years. While in Washington I
found out about AEI and started reading In-
formation about it. though not seriously con-
sidering it as a possible option for me. My job
In Washington ended and I headed back east
and landed a job as a lab technician In cancer

“I had read and
seen pictures of
this but was
unprepared for
the mass

land we saw.”

Students observe strip miners at work

 

 

is

r ..  .. . 11'. 

destruction of the

Expedition

Institute

 

by Mike Rubin

research. Although it was a somewhat In-
terestlng job I found I needed to be outdoors
and to have more contact with people. I
thought about education as a career but not
in a traditional classroom setting. I felt there
must be a better way than that. I began to see
that AEI offered what I was looking for In
terms of education and outdoor experience.

After climbing up to the top of a ridge In
Shenandoah National Park we could clearly
see the park boundary. There was a distinct
-line on one side of which were atches of
farm land and on the other side was forest.
We seemed to be on an island. Our National
Parks provide a good example of this coun-
try's views on nature. If one takes a look at
the map of the United States one has to look
hard to find the National Parks and other
preserved lands. They are In effect tiny
islands surrounded by development. The
Reagan administration. featuring James
Watt. would now like to see some of these
types of boundaries reduced even more.
Originally, National Parks were formed in
areas that could be used for nothing else. In
other words. they were considered waste
lands. Places like Olympic. Yellowstone and
Grand Canyon National Parks were useless
as farmland or pastureland, so why not
make parks out of them? Now that certain
valuable resources have been found or are
now economical to extract, these protected

 

 

areas might be "put to better use." When
questioned about the present administration.
rangers at Acadia National Park had no com.
merit. They were not allowed to speak on
such controversial subjects as development,
air and water pollution for fear of losing their
jobs. This was interesting since an oil refinery
was recently constructed nearby. Also this
area is greatly affected by acid rain formed by
coal burners in the Ohio valley and car ex-
haust of the whole northeast. What flicSL’
'rangers were told in essence was that it was
not their job to inform the public of dangers
to our parks.

The graduate program on AEI is for peo-
ple who are concerned with the way our
natural world is being exploited and who
want to do something about It. The first step
to changing this is to educate people and
make them aware of what is really happen-
ing to our world. The program leads in a
MS. in Environmental Education. In par
ilclpatlng with high school and College
students on the expedition one gets ex-
perience both as a student and. In a sense, as
a teacher. Communication skills are of prirrrv
importance to any career but especially in
education. This is also important on "re vxr
pedltion. Living In close contact with twenty
people on a bus for nine months makes con
stant and open communication esscnirnl
Group meetings are frequent and can luv
called by anyone at almost anytime when .i
problem arises. Since we don't have exams,
communication becomes important lit
evaluating a student's work In spuriirr
.courses. All group decisions are by CUIISI'II
sus so that everyone can express their lcul
Ings on every Issue. When a person liills to
participate In these decisions. problems nim-
since. as in all expeditions, Its sucm,»
depends on every individual.

To most people Florida is the Sltiib‘lliiit‘
state. It Is a vacationland and a place to Vt‘lilt'
to. There are also a few areas of
undeveloped habitats that are unique lliltl
beautiful. The development of Florida has
been more blatantly destructive than most
places In the country. The fast-buck ethic liiis
predominated. especially in the past tuu’nii
years. The most amazing and saddest Stirri‘
of Florida is the death of the Everglades, This
“river of grass" originally flowed from Lalw
Okeechobee south to the tip of Florida as it
60-70 mile wide shallow river. In 1927.
Lake Okeechobee was diked and fltitiil
waters were drained off into the ocean. ’l'in'
life blood of the Everglades was shut off. In
1947. when it was made a National Park.
water was guaranteed through a system of
canals. The supply of water to the every/odes
Is now controlled by man. The water I5
shared with the sugar cane fields, tomato
and other agriculture and also the ever grow
ing city of Miami. The water often comes til
the wrong times. In the wrong amounts in
not at all despite the natural wet-dry cycle of
the Everglades. One of the most spectacular
sights of the Everglades is the bird life. Lani“

 

    

 

 

 

 

1

colorful birds can be ‘seen from the road In
great numbers. It Is hard to imagine the
decline In bird life that has occurred. One
hundred years ago an estimated 2.4 million
wading birds occupied the Everglades. Now
there are 40 thousand. half of which are cut.
tle egrets. an introduced species. The
Everglades are unique to the world. There is
nothing else like them anywhere. Yet they
will be dead within fifty years if drastic actions
are not taken. Unrelaible water supplies and
introduced plant species are the greatest
threats. The Everglades park rangers and
naturalists are the most outspoken In the
Park Service. but they are still very restricted
in informing the public about these issues.
Strict orders from Washington forbid park
employees_ from talking about the ad-
ministration or the future of the Everglades.
While government bureaucrats decide the
fate of the Everglades and ever expanding
south Florida development consumes the
limited water supply. another wood stork
fails to breed and dies because she can't find
enough food to live on.

One of the goals of AEI Is to increase the
awareness of people to the natural world and
to alter lifestyles so as to lower ones impact
on nature. AEI guides offer alternatives to
modern high impact living and actually live
this way at their homes in Lubec. ME. By liv-

 

ing without electricity and Indoor plumbing
they have significantly reduced their stress
on the environment. Traditional music and
dance provide entertainment and one more
link to self sufficiency. All of these
philosophies are discussed and applied
where possible on AEI. Other general prin-
ciples become evident throughout the year.
Nature Is always on the defensive In en-
vironmental battles. It can win only tem-
porarily for there are always more bulldozers
waiting on the sidelines run by men with vi-
sions of gold. We find prejudice against
nature to be widespread and in fact ingrained
in peoples lives. Modern man has evolved
further and further from the natural world to
the point where he doesn’t even see himself
as a part of it. The wilderness is something to
be exploited for economic gain. period.
These are the exact reasons why white man
first came: to seek gold and other riches,
destroying anything and anyone In their
way. Nothing has changed. Land Is analyzed
for Its possible uses. for what good is a
resource that can't be put to use? Priorities
are placed on production of physical com»
forts to separate us as much as possible from
the fierce world of nature. The average
american spends 95 percent of his time In-
doors. It is no wonder that people are
alienated from the natural world and even
forget they are animals. As such we are
dependant on nature for life giving food.
water and air. Contrary to popular belief.
water does not come from the faucet. food
does not come from the supermarket and
clean air Is not unlimited. Our cities are vast
networks with webs leading all over the
world; oranges from California. water from a
mountain lake. oil from the middle east and
wheat from the mldwesi. This prejudice
against nature includes ourselves since we
are a part of nature. We can see this self pre»
iudlce in practice everyday In the media. To
be acceptable in our society one must be
deodorized ofuallpaiural smells (which are

  

J

replaced by synthetic or animal scents. Our
clothing becomes non-functional signs of
status. and so what if that Includes the fur of
dead animals? We are even encouraged to
lose touch with our feelings and emotions
and instead spaceout on drugs, drink.
'novies and TV. This all adds to alienation of
the self and therefore nature. A change of at-
titudes and lifestyle are needed to save what
is left of this world. This is what i see as the
task of environmental educators and this is
part of what AEI is trying to accomplish. We
must take a hard look at what effect our ac-
tions have on our environment. Do we really
need our homes over-heated with fossil fuels
torn from the Earth? Do we need all that
alcohol. stereos. records. TV's and drugs for
external stimulation or could we entertain

‘ourselves with singing and dance? Is a

shower every morning necessary or can we
live just as well on one every week? These
are just a few aspects of our culture that
degrade ourselves and the natural world.

After hiking in Shenandoah National Park
we had an opportunity for a hike in a large
mail In Virginia. After spending much time
away from such things one may find some
new insights into our society. We talked
about the possible dangers in such a hike.
like old feelings of wanting to buy junk and
feelings of not being one of the “in” crowd.

A

u.

 

What lfound was a huge nrass of stores seil~
Ing anything and everything to fulfill the
wants of the people. few of which were
essential items. The mail was a playground
for adults and children to pay money for en-
joyment. The problem with this is thatfor this
playground to happen. every item and brick
and light bulb cost energy and resources
taken from the Earth. Part of the Ap-
palachian Mountains of this area. as well as
parts of regions around the world. died for
the construction of that mall. l question if this
is a wise use of our limited resources or an
ethical way of treating the land.

Many people express interest in our yellow
school bus when we stop in public areas.
They want to know how the school works
and what it Is all about. Expedition members
also get‘questioned about AEI by relatives
and friends during study breaks and other
times of the year. One of the main concerns
is how valid is the education we are receiv-
ing. “No classroom. textbooks. exams? Oh.
it's just a big camping trip. a nice break from
real school for a year." is a common remark.
Time after time students on AEI remark on
how their Interest in subjects. as well as
retention of subject matter. has increased
greatly by learning experienclally. ln tradi—
tional school meaningless Information Is
memorized for exams and soon forgotten.
Students who are able to follow this
authoritarian approach are rewarded with
high grades. We do have grades on AEI due
to the necessity for college acreditation.
Students who are actively involved. in-
terested. and communicate these things to
the group are given higher grades. We also
have a library in the back of the bus for
students who want more information on a
specific area. All of our courses are lnv
tegrated into each other instead of being
separate entities. Therefore a day on
Martha's Vinyard may Include Geology,
Natural History. Traditional-timid and

“The average

95 per cent

of his time
indoors. It is no
wonder

that people are
alienated from
the natural
world and even
forget they are
animals.”

Folklore. History and Anthropology. Things
begin to fit together and make sense this
way. It is interesting to note the Native
Americans' views on education. Their
education came from their elders and from
the environment surrounding them. Thus
everyday these people were learning about
themselves and how to cope with their en-
vironment; In the Mlccosukee tribe of Florida
a brother who was a year older was
respected for he had a year more experience
and knowledge. The Idea of sending
children off to an enclosed building to learn
was a strange concept to them. To the lndlan
the natural world was his textbook.

In Maine we experienced the politics in
volved In our countries search for new
energy sources. A tidal dam has ben propos-
ed for a small fishing village located on the
eastern most paint of the country. A boom
town forfishlng In the 40’s and 50's. it is now
a quiet town of about 2000 people and
many boarded up buildings. It is better
known now for its relatively pristine bays and
coastline inhabited by whales. seals and
eagles. This region has been termed
economically depressed by the state and In
need of much help. A tidal darn would be
just the thing to pep up the local economy
and provide jobs. not to mention energy.
Although the average income is low and

merican spends

 

Hike to Escalarn'e liiver.Utah

unemployment is high when the cannery
closes for the season. people scam to get by,
Most people hcrr' Tl'ﬂ'llll.’ at least part of lllL‘li‘
food and llll'OIlit' from the land. Hunting.
fishing. lolrstering and clanrining provide
much to fflt‘ t’t‘titiUlii'i but this does not show
up in incorru- statistics l’ivople are told they
on- in need and start to llSlt'll to promises of
politicians. It sounds good Iil theory In” in
practice the darn would be an ecological and
economic disaster, Tidal bays are some of
the nrosi fertile. productive areas in the
world. The dam would all but destroy the
rrea where it is proposed. including all the
clams. spawning grounds for fish and other
wildlife. This would In turn destroy the
'ivelihood of local clanrmers and fisherman
and hurt others who depend on those local
food sources, Besides being economically
unfeasible to begin wltlr. the dam would only
last about fifty years due to silt buildup and
resultant destruction of the turbines. Any
jobs created by tho danr would most likely be

“The idea of
sending children
oﬂ' to an

to learn was a
strange concept
to them. To the

world was his
textbook. ”

 

Paria River. Arizona

enclosed building

indian the natural

‘March‘19..198—2_/m¢ 7a T

 

filled by skilledpeople from outside the'area.

Some say the extra energy would attract in-
dustry. This is doubtful because of the
secluded location and the small available
workforce. Above all else a natural
ecosystem filled with life and beauty would
be turned into a wasteland. . _

At a town meeting we had a chance to
observe politics in action. Approximately for- _
ty people attended this meeting. all of whom
opposed the dam. The meeting focused on
organizing the opposition to the project. At
the very end of the meeting. in walked the
state senator who co-sponsored the bill per-
taining to the dam project. When asked If he
still thought if the bill was a good one he'
presented a phoney smile. extensiver
beating around .the bush. and finally a
definite no. When asked if he would make
this statement public he again said no for
whatever reasons politicians have for being
illogical. in conclusion. this representative of
the people co-sponsored a bill with the trust
of his constituents behind hlmwand then
upon deciding It was a mistake would not
come out and admit It. While canoelng in the
bay of the proposed tidal darn project and
camping out on one of its islands lenjoyed a
peaceful linielessness. Seals played In the
waves, grills flew overhead and fertile mud
flats displayed a wide variety of life. It was
hard to believe a few politicians In the state
capital could destroy all of that.

Spring is approaching us now. which

means It's getting towards the end of another
school year. For seniors It is the end of col-
lege and time to enter the real world. But
what Is the real world? Where does nature fit
into this picture? How do these thoughts fit
into your career and life goals? One thing to
keep in mind Is the President's Global 2000
report. This study commissioned by Presi-
dent Carter predicted that by the year 2000
(ii-i years from now) there will be too many
people for the Earth to support. This means
not enough food to go around and vanishing
resources with resultant destruction of what
remains of the natural world. My awareness
of this has led me to my present situation of
educating myself and learning how to teach
others about what Is happening to our
natural environment. A few thoughts i had
while canoelng down Rock Springs» Run in
Florida sum up some of my feelings and
values:

Silently. l skim the surface of the river In
my canoe. 1 strain my senses for clues of the
presence of great blue heron. or alligator or
white tailed deer. livery bend in the river is
an exciting and new experience. The river
bank Is a lush forest unscarred by humanity
except for occasional beer cans. In recent
years the numerous canoes and motor boats
have had visible effects. Logging in this area
has destroyed the vast stands of Bald
Cypress and hence the ivory billed
woodpecker is extinct.

I wonder what the surrounding people of
this area feel about the river? Have they ever
even floated leisurely down it? Or is it only a
breeding ground for bugs. 'gators and other
pests? Or maybe it could Ins used as a center-
piece for a new condominium complex.

What a gift this river has been to me. Like
a fragile piece of artwork I will always
treasure It. But unlike a piece of art this was
not man-made nor can it be rebuilt. As a
Florida naturalist told me: "This Is the last
one. they ain't makin' 'em anymore." El

 

 

 

a. sags. a... .,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

~t:“thr~.-.z.

 

