       

.. . ..._- e m... -. - .. a. m...» t...,_um......_..v,«,__

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
   

 

Marc Haspei with Marc Schwarz

The year began as have all years since 1967 with the Super
Bowl-The championship game pitted.two teams against one
another which at the beginning of the season had figured to be
also-rans. But as the season progressed the Cincinatti Bengals
and the San Francisco 49ers exhibited a surprising ability to win
ball games.

 

knack for making the headlines. After a long career as a
Bengal. Ken Anderson had earned the respect of the other
clubs in the leaugue. but could never shake the tab of not being
able to quarterback a winner. During the season. his precision
passing tore up secondaries around the AFC and his team roll-
. ‘ed up victory alter victory. His Super Bowl counterpart was
even more of an interesting character. A blond-haired thrower
whose last name gave a certain western state more publicity
that It had received in the last century. Joe Montana captured
the nation's fancy much the same way that Joe Namath had
done a dozen years before. His smile was plastered on the
covers of many national publications as part of tthe annual pre-.
Super Bowl hype. I
But there was nothing fancy about the game itself. it was a
tremendous game between two clubs who had never been to
the title game before and were determined to leave Pontiac,
‘Michigan. the Super Bowl site. with the treasured throphy in
'hand. But only one team could. and In 1982 that was the
49ers. Many feel it was one of the finest Super Bowls (which
are usually more dull than super) ever to be played. The final
score was 2621. '

While it was the year of the pass in professional football. one
fateful pass decided a national championship in college basket- r

Each team was led by an outstanding quarterback who had a' ,

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 

ball. Poor Freddy Brown crossed center court in New Orleans
and literally threw away Georgetown's quest for an NCAA title.
James Worthy. the recipient of the errant pass. led Dean Smith
and the Tar Heels of North Carolina with some incredible
moves to the hoop and helped Smith win his first crown in
several trips to the tournament.

As the ice of one of this nation’s coldest winters began to
thaw. baseball fans looked forward to their first complete
season in two years. And as usual. when opening day arrived
during the first week of April. the big stadiums all over the north
were packed. Not with people however. but with snow. A freak
snow storm had blanketed a good portion of the north. delay-
ing the season openers. in fact. it took the Yankees a whole
‘week to get their field ready for an opening day twlnbtll which
they lost anyway to the Chicago White Sox.

Yankee fans had to tolerate a lot of losing in 1982. After be-
ling grossly dissatisfied with his team's performance in the
World Series the previous season against the Dodgers. Boss
iGeorge Steinbrenner proceeded to dismantle his team by deal-
ing numerous trades and dismissing several managers. New
York's first base situation resembled that of a revolving door
'with players coming out as fast as they were being shuffled in.
But most notable of all his moves was the decision to let Reggie
ackson sign a multi-year pact with Gene Autry's California
ngels during the off-season. Jackson had a banner year for
- ‘he west coast club. leading them to the playoffs while the
_ lYankees sank to a dismal fifth place in the American League
East.

‘ Across town. the Mets had even less luck with their big catch

f the off-season, George Foster. After years of absttnance. the
Mets went for broke when they signed the perennial slugger to
a five-year multimillion dollar contract after his rights became
available to them following a much ballyhooed trade between
the Mets and the soon—to-be-lonely Reds. But Foster proved to
be the biggest bomb since Death Wish it. What had originally
I appeared to be a season full of promise for the Mets became
tone of the club's biggest disasters.

But for other teams around the league, 1982 proved to be
quite fruitful. The Milwaukee Brewers. led by the league‘s Most
Valuable Player. Robin Yount. emerged as one of baseball's
all-time strongest offensive teams. Surviving a late season run
by the Baltimore Orioles. the Brewers. behind the crafty pit-
ching of veteran Don Sutton edged the Angels in five games
v 'and confronted the representatives from America's other Beer
'capitol. the St. Louis Cardinals, in the World Series.

For the Cardinals. under the direction of skipper Whitey
Herzog. It was the first appearance in the October classic since
[1968. The Cards were led by the unbeatable relief pitching of
Bruce Sutter. Setting the pace for most of the season in the Na-
. ttonal League East. the Cards swept by Manager-of-the-Year

lJoe Torre’s Atlanta Braves in the Championship Series.

__The series went the full seven-grime distance as the Cards

 

Boss George Steinbrenner

proceeded to dismantle his
team. . . New York’s first
base situation resembled that

/' of a revolving door with

players coming out as fast as

they were being shufﬂed in.

 

Arc-u} amtmzmusmnewamm —

     

 

~W‘Q‘V «yum

Once every four years. the biggest sporting event in the
world occurs. it is estimated that half the people on the planet
watch it. The World Cup of soccer was conquered by ltaly in a
hard fought 3-0 victory over West Germany. Paolo Rossi went
from national disgrace to national and international hero scor-
ing six goals in the tournament and getting the hat trick in the
final game played in Spain.

New York lslander fans delighted in their team's third straight
Stanley Cup championship. a feat accomplished by no other
American team in the history of the National Hockey League.
The islanders avoided catastrophe in the first round of the
playoffs by Just barely edging the Pittsburgh Penguins in over-
time of their five-game series.

in the ensuing playoff series. the islanders faced off with the
New York Rangers. winners of their opening series with the
physical Philadelphia Flyers. it was the fourth time that the two
area rivals met in the playoff competition. An initial Ranger vic-
tory raised the hopes of championship»starved Garden fans.
but the islanders lowered the boom by eliminating the boys
from Manhatten in six games.

The islanders were then matched in an obvious nrtsmatch

r with the Campbell conference representative. Vancouver
Canucks. Surprisingly. the Canucks gave the Long island team
a tough time but when the fourth game ended in Vancouver's

IPacific Coliseum, it was the islanders who once again lifted the
Stanley Cup in victory.

_ l During the long regular season however, much of American

lattention turned northward across the border to Canada. par
.ticularly Edmonton. where the Great Wayne Gretzky set all
sorts of scoring records. He established the record for most
goals In a season with 92. assists with tilt). and total points with
212. But the Great one could not lead his team to the finals as
the Oilers bowed out in the preliminary round,
As usual. the NBA waited until the playoffs to be exciting,
I However. the regular season did have some interesting events.
1 Schenectady native Pat Riley took over the helm of the Los
Angeles Lakers when Magic Johnson demanded the firing of
' incumbent Paul Westhead, Riley let the team play their own
game and the Lakers waltzed to the championship defeating
the Philadelphia 7tmrs in six games. .lulius lirving did all that
1 could be expected of him. including leading the Sixers to a

" dramatic and stunning blow out in the seventh game of the

semifinals over the Boston Celtics in the Boston Garden.
However. the Doctor will still have to wait for a championship
ring as the Sixcr's lost in the finals for the third time in six years.

But Philly went shopping over the summer and bought
themselves a tWo-rnillion dollar man in Moses Malone. All eyes
will be one Moses as ire tries to lead his Sixers to the promised
land.

it was a year of greatness and tragedy for professional box-
ing. in June. the long-awaited bout belwen heavyweight cham-
pion Larry Holmes and numberon contender Gerry Cooney,
from Huntington. Long island finally took place. it was a fight
that did not live up to its billing as Holmes thoroughly outclass-
ed his opponent.

Homes’ latest defense of the title which he has held since
1978 occured in a relatively empty Astrodome. The only
notable gain to surface from Homes' 15-round destruction of
Randall "Tex" Cobb was commentator Howard Cosell's pro—
'claimed sellvremovai from the boxing world.

An outstanding weekend of boxing turned into tragedy this
fall. Alexis Arguello was thwarted in his attempt to become the
first man to win four crowns by Aaron Pryor in a classic match
The next day Boom-Boom Mancini defended his WBA light
weight title on national television with a M-round knockout of
Korean Duk Koo Kiln. eriie Mancini celebrated his hard

'fought win. Kim lay on the canvas unconscious. Kim never
came out of his coma and his death several days later brought n
many cries fr the abolition of the sport.

Finally. the NFL opened its 1982 campaign shrouded by the
threat of a players strike. As the teams made their way through
preseason. management and labor negotiations headlined the
sports pages. Eventually after tWo weeks of regular season
games had been completed. the season was interrupted by thtl
league's first regular season player walkout.

Americans had to adjust to an autumn without their favorite

'Sunday pasttirne. Yet other sports Wlii( it normally run concur-
rently with football helped to ease the pain. Still. when the
NFLPA decided to resume the season despite not having
ratified a new contract ploposal. most fans were happy to
welcome them back.

Thus 1982 was more than Just a typical year in sports, 'l‘irere
' was drama, excitement and battles on (and unfortunately. off)

‘ the field. Certainly. in that respect 1982 was truly
memorable l J

    "1'." .m' '  "r‘ .l"-.‘. o .. ' | t . .. . Q. . .1 .  t... r. ‘ ‘ ‘ ' ‘ ' ' O I1y:.v.'.V.'.Vi'.'.v.n'.'"Hannah‘rfor;'ryrprrat-wafaurru‘a't‘fuaa‘4" mo . 3‘. u - l v r ’ - ’ . - ‘ i -‘ ’
I ‘ ' 0  I '  n ' ' '  4' — ’ 9 ' . V '  " eig t'etWO iii review’ ‘
 sport's' e ear  ra   t "S  r  
'c r I Y ' I v {e ear mum ports»;
I ' l  H " ' L ' d r ittk th' u tobelf ’v‘  I ‘C
o it t esn't ee e e proper me  I l
aggrggreél'esw Dime year." spons‘ After all, the Na.  t . won the final two games to pull from a 3-2 deficit winning . .

I ttonal Football Leaugue teams are in preparation for d  ’ > before their home fans in St. Louis (as predicted by ASP World

9 only their sixth week of games. so of course it must be October. Series expert Wayne Peerebooml. For Commissioni r Bowie

8 But the calendar indicates that it is mid-December. indeed. Kuhn. it was to be his final World Series trophy ceremony in ‘

2 1982 has been We an interesting year. the winning locker room as he was ousted by a vote of the Ma-

’ q jot League teams.

 

