   

—.- \rmat- -. wh-mw

 

 

   

 

 capsules

Election Turnouts Heavy

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Elated State Department of
. ﬁcials say the heavy turnout in El Salvador’s elections
weaken the case of administration critics who have been
urging negotiations between the government and leftist
rebels. ‘

The ofﬁcials, speaking on the condition their names
not be used. said they are hopeful the ruling Christian
Democratic Party will be able to form a coalition govern-
ment with Democratic Action. the most moderate of the
four opposition parties which competed in Sunday's elec-
tion.

The alternative to a Christian Democrat-Democratic
Action alliance appeared to be a coalition of rightist par-
ties led by retired Maj. Roberto d'Aubuisson of the Na-
tional Republic Alliance.

According to the official. at small turnout Sunday
would have indicated broad-based support for the leftist
guerrilla movement and seriously undercut American
policy.

The ruling military-civilian junta. led by Christian
Democrat President Jose Napoleon Duarte with strong
Reagan administration support. has rejected that ap-
proach on grounds that it would give the guerrillas a
share of power they have been unable to win on the bat-
tlefield. -

A light turnout. the official said, also would have im—
proved the bargaining position of congressmen favoring
an end to U.S. military aid to El Salvador. A key House
subcommittee has been almost equally divided on that
proposal and postponed a vote on it'carlier this month
following a strong administration lobbying effort. The
turnout “exceeded our wildest expectations." one official
said. The administration had been bracing itself fora tur-
nout of perhaps 30 percent. btrt the actual number was
well over twice that. incomplete returns indicated more
than 1 million Salvadorans went to the polls. out of an
estimated 1.5 million who were eligible.

Although the makeup of the new government is not yet

' determined. Haig made clear he believes it should con-
tinue the reform program of the existing regime and seek
reconciliation with‘guerrillas who are willing to lay down
their arms.

Abortion Funds Unimpeded

ALBANY. New York (AP) Conccding that the tactic
never really worked anyhow. opponents of state-funded
abortions for the poor said Monday they will not try to
delay passage of a $27 billion-plus state budget which
contains $5.3 million in Medicaid abortion funds.

“it just seems foolish to put the Legislature through a
difficult time for no meaningful purpose." said
Assemblywoman Elizabeth Connolly, D-Statcn island. the
chief Assembly foe of medicaid-funded abortions. “The
votes just aren't there."

While she said there would be no effort to delay
budget passage. Mrs. Connclly said she would still pro-
bably sponsor an amendment to the budget to rctnovc
the funding for Medicaid abortions.

Spending Plan Due Thursday

 

 

ALBANY. New York (AP) The state Legislature began
ﬁnal discussions Monday on a $27 billion-plus spending
plan for the new ﬁscal year beginning Thursday.

The more than 200 legislators returned to the state
Capitol to find a stack of budget bills waiting on their
desks — hills which had been printed over the weekend
after weeks of negotiations between legislative leaders
and Gov. Hugh Carey.

Final passage of the budget bills is expected to come
late Wednesday and will mean some New Yorkers may be
reaching a bit deeper into their pockets to help pay for
the spending.

While the new state budget will not call for any whop-
ping new state tax hikes. it will apparently feature some
creative new ways of raising money.

Smith Dismisses Lawyer

POUGHKEEPSIE. New York (AP) Lemuel Smith. a
twice-convicted murderer charged with killing a Green
Haven prison guard. today ﬁred activist lawyer William
Kunstler and asked a judge to appoint a new lawyer to
assist him.

In a statement to Dutchcss County Judge Raymond
Aldrich, the 40-year-old Amsterdam native denied that he
killed Donna Payant. who disappeared May 15 while on
duty at the maximum-security prison near here. Mrs.
Payant. 31. was the first female guard to be killed in an
Americanprisoph, 1   '. My; ’ {.

Her body’was iburidtltii'itEXHﬁ-iy at‘afaitdfill."wiri:re ’

    

" ' ' o s ‘ r
: 7' Fellowships Available
Attention seniors and graduate studentsl

The Agnes E. Futterer Memorial Fellowship of $50015
now available. it may be used for graduate- study to
theatre or theatre related fields in any recognized theatre
program. Application forms are available from the
Alumni Affairs Ofﬁce and must be returned to the ol-
fice before April 1. .
[Contact either Robert J. Donnely or Agnes E. Fut-
terer of the Theatre Department for further details.

A Swinging Series

 

“Swing your partner round and round. . ."

A series of free Sunday afternoon contradanccs open
to the public will swing into action at the New York
State Museum. The programs will take place from 2 to 4
p.m. on April 4. April 18. May 2 and May 16.

The music featured will include southern old-time,
traditional irish music. as well as traditional music and
calls.

For more information contact Alan Ray at 474-5842
or Melissa Evans at 474-4485.

Admission and parking are free.

Debtors on Hold

The Office of Student Accounts has placed a '
"HOLD" on pre-rcgistrnlion permits for those students
who have an unresolved account for any semester prior
to Spring 1982. A computer printottt of all Student Ac-
count “HOLD” in social security number order has
been posted on the glass windows located by the campus
Post Office. Check to make certain your account is not
on 'HOLD".

For ruorc information. call Robert DcVoe at 457-5014
or go to the office of Student Accounts in BA 1318.

Dippikill Days

How would you and your friends like to spend one of
your senior-week nights at Dippikill.

Cabin reservations for these nights will be available in
LC 7 on Thursday. April 15 at 8 p.rn. This will be your
only opportuntiy to secure a cabin for your party at Dip-
pikili.

Go for it at these special senior discount rates. For
more information contact Jeff Shore at 449-5054.

police said it was taken in a prison trash bin.

Smith told Aldrich that he had no reason to kill Mrs.
Payant because sex and drugs were readily available at
the prison.

Aldrich said he would assign Smith’s case to the coun-
ty public defender’s office. Smith asked him to find
another lawyer because the public dcfcnder's office con-
siders the case “too big.”

Winds Delay the Columbia

WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE. N.M. (AP) Space
shuttle Columbia. diverted by wild desert winds from its
scheduled landing Monday. will try again today in a
suspenseful third-flight finale that could force the ship to
bypass New Mexico and return non-stop to Florida in-
stead.
it all depended on the morning weather and the condi-

tion of Northrup Strip on this barren Artny missile base.
NASA expected to make the decision by 7 am. EST —
with a hoped-for landing four hours later. in space. 141
miles above Earth. astronauts Jack R. Lousma and C.

. Gordon Fullerton had food. fuel and power to last four
days and a NASA official said. “We're in excellent
shape." The crew took 'the news in stride.

Housing Declared Priority

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) President Reagan. declaring
that “housing is one of our highest social priorities."
told a real estate group that his administration will ease
guidelines to help potential homebuycrs qualify for FHA
mortgages and take other measures to help the ailing in-
dustry.- '

 

 

=wltg-Reagan‘made his’comménts'ln a'speéchito'ih’e‘Natidital

 

CAMpus Bitith

 

 

Lights , Camera, Action!

Do you dream of shouting this command? Well here's
your chancel

Entries are now being accepted in the categories or
filmmaking. screenwriting. documentary film. anima-
tion/experimental film. editing and sound achievement.

Scholarships. Datsun “310" automobiles and sound
equipment totaling $65,000 in value will be presented to
university student filnnnakcrs and their schools in the
sixth annual FOCUS awards competition.

Entries are due by April 15. 1982. information is
available from university conununications department
or from FOCUS. 1140 Avenue of the Americas. Box
CR-l. N.Y.. N.Y. 10036.

Workshops for Women

Art. films. improvisation. meditation. massage.
movement and sound.
Experience it all at Workshops For Women. Evening

one-day. two-day or week-long experimental workshops

- are open to all women who want to discover their full

powers.

Programs begin Sunday. April 4. from 10 am. — 5
p.rn. at the Tri-City Women’s Center. 196 Morton Ave..
Albany. There is a sliding fee of $25-$40.

Send your $15 deposit to Karla Kavanaugh, Box 183,
Canaan. N.Y. 12029. or call 781-4713.

Eager to See Seeger

  

 

 

aa- ’
i’etc Scegcr will give a benefit concert for Refer Swit-
chboard on Sunday. April 4. The concert will be held at
Page Hall at 7 p.rn. Tickets are $5.00 in advance or
$6.00 at the door.
For more information contact Laurie Novick at
134-1200 or i’v‘red Scott at 462-5900.

Association of Realtors at the hotel where he was shot a
year ago Tuesday.

Reagan said the “only hope for long-terrn improve-
ment in interest rates is for the Congress to join me in a
bipartisan effort to cut spending" and reduce budget
deficits.

Plant Sale Off Up—State

HORSEIIEADS. New York (AP) Negotiations to sell tltc
A&P food processing plant here to American Safety
Razor Co. have broken off. according to A8tP.

The giant food retailing company declined to
elaborate. except to say that an impasse developed last
week. Bill a spokesman for the chain said negotiations
are continuing with other. unidentified buyers.

Tire plant is described as the largest of its kind in the
nation. it processes a wide variety of products. including
instant coffee. tea. mayonnaise and mustard.

The plant. which reportedly once emplycd 2.200 peo-
ple. currently has about 900 part- and full-time workers.

A Teamsters Union official representing workers here
said negotiations ended before union leaders had a
chance to respond to American Safety's request for con-
tract concessions.

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

.v .-ASE'rcgrets.the e’iror. ..

 

   

Correction

in an article entitled “RCO Department Could Stand
at Half-Staff" in the March 26 issue. the ASP inadver-
tantly reported that 45-60 may be cut within the SUNYA
College of Humanities and Fine Arts. Actually. 45-60
positions may bq cut across all SUNYA programs. The

 

  

" ‘ * v-v..-‘..-.._..

New. York Times _.

College Guide

Ranks SUNYA 10 '

In 265 Schools

By JOEL M. SIMON

m

The 1982 New York Times Selec-
tive Guide To Col/egeshas ranked
SUNYA number 10 of 26S institu-
tions across the country.

The Guide. which rates colleges
on a one to five scale. awarded
SUNYA four points in the area of
academic quality and three points
for both social and atmosphere and
quality of life. for a total of 10
points.

Brown. Stamford and the
University of Virginia were the
leaders. each scoring 14 of the
possible 15 points.

Vice President for University Af-
fairs Lewis Wclch was pleased with
the rating. saying "we're in very
good company, N.Y. State and Na—
tionally."

pm. .3.

    

 

x a
 Wu.

Welch claims the most important
impact for the SUNY systems will
be increasing the understanding of
the SUNY systems in New York and
across the nation.
Black.

Margaret an R.A. on

 

Alumni Quad; said she was "proud
to know that Albany State has been
recognized as a top institution of
higher education... a University can
never cease to improve. 1 feel that
Albany should continue its upward
momentum."

. .- ALEANY STUDENT. Baess. MARCH 30. 1982.

. . _

ASsemblg Mitch 

  

 

15 Homing/{Now in Senate

By JERRY CAMPIONE

This past Wednesday March 24 a
bill declaring January l5 -- the bir-
thdate ofthe late Dr. Martin Luther
King Jr. -—- a state holiday was ap-
proved by the Assembly and sent to
the Senate.

The Albany State Univesity Black
Alliance (ASUBA) is hopeful of its
passage by the Senate. but Charles
Dumas. a spokesman for Senate
Majority Leader Warren M. Ander-
son, had his doubts.

“it hasn’t in the past." Dumas
said. and l'm a little doubtful about
it this time."

But. according to Mareial Gar-
cia. a Senior Representative of
ASUBA. the bill should be passed
so that King would “be given the
recognition he deserves."

“We hope it passes. but we‘d
really like to see something Na-
tional." said (iarcia. “it's about
time that people realize King's con-

tributions to the nation and the
world." ‘ ,

ASUBA has been trying to get
the bill passed along by sending out
petitions and speakers. butlra big
drawback. as Garcia saw it. was
that “school isn't in session on
January 15. so we’re usually not
around to demonstrate. _

According to Dumas. the bill will
have a hard time getting passed
because it affects a lot of organiza-
tions.

“We'd have to close banks.
schools and businesses and this br-
ings with it big financial implica-
tions. it has to be looked at very
carefully.”

“Right now." said Dumas.
"Senator Anderson can't focus on
this bill because of the budget. We
have a lot of other pressing issues."

in the meantime. ASUBA will
support the bill and hope that it
passes here so that it may lead to
some sort of national legislature.

Soviet Jews are Denied Permission to Emigrate

By WENDY GREENFIELD

Leonid Brailovsky. 20, along
with his parents and sister. are
Soviet Jews who have been
repeatedly refused permission ’to
etnigrate from the Soviet Union

since their first
refusal in March 
1972. Their request
was denied because 

the Soviet govern-
ment felt that Leonid‘s mother had
access to “secret information" as a
computer scientist at Moscow
University.

Since the family's application for

“Chariots ” is Surprise

HOLLYWOOD. California (Ai’)
Henry Fonda and Katharine Hep-
burn won Oscars for their co-
starring roles as husband and wife
in “On Golden Pond" at the 54th
Academy Awards on Monday
night, and “Chariots of Fire." was
named best pictttrc.

For the ailing 76-year-old Fonda.
who watched the ceremonies or
television at home. it was his first
Oscar for acting. it was the 72-year-
old Miss Hepburn's fourth — a
record number for acting in a
leading role.

Fonda burst into tears when his
award was announced. his wife
said. “He just burst into tears. He’s
so emotional." Shirlee Fonda said
outside the couple's Bel-Air home.

“Chariots.” a British film that
won critical acclaim. had not been
considered among top contenders
for best picture of 1981. it told the
story of two runners —— one a Jew
from Oxford. the other a Scottish
missionary — competing in the
()lympic‘Games of 1924.

Maureen Staplcton. who played
crusading Communist Emma
Goldman in “Reds.” and Sir John
Giclgud. a gentleman‘s gentleman
in “Arthur.” won Oscars for sup-
porting roles.

“Raiders of the Lost Ark" and
"Chariots" tied for the most
awards with four each. Steven
Spielberg's fast-paced. tongue-in-
chcek adventure ﬁlm patterned
after the serials of the 19405 won
Oscars for sound. editing. on direc-
tion and visual effects. Besides best

picture. “Chariots” won for score,

.‘urvtv~. -

i ' .':‘. .'.‘. r . .'.‘.‘.‘."- . 1‘; .‘i ..

an exit visa in October of that year.
Leonid has been subject to ridicule
and harassment by his peers. His
father was arrested several times for
his involvement in the Jewish
emigration movement. and since
August 1981 he has been irnprison-
ed for allegedly “slanderng the
Soviet state."

' The Brailovsky family is among
the 10,000 Soviet Jewish

“rcfttscniks” who have been denied ,

permission to emigrate.

in response to the plight of the
Soviet Jews, Project Refusenik. a
university-wide effort. has adopted
the cases of two families — the

costumes and original script.
Warren Bentty was winner for his
direction of "Reds," marking the
second year inn row that a star took
a directorial award; last year Robert
Redford for “Ordinary People.”
(iielgud was nominated for an
Oscar for “Beckett” in 1964. The
veteran English actor was the only

Brttilovsky and the Yelistratovs.
The members are writing letters to
the adopted families as well as to

U.S. officials. demanding their
release.
“Although soroe letters may

never be received by our adoptccs,
the fact that the letters are written
shows the KGB (Soviet Secret
Police) that the West is aware of the
plight of these people." said Mark
Friedland. a project coordinator.
Since 1979. the number of Jewish
citizens leaving the Soviet Union
has decreased drastically. in 1979.
51,320 Jews left the Soviet com-
pared to 21.471 in 1980. and 9.447

Best Film

llesta
are

in 1981. according to The Greater
New York Conference on Soviet

Jewry.
"The numbers have gone
down." said Susan Green, of the

New York Conference. “Last year.
less Jews were allowed to leave than
arty other year. This year is going to
be worse." Last month only 283
Soviet Jews were permitted to
emigrate.

Debbie Cantor. director of media
and publications for the New‘York

Conference. said it is difficult to
pinpoint the cause of the decline
but suggested as a factor the in-
creasing coolness of relations bet-
ween the U.S. and the Soviet
Union.

The Conference cited an increas-
ing manifestation of anti-Semitism
in Soviet society.

Specifically. the Conference
charge: Popular and government-
sponsored anti-Semitism is express-

>contlnued on page 5

IERBY’S

 

urant and (aterer
Open 14 Hours 1 Days
809 Madison Ave.. Albany
Phone 465-1229
11pm-7am only

 

candidate for supporting actor who
was not in the audience at the
awards ceremony.

“Mcphisto.” a Hungarian film
about an actor's rise in Nazi (Jer—
many, was awarded the Oscar as
best foreign film. And “Arthur's
Theme" from “Arthur” won the
award as best original song.

 

JEHN PRUL
COIFFURES

Think hair care. The first thing for
good looking hair ls'healthy hair. Spring
well and “shine up'
shiny hair will ‘brighten up’ your looks.

We carry algele, nexxus. redken and
scenthue perfume. Come in and let Us
prescribe what is just for you.

Present this coupon, before April15th,
for 15 °/o off all services offered.

DEWlTT CLINTON
142 State Street
Albany, N.Y. 12207
(518)463-6691

your spirit. Your

 

 

 

 

rrr‘
r‘t'qru-ntrot-

vl’Tll‘Y .1

roll
Honeystung F Hungry Jack
salad  “minarch wtlh
Deep Fried .rwutr-tl rnixetl 2 eggs. choice
hurts luppt'tl of homo. sausan
mm “I” \utlr stiowln-rrys in 1mm Coffee

.mtl \vogclnlrlo

 

N \\‘lll|1])t'tl cit-run

$3.75

& toast

$2.95

 

 

 

discover and
Eve the Israel
tourists only see.

 

‘ Widest choice of programs --
l Touring o Kibbutz - Study o Sports
. ISRAEL
I This 511mm”. PROGRAM CENTER

have experienced “our” Israel.
Call or write for free brochure

ISrael Program Center

515 Park Ave.. New York. N.Y. 10022
t (212') 751-6070. Ext. 238



American Zionist
Youth Foundation
An Educational
Foundation

Over 50,000 students

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

m. M..--v————.——m ,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

