 

‘r‘
'i
l
t
al
'3
,r
i
.

,s'vyi

  

gi‘ izzvirﬁz'u'xxa art". (.1. rv-mt arma'auv

Gubernatorial Endorsement

 

    

   

a“ rep-nut

YI:.(‘LLtA'-A

ITO.RI‘

  

A vote for Mario 4

the best gubernatorial candidate for students. He is

an advocate of voting rights, fair representation on
university auxiliary boards, ﬁnancial aid for part-time
students. student input in the SUNY budget and fair
distribution of secondary education ﬁnancing.

This year, Reagan's cuts have paired and delayed finan-
cial aid to the point that some students find it economically
irttpossible to finance an education. To parry this, Cttonto
favors reinvestment in New York's financial aid system,
one he says already “has had a better record than most
states. We cart be proud of the ﬁrtc SUNY/CUNY system,

.aud ol' TAP."

O n education issues alone, Mario Cuomo looks like

Cuomo‘s stattds on otlter isstrcs make him look even
better. He lists ftrll employment as atop priority. New York
is now irt its worst unemployment crisis since the Depres-
siott. with some 685.000 people out of work. Ctronro swears
to battle unemployment. emphasizing “we cart never l'ford
to lose sight of unemployutcnt's costs in terms of human
suffering."

He proposes to increase maximum urternployrrrcttt
benefits to $l55 a week. attd establish emergency job
retraining centers in crisis areas. He says lte would concen-
trate on the dcvcloprrrent of high-technology industries.
and revitalize tltc job search programs at a university level.

Mario Ctronto is strong on women‘s issues. He says he
will take a leadership role in passing a New York State

Equal Rights Amendment. He advocates equal pay for
comparable work. and urges affirmative action for women
and minorities. Cuomo backs reproductive rights for
women of all ages, regardless of income.

The budgetary process will be nothing new to him, hav-
ing participated in it for the past seven years. He ts a great
advocate of streamlining administration for cost-
cffcctivcness. and his project SAVE (Suggestions to Avotd
Valuelcss Expenditures) has indeed saved New York State
money. Like any other politician, he feels tltat his leader-
ship will put everything in order.

But Cttorno does have a good history. As Lieutenant
Governor. he has presided over the State Senate. is (.‘hair-
man of the Rural Affairs Cabinet, and has won the support
of most state trttiorrs. He served as New York Secretay of
State from I975 to 1979. and is certainly no stranger to New
York government.

Cuomo's history is a strong point. in his first carrtpaigu
for Governor. Hugh Carey was very pro-SUNY and had
very good stands on student issues. He“. we even have a
photograph of Carey speaking at SUNYA wearing a SASU
btrtton. He reversed himself once in office and has become
one of SUNY's greatest crteruics. Sonic student activists
have been concerned that Cuomo, once in office. will pull a
"Carey."

The concern is understandable. btrt misplaced. Cuomo's
record in government service shows that if arrythittg. the
rttatt is consistant. His stands on issues are well-thought ottt

-’uc«xxm LAALAKA;

and aren't just the politically simplest to take. Look at his
stand on the death penalty. The easy thing to do would he
to accept capital punishment. and his campaigning would
be much more successful. Admirttbly. he slicks to his posi-
tion and will keep that position. He should do lltc srnue rm
higher education and SUNY.

As a member of the state‘s Committee on Public Acct“
to Records, Mario Cuonro has fought to support rrud im.
prove the open meetings and freedom of inl'ornurtlon Luvs
which help keep public wltat should be public - :rltumt gm
state records and meetings.

His l979 through l982 role as Lieutenant (irnullru m
the Carey administration has versed him well for the hilt or
Governor. Right now, he enjoys a seven-point lmo m lire
polls over l.chrrnan. But it's still a horse race and he v. er”
really on an upstate tour to garner support in .1” A...“
predominantly Republican.

Tire election of Mario (.‘uomo to the governor. Ml
would rnctttt that students. working people, \mlut'lt.
rnittoritics, arid many other groups that lune Int-led ru-
llttertce in state politics have an ally in that oll'icc. \\ t- tulh
support ltim for Governor.

lly the way. the campus Cuomo campaign orrzunrmuou
will be holding a ntcctirtg Tuesday night in I.(' I7. \I.uio
Cuomo doesn’t have the riches l.c\v Lehrnrau dues, and
depends on people to stuntp for him. not dollars. Iltc clcc»
lion looks close, and every body that turns out uill turtle
Cuomo's victory that much ntorc likely. Please ltc lilL'll'.

 

C

 

o L u M

N

 

 

A real American

1 am sick of reading these bleeding heart liberals who
think they know everything. and want to tell us everything
they think they know. It is time we heard front a real
American. an American who believes in and stands up for
America.

Don't thesejelly-spiued liberals realize they are ortly pro-
ponents for a soft America? Two stands i take exception
with are gun control and capital punishment. lly proposing
tight gtttt control and opposing capital ptmtsltmcnt, these
bleeding hearts are only destroying America. not making it
stronger.

Robert Martiniano

We. as Americans, were givcrt the right to possess grins
— Amendment Two in the Bill of Rights. Politically. if we
take a stand for gun control. arid abridge this constitutional
right. what can we expect to happen to our other rights?
First. they take away our right to bear arms; then they take
away our rights such as freedoms of speech. press. and
religion; and finally they take away our right to vote. What
do we ltave tltcn in this country? (lod-l't)rsttkittg corri-
munism!

These liberals say this won't happen. What the hell do
they know? They still think homosexuals have the right to
teach OUR children and live next door. -

These liberals cite reasons and examples for gun control.
They give us figures from Western countries which have
gttn control. So what if Germany. England. and Japan have
all had less than one hundred deaths due to guns per yettr?
So what if America had over ten thousand deaths due to
guns? We have many more people. Anyway. all those coun-
tries have socialists and communists in their government.
When these socialists and cornmttnists finally wrestle con-
trol of the government from the rightful rulers. they just
don't want to be shot at by the citizenry.

Historically. there is a reason for opposing gun control.
This great nation was founded by people utilizing their
guns. During the Revolutionary War. we had a people’s
militia. The minttte men and the Continental Army are our
roots. When the Red Horde sweeps across this cherished
laud, who is going to fight them?

Surely our allies won't assist. They will be too busy pro-
tccting their own lands though in World War ll we fought
to protect our lands and salvage theirs'. Our armies won't
be able to assist us either. They will be too busy protecting
our interests abroad (the interests we have built with our
money) like the Panama Canal, the oil ﬁeld in Saudi
Arabia. and the factories in South Africa. While American
interests are being protected abroad. it will be the people's
militia kicking Russian butts back across the sea.

These liberals also go on and on about how guns klll.
That is unadulterated bunk. People kill, not guns. How
many of the people who own guns actually shoot someone?
Not really a large percentage. Also, as the liberals claim. a

 

few people are killed accidentally with guns. Accidents
always happen with everything associated with the human
animal. People get accidcutttlly killed in car mishaps: but
these liberals. with all their concern. have never tried to ban
cars. -

If these liberals really believcd irt saving innocent people
from violent deaths. they would understand arid support
America's need for capital punishment.

()bviously laws. for the deviant eletrtcut of ottr society.
are not sufficient deterrents to crirrrc. No matter how harsh
our nation‘s laws have become. crime is perpetually on the
increase. ‘

And trot because of social or cconorrtic reasons as the
liberals claim. Can‘t these pseudo-intellectnttls rcrtlilc that
as the liiblc states. man (the generic usage. ol'cotu‘sc. to ap»
pcasc those semantic trtittdcd liberals) is just bortt evil anti
never progresses beyond that cvihtess.

We cartnot reform the individual, as the liberals are
always trying to make its do. since there is just no hope itt
that direction. We cart only ltopc the judgment itr afterlife
will be fair.

Since certain individuals cannot exist within our societal
framework without hurtirtg and destroying. we need not
- '

 (may . -
(gym. ‘ Colloqu Proaa Snuocu

  
  
 
 
 
  

 

 

   
 

wett.sur<e....uu—
“we lNHERl‘iED 'itll8
\ttttote mess FROM rite
senators! ”

ltear any more mamby-pamby liberal excuses. lutlirirlurrls
who can't exhibit self control in otrr society should tortcit
that right of existence. Why give individuals sct’rmtl illlli
third chances? These people will never pttlgtcss i‘t'Mlilli
their cvilncss arid just continue to ltttrt those of us who lr.r\c
shown some sort of self control.

We also have to realize our courts don‘t deal \uctc .xlttll)
with these deviants. So the court calendars are orcmoutt
ed. That is no reason to let second attd third ruuc t-l It‘lltlt‘l‘
off with plea-bargained lighter sentences. I t‘l's cwtulc
some of these hardened criminals before they ili|\l' to w» to
court a second tirrre. That should open up a I'm tirl‘n IUI
the local jttdgc.

lust maybe, with a few hangingjndges in L‘iltllliililttll, our
punishments will finally become viable deterrents to r rune.
Even if they don't, we still have a few less criminal» ruunun:
around. That must account for something.

Maybe I am being a hard ass. Someone hits to ln‘. We
can't keep being still and expecting to how u aIIHHu
America.

liy the way. it“ you still thirtk i am being serious about .1”
this, please reread it.

  
   
 
   
 

 
 
    
 
 
 

HQRE‘5 one:
“u‘s hot rAtR— ,
u‘a REPlrELleNI’

 

 

 

 

. rawaeaaueaswxr:.ezezc; . . 

t

 

“w- .7-.-..¢——~‘

 

  

 

 

 

 

,‘October 22, 1982

 

 

 

 

 

    
     

 

r. -

.s‘g

l,
l

i
l

  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
   
   
   
   
   

