 
  

«twat-w.»
he .. _ __...

 

 

i.

.- - ms...

. . rump-c.— 1...

.m. A“. .r 

 

<02 W'IOM‘UOD at

t6»

N39)—

....4~..-_. ...., av"... .
' ' " r..."9"Y“T‘T""ir}q~-m.vnlw—¢

.,..,..

 

hen asked to write this essay on

the programming of WCDB. I

- was told to explain why 9iFM
was the best radio station in the Capital
District. That didn't sit right with me Don't
get me wrong. I think WCDB is great. but.
it's wrong to think any radio station can be

the best for all or even most (if ilie
members of a conrtrrunity Every radio stav
tion attempts to find a large group of peo-
ple that ii'fecls it can fill the specific needs
of. be they informational or entertainment.
The demographics of the petrplt‘ that a
radio station attempts to cater to is what
rules it» >_

Joe ‘l’t'elin

in order in der ide what, when. and ltow to
plat, irtiisit‘ when and how tilllt'll news in
air. etc . a radio station tiiust think about
who is listening. \Klr-t they want to listen
and specify llll'tt lIL'L‘tlh in order to program
The days of (’tittt[)t'tll|iitt It

acuitiftittily
radio are becoming iiirirrlreied .is each stri-
Iioii attempts to fulfill a spet‘ilii need of a
group of people (Hopefully large. it is the
nightmare of it program director tltat his
great new programming idea will appeal
only to a sitrall group of 'l'aois‘i Cihephards
located iii Menands i This group of people.
called by many as fragmented
psychographics. which basrcally rneaits a
bunch of people wtth similar tastes. is the
void tltat a radio station attempts to fill
when it enters a market The problems of
competition still arise. of course. as there IS
a certain amount of crossover between the
people tlrai stations attempt to attract The
reason I've taken the time to explain this is
because when one moves to the realm of
college radio these ideas create problems.
since there is mainly one group oi people
that WCDB looks to satisfy: the students
tltat support it.

It's obvious that ‘)ll3M's irtaitt ()bJEClWQ Is
the students It serves their needs itt many
ways. one of the most iiriportaitt of which is
giving them a vehicle to learn about radio
lit the same light. because ‘)ll"M depends
solely on student volunteers. it is the
students that come to get ttrvolved. that for
the ll'tml part dictate what we play Most of
the people who do get involved in 91FM
are interested in Rock and Roll and for that
reason the maturity of what we play is
Rock

However. once we realize that the
students supporting the station are mostly
interested in Rock. we‘re still iii a predica-
ment. There are a seemingly countless
number of FM radio stations who play

Rock. all of whom do a great tub of
marketing themselves and going alter
specific gorups of people. The problem
that arises is that the students. all who have
been brought up nrr commercial radio.
each fall into various psychographs, and
the fact that they're all students is not
criteria enough to seriously dictate listening
patients What this means is that a large
number of students will like PYX- 100 best
and another group 92 FLY because as
members oi society and rtut merely
students, l’YX and FLY do a great toll of
prograttitrririg their Stations to these
students' needs It is because of the great
rob conttriercial stations do iii attracting
listeners that ‘)ll-'M can't expert to go head
to head arid compete with Iheirr by playing
the same music After all. they're profes-
srtarals and we are not It is for that reason
Wt‘llli iilitrtist's the Rock music format it
titres Maybe it Is slightly biased. but we lt‘t'l
one thing that perhaps separates a large
number «if ltltllti listeners iii Ltillegi' from
others is that they have more of air rtrterixst
iir hearing .riid learning about iiewur music
('tiitsetiuetitly. what ‘)ll"M attempts to do
is play new” breaking hands and plav . .
them directly muted in wrtli older titttsit iii a
style called hatrittiockitig. This way. we feel
lli-tl the older. more established bands such
as "The Who". "The Stones". "Chuck
Berry". and old greats like "Eddie
Cochran " arid “The Foundations" will be
good leadiris to the newer groups. so that
even if a person doesn't like a new song be-
ing played. he'll stick around and "mist" its
for the next one What this accomplishes is
that there Will be a few new sutth that the
listeners will like and eventually be “turned
on" to new music. Great extirnples of
bartth that college radio. and particularly 1
WCDB. has broken in iii such a fashion are '
Adam 8c the Ants. the (lo-Go's. Soft-(fell.
The Stray (Lats. Elvis Costello and Joe
Jackson

Obvtously. the irraiority of people are '
going to listen to cotnntercral radio. and
that's understandable «they do a great Joli
But there's a good number of people who
want to hear more than what they've heard
before. and that's who we're after.

In tttany ways it's sad. however [is hard
to say whether radio caused the theory of
fragmented psycltugraplrics to be an ac-
cepted truth fl'd irriagitie “the truth" is apt
to change iii the future) or that people ltave
dictated radio to that trend: but either way.
what has resulted is that people have
become scared of other types of music.
since radio has segregated it. We feel it's
continued on page so

a: ,

 

 

 

   
  
  
  
    

 

 

m. “a. .._.\_r

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

0Q ‘Fli  Badio

adto—it penetrates our lives

every day. It's wrtli us even when

we're not aware of it We eat to it,
study to it. work to it. shop to it. and make
love to it (with lt'!). ln short. radio is
anywhere and everywhere Americans
spend a tremendous amount of time listen-
ing to it. much more so than watching
television. Radio is considered one of the
best mediums to advertise on. as it reaches
so many so often

Boberlr Schneider

 

 

rolli'tii' Ill illttaitygri
had .i palttev 'litt’?
stations that new it
is llttlit'llt'htlilyttnpt

radio in Albanynnﬁ
in quality, iriudi Ptit
expert for a Ltiythrt'
L‘tttlli'ss tttii'd lti ‘
it'dtlt'l‘rl [lltl‘rt'lilﬁl

most popular ttLdt
tioiis \‘v’ltl‘l l'.l’YX'
certaiiih not least;
fL’illIltt‘tl l'w rpm
riiptly on all Ill tlrt '

tloiviist rh' lillli’i 8'!"

 

iitil this summer
iL'tL‘ldl television
irtng. then radio
Fortunately. FM
h iit quantity and
tliait one would

Aspects. ltt its
on (our faithful
e to four of the
cured radio sta»
BK. and last. but
' own WCDB are
csts played pro‘
e Compared to
, where a phone

We asked one person front each station
basically to state what their station stood [or
and what they had to offer a listener Other
than not listing specific calendar dates arid
times of specific programs. no constraints
were placed upon these writers All were
cooperative and helpful itt answering our
request. The reason that these four stations
were chosen is that they represent a good
cross-section of what SUNYA students are
listening to. Obviously. there are several
other stations that can count otrr students
among the listeners Time and space cori-
straitits prevented them from being

covered. If anyone would ltltt. to .see any
other stations covered. feel free to let us

4?

During college.

 

people are especially
' tuned into radio. And when one goes to

call lit‘i.

 

“ti‘i‘t .rtc,‘ tgiral or a snotty
it't‘t.'|'ititt-i‘rl. than; '
.

know.

 

 

 

   

lhunt Oriented Rock is a format

description that survives from the

days when the Reagan presiden»
cy was as preposterous an idea as REO
Speedwagun becoming more than Just a
good bar band Today. AOR is little more
that a glorified top 40 format. in many
triarkets. AOH dominates the ratings. Mass
appeal rock-n-rull is very big business. Most
AOR stations iii the country have hired
consultants. programming corporations
that advise their client radio stations that
the less music they play the better. The
consultant and their clients' sole concern is
fiscal 'l'heir interest irt music is incidental
Disc turkeys front coast to coast follow strict
format guidelines that diminish their task to
tnerltantcal competency lit many iii-
stances. disc Jockeys read what they say on
the air frorrtatrindex card

bl!) Brehrner

As an A0 statirrti'.leti4 its 
unusual We are among a handful of sta-
lions nationwide that has resisted program-
ming trrustc as if we were selling ham-
burgers. ln the six years Q1011 has been on
the air. our commitment to rock»n-roll and
its many musical influences is without
parallel. Although we are riot as eclectic as
we once were. 0104 provides' more
musical choices to its listeners than any
other commercial station in the northeast.
in a typical week. Q104 listeners are ex-v
posed to a diversity that includes
everything front the Art Ensembles of
Chicago to Elvis Presley to Joy Division.

We are primarily a rock-n-roll station.
Unlike most contemporary ruck stations,
we do not believe the idlorn began in 1970

 

 

 

     

WQBK° FM

and ended in 1977. We place a’. ttitit !r | tit
phasis on the pioneers of the Bit 5 .ri.»i ltl‘s
as we have placed on the new triit~. at tli
80's. When 0104 plays “Danctiui lit the
Streets". the artist is more likely to be M ii
tha Reeves than Van Halen. Sitri e  i‘ti
joy the heritage of nearly three (lL‘I ail-wit
rock-n-roll. our listeners tend to he .litilill‘,
older than the traditional /\OR and r
We feel that the people who lti'.‘t r
Richard in the Fifl's are the same proplr
who appreciate the Talking llead». t rt...»

We value spontaneity. iittinvatr-u .tlitl
imagination not only in our mun: ll «it
tion. btit itt our individual on an it ww
'l'his reporter can assuri- you t! .
freedotti to speak is absolute lit-i hi1“;
listening experience Itivnlvm. yirii . '1 't-

  

 

disc tockey III a personal way llifii
and direct presentation is hillilllit‘l t . -
occasional ravings of a walking lrr ililli
nightmare The element of silt|lti.t‘ i
radio much of its Vitality

As an independently [)Ittfrlilliillit’l i.r
tioii with a triattagetrretit that ha». .r it
interest trt providing the t'otiittritriiti: .utlr
an alternative. (.2104 has lltlttitltltt'tl this
area to vrrtually every major rock art at the
last six years.

Finally. let's clear up some trristotrwp
tiotrs.’

 
  

illrt'

 

Ml'cmlceptlon #1: You guys are a
Punk nation.

Allhough we did play the (flash flil’
Pretenders. the Talking Heads. lltt' i'oirr u
Elvis Costello. the Ramotii's. ill! trial
many other new bands years llt’ftili‘ the
AOR community became convinth of
their commercial potential. otit station .ti .n
continued on page So

 

 

WIQPI

hat cart you say about a 10.000

watt college student run. nort-

commercial radro station that
pl y.. Bach. Beatles. Bow Wow Wow. Bali.
B’cntitos. llrauttgan. Brufordr Blakely. Bur-
tdti. lS-SZ'S. Brian (Enu). Bartok. atttl
B'EJWIL‘ (David and Lester)? That we're pro»
grtsStve. adventurous. creative. dedicated
to: be different. cultural. educational. and
W (P! iii Troy. 91.5 IN.
liliie thing that WRPI is. radio station of
Retisselaer Polytechnic institute. is hard to
define We are a crrlleritnn of l) .l '5' With
faster. as varied as the entire spectrum of
tr'tusii’ ()ur Ztilltiti plus volume record
“how allows for tremendous i.i.~.pltiratiiiir
drill the freedom given l'l van t) .l '5 Lou
lead to stitth‘ exciting Journeys. but the
drain point is education We iv iii to learn
alt-nit all the aspects of tirusii and that is

 

.(Klit’istina [lulowoy

the format  present to our listeners ' a
dynamic view of all realms nf
itiiusu; Arclassiml. cultural. rhythm and
blues. folk. rock. country. comedy. pointy.
ltrittimaltsm. and jazz.

Nl music is related—-threads join all type-‘3
(if tnusrtt. such as rhythm. itrstrtrttiettts.
:ttioud. theme. or style We have specially
islrows sprinkled tlirouglt the wettkcmli
:Il-lckie Alper's Mostly Folk. ilte women's
‘sltow Face tlte Music. a Chinese classical
jittd pop overview. Sheun Yeun. an lndiati
tMusic program. Brubbi and Bitchlc ' '
islrow. Yvette's Progressive Vibes. a solid
rhythm and blues mix. Wrangler Bill's
(.‘outiiry Capers. a Jewish music show. a
Broadway music sltow. Reggae music. and
Latin Spectrum. During the week. there

 

<
.r

 

an.- hour lotri vllltsl .la/J sin-rials it o'clock
Rock. and Spoken Word features We fill
the aiiwavvs with otti ittritirre "Werpie"
sound daily irorrr 7am till Iiam

Stilllt‘llllllt} about the physical litt’llllll". at
Wlll’l we are lliCitlL'tl iii the basement of
the (:Ullillllllllt‘itllfrll‘i (:i'lllt‘l at lll’l and we
hayi- tut- studios art "on art" studio atirl a
ptoilttittirii studio There is also a library
and two listening where art
tirrititiitrs i illl titiitiraiti it e plan out) their
show 'l'lti' "-iti all" 'tlllillti “'itttdtii A. i‘irti

stations

Irliita the new H'tliltl ltriis wliitlr hold
tt’tiirrlM net-.- to the stattoi. l‘llltllti A also
holds out format lillts tilttth arv retriirls
that itreinbt'is til lllt' ilrilltill feel are par
lltlllitill.‘ worthwhile and flt"r|’l\U airplay
Many new .iittriiuii« t’l‘- piniitatn llit'it
shoe.» dtii'itli,t hour the lHiIttr.‘ tints ltiifil
they hm IItIlt' faiirilrar \\illi different kinds of
iiiiistt \tliett they ran play anything they
want

When all is said and done
Wltl’l is truly art alternative radio ‘rlttlttili it
seems senseless In its to play what other
radio stations play (i t: Littrettt pop aittl
ruck) because then every radio utattori
Wtrultl sound the same We try to provide
our listeners with something different. new
experiences itt radio sound We are always
changing and always open to suggestions
and questions As most of our attitouticei~
say. this is WRl’l iii Troy If you have any
comments or questions. the phone number
here Is Z7Urtr24i‘l Meanwhile. here's
Laurie Anderson or Philip Class. or Chuck
Berry. or Art Tatum. or Benny (iootlitrat'
m Dire Straits. or .latt ()arbarek. or Kitg
Crimson. or Neii. or Deuter. or Tony
Riley. tit Meredith Monk. or Hart lens or
.lustina l'tlpp. or

\w ilittil.

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

luvs.

iv’t

,
.a
e’ '

 

 

 

further that l'rrt not too sure what
I'm supposed to be discussing
here The guy on the phone said
st tttillllilllg about a feature the ASP was do-

I should point out before I go any

trig something about radio music
“twrrvand-ahalf. 'ttraybi.‘ three
typewritten pages. double spaced » rust

yang it. ()l\'""

.lust "wing it." huh" Well. the last writing
assignment I had was iii l‘l7ti for trrv " l'raf»
llt' Safety Sr l‘revetttion" ilass‘ iYeah l
took ll Astronomy. too (“reetiaii‘ (if
rottrsel Nine credits to be i-sait lllt'llttlttit]
the world lilllttnts 'l‘lk‘ltlil ﬁattt‘i'rs &

i.‘~’i’l")
llut’vc-ry Kojmt

l r't's start out “Hit a it:i.i.t ipiiisttirri t'an
you Itrttl‘l' the Mill“ |lt’l r'tti l‘i ('rtitila'ratrd
ltisltltl‘ tit "."tli .it tiff f iiii t-ltllti \ltllll'il‘ iii
tlii- li‘rlflll-" ti'\|“i\‘.t‘| to follovti

f't'i ti. on t». iiltllf' l|llll'\‘w lll irilk .i hit
.tliiuit l"t'."\' ltiti rltitl llrt‘lt si'I' '.|.|r.il hair
iri'tis fl'illt lltt‘tI'

\I.|“.|‘

nut. t' ltittriii; tlm .ttli .rt. iii itilllllt' of year.

iliillt' Ipate null popularity tusi‘

.tirr. and | l‘t‘llt'\.t' llit'lt' rtli' several tI‘rthtttw
ltit lltls

l'trst the ititisii l'rotti the very liegtttir
ittg l'YX 100 has tried to strike a rarefitl
lialatii'e l)|'l\'.t'c'ti old and new fatitiltai and
tiiifaitiiliat itlitle iitatiitaining a iinrsisietit
rock arid roll souiril 'llris is riot tiurte as
easy as you might think To H'tlt ii a broad
rilldlt‘tlLi' “quires .i thorough iirtderstan»
drug of \\lldl your listeners \U-illf to hear
and when Most people tend to hi.-
sortii'what fit ltle when it comes to music
they know what they like tilttl definitely
knots what they tltlfl'l ltkt" Obviously if
you play trio triitilt til the latter. Lilll'll‘ iii
trouble That's why a timid portion of our
programming is dmotml to the "tiassits"
lllt.’ tittittps llit’ siititJ-i ttiirsi people
never get fltt'tl of I'm talking about The
Slfllll'w the Who led Keppi'liii, l'irrk
l"ltivtl .‘iliin Wlat
titan

If you don't happen to hire \‘ hat i. “ii at
\'.llt’lll|‘| it ltt' IIt'W xltlll

fit'tii‘sis, lltt’ ’iiaitli's

.iirt, Air-wit lililt‘
front Muir .it Work oi ttl'lt‘l riraterial ll'itlt
llit‘.itl [imam llltllttt‘ﬁ ttlt' \ut'll lit'l you
\sitlr the nest lllllt‘. and the lltlit‘ after that

/\ii tt.r|riittttrit tttgli'iiti'iit tit Illll tittitir-ei
has liL'L'ti tIlli tritiittiittttii'tit l‘l 'ﬂ‘\t'lill
groups that are rmtrii-trsely popular lti this
area and have altt.ry-. been so. even
. wrtlrout the l)(.'lt(’lil of significant airplay
. Before PYX-ltiti, groups such as flush.
/\C,r‘l)C. Lynyrd Skyiiytd. attil Van llrtlL'ti

 

‘0. ‘-

 

 

were receiving only limited exposure Yat.
their ability to sell large amounts of albums
and/or concert tickets was without ques-
tion PYX- littr has always tirade plenty of
room for these groups. and Will continue to
do so

We Will also (4 ltll'tiltt‘ to make room for a
large variety of spin ial features live curi~
certs, ititi-tvrews. tltlisri '.‘-'\‘.H and the like
Because of our popular it: we have the
ability to select from the rarest syndicated
programs available In atltlttton. we've
always tried to create as main. of our own
features as possible to keep things irr-
tint-sling

As far as new Itittsii‘ gov. I'd l: e to pi iitil
out that I’YX llitr i». [lltH‘lllt‘ mine i if ll than
i'\‘t't lwlore and \LL‘ t’\]lt‘ll this trend in

 

.oittitiiie Iliiri-ts hate : hurried tittite a lrtt
siiti r' l'i.~.li. \kltt'll ltlifl Spu- .aii<rtr held
'lll' I'lllttltt't l pmitimi .2 it
.\~ l t.".itiii‘ r- at .

 

-l .‘llittllt ‘--tlt."s

 

 

'\t’t'l\ .rlti‘r xttu l-.

 

inl‘i'li's tllttt' l l.i‘tl ll
llllllll‘tltl trim with Mi‘r a. Work l e
lt||l'l'r‘flt "ll-I‘.‘ (Tats .ii i l‘li‘i‘lll‘l l'r'is ‘\
all ill llll’ imp li’til

iltlt‘rilt'l'i .ill tl rt
these things

llai popular lil‘ilt’
fllllt ll" llt'll l ilotrt krirru.
sewn in go tit i'yi les (,‘r'itarnli. tlre li'wtrsli
support of such music lit, the other siatnitis
iii this feature. and the int teasing vi~ liilrty
of M'l'\l have had a good deal of nt~
lltit'tlt e litit. I'll tell you if 1 could alutiys
liiitite out what \vtll sell I‘d be a rich man
Speaking til MTV l can say for sure
that the influence of video music is rapidly
increasing l was skeptttal at first. but
lllL‘ll") no denying the addictive quality of
Ml'V And there's also no denying the
number of requests \u' get that originate
frorri a particualr video l'rii talking about
songs that have reverted little exposure
from tlIlL radio station l)ef l.i'pp.iitf's "liri
itigtttg (iii The llt'.titliri-ttk." for example
or "Kiln": light" from ('lti‘ap Trick
These two songs haw been among it”!
most requested t'wii though \u' paid little
iilll‘llllltli to them ithen thet. titsi lrl‘llt‘ out
llli'il iii-ital poprtlariti, r til definitely be

.rir MlV

llii' t"l [it t trli‘rlilltl |'\|“ lli

 

't't‘i'll lltlltltl Ill tr' e it'v Ilttaitt. arid
the out; at llll' .-\.‘~t" ltl“rl|‘fl this piece he
strlririitti-d lvtt‘sl-‘t ‘u‘. tat lllt' latest) lttuess
my tank lral .r.t'.-'ir't changed niitilt
stlltt‘ l iilh‘tt‘lr'vl thew lialliitvud hall:
which brings r.~ to lllt' answer to the trivia
question i asked at the outset of this
iii-tstetpeiit' Who's had the rltrltiitits
distinction of making at WRl’l. Q'litil
W(.‘l)l<l and l'YX‘lUtr',‘

Wlty me. of course.

“our '.

1

 

<02 manneu)

'6—

1
9
8
2

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

- .“_....“,._c; . .; z . .

