  

   

I pageHGqILAprll 23. 1982 ' . - . sounn

&VISION

"A Edmund’ s seventh Sojourn

W. ptcktrrg Dave Peacock. He does a marvelous job on the in-
! strument. and that type of tune is refreshing to hear from
someone like Edmunds. He isn't afraid to venture into iron-
comnion material (for hint). Can you imagine just Dave
Edtnunds. tio guitar. but just a piano? Well. that's just what
happens on “One More Night.“ There's a guest piano
player on this one. Lia Grundy. who also wrote It. its a
nice song. but lyrically and musically it resembles a drunken
"We've Got Tonite" by Bob Seeger. TI’EKllllOimllSl Dave htt-
munds fans may have feelings of fear at this motneiit is
Dave selling out or going soft? No! Tliere are some really
cranking songs on this album Dave has joined the newest
fad in music today: doing copies of NRl’rQ's "Me and the
Boys." toining Bonnie Raitt iii this category. llts version is
loaded with echo delays that becnn're exagg'eriited towards
the end. This is a treat effect. and it adds to the sound quali-

he guitar chords D and E7 form the basis for the

tttle..uf the most recent Dave Edmunds' album.

D.E. 7th. it’s the latest offering from the under-
rated 38-year-old star who has contributed much to rock
and roll. t

Robert Schneider

 

 

, Edmunds goes back a long nay. to the late oil's. when
he was in a "power trio" called “Love Sculpture" What
they did \\" generally turn the current tau and blues tunes
of the day into electric guitar sounds lti l‘l7li. he rrioied
into a sinner lane of the rirusic highway. and lititi lits first
int. "i Hear You Knockin" including l) E 7th. he has
recorded 7 solo albums In addition to recording. he's pro-
dirced for himself. and the Stray L‘ats His most constant
partner has be it Nick Lowe. \\.tllt about he teamed tip in
"Rockpile." ti group of the line Ttt's fitlmunds has also
played on all of Loiie's solo efforts.

Some incredible songs liac come through the attiplifter
of Edmund» guitar. like "Crtrckiii' ilp." "They Call it
Rock." "(irrls Talk." “(‘iaivlin' l’l’ttl'li the Wreckage." and
"'i'eacher. 'l‘eacliet' " It‘s clear front all these references that

 

 

 

he's no lightweight when rt corttcs to music.
lidmunds' style is one that is \ety easy to recogni/e. and
7th is rtit e.\t eptiori to this rule What

 

easier to eirtoy f)!
is surprising is that f‘:tlllllillLlS himself didn't write anything
on the albutrr .

Side otie opens tvith a cut tvritten by 7 could it be? —-
Tire Boss! it‘s called "From Small Things. Big Things One
Day Corrie " All phallic symbolism aside. it‘s‘ a strange tune
that tells the tale of a ltr‘yeai old \r\eri who goes through
lovers like you and i go through socks ‘ller toad firrally
etids when she shoots her lover tone of tlieiti) because his
drivrrrg hugged her lidmiinds appears really to enjoy sing-
rirg this otie l‘lrs‘ singing cart range from a serious lecturing
style to a bouncy excited one liis singing is emotional on
"Bari You Out." a silllg that is posriitt-Ii. sciiizo It begins
With a guitar tiielotli; (otintl tlt only one other place the

Heart And Soul

r

    

.tripch Illtliii'illt‘l

 

“'l" lrointrst ~.ir.tl tclattottsirrp to suit his purpose
3“ ii'l "’1 " ll"' l“i' “"“i ‘-“ ('lir.~ and fury are t oirrpt-trtors iii the satire
|'\\‘l|f tlrt- I't‘lllttllltllllli. and it is the effect of
lltt‘tt l fil‘it’lll'ss ttti their t ortipetetnt'ttess that
llllI‘lt sis linvlii'. ittit tittt; \tiyt'iitlstit' fll‘k‘lllt“
tutti i\l'l| ll'sltltilt\ lltitititt'i. the relationship
littt it in same sex iti orilcr to have ttti- srtttru

tlrt- lli'ltrfllt" til I‘t'fstrtrttl lirvsr iii.
hate .r lrtittrost,v\ii.il lt’ftlfllrltslt;| fin» is
.‘lt‘ilflt’l tlrt' tilt st :itrrtttrttrtrt irt.r 't .- irrrmr ;rr

..s,\.i

 

'-'ii'siittg .rst't'i: v i an t‘\fit‘lllt’ll.
t

. r\' It. il‘

:.in out ‘i i..t‘  I‘ll the t .itt\I i‘i

t ifflll'

 

li'l‘lif-“v ‘ " "'“ll'l ' “"l " lt‘|t~-titli Mt-tr .ititl \Utilti‘ii rarely t'ortrpt'te

~l~ill lasttl to head lit the saint' t‘\\'llf. so the t‘ffi't‘t

Mark Rossier

rtit ntttt, of

of it llt‘lt’lll‘t'Xllrll relationship wouldn't he
the same Thus. when ( hits and fury break
tip it is not llt't arise they tlii' "hail tvotiieit."
l’-.'-'htiiiiif lies! 5 iil‘HHl tbi iiiit betatrse their closeness makes it impossi-
'iiiiili’i" "“ ll “ "11“ “i if" i"  ri"”l‘ lili’ to be both cotiipetiiors and lovers,

lloweset. as i said earlier. I’t'rsttrttrl “L‘Sf is
riot .t ltirri about lesbians. | is about the
development of an athlete l'ht- ftlrtr falls
roughly (\‘ery rougliiy) Itlltr thit-e set'troris
l:tthl (flirts gets her hotly in shape. their her
heart and finally her head Only after slit")
acctttriplished all three is' she a total athlete
and individual It is this growth process that
innate. and we. firrtl compelling

This is a remarkably liberal liltn. not last in
its approach to sex and nudity. but even
fetiiale athletes who train and r oinpete liotit "mu. m "5 quiet. subgu agscninn gm. (pump.
Will) timl il‘ii'llhl i-‘dt‘h ‘tht-‘i Tl'k‘ lt‘ﬁl‘li") ilf' athletes are not all that different from their
fair flit“ Lli'JWS l’L‘fWL‘U" (“"15 Chill)“llln :iitth.‘ counterpartrs. Tire women in this
lMilrlL'l HL‘llilH‘JWWl ("id Ill")! Sliliillk'r itttt\l\‘ drink and swear and tell dirty jokes iii
fl’iilfll'k’ l“)'i'WllVl 15 Simply ii l'“ll"i‘l mm“ the locker room (actually. steam room) just
tioit of the theme. Moreover. it Would be lltt‘ 1th we've igwuys seen rm. {Durban rum" g0.
PUSSlbli‘ l‘" TUWIW l" USL‘ '"Wll‘inu in" ii ing liven more startling. they are far more

Sub—Urbaniak

rtloittrtiately for Michael Ur (.‘oiyell'sllashypyrotechnics.oirrnatclirng
barrrak. Larry (.‘oryell is .t iotk ttt'liusill't‘lt‘t'ltlt' ()vation six- aritl twelve
guitarist i’er'haps (Totyt-ll felt he string guitars. were duly appreciated by the
had to tottrpensate for the absence of .r nird’uet'k crowd trf about Ztiiltil Scott's lint

tlilikll." tweti. tirade tliill it‘ll-t  ttrr Itt'tli’
oiiipellutg triitl ttliiltk'lilll than :thi .. :.l‘ttiti‘lt'
(,‘Irtrnttts or fire

itll predictability of
lloueter to tail l’t-rsontrl lies! inst ti spoils
trrovie is as IiIULli of a rrirstt-piescnttttitin as it
rs to call it a gay movie
Witter"l’toducer-ltireclot Rubi-rt funny is
interested in the [mini athlete ptttstt ally.
etiiotrunttlly and psychologically A llttttlr:
part of iltL‘dtlltt concerns ‘ ll \\illt lltl' rela-
'.‘itl)lit|ts that develop between a group of

 

rhythm settioit at the duo‘s Tuesday night ll L‘ul‘t t-.itli times like the swinging "tiirst
totiL‘t'rt at .l is Scott's. but his playing itas lirt'trtls" tilitl ('hii' (:“lt'tI-S "Spain" that Ur
lianrak itiatie strltii' new fans llis lf(|tltil.
Ith‘tt filled iotrtps‘ on the violin were in tort

tttiit'h l'lll lrtia'. y handed and rtllt t‘t‘tll‘tl llil
ly tti overpowering (Jilidllitll. iithairiak
much more the ram piirts't. tilten given the trust to (.‘oryell's essentially v-itrioiis picking
chance to play free of ('ori,t'll'~. lliit it and V.lt('llti‘| (Toryi'll was simply too coked tip to
heavy -.triitriiiiiiig. lei ltttrsi! 'A'illi mating play to his capacities. or was not usctf to the

(lights of (forcing \ttrlln stilt». ltt fair. the deitiairtls of pt-rfor‘tiring an acoustic concert

highlight of the night lii‘t uttetl when one of in .t duo setting is hard to tell. btit Urbaniak's
(,‘oryell'sgiirtttr sitiiigsbroketiritiiigtr l lorate strong playirg more tlratr coriipeirstili'd and
Silver medley and Urbaniak carried thc tune the show was well worth wlitle for that
—Jonathan Clymnn

reason. '

 

brilliantly iiittii the string was ieplai ed.

 

 

. , .51... mm sycairitltrt‘smny in. min; i'. m t a ti.) ..r.'.c..‘-..r.ir:s‘. t. uau L’s it's'ii’a‘aih'a

   

Major chord: Daue Edniunds records an albunt of
covers. bttt his skill still shines through. ,

third album from a little ol' band called Led Zeppelin. But
wait: sooti the familiar. driving Edmunds beat has returned.
Suddenly. a French style accordtan begins to play This
song is profoundly confused. as it tries to go off on 3 (me.
separate tracks It is good. though.
and builds tilt the earliest roots of rock and roll. including
rockabilly "Dear Dad" was written by none other than
Chuck Berry. and during its brief life of l minute and Fri)
seconds If tells of the pleas of a teertaget to his Dad to buy
hint a new car iidrriunds makes a 90 degree turn with

 
  
  

 

 

ty.

Edmunds explores

Orr songs where the music is nothing to behold. he
makes sure that the lyrics are entertaining enough for the
listener. and by doing this. no song on the album can be
classified as undesireable. “Louisiaiina Matt" is an example
of a song that is just there musically. but lyrically it's rather
enioyable It keeps building up to a climactic solo or riff. but
it never arrives

The band used oti this album is of good quality. with
John David. bass; Dave Charles. drums: Geratnt Watkins.
piano; Dick Hanson. trumpet: and John "lrish" Earle.
(baritone 8t tenor sax).

Edmunds and the band sound the best on “Other Guy's
Girls." It's not complicated. or deep. but it's catchy and fun
it would be better if the closing riff matched the opening

Edmunds clearly shows on this album. that despite being
an "elderly" (38) musician. he cart still outdistance.
outclass. and outshirie most of today's "superstars." Given
the airplay. "Other Guy's Girls" would zoom up the charts.
Unfortunately. Kenny Rogers is fresh iii frotri the pasture
wtth a shovelful of his latest. so poor Dave is relegated to

I (2104 and on occasional satidwrch between Ozzy and

"Warnied Over Kisses (Left Over Lover" .Jed (.‘laryett
brought sortie of his kiii over on this one. riaiiiely banjo

.u .
‘tll |tIl"d

 

The broad jumps: Mariel Hemingway
competes in Personal Best.

 

interested iti their sport and their condition-
ing than they are iii socializing with men.
This is not to say that ’l'owne makes the
women itito tithar Xeroxes of the Animal
House crew or trigid. “butch" jocks. He is
trierer pointing out. and quite accurately i
think. that women are interested iti more
than rust men and that something else can
anti does satisfy them.

This is Towne's directorial debut. and it is
a Very impressive one. but he does have
trouble ill some spots The training scenes
that make up until] of the first half go on for
a little too long Their length is accentuated
by the fact that they are filmed iii slow tnor
ttoii Actually. too min b of this filitt is tit slow
motion i don't know whose idea it was to
shoot t-vt-ry ititiror event in tr spirits movie in
slow motion. hiil It is a convention that is
l'owne often uses the lI'l iriit
qite sirprtsrttgly well. so it's unfortunate that

iteatiirg tlriti

ri' tlt‘trtrt'ts frotir these scenes by overtltiriig
il

Mariel ilt'tnifrgway's pt'iloritrtirrce is also
problematic. birt l'in not sure if the prolili'iit
is mine irt frets. l-lettirtgway has always
bothered the. mainly becuase of that little girl
voice of hers. lreall/e she can't do anything
about her ‘4‘Hllt but it tends to inc all l:|f

u r. .3. v«.'_ t., .' .

AC,"l)(? on They call it Rock.

performance the saint not i rri\rricliig gritilily
Add to that the latt that for the first hour of
the moire all she does is cry and get hurt.
and her presence itl'ttllilt‘S a bit irritating
lll.'| quality. liotvevt'r. progressed uttli the
filtri so that by the end she had lttt‘ convinced
that if or when her voice tiirtnges she may
becottre a fiire actress *

i‘owiie has done (i iiitiiibei of remarkable
things with this filrrr. not the least of which is-
finding not one. but two ex-athletes who can
actually act.

l'atrit'e Donnelly h spectacular as i’ory
She isn‘t required to "act" iii the traditional
sense as much as be it strong goitiirtg force
She overwhelms simply fry the inert.-
physicality of her work Yet at the satire time
there is a deliriite. deeply left heart to her
pei'forritairce. Where the ambiguities of the
character's motives are deliberate or merely
the result of her inability. it is still too early to
tell. but at this ptiiiit it doesn't really matter
since the character benefits frorti it. This is a
litre piece of work and Donnelly has piit
herslef in the position of being trite of the ac-
tresses to watch.

Similarly. Kenny Moore has little to do
beyond play the chartiiing. supportive. prep-
py boyfriend who completes Chris'
psychological arid emotional growth.
However. charm is iii short supply these
days and Moore seems to have cornered the
market on it.

However. the central performance that
holds the film together is that of Scott (iletin
as the "slightly past his prime" coach. (Wliy
are coaches Itt sports movies always slightly
past their pt‘irtie?) lie is the force that ties
everything together. the one character who
remains constant and who no longer ex-
pertt-rit'es gi’otyriig pains Vl‘lliltri'ls. who
«houses- to coach women over ttieir. t‘ttltlt's‘
ttlt's‘ttltit‘ of fitness and lit
tfependcttte t|li|l self fulfillment (iii-tin
looks like a good i liitti't’ for a number of next

lllt' film's

year's supporting tit ttii ltl)itilt‘I

l’r'rstrtttrf licst is it filtit of \I‘illrll lit-.iiitv il|t|i
can't be described iii any conventional way
it is the beauty. not of llit' landscape of lltt'
environment. litit tht- iatrtist am of the body
There is tio ioyt'uirsiii inioivt-d trr l‘owne's
\tsion. lie is litll ot litiflllflli httt respect for
llH’ 'ykfllllli‘ll lll‘ *vlll'H‘. rllllf Ui‘ rtV rlli till

“resents”.{iiiiiilir retire .  ., .. . ..

 

 

 

i oga Party '

"efoie the feminists can stop you.
before the gays tan picket you.
and before the letishists can be.”

ti (hoof). take a few hours out for .it [funny
ring flop/relied ()tr Iltc’ Way to the l’orurti
itlie main stage of the l‘A(' ’i'hr- (Juith
'i'lieater’s frilly staged musical is quite a
Lia party. managing to offend all of gut
tove wlirle delighting nearly everyone t‘l‘r‘.

Andrew Carroll

()sttinsibly set in Rome tlt Ztiti itt'~
mum is as much about Home as M-A-SJI
about Korea (and i say lllls only becaug.
. any ("relbart had ll litiiiii tli treating both
mum arid tv.'s M-Ah~ II)
rikiiig back at the empire. as tiigursh
leads citizens.

[is it (rise of

seiidolus courtesans.
urriiclis and soldiers oti ti burlesque race
vet the Seven Hills. all to the beat of
teplien Sondhetni's catchy rl lcatlieriiglit
tom ("Comedy Tonight" aitd "Lovely" it"
tuning the only real hiiirimables)

Sly i’setrdoius‘ is slave to the house of
etiex. which is lit fact a (.‘itippi-ttiittle affair
t the center of Robert lJotirielly's ctrtnti
ottk set. which includes two other
’lllt equal disdain for historical accuracy
iticli is flow it should be. lit a musical
’ltii‘lt owes inspiration to the school of art
’lttt'lt one might call lltlltllit iiarbaric
seiidolirs curries to the aid of young lleio.
ihose name says it till. and who is in love
tilt the healthy young virgin iii the employ
if Iil‘Kl‘tltHit-ltt'lfjltlittl Marcus l.ycus The
takings of a fairly L'tit‘tvL'ttltUtttil love story if
rot (or sortie of Lycus' other charges. in
‘luding the belly dancing l'irititiabitla. the

lUUbi‘ﬁ

Comedy Tonight: William

   

  
 
 

Salzntan and S

-; tiit It“  thruster
_, Apr1123, 1582/paée 7a

 

 

 

       

I

‘ - '4. ..
itzarirte

Scott share a tender moment

in A Funny Thing...

 

squealing (it'rrrrtrtte sisters. tintattred \ftltttlht.
arid the leather i'ltrtl (iyttiirtrsttr You get the
picture

Unfortunately ftti oiti l'lero. stitietht'art
l’ltilia has been sold to Miles (iloirostrs. a
great general used to t’ititt|tlt‘\i\ titrd littlllltil
ly desirous of ti \rrgiii its tip to l'st'irtlolirs to
figure out a way to trick llit’ general out of his
toittiat‘t so llttll the young liners might be
tttttlt'tl. and iii doing so must tlotlgt' illt’
spears of soldiers. the wrath of lth iiittsters
and the delights that \vait behind Mart its
l.vi us' revolving door

if that's not enough. l’st'iitloltis rrrttst tori
tend wrtlr licro‘s father frame a little t'tllli,‘
liotir an outing With his \lttl‘\\‘ of ti \\Ift' illlll
eager to sow his last oat f\\illt l’lrilttr of
ttrrtrse) Add to this the H’llillt of \lttiltlt‘llll'l
old Liroiitits. lratk from a stunt h for film long
lost children. (i would say don't forget lltt'ttt

birt the script never really lets you), and you
liti\L‘ the makings of grand frirce

if all this sounds like St'tipirr or Volporrt' it's
lttili‘ ivorider (‘ielhart olniotrsly loves those

f.ttt Va and their rrrrpiobabie plots laderi ivitli ‘

ttiisttrlit‘ri itlciititit's ladies rti distress, ttlt’ll Itt
hug and .t fiendish. overly tli‘\l‘i hero to
\‘ itl. ilrrriqs lllc adapted
l’r itrdutn. a few years bat k as My [m i

Volprrirt' for

lo tt/tt \siitlts as a \k‘tllttll'lfltl \i‘litl tip of that
itht ll‘ Iti’iltt'

lli itetstty l'lrt'att'i has also done t’\tl'[l
ttoiraliy mill \vrtlr lllt’ lattes llt’lt' 't's .lot-
litiit'is titriitiig "ttapiriest- as l'st'iitli-lits.
iirittritrg .rlroiit lllt' stirgt'. dtit lirirtr iii and out
ttf lltiltlil‘ flt‘ll'lltlslltlt\‘1'i[)lt|\.'tltilllillt’ﬁ.
bitt stays appealing and (mint iriirrctht'lt'ss
As his foil liystt'riuttr. Mike l’.tss.rrto also
tends to ittcitiri it. playing lllt‘ \ltnt' |l| thief

Sweet TranSvestite

tie word of caution is iii order

before exoi'tiirg you to run to see

lilake Edwards hysterically furiiiy
farce. Vtrttiri'Vtctortrt. You‘re gortig to have
‘r hard time finding spaces to breathe
Writer/l )irector iidwar‘tls does provide sortie
lapses slow enough to allow the viewer to lil‘
hale atrd exhale a few titties. birt Uiitti lii'tillli
is__s_ttliiir tlariger

Jim Dixon

in addition tobeing probably the least es
plottive liliii l lollywood has ever made about
ith (it rust takes them (or granted). i’tc
tot/Victoria is the best "buddy" liltrr strict-
litttcli (.‘iisstrltr and the Sittrdtrnct' l\'tti in this
case, oite til the buddies is Robert l’ri'stiili its
i'titldy. a self confessed "'old qiietiir." llll‘
tbeotht'r is tlulie Andrews. as air tiltl of malt

. coloratirra named Victoria

Victoria has a voice that can literally slitit
let glass. biil this isn't the sort of act that
nightclubs in lidwards' souirdstage recreation
of 1034 Parts are booking. Folllillk' rnipei
soriatots are in. however. and Toddy. who's
taketi the near starving Victoria under his

wing. has the brainstorm of tiiarkeliiiLi Vii"

toria as "Victor." ti brillitirit female imper-
sonator.

Chances are tlils would never work in real
life. but that's the least of this film's concerns.
in real life. no one in 1034 accused anyone

' if being "an arrogant male chauvinisl." at

east not in those words in l/ictor/Victoria.
towever. the ruse does work and it works
pectacularly. "Victor" becoriies the darling
)f the gay tiigbtcitrh crowd. and the mom'sJ
tarts rolling in.

The flliii wouldn't be cottrplt‘tt' wttlitrtif
Ullhlnl'U. and so enter James ('iarirer as an
titerican gangster/nightclub t'ltltt'ltl'lh'lll-

Illllnlllllllll

“Asking anyone

to top a movie

like
Victor /Victoria is
asking a lot."

 

.who is secretly smitten with "Vii tor." arrtl
visa-versa. lidwartls provides his only really
thoughtprovoking material in the relation
ship betweti the two. (Earner ttrri't (relieve
that "Victor" is it man simply because he
finds himself attracted to "hint " He's right iit
lils sitsprtiritis that "Victor" is a (land. of
triitise. lrirt Victoria. on the Itlfii't hand. is
aggrinatetl that his ititile ego \\’ttt|.f allow lritrr
to believe that the only reason site i trrr't he a
mail is because ltt' finds ltt't atttattnt'

If that makes any sense
lhtirt' are iriiirit'ioiis subplots .rtrtl tltt.'.’l
itig supporting pt'rltiitiirtirt is to litiil|llt’li|t‘ltl
lllt'til Lesley Antit' Warren is tlt‘ltltlilflll as
(itritit'i's rtioIl. iltttrtq titt outrageously lllt‘
bitirt pasttt‘lrt- of vii-tin lltril-iiv At one ptitiit
as ( iatirer «.its fort'lirrrily iir ilil' ll‘.llllt room of
his hotel suite \Vttrrt'ir appears in the door
way. wearing a yellow tiightgtiitii and what
trig. “l‘tlttlﬂlt‘. l'nr horny "
ft pltrvs better than tl it'irtls
vlirltti Rhys liavttis. late of f\'tllift'th u/ the
Lost r’\ilt. as an oddly lirittsh l rt-irt’lr agent
and Alex l\'triias’. as (iatrit't's bodyguard
also give wonderful pei’fottnaiit'cs Kairas‘
part is worth special attention. hirt if I giw it
the space If deserves l'll spoil the surprisi-
lidwaids. who also created the long-
running Pink Panther movies. tltitl "10."
weaves burlesque. slapstick arid satire far
better here than he ever has before At times
one is tempted to think that the slapstick is
dragged in from another liliii. t‘\t'l‘|‘tl that it
works so datirii well. (i'm not. as a title. a big
fair of slapstick. but I finally \votrnd tip
laughing so hard I almost lost my dinner.)
Victor Victoriii, by the way. is as “(NHL
ittilllit’tl a totiri'dy as you're likely to ltiitl
l'lie humor is never really mean or cruel
lf ltt'llii] trri hysterically liirriiy iirttrp tvttli
stipt-ib pt-ifotrriant'es weren't enough. l’rc
tot Vii limit is a beautifully \i‘ell liitllll' ftlrir to
in it )l it‘t'tt'titly t| gititrt \ll'tll of .tilt'itiltili has
ltt‘t'lt ptirtl ttr "l‘rtitl‘rt’tiorr Design” films. such
as lsi‘tirit‘ l'rttiri Nt'rti )illh. (litt' limit the
Heart. and other movies llitltlt‘ largely on
l’rr‘ltrr Victoria is also liltillt'
fltt‘ way they rrstid to

.tririrdstagt-s
\t'tv largely on sets
do it Now it's only done that way if location
shooting is impossible ltlwartls' Paris is l'm
snie |itt'llli't than the real thing There". a
striking. stilitle. ttiitl tirttrsiial color scheme of
oiairtrt's. rirageirttrs. pinks and lti\lt‘llllt‘|.‘r.
partititltitly Hi the iritriii'rtitrs nigliltlttb sir

||llt’tt|'|‘\ (“flit li feature pretty good inirsriril
triitiiliers by the way)

ltr ridilitttiii. lhitislr i'irretrrattigraplrt't liit'lt
liitsli. \vlitise \i'otk f‘i‘e always liked. has
done a littlsft‘lftll to!) of photographing ffll'
iriinte lire liliii is gorgeously ill. and iii oirt-
ritiitlittitstit- yt't striking shot ltl' titres a Job
tlt-trrce part soirretliiitg you don‘t we \1’l‘.
tiff! ii

The Light Fantastic

errtctnbei those gtatrtniar school

field trips ttt lllt’ [)ltlftt‘ltllilllli to

learn about the toitsttiilairotts?
Well. the St'henet tady Must-rim l’lttnt'taiitiirr
offers it ftisttttatrtig change liotri the ion
sit-llatron show the laser short Alan
Jackson arr Richard Moirda have ct-i-
lalioititeti to create an liotrr of iiittttotr-filleti
laser light patterns set to coiirpt-iiitig rriiistt'

Mary Beth Raven

The effect is "corgasmic" -— yes.
something between cosrrric aid orgasmic.
From the pitch-black. silent planetarium. tlie

quadr'oplionic sound system thunders forth with (ieiresis'
of stars whirls around the planetarium dome. pierced by twisting. throbbing red laser litres

Patterns become arcs and spirographic designs diiriiig Boston's "Rock ‘n' Roll Band" and
"Siiiokiri'." "White Rock." a Rick Waketnan masterpiece. is aiiiiirated by dancing laser

frogs. llatiiiiigoes and children.

Vangeiis' "I Hear You" is intense. with it refracted. sparkling laser light floating along tire
star-studded dome. ibis unusual sight and sound experience also features InllnlL by A

DeMeola. Phil Collins and Elton John.

 

Capital lirsttict. .lackstrir arid Mtritda present

sortiewlieri' between Felix Unger and
Charles Nelson Reilly. He too pulls it off.
though. especially singing "I'm Calm" in Act
I,

Scapitt h.itrself. l’aul lidwtrrds. retiitrrs as
Marcus l.ycus’ and borrows most literally
fioiit the Format trrovre lle's adapted. err
iattcally. l‘hti Silters‘ thick ihooklynese. but
iirtirittges thetc i\t‘ go again) to [within] .rti of
let live I Hillt'tlirill

\thlttirir Hal/titan is beautifully cast as the
sltrrtt‘ t ycil fit-rti fiig eyes stare into tlir
lit'tri t’lis as he sings "Love l i fear" in a ski or
terror As his oliret tl'tirtior. fulsome Sit/antic
Scott is at lt'rtsl the physical equal of her role
whit it i\ all that's tletiianded of her

l’airlti Hit/mire ()lrta. 'l‘t‘riii Matthews. and
Jay l.irisky are uniformly excellent iii the
supporting roles. as are Leesa Markbreiler.
Terri \r'antlenliost ft. and Francine (male as
the ioirrtt'saits Also keep your eye on the
l’iotcaiis, played Willi Three Stooges subtle
i\.' by tiarries liirtt her. lirtatr McNamara and
('htirlt‘s Magnet They do great things ivitlr
duffel bags and littlliukL's

litit-ttor William
('lroteitgiaplrt‘t (‘orrstarice Valts‘ lftll ll(|\|' ti

Leone and

fittir grasp on llil' sltrpstti lt proceedings. and
Itititti.‘ of the laughs (and there are many) are
llirlllls‘ to them The musical tiittrrbi'ts are
done nit )Il’ than totitpeteiitly by the cast and
Miistt .il litter tot Nathan (itittsclialk and iii-
tlti‘\litt Arid /\Iti\.‘ l\'opio\v's cosluttitis as
irsiial .rtt' )llsl right

A I tiritre Ilritrg fftllillt'fll'd (hi the Wily to
lllt' l ortrrrt ititis through April Ed and from
April 2‘) through May 1 (H (ill pin. 2 till prtt
our the With) (it: see why Rome fell atrti
\\l|\,‘ l lriiwtsity Theater soars

\irlfrt c it it. say that the movie is llit’ lit'sl
to t ttlltl' out this visit rtt nearly all regards
tloii'r l\llll\\' how Blake lllwi’tr'tfs is going to
top it. .rrid if he can't Hi Just have to fotgite
lIlItt Asltiirg anyone to top a movie like Mr»
Irir l'rtlot-iti is asking a lot. litrt reconririeti-
drirg it is one of lflt‘ easiest tlitrrgs itr lflt‘ world

rotto

l-rst try to lt'lllt‘lltltt'l tri lill’tllllt'

  
   
    
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
  

 

"Behind the Litres" while a skyfiill

    

Offering the only show of its kind in the

    

 

 

a thoroughly enjoyable and well coordinated
production Jackson is' exceptionally
taleiiteti at programming laser images i i
mow in strict lilllt' to the music. atrd if t, :1
hang around after the show. you cart
him to write your i..tiiie in laser light at to»
tlttI sky.

it is well worth .i. effort to btrrii a ride : i
take ('iil'A to tlii Schenectady Miisctiiti
l-’|.ttit-i.rritittt. Ntrii Ft-rrttce Heights. to Lilli it
one of the it remain rig presentations H‘liotts
are l'iitlay aiitl Saturday. 7:fi() and 8:
with an additit tliiil Saturday tiratinee at 3:30
Tickets. at $12 hit each. are first come. first
‘Sﬁl'VuLlﬂtl the door. . . . . t.)

 
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
      
 
   
 

 

Spin.

     
 
   
     

 

  

."'

 

. .
if'ﬁi

