    
 

 

,W

   

EDITORIAL

e

Just a spoonful of sugar . . .

anyone possible — including the victim‘s tltrg _ is
not wltat the story warrants.

 

death wish or perhaps just a change from the turnt-
drum of daily life. Probably it is best left to Freud,
bless his soul.

rather simple affair. You bring out in bed,

berated yourself for that last pitcher, tried to go
back to sleep, and took a pain killer to try to ease of
that throbbing sensation in your frontal lobes and the
qucazy sensation in your gut. .

T ime was when getting rid of a hangover was a

Questions do need to be raised. tt‘s atria/trig that

Few have taken greater notice of the misfortutte Ot’cr-th-Coumer drugs are Dilettgcd so they umbc

“puma. and“. er...  t «nt'iln‘»w'~<‘.tui'L- u»; ....r .r . stat:1..»r...;w...t.at.‘;,..t.s "4-4 a e  . ... . r 

" ‘" ' -v..-.‘§.?:‘."".’—"

 

 

 

 

speck-S

I October 8, 1982

 

 

Those days of simple innocence are over. Some
crazy person(s) in Chicago have made sure of that.
One of the most popular pain killers — Tylenol —-
has been cleared off the shelf of the American drtrg
store. Seven deaths have trrrned the aspirin substitute

into a drrtg more highly avoided than angel drtst.

Those wltite bottles with red labels are quickly fin-
ding their way from the nrcdicittc cltcst to the trash

he tp. Many people are evett decp-sixing six-month-
old half-used bottles irt fear that orte of the twelve
capsules left rattling itt the bottorrt will be the last
pain killer they‘ll ever rtecd to take.

In the meantime. it seems like ‘l’ylenol is \tell on
tlte way to clairttirtg tlte title as the nrrrnber orte
.-\merican ctmversation topic -— it’s a rtcck and ttcck
race with the wcatltcr. l’coples‘ obsession with strclt
misfortune is pretty strange. Maybe its some kind of

tltan the American media. True, some notice rs
helpful in getting people to throw out the deadly ltttle
capsules but a play by play of every small develop-
ment in the ease really isn’t necessary. Anytrrne you
tune into the news you can discover it is believed that
a second person is prrtting poison into the capsules or
even ltow a begrieved tnotlter acted at a vrctrm's
funeral.

it's a drama. a real life detective show. lts jrrst a
rtrattcr of time before they bring in Quincy to settle
the case for once and for all. l’crhaps sortie enterpris—
ing person will take it upon her or lrirrtself to begin
selling l'xtra—Strength l'ylcnol key chains and lamps.

the case of the tainted 'l'ylcnol reflects the way the
American corrrrrtercial media grabs on to a sensa-
tiottrtl story attd drags it ottt lot all it's worth. (‘er-
tainly. the fact that sc\crr people lra\c died bccattse
sorrrc era/.y is poisoning pills is big story. and it
deserves sortie serious attention. But interwicwing

so easily tampered with.

The national media should make a greater attempt
to reveal the practices that allow a single run ll) get
away with such a hideous crirrrc atrd thereby lead the
way to some meaningful reform that could tlslllilllf
save some lives at sortie future date. '

if the tnedia wasn't so obsessed with srttttttttttt arm.-
of the more morbid instincts of humans .tntt pm.”
the pockets of network exectrtivcs perhaps [her
could concentrate their abilities on lltc Illttlt,‘ t sump
aspects of the problctn. .

Until it” this is settled, however, rt. .ttuttr ,
tablet for that morning after. You can‘t he ttttt ,tm
about capsules.

One thing though ~— do you know tttrtt' tn that
beer you're drinking?

 

 

C

 

O a L U M

N

 

 

The feminists’ political game

Women of America‘s feminist rrrmcment are ac-
corrrplishing more than just rrctitrrrittg tltcrr personal and
political rights. these women are alienating tltc group of
men who really beliere itt the feminist tarrsc and also are
plaving tc same antiquated games the patriarclts or our

 

Robert Martiniano

lot a political movement to succeed irt our world, the
tuovemcnt needs to utili/e all available ctrctgy sources and
to have a broad base of acceptance. The Black movements
of the sisties failed because their leaders tapped so little of
the available energy offered to them. Many tronblacks were
excluded frotn the Black civil rights movement because
lllack leaders differentiated political atrd emotional sup-
port.

Feminists ot' the eighties are falling into a similar abyss.
By alienating men who would support attd would fight for
feminist causes, these crusading, feminists only succeed irr
limiting their own political effectiveness.

Feminists cry out, "How can turtles understand the emo-
tiortal and psychological effects of sexual harassment.
discrimination. and abuse that we go through?"

Men cannot emotionally and psychologically relate to the
problems American women face; this is self-evident. But
these women are confusing this inability to relate emo-
tionally and psychologically with the irtability to be
politically potertt.

Most, if not “all. of us have never experienced the
psychological and emotional affects of the Three Mile
island nuclear disaster; yet. we were not shunned aside by
the victims of TMl because a lack of experiences made its
politically impotent. Most. if not all, of its have never ex-
perienced the emotional and psychological affects of the
Vietnam War: yet, we are not shunned aside by Vietnam
veteran's groups which oppose wars because a lack of ex-
perience made us politically impotent.

One cannot confuse political support with emotional and
psychological support as the feminists are doing. The
former builds a better society: the latter builds a better in-
dividual able to contribute to a better society.

Men may not be able to relate emOtionally to the pro-
blems which women have experienced, but these men can
contribute to changing the future. Exclusion in this process
only limits the movetncnt and the movement's effec-
tivencss.

Now that we have shown why women should irrclrrdc
rrrerr in the feminist movement, men sltould ask themselves,
“Why should I as a male support a non-male oriented
political movement?" A deep sense of what is politically

and morally right or wrong? Hardly! An altruistic
philosophy toward life? Not likely!
Let us consider the muotrtrt of energy expended to op-

  

ptess another individual. One individual is trever free
s/he uses valuable cttergy to control another individual. A
great deal of energy atrd resource \\crc expended by planta-
tion owners to control their slaves. A great deal of energy
and resources were expended by the southern whites to
uphold .litn (,‘r'ow laws. A great deal of energy and
resources are expended by at male supervisor to sexually
control and harass his female subordinate.

licouomieally attd rationally this type of control lacks a
logical basis‘. When an individual uses valuable energy and
resources on one all-consuming project or purpose. other
projects urtd purposes become neglected. Redirecting this
energy to non-oprcssive activities only liberates all prtrlies
concerned.

Combining this redirected male energy with
nonalicnating female feminism. the feminist rnovcrncnl has
the power attd resources to force change. Without this com-
bination, the feminist tnovetnettt becomes jttst another
political movement destined for the junk yard.

(‘ombining this new found energy with this new found
acceptance. however, does little for the feminist rnovemcttt
if these people continually alteran to change society with
the same archaic patriarchal mechanisms which control it.

Feminists may chastise men and our male dominated
society; yet, these feminists play the games utilizing the

 

 

same destructive pn\\L‘r plays. and condorrt- .llttl -, ‘tr‘tt ‘t“
the satire violcrtce.

if we are to change our society and tlrt: \trl‘l' r' r' t-s'
society are based upon, we cannot lll\l|llllt‘ tw rtuttt
equitable . ' . using the same corrupted mi. ‘ tr
to alter. One cannot defeat the cttcltt) lt‘dtl.’ t‘. ‘t.
tactics without becoming one of tltertr.

Violence is a power play used irt otrr lll.lls : t t‘ I
wilClL‘l)’ to control. Women are prolit‘cratrrrt' tlrt . t  t tr
to their movement. Learn judo. learn ltttl.l't' t.. w“
your attacker. This increased violence on the “our :r ;‘.t“
may save her once. ltttt the next time this IlI.IlI t‘ t
woman, this tttatt \vill compensate for the prt-tt-tlrtrt' : -
violence with a corresponding increase itr \ll‘lL’l||,t’ it t tlrt-
next victim who suffers from thisincrcasc rtt \Ittir‘ll‘ t-

Wc all lose \vith trtt incr'ase in violence. \\t‘ lltktlllil'
“lush! up in the violettcc rather than irr lltc problem. the
violence supposedly should solve. Violence tttutttttm .1
perpetuating cycle.

Violence should never be an acceptable altt~ttt.ttt.v in
problem solving. Situations, however. have llllltlt' litli‘r‘llu‘
the only alternative left to utilize.

We need to understand the deficiencies in our rrt'lttlt-t'
tnovements before we can ittdrtcc changer lhe Ittrttltbl
movement is no exception.

.r
C
c
<

 

 

 

 

 

““r‘ri'v‘t-wtvk'rt o«'w-mr.»s,.sx. em... _

 

 

 
 
 
  
  
   
    
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
     
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
       
     
 

 

“tariff—En
n: ‘ s ,

  

7mm. .

