' .52?” sis-jeo- r1512?

 

m 400 méompm>

 

00
ﬂ

NmOH

 

 

 

History repeats the old conceit:
The glib replies the same defeats
Keep your ﬁnger on Important issues with
Crocodile tears and a pocketlul of tissues.

Elvis Costellor

lie usually gives you two choices.
Two choices at what? You might
add. Since this is an exercise in'

writing and not problem solving. i'll leave
the answer to your imagination.

Hubert—Kenneth Dickey 

 
  
 
 
 
 

 

 

This is the story of Tom Smith. Dick.
Harry and their seemingly endless list of
brothers always manage to attract the most
public attention I mean like everyone. like
everyone has heard of John Smith at one

   
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
    
 

many. many miseries without any cost.

Someone loves you and then you go on
expecting love. But the next moment he
hates you; then you are disturbed. not
because of his hate. but only because of
your expectation. He has changed. He is
alive. so he is bound to change. But if you
can see the reality as it is you will not be
disturbed, The one who was in love a ino-
ment before can be in hate a moment later.
but waltl One moment later he will be in
love again. So don't be in a hurry. Just be
patient.

in honor and dishonor; who is honored
and who is dishonored? You? Never! Only
that which is changing. and that yoti are
not. Someone honors you. If you take it

time or another. But be honest: when was

No. no. l'm not referlng to the English
teacher.

Perhaps I should tell you something
about Tom Snitth. then It might become
easier to understand the situation i am
speaking of. You see. Tom Smith is that
part of each and every one of us who have
things to share with ourselves and others
but somehow end up never expressing.

You can Imagine my surprise when one
morning i awoke to find myself looking
Tom Smith in the face. You know. like in
the mirror. is real eyeball to eyeball Interac-
tion. I felt like i was in one of those T.V.
things where this guy or this female type
person or maybe even some kids are wat-
chlng these little green men eating away at
the ring in the bathtub.

What do you say when you see
something like that? l was happy about one

 

thing. though. Tom Smth chose to be
silent. That's probably the only reason i
didn't shit in my pants or something. Most
of the time l'm for lacing life. but there has
to be a limit placed on everything,

Look at it this way: i cannot study you by
studying your parts Youare not )ust a total
of parts: you are more than that. When
you divide and cut and analyze. life rlisap»
pears; only dead parts are left. That is why
science will never be capable of knowing
what life is. and whatsoever is known
through science will be about death. It will
never be about life. Science may become
capable of manipulating life. of knowing
the parts. the dead parts. I may be capable
of manipulating life; but still. life is not
known. not even touched. Life remains
unknowable for science. By the very
method of its technology. its methodology.
by the very approach. life cannot be known
through it.

So. of course. if you look at life undif-
ferentiatedly and become part of it. in a

the last time you ever heard of Tom Smith?

 

deep participation; If you become one with
Existence as two lovers become one mat-
ter disappears. If you participate in Ex-
istence. it Is. Marx says that consciousness
is just a by—product. it is not substantial: it is
just a function of matter. if you divide life.
conscious tess disappears. becomes il-
lusory.

 

man again—Impossible! And because of
this fact. and because of our own ig-
norance of if. life becomes a misery:
because you go on expecting the other to
be the same. You marry a girl and you ex-
pect her to be the same. She cannot be
Unmarried. she was different; married she
is completely different. A lover is

Someone loves you and then you go on expecting love.

But the next moment he hates you; then you are

disturbed, not because of his hate, but only because

of your expectation

 

Existence is one. If you approach it
tlirotigli analysis. it appears material. dead.
If you approach it through participation. it
appears as life. as Divine. as con-
sciousness.

Hericlitus has said. "You cannot step
twice In the same river." The same can be
said about man: you cannot meet the same

something else. a husband is something
totally different. You cannot expect your
lover to meet you through your husband.
That is impossible. A lover is a lover; a hus-
band is a husband. The moment a lover
becomes a husband. everything has chang-
ed. But you go on expecting. That creates
misery. unnecessary misery. if we can

Fear And Trembling

es. It was out there. This feeling f
Y had. drifting past the barriers that

press on my psyche. My senses
were dealing with another dimension. a
new perspective from which to look back in
on this thing that is called the sell. (The last
line is an obligatory opening for an Aspects
piece. aside from being an accurate
description). Actually though. i figured if I
ever wrote anything for Aspects it would be
a cautionary piece about people taking
themselves too seriously.

Tony Trefzger

BE what 17min TETa'IltTSBaTutWiETeTaFTIi
certain kind of fear that was riiore
memorable as an interesting feeling than as
the usual creeping mediocre type everydin
kind of pussyfotiting fear that l‘m sure
some future essay in Aspects will point out
the dangers of. l'll wait for that one. no
tlUllbl.

The fear arose as a strange deep voice

 

yelled at me to wake up. i don't remember

 

  

being afraid of the stranger the voice
belonged to. but for that instant l was fear-
ful because I didn't know where or who i
was. My arms instinctively pulled the
sweater off from my head and i realized l
was in Washington Park and had just turn-
ed off my reading to lay about and think a
little.

The voice became apolgeitc. “Oh. l'se
thought you was one oi my boys." His face
was a familiar one I'd seen on countless
bodies in the parks and back streets of any
city. He didn't quite look like Henry Fonda
iii the last scene of The Grapes ol Wrath.

 

but his beard was scruffy enough. "You
know. i know all the boys around the park.
you know." i nodded. i wanted to be back
where l was a minute ago. but l'm patient,

“Shit. you know. i shouldn't even be
here rlglit now. i was gonna go. you know.
I've been in this park for 15 years you know
and l was gonna get fifty dollars and go
away. you know. get a new chance. maybe
if I could get to a detox center. you know."
As he started to explain his face began to
flash in and out of different clartties that
were shadows of familiar and important
faces in riiy life. My mind was iryirig to

 

 

that he is honoring you. you will be in dif-
ficulty. He honors a particular riiariilestir
tlon in you. not you, How can he know
you? You don't even know yourself. llt-
honors a particular manifestation; he
honors something which has come into
your changing personality. You are kind.
loving: he honors it. But this kindness and
this love are just on the periphery. Others
come in contact riot with you. but with
your manifestation.

Remember this, they are not honoring
and dishonorlrig you. They cannot do
either because they don't know you; they
cannot know you. if even you are not
aware of yourself. how can they be? They
have their own formulas. they have their
theories. they have their measurements
and criteria. They have their touchstoiies
and they say. “if a man is such and such we
will honor him. and if a man is such and
such we will dishonor him." So they act ac-
cording to their criteria and you are never
near their touchstones—only your
manifestations are.

They can call you a sinner one day and a
saint another. They can call you a saint to-
day, and the next day they may go against

you. stone you to death. What is happen-

ing? They come is contact with your
periphery. They never come in contact
with you. Remember this. that whatever
they are saying it is not about you. You re-
riiain beyond; you remain outside. Their
condemnations. their appreciations.
whatever they do is not really concerned
with you. just your manifestations in time

As you can see Tom Smith is rtni for
everyone to see or touch or feel. l'le re-
mains beyond our reach. only appeartrig at
rare moments. only to disappear the next
moment. Tom Smith wherever you are.
come on back and visit sometime. you
hear. And that is the way it is day after day
after day after day after day after day after
day. after day. l_|

understand where it had come frorii during
the effort be made to be understood. "You
know. those people don't give a shit. you
know. but how can they know. they've
never been in the other guy's shoes. This
guy in Schenectady — he rips me off! I ain’t
got nothin. but 1'" tell you what" - a new '
harsh expression i don't think to seen
before dealt with the energy on his face. as
he also dealt with the twist off cap of sortie
cheap wine. "That shit's gonna come
straight back on him. pal . . . you know
what l'm sayin."

if i didn‘t believe what he meant his
finger sure did. with a sharp. emphatic
energy that pointed out bad news to that
food stamp dealer's karma all the way to
Schenectady and beyond.

But i wanted to talk of fear here. The
fear I felt when lwas out there and abruptly
brought back. l thought i was back in the
same Washington park i had laid down in.
but it didn't take too much reflection after-
ward to realize that the park where I gave
that guy thirty-five cents wasn't the satire

. park that he received it. lIl

 

 

 

ui "she insisted tuildly."hotu
can you simply forget everything
that has happened between
how can you erase all the moments
‘ i ‘ 'ue shared together?"
he thought the day would blossom lttli)
urliy. She was scattered in an almost
r lberately chaotic manner. lieverishly
.- riing from one place to another. the full
e of her own being consumed her.
"9 ebbie Millman
re wen- no eyes she could not look rrito
‘ morning. there were riiysterious and
ikeii encounters which presented
' selves. looks subtle and cool as she
' if each particular phase of passing.
‘1 (1 so her perception went. [hit her
plcxity was not entirely evident —-riow
I , 'riiiment was; criiiiptitllilr: wrtli ‘. go»
‘ V .e sorrow. She bumped into him by
'h‘ eni—- running with her rolled tip.
‘ * ‘ted canvases. (lfet exploitation was
lplete in its simplicity), liair blowing iti
théhlarni. October breeze. sunglasses pots
bn her face. books lining her arms.
' ly she called otii his narne.i’vicr.
Pete and he turned around
. [finally he seemed happy to see her
'  had passed since they liatl shared
lhgli'l days together. the winter death of
Blﬂl‘i‘tlty had burned itself otit. though a
black veil siill sirigctl his soul and haunted
hmu.
Her eyes were bright. she was blushing
He gazed at her. vanity tn sorrow; an igno-
' ble desire filled with weakness and dignity.
Another titne he would have reached out
and touched her. She would have been
convinced she was in love. But it had been
a long time since they had seen each other
I .and an even longer time since they could
' share a smile.
I H Momentarily. he was eager. (She missed

alled

UNYA is college for the shopping
mall generation.

 
 
 
  
  
  

2... C

 

.

 

 
 

maeg..gr‘r”""""“

at's the second most brilliant thing I
_ thought about shopping malls.
t ‘Cl'iarles Kurali killed the first. in a
" dqéumentary aired August 4 entitled “After
(Dream Comes True." i joined the other
people nation-wide who watched the
rig only because i thought it would pro-
ne me with a forum for presenting my
hopping Mall as Suburbia's Village
1 en" theorem. through a daring. multi-
ﬂ .‘ered letter-to-tlie producer which would
"’b Kuralt's attention and thrust me onto
'riext documentary.

  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  

0

filter the first 20 iiiinutes of “After the
Want . . ." l was already blocking out the
i it N
ening segment of College Over
‘ levers: How the l'lt'll Do They Do it?".

 

 O O

 

 

him). He imagined himself a great mart
discovering her for the first time. observing
her unroll her canvas. watching the
details of her slightest movements. perceiv-
ing her excitement as she showed him
something of herself. llt' wanted to see
her.

She laid the canvas on the ground in
front of the library if was very large and at-
tracted a lot of attention She looked at him

in question.

“What do you think?"

lie paused a few moments before
answering.

"You're style is changing—l see some of
your old technique. but you've
developed."He spoke softly."lt's pretty
good."

She looked at liiin——and in the silent
lapse. she felt a door slam and the wind

Walker. and Jodie Foster. Kuralt had
visited the Overland Park Mall near Kansas
City for his report. which featured a lot of
shots of glassy-eyed Kansans waltzing past
potted plants and Muzak. Said Kurali. "If
you want to find America today. here is
where you look " lie was making Down o/
the Dead seem like a great idea.

 ‘ Brief Love Story

recognize the fact that minds go on moving ,
and changing continuously. we will escape

knocked out of her; she felt as if she had
been kicked in the stomach. She knew it
was over. she knew he didn't care

anymore. she knew there was nothing left.
Their eyes met and in the screeching
sunlight she saw defeat etched in the lines
around his eyes She renierribered looking
up into them many months ago. lying
under him in the stiiall. dark room they
shared She shook when she thought of his

  
  
  
  
    

body touching hers. He looked down. She
spoke.
"What's up?"
“Nothing "
She liestiiated briefly. but plunged ahead.
"Peter."
He looked at her.
"Why is this happening to us—what‘s
wrong. why is there no warmth between
us? You act as if you've forgotten me. as

drugstore is gone. as is the old way of life.
Malls are suburbia's attempt to recreate that
fabled city neighborhood."

Bye bye fame, Bye Bye "ngltllltte."
There goes “Live at Five." not to mention
"l’.M. Magazine." By the end of the show.
Kuralt wasn't professing any great love for
malls—only for the destroying the careers

lsuppose all this is a prelude to my
“SUN YA as college for the mall

generation” dictum

 

 

By doing so. the fool had played right
trio my hands. I grew up in malls. and had
long ago prepared tlicI (lL’fL’iiSL’ which
would soon be crossing the desk of sonic
ABC exec. “Are we happy among the poi~
ted plants and Muzak?" asked Kuralt. “of
cortisol" I cried aloud. "Downtowns aren't
being killed by riialls. btit being replaced!

of college seniors. who in ten years will quit
their jobs writing copy for cereal boxes._will
take tip rliivuig a crib. and will be killed by a
to retreatc the fabled city neighborhood!"

Kurtilt cleared his throat "Yes. we're
happy. Downtowns have been killed by
suburbia. not shopping malls The corner
outpatient who hall a history of spraying

Peninva
though i never existed. God damn it. we've
'shared so much. now you have simply
'erased me out of your life~l want to be
your friend—i still care about you so
much——l—-l love you -plehse talk to
mewiell me how you are ~please~ —-"
He was quiet a few moments before he
spoke.
"it's better for me this way —l'itl

happier."

"Don‘t you Lttft.’ about iiii: .iiiyriioro'
Don't you have my feelings?"

He didn't answer She felt as if this were
the most desperate moment of her life. Slit:
had no preparation for this" llil’ Sct'ttilligly
recognizable man standing in front of her
'was dead in a (Sullipli’ltiliL‘SS of death that
gave it its definition. She was caught and
:pushed Hill) the future The fooliin beauty
once bound to the days she knew this for e
lit front of her were now obscure and out of
.iout'li Yet she was responsible for this
:dtsappuartiiti'e littt there was nothing left
She looked down at her

she longed to reach out

she could do
clenched liatirh
to him to rii-iktl llllll understand. to have
htrn believe lit'l She looked into his eyes.
SliL' ftfll ilictr soft intensity and felt as if she
were erasing .i part of her life. Suddenly
she was non t'xistttnl. lth' was transient.
life UpllL’illl‘Iitl There was no plat]! to hide
They weirI (inlet 1! few riioriieiits before
he started to walk away lie never
answered her He walked to the library.
She silently begged liirii to turn around. to
face her, He didn't. She sat down on the
bench by her painting What the hell was it
for anyway? Mertin dappliiig at rniriiortalt-
ty, What a farce. She sat there quietly for a
few moments and searched the horizon for
familiarity There was none. Her eyes pass~
ed over the library. Through the second
floor window. he stood. watching her. She
looked up at him. their eyes locked. Then
he pulled away and slowly walked into the
distance. far. far away. l3

bullets about whenever fainted Love

came on the radio

i suppose all this is prelude to my
"SUNYA as college for the mall
generation" dictum. which l'm rushing to
print before Morley Safer shows up in his
llCliClit'titil Think about it: The 1()-odd'
buildings all under a single roof. connected
by the tiiinosplicrically-conirolled tunnels.
Girls move about under the weiglii of Max
Factor foundation. pursued by boys in blue
jeans and "Crimson Tide" t-sliirts. in the
background is heard the chiming of
“Somewhere My Love" and "Never on
Sunday." while the ubiquitous fountain
bubbles in the iiiitidle, Coirld Edward
Durell Stone have been planning one eas-
ing the transition between the University
and Sunrise Mall?

The notion is a fascinating one. doubly
‘so since I Stilll it first. if this thing catches
on. I'll whip up a trade paperback and liii
the talk show circuit, Me and Herschel
whipping up a souffle with Gary Collins

fiat your heart out. Chuck Kiiralt! l l

 

Darkness fragmented by the round street lamp.
Sleep, a strumpet so enticing,
lured him from my arms.

 

 

The Mighty Quinn

oc

—iOO cannot-omit

  

\O
a

mace—-

 

 

 

 

 

 

