 

s .._--,.-._..-_. Jame-new... W .

.a .4 -.......-u.._.-m-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

GOING TO COLLEGE? I ,
SAVE YOUR TIME AND YOUR MONEY. . .

because if you don‘t. you won't be there longll For
the first time, students and graduates. and even
dropouts have collaborated on a project aimed
directly at making your college career a successful
one.

‘ WHAT DO YOU NEED?

You need to know how to read. You also need to
know how to take advantage of others' experience.

More importantly. you need enough money and time'

to achieve your goal. Before you can succeed in
your chosen career you must succeed In college. If
you are not In college to become successful. you
don't need to read any further.

50% OF STUDENTS WILL FAIL . . .

to graduate from the college that they entered.
That's rightli Fully half of all entering students do
not graduate. That is a national average. Why?
Some of you don't belong In college. However. most
of these dropouts simply either can't afford to
continue or they can't organize their time. If your
time isn‘t organized. your college life will be
miserable!

 

If someone had given me this informalion in
school I would not have had lo qtlll / was
broke and discouraged fhis book could have
saved me in college

H K H

Cleveland. Ohio

 

SCHOLARSHIPS 8: FINANCIAL AID . . .
are getting harder and harder to obtain. The original
golfege survival Guide. tells you how and where

to look. There Is still aid available if you know how
to go about getting it.

WHAT'S TO LOSE?

Absolutely nothing. Thats right, not one thing. If for
am reason. you return your book within ten days
undamaged. your money will be fully refunded. No
questions. no strings. you will get your money back.
it's that simple.

 

I could have saved a small fortune in college
wilh this book. lsuie as  - - am now

A D Law Student

Venture. Californla

 

 

 

WHAT'S TO GAIN?

Ihsgrlelnal .leleee.§uryival Guide. tells you how
to save yotir’tlme and your money. You can save
20% or more on your current food costs with lust a
little effort and know-how. it does more than that.
Your book tells you how to deal effectively with the
administration. YOu will learn what to beware of in
losses and how to get out of them if you have to. it
even tells you how to make money at college!

YOU PAID MORE . . .

lust to apply to college. They didn't give you a
money back guarantee either. Shouldn‘t you be
willing to pay less to find out how to get through
college then you did to get In?

 

I woulan be successful lorlny I/ I liririn‘l
succeeded Ill college This book WOultl have
made If .1 lol easrer on my wallet and my imnrl
Ilia iriforiiialion iii [his book is worth hundreds of
dollars to any student

0 L ‘J Molorniannagr-r

fortune 200 Corpoialioii

Moulor Ohio

5100 CASH IN ONE DAYII

Several methods described in this book can net you
this much and moral! No tricks and no gimmicks.
These methods have been tried and proven by other
students. You have the motivation and Intelligence
or you wouldn't be In college. The OriginaIpOiiege
Survlvglgplde. gives you the secrets. You supply
the effort.

FREE ROOM AND BOARDII

That's right. free. Many students pay no money for
their room and board. No. they don't live at home.
You could do it too. if you knew how. Remember. if
you are not satisfied with The Original College
Survival Guide. for any reason, you get your money
back. What do you have to lose?

ROTTEN ROOMMATES a BAD PROF'S.

You should avoid both. You can if you know how.
You will earn how to find out who the bad teachers
and lousy roommates are before you get them, not
after. Moreover. you will learn what it takes to be a
good roommate.

APARTMENT OR HOUSE?
Or should you live in the dorm or perhaps at home?
Your book gives you the trade-offs to consider. . NAME

 

 

 

NOT IN ANY STORE . . .
will you find this book. Order today. This offer will
expire in two weeks and may not be repeated.

ABSOLUTE MONEY BACK GUARANTEE

 

MAIL TO: VILLAGE PRODUCTIONS COMPANY
P. 0. BOX 301
PERRY. OHIO 44081

ENCLOSE CHECK OR MONEY ORDER

NO C.O.D.'s
Original College Survival Guide(s) ((058.65
each (Ohio res. $9.13 each)

PLEASE PRINT NEATLY

IN EIGHT WEEKS. . .

You can be two months poorer or many years wiser.
The decision is yours. The years Of experience
contalned in The..0t!emal,§9!lses .Syrylval Guide.

Aaoniss

have never been presented In such a complete and . v a” » r SWE A ~ z“,

to read fashion before.
easy . allow 4-8 weeks delivery

‘3’ copyright 1982 Village Productions CO.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

E

Thursday, Oct. 7 5:300 pm
Campus Center Rm. 373 -
All Welcome

WELCOME BACK!

STUDENT
SPECIALS!

—NO COUPONS NECESSARY-—
MONDAY MADNESS!

Buy 1 large pine—get a 12" plua with'the same number of toppings

i
FREE
WONDERFUL WEDNESDAY

Free
Delivery

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mom/E today...

PEACE PROJECT
GENERAL MEETING

Thursday 10/7
7:30 FA 126

\_...Or Radioactive

4/

 

tomorrow as“

Student Discount Night

All large pizzas are the same price as our smalls.
16inch 12cut $4.15 8L $4.95 with your favorite topping.

FABULOUS FRIDAY

FREE pepperoni or double cheese on any pizza ordered
from 10 P.M.~2 A.M.

WE WANT YOUR BUSINE 88!!

 

 

 

30 MINUTE SERVICE!
Delivery to your room until 1 1 P.M.

456-3333

Open 4 P.M.~1A.M. Sunday-Thursday.4 P.M.-2 AM. Friday & Saturday.
‘(Sorry No Coupons On These Offers)

 

 

 

 

‘ mt .=. s It'”

I

. . wmummawweumum- nun»: ant-u Msnm u-aeuwdwﬁshmc'di‘atsri h _ *1;"'sitiawittmuuwvuztuiw “wimtmlim

..-........ .. . _m.«mu&r  5w --

- Striding into the future

 

AAAA‘

 

<Back Page

fourth in the 600-mctcr dash. Stern. atten-
ding William and Mary Law School, ﬁnish-
cd second In the BOO-meter run. The Hill-
Smyth-Stcrn-Bloomcr 4x440 relay team
nabbed bronze. Bloomer-Stcrn-Dunn-Erma
Gcorgc took sixth in thc 4x880 rcitty, whilc
Hill grabbed sixth in the 200-mctcr dash,
and Smyth crossed tltc finish line fourth in
thc 50-mctcr hurdles.

In the indoor scttson's final cvcnt,
Albany finishcd wcll. Bloomer ttgain placed
in thc 600-mctcr race, but improved on her
NYSAIAW performance and finished sc-
cond in the ISAIAW. Stcrn raced to a
fourth placc finsih in the 800 tttctcr and
I-Ii|l-BIooincr-Stcrn~Dann cnjoycd u sixth
placc finish in the distance mcdlcy rclzty.

A team that only months cttrlicr were 0-8
was now placing highly in regional competi-
tiort. Evcryonc clsc fclt that thcy had gonc
its for as thcy could go. But Wltitc and his
troupes saw lhcir \IICL‘L‘SS its only a tcmn
which bcgttn to show sonic polcittittl.

“I I'clt lhttt Iiloomcr could bc nit Alla
Amcrican." I‘II‘IIISL‘tl Smyth. Now lltc lcttm
was itot orin having it good tintc lII WT's.
but wcrc also being succcssi'nl whcn lItcy
run. Wltitc Wits beginning to scc lhc fruits
of his clforls. ’I‘hc Icain that lhrcw ltint ti
birthday party after knowing him for two
wccks “its scciitg lhc birth of what would
bccotnc Albany's most sticccxst‘ul scnson iit
ll womctt's pt'ogt'tlttt.

Going into thc outdoor scttson, lhc
cincrgcncc of .1 truly ct'cdiblc rcItty Icmn was
prcscttt. IIiIl-SmytIi-Stcrn—llloomcr wct'c
dcvcloping rapidly in thc 4x400-mctcr rchty.
Stern and Bloomcr wcrc running
phcnomcitrtlly. Tltc womcn wcrc ready to
conqttcr the world. But in the opening event
of tile spring much, they couldn't cvcn
conqucr Iirockport. lirockport spoilcd the
Danes outdoor debut and once again
Albany was winlcss. But the women would
not stay winlcss for long or Iosc ngttin as
they recorded six straight victories cn rotttc
to a 6-l season. "The outdoor scason was

SPEHKEBS FOBUM
MEETING
WEDNESDHY 7pm

Bro 370 (5(5

    
 

our breakthrough," cxprcsscd White.

The 6~I record could be called a highlight
of the season, but it could not top what was
to come starting in the NYSAIAW.

The relay team that was emerging could
not possibly climb any higher when they
finished first in their cvcnt, the 4x400-mctcr
relay. Bloomer. Stcrn. Hill. and Smyth httd
rcuchcd what every track athlctc strivos for;
gold medals. Thc womcn ulhlctcs would not
stop at that cvcnt and piaccd high in other
events. Bloomer placed fourth in thc
400-mctcr dash, Stcrn finished third in thc
BOO-meter run. I-IIII clocked in fifth in lltc
ZOO-meter dash. and Dunn. who iit cvcry
rncc ran a faster time limit itt her previous
It).000-tnctcr run. finished fourth.

Dunn is possibly tltc cpitomc of this truck
tcnm. She was recruited whilc walking
around lhc gym. She didn’t place in her
first few rttccs. now holds tltc Albany Stntc
rccord for thc It),()t)f)-iitctcr run, and ttl-
lllblllch (‘ottch Wltitc I'or Itcr HIICCL‘SS.

“Conch Whilc works with you its your
pccr. I|c wants you to improvc ttnd you
want to itnprovc. Without him I wouldn't
bc Itcrc." acknowlcdgcd Dunn.

DIIIIII and tltc t'oui tcltty rttitncis wcic not
l'ittishcd for thc I982 outdoor truck scion".
Al tltc I-IAIAW's tttcy again found
llIcIIIscchh in coittpctitioii for hip humus.
Illoomct' iinprchd llL'I' Ncw York SllIlL'
400-tnclcr pcrl'orninttcc by finishing sccoitd.
Stcrn colnplclcd thc lititl-nictci ill" in
fourth plrtcc. IIill fittisltctl fifth iit thc
ZOO-meter dash. whilc Drum l'inishcd
scvcttih itt thc lt).t)t)()-ntctcr run.

It was thcn on to lltc final event of tltc
Will-$2 womcn's 'lrttck program — lltc
AIAW‘s or simply tltc Nationals. White's
team. which started out 0-8 ttow had four
runnch qualified to compete at
Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania.

In the first cvcnt an Albany runner com-
pctcd in, thc 400-mctcr dash. something
that had never happened in any Dunc
women's snort occurrcd; Kim Bloomer

  

 

OCTOBER 5, I 982 U A LBA N Y STUDENT PRESS S
ports .17 .

crossed the tape in 58.72 good for a second
place finish and, much more importantly,
All-American status.

In the BOO-meter final. Suc Stcrn did not
leave Bloomsburg empty-handed. She also
became an All-American, ﬁnishing sixth
with a time of 2:l8.$8. Thc 4x400 relay
team with the now familiar names Hill.
Smyth, Stern. and Bloomer barely missed
earning All-American status finishing
seventh and just out of the money.

Interestingly. that team was so psyched
tip the night preceding the relay final that
they were sccn running through the streets
of Bloomsburg passing thc baton. "I was at
it conchcs' social when I heard about thcsc
crazy girls running around town. I quickly

rcalizcd that the girls on the move were my ‘

girls," rclatcd Whitc.

The women’s truck program is also on
the move. Wltitc is vcry pleased about the
progress the team has made. For this year’s
team Whitc had an opportunity to rccruit (a
word he hittcs to mic) and had twicc as
funny girls turn out for the cross-country
SL‘HSI)".

The team is presently very young and
White is dedicated “to build the program to
a respectable Image." He would also like to
see his entire team qualify for national com-
petitions. The close feeling between the run-
ners and White was pointed out by all as a
contributing factor to success. The runners

praise White for the team's march to’

respectability and White credits the run-
ncrs. In any event the ﬁnal result is what
counts and no one Inside the program or
out would have ever considered in
September that two Albany women would
be crowned All-American in May.
Patience by all involved, especially the
coach. to wait for results rclievcd pressure
on tltc runners. Eventually White's pro-
gram worked and the rest snowballed.
Whitc found it easy to relate to his female
runnch and the favor was returned with
Dann expressing her thoughts on her coach
vcry concisely: “He is the best coach I ever
had." The best dcscrvcs the best and Conch
Ron White‘s future as women’s track and
ficld coach only promises more and more
bright triumphs. I l

 

 
 
 

 

football game.

Great Dane Fan of the Week

  
 
 
  


rarity

". " L AMA: ,
Cc-rcsidcnlial assistants Eric Lopez and Lopez explained that attending a Dane
Karcn Stichl of TEN BROECK on Dutch game is one way his dorm gets together for
Quad have closed their dorm‘s front door a good time. To all those not in attendance
on student apathy. Lopez was chosen as at Albany's I7-7 victory Lopez had these
this year's first Great Dane Fan of the words of inspiration: “We don't sit In our
chi? as a result of the banner his group dorm rooms — why should you'll"

displayed at Saturday's Albany-Union

 

 

c a,

     

 

-—Mark Ocsncr

 
 

 

   
   

THE CLASH

 

'I‘HE CLASH

October 9

THE CLASH

Sale Good Thru Saturday,

 

 

 

HOLLY 
IIEAII M

In concert

Sat., Oct. 9 8PM
N.Y.

Page Hall Albany

TICKETS:
$6.00 in adv.
$7.00 at the door

Ticket. Outlets
Alban

Boulevard Books

Hilton Music, 900 Central
Sec. 221 Central

PAC. SUNY-Aibany
Troy

Hilton Music, 13 3rd St.
Schenectady
Eartth Delights
Saratoga

Montana Books, Broadway

THE SOCIAL ACTION CENTER l SUNYA PEACE PROJECT

   

Free Childcare Info outlast-4037
III") for Hearing Impaired: TTY ran-1min

HOLLY NEAR
SPEED OF LIGHT

 
   
  

. t H
‘1"“1‘M‘JK

 
 

 

  

/

 

 

 

COMBAT

 

 

Record Town Still Offers A Wide
Selection Of 8-Track Tapes In All
Musical Categories!

Pick Up A WPYX T-Shlrt While
You're Therel

ROCK

CUM BAT “OCH

COMBAT ROCK

The Hard-Rocking Sounds of the

$5.99

Clash‘s Combat Flock, Just

 

8.98 Series
LP & Cassette

  

v

 

 

 

 

 

 

~ . «Max

 
 

 

