 

nn doc mdnmum

Nﬂiﬂ"

‘A—‘—._.~.._._..L'< .

_ mmnw .. .-

 

1. 1'. rook—‘5. ‘

i l
i

ew York Is. of course. New York.

N whiclt means everything and ab-
. solutely nothing at the same time.
For some. New York is the subway. chang-
ing at Grand Central and Union Square to
the scent of urine and souviaki on l4th
street. For others. New York is a Rodgers
and Hart tune serertading a ride in a
checker cab down Park Avertue
culminating with a tinny crescendo at the
Helmsley Building. I try to savour every
visual image of New York so that i can
retrieve the information front nty memory
concerning what is. at present. the greatest
city in the world. Savour. because before
the century is out. New York will lay in
ruins. Those monster apartment buildings
on Fifth Avenue. buttressing the park. will
dematerialtze. The domtrto fortresses
across from Radio City on tire Avenue of
Americas will have toppled_.w

Bob O’Brian

ddeASPS inﬁamercy Park won't
need their keys to sit on select benches to
feed select pidgeons. The Puerto Ricans
will be hawking food on Avenue A. irtstead
of pot- "bread. rice." will be the cry. Tire
homosexuals will have fled the West
Village for Provincetowrt and Times
Square will be lit up with a glow tltat neon
arid nuclear radiation only suggest.

“How will this happen?" the skeptics
asks irr tiriison First. to look at the
precedents Egypt was overrun by Alex-
ander. Rome was sacked by the bar-
bariarts. Constantinople fell to the Turks.
Napoleort levelled Vienna. arid itt titrs cert-
tury. London was bombed arid Paris oc»
cupled. None of this was supposedto hap-
pen irnagtrie telling the staid residents of
Westminster or St .lohrt's Wood in l‘)2.’r or
even l‘XiS that titeir great city was goittg to
be decimated by flying machines imagine
breaking the news to Picasso or Stravinsky
that the City of Light would be home to
crude Nazi thugs for a few years. Sitting iii
a tree in'the Metropolitan Art Museum
complex. i looked at the girls ill berets try-
irtg on jewelry tltat the portly old woittati
was selling. Twu clarirtetists blew
dissoriarttly on their reeds. An old blues-
liarp player jammed with a rhythm box A
ritirne performed brilliantly. captivating his
audience with mute. pregnant scenarios
Sitting in the tree was relaxing. but disarrn~
ing as well because then a dark suspicrort
which had been haunting me for some time
atrophied into a cortvictiort New York had
survived several stock market runs. two
world wars. and gangland slayings. but it
had survrvedlt was inevitable. Nobody ltad
taken New York in the past. but then
Moscow hadn't been taken since 1917 arid
that was internal and . . that was it! it
came to me like a hot shot of carnomiie.
New York is going to be taken frorn the in-
side.

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

 

 

  

Vii. w York Bef

All the while. as our government con- '
ttnues to stockpile nuclear weapons to fight
a foe that does‘t exist. the greatest. biggest. .
ricitest city in the United States is being
conquered from the inside. Don't look to
the Soviet Union for an adversary. They're
not about to devastate their greatest ally in
the war to oppress the peoples of the
world. How our respective heads of state
can contiunue to rhetorically flail each
other up and down is a mystery to me. The
U5. and the U.S.S.R. are the same thing.
Both uncharted frontier lands. borne out of
"revolutions". botlr emancipated their serf-
slaves In the early l860's. both beset with l
burgeoning labor movements that were
bought off by New Deals and Five Year
Plans. both still caught up in their crusades
to recapture the Holy Land. Our military
won‘t be the villains. There'll be no coup
d'etat. an if there is. it'll be purely
theatrical. Why would the generals wartt to I
"take over" a government that surrenders
most of its money and services to the
trtiiitary already? Meanwhile. our presi-
dent. our leader itasrt't an inkling of the
truth. Ronald Reagan hasn't the slightest
idea of what's going on. if he did. he
wouldn't ltave been elected president. He
wouldn't ltave even been nominated.

Don't expect the press to itave the
answer. The press is no better than the
government whose flame it fans. imbued
as we are with a Woodwardsand-Bernstein
notion oi Journalistic heroism. it may come

With hand on heart, we pledge our allegiance and then

sit down in one of the most sterile environments
conceivable, never to hear about Einstein and

magic or Lewis Carroll as he should have been taught. '

o.~~...vu._.r.-~--~. .‘u-»_.--.o.u.

“Reagan Administration" in print. with its
emphasis on "balartctrtg the budget." The
budget. as it is. cannot be balanced and it
never will be. The budget is a chimera of
the first order whose menacing shadow
foams over the socioeconomic landscape.
The budget is utterly meaningless except as
a testimony to the ttalvete of those who
believe in it. The budget concept is similar.
to art extertt. to the gold standard. That iii

"3

 

as a shock to find out that the press is as
vrle aitd corrupted as the political system it
supposes to scrutinize. Take. for example.
the New York Times. arguably the rttost
respected newspaper itt Amercian or the
world. Each day. the front page is full of
photographic images oi state leaders irt
transit froin meeting to meeting trumpeting
their concern for world peace. These
leaders are no more interested in world
peace than a. 5qu is iii the Amercian
League box scores if they were. they'd tell
us straight out that they represent concerns
that are solely interested in aggrandizmg
enough power and prestige to intimidate.
wrangle. and exact money front the poor
peoples of the worldYet. the New York
Times continues to give exposure to these
and other clowns and to capitalize the

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
   

' tist. But why sltouldrt't this be the case?

 

l982 there are elected representatives who
harden for a return to the gold standard is
truly extraordinary. A return to the gold
standard cart only benefit those who have
vast amounts of gold. Budget fights con~
cerrt only those who are privy to the spoils
of government.

Unfortunately. our universities will be of
little help iii the upcoming war. The World
around. no student can compete with the
Arnercian student for ignorance. For close
rttiridedrtess. For ethnocerttricity. in all the
literature courses i've ever taken or cott-
sidered. Henry Miller was not taught itt one
of them. Jorge Luis Borges is read only iri ‘
Spanish. As far as i know. Buckminster
Fuller's name is not mentioned on campus
as a philosopher. inventor. poet. or scien-

Students are so opiated by television and
video games that they scarcely notice that
their world is an illusion. The one element
maybe more pathetic than the irivoious
Jordache clique is the protest cor'ttingent.
Pathetic because these socially conscious
kids will either disband to take jobs on
Madison Avenue or regroup to picket the
White House which has no concern what-
soever for their views. What chance have
any of these kids anyway. when everyday
of their lives for approximately twelve years
they were compelled by law to participate
‘ in one of the most‘absurd rituals ever con-
trived? The pledge to the flag. With hand
on heart. we pledge our allegiance and
then sit down in one of the most sterile en.
vironrnents conceivable. never to hear
about Einstein and magic. or Lewis Carroll
as he should have been taught. Music class
brings up the names of posers like Aaron
Copland never to cite Duke Ellington.
Charles Mingus or Thelonious Monk as
great American composersit amazes me
4 that people haven't caught on yet. Mer<
curial fluctuations on Wall Street ostensibly
'. indicate a resurgence of the "economy"
' when. lit fact. the market will crash again.

     
  

Things happen in threes. The only ques-
tion is as to the nature of the war. it will
either be the most devastating of all time or
the most subtle. Possibly both. The
Romans sent the Creek slaves. the British
sent the lrish. and the Americans ltave
always sent the niggers to fight its wars. it
goes beyond irijustlce. it's the way things
are. But this time it’ll be different The war
will be fought for the minds of the triggers.
And the Puerto Ricans arid the whites arid
the babies and everyone else. The booty
will be survival. The Jesus freaks will con-
front the Zionists rigltt irt Washington
Square Park. The Moonies will face off
with the supply-skiers on the Bowery arid
the Hare Krishna will bivouac on the Great
Lawn. The war will begin or end just as the
world realizes that differences in religious
conviction are absurd and futile. it will ltap»
pen when all the straphangers. all the street
people. the hookers. the speculators. the
wheelers. the dealers. the boot blacks. the
promoters. arid simply. everyone stops
dead in their tracks. .lust stops And looks.
Manhattan. their Brooklyn. Queens.
Staten islatid. and even the Bronx will be lit
the throes of a great epiphany. They will
start writing on the walls. making love irt
the streets. Doing St. Vitus (latices on the 1:
train. lttstantatteouiy. each aitd every New
Yorker will become an artist. That's what
will happen all over the world. too. Only irt
New York. it'll be the most dramatic. The
show rttust go on.

it won't be long before Flushing hard
ltats will reciting litres front Shelley. St.
Mark's hookers will be iasltiottirtg great
sculptures otrt of cheap fabric. Even grim~
faced vegetarians frorn Cooper-Union will
be smiling so much that their cheekbones
will ache. italian grandmothers will be tapp-
irtg the ground with hockey sticks on
Mulberry Street. Discrimination Won't be
eliminated or even disdained. People Will
becotne more discriminating in how they
run their lives. There'll be no insurance
policies. no welfare. no bread litres. no art
galleries. The idea. today. of a World of ar-
tists strikes us as absurditnagine everyone
on earth running to a publisher. or an
agent and discussing advance sales. No
more. New York will emerge as one vast
exhibition; old men in raincoats and all
Jackie Onassis. Gloria Vanderbilt and
Diane von i-‘urstenburg villi be flushed out
of their penthouses artd either run to the
Hamptorts or on the streets. There'll be no
room for people still on gold and diamond
standards. Rock 'n roll stars will swagger
arid be laughed at or tolerated with quiet
amusement

All of this will happen. however, not
with some sacrifice. Things will be be had
for a while. Especially in New York. But it
is going to happen. New Yorkers may not
have the patience to refrain from violence.
Those skyscrapers will eltlter be razed or
occupied by hungry families. in twenty
years. New York as we know it will be no
more. Then the world will go about con-
verting itself back to a garden of infinite

 

I followed by another war very soon after.

  

resource. Li

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This world is upside down. the rtght's
and the wrong’s don't get much wronger.

Mistakes found in the past turn into
rules protecting power.

it's falling down. it weighs a lot so you
should not depend on it.

Sugar and Stress.

The English Beat
hen is it time to take charge of
your life? Before or after so-
meone or something else does?

No need to answer. There's no real hurry
you have all the time in the world to
decide. Why trouble youself with such egg-
headed nonsense? Survival doesn't require
that ou think does it?

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

________-__.———————
l'm not in a position to say what is right
but i do know what is wrong. Life is too Im-

 

about everything and nothing to interfere in
our lives.

People are tired of srttall groups of
assholes telling them what is and isn't the
correct way to live out their lives. Sure.
somebody ltas to make up the rules. but
the rules that are ntade up should more ac-
curately reflect the lifestyles that people are
faced with today. Someone itas filled idiots
minds with the horse manure that they are
the true guardians of society. They and ort-
ly they cart possibly be the vanguard for so
we're told). it's high time all of the “liberal
pussy foutittg goodie two shoes" were told
where and when to get off.

idon't recall. ever. giviirg my life over to
those who comprise this “liberal” cesspool
of ideology. Nevertheless more arid more
each day the lives of individuals are subject
to the whims of sopiiontoric mindsets

Therefore. one must dissociate froitt
people or things that constitute the
plausibility structure of the past arid
develop a new one. For those around you
who do not share your new frame of
reference. changing your accepted
categories of meaning arid sources of
authority will certainly seem a clear loss of
rationality.

Contemporary society is the product of a
deliberate. sinister and highly sophisticated

here's been much hue and cry late

I iy about rape and its cohort. sexual

abuse. and our feminist rhetori-

cians have tended to cast the battle along
rather harsh male vs. female litres.

One woman carried a sign reading
"Take it Off! Take it All Off!" at last month's
“Take Back the Night" rally against rape.
Site was also brandishing a pair of garden
shears to insure that the message was
HEEMJL‘E £19.11?! £21 not-L

Jonathan Miles

 ivei'e later  'fo ltavb
riis‘avowed such a threat. but perhaps oiin
because it was too explicit .tit articulation of
the underlying mentality.

Sexual abuse, however. is not a fight of
women against men; women .trtd men col-
laborate iii creating the circumstances iii
which it thrives. Generally speaking. men
reward Women with attention for sexually
provocative dress and behavior. and
women reward men with provucation for
their attentions. (There is an implicit
assumption here that men artd women ac-
tually have different sex roles. which
feminists probably would reject).

Sexual attractions. then. is the great
organizing law around which men and
women organize a great deal of their rela-
tionships with each other. This is not to say
that it governs the entire gamut of human
interaction. but initially. its importance can-
not be questioned. Consider the stock
assertion "Well. at first his/her looks at-
tracted me, but now it's different."

‘The problems arise when a male.

 

portant a struggle to allow arm chair experts

 

 

.- c.— ..... . .ﬁ....,.....‘.-..met-o~nm——. Mn... .

' plot to take over the minds and souls of
young people and turn them into "robots."
The young of this society do not engage in
this so called rational discussion. But they
do use the Jargon and advance the
ideology of the larger group. The young
people of this society surround themselves
with fellow group members - so that they
never hear anything that might shake their
way of looking at the world.

   
 
  
 
  

Humans ltave remained sychically and
socially nomadic. Our idea ized images oi
ourselves emotionally are fixated upon law
and reason. We seem unable to face life
head on. so we develop a series of Contv
plex contractual relationships. These rela»
tionsltips forrtt a facade. whereby personal
interrelationships by word and gesture con»
stantly reinforce our supposed superiority.

Our understanding fails. because we
tend to block out the facts arid really don't
know or admit to ourselves who we are.
People live under the shadow of fear. l-‘ear
they realize that they are not powerful
enough. Frauds. libels. ntisrtomers and in»
consistencies help forirt the basis of this cor-
rupt. ertslavirtg pimp mentality. Survival is

through either ignorance or lack of inhibi-
tion or seli»control. violates the unwritten
rules of this rttating game. The rules are not
always clear. however. What may very
often ire the desired male respbnse to one
woman is abusive to another. or overtures
from a desirable ntale may be acceptable
while art undesirable's would be rejected.
Or perhaps today's harassment would be
acceptable a week later. after enough social
pleasantrles had been exchanged to allow
for the pretense of decency.

Even in those severe cases in which the
aberrancy clearly lies wih the male. it must
be said that the mass of sexual stimuli sur-
rounding him are somewhat responsible.
This much is inferred In police comments

 

 

Sugar AndStress '

based upon strategies to further exploita-
tion and oppression. The struggle for
freedom is lost to the need to remain "pro-
sperous and safe."

Everyone fights wars inside themselves.
First. the war of adolescent battling into
adulthood. Then a war against men
and/or women. And whether they know it
or not a war against the confines imposed
by the Establishment. At present. the

  

distracting loyalties. affections aitd interests
of the "system." diverts the (‘itrenry frotrr
their owtt best interests

We must come to understand what it is

that wr- desirc. i~'or every desire is
botidagcl liven if you desire (iod. it is .t
bondage: even if you desire Liberation it is
a bondage. Arid Liberation cannot happen
unless this desiring goes away totally. So.
remember. you cannot desire Liberation
That is impossible; that is contradictory
You can become desireluss. aird then
Liberation happens.

Desire means that right now you are not
okay: you are not at ease. This very trio-
rrtertt you are itot at ease with yourself. and
something else iii the future. if fulfilled. will

An Outside View

   
 
  
   
     

such as "this young man obviously has a

problem relating iii a’ campus

environment."

Some of the ntore ardent feminist Vestal

Virgins might argue against the observation

that women seek to stimulate men. and

they may be correct when speaking for
themselves. They must recognize. though.
that most of their sisters are a different
breed and are not focusing their attentions
on the destruction of the elitist male sexist ’
pi

gs.
Another problem with the current

.femlnist perspective lies in its desire to strip
'defendants oi their rlgltts. The emotions
peaked at the "Take Back the Night" rally
when a speaker took the microphone to
announce with outrage that Christopher

T I. I future.

  
 

 

bring you peace.The fulfillment is always in
‘ the future; it is never here and now. The
tension of the mind for the future is desire.
Desire means you are not in the present
moment. and all that there is. is the present
moment. You are somewhere in the future
and the future is not. it never will be: it
never has been. All that is. is always. is the
present —- this moment.

Desire leads into the future. into fantasy.
dreaming. That is why so much insistence
i must be placed upon non-desire: because
only in non-desire can one move into reali-
ty. With desire you move Into dreams.The
future is a dream. and when you project In-
to the future you are going to be frustrated.
You are destroying reality right now for
‘ future dreams. and this habit of the mind
will remain with you. it is being strengthen-
ed every day. So when your future comes
i it will Corrie in the forrn of the present. and
your mind will again move to some other
future. Even if you could reach God. you
will not be satisfied The way you are. It is
impossible Even iii the presence of the
Divine. you will have moved away iiito the

Your mind is always moving into the

l -< .
- 7 future lltrs rttovemeni of the mind iii the

‘ future is desire Desire is not concerned
with arty object. with whether you desire
sex or you desire meditation it makes no
difference. llesiiing is the tltlrig that you
desire it means you are not ltt.'iI.' it means
you are ttot lit the real moment .tt’trl the
present moment is the only door ‘nto fix»
istenrr' The past and tin. fttltttt’ are not
doors they are walls

So I cannot call any tlt'Sllt' spiritual
llt'Sii’t’ as such is worldly l)t_’5llt.’ is the
world There is no spiritual desire. tltercI
jttsl cannot be [until a thing

So try to understand lllt‘ lsay that every
desire is worldly in't'attsu desire is the
world So if is itot a question of changing
the desire. it is not a question of changing
subjet is it is a question of a titutatiort. of a
revolution frorn desire to non-desire: from
desire to non-desire. not front old desires
to new desires. from worldly desire to
otherworldly desires. from material desires
to spiritual desires «— no! From desire to
noirdesir'cI is the revolution!

 

Zenner. on trial for the beating death of a
young woittatt. possibly sexually related.
had been found innocent No one cared
that there was a very questionable case
against Zenner. he was guilty until proven
ittttin‘cttl.

Similarly. sonnI seem to feel that proper
tape laws would allow for conviction based
_ott the woman's word iii any situation. e.g
our celebrated campus assault which took
|place behind a locked door between
former friends. Allowing a woman to throw
arty male behind bars at the drop of a word
with no furtltur evidence is clearly not corti-
:patiblc with our justice system. however.
These arguments are not an attempt to
3place with sly innuendo tln.‘ sexual abuse
on fontair's rather titan males. The point is

' .tltat tlte'blame does not break down along

'male/iernaie boundaries as those obsessed
with such a dichotomy would proclaim.
Tire blame must be shared by us all as
members of a society whose sexual instinct
is inflamed without restraint. Sexual abuse
should be classified along with abortion
and sexuallytransmitted diseases as just
another til we are willing to suffer in the ex-
ercise of otir collective lust.

The end of sexual abuse will not come
when the male trait of the population is
behind bars. The end of abortion will not
come when it is outlawed. The end of
‘ sexually-transmitted diseases will not come
with the invention of a new drug. The end
:to these evils will come when people stop
trying to fill their empty lives with a surge of
sexual adrenalin. and seek satisfaction
without side effects. satisfaction of a per-
manent nature.

 

3'

RN doc odahvo>

unrat-

 

 

