 

s

 

   

314‘: .-'-. atom...’

\

h

,* x.pmmm"~"“

r

  

page 6/March 23. 1282

 NickT e Nice.

ednesday evening. J.B. Scotts: a
' makeshift dressing room holds
several friends of the Nick Lowe
band. a tray full of Price Chopper fruits and
vegetables, a dried out chunck of Provolone
and a hunk‘of Ble'u Cheese. and a bottle of
warm red wine. Lowe answers questions
good-naturedly and politely for those who
ventured into his pungent quarters. talking
and Joktng with false interest but aware that
such mingling is part of his Job. I mention
that his innovative bass playing was one of
the highlights of a RockaIe performance at
Belmont Park several years earlier. but he
says that reverting to rhythm guitar is simpler
and that simpler ls better. I lnqutred as to
why he had chosen Albany for his only club
appearance in the United States. He says
that It was nice to play somewhere where
they‘re more sensitive. but he made clear
that Albany was no different than any other
place, that audiences are “all the same."

r Matt Reiss

Lowe hit the stage about 11:00 that night.
strapped on an electric guitar and opened
with "Pet You and' Hold You" from the
Seconds of Pleasure LP. taking the crowd's
mind off bottled beer and onto the stage. “I
Love the Sound of Breaking Glass," one of
Lowe's most profitable singles followed. with
Martin Belmont providing some heavy
handed leads to complement T.W. Dunne's

 

bubbling bassline. Lowe told the crowd to

’ Java Jive

mp ' n
The Daily Grind
200 Lark Street. 434-1482

Mon-Sat 10am-6pm
Sunday “hm-4pm

f. as you ascend the stairs of 200

I Lark Street. you have any doubts at

to whether or not you have found

the Daily Grind. your nose will tell you: the
luscious aroma of fresh coffee cannot be

 

 

Carol Newhouse

While locating the store is a simple task..
describing it is not. A coffee shop? No. you
can also find interesting teas. assorted
goodies and kitchen equipment. A specialty
food boutique? Absolutely not: it isn't snob-
btsh enough.

Well then, take it in a little at a time.
Chances are. the first thing you'll see is the
wall of coffee bean dispensers. each with its
own identifying card. Not only will you find
beans interesting in their own right. but also

 

 

 

 

Block Party

[acclaim In Rolling Stone Magazine.

to attend these free concerts.

-'I'lie Polish Plioe'rilx, a

 

 

 

"Stlck It Where the Sun Don't Shine." the
philosophical line and title of one ofthe cat-
chlest songs on his latest release. Nick the
Knife. and Introduced Paul Carrack on the
keyboards. Carrack sang “Always Better
With You” and “ l Jmpted." filling the former
Greenstamp outlet, with more AM at-
mosphere than a punk rocker could
stomach. while Lowe played some sharpen-
ed chords. from the vicinity of his slight beer
belly.

“Marie Provost" was followed by a version
of "Cruel to be Kind" which satisfied most of
the pop music enthusiasts. but Belmont's
very interesting reverb leads illustrated the
band's inferiority to a Dave Edmunds led
Rockptle. Edmundsspltt up with long time
collaborater Lowe after a poor and

' uninteresting. first and last official Rockplle

release. “They Called It Rock." from Lowe's
first album. illustrated Lowe's apparent
disinterest with the work of critics. as I learn-
ed in his dressing room. "Lesson in Love
showcased Lowe and C'arrack harmonizing.
with Belmbnt aping up anddown with an
Elvis Costello look on his face and an equally
stiff attitude on his leads.

Lowe walled “Switchboard Susan" with its
heavy metal overtones as Belmont swatted
out some heavy handed versions of Ed-
mund's leads. “Crackln' Up" got the Isles
moving; featuring dual leads from Nick and
Martin. Lowe sang of pulling his hair out by
the root and other berserk tendencies before
going Into a song he wrote for Iidmunds

some. such as cinnamon. Dutch chocolate.
and Amaretto. which show the stamp of
human imagination. Sidie a bit to your right
and you will find several types of decaf-
feinated coffe beans. a real treat for those
who fear they are limited to the bland iii-
slants.

Edging past drip pots. coffe grinders and

Collmm o4

other related paraphernalia. make a small
circle toward the other wall. Here. rows of
glass jars give the air of an apothecary shop.
Drab at first glance. the labels reveal the
amazing variety of black and green teas as
well as products for herbal infusions. You'll
See more familiar items such as Irish
breakfast tea and rose hips next to the less

v

This film about Polish history and culture is
sponsored by the International Studies
Council and the College of Humanities and
Fine Arts. Admission Is Free.

Taps

"SUNYA Footworks." the annual dance
concert produced. choreographed. and per-
formed 'by students and faculty dance

Rory Block fans can meet him at the teachers. will be staged Friday and Saturday.
Albany Public Library at 3 pm on Sunday. March 26 and 27. at 8:00 pm In the Main
March 28. when he will QIVe a free perfor~ Theater of the university's Performing Arts
mance and autograph party. A question and Center. “SUNYA Footworks" is a colorful
,answer period will be hosted by Peggy Apple review of many dance myles. Tickets are
'of 0-104 and copies of Block's latest album. $4.50 general public.
lHIgh Heeled Blues. which was given high citizen/student ID and $3.00er SUNYAtax

$3.50 senior

card holders. For further information. con-
tact the Unlversity Performing Arts Center at

1 Two famous university choruses will give 457-8606,

free public concerts in the Recital Hall of the

'Performing Arts Center. On Friday March Colliornl- Dreaming
'26. at 8 pm the University of Nebraska
.Singets perform and on Sunday. March 28. Edward J. Moore. is the next production of
'the Cornell University Chorus will present Its the University Theater. Tuesday. Magi] 23
ensemble. also at 8 pm. The public is invited through Saturday. March 27 at 8:00 pm In

“The Sea Horse." 2: serio-comic play by

the Studio Theater of the University at
Albany's Performing Arts Center. “The Sea

15-minute. 3 Horse"'ls an in depth study of the lives and
screen multt-lmage slide presentation will be the relationship of two lonely people in a
shown tonight. March 23 at it pm In LC 23. northern Californian seaport bar. The pro-

 

  

 

 

  
 

 

several years earlier called "I Knew the Bride
When she Used to Rock and Roll." The text
tells of a Rockin' and Rollln' young lady who
gives up her fun to marry some guy with "a
real good job" intent on a conservative, quiet
and affluent life. Edmunds made the Mo
chord. two minute number a classic. Lowc
could not.

They concluded with Lowe's first single.
“Heart of the City." which was Well done
and very lively. “Peace. Love and
Understanding" followed as an encore. willi
Belmont taking off and playing leads that lit‘
liiitl been saving up since the beginning of

common apricot and coconut

By this point. especially if you look lost.
someone might ask you for help Be warn-
ed: that person is actually helpful and (aura/e
ing to say) knowledgeable. Do you want col
fee ground to suit your own coffee maker'.
Have questions on storage or preparation?
Ask Want to be left alony to browse? Fine.

1.
(OF '

—~

i

 

L

no pressure.

In just this way you meet one of llit'
owners. Lee Cohen. l'lis enthusiasm and
pride in the products explain how the whole
store “comes together." While the [ii’illiili‘y
purpose is selling coffee. the shop also pro
vides various treats meant for the serious
adult palate. Everything here meets Cohen's

duction was directed by Paul lidwards. a
Graduate student from near-by Cliatliani.
New York and designed totally by students
at the State University of New York at
Albany. Ticket prices for the production are
$3.00 general admission and $200 for
SUNYA students with II). For further infor-
mation contact the University Performing
Arts Center at 457-8606.

Mint: Words

Renowned poet Ruth Finer Mintz will read
her work on Monday. March 22. from 2-3
pm. in the Humanities Lounge. third floor of
the Humanities Building. at the State Unvier-
sity of New York at Albany. The reading is
sponsored by the Departments of English
and Judaic Studies. The public is Invited; ad‘
mission is free.

Proud to Be A Union Man

On Friday. March 26, at 7 pm. there will
be a free showing of the feature-length
movie. The Organizer. Starring Marcello
Mastrotannl. the film depicts the early strug-
gles of the Italian labor movement The
Organizer is sponsored by the Albany
Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee
and will occur in Room lilil. Draper H

I all. on
t it: downtown campus.

The Ramones will be appearing at J.B, Scott's on Thursday night In an attempt in mm
the hearing afAlbany residents. The band is coming ofla hit performance in Bttf/alo A "m.
mal (obulously not the correct adjective in thls case) Ramones concert usually consists of
about thirty rapid-[Ire tunes with almost enough time in between to exhale. l/ you'iw nun),
seen them belore, there exists a serious void in your musical inventory.

 

 

the show.

Realizing that any post-show ()ttt‘slttltts
were being answered with siniplistit tillt'
liners that were intended to bc tun lii\‘lill to
be written down. l reached into lit\.' ling tit
Pulitzer oriented Inquiries. like “How. tints
Reagtinomlcs and the declining liliililiitrtl iii
come level in lllt‘ Untied Status ultm i ii min
stiles " He said something about lil‘ittln.‘ i.
log a good boy. and a positiw i lliilI‘ii litrtt.
Ilioso liinp-wi‘iiitud lefties Still liilllitiii tu-
nt'wswortliy matter. 1 lli‘fl llli' li.iii. will -
l’iici- (‘lioppc’i baniiiiti. (lliililit'il iiii liw
(Eliot-w and the warm \Ullli‘. riilil iitli

dufiiiitiim of ii "gourmet" [ilUtlllil ii. . i.
all natural foods which Cttllililt‘ltti'li‘ hi
other. In some items you can U.i~il‘. m:
this yourself. Check the Silver l'iililln  .-
oii the conserves and mustards and i. I
all of the ingredients are PTOHUUIIM ili- .i'i:
recognizable. Few packaged grinds luv uui
test these days

On some items, such as the coli’u.‘ in‘rtlh
themselves. this is not so obvniiis 'Iiii‘ illl
lcrencv between Daily (irind's coffin .iiiii
other's. says Cohen. is llir‘il it is llli‘ Int J illil
freshest available The L‘ttlfi't.‘ put Hill .t lllt
shop today was roasted and shipme w-
clay a not always the case With ‘iiin
roasted" coffee beans in gioi-uiv it! iiwiiiet
meiit stores This becomes L'Vt'tl titliti v:
poitant when out- recalls that llt‘NlIlL‘ I“
Cliflt‘L‘ has a life of about thirty (hits I! 
really likiI coffee. that is worth ii tun Iii-iii

  

 

cents per pound.

If you liiin‘ ever L'iilliplt'li’tl .i iii
momoi'iililc iliiuiei w lit' it Iiiisini ‘w
or nun'aroiii .ind chi-use W with Iii i.

 

coffee and ttiit' or tWo iiiic chocolate-
will understand the candy displni. I' w
step closer. please. This small glnsm iiv’ um

Iaius some t-itsquisitc examples til iliw will
I

of llein'l. (itiltlht'lilit‘ltlt'i. it fiillllill't
CliiiCllltlllt‘l' in New York (3in /\t in Hill”
a quarter pound and ii L‘tililili' of liuuiii-‘t‘
calories each. they're not cheap Aim
think a hiin quality chocolate iiiu~t limit Iii-.i
ii flower or a walnut or a bird of piiitidiw iii
elsewhere: Goldsclmeider pares titllil tirivli
to the essentials here and proves llls ilii‘ lll|'
finest. You did study hard for mid ii-iiin and
do reserve a reward. don't you? You miitl
they) are worth every cent.

By now. you're thinking you can't pi IN
afford to enter The Daily (iriud, liilltll lt'“
sample its wares. Well. this story dot». how A
happy ending. First. turn niouiid born the
chocolate case and you will sec ii sill” “”
nounclng beverages available for mtll' l"ll""
0f the day for $.50 or hot t'litll'ltltll"'
espresso. cappuccino oi liitii‘liiit’liiii” fut
$.75. It's all very informal (SHIN illt"'“‘
cups): comfortable and tasty. Next. you it”)
purchase as litlle as a quarter of ii l’”“'"' "'
coffee or tea. For only a couplt' of tlilllill‘M
this is a terrilfic way to L’Xpl'llllii'ltl .ind alill
pay the phone bill.

Now. pay at the i'i'gisti-i. liilti’
package home. riilfl liicw it up ('Hlli'” ""l
(ly lii‘rir. lthtillt: book, and itii'lﬁltlil illell
and truly enjoy Wlitll The [truly l lilltil lid 1
offer

‘i rim

lily

uiiiii llllli‘

 

w"‘>“.w -«a..- .. -.

 

he General

flashes on the screen before every

_ NewsCenter Six program is unob-

trusive-enough to the average viewer. After

all. we are long used to having a multi-
national corporation in our backyard.

Electric logo that

Steve Gosset

The logo must loom large for the news
brass at Channel 6 who are aware that such
a brand of management thrives on the
number one. Fortunately. they are holding
on to that distinction. edging out Channel
10's turgid Action News (see last issue) by a
few hairs. even though they have pulled out
all the stops to blow them out of the water.

There's a catchy new theme and opening
sequence. all sorts of high-tech gadgets
brought in to put some life Into Tint Welcli's
weather reports and. most glaringly. some
soft-lens commercials that make. lid. finite
and the gang look like Journalistic (lt'llll'S and
your best friend at the same time.

But take away the gloss and you llil\‘l‘
basically the same cursory treatment of the
day's nch. smothered by layers of mushy
features that are also the scourge of Action
Nt'it's.

lid Hague and lirnie 'l'cti‘ault are .‘i
gens-rally Itkeable anchor team. no flash but
no lt‘illlllii either. The fact that they strut llil'
news. rather than themselves, keeps things
iiiriviiig nlong at a brisk Pitt‘i'

l'i'ti’niilt is (I lt’iil ti‘oupi-i iii Allhiliil lll'\\l\
biz. liii\‘iiig i‘liii'ki'd wini- Zitl yi'.iis ill tiliiiii

 

in'l ii ('iiiiststi'in’y lt‘tiils to ll‘llitlllllli.‘ i.\‘liit li
II*~lliill\l lc.nl- to .i lIIl of pt-iipli- w..iti ltiilll '.|Ill
l'liiit fiiiiiiiiln litis piiiil till lllf t'll,’ fill lt‘lllitlll

l.il litiguc iiiiiiiw fii.iu iiiin ti of lllt' ~..iiiic
iiuvlrl. li'ltlllllll tii fill‘viilit‘ \K‘llll.‘ i'xi'liiiiiui» Itii

‘lii hunt in ii'.iiiiini llit‘ iivius lltt‘ l‘t'lllll‘»t'il

 

.‘t .iii~ti'ii' i'x]iii’~~.i<iii It“ in» tin. ii-iimni»

   

Nothing ,News. .

the saihe whether the story Is about a double
homicide or a giant panda, It is assuring in a
strange way.

The routine news coverage Is at best func
tional on Channel 0. no better or worse than
their counterparts. All of them rush through
an event. no matter how.large or small. on
the false pretense that they can tell you
everything about a story in 90 seconds. Of
course this Is something not unique to
Albany. But since many TV reporters run the
gamut of fair to middling. the superflciality Is
more obvious.

The greatest strength of Nr-ursCeriter Six Is
their special reports. Of particular note was a
series by Jocelyn Warfield on the ravages of
unemployment and a week-long report from
Judy Sa'nders on women alcoholics. Both
were poignant without over-draniatizing

their subjects, Frequently they verged on the
borders of network quality.

The program has also been toying more as
of late with iii-studio interviews and live
icpoits to give ii sense of depth in their
coverage So ll“ it has worked when the sulr
)ch wiiiiiiiits it. litil when they «'ilt' trying to
pass llit‘ lililt' away. which is Slitlitlriltl
operating |)lt)tt‘(lllit‘ on Nt'tt‘SCi'tilt‘t' Six

()n'iin .iyi-iiigc six o'clock Il'ptill. litigui'
rllitl 'l'i'tiiiull rue flesh out of real news in
about “i minuti-s illitl rIIt' Ii‘tllll'l‘ll to uiiiwv
status Soon it's tinn- tii \i‘liiiioii/i' (i hit with
Tim Wi'lrli. wlirisi' illilliltili’lt to Illt' \Vt'rllllt‘i
i.iii host ht' Nlliiiltit‘tl tip .is iiisuffi'i'rilili'

l..iti'i int it's spirits illii.’ Yoff (stir k to "Al."
Yolf) l.onil\.iii|o‘~ Iliili Ill-'s unmitlv iiiipinii
t'tl sun i' lllN ilt'lilll ltist liill. .ililiotiiili llt' still
llii‘. liiilllilt' fiiiiliiiti tln~ i‘iiiiiwin that“. Hit in
lii' t-spiviti'il, iliotnili llitllt .i lililiit‘i liitlllt
lilitlt

\VlitiFs lt'll 't in .\'t'll'\f 'i'iiti'i .\i\ ‘.i Iii i not

it'll tlii‘ lllli'i ititlniiil .i 'iitili'illlil ii‘- llii".'.

 

 

 

come at you fast and furious-Ont of the
most grating is something called Thursday's
Child. in which the plight of a disadvantaged
youngster is highlighted. Liz Bishop. who Is
inane as often as she is engaging. talked to
one girl recently about Sunday school.

"What's your favorite hymn?" Bishop
chirped. “Jesus Loves Me" was the reply. to
which Bishop then breathlesst asked.
“Think he does?" The )ournalistic part of me
started to wheeze. Sentimental sweeteners
like this belong on drecklike PM Magazine.
not a program that purports to be a serious
newscast.

One of the more shoddy ways that
NeuIchntt-r Six wiles away Its time Is by
resurrecting old news. When State Coinp~

'troller Ned Regan said In February that he

wouldn't Issue scrip if the budget was iiot
passed on time. it was given only a quick
mention despite its many implications. prrr

 

brilin because it had broke in llit' [iiilil'lh Ilit'
iliiy ln'foii'

Usually llll' liillillliil is of a mom titiililioiiiil
viiiiutv including hllilil‘h .ibout tltiulth Illtill
iug II tlillit'li service, .i series on lhlltllil'h‘r.
lllt‘ illillill‘iilll'll c-iiiimly til l'rilll l liitvr-y .iinl
tlSMHli’ll iii'iwink disiiiids l'lll‘V i'.\ist to fill
tip spin l' iilltl iiiilliiug t'lht'

Willi only .i lltllf'lllll'l to wriik wrili. llII‘It‘
is llllt' llilllli ltil \lli li liiiltll‘l on [It Nt‘ll'h lt
wiiulil in first \l‘i'lll lllilf with li's's iinn-. Iii
Norm. wuiil-l l‘i‘ liki' llil' \vt-iikling till the
Inuit li. iil\\'.itr~i iii'tltiiii \iltttl ltii'ki'il iii lll“ fiu l'
lllili't'll ilnrt‘ llri\'l' fll‘ii ill||| till llllitl pltii |‘

Hill mli'li lit, \‘lllili‘ of its lt'llfllll. l.'i' Ni'ii's
If it'«.
lII‘uiillll||'\ \.'t-II Willil Lou iiiiiilit rl‘1\\’i'llilt‘l If

is lllt’ llt“~l illl‘i| III'\‘.‘inl‘1l to width

ii\t‘i \titli m. ‘rtittll .i~. pus-.ilili‘ iiiln‘iii‘i-m it
\ciiiilil lii‘ lilillllli'v‘ in ~.I.ii/ titiii'il

llll l.')' i\l'lt‘- it'liviili'is .nw so hit |-.iiiii lli

distinction. so devoid In creativity when do- .

'ing a story. It Is as If they are crying out to be

Ignored.

One 13 trademark is an interminany long
shot of the reporter listening or taking notes.
Everyone has them. but not at the annoying-
ly epic lengths of 13 News. Do they think
that our day won't be fulfilled unless we get
to stare at Chris Kapostasy? Such devices
only cover up flimsy reportage.

ll it at times seems that the 13 crew is
simply going through the motions as quickly
as possible. it can be partially explained by
understafftng. which translates into cranking
out two stories a day. However those who
are only saddled with one assignment. tend
io settle for a strictly routine presentation.
Already the excuses have run out.

TV news Is at its most gripping. Its most
wondrous. when it is able to transcend all
other media. when what we have to know
now is there in front of us. Could we have
been as moved by the hostages return or a
space shuttle liftoff if we simply only read
about it the next day? 13 News takes this emv
phasis on the visual to the opposite extreme.
iiot leaving well enough glone. A story about
problems with the Albany Hilton's affirmative
action liirtng does not need umpteen shots
of hotel rooms. Nor was it necessary to send
Wilson llall out to .ruport‘. on a gaping
pothole. Wc wvic able to gaze ill it as if a
meteor had suddenly fallen on Shaker
Road. >

Back in the studio. things are slightly
tiliovc pin Niiiii'y (‘o/i-iin does her job
lt'lilliVi'ly smoothly. except when making a
stab iil spontaneity. Wlilt'll she Is an utter
failure at Still ﬁlm projects an uthan cool.
amid the iiiaity buuipkiiis iiIi lliL‘ Albany air-
waves. llci stx o'clock co~anclioi. Craig
Alexander. hires lit‘llifl out in tlic fit-Id.
although .i SlittI’littii‘ of boyiin good looks at
(‘liiiiiin'l l3 will keep Iiini lill'lly much strap-
pi'tl down to lliﬂrﬁflliiliu

lint what giiibs iiii- lllt' most on 13 News
l‘lt'slili'ﬁ Hob Mi‘Niiiiinpi's twri~tonc hair. is
't‘rnlrl (ii-iiss' \Uitilflit‘t lli- iiislivs tlirriugli
lllttNl‘ ('iilil fittIIIH illltl coastal storms with
almost iIII iiignsiiiii i'subi'iiuit'i' ll iiluui‘ii
iiiiiki's llli' “It‘iillii'l liilt‘it'HllIlil

Nu lllillli‘l \r'lint iliiililit‘l you watch.
i‘linin i's .iii- i/iiii rlll' lit-iiig ill‘firlllilUtl If you
lllll'llii .i iiwtyspnppi fin .i 'l'\’ iil'W‘. Nllliul so
Ullli t iIll with It tlnl i' riilil ini lit] hl'\\’illi'. yiiii

.ii-- Itii‘~\lllli illtt‘il iii tln‘ |liiliiili'

Truth, Justice The American Way

't.‘ the i'lll! til I flil'i' flflt‘tll."‘v \i'
toinl Iiiitilllt lll'II Illiililit’l litiiu .ill
.f\lli\'ttiiit‘tl tilll My lll‘ililililti‘

developed when liiili \’.in l'itlli'lt l\‘litl
Sicigi'i oinl si'vriiil others [)ll'li'litlt'tl lit hi-
iiiixinbi'rs of iiiiiniiity gioups who low
Aiiicllcii even though ll "Isn't working for
them " (Van l‘attt-n went on to explain that
America woiks. not for Blacks in liisprinics
til gays. btit for Americans lit‘ lillll'il
lit)Wt'\’L‘i to make llii‘ distinction
Wlit’ii Jane Fonda (‘iiiiit' out waving ti, llil'
crowd saying that she always respected .lohn
Wtiyiii'. Iran to the phone and tried to find
out how to emigrate to .i foreign country.
pii'fi'itililv titit' \ylii'ii' wtiiiii‘llillitl like this

deal )

 

wouldn't l'l' ‘vllti\\'li
_______._

Mark Rossier

Sunday's two litilli i'xtiiiviniiiii/ii mi». sup
posed in he Ntillllitll Inn's iiiiswi'i to llli‘
Moiiil Mtitiiiity lll' \yns going to shun. Jerry
Falwell rillil fiii'inls llirtl llit' lt'll i.iii lw ]lI~l .is
piiiiid illlll [Irilllitlli ll“ lllt‘ iiglit liisii‘nd llt‘
t'llill’tl tip lilllk'lllll tli.it l.‘.llli i‘llitlllllt llilit‘
lilitllll/ illltl Irilt'lll ltt' liili itllllil -.iiik to
l'iilwi'll's li-wl of L.iinplisui «oiidt'siiviiiliiig

Illflllrlllrllliltl Mirii' iiiipiiitiiiitlt.t l l.tilli'
Llflt‘lfi' ﬁlliIH‘t‘tl llllil iiiviiibi'is of Ilit'
Alilt‘lli iIII li‘fl iiil' llitlli' than willing to

siii’iifiit' Ilil‘lt dignity IiI oitli'i to It‘lliilll lost
ptillllttll iiiiiuiid l'lni -.iii'it.iilt' this not .i
t'ii‘n' of fighting llit' wiili llii

l.t'i|i s iliildtsli ilii lit‘iigi' to .i game of "can

.t was iuyiult.‘

you top this?"
It \mtilil llt’ crist.‘ in tin llililiillll tln slimy

 

   

/\iiil flti'll Ilii‘it".'s Niiiiii: l\'oi'iiiiiii f.i‘llt is trying to iiirili

  

 

t’ patriotisrii re. )('(‘f(if‘ll(' lor

llli‘ i\t'lt' I.i'lf.

‘ilfL’lf'li by ski‘ti‘li illitl point out every Uflt‘ll
our rtginnik, ill iivi'i‘hlriwu iii‘stuii' oi glossed
Ii\li‘i liliilill‘lil. but I tliitil: lit flit“ tri‘itl iiiiv
lt'lilllll’uilili' Ulli'lt‘.|‘.t‘ Illtiliii'lil ‘i[)i'rtl-‘.H fui lltl‘
\(‘lltilt' A young \“titilrili Will] i i’lt‘lliiil point;
it] llt'rlli‘tl 4m stiigi -lioitly iilli'l ilu' "iiiilniiity
iiiipi' si‘ssiini " Slut sitiil sln- Wm, it'pii'wli
ting llit‘ "Augiy l)|“fil7li'tl" tiliillllilt‘lil (I'm
not slilt’ If they iitiiiltly ii‘ /\llli’lit ruin In; \‘k'rili
l'iillt in Hill iiii wt 'uiti \lii iii. If pint I'f'lll'il
in my iilitl I till) quoting iliiei:tly. "l loving
ci'ii'liitil ptil'iy lhli'l tlitit llrill l'iii giant of tons
iiig Hiilfiil“ I'm ii good dancer and I don't
i’\.‘t‘|t Ili‘i‘tl iiiusir Let's be honest wuulilii't
L‘\‘i’lyi)|ii' lll'Lt’ to have their own ti'lutliou'z'

Wi' lllii' disabled) worked hard to win the
tight to bc Slr'iii’fl at "

Iiiiiing this «punch the audiuiii'v laughed
and Llit‘t‘IUtl llI‘l (II). as they (lid t’Vi’tytlliU.
illitl li-lt ])tllli(l lllvll they lived llt ii country
llltil let 'ililiii'illlt.’ liki: lit‘l on TV Of course.
no tilll‘ was going to do anything for her. but
they all full w.iiiii llt‘vitlt‘ because in America
Hltt’ was. able to spunk ftil lieiscll.

The rest of the program continued in'u
siinilnily liit)iiill:ill(.' way. Action, it was Ini-
plicil. is not necessary because in Aiiiciicii.
lillitl of the free and home of the brave.
evciy problem is eventually solved iii an
alumni tungitiil way tilitl we. tier Aini'iit'niis.

u

ini' .ill lit‘llt'l ])|‘lt]lll' lit-must: of ii There
was ‘lf ililll\|'. llt) ttlll‘ lit (pinstiiiti titty til
l.l'ril"i .ittitiiili-s. litit pii'siuniilily siu'li ii pL'i
wii would liiIVt’ l)t'|’l| lr'il‘ti‘ll'il .i Fascist iii the
some way lllril tliosi' questioning l-'iilwul| arc
lillil‘lt'il (‘oiniiiiuilsis Lion and company
may not have progressed that for yet. but the
'uillit' si-lf righteous iiiunltility is undeniably
.it Work in both crises

What was most surprising about the show
was that. with the exception of Madge
Sinclair and Arthur Berghardt. none of the
actors seemed in the least bit sincere. They ‘
Wt’li‘ all excited to be Working with Pavlov's
audience. who cheered and salivnted at the
key words "liberty." "America" and “red.
Wlilli‘ iilitl blue." but‘tlial was simple ego
tittillllt'iillliii. i didn't get the sense that
anyone but lliL‘ audience was swept up by
the feeling of patriotism; they were all just ac-
tors going on stage and reciting their cliche.
tired lines (The singers. especially Barbra
Stilt-sand who was. mercifully. on tape,
Iiircd slightly better. but only slightly.)

Wliiiivvei' their intention. Lear and his
small little of friends (it “People for the
AITIL’i‘l".lit Way" have througth humiliated
themselves They came across as self-
conscious. inisundi-istood children groveling
for the attention of fill unc‘riring parent.
However. when people scream. "Look at
us" this. loudly, they should at least have the
common sense to cover up some of tlic
blemishes. If Patrick Henry knew what was
to become of liberty. he probably would
have quietly opted for death and not even
iiiciltioiied the subject. Ii.)

my; .._..:. .

 

 

 

