 
     

<mé...;. ‘ . :

"*6 "r #1:“ :7 1‘?

?”ﬁ

’~ Era..-

~.~v.;.. . 

 

 

,. Would, Capsules

 

 

O C C
Williams Trial Continues
gATLANTA. Georgia. (AP) A witness testiﬁed Thurs-
day that she saw one of the city‘s young black slaying
victims slumped over with his eyes shut in a car driven
by Wayne B. Williams. and that the youth failed to res-
pond when she called his name.

Nellie Trammell told jurors at Williams’ murder trial
that she saw 20 year old Larry Rogers. a neighbor. with
the defendant in a green station wagon on March 30,
‘l98l. the day Rogers disappeared. He was found dead
10 days later.

“I said, 'Lttrry?’ He didn't say anything," she said.
Her testimony was the fourth time prosecution witnesses
have placed Williams with one of the 28 young blacks
whose deaths during a 22~montb period have been in-
vestigated by a police task force.

Mrs. Trammell said the car Williams was driving had
cut in front of her car last March 30 and then turned
around slowly enough for her to try to talk to Rogers.

“When I looked over, I looked at this man’s face. and
Larry Rogers was in the seat and he was like this." she
said, shutting her eyes and leaning against the side of the
witness stand.

Mrs. Trammell said on cross-examination that she
was not concerned about seeing Rogers under those con-
ditions because, "I thought he was trying to hide. he
didn't want anyone to see him because he was with a
newsman.”

Williams, a 23 year old black free lance photographer
and aspiring music promoter. is charged with murdering
Nathaniel Cater. 27 and Jimmy Ray Payne. two ofthose
blacks on the task force list.

No arrests have been made in the 26 other deaths, but
prosecutors claim they can link Williams to to other
slaying victims -— including Rogers and eight others on
the task force list. The judge has allowed testimony on
the other lOvictims for the limited purpose of showing a
pattern that might ﬁt the Cater and Payne slayings.

Chemical Plant Erplodes

TONAWANDA. N.Y. (AP) An explosion at a subur-
ban Buffalo chemical plant wrecked a large part of the
building Thursday and injured at leasi l3 people. one
critically, ofﬁcials said. No deaths were reported.

The explosion occurred in a research laboratory at the
Lucidol Division plant in the nearby Town of Tonawan-
da. It blew out surrounding brick and cinder block
walls. reducing parts of the building to rubble. Many
windows at other buildings in the complex. and at near-
by homes and businesses. were shattered.

“The whole building shook." said 23-year old Jen-
nifer Kmiec, a lab technician. "It felt like a bomb going
off, then ﬂames started shooting out."

Lucidol, which makes organic chemicals used in the
production of plastics. is a division of the Pennwalt
Corp.

Twelve people were treated for gas inhalation it cuts
and bruises then released from Kenmore Mercy
Hospital. a spokeswoman said.

Tax Policy Denounced

WASHINGTON D.C.(AP) Civil liberties told Con-
gress on “Thursday that President Reagan has no
authority to end an 1] year old government policy deny-
ing tax exemptions to segretgated private schools.
Witnesses for the NAACP and Comm on Cause accused
Reagan of appearing to circumvent the laws in order to
grant special poiiitical favors to two conservative
schools that have been found to discriminate.

"The federal tax laws now on the books have been in-
terpreted by every federal appellate court which has con-
sidered the issue as prohibiting federal tax exemption
beneﬁts for schools with racially discriminatory
policies.” said M. Carr Ferguson,'who headed the
Justice Department's Tax Division during the Carter ad-

'ministration. Meanwhile. 28 senators of varying
political persuasion introduced a resolution expressing
the View that the internal Revenue Service has all the
atithority it needs to deny exemptions to discrimnatory
sch‘ools. .

Sen. Gary Hart. D-Coio.. one of the 28. said that
passing a new law. as Reagan wants. might cloud the in-
tent of the sweeping I964 Civil Rights Act. which pro-
hibits government aid to such schools. At the House
hearing. E. Richard Larson, counsel for the American
Civil Liberties Union. rejected Reagan’s contention that
there is no basis in law for the IRS to deny tax exempt-
xtions for schools that disriminate.

“Tire president is wrong." Larson told the House
Judiciary subcommittee on constitutional rights. The
lConstitution. the 1964 Civil Rights Act and various
[court rulings t. net “the Reagan administration to
deny tax-exempt status to all racially discriminatory
private schools," he said.

 

 

( Extra! Extt'ao' .'

The SA used Book Manual listing over 750 entries is
now available for purchase. ’

This compiled listing of used books for sale. owners’
names and those all-important phone numbers. can be
purchased for the next two’weeks on dinner lines and in
the CC lobby.

A few thousand copies are available. but at I0 cents a
copy. they'll be going fast!

0n the Road

For those of you who have always wanted to watch
Central Council in action. but have been too lazy to get
up and go to a meeting. Central Council will be holding
their meetings on each of the five quads.

The ﬁrst meeting will be held Wednesday. February 3.
at 7:30 pm. in Alumni Quad's Alden cafeteria. Among
the issues discussed will be the reorganization of the Off-
Campus Association (OCA).

On February IO, Central Council will be meeting on
Dutch Quad, February i7 on Colonial. February 24 on
State and March 3 on Indian.

Everyone is invited to attend.

Write, Write A Song

This is your last chance to submit original music and
lyrics to be used as the tjhcme song for telethon ’82.

Auditions are scheduled for February 3 and 4. Songs
should incorporate this year‘s Telethon thcrnc. “A
Celebration of Youth."

For more information. or to make an audition ap-
pointment. contact Mark at 436-1960 or Dave at

457-5020.
Who Are They?

Look around you in that boring 400-level cottrsc you
have today. Do you know who's who among your fellow
students?

If you need a guide to those of your classmates who
have exhibited academic achievement. service to the
community, leadership in extra curricular activities and
future potential, you might want to check the I982 edi-

.tion of Who '5 Who Among Students in American
Universities and Colleges.

This year, 33 SUNYA seniors have been included in
this illustrious listing of honorable students; Who's
Who annually surveys over I.300 institutions of higher
learning throughout the United States and several
foreign nations.

Still don‘t know Who's Who? Take a stroll through
the SA office or. better yet. read this listing. And con-

L

Tax-exempt status lets an organization avoid paying
tax on its income and Social Security taxes for its
employees. But tltc chief value is the tax deduction
allowed persons who contribute to such institutions.

Reagan Counters Criticism

WASHINGTON D.C. (AP) President Reagan, moving
quickly to counter criticism of his New Federalism pro-
gram, met with three Republican mayors Thursday and
won their backing for his contention that there would be
neither winners nor losers among the states.

White House aides passed out charts purporting to
show that the shift of programs and funds between the
federal government and the states would be balanced in
every case. They emphasized that the figures they used
might well change. but that the balance they illustrated
would not.

"All states would be held harmless." said White
House spokesman David Gergcn.

But at the winter meeting of the U.S. Conference of
Mayors, Democratic House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill
called the orogram to transfer welfare, food stamps and
about 40 other social programs “a disguised attempt to
balance the budget on the backs of state and local
governments."

Con-Ed Wins Ruling

ALBANY N.Y. (AP) Consolidated Edison legally col-
lected $350 million from its customers to meet the cost
of federal taxes the giant utility may never pay. a state
court has ruled.

In an expected decision. state Supreme Court Justice
Daniel Prior Jr. ruled Wednesday that Con Ed lawfully
collected the money over the last several years in the ex-
pectation it would eventually pass the money onto
Washington. The collections are popularly referred to as
“phantom taxes."

Prior's decision follows his ruling in November that
the $1.3 billion the New York Telephone Co. has coi-
Ieeted in recent years, under similar circumstances, is
also legal.

 

 :y...g....'.g~_‘ 1' .

 

 

CAMpus Bniefs

 

 

 

gratulatlons to the following students:

Amy K. Adelman. Jose M. Baez. Bertrand Bonnick,
Edith Dang. Ira D. Frome, Neil J. Gelfand. Susan 1,.
.Gold, Steven A. Greenberg. Steven C. Gross. Karen
Hanovicc. Robin A. Hirshman, Scott l. Jerris, Larry
Kahn. Paul H. Kasteli. Herbert Lurle. James L. McCar-
thy. Robert A. McClain. Glenn J. Mones. Lorinnn
Pcppe. Diane A. Plackis, David A. Pologe. David
Raften. Victoria B. Ross. Brad A. Rothbaum. Stacy M.
Sa'ss, Gary K. Skidmort. Suzanne P. Stern. Howard 0.
Strakcr, John J. Suydan. Steven L. Topal. Carol .I.
Volk. Peter G. Weinstock and Jason F. Werthcirn.

Free Flick

There will be a free public showing of the ﬁlm "in
Our Water" on Tuesday. February 2. at 3 pm in Hear-
ing room “C” of the Legislative Ofﬁce Building.

The film concerns the plight of a New Jersey family
fighting toxic industrial pollution.

The ﬁlm was described by the New York Post as "an
eye-opener" and it surrounds an issue relevant in the
lives of many New York State residents.

Softball Snowjob

The Capital Area March of Dimes is sponsoring a
snowball-softball tournament.

Fivc inning. single elimination games will be played on
snow covered fields at Cook’s Park itt Colonic tomor-
row and Sunday.

Tlterc is a 575 entry fee-donation, and trophies will bc
presented to the winning teams.

No-snow or mud dates are February 6 and 7.

For more information contact The March of Dimes
Office 783-9363.

Take a Dive

Recognized campus organizations can now reserve the
University swimming pool for use any Saturday this

semester between tltc hours of IO am and l pm. This '

offer runs until May I. I982.

Reservations must be ntade in person by a represen-
tative of the group at least one week in advance and no
group may rcserve the pool more than once in any
semester.

For more information. contact Dennis Eikin at
4S7-45l4. weekdays from 9 ant to 4 pm.

Botlt suits were ﬁled by state Attorney General Robcrt
Abrams. who claimed the utilities don't have to pay thc
taxes now. and may never ltavc to give Washington the
money. Prior. however. rejected Abrams' claims and
said that the utilities may still ltave to pay the taxes and
the money helps to keep customer's rates lower in the
long run anyway.

Higher Taxes Needed

ALIlANY. N.Y. (AP) Despite negative reaction front
legislative leaders. tltc Carey administration continucd
Thursday to insist that higher gasoline taxes and auto
registration fccs are needed to help fix roads and
bridges.

 

J

The tough stance came as aides to Gov. Hugh Crucy.

released the governor's special message to the
Legislature on Transportation and Capital I’tant
Renewal.

State Budget Director Mark Lawton said the plan was
a “pay as you go" financing scheme to fund a multi-
year program to bring the state’s deteriorating highways
attd bridges up to par.

“This is not an optimum solution,m it's a reasonable
one." said Lawton. who offered dctails on thc programs
that Carey ﬁrst outlincd last wcck in his proposed
l982-83 state budget.

The tax-and-fcc-hikc plan, cstimatcd to bring in $210
million in the first year. is the cornerstone of Carey's
overall plan to pump money into repairs and im-
provements to crttmbling roads and bridges; mass tran-
sit, rail, airport and port facilities and water and scwcr
systems across the state.

Nationalists Deported

llUFFALO. N.Y. (AP) Two irish nationalists found
guilty of entering the United States illegally were
deported to Canada Thursday by U.S. immigration and
Naturalization Service officials. The transfer of Owen
Carron and Danny Morrison catne at about 3 p.m. 0"
the Peace Bridge which connects Buffalo with Fort Erie,
Ontario. according to Benedict J. Ferro. INS district
director. The two were given papers allowing them to
stay in Canada for to days.

" Mastiff” ittit'tr'setéttit‘ u miniatujtlzt

 

 

By TERI KAPLOWITZ ~—

Most SUNYA students are more
than aware of the overwhelming
pressure which accompanies exam
periods. But counselors working on
the SUNYA campus are beginning

to feel that student stress is not
litnitcd to just the
middle and end of News
the semester.

Although the Featu'e

number of contacts
Middle Earth receives usually peaks
around cxnm times. Coordinator of
University Voluutccrs for Middle
Earth Marcia Rabinowitz said her
group began getting calls last Mon-
day. before classes even started.
Rabinowitz attributed much of
the stress students feel to the change
in their economic environment.
These strong economic pressures
forcc students to work at outside
jobs. Rabinowitz said that a few
years ago most students did not
hold jobs. but “it's not realistic
anymore to think of school as a
sheltered environment strictly for
learning." Outside jobs keep
students from devoting as much

’ ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. JANUARY 29, 1982

Student Stress Felt Year-Round

time to their studies. producing ad-
ded stress.

interpersonal problems seem to
be the biggest problems students
have. Rabinowitz found. but she
suggests that underlying stress may
be causing these interpersonal pro-
bicms. She explained that a student
who has been denied financial aid
may displace his or her feelings on a
roommate or friend.

Valerie Faltey. another Middle
Earth coordinator. agreed that stu-
dcnt stress has increased this
semester, as well as over the past
few years. "Four years ago.
students were aware that if they
were English majors. they might
not be marketable. but they didn‘t
care." Faltey said. Today students
have become very realistic in deal-
ing with their futures. and
"students are conccrrtcd with their
academic standing." she added.

Suicide attempts by students have
risen dramatically. according to
Fahcy. No suicide gestures were
reported by Middle Earth in Oc-
tober of I980. However. in October
of l98l. seven attempts were
reported, along with two drug over-

 

opposition.

adequate facilities.

the closing. Rifkin said.

 

Interested
in Journalism?
Then the ASP

is for you!

Positions are
available in
production,
reporting,
sales, and
our Creative
Magazine,
ASPects.

inquire at
C 329

 

 

rDental School is Planned l
for Buffalo Student Center

An estimated 1.000 SUNY-Buffalo students and faculty rallied on
that campus yesterday in a belated protest of the planned closing of
Squire Hall. the university’s student union.

Thc SUNY Board ofTrustces decided Tuesday not to interfere with
I tltc rcrtovution of the ball into a dental school facility despite student

Univcrsity officials httvc been planning the eventual close of the
ttniott since l97il. witcn the American Dental Association warned the
university it might losc its dcrttal school accrcdidation because of in-

Squire Hall is scheduled to close by March 1. according to SUNY-
‘ Buffalo Student Association President .Ioe Rit‘kin. The board of
trustccs promised a new student union would be built eventually.
Rifkin said. httt would not delay Squire’s closing.

The SA I'ccls thc renovation is an attempt to “dc-unionizc" the stu-
dcnl groups--tvltich will now be scattered around tltc catnpus-—nnd
argues that tltcrc is ample rootn on botlt the uptown and downtown

campuses for the ’I‘) ntillion project.
Legal action tutti various protests are being undertaken to forestall

 

 

CAMPUS VACATION ASSOCIATIONS

Dita

er“ V ac

[Hth ttl~

 

‘DAYTONA BEACH $114

Above Rates Include 7 Nights Lodging at Deluxe Ocenlront't-Iotels

ROUNDTRH’ lRANSl’ORlATION 10
FT. LAUi)ERI)Al[ .tntl 'i)A)‘f()NA "UK it

Departures: ' New York ' Phil. (Metro) 0 Wash. DC 0 Hartisliutgh PA
I llostnu 0 Providence O Albany NY 0 lltnghutnlon NY - Hartford

Optional $89

' Many Cuttipus Detamun-t Available

Add SIG for Upstate NV and New inglttttd Departures
’FRfE Disney Worltl Transptmatlon Excursions

ItlI Ram .rw tuitlt'tl tn .llI tm Li- .mil M-ruu- t lulrgo

In: Inn/m Intnmmuun .s R: u nutwm t out.“ iim/ t .mnpm \rnnlnm Aura utluvrlt Nt'lllt'u'lllJltlt‘

DAN TOMASETTI - lt57-Jt7‘t8

 

  

SPRING. BREA

doses.

Stress-re;ated diseases have also
increased markedly over the past
year. Approximately 25 cases of
anorexia nervosa — an eating.
disorder wherein the victitn tries to
starve herself - were reported in
I98]. while only five were reported
in I980.

Currently. Middle Earth is
operating at capacity level.
Volunteer graduate students run the
program. and they ﬁnd it difﬁcult
to recruit new ltelp since students.
feeling the increascd economic
pressure. often opt for a payingjob
instead.

More reserved in ltcr opinion. Dr.
Judy Stanley Heimbcrg. i’b.D..
counseling psychologist at the
University Counseling Center. felt
there is no one special reason for
the stress students are feeling. She
said causes ol'stress “run the gamut
in terms of ﬁnancial obligations to
powerlessness to not being able to
achieve the grade."

Heimbcrg remains .wary of the
fact that othefstudics have‘shown
an increase in student strcss over the
years. "We're still trying to figure
out what stress Is," sttt'Ksaid.

Heimbcrg was hired itr November
I978 because of her department‘s
general interest in student stress.

That spring shc formed a pilot

 

 

group of ﬁve randomly selected
students. Each week they were
issued questionnaires speciﬁcally
designed to measure stress in their
lives. Heimbcrg cautioned that she
was not looking for statistics but "a
workable way to measure stress."

Unfortunately. the pilot was
halted because of lack of funding.
Heimbcrg hopes to resume her
research this fall.

Almost predictably. Heimbcrg
found that students feel the most
stress during midterms and especial-
ly during the last third of the
semester. Sometime in November,
the Counseling Center ﬁnds itself
overloaded with students and ac-
tually must reject some students' re-
quests for counseling. "We would
love to have more counselors." said
Ileimberg.

plate: Slen- Nlm

"A mistake is being made when
you equate stress with pathology.
says Dr. Boris Anolik. psychiatrist
at SUNYA's Health Center. “Stress
is a normal, necessary thing in life.
it is the ability to cope with stress
that is the problem."

Contrary to the beliefs of
Heimbcrg and Middle Earth,
Anollk has not noticed a change In
the number of patients he sees. He
concedes that in ‘terms of eating
disorders. the ntunber of cases he
has seen has increased signiﬁcantly.
but he cautioned ,Ithitt this is
somcthing students bring with them
and is “not as a general rule
brought out in college." He has not
noted an increase in student
suicide gestures. and finds that
stress is “an overworked term."

l'llllllllllt’d 0" page 30V?"

Dorms Burglarized Over Break

 

 

Dorm room thefts on both the
uptown and downtown campuses
had increased considerably during
this year's Christuuts brcak. accor-
ding to Department oi'l’ublicSafcty
Investigator (iary O'Connor.

()vcr a tltrcc-tlay pcriotl. eight
students reported articles stolen
front lltcir dorm rooms. Stcrcos.
television sets. anti money were
among tltc itctus missing. according
to the January 22-24 police report.

investigator ()‘Connor felt the

 

/

 

FT. LAUI)ERDALE $129

   
 

  
   

 

 

 

perpetrators were local youths who
broke gound floor windows to enter
the dorms between university police
patrols.

Department of Public Safety in-
vcstigator Jack Ruth said security
around the dormatorics increased
over intcrscssion. with security ac-
tually going through the dorm balls.

The underlying cause for the
wide-spread burglaries during in-
lcrscssion is difficult to determine.
said O'Connor. However. he said.
dormitory tltcfts during the
semester continue to be higher

   
    

   

i

    

Monday Cure Int) cover)

Tuesday Cure (no cover)

i

i

i

i

i

i

j .lmported Bottles $1.09

i

i

’ Miller $2.00

i House Drinks .89 cents

i Sours .99 cents

’ White Russians $1.29
iced Teas $1.29

i Wednesday

The Units

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA‘A
'

j Sundays
New Wave oc

 

MADISON AVE 5

GOT THOSE EARLY WEEK BLUES? 
Domestic Bottles .89 cents ‘ {

Kamikaze or Houseshots .79 cents.
Free case of Rolling Rock to high scorer on Pac Man

Pitchers Genny Ale $1.75 

) Upbeat Jazz with DOWNTlME
} Thursday,Friday.Saturday

no cover with current SUNY l.D. on Thursday

because of students‘ negligence in
keeping their doors locked.

Meanwhile, stolen.property from
Waterbury Hall on Alumni Quad
has been located in a second-hand
shop in Albany. Investigator Ruth
explained that Albany second hand
shops are required to submit a
periodic police report containing
sellers’ names and merchandise
descriptions.

Ruth said campus police irt con-
junction with the Albany Police
Dcpartmcnt are presently pursuing
a suspect in that crime.

A AA
vvvv

ammo saw
ALBANY. l

AAAL
v—v'vv'v

 

 

  

