 

i-‘érf‘ﬂf‘f-t

: V. ;-

s~.—

  

Reagan reveals MX plans

Washinglon. D. C.
(AP) Wielding both stick and carrot. President Reagan pro
posed Monday to deploy the huge MX missile in a string of
Wyoming silos. then invited the Soviet Union to take
several joint steps to abate fears of an accidental nuclear
war.

“it still takes weapons to prevent war." Reagan said of
his option for the so-called dense-pack deployment of tlte
MX. a missile he reehristened "the Peacekeeper." But he
declared "The United States wants deep cuts in the world's
arsenal of weapons."

The president proposed that the superpowers begin that
process with a concerted attempt to preclude the possibility
of accidental conflict. On that score. he proposed they tell
each Other in advance of plans to test intercontinental
missiles or launch major military exercises. and suggested
"a broad-ranging exchange of basic data about our nuclear
forces."

in his nationally televised speech. Reagan said he hoped
to "remove suprise and uncertainty at the sudden ap-
pearance of such missiles on the warning screens of the two
countries.“ _

And in sttpport of his proposal to exchange information
about nuclear forces. Reagan said. “The more one side
knows about what the other side is doing. the less room
there is for suprise and ntiscalctrlation."

Tylenol campaign launched

New Brunswick, NJ.
(AP) Johnson & Johnson has distributed more than 20
million Tylenol coupons worth $2.50 cacti to entice
Americans into replacing the painkiller capsules they threw
away in fear.

Extra>Strength Tylenol capsules will be back on store
shelves nationwide in new tamper-resistant packaging by
the end of December. three months after poisonings in the
Chicago area prompted many people to get rid of their
Tylenol.

On Sunday. Johnson & Johnson began a $20 million
campaign to promote the product. The 20 million coupons
were inserted in Sunday newspapers. and the giant phar-
maceutical firm intends to give out another 60 million
coupons on the next two Sundays. said Lawrence 0.
Foster. vice president for public relations.

"The object is to replace the Tylenol thrown away
because of fear.‘ he said. “it's also to get Tylenol back in
the households."

Seven Chicago-area residents who took Extra-Strength
Tylenol capsules laced with cynadidc died last September.
prompting Johnson and Johnson to recall all ‘1 ytenol cap-
nationwide.

The success of the promotional campaign will not be
known until alter consumers begin redeeming the coupons.
Aspirin-free Tylenol had been the best-selling pain-reliever
in the nation before the poisoning. '

Banks reduce lending rate

New York
(AP) Major banks ctrt their prime lending rate today by one
half a percentage point to 11.5 percent. tltc lowest since
September 1980.

On Friday. the Federal Reserve Board lowered its dis-
count rate to a four-year low of9 percent from 9.5 percent.
widely viewed as an indicator the Fed is giving closer atten-
tion to the stalled economy rather thari maintaining its
strict grip on the money supply - and with it credit.

The Fed's cut in the discount rate was the sixtlt half-point
cut since July when the rate stood at 12 percent. The rate is
on overnight loans to member banks and other financial in-
stitutions.

Since July the prime lending rate has fallen from 16.5
percent.

Economic recovery doubted

' Washing/0n. D. C.
(AP) After a month of adding new figures and checking old
ones. government economists are reaching a discouragingly
lamtlrar conclusion: no recovery yet for the national
economy.

The Commerce Department was releasing its revised
estimate of third-quarter gross national product today.
along with its ﬁrst ﬁgures on US. companies' profits dur-
ing that July—September period. No one was expecting good
news on either count.

in fact, some economists were guessing iii advance the
revision would show inflation-adjusted GNP - the broadest
measure of U.S. economic activity - actually declining in
the third quarter rather than barely rising at the annual rate
of 0.8 percent estimated lnst rrtoritli.

As a general rule. tlterc would have to be solid gains irt
real GNP for two straight quarters before there would be

   

  

Hasp‘el’shero

"Where have all the heroes gone?" Find out on Thurs-
day. Dcc. 2 when Rachel Haspel will speak on the life of
Raoul Wallenberg. the Swedislt diplomat responsible for
saving thousands of Jews from the Nazis in WW11.
Haspel is the president of the Raoul Wallenburg Commit-
tee of the United States.

in addition. President O'Lcary has designated Dec. 2.
1982 as a day to honor Raoul Wallenbcrg on the Albany
campus.

Haspcl's talk is scheduled for B p.m. in the Campus
Center Ballroom.

Technologically speaking

The Department of Rhetoric and Communication. in
conjunction with the Faculty Exchange Program. an-
nounces the visit of Dr. Molet‘r Kate Asante. Faculty Ex-
change Scholar from SUNY~Buffalo. Asante will be
speaking on "The import of New Technologies on the
Cultures of Developing Nations." December 2. 1982 at
noon in the Humanities Lounge (HU 354).

Anyone is welcome to attend and if they so desire. may
bring their lunch.

Freeze infiltration debated

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Two metnbers of Congress are challenging NATO
Secretary-General Joseph Luns’ claim - similar to President
Reagan‘s - that the nuclear weapons freeze movement in the
West is “strongly aided" by the Soviet Union.

And another congressman. Rep. Don Edwards. D-Calif..
says ltc thinks the FBI improperly intruded into politics by
publicly backing Reagan's contention that foreign agents
are helping the freeze tnovcrncnt in the United States.

Edwards said Thursday he had no quarrel with tltc Fltl‘s
invcstigating foreign agents who might be infiltrating the

formation confidential.

Reagan tisscrtcd at it lchs conference last week that tltcre
is “no question about forciin agents" being sent to the
United States to “help instigate and help create ilttti keep
such a movement going."

"Some new reports frortt the secret scrviccs" showed
Wcstcrn anti-nuclear campaigns were "strongly aided by
tile Soviet Union. including financial support." said l.tins
NATO's top civilian official. '

Leaders to vote on contract

(AP) United Steelworkers lenders reportedly agrcfii’iigliinig
percent pay otrt and other concessions to troubled
steelmakers as local uniort officers gathered to vote Mon-
day on the shape of a new contract.

The union's executive board met privately Thursday to

discuss a new contract that would replace the current pact
.

which expires in August 1983.
I Btlmrg members refused to discuss the session. but one
oca o icial said the panel had rct ' '

tLhcd a tcnlatrv * - -
mom. c agree
I .l I . ‘
"We Vt. known about it the agreement for three days
We rc opposed to concessions unless it means
I I ' w ' ' i ‘
:mploymcnt. ' said Mike Bonn. president of USW 100'”

I ‘ ‘ . . .
.227 at U.S. Stch (.orp.'s lrvrti Works. "We want jobs
not charity." i.
‘ The New York Titties rcpot'tcd tltc proposed contract
contained a 10 percent wage and benefit ctit over 45 mouths
and it dclcrral of ti cost-of—livirtg raise that h .
scheduled for next tttorttlr.
‘ 'lStcclrttttk'crs agreed to a profit-sharing plan and to con-
. .

lri iutcto depleted funds that ltavc been paying benefits to
did-Oil workers. according to uniott and company ()i‘licllitli

tttl bccn

 

wide agreement the recession had ended.

whom the Times did not identify.

frcczc movctttctit. btit that the F131 is required to kccp its in-‘

 

 

 

  
  

 

 briefs

Who’s in charge anyway ?

"Taking Charge of Your Life" is the title and itttcnl or

a weekend workshop being offered December 4 and shy ,

the Kripalu Yoga Center at 1698 Central Al'cnuc in
Albany.

The seminar. running from 8:30 am. to 5 put. both
days. will emphasize confronting core issues iii an in.
dividual's life (e.g. family. health. Occupation and “In.
tionships) and the choice to change.

The cusr of the seminar is $45. and ii is conducted by
professionals from the Kripalu Center for Holistic Health
in Pennsylvania. For information or to register. call the
center at 869-7990.

Behaving like animals

Professor Ronald Pulliam will be speaking on "()p.
timiztion Models of Animal Behavior” \k’cdncsdriv
November 24. at 3:30 pm. in ES 140. A L‘Ultlinutliitlitoi
the Department of Mathematics and Statistics' Colin.
quium Series. the lecture is free and open to tile public.

Computer continuation

The computer center will be btirning the midnight oil as
usual on Wednesday. November 24. The trscrs' room arid
dispatch window will remain open until midnight for
anyone wishing to use the facilities. For further inforttttt~
tion. contact the computer center. 457-1893.

Library lessons

Skill training in library research materials is Ll\llliitlllt‘
for individuals or groups through the Uttttctkllt‘
Librttries. The Bibliographic instruction Unit (4513347)
or the subject bibliographer for a disciplitrc (457-8555)
can provide an orientation tour or personal help to
students working on a library-oriented assignment til
research paper. in addition. a student needing informa-
tion in basic library research can turn to the instruction
Unit's Library Research Workbook. And don't forget
the library's one-credit courses. listed'in tlic L‘tlllfSt‘
catalog.

For more infortttation call Jacquelyn (iatryck. Coors
dinator for Bibliographer instruction at 457-3347.

By Ellen Santaslero
and Matt Nichols

STA Fl" WRITERS

 

New rooﬁng is being installed on top of
the Campus Center as part of an ongoing
re-rool‘ing project of the uptown campus.
Leaks in the present roofs may cause
damage to the buildings during winter as
water seeps into the concrete and freezes.
causing crttcks in the strttcture. according to
Dennis Stevens. Director of the Physical
Plant.

“The roof (of the Campus Center) has
leaked for years. and it's tinte to replace
it." said Stevens. Brown cracks and cor-
roded plaster creep down the walls of Carri-
ptrs Center rooms 370 and 375 and ringed
water stains on the ceilings and carpets of
these roonts attest to this fact.

Plans and specifications for the project
were drawn up by the Physical Plant. and
bids were taken from private roofing con-
tractors. According to Charles Estcy of the
Physical Platit. the lowest bid of 5238.000
forwarded by 13. Sheber and Sons was en—

thusiastlcally accepted becatisc the project
had been estimated tp cost over 5400.000.

The actual work consists of tearing up
the old asphalt roof and replacing it with a
new rubber matting called Carlisle rubber.
said Stevens. Protective boarding will be
laid across the bare concrete; rubber mat-
ting will be installed on top of this. and then
a 3 1/2 inch layer of insulating styrofoatn
ltcld down by gravel will complete the new
roof.

The rttbbcr roof should exceed the
aspliult's 18-year life expectancy because of
its clasticity. "Albany's variable weather.
exposure to ultra-violet light. and the strif-
ting of the building all contributed to the
cracking and breakdown of the asphalt
roof." said Ray Hcrnic. forman of the
roofing crew. The new rubbcr roofing. ltc
said. can withstand these deteriorating cori-
ditions.

“Six buildings on campus have been top-
pcd with the new roofing over the past few
years." Stevens said. rcfcrrittg to the Social
Science. Humanities. Education. Physics.

NOVEMBER 23, 1982 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Chemistry. and Biology buildings. Hernlc
said that the library may be the next
building to receive a new roof. although it is
itot up for bid yet. He also said that the
Campus Center job will take about four
months to complete. weather permitting.
The completion deadline is September 1.
1983. btrt Hcrnic believesthe project will be
finished in early spring.

"There is $20 million wrapped up in -
rehabilitation construction at SUNYA."
said Stevens. “and because of atrstcre
times. this figure is 30 percent less than it
should be." Stevetts noted a problem is tltc
liittitcd budget allotted to construction rind
the simultaneous breakdown of the nation's
infrastructure. Most roads. bridges.
buildings. and communications hardware
were bttilt around the same time and are all
wearing ottt and nccdittg replacement at the
same time.

Tltc cortstrtictiori is funded by the State
University Construction Fund and is stipcr-
viscd uttder the Physical Plant. l l

 

Campus Center re-roofed to prevent leakage

ERICA SPIEOAL ups
Campus Center root construction
Leaky roof being replaced.

 

The steel industry. which suffered losses of more lllitll $2
billion in the first nine months of 1982. has been ptcstirri:
the union for wage benefit cuts. The urtiort hits about
130,000 furloughed workers-about a third of the tntil
membership.

UAW, Chrysler reopen talks

Highland Park, .\/It'iliL’d/l
(AP) Bargainers for the United Auto Workers Union .rrrrl
Chrysler Corp. iii the United States Monday IL‘ttllt'llt'ti con
tract talks that broke off because the rank and file tlctnnttrl-
cd an imtttcdiatc pay raise.

Negotiations also reopened Monday morning lit it‘it‘llltl
for 10.(X)0 Canadian workers wlto have bccrt on «rtrkt to:
17 days.

in Highland Park. Thomas Mitrcr. Cltyslct \ ict- [lit'ddt'lll
of indirstrtral rclrttions. said tltc return to lltc tntrunnnrtt‘
table was prontptcd by “our hope to end this strike."

“We're going. to do some things to finish up ultrlv \H‘
left off” when U.S. trrlks broke off five \tcck Jelt‘» ‘-“"
Mark Stcpp. vice president and director or the t‘.r\\\"~
Chrysler department. “i‘m going to opctt up It} not”? “i'
want to ultimately get to the nitty gritty. that lillllttlis ltlllltlll
dollars." Union and company burguincrs tllcl in xctttrtrtlt
sessions. btrt were expected to get bargaining under “it!
later Monday.

 

Cuomo to create new position

New l'U/l'
(AP) Cow-elect Mario Cuotno says a state C0111t11l\sir)ll'\
Suggestion that he appoint a criminal justice coordinator is
Pratscworth)’. important and just what ltc planned to do it”
along. .
in a report issued Sunday. the comrtiission. ltcrnlvd l‘l‘
Nf'Vf' Y°rk City lil‘Wcr Arthur 1.. Lintnrt. L‘lllit‘ti tltc strtlc'i
“‘“mmﬂ' .ittsticc system “feeble” arid urged t‘uornn I”
a new cnbinct-lcvcl position to coordinate it.

The commission. appointed by Gov. liugh (inc), coli-
dttctcd ti 19-month study of management in llit‘ Writ“ 53
brlliou~a~ycttr criminal justice system and cortcltrdcrl tilt“
“‘5' Ptcﬁt‘ttt ~\yStcrn - involving police. prosecutors. court»
prisons illld probation (lg-part”)an . “is not lL‘li. Is tlt‘i
""ltttlttt'd tutti. as presently constituted. r» 1""
tnrtnagcrtblc."

(‘llf’l‘m- “'h‘l Picttgcd during his campaign to ctcntr' until
it l‘tosrtton. sttitl the cortuttission's suggestion “ttrll to W"
if“ my government." He srrid he PliltlllUtl to \‘tt‘tllc lli'.’ r rv-r
“‘"l “"d ttltPOint his candidate tor the job llil\ \\L'Ll

 

 

Center counsels draft eligibles, seeking help

 

By Bob Gardiner
W __¥ rsnrmrrmr..rssrsnwr

Persons eligible for tire draft can obtain information of
the rules and regulations and possible alternatives rcgtuding
selective scrvicc throuin Albany's Draft Counseling
Center.

The Ccrttcr. located at 221 Central Avc.. in tire Social
Actions Offices in Albany, was set up in June 1982 arid is
affiliated with the Albany Peace arid Energy Cotittcil. Fitti-
ding for the cetiter "comes front pledges frotii active
tttciitbcrs and futtd raising events strclt as the Holly thtr
Concert arranged jointly by Social Actions Cctiter and
SUNYA Peace Project. "We don‘t tell people what to do;
we just inform tltctn about wltut the alternatives are." said
Darby Pcrtny. a volunteer draft counselor at the cctttcr.

In a recent decision handed down Tuesday Nov. 16. U.S.
District Court Jtrdgc Tcrry Httttcr rtilcd that the selective
scrvicc law was invalid on a technical ground. The case
against public rcsistcr Dtivid Wayte was dropped by Judge
Hatter on the grounds that tltc rcccrit registration itct was
enacted ttinc days too soon. ‘

.
Draft counselor Dave Miller celebrated the dccis‘ion its u
victory, saying “it was it result of pttblic prcsstrrc."
l-lowevcr. lte cautioned. "11 docs trot change anything. The
answer is that the registration must simply cease."

'l‘ltct‘c hitVL‘ bccn no indictments scrtcd to titty Albany
area sclcctbc service resistors. according to Ruth Fostcr'.
tlircctor of tire Social Actions Center. “People who do not
sign up just get \vrtttrirtg letters." shc sarid.

“it is usually the public resistors like Wuytc that get into
trouble." said Foster. explaining that tltc private resistors
usually just try to sttry otrt of sight. The strrtc hits it progrrtttt
of reviewing tltc licenses of all eligible drnl‘tces to firtd out
wlto has not signed tip. said Penny. who poitttcd out lltttl
failure to register is it violation of tile law. which currics a
sentence of up to five years in prisoit or a $10,000 fine or
both. ‘

Over 300,000 tttcn refused to rcgistcr in the summer of
1980. and tltcrc are 700,000 drttft resistors itt thc cotrtitry ill

on

 

 

 

 

 

  

WANTS vou 'I'D REGIS
'I'ER FOR THE DRAFT?“

 

 

GRAPHIC ILLUSTRATION CCCO
‘ . I  . ‘ ,"

 

the present tintc. nccordina rn inrnrnwttnn t‘nllmvtml t... it...
center. However. there are only 14 cases I11 courts across
the country wltcre rcsistcrs are facing charges. said Penny.

Penny poitttcd to it ltiw that will go into effect next
semester which will but arty strident who has not signed tip
with the selective service from getting arty firtttttcitrl trid.
SUNYA's Director of Financial Aid. Donald Wltitlock.
could not be reached for comment.

The Draft Counseling Cctttcr is extremely trcccssary. sttid
Penny. since the laws regarding registration and conscicnv
tious objector status are complex. She explained that a per-
son who wants to be a conscientioris objector has to have a
wltole rcstrme of personal recommendations by other peo-
ple. such as ministers. to be considered. if a person signs up
and tltctt rcccivcs art ittduction notice. they have ten days to
prove conscientious objection. and Penny believes that by
this stage. there is riot cttottglt titttc to make it case.

There are some religious groups who have tltlltmlillic litt-
mtrnity such as Mcncnitc' attd Quakers itotcd l’ctltty. “httt
i1 person has to show association with one of these groups
that goes back it substantial number of years." she said.

The Draft Counseling Center plans to strut it workshop
with tltc National lawyers gtiild in January. according to
Foster. to help educate lawyers on cffcctivc ways to dcfcntl
sclcctivc scrvicc resistors in court. They are also planning
an inl'orttttttivc rrtlly on campus ncxt semester to CililHtS stir-
dent fcclittg about the service regulations. Penny said.

Actually. tltcrc rirc very few people who use tltc Drnl't
Counseling (.‘crrtcr. said Pctrtty. People are probably rtot
tifrrrid there will bc a draft. “if conditions in Central
America get much worse. people may bccontc ctrttccrrrcd
and will start looking for help.“ she said. adding that
“Cctttrul America hits bccn cottiprtrcd to VictNrirn."

The Center has one part-time cntploycc to oversee
business. Tltc rest of the pcoplc tltut riru the other organiza-
tions itt thc building such as Citizen's Party. Coalition
against Apartheid. Albany Peace and Energy Council. are
all volunteers who dorintc a portion of their time per
week. i i

 

Student charges harassment to car mechanic

 

said, “You came into my bay. How would

By Gina Ahcnd
smrr warren

Albany student Anthony Silber claims he
was accosted with "irrational hostility" and
“uncontrollable rage"by a mechanic who
inspected his car at an Albany gas station
Nov. 12. V

The mechanic. who works at Giaiietto’s
Mobil Service station art the corner of
Washington Avcritie and Colvin Avenue
and an attendant who witnessed the iltci~
dcnt refused to comment after rcpcrtted at-
tcntpts to question them. The station‘s
owncr. Joc (iirtrtctto. v .ts unavailable for
cotnrnentf »

When Silber arrived to pick itp his 1972
Dodge Swinger which needed ncw rcgistrn-
tion and inspection stickers. he said an tit-
tcridttnt led him to tire bay area and showed
liirti that the car’s windshield blades were
worn.

A inechnnic tltcn walked over and listed
other problems he said were wrottg with tile

car. Silber said “the mechanic was lying.
When 1 hougltt the car irt June of this year.
i had it inspected and it was fittc. Among
other things. he told me 1 needed brake
ﬂuid - i had added some just weeks before -
and asked me if i wanted an estimate. His
to"? of voice was filled with sotne unex-
plained hostility.” Silber claitned tltc
rnccltnrtic said repairs would cost at least
$55.

How would you like it if I shit
in your living room?

-— Mechanic

Gianello's Mobil

 

Silber said he told tltc men he “couldn‘t
littvc the work done at that time." and as it
result. he failed the inspection.

At that point. Silber said. he went to
check his brake ﬂuid and opened the hood
of tlte car. "As soon as 1 did this. the
mechanic shoved me and slammed down
my hood. his eyes blazing with irrational
animal fury." Silber said he was dumb-
founded. and the mechanic told hint “to do
it outside."

Silber cittcrcd the car to brick it out. htrt
the mechanic leaned irtto the car. shut it
off. urtd yelled. “get out!" As Silber got
otrt. he c..umed tltnt the mechanic “sltoved
rtic hard. his inexplicable rage out of con-
trol." According to Silber. tltc tllccllilllit.‘
poirtted to the Dodge's SUNYA car sticker.
urtd said. “Just because you ltavc that
sticker. you think you are educated. Well.
you're ttotl You‘re srttpid!"

Silber said the rttcchanic theit instrttcted
him to go to the office and pay the six
dollar inspection fee. As he was paying the
bill. Silber questioned the mechanic on his
liestitity. According to Silber. the mechanic

you like it if i shit in your living room?"

"This is an absurd analogy." Silber later
commented.

Silber immediately called the Albany
Police who sent an officer to interview
Silber and the mechanic separately. Accor-
ding to Silber. the mechanic told the officer
that Silber was trying to avoid paying the
inspection fee. 'l‘ltc officer informed Silber
that he could press charges of assault
against the mechanic. but he decided to
“drop it because the police appearance at
the station should serve as a warning to the
mechanic not to hcltave in that manner."

According to Officer Michael Smith of
the Albnriy Police Dcparttttent. the inci-
dent is not part of police record “since the
party did not wislt to make a complaint."

Silber plans to report the episode to the
Better Business Bureau as well as com-
pleting a complaint form about inspection
to the Department of Motor Vehicles. El

'WW— imw"" *— ' v-—

 

