,._:., ‘_... my: MW .

 m»-,..,,._.,;

 can ~.~ -..

 

'6.
"r
r
i

it
1..
if
'

 

 

CAMpus 'Bnie‘fs

 

Get Your Scholarship Here

If you like to buy things. maybe you'll be sold on ap-
plying for a Purchasing Management Association of
Eastern New York $650 scholarship.

Two scholarships will be given wuway to eligible
students who are enrolled on a full-time basis in a local
college or university and who will be a Junior or Senior
during the academic year 1982-83. .

Students can pick up an application form in the finan-
cial aids office or contact Mr. Fred Larsort. C.P.M..
Zak. Inm. P.O. Box 929. Troy, N.Y. 12181.

Applications are due April 15.

Roll Your Monopoly Dice

‘Pass 60' and collect prized. trophies rrrtd t-shirts.
There will be tr MONOPOLY Tournament for Easter
Seals on April 17th at Colonic Center.
The competition is based not on bankruptiug your op-
poncnts bttt on accurrutlating the highest total assets.
The tournatnent cotrsists of six rounds. each 90
minutes long. and the overall local winners score sheet
will be entered into the State Championship with the op-
portunity to make it to the national games.
Players nrrrst raise $15 to participate.
For details and to prc-rcgistcr call Ginny at the
Capital District Easter Seal Society at 434-4103.

The Celluloid Closet

 

 

To wind up the SUNY-wide Spring Gay and Lesbian
Conference at SUNYA,(Apri1 16-18). Vito Russo will
present his audio-visual presentation ‘The Celluloid
Closet.‘ on Sunday April 18 in the CC Ballroom.

Russo is the author of The Celluloid Closet:
Homosexuality 1n the Movies. and his lecture has been
covered by major television arid print media across the
U.S.A. and in Europe.

The lecture is $1 for students with tax card. $1.50
without tax card and $2 general admission.

Pre-Harvard School, Free

Go to school and get paid for itl

SUNY-Stouy Brook is sponsoring an eight-week sum-
mer academic program from June 14 to August 6 for 30
Black and illspnnic students who have just finished their

junior year.

Stutlcnts who ttre accepted will pay no tttition and will
receive a cash stipend of up to $130 a week while tn the
program.

 

The purpose of this intensive program is to help
prepare students for admission into rigorous graduate
programs at Harvard. Princeton. Berkeley and other top
Master's degree programs in public policy and manage-
ntent. .
If you are interested in applying. send a post card rc-
qucsting an application forth to Prof. Joan Weinstcin.
W. Avercll Harriman College for Urban and Policy
Sciences. SUNY-Stony Brook, New York, 11794. or call
her at (516) 246-6136.

Applications must be received by April 20.

Calling All Talent.

 

()kay SUNYA - show us your talent!

The National Talent America Program invites talent
of all ages to perform ltr its Upstate New York Showcase
‘82. Sunday, April 18 at the Holiday inn Troy.

Award winners in all age and talent catagorics will be
givctr a $250 scholarship to cover tttitiort for the national
educational workslrips and competitions to be held July
9-11 at the Hotel Roosevelt in New York City.

Performers are lirrritcd to three-minute acts in
categories srrch as dance. musical instrument, vocal.
drama. acrobatics atrd etc.

The registration deadline is April 15. For more infor-
ruation write Upstate New York Talent Arucrica, PO.
Box 232. Schenectady, N.Y..123l)l or call 1716681.

Magnetic Bacteria Attract

11' Magnets and bacteria attract yotr. come hear
Charles F. Bean of the General Electric Research rttrd
Development Center. speak on ‘Magnetic Navigation in
Bacteria.‘ 3 pm. on Friday. April 2 in P11 129.

 

 

Friday (TV Hour)
MIKE OREFICE

 

 in my .. .:.w.,...—u

HARMONY GRITS 8:30 — 9-30 pm
SNOWFLAKE
9:53 pm CHRISSIE & co.
10:27 pm KAZOO BROTHERS
10:58 pm DEAN BROWN’S
JAZZ BAND
11:33 pm DON BERGE
12:40 am MAGIC MCKENZIE
1:10am SPINNERS
3:42 am KARDIAX

What’s Happening This Weekend at Telethon

Saturday night

5:40 pm BUZZ &
THE BUTTERCUPS

6:15 pm GRANDMA FEINSTEIN
& THE TONE DEAFS

7:30 pm JACKSON FOUR

CHILDRENS HOUR THEME —
CIRCUS
Be a chaperone

ALSO —— GO-GO’s, DIANA ROSS & THE SUPREMES. & MORE!
Throughout the 24 hours, watch the pies being thrown at your favorites:
John Levato (Advisor, Business School), Harold Cannon (Accounting Professor),
Bill Goodfriend (General Manager, WCDB).

Scott Berge (Student Activities, Telethon Advisor),

Hap Carrier (Management Professor)

THERE’I.L BE SUPRISE APPEARENCES BY OTHER WELL KNOWN
SUNYA CELEBRITIES!!!
ALSO, CONTINUOUS AUCTIONS, INCLUDING: American Inn One-Night
Dream Getaway, Governch Inn Waterbed Suite. 6-month membership to

‘ American Health & Racauet Cltrbi Football from NY. JetsI Pearl Iiiarrirlrgi

 

 

 

Wonl‘d Capsules

 

IRA Guerillas' Kill Two

LONDONERRY. Northern Ireland (AP) IRA guerrillas
waiting in ambush in an apartntent they seized shot and
killed two British soldiers in civilian clothes riding in an
unmarked van outside a Roman Catholic cathedral
Thursday.

They were the fourth and fifth soldiers mttrdered
from ambush in a week.

The Irish Republican Army claimed responsibility re.
the attack. calling the soldiers “plainclothes undercover
agents." The IRA said it also was responsible for set.
ting off a 600-pound bomb utrder a railroad bridge
Newry that closed the main Belfast-Dublin rail litre
Thursday morning.

Unemployment Rate Peaks

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Unemployment figures to
be released Friday could show the nation's jobless rate
“just slightly higher" than 9 percent, Treasury Secretary
Donald Regan said Thursday night.

If so, that would be at the highest unemployment rate
recorded since World War II and the second-highest
since the Bureau of Labor statistics began compiling the
figures more titan 40 years ago.

The unemployment rate for February was 8.8 percent
tying the record set in Decetnber of last year. The rate
dipped in January 8.5 percent.

Regan. interviewedron public television‘s "MacNeil-
Lehrer report" said he was “positive they're the
unemployment figures not 1 )ing to break 10 percent."

Israelis Defy Evacuation

YAMIT. Occupied Sirral (AP) A boatload of Israeli nit»
tionalists landed on the beach and punched through :r
cordon of soldiers Thtrrsday to join thousands or
civilians who were hoping to block the handover of Sinai
to Egypt by defying orders to leave.

The nationalists landed in rubber diughies and aborrr
25 broke tltrottgh the litre of tttrartncd soldiers. stud
Moshe Ilager, the group's leader. Three others were or»
rested with six anti-withdrawal activists among the hurt-
dreds who througed the sltore to greet the invaders.

The scuffle on the paint-lined beach near the northern
Sinai town of Youth dramatized thc lust-ditch battle to
lralt the evacuation by nationalists who ptrt no faltlt In
the peace treaty with Egypt. itt which Israel agreed to
leave the Sinai by April 25.

May Cut Social Security

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Negotiators for the
Reagan administration and both political parties in t our
gress are discussing a redrrction atrd delay in this year‘s
Social Sccttrity cost-of—living increase as part of :r rorrr
promise to rcdttce deficits. congressional SOIII‘L‘Cs \Irtd
Thursday.

Sources said an oil itrrport fee also is being considered
as part of a plan to raise taxes as much as $3C billion. \
$5 billion cutback itr President Reagan‘s Pentagon
budget atrd rcdtrced pay increase for federer cmployecs
also are under consideration, the sources added.

The sources, who declined to permit use of their
names. stressed repeatedly that no decisions have been
made in the private discussions. which have involved
White House Chief of Staff Janres Baker. White Ilousc
congressional liaison Ken Dtrberstein and Republicans
and Democrats from both the House and Senate.

Panama Celebrates Canal

PANAMA CITY, Panama (AP) Parades. pardons for
prisoners and ceremonies throughout the country mark-
ed Panama’s ofﬁcial takeover of the Canal Zone. which
on Thursday ceased to be U.S. territory.

Americans still living in the zone showed little concern
about coming under Panamanian jurisdiction.

Tire zone. which stretches from the Atlantic to the *5.
Pacific. was under American sovereignty —- COIHP'C” '

with U.S. courts. American police and its own ad-
ministration — until President Jimnry Carter sign“!
treaties itt 1977 with Panama to hand both the 646

square-mile Canal Zone and the waterway to the »

PililiIllIllIIliIIIS.

Correction

 

In the Marclt 30 ASP, rrrt article entitled “New York 5-

Tlmes ('ollcge (irridc Rtrrrks SUNYA 10 In 265 Schools"
was misleading. The guide ranks cttclr school individual
IV rrrtlrcr than by comparison to others. However
SUNYA wus rturkcd highly by the guide. We regret III
e r r o r .

By JACK DURSCH LAG

The majority of the 23 SUNY-
Iiul't'alo protestors sentenced for
trespassing dtrrirrg a February 4 sit-
in at Squire Hall have decided to
appeal the rtrling. according to UB‘
professor Edwin Powell.

Tire students, who pleaded not
guilty last week before a Buffalo
municiplc court judge, were offered
a choice of three sentences: paying a
$100 fine. donating $100 to a
recognized charity or completing 25
hours of cornrrrtttrity service. Powell
said.

At a tttcctiug Tuesday night.
those who had chosen community

Council Grants
$3500 To
Speakers Forum
For PCA Speech

II) IlI‘I'I'II IiRINS I

Speaker's Forum tecciwd an
allocation of 53.500 froru (.‘culrrtl
('otrncl \\’ctluesdrry to to enable
tlrcrrr to sponsor a speaker. forruer
Prime Minister of Jamaica Michael
Manley. for the Putt-Caribbean
Association (PCA).

Ilowcvcr. lvlaulcy will rtot speak
this semester because Ire has cancell-
ed his U.S.- spettking tour. The PCA
had hoped to Iravc Mrtrrley speak at
SUNYA as part of this totrr on
either April 26 or 27.

This new development surfaced
Thursday when Speakers Forum
Chair Mall Landau called tltc agen-
cy. New Litres. to confirm Manlcy's
speaking engagement. He was told
that Manley had cancelled his April
tour arid would not be returning

from Germany trrrtil early next
week.
Landau said that Speaker‘s

I‘orunt would altcrrtpt to get
Maulcy make a special appearance
just for SUNYA. ,

“ ’e'rc still going to have a good
show," said Landau. “If he comes

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. APRIL 2. 1982

y~Squire Hall Demonstrators Appeal Sentence

23 Still Pleading Not Guilty

service decided to fight the ruling,
Powell said.

One of the original Squire H7.
Powell was arrested when he refus-
ed to leave the U13 student rmiott
dtrring a protest of tlrrrt building‘s
closing, even after campus security
was called.

Powell claimed the school atl-
ministration dropped the charges
from a "misdemeanor" to a "viola-
tion" to prevent those arrested
from being tried by jury:

Tire trials were “grotesque viola-
tions of trial procedure." said
Powell.

A sccoudgroup of protcstors. ar-

 

in October (instead) we hope to be
the only school in the area to have
Manley. If not the only. then at
least the first."

According to I’CA President Iter-
trttnd liouuick. they (PCA) had
been trying since October to get
Manley on campus. However, he
said. “it came to a point where the
action and the results in the past
were a part of institutional racism.
He (Landau) does it
unconsciously. "

Bonnick said he went to Central
Council for funds because he ﬂew-

rested shortly after the‘ first at
another Squire Hall sit-in, are
scheduled for trial May 20.

Powell and U1! Student Associa-
tion President Cordell Schachtcr
botlr said Uli's Faculty-Senate pass-
ed a resolution to support the
students claims on Squire. but they
disagreed as to wiry the resolution
was reversed a few days later.

Powell said, "There was corr-
siderable pressure by the ad-
ministration to ruakc the Faculty-
Senate reverse their decision." and
went on to say that Vice-President
Carter of the~ Health Science
Department said at the latest
Factrlty-Scmtte meeting that the [113
medical school is lit danger of “Im-
lng appropriations if the medical

a
- at “max mo“

cd it as tltc “last liberal possibility.”

Central Council Chair John
Sttydatn believes the PCA was able
to come to the Council because “it
is the forum w here any gtttttps cart
conic if they felt they haw dealt
with trtrfairly itt arty ctllltlllillct‘."

I’CA turned to (‘cntral (‘ouncil
only after calling a press conference
last week. charging ('rruucil Iltltl
Speaker‘s Forum with racism.

Suydatu was “upset he (Iiourrickl
tirade it it racial issue when he silllp-
|_\‘ hell he didn‘t get a fair deal. I
had the impression that he was
treated \cry well."

LEAP Discontinued This Spring

Iiy RONNIE CAMPBELL
The Liberal liducrrtion Advance»
‘mcnt Program (LI-ZAP) will no
lougc be available. beginning with

I this spring's pro—registration.

l.Ii/\l’ was introduced irt 1980 as
art experimental program aimed ill
helping students choose a well-
rotrudcd educatirm program accor-
ding to the coordinator of [PAP
Dr. Stanley Schwartl.
‘ Ilowevcr'. lltcrc were :1 t’cw pro»
l'blcms with the program according
‘ to University Senator Mark
\chrltr. “ l he program began with
21X)‘rlllticlllnrtilkiiliillthlHtlt' h:rlt or
tlrv students dropped rt." lrr' atrtrl.

“ l he prrrvrtun was to .t Illt‘.tlll to
 :r vcrtctal education progrunt."
is trd \\ up: ill. “but

t

prrrlt'mrr.

The discontinuation of IIAP
follows the adoption of a gcner'ul
education program (core to
quiremeuts) which will begin in the
full of 1982.

According to Sclrwurt/ “There
are very few universities who
haven‘t moved back tort structured
program of study.“ The trend. he
explained, iii the majority oi
universities is the movement toward
It more structured core of study for
students.

The l I‘AI’ categories of t‘t‘<
IIIIilt'Illt‘lll‘» were ~.intrltrt' to the titles
tt'r|ttttcltlcttl

trow' irt the corr-

categories. I | .-\1’ students were

tritltj'.rlvrl trr t.‘.|-r‘ tr‘tll ms in all «h

trrtcr'orrcrc trrltnrv. of the past,
I am. Ir.t|ttt.rl

illt'lrtllllt' .rnrl int-s
kl"|l\'\'\. ~or'r.r1 '.r 'cn .ttul z rlrrr

 

Russian muior Nina (iarcvich felt
the professors were better teachers
and tile students more
motivated. "The classes ttrc wot-
thwlrilc and of better ututlity.‘

Sophomore (icoth Biliiillll said
"The smaller class si/c prrrridcd
more personal attention from pro-

\\i.'|LI

a

l'cssors.

‘arzasrssrwmsswmsssasmsmwwxwwywwse

WIRA -Swim Meet

Saturday, April 17, MAM-1PM
Sign Up For Events
(Coed Relays) 

school anc dental school weren‘t
built on tiruc and according to
schedule. ‘

“We‘d losctrll the funds,” Carter
reportedly said.

Powell said the administration
felt the matter was serious enough
It) warrant Carter's coming to the
meeting, which resulted in the
I-‘acttlty-Senate rcxcrsal of their sup-
port for the students.

However, Schachtcr claimed the
l-‘aculty-Scnatc didn't understand
the original proposal and just decid-
cd to change their minds when they
understood it. '

Although he felt that tile Unirer-
sity (\liillillislltllitltl may hate ptrt
pressure on the I-zrcully«Scuatc,
Schachtcr did not see that as it trut-

 

jor reason for the chrrrr 

Tire university has rrr~I establish-
ed a sub-committee to “MP. the 'slII‘
dcnt union problcrrr under the
guidance of US President Stephen
Sample. Schachtcr said.

Squire Hall itself has now been
left “in the hands of the construc-
tion company." Schachtcr «rid. ad-
ding that a wire fence ir.rr now been
constructed around the building to
prevent unuuthorired entry.

The building interior is now- being
torn down. Powell silill. although
no work has yet llcgtltt on the
building exterior.

The campus protests oI two mon-
ths ago have died down. Powell

said. adding that rrr- trrrruruction

has been disrupted.

Student Pursues Payment
Delayed By Gas Station

 

It) MIKIC ("ARM

William father. who was award
ed a total of $489.93 for damages
done to his arrtotrtobilc. claims he
has not received payment from the
defendant. Campus I-Zxxon.

l-‘arbcr said Itc received a letter
March 17 stating lltc amount owed.
and explaining if payment was not
received within one week. he
(Iiarber) could request compensa-
tion through the City Marshall.

When he did not receive pay-
nrcrrt. Farber. on the advice of SA
attorney Mark Mishler. asked the
City Marshall. Edmund Evcrsly. to
issue a property execution on
March 3|. for a fee of $10.00.

The property execution allows
Iivcrsley to request tltc payment
from Campus Exxon. and gires Irint
the legal authority to withdraw the
arrrotrrrt due from Exxotr's bank ac-
count. held in liankers Trust of
Albany.

According to Campus Iixxorr
ruztrnrgcr. Robert Ztrlick, the pro-
cess liarbcr has takctr is entirely tru-
ncccssary. “The check to Iiill
liarbcr Ittts been made otrt. bttt I
don‘t Irate art address to send it to.
If he would simply contact rue. I
will send lriur the turmey." said

/.trlick.

I-arbcr claims that Zullck hits his
address and telephone number from
the work order filled out on the cur.

lixxon has the option to appeal
the case. bttt Zulick said no appeal
was plartucd .

The conflict arose when I-‘urber
brought his car to Iixxon for repair.
I‘arbcr parked his car between the
Exxon station and Steak 'n Eggs

restaurant. The restaurant had the
cur towed because it was parked in
an illegal spot, of which I-‘arber said
he was not aware. Allegedly in the
process of towing. the driver‘s door
and window were damaged. »

Zulick brought the car back to his
garage from Uot‘s Garage. which
towed the car. costing him $50.00.
The car sat inside the Exxon station
for four days.

l-‘arber filed a suit against Cum-
ptrs Exxon. Dor's Garage. and
Steak 'n Eggs. Campus was held
liable for all damages.

Zulick disagrees with the deci-
sion. btrt said he will abide by the
ruling. l‘ttrbcr said he has _\et to
hear front Iixxou and is prcscutly
waiting for his property execution
to he sencd by City Marshall.

'I‘tcslcy.

 

 

 

 

Air."

.«ﬁ’ﬁﬁ'ﬁ'

so”

 ﬁgs

\\\\
w r»

     

        

ilc'rllt‘ti rt .r~ .rrt ilrillrlix prrrrztutrr. in ‘ a 5‘ f5???” ,4. “W. I
'-l..tri 1n - n,.t.-r tr ‘vitlllrll ulnnrlx litrw‘ »trr ir 'r’ Hot down 1“ Int 4' I  ,ﬁo we 2.: at at"!  I '~- fen “A r“ I.
rtlr  ..r  -t. -' rr r1 -1 .‘t \t'r ..l. in‘ ‘7 i‘   ' F. . ., u  .
w.r-. ermrtl'. rr‘rrr |r.rr.|." rlrwlrrlc.  
 .. . . .  «seam...  . ,.  . .__ . _,
' r , . my. 3m" ,;  3A.; »
 . ,r .- at Wt.» t: t "  ‘
,t’ln‘ls‘l'. r’  ri’t'lz’t/ w}( ' “6/3 m   i
w .w'  toting rm mm rm 'r’rrrrmrm I-rrc  t straws... m. muesli; ‘ . ti
 'r r “   r' ‘ ‘ " 'r’r‘ ; ., ll . '  t’Wesrz‘“ - H's .
r.t._l.t with witty. .rrrt intro. .r'l. l'itr|l|_ ..t .rrl gnu 1!   $231,; with it“ t“
.rri'. \rlrr'rrr"<'r 12w l’ti|r-.'l r. lllll‘rllt'ki. i!l}j.ilt‘t' rtr.rn
 '  -'  "r- io‘tr't't‘rn ~‘ r" ("t rt :rll . .‘ I.  I , H
| . \lilr..i [it rt,r. l. . . t .t r ; I} Hi. .3.“ my); h; Sign is.“ m Hutu" 3t rib: H I s
l '1 I y' r » ‘ ‘ - trim : m't. .‘rrrr‘tj‘l. r r1." v w  . rg‘  it ....'.t  -r ..r. _ ' .
is'Moive'mta'rxrWe:Msa't't'retm'r'(rumour:.u .2.vr‘vra.scarstisitrvrtétiﬁtu‘ri‘riw .shit/inter}Lari;-rstalking«rigihrihriéﬁ‘dé‘ik’i‘r'6?  f.

  
 

 

