    
 

an. man's—w... wags-w wit-.atwvhtet‘a

mt can.

. ms

  

 

 

E.o.....-.~........-.-.....-.-. ... ---. .. .
s
. ..- 0‘

.Hj.l

 

ASSISTANT
POSITIONS (5)

A VAILABLE FOR

NEXT mu.

- APPLICA TIUNS
A VAILABLE 1N PE 3-6.9

97s., r-rri \ .

...-¢-...-. --.--~-.t

AMA STUDENT

PHONE 457-5203

-APPLILL4’1’I()NS
DUE

.MAY 6th at 4PM-

 

 

 


ERESTED EV

INT

BUSINESS ADMEVISTRA-
TION AND ALLUUNTEV "
Eligible students intending to apply
to the undergraduate Business

Administration or Accounting Pro-
gram for the Spring 1983 semester
must submit an application for

admission to the School of Business
by 4:00 PM on Friday, June 4, 1982.

 

Applications for admission to the
Undergraduate Program in the
School of Business are now avail -
able in BA 361A and the Center'for
Undergraduate Education. —

APPLICATIONS MUST BE J
SUBMITTED IN PERSON

NO LATE APPLICATIONS WILL

 

 

 

 

 

BE ACCEPTED

 

 

I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ J‘ﬁﬁv—x—r-n—ﬁ—qw t r A"

 

ﬂew/mutual
Moan/[low

. W
W,WWWW. ~l
‘%Modewﬁaﬁmuof WW

 

 

 

 

.. “mm—N» “Wtur‘kmtAI-olwtvNWY-‘M‘ﬂw‘ ’ '

 

 

‘.1‘Jll‘tll§ :thrt 24‘: t.l.".'/ fl

 

 

H

Editors note: At about 4 p. m. on Thursday, April 22,
ah'ottt.75 people —— mostly students from a alliance of
Minority groups caller] the First World Coalition — staged
a relativa peaceful sit-in at the ASP offices. Production
was shut down for a little over five hours.

The protest centered around two pieces in the April
Fools' Issue —- one having to do with liltlt'lt' women singers
and‘another involved an injudieious remark by a Student
Association finance committee member.

While an agreement was reached after more than four
hours of negotiations, many doubts. questions, anxieties,
and even hostilities linger.

In an effort to flirt! out where things stand and where
they may end up in the future. ASI’ reporter Steve Gossel
conducted interviews with Cliff 'I'horton, a SUN YA
graduate student and principal spokesperson for thtr First
World Coalition, ASP Editor in Chief Dean Bet: and
SUN YA President Vincent Ultra/3v. ll"hile all three have
somewhat similar/r views on campus rat-ism. they ettelt offer
a different perspective on the sit-in. “

Cliff Thorton

0: Could yott dcscribc what is and what arc the purposes
of the first World Coalition?

A: The First World Coalition is an umbrella organitzation
of the minority student groups on campus. the Albany
State Univcrsily Black Alliancc (ASUllA). lhc l’an-
Carribcan Association. the Minority Task Force. liucrlla
Latina, and a number of fraternities. lhc objective is to
serve as an organimtional mcclianism to bring together thc
tlil'l‘crcnt organirations on campus and from that point ad-
drcss wltatcvcr issucs may be rclcvant to the group.

0: Prior to thc April I~‘ools‘ Issue. did you regard the
ASP as having racist tcndcncics?

A: i think it's not unfair to say that thc perception that
ASP as a white voice is in line with the objective conditions
on campus. tltcrc are 475-500 students on campus who
would be classified as black out ofa total population ofap-
proximately 16.000.

I don't think it‘s unfair to say that the coverage of
minorin issues docs not receive a grcat deal of play in tile
paper.

0: Do stereotypes and racism automatically go hand-in-
hand?

A: All stereotypes are obviously born out of ignorance or
distortion. In the case of a Fat Black Women Who Sing,
that stcrcotypc is born out of the perception of the Aunt
Jcminia figure of black women we have seen historically on
TV and through the media.

0: Do you regard as what you saw as the ASP's attitude
as rcllcctivc of the campus as a wltolc? ‘

A: I would bc guilty of stereotyping if i said cvosy white
student on campus thought like the editors ot‘ASP. But I
think lhcrc is a pcrccption of white students that is
developed in the same climate that the perceptions of tltc
ASP Editorial Board (arc). There is a certain dcgrce of
passive acceptance of those kinds of expressions of the
black reality.

0: Do you accept Prcsidcnt O'Lcary's explanation of
the Administration‘s lack of reaction to the April Fool's
issue saying that he had not read it previous to when it was
brought to your attention by your group?

A: i think that as president of thc university that hc
should have his pulse on much of what takes place on this
campus. I’lowcvcr, in a private meeting with him, he did
raise to a group of us that he saw the issue and that he saw a
reference to “slanty-cycd Japs" on thc cover. But he didn't
rcally pay any attention; he just passcd it by. ’

The question was raised to him. “Wcll, did you not
pcrccivc thc statcmcnt 'slauty-cycd .laps‘ as racist
stereotypical and should that generate some interest and he
admitted he was at fault for not having pursued that.

However, it is our belief that after three weeks had pass-
cd, we find it difficult to believe that he had not had some
indication of what was going on. O'Lcary. as a white per-
son, his positions are the same and that is that there is a
total lack of understanding ofthc concerns of black people.
His response is about what one would expect and that's
cvcn if you see it. so what?

0: Did you ever at any point complain or contact
anyone directly on the ASP Editorial Board to discuss the
April Fool’s issue?

A: There were letters sent to the editor . . .

0: By whom?

A: The only one I know of specifically was sent by the
vice—president of ASUBA. The day of the sit-in, a woman
named Bonnic (Campbell) called wanting to discuss ltcr lct-
tcr and the possible publication of that lcltcr. It's ridiculous
that someone would call. The letter was sent to he publish-
cd, so there was no reason to discuss (it).

Q: The $64 qucstion: Why a sit~in as opposed to a more
traditional roundtablc between the editors and the leaders
of the black groups.

A: We had dccidcd that the lcttcrs had clicitcd such
minimal rcsponsc . . .

Q: Lcttcr.

A: No. there was more than one letter. . ‘ _ ‘

0: Who ‘clsc wrote a'lctter?

15:: t-: I. :u 21;“: (not run :L:.: 7:12:03 :: 11-1: L121   :c'ttﬁ: tut 59:11 12:11.:
. , .... ... ~VI'1‘ ‘hV

message Speak Their Minds on ASP. Sit-in

 

 

ASP production room during the alteration of April 22

A: There were lcttcrs not only from black students but
from faculty and staff as wcll.

0: All of Ihcs'c letters you say \vcrc sent; none of them
were printcd'.’

A: Onc of lltctn was printed this last week (from Lavcrnc
Davis of tltc Minority Task Force). But it is important to
understand that we did not consider this an isolated inci-
dent. Wc considcrcd this a reflection of some systemic pro-
blems with ASP, and consequently we did not bclicvc that a
roundtablc discussion which might have brought a resolu-
tion to the immediate issue in terms of an apology. We did
not think that could emerge out of that roundtablc discus-
sion some policy changes that would prevent that situation
from developing in the future. So in order to insure
ourselves of the possibility of that. we thought that we
would need a stronger bargaining mechanism.

0: The sit-in poses an irony in that you are trying to
achieve fair treatment and the maximum amount of rights
for minorities. At the satnc titnc thc sit-in suppressed one of
the most fundamental rights. lhc First Amendment.

A: Would you claboratc on that?

Q: Suppression 0f the First Amendment to have guards
postcd to prevent I't'cc movement in the halls. Why did you
feel that was necessary?

A: Thosc guards wcrc thcrc to assure a non-violent
demonstration. They were there to gauge sentiments. to in-
tcrvcnc if ncccssary in any vcrbal allcrcations bclwccii ASP
and black students. They \vcrc not there to prevent move
ment.

0: But that.was thc result.

A: There wcrc pcoplc mming in and out of the ASP of-
ficc throughout the incident. 'l'hcy \vcrc also llt ~:'c to in-
form pcoplc exactly what was going on.

Q: You said that (thc agrccmcnt) was achieved in a non-
violent way. Ccrlainly that was truc. But wasn‘t thch a
potential for violence?

A: Ofco‘ursc. there was. but we had planned against that
possibility and our plans were succcssful.

0: Because of intimidation?

A: I don't think it was intimidation. I think it was a well-
planned activity.

0: People walked into the ASP newsroom and said.
"You have 30 seconds to leave or you have to stay.“ 30
seconds to leave what is csscntially privatc property. What
would you consider that? Docsn‘t an action like that have
some totalitarian ovcrtoncs perhaps?

A: This is a historical situation where the victim of op-
pression is often made to appear to be the perpetrator of
opprcsion.

In the case of thc sit-in. technically. we were perceived as
being violators of the law. But when a group responds to an
injustice, I think historically there have been allowances
made. given the legitimacy of that response, plus the scvcri~
ty of the injustice and we consider this action by ASP to be
totally antithetical to the psychological peace of black
students on this campus. We think we had a grcatcr right.
the question of human right.

0: And you don't think a solution could have been
aclticvcd in a more amicable way?

A: In retrospect, I suppose that one could always talk
about what might have bccn the better course of ﬁction.
given the conditions that existed at that moment. attd the
sentiment of that time and we standbyth course of action
that we took.

0: Do you think that this incident will hindcr or en-
courageminorilty involvement on the ASP?

A: Well. it was designed to be encouraging, but one

 

plinth: “III \urmunrl I's

 

uctcr knotss. lint we have at Icast made an effort in that
direction hccausc that was onc of lhc dctuands.

Q: llasc you gained or lost something in this whole.an-
tcr?

A: An oppressed people have nothing to lose cxccpt their
oppression wlicti they struggle. so I don't think we lost
anything. Wc have forced people who would rather not
dcal with opprcssion into a position of discomfort. Thc
failurc of \shitc and black students to interact revolves
around lhc failure of white students to wrcstlc with their

Dean Betz

Q: How legitimate overall do you think the gripes of the
coalition were?

A: The gripe that the kick issue was insensitive was
legitimate. and that some of the items were racist was true.
We didn't see them as racist whcn we wrote them. btlt in
fact they wcrc.

Q: Would you cotisidcr both examples that they made
(on a flier displaying two cxccrpls from the kick issue) to bc
racisl'.’

A: liat Black Women Who Sing is racist; I would agree
with that. I don't think “It's Rcally’fruc" was racist. but it
sct itself up to bc misinterpreted that way.

0: How could pcoplc pcrccivc somcthiug as actually bc-
ing truc if you havc it in the middle of a parody issue?

A: lisactly. That‘s a good point.

0: As for lhc sit-in. wcrc you informed in advance that it

‘ was going to takc placc?

A: We got a phone call. an anonymous leak that thch
was going to bc some kind of a sit-in.

Q: As far as lhc dcmands made by the First World Coali-
tion were concerned. d d the ASP scriously compromise
itscll'?

A: I don't think so. We didn't givc anything that we
hadn't seriously thouqu about in the days beforehand. We
had tltought about the whole issue.

0: Did the dcmands amount to an outside group cl'fcc-
tivcly dictating editorial policy? L

A: That's originally what their demands were. The in
tcrnship in thc Afro-American department, we could ncsc
do that. bccausc we don't do internships with any depart
mcnt. Nobody at the ASP rcccives crcdit. it's something
that we arc proud of. because we are totally divorced from
the university.

0: So you are saying that is not going to happen?

A: lfyou look at the demands and ifyou look at what we
agreed to, it's quite different from what they wanted. Thcy
backed off quite a bit.

0: What clsc did they want that they didn’t get?

A: A oncc-a-scmcstcr article. written about blacks' ex-
periences. contributions, etc., we already by far exceed
that. and by setting a quota on any kind of an article. we
would scriously compromise ourselves and we would never
agree to that. The most important thing they got was' a
front-page apology. We probably wouldn‘t have done that
if there hadn‘t been a sit-in. but there would have been an
apology. It's something we had been considering.

And this provision that should be put in the ASP cort-
stitution that the ASP shall not publish racial remarks, that
was another one that was going to dictate editorial policy.
If a racist speaker came to campus, we‘re going to publish
their remarks.

0: Has tltc ASP tried in the past to make a deliberate ef-

' "untrained rm page 7

'24 :-= tr.) resurgence” q:

 

