 

 

 

 
 
  
    
    
    

 

 

Presidential
 Assesments

 

 

 

P Mark Weprin

lf not for Mike Corso. Mark Weprln would have been our choice
for SAprestdent. He's got experience and enthusiasm. and he
believes In himself and his ability to Improve 5A. While Weprin is a
well qualified candidate for this position. there are certain qualin dif-
ferences between he and Corso which we could not ignore In our
decision.

Although we believe Weprln has the potential to be a strong
leader. his attitude concerning certain major Issues appears to us
somewhat naive In comparison to some other candidates. This was
combined with what we can only describe as a lack of gut determina-
tion that would have made his the stand-out choice Corso is. All
things considered. the Committee finds it is unable to endorse this
candidate for the office which he seeks.

Weprln's‘nalvety comes across when examining one attitude and
one platform essential to his campaign.

The attitude concerns the locus of his interview with the endorse-
ment committee where he dealt almost solely with issues that only
affect the SUNYA campus direct-
ly. By not branching out beyond
this. we feel Weprln missed many
important outside elements which
affect SUNYA students as well. It
Is our opinion that this attitude Is
not only naive when considering
the effects of all forces on
students. but is also an Indication
of Weprin's lack of conlldence In
the complete potential of students
to effect change beyond SUNYA
To summarize. Weprln gives the
impression that he looks at the
small picture. while missing the
greater and equally important pic-
ture beyond It.

The platform involves an essential proposal of Weprln — the in-
crease of student involvement In SA. Like many candidates in past
years. he voiced concerns about the cliques which many feel
develop in SA and the lack of new blood entering the organization
Weprin's major proposal to increase involvement is a plan to draw
the interest of incoming freshpersons during summer planning con-
ferences. While this is a viable means of conquering apathy toward
SA. it Is also his only truly concrete proposal on this matter Beyond
this. Weprin believes his own person ability to motivate is the most
important factor tliat could stimulate student Involvvinent Based on
past experience. the committee leels that the motivating ability of
one Is not nearly successful in this issue as is a series of well thought
out proposals We believe that Weprln is placing ton triucli welglit ‘
on his own motivational ability. ,

Although his views are mainly limited to campus. Weprtn does '
have some interesting ideas about the political role of SA "We ISA]
have to be political to teach the student." he said Further he insists
that SA has been "reactive rather than proactive" on issues Wepriri
is quite outspoken in his opposition to the‘ ROTC extension center
on the SUNYA campus which he has been actively fighting to
remove "l have always been appalled at the ROTC." he said “No
one actually believes that no discrimination goes on."

Although he said he considers the restructuring of the ()II
Campus Assoctation an important priority. Weprln has no serious
plans lor how he would go about doing this. He did say. however.
that he would like to see a student director for the Olgaltltﬂlltllt ~
currently OCA hires a professional. We see problems with lllL' tdua
of a student director. Since it's concerns are with off‘campus living.
OCA deals with the city and therefore professional people and their
relationship with students. it is our feeling that a professional director
would be needed to make the organication effective in the City
Overall. it Is dissappointing that Wepriii is unfamiliar with fltt’ off-
campus situation and this seems to be a further reflectrinn of his on~
campus emphasis

Nevertheless. Weprin is a strong candidate After threi' years in
the University Senate. he feels that he has built up some close con-
tacts with the administration — contacts which he believes would be

quite helpful if he were to be elected SA president. vaiin lit'ltCVL's
in being firm with the administration when it is riecssary “I don't
give up easily." he noted.

in our opinion. Weprin honestly wants what is best for SUNYA

However. to be able to tell what Is really best for SUNYA. he needs
a broader range of thinking and experience which goes bvyond the
campus.

Andy Weinstock

Of the three serious candidates for SA President wc found
ourselves most strongly opposed to Andy Wt-trtstut‘k for lltt‘ Itlllt't‘
He has few of the traits we find important for lltt‘ position

Weiristiick's platform Is loaded wttli ideas. birt wv doubt hv hm
the ability to use the presidential office to bring thi'sti tdvris to tt'dlili/
“U is not nearly as rthsttttftl of his ability as his ttjtptirrt'ttts. rttttl \\’ll|lt'
hr- hris cxpcrictit c in university activiiis ~- ht- prvsvntly 'st‘l\‘t“v Itli lltt'
UAS limird of l)|tt.‘t tor. u lit' doesn't ltitVt‘ thv li-nrli-iship us
pi-rtt'ticr' or tItIlIrtlIVt' shown by the lllltt't two criiiihdriti-s

l.|k(‘ tniist crinrlttltitus. Wr'ttistottk t'itvs luck of r oinniuiiicntiirn .is .i
problem of 5A Alin likc most of the candidates. ltt' nth-is lllt ’sttlitl
ways of rndtng this lot k of roiiiniuinititin

Wetnstock strongly opposi-e. thr- funding of .iilvrrr itt y groups "If
you fund our.- sltlt'. it'\ like funding a political party." lii' told us Ilia
iilturIi-ittvu Is In only fund activist groups Wltt‘li Ilit'rc ittt' tijijrtnifi'
sides of rill issue represented by SA groripi.

llls concept of advocacy group funding ts coirvolutr'd Adviir at y
groups. by definition. have no this to pollttt til prilllt's SA critinot
legally fund policiil parties His idea for funding tlii-w advocacy
groups can only lead to apolitical thinking and .rpulliy

He also feels that SA should not haveI too great of a political tirlt'
He believes that SA lUi-t's effectiveness by turning off people rrppris

  

by;

I s
photo: hurt-r Sirinhmp/l It‘s

 

 

 2a“ :  >    , - ALBANY"StavewcrﬁsssfsnesmuiseePrEMEun'APRIE‘ZOF'WBTC.11"... ' 

. —— ed to the stands SA may take. Again. his reasoning is faulty. SA. as I

part of Its duty to represent students. must take political stands. We 
are not an isolated island. divided from the outside world. We can't
hide from the world. so we must protect our interests. That‘s'what
SA's political role really is. ' L '
Wetnstock also has over 6m-
bitious expectations for the job.
He has many Ideas —- many good
ideas — but he lacks the ability
and,the ambition to carry them
out. He doesn't recognize the
limitations of the office. and really
doesn't concieve how far he can
go as president to meet his goals.

  

pturttir Witt Vrirrrrrrrr/UPH

Mark Grieb

Mark Grieb‘s biggest Interest seems to be apathy. As a matter of
fact. his only issue is apathy. He feels that Student Association has
lost touch with the students. and wants to replace what he sees as
SA‘s devisivness with "unity." However. he presents his ideas In
such an outrageous manner that it is impossible to take him serious-

Grieb. or “Mad Dog" as he prefers to be called, is running an Issue
campaign. He really doesn't want to be elected. but he says'he's
running his campaign in order to keep his issue — student apathy ——
alive It's good that he doesn't want to be elected. because Grieb
really doesn't know the first thing about SA. He would be a horrible
president.

The problem with his campaign is that he never made clear — un-
til very recently — that be Is not a serious candidate. He presented
himself as a serious candidate. and people took him seriously. in all
this seriousness. Grieb forgot to push his IssUe.

issue campaigns can serve an important role. but candidates run-
ning only to raise issues must
always keep in mind that they‘re
selling their issue and not their
candidacy.

Grieb's issue is an Improtant
one. but his way of promoting It is
ineffective Student apathy is like
weather for SA executive can-
didates: everybody talks about it
but no one does anything about
It. You can't make students get In-
volved iti their student govern-
ment by “raising hell." Students
become interested In SA when
they recognize that SA plays an
important part in their university.
and that they play an important
part in SA ,

Your vote for SA president is better placed In a serious candidate.
one that knows all the issties and plans to work.on all the issues. not
just student apathy

Vice Presidential
Assesment

phirtir: Laun- nestles/UPS

 

 

 

 

Lori Peppe

Lori l'U[)[)tE has already served a month and (I half as SA Vice
president This gives her an advantage over her opponent for the of-
fice of vice president l’eppv already knows the job of SA vice presi»
dent. and says she can use tltt.‘ summer workitig on her ideas instead
of just learning the ropes

The problem is that l’eppe hasn't shown a lot for the time she has
spent In office Part iif this may be ducI to her not understanding
what the job Is all about She says that much of her time has been
spent learning SA's audiovisual equipment It seems like she has
been spending time tiirttitig knobs instead of performing the job of
Vice president.

Peppe believes that communications is important to SA We
rlgltit‘. hut we didn't see Peppe as an effective communicator She
had a difficult time putting her ideas across to us At ttmes lti our lti‘
turvruw he had to press her to get a solid answer If she is going to
promote rrinirnuntcattons. sht- should first become a cortitriiirilcaior

l'cppi- did have solid l(lt'rt§ for SA Shc advncatr-s a professional
tlitt‘tltil of Off-Campus Assiicin
lion and rr'cognilus llIt' (hf
fii'ultii's in invigttig ()(‘A wrtli thv
riiliiiinistirition's ()lf (‘rirnpus
lliitrsiiig ()lflt't’

SlitI also had sotiir' ttlt‘it‘r lttf SA
that write not thought ritit .iiid
\wrt- hrid .‘iltr- ltt'llt‘\‘l“~ tli.tt SA
should \lrtitt'lttiw lirlliiltl t‘ lltt‘
political \‘it'\L”r of Illt' groups it
funds lliiw slit- tntt-ndt-il In tll)
this unit. rtlillllilttlHt‘». litit lllt' gonl
ttwlf to .r had one SA sliritilil
hndgi-I groups [It tll) wlrnt tlwy
Wrtltl to do if .i group It! |tt'it]lli' , ' . r
form to hc .r "(‘orilittrin .igruim
litilllrogs." 31A should not try lti
"brilriiit i"' this group“. Iir-Iii'ls hy lt tit'illt] it to heroine it "(‘orilitiriii on
litillliogs " l‘cppt- .ilsii iiiiifiist'rl Ihc issuvs of itilVltt'ilt‘V group fun
ding and Student Assiu'litfiliti". jitllilli .il Itllt‘

Liki' most of the otlicr tandtdritr-s. l’uppr- stii'swd lllt' ||tt|tttllrtltt c
of rufvrvudurris iii SA's dvcisiuii making l.tkc most of NW ttllit't ('rtli'
tltdrrtus, she didn't liitVt' any i out wit! idem. on how this tiitglit ht- .ic
crrniplitilit'd It's our thing to truth onto a popular lllt'tl and claim it

 

. til ' I. ' .
ptiuto: Mtirt'IIr-irsttii-Ir it's

for yourself: and It's another thing to turn that idea Into divorkable
policy. - '

' The time Peppe has spent in office has given her some tnstght'tnto
the duties of the vice president and has given her a‘famliiarity with
some issues that she didn‘t have before taking office. It's unfortunate
that she hasn't shown much progress toward the Issues that she says
interest her.

Lori Peppe lacks the energy and enthusiasm necessary to reach
what goals she has set. Our endorsement goes to the candidate we
feel will do the best job. In February's replacement election we en-
dorsed Lori. but in this election we feel she Is not the best candidate
for the job.

 

 

 

Refer-coda

 

 

 

Referendum 1 - NYPIRG

In 1974. NYPIRG's Albany chapter started receiving $2 per
student per semester from the student tax. Since then. NYPIRG
has proven to be one of the most active and most successful
groups on the campus and in the state. i-

The New York Public Interest Research Group is a student sup
ported and directed research and advocacy organization that gives
students the opportunity to hone citizenship skills while effecting
social change.

NYPIRG was a member of the suit that gained students In

I Albany County the right to vote. NYPIRG‘s lobbyists at the State

Capitol have won many Important victories for students as well as
many under-represented people throughout the state. These vic-
tories include decrlminalization of marijuana. truth in testing law.
and the generic drug law. Legal reforms such as those could not
have been accomplished without the long hours put In by
NYPIRG's active lobbying staff.

However. inflation has hit NYPIRG just as much as everyone
else. The group's Income from students hasn't changed since the
organization just began and they need more money to keep up
the work. NYPIRG currently receives $2 per semester per stuv
dent: the referendum would raise that to $3 per students per
semester, The student tax would be raised $1 per semester In
order to fund the raise.

NYPIRG‘s record in acting in the public Interest Is admirable. A
"yes" vote on Referendum 1 will allow one of the most activo
voices for safe energy. clean air. higher educaston. consumer
rights and students rights In New York State to continua Its work,
We strongly urge you to do so.

Referendum 2 - Freeze

The past year has probably seen more concern over nuclear
war than anytime since the "Ban the Bomb" days of the 1050‘s
There have been huge demonstrations against the nuclear arms
buildup in North America. Western fiurope and Eastern Europe
Public opinion polls show that unprecedented numbers of people
are worried about nuclear war. And rightly so. There are more
nuclear arms pointed at targets across the globe than ever below

This fact. coupled with the Reagan administration's increasingly
inflammatory nuclear rhetoric and plans to nearly double the ex-
isting number of US. nuclear warheads has brought us closer to
nuclear war than we've been sincv the Cuban Missile Crisis

Willi the United Nations plannitig a Second Special Session on
Disarmament In .June. people all over the [1.5 havu been
organizing to spread the word of arms redirtions People are
recognizing that the insanity of the arms race iiittst end. or ulst-
we will surely end the human race

This anti-nuclear movement has reached Albany State. in the
foiiri of Resolution 2. This resolution reads.

“In order to entrance our security. the students of the State
University of New York at Albany do hereby Urge the New York
Congressional Delegation to call upon the Executive Branch of
the US. Government to negotiate with the Soviet Union an Itri-
mediate. miitiiai U.S./Soviet halt to the nuclear arms racr- Wv
further urge the Administration to negotiate permanent
U.S./Sovict freeze oti nuclear weapon .is ri necessary first stop
toward reductions in the nuclear arsenals of both nations "

It‘s time for the people of this planet to tell our governments to
end this insanity. This resolution Is a small but Important sit-p in
this effort. The more each of its toll out li-r‘idurs to work toward
peace. not war. the more likely they are to stop this dangerous
arms build~iip

A "yes" vote for this iefvrenduin is .i vote for rationality. and a
vote against war We hope you do so

 

Texts'of Presidential
Candidates’ Statements

 

 

Corso

My itdtiit' is Mike Corso illltl l'in lilttttl. Sonic llt'ttlllt‘
lliiiili I can't do the job hocntist- of It l’tuiplt- wliii ii.rvc
donc llti.‘ jtil) say I can. I know I crui Sonic pr-iiplt' lllllll\ l
have wrnctliing to provv 'l'lit'V'lt' right. I t!” | \Uillll tii

>t'utitt‘nur'd on (in

 

VOTE
Bring your tax
card and ID

   

.... . . . . - » .,.. . .. . w - n .. we...“ ﬂwx- cv-z. .."n 

ALBANY‘STUDENT PRESS ’EILEG’IIION’SUPPEEMEN‘I‘FAPFIIL‘QO.’1'9821‘1 If» r . 3a

bcontlrru'e'd from 20
rrove that I'm the best person for the job.

I have an advantage. Out of necessity I have always
worked closely with others. Open lines of communication
throughout an organization are imperative. SA has lacked
that quality lT1 the past, SA requires a team effort. There
are two major reasons for emphasizing teamwork. The first

I is. of course. effectiveness. The second Is efficiency.

Effectiveness Is crucial to the implementation of ideas. If
SA's officials can't effectively communicate between
themselves. how then. can they communicate with their

'fellow students? Without student Input and participation

any ideas andor programs expressed by myself or others
are useless.

Efficiency refers to the best use of time. energy. and
resources with the least amount of duplication and waste.
Although it Is Important for each person to do hislier own
job. It is equally important that that job not be done alone.
Nobody should be working by themselves. Students need
to know that even In times of crisis. the job will still get
done.

With student input I plan to implement: more program-
ming for Off-Campus students. revamping of TA training
process. 24 hour access to banking. notification of all
holds on records. and improvement of University Safety. I
believe I can carry out these plans due to my experience
on campus. I have been Chair of Central Council
Academics Committee. Telethon On Campus Chair. Presi-
dent of University Action for The Disabled. created the TA
Restructuring Committee. and a Middle Earth Counselor;

amongst other positions I have held.

As Is by now evident. I feel students should play a ma-
jor role In shaping the university. We should take respon-
sibility for the direction of our education. The ideas I have
expressed here will help foster a better university com-
munity. The keys remain Involvement and communica-
tion. With extensive participation my ideas as well as '
others can be Implemented to enhance an individual's
educational experience. in my mind this Is the essence of
student government.

Weprin

For a long time now people have been complaining
about apathy on this campus. It was once said that “there
are no apathetic people just apathetic leaders" and to an
extent I agree with this statement. I am really getting sick
and tired of the "If people don't want to get involved.
screw 'em" attitude that has been apparent In S.A. over
the past few years. I don't think apathy is the real pro-
blem. S,A.'s problems stein frorn within The people iii-
volved In student government and student groups have to
feel that they are a serious part of what is going on in S.A.
if the people involved in student governement don't feel
that what they are doing is gratifying they are going to get
fed up with S.A. How can we scream and yell about
students being apathetic whenga lot of people inside 5A
are apathetic themselves. The SA. President has to keep
close contact with what the people in SA. are doing. The
same holds true for student groups. Althouin SA has
done a good job overseeing the student groups. they
haven't taken the time to keep in touch with exactly what
they're doing and what problems they are having.

As President. I will work closer with the student groups
and the Director of Student Programming. I will keep in
close contact with the students on Central Council.
Senate. and on other committees to find out what they are
doing and what they would like to do.

Over the past few years. SA. has had a tendency in bi-
"reactive" as opposed'to "pro-active". It has waited for
problems (like students almost losing their Senate seats last
year) to come along before it will do something about it.
We should not always be on the defensive We must start
changing the things that can be improved on campus
Status quo is not always the best way There are a lot of
problems In registration. athletics. UAS. and especially in
academics. that we should be working on and not putting
aside.

In my three years (if SUNYA I have been heavily Involv-
ed with SA. and other University activities. I have been
on Senate. Central Council. I was Vicei’iesidcnt of the
Class of '83. I am an R A.. and l was an Orii'ntation
Assistant last summer in which day taught Illt' .ill aspects
of thc llnivi'rsity l thtiik it is rniportritii that l have .i
(lIVUtSL‘ involvement .it SUNYA ’l‘orr oftcn S.A liiis wink-
ed rigriinst lh-sidvntiiil l.ilt'. thc Classes. and tithci
organizations llihlt‘dtl oi working with llit’t'it

lfvi-l. If I am t'lt't'lt'tl I will giiidi- S A in tlic tlllt‘t tion it
has to go. Wu must i‘liititth‘ S A 's iiiingi' III thc Iiiilttls of
lltl’ students: light to tliilll‘lt' things whcn llii‘tt‘  .i pro
bli'ni. rind in.ikc H A. liltiii' .icccssililc thnn i'Vt't htvliric A
Wt’piiii Adiniinstmtiun \till .iiciiiuplish this huge viiu ti»
\'llltl flit titt‘. lVlrile \\"cpiiii. for S r\ l'lt"rlllt'|tl

Weinstock

This past ycnr Studcnt Assurintinii |i.i-. ltt'i‘ii iltllt‘tl III In
tui'nnl (Ioiiflict t|lttltilltiii> nf iiiiiiitiiiiiii wngc. stipi'nd
policy. and policy icvistoii have ii-plnccd lllt' post i lllltt'lll‘r
«if ltirpriiviiig studvnt services. widr'ning rttrttlt'lillt' i lltilt t'
and political rtt'llVllrIiI

'l'lils your Studcril Association has tllit'ilrlltltl stink-rite. Iiv
Itttl Iitotivntiiig thviri to participate In titvrintnglul changi-

 

 

 

\f-‘tt 

 

on campus. I say there's got to be a better way.

The first step towards getting students Involved Is to In-
form them of the Issues, This can't be done by waving a
piece of paper at them as they walk throngh the Campus
Center. It must be done by taking the issues door to door.
Mechanisms already in place must also be utilized. This
year S.A. didn't attend one quad board. dorm or RA
meeting. Referendums serve the dual purpose of gauging
student opinion and Informing students of the Issues at
hand. Lastly SA. should work with students who are tak-
Ing classes that require school or community service. (ie
RCO 209. Political Science Independent Study and SSW
290 - community service). Only In this way can we
organize students to protect their own interest.

You can't improve academics on this campus by paying
lip service to different Ideals. lmproverrient can only be
achieved throuin hard work on pragmatic ideals. for in-
stance career planning should be used in conjunction with
advisement. In other words. "What alternatives are
available if I choose this major?" To Improve advisement.
three hour advisement seminars for professors should be
set up. C U.E. could teach professors how to better advise
students. while department chairs and senate resolutions
urge faculty members to attend. Lastly three days to one
week of TA. training should be Implemented This should
be along the Syracuse model where T.A.'s are filmed.
reviewed. and evaluated. SA. must take the lead in active
change In academics on this campus.

SA. can’t expect the administration to widen student
services, Central Council representatives must take art acv
tive role in new projects, These projects are not Institutud
at central council meetings. but rather through meetings.
phone calls. and research. To gain new ideas 5 A. should
have forums on the quads where students are invited to
voice their concerns. Next year I propose that we alleviate
the problems of students on Alumni. who must come up-
town to do their copying. by putting a Xerox machine on
Alumni. Furthermore. i feel this campus needs a ticketron
in the contact office. O.C.A. should ftrlfill diverse iii-eds of
oil-campus students by putting on social activities (to. a
block party). Other student service ideas that I have iii-
clude a tampon machine in the ladies bathrooms (they
were removed three years ago). and pizza delivery from
the sub shops. I feel my experience uniquely qualifies me
to achieve these goals

My U.A.S. experience has enabled me to improve Stu»
dent Services. I worked to get liquor specials which will
take effect this fall. As chair of the U.A.S programming
committee. protecting all students. money was given to
Martin Luther King Day and Black Wontt'n's Week as well
as to Telethon which sharply contrasts with this years
finance committee Additionally I worked for a "No" vote
on a board rate increase My work on the SA Supreme
Court and Student Conduct Committee helped guarantee
that students had a fail chance. Mott-over. as a member of
A.M.| A Council I trlll an A (.T.V.l tournament and I am
Ctr-coordinator of the 4th Annual Molson (‘liallr-ngi’ (Top
Last year ('HII~'8]) as .r member of l'lttr’tllft’ (.‘oinnrttim- I
worked to insurc that thc studcni tax dollar was well-spurt.
Can S.A say tlitI srimi- this year? In .idditiun In thr-sc. my
experience includes Quad lionrd. lili-ction Commission
and Class of '84 Council lixpi-riuncc. ldcas. rind Ac
cuniplisliments are what niakvs me thc best candidate

Grieb

Hello. my tirinic is Mark "Mad Dog" Grit'l). .iiid I am
running for Student Association l'lt'SKlt’ttl If you would
permit me a moment of your timc. I would lllii' to shine
with you the reasons why I am running

I'm running for S.A President because this university is
a far cry from what it should ho. Albany State is boring as
ltl'lf. and nobody is doing .i thing about it! Well. l'\'t' had
enough! I've got to do something anything. about it' I
don't care what it takes. I don't t‘riri- how much work I'm
going to have to do and I don't give a (Iriiiinnt how
much it's going to cost. this IitiItIL'rSilt' Is going to rock iii-xi
your!

What will it take to iiiakc thy students Iii-ri- at Albany
wall/u that rill Ilic studcnts. everyone from thirstI living on
Alumni Quad rtittl off campus (ftlttlti In the S A l’rt'sidr-nt.
inrikv up .i wry powi'rful student body which can do
many things" Would bringing iii lllt' limit-h liiiys At‘lit‘,
RN) or Iln' liiiss Ioi .in outdoors (Ulltt'll for hornr'ciiniiiig
or Mriyfcst dii Il' ll yi's. llii'll l sriy l.l"f"b lit) Ill lsii't
Albany .i major Iiiil\’t‘.~ril\,l"' 'I'licii Allirtllt,‘ dust-inn. litrtjili
l'lll\'tlriILlltlt‘lll I.i't'~. got it' lyi'». do ll Mitt"

\k'licrc's Alluring school spit i ' Wlmt will If t.il;c tit link
tuititi‘ ‘»|tII|I iitlti llil‘. s. llliill" i don't t'.ti-' \\‘lirtl Il lrtlii".
\\l|rllt‘\'\'l II c» li-t". tll‘ il' l \t'll :I tic l|.I\t‘ to r i. .it.- .r
‘rt’littlil iiv.iilv rtllil tlici. «iii .iiiil I.Ittl llti'li innipn. I i't's
flit itl

You wi' niy lttt'litl‘~ flit-r trilltlltlrilt' i‘~ hi! .i. lltili this
Irtlltllil-tli' r». lIII ‘i|illil lltl‘. -‘.iiiilid.iI« I‘ fill .i illtlll'tl
it‘llt"il\i' ‘rlllilt'lil liiuh.‘ lit sliiiii l iii ltii 'r\.'\"i'llll.\'l I fill]
r\l'.-\llfi"" '

('rirrij-.i..ni l'tiriinsri

l'iii litif Ittiililt |l| i‘liil llit‘ \|.it III I l ‘uilindui I'm not git
mg to l‘Iilitl down llit‘ tilit’lilltlir\.’|||t'll! |.tli'. littl will I do
itllytliing rtltlilll l’ii'sttlr-iit licmjnn'» IItlIt Illtill‘i liudgr't
tlt'litlh My only prniiiisc in that .it llit' |'llll of llit' Ut'rti .is
your l'ivsiilcnt. fliitr c.iinpu~. will probably still be standing!

 . ‘i-...r..u.-.«_s ~-

 

Texts of Vice Presidential
Candidates’ Statements

 

 

 

 

,. _._1§...‘,..u. 

LaPorta ’ '

As with any political candidate. l have thought over the
position as vice president very carefully. Upon summation.
I believe I am the best qualified person to fulfill the respon-
sibilities By successfully combining my current experiences
as State Quad Board President and past Vice President I
hope to make the position not just a coordinator. but an
initiator too
I feel I have enough knowledge in making budgets work I
not only because of Quad Board. but also as an assistant
to the manager wof a gift shop. 1 think I have the
knowledgc that is essential to the SA budgetary systvni.
Moreover, I. too. out a student and how the Sitntt‘ con
cerns as you in regards to many .icadvmic ])t)ll(’ti“a. social
concerns. and most importantly lack lll Slittlt'tll spirit '
ln ordur to get a full pictui‘i' of more of llil' SllHlL'lIl conv
cums. I would like to mini a poll of you llit' students and
see exactly where thc priorities lie I would also like in
work cluson with the (litvcttn of studi'nt prrigiainrning in
extending the group fair to a two day affair. iticriftising
group exposure by having such things as group days in the
rat. and basically increasing strident await-truss of thc
t‘ttttttt‘tritts opportunities on this campus,
I would also like to review the existing policies and en-
sure that each group is being treated fairly. and if not I
would lil(t' to work on changing the existing polilcics and
enforcing them such that each group is printed equally.
I am willing to dedicate myself to the position and com-
mit mysqu totally. I feel I can offer enthusiasm. open-
mindi'dncss. accusstbiltty and loyalty to SA to make the
Vit't‘ l’rosidi-ncy an innovative position However, in order
to do so. you must \‘Uli' on April 20. 2]. 22 Ann Marie
Lit l’nrtn for I will be working for YOU' .1.
'Peppe
As many of you are .nvaru of. my curivnt role in Stu-
dvnt Association is that of vice-president My reasons for 1
running fin rv-clcctirrn are based on the fact that I love the
job
I'm llit‘ past two months | liavrI learned a grunt deal
about the vicc-pr'ustdcnt's job and how 5 A executive .
branch works I llrl\‘(' worked with the finances of SA . ‘
learned the system that was usvd as well as working
towards changing many of the problem areas found Being
office manager. it was necessary to learn how “10 S A
and Conrail ()ffiros ritt' run, and iron out airy problems
that arose thcn- 'l‘ht' \’It’t'~|)tt’5ltlt‘tt'l also ovuiscos the coni-
pitgrapliic tillii't'. lt-gril services and thr- FLA Audio Visual
and lighting svstr'ins Working wrth those offices I have
found their strong points and weak points S A Audio
Visual itiitl lighting is necessary to learn about. since the
\dL‘U'I‘ilt'SlClt'ill is ultimately responsible for it With no
tcchnicnl background ltt’ltii‘itl me. I had to learn the
names of the equipment as well as its purpose and what
equipment is nr-cdvrl to impron our system This is
nccvssnrv til order to avoid unnecessary t-xpcnscs The ex-
puriuncc l'ic had with lllt’St' areas would hr' UNIIL‘IITt‘ly
helpful with making next your run smoother
Some of lllt' things 1 have been working on during my
term are t’lt't'lltlii rr-gul.’itions revisions teaching assistants
training program. the budget. Stillt'ilrtl'ttlis policy and OCA
revisions 'l he budget is top priority II) S A right now The
budget for Student Association ilsclf has many changcs
from this yt-ars budget. iiiiiktng it easier to work with and
moii' ic.ilistic It is .i step towards better control of SA's
morn-y ()(7A was a project started runny tiincs this yt-ai
with now piobli-ms .uising with each revision I ltri\‘t‘ bcvn
studying tliv filr-s ttll offecnmpus lilt.’ and lii)|)t' to finish my
plans for I‘t'\’l~iltitt soon. My main accomplishini'nts wcie
dealing with Ihc tinnnccs of SA: examining wlmt illt'
nect-ssritv twin-mus illltl striving rill the di tct tn'r- \Vttili
bchtnd ltirl‘lil‘ulli i'xpi-iiws It is .i lltiii’ consiiiinnii piri. vss
which hm I i by tltlllt' during regular l‘itSiiti'vi litilll". which
is .i Illiill” tiiihlltllltl
l'ln- illtt‘v' \.ilit.tlili' things l'w' li'iitlit'tl .rrr' lllt’ Iritr'itml
pttlltlt‘tii" tlint r'xtst \t‘iili llit' rilflt't't‘i such .is luck of .‘ivin
Ilililiit.tlilt|l llirl\\‘ iii.iiiv ltlt'rh till fruit I Iliiiilt HA :-liiiirld
iiiii llii'lit‘lrr iny t'xpcin-iiics limit this yi-ni nill priivc In
by .r big .issr't to Ilit' tiltlrttll/rtlltrll
l'ltilt‘t Is In by \\llll\t'tl on liit'ltlili' lt'ililjlill lit't‘i ritl\'I\r'
liii'ttl pinginni. t’\|I\'|lIlIt’Iili|l ciillvgc .nid t‘\.t|tt politics I
would lllu' to we lllt‘li' iillll.‘~lliiiil of tl'lllliil t'i‘ii'h ll (i c .i
Hitttliltt‘l li'gislritn'c lttrilit it) with iIiI it'ri‘it'tl strident iicn
points «III twink» H A tlt’.ll‘i With This suiiinici instead til
li'.rinttig tln' |oli. ltt‘tlltl work on tlit'si' protects
My lilittli nursiins for running rtlt' lit-«.tiisv l lU\'t' lllt‘ it‘ll.
lciijiiy bt'tiig ili\'ttl\'i'tl .itid l lll(t' working for Iltc’ llt'llt‘lil til
frliitlr'tih
Sir icnwiiilivi to \‘Ull’ for Lt)“ l’vppo for SA Vicc
l'tt'Sitlt’Iil on Apiil 20. L31. 1213 Bring your tax cards rliltl
ll). . . . . . .

 

 
   
 

‘ .  M

  

