 

wwuﬂwtnrumWMw-m

 

F ,,.— ,.-....r r _. .a, r. . .

ALEA_NY. sru‘o'ENr'

‘ “but. r'

PRES S

    

S

     

' Dane’E‘ Poured on inTUttion Loss

By MARC SCHWARZ

I I it was a  day for baseball

at University field Tuesday: sunny.
65-70 degrees. a slight breeze. But it

poured on the Albany baseball team _

as they dropped a doubleheader to
Union. 6-5 and 16-6.

The Danes were leading the ﬁrst
game 5-2 entering the bottom of the
sixth on the strength of l'our hit pit-
ching by Ron Massaroni and two
run-producing hits by shortstop
Bruce Row/lands. when the dark
storm clouds appeared.

With one out. Union scored three
runs with the aid of three Dane er-
rors and a hit-by-pitch to tie the
score at 5-5. Union was the home
team for the first game because it

was a makeup ‘of a snowont earlier.

Union pitcher Paul MeGrath

retired Albany in order in the top of
the seventh. Dutchmen first

' baseman-Joe Clinton led off the

bottom half of the inning and sailed
a 3-2 pitch over the left field fence
for a game winning home run.

Coach Mark Collins was very
frustrated by the loss. "Three of
our last four losses have occttrred iii
the last inning,“ said’Collins. “We
played very lackadasical in the sixth
inning. We gave tip three runs on
poor fielding. There's no excuse for
that."

Albany built their 5-2 lead by
scoring once in each of the ﬁrst five
innings. A Rowlands double drove
in Jerry Rosen in the ﬁrst. Rosen
had tripled preceding Rowlands‘
hit. Toni Verde walked to lead off
the second inning. Alter stealing se-
cond and moving to third on an er-

 

at getting the job done right.

sports editor:

sional. "

I ed. He tells it like it is. "

   

tion.

 23.3 OFMACY’S. com;

TONIGHT

 

hwm-m. __ _

A Real Kuhn Artist

For three full years. Larry Kahn has graced the ASP Sports section
with his pen. Larry began writing sports for the paper in the beginning
of his sophomore year, the'n served as Associate Sports Editor in his
junior year and ﬁnally became the Sports Editor in his senior year.

Larry is a quiet unassuming sort who rarely made noise during the
frustrating hours spent on lortg production nights. He just had a knack

As a writer. Larry produced many fine stories about Albany sports.
But his care transcended the art of sports coverage for Larry is not on-
ly a fine writer. he is a very dedicated Great Dane fan.

Here is what two Great Dane coaches had to say about the departing

>Atliletic Director and vursi/y football coach Robert Ford: "He
falls title a long line ofsportx editors wjto have been extremely in-

terested in the athletic program, extremely easy to get along Willi and
L sensitive to a Division III collegiate program. He's a great profes-

' >Baxkelball coat/r Die/r Sorters: "Lrlrry'r a really good sports
‘ editor. He 's'frlir and accurate and (lid not try to glorify what happen-

tradi-

So Larry. here’s a little tribute. We hope to uphold the fine

.11 CENTER 1—2

459-2170

PECIAL MIDNIGHT SHOWS
s.
SATURDAY 9N Ly

1(entucky Fried Movie

Showing at Center ,2 '.

 

 

  

 

adiffqrcnt
set of jaws. a.
Showing at _Center_ 1 

R

 

 

ror by Union catcher Ed Morltirty _

on the throw. he scored on a
sacrifice fly to center by Rich'
Wander.

Leadoff walks were responsible
for Albany‘s last three runs. In the
third. lead-off hitter Hugh Davis
walked. moved to second on a wild
pitch and finally scored oit Roscn‘s
sacrifice fly to right. It was Rosen‘s
31st R111 of the year. 'l‘liird
baseman Bob Conklin walked
opening up the fourth. The next
batter. Verde. drove hint iti with a
double. Verde oats threc-l‘or-four
for the two games with three walks.
three runs scored and two RBl's.
Davis ﬁnished the Danes scoring iii
the 11th by stealing second after
walking. Rowlands drove liirii in
with his second hit of the game. a
single.

  
 

s.

0118 MAY.7' 1982

- Union scored their first two runs
off Massaronl 1n the first on a two-
run homer by Andy Dreher.
McGrath. who went the distance.
was credited with his ..third win
against two losses.

The Danes never had a chance in
the night cap. Union sent 15 men to
the plate. scoring 10 runs in the top
of the first. Starting pitcher Bernie
Sullivan gave tip a lead off single
ttitd walked the next two batters to
load up the bases. Sullivan looked
as if he would settle down as he
struck out Drchcr on a curve. but
.loe Wood lined a single scoring two
runs. After two more singles.
Sullivan was lifted: he was charged
with six runs. Willie Guerra pitched
to the next three batters giving tip a
dotible and two singles before being
replaced. Collins brought in Mike
Gunman.

After walking the first two bat-
ters Gartnian settled down until the
fifth inning. An error by Conklin
on the lead off hitter. his second of

Local Campground

Now accepting reservatlons for

overnight camping for
graduation weekend,

 

Robert Service-l

 

) ' Thai: 1 met elm that dou'tft't in.
. . A mu that ain't my trill;
. So I bunk tlu hearts o/lt'th and Hit,
t ‘ And I mitt III: world in will.

The Men That Don‘t Fit In

 

 

  
   
 
  

A‘AAAAA--- _ _

 

3.“

 

 

 

TheiBlack Sheep of
Canadian Liquors. r

A one hundred proof potency that simmers
just below the surfacé.Yet, it’s so smooth and -
flavorFul. it’s unlike any Canadan liquor ou l
have ever tasted. Straight, mixed, or on t e ' A

~ I rocks, Yukon jack is trul a black
v I" sheep. A spitit unto itse f.

. i
7 . V i
  \itkonlack. i -

 Wastes?“  

 

l

the game. ignited a four-run'burst
for the Dutchmen. Gartman left the
game with no outs in the sixth with

"it pulled muscle in his elbow after

giving up his second consecutive tri-
ple. Glenn Bradbury came in and
ﬁnished the game [pr the Danes.

offensively the Danes were
limited to eight hits by southpaw
Dave Packer who won his first
game of the year. Second baseman
Frank Rivera led the Danes with
three hits. a double and two singles
and he drove in three runs. Albany
threatened to come back in the
game in the fifth. Down 14-2. the
Danes scored three and had a man
on when pro prospect. ccnterficlder
Mike Saccocio stifled the threat
with a beautiful diving catch of a
Rich Wander line drive.

“The team wasn't happy with the
way tlic-team has played." said Col-
lins. “Sure the first game took a lit-
tle wind out of our sails. But that’s
no excuse for the way we perform-
ed."

Helderberg Family
Campground

889-7539
372-2106

ii

1‘ it)
I

\ i“

it“

‘A‘AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA‘AAAAAA- _A_ _ _ _ _ _

 

   

ALBANY STUDENT Pnéss  MAY 7. 1982

By LARRY KAHN

 

After four years of watching Albany sports (and fotir
Mooseheads) l’m finally ready to write my lead. The rest of
this story has been written for hours. it was easy. Four
years of Great Dane sports has left rtie with a lot of fond
memories. But the lead has to capture my sentiments after
following the Great Danes closer l'or two years. first as the
associate sports editor and the last year as the sports editor.
1 find it hard to say goodbye. That's why it has bccn so
hard to write this lead. I just dori'i want to leave all this
behind me. We become addicted to Albany sports, Divsion
111 and all. l've met a lot ot’grerit people. at the ASP and in
the sports community. and the only thing 1 can think.
although its seldom said is. l'm proud to be a Great Dane.
August 27. 1978: l arrive. 1 also get my first disappointment
with sports at Albany ——- we don‘t get channel nine on TV.
No Mets on the tube. Damn.

November 4. I978: l've only caught glimpses of the Great
Dane football team. but today is the big day. Highly
regarded lthaca is coming to town and ABC-TV is picking
up the game. About 7.500 fans cram into Bleeckcr Stadium
and see Dario Arango (the soccer team's regular goalie)
boot a 45 yard ﬁeld goal with 1:31 left in the game to beat
lthaca. 9-6. l’stayed home and watched it on TV. lthaca
ended up getting an NCAA playoff bid. anyway; Albany
stayed home with a 7-3 record.

February 16. 1979: My first Albany-Potsdam basketball
game. My ﬁrst taste of the Great Dane faits at their best ——
the Pep Band playing their hearts out. the capacity crowd
chanting as one and the players getting so pumped up that
they play better titan they ever played before. The Danes
win 72-69. This is easy. 1 think to myself.

March 2. 1979: The SUNYAC ended in a three-way tie and
Potsdam ends up with the automatic bid to the NCAA East
Regional. Somehow Albany ends tip in Danvillc. Kentucky
to play Savannah State in the first round of the South
Regional. 1 listen on the radio. but turn it off after the
Danes build up a 13-point lead in the third quarter. They
lose 82-81 in overtime. 1 should learn a lesson from this but.
unfortunately. 1 don't.

September 4. 1979: l‘ni back and l'm bored. My roommate
talks me into going to the ASPinterest meeting. 1 decide to
either write features or sports. whichever group is smaller.
About 75 students flock to the Aspects editor. Only Five or
six go to Paul Schwartz. the sports editor. 1 sign up for
sports. despite the fact that all the sports people are very
ugly.

September 21. 1979: My first article — “Netmen Nip Ver—
mont. 5-4."1t's buried on the inside of the paper. 1 take 15
copies. anyway.

October 20. 1979: The football team is 4-0 and playing
Brooklyn College on University Field. The Danes score
within 14 seconds and that's all they need. They win 560.
This team is good. 1 sit through my ﬁrst entire game. a
milestone.

October 27. I979: Probably saw the greatest game 1 will
ever see. it was brutal. The Danes took on a very physical
Norwich squad in what amounted to be a lethal game, They
were down 25-21 late in the fourth quarter but when Dane
quarterback Terry Walsh rolled into the eiid zone with 1:42
left on the clock it was over. 1 was covering a soccer game
and running back and forth going crazy. The football team
is 6-0 and l'm thinking playoffs. a nasty habit 1 wish 1 did
not have.

November 3. 1979: Poof. Another season bites the dtist.
ltliaca remembers last year and shows no mercy on the
beat-up. exhausted Danes. Final score: 46-6. the beginning
of a three-game skid.

January 17. 1980: My brother‘s birthday. dwarfed only by
another in a series of incredible Albany-Potsdam hoop
games. This time the Bears break Albany's 19 game home
winning streak in a 70-68 overtime win.

Marclt l, 1980: Potsdam. Again. 1 listen on the radio as
Potsdam pulls away at the end to clobber the Danes. 87-72.
Damn. We're 21-6 but out in the regional again.
Sealember 9, 1980: First issue of the semester for the ASP.
Me and Marc Haspel are the new associate sports editors.
Neither of us has ever taken an English or journalism
Course. Neither of us has any idea what We're doing here.
We soon find out that any idiot (please. no sit-ins from all
You idiots out there) can write headlines and captions. liob
Bellal'iore. the sports editor. is a plsscr. He’s a former foot-
ball player who. 1 think. got hit iii the head about ten times
too many. This is going to be fun.

‘ 13. 1980: The football team loses to Ithaca.

 

 

40-21.
September 20. 1980: 1 probably saw the worst football
game 1 will ever see. it was awful. Southern Connecticut
Wins. 62. The Danes were 11 yards away from the end zone
on the last play of the game. The playOfl's are already just
about out of the question. Wait 'lil next year.

December 6. 1980: Painful. How else can you describe ll1L'

basketball team's 71-70 triple-overtlnic loss to Potsdam in
University Gym? The crowd was incredible. The Bears
missed about 17 of 18 free throws at one pttim. lﬂCllldlﬁit it
Possible game-ender in regulation because of the noise. 1

 

htill think we should have won. The of fleiating was horrible

(one LaSt Word—I’m

 

and we had so many opportunities. "A rollercoaster of
emotion." Howard Cosell would have called it. I felt that
loss in the pit of my stomach for hours. They always seem
to do something like this to us. The only thing 1 have to say:
“Potsdam sucks." Sorry Mom.

February 7. 1981: The rematch in Potsdam. America‘s
armpit. 1 went to the game. a five hour trip. We 1051,64-53.
it was a very long trip home.

February 25. 1981: 1 covered my first basketball game. The
Danes beat Cortland 66-64 in overtime for their 20th win of
the season (20-4). 11 was a great game; it scesawcd back and
forth and Cortland tierl it at the butter. 1 was nervous
about my first interview with Coach Saucrs after the game:
he can be intimidating if you don't know him (or men if
you do). He didn't bite.

February 28. 1981: Albany wins the SUNYAC champion-
ship in Potsdam. Mike Gatto hit two free throws to win it in
the last seconds of overtime. 60-59. 1 know because 1 read it
in the paper. I didn't go. 1 was iit O'Heany‘s waiting to
watch the Division 111 NCAA wrestling finals on ESPN.
Andy Scias. a freshman on the wrestling team (which 1 was
covering). cante within one second of.a tiational chanipion-
ship biit was reversed in the final second of the match. I
didti't see that. either; ESPN's schedule was off.

March 6. 1981: Third trip to Maxcy Hall in a tiiontli for the
Danes. Probably my greatest moment as a Great Dune fun.
We beat St. Lawrence in the first round of the East
Regional. 45-44. Coach Sauers set tip the winning baskets
with some brilliant strategy. bttt all that l cart remember
clearly is John Dieckclman's long jtiiiipcr dropping in with
a couple of seconds left lit the game. llaspel and 1
simultaneously leaped to the floor from the fifth row of
bleachers and started jumping around and screaming like
crazy men. Coach SJllcl’S was all smiles after the game.

a .
John Dieckelmun provided me with what was probably
my greatest moment as u (irenl Dunc fan.

March 7. 1981: The stage is set for an incredible fourth
rematch against Potsdam; most likely the two best teams in
the nation fighting to stay alive in the hunt for the national
championship. The pumped tip Danes jump out to an 11-2
lead. btit Potsdam has a one point adiantage at the half.
We lead by five in the final minutes of the game and the
small group of Dane fans is going wild. l‘m thinking about
how we're going to get vacationing Albany students back
early to see the playoff game we're going to host in the next
round. No need. The llears pttll a little riiagic (with a little
help from some lousy rcl'crccing). score six of the last seven
points in regulation. thcn win in overtime. 68-63. From
ecstasy the night before to agony. another gut-wrenching
loss to the hated Bears. who eventually win the national
championship. 1‘11 the thinking it should have been Albany.
Still. at 23-5. it was the Danes“ greatest season ever.

May 2. 1981: Mayfest. 1 don't like David Crosby‘s act. l‘ni
supposed to be covering the baseball team on their march
toward Albany's first NCAA playoff bid. so 1 check out
their doubleheader with Oneonta. lgcl there just in time to
see the Dragons score their ninth run of the seventh inning
to beat the Danes. 13-12. Albany bounces right back to win
the nightcap. 23-7. A class aet. At 12-2 they are still in the
chase.

May 9. 1981: Danes have to sweep Cortland in a hotne
doubleheader. A tough feat. but Albany thinks they can
do it. The powerful Cortland squad thinks the Danes are a
joke. They are wrong. the Danes are 'very much for real.
but Cortland is better and sweeps the twlnbill. Still. the
greatest baseball season ever for Albany. 1

September 12. 1981: Dane football‘squad pulls off'an
amazing upset over national runner-up lthaea on South

Proud to Be a Great Dam;

    

Hill Field. l'm in the press box going crazy and daydream-
ing about a trip to Alabama (where the national champion-
ships are held)? You'd think I'd learn already.
September 15, 1981: First issue as sports editor. i end up
working all night until 8:00 the next morning. My lthaca
story stinks — 1 let my emotions get the best of any jour-
nalistic sense 1 might have learned.
September 19. 1981: Danes lead Division 11 Southern Con-
necticut 13-0 with only minutes to go. Two quick
touchdowns put the score at 13-12 with 1:23 left. The Owls
try the two-point comersion . . .it fails. Back-up quarter-
back Davc Napp threw tin interception that was run back 88
yards for a TD. Biff Fischer. the statistician. wanted me to
use the headline “Danes lmo ‘ r U  ""
Southern Connecticut"; lAchicklenEtlubiil. ringl’cil'grﬂl.
would never talk to me again. A class character. Coach
Ford is. He made it clear at the beginning of the year that 1
could blast him all 1 wanted but not his players.
October 3. 1981: the impossible happens. The Danes.
ranked fourth in tho nation. are upset by lowly. 1 mean
really lowly. Union. 10-7. A very sick feeling grows in the
pit of my stomach. I mentally rip up my airline tickets to
Alabama.
October 10. 19111: We whip the pants off an
Buffalo squad. 32-0. 1 mentally sort through the garbage
for my tickets. Quarterback Tom Pratt is hurt in the game.
though. and the Danes chances are minimal. but they exist.
October 17. 1981: \k'c lose to Cortland. 1 listen on the radio
and mentally toss iltc tickets into the fireplace. [lack QB'S
Tom Roth and Nripp started off slowly and their comeback
falls just short. 20-14.
October 24. 1981: Very physical game with Norwich is
scoreless for 59 1.2 minutes. Roth is shaken up and Napp
comes in. lie throws a 45 yard TD pass to record-setting
split end liob Brien with 0:25 on the clock. The headline:
"Danes Catch Norwich Napp-ing in 7-0 Triumph".
thanks. Biff.
October 31. 19111: Playoff-bound Alfred beats us 16-0 on
University Field and their crowd outdraws us. Pathetic.
November 14. 1981: My last football game. We beat New
Haven 35-6. Vcr) emotional scene in the lockerroom. These
people really do l0\L‘ the game. Me. 100.
November 20. 19111: basketball team kicks off the season
with Capital District Tourney. They beat Union and 1 make
my first live radio appearance in a halftime interview with
Phil Pivnick on WCl)13.Allthrce people who heard it said 1
did okay.
November 21. 1981: Danes lose to RPl in the ﬁnals. it's go-
ing to be a long season.
November 24. 1981: Our annual basketball ,r'
comes back front the printer backwards. it's going to be a
very long season.
January 26. 1982: The Danes get hot over the intersession
and are 11-4. liar they lose to Hamilton by 26 points in
University Gym. fhat never happens. And guess who's
coming to town.
January 30. 19112: Potsdam. We beat them by ten. These
two teams haic lost a lot. but the rivalry is still there. The
crowd is incredible (have I said that before?). 1 will never
forget the feeling of being a part of that crowd as long as 1
liic. Too bad it only happens once a year.
February 2. 1982: 1 write the stupidest lead I ever wrote.
Something about "The Year of the Great Dane.“ i get em-
barrasscd every time 1 read it. Someday l'll start writing
with my head instead of with my heart. Maybe.
February 17. 1982: We absolutely crush Cortland. 101-61.
in a game hotlt lt.'.'1111\ had to win. I don‘t cover the game
because 1 have a test the next day biit end up going anyway.
I would have missed otir only 100 point game in four years
il' 1 had stayed home.
February 27. 1982: the issue came out late today and 1 had
to drive about 80 riiph to get to Buffalo on time for the
SUNYACs. Made it about 15 minutes before game time. 1
wish I hadn't. Buffalo. almost a .500 team. beats us. An
NCAA bid hinges on the consolation game.
February 27. 1982: We lose to Buff State. 1 make my sc-
cond halftime radio appearance. this time with Howie
Strudlcr. Poor Howie. 1 give just about the worst inter-
voicw in history. 1 am so depressed and a little dazed. l'm
not used to losing after watching the three greatest Albany
basketball teams play. i suspect we won't make the NCAAS
this year. but next year we will be back.
February 28. 1982: My suspicions prove correct. We're go-
ing to the ECACs. What pisses me off is that Potsdam, a
team with a lesser record and ranked lower in the state. gets
an tit-large bid to the Northeast regional. an easier region
than the East. They advance all the way to the. national
ﬁnals before losing. Losing in the SUNYACs was the best
thing that could have happened to them and the worst for
us. it could be a bitter ending after four years of lOsitig out
to Potsdam. but it's not the end. l'll be back. I never
thought l would ever come back here. but it's in my blood
now. I'll keep coming back until we win and then some.
May 4. 1982: 1 go out the way 1 came in. 1 cover the men's
tennis team and bury my story on the inside of the paper.
l'm such a sentimental fool. ,
May 1. 1982: Today is my last issue of the ASP. The ASP
and Great Dane sports have dominated my life for twq
years. I'll miss them both.

aria

 

 

 

 

 

