    
   
    
    
   
   
  
    
     
   
 

     
  
    
   
   
 
   
  
   
    
 

 

 

[met/cations of Demise

A decline in the price of oil has become a
sui'prising and‘dramatic featttre of the
world oil market in the past several tnonths.
Energy consultants ltave suggested tltat the
once feared Organization of Petrolettm Ex-
porting Countries (OPEC) has lost its pre-
eminent role in setting world oil prices.
perhaps irretrievubly. This demented asser-
tion can only stem from a most serious. and
dangerous. form of myopic analysis. For
those who ‘share such crude illusions. let
them be haunted by the long gas lines of
1974 and 1979. One should not be so qttick
in dismissing OPEC. Oil consumers retnain
terribly dependent on the steady flow of
fttel from tlte politically unstable Persian
Gulf. A major crisis in the Middle East
cottld alter the world oil ntarket altttost
overnight. and with it. OPEC's influence.

Until. recetttly OPEC did not follow the
carlcl pattern of restricting supply and
allocating output. It beltavcs ntorc like art
oligopoly. with Saudi Arabia as price leader
and largest producer. At Ol’EC's meeting
on Marelt 20. in Vienna. however. oil
tttittisters agreed to cttt production by about
700.000 barrels a day to reduce the world
wide sttrpltts of oil arid to bolster collapsittg
oil prices. The actiott will reduce Ol’EC's
total daily output to 17.5 million barrels a
day (in 197‘) the thirteen-member grottp was
producing 31 million barrels a tiny). Saudi
Arabia‘s express willingness to cut back
otttpttt to maintain OI’EC‘s currcttt “bett-
chmark" price of $34 a barrel is the prin-
cipal irtdication of OPEC solidarity. A
strengthening ol' solidarity between
members is an important first step if OPEC
is to maintain sufficient tnarket potter itt
setting ftttttrc petrolcttrtt prices. The next
crucial step. a mttclt ntore difficult one.
would be tlte adoption of an explicit
product-sharing policy. Attempts at ac-
contplislting this second task ltavc beett
hampered by the organization‘s economic
problems attd by political animosities bet-
ween certaitt members.

it is no wonder OPEC is experiencing
sizcable financial difficulties. Oil-importing
nations responded to the 1979 increase in
oil prices with dramatic conservation cf»
forts. Since 1978. the United States has cut
Middle East imports by nearly one third.
The OPEC countries have seen prodttction
fall by 31.4 percent during the last three
years. They now account for less than 50
percent of the noneommunist world oil pro-

 

 

Bmtnttuus To out
Yooir Not into sroLtsr

   
  
 

 

 

OPEC: The

  
     

   

 

    

 

Winning ~

' . .
duction..compnred.with their.l979 status of
. providing 64 percent. Operating at only.75
percent of their capacity. compared with 97
percent in 1979. the members have struggl-
ed with ease flow'problemtt by cutting prices
to increase sales. Their alternatives are
severely limited in light of the current 011
glut, especially when oil prices in Norway.
Britain, the Soviet Union. and the United
States have fallen below OPEC levels.

For OPEC, a leveling of oil prices
represents a threat to economic develop-
ment hopes. The Bankers Trust Company
has recently projected that OPEC coutttries
will see tltcir foreign exchange cash-110w
shrink to levels never before experienced.
They have already become net borroWers of
fttttds frotn major western banks for the
first time since 1978. If their financial
reserves continue to dwindle. members with
extensive development programs. such as
Nigeria and Venezuela. may be forced to
choose between: a)cutting prices below the
“benchmark” level in order to repay bank
loans and continue plans for development;
and b)rcmaining a loyal devotee to OPEC'
solidarity and agree to maintain tltc group‘s
base price of $34 a barrel. Faced with a
decisiort of this sort. both mcrttbcrs would
probably opt to sttpport the price statttlc.
liut the creation of art oil allocation scheme
would relieve tltcttt of their dilemma. A
policy “hereby OPEC cotttttries produce oil
accordittg to llteir need for forcign ex-
change would ease the severe financial pro-
blctns currently experienced by several
members.

Another worry ol' OPEC is the uncertain-
ty of tire conflict between [ran and lrttq.
Tltcse two countries Itavc been at war for 18
tttotttlts and their oil facilities have suffered
hcavy damage. lran‘s financial reserves.
once among tlte largest itt OPEC, ltave
shrunk to $3 billion and continue to
deteriorate. its oil production lttts dropped
to well below a million barrels a day. cont-
pared to its production level of 3 tttilliott
barrels a day in 1979. The outbreak of the
Iran-Iraqi war in September 1980 took
away 6 percent of the noncommunists
world's oil sttpply. A quick political settle-
ment is unlikely; bill if the war winds down
to the point where damage to prodttction '
and loading facilities is repaired. tltcn much .
expanded oil exports could rcsttttte before
long. if tlte marker forces which have
driven down oil prices are supplemented by _

l LOOK mac», Lr's PEOPLE uxr

NW“ 0° 1°“ MEAN Wm Norm? You-win mun mums rimr
GOING To THE GAME? YOU” - , cm.“ A iMK oF saw sm/r
vae'vr (.01 ‘ Hm AT mum.

 

  

 
 

   
 

Strategy

a substantial increase in oil production
from Iran and Iraq within the next six mon-
ths. then oil exporters may face an un-
manageable problem: to maintain the price
of oil at anything close to life present level.

Of course. there is no guarantee that the
war will quickly fade away. The war might
follow the pattern of past Middle Eastern
conflicts and flare up. spread to nearby
countries in the Persian Gulf region. inter-
rupt more oil supplies. and throw the
market into greater turmoil that it was in
during 1979. Stteh possibilities should be
seriously regarded as a permanent feature

of the world oil marketuAlthoughuoil prices-

are softening. this is not the ﬁrst time oil
importers ltavc been sltockcd by a price ex-
plosion and then lulled by price erosion.
The same pattern occurred between 1974
attd 1979. Tlte Ittll came to a ratlter abrupt
end with the revolution. attd oil prices
dorrbled. in any given year tltcre could be
anotlter rcvoltttion in the Middle East, in-
terttal or itttrarcgionul cottflict. or
deliberate action by OPEC to rcdttcc the
supply of oil. cause a sharp price escalation.
arid intiiet lntge economic losses on on im-
porters. It's' not easy. then. to dismiss
OPEC and go merrily along in a carefree
state of mind.

OPEC still has the football. bttl many
oil-importing countries Itavc ttot had to
play its game lately. Past predictions and
forecasts about OPliC‘s influence and pric—
ittg have proven to be wrong. The conse-
qttertces ol' tltc present sttrpltts of oil on the
tnarkct could set off a rctttrtt to the kind of
prol'ligacy thttt made OPE s assent possi-
ble itt the first place. Tlte impression that
tile cttcrgy security problcttt has rerttarkably
receded is a great fallacy of tltc eighties. and
harmful because it cottld provide a power-
ful disincentive for investments iii altcr-
ttative energy sources.

Political instabilities persist witltitt the
Persian (1qu area. At any time the Uttitcd
States and its allies cottld find themselves itt
a great crisis with little notice. The wide
range of possibilities tttakcs strategic planni
irtg tnore difficult than usttal. bttt it also
means tltat those who adopt tltc rigltt
strategy will be ltigltly rewarded. lit the
game of oil politics. tltc best defense will
begin with the realization that llte United
States should neither pretend to be isolated
{trim OPEC nor underestimate its poten-

t .

 

err mwtvro!

  

 

  
   
 

um, um, CALLED Tons/c you No THANKS
‘ To ‘0 To rug cwth- comic/t MEEflw. nor M0
. rodttH:--r mm“
o l .
“0° °° IllWlIlttl

 

1v. —-

t at I.
- or. WELLINMIN

. I'M

   
    
  
 
  

   
 

  
    
  

 

Bru Bugged,

 

1T0 the FJ‘litor:

We are freshmen residents at Brubacher
Hall. Although 'we are relatively happy liv-
ing at Bru. ther is one matter we find very
disturbing: since the cafeteria is in Bru.
naturally insects are more of a problem here
than other buildings. Therefore. it is
necessary that we keep our' rooms extra
clean. We would like very much to do this.
however the vacuum cleaner 'has been
broken since before the big winter vacation
(yes — December) except for a brief period
in February. ' ‘

Give us a break! As fond as we are of
small animals. we really don't appreciate
the little visitors we have been living with
for the last few months. This is our home
for the duration of school. so please, Alum-
ni Quad maintenance staff. FIX THE
VACUUM!

— Names Withheld By Request

 

 

 

 

  

~....e:.a.n.tatt~oI-w,

 

Quiet Please

 

To the Editor:

Libraries, traditionally qttict places for
scriotts research and study. ltavc become
noisy ottcs for social itttcrcltange. atttl
SUNYA's is no cxccption.

()ver 1.6 tttilliott people entered the Maitt
Library last year. This represents an 8% in-
crease over the previous year. Art average of
3500 to an ttverage of 2300 persons etttcring
the building between tltc ltottts of 2 p.m.
attd 7 p.m. Once a building our sire Itartdlcs
that Ittttclt traffic. silence is ttot possible
dttrittg all open hours. However. last
semester more complaints were voiced than
ever before about the noisy library. Tltc
library night supervisors have been touring
the building each evening uttd asking per-
sons who are loud to use the lounge
facilities.

“Quiet Areas“ ltavc been designated in
the corners of the second and tltird floors.
and library ttscrs who need an especially
qttict place to study are encouraged to use
tltesc areas.

Each library ttscr has a share of the
responsibility for the environrnettt. Library
staff are available to assist with any pro-
blem. Between 8:30 and 5. patrons cart con-
tact Administrative Services itt Itoom 109.
Aftch attd on weekends. lltc supervisors at
the (‘irculation Desk and the Periodicals
Desk are available to assist with problems.
Library staff ltttve library services to per-
form and may not always be effective in
keeping library users quiet. Library users
tltcrttselves tnusl take some responsibility
for the library ettvirontttcttt by encouraging
their colleagues to keep the ttoisc dowtt.

— Carol 1.. Anderson
Assistant Director for
A ccess Services
University Libraries

 

Wise In Your Eyes

 

To the Editor:

This is in response to the (March 23) let-
ter by Jim Olsen concerning a problem that
he considers “more important than El
Salvador. bus fares, socialism, feminism
dorm rates or anything else." Wlten using
the bible to promote one's cause. one must
be aware that it can be used advantageously
to support anyone's ideas. As can be seen in
his letter. the majority here at SUNYA
scent to disagree with his beliefs. 1 do not
question Mr. Olsen's beliefs. rtttlter his feel-
ing that he is rigltt and we are till. in essence.
wrong (“sinners”).

Beware of someone who professes to
know all and never considers the possibility
of himself/herself ever being wrong — that
was a major problem in our past with such
leaders as Hitler. “Woe to those who are
wise in their own eyes. and shrewd in their
own slght."-—lsaiah 5:21.

—Howard Israel

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

Cheating The System

  

illilti 

likely to cost each major party candidate
between ten and ﬁfteen million dollars.
Unlimited campaign spending and the
" J on large special interest con-

 

To the Editor:

Since the beginning of this semester. I
haven't taken a single exam or quiz without
seeing cheating going on. I see it in all
forms: a student openly asking another stu-
dent for 'an answer. two students exchang-
ing exam papers, answers written out on
desk tops. a student looking. over another
student’s shoulder or a student opening his
notebook to check an answer. Before an ex-
am some students plan to sit together in
order to cheat off of one another. it doesn't
seem to help when proctors are in the room
because cheating still continues.

Cheating is deplorable. One ls'an unsure.
unqualified. and dishonest student who has
to stoop to this lchl of behavior. If a stu-
dent cannot keep ttp with assignments and
study sufﬁciently for exams. he does not
belong at SUNY Albany. Besides deceiving
oneself. a student who cheats is denying
other stttdettts the acknowledgement they
deserve for ltard work and mastery.

It is probably impossible to totally stop
cheating. bttt professors and the system can
make cheating a very undesirable practice.
Scrantbling the order of cxant questions.
spacing students fttrther apart. or having
“undercover” graduate students placed in
the rootn pretettdittg to take tltc cxattt cart
help the situation. All professors should
make it clear that cltetttirtg will not be
tolerated and anyone caught cheating will
fail the cottrsc attd be officially written up.
Atty student who accumulates perhaps
more titan two referrals should be expulsed
frottt SUNY Albatty. This is a respectable
fine-quality institution attd SUNYA
students attd faculty should be deserving of
this acknowledgetncnt and reputation.

— Name Withheld By Request

 

No Beer Here

 

To the Editor:

llavittg purchased tickets for “After-
noon at the liars. ‘ we were very dishearten-
cd to learn that tltc $100 ticket price was
ttterely a donation to 'l'clethon and ttot an
afternoon at the bars. We would ltave glad-
ly donated $3.00 .to Telethon. btn our
understanding was that we might actually
get a drink ottt of it.

Venturing ottt at 3:30 p.m.. we found
ourselves faced with litres of 100 people
long at each 01' the fottr bars. After waiting
ttntil approximately 4:00. we were still
about sixty people away frotn the door of
the Lamp Post which was already packed
beyond capacity.

With no disrespect inlettdcd toward tltc
staff of Telethon. we feel that either tickets
should have been limited or that a refund
sltottld be provided to those ttnforlttnate
people. (like us), who spent the "Afternoon
at the liars" getting drttttk on ottr back
porclt.

 

— Nantes Wltltlteld By Request

Campaign Funding

To the Editor:

A large field of qualified and capable
candidates from botlt major political par-
ties sttrfaeed lit the wake of Governor
Carey's decision not to run for re-election.
Uttfortuttalcly. past experience has proven
that a candidate's success in seeking the
state's highest office is often dependent on
his or her ability to amass a mammoth
financial wttr chest.

lit the 1978 gubernatorial election. nearly
ltalf the funds raised ctttttc front a very
small group of people. The major party
candidates went on to spcttd over clevett
million dollars. Tltrec years later the cart-
didrttes still owe creditors hundreds of
thousands of dollars. Debts of this
magnitude may be perceived as a serious

 

conﬂict of interest. especially when officials,

are forced to raise funds during their term
in office.
This year's gubernatorial campaigns are

tributlons must be curtailed. But the United
States Supreme Court has ruled that a cell-
ing on campaign spending cannot be impos-
ed unless it is a part of a partial public
ﬁnancing package. Public financing laws
now operate successfully in presidential
campaigns and in state or local elections in
fifteenstates.

Two bills are currently being considered
in the New York State Legislature. They
limit private contributions to a statewide
candidate to $2,500 instead of the current
$40.000.and place a spending ceiling on the
gubernatorial general election contest.
Public monies. generated by a two dollar
income tax check-off. would be used to
match small contributions. assuring that

'public support goes only to those can-

didates who can. demonstrate broad based
grass roots popularity.

It is,too late for public campaign financ-
ing to be utilized for this election; bttt it is
time to move quickly to remove the
unhealthy influence of excessive financial
contributions front future elections.

— Rlclturd N. Gottfried

Assistant Majority Leader

New York State Assembly

— Vincent A. Murehlselll

C/tuirmnn, Election Law Committee
New York Sin/e Assembly

—— Carol Schlro' (ireenwnltl
(‘lttlil‘WOIItn/r. N. Y. S. Common CIIIISL’

 

The Women’s Room

To the Editor:

Altltottglt our owrt existence is at issue.
let us Itot forget ottr struggle l'or the basic
necessities of life. It has cottte Io ttty atten-
tion durittg my four year learning ex-
periettcc at SUNYA. that l ltnve yet to be
able to walk ittlo the “women’s room." in
search ofa tampon. sanitary napkin, or any
other acceptable alternative; attd find one!
If that were ttot bad cttottglt. 1 ltuvc found
that many of lltc women's roottts have been
cqttipl with trtucltitics that are either ctttpty
or broken.

As we all know. tltis school is no great
foreigrter to discritttittatiott or neglect.
Wltilc cvcryotte else has a bottc to pick with
this university. I as a woman have had it.
While this issue may scctn trivial to evoke
such a response. it affects almost every
woman on campus. The fact is that this one
small instance jttst reaffirms the belief that
women's issttcs are trivial and so this
discrimination attd neglect is permeated and
perpettutted cvcn dowrt to a rttost basic
level.

— Randi Lee Anderson

Loyal Forever

To the Editor:

It is once again that titttc of year when the
wettlhcr starts to warttt. the baseballs start
to fly and of cottrse when we hope spring is
eternal. it is also that time of year for our
annual letter to the ASP espousing our
favorite sttbjecl. The New York Mets. As
seniors all realize. we have for years been
extolling the great virtues of our favorite
diversion. all to no avail.

As April 6 tlraWs ttear. ltowevcr. we
know tltcre ltas bcctt a figurative as well as
literal fttcclift to tire Mets. No lottgcr the
pushovers of the East. this . 'son promises
a new display of power and excitetttcttt. We
look forward with anticipation to the corti-
tttcttcetttettl 01' our rtaliottal paslitne. This
protttises to he the best year we've ltad ill a
decade.

The Mets are legitimate contenders at last
and will be there when the Septetnber
breezes sweep New York. But even better.
when tltc cold October winds blow, we‘ll be
hitting baseballs instead of golf balls into
the wind.

 

 

— Eric Turkewllz
~— Ken Sllvcr
On Behalf of Loyal Forever

   

 
  
   

 
   

Engine Trouble

In Saint-Exupery’s classic tale The Little Prince, the prince comes across
a king living alone on a planet. The prince and the king agreed that no one‘can-
order' the sun to rise by ﬁat.

That's a valuable lesson. .lust declaring that oranges are green won’t turn all
oranges green: You can't legislate hard facts. Oranges are orange. and no mere
law can turn them green.

it's a lesson the administration and University Senate need to learn. Yester-
day. the Senate voted that ROTC and- the university’s policy prohibiting
discrimination against homosexuals don't contradict. That’s sort of like saying
“granite ﬂoats”. or “Indian Quad tower is thirty-nine floors tall.”

Granite sinks.

Mohawk Tower is twenty stories high.

ROTC discriminates against gays and lesbians.

Those are the cold. hard facts. No matter how stubbornly the administration
sticks its head in the sand. those facts continue.

The University Senate can't end the contradiction between its support of
ROTC and the university's anti-discrimination policy by waving a parlimentary
magic wand and claiming the contradiction has disappeared. it’s still glaring the
administration in the face. ’

The important question now is, how seriously can the university’s anti-
discriminalion policy be taken while it sacrifices the civil rights of gays and les-
bians for the convenience of a handful of ROTC student's.

President O'Leary riglttly boasted at the Senate meeting that Albany has a
more extensive anti-discrimination policy than any other SUNY school. Unfor-
tunatly. our policy is only for show.

The strttggle against ROTC ltastt't ended with this defeat. The Coalition
Against ROTC will probably continue until it wins. Perhaps their best weapon
would be a box fttll of small books about a little man and sortie big lessons.

L

A5

(nu/Mt mandate  

 

Eat-bil'ntd in 1910
Dun Bolt. Editor In Cir/Hi
Waynl Pearaboam. David Thanh-nun Managing Elf/Inn

New. Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Bath Bllnsm
Mark Hammond. Tml KlplOWlll
.. Andrew Carroll
. David Brooks
. Mark Roaatnr

 
 
 
  
    
 
 
 
  
   
  

Sound and Vlclon Editor .. .

Sportl Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Larry Kuhn
Auoclalo Sport- Edltorl Mlchanl Carmun. Mark Gnannr
Edllorlal Pagan Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Edan Lovlnn
Copy Editor . . . . . . .. Ctalro Schnnldar
Contributing Edlta . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Susan Mllllnan

 

Editorial Alli-uni: M a . . Krlallna A . Fnlttcla Bntam. Ray Callulurn. Knn Cantor.
Hubnrt~Knnnnlb Dlekny. Mlchanl Dlnowllz. Jim D1xon.Rob Edalatnln.13ltl Flachnr.Roanlnabnrg. Bethany Golda.
Inln. Knn Gordon, Stnvn Goaantl, Larry Hackul. Mart: Haspnl. Stnpnon lntnldI Dobbin Judnn. Mitch Kolllar. Cralg
Marks. Jon Mllaa, Susan Mtllloan. Dnbbln Mlllman. John Moran. Carol anbouso. Madeline Pascuccl. Slnvnn
Popper. Barbara Rlsatvato. Marc Schwarz. Llaa Strain. Larry Wolaaman. sun cartoonillu: Bob Buabtm. Stavnn
Laban. Spectrum and Evonll Editor: Betsy Camplsl. Zodiac and Preview Editor: Llu Strain. Stall Emorllul: Bob
Bollaltorn. Frank J. 611. Steven A. Grnonbnm. Rob E. Grubman, Sylvla Saunders. Bath SHXBI. Joann Wnlnor.

 

Bonnie Slovene. Business Manager
Janet Dr-Iluu. Advert/sing Manager
David Natll Vaplto. Salas Manager

BIlllnaAccountanII.
Payroll Supervisor ..
0"ch Coordinator .
ctaullled Manager . .. Marlo Garbartno
Compoalllon Mon-nor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . MnllsaaWaasonnan
Advaﬂtulno Salu: John Trotano. Andrnw Horn, Dobbin Illbaal, Mlndy Schulman. Adv-titling Production
Man-purl: Susan Kaplan. Dianne Gtacola. Advent-Inn Producttan: Ronl Ginsberg. Mlndy Horowitz. Susan
Paarlman. Mnllaaa Waasarman. Ollie. Stillmannt Guth. Patricia Hammer. Allca McDormott. Mary Etlan Mtltphy.
Judy Tomi .

Hady Brodnr. Judy B. Santa. Karen Sardolt
. . Arlnna Kallowllz
..Jannt.'ar Block

    
    

Jack Durlchlag. Product/on Manager
Ann Hoch. Assoc/ale Production Manager

Chlat Type-utter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. catnln Ryan
Vertical Clmeru  . . . . . . . .  Bill Bonllltt -
Paatrup:Lor160raun, Carla Sarct. Typlatn: Joycn Balk, Lynda Bnnvnnuto.T1na Booln. Carol Bury. Mary Dugnun.
Ellzabnth Hnymun. Vlrolnla Hubnr. Marta Garbarlno. Joanna Gulldorslenvn. Snplnmbur Klnln. Saralyn Lavina. Zart
Slahl.chlullottr. Martha Halnnt

  

Photography. Supplied brine/pally by Unlvarslly Photo Service

Chlal Photographer: Mart: Hunachnl. UPS Stall: Dava Astral, Laura Bosltck. Alan Calam. Karl Chan. Amy Cotton.

Sherry Cohan. Davld Hnuann. David Lapnlatat, Lola Mattabonl. Alan Mnntln. Sun Mlndlch. Mark Nataon. Suna
' Slolnkamp. Warrnn Stout. Marty Watcoa. Gall Watson. WIII Yunnan

The Albany Studnnt Prnaa Ia published every Tunaday and Frldtty duttnu the school yaar by the Albany Studnnt

' Plﬂal Corporation, an Independent not-lor-ptotlt corporatlon. Edllotlala am wtlttrtn by the Edttor In Chief wlth
mambara ot Inn Editorial Board; policy In subject to review by tttn Edltnrtal Board. Advantaan policy does not
nncnaaarlly rnllacl national policy.

Malling addrau: "
Albany student Plbaa. CC 329
1400 Washington Ava.

Albany. NY 12222 ‘|
(518) 457-68921me

 

  

 

