  
  

 

   

he liason began January past.

We met. by chance in art obscure

little arcade In downtown Albany.
Ms. Pacman said she was new in town. 1
Was unequivocally single. infatuation? No
wayl This was love at first quarter.

Rob O’Connor

Being a child of the humanities l was
never much attracted to computer people.
They're ‘so weird. To be honest. they in-
timidated me. Ms. Pacman was different.
She allowed me to see that computers are
a vehicle for creativity just like language.
Her mlssioti in Albany was this: First. to
assimilate kids Into the world of computers.
Second. to show technically minded kids
that they too could create things that other
people considered beautiful. Video games
would be the initial device used to bridge
this gap between technology and creativity.

Such a profound idea! What a wor-
thwhile woman. We spent those January
days romping from bar to arcade to
bar...playing Ms. Pacman. As we played I

 

irrrrro c a n n A a.

' them, that really hurt.

As word of Ms. Pacman's mission spread
thoughout the east computer games with
similar Ideals migrated to Albany. The in
flux of video games was rampant. Aside
from maze video games like herself and her
cousin's Pacman 1.2. and 3 other new. in-
novative games became prevalent. There
were bottom-movement games like Cen‘
tlpede. Phoenix and Space lnvader's.
There were Free-flight games such as
Asteroids. Rip-Off and Star Castle. Up-
ward movement games like Donkey Kong.
Frogger and Space Panic were also great
fun. All these games enjoyed tremendous
success and video games became the craze
of Capitalland.

Despite the success of these new games
a survey conducted iri September indicated
that Ms. Pacnian still enjoyed the greatest
popularity. Fortunately. I was still Ms. Pac-
man's favorite player. Shortly alter this
however. she began to have doubts about
herself. Would she soon become expen-
dable due to exciting. tnore innovative
games? Certainly. she thought. Tron and

 

 

 

My parents disapproved.

meabout
O'COIOOIOOOCIOIIODOII.IOOIDOOI...
witnessed the evasiveness of this nymph.
She would escape the jaws of Speedy.

  

. again, However. I was not the only one
: benefitting from the experience. Ms. Pac-
v man was mesmerized by my ability to
weave elaborate patterns to complete the
screen. Most of all she was just crazy about
the way I fondled her "joy stick!"

Together we were unbeatable. When
the new arcade on the corner of Western
and Quail opened in February. Ms. Pac~
man and I instantly became the heroes of
the neighborhood children. The kids on
Elberon St. would refrain from asking me.
“Hey man. got fifteen cent 1’" preferring to
watch me use the money playing Ms. Pac-
man.

 

Our relationship blossomed with the spr~
ing. My parent's disapproved. They dislik-
ed me spending money in bars and at street
corner arcades. I told them l had met an in-
telligent woman who was teaching me
about computers. My parents replied, "If
this woman is so intelligent we would very
much like to meet her. Why don't you br-
ing her home."“That’s impossible." My
mother rejoined. “Why is that son?"“She's
a computer." End of conversation. Later I
learned that my parents played an integral
part in the passing of legislature limiting the

Our relationship blossomed with the spring.

They disliked me spending

money in bars and at street corner arcades. I told them

I had met an intelligent woman who was teaching

computers.

noonI00-000....ooonaooooaocnooioo on

: Donkey Kong were tnore intriguing than
: herself. l‘let vanity had farreaching effects.

Bashful. Pokey and Sue lime and time :Slie began to prostitute herself by allowing

5 herself to be programmed so that players
could use premeditated patterns to ensure
high scores and thereby securing her
popularity.

By this time l was an astute Ms. Pacman
player and it was easy for me to detect
players using these patterns. Yet I said
nothing hoping it would be a passmg
phase. For weeks I watched aghast as Ms.
Pacman sunk lower and lower into the base
pits of prostitution. Patternized player's
would relentlessly slam her "joy stick" right.
left. up and down with no thought involv-
ed. Ms. Pacman was oblivious to the pain
being inflicted upon her. She was also
oblivious to her former ideals to merge
technology and creativity. All that mattered
was that she remain queen of the video
world. My feelings for her had dissipated. i
could no longer stand the sight of her. l ran
out the door never to play Ms. Pacman
again.

Recently it has been brought to my atten-
tion that Ms. Pacman has depatternlzed her
program and is still enjoying moderate suc-
cess. i wish her my best. But for me it is
time to look ahead. Once again 1 will be
spending January in the Capital District;
that is, providing no one in my family gets

 

accessibility of video games. Coming from
.....I .-

 

 

 

Atari for Christmas

 

 

 

 

 “retire-tun" — ... v- . 7 ' :

     

 

. . . . um”..‘.‘...‘...‘.‘.A.I

 

WOMAN or THE YEAR: MS. PACAAAN

 

.1

Mama.“

 

i
§
ism

 

 

 

QIII<n
-a.-uv-¢.ae.-o so-e-too-o-ono.....u.o..nauonnoooan

"to-coilno"oOno.Ioonot-econ.cocoooooooolotto-onoooooooooocalone-av

llillklES OlF Til-lib NW

A spects hopes the following rules will help alleviate some of
the controversies concerning video decorum.

l-Don't touch a player while he's playing. An accidenmi
bump by a careless observer can ruin a record breaking game. lie
careful.

2-Play with your head, not over it. Never go into debt
because of video obsession. A healthy alternative is to get a job at
O Heany‘s. then spend all your tips on Turbo.

3-Alwayo offer to play doubles with an awaiting
player. This enables players to discuss individual strategies. Alsr) a
good way to make friends.

. 4-Neuer play doubles after jogging. This ploy gives thw
jogger an unfair advantage.

5-pon't mistreat video games. Reparation for destroyed
machines can cost as much as $3.000. That’s the equivalent of six
months worth of Pacman.

6-Don.'t create distractions in arcade. The advice of El"
Hutton Will not benefit a Pacman player so keep it to yourself.

17‘Don't covet thy friends score. if your friends initials
a Ways appear higher than your on the High Score List don't get
mad; get even!

8-Don't lie about your high scores. Exaggeration is allow
ed. however. '

9-Don't laugh at other I ' ' l ‘
bish video addicts. P “ye'sf‘my- N°b°dy l'kes 5n")

{mtg-3:63:11" "luxch seat drive." Advice while playing only C0”
ayer. or some of us ' l ’1
difﬁcu“ to Obey. expert players this rule is the mire]

 

  

mum..u...._..,“w_
. .. ﬁmmgmrmm V I

 

 HW‘WEM -

  

 

 

 

eighty-two in review

The Women’s Movement:

Sisterhood“ Is Powerful—
A Look At The
Year’s Progress

1

982 marked the fourteenth year of the second feminist movement. if you date
1 from the Miss America demonstrations of 1968. i use this date rather than the

publication of Betty Friedan’s The Feminine Mystique in 1963 because 1968
marks the beginning of an organized feminist movement. 50 this means that if you're a
"typical" student. aged 18 to 22. the movement has been around for over a third of your
life. One third. And in eVery one of those fourteen years there have been battles. big and
small. over laws. social customs. and all aspects of women's lives. Every year has brought
not only new struggles. but always battles to retain hard-won victories which are constant-
ly threatened.

Thunder

1982 saw grow on a wide array of issues: nuclear disarmament. reaganumlcs. effects on
women. racism In the women‘s movement. anti-semitism; and continuing work por-
nography. reproductive rights. Women's safety. and the ERA. Willi the current consers
vative cllniate in this country. some. of the battles have grown more heated. and the gains
have been harder won. But progress continues. The defeat of the ERA has made many
women aware of their political skills. and has increased their determination to succeed.
But there's more to the feminist movement than the ERA. as the listing below
demonstrates. What follows is a random. subjective sampling of national and local hap-
penings which reflect both progress and setback. (National news culled largely from the
feminist monthly 0/] our hacks. although any errors or omissions are solely my respon-

sibilily.)

 

2/ 12 Pliyllls Sclilnfly spenks in Cleveland. The Pro Choice Action Committee
metamorphisizus into Ladies Against Women In order to point itp Sclilally's inconsisten-
cles. LAW motto: I'd rather be ironing. (And they say feminists have no sense of humor.)

2/26 Five black women win $535.01“) lll (latitagcs nfter beittg injured iii an attack by
the Kit Klux Klan in Chattanooga.

February: The film Personal Best opens castigated by the feminists for its exploitative
presentation of women's bodies.

3/8 international Women's Dsy.(Did you know?)

3/10 Senate Judicial Committee approves Hatch Amendment to constitution (pro-
hibiting abortion) by 10-7.

April: Not A Love Story. a Canadian feminist film about pornography. opens in New
York for what will ultimately be a 7-month run.

4/18 Meg Christian. a lesbian feminist performer. appears at Page Hall. Albany.

6/11 American Friends Services Committee and the US branch of the Women's Inter-
national League For Peace and Freedom sponsor a Global Feminist Disarmament Con-

ference at Barnard College. NY.

6/12 One nilllion people gather in New York City to protest the nuclear arms race and
demand disarmament. Over 1700 arrested in acts of civil disobedience at various em-
bassies. Women's groups make up large percventages of all participants.

6/30 ERA fails to gain last three states needed for ratification and goes to defeat. 150i)
peopll rally in Wasliinton. asserting “ERA Won't go away”.

7/14 Representative Patricia Schroeder (D-CO) re-introduces the ERA in the House.
Over 200 Respresentative cosponsor the measure.

July: A Women‘s Rights Park. under the US Parks Service. opens in Seneca Falls. NY.
to commemorate the Women's Rights Convention in 1848. Even before it opens. officials
are saying it may not survive due to "budget cuts".

July: Sonia Johnson. former Mort on housewive. now a feminist activist. annouces
her intention to run for the presidency of the National Organization for Women (NOW).
Her annoucement stresses the need to include lesbians and minority women in the

organization's goals and strategies.

7/20 In Boston. over one hundred state-employed home care workers (mostly Black.
Hispanic. and Hatian. and all women) march on Governor King's campaign headquarters
gc increases and other benefitsU'l'he Women are organized as the United

to demand wa
ind by home care workers.

Labor Union. and their action is the first of its k

 

 

 

 

 

lam the lover and the loved,

home and wanderer, she who splits
(firewood and she who knocks, a stranger
in the storm,two women, eye to eye
‘measuring each other’s spirit, each other’s

limitless desire, .
a whole new poetry beginning here.

 

, Adrienne Rich, “Transcendental Etude”

 

H/ 12-8/15 7th annual Michigan Women's Music Festival occurs. Over 8.001) women
attend four days of women's music and company

3/17 Killing Us Softly. it film about advertising images of women. plays (ll lltc Social
Action Center to Albany.
‘J/Ii-‘l/(i Tlil.‘ Llntl Annual New England Women's Musical Retreat ucrurs in Connec-
tii'ut.
0/29-10/1 Women's Safety Awareness Days at SUNYA. Three days of Workshops.
films. PiiitclS. and speakuls. including Kitten Burstein .ind Janice Fine. A consciousness
raiser.

li)/l Take Back The Night Marches on the SUNYA campus and in downtown Albany.
The SUNYA march saw 20 unainied Women harrossed. mooncd. and pelted with eggs

 

by threatened SUNYA males. The downtown match was attended by over Still Women

and a few men.

lll/B-lil/ ll) NOW National Conference. Judy Goldsmith (outgoing Eleanor Smeal's
chosen successor) wins the organization's presidency by a narrow margin. Ballot process
disputed. but election results accepted.

10/8-10/11 Women Against Pornography (WAP) organizes a demonstration against
"SexPo '82". the first Northeastern trade show for pornographers. Purpose of demo. is to
point out that pornography is not "sexual liberation". but rather it "enslaves Women". as
WAP founder Dorchen Leidholt put it. Another of WAP's many educational actlvltles.

10/14 WAP and American lndian Trade Committee. among others. protest against
pornographic home videogames. which feature tape and the sexual degradation of
women. One game in particular has as its goal the rape of an lndian woman by a Custer-

like "hero".

ill/28 Albany Feminist Forum sponsors a reading from Nice Jt'ii'is‘li Girls. an an-
thology of Jewish Lesbian writings published in May.

11/0 The Wallflower Order Dance Collective performs at Page Hall. The group
touches off a controversy in the SUNYA and Albany women's communities for tis support

of the PLO. Dialogues continue.
11/9 Holly Near at Page Hall.

11/12-11/15 SASU Women's Caucus Conference. One Focus of the conference is
the effects of Reaganomics on women.

11/18 Gloria Joseph. black feminist activist and professor at Hampshire College,
speaks on coalition building in the women's movement. Her talk prompts While Women
and women of color on the SUNYA campus to begin a dialogue to overcome mutual
distrust and find ways to work as a coalition.

11/26 Olivia Records. the first national women's recording company. celebrates its
tenth anniversary with a gala concert in New York's Carnegie Hall. Two shows by Meg
Christian and Cris Williamson sold out two months in advance

12/1 Women Against Pornography (WAP) presents a slide show in the Campus

Center Ballroom.‘ About 50 women and men attend.

This listing does not include women's centers. battered women's shelters. bookstores.
and other organizations which were formed during the year. The women's movement.
contrary to the image (or lack thereof) in the media. is alive and active all over the country
and around the world. Grassroots women's organizations and networks continue to
grow. reaching many women who would not otherwise be active.

1983 presents even more challenges- defense spending increases. social service cuts.

-.in accelerating arms race. threats to reproductive freedom, and more. The struggle con-
:inues. And remember what Susan B. Anthony said: “Failure is impossible". D

Photograph By JEB

 

 

 

 

 
 
    
   
  
  
 

 

     

