   

 

 

_gm~rm

‘ ""‘"“t'ﬁfﬂW:::v!‘.‘r.r;xmautart-ca. 1: Labia-Ht .1. ~_ 1.. s.-. -.:.  k t... :- {rum 1. .7 v.1.

1’

 

 

 

E D

 

lT'O Fig!

A L

 

 

Peacemaker

"Tire immense destructive power posed by the MX missile
. . . will make the arms rare for more coItrpIe.\' and
.'lttlii.'(’l‘uit$.

—— Sen. Mar/t Hatﬁeld (it-Oregon)

Congressional Record. July 25. I979

P resident Reagan dubbed the system "the

Peacemaker.“ In an old westerti of his he woitldl

have been more likely to crill it “the (‘rreat

l-Iqitali/cr." What he's trying to nrake seem less ominous is

tlte M.\' tttissic program he suggested to Congress and tire
nation in a speech last night.

’l o carry the western analogy furtlter. lte tised fancy color
graphics and fartcy rhetoric to tell the American people tltut
The Other (‘ruy has more nuclear shotguns and atomic six-
shooters. and we've got to get a lot more so we'll be safe.

The Air Force ltris played with mobile missile launchers
since the post-Korean war era. The idea became less
popular itt tlte 60s. and wasn‘t picked up again trtttil formal
development began in I972. After sortittg througli two
doien different basing concepts. Carter decided to go with
the “race track" idea. That expensiv ' atrd environmentally
suicidal plan died from lack of support.

Now Reagan wartts the MX concept revived. ‘in tire
"dense prick" configuration. This plan woirld pirt l.t)t)0

death maker

new atomic warheads on 100 of the most deadly accurate
nuclear missiles ever constructed. These would be tiglttly
packed in a strip of land near Warren Air Force Base in
Wyoming 14 miles lortg and one rrrile wide.

“The Peacemaker" is one of the ritost dangerous addi-
tions to the nuclear arsenal in decades. The government-
estimated cost of the missile progrrun is $25 billion. and the
MX is just one part of the $1.6 trillion military buildup
Rcagriri has planned for the next several years.

The US. already has over I).20tl strategic nuclear
warheads —— the Soviets have orin about 5.000. While the
Soviet Union has iirrrde strong gains in the number of
missiles. the warhead is wlirtt really spoils your day. The ex-
treme accuracy of tire MX will adtl first strike capability to
the nuclear force. arid will present a knockout threat to
Soviet silos. This could force the Soviets to build more
rrtissilcs. and perhaps push them to adopting. a "launch on
warning" policy. The new system can do nothing but in-
crease nuclear tensions.

It's time that U.S. negotiators srit down and seriously
discussed nuclear weapons reductions. All of the proposes
Reagan's representatives at the arms control talks have
stressed reductions in lurid based missiles. The unfair pro-
posals have ignored the fact that the lJ.S. has many rriore

warheads. witli a nuclear force stress on multiple-warhead
missiles. Also. they have glossed over the fact that 70 per-
cent of the Soviet Union's missiles are land based -— ltalfof
the U.S.'s warheads are carried on board invuncrable sub-
marines. The proposals have also forgotten that about a
third of the Soviet nuclear force isn't targeted at the U.S.
but at China. All of the preposals would ltrive left the US.
off in a rrnrcli stronger position. and the Soviet Union in a
subordinate position. it was never intended that the Soviets
accept the proposals -— they were merely offered to give lip
service to what Reagan described itt last night's address ‘th
the administration's desire to get “deep cuts in the world‘s
arsenal of weapons." What they have beer " ing is only
working to increase the fervor of the arms race.

The lrillion-attd-rt-half dollars that Reagan is’ setting
aside for the return of the (‘old War is desperately needed
elsewhere. Jobless benefits for thousands of workers
without work due to the Reagan recession ttre soon titre to
expire. leaving a huge burden on the social services agcn~
cics. The welfare system can't support this new drain. it's
already stretched to the limit.

The MX missile prograrrr. as presented by President
Reagan last night. is a dangerous. obscene waste of tax
money when it is so much needed for people. I l

 

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Education -

lt scems so vagtie. but i crttt rcnrentbcr my years iti gram-
mar ttttd middle school so very well. ()t'tcn “those were the
days" when l cared for everything btit to learn. That \ .is
the time when i went to class iri order to "get by". smiled at
the teacher in order to "get over". and crammed for a test
iti order to "keep from going under". lti retrospect. l'm
now just begirirtittg to rcali/e all the potential that was tlterc
for me to just learn for the sake of learning. This was a
period. in our intellectual growth. that w - as students were
capable of learning without having to worry about looming
tuition increases and pertdirrg financial aid cutbacks. This
was a time you could attain knowledge for knowledge's
sake - learn for the s' ‘e of learning.

Van Henri White

 

 

In grammar. middle. and high school We were all brought
up with the belief that education is the process of attaining
knowledge. We were further taught that the only way we
could comprehend that knowledge was to ask questions
about the materials that were t before us daily. And so
many of us in those early years of education found
ourselves asking questions dealing with the basic reading
writing. and arithmetic. And as we advanced through our
high school years we asked yet still more complex questions

 

 

etting by

dealing with the adtattccd physical rind social sciences of
the world.

College came upon us rind tltc ambiguity of its world
made us fantasize about all the potential there was to learn -
if learning is what we had iti mind. Some of us had cxpccttp
tions that our storehouses of knowledge would be expand-
ed to unthouglit of heights. By uskirtg an endless array of
questions we thought we might better understand the coat-
plex es of the world and the perplexitics of its past.

However. it is on a somber tiote that most college
students find themselves asking a different type of ques-
tion. Instead of rtskirtg the traditional questions of

academia. college students rrrc compelled to ask questions
essential to their tncrc survival iii the institutions we call
universities and colleges.

No longer is it sufficient to ask what did it cost the
American Revolutionaries to declare their independence in
1776. we mus: also ask what are the costs we must bare in
order to continue our education in 1983. Many freshman
college students. instead of asking who was Ceaser Chevez.
Daniel Hale. or Earl Warren. are asking how much more
will tuition go up because Chancellor Wharton. Governor
Carey and President Reagan tell its it is not "cost effective"
to give a quality education at a low cost

And many sophomores and juniors instead of asking
“shall i take Algebra. Geometry. or Trigonometry" are

risking how many times shall our Student Association taxes
be multiplied and why is student political strength so divid-
ed. And tnttny seniors and grrttluate students instead of
looking to our future with interest are compelled to ask
how shall i pay the interest on the loans that I received
while trying to “expand my mind". Many of these students
feel that instead of getting ahead they have actttally fallen
behind. Like other college students they realize that these
questions rrre a far cry from the traditional questions of
academia that were prevalent iti grammar arid high school.

Nonetltele ' these questions are indeed intriguing and
our intellectual growth is made contingent upon their
answers. But one is compelled to wottder whether rt student
can actually learn in an environment where lie/site must
worry about everything else but intellectual growth. With
this conclusion l have often thought I arii reacting to my
university education the same way I did to my pro-college
education. if you remember “those were the days" when l
cared for everything but to learn. But now there is a dif-
fcrencc; i go to financial aid in order “to get by" for
another year. smile in order “to get over" my fear of the
future. and work hard only “to keep my grade point
average from going‘undcr." i only hope and pray that stu-
dent. administrator. and politician will realize that we are
here to learn - to attain knowledge for knowledge's sake. l l

 

 

EA5Y To 5TORE '
BRIG/IT ﬂfWﬂiC/(AGE

Ea‘éieR FoR THe
PUBLic To BUY

 

 

51bit ‘81 NM
705W ram. Marita CPS

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

PRe-eM "rive FiRéT
éTRiKe ‘éceuaRto

JMuTuaLLv—aaauae o"
DeSTRucT'oN éceuaRio

SecoND sTRtKe
CaPaBiLiTY aceuagto

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. t u relay-P'Mh‘)‘

I'c

 

L E

 

TATE

R S

 

 

Wilted Wallflower

To the Editor:

I would like to know why the sponsors of the Wallflower
Order allowed them to appear on this campus when the
Feminist Alliance and other sponsors knew two weeks
before the performance that the dancers were in political
alliance with the PLO. The Palestine Liberation organiza-
tion is a violent terrorist organization dedicated to using
any and all methods. even the senseless and unnecessary
killing of innocent lsrricli citi/ens. to form a Palestinian
state. it is‘ not a commendable organization. ‘

in addition to tlcdicatittg their performances to the Pl 0.
tlte Wallﬂower Order distributes Anti-Semitic leaflets calls
ed “lsrael: The New Nit/i Slate". i don't ttrtdeistarid wiry
such a racist group who openly supports a terrorists
organization was permitted by their sponsors to appear
here at SUNY. And. why were they allowed to hand out
hateful. filthy leaflets? Where were the groups who brought
them here when the dancers were doing this'.’ the article in
'l‘ucsduy's ASP said that the sponsors found out about tlte
dedication two weeks before the performance date. liven it‘
it was not known that they gave tint bigoted literature. the
very fact tltat the group supports the Pit) should have
caused them to cancel the performance.

it is a terrible llting when a group is allowed to come to
this SUNY campus nrtd spread ugly. hateful literature
directed against more than rt third of this school. i cart only
wonder who will be next. the K11 Klux Klan?

-Shirron T. Ytrnker
Clarifying Marx

To the Editor:

in his article on Mti’rxisni (ASP Nov. l2). Mr. Robert
Martiniaro berrtoaned the general lack of knowledge and
then. himself. made the surprising statement that. “Marx
envisioned personal and political freedoms within the
framework of Marxism. and Lenin and 'I'r'olsky irri-
plerriented those frecdortis after the revolution." He went
on to say that it was Stalin who "effectively. destroyed
those freedoms."

The totalitarian character of Russian socialisiri was evi-
dent lottg before Stalin came to power arid indeed. rnatty
years before the communist takeover of the country. It was
this fact which led Marx to resign from the communist par-
ty when Russian inﬂuence bccairie controlling.

Shortly after the communist countcr~rcvolution which
crushed the liberal government which followed the fall of
the Tsar. Lenin permitted exactly one electiori--in Moscow.
Although his opponents were harassed and obstructed.
they defeated him sOiindly. Lenin promptly suppressed the
election and no free or open election was ever allowed
again. it was also Lenin who rcirtcurriatcd the 'ist secret
police with the creation of the dreaded Cl IEKA. The term
"clrckitsky" is still used today to describe members of the
KGB.

Totalitariart socialism or. or to use the appropriate
generic term. fascism. was firmly established by Lenin from
the outset. Wltilc Stalin may have been the most powerful
of the modern tsars and. possibly. trtore ruthless than
Lenin. he did not have to make arty changes iii the system
or in the ideology he ltad inherited from Lenin and Trotsky.

-T. D. Scott

 

Clean colonists

To the Editor:

i would like to call attention to the current cleaning situa-
tiort on Coioriial Quad. The amount of times our
bathrooms are cleaned has been cut. especially on the floors
in the lowrises which have cornrnutiity facilities. liudgct
cuts ltave been offered as an excuse for this unsanitary cun-
dirion. but there is no acceptable excuse for these cir-
cumstances. Something tntisl be done immediately. either
by filling the gaps existing in the cleaning staff or by iii-
creasing the number of times the bathrooms are cleaned.
Will it take an outbreak of body [ice or other parasites
before action is taken? The health of the sttttlctit should not
be sacrificed under any circumstances. I believe our dorm
fees are high enough to allow us a cleriri. healty environ-
ment in which to live.

-John 'l‘riolo

Pragmatic cynicism
To the Editor:

Front l2.000 miles away it would be considered brash to
Offer advice on how an issue should he dcrtlt with at
SUNYA; however. I hope first to be refuted. and then
after to be thought a meddling no-good. A reversal of this
process would only cause me to write more letters. which
i neither have time nor the editorial page has space.

i hear that the ROTC issue is. as a itiatter of practicality.
to be reduced to an issue of sexual discrimination. For
those with a pragmatic bent this would be thought the
Witrcst means. However. to accept this approach (and this is
the reason for which i do not) one must assume first and
Iprimarlly that all people are naturally stupid. on two

couttts. First. they are too stupid to understand more fun-
damental arguments of Academic Freedom (I will not claim
they are my arguments. Plato and Milton said the same
thing long before. though last year i put them in a more
simplistic form). that is that ROTC conflicts with the
ideals of education. Second. that they are too stupid to
recognize that what is ostensibly an argument calling for
the removal of ROTC frorn the univesity is lit fact only an
argument that ROTC should be improved in this one facet,
that is. it should allow gays in. This is to sriy tltrtt the
piagnlatists must assume that their own adherents and the
“other side“ are too stupid to rccogtii/e that the argument
they use is tirtssctl.

Ultirttately. when the University Senate convenes to vote
on Rt)l(‘ it should. I believe. though the wording may be
different. center its discourse on a bill of this nature.
li’lit-rerrs. the ROTC program rv externally t‘tttlllU/lt‘tl. I.('.
taught by professors who do Iitll htth university rip/nitrit-
Illt’lll.\ tltitl do not enjoy rrcrult-nirt'_/reeiloni us ll is ordinarily
understood. rind wherein. the R()'l‘(‘ curriculum taken as a
whole does not. in its substance rind .etnrlv. deserve to lie iri-
('lllflt'll in the course offering it] the State University of New
York at rl/ltitlli‘.

[ie it resolver]: T’ltl/ the University Senate requests Ilte'
l’reiirlerrt In:

I. ii"llllllltltl academic credit fro/It any runner ttjﬂ'll’tl ’5'
the Reserve ()jfit'er‘i' Training ("or/n ut the end of the Cirr-
rent Academic Year.

2. Requests the Uni i'l’ﬂllli'll) terminate the faculty appoint-
ment of the present instructor of these courses at the Phil of
the current academic )'t’ttl‘ and to til/ow nofurtht'r i'ut'h up-
poi/rtrnents.

3. Request the University to reuse tlte allocation ii/vatit‘t' to
the Reserve Officer's 'l'rttiiu'ng Corps in the University gym-
Iltt.\'lltlll which l.r prevent/yI being. used for office .vput'e and
the teaching tift'otirs'es. and that this will he implemented at
the end of the current academic year.

-t. Request the University to withdraw the description of the
Reserve Officer‘s Training ( ‘urps' program from the
Undergrrulturle Bulletin.

When. and only so long as. the opponents of R()T(‘ set
aside their “piagnurtie cynicistu'ﬂtheir cyttical belief that
only the catchy. the easy arguments are capable of per-
suading Iltc studettt and faculty bodynand when the op-
ponents of ROTC really try to understand the fundamental
issue. this is when the brittle will be won. Noble ends rc—
tpiirc nobel means.

-Riclutrd Lerner
I-‘udun University
Shanghai. (‘hiiiu

Norton explains

To the Editor:

Thank you for the fittc article on llorrroplrobia by Mark
(icsncr. It presents an important story.

However. there is one paragraplt that reflects either that l
mis—spuke (which has been known to happen). or rt
misundcrstauding. "hat is the strtteiiietit ". . . ten percent
of the population has chosen to be gay." according to Nor-
tiort. "This decision is one that takes many gay men and
women years to make."

Lesbians arid gay men do not choose to be guy; as iri-
tlicatetl in the paragraph following in the story. ritost of its
discover ourselves to be lesbian or gay. We do. then. with
rrrorc or less agony. decide whether to act on tile l'ecliugs we
fitid inside onrsclv Thus it is that about ten percent of the

 

population find themselves lesbian/gay.
' —Joseph L. Norton
Professor of Education

Book steal

To the Edlttir:

This is a plea to all students and members of the Univer-
sity ('ommunity who may have had books stolen.

Please come to the bookstore as soon after the incident
occurs as you possibly cart. We now have a fairly "fall
safe" system for not only recovering the books. but also for
identifying the ittdividttul who sold them to us.

The last tliirtg llarues and Noble wants to do is buy stolen
merchandise. and unless we know that a particular book
has been stolen. it's pretty difficttlt for us to help.

So please - if you lose a textbook. or have your textbook
stolen. please come to the bookstore right away arid report
it. We‘ll do our best to recover it for you.

' "Marl Campbell
Manager. Barnes and Nollie llookstore

Abitrary cuts

To the Editor:

1 hill a disgruntled tnernbcr of the rtcadetnlc community
who believes that it is liiglt tlirie that concerned students
speak out against the intolerany narrow-minded policies
which the administration adheres to. The policies which I
find most offensive are those regarding the allocation of
monetary resourc ‘.

l rtgrce that the current global recession must necessarily
impose restraints upon spending and that it is a difficult
task to then tlelegatc where these restraints should be tip-
plicd. However. it appears that “budget cuts". if you will.
here at SUNY Albarty. ltavc been applied in a purely ar—
bitrary fashion. At first glance. it becomes apparent when
one delves further into the rrtire of the administration's
policy—making idiosyncracics. however. that therc is a sub-
tle. eotnmon thread ~ perhaps a method to this madness?
Yes » the subordination of academic priorities to those of
an economic nature. it is clear that the administration has
chosen a path which dictates the expenditure of time.
energy and precious resources for those activities which are
more pocket-expanding than rtiind-expanding. ()ttc exam-
ple of this injustice is manifest in the distribution of the
workforce on campus. One simple solution might be to
crrtploy those eager traffic violation dispensers more gain-
fully. ] attt sure we are all acquainted with their tireless ef-
forts. particitlarly litillL able ill the early morning hours as
they patiently await the stroke of 8:30 a.m.. their motors
running. Why is tlte university crrrploying tltcse people to
wait? Not only is this rtn inefficient use of manpower, but it
also cannot be cotrsidcred to be it) the best interests of orrr
nation's cticrgy policy. Why not employ these menthch of
the workforce more efficiently and honorably - dare 1 pro-
pose it? — in the library!

There is one fact amidst all this disorder which is often.
curioust enough. overlooked: this is a tiniv r'sity. a learn-
ittg institution whose function tnust remain itrviolrttc irt this
changing world - to provide ati environment conducive to
the pursuit of rrcrtderrtic interests. This is its first and
foremost priority. One university's method of setting
priorities may not scent otninously portentons. (indeed. it is
arousing). but the trctrd upon whose coattnils it is riding
bodes ill not only for the academia. bill also for societY-

-Sbaron Squassnnl

 

 

 

    
 

torture.
lt tti'.'

i‘trl‘.‘»

33151260128

Dunn Bail. fittim ill Clrret
Wayne Paarubuoni. Managing Editor

é

Established in 1916

Editorial
New: Editotl . . . . . . . . . . .. .

. Mark HntnumntiJorl Krrplowllr
Annotate New: Editor. .. ...

Debbie Judge
Dobbin Mltlinan

 

 

 

ASPectI Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,
Anaocllta ASPectl Editor . .. . . . . . . . . . . .. Megan G. Taylor
Sound Editor . .......... , Robert Schneider
Vlslon Editor ..... Damian VanDunhurgir

 
 

. . , , . . . . . . . .. . . arcltairpat
. . . Mark Goariiir. Marc Schwarr

.     .Ltaastrntn
. . . . . ..Nant:y Dludurlks
Contributing Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Andraw Carroll
Edltatlal Aututantn: Eon Gtiriiinliu. Dubliiu Plotata. stall writers: Gina
Abo u. Howard (lunch. Mtka Dﬂnaun. ﬂotii Britisur. nay Catlulurn. Kari Cun-
tor. AG. Cnitar. Tracey Currntchaul. Hubert-Kannth chkoy. Ellt Fischer.
Barry Gatlrtur. Scott Gorachwar. Hobart Gordan. Stave Gosaot. Stopltutt In-
told. Danluo Knlairt. Ciiiiitrra M. Groenn. illno Lavtno. Donna Machllan. len
Marks. David Michauluon. Laura Nirsa. Mutt Nichols, Bqu‘Btlan. Carl Pntkti.
Karon Plroul. Phil Plvnlck. Linda Quinn. Liz notch. Randy Roth. Ellun San~
taaluto. Llannntr Sakolowakt. Spectrum Ind Events Editor: Ronl Ginsberg

Sparll Editor .. .
Auacllte Sport: Editorl

 

 

  

   

 

Busrness
Bonnie Stovnnl. Business Manager
liody Binder. Associate Business Mlltlaltt
Janet Drclluu. Adverttalng Manual;
John Trot-no. Sal" Man-gar

KritenSatdotl.Judy Torel
Atlano Katlowilz
Jennifer Bloch

Mickey Frank

Billing Aecountantl .....
Payroll Supervisor . ... . . ...
Office Coordinator . . . .. 
cits-allied Mantra-L. .. . ... . .
CornpusittonManuaur .. . . . . . ., ... .. .Molisan Wasuarman
Advertising Salt": Potot Forward. Nail 5o sinan. Advertising Production
Managers: Mindy Horowitz. Susan Pririrlmrrn. Advertising Production:
Randna Euiiar. Rout Ginsberg. Jana Hirsch. Michaltu Horowitz. Julie Mark.
Eileen Stavln. Rhonda Wotl. oltica Stall: Eileen Newman. Gay i’etoa:

Production
Jack Duueblag. Productrari Manager
Mlcnut Catmln. David Mich-clean. Associate Production Managers

 

 

   

  

chlnttypautlu . Cathlo Ryan
VarilcalCamlrl... .. ..  ... ....Bltl8nntltu
'Pntu-up: Janina Barker. Adam Buttull. Laslru Fratkln. Gall Mattoll. Patty Mlt
ciirrll Typl :Joycn Balk. Bill Bouncy. Erica D'Adnnto. Mary Dugnan. Micki
Ftﬂnk. Joanna Glldotirlaava. Stovo Gtoottbttum. Elizabeth Hoyrnan. Glnr-
Huber. Kotly Lana. Bruce Park. Dobbin Schiller. Mark Wallet. Chauffeur: .‘n'
Ollanakt

Photography

Supplied prlnctpally by Univarslty Photo Service. a student group

Chi-I Photograph”: Dnva Asher. UFS Stall: Chuck Bomateln. Alan Calant.
Amy Cotton. Shorty Cotton. David Hauson. Mlcholo Kutcham. Hilary Lane. Ed
Maruaalcn. Lats Mattauoni. Alan Mantle. Susan Elaine Mtndlcn. David Rivals.
Lisa Simmons. Erica Spulnot. Sana Stutuknmp. Warren Stool. Jlm Valanllno.
Marty Walcoo, Will Yunnan

 

 

Entlu content! copyright w 190! Albany Student Pllll Corporation.

The Albany Studnnt Press to published Tuesdays and Frldlyl between
August anti June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an Independent
nut-topprottt corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor In Cnlut with mamban of the Editorial
Board; policy ll uublaot to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising poltcy
doors not necessarily tulluct oditortal policy.

Matllnu address:
Albany Student Press. CC 320
Moo Washington Ave.

Albany. NV '2222
(510) 457-8892l332213389

 

 

 

mm... .. ,

m" W M

w.-:;.Vrr...-w Mm‘

i

 

a dint-n. ..._

 

 

«.«Ammu

~W‘m. 422‘.“- wear—

my...

