 

 

 

pdge 6a/February 26. 198B

 

OUN D

 

ike. it’s a bird. eh? Take off. it's a
L planel No. it's Bob and Doug

Mckenzle. two brothers from Ed-
monton. Alberta (that's in Canada. by the
way). With the speed and force of an Arctic
blizzard they’ve entered the hearts. minds.
and vocabularies of people from Vancouver
to Miami. Of course. in reality. Bob atrd
Doug are just creations of the minds of Rick
Moranls and Dave Thomas. two members of
the cast of Second City Television.

liRobert Schneider

snow all .the way to tire Arctic circle.

Bob and Doug are national heroes up
.north. They've even been nominated for the
Order of Canada. What Is Ironic Is that the
people that they gently poke fun at—beer
back bacon eating Cana-

drinking.
dtans—have fallen In love with them.
There's even talk of a movie. South oi the

border. people who've never been north oi

Atlanta are saying things like "How's it gotrr.
eh?" and “Take off!" Unfortunately. to a
longtime fan of SCTV like myself. it's sad to
see people doing Bob arid Doug with air lrtslr

 

SCTV is quite possibly the most con-
sistently funny show on TV today. and much
of the blame for this can be laid at the feet of
these two. SCTV is filmed In Canada. and a
governmental regulation that requires the
show to have uniquely Canadian content
brought Bob and Doug's talk show. the
"Great White North." These two characters
are CANADlAN. from the top oi their to-
ques (ski caps) to the bottom oi their water-
proof. insulated boots. 0n SCT V. tirey have
their own talk show. but there's otte pro-
blem: they have no topic. So they just ram-
ble. Their ramblings have provetr so popular
In the US. and especially Canada. that
they've released an album. By all accounts.
the album is doing very well In the U.S.. but
In Canada. it's so hot that it's melted the

alnstream Hollywood has lotrg
M seen itself as the victinr of a

hostile and misunderstanding
press. so It isn't surprising that journalists get
the short end of the deal In Abscence of
Malice. The title however. is misleading —— itr
their effort to indict the press as a whole. the
film makers end up condemning themselves
with a film that not only lacks subtlety. but is
rife with sexism as well.

Mark Rossier

accent. or Inventing new words and expres-
sions like "hosemonster" and "Take off.
aye." That's the price of success.

One possible bad outcome of this success
could be the demise oi the original SCTV
show. The entire cast mesh so well together
that It would be a shame to see the show
end. in favor oi Bob and Doug goitrg out
alone. To be sure. Moranls and Thomas are
master Impressionists. Moranls does Merv
better than Merv himself. Thomas oftetr ap-
pears otr Merv's show as a lisplng Ltberace.
Moranis' Woody Allen has ridiculed the
humor oi Thomas’ Bob Hope. These twu
are mulit-faceted and it would be a shame to
see Merv. Liberace. Bob. Woody. and. oi
course. the Beaver disappear over the hill
and dowtr Memory Lane. One can only
hope...

 

s. VISION

Bob & Doug Take Off

   

over...would you belteve...10 hours oi
studio time. From the first minute oi
"Welcome to ouralbum." Doug ls constantly
taking credit for everything. from the album
concept. to the idea for “Take off." to the
drum solo on that song. A nice segment is
“The Beer Hunter." which is a game to be
played with a six pack of beer catis. Sharper
listeners will catch a clever trick that Bob
plays on Doug In that game. in a later seg-
metrt. the scene shifts to Pete's donuts at 3
am. arid we catch a glimpse of the Mcken-
zles night life. as they try to bribe cups with
donuts. The “hit single" segment. which In-
ctdentally. has beconre a hit single. came
about because their lawyer offered Geddy
Lee. frotrr Rush. 10 bucks. and hell, “10
bucks is 10 bucks." The sttrgle Is a nice ditty.
with commentary from Bob and Doug in the i
background. There's a trlce little speech by
Geddy after the sottg. but unfortunately
many radio stations cut if off.

Side two opens with the multitalented

.‘I  ‘w , fl: .
The album itself was culled from

 
     

Doug doing sotne sound effects and impres-
sions. l've never heard oi Darth Vader say-
Ing “How's it gotrr. eh?" but i guess he's
Canadian. Elron Mckenzle (Doug) gives a
speech chldtng us not to kill bugs because if
everyone killed everything that they hated.
soon tlrere'd be no one left. Thanks Elron.
The two sing a cute version oi the Twelve
Days oi Christmas. substituting beer and to-
ques for more traditional Items. The album
ends wttir an argument about when it's going
to end.

All In all. the album is satisfying to listen to.
but whether or not Bob and Doug and tlrelr
humor can fill a movie and ultimately stand
the test oi time retnatns to be seen. Rambling
could wear thin. and this could happen If
their cotrcept is expanded from two minute
shows on SCTV to a movie. They shouldn't
“take off" on their own. SCTV offers them
plenty of room for their case of Moosehead.
the Coleman grill. and a hundred pounds oi
backbacon. So g'day. ehl

ith Fear And Favor

defend. Every reporter and editor showing is
totally lacking In responsibility; they violate
rules that even a first year Journalism student
is aware of. The filmmakers are so intent on
making the press look like monsters that they
sacrifice all sense of reality to do It.
However. it Is not the lapses ttr reality that
Irurt the ftltrr's arguments as much as the blav
tent sexism involved in the situation. Once
again ambition iii a wonratr is shown to be a

   

 

Briefly. Abscence of Malice Is the story of a
man (Paul Newman) who is tried atrd corr-
victed on the front' page of a Florida
newspaper for a crime he did not commit. it
turns out that the plrotrey story was leaked to
art ambitious female reporter (Sally Field) by
a special prosecutor who hopes to pressure
the trratr ttrto testifying against his gangland
relatives.

The problem with this storyline is that it is
not particularly Interesting or suspenseful on
Its own and It is totally Inappropriate for rais-
ing the Important question the film attempts
to consider. As the recent TV-nrovie Prlnre
Suspect showed. It Is possible to contemplate
the problems with a free press itr a
thoughtful. itrtelltgent way. but since the
story here is not accurate it is impossible to

t's not often that a band plays Albany
I exhibiting the kind of Showmanship

atrd fan appreciation that the Drer
showed Tuesday night at JB. Scott's. For-

tunately. there are some batrds left that will
even consider playing an 800 seat venue.

Steve Segore

Combining elements of rock. bluegrass.
jazz atrd probably most other forms presently
known. the Dregs music accomplishes all
that It sets out to do. They establisheda
magnificent rapport with “Divided We
Stand" and never seemed to lose t
throughout the one atrd oire~hali hour set.
The most Impressive element of the show
was the recurrent use of solos arid duettes.
even providing an electric rendition of the
Texasacoustlc classic "Ltmerock." The
traditional bluegrass numbers like “The

“"5"” show a high regard for their musical
ruins,

 

 

 

A5 Wits
the ~ -.v .. t,
Wmmmh mm at last year s Mayfest ap—

'“”'“’|Sl Steve Morse seemed to

«I‘M
Ben! the press: Paul Newman and Sally Fit'iff square tilt in Absence of Malice.

negative. damaging trait. Field's anrlrition is '
the cause of eveyone's trouble and her flint-
sy. self-centered moral code is directly
responsible for a death. in fact. throughout
the filttr Field's character is either jotti-
iralistlcally irresponsible. morally suspect. or
both.

What is disturbing about the character is
not the view It paints of reporters. but the

View it paints of women. The sex of the
character is disturbing because it Is so on-
necessary. Were the reporter a man. the plot
and theme would remain the same. All that's
aCconrplished by puttirrg a woman in the role
is that Director Sidney Pollack and Writer
Kurt Ludtke cart take pot shots at female In-
dependence atrd still provide the obligatory
bedroom scene.

Form the moment we see her Megan is

    

-v—ur v.

slowly being torn down as both a woman
atrd a professional. She is only happy when
she is finally helping Michael right the error-
ntous wrong she has done him. By the end
she ts totally subservient. Mercifully. Michael
and Megan don't run off together. but only
because Ire won't allow it. Her professional
atrd personal lives are ruitred. her self-
esteenr is iron-existent and her only hope is a

life wttlr her man. When he rejects her.
however. she Is heartbroken. but brave. after
all she knows she isn't really good enough
for him.

if Megan is the example of the predttory
female. Theresa (beautifully played by
Melinda Dilltotr) is the tdealized female vic‘ ‘
tinr. She is nothing but a mass of Catholic
repression who, without Michael around to
protect her. tells the reporter that she once
had an abortion: she kills herself because of
the shame. This particular development is
nothing new. we have all ktrowwtr for a long
time lltitl wotrren hate each other and tlrlrtk
nothing killing one of tlrelr own to get ahead.

The sexism of the project is surprising. not
because Hollywuod has becotrie so
liberated. but because of the public politics of
its stars. Plus It Is odd that a film that seeks to
raise social conciousrress iir one area. so
blatently ignores it Itr another.

Absccnce of Malice ts so morally corr-
tradictory that it effectively ends up destroy-
ing Itself. lts questions about the press are
well meaning. but pointless to light of its
melodramatic storyline. Ultimately. what is
most disturbing is that a movie so concerned
with protecting people front the power of the
press is not equally concerned with protec-
tltrg women from the far more prevalent
power of sexism.

Dregs ’n’ Rock ’n’ Roll

hold the band tighter than most arty
"supergroup" that will coirdescend to make
a brief appearance at J.B.'s

“Rock and Roll Park" etrrploycd the full
range of the Drugs capabilities its keyboardist
T. Lavitz blew soprano saxophone while
O'Connor & Morse provided background. in
Southern rock fashion. the two huddled with
bassist Atrdy West while still giving due-loom
to Morgenstertr. Pure Cohesion.

The five current Drugs irlbunrs have been
duly noted itr rock circles for their tactical
complexity. the studio is often believed to
enhance work of groups with a sound
theme. With the Drugs however. this ap-
pears to have very little or no effect on the
final output. Rod Morgenstein's ten minute
drutn solo and Mark O'Connor‘s moving iid
die solos best exatrrpllfied this

Currently. there are no vocal .on any
Dregs songs and this may have hampered
positive opinion from the omnipresent short-
stglrted "Industry predictors." Their next ef-
fort however. will corrtatn appearances from
Alex Liegerwood of Santana as well as Pat

 

 

Fit/.sitrrnrons of the Doohies. Former Yes
Guitarist Steve Howe is also slated to per-
form on Industry Standard. Previewing the
upcoming album (due for a late March
release). the Drugs played “Vitamin Q"and
Blood Sucking Leeches."

The most innovative individual figure iit
'l'uesday's show proved to be twenty year
old fiddler Marc O'Connor. .1 three tiitte
Grand National IIitldlirtg Cltitttipltltt. O'Con-
itot was afforded extended solo space on
runny trucks and his ducttes with the virtuoso
Morse were very well tecieved. Though the
Drugs have been performing for eight years.
0' Connor's existence has lasted ten mon-
tlis llis lttt'lllshttt may ltirve caused the
relative courttrercinl success of "Unsung
Heroes " llts handling of earlier Drugs
material for surpasses that of the original. He
spoke of his upcotneing appearance wrth
Merle Haggard for a PBS speCiitl focusing on
the young musicians of Airtetictr. to be aired
in April.

Mention was tirade of the great work by
the lighting and sound crews. ltr a large ball.

is is given. With J.B.'5 however this is a
.irorturrretital task.

If saying that the Dregs are the coundest
musical force currently performing is going
out In a limb. then so be it. Tire band ex-
pressed instt'umctrtally wlral most have trou-
ble doing verbally. Shgould they play
another Mayfest ot' even a J.B. Scott date,
(this was the third itr six tnotrtbs)--do yourself
a favor and experience what many have yet
to pick up on. '

Opening the show for the Drugs was "The
Ellen Mcllwitinc Gang". They performed it
35 minute shun"coirrpetently. showing it
heavy blues influence. iillert Mcllwnitrc told
this reviewer of her l'lcniliix-Joltnny Winter
guitar Influence. httt this irrfortunately did not
seem to |\\.'llllt.‘tllL' the overbearing bass riffs
and nonsensical blues wirils. Receiving .r
poor response. she left snrdonically noting
the "marvelous ncclairrr". in fact. In all
honesty. l tliitrk she cttt her performance
about twenty minutes short. She does have
seven albums llt print.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(continued from lmntl

2) Albany institute of History and Art: This Is
one of those Dewitt Cltntonish type places.
but many of the exhibits are especially wor-
thwhile. For Instance. "Paintings by Stephen
Hannock" has been gathering good reviews
of late. And for train freaks. there‘s "150th
Anniversary of the Mohawk and Hudson
Railroad."

The museum's located at 125 Washington
Avenue. Tues—Sat. iii-4:45. Suit 2-5.
463-4478.

3) Schenectady Mtrsetmt:'l'lrts has to be one
of the most beautiful exhibits around right
now. Wolf Kahn's oil paintings are on
display until March 7 and must be seen
While itr the museum you can catch two
ongoing exhibits: a cute. lrui informative
“Buttoned Up For Winter".cotrstslirtg of
winter Costumes and clothing from
1860-1930. and for the electricians In the
family: “The Way Things Were".dlsplaylng
technology of the past. Noit Terrace
Heights. Tues-Fri.1fl«4. Sat atrd Sun.12-5.
382-7890.

4) SUNYA University Art Gallery: Our very
owti Bill (Mann) Wilson is showing his util-
que paintings utrttl Feb.2i‘l (See
box).4)SUNYA University Art Gallery: Our
very owtr Bill (Manu) Wilson ls showing his
unique paintings until FebZH (See Box).
The second floor of the gallery features the
works of Paul Garland. Hts colorftrl water-
color abstractions are intricate atrd‘ltttriguing
and on display until March 5. As if these two
exhibits were not enough. the gallery offers it
third: a permanent collection of works from
1970-80. also showing through March 5.

Fine Arts Building. SUNYA. 'l'ues-l-‘ti. ill-4.
Sat and Sun. 1-4. 457-3375,

5) Capital Disrict Psychiatric Center
Galleries: Once you figure out what the nets
iii the stairwell are for. you'll iiird a quaint.
little gallery offering quality works. Such Is
the case with Helen St. Clair's abstract and
representational acrylics. oils. atrd drawings.
75 New Scotland Ave. Until Feb 2ft. Mon-
Tlrurs.12-5. l5ri.12-7. Srrt.l»5.445-(rt')4ti.

The Best of the Rest:
Albany:

Arltttie's Mezzanine Gallery: A.l{.O W.
Group Slow: Uils lry l2 (“L‘n artists Fuller
Road. Until February 2H 482-8881
l’friztt (lottery: SUNY Buffalo Masters lix-
hilrit. State Street itttll l‘trwtdwny llirtil
Match 20. Moitnl-‘ri H p in.
473-ltll2.
The Gallery of Art ttlltl Antiques: Painting
and Sculpture by a variety of artists 135
Washington Ave. Until March 2b. 'l‘ur'ssl'ti.
ll a.tn.-3p.tn.4o1i-447H
Mayfair Home Furnishings: Original Prints
by Neinrnn. Min. Calder. Dali and more.
Wall Rd. Daily ltl n.ttr,»‘) pm. Sat. lfl
tr,nr.-."r |‘t.lii. 45H-7flel
i’ostt-r f’lirs Galleries: Original Hire Art by
Secundrr. Altrriitn. l’ritrt'e. Kora. and others.
Art Ni riveirtr. Art Duct. and Old Albany
prints. 29.“) Hamilton St , Robinson Square
and iii Sclu-mrciirtlvr-Center City l’lam.
Mt'tr.~l-'ri, ltlzlltln nr -.’i:é‘ltip.nr Thurs til H
p or 4344280
fflttitrtttitg fittlf (itiflt'ry.
Wnshingh n Aw fltr
Mutt »|-'ii. ll.I’itl .r.rn ~l'5iil p.trt
4(rii-7l3‘lfi

n ttr.»tr

Varied Merlin 4053
Unitarian (jlriitclt)

   

.4..- ‘7.....,,..

ND ‘
& vistoN

 

 

 

any of us believe that objects of
M the natural world have a

"natural" place. Shells belting
scattered on the beach. roses adorn a trellis.
dead birds get buried — or at least are littl-
deir under bushes. And who has ever seen
porcupine quills? William (Manul Wilson. tn
works from his Ritual Series. currently being
exlribtied at Ilre University Art Gallery.
challenges t tur notions of a "natural." proper
place.

Manu’s Ritual Magic

Lynn Goldberg

 

W watercolor and pencil pieces depict
objects that we know about. but have never
had to examine. Balancing bones and twigs.
reeds and sand dollars. the ritual objects of a

culture mysterious to us. Ire succeeds itr
joltitrg us from our own comfortable perspec-

tives. We are forced to confront beauty in
unfartrlliar places. Recognizing beauty. We
can begin to respect what we have ignored
It is easy to miss the quartz veins shooting
through a stone when we just kick it around
on dirty asphalt.

Of his own work. Wilson States. “i draw

things and ’am drawn by them. not their
essence but their attributes. To betet know
their touch. smell. color. shape. to bridge lltt'
separation between them and me and so to
celebrate Mir common being." ‘

As he portrays objective beauty itr nature.

there is authentic personality in Wilson's

cutouts of people »— lifestze paintings on
shaped canvas. An endearing gree-eyed
woniatr (Al). (alro-dttel) peeks out from

Sun llll 

Big Top Art

here's an interesting effort rf vi u
I walk through "Center Ring: The

Artist" the right Witt]. l.<-.rvinir lltt'
Ulf'vt‘l' us on tho i- lllllr fl: Irt'l ltlrv New Y: 'Ilt
Stutt' Must-rim. Wltt‘l‘t.‘ this exhibit vii cut its
tttl and nrttfrtr'ts t‘r ttiittttt's tl-rr ugh Mtllt Ii 7.
vi It can make it left. prist .‘r wit-tint ltllililt‘ t:
Karl thllt'lltlrl. rttttl find yr insult in the w: ill)
if the t'tt(‘t|'~.;»ltt't'[1llltit'.\llti*|)t'\ tittltsll lrnrr
ttt’is ti irtitui “'l‘lw in i) ll! y" .nnl “Union.
I): lly." lrtiiiltthr p.tiirtt'tl Iltt flt'l wrrij- it\. lnirl
pltirt‘ \ r-l circus iv lk littttl'ti's rIIttl vim tltt‘
'l'lteir or III wrtllt scrim-u rrrtn
-iiht' r‘ttt'us lll.‘ .rtitsis tn: silo (not: its. cl: wir.
tlllfl .tt't- lirtts (lt’plt‘lt'tl by l’icnw Mutts-m
lit! in t .t in: rnr-trt "I y- ttl
irrtiittrts

tttnii'sritttrtIh its

l‘r tilt use-(Junior
t: tit y: u find the “nudity” -f thi-
blending L't‘ltlU with the "tllttsiv trs" i l the .ri
tist. mixing (lttc'sltl‘lth .tlv til the ttrtlliii' t l lltt‘

 
  

circus. itst'l

Andrew Carroll _

ilrts llltt\l| I] t). r.
wlt' w f'lllillt is

  

  

l'itt- imrokn l-r lln'

Milwaukee Art Museum.
ltt|\'l' c: nibinerl sclri lrri’shtp .titil .rttistic sen-
sitivity lll lltt‘ll st'li'ctir its The "nail" i l)]t‘t't\
ittr‘ t'irptiynting. 'l‘lti'y tt'llt‘i'l the llllt'l nnttrrt-
Iflltt‘ citrus itr thtrt iti III for .rrvrrv tin-y it t k
lniqlit illttl tttthittq. but up ili so
. "ltnttity lirvlly" .rt

tI‘\i’4ll lltf'

lllli’l' riiurs' sr'r-ttttr't Httlt'

 

lirstortcnf Sorir-tt- of (oily Alltt’t'tt'fttt flr'rorn~

iron ltrr "'I‘tn- otnrrtnt-ntnl
Dr'tittlt‘t r Itr'glt'iteil ltrtt not forgotten (Iit~
net of Wrrslnntit: it .rrnl II: n- \Nt‘tl but ll

p til -/i 1Ittp ttt do? rtléoi

Ir'ilrlritn (truss h'osloutrrtri Alllltlrt (‘ttpo th-
llrnr't-v. Wrttr'ti- lot i It ltniwil l’nper
11.30 2 .ill llttttt ll) 'l ties ‘5rll tllttl

tirzlllt-‘l lllt \‘Vt'tl about (dinner) 1le Control

Avenue

Schenectady:

Gallery 400' Vntietl Merlin. works by
Adams. Bull. lit-wden. l)t!tl(tll{). Milltrntn.

Mills. Soul and others. 410 State Street.
Mttltnlitl.’ 11-30311“). 'l'lrurs 73‘) p.trr..

'l.i'|’)tt"'i1ilﬂllr t'i/ .'

Snt til it lit -4 p in 374 C‘ti'ml
.Scltr'tri't‘lnrly boning." Hook Vitirttrttt Writtl

Mills tlllll l. Andrew Milli. 'u'llvui-
R'illt‘ltlitllt ()fhw Zirifir l’rrr tttl'rK-I" llntil
Mntt )- fr ltn's. Wt'il . I'Itur» ‘».rt 9

.t to -H li‘lll ’lTIl f't'lft’x.’
I'titi'.

vt’itsst'fl hittp' (.‘ofli-rri'» N'it (infli'ty ll-tli .‘r
century of Plt'il'iulitl'tltlt lllthlttllliittHv Le-
jittL’tI .‘i l'lillet Sclrni'hi l'llIL' Arts ('erttet Utr-
ttl Minclt ll.

li’crissclaer County Councillor fllt‘ Arts: ‘)tlt
Atitrunl Lairdscnpe lixhtlritinii. )ttt‘lt‘tl 18‘)
Second St. Until/\prild. Moth-lit. ‘J a.nr.-l'i

n .3. ri‘tmi a .nli .1 Unruly. lb» Hit. “it.” ..

Bill "Mann" Wilsr -ir
Set up No. 2
Oil. 108]

beneath a white sheet which she holds over
her trend lt cloaks around her shoulders.
draping doer but back. lntt without covering
her nakedness

Across lllt' gallery. .1 patron M’t'lllS to be
studying attotlwt genre of Wilson's work —- it
set has of small oils portraying organic objects.
vegetables. mostly Upon closer inspection.
the "patron" is yet another cutout. of Wilson
hinrsvlf. He seems to be iii the process of
t‘lItit‘l/lttg his own Work. The coutottts also
include four stunt-s illttl st tnrc objects seen in
his Ritual St'tlt'h. lltt‘ltttl(‘(l irr the show are
two small. t'lny. sculptures.

Wilson has been a Film Arts faculty
titettrhei of SUNY rrt Albany since 105‘).
This exhibition of his recent Works ishis eiglr
lt't‘ttllt oinopctsini show. two of which have

(itu tgt’ Luks
('fit or it

fttr‘l .rirruws. thr-tr repulse». l-tit frtltlitlt‘k Irltt
curios.in Ittittl'lltr'lt‘sk WI")|' .rwnre of l’ 'l
lirriinttti‘s Inn-.ini .ibout \ttt'ltt'tN its we we
trIrtiirt' his tittittiirtl one sln'trtt'rs. btit wr- .rlsn
tt-rrli/t' ilntt wt- Irrigltt ltttlt't'll slrrp down .r
Llitttt' or two at the sideshows
'l'lri' rrttistii tittt'rpti'tntrons
pilttttl'rx I f illitsit It irtitl itntltly
t: the spirit 1 i lltl' t'lt't'tl“ Itt its: wri wtry. litit
lltt’lt' .tlwrrys seems I'. llltl'. it t' to h of tlt'stlltl‘
brush-iii: ltt'N Wnlt
wry lllfllVlfllltll

I't'ill't'l this

Larch is ltttt'

\t' Ittltt'ltf lront'ntlt thr-
Ktilttt's tli urns express .r
p.tth- u. .rs tin-r,- poor ‘utll cyml .rt the vitlwoi
(iv: tgo |.ttks. “White (ll: in," is like \Vl‘il‘:
[it‘ltHl\'t‘. .rs I‘- Mnttsw'». "Hw: trl hwnll' wot.
tlo rtgli with g4 oil It‘rl‘a' II

N1 i all of llli‘ lllt'f in. me titiitt' st serious

't It! ‘1’.’/f'l[).'l.rF2

t’li'nimri f't’ntm' (Hill An .‘iliups. fltlgitrnl
l’tilll‘u lu/ 'lltotnrrs McKnight. l’. ’niildt'y
Ml as. lli'iilt Kurtoplsos trtrtl tllti’l‘v Sttrtt'
ninl Hi't‘vliil hlrt‘t'ts Mt‘ti (it i) rtltt .rt
ll It|. Sui ‘l ii iii -2 p.ttt ’lttirlli'iirH or
2‘72! trHl l lit Allirtity: Wirsliittgti‘trr Ave rrttd
l.:lllt Street ~

(tifri't titt'tih.’

(Tritskill (.‘r'trtt'r ior Photography: Stewart
l)t.‘tllt. Ron (ieilwrl. Liz l‘lotnn. lloget‘ l3.
.lolrrttiserr. l’eie Mclilligotl. Peter
l’olytricntrkcs. 59A Tinker 5t. Woodstock.
Until Mirrt'li lH. lrrl.-Tues. ll tun-S p.trr.
’ r l‘ t it).

.Lt‘h“ .._..i),t517‘.;4,,

 

 

been at the tin/or Gallery iir New York City.
lie has been the recipient of numerous
.rwirrtls. Including a research grant from the
State University of New York. Wilson has
llt‘l'll included nt invitational exhibitions
throughout the state His Work will be ex-
hibited rrl fltl' University Art Gallery through
l-‘clrrunry 28.

The Work of Paul Garland. faculty
tllt'lllllt‘l of SUNY .rt ()swego. will also be
exhibited through l'obtunry 28. This exhibi-
tri III of ('nrtlnml's w: tilt ix. jointly sponsored by

the Lei-win Museum (Syracuse); the

University Art (inllery (Albany): the Tyler
(ltlllt'lV ((iswego). the University of Nortlt
Dirkotn (Grand Forks. ND): l’erdut' Univer-
sity (W Lafayette. lttd ) and the Museums of
lllrttwit'k College (Ont'ontn). l7 l

 

Alt'\rtllllt‘l (Irrltli'r'a pit'i‘t's. pint of his great
t'llt or. pr: roii t it display .tt tltt' Mrisornrr of
Mr Ilt'ltt All in New York. ('nptute the whim»
so of lltt‘ t itt'ii\ ttt .r few quick swirls of wire
Mnrt (Tlinnnll's I‘ilt'll‘q is fantastic in typical
(Iimgnll ill-titlil't. winged goats. flyitrg'rrrusl-
t’tnns. limping ttl‘lt tints. These artists scurried
t: It'Npi lttl lttllt/ tr their childhood iiistiltctsto
hike the citrus itt litt‘t' vnlue. .rnd or I search
(it tlt'l‘Pl'l meanings,

The beauty of the exhibit is that it allows
lltl‘ viewer to do both: the skeptic and the ctr—
cus lover can both find something which
And for some brief. wundcrful

pli'ttses
"(Ii'ntot Ring" makes believers of
'l

ritwttri'itts.
ttsttll . ..

Ill/l'fl7U-Ulfrt7

(ittsktlt (infli-ry: Victorian Perspectives.
l'lt‘il"l_)lit])l|l(’ t’xlttl‘llilttt of European and
Atttt'itt'un photo snsetzirrttists. 398 Main
Httr't-t llittil Miitr'li (if) Daily "l a Iti.'.r) p.in..
s.” 13 it p.tn Sun 2-4 pm. 943-3400
bkrdtnon' (.‘olft-gt- At’t'anlcry: Former Si :-
ltlt'lt.‘ students show. Work by Borstein.
Kitolicl. Mon. Thea arid others. Saratoga
Springs. Until March 7. Weekdays 9 a.irr.—5
|).iii.. weekends 12-5 p.trr. 584-5000. ext.
370.

 
 

.5. httltnaii Steeluiot'ks Gallery: Sculpture ior
Interiors and gardens. Averill Park. by ap-
pointment. 674-3044 or 674-3805. Cl

mun-)1. ninth ~r .-.. may.

 

 

