   

 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 

 

  

artuffe is Moliere’s greates com-
edy extravaganza. and it can be
seen in its best light at Capital
Repertory Company's current production.
The translation of the french verse was
done by'gRi’chard Wilbur (also responsible
for the award winning Candide lyrics of
Broadway fame). a prize-winning poet
himself. The rhyme sceme. so intrinsic to
the humor in this play. has been preserved
and not a couplet goes by without a subtle
pun or outright guffaw.

Megan Gray Taylor

 

The set. designed by Neil Prince. is an
elaborate recreation of a French drawtng
room. and the costumes. designed by
ond K. Waiwaiole. have to be seen to be
believed. From Rosettes of silk. to garish
colors. to feathers they not only capture the
comedic mine of the character they in-
variably enhance it.

The story of Tartu/Ie is a simple one. Set
in seventeeth century France. it revolves
around the comic misadventures oi

 

l
l

 

Orgon.a foolish. stubborn. oft times nieve
rnan who. despite the warnings of his iami~
ly. turns over his soul and wordly posses-
sions to Tartuffe. a treacherous snake pos-
i g as a saint Tartuffe makes a ﬂashy shoe
of being holy. wearing out his knees in
church. Orgon is totally deceived. and
takes the desperate Tanuffe into his house
not just as a guest but as a spiritual guide
When his family tries to uncloud his eyes.
he responds by banishing his son Damts.
pledging his daughter Mariane‘s hand in
marriage to Tartuffe. and signs all his pro-
perty over to him. Tattuffe. meanwhile. is
passionately attrscted to Orgon’s young
wife Elmire. and it is this final weakness
that is at the heart of his undoing

The willy. excessively passionate (either
in religion or love) Tartufie is played
brilliantly by James Goodwin Rice. Rice. a
regular in CRC's last season. bnngsjust the
right touch of fervor tinged with greed to
the character. He is the hateful vtllian we
love to laugh at.

Orgon. the bumbling victim of Tartuffe is
played by Alan Zampese who is making his

 
 
   

 

 

ost people don't have any idea
what Public image Limited is.
And those who know of PlL

sometimes don't understand what the band
is about Well you can all rest easy because
l'm going to tell you everything you‘ve ever
wanted to know about PIL but were afraid
to ask.

John DeMasi

Once upon a time. in a town called Lon-
don. somewhere on the other side of the
world. working class kids began picking up
cheap gurtars and making music that was a
bit different from the music the popular
millionaire rock stars were making One of
these bands was the Sex Pistols Another
was the Clash. The rise and fall of the Sex
Pistols is one of the most fascinating rock
and roll stones there is. but 1'” not go into
that here. Suffice to say they wreaked

 

 

bloody havoc. Almost everyone has heard I'

of bass player Sid Viscous and vocalist
Johnny Rotten. Hell. Sid's even been on
the evening news. ask mom and dad
Anyway they played their last show ever in
San Francisco in early 1978. content that
they had served their purpose. The Clash.
who had opened for the Sex Pistols in their
early days. continued to grow in popotanty
to the point where even your little sister
likes them. A founding member of the
Clash was a guitarist named Keith Levine.
who left the band in September of 1976.
After the Sex PlSlOlS broke up. John Lydon
(formerly Johnny Rotten) hooked up with
Keith Levine. bass player Jah Wobble. and
Drummer Jim Walker to form Public lmage
Limited. From the start they were no or—
dinary lot Lydon expressed an extreme
hatred for most rock music, He also ex-
pressed an extreme hatred for record com-
panies. in fact. Lydon bitched about almost
everything about the music industry.
Lydon arid corripany'loathed everything

m»: muck-u...

 

Photo by John DeMasi

 

   
  

from fans idolizing “stars” to playing live '

shows in the conventional format
Nonetheless they played their first gig at
London's Rainbow Club on Christmas day
in 1978. They even played an old Sex
Pistols tune called “Belson was a gas"
which is odd constdering how Lydon
preached that PlL was new and different
and the Pistols were old wank. Well this
was Just the beginning of a long trail of con-
tradiction. Lydon is the master of planned
contradiction Just when he's got people
thinking that he thinks something is cool.
he goes and slags it off.

The first PIL album. entitled Public Im-
age. was released in the UK. in early 1978
and was dismissed by the press as in-
dulgent The sound is a bit murky. Lydon
swears that one of the engineers sabotaged
it. Regardless. i think the sound is good
and the album is great. Lydon's voice is in-
credible. He screams. howls. walls. whines
and Coos. Levine's guitar is a wall of
rhythmic dissonance The rhythm section

Capital Rep debutjampese. a veteran of
numerous regional theaters and New York
productions is wonderfully nieve and ii-
ritattngly stubborn. His pacing of the con-
tinUal rhyme was excellent. His revelation
in the end was marked by righteous anger
and indignation as overblown as ll‘liS
character is to begin With

The show stealer. however. is Susanne
Marley as the saucy maid Donne. She sees
the truth of all household complmities and
does her best to inform everyone of her
view Not lrnly are her lines filled with the
subtlcst and funniest puns of the play, her
delivery was iinderplayed so that rrithei
than grating. the humor 1H): smooth as
honey lvlarlc; who returns to Capital Rep
after an absence :5 5'» natural. as at was, 
this '.'i‘-'dLIOll§ role. that her facinl \“prb'
srons Liar: enough to hold my attention

even uheh she wasn't who 9 iwh:ch for

her character was rare)
The cast of twelve was rounded out by
wonderful performances by Micael Arkin as

is fierce and Sinister Wobble inverts a bass
riff and repeats it while Walker bashes like a
maniac on Angel dust The title track.
“Public image". [5 the single off the album
and is all about Johnny. He talks of
peoples inability to understand his role as a
sex pistol “You never listened to a word
that I said. you only see me for the clothesl
wear." "Religion" is a song that atacks the
catholic church. although John says it was
done only as a Joke. He fooled me. “Fod-
der stompf" is a fascination tune with heavy
repetitive bass and a disco beat. The Lyrics
are chanted with screeching chipmunk-
type vocals. The chant is a sarcastic “We
only wanted to be loved "Quite a hypnotic
piece. "Annalisa" is a hard rocker about a
15-year-old European girl who was exor»
cised by her parents and a priest. A true
story. Quite often Lydon writes his lyrics
based on articles in the news paper.
Which brings us to LP number two. This
album. which was the first American
release for PIL is entitled "Second Edition."
riot to be out done by anyone. PIL releas-
ed this album in the U K as a three disc
collection called “the Metal Box." The
three 45 rp m discs are enclosed in a
round metal container similar to a film can-
nister The sound quality of "the Metal
 is outstanding. The album was hailed
as ingenious. it was like listening to a dif-
ferent band than issued "Public image." i
recall listening to the first track "Albatross"
for the first time in my livingroom. Mom
and dad thought It was a recording of so-
meone being tortured combined with the
cry of the humpback whale. That was no
humpback. that was Wobble's bass This is
not party music. it's mood music. Lydon's
cries are quite moving. “Swan Lake" is a
piece about the death of John's murn
"Words could never say the way you told
me  youvheyes. -. Words are useless." it
was a ance it in th '
ﬁlled “Beam L“scone U.K.. where it is 

   

 

Laralu Smith as Mariane (whose a;
reactions to her father‘s indictiw .
marry Tartuffe had most everyone i - ;
in the aisles). Kathleen hf:t‘i~'t~.' u
Orgon's wife Elmire who is t  -
responsible for Tartufie's "unit:
Marion McKendrec. a vetersn 4.
since Vaudcxille. as Orgon‘s
mother

It is difficult to imagine rl’-- 
llig so palatable to a in
dwnre Director Brut e

huh: had some diff:

 

 
  

 

couplets should be sili'

 

iiir-ri‘rcrits when tin: .‘or
:-:r But uwmll th.»’ .s .. ..:

' 4: T2..s can

 
   

.cgu

 

:c.l>r_‘ - . oath ivtl‘ci

 

gives the performance r: .
you can, don't miss this Let', i. .. :
sron of french comedy lt's rm: .‘L
often and not usually done this uci

 

Levine's guitar playing on 'li.: i 3
mainly in the form of playing smrtic
No more chords. )ust haunttngr . .
mug is handled by Martin Atknis «m
Walker left to Join the Pack Lenny »‘ ~

 

 Atkins. "He'll be the next Joni: Burr 1‘

. existence with "We like her. site ~.

" she's )ust good " Well guys. your
amazth Many critics have put 1 w'

l

  
   
  
 

l Also not» in the bands lineup is l-::‘. 

Lee Her role is supposed in be
Video person. although the butt'
done much in this area Leginc}

10 best list of 1980 They‘ve «llﬁh ‘
pared it to the Doors and Pink Hats: 1' -
powerful LP got Pil on Arrtt'ricm’ [Slum
rand Of course they were infall',

‘ cooperative. Lyden didn't even try ii,» iii 

- his lips in time with the musrc as he 

l

 

 

 

'hmugh the shocked audience. he pu~i u!

' people out of his way Levine Just im'

down his guitar. Naughty boys gut l‘vi‘i
Clark all a flutter.

The most recent PIL LP is called "limit-‘1
of Romance" after a band LcVine \krla .n
with Sid Viscious years earlier. Latina will
picked up his guitar for one song. on '.|.li‘tl.

‘ lh” 9Ullﬂf was played backwards Drum»

and John's vocals are the thrust of the Li’
Wobble left. was booted from the band so
there's almost no bass. Very unncccssibli
stuff. but great nonetheless The dim!“
kick you around the room while LydUH
does more great crooning. My favorite tune
here Is "Go Back" on which Johnny talk '5-
mgs. prompting me to call it "Rotten Rat? n

Which brings us to now. PlL has a new
LP due any day now. According to John. If
will be commercial. not like REC SPCWl'
wagon. but more like their previous 511“le
The band is now cooperative. playing nul‘
mnl live shows since their riot/fiasco at the
Ritz almost 2 years ago. i expect a dance
oriented hit from these boys. You pay d"
tention. the world may finally be ready ll"
Public lmage‘Limited. - I s » a ' 4 l

“run-L.

tr aspects on tuesday

ON

.1

NOW--

lot of you out there are probably
A thinking.“0h great. Another

Yoko album that's capitalizing on
John's death. Well. think again. it's true
that his "ghost" is pictured on the back of
the sleeve along with Yoko and Sean. but
that's more a reflection of the fact that she
misses him and that she's still lonely
without him.

Gail Merrell

l have to admit that after the excessively
boring "Seasons of Glass" LP i didn't ex~
pect much from It's Alright. She tends to
lose me with her poetry and her repetitive
music. I (lid. however. enjoy her work
front the early seventies. which is closer to
bar room blues than anything else. There
was a slight touch of lionlty-tonk piano
there and some of her material paralleled
the work of Carole King and Melanie. And
she really rocked them too. The decade
old.“l Felt Like Smashing My Face in a
Clear Glass Window" still stands up today.
and its content. a realistic look at her
parents, is more 1982 then it was 1972.
Yoko. who's a strong feminist. got pretty
sarcastic then, sounding like the Waitresses
on the couch. Those were the days.

But all is not lost. Lately there's been an
outburst of bizarre female vocalists. all of
whom owe a lot to Yoko. Groups like the
8-525. Missing Persons. Altered images.
the Pretenders and Lene Lovlch all borrow
from Yoko's earlier work and in turn serve
to make her voice sound more accessible.
(“Rock Lobster" always comes to mind
when i think of Yoko-influenced material).

 

 

 

o  O ‘
Ono s Alrtgh

Yoko’s latest album is

reflective and accessible

'ﬂowlng manner. In fact. she sounds so

 

 

Yoko too has become more approachable.
trading her )ostltng vocals for a tamer. more

much like Annie Golden of The Shirts on
the "Hair" album. that every time she starts
another song I expect to hear “I met a boy
nade Frank Mills..."

There's another reason l'm reminded of
"l‘ialr." and that's due to the flower-child
Imagery projected in her songs. if you
came to hear the prose of Yoko the
feminist. Yoko the psychic. Yoko the artist.
or Yoko the Egyptologlst. you won't find
her here What you will discover is Yoko‘s
vision of heaven on earth. a vision su vivtd
that she easily could have called this LP
"Avalon" had Brian Furry not already used
the title. Through her eyes we see a world
of trees. mountains. rivers. birds. stars.
sunrises rind sunsets. From the picturesque

 

"I See Rainbows". Yoko is “sending ititn~
bow thoughts." Remarkably. she never
loses her grasp of reality. and admits liur
defeat to Ionliness lamenting “I can endure
most anything. but lonllness is one thing I
can't endure."

While Yoko has made big changes
vocally and lyrically. she has changed
style musically as well. To help support her
dreamy Images. the music flows like the
ocean. makes bird calls. and creates a
universe of love and dreams. When she is
at her most beautiful she lmitates Ultravox.
and when she is at her tnost confusing she
ends the pieces with the unrelated synth
slaps of Orchestral Manovres.

Yoko has come full circle and is mote at
peace with herself. While no longer in
mounting. Yoko recalls John's image

 

5......» .. .... . f...

throughout the album This Is more of a
reflective imagery. ruthei than grief-
sttlcken. And while Yoko spends a major
portion of her life on the telephone (about
eight hours a tiny) and is heavily into
intiglc. these two peculiarities are not up
parent here. What is apparent is that she is
implementing a simpler lyrical design that
defies her complicated. mystic personality.
The album Is a far cry from her world of
assorted astrologers. psychics. spiritual
consultants and nutnerologlsts. whose ad-
vice helps her to make decisions. On vlnyl
she remains serene and tranquil without
becoming religious or didactic.

Yoko has made some major changes
recently. She just left Geffen records and

arch Of The Movies

  

 

 
 
  
 

 

  
  
 
  
  
 
  
   

   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
    
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 

   
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
 

 

Sheen.
"f‘ootstc -

V is up for grabs. no guesses.

Need I say more?

  
 
 

Dateline: Hollywood - As usual. this time (if your finds filmdtini
scrambling to release those multimillion dollor films. ()bjucliue - the
Academy Awards of course. Here is a sampling (if the Holiday fnre.

From 20th Century Fox: The Verdict (upper left) starring Paul
Newman as a down-oii-his-luck rittoiney who takes on the Catholic
Church. Charlotte Rampling is the romantic interest Hits real potential.

From Columbia Pictures: Gliaridl -
years - the story of the Mahatma (Ben Kingsley). Also in this super cast:
John Giclgud. lan Cliaileson. John Mills. Candice Bergen iiild Mnitin

starring Dustin Huffnlt'tll as an out (if Work rlClt)l’ driven to

drag (He looks great as a woman).

From Warner Bros.: Best Friends (Lower left) Goldie Hawn and
Burt Reynolds in a romantic comedy that follows the honeymoon cou~
ple through winterized Buffalo. sanitized Virginia and monsoon ridden
California. The cost could be the saving grace.

Ilorikcyiortk Mun sitti‘s Clint Eastwood and his son Kyle. A depression
era story riln Woody Guthrie With inspirational child (in this case
nephew) helping him make it to the Grand Ole (lpiy (where else). This

From Paramount: 48 Hours -
Airplane If the Sequel ~-Emergency equipment is suggested. the choice
of the producers: Pamchutle. Lady Di's Wedding Dress. an Umbrella.

From Universal: The Dark Crystal (top right) a fantasy film that coin—
bines the talents of Jim Henson (creator of the Muppets) and Gary Kurtz I
(Star Wars). Could be the hit of the holidays. (Miss Piggy watch out. '
these critters could be the real competition.)

Six Weeks (lower right) starring Dudley Moore and Mary Tyler Moore
The tear-jerker of the season. Dying child brings mis—mntched adults
together. With this cast. could be a good one (six Itankles at least).
Sophies Choice Universal will also release thls adaptation of William
Stryon's novel starring Meryl Streep. I can't wait for this one.

  

perhaps the greatest epic iii

   

Nick Nulte returns...

   
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
    

So as ilnsls get you down. the movie industry has done their part to
ease the pain. All of these film will be released from December 10th thru ‘
. the 23rd (December 17th being a particular favorite). Enloy

~M.G.T.

r....rr ... tlt‘ . It‘ll

 

 

*

 

 

has signed a long-term contract with
PolyGrum. There has been no reason
given for the switch. which is a shocker
because of her close relationship with

David Geffen The album was recorded
this summer hi the Hit Factory. using a
brand new line-up of studio musicians.
with only one holdover from her “Seasons
of Glass" LP. She produced the LP. which
sounds a lot fuller and clearer than
“...'Glass". whlch she co-producud with
Phil Spector. I hope that this dreamlike
record is an Indication of Yoko's new direc-
tion. and this certainly seems possible. in
light of Yoko's quote on the album's Jacket
which reveals. “I think of the last fifty years
its n prelude to my life". Cl

 
 
 
 
   
    
        
        
    
    
    
    

 
 
 
 
 
 

   
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  

  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
      
     
 
 
 

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
    
 

    
  
 

