  

 

Would Capsules

 

Auto Contract Talks End

MILWAUKEE. Wisconsin (AP) The United Auto
Workers reached tentative agreement Sunday with
American Motors Corp. on an employee investment
plan in the latest concessions to the ailing U.s. auto
industry. the union and company announced.

Talks on the AMC agreement, which followed'eon-
tract concessions for Ford and General Motors. had
stalled two weeks ago over a union demand that AMC
show good faith by reducing the number of people at
supervisory pay levels. '

The talks resumed Saturday morning and agreement
was reached late Sunday.

AMC. which lost $136.6 million last year. proposed
that union members invest part of their annual wage
and cost-of-living increases over 22 months to help
create a $1 billion prodtrct developrnettt progriirn. The
employee donations. estimated at $150 million. would
be repaid at 10 percent interest.

SCLC to March on Capital

TUSKEGEE. Alabama (AP) Demonstrators who
traveled across Alabama for 13 days in support of
voting rights will set out Monday on a 750-mile
pilgrimage to Washington in an effort to convince
lawmakers to strengthen the Voting Rights Act.

The march and motorcade will reach the nation‘s
capital in late Jtrne. “in time for the Senate vote on
the voting Rights Act." said the Rev. Joseph Lowery.
president of the Atlanta-based Southern Christian
Leadership Conference.

“We plan to tarry for a while and may put up
another Resurrection City." a reference to a makeshift
camp erected near the Capitol in 1968 by thousands of
civil rights demonstrators.

Lowery‘s group began its voting rights campaign
amid February snow in the western Alabama town of
Carrollton. where two civil rights activists. Julia
Wilder and Maggie Bozeman. had been convicted of
voting fraud.

Prison to Open in Fall

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) A new. minimum-security state
prison could be open in the northern Adirondack
community of Gabriels by fall under an agreement
between the Department of Correctional Services and
Paul Smiths College.

Under the agreement signed late week. the state
would take over the new unused Gabriels camptts of
Paul Smiths in the Franklin county Town of Brighton
and spend $1.5 million to turn it into a 150»inmate
facility.

Existing dormitories would house the inmates and
other campus structures would be turned into
workshops and dining facilities and storage and visitor
welcome centers.

State prisons spolesman Louis Ganim said the pur-
chase price could not be disclosed because contracts
were still being written. Just under $1 million was in-
cluded in the recently approved state budget for the
purchase.

Feminist Opposes Reagan

SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) President Reagan's assertion
that the increase of women entering the job market
has pumped up the unemployment rate unfairly was
called "outrageous" by Karen DeCrow. a feminist at-
torney here. At a Friday White Hottse question-and-
answer session. the president suggested that the recess.
sion is not as deep as indicated by the latest
unemployment rate. because of the increase of people,
especially women. entering the labor market.

Ms. DeCrow. president of the National Organiza-
tion for Women front 1974-77. asked. “is the pt'csi‘
dent asking that all‘womcn who are working to sup-
port their children go on welfare? is that the solution
to the problem?" '

She says the high unemployment problem might just
as easily be caused “by so many inert working."

“During the Depression, women were called on to
quit their jobs. Supposedly. we've progressed 50 years
since then.” she said. /

British Willing for Peace

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) British Foreign Secretary
Fiancis Pym. pledging his government's willingness to
settle peacefully the Falkland islands dispute with
Argentina but noting that “real difficulties" remain.
grrived here today to discuss new British proposals
with the Reagan administration. ‘

 

 

 

 

.. “Mahatma-minded .Cptrarcss that 19. lqoktna tenant/sin. . .. . . ,

................... 

. (2...... 'Baicrs‘

There is Life After SUN YA

 

What is life after college for women like?

The Women's,Concern's Committee is sponsoring a
Seminar for graduating women focusing on issues facing
women entering today's work force. on Monday. April
26. at 7 RM. in the Assembly Hall.

“Relationships on the Job." "Advancements."
“Survival tips." and “Support Networks." will be
among the topics discussed. ’ '

For more information call Martha Fitch at 457-4932.

Study Subjects Wanted

Bisexual individuals can help a graduate student with
her sociological stttdy. Confidentiality and anonymity
will be provided.

if interested. write Sexuality Study, Department of
Sociology SUNYA. 1400 Washington Ave.. Albany.
NY. 12222. or call 434-4079.

SA [Money Workers Needed

Applications are now available for the positions of
S.A. Controller and SA. Athletic Comptroller. and can
be picked up in the SA office. if you ttrrn your applica-
tion in by April 30th. they'll grant you an interview and
maybe you can move up in the world. some accounting
knowledge is sttggestcd but ambition and dedication will
suffice.

Steel and Flowers Join

Listen. Science buffs —
Dr. N.E.W. Hartley from England will be speaking
on friction and wear in ion Implanted Steels and
discussing the technology of improving the durability of
steel on Friday April 30th at 3:00 in PH 129.

And in a can‘t-bc-missed seminar for Biology majors,
Dr. Jack Fajer of Brookhaven National Laboratory will
be speaking on Porphyrin radicals in encymatic and
photosynthetic reactions oanridny May 7 also in PH
129.

Both will be preceeded by a 2:30 coffee hour.

  

“We will do everything we can to try to find a
peaceful settlement to the dispute." Pym told
reporters shortly after landing at Dulles international
Airport outside Washington.

But he also said there are “real difficulties and real
obstacles” to reaching a settlement that avoids war
with Argentina. which invaded the disputed islands
April 2. _ '

Pym made clear his government's view that the
dispute stems from “aggression by Argentina and the
unlawful invasion of the Falkland islands.”

He went directly to the State Department for a
working lunch with Secretary of State Alexander M.
Haig Jr.. whom Pym praised for his “heroic efforts“
at trying to find a peaceful solution.

Although Pym carried with him new British ideas
for resolving the Falklands dispute, botlt British
diplomatic sources and US officals privately expressed
pessimism that a diplomatic solution can be quickly

' negotiated.

Consumer Prices Lowering

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) ' Consumer prices.
dampened by falling energy and produce costs. may
have held steady last month or even dropped slightly for
the first time since August 1965, econotnists say.

“The numbers are clearly going to be good," Thomas
Thomson. chief economist for San Francisco's Crocker
NationaI "ank. said in advance of today's release of
March .r.. ues for the Labor Department's Consumer
Price index.

Citing the persistent recession and two straight mon-
thly declines in wholesale prices. economists say they
would not be surprised. if the government’s measure of
consumer prices dipped in March.

The ﬁgures released today are used to compute how
much the nation’s 36 million Social Security
beneficiaries are due to get as a cost-of-iiving adjust-
ment. The adjustment. though. is coming under scrutiny

 

 

 

 

artist .brutncsssrutea Spectra Photo.

 

Summer Under the Palms

How does summer in lsrael sound?

A special academic program sponsored by SUNY will
be conducteti in cooperation with Hebrew, Haifa and
Bar 1 Ian Universities in israel.

A tentaltive list of courses f0r 1982 include tritium...
tion to the Archaeology of the I‘Iolyliilid. ,tcuuh
thought, Contemporary Middle East, Education in
israel and Biblical History.

Courses are tought in English and college credits will
be offered to participants that successfully cotiipiett' the
program. '

For details write SUNY Sununcr Program in lstttt‘l.
State University college. Oneonta. New York 13320, or
telephone Office of international liducarmn
607-431-3369.

Let There be Music Now

 

Shuhert. Hayden and Medtner are waiting for you.

A recital with Sltcrm Guibbory on violin and William
Carragan on piano will be given Ttresday. April 27. at it
P.M. iii the Performing Art Center's Recital ilall.

And don't forget Beethoven!

The next evening. Clive Swansbourne, winner ol the
1982 international Piano Recording Competion. will
perform Beethoven’s Sonatas Opus 101. 106. anti 10‘).
at 8 P.M. in the Recital Hall.

Admission is free for SUNYA students. $2.00 for
students-seniors and $4 general.

We Have the Best Profs

HOURAYI

 

Congratulations to the teaching and advising finalists,
chosen by the students and the academic committee:
Teachers -— Dan Bisiriko. Peter Bioniarz. Debbie Fost-
Goodman. Paul Leonard, William Shuhan.

Advisers — Michael Black. Thad Mircr. Ed Reilly.
William Rowlcy. Joseph Zimmerman.

The awards for the best teacher and advisor will be
presented on Tuesday, April 27, 7 P.M.. at a banquet.
Tickets are $5.00 on sale at the SA contact ofltc

    

   

 

trim the huge federal deficit.

Military Rocket Unveiled

CAPE CANAVERAL. Florida (AP) Officials hart
unveiled a specially designed rocket that will be used to
boost secret military satellites to altitudes the space shut-
tle can’t reach.

A prototype of the 17-foot upper stage rocket “to
displayed Wednesday at the Kennedy Space Center. It is
designed to launch from inside the shuttle's cargo buy or
from the Air Force's new Titan 34D rocket in case the
shuttle isn‘t operating when the military needs to ptrt a
satellite into orbit.

The upper stage rocket will carry the satellite to its
final orbit. For military communications satellites. that
is 22.000 miles up.

It's needed for a new generation of heavier and
bulkier satellites. said Maj. James Moore. an Air 1"UIL‘L'
spokesman.

Pornography Ring Raided

SYRACUSE. N.Y. (AP) A FBI search that began “llll
pornographic pictures of children confiscated itr luv
dianapolis in 1978 ended in a raid on a laboratory in
North Syracuse and 10 other photo processors Itttiitttl-

. wide.

Details of Monday‘s raid have been surfacing this
week. here and in Albany. where the FBI office headint:
the probe of alleged child pornography lip-W"c 1*
located. Court records available Thursday revealed lllc
length of the probe.

An affidavit filed with in US District Court elicit“
sexually oriented pictttrcs of children were confiscated
four years ago in indianapolis and again in Miami in
1979.

in both cases. the FBi's search for the prOCcssor in-
volved led to Crystal Photo Labs. which operates a mail-

 

 

By JERRY CAMPIONE

 

Because ofsttrtlent concern about
cheating. the Senate Cormnittcc on
Academic Freedom and Ethics
(CAFE) held a conference on
cheating in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall on Tuesday to
discuss motives for cheating and
ways to alleviate the problem on
campus. Among those who spoke
were Dean Neil Brown. Professors
ilarry Staley arttl Dewitt Ellinwootl.
and Sttrdettt Michael Kazmarack.

The most popular excuse for
cheating was the pressttrc to “make
the grade“ here at SUNYA. Albany
is a very competitive school and. ac-
cording to opinions of the people irt
attendance. the presstrre leads to
academic dishonesty. The large
classes anti small number of proc-
lots for exams were also named as
causes. A rntmbcr of ways to

ALBANY STUDENT Paess. APRIL 23. 1982 '

YA Pressure Fosters Cheating I I

alleviate' the problem were
presented. such as Dean Brown's
suggestion of an honor code or har-
sher disciplinary measures.

Professor Stalcy explained why
the Council had called ,this con-
ference.

“Many students here were con-
cerned about cheating and brotrgltt
it to the administration.“ said
Stalcy. “The adrninistratiort
brought it to the Council."

According to Staley. this corr-
l'erence was held because “students
should have a part in this discussion
on cheating."

Staley began tlte conference by
bringing up points such as “what is
the definition of cheating." what is
its cause. and what should be done
to alleviate it.

Dean Neil Brown spoke next on
what the present university policy is
on cheating. According to Brown.

the issue of cheating is still dealt
with "within the context of the
broader student disciplinary issue."
“The question is." said Brown.
"does it still belong there?"
The normal procedure for a stu-
dent brought trp on

ehcatiug---“Thcre are less than two '

do/en annually." said Brown---is
probation. a letter of warning. a
discussion. suspension. or
dismissal.

“()vcr tlte last five years. there
have been two or three dismissals."
said llrown.

One suggestion to alleviate
cheating has been to raise the
dismissal level‘to 30 or 40 per year.

The last speaker was Michael
Kannarack. a SUNYA student.
Michael studied in France tlrtring
his senior year in High School. anti
he was asked to compare schools irr
I'I'attce and the LLS.

 

Ktr/rtrtirack said cheating is
relatively easy here. especially on a
multiple choice exam because all
you lime to see is the pattern of
answers. In it‘rancc. all tests are
essays which ulle\iatcs cheating.

The question of essays instead of

Dean of Student Affairs Nell Brown
Con harsher discipline remedy cheating?

  
  

d‘ort answers brings up the pro-
blem of plagiarism. According to
lit. Eliinwood. plagiarism is a big
problem.
"Perhaps there is not an tide-
quulc understanding of
>conlilmed on page 10

financial Aid Cuts CostN. Y. Students $500M ‘

‘ Iiy Ki- GORDON

Federal cuts itt financial aid will
cost New York students attending
or seeking to attend institutions of
higher education almost $500
million in educational purchasing
power according to a report recent—

 

Draper Work Picketed by ‘
Electricitl Brotherhood

ly released by the Governor's Task
Force on the Federal Budget.

Cuts iii the federal fiscal year
1983 (FY83) bttdget represent a
32% rcdttction in funds from fiscal
year 1981.

Program reductions will irrcltrdc
funds for FELL grants. Work

r

 

employing non-union workers.

suffer.

of training."

labor" by not hiring union men.

k

.,. ,,  -.

 

By MICHAEL RALFF

Reconstruction work in and around Milne Hall on Draper Campus
is being picketcd by Local 724 of the international Brotherhood of
Electrical Workers because the firm doing the work. Action Electric, is

Local 724 pickctcrs. who were outbid for the job by Action Electric.
say they fear that the work quality in numerous electrical jobs could

"They could pick up people off the street." said a picketcr who
wished to remain anonymous. “They don't go through the trammg we
do to be electricians. Every man has to go through at least four years

Action Electric Foretnan. John Cranker. maintained that all work
must be approved by the same state inspector. I

“We can provide the same quality work for a lower price." he said.
“That‘s why the contractor (Bunkol‘f Contractors) hired us. We btd
lower than Local 724 for the job. We will do just as well on it."

Bttnkol‘f Contractors were not available for comment.

Harold Joyce. bttsiness manager of the Local 724. said. “Action
Electric is taking advantage of over one hundred years of organized

.loyce declined to comment on the quality of Action Electric‘s work.

i‘

(11([1‘I j (‘qu c ltu'lro Minir'tt'l 'li‘lJ'li'

 

Study Programs and (ittaranteetl
Student Loan Programs ((2351,).

Supplemental Educational Op-
portunity Grants (SI-LOG). State
Student incentive Grants and Na-
tional Direct Student Loans
(NDSL) are all selretlulcd to be
eliminated in the 1"Yi13 budget.

According to the report. these
cuts will disqualify approximately
200.000 students annually from
receiving financial aid. The report
also predicts across the board irr-
creases in tuition to compensate for
educational funding losses.

lint, Governor Carey's New York
State budget requests a $2.79
million increase in funding for tui-
tion reimbursements and a $1.6
million increase for Supplemental
Tuition Assistance Programs.

The State Supplcmcntal Loan
Program for Health Professions

 

pirolo: urs
Director Donald Wititloek
Families borrowing hit hard

SENIORS:

Students and the Regents Physi—
cians Shortage Scholarship Pro-
gram are both being phased out.

in addition. the $30,000 income
ceiling recently implemented on
families receiving CrSL's would be
eliminated in the FY“ budget. for-
cing all families to pass a needs test.

()tlrer cuts would include
eliminating all graduate students
from receiving LiSI.'s. art increase
from five to ten percent for the
origination fcc. interest rates on
loans increasing to the full market
value two years after the student

9 leaves school. and a payment of

half the insurance premium by the
state government to the federal
government to partially defray
default costs.

An uiIE-rnative loan program has
been approved to replace (iSL's for
graduates. The Auxiliary Loan to
Assist Students Program will pro-
vide up to 38.00011 year in loans at
an interc rate of 14% payable im-'
tncdiately.

SUNYA Director of Financial
Aid Donald Whitlock sees all these
cttts as itnposirrg the great hardships
on middle class families with an art-
nual income of sotncwberc between
$25-40 thousand. Even harder hit. .
said Whitlock. will be those families
currently borrowing and those with
more titan one child in college.

The reduction in PELL grants
will render 400 to 500 more students
ineligible for the program, thereby
increasing the demand for other
campus based programs. said
Whitlock.

   

CLAM BAKE TICKETS

Tickets for the Clambake will re—open for Seniors only. Wednes-
day. April 28th at 8 pm. in CC Ballroom. One ticket will be sold .
per senior card for those who have not purchased a Clambake

ticket already.

We have already sold 100 more tickets than were sold last: year.
Facilities at Mohawk Campus do not allow for an unlimited number
of persons. Therefore. we have only been able to increase the
number of tickets we can sell by a limited amount.

These tickets will be availbale through a random drawing, thus.
there is no reason to line up early!

Remember: Tickets will be checked on the bus to the Clambake and

t, .'.'t

rt uuv- 't.'t 'irtrtocl "r null 'Z.‘1""|'r .

' ‘ . there is NO PARKlly‘G  ‘ , M. i; . -. . I

lr‘ouir‘tr-taplrttrl v v:l

However. these campus based
programs are also being cut. SEOG
will see a reduction of 24% or about
$100.000 itr funds and Work Study
will see a 26% reduction or about
$200,000 in fttntls‘ltc said.

"We are fortunate due to the op-
tions open to us in the formula for
NDSL." Whiilock said. '1 bis
latitude will allow for a 4% increase
in capital for next year. This
represents about $100,000.

“We are recommending that
students file everything for next
year." Whitlock continued. “If the
strident files a Financial Aid Form
at least we will be able to work with
the student and try to establish the
need of the family." .

Funds may be scarce for students
attempting to get aid. but funds are
also being restricted on financial aid
administration.

“One of our biggest problems is
the administration of all these
changes." said Whitlock. “This
year we will have to thoroughly
validate all PELI. grants anti
BEOG‘s. we will be collecting and
reviewing 1040 irrcortrc tax forms
for almost all GSL applications.
and we only have one more staff
person now titan we did in 1971
when our aid voltnuc was only $8
million. Now we are a $26 million
operation.“

Whitiock blames cuts in Social
Service and other aid programs as
causing more people to file for aid.

“At this rate a lot of applications
will not be processed by fall." he
predicted: '

r.r_-., um .51 ‘11"-

 

.t.oi‘..=.u.irzirrtnc .ratjwu .r-n ritu

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

