 

5'?
a

 

 
 

 

Two young women are walking across the podium. One says to the other. “Ginny.
your bandana is caught in your ear." The friend replies. “i can't hear you. i have a bandana
caught in my ear." .

This story is true. and lregrgt having to repeat it. But i do ‘so merely to draw attention to a
problem which l first thought was harmless. but which i now realize may give rise to awful
Jokes like that onei Campus Fashion: And mark well that i didn't say "Style." When I find
one on thepodtum. I'll let you now. A friend says it best: “Some people have a style.
Others buy pink mini-skirts at Colonte Center."

But already l've leapt ahead to summer fashions. and here it is still spring. Let‘s examine
what Parts and Korvettes hath wrought In the past few months to give us some idea where
we're going.

1) Bond-nor Why? Around your head I can figure out. though i don’t think it's all that
warm in here. Why it's so tight lcan't figure out either. but l suppose it's by way of masking
the hack job Mr. Pierre did on the perm and henna treatment. But i suppose that will grow
out. But what's with the shmata on the hammer loop? Or around the neck? You look like
Corporal Agarrr. I guess it's a fad. What's your girlfriend wearing today?
2) Leg warmern- What are you going to do with them when they go out of fashion? In-
vented as training aid for dancers. they'll soon become fodder for the handcrafts editor in
major women's magazines. “Here's a tip. coeds. Cut a hole in either side of those smelly old
things and you have a nifty T-dress for an anhorexic playmate! Or a slice down the middle.
and a midget friend will be swinging pretty in his new hammock!" The day I see
Baryshnikov in a cowl neck sweater with a little necklace flipped over the top is the day i buy
leg warmers.
3) Members Only jackets- Formal for an uptowner means clean Nikes with his .Jor-
daches. terry cloth top. and mauve M.O. Archaeologists a thousand years from now will
wonder what those little straps around the collar were supposed to do. It could be worse.
They could be me.
4) Big feather earrings- Two words sum them up.'Orre is “tramp " The other Is
"tramp." They rank with black leotards and chokers for reputation killing. Besides the ap‘
peal of grossly distended earlobes. they offer very little by way of good fashion sense or
common decency- If you saw the airrrual baby peacock slaughter in Newfoundland you
irright think twice about strapping one on. "
5) Purple- A major philosopher attended ii sciriinar at Boston University. scanned the
pinks. fuschias. unieilrysts. lilacs and lreliotri.ipes lit the audience. arid pronounced that
there was no God. Your average Lamp Poster (irrl thinks color coordiiraiiorr is the ability to
balance six shirt boxes on the line at Bonwii's.

I've also made up my mind about this summer's fashions. though I still can't decide

whether to invest iir white stockings or dipiiatory cream. But what does my opinion matter
anyway? Regard ll all as tongue in chic

Mﬁ

   

  

    
     
   
   
   
    

 

centerfold

 

 

 

"' 'T‘éidé

Don't cry for Vic. Argentina: he's

  

 

3a ‘ on hie way home. Hubert gets down,
and Bilﬂln Nakell gets up. on
Perspectives. '

From Russia with love: A tourist‘s
look at Russian Ichooling. Russian
lifestyle, and Russian dressing.
Page 4:.

Sweets from strangers mark this
year‘s Celebration, while we
6a celebrate Wendy Waldman for the
third issue in a row. She better be
good, Hoosier.

McCartney is good. according to

Rob Schneider. Read his review of

7 Tug of War. And Jim Dixon reviews a

a Tolkien inspired adventure, and
finds he's bored of the rings.

The last page is where we keep our
8a puzzles, cartoons and stuff. as if you
didn't know.

Couer photo of dog by Sherry Cohen
p

 

 

ltaliarr-American Student
Alliance & -

Tangent Magazine
Present

Fri. 4l30

in LC 2
at 10:00

 

ALSO

  

u M
r it Ms INLUHI'IMIIUI n

Cheech é? Chang’s :
"Up in Smoke”

Fri. 4/30 at 7:30 81 12 mid

 

 

Adm: $1.50 w/o tax card
$1.00 w/ tax card

" "‘   i Illrltl‘l tin h"‘
t..i.r,.'il.v Link/ll i

i

 

 

Man in tort sr‘iin .’ '.'htii i: '2. av ‘iicidtriirh

Fries"...

NM
CALL .
M tDbLE énem

   
  
   

I‘rT
4:7.73’00!

"we're:- “
Cauf‘isem‘iim

Li G in me
ohms

Mm 7oi
tear in Spiny

Bio. 11E

EMMA L r

Pressured?

Contact Middle Earth...
We can Help
We know the pressures
students feel around
finals time

 

 

 

 

We’re also students
and we’re trained

as counselors
 ' ' Call 0"'D'°P-'ln= r-ﬂl‘izzi’Sclruyler-Hall a Dutch. Quad -- i- '

 

 

 

rim-H lilltlrtl “Ill mun II. it, ii_i_i

 

 

 

 

Vic the Cop

 

We just got our orders that we're
coming home. This after a short battle
that could very well decide the future of
Argentina's right to self—autonomy. "If
we can stem the tide of British
Colonialism here in 'Malvinas, we can
strike a blow fpr democracy and freedom
of the right thinking peoplei," said
Nicanor Costa Mendez, Argentina's
Foreign Minister in a pep-speech for us
"stringer" soldiers. It was all part of the
last few days of our basic training in
Malvinas,the staging area for all military
operations in Argentine waters. First we
get the ammo, then the guns and grenades
then we get the speech. After fighting all
these wars for these people, the routine is
old hat.

In a way.l am glad that we lost South
Georgia to those British greenhorns. l
was getting tired of 'the old regime of a
Soldier of Fortune. l wanted nothing
more than to go back to Albany, even if
it means working Traffic Saftey, writing
tickets to all those speeding students on
their way to class in the morning.

When we were shipped into the island
of South Gerogia it'was only 17“ above.
Winds were from the south at 45 mph,
gusting to 55. in fact, the captain of the
troop transport had trouble launching the
landing crafts since the waves kept
smashing them against the side of our
ship. It was really bad since some of the
other guys got real sea sick, what with all
the rocking and swaying and wind and
freezing temperatures. The whole side of
the ship was covered with puke. They
didn’t write about this stuff in Soldier of
Fortune

In fact. about the only thing that they did
get right iii the ads was the pay. (We got
roughly $1150 in US.) That's not bad
money. even taking into account the lousy
weather. bad food and ridiculous lighting
conditions.

Its not that we have bad generals. Its
just that no one can get their act straight.
I-‘irst corrimander Shrike. US Advisor to the
Argentine Military Secret Police. goes and
orders air air strike of the British South
Atlantic Task Force But. just as the
planes are about to take off. the order is
countermanded by Costa Mendez. Then
he orders a mining of the waters
surrounding the Falkland chain. But that
falls through when the boys upstairs realize
that. since Europe cuts off economic ties.
no one would sell them the mines.

What really ticked me off was the
snooty. almost pig—headed attitude of Al
l‘laig. At all the big press conferences he
was talking about the urgent need to find a
peaceful settlement to all differences.
Well. pardon my French. but that's a load
of horse—shit. ll Haig was so fired up
about stopping this mess. why did he try
and arrange a secret arms supply deal to
the Argeiitines when he was supposed to
be negotiating. And why did he go and
say we were such great friends with the
British even though Argentina is a better
friend than any of those Luft-Wing
English fags are. (Francis Pym. British
Foreign Minister. What kind of faggy

- name is Pym. anyway!)

If they'd of asked me. I would have said
lets borrib the tar out of them before they
got to witlitir Frill) miles of Malvinas. Hell.
they've had it too easy. holding fine
countries like Argentina hostage while

r. England owns prime islands and real.» , u.
‘1' winter vaiileelt alleys.demeritstioes.

«5:,- .. human-{rm ~ '-

 

    

Koiig, Gibraltar. and until recently. lridia.
the Bahamas and .Jamacia. The British
empire was made up of lots of valuable
countries and plots of land that belonged
to other fine people like Franco and lirdira
Ghairdi What is the world cumming to
when a snrall. dying nation of lags controls
all the prime real estate. If you ask me. I
think Argentina was right in taking the
l-‘alklands It proved that the right thiirkiirg
countries of the world aren't gonna be
pushed around anymore

But, back to the battle. We lost I think
it was planned that way We only had 43
men and since South Georgia is almost
h'iilt miles south east of Malvinas.
Argentina knew Britian would go for that
first Right now their feeling a bit over
confident The rest of the boys are dog
into Malvinus and the other Falklands
deeper that a leech in a fat lady's ass The
British are going to have a lot more than
they bargained for.

For me. I'm coming home. I have
had enough Worries living day to day in
strange countries. not knowing what
country is going to write me a paycheck.
Not knowing whether the next bullet has
my name on it. I have tirade a cool
$70.00“ in all this. not to mention the
stock—laundering deal in Guatemala.
Enough to put Angela through school.
Just as long as it isn't SUNY. I'll be happy

Keep the shinny side up and the dirty
side down Catch ya' later .

Moped
Dream

Mer—
chants

 

 

Hubert—Kenneth Dickey

 

"Take a lift to the top of the Empire
State
Take a drive across the Golden Gate
March. march. march across Red Square
Do all the things you've never dared".
-f’hillip Adrian Wright

(Story starts with the principal
somewhere between dream state and
consciousness.) .

_And now the show nrust go on and on
and on. One precious act at least that’s the
PR job that's being presented. A lifetime
offer to be redeemed upon death.
Meaningless people spent without mercy.
The‘wcak as well as the strong do battle
this day.

How can the eyes of fools be compared
to the eyes of angels? For that matter how
dare there be gods that are not servants of
my desires. Be honest with yourself for a
moment. do you suppose that anyone ever

i-cares unless-thepotntibe driver). home by-'

D
.JunalnzlJJuuna r.l,r.r.i.r.r LLL’HJJJ '.‘.'.'.‘

, -

dentaelﬂqélmegag. ' "

 

 

 

 

. , ‘ l to:
photo perspective by David Brooks

Life is a pain iii the ass but you don't
have to be an asshole. There is enough
shit around already. why add to an already
heavy burden, . .

"Wake up you bum. Get up out of that
bed this instant mister or you'll be cut off
for a month!" A sharp. piercing glance cuts
through my pupils. Despair clouds my
mind in search of some lost planet or
galaxy. Electrical jolts pulsate through my
veins.

Slowly I open my eyes. a Moira Lisa
(with blonde hair. one almond and one
green eye looks down upon rue. My
mouth opens only to close for breaths of
air (polluted or otherwise although I must
confess I did smell the heat iii her.) "I'm
irot sure you're speaking to me. Would
you kindly please repeat the question?" A
puzzled look contorts the left side of her
face. It (her lace) appears to have
undergone some great shock or trauma

"Cut the shit. wise ass You've important
business to attend to. I expect the best
frotn all those I choose to love. l'nr not
investing the time. effort and God knows
what else. for nothing. Get up out of that
bed. If for no other reason than to have

 

your way with me."

“Sounds like I've reached a wrong
number. Are you sure this isn't Tony's
Pizza Parlor? Oh l've reached the local arm
of give-me‘what-l-want. Due to technical
difficulties we must return you to your local
stations. Please siaird by. Remember this is
only a test If this were real I wouldn't be
here and neither Would you. Correct me if
I'm wrong but am I to take it that the
reason for this Irrceting is no longer valid?
In plain everyday English ~ butt off!" “I
try arid ti'y to do the things you say you
like me to do Why do you mistreat me
so? Am I so vilu that I must be stripped of
my humanity lli order for you to recover
your manhood? What's the matter. can't
you get it up anymore? Something wrong
wrih your pecker. old man. "

Heat leaps from the depths of my being.
My soul. my manhood. my very penis has
become a point of contention. My ego
sucks off the cream that covers the fertile
fields of my mind I scream irrto a cosmic
hole My tongue extends itself exploring
the empty void around my invisible lover
Passion thrusts itself min action I stand
guard over the last ol my restraints l'rn
only inches away from the edge. The abyss
of terror and violence beckons me to enter
its bottomless pit Constant bliss in
exchange for my soul. “All the evidence
I’ve run across leads to a conclusion quite
different from the one (conclusion) you've
expressed to me today. Perhaps we can
settle this in some mutually beneficial
manner. I suggest you go fuck yourself.
While it may not make you feel any more
predisposed to my continued presence.
you will at least be out of my hair for a. few
minutes."

“I don't understand men. All they have
on their minds is sex (I should say
fucking). I rather doubt if any man really
knows what to do with his penis. This
overpowering need to demonstrate their
existence by the willfull penetration of both
objects and humans. A most disturbing
pattern of behavior If you ask me. When
was the last time you ever put some
humanity into those sexual Images that

 

.domtnate your mind? You're not a man,
p. . . ».  .. . . . .   .,.... 

 

 

\

.. - .. . ...._.w._..-.Mnmmeﬁg

 

 

you're an animal." - i Q, I .5

Sometimes It just doesn't‘.,'|5ay to get up
In the morning. Other times it doesn’t pay
not to. Repeated couplings with fact or
fiction bring dreams home. Midnight turns
Irrro midday. The words that others use to
offend often reflect their inner fears. Will

Wrot the terror cease?

is it wise or noble to~shrink away when
the only thing standing tall lies between
your legs? The barrier forrns itself in the
mind. Beneath the sticky sweet juices of
life jism. doubt along wrth fea'r'awalt “their
chance." ' ‘ 1

l for one resent any mention of Darwin
arid his damn animals. I am a man. I am
trot an animal I offer this opinion in
reiurri: how be it that man and woman are
considered human? If a man or men in
general are dogis). are not women then to
be considered as dogs also?

Perhaps I have overstated the point. I
meant only to say that some dreams you
have when you are asleep: others you live
out each day of life.

Slee in De isions

 

Resolve

 

Martin Nakell

 

Whether we decide to drink scotch or
whiskey. what difference does it make? Or
to live in Kentucky or Montana. it's all the
same. it's all livriig Whether you decide to
be a lawyer or an aiciiiiect or a carpenter.
what difference? Beneath all that deciding
there is something. there is resolve. and
that's sorrrctlrilig different We don't resolve
to anything. We are Just resolve. The seed
does not decide to become a flower or
hush oi plant or tree Or not to become at
all But il has resolve. in is resolve. and it's
that resolve which becomes And that's
why we don't like this resolve that we are.
because it doesn't care what we decide
And what is resolve but death. the edge of
death When something is resolved it goes
on dying. and we humans are always being
resolved. like the light. at fr:iiti in the
evening. is resolved lli .i,tice’t on a
building. it someone's body or their eyes
Our (lL’L ions sleep. we forget them.
dreaming what we don't understand. what
understands us more than we do But
resolve is somethier else. it is what never
sleeps, it is a fire which rises front the pit of
everyone and goes swirling through their
being It is rising now. even in the hardest
body. even in the irailest The sea is busy
resolving. and the moon. in the blue sky or
the dark sky among stars is resolving [\nd ‘
a man and a woman are resolving. and
sometimes they are one whole resolution.
and even that. resolution. that too is
resolving. The sun goes down at night and
the day becomes dark and we think that
what we see is what lliL’l'G'lS. But what we
don't see is that the sun goes on resolving.
out there. in here. day and night. It is
impossible to count out the eternitles of the
world resolving. even if we count each of
our individual lives and all of their
impulses.

So we decide to go to work. to make
money. or to stay at home and tend the
illurninations of the day. the struggles of
the hour. But either way. there is resolve.
even though we may think It’s different.
And because we think it's different that's
why. to touch the resolve. we have to
enter our bodies. we have to hack away at
ourselves like hacking away with an ax at a
great stone. skillfully. even in our wildness.
our desperation to touch our resolve.
skillfully. so that we are not killed by the
flying Chlps.lj '

.w. .~.~.. . a. A”..- . ..

. ..\_..._.. . . ,._,._..‘ . \

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

