h. ._ v’.‘ _.._.__-

r;
.i
i,
it

gr

5.2;-..

 

w...

:9"; .. .-

 

 

 

a“

i ii 'W‘. ".t'

issrnssriiir's‘eirérnrr

‘A‘-

    

p.” 11.;

 

ﬁfé'fr'tjﬁng‘wawrr.sun-ratr urn: r t rr r i I“ t u r i u r; H mutt use at"; Hits”. .1 .s n

 
  

r. twat,

September M. 1982/page 9a

 

 

/

,.

And A Gentleman (Paramount).
deal with a subject rarely explored in major
films - friendship between men. Diner stat-
rlng Steve Guttetrberg (a SUNYA
graduate). Dattiel Stern. Mickey Rourke.
Kevin Bacon atrd Tittiotlry Daly explores
.the cotrrpetitive/sttpportive relationship
between this group of youtrg trrerr who
now fitrd themselves on the verge of deci-
sieiir iii-it. will slice ibs_,r_sst_ei.i'19i:lir25.

Megan Taylor

-Tﬁre-re' .Vrr'e'si‘enes of’the‘f'a'lse bravado so
many men use to cover their insecurities
and impress women, Challenges to seduce
the “prettiest girl". argutrretits about who is
the best tnusictan to make-out to (Sinatra
won) are ilre rules of the group. but
underlying these conversations is a real
support system symbolized by their
meetings .tt the ditrer These men are post-
college: Shreevte trrarried to a woman he
realizes he doestr't know. Eddie about to
get married who as a last chatrce for escape
nrakes his betrothed take a Baltimore Colts
football trivia quiz which she nrust pass with
a 65 or he will back out of the marriage.
Billy iii graduate school whose gitlftieird
finds herself pregnant arid questioning their
love. Boogie wlro plays the tough guy
always itr control who is seatclritrg hardest
for something to believe in. as he says "if
you don't have dreams you have
nightmares". arid odd ball Fetrwick who

we recent major studio releases.
I Diner (MGM/UA) and An Officer

   

 

can answer all the questions on the College
Bowl quiz show but continues to play the
clown afraid he won't fit in.

Unfortunately this brave. and often fresh
project. highlighted by flawless acting atrd
slick set design (an original metal diner as
the focal poitrt) gets bogged down with a

  

 

script that is at best choppy. at worst irr-

 

congruous. The filtn has a strobe-like ef-
fect. flashing a variety of not necessarily
related episodes leaving the viewer with the
distinct sense of having eaten “just one'
potatoe chip - the taste was great but not
enough.

When Eddie asks Shreevre what it's like
to be married. if it's what he expected. the
answer to this apparently simple qtiestirr
finds Shreevie. for the first time. exatriitritrg
his marriage The script. however. leaves
the character and the conflict unexplored.
the scene being saved by the expressive ac-
ting of Stem lli other situations l felt direr:~
toranter Batty Levinsoir backed away
from any intense ettrottotial scenes, which
is perhaps .tt the heart of this filrrrs dilemA
tlttt‘ i5 it a comedy. a nostalgic piece of the
late 'f‘rits or is it a serious look into the con-
scious aiid titicotiscious effects of friend—
ship?

I walked away front the filtn laughing at
the funny tittu‘lltttlt routine over the credits
but at the same time left that was not
necessarily the feeling I should have been
left with After opening a tnyiiad of corri-
plex situations and unique characteriza-
tions the script falls itrto the ‘trow where do
we go with tlris' pitfall The final wedding
scene (yes Eddie marries Elyse) tries to tie
up all the filrrr's loss ends aird gives us in-
stead a composite "happy ending". all the
characters atid their respective ttrates all
went to have settled their difficulties.

Diner's most offensive problem.
however. is its treatment of Women Ellen
Barkitr. who plays the disillusioned
Shreevie's wile. gives a superb perfor-
mance as the "lose" girl in high school turn-
ed wife. who desperately misses the emo-
tiotral reassurance she found with men
after her. But the script reduces her to a
sleazy nympho. who should be the but of
jokes rather than the recipient of support
and understanding. The rich wasp girl on
her horse who captures Boogie's fantasy is
about as sterotyped as a character cart get.
atrd last but not least is Elyse. the bride-tov
be whose face we never even see. as if her
real identity didn't matter because "women
are all the same".

Despite the flaws. the acting. atrd the
good parts of this film (and there are many)
make it well worth the price of admission.

In contrast to Diner is the superby writ-
ten. directed atrd acted An Officer atrd A
Gentleman. This film gives us a very
serious. thought-provoking and emotional-
ly complete look at one man's growth aitd

Dining With a Gentleman ‘

self-discovery as a direct consequence of

the men and women who touch his life

while an officer-candidate at Naval fllglrt

school. Far from the “love story" the

studio is selling it as. the heart of this film is

its star. Richard Gere's. interaction with his
closest friend Sid Worley (a phenomenal
performance by newcomer David Keith)
and his drill sargent. Foley. a potential'
academy award performance by veteran
Louis Gossett. Jr.

The filttr starts with a serious of flash
backs outlining Gere's clrtldlrood ex.
petierrces iii the Far East living with his
drunken. enlisted man father after his
iitother's suicide. The flash backs continue
up to the poiitt where Gere returns home
after college and finds his father itr bed with
a prostitute. a common state of affairs and
leaves with less than wartrr good-byes for
the naval training base. His father's last in-
victive. that he will never be an Officer.
becomes the taunt that drives him onward
under great duress.

(itrssett. as the tough Sargent takes an in-
stant dislike to Gere and sets out to
eliminate him front the group. But we see
that the tough guy wlrn sells polished
buckles and sho'es to his ‘frietids' on inspec-
tiotr day is really paying for the stuff himself
in the tropes he'll be accepted; his father's
words a continual reminder of his pat'.
When Gosset finds the stuff he sets out to
break Gore, to force hitn to resign. atrd
there follows a series of scenes of a
weekend lorrg ordeal. including push up.
itr shoulder deep nrud. leg lifts held for 45
minutes. etc. etc. but he does not break.
Finally (‘rosseit asks him why he take it.
why doesn't he leave aird iir pain and
honesty he confesses he has no where else
to go.

As a backup to this relationship is the
friendship ire develops with Sid Worley.
the young rttaii from Oklahoma who is on-
ly there to fill his brothers shoes. air older
brother who was killed itr Vietnam.
Through this relationship. Gere learns
what love and caritrg is all about. When he
is refused leave. arid is being harrassed bit
Gusset. Worley arid the two women of th
filttr hire a boat and sail by the base. moon-
itrg at the sargetit. a comic atrd caritrg
touch that gives Gere the courage to
persevere.

The love story between Gore and Debra
Winger (another otttstandtirg performance)
is touching. atrd very real. This is no Snow

 

White and Prince Charming. but rather real

people who recognize each others
weaktress and strengths and grow together
reaching out and taking a chance on really
loving. When Sid Worley's local girl fakes
a pregnancy in hopes of trapping him into
marriage he decides he really loves her.
resigns from the corp and proposes. but
she only wants to marry art officer. and tells
him so. This ingenuous man is drivetr.
with all his ideals and hopes shattered. to
rent the same motel roorn they had shared

     
   

I i .gt

 

atrd takes his own life. leaving no note.
This scene. discovered by Gere. makes
him confront the feelings he had so long
held at bay about his mothers suicide.

All along. Gere has been seen as a loner.
striving only for personal glory within the
corp.. but after these events. on the fitral
day of traitrltrg. he has the opportunity to
beat the base record for the obstacle
course. He runs it with a young wotrratr
who has yet to get over the wall. atrd
although he is near the finish line arid is
well within a new record time. he returns to
urge her on. to make sure she beats her
obstacle. a scene that is the culnrirration of
his individual growth and the unity that has
developed within the group.

At the heart of this growth is the ability to
accept a need within ourselves for other
people. To recognize there are no
guarantees In relationships. with men or
wortretr. and to know that the moments we
share are worth the pain In the end. The
final scene of the movie will fulfill
everyone's need for a truly romantic en-
ding to the love story that is well developed
throughout the movie (punctuated by a
very graphic yet artistic sex scene).

This filtn stands alone In the current fare
of ‘big' films. both because of its subject and
execution. Taylor Hackford's direction is
cleatr. tight. atrd has a steel knife emotional
edge that is certainly helped by the very
well written script by Douglas Day Stewart.
Dotr't miss this one. 11

 

Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Girls.”

ove over. Mickey and Judy. The
MWashingtotr Park Theatre Conr-

pany has Dad's unused barn
beat. The company has recently taken up
residence in the former St. Atrthony's
church located on the corner of Grand
Street and Madison Avenue itr downtown
Albany.

Donna MacMillan

Washington Park Theatre Company first
went Into production in the sumnter of
1981. when the group presented Antigone
and Lysistrato in the batrdshell of Albany's
Washington Park. This past summer.
Washington Park Theatre Company mov-
ed to the Grand Street location. where they
stagged Kurt Votrtiegut's Happy Birthday
Wanda June atrd BUR. by Karl Capek.

The owners of the church. the Sorts of
Italy. leased the building to the theatre
group in return for a toketr payment of a
cake in addition to the massive job of
cleanup. repairs. and maintenance.
Volunteers from the community asisted the
company members iir much of the
cleanup. and the church was not so much
transformed as It was adapted to the needs
of a theatre company.

The sacristy became a combination
dressing room and Green Room. The
choir loft grew tettdrils of electric cable.
transforming it into a lighting and sound
booth. Church pews were uprooted from
their prim rows and arranged around the
large platform which was the stage. Yet
despite these changes. one is constantly
reminded of the buildltrgs former purpose.
After all. how many theatres have stained
glass windows?

When approached at the end of the
season. the Sons of ltaly generously ex-
tended the group's lease until October 31.
and plans to stage Torn Stoppard's
tragicomic play Rosencrantz and
Guildenstern Are Dead went into motion.

Stppard's play is. on the surface.
Shakespeare's Hamlet seen through the
eyes of two minor characters. Rosencrantz
and Guildenstertr. More than a mere
retelling of the tragedy. Stoppard's play is
an examination of the meaning of life atrd

 

 

 

death. man's control (or rather. lack of
control) over his destitry. and the exploita-
tiotr and trranipulatlon of the itrdividual by
society

Director Charles Wagner expands on the
themes of nranipulatiotr through the in-
novative casting of two women in the title
roles. Wagner feels that "Rosencratrtz and
Guilderrstertr Are Dead" is relevant to the
problems of all people. but that it relates
specifically to what women have to go
through iir society, "It seems that women
are manipulated by both society and their
inner fears If women could learn the art of
self determination that society fails to teach
them. they would be lit control." said
Wagner.

As Rosencratriz and Guildenstern. Jane
Lapoinie and Julie Ellis perform ably.
They interact well. with the sensitivity and
precision necessary for the characters'
rapid fire exchanges and thoughtful
monologues on death. life. atrd their pur-
pose lti relation to the situation they have
been urrwilllirgly thrust into. As Rosen-
crantz. Jane Lapoinie evolves subtly from a
person who is not too concerned with the
implications of her situation to a confused

  
   
  
   

pawn frustrated and frightened by her con-
fusion. Her frustration is shared frotn the
beginning by Julie Ellis' Guildetrsterrr. the
more thoughtful arid perceptive character
of the two. Ellis exhibits remarkable control
over her role. conveying strength without
the power to exercise it fully. Despite the
differences in their characters. the two do
not create tension between themselves:
rather. they are bound together by the tetr-
siotr created aroutrd them.

As the leader of a ragged band of travell-
iirg players. Norbert Brown is appropriately
sleazy. One knows instinctively not to trust
him. Brown controls his character well; his
voice is insinuating without becontirrg
monotonous or overdone. The Players.
portrayed by Randall Klein. Tom Peterson.
Pauline Gadzuk. Greg Wolfe. atrd Mary
Beth Hassett. move together as one per-
son. They are an anonymous utrit pro-
grammed to follow the Leading Player and
respond to his commands. Their
movements are well choreographed: they
are restrained rather than manic,

As Claudius arid Gertrude. the King and
Queen of Denmark. Mark Stevenson and
Laurie Szabiewski are regal without being

 

 

.l‘i,T 1. ~ V..ﬁ.rv

t overbearing. Their presence together com-
mmands the stage, without overtly reveal-
ing the control underlying'their characters.
Both actors give excellent deliveries of the
Shakespearean dialogue excerpted from
Hamlet. Hamlet is played by James Dut-
cher: he delivers an.effective portrayal of a
man constantly aware of the danger sm-
,rounding him. Dutcher's Hamlet is like an
'antmal determined to survive. even if it
' means betraying his closest friends,
Stephanie Starer is a refreshing Ophelia,
gin that she is Winsome without being co'y.
and exhibits realistic. humatr reactions in
response to Hamlet's erratic behavior
toward her. Finally. Joe Bowen suc-
cessfully conveys the character of l’olonius
from the moment he enters. His character
is perhaps the most amusing In the play. in
that Polotrius inspires simple humor itr a
play otherwise shot through with black
comedy.

.Wagner has toned down the humor iii
the play. arid is successful rtr that the pro-
ductiotr achieves a more thoughtful level of
meaning without dragging. Remarkable
restraint is evident throughout every aspect
of the production; the direction is tight.

The play is sliglitfy flawed by the thrust
stage employed. The stage area is just a lit-
tle too small and appears cluttered when
there are a larger number of actors
onstage. Yet despite this difficulty.
Washington Park Theatre Cottrpany's pro-
ductiotr of Rosencratrtz and Gulfdenstern
Are Dead is certainly worth taking time to
see. Tire play opens September 16 and
runs through the 19th. and again from
September 23 - 26 Al performances begin
at 8 pm. Tickets for the Thursday night
performances are Sill/general public and
$1 .511/59'1101’ citizens and students. Friday
through Sunday night tickets are
$5/getreral public and SIT/senior citizens
and students. Reservations and informa-
tion are available by calling 482-1153.

To get to the theatre: by car. travel east
on Madison Ave. to Grand Street. about
three blocks below the South Mall. Limited
parking is available. By SUNY bus. take
the bus to Eagle St stop. and walk south to
Madison Avenue, turir left on Madison.

theatre is about two blocks down. L'

 

 

 

ack when Led Zeppelin was really
B sotitrg. iii the mid atrd late 7ft'5.

there were persistent rumors that
the wildly successful English quartet were
splitting up. and that some of the members
were to do solo albums. While this was a
depressing thought for their legions of fans.
it was also air anrusitrg scenario. Few could
imagine Led Zeppelitr's srnger. Robert
Plant actually doing a solo album. What
would he do - sing the songs with no back~
ing music? it was simply incomprehensible
that Robert Plant could lie teamed with a
different set of musicians. Led Zeppelin
was a BAND. solid as metal (heavy). and
washout asinessiﬂetiﬂsw

Robert Schneider'r'

This immunity from damage was typified
by the band's drummer. John "Bonzo"
Bohnam. On tours. he'd go through so
many limos that GM stock would zoom.
Hotel rooms were reduced to SUNY quali~
ty after Zeppelin and Bonzo would do their
numbers. After In Through The Dirt Door
was released in 1979. everything seemed
great for the band. They were set to do a
US. tour in the fall of 1980. when the
most indestructible one od all. Bohnam.
drank himself to (Teeth. Rumors abounded
that Carl Palmer. of Emerson. Lake and

 

 

 

Palmer was going to join the band and go

 

Plant Reflects

on to tor. much like Kenny Jones joined
The Who. Nothing materialized. and the
batrd broke up. Heavy metal fans soon
found other bairds to satisfy their hurtger.
such as AC/DC and Ozzy Osborne But
replacing Led Zeppelin with this was like
replacitig filet mignon with liver - it just ain't
the same, When word spread that Robert
Plant ivas doing a solo album. heavy metal
fairs got their hopes up. They propbably
wotr'i like this album. Pictures A! Eleven.
but most everyone else will.

Since the demise of Led Zeppelin. Plant
hasn't been too busy. He tirade his trrost
public appearance at the concert for Karri-
puchea in 1980, when he perfortrred with
Rockpile. doing a nice version of Elvis
Presley's Little Sister. Other than that. he
mainly jammed with R and B batrds. until
he decided to do this solo album. Plant has
been fairly open to interviews atrd the like.
something that would never happen durittg
the days of Led Zeppelin. According to
him. the possibility of former Zeppelin
guitarist Jimmy Page playing on Platrt's
solo effort never came up. However. this.
according to Plant. doesn't mean that the
two will never join forces again.

if this album is anything to go by. the
breakup of Led Zeppelin may have been
the best thing that could have happened to
Plant. His new album reflects a maturity

 

 

 

is Roots

The album opens with Burning Down One
Side. a sotrg that sets the pace for the rest
of the record. Phil Collins. of Genesis.
drutrrs on this and 5 other tunes. He britrgs
part of the Genesis sound to the album.
and that sound meshes well with Plant's
voice Oir this track. sortie speciall effects
are brought in. again a departure from his

past iir Led Zeppelin guitarist Robbie Blunt
plays a aisteful guitar on this song. in that
there's a nice solo by him. but it doesn't get
on ones nerves by digressing and droning
on for fifteen mii'iutes, as Jimmy Page’s
often would.

The songs on Pictures At Eleven all
sound more or less like Led Zeppelin. Tire

 

 

thatwaslackingon manyofhlspastefforts. . ones that ,most bring to mind the old

 

supergroup are the ones where Cozy
Powell drums. Slow Dancer is the closest
thing to a sequal to Kashmir that Led Zep-
pelin or Plant has ever done. it features the
same style of exotic chording and rhytlrnrs
that its predeccessor had. Powell beats on
the drums much the way Bohtram did. Utt-
fortunately. Slow Dancer is a bit too long. a
problem tltat's not really encountered
anywhere else here. .

Proof of Plairt's maturity is to be found
on perhaps the best song on the record.
Fat Lip. Jezz Woodroffe plays a beautiful
synthesizer on this one. as he does
everywhere else. Plant's unique style of
singing goes well with the synthesizers on
this fine. bluesy tune. with Blunt adding a
fine recurring guitar riff. This. along with
Moonlight in Santosa. sound like a logical
extension of the Zeppelin sound on their
last album. This album shows where the

Bonham died.

As a package. Pictures At Eleven
disproves the widespread belief that Plant
would never succeed as a solo artist. He
has succeeded here. although It's not a
roaring achievement. His backing band is
good. although Paul Martinez on bass
didn't have much to say on this record.
Plant has shown that he can indeed make a
good solo album. but it remains to be seen
if he can defy the Sophombre jinx. D

 

- ~mw...~t...v..m.....

 

group may have been going when

Changes Three

avid Bowie hasn‘t released a full-
D length rock album since Scary

Monsters. However. this doesn’t
mean that he hasn't been active musically
or theatrically. David Bowie. rock legend.
has established lrinrself as a reputable actor
since his critically acclaimed portrayal. on
Broadway and across the US. of John
Merrick _ﬂ

0 0

Linda Quinn
iii The tﬁﬁhEﬁ-Man, as 'well as his
previous film appearances iii The Man
Who Fell To Earth arid Just A Gigolo. Last
year Bowie. iii a carrier) appearance as “the
thin white duke". performed Station to Sta-
tion in the German film Christian F. (Wir
sitid Kinder von Bahirhof Zoo). and recent-
ly he finished filming The Hunger (a
characterization that included a make-up
job which is truly phenomenal) with
Catherine Detreuve. Bowie also wrote the
lyrics to Giorgio Moroder's music for the
theme song frottr the filtrr Cot People (Pub
ting Out Fire).

Somewhere iii between Putting Out Fire
and The Hunger. Bowie took on the statr~
ing role'as the "Bedraggled Baal - poet -
singer - murderer" in german playwrite
Bertolt, Brecht's Bani. which was filmed for
and recently aired on BBC-TV. ltr May of
'82. RCA-Victor released an EP consisting
of five songs froin the production utider the
title Dauid Bowie in Bertoft Brecht's Baal.
All the song lyrics on the EP were written
by Brecht. with the exception of the tradi-
tional German Lied "Remembering Marie

 

 

 

A". and the musical arrangements were

       
 

 

done by the teleplay's musical director.
Dominic Muldowuey. a very fine job in-
deed. The EP was produced by Bowie and
his long-time coproducet/friend » Tony
Visconti,

But what is Baal? Baal is Bertolt Brecirt's
first play. written while he was a student at
Munich University shortly before the end of
W.W.l. (Baal premiered in 1923 itr Leip-

FR

zig. and was rejected as much too cryptic-
poeticvoriginal. It was not until The
Tlireepenny Opera that Brecht became
popular with the German Bourgeoise).
Baal — a play lit 21 scenes was based on the
real life of a certain Josef K. and was
entranced by the idea of the semith-
phoenician deity of ‘ L"” ' - Baal.

Bowie

The term "Baal" was originally used for
the gods of Canaan iii the Old Testament;
one Baal for each locality. Baal worship
was usually characterized by fertility rites
and hunratr sacrifice. The term was also
adopted by the Hebrews for their God. but
as the struggle between Canaattite
polythetsm and Hebrew trronotheisnr grew.
the term became s tronomous with evil -

     

giving rise to the term, Beelzebub.

Brecht's slovenly character. Baal. rejects
societal norms breaking two of the Ten
Commandements; he covets his neighbor's
wife and Ire commits murder. Although
'Baal is as corrupt as the society which sur-
rounds him. he possesses a deep apprecia-
tion of aesthetics; he identifies with the sky

arid at death fails rrrto the earth Baal is am~
biguous. he is Boudelaire's “Ftere lecteur"
(brother reader) of Floors du Mai. and Mick
Jagger's “Every cop is a criminal and all the
sinners saints" of Sytrtpatlty for the Devil.
Baal represents the universal adage. “there
is evil within us all" In The Tfireepertny
Opera. Brecht irimseli reiterates this theme
with: “We on stage may be little crooks: but
nrany of you out front are big ones". very.
reminiscent of the medieval morality plays.
As for the album itself. one could listen
in this EP in less titan 15 minutes. but
disregarding the length Bowie's voice
comes through cost. clr. -.r and articulate
(even with the emphatic t ckney accent he
sports to enhance the ch. .tcter he is play-
itrg). He captures liaal's U tel character: in
Ballad of the Artur-tittrtt-rs it is the cynical
crudeness of Baal which is evident but in
Remembering None A. it is his rich sen-
sitlvity.
Of the five songs. The Drowned Girl C0-
authored by Brecht and his legendary com—
. tade Kurt Weill. is by far the most powerful
and moving. Bowie's voice is as deep as
the underwater world which he decribes.
‘faintly reminiscent" of Wild Is The Wind
off Station to Station and Scary Monsters
(rind super creeps) off Scary Monsters. His
pronunciation is languid; his words linger
as he explicates the drowned girl's corporal
deterioration, His tone is chillingly mourn-
lot.
if Bowie's fans have the eclectic musical
tastes he does. this record will do well at
the local record shop. Any hard'core
Bowie fan should enjoy Baal ’ another side
of David Bowie - artist. ‘

 

 

i

, t

 

 

 

 

