 

 

it
t;
'1
l

 

 

 

 

.ED

ITORI

 

 

ltateful mart is Iickittg envelopes.

He has hundreds ot' white envelopes on the
dining roonl table in front of him. stuffed with streets

of printed paper on brightly colored stock.
After the mlddl ‘-aged man has

radio stations. One of tire addrc.

 

NY."

Mark Margoian is a tax consultant in Waukegan

arid. as a sideline. hares. [:vcryorre.

He hates blacks. .lcvvs. asiaris. liispatrics arid jtlst
abottt everyone else who isn‘t what he calls a

"White." He is a sick man.

Margoian claims tltat lie is of the "line while
elect" —— tlral God has selected lrirtr to tell the world
how the .lcws and blacks (that‘s trot the word lie uses)

are lakittg ovct‘ tlte country. and will burn in hell.

Last weekend was srtpposcd to be the first great
national Ktt Kltlx Klart rally in y 'ar's. What in fact
lrapperled iii the Mary and suburb of Washington
was tltat the Klansrtreti that slrovvetl tip were strongly
outnumbered by thousands of counter-

s mm the
envelopes. he takes a pctt arid writes the addresses of
endless scores of newspapers. television stations. and
cs he serawls with
his blue. ball-point pen on the envelopes reads “En-
tire Student Staff. Student Newspaper, State Univer-
sity of New York. I400 Washington Ave.. Albany.

1: A The low groan of hate

I n the Chicago suburb of Wattkcgan. a sick.

dcmortstrators.

There's no doubt that the Klan is growing. Every
time the unemployment figures jtttup enrollment in
the KKK increases. Every little people forget what
tltcse racists can do arid have-done the Klan increases
in strength.

The way the KKK is growing is different this time.
They are recrrriting in Iriglr schools. where prejttdice
is fed on naiveity. Klan members leaflet outside the
factory gates when laid-off white workers conic off
their last shift. tcllitrg them that their jobs have been
taken by blacks. asking them if a black should be
working when they‘re out of work. They try to
capitalize on the ellrnic and racial predijtrccs people
carry inside tlretir.

Today's Klan clairirs that it is now non-violent.
The friends and relatives of victirtrs of hundrcds'ot'
Klan-sponsored violetrt incidents each y ~ar will take
issue vvitlt that. Brutal acts are cortrrtritted under the

Klan irattte. from the murders of five anti-Klan ac-

tivists ill (ir'eensboro to themany random killings
irrost people never Irear about.

The list of moles include many other groups —-
tlre many Nazi organizations in the country are just
as ol'f-thc-vvall as the Klan. They're also rtrtrclr closer
to ltortre. The leader of the Natiottal Socialist Libera-

tion From. Karl Hand. is planning a trip through the
Northeast late this December which will include it
stop in Binglrainptotr to drum up sortie support arid
meet with the locals.

Racist and anti-semitie posters have pcriodicallv
appeared on campus arid ill some residential districts
of Albany over the past few years. containing
references to botlr Nari and Klan slogans. Jewish-
ovvned business in the city of Albany have been van»
dali/ed and spray-painted with Nazi slogans. lllc
cra/ics certainly cart be locally found.

A very important factor now is tlral people aren‘t
going to be intimidated by the violenci of the cltt/ics.
People rccogrri/e tltat. as one speaker at AStlllA‘s
Black Solidarity Day last week said. that “the KKK
are a group of organized terroris s." When the Klan
or Nit/is conic ottt irl force. so do peacelul
demonstrators to show their opposition. The grorrpv
preaching ltatc are easily outnumbered by the groan
against that terrorism. I

The demonstration in Maryland was just one r-v»
ample. The groans of Irate were ovcrvvlrclrrred by tllc
chants of the pr‘otcstors. This kind of orgarri/ed up
position to the Klan is a very good way of slrovvruv
the Klan that people will not accept their violence and
bloodshed ally rlrorc.

 

C

 

O L U

M

N

 

 

NYPIRG - strike one

NYPIRU stttrrds for the New York Public Interest
(iroup. and while it rttay Iravc "rcscarclt" irl its title. it tilav
Irave neglected this function two months ago. I

At that time the coalitiort between 's'ASU. SIJ. SA. (lt‘A
altd NYPIRU was fortttcd. The coalition was formed to get
all eligible SUNYA students registered to vote in the
November 2nd general election.

 

i Eric Sauter

 

Instructions were given to several coalition ol‘licials by
NYPIRG to register all Alumni t)trad students at I400
Washington Avenue instead of their real addresses down at
the quad. When some SA officials questioned the validity
of the instrirctiorls lratldcd to thciit. they tlv)tlh|c»clrcckv\l
with NYPIR(i. and were rcasstrrcd that since:

u Alumni Quad is part of the University arid

> mail to residents of Alumni ()trad cart be maich
to the I400 Washington Avenue lltltltL‘S: artd be
received by Altrttrtli residents and

p the more students registered rtt l-liX) \\’ashinglon
Avenue. the rtrorc impressive looking it is to tire
coalition,

It would be perfectly all right to register downtown students
at the uptown address.

The result was that rttutly students were denied their ('on-
stitutional right to vote. long litres flared tcmpcrs. frustra-
tion developed. tltcre was lots of red tape. arid some possi-
ble felonies.

According to the Republican atld Democratic chairper-
sons. students were coming into tlte polling area on State
Street and were ttrrrrcd away becattse their buff cards were
not on file at the polling place. Iluff ctirds art lltc forms
that say a voter is registered for that particular polling
place. Over 100 students were Itrrrred away. irot able to
vote. because they were ilrcorrcclly registered. 'l'lrcir bttff
cards were at St. Mary Margaret's pollittg place. yet they
lived iii the State Street polling area. If the students from
Alumni went to St. Mary Margaret's polling place (wherc
their buff cards were) they would be committing a felony
since they don't livt in that election district.

After long conversations between the party cliair pcrsotrs.
the elections officials arid the students. the problem was
pinpointed.

The election officials were now letting incorrectly
registered students vote by affidavit. This process allows

students to vote by a paper ballot (similiar to alwcr’rtce). btit
it's also very time-consuming to process each student. All
through the day the people at the State Street office stif-
fcrcd verbal abuse from very frustrated students who were
kept waiting or who were turned away. The students blata-
ed the elections officials and t_he elections ofﬁcials at first

blrittred the students btit tlrert rertli/cd that thc blatlrc should
go to the people who registct'cdtllc students.

Now rttalty of these fr ilstratcd. angry students blarlred the
people (usually all elected representative from their dorm)
who rcgister'cd them. These elected representatives then
went on to vvllocvcl told them to register Alumni students
at Hot) Washington Avenue arid complained to llretti.

llrc question is. “Who is really to blaine'l". ()f colrrsc
the blame has to be placed over the entire coalition since the
rcgtstratior. was done as a joilrl effort between the five stu-
derlt groups. Also tltc blame should be placed (Ill tllc crltirc
coalition becalrse eaclt grotlp did n't check up aitd verify the
procedure of registering. llrcy relied on one group.
NYI’IRG. which proved to be a large mistake.

So the results of NYI’IRU‘s lack ol research were;
damage to the good tcptrtatiolrs of the groups iii the

  
 
    
        
  
           
  

\\\\“\\\\\\\\\\

////

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\

......mmm‘wmms“\s‘scccmmmmm

  

 

    
   

 

  
 

 

 

WW
0. 9/. ..O" 7

...“-

/’ MONTHLY WEE
 LEt’s ta] curiae. 20 carts
 _ INFORMATION citrate.
 AND $5.85 FOR THE
   FIRST. 5 MINUTES
E% I {7/ III an
 new» "
g? by GM m:.::  tram ;

  i

 o  .0 ‘ 3&5"  .... l
\\.l\\  '9 ‘s fié'. O. “vigil?” 3.5%   if

    

coaliton. elected officials on Altrttrtri Quad. tire llorud ot
Izlecrlons. arid most of all the students as volirrg rlrerilbvtv
of tlrer college coinrlrurtity.

l Ieel that NYI'IRti owes apologies to: the Republican
and Democratic cliaiipct'sorls. all other people at the poll-
ing place on State Street. the clcctiott comrirlssiorl. the
coalition of student groups. llrc voting ciIi/etts who had to
wait oti lotlgct litres while clectioirs officials were clearing
tip some of the contusion. atld rtrost of all the students on
Alumni Quad who were incorrectly registered.

Right rrovv NYI’IRti gcls $4.00 a year out of the student
activity fee to tltrld its oigarri/atiorr. NYPIRG will also he
cortlrtrg up during the Spring election for more ntorrcv per
semestcr. 'Iltc trtle of this article is “Strike One." unit It!)
opinion is that tile lcr'litlgs rrrl Alltllrrri are trot so gctrcrotp
as to give the gr orrp two more rtrislakcs. I

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

VERY GOOD. SIR —
THAT WILL Be s42
 institution CHARGE
$75 DEPOSIT. $14.50

\\

  

a

 

 

 

 

 

.2
. t
r;
.3
t
f
..

mummy.» "mum.  ......H ..

.a ... ..-.-M..........o.n_ - a.

 

L E

T T E

R S

 

 

 

' Sleazy actions

To the Editor:

lam writing this letter so that I rrriglrl disclose the terrible
insensitivity of a faculty member of this University.

Due to the death of a close family member. my suitcnrale
found it necessary to leave scltool the day before it paper
was due. This paper cotrsisted of a two page critique of the
play L-‘qrius' for a tltcatcr cottrse. llccnuse of the urrcvpcctcd
nature of iter departure she did not Iiave little to corrrpletc
this assignment. She explained this to her professor.

Apparently death was only a meager excuse to Professor
Weiner. llc toltl my suitentate she was behaving irrespon-
sibly; and. that it was a pretty “slca/y" thing to do. At this
point. my suiternate burst into tears. trot trttstrrprisirrgly.

I find it incredibly hard to believe that a person could be
so ttnfeellng under such extenuating cit‘cttttlslatlces.
Although Ire did grant her an extension. he did it grudging-
ly. A person should not have to be terrified to go to a
tcacltcr with a probiertr. Irt addition. she should not be sub—
ject to personal insult. Professor Weiner obviously admires
a “warm” student-teacher relationship. I worlch Ilovv the
good Professor would feel if tltc situation were reversed.
llttder extreme emotional duress. tlte last thing one should
ltave to worry about is work. In my opinion. lllis was a
"pretty slea/y" thing for the professor to do.

-.onct- ('olierl

Message from Israel

To the liditor:

“When irt Israel. do as the Israelis do" they say. Does
this ttrcatl to smoke tcti packs of tigarettes a week and dritrk
ten clips of coffee a day'.’ Does it mean joitlirrg the Army
and beginning collcgc til the age ol 1] or 24 ycats'.’ Does it
tlrcatr observing tltc sabbath. or piorlrcnading dovvrl the
center of Jerusalem with lrcslt ice cream on l'lltltl) riight'.’
Do I love Begin vir ltate llcgitl‘! Where do I begitl‘.’

I attl a junior at SUNYA spending a semester abroad. I
Iropc all is well lit Albany: that you‘re not too cold. the
fountains aren‘t leaking and the cement isn‘t bothering you
eyes. Wltilc you are taking tirid-tei tits I artr jumping cliffs ill
the (iolan llcigltts. Wltilc you are drinking at W. l‘.'s l rtrn
roaming a kibbirt/ cotton field. I don't know which is bet-
ter. bilt there is a message ill what I‘m lcarnitrg here.

Yotr read the tie )apcrs. yotr watch the news. The
media etlitorlalites facts into fiction before your eyes. We
are all deceived without realizing it. The ittfotrttatiort I get
froln English newspapers. the lsraeli new s. the lllK‘ and the
NI’ Titties ltave one thing it) common: tltcy are riiailagcd by
people with feelings arid emotions. ‘I lretcl'ore tr rub and ob»
jcctivity do not exist. Yet some mediums do come closer
than others to this goal. I tttg- yoit simply to be vvarv.
Watch numbers. distortion. l; .. rge. Read with a critical
eye. i don't Iltillk everything should be pro-Israel. not
should there be a new wave of anti-scrnitism. All mtclligcirl
assessment of liatd llt.‘\\‘s. llovvcvct. might be llclplttl.

I wish yotr all peacc. Hello and tiorrdbyc from lcl
Avivwin one word: Shalom.

 

   
   

A- Dtitiila (‘. (‘orwitr

Bus revisions

To the liditor:

Living on the downtown campus is great. there is a iccl-
ing of going “home” when you are done for lllc day. llrit
sometimes getting there and back is a problem. the pro
blenr I'm referring to is the poorly timed schedule or
SUNYA buses. At times one has to leave tip to lorry-five
minutes early to get to class on lltllL‘. At others you may ytcl
oil a practically ctnpiy bits. this leads to rrrarly other dri-
ficirlties.

l’it'st. professors are not very happy when you walk' itl
late. lie—she probably has no idea that you live dowrrlowrt
atrtl Iravc problems catching a bus. they only know that the
rest of the class (most of vvltottr live uptown) are there on
little.

Secondly. bus drivers. who llnve nothing to do with the
schedule. get hassletl because people can’t get on a bus. btrt
those left stllntlilrg on the outside are not thinking of this.
They only know tltey need to get to class and the hits iii iv ct
won't let them get tlll.

Another problem is the danger factor. When Iilctc .ire
three hundred people trying to crowd close to tire curb to
gel on tile bits. there runs a risk of someone slipping or be-
ing ptrsllcd into the path of a bus. Will it trike It tragedy

before something is done?

Correction

In the Noverlrbci .l issue of the .-I.S‘I‘. tllc lourth
paragraph of Mindy llcrrttan‘s letter "\'c\u.rl Myths"
should have read "Myth: No healthy woman can be ltltlt't
because site is able to prevent it.“ Wv regret the error.

 

It seems to tire that a sitnple solution would be for the
person. or people. who plan the sclredtilc to take two con-
secutive days (to meet the needs of bollr class schedules)
altd look for Iirnes when there are empty btlses arid when
tilerc are not cttotrgll. By switching it hits time no gas is
wasted arid the bus is itrorc useful because it's carrying
more people.

Asa resident assistant I've Ireard many people irr my sec-
tion and hail complain about buses. Is it fair for a person to
Iravc to get tip art ltotrr earlier sitrrply because they live
downtown? I really feel that something should be dotre. bill
because this is only it problem for one-fifth of tile lltti\ct'siA
ty's residents I'm afraid it will simply be overlooked. I hope
someone takes the time to prove rrie wrong.

-Kelly Lime
Resident Avila/uni. .‘llltltlllf Qrturl

Miranda controversy

To the l-ltlltor:

it is unfortunate that despite more than two weeks atl-
valrce troticc. no one frortr the zlSl’staffcotrId find the little
to cover Rafael ('arrccl Miranda's press conference last
lllrrrsday. (lctoltct 2‘)tll. l| yotr had. you would have pro
Italin been able to present a more acctrrate account of the
lecture given that tiigltt by the prominent spokesperson oi
l’uerto Rico‘s iridcpcntlcuee rlrovetrierrt. The fact is that
media such as tltc limes llrrion. Knickerbocker News.
l\’-(v. l\’-Itl. IV-I]. WORK. and ltalf a do/clr others. rrot‘
only lotttrtl the press conference newsworthy errorrglr to be
there. brrt their reports of both activities were more :lc-
crrratc and less biased than the ulS/"s. We hope this does
rlot signal a return to the lack of sensitivity for tltitd world
issues that your newspaper has shown lit the past year (e.g.
the ‘April l'ools' issue).

llie artitlc. lor instance. states incorrectlv that t‘anccl
Miranda was released from U.S. prisons after serving a
25-year sentence for the ('rrpitol llill shootings." ltr l'act.
(“titrch Miranda was serving two 90-y 'Ilt sentences atld his
release came about rtot because he completed Iris sentence.
bill because Washington gave ill to the pressure geiteratcd
by ti very itrtetrse international carrrpaign for his uncondi-
tiolral release. this campaign involved hundreds of
tltortsaiids ol people from all over the world who wrote let-
ters. sent telegrams. arid participated in demonstrations: in»
clrrdittg I’uer'to Ricans of all political persttasions. North
Americans. people from practically every Latin American
cotttltty‘. as well as from countries lrr littropc. Asia. and
Afric . Political parties and governments front over ltlt)
countries added their weight to this campaign. 'I his led to
resolutions from the lllritcd Nations and other world
bodies which proved ratltcr' crtrbarrassrtrg to the United
Ntttlt‘s at a little when the ('artcr' administration was making
lltltllltll rights a big issue.

In the .-l.\l’ article ( artch Miranda was rnistrrroted. He
did not sat “Not like Americans wirerc it‘s ‘nronkey sec.
nloitkey do." What he did say was: “Not like sortie l’rrcrto
Riv-arts who rrltitate Americans. for tlrerlr it‘s "monkey see.
monkey do." Although ('ancel Miranda has bccrl victimi/r
ed hv lllc government of the USA. he has much respect for
thc \iircircan people and would not stctcotypc Aiircricatrs
ltr such a manner Instead he was critici/ttlg those I'ircrto
Rtv‘titls wrtlr .i colorii/cd tlrctllality; [hill is. who assillrilntc a
tarrtaliirc-lrke ol vvlral Atrlciictttts are like. all irnaec
primarily ptoicctctl by Hollywood arid Madison Avenue."

Ilut the bias ill the .rtSlﬂs article is rtlost clearly reflected

 

 

Established itr 1915

@spectcS

tltiart Butt. L'rrrloi m Clllt'f
Wrryrto Paurnhootn. Manaqrng t‘drror

Editorial
News Editors
ASPncts Editor
Associuttl ASPucIs Editor
Sound Edllni
Vlsiott Editor
Sports Editor
Associate Sports Editor:
Editorial Paqu Editor
Contributan Editor
Editorial Assistants:
Atlttttrl. lltlwrttrl Ht's'tJl

Mark Hilllllltoml.lt'tl Kopiuwrl.‘
.ITttlilrtt' Mlll'lltlll

Megan L; Taytta

lltllitltt Slillnl'ltllﬂ

DartrranVartDettttuioh
Mart: Hastrtti

Mark tiasner. Mart: Stiltwtt:
Ltsabtrarrr
Attritt‘WCtttltrll
[lollbrr- Judtju. tlr-lrlrrr- Piotr-ta. Stall writers: (Ema
Mrkr- tlr-risorr (tau,- tirurnkrrt. lluttl Btllttit‘t. ltay

 

 

tirtrrrrarv lvrxrr t'.un.a tratrly (‘arnrrrirar-l. Htilrr-rthtrityrtli) DIIJhtl‘l. [till
i. ‘lrr‘t Hill! (i.ttrtrrtrt-t ttarry t‘a-tturr :teott t‘wt‘u'hwt-t. Ruhr-rt Gordon
1t (‘ thrust-t tat-plum tritoiii. l)t'ltl‘)t‘ rsrrrtrtrt Chant-er M L‘rlt‘r‘ttv. tlrst- t evrrrtt

iittrttrrt Mat Lillian. ('rrtir) Marita. [)rtvtrl Militttt'intrtt L‘..ltl I’atka LIV-it Part‘t
baron t‘ltorxi. l’ltti Picnics trnria (lurnrr 1 r1 Herr It. Itairrty ltrrtlt. Spectrum and
Events Editor: ttorvr lrtlt'rllt‘t”

Bustness
itunrrla Stevens. (hornet..-
llndy mailer. Assocratrr ilitstlrrtss Manager
Jarret Dialluss. Ailvrrttrsrrrp Manager 4
John liolttno. Sales Manager

 

Mimi/1‘!

ullltng Accountants ... . . . . . . . .. . Kaier Snrttotl. Judy torrit
Payroll Supnrvlloi . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Arlene Kailowttz
L_.

 

 

in its title: "FORMER TERRORIST MIRANDA
DEFENDS PUtERTO RICO." Terrorists are persons who
engage in violence to achieve their political ends. Both the
press conference and the lecture provided a historical
framework for the actions of the Pucrto Rican nationalists
which contradicts the terrorist label. It is in this sense that
the ASP article is most at fault. Instead ofcovering the ma-
jor points made by Cancel Miranda. it provides much less
irrrportant information (e.g.. “wouldn’t kill a i‘ly...".
"...tt) shoot hint it' he lied, "monkey see...").

'the shooting at the Congress by Cancel Miranda. a
vvortlau. and two other men. has to be seen in light of the
I'aet that the U..‘S. government had practically declared war
on the Nationalist Party. Hundreds of its members. trrrarnr
ed. trad been shot to death or wounded In deomonstrations
leg. the Ponce rirassacre. the Rio Piedrtts massacre. etc.).
Itrrridreds of Nationalist Party members. including its entire
leadership. were in prison at that titne. or like Cancel
Miranda. had been imprisoned in the past. As if to add in-
sult to injury. the U.S. Congress lrad just approved a new
Iavv governing l’uerto Rico's political status. and tire U.S.
goverrrrrtent ltad irr effect told the United Nations that
I’ucrto Ricans \vcrL happy with their condition as an enslav-
cd rtatiorl.

No! 'i Ire action of (‘atrcel Miranda arid the others irr I954
was not all net , of terrorisrn (or were the minority ol
Arricr icarrs who lought for this Ctltttllly'VitlticpctlthtICC ter-
rorists as vsell‘!). Had they shot jtrst anybody walking in the
violence. that would have bceti terrorisut. instead. iii an at-
tcrltpl to tell the world that I’irerto Rico vvanrs lls ilLtJtltrttt.
they porritcrl their guns at the people who through their ac-

~tiorrs or through their inaction were responsible for the
massacre ot deteriseless trrett and women in Police arrtl itr
otlrcr crtrcs. tor the jailing of so many l’lrcrto Ricatrs. anr'
iol tIlc continued colonial doininaliorr rrrrd esploilation ol
tllcrr country.

We rcali/e that Ralacl ('tltlcl Miranda is a very controch
sial ligilic. lttrl the newspaper's role sllould be to report inr-
partially the views of tile people that make the news. I cave
your biases for tire editorial pages! We hope thc.-tSI’ is able
to find some space now for vvltat we believe were the trrairr
poirtts (‘atlccl Miranda tried to convey last Thursday. We
also hope that tile rlcxt little the Department of Pucrto
Rican. l.atiit Atrtcricatt and Carribbean Studies. l-rter/a
I atirra. arid the Ptrcrto Rican lndepetldeitcc Solidarity
Alliance (I’RISA) sponsor an activity such as this one. you
tirld the little arid the space to cover it adequately and ac.
culatcly.

—.lti.se Rossy
l’Itt'rIo lv’ri'ii/t Independence Srrlr'r/urt'lv .‘Il/irlllt'l’

.llrrrrv /rrIIIIIs lli lv’ovvv‘v letter are well Irt/rert, but the
|t'l‘llt‘l tit/v r'v r/r/v tutti/cc offen- errtrry to level tt/r/ttir t'rt’tt't't'y/ir
it! the ,rtsl’.

I'lrr' li‘llt'l‘ tlllt'lll/)I\ Irr vtretrgI/icri the nirrtlr rlrrtl the ASP
lrjlttll‘t'v trir/rrtrr‘rr- concur/iv. Iflltiv trrr'llt were trite, Ilreir we
u otrlr/ti ‘.' lit/I tlI'IIt'It'\ (III A Ir'rrrttrlit '5» lecture. ll/rtclr' Solidarity
Ill/r. rI/Irl' t/rr' trttr'l'ervirv‘v «(lliir'lv lo flit‘rt'tl.\t’ rttrrirtrilv ral-
miss/tilts tllt'tttlt.’ ritrtirl' trIlrcrv. IIIjtl.\! I/re/riiv/feu' lv‘r'ttlvv ivc
ltrrrr' i'IllI tll'llt‘lt‘A rtrt I/Ir‘tt‘ \'llll_/('l'l\.

l'lrc paw r-rrvi'rr'rl .llir'irrrrlri's lecture. liltre tIItt/ v/urcr'
lr'rrirriitrotrv [ll‘t'l't‘lll its from covering every v/tettlver I/ltlll
t'fllllt'\ to l/Irs t‘rllll/lll\ trv t‘orrt/r/erelv in we rt-uirltl /I/vt'.

It i: lt'L'l‘t‘l lite litr'lttitl t'l‘l‘lll't lll Ilre v/orjv.

~I’rl.

Oltice Coordinator lr‘rlttrIr-t Blrrc'.

CliI5SIliDd Manager Mickey t'ta'm
Cornpnsrtron Manager . .. \tcnrut IiertrSJttltAtt
ALIVEIIIGIIIU Salas. Peter Forward. Neil Strs‘s'llﬂt‘r Advatiimng Production
Managers. 'slllliy Itotowrtx. Susan Fearritrart. Advattlsrng Production:
ILItttiI-r' nt-tvar ‘tatrr (itrrsborh Jane Hrtrich Michelle H L 1: Julie Marks
l'tarni- tin-awn ll'lt'lltlll Woll Ollien Stall: Eileen Newman Gay Potoss

 

o

 

Production
- Jack Dutschlag. Production Marrach
David Mrchnotson. Associate Production Manager

Clrlol Typesetter Gaunt; rtyan
thrtical Camera . Brit Bonilla
Paslalttp .lr-rvrttt' (latitt-l. Mlist' Cannon. LtvtilI-t Frrrtkrn. Gait Mr-tyl .ioivn Moran
Typisis: .ttryt r- ttalls, Bill tit-ottey Erica D'Adattto Joanne ﬁrttirtistr-r-rt- Stu-re
(to-aritraorn t'r..-.rtrr-tlr ttt-yrnan. Ginny llttD‘Jt. [linen Park. Mark Wt. tut.
Chautlotir' .ir-t- Orlariski

Photography

:‘ytrrrptrr-ti principally by Universrty Photo Servrcc. a .tuaerrr group

Ctttnt Photographer: Dave Asher. UPS Stall: Chuck Ur’ltmlvltt. Alan Ca‘. tn.
Artty (‘rrtrrv-t Sh iy Com-rt, David Hanson. Michele r’vetrhartt, Hilary Limo. Ed
Matti .~.rt It i t.rtl.tlrorrl. Alan Mantle. Susan Etarno Mtrrdinh. David Rivera.
[tort Eirrtrrnt tr-. trrtia Sperpr-I, Sorta Storrtkarittr. Watrhn Stunt. Jtrn Valentino
Motl‘y‘ V‘JItit .ttt t’lrlr Ytittttalt

 

Errtrrtr contents copyright 1982 Albany Student Plus Corporation.
lrvt- Allin'v. 'iltitlt‘lll Pross is published trrrsrrays and t‘rrdays balm-m
Artt’pr-J tlllll June by the Albany Slutlttm Press Corporation. an independent
tttrl tar r-rutri imputation
t ‘t in n- ..w ‘sttttt'rt by the Edrtor III l‘lltr-l with rtrottlltntn oi the Editorial
:artrrart to tuvrrrw by thr‘ i’rtitrtrrar tlvvatti lsdvetlrsrng policy
..ttiiy rettect editorial policy
Mailing address
Albany Student Press. Ct: Llrtl
1400 Wualtltlultrtt Ave
Albany. NV I2222

  

tm Iltl ram. ,
does not ru-r ....

 

(5‘8) 457-8892I3322I3380

. 'v “as. u .-

.....Qﬁ, ....

 .. ._ an..- mW-v

