   

 

The Green Machine:

First Your I. D. and
Th 9” You r M on 9y .was?3:53:15::tftzzsz'zzizsts‘ss

Scott Wexler

Dennis Stevens says that it has always
been a policy of the University buses to re-
quest lD‘s. When was the last time you
were requested to show your ID on a bus?
How often have you needed your ID only to
discover it‘s at home with the book you
forgot to bring to campus? When did you
ever see Dennis Stevens' Plant Department
act for the benefit of students?

Attention, SUNYA community —- the
administration is trying to pull the wool
over our eyes. The plan to require students
to show their lD's upon entrance of the
SUNYA buses beginning on Monday, May

3rd is the first and most important step.

towards implementing of a fee to ride the
buses. It's very complicated and sneaky but
here's how it works;

For the past several years the administra-
tion has been discussing the possibility of
imposing a bus l'cc. Each time the topic has
arisen. students have responded over-
whelmingly opposed to such a fee. One of
our major strengths in these past discus-
sions has been the claim (which we
demonstrated by a protest action four years
ago) that forcing every student to show ID
in order to ride the buses will slow down the
runs and throw off bus schedules. We
basically have claimed that such a proposal
is unenforceable. Using such arguments we
have prevented the imposition of a bus fee.
This spring the discussion of a bus fee was
regenerated. Student reaction caused John

Hartigan to term a bus fee as a
"tion-issue."

Mr. Stevens' plan to implement it)
checks is an attempt to “train” students
and bus drivers to ninkc this part of their
routine. His purpose is to derail the major
argument opposed to a fee so that next
semester he can have his way and he can
raise the necessary monies from the
students. if he can convince the students
and bus drivers to behave as robots. then
they'll stand'still while he slips in a bus fee
next fall.

But such a policy on requiring lD‘s to
ride the buses has shown enough liaws in
and of itself to suggest we should abandon
the proposal. Firstly, enforcement of such a
policy continues to be. as it has been for
four years. unlikely if not impossible. How
does Dennis Stevens think that the bus
drivers will deal with individuals who don't
show lD's? Will they have to call Public
Safety to have them removed for trespass-

ing? Mcg Beldo. one of his assistants. says
that the proposal will rely on peer pressure
for enforcement. I can see it now. 75
students on a bus telling one individual
loaded wiih books. whose calculator is full-
ing to the ground, that he can't get on the
bus to go to campus. What will more titan
likely happen is that most students will have
their lD's and will show them. This will
become routine for riders as well as drivers.
I emphasize routine because after awhile
most drivers will probably become so ttsed
to seeing a sea of lD cards that their check-
ing for lD's will becotnc second nature.
This will breed a sense of alool‘ncss, such its
one l‘m sure we've all experienced while
performing a required task that you need
not use your brain for. Eventually, students
will be able to easily board the bttscs
without lD's because the drivers will be us-
ing their judgement -— determining which
individuals to allow on the bus without lD.
That is ltow we got the system we now use.
It is up to the judgement of the bus driver.
in dtte time checking for lD‘s will be old
hat.

 

 

Ms. lleido also claims that there are non
University people parking their cars on the
uptown campus and then taking the buses
to their jobs in the downtown district. Who
is site kidding? I‘ve never heard about
hoards of local businesspeople cramming
the buses to go downtown. She claims that
they're taking up a spot for someone. Plant
Administration has a poor idea of the pro-
blems with the bus service if they think that
students are upset with the overcrowded
buses heading downtown in the morning.
it‘s the buses heading to the uptown cam-
pus that havc students packed in like sar-
dines aftcr waiting for an hour to get on a
bus. The clear solution to the problem of
overcrowded buses is not removing the few
community members who might ride out
buses. We need more bus runs in order to
serve the demands of the students. it's not
that easy to provide, but that is the solu-

\

 

Jig

i
.
l
L _ M. ,.

 

tlon. Tuesday‘s (April 27) front page story
of the ASP should have been Dennis
Stevens' proposal to improve btts service.
That would be something “for the benefit
of the students."

Plant Administration has provided a

porary lD's during operating hourS- The“
hours are 9:30 em. to “:30 a.m. and l
pm. to 3 pm. — ltow cottvenientl On
weekends passes will be available at the in-
formation desk. You havc to be able to get
to catnpus in order to obtain a pass. You
can‘t do that if you haven't got an ID to
begin with.

I also question the intelligence of Dennis
Stevens to implement this proposal at this
time of the year. Ms. Beido says it "seemed
a good time. there are three weeks left to
try and case it in." To me it‘s the worst time
of the year. The next three weeks are the
craziest. most difficult time for students. In
the middle of preparing for finals students
need not deal with "learning a new
system." If he wants to introdttce it. why
not wait until September when things are
more laid back. What's the deal Dennis?

Finally, let me tie all of this in with my
opening discussion of a bus l'ce. How does
Plant Administration benefit by this new
policy? Will it generate needed revenue to
resolve the fiscal crisis Plant Administra-
tion is experiencing? Will it make the bus
service more efficient or more cost effec-
tive? i think not. it will be a cumbersome
policy that will complicate an already dif-
ficult job for our drivers. Stevens has no
otltcr motive titan to set up for the unveiling
of a bus fee. probably sometime tiext fall.

I believe that we cannot allow this policy
to be implemented on Monday. We must
show Stevens that we see through his ploy
and will not sit back idly while he out—
maneuvcrs us. His proposal makes no sense
and does not resolve the problems he is
looking to solve. We should refuse to
display lD's Monday and demonstrate that
this plan cannot be enforced. We must put
pressure on Stevens and force him to

negotiate with students rather than prcsen- -

ting a proposal without first discussing it
with students. He wouldn’t even come to an
open forum on the bus fee —- that’s how
cooperative he has been.

Please join us. Participate in this action
on behalf of students. Wear a green arm-
band to show disapproval of the new plan
and refuse to show your lD. The incidents
he cites are rare. Bus drivers should use
their judgement as they presently do.
Maybe more frequent checks for lD's
should be made at night or at bus stops
where non-students might be a problem.
This is fine, but don't impose a system that
cannot work. Don’t play games with US. We
don‘t deserve it.

 

 

was Like we 
gm Collage Prune Service

 

     

 

"m Tattms‘tA, Hue seen TURKEY
so i KNOW rr DOESN’T ‘cotte lN

 

 

©t‘lﬂ Ll-lztev—

Couooe Pre- Sonic.

  

 

 

 

 

. tells-w its

 
 
 
 

 

 

Don’t Stop

To the Editor:

II pleases me to no end that a group of in-
dividuals on our campus has actively come
out against racism, namely the First World
Coalition. Theirs is a noble quest.

1 must admonish them not to be myopic
in their task. Racism abounds the world
over, thus by definition, on our campus as
well. One must be introspective before one
can examine and challenge others. These
moments of introspection and challenge
should be times of careful planning and
restraint. When the coalition's agenda
cycles to read ASUBA'S “KnUdigit” l catt-
tion them to be diplomatic in their pursuit.
First, go to those responsible (i.e. the
editors) for this SA funded publication
which in the past has printed racism and
hate, Try to convince them to radically
change their format. if this fails they sltould
take their grievances to those pcOple on
campus who seek the aberration of racism.
who unfortunately are a minority.

—— Thomas C. Gallagher

 

Care From Zaire

To the Editor:

An alumnus of this university, Michele
Israel. is currently doing volunteer work
with the Peace Corps in Zaire. in her last
letter were several notes frotn her English
students, wishing to have American pen-
pals. Their English is fairly good. many of
them are planning to take their state
boards. and they would like ttot only the
practice in our language. but to learn a bit
more about American ideals and our
culture. The mails are slow — our letters
usually get in. but theirs don't always make
their way out. So, if anyone wishes to
answer the following notes, please do. the
students will appreciate it.

>For me, I want only to have your ad-
dress, because I desire a correspondent to
write same letters to . It is an occasion for‘
me to have an American student who will
write and tell me the news in America. I '/I
be very cheerful if I receive a letter from
you. Your hopeful friend,

0. Bandua-Mbomby, MBUA School. B.P.
53. Aketi-Haut Zaire, Zaire. Central Africa
>Today is a good opportunity to write
to you this short note. I'm a young man of
Zaire and I want to exchange ideas with
foreign people. That 's the reason why I ask
your address, to correspond with you. So
long — Yours,
Ngbangalombe-Botay, Institute MBU/t,
B.P. 53. Aketi-Haut Zaire, Zaire, Central
Africa

>According to my studies, I ’m in 6th
form secondary. I'm preparing for my state
exams in June 1982. I would like to corres-
pond willt you. Finally, do tell me about
your studying in the US and the American
Government. I will be glad if I receive a let—
ter from you. Bye!

Kalonda-Ndongo, Institut Tokende. B. P.
53, AkeIi-Haute Zaire, Zaire, Central
Africa

ln,addition. if anyone would like the
names of more interested African students,
you may write to Michele at the last address
above.

 

—- L. Lekakls

Down With Towne

To the Editor:

After reading Mark Rossier’s review of
Personal Best in the (April 23) ASP, 1 find
ll nearly impossible to believe that we vicw-
ed the same movie. Rossier’s commend-
mcnt of Robert Towne (writer. producer.
and director) as being “full of nothing but
resDcct for the women he shows" becomes
ludicrous when Towne's treatment of
women is considered objectively. The
fiSP’s respect for women is likewise ques-
tionable, not only because of printing the
' ‘lf but due to the caption beneath A

 

   

“.n

 

 

Wit 

   
        
    
     
     
     
     
      
     
     
       
    

 

    
    
     
     
     
     
     
    
 
    
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
    
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
      
       
    

 

   
   

 

   

11'? .
vvrvuirvr. .~.'-.-. 

  

 

