 

 

 

Wort  'Cavpsules

 

 

Inmate Withholds Files

POUGHKEEPSIE. New York (AP) Prosecutors Thurs-

day charged that inmate Lemuel Smith is conspiring with

his former lawyers to withhold important information
from the accused prison guard slayer's new attorney.
Smith. 40. charged with tlte May 1980 murder of

Green Haven prison guard Donna Payant. hrts steadfastly
refused to cooperate with the prrblic defenders who were

assigned to his defense in March. He has also intsrueted
his former attorneys. led by civil rights activist William
Kunstlcr. not to turn over their files to the public
defender. —

"He has ordered us not to turn over atiytliing to the
pttblic defender. whorrr he does not trust and does not
want involved in aity way in this case." Kunstlcr said
Thursday.

“Under those instructions. 1 will never surrender this
file." he said.

Carey Orders Hearings

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) Gov. lliigh Carey ordered a
special state investigation Thtrrsday into “corruption in
the building and construction industry in New York
state."

A statement from the governor‘s office said that the
Temporary State Commission of ltrvcstigation will con-
duct an investigation and public hearings to see what
place "crime and racketeering" has in New York's cori-
struction industry.

Carey's counsel John McGoldrick said in a letter direc-

ting the SIC to start the probe that a recent series of ar-
ticles in the New York Times on construction fraud has

had the “salutory effect of focusing ptrblic attention" on

troubles in the construction industry.

New York City Mayor Edward Koch had called for
Carey to name a special prosecutor to intestigate the
building industry following the first of the Times articles
late last month.

China Increases Defenses

PEKING, China (AP) China has raised its defense
budget for 1982 by the equivalent of $944 million to $9.9
billion. reversing a two-year spending decline, the official
newspaper People‘s Daily reported Thursday.

“The increase is necessary for the speedy moderniza-
tion of the Chinese army.“ the newspaper quoted
Minister of Finance Wang Bingqia as saying.

The nation's 4.5 million-man army. the world‘s largest.
lacks modern technology and weapons. Many Chinese ar~
maments date back to before the l950s. and some units
still ride on horseback.

The announcement of defense-spending increases coin-
Cided with the visit of Vice President George Bush. but
there was no indication that he would discuss China‘s
military needs with Chinese leaders.

No-Nuke Bill Introduced

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) Sen. Gary Hart. D-Colo..
and Rep. Richard L. Ottinger. D-N.Y.. introduced on
Thursday legislation aimed at toughening US. nuclear
nonproliferation policy.

“If we do not come to grips with our nonproliferation
policy. soon. we will sow the seeds of otir own
destruction-not at the hands of the Soviet Union. but by
an irresponsible nation or terrorist group." Hart said.

Americans should not be distracted from “the deadly
and increasing dangers of worldwide nuclear prolifera-
tion." by debates over U.S.-Soviei arms control talks,
Hart said.

The identical bills. introduced by Hart and Ottinger. of

Mamaroneck. would prohibit the export of sensitive
nuclear technology and materials which would enable the
recipient country to fabricate a nuclear weapon.

Moonies Won’t Be Taxed

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) The Rev. Sun Myung Moon's
Uniﬁcation Church must be treated as a “religious”

organization for property tax purposes. New York state’s

highest court ruled Thursday.
in a decision which could mean millions of dollars to
the controversial "Moonics." the Court of Appeals said

that the “primary purpose" of the church is "religious."
The seven judges ruled unanimously that it is not up to

courts to “indulge” in rating the value of a religious
organizational beliefs, just so long as it is not “insincere
or sham."

“Much” of the “doctrine. dogmas and teachings and
signiﬁcant part" of other church-sponsored activities
"are religious," the court said in a decision written by
Judge Hugh Jones. a high lay official for the Episcopal

 

 

 

 

Pictures at an Exhibition

 
    
   
   

 
   
  
 
 
   
 

“ET-4L5,

wart 

Q i"- 3"   ’5’
Ra

'1 ,

  

Louise chclson. interrrationally-known sculptor. and
photographer Diana MucKown will- be the guests of
honor at a reception oit May 12, front 5-8 ptii at the
Albany lrtstitutc of History arid Art. ltostcd by the
Albany League of Arts.

The reception willcelcbratethc opening of the exhibi-
tion: "Geometry 8t Magic._" photographs of Louise

.Nevclson by Diana MacKown. The show is being co-

sponsored by the lnstitute and the league.

The exhibition fcatnrcs photographs taken in the last
few years. showing chclson at work in her studio and
in her travels last summer to Palcnquc, Ucateri and Us
rnal. '

The exhibition will run through May 30 at the ln-
stitute. which is located at 125 Washington Avenue in
Albany. (iallcry hours are Tuesday-Saturday It) am-4:45
pm and Sunday 2-5 pm.

The May 12 reception is a benefit for the Albany
League of Arts. A donation of $12.50 per person is re‘
quested. Those contributing $25 at the door will also
receive it copy of MacKown’s book on chclson. $50
donors will receive the book plus a very special gift.

Tickets are on stile at all branches of the League's
Coiririrurrity liox Office. For further information. call
the Albany League of Arts at 449-5830.

In and Out of Season

 

DR. Daniel chinson, author of The Season: of a
Man '5 Life, will present a workshop named “Seasons of
Adult Life“ on Monday. May 10. 1982 between 9:00 am
and 4:30 in the Kraft auditorium iii the Capital District
Psychiatric Center. 75 New Scotland Avenue. in
downtown Albany.

The workshop will include Dr. Levinson‘s views on
the life cycle and adult psychosocial development,
focusing on the developmental periods between 17 and
65. Even though his book is on the lives of men. Dr.
chinson will deal with both genders in his workshop.

Advanced registration will be $30. and full-time
students can attend for $10. A late registration fee of
$10 will be charged to those who register at the door. so
register early. For information please call Richard Ed-
wards. (‘ontinuing Education at 455-6236.

Come and Get Your Bucks

The Financial Aids Office announces that all students
must file Student Eligibility Reports so that BEOG
awards may be given. A valid Student Eligibility Report
must be submitted to the Financial Aids Office by 4 pm.
Friday May 2i.

The Office also encourages students to submit forms
for next year as soon as possible so that the grants may
be disbursed earlier. Warning: BEOG grants are
undergoing a change of name to PELL grants. so don‘t
be alarmed when you see a different name for the same
form. All Financial Aids Forms may be r3 :l.ed up from
and submitted to the Financial Aids Office.

Church in central New York.

The case involved attempts to get religious property tax
exemptions on three pieces of church-owned land in New
York City-including the organisation's national head-
quarters in Manhattan.

Bottle Bill Meets Foes

ALBANY. NY. (AP) Opponents of New York's “bottle
bill" admitted Thursday that it. was unrealistic to expect
current tax dollars to fund their alternative Total Litter
Control program and propOsed a S-eent per case tax on
beverages.

Campus ,Bniefs

 

 

Native Americans Meet

Native American statesmen and spiritual leaders will
gather at the Troy Holiday litn May 15 and to to hth! .,
two day meeting with Phillip Deere. a spiritual leader
and medicine man of the Miro-ko-kc.

The Native American Awareness Gathering will host ii
weekend of public workshops and exhibits on a rttttgc (ll
Native American topics. The displays and lectures in
eltrdc titles such as “Land Claims." “Nuclear Milling.“
and "The Roll oantivc Anterican Women." There will
be admission fees of two dollars per workshop.

Deere will address the gathering at a bairquct on
Saturday May 15 at 7:30 pm. The banquet is open to iii.-
public by reservation for $10. The whole gathering r-
available for $20. To reserve a place or for further inl‘or
mation contact Hank Hazlcton at 658-3055 or Dcnv.
Tarnourcux at 472-9760.

Rally Around the Capitol

 

Boycott Ne'stles Foods! This chant will be heard on
the back steps of the New York State Capitol. noon
Wednesday. May 1‘) to mark the first anniversary of tire
World Health Organization's (WHO) passage of a code
to limit the marketing of infant formula in countries
around the world. The protestors will call on Nestle to
live up to its recent promise to abide by tile code.

The rally. sponsored by the Capital District Infant
Formula Action Coalition (INFACT). will include
speakers from the local unions. social action groups and
clrgy.

For rrrorc information please contact Capital District
INFACT. 39 Philip Street. Albany. NY. l2207 or call
(518) 463-44l i.

We Have One More Question

Don't be nervous it’s only an interview. The Depart»
tncnt of Counseling Psychology and Student Develop-
ment will be holding a two hour workshop to assist
seniors preparing to enter the job market and ltclp
them through the interview process.

The best part is yet to come. Students participating in
the workshop will be paid four dollars.

To get involved in this workshop. call Assistant Pro-
fessor of Counseling Psychology and Student Develop-
ment Kevin Keller at 457-8224 Monday thrti Friday. ii
am to 5 pm. Time and location will be decided as
students enroll.

It’s Time To Party Down

 

d Senior Week continues with di’ink specials! On Mon-
ay May 10, Washington Tavern presents 70 cent drinks
and pitcher specials.
Spccrals start at 9:00 pm. Gentlemen, start your
hamstersl

 

    

The new tax would be paid by beer and soda
wholesalers and would be used to fund recycling efforts
and litter patrols made tip of youths. the ttttcntplOYUd
and the poor.

supponc’s 0’ lCtlislation to require a nickel deposit on
all cans and bottles of soda and beer, appeared to
welcome the change in their opponent's strategy.

The ﬁlm: beverage industry that was so concerned abut
protecting consumers from the bottle bill, now is quite
willmg m m" “mum's 10 Pay for a program they know
w'" "m work.” said Bernard Melewski. executive direc-
tor of the Environmental Planning Lobby.

 

   

l

 

 

.

 

ECCA ttempts to Work  Butl'gett‘test‘t‘tliii~

Communications in Big Demand

lly MIKE RALFF

If you've ever used a film projec-
tor, slide carousel. been filmed on
video tape. or seen a videotape for a
class. chances are that you‘ve come
into contact with the Educational
Communications Center. Located
in the depths beneath the Lecture
Center and the Library, the ECC
provides a myriad of services to the
University and the University Com-
munity. 7

Director of Administrative Ser-
vices Roy Elk explained the func-
tion of the ECC. “You name it.
we'll do it. We put together pam-
phlets for university activities. we
produce videotapes for various
classes. we repair and deliver audio-
visual cquipment and we even ship
and receive matcrials from the
United Parcel Service.

Elk believes that SUNYA's ECC
is unique in that it provides so many
services. "If you go to some other
universities." he said. “you might
see their equivalents of ECC ab-
sorbed by the library. the film
department or some other depart-
tnerit. Here, we have a thriving and
cxpartditig ECC. Evert with infla-
tion and btidgct cuts we're’still try-
ing new methods and apparatus."

Graphics/Photo Director
Stephen Shapiro is tryirtg to get by
with less also. "There is a definite

Students

lly KEN GORDON and KATHY
KWIA'I'OWSKI '

 

How many times have you pres
registered for a course to find out
later that what you thronght wound
be an historical examination of
socialism is really a seminar in
teaching the workers of the world to
unite; or what you thought would
be an analytic approach to
marketing and
management really
ends tip being a pro-
fessor's reflection
on his career as a
stiles representative?

A rcccttt SUNYA survey revealed

SUNY Budget

>conlintterlfrom front page

by Carey‘s veto were Mass transit.
local aid, school aid. and urban
development.

According to Glaser. the priority
issues that the legislature will trow
deal with are local assistance and
mass transit. not higher education.
“Everything else is secondary,” he
said.

Not only are individual programs
being jeopardized. but. according
to Glaser, the entire budget process
has been seriously damaged by
these actions.

“Last‘ week everyone thought
that the vetos would be overridden.
1 think the legislature was as sur-
prised as any of us at what did hap-
pen," said Glaser. “The process
has been dragged out so long that
there has been serious damage to
the fibers of the process."

The only certain thing now is that
the state finally has a budget. and

News
Analysis

state controller Ned Regan can -

begin his spring borrowing. but as
to what effects the _cuts will have on

the state and on SU’l‘LY‘lin 
c .

ticular. only time willt

 

shrinkage ofereativity around here.
We lost a photographer last year
and we‘ve been trying to replace
him brrt to no avail. When yoti have
to layout pamphlets. flyers add
workbooks you need some creative
talent."

Shapiro's office also handles still
photography for university promo-
tion. and graphics for videotapes
and films. "We work on orders
from the university staff and facul-
ty, so we're working all the time.
But we're way understaffed. so We
have to cttt back a lot on services.
We don‘t even have an in-housc
color processor for film."

With this cut back in services.
Graphics/Photo will be doing more
basic and less sOphisticatcd projects
in the future: “We plan to do a lot
more graphing. statistical data and
maps and charts." Shapiro said.
“Hopefully we're going to get a
plotting machine to assist us in
making cheaper faster graphics arid
charts."

Shapiro has been with the depart-
ment only since last July. so he has
a lot of planning to do for the
future.

Supervisor of Audio-Visual
David Long hits been in his job for
fifteen years. and he has seen sortie
suprising trends in the rise of AV

Calling CourseDescriptions Misleading

that 52 percent of all students cs-
pcricncc difficulty with misleading
or irrncctrratc cotrrsc descriptions
which appear in the Undergraduate
Bulletin. The survey also showed
that 96 percent of tire students
surveyed indicated interest is seeing
departments issue supplementary
‘ course descriptions for catch
semester.

The survey was conducted by a
group of five RCO 204 students in
which 200 students were randomly
sampled.

Several departments in the
university already issue supplements
because of the inadequcy of the
Undergraduate Bulletin. and

 

 

materials.

“In the 1980-81 school year
about 25,000 pieces of equipment
were used by 360 different faculty
members in 50 different depart-
ments. so we‘re seeing a dramatic
rise in the use of AV materials
especially video cameras and
videotape machines. We are staffed

by two full time employees. myself.

and nearly 60 student assistants and
work study workers. so we're very
busy: Sometime in the future we
hope to get a computer system to
catalogue. do inventory and keep
track" of the massive amount of
machinery we use."

Elk sees this trend also: “We plan
to increase involvcittent with the
Computer Center to ptit in a whole
informatiotis system in the ECC. it
will make our jobs that ninch more
efficient and easier.

Meanwhile. Long is just trying to
keep tip with the demand for AV
equipment with the existing system.
"Everyone from Biology through
Chemistry to English and Rhetoric
and Communications uses AV
equipment in sortie way or another.
and 1 just hope we cart serve all of
thcrri efficiently."

For next year. Long hopes to get
at least a replacement of every type
of machine he has so he can help to
serve the nttivcrsily bettcr.

Another fncct of ECC that
students see a lot of is the videotap-
ing and video playback. Locatcd

surveyors discovered an interest iii a
couple more departments (tnrisic
arid linguistics) to begin working on
course description supplements.
According to tire survey. the major
problem with course descriptions
now is that they do not give enough
information for the student to

'tlctcrminc exactly what type of

course he will be taking. This leads
to unnecessary alterations iii the
student's schedule dttring the
drop/add period.

According to SUNYA's Dean of
Undergraduate Studies Leonard
Lapinski. a complete revision of the
current course dcscriptiotis is not
l'eusiblc.

 

 

Airlines-Steamships-Railroads-
Business & Pleasure Trips
Carl Mitchell ’4!
36 .years in Travel
. CURRIER maven.

155 Wolf lld.
458-7793

 

 

londay, May 12 at

12:30 in CC 375 to

approve budget

 

.._ V...  i. 7 “mm .

‘ALBANY STUDENT PRESS.MAY 7.'1982 - ' - - ='- «1

At work in the ECC

  

phntu: mu Nansen/UPS

"Even with inflation and budget crux we ‘re slill Irying new arparams "

near the lzCC main office. the
Technical Operations Center has a
batik of video monitors. video tape
recorders arid video tape machines.
Technical Operations Manager
Chuck LaMall‘a said. “We‘ve got
work enough for three rriore people.
at least."
“ said. “the Television Opera-
iiorrs part of ISCC is the most visual
and apparent purl. It's also the
most crctttic and misunderstood.
We don't offer any courses in video
engineering we jtrst take care of re-

 

Thcrc are at least 500,000
bulletins printed annually and each
L'Ulll‘sc‘ description may be up'to 50
words. said Lapinski. The cost of
revising all thoc descriptions is
simply prohibitive. he said.

quests for the studios. Classes do
come down here and use the video
equipment often. Theatre classes.
Hebrew classes, Chemistry classes
and a whole host of others use our
studios. but we don't teach people
how to rise them. We are just the
service branch of the university.“

Elk sees the job of the ECG
enlarging in the next few years
because the increasing rise of corn-
putcrs. the increased demand for
AV services. and increased demand
for photography and graphics.

.ci.yu.

Lapinski did indicate howcv‘er.
that President O'Leary has
established course revisions as an
important item in the University’s
Programs and Priorities for tire
coming years.

 

 

 

ALBANY THEATRE PROJECT
PRESENTS

HAROLD PINTER‘S

BETRAYAL

  

SUNYA Am'lheater
Mays momaeooim , ..

$4.00 Gwen] Mmluim
$100 Sundae: a SaCltluns

Tickets Avlillbte At Community Box Ofrlct:

nurtu-rum-munan».numuuymmnrmhwmumuma-mummswmn

BIND/EMS.“

 

i t.‘i'3.‘i:iii.-

 

 

 

... c . ~ .mLIitnﬂa’Nﬁgﬂmmmé—mhrx“-* -~

 

 

