  
     

w-ﬁw‘. 2
. “.7 ,~. :pu‘

-__.M.rm~..-._-Mm~ s»

  

“.—

 

 

' dc

    
 
  

 

 

    

 

h

won ld ‘ Capsules

 

 

 

Assembly Speaker Named

SAN SALVADOR. El SalvadortAP) Four rightist parties
banded together Thursday nlgltt and elected former army
' Maj. R0bcrl0‘d'AllbtliSSOl’t speaker of tire new consti-
tttent assembly. ‘
D'Aubuisson. a far rightist. was elected by a 35-22.
vote on the first day tlte constitttcttl assembly ntct. Titerc
 were three abstentiorts. lrtelttditrg otrc frortt d‘Aubuisson.
who told reporters he did not rum to vote for himself.
The 60 tttentbcrs of tire assembly were elected March
28. They ttrc empowered to rewrite the constitution.
nartte a provisional government and arrange for a general
electiott. probably irt I983.
There are several indications Thursday that Dr. Alvaro
'Magana. itead of the government mortgage bank. ntay be
chosen as El Salvador's provisional president.

Russian Problems Cited

MOSCOW. USSR (AP) TIte Soviet Union likes to tell the
world that it hits no utternpioytncnt. little irritation. artd is
immune to the shocks and crises of Western Business
cycles. That may be. but despite its immense natural
rescources. the Soviet Union has serious ecottotrtic
troubles of its own. and the ntost intractable ottcs scent
built into the system.

There are signs the Soviet economy rttay be losing rttore
steam at a time when the average Soviet citrlz-rn still earns
far less. has fewer consrrrncr goods. lives in smaller
quarters and eats a less balanced diet titan Iris counter»
part iii the West.

(irowth irt indtrstrial otttput was 3.4 percettt itt Witt.
according to Soviet figures. dovvtr from 3.6 irt the
previous year, and below tltc planned increaved ot 4.t
percent.

Reagan , Brezhnev to Meet

WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) President Reagan will ac-
cept the informal invitation by Societ President Leonid l.
Brezhnev to meet witlt hint in the autumn. adtttirtisttatiott
ofﬁcials said today.

While no site has been set. they stud tltcrc has been
talk in the White House about possibly ltoldirtg the
meeting in Austria.

Presidential spokesman Larry Speakes. asked about a
published report that Reagan would meet Brezhnev itt the
fall as the Soviet leader has proposed reiterated earlier
statements that Reagan would consider a meeting “at the
appropriate time; after proper preparations have been
made and when there is some likelihood for “positive
results."

Speakes said Reagan still hopes Brezhnev will attertd
the United Nations in .lune and that the two leaders
could meet them.

The Washington Post reported in today‘s editions that
Reagan has decided to accept Brezltnev's offer to itoid a
summit meeting in a third country. probably Austria or
Ireland. in October. '

Speakes said he would not comment on diplomatic ,
ciscussions as a matter of policy but noted that last time
U.S. officials met wih Dobrynin was several weeks ago.

Brezhnev extended his informal invitation on April l7.
as a counter to Reagan's proposal that the two men meet
in New York In June.

The Post said Reagan is expected to convey his inten-
tion to go ahcdad with the summit during his discussions

in Europe next month with Western European leaders.

British Sink Enemy Boat

FALKLAND ISLANDS(AP) British misslelfiring
helicopters sank one Argentine partol boat and damaged
another in a clash inside the war zone Britain imposed
around the Falkland Islands. the British Defense Ministry
announced today.

The reported sinking catnc a few hours after a British
submarine datnaged Argentina's only crrtiser irt a to. pedo
attack outside the tvar zone.

The ministry also announced it was requisitioning the ._
luxury liner Queen lilirabetb 2, two more cargo ferries
and a container .titip to take 3,000 troops. helicopters and
other war cqtriptttettt to the Falklands. bolstering the
(to-Loris ship British armada already lurking off the
islands,

The additional strips. which must make an 8.(X)0-ntiie.
three-week voyage to reach the i‘alkalnds. were further

--v»-mxwmsmmwamtawag ., , v

 

 

Silil it“"\.\l.:EElii" il'flfl"'.3 ’Irrif/v
SeniorLoans Due

Attention Seniors! If you are graduating this May and
have ever received a National Direct Sttrdent Loan
(NDSL) front SUNY Albany. you must come to the 9f-
fice of Student Accounts to complete an Exit lntervtcw
Form. Congratulations!

Breathe, Breathe in the Air

May itas been proclaimed “Clean Air Month" itt New
York State by Governor Hugh Carey. '

Clean Air Month 1982. sponsored by the Antcrreatr
Lung Association of New 'York State is part oI-tbe
organization‘s year-round effort to fight arr pollttttott.
Air polltrtiott is a health hazard which luts hardest at the
lungs. ‘ I
For tttorc information on the health effects ol arr
pollution. the Clean Air Act or clean indoor air. contact
the American Lutrg Association of New York State. 8
Mountain Avenue. Albany. NY i2205 or phone
459-4197.

I Could Study All Night

 

Due to a SUNY-wide hiring freeze in existence since
February. the University Libraries have been rtrtablc to
hire the necessary additional student assistants or to ex-
tend the appointments of students assigned frotn the
College Work Study Program to handle tltc end-of-tlre
semester crush. An execptiort to this freeze has been re-
quested.

The University Libraries will rttakc every effort to re-
tttaitt open the originally scheduled hours. (The Main
Library will be open until 2:00 a.tn. May 7~IB; following
past practice. the Reserve Rootn and the Learning
Resources Center will be open until tnidrright those
dates.) However. sottte long lines at service desks may
occur and sotttc changes itt our hours of opening may be
unavoidable because of inadequate stalling. Your
understanding and patienc- are requested.

University administration will also provide study
space in Lecture Center 19 from May 8 to May l8 dttring
the hours of 8:00 a.tn. to 3:00 a.m.. and the dining halls
will be open all night from May 9 to May 19.

indications Britain seized April 2.

A ministry communique said. “two artncd Argentine
patrol craft-type naval auxiliaries." initiated the latest
shootout around midnight Sunday in the Falklands ll
pm. EDT when they "fired on a Royal Navy Sea King
helicopter front HMS Hermes. “the carricr~iiagship of
the British fleet.

Police Run Ad for Death

ALBANY, N.Y..(AP) In an unusual move to bring back
the death penalty. the New York City police officer’s
union,is buying television time in the Albany area in
order to reach just a few state legislators.

The city Patrolman's Benevolent Association is in the
middle of a five-week TV advertising campaign aimed
directly at the dozen or so legislators “who are not total-
ly committed to a 'no'vote" on capital punishment. ac-
cording to union spokesman Marty Steadman.

“it‘s very simple — we think we are only a couple of
votes short of an overrride of an expected gubernatorial
veto artd we're going to do that we can to get those
votes" said Steadntan, whose union represents 20,000 city
police officers.

The 30-sccond ad has been rttrt by two Albany-area
stations on Mondays. Tuesdays. Wednesdays and
Thursdays - to rttakc the odds better that lawmakers in
town for the week's leggislativc session will havewlitheir
sets on.

U.S., Jordan Agree on Sale

WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) The Reagan administration

has reached agreement with Jordan on the sale of F-SG
fighter planes and Stinger anil-

aircraft ntissles. sources

 

ﬂ

C'AMpus BRiEfs

 

 

 

\

Summer is for the Birds

 

 

A scholarship program for high school, college illltl i

- graduate school students has been announced by thc Ni. l

tiortal Audubon Society Expedition Institute. tltc turn ‘
scholarships are designed to defray a Sltttit‘ttl's cvpertvev 
witile attending seitool. or for a project or summer ptu. .
grant of the student‘s choice.

Application fornts and instructions are available lttllll
August 15. 1982 by scndittg a self addresed starttpctt ttltr
envelope ‘to: Scholarship Committee. National
Audubon Society Expedition Institute. RI-‘D til, ltttv
149B. Lttbec. Maine 04652. For furtitcr inforrrratinn
contact Mike Cohen at (2l2)546-9t26.

Demonstrate at the Club Z

 

A demonstration will he held at Albany’s l‘ort (trartgc
Club May 6 to protest the exclusion of vvorrtctt from tltiv
Club and from the nearby Urtivcrsity Club.

The demonstration, sponsored by the Equality t orrli-
tion, Albany's Citizen's Party. and others will lttkc pittcr‘
Thursday, May 6 at 12 noon at tltc Fort ()t‘ttttye ('lub
(near corner of Washington and South vattrt
downtown). The University Clrrb will be voting whether
or not to admit women to their Cltrb on that day.

Since public and private decision-ranking is made at
the Club. the coalition feels that women sltortld be irr-
cluded. For ntore information call 434-6810, 455-2'187ut
785-4692.

 

said today.

The sale is to be submitted to Congress after the
Novetnber election, aid the source. who requested
anonymity. Under law. Congress can block the sale.
which is certain to run into Israeli objections.

A U.S. delegation headed by Francis J. West. assivtrrrrt

 

secretary of defense for intcrnatinal security affairs. (II‘
ranged the sale in Amman late last week. sources said.

Jordan was turned down. however, in its request for
two squadrons of F-16 jet fighters and l-I~lawk titts’siit‘t.

According to the sources. State Department officials
wanted to condition the deal for the F-SGs and Stinger
missles on Jordan's participation in negotiations hetwccn
[steal and Egypt. but the Pentagon vetoed the recom-
mendation.

Sea Law Lacks Support

UNITED NATIONS(AP) The international law of '“L‘
Sea treaty. finally approved by the United Nations. fters
an uncertain futttrc because the major industrialized rttr~
tions are not backing it.

U.S. Ambassador James. I. Malotte sir)" m“ (“mud
States still might endorse such a treaty if r'\”“"'“‘ym,“'"n.
ditions on deep-seabed mining. in which trilliotr- l"
dollars may be ittvolvcd. are met before the rrcwh'
adopted pact is signed.

The Soviets and their Iiast Bloc allies ithslztittcti wilt”
the sea law treaty was adopted by a vote of lit) 4. “‘1”
l7 absententiorts. r

Britain. Belgium, the Netherlands. lrla)’ W" “N W
tuany — all irrvlovcd irt sealtcd mining C(lllvllltil 'tlllt tlrr‘l
United Stated ~ were among those absrrtirrirn' in ""d‘” ‘
voting. Israel. Turkey attd Venc/ucla itiil‘f“ m"
Americans itr voting against the treaty.

  

 

 

 

  

.n..u.u.

 

 

 

Construction Timing is Questioned

___.—.R_b._
By JERRY CAMPIONE
M

A new iteatittg system being in-
stalled on Alumni Quad‘s Pierce
Hall has raised questions concern-
ing the Plant Department's policies.

Students are questioning why the
work is beginning now with the end
of the sentcstcr only two weeks
away. atrd witetbcr or trot the
workers should have pass keys to
the roorrts.

I’Iattt Department Adtttittistrator
Charles Esteys said the work is be-
ing started now so that it will be
done by the fall.

“We are hopeful that it will be
done by September." said Izstcys.
“We've (the Plant Department)
agreed titnl it must be totally dotrc
by January. bttl I‘m sure it will be
dottc much sooner."

listeys said the controversy over
gaining access to students‘ rooms
was discussed with the Office of
Residerifini Life.

“I lottstttg requesch that tile cott-

 

Studenls‘. cards and regislars‘ at pre-registtgtionk M W ‘ V  V W Wig

Cont/mlurizulion could offer new s'ultrlion

 

tractors try to keep corttaet with the
students' rooms to a minimum.
especially during finals." said
Estcys. He cxplaittcd that the final
arrangements between workers and
students \‘as ltattdlcd by Alumni
Quad ‘Cootditiator Liz Radk'o.

Radko refused discussion on the
situation. bttt said site did what she
had to do. “1
students.“ she said. “I told tltettt
that there would be some work go-
ing on."

Notification was by letter. stating
there would be work irt studcttts'
roonts. such as drilling.

Bttt the letter ncvct' tttcrttiorted
arty construction.

l’icrcc llall resident Mitchell
Askcnas said students protested the
construction. “We sent around a
petition which said that we knew a
new heating system was needed. bttt
it seemed like bad timing. what with
finals crtttrtttg up."

After obtaining approvirrtatcly 55

signatures. \skcttrrs and other

 

Inter-0.....m-‘III

“““ ‘ ALBANYS'TUD‘E‘Ni’Ph

 

Pierce Heating, System Causes  Situation?

      

 

notified the.

Student

‘i.L“.A'L'!"_"'_Q_l!P“’-‘ "fer 't,‘ I
Constructith has I‘tIfM'l/ vIllt/t'lll ire

students spoke to Assistant Director
of Residential Life. .littt llallcrt-
bacck. SA lawyer Mark Micltler.
and I-stcys.

“litrllcnbaeck agreed that it was
bad timing. artd Miclrlcr stud that
there rc.tll_v wasn‘t much he could

Ily 'I'lCRI KAI'I.()\\'I' I.
and .IACQUFI INI‘I 'I'|I()RI£SZ

Matty students believe computers
cotrld solve the problems of long
lines. insufficient advisement. attd
outdated closed course lists during
pic-registration.

In a survey of 200 students ad-
ministered by RC“ students in I'm-
It‘sz Kaplan's (irorrp (‘orrt-
nrutticatiorts class. 71 percent (of
those itttetvievvedl .tgrecd “pre-
rcgisltalion is :1 problem and N3 pct~
cent (of those interviewed) vicvvcd
cotuptttct'i/atiotr as ollctittg ttcvv
solutions.

Registrar Tom O'Brien cvplairtel
he detctrttitted how many sections
and Itow many cards will be given
out by examining enrollment data

 

 

 

 

The sun played ltidc and seek Friday around nt

)onliute btrt came out to peek at |2:IS when the fountains were

t'itr'tllv turned on for the first titttc itr 1982. ()ver 4.000 members of the SUNYA community turned out to

welcome
ficial day of podtattng.

the primal event from the rooftops all the way dowrt to fountain level. April 30 marked the first of-

 . 
I. - H hing

  

Iallwpclitlott against entry by heating workers

do.“ said Askcrtas.
the cotttplaittt about pjtsv keys
started because tltc workers were
leaving some rooms open.
"Rooms were left open and that
was the rrrairr cotttplairtt.“ said
Askctttts. “\ornt' stull was

front the prevtous semester .trtd evr
plotitte the prerequisite and core IL“
qtttrcrttettts of the majors.

He described the process as
"tttktittg) square pegs attd litttittg)
tltcttt into rotrnd holes.“

()‘lttictt tltottgltt cotttputeti/atiott
would provide “painless. I‘il\\l\L'
ptc~rcgistrtttion." He said an
op/seatt form w‘ould absorb and
correct rt student's choice of
courses. He said adjustments could
be made itr ruid-strc . \\‘rtlt the
current system. ottcc tltc first card ts
pulled. It's hard to Ic\k"l\v' a deci-

 

 

siort.

ltut t'omprttirtg t'etttcr |)treclot
Barbara \\'olfc said a cotttputcti/cd
prc-tcgrsttatiott system was ttnfcasi-
bie.

\\'o|lc cvplaincd the present plL"

 

 

reportedly broken or vtolert. but
lltosc .rre inst rumors.“

'\k'v‘|'ltllllt! to .\skertrr'.. the
wot l.ct-. .trc tillt‘ Ill stop work Ill lite
tlltlllh on lrtrluy. lust tIt ttrttc lot
trttals. and ill't'lil work itt the base-
rttent.

rcgtstrtttiort \)SlCill uses tttttgttctic
tape. which Ittrtkcs calling up an in-
div idttrtl ttttrttc dillicult. She liketted
it to a cassette; irt order to ltear a
song treat the crtd. tltc others must
he ltctttd IiHl.

\\'olfc said she is currently work-
ing on getting a whole new system.
but budget cuts have caused cott-
tittttrtl postptrttctttertt.

The current \vstertt operates us—
ing tttitivsnlicw technology.

A new \)\IL'lll would take about
lltrcc to five years to become opera-
tional. said Wolfe. five new faculty
would have to be hired to install tttc
system and all the taped inforrtra»
tiott must be transfer red.

Wolfe estimates tlte switch-over
would clhl approximately Si
rrtilliott.

Survey of Students Reveals

Uncertainty Over Bus Fares

lly MARK IIAMMONI)
utttl ROBIN IIAINNSON

rtt of SUNYA students
surveyed itt a rcccnt study agree that
if has fares were to be itttposcd. not
just uptown residents brtt
downtown and ol'f—catttprts riders
should be required to pay the fee.

However. the survey. which was
cottdttctcd by lite ASP and the R(‘()
204 class. found that 65 percent of
students surveyed were unsure of
the reasons why the adtttinistt'tttion
is considering ittrposittg fares.

“The administration is purposely
excluding students from the deci-
siott,..the tttotc ignorant we are the
easier it is for them." wrote one
disgruntled student.

If bus fares were imposed. 75 pet'-
ccttt feel a flat rate per semester
would be better titan charging for
each ride.

()(‘A Director Mark Dunlea said
botlt SA and ()CA “will remain on
top of the issue.“ but cited Vice-

 

l’lv'sldcltl of Business and Finance
.Ioltn llat tigan as sit) ing chances are
W percent that hits fares will not be
imposed ncvt year.

l)rm|ca said llartigatt promised
that students will be involved itt any
changes itt bus policy. but llartigatt
could not guarantee bus service
would be maintained at the sage
level.

Only I} pctcettt felt the bus
system is adequate. An off—campus
student wrote: “I'm sick and tired
of all the crap happening around
herc...l cart barely afford tuition
attd ttovv I might have to pay for
buses."

Several off-cantpus students
responded that only when the
University cart accomtttodatc all
students irt dot ms should bus furcs

be considered.

The restrlts of tlte survey will be
forwarded this week to President
Vincent O'l.ertry. Physical Plant
Director Dennis Stevens. attd Har-
tigttn itt letter forrtr.

 


3
vi

.

.4wa
any .

_ dNMu‘,

 

 

