 

 

 

 

 

 

     

   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
    

 
 
   
  
 
 

 

    

 

   

  

 

 

 
   

 

' I
. i,
 I I
F) ‘
; l
.n i.» I, _ a .
a; : ..  ‘  -   . mm. as. _
i: x 9 o ' ‘ ‘ -
:- o earlng 1 erent Drum 3
r 0 ace 0 e r 2'
E l E
. We have met the enem and he Is . .
c Tm ME my? lam"? gm mm} “argue: m: a]! vrrf‘ y “:0 o linihildoes? Blaming the military for war Is The Lieutenant Calleyg in this world on|y our troubles. War. Racism. Inequality are c
f ﬁn "mu; um “mm a m m: M ﬂux“. “21ng r}? 5 Q eb amlng the sanitation department for . pull the trigger, The massacre 5mm much all part of their scheme for world destIuC- 1 ‘
s i or}; ; seducmg time mr and 22mins: didn't ,eglster for the d h l 9“ age' A "main" ye" 0” lance C0" closer to home when people spend money tlon. Such people would rather believe this 9
' m the momma. 2r? mute-misn- :11 i cud . h m ' pmal l5 resmnﬂble l°' “P '0 a million on walkmans while others starve lhﬂn beiiBVEihel’e was "0 omniscient C0"?
3 i v ‘ a, A ,viyw . "l “a ‘0 Since l W551“ the dollars worth of equipment as well as the 1 shooting bombtn and n | r . scious force at Work in world events A D
E mum mane: 2: m: mutrr dit W“ '7'  ‘ ' " ‘ ““ . service at the time. It didn't make lives of the other me be l hi i 9 up! m "9 are l E
I: 6 (MY mm m mm“ mm W“ are: 1: ram“ m ‘ much seme- Unwlmng consul ‘5 make f m rs o 5 crew or [humanitarian compared to neglect. Agreat reality manipulated by evil Is preferable to
; awe; m" ‘7“; (mm: “Jr 7mm, Inna Shame: I: 3  V 4 lousy soldlers and create P bl Ire team. A college sophomore might tnumberotpeopletmhra woﬂdnveln such one chaotic. arbitrary and disturbingly c
y‘ 3 mmmmm  jam"; “111mm  mt} ﬁt an“ 3; “M, .K’ “,1, I man soluuons Bra“ regiswgznpr‘iaserg: worlry agtout 2i: stereo. his report card or abjecrmrsewrhmdeath from above would amoral. We need to blame somebody.
' (mm 11' “1111...”; .m; Wm“; me Jimenez near. n1 'rr‘JJ’tze :' unqualified mistake and I'm dylng .0 mad 3:“ ngh" raly ails t}i‘x. In betweenhlate night be a whet. Why? Because when are either -Th¢y‘ are a convenient target. But this is 3
l I urns-amt. gunman-:1 :r the warm” art: from :r’ :snxer urns: ﬂan? low Jimmy's new book and hear him ex lain it Q s 8 mg ! muse on Is higher lbllnd'lazy or cou'dn'lcareleﬂ'when P20. hm supersmon' Whue we Indu'ge In
, rgﬁgm w; (mam. .mtmuek We m - gm (a, more Impormm than [9 law“ ' Ting; and decide he do“ "0‘ believe I" IPle say they cannot kill another human be- superstition and the semantics of ‘Us' and I
.1 . mite-tram: um: mun-r: n4: :1: wan' r; be liseli was the debate It Ignited or flaklndlgrd1 lb: d alchZChl: [and wm no‘ legs“?! for ‘mg may mean 'hey're ‘00 lazy 0' mo Them, ‘he CIOCk keeps on “dung. :
’ ’ mumummdn ' T mm J EB: mqu I: W J1 ,1 DJ, magi an: N. in s‘a‘ehouses and campuses like mls one. “3 - By 5"“ corpora D09 W35 .squeamish to Pick up a riﬂe and do It with Uilimalely eve‘i’yone '5 blameless. but 2
5- tut—rue db at:;.:rm:itn.i£ r- mil. unenua. :r T'vt "weir-’4 “ii—"i '1'  For one thing It became clear that the lines . " gumy or no. we re a" resPons'ble- When
:n'nma organmrrm air.- m' ":‘ammdtzd' gnaw»; martian Life—'1 r‘ ‘ drawn In the sixties or even forty years Spacesmp eanh goes hunung oumms orb"
agdlmt‘. the wetting: :r :mnrwmr. Du? wan-us 1'. 'tt'suf: n‘l Jt' before that had not really changed. Nor all Of us wm (“e no‘ lug the war criminal;
neutt? mount: it intimith m; we are tr, re ::-.ale:.:_e“_~ 2n: had many of me argumems pro or con. (){ULCOHVICIIIOI‘S mighl 3W“ be a large Pan 
mill—an: m:- maxr test my mar the 72am, 3.: (wan, we: 1' Unfortunately the world has changed a ol‘bzlrmbder' “wasnmao‘ong “DEED-
ausrerr me made ur. an: run: we wun’ r». ant-g. no: r s mm in :— great deal and not much for the better. pe eve ‘ “an was a now we we
“2,: mm,” M w. , he. ,. w? “.53... F breeder reactors. Our reality has evolved
jm .le .8?! Ti much faster than our little minds. Dealing
Fm: “Fla, tmﬁﬁé Alex Condo“ with the problems of the atomic age might
I be more than the conventional wisdom Is

 

  
  
 
 

 

IHubeanennenh Dulce)

Utter we all rum-mar nutm-s “tn-toms"
'r? urge. r; ’rullh.. c 3' 'ezmzs t? r: the
rowan, act-$2331.44» as we ten: t: :al. a:
.:r'.)',iu.a' :1? "Honduras?" 1; next. r he
2: Himllt't. :r rennin; it; he ateyzr‘. :r
f'. T'rdTl ."d

 capable of. Our notions ollustice, morality
and society may be Inadequate for our pre-
sent dllemma. In fact the whole sum of I
Ideas and values that we've held sacred as
essential to our civilization may be on the
threshold of obsolescence.

ﬁll. Chanting some played out hippie
“I, slogans from the sixties Is not going to put
us on the road to peace and prosperity.

Having grown up In the sixties and
seventies the cultural Idiom l was most
familiar with was that of protest and distrust
UCIT‘C' ‘ )l authority. Fuck the pigs and don't trust
r' .422 5'11 "Ir—faint ‘~‘i“3"-  anyone over thirty. Richard Nixon was a

‘ ' ‘ pig. he was also over thirty. Pigs had short
hair. cried when they played the national
anthem and sometimes wore riot gear.
Two lingers in the air meant peace not vic-

 

aft: tZiL'l l' .3:

 

sashes 1' FEEL" we .

    

 
      
   
 

Z. :i'taeaur

 

Ul't'.

Z'I‘.

 Mata-'53 . A.

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

   

 

  
 
   

 

 

 

For :2 725'. :r in: won: 1
magic, ramming z: Sinai-4'21“ Does, an: a an:
'maﬂmm; Fm:  5t: 11* Mr". 31' auntie was

zlh =-I  I: ulnar. ulti’ft'ZE 1:1 :2

Fulfillment
The lady told

me to go to
hell and after
I spent the

entire day won d.

97mg Why, I was

already there.

tory. I identified with being part of the
youth movement, We were a new genera-
tion. We had our priests and prophets. our
Learys and our Mark Rudds. I never
thought our leaders would mislead us but
maybe I was being too discriminating as to
which authority needed questioning. To
many the Woodstock nation was an airtight
alibi.

But like Arlo Guthrie. I come to talk
tbout the Draft. Here are some of the
arguments you've probably heard before:
I. I don't want to become part of the War
Machine.

stupid enough to believe he was serving his
‘country and not the War Machine. He'll
pay for It the rest of his life In a trailer park
outside of Camp Leieune with a divorce
‘and alcoholism rate three times the na-
tional average or worse he'll get his guts
'blown out In some iungle shlthole five
thousand miles away because noone else
would go. Meanwhile his counterpart takes
his conscience back to the suburbs with
him. to a good home a good Job and all
those good things that were never available
to his less moral friend.

2. I cannot kill another human being.

any empathy for their victims.
3. I want to send a message.
To who? The Pentagon Is already against
the draft for different reasons. The oil com-
panies don't care what you think or who

.you vote for as long as you buy gas. The

politicians. Do they really matter? Not
registering may be a commitment to World
peace but 50 Is a dollar donation to a
sidewalk santa.

A large number of people believe that
some enigmatic elite of white haired
generals and businessmen ls responsible for

Toni Basil’s Rebuttal

ecause I didn't collapse into

B paroxyms of Joy when she told
me she could get her hands on a

pair of Who tickets. a friend of mine called
me “uncool"—a debatable charge. but one
I was willing to forgive until she further
ridiculed my musical taste by flapping her
arms around and chanting. “Oh. Mickey.
you're so fine, you’re so line you blow
my—" That's when l stormed out of the
room. flinging over my shoulder the threat
of never talking to her again until she
apologized.

 

Andrew Carroll



“but leave by friend Toni Basil out of this."

Basil. of course. Is the dancer/singer
whose album Word of Mouth. summarily
dismissed by Damian VenDenburgh In
these pages a few weeks back. contains the
year's most exciting and at the same time
most Irritating song, “Oh Mickey." As he
should have. VanDenburgh trashed the
album. but In doing so threw the Basil out
with the bathwater. Unknowlngly. I've
been keeping tabs on Basil’s career for
about six years now. and believe her ac-
complishments as a choreographer and
video artist outweigh any galls she may
have committed In the recording studio.
Besides. until I heard It for the fiftieth time.
I loved "Oh. Mickey."

Without even realizing It. you too pro-
bably know something about Basil. who In
the early '70's gathered together a group of
young black dancers and called them the
"Lockers." Remember "What's
Happenin'." the late seventies sitcom with
Dee. Raj and Rerun? Rerun was a Locker.
and on the show often Went into the wrist
rolls. arm flings. backside landings and

dancestyle, but learned It from one Donald
Campbellock. whom she met during the
ten year period she spent In the Watts area
of Los Angeles studying and videotaping
the dancing black kids were doing. Basil
saw theatrical possibilities In "locking" (as
an actress she has appeared in Easy Rider.
Flue Easy Pieces and Greaser's Palace) and
formed a troupe whose members would
each represent a different facet of street
dance: there was Flukey Like. Slim the
Robot, Penguin and Shabadoo. Dressed In
outfits Elton John might have turned down
for being too loud. they went on to perform
on the Carol Burnett show. Saturday Night
Live and specials with Roberta Flack and
Doris Day.

The members of the lockers went their
own way toy ards the end of the decade.
one critic having said "the move from street
to stage diluted the form." Besides. locking
Was an Individual's art. and the dancers
were said to have balked at Basil's attempts
to turn the group into an "ensemble."

The break-up was just fine with Basil. as
it turned out. for at about the some tlrne
the began to branch out. choreographlng
3ette Midler on stage and film. David
Bowie during the Diamond Dogs tour, and
the Talking Heads on video. Video seemed
to be her calling. and her projects eventual-
ly led her to Word of Mouth. which she
describes as a "video album."

Which brings us back to “Oh. Mickey."
and one of the reasons I like It so much.
The "Mickey" video seen on MTV In only
part of a phenomenally successful special
Basil did on British TV. Typically of Basil. It
captures and embellishes another native
American dance style — cheerleadan —
with comic and exhilarating effect. While
sweatered girls behind her do iaued up
versions of standard cheerleadan routines.
Basil performs her own crazed interpreta-

     
 

Critics have to justify 40 inches
in Rolling Stone and the Voice
describing the Clash’s politics

Those slogans were useless when Jerry
Rubin was singing them and there as
useless now as he is. We need some radical
new suggestions to the nuclear threat not a
regression Into counter-culture senllity.
How can we stop war when we can‘t even
stop people from stealing notebooks to in-
llate the curve?

I apologize for any misconceptions or
distortions I might have nurtured with my
little polemic. Remember. nothing is so
blind. bigoted or irrational as self-righteous
moral Indignation. There Is a lot of It
around. Cl

 

 

turn the sound off It you feel you have to.
although I doubt the video would work to
"Eye of the Tiger" or. forgive me. “I've
Known No War"

But even without the video. or knowing
anything about Toni Basil. what's wrong
with liking “Oh Mickey”? Not since “My
Shlrona" have I heard so many people
complaining about an FM hit. or apologiz-
Ing if someome catches them with their foot
tapping. I don't apologize for liking
“Mickey.” Y 5. I'll admit It's as disposable
as yesterdays Pop Rocks. but who says
you should expect anything more from
rock? Critics do. I suppose. but they have
to )ustity 40 Inches In Rolling Stone or the
Village Voice describing the Clash's politics
when you know and I know that “Rock the
Casbah" Is a great song because It has a
good beat and you can dance to it. Toni

 

and “Ch. Mickey" may not last another
week. but who remembers the Teddy
Bears. Curtis Lee. or Gene Pitney? They
were all footnoth In rock history—but what
footnotes!

I like “Oh Mickey" for the samefreasons
that I dislike much of what the Who do on
It's Hard. Where Basil has made a quickly
digestible and easily eliminated rock chant.
Townshend and company felt the pressure
of a "Farewell" tour and seemed bent on
creating "classics." replete with ponderous
melodies, heartfelt vocals and deep lyrics.
But I can only take so many extended syn-
thesizer breaks and crashing cymbals

l before I reach lor Toni Basil. or the Knack.
lor even the Monkces. I

It that makes me uncool. so be it. as that

great musical theoretlclan Mark

 

«can?

 

 

unnamed“,

hurdler’s splits that were the Lockers' MOlh‘lVSbBE’Qh Once said- “we're ""0th
‘tjademarks. V Basil didn't Invent the lieu of a prom queen gone batty. You can. , Basil will probably never make another hit. Ibeing cool. Cl

‘,W-_hl'| “gummy-avatarLﬁvvﬂﬂl‘h‘lmﬂ‘lawn. Inmuv.v.v~;.mvt.v.vlrm'v.uu~ _ .. .  H" .....,,_..._ _____, , , ,_ v, "Mum.  _ _ _ h _

 

are Emulator; 2r mgr: as seen young: the eye

 
 

Bob O'Brian

     
     
 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

. -n-~<wmr" w « a

«a...
l
i

I
I
t

4

 

