   
 

.. \ wt‘w.

  
 

 

 

NOVEMBER I6, [982

 

 

Danes destroy Marist College 48-0

 

 

 

 

 

 

ending rout of Marist College.

WILL VURMAN UPS
Junior halfback John Dunham scored three touchdowns in Saturday's season

 

By Marc Haspel
sr-orr rs wrron

For l4 Albany State Great Danes. Satur-
day‘s game against the Marist College Red

Foxes was the ideal way to end a college
football career. The Danes sent their depar-
ting players off with an all-out 48-0 batter-
ing of the Marist College Red Foxes to end
the 1982 campaign with a 6-3 record.

“t‘m very happy." said linebacker Bob
Cohen after the lopsided victory. He is one
of several players probably planning not to
return next season. “We cottid have had a
better season. you’re never totally satisfied
trrrtil you win a national championship."

The plrryers who wore their purple
uniforms for the final time irt Saturday‘s
game ittcltrded quarterback Tom l’ratt.
del'crrsive back Dave llrrrdy. offensive
gtrard Don Cordell. center Dave Kreczko,
place kicker Torn Lincoln and l98l ECAC
Upstate New York Player of the Year Jim
Canfield.

Canficld was lnrrrtbled by the tremendous
victory in the final game. He tnade a long
awaited return from art injury which
sidelined him for three games this season.

“i didn't want to miss the ﬁnal one."
said Canfield. i-‘ittingly. the big defensive
tacklc's final play of the season was a crun-
ching sack of Marist quarterback Jim
Cleary. “i had a torn ligament itt my knee
and a chipped bone in my elbow. but i was
pretty healthy."

Rounding out the list ol' Great Dane
graduates are defensive end Scott Miclracls.
defensive back Fran Quinn. split end Pete
Marlo. defensive tackle Manny (‘auclri.
qrrartcrback [Eric Litey and offensive guard
Mike Yelich.

“i thought it was a good season. it was
a success." said Yclich. “The win was a
great way to go. You cart't beat that."

for the players who had been with the
tcatrr for several years. the Marist contest
may hare brought back mcntories. 'l‘hc
Daucs‘ offensive gatnc piarr resembled

 

 

lty Marc Herman

l'hc Albarry State women‘s volleyball
tcarrr's qtrest to capture the NY. State
('hampionship came up short this past
weekend. as a gritty and well-disciplined
Ntucrctlt sqtiad upended the Great Duties.
tlS-S). (IS-9). in tire finals of thc
ous two day. lo-tcam elirrrirration
' arnent. held at (icneseo.

“it wasjust a case of going up against a
tcatn that was playing the best they‘d c\ct
played.“ csplaincd coach i’at l)wyer. “l
ncsct' saw a tcarrr play as good dcl‘cnshcly
as they did today. Maybe we are better
than tltcttt person to person bill they play
better as team, llrcy inst lrtrstratcd tlte
ltcck out of us.“

  
 

l)wycr and his sqtrad‘s disappointment
was lessened by the fact that they didn’t
lose a single garrre duirng the tournament
rrrrtil the finals. (in l'lltltt)‘. itr the
preliminary rounds. the spikers swept past
New I’ault/ (IS-(i). (lS~(rl. lltc defending
champions. Stony llrook (IS-2). t|5<‘)).
atrd lirockport. (lS-lZ). tiS-lZl.

’l'hc Dane trronrcnttttu carried over to
Saturday as they stcttmrollctl passed ('or'-
tland (ls-9), tlS-lZ) lit the quarterfinals.
and ()nconta (15-9). (IS-12) iii the
semifinals.

If Ilti Danes would have defeated
Na/ct’ctlt itr successive games. the learn
would have trtatle the record books by
becoming the first team to win the State
Championship without losing a single

 

game.

Spikers fall short in quest for state title

llrc Dane Spikers. seeded Iirst iii the
tournament tltarrks to l'tr‘ll .lS-(t regular
season record. placed three players on the
tournaments All»Star squad: ir. l-Ii/abcth
Roserrtcl. ir. Rosa I’ricto and sr. l.isa
l)iclrl.

“l'ltose three players really did well
throughout the tournament." said l)wyer.
“but you can‘t just sirtglc otrt a few
players because it was a team effort artd a
great one at that."

'l‘hough the learn is a little (“Silk
pointed. they won‘t be able to wallow in it
lot long. The Danes were invited to play
iii the l-astern Regionals this weekend irt
Rhode Island where they will be the only
tcarrt representing New York of the eight
tcarrrs corrrpctirrg.

llo\\c\er a conflict ltas atisin. l)wycr
was intor'ntetl that his tcarrr is also
scheduled to play their l'irst'round rrratclr
this weekend itt another tournament. the
NCAA ('hampionslrips which is the big-
gest of tlrctrr all since it involves the whole
country. lint things slrorrld work otrt l'rtre
according to l)wyer.

“We'll hopefully be able to cortrpcte itt
botlt tournaments in the satire weekend
because ortr first round opponent lit the
NCAA. hill. is also iii the Regionals.“
esplaincd l)wyer. "ll' we get permission.
we will play tltcrrr a .scpcrtttc garlic for the
NCAA while at the same tirire be able to
corrrpetc in the other totrrrarrrerrt.

No rriatter what happens to the ctrrb this
weekend. l)wycr is still proud of his tcarrts

accomplishment up to this poirtt. l «

 

 

 

 

' ALAN CALEMUPS
The spiker s were edged out in their
quest for a state title.

 

 

those of the powerful Albany teams of the
past. Albany relied almost exclusively on
the wishbone ground attack with windy.
cold playing conditions making an extensive
passing attack almost impossible.
Nonetheless. the weak Marist defense could
not contain the Dane offense. Albany
churned out 574 yards of total offense while
the defense limited the Fox wishbone oi-
fense to only lZl yards.

The Danes started their assault early. On
their second possession. junior quarterback
Tom Roth. who enjoyed his finest game as
:1 Dane. lratrdcd the football to sophomore
fullback Patrick Harrison. The small
ftrllback plowed into the visitor's end zone
from one yard otrt. Lincoln followed with
his first of six consecutive extra-point kicks.

"When the wind is blowing so hard."
Ford commented. “winning the coin loss is
worth a lot of poirtts."

it certainly was valuable to the Danes.
who won the toss btrt took the wittd rather
than the ball. John Dtrttltam added artotlrcr
six point tally as he bolted into the end zone
on a five-yard scamper with 5:20 remaining
in the opening quarter. For the halfback. it
was the first of three touchdowns durirtg
the afternoon lifting his season's total to
ten. That total tied the record held by Tom
Dellloid set in l975.

Albany continued to molest the Foxes
with another score in the first qtrarter. Roth
elected to keep the ball on first down and
raced untouched into Marist‘s‘ end zone. liy
the end of the first qrrarter. Albany already
owned a 2l-0 lead.

When play restrrned lit the second
quarter. the Danes had a new quarterback
at the helm. Making his final appearance on
University Field, l’ratt was sent out to com»
trrarrd tltc wishbone one last time. Altltottglt
hobbled by a hamstring pttll and tortr car»
tilcdge. the senior Dane signal-caller didn't
want to miss his final game.

“i really wantetl one more shot. i felt l was
running otrt of gas.“ he said. "but it was
definitely worth it."

irrrrncdiatcly. Albany State's nrost pro
lit'ic passer in his 13 year football history
guided his tearrr to a fourth tottclrdown.
i’ratt handed the ball to Dtrttharn on the
three-yard litre to increase the score to 2M).

()n Albany's next possession. the senior
quarterback t'cacltcd another nrilcstonc in
his successful career. When be connected
with wide receiver Pete Mc(irath l'or an ill
yard gain. it was l’ratt’s onc-lnutdredth
cotrrplctiotr 01' his career.

Albany did not waste arty opportunities
throughout the garrrc. Al'tcr' Pratt's pass to
Dttrrlrarn brottght tlrc brill to the Marist
13-yard litre. Lincoln led the field goal unit
orrt with just four seconds remaining iii the
half to try a 27-yard attcrrrpt. Lincoln‘s

boot split the uprights as time expired sen»
ding Albatry into the lockct'roorn with a
3i-() advantage.

The Danes rcfrrscd to stop pouring on the
points in the second half. Rotlt returned to
the qtrartcrback slot. leading Albnrty
dowtrfield. He helped his ow'rr cattsc with a
17—yard rtrrt on a quarterback keep. On first
arrtl goal from the Marist four-yard lirtc.
Roth gave the ball to runningback Monte
Riley. a young back who tnadc tremendous
strides with the Danes this season. Riley
carried the brill itrto the crrd Ionc making
the score fill-(l.

l’r'att returned on tile Dancs' next series
btrt cottld not bring the offense beyond the
Marist ill-yard linc. Lincoln was called
rrporr again for tltrcc poirtts and the senior

enhanced his perfect afternoon with a
34—yard successful effort. Albany led 41-0.

'l'he Danes scored lite last of their 48
points early in the fourth quarter. I’ratt pit-
cited to the left side where Dunhatn was
tltcrc again to handle it. The halltrack ran

15>

 

 

 

VOLUME LXIX

   
 
  

 

Fﬁday

November 19, 1 982

NUMBER 38

 

 

 

 *- ‘rt
‘ .L‘ .

Jtvi -
-P. _ ‘ .

 

Political “ ' professor Erik P. Holtmann

Andropov will "quickly be the strongest and Inns! effective Soviet lt'rlrler since the rlerrllr of Sta/in. "

Brezhnev successor viewed as ‘ruthless’
but willing to discuss arms control

 

By Evan Schwartz

 

Yuri V. Andropov. successor to the late Leonid i.
lire/ltncv as (icncral Secretary of the Soviet Union.
has only been in power t'or approximately one week.
But SUNYA political science professor and established
Russisn foreign policy expert lirik I’. ilol‘fmann
spectrlatcd that the former KGB head will last “maybe
ten years" and is convinced “he will. qtritc quickly. be

the. strongest arid most effective N

Soviet leader since the death of
Stalin.” _

Although knowledge on the 
(iii-year old Andropov orin recently
begatt to develop. llot'l'rnarur described him as “for-
rrritltrble in many ways" and “more intelligent. rrrorc
sophisticated. rrtore decisive. rrrore in-
cepcndcnt—mindcd" than his predecessors.

Professor l'lcnyr‘k llaran. a teacher of various Soviet
sttrdies cour .* at Albany. believes that Andropov “is
undoubtedly a ruthless man in a systcrrr that rcwrrrds
ruthlessncss irt politics."

llol'fmann thought that Andropov will riot pursue
more ol' a hard line in dealing with foreign policy.
“The chances tire that he is willitrg to talk seriously
about arms control." lloft'rrtattrr said. btrt added “this
will not mean that he will be willing to ptrt an end to
Soviet invoivernentrin third world countries."

The fact that Andropov was the chict' architect of
the repression policies for the I956 uprising in
Hungary is one of the tnain sources of information in<
dicativc of his domineering personality. liaran said.
“Andropov‘s handling of Hungary certainly gives
evidence that he is capable ot' deviousncss and the ttsc
of force to achieve Soviet objectives." while Hoff-
mann emphasized that. "Andropov was quite impress-

 

 

, y» ,. VL  ...,...A.
‘ . '.-.:..sr;‘42srht‘slraam..

 

ALAN MENTLE UPS

ed with the econortric performance of Hungary after
the installation of Janos Ktltlt‘t‘ as first Secret
irrtplyitrg that Arr-
dropov tends to favor .supprcsslotratory methods in

lltrrrgarian Communist Party."

gtWL‘l‘lllllL‘lll.

in addition, “As former head of the Ktili. he has a
more realistic why of the sitttation in the country." ac-
cording to liaran. llowever. liaran doesn‘t see this as
art incication that the new leader will crack down i'ur-
thct‘ on Soviet dissidents. since “The crackdown that
has been in progress is already cstrernelv cstcnsive.“ cd students to pick them up before intctscssion.

Financial pinch over as
government funds arrive

 

 

aid tnorrics to SlINYA.

 

pressure.

 

 

y ol' tltc

 

receive their checks.

\\‘hit|ock said.

 

7D

By Anthony Silber
I1lIl

attciai aid c sis ot' the past year is over, according to
Donald Whitlock. Director of Financial Aids and Harvey llrrth.
Director of Student Accounts. Things are now returning to normal
with rrtoncy starting to t'low in from the government.

\Vltitlock said that late federal appropriations decisions and iii-
cr'ased processing were the rrrairr reasons for the delay of financial

\\’htilock indicated that lot the trrost part. rrtottey is flowing well
now. but cited backlogs in the l'ell (irant program which lie at-
tribuch to new validation procedures atrd follow-up paperwork
forced on his department by the US l)cp.‘ttltltt.‘lll of lidncation. in
addition, \\ Iutlock said the decision by ('lairlrorne l’cll to have tltc
prograrrr switched to his name caused delays.

l-ttttltcr problcrns wrtlt tltc l'cll l’tograttr csist because awards rrray
be recoruprrtcd based on a study to be conducted oser ('hristmas
recess. according to Whitlock.

Whitlock c\|tlcssctl dissatisfaction with requirements and paper-
work delegated by the ymctlttttcttl. ” I he crrrollrtrcrrt of the institu»
tiorr is static. but otrr workload is rrntcasing. he said. “liecatrsc pro-
grams are being kill. people think ottt load is diminished. litclt if a
loan is denied. he still base to process it.“

\\'|ritlock said that because ol the increasing burden of office
paperwork. his ol'licc has had to ile\ote rrrote resources to papcr~
work arid cut back on counseling set\iccs.

All ol these problems interrupted the cash llow this semester.
Whitlock said. and created ditt'ictrlties. He said that rtow. for the
most part. the sitttatiort has itnprmed. attd there is trow less student

Whitlock said that lie and his entire staff greatly appreciated stu-
dent paticncc atrd understanding in the face of difficult arid
frustrating circumstances. "It's been a nightmare for us this year.“

\\'hit|ock said that strrderrt financial aid forms t'or nest y or had
bcctt delayed. and be anticipated them by mid—December. lie advis-

\l ill Itk

 

From his end of the tirrartcial aid process. liuth shared many of
Whitlock‘s feeling. He said that the strongest feeling he had at this
point. after what his oll'icc arid the students ltnd endured. was ap-
preciation with sttrdcrrts for being patient arid the staff for develop-
ing innovative methods to alleviate problems.

Among staff innmations. litrth said. were a "student inquiry
form." which helped eliminate lotrg lines by allowing students to fill
out the forrrrs arnl get responses iii the rrrail. and a policy of
disseminating aid checks by mail. again reducing lines by
elirrrirratirrg the need for students to conre to the office repeatedly.

lltrtlr asserted-that delays in aid cart be traced to the federal
government. The tlclays. he said. averaged about 6 to 8 weeks.
dcpcrnling on the program. when compared to last year. Federal
changes in the award schedule rrtrtnbcrcd about 850 — and the
average amount of change has been J6 dollars per sttrdcrtt. he said.

One future benefit of student inquiry forms, said Huth. was that
with the cspectcd addition of word processing machines. the office
could determine patterns irr student inquiries and establish standard
responses to thcnt. tints saving more tirrrc. He said that he was pleas-
ed with his office‘s ability to get NDSl checks out within to to [4
days. but reminded students that they tttttsl sign promissory notes to

 

 

 

7>

 

Soviet dissidents relate fear, hardship

 

DAVE RIVERA UPS

Petra Grl oronlto .

KGB "rule of the entire country. "

By Debbie Judge
IlillllRlxlI ‘I.\\I.\l ~l\‘l

()ne-tinrc Soviet General Petro
C igorenko spoke to a filled lecture center
Tuesday on tile fears and struggles of pur-
suing human riglrts in the Soviet Union.
Through ttrt irrtcrpretor. the 75-year-old
dissident spoke of his experience with the
Soviet government atttl his impression of
American pcrccptiorts of the Soviet Union.
His wife. Zitraida. a former communist,
spoke out expressing strongly anti-
communist sentiments.

Grigorenko. a 33-year veteran of the
Soviet military. was promoted to General
and then to military scientist and lccttrrcs at
the USSR's Frunze institute. He was active
in World War Two and was awarded five
medals. including the "Order of Lenin."

At the l96l Communist Party Con—

     

l‘crcnce in Moscow. (irigorcnko opposed
Nikita S. Kltrttschcv. then First Secretary of
the Party. A series ol' repercussions follow-
ed. leading Io (irigorcnko's arrest arid six
years iii a Soviet psychiatric prison. in
I977. while visiting the U.S. for medical
treatment. Grigorenko's citizenship was
revoked arid lie was denied admittance to
his country.

As a co-foundcr of the Ukranian and
Moscow Helsinki Groups. the former
general hss been active in the rights issue
since his release from prison.Thesc dissident
groups were organized following the 1975
agreement by the European Conference on
Security and Cooperation in Helsinki.
Finland.

At the time. 35 countries. including the
U.S.. signed the agreement which. in effect.

7»

 

 

.. . .. .sv-.:..w ‘

 
  

      
      
    
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
    
   
     
    
  
    
   
    
   
   
     
    
   
   
  
    
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
     
     
  
  
   
  
   
    
    
    
     
   
     
      
      
    
  
      
       
   
     
   
   
  

 

   
       
        
       
  

 
    
   

 

 

  

r

  

