  
 

—,.. “wanmmmmm .. ...

.i

 

 

 

 

assume-15:4». .

 

 

By Marc Schwarz
STAFF WRITER

 

When the Albany State men's soccer
coach, Bill Sehieffelin. looked at his team's
schedule, he saw conference games against
New York State ranked Plattsburgh and
Cortland followed by Division l Hartwick.
“How we do In these three games deter-
mines if we are in the driver's seat or the
caboose for tlte rest of the season," said
Schleffelin.

On Wednesday. the Great Danes put the
key in tlte driver's door with a come from
behind 2-l victory over Plattsburgh.

The Danes showed poise and maturity,
ﬁghting back front a 1-0 deficit at halftime.
After scoring two goals early in the second
half, Albany narrowly lteld onto their lead.
Fine goaltendittg by freshntan Tont Merritt
and superb defertsive play by Mike Miller
artd Jerry lsaacs preserved the Albany win.
Despite bclrtg ontsltot 21-7 and dominated
for most of the gattte the Danes improved
their record to l-0 itt SUNYAC and 2-0-1
overall. The Cardinals‘of Plattsburgh drop‘
ped to 0-] and 4-H.

Albany looked lethargic itt the first ltalf.
Jatttie l’arra beat Merritt on an assist frotn
.loe Aguirre for Plattsburgh‘s only goal at
“:22 of the. first half. “Tommy just make a
mistake." said Schicffelin. it was the first
goal given up by Merritt this year.

 

By Marc Haspel
SPORTS comm

The waiting is over for head coach Bob
Ford and his Albany State Great Danes. it
has been nearly two weeks since the Danes
defeated the lthaca College Bombers and
now. after some it days of practice, the
Danes are ready to resume their 1982
schedule with a game against the
Brockport Golden Eagles, tomorrow in
Brockport.

A scheduling problem brought about an
open date which the Danes had last week.
For some. an open date can be a blessing.
an opportunity for a team to correct
mistakes and for its injured players to
heal. But for others the open date can be a
curse, as staleness may set in while the
competition remains fresh.

 

 

 

     

Offensively, the Danes were almost non-
existent. Their first shot was not taken until

almost halfway into the opening 45 minute‘
period. Merritt made several fine saves to'

keep the Danes close. Cardinal Donovan
Scott was deprived several times after mak-
ing electrifying charges to the net.

The Danes came alive in the second half
when lsaacs beat goalie John Sovay to the
wide side at 6:22. He had worked his way
through the penalty box and sent his kick
through the fullback's legs.

Plattsburgh mounted several .tffensive
charges in an attempt to regain the lead but
were turned back every time. At l6:44,i
Terry Baccltus stole the ball from two!
defenders, split them arid lifted the balll
over Sovay's head and into the net for
Albany's second goal. 1

The final 30 rttintttes of the contest
featured relentless pressure by Plattsburgh.
Several times they appeared to have ticdthe
scorc only for lsaacs, Miller or Merritt to
push the ball out of harm. The most anx-
iotts moment occttrred in the final minute
of pltty when only a divittg save by Merritt
prevented the tying goal front being scored.

The Dnrtcs also received stellar per-
fontanccs frotn Dorittrt Fanfare, Dominique
Cadet. Eddie Monsalve and Robert Gar-

rctt.
11>

 

“You have got to make the best of it."

said Ford referring to Albany’s week off.
“We have to continue to grow. There's an
old saying, ‘If you've stayed the same.
you've gotten worse."'

Considering Albany's last perfomance
against lthaea. staying the same might not
be such a bad idea. The Danes. led by the
passing exploits of quarterback Tom
Pratt. routed the Bombers and are hoping
to continue that kind of dominance
tomorrow against the Eagles.

in the past, the Danes have had little
problems with their Division lll counter-
parts from Brockport. Last season the
Danes ripped the Eagles 36-7 and over the
last few years. Albany has averaged close
to 35 points a game against Broekport,
while the Eagles have averaged only seven

AN UPS

The Dance hope to resume their season tomorrow against Brockport with the
same dominance they enjoyed over Ithaca.

'NW-l

SEI’Tlc'A'Ililz'R 34, IU‘if‘ j

SHERRY COHEN UPS

 

Playing like a potential All-American, Dana bootor Jerry lsaaca helped lead his
team to a narrow 2-1 victory.

Soaring Danes ready tor/esume. with Eagles

points per game in return.

But despite the lopsided results, Ford
does not expect complacency to be a fac-
tor in this contest.

“We usually have not had trouble get-
ting up for Brockport." Ford said. “They
have some excellent athletes.”

Leading the Brockport attack is
quarterback Dan Grote. A versatile
player, Orote not only runs the of fense.
but also returns pants and klckoffs. in ad-
dition. he is the team punter. in fact.
Grotc was honored two years ago by the
ECAC for his punting performances in
the l980 season.

The Eagles run tltelr offense out of the
Wing-T formation designed to reinforce
the offensive line in order to increase
power along the line of scrimmage. Fur-
ther, Brockport's front litte is massive.
“They mttst average 235 pounds across."
according to assistant coach Kevin
Guyette. who was one of two Dane
coacltes to scout the Eagles.

Setting up behind Grote is fttllback
Dave Cotter. Weighing in at 220 pounds,
Cotter cart run hard. according to
Guyette. “lie scents to fire up the wltolc
team. They go to him on short situations
and on the goal line." (‘tnyette said.

Cotter is joined itt tltc backfield by
Doug Navik. Mike llollattd and Lloyd
Washington. Navik is (‘trotc's favorite
receiver. However. tltc lingles only threw
17 times itt lttst wcck's victory over Buf-
fttlo State. 29-26. So Albany cntt expect
him to keep the ball mostly on the ground.

Dcfcttsively. the linglcs are led by some
very aggressive people. Attcltorittg the
defense is ttosc guard Cltris lirescitt.

"He's a stattd out." (iuyctte said of the
5-10, 215 pound llrescia. "llc’s quick and
he makes things happen."

Brescia startds ttt the middle of the
defensive litte in it 5-2 arrangetttent. but
also drops off the title to play linebacker
in a 4-3 alignment. “He plays linebacker
, with good lateral mobility." said (iuyette.

The Eagles are very good at mixing up
their defenses. Brockport uses the 5-2 on
running downs. the 4-3 on passing downs
and adds a special 6-5 set-up for goal line
stands.

Brescia is joined on the defensive line
by another standout, Frank Turpin. This
defensive end measures 6—3 in height.
weighs 220 pounds, and can run 40 yards
in 4.75 seconds. The other members of the
line average over six feet tall. while the
Danes do not list a single offensive
lineman over s-tt. “We'll try to techni-
que them." said assistant coach Kevin
Karwath, “but we can't expect to muscle
them."

The Danes can expect to stick very close
to the game plan they used against itltaca.
Pratt spearheaded the offense with 235
passing yards in ii completions out of 16
attempts against the Bombers, wltilc .iittt
Canfield. Ed Eastman, Bob Cohen attd
Bob Jojo led a stingy 4-4 defense that
limited lthacn to only 44 yards on the
ground.

Jojo. a cornerback, earned liCAC
Defensive Player-of-thc-chk honors

after the gttttte for his 13 trickles (including
six solo stops), it funtblc recovery attd a
blocked pttnt. \

While the Dane e ‘ont to ittercasc their
record to 2-0, the [Eagles are also hoping
to sttty on the winning trttck. Brockport
dropped its season opener to Mansfield
State. a Division ll tenth, 31-0. The Eagles
rebounded lttst Weekend with the victory
over Buffalo State.

For l’ord ttttd his stuff. this gtnnc cart ics
special meaning. The otttcotttc of this cott—
tcst will ltclp give it better indication of
just what kind of a teattt the Duttes really
are. Although the Danes have beaten the
Eagles rather handily in the recent past,
assistant Karwath adds. "We can't afford
to take any team too lightly if we wattt to
achieve ottr goals." ‘

All actlott cart be Marion 91 FM begin
ning at 1:25 pm. ‘

 

 

L

 
 

 

Campus facilities
0 budget cutbacks

  

have reduced their
Schedule time due

 

Ily Dave Bluntkin
\I III ItIlI/Ilt'

State nttd federal bttdgct cutbacks in Work
Study artd Other student employment pro-
grams httve forced attd schedule reductions
at the library attd otltcr campus facilities.

Also the Computing Center, Physical
Edttcatiott Building. attd Campus Center
httve been affected by the recent budgetary
pinch. A slate-wide hiring l'tcc/c ltas cott-
ttibtttcd to tire reductions itt catttptts ser-
viccs. according to SUNYA officials.

liigltty pcrccrtt of the Work-Study
prgrattt is federally funded with the remain—
ittg twenty pcrccttl cotttirtg front the
SUNYA budget. This year federal monies
were cut back 26 percent trimming tltc
number of eligible students.

The library. ltas lost approximately 600
work hours per week. according to Director
of Libraries Joe Nitccki.

The Campus Center has also felt tltc int-
pact front the cttts. “At arty poirtt itt tinte.
tltc Campus Center ctttploys 20-25 College
Work-Study assistants." said Campus
Certtcr Director Jim Doellefeltl. “Tltis year.
4 or 5 fewer Work-Study studettt assistants
were ttssigtted to the Campus Center than
last year."

The tttttttbcr of students assigned to each
facility is rtot the only area being affected.
“We're ttot just talking physical bodies but
also the ttttrttber of hours each Work-Study
student is allotted". said Denny Eikill.
Facility Coordittntor for tltc Division of
Physical Education. Athletics and Recrea-
tiott.

lit the past. the uttiversity has been able
to supplement deficiencies in Work-Study
with funds front tltc Temporary Scrvicc
budget. Wlticlt is nscd primarily to ltirc sitt-
dcttt assistants.

“itt the past. we've used Temporary Ser-
vicc funds as a sort of band-aid. But itt
general. nobody is getting ntorc ntoney
front this area ttttd. itt fact. they are pro-
bably gettirtg less," Assistant Dean of Stu-
dettt Affairs Alice Corbin said.

A_tlircct affect of the Temporary Service
cutback is evident at the Computing
Center. “We use our Temporary SErvice
money to ctnploy students of higlttly skilled
nature," said Bert Chi, Associate Director
of the Computing Center. “Students have
worked here on a volunteer basis in the
past. Bttt with our Temporary Service
money being reduced. we ltave less money
to pay students. With fewer students to help
out we can't deliver as many services."

While Temporary Service and Work
Study cutbacks ltavc affected student
assistants. a state employment freeze has af-
fected professional staffs. ltt order to fill
vacancies, facilities must now issttc a re-
qttest to SUNY Cctttrttl which is tltett for-
warded to the State Dcparttnettt of Budget.

“The University's total salary budget is
being severly impacted with the net affect
being that the President ltas issttcd a direc-
tive stating that a certain fraction of vacan-
cies have to remain vacant," said Chi.

The Computing Center is operating with
approximately five vacattclcs ltt their pro.
fesslonul stttff - n 10 perccttt rcdttetiort front
last year.

The library is operating with approx-
imately 24 vacancies itt their professional

11>

 

   

VIOLlJlCii
AGAlN‘ST
WUM l. N

 

 

Karen Burstein

DAVE ASHER UPS

One third of Itcrﬂvnu/c acquaintances Iltllll' been raped

Burstein fiercely addresses
problems of sexual coercion

 

By Laura Nuss

 

Karen Burstein. co-cltair of the Gover-
nor's Task Force on Domestic Violence.
angrily addressed Albarty students and
faculty on the problems of sexual coercion
on the podium Wednesday afternoon.

Burstein said she “regretted that site ltad
to be speaking about sttclt an unpleasant
topic." then proceeded to deliver an en-
tltusiastic hour lortg speech on the subject.

Burstein. with redderted face and clench-
ed fists. explained that the primary difficul-
ty in dealing with acts of sexual coercion is
that it is a "hidden crime" rarely reported.

Burstein offered some advice on ways
women can protect themselves from sexual
abuse. “We can learn to be strong physical-
ly. pOSsibly through martial arts." site said.
“Also. we must learn to report these viola-
tions. and not to blame ourselves. We ltave
the right to be enraged. and to figltt for our
rights."

Burstcirt originally becatttc interested in
working for the Women's Task Force while
site was a feminist senator itt the legislature.
According to Burstein. “Matty grassroots
organizations called me and requested ttty
support in the struggle to ettd violytt sexual
crimes. This also proved you ltave to be in-
side and outside the system." site coa-
tlnttcd. "This is wity l strottgiy believe itt
women running for Assembly."

According to Ms. Burstein. "acts of
rape. sexual abttsc. and sexual ltarrasstttcnt
are not about sex, they are about violcttce.
and power. and rage. Offenders are ttrtder
the horrible misconception that their
capacity to give love is also their capacity to
give pain." she said. believing that underly-
ing most violent crimes is the necessity to
“prove onc‘s power.“

“What is so frightening," site said, is
that about one tltird of her female acquain-
tances have been raped. “These were men
that they dated once or twice. tnaybe even
slept with. who had the absurd rtotiort that
a negative rcsportse to a sexual invitation
warranted ltis sexually abusing her."

In l973. Ms. Burstein, itt collaboration
with other feminists artd advocates of
women's rigltts. tried to amend the : New
York State rape laws. At that tinte. said
Burstein. “You couldn't win until you pttt
your bloody life on the line." Under that
law. proof of the victim's “earttest
resistance" was required to prosecute.
Thevictim was forced to risk much greater
brutality attd humiliation in order to nteet
the proper legal rcqttiretnents of resistance.
This injustice was an cxatttple of the corn-
tuott myth that worttett provoke tape.

This year their diligent efforts proved
successful. A law was passed removing the
requirements of “earnest resistance“ '
tltereby requiring the satne proof for tape as
for any other violent critne.

. “In—u... -u-’«—-m,

:‘ .-|l.li.«i'.’\) S‘I'Ulll \"I‘ PIN-‘53" CORPOR‘ATION

Fﬁday'

October 1, 1982

 

  

NUMBER 25

Sudden blackout on
State Quad causes

residents to be

stuck in elevators

By Matt Nichols

Students were trapped in all tltrec
elevators itt Eastman Tower when the
power went ottt on State Quad at 9:00 pm
last night.

l‘ltc power failure. which lasted approx-
imately l5 minutes. blackened botlt tltc
tottcr’ and tile low-rise buildings. the only
illumination on the quad came from the
L‘IllCItIL'llC)‘ lights. which lit tltc Illitill nt-
chwny and the dorm hallways.

Physical Plant Senior iittgittccr hob
llakcr. said tlte tttnin breaker was tttppcd,
causing lltc power outage. When asked
what caused the breaker to switch off,
llntkcr said, "I don‘t know." bttt cited art
electrical otcrload as a possible cause. He
did say. however. that lte did not sttspcct
vandalism.

l'owcr Director Allcrt Longcrtdykc refus-
cd to comment on tltc situation.

immediately after the power failure. Jim

 

 

 

DeCastro. an R.A. itt Anthony Hail. ran to
the tower to get instructions wltere he learn-

. ’ ed that the elevators were stuck. “i ran up

every floor and knocked on the elevator
doors.‘and when i got to floor l2, i finally
got a response. i told the two girls. Kelly
McDonald and Teresa Asltlittc to stay cttlttt
and to sit down irt the elevator. They didn‘t
want tttc to stop talking to tltcttt. so i stayed
nttd tcnssurced titcnt ttrttil tltc poocr came
on about [5 minutes later."

“We went up and suddenly the elevator
stopped and the lights went out." said
McDonald. “We didn't know tltnt the
power was ottt on the wltolc quad; we
thought that it was just our elevator."

“When we stopped, we didn't know if M
were on a floor where they could pttll us
ottt. or if we were stuck between ﬂoors."
said Ashlinc. “it turtted out that we were
caugltt between ﬂoors it and l2."

"The worst tltittg was tltc darkness. attd
ttot knowing where we were or when we
would get out." said Ashlinc. “When
students stuck itt adjacent elevators began
to bang on the walls. tltc girls thought their
elevator would fall."

Another result of the blackout is tltat
catttpus radio station WCDB went off the
air for altttost an hour. The station was
holding art interest meeting itt LC 3 when
DJ J'o Carenza ran dowrt arttt told Doug
Rein. chief of engineering that the station
cottld no lottgcr broadcast. Rein. with assis-
tant Patti Steittbcrg drove over to State
Quad where WCDB's transmitter is housed
to see what tltc problettt was. By then. the
pchr was back on. but the transmitter ltas
a safety feature that reqttircs tttttttttal reset-
ting. Thc two had trouble resetting it. but
fittally the station catnc back on the air just
before [0:00pm.

 

 

      

  
   

