  

   

:ff:\1~;<“-“:1;P“41ﬁywv~.«savnﬁu .5: .g _ r . .

      

:. principles." The study. “World Military and SOCial Expendlllﬂ’cs. likely to be slight. ' I 

t; Iskander's crrtrctsm of the PLO leader came as reports 1982," charges that‘nuclcar and conventral arms races have Reagan used his weekly radio address Saturday m an__ w .. , Albany I N _ Y . . ;
circulated in Damascus that several factions ofthc PLO op- wasth resources wtthmlt enhancing Internallonﬂl SCCllTlly- nouncc that he was taking steps to suspend Poland's rnost- ~ . l I .

t pose Arafat's talks with Hussein. The two havelbeen international nuclear stockpiles have mushroomcd to favorcdmmion [arm slams has quickly as possible” an”  ' (5 doors from Joe 5 Dell) . . I    7  

? meeting in Amman Since Salurday ‘0 discuss “‘9 POSSIb'lllY represent the equivalent of 3.5 tons of TNT for every per- consulting with Congress, ii 1 . t ' ' :

. of Jordan joining the PLO and Palestinian refugees In son on earth - a total rcsprescnting more than 1 million Tim slams is accorded (he United Slams. be5| trading 1 . OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK  

 

 

Won-l mules}

Record stock rise
New York

(AP) Stock prices rose broadly on a record-setting pace to-
day. propelling the Dow Jones average of 30 industrial
stocks over the 1.000 mark and extending last week’s

. powerful rally.

Analysts attributed the rally to falling interest rates and
hopes that reduced inﬂation and lower borrowing costs
would revive the ailing economy.

The Dow Jones industrial average. up nearly 210 points
in the last two months. surged up anotlter 22.35 points to
1,009.20 with two hours of trading remaining. The last time
the blue-chip average completed a trading day above 1.000
was on June 23, 1981. and the last time it closed higher than
its current, level was June 15. l98l. when it stood at
l.011.99

More than five stocks rose in price for every one that fell
today on the New York State Stock Exchange.

Big Board volume reached tr record 96.60 million shares
two-thirds of the way through today's session. up from
86.06 million shares that changed hands in the same record
for the'period. Thursday's 96.06 million shares. Trading
was so heavy that the NYSE lickcr tripe was rtrrtning 42
minutes late at one point this afternoon.

Solidarity to strike again

Poland
(AP) Solidarity fugitives calling for a nationwide slrikc next
month say it will dctcrnrittc the union's strategy as an
outlined organization under Poland's tight new martial law
controls.

The inﬂuential Roman Catholic Church on Sunday con-
demned the Communist government's ban against tile in-
dependent labor federation and other unions as four
Solidarity leaders in hiding urged a four-hour general strike
for Nov. 10.

“At every enterprise, and at every department a
clandestine committee preparing the protest of November
10 should be organized." they said in a statement circulated
outside churches. “The course of the protest will decide the
further strategy of the unions."

Parliament obediently followed the government's recom-
mendation Friday. passing a law that dissolved all labor
unions and imposed severe restrictions on the registration
of new ones. The law effectively outlawed Solidarity. the
Communist bloc's only independent labor union formed
during August 1980.

The government suspended Solidarity and detained hun-
dreds of unionists under the Dec. 13 tnilitary crackdown
that followed 16 months of labor unrest. Many have been
freed but more than 600 are still held.

NY State deficit forecasted

New York
(AP) Sharply falling tax revcnttes could leave New York

state with a deficit of more than $500 million when Gov. '

 

eadtngs on the storm

Ronald Watkins from the Harrow School in Great Bri.
rain is currently on this side of the pond and will be
presenting readings of the storm scenes from King Lear
this afternoon at 4.

It's all free and it happens in the Humanities building.
room 354.

 

Stick up your ears

Lady Rucinski. the Republican candidate for Albany
County Sheriff will be speaking on campus at totrrorrotv's
mccting of tire SUNYA College Republicans.

It will take place at 8 p.m. in LC 13 and the public is in-
\‘ilcd to attend. w

Help for survivors

Discussions and forums about suicide too often ttcglcct

what happens to those who remain. struggling with ques-
tions of gttilt, anger arid sorrow.
' To aid those tnired in this situation. the Friends
Meeting House will be holding a Mutual Support Meeting
tonight and the first Tuesday of every month at 7:30.

The Meeting House is at 727 Madison Ave.. Albany.

Donations welcome

You've thought about it. you've put it off. but here is
your chance againl The bloodmobile. sponsored by the
American Red Cross will be on campus tomorrow from
10 to 4 in the Campus Center Ballroom.

If you're planning on donating. or think you might like
to. it's best to register today with JSC-Hlllel, who will be
sponsoring the bloodmobile.

 

Bergman for buffs

As film classes get tritnmcd on campus. a lecture
tonight should whet the appetite of hungry film buffs.

Fritz Sammern-Frankenegg of tile University of
California. Davis will be discussing. "Ingmar Bergman's
Secret Message in The Silence: A Study of Artistic Struc-
ture in the Mcdiunr of Film." It will begin at 7:30 itr lltc
Humanities Lounge. Admission is free.

00

 

Israel, anyone?

If you're interested in studying in Israel. have we got a
rncctittg for you.

Bluma Stoler of the American Friends of Tel Aviv
University will be speaking on the joys and trials of study-
ing there. Site will also discuss tltc Hebrew University pro-
gram at the meeting.

Call Deborah
information.

Calling all candidates

There will be a mandatory tnccting for all SASU, Cen-
tral Council, and Class of I986 candidates tomorrow. Oc-
tober 13, at 5 p.m. in the SA office. Those with schedul-
ing problems should contact Elections Commissioner Ken
Olsen at 462-7017.

more
i I

l-lovcy at 457-8678 for

 

 

Cuomo finds support

New York
(AP) A ncwspaper endorsement, a poll giving him a narrow
lead over opponent Lew Lehrman in the New York guber-
natorial race and his daughter's wedding made it a
memorable weekend for Lt. Gov. Mario Cuomo.

Foundation. The Stanley Foundation and The Union of
Concerned Scientists. Foreign groups participating were
Project Ploughsltarcs. Canada; The British Council of
Churches arid the United Nations Association of Sweden.

Christians, Moslems clash

Beirtll, Ll‘htllitlli

  

 

OCTOBER 12. [9592 D ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

SA suit to go before County-Court

By Karen Plrozzi

“M

Albany County Supreme Court Judge
Harold J. Hughes ordered the Albany
County Board of Elections Commissioners
Friday to show cause as to why Ward 15 of
Albany‘s Third District and Ouildcrland‘s
F(iirst Election District have not been divid-
e .

The written order was issued to elections
commissioners George P. Scaringc (D) and
Raymond J. Kinley (R) following their re-
jection of SA's request for a polling place
on campus Thursday.

It is tltc result of a suit brought about by

Food Co-op

By Robert (lardlnier

 

 

You could easily overlook the Food Co-
op on the first floor of the Campus Ccrttcr.
But once inside there is no mistaking the
familiar aromas of the spices and other
unusual food the Co-op
stores in large containers. 
According to Carla
Tcitclbuum. a (To-op 
manager. "It‘s sort of a
convenience store for students. vcry accessi‘
blc and an alternative to UAS.“

The crowds that overwhelm the Co-op
during the busy lunch hours and again at 5
p.m. are not a typical grortp. Tcitclbruttn
said. Not everyone is a vegetarian. and few
are nutrition tlisciplinarians. thy simply

iitt‘itii  '
ii'illl"
V“ l 5 I II

SA attorney Mark Mishlcr on behalf of
SUNYA students. in order to make voting
more accessible. The actual complaint has
been filed by SA president Mike Corso.
Vice President Ann Marie LaPorta. and
' fotrr other students.

The suit stems from a request made by
SA to the two commissioners that the 15rh
Ward of Albany‘s 3rd Election District be
divided, and a polling place set up on catn-

pus. Since then. SA has also asked for a.»

realignment of Guildcrland‘s lst Election
District. The request was denied on the
grounds that it was made too late to be ac-
tivated by tltc forthcoming clcctiort.

According to Mishlcr, Election Law
4-100 states that any election district with
tnore than 1,000 registered voters should be

divided. Since tltc Albany district had [.716 ‘

voters in the last general election and
Guildcrland 1,015 this should have been
done already.

Next Thursday Kinley and Scaringc will
be required to appear before Judge George
Cobb to present their arguments as to wiry
the two districts should not be dividcd. and
why. if divided. the new polling places
should not be located on the Albany State
Campus. [,1

 

 

wru. vuaum ops
SA President Mike Coreo
Heading suit for a SUN YA polling place.

haven for snackers and health nuts

stop by the dried snack products or new
yogurt-coated itcrns that are currently a big
hit. she said.

Other foodstuffs available include wltolc
grain products. nuts. dairy items, spices.
teas and vegetables. No local products arc
sold bcctrusc of stringent health regulations
the storc would have to trtrtitrlain. Accor-
ding to Jason \Vcrtltcim. the Co-op's senior
manager, this would drastically reduce
ovcrlrcad anti tints forcc ovcrall priccs up.

Comparing member prices at the (‘o-op
to prices at an average grocery store irt
Albany shows that even paid members of
the Co-op do not save that much money.
and for some items. tltcy pay more. A half-
gallon of milk at tltc Co-op is $1.00 for
members and $1.21 for non-rrrcttrhers. l’ricc

 

Chopper sclls tltc same amount for $1.10.
Yogurt is also more expensive at the (‘o-op.
selling for 46 cents for members anti 55
cents for non-members. The grocery store
sells the same yogurt for 44 cents.

But \Vcrthcim argues that Co—op
members do get ttrorc for tltcir money
because the store ol'l'crs‘ frcsltcr. better pro-
tlttcc rcstockcd two or tltlcc timcs a \tcck.
in addition. the (To-op curries international
food items that cannot be found at most
grocery stores, or would be more cspcnsivc
if llrcy wcrc.

Supermarkets cart sometimes ttntlcrsell
Co-ops according to Wertltcim. because of
constant silica on common food itcms
balanced with a very high mark-up on other
products to maintain profit margins.

 

“.71.... .r. a “my.

  

 

Thc Co-op operates at an cigltt pcrccnt
mark up from wholcsalc for rnctnbcrs and a
28 percent mark up for non-members.

According to Ed Miller. a seven year
nrcmbcr manager at tile Honest Weight Co»
op on Quail SL, the service cltargc at the
SUNYA (‘o-op is the lowest of arty he
knows. Most tttrtrk ups at lloncst Weight
arc from 20 to 50 pcrcctrt.

Compared to the silc of thc SUNYA
community. lltc membership at the (pop is
very small-only 300 members. Approx-
imately 50 percent of these are working
mcrnbcrs, according to Wcrtltcint. a group
which includes undergraduates. graduates.
and faculty members. Each working
undergraduate pays a $5 membership
fee; working graduate students and others
pay $8. Membership fees for non-
working participants are twice this amount.

A revocable pcrmit has been issued to the
Co-op by tile University to operate on-
cumpus. llowcvcr the permit contains
restrictions governing the Co-op's opcr-
tions in relation to UAS. according to Wer-
thcitn. “UAS considers tltc Co-op as a form
of competition." Tcitclhaum said.-

According to Lester Hyncs.: UASDircc-
tor of Cash Sales. it was "decided that the
Co—op should be a bttlk service store. like a
grocery. and not a food preparation outlet
likc UAS. ’l‘ltc \‘crbrtl agrccmcnt is that they
won't sell what we do anti \icc-vcrsa."

liccrtttsc of this situation small items sold
at the Co-op such as yogurt. apples and
snacks must be purchased in quantity. it‘s
not unusual to see students waiting for
friends to htty with. according to

Hugh 1" Carey makes his midyear limnClal “:90” [his The New York Daily News. which endorsed the liberal ) ‘ "
week. the New York Times said. ' _ . Delumlmts candidacy‘ rclcascd “m [mulls or a Straw p0“ iAl )(runltghts ertrptcd bctwccn Moslems and Christians lll smdents 'ake advantage of the edible variety avallable In me Food coop. ,rcilclhuum.

The Tunes [eponed Monday [he 0mm“ “'3‘” dam Sunday which showed Cuomo leading the Republican by 46 ‘1 "WWW" V'llilta'c cast 01 Betrul. and rightist ( trnsuun Foodsm/fx include/mm. vegetables. brew“ anddairypmducm v w 7 V _M__ i
. Wcrtltcim feels that the Co-op is u

tax collection for the first half of 1982 indicated a falLoff in
receipts from personal income, and sales and business
taxes. The result is annual revenues could be up to $300
million less than previously projected, the official said.

Carey will release his midyear report on Friday. The
governor predicted last July, when the legislature enacted a
budget over his veto. that there would be a $360 million
deficit. Legislative leaders said at the time there would be
no deficit.

The official blamed the recession for the loss of state in-
come. adding the only way to avoid such a massive deficit
was for the legislature to enact new taxes.

Syria denounces talks

Damascus. Syria
(AP) The government is denouncing PLO chief Yasscr
Arafat for meeting with Jordan's King Hussein. and says
Arafat does not have sole authority to speak for the Palesti-
nian guerrilla movement.
Describing Syria's relations with Arafat. which have
reportedly deteriorated. lskandar said: “whether our rela-
tions with one person are good or not does not affect our

federation. Those meeting, which continued today. are
considered the PLO chief’s most crucial talks with an Arab
leader since he embarked on a tour of Arab captials follow
ing the evacuation of his guerrilla legions from lsraeli-
surrounded west Beirut in August and September. Syria,
which has received the bulk of evacuated guerrillas from
their former Lebanon power base. is not friendly with Hus-
sein. it has frequently accused him of supporting the anti-
government- activities of the underground Moslem
{Brotherhood inside Syria.

 

percent to 42 percent.
Mcanwlrilc. both candidates on Sunday had sharp reactions
to new high ttncnrploymcrrt figures.

Lchrman. appearing on WNlJC-TV's "News Forum“
pt'ugfitlll, prorrtotcd it jobs training program and a l'rcc/c
on govcrrtrncnl jobs.

l‘lc charged that the state's Democratic administraion
had done “a lousy job" in finding work for the
unemployed. l'lc proposed a job training council to coor-
tlinatc training efforts among various state agencies.

Cuomo issued a condemnation of Rcagturomics Sunday.
saying the uncnrploytnent rate of 10.1 in September in—
dicatcd “the utter failure of President Reagan's economic
policy - a policy that my Republican opponent is proud to
have helped fashion."

Military costs mushroom

Washington. DC.
(AP) More than $1 million a minute is being spent
worldwide on the military, with nuclear stockpiles ex-
ceeding 50.000 weapons, according to a study by a coalition
of arms control groups.

times the explosive power of the Hiroshima bomb. the
study said.

The report says the United States and Soviet Union.
representing ll percent of the world's population. “spend
half the world’s military budget, export 58 percent of the
arms moving in international trade and control 96 percent
of the world's stockpile of nuclear weapons."

The American groups sponsoring the study were the
Arms Control Association, the lrtstitute For World Order.
the Peace Through Law Education Fund, The Rockefeller

 

militiamcn helped Lebanese troops scizc leftists in the
capital's wcstcrn Moslcm scctor.

In Jerusalem, Prime Minister Mcnachcm Begin‘s L‘ulriuct
outlinctl its proposal for withdrawal of lsrucli, Syrian and
Palestinian forces from l.cbttnon. lsracl's Dcl'cnsc l\illll\lt'l
Ariel Sharon denounced the United States, accusing the
Reagan administration of blocking an lsracIi-Iclnrncsc
pcacc Ircztty.

lsracl said one of its soldiers was woutrdcd itr Iltc cross-

firc Sunday between Christian rnilitiarrtcrt anti l.cbrtncsc
Druzc Moslcm leftists in the mountain town of Alcy. 10
miles east of the Lebanese capital. There were no tthotlllIs
of casulaties among the combatants.
. it was not known what triggered Sunday's guttbattlcs at
Aley. which local officials called the worst outbreak of
Christian—Moslem fighting since lsracl's Jrrnc 6 invasion of
Lebanon to root Palestine guerrillas.

More sanctions on Poland

_ Washington. I). C.
(AP) Prestdcnt Reagan is moving to punish the Polish
government for banning the Solidarity trade nrovement by
imposing new trade sanctions. but the practical effect is

partners and reduces the tariffs on goods shipped to this
country.

Officials said the effect of the suspension might be to in-
crease tariffs by varying amounts on about $100 million of
the $200 million in polish exports. most notably textiles.
where the import fee could rise by 50 percent.

Reagan said the outlawing of Solidarity and other labor
groups. announced ‘Friday. was “another far-reaching
step" in the persecution of the Polish people by the military
government in Warsaw.

 

Oscar winner sheds light on Star Wars

 

By Amey Adams

 

What would a movie like Star Wars be
without special effects to keep it moving at
an exhilarating pace? Would there be much
of a movie if we could not revel in its hair-
raising chase scenes. or the frighteningly
real Death Star?

Those who were responsible for the cf-
fccts have become Hollywood folk heroes
for their daring and innovation. Robert
Blalack. who won an Oscar for his special

 

effects work on Star Wars gave students a
behind-the-scencs look when he spoke on
campus Friday night.

Even though the effects are what most
people remember from the movie. Blnlack
said that Star Wars needed and had more.
Once that is in hand. a storyboard. which is
effectively an artistic rendering of how the
director envisions the movie crew can begin
formulating ideas.

“While the effects may look sleek and
dazzling on screen, they were the result of

two years of often tedious and intricate
work." Blaiack said. To be expected
however. when yott are starting virtually
from scratch.

“We had to bttild all of tltc equipment.
We didn't know what we were doing." he
said. Building the various models was a
"mix and match process” according to
Blalack. Usually the crew would btry fac-
tory rejects from toy companies and sift
through the parts for inspiration," he said.

11>

dcl'inatcly hampered by UAS and Universi-
ty restrictions and he would like to see some
changes in the future. He said that there are
some ideas being considered to improve scr-
viccs. These plans include stocking more
traditional grocery items. such as canned
goods. to attract customers. Also the store
may be opened on Saturdays in the future
to offer students extra time to shop. The
store hours now are 9:30 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Monday thru Thursday and 9:30 n.m. to 4
pm. on Friday.
Wcrthcim would also like to see more
- nutritional education material made ac-
cessible to the college community through
the Co-op than is currently available. Cl

 

 

A person with a car who wants
to make an extra 28 bucks a a
week for three hours of driving.
Must be available Tuesday and 0
Friday mornings. Call Wayne at
the ASP — 457-3389. , O

 

 partrihge pub

869 Madison Avenue

PUB-BURCERS TlLL 3:30 A.M. ‘ , ‘
. NEW MEMBERS WELCOME

HEINEKEN (DRAUGHT)

 

 

 

 

 

SUNDAY AFTERNOON SPECIAL ll!

 

ITALIAN-AMERICAN
STUDENT ALLIANCE

, 34 WWW

 

 

 

 

 

