 

  
  

will!“ «s «m -MWNW -

.e‘v.

 
   

ongin Street crosses Green own
ear Albany's Greyhound Station.
eneath the cloverleaf of Route
787 and in the heart of the South End urban
renewal project. That explains the spanking
new red brick sidewalks that lead nowhere.
in front of crumbling buildings marked for
demolition by white painted numerals.

One building stands out. because it still has
its windows. and because rather than 1‘
number it is marked by a nearly illegible sign
reading "Convent." This is the Project
Equinox Youth Shelter. ft is emergency
housing for up to 8 teenagers at a time. it's
motto is. “We help the kid next door."

inox

Project Equ'

The shelter has been there since 107ti.
and offers a place to stay for kids who hate
run away from home. or were thrown out.
or pushed away it's part of Project Eqmnox.
an umbrella agency which includes the Refer
Switchboard (a 24-hour crisis center) and
another counseling center for drug abuse it
is pegged as a recrpient of a share of the
monies raised by telethon '32. the SUNYA
student fundraiser. and by walking through
the door you begin to understand \kli‘,‘

"We're just trying to keep the place
operating." says Joan Rogers. the Shelter's
coordinator She leads two visitors through

 

lorn is short. slight. wearing a tan
T-shin and faded jeans. Blond
Stevie Nicks' nair is pinned back in
banets. . letting her bangs flop over wide
brown eyes.
Dad is tall. thin. also in a T-shirt and fad»

g ed Levi's. Heavy brown hair hangs down

 -~  The From

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

'. 22:95:};

almost to his shoulders. and small eyes
squint in the kitchen light.

Mom and Dad. alias Patty and Bill lsaac-
son. look like flower children or high school
students, but they speak with an experienced
parents' mattervof-factness and a sincere
parents' love.

For the past year the lsaacsons have been
parent: to six CHARLEE kids. This
weekend. the talented of Telethon '82 will be
singing, dancing. and entertaining their
heads off for CHARLEE. an acronym stan-
ding for Children Have All Rights: Legal.
Educational, Emotional — a nationwide net-
work of family can homes for neglected.
abused. abandoned. predalinqucnt and
delinquent children-648 years. old.

The Isaacson'n North Main Strgct home in

’bm'or itu-iiw’Ci-‘imcceiiomu tn iii.‘

Abanyarca.Stx‘idda.randngtnagafrom


ooh!
Q!

  
   

..  ma...

i, .p- .r ii

the Shelter's halls on a dismal spring day.
She talks of rising heating costs. the salaries
of counselors. and the price of food. not
mentioning the condition of the building
itself. Leaking ceilings and peeling walls not-
withstanding. the structure serves its pur-
pose.

232 kids were served by the Shelter in
1981. up from 14‘) the year before. Most of
the kids were runaways. who left home for a
variety of reasons: parents drank. conﬂicts
arose that couldn't be resolved. other
shelters couldn't be adjusted to. Other kids
were thrown out of their homes by parents
unwilling or unable to care for them. And still

others found their way to Equinox via family

_gourt. termed Persons in Need of SUPL’tVl‘

sion until longer term arrangements could be
made

e Shelter has room for 5 boys and
3 girls — girls on the third floor.
boys on the second. with a coni-
mon TV room in between. Kids arrive at all
and any hour. setting the Shelter's wheels in
motion They've come to Dongin Street via
Refer Switchboard at 70 Central Avenue
The Switchboard screens the kids for the
"appropriateness of the individual's placev

"None of these kids came from a normal
home." says 24-year-old Patty. speaking in a
warm. personable voice. Sitting next to her
at the cluttered kitchen table. Bill. 25. quietly
yet disgustedly explains that in order for
children to be classified as PINS. parents
must formally levy charges against their child
in court.

Most of the children here have come from
broken homes where they receive minimal
love and attention. Bill notices they come to
the house with “the world on their shoulders
and anger in their hearts."

“Our goal is to make these kids realize

   
 
     

 

 

  

what a family is all about." says Bill. He and
Patty energetically provide the love.
"‘ ‘ " ‘ Jill-g and M' I u

that 'each child needs.

a Menntngar Foundation of

Topeka. Kansas and the Com-
munity Action Program oi
anectady. CHARLEE'I sponsors. con-
sider standard childcare systems to ha a

7"“ttagmm miscarriage otiuutia.” W lay,

“mothanmmiiltonchtldnnaycum
wanhouudhlmtituttonaorlnwaduilytn-
adoquatciuvcnilofnctlitm.Morothanhalor
than chtidnn an not won aocuaod at.

N V wood WIN”;
» ‘ .-:.r.mai~ri~mmmmimo.-reﬁt. I . tit!” .

‘lllllaflpr .




 

merit in a group living situation:" no actively
suicidal. violent or drugged kids. If the child
hasn't eaten. he's fed. If he's tired. he's given
a blanket. pillow. sheets. and a bed.

But the Shelter is no hostelry. As soon as
possible. kids are linked up with one of the
Shelter's counselors, The idea is to open
lines of communication and to try to deter-
mine the problem and possible solutions.
"We want to know. 'What caused you to
leave home?‘ " says Dottie Roberts. who
started at the Shelter-as a student intern out
of SUNYA's Graduate Program of
Rehabilitation Counseling. Now a full-time
counselor. she begins by developing a treat-

_ by Andrew Carroll

For the Kid Next 000.,
.A' Spe'Cial Place To Tum To.

ment plan for the youngster. which usually
means hooking up with the family in swine
way. “And most families are pretty rei'i'p»
rive." says Roberts "We offer some relief to
parents. who are thankful that they're 'not
the only parents in the world with these pro-
blems ' it's also a relief that we offer free a
service many thought they might need but
could never afford," Equinox refers parents
to agencies with either sliding scales or
minimum fees

The cases Roberts might handle are as dif-
ferent as each child who knocks on the door
Assessmg the homelife of one boy. Equrnox

have no one to care for them."

CHARLEE seeks to provide a structured.
secure. affection—filled living environment for
troubled kids. but their ultimate goal is to
reunite children with their natural families.
Social workers act as liason between the
primary family and the natural family, at-
tempting to re-establish bonds. Children are
encouraged to visit their family once a week.
once a month or on a varied basis.

Unfortunately. a family reunion is
sometimes impossible. especially with older
kids. The bulk of the money CHARLEE
receives from Telethon '82 will be used to

‘ Showers.

 

 

“'4

establish apartments for those young adults
who can live alone but still require some
supervision. Cl-lARLEE social worker Ann
Cohen and the lsaacsons believe Indepen-
dent living facilities is the most crucial growth
atria.

vv't

striking child In thermal underwear

and plaid battimbo pattern Into the '

kitchen and kinds her parents.

it..ln,thc garage. than at
nhlldun practice ltth move-that "

audit them. while tin mi watch a Eliot-
, l‘

3?

ill pm.” 5.. mm". J; m ' .fmr.

 

 
  
    

u..x.,..

arranged for the cliikl to be put up ‘ii ii it
home. but under informal (Iii uni-rm
whereby he kept in touch Willi liis mi
parents. A Myth" old girls pit l'li it
less severe 7— but still drove her or it v
home. Her mother couldn't afford in :m. '
the entertainments other girls her (lrittiil‘lt’t
age enjoyed: the movies. fillluf‘slﬁrilttiii I
styling. The daughter was too  , -
work. and put off by the prospect of i ,-_‘- V ~
ting or delivering papers Rubi-us  -
mother and daughter discuki-r My
neither had CDn$l(lEI’8(l.'lilClUdltiti :i..
sive extracurricular activities at lli-'
school. The tension was reduced «iliil i
were happier.

 

 

Often the problems are not so cut and. ii'
and counselor. child. and parent new ‘1. -, -
through what Roberts calls a "ltiuiiilri. l
problems. trying to determine ihnw :it' -i
highest priority. But lately Roberts tli  m 7
pattern in the types of problems - i-
counters daily "At one time i um
wrtli personal. growtlriype issues " ~ .
"But now I see more kids I‘Uliltili’l
because of financtal issues ‘I can't rir: -. '
they say. and there's that [irthbUtt' on .: i u
ly Once running away was ti flitti‘i in ‘
now it's problems like these "

Between sessions with the C(iUllxt‘livh
so~callegd "goal-oriented" group session»
periods of family counseling. the iuenig. i
get oriented to the house for i.i.ti.~.i ' -
counselors hope and federal law awn.» .-
be a short stay The Federal maximum - '
days. after which either the parents ji » P
the kids. or the child's case is referred ii " t
police or juvenile court In that t'nm'
child maybe given new status. and hz~ ‘liil.
might be extended

children of their own A few toys an m .ii
tered in the living room. the Wooden rim!
hanger is overburdened with jackets \|.liili,'
about half a dozen pairs of shoes are piled iii
a little corner next to the front door The is“.
ing room contains more couches than
regular home would. The children are .i kill“
reluctant to show their rooms. but a gun}.
peck indicates that letting today's ‘illh'tl
clothes remain on the floor 'til tomorrow is
tolerated. Tacked to the bulletin boaitl is .i
rotating list of chores each child in "(ll
course no one wants to do the laundry."
says Patty.

Two people sleep in each bedroom. dorm
style. while all six kids must share our
bathroom. To make the situation
manageable. a Yours. Mine. and (hm.
regimen staggers morning bathroom time in
15 minute intervals .‘\ la Brady Bunch, llila
is where most of the fights get started

llittlt'

"Things will occasionally get hectic." my:
Patty. rolling her eyes, She admits it's hard
to keep peace when "the little things can end
tip in big things."

But this "regular home style living" is gulti’
possibly CHARLEE's best feature. say the
lsaacsons. Other service organizations work
in “parent shifts." turning parenthood into a
9-5 job. But these incomplete services do
not offer enough social cohesion. and make
the kids still feel like they are a burden. The
lsaacsons feel CHARLEE care parents play
an active part in every facet of the child's life.
Both have quit their old jobs to dedicate their
full attention to the program. “We run a
film“: 3!: act like a family,"says Bill. Blll

It“ . “It take: special people to
dothil.ft'aanalgo:nfycciingwh¢natdd
wattntttudoorforyoutocomchomeand

,rrgafﬂ #433. v v.3}. . I t

» \l
... ..¢‘m~._.... .J. . . . ..

 

m.“ .! ﬁnd .

 

 

 

The teenagers are given chores for the
duration of their stay and told what's ex-
pected of them. Two “youth Workers" live
with the children during the week. two more
on weekends. Some of them have college
educations. others don't. What they share.
according to Rogers. is “a love and real
dedication to children."

 

ogers office is .i small. plain affair.

entry despite its view of a barren lot

and the highway overpass. She
earned her Masters in social work from
Aiironii Slate. and has been the Sheliet's
coordinator since July of 1980. Since then.
she's seen a lot of changes. and a lot of pro-
blems.

“Our operating expenses are more than
we've ever projectt‘rl." she says. “The
number of kids has really increased. while
Federal programs. especially in food. are he-
iiig cut back." The Shelter has been
operating at full capacity since October. ac-

elethon Co-ithairs Beth Sexer and

Greg Karl. say CHARLEE was

picked because SUNYA could help
not only through financial support. but also
-through social and emotional iiileraction.
Telethon planned recreational activities for
the children while providing money for the
program's expansion, That meant bowling
trips. movies. holiday parties and other
related activities designed to ease some of
the burden of entertainment from the house
parents.

Tonight. culminates a year's effort of
carefull planning and organizing for Telethon
'82, This year. SUNYA has decided to sup-
port a model that is “not based on clinical
treatment or on institutionalized correction.
but rather on restoring-and in sortie cases
providing"anormal. healthy familylife. l l

. first break just last weekend when only five

 

   

tually having to turn kids away. and had its

   
     

kids were being housed.

Rogers' thoughts turn to Telethon. as she
anticipates what the Shelter's slice of the pie_
will mean for the coming year, “Already our
figures are higher than at the same tinre last
year. Telethon is a godsend. We couldn't do

     
     
   
       
     
     

I
n

5

En?

"an.

no
I
N
' I
, “i Runaways and pushed-aways find their way to the Project Equinox, YOUth
"l
-i
I
~ I
l

Shelter in Albany's South End. At left is Joan Rogers. coordinator of the shelter,
standing In front of the former convent. Below. counselor Dottie Roberts works
with a teenager who arrived at the shelter at 3 am. Project Equinox (above, their '
offices on Lark Street) includes the shelter. the Refer Switchboard on Central
Avenue. and a drug abuse counselling canton -

-
I.

what we lir'Kl planned (it WIIliUlil it "
lingers also remembers what Telethon
staff members have been doing all year
'roiiiiil. lending support and manpower.
especially in terms of entertaining the kids.
'l‘elethon had to shift gears this year to deal
with older kids. taking them bowling. to the
movies. and to parties throughout the year.
“Survival of the program is the best gift
anyone can give us. It's important that a
university group can do so much for one .

 

agency.
"I think
thing " l l

A CelebratiOn of Us All
’l'lr‘Lli’l'llllrI' "' "

_
fin: 12M” SUNYA Station ' blah- University of New t'nrk at Albany
1-100 Washington Avenue 0 Albany. New York 12222

that's .i pretty llUliit‘titltltlS‘

  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
   

In a few hours the Telethon '82 sign hanging above the backdrop in the Cam—
pus Center ballroom will go up in lights. The 24 hours of student entertainment
will soon begin.

Those are the facts.

But there's a lot more about Telethon l'm not so sure about. and a lot that l
can't condense into one of our neatly packaged speeches.

Everybody wants to know about the money. My co-chair Greg and l haven't
talked alot about how much money we'd like to raise. Of course. 1 would like to
3 reach at least last year's figure of over $45,000. but if we come a few thousand
dollars short. 1 will still consider Telethon a success.

Marlene. chair of Telethon '80. called me several nights ago with a few words of
encouragement. “Don't worry about the money." she said. "Just have fun."

And i will. I may not know the tote board figure now. at least 30 hours before
that board is uncovered. but 1 know that SUNYA and the community won't let us
down.

So. on to the fun part. And that belongs to all of us. Whether you're on stage
performing, off stage working. or in the audience. you're in the middle of all the

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

excitement that is Telethon.
' That is important. And the children we are helping. they are the most impor-
tant.

i am not so sure that the time an act goes on or the number of people who
watch that act matters. it's the time and effort devoted to creating a successful
Telethon that counts.

When Telethon staff chose this year's theme. "A Celebration of Youth." Greg
and l were pleased. It had that optimistic. cheery outlook that we wished
everyone could share. -'

Tonight my parents and sisters will be here to join in the celebration. My friends
who have graduated are returning. For those who remember Telethon as a
special experience. this weekend is the perfect time for a reunion. Greg -- he just
wants to survive the weekend. i know he'll do just great. As for me. like i said,

there’s just no way to say it all. . g
chth A. Song. _ ,
” ' ohms-l  (ﬁ  ii UM,
tiru. rrin " h'na gﬁl as wan b. a trim;

ﬁd;)§i‘§*;i‘l‘":l flh ' J"- 2 ‘.

 

 

  ..,.v..... ..
' lL‘lt 1:5 noiblit‘b.
Vlﬁs‘c " f‘ l

r .

   

.. m... _
Haw...

.‘ '7 4 .. .‘ci'm

  

   

 

 

D
t _r,..

 

 

. ..._..._.._.._._..M..-. , . _., a»-.. ..,_..........i.~..._.,.t..............

 

