 

-.—-:un- w—t—r»r' >-

.w,. ..

 

 

Sports

 
     

OCTOBER I2, I982

Netmen capture fourth straight SUNYAC title

 

By Randy Roth
STAFF WRITER

if the real mark of a sports powerhouse is
not the ability to capture a championship.
but to do so again and again, then Albany
State’s mens tennis team deserves to be
regarded as a veritable dynasty.

For the fourth successive year and the
sixth time irt the last nine seasons. the
Danes came out on top at the annual
SUNYAC championships. held Friday and
Saturday in Rochester, taking tlte team title
by compiling 35 points. thnner-up
Binghamton amassed only 24.

“i knew that otrr team was strong
enought but we hadn‘t been playing
especially well so far this season." said
Albany coach Bob Lewis. "i felt this was
one of our strongest teams though. and we
were really able to put it all together irt tltis
tournament. l'm very proud. We did a real-
ly good job."

That's an understatement irrtlced. the
Danes so thoroughly dominated play that
out of the 28 matches played they won an
astonishing 27. taking all six singles titles
and two of the three doubles events irt the
process.

Playing in the first flight for Albany.
Barry Levine advanced to the finals wltere
he easily disposed of the University of lluf-
falo's Russ Tringali. 6-3. 6-3. Last year Tr-
ingali had been the torrrnaments fourth seed
and defeated Levine. who had been ranked
first. This year the roles were reversed and it
was the second seeded Levine who emerged
the victor. For Levine. it was his first

SUNYAC title. despite three trips to the
finals in the past.

“i didn't want to leave here without win-
ning an individual title," said Levine. a
senior who will be graduating in May.

"Taking the team championship makes it
that mtrch nicer."

in the secortd flight finals. Albany's Fred
Grabcr also defeated a player from Buffalo.
6-0. 6-l. Gaber had suffered a knee injury

  

 

 

  

 

 

 

DAVE ASHERUPS

The varsity men's tennis remained SUNYAC champion for a fourth consecutive
year winning 27 at the 28 matches played In Rochester.

earlier in the year and as a result mrssed
many of his matches prior to the totrrna-
ntent. But evidently the injury did not
hamper his play and Graber captured his
fourth consecutive SUNYAC clrampion-
ship. That tics in record. held by Paul
Feldman. formerly of Albany, who won his
four tournaments from 1975 to 1978.

Rob Karen, a junior who had previottsly
won two SUNYAC championships also ad-
ded another title to his list of ac-
complislrments. but not without a struggle.
His opponent. Bingltamton’s Patti Ter-
zano. took the first set 6-2 attd Karen was
forced to buckle down and play determined
tennis to win the next two sets. 6-4. 6-2.

Likewise. Albany's Dave Ulrich also crt-

countcre'd diffictrlty it] his match and was
extended to three sets before his opponent

strccutnbcd. 6-2. 4-6. 6-2. it was Ulrich‘s sc-
cortd SUNYAC title.

lnvincibly. the Albarty machine won built
the 51b and 6th flight matches rather ltattdi-
ly. Lawrence liicltctt. a senior who decided
to sit out his sophmorc anti junior sctlsotts

’al’ler winning a SUNYAC title his freshman

year. defeated litu'ry (ioldbcrg of Binghar‘n-
ton in fifth flight play. 6-0. 6—3. Dave
Lerner. the sixth flight champion. won his
fourth consecutive SUNYAC crown by

scores of 2-6. 6-3. 6-3.

in the dotrblcs competition. Albany cx-
perienccd similar success. The combination
of Lerner and Ulrich downed Binghamtott's
Eric Eicholz and Jirrr Clark ill the second
flight doubles final. 6-1, 6-0. while the
11>

Owls conquer Danes in dramatic finish, 16- 13

 

By Marc Has’pel
seams Ell/TO

in a single instant Saturday afternoon on
University Field. euphoric celebration turn-
ed into devasling sorrow. With just 25
seconds left in the game. the Albany State
Great Danes were spiritually uplifted after a
dramatic comeback scoring drive had put
them in front by three points all but assur-
ing them off a victory over the Division it
Southern Connecticut State College Owls.
But victory was not meant to be as the
Danes painfully witnessed Owl Steve Com-
pitello’s 89-yard kickoff return steal the vic-
tory right from under their hands. l6-l3.

ironically. the senior Owl runningback
(and team punter) ran back the second of
two Albany kickoffs after the ﬁrst one was
redone because of a Dane offsides penalty.
On the second fateful kick, Dane kicker
Tom Lincoln sent a long high boot deep in-
to Owl territory. but weak pursuit on the
left side of the field allowed Compitello
with just the help of a few blocks to scoot
down the sideline untouched for the
touchdown.

“We changed the return set-up to what
we used to do because we thought that they
(Albany) would kick it differently. But they
didn't." said Compitello. "All i thought is
to run and run and that nobody was going
to catch me."

What make this loss a heart-breaker was
that the Danes had just reclaimed the lead
two players earlier. Halfback John
Dunham busted into the end zone to cap a
59-yard scoring drive that originated with
defensive back Jim Collins interception
with 2:l4 left to play.

Quarterback Tom Pratt. who completed
ten passes for as yards, hit Dave Soldini for
short yardage. Then. after the Danes called
a failed draw play to Patrick Harrison. who
gained 73 yards on the day. Albany received
a break when pass interference was assessed
against Southern Connecticut advancing
the hall across midfield and giving Albany 11

first down. A second Owl penalty in the
secondary moved the ball to the Southern
Connecticut 39-year line.

Pratt tltcn hit tight end .lay Ennis along
the sideline and. on the following two
plays. scanrpered for 15 years on his own
bringing the ball to Southern Connecticut’s
18-yard line. A play later. with just 30
seconds on the clock. Pratt found Pete
Marlo on the Owl five-yard line setting up
the touchdown pitch to Dunham a few
seconds afterwards.

“We came together when we needed it.“
said Pratt who showed great poise as be
lead the Danes in that last drive. “it was a
descriptive effort of our character on of-
fense. especially our line."

The lead changed hands several times
throughout the contest. A 35-yard field
goal off the foot of Owl kicker Dale
Goodknight aceountcd for all the scoring in
the ﬁrst halfof play. The Danes had one ex-
cellent chance to score when they marcltcd
down to the Southern Connecticut one-year
line. but, on fourth and goal. defensive end
.lerry Webb sacked Pratt to end the threat.

The lead shifted to Albany early in the se-
cond half. After a 39-year field goal by
Goodknight failed. the Danes took the ball
over at their own 22-yard line. Pratt handed
to Soldini for four yards. then threw to
Dunham for eight more. The next call was
one that has been very successful for
Albany in recent games and it worked. at
this moment. to perfection against the
Owls. it was a draw play to Harrison and
the sophmorc back found a giant gaping
whole racing for a 55-yard gain that
brought the ball to the Owl 16-yard line.
Fittingly. after four plays moved the bull to
Southern Connecticut's two-yard litre. liar-
rison bolted into the end 1.0m: for the score.
Lincoln's kick was good and the Danes lead
7-3.

Albany wasted another good opportunity
when a long strap went sailing over the head
of punter Corttpitcllo and Dane Scott Loch

  

pounced on the ball well into Owl territory.
But a crucial clipping penalty on a pitch to
Dunltarn helped negate the Danes' scorirtg
chance.

The Owls took back the lead late in the
fourth quarter. On first and ten near mid-
field Pratt flipped a costly pitch to Soldini.
The ball bounced off of the hallback's
hands rolling behind him as the Owls
recovered on the Albany 30-yard line.

Southern Connecticut put their halfback
Mike Newton and fullback Dave Schmidt
into action. The duo took turns carrying the
ball to the Albany ten-yard line setting the

 

 

scene for a critical fourth and inches play.
Owl head coach Kevin Gilbride decided to
let his quarterback Jirrr Sirignano keep the
ball on that play and the sophmorc signal-
caller got the first down.

A controversial defensive holding call
against Albany brought the ball to the ﬁve-
yard line but Kerry Taylor was thrown for
a big ten-yard loss. However. Sirignano hit
Taylor to bring the ball back to the original
litre of scrimmage and then bootleggcd the
ball in himself for the touchdown.
Goodknight‘s kick split the up—rights mak-

1 3 >

 

DAVE ASHER UPS
The Danes were shocked Saturday alternoon on University Field when a last so-
cond kickoll return beat them 18-13 to spoil their perfect record.

  

VOLUME LXIX

 

ALBA Y
STUD NT
PRESS

October 15, 1982

NUMBER 29

Man charged with 3 public lewdness crimes

 

By Gina Abend

An 18 year old Colonic man was
arrested by University Police October 6 and
charged with three counts of public
lewdness occurring at the lake area behind
lndian Quad. These are three of seven
reported incidents of males exposing
themselves on the SUNYA uptown campus
since the beginning of this semester.

According to police reports. Kenneth K.
Moro of 64 Washington Ave.. Colonic. ex-
posed himself arid began to masturbate in
front of a ferttalc SUNYA student near ln-
dian Pond on September 25. The woman
told police that Moro drove up the pond
road and sleppctl ottt of his car wearing a
t-shirt and shorts. lie was perspircd and ex-
plairrctl he had just competed iii a track
meet. Suddenly he ptrllcd down his shorts
and began ttrrrsturbating. Police said the
woman immediately reported the incident.

Moro is also charged with two almost
identical incidents occurring on October 3
and S. The descriptions of the mart coincid-
ed. Moro is of medium height and build
illtd has browrt hair and eyes. and was wear-
ing jogging attire. Police said tltcy were able
to identify Moro through the clear descrip-
tions they were given.

Moro was arrested while standing alone
at the lakeside and confessed then. The ar-
resting officers dcscribcd him as "embar-
rassed." “Male exposers often seem glad
when they‘re caught and are usually timid
men.” said a high-ranking Public Safety of-
ficial. "Exposing oneself is sometimes a
syrrrptom of a psychological problem."

 

T'Séem glad When , 
IheY’Fe caught: and are  V
usuallxtint  men.” '

 

The female students involved in these
types of incidents often wait a few hours
before nqtifying the police if they choose to
notify them at all. according to police
records. Police said this makes apprehen-
sion of these offenders quite difﬁcult.

University Police said women have had
varied behavior reactions after being in-
volved in exposure incidents. Many were
deeply offended and very embarrassed.
others were not.

in Septetnber. tltrec female SUNYA
students reported being involved in an ex-
posure episode but “waited six hours
before calling the police because we fclt enr-
harmsst and we didn't know what to
say." One of the three women said “many
people wouldn't consider this a form of sex»
ual ltarrassrrrettt just because there was no
verbal cotnrnrrnicatiorr. People should

dcrstand that it really is harassment."
me also emphasized “that any victims
should call the police immediately. Don‘t
be afraid to appear stupid!"

Desole believed “that incidents of males
exposing themselves is not a benign situa-
tion." Site felt that women should be aware
of the many resources available. and how to
use them. She suggested self-defense
workshops for women in order to learn ap-
propriate behavior when faced with a situa-
tion such as a male exposing himself.
"Women should feel hopeful that help is
available to them. They should be informed
in order to prepare themselves." She
pointed out that “male exposure should be
taken seriously because it can be a disturb-
ing experience for many young women. and

Moro appeared in Albany i’olice (‘ourt
last Wednesday and his trial was postponed
to October 28. Moro faces a maximum
sentence of one year on each of the three
charges.

in what appears to police as a separate
and unrelated incidcrtt. a female SUNYA
student was walking in thc Commissary
area near Fuller Road on October 6. when a

man in a car stopped to talk to her and their
allegedly exposed himself. After reporting
the license plate number to the Public Safe-
ty Departman “action is pending." accor-
ding to Public Safety reports.

According to police statistics. exposure
episodes on campus are reported approx»
imately fifteen times per year. lirom l97ii to
l9iil. tlterc were 52 reports of public

lewdness on campus. More exposure in- can have severe consequences." She said

cidents occur during the last spring and car—

. ly fall. while less occur dtrrirrg the winter.

Assistant Director of Public Safety Jolrrt
iicnighan and the Director of Affirmative
Action (ilotia Dcsolc both noted that a
campus cormmrnity with a large population
of young women may inspire lewd
belrttvior.

that some young women may now be hesi-
tant to go to the lakeside. or even to the
library. “When these incidents have art
adverse impact on women to be studiers or
workers. then it is the responsibility of the

institution to take aetiorr.“
According to the Penal Law of tire State
7)

 

SA polling place lawsuit heard before court

 

By Beth Brinser
smrr mum:

SUNYA’s student plaintiffs brought their lawsuit regar-
ding SA's proposed on-campus polling place to the New
York State Supreme Court of Albany County Thursday.

The students. represented by SA attorney Mark Mishler,
are suing the Board of Elections and Election Commis-
sioners Raymond Kinley (R) and George Scaringe (D) for
the right to vote on campus.

“1 know how (the decision) should go." said Mishler.
“because the law is clearly on our side.“

.ludge George Cobb ofCatskill is due to render a decision
within the next few days. Cobb was unavailable for com-
ment.

SA President Mike Corso believes Cobb may be inclined
to be more objective towards the case since he is from Cat-
skill. an area outside of the Albany area.

Tire suit has been brought about by SUNYA students
who are registered to vote in Albany County yet find it dif-
ficult to do because of the distance of polling places from
the campus.

Tltc city division line between Albany and (ittilderland
has caused students on Statc anti (‘olonitrl Quads to vote in
Ward l5 of Albany‘s Third District. whilc Dutch anti lndian
residents vote in the (iuildcrltrnd district ofAlbanv County.

The basis of the studcrrts' lawsuits lics irr the fact that the
Election Laws allows rro more than 950 registered voters iii
a voting district.

'l‘itcr'c at'c |.7l() voters rcgtstct tsd itr Ward l5 and l.tll5
voters in tire (hrilderlantl voting district. lloth of these
figures violate the quotas.

William Conboy of tire Albany County Attorney's Office
representing the Board of Elections and its Commissions

said, “Our position is that the time element makes it very
difficult (to do anything)"

“Any changes now,“ Conboy said. “might result in
substantial voter confusion and subsequent disenfranchise-
ment."

Mishlcr said the defense “did not come up with any
specific reasons why it's too late. it is our sense. it's not too
late. All they need to do is pull the cards with an address
listed as 1400 Washington Avenue."

The request for on-campus polling places is "not
necessarily consistent with the one titan one vote law" said
Conboy.

Conboy continued to say that the request "may result in
a district of 2000" voters.

However, that is not the request. The request is for two
separate polling places for each of the two districts accor-
ding to Mishler.

it has been nOch that any election district may be
established for the convenience of the students. The inac-
cessibility of both the polling places to students has been
cited for the cause of low voter turnout in the l98l elections.

Jeanne Buckley of Colonial Quad is a plaintiff because
this still is supposed to guarantee students their right to
VOlL'.

“i don't understand what the hassle is.’
“if it is going to encourage people to vote."

Another plaintiff is Lauren J. Walter of Dutch Quad.
She hopes this suit will “set a prcccdcrtt to help improve the
student voting block."

if the judge's decision is contrary to the plaintiff‘s rc-
quest, there will be an appeal, according to Mishlcr.

Misltlcr said that if the appeal is not favorable. another
suit will be filed next year at tut earlier time in the
i i

said ilucklcy,

scritestct'.

 

 

WILL vunth ups
ﬁfmsldent Mike Corso
Believes [Ill/gt! will 01' objective.

 

   

 

 

