Gamayei elected president

Belmi, Lebanon

(AP) Amin Gernayel. a Christian elected with a strong

show of Moslem support. became president today as U.S., 

French and ltalian peacekeepers hurried back to Beirut
following the slaughter of hundreds of Palestinian
refugees.

About two hours before Gemayel was sworn into the

post that was to have been ﬁlled by his slain brother,
Bashir Oemayel. a blast gutted a huge dump where the

Lebanese army had stored rockets conﬁscated from PLO
strongholdsvin west Beirut. Prosecutor-Genral Assaad Oer-

manos announced.

The Defense Ministry said a shell went off while being
unloaded from an army truck. and this caused Katyusha

rockets and other ammunition in the dump to explode.
Twenty—eight passersby were injured in the explosion

   
 

Women return Thursday

The Returning Women Students group is gearing up
for this semester» with meetings. next Thrusdsy and
Friday In the Campus Center Assembly Hall. All retur-
ning students are welcome.

Experience $1,200 politics

 

 

aﬁ

##—

M5;

Provocative talks held

ﬁ

Provocative discussiom on two of the world's ho,
spots will be taking place in the next few days_

The ﬁrst. co-sponsored in part by the African and
Afro-American department at SUNYA. is a day-long
symposium on United States foreign policy in
Southern Africa. it happens today from 94:30. at the
Cultural Education Center, rooms A and C. in the
Empire State Plaza.

On Tuesday. R. Burt Bloom and Stanley Ringel
both of whom recently returned from Beirut, wili
relate their accounts of the war there.

it is sponsored by Hillel and will begin at 8:30 in LC

F.D.Fi. arrives today

WCDBscelebrates boost to

100 watts with podium party

By Mark Hammond
NEWS sir/ma

WCDB flipped the switch to 100 watts
yesterday to the cheers of a podium packed
with students and faculty who seemed to
appreciate all the effort behind the long-
awaited wattage boast.

The moment culminated three years of
FCC hassles and bureaucratic tape.

Following short speeches by SA Presi-
dent Mike Corso and Dean of Student Af-
fairs Neil Brown, WCDB Generral
Manager Rick Francolini took the stage.

With a beaming smile. Francollni thank-
ed cveryonc who contributed to the power
increase and, at about i p.m.. gave his cue
to ignite “Albany's ncw pOWcr."

Girls danced in small circles and lines

give away over loo albums and posters, a
new $650 JVC stereo and a $260
Motebecane bvicycle.

The boast to 100 watts will mean
WCDB's programming will reach a 15-50
mile radius. At lo watts, the signal often
died in downtown Albany. But during a
summer test at too watts. a listener in Benn-
ington. Vt. phoned in to ask who the new
station was. '

Yesterday was the triumph of a three year
stalemate with the FCC. after it mandated
that all collage radio stations cound not
broadcast at less than 100 watts. While
WCDB ﬁled for an increase right away. so
did WRUC of Schenectady - close

‘neighbors on the radio dial. Also.
ll0.000-watt WRPl ﬁled a complaint with

SEPTEMBER 24, 1982 El ALBANY STUDENT PR3

x..-- n—

     
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
    
   
  
 
  
     
  
 

The Franklin Delano Roosevelt traveling museum. at
«Hoot trailer packed with memorabilia from the
F.D.R. era. will be on campus today from to am l05

quickly formed for free beer and pizza as ""3 FCC rearing interference 11’13"“ ﬂ
WCDB blasted the Velvet Uttdcrground's lm'wa" WCDB-
“Rock and Roll"! The FCC was bombarded with

 
  
  

hear the Sin el-Fil residential neighborhood of Christian-
dominated east Beirut. Germanos told reporters. Christian
‘ . radio stations listed the names of 38 people they said were

 

l.
.i
i;
i

wounded.

Three-hundred French paratroopers were expected to ar-

rive by sea in Beirut later today as the advance unit of a

Lilli-man force reassigned to Beirut to protect its civilian

population in the aftermath of the massacre last week.
lsrael. which invaded Lebanon June 6 to rout the

Palestine Liberation Organization. blamed the massacre on

its Lebanese Christian Phalangist militia allies. lsracl

claims they wanted to avenge the Sept. l4 assassination of

President—elect Bashir Gemayel. younger brother of the
new leader.

lsraeli Defense Minister Ariel Sharon. who ordered his
forces into west Beirut following Gemayel's death. said

Thursday no lsraeli soldier or commander took part in the

three-day massacre at the Chatilla and Sabra camps last
week.

He told angry legislators during a debate in the lsraeli
Parliament or Knesset that the army helped plan and sup-
port a Phalangist militia raid into the camps to ﬂush out
PLO guerrillas believed hiding there. but never expected
“in our darkest dreams" the massacre of civilians.

Estimates of victims range from 300 by the U.S. govern-
ment to 1.400 by the PLO. As of Wednesday. the conﬁrm-

ed toll was 293.

Neighborhood quarantined

San Salvador. El Salvador
(AP) The army quarantined a mud-cavered neighborhood
strewn with rotting corpses following the disastrous llood
which claimed at least 313 lives there.

interior Ministry spokesman Orrego Candray. explaining
the army‘s action. said Wednesday that the decomposing
bodies in the Montccello neighborhood had caused an out-
break of a viral infection known as parvovirosis.

Red Cross spokesman Jorge Ribera said a center had
been set up to vaccinate and treat troops and relief
workers who were still pulling victims from the mud.

The area was the hardest hit by the flash ﬂoods that kill-
ed at least 63l people nationwide during four days of lot»
rential rains. it was the country's worst natural disaster
since a I965 earthquake. Sixty-one more bodies were pull-
ed from the muck Wednesday.

Prayer proposal killed

Washin lo . .
(AP) The Senate dealt Sen. Jesse Helms. R-N.C.g. anproD— C
ccdutal blow today that signaled the almost certain defeat
of his campaign to push school prayer legislation through
the Senate this year.

The Senate voted 51—48 to table—and thus kill-a pro-
posal regarded a providing Helms the closest he could get
to a record vote on the prayer issue.

The proposal would have sent back to the Senate
Finance Committee the debt ceiling bill to which several
amendments were attached. The committee would have
been told to recycle the bill and return it—with all but the
prayer amendment removed—for ﬁnal Senate action.

Helms already had lost four attempts to choke off a
liberal ﬁlibuster against the prayer proposal, including one
whet today. and the tabling vote sounded the death knell
{or the prayer issue.

The tabling vote apparently broke what Majority Leader
Howard Baker. R-Tenn.. had called a “legislative

gridlock" over school prayer. when it appeared Wednesday
that the Senate was willing neither to kill the Helms
amendment nor to halt the ﬁlibuster against it.

Rebels release 21 hostages

San Pedro Sula. Honduras
(AP) The release of 2i hostages from the chamber of com-
merce building where leftist rebels still hold 60 wealthy
men has raised hopes that more might be freed yesterday.

 

The deadline for one of the few Opportunities to
really experience politics—instead of simply sitting in a
classroom—is rapidly approaching.
it‘s the New York State Senate Student Program

 

    

that gives juniors and seniors a chance to work full-
time at the Capitol. get full credit and a Sl.200 stipend.
Most students who go through the program. give it
nothing short of raves.

For more information and applicaton forms. con-
tact Dr. Joseph Zimmermn in the Graduate School of
Public Affairs, at 4574785.

Library lectures listed

Bruce Bouchard. a director from the Capital Repor-
tory company. will talk about his group's upcoming
season at the Main Albany Public Library on
Washington Avenue, between Lark and Dove, next
Tuesday at l2:15. The program is free and coffee will
be served.

Also at the library next Thursday at 8 pm. is the ﬁrst
in a series of video art progams. featuring work by
local artists Chris Burden, Bill Viola. Tom DeWitt and
Dean Winkler. Admission is free.

the president's spokeman says.

No reason was given for the hostage release late
Wednesday, but a government spokesman who requested
anonymity denied any deal was struck with the guerrilla
gunmen.

Ofﬁcials said government pressure forced the rebels to
reduce demands in exchange for the release of the two
Cabinet ministers and 58 prominent businessmen still im-
prisoned in the cordoned-off building. The crisis entered
its sixth day yesterday.

. “i think that what happened Wednesday cheers us and
gives us hope that tomorrow the liberation of another large
quantity of hostages can be produced." said Amilcar San-
tamaria. spokesman for President Roberto Suazo Cordova.

Santamaria said the guerrillas had dropped demands that
US. military advisers be ousted from Honduras and that
the nation repeal its so~callcd anti-terrorism law.

Massacre investigated.

_ New York, N. Y.
(AP) Four American Jewish groups and former Vice Presi-

would be “an afﬁration that a dem '
ready for a full and free investigfation to put accusations
to rest or ﬁx responsibilities." The two groups have a
combined membership of l00.000.

fRabbi Roland. B. Gttelsohn. president of the Association
0 Reform Ztontsts of America. said an investigation was

an “urgent necessity to establish the truth and
. ~ . ‘
1hr;1 credibility of the government of lsrael " 0 “Slow
ondale. campaigning in Lon . '
I . g island. outside New
York Ctty. said. "if you don't have a dispassionate in-
quiry. there are gomg to be all kinds of unresolvable u l
rumors." ' ' a y'
Mondale. who said he is considering whether to seek the
l984 Democratic presidential nomination, said. “it is in
the interest of all of us to sort out the facts so t

. hat we can
draw conclusions that are responsible."

rr--———~_....>Hu..-v_uwhwmmuwoswis‘murIMerx" a . w e w n  ~

m.

included in the exhibit are various artifacts.
photographs and letters from the Roosevelt Library,
along with campaign posters and buttons from
F.D.R.’s four successful presidential bids.

The museum will be parked on the cobblestone wall.
near the ﬂagpole on the Washington Ave. .sidc of the
campus. Admission is free.

Insure your health

 

 

 

All students who want health insurance must obtain
coverage on a voluntary basis this year—insurance will
not be on the student bill as has been the case in the

.past.

The $95 annual fee provides cov'cragc whether care
is needed on or off-campus. Coverage for this year will
last ttntil September 4. l983. Prescription drugs are in-
cluded in the coverage.

For more inormation. stop at Room l0]. Student
Health Center. or call the insurance ofﬁce at 459-1850.

Officer goofs in courtroom

Scull/v
(AP) As a Seattle police ofﬁcer stepped forward in a cour-
troom to be placed under oath for testimony. Judge
Rosscllc Pckclis noticed he was chewing gum.

Not wanting to embarrass him. the judge said softly.
“Would you just put your gum in the basket?" and
pointed to a nearby wastcbaskct

"in the basket?" the ofﬁcer asked.

"Yes, in the basket." the judge said.

“There's garbage in there." he said.

“Yes. I know." she said.

With a shrug. the puzzled ofﬁcer unsnappcd his holslcr
and began to remove his revolver.

“i think he thinks you mean his gun instead of his
gum." King County Superior Court BailiffNanvy Hit-ix
whispered to the judge.

Ms. Pckclis clariﬁed her request—after laughter from
the jury box died down—and the trial continued.

The Scatttle Times. which published the story Wellnes-
day, did not identify the ofﬁcer.

Brink's trial resumes

New City. N. l-
(AP) A pretrial hearing in the Brink's robbery-murder cast
was resumed today with Justice Robert J. Stolarik rcscrv-
ins decision on whether to dismiss state charges against
one of the six defendants, Nathaniel Burns.

Kenneth Gribetz. the Rockland County district attorrtc)‘.
had ﬁled a motion Thursday to dismiss the case againSI
Burns or what he called strategic reasons.

Stolarik did not indicate when he would rule on the mo-
llon. WhICh. if granted. would still leave Burns facing
federal charges growing out of the same holdup.

Bums. 36. remained absent from the court by choice
and in a statement read by his lawyer declared: “l W011“
like to make it clear that i make no distinction between the
State of New York and the US. government in pro-
mulinl this matter."

He reitereatcd that he considered himself a Prisoner of
2"“- camutt-“d in a war of black liberation and that he is

“ ill“ Person: a righteous person."

 

“We’ve come a long way from the
janitor's closet in - what was it - Brubachcr
Hall." Francolini said from the stage. He
went on to cncourdagc students to stop at
WCDB and get involved. “it's your radio
station, you pay for it."

All the beer was drunk and the chccrs
mellowed into words of praise; it's back to
broadcasting as usual for the student
operated. non-commercial radio station.
But tltc celebration will continue on the air
covering the next six weeks as WCDB wil

requests.” said Francollni. "it took them
one and a half years alone to gather infor-
mation and to do engineering studies. Ob-
viously it was not a high priority item for
them."

Past WCDB managers sojourncd to
Washington D.C. to make their requests
known to the FCC. Meanwhile. WRUC
agreed to move its position on the radio
dial. eliminating any possible interference.
The FCC denied WRPl's grievance. term-
ing arty possible interference "negligible."

 
 

LOIS MATTABONI UPS

General Manager Rick Francollnl and Promotion Director Fred Plevln
Thursday was one of the brighlesl days in WCDB history.

Early last summer. WCDB was granted
the loo—watt license. “but we wanted to
wait until school was in scssion."cxplaincd
Francolini.

About l50 students ltclp operate the sta-
tion. located on the third ﬂoor of the cunt-

pus center. Between 1963-75. the campus
radio existed as WSUA-AM. in l978. it
swithchcd to 91 on the FM dial and became
WCDB.

The future of WCDB? Perhaps Dcan
Neil Brown sutnmcd it up best: "i wonder
when we'll go to l0.000."

Local bars frown upon new state drinking age

 

By Steve Gosset
EDITORIAL xssrsrer

Bars and clubs frequented by university
students have denounced the upcoming law
that will hike in the drinking age to 19. say-
ing that it is discriminatory and will not
solve the problem of teenage drunk driving.
which the law is designed to curb.

“The student away from home who is 18
and wants to come into a drinking
establishment. should be allowed to. in my
eyes." said Nick Huber. owner of Sneaky
Pete’s in Loudonville.

 

 

 

By Denise Knight
STAFF WRITER

—As the dust from the primaries settlcs.
Election Day now looms large. Five student
groups have not forgotten that and are
sponsoring the second annual campus voter
registration drive. So far. 800 SUNYA
students have registered to vote In the
November 2 election. according to New
York Public interest Research Group
(NYPlRG) Spokcswoman .lanc Grecnbcrg,
who is coordinating the drive.

The Student Associtation (SA). the 
dcnt Association of State Universities
(SASU). the Off-Campus AssOciatton
(OCA), and the Student union (SU) are
.helping NYPlRG with the drive. .

It will continue Monday through Friday

until October 15 in the Campus Center

 
  

Virtually all freshmen and sophmorcs
will be affected by the law whicl A will take
effect December 4. it will make New York
the seventh state since l975 to raise its
drinking age to 19.

“it’s not going to stop accidents. 19 isn't
far from 18." a manager who did not want
to be identiﬁed. at Sutter’s. across from the
SUNYA uptown campus observed.
“Teenagers are still going to be able to
drink if they really want to." she said.

“i think it is grossly unfair," said
Washington Tavern’s owner. Mike Byron.

Main Loby. between 10:00 to 3:00. in addi~
tion. door-to-door quad sweeps are taking
place through next Friday. Last year, 2.400
students were registered. ‘
Two years ago. NYPlRG won a lawsuit
filed against the State of New York, claim-
ing that students were disenfranchised when
they were denied the right to vote in their
college communities. Students have stncc
been aIIOWed to change their voting district.
"The bottom line." according to
Greenberg. "was that students were being
denied the right to vote in the college com-
munity where they live. eat. sleep. and
drive." As a result. lawsuits were ﬁled in
every county and were won in Albany and
Ulster counties. There are currently suits
pending in several more counties. .
“Back in l97l." SASU President Jim

  

He pointed out that ill ycar-olds can “cxer-
cisc many franchises." running the gamut
from driving to getting drafted.

Most bars are resigned to an inevitable
drop-off in business. Estimates ranged
from to to 20 percent. Customers who are
18 are a “signiﬁcant minority" at W.T.‘s.
according to Byron.

Tom Murphy. manager of .the Lamp
Post. notorious for lines that snake‘well
past the door said it should be business as
usual on weekends. “it's during the week
we'll be hurt." Murphy said.

  

    

 

 

Student groups sponsor annual voter drive

Tierney explained. “the New York State
legislature passed a series of residency re-
quirements which stated that students must
use their parent's address when rr-gtstcnng
to vote. Students were being treated like a
minority.”

As a result of those requirements,
students had to vote in their home county
through the absentee balloting process.

“Students are more affected by the out-
come of elections in their city of residence
than in their home towns." Tierney said.
pointing out that students are subject to
criminal laws and trafﬁc ordinances in the
communities where they live. and that they

‘ pay local taxes.

‘ SA President Mike Corso said. “I think
it is extremely important to have students
take part in the political process. especially

To make up for the losses the Lamp Post
is planning on expanding their food of fer-
ings. including a new luncheon menu.

Huber of Sneaky Pete's and others said it
was also possible that a new clientele could
'be attracted that previously might have
been scared away by such a young crowd.

"lt.might compensate." Huber said.

So far most of,tlte;ba_rs here have not b
followed many of‘ th‘cir' counterparts
downstate in already prooﬁng for 19. The
Long Branch. a popular SUNYA hangout.
is one of the few exceptions. asking for 19
on weekends.

The campus Rathskcllar is typical of the
rest. “We intend to enforce the law that
was in effect when the fall started." Cam-
pus Ccntcr dircctor Jim Doellcfcld said.
Once December 4 rolls around. enforce-
ment is not expected to be a problem.
although Byron acknowldgcd that he might
be “more diligent" in checking l.D.’s.

Snufus may develop at place that are also
popular for their food. like Sulter’s. which
according to its manager. is “kind of
loose" presently. She said the underage
students would probably be allowed in to
eat up until a certain time. although no
specific policy has been settled upon.

Docllefcld said that 18 ycar-olds would
be allowed into the Rat snack bar. “because
it is the only place on campus where you
can get something to eat." But he said that
it has not been ﬁgured out how to keep
underage students out of the bar area.

in this present fiscal crisis." Corso is in the
process of working with the County Board
of Elections in an attempt to get a polling
place on campus. However. shuttle buses to
the designated of f—campus polling place will
be provided for students.

Ann Marie LaPorta. SA Vice President.
would also like to see a large student voter
turnout.

“Five thousand votes can swing an elec-
tion. We need someone in the legislature
who's going to ﬁgnt for students. We all
have to realize how much even one vote can
mean."

Tierney agrees. “When students don't
vote. there are easy corners to cut in hard
ﬁscal times. if they (1an
be a miserable year for I
mlng system.” 3* ,4 .f

I

W.’,....._.

    
   
  
   
  
    
   
       
 
 
  
   
 
   
    
  
   
 
    
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
     
  
   
   
  
     
     
  
    

   

.15.

    

 

   
 

