'l' "1» r 

t
It
i

 

trim”

 

«h—«Lw . _.. .0. .  . . .

 

 

i
r

 

OCTOBER 8. I982 

Danes face hard challenge in Division II Owls

 

By Marc Haspel
smmstsmrou 

After seven previous meetings between
his Great Danes of Albany and the Owls of
Southern Connecticut. Albany State head
coach Bob Ford has learned to respect his
team's anntral out-of-state opponent.

He has good reason. In the p'ts'l, Albany
has held the upper hand over the Owls. The
Danes lead the yearly series bettr cm the two
teams with a 5-2 advantage. Bu: tomorrow
Albany will face a very different Owl foot-
ball team. Ranked seventh in the Division II
national polls. the Owls arc undefeated in
I982 with an ittrpressivc 4-0 record.

"I just think it's a great challenge," Ford
said. "Most of us want to play against good
competition to see lrorv we cant do. There's
no doubt that they're good competition."

Last seasotr Albany narrowa defeated
the Owls 13-12. but since then Southern
('onrretticut has not lost a single garrrc.

" They're a Division ll powerhouse.“
said Darte assistant coach Mark Murray.

The biggest difference itr this year‘s ()tvl
team is the emergence of its Witrg f of-
fense. lrnplernerrted by head coach Kevin
Mciitide. the Witrg 'i‘ has gettcratcd 228.4
yards per gttrrre on the ground and I [4 yards
per garrrc ill passing tor a total of 343 yards
per game.

For the ball control o'rrcnted Wing 'l' of-
fense to be effective. a strong fullback is
esserttial. The ()wls have one in fullback
Dave Schmidt. A 5-H) 2(X):pound cannon.
Schmidt is the team‘s top ground gainer
and pass receiver. Irr Southern
Connecticut‘s first four games this season.
Schmidt has carried the ball 59 titncs for
357 yards, and has carrght I8 passes for Us
yards. .

Throwing the ball to Schmidt is
sophomore quarterback Jim Sir-ignauo.
With 37 completions in 75 attempts. this 6-2
IBS-pound gunner lras tossed for 425 pass-
ing yards and a pair of touchdowns. “He‘s
a good runner and a good all-around
quarterback." Murray said.

When Schmidt is not open. Sirignano will
look for his three main receivers: tight end
Travis Tucker and split ends Greg Gilliam
and Curt Pistey.

Pistey had lost the starting quarterback

 

 

Dane senior quarterback Tom Pratt has thrown for 417 yards In 24 completions
of 50 attempts and three touchdowns this season.

job to the sophomore Sirigrrarro earlier in
the season. but rather than keeping the
senior on the bench as a backtrp. Coach
McBride elected to ptrt him at the split end
position‘to take advantage of his good
hands and good speed. “lie can be
dangerous when he gets the bail." Murray
said.

Schmidt is joined in the bagkfield by run-
ningbaeks Kerry Taylor. a starter at year ago
against the Danes; and Mike Newton.

Netters strive for a recovery
after suffering three defeats

 

By Randy Roth
slur-r rvrurER

After their first four matches. the record

indicates that the Albany State women‘s
tennis team is not faring as well as one
might ltave hoped. Though they did
manage to open the season on a favorable
note with a come front behind victory over
Oncorrta. they since have experienced three
consecutive defeats. the most recent being a
6-0 drubbing administered by Vassar on
Tuesday. all this must leave Ilrc faltering
Danes wondering wiretltcr a season which
ottce appeared ftrll of promise will now in-
stead prove to he one dominated by frustra-
tion artd disappointment.

However. it would be premature to label
this year a lost one. The rrrorc experienced
players are expected to be rcsilictlt enough
to recover from the demoralizing early-
scasou losses they have incurred anti the
dcveloptrrcnt of the younger players is still
in progress, with positive rcstrlts expected
from them before the end of the campaign.

Barbara Gilbert and Anne Rapisarda are
two of the yotrrrtter players alltrtlcd to by
Coach Scrbalik as already improving with
each match. In the match with Vassar, both
played notably well.

“Barbara really showed me something.

 

She played some awfully good tennis." Ser-
balik remarked afterwards. “Anne also
played an extremely solid match. She
denrorrostrated that site has a strong
knowledge of the ganrc and a lot of athletic
ability."

in other team related action. the Eastern

(.ollegiate Tournament was held last week
in Iiingharrrtorr featuring players from
teams in the cast. Representing Albany itr
singles play was Joan Phillips while the
team of Sandra liorrcllc atrd Jessica Tread-
way were selected to participate in the
doubles segment of the event. Even though
the tournament is commonly acknowledged
to be exceedingly tough. Albany‘s players
were looking forward to the challenge, ac-
cording to Serbalik.

Neither Phillips nor the iiorrellc-
'i'readway tandem were able to survive the
first round of play. btrt in the first consola-
tion match, Phillips eliminated a woman
from lthaca College. Serbaiik noted that
Phillips. who played exceptionally well on
the day. had the misfortune of drawing tltc
tournament‘s third seed in the opening
round and otherwise might have advattced
much farther titan she actually did.

The Danes continue their season with
matches upstate this weekend. m

another solid back, according to Murray.
In any type of ball control offense. the
offensive line is critical. The Owls have two
outstanding guards cementing their line in
Mike Colrrmbo standing at 6-2 250 and
Kevin Gray measuring in at 6-2 235. Gray is
a candidate for All-ECAC honors and earn-
ed ECAC honor roll for his game against
New York Tech which the Owls won 51-0.
Southern Connecticut’s 5-2 defense has
scored three safeties in their first four

I I:

r . .
$45.1... . t.
“p.17..th Joni» . v.- .: . r
, i

 

 

 

DAVE ASHER UPS

 

games. it is headed by senior co-eaptain
Mike Marshall. A strong safety at 6-2 2I5
pounds. Marshall has tlrrec sacks this
season. “He's great on the pass, great on
the run. he‘s great everywhere." said Mur-
ray. “He's a real threat to block a ptrrrt or
field goal because of his grettt leaping abili-
ty."

The defensive litre is nrarkcd by two
mammottths at the tackle positions.
Sophomore Melvin Wells and junior Chris
Russo both are 6—2 and weigh 255 pounds.
At defensive end is Vatr (‘live Johnson. A
transfer from Division l ('olgate. Johnson
has sacked opposing quarterbacks three
times this season.

Clearly. the Dane offcrrsitc lirtc will hare
its hands fttll with the Southern (.‘ormcc-
ticrrt defensive line. With the exception of
(r-l 255 liob Kitistis. Ilre crttuc Albany iiilt.‘
is trtrder (rt). \vhtlc Soutlrcrn‘s litre rtrcasurt-s
wcll otcr (r-l.

"\VC'I’L‘ goingI to have to otrt-qrrtck
them." said Murray. \_\htr is the offensitt-
litre coach for tire Danes. “They‘re got the
big slow guys and we've got the small quick
guys. It should be an interesting match
tip."

The Dane litre will be looking to protect
quarterback Torn Pratt front harm. i’ralt
has completed 24 of 50 attcrrrpts this season
for 4l7 yards anti three touchdowns. Tight
ctrd Jay linnis leads all Dtrne receivers with
ISO yards in pass receptions on nine passes,
wirile fullback Ptrt Harrison is setting the
Pace for all ground gainers with I71 yards
on 37 carries. irrrrrrediatcly behind him is
John Duttham. the Danes leading scorer
with 24 points and 143 yards on the ground.

Albany is hoping to rcttrrrr to the air after
being partially grounded last week by the
Union Dutclrrrrcn. “They're not a great
pass rush team, they play better against the
rush." Murray commented. “We'd like to
throw the football to neutralize their
superior size."

The Danes will be without the services of
Frank Quinn on defense. Quinn, a standout
in the secondary. had three incrceptiorrs
and l3 unassisted tackles in Albany’s first
three games. He is sidelined with a knee in-
jury he suffered last week against Union.

185

 

 

AMY COHEN UPS

The women's tennis team. which onioyod many winning seasons In their past.
have hit tough times and‘are in jeopardy of having a‘ losing season.

 

 

  

 

Ari

VOLUME LXIX

 

By Laura Nuss

 

SUNYA is rich in cultural diversity. with
students from exotic countries studying
here. This year the school lras an all time
high enrollment of 492 international
students representing over 70 countries.

185 new foreign .
students are registered for 
the fall semester. accor-
ding to Assistant Dean of Feature
Student Affairs. J. Patrl
Ward. 105 are graduate students. 53 tire

‘trndcrgratiuates. and 27 are enrolled in the
Intensive English language itrstitrrtc.

Many foreign students find enormous
contrasts arrtl striking sirrrilartitcs between
the attitudes and actions of people in their
cotrrrlry atrtl ciIi/errs of the United States.

“The people are so talkative here." said
Kyoko Krrrrai, a graduate student from
Japan. “All they do is talk. talk. talk.
maybe too rrrttclr. The people of Japan not
talk ttrttclr. They are much quiet." he said.

Mary Amuge. a graduate student from
Uganda. said that after only fottr weeks in
the U.S.. site has found that Americans are
very easy to trtlk to. “They'll tell you exact-
ly wirat they tlrltrk - l dotr't like this. [don’t
like that." Amuge said.

According to Arrrtrge. “there is an
outstanding distinction between the races.
There is continuous conflict, and an inbuilt
differentiation between color. People are
prejudiced."

For example. “i had trouble finding a.
apartment. i don't know what it is - if they
pretended not to understand me or what.

and that's why i‘m in a dorm."

Amuge has no trouble speaking English.
“Where I come from. Uganda. the official
language is English - British English. of
course." she said.

Ugur Bayar, a native of Turkey. is cur-
rently enrolled in the intensive English
Language Program. Students are required
to attend English classes 25 lrortrs per week.
Tire classes include Grammar. Composi-
tion. Conversation. Reading Comprehen-
sion. and Word Study.

- Bayar. who has been itr the U.S. for one
month. thinks life here “is great." He does

 

Albany police estimated that 30,000

Larkfast II last Saturday afternoon. The unexpectedly large
crowd, which doubled last year's attendance, forced city

.t. IIlIIlJI

EW YORK A T ALfaA

ﬂu“
is. as 

NY BY

   

. o.-

  

Foreign students relate SUN YA impressions

feel. however. that "relations among peo-
plc is cold. in Mediterranean countries.
relations are very close." Bayar said.

For example. Bayar said. "In Ttrrkcy.
people trre concerned about the other per-
son. Every visitor is very inrportatrt. We ap-
preciate otrr visitors. In Turkey we always
say ‘Visitor for God'. When they come. we
let them in and offer them food and
drink."

According to liayar. "in the U.S., if so-
nrcone comes to visit and the person is
sleeping, they will yell. 'Gct out of lrcrc.‘
They are very open. in Ttrrkey. you would

J

 

people flocked to

police to close off Lark and State streets by mid-afternoon.

THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS COR

October 12, 1982

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
  
 

NUMBER 28

get up and get dressed and let them in. in
dorm when i first came. the guys were very
friendly. They knew i was stranger and they
tried to help me." he said.

A wide range of cultural. social. and
edtrcational activities are offered speciﬁcal-
ly for the international students to help
tlrcnr adjust to life in the United States.

There is a four day registration prior to
registration. dtrring which the students are
introduced to the campus. "A tour of the
university. specifically the library. .rcadernic
buildings. and the physical education

11>

LESLIE FRA‘lKIN ASP
The crowd which packed the streets caused few problems,
except for two fighting men who crashed through a pet
store window. See related story on page 7.

 

 

Cuomo endorsed at SASU ActionConference

 

By David Michaelson
smrr li’RlTER

SUNY student government rcprcﬁm-
tatives converged on SUNYA this weekend
to ircar SASU leaders urge them to spur stu-
dent voting and work for pro-education
candidates. it was part of the Fifth SASU
Student Action Conference that also saw
the cndorsenrent of Mario Ctronro for
governor by a newly formed political action
committee.

Tire governor's race was the thrust of the
conference. even thorrglr under state educa-
tion law. the student-funded SASU cannot
participate in partisan political activity. To
get around that SASU helped form the Stu-
dent Political Action Committee (SPAC)
to. as SASU Vice-president. Scott chlcr.
ptrt it. “be the political voice of SUNY
students." SPAC, however, receives no

tnorrcy from SASU. or atry other student
association. Wexler said. chler and SASU
rney are members of the

 

ALAN MENTLE ops
SASU President JLnlLIornoy
Denounced Lehrrmm '5 campaign.

 

board.

Roger Qtrirnby. Deputy Commissioner of
the Office of General Services and official
of the Liberal Party which has long sup-
ported Cuorno. accepted the endorsement.
Quimby was standing in for Carl McCall.
who lost the Democratic primary for
Lieutenant Governor to Alfred Delbello
and was carrrpaignirrg for Cuomo in Buf-
falo.

Quimby cttllctl sttrdcnt support “one of
the nicest things that has happened to
Cuomo." He also denounced Republican
gubernatorial candidate Lewis Lehrnran for
supporting Reagarronrics. which Ire called
"the overriding issue" in the race.

Student leaders have gctrcraliy applaud-
ed Cuorrro on student issues. including his
favoring the rights of students to vote in
their college communities, financial aid to
part-time students. giving students an active
role in formulating the SUNY budget and a
state student loan program.

SASU president Jim Tierney derided
Lchrman at the conference for failing to
“to do his homework" on these issues. “it
is absolutely incredible." Tierney said. that
with the money Lehrnran was spending on
the carnpaigtr (estimates range as high as 9
million dollars), he could "remain totally
ignorant of the isstrcs of the day in any of a
nrtmbcr of areas." SPAC has been told by
the Lchrman camp that the candidate could
not afford to Irirc the necessary staff to
develop positions on those issues.

"Lew Lehrnran can't take tnoncy away
from his foolish television blitz to hire
someone to research issues and do his
homework for him." Tierney said.

Also speaking at the conference was Corr-
gressrrran 'l’cter Peyscr. a Westchestcr
Democrat who is facing a tough reelection

battle in a redrawn district.

l’cyscr. a sponsor of the defeated nuclear
frccze resolution, talked of tire need for stu-
dent irrvolvertrctrt in politics. While he
predicted that student grotrps "soon
be one of the major national forces in this
country in many areas." he acknowledged
that right now participation was low.

Peyscr labeled his contest as a bcliwctlrcr
trf the “viability of students to work for a
candidate and the working pcople."

“If you can turn (low voting) around.
you establish yourself as a real voice to be

reckoned with." he said.

Student leaders have advocated support
of i’eyser. citing his favoring the trimming
of the defense budget. strpport for higher
education and helping to lead for the
nuclear freeze movement in Congress.
Everyone has to work for him. because it
affects everyone here." one stttdent said.

Arrotltcr nuclear-freeze proponent. John
Dow, and a loser in the Democratic con-
gressional prirrrary to long-time incumbent
Sam Stratton. ws scheduled to speak but
did not attend. [I

Student issue awareness expands

The fifth antrtral Ray Glass Student Action

Conference held this weekend on campus

sent students back to their sclroois with new skills and ideas to organize student-related

issues. _
After three days of workshops and speakers

. participants interviewed agreed they had

learned a lot and caught mttch of the energy and enthusiasm characteristic of the

weekend's activities.

Nancy 'i'arr. an SA senator from Oneonta. said.“The workshop on women‘s issues was

especially helpful and informative.

it covered such topics as the future of the Equal

Rights Amendment and sexual harrassment in both college and the workplace."
Randy Zornbcrg. a nrernber on the SA board at the SUNY College of Technology at
Utica. found the Iobbyirrg techniques valuable. Howaver. he disagreed with some of the

specific techniques suggested.

“They take a hard stand. it‘s not worth getting stereotyped as a trouble maker in some

instances."

Another student stated.“The conference has opened up my eyes to a lot of things
especially the potential power of students." However, ire said Ire did not like the idea em-
phasized in many of the workshops of “sweeping change."

Many students were impressed with SUNYA. noting its comparatively high level of

political involvement.

This school’s tnandatory stttdent activity fee of $38.50 per

semester was found to be one of the lowest among the state institutions.
Steve Wagner. SASU member resporrsibie for organizing the gathering, said he wished
more SUNYA people were recruited for the conference.

“We took Albany State sttrderrts a little bit
they were right here."

for granted." he said.“becatrse after all,
Ili-

—i)ttvid Mleiurelsan

         
  
 
   
  
   
     
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
   
     
     
      
    
     
   
     
   
     
  
    
  
 
   
       
  
   
    
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  

   
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 

 

