QM

‘1me OHGH'IO)

mmc~

 

he winds of change are a-watlin' in '

l Musicland. The Establishment of

Rock music totters on total col-
lapse. and maybe. just maybe it could be the
best thing that could possible happen. For
the first time since 1964. Rock music Is
under great pressure to change. and change
It will. As in 1964. the change is ostensibly in
style. but it's really a simple question of'
money. In the Music industry, money talks.
opinion walks.

Robert Schneider

Right now. for most record companies. it's
much more like 1929 than 1964. Where
once the sky was the limit. now most com-
panies are struggling to keep a roof over. their
heads. CBS records. which over the sum-
mer had a whopping 25% of the top 100
albums. has laid off vast numbers of salaried
employees. These aren't loading dockers.
these are vice presidents. Surprisingly, small
labels. usually independent. are surviving.
and even some are thriving. This may have
something to do with their willingness to sign
the less well known groups who surprise
everyone with their success. Along with the
disks. concert promoters are ailing. This past
summer has been called the worst ever for
most concerts. Bands such as Blondie.
Cheap Trick. and John Cougar are drawing
pitifully small crowds. With the first two. this
Is understandable. due to their most recent
releases. A tuba ensemble would draw
more. But John' Cougar has a bona-fide
smash hit, and even he is under-selling.
There are many reasons for these problems.
First. thanks to everyone's favorite cowboy.
students are in poor financial shape. It's hard
to expect people between eighteen and
twenty-five to buy records these days. They
have to waste their money on stupid things.
like food. Also. people are renting albums to
tape. or borrowing them from friends. For
only four dollars. you can buy a top of the
line cassette, and tape 2 albums on it. It Just
doesn't make sense to buy an outrageously
priced album or prerecorded tape. In addi-
tion to being more expensive. prerecorded
tape is of awful quality. People aren't stupid
—— if there's a way to do it cheaper, they will.
The record companies cart scream for blank-
tape royalties all they want. but the fact re-
mains ~-- records are overpriced and rto
stunning ones have been released lately.
Other sources of the industry's woes are two
Strange and diverse little. critters H a llttle
mart jumping over barrels to rescue his '
girlfriend from a giant ape. and a lost, lonely

 

 

 

ed on gimmicks, to one that commanded a

alien. Video games and ﬂashy movies are
draining off billions that would have been
spent on records and concerts.

The music itself It being blamed for the
sorry state of things. In 1982, American
youth culture ls mired in the 1960's. Ask any
10 people between 13 and 25 who their
favorite group or performer ls. Chances are
you'll mainly hear groups like The Beatles.
The Who. etc. Mainstream FM radio can be
blamed for much of this. Although much of
the old stuff is superb. it's slightly overwork-
ed. The success of radio stations like WPLJ
irt New York. and WPYX here is linked to
“classic rock". The only stations in Albany
that your can hear new music on are
WQBK. WRPI. and of course. our own
WCDB. The “classic” stations do pride
themselves on playing new music. but It's
basically a sham. Fo. example. "Don't You
Want Me". by The Human League, was a
very big hit this summer, on all the stations.
In fact. It had been played for months before
that on the more progressive stations. '
Mainstream rock stations generally perform
abysmally when it comes to discovering new
talent. However. the mainstream stations
have the listeners. and therefore. the
money. Their gain is music's loss. Things
may be finally changing though. Video
music is catching on like wildfire. Currently.
when a new song is released. there's a good
chance that the group will do a video to ac- V
company It. A video does several excellent
things for a song: it makes the words much
easier to understand, it enables a viewer to

experience a better-than-Iive performance of

the group. and last but not least. it's very
entertaining. Duran Duran's “Hungry Like

The Wolf" Is an outstanding video. and it's

receiving a great deal of airplay on MTV. the

showcase for videos. MTV is doing very
well. better than it's originators ever thought.

Videos may change the face of the music

business. It's rather impossible for groups

that broke up years ago to do a video of an
old hit, though artists like Steve Miller and

Elvis Costello are doing retroactive ones.

Videos, and the success experienced by the

independent labels new groups and sounds

may force the Woodstock-era music Into a

second class citizenship. What will happen to

tlte older style of music during the coming
revolution? Three old groups and one new
one exemplify four divergant paths that will
be taken. An understanding of the future is

unattainable without sonte knowledge oLthe p

past.

The story of The Who is a story of an
evolution of a group from one that depend-

 

 
    

. leading role In innovative rock and roll. The
. Who is one of the oldest surviving bands.
'and they've survived against tremendous
' odds. both internal and external. In 1963.

when guitarist Pete Townshend Joined Roger
Daltrey and bassist John Entwistle in The
Detours. a good degree of success was ex-
perienced by the band In small London
clubs. This wasn‘t enough for them. so later
that year they changed their name to The
High Numbers. Although their first single.
“I'm the Face/Zoot Suit”. created little stir.
the band pressed onward and upward.
Perhaps the turning point was when Keith
Moon replaced the group's thirty-five year
old drummer. Moon supplemented
Townshend's already famous
presence. The Who. as they were now
known. depended a great deal on gimmicks
at this time. The band’s name is even a gim-
mick. The most famous thing about The
Who's stage presence during that time was
the way that they annihilated their equip-
ment after almost every show. For example.
during the week of November 22-29. 1964.
the group spent approximately $1.700 to
replace equipment. while only earning
$700. The band began to push to the top in
Europe in 1965 with the release of "My
Generation". The Who cracked the tough
American market In early 1967. with “Hap-
py Jack". Appearances on shows such as
The Smothers Brothers also helped the band
gain recognition.

At about this time. The Who began to

make the journey from shadow to substance.
A good part of 1969 saw Townshend work-
ing on the Rock Opera. Tommy. A little
known fact about Tommy was that it was
originally written for television. but was turn-
ed down because it was too controversial.
Despite this setback. The Who enjoyed
titanic success when Tommy was released as

an album. They steered clear of entangling .

political alliances. as witnessed at Woodstock
In 1969. when Pete Townshend physically
removed the ever-irritating Abbie Hoffman
from from the stage. Many think that The
Who's finest moment occurred in 1971. with
the release of Who’s Next. Undoubtedly one
of. if not the finest rock albums ever releas-
ed, it also ended the era of frequent Who
releases. For the rest of the Seventies. Who
albums were much fewer and further bet-
ween.

Controversy has stalked The Who front
day one. Far frorn one big. happy family
I he Who are more like adversaries. Tall tales'
abound of violent fistfights. especially bet-
ween Daltrey and Townshend. According to
Daltrey. The Who currently thrives on

 

 

stage I

    

 

 

discord. though not as frenzied as in the
past. .

Tragedy has also tailed The who‘ [n
1978. drummer Keith Moon died. Ironically
from an overdose of a drug to rmar
alcoholism. He was replaced by Kenny
Jones. and The Who had one of their most
successful tours In 1979. During that tour,
however, tragedy struck. in Clnt‘inttiitl
Eleven fans were trampled to death when
the crowd raced into the arena for the best
seats. The effect of the tragedy shorer on
the band. especially during their Iiuropudn
tour. Some critics suggested that The Who
give it up. lrt fact. it began to appr-ar .rt. .1 m...
was going to happen. Pete 'I‘ottvrrsimrrd
released a highly successful solo album.
Empty Glass. He also slrrrrrcrt rrrrr,
alcoholism at this time. and there ‘.'.'t‘l(‘ rt...
cerns that he would never perform again

Fortunately. he ridded Illln‘rt'll oi hr.

dangerous habits. and rejoined The Who
To Who fans. this is both a time of roy .mri

a time of sadness. Though the group hrrs

released a new record. It's Hard. and .rrurrrr

 

i
\

oesn't detract from Page's credentials. John
aul Jones. Led Zeppelin's future bassist.
as also winning fame as art arranger,
otably on Donovan's "Mellow Yellow".
ocallst Robert Plant and drummer John
fohnam were teamed In the Band of Joy.
Led Zeppelin's first album was an im-
ediate success, both in England and in the
.S. It distinguished itself from the rest of It's ;
Enre by combining Plant's sorcery-Iaced'
ties with Page's masterful style on guitar.
ppped off by Bohnam's assault on the
"urns. they catapulted Into a position ofl
' dership of rock during the early and mid ‘
.venties. Every album they released.
Wough usually disliked by at least some
critics. would do very well where it counted.
t'mongthe fans. While gaining popularity.
their music was also gaining in style and
maturity. Led Zeppelin III. while among their
hast successful among fans. drew new.
respect from many critics. The acoustic“
guitars which dominate that album can be‘
compared favorably with any and all con-
tenders.

 

n
i
9
l
l

 
 
 
 
 
  

Not since the Britisljnvwion of 1964
have so many new groups and sounds
come to the fore

. J».
.

Changin’. . .

 
 

 

NG-A'“; “V.

 

 

 

 

Ing on a massive tour. the end is irt sight At
the press conference for the upcoming ex}
pedition. Roger Daltrey made it known that
this will be the final Who tour. Although he

didn't say that the band ls breaking up. the .

most knowledgeable Who rnawrra don't
think that there will be another alburrr. either
To be fair. however. even Daliry himself has
admitted that there may be many "farewell

tours".
How does The Who fit in to the lliliiir' [ilt
ture of Rock? If they stay togrvtlwr llit‘i.‘

l hrough. Repair

could release new albums until rho turn of r

the century. This doesn't seem .rortrhuru
near possible. Actually. with thr- unen-
thusiastic tone of voice Daltrey rrwri to
describe the upcoming tour. maybe it would

be in everyone's best interest it they broke ‘
up. Solo careers for the Who members are ‘

questionable in three Cases. All but
Townshend have had lackluster solo
outings. Whatever happens to The Who.
they've enriched rock above and beyond the
call of duty. Though The Who's popularity
was evenly spread across the spectrum of
rock fans, In the 70's no one catrte closer to
the hearts of Heavy Metal fans than Led
Zeppelin.

To many people. hearing the name "Led
Zeppelin" brings back the feeling of both Jr.
and Senior High—of blasting “Whole Lotta
Love" in your room. while passing he bong
and listening for Dad coming up the stairs.
The group was indeed proud of It‘s image as
rockers. no matter what most critics thought.
They certainly came from good stock. Jim-
my Page. In the mid-sixties. was among "‘9
best known session men in London. Even
the Rolling Stones used him to improve the"
sound. In addition to being a well regard“
session man. he was a member of the legen-
dary Yardbirds. sharing lead guitar with Jeff
Beck. A common misconception about the
Yardblrds is that Eric Clapton. Page. and
Beck shared the stage at one time. in fact.
Beck only Joined after Clapton left, but tlils

l
l
l
l

 

 

  

Aside from releasing very triumphant
rlbums. Led Zeppelin had a penchant for
out-ing. Their tours. especially In the U.S.,
vould shake the land. Fashionable hotels
ost their virginity after Zeppelin ﬂew
bills of hundreds of
housands of dollars were not uncommon.
Jnfortunately, things began to sour in the
old-seventies. The battd didn't get along as
vell as it once did. Presence. released in
.976. missed the boat twice—with the
rifles. and with the fans. There was an ex-
ruciatlng waiting period for Led Zeppelin‘s
text release. Over 3 1/2 years passed bet-
veen Presence and In Through the Out
Door. During that time. many fans tired of
mailing. so they switched to bargain brand
oatjds. Despite a loss of some fans. In
l'hrf'ough the Out Door was a success. It
showed that the group hadn't been in
suspended animation for that 3 1/2 year
period of time. The Led Zeppelin sound had
been polished into a more sophisticated.
mature style. They were preparing to go on a
mammoth tour In the fall of 1980. when
Bohnam died. of a massive overdose of
booze. For weeks rumors abounded—would
Carl Palmer. of Emerson. Lake and Palmer
rain the group and do the tour? Would Led
kppelin ever release another album? As the
weeks passed, it became obvious that the
goup would disband.

, Led Zeppelin's Robert Plant is a good ex-
ample of a member of a former supergroup
that many people never thought would have
any success as a solo act. His solo album.
Pictures at Eleven, 'has disproved those
doubts. It has been both critically and public-
lirlnothing less than a smash. Ironically. Jim-
my Page. who many had felt would perform
fabulously on his own. had a disappointing
reaction to his album. the soundtrack of
Death Wish II. The movie was an unabashed
flop. so maybe hel'll have better luck next
It'lJie. Led Zeppelin fans should be pleased to
"We that Robert Plant has not ruled out the

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  

  
 
 
 

possibility of teaming up with Jimmy Page
again. Maybe that will help Page to return to
his former style of success. and that will be
both in his and our interests. In the late 70's.
while Led Zeppelin was slipping. another
gorup was entering the public's interest. Od-
dly. this group had been disbanded for
years. The group was The Doors.

Wlten one thinks of the Sixties..one band.
The Doors personlfles more of what was
happening then many other groups combin‘
ed. Whether it be drugs. sex, or protest of
the Vietnam war. The Doors and especially
Jim Morrison were Involved.

When Jim Morrison met Ray Manzarak at
UCLA In 1965. they were Just two hippies
sleeping on the beach In Venice. Cal. Mor-
rison impressed Manzarak with his lyrics to a
song called "Moonlight Drive". According to
Manzarek “. . . we decided to get a group
together and make a million dollars". Back
then. like today. that idea was far from rare.
Despite that, Morrison. Manzarek. and the
other two Doors. John Densmore and Rob-
by Krieger slowly won fame in the clubs
along the Sunset Strip. They were signed by
Elektra. and their album. The Doors, was
hailed by many as the best album of 1967.
"Light My Fire" hit number one that sum-
mer. and remains a very popular. if slightly
overplayed tune. The Doors were constantly
on the charts between 1967 and 1969. Their
live shows were riotous affairs. with Morrison
hypnotizirrg half the audience. It was an
alleged event at a concert that signaled the
beginning of the endlorl‘he Doors. Morrison
supposedly exposed himself in front of
thousands. though this was never proven by
the police. who. Indlcentally. had hundreds
of photographs of the concert. This suppos-
ed exposure incensed Miami so. that a
decency rally. led by Jackie Gleason and
Anita Bryant. drew 35.000 teens. This.
along with mounting public criticism of The
Doors. deeply hurt the band. especially Mor-
rison. He began to withdraw Into himself.
turning more and tnore to alcohol. He litera-
ly ruirted his voice with his 3 pack a day
clgarrette habit. On his final album. L.A.
Woman. Morrison‘s voice is a shadow of Its
former self. In 1970. he left The Doors. and
went to France. What happened then was in
question for a decade. Morrison died of

heart failure in his hotel. although supposed»
ly no one ever saw the body. The Doors
released other albums. although none had
the impact of a Morrison effort The hand
disbanded In 1073. That would went to he
Doors. but it wasn't Around

the end of The
began to receive

 

 

 

 

 

- 1978. radio stations
. ' numerous requests for Doors Songs [heir

  

 

 

albums also began to sell again. Perhaps this
resurrection of The Doors was lust a trickle in
the wave of 60's nostalgia. though it doesn't
seem likely. Morrison himself wanted to be
remembered as a poet. although a sampling
of his poetry suggests that his calling in life
was as lead singer of The Doors.
Nonetheless. The Doors remain one of the
most discussed and beloved rock groups of
all time. Their story exemplifies what may
happen to other groups irt the future—a
group may find itself in better musical straits
years after it ceases to exist. Who knows
what groups may experience this rebirth?
Some groups may merge and the offspring
may do better than the parents ever did.
Though it's too early to tell. this may be the
case with Asia.

Asia is an aglommeration of several
groups. most notably Carl Palmer of ELP.
Steve Howe and Chris Squire of Yes. When
Asia released its album in 1981. they were
hailed as the first new "supergroup" in years.
While it's a bit premature to verify that. their
first album has clearly placed them at the top
of many people's lists. Steve Howe brought
his Yes-born ability to innovate. while Carl
Palmer. whom many consider to be among
the top living drummers. provides tlfe an-
choring of Asia'a sound. To be fair. it must:be
said that Asia draws more from ELP than
Yes. The vocals. guitars and general feel of
the music evokes the best of ELP. while leav-
ing out the digressions that ELP (and Yes)
sometimes liked to experiment with. Some
Yes fans may feel alienated by Asia, but a
watt-and-see attitude should be adopted. at
least until the next album. The next album
should do extremely well. and that's
something that's Increasingly rare these
days.

As stated before. the major labels are ex-
periencing some tough times. Many people
have said that the days of the big bucks are
over. While all these naysayers are talking.
eVents are occurring that very well may pro-
ve them wrong. First. legislation is pending
that may clamp a royalty on every blank tape
that's sold. How will all this money be div-
vied up among al the record companies?
Who will pay the royalty: the tape buyers or
the tape companies? These questions and
many more will keep lots of lawyers busy for
lots of years. Perhaps the drain of money
front the record companies will be slowed by
this.

The real changes are occtiritig where they
shouldv-in the music Not since the British
lllV(.Sl(in of 1964 have so many new groups
and sounds come to the fore. I982 so far

 

has seen art enormous variety of new groups

 

'and styles. SUNYA students were lucky

enough to have two of the most inﬂuential

groups play here at Mayfest . . er . .

lCelebraiion 82. Squeeze. although several

'years old. has only recently moved into a
leadership position with their latest effort.

'Sweets From a Stranger. Right now. they
share the spotlight with The Clash. whose
latest single. "Rock the Casbah" may be the
best song released this year. The other band
seen at SUNYA was A Flock of Seagulls.
The smart money In England has picked the
Liverpool born band to mimic the success of
that other group from Liverpool.

Good new bands from England are popp-
ing up all over the place. and some are bless-
ed with phenomenal hlts. For example. the
Human League's "Don't you want me" is
among the best examples of the new. more
mature syntesized sounds. Soft Cell has also
mastered the art of the synthesizer. “Tainted
Love" has made them a group to be watch-
ed. Samples of their new album indicate that
Soft Cell may be much more than a passing
shadow. In addition to The Human League
and A Flock of Seagulls. Haircut 100 has
also made a name for itself. Apparently.
however. they aren't taken as seriusly as
some other groups. Roger Daltrey has com-
pared them to The Monkees. Despite this.
their most popular song. "Love Plus One" is
terrific. The rich sound. topped of by Joe
Jackson-style vocals is the right blend for a
good musical brew. Men at Work. an
Australian act. is currently hitting it big with
"Who Can it Be Now". A sampling of their '
album reveals depth and consistency. two
traits that many groups today sorely lack.

In addition to the prevously named bands.
many other unknown bands will begin to be
heard from. as they mimic the pioneers‘ style
(and hopefully success). .

During this explosion of new talent. many
people are curious as to where their old
favorites will be. The answer is right where
they are today—highly requested on FM,
and ever popular on the charts. It will take a
lot more than an inﬂux of new material to
change the tastes that people have
developed over the last fifteen years.
"Classic" rock will continue to be King, over
a smaller population. What will happen Is
that the new material should begin to shift
people's perspective; front being wrapped
up in events that largely occurred before they
could ride a bicycle. to a much more current
outlook on things. Who knows—we may
even adopt a futuristic attrtudc. As Charles
Kettering said. “My interest Is in the future
because I am going to Spend the rest of my

life there. .

 

  

-r-.—<...r......,_ .. .

. ., 

