  
 

i
t
I
i

a» w»...~<- Ms ——.. .w.

_ _4-.

 

_> 4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 1: NOVEMBER 9, I982

Professional comedy club run by two seniors ,

 

By Teri Kaplowitz
\‘E “'5 [It/TDR

 

Two enterprising SUN YA seniors are not
waiting until they graduate to make money.

Larry Weissman and Larry Beck have
decided to “capitolize” on humor. by runnt
ing the Capital District‘s ﬁrst comedy club.
The Comic Book.

Beck and Weissman hate signed a con
tract uith Sehenectady‘s Ramada Inn that
lets them turn the match ballroom into a
eomed) night club exer) Thursday. starting
January 2". A preiieu Silk)“ on Noicmbcr
IS “I” let them work out an) kinks uith the
acts. said Weissman. '

Each show will run approumatch tuo
hours. and will feature Ioui ptotcssional
comedians. said Weissman.

Although their business is comedy. the
two roommates are quite serious when it
comes to talking about “The Comic
BOOK.”

“\\ hen l was a tieshman. l “as looking
tor a comedy place to go. l was so sui‘
prised that there uasn‘t one. I was mad."
\Jld \‘t'eissman.

The two economics marois feel the ke_\ to
fhs‘ll success lies in the tact that their per-
loimers .ite protessionals who do night club
acts tn .\'cu \ ork City's comedy .Iubs. like
The Comic Strip and Latch :i Rinnc Mai
Beck recalled a local comedy .lut‘ that told‘

ed because they used mediocre homegroiltn
talent.

Beck and Weissman candidly admitted
their main reason to open the club is “to
make money."

Weissman originally wanted to open a
club on his own near his Rockland County
home. but the area he stirteyed didn‘t like
the idea of hating a night club in the \iciniv
t). He also found it hard to get a good
credit rating.

\\ cissman said he had little dtti'iculty be
ingr taken seriously by hotel managers. "I
got sttaiigc looks a couple ot times. but I
figure mt green is as good as anybody else's
green."

“erssman ottered a ten perteni owner-
ship of the business to each at his
suttemates. People called me a dreamer —
unrealistic. Ont) Beck was an optimist,“
he said.

Beck and “'eissman each on n 40 percent
ot the business uhilc \\ eissnian‘s tnother
holds the remaining 20 percent.

lit-.k‘s mother suggested that running the
(nitric Book in a hotel tsould loner i'tsed
costs. so the boys took their protect to
Albany. where they could uoik on ll uhilc
in .ollege.

Albany's Tutt Inn was the truest place
that didn't like the idea said Beck. mention-
my that the ihiuisat House was cqttitii)

uncnthusiastic and the Albany Ramada Inn
told them to come back in a year.

Schenectady‘s Ramada Inn offered a
proposal that the students quickly signcd,
“We didn‘t want them to bar It out,"
\‘s’eissman c\plaincd.

To hack the Comic Book, Weissman is
using his ieiniested Bar Mitzvah money.
uhile Beck is using Itis savings.

An agent it ho “knows the right people."
is booking the club‘s acts. said Weissman.

If \\’eissman and Beck are as keen with

"lfyou have an idea and don ’I
take advantage of it. it hurts. "
— Larry Weissman

 

picking talent :ts they are in gaining publici-
I}. the ( oniic liook should turn into a suc-
.ess slot}. They will be featured in a seg-
ment Ill I‘Nl Magazine which has the
likelihood at being broadcast nation-wide.
(In Notember 6. \Veissman and Beck pro-
moted their club on \\'QBK's Drive Allen
Show Their pictiew show will be reticucd
b) the Albany Times Union.

I‘i Nglllli i:P\lit\lI. the new prctcssional
marketing tiateittity on campus. is using

 

the Comic Book as a spetitil plttJL’cl and is
experimenting with ways It! morn”... (ht,
club.

Weissman said his pzueiits tire eittotirrig.
ing him. but "They would itithei see me
concentrate on my studies," [mt .md hiS
pareitts “tote the idea.“ and hopes it) me
his profits to pay for tau selriiitt

Since his parents oun a rut coittpttn)‘,
Weissman was introduced in lithium
an early age. He recalled that dinner con.
versations at home “L'IC et'ttlt’lt‘ti .tlltltlld
the toy industry. Mrs. “t‘lvllldll mi. m a
type of mentor for the neu l‘u rite... rm
said.

Approximately 300 people must .tilctld
the Comic Book‘s pretieu Ill t'tdci nu the
club to break cten. Beet. estimated

Reserscd seating tickets are being wild h.
Pi Sigma Epsilon on taiiipus and turn.
intittity Box ()ti'itc clscuhere.

Beck and \K‘eisstnan appear .ultitdpm
that the Comic Book will be it sucw. t5
tickets were sold by (BO ‘Allil rio .idtertiu
ing. said \\'eissinan.

The tuo ha\c lound that 1
business takes a lot of time. I* '
hateun idea and don‘t [1: . .
it hurts," \k'eissiiiaii cll‘lLiIIiL'J _ .ttd
plans are being
Books in LUIIIh‘d) dettt c . .
rain. and Ilaittoid.( UIIIIL.’.. 

   
  
 
 

I \‘iIIt.
r'. Hit-

 

 

 

 

Prerequisite for
Canadian Majors.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

Iranian students

<5

pouring ttoiii :he I‘vcuf‘v.
the .‘siiuahedtit did not  .
them.

.‘xlassood said that “v
had t'oimed a .oatttiot:
resistance which was
gtoups based on two . '..'.int.

    

   

 

 

  
  
  
 

opposition to Khomer. .. . up
position to the Shah. H; iititl
he belicu's the cuirteri: Lili .ttll
collapse uhen Khome: one

it is based on one me the
.oalition oi national

the answer atter Khomet

Many Americans :"m‘
sstripaihtn with the pi
in the wake er the hit'
itt‘sliitl} oi thi: hosta‘c .'
Massood. but he is sliiit
the response. "\ometrii‘..~~ :r
tion here has been 'rertz.
people hate bzt‘I‘t «.i.;
“Oxerall. the signs hart
attention and been ‘UL.
said.

Massood pointed Uri! :3:..: up-
position to Khomeini Is ' . 
and that the IL’\£tilIItOI
(about 2(1).tkkltatt‘Khmzteiriﬁi‘tr
l_\ support non.

Asked how long his or
planned to continue .ts
Massood said, "\\e mli t. :i'
tillthecnd othermein: ”

  
 
    
  

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Tony Sllber

For many Americans. Iran ceased to exist
after the hostages safely returned home in
I979. Ilcrc at SUNYA. it small group of
Iranian students are trying to restore
publicity by holding a vigil of sorts three
times a week in an effort to bring attention
to the “tyranny” of the Khomeini regime.

According to one student. who wished to
be known only as Massood to protect
relatives in Iran. a group of local Iranian
students formed the Union of Moslem Ira-

 

ttian Students' Societies Outside Iran. sup-
porters of tltc Peoples Mojahcdin three
years ago. to support the true resistance of
the Iranian people. Massood said the basic
goal of the organization is to expose Kho-
mcinI since the media remains passive to
continuing atrocities.

The 23-year-old Massood. a student at
RPI. said that the local organization con-
sists of about 12 students who try to
demonstrate every day at SUNYA. RPl.
and at other colleges.

Massood wears a sandwich board which

 

 

 

 

Barber 9.0m Mason? qua'ts Manmrﬂanﬁatlci‘é Dali. - -

Snip/ring .t/iirltlnli' Imir. Iml their pockets:

LISA SIMMONS UPS

 

NOVEMBER 9, [982 E] ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

Iranian students charge atrocities to Khomeni

attributes 45,000 executions rind 50.000 im-
prisonincnts to the Khomeini regime in the
last l4 months. He supported this claim
with literature published by his organiza~
tion which cites Amnesty International and
other sources as documenting the figures.
Massood said that the people of Iran
Welcomed Khomeini at first because ol‘thcir
rcpulsion with the Shah. He said that Kho-
meini gained power because of a “power
vacuum." The true freedom fighters, he

. contended. were in prison from opposition

to the Shah.

Massood cited the Peoples Mojahedln. a
group of youg Iranians generally considered
as leftist. as the true representatives of
democratic expression in Iran. According
to Massood. “The Mojahedin knew what
Khomeini was. but they wanted the people
to see for themselves before they presented
their alternatives." V

The series of spectacular assasinations in
the summer of l98|. which are generally at-
tributed to the Mojahedin. were, according
to Massood. actually a spontaneous out-

JD

University barber shop tries its
best to keep SUNYA clean cut

 

lly lilleit Sititluslero

lit tltc dimly lit recesses of the podiuiii's
ttittttcls IlCiII the Social Science building, tltc
Uttit'ctsity's llttilici' Styling Shop bti/lcs
with tltc iioiscs ol tiit clccltic slittici. ll por-
tttblc lilttck tittd uliitc l.V.. tiitd the chultci'
bettsceii tltc liuilicts titid tlicti tustotncis.

The tilt). tttitissuirtittu shop, with its
ittitkcshil‘t biiihci‘s pttlc .ibotc the door.
docstt'l ilil\L' .tii iLiL’ili loiutioit lot bringing
iii business. It ll'rCti to he loctttctl iii the
litisctttctit ot' the ('uitipirs ('ctttei \tlteic tltc
cittployittcttt tittiee i\ lltt\\. .-\L't'ttttiiltt!. to
Mtttittgei l)tttt (tutto, ulio Ittts hcctt cutting
butt on ttittipus since the business opened
In years ago. the shop u.is turned to its pic-
scttt loettlton iii 1W]. \\|tcti it turn edged Hill
by the lood co opus requested by Albany‘s
sttideiits.

While iii the t'uiiipus t'ctttct, (iitlto tittd
two other buthcis littd tootti tittd business
enough to opcrtttc tlticc elittiis. With the

, move to tltc \llliliicl’ spitec iii the tunnel.

they lost it clitiii tiitd consequently. one of
thc bttrheis. At the stiiitc time, however.
‘ business slotted down enough to even out

the workload bctwccn Guile and his present
pttrtttcr. Don Maggio.

“Wc would love to be back iii the Crim-
ptis ('ctttct." stiid (iatto. noting that it is
the Itrib of lltc campus. while there pin-
htthly site not too many potential customers
\stttitlcriitg the tunnels.

(lilliU. uho hits itL‘L‘ll ti httrliei till his lite,
ttiid Ittts "seen it lot at stttdcrtts come and
go.“ sttid itiost ot his ctistoittci's are made
students. He recalled that iii W761i group
of students polled t'ustoittei's to find out the
pcicctitttpc of students to t'itctilty iiitd stuff
coming into the shop. (irttto's predictions
of sc\clti_\ ttt thirty percent was close to the
tiettittl \txi) the percent students illlti thirty
five pctccttt fuctilty and stuff custoittcrs
l'ottttd by tile students.

Liltc itiost otltcr services on ctttiipus
shop is mined uttd funded by UAS
shop Uiicl‘i lttiir cuts l‘or women and
children too. although it doesn't appear to
be it unisex sitlon like most contemporary
hair cutting plitccs. All cuts are priced three
to five dollars cheaper than most oil‘-
etimpus shops. I"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

'5'”

1

 

 

 

