r

 

 

 

World capsules

Soviets simulate attacks

Wasltlngton. D. C.
(AP) The Soviet navy lras sent its advanced supersonic
Backﬁre-bombers on simulated missile attacks against U.S.
aircraft carriers for the ﬁrst time. according to American
naval oft'icials.

The officials also report that “just recently. the Soviets
began conducting backfire operations over the Sea of
Japan. adding a new dimension to the threat to the sea
lanes in that area."

Navy officials said this when asked recently about persis-
tent reports that Soviet naval lender ltave begun making
wider use of the twin~engine Backfires. the most modern
long-range bombers in use today.

Since rlrese planes first appeared in the mid-t970‘s. U.S.
na\n| strategists have warned that the sopltisticated swing-
wirrg liackfire bombers and their air-to-surface missiles
pose a potentially serious danger to U.S. carrier battle
groups and otlter warships protecting vital sea lattes.

African refinery sabotaged

[)rtrhmr. South Africa
(AP) Sahoteurs set off the explosions curly today at u
\lobil Oil Co. storage depot. seriously damaging the facili-
ty in northern Natal province. the South Africutt Press
\ssociation reported.

the c\plosions touched off a fire that brrrncd fiercely for
scter'al hours. threatening nearby lrorrscs. but there were no
reports of injuries. the agency said.

Refineries are a prime target of the black nationalist
African National Congress. which seeks the overthrow of"
South Africa‘s white-minority goverttnrent.

A Mobil spokesman confirmed the fire was out at the
depot at Mkuzc. about 60 miles southwest of the Monunbi-
que border.

Soviets build spacecraft

Moscow
(AP) The time may be fast approaching when tircrc will
always be a Soviet citizen orbiting the Earth.

Soviet oft'icials. in a rare. week-long series of briefings
l'or art American reporter. say they are building an
elaborate permanent space station. Until it is in orbit. pro-
bably sometime in l986. the Soviet will operate its time-
tcsted Salyut space station. and officials say any gaps in
Russian space occupancy will be infrequent.

The Russians spoke enthusiastically of the future: a close
encounter with Halley's Contet. a stripped-down space
shuttle. visits to Mars. probes to Venus and the first perma-
nent space station.

They would not discuss military plans for space. barely
acknowledging that they are active in the area.

Air bags go to Court

ll’klshihg/orr, 01‘.
(AP) The Supreme Court today agreed to decide whether
someday all new cars sold in the United States will have to
be equipped with air bags or autornutic'scat belts.

At issue for the jtrstices is whether federal safety
regulators acted arbitrarily arid capricioust when they
lifted future requirements for such passive restraints irt
cars.

The U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington ruled
just that -—and imposed a September l983 deadline t'or the
restraints.

The Reagan administration and the industry urged the
appeals court to delay the deadline, and those requests cur.
rcntly are under study. Carmakers. including the largest
US. and Japanese manufacturers. claim it would inr-
possible to meet the court—imposed P983 deadline.

They contend that the deadline would halt most produc-
tion and put some automakers. including Chrysler. out of
business.

“Passive restraints" include an air bag brrilt into a car’s
dashboard that would inflate on impact. and seat belts that
automatically wrap around front-seat passengers as they
enter a car.

Safety advocates arid the insurance industry contend
thousands of lives could be saved each year by the man-
datory use of such devices.

Autoworkers to get benefits

Detroit

(AP) Chrysler Corp. says it is considering providing

unemployment benefits to the 2.500 U.S. autoworkers laid

off today because of the strike at Chrysler's Canadian fac-
tories.

Operations at l6 U.S. plants in four states are being ctrt

back because they make parts for the Chrysler Canada Ltd.

 

An honorable mention

Signtrm Lattdis'. a scholastic honor society unique to
SUNYA. will be inducting new members November l7.
The top it percent of the senior class is eligible. All seniors
with a crrrn ot' 3.62 or above and who ltavc taken at least

_50 A-L‘ graded courses here should ltave received an in-

vitation. For further information. call Diane Panton
(457-llttl4) or Robcjt Lanni (457-8334).

On the agenda

The Philosophy Club will be holding a meeting/discus-
sion with SUNYA professor Robert Garvin on the topic
of thctics ctttitlcd “Human Agendas and Existentialist
Philosophies: A Current View." The meeting will take
place 'i'hursday November ii. at 4 pm. irt the Humanities
Lounge. tilu _l354). Refreshments will be served.

 

Over the waves

Southampton College. a division of Long island
University. provides yet another way to get out of the
classroom. Students can earn rrp to rs credits as they sail
aboard the “Appledore.” an 85-foot gaff-rigged
schooner as part of thcI college's [EAnrcstcr program.

The eight-week voyage offer. standard courses in
history. navigation and ccology is well as the adventure
of scarnrtnship. fieldwork and C\pc(llll0n§.

Tuition for the program is $3,700. and i6 students are
accepted each spring and fall semester. For more informa-
tion and application. contact tile .5 ‘Arnestcr Office.
Southampton College. Southampton. New York ll96ti.

 

 

Growing numbers

The Department of lviathernutics and Statistics will be
presenting art “Everyone Seminar" featuring Professor
.loc Jenkins speaking on “Groups with Polytrorrtial
(it'owthﬂ‘l'hc lectttrc will beheld Friday. No\crnbcr 12 at
«l p.nr. in [is Mt).

 

lupus brie

  

Have a hold?

The registrars office has provided rt complete list of
holds on records that students may have. The lists are
organir:d by social security numbers and copies will be
displayed at: Colonial Quad U-Lounge. (.‘.U. Campus
Center information desk. and Student Services Center.

 

Dancing for dollars

if you have "crazy feet.“ dance the night ttwrty at
Tclcthon's Dance Marathon on November l9 and 20
beginning 7 p.nr. Friday. Sponsor sheets may be picked
tip at the Campus Center information Desk and at all the
quad offices. Couples rnu5t place their narrrcs in the
Telethon mailbox at S.A. by Novcrttbcr i7. Pri/cs will be
awarced to the couples raising the most money.

For those people not dancing. please support 'l‘eicrlrorr
'83 by sponsoring couples and joining in the festivities rrrr
l-‘riday and Saturday. For furtltcr information cont.th
Mindy (465-1033) or Steve (489-6929).

Preserving the past

l’or' its fifth consecutive year. the United States t nun
cil on Monuments and Sites (US/iCOMOS) is seeking .rp
plicrrnts for its summer rehabilitation projects ur \rtllrnr
historic sites in linglanc and France. Volunteers will br- rn
volved irt excavation. masonry. carpentry and corrscrta
tion, Applicants rnttst be between i7 and 2] yctlts old. tiltrl
slrotrid be prepared for a rugged cnvirornrrcnt and lr.rrrt
physical work.

Application deadline is March I. 1983. For frtrlher in
formation arid application, write to US/iCt)M()S at lotto
H Street. N.W.. Washington i).C. 20006. or call (202)
673-4093.

Researching rewards

Tire National Research cotrncil is announcing its Will
Research Associateship Awards Programs. Applications
for the programs. which provide PILD scientists and
engineers of unusual promise with research Oppot‘lttnitit's
at [8 federal research institutions throughout the United
States. will be accepted through January l5, i983.

Approximately 250 new full~tinrc associatcships will be
awarded for research in chemistry. ctrgirtccring. and
mathematics. and in the earth. environmental. physical.
space. and life sciences.

information and application materials cart be trhlttittt'd
from Associateship Programs. Jl'l 6|(l-i)l. National
Research Council. 2l0l Constitution A\cnuc N.\\ ,,
Washington. i).C. 204lii or call (202) 334-2760. 

 

 

 

factories being struck by ro.ooo workers seeking art int-
nrcdirrtc pay increase.

linilcd Attto Workers l’rcsirlcnt Douglas A. l’rrrscr sttid
at ti news conference Sunday he asked L'lrryslcr last week to
prmide Supplemental Unemployment licnefits to the U.S.
workers. and lie intended to pursue the request today.

Fraser's request “will be gitcn serious consideration."
Chrysler spokesman liill Stcnrpicn said Sunday. refusing to
elaborate.

Khamenei holds position

Tehran. Iran
(AP) President Ali Khamenei said todtry that irrrn's inva-
sion forces. holding rt piece of eastern Iraq. will "proceed
toward liaghdad." when they find it necessary.

The Iranian lender. speaking with foreign reporters at a
news conference. also took a no-corrrprornisc position on
lran's conditions for peace in the 25 month-old war. lraqi
withdrawal from all Iranian territory. $l5t) billion in war
reparations and the ouster of Iraqi President Saddan llus—
scin.

Asked if Irrrrr would accept reparation money and allow
Hussein to stay in power. Khamenei sttitl no. Referring to
Hussein. Khamenei said “the lranian government will seek
to irnplcurerrt its third condition."

Tire lrrrniztn president. discussing the latest wrrr
devcioprnenrs said lranian forces Ilfltl reached the iraqui
town of 'l‘ih. l7t) nriles southeast of the iraqi capital. in the
invasion launched last week.

His remarks came one day rrfter iran announced its
legions had prrnclrcd six miles into iraq on Sunday. the sc-
cotrd reported cross-border thrust irt three months.

in war communiques today. lraq confirmed fierce
fighting raged in the Tib area but ciairned'it had “crushed
the attacking enemy and chased its fleeing remnants orrt of
the region."

 

Columbia suffers setback

( ‘u/rr' Canaveral. I lit
(AP) The countdown for space slrrrttlc Columbia's tirsl
operational mission fell scvcn ltorrrs behind schedule IUthl\
because of a small leak ill a lrcliurrr regulator. llrrr it lcsl
director said thc deficit cotrld be tirade rrp in time for .l
sclrcdttlcd Thursday morning launching.

'l‘cst director (iilbcrt Whittaker termed it "Ito rcul pro
blcm” artd noted the five-day countdown includes IIIUIL'
than 20 hours of planned holds to handle such problems

(‘rcne 'i‘lrornas. a project engineer. said the leak mp
discovered irr rt regulator in one of .10 small jets used to stch
tltc spaceship in orbit. He said the faulty system had bccrl
taken off line and a backup system switched on in its plan's".

The ficry liftoff. schedule for 7:l‘) a.rn. iiS‘l' 'l'lrursdrrt.
will be Columbia‘s fifth trip into space. brrt the first tor
“business for which the space shuttle was intended." stud
veteran astronaut Vance Brand.

After forrr previous test flights. tltc sirrrttlc will carry It»
firls’t payload - two commercial satellites to be launched into
or )it.

Prisoner sets jail fire

liilo.\'i, Mitt.
(AP) A We set by a mentally disturbed prisoner in a pztdtlvtl
cell filled the Harrison County .lail with thick. black smoke
ltidill’. leaving at least 27 prisoners dead and iniut’ittt‘ 4”
least 46 people. authorities said. .

Six of the injured were irt critical condition.

Some prisoners. awakened in the middle of the night hr
the choking smoke. srrrffed rugs beneath their cell doors in
a desperate attempt to save themselves. There were 95
prisoners in the jail when the fire broke otrt.

  

 

. 

JIM VALENTINO UP
Director of Librari_ea Joseph Nitcckt

It may take mom/tr Infill .sluffposilionr.‘

N YPIRG to

lly Mell. ‘a Jaehn

 

This week. NYPlRCr members will be do
ing their part to bring tltc issue of the
nuclear arrrrs race to SUNYA students.
'I lrrouglrout the week. events will be taking
place to draw attention to and facilitate
discussion on the issue of nuclear arms.

.larrc Crrccrrbcrg. Project Coordinator of
NYl’lRG‘s Albany chapter. explained that
Albany is just one of thousands of places all

 

By Debbie Judge

llllltlkl‘ll silk/WAN I

Although the eight-month old hiring
freeze has been lifted by the State Division
of Budget, it may be several weeks before
this is rellcctcd in extended Library hours.
accorditrg to Director of" Libraries. Joseph
Nitccki.

Nitccki is especially concerned with those
hours cttt on Friday and Saturday nights.
which Ire would like to restore, as well as
supplemental hours during finals Week.

One to the I)Oil's decision. the library
can now fill it of its 24 full-time staff posi-
tions. btrt will still have in positins frozen
indefinitely. said Nitccki. \Vorksturly man.
power has also been increased due to partial
restoration of a federal cutback.

However it will still take "some weeks.
rrrrtybc some months" to fill the full-time
staff positions in the library. said Nitccki.
The lack of ftrll tirrre lrclp slows processing

NOVEMBER 9, I982 t.‘J ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

ibrary slow toextend hours after freeze lift

and services. which also effcts the hours of
operation. Nitccki stressed that even if
enough student help was found to keep the
doors open litter. “very soon no one would
be able to find anything on the shelves." as
a rcsttlt of the tirrrc consuming process.

According to Nitccki. the library lost ap-
proxintately 600 hours of student ltclp per
week due to the 26 percent accross—the-
board federal cut. llowct r. since the
beginning of the year. the library has been
operating with an additional loss of 300
hours bringing the total deficit to 900
hours.

The additional 300 hours reduction is
ttow iii the process of bcitrg filled. This may
not bring the library back to its old
schedule. bttt. according to Nitccki. hours
will “improve significantly."

According to Director of financial Aid
Donald Wiritiock. portions of the federal
cut were restored with it ('orrgrcssiottnl

 

override of a Presidential veto on the Sup-
plemerrtai Appropriations Act of 1982 in
early October. "Much of the deﬁcit we
went into the year with. has been wiped
out." Wiritiock said. As a result. Albany's
funds have been increased by approximate-
ly 364.000. according to Wiritiock.

The delay of the allocation makes it ex-
trcrrrely hard to process. Wiritiock explain-
cd. especially since a large number of stu-
dent aid files rrrtrst be reprocessed. He said
many students have since found other
rcsorrrccs artd are no longer available for
workstrrdy. The situation adds to a year of
financial-aid difficulties which Wiritiock
describes as “absolutely nightmarish."

While Wiritiock said the Financial Aids
Office has assigned approximately 30-35
students to workstudy. Nitccki noted that
otrcc strrdcnts are referred to the library.
operations will still be delayed wlrilc hours
and sclrcdtrlcs rtrc worked out for the new
employees. ‘

alert university on nuclear arms

over the United States which is “holding
some sort ofevcnt throughout the week and
especially on 'i‘htnsduy. which is Veterans
Day." (‘rrccnbcrg etrtphnsi/cd that the
events here are to underscore tlte anti-
nuclear message that is being proclaimed rtll
(HUI.

'l'lre ucthilics on crnptrs begun yesterday
with a “massive trtblittg effort" by
NYI’IR(i rrrrd four other groups. said .lodi
|)cVido. coordinator of disarmament ac-

 

Gil/\I’lllfi ILLUSIHATIUH l HDM NVI’IliG FOSIER

 

SUNYA voter poll gave

By Bob (iardinier
sI.-tll rrltlllrt

A voter poll conducted by the Albany Ina
stitrrtc for ('omnrunicntions Research
(AICR) ul SUNYA revealed the major corr-
ccr'tts of New York State rotors and irt turn
influenced the candidates to reform their
priorities. according to Joseph Woelfcl. an
R(.'() professor and coordinator of the poll.

The poll showed ('rronro with a statewide
advantage over l.cltrrtttttt. btrl the major
finding was that voters personally wanted
sincere candidates who would concentrate
their efforts on issues of economy. iobs and
taxes. said Wocll'cl. "A fth' Iltis poll and a
New York 'l'inruv poll that slrmvetl similar
r'csults were released. the candidates
restructured the focus of their campaigns.“

The Al(‘R survey. rising sophisticated
computer programs. specified lrow each
candidate stood on it variety of issues with
tile average \otcr. llns poll rliffcrs lrorn
orltcrs irt that it also reveals tltc main issues
that votcrs L'ttitshlt't most irrrportatrl. rtr
dcpcrtdcrtt of lltcrt opinions of the can
didates. fire cornptr er filters data from the
itritirrl survey to find the topics which \\‘t‘it.

repeated most frcqrrcrrtly by rntervicwcc.
according to \\’oc|fcl.

A Daily New: Straw Poll rclcused last
we k showed (‘rronro with a 2~l lcud irr the
city and a substantial edge statewide.
However. a poll conducted by |.cw
l.ehrman revealed that it was he who had it
slight lead over his contender. 'fhe SUNYA
poll was more involved than this. Accor-
ding to University Vice President Warren ll-

 

Iitrtics at Albany. tonight. the tiinr Dr.
Strange/ore will be shown irr l.(‘ 6. After-
wards. arryortc who would like to express it
New or opinion on the nuclear rtrrtts situa-
tion will iravc rt chance in a discussion ses-
sion. Likewise. it discussion will be held
after the film. The ll'ur ll’i/huul li'r’rrlrt'ry.
showing on Wednesday night irt l.('22.

l'htrrsdtry will be the main day ol'activrty.
First of all. interested professors will either
speak to their clrrsscs on the arms race or
have someone corrrc irr and speak. lire pro-
fessors who expressed an interest in
devoting all or part of their class tirrrc to tire
arms race filled out a “pledge card,"
Pledge cards were endorsed by the l 'rri\ersi-
ty Scuttle. Also on llttrrsday. a "nrrclertr
l'rcc/c dricd coffee house." with cntcrtain-
rrtcrrt. u short lilnr. tllst'ttssirttl rrnd
rcfrcslrrrrcrrts. will be sct up irr tllc carnpns
tcrrtcr ballroom.

(in the front day of .rr‘tnity. lrrr|.ry. Illt'
.‘lltlllllt' (‘rr/l' wrll ltr‘ show It at tltc .ird \trcct
l|tcutrc. ilris Irlrtr contarns old and newly
discorcrt'd wrrr prop.n-:rntlu from the l'tdtl's
and itl‘s.

this year is not the lust Ilr.t| N)l'lR(t
lr.rd hccn lrnrthcd rtr protcstrng tlrc trrrclctrt
itltlts rtrcc. lrr IU7‘), two rnrrror nnclcrtr
dcrnorrsrrrrions. one in \\ .rshnu-ton .rnd one
in New )ork ( II). wcrc p.tttr.tl|_\ oryani/cd
lw NYl'lRtr members. | .rst \c.n . .t rclcrcn»
rlrrrn declaring that SI NiA slrrrlcnts sup-
port a llltllllltl Sorrel-U.S. bull to rlrc
ttrrclcnr rtrrns race \\.r\ \och upon by
students. llnntgh the referendum did not
pass lrrst ycrn because not enough strrrlcnts

 

 

 

 

mac nauscnec um;
NYPIRG Coordinator Jane Gro-enberg
lirwrrmultrrvr/ il'r'r'ls I\’ u Iltlllttllrll r'\'t‘/l/.

\otr'd. students passed it in this \crtr's t.'r|l
rct'erendurn.

Ilrc lItlI\L'tstl_\ Scrrrrtc .rlso endorsed the
crlucrrtrorrnl .rspcr'i oI Nuclear l)is.rrrnrrrncrtt
Week on campus. (irccnberg feels that the
effort hcrc wrll Iorcc pcoplc to pay :tttctr~
troll to the rustic. “We are talking about."
she strid. "cs-crrtr.rl|y. rlrc lilc and death of tr
planer."

candidates feedback

instrumental Ill accomplishing the work
before the election deadline. .-\ccording to
Webb. “it would be good to have rut
organi/rrtion that focuses on organi/cd
research and conununicrrtions.“ lint Webb
had no ftrrtlrcr comments regarding any
plans by the University to establish AICR.

A group of graduate and undergrad
students collected the data. An opcn~cnded
questionnaire was used to gather the

“We (lid not try to predict who WON/(l win. but to discover the
public opinion. "

— lvVu/‘rcn llchman

 

ehnran. this poll is unique because. "We
did not try to predict who would wirt bill to
discover the prrblic opinion." ‘

/\i('R is not an official organization at
pit-sent. said \Voclfcl. it is only five weeks
old and was started by faculty and students
intercstcd irt doing polling research. Ad-
ntittistrtrtiott personnel .rtrch as llcltrnutt and
“can of Research and Social urtd
ltclrariornl Sciences. Iohrr Webb. lruvc bccrt

general opinion of tire public. From the irr-
l'orrnution collected by this search. a second
rrrorc specific survey was compiled. This
survey was conducted over tltc phone and
required 20 minutes of a person's tirrrc.
according to l€ric Sturtcr. rrn undergrad
tclcphortc solicitor. Surrth said that many
phone calls had to be placed before finding
.t person that could complete the survey.

"l-irlrcr rlrcv weren't home. did not want to

the future. I
I ‘ l l ‘ ‘

gcl rntrrlvcd or tcftrscd to finish tltc ques-
tions because they became impatient." Ire

said.

According to \\oclfel. AICR may be
useful to the Unitcrsity in the future as an
established polling scrvicc. lie said the
University has considered esparrdrng tltc
otrtptrl of scrticcs to the private sector and
other universities to increase profits.

“AICR is not involved only irt election
polling bill also other areas of benefit to irr-
dustry and community.“ \Voeifel corn<
merited. He added that it will probably be
sortie little before AICR is an established
organization at SUNYA because of internal
administrative complications and luck of
funds.

('ialilco cornptrtcr services charged the
University only one dollar for Its work with
the poll and University phones were used at
no cost to AICR. if it were not for these
gifts of service. tltc poll would not have
been completed. ilul. according to \Voelfcl.
it is unlikely that Alt‘R will get free help in‘

WWW “ A

 

-. _.\._ .-ﬁ . ._.

 

