 

 

' bastard/Xpiiﬁlcl}1§82 _ __

 

_'-,L.,..‘.‘..,. V. ._
abc’s
' 5.
(Editor's note: ABC's. normally brought to
you'in this space. will not be presented due
to technical difficulties. i am at Accounts
Moinlenencefl am number 17. and lam not
leaving until I am served. ft is very dark here.
It Is four hours 'til 9:00. and they promise me
that they'll start with yesterday's last number.
Icon wait.)

6a

John Cheever comes up with a

[mnosr'sc'uvs

8a

In Diver-lone: the ueull. Spec-
trum. crossword. Zhe Pudz. and

lllol‘ﬂ.

7a. 

“Don't call ue, we'll call you." A
funny thing hnppened on the way to
A Funny Thing Happened On The
Way To The Forum. Debbie Judge
reports.

centerfold ‘

East side. west side, or any side at
all. The streets of Albany are an out-
door muleum of towering murals,
and the Aspects camera takes some
of them in.

Cover photo (Northern. Boulevard and
Washington Avenue) by Marc Hensclicl

 

 

sllm table of old age. The result?
Paradise lost. The Good Doctor (elm
Noah Drake, elm Rlclt Springﬁeld)
shown that, indeed, succe'n hasn't
spoiled him yet. Also in 8 8: V. In in-
terview with musician Meg Chris-

3a

The Politics of Education, or.
Sucking Up to Professor X. Lenny
Scott reports on grad school. Also in
Perspectives, the Pop'l Pizza
Myltery. and the Case of the
Purloined Lighter.

 

 

 

IEBBY’S
Restaurant and Gaterers
Open 24- Ilours 1 Days

809 Madison Ave... Albany
Phone 465-1229
11pm-7am only

 

 

CHOPPED l near N.Y.C.

BEEF STEAK I BAGEL
I OMELEI l E
t I | served Wlflt

.4 eggs. huqu w/ ox double portion

fries. must ' 0”" “‘"m‘ I of llum. Bacon
and A L‘UlfL‘L' Chum" I or sausage llomelrfus
33-25 I $2.50 tunsl and A [WWW-‘9“
w/ coupon | w/cuupun I 52.95 w/cuupun

3 EGG
l CHEESE

 

 

 

Don’t waste your summer.
Come to Adel iwhcre you can

it prerequisites for courses you
want to take later on. When fall
rolls around. you’ll be richer for
it in so many ways.~ I

Adel hi's courses are conveni-

entl sc cduled 3 and 4 da 5 a
wee , leavin time for war and
relaxation. oose from a wide

everything In between). There's
also our extensive pre-profes-
sionai program which enjoys
an excellent reputation among

College students,
have something
to show for
your summer.

The Adelphi Summer Program
ives you valuable credlts
an plenty of time for yourself.

the most presti ious medical,
dental], law an other graduate
o s. I _ ‘
in addition, there are free But why should you gcr the American Express Lord in AV?
seminars in stress management,
time management and stud
skills-to enhance your aca cmic
ex erience.

ou'll enjoy our summer
college atmosphere, which
offers theater, films, and social
activities while advancing your
educational oals. Call
(516) 663-112 or (212) 347-9460,
or use the coupon below, for
complete data is.

pick up valua 19 credits and ful- scho
1

Session 1: One month, June i-luly 1.
Session 2: One month, luly 6—August 5.
Session 3: Six weeks, june 29 —August 5.

Nada.

If you're at senior and have the promise of” $l0.000 career-oriented job, do you know
what's stopping you from getting the American Express Curd?

You guessed it.

Nothing.

Because American Express belicvcsin your futurc. But more than llllll. We belicvc
in you now. And we've proving it.

A $10,000 job promise. That's it. No strings. No gimmicks. And this offer is
even good for 12 months after you gmduutc.’

Because the Curd is grunt for shopping.

Whether it's a new suit for the job or it new stereo for home. the Amcriczln
Express Card is welcomed at the finest stores all over the country. And even if you
need furniture for your place. you cam do it with the Curd.

Ofcourse. it’s also great for restaurants,
hotels. and travel. It also begins to establish
your credit history—for any really big things
you might need.

So call 800-528-8000 for at Special
Student Application or look for one at your
college bookstore or on campus bulletin boards.

The American Express Card. Don‘t leave ‘ ‘ ha .2. . f,

    

 

 

Garden City, New York 1
Please send me your ulmmer'BZ Bulletin.
uric

Mlll to: Adelphl Univcnilt-yggummcr inquiry Room,

school without ir."“ -3 - 3'96» - r

5070‘0082
Look for an application on campus.

 

Home Address _
City State
Phone

 

 ADELPHI UNIVERSITY

2‘?

4 «unruly-hmut my“... I‘M!

 

 

 

 

"nut: 3'... w m, “u: v“ if ha i won;- 4.1 ~ i; ~i.1 ii ~ 1‘,rlJP/t,;i.;§.i 5.5. v: paum r‘.'.

 

.
m v.ul.q\l'.ll1i .1 .

Iowan: km» .nzviouzb tunic Jim low 1-7 I

  
    

Grad .

Illusion

Lenny Scott

 

So. you've finally become a "grad"
student. up one grade level. but a totally
new status! You could be here for a
number of reasons: your undergraduate
degree won‘t get you anywhere in the job
market, there's pressure from your family.
you're not rt'u-ly for the reul world yet. It's
whatlnll your friends are doing. etc. etc.
Let's say. though. that you're here because
you'd like to acquire skill and knowledge in
your field of interest in order to somehow
contribute to the betterment of hummiin ~—
11 noble endeavor!

Being the naive idealist that you ore. you
enter the graduate program. unaware of
the game you'll have to plin in order to
uttniu your gnul

l‘lrst. you meet and are bedazzled by the
brilliance and genius of your professors.
who initially seem like a wonderful bunch
of people. Luckily. you've golten yourself .1
graduate nssistuntslrip which allows you
and your fellow go '5 to develop into a
relatively fun and hardworking group.
'l‘hus. the stage is set for a new and
exciting semester; you are well on your
way to learn. share. and grow.

As you get to know your professors.
however. you begin to see that they aren't
all as friendly with each other as you
asumed. And. as a matter of fact. some
aren't as brilliant as you first perceived
them to be. (in some cases. they're not as
brilliant as they themselves believe they
are!) You also begin to see ,our fellow
classmates joining little "camps" around
those professors whom they regard as
being geniuses. hot. where it's at. etc.

For example. there's the "Drmelth"
group. Dr. Smith is a brilliant man with a
brilliant theory and a winning personality.
Those students turned on by Dr. Smith
and his theory align themselves with him
and “join the camp."

You consider joining yourself. which
would be fine except for a couple of
things. One is that by aligning yourself with
Dr. Smith. you run the risk of alienating
yourself from others in the department. like,
Dr, Jones.. for instance. who has his own
little group of grads. too. You may be
totally awed by Dr. Smith and his great
talent. intelligence. and skill. and therefore
not mind the alienation. On the other
hand. you may value and admire Smith
and Jones equally. What do you do?
Another problem is that you find yourself
wanting to spend time with Smilh because
of his l'lmmcicr and personality You may
even feel us though it's an honor in bi: one
of the "chosen" «'unoug ilw camp liut.
how do you know if you were "chusun"
bemusr' you are personally \‘nlunble. or If
you've been manipulated into joining the
group in order to give Huulh power
through the number of grad Modem willling
in do his Work? l'lu' "Smith" theory. note.
is not your llicoiy. Iliurulon- .my wruk you
do with the Smith theory. wlu'llu'r your
name is on if or not. Wlll be regarded as
Smith's work

So. you're lu’ulnlllg confused. You
confide in some "stile" (unaligned)
professors for help. but you get different
advice from different professors. Besides.
how do you know if any of them genuinely
care about you andyour professional
career. or if they each want you to come
to his or her own way of thinklng?'You
start to feel like. (pardon the cliches), a
mere pawn In the game —— a seal that
needs to be trained — a human "object"

 

 

Who will with blind devotlon. work toward .

 

 

not the betterment of humanity. but toward

the promotion and success of people like
Smith and Jones.

The questions boil down in the
following: What are your goals upon
entering a graduate program and will the
program help you get there? is it possrble
to achieve your goals without going to
camp? is the attainment of your goals
worth the game you must ploy in UltlL‘f' to
achieve them? And. finally. can you play
the game Well enough to gel what you
want in the cud?

The scenario merely scratches the
surface of the many problems.
complications. ill‘ltl decisions in graduate
student must face, Some of the issues illL'
lliuse that you would deal with no mutth
what you decided to do with your life.
However. I believe an academic setting is
one of the only places in tin.. world where
free thinkers are able to discuss many
diverse opinions and thoughts In the
pursuit of knowledge. with the hope of
bettering the condition and quality of life.
Yet. one may easily see how u "naive
idealist" could possibly turn Into a
disillusioned cynic.l l

 

 

 

Worldﬂeport
Say Hello,
Wave

Goodbye

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

“We're strangers meeting for die first time
().K.."'
.lnst smile and say hello
Suy lit‘llU then wave goodbye,
~~Mur(‘ Almond

One day If begun to down upon nu- that
certain rules don't always apply lake for
instance any number of things that are

forbidden for no-no's) likt- low. flli'litl'wlllj). .

or respect. for that mutter
l‘lt'ill tune to time. cvmyum- has unison
to believe that L'llllL'l they or wincon obn-
hos committed some crime against
immunity. Often if we look beyond llic
ngid confines of morality. the gicycr
uspet is of «my issue usually 51ml llw
iliundcr from the overly legalistic.

A suppossed crime takes place of l‘op's
l’iua. What's the exact nature of the
crime? It's the typical array of forces, One
friend feels overly slighth by the other
friend. Warm words lend to damaged
feelings and obstacles to continued
compatibility.

A most human (or Is that humane?)
crime. if a friend is on the outs wlth you.
do you kick him or help hlm? Maybe
s'wm'w ‘5 lire. bestseller. 1.29,).th

 

 

  
   

Vlnlwl
Imp

Shooting weren't so messy.

'l‘uskforce One gets the cull ill lﬁllU
Soon afterward l'm assigned to "check out
the cull and report back " Before i can
leave lunvevei the bureau t‘lilt'f culls me in
fin little clut-(‘luu

"(lurid to see you Agent X. how's the
Wlft‘ dud kids?" The lurieoucmtic ~unile and
life extended lnmd for giccimg mo lips nu.-
ofro something "fishy." The smell of fish
doesn't wox for long Soon It's sitting right
In my lap '

“Sit down Agent .\' I'w lwco meaning
In hove-d «hut With you for ([llllt' .1 while
Now suenh Ihc perfect opportunity to do
just that." HIV laughter in his eyes
produces more llulll its fun shore of
anxiety.

"Sir. I don't moon to be rude but flu'le's
this case l have to gel mucking on | '
wonder  My words mny leave if open
but my mind just wants. out of llus office.

"Speak up. Wlml is on your mind firm
has you a wondering? You wouldn't be
keeping secrets from me Would you?" The
raised eyebrow at the end of his slutenwnl
bothers me.

“No secrets sir. it's just the new case I‘ve
been assigned~" Before l can finish his
voice fills the room with laughter. '

"l . . . i never would have thought you
to be such a gu-getter. Just goes to show
you can't always judge a book by its cover.
i guess ill have in talk to you some other
time —— if that's okay with you. that is. (in
get them. Agent X . . . whoever ‘tlicm' is."
Laughter routs out of his mouth. He
laughs so hard that he shuts to choke.
Then I start to laugh (of course it's out of
his eye sight and em shut).

Hell. the whole problem with success is
failure. Failure. in this case anyway. to
adequately prepare oneself fur the
acceptance of kindness from strangers. l
wonder where M5 [Juliois lives now My
thoughts are brought to focus on the figure
directly in front of me. It's the minor l see.
not myself Reflections on still silver ponds
gather lighl wows so that they (the light
waves) may set my mind awash with
images that orcn'l molly there.

Well that may not he the entire pictuic
but that's llll llu‘ Infoinmtlon l've gullicu-il
(so lot)

llylln- tune I much l’op‘s if has closed for
the owning (Illlllttllgl‘ l confess it looks
i‘litilt‘ llltt‘ lllgilil it: llll‘ l l lln'ti liltlt‘t'i’il ll)
chi-ck out the .uldrvw-s l'w been gin-u
Nobody of homo. .ll |m~t nobody ls
nnswt-nng t‘llllL'l knocks on [he thuu or
telephone calls

lmll lit.) \\'|ll| llilw \wndciful lliblﬂlll and
they tell me to go luiun’ .uul sleep If off
You run always count on lit) to be full of
suggestions to case ilu' lllllLlL'll on its field
agents l'm not without hope. howuvci. I
seem in It't‘till llu' tulillt'SS tlf UHU Mdl'lc
llulmis. ll l mn't Sulh! lliL' cnse I can at
least solve my problem.

"Hello. Is this 5551234 . . . l'm looking
for .1 Ms. Mm‘ie Dubols."

"This Is Marie Dubols speaking. To
whom do I have the pleasure of speaking?"

“This Is Joe. Reml-mber me? l'm the one
you met at that party last'week.”

"Oh Joe. 50 nICe of you to call. To
what do I own this luunor?"

' and say hello." if i get any more nervous
than I already am l’m going to sink my
own ship —— if you catch my drift.

“Joe I‘m glad you called. i had wanted
to get in contact with you but i didn't know
where you live or your [)liullt' number. ‘
Care to stop by for a nlghh up?" I can’t
believe l'm hearing this.

“Sure. Be glad to stop by. See you in
five to to minutes." My heart l5 about to
jump our of my chest as l'm talking.

“Joe. wouldn‘t it be nice if people could
accept kindness from people who weren't
strangers?" ‘

"You've got a point there Marie. Why
don't we talk about it when I get there?"

The crime may be Ilie same but the .

‘ names always change. Looks like HQ was

right — I better go sleep this one bill]

 

 

 

Keepingllp

 Torch
Song

Bethany Goldeteln .

l

i

y c .4 -_ ._._s. _
l

Why is It that i never can keep a
disposable lighter for more than a week? l'll

l tell you why! i live in a world of
pymmunlacul kleptomanlacs Unscrupulous
people who ask to borrow my fighter for a

‘ minute and then disappear. never to be

; seen again, People who get me drunk.

' then wait for me to put downmy llghter so
they can pocket it. leaving me maichless'
and nlcotinefitted. l go up to someone
with a cigarette and ask for a light and it's

. taken to be a line. The embarrassment and

l degradation l am put through by these low-

' muraled thieves!

l used to try to color-coordinate — 1 had
a black lighter for days when i wanted to
look slimmer: a blue lighter to match a
rugged denim look; a reddish brown one
to play up my lmrnitation Docksiders (all
right. so l'm not perfect): also. a bonus-
pack — three Cricket lighters In a package
that only cost $1.09. That's more than
three thousand lights. but l'm lucky If i got
thirty. All these lighters are now missing.
and l'm not a person to lose things.

Oh. now you say. “Come on. Both. it's
such a little thing. Just buy another
lighter." You buy your own lighter! l'm sick
of being used. f can deal with someone
playing with my lighter. like adjusting the
flame to torch level so l. unsuspecting. light
my hair. That's okay. it's only my hair
burning. lt'll grow back. But I had a party

! and I lost three (count 'cm. three!) lighters.

‘ Is that any way to treat a good hostess? My

' hearl is broken.

I have Iiicd selting traps, I would put my
lighter in a Inuusutmp and wait behind a

‘ plusuc plant I would want umil l heard
snap and run out of hiding All I would

. find was the sprung mousctmp with n
pencil Ill it und .1 note that sold. “I in. ha.

. sucker. l'm too swifl for you!"

' I hired n [lll\'ﬂl\' investigator. He thought

, l was cur/.y when I explained my problem.

 'l'hcn he soid. "Two hundch dollars a day.

j plus cxpcnsus." You know what he came
up with after three days? An ashtray full of
Parliament butts and cumplnints of
ucquuing n hocking cough from flying to
solve the case. 1 let him off. paying with a
carton of Camels and a box of kitchen
matches He was only too grateful to
accept. l. however. still had the problem.

And I still do liave the problem. It's cost
me a fortune. l figure in the last two
months. I've bought 20 lighters — equal in
cost to two cartons of cigarettes. Is that nit-
plcklng? No! It's nit—plcklng' to steal
something that small.

I I address you unfeellng. butanlc Bonnie
:and Clydes: Don't take my new lighter or

"Nothing much. I Ms Wham ...c...... .. (l’ll break your illumbsllilkclmlneddozmy

“l‘i‘LUl‘S‘ ll"_”_"!_l‘_ll‘_‘£‘i‘il‘3'f"l

1"": ibslfmmwﬂliif 

   

April 16, 19412459.: 30

 

 

 

 

...,...¢..‘«...>—M wee—34'"

40 “as,

 

