      
 
  

   

 
 
   
  
  
 
     
 
    
 
   
     
       
  
  
  

l
l
l

.51.;g. - .dcﬁt;._ ‘0;

  
  
    
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
    
  

   
   
  
 
   
 
    

   

 

 

 

 

 

page 6a/February 23. 1982 '

OUND

 

  

& V lSlON

 

 

‘ ' The Touch Of A Poet

restricted to an educated elite.
_ Robert Bly's performance Tuesday
night was refreshingly down to earth. Mixing

I n an age in which poetry has been

comedy with Intensity. Bly took off his shoes

and recited sixteen poems by various authors
—— from 15th century lndtan poetry to the
most recent collection of his own. The Man
In the Black Coat Turns

Deborah Miliman

Since his first book. Silence In the Snowy
Fields, Bly has been awarded a National
Book Award and published six other books
of poetry and translations. Teaching at the
Buddhist oriented Naropa Institute In
Boulder. Colorado. with Allen Ginsberg and
Peter Orlovsky. he is preoccupied with
spirituality and a higher. egoless con-
sciousness. A student of macrobiotic nutri-
ionist Mtchto Kusht. he is also an antiwar ac-
:lvlst and a performer on many campuses.

   

 

 

Frequently he writes political verse. Bly
opened his show translating a French poem
about doors. He reminded the audience that
17th century poet John Milton had never
written about doors. He went on to recite a
Spanish poem by Pablo Naruda titled “Ode
to My Socks:

Beauty is twice beauty and good is doubly
good when socks are made of wool.

' Bly opened his second set of poems by say-

ing that "in America poets write for only lif-
teen minutes a day because they are waiting
for Inspiration." But he insisted he had Work-
ed for six years on the poem he would read ‘
next. entitled "11 o'clock at Night." The
struggle ~was apparant; Bly‘s reading was
magnetic. He accompanied himself on a
dulcimer; the music consisted of sublime. ln—
dlan rhythms and perfectly set the mood for
the poem:

"Many times In a poem I haue escaped —
from myself. fsli for hours and at last see a
pinhole. gone! The genie expands and ls~.
gone. no one can get him back In the botlle
again; he is houerlng ouer a car cemetery
somewhere. ” .

During the second set. dealing with fathers
and sons. Bly invited a member of the au-
dletrce to read a poem by Spanish poet

 

ﬁr'fvi‘nﬂo Town La

 

thka In the original language. The set dealt
with the conspiracies that exist in members of
a family and Bly rearl one of his own poems.
"My Father's Wedding in 1921." He insisted
“men are gettlrig sick of being loved as
women." He explained the distance between
emotions. needs and desires and again suc-
cessfully accompanied himself on the
dulctmer.

Bly's last th sets were fitted "Love" and

"Learned insanity." In the first he read two
poems by W.B. Yeats. one of which the au-
dience demanded he repeat three times. He
gladly complied. He continued by reciting a
Chinese poem "The Tar? T'Chtng"
translated: “Wild Thought Book." and
before reciting a Norwegian poem. he put on
a frog mask he bought in Bali and asked us

a. . _ vim".
.

 

 

to examine the consciousness of its eyes.

Bly concluded his show with a poem of his
“Six Winter Privacy Poems of My Own."
which posed the question of where joy exists
~— In the body. the soul. or “a third place."
Bly's performance answered this question for
me: the joy existed in a third place — In his
pure and original poetry.

ith The Sweet

she was outside. seated on the curbstone
next to a cab. She could feel what it was like
to be in the cab: she was familiar with the

e Bitter

errutt's been compared to some of
the best. Her style conjures up im-

 

ages of Bob Dylan and Leonard '
Cohen. Her honesty reminds many of Neil
Young. These were artists who articulated
the consciousness of the l‘Jﬁfl's. For all her
(10's folk rock influences. Ferrun is a woman
who speaks to the Hfl's.

Lynn Goldberg

The Canadian folk singer poet appenred
Monday to a full house at the Third Street
Theater in Rennselacr. wits is Ferron's first
east coast tour. promotit g her most recent
album Testimony. produced in the United
States on the folk label l’hilo Records in Ver-
mont Her first twii albums are currently out
of print. The concert was produced with the
cooperation of the Tn-City Women's Center.
Rainbow Women's Concerts. and the Third
Street Theater.

Accompanying herself on acoustic guitar.
Ferron sang of the experiences of her au-
dience. and was surprised when they sang
along. She may be used to playing to familiar
crowds in Vancouver Coffeehouses. where
she got her start. but she hasn't realized the
extent to which her music has caught on In
the United States. The audience. primarily
women. remembered her from the Michigan
Womens' Music Festival this past summer.

I cess of this past summer's ex-
ecrable Camln'At Ya! has rather

predictably spawned a new wave of interest
in 3-D. While we wal't with baited breath for
such new 3-D epics as Seein' Is Belieuitr'
(from the wonderful folks who gave us Corri-
in' At Yaf). Rottweiler (about nasty 3-D at-
tack dogs). and Surjln'l! (yes. with two exs
clamation marks). Warner Brothers has
rereleased the 1953 film. House 0/ Wax.

Jim Dixon

I can't say what the new 3-D films will be
like. If Comin' At Ya/ Is any indication. it
could be a long summer. But House of Wax.
seldom seen in Its original 3-D format since
its numerous showing on TV. is a treat.

House of Wax isn't likely to scare modern
horror movie audiences. who will find some
"f " funny and much of it predictable. But
“mm” “‘8 recent run of

     

  

he remarkable commercial suc-

 

 

Men arid women know her as a talented ft ilk
musician from her appearance at the Van‘
couver Folk Festival.

Ferron caught her audience with lyrics of
strength. happiness. independence. and
longing. She held them with her sense of
humor. Sipping Cider frotn her cat mug. she
explained that-sire wanted the audience to
help with the next song. She hoped we
wouldn't find it too difficult to grasp. It was.
you see. in Canadian.

. Very,

"Slab'em/Slash'ems." it's a class act. There
is. first of all. something resembling a script.
Vincent Price plays a prototype Vincent
Price role. before the mold was established.
Basically It's a Phantom of the Opera-type
story of a wronged artist seeking horrible
revenge against his enemies.

Actually. there's little violence in the film.
and virtually no blood Is shed onscamcra.
And. unlike most 3-D films. the impact of the
3-D is not felt principally in throwing objects
at the camera. Director Andre De Toth knew
what he was doing with the gimmick far bet‘
ter than most filmmakers that have used it.
The 3-D gives an absolutely eerie sense of
depth to the lush period sets (Nonetheless.
one of the principle drawbacks of 3-D still
pops up. in certain long shots. people tend
to appear as cardboard cutouts standing in a
deep background). De Tolh does throw a
few things at the camera from time to time

though. but by not overusing the effect. "'5’

startling when he does. in one of the most

  

Ferrrm

Her humor was. however. cut with hard-
ness and sometimes pain. as she described
her own life — as a teenager alone In the city
with no money, as a cab driver. She joked
that if we bought her album it would keep
her out of the cabs. (Her album sold out at
the concert.) Yet as Ferron sang and spoke.
one didn‘t sense bitterness. but rather deter-
mination to overcome the pain and create a
fulfilling life.

She told a story. The city was dark and

smells and textures. All of a sudden. the cab-
ble turned the cab lights off —- while the lights
will“! city went out simultaneously. The next
moment the sun rose. Site described it as
breathtaking. She said. “l take tnv gifts
where l can find them. "

The women iii the audience felt her deter r
mination. “She makes you feel that you can
do anything," said one Woman during the in»
termission. “You feel that you. as a woman
are strong enough to get up when society
drags you down "

This is very much an issue iii the 1980's.
as more people are beginning to understand
how we have kept each other down. and
how we limit ourselves. Ferron builds
strength through her example. and she
builds unity through her lyrics that mirror the
lives of her audiences.

Her songs and her thoughts are perhaps
reminders to herself. They are messages to
her audience. and they are lessons to the
children. to whom she dedicated this verse
from her title song “Testimony” —

By your lives. be you spirits
By your hearts. be you women
By your eyes. be you open
By your hands. be you inhale.

ery Fine_ House

unusual effects. a young Charles Bronson
(playing a character who's actually named
Igor) rushes into a shot. appearing to come
from the audience.

Despite its dated effect. House of Wax is
an unfailingly entertaining movie. The color
in the rereleasc prints is acceptable. on a par
with several newer releases. and the 3-D is
exceptionally effectivc.Vincent Price.
seldom given his due as an actor. turns in a
clever. understated performance. and is sup-
ported by a professional. competent cast of
character actors. The script is predictable but
light. and De Toth milks it and all his assets
thoroughly.

While we hope for the best and expect the
worst. at least a few more old treasures like

 

this may get ' J When the 1.. “ "

rush of new 3-D movies appears. an old-
fashioned horror movie like House of Wax
should be a good yardstick to measure them
by. D

The Price is right: Vincent that is. ironi-
ming ,it up In De Tuth's classy 3-!)
House of Wax.

  

 

rho... h.- r...m Tassmnttrﬂll‘.‘

popular character In The Boys In

The Band is the campy. effeminate
Emory. his the current University Theater
production. which runs tonight and tomor-
row and Febrary 23-27. Steve Lats plays this
portly interior decorator as all flirting and
swish and lisp. caVorting with the seven
other homosexuals at a friend's birthday par-

1 t's not surprising that the most

 

ty like Sophie Tucker on speed.
Andrew Carroll

limory's popularin shows just what is
wrong with Mart Crowley's 1968 play. He's
popular because he's just what straight an-
dtences expect front its guys: with his loud
clothes. limp wrist and lightly rouged cheeks.
there is no mistaking that he is a homosex—

 

 

 

ual. The ,audlence Isn't confronted witlr' ..-. ,

homosexuality as. a normal.- everyday.
lifestyle. Rather. the straight theater goer is,
asked to say that the gay ‘is very different
from you and me. 1  ' . . 

Nor do : airy of, JlllC’ other characters
assembled for the party dispel notions of ab-
normality. Crowley presents the homosexual
as altohollc. pill-popper. hustler. neurotic
and/or failed heterosexual. in that sense. it
doesn't seem a very daring play. even when
considering its late sixties context.

All this comes to light durtrrg an evening at
Michael's house. Michael is a bundle of
Roman Catholic angst. trying to quit drink-
ing and pill-popping at his psycltiatrlst's sug-
gestion. Donald is his lover, out from "the
Hampton’s for the party and to visfl his
psychiatrist ("Maybe after about ten more
years of analysis I'll be able to stay one
night." he tells Michael). The inert are soon
joined by Emmy, "roommates" Larry and

_ Hank. and the black Bernard — whom
limory refers to as “The Queen of Spades."
All become anxious awaiting both the birth-
day boy Harold. and Michael's old college
friend Alan. who not only is straight but
believes Michael is straight as Well.

The writing in this first act is sharp and fun-
ny. Directory Peter Bennett has a sure hand
with comedic pacing and the quick bitchy
dialogue. Unfortunately. act twu is twice as
long. and (thanks nrostly to Crowley) seems
to last twice that.

Things turn ugly at Alan's surprise en-
trance. Why he's come at all remains an
enigma that Crowley never fully answers.
Michael says that Alan had been crying on
the phone. and there are hints (and later. ac-
cusations) of latent homosexuality. but Alan
never develops much beyond a foil for the

Making Good On Maki

here's more to love than making
I love." reads the ads for the new
movie. and they're right. Making
Love is not about homosexuality. It's about
relationships. art admittedly trite Word but
one that belongs here. And although the
developing relationship is between two men.
the enduring. stronger one is between a hus-
band imd wife who find their love tested —
and changed —— but ultimately deeper than
the circumstances that end their marriage.

Jessica Treadway

The pivotal character in the filtn's triangle
is Zach Elliott. -a 30 year-old doctor who
scents to have it all; a successful career. a
stunning. committed wife.‘ a California
dream house with a fireplace n the
bedroom. But Zach (played with just the
right sensitivity by Michael Ontkean) s
bothered by a “curiousity” about making
love to another man. although his marriage
to Claire (Kate Jackson) is a solid and satisfy
ing otre. he finds himself attracted to one of
his patients. Bart (Harry Hamlin). a somber
and fickle novelist who says he is happy
because he is alone: “You get to have the

. whole bowl of popcorn to yourself."

Zach and Bart become lovers. and it's
here that director Arthur Hlller enters darlr‘g
new ground in the big-screen business.
Rather than stop short of showing us any ac?

 

 

 

‘Unhapp
. aunt in The Boys in The Baird, this week
" Arts Center.

a

sauna

. &VISION

- Who's Arraidbearth

#I

.V.‘

other men's humor. Taking offense at
limory's camping (the lady doth protest too
much?). Alan bloodles his nose. leading us
right into the nastiness of Act Tth.

The second act belongs to Michael. or at
least should. as bolstered by drink he begins
to take out his anxieties on the other men.
He proposes a game called l'Affnirs of the
Heart." in which the men must phone the
one person they've always loved and tell him
or her of his feelings.

What ensues is one gut-spilling. clothes-
rendlng scene after another. as one by one
the men make their phone calls. The act
makes you realize how very many men there
are on stage. and has you praying for a busy
signal.

Gregg Berrlan as Michael doesn't help
matters. He lacks the charisma needed to
make Michael a convincing manipulator.
You have to wonder why much ’larger
characters feel covied by so inconsequential
a perSonality. The other actors are more suc-
cessful. Mark Saks does well in the juicy. un-
challenglng role of Harold. a character who
consists mainly of one-liners and pointed.
meaningful remarks (“What I am is a
32-year-old. ugly. pockmarked Jew
fairy. . ."). As straight Alan. Joe Travers
presents a convincing portrait of middle-class
revulsion and fascination. He certainly looks
the part itr his white dinner jacket. black
cummerbund. and black shoes.

As the jealous lovers Larry and Hank.

yfoulng couples: Gregg Berrtan plays Michael and Howard Garner ls Ber-

. 1-;~~,s..,.,....,. -.,_,,w n
. . g.......-...y.. pas-ﬁm-uaow.“Ul.uJ¢-.2".tihrsn’v'xm u. w -v,.'uu‘.1rnllu‘ . a . .. . -, «_ .' .1 .

 

I .-'

in the Studio Theatre of the Per/ormfhg
phntr- t... Will You“... tll's
believable tension. Larry wants an open rela'
tionshtp. while Hank ~— math teacher. father
of twu — believes in fidelity. Their's is the
only comparatively healthy portrait of
homosexual love.
Howard Garner as Bernard doesn't get
much to do. as Crowley only skims the sur-
face of the dramatic possibilities of being

.(continued [mm page 5o)

All three men acknowledge that the scope
of the play is small. Though he admires the
balanced sense of social class in the play.
McPartlin adds. “it is basically directed at a
gay audience. it has no context in the rest of
society. The conflict is all In that one apart-
ment. it doesn‘t extend outward." ’

Bennett admits that the work gives “a
limited view of gay men with their gay friends
in a dramatically heightened situation
designed to reach a climax. However. he
feels that. "the major message of the play ——
that you can't love anyone until you love
yourself — extends beyond just the gay com—
munity. As long as people can still laugh and
be moved by it. the play deserves to be
seen."

Bell would disagree with this last state-

 

 

,gb 2"rﬁn‘V-M .

. than in the unsatisfactory manner In which it

 

February-23; >1982/‘t3ag'eje '

      
   



homosexual and black. But Mark Norman-
dln is a real find as Cowboy. the none-too‘
bright stud Emory hires as Harold's birthday
gift. Confused by Yiddishlsms and all the
hysterical goings-on. he. reﬂects much more
of the audiences feelings than Crowley pro-
bably intended.

Bennett intended his Boys In The Band as
a “period piece." which seems a bit of a cop—
out considering the debate over this 14-year-
old play's relevance. As a result. the
costumes and sets take on particular impor-
tatrce lf Crowley's designation of the play as
taking place "in the Present" ls taken to
mean 1968. Both Amy Koplow's costumes
and David Salzberg's set. are adequate
(Larry's jumpsuit and scarf is an Indication of
time. as is Michael's “Funny Girl" poster).
but neither seems overwhelmingly slxty-ish.

Rather than extending so much effort to
create Instant nostalgia for a time when peo-
ple were supposedly more naive then today.
time might better have been spent presenting
as play which recognizes that modern au-
diences are still very much in the dark. After
Michael breaks down in the final scenes
(“You're a homl. 1xual and you don't want
to be." says Harold). he pauses at the door
to say to Donald. “As my father said to me
when he died in my arms. ll don't unders-

‘tand any of it. i never'dld."'

With a play like Boys In The Band. he
never will. [J

Reconsidering The Boys

. ment. He thinks the play ls “poorly con-

structed. The first act is an entertaining pelce
of theatre. The bitchy dialogue is very funny.
But the second act. with its shades of Who's
Afraid of Virginia Woolf. just falls flat. it's
boring as heck."

Despite what Bennett said. most of the
gays l spoke with are not impressed with the‘
play. They concede that. since it was written
before the gay activist movetnent. they could
not expect It to be very political. But as
McPartltn said. “The lack of politics makes it
hard for many gays to relate to It. We simply
don't feel that way about ourselves
anymore."

in 1968 Boys In the Band was an impor»
tant breakthrough. But seen today its
relevance may lie more in the issues it raises

raises them. - Mark Ron-Ier

 

 

Peter Wilson and Brian McNamara create

WW
- it! [If] E11195! V"
't'tst:';= *1"

Coming to grips: Micf
married man's switch to homosexuality.

tual lovemaking between the two. the filth
allows us to see the men kiss each other and
embrace beneath the bedsheeis. These
scenes are juxtaposed with Zach's cor-
responding impotence in his marriage bed.
His wife becomes suspicious (she thinks it's
another wotnan) and Zach is tormented by
confusion and guilt. He loves Claire. but he
wants to be with Bart. Zach can't allow
himself to consider a compromise. as Claire

suggests after her own inner struggle (“We

can accept it. and live with It. Other mar-
riages do"). He's sensitive enough to know

  

rael Ontkean and Kate Jackson star in Making Love, about a '

that this Would be unfair to Claire. and his.
solution is a complete break. leaving both of
them free to make new lives for themselves.

Claire doesn't want this "freedom." but
she loves Zach so much that she wants the
best for him. and intellectually she knows
that the change In his lifestyle. and thus In
their life together, is irrevocable. Kate
Jackson ts excellent as the “victim” who finds
herself powerless to control the changes
Zach's "discovery" had made In her own life.
She brings a straightforward compassion to
the role that is genuinely touching. and we

ng Love

are moved by her wish that Zach be happy.
despite what it means to their marriage.
Claire‘s selflessness is particularly il-
luminated in light of Bart's selfishness. and it
is these two polar characteristics in the peo-
ple he loves that tug at Zach's loyalties.
When he recognizes that he must leave one
life and love for another. he tells Bart that he
loves him; Bart's reaction — he's scared off
—— confirms our original impression of him as
an emotional weakling afraid of personal lnA
volvement. V I
The film takes the novelty of its theme a
step further trhan merely Introducing twa
characters under the broad label of
"homosexual." ln Zach and Bart. we have
two very different people struggling within

the confines of this label. Zach wants a long-.

term relationship with one person. while
Bart's Involvements are one-night stands
with non-emotional attachment. At the end,
we're glad. like Claire, that she and Zach are
happy. We don't know what happens to
Bart, but we don't really care. either. His
vanity and self-concern exclude him from
our sympathy.

Making Love doesn't try to define or ex-
plain homosexuality. nor does it exploit the
sitcom stereotypes television usually resorts
to in dealing with the subject. its biggest plus.
though. is the on-screen chemistry between
Jackson and Ontkean. it works. and it's
worth seeing. Cl

 

 
   
 

was“

.. .‘LTV‘... we” m-

   

    
   
    
  
  

 

~\-»—.u..w.,4_
vxw

 
 
 

 

    
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 

  

