 

 
 
      

 
 
   
    

an: ms.“

 

g.

i

 

.
.

 

 

 

By Marc Haspei
SPORTS EDITOR

 

The Albany State Great Danes deﬁned
the word resiliency Wednesday evening at
University Gym. After a very lackluster
first half. the Danes roared back onto the
court for the second half and poorer! in 42
points en route to a 62-50 win over titeir
conference rivals the Oneonta Red
Dragons.

All season the Danes have beeti coming
out strong in tire second half, “1 think we
get a little more aggressive in the second
lialf somehow." said Albatiy State eo-
captain Mike Gatto.

Both John Dieckelmari and Dan Croutier
were relatively quiet in the first half. lnrt
botlt shot well in tire second. Croutier led
the list of scorers with 16 points. while
Dieckeiman contributed 14 points to the
winning cause.

"in the second half." Croutier srtid. “we
were working the brill ittside much better
and we hit otir outside shots.“

Croutier played aggressive defense the
entire game and continually frustrated the
Dragon dribblcrs with his fancy ball steril-
ing moves.

“Croutier‘s the best guard in the
lcagtre.“ said ()iiconta head basketball
coach Don Flewciling. “You trike him otrt
of the brill game and it's' a one point gatrre
with a itrinute to go. it‘s that simple."

Albany State basketball head coach Dick
Satiers also praised his point gttard for his
fine play. "if we had a game ball to give
out. it would certainly have to go to Danny.
He was the only one who played aggressive
defense in the first half," he said.

Albany did not look sharp iii that open-
ing half at all. The Danes were missing out-
sidc shots arid were unable to work the hall
inside on the Dragons.

With five minutes to play lli that half.

 

is

qt. w"

 

 

ports

Danesdefeat Dragons with second half surge

 

 

ALAN TALEM UPS

Jan Zadoorian is part of the aggressive Dane defense that has sparked the

team to a live game winning streak.

Croutier tttade a nifty pass to Dieckeltnan
who sank the basket to give the Danes a
temporary 20-18 lead. lint three
unanswered buckets. two by freshman for-
ward Vaughn (iibbs and one by junior
center Mike Pocyntyluk, who led his tcatri
iti scoritig with 11 poitits iii the game. gave

the Dragons a four-point halftime advttn-
tagc.

“They ltad its spread out and were doing
a good job of it." .said Sitticrs..“Wc were
certainly irt trouble in that first half."

But that trottble quickly dissipated when
the Daites returned to the court.

Women cagers
.win pageza

DECEMBER I 0, I982

Dieckelman set the tempo with two 5th-
cessful outside jump sh0ts in the first
minute of play. Croutier then followed with
a jump shot from the top of the key to give
the Danes back the lead.

After Dragon Dan iiagan hit two free
throws. botii teams exchanged field goals to
even out the score a final time before the
Danes went on a 12-2 point scoring binge.

Wilson Thomas drove to the hoop to give
Albany its first 10 point lead with just rttider
10 tiririutcs to play in the gatirc. Nearly six
minutes later. Thomas threw down a
thundering jam that brought the crowd to
its feet. Thomas finished the evening with
11 points.

The Datics never looked back again as
Albany confidently pulled to a 12~poiut vic-
tory.

(iatto offered a simple explanation to tire
Danes' success iii the second irrilf. “Tire ball
started going iii and we started playing
defense." he said.

The win raised Albany's season record to
rrti impressive (r-l while lifting the Danes
SU NY conference record to 2-0. 'l‘orttorrow
cvcrritrg the Danes host SUNYAC rival
Potsdam iti a game which will give the win<
ricr stile possession of first place iii lltc Past
division. last season the Potsdam Bears
received an NCAA playoff bid lit the North
liast rcgioti and tirade the best of it going all
the any to the final game for the second
consecutive s -asott (see other story).

After tomorrow night's atirtir. the Danes
will take rt 17~day holiday break before
returning to action for the (treat Dattc
Classic featuring Albatty. llrttnilton Col-
lege. Scranton arid St. lawtencc University
oti December 2‘) arid 31).

All Albany-Potsdam action begins at
8:30 p.tii. and can he heard on 91 PM with
Phil l’ivnick and Howard Strudlcr. '

 

Albany and Potsdam fight for first in SUN YAC

 

Marc Schwarz
ASSUCM I'b SPUR 7.1; EDITOR

 

History shows that when Albany meets
Potsdam. first place in the SUNYAC-East
is at stake.

History will repeat itself Saturday night
in University Gym.

The NCAA Division 111 runnerup Beats
of Potsdam will invade Albany with a 1-0
conference record, 4-2 overall, to do battle
with the Danes. who are 2-0 in SUNYAC
play and 6-1 overall. The winner will be the
only undefeated team in the division and
maintain sole possession of first place enter-
ing the witrtcr break.

Potsdam-Albany is more than just a fight
for first place. it is the best rivalry iri Divi-
sion ill. it attracts not only the attention of
the dedicated basketball farts. bttt for one
night the school is enveloped with Dane-
mania. University (iym is packed. banners
anti streamers cover the walls. The deafen-
ing roar of the crowd cchos through the
usually placid halls of tlrc gym.

“Thc adrenilin is always flowing for the
Potsdam garlic," .iolur Dicekchnan said
following Wednesday night’s victory over
Oneonta. “People were saying all week,
‘Potsdam game is on Saturday.'. you didn't
hear. ‘Onconta game. Wednesday night.“
We are big rivals and we want to go ittto the
break 3-0."

“it's a tough game and a lot more in—
tense." Dan Croutier said. “We have to be
really up for the game."

Albany will enter the game riding the
crest of a five game winning streak while
Potsdam is looking to bounce back from a
tough 45-44 loss to Nazareth.

“The team that wins will have one up in
the conference." Potsdam head coach Jerry

Welsh said. “Naturally both teams are very
good. Every gatnc in the SUNYAC is irri-
portant. but especially when it is Albany-
Potsdam.”

I‘it is very significant in the SUNYAC."
Albany head coach Dick Saucrs said. “The
team that wins the East hosts the playoffs
and that is a definite advantage."

The game will feature contrasting styles
of play as Albany will have to stop the
Bears run-and-gun offense. “The big pro-

blcrn is to stop their break. We have to
make tlrctir set up." Satiers said. “They are
a very good team when they run."

The Bears will have to contend with
Albany’s patient ball control offense.
“Albany is a well balanced team. They are
Well coached and you have to have excellent
execution to beat them," Welsh said.

The two key matchups will be
Dieckeltnan and Potsdam center Gary

 

 

 

Sparks and Croutier and Bear Lcroy

".

    

‘ a

\x c
«a.

 

....M

 

ALAN SALEM UPS

Dan Croutier. bringing up the ball. was the leading scorer against Oneonta with
16 points. John Dlekolman (left) put In 14 points.

Witherspoott. Sparks. a 6’7" senior. was
second to All-American Maurice \Voods itr
scoring rind rebounding last year. With the
graduation of Woods. Sparks is the key
man in the middle on offense and defense.
“He is a good shooter and player. [‘11 have
to dctiy him the ball." said Dieckelman.

Sparks will have to stop Dieckeiman on
offense and cotitrol the 6'5" senior on the
boards. Dieckelman is leading iltc Icam iti
rcbottnds ttlltl has regaiticd his shooting
touch of the past two years.

Witherspoott is the sparkplug and the
quarterback of the items. according to
Welsh. ill the past. the Danes have been
able to contain him by placing Mike (irrtto
on him defensively. "l'tn bigch than him
and he‘s not used to having someone big
guarditig lritrr. lie doesn't like to take his
jump shot against tne arid that‘s how ire
burns people. with his iump shot.“ (iritto
said.

However. Saucrs will tiratcir ('routicr
against liirtt. at least to start the game. “I‘m
going. to do that because of the way the
Potsdam offense is structttrcd this year.“
Satrers said.

Other tnatchups will find Dane guards.
Jan Zadoorian and Dave Adam on
Potsdam's third scoring threat, Marty
(iroginski. (iatto will probably pick up .Iim
Sigona and Wilsott Thomas will cover the
Bears final starter. Bill i’erkowski or Curtis
Bullock. Perkowski is returning to Potsdatrt
after a year iti nursing school.

“We lrrive to stop their lltrcc scorers.
Sparks. Witherspoott and (irogittski. if we
want to win." Satters said.

“We are a tnucli better team than we
were last year." Setters added. How good?

23>

 

 

  

 

.:..H‘\‘;p§4~f:1r'w5&a‘n .

 

VOLUME LXXU

ALBANY
STUDENT
' PRESS

 

 

Friday

January 28," 1983

  
 

NUMBER 1

 

 

 

 

SUNYA athletic
program could
be upgraded

to Division I

 

Mark Schwarl

By
ASSOCIA Tl'.‘ SPORE EDITOR

___,______..__.._._.___

A preliminary proposal by a special
SUNY task force could lead to an
upgrading of the SUNY athletic program
from Divison ill to Division 1.

The proposal calls for the institution of a
rrtandatory stttderit athletic fec to support
the sports progratit and would remove the
control of athletics funding frotn the stu-
dent govcrrtrnctit into the irunds of an
Atirlctic lioard of Control appointed by
each campus president.

The Special Task Force on the Quality of
Student Life also proposed that state
schools be allowed to giv- athletic grants iii
aid. provided no state funds were involved.
This would reverse a long standing SUNY
policy.

The proposals of the task force tticctittg
were leaked to the litt/fuln Evening News
on Jatrttary 25 by an anonymous source.
SASU Vice President arid task force
member Scott chlcr confirmed the
source's reports as being "very. very ac-
curate.“

The proposals were approved by the 27
member task force and a writtett report is
being drafted. according to chler. “The
written report should be ottt lit a day or
two." chler said. adding that the report
will then be sent to the task force members
for their cotrtrttctrts and reactions. Ari of-
ficial report will not be released until the
task force officially meets agaitr sometime
after May 1.

('lirrucellot ('liftou Wharton. .ir. has the
authority to approve. reject or tnodify the
report. before any of the proposals recour-
trrctrdctl by the task force could trike cffcct.
Wharton ttrnst then sttbiriit the piati to the
SUNY lloard of Trustees for their ap-
proval. Its prt age by thc lioard would
allow each individual catitptts president to
decide whether to itrrplettietit the piair.

“There has been no proposal froin the
task force at this tirtre. said task force
ttrcttiber and SUNY administrator Dr.
Ronald iiristow. “The task force has takett
no official actiotr at this tittie. " ill very
ttrticli an ititcrtial process. A prehtttinary
draft of what may be the report is being
drawn up," he added.

“it's unfortunate that all this hit the
media." Bristow noted. “it implies more
tirati actually exists. it's all very
preliminary."

intercollegiate intramural athletics are
supported by students tltrottglt the student
activity fee. Since 1967 it lras been SUNY
policy that tile state should support
athletics. according to chlcr. Since the
state has been either utrwillitrg or utrahlc to
expend the money. financing of athletics
has rested on the shoulders of the students.
The studcnt activity fcc goes to tire student
govctrurrcnt. who then draws tip It budget.
appropirrting money to the athletic depart»

 

 

IllClll. .
“llrc students pay the activity fcc.
llrokcu down ill the present fiscal year.
‘ilitl.(r77 goes to intercollegiate athletics
mid about $50,000 goes to the irrtrarrrural
program." SA l'rcsidcnt lvlikc (‘orso said.
“in the new lriidgct I will be writing for
1983<81L 1 just got the break down cliatrgcd.
The activity fee will be $90 with $21 for iti-
tcrcollcgirite sports attd a minimum of $5
for intraniurals. That would be upwards of
$300,000. tin increase of 330.000 to $50,000
for both."

Corso. like other SUNY student govern-
tncnt presidents, works with the Athletic

11>

 

 

    
 
    

r

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lly Atny Kilgus
The 13 foot ‘ ish" on the top of the
campus cetitcr is actttally a telecommunica-
tions receptor that will be receiving satellite
TV signals beginning this afternoon during
the departrtietrt of contirruitig studies'
teleconference.

The receptor will be picking up TV
signals sctit by the University of Nebraska
atrd Atricrican University from lliL' Wcstar
satellite. according to Dean of (‘outitnring
Studies Richard Dressttcr. who is itr charge
of tire program.

Albany is part of the first university
established teleconference network. Sixty»
five ttnirctsitics across the country have
joined to form tltc National University
'l'clccotifercncc Network. Time is one
center in each state and sortie of the larger
states have two, according to Dressnct‘.

()f the sixty-five universities. all have the
capacity to receive. Dressncr says Albany
does not have transtrritting ability due to the
large expense. however he hopes we will be
able to have the ability ill the future.

The dish~shaped receptor cart be rotated
to pick ttp any of fourteen satellites by a
ptisli of a button in the Educational Cont-
niunications Center. The dish will be
rotated to point to the Westar satellite at
lunch todav to pick up today’s prottratn.

The top of the campus center was chosen

   

 

 

   

‘ Sixty-five universities
across the country have
joined to form the
National Universin
 Teleconference Network

 

ED MAHUSSICH UPS

“Later tower dwarls toleconimunlcati‘onswraoeptor I 7
Can be roluletl Io pick up (my o/ﬂ/‘orrr/ecn stile/lites.

Campus Center ‘dish’ receptor
serves up telecommunications

as the site for the receptor for two main
reasons. according to (itant Van Patten.
Director of the lédrrcationrrl (‘ourmunica-
tiorrs ('ctttcr in charge of the technical
aspects of tire satellite.

Van Patten said the site would permit the
receptor to tutre ittto each of the fourteen
satellites separately. l-‘utthcrurore. the loca~
tiort was chosen for economical reasons,
since a hook up front the lit.‘(‘ to the cum»
ptt‘. cctrtct’ rcqtrircd lcss cubic than other
sights considered.

The receptor was lifted and plural on the
campus cctttcr roof by a ct.ruc about three
weeks ago.

According to Dressnct. 15 people. lrortr
state agencies. private sector» .Iliil [Links
will attend tltc first program today at l;.llt
p.tu, iii the |it'(', l'ach has prtrrl $175 m
ioin this seminar.

The seminar \\rll consist of three hours of
satellite transmissions to be supplcrrtcrrtctl
by discussions and case study sessions
directed by Will llolstcin of SUNYA's
School of Business.

l-lolstcin was itrvitcd by Dressncr to ad-
dress the seminar. who said he is “excited

about tltc concept" of teleconferencing
since it “spreads high level talctlt to a larger
audience than could be done in person."
lie added that there will probably be some
“goof-ups" and is interested to see how the
day will progress. 1:]

 

 

 

Tuition hike is
considered by
Cuomo; SASU
on the lookout

By Tony Silber

hI/III’ WRITER

 

 

At a January 20 press conference.
Govenor Mario Cuomo announced his in-
tctriiori to consider SUNY tuition increases
among his options in closing New York
State's budget deficit. This announcement
has been met with “shock and disappoint-
ment" by SASU.

However. the Student Association of the
State University of New York expressed
satisfaction that the governor intends to
coirdtict a dialogue with students. following
a pltotre call by Cuomo to SASU President
.liirt Tierney.

In arJanunry 21 pr 'ss release atnl in iri-
tcrvicws. SASU ofl‘i itidicatcd their
displeasure with the Governor‘s position.
According to the release. Ticrticy said. “We
support Governor Cttorno‘s efforts to close
this ettorrrrous budget gap. However, we do
not support his proposal to balaticc the
budget by pricing students out of a SUNY
education.”

Responding to a question at tltc press
conference. (‘uomo asserted that a tuition
increase for SUNY has been suggested as
option for consideration. but qualificdhis

 
 

stand. saying. “They have suggested has a '
real thing, but that doesn't trieritt thatThnve '

agreed to do it." The Governor stated that
his Adirritiistratioti has made no final deci-
sions or) the budget.

According to the transcript or his press
cottfcrerrcc, ("notno said. “1 ha\ c not arriv-
ed rtt fitrul conclusions. We are still looking
at some optiotrs and solutions. 1 haw time
to do that and i will continue to do it." The
btrdgct is title to he released on l'chruary
lsi.

SASU also expressed displ aware that the
(iovcttror has not consulted students while
he conducts the budget proccss. 'l‘hc
organi/atiorr irolds that it and other student
organizations throughout the SUNY system
actively campaigned for Cuomo because of
his support for low cost public education.
“We are disappointed." stiltl Tierney.
“that after providing such support the
(iovernor consulted with business groups.
unions. and the M'i'A. btit did itot seek stir-
derit itrpnt when considering a tuition iii-
crease." SASU officials said that they
regard (.‘uomo‘s subsequent call to 'l'ierney
an effort to open a dialogue.

'i’ier trey explained that the SASU position
s that “if taxpayers don‘t have the money
0 pay taxes which has helped to cause sticli
,rttge deficit they will not have the money
to pay tuition increases.“

in an itt1ct\ic\v, SASU ('orrrrriurrtcutions
Director Mary l'rcttdcrgast said that SASU
rtarrts studcnt input lll lltc budget process.
She contended. "('rrorrro carripaigrrcrl on
making inrnnarrsc trrcusurcs on the budch
.’|\ opposed to the stop gapincrtsurcs of thc
pictious administration. What He arc say
ing is that students worked for hint and we
want input."

l’rctrdcrrntst asserted that ('uorrio up
.ttt‘t'lttlc‘s student power and rlcmonsttatcd
that in his call to 'l icrney. She also said that
although SASU is fighting tuition increases
tooth and nail. it is sensitive to (‘uomo's
problems. “1 1c tievcr said iii the campaign
that lie wouldtiot raise tuition." said
l’rcndcrgast. “so we can't itoid him to
that.”

lAskcd what SASU would do if Cuomo'
raised tuition cvett after consultation with
students. Prendergast said. “We don’t
know. we‘ll tackle that when it happens.

1>

gamma. roman» ‘ut-iérmjt‘rrité 

 



ii

.5“. art‘s.

m“

 

