 
 

 

 

I Would Capsules

 

Mideast Aid Increased

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) The Reagan administra»
tion will propose increased military aid for both Egypt
and lsrael in ﬁscal 1983. administration and diplomatic
sources said Monday.

If Congress approves. military aid to Israel will be in-
creased by 5300 million to a total of $1.7 billion. and aid
to Egypt would be raised $400 million to $1.3 billion.

The two countries already are by far the largest reci-
pients of U.S. aid. Egypt is receiving $900 million in
military aid in the fiscal 1982 budget and Israel is receiv-
ing $1.4 billion.

The two countries also receive substantial amounts of
economic aid. The total in economic assistance for Israel
in ﬁscal 1982 is $800 million, for a total aid package of
$2.2 billion.

Economic assistance for Egypt in the fiscal 1982
budget is about $1 billion for a total aid package of $1 .9
billion.

Poles Accept Price Hikes

WARSAW. Poland (AP) Martial law authorities raised
prices for food and fuel 200 to 400 percent Monday but
most Poles accepted the blow with quiet resignation.
The official media warned of bare cupboards to come.

Most shoppers greeted the highest prices in Poland’s
post-war history with a mixture of resignation and mild
shock. Warsaw streets were quiet and there were no ap-
parent protests in big factories on the city's outskirts.

Due to the communications blackout isolating War-
saw from other Polish cities since martial law was im-
posed Dec. 13. it was impossible to determine the reac-
tion to the price hikes elsewhere in the country.

There were no new reports on the situation in Gdan-
sk. where 14 people were injured and 205 arrested when
youths clashed with police Saturday in the Baltic seaport
where Solidarity was spawned as the first independent
labor federation in the Soviet bloc 18 months ago. While
martial law authorities relaxed controls elsewhere in
Poland, Gdansk came under tighter restrictions. Private
telephone service was suspended. the curfew was extend-
ed and private vehicles were banned from the streets.

Although there had been rumors of protests from
some workers, the Ursus tractor factory and Hum
Warszawa steel works outside the city appeared quiet.

The last major attempt to raise food prices. in July
1980. triggered strikes that launched the now-suspended
independent union. Previous attempts to raise prices in
1970 and 1976 resulted in bloody riots. and in leadership
changes in 1970 and 1980.

Americans Ignore Warnings

ROME (AP) Some Americans in Libya ignored their
government‘s call to leave, and Libyan iihmigration
police have helped a few to flout the ban on travel there.
reports from the North African nation say. Most of tire
1.500 Americans who were living in Libya left after tltc
U.S. State Department urged them to depart Dec. 10,
saying it was no longer safe there. The U.S. action
followed reports that Libyan leader Col. Moammttr
Khadafy sent assassins to kill President Reagan. But a
few Americans say they're hanging on. reluctant to give
up high-paying jobs or uproot their families.

The U.S. government set no deadline when it urged
Americans to leave Libya. The White House said it
hoped the departure would be “expeditious.” and the
State Department predicted nearly all Americans would
be gone by the end of January.

The government threatened to impose unspecified
sanctions if necessary to force U.S. citizens to leave.
Later. State Department officials in Washington c’on-
ceded privately that they had little. if any, power to
make the Americans go.

When the government asked Americans to leave
Libya. it invalidated U.S. passports for travel there. As
a result, Americans risk a five-year jail sentence and
$2.000 ﬁne if they enter the country. Despite the rule.
several Americans have taken holidays in Europe and
returned to Libya, according to senior oil executives and
other U.S. citizens there.

Two Missing From DC—10

BOSTON. Massachusetts (AP) A broken, iSO-ton
DC-10 was raised from Boston Harbor's mud without
uncovering any sign of a father and son missing since the
World Airways jetliner slid off the end of a Logan Air-
port runway.

A crew used three mammoth cranes to lift the plane.
one inch per minute at the start. onto land Sunday
night. eight days after it went into the harbor after Ian-
ding in an icy rain.

A spokesman for the Massachusetts Port Authority.

_ which operates the airport, said removal of the plane

produced no sign of Walter Metcaif. 69, and his son.
Leo. 40. of Dedham. '

It originally was believed that all the more than 200
people on the plane had been rescued. but three days
after the accident. the Metcaifs were discovered to be
missing, and now are presumed drowned. Divers have
been unsuccessful in a search of the harbor. Pieces of
the plane have been found as far away as Cape Cod. 40
miles to the southeast.

The cause of the accident has not been determined.
Patricia Goldman. who heads the National Transporta-
tion Safety Board investigation. said investigators will
study the plane at the Bird island Flats section of the air-
port.

Israel Rejects Peace Plan

TEL AVIV, Israel (AP) lsrael Monday rejected a
published Syrian three-point plan for peace with lsraell
a Foreign Ministry spokesman said.

“The plan does not talk about peaceful ielations with
Israel or recognition of Israel or negotiations with lsrael
and should be seen as nothing more than a propaganda
exercise." spokesman Yossi Amihud said. The Foreign
Ministry reaction was given in response to a plan set
down by Syrian Minister of information Ahmed Iskan~
dar this week in‘an interview with the Beirut English
language weekly Monday Morning.

Monday Morning reported that the plan called for
Israeli withdrawal from all territories captured in the
I967 Mideast War. the recognition of the right of the
Palestinian people. under the Palestine Liberation
Organization. to establish a state and an end to the state
of war between lsrael and the Arabs.

China to Compromise

PEKING. China (AP) Admitting that its strategic rela-
tionship with Washington is more important than U.S.
weapons sales to Taiwan. China has offered to make a
major compromise to cool the arms issue.

“Always mindful of the larger interests. China is will--
ing to negotiate with the United States for an end to the
arms sales within a time limit." the government's
Xinhua news agency said in a commentary Sunday.

The report gave no deadline. but Third World sources
said China wanted arms sales to the Nationalist govern-
ment halted by 19$ 2' or 1988. Chinese officials have said
privately they want to negotiate the type and quantity of
arms sold to Taiwan.

ARC Condemns Tubes

WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) Detcrioraling tubes plague
“the vast majority" of U.S. steam generator nuclear
reactors. with many power plants having hundreds or
even thousands of corroded tubes. the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission told Congress on Monday.

NRC commissioners and senior staff members. in a
briefing for a House subcommittcc. said deteriorating
tubes are actively sought out dttring routine inspections
and pltrggcd off if it appears they may develop cracks or
leaks.

Bttt they acknowledge that tltc inspections failed to
uncover a dctcrioratcd pipe at the Ginna nuclear plant
near Rochester, N.Y. The pipe burst last week. leading
to the release of radioactive steam into tltc atmosphere.

Denton told rt House interior subcommittee that only
siv or seven nuclear reactors are free of the pipe pro-
hlcm. and no one has been able to figure out what those
plants are doing right that the others are not.

“But the vast majority of reactors. upon inspection.
find tubes that need plugging because they do not meet
criteria." said Dcnton. The pipes are part ofthc primary
coolant system that keeps the reactor core from
overheating. Thcy transfer the rcactor's heart to the non-
radioactive sccondary coolant system. where steam is
developed to turn generators and produce electricity.

Plant Search Continues

ONTARIO. N.Y. (AP) Radioactive water and gas was
drained from a steam generator at the Ginna nuclear
power plant reactor as workers planned to rc~cntcr it
Monday night in search of ruptured tubing. officials
said.

Rochester Gas & Electric Corp. officials have said
they think a rupttrrcd tube or tubes in a generator caused
the leak that led to a slight release of radioactive stcttm
and the plant's shutdown on Jan. 25.

 

  
   
 
   

Correction

in “SUNY Is Threatened By Proposed Budget” in the
January 29 issue of the ASP. two figures were incorrect.
The correct figures are: 25.6 percent of total SUNY fun-
dlrtg goes to Health and Science Centers. which ac-
comodate 3.4 percent of all SUNY students. Tltc ASP
regrets the error.

 
  
    

 

F

‘N

Campus Bniefs

 

 

t ritlrt.

Dinner and A Song

Singer/songwriter Karen Beth will be appearing in the
Assembly Hall. second floor of the Campus Center. on
Friday. February 5 at 7:30 pm.

Sponsored by the Feminist Alliance. admission is
$2.00 with tax card and $2.50 without. Beth will be per.
forming on the guitar. aceordian. piano and banjo.

Prior to the performance. the Alliance will be spon.
soring a pot luck dinner. in the Humanities Lounge.
Beginning at 5:30 p.m.. the dinner is free if you bring
food, $1.00 if you do not.

Telethon Corner

Talent Auditions for Telethon '82 will begin on
February 8. Application. and sign up sheets are
available in CC 130. For further information contact
Mark 436-1960 or Dave 457-5020.

Deadline for T-shirt designs is Friday, February 12.
Entries should incorporate the theme "A Celebration of
Youth." and should be dropped off in the SA office.

Finally. sponsor sheets have been sent ottt for last
scmcstcrs’ Dance Marathon. It would be greatly ap-
preciated if money would be sent in quicker than the let-
ters went out!

Like, Cosmic....

if you have ESP. you don't have to read this to know
that Marina Petro will be leading a series of ESP/Per»
sonal Growth Workshops.

For the non-psychics who don't already know. lliC
first workshop will be on February 4 from 7-9 pm. at
the Career and Life Planning Center, Heron Building
1659 Central Avenue.

Among future sessions will be “Reading the Human
Aura." “Peak Experiences." and “Discovering Your
Essence."

Volunteering Skills

The Parsons Child and Family Center' is looking for
student volunteers to work with groups of adults and
children in activities such as sewing. arts and crafts. exv
crcise and music.

Groups meet one time each week for two hours either
after school or in the evening.

For more information contact Dale Gray at 447-5231
between 8:30 am. and 4:30 p.m.. Monday through Fri-
day.

SUNYA Sings the Blues

David Janower. Director of SUNYA (‘hortri music
will be conducting two major choral works for tltc
Albany Pro Musica. a new choral group.

Along with members of the Albany Symphony. llit.‘
group will performing Stravinsky‘s “Mass” and
Haydn‘s "Mass in Time of War." on February 7 at 3:00
pm. at St. John's episcopal church on First Street in
Troy.

Senility Discussed

Dr. Richard 'l‘orach will be discussing tltc History of
Senility at a ntecting of tire SUNYA (‘huptcr of the
Scientific Research Society (Sigma Xi).

Reservations must be madc for the dinner and lccturc
by February 4. The program is scheduled for Tuesday.
February 9 at 6:30 p.m. at Albany Mcdicttl (Tenth
Hospital.

Dinner. which will consist ot'stul'l'cd pork chops (or :1
Kosher alternative). will cost $5.75. including gratuity.

Yale Prof at SUNYA

i’rol‘cssor J. Iiillis Miller, of Yulc University. will let-
turc on Robert Browning's poem “'I he l'.ti_t'li\llii|i|ll in
ltttly" at 4:00 p.m. on 'ihurstluy. it'llllliln J. in tin-
Humanities Lounge. The trtik. spritistirctl by [lit i-nglixir
dcpttrtmcnt of SUNYA. is open to the publrt.

Miller. who holds the i‘rcdcrick W. liillcs l‘toi't‘sstn-
ship of English and Comparative i.llt'l'.'iliirL' rtt Ynlc. is
the author of numerous books and articlcs on Victorian
lilcrntnrc and literary criticism. iic has bccn irt tltc
foreground oi'rcccnt dcbntcs in literary criticism. first its
an exponent of tltc phcnomcnoiogical criticism
associated with Georges Pouict and thc “(icncvrt
School" and more recently as a “dcconstructionist” c.\—
plortng tltc implications of the writings of Jacques DU

 

Remember. today is tltc last day to add a semester
course.

 

 

Accreditation Woes Plague Business Schools

 

SUN YA Holds 0n

Ii) CHARLIE I’I-IRRII.I.O

While some of the larger business
schools across the nation are ex-
pcricncing problems because of

their overcrowded programs. John”

chato. Assistant to tire Dean and
Undergraduate Advisor for
SUNYA‘s School of Business in-
sisted. "wc’rc holding ottr own."

While other business schools
have had to deal with problems
such as increasing numbers of ap-
plicants. increasing enrollments and
subsequent lower teacher-student
ratios. l.cvrtto said SUNYA‘S
business program has rctuaincd
“rcltrtivcly stable." The mrtnbcr of
busincss school applicants over the
lit»! several years hats t'luctttttlcd bct-
wccn 400 iiiitl 500 for tltc ncttt‘ly 200
tl\':ill£ihlc slots.

'i'hc grzttic point ttvcr'ugc (g.p.£l.)
nccrlcd to get into thc school also
fluctuates in accordance with lilt.‘
rnttnbcr of applicants. Lust ycrtr's
applicants nectlcri an “adjusted
cum" of 3.04. while trttnsl'cr
\Iudcnts hopng to cntcr' tltc pro-
gram needed an “adjusted cum" of
3.403. The adjusted cum is corti-
putcti us two-thirds complctctl
“corc” course g.p.rt. and one-third
complclctl non~corc courscs.

For approximntcly 850 students
cnrollcd irt thc httsincss program.
tltcrc are 45 to 50 tull-tirnc insinc-
tors.

l.cvnto explained llitll our school
hasn‘t had problems with increasing
applicants partly because prospec—
Iivc business majors urcu'l taken in-

Registration Resisters Organ ize Locally

" "v" ‘ «W

‘ ...r........-......,n -~.. .., ......... ".5 ..~.—a. .y ....,

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS, FEBRUARY 2, 1982

 

 

run-m \rttt run...
to tltc program as i'rcshmcn.
"Many \llitlt‘illS find out [but it's
not for them." he «did.

Anothcr problcnt littsiticss
schools cncountcr. and one witlt
which Albany lttts also had to deal.
iy tltc high turnover of faculty

1 cvqu noted that tltc nnrnbcr ol~
l’h.l). candidates in bitsiltcss “has
l‘allcn ol'l' dramatically." and thttt
tnttny graduates with limitless
degrees are opting for more
lllt‘l'iill\‘t‘ cnrccry in tlic business
world.

chcrthclcxy. lt‘\tllt) said.
Albany's School of Business is
gt‘ilt‘liill)’1‘cgilt'tlctl (lS oncot'thc bct-
Icr busincss programs in thc rtrttion.

SUNYA‘s busincss school was
established in 1065, and liiltl bcctt
rtccrctlitcd by tltc Antcricun
Association of (‘ollcgintc Schools
of Business since 1974.

 

 

    

Some Threatened

AUSTIN. TX (CPS)lt was recogni-
tion most academics dream about.
But at the same time a national
survey of business school deans and
business leaders named the Univer-
sity of Texas undergraduate
business school llit' titth best in tire
notion. Texas administrators rccciv-
ed a grim message: l-'iV up tltc
school. or lose accreditation.

Enrollment in 'l’cwts' (‘ollcgc of
Ilttsincss Administration. it seems.
had grown so first tltitl No tnuch that
tltcre weren‘t enough instructors to
teach the 10.325 students in lhc col-
lcgc.

Thc Arncticttn Assembly oi (‘oi-
lcgintc Schools of lillSlilL‘M
(AA(‘Sll). which rcgulrtrly i’t‘\lL‘\\'\
.tttd accredits L'ililiplh business :ttl-
ministrntion progl'iitih mound llit.‘
nation. told l'c\rts iI hrul two ycurs
to iniptmc its tcuchct-ltvsttttlt‘ttt
ratio. or it would liist‘ l|\ .tcr'tctiilu»
tion.

The accrediting group It't|llllL‘S
onc faculty member for may 400
trurlcrgrurlutc stttrlcnt hours ittl.t't|.
lint 'lc\'.'Is W which. unable to that
Now qurtlittcd Irrcuity mcntbcts.
ultinuttcly tict'itlctl to limit cntoii»
rrtcnt \lililllly nc\l |'n|l»~i~ tut l'tont
tltc only lithiticss collcgc sult‘cting
from its own popularity.

During tltc i:t\l ycrtr Arizona.
l’cnn Slrttc. Michigan, Indiana.
Ohio State. 'lcrntcsscr. Michigan
State. tiiitl SUNYA. among other
lnrgc schools. have contpluinctl ot'
mctcrowtlctl busincss cttt'olltnculs
und tlrtngcrousiy high tcuchcrv
sluticnt ratios. Stnrtilcr sclttmlx like

illtlit‘lt‘tl

to show their t)|l|\|l\llitlil.

 

Quad Board Council
On Indian Quad, Quad
Board Meets Every Monday
in the Cafeteria at 10 pm.
On State Quad, Quad
Board Meets in the Tower

Lounge at 10 pm.
Quad Board . . . Tell Us
What You Want!

 

 

 

 

""“ r‘z-‘W .’ '1'?

 

l’tt'sitlcrtt Rt'uyttli's support ol tlrult lt't.‘l\liilll()ll :tnti Ilrtcrtts ol' indic-
ting it'SISIt’iSl1;1\it'\tlilt'tl in iiit‘ trunntliunol :uttidcgisltutiongroups
nationwide. I ttL’iill\. tltc Album i’t-rtr't- illitl l-nctcy('nrnpttirzn. us well
ilS SI'NYA'N Album i’t'urt' ('ottlrtion :uc rtnrontt Ihr‘ pttilrps plt'pilit‘ti
to protcst should run ol the t'Sllliiiilt'tl Sturtititl it‘i'lSllr‘Ilitlii rcstxtcrx bc

l);t\it| \iillct. .’I St ‘NY \ gtnrluulc \llttit'ill :tttrl Ilit'liiltt‘l ol liit'
lipstttlc itcsixtcts stud Ilutl \\liL‘1illiL‘lii\l llitlit‘liiit'lil oi iiii\ tt'\l\it'i l\
lulntlt'tl down, it protN will Ittkc plucc nt lllL' l'mt ()liicc on iiittiltl\\i|\
in Album. ltrtthct. Irc mid llltll on the It)llti\\liit' Suntiux. prolcstcrl~
Itutn thronuhoul llit‘ upsttttc \‘cw York region will i'illllt'l lli Suutuw

lot Ilursc who hurt- questions rtlmtu rcptslrution. .\ii|lt-t \rtitl Albztnv
box on t'\|L‘il\l\t‘ outtr-utlr prrrvrnnt oi tltutt couuwlinv nuttlttblt'.

Millet DL'IK'L'HL'N tbr- ilitttltl on the SI'NYA cutnptn :I\ being initiy
\piit. bttl hc bt-litwca thul .rx nulttltncnlx l‘t‘t‘iti to rw-t ltunth-tl down to
Icsisictsuntitlrult-Iull. lllt'll'il‘t'\. illtilt'llt'iilllk'ﬁlii |ontlltrr1tnkxoi Iht‘

it‘\t\lt‘i\ nntl tltctt' “ill N .r i'lL'rll upsurch tn ilL|i\Ii\.

 

Bowling Green and West Chester
State have similar problems.

"Almost every school's resources
'are taxed. and many are barely
managing," observed Charles
Hickman. the AACSB's Associate
Director. “You would have to look
hard to find a dean who is not hav~
ing enrollment pressures."

Ronald Slone. the AACSB‘s
Director of Accreditation. added
that only one collcgc is currently on
probation and "not many" are in
immediate danger of losing ac-
crcditulion.

iittt of tire schools regularly com-
ing up for review. “many arc hav-
ing tlil'l'iculty bccttttsc of enroll-
Incnt. But we will give them a
tcrtsonztblc amount of time (to corti-
pcnstrtc)." Slonc said.

Anti-Abortion Scrutinized

IiY DOROTHY Ill-II.I.I('|\‘

lcgislution designed to prohibit
women from lcgztlly obtaining an
rtbotlion is un rtllcmpt by tltc
potcrumcnt to keep wuutcn
“burct'oot and prcgnrtnt in order to
keep them out oi tlrc job tntttkcl."
National Organization for Women
ntcntbcr l’ttt l\lttybcrry snid ill an
abortion l‘ormn last week.

Apprminnttcly 20 people listened
to Mrtybcrry and and Upper ilutl»
you Planned Parenthood ('orn-
nutnicnlious |)ircc|ot' (iini Abrams
attack tltc Rcztgttn administration
on its nnti-rtlmrtion sentiments titli-
ing this Young Socialist Allirmcc
sponsorcti t'orunt.

t‘ilitu! tltc 197] cusc oi' Roe vs.
\Niltit‘. Abrams inlcrptctcti thnt

ﬂ

 

—l’l'.l.I('I/\ Illilifr'i'llt J

'0‘ '0

SUNYA
RACQUETBALL
CLUB

3

 

The overcrowding is well-
documented. Undergraduate
business course enrollment increas-
ed by 120 percent from 1966 to
1978. according to a recent U.S. _
Census Bureau report. r

Enrollment has risen another 12 i
percent since 1978. from 1.5 million
students to almost 1.7 million in .
1980. a National Center for Educa- -.
tional Statistics survey found.

“Business school enrollments
traditionally rise when the economy
is in bad shape." Hickman explain-
ed. “People perceive a business
degree as a better union card."

Hickman also cited the growth of
contintting education programs that
have swollen tltc ranks of business
schools. and of migration of

wm/i/mw/ on page eleven

 

 

"nine years ttgo tltc Supreme Court
ruled than abortion was a right
guaranteed to all women by tltc
Ninth and Fourteenth
amendments."

ilowt-vct. \lit' said. rcccnt legisla-
tion is trying to undermine
“women‘s t'unrlnmcntal right to
abortion."

Spcciltcnlly. sltc poirttcd to the
lluntrtn lit'c Stntutc which defines
iurmttn iit'c its beginning at concep-
tion. tltcrcby cucnding Fourteenth
Atncrulmcnt ptoicclions to the l‘cr-
liii/cti egg and fetus.

She ulsn rnctrtioncd tltc Hatch
Articntltncnt—thc Human Life
l‘Utlt‘i'IliiSII‘l Amendment—which
would allow botlt tltc federal and
static governments to restrict and
prohibit abortion. and. in cases ,
whcrc national and local law coin— "
title. would tlclcgutc that the most
tcxtrictirc law would tlppl)‘.

Abrams contends that this
Human Life Federalism Amend—
ment is backwards. :ts tltc Constitu-
tion specifically \ltllcs’ that federal
stzttutcs strpcrcctlcs all state laws.

i-‘urthcv‘. Abrams notcti thc ap-
pointment ot Mrtrjoric Mccklcn-
burg. l’rcsiticnt of American
t‘itr/cnx (‘onccrncrl for Life, to thc
poition ot‘ ltcatl of tlic Department
oi llt‘ullli iiiitl Human Services'
iiurcrur of Family Planning. ('nlling
Mccklcnburg a for of abortion and
lttmiiy planning services. Abrams
click this :tppointmcnl to illiOlliL'i‘ ,
trwtnncc oi' \\’nsltington's opposi—
tion to abortion rights.

“We are going to \lill’i on a new
front to try to get tltc Department
of llt‘tillll and Human Services to
liiitlt‘i\l:|litl tlutt abortion is tr tun-
rlnmcntni right guaranteed by tltc
(t)|i\llllllitili.” Abl'nms srtid.

. .~y‘m%—ry%N~1WMJVM\*N—H .

 

 

 

 

 

General Interest Meeting
Wed., Feb. 3

LC 19

info. ltn- 7-3020

   

   

Jolm- 7-506]

om~wmxo:.s..uW ” " ‘  " " "tug": u " L‘r.

 
 

