 
  
 

 

 

 

 

' 4

Reagan

  

hairs “Tax Credit

CHICAGO. llllnols.(AP) President Reagan, declaring
that “working Americans are overtaxed and underap-
preciated." unveiled a program Thursday that would let
most parents claim tax credits to help send their children
to private schools.

The only ones left out would be those making more
than $75,000 a year. Taking a step administration of-
ﬁcials acknowledged was intended to boost Reagan's
standing with lower and middle-income parents who sent
their children to parochial schools. the president said:

“i have come to propose a tuition tax credit for
parents who bear thedouble burden of public and private
school costs."

His timing coincides with the deadline for Americans
to file their federal income tax returns.

Mexican Volcano Erupts

PICHUCALCO. Mexico (AP) An army patrol reached
three more villages on the slopes of Chinchonal volcano
and found two women and eight children alive in one of
them.

But a Red Cross worker who accompanied them said

    
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
   
     
 
      

0
Yoga Session Blossoms

-The spring session of the Kripalu Yoga Center. l698
Central Avenue. Colonic, begins April 19m.

The session. taught by certified Krlpalu Yoga lnsturc-
tors. offers a variety of topics: Natural awareness, gentle
exercise and breath. increased strength. vitality and ﬂex-
ibility is the goal of the lo week couse.

The fee for the session is $49 and Scheouling is
variable.

Registrations must be received by April 19th. For
more information call the center at 869-7990.

 

  

When school is over and you are homeward bound.
why not concider going "Outward Bound?"

“Outward Bound" is a program that offers challeng-
ing experiences in wilderness settings in more than a
dozen states. .

Backpacking. mountaineering. rock climbing. canoe-
ing, sailing. cycling and rafting are part of the program's
core. Previous outdoor skills are unnecessary.

Academic credit is often available as is ﬁnancial aid

 

  

they were unable to determine if any of the other
villagers were buried in their huts.

“Where there were once houses and trees. it now looks
like a great desert." Jose Claudio Martinez said Wednes-
day night after returning with the patrol from a two-day
trek to the villages of Guayabal. Guadalupe Victoria and
El Volcan. v

Last Wednesday. 200 survivors were found in another
of the villages. San Francisco Leon. Army ofﬁcials sad as
many as 4.200 peasants may have been trapped in the six
settlements. but they have had no indication how many
might have escaped. So the official toll now stands at 23
killed. more than 500 injured and 60.000 driven from
their homes.

El Chinchonal has erupted seven times in the past 17
days, and is still sending up clouds of ashes and smoke.
But army helicopters are patrolling the slopes. looking
for signs of life.

(LS. Weapons Vulnerable

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Defense Secretary Caspar
Weinberger says the Soviet Union now has strategic
nuclear missiles more accurate than those of the United
States. and argued that to catch up American defense
spending must be inrcased as President Reagan proposed.

Weinberger told a group of reporters Wednesday night
that even with the defense buildup the adminsitiaton is
pushing there is likely to be a period of vulnerability
through the rest of this decade. .

He made the statements in pushing the increased
defense budget and arguing against proposals for a freeze
of nuclear weapons at current levels.

Weinberger also disputed suggestions that the United
States renounce any ﬁrst use of nuclear weapons. saying
that to do so would invite aggression “given the relative
standings and priorities" of the superpowers.

He said the right way to proceed is to build American
strength and then seek arms reduction “to achieve
balance at vastly lower levels than is now the case."

Army Helicopter Crashes

OPP. Alabama (AP) Four men. one of them from a Buf~
falo suburb, were killed when a UHl-H training
helicopter from Fort Rucker Army Base crashed shortly
after takeoff from Skelly air field. ofﬁcials said.

Herb Strickland, a public information officer at Fort
Rucker. said the crash occurred about 5 pm chne'sday
at the airﬁeld 7 miles east of here.

Three men were pronounced dead at the scene and the
fourth died at 6:30 pm at Lyslcr Army Hospital on the
base.

The cause of the crash had not been released early
Thursday.

A witness to the crash said the helicopter was one of
several practicing takeoffs and landings at the air field.
C.L. Rhodes. 83. who lives across the road from the air
field. said the helicopter touched down briefly. then went
straight up and came straight down.

Beirut Fighting Continues

BEIRUT. Lebanon (AP) Lebanon's highest Moslem
leader called for a cease-ﬁre between warring Moslem
militias as the toll in three days of ﬁghting in Beirut and
southern Lebanon climbed to 42 dead and l38 wounded.

The battle in Beirut's Moslem sector subsided shortly
before noon Thursday. but intermittent sniping and
sporadic mortar explosions kept tension high.

Mohanimed Ghaddarﬂghehieadmof Mum”; W,

 
    
  
  
   
  
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
     
 
  

 

   

  
   

   
  

      
  
    
  

    
  
   
    
 
   

 

based on need.

Money for the Asking

 

One three-year scholarship will be awarded this spring
by the Nation's Capital Alumni Branch to a second
semester freshman. The scholarship is for $500 a
semester for the freshman who has superior character,
personality and scholarship.

A ﬁnancial aid form. available in the ﬁnancial aids of-
fice. and an application must be ﬁled in the Alumni
House. SUNYA by noon april 20th, l982.

To be eligible students must have completed one full
year at SUNYA.

lranian Shiite militia. threatened to shell northern lsrael

"and provoke retaliatory lsraeli ﬁre if the Palestine

Liberation Organization did not curb the Communist and

pro-lraqi militias ﬁghting Amal.

Police reported 27 killed and 89 wounded in ﬁghting in
Beirut that continued through the night. it was the worst

year.

A police spokesman said 15 more people were killed
and 49 wounded in militia battles in l6 vilagcs and
hamlets in southern Lebanon. '

Polish Dancers Defect

HAMILTON. Ontario (AP) Eleven performers from a
lls-mcmber Polish dance troupe have defected on the
group's current world tour and the latest defectors said '
they probably won't be the last.

WilOlti Sobicra. 24. and two other dancers defected
last Friday after the troupc‘s closing performance here.
The reasons. he said Wednesday. were economic and
political.

“At home. it's very difﬁcult to get housing and it‘s
\‘qy difficult economically." Sobiera. a native of War-
saw, said through an interpreter. 

None of the three would have left the troupe “if the
-r.uation wasn't so bad in Poland." Sobicru said. He
predicted more dancers would leave the troupe before it
returned home.

Dutch Investigate Deaths

THE HAGUE. Netherlands (AP) The Dutch government
found no proof of a government plot in the slaying of

four Duh": iournalists in El Salvador. but will protest the

Salvadoran government’s refusal to let a Dutch in-

vestigator question soldiers involved in the case. Foreign

Minister Max van der Stoel said.

He told a parliamentary committee Wednesday that the

Foreign Ministry had completed its investi atio 1
deaths and refused to exclude the possibilify th;I s‘lhytith;
were intentional and premeditated.

The Salvadoran government admits the four were shot
by government troops March l7. but claims they were
caught accidentally in a crossﬁre when the guerilla team
jigymempenedfmmnmxmy usual: I. '

‘n'lfis'q

I Wish I was OutwardBound

 

I 3) Leisure Activities? _ no. of times per week
C) Do you live: on campus? __ uptown?c.-
downtown? _,, .,

I For the following questions. please use this scale; and
I circle the one that applies

I G) i feel that the administration has given students 3111— 1
I H) i feel the bus system is adequate.
3

Please Include any additional comments on n 5217070"!
sheet. Thanks for your Input! .r
mmnuq-g'---’- -

1- ~10-..”

 

V CAMPUS Bniefs

 

 

Yes I’ll Grant You That

A foreign study corporation has received a small
number of grants to give to American or Canadian
students wishing to study in the University of Paris or
Madrid. 1

Students must be able to follow courses in Spanish or
French and able to afford the cost of tuition. A junior
status or higher is necessary.

The grants will cover the cost of a transatlantic flight
to Paris or Madrid. In Paris the cost of tuition is $2,200
and in Madrid 52.100. The grants will be awarded on a
ﬁrst-come. ﬁrst-serve basis. so send a stamped, sell ad-
dressed envelope for an application to: Academic Year
Abroad. l7 Jansen Road. New Paltz. N.Y. 12561_

Cheater ’3 Forum on Campus
NEVERMORE..

 

Most every student on campus has heard of or seen
someone cheat during exams. The university senate has.
also. They will hold a forum on the subject in the cum-
pus center assembly hall on Tuesday. April 20th starting
at 1 PM.

All students are urged to attend because university
senators and administrators will be there. You have a
chance to make your voice heard to policy makers. May
1 have your paper please. Mr. Smith?

 

Swinging with Coun try

s.)

Swing your partner and do—see dol The bands Badge.
Shoebender and interstate will be playing some country
swing at the Rafters on Sunday April 25th from 3-8 p.m.

The performance is to beneﬁt special Olympics, which
are to be held at Skidmore College on May 2nd.
A donation of $3.00 will be greatly appreciated.

I-----------------
Green Machine Survey :

What do you think about the buses?|
I I We’d like to know. Please fill out thisl
outbreak of factional violence in the Lebanese capital this I survey and toss it in the blue box in the SA I

ofﬁce marked BUS SURVEY.

A) Are you: 1) Student 2) Faculty 3) Staff

B) Do you rely on the SUNY bus for transportation
to/from: .(mark as many as apply)
I) Classes? __ no. of times per week
2) Work? _ no. of times per week

off campus?

I 2 . 3 4 5
strongly agree no . disagree strongly
agree opinion disagree

I D) i feel that only riders living off campus should pay i" I

ride the SUNY buses.
i 2 3 4 5 I

I E) i feel that should bus fares be imposed that buying an I

optional ﬂat rate per semester is better than paying for I
indivtdual rides I

l 2 3 4 5 I

F) i understand the reasons why SUNYA is considering I
I

imposing a bus fare
I 2 3 4 5 I

ple opportunity to voice their opinions on this issue
2 4 5 '

2 4 5

   

  

 

 

 

By BONNIE CAMPBELL

The 21 day, 550 mile Bottle Bill
walk sponsored by the New York
Public interest Group (NYPlRG)
will culminate in Albany on April
22nd.

The relay style walk. divided into
5 mile shifts. started from Niagra
Falls and Montauk on April 1 and
Bottle Bill campaign activist Mark
Jackson estimates approximately
l000 people will have participated.

The purpose of the walk is to
“create public support to let
legislators know the feeling of the
public." said Jackson. He believes
the majority of the public strongly
supports the Bottle Bill.

Environmental Planning lobbyist
Judity Ench said the bill would

 

TowerEast and

 

 

,ALBANY STUDENT PRESS. APRIL-16. 1962 . 

reduce litter and solid waste. but,
she explained that the bill has had a
hard time making it to the ﬂoor of
the Assembly because legislators» are
fearful of creating problems with
the beverage industry. “it is a

classic issue of high-powered finan-

cial interest by industry." she
observed. '

The Bottle Bill requires a ﬁvesent
minimum deposit on all carbonated
soft drinks. mineral water. soda
water. beer and malt beverage con-

‘tainers in New York State. The bill

would encourage the return of bot-
tles and cans for reﬁlling and recycl-

‘ing. its intent is to decrease litter.

reduce solid waste. conserve energy.

preserve natural resources. save tax

dollars. and create additional jobs.

According to a NYPlRG infor-

mation pamphlet the General Ac-
‘ ’ . .s. ‘

     
      

phnluz urns

 

Groups Expect Increase in Revenue

By DEBBIE PROFETA

________._._._.————

Albany State and Tower East
Cinemas have proposed a merger in
order to provide morc efficient scr-
viccs to students beginning next
semester. according to Diarmuid
Quinn. executive director of Albany
State Cinema.

The leaders expect the new
organirntion. to be called Universi-
ty Cinema 1 and 2. to turn over a
bigger profit while presenting a
larger spectrum of films.

Prcscntly. each group has its own
executive director. executive staff
and committee. When the merger is
complete. there will be one director
with two associate directors. each
presiding over one of the two lec-

ture center theatres. it will be

“easier administration, efficient,
and more condensed." said Quinn.
Elections for the new positions
should be completed in about a
week and a half .r

“Although there is no real corn-
petition between Albany State and
Tower East. by merging we will
have a stronger account." Quinn
continued. “With more tnoney we
will be able to get better deals with
the distributors and a wider sclcc~
tion of movies.“

Peter Engcl. executive director of
Tower East for three years. agrees
with Quinn. He said he feels “it
makes more sense to have only one
'theatrc."

Fay Lnstgurtcn. director of
business operations ‘ for Albany
State Cinema and a candidate for

 

 

 

‘,
Flt-IWF-wmmlm

' News Meeting

an mum'w-‘n mun-w

gasses.

RES

Mandatory meeting for all
news writlr‘rs.’
Tuesday, April 7 pm
ASP ofﬁce, CC 329

. . l , _
“ .l-l\\l‘| min \Jl‘tllnll-r .i 1:1 I.

r.“ .u. t

counting Office estimated the Bot-

tle Bill would reduce beverage con-
tainer litter by 80-90 percent and the

New York State Energy Office

estimated the beverage industry

could reduce its energy use from ’

20—67 percent if they switch to ;

refillable bottles. The savings

translate to approximately ll

trillion to 26 trillion British Thermal

Units (BTU) or an equivalent of 2
million to 4.3 million barrels of oil

per year.

‘ According to the pamphlet. other
states which have passed a similar
bottle bill have proven successful in
reducing litter and solid waste. in
Vermont, a survey showed that
total litter on highways dropped 35
percent after the bill was in effect

The main opposition o the bill
comes from the beverage industry;

According to a Bottle Bill cum-,
paign activist. Laurie Moses, the in-
dustry has created an alternative bill
called “Total Litter Control"
(TLC).

Moses said TLC would take one
percent of the states' corporate
franchise tax to set up a New York
State “Litter Control Program."
An estimated 3” million would he
used to hire teenagers and welfare
recipients to pick tip liltcr along
state highways and stntcmwncd
lands during the summer.

Beverage industries claim the bot-
tle bill would create a loss of jobs
said Moses. but she pointed out
Governor Hugh Carey said the bill
would create gain of about 5.000
jobs with minimal displnccmcnt.

' The Bottle Bill is scheduled to be
brought up on the State Assembly

 
 

"550 Mile Battle Bill" walk‘wm End in

' s

.. v n tit
Project Coordinator of Alban

next week's SA elections.

the opportunity

taxDiWCW

this $2.00 since 1974. .

Council last year for the referendum

.same time.

 

 

ﬂoor in May.

Albany State

executive director. strongly favors
the conglotncration. He does not
foresee any drawbacks. “The pro-
posal was brought before Tower
East and Albany State staffs. and
everyone was in favor of the idea."
said Lustgnrtcn. He accredited
Engel and Quinn with the creation
of the merger.

Another reason for the merger is
Tower East has had difficulties with
their sound systcm. As a result. they
have bccn losing money this year.
Said Engcl, "Because of the
numerous complaints. we're trying
to upgrade the sound system."

The equipment is over seven
years old. Tower East is bringing a
prOposal bcforc Central Council
this Sunday asking for money for
new equipment.

Engcl cxplaincd."The money will
be going towards two new projec-
tors und :1 sound system." This new
equipment will he used by both
groups once the merger is complete.

“The theaters are attempting to
get a ticket booth at the lecture
.‘cntcrs for next year." said
Lustgarten. The reason for the
ticket booth will be to attempt to
alleviate the long lines before the
show.

According to Engcl. “There will
be the same number of movies,
they‘ll be more timely. and we'll get
them quicker."

Presently, the two theaters
choose their movies for the next
semester on a rotational basis. Said
Quinn. “At the end ofthc semester.
we make selections based on

 

 

By PATTI MARTINO

_________.__._g_
“i don't see how we will be able
to maintain the quality of the
department. if resources are
withdrawn." said Chair of the
English Department Robert
Donovan about the proposed
N.Y.S. budget cuts by Governor
Carey.

“We are always asked to prepare
for the worst and always are
prepared to trim back if it's essen-
-tlal" explained Donovan.

' ‘ 'He said the English Department

 

planned ataxia“ schedule' wartihtte'm‘uniltith'iit lzcted," he‘

Quality of French Jeopardized

probable budget cuts in mind.
Donovan forsecs less part time, still
less graduate assistantships. and less
individual student attention if the
budget is approved.

French Department chair Martin
Kane is afraid the quality of the
French department will be affected
by the cuts. We have the best
French program in the SUNY
system and we would like it to be
maintained." he said.

Kane is most worried about the
future assistantships.

“The supplies expenses budget

' t in
which kee s the depawfr‘tl“ (aw?

y NYPlRG Jane Greenberg

A proposition which would increase NYPlRG’s allocation of stu-
dent tax money from $2 to $3 (per individual) will be on the ballot oft

Central Council voted unanimously Wednesday night to allow the
proposal on the ballot for the April 21. 22. and 23 elections.

“We're (Central Council) simply allowing the general student body
to voice their opinions concerning NYPlRG
funding." said Central Council Chair John Suydam.

Presently NYPlRG receives $2.00 per semester from every student

Project coordinator of Albany NYPlRG Jane Greenberg feels it‘s
time for the increase. “inﬂation has hit us also". she said. “We have
to pay for ofﬁce staff. telephones and supplies. We've been funded at

I .
According to Greenberg. NYPlRG had intended to  Central

she said Sue Gold (last year's SA President) requested them to wait un-
til this year because SASU was asking for a funding increase at the

 
  

 

 

      
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   

’pholu: Mare llenschel

to request an increase. However.

 
    

— BETH'BRINSIEJR

Cinerna toM'érg'e'

availability. and we alternate
picks." With the merger and more
appropriations. they can make their
selections as soon as the movies are
released.

Engel feels the merger will
facilitate coordination. “When we
alternated picks, we booked within
the group and never knew what the
competition was showing until
schedules came out." he explained.
/\s a result. there were many com-
plications. Many times two dramas
or two comcdics were shown on the
same night.

“We will still be showing two
films a night and midnight shows. it
will just be more efficient." said
Quinn. Lecture centers 7 and is will
still be used. Presently. Albany
State Cinema is in lecture center 18
and Tower East in 7.

English Department Fears Cuts

think the general problem for

several departments is the

linguisitics program which is an in-

terdepartmental program. if the

cuts go through. we won‘t be able
to maintain our lparticipution in the
linguisitics program.

Donovan feels although the
quality of the English department
will be affected by the cuts. the.
quality of English degree will not be
affected.

“i don't think anything talked
about yet will undermine the
prestige of the degree. Donovan
said. “The most immediate affect
will be that class sizes will be in-
creased. The decreased amount of

individu l attention will be a loss to

t.) {mtgf‘lla h tubnntii) butnms'tloM

 

  
  

 

 

 

  

 

   

     
 
  

