 
  

V;4:—}~.-v _I I II

' 1 85  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS tit NOVEMBER 9.

Women swimmers

Last year the field for the
women‘s annual Great Dane swim-
ming relays was limited to twelve
schools. including Albany. which
finlslred a more than respectable
third. This year. the meet's third.
tltc field was expanded to sixteen as
five additional schools were invited
to participate. The host Danes
possibly were too gracious to many
of these new guests arid llicy drop-
ped in the-meet's final standings in
eighth. Perhaps next year the
event's director will consider retur-
ning to the original format.

Ithaca College. champion of the
first two meets. continued their
hold on the title by ttrnassing an im-

pressive total of l28 points. in sc-
cond place with l07 poirtts was
Oswego. while the third place
finisher compiling 98 points. was
Hartwick. The Dunes needed 64
points to ertrn their eighth place
fittisli.

While as a unit the Danes may
not litrve dotie as well as they did
last year. during the course of the
meet they still managed to set or
challenge a number of school

records. Three medals. awarded for
a finish of first. second or third.
were won in the process.
"Timcwise. it was a very good
meet for us." said first-year coach

   

Copy Editors Wanted

The ASP is now taking applications front people who
know grammar. spelling and are willing Io work lalc
hours. Cull ll’u‘vne a! 45 7-3389 or slop by CC 329.

 

 

BOOK OF COUPONS
GOOD FOR

100 ROLLS KODAK
COLOR PRINT FILM
$15.00

Send {rim to lie Lli't'r'lrrpr-tl lt'llll coupon or

 

 

 

 

I 982

race to eighth let in Relays

Joe Sltore. "For instance. in the
400-tnedley relay. we set a new
,school record. And in the
ZOO-freestyle, we were only five
seconds off the Division III
record."

"Five seconds isn't a whole lot of

tittre to cut off in the course of the ,

year." he added.

It was in the ZOO-freestyle relay
that Albany won one of its medals.
Ellen Gottlicb. Sliiela Fitzpatrick.
Carol Lim and Claire Woodherrd
combined in the medal winrting per-

formance for a third place finish.
Woodhead's little of 26:29 for the
split was the Danes fastest of the
race.

Other Albany tncdrils were won
lit the diving competition where
Robyn Hillman and latte Klotz, a
pair of freshmen in their college
swimming debut. finished third
overall.

The 400-tnedley relay was
another event in which the Danes
fared very well. Although their per-
formance was not good enough for

a medal. their titne of 4:40.02 cut
nearly two seconds off the existing
school record of 4:42.0I.
Woodhead. (iottlieb and Fitz-
patrick again had a hand in the race
with Sue [lass rounding out the
record-setting foursome.

The dual meet season now begins
for Albany this Thursday when they
swim against Skidmore iii the
University pool. Skidmorc finished
seventh in the Great Dane relays. so
the two schools should prove to be
evenly matched.

Spikers enter post-season playoffs

lly lllse Levine
SI.-lll "NHL

The Albany wornetr s volleyball
learn has secured places irt botli the
New York State Championship
(NYSAIAW) and the Eastern
Regional Championship (EAlAW)
on November l2.l4 atrd l‘)-2(l,

'thanks to an outstanding season
V,
,I that concludes today.

The spikcrs faced two teams last

. Saturday in a road game in Ver-

rnorrt. The tertrri played the Univer-
sity of Vermont first and beat them

soundly 15-5. lS-lO. Tlteri. due to a
late arrival and sonic technical pro-
blems. the Danes lost the first game
iii their match against Sienna l4-l6.
brrt carrre back lit the next two
garrtcs l5-0 and I5-l2. Coach i’at
Dwycr said, “Although we won we
didn't play tip to our ability."
Last week the Danes took on
Binghatttton at home. "We played
Well in a tough match." said
soplrorrtore Diana 'l'uc. The spikers
beat liinghamton irr three straight
games. l5-6. l5-7 and l5-lJ. Coach

 

 

Sultan’s ,
Mill. &
Mitt).

 
  
  

 

Dwycr noted that because of the
loss. lliriglranrton was edged out of
a place iii the Regional Champion-
ships.

Thc'last scheduled game of the
season is tonight at Smith College.
After that rnalcli. lllc spik'crs will go
on to tire State Championships at
Cicrtcsco. There they are seeded first
arid will face sixteen opponents.

Following the slate chrirrrpion-
ships. the Danes will go on to the
littstcrn Regionals at lltc University
of Rhodc Island where they are
sectlcd fourth. 'l'ltc spiket's will be
the only team representing Ncw
York of the eight teams playing.
()pponcnts in their respective order
of seeding are as follows: University
of Rhode island. East Connecticut.
Massachusetts Institute of
technology. Clark. Wesley.
llridgcwaler and Colby-Sawyers.
Although they've never played arty
of these teams. Coach Dwycr
believes his team's chances are good
and is lookittg ahead to the NCAA

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Marc Hespel
SI’OK TS EDITOR

When the Albany State Great Danes hus-
tle onto University Field this Saturday
against Marist. they will be lead by their
captain Dav‘e Hardy for a final time.

"We have something to prove tcamwise.
l‘m glad we didn‘t end the season against
Buffalo. Hopefully. we‘ll win big Saturday
with a lot of big hits. 1 know the defense
will be ready for the game." said Hardy. a
proven competitor who intends to end his
illustrious four-year football career in style.

Vicious hitting has always been a part of
Hardy's game plan. Measuring in at 6‘2"
205 pounds. the senior frortr Ithaca. New
York has jolted many opponents in the
secondary during his years at Albany.

“i do basically what comes naturally to
me. i like to hit wide receivers. lftliey come
across the lone. we ltavc to put a good hit

 

' on them.“ said Hardy.

Hardy embarked on his football career
rriricli lalcr iii life titan most of his peers. lie

“I started as a defensive tackle. then rtry
varsity coach said. ‘Yoit‘rc rr defensive
back'." Hardy remembered. “i really
didn't have iirricli expcticrtcc cottiprircd
with the gttys corttittg from Pop Warner (a
football organization for young players).
bttt I've come a Iottg way."

“Dave was a good ltiglt school football
and basketball player iii ltlraca. He wasn‘t
great. he was good. " said Bob Ford. liar-

“lle's matured tremendously —— physically
and mentally. since he's been with us. He's
been a pleasure to coach. He's been on a
steady progressive path in his forrr years."

Hardy‘s size. speed. strength arid agility
have nrridc him a dominant force in the
secondary. in addition. his competitive
spirit and nature to exccll have helped him
etncrge as the team‘s bonal‘idc leader. Prior
to the 1982 season. his team recognized

 

began playing competitively in high school.

dy‘s football coach of the last forrr years.

I

hard hit makes me feel good."

Playing a strong defensive back position
is not the only function Hardy has perform-
ed while wearing the purple aird white of
Albany over the last few years. Hardy has
also been the team‘s punter.

“l have bad technique at times because I
lose concentration." said Hardy. "But l'm
pretty pleased with my performances as a
punter. We got it up to a 37-38 yard
average. l'm satisfied with that." said Har-
dy.

NOVEMBER 9, [982 u .ALBANY STUDENTPRESS Sm 19 I.

r-————-—-.—————'———_"
Dave Hardy: one big hit in the Albany secondary

ability.

“We have options. The quarterback is
Dotrg Carins'. Sometimes I'll slip out into
the llat for a short gain." explained Hardy.
“it brings back memories of being a tight
end (another position played by Hardy
while in high school). but defense is alright.
It‘s always better to hit than to be hit.“

Hardy is a dedicated team player; he is
qttick to credit his fellow defensive players
for his srrccess. “Bob Cohen is one of the
most emotional players on the team. He

 

a!“

    

Don‘t let Hardy fool you. his printing has- plays with so much intensity. Ed Eastman

1' ..

sinks.

 

been spectacular at times. The printer en-
joyed one of his finest games ever. against
Norwich this season. Several times,
throughout the game. llardy pinned the
Cadets deep in their own territory. Also.
Hardy once punted a 7t-yardcr against

WILL VURMAN UPS

has dortc a really great job and has helped
when we really needed him." he said. “All
the rest of the guys oil the teatrr help the
play really well. Without those guys I would
Incver be able to do anything." said ilardy.

Hardy's talents and enthusiasm has

.ly ,-

of being sighted.”

“i received a few letters. l'm looking for-
ward to it. It would be a challenge to see
how l‘d do against really good athletes."

With the inception of the new USFL. the
possibility of playing in the pi " ' '
ranks has become very. realistic for fine
Division lil competitors.

Albany State has never had a football
player step from University Field to the
pros.

“I think Dave sltould be given a look by
the pros." said Ford. "it would give a great
boost to the program as well as the universi-

 

"I talked with the gtty from New Jersey
(the New .lersey Generals of the USFL).
I‘ve thought about it. it depends on my
school work."said Hardy.

lndccd academics are important to the
senior. lie is a litre example of a scholar-
athlete who is equally committed to his
sports and studies. "Time is really liruited."
said llardy. tr dorible major in Afro-
Anrcrican studies and Criminal .lustice.
“(‘lasscs iii the morning. practice in the
after noon and studying in the evening. You
have to be disciplined. liut you learn a lot
of disciplincjust playing the sport. I've got-
tell a lot better in my school work." said
llartly.

llrrrdy felt the pressures of academies
when he had to rirakc a decision whether or
not to continue playing basketball for
Albany. After playing his freshmen season
on the junior varsity squad. Hardy painful-
ly decide to withdraw front the basketball
program.

“Football is rcally a strain. it's hard to
keep up on things. it came down to the
decision of where I could go farther and
football catne out on too."

And Ford is grateful for that. Satur-
day marks the end of Hardy‘s long career as
an Albany State Great Dane; he‘ll certainly
be rrrissed.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

II competitive [)l’lr‘r'b tllltl rr'c'tuttu tl roll of new film coUpON ,Exnlfes I I I I _, _ . . . . . . . . -
. II IIIIHI pIIIIIS (IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII III IIIIIIII IIIIII IIIOIIeyI . NIIVI III (running...th m “CL-“nier t 1.: those qualrItres by electrrig him one at four IlllréicaItn IIIrtilttIolIgIZIt: hometown Iatrs back caught the aItthirtion of several “III-ol‘cssional “lle‘s bccnI a dominaInt factoZ'I Im the
. t ' " It-‘itm CHPIHIIIS- I" -'L‘t> cm or 0 - teams. llart y iris been iritcrcste in prrrsri~ secondary. He 5 a fierce iitter an ms an
t We re :nItangtItlIcIoIlgpimzf:ur9°'3   I “Being a leader. i try to get everyone go— As team punter. Hardy provides Albany ing a career in professional football since ckccllcnt nose for the football. He has
I Forono Week only one tree ‘BECK Page mg. I1 make-5 ICWI‘)’0“'~‘ I‘Iity ItcllcrI. It It Will] a very versatile athlete In that common his days arIlthaca High Sclrool.I“I did have played aIkey role Irn tlthsIuccess we ve had
I’ tapping on a Steerburgoy pm.” Ninjuml hunmrinu in mu milkt‘ i1 890d SIIICI‘ 0f 300‘1 "I'L‘IfIt-‘Cl’ll‘lfh N IOltrlII down formation. Oltctt conch II'IOttI an idea of playing pro ball. borne IpcoIplc srnch he s been wrth ris.I Iconcludcd ForId.
" I ANY [—‘XPOSUR s , THOOSE FROM: urirric‘s second i Hurley .11“, 110“ . I “"505 [I10 IIIICHSII)’ OI [he Mimi IdCSCf'IW‘I has called (IICUIJDIIWC lake-S l0 013ml“ “If-“I said go Division I. brtt I thought Ill Division “He ll be art extremely dilircull commodity
 I — E ANY SIZE 1“”N'HH-‘t' 5*on Ht l‘ltr-ltlwrt'lwsu on...“ p“. “In”. chime uprm “I”: Hardy. “Besides i love to play Iootbali. a downs. capitalizing on llardy‘sorrtstrrndtng ill I would have a better chance. to replace," L.
‘ ‘ ' ' ' ' ‘ ' - ‘ '. . -. - . . ‘I ‘ - ‘ ' ‘ c- .' _
. I 12.201436 I 10,126.1J5 ;::::IIIIIrI(ItIl:IlItII-:II' in. .s ItIrIiIiIIItII'lIiIrItIIsInI doth as it Icrrdcr rind going down .is l '
I  V ‘ ' ‘ ’ rt li'c’IllllL'Illll really Illlt'i us,“ srtrrl   
Call 869-2421 for additional info on "The Deal 4me0nm°ppmg pe'smemu'ger— tour. I
of a Lifetime --. I - 1200 waswm Avenue: Albany. NY I I” II" I‘”””‘ ‘IWIIMF I-IICI" ‘I'I’ <Back Page ‘ coming along real well." said DcMco. ‘
' — — — -— — — _ _ _ _ _ _ _ g --I IMThIrd s‘rem'noy' NY _--- I :;:I:ILI.I,;IIIIIII:;IIIHIin?13;”  ruarIiI270-I210. captured the title with a 2-() Dane Mike VartiietItc was forced I to ’
— 1 r .. .m—s. .. “m. . .. ..  . IIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIII (Icctston In a hard lorrglrt lrnril mulch. I“l dIelarilItItlrc l‘)(I)I-pound ltrtrtIrtgarnst tIIthlcr-
I MAKE CHECK PAYABLE TO: Film ': Q “ own lIl_\IIllll,-()IICC yoir‘get used to MID} '0 my gut"?- II‘I‘ImI' “Nutty IIIIIIIN IIIIM  MIMI (I'II'IIL'N I‘III'IlItI‘I IlItI‘ tIlIIItIItrtItIlItIIIr;IIIEIIItItIIII
I PO Box 72604 T  H one guy it‘s tough to keep zid~ I‘Lf'Od' hm I“ lc‘fr‘m "‘0' .mm d kiwi”:- Ilfﬁ'..“'“ i Ids“; lLfiv' \tci-ht dlrrsscs " ‘-
AlbanyI NY I22I2 1 udson Ave. IIIIIIIIIII“ IIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIO porntcd llerrriarr. When he s on top a s \ticstlcr rrr ltc hLLtliILI I  I  II IIIII .
‘5 Name 1 Albany,  Although. according to lojo the qirrim“ m (In mmhing' BUI' l‘m hwy“ “I”? “hwy-(“.1.“IIw-IIITMIHLIIL III“: "ﬁrlutl "
II .1 littlls “arc definitely tiot 7-8 points mrmml I” DUC' m' I‘ll 3“ In!“ mill" “‘6 mnc' HM" ,(hl a “TI  .M , .. .il
Address ! 465-9086 better lIl'tll its " tlr' I! rift .. ' Duties will meet the Terriers of Boston Wrestle”) “0ka “II I“ “‘.|'”.‘- I “I‘
. ' I ' . f I' . L u a 0 “am , University iii a dual meet iri University (‘iyrn Varnrcltc. who has a tendon problem til the
CIIY sraje zlp I w d Th tIItdIIttIuttttgeI to Iclrtrrr some or the  I)“ [)IIIIIIIIIIIIIII “II “VIII (“IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII III” II “"le IIWIII “I did.“ “M. H... “up “my
I c . I "re. I :IEII$122:thIIIVLl-Iiyﬂréy{Visa/ML: mite too aggressive and it cost him." said cartilaIIi/Ictl on It IIItIot:gIt. /\t liI.~risIt I IrIiItIt 
. ‘ ' ‘ ‘ ' ' i ' . , . a... -  z  wigs, ct'owr icasct‘. "‘tii “ctowr p case i.
:     JI'SII‘IICIII5 “Iom [RSI 59350” and   his corrIic from behind owtlitnc \ ictory over
v . I I I i ,_n “[4],”!in chekc‘j'” “nu.I¥’ed.-I of Albany's All-Americans in lIlc lltl Ih Boston's 'l‘ony Cottopi. that gained him a INII
ﬁr" ‘ " " " " drrc ‘ '— I I ' class, sophomore David Averill 4-0 in the spot in the finals. The match, bclotc one ol IWIMIIHI‘ UPS

“~54. wmm-a-m mm“... ,_

W

 

E presents

Barbara Streisand

in

SEE FOREVER

 

auaaatoaraaaraa

ON A CLEAR DAY YOU CAN

 

 

Dance the light Away !

'I'ELE'I‘I'IOII ’83
IDAIIGE MARATHON

IIOV. l9&10

sponsor/ sign—up sheets now

 

 

 

finals. “l wrestled terribly. I didn't do
anything," said a very disappointed Averill.

'l‘lic l34-pouttd filial saw Albany's third
All-American Spcro 'l‘heofilrtlos lose to
high school rival Mike l€nlicn of lloston.
l0-4. linricn was named outstanding
wrestler of the first five classes for the tour-
nament. “i got tired." commented
Theofilritos after the final. “You think
you're in shape trrrtil you face someone
tough. Just wait until December It). l‘Il be
lit shape for that one."

Dani.- lid (ilcasort lost the firtal in the
biz-pound class to Syracuse's Mark DeMcn
15—3. Gleason was never able to get on track
against his toirglr opponeirt. who IIthppcl‘tcd
to be All arty Coach DcMeo's brother, "l le
(DeMco) carried it.” said (ileason of tire

the rirost vocal crowds of the day. was cnd-
ed when a hobbled Vittntctte reversed
(‘otropi in overtime for the victory.

’at Malay of the University of litrffalo
defeated Western New l'inglurid College‘s
lirian Solomon 4-3 for the l(I7'[lOll|l(l class
title. .lohn Zito of Syracuse pittncd litctt
.lacrrrrcs of Springfield for the title in the
l77—poutid final.

Altliorrgh the Danes were orin able to
capture two titles. DcMeo was not disap-
poitrtcd in the least. “l'm amazed to get
nitic finalists. We've only had two cham—
pions and five finalists iii the fruit previous
years the tournament has been held. We
dorrblcd otrr output in one year. l'm very.
very pleased." said DeMeo.

"Althouin l have great confidence in this

Dane booler Jerry lsaacs was one of four Aibany players to be selected to this
year's Eastern Division of the All-SUNYAC men's soccer team.

Four men boaters named to the
All-SUN YAC conference team

 

 

By Marc Sehwarr.
tisttt'l I ll \‘l’thlS l llll'th

I-‘our members of the Albany State men‘s soccer team were selected to the All-

SUNYAC soccer learn. .lcrry Isaac‘s and Michael Miller were named to the ll-matr
lirtstctrt Division first learn. Torn Merritt and Terry Bacchus received honorable incit-

tiori and were members of the second learn.

lsaacs. ri junior. was named to the tcanr for the second time in as rrrrrriy years. He led
the learn all season as the Duties co-caplain and maiti offensive threat. lie was involved
irr most of the goals scored by Albatty this season, including the last six of the year.

Miller. a jrrriior transfer from Rockland County Community College where he was

" WED. Nov 10 8:00 PM ": final. "I'IL‘ Wits it super IOUSI‘ COllch'ilm‘ “'“m- 1"“ IMking ‘0 39‘ I’GI‘cr-H “‘Idc‘l all—conference last year. was a startdorrt on defense for Albany. llcwasthc keytoa fine
" ' v i l ‘ 'k 'd harder for it. He deserved DcMeo. "We are not where | thnl 113101” defense that shut our opponents three times during the season.
t. f . and it. wot c . I I III I I I I I I I I I I
‘ ‘ «i - - I ) ()rnthr in ~. ;-. . .... .
 .,,.the only mOVIG group that starts on “me avallable at  In 0. DeSk 3 on Qst 'I- I 0‘” SWII L“ ‘0 I": “1 II“ I II Illicthrrs. rjunrorItrrnstcr from lIulton Montgomery CtirrirrirtrrrtytIolngc. combined
I I In the ISX-POUIKI Wight CIuSS. frUSIIman NCAA5~ f0 (I0 “'6”. WWW” "UN Eel bl“- wrth lsaacs to provtde a lethal offensive weapon. The Jerry and 'Ierry combination
ii LC‘ 1  Alan Marwill dropped the final to lcr." created numerous scoring opportunities for the Danes.
" r- - « ‘ v ~ ' - ' " ' ' ‘ their Clue“ II‘IS Fr'shrnan toalic Me ritt - formed 'idnrir‘ably in the nets this 1st season for Alban
'I' SA FU Amherst s Martin Driller l5-5. Marwrll's ac- rhc Danes contttiuL I I c. g r er . _ p“ I I . y.
I II A I II NDED     A  complishnlcnl's were a pleasant sttrprlse for weekend as they lrttvcl to Syracuse tor the H.- wus only one of three freshmen to be named to the Eastern Divrsron learn. Merritt
a DCML'O. “He's only a freshman and he's Syracuse Openv - started every gamethis season forthc Danes. L]

   

 

 o 4.2: “1,... .. .

r

. ’s. R33 ..

     

.. ;. mic...” mung...»

 

