 
 

Springboks Visit Albany

The South African rugby team's tour of America stew-
tped through Albany to play the Eastern Rugby Union
(ERU). Bringing worldwide attention to the city. I'. also
brought outraged citizens forward who opposed the stead-
fast Albany Mayor Erastus Corning in the propriety of
hosting representatives of a corrnry which practices apar-
tlterd.

Tremendous pressure was placed on Mayor Corning to
cancel the games by such organizations as the Stop Apar-
theid Rugby Tour (SART). the Albany Coaliton Against
Apartheid (CAA), and the Albany State University Black
Alliance (ASUBA). But Mayor Corning would not give in
to the protestors, claiming “The constitution protects the
rights of individuals in a peaceful assembly."

As the tension increased. Governor Carey sought to end
the heated issue by cancelling the game, citing a danger of
rioting. The ERU brought the case to court and Carey’s
order was found to “seek to destroy every constitutional
protection that has enabled a century long struggle to bring
about racial equality." The game would be played.

It rained the night of the game soaking the 2,000 pro-
testors and the plethora of cops assigned to keep them

orderly. There was fortunately no conflict.
The South Africans won the match 4H).

Rugby Protester Is Detained .

_ In a related incident. on the morning of trre rugby game,
member of the Coalition Against Apartheid Vera
Michelson was arrested and charged with possession of
marijuana and firecrackers. Questions over police pro-
cedure quickly arose when information in the search war-
rant was found to be false. Also. she was refused bail and
some items seized in Michelson’s apartment were im-
properly documented. A legal defense fund was quickly set
up by the CAA. As a result of the detainrnent, Michelson
was unable to join protestors at the rugby game.

"It just makes you stronger and clarifies things for you
politically," Michelson had said.

Later the case was dismissed “in the interest of avoiding
duplicity of hearing and in interest of saving time and
money." according to District Attorney Sol Grecnherg.

 

- «

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS SUMMER EDITION, JUNE 1982‘

Looking Back On Last Year’s News Events

 

SA Elections'Held

The Student Association executive elections brought out
six hopefuls. Winning the presidential spot for the 1982-83
school year was Mike Corso who defeated Mark Grcib.
Andy Weinstock and Mark Weprin. Ann Marie LaPorta
defeated Lori Peppe in a bid for the vice-presidency.
Jim Tierney and Scott Wexler won positions as Student
Association of State Universities (SASU) delegates in the
same election.

ASP Ofﬁces Taken Over

Three weeks after the fact, over 100 peaple culling
tltetnselvcs the First World Coalition (FWC) staged a srt‘in
at Albany Student Press offices in protest of an April
Foolsday edition of the ASP which they interpreted as
racially slttrrirtg.

'l‘he I‘WC demanded a front page apology frorn the

 

S.A."Picks New Attorney I

Mark Mishler was ltired to replace Jttck Lester as the SA
full titnc attorney. At the time of Itirng, however, a
drawback was that he could not legally practice law in
NY. State until lte passed his New York bar exam. In
December, Mishler received notice of passing the exam;
until then he served as a legal consultant.

Mishlcr was chosen over 27 other applicants because of
his experience in housing. consumer remedies. and draft
counseling. Another factor was Mishlcr's kecrt interest in
working with students.

Mishlcr‘s goals were set as developing the legal services
program, and condttcting “preventive legal education" by
"dcmystifying" the law for students through articles and
informal forums.

Corning is Reelected Mayor

Albany Mayor Erastus Corning was elected to his
eleventh tertn this past November defeating independent
democrat candidate Charles Touhcy and the Citizen‘s Par-
ty candidate Fred Dusenbttry.

The election furthered the tigltt control of the
Democratic party of Albany.

Both Dusenbury and Touhcy addressed student concerns
such as the anti-grouper law whereas Cornng was said not
to have directly addressed any.

The election was the first in which SUNYA students
were able to vote in Albany and thus increase their
political leverage. However, they failed to successfully do

I SA Staff Walks Out

In the fall term, SA Vice President Woody Popper
decided to raise the salaries of SA secretaries and staff .35
cents from $3.00 bringing their salary up to minimum
wage. Central Council passed a bill to keep salaries at
$3.00 an' hour thereby preventing the pay increase. SA
President Dave Pologc vetoed the bill which was quickly
met by Central Council with a veto.

Inevitany confusion set in and one non-logician in the
Central Council failed to keep track of when a ‘yes’ meant
a ‘no' and a ‘no’ meant a ‘yes.’ So he voted ‘yes‘ when he
should of voted ‘no' and consequently his ‘yes' counted as .
a ‘no,’ he thinks. His ‘yes’ meant that SA staff would not

ASP and held up production until the editorial board con-
ceded to their demands. In addition, they demanded a
statement 'from President Vincent O'I.cary concertting
racism to be published.

According to Editor-in-ChichDean Bclz, the parody
issue was meant to expose racism instead of protnotc
racism. However. members of FWC did feel parts of the
spoof of the New York Posl were racist and reacted thus
three weeks after its publication. ‘

Buses Pose Problems

A proposal by Plant Director Dennis Stevens to charge
SUNYA students a fee to ride the buses was shot down
when students were able to stop its implementation with
petitions of protest.

Stevens said SUNYA‘s buses were unique in the SUNY
system because they were provided free of charge. He citet
budget cuts as a rcasott to charge the fee.

Due to organized student protest the proposed fee was
called a “non-issue" by Vice-President of Finance and
Business John Hartigan. Stevens and Hartignn said there
would be no bus fee charged in the I982-83 school year.

t t t

In a related story, Stevens began to enforce the polcit)
of showing Unviersity ID upon boarding the buses at the
end of the spring semester. '

However, SASU representative Scott Wexlcr called the
action a step toward bus fees. Stevens said the policy was
to be enforced, simply in order to prevent non-Universin
personnel from riding SUNYA buses.

RCO Faces Substantial Cuts

Due to the Governor's budget cut, the Rhetoric and
Communiction (RCO) department stands to lose one half
of its faculty which would create a student/faculty rate of
sixty to one. There would only be six full time professors.

Humanities Dean John Shumaker contends that a small
faculty could still carry out excellent programs in this
popular department. However. questions have been raised
as to whether or not it will remain a quality program.

The Chair of the RC0 Department believes since RCO
tnajors have doubled in the last four years, the department
should be expanded not decreased.

Alternatives such as RCO as an interdisciplinary major‘
or absorption by another department are being considered.

   

  

ROTC Causes. Controversy

A ROTC extension center in the SUNYA campus has
created a rift between the Gay and Lesbian Alliance
(GALA) and the administration. GALA saw ROTC on
campus as conflicting with the university's anti-
discrimination policy because the ROTC commissioning
and scholarship process excludes lesbians and gays. The

because it allows homosexuals to take ROTC classes, ud-
ding if homosexuals were excluded from classes. they
would correct the probletn.

A formal resolution was drawn up calling the ROTC on
campus a violation of university anti-discrminatory policy
and was submitted to Central Council and University
Senate. It failed to pass in both' places. However. resolu-
tions were passed in Central Council which stated that
scholarships offered by the army to discriminate on the
basis of sexual or affectional preferences and “such
discrimination is a violation of basic civil rights." The
resolution trrgcd that “the United Stated Government take
approprate action to eliminate it."

The ASP joined in the controversy by refusing to run

 

 

ads from military or intelligence agencies unless they made
clear itt their ads that the military/intclligettce agencies
discriminate on the basis of sexual or ufl'cctional
preferences.

Budget Cuts Bring Protest

Governor Carey's ’82-'83 budget proposals proved tIIl-
popular with SUNY students. Students front nirrc different
SUNY campuses came to Albany to rally in front of
SUNY Central; the effort was coordinated by the Student
Association of the State University (SASU).

Clrtming the state was bailing out of its ltiglter L‘dttutttott
commitment, the 250 protesters rallied against the $150 irr-
crease in dorm rates, financial aid cttts, and faculty and
staff cuts.

SUNYA was scheduled for a $162,(X)O cut to the
physical plant and the loss of 33 faculty members; this
would be added to the 7| faculty positions already vacant
bringing the total to l04.

The legislature later restored 13.5 million to the SUNY
budget which met a Carey veto. leaving SUNYA with the
original Carey budget called “ridiculous” by SASU
delegate Jim Tierney.

Controversy Over Contract

When Director of the Chinese Studies Department Yu-
Shih Chen’s contract was not renewed, allegations surfaced
that a personal relationship between another Chinese
Studies professor, Li-Hua Ya and President Vincent
O'Leary affected the decision.

Chen, a popular professor and “academic leader," ap-
plied for tenure with enthusiastic support of the dean who
makes these decisions, John Schumaker of the College of
Humanities and Fine Arts.

Later, Chen received unification from Dean Schumttker
that her contract would not be renewed.

Students charged that O’Lcary's relationship with Li-
Hua Ya whose job was open to competition by Chen.
caused O'Leary to inﬂuence Dean Sehumaker's decision.
Schumakcr denied this.

O'Leary said he had become friends with Ya in China
and that they “have seen each other socially on a number

 

get their pay raise as the vote was I6-15.

The SA staff then walked out for an afternoon, in an
effort to bring attention to their cause. SA ofﬁcials refused
to cross picket lines as did SA Attorney Mark Mishler and
OCA Director Mark Dunlea. The SA staff returned to ,
work the next day. though. still frustrated with their wage.

r5

 

 

The year in review was compiled by Staff I
Writer Dave Michaelson. ‘ '

of ’ "

O'Leary requested a review of the whole situation and
suggested “a history of interpersonal and administrative
difﬁculties" with Chen affected the decision. I

The Council on Academic Freedom and Ethics (CAFE)

 

and United University Professions (UUP) have grievances
 oBio'Eillilﬁffllbﬁ,milii'r.» - . . . . . . . . '

._.H., . . _ . _ . , . . 

 

 

administration contended that ROTC is not discriminiatory

 

,4 a,»

 

 

 

 

w...

. ., h-“ .. ,....-....,.w.w.._'--u —» ..,...r»-.¢....mu.<mm

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS SUMMER EDITION, JUNE 1952'

. '.3

'1
t

Dunlea MakesBid for Congressional Position 1

Third Party Hopeful . . .

 

By David Michaelson .
smrr warren
Believing that the Citizens Party is a
needed alternative to the two “corporate~
dominated" major political parties, Mark
Dunlea, the fornter Off-Campus Associa-
tion director, is runnittg for the congres-
sional seat currently held by Democrat
Samuel Stratton. He hopes both to Win the
election. and to pave the way for strong
local support to secure a
permanent position of in- 

t'luencc for the Citizens
Party in American Featlﬂe
politics. t

Duttlea is running against Democrats
Stralton and John Dow; Pat htlayberry. the
Socialist Workers Party cttttdidotemnd
Frank Wicks, who will tttost likely he the
Republican candidate.

Although Strutton most probably offers
the toughest political challenge. Dunlea ex—
pects that his major opponent on tile issues
will be Dow. He said that they were the only
two credible progressive candidates. Wltilc
both are opposed to Reagunomics, Dunlea
said they differ on major issues such as
arms control: “the solution by liberal
Democrats supports freeze bttt not
unilateral reduction." Dunlea said he was
in favor of reduction.

Dunlea said Dow‘s campaign pttrpose is
to rally around the nuclear arms issue - Dow
is not in the race to win. But Dunlea said,
“Dow is wrong on the nuclear issue". The
peace issue only intensified Dunlea's disen-
chantment with the Democratic Party.
Dunlea explained that the Citizens Party
was created due to "Democratic failures".
If the Democratic Party had enacted its
platform of 1972, there would be no need
for the Citizens Party." he said. The
Democrats have failed to limit the arms
race, Dunlea believes, and have perpetuated
a level of military spending far out of pro-
portion to the rest of the budget. Channel-
ing this money into social programs would
“improve the living conditions of ‘the
average American," and at the same ttme
create more jobs per dollar than military
spending, claims Dtrnlca.

Additionally. he feels the Democrats
have abandoned their traditional consti-
tuency of blacks. women, and labor. feeling
that there is no chance that they would lose
them to the Republicans anyway. This
“frees” them to cater to the interests of
their corporate supporters, Dunlea said.

Dunlea said he supported the idea of
Economic Democracy, a theory that (he
quickly added) ltas been supported by Pope
John Paul II. This involves more labor

0

 

 

 

Fix-Off Campus Association Director Mark Dunlea

 

 

 

 

Now he‘s a congressional t'mtrlirlu/tﬁ/‘ur l/IL’ ("flint/Is I’url)’

representation on corporate boards, which
could be achieved if unions were allowed to
control their pensions currently numaged
by the banks. In this manner. social and
economic decisions mttde by powerful cor-
porations would ttot be made solely on the
basis of profit, he feels.

He also favors public control of Niagara
Mohawk. He states that their creation of
artificial shortages and price gauging proves
they are not acting in the public interest.
Dunlea also favors public banks. blaming
uncontrollable private banks for the reces-
sion we ﬁnd ourselves in. He also supports
public education and “lots of money in
public housing". Also, Dunlea said, he was
pro-choice on abortion, and strongly sup-
portive of equal rights for women and
homosexuals.

Dunlea graduated from RPI and Albany
Law School. While a student, he cofounded
NYPIRG. where “a lot of (his) theories
were developed". One such theory is that
good research and lobbying may be helpful.
but they will not produce profound social
change by themselves. “Consumers count
for very little," said Dunlea. “meaningful
social change takes masses of organized
people." .

Dunlea feels he has the ability to organrze
this mass support for the Citizens Party.
especially among the nearly fifty percent of
the electorate who did not vote in the last
Presidential election. He said. “social
change will not come from litigation among
the corporate class." He feels people can

\\'II I \‘llRM-LN linluenllt I'Irolrr \rnlre

learn that there are true alternatives to the
present political parties, and that low and
moderate incontc people can gain power
and inﬂuence by voting for the “tion-
moncy“ Citizens I’arty.

When asked about the controversy sur-_
rOunding his position as the Off—Campus
Association Director at SUNYA, (S.A.
President Dave Pologe claimed Dunlea‘s
Co-Chairmanship of the Citizens Party
conflicted with OCA interests). Dunlea said
that his position itt the Citizens Party added
inﬂuence to his role as the OCA advocator
in the community. Adding that "Pologe's
political skills were weak." he said that
Pologe had no control over his position in
any case.

Dunlea sees his future as bright, along
with the future of the Citizens Party. Cam-
paigning in the Albany area an average of
thirteen hours a day. Dunlea said people are

' receptive and supportive of his ideas: “be-
. ing a Democrat is a curable disease: people

listen .. . we are publicly supported and
can beat the Democrats by mobilizing peo-
ple who are not voting."

Dunlea believes that the Citizens Party
can eventually take the County Legislature
and the City Council. He is also confident
that the Citizens Party will gain a perma‘
nent place on the electoral ballot.

Should Duttlea fail to win the Congrch
sional election. he promises he‘ll be back:
“I'll tun again itt 1984 and be the next Con-
gressman from this area."

 

 

...But Can He Win?
By David Prlebe
smrr warren
Although Mark Dunlea radiated op-
timism, he is very much aware of the for-
midable obstacles to both his own personal
goals and those of the Citizens Party.
However, his response indicates a‘recogni-
tion of these challenges, and perhaps a
strategy for overcoming them.
Dunlea must campaign against the
veteran- Congressman

Stratton, whose large 
margins of victory in past .
races suggest a significant 
barrier. However, even the

safest seat can be lost. especially as the
J strict littcs are being rcdrt'rwn. Statistics
show that at one titnc or another all Con‘
gr'csstncn face a tottglt election. Dunlea cor-
rectly calculates that his chances depend on
his ability to align the growing anti-nuclear
and unti-Rcatttn sentiments against Strut-
ton, a prime supporter of nuclear weapons
and a voter for the Reagan btrdgct pro-
posnls.

Dunlea tttttst secure his place as the
legitimate opponent to Stratton. To win, he
must articulate a platform that will
challenge Stratton's stands, as well as con-
vince the voters that he is a viable can-
didate. One the favorable side, he cites
statistics to claim that lie is in touch with
the majority of voters on such issues as
abortion and defense spending: if his
calculations are correct, his task should be
made easier. Working against him are the
unknown nature of his party, and his lack
of campaign funds.

Dunlea's campaign will thus be a test of
the viability of the local Citizens Party. If
he is correct in stating it has a core of hard
workers and potential supporters. he will be
able to raise funds, reach out to new voters,
and overcome the unfamiliarity of his par-
ty. If he has overstated his strength, then
this is likely to be a long and frustrating
paign. '

As important as the local race may be to
Dunlea, the far more important task is to
secure a permanent place for the Citizens
Party. Dunlea points to John Anderson's
nteteoric rise in I980 as evidence of the suc-
cess of third parties, yet Anderson's equally
meteoric fall shows how the winner—take-all
electoral districts of this country (as com-
pared to proportional systems, where a par-
ty gains representation equal to its propor-
tiort of the total vote) and the institu-
tionalized two-party system work to the
disadvantages of new political parties.

History shows that major shifts in the

‘ >Page 6

 

 

ADVER-
TISERS!

 

Are you looking
for new
customers? Look
to the student
population of

     
   
       
        
    
 

 

reach the student
the Albany Stu-
dent Press. .
For more info, i
call

Bonnie

at 45 7-3322

    
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

~ MCATsLSA

‘ ml
I mu ct r
Intruders.

  

1EF

1 ivh.’ 

Tavern seeks Fall Sophomor‘é/Junior for
part-timer employment. Individual should
be {meanest evenings. No experience nec-
essary. Call 436-9958 between 12 & 3 PM.

 

 

'l'REPF-RE :or:
.G

SAT-DAT-GR

 

- Porn‘amnlr ‘ nun In days. um“ '
A [ban-y' - ".nh'il‘IIIll.ntthl.-Dp.ﬂliCliUd lull. - Voluntrlniuts  mth 'r
1 time stat . ‘ tons in y
a ’0 count I use -m»:~m- u to: m mm in mu we
we re the W y f for with of culls: Inuit; 'end - Opportunity I.“

continui- II

I.
emantary material mm M "ﬂu".

' In taught by skilled

   

OTHER counsas AVAILABLE

t-iRE PSYCH - GRE BIO - MAT - “CAT - om «. VAT
v05 . Lost. - FLEX - ‘th - NLE

   

L- NMli'

.v ‘ '1

r I. Em

    

   
 
  
    
   

  
   

 

- Opportunlty to mull up mined, _

N. 163 Delaware Aye, De
439.281.453o-b‘“ ‘ ‘

m lnlolmlﬂon AIM om: uriqu
Out-to- It! Ink "' '

mm vac-nor wroumurqoo-M‘l

lm
-.J’

_.. ut~_~ H V_
'H {Amﬁentef & '

ultra )AIEKLILLAHM‘ a- rLLﬁuLLithLll

 

or

 

 

(ijtrclj‘

 

OFFERS FOR [YOUR

DINING PLEASURE
FREE TRANSPORTATION
from SUNY to Jade Fountain & return

Friday 6PM-9PM
Saturday 6PM-9PM
Please call ahead.

Uur specialty: Szechuen, Hanan and

Cantonese. Polynesian drink available.
Just 1 mile west of Stuyvesant Plaza.

10 percent SUNY discount with cuireitt I.D.
’ JTake, out not Included

EXPERIENCE
TOMMY LEE’S

Halli:
fililhi’l‘tltlh

|652 WESTERN AVE.
us - H vs

Tel. NO. - 869-9585
or
869-9586

 

_-t

 

 

