,_.\

Miamummmsmmtmm 

 

 

I_TO

R I

A L

 

The student movement of the 19605 had
several important offshoots, but one of the
most important was securing the right to
vote for young people.

After people 18 years old and older were
assured the right to vote by the 26th Amend-
ment, New York state limited the franchise
by enacting restrictive residency standards.
These standards effectively eliminated the
ability of college students to register and
vote in their own towns. instead of being
able to vote on the policies that affected
them most, students were forced to go
through the inconvenient and inhibiting pro-

cess of registering in their parents’ county
and obtaining absentee ballots.

Students then won a suit two years ago in
federal court that allowed them to register to
vote in Albany County. Since then, students
in several other counties have won similar
suits.

At the time of the suit, there was great op-
timism about the “student vote.” The hope
was the newly registered hordes of students

C

 

a As In all electionsI the results may be deterttiitted by the
rmount of party support the candidate is able to elicit This

actor may be the determining one iii next month's guber-
natorial election. i

i Daniel Cleme

nt ‘ __

 

Lew Lehrrnan will face Mario (‘uonto ill a rtyrpiicil
Repttblican-Conservative versirs [)entocratic-Liberal coh-
test. Unfortunately for l.ehrman, he will be facing a
Democratic candidate who has dotte everything a cattdidate
shotrld do to unify all the individual coalitions in his party
it was tlte unification of the liberal interest groups itrto 
single cohesive force that enabled Citomo to narrow Mayoi
lzd Koch‘s support iti his native New York City in I'ist
month's primary. . L
‘Thc wounds of the primary have apparentlv healed
l~ormer Koch supporters on Wall Street pledged this week
to back Cuomo in the getterttl cleetiott. With the party

0 L

The troubled Re

would descend on polling places and arise

with new influence in a city where they had
long been ignored.

There was a catclt to all that. Polling
places. Students living off campus or
downtown could walk to their
neighborhood voting booth, quickly casting
their vote. Students living on campus up-
town have had to walk the one-and-half
miles to St. Mary’s Church.

The right to vote is pretty meaningless
without convenient access to a voting
machine.

That’s what this latest suit is about. The
Commissioners of the Albany County
Board of Elections refused a request to place
a polling place on campus for the City of
Albany residents on State, Colonial, and
Dutch quads and for the Town of
Guilderland residents on Dutch and lndian

quads. The suit is a step toward securing full
voting rights for those students who chose to
live in dormitories instead of houses.

if the suit is won, uptown students will be

U

strongly unified behind a single candidate, Mario Cuomo is
art entity that Lehrman may have difficulty dealing with.

However, Mario Cuonio may not be the only problem
confronting Lehrntatt. This political newconter will first
ltave to overcome the internal gruniblings of his party. The
fortiter drrtg retailer arid reputed founder of the Rite-Aid
drttg chain, Leltrman, has managed to alienate rnitcli ofthe
Republican leadership throughout the state with his free-
spendtng attempt to obtain Ilie nomination over the low
key cartdidacy of Paul Currin.

What is most distttrbittg to most Republican county
chairmen is that Leltrtuati, coming frotn outside the part
Virtually stole the nomination front the control of the party‘
regulars. Perhaps ‘bought' is a better word dtte to the ex):
trcmcly large amount of personal funds used by lcltrtnatt
iii the pritnary. Lehrman spctit an estimated seven million
dollars ‘0" his ptirnary. While his many crime proposals
were being hired on t.v., few people reali/cd that Paul Cur-
rtti was also iii the race or that .lirn Emery had dropped out

M
publicans

 . Voting - here, there,- and everywhere

able to vote for their city and town can.
didates near their home, instead of a mile.
and-a-half away.

The most amazing thing about all this
voting rights hassle is that it should have
been settled years ago. Restricting people’s
voting rights through clever quirks of the
law should have gone out the window with
the Jim Crow laws.

Ill ill tlt

During the latest voter registration cartr-
paign, hundreds of Albany students
regardless of residence, registered to vote:
The individuals involved in the registration
campaign are too numerous to mention, but
the groups sitting behind the tables included
Student Association, SASU, NYPlR(i, Off
Campus Association, and Student Union.
Their work is essential to mobilize students
to vote.

The student movement of the '60s was
needed to get the ball rolling, bttt it’ll take
the student movement of the '80s to finish
the job.

N

The leadership of both'pnrlics are deeply CUIIL‘L‘tllt‘il that
whenever a weak condidate emerges, a more tlL'l‘tt'~vl\"
wealthy candidate can step in and buy the clcclirllti ‘

The Republicans are a troubled party. if the totttrtr
chairmen, who are disturbed. actively support I clltttlalt
they run the risk of having the actions misconstrued 
sanctioning this type of political behavior. Thev worrld line
control of their party whenever new political trpsltrtx

emerged. To not support (‘uomo also has cotrseqirt-irtrs

The party, already rocked with scandal (Margotta III
Nassau County), would be further weakened and make the
value of the nomination worthless.

.Whatcver else this election may be, it will not be a srtvtt
dittg contest. Lelirman has already spent seven million
dollars and is committed to another million irt tclc\isttttt
advertising through October. Cuomo, on the other ililllii.
LZHLLIIIS to spetid‘only two million dollars through L‘it'slli‘ll

). nothing else, this election will reveal the power tit
party unity against the power of tile brick.

 

WHI-‘l

 

 

 

WHAM,

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

1

L

 

  
 

 

 

 n.

\

 

 

 

.::t-i:-..‘.s~.}., drama ..‘tu r... S...

ilk ifueiga he eif’

5°.FaR, Tile aRMs BuiLDuP Haé PReVeNTeD:

a FREGHTeNiNG
e§caLaTiON OF
 SCHOOL

a DeSTaBiLiziNG BuiLDtiP
.. oF Tt-te aRTé.

     
 

Tire oMiNoué t
SPecTeR oF r
FboR PeoPLe
GeTTiNG
LeeaL aiD.

 
   
 
 

  

 
 

THe MaSSive

PROLiFeRaTioN
0F COLLeee '
GRaDoaTes.

    
   
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

T T E

 

 

 

One from the heart

To the Editor:
This letter is not one of your typical letters. it is not a let-

. er concerning discrimination or money or one of those
' -orttroversial topics that are usually written about here on

these pages. instead. it is about friendship. love and caring.
Tett minutes ago, we said goodbye to a friend whom we

» will all miss very dearly. lie was someone who you could

always depend on to help you out with any situation or just
to be there to talk with when you were depressed or down.

7 He was a person wliu got along with everybody.

Unfortunately, our friend could not take playing the
University game anymore; you know that game of going to

,class day after day just ainting for a high grade point
' . average. Sotne ptrt learning before grades. btit that is only a

selected few. The pressures of everyday college life caught
up with him and we all know those pressures cati trike their
toll. He just needed some time to relax arid think about his
goals. He just needed sortie time to be free of all this crap.

‘2 College life doesn't leave you much free tiriic to ponder
.V your destiny. Most of its repress our urges to do this and
, miss Out on the beatily that life holds.

John Gullage is a very beautiful person. He is someone

‘ we all care very deeply about and will miss very tnticlt. We

hope he finds what he is looking for. He is a person who
cares a lot and has always been there when we needed ltitn.
We hope to God he finds his answer and it makes him hap-
py. To the rest of our friends and the students at the
University we have but one wish. Stop your writing and

, calculating and computer programming and take a minute

to just relax and be with yourself. Finding out who you

really are and what you want is more valuable than
anything you can learn iii your years at SUNY Albany.

Good luck John. We love you.

- — Steve Appelson

Mitch l-‘elg

Chris Jones

Rich Schilffer

Craig StiIIWell

Wh 0’s Voice?

To the Editor: '

l atn writing concerning the front page article of the Oc-
tober 7. |982 edition of The Studenl Voice, entitled "Fee
increase Needed to Save Activities."

1 was extremely ttpset over this article for a nutnber of
reasons. One, the article allrrdcs to the "fact" that without
the increase in the Student Tax tlterc will be no Mayfest, In-
tramurals, movies, etc. Tlti is not true at all. The monies
for these and other activtltes have already been budgeted
for this year and with a» proper arid well—informed
budgetary process, they will be there next year too.

Two, l deeply resent S.A. using my tax dollars via The
Student Voice, to tell the to vote for an increase iii my tax
without giving the other opinions a voice iii the satire edi-
tion of The Slitt/L’Iil thit‘t’. lt smacks of the grosscst uri-
fairness!

FinallyI i think it is unfair, at least, and highly suspect, at
best, that a Student Association Publication should
espouse a view on the increase of the stttdeiit tax (iti its
favor) without giving equal time to the opposing view.
“What is SA afraid of‘.’ Arc thcy afraid that the students
won't vote for tltc increase if they ltear botli sidcs'.’

l arti ttot going to say how I fch on this issric, that was
not the point of this letter. 1 lie purpose was to point ottt
the gross inequities in this issue iii the hopes that it would

 

not happen again.
—l’lti|ip (.‘entile

Men’s feminism

To the Editor:

| ltavejttst finished rcudittg Robert Mattiniatto‘s lust col-
umn, "The fcminists' politicttl game". i feel i must res-
pond to this column that ltas left me feeling sad attd
frustrated. ,

As a titan, the feminist movement at many times leaves
tne feeling threatened and defensive. So i am not stiprised
that other men also felt threatened. Any movement that
organizes and strenthens women is a direct threat to the
position that men come to expect in our society. This posi-
tion includes the power of certain men and of men at
general to make and shape all social and political change.
When Robert asks men to ask themselves, “Why should 1
its a male support a non-male oriented political
rnovement?", he shows itow much men are often threaten-
ed by a female-oriented political movement, i.e., feminism.
By emphasizing the problems of the slaveowner arid of the
sexual harrasscr over the problems of their victitns, and by
emphasizing the need for approval anti participation by
White men, Robert shows us wlty autonomous feminist anti
civil rights moventents exist and are needed.

Tltesc two movements are by far the most successful
Popular movements since the 1930's. The overwltelrning
(yet far from sufficient) success of these movements has
helped to bring,togcllier thc powerful._yet divided right
wrng in this country.

Robert then suggests that by encouraging women to learn
self defense, that the feminist movement is a violent move-
titetit. lhrt self-defense is tatiglit to learn how to avoid arid
escape from violence. Martial arts emphasize avoiding
violence by seeking awareness. self-confidence and self
mastery. I have sltidied Aikido for alttiost a year and feel
gentle attd stronger as a result. Yet, as a boy i was tattglit to
fight. encouraged to play violent games arid shown that ag-
gression and violence lead to boys being considered “real
men" as opposed to being considered “faggots.”

Violence is a problem stemming front men, not from
women who fear scsttal assault. i believe that men should
take responsibility for their own doinitiatiou and violence.
We catt do this by studying alone and by supportittg one
anotlier' in small groups. If we as rneu are really coriccrtied
about sexual domination aitd violence we can help take
responsibility for tiieti as it group. We can greatly confront
the dottiiiiating actions and attitudes of ottr friends atitl
each other. Surely this is far more productive than calling
feminists names.

-i)nvlti "ringer

Cheer the leaders

To the Editor:

I think the idea of a fan week is a fantastic one! It's
about time that Albattv's spirited fans becotne tccogtii/cd.

l-lowever, when l rcttd the first article describing the
various displays of spirit at sports events, i felt a MAJOR
organization was forgottctt. The cheerleaders show a great
deal of spirit consistently. They're outside leading cheers itt
the warnt weather, cold weather, wet weather and dry
weather. They are riot fair weather fans. The cltcctlcttdcts
spend at least four hours a week preparing for events. lltcy
cheer at both home arid away contests, sometimes trtucliug
for hours itt small cars packed with many girls.

i feel that in addition to ntentionittg lictlnic and the l’cp
band, the cheerleaders should have been rccogtii/cd, too.

Their natncs arc:

VARSITY; Devry France, Lauren (itlthclltltto, .Ioanic
Lenguel, Toni Mc(iin|cy, .lackic Melik. Cheryl Pcniberton,
Lynn Saravis, [Eileen Shechati. Linda ‘l‘hill, (linger
Williams.

JUNIOR VARSITY; Joyce litigiuski, Sandra llowlcy,
lris Vardy, Mary Alice Wlekliuski, l.or'i /.albowit/, .Ailcne
Zarct.

They work hard and ltave a lot of school spllil. l, for
ottc, really appreciate all that they do.

— June I). i'til'frtitlt

Segregated justice

To the Editor:

Robert Martianiano's article, “Justice white itiati style",
pushes the serious issues of racism and bureaucracy to such
an extreme that they look moronic. What does this man
want, ati all Black jury w lteti a lilack riiatt is being tticd'.’
Does this mean that all White people cart relate" to tire
cvpcriettces that an itidi\idua| \\'lritc pctsott has ltad'.’ Dif-
l'crcnt people, whcllrct White or Black. lr:i\c many tliltcicttt
facets to their pctsottalitics which sititpl) cannot be cott-
ttollcd for when choosing a jury. The only thing that cart he
done is to Ciltltlsc‘ the ittt‘tlts at random, which l‘tu stlit‘ “its
arid is done. (‘olor of skirt is not the only thing which irf
l'ccts ti person's lilc. lly throwing lilack people itrto a big
pile and tlicit saying that they call relate better to each other

Eslablishud in 1916

ét

Editorial
News Editor: ... . . Mark Harruuoudiert Kaorowrtz
ASPacll Editor . . Debbie Mtllrrtan

MeoanG Taylor

Associate ASPoets Editor .
. Robert Schneider

Sound Editor

Vlnlon Editor Damian VanDonburqh
Sports Editors . ., . . Mrcttanlcarmen. Mair. Haspet
Alloclnio Sport! Editor . . . . , . .. . . . .. Mark Gosner

, , . . , . ..blsa Strain

Edltorlnl Panel Edltor.. .
Edltnrlll Aniallntc: Steve Gusset. Debbi-r Pruteta. St-ll writarn: Mike Bon-
son. Felicia Eoran. Dave Btutnktn. Ray Cairuturo. Bonnie Campbell. Kan Can-
tor. Hubert-Kenneth Dickey, Bill Fischer, Stephen lnluld. Debbie Judge,
Denice Kntunt. Charles M. Greene, Donna Machllan. David Mtehaolson. Carl
Patka. Lisa Pall". Phil Ptvnlck. Linda Quinn, Mike Rnlll. Liz Helen. Randy
Roth. Marc Schwarz. Spectrum and Event: Editor: Ron! GlnSDE'D.

Busrness
Bonnie Slovenl. Business Manager
Hody Brodor. Associate Bitsrnass Manager
Janet Drolluu, Advert/sing Manager
John aninno, Salas Manager

. Koren Sardoll,Judy Torol
.....Arlena Kallowltz
Jonnller Block

Billing Accountants . . . . . . .
Payroll Suporvllor..
Ottlco Corordlnolor”
Cllnlllad Mon-gar. . .. ..Mtclsoy Frank
Composition Manager . . , . . . . , . , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. M an Wanermnrt
Advertising Sllol: Scott Curnmer. Polar Forward, Natl Suasmon. Advortlolng
Production Mon-non: Mindy Horowitz. Susan Peorlmnn, Advortlllng Produc-
Ilon: Ronl Ginsburg, Michelle Horowitz, Elnlnn Russell. Ollie. 51.": Mickey

frank. Elloen Newman  . ‘ J H I ,

 
  
 
 
  
 

 

 

 

' is a very racist remark.

Dunn Bolt, Editor in CINE/-
Woyno Poareboom. Managing Editor

Mr. Martinitino also feels that if a jury is undecided as to
the verdict, that having them consider the point further is a
coercion. Thirty-seven hours is not an exorbitant amount
of time to spend deliberating a case when a person's life and
future are involved. Furthermore. it hung jury does not
prove a person's guilt or innocence, even if it is a
“legitimate tool of the defense". The judge has every right
to send the jury back for a verdict; that's his job.

If Mr. Martiniano is in such favor of integration and
justice. why would lie want segregation in the court room? l
welcome a rebuttal.

—Diinn| Z. Mlchaell

Economic awareness

To the Editor:

1 would like this letter to serve as a comment on Robert
Martiniano's column in the Oct. lst ASP entitled “Striving
for a better economy."

Obviously Ronald Reagan‘s supply side economic
policies have not done what they were promised to do. Thr
attitude we slioitid adltere to now should be a cautious one
Art awareness of economic relationships or unseen consc
quettces are in order. '

At this poilit I would like to comment on three of tht
author‘s cigltt points. Quotas on foreign goods to stimulate
a dontestic economy is clearly one of the worst policies an
administration could support. While they may benefit the
owners and workers of General Motors the cost of these
benefits would fall heavily on the consumers of the United
States. The demand for foreign goods indicates that they
are preferred to domestic goods by at least sotne con-
sumers. Most likely foreign goods are preferred either
because of superior quality or a more reasonable price. En-
forcing quotas would deny at least some consumers the
right to purchase that product which they believe to be the
better btiy. They also keep the pressure off domestic
manufacturers to produce better quality products. Let GM
produce a better, ttiorc efficient automobile to battle the
Japanese irnporls. Quotas are retalitory. Quotas introduced
iii one coutttry can quite easily cause one‘s trading partner
to carry out a similar action.

During the Nixon administration, wage and price con-
trols did not work in the long run and probably would not
work now citltcr. These controls, while possibly altering ex-
pectations of inflation, do not innately rcmOve deep rooted
pressures on prices. When removed, prices may simply
jump to it.‘\t.‘ls where they would have been without the cort-
trols. They also hinder the efficient allocation of resources.
if the US. economy needs more economists, where is the
incentive for more people to beconte economists. without
the signal of rising wages? Wage attd price controls have a
tendency of hiding what the economy needs or doesn‘t
ticcd.

While personally opposed to any increase in defense
without spcttdiitg, a sharp reduction could briitg unemploy-
tiicttt to a great many people in that particular sector,
keeping people iti work.

lti conclusion, although we all hope attd “strive” fora
well functioning economy, a policy maker‘s ideas should
thttite the scrutiny of a great many others. This is what i
really wished to poitit out in this letter. lti this case Robert
Martitiiatio was our hypothetical policy maker and l the
scrutitti/ct. We can ottly hope Ronald Reagon will pursue
the ad\icc of his advisors the ttc\l titnc lie pttts forth it new
policy.

—.'\'icholas Aprigliniio

       
     

ArliANv
"lililIi-il
I'ltl nu

@spectcs
Production

Jack Our-citing, Product/on Manager

. . . . . . . . . ..Cathle Ryan

Vortlell camoro . . . . .. .... ... ,. ., .. .. Bill Eonllla
,Poutotup: Jenlno Barker. silo F . Mlchaolsort. Patty Mitchell.
Typintl: Joyce Balk. Pat Flnoccnlaro. Joanne Glideraloovo. Steve Green-
baum. Elizabeth Hoyman, Ginny Huber, Kelly Lone. Bruce Fork. Sarah Poet.
Laura Sacco. Mark Walter

ChlolTyponltor..

    

   

Photography
Supplied principally by University Photo Service, a student group
Chill Photograph-r: Dave Asher. UPS Stall: Alan Calem, Amy Cohen, Sherry

Cohen. David House". Lots Maltabonl, Alan Mantle, Suuri Elalno Mlndleh. ‘

Suna Stolnkamp. WIII Yurmtin

EHHID contonto copyllalrt cr 1"? Albany Studlnt Pnu Corporation.

The Albany Student Press is published Tuesdays and Frldoya between
August and June by the Albany Student Plan Corporation. an independent
not~tor-prolll corporation.

Editorlula are written by the Editor In Chlol with members at the Editorial
Board; policy in subioct to rot/low by the Editorial Board. Adverttltnp policy
done not necessarily rolloct odilorlal policy.

Malling addrou:
Albany Student Press. CC 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV 12222

 

(by?) “7:889!!me

 

   
 

 

. ...-ﬁgs 1‘. . 

 

 

