 
 
  
 
 
 
   
   

-—'*-~:m-... my... 1.

~ C... c. ..

 

 

OCTOBER 29, I982

 

 

Women hooters control play defeating Vassar

 

 

By Howard Beech
srxrrwmren
The women's varsity soccer team improv-
cd their record to 6-4-1 on Wednesday
afternoon by handin defeating the Vassar
Brewers 2-1.
Although the game went to the end of

regulation time and through two overtime
periods. the Danes quite easily defeated
their opponents.

Much of the first half was played in the
Brewers' end with the Danes holding the
upper hand taking thirteen shots on goal to
Vassar’s two. As far as fundamental soccer

 

 

 

571/ I'I/ ’ I”?

 

A“
rill? ’bFf‘o matured ' "by-'2’

 

 

 

AMY COHEN UPS

Coach Amy Kldder’s women's varsity soccer team's narrow 2-1 victory over
Vassar Wednesday afternoon lllted their season record to 6-4-1.

Playoffs out of sight but Danes forge ahead

 

By Marc Haspel
SPORTS EDITOR

 

The NCAA is not a very sociable
organization when it comes to awarding
playoff berths. it does not like to invite
teams with more than one loss to its ex-
clusive postseason party. The Albany State
Great Danes have a pair of defeats already
on their record. so they might as well stop
worrying. Once the season ends, they'll
be free to make other plans.

But the Danes still have three games to go
in 1982. Further, they have a real shot at
garnering a fine 7-2 record before they hang
up the equipment for another year. Head
Coach Bob Ford's squad isn‘t about to let
that goal slip by also.

“Any time you set a goal for yourself of
getting into the playoffs and the achieve-
ment of that goal is impossible. there's got
to be some setback. You've got to be
realistic that you’re not going to go each
year," said Ford.

“1 don’t think 1 want to play for the
future." said Ford quickly dismissing the
notion that because of key injuries certain
players can get valuable experience in the
remaining games. “1 want to play for today
and come up with the best record we can.”

The truth remains, however. that with
starting quarterback Tom Pratt and defen»
sive tackle Jim Canfield still restricted to
the sidelines for tomorrow's match with
Alfred University in Alfred. New York, the
Dane reserves will be able to see plenty of
action. Both backup quarterbacks Tom
Roth and Eric Lilcy will share the sigrurlcitll-
ing chores against the Alfred Saxons, while
Manny Cauchi and Frank Gallo again try to
hold the line in Canfield’s absence.

Albany certainly felt the brunt of their in-
juries last Saturday. Without Pratt, the
wishbone attack could only generate 239
yards including 104 yards on the ground
and 135 yards in the air, 89 of which crime
on .a single play. More significantly, the
Danes could only muster seven points

against the Cadets, a large drop from their
previous games. Defensive-1y, the Danes felt

the loss of Canfield. the 1981 ECAC
upstate New York Defensive Player-of—the-
Year. as Norwich rushed for 204 yards and
passed for 243 more. a substantial increase
over the Dane defense that had limited its
opponents to only 95 yards rushing and 136
yards passing per game in the previous five
contests.

“You can't lose two players of their
caliber and expect to be as effective." said
Ford.

With the key players still shelved, the
Danes will have quite a task before them in
battling the Saxons. Alfred, last season's
upstate New York‘s representative in the
Division 111 playoffs. are 4-3 this year. The
team from southwestern New York enters
the contest tomorrow fresh off a 35-21
drubbing of the Cortland Red Dragons.

Running their offense primarily out of a
wing-T variation, the Saxons use many set-
ups to move the ball downﬁeld.

“The thing is that the multiple forma-
tions makes it very deceiving," said assis—
tant coach Kevin Guyette who scouted the
Saxons in their last week's victory. “We
have to keep checking so we won't be fool-
ed."

The Saxons are quarterbacked by senior
Glenn Law. This 6’4" 206-pound thrower
has completed 107 passes of 195 attempts
accounting for a shopping total of 1,220
yards. The Saxons have averaged 30 at-
tempts per game. “They go to the air very
often," said Guyette.

Law's favorite targets are split end Matt
Sullivan and tight end Joe Hale. The
former’s 31 receptions have gained 363
yards, while the latter has caught 21 balls
good for 319 yards. “They‘re both stari-
douts." commented Guyette.

The Saxons are led on the ground by
fullback Gary Foti. The veteran back has
rushed for 456 yards in 122 attempts and
has set tlle pace in scoring with five
touchdowns.

Fun is joined in the backfield by a pair of
steady haltbacks: Bob Pietrosanto and
Mike Schuster. Schustcr is one in a series of

goes. the Danes found themselves playing
the role of field generals for the entire
game. .

“We had much better movement than
we've been having the last few games.
What we tried to work on in practice was to
look for the pass first and not necessarily to
Shoot,” Kidder noted .

Albany drew first blood seven and a half
minutes into the first half, when Cathy
Rnsso's crossing pass found Stre Slagel.

I, who sent the hall sailing into the top right

side of Vassar‘s goal.

Albany's only real defensive mistake
became custly twenty one minutes into the
first half. COvL‘ilplilill Lisa France‘s attempt
to clear the ball resulted in an unassisted
goal for Vassar's Leslie Kuplow. Dane
goalkeeper Lori Cohen had gone out to call
for the ball. but her fullbacks could not
gain control. Kaplow booted a strong ball
passed the diving Cohen.

“1 was calling for the ball and I didn't get
it, things like that happen sometimes."
Cohen remarked after tlte game.

At times the Brewers seemed to offer lit-
tle resistance to the Danes offense attack.
But Albany's shots-on-goal weren't follow-
cd, and sparse pressure on Vassars' seems
ineg weak goalie resulted in only one goal
by half time.

The second half should have been a drub-
bing but the Danes continued to falter in
front of Vassars' goal. Albany decided to
set shop there during the half's opening
minutes. Kidder watched as her booters

brothers to play for the Saxons.

The Saxon defense is a very tough one.
For awhile it was ranked sixth in the nation
having allowed only four touchdowns (two
rushing, two passing) before last week‘s
Cortland clash.

"The whole defense is very well-
schooled. Their defensive philosophy is
man-to-man. They want to match up

 

 

sailed shot after shot over the Brewer's
goal.

Plagued by too much dribbling in front
of the net. the Danes continued to frustrate
themselves. Although their passing skills
have noticably improved. Albany con-
tinually found their offense congested in
the middle of the field, leaving themselves
no alternative but to pass to the wings.
Consistently stranding midfielders wide
open, and trying to fincsc too much. the
Danes found tltctttsclvcs at the end of
rcgttlatiort time with 3‘) shotsAon-goal and a
garlic deadlocked at one goal tr piece.

"We had so rutrclt time. we didn‘t know
what to do with it." Kidder added.

“We tried to be too pretty-we should
have just put the ball ill the goal."

Finally, eight minutes into tltc first over-
time Dec Marfc found herself open on 11
square pass frorn Sharon Wheeler and end—
cd Albany‘s frustration. Marfc shot the
ball past Hillary Tall and finished tltc
game's scoring. lly intercollegiate rules two
tctt-tllittttle overtime periods must be com»
plctcd before the garlic ends. in Wednes-
day‘s case the second overtime was just a
formality. as the Dane defense held Vassar
scoreless for the remainder of the game.

Wednesday's game was a rnuclt needed
break for the Danes, whose tough schedule
has put them to the test. Vassar, now 5-7-1,
enabled the bootcrs to experiment on their
passing game and to work on the skills
they'll need to earn a shot at the State
Championships just down the road. 1:]

everyone one-for-one ﬁguring that their
man is better than anybody elses,” said
Guyette.

Alfred's defense is dominated by a
massive from four. The two ends. Jeff
Galvin and Dave Cardone, measure 6‘2"
225 and 6'1" 215 respectively, while the
middle of the line is bolstered by Tim Mar-
ing 5'10” 242 and Tom Steuwe 6’ l” 254 at

18>

WILL VURMAN UPS

Dane Pete McGrath has been a deep threat this season with four receptions

lor 148 yards lncludlng a 58

-yard galn and one touchdown.

 ta

 
 

 

airmail.
-

Ei‘

‘ .Léalk._

PUBLISHED T THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT'ALBANY'BY' THE ALBAN STUDET PRESS CORPORATION ‘

my Wednesday

November 3, 1982

  

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

 

 

 

VOLUME LXI-X

Cuomo edges

- New York
(AP) Liberal Democrat Mario Cuomo scored a narrow victory over
conservative. supply-side Republican Lewis Lehrman on Tuesday
in New York's gubernatorial race.

Lehrman immediately obtained a court order calling for im-
poundment of all ballots in preparation for a recount. The court
order, issued in Albany County. requires law enforcement officials
to seal the voting machines and lock up the paper ballots.

With 98 percent of the vote in — 13.894 of 14,262 districts repor-
ting — Cuomo had 2.589.659 votes or 51 percent to 2.415.335 votes
or 48 percent for Lehrman.

Cuomo, New York’s lieutenant governor since 1978, and
Lehrman. a millionaire businessman making his first political race,
want to replace lame-duck Gov. Hugh Carey. Democrat Carey an-
nounced in January that he would not seek a third, four-year term.

ehrman in tight race

Lehrman addressed his supporters but did not concede defeat in
last night's election. saying. “We are not going to take the bottom

line" until all the votes are counted.

The gubernatorial candidate made the promise shortly before
midnight as returns showed Lehrman in a virtual dead heat against
Cuomo but with networks projecting a Cuomo victory.

Lehrman, appearing before an enthusiastic crowd of campaign
faithful, said the tally could go on for hours. He appeared with
running mate James Emery. the candidates' spouses and state GOP
chairman George Clark to make the brief announcement.

On Tuesday afternoon. Lehrman had hinted at “unbelievably
He said the
Democratic-dominated area would give him a winning edge over
Cuomo. Lehrman had just returned from greeting rush hour com-

good" returns from polls in New York City.

muters in Penn Station.

Also on the gubernatorial ballot were Robert Bohner of the anti—
abOrtion Right to Life Party and four other minor party can-

didates.

Nationally. Democrats outdistanced Republicans in dozens of
House races where President Reagan’s economic policies had been
a prime issue and marched toward a sizable mid-term gains Tues‘
day in the chamber they have controlled for 28 years.

The major Democratic victories came as Americans elected a
newly reapportioned House of Representatives drawn to reflect a

10-year population migration to the Sun Belt.

Republicans had once hoped to cash in on this population shift
away from traditionally Democratic areas. But. with the failure of
economic recovery to materialize. Democrats seemed well on their
way to recouping most of the House losses they suffered in the 1980 .

GOP landslide, when Democrats lost 33 seats.

By mid-evening, Democrats had won or were leading in 208
CBS News projected the overall

Democratic gain of 34 seats, and NBC News said the pickup would

districts; Republicans in 128.

be 25 seats.

“Today the American people sent a message: set a fair course,"
said House Speaker Thomas P. O’Neill Jr. as election returns
showed a clearcut Democratic win in the election Democratic
leaders had portrayed as a referendum on Reaganomics.

added, “it was a disastrous defeat for the President."

Later. he
1:]

 

Governor-elect Marlo Cuomo

 

 

1

NUMBER 34

 

ASSOCiATED PRES

Faces challenge as Lehrman calls for recount after close vole.

Incumbents sweep in state and local elections

(AP) in New York State and Albany County local elec-
tions. incumbents easily trounced their opponents in re-
election victories yesterday.

Democratic Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan easily
defeated Republican. Conservative, and Right to Life cart-
didatc Florence Sullivan.

The two-term Brooklyn assemblywoman conceded at
10:30 p.m. as unofficial rcttrrns showed her trailing
Moynihan by a wide margin.

Sullivan. outspent nearly ti-to-l by Moynihan's $2.75
million campaign apparatus. said she lost because "i didn't
ltavc the kind of funding l needed."

Moynihan declared his victory was a triumph of the
political center over the New Right.

“We have won by the largest percentage of the vote 111
the history of Senate races in New York state." Moynihan
said. “We made this an issue: Will New Yorkers decide if
the New Right is the future of New York, and they said
.not...

With 78 percent of the precincts reporting, Moynihan led
by 64 percent to 36 percent, with 2,437.242 votes to
1,366,246.

Moynihan racked up huge margins in Democratic New
York City and led in 43 ofthe 57 other counties in the state.
tnost of which usually favor Republicans,

Samuel S. Stratton, one of the ranking Democrats on the
House Armed Services Committee. was easily elected to a
13th term.

With 86 percent of the vote counted. Stratton had
137,515 votes, or 76 percent.

Ilis closest challenger, Republican lirunk Wicks, had
35,114, or 19.5 pcrccrtt. Forrncr Rep. John (1. Dow, runn-
ing on the Liberal line, had 3.5 percent of the vote with
6,254.

l’ttlricia Mttybcrry. a Socialist Worker. and Mark Dunlctt
on the Citizens l’arty litre each had 3 percent of the vote.
witlt 56‘) and 506 votes, respectively.

Wicks and Ms. Mayhcrty botlt lost badly to Stratton in
1980. A hawk during the Vietnam war. Stratton opposed
the nuclear freeze, while his four opponents all supported
ll.

State Comptroller Edward Regan, who abandoned it run
for governor earlier this year, took a big early lead in his bid
for a second four-year term as the state‘s official auditor.

With 21 percent of the vote reported, the Republican was
leading his opponents with 61 percent or 551.564 votes.
Democrat Raymond Gallagher, chairman of the Niagara
Frontier Transportation Authority and a former state
senator, had 36 percent or 318.791. and state Assemblyman
William Finneran. a Westchester County Democrat runn-
ing on the Liberal Party line, had 1 percent or 13.017 votes.

State Attorney General Robert Abrams earned his sc-
cottd term Tticsday with a huge election victory over
Republican challenger Frances Sclstfani.

Willi 21 percent of the vote reported, Abrams had
551,647 votes for 63 percent of the vote to Miss Sclrrfnni's
317,388 votes or 35 percent.

111 Albany Cottnty elections. Democratic State Senator
Dick Nolan easily won re-elcction over Republican hopeful
James Sheehan. while Democratic Assemblyman Dick
Connors harulily heat Republican candidate Bob llaiu.

Albany County Court thdgc .lolrtt Clync defeated Joshua
J. Effron. while Democratic incumbent Sheriff George In-
l'rtnte coasted to victory over Republican challenger Ludy
Rttcinski. 1L]

  
     

      
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 

 

