l
.t
r‘

   

years. sighting the infamous exam-
ple of fairy tales. a Snow White vtrgiit and a
Prince in shining armor bestowing the
'awakening' kiss. but the myths and expecta-
tions we come to adult relationships with are
tnuch ntore coittples than the first grade
reader image of .lack running with the dog
\vh_ilgt.latre ' on the porch playyg‘dolh

 

Megan Taylor
St

Abe Anolik

RonFnthideals  a '.cry real part of
every relationship. and tire nature of that
ideal is a direct reflection of our liltliULlllJl
backgrounds lf you are a product of a a asp
upperrrrtiddle class family, the Preppy
Handbook is old news and llrff. the .rlurrcs
good sportsman utth top-siders .rird liloirde
hair. or Molly the perfect preppy \KifB-lit he
with crew neck sweater and lieriinrda bag is
the ultimate ideal lf you .rre a middle class.
bluevcollar imrkei's offspring tlte it-ck item
or herorne you climbed lll‘vll‘t the stage to
meet at H may still be. met: if sutilnnrnalli.
the ideal you seek Or if you‘re .r ii:ce leiirsi.
girl froin \k'estchestcr \i'll may be seeking
the man who mil be the ptitctt pint-.let
faithful husband and dciottd lather while
the male counter part to iii
perfect mother tt. ‘

 

r}\‘.‘.l seeks the
‘lte'r who until

 

 

 

   

 

ociologists say our sexual roles are
defined in our pie-.ktndergartett‘

not want. the tension between the reality and
the ideal may drive him to drink. literally just
to avoid the situation.

Just as men are conditioned to want sex.
women are cottditotted to say no. so that In
a situation where she may want to say yes.
the myth or ideal may get iii the way and de-
nying her true feelings she will say no. Part
of tltis difficulty is the fact that sex has never
been pair of the romantic ideal The princess
in the story nei er has menstrual cramps or a
headache and the prince is never sore orj'ust
too tired or reuse Romance has strict rules.
and although the game is great it is not ihé
total'reality til love

Romantic iirytlts are a good reflection of
the tone of st may at arty point in time.

 

Often they are the first to mark a change in
the moral. ideological trends of the public
In the Fills ulreti politically and economically
the country it as toitservattve. the ideals had
shifted to musical heroes like Elvis Presley.
who clearly represented a more towards a
sental tL’\()lUlitiit that was not fully «plated
til the oils if this trend continues. the cur‘
rent smash success of groups like Air Supply
and individuals like Willie Nelson would
seem to mark a trend back to the ‘old
fashioned belief in orte perfect mate. a cott-
setxatrve ontology that we cart see the roots
of even now in the current trends of our
polttrcal leaders

We often fall in love with certain people
bet .rtise they set off certarit tapes iii our head
tit .r ~pecific ideal You're in a bar and you
we .r woman who has red hair shes stnlttrg.

   

Romance is not a dirty word. In fact the
classically romantic gestures of flowers.
breakfast ttr bed (both by or for either pan-
ner). or the more iniirriate expressions of
romance like a palm gently kissed during a
sexual pause. all contribute to make love a
more wonderful thing. The things we con-
sider romantic is greatly influenced by the
media‘ Many women would give alot to be
Scarlet O'Hara when Rett Butler first enters
the party anti others would give just as much
to be Jane Fonda out on the trail with Robert
Redford tit Electric Horseman. interestingly
enough. even lit the movies. these relation-
ships don't work '

In the interaction of discarding old ideals
and building new composites to fit around
our new found beloved. we often put that
person on a pedestal. The problems witlt
pedestals is that they're very high and berng
on top is sour There is a lot of responsibility
invoked ttrtir staying up there. responsibility
that few (if its really wattt Oh. the glory and
the YCDSntttt‘iCU of being admired and
adored rs great for the ego. but the truth rs
that if you accva the pedestal. like
l‘ygntaliair you become just the image. the
statue that embodies someone else's
ittytlrtiltigrml dream

Romantic myths are also the stuff of which

 

SllliuS like 1 tit-e Roar are made You see 50-
itteotre across the room (or the deck as the
case may be) riiivl suddenly bells ring. and
love is iii bit it tl't Tito days later. back lit Los
Angeles the ti tiple is ready for the ultimate
ending « “happiy eter after" Although we
kittiv. this never happens in real life (don't

 

 

  
 

         

 
 
 
 

   

   
  

l

l

f
l .. Shidvi dress tvt‘eli and we intuit t. i‘ei  she‘s petii .iil the attributes of vout A-l-l 'we’l rte love at
l l  3:; ‘ll‘ll-‘c:‘!lt>‘l‘|‘55 1-“ « ‘tlli > l‘k'tt‘l‘k ‘ tape )so  .ipp'rrniach and inI the course of .-\t the heart of th:st-t arty romantic myth is
IV \I m “f r" «v ‘ v K H. H ' I ; V.“  I tt-tivtrstrt-on she . its ttitirt.V ill trte attributes of the search fit! if . somebody who mil cum-
. i - ~ ‘ ‘  W39“- t‘lt -i~ «5- \r mi: i \i-ttr tape-ideal l‘ut at the same t”r'.e you fill plete us ‘tetlret \ttut dream is a tall. dark
H NIPClmllV‘f“ Ul‘" ’7 31‘ ti‘A-‘lk Lint ‘ her fi-Z tape of stable worker potential hus- s'iaitger U“ .i ciit se ship it ho will sueep you
 “Ht? 3‘ 5*“ ‘73 L’\l‘k‘»lt‘iiii~=\5 - l I hand etc What happens -' that you star‘. to t till your fc or the perfect t'eit on the
r be ﬁbre to Lie up to claw r ping -t:it~. the e\pectatioirs of each others . beaches of M your ideal is yours to

i Conditioned to been e that tin. i. l I

 

'
t or try to hat e
rl tunity Oppos. ..

  

.t-trirg the qun' to that don't tu.‘v‘t:l5 tit the i'ght and

it exactly E\L‘T‘rltittllf, this rear t-rtshrp gets

  

\ ~i’l\ “1‘,”th ' \rtrr‘ lc‘il‘ﬂf.

 

deal because til the pristine remit-icement l hold on or gi. h {in dourriir Astute who

 

rtttt r~ .-t every glts c trig piece

   

      

 

     

l ‘ l T
l.‘ azd-l‘a‘k :1 to .. ... . . .
.; t k E  1v .. .llll‘ ,g potttt tshcie you other chuck the l .f tttetat  5 sun l latrr iii. !
f _ or horny in l - r ..: H... , i., . l
I ‘ . > a t. .ij j ict at; t..c ptt~ :. liit who I. :tiyttscai. in .t t.  itrtoitzitgotr ac
; uaere titbetzteezr . l. ,,  . , 4. .j. ... . . . l , - t  .
} f I I r .t .4 “iv ti you cauc. ...e lik’lbﬁli [ when there w 'lL'til person lu tzri ttre
t t ‘On t‘ll ’1 : ttr . s :t .. .
I: I c \ u i r c \ .ct .r..~u .l ey .rie tit t your :deai . or create a l.r.'L\ it: e
r i ' '
r ,
l
, . . . .
om kiteit is. he a e r. '~ w '
I .a no that and prance .up it. the East I .tsses or one if ttrttsc pend

last lt‘R weeks o!

 

_;.o.. _

‘3. s.

l
.l
l
t

 

 

 
 

l1 ' \v Ct will

just bet te

relatties accosted t:er d. ‘t_' .: threaded

 

needle met her ursr lull'x'tl t‘.\' around in
see \AlltCl‘i way her \Zt‘ililtk‘f‘. in. :t 1 and ran
out to buy pink gt‘

s

 

U 0

‘ Judie Eisenberg

l Spent—Fail: V '
l baby with many p irk accestii es l 'i'v‘r‘i'd
rosy until halfway through my third year
when my parents came- h.'.. '
hospital carrying another pa -. ts
baby

“What dat’"

“This is you next s:sier I‘Iaatt ' Dad smil-
ed “Come see ‘

"Koo—oh "

“Don't you l:ke Darctt’ Daw'rt lzkes you
already She told me " Dad sitizied

“Dat's sill-ly " _

At that pottrt Dawn began '1‘. haul and
turn several shades of blce and l didn't blame
her at all Nerenheless. l tart :nrci our room
and sabotaged her Desitin

l was able to tolerate Davn‘s BMSZCHCQ
because I thought she was only in town for
the week

Morn explarned that Dawn was now a fact
of life and l had bener get used to it And be
nice And don't tear apan her mobiles
Okay. I figured. l'll ignore her. maybe she'll
go away ltumed my energy to other things

Such as my ballet lessons Mom signed
me up for the Tuesday afternoon class with
Mr Banks But she netc’r told me
about Danskins Every Tuesday Morn
would lay out that ever so adorable black
bodysuit int its t:ny marchtiiglearards and

. it?
c\’ nil

 

e years as i ‘

  

 

than the

 

   

 

 

Y
Mum satd Mr Banks iitStsted I wear it: it
"ore pitwfesszonal But at age ll\€ l was

 

interested it professninaltsirr l told
Brinks my true feelings

‘I Hate Dansktns I don't want to wear
L’lll

He began teltritg me how l‘lCQ l looked.
but I cut him off wait an \.’\‘tl glare

"They itch."

“But you hate to near a bodysutt "

‘Tk‘hy’" I

Mr Banks sighed. then smiled benignly
'Sueethean. the flL’Ubilllyiof the Danskin
material enables the ballerina to more freely
uith case and grace ”

l stormed out of the room 1 uas through
with ballet lessons forever. l announced
Morn sighed but didn't say a word She took
me home and looked over her photos

We moved to the Bronx when l was
seven. about the same time everyone from
the Bronx mmcd to Rockland County
Dawn moved with us '

There were loads of girls my age living in
the building and we all became fast friends
There were also loads of boys in the building

They were the ones who said things like.
“Look at all the pussy Willows." l complarn-
ed to Mom.

Mom explained that boys were a fact of life
and I would have to get used to them. And
be nice. And tell the teacher if they gave me
nuggiat

Mind -.-ou. I had never gotten used to my
Sister. and I didn't think those boys stood any
better chance Besrdes. I u as pretty sure at
least some of those boys had comics i told
that to Mom.

lit sixth grade all the young ladies would

 

 

 

llit w res " she

Now i tia.‘

3.1‘.

wt L't'ysses the last four times
.t rained on gyri: days. but I preferred even
that river the .‘ilt-dess film festival 1 hated

the sight oi b:.-.~d

 

 

"As you rttature. you will notice certain
changes in your body

Debbie leaned over and whispered in my
eat "If she . s ‘Bltissommg Young Flower‘
one more i I‘m gonna pukel"

But on by one it hit us all. and each day
for the ite\t tut years someone new would
walk to the girls' lockers in search of aspirin
l \\ as prepared for months before it ltappeit~
ed, Mom had bought me a floweth Modess
starter kit ar‘d a pastel-pink booklet called
What To Tell Your Daughter.

However. Mont had forgotten to buy me a
bra At the end of sixth grade l needed one
desparately because all the girls itciuld pluck
at each other's backs and there id be. with
the tell‘talc Stleitce of the undershirt l was
humiliated

The day i got my Maidettform trainer
Mom decided to have a tetc‘to-tete and
discuss a few things with me. lrold her I had
already decided to use the Lamaz method of
natural childbirth She told me to Sit down

“One day a man will come and he'll wattt
to do it wth you," Mom stated Don't do it
Judie. don't do it"' ~

"What?"

"Listen." Mom said. confidentially. as she
went on to Pkpldlll that all men are after only
one thing and if you let them do it they'll just
use you. then dump you. and you'll be the
hottest item in the men's locker room for
weeks "

 

 

 

"if they really love you. they'll wait Morn

nodded itisely aitd handed me a \vlirte pani-

 

 

   

 

 

.1 Sllppe” She l‘r'wd “ 5"“ “"Jl‘ “ "9‘" “minimally be nursed from class in see Ptilei on Your Ruth: To S A.

 PhOlO (“l 7”" “WW “m9 l 9*“ min some film in the auditorium My friend Sin: 1 brought the.t)\ttr hlflyi u

f; lhdl thing l3 “35 Ugly and l‘wl Mid Why has on the AV Squad and l’d get the .nside Erica and Datith mid git; oi‘tlowntl0 Show
 and the last thing it the world l wanted to do viord from her “tadan me" 0w” copies ‘ V l“ "‘il llk‘m
l' .

‘.

tl‘

t’ .

l t

l l ‘ ..

 

- -~w~umwmm_mmm.~_- . 

 

 

   

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   

 

"Yes

i i .
MC'PCL‘B'.

" f‘ebbte assured
dire-bids talk 1

\'.e ail assurrtej .2 kid: a

 

   

 

item on tut“. tut bushes

 

When I brought ti

school. Morn stood lot,“

 

shoulder dermatth .\

4 J . ..
lat

 

lt‘7"‘.'

  

‘. the correct .rrtotrtrat if

"Your FULL z\.-\.‘\lE 'mt year i =' V

"Mummm l have that nattxe

"And there'" she rare} "C! in
Academic box "

“What's the Ll‘flc‘ti.‘ ‘

"Vocatnial tutti-rig is l.r ;‘-t t‘ i 
aren't going to college You Hi -
spend your high school years  n. .1» “r
do you .’"

l checked off the Acadutirc b» \

"But. you know." Mom said sutzdeii‘i
dreamy. “You should take some hl‘tlltl
courses irt school. and maybe -t':€ ‘l“‘l'
ihattd lt Couldn't hint and it's ‘llk\.l‘.5 geml
to have some secretarial skills to fall back on
lit case of emergency "

The emergency came (out Leah i-llk‘lr
after I had spent the last of im st-tilllt‘ll“
presents lcaugiii Mom on pay day and .i~k
ed lter poriit blank fl‘l my .illtiuattcr‘ iii-iirt'v

She snapped her wallet closed who"
she said

I was tint pleased

I landed nty'frtst rob iii the M.r:t!i.rtt.i:’
"‘9 office of the world‘s ftlfl‘llti ~ A
tuter of ladies‘ underwear l tieie ueic tt-W

 

 

 

 

 

erywltere: hanging front racks in the
‘ room. piled irt heaps on the desks. in
, “‘ln" box. out every "Out" box.

t slightly awkward sitting next to Jeff‘s
1:05 he flufferl tip the underwear and
to 9d into lllL’ phone: “Oh. iltie. you
btely want this for your display!

lenier'gurrcies were emergencies. andlf
rtldtt't get my allowance anymore l'd
Lin type parity-letters and underwear-
Besides. I thought. $200
cek was a pretty good salary.

ell. it wasn‘t a bad salary. at least before
' rd how muclt the salesmen made.

" hose assholes.".Ktitlty told me (Kathy
‘Leott's Girl as surely as l was Jeff's Girll.
do all the work and THEY get paid over

tlike Kathy. l hadn't stayed long enough

met month just before college started.
lust after Jeff developed Ladies Style 6‘)
elem-tabbed pullaway underwear. He
"Vlth to stress the comfort of the tear-
' V. adlustnblc sides to the boss as l picked
“it last paycheck and walked out the
r

ths headed for college. where I would he
‘liutsild in air intellectual irtt'ritispheru and

 

 

 

 

 

 

breeze is wandering itt thru the

screen on the window; Its path et-

ched permanently and
transparently in the artificial brightness of this
lazy room, There is no vattlty here. no con-
tempt, lsit on this bed. I am careless. strewn
with the idea of each new moment, There is
no pattern. it is a random. fasltitinless mo-
ment iii an hour crowded with many. At
times like these I lend to travel itt rtty nwrt lit-
tlc space. I enjoy reminiscing about past ex-
periences and dwelling Oil the emotions of
those days and how they've altered and
shaped me. it's hard to perceive my changes
itt terms of the Jeannie .‘iiactiirtettl I see
everyday. but when I see someone with
whom I was close at our. time. I realize how I
have changed and how I seerttingly continue
to do so. l suddenly see the tleaitrtic l was
when l was wrtli that particular person. and
their 1 see her now. and she is itoi the same.
She looks different. her thought phtterns are
different. perhaps she talks differently. I am
struck by the itairsftirrrtatioiis; I am both
elated and frightened by change 7

Debbie Millman

The tL'rlSitfi lwllltiil these changes intrigues
tttc.t‘tit' ittristrtticli its l have evolved in my
own person. Illl' viriitrus people in my life
ltavv made a lasting mark on my character:
shaped and llllllli’llt'l'il tiiy personality. and
even lrt'tgliivtretl my goals til|(l tittriivtrltoirs
This seems at Ullt‘i‘ liollr pic-disposed and

spontaneous

l ieiiieitibttr l‘riL'l( rir ititiior high school a
boyfriend irretrirt recognition. it wasn't
necessarily important who you were going
ortt with. what was Nltltttfli‘rtltl was the fact
that somebody lltHl "asked you out" No.
you weren't actually going tti “go”
anywhere. \vlttil llltll lL‘tItt allowed this star
struck "couple" to do was sit iii either per-
sons basement. listen to Neil Young's After
The Gold Rush and most iirrpor'taiilly.
make out. man. Suddenly everybody iii
your eighth grade class knew you .is .i cou-
pltv. utrti giopetl ftri i‘tli lr others lititlies iii the
dark hallways by the gym. and felt real
set'uit- tllttllllll your peers llit'kies were

i's sirt'lr .i tlt-ep ititirri. I've never

seen llll' t eiliirri at all Just stars like

llllt'lililtlrillli‘ water bugs swimming
on the surface tension til the sky My lied.
wherever it may lll'. lie it on iiiittl flats hy the
river. by a road or lit a t‘tiiitflvltl. has been
unshared for .i long time Sortietiiiit-s. \vltttrt
lt‘aii't sleep and the lrotitiirrless depths of the
ceiling loses it's interest. | wish there was (l
woman nearby Wlitillt l could touch:

Michael Benson

Just one | ('iillltl reach over and caress a
little It's a pity that the grounds til the earth
are such ltiiiely places. really. because I
seem to SDL’lltl ltalf of my life here under the
stars which hang iii space below the ceiling.
There are ritarty of llii'iti: lirlght ultras. red
ones: every once in a while one moves for a
second before it flickers out of existence. But
one tltirrg they all have in common Is that
they are very far away it's been a longtime
since anyone has touched me. although it
wasn't always that way. I still remember a
time when i had a l)L’(l in a small room. The
walls were peeling. the window was cracked.
but sometimes tit least I would ltave so-
meone to sleep with. That was a long time
agtr. For many years now I've been walking
these field's and streets. past shuttered shops
iii early morning. staring blindly through
grey windows like a dull inmate: many times
the sun has cycled high with the clouds
touching the leafless trees on the street. this
winter alone. to light my vague figure below.
And when the night comes and f can see the
room so deep. almost invisible, I feel my
loiteliites most The streets become cold.
and shapely neon signs Exclaim to me. glvA
trig unwanted advice like hookers iii the
dusk This is when | feel my tlttsirt: for it
Woman most. I have not yet grown to be
such it foul that [can't realize this is ltirpossi-

life [can recall seeing myself in a itrir'ror fur

 

proudly displayed as your proof of this newly
found love that was "goin to last foreva".
Back in the eighth grade “foreva” usually
lasted about two months. But. of course.
there was always Nancy and Andy who
started going out in ninth grade and ended
up getting married two months after high
school graduation.

Everybody also said they were dolrtg It
liack iti ninth grade Karen had bleached
liltintle littlr arid alwayt wore real skimpy
jeans river a very ample rear Bleached
liltintle hair was a ticket to popularity irt high
school [\tty girl that wanted a guarraitieed
date ll) every football party and to snag
(gasp) .r football player for (l steady boyfriend
simply lltl(l to bleach her ltair the palest
shade of platinum blondc and try out for the
clreerleatliiig squad I really. really wanted
to he a cheerleader. | ditl bleach my hair
(though I referred to if as natural liigltliglitsl
and I tried my (ltittttiust itr he rule I wore
deep green eyeshadow. blow tltli’tl my hair
as straight -.rs prist'alikl and went after my
iiliiiiititt' tlretritt titan. firing. a football
player. wrestler and track star I never at:-
iiitrlly ltti'tl tiiii ftii the clteeilerrtiirig strtiatl (I
couldn't tltr .i splitl. but being wiilr Doug was
my key to acceptance .riitl approval. I
adored ilrt-eriirg for lritti Ill the lllilll‘ltlll
games from the bleachers. and was fit-
tit'tlililv proud to show the picture of him in
full football uniform to irry relatives lworLl
the gold and llltlltlillHl tllll(li‘ liitit i’li’l titttliIKl
my truck like a leash and hardly took ll tiff ltrr
iwtr years The times | tlitl take If tiff were
the intimate iirtrriteirts of discovering our
new found sexuality aiitl tltv l'li'llltll (.‘losv
To The Edge and Physical (int/[tin ll “lily
iiry irrotiivi knew how we used lli ttti lltll'k to
my llllll‘il.‘ during our lunch break while she
was working I don't think | Will ever forget
the day Doug's rirtitlter recognized Iris cat itt
front of my house cliiriitg our usual rendez-
vrrirs and started screaming Ill us while she
firiroiisly rang the hell and threatened iti
st'titl [long till to the Marlin". \Ve had a
lltllil tiirre toiiviirt'iiig lM'i we were studying
l’livsit’s She could never look iIlI‘ iii the eye
again and flirtitt told the lit' lratl trvt'iltetit’tf
lll" llilllllt‘l it'll lii» ftlllh’i' llttll allt' felt that l

the first llllM' iii years It was ftllt'lV recently.
iir .i store window. and i couldn't believe the
tendons staiitliirg out. the \viltliiess of my
eyes in the llltlSS"(l hair of my face And so.
you we. I don't think that I Will .rtrtriii share
that lliiili’lltiril‘tll’ tltiiig. ivrrriii rllltl sltiw llitlll
its fitrislretl tillll lime takes over l‘rt-tjtieitily.
l.rin so lonely l tan feel the i'illll ttVL‘t coiling
beside me like a (lead snake. and it pulls at
tiiv t rtrwltirii skin like a living thing My soul
t‘llilili'h from lack of warmth.

Jack falls in love
with Jill’s image of
Jack, taking it to

be himself
R.D. Laing

 

 

 

I noticed a couple years ago that l was
talking ttut loud a lot. for when you just think
alone. tltirikirtg heightens loneliness. but
when you talk aloud its almost possible tb
throw off its weight. Now l hardly ever talk
since the night l noticed arty speeclt-. no mat-
ter how quiet. vanished upwards. vacuumed
ltito the stars until even the tltougltt which
spawned the words is as dead as the burnt
out cinder of a suit. [don't want to talk to a
woman (luring the space of ttigltt. [just want
to lie next to her in the darkness and feel her
warmth against mine. I want itt create a little
shelter of heat fit this huge empty roont. a
place where all words are contained in the
warmth of the smooth silence beneath the lit-
visihle ceiling. Sometimes these fantasies
overwhelm the. uitiil their itulsu drowns out
the periodic rush of cars front the road. utttil
even the swarm of stars is gone and sett-
sutiiis ltirriis dance iii front of my eyes and

 

 

September l4. I982/p'age 7a

& Jill: Who the  reand how ty shaped our lives

had corrupted her son and that he'd never
be the same. Doug's father blamed It on the
fact that my parents had gotten a divorce.

> Our everlasting relationship lasted until I
got tti college where suddenly l fell into a all-
que where it was unfasltlonable to dye one's
hair arty unnatural color. I started listening to
the Grateful Dead. developed a taste for
Trilu. bought a couple of litdlart skirts and
decided there was nothing better than loving
Weryone. peace. love. granola. and LSD l
sneered at the .lAPs dancing to disco and felt
sorry for anyone that didn't appreciate the
true value iif poetry

My mother couldn't understand what I
sari lit the dirty boys with ponyialls attd
lirsliees I slept on the floor. let my hair frlzz
its natural self and rarely showered. My
mother suggested that l sec-k serious profes-
sional help

After a few months l realized that perhaps
lira». living as (-lrisemirtdtvrl as it” the peoplcl
contlerriiietl and wondered wlty l was con-
sisttiiitly influenced by whatever sdemed to
lie fashionable iii terms of wiirrtirtg friends.
low rtliil acceptance The roles I was play-
iiitr warned to be as transient as my
litiyliit'titls, and irty boyfriends seemed to be
as transient as my role playing Who was I
really deep down insrde'.’ If I didn't mold
lleL‘lf into a carbon copy of tlrcI peers sur-
rounding me. would 1 gain as ntuclt accep-
t.int 0" And why (ll(l my acceptance seem to
dwell in the realm of looking and behaving
like llitrw tiiitllllil rite? lrlectded to give it a
try l nieeklv put my mattress back fit my
bedroom tillil wore the clothes I did because
lhlllt‘i'n'lk' wanted to | showered every day.
rilltl started to read the books that had
always intrigued me. It took some time for
MW in lll'l used to the new me. and often
times it um. really hard not to be swayed by
\tiioett'r lwas with just because I didn't wartt
lti tifft'trtl that person tit have them not like
llll’

Anti so ili'ttilhlL' (‘rraconiettl has changed
rllltl eiolvt-tl It's still (ltlflt'llll to keep from
falling into my own myth of who l ant and
why. Images are “\(‘L't‘illllﬂlu sit/o. but the
struggle is \Uitlli it (\lltl while i ﬁll in my safe
little it it till rltltl feel the soft. ptili' illt surround
lil\' | rrltiitist li'vl (tittiftittaliltt j I

lltiit liii:~.ltes iitV face as I sit in ilicl (hit I get
drunk t.ir them They follow me like it glttisi-
ly lltllt’lli they follow itii,’ as l sltufllu down
the \illlli'll streets aiitl rtit'k strewn roads;
they follow me through the unwinding itiglit
lioiirs irrrtrl finally I can't hear it any more aitd
the dawn curries t'lear tlllll sterile. it's rays
white like surgeon's fingers probing the flesh
of earth That was when I felt my loneliness
most. nevertheless i could rvst irt Ilh safety. It
was after that night when I. again. saw
myself in a mirror and saw l was hltrticly from
scraping the walls as they passed me. I
almost laughed out loud .it my ltillisltness.
l‘liv stupidity of sortieoitu as old and decrepit
as l destiiirg a woman! I-‘irtil bleeding lit the
mirror from his own deluslt ml I almost
lairglietl lililll i realized that sagging and
wasted face looking back at me was srttlling
through its fifth, l lqu quickly. brick to the
tagged grass of fields. fearing for my sanity.
wondering if there was airy left.

i retain a clear picture of that grey grin in
the wait morning llgltt. that insane mouth
like it hole itt my heard. the blood Caked on
my arm. Later I saw in" fears groundless
and my sariin as a tenuous and forgotten
memory of my youth. I realized sanity had
been sucked up iitto the spaces above long
ago but it didn't matter. because I was the
whole ltutitatt race. staggering like a drunk
between past and future yet convinced there
must be sortie goal. Like a druttk reeling
tltrouglt the dead night streets and days I was
thinking of something as unreachable as the
warmth of woman. Since seeing this. the
desolation of my loneliness has been a little
easier to bear. and l have found I can still
lose myself iii the depths of the ceiling
wltlttiut wishing for anything better. I ap-
preciate the fact that there are others as lotte-
Iy as irtysulf. women and men. thu live in a
deep room and have never seen a ceiling.
just uncountable stars like water hugs skating
on the surface tension of the sky. JD]

 

 

 

 

 

 

