 

 
    
   

 

Albany capt

By Marc Haspel

SI’OR TS EDI TON

 

 

Ithaca. N. Y.

The last time the Albany State Great Danes had won a
tournament away from University Gym was nearly two
years ago in tlie SUNYACs. Way back then it was a
sophomore named Mike Gatto who silenced the raging par-
tisans in Potsdam's Maxcey Hall by sinking two free throws
in overtime to give the Danes their first out-right SUNYAC
title. Sunday. Albany's long road tournament drought
came to an end in the Ithaca Invitational. and fittingly it
was a senior named Mike Gatto who provided the heroics.

Playing near his hometown. Owcgo. New York. Gatto
treated many of his fans to excellent basketball. His two-
game perfortiianccs in the totirtiey earned liliii tournament
Most Valuable Player honors. (iatto led the Danes with 23
points in the title ganie against the host Ithaca College
Bombers. which the Danes won 75-60. In addition. Gallo
had l4 points in Albany's first-round wiri over the Mid
dlebury (.‘ollege. ohich Albany also won 86-53. Indicative
of his success. (ialto also performed well from the foul litie
as he sank eight of nine in the opener and nine of twelve in
the title game.

"This is the kind of basketball Gatto is capable of play‘
ing. He has nearly reached his potential." sriid Albany
State basketball head coach Dick Saucrs.

Gatto. a riiodest hero. offered a more learn-oriented
perspective of the weekend‘s triumphs. “We were sick of
winning second place in every tournament." he said. "It
was a good tournament wrn for us. We deserved to win it. It
makes tip for the Union loss."

The Danes were presented with a formidable task in
meeting the Bombers. Ithaca was last season‘s Independent
Collegiate Athletic Conference (ICAC) representative to
the NCAA tournament. Further. the Bombers had every
player back from that playoff team including a second team
All-American in 6‘4" Senior forward Tod Hart. Hart had
not scored under 10 points iii any ot' Ithaca‘s last 38 games
including the Bornbcr's 88-78 preliminary victory over the
Eastern Connecticut State College Warriors in which he
scored 33 points.

But against Albany, the senior found himself forced to
the bench in early foul trouble. Hart committed three fouls
in the first eight minutes of the game.

“I know it was a bonus for us with Hart playing as little
as he did," said Sauers. Hart finished the game with only
ten points.

Nevertheless Alban could not ea italizc on his absence.

i a  “He was real touﬁhl" said Thomas whose defender dur-

Road tournament victory relieves long drought

 

By Marc Sehwan
ASSOC/A TE SPORE EDITOR

 

Ilhaea. N. Y.

At the end of every tournament the public address an-

nouncer calls for the second place team to come forward

and receive their trophy. It has become a familiar scene
for the Albany State basketball team.

Following the Danes game against Ithaca Sunday for

. the championship of the Ithaca College Tip Off Tourna-

ment. the captain of the losing team was asked to accept

the second place trophy. John Dieckelman rose from the

bench.
“I did it as a joke. I just got so used to accepting the se-
cond place trophy. It feels good to ﬁnally win." said the
. Albany co-captain.
; With the 75-60 win over the Bombers. Albany had its
first tournament victory since last year's Great Dane
rClassic and first on the road since the dramatic victory
over Potsdam in Maxcey Hall to win the SUNYAC in
March I98l.
i “it's about time we won a tournament on the road."
I sophomores Dan Croutier and Jan Zadoorian said. For
both it was the first time they enjoyed victory in a tourna-
ment away from University Gym.

“We accomplished everything we wanted to. We talked
about it all night in the hotel, going over strategy," Tour-
nament MVP Mike Gatto said. “I'm sick of finishing sc-
cond in tournaments. We worked hard for this."

The Danes won their ﬁrst tournament in over It mon‘
ths in an Impressive way. defeating Ithaca. an NCAA
tournament team of a year ago with a returning All
American.

"We were poised in a s I « v
usz"; ahpleascd Coach Diiilgtltlltf: it‘d?“ gm "way no

mm...» .. . ,coach Tom MIL, commen y‘

 

 

DECEMBER 7, I982

 

 

 

Mlke Gatlo drlbbles against the Platlsburgh Car-
dinals In an earlier game this season. He won Tour-
The Danes, who flirted with a five-point lead during the
half. settled for a one-point lead at half-time. 30-29. Gatto
netted 12 points in the half.

The Danes began to break away from Ithaca iii the open-
ing of the second half. Junior forward Wilson Thomas
sitiglc-handcdly ignited the Dane explosion with four con-
secutive buckets.

am Ha" ha. I DAVE ASHER UPS
me an” ms g:g::nwell comlng all the bench for

 

 

namant MVP. honors last weekend In the Ithaca ln-
vitational to lead the Danes to the tournament wln.

irig his string of baskets was the All-American Hart. “He
was trying to hold me with his arms. But I was quicker than
he. and I could get around him."

Those quick eight points seemed to be the spark needed
to lead the Danes to victory. “What really got us going was
Wilson's points at the beginning of the second half." said

Sauers.
17>

followng the title game. “Albany State and Ithaca.
Potsdam and Hamilton arc the cream of the crop in the
state right now.“

The Danes performance in their next four games will
tell how far they will rise. Albany will host their two main
rivals for the SUNYAC-East crown this week, as Oneonta
and Potsdam make early season appearances in Universi~
ty Gym. Following a 17 day layoff. the Danes will be back
in action in the Great Dane Classic. Albany will compete
against highly regarded Hamilton, Scranton and St.
Lawrence.

Since their triple-overtime loss to Union the Danes have
been unstoppable. rolling to four consecutive victories by
till average margin of over 21 points. Despite their patient
ball control offense. Albany has averaged over '85 points
per game durng that stretch and has had a 20 point scorer
in three of the four games.

The last four games have seen the return of Dieckelman
to last year's ECAC All—Star team fornt. and the
emergence of Gatto as an all-around force on the court.
After both suffered through a disappointing performance
in the Capital District Tournament. the two senior co-
captains have sparked the team on their current steak.

During the first half of Saturday‘s Middlcbury game,
Dieckelman was the dominating force. pouring in l2
points. grabbing nine rebounds and blocking four shots.
Gatto has averaged almost l9 points over the last three
games including a career high 23 against Ithaca.

A pleasant surprise for Sauers has been the perfor-
mance of his bench, a question mark before the season.

Greg Hart. Rich Hay and Luke Jamison have made key
contributions to the Danes winning effort.
Adam and Zadoorian switching between starting guard
and first man off the bench. the Danes seem to have the
depth and strength to carry them through the vigors of the
long basketball season. El

 

 

 

VOLUME LXIX

  
 
 

 
  
 

ALBAEIY
STUD NT
PRESS

Friday

December 1 0, 1 982

NUMBER 42

 

? Minority hiring in SUNY sinks to dismal low

 

 

By Anthony Sllber
mm STA/'7' WRITER _

SUNY has not had a significant increase .
in the number of women and minorities it
has rccctilly hired. despite extensive affir-
riiative action measures. SUNY officials
have announced.

Albany‘s carripus has lagged in minority
programs as well. but Affirmative Action
Dircctror Gloria DeSole says this reflects
hiring problems in general.

In a story published In New.vrla,v.Nov. 2‘).
state" officials acknowledged that between
1077 and I98I. the university system‘s total
faculty decreased 2.3 percent. from 9.257 to
9.046. During the same period. minority
representation dropped even more ~ 3.8
percent - from 789 to 759. Female frictilly
hinc not fared tnticli better. The number of
women increased just more than 2 percent,
from 2.060 iii I977 to 2.lt)9 iii I‘llll. As of
spring Win. the Albany ‘tlllll‘IIlS had just
under 8 percent mirrorin members in its
lacuhy. reflecting the statewide percentage.
and just under 14 percent female members.
' Ich lower than the 23.6 SUNY wide
percentage.

State oll‘icial blame the stagnation of
minority hiring on a general hiring lag caus-
cd by a shrinking workforce, anticipated
declines in sliideiil crirolhiient. competition
for jobs iii private business wile" degree
holders can make much higher sularic. . and
trick of qualified candidates in some fields.
said Newsrlrly.

I)cSole agreed. emphasizing that the cur-
rent recession makes it particularly hard to
conduct affirmative action. She said there is
a spirit of conservatism which manifests
itself iii less risk-taking by hiring personnel.
A person iii a position to hire new faculty
will feel that if there is to be only one new
hiring for several years. it is best to go with
the candidate they are most comfortable
with — that is. iri most cases — with males.
she noted.

DcSole cautioned that SUNYA‘s
statistics should not be used to measure af-
firmative action on campus. since hiring
goals are prescribed by the Affirmative Ac-
tion Plan. and are set department by
department. They are based on candidate
availability in the speeil - field. and
monitored by DeSole's office. “For exam-
ple." she said. “the Grounds Department
has a pool of local workers. bill it faculty
deprirtriient has It nritioiiiil pool. If. of the
total number of I’li.l). holders in a given
field. thirty percent are black. the goal ot'

 

l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the campus is to hire three blocks for every
ten people in the department." While at-
tairiirig goals of this kind are hard. she said.
the problems are exacerbated when for
various reasons minority I‘lCIllhcl'S already
in place lettvc.

In it period of I'L‘“’Sl0ll and retrench-
tiiciil. DeSole said. it is hard to hire any
people. minority or not. She said that in
cases like these. it is important to hold on
th' affirmative action gains already made.
“If we can’t show an iticrr. se iti numbers."
she said. “we can show it better use of litc
numbers we have.“ She noted that there is a
woman head of the computer center.
several women iii the finance and business

Mlnorlty
8% 14%
8% 23.6%

 

1982 Percentages of Minorities
and Females Employed
____,__________.—_———-—~_,

Female

 

sections of the administration. ii woman
tIL‘lItiL‘lIliC vice president for the first tiriie iii
the school's history. and a black associate
vice president. She said that these positions
are too few and too important to be con»
sidcrcd token liiritigs.

lrl tlie absence of active hiring. she said.
many actions are being taketi. at the direc—
tion of the president. to build up the carri-
pus life and the curriculum to reflect and
cmphasi/e thc crimpus‘ ctlttiic diversity.
Notable among these is the President's
l ccttircsbip Series. DeSolc noted.

Although the president has addressed the
issue consistently. (‘hairnian of the Afr
riiosphciic Science Department. llnrrv

. Hamilton. feels that there are things miss-
ing at the intermediate levels. I'I don't
know that the Affirmative Action Office is
working hard enough on deans to push
this." he said.

Minority Student Services Director. Carl
Martin. attributes the lack of hiring minori-
ty staff rind faculty to the low turnover of
people due to tcritire and economic retren-

‘ chmcnt. but also believes that narrowly

defined job positions often rule out
7 qualified minority candidates because they
do not fit the exact specifications.

Martin said that the triiive ity‘s Affir-
mative Action policies have amounted to
little more tltati lip service. “liven tlflcr ten
years of minority students attending
predominantly white schools,“ said Martin.
“with the cveeption of the Afro-American
rind I’nci to Ricnri studies areas there are ori-
ly it handful ol minority faculty members."

Martin belicwd that the lack of minority
faculty rind staff has ricgatbc affects upon
the minority students who get a subtle hint
that the school is not as sensitive to their

 

needs as it should be.

Ilc proposed that a group be formed
under the auspices of the Aftirmative Ac-
tion Office to rctrcw job descriptions as
they come out of the departments and
determine whether their iiarrowncss makes
them counterproductive with regard to af-
firmtitbc action. He also pointed out that
positions held by minority members are
most \rilnerriblc since many have been filled
fairly recently and thus are subject to the
policy of "last hired. first fired." He
believes that many minority members who
do become candidates for positions here
might be deterred because when they see
TcW'other minority members on the faculty
or staff. they may perceive indifference or
even hostility on the part of the college
t'tllltltlllltlly.

Many other colleges litive taken suC<
cessl'ul steps to increase minority hiring.
Martin believes. mid he said that efforts iii
Albany should riot end until they are stic-
cessful. He said that he is paricrilarly eon-
cerncd with traditionally underrepresented
groups such as blacks. l’iierto Ricans. and
riativcAmericans. and that he feels that
other groups like Asian Americans have
made sigiiif Illll enough headway that they
are now well represented.

DeSolc said that although there are no
sufficient excuses. "It is particularly impor-
tant for us to r‘cnieiiiber our social goals."

7»

  

 

 

Drug deal robbery on quad ends in 3 arrests

 

— Atty iii-n rattan " ' 7
7 SI ll/IW ll iii/rllvli’m

 

l‘hrec arr ' have been made tliiotrgli rt ioiiit investiga-
tion by university and Albany police after a wheelchair-
boniid victiiti was robbed at giriipoiiit in his dorm rooiii at
approxiriiittcly 2:50 pm. 'I'uesduy. according to university
police investigator Doug Kcarti.

Ilrian Reytiolds. 20. of State Quud's Irving Iliill. told
police that a black man in a stocking mask burst into his
iooiii mid stuck whiit “app-tired to be a gun" to his neck
while Reynolds was iii the process of a drug deal with
another black man. The robber tlteii stole it sports bilg
which Reynolds says contained tcri ounces of marijuana.
The investigation later revealed that the griri was a starter
pistol. Kearn said.

Reynolds said the two black tiieri “set ltiiii up" to be
robbed. biit he didn't realize they were working together
until police broke the case arid connected the two men.
When asked about the possible set-up. Kctirn said. “I

 

have no comment on that."

Reynolds was :tIICleti by universin police l'hursdtty
moi ning and charged with possession of marijuana in the
third degree. lie was arraigned the same day iii Albriny
('ouiity l’olicc (‘ourt by Judge Thomas W. Kcegiiri mid
released in his own recognizance. I'iittl date is set for
December |(r.

Arrested yesterday by Albany police was Joseph Smith.
25. of I23 Livingston Avenue. Albany. when he turned
himself into Albany police headquarters. Stiiitli liiis been
charged with robbery in the second degree. poss on of
marijuana in the third and fourth degrees, poss moon of
stolen property. unlawful deitling with fireworks. and
growing marijuana. He is being held in the Albany Couri-
ty .Iail. Trial date has been set for December 16.

James Mathias. 2‘). was arrested by Albatiy police last
night after a police stake-out at an address he was known
to frequent. rtecorditig to Kearii. Reynolds said Mathias is
the man who held the gait to his neck and robbed liitii. He
is being held iii the Albany City lock-up awaiting arraign-
ment tomorrow. Kettrti said. Warrtuits had been issued

 

for the arrests of both Stiritli rind Mathias. Keiirn added.

Reynolds said Smith. it former SUNYA student. was a
friciid of his and that he would “still trust Sriiitli to this
day. if police had not revealed the conspiracy between
Smith and Mathias. Reynolds said that the stolen mari-
juana and the starter pistol were found by police in
Smith‘s; apartment. but Kcrtrri refused to confirm this. As
for Mathias. Smith said he had "never tiiet him before.

except ttl gunpoint."

“Police hitd the whole thing iii tt nutshell iii twelve
hours." Reynolds said. Now. Reynolds plans to definitely
quit SUNYA next semester. possibly to transfer to
another college or "maybe take a roadtrip." '

Dean of Student Affairs Neil C. Brown responded to
the irieitleiit by saying. “Those who sell drugs on campus
will be prosecuted. This has been the university's policy
for the past 15 years. When the information came to the
attention of the campus police. it warrant was issued tor
the student‘s arrest. That is consistent with university
policy." ‘ | l

 

 

 

 

