 

rt.»
'i- .- ._s_. ._

_ vow-av...

 

- mg...

 

 

 

{it

€00 O-IOI'I'IO)

manor-

  
 
 
 
 

music

Bogart- (482-9797)

30. l.2——Swlmmlng Pool Casino
HuIIa-Baloo (436-1640)

1.2—- Emerald City; 3—- USB; 6— Exit.
Zevlion; 8.9—- Galas; ill—Silver Chicken.

Yeaterday'a (489-8066)

1. 2—Arlel

Pauly'a Hotel (463-9082)

Oct 3—Doc Scanlon; Thurs. Fri—Rob at the
Piano: Sat—Bubbles

Justin McNeil’a (436-7008)

Oct l—Comics

Larlr Tavern (463-9779)

1. 2—Too Late ior Long Hair Boys; 8.
9-Gina Dimagglo

The Shell (436-7707)

Oct 1. 2—Downllme

Eighth Step Coffee Houae (434-17015)
l—Mlke Agranoii; 2—Vlctorla Braik;
ti—Sprucewood Splinter Group; ‘l—(ilenn
Weiser and Linda Baker

Troy Mualc Hall (2711-0038)

Oct l—Asleep at the Wheel; Oct 1( -—Lionel
Hampton and His Orchestra. students
$10.50. $8.50
DJ. Clancy's (462-9623)

1, 2—-—C|assy Trash and LeRox: H.
‘)-Sharks: ill—Synergy: 15. 16—Sox
The Chateau (465-9086)
l—Eddle Angel Band; 2—Lumpen Proles
and Judy Junk: 8.9—Ellen Mcllwane
The Van Dyclt (374-240(1)
Oct 1. 2—Hod O'Brien
Gemini Jan Cale (462-0044)
Sun-Wed—Joie Bell; Thurs-Stit—l-‘ats .iei-
lcrson

Skinﬂlnta (436-8301)
288 Larlt (462-9148)

5—-'l'oo Late (or Long Hair Boys: 6 «Tapps;
7 -— Melrtibop.

 

 
 
 

 

SUNYA Page Hall
Oct 9-Holly Near. tickets $6 In advance.
$7 at the door. for tickets. call Susun:
455-6580. ‘

SUNYA PAC Recital Hall

Oct B—Classical Guitarist David Tanenbaum
at 8:00 pm. $2.50 w/tax cards. 5r. citizens
and students $3.50. $5.00 general. Oct 3.
2:30 pm—Albany Pocket Opera periorms
King Arthur. $3 general. $2 students and
senior citizens.

RPI Went Hall

Oct 9—David Johansen

Elbo Room (465-9001)

l. 2—Heclor

Ramada Inn Club Car Lounge
(370-7151)

1. 2‘——Street Magic

SUNYA CC Ballroom

Oct 9—NRBQ

movies

Third St. Theater (4116-4428)
1. 2. li—Dlva; 4—Elephant Man; 5. 6.
7—Walkabout
Madlaon (489-5431)
Rocky lll 7:15. 9:10
UA Hellman Colonie 1 Br 2 (459-2170)
Fast Times at thgemont High (R). 7:30 and
9:20; Diner (R). 7:30 and 9:40
Fox Colonie l 8: 2 (459-1020)
The Chosen: The Challenge
UA Hellman (459-5322)
Pink Floyd's The Wall
Unlveraity Cinema 1 8r 2
| 1. 2-Deatlttrap LC 7; ll 1. Z—Star Wars
LC 18
International Film Group (4337-8390)
i —To Sir With Love: 2—Duck Soup
Firealde Theater (4615-2970)
ti—Grease; l7—Saturday Night Fever. in
Ballroom
art

SUNYA Gallery

Edward Koren prints and drawings

N.Y. State Muaeum (474-5832)

J. Thomas Murphy Paintings. Manhattan
Observed (Photos). Agricultural NY
Neleon A. Rockefeller Empire State
Plaza Collection (463-4478)

Golden Day. Silver Night (paintings)

 

 

RENT AN
ALBUM !.

2 Day Rental Fee: $199
(Plus $5 Deposit)

------------

 

. 271 Ontario Street
Albany, New York

 

 

   

  

 
 

reader's understanding of lgntlus' need to
upgrade his society and. ultimately. to
escape it.

There are a iew pathetic moments in
Confederacy. but these are saved irom be-
ing maudlln by Tooie's brilliant. purposely
aliected narration and lgnatius' hilarious
tirades against the lack oi “theology and
geometry. taste and decency" In the
modern world. in case you haven't guess-
ed it. this is a funny. iunny book. its author
may be dead. but the novel is lull of life and
laughter and. ilnally. hope. lgnatlus may
disgust you. but his adventures will make
you laugh out loud-- possibly eVen cackle.
Go out and look ior A Con/ederacy o/
Dunces (it’s available in paperback now):

don'twalt (or the llckle whims of Fortuna to

split a copy your waylfl

[20

top twenty

1. Various Hudson Rock
2. ABC The Lexicon of Love
3. Duran Duran Rio
4. Men At Work Business as Usual
5. REM Chronic Town
6. Peter Gabriel Security
7. Elvis Costello Imperial Bedroom
8. The Who It's Hard
9. Stray Cats Builtlor Speed
10. Joe Jackson Night and Day
11. Bananarama "Shy Boy"
12. A Flock of Seagulls A Flock of Seagulls

13. Bruce Springsteen Nebraska

14. Revliios Teen Beat
15. Fear oi Strangers Fear of Strangers
16. Bow Wow Wow I Want Candy
17. The Jam "The Bliterest Pill"
18. Modern English Aficrthe Snow
19. Billy idol Billy idol

20. Psychedelic Furs Forever Now

 

 

     

     

- --'.-“.\\\\\\‘\

43‘“

 

 

   
 



 

 

   
   
  

 

 

AND

’00 OP

 

SPECIAL GUEST H

r:
m we Climva CENTER Bﬂiiiliigm /
SHTURDHv OCTOBER 970......5,
EN~HT q PM

| AND THE WHOLE W EAT ORR

 
 
 

,0
40

 

 

 

   
   

  
 

L . E

. . . . . . . . . . . . .-. “no-mu".....~.-..........r_.,...... , . g .____~_'__" _~__ . _

T T E

R S

 

 

ask Force support

To the Editor:

. in response to the lead article in the ScptcmberJ-t issue
of the ASP, 1 would like to comment on some of the ac-
tivities of the President's Task Force on Women's Safety
which demonstrate a strong commitment by the University
to the concerns of women.

Four years ago, in response to concerns about the safety
" of women on this campus which were expressed by
mcrnhcrr. of the campus community, President O’Lcary
established the President‘s Task Force on Womcns Safety.
The members of the Task Force include representatives
from student's organimtions and the University ad-
ministration as well as individual students and staff who
share the concerns of the Task Force. Since its inception.
the Task Force has worked toward ensuring that the
University at Albany provides an environment in which
women, indeed all members of the campus community, can
I study and work safely. A dedicated, cncrgctic group, the
Task Force has been extremely cffcctivc. Among their
many accomplishments are: improved lighting on both
campuses and Alumni Quad, installation of the Blue Light
Emergency Phone System. incrcuscd sensitization and
patrol by campus police. creation of the SUNYA Escort
Service. campus-wide self defense courses for women.
publication of the "Rape Supplement", promotion of safe-
ty precautions. and information on women's safety
rcsourccs through the distribution of posters. brochures
and cards. The posters and cards provide telephone
numbers for services such as SUNYA Escort Service,
University Police. the Rape Crisis Center. and the SUNYA
Counseling Center.

Not included in this impressive list of accomplishments is
perhaps the most important product of the labor of these
dcdicutcd‘ members of the community-a uniﬁed cf.
fort by various campus constituencies toward a common
goal. The drawing together of the many talents and energies
of various groups and focusing those resources toward im-
proving thc well being of all is certainly one of the most im-
portant achievements of any group, be it a Task Force or an
entire society.

The most recent example of this cooperative relationship
at work is the Womcn's Safety Awareness Days and
Women's Solidarity Day Program held September 29th
through October lst. A great deal of effort put forth by
members of the President's Task Force on Women's Snic-
ty. the Feminist Alliance and the Student Association. with
the support of many others, resulted in a program of great
value to the entire campus community.

While all of tile Tusk l’orcc's activitics will not be as well
publicized as the Women's Safety Days Program. the Task
Force will indeed continue to work toward thc goal of a
safe and secure cnviromncnt for all who share this campus
and welcomes the involvement of othcr groups and in-
dividuals in the effort.

—i'ttlrici.t T. McCord
Chair, President's Task Force on Women's Safely

Brown’s defense

To the Editor:

i am writing in response to an article in the Albany Stir-
dent Press issue of Scptcrnbcr 24. l982 dcaling with the
topic of rape, and providing rcadcrs with a rcportcr's vicw
of one student’s feeling about University support systems. i
find the headline oi lltc article particularly disturbing in
light of the many support systems for women which cxist
on our campus; thus. the ASP scents to convey to its
readers that the University is unconccrncd about rapc and
that tlterqarc few, if any, support systems in place. This is
not the case. and l urgently rcqucsl that you print this lcttcr
in your next cdition in order to provitlc your readers with
accurate information.

Initially, i want you to know i understand that the

-rcportcr had limited access to information, since several
persons interviewed are bound by a plcdgc of confidentiali-
ty and do not review or rcvcul dctuils of a casc as a matter
of principle and-or professional cthics. Thus, the rcportcr
in this specific instance found it necessary to base the report
essentially on the statcmcnts of One person. As an outcome,
the article lacks balance, and given my direct knowledge of
the case, it is both incomplctc and misleading.

For the record, the University cares deeply about
Safety—especially the safety of women. President
O'Lcary's Task Force on Women's Safety (established
three years ago) stands as strong testimony to that.

Both the Student Health Service and the University
Police Department are well traincd and thcrc arc establish-
ed protocols in place in both areas to provide timely and ef-
fective support and action for victims of rape and-or sexual
assault. One key issue, however. is immediate reporting by
the victim, in order that maximum use of resources beyond
the campus can be utilized. There are established and effec-
tive relationships among tltc University, the Albany County
Rape Crisis Center. area hospitals. the District Attorney,
and other support mechanisms.

in my view. rape is a violent crime.

Victims deserve im-
. .. msqlgtp. supportive, and curing pI- ' ' ' ,. ’ ‘

ill

I
order to provide the legal, medical. and psychological sup-
port which is so critical.

] bclicvc that our University has mechanisms in place to
provide this maximum support when violcnt crimes of this
nature are quickly brought to the attention of these best
suited to assist.

The last point i wish to make deals with a quote at-
tributed to me in the article of September 24. The quote is
grossly incomplete and inaccurate: it represents a distortion
of tile lengthy explanation and background which i provid-
ed for the reporter. The points that need to be clearly stated
are thcsc: rapc, a serious crime. is a felony. The
University’s student-disciplinary system is neither dcsigncd
nor cquippcd to deal with fclonics such as rape or murder.
Allegations involving such serious charges must be dealt
with through the duly-cstablishcd procedures and protec-
tions of the criminal justice system. The on-cnmpus
judicial-disciplinary system is useful and effective in resolv-
ing alleged violations of the rttlcs and regulations duly
established by our University Council. This on—cnmpus
system operates under the procedures cstabllshcd. The
parameters of that system do not include serious fclonics
such as thosc mcntioncd nbovc. This statement in no way
negates the important responsibilities of University units

such as lltc Univcrsily Police Department and tile Student I

“with Scrvicc itt assisting students and others to havc full
acccss to their rights and protections as citizens undcr thcI
broader system of justice which lies beyond the campus.
-—Nc|l C. lirown
Dean for Student Affairs

In researching the article mentioned above “Raped woman
finds little Universin support” (ASP. September 24), the
reporter — news editor Teri Kaplo witz — spoke to Assis-
tant Director of Police John Hannighun. Middle Earth '5
Counseling Coordinator Margot Mlglins and Coodinator
Dave Jenkins, Affirmative Action Director Gloria DeSo/e,
Student Health Director Janet Hood, and Neil Brown
himself. Kap/o witz retraced Shapiro 's sleps in order to find
out exactly what happened. Because of professional can-
fidentiality. none of the people she interviewed could
directly address Shapiro's case, but each gave insight Io
problems rape victims face. The reporter based her story on
interviews with many people, not just one. Ed.

Middle Earth's reply
To the Editor: '

Womans' Safety Awareness Days occurcd this past wcck
demonstrating the importance of conciousncss raising
within thc university for women's safety. There is a need
for these kind of programs at SUNYA. Sexual harrussmcnt
and rape do cxisl on campus as indicated in your Sept. 24
issuc of the ASP. ‘i‘cri Kaplowitz wrotc about it rapc victim
and the lack of concern and support withinthc university in
dealing with ltcr case.

Rct'crcnccs wcrc rnudc to Middle Earth. a student run
counseling center on campus. but we were not depicted as a
scrvicc empathetic to victimized women. Middle Earth is an
organization conccrncd with rape victims and their needs.
Phonc counselors rcccivc extensive training throught otlc
sctucslcr in crisis intervention for criscs such as rapc, drug
ovcrdosc and suicide. Whether it is five ntinutcs or five
months after a rapc. a victim can find support and
undcrslrandiag within Middle Earth on any issue whether
to prosccutc a rapist.

it is difficult for us to defend our name and reputation
since we hold client confidentiality as atop priority. Break-
ing a confidence would be undermining the philosophy

 

.4.

Established in 1916

Editorial
lea Editor:
ASPICII Edllo .
Auoclata AS
Sound Editor
Vlaton Editor
Sport- Editorl .

. . . . . . . . . .. Mark Hummond,Tori Kaplowltz
. . . . . . . . . . .. Dobbin Mltlmln
Mugan G. Taylor
 Robertsmneldsr
. . . . . .. Damian VnnDanaurgh
Mtchael German, erc Haapal
. . . . . . . . . . . . . Mark Garner
Editorial Pap" Editor . . . . . . , ..' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Lisa Strain
Editorial Ant-taut: Steve Casual. stall writara: Mtko Benson. Ray Caliuiura,
Eonnia Campbell. Ken Cantor. Hubert-Kenneth Dickey. Bill Fischer. Stephan
inteld. Debbie Judge. Donna Machllnn. David Michaelaon, Phil Plvnlck, Lin-
ca Quinn. Liz rtclch. Marc Schwinn. Spectrum and Erantl Editor. Ronl
Glnnbaru.

Business
Bonnie Slovene. Burl/tau Mart-gar
Hudy arodar, Aaraclato Bur/nus Manager
Janet Drelluu, Advarlialng Manny"
John Trot-no, Salas Manna"

   
 
  

 

 

>
u
a
E
a
E
tn
1:
0

Billing Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Karen Sardoti. Judy Toral
Payroll Supervisor. . . . . . . . . . Ariana Knilowilz
Olllce Coordinator . . . . . . . . . .. Jennitar Block
Composition Man-oer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Malina Waanormun
Adrertlnlno Sal": Scott Commor, Pater Forward, Nail eusaman, Advent-Inn
Production Man-gun: Mindy Horowitz, Buun Purlrnln. Advertising Produc-
lion: nonl thlbarg, Michelle Horowitz, Elaine Rita-ell, Oiilca stall: Mickey
Frank. Elloon Newman

   
 

 

Dun Bell. Editor In Chlul
' Wayne Poor-boom. Managing Editor

behind Middle Earth. Whether we can defend ourselves is

irrelevant. What is important is that we will continue

assistance to students with immediate or long rqnge pro-

blems. As a phone counselor. i stand behind Middle Earth
and our reputation as a human service program.

-——Clndy Katz

Middle Earth Volunteer

ﬁre safety

To the Editor:
As a concerned RA and student living on campus under
tltc new fire safety policy. 1 ﬁnd it necessary to reply to the
letter that appeared in the Sept. 14 edition of the ASP , by
Madelyn El Kclstcin. Although Miss Kclstcin's letter
brought up an important topic — the new ﬁre safety policy
— I believe that her position that the policy is dangerous is
unjustified.
For those of the student body unfamiliar with the new
fire policy. the procedure is as follows: When an alarm is
sounded. each individual is responsible for awakening and
locating his or her suitcmutcs. They are to then vacate the
premises and to assemble in a previously designated area.
The RA's of each section. although they do not open each
and every suite and room door, cover their entire section by
knocking no lcss than five times on each door while
shouting that tltcrc is a Fire. The RA‘s then proceed to the
areas witcrc llicir sections have assembled and ask each
suitc if there is a person missing who may possibly still be in
the building. In the event of an actual fire. the RA would
alert the ﬁremen that a person is missing from. for exam-
ple. suite 206. and may possibly be in the room. and the
firemen will check these rooms first.
‘ in Miss Kclstciu's lcttcr she stated that she was shocked

to discover that RA's will not be going into every room to

check for people who "may not have heard the fire alarm

or who may not have thought it necessary to leave." For

those who did not hear the alarm. this is where suitcmatcs,

who are most likely to care about each Other's well being,

will look out for one another and take responsibility for

themselves. in the future. when we all leave SUNYA and

begin living our individual lives, there will not be another
person constantly watching over us ready to grab and
literally push us out of a burning building. As for those
who feel that it is unnecessary to leave. 1 direct you to the
fact that if you hear a fire alarm. you LEAVEl Miss Keis-
tcin states that "if they (the students) are caught in their
rooms by an RA, they could be in big trouble." The whole
purpose of the safety system and its drills is to protect you,
the student. it is not dcsigncd to give Judicial Board
members sontcthing to do with their spare time.

With almost all students at SUNYA age l7 on up, i
bclicvc we are past the stage where safety systems are view-
cd with the attitude that "if i don't leave my room those
RA's and RD's are going to yell at me and Hi be in big
trouble." Miss Kclstcin statcs. “Once people understand
that no one will come looking for them. they will remain in
their suites." i give the student body more credit than that.
Personally. I would not risk my life and the lives of my
suitcmutcs bccausc i heard an alarm, knew I would not get
“caught”, and tltcrcforc stayed in a potentially burning
building.

The focus of the new fire policy is on the responsibility
We all ltavc to look after our own lives and the lives of thc
pcople wc care about. This policy attempts to. and i believe
is successful in. its ultimatc goal: The maximum possible
safety of every student in the event of a fire.

—Judith Torel

@spectcs .

Production

.taclt Bur-china. Production Manager

   

Chi-l Type-utter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . cathlsnyan
VerticalCamara . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .  Bill aonllla
Panto-up: Loalis Frntkln. David Michaalnon. y cha , Typlatl: Joyce
Balk. Melanie Fischer. Pat Flnocchlaro, Joanna Gliderslaavn. Elizabeth
Heyman, Ginny Huber, Bruce Park, Sarah Pool. Laura Sacco

  
     

Photography

Supplied principally by Unlverrlty Photo Service, a student group

cut-r Photographer: Dave Aanar, UPS Stall: Alan Calsm, Amy Cohen, alter
Cotton, David Hauun, Lola Mattabonl, Alan Mantle, Sun-n Elaine Mindlcm
suna stolnkamp, Wlit Vurman

Entire contents copyright (it) "I: Albany Student Pllll carporatlon.

The Albany student Pro" in published Tueldayl and Ftldaya betwoe
August and June by the Albany student Frau Corporation, an lndependan
not-tor-proiit corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor In Chief with member: oi the Editori-
Board; policy In contact to review by the Editorial Board. Advartlllno polloyi
does not necessarily reﬂect editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Fina, CC 329
1400 Washington Ava.
Albany. NV 12222
(518) 45768921332213!“

 

 

