   

  
 

 

' I
1

'a:,’ 

.4 .-

a- 77-.

     

 

' page 2q/Apn12, 1982

Seems a friend down In zi l
. [3 am 12203 has been reading the local papers pretty often
xgvthoulght he df give yours truly a little bun about one Barney Fowler. the chatty. conser-
som:V‘Ititlu'ierrinist ,or the Times-Union. 5a Fowler's column is worth looking Into —- a cross
buneﬁn dbetwel en Rona Barrett and e Farmer’s Almanac. Fowler acts as community
inges noboar‘m;&w’n:ger.tand local 0 InIon-maker. many In the Capital District and Its fr-
“an Power's voice B hzmca'make of e new hunting regulations, fishing laws. or electricity
“ oops" Dept: Your old spectator hates to break Into that sort of ethnocen-
whsnalygu re tryin to Imitate Fowler's prose style. It often can't be helped.
and folklore egnd cons‘trggtestte Ike readin the co umn. steer past the local bits of gossip
anything at a“. n a e on w at Power has to say about SUNYA. when he says

Bade particular attention to an Item late last week In

. which Fowler decided he saw
sosmetgilng Indtllte ASP that he wanted to pass on. He steered past March 23's 20 pages and
In ea foun daascinatlng a 2 Inch piece on the third page. Fowler related with glee the ac-
cgzn: 3‘ van tsrr‘ti at the Patroon Room. and barely concealed his )oy telling his faithful
a u "e amage piano and especially the pissed on uniforms. “Factory of our future
leaders was his snide summing up of the affair.

Hrs next mention of SUNYA came just this past Tuesday. this time a response to the
prevtous Item. The reader shared Fowler's disgust with college students and complained
about the drain they are on the tax dollar (while. to be fair. suggesting an almost sensible
solgitio? for curbing vandalism In the dorms).

ow er seems t9 want. to cherish. the “generation gap." and expects the same from his
readers. What else could be his motive for propagating the "I liked It better when it was a
golf course crap? I don t recall a mention of some of the positive research being done on
campus. artIsttc contributions of the student body. nor mention oLthe Community Service

am.

Which brings us. obviously. to the subiect of Telethon. and what Fowlert I
long-haired kids workin all throats) the school year (probably cutting classeshars‘lifi $375;
tax-payers money) so i at $45. or so might be raised for a few hurting causes In the
area. The question is loaded. of course. but i su ct Fowler is as well If he can keep looking
across the valley towards the towers and scowl. wonder If he'll mention the fundraiser this
week (a week when you almost can't help hearing something about an event that goes on
qwetly all year). Id be delighted to be proved wrong. and see a column reﬂecting that
BamEitrigngwo‘IavJerBlgli'insecslleceibjedyt31 burriy theuhatchet with “tomorrow's future leaders."

. . n o e s ow. you can't make it down
channels 10 and 13 on Saturday afternoon. and tell us what yodzhrlrkoHroom‘ catCh on

wtmtwiwmt

[N'I‘ROGPBCI‘IVB

 

i

  

_ centerfold

 

Admission Discount With Teletho ’
n 82 - '
ALL NIGHT BUS SERVICE: lam - rlmsm"

from back of Campus Center

PROCEEDS: PROTECT EQUINO
AND CHARLEE PROGRAM x

******FEATURING******

-24 Hours of Entertainment-Continua
us Pies i th
Auction of Valuable Merchandise n e Face

*CI-IILDRENS I-IOUR - 10am - 1
pm 0 S
* FOOD, BEER, WINE, T-SHIRTs AY
* DOOR PRIZE WINNERS

l

inside

Tno vary differs-t Pmpcctvu:
his and hora. The nusic is honky.
tank. but the sound is the bin",
Also. nors ﬂights of Ianqr Iron H.K
D.

“A Csisbration a! Youth" Is this
year's Talcthon the-s. Aspect.
visits with CHARLEE and the
Equinox Youth Shelter. and
’oslsbratas the adults who matte
those places happen.

No ons deserves a teacher quite
lihs Miss Margarlda. She gets
evaluated on the Vision page. The
Oscars are over. and our reviewers
sat crow. Also. thsrs's a look at the
University collection. now at the
Gallery.

Sebastian starts his ell-b up the
ladder of success, hen the top rung.
And an lntarvisw with master
hlucsparson Rory Bloch, cornered
at the Albany Public Library.

Shel-an doco it again. with a
bitter-suits brain teaser. There's
also ths crossword puzzle. Spec-
tral. and lbs Pads. on the Diver-
sions page.

Cover photo of'Bill and Patty lsaacson's CHARLEE house by Marc Henschel

 

MW
i

ANNOUNCED SATURDAY NIG
*‘I‘V I-IOUR 8pm - 9pm "T
COVERED BY CHANNELS 10 & 13

f:
,3.
i

w» “mu.”

.2;
.3.
s
.3.
l,
g
g.
s
g.
S
a;
l

    

  
 
 

Night

Debbie Mlllman

YOU'RE UGLY. She looked a herself In
the mirror. repeating the Insult. Really
ugly. She brushed her hair out of her face
and stared longingly Into the reflection. If
only..." only. what? She thought. If only
she was beautiful. then she'd go out and
screw tenemilllon guys and have them
bowing to her feet. What a sadistic
thought. She laughed. No...she didn't,
want them bowlng...but she wouldn't mind
a few sincere ones...OKI One. One
wouldn’t be too bad. She was sick of all
the passionate Invitations to bed. the
embarraslng mornings after. the god-damn~
guys that never-call-again.

She actually thought Marty was different.,
They met at an exhibit at the plaza...hls
eyes caught hers immediately. and she just
knew. she could smell It right away. And
afterwards they went to the Jazz cafe and
jived to a fat black man hammering on a
grand piano. The wine was right. the dope
after was right and they were so damn
lIIghl Later they walked through
Washington Park and the leaves were like
little meteors of light under the street
lamps. The aIr was still and cool and the
sky was a silver—blue velvet. The mood got
so heavy then and she tried to talk
meaningfully...Yes. Yeats Is wonderful. l
particularly like “The Tower." don’t you.
blah. blah. blah. But It felt OK. and they
walked and walked and walked.

He did ask her over — his house
happened to be in the night
direction. . .(happened to be?) and he
asked her if she wanted tea. . .Yes. sure.
and later In the kitchen he proceeded to
chop up little tea leaves and actually made
his own tea-bags. . .Who the hell ever did
that? It was unreal! Then. on the porch.
they sat with their tea cups cradled In their
palms and the moonlight gently peeked
through shadows on the trees. Later he
asked her to stay and watch the sunrise
and well. . .what could she say? She felt
like Joyce's Molly. . . — Yes I will Yes.
Yes. but she asked If they could just go to
sleep. no sex. just sleep. And when the
sun did come up. they did make love and
It wasn't embarrassing or awkward. And in

' the afternoon she'flnally left and he said.
“I'll call."

After the second day she got sad and felt
sick Inside and she still knew he'd call. she
knewl She wanted to go over to his house
to make sure he was alright and shake
him. and wake him tip to her. But she
didn't.

A couple of weeks later she thought she
saw him in the campus center but he was
walking real fast and his eyes looked
distant. empty. cold.

And now here she wns. alone in her
bathroom. insulting herself in front of her
only companion...an ugly. insecure
reflection that couldn't even talk llrlCli
Once again she felt (lCIIClVL‘Il. /\ singlr' Iran
slid down ht'r Ik‘llUklli and spillul into Ilu'
wink, (\llil than nIIntlIr-r An .mntlu'ri ‘

 

 

reﬂections on a puddle

()Iu: must how .I unison for II'llt'I llUII
ill cyu to .ulmur- mutations
{\Ilil uhl‘l w many days i‘.t|l lIIlIll .I day

In whlcli Ulil' I.III lli’
.lrm- to Ih.II \lnll ulu‘
With Ight of .I l‘I'Inn’IIlI.

. ..‘I:; .4. IIle -
. L‘,‘¢It'.lx\lblr;i .
_ l.

«.‘I'. I.I.- In».

 
 

c

rm

\LVodeiepod
TwiSt—
0.
Flex

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

 

They were given all the foods of vanity

And all the Instant promises of Immortality

But they bit the dust screamln' Insanity
—Joe Strummer
Mick Jones

Pass all time stands a door marked
“Only the brave dare enter." No one who
has entered has ever been seen again. A
large question comes to mind. What. pray
tell. is on the other side of that door?

Oh. l'm sure it's nothing. Then again.
what Is It that l think l'm going to find?
Would I really want to return?

Task Force One receives a call at 0600.
l'm the local agent assigned the not so nice
task of Investigating this mystery. l'm also
suppossed to do this In two days.

Not much time to find answers but. it is
answers I must find. Where does one look
for such a door? You're not likely to find
one standing on your local corner. It
appears likely that my leads aren't getting
me anywhere. Why not ask someone if
they know where this door is located.

"Excuse me. excuse m-Ae" (My volce
gives out for some unknown reason).

“You got a problem with your voice.
mack." A mocking sound of a voice
replies.

"The name Is not Mack. and you're
going to have a problem. . .50 wlse up."
Quickly I feel an urge to destroy this
“problem” if need be.

“Look. buddy. just who the hull do you
think you are?" The little hairs on his neck

 

are standing tnll.
"l’ut 4i llll til) it. punk." l ltIlL‘ lt'nln; lI‘IIIii
I my vows hoping hn- wrll respond.
l "l'm Hill .I p " liI'livII- hu t‘.III lmislt l |Iut
l .I milm laun- tlt’til III the "fzunily vauls "
l ‘l 'Htli Inml‘. IlnII'I I.Ill. lw‘lt In IIIU .Igum
l l‘lnw '.‘.ll|'l|‘ I- tlu» tlillil llltil :IittntlS Dir-is
l‘- mln' "' llu- numu ltlll‘r off my hotly tr. If l
l was I‘m huh; I
l‘ 'l \lr-II‘i know tilh‘Illl nu tllItII mm It il
l Illll. | uwrtlllln'l lull IlIv lil(4’\|1f\,iril "
1 I'HIIII'IIIIII litiilit .It my (turn his fora.
‘-um I lII-~ \UIII'Il‘w HItlr w [Inn 'lhx‘ .11 'km

‘ .. l. ll. .l

.l.l.lst

 

‘ .‘ ‘_ .‘L . :t. .r H .
‘ “A H “ii‘l‘ I . n I~,\r._.I . .“.‘« I .51. ,lyw.
sum-.tiill‘l-M 9t Kr I II} "ll-:4 5“?  fvdé‘lil‘tt'llrfv‘tkc“

\
photo perspective by Suna Stelnkamp.

total Id. I reach for my pistol. I pull the
trigger once. twice. three. four.

five. . .twelve times. I laugh aloud. It
takes away from the seriousness of the
moment.

Death Is a door that "only the brave dare
enter." lt (death) walks by our side.
bending when we bend; listening to us as
we ‘speak our minds. Certainly death Is
something that extends beyond time. What
we do In our fruitless attempts to rob

 

death. Is mere child's play.

But what of those who produce death?
How are they touched by the death that
they bring? Perhaps a closer look will bring
those concerns to the forth.

“Agent X. we've asked you here so that
you might help us clear up some grey
areas about your last mission." A cold
monotone provides “the silk glove for an
Iron fist." Dark firevfilled dots sit in the
center of creamy white clouds that pass for
eyes.

“Sir. I seem to have lost you. I've stated
very clearly. step by step. the procedure I
was following during the course of my
Investigation." Sweaty palms and a shirt
stuck to my back remind me of things I
would rather forget.

"Agent X. to be blunt about It. your
behavior during the last mission has
brought about some unfavorable press. The
Home Secretary has asked that we get to
the bottom of this very unpleasant
situation. Exactly where Is the door and
what if anything is behind It?" One could
see written upon his face that his toes had
been stepped on.

“There is no door; at least nothing we
know as a door. It's a figure of speech.
There is nothing In front of it or behind it
for that matter. Somebody has been
feeding HQ some phony Information.
Nobody has ever seen this door. It (the
door) just doesn't exist." My eyes shoot
back and forth between the floor and the
ceiling.

"Agent X. what you've been saying just
doesn't fit. Something Is amiss here. In
your report you state that you located the
door. Would you mlnd---."

“Like I was trying to tell you before.
There Is no door! At least not a physical
one. What I found was the door to
insanity. That threshold point beyond
which you usually don't return from. We
live in time and space. but our minds are
not bound by either time or space. Hence
lliI.’ puss limo comment translates into
wlwrv thun- I-; no timu Since no lllrlll can
lI\'t' III rm um of no time. this must be (I
Ivft'IvIn‘t' In lllI' miIIIl " l'III It'lII-vud ll)
haw Ivnuwml Ilmt bnrrlun My oycs tr’ll
mu lllrll IIIU <I|lit'l|iri~1\k’l‘vlt thuy h.ulII'I

 

board .I wool of wlmt l hurl mlltl. .
”/\|lt'|\l X. tilr' you liVIIIIi ll) lI’ll mr' that l
llii’ Ilmn In insanity“ /\ lillll‘. ul totnl l
ulI:.lwlII'f limgz. llr-i'll upon lun (our l
"Sn. 1 bu'lIn-w- \f-IIIIII Ili'llllitl‘ilh’ ltll'li " l ‘

flash II ~3IIIIlI' lUi .r mummn
"  .I... R._ IUH‘I. you! uml " Ann.” l
I . . I... I ;

 

t,

 

. . . .
up, 5:  r. {it In; wvs‘tiyschggigml"llbquyg."

’ "In.

«an ,..s.<t--~-..

3 liar-H2. 198gxpggg' -

 

 

Mis—

behavin’

 

I-‘rsd Rubbers

I barely recognized that face In my
mirror. That stranger had hidden from me.
for so long. Then. In my withdrawal Into
myself. he had descended upon me. He
lied to me and misled me. He convinced
me that I had to have her and twisted and
distorted my motives. That's why I told
Diana I would call her; I felt guilty. That
whole evening I had been plotting and
scheming. although I would never have
admitted It. I wanted so much to believe
that her Intentions were the same as mine.
I guess I convinced myself.

Yet there she was. casually glancing ovar
to me and smiling. warm and friendly. She
wore deep blue pants that somehow In
their looSeness emphasized her curves. and
boots that emphasized her walk. At the
time. I thought It was possible that she
might have wanted to be noticed. Her
wavy blond hair was free and her eyes
were bright and clear. Her beauty was not
made up. it was naturat. I was afraid. I did
not want to'notice her. but that stranger

Inside would not let me Ignore her.

He asked her If she would join him for a
drink and when she said yes. I was
stunned while he')ust snickered. The wine
at the cafe made him stronger and she did
not seem to mind. Bubbles. the piano
man. was playing "Ain't Mtsbehavin'" when
I finally gave In.

In my weeks of living like a hermit after
Carol had gone. I had neglected not only
myself. but also the apartment. All I had to
offer her was the tea Carol had left behind.
I gave Diana no explanation in fear that
she might leave. Being alone. I decided.
was not much fun. Especially at night.

We talked and talked and l was
delighted just for the conversation. but the
stranger again took over. I became tired
and Diana was still there. The stranger
Insisted that she wanted to stay the night
and he asked her to. l breathed a sigh of
relief when she said just to sleep. but then I
wondered how the hell I was going to
make It through the night.

i lay awake all night. struggling with that
hideous stranger. In the morning he finally
won and Diana gave herself to him. Then
we fell Into a peaceful sleep. I awoke
before her and looked at her lying there
beside me. Her hair was glistening in the
sunlight coming through the window. I
brushed It aside to see her face: she was
still sleeping.

Her eyes. which had first caught my
.utuntion. were closed. I could not
remember their color. Who was she"? I

 

' remembered'meoting her. and the

conversation we enjoyed. It had been a
wonderful time. but than it turned ugly. lt
night have been possible for me to love
it'i. but there she was slut-ping busitlr' me
Ind I didn't own know who she was. And
felt guilty

Now I look of that fave In llil.‘ mirror and
me tlmt llt' Is not .I stronger 'l'hv \i‘thIU .
Ives. Iln' \llllll‘lt . llrt‘ 3.1‘lt'tttlilii.‘ lines .ut' .Ill
nuw l'li' has Iht- *htilit' small sun on lllL‘
‘Irulgt' of lus litmt‘ from It t‘hIlIlhuod
vit't‘lilt-ul l mu II<I lungur ill‘llll him llu
anvw wlmt l unnlml .tll IIlIIng Now lu-
.\'.I.It» to I .xll llmlm. lrttt \vln'u’ thins lw
Ittut' Wht II‘ (In l xI.ut ’ With rill .rpulurnf}
No. Ilmt would roll attention III who! l flitl.

want In .‘I' lu‘r Maul-«- shy wont: to sow
III' llmt um I trust mywll .Inrl hmv um I
.I-.I 2w .’ ll.:=:II'. »' “’1.lr=. Il'tmIrWl ifl

 

at WNMR§W¥ messy

 

  

 

 

