I
i


a.» _ . 

...... ._.....W........,._,

F- 3-.-. . be. -

u .. 9., -.~.r.... a. a...”

      

 

Mng.” ..,. -c

 

page tin/September Iii illh‘l

 

Pete Gets Personal.

 

around after a few listenings. All Tire Best Cowboys
Haue Chinese Eyes is not the rttost appealing album iii the titt-
nediate setrse. After the first play. orte wonders if this is a rock
.tlbum or a recital of poetry with sotne musical background
But after several plays. artd willingness to accept inevitable
:hanges. the record grows ntore complete iit its originality arid
beauty. The album holds considerable quality. but a different
type than that of Towrtshend's previous solo projepts.

ne of the most interesting aspects of Pete Townshend‘s
Onew album. is its ability to turn a person's opinion

 

Ira Band
T'Tﬁs'is‘éiett‘rly admin? GM? amrl—iffe'r-e'rtt-ittgetltddof state's.

ship of equal measure. But on Chinese Eyes. ltis'lyrics and
poetry play a more prominent role. with .lte melody used

synchronous. but more background oriented. During several
of the songs. Townshend recites a few verses. as if reading
from his own book of poetry. resembling art Art American

nalnlng Doors a few years back. Despite. this difference. the
poems and lyrics are very good. and take on deeper meaning
ind appreciation the more they're listened to. Towrtshend's
ringing ls. once again. excellent: arid there is a strong em-
)hasis an intensity of emotion lit the songs containing personal
reﬂection.

Townshend made a point of relaying a few messages
through this album. In doing so he made this the most per-
sonally revealing material he has ever put out. Much of this
has to do with the personal ordeal he ltas gone through in the
past two years. Admitting to being an alcoholic. (with added
abuse In other areas). problems mounted and forced ltim to
cease recording material for the present album The song
Somebody Saved Me. contains implications of the period. us-
ing lines such as: “All I know is that I've been making/and
there's been times I didn't deserve to/Everyshow there's been
more faking Ii/But right at the point of no return". Although
the song has more to do with Its title. describing how he finally
'eaches out for external help. It reflects not only a period of

The man and his music

sion. Towrtshend lras usually used a musical/lyrical relation-

more as a vehicle of expressing ltls message The melodies are _ '

Prayer the tribute album to Jim Morrison done by the three re- ’

 

.llspair. but also his willingness to‘ rejuvenate himself back to
'tealth and his family. of whom he ltas lived apart from for a
:onslderable while. '

If the album is listened to With fixed expectations supplied by
nls past works. an unnecessary disappointment will be ex-
perienced. Any artist. including this one. cannot be expected I
to sustain a related concept in their creativity every time they
go into the studio. Any innovative artist does not watti to con-
ttnually put out the same music. concepts and feelings. iii-
novation occurs when the artist strives for new concepts that
have yet to be explored. in Pete's own words. "the music ntust
change." And considering all Tort-itshend has been through.
(espECially the difficulties during the past couple of years). he is
more than entitled to put out an album containing an abun-
dance of Intimate expression.

An artist can’t be expected
to sustain a related concept
in their creativity everytime
they go into the studio

 

Along with the alburrt. Townshertd recently has granted

 

many intervtews. and has a book of short fiction to be com-
pleted in the itear future. But for Pete. there isn't a better tool
(so far. anyway) of expression than a solo album Alone. he is
free from any compromise that he would have made with the
rest of the Who, Working with the band provides npoteitt anv
ticipaiion among the public which forces Townsltend iitto an
old disposition he has considerably outgrown

All The Best Cowboys Ilaue Chinese lIyes has come more
out of a personal desire or need as compared to his previous

which, shines throughout the songs as one becomes more
familiar wrtlt them This is most displayed in the song The Sea
Refuses No River wlticlr. on first Impression. seems quite or-
dinary and even slightly boring. bearing meaning only to
'Tonwshend himself. But alter several Itstenings. It is one of the
more beautiful songs he's ever written. Some of the songs do
have immediate appeal (Slit Skirts and Stardom in Action)
while others are social commentaries (Stop Hurting People
and Uni/arms). But for the most part. the album requires a
degree of patience and if given the careful listening the album
deserves. It will communicate the most intimate and

‘ “ m portrayal of music and life that Townshend its;

 

 

'r .
v ever expressed. . j i

records. This gives his writing a fresher. more hottest flavor. '

An intimate .lOok at Townshend:

 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
    
    
 

wlstle and Peter Townsh'end haVe gone solo and releas-

ed their seperate projects. While bass player John Ent<
wistle's EP was weak. Townshend. the leader of the Who. has
given us another strong album. The follow-up to the highly
successful Empty Class. All The Best Cowboys Have Chinese
Eyes. has also been doing well. If you're wondering where the
title catne from. it's a line from a short story on the inner album
jacket. This story gives the album its major theme: how success
is ttot always so great.

Mike Gordon

This particular theme popped up because success had not
been easy for Townshend. Devoted to the Meher Baba In the
pre-Tommy days. Townshend gave up drugs in his religious
zeal. But the bottle still remained and In the last few years he
had becottte an alcoholic. Townshend was in such bad shape
that many thought that he would surely end up like his former
associate. Keith Moon. Soon drugs re-entered his life and he
left his wife. Karen. and their two daughters. Luckily. before
he could do ltimself any permanent damage he realized what
he was doing to himself and managed to sober up. get off co
calne. and finally returned home. Chinese Eyes reflects these
‘hard. Intenser personal times Iit Townsheird's life. In the song
Somebody Saved Me. he says that he “lived ltippy jokes. get-
ting stoned insane" until he "finally woke up clean." in his own
words. he's glad to be back.

Some of the songs on Chinese Eyes represent a new style
for Townshend. The cover shows a somewhat new-wave slyl-
ed Townshend but the music Is not quite new-wave. He still
considers himself the "aging grandaddy of punk rock". but not
here. In a few songs he does not sing. but instead talks the.
lyrics. Two examples are Stop Hurting People and Conr-
munication. The first works very well. but the latter does not.
Communication is his way of trying to get people to talk to
each other. but Its lyrics are meaningless when Ire says
“Selbsdtarstellung/Gay Talese/Rorrald Rocking/Euthanasia".
what Townshend is trying to communicate is muddled and
obscure.

Most of the album contains some very catchy tunes. which
are enhanced by several listenings. Face Dances. Part Two is

I n the time period between Who albums both John Ent-

  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
    
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

.rq-l1-1l'Y.l.l-£"l"-I.‘.I.."I'lt‘WdffrVr1Vv~rlt5 .,,.,',_‘..,‘,H;'HHI HIV“

A . rm.

/

 

 

the single off the album. and probably the only song featured
regularly on the radio. Face Dances is this album's match for
Let My Love Open The Door from Empty Glass. Another
song that might be familiar Is Stardom In Action. it tells how
Pete wants to be rich and famous < to be a star. Then he could
go and live In Southern California. like other stars. on the
other hand. he sings in Exquisiiely Bored that when be Is ir
California he is just that.

The most appealing song on the album lras to be Slit Skirts.
Townshend starts out telling us about himselfuhow difficult It i:
for him to accept growing old. Once he past age 34 he or
longer had as much fun because “Jeannie never wears no
knee pants/We have to be so drunk to try a new dance/So
afraid of every new romance." Slit Skirts also contains the best
~ guitar leads by Townshend. but unfortunately as he goes intc
an excellent solo the song ends. You'll get the feeling that tlrr
song should have continued for another ten minutes. Nortl‘
Country Girl is another song that has good acoustic guitar
playing by Townshend. The basic riffs are very reminiscent it.
early Who. This Is a love song about a girl not seen In years
living in Scotland.

People expecting the album
to be like Empty Glass, forget
it. Chinese Eyes is as differ—

 

ent as its name is strange.

 

The Townshend family motto was thought up by Pete's
daughter. It is “The Sea Refuses No River" and it became rlll
excellent sortg. both in lyrics and in music. with a lead ltrtl
monlca providing a fitting mood. The lyrics are a new tuttt'v
.tion of Towrtsltend--"'l'he sea rerses no river/And rrrt'r trik-
the gutters/No time for stutters" throwing away the bow ~ it
My Generation. This soitg also reflects how bad Pete ievis Itr- 
life ltas been. The opening litres. "I remember betrtg lIt'lIr't
than a king/the minutes of the day were golden/l recall that
I when the joint passed around/My body felt a little colder "
Later lte says. “I must admit i enjoyed their pain/But now it's
me that's broken." He expands the theory of a person's place
itt life In Uni/arms. aitd how money is the all important posses»
siort (next to drugs).

For those people expecting the album to be just like ifrnpty.
Glass. forget it. Chinese Eyes is as different as its name is
strange. The album is fuller with a higher quality to it. yet it
does not have the same radio appeal as Empty Glass had.

Townshend wrote and sings some very fine songs. but there
Is no consistent song in tempo. neither hard or soft. The music
is just plain good. and quite enjoyable. Unfortunately. after the
next Who album. it‘s Hard. is released the Who will break up
permanently. and solo Townshend is all we'll get. But with tIhe

Ferry To Avalon

oxy Music is one of those rare
R groups that Is more renowned (In

America at any rate) for its album
covers than it is for the music béneath that
cover. The majority of these covers pic-
tured women In anything frorn lace lingerie
pinned against pine trees by harsh light. to
a woman in a red dress reclining on a fallen
tree. What looks obscene on the surface is
actually a calculated. blatant attempt at
obscenity which results in delineating if rtot
obliterating the sexual content of the photo
by being so blatant. Remotely heady stuff
foﬂgsfttir’alburn cover

Damian VanDenburgh

 

 

But 5 . what yonder light breaksoh-Ws
new album cover? No women. no faces.
no attempts at left handed sexuality.
Welcome to Avalon. the new Roxy Music
album.

In Arthurian legend. Avalon Is the ter-
restrial heaven: an island of beauty. an
Eden. Bryart Ferry‘s voice is as close as
one can get to this transcendent place.
From the opening cut. More Than This to
the last vocal piece. True To LI/e Ferry's
voice soars tutd swoops. He doesn't just
sing - his inflection and range "suggest"
arid "imply". livery song becomes a
showcase for his voice and his barrd.

Roxy Music ltas always changed person-
nel. finding Competent unknowns to back
up the mainstays of the band: Bryan Ferry
on keyboards. l’hll Manzairera on guitar
and Andy Mackay on sax. This album is
no exception. The music is seamless. flow-
Iitg from sortg to song effortlessly and
almost unnoticeably. There is a definite
sound to the album - light. ethereal. hyp-
notic.

There is also a new attitude to the music.

Bryan Ferry is no longer tryiitg for the
outrageous he Is streamlining his music
and his intentions. Every Roxy Music
album (until this one) was a game. Ferry's
stance was the bored. dissatisfied romeo -
love was “just another high" or it was en-
tirely nonexistent. This feeling or non-
feeling was projected iit almost every song
from Roxy Music's first live albums and

 

 

 

perhaps epitomized lit the minor hit Love is
The Drug froitt Siren.

Roxy Music disbanded in 1976 after
Siren and Ferry pursued a solo career.
(These solo albums are spotty and dis-
jointed. weird covers of blattd songs. In
short. pretentious and self-aggrandizing).
in 1979. Roxy Music regrouped - new
members except for l-‘erry. Mackay and
Martzanera and the some old thing.
Almost. The attitude was there Trash. My

 
 
  
 
   

weaker arid boring But it was good to
have the band back
Flesh arid Blood was released irt Witt)

This was attd still is the worst Roxy Music
album ‘ vapid and slick. it did itself lit by be-
ing too smooth (Sartre ()ld Scene is the
only redeeming song on the album but it
can be found on the Tutti-s Squuru sound-
track. To pick that soundtrack over Flesh
and Blood says something about the
album.) Nothing was heard frortt Roxy

 

Every Roxy Music album (until this one)
was a. game. Ferry’s stance was the bored,

dissatisfied romeo: love was “just another

high” or it was entirely nonexistent.

 

Little Girl. and Mani/ester: the title track are
indicative Ill the entire album. but Ferry
tried something different. The A side was
labeled The East Side and as fate would

have it the B side was labeled The West '

Side. There were twu different sounds.
The East Side was lean and smooth while
the West Side was laid back and somewhat
funky. This was Ferry's approximation of
Capturing two different (stereotypes) of
American culture. It didn't Work. Both
sides start strong artd get progressively

 

Music tit '81 and tltett out of the blue.
Avalon appeared on the scene.

One enters Aurrlon with caution after
Flesh arid Blood. Fear rtot. the album I5
full of beautiful. intricate sounds which
delight and hurt not. Nell Jason and Alan
Spenner the two bass players propel each
song or coax ll along gently. The Space
Between is a fantastic UKrllllplB. A pecking
guitar opens the song ttltil is quickly swept
up iii a sleek. funky hook that insists btrt
doesn't demand Ferry's voice plays along

 

-- z: "l‘-("'.X'J“',9‘ .».., . . _"’ ""'.".""‘-' ".',' ,..
“ ”  r ‘ '"""‘""“"""'"September'l'4t’t982/pagé5a

'the edges and blends perfectly with Fonzl
Thornton on back up. These two team up
on a nur‘nber of songs on the album and for
:once Ferry‘s voice Is not the key part in
ieach song. The title track is yet another
. successful change for Ferry. Perry‘s vocals
'on the opening track are echoed by an in-
credible newcomer. Yanick Etienne in the
song Auaion To my memory 1 have never
.heard a voice sing this high with such
lstrength and endurance. She Is nothing
short of incredible.

This song is followed by one of two short
instrumentals on the album. india and
Tara are tasteful but seem get lost In the
flow of songs Perhaps iii concert they
would be a little more memorable but they
are yet another first time thing for Roxy
Music.

l-‘erry's lyrics are interesting. On the
album Country Life Ferry sings. “Throw
away litres often ring true." On Avalon.
almost every line is throw away. but the dif-
ference is that in the context of the music
and the tone of the album. one can sense
that Ferry is finally being sincere. The sortg
Take A Chance With Me sums this up: “As
they say. two can play/But keep that 50th
away front nre/ln my time. too muclt
love/Has tirade me sad for so long." He's
not joking this time. Never before ltas
Roxy Music sounded so sincere and warm.
True To Life is perhaps the prettiest soun-
ding song on the album. It's about Manhat-
ttrn btrt It's not a dissection of the city; it's a
shimmering paeait to a faceless woman his
"Seaside diartiond": he knows there's so-
meone there for him despite the "thousand
faces" that he'll "never know". Manhattan

 

Is no Avalon. but it is an island of beauty In
its own way.

All is not bliss itt Avalon though. While
My Heart ls Still Beating is like its title. a lit-
tle too long arid plodding. To Turn You On
builds to a crescendo then falls apart at the
chorus. But this music Is so pleasurable
and assured that these are minor points of
weakness. The entire album Is pieced
together precisely and paced and timed to
perfection. This is the first truly consistent
Roxy Music album. It looks as If Bryan
Ferry has finally found a home In Avalon.

 

 

 

[disappointing Fare Dances. who's complaining?

 

Elton Remembers Jo n

ust two years ago. given the state
J of Elton John's most recent
releases. on average fart' would
yawn when informed of an upcoming con-
cert. Sure he was a legend. but if he played
his most recent offerings you just tttight
have‘a better time rll the show by watching
the fourteen year old couple next to you
discover puberty. Keep this quiet —- If you
hear of art Elton John concert itow. ltock
your mother and buy tickets. Elton lllls
preview! vet}, CM .39 June. _ M. ,

Robert Schneider

“Hailing transits; ray tardy. His
latest album Jump Up! has been doing well
in the sales department. aird this has serv-
ed to fuel the desires of people to see him
in concert. His 28 city tour served as a con-
trast to the predictions of many that the
concert lottrs of all groups will be smaller
artd less well received..This month Elton's
irt Australia. touring. but he will return to
New York to play a small role in the new
show Lennon. With the success of the
album and tour. more of both can be art-
tlcipated.

The show. the first of three at Madison
Square Garden. took place on a night that
saw the usual grimy New York air outdo
itself In murklncss. Fortunately. inside the
air was clear and so was the music. After
Quarterflash politely escorted people Into
their seats. Elton and the band entered on-
to the unusually Spartan stage. Opentng to
deafening cheers from a very enthusiastic
audience. Elton. along with Davey
Johnstone on guitars. Dee Murray on bass.

 

and Nigel Olsson on drums. treated the au-
dience to art accelerated version of Funeral
For A l’rierrd‘lnue Lies Bleeding amidst
dry ice log. This foreshadowed witat was to
be a consistent problem with art otherwise
superb show: many of the songs that were
done were just too damn fast. When a song
is played too fast. the words become in-
audible. Despite this. Elton and the boys
were very entertaining.

A criticism that could not be leveled at
Elton John. at least on the basis of this
show. is that he's miserly with his music.
The selection of songs was both enormous
and varied. Along with his most familiar
songs. he delighted his true fans with fairly
obscure samples in his repertoire. songs
like Ticking. find Bettelt QI/ngad.

The showghadmhuy tqq'chfngarrdemgr _

tlonal moments. Unlike many shows. the

 

 

poor suckers who got stuck behind the
stage had by far the best vantage lit the
building. due to the bare stage. Elton prnv~
ed himself to be rare among the crop of
haughty rock stars-he cares about his fans.
This observation was borne out ntany.tintes
during the show.

Two girls front behind the stage jumped
the six feet onto It. They were quickly ac<
costed by the Garden gendarmes. but
before they were led off. Elton walked over
to them. After speaking with them. and
planting a kiss on both of them. they were
quietly led off. Later. a guy tried to make
the jump. but didn't land right. and hurt his
ankle. Elton helped carry him off. The

‘crowd roared its approval of events like
‘ these. ‘ _
: .Aftgr performing Empty Garden. during
, which the gathygjpgﬂltt a galaxy of candles.
Yoko and Sean Lennon walked on.

.tent artists. that's a comfort. Cl

 

Definitely the emotional high of the ttight. it
became even more so when Yoko stepped
up to the mike arid said. "You are our
fantin now."

Following such an emotional moment.
one would expect a letdown. but there was
none forthcoming Elton performed some
of his newer material. like Dear John and
Blue Eyes. the latter featuring a beautiful bit
of singing. Most of the songs were concise
aitd tight. but Rocket Man was dragged
out. with tirrre-wrrsting techniques like
spelling out the title. aitd electronic bird
chirping. After .t really good show. it was a
little annoying to see a meaningless jam
session.

True to forrn. Eltort treated'the crowd to
three encores. The best of them featured
two Beatles songs. Twist and Shout and 1
Saw Her Standing There. Elton seemed to
enjoy these. as he kept throwitrg and kick-
iitg his pian9,bertch around the stage.

As good as the show was. there was a
glaring omission. The show took place on
the twentieth anniversary of Marilyn
Monroe's death. Incredibly. Elton didn't
perform Candle In The Wind. histrlbute to
her. How this was overlooked is beyond
comprehension. It would have been the
proverbial Icing on the cake.

This performance. coupled with his
latest releases. proves that Elton John ls
ready to resume his position as a musical
heavy weight. The band was excellent.
with Nigel Olsson standing out. The fact
that he's decided to bring the old band
together also signals his return to quality. In
a time of precious few talented and consis-

 

 

 

i
t
i.

 

