 
  

i:
i.
l
i.
r

i
i
i

 

 

Cwontd case.

 

Nuke PlanlInvestigated

ONTARIO, N.Y. (AP) Workers Thursday continued
checking for defective tubes inside a steam generator at
the R.E.Ginna nuclear power plant In the wake of last
week’s release of slight amounts of radioactivity into the
arr.

Richard Peck, a spokesmanfor the Rochester Gas dz
Electric Corporation. which owns the plant, said techni-
cians are also using a device called an “eddy current" to

make a remote control check of the 3.260 tubes in the

generator.

Peck said all the tubes will be checked in the faulty
steam generator and also in a second steam generator
that has the same-number of tubes. Both are inside the
nuclear reactbr containment area at the plant.

A ﬁve-inch break in one of the tubes inside the faulty
generator was discovered Tuesay. “An investigation in-
to the cause of that burst is still under way.” Peck said.
adding that “it looks like it will be three to. four weeks
before we are back into production . . . if everything
goes well."

ArmsProposal Offered

WASHINGTON. p.c. (AP) Pr'csident Reagan said
Thursday the United States has submitted a draft treaty
to the Soviet Union for mutual reduction of medium-
range nuclear arsenals and “a major contribution to
security, stability and peace."

The proposal. which embodies Reagan’s Nov. l3 plan
to reduce intermediate-range nuclear weapons in
Europe, was placed on the negotiating table in Geneva
on Tuesday. according to David R. (Jergen, a senior
1White House spokesman. Gergen said it contained no
‘new proposals.

in a written statement, Reagan called on Soviet Presi-
dent Leonid l. Brezhnev “to join us in this important
ﬁrst step to reduce the nuclear shadow that hangs over
the peoples of the world." ‘ -

The Soviet leader on Wednesday proposed a two-
thirds cut in U.S. and Soviet medium-range nuclear
weapons in Europe by i990 and said the United States
was avoiding serious negotiations on the issue.

Brooklyn Fire Kills Six

NEW YORK, N.Y. (AP) Firemen literally sifted
through tons of debris Thursday on the chance that it
concealed additional victims ofa Brooklyn fire that was
set by an arsonist.

The blaze early Wednesday in a four-story building at
258 Albany Avenue in the Crown Heigts section is
knOWn to have claimed six lives, according to fire of-
ﬁcials, and possibly more.

identiﬁed thus far as among the dead were Tanya

Lynch, 6, Michael Hagen. 23, and Beryl Phillips, 44.
Recovered but still unidentiﬁed are the bodies of a boy,
a girl and an adult woman.
- Working into the night, .1 Con Edison crane with a
bucket attachment was lifting rubble from the burned-
out building and lowering it to the ground. Thcrc
ﬁremen sift through the debris on the possibility that it
concealed other victims. ’

Fire department spokesman John Mulligan said in-
vestigators determined that a ﬂammable liquid was ig-
nited in a public hallway of the building. which had been
illegally converted to 5inglc~room occupancy.

An estimated 48 people were living in the building
when the ﬁre broke out.

., ~t

‘ Senth Votes for T. V.

WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) The Senate voted 92-3
Thursday to keep alive a proposal to allow television in

the chamber, but the plan was mired in a political squab-

ble over who would control the cameras.

The vote was a procedural one. allowing the Senate to
keep debating the plan by Senate Majority Leader
Howard H. Baker .ir. (R-Tenn.) to permit live TV and
radio coverage of Senate proceedings.

But while the outcome spared' Baker an immediate
embarrassment. both Republican and Democratic
sources suggested a long ﬁght ahead. Democrats oppos-

.ed to the plan are expected to mount a filibuster next
week. a delaying tactic that takes 60 votes to overcome.

Democrats were pressing for_ equal say with
Republicans in deciding when to turn the cameras off
and also want to make sure that the tapes didn't find
their way into political ads.

William ’3 Defense Begins

ATLANTA. Georgia (AP) A mend ot Wayne B.
* Williams testiﬁed Thursday that he told her before her
arrest that he would confess if authorities investigating
the slayings of young blacks built a strong enough case
against him.

The prosecution rested after the testimony from
Sharon Blakely. the limb witness in ﬁve weeks of
testimony so far at the sensational murder trial. The
judge refused a defense request for a directed verdict of
acquittal. and Williams’ lawyers were expected to begin
their case Friday.

Mrs. Blakely's testimony came shortly after an am-
bulance driver said Williams had once startled him by
asking. "had i ever considered how many blacks could
be eliminated by doing away with one black male
child?"

That statement by witness Bobby Toland produced
gasps from spectators but brought no discernable reac-
tion from the defendant. a black free-lance cameraman
and aspiring talent promoter.

Kennedy Tapes Revealed

BOSTON. Mass. (AP) The disclosure that President
John F. Kennedy secretly taped hundreds of White
House conversations drew both shock and shrugs Thurs-
day. and Sen. Edward M. Kennedy said his family wants
transcripts of the tapes “released . . . as soon as possi—
ble."

Sen. Russell ll. Long. i)-La., one of those-whose con-
versations with the late president were recorded secretly.
said: “i consider it highly improper for anyone to record
the conversation of a friend without informing the
friend that a recording is being made."

llut former Secretary of State Dean Rusk disagreed.
"i don‘t understandng what all the shouting is about.”
he said.

Rusk and Long were among more than 100 people
whose names appeared in a 29-page log of the tapings
released Thursday by the JFK Library in lioslon.

The cxistenccd of some Kennedy tapes was revealed in
I973, but the extent of the recordings, the participants
and the subject matter was not. known.

Pope Speaks on Poland

VATICAN CITY (AP) Pope John Patti It held "ex-
tremely delicate" talks Thursday with leaders of
Poland's Roman Catholic church in an effort to agree
on church policy toward the martial law crackdown. in-
formed sources said.

Vatican Officials said the Polish-borrt pontiff received
the Polish primate. Archbishop Jozef Glcmp, and two
other visiting Polish prelatcs. shortly after their arrival
from Warsaw.

 

 

ICAM’p‘us .‘BRiEIfS

 

O O O I
StatisticsDrstnbuted

Do you know all about the normal distribution and
certain distributions related to it that appear in tables in
the back of statistics textbooks?

if not. then you mightvwant to attend Professor
Richard O’Neil’s statistics colloquium on Wednesday,
February to at 3:30 pm. in Room 140 of the Earth
Science Building. ’

The colloquium is open to the public and coffee will
be served beginning at 3:00 pm. in Earth Science
Building, Room 152. -

Art Honors Blacks

The Black and Latin Student Alliance at Russell Sage
College will be sponsoring four special programs next
week in honor of Black History‘ Month.

On Tuesday, February 9. there will be a multi-mcdia
exploration of “Experiences in African Art;" on
Wednesday, February 10 there will be a dramatization
of the BroadWay Work of contemporary Black writers;
February ll there will be a review of Black fcmalc enter-
tainers and on Friday, February 12 there will be a lecture
on racism in America.

All events begin at 8 pm. in Bush Center on Sagc‘s
Troy campus. Admission is $1.

Win A Paper'A ward

The institute on Man and Sciences is looking for
ideas, advice and consultation from faculty and students
in Capital District Universities.

Any matriculated graduate or undergraduate student
can enter their paper for one of the six first-place awards
of $I25 or the six second-place awards of $50.

A one-page abstract outline must be received by
February 15. and papers must be 15-25 pages (typed.
double spaced) and must be received by the Institute by
March 25.

For more information contact:

Richard A. Reinbct'g. PhD.
The institute on Man and Science
chssclacrvillc, NY. l2147
or Professor Patti Mcudows of SUNYA.

Retrieve Your Books

You must pick up books illltl/tll‘ money from the SA
llook Iixclnuigc from February 15 through the 191h Itctv
ween l0:()0 rt.tn. uttd 2:00 [Ln]. in the Campus Center.

Atty books not sold or claimed by February I‘)
llUCtllllC property of 'i'clcthon '82.

ll you can't pick up your books or money during the
above time. contact Judy Grccnhaum. Seth Muimuu or
Mary I-illcn Murphy before February 1‘).

Catch A Rush

Do you wont to join a sorority or meet some people
from u sorority? Then you may want to go to thc I’si
(lamina Sorority Rush Party this Saturday. February 6
at 9:00 pm.

The party will be on Dutch Quad in the second iloor
lounge of Van Roll Hall.

Admission is free and all are invited.

Follow-up meetings for those interested in joining the
sorority will be Tuesday. February 9 and Thursday.

kFcbruary II. also in the Van ch second floor lounge. ‘

 

«3:? The

MousélkAp \

rThis Valentines Day, lift
yourself above the old flowers
and candy crowd. Show your

 

 

r-—--—-—-—

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS, FEBRUARY 5, 1982 -

 

——

THE NORTHEASTERN MBA

A way to
enrich your
MBA experience!

Program are eligible to apply for a position as a Graduate
Assistant. The Graduate Assistantshlp otters academic or
administrative work experience, greater aocess to administra-

varicty of international topics.

r - .. »
World Comes to SUNYA
SUNYA will be celebrating “World Week" from February 13-21), a

week that will include over 50 events of ethnic distinction to promote

ethnic appreciation on campus. . -*
An idea conceived by President Vincen
by Dean of Undergraduate Studies Helen Desfosses is an attempt to

I‘brighten up the bleakest time of the year."

Numerous members of SUNYA faculty and administration, as well
as students, have joined together to organize various festivities.

World Week will include a Chinese New Year's night, an India
Association Cultural Show. quad dinners with special guests. interna-
Those accep‘ed [mo Northeas‘em‘s Two'Year FUH'Tlme MBA Ltional ﬁlms, as well as numerous panels and discussions on a wide

 

lion and faculty. and an opportunity to play a more active role In
the educational process. Competition is keen—approximately
40% of those enrolled In the Full-Time MBA Program are
awarded an Assistantshlp. Assignments are usually within the
College oi Business orelsewhere In the University in an adminis-
trative. teaching. research or tutorial capacity. The assistant-
ships are ten to twenty hours-permaek appointments. which
provide all assistantshlp participants with tuition remission for
courses taken. For the twenty hour assistantship. a stipend
currently at $4,500 per academic year. is also awarded.
Full-Time Program begins in September—Application
deadline is May tst .
Deadline for Assistantshlp Program application is
April 15m. (
For complete information on the Northeastern Full-Time and Assistant-
Ip MBA pr rams as well as other Intern and Part—Time MBA pro-
grams. call (61 )437-2719 or use the coupon below.
----—-——_---—-_--—_--1
Graduate School oi Business Administration
Northeastern University D
360 Huntington Avenue. Boston. MA 02115
Piexo send Iniormation on the Graduate Assistantship Program and other
Northeastern MBA programs

 

 

 

 

 

Northeastern University :
IN Bos_r_o_N_ _

—————————————————— J

 

i
l
l
l
l
i
i
l
i
i

 

 

presents

iiiQiW/ HIE/AT

with
William Hurt
Friday and Saturday 4
February 5 and 6
7:30 and 10:00 pm

LC7
$1.00 w/ tax

$1.50 w/out tax
SA Funded

t O’Leary and coordinated

— FELECIA BERGER

. '” Wellington. Pipes
Tower East Clnema

Cause Flooding

By KIM GUY

______.._______.

The Wellington Hotel was flood-
ed Sunday morning when water
pipes that run from the Mandarin
Chinese Restaurant next door ap-
parently burst.

Damage was done to the hotel's
lower lobby and the elevators were
temporarily out of service.

The only inconvenience to the
ISO student residents was that they
had to use the stairs until the
elevators were repaired.

"We try to take care of these
things at once." said Rube Ger-
sowitz. the hotel‘s general manager.

"The incident occurred at 12:30
a.m.," and according to Gersowitz
plumbers were at work by 1:00
a.m., and “we had the elevator peo-

ple come in right away.”

By 4:00 am. most of the water
was pumped out of the lobby and
the elevators were back in service.

Gersowitz said it was the ﬁrst
time an incident of this nature oc-

 

 

 

 

    
  
      
   

VALENTINES DAY

WITH

The Roseman

He’ll Deliver

N I curred.
' v ’ '0‘?‘ ’ba 0
0 a” M d Rm” 0%
[so Oha 97/]
0 9\ Wk Cor
t poi“ Tuck-in ee
0 Ha“
‘: dea‘book Grease
i
0 .3 Bartending Workshop
1; a“ T
i a hop
1’ 0&4; d0" Q .' Cher
0 0»  r 0’? 80
0' ' Florida- F ‘v/
0 2 or Five
.2 Day
0 N
i {\ V2“ ' , "77 P
i a “awyrlee Djppilull arty Night

it go“ . .

’\’ Octoberfesr Ohve

" What Would You Do With
‘ $10,000?

 

 

    

 

 

AAAAA‘A

egg...» WE“? anniigihfiese ‘Place A [Spec'arlr §Qmepne that you really ’ Come to Quad Board...
gym ' ave er - care, and give them a personal 1 ’ Tell Us What You Want!

 

Featuring Folk-countr y and Originals

ORDER YOUR VALENTINES DA

i
_ _ ,
in our Classified Section. Submit i t
l i
l ROSES IN THE CAMPUS CENTER

0 _ ’ I I allj‘Perso'naIs to CC 332. Dead

1

‘ .

‘ Alumni Sunday February 7 Brubacher Ballroom 8pm
1 Colonial Every Sunday Cafeteria '7pm

 

 

 

 

 

 

AA

 

 

 

February 5th 6th .
a v, O) cmwscmmwmomaoom Q “h 3 is Tuesday Februar 9 3 m  MON-FRI ‘ Dutch Every Sunday Penthouse 7 pm
'  I W'De'r'ég'mm' r ~' ' y ’ p ' ‘  i . Indian Every Tuesday Cafeteria 10pm
W ' I- ‘. . » univgg'm-Amln' - A - .   I.  1 Sponsored by the Anthropology Club 1 State Every Monday Tower Lounge ' ‘opm

 

s - .

 

