     
    
  

  
  

ii i
i,
l
t 3
if
t

-.—..W--........A

i
l
l
l
if?
i.
l

 

 

 

 

_ -. '_...~.;.-—...‘sw.-m<.«w

 

-‘un’l‘tt‘uom- -—

W

i GOr
.mm-
L ‘tjl i
~MM’

OCTOBER 22. 1982

Danes need new formula for Norwich battle
Eighth renewal of rivalry

 

By Marc Hasrel
sponrsemro

During the first half of the 1982 season.
the Albany State Great Danes proved the
basic ‘theorem that a wall-balanced offense
,plus a stingy defense will equal winning
football. But tomorrow in Northfield. Ver-
mont. the Danes. minus the services of in-
jured quarterback Tom Pratt. defensive
tackle Jim Canfield and perhaps tlglit end
.Iay Ennis. will have to try some new
arithmetic against their annual foes. the
Norwich Cadets.

Albany-Norwich garrres are always
blood-fought battles. The Danes lead this
intensive Division III rivalry. 52.

“It has been one of the greatest rivalries
we've ever had." said Albany State head
coach llob Ford. "Every time we've played.
it's been a dog-fight from start to finish."

“I'm sure its going to be a physical foot-
ball garne. it always is between these two
teams." added Norwich head coriclt Barry
Myrrtcr.

Last season. the Danes were missing
Pratt when the Cadets paraded onto
University Field. However. a last second
touchdown pass from reserve quarterback
Dave Napp to split cud Bob Brien trirned
back the Cadets 7-0.

Entering tomorrow‘s contest. the Dimes
find themselves in a similar predicament.
With Pratt again watching from the
sideline. Ford will call upon backups Tim
Roth and Eric Liley to share the signalcall-
ing duties. Each has seen limited tirrre so far
this season. Roth will probably get the star-
ting nod from Ford with Liley to follow as
the game progresses.

On the defensive side. Manny (.‘auchi and
Frank Gallo will team up to replace the in-
jured Canfield.

Most of last year's Cadet team is back
this season. Mynter‘s Cadets have struggled
through their first six contests of the year
with a 2-4 record. Last week. the Cadets
suffered a tough loss at the hands of Divi-
sion lll nationally-ranked St. Lawrence.
39-38. in that lreartbrcakcr. Norwich canre
back from a 24-0 deficit to pull within one
point Vof their highly-ranked opponents.
Mynter elected to go for the game-winning
two-point conversion. late in the fourth
quarter, but it failed and the Cadets lost.

After six games. the Cadet offense has
averaged 162.3 yards on the ground and
134.2 yards in the air. Mynter's team rims

AMV COHEN UPS
Hatlback John Dunham leads the
Danes with seven touchdowns.

 

 

WILL VURMAN UPS

Dane wide reclever Peter Marlo has caught slx passes good enough for 58 yards
In Albany's first live contests this season. He also has 28 passing yards.

its offense mainly out of the l-formation.
“They‘re very controlled and like to spread
the offense around." said Dane assistant
coach Rick Flanders. who scouted the
Cadets for Albany last weekend.

The Cadets were charged last week by a
new weapon not unleashed prior to the St.
Lawrence game. Making his debut at
halfback. freslimaa Winfield Brooks car-

to their offense. He gets the ball to the right
guy at the right time." said Flanders.
Joining Brooks and O'Neil in the
backfield is sophomore fullback .lirn Earl.
He started as a freshmen last season against
the Danes at halfback. but with a compact
6'0" 205 body. he has “made the transition
to fullback real well." according to
Flanders.
*-

“It has been one of the greatest rivalries
we’ve ever had. Every time we’ve played
it’s been a dog-fight from start to finish. ”

—- Head Coach Bob Ford

 

 

ricd the ball 25 times for 191 years.

"He‘s kind of an unknown." said
Flanders of Brooks whose riarrrc had not
even appeared in the Norwich progrrun. “I
don’t think they (Norwich) even knew ltc
has that kind of ability. lie‘s e legitimate
game breaker." The freshman halfback
scored three touchdowns to put Norwich
back in the game last week.

The Cadets are quarterbnckcd by senior
Dave O'Neil. At 6‘1", 185 pounds. ()‘Ncii
has completed 37 passes in lttl attempts for
73‘) yards and four touchdowns. He has
also thrown eight interceptions.

“He's (O‘Neil) :i great team leader and
directs their offense yer y well. He's the glue

“He's a run-away freight truck."
described Flanders. "He runs real well."

Tire Cadets mainly like to keep the ball
on the ground but when they go to the air,
they make their attempts count. Against St.
1 :rwrr'nce. z’l'is'eil completed only five
pilttiv‘cJ in l(: attemptr, bet they were good
enough for 171 yards.

'1 he Cadets main receivers are Steve
Sprirro. an Albany area product. and Bean
Alirrodobar. “ I‘lrcy’re botlt excellent
receivcrs and both are good runners after
they catch the football." said Flanders.
last week. Alrirtrdolrar had three catches
for ill) yards. wltile his tcatrrnnttc Spam).
chipped in with two receptions for 51 yards.

Norwich has another gutty receiver in
tight end Steve Smith. Snrilh caught several
balls a year ago against Albany. "He's the
type of guy ifyotr try to take away the other
two threats (Spano and Almodobar). he’ll
kill you." Flanders said.

Defensively. the Cadets cnrploy the
familiar 4-4 defense that is also trscd by the
Danes. In fact. the Dane coaching staff are
hoping that Albany's knowledge of that
defense will prove to be an advantage.

Brit a particularly strong defensive front
four may have something to say to that.
The key to the entire defense is embodied in
a pair of fitic defensive ends: Mike llcndcr.
6'1)“ 205 pounds and Dan O'Shea. (1'1" ZIS
pounds. “They complement each other
very well." said Flanders.

The litre is rounded out by another pair
of complementary defensive linenrates at
the trickle positions. Bob Patterson stari-
ding at 6'2" 235 is considered “the big
strong kid". while Len Beilino at 5'10" 220
is "the little quick kid."

The linebackitig corp is stong as well for
Norwich. Tint Kelly and Chris Caputi roarrr
the inside region. “They‘re better than
average football players and becatrse of the
big front four they appear even better."
Flanders said.

The two outside linebackers are of corr-
siderable size. Jim Magee 6-0. 215 is “huge
for an outside linebacker." according to
Flanders and his partner Dan Lay 6'2". 201)
pounds is also good size for the position.

“They do not have a lot of learn speed
but if you try to run at the gut of ilienr.
their tough to beat.“ said Flanders.

Norwieh’s secondary may also be a bit
better against the run than they are against
the pass. The secondary is led by safety
Jerry O’Conner. “He cart cover the ground
and he‘s a good hitter." said Flanders.

If the Danes would like to remain in corr-
tcrrtiorr for post-season competition, tlreu
they probably cannot afford to lose to their
opponents frorn Vermont. But whenever
these two teams hook tip. there scents to be
extra intensity in the air.

I‘l think this is one of those types of

games that exemplifies good Division III
football." conclttded Mynter. “It has all
the ingredients that you look for in a good
football situation."

All action can be heard on 91PM beginn-
ing at 1:25 pm. with Phil Pivrrick and
Howard Strudler. I'l

 

 

 

 

WILL VURMAN Ut's
Defensive back Dave Hardy has been a
part at 35 tackles this season.

 
 

  

 

 

. t   .. s-...u.a_.........-.~.-..... _........

 

 

 

By Debbie Judge

H)! TOR/A I. A SSIS TA NT

 

Although Chairman of the Democratic Socialists of
America Michael Harrington called for a “radical restric-
ting of the American economic and social system" within
the first ten minutes of his Monday evening CC ballroom
speech, his vieWs unfolded to be less than radical.

In fact. Harrington apologized several times to his nrore
left-winged listeners for the moderation in his “potential

strategies for the 1980’s."

“Coalition is the way to go." Harrington said. speaking
of a country built on interest groups arid ltctcrogerious
of American
deriiocracy. He called Irotlr Republicans and Democrats
"totally inadequate to lrartdle the crises we are now in.“

Harrington said the Democrats are willing to let Presi-
dent Reagan "run the corrrrtry into the ground." so people
will trrrrr to cnrlrracc a Democratic candidate. He noted
"no! Reagan is good. but not good enough."

The key. Harrington said. is a “dcmocraticization” of
investrrrcnt. He pointed to a decrepit railroad systenr. and a
ruined automobile industry as examples of poor corporate

clcrrrcrrts that create a "mrrslrirrcss"

investment.

He suggested allocating financial credit on the basis of
rise-lower interest rates for people who want to “build
ltouses. or get a car to go to work in." This kind of invest-

ment, he poirtted ottt. creates industry.

Harrington mocked Reagan’s belief that when you "give
nioncy to working people. they eat it. Give it to the rich.

and they‘ll invest it.

“It is absolutely true that the rich will invest the
The problem, Harrington
points out. is that corporations do not invest in productive

money.” Harrington said.

industry. but rather in “the great pastime of corporate
takeover," of which the recent Bendix takeover was the MIChBGI Harrington

obscene culmination. said Harrington. "it creates jobs for

 

ALBA
STUD |\YlT
PRESS

' C10.
an mausaicii urs

Thesday

October 26, 1982

   
 
 
  

NlJAIBIER 32

U. S. policies

Wall Street lawyers and stock brokers."

Harrington toyed with Reagan's comparison of the stock
market to the "health of the nation." doubting that the
President would rtislr to the rriire after today’s stock plum-
irret. Rather. Harrington compared the market to the ar-

’ bitrary dealing of a crrrp game.

I Harrington apologi/cd to the strict leftists when he pro-
posed giving rnoney to corporations. "not in the hope that
they will do sorrrcthing good. but when they do something
good." lie was speaking. for example. about tax sttpport
for jobs provided by industry.

Harrington is iii direct opposition to Reagan's trickic-
down theory and advocated rebuilding lfttlll the ground up.
He said he sides with the llrarrtlt Committee in internu-
tiorial affairs. which proposed that the progress of the third
world nations \iiis beneficial to the United States. He call-
ed the support of unpopular regimes. “not orin immoral.
lrnt incredibly stupid."

Harrington's irrvoiverrrent in social activism in the past 25
years is a curioirs connection of iris and outs in the
American system. first becoming active during the McCar-
thy period. l-larringtorr was associate editor of the Catholic
Worker. Since then. he has been active in the civil rights
movement. active in organizing the Prayer Pilgrimage for
Freedorii. and working with the late Dr. Martin Luther
King. Harrington has also had close ties with organized
labor. now a professor of political science at Queens col-
lege. he is also a member of the American Federation of
Teachers. a rnenrbcr of the Fund for Republic Union Pro-
ject from 1956 to 1962. and twice the features speaker at the
convention of the Labor press Association of the AFL-

Harrington also campaigned for Eugene McCarthy,
b - _ ..Robert enned .Edtnund .-  G ' '
Republicans and Democrats "inadt’quute to handle crises. " “mmy'gmcn'y Mum“ come Mcomem' and

SASU opposes new SUNY budget

“w lly MaFk llammtﬁrd
.\I it) LllIHIK

The 1982-83 proposed SUNY budget
released Friday. which includes a dorm rcrrt
hike of $80 and increases in out-of—statc
artd community college tuition. has been
termed “ridiculous” lry SASU officials
who are lauticlritrg a protest against it.

The 581.2653 rrriiliorr budget seeks to raise
dorm rates to $l.33() per year. If passed. it
will betlre sixth tirrrc that SUNY has won
dorttr rate increases in the past eight years.

The budget proposal would also increase
out-of—statc tuition by $1.40) iii an effort to
raise an extra $11) rrrilliorr in revenue. Corn-
rritrrrity college tuition could rise by over
one-third to a maximum of $1.050.

These and other changes will be ratified
during a SU NY Board of Trustees meeting
Wednesday. said SASU Vice President
Scott Wexlcr. chler said SASU plans to
gather approximately 500 students who will
rally at the SUNY Central building
Wednesday to oppose the budget.

After ratification by the SUNY Board of
Trustees, the budget will go to the State
Division of Budget (DOB). which SASU
fears will institute even more changes,
possibly even a tuition hike. chler said.
The budget will appear before the New
York State Legislature in 1983 before it
meets final approval by the Governor's pert
in April 1983.

SASU plans to follow the budget through
its phases. Wexler said. by submitting a
written complaint to the DOB and "talking
to tire new Governor and explaining that
SUNY did not sirbrriit a fair budget. and
meeting with (his) new experts."

The difference in this year’s budget is
that "SUNY usually proposes a stable
budget to the DOB. Tire DOB usually
makes trctncndous cuts iti it, but this year
SUNY has done that themselves". said

SASU President .litn Tierney. chlcr feels
this will give the DOB an opportunity to
raise tuition or institute othcr increases.

Tlte dorm rate ltikc is part of a continu-
ing trend towards dorrrr self-sufficiency. ac
cording to SASU Legislatiw Director,
Steve Cox. SUNY wants to remove the
dorm cost burden frorri itself and make
students pay the ctitirc cost. "SASU agrees
with this. if students could run the dorm."
Cox said. Presently. dormitories are
managed atrd governed ctrtircly by SUNY.
and rirost SUNY schools enforce a policy
making on-campus housing mandatory for
a student's freshman and sophomore years
at college. SASU advocates a change in
both those policies.

The community college tuition increase is
discriminatory against wonrcrr and
ruirroritics. chler said. because it is these
people who can often afford to afford only
a low-cost community college. Presently.
community college cost is split three ways
between student, state, and county. The
budget proposal would increase the student
cost by allowing the student bill to rise to a
maximum of $1,050.

The budget also proposes raising out-of-
state tuition by $1.400 to $3.150 for
undergraduates and 53.585 for graduates.
By this. SUNY stands to gain additional
revenue of some $10 million.

“They're trying to price out-of-state
students out of the market." Cox said.

Additionally. Cox said. SUNY seeks to
narrow their definition of a New York resi-
dent. "We feel this honrogcnizes SUNY
too greatly and would threaten the integrity
of a university that is supposed to be
dedicated to open access.” wrote Cox in a
press release.

SASU alleges that the new birdgct
precipitates declining SUNY enrollment by
Imposing enrollment caps on incoming

classes. Chancellor Clifton Wharton's
“Muili-l’ltasc Rolling Plan". introduced iir
Novcrrrbcr 1980. assumes contitrucd enroll-
rrretrt drops which so far ha\c not occurred.

Chancellor \Vlitlrloti's statement of
“establishing crrrolhncrrt targets for each
campus with emphasis on controlling each
year's ticw stirdcnt goals to bring actual
enrollment levels irt litre with budgeted
enrollment" will lead to enforced limits on
class size. SASU fears.

“if SUNY's projections of dcclirritrg stir-
derrt ctrrolirrretrt (are) not accurate." “rote
Cox in the press release, “it won't matter
because they will impose artificial levels of
enrollment to make llrenr right."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GRAPHIC ILLUSTRATION FREDONIA LEADER
SUNY Central tower

“We're entering a massive restructuring
of the SUNY system." Cox observed.
"They want to phase out the liberal arts
programs and make SUNY a high
technology training institute."

SUNY wants to more programs around
to cctttrnli/c a program in one school. (‘ox
said. "This year. Ulica-Romc may lose
their vocational and technical programs to
()swego. library science may go from
(icncseo to Buffalo. and other programs
may change hands. They say it's a better
use of resources. in effect. they will be
reducing Ilrc popularity of these
programs." said Cox.

SUNY's four Health Sciences Centers in
Syracuse. Brooklyn. Stony Brook arid Buf-
falo stand to receive a disproportionate
allotment of the budget - receiving increases
of 35 percent while the total increase will be
11 percent. Cox said. The Health Science
Centers are essentially hospitals. Cox
noted. and staff is SUNY paid. “I don't
see why SUNY should be in the hospital
business." Cox said.

“We appreciate the need for public
education in the medical ﬁeld...but we
think SUNY's medical corporation has
grown too large...at the expense of
thousands of SUNY undergrads on its 64
campuses." Cox wrote.

SASU is holding a student information
meeting tonight at 7:30 in LC 14. Wexler
hopes to gather students then to rally the
SUNY Central building on State Street
Wednesday morning.

“Now is the time to fight." Wexler said.
SASU hadn‘t initially planned on devoting
a great deal of time and energy to the
budget this year. Wexler explained.
but predicted it would become the focus of

_ controversy in the coming year.

No SUNY Central officials could be
reached for comrrrerit on Monday. El

 
  
 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

