 

 

    
 
    
 

 
 

l

 same-.4. . w...

2;; 

’J
Dell. Scone (436-9138) Downtime »—
Fri — Free Show ‘
Danger" (482-9797) Little Sister and the
Local Boys — Fri and Sat: Young Reptiles
and The Targets -— Sun ' .
>Peulv'e Hotel (463-9082) Wally Stark
—- Fri and Sat: Jazz band — Sun
>Geminl Jen Cele Fats Jefferson — Fri
and Sat - , .
58th Step Coffee Houee Prlscllla Herd-
man — folk singer — Fri: Don Armstrong
and Victoria Garvey — Sat ‘

  

. '13— Fri and Sat ,.
' D‘I‘he
- Mastrangelo and,Frle_n‘ds — Fri and Sat

 

.k"

at... Terverq (463-9779) Toby Sawyer

snort (436‘77tr7r‘ George
>Troy Sevinge Bank Music Hall
Albany Symphony Orchestra — Frl

>I’elnce Theatre Albany Symphony Or-
chestra —— all French program - Sat. 8:30

theater

>Cepltel Repertory Company A
Streetcar Named Desire — Thru April 11.
>Pnlece Theatre Les Ballets Trockadero
de Monte Carlo "male balleriros" -— Fri.
8:00

 

7 o .  .~  mil  .
dlversrondrversrondn of 

The Fulton Hell Date Caper

Upon a recent visit to State Quad. i was very impressed with the close-knit relationship bet:
ween two suites in Fulton Hall. one a girls' suite. the other boys. The kIds were so close-
knit. in fact. that they often went out on dates with one another. and often they traded off.
going out with different people each week. This created a very confusing situation. and I
often wasn't able to keep everyone's names straight. When I was there on Mondaygl found
out from bits of gossip that on Friday no less than five happy couples had had a good time
someplace. But since i don't know these people very well. I couldn't figure out exactly who
was with who. From the few facts i did learn. listed below. can you tell me which girl (An-
nie. Beth. Carol. Denise. Ellen) went out with which guy (Al. Bob. Charlie. Doug. Ed). at
which bar (Sutter's. Washington Tavern. Lamp Post. Pauly's Hotel. the Fountain); which
car they were driving (Subaru. Volkswagen. Dart. Pinto. Volvo). and the )uiclest part of all
—- where they went afterward (to the Rocky Horror Picture Show. to another bar'to dance.
to Putt-Putt golf. a moonlight stroll in Washington Park. or stralglrt back to the dorm to have

sex)?

1) On the way back from the bar. Beth and her date saw the Pinto parked outside WT's; the
couple who went to Pauly's didn't have the Volkswagen: Bob. who hates beer. and his date
were drinking at the same time as Ellen and her date. who hates golf. (All five couples are

listed in this clue.)

 
 

2) Denise and Doug can'

3) The next day Charlie:
over to some garage  3'”

are mine." the wine drinker s. ‘

 

3h.

land. each other. She likEs gin: he hates ll.

(a. alledypu egirl who rode-in the Dart and asked her to walk
..;a._...é.g. 

afare.ki_llng'm:e,"' the gin drinker said. "So

'egréatrthﬁdlscguntll 3}3D."

4) Al. Bob and Doug all think American cars suck; Ed doesn't like pineapples: Charlie can't
sit still for very long. Bob didn't go to the movies.

5) Beth doesn't like to dance; neither does the girl who drank screwdrivers or Al's date who

also hates beer and didn't go to the Fountain.

6) After visiting a friend at the Lamp Post where he works. the couple in the Subaru went to
their next stop and on the way saw Carol and her date in the Volvo going to play golf.
About two or three months later the girl called up the boy in a furor. “You asshole. you got
me pregnant!" she screamed into the phdne. "What?" the surprised voice of the
Volkswagen driver said on the other end. "Oops. sorry. Al." she said and hung up. She‘s

always dialing wrong numbers!

30: who was with who?

  

Vbeth sheiman

I
r
i
l

from Les Ballets Trockodero de Monte

Carlo, the technically perfect, perfectly

satirical dance troupe appearing tonight

at the Palace Theater at 8 p.m. Tickets

available at the Community Box office
and the Palace.

 

l

PEmplre Stetlb Youth a” Ihietre In-
stitute The Egg‘— Fiddler on the Roof —
Fri 10 a.m.. 7:30 p.m.: Sat 7:30 p.m.

movies

>A'lbnny State Cinema LC 7, Stripes
—— Fri and Sat. 7130.10:00

>Tower lie-t Cinema LC 18.First Mon-
day in October — Fri and Sat. 7:30.10:00
>lnternntlonel Film Group LC 1. The
Lion in Winter — Fri and Sat 7:30.10100
>Hellman (459-5322) On Golden Pond.
Fri — 7:159:45; Sat —— 2.4.6.8.10
~>Mat‘lilon (489-5431) Reds —
Fri.Sat.Sun — 8:00

>rox Colonle 1&2 (459-1020) Quest
for Fire -—- Fri-7100,9230: Sat-2.4:30.7.9:3t)
-— Porkys — Fri-6.8.10: Sat-2.4.6.8.10
>Hellman Colonic 1&2 (459-2170)
Death Trap — Fri-7:15.9:3();
Sat—1.3:15.5:20.7:35.10:00 —— The Rocky
Horror Show —. Midnight. Fri and Sat ——
Victor Victoria -— Fri-7:103:40;
Sat-2:004:30]:10.9240 — Dawn of the
Dead — Midnight. Fri and Sat

>3rd Street Theatre Quartet —
Fri.5at.Sun — 7l9:15

 

C

l) The Jam
2) Talking Heads

top

The Gift

The Nanre of the Band is
Talking Heads
Another Gray Area

- English Settlement
Pelican West

3) Graham Parker
4) X'i'C
5) Haircut 100

6) Greg Kihn Band thniinued'
7) The Bongos Drums Along The Hudson
8) Fleshtones Roman Gods

9) Soft Cell
1())‘Bonn|e Raitt
l 1).Dregs

Non -Stop Erotic Cabaret
I Green Light
industry‘Standard

twenty 9| m

12)Orchestral Maneuvres
M o r a I i t y

Architecture and

13) Paul Collins' Beat The Kids Are The
S a m e

14) Nick Lowe Nick the Knife
15) Lou Reed Blue Mask
16) Various Artists The Secret Policeman’s
Other Ball

17) Human League Dare!

18) Jools Holland
19) Pete Shelley
20) David Bowie

. .and his Millionaires
l-lomosapien
Cat People

 

 

 

 

orossvvordCrosswc

crossword

 

initial f
meter,

  

  
    

7‘

.4

d" /  “7"
“a! / *//

1

, - ~—-V—--MA .n.
rm Passingofmglile bummed ovt at shirt-r ev pmn Ena

    
  
 
   

 

H" l

' new

i
'-\
\ vﬁ'C'o v ‘ "w
-. l M . 
 \l) "\ 1,. 'TT'T’VQI‘§U\‘.'/

  
 

l
w

  

 

  
  
  
   
 
  

45
ACROSS 48

i —- Flow. Orkney 49
islands area 51
Abbreviation in a
theatre ad 54
10 Baby‘s early word

it; Painter Ninslow— 55
16

a

State assuredly
Oi song. "— a 56

7 See 37-Across
it? Change the decor 57
19 Twlxt and tween 5"
20 Long-legged bird 59
21 Natives of flag- 50
staff 5'
23 Golf club employee
25 Sea cucumber 52
26 Mohandas Gandhi.
for one
Chemical suffixes
"Thank —i" i
31 Medicinal print 2
33 Dance like Eleanm :

36 Swing around
37 Drum Martin song. 5
with i‘l-Across

    

    

 

, , r If. . '10" 8 Questioned aft
. .. .4 . , y. . 39 Cobb and Hardin .
M. '_ r, _ t _ cross examination
ill-Qt.“ in” Vivid/j}; m - f 40 no“ inventory 9 Money in escrow.
. Wm All  i. 7"
 by . t .' . ,1, r it 4 41 Crazy °-9- 2 Wils-
‘ "HE‘S . ‘h  ‘1. ..- w. .. k‘ia'di" ‘2 “'5‘ “"9"” '0 my? and R0"
. mng cnltr { i, ruling 0 am tirng thlfln’glrb of Kmmnryum own," 43 -—- spending  gesngai of Jordan

 

6
3d iinrd with Maior pr 7 1975 Wimbledon champ f
lil‘

US

U.S. missile 13 Relatives of ifs
Garment for Margo: 22 13-nation cartel
on e 24 Result of a
Shows plainly

blast
Cards left over 26 liefare the -—
after dealing 27 Friend
"l connnt tell an Like a saying

32 Suffix for Euclid
JJ brutally harsh

34 —- spurrrante

"15 Certain tense

311 Basic quantities
40 Singer Edith —
42 Toolbox standby

Ca tclrall abbrevi-
ati

on
“-— Kick Out of
an"
Lu‘vc. in Valencia
Actress Naldi
Slow. in music 4’) ineffective
—— souci 45 Majorca seaport
flat-bottomed  Tear producer

vessel Prefix: at. rest.
p.959; 5”. 49 Pasture sounds
Shredded cabbage

50

52 Maestro Klemperer

5] inner portion of a
Greek temple

DOWN
Telreran sovereign
Attend
Slrapeless
living a speech to
a close
"lie —- alone"
Prefix for medic

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

(Grimm 

students. Yet Third World involvement is
nil. No concrete wall cxists. Neither do we
want anyone put in a position wlrcrc they
feel they need to beg. Any "\vlritc" con-
crete wall is due to Third World students‘
non-involvement. Speakers Forum hopes to
work with groups rcprcscnting Third World
students in improving the rcprcscntation
these groups have in Speakers Forum in
ordcr to provide a more balanced program-
ming to the diverse constituencies we repre-
sent.

    

— Mathew Landau
Chairman Speakers Forum

 

Get Published

To the Editor:

The Malian-American Student Alliance
of the State University of New York at
Albany is currently accepting submissions
to its literary magazine which will be
published this spring. Any and all members
of the university community are invited and
encouraged to contribute their works to this
publication. Poems, short stories. essays.
editorials, drawings, photographs. and any
other items of interest will be accepted.

This publication will offer you a great op-
portunity to have your’work published and
to Show your creative talents to tlrc'univcr-
sity community. We hope to be able to pro-
vide a wide variety ofcrcativc works from a
large cross-section of the university — so
don’t be afraid to offer you contributions!

The deadline for submission is April 15.
Any contributions may be brought to the
Malian-American Student Alliance's
mailbox in the Student Association offices.
Campus Center 116. if you have any ques-
tions, call Andrea at 7-5233 or Jim at
7-8788.

 

—- James M. Capozzola
President. Italian-American
Student Alliance

Shocking Crime

 

 

To the Editor:

As a law student and a recent graduate of
SUNYA i was appalled to read in the New
York Daily News that an educator and
scholar associated with the State University
was publicly endorsing the use of pain.
speciﬁcally flogging and electric shock. in

i the criminal justice system.

Associate Dean Graeme Newman of the
School of Criminal Justice has apparently
never heard of the Eighth Amendment. Dr.
Newman should also certainly be aware that
the failure of the states to administer capital
punishment without discriminating against
minorities and the poor has long been
recognized by the United States Supreme
Court. Allowing the states to administer
corporal punishment can only mean more.
much more. of the same.

Dr. Newman suggests that we
"rediscover tlrc pain part of punishment."
Perhaps he would be in favor ofa scholarly
junkct to El Salvador or irzrn to examine
their "successes" in this area.

—H. Mitchell Schuman

 

What’s In A Major?

 

To the Editor:

This lcttcr is in rcsptntsc lti rrry many
friends who wcrc uppitllcd rrl ill) dccixion to
major in a field as rrsclcss 11$ sociology. I
want to take this opportunity to prove its
usefulness ux :r liiiljtil’ lllltl more importantly
its ncccssily to our society. My most cum-
lilOIl complaint was the cxccssivc use of
“sociolt)gcsc;" that is. the language of the
sociologist which is used to impress pcoplc.

Any scicntil'ic disciplinc must tlL‘\'L‘lti|l u
terminology. This is self-evident for u
disciplinc such us . stry hin-clrcrrr tlnrt dculs
with nrartrcrs unknown to most people illltl
for which no words exist in common
spccclr. lltrwcvcr. terminology is possibly
' ' " ’».' i .r u't' .r~ 14.. -
.. \.j",‘j , t‘t‘.. , - “w ‘

 

 

 

 

'cvcn more important for the social sciences.
just because their subject matter is familiar
and just because words do exist to denote it.
Because we are well acquainted with the
social institutions that surround us, our
pcrccption of them is imprecise and often
erroneous.

Takc l'or example the concept of “class.”
There must be dozens of meanings that this
term may have in common speech —- race,
ethnic groups. income. 1.0.5 and many
others. it's obvious that thc sociologist
must have a precise. unambiguous defini-
tion of the concept if his work is to profess
any degree of scientific exactness. 1 would
contend then. that most of the sociologist 's
ncologisms are necessary.

Sociology is also a scientific study. Truc.
a sociologist's primary interest is
theoretical. but to achieve this s/hc must be
concerned with methodological and cm-
pirical questions. As a scientist, the
sociologist tries to be objective and to con-
trol personal preferences and prejudices.
Probably the most popular ofall techniques
used is statistics. which is an excellent tool
for the measurement ofconccpts. The com-
puter has also revolutionized the llcld by
making larger volumes of data available for
research and interpretation. But. dcspitc
popular myth. statistics and computers
don't constitute sociology.

Sociology can best he dcfincd us a
perspective. It gives an individual a new
angle at which to view and understand
society from behind the scenes. This i
believe is the real contribution oi' sociology:
A different way to “sec” the world. is
sociology a valid ﬁeld of study — I think
so!

   
 

  
 

—- Ryan Stanton

Who’s Who In Hockey

To the Editor:

thn we arrived in Binghamton. we
were all determined “to bring home the
bacon" for Albany. i am referring of
to the Floor Hockey Tournament held this
past weekend in Binghamton. Despite play-
ing in a foreign gym. with ridiculous rules.
and home town ofﬁciating. team Albany
made it all the way to the ﬁnals.

it must be understood that up in
Binghnmton, this tournament was viewed
as a major event. it received cxccllcnt
coverage from the Binghamton school
newspaper. The Albany team played as
hard and determined as any sports team
that l have ever witnessed.

However. upon returning to Albany, and
reading the ASP (March 30) we were all
deeply shocked and chagrincd to rcad the
story on the tournament. 1 had personally
written out a summation of thc tour~
namcnts events for the ASP'S sports editor.
What did in fact appear in the campus rag
borc little resemblance to what i told to the
ASP sports editor. if the sports people at
the ASP were making some sort of joke at
our expense. We did not find it at all amus-
ing.

For the record. the guys i had the
pleasure of playing with were the following:
John Maccaronc.Ncil erufcr. Bob Richter.
Bob Miller. Pctc l’ctrillo. Elliot Goldstcin.
Duvc Silvcrmnrr. Rich Wcstcrhcrg. Curl
Woll'son. Andy Wcinstock, .ict'f
li‘rcdcricks. Andy Martin. lvan Vogcl, Stcvc
Diprcssl. l’iurl l-‘riclich. and Art Pressman.

— Scott chul
Co-m/r/uin 1‘1 [Irony 'Iiwm

 

 

 

Bon Voyage

 

'l‘u lllt' litlitur:

ll' :iim ()lscn really feels that the mural
cmnplnccncy of the students All ulmti Illillct
is :r git-rite: cvil ilrzur the war in [El Salvador,
1 will Dilil with MilliL‘ of thy Will'ltll)‘ posses~
sions and buy him it unc-wuy ticket In that
country.

-— Iiulr l‘ricst
(‘lilxr of N77
. . .

rtr’rl"lr ‘- “  ,~...‘ 1 l

 

SUNY-1,Guv-O

Jim's a pretty typical student. He puts a 101 into his studies. and he wants to
get as much as he can out of college. He didn't have much time for outside
distractions-until he realized something. '

His university was being cut.

Not totally eliminated. but its budget was being pretty drastically reduced.

Jim’s not stupid. He recognised that he’d have to do something to back up all
the time he’d invested in his degree.

He went down to the legislature this semester and he lobbied. He told his
representatives how important SUNY is to this state. He told them how impor-
tant SUNY is to him. He told them how wrong Governor Carey was in trying to
shrink SUNY's budget. '

Know what? .lim won.

Educate

The legislature passed a budget for SUNY $79 million thicker than the
budget Carey proposed. Even if the governor vctos the budget, the legislature
will probably override that veto.

SUNY students won because a lot of people like Jim talked to their
legislators. SUNY students won because SASU organized an effective lobbying
campaign to fight the cuts.

Hats off to SASU.

Oh vcah. Hats off to Jim, too.

Can Not Compute

to growing use of computers in this country

20 growing number of computer students at this university

30 growing computer science program. too

40 massive cutback in hours computer available to computer students
50 long lines to enter computer user room

60 does not compute . . . does not compute . . . does not compute . . .

ERROR . . . ERROR . . .

 
 
  
 
  
  

Elm h 1010
Dean Bell. Ell/fol In Ctr/ll
Wayne Peer-boom, David Mum. Mlnlglng Err/Ion

News Edliot .
meet-Io New Editor-

 

..................... .. Judie Eisonboru
om:

Ashen Editor . . . . . . . . . . .

Allocllle ASPootl Editor. avid Brooke
Sound and Vision Editor . . Mll'lt Router
Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. ... Lorry Kuhn
Auocl-te Sports Editor: . Mich-at Cannon. Mark Gunner
Edlimlll Ploll Editor . . . . . . .. .. Edan Levine
Copy Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Claire Schneider

Editorial Ant-tent: Tart Kenlowitz. stall writers: Kristin. Anderson. Feleci- Berger. Ray Caligiure. Ken Cantor.
Hubert-Kenneth Dickey. Michael Dlnowltz. Jlm Dixon. Rob Edelaloln. Bill Fischer. Rani Ginsberg. Bethany Gold-
Iain. Knn Gordon. Siam Gonuott. Larry Hackel. Marc Haspel. Stephen Inlald. Dabble Judge. Mitch Koliler, Craig
Marks. Jon Milne. Susan Mllllq-n. Dobbin Mltlmun. John Moran. Carol Nowhousa. Madeline Pucuccl. Steven
Popper. Bub-r- Riaaivato. Man: Schwavz. Lisa Strain. Larry Waiaam-n. Stall cartoonists: Bob Eunboe. Steven
thnn. Spectrum and Events Editor. Entay Camplal. Zodiac and Prvview Edllor. Llu Sir-Install Emerituu: Bob
Bnllellorn. Storm A. Groonbma. Rob E. Grubmnn. Sylvia Saunders. Birth Solar. Joann Walnar.

Bonnie Slovene. Business Manager
Janet DrIliuu, Advartlslng Man-gal
David Neill leko, Sales Manager

Hady Brodar. Judy 9. Santa. Karen Serdoil
. . Arlene Kailowllz
.. Jennifer Block
. . Mule Garbarino

Billing Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Payroll Supervisor . . .
Ollice Coordinator

Cllulilld Manager
Compo-tllon Man-g . . . . .. .. . Molina Wauormen

Advarllllng SIIII: John Troiunn. An , lllhasl. . Advertising Production
Managers: Susan Kaptnn. Diannn Glucoln. Advertising Production: Rani Ginsberg. Mindy Horowitz. Susan
Pnurimnn. Mnllarm Wassniman. Ottice Stall: Jenni Gulh. Patricio Hanrmnr. Allen McDarmoll. Mary Ellen Murphy.
Judy Tami

  
 
  
   
     

Jack Din-chino. Ploduclian Manager
Ann Hach. Assoc/ate Produclinn Manager

      

Chlol Typewttar .. .. .. . ... Cathie Ryan
VartlcnlCnmera . .. .... . . . . . . . . . . l . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Blil Bonlita
Panto-up: Lori Cor‘ru .Carlu Sumt. Typlu .Joycn Balk. Lynda Bunvmtulo. llua Benin. Carol Bury. Mary Duggan.
Eilznbnttr iii-ulna", Virginia Hubni. Mann Gurburlrro. Joanna Gultrlrvislnnvo. Suplurnbnr Klnln. Saratyn Lovlne. Zari

SIaltl.CiInulluut: Mnrthn Hnlnni

 

Photography. Slurp/tori principally by iim‘vorslly Pholo SWVICG

Chlnt Photographer: Mun: Hmrsctrul, UFS Stall: Deva Astmr. Luum ilustrck. Alan Catnrn. Kari \Jiun. Amy Cation.
Shriny (erhun. David ttuusnn. David Lunulstut. Lots Mirttubonl, M in Murrtln. Sun Mlnrtictr, Man Nniaon. Sum:
sruinkrirnp. Wumrn Stoul. Manly Wuicou. Gail Watson, WIII \‘tirr'm . .

lltrl Alurrny Strident Pmss Is publish-sit (wrva Tunsduy nun Fridm minim ttrn school your by U» .Klllﬂll)’ Student
Press Ctilililldllull. on Iruiripunrtunt unto: protlt corporation. E-‘Il v13 um wriltnn by that '1..r in Chief with
urnrntiurs oi ttm Editorial Board; pulley Is sutrluct to rrrvmw by tilr't lilCl’lﬂl Board. Adwrrlmrni r nllcy dot-rs not

nncnssrmly rrrttnct nrlttorlui policy.

Malling uddrnse.
Albany Student Pines. CC 320
1400 Washington Avu.
Albany. NY 12222
(518) 45768923322132)“

 

 

   

i
r
l

 

 

 

 

