 

 

is. .

i
i
l
i

 

 

 



r.

r

t I

ii

i

i

i

i

3

i

i.

ii

i

l

i:

i

’1" 4
x

g /

.1
if;
5 .
A l
“l
i

i.
.

 

Heart patient Improving

Sal! Lake ClIy
(AP) Barney B. Clark has begun leg exercises that doctores
hope will have the recipient of the world's first permanent
artiﬁcial heart taking a step or two in the next few days.

With two hoses linking his mechanical heart to the air
compressor that powers it, the 6l-year-old retired dentist
sat up Sunday. dangled his feet over the side of the bed and
kicked his legs gently back and forth for five minutes. ac
cording to a spokesman for the University of Utah Medical
Center.

Last Wednesday. Clark had irregular rhythms in his bad

ly diseased natural heart and was so near total failure that.
doctors rushed him into the operation room ahead of
schedule for the pioneering surgery.
“We are now beginning to rebuild his muscle strength and
hope to have him standing and perhaps taking a step or two
in the coming days." said Dr. Lyle Joyce. who assisted Dr.
William C. DeVries in the implant surgery.

The exercise will be repeated at least four times a day.

"He told me he would like to stand up and stretch. but
he just didn't think he could do it yet." Joyce said.

Clark remains in serious but stable condition. His blood
pressure, temperature and circulation of blood all were nor-
mal Sunday, and doctors were particularly pleased by the
reduction in free hempolobin -— damaged red blod cells.

Dr. Chase Peterson: university vice president of health
sciences. said the level Thursday was 560. but it had drop-
ped by Sunday to 16. The 560 level was due to damage caus-
ed by the heart-lung machine used during surgery. he said.

“This is a good sign that there isn't damage being done"
to the blood by the artificial heart. he said. The doctors also
were pleased there has been no pneumonia or wound int'ec
tion. common post-operative'complications. Cl

Economic growth hampered
Ithaca. N. 1’.

(AP) A group of prominent economists predicted that the
nation's economy will recover in l983. but that growth will
fall far short of rates recorded after other recessions.

The economists. members of the Conference Board's
Economic Forum. which meets annually to examine the na-
tion's economic forecast. said the real gross national pro-
duct was expected to grow by only 2.7 percent. down from
about 6 percent this year.

Economic growth in the coming year would be hampered
by continuing high interest rates and a federal budget
deﬁcit of $170 billion to $180 billion. the forum said in a
report.

Forum members said their muted optimism for i983
reflected their concern over the future path of ﬁscal and
monetary policy. An easing of interest rates. they said. re-
quired an accommodative Federal Reserve policy. subdued
economic recovery and reduced inflation rate.

“Money market rates are seen falling to just under 8 per-
cent. an it percent or slightly lower prime rate is expected.
and the yield on AA corporate bonds should settle in the
neighborhood of 10.75 percent." said Norman Robertson.
a forum member and senior vice president and chief
economist of the Mellon Bank.

“Before the end of next year. however. the decline in
rates will probably have run its course and a ﬁrming trend
can be expected in response to the qiiickening pace of
business activity and the Treasury's enormous borrowing
requirements." he said.

He warned that “a return to single-digit. long-term in-
terest rates is unlikely iintil such time as the ballooning
federal budget deficit has been brought under effective con-
trol and investors are convinced that economic policy can
successfully combine reasonable price stability along with
strong gains in output. 1 3

Student loans unpaid

Washing/0n D. C.
(AP) The government said today it has discovered that
46.860 current or retired federal workers owe it nearly $63
million in unpaid student loans.

Education Secretary T.H. Bell told a news conference he
is launching a crackdown that will lead to garnishing the
workers’ wages in early 1983 unless they pay back the loans.

Sen. Charles q . Percy. R-lll.. who sponsored the Debt
Collection Act that President Reagan siged in Oct. to allow
the government to withhold the wages from student loan
defaulters, said. “This is nothing less than a slap in the face
to every taxpayer in this country."

Percy. appearing with Bell. said in a statement that the

46,860 defaulters “have had their good lives made possible -

by the generousity of the American taxpayers. They foot
the bill for these federal workers' education."

Bell said his department checked it list of 800.000 student .

loan defaulters against records of 10.3 million current or
former federal employees. including the military. ’
The computer match turned up the names of 46.860 pre-

 

 

Chanukah celebration

Celebrate Chaiiukah with JSC-Hillel Thursday.
December 9. 9:30 pm. in the Campus Center Ballroom.
Holiday food. music. games. and gifts will be provided.

Tickets are Si .50 for JSC-Hillel members. $2.00 for tax
card holders. and $2.50 for all others.

The event is sponsored by Chapel House Committee
and JSC-Hillcl.

 

Writers of the world unite

Journalists and critics of journalism from China.
Yugoslavia. France. ltaly and Nigeria will join veteran
American dissenting journalist. James Aronson. at
SUNYA on Wednesday. December 8. 7:30 pm. in
Humanities 354. The panel will be discussing. "The
American Press—As the Rest of the World Sees Us."

The forum discussion has been arranged by SUNYA‘s
Journalism Program and College of Huniamitics and Fine
Arts.

For further information. call William Rowley at
457-3951 (7-8434 or 861-6632).

sent or former federal employees. who are holding 50.393
defaulted loans. with some having skipped out on more
than one loan.

The loans were made under the Guaranteed Student
Loan. National Direct Student Loan. Federal insured Loan
and Defense Student Loan programs. i l

Corning transferred to ICU

. Baslun
(AP) Albany Mayor Erastus Corning ii. 73. has been
transferred to the intensive care unit of University Hospital
in Boston after developing pneumonia. according to a
hospital spokesman.

Corning; suffering from chronic emphysema anti bron-
chitis. is in stable condition. said Owen J. McNamara.
director of informational services at University Hospital.

"The mayor developed pneumonia on Friday. Dec. 3
with symptoms of shortness of breath and a low-grade
temperature. He was electiver transferred to tne medical
intensive care unit on Sunday afternoon for the purpose of
closer monitoring." said McNamara.

“He remains awake, alert and relatively comfortable."
said McNamara. “it is expected that he will be transferred
back to the respiratory care center in it couple of days."

Corning has been a patient at the hospital's respiratory
care center since Oct. 6. McNamara said that he has been
making “significant progress."

Dr. Bary Make. director of the respiratory care center.
said “this kind of situation is not expected to interfere with
the mayor's rehabilitation program. except that it may add
to his period of hospitalization."\said McNamara. ll

Lame-ducks face gas tax

Washington D. (7.
(AP) Spurred by a steadily rising unemployment rate. the
lame-duck Congress is moving ahead this week on Presi-
dent Reagan's recommended gasoline tax increase for
highway repairs with Democrats pushing for billions more
in other jobs initiatives.

Just three days after the government re, ‘rted the 4

nation's jobless rate reached a 41-year high of ii' ‘ percent
in November. the House was voting this afternoo' ca rais-
ing the federal gasoline tax by a nickel to 9 cents to ﬁnance
$5.5 billion worth of highway. bridge and mass transit
repairs.

' Administration officialscstlmatedhc 'p‘rbgririri will ensue '

 

 
   
  

Out for blood

The American Red Cross Bloodmobilc will be an ‘
SUNYA Thursday. December 9. in the Campus Center 1
Ballroom. from l0 am. to 4 pm. The visit is sponsored ;
by Delta Sigma Pi.

All potential blood donors are urged to preregistcr with
Delta Sigma Pi. in the Campus Cetiter. prior to the day of

the bloodmobile.

Happy feet party

Eba Dance Theatre will be given a beneﬁtparty from 4 to
6 pm. today in Quintessence art-deco night club in
Albany. 5
"Welcome Home. eba" will offer all donors unlimited ‘
drinks. hot and cold hors d'oeuvres and entertainment by 1
Bridget Ball. Christopher Shaw and other top Cupiiril I
District performers. 
Tickets are $10 and may be purchased at Quintessence. [
New Scotland Avenue at Dana Avenue. or the aim
Chapter House. Hudson Avenue near Lark Street.

Criss-crossmg colloqurum .

Dr. Ronald Kershner of Sterling-Winthrop Research 
institute will present a statistics colloquium "Topics in 1
Cross-Over Designs" on Wednesday. December 8. at 3:30 :
pm. in Room 152. _ r

Crossover designs are often optimal repeated measures l
designs in simple setting where variation among snmplirig i
units and where the duration of treatment effect is sltort 
relative to the length of the treatment period.

Picture this

SUNYA‘s Camera Cltib will be holding a meeting.
Wednesday. December 8. at 6:30 pm. in CC. 361. t

The meeting will discuss classes. critiques. darkroom .
facillies. contests and demonstrations.

l70.000jobs in construction industries and another 150,000
jobs indirectly related to the constrrrctiori projects.

Also included in the legislation arc provisions to force the
owners of bigger trticks to pay more highway user taxes in
exchange for liberalized restrictions on truck sizes and
weight.

While having bipartisan support from leaders in both
houses of Congress. the legislation faces what House Ways
and Means Committee Chairman Dan Rostcnknnskl.
i)-ill.. said would be “lively debate."

"It's a controversial piece of legislation. as most
measures to raise taxes are." said Rep. Barber B. Coiitiblc
Jr. of New York. the top Republican on the tax-writing
Ways and Means Committee and a supporter of the
measure.

Conablc conceded it is “a tax on conirnutitig to work 
btit i don‘t know how you avoid it. "The only alici’llitliVL‘
for financing the needed repairs “is to borrow money."

Rep. Henry Rcuss. D-Wis.. chairman of the congrc»
sional Joint Economic Committee. attacked the gtisolinc
tax. saying it "would fall heavily on those who must corri-
niutc to work. it would contribute to inflation. it would
redistribute income unfairly across regions and erode the
tax bases of the states."

U.N. panel releases report

New York

(AP) A UN. group of experts has concluded there is “cu
cumstantial evidence” biit no definite proof to support
U.S. allegations that the Soviet Union and its allies have us
ed chemical weapons in Afghanistan and Southeast Asia.

The report by the four-man panel. released here Mondui‘
by Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar. said that
while the symptoms reported by “alleged victims" wctc
consistent with exposure to highly poisonous mycotoxiris. it
could not be determined whether this resulted from
chemical attacks “or could be attributed to natural
causes."

The panel. unlike the U.S. State Department. did not
identify the alleged users of the chemical poisons.

Gary Crocker. a State Department official in
Washington. said in a telephone interview that despite be-
ing noncommittal. the U.N. panel had done “ a lot of work
that supports our conclusion."

The United States has charged that the Soviets had used
toxins. and other poisonous chemicals. against lslamic
guerrillas in Afghanistan and had supplied such Weapons to
their Vietnamese and Laotian allies. engaged in their 0W"

' 'counierlinsurgency conﬂicts.

 
 
 

 

CW:'- . .> »

DECEMBER 7, I982 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

 

Freedom fighter Wallenberg suspectedalive

3“ ‘leﬁ'. EE§E§L

( 'Iuinis iVu/lclrht'rgnriifgftl he ulftEmm m"

 

 

By David Michaelson

S friFF WRITER

 

Since Raoul Wallenberg disappeared
front Budapest. Hungary. in January of
1945. innumerable inquiries have been
made to the intractable Soviet government
over his fate. Wallenberg is credited with
saving as many as 100.000 chs earmarked
for Nazi extermination camps.

President Vincent O‘Leary‘declared last
Thursday as a day to remember Raoul
Wallenberg. That same day. President of
the Raoul Wallenberg Committee of the
United States. Rachel liaspel. spoke in the
Campus Center Ballroom on the
achievements of Wallenberg and the conti-
nuing evidence that be may still be alive
deep in the Soviet prison system.

Wallenberg arrived iii iiudupest in July.
I944. He was appointed by the Writ
Refugee Board to suic the last remaining
Jewish community iti liuropc from “the
filial solution." and he worked under the
auspices of the Swedish government.

“lie was convinced he littti to begin (sav-

ing Jch) the minute he arrived." Haspel
explained. She said he worked ingeniously
and untiringly in his efforts.

Wallenberg designed and distributed the
Swedish protective passport to the
Hungarian Jews. Haspel explained. He was
authorized to pass out 5.000 of these
:locuments but instead passed out 25.000.
She said these impressively emblazoned
documents effectively protected these Jews
from Eiclirnan‘s S.S. guards and their
iiimgriritin cohorts.

Wallenberg rented 32 apartment houses.
raised the Swedish flag over them. and used
them as safe houses for the siteltering of
.lcws. llaspcl continued.

ilaspcl described how Wailenburg used‘
climb atop cattle cars crammed with Jews
headed towards exterrriinrition camps. lie
would shout down through the nirhole to
the passengers. risking if tiny of them had
ptipcrs written in it foreign language. Then
he would convince the (icrruan guurds that
these were criiigrutioii docuirients pro-
Iiibiting their arrest. “That‘s how powerful

his personality was." Haspel said. “They
(the guards) were afraid of him."

"Jews were given hope in this grim. dark
time." she added. “But unfortunately.
there is a dark side to this story."

in January of 1945. when the Red Army
entered Budapest. Wallenberg was taken by
them into protective custody. “He was
lost.” i-laspcl said. She hypothesized that
capitlstically oriented Wallenberg plan to
integrate Jews back into Hungarian society
was idealistically unpalatable to the vic-
torious Soviets. in addition. it is believed
that Wallenberg was accused of being a spy
lfor the West. back in those days of Stalinist
excesses.

in response to Swedish inquires over
\‘l’rillcnberg's fate. the Soviets originally
sriid lllill Wallenberg was killed by Fascist
agents iii 1945. And for 12 years after that.
iluspcl explained. the Soviets refused to
acknowledge llicy lind ever even liciird of
him.

iiut ul'tcr Stalin died. released prisoners

7b

 

 

Karen i’lrnzzi
SDIII' li‘RIll;It

iiictit and improvement of various cotiiiiiitlces.

 

Albany.

the agreement.

 

A Ilii‘CC-yciil‘ contract was rtttificd Nov. 1 by the United
University Professions. the SUNY faculty and non-
tcriclting professionals union, with slightly over 84 percent
of the vote favoring the new contract. according to Titn
Reilly. chicf negotiator for UUP and English professor at

The contract includes an across-tlic-board pay raise of
nine percent the first year. retroactive to July 1. 1982. and
eight percent for the following two years.
system will be developed whereby the state will witliold
two weeks pay from each employee for the first year of
This money will be refunded to the
employee when he leaves state service. Reilly said.

A one million dollar ti year disparity fund is included
0 allow SUNY rind UUI’ to identify and correct some of
he discretionary inequities cxistant iii pay. According to
Reilly. this is a crucial factor because the state does not
provide any vehicle for the monetary reward of merit or
money to increase the salary of valuable employees.

The contract further outlines provision for the develop-

A pay ltig

triict.

described one newly—formed committee. the Professional
Development and Quality of Work Life Committee. ilc
said this group will receive appropriations of 8500.000 ii
year to innovate professional iitiprovcrncnt progrnrns.
workshops. and possible on-cnnipiis driy care centers.

To aid in the relocation and retraining of employees.
stiid Reilly. a statewide Continuity of Employment pro-
grum has been csiablishcd.
rcccivc ftiiiditig of $500.000 per year.

The dental and llL‘tllili programs have been improved to
provide a “non-deductible plan (to pay fees) that are
often double and in some case. higher" than the previous
plaii. according to literature by UUP explaining the con-

According to Reilly. {ill new programs went into im—
mediate cfl‘cct tipon rtttificution.
Legislature niust puss it pay bill when it rccorivcncs in
January before any programs or committees involving tip-
propriuliuns can tzikcclil'cct. Reilly tissurcd that "iis is on-
ly ti l'ornitility us the contrith hits ttlt'cndy ht‘t'il prontiscd
pzissugc by static negotiators.

UUP contract ratification includes salary hike

Reilly

This corruriittcc will also votes.

However, the State
dcgrcc.

tlicir cotitruct.

John Ryan. UUP field representative. said the union
anticipates the pay raises specified iii the contract will be
included in paychecks its early as the first quarter of 1983.

The UUP represents ribout 17.000 professionals on the

‘ 32 SUNY campuses SUNY campuses across the state. Of
these. only 12.000 arc card-carrying members and are
‘cligible to vote. Approximately 60 percent turned out to
vote. totaling 5.920 affirmative votes and i098 negative

The voting breakdown iii SUNYA is utidctcrminablc
because the ballot was statewide. said Ryan. the union
members at Albany were for the contract by as large a ma-
jority as the rest of the state. "My impression is that at-
titudes on the Albaniy campus are just as strong. if not
stronger for the contract because Tini Reilly. the chief
negotiator. is otic of their faculty." Ryan also added that
the contract should affect cacti campus to the same

Rcilly stressed the fact that “the real day-to-day work
of ii ruiion is enforcing the contract. Through this process
the union “will ticchop ii package for negotiations" for

 

Ill

 

 

 

‘ 'lmnm‘cttesmimm mu m

Nakhlch urges Palestine freedom at any cost

By Bob Gardinier
I;I)Il‘()RI.‘tl. .-t.. . 'AN'I'

 

 

 

in a fiery speech to a tense audience in
LC 1 Monday night, Khalil Nakhlch.
spokesman for the PL().dcnounccd lsracl's
Jutic invasion of Lebanon and declared that
the PLO will go to arty cxtetit. ever.
military. to gain independence.

Nakhlch is a teacher of anthropology at
St. Johns University in Collegeviilc. Min-
nesota. arid has been recently conducting
research on the Palestinian and Arab
populations in israel.

“The PLO calls for a democratic and a
secular state that is nonracist." The PLO
will go to any means to attain these ends.
Nakhlch said. .

“The PLO has every right its the
representatives of the Palestinian people to
rise political and military means to achieve
Palestine liberation." declared Nakhlch.
But he added that he did not condone the
“attack on Jews because they are Jews”.
The PLO would accept a stztte of co-
existence with Jewish people or any other
people. he said.

To date. the PLO has l‘CjCCiL‘d all peace
plans put forth by the U.S.. in regards to
this Nakhlch stiid that the PLO will cuti-
tiniic to reject all pcacc plans that do not
recognize the Palestinian people's right to
autoniony. “Why have the Palestinian peo-

plc always been refugees?“ he asked. Now -

they are refugees once again, it people
without a home. he said.

According to Steven l-iilscnrz'uii. presi-
dent of the Revisionisl Zionist Alternative.

‘ Nziklilch‘s coiripromising portrayal of the:

PLO is wrong. Hilscilfttlll said that. “lie
failed to mention the bombing in Ecuador

.. i rill‘l r. Ii..i.Ll r. tit l.|-f~ii Li

 

lust week that killed two people illltl the ()c-
tobcr bombing of ii Jewish synttgougc in
Rome." lti both incidents the PLO litis
claimed responsibility, according to
l-lilscnrath.

Nakhlch said that lsracl’s move to rout
the PLO from Lebanon failed and now the

PLO is it) it state of lluidity — the
Palestinian people have not bccn destroyed
and are more determined." Nakhlch went
on to accuse the government of lsracl of be-
ing a racist state because of their tendencies
to want to eliminate the PLO. Nakhlch
feels that there is no doubt that the PLO

 

MEDITERRANEAN SEA

cover
it. .ili'si‘i

 

   
        

 ARAIJM " \

REDSEA ‘ '1    ' 

i

 

iti‘|.l'*':'*j‘l i

 

 

flfl lv

IQIV’I'Ir'rI'JI'I‘IIII‘.‘tlll Isl

'l ir,--._. v -t(. if, ,i...

tiid the Palestinian people are one and the
same. "Any uttcmpis tr crush the PLO will
have to eliminate Ptilc Iinian people." he
said.

llilscill’tllll said thzu the move into
Lebanon by lsracli orccs should have
routed the PLO bit' the government of
lsrttcl yielded to U.S. pressure. As a result.
he feels that the effort was probably in vain.

The U.S. is not interested in helping the
PLO attain independence for the Palesti-
nian people, according to Nakhlch. The
reason he claimed was that lsraci is a "cori-
diiit for American arms to third world
countries". and as siich is in better favor
with the U.S.

Orte Palestinian in the audience reacted
to the tense atmosphere between the Jews
and Palestinians saying. "Can the past be
forgotten. can anything come out of this
controversy?" But in regards to his people
he said. "We are not talking about an equal
situation. We are looking at a group ofpco-
pie who cannot live in peace."

Nakhlch said that petitions are being for-
warded in the attempt to secure the release
of 7.000 to 10.000 Palestinian prisoners of
war that have been held without charges by
israei government.

According to Dr. Steven Windmuellcr.
Executive Director of the Greater Albany
Jewish Federation. the fact that the PLO
has not been completely routed is not as im-
portant as the fact that "Now the Lebanese
people are air a [mill of sclf~dctcrittination
that they have not experienced in seven or
eight years."

M iii.“ ’r ~‘ , nWindnittcllet'i .said i that ;hct was in‘

Southern Lebanon this past summer and he
. . . . t he . .

Ill .r r ‘il-f‘lttv' ,u.‘

r .. .. r .
'- '1't" ‘ »‘~ lat: A‘shr. .

 

'w

