 

..- Am._..-._-_..__e...~ -......_.

Amnest international

 

World Repression!

 

leg Rock

 

it is typical for those of us who live and
work in a college environment to take for
granted the fact that we can say what we
want without fear of suppression or im-
prisonment. Yet in many nations where the
right to dissent is denied. the academic
community. which thrives on new ideas and
a variety of viewpoints. has become a
natural target for repression. Amnesty in-
ternational. tlte Nobel Prize-winning
human rights organization. is deeply con-
cerned about the plight of students and
teachers who are being imprisoned without
trial and. often. tortttred for peacefully es-
pressing their beliefs.

An all too common scenario is illustrated
by the case of Didonka Wa Laminisha. an
outspoken professor of weird sciences at
the University onaire. On March 26. Witt.
Professor Didonka was arrested arid taken
to the headquarters of Zairc's rtational
security police. when: he was reportedly
questioned about his links with other
Zttircan dissidents. Didonka is reported to
ltave been tortured so badly tltat he lost
consciousness. Nine months later he is still
beittg held irtcontntimicado witltout charge
or trial.

It. Sotitli Africa. govcrrititctit repression
of academics often takes the form of barin-
ing orders, which are imposed for no
specific reason by tlte Minister of Justice.
who is answerable to no one. All banning;
orders ltavc certain common features.
which. in combination. render arty form of
acadentic study impossible. For instance.
banned people may not be quoted irt public
or private. attend any meeting of more tltan
two people for a commonpurpose. go out-
side their magisterial district. or enter an
academic instituition.

Sedick lsaacs, a distinguished academic,
was tirst restricted under a two year bann-
ing order in September I977, when he was
released from prison after completing a
twelve-year sentence for a political offense.
The banning order was renewed in
September l979--this time for a five year
period. Mr. lsaacs has been unable to find
suitable employment or to continue study-
ing for a doctorate in mathematical
statistics. His repeated applications for per-
mission to leave Tygerberg (the district to
which he is restricted) to seek work.‘and his

applications for relaxations to enable hint
to study have all been refttsed. Sedick
tsaacs irt now forty. is married. and has a
small cltild.

Under Article 133 of Yttgoslavia's cori-
stitution, artyone who depicts socio-
political conditions in a "false' and
malicious" martner can be imprisoned for
up to teti years. Tluts it was that [)uhroslav
l‘ar'aga. tl [9-year-old Yugoslavian law stu-
dent. was arrested on charges of “hostile

 

 

A Worthy Cause

To the Editor

i recently got involved with the campus
network of the organization of Amnesty lrt-
ternational. I believe it is a group of which
the ttrtiversity should be proud and I want
to commend the members on their pursuit
of basic human rigiits and their actions to
stop torture artd unjust imprisonment.

I‘ve found it to be a group of people that
tlo much more than just sit around and
shake their heads — they act. Its most
dedicated members are not involved for
their won glorification bitt out ofa real feel-
ing for the cause arid do at least as rnticlt
footwork as organizing. They are really in-
terested in each members input. something

 

propaganda" on November 21. Witt). A
few days before. he had signed a petition to
the Yugoslav State Presidency which called
for an amnesty for all political prisottcrs.
stating that amnesty “would be a solid
foundation for the creation of an at-
tiiosplicre of nrtttttrtl trust and dialogue and
would be in the gettcral interest of society."
l’artiga was held without trial for six mori-
tlts before he was scrttericcd to three years
of imprisonment. His crime was that he had
sigrted and ltclpcd to organize the petition
attd that he has alleged to be in contact with
a political critigrc.

Amnesty international is also working
for tlte release of Gustavo Westerkamp. a
28-year-old economics slttdcrit at the
University of Bucnos Aircs. On October 2|.
W75. Sr. Westcrkantp was sci/ed by Argen-
tinian police. apparently for the peaccfttl
expression of his lcl'twing views. Today.
over six years later. he is still being held
without cltargc or trial in the ntost inhuman
of conditions. ltc has been forbidden to
take arty physical exercise. has spent a
winter itt art unheated cell where the
tcritpcratttrc rotttirtely fell to -lt) degrees
cclsius. and is repeatedly tortured. botli by

' brutal beatings arttl by electric shocks. The

Argentinian government‘s explanation of
Sr. Wcstcrktimp's detcrttiort is that lie is “at
the disposal of tire National Executive
power." Under the Argentinian constitu—
tion. prisoners fit this category may opt for
csilc rather than lace indefinite dctetttion.
Yet even though Sr. Westerkamp applied
for this optiott early in 1976 and was
granted it. his “right of option" was
suspended after the Marclt 1976 coup. It
has since been revived in a restricted form.
bttt all Sr. Westerkamp‘s subsequent ap-
plications have been refused without ex-
plariation.

Shocking though the plight of these peo-
plc is. it‘s easy to dismiss the human rights
problemas being somebody clsc‘s concern.
What. after all. cart the average citi/cn
without international connections or
political power do to ltclp prisoners of cons-
cience irt distant countries? In fact, quite a

lot. ‘l'hrough Amnesty lrtternalional. hurt--
-dreds of thousands of private citizens

arottrtd the world are working to free
prisoners of conscience and stop torture
arid executions.

The U.S. section of Amnesty interna-
tional has set tip a Campus Network
whereby students. faculty and staff of U.S.
collcges and universities cart act together to
warn offending goverrttrtcnts that they are
aware of and concerned about liitiitatt
rights violations. Members of camptts
groups write letters. organize petitions and
publicity events on behalf of individual pri-
sioncrs artd educate their campus communi-
ty about ltuntan rights. '

Mentbers of the academic commttnity
also participate in the Urgent Action Net-
work. which enable telegrams and airmail
letters to be sertt on behalf of prisoners in
urgent need — tltosc bcirtg tortured. facing
execution or in need of itnmediate medical
attention. The Urgertt Action Network rc-
quircd a minimum of a few ntittutcs each
rrtoritlt. It can and does save lives and free
men. women and children unjustly im-
prisoned. '

For further information oti how to get in-
volved in Amttesty lnternational‘s Campus
Network or Urgent Action Network. please
write:

Amnesty international U.S.A.
Western Regional Office
36l8 Sacramento
San Francisco. CA 94l IS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"‘7 x

Letters.

k» 0
which I have not found irt too many campus
groups —— wltcrc there often seem to he a
clique of leaders ttnd an unbreakable hierar-
clty.

lts activities inclttdc responding to
Urgent Action Appeals (cotttainiug infoi»
mation on prisoners whose lives are irt irn-
ntincnt danger). briitging in speakers and
getting films on countries with great human
rigltts violations. organizing students to at-
tend iitformative conferences such as one
on torture held at Amherst last fall. and it Is
now in the process of planning the hosting
of a state-wide campus network conference.

l‘ve found my involvement with this
group to be a very rewarding experience
artd i hope many others will join and
discover the feeling of integral participation
in such a worthy cattsc.

  

—Iilis.s'a Stein

 

Teacher Tenure

 

To the Editor:

This letter addresses the small. sccntingli
insignificant box appearittg on the front
page of the (March 2) ASI’.Thc article itt
questiort pertained to the recommendation
against the granting of tentirc to political
science professors .Iuditlt liner and lltttce
Miroff. by the President’s Advisory Board.
Student groups publically denounced the
decision. assuming the politics of the pro-
fessors involved was the ovcrriditig factor
behind the board's suggestion.

Thirty years ago this nation suffered
through one of its ritost disntal eras; lite
McCarthy era. Subsequently ottr highest
court began to recognize precisely what
democracy represents: why ottr founding
fathers thought it necessary to write the Bill
of Rights. The fundantcntrtl freedom to esr
press your beliefs. political. social.
religious. no matter how irregular they may
be. is one of the most precious in the land.
Punisltirig two professors for their
“leftists” beliefs is a nterc throwback to the
days of Joe McCarthy.

if any riiernbers on the Advisory Board
ever bothered to attend one of Dr. Bacr's
classes. their amazement would register iltts
mediatcly. She is one of the most thought
provoking professors on the university
staff. Never espousing her views. Professor
Baer. through the thorough knowledge of
her topic. is easily able to debate botit sides
of any issue. Students. like myself. come
prepared in order to participate iii the often
vocal debates dtiring class. The same is true
of Dr. Miroff.

If this ttttiversity pushes out two par e\~
cellettce professors as [later artd Miroff. a
great blow would be dealt to this
university's student body.

—-l.ori Cohen

 

Miles Between Sexes

To the Editor:

After reading the article (February 26) in
the ASP entitled “liqual htit Separate" i
seriously began pondering the lilciztt)
worth of a publication which allows a col-
tirrirtist such as John Miles to prirtt an csstt)’
on a subject when it is painfully obvious he
knows absolutely nothing about tltc subject
of which he is writing.

Miles begins his essay with the appuilillt!
plirnse.“Apparently it's time to rethink
feminism." I find this an incredibly
ridiculous statement coating front a man
who has not yet “thought” ferriirtistti.
from here the validity of this essay plani-
ritets. Miles broadly states that women (eat-
ntng art average of 59 cents to every titans
dollar) balancing a “prosperous career”
with a family are now looking for new and
Improved ways to assert their liberation.
lit/ell! i must thank Miles for the informal»
tron that my personal battle for cuttnlily i‘v
over. And t. after taking Women’s Studies
classes for two years was triidcr the misguid—
ed impression that my brittle for equality
hud Just begun. Silly me. Of course. when
one views fighting for the right to have n

 

 

 

- “inn-m». "is, 1 “a...ng . .....—. .-..

.__, ,.........v - ..

 

-w-.-..._....‘ can“... n... arms-w»: "mm-v.2.

 

 

wti.’

    

g. ;.

 

 

FREE

First Class

SPECTS 

 

PnbllIh-d Isl-wuth It IMIO w-IIIIIII‘DII Avenue. Albany. New York. IZZZZ. For Inn. Th-I'I vlnhl. Inc. You
want It mulled? Buy an envelope. ..

COPYRIGHT. 1982. BY ASPECTSCO. INC.. ALL RIGHTS DESERVED

 

Vol.1 No.1

Albany. Friday. March 27. 1982

8 Pages

 

‘SPEX DIX PIX

 

Rossier Sees
“Reds” As
Oscie Shoe-In

By MARK ROSSIER

Once again. Oscar time has
rolled around and with it the an-
nual attempt to second guess the
Academy. This is. as everyone
knows. a virtually impossible task
because the voters are not exact-
ly one of America's most logical
or consistent groups. Who. for
example. woud have sus ected
that Richard Dre fuss cou d ever
win over Richar Burton or that
Rocky would be voted Best Pic-
ture in a year that saw All The
President’s Men and Network
among the nominees? Not only
are these decisions unjust. the
border on the absurd: suc
choices are not the work of ra—

 

 

gtional human beings, therefore

making accurate predictions ex-
ceptionally difficui. Keeping all
this in mind. here we go into the
choices or 1 2.

ideally. id like to start with the
secondary awards and move up—
tvard, just as Monday ni hts
telecast will, but since voters ase
balloting in tltese categories on
their Best Picture choices. that is
the logical place to be in.

if anything but Re 5 gets the
big award. it will be a major
upset. This movie has everything
a Best Picture ought to: a large
budget. long running time. good
box office (though not artsy) air
about it. Only two things could
hold Reds back. Warren Beatty's
general unpopularity’and its left—
wing political stance. Though the
film is far from a lorification of
Communism it mtg it still be a lit-
tle too “red” for Hollywood‘s
blood.

in the event of a Reds
backlash. On Golden Pond
would be the most likely benefac—
tor. Chariots of Fire would be a
better choice. but its lack of actin
nominations will definitely wors
against it. Raiders of the Lost Ark
is too Commercial and Atlantic
City isn’t commercial enough for
either to merit serious constdera-
tion. Golden Pond is a bi hit. it is
sentimental and it is iota ly_non-
controvcrsial——charactcrtsttcs
that the Academy also puts a
high value on.

 

(continued on page 4a)

STRONG FAVORITES IN
A WEAK YEAR

“What a cute tush it has! Just like my husband Oscar!" exclaimed
Bette Davis. in a story you're sick of hearing and we're sick of
repeating. But that doesn't matter: Oscar means tradition. and if do-
ing something new means doing away with the old. then don't do it.
The Academy has its standards.

Today we take a few guesses what those standards meant irt
1981. Will the members give the nod to a good old adventure movie
that reflects the old Hollywood? Or will epic production values be
honored in a film of controversial politics? Will it be age over Beatty
in the Best Actor category? Will Meryl sweep? Or will Katherine
Hepburn?

We won‘t know until Monday night. But this we know. A
presenter will be crooked. a winner will turn the affair into a political
statement (watch for heavy El Salvador stuff). and there will be a
surprise acceptor for a surprise winner. The more things change. . .

 

 

FLIX

 

“Little Man
Still Goldi”,
Sez Dixon

By JIM DIXON

 

 

 

 

The annual Oscars race ets so
much attention in the me ia that
the casual observer has got to
find him or herself asking if it's
worth all the fuss. As a more than
casual observer. 1 can say that to
the people involved. and to the
film industry in general. “Yes. the
Oscars do ‘matiér." it used to be
that winnin an Academy Award
wouid doub e a performer. direc-
tor. or writer's salary. Now it
quadruples it. One year few peo-

le outside of the film industry
iiad heard of’a screenwriter nam-
ed Michael Cimino. Once he'd
won an Oscar for directing his se-
cond feature (film. The Deer
Hunter. he was given carte blan-
che at United Artists and the
result was Heauen’s Gate.

This year. there's something
terribly safe and mundane about
the nominations. but a few
choice races are hard to pick.
The bi race. for Best Motion Pic-
ture. Eowever. is easy. A rule
Oscar handicappers should
remember is that Best Motion
Picture and Best Director usually

0 together. They almost have to
t is year. because the ftve
nominees for Best Director are
the directors of the firie films up
for Best Motion Picture. Since
the voting membership of the
Director's Guild of America is
essentially the same voting
membership of the Academy
eligible to vote for Best Director.
the same filmmaker tends to win
both Director's Guild Award and
the Oscar. Warren Beatty has
alread won the Director's Guild
Awar for Reds, which sews up
the Best Director and Best Mo-
tion Picture awards for Reds.

The race for Best Actor this

car is pretty‘easy to ick as well.

he only of er time our Fon-
da has been nominated or an

Academy Award was in 1940 for
The Grapes of Wrath and he
should have won. As Fonda is
now old and in poor health. the
Academy is very likely to give
him the Oscar out of pure guilt
(After all they didn’t even
nominate him for Mr. Roberts).
- . (continued on page,4a), .

..
. "143.1.

 

 

