   

, One 

_.... .- MM-
“a n W

 

 

“‘, A ,,..._...... . l.

A

D‘s“?! r o a I A L. s’

 

 

 

simple paragraph on a sheet" of _wire

.service paper late last night made a

tense day a happy one. The paragraph

read “Lt. Gov. Mario Cuomo took a slim

lead over New York City Mayor Edward

Koch in New York's Democratic guber-
natorial primary Thursday night.”

Not only did Cuomo take a slim lead, but,

he ended the primary with a decisive victory
over Koch, the favorite in the race. ,
The fear that Koch would win was real. A
Koch victory would have been a tragedy for
SUNY. While he’s supported an increase in
TAP funding, he’s also said that Carey had
done a “bang—up job” on SUNY’s budget.
Dorm rent increases, budget cuts and all.
While stressing increased TAP funding
might sound nice, it has a muted benefit to
SUNY. According to SASU, 78 percent of
TAP money goes to private universities. in-
creasing TAP funding benefits the privates
much more than public higher education in-
stitutions.
Cuomo supports increased TAP, buthe
stresses increased subsidies for SUNY and

NY

CUNY. He’s also come out in favor of stu-
dent voting rights, requiring Faculty/Stu-
dent Associations across the state (like UAS)
to reserve at least-half of their board seats
for students, and many other important stu-
dent issues.

, We - were “particularly interested in
Cuomo’s victory because everyone expected
him to lose. Koch has always been the front
runner with the well-organized, well-

financed campaign. Cuomo’s campaign was
a rather convoluted mess ——. he won in spite
of his campaign, not because of it. Almost
all pollsters predicted a Koch victory. we
understand that even the bookies had strong
odds against Cuomo, although the odds
changed from 8 to 3 against.Cuomo a week
ago to only 5 to 3 against him yesterday.

Cuomo won the Democratic nomination
because people began to realize that Koch
would probably do to the state what he’s
done to the City.

Now Cuomo faces a challenge from so-
meone who’d probably do the the state what
Reagan has done to the country.

Days Challenge the Night

concerned people in SUNYA are tak-
ing part in various events next week to
bring‘=att_ention to women’s safety and sex-

a '5 part of a national campaign, many

ual harassment. Ranging from panel discus-.

sions to a “Women Take Back the Night”

march, these events reflect the real concern .

most people at SUNYA feel for these issues.
While few rapes are reported on this cam-
pus, every week sees attempted rapes and

»

other manifestations of violence against
women that, while less oppressive than rape,
remind us that such violence is never far
away. ‘

The Women's Safety Awareness Days are
a positive step towards agressively challeng-
ing the belief that sexual assualt and the fear
of such violence is a fact of life that should
be blindly accepted.

 

 

C O'L U M

N

 

 

in recent years we have seen the Right mobilize its forces
and dominate our nation with its inept ideas and vile
values.

Whether or not we agree with what these people are say-
ing and doing, they are both well organized and well ﬁnanc-
ed -— a combination which is dominating and destroying
contemporary Leftist thought and action.

I Robert Martiniaro

We have seen the Left play a prominent role in national
politics. Spanning the last three decades, we have seen
various Leftist-oriented groups rise to ‘ national pro-
minence, only then to fade into text book obscurity. As
obscure as these political movements are today, the need to
explore the reasons for their demise are important.

Jerry Falwell's Moral Majority (which is neither) is the
Right’s most potent force. Organizationaliy, the Left could
learn from Falwell's flock of fools. Unlike the Black Pan-
thers, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, the
Anti-nuke movement, and the Weathermen, the Moral Ma-
jority deals with a multitude of political issues. Not bound
by a single, ail-consuming issue, the Moral Majority can
and does attract more people. if one issue were to become

politically extinct for Faiwell's flock. the other issues would
still attract people. The Black Panthers lack that ﬂexibility.

Society has also contributed to the demise of these one-
issue oriented groups. We have seen the rights of the disen-
franchised, whether Blacks, homosexuals, or women, once
at the forefront of national consciousness. Current societal
values, however. have placed these rights secondary and
tertiary to social and economical needs. incorrect
prioritization, yes, but current reality. ,

 

 

Unbridled internal politics also contributed to the Left’s
downfall. Agreed, every organization does have problems
with internal politics; the Left is no different. With‘these
groups from the Left, however, these political struggles
challenged the basic philosophies upon which the groups
were founded.

Falweli’s flock, again, fails to have these problems. And
why? inherent within the Moral Majority is a hierarchy
with white males dominant, which isn't challenged: it's
God's way. Within the Left, however, leadership roles were
not well deﬁned. This’iack of role definition led to these
political power plays. (We would like to think the Left
transcended this type of politics, but we cannot.

We may believe that sexism or racism has no place within
our organization: ﬁghting societal norms can even be dif-
ficult for America’s high-flying idealists. The Weathermen
had no blacks in the inner circle of power. And sexual
politics, or bed hopping, played an important role in who
had inﬂuence and how much inﬂuence they had. Sexually.
free love is acceptable. in reality, it served little

philosophically and . politically for v the Weather .
underground. The Left. in lighting society. failed to deal

successfully with both fighting societal norms and dealing
with their respective political issues.

Philosophy and executing that philosophy has also con-
tributed to the Left's problems. We can again use Falweli's
group as an example. Historically and philosophically”
Falweil's group was founded upon those dangerous
religious tenets which make us all nauseous. Falwell then
uses these principles when developing the Moral Majority’s
responses to political questions. More importantly,
however, these principles have held fast when challenged by
current secular reality. The Left cannot say that.

We, the American Left, state our Marxist philosophy.
Marx envisioned social and economic equality. This Marx-
ism ideally fueis our organization. We then look to current
reality for an example. Not one Communist country is a
good example of what Marx intended. Falwell can make a
direct connection from the Bible to the Moral Majority,
and. ﬁnally, to his group's actions. Can the Left make a

 w

‘{ UNPYMEN
'1 ' . 

, .
e

Ra'ch MTN-
NW5 v. NEA
13:. gas

 

 

 

Revamping the American Left

continuum from Marx to the Soviet Union to a group's ac-
tions? Not likely.

Contradictions also exist in the actions of the Leftist-
oriented groups. An anti-war group professes its opposi-
tion to the Vietnam war, then bombs a Federal building. A
female in the Feminist movement fights for equality for
both sexes, then rejects males from the movement because
it is only a women’s movement. Both have happened and
still are happening. The Moral Majority makes religium
statements with religious actions. Falwell does not place his
organization on philosophically shaky ground with in-
herently contradictory statements and actions.

The three aforementioned problems have contributed to
the Left's downfall. These problems, however, are not h-
reversible, but do have to be addressed before any rational
attempt can be made to combat Falwell and his group or
any other group which limits the rights of others with m-
chalc right-wing philosophy.

l
y

   
 

 

 

 

cﬂ

spctcS

September 24, 1982

“A...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

j

 

 

 

 

q’v—

Q‘s-w» "“

~ 1.-¢‘”"~‘ »

-4..a..~._..,.., a,»

 

