    

 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  

t

t

.

:

l

.

.

l

l

r

.
a.

. .

i

i

r

t

i

r

r

'.

ll

l.

r v”

.

I.
,l
A
-

  

 

 

 

 

 

By Marc Haspel

‘ wows rut/rm

The last game of ttny season always assumes certaitr im-
portance. If a team finds itself contending for a playoff
position. then tlte importance 'of- the final gamc'is obtious.
But for a team destined to call it a season after the i'inal
seconds lick off the clock. the last gtttrre is equally impor-
tant. It's tlte game tlrat will remain etched in the team's
tnerrtory tttrtil the day the following season begitrs.

Tire Albany State (ireat Danes are otre ol' those teattrs
wltose destitty has already been established. They have
known for quite a while that tltcy will not be granted a post-
season playoff spot and hate tried' to complete the re-
ruttinticr oi' their schedule itt a successful slylc. llo\\c\cr.
last weekend. they stumbled in rltat quest losittg miserably
to the University oi' llui'falo llttlls 42-”. This weekend tltc
schedule-makers hate gitcn tlte lianes rt last chance to info
rite bitter thoughts of last week’s defeat to tile s\\ccl
memories of a season ending \ictory. The Danes host the
Marist College Red l-o\es tomorrow on llttitersity field.

"You always “ant to end on a high ttote. Ilte last gatrte is
the one you retttemhcr ttutil next season." srtitl Albatty
State ltcad football coach Ilob Ford.

“It's inrportattt to win that last one to set the Iottc for tire
next year." said assistant coach Rick I~|arrders.

Tlte Marist contest will also be tlte career littale for “\C
Albany seniors. it will be tltc last titrte that defensitc hack
Dave Ilardy. cctttet l)a\e Is'tec/ko. place kicker lorrt I irr-
coin, quarterback lorrt l'ratl uttd dcleushc back I‘tank
Quinn will he donnittg tltc Dane purple and \\ltilt' jerseys.

The Marist Red Ro\es are 2-6 this season. btrt should be
no posit-over for the 53 Danes. According to i I.tnders. in
tltrce of the losses. tlte Fovcs \\ctc irr the lrttut trrrtil tltc
very end. For csatuplc. two occks ago .tgumst Rl’l. Marist
was trailing ll-l‘). httt ltad possession with rtrtdct rt ttritttttc
left to play. I-‘os quarterback .linr ('lcary \t.'I_\ nearly com:
pleted a pass to a wide receiter standing rtlonc on rlte
Engineer three-yard litre. The reception would hate set the
Foxes up for a possible tictoty. last .‘s'untiay.thc loses tell
to Ratnapo (‘ollegc by the score Ski-l4.

Interestingly. tltc Foscs run their offense ottt of the
l'amiliar wishborte sct. Marist likes to stay on the ground

and in doing so has getterated an metagc of 22.1.6 yards on
the grorttrd. and hate passed for an rttcragc llt).‘) )tittls.
giving them a total of 334.5 yards per gatrre. I he cttlit'c of-
fensive unit is well c\pcricnccd with felt ot tltc Ii starters
returning from last season.

Cleary is the sigualcaller. the 6‘0” IND-pound junior has
thrown for 786 yards completing 56 passes itt llil attetrrpts
with seven touchdowns.

I‘He‘s their game breaker.‘ said Flanders. "He‘s a real
good runner. he can read the wishbone artd do a good
job."

Cleary demonstrated his powerul running ability t _ .tinst
Iona earlier this season. he ran 75 yards on a single play t'or

,v. ~

 

at Marist touchdown.
“He‘s got legitimate speed." added Flanders. “litcry
time he touches the ball. he can take it straight through."
The Marist fullhonse backfield consists of three seniors.
At fullback is Jim Dowd. measuring 6‘0" 210 pottnds. The
Fox halfbacks are 6' I" Mike Spawn and 5' 10" Ron Dirn—

 

mic. Dimmie's 92 carries this season have earned hitn a
school record 535 yards on the ground and siv touchdowns.

 

Excitement an

By Biff F
STAFF

 

is'eher
_.___._- .___... "iron" , ,

The college basketball season opens next Saturday itr
Springfield, Massachusetts. the birthplace ot' basketball.
when defending national champion North Carolina takes
on St. John's of the Big East. It is fitting that this newest

Around
the

rim
of seasons should open with art ACC vs, Big East mat
chup, since that is how last season ended, when North
Carolina defeated (ieorgctown l'or the national title itr one
of college basketball‘s most exciting finals. All of whiclt
leads us to the question .— why can‘t the NBA. finals

 

 

 

 

 

match the drama and est-i'etrtent of the NCAA l'inrtls‘i

Eldrama of NCAA begins soon

a

“T 7 ' 4 - ’8’?“ 1t .
 VT“. was».  at. .. v

Danes ready for Red hunt in season finale

NOVEMBER l2. I982

WILL YURMAN UPS

Detensive tackle Frank Gallo Is about to make the sack with linebacker Ed Eastman not tar behind. The
Dana defense will be looking to rebound tomorrow against Marist.

Much ol Marist's passing offense has lrtcn targeted at

junior Warren Weller. \\'el|ct. a high school teammate of

('lcaty. has caught 2| ot the passet‘s tosses tor 4i‘) yards
attd three touchdowns.

“He‘s got the potential to beat yort with the lortg pass.“
said Flanders of Weller who had a 65-yard touchdown
reception against Rl’l.

The Fox defcttshc team is the weaker ol' the two units.
Marist runs a college 4-] alignment atrd. lacking defensive
cvpcricnce this season. has given up 30 points per game on
ateragc. Further.tltcy hate allowed opponents art average
of 290 yards per game.

Tire Marist dct'cnsive litre is bolstered by two offetrsive
linemen who were convct'tcd to ticfcnsc because of a shor-
tage of personnel at the beginning ot' the season. Rick
(icntles. a 6'0“ thtpotrnd defensive end and .lim (‘rcech. a
6'0“ 2I2-pound defensive tackle hotlt trtade the snitch in
preseason.

The middle linebacker in the 4-3 is junior Iirian Sewing.
the team‘s 6'0" IDS-pound captain. “He's a real good
linebacker - good instincts and a real good hitter.”
Flanders described.

The N('AA tournament is a single elimination event.
which adds to the dratna. Some critics claim Iltat this
detracts frortr it. Iltat it is much harder for the best team to
will —— witness i)el’au|. who has lost only three garrrcs in
the last three seasons. bttt is 0-] itr NCAA play. The NBA
champion rrrttst go through at least three best-of—seten
series. so that they tttttst uirr l2 gatnes. two trrorc if they
don't firrislt first itt their division. Obviously. this cttts
down on the iL‘\ cl of drama. atrd draws the playoffs out a
great deal.

'I he Nt‘AA basically is. sirrtply. more c\ciling than the
NBA. The pros play such a lengthy. tirtre consuming
schcdttle that it is difficult to keep a close watch on all the
Icatns. With a tirird as trrarry games as the NIIA. each col-
lege game means that nrtrclr more. arid the more each
game means. the ttrore dramatic. tutti the higher the level
ol' interest.

With over 200 division I 'ams, there is at greater regional
interest in each of the learns. When a team reaches the
NCAA regionais. it can provide a unique match-up. say.
Fresno State vs. Georgetown. where all of the fans who

l'lanking Sewing arc a pair of title outside linebackers
('lrris Vaugltt. the only senior on tile del'ensitc ttttit. stands
on one side. ulrilc I'clc .‘siolouey. it freshman. guards the
other.

'I'Ite del'ettshc secondary does not contain any players
with tremendous si/e. bttt. according to Flanders. “they
play pass defense real well." .littr Swatck. a 5‘8" l70-pound
junior leads the secondary at tile strong safety position.

“They do a lot ol' things willr hint (S\ rtck): we have to
be aware of what he's doing at all titnes. added Flanders.

 

 

“It‘s going to be art interesting gatnc to watch with both
learns using the wishbone. It will be interesting to see who
call control the brill better with it." he continttcd.

The Danes will be looking to avoid a 5-4 season. iltere's
no argtrntertt that 6-3 sounds trtttelr better. “The impor—
tance is to gel that (1-3 record and maintain that winning
percentage we've had here." Ford commented.

“We've had a good year. not a great one. a good otrc.
We wattt to ctrd it the right way," l-landers conclttdcd.

All action cart be heard tomorrow on 91 FM beginning at
l2:55 pm. ' t l

 

are at the regionals are scrtsorrticket holders. and pro-
bably Booster clttb members as well. [It tltc NBA. tcatrrs iii
the west stay itt the west. and teams in the cast do likewise.
So. yort get a situation where the 76ers play the Celtics sis
litrtes during the rcgttlar season. and then play a best-of-
sevcn for tire playoff series. People on Tobacco Road
complained a couple of years back when North Carolina
and Virginia rtret for the fourth time that season in the na-
tiorral semi-finals. It is ntore difficttlt to sustain intensity
the more oftctr you play a team. once you get past the
third or fourth gattrc. Playing a learn from a different
region adtls to the uncertainty. rttrd therefore makes tlte
outcome that ttruch more uncertain.

As we get ready for the beginning of college scttsorr.,
tlterc rtre a lot of predictions being mttde us to who will get'
ltow far in March. We are no exception. and next week
we'll take a look at otrr top eight teams..and the one learn
we think will win two games itt Aibettuerqtre when the
Final Four rolls around. After last son's pick of
Georgia. who wound up losing in the NIT serni~finals. we

 

 

need a comeback .’

      
  

VOLUME LXIX

 

Sponsors charge dance group is anti-semitic

By Mark Gesner
sntH‘ warren

The Wallﬂower Order. a dance theatre collective in clear
support of the Palestinian Liberation Organization. spark-
ed controversy with some Albany sponsors who accused the
group of distribtttittg anti-setnitic literature at their Nov. 6
Page Hall performance.

The group. which ltad dedicated four prcviotrs ap-
PL rances itr liosron and Nortir Hampton to the PLO.
distributed at Page Hall a leaﬂet entitled “Israel: Tire New
Nari State" which described a "holocaust against the
’alestinian artd Lebanese people" urtder recent Israeli ag-
gresstorr.

“Israel has ttslrered in a new age of barbarisrn which
threatens to engulf tlrttt entire region. if not the world itt
total war." claimed the ieuliet. written by a Palestinian
support group. “Tire Israeli agenda is genocide."

“What we thought they were doing was scapegoating
Israel—putting the blame of the Middle East once again on
lsrae|.'_' said SUNYA’s Feminist Alliance co-ehairperson
Gail Fricdberg. “It shows that anti-semitism comes up
everywhere artd is not immune from so-called progressive
groups."

The Feminist Alliance. Central American Solidarity
Alliance ((‘ASA). Albany Feminist Forum. This River of
Women Theatre Group. and Tri-City Women's Center co-
sponsored the evening performance. Ilowcver. all the
Albany-based groups said they were originally unaware of
the Wallflower Order’s political viewpoint.

“We signed a cotrtract not even realizing that tltere was
going to be arty dedication at all." explained CASA
trrettrbcr Dave Miller. a co-producer of the perfortmtncc.

The theatre collectives' pttblicity parttplrlct said the group
“was fortned in I975 to express political perspectives of the
feminist movement through expressions of their own per-
sonal stories and contemporary writing."

“My real problcrrt is that they were not straight about
their politics-~tlrey call themselves feminists when they're
really leftists.“ complained Libby l'ost. a publicity worker
for the etent. '

Miller agreed by saying that "Wallflower was negligent
irt uot I‘orcurtttting tts ol' their dedication. They know that

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF_ NEW YORK AT ALBA.

 

   
    
         

  

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

‘VY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

D Tuesday

November 16, 1982

NUMBER 37

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

 

    

 

 

Inset: Libby Post: graphic from Wallflower Order pamphlet
" . . . they call themselves feminists when they're really leftists. "

the statement ttutde is a controversial one.“

Although all the spottsot's were initially enthusiastic to
Iravc tltc theater collective perform in Albany. none “etc
pleased about tumors spread two weeks before the show.
naming the Wallflower group as a supporter of tltc P] t).
"I lreatd the ttrtrror and called ttp \\'al|lltr\\cr to see if it “as
true. they cottlit tried it. so I then called the other groups."
recalled ctr-chair of the lcminist \lliance. Roberta
tioltlhctg.

As a result ol tltosc calls at tttcrnhcr ol the \ll\.ttt\
l-ctuittist l‘ttllllit phoned \\.tiltlo\\ct manager Moll)
Sicittctl itt Boston to discuss what dctlicatittu the group
planned to make in Albany. .\ nc\\ dedication \\;l\ \\ri|tctt

which “as shown to all of the e\cnt‘s sponsors.

In the revised dedication. Wallflower honored the
Palestinian people irt their struggle for self-dcternrination.
l'he tlrerttre coalition expressed their solidarity with Jewish
people L'\Ct)\\ here who are speaking out against the actions
or the Israeli gotettunent. l Ire dedication also poirrlcd ottt
that “unit the rise ofauri~scmitism. It ism. attd bigotry itr
all its tttrtttitestations otrt work is to lrgltt tlrcsc botlt within
otrtsclycs turd nttncoscr to struggle against at s_\stcnr that

 

(lL'illt'\ tltcsc atrocities."
\ltltouclt \\.r||flo\\cr tc\tsctl tltctr dedication. thcy 'lid
not tell the sponsoring groups about the Palestinian lcatlets

13>

Safety, economy issues at Women’s Caucus

feminist movement.

 

By lleidi Grullu
ll HRII'I.R

 

Womeu' safety, Rcagrtnomics and
minority women were top issues as 45
wotrrcn representing nine SUNY schools
across tltc state gathered at Albany this
weekend t'or the fifth anrrtral SASU
Women‘s ('atrcus Conference.

Women's (‘aucus is a group of wortterr
SUNY students working within SASU to
prorrrote women's rights.

 

 

 

    

DAVE RIVERA UPS
, Rhoda Jacobs
Criticized Reagan for not supporting ERA.

A Ll I.

   

Although there were speakers on rt varie-
ty of ' sues. SASU Women‘s (‘auctts Chair
and conference organi/er Nancy DeL‘atlo
said her orgaui/ation focused on women‘s
safety this ycttr. “That's always a continu-
ing issue because of the enormity of the
problem.“ she said.

According to l)e(‘arlo. an Albany stu-
dent. a proposal has bcctt sttbrnittcd to
SUNY Central requesting a campus security
phone litre to be answered by sottteotre who
has rec ivcd sensitivity training. The pro-
posal is expected to pass. site said.

l)c(‘atlo c\p|aittcd that feminist
organizations have observed a lack of corn—
munication between women who have been
assaulted atrd campus security.

.ludo instructor Maggie lioys taught a
workshop in self»dcl'cnsc during the corr-
fcrcuce. She showed the group ways of
escaping the attacker's Irold atrd vulnerable
points on the body to aim for wlrctr fighting
back. lioys advised. "don‘t necessarily go
for the groin. they‘re expecting that." in-
stead she suggested stepping on the instep
of the foot or kicking the attacker's knees.

She also mentioned ways of trott-
pltysically deterring rt potential attacker.
"it’s extremely hard I'or them to attack so-

   

‘ rncorre who is looking them straight in the

eye. ready to kick and fight back."
Reaganomics arttl its effect on worrrcrt
was discussed by Assetnbly member Rhoda
Jacobs (D-lirooklyn). .Iacobs centered her
speech on the rising trnemployrnetrt rrttc

sitrcc Reagan took olficc. Rcmirtding Itcr
audience that women ate the “last Irircd.
first fired.“ and that this is a titne of firing.
she c\p|ained that "women are now the
growing potctty strata."

She also criticized Reagan for a lack of
support of Ianrily planning center‘s.

l’ointing otrt that “Rea art nettt out of
ltis way to insist that l-RA be taken off the
Republican platform." she said “the
Reagan udtuinisttttatton is actitcly attemp-
lirrg to undo csctything (women) have
worked for."

Minority Student l-icld coordinator for
the National Student l-"dutational Ilurrd
(NSlil’t ('assartdta Walker. spoke on
minority women in the feminist movement.
Walker noted that the lack or participation
by women of color is partly due to percep-
tiorts of the feminist movement. She told
her predominantly white audience that "the
women's tttovctrrerrt is still seen as larger
wirite and middle class.“ and that the
feminist movement is often seen as lesbian.
radical. arid racist. She added that another
reason for lack of rrritrority women support
is that dtrring the 60‘s when the ferrrittist
tttovetttcrtt became active. ttrirrority wotrten
\vct‘e preoccupied with racial issues.

Walker suggested cosponsoring activities
with tnitrority organi/ations arid planning
cross-cultural projects. She also said it is
important to inform tnitrority organizations
of“ upcoming cvcttts and issues witltitr the

Increased rrtittority participation is a
priority for the upccrrting year. according
to the t‘aucus‘ newly clcctcd ('o~(‘hair Iieth
Sitter.

At tlte end of the conference ten women
representing the four SUNY regions were
elected as delegates to SASU. Enter. an
Albany strident. was elected to ctr-chair the
organi/atiorr \titlr Milissa l.aubsteiu. a
SASU intern frortt ()rreotrta.

The group plans to continue their work
on women's safety. Suter said. as well as to
concentrate on child care an an anti-
disct'iminatiou policy for all SUNY
schools. l)e('arlo noted that the Caucus has
been ptrttitrg together a proposal to create
on-crunpus daycare centers for sttrdents
who have children. attotltcr project for this
year.

Although slightly disappointed that
several schools were unable to attend.
Dec‘arlo was pleased with the conference
and with the work that the caucus has done
this year. “We‘ve gained cnottgh legitimacy
that we're taken seriously rtttd in the issues
we've worked on we've really accomplished
tltings.‘ site said.

Sutcr said that she and l.aubstein plan to
work for better eorrttrrttttication between
leaders of fcruitrisl groups on SUNY cartr-
ptts s' "I‘m lookitrg forward to a close kttit
eoaiittott between all the SUNY women's
groups." Suter said after the convention. t'l

 

