 
 
 
 
 
 

.‘I
I

.l

 

‘

 

. \McKnownville

‘  .the I. Strident Association
I will provide van shuttles
to and from

St. Margaret Mary ’8 School
and

Fire Department

“"».~;

1 Karts will degart from the circle .

~ every half hour;
from 93003111 ’till :  ,

_. TIIBSday, 1
.November 2... '

Exercise

Right:
" + 7 G

  
 
 

 

OCTOBER 29. [982 [t ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 9|

ELEC'I‘loN '82 DDHRUNHDEW

 

Frank Wicks

<5

key - the options do exist and they would have across
the board benefits." Wicks also said that current
dependence on foreign oil could be totally eliminated
with a $100 billion investment in energy conservation
measures. “This would be about half the annual
military budget." he asserted. “I think the public
should be aware that we have this option." Wicks said
he also advocated a federal policy of selling bonds to
rebuild the aging national infrastructure and industrial
base.

On other energy-related issues. Wicks advocated an
energy policy which would stop building nuclear power
plants. but keep those plants which are now operating
open. He considers the safety of these plants a real
concern, but said “There is no such thing as complete
safety. I would have no problem living near one
myself. I think in some cases. the fear is irrational.
Also. benefits such as lower taxes exist for property

near a plant."
Wicks calls himself a fiscal moderate to conser‘

- vatlvc. asserting that social programs are legitimate

and that he would scrutinize all of them without any
special focus on one. He favors the balanced budget
amendment. explaining that I‘It Is a sound program
becuase it makes it harder to overspend."

Another slgnificnat factor in this election. according
to Wicks. is Stratton's rapidly growing negative rating.

He compared Stratton to Prisidcnt Johnson in I968. ..

saying. "it's hard for him to get a favorable audience.
In the last few weeks, he's been shouted down by
labor. elderly. and Jewish groups." Wicks cites these
events as proof that Stratton is falling more and ntorc
out of step with his district. He asserted that most of
Stratton‘s campaign contributions had come from
military contractors outside the district. Wicks con-
tended that the fact Stratton has a large number of op-
ponents indicates that he has alienated a broad number
of people.

—Antliony Silhcr

Citizens Party candidate Mark DunIea

<5

merit. Dunlcu said he believed we must act to stop the
acid raid problem immediately. and that toxic dump-
ings by chemical companies are a major problem in
New York State that needs action. Dunlea is opposed
to nuclear power.

Women's rigltts are a prominent Citi/cn's l’urly
issue. Dunlca said that the Party's platform for
women's rights was based on tltrcc issues: passage of
the Equal Rights Anuncitdmciit, human services clit-
tracks that victiini/c women, and reproductive
freedom.

Dunlca also pointed out that tltc Cili/cn's I’aity ful—
Iy supports gay rights.

Dunlca said that he feels lie is the most qualified
candidate, asserting. “Of all the candidates. I appear
to be the most knowlcgcable on the issues, as evidcnc-
cd by our debate. I have also been the most directly ill-
volvcd in working for social change. I'm the oitc who
has been out there fighting for jobs and women‘s

Stratton, Dow

<5

Another factor in Stratton's success has been his ini-
pressivc constituency service record. said James
Ricdell. professor of Political Science at SUNYA.

Ricdell said Stratton has the "most formidable cori-
stitiicncy service record of any congressman“ in New
York State. adding that Straton usually responds to a
constituent's letter within two weeks.

Ricdell described Stratton as a “strong, forthright
politician who beautifully represents the constutents'
interests. If he stays mentally alert. he will be
unbeatable in the district.” I l

i

issues and the environment. and against nuclear
weapons and rtiiclcar power."

()it student issues. Dunlca said he "supports public
education. and is opposed to all cuts. saying “everyone
should have the opportunity regardless of income."
Additionally, Dunlcu said he supports incicasiiig
SUNY funding. 'is against raising dorm costs. and
hclicvcs that the University Iioard of Trustees should
be SUNY graduates. On whether or not students
should run the University, l)un|ca said. “I don't think
students go to college to fill] the college, bill they
should ltavc representation. However, if they want it, I
would support it."

Of all his opponents. Dunlca is most at odds with
.Ioliii Dow. He said. “Dow was the last to cttter and is
the most troublesome of the bunch. lie is the Jacob
.lavits of the 13rd District. I think he should withdraw.
llc took his shot and failed miserably. Now he should
give the other candidates a chance.“ Dunlcu said he
believes that Sam Struton is a right wing wurhuwk. and
that Put Mayberry alienatcs voters by yelling at them."

Dunlca said that he.would consider 3() percent a vie.
tory, and again called on Dow to' get out. saying. “The
Citizens Party has a future after Election Day — John
Dow does not." i 5

Pat Ma yberry

<5

Mayberry says site has been active for ten years in
the anti-war. civil rights and feminist struggles, and for
a shorter period. thc disarmamcnt movement. Shc is a
member of NOW, The Coalition of Labor Union
Women. and the Brotherhood of Railroad and Airline
Workers‘ local of the AFL-(TIO. —Anlhony Sliher

W

 

   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Junior-your progro
dogroll and lion-ore
at tho london School of lconomlu and Political klml.

Iho wide range ol subiucts includes
Accounting 8 Foiumo. Actuario
Economics. Econometrics.

Relations, law. Munugainunl
Planning Studios. Population Studies.

Mathmnolitul Scimitus Systems Analysis

A i win... hlmtlu i......
w I uiom nqim... us. "our"... IlrulJvoJonWCI. uni-u

rim. .m. "both-r mi... 7... or "mun...

YOUR CHANCE TO COME TO LONDON

ml. Postgraduate diplomas. Ono-your Motto-“I
Ii opportunltlol In th- mlul Klonul or. oil-rod

I SCllrnlﬂ. Arithmpalogy. Business Studies.
[(unomic Ntsloiy. Europuon Studies. Geography,
Gnvurtlinunl Industrial Relations. International History, International .
Scienru, Operational Research. Philosophy.
Poliltu. Seostn Policy, Social
Administration, Social Work. Soriology. Social Psychology. Slulislltolgnd

Caisolaro’s
Restaurant
The favorite of former Potter House"
Great Italian Food

244 Washington Ave.
(above The Armory)

  

--on SUNY bus route--

 

 

 

 

ELM discount with this ad

_____—.

 

 

 

 

. ol
M%%'§?J.§El.‘3
What Makes
l A duality
Medical School?

1. Fine faculty

2. Good Features

3. Quality Student Body

4. Supervtsed clerkship
Programs loi Oiialilied
3n) am “it You sum:

Nnieste raters a atyear amount.
it.“ small classes, t5 W Ill) listed
University 0/ tin North East
Adm/salons
IZO [ﬁl ll fil NY. NY l00l7

 

 

GRAND OPENING

 

THE SAVOY

301 Lark SI. Albany
presents

AN EVENING OF MAGIC 8t COMEDY
WITH
JIM SNACK 8: JOE MURRAY

Saturday. Oct.30
Shows at 8:00 8. 11:00pm

$3.00 Admission-Food & Drinks Served
COME AND HAVE SOME FUNII

 

 

 

III?) 5044589
601656!
__,_’.

till: m ::«*8IlNYr8|lﬂlI0lltltm
“Tommy Leo's” #

Irina FOUNTAIN]

mas roa roan Datum PLEASURE t

a

from to IDE and return

Frill! Orin-9pm bingo?!”
Pious on?!” 3.33:1" “"9533

Our specialty: Suchnandlunan and
Cantonese. Polynesian drink available
' 1652 Western Ave
 food ti minutes from campus
10% discount with SUNY ID
. take our service not included

 

from the people who brought you
"Animal House?

NATIONAL

 

ADC MOHDN W'URESMSEME NAIIDNM. LAMPODN 5' CLASS REUNION
sow-.IEEIIII" GRAHAM ' "IEO MCCAIIIIEII
MIRIAM ELYNII ' STEPHEN “Inst
SHELLEY SMITH ' ZAIIE mm"
and MICHAEL LEIINE“ SM-‘nnournnbv CHUCK BERRY
WWW. JOHN HUGHES P’mcﬁ‘: MAUI SIMMUNS

0"”“5‘3 MICHAEL MILLER at?
m Eu mr om PAPERBACK Dﬂ' “

MAIIItHAl AMM‘IIIHI'IA nrmiimu ttunleu nr Nlllmh uwum we rtulmnlnunmlal

l‘

 

..
D

     

 
    

imi- it It" 'i uu-Imii
"III I Ari-i new:

Star 3 Today!

October 29th

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

, . axcrusrve
   SHOWING
 '1‘ -. t. Call‘llielue
. ~ 45.919300  i

 

 

 1.. is,

 

 

nip-i}... -:-x—vm..r .‘ .

.r.4..7_
W

