 

 

 

 

E 'tl'r.’:i‘i\‘~\'t‘Vt'Jtt‘J’t‘t. *msess L‘ stat .r-J. trends-1m

 

orld capsules

Witness intimidated

New City, N. Y.
(AP) Testimony at pre-trial hearings in the Brink's case
Thursday focused on a prosecution witness who was so ter-
rifled after tlte bloody robbery-murders that she misiden-
tified one of the suspects.

The witness. known only as“Witncss D." testified earlier
this week in state Supreme Court that she deliberately pick-
ed out tlte wrong man in a line-up because site was afraid of
tire real suspect.

Tlte wotnan said she was frightened because some of the
Brink‘s robbers had comandcercd her car for their getaway.
shoving lter and her elderly mother out ortto the street.

Joltn Coruparetto. then with the Rockland County
district attorney‘s office. testified Thursday that the
woman confessed her rrtisideirtificatiort to ltirn when site
rushed past him after a line-up involving suspect Sarnttel
Brown after the Oct. 20. l9ttl holdup.

When she testified iit cottrt. Witness D identified llrown
and defendant Kathy llottdin as beirtg on the scene of the
shootout between Nyack police and the Brink's stispects.

Two Nyack police officers died during the gun brittle. A
llrink‘s guard had been. killed tuiutttes before in the $1.6
million armored car heist at a Nantiet shopping mall.

Gemayel'Seeks support

l’u/it'un (‘in
(AP) Pope John 'aul ll wartrrly embraced President Arrtin
Gemaycl of Lebanon at a Vatican audience Thursday and
endorsed the president's call for withdrawing all foreign
troops front war-ravaged Lebanon.

Despite tight sectrriy. Gemayel was treated to an
elaborate welcome usually reserved for official visits. corti-
plete with a review of Swiss guards assigned to the Vatican.
The Vatican called the visit private.

ltalian authorities deployed helicopters attd riot police
for Gemayel's arrival at day after terrorists bombed the
Lebanese Embassy in Rome. lie traveled by tttilitary
helicopter from one meeting place to another. trsing a
bulletproof limousine only for short distances.

Gemayel was on the last stop of a tour that took him to
the United States and France In search of political support
for the withdrawal of lsraeli. Syrian and‘Palestinian forces
that made Lebanon a battleground this summer.

Speciﬁcally.tlte president wants a tenfold increase in the
3.800-man multinational pcacckccpirtg force in Beirut that
includes U.S. Marines. French and ltalian soldiers. He also
is asking for $l2 billion in long-term economic assistance.

Campaign proves costly

New York
(AP) Lt. Gov. Mario Cuomo is about lD‘iilllllL‘ll a television
advertising blitr which cottld have hint eqttalittg or even
outspending Repttblican Lewis Leltrman in tile last full
week of their gubernatorial campaign.

Cuorno aides confirmed Thursday that they were about
to embark on a TV ad campaign which will cost about
$500,000 for the final week of the campaign.

Democrat Cuomo has repeatedly attacked the campaign
of millionaire businessman Lehrman for its high-spending
ways and has accused Lchrtnan of trying to “buy” the New
York election.

Cuonto's recent television ads have ended with the tag-
line, “experience money can‘t buy." _

Lehrman has spent more than Sit) million thus far on his
campaign the btilk of the money coming out of Lehrman's
own pocket. Lehrman campaign manager Karl Ottosen said
the Lehrman camp would probably spend close to $12
million by the time the election is over.

Ottoscn said the Lehrman campaign has been spending
$250,000 to $275.0(X) routinely each week on television
advertising and said that could be upped to about $400,000
in the final week of the campaign.

Reagan favors sanctions

Washington
(AP) Facing political and diplomatic problems over its
trade sanctions against the Soviet Union. the Reagan ad-
ministration is looking for a better way to punish Moscow
—- something that will work without offending voters at
home and allies abroad.

The goal is allied agreement on a framework of economic
measures and restrictions to be applied to the Soviet Union.

“We're trying to study relationships between the West
and the East... as far as economies are concerned," said a
senior administration official. “This involves financial
terms. it involves items that we're selling to them, it in-
volves the whole philosophical question as to whether we
should be doing it and. if so. to what extent arid what pro-
ducts.

“And the idea is that ifyou can reach general agreements
on all this. you wouldn't have to bother with individual
sanctions then." he said. “What you're tryiitg to do is
establish a wlroie new type of relationship."

 

 

Listen in

Carolyn Kizer will climax her stay as writer-in-resldencc
at SUNYA with a reading of her works on Monday. 06;
tober 25. at 8:00 pm in the Campus Center Assembly
Hall. An expert on Pakistani. Afghanistani. and Macedo-
nian poetry. Kizer has worked to call attention of
American readers to the verse of other nations. Her
publications include The Ungrateful Garden, Knock
Upon Silence and Midnight Was My Garden. Kizer's visit '
is sponsored by the English Department. the College of
Humanities and Fine Arts. and the National Endowment
for the Arts. '

  

Picture this

The Society of Photographic Education. itt eortjuntion
with the College of l-lunutnities aitrl Fine Arts. will be
holding its yearly regional conference at the University
October 22-24.

A variety of topics and workshops will be presented in-
clttding certsorship in photography. photographs of the
insane. artd computer technology. Lotte Jacobi. well-
kttowrt for lter portraits of the famous. will be the keynote
speaker. Site will speak in LC ill on Saturday. O:tobcr 23.
at 7:45 pm. An opening reception for her exhibition of
photographs will be held at the University Art Gallery Fri-
day. October 22. front 5-7 pm.

For more information. contact Phyllis Galcmbo. coor-
dinator of the conference at 457-7998.
Decisions decisions

i

if you're having trouble dccidirtg what to do after
SUNYA. you may decide to visit Union College's fourth
annual Carccr‘chtival Tuesday. October 26. in Union's
Alumni Gym. The progratn. which includes represen-
tatives front such firms as Zeros. Bell Labs. Northeast
Savings and Union Carbitlc. will run from 10 to 4:30. For

further information. contact Spndra Spencer at the Col-
lege's Career Center at 370-6176.

. Paris in the Spring

'tt‘

 

Interested in study in France? The Office of Interna»
tiotrai Programs. ULB 36. will hold a meeting on the
SUNYA program in Grenoble on Monday. October 25 at
3:00 put in CC 373. Programs in other French cities will
also be discussed.

Cuomo coaliton

Cuomo people. unite! Professor Alvin Magid. Chair
man of the Political Science Department. is itr search oi
SUNYA students and faculty supporting Mttrio (Tuoino
for Governor. All persons intercstctl iit forming a t‘uotrro
support bloc sitould contact Professor Magid at 7-4571 or
in ULll 96 by Tuesday. ()ctobcr 26.

Concerned conservationists

Concerttetl about the environrncnt'.’ The New Yorl
State Environmental Convention. cit-sponsored b the in
virorunerttal Planning Lobby (lil'l.). will be held llil‘-
weekend. October 22-24 at the Albany Ameri 'ana lrrrr.
Numerous environmental issues will be covered lit 0ch 5o
workshops. and addresses by candidates for statewide ot
fices will also be featttred. '

For fttrtltcr information arid reservations. contact titt-
EPL at 462-5526.

Strike for life

The Nortltcastertt New York Chapter of the L‘yslrt
Fibrosis foundation is seeking volunteer bowlers and
sponsors for their annual "Bowl for itr 'ath" diitt-
Bowlers tnust complete three games arty day between ()t‘
tober 30 and Noverttber 6 at one of 53 participating allev-
throughout the state.

The nationwide event is a major source of funding tor
research in Cystic Fibrosis. a genetic disease which is the
leading killer of children and young adults among diseases
of this type. For more information. call the l-‘ottndation's
area chapter at 489-2677.

Defense talks

JSC Hillel is sponsoring “The Lebanon Crisis: An lip
date with Hirsch Goodman.“ The Defense Correspon-
dent attd Strategic Analyst for the Jerusalem Post. The
talk will take place tonight at 8:00 pm in the Urtion ('tll'
legc Memorial Chapel. For more information contact the
Hillel office at 457-7508.

 

 

 

 

That kind of economic framework has been under
discussion by western foreign ministers. The administration
acknowledges that it is art elusive goal. given the differing
pltilosophics aitd concerns of American allies.

The administration trade sanctions deal with technology
anti equipment for the 3.700-mile natural gas pipeline the
Soviet Union is building front Siberia to western Europe.
President Reagan imposed sanctions on American export
of supplies for the pipeline last December. and stifferth
them in Jtrtte. in response to the Soviet role in suppressing
the free trade ttition rnovetttent in Poland. The United
States tried unsuccessfully to get western European nations
to follow sttil.

Dow Jones hits new heights

New York
(AP) The stock market's rally sputtered in heavy trading
Thursday and prices closed mixed. but the Dow Jones in»
dustrial average managed a slight gain that lifted the
measure to its highest level in nearly to years.

Despite the mixed showing. there were signs of the
market’s continued strength. The Dow Jones average of 20
transportation stocks posted a sharp gain and 454 New
York Stock Exchange-listed issues reached new 52—week
highs.

Aerospace and technology issues were antong the
gainers. wltile several steel, photography and mining stocks
lost ground.

The Dow Jones average of 30 industrial stocks followed a
topsy-turvy course. After soaring 20.32 poiitts Wednesday.
it rose another 8.93 points after an hour of trading Thurs-
day. and it appeared the average might cltalleitgc the recOrd
closing high of 1,051.70 on Jan. ll. 1973.

But the measure then retreated. it was off 11.40 with art
hour of trading left. onlon recover and move hlglter on the
day.

European steel restricted

UriLt‘A‘c/J'. Belgium
(AP) Tire European Economic Commttnity agreed tod.t_t
on a plan to restrict steel sales in the United States. and
President Reagan said the move had headed off the imposi-
tion of penalty duties on such imports.

U.S. steelmakcrs ltad deruandcd the Europeans I'Csllic‘i
their stcel exports itt retttrn for dropping ttnfair competition
complaints against Common Market producers.

U.S. Steel Corp. President David Roderick said ih
agreement was acceptable. an improvement on earlier \‘ct‘
sions and the suits will be withdrawn.

President Reagan praised tltc move. trying the agreement
would "relieve our domestic steel indttstry from the unfair
competition of subsidiled foreign products."

U.A.W. to Vote on strike
Detroit

(AP) Members of the United Auto Workers Union will use
Tuesday on whether to strike Chrysler Corp. or continue
working under the expired contract ttntil after Jan. I. UAW
Presidettt Douglas A. Fraser said Thursday.

“There will be a referendum with two proposals . . . to
suspend the negotiations ttntil irntnediately after the
Christmas holidays or strike Chrysler Corporation at 10am
on Nov. I. “Fraser said at a news conference.

Fraser said the ballot will go out to workers iii the next
day or two and workers also will receive a letter tcllittg them
about the vote. The ballots are to be turrted in at the plants
on Tuesday attd results of the vote should be known that
night. he said.

The No. 3 automaker‘s refusal to grant art immediate ptl)’
raise caused a breakdown in negotiations on Monday. 'l‘h
rank-and-file had overwhelmingly rejected a tentative coir
tract rcaclted Sept. 16.

“it's futile to continue negotiations now." Fraser said
"We're content to delay negotiations until after t|I
holidays."

 

 
   

  
  

  

AMY COHEN UPS

Vice President of " “ ' Affairs Judith Ramaley
Responsible for treat/citric policy, budget and advises President 0']. vary on faculty.

 

OCTOBER 22, 1982 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Vice President of Academic
Affairs assuming responsibility

 

By Kenneth Olsen

Last Friday marked the close of Dr.
Judith Ramaley's second month as
SUNYA‘s new Vice President for Academic
Affairs. lly replacing Acting Vice President
Steve Delong on August 8. Ramaley is
SUNYA's chief academic officer.

Ramaley has major responsibility of
enhancing the quality of undergraduate and
graduate edttcation at SUNYA. Site is
responsible for a'adcmic policy arid pro-
grams. attd advises the President on ap-
pointttrcrtts arttl promotions of all faculty
ttttd staff itt il‘tltlL‘llllt.‘ departments. Site
rttttst also adrtririistcr the academic budget
and serve as the chief csccutitc olficcr iii
the President's absence.

Ramaley L‘\|tltlilll.‘ll last week that much
of lter agenda is still devoted to "develop
ing a sense ol‘thc institution." The past two
months have been spent “finding out about
the interests antl concerns of the faculty.
meeting the student leadership. itrtd ptttting
together pieces to gain art understanding ol

 

how this place works." She feels this daily
process will help develop “a sense of what
questions need to be answered."

Ramaley described SUNYA as "a com-
prehensive institution of great complexity.
The institution has changed dramatically
over the past 20 years. and is now moving
towards a different identity as a University
Center."

The new Vice President felt her main task
was “allowing freedom" arid "providing
art environment for other members of the
faculty to do their work."

Dr. Ramalcy reports directly to President
()‘l.cary. atrd described working with him
as “very enjoyable." She “admires his
energy and enthusiasm. lie is deeply corri-
tnittcd to this University and has a lot to
share.“ Ratnaley added that site hopes to
“tap into his cvperiencc."

She has found the student body to be
“interested and c\citinp.“ and recalled that
several faculty tttctrtbers have commented
on a certain "tingle urttl alitcncss to the
classroom." l ‘

 

‘Biased ’ SATs no basis for minority admission

 

By Carl Patkn
spin lt‘Rl/‘k‘k
lllucks score on the average about 100 points lower titan
the national norm on the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT).
according to the College Board.

The median scores for black students who took the exam
in 19808] were 332 verbal and 362 math compared to a me-
dian score of 442 verbal and 483 math for white students.
according to an Associated Press release.

President of the College Board. George H. Hanford. said
in the release that the relatively low average scores for
minority students “lend themselves to misinterpretation by
those who seek simple explanations . . . A significant
number of minority youths scored well on the SAT."

The release said the College Board has been gathering
data from l97l to the present from 90 percent of the l
million seniors taking the SAT each year who voluntarily
fill out questionaires regarding race. income. education and
aspirations. 913,000 students filled out the questionaires tn
1980-81 including l65.000 non-whites. or 18 percent.

Rodney l-inrt. SUNYA Director ofAdmissions. feels that
tlte SAT is a culturally biased exam. especially on the verbal
section. He observed that a minority student and a white
strident are not exposed to tire same cultural base irt their
vocabularies and that the SAT is geared to the vocabulary
and experience of a white student. in an experiment. he
said. white students were exposed to a black culturally
oriented SAT and scored very poorly.

Hart contended that the University recognizes this bias
artd that the SAT is not the main criteria for admission to
SUNYA. Hart said that the University places emphasis on a
student's high school average and class rank in the admis-
sions process.

llart also said the results of the College itoard's

JSC-Hillel splits over controversial rabbi

report ttre rtot easily applied to the atlrnissiorts process. He
poiitted ottt that the study fails to distinguish between the
natiortal. state and SUNYA area academic quality.

Jacquelin Davis. Minority Recruitment Coordinator for
Undergraduate Admissions pointed out that New York has
one of the largest minority populations in the country.
comprising ll-l3 percent of the population. These
minorities include blacks. Native Americans. Asian
Americans and Hispanics.

Minorities. according to Patrick Tcrenzini. Director of
institutional Research. comprise only 7.1 percent of the
population at SUNYA as but measured in l980. This
figure. however. shows an increase over the I976 census
when minorities comprised 6.6 percent of the population.

Davis expects that the minority population at SUNYA is
representative of the population of New York State. She
said that if minority students are not admitted irt greater
numbers at the University. they are not getting the educa-
tiort they deserve. “We all pay taxes." site said. "SUNYA
belongs to all of us."

Director of Affirrrtativc Action. Gloria DeSole. said that
site favors increased minority admissions and participation
because “not everyone starts at the starting litre." There are
several programs at the University that have been establish-
ed to aid minority students. some directly. others indirectly.

The Edtt ‘ational Opportunity Program (EOP). establish—
ed by the New York State Legislature in was, is one such
program which. according to the [SOP Phi} Application
Guidebook. helps “SUNY catttptises provide an opportuni-
ty for a college cdtrcatiott for capable students who have
rtot r'achetl their academic potential becatrse of litnitcd
financial resources attd inadequate academic preparation."

Carl Martin. Associate i) 'an of Student Affairs anti Ac—
ting Director of the Office of Minority Student Services.

said the EDP is a program aimed at thi.= acadentically and
economically disadvantaged. and must .submit records as
proof of eligibility. Martin said that non-academic and
non~economic information on students is very important in
deciding who will be selected for EOP. Recommendations
and autobiographical statements often play an important
role.

Another program. according to Martin. that indirectly
aids minority students. is the Talented Students Admissions
Program (TSAP).

Each year. applicants who would not be admitted to the
University through regular academic means are considered
on the basis of talent in a particular ﬁeld. such as music or
art. their potential for a rnenningfttl college experience and
to contribute to the University. Many of these talented
students belong to mirtority groups and 5 percent of the
University's population stems from talented student admis-
sions.

lathe past two years the University has recognized the in-
adequacy of these progratns because they are not geared
directly to minority students. Davis said University Senate
member Vernon Black voiced the need to look into admis-
sions avenues for minorities dtte to low ntinority population
at the University and a lack of effort in the past toward
minority recruitment. Tire result of tltcse charges was a
SUNYA Presidential Task Force established to explore
such avenues.

The Task Force was directed by Patricia Smith of the
University's psychology department and in their report to
Prcsidertt ()'l.cary. they atlviscd the establishment of the
Minority Recruitment program consider applicants on a
largely non-academic level. aiming to recruit students on
their potential .so tltcy can gain a valuable college ex—

11>

 

Knpiowitz
ltlltlft'

 

” _ “Ty—TE
.\‘

 

Members of SUNYA's Jewish Student
Coalition. JSC~Hil|el. have splintered oft‘to
fortn their own group after llillcl refused to
sponsor a speaking engagement by con-
troversial rabbi Micr Kahanc.

Members of the new group. Revisionist
Zionist Alterrtativc (RZA) had continously
criticized Hillel's apoliticalncss. according
to RZA President Steve Hilsenrath. He said
the barring of Kahanc on campus made it
art opportune time to break away. become
SA recognized. and subsequently sponsor
him through RZA.

Kahanc is the renowned orthodox rabbi
who founded the rrtilitnitt Jewish Defense
League. An American-born rabbi who
made aliyah to lsrael in 197] where he
formed ltis owrt political party. Kahanc is
notorious for his volitiic speeches ttttd
radical views. l-lilsenrath acknowledged
that “there has tradionally been a love loss
between Jews and Kahanc."

"To bring Kahanc would be irrespon-
sibc." said .lSCwl-lillel Director. Rebecca
Ciordin.” He creates dissentiott and tension
where he speaks." Gordon said that tlte

JSC—Hillel board voted against permitting
Kahanc to speak in ligltt of the latest Lsrirel-
Lebanon crisis.

It's only a matter of timing." contended
Gordon. notiitg that her group sponsored
Kahanc two years ago.

JSC—Hillel President Melinda Miller feels
that underlying ant-semitism could be fired
by Kahane's volatile remarks. “This might
bc the spark that will unite it." she said. “it
doesn't take tnuclt to light something."

A bitter Kahanc feels “it's ever been the
right time for people when they don't like
what you say." Kahanc thinks his freedom
of speech is being violated by JSC-Hillel on
a national and international level since they
routinely bar him from speaking at their
cvettts.

Gordon arid Miller continually contend-
ed that the dccision not to sponsor Kahanc
was based on bad timing in regard to the
lsraeli-Lebanese controversy. Hilsenrath
called their concern “a very valid
argument."

JSC—Hillel‘s decision was all done in dire
process. said Gordon. Each group was
given the Opportunity to speak at the board
meeting. where the Kahanc decision was

tttrired dowrt by a close l()-‘) vote. said
llilscnittth.

Soon afterwards. about It) JSC-Hilch
members left to form RZA. and had their
group SA approvctl. Hilsenratlt says.
however. that RZA does not approve of
JSC-Hillel. “We agree on 9‘) percent of the
issues." he said. He cart understand that
JSC—Hillel does not want to cause problems
for themselves. But Hilsenrath sees his
group as more politically oriented.

Miller thinks it was an RZA member who
originally called and told her that Speaker‘s
Forum was going to sponsor Kahanc.
Alarmed. Gordon ettlled Speaker's Forum
Chairperson Ronni Niefchawer. who said
the no such agreement had taken place.

It was after (‘iorcon expressed her con-
cern that Hilscnrath walked into Nief-
chawcr's office to question her about
Kahanc. Niefcbawer flatly refused the re-
quest. said Hilsenratlt. until he began to ex-
plain who Kahartc was.

it appears that for Speaker's Forum also.
the problem was a matter of titning.
because tltere were already so many events
scheduled at that titttc. Niefchawer said.
RZA eventually was able to sponsor

 

 

 

Rabbi Melr Kahanc

Feels JSC violated his freedom of speech.
Kahanc themselves. “RZA anc JSC can
work together." Gordon said. JSC-Hillel is
politically minded. and that RZA is “only
more politically radical.“ Gordon pointed
to Project Refusnik. a progrant dealing
with Soviet Jews, letter writing and Ethio-
pian Jewry pogrorns as signs of tltier issue
involvement.

Next Tuesday. JSC-Hillel is sponsoring
advisor to the lsraeli Knesset Committee on
Foreign attd Defense Affairs on Lebanon.
ltamar Rabinoviclt. Gordon called him
"expert witltout the violence." D

