  

 

 

      
  
   
     
   
  
  
  
   
 

   
 

. 2-..... Lav-'ww‘mm.‘ w.

..._r:'

      
   
   
    
  
  
 
  
  
   
     
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

B Mare Sehwnn.
assoc/A re spole rant/rm _

The Albany State men's wrestling teatn
successt ttlly defended tlteir title itt tlte Great
Dane Classic. capturing the teatn cham-
pionship for the second cotrseerrtlve year.
Saturday in University Gym.

The Dunes easily iteld off lrigltly regarded
Division l Boston University. Syracuse
Uttiversity. the University of Buffalo and 19
other schools. on the way to tire victory.
"There is no doubt at all who the best team
was ortt there." said a happy Head Coach
.loc DeMeo. "We were just outstanding. it
was great wrestling."

Albany placed rtine finalists out of 20
_tr:ssiblc wrestlers in tire l0 wcigltt clttsses.
“That is the m0st amazing performance."
said DeMeo. "When you have wrestlers of
this quality, in a torrrnatnettt like titis. pttt-
ting nine out of 20 iii the finals is incredi-
ble. I am very. very pleased."

DeMeo was especially pleased that the
Danes beat out rival Boston University.
Alhaity narrowly defeated Bostort last year
for the team title. and was expecting ttn ex-
ceptionally tough challenge from them this
year. “Brit, we killed them (Boston)." said
DeMeo. Albany finished with 48.5 points.
Boston was second with 37.5. while
Syracuse and Buffalo tied for third with 23
points. "Boston is a very good school. Carl
Adams (head coach) is a friend of mine.
they have tltree local kids and they are a
gigantic school. All that adds tip to make it
a rivalry and I‘m really happy we beat
them."

Andy Scras. a two-tirne All-Atttericatt
attd SUNYAC cltatttpiorr. defended his
(ircat Dttttc Classic titlc. l-‘ntcr‘ittg the
l5tl-pound weight class fittal undefeated iii
the B-brackct. Scras easin defeated
Syracuse's Marty Lynch Ill-2 for the chant-
piouship. “I am happy." said Seras after
the match. “I was nettous before tlte
match. Everyone expected rite to win. It
pttts a lot of pressure on me. anything less
wotrld be disappointing."

The lZﬁ-pound class was dominated by
Albany. The Danes placed three wrestlers in

 Sports

Grapplers take Great Dane Classic

 

NOVEMBER 9. I982

 

 

 

 

ALAN MEN'ILE UPS

Andy Seras (top) defended his Great Dane Classic title Syracuse University opponent in the finals of the

Saturday at University Gym with an easy 10-2 victory over a

the top five. gaining valuable points toward
the team title. llarvcy Strutlters arid Robert
Spttgnoli each won their bracket arid lllt.‘
tcatttmates squared ot'fagainst each other itt
what was UllL‘ of tire rtrost csciting matches
of the day. Spagnoli. who arltrmced to the
fittal by recordirtg two pins attd two
12-point superior advantage decisions irt
four matches. fell behind to .‘Ltaulter's 2-0
and thctf-i-E. lle tied the rnatclt at the exit]
of the tltrcc two-rttittrrtc regulations periods
at 5-5. Spagnoli took the title with a two-
point reversal itt tlte sudden-death overtime

periorl.

“It was the toughest rtratclt I had all
day." commented a happy Sprrgnoli.
“They should irate giscu two gold
medals." Spagnoli added it was difficult
wrestlitrg his teammate. “At the begittttirtg
we were smiling at each other. it was a lot of
ftttt though." .lack 'l't'anb took fifth place
iii the class.

lleavywcigltt Vic ilcr'matr. a three titttc
NCAA qtralificr arid a rlcfending champion
iii the Great Dane (‘lassic easily advanced to

150-pound weight class. Seras is a two-time All-American.

Ritera to gain a chance to captttrc tltc title
for a second titne. llowcvcr llcrttnttt faced
Boston‘s Dave Koplotitl. a freshman who
was second itt tlte World (‘htrtttpionships
for lit-under last year. itt tltc final.
KopltwitI. an :rrca resident wlto attcttdcrl
Niskayuna High. and Herman were an
ttrcipntirtg tltc match for a while. Thought
they never wrestled against each other itt a
tortr nament. tltey belongcd to the same club
and a frienrlly sort of rivalry seems to ltavc
rlctclopctl. Koploviti. who outweighs “er-

the firtals. lle defeated teatttrrtate l’apo

19>

Danes are crushed by Buffalo stampede, 42-14

By Mark Gesner
ASSOC/II If. S'I'(lkl51l_) r r

The sky was not the limit th past
Saturday as the University of Buf-
falo Bulls trounced the Albany
State Great Danes with both an
aerial and ground attack. The
Danes were handed a 42-l4 defeat.
the widest losing margin in their 5-3
season.

The memory of last year's 32-0
Albatty romp over the Drills seemed
to be crystal clear in the minds of
the Buffalo players. An attra of
rcvettge set in quickly as the Bulls
displayed heads up football frortt
the opening coin toss. "They
humiliated rts last year. We wanted
this game pretty had." said Buffalo
halfback Pat Whitehead.

A Buffalo stampede started when
the Bulls scored two touchdowns in
the first five minrttes of the game.
Whitehead ran the hall intoilte end
zone both times and Bernie Weber
followed up with extra poirtt kicks
to prtt the contest at 14-0. Weber
later split the rip—rights a tltird time
to add tltree more points to his
team's first quarter lead.

"Buttan had not been running
‘Itlllc as well as tltcy did today."
said Dane Ilcad ( oach lioh l‘ord.
“It was ottc of those (Ia-,3 wt- just

     

 

r i J .
twaﬂ
..‘k‘s . 

   

 

 

\HIJ. \l‘ltMAN UPS

Albany State cornerback Bob Jojo had a tumble recovory. a quarter-

back sack and seven tackles In Saturday's loss.

didn't cttpitali/e on the few oppor-
trrttities that we did have.“

llowevcr. tltc Albany effort did
lurvc some itttpact as the Danes
finally woke up it] the seeottrl
quarter. After another Weber field
goal placed the score at 20-0.
Albany put forth a 66-yard drive to
ertd any thoughts of a Brill shutout.
The six points catne on Dane star'-
tittg quarterback Torn l’ratt‘s
llvyard pass to tight ctrd .l , 'ttnis.
'I‘he two-point conversion atterttpt
failed. bttt Buffalo's spread nar-
rowed 20-6.

Altltouglt a 55-yard rrrtr by
Wltiteltead pttt the Bulls ahead 26-6
at the ltalf. Dattc hopes were not
(lead yet. "it looked like things
were trtrning around a little bit. 1
still thought we ltad a good shot go-
i'rtg ittto the second half." cont~
rnctttcd Albany cornerback Bob .lo-
jo. who had a futrtble recovery. at
quarterback sack arid seven trickles
on the day.

lividcntly Buffalo’s Whitehead
had diffetcrtt ideas as he fotttid the
ertd 7011c for a fourth time. "Pat
just adds atrotltcr ditttcttsiott to our
offense. When they start kcyittg on
lrittt. things open up for everybody
else." said Bull quarterback Marty
Barrett. Barrett. whose aerial attack

 

’

is trsrtally tltc mainstay for the Buf-
fan offense. passed for a total of
295 yards attd was an incredible
dimension himself.

liric l.ilcy. the second strirtg Dane
thrower. was able to show sortie
fine passing of his owrt itt the’forrttlr
qtu 'tcr. l.ilcy found split cttd l’ctc
Mc(iratlt open twice to start and
finish a 73-yard rlrive. The l,i|cy-
Mc(irttth connection gained 42
yards to open the series. attd was
good for l4 tnore yards to score the
touchdown. A I’m llar'risott two
poittt conversion brought the
Albany total to l4

Bttt the Bulls tnatle sttre a Dane
comeback was otrt of the question.
Buffalo second quarterback Ken
llyer's rtinc-yard pass to Tony l’er-
cival. coupled with Weber's extra
poirtt kick attd all earlier 32-yard
field goal. provided the 42-14 final
score.

Ford would trot give any excuses
for the defeat. bttt ltc did explain
how key injuries to his team
definitely played it role. “I think we
really missed (Jim) ('anfield
trctttcndotrsly on the pass defense."
said ls'or'd about the absence of his
Will lit‘AC defensive player of the
year.

18>

  
 

 
 
 
 
  

 

w.- -:v

ll

 

 

VOLUME LXIX

SASU to battle
state budgeters
over dorm fee

and tuition hike

By Mark Hammond

.\I II S IIPIIHR

Less than two weeks remain until the
SUNY Board of Trustees trteets again for
what could be their final approval of the
Will-84 SUNY budget. At issue is a pro-
posal to raise dorm rates Silt). which SASU
l-adersarre trying to avoid by instituting
rrtottcy-savitrg Ill -asurcs such as tttility crtts
arid vandalism checks.

The November 2.1 rttcctittg rttay see a se-
cottrl SASU-SUNY clash trrticlr like the late
October ttteetirtg attended by sotne t5t)
students protesting the budget. A SI.2(-5.8
million budget was passed on October 27.
bttt student pressure convinced the trustees
to postpone approving the $80 rlortrt fce
hike. However. the $5 trtilliort tltc hike
would ltave getteratcd still rcrttaitrcrl iii the
budget artd will not he cut.

Also pettdittg is it move to increase orrt-
of-statc tuitiotr by SIAM) a year to generate
hilt) rrtilliorr. The proposal w' ' averted but
SASU leaders tiow fear it may win approval
at the ttc.\t meeting.

SASU President and sole student ’l‘tustce
.lint Tierney is presently investigating itt-
nosative ways to fill the $5 rttilliort rlottrt
ltikc gap. Utility savirtgs is the focrrs of the
SASU plan. as 'l'ict‘ncy cited a ltiglrly strc-
ccssl'trl SUNY Buffalo campaign which sat-
ed the campus $3 million last year.

“if Buffalo cart save $3 million in
utilities. i think we cart raise $5 million
within SUNY.” licrrtcy said. He suggested
window insulation attd limiting ltot water irt
academic buildings as big tttottcy savers.

Other options to be presented inclttde itt-
creased student participation in dorm
management. to save on faculty costs. Brit
Tierney stressed that SASU has yet to
finali/c its proposals. saying. “We’ve been
going over numbers arid are still irr-
vestigating."

The brrdget has been sent to the State
Division of Bttdget for extensive review and
recommendations. ' . will
cotnc before the State Legislature when
they recottvctte itt .lanttary and will meet
fittal approval by current Governor-elect
Mario ('rromo around April 1.

The budget requests over $991 milliort itt
state ftrttds wltile SUNY would contribute
$247.7 rttillion froru its incotne sources.The
new budget represents a rise of ii percent
over the current 1982—83 brrdget of $l.i4t)
million.

SASU fears the DOB may recommend a
tttitiort incr-asc this year. especially if the

7b

 

 

>
-.
C
I
7
r;
17
E
u:
E

DAN DICKER new PALTI ORACLE
SASU President Jim Tlerney
Uli/in t'rtls con/(I .tuve X5 million.

shim

 
  

 

 

 

ALBANY
STUDEN
PRESS

.rrotttie real issue
3 v " .. r t . »‘ t ,
ir'rrd'Morld. poverty is."

 

DAVE RIVERA UPS

Former Jamaican Prime Minister Michael Manley

'l'ltirrl ll'or/tl Int/[um Ilt’t'I/ tel/irelium‘r' t/IIl/ coo/retitlion Io \Itl‘t‘l't't'.

Manley attacks economic order,
U.S. Central American policies

 

By Bob (iardinier
.‘tl.tll ItklllR

Michael Martlcy. the former Prime
Minister of Jamaica and a fcrvcttt
spokesman lo the Third World. denounced
Reagan's policies in Central America. call-
ed for a new world economic order. and ac-
cused his sttccessor of allowing Jamaica to
become a “pawn” to the first world powers
in a Campus Center Ballroom speeclt
Wednesday.

Mattlcy. who lost the Will) .I‘
tion although to lzdward Scagtt. a free
enterprise candidate. observed that
although the Reagan administration is very
politically active in (‘entral America. it
overlooks the region's real problems.
“Politics is trot the real issue iii the Third
World. poverty is." he told the packed
ballroom. adding the Third World has to
break out of tire mold of rtrodcrtt trco col-
onialism and Ilrotc towards self-sufficiency.

 

Icc-

 

r.

Non-attgnment is one of the solutions to
the problems of Third World economy. tic-
cording to' the lorrdon School of
Economics graduate. Small nations should
have more “self reliance and cooperation
with caclt otltct btrt not to the extent of
open conflict." he said. pointing otrt that
his party was known for fostering friendly

’relations with Cuba. 90 miles awav. “This

cooperation was econotni 'ally profitable
bttt since S‘aga has becrt elected to potvcr
all (‘trban advisors have been asked to leave
Jamaica". he said. '

Mattlcy attacked the large rnulti-natiortal
corporations for monopoli/ing the tnrtrkct
place and maiutrrning a status rpm. “The
multinationals cart do what they please with
the market. they are trot accessible to the
people arid are rrrtt bv only a small group of
shareholders.“ he asserted. adding that
though the 2.5 rrtiiliorr people of Jamaica
rcccircd irtdcpcndcrrcc irt 1902. the old col-
ortial economy has deterred teal irr-
dependence.

llc called for a ttcw world economic
order that would protide "fair attd
cqrtitrtble cscltrmgc between countries and
limits on prices at the top and bottom." in
a 1975 New York 'I'I’Im-s ruticlc. Manley
stated that “malrlistributiotr of the world's
wealth and food is a moral offense artd
represents tltc greatest threat to peace."

Mattlcv's Democratic Socialist Party trtl-
crl .larrtaica from IUD-tit). l'lrc corttrtry rlrert
and now has sctcrc economic problems
with an unemployment rate treat It) pL‘I'~
ccrtt. “is party took control otcr batr\ite
industries and resources that supply (it) per-
ccrtt of U.S. need for tire mineral because
the party wanted to increase Jamaican ex-
port profits. ‘l‘lte party also exercised cott-
trol over fatttr land rttttl other resources itt
art attcrttpt to slttliililc the econortty.
However. according to critics from Scaga's
Democratic Camp. Manley's government
“ii-5' Plﬂgtted by tuistnanagemcnt. A British
strident and former resident of .lattutica
who‘ attcnderl the speech recalled that

‘ 5»

W, YORK AT ALBANY BY THE AlJMNY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION
Friday '
November 1 2, 1982

NUMBER'36

Redefinitions,
stricter rules
attempt to
curb cheating

By Karen I’lrozzl
\Irlll HRIIER

(heating is a tough problem i‘ti‘dqutiz—ride
witir. brrr l'hursday. November 4, the
tlrritcrsitt serrate Committee on Academic
freedom and lathics’ (CAFE). met to make
plans to .rctiutte a series of steps irt an at-
tempt to curb this prevelarrt pltetrorttcttort.

("Al-l ( omrnittce chairman, artd Assis-
taut l)c.ut ot (iratlttatc Studies Richard
iar rcll said that thc tttectitrg stctrttrrcd from
an open conference held last April. where
students and tactrlty voiced their \icws anrl
concerns about cheating here at Albany.
Sttggtsiitrlrs were tirade at that conference.
mid tltc tr'sttllittg ideas were consideth artd
ptrt ittto tm.rl form last week.

l-artell said that the University Senate rc-
questcrl tlt.tt ('Al‘li carry out its plans itt
corrirrrrctrou with the Council on Student
Atfairs. Now that an orrtiirre of steps has
been for rurrlatcd, tltc two councils will work
together to put tlrertt ittto effect. Action will
be taking place itr the \cry treat fttltrrc. Far-
rell added.

First. a formal definition of what the
university considers to be uncritical

 

 

 

 

 

ltcltatior will be established. This will be
make atailablc to students anri faculty itt
letters as well as such publications as the
Undergraduate Bulletin arid the Student
(itiitlr‘liltes booklet. srrid l-‘arrell. Part of the
problem. irrrrcll added. is that l€trglish
('ompositiorr. which used to be rcqrtircd for
all students. defined plagiarism itt class.
Now many students don't realize the
seriousness ol rt rtor reali/c even esactly
what it is. A clear statement from the
urritersity sltortlrl illuminate tltc cloudy
areas ol tltc question. said Farrell.

A secortd stcp. according to l’arrell. is the
notification of the stttdcrtts and faculty of
wltrtt course of action is to be taken when a
strrdcttt is caught cheating. arid the cottsc-
qrrcnccs irttolvcd.

lErtglish Professor llarry Stalcy believes
that we can cure the symptoms only by
dcwloping and strictly enforcing regrrla-
tirms, or we cart try to do sotttethittg tttorc
than that. to discover a cartsc for a lack of
academic integrity."

Staley. who rcsigtted as clrairtrrart of the
committee because of plans to be ill China
ttc\l year. attributed the problem. itt part.
to the emphasis on vatcct'isrrr." He said
that as chairman. ltc wasn't r 'rlly cottccrrt-
ed with cruittg symptoms because there are
already means of doing that.

“An effort should be tirade to encourage
a cottccrtt on the part of the university com-
ttnrttity for intellectual integrity." he said
adding that he hoped the statements beittg
planrtcd by this year's (‘Al-‘lE will help.

Stale} cited pressure on students as a
primary rcasott for cheating. He poitrtcd
ortt that tttatty students cheat to get an

 

“A”. and not just to pass, "Society has
created a situation where students want to
achic\c." He said that many of the students

at last year's conference ltcld by (All

noted the contpctitvctress of this institution
as a main reason for cheating. it was also
pointed ortt that the tnattncr in which tests
are given cart make it difference. The mttlti-
ple cltoicc tests are givert can tnnkc a dif-
ference. The trtultiple choice tests used by
many teachers are very easy to copy from.
as opposed to essay tests.

lixccutive secretary of the (.‘otnmittcc on
7»

   

  

 
 
 
 

  

 

