 
  
  

 

‘5.

 

ED

ryroar

A L

 

tion.

Homosexuals are not allowed in the military services or
itttelllgence agencies. Gays and lesbians discovered in tire
less-than-
honorable status. Our concern was been that a person.
drawn to one of these services by its advertising and in-
dtrcted. will face a life tainted by a less that honorable
military discharge. We Were also concerned tltat we create a

military are immediately discharged with

disservice by running ads with such important omissions.

From time to time we still recieve an advertisement from
one of these federal agencies. None of the ads contained the
information that they discrimirtale against homosexuals,
and we reject the ads.

This week we rcclevcd an ad from tltc Marine Corps. but
things were a little different. Their local public relations
man. Fritz Zimmerman lll. is excellent at his job. He spent
hours on the phone in several different ctrlls trying to con-
vincc us that the Marines don't discriminate against
homosexuals.

Ofcourse. those aren‘t the words he used. When we call-

For the past year. no advertisements for military services‘
and intelligence agencies have been accepted by this paper.
We established a policy last spring that we would consider
the advertisements from these federal agencies deceptive
and reject them unless the ads state that the organization
discriminates on the basis of sexual or affectional orienta-

Not for l0ve nor money

ed him yesterday afternoon.’he claimed that he wasn't
aware of a single case of a gay or lesbian rejected by the
Marines. That's sort of like Albany's University Club
claiming that they aren't aware of arty women denied
mentbershlp. It‘s simply absurd. When Zimmerman
discovered that he couldn't confuse us with absurdity. he
tried turn of phrase. He stresses that he doesn‘t
discriminate against homosexuals —- it's policy that comes
from Washington. He just follows his orders.

This rhetorical twisting continued for quite a while. Then
his logic took an even more bizarre turn. He said that rejec-
ting gays and lesbians wasn't discrimination. merely cont-
tnon sense. He likened a homosexual military pilot to a otte-
legged flyer. We told ltirn that we didn't consider one's sex-
ual preference to be that disabling. Then he got nasty.

Zimmerman explaitted tlittt every time recruiting teams
visit a campus. they report on ltow things went. lftltey ltavc
trouble —— like the student newspaper rejecting their ads —
they put that lit their report. This report then travels along
the tnilitary/btrrcaucratic pipeline all the way to the Pen-
ttrgon. He asserted tltat the report could have a number of
results. orte of which could be a witltdrawl of any military
funds this university rccieves — ranging from research
funds to tuition-paying students. in essence. he threatened
that if we didn't take the ads we could get our university itt

big trouble.

We told him we still weren't going to take the art. He
then prrt on his boss — Capt. James Court. the ltczttl ol the
local officer selection team. Court rcpcatcd what Zimmer-
man had said, and we told ltlm that we wouldn‘t take tht- .nt
unless they owned up to the fact that the Marine (‘orpt
discriminates against homosexuals.

You won't see the ad in this newspaper. After silttttc
through the bullshit they were trying to pass off on us it;
truth. we came to the realization that tltcy were telling my
clever lies. Their version of the truth is an interesting vrrritt»
tion on a basic lie — that discrimination against humour-v
rials is common sense.

Over the past six months, the military has been thrcrttt'u»
ing colleges and universities that bar or restrict recruitcrv
front their campuses because of their (llht‘l’lllllllitltuy
practices. Some of the colleges ltavc been intiirtidrrtcd turn
allowing recruiters on their campuses. We itatc to think that
we're going to get Albany State in trouble. but we will ltrrl
be intimidated by threats front the Marines.

We estimate that our advertising policy has cost the .rlsl'
several thousand dollars over the past two sclncstcrs. Wt-
certainly cortid use the money, bttt as long as lics like tltcxc
are “common sense." forcing the federal government to
tell the truth makes even better sense.

 

C

 

O L U

M

N

 

Rehumanizing America

' No longer is an American president emphasizing human
rigltts in American foreign policy.

‘ Though then President Jimmy Carter talked of human
rights during his administration. when it came to backing
that talk with actions. Carter demonstrated human rights
mrrst be secondary to political considerations

i
l Robert Martiniano
l mu “" _.‘-._— I

At least President Ronald Reagan is consistent in his
human rights policy. He does not believe his administration
should promOte human rights. attd his actions lack any
commitment to human rights.

lrregardlcss of the President's politics. we. as a society.
must .promote human rights and pcrsonal dignity as
America's primary foreign policy concern and primary
domestic policy concern.

What about nuclear power and unemployment? When
the rights and dignity of a people are the government's
primary concern. problems such as unemployment and tire
nuclear issue fall into place. Obviously if we believe in peo-
ple. we would believe in their right to work and cotttributc
to themselves and society and believe in their rigltt not to
live in fear of a nuclear holocaust.

Human rights go beyond our political beings. ()nc catt-
not profess human rigltts on orrc level and ignore tltcitt on
any other level. Rights and the belief in human digrtity must
be pervasive throughout our entire existence to be wortlt
anything at all.

Contradictions do exist, however. in America‘s approach
to human rights. and these contradictions don't appear to
cause Americatts as a whole any great concern.

We speak of the political freedoms which should be at-
fordcd to the peoples of lrcland of the Palestinian refugees.
but we ignore the political freedoms for the people of Puer-
to Rico. or even closer to home. tltc District of Columbia.

The people of l’trcrto Rico ltavc been suffering uttder col-
onial rule mtich the saute as the lrislt people have. We can-

not lessen the dcgrcc of colonialism solely because
American troops arcn’t engaged in a gucrilla war affecting
and killing every segment of Puerto Rico's society.

The people of the District of Columbia ltave been suffer-
ing under tltc lack of political rights tnriclt the satire as tltc
Palestinian people have. We cannot lessen the degree to l
‘ .‘.. :t tiic people of the District of Columbia lack political
t s solely because their land is marked by definite bouti-
darres.

Americans look outside the nation to condemn abuses of
civil rights. Are we that politically naive to think our owrt
nation is above abuses of human rights?

We condemn tltc Soviet Union and Poland for Poland's
martial law. The Reagan administration has doite
cvcryllting in its power. lllL‘tltCt. ssl‘ulty however. [0'
dcirionstrate its coridctiiitatiott of this abuse of the rights of
Polish workers.

Yet, if any of us lttivc llVCd through rrn attempt to
unionizc ottr place of work. we know tltc difficulties involv-

ed. Though unionization is beneficial for the workers. and
we havu seen organization rrltcr organization utiionlze. tltc

 

 

 

Ameri air system frowns upon unionization. Most people
involved are labeled as radicals. tnalcontents and often fittd
futttrc cntploytttcnt difficult to come by.

Though unionization in America hasn't cxpericticed the
same difficulties unionization irt Poland has as of late at
least. tltc fighting in the streets. the internmcnts. arid the
stigmas of association with unionization cart least
throughout oitr lifetimes affecting every aspect of our lives.

We criticize tltc abuse of power one people has over
another. We single out otltcr nations wltosc majority of
people iti power effectively destroy tltc rights and freedoms
oi minorities. South Afri‘tt has become America's ptiittc
example of this. Though we are concerned with lltcst:
human rights violations. we are not concerned crtottglt to
abide by economical sanctions placed upon South Africa by
the United Nations.

And of course there are no rttinoritics in America which
are afforded minimal rights attd freedoms. unless ofcoui'sc
we mcntion Native American. borlt poor Blacks attd Whites
in the inner city. Blacks. l-lispanics. wotiicn. and a myriad
of other minorities.

Morc‘rcgulations are pormulgtitcd irt this country to keep
mtnortttes in their plttcc--whcrcvcr tltc white male ruling

 
     
     
     
   

ARE. CONDEMtthG
ANY USE OF

NUCLEAR \NEAPON8
A6 lNllAORAlr

 

 

 

BUT WHAT
ABOUT TllQ.

“JUST WAR"
neon?

 

 

cl 's feels that place happens to be. Personal picjudr c
aside. Americans itt power have an uncanny way of l.ccpuw
tltcir power arid destroying others along tltc way. that is
what is commonly referred to as the great American drcnnr.

Human rights cotifcr different meanings to different pot-
pie. Wlurtcvcr rncatiittg we have for this term. lllllllldlkl'r
the dignity of the individual human being must be cttutttl
passed by the definition.

Whether that digrtity iitclitdcs the rigltt to work. or lltr'
rigltt to be ittclrtdcd in a digrtificd process to Ct'llL'xl
uncmployutcttt. human rights must elevate the pcrwvtt
above all other concerns-duelriding. (iod forbid, thc ~I.rtc.
. The impersonal and dehumanizing effects of qualitinrt-
tor. and receiving food stamps. any type of \\t'll.llt‘
assistance. even collecting uncmploytncnt trl‘tcr wor kitty ~ll
the-same place for twenty years is very pervasive ill our
society.

 

We ticcd to erase lltcsc dehumanizing 'ays irt out \Ut'lt‘l\
We tltcit ticcd to deal with the human rights violation. Ill
our own country. And finally. after we have clctmscd our
own country of human rights violations. tltcit we can tool.
to other countries and deal with their violation of lttllllitll
rights.

 

urtrotauttuew.
A rlllST \llAR
is no LONGER

rlll'éT A 

 

 

mower/ewe”  l

 

 

i
t
.
r
E
t
t
r
.

 

 

.. a...” wrwrv— ~- . ..-.-.

 

 

.a .. -... .....

 

 

L E _

T T E R

S

 

 

Simon’s ignorance

To the Editor:

Concerning Joel Simon’s letter entitled liigotry and
Feminism. we wish to clarify a few points. Mr. Simon is
correct. he exaggeratcs. Men do not have to “self-
rlghteously believe that the woman‘s place is in the kit-
chen or the bedroom" to be pigltcaded and ignorant. Mr.
Simon states that he "holds no objections" to the growing
feminist movement. We do not want or need his approval!

When he states that “feminism...is beneﬁcial to both the
women and to society". is Mr. Simon including women as
part of our society or segregating its as an entity in
ourselves? Mr. Simon‘s sexual preference. although he may
feel the need to coirtc out as a heterosexual. has no
relevance to ltow lie is viewed by his so—callcd lesbian-
fcntlnlst "friends". As art aside. not all feminists are les-
blans.

Ferninlsrn is a form of personal growth bttt it is not utiliz-
ed “as a means of making themselves ‘fecl' superior to
men." lnferiorlty is a state of ntind.

Yes. men are our oppressors. and with that lit tttiitd. ltow

‘ can we ever ltave a “mutual relationship towards a specific

goal?" Which "specific" goal is ltc rcferrittg rt? Docs Mr.
Simon really believe that he is on ottr side? is it only his
severalt?) lesbian/l‘cttiinist friends (?) who "regard him
with animosity. suspicion and condcsccnsion?“

It is never the duty of the oppressed to educate the op-
pressor. Women do not condenttt men who earnestly try to
educate themselves. Mr. Simon’s letter is trot based on total
ignorance. he is correct when he states that “bigotry is a
sickness which titatiy individuals itrc not aware they have.“
Perhaps we should all rc-cxarttine ourselves. Mr. Simon. to
ettd our discrirninatiotts.

—.loAi1n M. Collins
—Susun L. M. Slatky

—Curol|nc Klees
CASA’s defense

To the Editor:

Mark Gcsiter‘s reccttt ASP trrticlc "Sponsors charged
dattce group is anti-Semitic (November 16. pp. 1. l3).
calls for a response from one of tire event‘s sponsors which
takes exception to the charges—The Central American
Solidarity Alliance (CASA) ctr-sponsored Wallflower
Order: Dance ’l'hcatrc Collective with tile SUNYA Feminist
Alliance. The chinist Forum. This River of Worrtcn
Theatre Group. arid the Tri-City Women‘s Center at Page
Hall in Albany on November 6th. It is Wallflower Order
which is cltargcd with anti-semitism. the ('ASA does not see
it that way. We think tltc ASP irrticlc distorts tltc truth
about our role in bringing Wallflower Order to Albany.
and the truth about what Wallflower Order has to say to its
audience.

The ASP quotes (iaii l-‘rcidbcrg of the Feminist Alliance
as saying that CASA exerted pressure on ltcr group to stip-
prcss the fact that Wallflower supports the PLO. “The
feeling from CASA was ‘don‘t lct things get around. said
Frcidbcrg.” ltt fact. what ("ASA hoped would not be
publicized was rumored boycott by The Feminist Allirtttcc
of Wulll‘lowcr ()rdcr. dcspilc tltc Alliance’s ctr-sponsorship
of the cvettt. This rumor was circulated before checking
with the dancers about it possible dcdtcrrtton to the PH)
and before cngagittg iii a dialogue with them about it state-
tttcttt all tltc sponsors could ttcccpt. As Frcidbcrg said. by
the titttc the controversy began. it was too late to cattch tltc
performance. Publicity for tire cvettt had bccrt printed and
distributed. Uttlikc thc SUNYA—l'undcd l-‘citiiuist Alliuttcc.
CASA could hardly sustain tltc financial loss a boycott
would threaten. especially a boycott dramatically invoked
by u ctr-sponsor of the performance. So. wltilc it is ll tie that
some ol (‘ASA's ittitltrl ctttltnsittstn for sponsoring
Wallflower ()rdcr was lost it is not true that the ll'rrlll'lowcr
Orr/er tutttibcd our enthusiasm as the ASP article suggests.
(icsttcr wrote: “Although all tltc sponsors were initially eti-
thttsirtsttc to have tltc thcatcr collective perform irt Albany.
ttottc were pleased about rumors spread two weeks bcl'orc
the show. naming tltc ’alll'lowct' group its a supporter of
the PLO." ’l‘he ruritors CASA worried about concerned tltc
potential actions of The Feminist Alliance which seemed to
bc abandoning ship at the sign of tile first wt 1. leaving
(‘ASA iii ti storm that the Feminist Allinucc had labelled
“tittti-Scrnitic"..swhich brings its to tire central issue. is
wlttrt CASA brought to towrt. indeed is what The l:cmittist
Alliance brought to towrt. tutti-Semitic? Far from it!

What ('ASA experienced at \Vullllowcr ()rtlcr's perfor-
tntntcc was both what it expected. and what it promoted lll
its prc-pcrl'otttttittcc publicity. The political message was
clcttr. and its dcltvcry was poignant. Women have bccti and
still tire iii struggle: to survive with dignity; to discover their
identities; to assert their rights; to defend their children.
themselves. and their ltlL'lll‘i. l’ortt‘rtying physical, ertto~
tionttl. uttd political cinbttttlcmcnt. Wallfloch ()rdcr‘s per-
l'm‘tttttticc paid tribtttc to iunnigrattt woittctt. working
women, rlrurlgcrl women, ltlrrck women. and lil Salvadoran
women. Willi ‘rltlrct’lt grtrcc. tttlcnt. compassion. utid
lttttnor. Wallflowcr Or'tlcr cotttnttittlctttcd the breath and
depth of the lssttc‘. to it moved and enthusiastic audience.

 

 

-. m...” .. m .

dicnce.

CASA is quite accustomed to distinguishing between a
people and their government. The situations in El Salvador.
Guatemala. and Honduras prompt us to note that a
separate morality. polity. and social reality may be jux-
taposed with a murderous. dictatorial. and oppressive
governing leadership. it seems the Jewish people of lsracl.
and the public demand tlterc for a formal inquiry which
followed what the world acknowledges was a massacre in
Lebanon gives credence to this contention. Furthermore.
Israeli govcrtttncnt responsibility for the Lebanese massacre
is being seriously considered by the board of inquiry which
iii the last week of November. gave Prime Minister Begin
and Defense Minister Sharon a week to strengthen their
claims that they bear no responsibility for its occurrence.
So. while some American Jews might have a tottglt time
swallowing tltc bitter pill that a Jew can be oppressive in the
name of his people. Israeli Jews seem nm to be similarly
disabled.

Finally. a word in response to one of the Feminist
Alliattce members whom the ASP quoted as saying that
Wallflower Order “call themselves feminists when they're
really leftists." Feminism and leftisin are ttot. of course.
mutually exclusive categories. Tltat Wallflower Order has
as its highest priority solidarity with women is too obvious
to debate. That their political views on worttcn preclude a
conservative philosophy is equally obvious. They do not
stand for the .\'/uIll.\‘ qrrrr. What seems to be at issue is a bid-
den criterion l'or acceptability to the SUNYA Feminist
Alliattcc: namely. a curtc bluncltc to tltc Israeli gchrrtment.

—-,'Margaret Klrwln
The Central American Solidarin Alliance

Knowledge of law

"To the Editor:

As it student and a Central (‘ouncil member. i feel coin-
pcllcd to comment on tltc rcccttt press regarding the im-
peachment issue and tire allegations directed toward the
council us cxprcsscd in last Friday‘s cditorittl (December 3).

Althouin it is true that Cctttral Council members are
elected representatives. does that tiictrn that We
automatically bccotitc versed in New York State Law?
Perhaps we are guilty of not knowing that we had to take a
formal vote to commence Executive Session Novcrnbcrl'l.
l)tll not only was tltctc justification given btrt the decision
of the chair was supported by the body as u wltole. The
cditor-in-chief assumes the (‘ouucil was not aware of the
Open Meetings Law. II is my contention that with the infor-
mation that members had at the tintc and being under those
circumstances. the body acted irt the way tltcy thotigltt was
iii the best interest of the student population. Do you think
that tltc members wanted to bc vindicthc or could it
possibly be that tltcrc were good intentions? Belicvc it or
not. Ccntrtrl Council Representatives are people too and
they try to do tltcir best wltilc also dculittg with the caldettt
pressures of being a student.

in regard to not having ti roll call \otc during executive

session. it was not “blindly ignored." i personally tltirtk
that it was doitc with Neil's feelings itt tttittd and tire fact
that regardless of the outcome. the group would still have
to work together iit tltc future. If tltc voting issue is such a
disscivicc to the constituents. how come none of tire otltcr
votes that are not taken by roll call hate not been qucstiori-
cd'.’ There are many times that (‘onncil \ntcs by voice or
hand for certain reasons (for c\tttltplc. expediency).

The last point I would like to mention is tltc general over-

tonc of tire editorial. Although it is the purpose of tire

   

      

.\t it

 

.t-..
“I.”

CﬂspectcS

Doarr Datr. Editor in Chad
'Wityrur Paaraboorn. Managing [rlrlrrr

i é

Established in 1916

i
t
1

Editorial
News Edlluta .
Associate News Editor
ASPaeta Editor . . .
Associate ASPaota Editor
Sound Editor
Vlllon Editor
Sports Editor
Aaaoclatn Sparta Edltore
Editorial Pnnoa Editor
Copy Editor . . Nancy Drorturiks
Contributing Editor . . . . ../turtrcw Carroll
Editorial Assistants: ltulr Gnrttuuur, Dot-inn t‘rotrdtr, Stall wtlluta: (‘ritur
Alrt‘ttll. liltWrtltl l‘r-rtctt. Mllur llrrrttroit. lit-tit tlirtttirrr, tiny Cultpltiru. Kurt Ctttv
.tor. At‘r tittrttrr. it may Ctilrrttchtrril. littl)l'll Kutrutittr l)lt'.ktiy. Dill l‘tttctrtrr.
lllillly Gntluni. Scott Gulhcltwrtl. ltotrrnt Gordon. Strrvu Gousui. Stuphuu In.
ltrrlrt. lturuao turrpht Chariot; M. Gruouo. lltrtu Lovinn. Donna MtithItrm. Craig
lrlulklt. Drrvrrt lullttlrllt'lliott. l trrrrti Nuns. Mtitt Ntrthola. Bob O'urlurr. Catt Polka.
Karon l’lltllll. l‘hll i’lvmrtk. Linda Qillltll. l.tr rtutclr. tlanrty ttoth, [Elton Sun
turnout. (Ivan Schwartz. l.|rrruirrn Srikotowskl. Spectrum and Event: Editor:
ttorit (ltrtrihnrri. Kori Dortrbrmtn

Buslness
florinlo Stavaru, ttrrsimrns Manager

llady Broiler. Assoc/rite ltrrsrnass Mrinrigar
Jattat DrulIuiis. Advert/sing Manager
John Trolauo. Satori Mrinrtgur

Mark ttnrirnrrrrrrtduri K.rp|uwttr
Urrlrlourirluo
Dotttiro lITllllllrlil
MrrnntrG lrrylor
ltrrlrrrtt Sr litrtrtrtur
litrttrtutiVutiDrrrtliuruh
Marc liarrpnt
Mark Gromnr, Mum Sctiwirr:
.t.t:tn Strum

 

editorial to express the opinions of the paper. or the editor-
ln-chief. l thotrght that it was extremely sarcastic. a sper-
sonal attack on Council. especially Jeff and a piece of
writing that lacked maturity and professionalism. To
reduce to name calling does not imply good journalism. but
sensationalism. To suggest that Jeff does not care and that
Council is irresponsible is an injustice. The chairs or the
committees and members of Council spend not only time
brrt effort in trying to reprcse their constituencey and
make jtrdgcments on a vast number of issues in the best way
that they know ltow. As far as "power games" are concern-
ed. I would like to know speciﬁcally what the editorial
thought it was referring to. it would seem surprising ifthe
ASP itself was never the victim .of occasional conﬂicts of
opinion and personality within its staff.

Let me pose some questions to the ASP if t may: when
will Central Council get press on the good things that it
does for a change? Docs tltc editor have some reason wlty
he looks upon the body negatively? Do the students of this
University know that we directly or indirectly represent
almost every student group on this campus? ll" Council is
being criticized for not being fully aware. why did the ASP
fall to realize that the Supreme Court Justice played and
important role in the issue? 1 expressed my ideas as best i
could and many of them are also the sentiments of Council.

if this one instance warrants you to think that Council is
riot responsive to the students or doing its job. then you
don‘t really know what it is all about.

Fair boundaries

To the Editor:

| find it hard to believe tlitrt tltc ASP as the only campus-
wide newspaper. would choose to slander so tntitty people
with n few words. it is fine tor the ASP to take a stand for
what it believes is the law. however. was it necessary tor the
ASP to stoop to idlc nitrite calling to advance its cause? The
ASP chose to characterize SA's governing body as “ar-
rogant. ignorant idiots." yet you fail to say who you chose
to shower with your insults. Did you mean the Executive
Branch? Did you mean Central Council as a body? If so.
ltow can you characterize an ctitirc group in one blanket
statement?

You have the unfortunate position of being the only
newspaper on campus. Why do you choose to lower your
image among the public by printing foolish statements
about “SA's governing body" witltortt clarifying who you
mean. l be A SI' has it responsibility to report the news fair-
ly and lit rm objective manner; please live up to that respon-

—(‘athy LnSrtsa

sibility.

if you believe you are right itt your beliefs. you should by
all means pursue it lit the way you judge most fit. However.
do not turniin the image of anyone in Sttrdcttt Association
itt one of your articles or editorials. Your position should
not be one ofcarryirtg out personal vcndcltas. but only that
of reporting tltc news.

Yott far exceed tlte boundaries of fairness scvcral times
irt your December 3. 1982 issue. I for one. am ltighly disap-
pointed iu the ASP for lowering this matter to a personal
level and believe you owe quite a few people apologies.

—-l)an Rr'mb

According Io Ilre SA CUItXIl/tllllt’t. (‘entrrrl (‘otrrtcil is the
governing lmrly rrl'Stmlr'rrl Assrrcrrxliorr.

Tltt' slrrtcrrrclrl rrlrorrl (‘crt/rrrl ('r “NC” was made iIt an
editorial. The from large story r tour the "reeling ti'as
lrrrlrrnrx'rl rmzl fair.

—ED.
4—-

Billing Accountant:

Payroll Supervisor

otllce Coordinator .. .. ...
Ctaastltud Manager .... .Micko. Frank
Corirposltlon Manager . ... .. . . Melissa Wassermnn
Advertising Salary l’rrtoi Forward. Nr-tt Susarnan. Advertising Production
Managers: N n t, Horowitz. Susan Pr-trrlmari. Advent-Ina Production:
Ruodeo Sonar. ltrrrrr Clitlrltlrlu. Jane Hirsch. Michelin Hurowltr. Julie Mark.
tEttrrcu stovtrr, l'l'trrtttttl Wort. olllcn Stall: Educ-ll Newman. Guy Forces

KarorrSardoll. .ludy Tore‘
. Artrtne Kallowltz
. . .iertttllor Bloch

Production
thetr Durschlaq. Production Munriqaz
Michael Carmen, Ititvld Michael-cit. Assnsrarc Production Managers

Chlallypaaollor . tlutltleliyari
\'urtlcnlCiiIItutir . . . . . BtllBonrtlti
l‘aata up: Jtrllltrt: ll.r|ht't_ Attnru Barrett. Luallu Dt.ittrtn. Gull Mitrrell. Patty Mit-
t7ltttll Typlslsz Jtiyr rt [hills ilill Bee-troy. Etlt‘it D'Atltttllu. Mtt'y Drtumtn. Mickey
Frank. J.I.lttl't. litl’it'l‘ ltlr'm. uvrr Glﬂllﬂllﬂtllll. Ellirtltt'l'l Huyrrun, thny
llrrbr-r. Kr-lly lutrc. lit-rm. l‘.rtk. Dabble. ﬁctit'tet. Mark Wnltr-r. Chaullunr: Joo
Otltrrrskt

Photography

Suppltort principally by Utthtiit-ll)‘ l‘liolrr "rt ‘
Chlat Photographs: litrvc Atdrrrr. UPS Stall: t.trr
[silly Coltrru Sttrrtt‘. ".oltrtrr. Urtvtti i‘ ttl‘rt'll. M‘r ltt-‘ro Krrlt'ttnr"
Minus-neon its Mttttr-ttmn. Alurtktnrrt'r "it. .rult ir Mllrtltr‘l t1
l.t:.rr qlrlllllttllﬁ. [rim Stirrup-I, Finn: '. '.‘ .r. n I=r.-»r lllll V.tlit"t.rt r,
Marty Watcoo, Will V'rrrmnrt

 

r istrrrtoru up up
Berrtrrtmo Alan Datum.

ttr‘ ..

 
 
    

Er-

    

 

It‘l

Entire contents errpyrlaht 19!? Albany Student Frau Carporatlori.

Tito Albany {itrirtont Pruau la published ltrrmdttys and Friday: outwirren
Annual and Juno by the Albany Strrrtoiit Puma Corporation. an trirtoport lt'nl
rtot-tor-piotti corporation.

thtrrrtuta our written by tttr.I Editor in Chart with rrrontbors ot thrr Edttcrlal
horrid: pulley ta ttttltlocl to review by tho Editorial board. Arttoriismu policy
iuttu not ttrrtrrrtiutirtly tolltirzt editorial policy

Millllllu .trtriruns
Albany Sturtout Pruaa. CC 329
1400 Worthington Avu

 

Alllult‘y, NY
tbtlli 457~tltttt

 
 

’4 I"

 

 

 

It

 

