 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Residential Opportunities. Inc. a private not lor pro/it
corporal/on that operates community residence programs Ior
the mentally retarded In the capital district area announces
several lob openings for resident counselor stall. At present
there are several positions available Ior immediate occupancy
as well as numerous positions that will become available In V
early 1983 due to our opening of a new residence at that time.

The Resident Counselor position Is one In which the

Individual would be responsible tor working with the stall at our

agency In a team approach to providing a wide range 0!

services to our clients who live In group homes. These services

Include activities of daily living, transportation, money
management, recreational services, as wall as Informal

counseling, lamily liaison and advocacy work. This position
requires a partlel“llve In" commitment (not more then two
nights a week) and a commitment to the basic rights and

dignity of people with developmental disabilities.

 

Britt

San Francisco
City Supervisor
National Gay
Rights Activist
Vice Chair of
Democratic Socialists of America

will speak

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

tnent of discrimination stemming from her
explicit opposition toward their conception
of a chamber orchestra during the past
summer.

In the letter dismissing the violinist, Bush
recalled warnings to all of the symphony
musicians earlier in October that “stricter
adherence to the master agreement would
be required,“ and said that Sactta had been
previously admonished personally by sym-
phony music director Julius Hegyi. Bush
alleged, ilcgyi had once criticized Sactta on
various counts, implicating her' perfor-
mances of both leadership and musician-
ship. _

“They've got all the money, all the

powerIa'nd they‘re using it." said Professor

    

 

behavior at the October 16 concert had
undermined not only her own performance
on that date, but that of "at least two of her
colleagues" as well. According to Bush,
certain audience members and musicians
had taken note of Saetta's violation and de-
nounced it.

in her 17th season with the Albany Sym-
phony, Saetta is the initiator and director of
Capitol Chamber Artists, and has reported-
ly been playing professionally since age 12.
She emphatically denied that she was ill
violation of her contract. "The curtain call
was for 8:30. and i did not rise after titlS,"
Sactta said.

A conversation of union matters had
taken place between the violinist and two

I
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l

time) and appeared to be speaking to so-
meone.‘ " Under oath, Saetta stressed,
Bush voiced her intention to call the police

'and have Saetta removed front the premises

as a result of the alleged action.

Neither Bush nor Peter Kermani. presi-
dent of the board of directors ofthc Albany
Symphony Orchestra, would offer com-
tnent for the local papers. Bush curtly read
.1 statement specifically prepared for
newspaper people saying, in short, that the
Albany Symphony Orchestra was presently
involved in a labor dispute and was making
no comments in regard to the case. The
association was keeping silent, the docu-
tnent read, to avoid causing embarrastnent
to Snelta.

paid as management saw fit. They Were to
take a substantial cut in payment for each
performance and would not be entitled to
seniority or tenure.

Under the provisions of the symphony's
present contract, Saetta added. audition
procedures were regulated to allow input
from the orchestra and increased fairness in
the choice of candidates.

“We have a system of checks and
balances,“ she said. Presently, audition
policies require that respective section
leaders be present at the audition of those
to be placed in their group, and that these
try-outs be conducted from behind a screen
to prevent unwarranted discrimination.

.

I.
 _ DECEMBER 3, [982 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 7
it Students who are completing. therr .  W V  r 
s- I . , i
 undergraduatedegree  m  Th M ET A ~ Violinist takes to al action against symphony v
»:- December, their families and friends are E  R P g -
. . , .
 [)1 v1 ted to the 14 / ‘ _  By Jane! Aschkemsy 3,; ' i‘cllow musicians prior to the 8:20 deadline. in late July, Seetta was one of 33 A50
A  fawn -: W . '  I ’ k said Saetta. Nevertheless, Sactta and others musicians collectiver hiring an attomeyto
f State University of New York at Albany .  H has been two “"3?ka Since Mary Lou ': “ orchestra members. who chose to remain combat the terms of a chamber orchestra
. , Wlne nd Cheese ace 1 Sactta, formerly the leader of 'the Albany anonymous, said that the. ten minute Or- then proposed by management, speciﬁcal-'
i    . , . Symphony Orchestra's 2nd Violinist scc- dinance had never been strictly adhered to. ly, Bush and Kcrmanl. ' ‘
‘GhPISbInaS Eve i tion. was notified of her dismissal from the and violation or this role was fairly com- Although Saeua herself was chosen to
V i orchestra. This action has become a matter mon. participate in this orchestra, she explained
, with Eve Cohen ’  of strong controversy. According to Saetta, sanctions are not thatoppogltiontothe smug" group 516mm.
, [0 be  0n  , S i Sactta. the wife of SUNYA music pro‘ enforced by orchestra management, cd from the management's refusal to_
‘ . . ‘7 Featuring a Program of Easy “5 L Ullmtcl‘ i lessor, lrvin Gilman, was informed in a let- "unless they so choose." respect the ASO’s standing contract in con-
Sunday Dece’nbe,  at  I” ‘ Listening Music  tcr October l9 that as a result of the in accordance with what Saetta termed sidcmtion ofthc newer group of musicians.
“ I '_ ', ,: , _ . ; violinist's violation of her contract, she had the conventional "grievance procedure", According to Sacha, there were mans to
- the us_ center Ballr00m°A “(a “um I 3' d 8‘ mi " been expelled from the Albany Symphony. her case was considered in two hearings by implement the chamber orchestra under
recepflon  fol/0 w_ CAMPUSCEMER PATROQN ROOM The contract in question requires that the highest body of the American Federa- conditions or the existing comma, but
, 2.. mi. players he prepared in their respective seats tion of Musicians. The final decision of the Bush and Kcrmani chose to abandon the
' ‘ Hum“ AND SATURDAY < I ten minutes before the scheduled start of international executive board was that Snct- agreement altogether. They argued that the
"' D, UM,mgn'wuulm‘mtmﬁ [A 1 any public performance or rehearsal. la‘s charges be dismissed. The ViOIiniSl Was proposed orchestra would, Saetta said, “be
—~  3 Symphony manager, Susan flush, alleged to be fully reinstated with payment for per— starting from scratch," and would "have
that Saetta stood engaged in conversation formances missed since her dismissal. As nothing to do with the A80, although the
‘ with two other musicians less than ten 0 ED "Anuss'c" “’5 the orchestra management refused to abide conductor and manager wou|d be the same.
. ~ ‘ v , lrvlng Gllman _ . . . . ,. . ' .. ‘ .
minutes before the October 16 concert was Wife I." rig,” my“, a! righ—w—I HIM ~ﬁ~ by this ruling, however, Sattta again plans and advcnmng wank] continue under the
  N H U  N to begin. to bring her case before the courts. auspices of the Albany Symphony."
\i '.\‘i*\ t r: mi lw‘m AHth l'n'wnn Snelta, who is in the process of initiating Gilmnn, principal t‘loutist for the Albany “They had no witnesses m the 135. hour.
8 E    D   D legal urbilfﬂ‘lo" “EniHSl “‘9 A'b‘my sym' 5W“D"°“Y~ “My Wm WM "5W mum in h” ing." said Saettu, who did not believe that Saclta said that although she and othctn
"  7"  DhUHi’. TCJL‘CIS the contention “‘31 “CT St‘ﬂl ill “10 “PDTOPHSIW lime-H he Slulc‘lv “'3' there had been any disruption whatsoever supported the proposal of the new group in
 idi-‘i'llihﬁll was based 0" he" immune“ dint; "‘3‘ ""3 W" mint“ ml“ w“ H“ pmc' of the October 16 show. "Susan Bush said theory, they feared that the musicians
J O B A N N O U N  M E  a  “egregious and disruptive behaViOr” 0" lice that has "CV" 1W" “(muted-H she looked at her Timex at 8:22 and “would lose all or the advantages they had
_ , 0010b“ WHICCUSinSth OFChCSlmnmnﬂgc' Bush asserted in the letter that Saetta's 8:24. . .she said ‘You got up (during this fought for." Without the protection of
" ' their contract, said Sactta, they could be

A; ip—HVV A v V

Residential Opportunities otters a starting salary of

approximately $10,000 per year as well as over two weeks paid
vacation, 12 days a! sick leave a year (with a sick leave buy 4. ‘
rack plan), eight paid holidays a year, two days 0! personal
cave a year. as well as lull paid health and dental Insurance.
Residential Opportunities Inc. provides an excellent ln-servlce    4 p’ m’ V ’re   
, £31...—
at SUNYA 3 CC Ballroom 459 3100

training program that not only provides valuable education but
1375 Washington Ave.

also provides for the Individual employee's continued
professional growth and advancement. This position Is an

. excellent entry level position Into the lield. It provides our
employees with valuable experience and continued preparation
tor a career in human services. Many 0! our employees are
recent college graduates who will either advance on with us or ‘
other human service agencies Into management or clinical ’ “

support positions. or, who after gaining practical experience, Ilemsz

will continue on with their education at the graduate level. II t” 00 Ulllwml AJmlqul]

you are nterested in beginning a career In human 3 r ‘ ‘ 3‘33 l ‘ ' V ' '
a position that is more than lust a job. submlt your $92551: Ydih ‘ k mde “ “hm” hm “Ink

 

., ,
‘7-.\0 \tuih‘nts \\nh tux \ili'ti‘;

 

“you're a senior and have the promise ol'a $10,000 career-oriented job, do you know
what's Stopping yntt from getting the American Express' Card?

You guessed it.

Nothing.

Because American Express believes in your future. But more than that. We believe

i
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
t
t
l
l
t
. , . , l
in you now. And we re provmg tr. .
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
l
i
l

\\.ott.tlul)ttt-tloi Um i’Hil" ' I
in... i .

tutti [lt‘niutmttt ‘1 . 
SA l-‘t’NDlilJ 

lit-aileron] ttppotiunnttw, lut
lie) \lohmxl. Sllet't

t oboe», Ne“ tort it‘ll-t7

\n equal nppottuiun cinplmer

s

65
9

Special Rate |
°8ing16 ofDoubIeI

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A $l0,000 job promise. That‘s it. No strings. No gimmicks. And this offer is

 

 

 

   

 

 

   

 

 

'
O------------------------------‘..

 

 

 

 

 

. .. ,mmhrru-‘it't I— — — — - — — — —‘— — WITH COUPON-l even good for 12 months alter you graduate. “
I | . . MONDAY- LUNCHEON But why should you get the American Express Card now? 
m U   FR|DAY SPECIALS Because the Card is great for shopping. at
l Whether it's a new suit for the job or a newlstereolfor borne, rhAc Aitnericafn '
Se Express Card is welcomed at the linesr stores al over t to country. he even i you I,
pre “ts g need furniture for your place. you can do it with the Card. i
  s . d Ot'eourse, it‘s also great for restaurants}hotfls, and travel]. it alsoihegins to 
- O establish your credit history—for any really \ig t tings you mig it ltL‘CL. 'r
Y    3 4 O » ' So ﬁll in the cou mn below and American Ex tress will send you a Special ‘
I . on i l I
l  S  Student Application right away. along with a free handbook that has everything you "
 I -  O I I d ' need to know about credit. Orjust look tor an application at your college btmkstorc
 II -   .,   or on campus bulletin boards. ﬁ
‘ 4‘30-520 __ _ _ _ _ _ __ __ _ _' The American Express Card. Don't leave school without it.”M "
$1.50 w/ Tax cand $2.00 w/our  d '- "' _ - — I ' ' " ‘ W—F , ‘   "1| r 3
' ’ ” ‘ ‘ - l V ‘ I for the American inpress' Card an the free 1
'- I‘ l  “ '  s I 0 I Credit Handbook. , ,
l' y. ‘ i I I Mail this couponmx l g
f;    . I I American Express C-mnp‘an‘ ‘ I Iv
:-    $ ﬂ ' “d I 0'00 I 0 r l I iii-Vii:ﬁtldhﬁ‘tiéilti“  I g ,
A ‘ ‘ V Ni"..- . 1
'J r. It knows ' what Scares you. I I l $7,"? ““““““ ‘w “““ "_' l f '
i ‘ ‘1 = ' ' AN [l l |—*—“ " ism—m I r
J :_ . 0  A I \_ I t u. .m. I. I l
;: 1:10 ANd 10:00 mid“th ml I , 
__ r—i. .. n .u. “09””. '9 ‘ ° ' ' ' ‘
i  ‘ ‘ ’“Jrlmtxm I ' ‘ "H » . , .. . .. ,. ..-. .. ., .-v,i_'.u'.‘:A;‘n-.~fl 
. . ~ ‘ > ' '1 .. I ‘ V I ‘ ‘ l

.. . ,, ..  ......~............,........._.. .. . _».. ...... Mmm~._f

 

