 
 
   

 

 

_ .. onyx“ -_\

.,~_. _.—.__ .

--.-. _ ._,.

- ‘abc’s ' '

gm garnerittzsii'ttssz

 

 

51¢"th from my forthcoming book, entitled A Time To Apologize.

Thursday, 4:00 pm
Carroll leaves social history class. conteirrplating what Ire always felt was his treirteiirtous
tolerance of others. and heads towards ASP office. Approaching top of the stairs. he can't
lrelp but notice that close to 75 people are jamming the productiotr rooms. Carroll is secret-
ly thrilled. never having seen suclr a response for an ASI’ itrterest meeting. Carroll is wrung.
though: Ite discovers that he is wititesslrrg the takeover of the offices by tlte First World
Coalition. which is not allowing Asptes to enter or leave the offices. and pt'ttlltlSL‘S tltat
_ rtitles's' certaitt dentandsare met. the paper will not publish that evetritrg. (Iairall straps trtto
titttrtediate action: he rushes to art outside phone. and makes plans for ltls first 'I'hurstlav
ttiglrt off itr two semesters.

Thursday. 4:30 pm

Unable to fiitd it friend itot beitrg Ireld hostage. Carroll dials the ASI’offrce and is asked to
c Jittt. upstairs to work as a negotiator. I‘leroically. he relents. Ieavitrg his quarter
pounder fried onions trrrtil a little later.

Thursday. 4:40 pm
\(l ._ . > , — , t '
b I tgortartrtns have begurt Willi I‘WC (arroll begins to feel claustrophobic iii the small
HilalttchlS o lice. encouraged not to leave by the black sleeved ntarsltalls guarding the doors
mt. IIS {)1 so beginning to feel hungry. feverishly so. I- WC has come prepared wrth a loaf of
It stri tLi;( arid a bag of raisins. Carroll gets the hives from raisinsi He cannot believe the
urinento captivity and fearshet * ' ‘ '
. nay siatte or her time hysterical. He (“ttt'l b I ’ r ' ’ "

beeit fifteen nrittutes. ' ' "'ch " sun'y

Thursday, 5:30 pm

Astiegotiatlons continue With the Coalition. who demand. among other things. that the

d. Issue an apology for past transgressions. and promise to act nicer in the future. Carroll
tsagrees with a few points. but remembers the quarter pounder. mentally adds chopped

mushrooms to the fried onions. and agrees to everything.

Thursday. 6:00 pm
Th
reluctriaulplcal media have picked up on the story. and request air ASP spokesman. Carroll
served 1 ’y agttcs to appear on ttv. Yet something tugs at his conscience. Will credibility be
r I s ’- - '
new i re) Ecoines a media whore. ustng the local press to further the needs of a student
spaper. arroll is lravrng trouble deciding. when he realizes he doesn't It iv ’ ' b
Later. channel 10 ' L " com '
Tlte negotiators are lttt ' ‘ '
patiently waiting for a stateirtent lroi ' '
. n the ‘ '
the talks become bogged down. un'wmly'm'su'mk and
Thursday, 6:15 pm
W t ' . ‘ -
M‘Iord LtlittL’S frotijrlr IltL outside world I*eartng reptrsals. Notional ltinrpoon and Mud
(tuznre cease pu icatrorr Macy's cancels tt‘ ‘ ' '
. V . s White Sale. 'ttrd Cll '
the iocltey lamp from his frortt lawn ' "U" Whar'u" "'m'wc's

“ [NTROSPECTIVE

 

 

     
    

m*'
. Stde
3a Miles on Jewishness. Edelstein on {rte

dedication. ' "duh'p' and Fred Miller" on
4a Academia nuts: a report by Dave Brooks.

So Is sex all it's cracked up to be. Find out in the centerfold
6a Dave Edmunds. Martel Hemingway, and Michael Urbaniali
7!: Two funny things and a laser light show. '
8a Fun and games on Diversions.

Cotter photo by Marc Ilerisclte/

 

Thursday. 6:30 pm
Still awaiting the president's message. Carroll suggests the negotiators trrtler

ntottun is unanimously ratified. pending approval front FWC's organizers that i...

agt'eetitettt. btit a dispute arises over which kind to order. Carroll's llllllllitt It It w "H" 'l'

is reiecled. aird FWC refuses to allow pepperoni, Finally. a hastily assettrliletlt Illt

up of neutral parties decides to hold off for a later road trip to I)uttktn' llltltltls "W'm'v

“ l’u’m Ilii'

-.Ir.r t Item:

Thursday. 6:30 pm

Carroll is thinking Bavarian creme when the president's message arrives tlt'liti‘lt
ASP for material printed iii the April Fool's issue. Carroll is convinced of Iltt' iii: liq-"l"
sincerity. realiring it takes any person over three weeks to decide If he finds sort ' l "m "I '
suiting attd detrteaning." " ' "H" m

Thursday. 9:00 pm

Ihc last two hours ltuve been a itiglrttnare for Carroll. who can't believe IIII' \I ill il
Iemotional abuse heaped tipon lrfm in one evening. He knew he shouldn't ll I‘i
itintt’. ' ' ' '

ttlltl
ttlif'll

’_ r . s )n ‘ V. ' .

H Iappy with the A5] s concessions. the protestors finally relinquish the 'lfl't w ill I'lltl
rill. sports editor to go ahead with the publication of the controversial wornt-ri's tut“. t It ill II
it e. ' ' ' '

‘ Llarroll breathes a sigh of relief that the evening wetrt as smoothly as it iiitl iiiI Illt'
v" , . . » . , r ' ' ' ' '
I )ltlltt’L‘ was averted He walks down the hall. firtally able to relieve htrttselt i'rt ti ..Ilt Ii
U)th rave all alotig. but he thought it might be fun trot to for a while '

' Alli SUTHIS well until (.arrnll returns to the office. and discovers the /\.‘il' I\ iiu i it llr’ll
I” V ’ I I ‘ i . . . t
)l :ttgc ry rrtcmbers of the Big Sticks floor hockey team. who are dentanditiii ‘I it I tlll
i c c rovrrage of the rrrtratrtural championships. Carroll is prepared ftii if i I it I

.. .. ., .s it

emergencies by now tliittks quickly ’ ‘
r t » . artd tIeCttIes on 1 Club 1 ‘ - '1 r '
d 'mm‘mc‘! t l titttct. fitt solid l t ‘J .Il.< :\li

 

 

 

**************

Amnesty International
Weekend

**************

Friday April 24:8peakers: Human
Rights Situation in El Salvador and

Communist China LC 2 '
Admission 4'00pm Free

Saturday April 25: Secret
goliceman’s Albany Ball

Tir:leee Bands: Brigit Ball, Isa, and
IBier, Sgda and Munchies

n tan —Lounge 9:00pm—7 $1 75 '
advance $2.00 with t ' ' m
Withouf ax card $2.50

Advance Tickets on sale in CC Lobby

Sunday April 26-F-r
International ' 'm 0“ Amnesty
Speaker: Human Ri ,

- ths in Cu t .
Question and Answer Session a amala
LC 2 3:00pm Free Admission

 

I University Bus Service

 

 

Notice

 

In accordance with University
Policy effective May 3, 1982 State
University at Albany ID Cards must
be shown to ride University buses.

If a student does not have a
university ID card, a temporary bus
pass can be obtained at the vehicle
operations center with proof of
registration at SUNYA. If a student
is gorng to have a guest on campus,

a temporary guest ass will
be obtained. . p have '0

Passes can be ob ' "
' _ I tatned w1th
identification at the vehicle proper
operations center Monda

I thro h
graday 9:30am to 11:30am}; and ug
C.e Otpm to 3:00pm, and at Campus
amp gr Saturday 8:30am to 12:30pm

unday 12:30pm to 11:00pm.

 

 

 

     
  

CIQSBLLQQK

Defining ‘
e
Jew

Jonathan Miles

 

This week. 4|; err-tr '.\'\'Ul(. finds the
nation of Israel in the headlines. The
Jewish nation \t-ettis lit he a local point for
world .ttteirtttitt as it has been throughout
history. even when dispersed amongst
’nratiy nations lit the century which
witnessed Adolf Hitler's attetnpt to
elitirrnate the Jewish people. a drs‘cusston
of the singularity of the Jews is a very
delicate proposition I even hesitate to ask
sitttieune "Are you a Jew?" because of the
tense atmosphere which past events have
produced surrounding that question The
Jews are a trtarked people. all the more so
because they've been marked for
persecution.

The fascinating question is who are these
people, and why are they special. The
Jews themselves are not in agreement as
to what exactly rs meant by the tertrr
"Jews," whether it denotes a religion. a
race. an ethnic group. or a nationality. A
famous test case occurred in l‘ittt‘i before
the Israeli Supreme Court. when
Commander lieniamin Sltaltt of the Israeli
Navy sought to register his children as
Jews by nationality but itttii-beliewis tit
religion. The Israeli Minister of the Interior
blocked his request. prottrptittg this
argument from Shalit.

"It is not fattli that unites us as a riatioir.
I'ott rtraity people do not practice religion
for tlral The cultural and sociological
factors are the ones that determine who is
a Jew Not the memory of a prtirrttive
religion My children were born in Israel,
speak Ilebrew. live lit a I‘Ieb'iew t ttllute.
and go to llt'l‘tt'W schools. 'l'lrev know
nothing else How can the Interior Minister
say lltttl they are not .lews'?"

'I'lie (Tourt titled iti favor of Slrttlit,
i'irusttig tlie National Religious I’arty til
Israel to threaten to ptill out of the
government coalition 'I'lie gtm-rtiitit'nt
reversed the decision the next day arid
returned to air atribigurius religious

definition

A Nirv. I‘lltH poll (if [.500 Jewish
families by the tlt'lltStllL‘ttl I’ost had these
results. 12 percent said that a .lew is a
person whose father or mother is Jewish or
who has a Jewish spouse; 23 percent said
that a Jew is a person who considers
himself a Jew. 1‘.) percent held that a triatt
born to a Jewish mother or who converts
to Judaism is a Jew; 13 percent said a Jew
is one who lives in Israel or who identifies
tvttlr the Jewish state: 13 percent said a
Jew is one who observes the Jewish
religious practices: 11 percent said a .Jew is
one wlto is raised and educated as a Jew:
0 percent said they could not define it
(results recorded rtr Jerusalem l’ost.
November 25. Wold).

A more definitive statement cart be
found iii the I’entateuch. a compilation of
fiw books of Jewish scripture which is also
know as part of the Old 'I'eslanrent:

“Now Jehovah said unto Abttittt (later
know as Abraham). (itt tliee out of thy
country. and from thy kindred. and front
tltv father's house. unto the land that I will
\lt'tHK' thee and I will make of thee a great
littlltlll. ttltll I will bless tliet- tIItII intrke thy
name 'lll'ill " ffititn (tent-sis. itiptt't
lL’l

'I'ltt‘ st tl|tllltt'~i lt‘t'tttll Iltttl this covenant
Iretut-t'ri tlt'ltlt\itl| ffititll .ttitl /\bitilt.trn
ltlietr (lit to Isaac and Jacob) created the
«lumen pt'tipli' ftl l~ittii'l tlitist’ wliri \tt'i‘t' til

I PERSPECTIVES

 

. April 23; '1’9'82/pag'e’3a

 

 

  

 

perspective by Will Yurman

 

 

lllt‘ wed of (\l‘lttltrllil tlt‘wislrirt'ss. their,
at n iitltntr III lltt' Jewish st iiptriies. is a
tititttrri.ilrt|.‘ l‘ii‘t'tl t it d« w «‘Ill

l?.:t I I tli. in ‘I.l ..: tilt. ‘. iI-t t‘ll tttwi
: .

,r_iii itutimtp

of the world into two groups, .lews aitd
Gentiles. I'Iow relevant are these scriptures
to trioderir Israel? Well. consider lllt! story
of David and Goliath also found III the Old
Testament -~ David the Israelite fighting
Goliath the l’ltrlistrne 'I'ltc I’htlrstint's art-
now know as the Palestinians

Based on the scriptural definition ttl
Jewishness. which is the oldest it would
appear that the distinguishing factor of the
Jews is that they were the people of (tori
Certainly. at least. the unique ttitllltt‘ of
their history and their suivnal as a patron
in defiance of the world would lead one to
suspect that stitrtetlitng outside the tttittttttl
course of human affairs |~ intertwined with
the late til the Jewish people

greetings

Graf—
id

Rob Edelstein

#— ________—————

“You're the satire person I've always
loved. You're just more experienced." he
said. and their we parted ways. He had
just told me why Ire trad been so pissed at
trte for such a long tirrre. 'l'ltt.’ irtctdertt that
caused his anger had occtired lortg ago .
Now he was able to tell tttt.'. Now we could
both deal llis anger was instilled. Bill it
wasrt't sorrtethiiig I could apologize for.
Everyone knows I apologize too often
anyway Some things you li'itt'tt front
experience

If words don't fall on this paper then
Wars will No. wait. 'I'Irtit's wrong It's too
itit'ltitlrttttttitti' ()llt‘ of ti few tiatiit flaws. if
you will Some things you (tune tti learn
tinly witlt IttItt‘lt L'.\[tL‘tlt‘ltt tv

Most experiences .ttt’ nostalgia in many
ways Just like relationships \rttlr people
They develop ttlltl the older titties bt'cotne
llltllt' like trit'tntiitt-s lltt|\‘t‘ tr contradictory
itlllllttlt’ tilit-tit ll|‘ltI)l|' In one respect.
l‘l’lll‘ll' I'li'v ltlt‘ titt' writ-tint I‘t-tiplt'

 ‘t"lill'~'tt'.'i

 

    

flinlt" I-i iii u it

.‘l : ‘Ir Iii 1.3m“ t

as (.‘irizt-ri Kane and mine to learn that
things are as iirirarelletl atrd \ulrieiable as

 

Ordinary People A fitting title

'I'lral hittitis up the set trrrtl altitude v
persons as persons liticli taken as the
lining. breatlitirtr. till tritt fei'lrtrtt Itltlttrtlt that
he is lttrlu' pride and fell regret. it
detlaiing that I 1|”.A‘llll)llll‘l‘l'l3""l"l(l
character. Of course. realizations like
these come about only through more

\‘\]1\'ItL‘llt t‘

 

i
I
t
I

My realizations ittl' as contradictory as
itiy attitude about life l'\e tttlttt‘ to learn
that I Illll as tttlll'lt .t tI|t\‘ person as I am
ati tissltttlt' The two experiences rrr my life
that I'te lined .tbote .ill others are perhaps
the two expt'rteirttis I'te lltllL'tl the most as
well ltttist inyself realt/utti liviw ltitltt'rtttts
that is whenever I do something which I
find shocking I feel I know myself and
lltt’tt crime to learn that I'm llIII far enough
away from tttr’ to Inittw tire l'III'lI I tlttit'ltlt'
when teaIi/rng that my parents still know

lllt‘ ltl'lll'l tlttirt trttyiitty tttti

The key word for me this morning is
"perspective." a very tneittsr'd word I ritst
can't seem to see things clearly enough
because there are too many things tit Itittk
at In a way, many of these things. or
experiences. bother me A Iiieiid Just told
me that when it comes down to it. it's tlte
little things that bother liiitt To this I
replied. "Yeah, I guess the little things
bother me too But if they're really
important to you. their aieri't they actually
big things?"

Well. they are I. like so many others. let
things get to me too much. That should be
evident front the Words you see here In
fact. this is the most therapeutically
introspective I've been in it quite some
tittre. And I don't care land I do care) who
reads this. As many times as you share
your feelings with others. you can never
do it enough.

I am now left with I\\'ti thoughts both of
which are probably worth some
consideration The first is this am I. as my
friend puts it. the same person I've always
lrer'ii.’ (it run I lilttlt‘ of tr t'tiltlltttllt'llttlt') Or
do I see myself more 4 lt'itllt," r\tt~\\'l't is yes.
to lill tIiit'e trtiesttttiis I’t-irple t'lttllttit' .iiitl
people stay the same And my friends are
a much better )rttltte of ltll‘ Iltittt I'll ever Ire

l'lte Ulltt'l question trrtrkt's tttt' ltritlx’ at
myself the way I \\‘t|lll ltl' as Itttlll ti person
and ti tlltll'itt'll'l fit that way. two
t'tttitt'atlictlints i'irtt lititte. Who in \"iilll ttttt
~i than it w y. lllt k .tltli"i

in train II .i~ t.t‘ .‘IIJ s It .t

l".‘.’ir.:tl.tin 
‘-.'itl It-it
r . .l i H
it. In lift t.it« itii\|it'«

It i.
i-.:.I

     

..iit ".: l-.l‘ twenty

 

In a realistic and artificial way. Someone
who Is. In many ways. acting In the same
way he did four years ago. Someone who
is doing things that four years ago he ‘
wouldn't have been able to foresee.
Someone who, because of new
experiences. feels he's able to forget old
ones. Someone who is quite wrong about
that.

And who I ant ts a person that is a
compilation of all these things. Am I the
same person my friend has always loved
-— rust more experienced —- and the same
person others ha\ e always loved? I sure
hope so.

In essence. I suite to be like the printed
word. It is always there. set iii type. for
eternity Iiut the more you tune — arid
the more experienced you become ~ the
greater the peisptit lt\L‘ grin-.s

So on we go. lay after day. year after
year And in years to come we'll look back
and read it hot \tt"\r' wt‘tlteti atid
tetiit'ttilrei wlitrt y.e".e said And we'll
Ieflyr‘t and mine to terms with Ilf)\\’(.lf1llln
ttrtrcli we're tliatrried Leading only to the
disturbing and tuntttidtt tiit'y realization of
him danitr mm It we Iraren't

 

Italian Diary March 24
Yankee
Away
From
thnne

Fred Aliberlt

 

I'otlar's Stars and Stripes Irad a few litres
about lltiw Wittlield's tie-breaking home
tlttt as the ‘r'.titl~:s beat the Orioles tt-Z’i. 'l'lrc
\t'tll‘l\'\ i"-ltilllllltll retold hasn't been too
|lt|l)it‘\\l\t‘ this spring but I hate been
struck by liiistilrtrll Fever 'l'lie escrteittettt
of spittttt training has peiirieirted my daily
routine t'\t’t| though I'irt thousands of miles
away fttitll those I'ltitidtr baseball
diamonds

A lllttlllttlttl that I wtll particularly tntss is
the one in the limits at ltrlst attd River
t\\etrttt' (lttr‘llltlti [lay at Yankee Stadium
is \\<'l'l~~t away and it \rill by the first one
that I'll be missing itt triy lifelong tidtttit‘atioit
of those llrotix liortrbeis [I \'\('ll kicked itr
tiiy tilltlltl.‘t'~t womb when I heard l’htl
l\'I/.’Itlltl the Yanks will be starting another
run for the pennant while I can only sit
through tltill Itonta soccer games at the old
()lviitptt’ Stadium Soccer is the national
pasttrrne ltt'tt' btit It's Just not as exciting as
(‘raiti Nettles. Lou l’intella. Bobby Mur'cer.
or (‘retiige Steitrbrerrner

I'lie nostalgia of past opening days
oveit‘tiities me Last year's game is still
vrvttl Ilt my mind: Bobby Murcer's grand
slain tras certainly the highlight of the
game In '7‘) I travelled down to the Bronx
from SUNYA right after an exam. got
there in the bottortr of the third and still
managed ttt ftttd trry drunk friends in the
gratidstarids behind the plate. ltt ‘7b. l was
refreshed by the Stadiurrt's new look. _In
'75. l teriietnber a treacherous trek from
the Iiiotrx to Flushing fvia the Hill when
the Yanks ltad played at Shea Stadium:
Bobby Bonds was tttIL' of the big stars itt
those pie Jackson days My] Slottlemyer
started on one opening day that my father
took me to stirtretittre iii the late sixties.
and my fading inetrtoiy even yields
retollecttttns of Mickey Mantle, Whitey
l-'otd. and the inftittrotts Horace ('lar'k. Ah.
those were the days!

As for this year. I was tempted to write
(it‘ttlllt! Steiitbrennet to see if he could
finance my air line from Rome Surer Ire
could afford a few hundred dollars for a
Yankee fanatic! However. I never got
around to writing the letter and if I wrote it
and sent it now. ('teoi'ge probably wouldn't
tit-t it llltIIl litly, thanlis tn the "most

 

-|!t. 't i t" Italian trrtitls Well iitittittih of II'I~
.illl‘lll irr'.\t yintt

   

..tuuai int ll! be .it the S
., . .

   

 

 

 

