   

 





i 
lie:
 a
l."

 

tn -ioo .m.”

Nmm’“

SﬂvWaNAA-iahrwemwm-  a.

«peerage more;

Schloc

hey sucked. They once put out '
l the greatest rock n' roll album of

all time. and they now suck. 1
agree "suck" is a rather non-descriptive
term. but i really don’t understand what
has happened to The Clash. They've got to
still care: they base their whole existence
on caring about everyone under the big
black sun. but holy shit. you would never
have known it §_u diy__ntght over at R.P.l.

.

Craig Marks
—Whaia_shﬁd'§ior7.ﬂi 'rtrEATrEnJ both ways.
pathetic and depressing i don't care if they
don't recreate 1077 every show. but if
they're going to call themselves punks
(which they do). they've still got to “mean
it. maaann". At least at Bonds last year
they mustered up enough memory to cap.
ture the adrenalin of The Clash and Give _
Em Enough Rope. London Calling was
truly magnificertt. but looklrtg back. did it
ruin The Clash? Did they hire studio musi-
cians for it? Mick Jones cannot play guitar
anymore! At all! He cart dip arid weave and
split. but he sure as hell can't play. They
even did “Stay Free" Sunday. but when it
came times for Jones to pull the song off he
was non-existent. i never thought that even
they could ruin “English Clle War". “Tom-
my Gun". but they did.

Suprisingly. The Clash's best music at
R.P.l. catne off Combat Rock. Maybe
they've Just evolved and "grown" so much
that rock n' roll doesn't mean anything to
them anymore. "Rock the Casbah" was so
bad it was good - lust four mates having
some fun. “Straight to Hell". one of the en-

  

 

he SUNYA Performing Arts

l Center ls that big white building
on the podium across from the

library. Facetlousness aside. the Perform~
ing Arts Center. or PAC as it is more
familiarly known. is not taken advantage of
nearly as much as it could be. Many
students neglect it as a good alternative
when looking for something interesting to
do Theater. music. dance-it's all there.
from student productions in outside corn-
panies. with relatively little damage done to
ill?.EVE!ﬂi£$lﬂl¥i'l§;”ﬁl.l%l, , . E... ,. 

I 0

Donna Mac Millan
7‘ THE . fThé‘tht— TiTr1it3i’ Hagar;
event at the PAC is the Tukak' Theater of
Denmark. The Tukak' Theater is made up
of young Greenlanders (Eskimo). a minori-
ty in Denmark. The company will present
“lnuit” or “Human Beings" on Saturday.
October 9. at 8pm in the Recital Hall. “in-
uit" is a modern fairy tale based on
Greenlandic legends; it is performed in
Greenlandic. but the use of body language

  

to understanding by a non-Greenlandic au-
dience. The company makes extensive use
of masks in their presentations. in addition,
a photo exhibition will be on display.

On Sunday, October 10. the group will
present “Kattuta”. a musical cabaret. The
program deals with the cultural problems
native people encounter in white society
and is bilingual; that is. the songs are in
native tongue accompanied by a speaker in
English. The group is performing at
SUNYA for no fee.

The SUNYA Department of Theater will
present two major productions this fall.
The first of these is Peter Schaffet‘s
"Equus". directed by William A. Leone.
The highly acclaimed dramatic
psychological case study features special
guest artist Peter Bennett as Martin Dysatt.
the psychologist who experiences seii~
revelation in dealing with his young patient
Alan Strong. Staged iii the Performing Arts
Center’s Lab Theater, the play runs from
October 14-16 at ffpirr, October l7 at

 

7pm. and from October 19-23 at 8pm.

 
  

 

core numbers. was genuinely gripping. and
for possibly the only time all night Strum-
tner's vocals counted for something.
"Should 1 Stay..." featured Mick's punky
vocals. Tony Crime's meaty beat, and
those silly Spanish background vocals.
Unfortunately though those were the
real exceptions. The place was unsuitable
to see a concert. and there were obvious
technical problems. but that shouldn't have
made that much of a difference. "The Call

 

and visual effects is such that it lends itself '

The second production is Euripides'
"The Bacclrae". directed by Luis
Vasconcellos. The controversial ancient
Greek drama will be performed In the Main
Theater. ruttning from November 16-20 at
8pm.

 

 

‘i'ulra T

‘—_—-—

95%.;

Up" was pltlful. as was everything off of
Sand/nisia. Sunday. The Clash was a
mediocre band. and that's probably the
worst thing you could ever say about "the
only band that matters". They weren't only
lousy for The Clash. they were a lousy
rock band.

To crittze without exploration is wrong.
This isn't the case here. To slag off a band
that l once admired and felt was the most
meaningful. powerful bartd in the world is

The PAC Is Bac

the name of Ballet Repertory Company.
ABT ll fulfilled a need for quality dance in
cities where the financial and technical re
quirements of American Ballet Theatre
could not be met. in the past 10 years. the
company has toured in 161 cities In 41

 

 

ark resent "Inuit" f umun Beluga) at PAC

     

not easy. This Isn't the pretentious New
Musical Express talking. i wish i
understood why The Clash has de-evoiveti
into this confused mess: do they read it]
much? are they on or off drugs? what is it"
it might be that they take themselves inn
seriously. but they were just as serious on
their first records. My only guess is that

 

Sunday, The Clash was

a mediocre band, and
that’s probably the
worst thing you could
ever say about “the

only band that matters"

 

while they used to consider lltL‘llist'lH‘s tiilil
their working class mates "heroes". thin
now look outside their owrt L'tllfllii' in
Nicaragua. to El Salvidor. to the 54 .ttir
Bronx. There is nothing inherently wrong
with this. but when it consumes your liill‘rli
and our writing. there has to be a punt!
where your OWn lives take oVer and (on
stop becoming what you admire. Sun
pathize. yes. but empathize, no. Straight to

 

 

Also, keep an eye out for the various
student-run Experimental Theatre produc-
tions. These often Innovative productions
serve as showcases for the vast pool of
talented actors. directors. and writers cur-
rently studying at SUNYA. They are also
learning experiences for these students.
and they need your support.

DANCE: This fall. the SUNYA Dance
Council presents American Ballet Theatre
if. on October 8 8L 9 at 8pm in the Matti
Theater. Made up of an ensemble of 15
dancers. American Ballet Theatre It was
formed irr 1972 by Richard Englund, under

 

states and 3 foreign countries. ABT ll's
repertory ranges from classical and roman-
tic ballet to contemporary and modern
dance. It should be an exciting and multi-
faceted performance. l'll have more on
ABT if in a future issue of Aspects.
MUSIC: As always. the Department of
Music has a wide variety of musical events
to choose from, many of them free to
SUNYA ID holders. On October 3. the
Department will present the Albany Pocket
Opera itr Purcell's opera “King Arthur"
directed by David Janower. The perfor-
mance is scheduled for 2:30pm and

 

 

hell. boy.

sounds like an interesting way to spend r
Sunday afternoon. Two other com t'if‘r .rw
scheduled for the month of October. l).it wt
Tanenbautn. a classical gullrtil‘d
member of the faculty of San l'ranrtuwr
Conservatory of Music. will appear on iii

.tli‘l

tober it at 8pm in the Recital Hall later it
the month. on October 23. ll'it' until- wt
George Crumb & .i S finch \\'lll In ,w
formed by a group of faculty lliifiltlii‘i
associates In lliu' -
Cockrell will be grvrttg .r ‘if'ltt'H ml [.
concerts on 'l'lrursdays lit the Ru. it t‘
beginning October ’
November 18. The iiIiit’i‘ils in? .ii:

and there is no admission t'li-tiili’

Twu diverse concerts wtll lu' prim" '
by the Department irt November in 1:1
will be Verdi's It’equiurrt on NiIVt'illlit’i i ii
7pm. and condtrcted by Nathan in it
schalk. The Requiem is aioirrt effort lii‘.til\
ing the University Community (in llt’~.firt
the University Chorale under the tllit'i limit
of David Janower. and the Capital Hill
Choral Society. Judson Rand, tlllt’i tut
The performance features guest w .tl
soloists. and will be held in the Cathedral oi
immaculate Conception. lZS liagle Htm't
(on the corner of Madison and Eagle) (’1‘
October 12. the SUNYA Department oi
Music presents Ray Reltig and Mtisit’ldlh itr
a Jazz Concert at 8 pm iii the Recital i fall
Finally. in December the Depiti’liiii'tlt I‘v
presenting four concerts. The first. a 1 oil
cert by new composers/students of
Leonard Kastle. will be lit the Recital i [all at
3pm on December 5. A week later.
December 12. there is a Choral Concert of
Medieval Christmas music; the location
and time are the same as the Decerrrhrrr 5
concert. The University Community 0r
chestra performs its Holiday Concert. same
location and time. There is no admission
for all four December concerts.

.itltlittoii. [tiriitisl

i l

and .r .:

 

 

 

 

For more information on any of thew 1

events listed here. as well as arty evi'lii‘x
which are added to the schedule and in
reserve tickets. the Performing Arts iii»:
Office is open 10am-4pm. Mitllildv l'l"l""
and one hour before ticketed events lliv'
box office phone number is (1'tlm
457-3600

 

 

«ulna-Mu m. .. aw swat-Wowmnmw Meghan... .. .,

. wil'kusmh, _.

_.___._._1_!

Washington lrvlng once said
A “Great minds have purposes.
others have wishes." Though it's
doubtful that the 19th century author was
into reggae. he's describing a great mind,
one that extends far beyond reggae music.
That mind belongs to Jimmy Cliff. While
Wishing for commercial success. his goal of
ertlightening his listeners has often clashed
with his desires for success. With the
release of Special. Cliff may have finally
achieved that ever so delicate balance bet‘
ween royiilty checksnnd crirtsclence.

Robert Schneider

Although mainstream riirisrc'fat'ts'titlty
swear that Jimmy (Tltff Is as recent as morn-
ing. it {ilniit‘t' at his past achievements
quickly detnolisltes that idea. Along with
lirrb Marley and l'oots and the Maytals.

reggae heavyweight Composer of reggae
classics such as "The l lilliltlr They Come".
"You Can ('ret It If You Really Want". and
“Wonderful World". Cliff hails frorn
Sornerton. Jamaica. Never an outstanding
student. his interests included singing and a
host of instruments. After leaving school in
Kingston. Cliff begatt to rttake himself
known. He slowly climbed the ladder of
success, first in Jamaica. their in America.
He received a great deal of recognition
after a preformance at the 1965 New York
World's Fair. He slgrted a contract with
Chris Blackwell's Island Records. and left
for England to make the quantum leap
from reggae star to household name.
Things didn't work out in Britain. so a
disillusioned Cliff left to tour South
America. Happily. a tour that was suppos-
ed to last ten days turned into a year long
triumphant voyage that took him all over
the continent. The success of the tour in-
spired him to write "Wonderful World". It
became nothing less than a worldwide

mm a SUNYA point of view
there has never been any such

thing as an Albany rock scene.
Oh sure. ever since i was a freshman the
Units and Blotto have been here. but the
first were an opening act at J.B. Scott's so
often i thought that they couldn't stay out
past 12:00 am, and the latter were a novel-
ty item and hung out at 288 a lot. Then the
A.D.'s put out two dynamite singles. and
things were looking up. Singles are only
songs. though. and their impact was tem-
porary, New bands seemed to pop up
every week. play a few gigs. and then fade
away. And how come the same guys were
in every band?

Craig Marks

 

 

Jimmy Cliff has long been recognized as a ‘

Fear Of

 

 

 

 

smash. However. it set Cliff up for another
disappointment - when he couldn‘t match
that song's success with his later releases.
After briefly turning to soul. Cliff received a
big break in 1972. with the release of the
film, The Harder They Come. The film
portrayed a Cliff-like character that. instead

‘: ' “new

wait. ‘

_ . . ,‘l. fri'iiﬁ
of pushing onward like Jimmy Cliff. drop-
ped out and became an outlaw when he
became tired of the frustrating music scene.
The film eventually became a cult classic.
while making Jimmy Clifffthe actor and

musician) more well known.

In recent years. Cliff has found inspira'
tion in the teachings of Islam. and has

Albany

Various conglomerations continued to
release good singles. but nothing much
came out of it.

This past summer Fear of Strangers (The
Units) released something l'd. never
thought l'd live to see —— a full-fledged LP.
Distributed by Faulty Products (Dead Ken—
nedys. Human Switchboard). the album
received substantial airplay on Albany
radio and favorable reviews across the
country. There is hope. Yes. finally. comes
Hudson Rock, a complilatlon of fifteen
bands from Albany. NY. and thankfully
this record is real good, because the time
for Albany to make its move Is now.

Having encountered many
citywide compilation LP's. this one holds
together much better than most. The
“Albany sound" is well defined here — for
the most part -— loud. fast. sloppy rock and
roll, with strong roots in 60's and 70’s
punk. One possible weakness of the album
is the lack of different new music fragments
here; no art-funk. no no-wave. no synths.
etc. Luckily the bands on Hudson Rock
have enough strength to cover up for any
absense of styles.

Side one contains the three best known
Albanians: Blotto. the A.D.'s. and Fear of
Strangers. The tracks stand up as some of
the best rrrttsic these bands have. ever
made: Blotto‘s remake of Lou Citristle's
brilliant “Lightning Strikes" is faithful and
Jubilant. though a bit heavy handed and
too paint times; the A.D,'s too sound a lit-
tle tired. although “What Di) You Say" is
fast and furious (great drums). Fear of
Strangers “Sappy for the Guy" is as good if
not better than anything on their debut LP,
Not as structured as the album. “Sappy”
showcases Val's floating voice and sotne
quirky instrumentation.

Hudson Rock works so well. though.
because of the bands that aren't so well
known. This isn't an elitist knock against
the few bands who are well known. It's Just

.. ....__....,...-.,__ .._, I, ”

     
  
 
  

. woman"?

 

my» .7“

Mancini: mm;

criarotves Into The Stream 

found satisfaction in his travels to Africa.
While always maintaining his ideological
integrity. he's begun to garner mass
popularity. He's even been featured in
People. if that's not popular what is?

As stated before. success Isn't changing
Jimmy Cliff's style. especially in the lyrics

v. Hwy" 

department. While maintaining his critical
voice of many of society's institutions. he
retains a note of hope. and indeed opens
and closes the record with two hopeful
songs. "Special" and “Where There Is
Lovel'. respectively. The latter has this
theme running through it: ‘Where there is

I ‘the youths right/Or you'll be playing with

’ .ctittctsnt is it hit simplemintled. To .r reggae

 

~>---‘<n-t?~me=ﬁwv‘rmrmrm‘  a. '

we all know/Where there Is love there’s
harmony/And unity comes naturally".
Depite the almost utoplan undercurrent: of
that song. there Is also a great deal of ,
resentment expressed by Cliff. "Peace Of-
ficer". written by Cliff. exemplifies a feeling
of resentment towards the police. The song
resembles in more ways than one a song
performed by Rick James that voices his
feelings about wrongdoings of the law.
Jimmy Cliff expresses his sense of wrong
lnot in a plaintive wall. a la Bob Dylan, but
«rather in a warning of what could happen if
his messages aren't heeded. especially on
"Treat the Youths Right":“Treat the youths
right/instead of putting up a fight/Treat

dynamite" This tune also features a salsa‘
tinged percussion section.

. A criticism that has often been leveled at
reggae is that much of the musrc is
repetitive While having sortie merits. this

fan. this criticism would seem absirrd. Jim-
rtty Cliff. on Special does his part to dispel
the notion that the only thing that seperates
one song front another is the words. On
“Originator”. Cliff uses a great deal of
African percusion and rhythm. a musical
style which he has great respect for. Cliff
shows that he's open-minded as well. as
witnessed by his utilization of Ron Wood
on two tracks. Wood's guitar definitely
enriches the album. Bertram Ranchl
Mclean and Mickey Boo Edwards. both
members of Cliffs backing band. Oneness.
each do an excellent lob on bass and
drums. respectively.

With Special. it appears that Cliff. who's
paid his dues with interest. may finally get

 

the mainstream recognition he deserves.
All thi . week. WCDB is featuring Special.
Check it out. It offers the reggae fanatic
more of Jimmy Cliff to love. while showing
those who haven't been exposed to it why

 

love oh life's a glow/Tire babies grow like

that the freshest rock on the Hudson comes
from the Verge. the X-lstentlals. Lumpen
Proles, Capitle. etc. Yeah. you've caught
their names on posters. but have you ever
seen them live? Probably not, or more ac-
curately. definitely not. Hettceforth the
reason for this album.

Some stuff here is too regressive: the
Hot Lobsters play weak 'power sap and
don't belong here; the Rockin Dakotas. a
late great live band. sound watered down
and played out; and the Weekenders
"Powersurge" lacks )ust that; it tips of Bo
Diddley and adds nothing to it.

On the other hand. there are at least five
or six songs here which lend hope to the
idea of an original Albany sound. The
Young Reptiles cover “Cast iron Arm"-and
Brad Whiting's vocals and the hilarious
Jack Nicholson type breaks end the record
with an all important sense of humor. The
X‘lstenllals downbeat is similar to that of
Siouxsie and the Sanshees and they have a
better grasp of psychedelia than most of
those British poseurs do. The Crude happi-
ly remind the of Iggy and the Stooges. and
Capitle’s "fun" is a 30 second hardcore
gem.

At the top of rtty list are the Lumpen Pro-
les and the Verge. 1 can't figure out whom
the Lumpen Proles sound like. but that's a
tribute to them. “You Can't Forget" ls hyp-
notizlng and haunting. bttt riot by the usual
sloorn and doom wttv. Things are kept sim-
ple and distant while maintaining a pop
charm. They draw a successful lirte bet-
ween tensfon and restraint instead of
smashing you over the head. The same ap-
plies to the Verge's "1-2-3—4-5-6". pro-
bably the best cut on Hudson Rock. Once
again. instead of overemphasizing the ob-
vious. the Verge (an appropriate name)
hover on the edge and give you a great
chorus to boot. The guitars are submerged
in the mix and provide the song with a

 

 

reggae Is a religion to some. [3

quiet power. Very impressive.

Now all that reriratns is for anyone out—
side of Albany to hear this. The importance
of Hudson Rock is a little scary; if Albany is
to ever become some kirtd of decent place
for rock and roll. it appears that this is the
medium through which to do it. Even more
important than outside help. though. is for
our little town to make some noise. Just
about all of these bands can be caught on
any weekend downtown (the Chateau or
Bogarts once in awhile) for only a couple of
bucks. if we don't care, who will?! Cl

 

 

 

 

  

. “0.0.-

tr:

Mums-a

.tunam—«MM ‘MCWWM“.~.W_.

    

 

i
1

