 

 

'Wonld CApsules

Faulty Design Killed 113

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Federal investigators said
today that faulty design of walkway support hangers
was a key factor in tlte Hyatt Regency Hotel tragedy that
killed lll people in Kansas City. Mo.. last Jtrly.

 

 

The report said workmanship and quality of materiaf ‘ I

were not factors in the collapse of the walkways across
the hotel lobby during a tea dance.

The investigators concluded that a decision to change
the design of the walkway support hangers was critical.
Had the original designs been kept. the collapse migltt
not have occurred. even though the load capabilities still
would have been below city standards, investigators
said.

Gas Price Control Urged

WASHINGTON. I).C. (AP) The Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission is being urged by several
Democratic House members to halt its efforts to ac-
celerate price increases of natural gas.

In a resolution introduced Wednesday. the cort-
grcssmcn said the agency “should take no actiott to ac-
celerate the decontrol of natural gas prices.‘

While the resolution wttottld hate no binding effect
on the c\ectttvic branch agency. tlte congressmen. whrr
cltair cottttttittees to which the I"l-'.RC ttrtrst report. said
they meant to convey Congress‘ opittiott that the l‘)7ti
law establishing natural gas decoutrol should ttor be
tampered with.

Polish Discipline Imposed

WARSAW. I'olanthP) A top Contnrtrnist official irt
charge of party discipline told Central Committee
members today not to engage in “unrestrained
democracy." the ofﬁcial news agency I’Al’ said.

Jerzy Urbanski. chairman of the party's Central Con-
trol Commission that disciplines errant ntembers. isstred
his warning the day after martial law rttler Lien. Wo-
jcieeh Jaruzclski blamed U.S. and internal opposition
for delaying the end of military rtrle.

The 200 committee members were also told that in-
tellectual and political “discussion clubs" formed
within the party before the martial law crackdoer Dec.
13 must be stopped and party discipline reinforced. l’AI’
said.

Williams Testimony Ends

A'I‘LANTA. Ga. (Al’) Testimony ended irt Wayne ll.
Williams' murder trial Thursday, witlt tlte defendant's
ntother telling the jury: “They have ttot prodttccd
evidence that my son is a killer.“

Defertse attorney Alvin Binder imtttediutely tttovcd
for a directed verdict of acquittal. tellittg the judge tltc
state “Has not shown that this accused has killed or
murdered anybody."

Judge Clarence Cooper detticd the motion and
scheduled closing arguments for I'lltltl)‘.

Faye Williams was one of three rebuttal witnesses cull~
cd by the defense after prosecutors concluded their
rebuttal testimony itt the ninth week of the triad.

“Wayne's character has been drtrg tlrrottglt the
mud.” Mrs. Williatns told the jury. “My husband‘s
character has bcctr drug through the rrtrrd. The Williams
family has been drug through the tttttd.

“Tltey continue to lie and lie and lie. but tltcy ltutc
not produced evidence that rtty son is a killer.

Shuttle Workers Get Time

CAPE CANAVERAI.. Fla. (Al’) The e\trtr lirtte that
work crews picked up as they prepared the space slrtrttle
ahead of schedule will he used to give workers time off
before the March 22 launch. officials say.

NASA officials said Wednesday they had decided that
Columbia's blastoff on its third space mission won‘t
take place early. even though two days were gained irt
preparing the shuttle for space faster than foreseen by
the timetable.

That extra titne will be “trscd to ease off on lntrttch
pad crews and give people some time off before the
launch." said James Kttkowski. a National Aeronautics
and Space Administration spokesman irt Washington.

Chapman’s Fast Continues

MARCY. N.Y. (AP) Security was tight Thursday as
state officials prepared to ask a judge for permission to
force-feed Mark David Chapman. the confessed killer
of, ex-Bcatle John Lennon.

Chapman was in the 2lst day of a hunger strike
yesterday. said Dr. John Von Holden. superintendent ot
the Central New York Psychiatric Center. where Chap--
man has been ltcld since he was transferred from Attica
state prison on Feb. to. He is serving a 20-year-to-life

sentence for the Dec. 8. I980 slaying of the famous
singer. who was'gUnncd down ath New York‘City
apartment building. .

‘Thc hearing before state Supreme Court Justice John
Tunney was to begin at t:30 pm at the psychiatrtc
center. Von Holden said only 20 outsiders. mostly
reporters. would be allowed to attend. under a syrtcm of
strict identity checks. It was not known befowhand
whether Chapman would appear at the hearing.

Von Holden has said Chapman gave authorities a
reason for the hunger strike. which began while he was
still at Attica. but the doctor refused to discuss the
reason before the hearing. Chapman has remained itt a
ward with about 25 other patients and is participating in
other parts of hospital routine. Von Holden said.

Toxic Train Evacuates 3000

GREENSBORO. Ga (AP) Eleven cars of a Georgia
Railroad train derailed Thursday near downtown
Greensboro. leaking a toxic chemical and forcing the
evacuation of most of the town‘s 2.985 residents. of-
ficials said.

Mayor James P. Smith said a state of emergency was
declared after the 6:50 a.nt. derailtttcrtt off the 27-car
train.

No injuries were reported. and tire cattse of the acci-
dent was not itntncdiately dctcrrnirtcd.

Ilarry Mtrrplty. spokesrrtatt for the state Department
of 'I ransportation. identified the chemical as
phosphorus trichlotide.

Smith said the substance “when breathed itt high con-
certtr‘tttiotts can cause skin btrrns atrd lung damage.“

City Clerk Charlton Vea/ey said the chemical cotrld
evplodc wltett mixed with water. so city workers were
closing off sewer litres. 'lltc National Weather Service
predicted a chance of raitt latcr in the dtty.

"The majority of the citi/crts of (iteensboro have
bcctt evacuated by noon.“ said Veu/ey. Most were taken
to Union I’oittt. seven miles east.

Hinckley Trial Date Set

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) A federal judge Thursday
ordered accused presidential assailant .lolttt W. l‘linckley
.lr. to stand trial March 9.

ll.S. District Judge Burlington I). l’urkcr. ttotittg
“It‘s nearly one year short of the anniwrsary" of the
shooting of President Reagan uttd three other s on March
30. pointedly told proscctttors. "I think it's titne to pro-
ceed artd proceed immediately." '

(iovernttrcnt attorneys. however. said they are cort-
sidcring filittg legal papers that cottld delay the trial.

llinckley is charged itr a til-count indictment with at—
tettrptitrg to kill the president. assault on a federal of-
licct. use of a firearm during the cotnruissiort of a
federal offense. assault with intent to kill wltile armed.
assault with at dtrngerotrs weapon. assault on tt police of—
l'icer attd carrying a pistol without a license.

Education Ofﬁcial Charged

NEWARK. NJ. (Al’) State l-‘ducatiort Commissioner
l'red . Burke has been cltatgcd by tlte state ethics com-
mission with violating the sttttc conflict ot interest law.

lltukc‘s action in ltiring a fricttd to whom he owed
tttorrcy. and a failure to disclose tltosc debts. prorrrptcd a
uttuntiruous \ote \k‘cdncsdrty. according to a report
'I lttrtsduy itt 'I'lre Slur-ledger.

lhc cotttmission said Burke engaged ttl tlll appearance
of conflict. rather than art actual conflict n tltcrcby
\itlittitlg the statute that forbids state etttployccs from
creating a public ittrprcssiott or suspicion that lie may be
violating his trust as a state officer.

A press spokesman for llurkc dcclitred to corttmcnt.
saying the StrAyetu-old educator was not aware that a
formal complaint had been lodged against hint.

llutkc has It) days to file an answer to the cotttpluirtr.
once it's for mail) presented to lltttl. ’I he charge can go
to an administrative hearing for trial or it can be resolv-
ed through at cottsetrt order.

Richard Murphy. the commission's e\ecuti\c direc
tor. said llurkc could be fined. although he is already
scheduled to leave office Mutclt .ll.

$100B Deﬁcit Foreseen

WASHINGTON. I).(‘. (Al’) 'I be head of the Congres-
sional lhrdgct ()l't ' told Congress Thursday the nation
aces btrdgct dcl'icrts of tttore than Slllt) billion a ycttr
“into the foreseeable future." even if President Reagan
gets everything he wants irt his economic program.

Appearing before the Senate Appropriations Cont-
tttirtee. Cllt) director Alice Rivlirt forecast deficits of
Sit N billion this )'Cil|; Sill billiott itt fiscal I‘m]; Sill)
billion itt I‘Jti-l and $l4t) billiott in 1985 —— billions ol
dollars above the president‘s tttost t'eccnt estimates.

"furtherntore. there is the possibility that the budget
deficits corrld be cvett larger if tight credit conditions
prodttce a weaker economy“ than eypccted. Ms. Riblitt
said.

The CI“) estimates delicirs for but] through l‘)tlS ltl
about $390 billion. compared with the administration
estimate of,ubout $246 billion.

 

 

 

 

CAMPUS BRiEfs i

 

 

 

A~ Swede Under Your Roof

American host families are needed in upstate New
York for twelve Scandinavian high school students lrorrt
Swedcrt. Denmark. Norway and Finland for the 1982‘s}
seltool year.

Sponsored by the American Scandinavian Student
Exchange. the students. all fluent in English. will be m.
riving itr late August and leaving in late June.

llost families are permitted by the IRS to deduct $5M
month trout their ltt\itl‘tlc incomes.

I'or rtrore information contact: Mrs. Lucia Dede. 105
Woodsedgc Ct.. Voorltccsvillc. NY lllls‘fr; (Slit)
765-4654.

A Violent History

Dr. Linda (iordon. Professor of History at the
University of Massachusetts. will speak on “family
Violence and Agencies of Social Control: An Historical
Perspective.“ on Monday, March I at 3 pm irt tlte I’cr-
forming Arts Ccttter Recital Hall.

The lecture is spottsored by the SUNYA \\omctr's
Studies Program as well as the History Department. and
is itt horror of National Women's History Week.

'I he lecture is open to the public.

Pajama Performance

Put on yottr l’..l.s ~ 'lhc Spotlight I’laycrs ol lust
(ircenbuslr are per lorming the musical comedy. The I'rr~
junta (tunic.

'lhe play will be presented at the Columbia High
School Atrditorittttt itt l-last (itccttbush tonight.
l-ebtuary 2b. as well its l-r'idrty and Saturday. March 5
and tr at Szlfi pm.

'I ickcls ate $3 attd cart be bought at the door.

Can You Spare a Pint?

'l be American Red Cross Bloodmobile will be itt the
Campus Center Ballroom on Monday. March I from it)
urn-4 pm.

Mind-Boggling Math

’lhe Department of Mathematics and Statistics is
sponsoring a lecture by Professor Hyman Bass of Col-
umbia University — “0n the .lttcobiatt Conjecture."

The lecture is today. February 26 at 4 prtt itt liill'lil
Science. Rootn I40. Coffee will be served irt Room 152
at 3:30 pm.

Apply For OCA Director

The Stttdettt Association is currently accepting ap-
plieatiorts for the position of Off-Campus Association
(OCA) Director.

Anyone interested in working for ()CA is encouraged
to cttll Dave Pologe at 457-8082. or stop ittto the SA of-
fice. (‘Cl lo.

Applications tttttst bc sttbrttittcd by Friday. March 5.

Love and Free Sex!

Rctttcrttbcr the '(rtl‘s with all it‘s lo\c. lrce-scv. and
turbulence (much like television. isnr it)?

State Quad Productions will be reliting tlrc ‘(wl‘s wtlh
il prodrtctiott of the musical llrrrr'.

llrrn' will be presented tonight and tomorrow niritl
tl eluuuty In and 27) itr the Slate Quad lltrgroom .tl -\
pttt.

Irckcts arc is} with lil\ curd. S-l without. and can be
bought on Sttrlc Quad dimth littes or at the door.

Never on Saturday

Mail service to the quads has bectr eliminated on
Saturdays.

According to Daniel Altruy of the l’lrysital I’lttttl
Department this elimination is part ol a program or
budget cuts. It was decided that since workers in the
muilroom were p.rid tl\L'llIIlIk‘ on Saturdays. this evpenwc
could be cut.

House Votes to Cite Watt

\\.-\Slll.\(il'()f\'. l).('. (Al’) lhc lloosc lttety'j. .tttrl
t'omtrtcrcc Committee \otcd Thursday to cite interior
Secretary James C.. \\att for cotttcrtrpr or Congress tol
Iris lrtilorc to produce subpoenaed docutttcuts.

lltc ZJ-I‘) \otc sends the issue to the frtll House. ll be
is lteld itt contempt by a \otc there. he would be \lll‘tL's'l
.lo criminal prosecution in the US District Court here.

'I be vote was generally along party lines. lwctttylwo
Democrats and one Republican \otcd to cite Watt: 17
Republicans and two Dcmoctuts voted against.

 

 

.msnn....-.......e--.c..-.-.~..... . ...
.. .. ..

 

 

plttrltr: l't's
James Cnstro-Bluneo
"We order wlm/ profs" want "

. . _. ,.. .,,.... .Www-uwmm—smcﬂmnu- mama-«wan , .. ,.... ’
I m .v. -,-~

ALBANY Stunt-3o Phiéss, FEBRUARY 26. 1982

 : Bookstore Charged With Poor Management '

 

Professors Cite Missing Textbooks

By TERI KAPLOWITZ

Although “the bookstore is run-
ning smoothly." according to
Barnes and Noble Assistant
Manager Marjorie Campbell, at
least two professors have not receiv-
ed the books they ordered for this
semester.

English professor Randall T.
Craig and Rhetoric and Com-
munications professor Fred Mur-
phy contend that although they
placed their book orders last
semester. their students were unable
to obtain the required texts this
semester.

Craig believes Barnes and Noble
did not pay for the books he
ordered. Mttrplry believes Barnes
and Noble ordered less books for
his class than he requested.

Last November. Craig ordered

George Eliot's Adam Bede.
published by Signet's new
American Library. for his spring
semester's British Novels class. On
_the first day of classes he became
concerned when his students claim-
ed the book was not in the book
store. _

Craig said a bookstore student
employee told hint the book had
not arrived because Barnes and No-
ble had not paid their bill.

Barnes and Noble told hint the
publisher hnd cancelled the order
without their knowledge. bttt they
had reordered the book.

Campbell said that. last semester
“we made a slew of returns on
them. btrt they hadn't reeievcd any
credit. If we paid the outstanding
bills. they would acttrally owe trs
tnoney."

Campbell offered to pay the
publisher the appropiate balartcc

 

 

 

.sq-s.-.-...e..

and believed the problem was
straightened out. However. she
soon discovered her orders were put
'on hold. and she was forced to
reorder all the books.

Craig said Adam Bede should
have been his class' first assign-
ment. But now he has had to
reschedule the reading assignments.
disrupting the course’s continuity.

Professor Murphy is disgtrstcd by
Barnes and Noble's “managerial
problem."

For his Interpersonal Com-
mtrnications class. Mttrphy re-
quested 140 copies of John
Stewart's Bridge without Walls. Ac-
cording to Mtrrplty. only 70 copies
came m.

Mttrplty claims the bookstore
might be trying to ettt losses incur-
red by book returns by underorder-
itrg books.

However. Assistant Textbook
Manager James Castr'o-lllattco
firme contends Barnes and Noble
does not underot'der. “We order

I‘vl-IIIICII‘I

 
 

what the teacher wants." he said.
Castro-Blanca said underorderlng
was a policy Follct-SUNY had when
they ran the book store.

Murphy has had book order pro-
blems with almost all his courses.

The book store also told him this
semester that Bodgen and Taylor's
Quanitalr've Research Methods was

out of stock, but Murphy foundthe'

book shelved for a sociology
course. Castro-Blanco's records
show that no one in the sociology
department ordered the book.

Craig and Murphy both agree
SUNYA students suffer because of
Barnes and Noble‘s monopoly on
campus. Murphy suggests that
another bookstore should be
operating on campus. possibly run
by SA. who can under cut Barnes
and Noble’s prices by using
volunteer employees.

Campbell scented enthusiastic
about the idea. “Competition keeps
you on your toes." she said. “We
welcontc it.“

 

    

Like Woody Popper. candjdate
Lori Peppc pcrcievcs a large part of
the vice president’s job to be
management of ﬁnance. Pcppc.
who claims to have experience in
financial matters. said her goal for
the three-month term would be to
create “a workable budget."
Pcppc wants the vice-presidential
spot. she says. in order to be in a
position to solve campus problems
anti to "push things through."

However, ‘instead of taking :1

Lori Peppe

plullo: Mare llensrln I IN
firm stand on issues and actively
seeking change. l’eppe advocates a
path of moderation.

She does not feel SA should take
a stand on issues of national. inter-
national. cultural or societal impor-
tance. l’cppe does not feel student
advocacy or activist groups should
be fttndcd by SA.

She feels SA's role should be
“educational.” She feels that every
“Coalition Against" should be con-
solidated with a “Coalition For" to

 

Candidates ’

 

Statements

 

 

Lori Peppe

i When people rtrn for an office in
Student Association. they base their
campaign on their experience or on
the fact that they will bring "new
blood" into SA. Filling the job of
SA vice president at tttidsemestcr
demands someone with experience
in finance. academics and policy
matters. I‘m the person with the ex-
perience attd qualifications.

Over the past tltrec years. I‘ve
concentrated my interests and ef—
forts on matters which encompass
tttottcy and policy at SUNYA.
Policies are what gtridc your educa-
tion, trttd it is your stttdcnt tax
dollars that SA spends.

Mtch of my experience is itt
financial areas. I was Colonial

 

Quad Board Treasurer. a member
of the SA "Budget Committee in
1979-80. a member of University
Budget Panel, finance committee
and I am presently working as chair
of the Financial Policies and Platin-
ing Board.

The SA vice president manages
the finances of the SA operating
bttdgcl. To properly oversee the stu-
dent tttx dollar. knowledge oftlte Sa
budgetary system is essential. l have"
the knowledge!

My interest irr academics and
policies is quite broad. I‘ve been
Central council Academics commit-
tee (‘ltair. a mctnbcr of the Univer-
sity Academies Council attd a
member of the distribution Re-
quirements cottttnittcc. My ideas
for academics include: improving
the sclcctiott attd training of TA's.

form it “Coalition (lrr.‘ Iltctcby
forcing a gtottp of people who wish
to advocate rt position to remain
neutral on it.

She feels SA should only take a
stand on issues which affect the stu-
dent body as a wltole. llor evatuplc.
site said SA sltotrld not have been
involved itt the rally against Apar-
tlteid. bttt it‘s ().k'. for SA to fight
against the proposed bus lines.

We can't say we agree with
I’cppc's moderate strtncc. Middle-
of-thc-road polities leads to
tuediocrc government. And we feel
l’eppe is ignoring tltc education in»
ltcrcttt in organizing and taking a
stand on political issues.

It appears that l’eppc wants to
confine stttdcttl activities witltirr the
boundaries of l’erimctcr Road. and
that is unfortunate.

Yet. of the two candidates. slte
ltas the clearest idea of tire duties of
the vice president. and seems more
willing than her opponent to
dedicate herself to the office — site
forsecs workittg between 50 attd oil
hottrs per week if elected. And she
does have an idea of the monetary
figures she‘ll be asked to work with.

It is for tltese reasons that the
ASI’ fccls she is the better of the
two candidates for the position of
SA \ice president. llowcvct. dtte to
ltct political views of SA. we make
this endorsetttent with extreme
reservations

improving Student-Faculty rela-

‘tions. longer and more efficient

computer center hours. etc. I've
had the necessary experience to
“push through" concrete changes
for students.

My reasons for runtting arc sim-
ple: I love being involved and im-
proving the University. I‘m a hard
worker and dedicated to the rcspon- .
sibilitics I take on. I can do the best
job!

Someone is needed to step itt and
start doing. not learning. I’m that
person. Remember to pick up your
tax cards at the SA Contact Office
and vote on March I & 2 for Lori
Pcppe.

Jeff Fromm

ltt the office of SA vice president
I feel I cart successfully combine my
leadership experience of two years
at the university with strong deter-

 

continued on page eleven

Vice Presidential Replacement Endorsement
ASP Endorsement

Novl week. on! QI'Irct'r'.\.vr'I_r'. St/Nl‘xl .\Itrllt’tll.\ will [It' electing a new
- Sui r'n'r- [)I't‘.\llll‘lll Infill onl I/It' lt'l'lll of li'ondy Popper. Out of the
urine net-(trulv. Ilrt‘ ASI' i.v enr/mzvr‘ng one oft/re Itr'o candida/av — .lef/‘I

I-i'unrnr and Lori I’t‘ppe.

I he ('llllflll/lllt‘.\ were Inn/r r'nIervr'ett't'd yesterday unrl l/lt’ endorse-
nrwrl decision was made by Denn Belz. Judie Elven/wry: and li"uvne
l'er'rt'lrrnrrrr. ll'omlr' Popper wu.» prawn! uI IIre endom-nrenl inter-

views in n nmr—vuling capnt'ilt'.

Iz‘lernrrnv will Ire held on qtrml dinner lines and in Ilrc Campus
( r'nlcr [Jr/thy on Mondtrvuml ’l'rrt'sdrrv. More/r I and 2. Snrdenl iden-

ll/lt'tllltlll us well n.v Iu.v t'urrl.v nrn

v! be prawn/ml Inf/"ore vuling — be

one to pick up 'l'UIII‘ Irrv curd in the Sui (‘rnr/m'l rrl'l'ict' nnd vole.

Jeff F

 

\ .LJ'“ ..
photo: “Ill \nrtttunrl I".

ll scents that .lefl' l-‘romm views
the three-month position as SA vice
president as a stepping stotte to big»
get (and maybe better) things —
namely the SA presidency. llc ad-
mits lie is “seriously concidering"
running for the office itt the April
elections. ’

With eyes focused on the officr
uesl door. l-romm l'ails lt
realistically ascertain the vice
presidential dtttics.

The vice president deals largely
with financial concerns and i
rcsponsable lot tltc budgeting of tltr.
SA (iperatittg litre; Il‘r'omm ltas no
financial background beyond that
of an “average student"und could
not even guess the amount of
money lte would be budgeting.

l rornttt has had experience eoot~
dittating sttrdctrt services. btrt ad»
mils he lacks certain leadership
abilities and has. lit the past. ended
up doing a lot of basic or'garti/tr»
tionttl work while orrnitrg to others
lot guidance.

,.

romm

lie is ttot an activist uttd would
rallth deal with administrators on a
personal basis. stressing the use of
“drplomatie rtcgoiatiotts"whcn
problems arise. However. he admits
to never really having dealt with ad-
mittistr‘atots.

I-'r‘onutt would like to see art ertd
to ttdyetsttry relationships between
students and SUNYA ad-
ministrators. btrt irtcottsistantly ud-
vocates “adversary democracy"
willtitr SA.

He believes tltc vice president
should " absolutely speak otrt
seperately" when his opiniort dif-
fers from that ol‘ the president. And
yet. strangely cttortglt. I‘romm said
he believes iii a strong SA executive
hrattclt.

l-‘romm also has grandiose ideas
for increasing student involvement
to SA. although lte admits to having.
no workable plan for conquering
student apathy. ,

And while I’romm is willing to
put in nearly 40 hours per week and
master the dttties of the vice
presidency. he does rtot wartt to
lttrrt his cltattccs for law seltool. If
his grades begin to drop, be pro-
ttticcs to “manipulate my tinte cout-
mittments." But at whose expense?
l-‘romm needs to re»evalttate his
capabilities and limitations. as well
as to work otrt it tnore realistic plut-
fortn for dealing with student and
student government concerns. The
ASP could never seriously ettdorse
a candidate sttclt as Fromm who.
along with not having arty concrete
plans to better serve tltc student
hotly. summed up his outlook on
the office by saying. “I don't think
anyone coming itrto the office cart
do a hell of a lot itt three moitths.“

 

 

 

