 

A PLAY BY PETER SHAFFER

directed by
WILLIAM LEONE

lecturing
PETER BENNETT
as DYSART

gSundoy. 17‘ 
 .1923" 8pm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vt-‘ﬁ‘ésﬁﬁz  , M”: _' 1‘
OCTOBER I2, I982 l I ALBANY STUDENT PRESS   l
' ' ’ - Albany. NY M,  ‘
Men boaters e ual P » ‘  ' I
o s  ’ - ‘ - Garden City. Ll 
x ' _/- - Huntington; Ll
,Mw—r—~ . H ‘ _ H _ ,. . ’ o ltheca. NY
Byulittlnlt‘lyulfllotll high school team. Sehtetleim stud. lault and instead placed lltlt‘ blame I , ' . ' | - Manhattan
 :1- ‘    .. .t _ In my IX yetlrstt was the worst per- squarely on lumselt and his teaun< ' - Central 8. North
Hill Stine! ltll s soeeer program lormttnec l‘ve ever seen by one of males. “I tltink he's it little , New Jersey
here at Albany ‘Stute has enjoyed out tennis. lint tts couch l have to be frustrated and it‘s quite undetslztn- ' ;. "  . ' l I ’ we'mhesm'
great success during the mtuority ot‘ 'teeounltthic for our play," dttble." said Merrill. “Ile's dotte
ill-5  Will”5 1” L‘tHlCll. lilillllrilll)’ letn- However. Albany I'resitman all he can do with the team but we   
tug ttm unueeustomet to poor pluv goullettdcr 'l‘om Merritt dismissed just ll'tVL‘ll'l responded lie c'iu‘t ' "

_ u . . _ . . . . go _ . " .
and uutzn'orttble Imul scores. ltut llIL‘ notion that Seltiet't'clin was nt 11» Eﬂenswfﬁo hlr' ‘mwrggk, gigﬁgamtfggend" (
recently tlte Dunes have I'allen upon - . . . "was"? If; cc“ | h a stud materials '
lturd times and are presently horer- :0" ":ns . scandal}? c'omseyma'erials . l
ing around the 500 level. and cape {will idp. (f unselln
Sehiel‘t'elin isn't very pleased. mu” m v —ua co 9

Albany's latest disappointing ' ' I ' I I ‘ ' h ' I
performance Occurred Saturday . I ' . ' I I . . l '
against the hapless Potsdam Bears. | r ' I ' I I
Although the Danes did manage to ‘
outshool their opponents by u F01 a tree brochure and an invuatuon to a tree sample
sizable l6-4 margin. they were on- class covering the LSAT and the Law SChOOl
ly able to net one goal and had to admissmnmocess 
settle for u H lie.   I  .

"We allowud a team that was .'
totally inferior to stay with us." “W” e: . . .
said on infuriated Sehieffeiin after-  t
words. “We should have been at
least four goals better than them F aplniggggeﬁgzggekltw'f“ “ﬂmnslﬂd. "-Y-11552
 o'bvtously we didnt play that the Nahonal Ceme. [or Educational Testing lnc

.lcrry lsaaes. an All~American - ' - r ' ' l u ' .
candidate, opened the scoring at the '

_ . . . .
6:]0 mark of the first half, tiecpun- .ALAN CALEMUPS  I
ting for Albany's lone gotll. Moving Hard times have belellen the Dane booters whose record la hover-
down the right side of the field. lnﬂ around the -500 lovel-

 

 

 

lsuaes took I: pass from teammate
Eddie Monsuive, drew the l’otsdum
goalkeeper ottt from the net and
promptly slipped the ball past him
into the left-hand corner of the
goal. .Monsttive was credited with
an u..ist on the play.

The liears inter knotted the score
at the 22:04 juncture of the same
period on a goal by .litn Regan.
Despite two overtime periods in
which the ttt..on was espeeiuily
i‘ustpueed. that was how the game
ended.

Albany had mourned a serious
scoring litt'etll during one of the
overtime stttnltts which almost
resulted in the winning goal. bttt an
alert defensive play by l’otsdum
fullback Dave Schnell prevented the
score. Commng dowut'ield
Albany's John lsselhard sidestep-
ped two Potsdam players and elud-
ed yet u third before feeding the hall
to teammate Terry liaeehus. liae»
ehus seemingly had an open net
bel'or him as the l’otsdum
goalkeeper was severelyout ot' posi-
tion. llut Selmell. covering for his
tennis absent netmiuder. positioned
ltimsell‘ in l'ront oi' the goal and was
able to stop the shot. then direct it
awuy from the net to preserve the
tie.

"it' We were physical they
wouldn't have given us any pro-
hletns. (‘undidly. we played like at,
hunch ol’ pussyctus, like a junior

Danes conquered

<Beck Page 
ing the score I()-7 itt favor ol‘ the

{3.3.1: i2?ll‘i‘l.i’;‘i.I.‘:§l‘i?..l‘i.’i..“i.ii This calculator thinks business”. ‘~ ’
 The TI Student Busmess Analyst. 2

 

 

 

 

u subdued but smiling Albany State . '

[mud Conch Bob Ford. uwc mm to it there's one thing undergrad it all menus you spend less ofthc package. You also get ~ L

May a pmuy much armless 3mm- httslness students have always ttme calculating. and more it hook that follows most. K'

[0 win p and WC (mum-v needed. this ts it: an affordableI tttne learning. One keystroke hustness courses: the Business 

If any 50m“. could be sup/"gut hustnessortent‘ed calculator. takes the place oflmany. Analyst Guidebook. Business t
lite Student Business Analyst. The calculator is just part professors helped us write it.

from this hettrlbrettkiug loss us far
as the Duties are concerned, it is
that the Owls were ranked seventh
in Division It and had presented
Albany with it formidable task of
beating them in the first pluee.

“They're rettl tough." suld llttr-
rlson. "They're bigger but we
slurted to slow them down near lll(
end."

“We going to work hard, we're
going to pick it up," he continued.

"We'll bounce buck," sttld Ford
whose Dunes ttre uowJ-l. “We've I
got u lot ot'ehurttcler." l l I 7

to help you get the most out

ofcaleulator and classroom.

A powerful combination.
Think business.

it?
With the Student 

Business Anulyst.

its built-in business formulas
let you perform complicated
flnunee, accounting and
statistical functions-the ones
that usually ret uirc a lot of
time and u stttc of reference
hooks. like present and future
value t'uitrulntions. utnortizu-
lions and hulloon payments.

    

EXAS
lNSTRUMENTS

'I'M,‘ lrttr lltxltumrtn‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

