  
    
  
    
   
     
    
 
 
 
   
 

.. m... u‘u‘ﬁrrf

' hub-w

 

 

By MARC SCHWARZ

The Albany State men's
volleyball club kept their playoff-
hopes alive by defeating Spr-
ingfield, 3-i. Wednesday night in

University Gym.

Two years ago, the preceding
would have read: “The Albany
State men’s varsity volleyball team
defeated Springfield." However
due to budget cuts, the athletic
department was forced to drop a
team. according to Director of‘
Athletics Boo Ford. The team is

now funded by the Student
Association and is student run.
The elimination of varsity status
had several major effects on the
team. They lost their NCAA stan-
ding and are unable to compete for
a national championship. They no
longer have access to vehicles from

the school to take them to and from '
road games. The team members
must pay for their own transporta-‘
tion, 'uniforms and meals. The.
coach, Ted Earl, does not receive a
salary. The team has also been
dropped from first to last in order
of priority for gym practice time.
Despite these problems. the team
remains very competitive. Playing
against the top competition in the
East, the team has a record of¢5 in
dual meets. “We only get to prac-
tice two times a week for a total of
four hours; the other schools get all
the time they need." said Earl. “i
think we're very competitive. All
the matches we lost, except for one,
went to five games. Of the six best

:teams in the East, we’ve played

four, and we've been very' respec-
table,"

 

Following the drop in status from

Around the Rim .'

 

E Angeles, Philadelphia. San Antonio and Denver. The Lakers and
A Spurs currently lead their divisions. while the 76ers trail only
, Boston,and the Nuggets trail only San Antonio. The combined won- g
‘ lost record of these four teams is [67-99, a winning percentage of .628.
. The four teams trailing the NBAin assists, meanwhile, are San Diego,
' Atlanta, Cleveland and Golden State. Here we have two third-place
' teams and two cellar dwellers. The combined won-lost record of these
' four teams is 100-173, a winning percentage of .366.

_ are two elements which are an integral ingredient for a successful

j fense is just as important as team defense; you cannot win without

NBA Numbers

 

By BIFF FISCHER

 

Earlier this season i discussed how important it was for a successful
basketball team to have a good working chemistry amongst the players
on the court. This is brought to mind once again as we glance at some!
NBA statistics which point to a direct relationship between selflessness
and winning. .

The four teams leading the NBA in assists. as of March 7. were Los

Assists are important to a basketball team because they involve
more people in the success of the group, and they also encourage
unselfish play. Looking for the open man'and moving without the bail

team. One-on-one play. on the other hand, tends to pull teammates in
different directions, and the team cannot help but suffer. Team of-

either. '
Another important statistic in basketball is field goal percentage.
1 Seven of the NBA’s 23 teams are making more than half of their at-
: tempts from the floor. These seven are: Phoenix. Los Angeles.
‘ Denver. Milwaukee, Philadelphia. Portland and Boston. The winning
, percentage of this group which includes the four best records in the
‘ league, is .639. Why is this significant? Teams that shoot a higher
percentage take better shots. are in better position to rebound any
missed shots, and always have at least one player back on defense to
stop an opponent‘s fast break. it is interesting to note that of these
seven teams. five of them are in the top seven in assists as well. A com-
mitment to the team concept would seem, then, to be first step on the
road to success.
i o a .

Switching to college hoops. what month it has been for the college
‘ game. The NCAA and MT have both been tournaments dominated
. first by off-the-eourt controversy. then by on-the-eourt brilliance. The
.’ parity that professional sport longs for has never been in evidence as
5 much as this season. as we can see by looking at the final four of both
: tournaments. Eight diffe' ent conferences are represented by the eight
teams that made it to the semifinals.

The Big East made its first big impact on the national scene; it is
destined to be the big money league of college hoops. with teams in
just about all major northeastern television markets. The ACC had the
nation’s two best teams during the regular season in North Carolina
and Virginia. the fifth-place team in the Big Ten, and the sixth-place
team in the SEC both made it to the MT semi. Houston and
Oklahoma proved that their conferences have more sports than just
football. while Louisville made the NCAA semis even though they
didn’t win the Metro for the first time ever. Bradley. the MT champs.
showed the NCAA that they belonged by breezing through their live
opponents, each of whom came from a different conference.

That each of the eight semifinaiists could come from a different
conference is a credit to the competitive balance that has developed
thmughout the country. it is a big part of what makes the college game

 

 

team to club, several of the players
still desiring to play attempted to
try out for the women’s volleyball
team. Athletic Director Ford refus-
to let them try out. One of the men.
Tom Leahy, wrote a letter of com-
plaint to the Office of Civil Rights,
Department of Education, claiming
a Title iX discrimination against
him by the school. An investigation
team was sent to the school last fall
and their findings have not been
made public yet. '

Ford does not feel the school did
anything wrong. “Dropping the
team from varsity was not a viola-
tion; the trouble was with not
allowing them to try out for the
women’s team. But reading through
the Title iX rules and regulations. 1
know we did not violate anything,”
said Ford.

The club is a member of the four
team Eastern Collegiate volleyball
League. The other teams are Spr-
ingfield. Yale and Harvard. The
victory Wednesday night over Spr-
ingfield was revenge for Spr-
ingfield's defeat of_the team on
March it in Springfield. After
dropping the first game 15-17, they
roared back to sweep the last three
by scores of 15-l2, 15-13. and
l5-l2. All four games were close
and included spectacular plays on
both sides. Albany was led by cap-
tain Gene Sosiak. who served the
winning points in the last two
games. The team was sparked by
the diving plays of Brian Hemp-
stead and Bryan Satterlee. Juniors
Bob Aliers and Mike Weisman also
provided solid play for Albany.

MARCH 26, 1982

Men’s Volleyball Surviving Budge

t Cuts

 

 

 

 

The men's volleyball team remains competitive despite being cut
from varsity status two years ago. (photo: Laura Bostick)

Md t0 the Stanley Cup

By SCOTT JERRIS

| With only two weeks remaining
in the 1981-82 N.H.L. regular
season, all that is left to be decided
are the teams receiving the home-ice
advantage. The sixteen teams quali-
fying for the playoffs have already
been determined.

Representing the Patrick Division
are the New York islanders, New
York Rangers, Philadelphia Flyers
and the Pittsburgh Penguins. in the
ﬁrst round of the playoffs, the
islanders will play the Penguins
with the isles receiving the home-ice
advantage. So far this season, the
isles have played the Penguins
seven times, with the isles coming
out on top in six of those seven.
With the first round of the playoffs
being a best three out of live, i look
for the Islanders to beat the
Penguins in three straight games.

Also in the first round is a brutal '

matehup: Rangers versus Flyers.
Historically these two teams have
played grueling, hard-checking
hockey. The home-ice advantage
has not been decided yet because
the two teams are close in the
overall number of points. To say
that these two teams dislike each
other is an understatement. Just ask
Behn Wilson and Reijo
Ruotslainen. i expect the Rangers
to beat the Flyers in, a close series
mainly because the Rangers have

' been playing very good hockey as of

late, while the Flyers have been
ﬂoundering badly.

if my predictions come true, then .

the islanders will play the Rangers

'in the best four out of seven
-. quartonfinalround.with the isles

receiving the home-ice advantage
due to their higher point total in the
regular season. in the Stanley Cup
playoffs, the isles have played the
Rangers three times with the isles
winning two games to one in 1975,
the Rangers winning four games to
two in l979 and the isles trouncing
the Rangers in four straight last
year. All three series have brought
out much media attention since
“the battle of New York" was at
stake. Well. the fourth time around
should be a much closer series since
the current Ranger team is stronger
and more hungry than the previous
three because Herb Brooks is now
behind the Ranger bench and
because the isles are a two-time

 

Stanley Cup winner. The isles h]
always had trouble in Manhat '
(with the exception of last ye
playoff) and the Rangers have tro
bie in Nassau. Even though t

Rangers are much improved. th ,

still can't match the isles' depth i
all positions. Look for the Range
to push the isles to the limit with t j
isles barely coming out ahead t
seven. 1

in the Adams Division the for

qualifying playoff teams are t

Montreal Canadians, Bosto v

Bruins, Buffalo Sabres and g"
Quebec Nordiques. the first rou .

will feature the two provinci

rivals, Montreal and Quebec.

well as two bitter rivals. Boston an.
Buffalo. The Montreal-Queb

series should be interesting but L
Canadlens should win because

,their better defense and goalie

ding. The Boston Buffalo series is
toss-up. Whoever has the home-i

advantage should win. As of t_
moment, Boston is ahead by a f‘ ;

points so i’ll give the nod to t
Bruins. Buffalo's hopes rest on t
shoulders of Don Edwards. if-_
gets hot in goal then Buffalo w
cop the series.

The quarterfinals should h

Montreal facing Boston. Bost .

has not been able to win in
Montreal Forum for years so i
for the Canadians to beat the Br
in no more than six. if, howe
Don Edwards brings Buffalo to
Forum, then Les Canadiens wll
brought to the seven game it v
Montreal will probably win 5-
their defensive forwards sue ,
Quinev. Jarvis. Risebrough and

 

WW4" 'i" me "~ strum“..- .....~.....,,_..,.... «Mgrst

 

   
 

     
 

' ‘n‘r .- |

81.'RNIG.JP’ —’

’ 'v . .
,nr

("mmmwm

      
  
 
 

, t

  eves
- Masses-van

CENTRAL AMIRIOAN.
BODY COUNT

TODAY
1 0,531

TONIGHT (Hakim-tad)
3,415

TOMORROW'S
PREDICTION

1 2,578
Dolaiio, Pay. 2

25 CENTS

Jll cents beyond SO-mlle lune. rurpl l..i.

FOOLSDAY. APRIL 1, 1982

 

   

 

not Ity the Albany Student Press Corporation

AMERICA'S FASTEST-GROWING DISEASE

MOMS SELL

 

. Play

BIMBH!

{We know 
a and tell all.

i .HONESTi

DEAD T0 T3

--_ BIG BUCKS m BABY BONES
—PA GE Fl VE—

 
 
 
 

 

 

GIANT RATS ~
ASSUALT co-Ens
-PAGE SIX—

 

COACH SA Usns

IS ALL WET

—PAGE EIGHT—

ALBANY'S Bus BANDITS — PAGE EIGHT

L

slants-Ht we a I 3.14: ,.

 
  
        
   
 
 

 

 

 

  
         
  

 

  

