.i

 

.3 inspeb't'so’n Wednesday I

Starship Survives

 

 

  
 

N
0
V
' 8
l  ‘ British invasion of 196465 didn't
9 i catch the American music scene
totally by surprise. Bob Dylan was making
a his transition from folk guitar to electric
2 ‘while the Motown sound was making

Detroit famous for something else beside

Coast. too. especially in San Francisco. it
was here in 1965 Marty Balln and Paul
Kantner formed Jefferson Airplane. a band
that played fold-rock influenced music.
The Airplane would become precursors of
the acid rock. Haight Ashbury sound.
which also has the Grateful Dead. et al.. as
graduates

Robert Gordon

Their 1967 album Surrealistlc Plllow
had become a classic. and two songs
off that album. "White Rabbit" and
“Somebody to Love" became musical stan-
dards. The Airplane introduced the in-
novative “light shows" to the East Coast in
their concerts in early 1967 and they pu’
on memorable performances at sucl
festivals as Monierey. Woodstock and Alta-
rnont. By the close of the '60's the Airplane .
were firmly established as one of
Anterican's top rock groups.

Always having a penchant for keeping
up with the times. If not ahead of It. the Jef-
ferson Airplane changed their name to the
Jefferson Starship In 1974. Their albums
stayed near the top of the charts through
the mid and late ‘70's. Including Spit/Ire.
Earth. and the number one Red Octopus.

Jefferson Starship still seems to be
preoccupied with looking forward into the
future. as reflected In the title of last year's
Modern Times release and their new album
Winds of Change. The way the last four
years have been for the band. it seems like
a good idea. Their drummer. John Bar~
bata. was critically injured in a car accident
in October 1978. just four months after
rioters at a festival in Germany destroyed
over $1 million worth of Starship equip-
ment when the group cancelled a show.
Vocalist Grace Slick quit the band two days
after the riot and Marty Balin left than a

 

 

 

 

we and a half hours is along time
I to spend with a two character
romance. but then three and a
half was a big investment for Streetcar
Named Desire and three hours was a long
stretch for Jeanne Dar‘nell's Feathers, two
of last year's Capital Repertory produc-
tions. Nevertheless. Cap Rep pulls off a
charming debut for this, their third season
of existence and second at the Market
Theater on South Pearl Street.

Andrew Carroll

The play is Gardner McKay's Sea .vfarks,
a love story set on lreland's rocky coast and
in a tiny flat in Liverpool. with two lovers
representing the tug of those disparate
lifestyles. Richard Zobel stars as the lrish
fisherman out of his element. and Marylou
DiFilippo is the Liverpudllan who tries to
keep him there.

After a monologue by Zobel's Colrn
Primrose on the life of a fisherman. full of
brawny. briny talk of crashing waves and
howling winds and evenings by a fire of
tttrf. the play proceeds in a series of
blackouts in which he woos DiFllippo's
Timothea by mail. it's nearly a two year

 

 

 

 

cars. Things were brewing on the West.

“The point becomes loss of innocence,
ﬁrst as the fisherman loses his virginity, then as he

fights the corruption of the publishing game.”

onirary to popular belief, the' 'year latenThegroupseemed to had lost its

special Identity it had since the beginning.

As Winds 0/ Change demonstrates. the
band is trying to regain some of its old form
and is somewhat successful. Grace Slick
returned to Jefferson Starshlp last year for
Modern Tlmes and she Is again teamed up
with vocalist Mickey Thomas. who joined
the group In 1979.

Before joining the Starshlp. Thomas was
best known for his vocal on Elvin Bishop's
"‘Fooled Around and Fell In Love".
Though he doesn't quite match Balin‘s

 

superlative vocals, Thomas does alright for
himself. The Slick—Thomas interplay is best
displayed on the title track. which proves to
be one of the best cuts off the album. The
song is extremely well-balanced vocally
and musically. and features some nice
guitar work by Craig Chaquico. Thomas
takes over the lead vocals himself for
“Keep on Dreamin‘" which has another
guitar workout from Chaqulco while Pete
Sears carries the bass rhythm. The song
moves well. though it sounds like the band
has been listening to Journey records too
much. “Be My Lady" is passable pop. but

courtship which McKay disposes of in a
matter of minutes. anxious to get to the
meat and potatoes (mostly potatoes) of this
lrish~Eninsh romance. The pair proceed to
meet. fall in love. share a bed. and set up
house of sorts in the big city. Timothea has
a surprise in store for Colm. however: it
seems she's pulled some strings at the
publishing house where she works and has
a batch of Colm's letters published as "Sea
Sonnets."

The point becomes loss of innocence.
first as Colm loses his virginity to this one-
time divorcee. then as he fights the corrup-
tion of the publishing game. 'l‘ornothea has
big plans for what the critics are hailing a
talented “primitive” and lreland's "Robert
Frost of the sea." but Colm still dreams
about nights on the storm-tossed lrish
coast. The play climaxes with a lengthy
monologue. which Colm supposedly
delivers before the audience of “The Billy
Bright Show." and in which he reiterates
the irresistable call of the wild sea.

it's not the stuff of great drama. but
McKay saves the simple "should -he~stay—
or-sltouldhe-go" plot with some genuinely
lovely. often moving dialogue. The poetry
he writes for Colin captures much of the

 

this type has been done too many times
before to be really effective here.

“i Will Stay" ls cut In the same vein as
"Be My Lady" but it has a much more
ethereal sound that gives it a nice soft quali-
ty. thanks to mellow piano/keyboard work
by Sears. Like three other songs on the
album. it features the songwriting combina-
tion of Sears and his wife Jeannette.
though this one sounds likeit could be
done by REO Speedwagon. A welcome

breakaway from the heavy "love content"
of the album is "Out of Control". a Paul

  
    

Kantner composition with lyrics by Kant-
ner. Slick. and their daughter China. "Out
of Control" is just that. with the band wail-
ing through much of the tune in a total
frenzy. led off by Aynsley Dunbar's drum
smashing while Slick's vocals are as convin-
cing as ever as a person who has taken a lit-
tle too much speed for the evening.
Though some of the lyrics and backing
vocal are a bit off the wall. the song is a nice
throwback to the old Airplane days of the
late '60's.

"Black Widow". featuring strong vocal
command by Slick. deals with the per-

music of lrish literature. and in Colm h

creates a funny. believable hero. 8
Zobel has dropped the harnmy man-

nered style which marred his performance

,In “Table Manners" and "Streetcar" lasl
year. The audience still remains all too
aware that he s "acting." but he pulls It off

which such charm and good humor that he
really cant be faulted. He has the plays:

best line , ,
limelight? and 'akLs 'u" aduamﬂge 0f the

d liIJiFtlippo doesn‘t fare quite so well
e verlng a luster-less performance in an'

I :errailc accent. Her point is well taken when r

 

‘rnlse at thingsto come. '

   
    
  
  
  
    

sonlficatlon of that spider's way nfcnttitin
which isn’t totally amourous The ban:
plays it mostly tight here. thug“). Chaquim
has his guitar solo Whlcle Sears provide”

nice synthesizer effect “l (‘snit iii ‘

~ wt ‘ rckl‘ro
the Jaws of the Dragon" I5 another gran";
out cut off the album While the tune

sounds a lot like the extended intro to the
live version of the Ktnks' "(jgtulmd
Heroes". it has the distinctive wulid oi the
Starshlp of s few years ago 1‘.ttullIL’rKaitt-
ner composition. the musicianship on this
one is straightforward and amp, mu. (m
rhythm guitar playing by Kantner The
song has some revolutionary inviting”
but l'd like to know what l‘frnrtnur unis
snorting when he came up until 'i.v~trltnt’§
“Can't spend the time on thr- lw‘m finite
eatcher donut and forgot .tlitritl :hu hula, '
The album closes out with "Li .;t kh'ttﬁlmr}
Time". which deals with tin- ‘t-rt't ll'.‘t} t...‘
today" attitude. it features nr-nc tjtmd in.
terplay from Thomas. Slick «Hid Clid.
quico,

 

It seems that when [it'njtlt' irtlk About
bands that have longevity and ~tri| display
energy. it’s the British bands that slitllﬂd in
the mid-1960's. such as the flailing
Stones. the Who and the Kinks. that are
the ones usually mentioned li's arilti that
these bands are able to thriw. if not just
survive due to their ability to iw treating
and maintain a feel for thr- twrlri around
them. It would seem that litre of lliilil
American counterparts could be Jefferson
Starship. it has seen a number of tin impot-
iant personnel leave over tin.- years.
especially Marty Balin. John llaiirata and
Jorma Kaukonen. but It has been able to
find more than able replacements in
Thomas and Dunbar among others Slick.
David Freiberg. and original founding
member Kantner seem to be as good as
ever on Winds of Change. Though this
album shows the band could use a lilllt.’
more refinement. It looks like leiit'rson
Starship ls finally getting solidiiwd wiili its
current line up. it doesn't scent that it Will
be too long a time before the Sttuslnp uncu
again flies toward the pinnacle of lit‘llig one
of America's premier rock groups

 

The Duo And The Fishing Net '

 

she shifts from at Liverpool to a \Vc’lslt .tt-
Ceni. but her llittlngs about with ntlwl
British dialects can't be justified Thu big
995‘ Plus was her resemblance to .tctrm
Jean Marsh Of Upstairs, Dortmstrttrs innu'
(“'9 ‘0 forget 9 to 5). for Wltutii tho rult.’
seems Ideal.

The direction by Gloria Muzio 'l‘haycr is
efficient. as she husties the pair of .rttuth
among bed. breakfast. and hretiidruni
LN!) OPltz's lighting is likewise ailequnir.
as is the scenery of Date F. Jordan. (Idi’
ReP'S season expands to six plays this year.
and one hopes this pleasant debut is a pm

i

 

 

 

he English Beat have a knack for

l beating out good albums. Their

first two. i Just Can't Stop it and

Who 'ppen? Introduced us to their brand of

reggae. They pair a rhythmic guitar and a

fast-moving banjo. rather than the usual

walrwah guitar. Theirs is a fuller sound.

rounded out by a staccatoed sax'and fluent

keyboards. making It a speeded up. richer
sounding version of reggae music.

Gail Merrell

Their term
uses all that and more. it has danceable
pop and calypso tunes. ballads. and of
course reggae.

So what's the "special service"? The ser-
vice is that this is one of the best albums
released this year. Since the new current
(not new wave!) trend is tending towards
pop music (Squeeze. Elvis Costello. Dexy's
Midnight Runners) the English Beat have
delivered a pop reggae album.

The album flows from song to song so
smoothly that it's hard to believe how many
different styles are meshed here. “Jean—
nettc" rhymes "ette" so many times you'd
swear the lyrics werre lifted from David
Johansen's "Frenchette". it's a pop song.
highlighted by an organ that mimics the
sounds of old ltaly. The sax in "Sorry" is
seductive. while it's punchy and brassy on
"Ackee l 2 3". a pulsating calypso number
that Harry Belafonte would have been pro
ud of.

The English Beat are men living in the
real world. They are not young. as
evidenced by the fact that Saxa can no
longer tour with the band. although he is
still recording with them. They aren't
writing about their glorious youth of the
past. and their music reﬂects this. They
aren't a rock and roll band. they play a
bluesy reggae. which is Britain's brand of

 

Black Music. They don't sing about cars

wo rather unforgettable images

I from the Lotte Jacobi exhibit at
the University Art Gallery: one

shows a young Marc Chagall posing
casually in his New York apartment. a
typically surreal painting of his above the
mantel-piece contrasting wildly with the
1940's decor; the other is of Albert Einstein
and Thomas Mann. with the scientist in a
floppy ragg sweater buttoned up to his
chin. and the writer in a sharp three-piece
suit. ___

Andrew Carroll

These are only two of the 30
photographs on display through Nov. 24,
in conjunction with this past weekend's
meeting of the Society for Photographic
Education. Keynote speaker for the three-
day meeting was Jacobi herself. an

 

 

86-year-old who has snapped a formidable
collection of photographs in her 60 years of
portraiture. She was born in West Prussia
in 1896. and left Germany for the United
States in 1936. leaving behind a vast por-

ancl the prom. They're trying to sort out
their feelings on what it's like to be out for
yourself. as they do in “Sole Salvation".
and how agonizing it is to keep pace in a
world of "Sugar and Stress".

"Save it for Later". the first single oil of
the album. is just the tip of an emotional
iceberg. What lies underneath are confus-
ed. Cold statements, balanced only by the
warmth and fullness of the music.
They don't go to the couch with every cut;
they do unmask their thoughts on human
relationships several times. "i Confess" ex-
poses a man who feels no remorse for the
lives he has ruined. although his cons-
cience is telling him to feel. He wears a de-
fiant front. Yet when he begins shouting.

 

we realize his thin facade. Not as

tion of her collection of prints and
negatives. Since emigrating she has set up
studio in New York and New England
and still does portraits and stillvllfes in
New Hampshire.

Most of the portraits in this exhibit are
from the New York years. when she
counted as her friends and subjects. among
others. Einstein. Eleanor Roosevelt. W.H.
Auden, Louise Nevelson. Lazlo Moholy-
Nagy. Paul Robeson and Kurt Weill. Those
portraits are fascinating. highly personal
studies of some very public figures. Her
gift. ostensibly inherited from three genera-
tions of photographer forbears. seems to lie
in making her subjects feel for the camera
as they would for a friend. Thus we have
Paul Robeson peering sad-eyed into the
camera. Edward Steichen clowning with
Rodin's statue of Balzac. and Chagall
again. sharing a joke with his daughter ldu
and the unseen audience behind the lens.

Since a great many of her subjects are ar-
tists and many appear in poses of thought.
the photographs also allow for some rum-

 

matlons of the creative process. What was

w
And The Beat Go On ‘

  

ponderous is “Rotating Head". which
describes a society conscious paranoia that
reduces a man to a pair of eyes on a swivel.
“Save it for Later". a seemingly innocent
enough pop song. is a cold plea with a

'jilted girl to let her “legs give way. you hit

the ground". No doubt the male version of
Romeo Void.

Don't be put off by all of this soul-
bearing. for the English Beat deliver it with
such a deft hand that it remains unnoticed
until you begin to disect the lyric sheet. It's
actually is welcomed addition to have a
record directed at a more adult audience.
not at a teenage wasteland. Besides. the
band touches closer to home on other
tunes. Songs like "Sorry". "She's Going"
and "End of the Party" echo our thoughts

0t For Artists Only

aspects on wednesday .9

 

more accurately than the usual barrage of
diities similarly titled. The remainder of the
album is filled with nonsense songs and
danceable tunes. in "Ackee l 2 3" the
chorus of happy little children and the silly
lyrics recall images of the pied piper leading
a band of children. it's an album with styles
and views so varied it will surely reward
anyone who listens.

So instead of trying to satisfy your varied
tastes with a compilation album that has no
consistency. try Special Beat Service. it’s
happy. sad. childish. stubborn. reflective
and in love Add to that excellent musi-
cians with a fresh sound and you can't lose.
Just remember: Special Beat Service
delivers. '

 

 

 

'/

 

W.H. Auden thinking of as he glanced up
from a sheaf of papers? What project might
Moholy-Nagy have been planning? And
Einstein —— what universes was he disturb-
ing in his hazy study? Jacobi's photographs
.remain remarkable after forty years
because of her ability to capture the vitality
of great minds. a vitality which still leaps

 

 

 

Photo

 

ra h o Lotte Jacobi and called use b Leslie Fratktn

 

from the paper.

Upstairs at The Gallery is “Shamens and
Spirits: Myths and Medical Symbolism in
Eskimo Art." Artists from three villages in
Canada are represented by 30 stonecut
and engraved prints depicted witch doc-
tors. sea monsters. ghosts. other weirdness

i from Eskimo mythology.

The “lnuit.' or Eskimo artists have
presented us with smiling. swirling animals
. and men done in primary colors on stark
white rice paper. The look is primitive, but
the artists are modern. Having abandoned
the nomadic lifestyle. these "lnuit" work in
organized cooperatives and consider their
Norks communal efforts. Stone. stencil and
copper etchings are transferred to paper.

 

and the product is signed both by artist and
one or more printmakers.

Central to each of the prints is the notion l.
of the "Shaman." early interlocutors who
are able to communicate with the super-
natural. The original spirits in the material :
warld. shamans or “A gagok" could in-
tervene on the villagers' behalf and beg for
a good hunt. or could attack the spirits in
charge and force them to yield. Most of all.
the exhibition catalogue tells us. shamans
‘ had the power to cure sickness.

These prints are a fascinating mixture of
ancient legend and modern inspiration.
Figures often appear child-like. but also
seem to pay homage to Western traditions,
with traces of the medieval and Etruscan
Worlds abounding. There's even a "new
wave" appeal to many of the prints. as in
“Evil Spirits Around the igloo." which
could be the cover art on a copy of Wet
magazine.

The exhibition is sponsored by the Cana-
dian Arctic Producers. Ltd. and the Natural
Museum of Man. Canada, and runs

Cl

 

noun 9 <0:

 

through November 21.

 

 

.. swan-swim”?! .

 mm v'

 

 

 

