       
   
 

v; \v. o.»

«51 he;

‘

    

rye..- . .5“ V . . V F .
-L: “gr-.227. _:t”.—:_-w\.;-..-e¢ ‘

MAN

',

 

'f—t.

 

 

a

.WE‘CWU‘.‘w!“z.»l'.J1A-I‘IVIYI.IAY4'.'II"."LV.x'a'r w. '17

APDHCATiONS MUST bE Submitted by Fniday, Febnuany 12

 

 

 

 

People interested in serving'onthe
SA Budget Committee.

This committee wilt determine next year’s funding
of student of clubs and organizations

TED

to Joe RANNi on DAVE Poloqc
SA Ofﬁce
457-8087

INTEREST Meerinq will be held Tuesday
Febnuany 9 7:00 SA Lourvqe OCT 16

 

I Lesbian-Support Group

Last semester's SUpport group is now open for
new members. Members will have the opportunity
to explore issues related to their identity in the
SUNYA and Albany communities as gay women.

mamas
~ cams

First Meetlng for New Members:
Wednesday lanuary 27

dnigcducation
Time: 8:00 pm WWW
Location: T'B'A' 457-7800

For more information and sign—up. contact
Middle Earth" “We’re Confidential"

 

 

- w’b‘a‘t

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DO YOU LIKE KIDS?
WHY NOT BECOME A

are anon-ten
Bro SISTER? ‘

/ \ah,

 

 

 

  

INTEREST MEETING
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9TH

 

 

TONlGHT 10 PM LC 6 .

 

 

CD 9| rat
Lou Reed Week

Monday- Rediscovery 'I'ransFormer
Tuesday- Discovery “Blue” Mash
Wednesday- Front Row Center
, Live “ll & ll Animal”
Thursday- Interview Special 'I'alk
with LOII REED

LISTEN FOR FREE LOU
REED GIVEAWAYS

 

“Flesh-Tunes” are coming!

 

MMMMMMMW-‘w ‘MW‘T-‘ao'W?

EMJQ/MJ WU UNWWWW

Opinion Concerning The

WV ‘I‘NW’WE (M171) r'W; CNN". mwm M M Me's

TWRCFE Staff ls

interested In Your

Arrival Date Of
The I983 Yearbook.

Would You Prefer?

D A) Approximatier
May ist'.
This would exclude all
events after March] .

B) Approximately,
September ist.
This means after
you graduate.

  

Please drop in black
mailbox outside
CC 305

WWWWWWW‘M“W&:WWW

i...

 

 

 

 

friday evening, February 19th
7pm at the 4
Kosher Kitchen, Dutch Quad

Reservations must be
accompanied with payment by
Friday, February nth

Gosts:
Kosher Meal Plan - s|.oo
IIAS Meal Plan - SI.5O

Guest _ $3.15

Reservations can be made at the

ISC-Hillel Office: CC 320

For more information call:

 

4-51—1508 459.3090

 

i
i
i
i
i
l
i

i I
r
i
t
i

 

 

 

“ ' Letters

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ditorial  .

 

A Friend in Need'

 

To the Editor:

1 have been sitting here trying to collect
my thoughts in order to write an article for
another publication. i cannot.

i can only think that it may be too late.
Too late to help someone l really care
about. By the time you read this, i may
know if this person made it — if she surviv-
ed or not. if she ran away. or gave up en-
tirely.

Last week someone called out to me for
help. I could not. i did not. i let things get
in the way. I thought there was time. But we
have no control over time. Before we know
it. it may be too late.

I Why am 1 writing this? Because for my
friend it may be too late. but for yours.
there may still be time.

There are people calling for help every
day. They are calling ottt for ltclp because
they are lonely, because they face pressures
that are immense, because they seek nrorc
titan the superﬁcial crtvironmcnt that a
university and life can offer.

Look around you. Look beyond the
classrooms. beyond the bars. beyond the
“Hi. what’s up?" Look into the souls of
real people.

Please. open up your minds. open up
your hearts. before it's too late. it may be
too late for my friend. but it may rtoi be too
late for yours.

— Name Withheld Upon Request

 

Ice Capades

 

To the Editor:

Slip slidin' away. No. it is not a song. it is
part of everyday life for students who try to
attend classes at SUNYA. Those who are of
the Darwin crccd survive the strugglrs of
negligence and make it to class.

The surgeon general should put his warn—
ing on the applications to SUNYA because
the trip to class could be hazardous to onc‘s
health.

The events of the other day consisted of
more ups and downs to students than the
cyclone at Concy Island. Hcrc arc the
events: my friend arid I have a class that
begins at 9:45 am. We decided to try and
catch tltc 9:15 bus at Partridge and
Western. in order to do this we lci't at 9:05
(the walk is actually only two minutes. but
we wanted to have it cushion to fall back
on). Before reaching the city‘s sidewalk. my
friend had fallen twice. 1 had l‘allcn once
and we had many near falls. When my
friend fcll his arm wcnt through glass-like
ice and was severed. His injury was not
serious. However. if one is more than mild-
ly injured due to the ice. I would suggest
they Site the city and SUNYA.

On tltis long dangerous trck other crashes
were observed. After fiftccn minutes we
finally made the two minute walk. thn we
arrived. a student. (icorgc (fictitious

name). was heckling his friend. Mark (also
a ﬁctitious name). for slipping on his
journey. What George did not understand
is here at Albany falling is the norm. They
want you to “sit,” why else would they do
nothing about this hazard? Note: many
people —— male and female — lost their
footing uptown before ever reaching the
campus. 1 only cited two examples to save
space.

it is quite obvious that leaving an uptown
dorm to go to class or walking on the'up-
town quad vicinity is just as dangerous as
walkng on the Alumni Quad vicinity.

Why do the SUNYA officials not ﬁx this
problem? if we wanted to go skating we
would try out for the USA Olympic Hockey
Team. then we would be with a winner not

a . . .

Hey. SUNYA ofﬁcials. it may be too late
this year (and maybe not) to repent.
However. remember. if just one sltrdcnt
takes action. win or lose. the attorney‘s fee
will cost more titan the maintenance nccd-
ed. 50 get your act together.

How do school officials get to work? Do
they skate or are they so high and nrigltiy
that they do not touch the ground? Actual-
ly. it is ironic that there is so nurch icc
around rind there is no ice around the
Capitol and the president's parking space.
Maybe our state ofﬁcials and our SUNYA
president have failed Skating lt)l.

—- Howard C. Frill

 

Feminist Alliance

 

To the lidilor:

Each year the feminist alliance sponsors a
consciousness raising group for our
members. this semester we are starting ncw
groups which are open to all women on
campus.

The New York Radical l’cminists ltavc
outlined the three major purposes of con-
sciousness raising as follows:

> Women often feel compctitivc with

other wotncn or isolatcd from them.
Through consciousness raising we can
break down these barriers and encourage
opcn. honest communication among
women.

> to develop pride in being a wormtn
through identification with other worrtcn.

P to make us aware of the societal
prcsstrrcs that oppress worncrt.

Some of the topic discussions include;
Sex-role socialization. ptrbcrly. social life.
education. sexuality. rape. dating and other
topics.

We encourage all women to experience
this group process. The consciousness rais-
ing groups will being Monday licbruury l5
at 6:30 pm; Tuesday February 16 at 6:30
pm; and Friday February 1‘) at a timc to be
arranged in the afternoon. Please call Mid-
dic Earth at 4517800 or contact the
Feminist Alliancc at CC 347 for informa-
tion on wltcrc lhc mccting will be held.
Thank yotr.

—— Maria C. Altruuort-
I'i'nrr'nlit'l .‘l/lr'ullr‘r'

Back in the 1970‘s. a group of enterprising businessmen pro-
posed The Crossgates shopping mail for the Pine Bush area in
Guilderland — not far from the SUNYA campus. The proposal
was most likely presented at a routine meeting of the town board.
The vision of a new shopping mall may have raised a few feathers
in the local media. It really doesn't matter. Many details of that-
time are probably long forgotten

But, probably one thing that will not be forgotten easily is the
furious opposition the proposal raised in area residents.
Spearheaded by the Concerned 'Citizens against Crossgates, the
residents fought tooth and nail to stop the mall through every
possible channel. They dragged out state Public Service Commis-
sion hearings for months. They pursued countless court battles.
But the persistant deVelopers obtained the necessary permits for
construction to begin.

It was at this point that Guilderand Town Supervisor played his
trump card. He proposed that the Pine Bush be rezoned — per-
manently putting a halt to Crossgates construction plans.

But it was not to be. The Guiderland Zoning Board killed his
proposal by a 3 to 2 vote.

Nevertheless, Guilderland residents plan to keep on fighting.
putting their faith in the court system.

it seems that the residents see something that developers fail to
see: The destruction of a piece of land that can never be replaced.

Meanwhile there is a group of businessmen, overcoming the
temptations of competition and banding together to bring
downtown Albany back to life. They have organized such things
as “Downtown After Dark,” to bring people back to the city.

in the centerof the city sits an architecturally irreplaceable but
unused structure known as Union Station. This structure has am-
ple room to house an indoor mail. Some years ago the SUNY
Central headquarters sat in the same decrepit condition. Today,
besides being one of Albany’s finest pieces of architecture it is
completely useful.

Converting Union Station into the mall instead of the Pine
Bush site has been a much discussed topic in the city of Albany.

Wouldn’t it make ' more sense to convert Union Station,
thereby saving not only that structure but preventing destruction

 

 

 

 

 

 

of the Pine Bush?
(14"!

ﬁg 
j\.\‘|’li(i'|‘.\‘

’ Est-billhid ln ma
Dun Bull. Edrtal in Cm!
Wl)ne I'rert'llotlrlt. liltitl Ilrlnharnrr. Mulntcrrrt' I'rIIIrrri

.,...............Juu|oEtaonborg.
. .,. Both Brinsor. Lisa M ra ratio
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Anrrnw Carroll
. . . . . . . . . . . . David Brooks
.., Mark Roaster

New-Editors   .
Alloclata News Editorl ., . . .
ASPecn Editor .... . .
Anoclnte ASPnciI Editor
Vlalon Edllor

      

Sports Editor ., ..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Larry Karin
Associate Spam Ertitora . . .. .... ., . . .. ..... Mlciraol Carman. MarkGosnar
.. .. . . . . . Edan Lavina

Editorial Pages Editor

Copy Edllor . . .. ... I I . . . . . ., . .Jnck Durscitiag

Editorial Aulllnni: Bruce J Luvy Sistl wrllrm: nob Bollairoro. David Brooks. Kort Cantor. Lori Cohen. Hayes
Dansky. HubertrKonnL-rir Dickrry..1irn Dixon. Biti Fischer. Mark Fischutll. Mme Gcsrrer, itonl Ginsburg. Kori Gar-
rinrr. Slovo Gossrrtt. Slovorr A Groanbpru. Mark Hammond. Mars Haspol. Dubblu Judnu. Kathy Kisaano. Craig
Marks. Susan Mrlltuan. John Moran. Martnlintr Pascucci. Sim/rm Popper. Sylvia Saunders. Barbara Schindler.
Mink Sctrwarr. [lath Snrrnr. Susan Smith. Josuica Tlontlwuy.Jn!isiCr1 Winn-book. Spectrum and Even" Editor:
Betsy tiarrrtusr Zodiac and Preview Editor: Lisa Mirabella

Bonnie Slovene. Bust/less Manager
Janet Drollun. Advulrrsmu Iirrrrrugm
David Neill Ylpko. Sales Manager

iiuriyitrortnr..iudyﬁ Santo.Karun Snrdnll
. . . . .Arluna Kuilowlll

. Marlo Garbartno

.. . . . . . ., ,. . .. , .  DavIdW.Bock
nk Jonupii Clii. Jr. Advertising SIIII: Steyrm Goldun. Andrew Horn. Mindy
Man-gore: Srrsnn Kaplan. Dianna Glucota. Adv-rilllnq Product
Strriniuld. Melissa Wushtrmtttll. Otllco SillI: Jennllar Biotin.

nllltnn Accountants
Payroll Supervisor
clan-Iliad Mlllllull .,
Composition Martnoor
Assistant SIIM Manager: Frn
St'iurltllrin. John iromnn. Arivnrtlulnp Production
tlan: Mrruollrr ltorowru. Mara Monriolsohn. lillnn
Elltrn Epaloin

   

 

David W. Bock. Production Marmng

Chlol'l’ypnlotlor ..     ..............Carotl3ury
Panto-up: Ann Iiosir, Carla Sarct Typlitl: Judy Antodul. Lynda nonvonulo. Mary Burke. Marla Garbartno.
Sunlirtnbnr Klein. Surnlyn Lovlrro. Caliriu Hyatt. Zarl Slam Cheuliour: Martlrn Hatrtnr

Torr Albany Slurtunl Press in publlatrod uvury Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the Albany Student
Pross Corporation. an irutopondunt not‘ior-nroltl corporation. Editorials are written by the Editor in Chiol with
rnnrnlmrrr ol iitII Editorial Board; policy in subject to review try the Editorial Board. Advertising policy does not
necrruuuriiy rullrml oriliorlal policy.

 

 

 

 

