World capsule

Bess Truman dies;

- Independence, Mo.
(AP) Bess Truman, the childhood sweetheart and closest
conﬁdante of President Harry s. Truman, died Monday at
age 97.

“The old engine Just ran out," said Dr. Wallace
Graham, the Truman family physician since the
mid-1940's. “We've known for a while that the end was
near."

The public knew her as Bess. but Truman called her
“Boss” and looked to her as his closest adviser.

Graham said Mrs. Truman died of congestive heart
failure at the Truman home In Independence. where she
was under constant care of a private nurse. She was pro
nounced dead at 4:38 a.m. in the emergency room of
Research Medical Center in Kansas City.

Mrs. Truman, who lived longer than any other first lady.
will be buried beside her husband on the grounds of the
Truman Library in Independence.

Benedict Zobrist, director of the library, said funeral ser-
vices were tcntalivcly set for 11 am Thursday at Trinity
Episcopal Church in independence. Attendance will be by
invitation from the family. he said.

Mrs. Truman ls survived by her only child, Margaret
Truman Daniel, the wife of New York Times executive
Clifton Daniel. and four grandsons.

Suspect caught on film

Chicago
(AP) A survclllartce cantcra photograph shows a man who
is possibly a "prime suspect" in seven cyanide poisonings
watching a woman buying the bottle of Extra-Strcnth
Tylenol that later killed her. a Chicago television station
reported Monday.

The photograph shows Paula Prince. 35, an airline atten-
dant. at a checkout counter in the Chicago drugstore where
autltoritics say she purchased the fatal capsule. according
to WEBM-TV.

In the background is a bearded man resembling
Theodore Elmer Wilson. described along with his wife as
“prime suspects” in the killings. the station said.

lilinois Attorney General Tyrone Fahncr. who is heading '

the inquiry into the killings, said the photograph is "not af-
firmative proof" that Wilson is responsible for the killings.
He added that investigators have other photographs of peo-
ple resembling Wilson.

“We have a number of photographs that we have not
released because we did not think it would be prudent to do
so,” Fahner said, adding that the photographs are being
enlarged and subjected to other tests.

Stock prices rise

New York
(AP) Stock prices staged a broad advance today, lifting the
Dow Jones industrial average back above 1.000 after a
round of selling late last week.

Dow Jones’ average of 30 blue chips, off almost 22
points Thursday and Friday, recovered 9.29 to 1,002.39 by
noontime Monday.

Advances outnumbered declines by about 2 to 1 in the
overall count of New York Stock Exchange-listed issues.

Solidarity urges boycott

Warsaw, Poland

(AP) Fugitive Solidarity leaders urged workers in four cities
to stay home today in the second week of sometimes bloody
protests over the government's banning of the independent
union.

No new uprisings were reported over the weekend.

Sources with contacts among the underground union
leadership said workers were asked to boycott their jobs in
Warsaw, Gdansk, Krakow and Nowa Huta - the model
Communist city where police killed a young steelmill elec-
trician during three days of rioting last week.

Lebanon orders withdrawal

United Nations, N. Y.
(AP) Lebanese President Amin Gemayel, declaring out-
siders converted his country from a haven of peace to an
arena of terror, demanded today that all foreign troops
leave Lebanon.
“1 call for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal
of all non-Lebanese forces from Lebanon," he told the
157-nation General Assembly. drawing 25 seconds of ap-

plause. I
"I call upon the world community to help Lebanon

regain its real independence and rebuild Its economy.”

Gcmayel, delivering the speech in English, said, "Com-

peting ideologies in the Arab world. the Palestinian armed
.,L'J..‘-'..L’l. _ v.7. ..  .,

 

Awards awaiting winners

University President Vincent O’Leary is urging
members of the University Community tonomlnatc
deserving individuals for this year’s University awards in
Graduate Teaching, Research. Academic Advisement,
and Supper Services, and Chancellor's awards in
Undergraduate Teaching, Librarianship and Professional
Service. In addition to recognition. recipients of the
Chancellor's awards will receive $500, and those of
University Excellence awards. S300. Nomination
deadlines are Oct. 22 and Nov. 15. respectively. For fur-
ther details, contact the Ofﬁce of the University President
at 457-4545.

 

He reads, he rhymes

Eugene Gerber, professor. founder of thc Capital
District Writing Program and ﬁrst director at SUNYA
Graduate Writing Program. will open this year's
"Jawbone Reading Series" with a reading of his own
short fiction Friday, Oct. 21. Garbcr's short stories have
appeared in over 50 publications, and his book,
Metaphysical Tales, won the Associated Writing Pro-
gram's i981 Jawbone award for short ﬁction.

Living, learning in London

interested in studying in London? A meeting on the
SUNYA Exchange Program at North East London
Polytechnic will be held by tile Office of International
Programs on Thursday, Oct. 21 at 2:00 pm in ULB 36
Students will also be able to meet English students.

  

C:um bride

 

Let’s get political

Applications are now available for the American
UniversityWashington Semester Program for Spring 19K].
Deadline for the internship in our Nation's capital is Nov.
1, and some partial scholarships are available. For more
information, stop by at CUE or call 457-8331.

He reads, he writes

Robert Duncan. the celebrated American poet, will lit‘
reading today at 4 pm in the Humanities lounge. A widely
published writer, Duncan's books include Bending Ilw
Bow, Roots and Branches, and Opening of [he Field. “is
latest book, Ground Works, Volume I, is scheduled to
publication next year.

The reading is sponsored by the Department of English
with support form Poets and Writers, lnc.. funded
through the New York State Council on the Arts.

Discrimination spoken here

Meyer Weinberg. University of Massachusetts historian
and profcssor of education, will be lecturing on “The
White Role in'Racistn in Higher Education," Oct. 20, 3.
pm, in the Recital Hall at the PAC.

Weinberg's talk is the first presentation "Racism, Sex~
ism. Anti-Semitism. and Discrimination against the
Disabled," a six part series offered by the Depts of Pucrto
Rican, Latin American and Caribbean Studies, Afro-
American Studies. Judaic Studies, the Women’s Sltttlics
Program, the Ofﬁce for the Disabled, and Affirmative
Action office. The series will run monthly through April.

 

 

 

will face the next governor.

arid uncontrolled prescncc in our midst, the recurring
Israeli invasions and incursions into our land contributed to
“a continuing state of war in Lebanon since 1975."

“The war claimed the lives of more titan 100.000
citizens." he said. “It destroyed cities, towns and villages
It brought foreign troops into our land. It divided our peo-
ple, and converted Lebanon from a haven for culture and
peace into an arena for terror and violence... In the name
of the Lebanese people, I want to tell you: We have had
enough.”

Soviets hold 19 Americans

New York
(AP) Soviet authorities won't let 19 Americans who moved
to the Soviet Upton in the 1930‘s return to the United
States. Newsweek magazine reports.

The Americans have been issued passports by the U.S.
Embassy in Moscow. but the Soviets will not recognize the
dual citizenship and grant them permission to leave, the
magazine said in its Oct. 25 issue.

Embassy officials said they had received secret messages
from expatriates hoping to regain their American citizen-
ship and spend their ﬁnal years in the United States.

Carey declares deficit

Albany, N. Y.
(AP) Aides to the governor. like their boss, argue the state
government has not come to a grinding h‘alt — despite a
decline in the governor's visibility. which they attribute par-
tially to press preoccupation with the Cuomo—Lehrman
race.

Also contributing to the perception of a governmental
slowdown was the September departure of some top ad-
ministration officials.

The governor's imminent departure has altered the rela-
tionship among the political, fiscal and program functions
of his administration.

Politically, Carey has lost considerable. leverage in deal-
ing with the Legislature, state agencies and constituent
groups since announcing Jan. 15. he would not seek re-
election. . '

Fiscally. he must draft next year's budget although it will
be up to the next governor to propose a budget to the

‘ Legislature and try to hold down spending to avoid leaving

the next governor with a deficit.
On the program level, the Carey administration is
cataloging rts accomplishments and outlining problems that

Chrysler rejects demand

Highland Park, Mic/r.
(AP) Chrysler Corp. rejected the United Auto Workers“ dc—
mand for an immediate pay boost on Monday, prompting
the two sides to break off talks and raising the threat of
what the company said could be a “ruinous” strike.

“We told the union we‘re not willing to give any more
money and we did it with the full realization that it may
lead to a strike," Thomas Miner. Chrysler vice president of
industrial relations, said at a news conference.

“We called the union's attention to the fact that a strike
could be ruinous . . . we told the union that a strike of any
duration at all would severlv cripple us, could ruin us in a
number of weeks, " he said. “I hope they take that into
consideration."

UAW President Douglas A. Fraser. later speaking at a
news conference. would not discount the potential of a
strike, which would be the first at Chrysler since 1973. He
said the next step will be decided Thursday. after he meets
with the union's 26-member executive board. Chrysler
bargaining team and nationwide local union officials.

The UAW represents 43,200 workers at Chrysler plants
in the United States, plus 40,000 workers who are on in—
deﬁnite layoff.

“We Chrysler and UAW bargainers mutually agreed that
there’s no point in meeting any further unless they call us
up and tell us they had a change of mind or we call them up
and tell them we changed our mind." Fraser said.

U.S. prepares negotiations

Washington, D. C.
(AP) If all the pieces fall into place, the United States could
be ready to announce an agreement on the withdrawal of all
foreign forces from Lebanon by the end of the week.

That would allow the Reagan administration to shift its
attention to ﬁnding a way to open negotiations on Palesti-
nian self-rule.

The principal sticking point on the pullout is lsrael’s in-
sistence that the Palestine Liberation Organization lcavc
first.

Lebanese President Amin Gemayel. who also wants PLO
forces out of the country, is apt to support the Israeli posi-
tion when he meets with President Reagan on Tuesday.

Gemayel is expected to assure Reagan that Lebanese
troops will be able to maintain order after the Israelis
depart. That peacekeeping ‘ role in Beirut. the Lebanese
capital. is now being filled by U.S. Marines, French and
Italian troops.

.e A malt: .. at s u u v trip-s v.0 u I ‘41 . I.‘ V.l’.‘-.1I ulna./.tr.v.r.~.l.w.\.b.\ .t. .

«1‘, Meta

VI‘J'Sﬁﬁﬁ'ﬂ rams,» a 'r_‘i tlt,t f|ill1ylbilil.l um r .v v

t.’.'t'.‘.'.....ts-......

" OCTOBER I9, 1982 m ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

 

Student blasts OCHO landlord listing policy

By David Michaelson_w
smrr IINII’IR

Outside the OfflCampus Housing Office
(OCHO) Monday Mark Fricdland stood
warning the students checking apartment
listings that OCIIO no longer sercens
landlords.

Fricdland contends OCHO has been
negligent irt publicizing this policy change
that was enacted during the summer.

OCHO director Kttrlccn Karlson said the
policy changed because one landlord
challenged the propriety of having a
University rtrn office prevent the advertis-
ing of landlords, who were complained
against without a dttc process inquiry into
the tcnatnt’s complaints. 'I‘hcsc complaints
were the criteria used in screening landlords
she said. Upon examination of the issue.
Karlson continued, it was found that
landlord screcning violutcs at SUNY Board
of trustee's resolution prohibiting such a
scrvicc.

Kttrlsort stttlll met with Dean of Student
Affairs Ncil lirotttt and Director of the ()l‘-
lith of Student Services, llcnry Kirchner
who all decided to cud the landlord
screening service to be in compliance with
the resolution.

“They (OCHO) ltuvc been irresponsible
in announcing this change of policy." cott-
tended l-‘ricdlnnd, saying that the only in-
formation uvailablc on this policy clutngc is
a sign next to the apartment listings on the
office window, which rcntls: Inquiries, Rc
landlord complaints should be littlth in the
SA legal services office."

“This is misleading," according to
Fricdlttnd. “It leaves students totally
vulnerable to bad landlords." He said ite
has found. through informal polling. that
many students assume that thc landlords
are scrccncd and fail to properly check for
tenant complaints.

SA now handles all landlord screening
and inquiries. said Off-Campus Association

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

OCHO employee Mike Rogers confronts Mark Frladland

[trim/land charges OCHO "irresponsible" in jail/ing In a/rnnmict' end/o lam/lord Screening '.;?2-'rtniw'.‘ 

(OCA) Director Diane Podolsky. She cx-
pluincd that ()(‘A arid SA Attorney Mark
Mlshler have dealt with landlord screenings
and complaints in the past, and added she is
confident that OCA and legal Services can
expand to meet any increase in landlord in-
qtrirics resulting from the OCHO decision.
Podoisky also said site is working on
publicizing this service.

Ilut Friedland argued lllttl students
without the awareness of these changes, are
victims of a “protection gap" witltottt a
sign explaining the landlord screening pro-
cedure. Landlords guilty of crirucs or huv-
irtg lortg records of complaints can advertise
through OCHO sttid l-‘ricdland.

According to Fricdland, one landlord

who broke a lease and owcs hint $350 has
three apartments listed on the board.

“You don‘t know how nggrtttuting it Is
for rue to see this guy still up there," he
said. predicting unsuspecting students will
probably sign 11 least- with him. Addi-
tionally, he pointed ottt on one card posted,
tltc landlord didn't use his last name and he
said this would complicate an interested
student‘s inquiry.

Karlsou agreed that the \igtt under
dispute needs to be “less ambiguous and
rrtorc straight forward." She said that a
ttcw one will be up soon. She argued,
however. that this is not its critical a priority
as liricdltmd maintained it should be since
she is especially busy with tnorc urgent stu-

dcttt problems such as evictions and pro-,

hit-ms with heat. Karlson contended that
putting a new sign up “sounds like a small
tlting, but when you're dealing with 5,000
people, we want the sign accurate." She
.mentioncd that she will consult Iirown and
Kirchner on what it will exactly say.

In the meantime. Friedland said. “every
second that goes by without an accurate
sign means an opportunity for someone to
pick a bad landlord." And he added that
after his midterms, he will examine “the
deeper underlying issue of why the SUNY
Board of Trustees ruade a resolution
preventing University run off-campus hous-

ing organizations from screening
[J

landlords."

Nine area residents arrested in D. C. protest ~

 

liy Dean Iletz
lllIIrIR l\'t llll-‘I'
l’olicc ycstcrdt ' arrested 60
demonstrators who crossed police lines out-
side Selective Servicc headquarters in
Washington, l).(‘. Nine Albany area
residents were among tltosc urr'cstcd.

   

l'hc arrests were the culmination of a
legal demonstration including approximate-
iy 250 people. according to Kathy Griffin. a
local spokesperson for the arrested pro-
testers.

The demonstration begun as a rally in
downtown Washington, then the protesters
marched to Selective Service hcndquarcters
in the Georgetown urea. Police, who were
nearly as numerous as the demonstrators,
cordoned off the area and confined the pro«
testers to a grassy hill across the street from
thc building. The arrests came when several

of the protesters crossed the police littcs
land sat down in tire streets.

The men residents urrcstctl .II the
dcmonstration \vcrc (iuln'ial (knitncho,
Albany: liob Cohen. Allmnv; l‘uul

 

thcgoty. Albany; Mike (iilbcrl. New
lcbunou; 'l'om Kcnting, Albany; Kathy
Mnnlcy, 'I‘rov: .loltn Rngttsn, Knox. and
Horse Htotrcuulkcr of Troy. ()nc wotmtrt
declined to be itlcntil‘icd by the press.

lllor-c zurcstctl were charged with cross-
ing policc lines. it misdemeanor that carries
u $50 fine upon conviction. (irit‘l‘in explain-
cd that the line could lJL‘ ptlltl as " $50 colat~
tcttfl. They can ptl)’, and come back for a
heurng or just not return and lose the
1350."

At press time. it was unknown how many
of the protesters who identified tltcrnsclvcs
us the Rosa Parks Sclcclivc Scrvicc Sitters
had paid the l'inc and were released. Accor-
ding to (irit'l‘in, all of the local ntcn arrested
except Kcating had paid the fine and were
released. She said that Keatirtg was not
cooperating with police. There was no

word whctltcr women arrested had also
been released.

Griffin explained that “the action was to
make a strong statement against registra-
tion and the draft. These individuals are so
strongly committed to their beliefs that they
were willing to risk arrest to tell the govern-
tncnt and the people of this country that we
cannot allow young men to again be
sacrificed for war." She said they were also
protesting the recent convictions of three
rcsistcrs-licnjamin Sasway, Russell Ford.

and Enlon Ellcr.

Tire demonstrators curried signs denoun-
cing the Selective Service and demanding an
end to recent indictments of young men for
failing to register for the draft. A few of
tire protesters burned registration forms.
This story was compiled front staff and wire
reports. D

 

 

  

Madness at the
Longbranch
Tuna. 0~t2pm
(12 oz. pltchura of draft $1.25
Bar Vodka drinks 750

Wed. D-tRprn

Join the Midweek

   
  
    
    
 

Afternoons Free?
Consider an altered state at
the Longbranch:

Mom-Thurs. 3-0pm
Drafts 306

Pitchers $1.90

Bar Liquor drink: 70:

Fri. 4-8pm
Imported bottled beer 90:
Bar Liquor drlnka 70¢

Close-up special on rolling rock apltta 3 lot $1.00
Michelob and Michelob Light bolllea 75¢

Sat. I Sun. 5-6pm
Dralls :10;
Pitchers 51.90

Bar Schnapps 70:

All alt-moan until 7pm buy 9

58 North Lake Ave. Albany, N.Y. 12206
(Com-r of w-uhtnman Ma.)

mind drlnkc and get a nu t-rnlrtl

 

Cine 1 L07
Thurs Oct. 21
Hodorn Problems

Fri, Sat Oct 22,23
IIIIIIIII Love

$1.50 with tax card
$2.00 without

 

University cinemas I I: ll

prosonc

Cine 11 LC 18

Thurs, Fri Oct. 21.22
Water Victor!-

Sat Oct. 23
canon
the Barbarian

All shows 7:30 and 10:00

at Funded Q

 

 

 

 

maxim-hr ‘52"

 

