t,
..
l
i
i

   

‘5 <92 a

Mate--

 

 

aspects on tuesday

hat’s wrong with playing
keyboards for- Squeeze? Ap-
parently.a lot is wrong with that

position in that band. The last two to oc-
cupy that spot. Jools Holland and Paul
Carrack. abandoned Squeeze In pursuit of
solo careers. At this point. the similarity
ends. You hear about Jools Holland about
as much as you hear about Leisure Suits.
0n the other hand. Paul Carrack has been
making a name for himself with his album
Suburban Voodoo.

Robert Schneider

Carrack. thirty one. has been on the fr-
inge of real success for much of his career.
it's not that he hasn't had attention. Do you
remember that nice little dltty “How Long"
by Ace? that song was very popular about
eight years ago. Carrack wrote and sang
that one. which was the first and last we
heard from Ace. By the way. the song
wasn't about an unfaithful lover. Rather. it

 

 

 

was a barb hurled at a departing member of
Ace. Perhaps now Squeeze will do a cover
version. After Ace. Carrack floated
throuin the mid and late Seventies. not
really accomplishing too much. The only
notable achievement at this time was air iii-
ternship with Roxy Music.

At this time. Squeeze was making the
first steps toward the position of respect
aiid authority they now hold. With
Argyborgy. Squeeze won over a great deal
of critical respect. along with predictions of
future popularity in the sales department
Squeeze. alter Argybargy. scented headed
for big tlnngs. At this point. .iools llolland
took off like a bat out of heaven. thus
opening the door for Paul Carrack On the
next Squeeze album. East Side Story. Car»
rack wresied the microphone away from
lead stngei Glen Tilbrook for "Tempted "
Squeeze had themselves a bona fide hit
with that one. They finally began to get the
recognition they had deserved and sought
again. the band was stunned by the sudden
exit of their keyboardist. Carrack has said
that although he enjoyed his experience
with them. he felt that his future plans and
their's didn't mesh.

a unique period of history that Is

dangerous. but at the same time
offers us an exciting challenge. War in the
past. in many respects. was an act of forced
diplomacy. it was fought to cause or to
overthrow economic and human ine-
qualities. But war had never threatened the
existence of the earth's ecosystem like
nuclear weapons do today. it is this threat
that challenges us to raise our con-
sciousnesses so that justice and equality
can be achieved for all in a peaceful man-
ner. This will require not only a change in
our diplomacy towards other countries. but
also an elimination of violent attitudes
perpetuated by all of us.

John Wenzke

In other words a fundamental change In
the way we deal with everyday conflicts. if
the need for this change in consciousness Is

I t is quite apparent that we live in

 

 

 

not perceived and achieved it Is most cer~

 

rain that we will slide into the pit of radioac-
tive dust.

We In the United States are both the
David and Goliath of human destiny. We
are the Goliath because we have the largest
most accurate and deadly arsenal of
nuclear weapons In the world. We have
the capacity to destroy not only all human
life. but the entire ecosystem as well While
having this capacity to.contro| and destroy
like Goliath we also how the strengths and
the wisdom of the people in run society to
act as David and slay the monster oi
nuclear weapons So what must be done is
to awaken DaVid to the peril that lies before

 

ironically. on the charts. Suburban
Voodoo Is one notch above the most re-
cent Squeeze LP. Sweets From a Stranger.
Carrack has become associated with fellow
Brit Nick Lowe. who produced Carrack's
album. P.aul was warmly received by
audiences when accompanied Lowe on
the latter's most recent tour. Currently.

rack's Noise To Go. There has been talk of
a collaboration with Lowe for a future
record. Carrack could certainly use Subur-
ban Voodoo as evidence of his talent. He
should certainly not use It as evidence of
his ingenuity.

What Carrack has done is take twelve
catchy tunes and package them together.
A problem is that you get the feeling that

him. For we are our only hope. The
Methods to be used in changing the con-
sciousness of our society has already been
demonstrated to us by the Civil Rights and
Women's movements.

The Civil Rights and Women's
movements have demonstrated that in-
justices and inequalities can be changed In
a nonvviolent manner. Although these
movements have a long way to go to ac-
complish their Intended goals they serve as
a model of consciousness raising that the
Peace movement must Incorporate. The

Y'P v?

'i’

 

 

 

 

Suburban-Squeeze

you've heard all these before. it‘s not a
definite feeling: it's more of a recognition of
a strain in a particular tune. Whatever the
case. Paul Carrack has chosen his material
well.

"Lesson in Love." the opening track.
features Carrack's talent on the piano and
organ. the latter being subtly blended into
the background. The theme of this one is

 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
   

the same theme that fills the whole album:
Love. in all states and conditions. Cariack's
voice has a small range. yet it isn't trapped
by this limitation. in fact. he brings a great
deal of enthusiasm to most of the tracks on
Suburme Voodoo. He cart quake with
emotion on some songs. yet quietly soothe
on others. Such is the case with “i Need
You." another love song. Musically. it's
fine. with Carrack. Lowe and drummer

Psychic Numbing

Women's and Civil Rights movements
have come about for various and apparent
reasons. But. like the Anti-War movement
of the 1960's. they have an underlying
common denominator. Realizing that the
people in government are all talk and no
action. they take it upon themselves to go
out and start changing the consciousness of
society on a grass roots level. And although
the changes that have occurred for Black 5
and Women have not gone far enough.
much change has occurred in the past
twenty five years.

  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

u.'.'.o'r.t-.r.t...'.'..'i...'..r

. . .. ... ~~.....»~—~w-w-

 
  

Wu. .

‘
ﬂ

Bobby lrwln doing a nice job harmonizing
on the backing vocals. Lyrically. it's .r bit
strange. it's supposed to be a tribute to a
lover. but the rhyming makes one think if
Paul ls playing a Joke on the untrained
sweetheart: “i need you/like a fly needs a
flame/l need you/like a bail needs a
game." I'm sure whomever he wrote that
to is thrilled about that little part.

The lyrics all over this enjoyable album
are simple and light. Carrack makes no
claim to be a Shakespeare. This is espr-i Iiilly
true on “Don't Give My Heart a Break ”
Aside from simple lyrics. Carrack borrowed
(stole) the bass line from “i Waril You
Back." by the Jackson Five. Plagarism is
indeed a problem with this record
However. it isn't the rule. “Out Oi Touch.‘
opening side two. sounds new and irein
Carrack gives the song a soulful sound,
with his vocals and the organ. Alllttittiili
the piano of Carrack is active in link \iititt.
he doesn't give himself enough ilttti' in
display his ability. This is uniirnuiiait-
because Carrack sounds as if he plays it
mean piano. All of the songs on Siiiriulurn
Voodoo. in various degrees. aim at llit’
Pop market. Carrack doesn't go overt». “nil
in that department. however. so Snirnilutrr
Voodoo doesn't offend those who tlIHtl-ilil
pop if you like Squeeze. you'll lil".|‘ l’aiil
Carrack. He clearly benefited front lil\ ltlit‘l
sojurn with that bunch. In fact. "(tin tit
Touch" was written by (ilen ’l'ilbioolc .Iltil
Cliff Difford. Nick Lowe also to \‘.liil“
some songs with Carrack, "Fioru Nov. tiu‘
was composed solely by Lowe. in fart It is
here that Carrack really pours the i‘tlttiltt i.
into his vocals. and it tvoiks wry no” He
really sounds as if he's singing from tittr
heart. not the lyric sheet.

Suburban Voodoo is a very satisitznvi
work. Carrack displays a Simple. hunt-v
sound that is very hard not to ltltt‘ Witt‘.
the songs tend to blend together. Hiritir‘
really stand out and demand iiilt'illlli"
Hopefully. Paul Caiiack will quickly gathtvr
material for a followup. With this l'L'tttltl
Carrack has proven that a departing
Squeeze keyboardist can indeed find hap

 

piness and success in the harsh solo
world.

i

Now some people might argue that all of
this sounds just wonderful but that it is ritu-
pian idealism. They would say that we
have to think realistically. that there is a
balance of power that has to be maintained
and therefore we need nuclear weapons
This is misleading. in fact realism is saying
that we must do away with nuclear
weapons. idealism ls saying that we can
allow them to exist without pushing the
button.

The arms race. as someone
pointed out. is like two peole standing iii a
room with six inches of gasoline on the
floor. One of the people has eight matches
and the other has seven. and they an-
arguing over who has more matches.

To be for or again nuclear weapons Is
like being for or against cancer No one
wins In a nuclear exchange. The black
Cloud of world destruction grows daikei
Over our heads eacltday. And once again.
as the weapons proliferate. the govern
ments are all talk and no action and this
time on a much more ominous scale Our
society suffers frotri a severe case of
l)W'Shic Nunibing. Psychic Nuinbing is the
process of suppressing one's thoughts riiitl
Emotions caused by the extstent‘i' Iii
nuclear weapons, This is heraiisv out
society has failed to develop an emotional
intellectual or political trespntix‘t' to iltt'tii it
is time for people to start talking about tht’il
fears and anxieties of a llilt'li'rll iil'l'll anal
and to do something about If l'or their- i»
no doubt that if David tllii not fill t' (iiiliriill
he would have most ceiaiiiiy tit’ll‘lli'Il W“
must irorii llii'
earth.

()ITI'L‘

eliminate this L'itllti'i

 

 

m.“ «to.

 

he Capital District is having a
l theater booin with Proctor's.
Capital Rep. Albany Civic

Theater and ESIPA in full swing. This
week two very different musicals were on
the nngltlit' Proctor's Barnum and Albany
Qvtciiifaiiiiv;

Megan Gray Taylor

P T. BtrinhirTheTivtEpTe—n—eurvwa The
bizarre. was brought to life this week at Pro-
ctor‘s Theater via the national touring coin-
pany oi the three time Tony winner Bar-
iiiiiri. Phineas Taylor Barnum is famous
for such Arnericunisrns as “There's a sucker
born every minute" He was also responsi-
ble for bringing us such marvels as General
Toirr Thumb the 25" man and Jumbo the
elephant. But undoubtedly the name Bar-
nutn is most familiar when linked with
James A. Bailey tlte other liali of the in~
famous partnership that brought us Bar~
ninn & Bailey Circus.

From the rnoiiietit you trim the theater.
the circus atmosphere prevails Popcorn
and peanuts are hawked. acrobats rlo
liaitdstaiids on the balcony rails while
inirnes arid clowns play with ushers and
patrons alike. Evert the stufflest theater-
goer could not help joining in the nostalgic.
childlike wonderment of the circus.

Veteran actor l-larvey Evans stars as the
19th century impressarto In this musical
that sketches some 45 years of Barnuin's
life. Evans. who has an Impressive list of
Broadway and touring company roles to
his credit. was an endless source of energy
that set the pace for the entire production.
Barnum's greatest gift was to make people
believe. to stimulate the imagination and
tickle the fancy. Evans and company do all
this and more. Evans not only managed In-
credible acrobatic feats (including a leap
from trampoline to balcony perch and a
walk across the stage on a tightrope) but.
with the same aplomb. also handled fast
paced. tongue twisters (reminiscent of
Gilbert 8:. Sullivan at their most perverse) to
delicate love songs.

.Jan Pressano. playing Chairy Barnum
(P.T.'s wife). was equally in control of the
comic, dramatic and vocal requirements of
her role. Ms. Pressaiio. a veteran of off-
broadway. stock and other touring coin-
panles was superb as the support and
sometimes inspiration behind the man.
Kathleen Marsh as the “Swedish
nightingale" Jenny Lind (another Barnum
discovery) clearly enjoyed her role.

The real show stopper. however. was
Robin Kersey who doubles as dolce Heth
(the oldest woman In the world) and later
as a Blues Singer. As .loice. she does one
of the best song and dance numbers in the
show. “Thank God l'm Old". in the second
act. Ms. Kersey made the most memorable

 

Harve Evans stars as P 'l'. Barnum in
——T

FFiomBig TESTO S

Coleman/Stewart tune of the show.
“Black and White" more so with the rich
resonance of her voice. Kelly Walters
recreated his role in the original Broadway
production as the rtngmaster and several
other roles including James A. Bailey.'
These are just a few of the outstanding per-
formances of this cast.

This is a show that requires maximum
energy from everyone. As a road company
this cast performs it shows a week and
travels as much as twelve hours in between
performances. Some lapses would be
understandable. but there were none to be
seen.

Mark Bramble's original book (he also
wrote the current Broadway smash 42nd
Street) goes beyond a caricature of PT
Barnum and captures the man who was
also State Senator from Bridgeport. CT.
and who had hopes of running for the US.
Senate when the untimely death of his wife
made him an unacceptable candidate it
shows the “King of Humbug' was often the
most willing 'sticker' of them all.

Part of the magic of this show is the pro-
duction itself. Cy Coleman (music) is the
composer behind such familiar hits as "If
My Friends Could See me Now". "Wit-
chcraft". and "Hey. Look Me Over".
i~tichael Stewart (lyrics) made his mark as a
lyricist with his frist Broadway attempt -

 

; M y . 1 ‘ . . ,_
the National Touring Company Production of Barnum

 

Bye Bye Birdie. which won him a Tony

 

award. He also wrote the book for George

 

 

 

 

,jii

 

 

WNW-V'Kﬂwr'rpm-gm ... .. ..

,_.
. I ~.. r-

M! and co-wrote 42nd Street The set.
designed by Daniel Mitchell was a coir-
iinually shifting variety of trapeze and
tightropes. curtains and props all allowing
scene changes that were part of the play's
natural action.

The costumes. by Theoiil V Airlieilge
captured the color of the circus. in creating
the scene with Tom Thumb. 2 cast
members were dressed as Beefeaters and
placed on stilts with the pant legs of their
costumes covering the stilts. giving the ef»
fect of Tom's 'smallness'. This kind of
brilliant conceptualization also had 4 large
crepe paper legs representing .lumbo's
walk across the stage.

I found myself thinking back on the awe i
felt at 7 "i when the Barnum tit Hailey
“walk of elephants' began and laughed at
my own streak of 'sucker'. This is just
another example of the superlative theater
at Proctor's this season. Their next presen-
tation will he Oiiuer. the musical version of
the Charles Dicken's classic. petfoiiiied by
the Schenectady Light Opera (,‘oinpany
(Dec lurll. They are also planning an ex‘
tended "second season". more on that
later

in sharp contrast to Batman is Alliniiv
Civic 'l'lieater's production of Funny (tuitti-
irig through November. Milt). Albany Civic
'l'heaiet is beginning its Ztith season. it is a
true community theater drawing from the
local pool of talent. actors and crew alike
Unfortunately that pool is not deep enough
to cast a show with the vocal requirements
of Funny. ,

The story is a familiar one. The li-i year
old Fanny falls for Marius who “has no
heart to give" as his heart belongs to the
sea in a final attempt to hold him she
seduces him. He goes to sea. she is left
pregnant. The local widower (Panisse).
who has reinaiited childless. wants to
marry her. Finally she agrees. all is well and
then Marius reappears. After further
predictable complications such as the boy.
Cesario's seemingly genetic love for the
sea. Panisse falls ill and on his death bed
writes Marius and asks him to look after
Fanny and the boy.

Catherine Castellant plays Fanny and
although she looks the part. her vocal
talent fell far short of the role. Site handled
the acting of the first act with a fair amount
of sophistication but never developed into
the mature. faithful wife and mother of the
second act. in fact. in the final scene with
Sam McPheeters (Cesarto) it is difficult to
distinguish mother from child.

Most of the cast. however. showed real
acting potential. Equal to this was their lack

 

' of musical talent. The only exception being

Guinda Lahaie. who. as a member of the

.1...,,‘..

  
 
 
  

ensemble. carried the choral singing. Chip
Alfred as Cesar. Marius' father. turned in a
fine dramatic performance. especially in
the scenes with Panisse. But when he sings
(Wiitt'li iiiifoitiinatly is often) he barely
mouthed the Words - the melody com-
pletely lost in most of his renditions.

'l'iacy 'l‘rimni as the widower Pantsse
turns In the best performance by far.
Recognizing his vocal limitations. he
developed a Maurice Chevalier type swag-
ger and managed. as Chavalier did. to
deliver his songs with charm and character.
He was the only member of the company
who seemed able to stay In characater and
sing.

Duncan Morrison. who plays the roman-
tk‘ lead. Mantis. is a veteran of ACT. His
looks and strong acting ability were well
suited for the role. Here again. as
throughout the show. the music was slow-
ed to rtt'(‘ltiiiutlitl0 the actor’s untrained
t'rm‘e This sitiiil's pace left little of the
delightful I lnt'tiltl Rome inustc and lyrics in
Mr!

All the scenes of Funny (all 16 scene
changes) are lit the Old Port of Marseille.
The set design (by Don Squire) took little
imagination and gave the already tiny stage
air even more cramped appearance. The
r'hoieograpiiy as well. often included the
entire cast in a dance number inap-
propriate for ACT's limited space.

liabara Perry. the director. has had 25
years experience in community and stock
theater As the program notes. this is the
first time this play has been produced in a
ltitlll Ctilillllillillk' theater. diin L’VCH the besi
intentions ueie rust not enough to pull it
off i would like to also mention two other
fine twrfoiiirances those of Patricia
Wensley and lienice Pipkin.

There is no shortage of dramatic talent
here and in the capital district as a whole.
The upcoming plans of ACT include a pro-
duction of The Abdicotion. a strong
dramatic play that is rarely produced. Thev
also plan to do the comedy The House a]
Blue l.L’{‘ti'(’S and the fantasy. comedy
I‘feauen Can Wait. i will reserve final judge-
ment on this company until these produc-
tions are on the boards.

These are just two of the many theater
events gotiig on In Albany. The Egg will
present this Friday and Saturday night a
new play by Katherine Rao based on the
life of Calamity Jane. The Albany Sym-
phony will also present thetr second con-
cert of the season this Saturday at the
Palace. An all black production of Eugene
O'Neil's Long Day's Journey Into Night will
premiere at the Egg on November 18th.

Take advantage of this great regional.
and national touring company theater. all
In your own backyard!

 

aspects on ms :9! 9

 

 

 

i
v.
.
i
t
i

 

- cw,»

Mgngwﬂ~wer .

