 

 

 

 

     
        
     
   
   

  

'COUNSELORS: ‘
Attorney all." Co-ed children’s camp N.E.Pa. 6-22-82. Swim
Practise Limited to (W.S.l)Tennls. Gymnastics, Waterskl. Team Sports. Fine ‘
lmmlgrationand Nllioﬂlmy W Arts. Photography. Dance. Dramatics, Guitar. Resident
UM ‘ . . Assistants needed for supervisory positions. Group
um mmcﬂlm leaders (22+). Camp Wayne. 12 Allevards St.. Lido l
488 Broadway. Albany. NY 12207‘ Beach,N.Y. . 11561. include your phone number.
(518) 434-0175

 

BEGINNER 0R ADVANCED
semester In a U.S. college 92

top to Seville from New “vii. room. board, and tuition
complete. Government grants and loans available tor eligible

students.

Live with a Spanish family, attend elésses lour hours a day,
four days a weak, lour months. Earn 16 hrs. oi credit iequi F9

valent to 4 semesters laught

SEM

CALL

(In Mich.

year tttne spanl Your Spanish studies will be enhanced by
opportunities not available in a US classroom. Standard
iltld tests show our students’ language skills superior to
students completing two year programs in U.S.

Hurry, it takes a lot ol lime to make all arrangements.

FALL SEMESTER - SEPT. lO»Dec.71.'SPilING SEMESTER
- . -Junel each ear.

FULLY ACCREDITED». program of Trinity Christian College.

ESTERblN sPAtN

Cost is about the same as a
.989 Price includes (at round

in 0.5. colleges over a two

2442 E. Collier S.E. Grand Rapids, Michigan 49500

(A Program of Trinity Christian College)

TO L L F R E E for full information 1-800-253-9008

. or it toll tree line inoperative call 1-616-942-2903 or 942-2541 collect)

 

 

 

 

' nchaona- hm. Cocktails
sgﬁvm‘a Take Out Order-00m“ Portico
AUTHENTIC

Open 7 Days A Weekir
Mon. - Thurs. 11 AM. - 10 PM.
Frld_a_ys Er Saturdays 11 AM. - 11 PM.

Sun. 12 Noon - 9 P.M,.

were STATE eraser

  

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

.my grade poin
dinner guests

Dear1.4,

Becomes Elec

curtain.

 

Deardo,

l‘vejust received an invitation from the Dean to discuss

Dear Mourning,

Maybe. If you promise them a little more of my light,
refreshing Cella red, white and rosé aﬁer the ﬁnal

Uyou have a questioMsend it to me, care of: DearAldo,
PS Post Oﬂlce Box 639. New York. N.Y. 10018. U1 use it in
e a my column. I'll send you a Cello T-shlrt.

t average over dinner. I‘ve always been told
should bring a gift. Would it be appropriate to

bring a bottle of Celia?

- n
llitslttlt. Muss.

I 'd suggest a case.

._____....._—.——

Our Drama Department‘s production of “Mourning

tra“ got some pretty rude reviews. Do you think

if we served your chilled Cella‘Lambrusco. Bianco and R'osato
during the intermission. the audiences would stay?

Mourning.

lil‘l'kt‘lt‘)’. (‘nl

Chill-a-Cella!

 
  
 

Ce

The light, refreshing wine with a little more sparkle.

llltlmlir'rl in l'ltt‘ Jim lutlltt'tttt l'u . N \' .N \' 1 MIN!

' “is
BARBARA.

Surprise! Now everyone can know
how much I love You. There's not enough
room here to describe exactly how much
that Is, but I think you can feel It. I hope
we can spend many more Valentines Days
together. I also hope' I've made you as
happy as you've made me.

I All my love from Great Neck,

 

Delivery Service

Thursdays t? Fridays
take-out orders delivered“ to
, uptown campus
orders taken between 6-8 only
457-5063
general delivery time 8:45-9:30
*nominal delivery charge
starting Feb. 11
Hunan , Szechuan, Mandarin &

Cantonese ,Food
provided by:

 

LEIIIIY

12th #0313—

 

Peking Restaurant

 

 

Tower East Cinema

presents

[Roger Moore a5007

“I

For Your Eyes 0nly

Friday and Saturday
February 12 and 13

7:30 and 10:00 pm I.C7
$1.00 w/tax

$1.50 w/out tax
SA Funded

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Grapplers Prep

_. continued from back page

record and finished with a' l6-3.
In addition, the junior’s last
five victories were pins.

“I got a sense of winning that
l didn't have before." reasoned

‘Thcofilatos on his success.

Anothcr Dane threat comes
in the shape of 118- pound Davc
Averill. Although he achieved
an outstanding regular season
record of 17-1. the freshman is

only hoping for the top titrcc. ‘

“1’” think about the finals

    

lntramurnls

Center Rich Cardillo
scored five goals, including
the game winner. in thc
Awsomcs AMlA League 2
Hockey win ovcr thc Rorcrs.
9-3. Cardillo has bccn a
member ol' the Awsomcs for
two years and is noted for his
excellent stickhzlndling nbili:
ty. Ctll‘dlllo is one of the
scoring leaders on this club. a .
playoff contender for the sc-
cond straight year.

Smtnwrrc‘ lly llmlmtilr/

Spectator Buses to Potsdam
Saturday, February 20
Albany Great Danes vs. Potsdam Bears
TicketsllM) on Sale in University Gym Saturday night,
February 13, During the

GO

   

2”
W42

  

DANESl

when I get there," Averill said.
“But I have to get there first."
Eight pounds heavier and
three years older than Averill is
senior Warren Wray. In what
could be the “last hurrah" of
his wrestling career. the
i26-poundcr also seeks a place
finish in thc SUNYAC's.
“During the your l'vc been
progressing—now i am peaking
and things arc, clickittg into
place," Wray noted. “i havc
had close matches with all the

Varsity

Susan Kcilly. a senior on
the women's swimming and
diving tctun, broke tltrcc vur-
sity record during tltc past
wcck. Sltc sci ncw marks in
the 50-yard i'rccstylc (0226.8).
the 50-yard backstroke
(0:36.61) and the l00-yttrd
individual tncdlcy (1:09.36).
Kcilty also holds three other
records: tltc 100-yard
backstroke. lltc ZOO-yard
medley rclny and the
ZOO-yard l'rccslylc relay.

Buses Leave University
10AM Saturday 2/20

   

Oneonta Game,
SA Contact Office on Monday

h

'3

ALBANY STUDENT Passe  FEBRUARY 12, 1982 1  . a a *

 

“xix  ' x.) (

 

are for SUV YA Cs 7

guys in 'my weight class (that
Will be in the SUNYAC‘s). bill
that was in the beginning of the I
year.

Other Albany hopefuls. such .
as Ed Gleason. Dan .lcron. and
Morales. also plan on perform-
ing \vcll. Gleason went as far as
to say. “ifcvcrything goes well i
should win tltc tourney."

Mcunwltilc. l90-pound
Morales tncrcly prcdictcd. “if
my health holds up. i think I‘ll
placc."

At first glance it appcurs than
the ltctlltll factor could play a
major rolc itt Albany’s ovcrnll
showing in thc SUNYAC‘s nt
Onconlzt this ycttr. ()i‘ coursc.
DcMco points out that cvcry
oihcr iczun hats tltc some pro-
blunts.

“There is only two limcs
when you (wrcsiicrs) tll‘L‘
healthy. The first titnc is on the
dzty bci'orc lhc first prztcticc,
and the sccond litnc i.» lwo
\vccks tiflcr thc lust mulch. 'l'hc
chzunpiom always go and lulu-
dlc iltc pain.“ stud DcMco.

Although l)cMco clu'itncd ‘
that hc is “just looking for tho
lCilm to improve.“ lhc conch is
also confident. As ltc sltlicd
cttrlicr this wcck. "(ichu Ihc
propcr sci oi' circumstances. wc
don‘t have a guy who cun'i
place."

There is grclti pressure on
cuch wrcstlcr in iltc SUNYAt".~.
to place in tile top four itt his
weight clllss. it" that plutcuu is
thlllCVL‘tl, tltc grttpplcr wins it
bcrlll in thc Division lll N('AA
lOllrtltllllL‘lll inking plltcc
February 26 und 27 ill Cortland.

and at the

 

 the 

; By BIFF FISCHER

 

 

The Right Ingredients

it is without question that collcgc basketball is as exciting a
spectatcr sport us there is in America today. Its reputation is
being turnishcd. ltowcvcr. by reports of various violations
wlticlt have pluccd scvcral schools on NCAA probation. This
lltlS spread to the cxtcnt that the dominant name in college
huskctbull. UCLA. has hccn slapped with two years of probo-
lion l'or ullcgcd violations. Why arc ll'tcsc violations occurring?

‘l'ltc unsucr lo the abovc question. no matter what it relates
to. is usually onc word——moucy. and this is no cxccption. Col-
lcgc sports nowadays is it big bucks business. bill to cltsh in on
titc ltig ntoncy, you have to will. l.cl‘s tllkc thc NCAA tourna-
Iucnl us nu cxuntpic. Lost season. catch of thc 48 competing
[cums rcccivcd roughly $80,000 for playing ihcir first routtd
gutnc. l-‘or cuch stlcccssivc round a given lL‘tlm rcnchcd. lltc
I'igurc incrczlscd substantially. uttlil it l'Ctlt‘llCd n point where a
.Ctll sltcccssful lL‘tllll. cspcclltlly ill at school without big time
i'oothull. could ltclp finuncc lhc wholc zttltlctic dcpuritncnl (ll
ihcir school. x

Willi this kind of money rcatdy to ltc lutd, lltc pressure on the
coitchcs to cook up at winning rccipc is itntncnsc. l'ltc ilLl-
Illllllsll'uttirs L'tlll stitcll llull tltoucy pic cooking, il' lllc_\ don't get
.l piccc of it. thcy go out and gut tl ncw cook. its lll.il situplc.
|)ircctiy slulcd, il‘ tl conch docs not win gauncs, hc doc» not stay
my long.

l’t'ohtthly thc single most itnporlttnl clcntctti of coaching is
Icctttiliug. 'l'o llthL' it winning lL‘tilll. ouc llutl clln l‘t‘tiL‘li that
-i.\‘-lc;un pttyol‘f. you lit|\’t.‘ lo lutvc qunlllv ingrcdicnls. llttying
t|lltilll)’ iugrcdicttls docs uni gtutlitnicc it good tttclll. httl vcry
lcw pcoplc cult tttzlkc slittultcrty alltll‘lt'tllxt: out of avocados.
\ltuylnnd. Dukc and Nolic Dillttc‘ tIlL' good cuunplcs of what
llil|l|icllh wltcn you slop lt‘t’llllllllli .xttccrwsiully. lltcsc schools
lnt\c itccn down itt ihcir tccruiling. illltl lltcit lt‘t‘UItlw ill‘t.‘
ctidcttcc of this. To get lutck on top. iltcy tttc going to lutvc it)
gcl \tllllL‘ pcoplc who can tculiy plzty.

l‘o hc it good rccrllllct'. you how to comincc tltc pl‘tkpcc‘livc
.tiltlclc that your school is lllc ltcsl plum: for him to he. If you
IL'L'lllll l'ot' Hottlltcrtt Illinois Hutu-nit), lltctt. you llil\L' to com.
pclc with lltc L‘lllllL‘ hilthL‘Nl for u good littlspur'l. ion lltlvc Io
cotttincc tlll lli—ycur old llltll t urlmndltlc. lllllltilx ix ii ltcttcr
plucc for him than Ann Arbor, Smith llcud or St. i unis. lf
li('|.,\ and Miami of l‘lotidu lltt\c to client to gut plinth, how
to Virginia 'lccll tlllll Iinylot' gci plinth uilltoul cllcttlittg'.’ lltc
illlMttJI-lllc)’ ptohtlhly don't.

Is is cltcttling to give pltlyct's souu- money It) \[tL‘lltl ullilc iltcy
me ill school? Obviously. it is .lt'..llll\l lltc tltlcs. ht.' ntc iltc
llIlL‘\ wrong? “'11 school cant nutkc tl tltltlllL‘l oi ti million dollurs
oil of u successful hoop Icznn. “In c.nt‘l Iltc tncnthcn of that
-c.un gcl mottcy for liltliitlt'y or lood'.‘ l .llll not condoning puy-
tttg fol girll'ricnds' abortions. and i utinr ucu ltouw. and cuts
.or lltc tcct'uil‘s family. but u \lllitll nllounrut: would \t'ctll to hi:
it Ultlcl'. 1 his way. players would hc lcxx .uinctuhlc HI pztyol'l's
iIttII tllllL‘l. lc‘m llcsit'zthlc plttccs. I

 

’l‘ltis chkcnll‘s Picks

(lcorgiu 3 over thi
\(‘ State 4 over Notrc Dilute
[THC 9 over Arizona

I8 ovcr (‘iucinuuiii

Louisville
- Scusou Record: l9-9

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Tickets supplies are limited, Buy Early

 

 

CD

Teardrop Explosion.
On the day of hearts
February 14th

Dedications all day

Win Teardrop Explodes New

Album including

Passionate Friend

Fleshtunes are coming!!

arm

a.

é; .3;

 

 

ree Floating Heart with the purchase of each chain

with this coupon you can receive a 10 per cent
discount on any jewelery not already on sale.

Master Card, VISA. American Express,_
Diners Club 61" Carte Blanche

' glennpeter
- jewelers

 
  

‘ \

50. per cent off
14K Gold Chains

10 per cent Student Discount

Stuyvesant Store only

 

