 

..e Mum... m“

 

EgD

The polls

J
The polling place suit faces another day in court.
Yesterday a lawsuit filed by SA in state Supreme
Cortrt that would have forced the City of Albany and
Town of Guilderiand to create polling districts on the
uptown campus was turned down. The polling
districts would enable residents of the municipalities
that live on the campus to vote closer to their horires.
Students now must travel one to two miles to vote.

 

TORI

There is still hope that the suit will be won. The
judge claimed that the Board of Elections could not
establish polling places, while the law states tliat they
must. All this will be bashed out in Appeals Court
today or tomorrow. so the long-awaited final deci-
sion should be made by the end of the week.

it is important that students residing on campus
win this suit. This election is a general election with
many important races being decided. and a swift
resolution of the case will allow rriore people to take
advantage of their voting rights. One of the reasons
few students voted last fall was the inaccessibility of
tire polling places.

Rating the referenda

Referendum 1

Probably the riiost important source ofstudent ser-
vices on this campus is Student Association. Funding
for almost every student group on this 'ampus is furi-
rieied through SA. The radio station. the movies. the
concerts, and literally itttttdreds of other stitdctit scr»
vices are provided by Stttdctit Association anti the
student groups it ftnids.

Tire money it funds tiicsc activities with comes
from tiic mandatory student activities fee.

inflation, growing brtdgcts. and increasing costs
hate rtiatie the tax increase necessary. The student
ray hasn't irtcreascd iti four years that's fottr year's
torth of iriflstiort. SA itas also hati to deal with art
trilrndgeted increase iti expenses-the clirrririatiori of
'oii-free tic iirics frorii the University. The added cs"
,tclisc of WATS lines for sttrdcrit group use alon - ac-
rottttls for a seven percent increase iti SA‘s budget.

It' the tax increase is not passed, students cart ex-
pect a cut of it) percent iti all student groups. that
mcatis that all the vaitiabic scriices stttdetit grotips
provide will be drastically cut.

C

 

The only way that stttderit groups can thrive arid
continue to grow is for the students to approve the
fcc increase frotii $38.50 a semester to $45.00 a
semester. For only $6.50 tiiore a sctricster we cart
assure that student groups won't run ottt of cash.
That‘s not too nrtrcii to ask.

Referendum 2

This past y'ar has probably secti rriore concern
over nuclear weapons and rtticicar \’il!s' since the lion
the liomlr days of the I95iis. There have been ittrge
tictiioristratiorts against the rirtcicar arms buiid»up itt
Nortii America. Western linropc and liastcrn
l-iuropc. Nearly a tttiiliori people trrrticd out last .lttrie
12in New York (‘in to show their oppositioti to the
arrits race.

Public opinion polls show that unprecedented
nuriibct's of people are \vorricd abut nuclear war.
Anti rightly so. litcrc are more nuclear arms pointed
(it targets 1r ’Oss the globe titatt ci‘cr before.

This fact. coupled with litc Rcrtcari
.rdttiittisttatioti's increasingly iniiattimatory tiucicnt
rhetoric and plans to ricarly dottlric the costing
titttiibct of US. nuclear warheads has brought its

 

O L U M

ALS

The biggest concern is with the election orrlv two
weeks away. the court may be syrrrpatlretiiic to it...
Board ol' Election’s claim that any changes at rm.
late date would be too confusing. Wiiiic iiiey run in
back that tip with any strong arguments. it could rind
support in the court. if that iiappens. the otin choice
is to strrtggie through another election witlrorrt pit).
per polling places. and bring the suits again eat iy ltL'\|
year.

The efforts of SA and Mark Mishlct. SA‘s at.
tortrey. have been tirne-comsnniirrg and drawn-our,
it it‘erids with polling places for campus Icslticrtts or
(tuildcrland aitd Albany. it will itave been worth ir_

closer to nuclear war than We've been since iltt'
Cuban Missile Crisis. People are rccogrti/inr: iiI.i| tiri-

itisartity of the arms race must etid. or cisc \\t‘ .-.rrt
surely ctid the lttrtitatt race.

This anti-nuclear riiovetnr-nl has rcathcd \li\.ttt\
State. in the fortri of Resolution 2. this lt'stillllttrrr
reads. “in order to enhance ottr security. the stud. at.
of the State University of New York at Album do
hereby tttgc iitc New York (‘ongrcssiontti l)t'ict'.r|ttttr
to call ttpori tiic litiitcd States gmctrirricrtt I i
negotiate with the Soviet Union ati itrrttrctltulg,
riirttrtai ii.S./Soviet free/c on nuclear weapons .r r
necessary first .stpc toward reductions lit the on. i- u
atsetiais of both nations."

it‘s time for the people trf this planet tr. It‘ll 
govcrrirrrciits ttr ctrti this insanity. this ruminant.
aiottc won't cttd litc riiiiitnry titadttcss |lr.t|
dominated ottr gotcrtrrircnt. bttt it is art titli‘tt‘
step in this effort. the Ilttrrc cat-h oi on till
icadcrs to work toward pcncc. riot \iat. llii' tliItt
iy we are to strip this dangerous arms iltllit‘ It]‘

A “yes” votc for this referendum is .r i v i
tiottaiity and a vote against “all. l'Ictrsc in .o

N

 

Battling ROTC

l arii writing to express my opposition ttr the ctttrcttt
policy of allowing the Reserve Ofl‘iccrs‘ Training (‘orps
(ROTC) to conduct courses on this campus aritl to express
tity disappointment that nothing has been done to alter this
policy despite much ticgative reaction on tiic part of the
students attending this University.

Elissa Stein

i feel i have many valid rcasrrns for riiy opposition to this
policy. First. i believe that allowing ROTC on campus is art
direct coniiict with the university's policy of rioti-
discrimination. Lesbians and gays are not allowed iii the
U.S. Military because it considers homosexuality a
"medical disqualification." We cannot iropc to immediate-
ly get the policy of the US. Army changed brrt we can
triakc a statement that we. the members of the University.
will not take any part in this kind of discrimination. While
homosexuals may partake in sonic basic ROTC courses on
the campus. they cannot receive an officer's corrirnissiori
and thus cannot receive the monthly stipend to which all
other junior and senior ROTC participants are entitled and
are riot eligible for any ROTC scholarships. This is certainly
trot equal opportunity. if blacks and/or Jews were subject
to identical discrimination this program would not he
allowed on otrr campus.

Secondly, i feel that the basic training methods trf the
ROTC program coritiict with the goals of this university.
llere we are taught to think analytically. use initiative.
made decisions and question ideas. The ROTC. oti the
other hand. teaches us to follow the orders of our superiors
unquestiorringly and requires a restructuring of otrr t'ree
thought processes for trttc success in the prograrri. it is
almost impossible to adapt to the goals of a liberal arts
university and an ROTC program simultaneously. in addi-
tion. the professors at this University must meet very high
standards. A masters degree is the minimum requirement
and. indeed. a great majority have l’liDs. However. ROTC
instructors are exempt from these requirements.

Finally. i believe that a university should teach peace, not
war. About f0ur years ago, we had a Peace Studies depart—
ment on campus which was cut because of lack of funds.
Last year a War Studies department was brought in the
form of ROTC. ROTC training is military training; train-

 

 

itrg for war. RO i(' classes iticirtdc rriatksmariship traitiirig.
strategy arid tactics. and other skills csscritiai ttr living oil
the battlefield. Siticc I975. tirrce RO'iC cutlets have been
killed itt circtrtitstattccs related to their training. R()'i‘(‘
trains its cadets to kill and to help others to kill. there is no
place. and should be no funding. for this at our University.
. last semester. tiic (‘ouiition Against ROTC. which cori-
srstcd ol‘gronps such as I’eacc Project, the(iay anti lesbian
Alliance and the Sttrdctit Union as well as riiatiy itidividttal
“studctits.niadc the first steps to rcriioving ROTC from
campus. They organized a phone in to President O'l.cary

 

\

 

and Vice President Wciclr to state their objections to tilt

policy. This had a large student response and u.r-. tor.
sidctctl very effective iti iticrcasitig student and .Itl
tiiitiistrativc awareness. (‘oaiition Against ROH .ll»“
prcscnlcd tiic University Senate with a resolution to hav-
R()'i'(' removed front catiiptts on the grounds oi
titscrittiination. They had various spcakcts represent liIt‘
abtivc trrcntioncd views to the Senate and lost irv onir our
vote. \Vc tirusl corttirrttc to push ottr cause. l.ookvlor (1 o.t|t
tron Against ROTC. l’cacc Project or (itry and i.csin.ttt
Alliance tables iii the campus center for tritrrc information

 

 

 

 

.ﬁi

‘k’

 

 

 

..  ..  aw. .. 

 

 

L E

 

T T E

R S

 

 

Vital delegation

To the Editor:

Two SASU delegates will be elected iii the S.A. Fall eicc-
tions that begin today. The position of SASU delegate is
one which few people know about btit is one. however. of
vital importance. .

SASU. the Student Associatitrrr of the State University.
represents all the students of SUNY‘s (r4 campuses. Ad-
vocating the rigltt of students ttr acc blc. qttality. higher
education. SASU lobbies the State legislature on issues of
SUNY budgetary matters. tuitiort hikes, Financial aid. arid
Utiiversity governance. The delegates rtct as SASU‘s
representatives on the campus; orgatti/itrg students for
statewide actions. Since the power of students tics iti our
numbers the position of SASU delegate is ol pamtrionnt
irrrportaiice to the trrgarii/atton; requiring pcoplc o
knowledge arid experience. iiecause SASU is the only
statewide voice acting for SUNY students. the delegate
position is that triorc itrrportarit.

As the ctrrrcttt SASU delegate and Limit of the Albany
Sttrdctit Union. l have had the opportunity to work with
two people of outstanding qualifications to be dcicgntcs.
Madelyn Ketstcitt and Debbie |)er\truco hate. och the past
year. worked closely witit the Albany Strrdcrtt Union;

  
 

- SASU's local ciiaptcr on catiipns. 'l‘Iiey ha\c demonstrated

dedicatioti lo the otgatii/ation and a strong capacity to ab~
sorlr the issues facing SUNY sludcttts. llaiitig worked to
educate atiti otgnrti/c students on tltc rrraior issrtcs facing its
as \\'c ptttstrc our right to quality higher cducutton. Madelyn
Kcisteiri airtl Debbie DcMatco tlcsct\c to be elected.

—~ \iun \‘i’eirter
.S. lHl/ r/t'lt‘utl/t'
(‘/trrir. .'l//ttlll|' Sttult'ltl l/rrton

Unanswered questions

'rtt the Editor:

| hare bet-rt tcndinrt the \.tlltltts articles and icttcts to thc
ctiitot coticctnrtrrI thr- L‘.|\t‘ oi Rorirrr Shapiro. .rriti I ir.r\c
lit-tonic \ct\ tiislttrltcd.

lhc t'tliltt' issttv ‘~L't_‘llts to bc i'cttrttc tottr'cd oser in mi»
|1tt'c|\t'.It't'ttttliltlti! or the facts. I Itcltcic tlrcrc .lli‘ tr-tt.rin
rptcstiorts that must be answered lot the t'tlllti oi the
lhriictstn. as \\L‘il as the L‘iilltitlltlllH.

tr \\'ho was responsible for tire ltrriicisrty's tilSc‘llllltlill)
acttoti'.’

2 i start) what was this dccisrott and on what basis was it
tlt‘lt'tltlltlctl'.’

t is there any ptrtoi. beyond i\ls. Shapiro‘s rcptrtt. that
a rape occur t ed and tiiat the .rtcttsctl pat ty was guilty".’ i | his
is not meant to tiottirt the word ol .\ls. Shapiro. it is only
trieatit to clear rip the i'at-rs.t

-l» H the accused was guilty of tapc. wiry is lie slili allowed
to walk the paths of orrr iiniictstty‘.’

5~lf titc accttscd was guilty. \\il_\’ is he still allowed to walk
the streets of society?

These issues are of monumental importance to every
female anti riiaic at otrr University. '1 lie thought that this
situation could happen again is absolutely horrifying. the
scariest aspect of this case is that Ms. Shapiro clairiied slic
cottld not fitid justice iii a court of law because she waited
too long to report the iticidctit. if this is true. tiicrr society
would iri effect he condoning a gross and trtiforgivcabic
crime that cart not be toleratcti by the worneti anti men of

civilized society. The facts must be ktiowti for the good

an t
) itliis

of its all. Without further damaging Ms. Shapiro. l i'ec
issue requires a printed response. iri tiic ASl’. from art ap»
propriate Utiivcrsity official.

— Stew-r ll. (Tolten

Irony of self-defense

To the Editor:

A ccrtaitr irony prevails when we consider that Robert
Martiiiiario‘s column. “the feminist political game" was
prititcd during a period which has seen so tiiatiy physical at—
tacks against women on the SUNYA campus. 'l his colrrtriti
spent a majority of titiie discussing wiry the women's niovc-
merit has irccorrrc a violent effort. (in l‘riday. ()ctobct l5.
Professor David .latiower gave a counter argutrictrt to Mar-
tittiatio. in essence. hc arguctl that being skilled lit self-
defense is an "act of preservation" and not one of \ ioictrcc.
I definitely agree.

During the past month. the ASi’ has priiitcti a number of
articles that focused on lltc SL'Miill hnr‘rassstitctrt that
woriicti iravc recently faced on this campus. these events
I'tiltgctl frotrr cirarges of “public lewdtrcss" to a tripe that
Occurred last year. These violent acts itave serious consc-
t|ttcncc.s for all women. Altlrotrgir Mr. Moro did not induce
physical force on his victiriis. he did subject cacti anti every
one of these women to tirerttal anguish. Notrc of these
Women could he sure that Mr. Mot'o's triotivcs were to “ori~
lit” shock and terrify them. it just as easily coirld have turn-
ed trttt to be an incident that involved a physical attack. arid
a few more rrtpe victirirs cotild have been added to the list. i
don’t know if self-defense would have done rt lot of good

for any of these women. but perhaps it would have ‘
alleviated sortie of the patiic that they must have experienc-
ed wiren they initially saw this exposed man.

Let‘s take it trite step ftrrther. On Friday. October I. over
500 women joined forces to rally in a “Take Back the
Night" march. This was to be the one night that women
would clairit as theirs. Tire rally began at the rtptowrr SUNY
campus. A group of perhaps twenty ferrrale students march-
ed to the areas where rapes had been known to occttr.
llowevcr. when these women r -achctl State Quad they were
greeted by a group of hostiic tnalc students who procccdcd
to ridicule them. Yet. iirstilts were not strotig criotrgli am-
rirttttitiori for these Stale ()nad gentlemen. The next step
was to llirow eggs at these women who had no way to de-
fend themselves. the wotircn who got trit were bruised
pliysicail ' and felt degraded psychologically.

Mr. Martiriiano complains that rrrore and rrrore women
are learning self—defense. ('arr anyone iti iris/tier rigltt irrintl
blatiic ns'.’ ()ri the \cry evctrirrg that was designated as a
women's "Take [lack the Night". females were both ver-
bally hartnsscti utid physically abused despite the fact that
titcy were situated iii a gtottp. and it was still daylight. Docs
Mr. Mattiltiarro have any advice for those of its who find
ourselves alone after dark'.’ if so. i hope he'll share his in-
sight and enlighten its.

—Karctt (.‘olinsltt

Sales mismanagement

To the Editor:

During pie-registration last spring. approxiirratcly forty
students sigticd tip for MK i' till. Sales Management. with
Professor Green. from the KM} course description
booklet. the course is described as being “the otgatii/ation
oi the sales dcputttnctrt. tit-\ciopitig arid training the sales
force. suit-s planning and forecasting. tprotas. Icttitorics.
performance standards. .utd analysis and control of selling
costs." What did this cotrtsc trrttt ottt to be. . .

The first day oi class. a lncstiay c\ctiitig. or were told
that the class which is supposed to titti three hours. would
last otiit trio. l'iil thc lilllii bout. the claws would have .t
lab. to bc schcdnicti lot iirrrt-.tl.r\ during the day. Most
students who has c \itls‘rL's on lucsday dtttitrrr tlic day. also
ll.’l\t' them on |hursd.t\ wt this ctcatcd thc litst problem
with the class. Also \ilicn the students sigricti tip for tire
ctttttsc. lltL'_\ llL'\L‘t L‘\[1L‘vlcrl that titc i.ib would be hcld m
l'tofcssor trtcctt's ironic itr North (itccnbusit. it the lab
could not be iicid on campus iot sonic tttrtotcsccn icasotis.
Now. how are students supposed to bc oti trttrc lot titcit
tcgttirrtiv stiicdtticti cirrsscs. win-ti tirc_\ tritrst Iitiri tircir was
back from North ( itcr-trbtrslt‘.’ \\'hal are students who hold
iolrs supposed to do‘.’ What are stttdt'nts who don‘t rltiic
supposed to do‘.’ is this how learning must take place?

The purpose ol thc lab iIt question is to use a rtncrttconl-
pttlcr. \\'c are stliL‘ that this computer could be \’t'l_\ useful
in the Satcs Matiagcrrient lieid. Now let its state tvitat l’tti»
l'cssor (irccri is having its do. We tirttst ttse this tiiictocom-
pttlcr to generate a letter to sctid to cotporatioii iii order to
entice them itr'conre tip to Albany for a career wcek rrc\t
semester to interiiew students. \’isicalc. a business language
for computers. is also lrcirig taught. We are stttc that thc
sttrdctrts would dctiriitciy benefit from this project. irtrt
wlint has it got to do with Sales Manngcmcnt'.’

After triote than si\ weeks of classes. wouldn't you c\v
pcct to hay c triote than tour to five pages of notes. of which
only oric-Itaii' page is pertinent iril'ortrration that will ever be
used? Wouldn‘t voir expect to icarri sorirething as a result of

Established in 1916

é

Editorial
News Editors
ASPactu Editor

Associate ASPncIs Editor

Sound Editor

Vision Editor
Sparta Edllorl

Associate Sports Editor
Editorial Panes Editor .Lrsa Strain
Contributing Editor . Andrew Cartutt
Editorial "salstants: Uttl)i)l|! dililtlt‘. Dt'iiiittr l‘roioia. Mint: Sctrwarr Stall
wrilurs: Mtktr flottaon. qutr lllntttkrtt, liollt llttntrttr. ltny Callpinro. Kurt Cantor.
iltrtrttrt Ktrrittotli Dickt-y. lttll l‘tntzttnt. Slut/o Gusset. Slupiion lttitrlti. Dttttltit:
Krrtulit. Charltrs M. (lint-tin. [)rtrrtru Mrttthllatr. David Micltriolriort. Carl Patkrt.
Lihﬂ Part-r. l‘htl l’tvnrt:k. Ltttrtri Quinn, l.t.' litrtcit. ltantly l'lolit. Spectrum and
Eilﬂllll Editor: ftotu Gutsotrrrr.

Busrness
Donnie Stevens. Business Manager
lintly Drodor. Assutrtrrlu Itrrsttrtrss Mattuyur
.lrrtitil Drniluu. Advertrstng Mttrtrigur
John Trolnrto. Satus Manager

Mark llrrtnritotitl.Ttitt Kaplowtlz
,, .. Dntttrttr Mllll‘ltlll
. .MtrnanG Taylor
. .. ltobort Schnutdtrr
I ,,... Dammit VtirtDontruruh
Mtcltatri Critttitin. Mrirc Hrtapoi
... Mrirk Gunner

KatntiSaruolt.Jutiy Torui
. . . . . .. Arlene Katlowliz
..Junniltu Block

billing Accountants .

Payroll Supervllor ...
Olllcn Coordinator. . .
Clan-ltch Man-oer . . . . . . .. ....Mlcktry Frank
Cotnpoaltlon Muriaaut . MolinauWasaurtnun
Advarllllna Salon: l'trttrt Forward. Noll Sunsrnun. Advent-inn Production
Man-guru: Mltidy Horowitz. Susan Poarlrnnn. Advertising Production: Rani
Glnritrtrru. Michelin Horowitz. Elainu Russell. Olllco sr-tt: Eileen Newman

   

 

 

Dun Belt. Lit/tut tn Ctr/at
Wnyno Poaretrootn. Managing Edtlor

going to class? Maybe it's time that the university htrcc‘
professors that have the time and patience to inspire learn-
ing. instead of those who use the students for their own
purposes and benefits.

-Nnme withheld by request

Feminism within

To the Editor:

it is true that men feel threatened by the feminist move-
ment and they should. Tire movement is seeking equality in
an unbalanced society. At present. the scales are tipped in
favor of men. They have the positions of power and control
rtt alriiost every level of society. in order for equality to oc-
cur. there must be a balancing out.

it is natural to defend what one has been born with and
grown tip with. For men. this power and control is seen as a
traturunl-borri right along with life rind liberty. The feminist
movement tltcn tells nren that this is not true, that they are
confusing rights with privileges and that these privileges are
to be taken away because they are not fair. Yes. a man
would feel titreatericd.

il a tiutrr is truly interested in ferriinisrri, he will have to go
beyond this. The task for trretr is to examine themselves and
their position in society and to explore the possibility ofgiv-
ing up this power to art extent. Sittiply put. this is hard
work. it is difficult for a woman to imagine giving tip
power; it is something we are trying irard to gain. th. just
as the gaining is difficult for women. the letting on is equal—
lv as difficult for rnetr.

\\‘otiren will have to becotrrc stronger atid rirorc ag-
gressive. llistoricnily. women have played the role of
passive. titiiid creatures. Yet this is otin part of arty
huntan's range. By playing the role. they‘ve denied a lot of
emotions jtrst as men have. We are all crippled ctirotiotialiy.

to become cqtral means to lrecotnc wiiole anti explore l'rcc-
ly the gamut: tcridettiess. cotiipassiotr. love. cottiradcry.
.ttriiritiort. success.

lint \voritcn cannot wait for men. Worricii riitrst continue
to work on tircir own seif-anarctitrss. individuality. and
power. 'l be hope is to show others that we do not fit into
the stereotype, that we are unique human beings. Yort cati-
trot look. label and go oti. We want a society of individuals.
trot stereotypes. We watit equality. ritrt inequality.

this sounds great. but riiett say they feel hostility when
the) approach l'entitiisrti anti that this antagonism doesn‘t
fit irrto the rosy picture above. (iraritcd. it is true that tiicrc
rs angcr. lint it is understandable. learning about the op—
ptessrorr of your st:\ attti yourself is trrreasittg. liatrcd anti

  

.rtn'cr are part of the tcspottsc, l‘til some it is the source of

their energy tor change. For others. it is a contradiction
that one lives with and tries to reconcile.
lint ii' a titan is truly interested in l'erriiriisrii and his own
growth as art individual. iic must understand this. Feminists
rein] to ire separatists. This is because they ticed to discover
the strength iii thcrtiseivcs. if a man wishes to explore
ictnittism anti equality, lie should ltrtrk witiiiri himself and
work with other riicti first. He must rcali/c the difficulty iri-
\oivctl itt moving towards equality. He will have to break
liirougli his role and step down. it takes as riittcii strength
and courage to give tip power as it does for women to take
hold of it. There scent to be preciotrs few men who are will-
itrg to consider this or who even attempt to understand this.
those who do hav- as riiticlr work ahead of them as
feminists. Hopefully we will tricet at a happy tirediati.
-l.rturri Henderson
t

 

aspecté

Production

Jaclt Duruchllo. Produclion Manager

. . . . . . . ..Cnthio Ryan
VnrtchlCarnorl .... . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .. Bill Bontlta
Pastetup: Janine Barker. Loallo Frntkln, David Mlcltuo httti. Patty Mitchell.
John Motari Typlltl: Joyce Built. Erica D'Adnmo. Pal Ftrtrrechlato, Joanna
thdntstuuvn. Stove Graentrnutn. Elizabeth Huymun. Ginny Huber. Kelly Lane.
tlructr Park. Joel Rants. Laura Sacco. Mark Waller Chnulluun Joe Ollanski

Photography

Sitpltl'utl principally by University Photo Survicu. a student group

Clrltri Photograph-r: Drive Arthur. UPS Stall: Chuck Dt't‘ttrluiti. Alan calom.
Attty Cotton. Sirurry Cotton. David Hnuson. Mlchnlu Kurcttrtttr. HllafY Lamb 5‘1
Matusslch. Lola Mattabonl. Alan Munttu. Susan Elnino Militiit1l\.DaVld Rivera
Lisa Simmons. Erica Spuignl. Sunrr Stulnkamp. Wurrtrn t‘itour. Jtm Valentino
thl Yunnan

  
   

Chlol Typo-utter

 

 

 

 

Enllro content! copyright to 1901 Albany Student Press Curpollllon.

The Albany Student Press it: publishad Tuquays nttu Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporattt It. an independent
nottlotproltt corporation.

Editorials are written by Ilia Editor In Chlot with nitnnlrtttu at the Editorial
Board; policy in subject to review by the Editorial Board Advertising policy
does not nacuusnrlly reilocl editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Pietra. cc 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(5‘8) 457-8892332233”

 

 

i
i
i
I
1

«4:14;-

..t—ei

wviw ‘

 

