 
 
  
      
 

 

 

 

 

 

wh-Ln u»nr.><~..__ 4.0";I

t

' I Nr'efw*l5

   

» 
Hosted...“

   

page, mummies. 19.82
ﬂ

at it synqkéﬁi’i .Ot rlarotlf l
l
l

'esponses to the name fLou Reed
R usually Include, "Isn’t he the guy‘
who wrote the song about colored
girltl singing?” or. "Oh yeah. Sweet Jane
Livel.” Well. David Bowie. who produced
Tra former. has been decked by our hero
for ‘ etting a little out of line" and Steve
Hunt r. guitarist on Rock and RdillAnimaI ls
long gone. What does this mean? It means
that tl 2 Reed shown us In those particular
album . while the most popular of what he's
done. emains a thing of the past. if you're
lookinglto hear the old Reed. l guess that's
the bad) news; the good news is that Reed
has finally matured and released his best
album since the days of the Velvet
Underground.

:Joe Trelliri

The Brooklyn born Reed started his career
with Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground.
perhaps one of musics most influential
bands. In the late 60's/earlyl 70's. rock
began'to expand in it's acceptarice as an ar-
tistic and politically influential medium The
Velvets took much of the growing pretense
out and pyt immediacy back In. While the
Jefferson Airplane was sayingl "‘it doesn't
mean shit .to a tree." Reed and the Velvets
said nothing means shit to a heroin addict.
They were' of the streets of New York and
explained life In.no uncertain terms.

After a period of indecision following an
unsuccess ul first LP. Reed 'issued
Transform . the album that Ilr'rust him into
FM superstbrdom and paved the way for his
checkered career. Aside from Transformer
and the recording of the following two with
Steve Hunter. Reed has never had a hit or
overly successful album, nor done much to
bolster his one-time "superstar" image.

Reed has always done what he wanted to
do. and as such paid the price: years of hav-
ing his albri'ms virtually ignored by commer-
cial radios. You see. Reed really is an
Average Guy. as he states in The Blue Mask.
He' never 'could understand why he was
treated differently than anybody else. He
plays anything but a slick guitar. talks
through his simplistic songs and lyrics. which
sometimes are so solemn they could make

 

 

 

 

 

potential suicide victims too depressed to
lump. . ‘

But/ the aforementioned faults are what
makes him a great rock 'n roller. Rock 'n roll
tells it like It Is. with energy. and so does
Reed. He's the streets. "he don't take no

'—- and that is Lou'Reed.’ he's you on stage.

 

he doesn’t perform because It's not an. act.
he’s living for the moment. lt’can't be analyz-
ed. merely appreciated. Lou Reed is an at-
titude and'that's the beauty. What sets him
apart Is that no one can take a stance quite
llke.him. Who else calls the president of his
record company a “toefucker” when he
knows he's in the audience. He calls It like he
sees it and gives a great description of his
perception.

 

 

shit." The fact that he's “just an average guy"
makes him all the better. He could be any of
us standlhg in front of an audience saying
what he feels and perceives. '

When he sings "Heroin" you know what
he's talking about. because you're there.
you're In it. addict or not. Rock 'n roll has
always been immediacy. living on the edge

Old Wave

hr: latest effort from Orchestral

' Manoeuvres in the Dark. called Arr
chifecfure and Morality shows that

the band is building much better tunes from
their synthesizer base. Syntb bands. these
days. rarely change formulas enough to
create a-whole new focus. OMi) has done
the next best thing — they are tapping the
finer aspects of their present formula. And
while this record still suffers from a repetition
problem. it has less of the experimental art—
sinw tours{massesé’zrismsﬂrﬂs

Ftob Edelstein

 ndrlitlon to the DMD
sound comes in the fun of choral ar-
rangements. The bot? example of this is
found in “Souvenir " with the arrangements
moulded by Duvrd Hughes. In. quality and
melody. "53m tentr" istlie mellow equivalent
to such fest-Ir songs-as ‘Fnoto Gay" .and
"if ‘t!.  ' 'mind on the ;arrd's urtvintrsly
rel: «arm carrirpilatlon. 0M5}. fins tune
marries fine lyrics. berr't-iu’ inviriiry and
to." "a vocals that make it i-s stirring as possi-
ble. am! rim;- some. '

‘ ' . with lltr't narcotic-n. of
.‘.r .nlt "Th.- Nv'u .‘grnne
n; s strong in birth guitar ivr‘irl “Mil work.
and "She": Leasing. " Tin- Sam. "ili' ," is not
only pretty. but attains a fair Syrrrit baiance as
well. “Sealand” ls less interesting but picks
up a better than workable melody in mid-
song. An impression one gets from the
album as a whole though, is that mostvsongs
would fare better with the disappearance of
the first 20 seconds.

phzz‘3l22(i‘“:\0';dbanrl members Paul Hum-
frorn Malcolm Hazetdcg'm'wy‘ lw"h _ help

- er“: r ( mirror and

 

   
 

Michael Douglas) present two different ver‘
slons of a song called “Joan of Arc." each
with a distinct "personality." The first is
characterized by strings and choral
movements. whereas the second. subtitled
“Maid of Orleans." is less artistic. Both attest
to a versatility that occasionally rises above
the disappointing repetitiveness of Orchestral
Manoeuvres. seen most exemplary in “The
Beginning and the End." This last tune gives
one the impression that maybe the choral
sounds were overused on this album. Aside
from-that. the title cut just sits there. while
"Georgia" does anything" but. "Georgia"
reaffirms all that can be good about OMD ~—
a good mix of synthesizers and instrumenta~
tion that complement the new versatility.
With Architecture, and Morality. Or-
chestr'al‘ Manoeuvres in the Dark have
presented a solution as well as another pro‘
blern. They have created an album with a
style that seems to drown some of their
needless artsiiress and amateurish syn-
;livdzer bubble. The present prnblrnrr lies in a
newly created rr'petitlveness. But at l.'\'5l
OMD has sclved one problem. which Is
more than one can say for most electronical-
iy inclined bands of the day. This achieve-
nl‘n'll not only makes Arming/tire and
Morality Worthwhile. but it is L'I trihrrtc to the.
gruwrng creativity of the band as Lt‘r'll

 

With today's progressive music . scene
presumably being dominated by either elec<
tronic sounds or rock with meaningful lyrics.
the appearance of pure power pop has

seemed to drop slightly. A couple of years .

ago. power pop. with its catchy tunes and
carefree lyrics moved many bands. par-
ticularly Rockplle. into that ever-lasting
limelight.

Am lblue?
The new
Lou Reed.

Where Reed got into trouble over the
years was in his personal problems and drug-
ruined eyesight. While his albums had spots
of greatness his overall vision of life was
muddled with drugs and a gay lifestyle that.
for him. just shook things out of proportion.
Stuck in this period of confusion. Reed’s
albums were just that. until his wife Sylvia
came along. His first album. under her in-

fluence. was Growing Up in Public. an apt ti-

- tie for an LP which dealt in great detail with

the turmoil of the past 12 years. when he
was trying to mature. The 'songs. oddly
enough. written with Reed's gay lover start
to unravel the psychological mysteries of his
life.

The Blue Mask takes it one step further.
While his perceptions of himself were clear In
Growing Up In Public. The Blue Mask shows
his perceptions of life. While “Waves of
Fear" are “. . .causing him to be afraid of
his own smell. . ." there Is another side of
Reed that emerges for the first time. He
knows what happened In the past. but is
nrore concerned about correcting the future.
In Public Lou composed a witty salute to
alcohol called “The Power of Positive Drink-
ing." The Blue Mask. however. contains a
sequel, entitled “Underneath the Bottle."
focusing in on past mistakes In no uncertain
terms: “Ooh wee. look at me. looking for
some sympathy. it's the same old story. of a
man and his search for glory. and he found it
underneath the bottle.'.' After much descrip»
tion he finally emerges with ”, . .I lost my
pride and it's hiding underneath the
bottle. . ." Another change in Reed was
that he cast aside his gay lifestyle with a
vengeance, demonstrated in "Women."
"Heavenly Arms" is a touching. flowing ans
them (whose beauty is slightly obscured by
raw vocals). dedicated to Sylvia. that keys
on the line. “only a woman can love a man."

Musically. there is only one overdub on
the LP and the rest is done "live." Reed's
guitar playing has certainly improved and
he's joined by Robert Quine (Raybeais ax-
eman and one of the best) for a well struc-
tured. basically simple musical LP. Most
songs are softer than we‘ve come to expect.
with the noticeable exceptions of "The Blue
Mask" and "Waves of Fear." whose violent
and panic stricken lyrical content is ivoll
represented by vicious. angry and violent
guitar. The only song with real commercial
potential is “Average Guy" a whimsical.
bouncy number.

No song more than “My House" expresses
the contentment he's found. however. in
which the once bad Brooklyn Boy says. “l've
got such a lucky life. my writing. my motor—
cycle and my wife." It Reed can say that it
must mean there is hope for all of us.

Reed's still a rock 'n roller — he’s still living
for the moment. He's just enjoying them
more nowadays. Thanks Sylvia. Cl

 

M»

 

   

The wages of synth: Andy McCluskey
One band which epitomized this sound
was The Beat. Their first album featured a
few lilteable songs which could be admired
for their tempo and fullness of production.
The Beat Is now called Paul Collins' Beat
and their new album The Kids Are the Same
fits right into this pop mold. As a whole. it
fails a bit below The Beat's album In quality.
but If you're a lover of this type of music.
then this record will fit well in your collection
right next to that Go-LSo's album. '
Every song on the disc ls pop Ir'r Its leancst
form. The harmonics are 'smooth and
perfect. Guitar leads fit well within their allot-
ted slots. The rhythm guitar plucks and
strums as mechanically as ever. And the
lyrics -— quite banal. Three-quarters of the
words in “Will You Listen" show the song's

. narrator listening to the sounds of nature in

order to forget the last quarter of the lyrics »
his life problems. And that'sthe “deep” stuff._ ,
But it doesn't really matter. Power pop
words are traditionally fluffy. The important
measure of pop quality is the music. in The
Kids Are the Same. some stand-outs break

. 'through the occasional repetition. The very

good thing about Paul Collins' Beat is that.
they do try.

 

         

 

and Paul Humphreys are OMU

The best cut here is called “it's Just a Mat-
ter of Time" because It achieves the most
creative interplay between clear vocalization
and/or harmony. and guitar-bass work.A
few of the other tunes. especially those pen-
. ned solely by Collins. have a rather apparent
Beatles Influence. There Is only one slower
song here. entitled “Met Her Yesterday" and
it is hardly a high polnt..l"op works best
when It Is played In either ir mld- or quick
tempo .

The most uncharacteristic cut ls “I Will Say
No" which makes use of minor chords —
giving the sound more of a bite — and more
"desperate" sourrzllng vocrrl‘. andlyrics. It‘s a
fitting last song to the alber because it Is a

' slight departure. The for ...tla here has the
potential of suffering ttm this! of becoming
' played out. especially if put-hint trends corr-
tlnue. That would. however. be a shame.
After so many years without decent pop. 1 ‘
would hate to see its overdose in the late
seventies cause another downfall. The Beat
are rather light by many standards. but they

can catch you humming when you least ex- _

peel it. The advice here is to give it a try. The
caution here is just don't listen too closely. Cl

      
            

  

_.i\.r~

   

 

hen Alan Ayckbourn's The Nar-
man Conquests first appeared on
Broadway in the mid~seventies it

as an Intimidatlng production. frightening
o audiences as only a trilogy can be. The
hree parts of his domestic comedy ran on
hree consecutive evenings. with three
eparate admissions.

Andrew Carroll

mni
omething like this: Was this one play. worth

weeek’s Investment? Or could each
Ipisode be viewed as a whole unto itself?
The problem was complicated by
Ayckbourn's approach to the trilogy. which
deserves kudos for sheer cleverness if
nothing else. The three parts of the Con-
quests weren't chronological. but
simultaneous. Exits in one play become en-
trances Into another. leaving you with a nag-
gtng feeling of having missed something in
the garden while spending time In the living
room. Of course the anSWer to all this mus-
ing was found at the box office. For s15.50.
did you really care what was going on Ion
the garden?

The best solution to the Norman problem
came by way of the BBC. which recognized
that The Norman Conquests was a television
natural, Roots testified to an audience‘s stick-

       

  

 

.r can—4. ~--....,..._..s . . ,

 

i

Three's company: Kit Flanagan an

  

rd) 1  

d James Goodwin Rice in Capital Repertory's

f SOUND
ﬂ Sr. VISION

. muse ru—

 

Capital Rep tn Norman,s Land-

 
   

Table Manners

to-lt—iverress. and Ayckbourn's saga found a
home as a mini-series starring Tom Conti
(Who originated the Richard Dreyfuss role in
the Broadway production of Whose Life Is it
Anyway?) .

Which brings us to the'Capital Repertory
Company's production of Table Manners.
the dining roonr segment. which too
recognizes that the Conquests is really a sit-
com with a British accent. owing more to
Neil Simon than It does to Harold Pinter. in

It’s Ali

doing so. they show off an engaging and
highly polished repertory company. capable
of creating laughs while filling their new
home. the Market Theater. at 111 North
Pearl.

Thank Erastus Coming and the scores of
other politicos and businessmen (including
SUNY) who financed Cap Rap and gave us
James Goodwin Rice in tlw role of Norman.
He Is tr bearded and frustrated gigolo. trying
to reconcile an insatiable libido with his

s...

\

ye!

 

.. . cvlobrrrlirrn of the (iris has begun!
l-‘or tlw prist week and llit‘ wur'k
coming flit' SllNYA Arts (Irrnnril is

presenting an t'XCillilg .rrrrry of Ir-ctuir's.
films. dance, and music. and calling thr-
whole thing “Expericirt‘r: {\lin‘ Arts iii the
Eighties."

To start lllt' r‘ulobrirtion off. the Fourteenth
Annual Sturlunl lixbibit opt'nrrtl Mirnrlrry in
the Campus Center Isrillrririm li will bu llli‘t‘t’
until March 23 and fllt‘ll will be Irrinsfvitvrl ll)
the Patriioir Lounge titllil MdH'll iil 'l‘lw
show offers works selected by juror (‘rirnt'lirr
McSlrr'elry (from the ltlrrrrlo lslrrnrl School of
Design) and ltit‘lutlt's painting. photography.
sculpture and siniirtrtl gloss.

Upcoming ovunts look extremely inviting
and include “Contemporary Miivvmvnls" »
an evening of dance sponsored by the rlrrncu
council tonight at h‘ and a special previuw of
Experimental Theatre. offering two new.

'iilfllilrll ]ilri\,l‘~ by Hill Cumin" litni'r VICU'
tlnt'i'ir-rl by Jun 'l'lrtVIEIS r‘iirrl Knm‘k 'I‘uiiii- l/
Ytitt'lt’ Nrii It’r'rrlly I'fir'it'. Iriiirmrrrw .rnil
Suirrlrrv .ri h

For llit' imisir‘ liivuis. iltu Ullth’tfrlll) .lri//
lirisrrnililr- is plrrying 7 PM Munrlrrv. Mrilill
22 tinrlui flti' tfli't’t‘lltiil of tho [)tlp'tlldl ltrry
lit-Itig if it is .inytliiiig lllr't' lll‘r it-rr'nt t'tillt't‘il.
it should he sflllh'iltltitix. Aiirl fill lllli‘rt' who
.rppit'rirrti‘ tlrr- writtr'n twirl. tlrri llnrnr'rnrtrr's
Department is sponsoring " l‘lir' l’rrr-t Liprurlrs
(:lllllt‘lilpttlrllv Winks” on two nights:
Thurs March 115 and Mini Mr'tli'll 2‘) ill 7
I’M '

l‘tnr'rlly two" informniivv and intriguing
llltIVlt’H (ll'L’ being shown: fllr' .rwrritl wtinniig
rinimrrted flllt‘l'lltlfltllitlf 'Illiililt't‘ ri/ iiiiiiiiri
Iiriir trittl Picasso: A f’ritiiir'i's flurry whian
respectively on Tuvs March 23 rilltl 'l‘ur-s
Mr'riclr Iii). birth .r H l’M Debbie

Millman

join this

 

   

   
   

 

'March 19. 1982/page 11a

rcareer as kept husband and assistant

'llbrartan. Not one to wander far from home.
he excerclses his wiles first on his wife's
younger sister. and later. . .well. by the end
of the play. his promise "I'll make you hap-
py" has instigated a family affair.

Rice's performance Is a comic tour de
force. especially in the breakfast scene of the
first act (the play draws Its title and humor
from four very harried mealtimes). Mocking.
cajoling. badgering. and reading the minds
of the brother- and sister~in-laws. It's a
hilarious monologue which may have leapt
straight tom the soundstage of John Cleese's
Fowlty Towers.

In fact. much of Michael Hume's direction
seems to owe. intentionally or not. a debt to
the veddy English pacing of Fawlty and other
British sitcoms. While the script remains
sharp and sophisticated. the British sensibili-
ty allows for slapstick. pratfalls. outrageous
puns. and preposterous turns of plot.

The rest of the cast carries this off with
aplomb (if you can ignore the sometimes er-
ratic British accents. particularly the over-
ripe Scottish brogue of Richard Zobel). Mary
Baird as the dowdy older sister Is a delicious
prude. both revolted and intrigued when she
discovers younger sister Annie's linson with
Norman. As Annie. Knic- Kelly is often too
theatrical for the theater's llllllllillk’ three-
quarter stage. but slw ultimately proves an
agreeable frtimp

Miclrervl Aikin sicr'rls mur’lr of Rico's
lliliiitlt'i' willr rr iinlnus purfriiinrrncu iii the
first scone. playing the Qittitly. brick-shipping.
subuibnuilv broilwr irr-lrirv lli' looks as l'rurt
ltr-ynoltls might srrns mg and with (I luv r-x
Irrr pounds. and lit‘l'r' illﬁjilnys lllllt’l) rif tlrr'ri
strint' sintig. srrit'nstir' lnrrrrrii lt's it slrrrrni' lie
rlirr'sn't lrrrvr’ more it) (lit the rust Hf Illt‘ lilrry.

lir'sirlr-s his r'rt‘r‘r-nt. Zribr'l also nvurtloes
lllt' lll(i’rll‘tll‘ slrlninp bit as Tom. the it'lrir'trint
r'rnrl (lr'nihly slow suitor (ll Annie. le lovely
Kli Flanagan (luvs butter its Norman's t'rrruur-
woman wric Ruth. vr'rinly ignoring her
glasses and sqrrirrting through one llll'dl rrftur
.rirrrtlrui

halo Jordan has t’l’t‘rllt’tl a creaky. nrnorly
lt'riglislr rliiiing room that isjust bogging for a
good rlrrstiiig l.r'riy ()pitr lighting rrlso
(ll'St‘l'Vt’S rl "ll'llllflll

Arlrl rill this trigir'tlir-i. .rrirl you l't’rill/t' tlir'rt
(‘rip llt'p lirrs ftilflllr'tl llli’ promise of iritintlrs
rif publicity rllill yi'rri‘s of pliriuring li's rr r‘lrrss
rlt'l. in .r r hiss llli'rill’l Ilirri wrinkl llt’ rrniifiii
Inlrlr- Irr'xi It) llir' r'sirrbllslit'rl lirrusr's rift»
liirirrrlwrry, 'l'riiilri Miiiiiii'rs runs through
Suntlrry irirrl is worth it bus in mi llili'
rlrrwntriwn /\ Htrr'r'trrn Nriiiir'if l)i’SlIt’ riprrns
tin lllt‘ Mrtit’li 27. rllltl wr-‘ll sm- if lllt‘ i'tilll'
puny r‘r'rti ill) rrs \vr’ll witli tll'illlli‘ As it (ltii'S
\vitli rr tlt'lltlltfflil BilllSll t‘riiiiurly. ‘. l

,. A Boy’s Life Envied

«even ten years older than me. Peo-

ple tell'me that at twenty-four I‘m

still young. They. obviously. have never

given serious thought the subject of Steven
Spielberg.

S ieven Spielberg is tlrirty-three.__Noi

There's a story 

' that Spielberg got his first job out of UCLA's

film school by walking in through the lllrllll
ate at Universal. waving at flit: guard as if
it: worked there. Once in. tliv srimv rrir of
elf-confidence liriodwinkutl vvvryorw visa,
5 Spielberg. dressed in on L‘XW'UlIVt’ style
urt wandered about stittitcl‘rfrigt‘s watching
‘V shows being shot Anytime lie was «I5l(\!tl
he he was. he said ho was on "urrriflit‘irrl
lisorver." which Ctiiivllrtutl r-vr-ryrinr' he
:15 some producer's nephew According to
w story..Spielberg did this for days. rind
Ven went so far as to comniandecr ir ptll'k‘
‘9 spaceland an empty Office. Srith'i'il“
Ventually looked him up on the payroll lists.
rid not finding him there. asked him who he
ctually was. Spielberg came clc'r‘rn. exper-

‘ . l9 to be arrested. Instead. the brass was so

‘ Pressed-they gave hirna job.

i r r

LJ .Vtoeul) out ﬁblkfl t'noli litrir cl "ii'Jlf tiL'Ir'liItr‘r

If i ever meet Spielberg. the first thing l'in
going to do is ask lrirri if the story's true. In
any event. Spielberg did work his way
through Ilw ranks of TV with frightening
speed. and while lit.- was only lii his mid»
twenties he (lll't't‘lL'tl rlt)illl (Trnwford in lllt’
pilot filiri for Night (,ltllft.’l'y. “C was only
twenty—sown when he tllillt‘lt‘tl Janis. wlrit'lr
shuttered all cxrsiing box office records. It
was only his second ft'rtltlit‘ film. (The first.
'I'Iir' Sugorfunrl Ifxprrfss. which started
(iolrlir! l'lawn wrrs rr r'iitir'ul success and n hrix

changes.

'l'lieso stories about Spielberg can't all bu
titre. I admit. Everyone in Hollywood. rtflt't
oil. has been to a party lllitl Steven Spirrllwig
was supposed to come to. At times I wonder
if there really is a Stovun Spielberg. He lives
too many of my fantasies to be true. The
combined box office grrr..ts rif Jams and
(flash [Encounters n] ffii' Third Kind llerL’
probably exceeded half rr billion (lollrrrs at
this point. rind that's not taking h’airlr'rs ri/
ffit' Lost Ark into account.

 

“At times I wonder if there is a Steven Spielberg. He
lines 100 many of my fantasies to be true."

office failure.)

The story of how Sjiiullwrg grit .lrrurs is
almost as \Vlltl us how he got his llirrl ltili
Spielberg. for i)l|(' reason or rilltllllL'l'. was in
producer Richuid Zarruck's office at Univer-
sal. He found the grillvys to the still- »
unprililislrod Jams and took them home with
lliili. He read lllt.‘ whole book that night. and
decided he loved it. He called Zalruck with a
list of changes he wanted to make before he
directed it. Not only did Zanuck lrire‘hiin to
direct the film. he agreed to most of the

.irirv. .r. r.  r...

wt oh grim

More disgusting. lre'rl directed both before
lit-'tl turned thirty. and they're gorirl films.
better (even than they're often given credit
ltit

Spielberg is one of the bust working (lll'UC-
tors in the world right now. regardless of the ‘
fzict tlrrrt he's also one of lllL‘ most successful
t'riirrmercially. The reason his films are
popular is that they‘re exuberant films. ob-
viously made by someone that enjoys what

. .hu's doing. His movies'are also dlscerirably Ir

... ‘... ulti- :.':.........

‘.. -.r...r.i..

trlprl'iirril

'Aineiican 'l'lruy'it’ rooted in American
culture. irntl they reflect it. They're also
about movius Spielberg is a grown up
movie fan. and his films reflect their own
medium as well as their culture. While pairi-
ting and prosc have come in stages where
the artfornr is concerned with itself. Spielberg
is bringing the same phase to popular film.
He represents a new sophistication in
American filmmoking.

He's also mirth: movies more fun to go to
than they've been in years. and tlrr’rc's
nothing wrong with tlrait. Spielberg. it's not
generally known. has (mother movie shot
zrnrl uirrk-r warps (’Vt'ii now. The title is A
Boy's Life. at least tentatively. and it stars
Dec Wrrllrrcu. who starred in this past sum
Irrer's lrriririr hit. Tirv f’fUtiillllg. Apparently A
Boy's Life is science fiction. dealing with
t-xtrri-icrrvstiials. but as with Close Err
cririiitrzis illltl ft’uidcrs. no one really knows
too much about it. It'll be otit this summer
and we'll find out then.

Spielberg is an object of Intense envy'for
me. He's young. rich. famous. and good.
He's only made six feature films so far. too. I
hate to think of what he might be doing
when he gets some experience. . . Lil

burs cm. ‘. ‘ ..r;M .avtnloH'rv

 

 

 

 

