 

  
  
      

 

‘r
I
l
i.
i.

 

   
   
 
  
     
   
 
   
   
    
   
    
    
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
    
  
  
    
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

MM

RCO Phase Out

Cheryl M. Kaplan

As a declared Rhetoric and Communica-
tion. (RCO) major. l have been distressed
and concerned with the recent series of
events which have occurred pertaining to
the RC0 department. In the ASPtpublish-
ed on March 26) an article appeared which
began to detail some. of the cutbacks that
the RCO department will undergo next
year. Essentially. as of the next fall
semester. the RCO department will be sole-
ly geared towards seeing that the 400 or
more declared majors can graduate with the
RCO major that they have already Started.
The lower level RCO courses. including the
introductory course. have been deleted. so
that no more students can enter the RCO
department. Though the declared RCO ma-
jors will be able to complete their major in
RCO. it is evident that the RCO department
is being phusc‘d out at SUNYA.

SUNYA has a reputation of offering i'inc
academics in a wide range of fields. Even if
the RC0 department is being phased out.
the school has an obligation to see that the
declared RCO majors not only are able to

graduate with a major in RCO, but are able
to leave SUNYA with a strong degree: a
quality education in their major field of
study; RCO. Tltough the RC0 department
will rentain so that its iii-progress majors
can graduate. i am not convinced titat the
quality of the degree will be what it should
be. i tttakc this statement for three reasons.
The first is tltat the morale ol' boilr the RH)
instructors and of the RH) students is cs-
ttcntely to“. When i went to tire R( t) ad-
\isetucnt. faculty and students alike sccrircd
not only discotrtagcd, but also sorrtcrilrar
scared. Students seemed to Ircqrrcrulr ask:
"What \iill rrty RU) tttaroi ttorii \l \l“\
be worth? \\ ill i really lic tccciititg a strong
education in Rt’tl ii i continue iii tltis rtttt-
_ior at SUNlI-V‘ lltc scirior Rt. t) ttr.tior l
spoke uith rtdt iscd inc to ttarrsicr schools it
i \\.1\ serious about continuing riiy ctlric.r«
tiott iii the licid oi corrimurircatrorrs. the

uncertainty and the Ion morale will surely ‘
not help the students and tire l.|slli|\ in the
RH) department; tot rrtstcrtd ol upholding
it comniittrtrerrt oi oitctittg and reccrirng a
solid RU) crrrriculutti. thc attittttlc rs onc oi
miscd acceptance. despair. and Icchugs ol.
“l'm this tar irtto the manor. arid I can't
really snitch trots. so l'll try arid irttish as
best as l cart."

Secondly. \\itlt so few tactilty rucrtibcrs
and so many Rt () rttators the t|lI.lill\ ot the

RCO courses offered is bound to suffer. it
is crucial that the core corrrses of a depart-
ment be of a si/e conducive to the teaching
and learning of the .strbject matter; especial-
ly in RCO—tt field itr which classroom par-
ticipation arid discussiotr are imperative to
effective learning. Yet with incr‘asing
course size. fewer sections offered. and the
new faculty to student ratio of 60:1. the
quality of tire RCO courses will deﬁnitely
decrease.
When i went to preregister for the RCO
courses l had selected. i found that l was
unable to get into courses t not only wanted
to take. but needed to take to complete the
major. The instructor of one course said to
tire. "The waiting list for the course is twice
as long as the list of people that got into the
class." Regardless of what ltas been said
about continuing tltc program so that the
majors cart graduate. even at the RCO
preregistration l as well as many other RCO
majors. was unable to get the classes l nccd-
ed to complete the major. it was suggested
to me a number of times that I make
srrbstitutiorrs frortt other departments
within the University. To rue. this would be
delcating. Though perhaps tltesc substitu-
tions from other departments may address
some oi the topics dealt \\ilit in the RCO
core classes. they would riot dcal esclusiiely‘
with R('() topics. arid would not discuss
tlrcsc topics as deeply, \\'ltcri declaring a
rttttior. tltt.‘ strtdcnt seeks to learn rtiorc
aborit tltc clcrttctits that compose tltc
discipline. lltc strrdcm stti\cs to "it it
\iotking kttonlcdgc. and detailed
understanding oi the itcld. .\l.rkirig
substitutions trotit otlrcr tit‘prtlllttt'ttls‘
though it \\|il tron enable the Rt (trrtaror to
ttrlirll ittaror retirrrrcrrtcrrts. will not sitc-
ccsstrrlly allou the student to enrich ltrs or
her understanding or Rhetoric and (ont«
rttrttiicatiorr. lltc olirccttic or it triaroi itcld
ol stridy is to intensity ottc's study oi .1 par-
tttrilar kli‘kii‘iillL‘-v-ltl yet tttotc spccittc.
tnorc dctailcd. not to get broader and to en-
cttlttt‘ttss Ittitlt' ctttttscs ltttltt tttitt'l .ttL‘tts.
-\lso, by rcdrtctttg tltc number or ctcthts
needed to Iltlllii tltc Rt (i rttaior irotrr to to
.10. | “onch what part ot the once required
curriculum is being s'iltttttlttlL‘ti. ('att these
corners icalls altord to lie cttt'.‘ “til the
Rt () rttrtroi bc as mild as Iltc Rt it rttator
\\.ts last year. or tltc _\car before? lltrts.
because of the feelings of uncertainty and
concern rsltrcli arc prcialcrtt airtortg tlrc

 

  
 
 
 
 
    

class sire, because of the increasing facility
to strident-ratio, and because ofthc seeming
relaxation of the requirements of the RC
nrajor. I do not feel that the quality of the
major will be what it should be. and.
moreover. what the students and faculty
would like it to be.
Perhaps it tire R(.‘() department had only
a small turrrrber of rtrajors. and that number
was declining front year to year—or even
remaining constant. perhaps if the major
was becoming obsolete in today's rapidly
changing world. the phasing out of the
department would be less apt to be ques-
tioned. The RCO department has. however.
grown substantially over the past few years.
in fact. it became titre of the most popular
majors at SUNYA. Why then. is this
department which has increased in
popularity. and seems to‘be applicable to a
wide range of careers being discontinued? l
spent a considerable amount of time trying
to get answers to tlrese questions. Unfor-
tunately. the people that I tried to approach
were unwilling to comrrrent. The few in-
dividuals that would comment gave the
varying answers. and didn't seem complete-
ly sure of the status and of the future of the
RC0 department. It became quickly clear
tome that these people—tire ones that lex-
‘ pcctcd to have the answers. didn't know
ultai was going to come orrt ofthc cutbacks
levied agaittst tlte RCO department. nor did
they really know what would follow the
cictttual dissolution of the department.
People ucre reluctant to continent, because
i don't think that they know how to rectify
tlte sittttttiott. There is talk that an inter-
disciplinary rrraiot will be created itt Iltc
Irrtttrc for students interested itt (‘oru-
rrtttrticaliotts. lor such it lzti'gc lini\ctsity‘.
one uhosc rcpritatiott is grossing. l tcttd to
Ich that it would be cstrcrncly unfortunate
to not h.t\ c .r scparrttc department of Com»
tttttltit‘ttttrtlts, l question lion feasible an “L
tctdisciplrrtaiy tttt'llttt would be. cspccially
lot all or the many students who currently
are rrrrcicstcd irt studying ('otttttrurric; ions.
l‘crltaps rt ttirglrt be more realistic. and
tttorc licttcticial to the students to consider a
rcotgarti/atiorr oi tltc RH) departttrcirt. as
opposed to the dissolution ol the dcpart~
rrtcrrr.
the questions ulrrcli i hate raised irt this
letter are many. and complicated. and as l
ritcrttiottcd. I don‘t think tliai all oi tiic
ansncrs hate been I'orrrtulatcd. i am tuition
in tropes tltar the situation will pass close cv-
aurirtatiorr belorc decisions are tirade. arid
'tlrat the problems tltat hate arisen for the
continuing R('() ruaior's cart be adtlrcsscd.
so that the RCO rttrtior that they graduate
“tilt is truly a solid tttttiot.

 

 

 

  

i —.
/’ ..
awe
ate-"rat

 

 

   
 
  
  

m
. WW mas-n W
, @I / ‘ /’
5:74] Wife. git.
N

 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  

 

 

 

   

i.- 

 

    
  
    
  
    
  
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.s..r.. -  .,..
.. it ,.' r: it

iiiii-lslt II”! “or r r It’l’ililrg'li

in it .r,,v ‘r... r. or...”

 

 

.Iiir‘ ...t r--l
o. autumn. «. irrr' [\r.‘ ii. it lrr‘il mitt i.it.'.'t r t

 

 

  

  

'- "r - i r;
Anvil/nit

  
  

jigs) Viig I.

 

Election Protection

‘

 

To the Editor:

The ASP has used the assumption rim
because of past SA election mishaps. rirr.
election will also haye problems. 'l he .is/'
ltas riscd mirror incidents and rrrrsutisrari
tiatcd rrrmorrrs in art attempt to crcaic .r
scandal. if the ASP wishes to point our
tion irregularities. it should do so \\rt|.
facts. not garbage.

The ASP should also rcali/e that rtt rc.r|
SA problems over the past years. .rm
students who have not contributed their in»
put, are as mrtch to blame as ittty‘tlttt‘. .\i|
students are SA. not just those elected!

Additionally. as Central ('ritrrrr .|
members who have spent many hours on
election policy. we take personal oltcrrsc rtl
tltc editorial statement that SA did ttor put
enough thought into the clectiotr polity.

—I‘Iric ’l'urkeuitr
—l.auren J. Walter
—Rich Schuficr

Central Council Member-r

 

Budget Approval

 

To the Editor:

We finally finished ottr \sork and lirttt r:
is up to Central Council to pass the budget.

The Bridget Committee: l'ric Nilcr. iy'rrrr
l5isltkin. Donna l-iclmcr. ('atlty l.t\rr .r.
ls'citlt l..it\v:tk. Carl Wolfson. Marl. \rt on.
Neil Sicgcl. Steve Ahcatn. and Mt! i .
spent tltrce (sometimes lotrri days a 
and tire to si\ hours a night \trttl.itt-.' 
We ucnl through eyery line and ttI‘illr‘Z
lion and established realistic bird:er
tcalistic iitcorttc lirtcs. there “its a 1
hard work. rrttd a few good lunch» I'
\\L‘I‘L' sortie complaints and a tin-v ‘
\totds by groups but tltc lirttlect r- .. ‘
pictc ol uork. .

'l ltc corttrtrittcc uas made up or .r |~
ol darttrr good people. highly .rrrrrr .'
and \cry patient (itcccssarr for am it i ‘
committee), I i

lgivc tlrctti all no support and oil It
the best of luck itr Iltc coirririe L’lL'tlirtt'
ulrateyci they do. i

»—.lot- liatttrr

 

Raising Hell

’l‘tr llte l-Itiitor:

r\ltttk “Mad Dog" (iricb is rrrttttrrry- '
fs'..-\. President on the “tuisc lrcli“ t".
iotrtt. ll'ottc trains to raisc lrcll. .ltllltllir
the metaphor. one must rrrakr lls.‘
ideas. or shall \rc ilt\I sar . good t‘lls‘ it
my tiiicb talk. one gets Iltc irrrprcs .
Ittrstt't lrgtri art idea in \cais ll.r-.rir~
liltil rrt rrttrori. i got rlrc rtrrprcs-roir tin

 

 

“as no more than a scltvirrrcrc-t. ‘
tirartrrrt. 1 ct rts csattrrric orrc rrrs'.rrr..

tltotrgliilcssircss til.ttit‘ rttarritcsi

\t a t olrttrial ()rratl torrrrt  li
rltdatcs ltt' ~.rtd lrc \trittld crtd .rpa'“
their i‘illiiiltti' to various slitt

 

r. .
tittiltt lir'. \siiii illil.‘rt.iti .rrr‘ i ..

 

.Illti r \\.rriiri't rrr ltls ii r- . ..r
irit.r ".tiiti l \\ irrrra 1. r 
\rirr. .tiri  .r:. ‘r r

.:;i.i"rt

is!" or: iii. .  .
rlrt~r |.tt.r~i no author .rm»
rrrrrriw th. ~trititrtrs to:  . ...r.rrrrr.: -
.rir.i srrclr .trt ment and b.-rrtc
other .rrc.rs llrc obvious priliiw
letters is to rtt.tkc the author tccl good .ii‘t‘i‘l
Itirrrsr-lt' for timing attended lititt cicttt
 in .wstlz  
.-» , ta  '-

  

ii-“s trimmer} ommmemra.

wt Aril‘n'lltiu t tutuw

          
 

 

 

 

 

Presidential .
Endorsement

Mike Corso

 

'l'itit coirtrrulloc narrowed its r irisr' lot pittsnlr-rtttrrl t'lttititst‘lttt'lil ltr
two i .tttdidatr's Moth Wr'ptiti and Mike (‘rnsrr 'l int Iit‘t i‘inIIl was
it it ('rrrsrr Not only din-st t‘rnsrr lltl\‘|' .itrtplr- tlltt‘t’ .uirl tlt'lt'llllllltlltt ill
but lrrI trisri has .r lu‘iliillU pittlrisrrpltv r ottr'r-ritrrtrr SA its will its iilt‘
rllllillU to \ irrrrtruttttt‘otr‘ wrtir llt'ltllit‘

With low r'sr't-pitiuts, birth irtttritrlirti-s t-slrrbtt stirrrlrri stands on
lllrllltl rsstir-s .iIrrrtii with .r ‘ulilhiittlltlU rttittlttitrlrttili‘ \srtlr stirrlrrtrt
titrvi'ttttni'iit ilritvi'ti'r \vr' tool that l‘rrtsii's tltllllllllllllt‘tll to those
issues and in 51\ iii tit'llt'lill is it tlt'illl't‘ irrttlror liltlll liltll rrl \k’vptrrt

(‘rrrsrr rirrrrritsr's to bo .t strrrtrrr ll’rttlt‘l ri r-lr-r tr-tl lie is tlrr'v lvlio rri
ptrrsrrtt who «art not be lllllltlltlrllt'ti illtti ho is not lli||\t' (in tho

  
  

ALB
sruoERiT
PRESS

issues he is surtl about. he is sure. Also. he appears to have it deeper
conviction for what he believes itt than Wt'pritt.

On issues he hasn‘t lully researched. we believe Corso possesses
the drive and the. stutttintt needed tit ltnd out all he must know. Cot-
so is a hard worker . more so than any oi the other candidates ll
elected. he promises "I Will work my rtss U“. 1 want to do it I‘m
psyched l‘rtt ready "

5A needs a hard wotltet it anything substantial is to be or-
ctintpllshcd tn the upcoming year Witlil’ ltr‘tlti work has not been
lacking iii the l’oltrgi- (llilllltllSlli‘Ilitlll. past leaders have pitt little ex
tra clirrtt into the position and wore saltsilcd with trtctely day to day
lttShS This has had a llt‘llllllt‘llltll cllcr‘t ort lilt‘ pcrliitntrirtcu iii SA
but we don't loresce this as it pirililerri if (from is elected

lSttIlr W|'|)lll| and (forso possess the ability to (lt‘i\‘t‘ rrtto tittitVltlllill
prttbli'nts lirtwr'vot. lirrtn litilttttit In the candidates It sr'r'trts tltril
Citrsri set-s things in ll rrurcir broader corttt'xl llc lll'ill'Vl‘N that
students ow Ittit ittst rtrttl oi tlrts ttrttvctstty bttt pint til lilt' world This
sot-tits a very realistic nppri tilt ii and may i‘t‘ valuable \t‘itt'll it comes.
titno to make ('Illt'lill tit't‘tsrittts

A subject lhrtl conic tttt r-ririy trt ttltl lttlt‘ls'it‘u' wtllt ('rit'srr wits lllt'
lint that lit' is blind (‘orso r titrvrrrr rid its iiltli liltitdrrr-ss will not harm
his ability lti lrattdlu tlrt- rtilli l‘ Apparently lri- has stir'ttt trrirc tlturkrrnr
about rltltl rust-inching his lilirlrtt/ to handle the oiluc lit' ritdrr't sot-
arty reason why his lrlrrriitti'ss would tttlt'tit‘lt' with his wrnlt rllltl.
rpriti- lrnultlv. llt'llllt't did we llt' lrns llt‘t‘ll rhurlrrrir with the llrllltilt rip
lot the past tttttt' wars and has ittttttiit'tl litrrrsr-ll well At iltit'lllit tlllV
('rrtsrr will llrl\'l‘ lttiltllod till his rrirttiit tllltl Illllltlt rr'iptrrrrtrtottls bc lllt'
0nd of this. his ltllilUl Ul'ill while u lttmtrtri .r .i (r riritrlr- irrirrrt
rltrt'rttgc. and ill' has br-r'tr Itt\‘ttl\‘t‘ti in .r itrrrrrl litllllllt'l rrl irstrrn til
i (‘rrrsri liris ittt ltrttrtt tilts ttltittll ltt'llltlltllliti and

ocular at'ttvii-s as we
s Willing to dist rrss ll‘ill‘t'lU .rrril rips-trio

(‘rtrstt altrtttitly bt-ih'vvs 5A slrrrtrlrl bo .t |l|lilllt til irrrtntrr/atrrrti and
um ciurltlrt't itttlt't‘ tllttlt' SUNYA ts t'lloi ted by dot rsriirrs iilrll illt'
l|lil(ll‘ by local. state tllltl il'tll'lili irrivr-rtitrtr'trts Ilrr-sr- irrisr-rrrritrr
birdies (lt'il'lllllltt‘ stit’lt Iittirrts its ittttltir't .rllriratrntrs rltltl l'lt'tlltill
titsttir'tittgi its well its ltnrtot lh‘rllt‘S strr it its rrrrr lr-ru ruins it stitrlvrrts
are gjriirut to lmvo iutv ltrrul i-l rrrrutl rritri llti' tpirtlttv oi lllt'll il\i'\ .rt
SUNYA. tittitt thcy irtrtst llt' itlt'llrttt'tl to tit-.tl \vrtlr litt'M’ littirlttt/tl
trrrrts ~

[\ttttttttt SUNY srlroois ("iirsri sr-r-s /\lii.rrrr, s positron ti- Illll in]
sort it this is tho only st lllllll irn'ntml rtr tint strtlr' . illiilili itt ilrr‘ past
SUNYA was known lrrr its r-llr-rtiyorri-ss rrr rlr'.rlrttri \srtli litr‘
ir-ipslritrttt'. lirtl that has changed in in U!” stuns illrtirl rd littt‘t' srrr
rr'sstvrI yours ril rruirrt lttlt' lulu-s rt si't‘lth iilill Ilttrti‘ ptrrssrrrr- rs
rror-drul While it is rtirlrlitrlv iilrli t‘rirso tn rtltt,Ii|ti' i'isr- tttlliti |t’\i\t'
Hi lNYA's r'ilr-r’ttvrrrtt'ss .it li'rrst his llirlllsiltii rs rtr litt' tltiitl rlrti-r llrttt

t‘rrrsu tltiillliit'tiil.‘ was .r illlit' \ittittt' rrrr llll‘ rprr-strrrtr -rl wir- tlrr'r
.trltrrr or v titrrtilts ttrrtst bt' lirrlrritr |‘ll ttt liltit'l lit rr-i t'|\ t‘ 'Nr\ trtttrlrrrrr
l'ltitt is \tltt’lltt'l lits‘ itlttiilltti Ill .irr .trrrr rrrrlar dump in i‘\rl|ir[tlt‘
sltrriild br- ll-llttlll't'ti With it |tlti ttItlts' rut-rip rrr r-r-irt ‘ r rrtlrir iii
lt‘t t'I\t‘ ltrrrdrtirt /\trritlrr-t trussrbrlrtt.‘ is that both tilitrl|
to ho tltlltllllit'tl tttlri .r surrrlc {irrirrti rrr'rrttiri r-rt ittlt .rurr |trr\\t'l rrr
Iiitlt‘l iii tt'tr'tvr' lttttrls ("rrtsrr riirI slit-rt .t lt‘llrll" -. trrrt.tt«l iltllrltlttt

\rlllitl ilrl\l"

llllllitlrllltt'ti .tdyrit'arv git-trips \vitcrr Irr- sirrrl 'rr rtttt Iii‘.tlilll] \tlllt

'sA 
SUppleme‘t

 
 

9 .

   
    

 
 
  

Anna.- 20. I198?

issues lli interest on this campus should be lundcd " He did ptnmlso
to look into Iltt! situation in detail if elected.

Curso realizes that the current question of restructuring the Oil
Campus Association (OCA) is a primary issue lor SA He raeogttlzw
that their- ore as many students living rill-campus as are living or
and sees that these students need equal rights in both iundirtit anti
ptogttttitirig litiwt'ver. Corsri is still not clear on what he w'rul i do
with ()CA He did mention the possibility of combining with tlw (t‘i
(.‘tiirtpus llortsittg Ollict'lOCl i0), and sees two major atlvorituiruz
itt this rrtcigrir litrst, (:0!st [eels that the twn nigrtntzatlrntils ilit\t‘
"‘1' some orrirls Further. he iI'ClS tlu- ittltttlttislmliiitt. \tltirh rrri'.~
()(‘ll(). has ample rcsrrurscs However he .iijrer-rl with us tltvt‘r
t'tittthntitui ()(TA wth the ntlltlllllﬁllrllltttl'tlt.r rirtrrirtrzrztirrt‘. riirrai
wr-rtlwrt (KIA We hope lilitl ii t’iL‘t'lt'ti (‘rirsn pots rari-luI tiri-itrilit
out: such a proposal lllt‘lt‘ .ippr-rits ill be serious pitthlt'lih

/\ i‘iitttruvctslrtl tirtt'strirtt Involving i)('/\ itii's ill’t'll Witt'litt’t Illl'
ttltlrllll/ttllttll should how it |)I(tlt'~'sititI-il or stttdr'ttt (llll’t'ltit ( Ul‘"
sacs ltt‘ is ptr'st'trtlc leaning toward it rrrr-ii'ssriirrtl tillt'll'ri W.

litt|w ti t-lt't It'tl ltt' dcr'ttlr-s tti trrrttrttrtrn tins prisr'rtrrrt ltr vlltk r aw i

scours ito has to put more Illlll' Illlti tr ll‘ql'll‘llllu lllt‘ itllllll‘ til ‘i."\
Arid lu' lsttows II

Some ideas that (Zorso has tliiuurrirlrlt. considered " and tlioso
llltll llt' rs trirrst ritttspoltr-tt itbrittt rrtsrrlvi' Central ("rrtttit'ii ti'i'i
Ilr' lot-ls "(‘irttttttl (Iirttnr'tl din'srrr tr-tttvsi-ril sturli'ttt Vlt‘u'ﬁ but it
slrintlti (‘t’rtttrtl (‘iurtutl tllt‘ltlltt'ls should be lobbied “l else they
should no not and not rrtprit ltliirrlt Council's weak Council should
ir'ptesrrrrt students [With " ('irrsrr sees an increase in use tti HAS — .
whom he sac-i .uo .issrgtrrrrri .rbririt ltlll stttdeitts r1 piece w and
ti'li'tr'tulrrrtrs as ways to llll‘lt'ti‘st‘ strrrir'nt tttprit He also lecis tt
slrrutld br- lltrtllliitllrlt.‘ liltli ittt'ttibr'rs sit ttt rttt Ottodlirtatil bearings
ril thou rosin-r try it cunsttrrt-tttts

t‘rirsn .ilsir lot-ls strotrrtlv tlllltlll riac rights on issue that has
lll‘t‘llllll‘ \i‘tt.‘ prnrtttttr'nt tilt r'titttptts llil-s sr'rrir-str'i With the Question
tttti ul llrt' lit ll'(' ostr'nstort (’I‘lilt‘l As r is ti and \siintrrtrs‘ rights were
irrann l‘u‘tllt‘N in tho i‘ltitt's .irrrl '7tt's (‘orso sot-s gay rights as the

rssrw oi the 'Mt's t‘rirsri br-lrr-ws «piss slrotrlrl not be discriminated

.rrtarrrst tttr tlrr-- r mounts and lr-ols lllttl ibir bill sslru lr wrrrtltl phase out

litt‘ lilllt l sir-tisrrrrr t'r'rrtrrr .rt ‘s'llNY/‘s sitirrrlri bc brought back
lsr-lrirr' lltt‘ lhirrr'rsrty ‘wr-tartr' \slrs'rr' it this ptmtrruslc (lt’il‘ﬂll‘tl

\k'r rir» lt‘t'i liti‘tr' .llt‘ illrrltii‘tlts \srtlr (‘rirsu's illllllltir‘ ti-ts‘ttrd lilt‘
(“it"iil‘tll oi \\ils'lill‘| HA should [hit its tiiiltt‘ workers rtirrrrinttrtt
\k'lriit' i‘rrtsri sacs ill' lit'its‘\t'~ r-vr-rs-lmdy Would he paid

wrtrtv
stir-iris lrlliu't Itttitiit'ti'ttl about whether 5A

trrirtrtrrrrrrr \\t|l]l' ltt'
wrrtlrr'rs tt': ll'kt’ it i’i

While on are tltrl satrsltt'rl rtrtli this new .ttrrl lot-I tlrat (‘rnsri is
crrriiio rirr stirrtr' tssrros or irrllc trrrrlrrrst' irrttr. lot the position iii 5/\
trrr'srrlr'itt No in ilt‘\ r- its r.rrr lit‘ l'iit't to r- ‘i'ltrirttglt lus t-xptrttcitt‘c Iii
sillils’ttl tilt\t'lltllti'ttl itt‘ has ir‘itlltt'tl \tltttt t lttttirwls [It on tlttrrrrtih trt
rrrrir-r tutti-t tlrrtrrrs tittlll’ (lo tint basis of our rrtti-ttrr'ws With hurt in-
ltt'ilt'\i‘ he has tlrr' [ti't‘iitltttilh‘ tri rtIltlttllltlt’ttl liltll iilltl\\'it‘(it_]|' We
llt‘ilt'\ \' t'u it r.rtr rir-.r| \trtlr rs~rrt-s riot it oh. rlliti lrrrttcstit' rtttti crirrlrl
lit' a \rtlttrtltlt‘ .hNt‘l to \.-\

 

Vice Presidential
Endorsement

Ann Marie LaPorta

      
       
        
              
     
        
            
        
     
        
         
     
    
       
     
      
    
    
      
     
   
    

Alliitttttiii ltt't tll\’ttl\‘t'tt|t'lt| ttr sttrrlr'ttt titt\t'ltttllt‘ttl lr.ts lItIi lit-r'tt
abundant Viti' President and President of Kiratt- ()rrari liiiartl
/\tttt Mittti' |..t i’rrrta st-r'rrrs to llii\‘t' .i rpnni rtt.ts|t rri HA and student
ﬂin‘t'llllltt'lll ill gtt'rtt'tai Filtr- din'srt'l is.rtrt tlrr‘ vrr r' ptr’stdorttral post-
tutrt ll) be merely one oi pttslrrrtri pain-r tlttr-ttrtli lllllt'tltlt titr'v bttl il
t'lt't'lt'ti writtltl itltr to be an "rtttttatrrr" its \\‘|'ll as .t rrirrtiiirtrttrit
Ni'vr'tthr'loss. slitI sci-s tittttirs tr-rrilsttr .tllv i.il l'rittri truth/vs iilt'
btirr-rtttctritrc rittttos trttrst r’r-rttr- irrst

Sittttlritiv. site has t| tr‘rritstts' viow oi lllt' rn'lrtttrrrtslttp sitt' tvrutlrl
llt|\’l' wrtit lllt' SA l’ti'stilr'irt

ltt tltrI t’\‘t'tli til ll dis-ripr'ottrr'ttt slrr' ttlllllllt'llit'tl "l rirttt't illtl' to
Create illl ridvr-ts-ttv ttttrtttc trrl SA) btrt i'tri trot Ullt‘ tit ti'ptt‘ss tttk‘
it's-hints liopr'ittiiv \vrI can llll‘t'l ill a llllti |Iiiiltl "

i.ll(t’\\'t!st’. l.tt Putin has t| tvrtlrstrr' vri-wrrl strtrirtrtt t||lrllll\.' hint has
plans for 1i|'t|llil|_l with HIV ptrrblotrtrt and admits 5A

no {[Iilllllltlﬁl'
in dual \vtth lltt' ptrrin-rrr sin‘ irrvrns a

"can only drt sit Ittttt'll "
btttidrttq program" which \K‘tlllltl \ run l'lllltlit' tilt gir'tttrirt ili'sit|tt't

aw
Lit i‘rrttrt would also like to unleash stttdt'rtt

sorts involved
rtwrttt'ttt'ss oi SA lllltlllﬂll sttt'lt rottr'tt'tr- proposals as rtll i'stt-ttdt'tl
iprrrip iarr illlll rtrrnip days in tlto.ii.tt

La i’trttrt Ls rtti B-ltrtttttr'r to the litirlrp'l tttrtlortgt ptiu'r-ss. tlll ossottttoi
part oi her job As President iii State Quail liorrtd. ‘sill' dealt \vrlh rl
lttltltlt'l ol Sillidltltl While this is loss. lililtl one tenth tlrt- btttltit'l shr-
woulrl bi- drurlitto tvltlt irt SA. it is a substantial amount oi tttrriu-v and
could help trrttorlrtvo Ircr Ills’ sonic rintlrtrcs' Ill l‘lltitli'llttgl

Lil l‘rttt-i'ii viosvs (til the political ltllt' oi SA are quite ri-lrcslrtrrg.
"I‘irlttn'nlly we should get involved." she stud and quit“ arr'trrirlely
alto believes "not taking fl stirrrcc Is taking a stance " .H'lu- spoke in
ithtll’ til SA support of the airtiaprirlltctd tally As lot lill' lit)l‘(‘ ex-
tension center on campus. l..r l’rrtltt t‘ttriitrterttt'd "i don't arrive with
tiltit‘lllllillilllult tn arty way llcel there should have lll'l'll a phase our
program."

We strongly support l.a l‘orrrt's stance on the hunting ol advocacy
groups. “i see nothing wrong] with it (tindus'tilttti it Interest is there."

she explained. Ltt l’otttr also lrivoted continued support oi SAtsU.

l'lowevvt. Ln l‘ortn does not [cut SA hits it mandate to deal with

 

, u<rr:4::.~‘e- v. . A.

 

a- mavtﬁsiﬁdﬂ:

prrirrrr .ri warm as tho rtrrrtrrr's it‘rltit’l'~ tor-l .llljtlrritlmlu * irc tilt. ttrir-t

til the r .uirlrriritr-s i.|\'ttl.\ r'strrrisno pirllrrrgr oi slrrrlr’itts rtt on ililt'llllll
tr: itlttl rrpttrrr rtrs r to issues She also st't’s r r on t-istilrrirts with students
rtt titlrlll coir-terms illltl the lirtt tttt I'htrrsrlriv nights as \t\l|ltlllil' or
put
Lrltowtsr' l.tr l’iittrt ir'cls that Central (‘rtttitrtl roprr'sctttrttaw.
sltrtttlti on back to lltt'lt crsttstittti'ttts llrr it'l'lll‘tlt‘k
love i .ttr rlrsrnrrr-t' titrtt l.tl I‘r irta's rdr'as irri trtpri‘ illt' t'rriiirttt'tttlitl‘lt-
illlll llt't’tit'tl “til .shr' drn's .st'i'trr .r llttit‘ tit-rrtr' tItl spin lili .rii. ilI'\|
those ideas can bc t‘ttttit'ti tllll 'i'ltctc .ttc Ito r'otu tolo plans in '.u
ollr'crtyr' rrtrd ttscltrl. a poll must be tarr'itrilt. t‘tltltlttt'lt‘ti. .rrrri
rtirlu'rrutrsh‘ Illlt‘ttltt‘lt’ti

l..r l‘nrra sci-iris to have a lot oi crrnirdcrrcc rri ltcr personal .rl-r! '\
to not people rttvolvod in SA, ttillltl past suctcss with the Strut Qua l
ltoard lit littitt tli her good o\cr.r|i let-l of student qowrrtittcut. ..c
have to .sit-tlt' llt'l vortlrrlctrcc l'rirtltt-r, she is \‘lllitlt'ilHN'ltt‘ about 'l .r
position and slro would put "l ltl pot. cut‘ min the vlre ptr'siricnr.‘

something that is necessary litr an i'lii'ctrvv student .tsovrrrtiort

l)-'s|ttlt' ill'l t‘ultt‘i'ttt wttlt the opinions ol students. there is one
siqrultr'artt St'iitttt‘ttl oi the population llt-tl Ln l‘orto net-tis- to c»
illlltllt‘ more closon »- oil-rumpus students The possibility; rit till-
5 its an example While she

 

r.

cattiprts students povtrigr bus into.
tools students slit ittldtt't have to pay lot buses she admits she hasn't

really thought tliv issui- out Hot approach to the .stttti‘ttttc oi OCA is

.srrmlar in Porn l(‘/\ is essential to this rumpus bttt admits sht-

doesn‘t now the issue. SUNYA has at least 9.000 olictrmpits
students. all of whom should be represented by SA. While lat
l‘orta's ittt'lt oi litrniliatality‘ with oil-campus issues may.r rcllcct her

past cspcrierrce  which has mainly been on campus — it does not
ttccvssottlyt rtrcittt site is apathetic toward this sigtilllrarit groups nl
students. We trope tl elected she will attempt to familiarize herself
with thesg ilttputlr‘lltl Issues.

Ann Marie Lat’orta has it realistic view ol the vice presidency.
This is reﬂected try her political views ol SA and based on her ex-
purtcnces lrt dealing with students. We ieel that the it not only the
best oi the two candidates lot this olltce. but is a solid candidate
regardless ol the competition.

 

  

