   
  

r

l
i i
l
l
l

I.
P

91

 

ccyntulold,

 

    

 

    
   
   

 

rivtted to address you concern-

ing “God”. I sense the danger

of entering upon ancient bat-
tlefields where remnants of defeated
legions await all intruders. for still these
wars are fought. scripted out of human
pretense. of languages grown heavy
with the will-to-doniinate. atrd or-
namented wrtlr unthinking thought

Dr. Robert Garvin

The dangers are not iiriagirred We
humans have long created and
destroyed gods and goddesses (who
sometimes pass under other tiattres in
our time) accorditig to our fears and our
desires. Arid lest we seek our rest
among those who count themselves
among the godless (Are there any
such?). let us be wary of those who
need their negations, as others need
their affirmations. for we have our
modern reasons for noting that the
human ego cati have large investments
in the death of God.

We will have our version of reality.
and on stormy days when the winds
come and we feel those unsuspected
cracks. we. too. may comfort ourselves
that if it is not true. it is. at least. otrrs.
And versions of reality are always being
liued. Here there is only the frightening
equality. and all would-be observers.
who would stand away from every ver-
sion that all might be ‘placed' under
i judicial review, are but players, too.

Our versions. which is to say. we
ourselves. are ever fragile, as are all
I things human. And these ever fragile
selves. communities. philosophies.
cultures. tempt us to vest ourselves
most deeply in versions we need to be
true enough to make plausible our con-
cealments and neglect of what we do
not want to face (How flattering, to
assume. that one wants to face truths, to
say nothing of Truthl).

Thus. like the biblical prophet
Jeremiah. we learn, early in the
Journey. “Trust in no man." (or

 

/

 (god) 7,. A being of superna/ural powers or at

woman). including ourselves. And of
late many have learned. or so they have
said. that all of us will at unconscious
levels what we Would have realin be.
especially the reality of our human
ways. So Fredericli Nietzsche. And if
sortie of his insights are sure. what is
most deeply "trioderri" in us is out
readiness to resolve questions of truth
and reality into questions of need and of
will.

Hence. we may well surtirise. the
primordial arid archaic awakening to
radical mystery. the opening in and out
upon that which does not yield to
liurrrari rirarripulatiorrs. to corrtairrrirent
within philosophical systems. to reduc-
tions of human iniage-riialtirrg. which
cannot be domesticated by fragile egos
running before the terrors and horrors
of life. is displaced or simply converted
into the lesser questions of what you
will. or desire. or believe, Thus. the
labels "tlieist" or "atheist" long ago
became equated. and so regularly cortie
to quite the same thing.

Our nineteenth century forebears
(like L. Feurerbach and K. Marx) would
have it that all the gods and goddessess
are but projections of uriuwned and
unrecognized potericies carried by the
human species, This is a profoundly
searching. if simplistic. proposal. which
begs more questions than it answers.
But today, after lflf).fl(lf).fl(l0 humans
caused human deaths (we ignore —- iii
the typically species—flattering way --
animal deaths) in the gloriously
liberated. progressive. revolutionary.
secular twentieth century. we are free to
amend their version by adding: and
secularism has its roots iti the human
ego's tendancy to legitimize itself
through endless rituals of self-
enthroriement (each ego a King or
Queen!) and group enthronement (we
belong to the true elite). And these
legitimizations 0f ‘masteririg'. of
dominating, of manipulating (Have you
noticed the public rhetoric in both
socialist and capitalist cultures is full of
the. ‘master‘ metaphor? Are there any

 

,_


'niasterirrgs' of nmmu  arr nature?

And if so. is tlr- rr  .riitiﬁt evidence
it is to be (lllﬁlli i w happy con
sequences of  - > . -. t is really
going on. r/\lvi ' v  3 would lie
'niasters' (of Iii“ r ' :‘ Tran nature
or human lrtstr r r ‘ ﬁftiiadtw for
.faiiiasiesofutoi ' jlllflllll’illl‘
tor) Costly rrrori. \thrr‘lt l|l(r'
Watts. await-V it» Q

And the hurrra this With
all the \surstelarw ‘ )ilt'rrr ilirll(*
log. and \kr' l " ‘ rivrsofAAlI
'l'lratrls. has i ora. ii .ilriloii. have
heroine. with in . w.‘  the ones-

tiotied 
And the human crligma
grows. . . with all the
wastelands of our modern
making, and we, The
Questioners—OfrAll'Tftat-Is,
have become, with no

exceptions, the questioned_

And in these lri'ii‘l il‘WS. when
illlglilltlrtli‘n rrlfliill even the

apocalyptic
when desolation

youngest among II» I I
feeds upon itself in this most ctvrlized of
all human centuries. we flit?“ [he hardest
task of all: to assent to a questioning, 10
‘come under guestrorr'. iii the totality of
our humanity. in such a fashion that we
do not pretend we at“ I“ “’"lTOI of the
questioning (the ego‘. lrhl defense), bm
only responsible lot will lill'lldn condi.
tion. Yes. even the 'l‘ riiitl ll“! “WE”,
whenever said. tornrv under question
(and so. liuddlrrsrrr has lvUCUme an
essential ingredient iii the pietuss of our
historical (lllUSlittitlIIH “Mons of

 

 

spirituality that do not rest naively in the
modern ego's ligitinrizatioris of itself).
Divested of the illusions of many of our
nineteenth century forebears who had.
with Nietszclie. only to wipe away the
horizon to create a new humanity. we
must walk nrore lightly. training
ourselves to listen to the nuances of our
days. arid partirirlatly to the Ways to
which we rotistiui’t our worlds (alleging
to ‘put the pier t-s togr'tlrer'l. seeking to
surpass their deadly srrrallrress. as they
contract upon our iurlrorrr rims

lt is the weight of coming under trues
tiorr that drives its bank irporr the
mystery. the ()therrress we (rttttiUl
tolerate as long as we remain rrrer‘ely
egocentric. and merely etlrrro arid-
speciesrcerrtric. the Mystery so faciler
denied. repressed. and devalued by
those who have led US into our irioder'rr
utopias (whether socialist or capitalist).
who have constructed a civilization of
mirrors that conceals front as aspects of
reality we do not like. or have not will-
ed.

There. is an ‘otlrerrress'~-iri plants.
animals. stars. the night sky. rtr
snowflakes arid llitrralayari heights. in
other cultures and languages. but also iri
us and in our friends. and above all in
the sheer iriconrprelrerisiblt' is tress of
what we so mistakenly have called ‘our
uriiverse'--tliat has been expuriged from
reality (civilization) (in the name and
power of human domination. of a
human (?) mastery of Earth) that must
be recognized as the essential comple—
merit of every self-knowledge worth
seeking. For it is in encountering
otherness that we are led to discover the
ericoriipassirig unity within which corti-
passiori can bring forth. in loving riur-
turance. the awesome glory and
greatness of our human presence within
this unbounded Mystery.

There have been those. seemingly in
countless numbers. who cannot tolerate
otherness (arid Otherness). They have
always opted for the small circle (the
Americans. the white. the Chinese. the
Aryans. et.al.). We have had enough of

 

 

=cunl‘eﬂbld 1|

 

9“ 'iOO @dOm'ﬂO)

NCO-I

 

        

circles. of deadly contractions that
release their flutes upon the world
Cotnpasstori that is to be trusted, rttisr's
\vlreti’ otherness appears r\tid as was
“ml liili‘i list” (and lived). and with rprirrt
rlartty. only r orrrpassron is 1)..» way (1,,”
trirttus all otherness and llit'ti' .no no
i.'.\r‘i‘|)ttrrtrs |ttI_ [Iril our“ 1"“!

I’rut to .rr'ltrroxislr'rlgr- the path rrf r rr|||
passion. however named. r». to
.ltliliii\‘.lr‘tl'(|‘ we do not. finally. 'rorr
short‘ the world. lilil rather \U‘ are
rlrallerrirr'rl to frrrd the Way Iiilli its
fullness to llitrl our plat i‘ \vitlr. for. and
amidst the .r-.totit~.lrrrrg otherness of all
that is It is not to assert that we (or l) are
ll‘: center. but rather that we belong fril
ly. essentially. \i‘itlrni Its unbounded
mystery. that out pti‘sr'trr't' here.
hallowed by a venturing r‘rttttprtsshitt.
does not Impose a unity on sortie
suspected whole. but must earn that arr
cess to the fullness of a grace long ago.
arid always to lie rediscovered.

hot living wrtli. tatlrer tliati In denial
of. the Mystery, we do not. in daily
pr'estrrrrptrotr. 'add' the rrrystery up, in
philosophies or pseudrrsr'ienr‘es. lrut
learn the release that tomes fr‘oni
laughter. ptt//lr's. enigurrrs. ironies. and
love. that shatter all our pretenses to
have grasped by itrteller't or' wtll. the
Mystery that stays oirr days

For even the animals attest. when
befriended by a lrrrrrrarr trior'e lrutrrarily
presenting. how awesome, how err-
('harrtirrg. how delightful. (this so fragile.
so precious. so tender) this... human
touch.

Love the Mystery more. without
fear... arid ask not: How much of the
wealth of Being you may have (already
you are that wealth). but listen till you
hear tlte music that we are. the richness
that you. and other humans. and
countless uorilrurrians are sharing. and
track it to that fulriess that lies well
beyond all clutching and grasping...

.. For it is There that all our most
celebratiorial of human celebrations
have their origin... and their

fulfillrirerit. l l

 
 
   

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.M=»~« .

