 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

“Straight '
people lumpy
bi’s into gays
. , . gays call
bi’s
cop-outs.”

“ I hurts itot‘.beittg able to tell toy
I parents i am ltt love." reports Atmn.
"I can't even sit and talk about what
makes me happy." Attnu has not told her
parents that she. has had female lovcts.
“l I‘LIISlflUt myself bisexual." she said. "it's
diffit tilt taking this position because sttaigltt
pt't-plt‘ ltitttp bl's lIIlIt gays and gays call his
:opwttls."
Anna is it junior. lliVIIth‘ll itr campus itt‘-
tivitlus. Hire holds a job as Wt'll. "With my
in b. it's been difficult coming up with excuses
why I couldn't with certain tu iris lit't'nttst' I
had t« g- t:. GALA titeutittgs. if my
suitetnales had .my Idea l was bi. llIt'II tl
wtuld cause a ritual am: 'Ittil I ftensiun itt llll'
suite n

Alllltl ltits ittst It't'L'IIllV started going I: the
(lay and Lesbian Alliance. “lt's relaxing."
she feels “I usually have to put on n facade
in in iii if t'\'t‘l\)t tie else. There. l have
in uttd a little more security: now. there an-
people I ran call."

_I\ . in first lL'illlM'tl lter homosexuality lWll
summers agl . August 17. It br- exact when
she and a female found \VI‘II' li. " at gt.n
pr ttIl by a cat lltll'l They became closet
fliL‘tttls n» .t tt-sttlt So when Anita and her
friend were getting sir-tied one night. Anna
started (liﬁt‘ttsstlltt ltt't st'lf-t'stet'ttt [llltlill'r.n.

 

her friend “wanted it sit: vw tttc l was Vlt‘llll
~-v itietlrintt. and it ll'tl to our affair At this
pr lid. in WUVt‘t. ldcn't haven lover."
There is “it: way" Anna is going to It'll ltt'l
"l II‘IIIt' fit tti r‘t wllile (:lll'lSllllll
they wouldn't handle it

patt't‘ts
Hl'lnilillt'tlll glit'llt .
t- - \vcll " slu- IL'ullllt‘S

— Beth Brlnscr

“You’re
constantly
fighting
against your
own fears,
and others’
ignorance.”

it May. senior Laurie will probably

move In wttlt her 24-year—old lovct.

who also lives iii Albany. They will
exchange Identical silver rings lit a personal
ceremony symbolizing the comntitmettt they
will make to each other. Laurie is Jewish:
her lover is lrislt Catholic. But that ls trot why
they will not legally wed. Laurie's lover Is a
woman.

Laurie. age 21. is a petite woman witlt
short. dark blond hair. She ls a political
science major and journalism mirror who
would like to become involved In public
education work. Sitting In the Rat. dressed
casually in grey corduroy leans and a gray
sweater. she talked openly about her life as a
lesbian between sips of apple cider.

Until two years ago Laurie did not refer to
herself as gay. although she “had a lot of
thoughts about women" even_ before wlte

 

It‘tttishlt‘illltl ltctself gar;

entered high school. She had relationships

with men‘ until that time, some of which she
called botlt "physically and emotionally sails-
fytng."‘Yet. Laurie remembers that as a
freshman when friends discussed homosex-
uality. she'd Iltlttk "i would be Iitto ex-
pertmenttng."

When Laurie moved off-campus In Iver
sophomore year she began to think even
more about turntrtg gay. Her three
housemates were all heterosexual and had
boyfriends. Laurie. too. had a boyfriend at
the time. But she confided her thoughts
about women to one of her housemates
“because she had a lot of friends who were
say."

That summer this friend introduced Laurie
to some of her gay friends and took bet Into
several gay bars. This association with gay
people alleviated some of Laurie‘s fears
about coming out. She (lid till sec tnatty
demonstrations of direct tlistrriittittitttritu “No

 

~ tie was luottttut It will IIII rust calling

them nttuit's "

lti St'plt-itibt't if lll'l llItIIII yeai Laurie
litr-kt' tip \vtllt ltt'l b- yftir'url 'l'w- ttitrttllts
latet sht- expettettced ltt‘l lit'sl sexual It'ltl‘
iiotrsltip Willi a woman The tr-lath ttsltip did
tltil l-Isl It tig. lull sltr ttly afterwards site
lit'gt‘ttt seeing the w: man sire is still lIIVt 'l\'t'tl
witll ItrtldV

l.atttle t‘rlltltl t ptnp: iitt when she s‘tattt'd
Mv wt pct pie. she
said. lt-r-k ttpr-ti lltt' [it‘lb tl m which they
decide that they are gay as a "gray tlll'tl " l5 'I
bet. viecitltttg llllll she tum it lesbttiti was bats-
ed on but feelings rllh-llf lu'tself. ft'cltugs s‘lre
tillth'tl .tl lief: -tt- ltt‘t fit-d physit .tl experience
wlflt .tnt 'lltt‘i woman

Itt fact. l..ttme tt-kt-d. belt te her first
ltnttiost-xttal telattr-itslttp \llt' lllt ttgltt she‘d
be dimmed It .i llft‘ of t't’lll‘rltU Site lotd
rltlcitletltr date wt 'IIIt'tI yet site - ttly met “a
lit of threatening w--ittett \‘t'l\.‘ tttttt‘li lltlt ltt'
lug lesbians and being feminists ldt tt't want
to change uty Wltt'lt' attitude .tltt tit life "

But does ct-ttttttg I'lll mean a change In
lifcslvle‘.J Nr- ~ and yes. said Latttit- S x»
unlin is ItI'l the “lily ftK‘lt‘I itt any putsu-tt's
life. Laurie pointed out. lit-wct'ct. site is
always t'cittittded --f the c: 'ttttast between her
sexual preference and social tit-tins "There
is rut nmc' snpp- tt lI'I ltetet- M'letllﬂ' tn
society" l'wt example. l‘t‘ltiltlt‘lt'ltils coir
stittttly |11~IIIIIU titattiagt- and having children
as the cr-ticct values to uphold.

Alsi'. a gay couple cannu-t bclntt'c the
same way itt public as .t lictet. asexual ct -ttp|e,
Laurie once saw a heterosexual c: -uplc iii a
batik with "their hands till |'\'L'I each other
That. she said. is cr-ttsidett'd only "mildly
distasteful, But If I lit-ltl my lr-t'et's‘ hand.
that's Considered flntuttittg it." she said.

While walking ltaud iii‘hattd with her lover
Iii Pi‘ovittcctowti. art “It!” Cutttpos‘cd mostly
of families and gays“. Laurie saw a fatltet
steer his sr in an Ittlltl them. as if he was trying
"not to catch the disease." she said. "You're
constantly. Iii every sector of your life.
flglttittg against your own fears and other
people's Ignorance."

Yet. Laurie ls open about her lifcstvle.
Soon after site began seeing her current
lover she told each of her ltousetttates

. separately about titerelatiinisittp, Ali‘oftltettt . they Witt-)1? a}... scum” "mu

ltad guessed previously. and accepted her

  

Six Lives

choice. The three housemates and their
boyfriends. Laurie and lter lover often spent
evenings out together.

Laurie told all the women she lives with
this year llliil she Is it lesbian before they
moved in together. Although they were ac-
cepting oit the surface. Laurie said. "they are
still Working out their feelings about it." One
housemate saw Laurie and her lover stretch-
ed out on Laurie's bed reading a magazine
together. The housemate asked Laurie to

' close her bedroom door. And the
housemates have not told their parents that
they are living WlllI tt lesbian.

Other blends Laurie knew before site
came out have remained friends. Once
Laurie said she and her lover wute the only
gay couple at it party. Nevertheless. they
decided tr.- dance to a slow song together. As
the song ended they I: liked up to find the
rest of llil‘ dancers patted ill in couples of
the saute sex. slowly dancing and talking
together Laurie said' sln' was amused and
pleased at lI('I friends. It'rit’ll' its. and that
they sltotvutl they wore llylttti I: lit‘ accep
Iittg '

l‘lt't faintly. sht' siiidwls lt'ss ct tltfr itttlilt‘
Wlfll lret lifestt/li . Last Valenttttri's l)in "I lttttl

gone Wlflt tiiy lover rtlltl tint-c tlltf'l ‘fgttvl
couples out to dinnct." l.4lllll|' related 'l'in-

next day site it id but III' llll'l til the
telephone that she spent the owning with a
friend she talked til I llt‘il l.iuttie's Iltt tliet
later called intclt asking Iresilitntly tf lI('I
daughter writ. r utttutit‘ally iittn lved with this
friend Her utotltet up: III heating the truth.
"sch-{titted and yelled and cried. talked
itlit ut me being .tl-tn ttnttl." l lt'l III' tItct stig-
gestutl that Laurie we a (ll ctr i. and blunted
the ct liege lllltit spitete fit tttttting her
daughter ltth a lesbian. "My father refused
tt- talk it. me f .i nbout twt Int titlts. And in r
a while I could It' i gt In me with: ut being
verbally abused by lIL‘I patents and her In vet
has tIL'VL'I visited loft ll' me.

Nt-w. .tltlu ttgl- she lots Ii'l t: tally ac-
cepted lnii dattgltlt'i's lo tilt sexuality.
Laurie's tn: lltet wtll talk ab: tit If t: a p- mt
When she begins t-_ ft’el llItt" IIIf' ttublt' with
the t: ‘pic. l..ttttiti said. ltl'i m: lltt’l will say. "I
think I‘m 51- mg I: get abttsitt' Ill w s: let's
change the stibtt't'l " Ltituie's
tehtsr's it talk about it

fatlnit still

llt’t' lwt brothers f- tttid t nt tlnit l.ttitttL' is
gay while her in: titer was sct't-aitiitig itit- lllt'
pltt Ill' -t ycat agt

2t).

llet tltlL'I litt tltet. age
will fill discuss llIL' issue Hct v- ringer
‘1. ""_"? V ~h ;

    

   

l‘eis‘ottul lit-st (1982)

 

 

bit-thct. age M. wit: she h'elst'l‘ set I- .was
mt rc tutdL-t‘stattdittg. lh' t--ld his sister “l
was't‘ifntid U: ‘II in ttld be rlitfu-tcttt. but L't u‘i'e
IIt'I. I

And Lauric tiles tt- makc tlllt't pet plc
understand this Although she lN'llt'\L'$ that
"lesbians and gay men det'clr p ltittd if t
body language" that tllll thet gat- new It C'I‘
usually recr-gni/c. Si'ttIL'I ttc wit: is lit t IIILl
cattitu-t pit'lt i'lil one win is. She said Slit
people base lllthUtlIt'llls' «‘n
stereotypes. l '

Laurie explains this and
questions itt psychology .tttd htuitaii sew tli-
ty classes at SUNYA. The most Crl-Ililtft-
questions she said students ask are "I'll-ill
could you do it." and "is it just like a re til ‘
relationship." Lillli‘lt.‘ answers ft‘attklt? f
of) Intercourse. . .tltt-y d.  in)":

lllk'll

answers t tltct

  

vc.

how mastﬁrbation' can become part or 59).,
uallty."

And her relationship with but low,‘
Laurie said. can be compared 1.. ,,
heterosexual relationship. Hets is ..
monogamous one that “looks like it's grimg
to be around at least a few more years " [t‘y
easier though. site said. for a lesbian to
develop a lasting Involvement than for it gay
male because “male homosexual coir“...
doesn't encourage men to be m open it
emotional or dependent on one pew n “
This Is true. she added. fot lll,’ll’l|i\t'-.Ii.|l
men. but.

Her relationship. on the other hand Is in...
front tltose attitudes. said Laurie. "It's .t not
ly ftiii relationship." Neither of them. as
many people believe of lesbian ('i:ll[tlt‘s
plays the man's role in daily lift‘. "What dug.
good at she does. what I'm good at. I if.

When site graduates tit May. l_r|llttt‘ will be
sending out two resumes — one ltsttnti tit-r
involvement with the Gay and [,o-tunn
Alliance. the other not. Despite lll|‘~ l.vttlltt'
says. "i don't want a lob where I (It n't hell
can come out eventually . .Wltt.‘ xln nlti
people think l'ni a single \Vlrlttrttt III the: llltt
when I'm not?"

—Beth Sexer

“People say
it’s not
natural - to
me it is the
most natural
thing.”

be first tltiitg you notice ab: in ‘w tilt
is his clothes: Sam t~ \
g .nshionablc.

Attired fit it lilllltslirlltrivtt oxfr rd stint nun.
a ktiit tie. Sam readily and Uilﬁllt.‘ i.rit:.~l
about his life as a gay.

“I've always been attracted ll gttlb " ‘c
explained. “When I was yt-ungct my lllt mi
talked about girls. l was IIL‘VUI intuit-stud Mt
first sexual eticruulet ti‘t‘lll'lt‘tl when i v. I~
twelve. it was very lr only through. Ill two
school."

Sam is not happy .th til it: I being .rlvl-
speak freely of his It: in- sexuality In tart
requested his name III t be used it I ft‘rll '
physical harm. He hates hidtng if “It nml.
me anng ~- ltt'l being an eptt-tl "

Sam finally “came t tit" last \Itlltllll‘
because he "couldn't take it any ltti It .
hiding." fit his ltllttvl Ut‘ttt Stun inni-
“tough livittg on citntptts and betntt .tt l-‘t‘
settti-opuu. Things hacn changed w nth it
between Sam and his straight I4 : mnm'.
since Sam tt-ld ltittt ltt’ “as gnu. but in \‘ t‘n‘
discuss their Individual affatts

"When I told my IlII tliet. slit' not». \t‘lt
surprised. I gave lIt'I' a bi oh by vi: lilt licitl
called Best Lit/Io Boy in the Wot/d. whit t. n
a story abt-ttt a guy's life It helped fu'l
understand my Sllllilllt tt." he explained "At
first it was hard ft-r lIL‘I. she thv tight ll \\.twt
stage l was gt ing thr- ugh But she saw l \\'-I‘
happy and III'W she's very supp: if|\t’ Mt
parents have even met a few t t nn
l" 'vft'leuds."

Sattt asserts be is' tust ltlte t.'\‘L'IUI Ilt' cl~t
He likes any music except ct ttttttc .ttttl
rli. : lic ettit ‘ys‘ reading plays by l'ctun‘w'i'
Williams. liugeite O‘Neill and (low \"Itlull
Sam “is art ucc- tinting mat: I and IItIt'IItb It
be \'ety successful and ticlt "

Sam is“ttyttrg t- ct-nttncu pt't plc It It IIIi'
r-ut. By sheet titnnbets it w: ttld he tltt It' at
t'cptcd because thcie arc IItI IL' tilt rind than
put-pic expect." Stun wants pct Div II {I'W
gays more ctedit c‘ie tit-l lUsI .Iflt'l wt
we have taste. We're III I going it in. lc~t lIl
tle children."

Sam just saw the new llit \tr'. Maintit
LUI't‘. which c-vucei‘tt's lit m. M'Mtttllit. llt‘
thought "It was sr-i‘t of sad II heat a w- ttttlll
gasp when by: Itit.'II wcte. kissing III a Ital
scene. “'5 love. They are happy and III -I In"
tltig anyone. People say It's ltt'l natural ti

 

 

~rltty.lt is the utpst natural thing."

'- Beth Brlnlel‘

\

  

 

 

 

 

February 23. I 982/page Ba

 

 

 

“Lesbianism
is an
evolution of
my .
awareness.”

he biggest farce." Lisa. a one-time

SUNYA student. tells me. “is that

Society is living to tell us we've
come a lottg way. baby."-

Nonetlteless. Llstt can't imagine why any
\vottiatt Wouldn't want it» be a lesbian
“There is a certain energy". she insists. l‘tltat
can only exist between Wtintuit-identified
\vontau." She feels a noble tespottsibility is
bettettttu the human Cltlllllllt‘ll bttt it'nli/t-s
she cunn- t (reatt- ati Ideal World.

ll(‘t ideal wv Iltl centers at: lItttl ft‘ttlltllslll
[\sstrttitig that men ate datigctt us. site i».
:titgiy tlott men to \rr'tittitettt.
sclnwls. the media. and m: st tittpottaitlly.

c: Itllll

women It's "not all men. bttt always men."
She t‘tiltllttlit's "Men ate the taptsls the op
ples‘snth. the \Ilctittttzcts,"

And paradoxically. heterosexual WI'IIIL’II
seem II: he thtcatt-m-d by Lisa's ideal WITH.
“1’! opinion is that tintil women start it A‘N‘
tllltllit’ It 1 ts t f t.pptesslt ti existing itt
language. (heats. tclatit ttslttps. etc.. thlllt'li
will tetnaiti victims if the system they are
new taught it b: w befote

Lisa‘s enhance into lesbiatiisitt was an
“cw luttott r I bet awatettcss." Realizing

cfot'e there was Bruit-shear!
h’ettt’situd (the ltflt'K‘lsIt n version).
before there was ftfrtktiiti I.otn- ot
BE‘III or Personal Iii-st. llll‘lt' was 'l'ltc Hoyt.
itt the “and It was one of the fitsl lllt't't'~ of
theatre dealing with lIHIIItist'XIIiIlllU to etttct
mainstream culture atid gain success

However. that was lit l‘lttb'. before the
Stonewall tints and gay activism and Anita
Biyﬂttl. The success of lines III llll’ Iiuitrf.
wltllc etiiltleittattt‘ of the t’tllliltt"s tilt iWIIIft acr
ceptattcc t-l guy's existt-ittt- may III latgc
part. have been dv It : lltt‘ fact that tltt- lllt'lI iii
the play ate depicted itt It with cr nt‘ettttottal
way Nt-w. 14 ycats after it illilit'ttlt’tl off-
litmtdwtty. the play is lietttg |1It"~t'|tlt’(l tin
campus and lllt’ time l-tpst.‘ tatscd ccttattt
guesttt ins ttrllltL'ly. is the plnv still Il'll'VtilIl.
oi ltrts it dated to prrlttl if being a wt~ttltle~s
artifact?

ironically. the play's ltcmosexuality had
nothing to dr- witlt its being chosen. .t(‘l'til'
ding tt- Directut l’t'lL’t' Bennett Originally.
Dave Rabe's Streamers wits to be perform-
cd. but due to casting difficulties ll had to be
dropped Having auditioned only men. Bett-
ttett was forced by scheduling pr: blunts tr.-
cltoose a play with an allrmale rust "Aftct
much deliberation." be said iii an interview
Tuesday. “we chose Boys tn the Band
because Its a good play that has been
neglected." It also had a ready tirade cast.

Almost itttttiediatcly aftet choosing the
play Bennett realized that he would have to
make 5' me sort of political cutttniittitetit to it
"That night we went ot a guy but and asked
people what they thought of the play arid if

still a place lt‘I it
tituttuget if he could endorse it enough to let
us put up a poster and he said yes

that the play was "not relevant" to the cur
rent guy cottttttuntty.

He elaborated by saying It was "a piece o
history that represents pie-tn IVL‘ltiult

 
         

 

they would see it. Mr-s't said that there was
WL' even asked the

Nonetheless. those who Bennett spoke
with only represent one side of lllt.‘ issue. lit a
phone interview Wednesday. Arthur Bell.
columnist for the Village Voice. said flatly

society was unfair and that she wasn't tit cott-
trol of her sexuality. site confronted lter
tendency to bisexuality. And now. Iit her
early twenties. a growing sensitivity to the
ttttturittg. supporth energies of a lesbian
consciousness has cvitlved. and she has
Ctllitt.‘ to grasp what she feels now “was
always Inside." It was a painful snuggle. but
she feels a growing Independence and a
powerful love of herself and \votttcu.

    

 

 

' 5‘ .

Bt‘irft'sftt'rit'f ft’t't'is'tt't‘l (I‘L‘iifl

But It is still a losing battle lir'sitlvs the
mask \llt' tttll‘d Win" to fit int n l but In w .tnd
tilt is! t f a: ctety. ‘vllt' is sllll \'|t'ltt|ti/t‘ll /\ lctt
wet-ks ag- . wlule walking out v I .t wt men‘s
but. Lisa tltt ‘llgltl slu' saw lltlt‘l' y- ttutt
\N‘I‘lllt‘lt being ltatassetl lid it: lll t'lllt'll Wat
clung “Hill the I'lfit't'irv lcf . | i~a tI])]itI .tclnul
the wt Illt'll and asked if ‘ltt'ti Wt'lt' all light
lllt'

The w -tt‘.cit teplted yes and suit
policemen tr'utatnetl lI‘tttit‘t than Ilt'tr's-ullk‘
because they felt Lisa was it “le/ltc" and
fl ‘llltl be dangerous liesirles llit' aitgr't. Lisa
felt saddened She feels w: tttt-it lune with)
n: lllt‘l- :' itittl ti and tuttll tin-v It'tllllt' tins.
\votttett \vtll (t Itlltrttt‘ tr be \tit'tirtts :l a
dangerous society

'— Debbie Mlllman

“I‘don’t
consider
myself gay or
straight . .‘ . I
am able to
pass in both
worlds.”

‘ '\'c IIL’VUI' us'cd gender as .t ciitciiott

 

fI'I picking |1r|l|llt't'.. Dianne cxv
plains She hillis‘ openly. lct't prop

pctl tip I'll the desk. t-licirvttslv coutfottttble
witlt her bisexual lifestyle

Dianne. a graduate student itt lIt‘I catly
twenties. says «he fltsl fcll ulttactt-vti l- watd
w- -nn'n when she was ab: -ttt eight Vt'rtt“ n -ld.
.tltlu ugh sltr' dttltt't twill/c societal dtsap
pit-tal ttttttl .t ft-tt cents later "lu ltttIlt
st in :-l. I had t'tttsltt's t n r ltr-ctlcatlt'ts while
it: iii-t ttll \Hlli tttltls " sltt' tt'flctts "litil I
didn't tlv tllII.‘llIIIIII .ilit III II fllt'l .ttttatttn It I:
wt 'IItI'Iil lllllil l was twenty I keep
\iat illattttg "

l)i.itutt' lott- rttll.‘ "tt IIIt' rtit" I- it felt
lttt'tnls. c: \w tlu-ts (sire W-‘Ili‘v lwt lltt'
llttiteisitu) tItItl net IIII‘llIt‘I "win lt'rllll'
Ill testt't titic litglrt it- w llmtc .t malt- l: \‘t‘l
wlu lair \cs littt tlt can‘t .t-.|-. till“ it uh: til it l
d: -tt't l: » ltttr Illltl wttln lltt'i IIIl'Ii : -t in men
l'ttt basit .tllt,’ IIII Itt‘Il-IIII' its " ‘

lit to. she h't'l t'ttttgtltl l‘t‘th'I‘It llIt‘ "gar
wt-tltl" tllitl the "sitaittltt w-‘tltl'l .md .tt

ct'ptctl bu tn-ttln't'J

‘ l «I. n't n itsrrlr-t IIiU‘rt'll gay I‘I
tllll .tltlc I: ‘pass‘ ttt in th Wotlds

Slldlllltl

The Boys Reconsideer

 

 

 

! .y. .
f’ett't' Bennett directs Mrtt‘

 

 

 

Iy 'I‘Itr'tttt'e's 'I'trt' lit-vs iii the 'ntlltl . .r ..

thoughts about our lifestyle. But it is less lItlt'
today than it was iii l‘)liH when II was fitst
pt-rftst'mL-d "

Bennett also seer. HIV 1/! ycitt time till
feicttce its a slight ptoblettt. lle cut a lengthy
speech iii the first act in which Michael. the
protagonist. blaities ltis pittt'ttls ll ‘I his sexual
prefeteitct' He says that tlteoty lI-‘l‘. been
dtsptoveit rind that “.Just as many ltt'itJtr mex
uals have the saute kinds of problettts with
their parents."

Tltr’ll. lit wevet. was the only cttt he made.
He is (litertittg the play as a pound peit'e Wllll
'fifl's costumes, music and nuts (I iaving seen
the play. lu-wevet. I must say that only the
costumes tvorn by "Harold" and "Latty" iII(.'
vaguely tetttiuiscetil of the 'fiii's 'llte set
could be ftotit any time and the music is st.
scatcc and inaudible that its contribution is
utiuiitial.). He's doing tltis. he said. itot to
avoid the probleitts but to "show the al-
titudus at one poitit ltI time. it is purely a
v comparative piece."

“Compared to what?" was the v..uestioit
f raised by former SUNYA Gay and Lesbian
t Alliance President Mike Mcl’urtltu. wlto

 

gettt'tnlly takes a fairly utorlt'iatt- new: f the
play "I'd like tr set' llti’lli ('Xlit'lliitl'lll a lllllt'
in: II' " he said. “Maybe they rt ltltl d: n play
by a new young guy plttywtiglrt as a balance
At this point llit’tt' isn't nttyiltiug ltii people to
compare ii to "

liunnell t‘trlllt'litl‘u that the“! me balancing
agents all over "You can watch liridsftend
It’r'ttisttcd on Monday. see out plity on Tues-
dtty and go see Making Lotte on Wednes-
day " he added that the sexual revolution of
the 'tifl's lit-.ugltt homosexuality more ottt iii
the open so that people are more comfor-
table with the subject

But what Bennett sees as comfort.
Mt:l’attlirt sees as a forttt of subtle voyeurism.
lle cxpluined that. “aside from the obvious
sexual acts. people don't know what makes
us different or what we do when we get
together." The possible problem he says
(and Bell agrees) is the play was written for a
gay audience so straights may lake It as too
representative. though McPartlIn said lie has
faith in the audience's ability to see the play's

“lmls‘ {continued on page 70)

 

 
     
    

    

and I feel comfortable ‘passtng.’"she Says.
“Although the elements In the straight world
that don't accept me are greater than the
elements In the gay world that don't. But It's
really minimal on both sides."

But she still cannot be absolutely frank -
about her sexuality with everyone. “People
lust don't understand. Especially the govern-
ment." she smiles ruefully. Dianne's
background makes her a prime candidate for ~
a top security job with the federal goverti-
ment. but the revelation (via polygraph test)
that Sl\(’ is bisexual has disqualified her.

“Government reflects society's
attitudes. . .people have the attitude that
homosexuals (or biseimals) are defined by
what they do and not by what they feel.
'I'ltey dott't understand a woman can be In
love with a Wtilttr‘tli. . .a lot of people think
bisexual equals ptotitlscttous."

Dianne does not consider herself a
political lesbian. not having sexual relation-
ships for political reasons.

"To a lesbian. feminism comes easily and
naturally. . sex is definitely political. But i
have never been able to go the whole route
and be cotitpletely lesbian." she says

—Susnn Milllgan

“There is
something
about the
estasy of
falling in
love . . .
thafs
addictive.”

ave ts like most graduate students:
ltt>'-. going to school itt order to be
eligible lot liettet paying tubs He
lt w-lh youttrtt-t than his 34 years llave's att
may tit vtttg |\(‘t\t It with .i ftll’tltlll} tttattttet'
flint-t ts tr rnf- ttaltle with his ltotttoscxuuli-
tu lint II hasn't been easy When he first
l'4 -tiflt 'Illt'tl his sexuality. lie was very confus-
ed lh- kept I II wondering if llL’ was gr-iug to
til in Hell ltt’illliM‘KIldlllV being .‘t sin iii
the eyew f the (‘tttltnltc (Tlttticlt.
ll.l\‘t' w.r-. tttuttted when he fttst
tll‘ul' \t'tt'tl lb! was gay. ten yeats .igtt- l'it-
visit-d up III a tray lint as ll testilt - l .t ftgltt
is I‘.\. wife He til longer sees his Wlft’i

i I.
.--‘- tttst "a t l: and cltaptt't III ltl't life "

"My mt lltt‘l didn't speak Iii tire fot lw:
m: tilll\ .tftt-t It: id but. littt site's okay now “
Int mutl "\Nttlt .tll Il‘t'I'IIl ir'pt-tls \vlttclt llilt't’
the mow ii In tIIIHSI'XtItlltlU. she's feeling
lu'llr't tillt ttt ll. who was feeling responsible "

liatt- feels "the wotst pail of being gay is
living t \lItIII/t‘tl " Wllt‘ll be worked as .t
l- Illlst'l-I III .r mental health cettlet llt’ litrlli“
t’tlt f: llt‘ t f lll't lII isst's "if be suspected at all
that a pnttettt was gay. lll' wouldn't let lltt‘
tltlIIINt‘l lttttt .tltlt- ugh l pr: balily could have
helped him most." ltt’ said.

While betttg gay is not a part of tcgulat
ttiItVl'I‘srtllt tI. llavu ltrts Ir -Itl people he's gay
when the time was “right.” “Some of my
twins know about my."

Dave is “gay by choice." However. he has
c: .ttsitlutt'd tL-turnittg to the "straight" life. He
ltslt'd several pros and cons of the situation

that he has been pondering.

“After going through the re-soclalizattou
process anti (now possibly) having to go
through it again. I fittd It a bit scary." He
questions what Would happen if he were to
go straight and even marry. "if my wife
fouttd out from someone else that l was gay
(the past ten yeatsl."

Dave feels it would be difficult to date dur-
ing the transition stage. “What'do I do In tlte
ineantlttte? It will be difficult to be comfor-
table agaltt lit the situation.

“Quite frankly." he added. “this gay life Is
ttot bad. There is something about the
ecstasy of falling Itt love. loving and the pain-
ful break-up that's addictive."

No matter what Dave ends up doing. he
believes. “I am me as long as I ant true to
myself." He no longer worries about burning
in Hell because he has concluded. “God
loves all His children.”

 

~33“! Billy-ac

 

 

 

 

 

