   

r
i
k
l
. 5,

 

 

IOIfIOIIId A Iii-Ion

Petty Is Cheap

Ibr-

<oz adnmum>

afﬂiction Is to have no affliction.

Adversity often has the effect ol
bringing out the best In people. This also
applies to musicians. Tom Petty. who In
the past experienced a great deal oi trou-
ble. seems to lit the above axiom. His latest
LP. Long After Dark. shows a complacen-
cy. Although it's vintage Petty. It‘s also a bIt
ﬂat.

Robert Schneider

Petty. who has been blessed with both
Iiit singles and albums. has not been bless-
ed with peace and quiet. Almost from the
oeginning of his mass, popularity. Tom Pet-
ty has had disputes with many factions.
irom record companies to radio stations.
He hasn't battled his loyal lans. though.

The Florida-born Petty came up the hard
way. Originally Inspired by Elvis' wealth
and girls. the Beatles caused him to con-
sider playing the guitar. Hts high school
band eventually led to the Epics (remember
them?). What the Epics did was play the
seemingly endless Southern bar circuit. By
this time. Petty had dropped out ol high
school. but life on the road showed Petty
that there were more things to lile than the
Epics. Alter itntshlng high school In
Galnsevtlle. FIa.. Petty lelt lor sunny LA.
What really got his career oil the ground

was the success of the single “Breakdown”.
it didn't achieve popularity until nine mon-
ths alter its release on Tom Petty nnd tile
l'lcaribreakers. Petty wisely followed this
up with You're Gonna Get It. At this time.
Petty's iated legal troubles began. His
original label. ABC Records. iolded. MCA
then claimed to have him under contract.
Apparently. Petty didn't like that idea. so
be sued MCA. The suit took a lot out of
Petty. and eventually he signed with MCA
subsidiary Backstreet This didn't signal the
end of his record troubles. Dumn The

S omeone once said that the worst

 

 

 

Torpedoes, Petty's third album. was a big
bit. He wanted to match its success with
Hard Promises. Petty became incensed
‘ when he learned that the album was going
to list for the outrageous price of $9.98,. He
urged his fans to protest the record com-
pany. He won his battle. and Hard Pro-
mises listed lor $8.98.

Petty Is a cynical. self deprecating man.
Even now. with tour well-received albums

 

why so many have good leellngs about
Tom Petty. While the new album won't
hurt those leellngs. it won't help them
either.

Long After Dark can best be described by
the middle two words in the opening cut.
“A One Story Town" 15 a competent, stan-
dard song. Bassist Howie Epstein, who
replaced Ron Blair. immediately makes his
presence known. Petty outdoes himself on
vocals. with his nasal twang working over-

new"!

 

behind him. he still lears failure. He once
described his own music In unprintable
terms. This insulted a large number ol his
fans. and he withdrew the remark. He 15
generally seen as a nice guy. and lor a
good reason A radio station In Chicago
bought all the seats lor a show. and gave
out lrec tickets. Even this incensed some.
and their anger angered Petty. who sau.

 

nothing wrong with this gesture. lt‘s ex-
amples like that that makes it easy to see

Fagen Is Deep

71‘ ruse days. it's a sad but true lact
that many solo albums are seen
as an embarrassment. both to the

solo artist and to the former group.

Especially In Rock. the whole is olten

greater than the sum-nldhe-parts. conse-

quently. someone who goes solo olten
sounds like a small lmr'tion of his former
group. However. artists like Pete
townshend. Robet Plant and John Lennon
have all had solo albums that sometimes
sound better than their original groups.

With The Nightly. Donald Fagen makes a

sweetnttse sunsets;
Robert Schneider
Fagen w}? TEE-imif ‘STBElyW Dal:

Several months alter the release ol

Gaucho. the most recent and most ques-

tionable Steely Dan ellort. it was announc-

ed that the group was splitting up. "Group"

15 an inappropriate description lor Steely

Dan. What happened was that Fagen and

the other hall. Walter Becker. took a vaca-

" tion home each other. Fagen hasn't ruled

out the possibility of working with Becker
again. although he doesn't know when.
When the breakth was announced.
some Steely Dan lans went into convul-
ilons. Sure. Gaucho was too poppy. but a
ireakup was too extreme. Steely Dan had
attracted many ions in Its nine year history.
Their lirst album. Can't Buy a Thrill. was
superb. and it was lollowed by six others.
All ol these records were well-received.
ooth by critics and fans. With all this suc-
:ess. why wasn't Steely Dan dubbed a
“Supergroup?” Well. Becker and Fagen
were at best obnoxious to the press, which
:an't make too many friends. They didn't
our either. It's a good thing. too. lor a
sound like Steely Dan's would sound awlul

n a hockey rink. Finally. by and large. ,

Steely Dan lans weren't pushy and loud.
-They didn't rant that Steely Dan was “the

only band that mattered". There are about
live bands with that title. by the way.
What Steely Dan concentrated on was
not Its Image. but Its style. Becker and
Fagen didn't pester their fans with political
issues that orher musicians adopted. In-
stead. they got some of the best studio
musicians to give Steely Dan a polished,
sensual sound. While apolitical. the lyrics
were far lrom uncontroverslal. Topics such
as gangland executions. ghetto ltle. drug
trips, and sex lill the songs. Often. the lyrics

 

are so abstract that any interpretation 15
possible. Usually the lyrics have a sarcastic
element running through them.

Musically. Becker and Fagen chose their
hands well. People like Jeii Baxter, Rick
Derringer and Tom Scott have appeared

 

 

 

time. The song also possesses and Intermit-
tent guitar run that lllts through the upper
ranges. Petty and Mike Campbell do a
good job on the guitars. as usual. "You
Got Lucky" has Petty and his Heart-
breakers playing with a Hull-and-Oateslsh
synthesizer. and this eilect works very well.
A purposely distorted guitar solo also adds
to the mixture. The ingenuity lound here
doesn't apply to much of the album.

however. Ditch. the songs sre just

on Steely Dan records the group's style
evulved to a very jazzy sound when Air:
was released In 1977. Guuciro also show
ed a great deal ol'jazz Inlluence. along with
a pop sound typified by "Hey Nineteen."
Lyrically it was still Steely Dan. but the
music strayed too close to AM radio. With
'I'iiu Nightﬂy, Fagen has allowed for pop in
a way that won't alienate a Steely Dan lan.

Fagen has described his album as a
return to his teens. when he lived In New
Jersey. All the songs relate in one way or
another to the late Filties. early Sixties. The
opening track. “l.G.Y." deals with the
luturlstlc optimism that pervaded at the
time of the International Geophysical Year.
This tune sounds like It could have been
recorded lor Gaucho. The lyrics are more
hopelul than an average Steely Dan song.
“l.G.Y." displays the naive hopelulness ol
that time: “A just machine to make big
decisions/programmed by lellows with
compassion and vision/We'll be clean
when their work Is done/We'll be eternally
lree and eternally young." Highlighting the
song 15 Rob Mounsey's synthesizer.

The sole exception to the late lilties at-
titude 15 “Green Flower Street." It deals
Nllh a more Steely Dan-Ish subject: trouble
.n an inner-city neighborhood. An ex-
cellent solo by Rick Delringer adds even
more to this lunky. jazzy song. Again the
synthesizer really moves a song along.

“New Frontier." leading oll side two. Is
an adolescent tale ol a party In an
underground shelter that was built "In case
the Reds decide to push the button down."
This Is the best song on the album. lt'com-
blnes a strategically placed piano run. by
Michael Omnrtlan. with synthesizers and
Larry Carlton’s guitar. ln addition to all of
this. there’s a harmonica that merges with
the guitar. and thus avoids being lolksy. 1n
the song. Fagen is courting the alfection a
big blonde: I'l hear you're mad about
Brubeck/l like your eyes—l like him too."

 

t

 

 
   

:hashes of proven Petty hits. The ,better
noments are lound when other artists are
:alled upon lor Inspiration. For example,
"Finding Out" really moves along. aided by
a borrowed chord succession that's lound
.n the Kinks' "Jukebox Music". The style ol
that classic Is barely noticed. but It Is there
and does a great deal lor that tune.
Without It. "Finding Out" Would be just
another song. Alas, that dubious distinc-
tion applies to many ol the songs here.

Torn Petty's vocals always provide a
song with a unique sound. He can range
lrom a nasal. almost sarcastic tone to a gut-
wrenching growl. He uses this wide varia-
tion on Long Alter Dark. “We Stand a
Chance" has Petty trying to replicate his hit
“Women In Love". only this time with
more hope In his voice. The double-
tracking ol his voice Is found all over the
album. and it lends a richness that helps
any song along.

Petty and Jimmy lovine produced Long
After Dark. and for the most part. they
achieved a good balance between vocals
and background music. On some tracks.
Petty takes a back seat to his band. but this

I Is rare. Usually It's the other way around.

like during "Between Two Worlds". Here.
there Is plenty of room lor Petty and the
guitars. but drummer Stan Lynch Is given
very little room. and his drums are lorced
to sound llat and plain.

A5 ll It was an attempt to cover up lor all
the previous blandncss. Petty closes Long
After Dark with “A Wasted LIle". which
has an unmistakeable similarity to Steven
Bishop's “On and On". A slow number. it
has the ellect ol relaxing the listener. but
that's the whole album's problem. Instead
oi exciting. the record tends to bore you.
Petty should be a little more conlldent in his
abilities and talents. l’le ought to take a
chance. instead ol relying on time-tested
lormulas. Maybe he should start a new but-
tle with his record company. i t

Alter all the lyrics are done. the song (on-
tInues. thus letting the musicians take over
They do this well. all building up to a wry
satislylng ‘L-nding.

You may be wondering about the title oi
this album. What is a nightllv? Does it hitc"
What Fagen Is referring to is a type of radio
personality that was heard only late at
night. and played jazz when most stations
were playing (loo-won. Apparently those
characters had a big Influence on the their-
young Fagen. The cover oi the album has
Fagen behind the microphone oi a Irti's
radio station. with a Sonny Rollins album
on the desk.

As Fagen has put it. he warns the album
to be more hopelul than a Steely Dan
record. This isn't the case with "The Good-
bye Look." a tale ol an American paradise
lost in Cuba. when Castro took over.
Featuring a Salsa beat with excellent per-

cussion by Steve Vanderlocket. the lyrics ‘

aren't too optimistic. while the music is.
Fagen realizes the new power is “. . .ar-
ranging a small reception just lor
me/Behind the casino by the sea." “The
Goodbye Look” is like a cross between
Steely Dan's "Haitaln Divorce" and “Bad
Sneakers."

The final cut. "Walk Between Rain-
drops." sounds as Il Frank Sinatra could
have recorded It In 19132. It's a cheerlul lit-
tle tune with a big-band sound. Fagen does
well not to sound looltsh here, and In fact.
he sounds as Il he's been singing swing-
tlnie music all his llle.

Taken as a whole. The Night/1y is a very
enjoyablework. it's easy to see that great
care was taken In making It. Gary Kutz.
who often worked with Steely Dan. pro-
duced this record, and the 'lack ol slop-
piness Is a tribute to his talent. As lor Steely
Dan lans who stll long for the return ol that
duo. take heart. Donald Fagen has match—
ed Steely Dan. Who knows —— he may
have even surpassed it. . ,‘ ,, r, 5 [ll

   

     
   

   
 
 

 

 

   
  
    
   
  

 

 TARTST‘ODAYH CN

'rL' T'”‘Wﬂmrsm‘

 

  

Have you heard
about
Darling 's ?

Designer fashions
a! fantastic prices.

Phone

      
         

: Essays. poems. ﬁc-
; lam-v photography
rid art dealing with-
he nuclear arms crisis
ordspccial edition of

 
  

SPECTS in early
.prlng. Send material
0 H: Sta/0y,

' uma'nitics 346.

We would like-~~

 

 

very dim/ﬂirty — ' I
V liysics, poll-wt,
i l IIg/iis‘h. business. t‘lt’.

(Inpltul ilIll's new wt'
fashion t‘t-ntcr. ‘
iti!)5tntc.’~it.. \Ilmny I 163-8310
tI‘uotimniuimrrsnptrlnntilt-1111mm
HIS 'iti Mon. 11er SM 0 Layaway. VISA. .‘lt

 

 

MOVING OFF CAMPUS
SPRING SEMESTER

Be an informed tenant. Get the facts first before
you sign the lease.

 
  

12.

 

l 4896505,i

ANY EXPOSURE

MAKE CHECK PAYABLE TO: Film

AA MC 0
' 'm
World's Largest Transmission Specialists

1025 Central/\ve.
Albany NY

I 10% OFF ALL MAJOR REPAIRS

h--—————_----__-

BOOK OF COUPONS

GOOD FOR

 
 
 
 
 
  

100 ROLLS KODAK
COLOR PRINT FILM

$15.00

Send film to be developed with coupon at
competitive prices and'recieUe a roll of new film
g with prints. Guaranteed to save you money.

  
 
 

20.24.36

Coll 869-2421 for additional info on “The Deal
I of a Lifetime."

 
  

  

PO Box 12604
Albany. NY 12212

I ANY SIZE
110.126.1335

 
 

was one" ""31

      
 
 

    
   
   
 
   
  

  
   
 

 

   

Come to the Information Session sponsored by Name
Off'campus Housing Office on Tuesday, 4‘2"”
NY

 

 

State

Z/p

 

November 16, at 7:30 pm, in the Off— Campus
Lounge.

 
   

a-v

 

 

 

 

 

They told Dr. Jekyll to take
his amazing scientific discovery
and shove it up his nose.

So he did.

 

. I The comedy that examines
modern living through chemistry.

 

l'illl/lMlllllil l‘lllllllllli l’lllSlNlll illithllllﬁl lillllllllll .lllllll llllllllil l’llllllllllllllll
.illllll llllllll llllilllilll illi/llil lililllllliili Mtllltt Iil/Ililtllllll lllliil itilMIIlllllltli
Killlilil lllliltjitlillll llM ltllll.lllltillN Mlllllilll Mlitilltlll llllllllVl l'llllllllillll .lllll tillVlll
Wllllllll ill Mlllttllll .lillllllilitl E MAIN” M‘IIIll Aiill lllllli lilltilllt it MIIIIIAII lllSllll
l’llllllllt'ill Ill lIlWlllillll lilllllllil llillltiltll lliJlllIll lllltttlit
 unmcun 6:» i illr‘rhllllililll l’il'tllllll

All tot/name'tvld may“ on
My fawn/“(‘1‘   ﬂ’fr'cc
7cm femur/2M Mat-t a

 
   

     

  
  
 

V -/ _\\ 
.Al.l.
lllle'I llli lln
NlOWl'lMl h .

 

mm a: nun t

   
 

 
 

Frlrltry.

Nov“ kin li’llt A,

   

 

 

  

- mum Ww.--u-a........... .

 

J, g .
law 4 ’17 ﬂuid/tle! ,ucd' Karat/r
firm“ "w'd‘w‘y “Kw-w m4 .ter/i ".‘J:  .. 

Katie/r Rn» 143/ Mg (ion is».
ﬂw rquartc(:/{ 41%.97H

 

 

 

 

i.
t
I

W-‘m <~.—¢ . .27. ...r . .— ..

 

 

