RT?

.A--~W.,.,. w

 

 

SUNYA
, Pro—Law
Association

General Interest Meeting
Tuesday Oct. 5, 1982

at 7:30 in LC 21

For Further Info Contact:

 
 
 

Beth Sheinberg
462—2 288

 

Pine Hills Pizzeria

(Formerly Westmere Pizzeria)

482-5500 289 Ontario St. 482-5500
Pﬁces
8 OUT THIN $4.50 12 OUT SICILiAN $6.00
8 CUT THICK $5.25 24 CUT SIClLlAN $11.00
....... ..PLUS TAX..........
as 12 Cuts...s.50  24 ours....,..s.1.oo

Sausage Peppers X Cheese
Pepperoni Onlons Peppers
Meatballs Garlic ' Green Olives
Mushrooms Anchovres Black Olives

 

Dinner Specials

(Untll 8 PM)

110 coupon necessary

Monday & Tuesday

2 FREE Cans of Soda and FREE
Extra Cheese or Pepperoni

ON ANY SIZE PIZZA

Wednesday & Thursday
BUY One Pizza and Get the Second for Half Price

Open 7 Days A Wonk
Sun~Thuru 4pm>tnm Fri 5 Sat 4pm~3nm
Special Discount For Purlloa A Organizations 5 or More Pizza:

 

 

 

 

 

 

'2

f
i‘ a mV‘L’f‘Nf‘"! 7'-'~l1 "7‘4 P» ‘5‘“: w I
J ; iMl‘DDLE EARTH.,the.preer. councellng and crisis in-

te'rventlon center on campus, will be sponsoring
and co-sponsorlng the following activities..’.

‘ CLIP AND SAVE

$0 on) e
co...

MIDDLE EARTH
457-7800

Yuan. Oct. 12 (weekly)

Diocuuion Group on Adlullmorlt
6008:5509"! It Mlddia Earth

for Fro-Noon

Thurs. Oct. 17 (weakly)
5.00»o:30pm at Middle Earth

Mon'a Conlclouaneaa
Bailing Group

Mon. Oct. 11

Concarnl tor Balurnlno
5307:3013") at Middlu EDth

Woman Students

Fri. Oct. 15mm. 3 (weakly)
0 0040 30am at Mlddio Earth

Fat an I Famlnlat Iaauu

Wad. Oct. 0

Training tor Facllltatton
8.00-0.309rn at Middle Earth

01 Groups or Making Prnauriintiona

Thurs. Oct. 7
5.30-7 00pm al Middle Earth

Training for Facllltatton
oi Groups or Making Prnaumallona

 

 

 

 

 

 

, AMERICAN

_ BALLET
T

“. . . in its second decade
of excellence"

 
   
   
 

ichard England. Director
Jeremy Blantcn, Associate Director

Friday, October 8 and Saturday October 9 at 8:00 PM

Reserved Seats:

$7 SUN YA Tax Card
$8 Students & Senior Citizens
$10 General Public

Master Classes: Thursday Oct. 7

Times to be announced-

c/gn up in dance studio

For More Info:

Dance
Debbie
Marc/a

Off/09 457-4530

45 7-8660
4653033

 

 

 

 

s 4.x...“ ‘ia,7.'l}4rti‘ an- ..

 

am. a:

 

Booters settle fdr

By Marc Schwarz
STAFF WRITER

 

The Albany State men’s soccer team had to settle for
a disappointing 2-2 tie when Brockport scored a goal
with a minute and a half rcmaining in the second over-
time period, Saturday, in Brockport.

2-2 Brockport tie

Thc Danes had taken the lead at 5:05 of the second. ' ~ ‘

extra ten minute period on John lssclhard's second
goal of the game. The tic left the Danes with a 2-2-2
mark for the season.

Coach Bill Schicffclin was disappointed with the
result. "We tried to protect our lead and they just
snuck one in on us,” he said. “We became too prolcc-

‘ tivc. bringing the defense too close in to the goal."

Brockport scored first at 27:35 when Dane defender
Michael Miller miskickcd a ball and Bob Barber ran
past him and ncttcd an easy goal past a flat footed
goalie. Tom Mcrritt. Miller, a standout for the Danes
all season made one of his rarc mistakes. “1 guess he
just proved to us that he's human." said Schicffclin.

The Danes responded with a goal of their own at
53:10. issclhard took a pass from Jcrry 15aucs. beat a
defender and drilled it pass Brockport goalic Slcvc
Paulcy from ten yards out.

Albany controlled the game and had two or three
good opportunities to win in regulation. “We were on
the thrcshhold. bttt we couldn't put the bull in thc ncl.
it's frustrating. thcrc was no rcason why it should have
gone into overtime." said Schicffclin.

After a scoreless first overtime, issclhnrd again took
a pass from lsaacs and bcat l’aulcy to thc right side.
According to Schicffclin, that was when the Dancs
went into their shcll: “We rctrcatcd so much. we
couldn‘t hold on." A ball in the penalty area bounced
over Mcrritt for the tying goal.

“We have to get on track. 1 thought the go ahead
goal would start to build some momentum." explained

OCTOBER 5, 1982 a ALBANY STUDENTPRESS Sports 19

  

 

aunA BTEINKAMP ups.
The Albany State men's soccer team had to set-
tle tor a disappointing tie with Brookport.
Schicffclin. “it would have been a good win. but it
feels like a loss."

Except for the finish. Schicffclin was pleased with
thc way his offense performed. Following last week's
loss to Hartwick. he felt that lssclhurd uccds to be m-
tcgrutcd into the offcnsc more. “Then son-of-a-gun,
Johnny gocs out there and scores two." he said. “1
fch this team is ready and capable of an offcnsivc cx-
plosiou. we just have to work on finishing offa tcunt.
We don't make the most of our opportunities.“

Albany will have a chance to rcgnin their winning
form on Wednesday at Union. The Dutchmen (0-5-1)
are looking to get imo the win column tlguinsl their
local rivals. The Dunes their face Potsdam and Sicna.
Schicffclin fuels that Albany must win the next lhrcc
games. After the Duties get by their ncxt thrcc op-
poncnts. they will have kcy SUNYAC mcmbcrs against
Binghnmton and Oncontu. i 1

Dane harriers outrun Colgate 37-21

 

By Ken Cantor
STAFF WRITER

The mcns cross country track team raised its record
to 3-4 Saturday afternoon by defeating Colgate 37-21.
Albany State coach Bob Munscy praised the tcams's
performance: “We looked a lot better today. We got
good performances from (lan) Clements and (Bruce)
Shapiro. 1 hope we can carry the momentum for the
next few weeks."

Albany's lan Clements took ﬁrst on the 5.15 milc
course finishing with a time of 27 minutes. Colgatc's
Joe O’Connor took second with a time of 27:12.

Albany State captain Brucc Shapiro came in third
clocking 27:12.

Other Albany State runners who finished the rcacc
were Nick Sullivan. who came in fourth with a time of
27:22, Chris Ccllacl who came in ﬁfth in 27:30. Todd
Silvcs eighth and Jim Erwins ninth in 27:54.

“1 was impressed by the fact that our runners ltnlsh-
ed within 54 seconds of each other." commented
Munscy.

The cross country team will travel to Montclair State
on Saturday. The next big event for the team will be
the sum 5, which will be held in 'a few weeks. if]

Women boaters split pair in week

 

By Alan Levy

Plagued with injuries and suffering a slight mcnlal
letdown from a tic with Cortland, the seventh ranked
Albany State women's soccer team dropped a 3-1 deci-
sion to Colgate but salvaged the week by defeating
Sicna 1-0.

With right halfback Karcn Bartz out due to an in-
jury. Colgate dominated play with’ masterful onc-
touch. The Dunes played ﬂat. in spite of an curly goal.
and really didn‘t start hustling until the last fifteen
minutes of the game.

At Sicntt on Thursday. the rclurn of Bart]. was mar-
red by the absence of midficldcr Gina Tucci, but the
Danes \vcrc inspired by the courageous play of Lisa
Franco. and toppcd thc hotnc (cam.

The only scorc of thc gnmc clinic on u Liszt France
goal at 17:17 of the second half with ill) assist by Sue

Women harriers

11 Mark Wilgurtl

’l‘hc \votnut s cl .. country team hclpcd Ron White
cclcbrutc his birthday in high fashion on Saturday.

Freshman Kathy McCarthy icd lilc Dtlncs to u 21~35
victory ovcr l'lnttsbnrg with n coursc rccord litnc in
“1:490 Shc ticd lhc school rccortl of Chris Gardner.
who sct lhc mark in 1930. McCarthy's milcstonc also
pluccd her 2611) on the till-time Albany coursc list. Site
crcditctl thc achicvcmcnt somcwhal to hcr lctunmutcs.
"It really hclpcd that we stayed together in the pack
for the first couple of miles. We had more tcum
depth," McCarthy commented.

The Albany squad was never really challenged. At
the first mile marker, four out of the top six runners
were Danes. McCArthy. who was clocked at 6:00 for

 

 

  

Slagcl. What made France's goal remarkable was that
she went down in the ﬁrst half with a head injury and
played the rcamindcr of the game with blurred vision.

Albany dominated play. outshooting Sicna 21 shots
on goal to one. Even though Coach Any Kidder felt
the score should have been higher. she was optimistic
about the futurc of the learn. “All we nccd is the kind
of experience and tnaturity to be able to dictate the
lcvcl of play in the game," said Kidder, “But tltc shif-
ting of players (the return of Burtz and Anna Court-
ncy, last ycitfs leading scorcr) can lend to the incffcc-
tive way we have played."

The team will be playing tomorrow at LcMoync and
against St. Lowrcncc on Saturday to conclude a road
trip which included gumcs bcforc they finally return
home to tncct Mnnhntlcnvillc on ()ctobcr 12. i l

peddle to victory

the first tnilc. hnd lhc lcnd thc cutirc way and ncvcr
looked back. llcr closest challenger finished 1 I
scconds bchind hcr.

Conch Whilc couldn't sny cnough about h’ch‘nrthy
and lhc rcsl of thc squad. "'i'hc win was a nicc birth-
day prcscnt. it “11.5 n rcnl nicc lctun pcrfornntncc. 1
consider Kathy polcntinlly a static caliber runncr. and
to have a spread of 1:27 bctwccn first and fifth runncr
is marvclous."

Other top Albany runners who lurncd in outstan-
ding performances were Siobhuin Griffin, Karen Kur-
thy. Donna Burnhatn, and Belle szunbrt. Griffin’s
tlrnc of 19:15 was good for 50th place on the all-time
Albany course list. Kurthy was clocked at 19:23. Bur-
nham at 19:32 and Dzamba at 20:l6.

The next meet is Saturday at home.

Cl

Robert Blalack—“The
Man Behind the Force”

“Movie Magic”
A Multimedia Show

Tickets on sale in Campus
Center Lobby

Performance Oct 8
’ CC Ballroom 8pm

bran-pogo.-onco-coo.a.-uncanny-unnpraa'l-ollnlr

 

 

 

 

The German Club

Presents:
an evening of

CU LTU RAL
EXCHANGE

Three fellow students com-
pare and contrast German and
American Universities and

lifestyles.

EVERYONE lNVlTEDl!

Tuesday, October 5th
HU 354-7:30 pm

 

 

 

 

 

With this coupon you’ll receive
any foot-long sandwich for 99‘
when you purchase another of
comparable value at the usual
“5th price. (Oliargoodthrougt‘. MEL.)

Redeem At

._. .suewow

America's Famous Foot Long ndwch
‘1182 Western Avenue.

  
   

 

 

 

 

