 

 

World capsules: -y

Cluster bomb kills Marine

Beirut. Lebanon’
(AP) An unexploded part of a cluster bomb blew up at
Beirut airport Thursday..killing one U.S. Marine and woun-i
ding three others who tripped on it. U.S. military
spokesmen said.

The casualties were reported after several hundred
Marines waded ashore to help guard the field just reopened
by President Amin Gcmayel.

One of the survivors was in serious condition with groin
injuries and the other two were slightly wounded. the
spokesmen said.

The casualties were the ﬁrst suffered by the Marines since
they deployed in Beirut this summer to help oversee the
evacuatiOn of Palestine Liberation Organization guerillas
from the lsraell-ringed city. The Marines returned Wednes-
day on their second peacekeeping mission.

President Reagan reacted with "shock and sorrow," but
said the casualties would have no effect on the U.S. corn-
rnitment to remain in Lebanon until israeli and Syrian
troops are out and the government is in control. White
House Deputy Press Secretary Larry Speakes said in
Washington.

Ameraslan child airlift starts

’ Ho Chi Min/r Cily, Vietnam
(AP) Gary Tanous. who fought for more than two years to
get ltis daughter out of Vietnam. tcurt'uliy took her in his
arms Thursday and joined an airlift of II Vietnamese-
Amcrican children bound for the United states.

“I have never been happier in my life." said 'fanous. 42.
tears streaming down his checks. The Vancouver. Wash..
resident had not seen lS-ycar-old Jean Marie. his only
child, for 14 years.

Tanous was the only father present for the Amcrasian
children's airlift. which is sending ll youngsters aged seven
to is to relatives or sponsors in America. Nine Vietnamese
relatives are also ’on the airlift. which is stopped over in
Bangkok. Thailand. before continuing to the United
States.

Vietnam said it is ready to grant "immediate visas" to all
Amcrasian children and relatives who want to go to the.
United States. and said it is the responsibility of the United
States to take them.‘

Soviet airliner crashes

Luxembourg
(AP) A Soviet airliner skidded off a runway at Luxem-
bourg‘s airport sidcswiped a water tower and exploded in-
to liamcs. and the government said Thursday that fch peo-
ple were killed and 72 injured.

initial reports put the death toll at 53. That was revised to
l2 and later a police spokesman said the number was no
higher than 10. The latest toll was given by Roger Sictzcn.
president of Luxembourg's national airline. Luxair.

Sictzcn, speaking for the Luxembourg government, said
all five dead in Wednesday's crash at Findel Airport were
Luxembourg nationals.

He said the Aeroflot llyushin-52 airliner —— enroutc to
Lima. Peru from Moscow with 66 passengers and a crew of
ii —— skidded off the runway after it made a normal ap-
proach at the Luxembourg airport.

Economic picture looks grim

Washington, D. C.
(AP) Flying in the face of President Reagan's predictions of
recovery. the government's main economic forecasting
gauge has nosed down for the ﬁrst time since March and a
record number of Americans have lined up for unemploy-
ment benefits. officials' said Thursday.

Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige insisted the
economy was still heading for an upturn. Some private
analysts agreed, though cautioning the improvement would
be relatively weak. but the chief economist for the National
Association of Manufacturers said the new ﬁgures mean
“we will not see meaningful recovery until 1983."

House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill, D-Mass.. said “the
worst may be ahead? and raised the possibility of an
economic depression.

Congress acts on DWI Laws

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Congress is moving rapidly to complete action on
legislation designed to encourage states to toughen up their
laws against drunken driving. which kills about 25.000 peo-
ple a year.

The bill was passed by the House on a voice vote
Wednesday and sent to the Senate. which passed similar
legislation earlier this year.

The House version would establish a three-year. $125
million grant program for states that move to combat

 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 

   
  

   
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  

 
 

No-nuke Near to perform

Singer-songwriter Holly Near will bring her fall tour.
entitled "Be Disarmlng: Challenge the Nuclear
Mentality" to Albany on Saturday. October 9. The 8 pm
performance at Page i-lull. l35 Western Ave.. will be sign-
ed for the hearing impaired.

Advance tickets for the concert are $6. and are
available at the SUNY Performing Arts Center Box Of-
ficc.

Assist in the state senate

State Senate Session Assistants sounds like a new
tongue twister.

But New York sponsors such a program which places
up to sixtyundcrgraduatcs in Senate offices during the an-
nual legislative session. January 5 through May 20. l983.

New York State residents matriculated in accredited
degree programs at colleges or trnivcrsitics in New York
State. except freshmen. are eligible for the program.

Session assistants receive a $|.200 stipend.

The deadline for applications is Oct. i5.For more infor-
mation and application forms. contact Professor Joseph
F. Zimmerman. in ULB‘96, or call 457-4785.

 
    
  

 briefs

Women take back the night

The Take Back the Night March and Rally will be (mid
tonight. commencing at the Capitol steps.

The march is a symbolic way for women to rack..."
their freedom to walk without fear at night.

The 6:30 pm rally will be followed by a march at 7:30
pm.

Speakers at the rally include former State Sunni“,
Karen Burstcin; Alderwoman Judith Condo; director of
Albany Rape Crisis. Judith Condo; and Gray Panther
member. Delores Henderson.

Shot at a scholarship

Seniors majoring in advertising. marketing. journalism
and communications now have an opportunity to receive
full-tuition scholarships to a five-day direct marketing
Collegiate institute in Danbury. Connecticut. December
5-l0, l982.

The program is being sponsored by the Direct Mail
Marketing Education Foundation (DMMEF)

30 successful applicants will get a practical introducton
to basic marketing and direct mail techniques. The car-
riculum includes such topics as telephone marketing.
cable TV and broadcast advertising.

Applications are available by writing to the Foundation
at 6 East 43rd Street. New York. NY i0017. or by calling
(2|2) 689-4977.

Applications must be received by Oct. 29. 1982.

Assemblyman to speak

Arthur Kremer. chair of the Assembly Ways and Means
Committee and one of the most influential figures in state
politics. will be the next Rockefeller Forum lecturer.

it happens October S at 1 pm in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall. Admission is free.

Senate candidate to speak

Steve Wattcnmekcr. the Socialist Workers Party carr-
didatc for the U.S. Senate will talk on U.S. invoivernent
in Nicaragua. Monday at 8 pm in LC 19.

Also scheduled to speak from the Socialist Workers. is
Mike Fitzsimmons. a self-professed draft non-regisrant.
on why not everyone is signing up. The meeting is sponv
sored by the Young Socialists Alliance.

   
  
  

 

 

 

drunken driving.

in order to get the bill to the White House for President
Reagan‘s signature before Congress recesses Friday. Scn.
Claiborne Pell. D-R.l.. chief sponsor of the Senate
measure, said the Senate would adopt the House version.

Under the legislation. states would be eligible for
highway safety grunts by satisfying four basic criteria.

The measure inclttdcs an automatic 90-day license
suspension on first offense and a one-year license suspen-
sion for any repeat offense; a mandatory 48-hour jail
sentence or 10 days of community service for a second of-
fense within a five-year period; the establishment of 0.l0
percent level of alcohol in the bloodstream as "per se"
evidence of intoxication: and increased enforcement of a
state's drunken driving laws.

Mondale speaks out for gays

New York
(AP) The government and private groups should keep their
noses out of personal business that does not “threaten the
peace and order of society." former Vice President Walter
Mondale told a fundraiser for homosexual rights.

“in all matters that do not affect the rights of others.
every citizen ruust be left alone by our government.” Mon-
dale told the Slso-a-platc Human Rights Campaign Fund
dinner Wednesday night.

Mondale. who during the Carter administration was the
target of complaints by activists who said he refused to
discuss homosexual issues, is laying the groundwork toseek
the 1984 Democratic presidential nomination.

He was received enthusiastically as he told 800 dinner
guests at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel that he supports his
party's platform calling for,homosexual rlghts. .

The Waldorf ballroom was packed with a predominantly
male. tuxedo-clad audience for the gala. which raised funds
for Congressional candidates who support the rights of
homosexual men and women.

 

Suicide stopper is cleared

Larchmont. N. l.

(AP) A 22-year-old criminal justice student who was ill
rested for obstructing police because he prevented a suicidal
teenager from jumping to his death says he is
“elated” that charges against him have been dropped.

Larchmont Village Justice Joseph Clifford dropped the
misdemeanor charge against Edward McGuire on Tuesday
night, and 60 of his friends who packed the courtroom
broke into applause.

On Aug. 3|. McGuire tackled would-be jumper Michael
Byrnes, 18. on top of a building as police tried to coax
Byrnes down.

Poisoned Tylenol kills five

Arlington Heights. III.

(AP) Three people in two Chicago suburbs died of cyanide
poisoning after swallowing tainted capsules of Extra-
Strength Tylenol. and a search began Thursday for the
source and extent of the contamination. Nearly 4.7 million
pills were promptly recalled by the manufacturer.

A fourth person was hospitalized in extremely critinl corr-
dition. apparently after taking one of the capsules.

Robert Kniffen. a spokesman for McNeil Consumer Pro-
ducts Co.. the manufacturer of Tylenol, said the company
had been notiﬁed that two bottles of Extra-Strcnt',‘h
Tylenol Capsules “have been tampered with and cyanide
poison added to some of the capsules."

  
   
 

Corrections

In last Friday's ASP. it was incorrectly reported that
the $5000 OCA budget covers only fees and refreshments.
when indeed the budget is earmarked for other purposes.

in the September l4 ASP. it was erroneously reported
that the Financial Aid Ofﬁce is accepting estimates of Pet!
Grants. However. it is the Office of Student Accounts
that is accepting the estimates from the Financial Aid Of-
ﬂee.

 

We regret the errors. #___,_J

 

By Teri Kaplowltz
NEWS comm

 

_ An appeal ﬁled to the Student Affairs of-
ﬁce by Ronna Shapiro two weeks ago re-
‘quests that the student who was convicted
of sexually abusing and threatening her be
required to reimburse Shapiro for expenses .
she in'curred relating to the incident.

Shapiro. said she had to see three
gynecologists before receiving proper
medical treatment. costing her about $180.

The Student Health Service did reim-
burse Shapiro for a $20 pregnancy test since
she had Student Health insurance.

But she said other medical rclm-
bursements she recieved were negligible.

Shapiro also incurred a 593 phone bill by
calling her mother.

Shapiro says she was raped by the student
and that the expenses "are a direct result of
what happened to me."

State, UUP reach
tentatlve agreement

on three year
statewide contract

lly Mark Hammond
NIJl' [UK

The state and the UP (United Universi-
ty Professions) last week agreed upon a ten-
tative three-year contract after ten months
of negotiations.

The proposed contract must be ratified
by sorrre l.200 UUP members before it
becomes official. Tim Reilly. chief UUP
negotiator and associate professor of
Errgiish at SUNYA said he anticipates
ratification between the state and UUP by
early October and a forrrral signing
ceremony before November 2. Election
Day. The UUP is a union representing
17.000 professionals on SUNY campuses.

The settlement calls for a nine percent
first-year salary hike retroactive to July 1.
1982, and an eight percent raise in the ensu-
ing two years. A new “lag payroll" provi-
sion will allow the state to withhold two
weeks pay from employees. to be returned
when they leave state service.

“Put very enthused about the new con-
tract." Reilly said. “it includes concepts
never before proposed in a UUP contract."

Other provisions of the contract include:
bEstablishment of a 5i million fund which

 

 

Meanwhile Shapiro plans to work with
Genesis. the sexuality resource center and
possibly Middle Earth to develop a program
designed to deal with sexual abuse on cam-
pus.

Shapiro wants to start an SA recognized
group called Sexual Assault Victims Ex-
change Program (SAVES) to deal with sex-
ual abuse cases on-campus.

Assistant to the Director of Student Af-
fairs. Martha Pitch said. "My visions are
that if a student were raped. an organiza-
tion like SAVES would be available for
support." She suggested that members
could accompany a rape victim to doctor's
ofﬁces, the police, and to court.

“Because Ronna has come out so openly.
she set the University up for some
changes." said Fitch.

"This is a real good time for the Universi-

 

OCTOBER 1, 1982 E1 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

ty to analyze what does happen to victims
of sexual assault and rape," she continued.

SA President Mike Corso feels that some
of SAVES'objectives might overlap with
those of the Feminist Alliance. Middle
Earth, and the President‘s Task Force on
Women's Safety. ‘

However, Corso said that, “SA must ad-
dress any problems students have. and
noted. "if there are problems. it's my job
to facilitate change.

Middle Earth Coordinator David Jenkins
has done his own investigating. and says his
records show nothing resembling Ronna's
complaint ever occurred.

Shapiro said earlier that during her initial
interview with Middle Earth. she was told
she’d be assigned a counselor in three days.

However. Shapiro said when she called
Middle Earth back three weeks later. they
said they were just getting her case.

  

 

ed

 

will provide compensation for salary
disparities affecting recruitment and reten-
tion of employees.

PCreation of :1 Continuity of Employment
Committee with a yearly $5(X).000 ap-
propriation to attempt to retrain employees
moving into other cnrcer fields.
>Crcation of a Professional Development
and Quality of Work Life Committee with

I Raped woman files appeal for reimbursement

Jenkins says he has gone through his
records with a ﬁne tooth comb and has

_found no place that kind of time placement

curred for anyone in the entire year. I

“it's hard for me to believe that
something like that happened." agreed Ad-
ministrative Coordinator Val Fahey.

She explained that Middle Earth is often
innundatcd with clients during December
and April. “During these time if it is not an
immediate threat to life it would take a little
time to assign a counselor."

Jenkins added that since Middle Earth is

forbidden by law to divulge a client's name.

counselors cannot leave messages with a
client's roommate. He also recognized that
clients and counselors may both have busy
schedules and that "there are times when it
is not possible to reach the clients right
away...

-

r 1 NJ Misty

 

 

Besides the usual sunny afternoon crowd. the
podium was filled up even more with the SA Group Fair
on Tuesday. All told about 70 SA funded groups were
on hand, trying to get people to listen. pick up a pam-
phlet. or sign their life away. as one club president jok-

replaylng its “T.V. Hour" from last year. while the
Outing Club attracted prospective members by
navigating a sailboat in the tountelne.

This was the second year that the fair was on the
podium. Mark Weprln, SA Director of Student Program-
ming. said It seemed to generate more enthusiasm

The fair was a chance for all clubs large and small
to show off their wares. Telethon gathered crowds

a yearly 5500.000 appropriation to establish
a day care center and improve employee
assistance and training programs.
>Establishmcnt of an improved dental
plan by Jamunry l. l983, and an employee
benefit fund by July l. 1984.

>An appropriation of $l.000.000 to study
classification and promotion of non»
teaching professionals.

than when it was held In the Campus Center Ballroom.

 

, -Madl Kun

 

Also. the Experimental Tuition
Assistance Program. which allows
employees to enroll in one free course per
semester. was reinstated. it had been ter-
minated when the old contract expired last
year.

Reilly attributed the new innovations to a
negotiations committee which met for four

11 >

Pi Sigma Epsilon: the new marketing fraternity

By [Ian Nissen

 

Another marketing fraternity that
organizes itself as a professional business is
currently forming at SUNYA, The fraterni—
ty. Pi Sigma Epsilon, is designed to provide
a link between academia and the real world.

 

 

according to its leaders. PSE concentrates
primarily in the areas of marketing and
sales management.

Tltc fraternity which now has 92 chapters
nationwide. unveiled itself here Tuesday
night at an interest meeting attended by
over lOO students.

“Our plans are to organize into an ex-
tremely cohesive group." said campus PSE
president Billy Bernc. “inherent in this
cohesiveness is the fact that being a member
of PSE will he a serious conunitntent." he
said.

Ortc of the objectives of PSE is to
prepare its members for jobs, according to
vice-president Eric (iorman. “(jetting prac-
lical experience from PSE looks impressive
when you walk into a job interview." he
said.

To further help with the job search. the
fraternity is associated with Sales
Marketing Executive International. a group
of businessmen that will help establish con-
tacts and advice on employment.

Although the orientation of PSE is clear-
ly towards business. membership is open to

 

Prelldont Billy Borne
PSE prepares for business world

    

all students. said ilcrne. adding that every
graduate needs business knowledge that is

  
  

I I Don'tlfo‘r‘g'et‘tg . I  . . ,

. i

reg/Star to vote '

._,.._,.,g._ -t

  
   

provided in PSE. PSE at this point will also
have to overcome being confused with
Delta Sigma Pi. the more cxtablishcd
business fraternity on cttlttpus. Still. DSP
president Linda Alclteh does not foresee
much of a problem.

5”

Mom's Stereo Warehouod

and

Elvis Costello

“Delta Sigma Pi and PSE ltave different
membership qualifications and offer
students different learning opportunities.
SUNYA is definitely large enough to sup-
port two thriving fraternities and we wish
them luck," she said.

El:

. .
taut- Ail/Plch Officer
out In. Youlhl apnea-ca 0n I)an
Low night:

i .
'3’ ..
 Ar 1.2"»

TM! Week's Feature

 

 

Invite you to build an IMPERIAL BEDROOM

Listen to 91FM fonyour chance to win Posters and

copies of

Jimmy Cliff’s latest, “SPECIAL”

Collect different albums and posters over the
next weeks v and win a JVC Stereo worth $650”,

Tune in I0 Albany’s NEW POWER,9'II FM I9 Wlnll
watch out, for the'NEW WCD'B T-shlrtsiandv‘Alrwavea". ourK :

program guide

.J'A‘J‘r'rh Lilli. h‘il‘l‘. (“J'G‘id‘lili‘uil )

 

indium. o. ‘t‘lhtii taut '-.'~.r..". .ol nomadic. rrmr', noillmt

 

 

 

 

   
  
    
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
    

      

 

 

 

 

