3:. mt.“ meg-soy: 

.r

. s": '~»-v:—— n «a.

\x‘

a c \-

' x mama-.5.

 

 

.A .7. .»»r

«on... lt»:..»tvvvv'.lu .s. r .p-«ul ._— w.

pcge 2c/February23. 1982

 

ABC’s -. x ;

 

‘Why am I always the last to know? ' ’ -

In ilanuary. l'read Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited In preparation for the BBC
series on PBS. I fought through the SOD-odd pages of Waugh's purple prose. kicked myself
for not applying to Oxford. and failed to realize until I watched the TV version that the pro-
tagonlsfs were having a homosexual affair. ‘ g V

To be lair (to myself mostly). Waugh's treatment of Charles and Sebastian’s relationship
was more discrete than it was In the television adaptation. Idon't consider myself a poor
reader (It only. look me two readings to identify Jake Barnes‘ "injury" in The Sun Also
Rises). and I was aware of the frankly homosexual atmosphere of Waugh's Oxford. But l
still contend that~Charles and Seb's friendship Is open for Interpretation (though not by my
father. who asked if-l saw the “homo tlrlrrg" on channel 13 last week).

I think my natvete says more about my knowledge of homosexuality llran It does for any
appreciation of literature. As I find more and more attention being focused onhomosexuali—
ty In the arts (Making Lobe. Brideslrebd. Taxi Zum Kfo. Personal Best with Mariel Henr-
Ingway). the more l become convinced how little I'know about It.

That explains this week‘s issue. It Is an attempt to answer some of the questions the
Aspects staff and I had about the homosexual lifestyle on campus. We didn't try to encour-
pass all we know in a single article: the more we learned. the more we rualircd there is no
such thing as a “typical” experience. Instead. we talked to various men and women. and
presented their slories'as a mosaic of what it ,means to be gay.

The names of the six people we talked to have been changed. Some of the peova trad
agreed to use their names. But others didn't. so we chose to avnid confusion by changing
all the names. We were particularly swayed by the note given us by one of the women‘ It
says succinctly what a longer article couldn't begin to say. and we reprint it here in full:

I've decided I would not like my name to be used for the article. If you'd like to include
why. in the article. my answer would be that the people who know are supportive. but l
have been selective about the people I have told. I don't fear physical harm. but l am
afraid that I will receive negative comments and rejection. Being a lesbian Is a constant
st'r'uggle to like myself when the world In general seerns'lo think there's something wrong

with me. I'm not sure I'am strong enough yet to handle the potential hurt.

The ASI’is making news all over Ilrislrrwn called Albany..or at least Aspects is. The road
crew from the Capital edition of I’M Magazine stopped by the newsroom to "intro" a seg-
ment on Dear Abbey. We held our own under the brutal. Wallar'cvvsqnc questioning of

- hosts Sue Jazcrcnski (?) and Allen ’l'affel ("How Would you like a million readersl"). but

we're afraid we lost our' bout with the mint-cam. “liow'd my hair look?" we asked a friend.

"Let's put it this way." he put it. "Airy grcasier and you could have hosted the show."

Also. don't forget to check your copy of yesterday's Knickerbocker News. whose reporter
Ed McMahon clears up a mystery under the headline "CAI’TAIN: “VIC TI-IIZ COI" NOT
ONE OI: ALBANY'S FINEST." The ASI’ slnfl had been swur‘n to secrecy as to 'Vir"s" liliu
identity. but McMahon Is a persistent investigator. Seems (:npf. .loirn Dale read "()n The
Beat" and smelled a rat. who turned out to be the ASP's t'tlllrrt' in chief. who spilled lltL‘
beans on "Vic's" alter ego. Now we know whom Ir- thnnk when Illt' Aspects stuff car gets
towed to Voorheesvllle. If it's not Ioner at the top. it will br- wry soon.

The "Why Are We?" ‘I)epl: Why are we writing like I’mrnr-y Iowlvr all of a sudden?

We'll let you know next week.

‘Til then--

SECOND ANNUAL ROTARY CLUB
- CAREER DAY

The Albany Rotary Club has offered to sponsor the “second annual
Albany Rotary Club Career Day". This career event is a worthwlle opportunity
for SUNYA students to participate in a one day on-the-Iob experience. Here are
)ust'a low of the responses CUE recieved to reaction to last years event:

“it's a real rush getting picked up in a Fleetwood Cadillac"
"I felt I came away with an awareness of what the real business world Is
about."
"I would encourage others to participate to this worthwhile event."
“it provides an excellent opportunity to observe what one might be doing in
the future."
“i enjoyed every aspect of this event."

This year. 31 area professionals and members of the Alabny Rotary
Club have agreed to donate one morning, Apirt tst to the career exploration oi
selected Albany students. This hall-day career venture will take students oil
the campus and Into the community. Each student will spend the morning

observing. Interviewing and Interacting with a local professional, at his place
of business. A wide range of occupations will be represented including:
Business
Banking
Communications
Medicine
Law
Manufacturing
Human Services
Human Resources
Education
Public Administration
Marketing
insurance
Real Estate
Retailing
Public Broadcasting
Management

After a busy morning of 'cxperientiat learning'. students will be treated
to lunch at the Albany Thruway House - courtesy of the Albany Rotary Club.

The Center for Undergraduate Education (CUE) is co-sponsorlng this
event with the Rotary Club. CUE will coordinate the selection of students. In-
dividuals interested In participating may pick up an application at CUE. iIlt ll
out. and return It to CUE no later than March 5. A total of 48 students will be
selected. Selections will be made by a random drawing according to
designated areas of interest. Drawing will take place on March t7.

For. more information contact Dina Malltl at CUE - 7~8331

I

wwwww ,

 

‘v‘ ‘v“‘v~‘ 4; ‘v‘ ‘w‘ “w‘ ‘v‘ “‘ “ A 4‘ 4‘

V‘v‘v‘

4‘

 

 

 

“my...” _ .. o-....... ....-_._........V..-..........,......_ ,... .. , 

" I INTROSPECTlVE - __ 
l - I. , .

 

 

The Boys In The Band brings the
focus on homosexuality this week.
and Aspects responds by talking
with six people for their perspec-
tives on campus life. Plus, a look (rt
Mart Crowley's play in the light of
modern attitudes toward homosex.
unllty. in the Centerfold.

Centerfold

Vic's got the beat again. on thr-
Perspectives page. More news from
our man in Roma. and John Miles
makes his bow with a provocative
column on the proposed budget
cuts.And if anyone's seen "Illrcrt
Dickey.- please let us know.

33

' Robert Bly won the National Book
'  Award. among other things. “is
World Week performance on cam-
‘ ' ‘ pus is assessed. Also. a review of
" singer-poet Ferrari, and a new look
'ut an old movie, House of Wax.
. A review of'l'he Boys In The Band,
i ’l '  which wonders if all the histrionics
are really worth it. Plus a review of
Malling Love. which features Karo

Jackson caught between two lovers.
Michael Ontkean and Harry Hamlin.

A special Tuesday version of
Diversions. with “Eu-ents" and sans
Pudz. Lookfor Spectrum and Almm-
ba again this Friday. as we get back
in gear.

Sa

     

    

----‘

batsman:- mm

" 15am
MARCH Calander of Events 457’7800

Wednesday - 7:30pm

SINGLE PARENTED:
(open to new members)

A SUPPORT GROUP FOR
ADULTS OF DIVORCED OR
SEPARATED PARENTS

WOMENS' (#1) Mon.. 6:30pm - full semester

CONSCIOUSNESS (last date for new members: 2ﬂ2)

352W

(#2) Tues., 7:30pm - full semester
(open to new members)

(#3) Friday afternoons - time and
location to be negotiated with
interested persons.

MENS GAY Mon. March lst. 8:30pm - ongoing
SUPPORT GROUP (interested persons will be contacted
by facilitator)

Mon. March tst, 7:30pm
(one session)

TRAINING MODULE:
MOVING FROM '
GROUP MEMBER To
GROUP FACILITATOR

RAP SESSION:
COPING WITH

Mon. March tst. 8:30pm
g (Co-sponsored with State Quad.)
In conjunction with State Quad activity

 

 

[ -. «a». :..’.

 

 

DIVORCED on .

SEPARATED planning. SQ residents will have tst
PARENTS preference.

MENS OPEN Mon. March 15 (4 weeks)

DISCUSSION GROUP Time and location: T.B.A.
Thurs. March 4th (4 weeks)
Starting time: to DB negotiated
between 5:30pm and 7:00pm

HATHA YOGA for
RELAXATION

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

One
from the car,

One from the
heart

 

Vic The Cop

OK. OK. Enough of the comments
about my last article. This is a free country
and I have a right to say anything I choose
to. even if some of you out there don't like
It (I probably hlt close to home for some of
you and you don't like being told what you
really are. Well. If you can't take the heat.
why don't you get the hell out of the
kitchenl).

Now. the first thing I want to talk about
today is driving In Albany. I know a lot of
you people reading this probably have a
car. When [was a kid. a car was a luxury
that either meant you were. a) rich. and
therefore a tag or. b) doing something
illegal In order to afford the car and no one
wanted to ride around and be seen with a
gangster.

But today. each and every one of you
has to have a car. The JAP from Nassau
County who has her father wrapped
around her pointy little finger. Or the gear
head who )acks up the rear springs with so
many lifters the front grill Is practically
dragging on the street. With so many of
you driving to and fro It screws up the
traffic for the rest of us who live here. You
race up to every stop light and speed
down the narrow side streets like maniacs.

And the parking! My god! I've watched a
real jerk drive aroung the same block for a
half hour looking frrr a parking space on a
'l'uusday night. Finally he parked In a spot
he'd been eyeing all this time. which was
way too close to a fire hydrant but looked
like there was still some distance between
the front of his car and the pulnp.

lwaited until he went into his house
before I slapped the ’25 ticket on his
windshield for obstructing a hydrant.

The second thing I want to talk about is
meant for the few Illil'llitll kids out there. I
know there are a few good eggs that go to
SUNY and I want to tell you about a
personal experience that happened to me.

I have a daughter named Angela. When
she was born. she came out with the sack
over her head and the doctor said it was
good luck when a child is born with a
"halo" so we named her Angela. our
"angel".

Anyway. Angela ran away about two
weeks ago. Don't ask me what happened.

I don't really know. But she called me last
Tuesday night and asked me to come pick
her up. "Daddy. I really want to conre
home but I want to make things different. I
want to be able to talk with you."

Talk! That's what I've been trying to do
for the past sixteen years. But we'd never
seem to connect. I don't think rrf myself as

 

 

 

'.   ll). 1 rv'
l"' 'l'il‘ll'

l. J: ' rr '
Jar-lit! t'tl‘i."’"' ‘
"A.

I

i .,
i

. \ 1i

r
I

-“

‘ I wondered Irow the old friends were

n

being old fashioned or “square . I try and
keep up with the younger generation even
though I get really disgusted by It now and
then.

I’d talk.to her til I was blue In the face
but she‘d never talk back. Now she wants
to come back home to make things new
again. If I had my druthers I would have
hung up the phone right there and then
but. well I told her I'd come out to
Springfield where she was staying with a

Now. the whole moral of this story is to
tell you kids that no matter lrow hard you

It Just can't be done. When that first kid
comes down the tube it's like someone
knocked the wind from your lungs. l was
so Impressed with being a father that I
forgot everything about being firm with my
kids. But no matter how hard I tried.
Angela's eyes sparkled every time I wanted
to yell at her for something she did wrong.
You Just can't be mean when eyes sparkle
back at you.
So. to the good kids out there. watch

out. Kids will be a heartache and a really
‘great deal. The problem Is not to let it get
you down when the bad times are around
and not to get too soft when times are
good.

down. Catch ya next week. Cl

.. I. D.
Weekend
in Napoli

    

Frank Aliberti

 

Jan. 20. I982
Roma
I took an r'arly train back to Rome today
after having a great weekend at my uncle's
house near Naples (Naprrli. as the Italians
call it). He lives in a cairn. serene hillside
town called Ausonla where the major
concern of most residents is making sure
that everyone has a large plate frrll of pasta
with plenty of superb. potent homemade
“vino.” The "winter" weather down here
has bccn perplexing me. It's been sunny
and in the (ill‘le) and the mild weather
relaxed me as I read my “Daily American"
and listened to Jackson Brown on WSEB.
106 FM-Naples (Southern European
Broadcasting-American Forces Radio). My
relaxation. however was interrupted when I
heard about the cold weather back in the
States. Upon reading the temperature
charts. I noticed that the recent cold wave
certainly did not spare N.Y.C. and Albany.

holding out. Were those ferocious winds
still whirling around Mohawk tower? Would
the engine in my idle Buick hack in the

 

 

Bronx start again? How many more cracks

 

 

,.i...r. Inn'nrrtw tr l.r uni

friend from summer camp and pick her up.

plan to be a good. firm parent. sometimes ,

Keep the slriny side up and the dirty side

 

 

I would develop In SUNYA's concrete?
Were my old apartment mates on N. Allen
freezing (or did the cheap landlord finally
put in the Insulation)?

My tralrr was late getting Into Rome
because of the usual Italian strikes. I
stopped by the American Library at the
US. Embassy to look at a recent copy of
the N. Y. Times (only If) days old). There
were plenty of “Carabinierl” (Italian State

. Police) and U.S. Marines in and around
the Embassy. Apparently. they had beefed
up security because a military attache Irad
been killed at the embassy in Paris. The
Red Brigades were also threatening our
Rome ambassador. Maxwell Rabb (they've
already got poor Dozier). l was really
outraged. Americans seem to be the targets
of all sorts of terrorism in Europe. Actually.
I was more upset that the Marines had
cancelled their TGIF party because of all
these problems. It's the only place in town
where one can drink some good old Millers
and Buds (You can only take so much
"Birra l’erorri.").

Tonight. I saw Al Pacino In Dog Day
Alternonn (In Iinglislr) at the l’asquino
theater across the Tiber. They even sold
popcorn there at 1000 Lira a cup (a rarity
In Italian theatres). On the way back to my
apnr'lnu-nt. I stopped by the Vatican. Tire
Pope was out on a “cappucino” break and
so I had to be content In gazing at the
limestone columns of St. Peter's in silent
solitude. lit-fore leaving. I said a prayer for
World peace. I know it sounds corny. but I
rr-ally (lttl. I figured that if a prayer is going
to hr- clfr-rlivu tlnrn this is one place where
it certainly will be heard.

Before retiring tonight. I munclrcd out
on some Skippy super crunchy peanut
butter (made possible by a "connection" at
a nearby US. Navy exchange). I even
experimented by mixing it with Nutella (an
Italian chocolate spread). It tasted like
Krarnrrr's Delicious Mystery Appetizer (I
miss "the lloncyrrrooners"). My Navy
friend informed me of an Interestan fact:
Tire old flagship of the US. 6th Fleet here
In the Meditterranean used to be the USS
Albany! It never fails. There's always a
small reminder of Albany wherever I go. Is
that good or bad? I wonder.l I

Apocalypse

How?

 

Jonathan Miles

 

 

 

Tire trumpet call of the angry young
man is being heard on campus again. The
villains In state government are plotting to
raise dormitory rates. cut faculty positions.
and possibly charge some students for
riding buses. Students are marching in
lockstep. striving to avert the apocalypse
hovering over the podium.

complex than we give them credit for?

Most of us wouldn't want to pay for
something we didn‘t use: It follows that
privileges used only by some students
should be paid for only by them. This Is
the principle underlying the proposed dorm
rate hikes and bus fares. The state and
SUNY have agreed to make dormitories
self-sufficient. meaning the fees paid by
students would cover all the costs. Why
not? Do students living off-campus expect
the school to undenvrite their rent. utilities.
and food bills each month? Why should
the finances of the entire SUNY system be
drained for the sole benefit of those
lucky(?) enough to live on-campus? At a
non~urban school where off~campus
housing Is not plentiful the situation may be
different. but we at Albany would suffer no
grievance.

The same reasoning applies to bus fares.
While the school recognizes a responsibility
to transport downtown dorm residents to
the uptown campus. why should they be
responsible for those who choose off-
campus housing? No other SUNY school
is. and again It Is a school-wide financial
drain which benefits only a segmcnr 'tf the
student population. Isn't It fairer ro ‘rrfl the

 

 

But could the Issues perhaps be more

cost burden to only those who use the
buses?

A larger Issue Is that of inflation. Witi~
each passing year we are paying or r .j,:.
with cheaper. more easily obtainahit
dollars. If our rates are not raised each
year. their we are in fact being given
reduction In our bills. A $150 dorm r
increase would. if we were lucky. )ust
barely be enough to counter Inflation next
year. So as you march and protest to "fight
the lrlke." take comfort In the knowledge
that even If you lose. you win — there will
he no "increase" this year. In fact. If the
state Is serious about making dorms self-
sufficlent. the Increase should be $300 per
semester.

In balance. however. there are policy
questions which we should be expressing
ourselves on. Ever been to Sfony Brook
campus. where dollars grow on trees and
the sidewalks ware paved with gold? For
some reason it has been decided that the
big bucks should go to the four SUNY
Health and Science Centers. which enroll
3.4 percent of the student population. Of
course expenses are high now because the
Stonybrook facility ls still being put
together. but the opulence of the Ta)
Mahal they've built there Is truly startling
(Did they say that about the Albany
campus In its day. though?)

SUNY shouldn't be expanding If it can't
adequately support its existing plant and
faculty. Tire faculty Cuts witnessed here
have been mindless and destructive. and
they affect all students. '

But who's going to raise these questions
of priority if all our student leaders can do
Is march carrying placards reading "Héll.
no. we won't pay?" Maybe if we dispensed
wltl. all the protest rhetoric and formed an
intelligent position we could have some
real Inﬂuence on the budgetary decision-
maklng. Without a doubt the budget-
makers dismiss us as loud-mouthed fools.
and this negative image certainly does
nothing to Inspire them to do anything ‘
positive for SUNY Albany. It's time to put

. aside childish things and take a real look at

the situation -- these times demand It.l:l

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

