   

‘ -h ~.W\_-_

 

 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS N0 VEMBER 23, I982

BuSinessSchoolClaims ‘weeding out’ a myth

 

By Jack Durschlag
stari- ruurur ‘

Students are finding it increasingly dif-
ficult to gain entrance into the Btrsiness
School due to a practice that some call
“weeding out." '

This student-coined term describes a pro-
cess by which business requirement courses
are made especially difficult in order to pre-
vent students with lower grades from bi ing
accepted into the Business Scltool.

However, Assistant to the Dean of the
Business School John Levato called
"weeding oat" an inappropriate term ttnd
an illegitimate concept.

Levato believes some students have the
"ability to be successful at a course wltile
others do not. " ‘Weeded out" implies that
people are selected or singled out," lie said.
adding thrtt “students only compete‘tigainst
themselves."

Levato emphasized this point in a
booklet he authored entitled. Ittft)!‘"ltlllrlll
About Admission and App/it'tllirttt In Ilia
School of Business. in 1978 which 'protides
information to potential Business School
students gaining admittance to the universi-
ty. The booklet. he pointed out. states.
"The selection process is desigrted to select
students with the highest acaderitie poten-
tial In the business or accounting programs.
consistent with the overall itrrolierneiu
limitations."

Business School professor Harold Criti-
non admitted "good students are turtied
away" from the Business School. He blam~
ed SUNY budget cuts for leaving few facul-
ty members available to the students. which
in turn has led to a decrease iii the school's

 

 

 

AMY COHEN UPS

A ' ‘ ‘ to the Dean of the Business School John Lavato
“Slur/anti only compete against Ihentse/ves. "

available seats.

Dean of the Business School. Harvey
Kahaltis. believed students who are turned
away might actually reap hidden benefits by
being denied admission.

Kahalas feels the system makes students
heavily consider whether or not they want
to be business majors. He added that

ATTENTION
CLASS 01: - ’85

Class Council is revising class
constitution
All interested are urged to at—
tend

Monday Nov. 29
9 PM
PATROO LOUGE

 

 

The next issue of the ASP will

 

 

appear on Friday, December 3.
Until then, have a good one and
remember that the final grind
has yet to begin. Oh yea, our
final two issues will be Tuesday,
December 7 and Friday,
December 10.

 

 

 

 

students will look for other options and
keep an open mind about other majors.
Class size in the Business School has
stabilized since an upward trend in enroll-
ment in the l970's, and when Levatojoincd
the university in I978. he set up a new set of
guidelines to get into the Business School
which took effect in the fall of I980.
These guidelines require, in part. that the

student complete five to seven core courses
by the end of their sophomore year Ill-
eltiding three of f0ur Liberal Arts- courses
and two ot' three business courses. and the
imposition of art adjusted grade point
average tg.p.a.).

According to student. Patti Lehmtrlter.
weeding out “definitely exists." He felt
that an adjusted g.p.u. of approximately
J.l leaves very little roortt for error, aird
said intended business majors are Illntin-
dated with pressure to receive high grades.

Levato. a history and literature major in
college, said It's good for students to look
into other majors and things that are in-
triguing to them.

"Students sltould work diligently. take
good courses. and get it good education."
I.L‘VilIO said.

“Students are here for art education. not
for a good grade point average.“ he said.
He added that be strongly encourages Ills
students to take liberal artscottrscs so they
have something to full back on “it they're
not accepted as business majors“ or to use
as a minor.

chato said he tells students who don‘t
get accepted into the Business School that
“it is not the most important thing in your
life" and tltat "with the quality of your
total edticatiori you can be successful in any
career and develop skills and character that
you cart use in any field."

“Regardless of your major.” Luvrrrrt
continued. “and what it is, students have
an opporttrnity for anything they want.
There are a number 0! intriguing and
monvatiag fields good for people iri
business."

 

A

Jan. Q - 1;
$555.00

1gp, 16-21
$179.00

For more info. call:

808 or BRUCE
482-3482

 

MARY ELLEN
438-8975

Make Yo r n tion

mber !

COME SKI WITH THE
ALBANY STA TE SKI CLUB:

STEAMBOAT SPRINGS.
COLORADO

includes everything except food

SUGARDUSH , VERMONT

for 5 1/2 day ski and party week
(transportation by car pool)

AND - FOR MORE SNO W AND FUN:

SKI BRODIE MOUNTAIN'S 6-week
NITE.PROGRAM in Spring Semester

MARK
434-2149

 

 

 

 

.r_ , ., _..s....-.~.r«.w.w@s

NOVEMBER 23. 1982 [It ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

 

Kwanzaa Week

fete

to raise black awareness

 

By Denise Knight

.\I.-|II ll NIThR

 

The Albany State University Black
Alliance is making preparations for their
first annual national Kwanzaa Week
celebration to be held the week of
Nov.30—Dec.4. According to ASUBA co-
ehairperson Marcus Griffith. the objective
of the week of activities is “to increase the
awareness ol' black heritage for all
students." '

The Kwanzaa week according to Griffith.
celebrates the natural harvest ol' the frtiit iii
Africa. “It's an annual tradition and
marks their biggest celebration." he said.

Highlighting the events will be a Nov. 30
speech by four-time Emmy winner and
WABC Eyewitness news anchorman Gil
Noble. lie is al..o the Itost of the award
winning show “Like it Is." Noble has also
made Emmy-winning documentaries on
black personalities stieh as Malcolm X arid
Patti Robeson, and has been instrumental
in filming stories about black lil'c itt
America. His talk will also include the

presentation of the film “Malcolm X."

"It‘s Time to Say Good-bye to Being
Black" will be the topic ot' a 7:30 pm.
presentation by Dr. M. Gerlene Ross on
December l. Ross is currently director of
Albany's Amcga Academy and was
previously chairperson of the now-defunct
Department of Speech at SUNYA.

About her speech. “It's Time to Say
Goodbye to Being Black." Ross said she
will point out that the term black is passe.
“We are a new family of people. we have to
build our own history." she said.

Ross will also discuss the Amega
Academy of Albany. The Academy is it
private seltool started in 198] by a group of“
concerned black parents. "The school,
K-IZ. concentrates oti fantin history. famis
ly principles arid helps students with their
real ideirtity. Parents and senior cililens
work with teachers in a small classroom ctr
vironrnent." Ross said.

lit another scheduled event, tltcrc will be
it panel discussion headed by Donna White
and l.iunita Martinez. ()ne of the topics

 

 

 

 

an

 

will be interracial marriage, according to
Barry Walston of ASUBA. The discussion
will lta\c a question and answer format attd
will be ltcld iii the assembly hall starting at
7:30 p.m.

()u the final day. Saturday Dec. 4. a

semiAt'orrnttI social dance erttitlcd "Kwan-
Iaa L'luistruas Celebration" is to be held in
the Campus ('cutcr Ballroom. All proceeds

from this "sotitil ctcul with El cause will
be donated to the Pan-African (.‘ongrc s.
an anti-apatherd program. I

Water shortage forces early Oneonta vacation

 

By Bonnie (:tilllpIu‘II'

Students at SUNY Oneonta will be going
Ironic early to enjoy art cstcttdetl
'I'hanksgiviug \‘acatiott but residents have to
stay arid battle a severe water shortage that
city officials have declared a slate of
ctncrgeney.

The summer rainfall was very low. arid
area colleges were asked to conserve writer,
explained assistant city engineer Bruno
Brunt. Oneonta mayor James Lettis
declared the drought an emergency on Nov.
[6.

The decision to close SUNY Orteorita was
made by President Carey Brush titrce weeks

before actual closing liriie. resulting irt
classes closing on Nov. It) instead of Nov.
24. “Because of the uncertainty ol' the
suttttttion. I thought tliitigs might get worse
and then we would have to take tttorc
serious measures."

Rumors have been floating around that
school might close for the remainder of the
full term. Brtisli said. but lie doubted that
would happen.

Brush said the closing went quite
smoothly, the only prohicrn being rc-
scheduling of extra-curricular activities. Ar-
rangements to house and fecd basketball
players visiting for a weekend game had to
be made and a pltty was rescheduled.

l’ltctc were \cry few administrative gripes
about the closure, Iitttslt said. its faculty
was warned well iri adtancc of the decision
to close. Student President ('arol (icich
said that students were \cry escitetl to get it
few days off. “especially because they
won‘t have to make it tip." Site cvpltiincd
that the student body was asked to conserve
water through the school paper. The Slalt‘
Times, and other local media.

“As of' Nov. lit otir office directed all car
washes to stop. all people were not allowed
to wash cars and businesses were asked not
It) wttsh equipment." said Iirttni.
Newspapers. radio ttnd tclctisiou stations
all publici/cd the situation.

lip tllIilI riots the college has rttct few
other problems concerning tltc drought. btri
Iiic Itutrre scents uncertain. liturti said that
sittings derived ftttltl the school will be
tlt'lcttllittcd iii a study of the situation.

“Rainfall is the thing that “I” dcterrrtitre
it all. there may be serious trouble ottcc
I'rost hits the ground. ' iiiuni said. He es-
plaiiied that the city i. now pumping water
in from the Susquehanna river. and is in-
testigatiug two possible wells. A fire or a
water main break would cause big pro-
blems. \illtl Brtrni. "it will be costly all
around for students with leases and gradua-
tioti if the problem gets worse."

 

THROW .
A /  0.

h——_——-‘-— _-_

MONDAY-
FRIDAY

459-3100
1375 Washington Ave.

E. _
I
t
l

r I
= 330'
: Special Rate 0 '
I

f'81'r1g1r3 ofDoubIel

wrru coupon..t
LugCHIEON

‘ v «m

you re away. }
rtrcAand they'll help out.

ll'yrui're .i senior rind have the promise tll 1i $10000 tart-erauterus-ti rob. .-\tut-rrt'.in
Iixpress would like to offer you the .‘\lllt‘l'lt'.lll |{\prcss (Lirtl.

\Vhrrt are we?

Crti:y.’

No. confident. (.‘onittlcrit of your future. lint even more llt.tli lli.tt. \\'c'rc
confident of you now. And we're proving it.

A $10,000 joh promise. That's it. No strriius. No utrurnrt Ls. .'\ntl this offer is
even good for L! months tiftcr you graduate.

Bill why should you get the American lispr'csst '.irtl now .'

\Vcll. ii'you'r'e planning .t trip across country or around the world. the
.‘\lllL‘l‘lCtlll lixpres’s‘ ( fttrd is .i real help. (ict plane tickets with it. Then use it for
hotels and restaurants it” over the world. And. rl'\ou should need .tnv help while
rist go to any .‘\tnerie.in Express Travel Service Office" wherever you

gﬂélg‘i
Soupge
Sandwich

—————_—-—-‘

.99

Ha]
‘ 1a
Spec Luau-ego _

F————_—

' 5% OFF

 

 

i BANQUETS

WW5“: - -W'T J

 

Of'cotirsc. rhc (lard also helps you esttihlish your credit history. .-\nd it's great
for restaurants and shopping right .it home.

So fill in the totrprrn below and :‘sruericunszprcss will send you .i bpccittl
Student Application right away. along with ti free handbook thtit hits everything
you need to know tthout credit. Or just look for tin .ipplictition ill your college
hookstorc or on campus bulletin boards.

The American Express Card. Don't leave school without it.“'

7 rm ' v '— I’Icast- st-ntl tttt' a Sr ' [Student .‘\ \plitatittlt .1

for the Arnertcart Impress L‘.trtl .itt. litt' tree I
Credit II-ItItIIttIttIt.
.\I.tiI lItINtttttltrtli rs; |
.-\tiieric.irt Ii\prt-ss L‘onipatu I
I’.U. Ilm ‘52 I. Madison Square Station

New York. New YttrL Il‘t‘lt‘ I

l \ .rrrr»

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

Ilrm- \.l.lr... r 7

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

