  

    

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

I t was late summer. 1973. Gas'was 37 cents a

 

gallon. the Meis were making a stupendous com-

eback only to gag in the World Series. 1 was on the
verge of Junior High. and Patti McCartney and Wlngs had
released a new album. Band of the Run. it was destined to
become one of. if not the best solo albums that he had ever
done. Now it's spring. 1982' Gas is $1.15 a gallon. the
Mets are on the road to recovery. i‘m on the verge of
unemployment. and Paul has released a brand new solo ef-
fort. titled Tug of War. While not being the best of his solo
endeavors. it shows that he is still very much the Master
nirisigliland composer. '

Robert Schneider

To list the biography of Paul McCartney would be redun-
dant. To list his accomplishments would be eternal. The
* man has had enough achievements for 100. in case you've
forgotten ——- in addition to being a former member of the
Fab Four. lie‘s recorded it) solo albums with and without
Wings. All of them have gone gold. with the 5 most recent
being certified platinum. Aside from being a prolific writer
and performer. he's an enormously wealthy man. His
ntusic publishing company. MPL. owns the rights to the
music from shows like A Chorus Line and Grease. His an-
iiual Income could rescue the US. economy'. and on top
of this. he may get back the rights to his early Beatles songs
by buying Northern Songs. On top of this. the newly
discovered Beatles songs (the BBC tapes). can only in-
crease Beatles popularity. And now he has a new album.
Tug of War one destined to do very well. This is the first
new record since the dismal McCartney ll.

Believe it or not. Paul turns 40 this month. He's a
devoted family man. married to Linda for 13 years now.
and the eldest (by marriage) of his 4 children could be a
sophomore in college now. He's an intensely private man.
especially since the murder of John Lennon. With Tug 0/
War however. he seems to wairt to return to the active life.
musically at least. He certainly shows signs of diversity In
terms of musical input. for he has gotten support from
Stevie Wonder. Michael Jackson. Carl Perkins. and ex-
Beatle Ringo Starr. Also. former Beatle producer George
Martin produced this one. and his no-iioiiseiise style per-
vudes the entire album iro-nonsense style pervades the en-
tire album

The album was recorded on the Caribbean island of
Montserrat. and in London. Actually. enough material was
recorded for two albums. and the segments with Michael
Jackson may appear on o -l.iter album. or even on
Jackson's next effort All these contacts show that Paul is
indeed serious about this return to music. The whole album
can be likened to John Lennon's Double Fantasy. in that
both are well done. serious .rttciiipts by artists who try to
prove that they're still creative musicians. It's a damn
shame that Lennon died. obvious reasons aside. for had he
lived it seems likely that the two geniuses may have lent
helping hands to each other.

Paul. with Tug of War. deinoltshes any rumors that his
voice is shot. On several tunes. notably "Ballroom Danc-

Sword—id

I cry often. when a “major movie
trend" becomes apparent.
shrewd B-movie producers try to

 

Richard (which sounds all too-familiar
already). Richard has been deposed by an

   

 

    

 

Class War: McCartney hits the right key in latest
album.

 

trig." the beautiful and powerful voice of McCartney covers
a large range. and still has enough strength left to hit the
screamers with ease. i don't think he'd survive "Long Tall
Sally." but he can still sing.

Without a doubt. Paul.is an extremely gifted musician.
Tlits is especially evident on “'l'he'f’ound is Sinking. off side
two. which by the way. is a slightly better side. Although
he isn't credited. it almost sounds like George Harrison
playing acoustic at the'very beginning of the song. The
guitar follows Paul's vocals well throughout the entire song.
Album-wide. the guitars are very good. Denny Latne. a
former Wings-mate of Paul's. plays guitar on 4 songs. and
bass on one. Even George Martin plays electric piano on a
couple.

Carl Perkings has been associated with Paul ever since
the Beatles worked with him in Britain in the early 60's;
with the Beatles eventually doing one of his tunes.'“l‘loney
Don't." The writer of "Blue Suede Shoes" appears on this
album. singing a duet. written by Paul called “Get It“
Muslclly it sounds like a lionky tonk in El Paso on a Satur-
day night. it's quite imaginative. and plays well. with
Perkins on electric and Paul on everything else. Lyrically. it
has Perkings describing the ebb and flow of popularity:
"Once I had a little Spanish guitar. The neighbors told me I
could go pretty far. Well 1 came and 1 went. and my guitar

  

got bent." Despite a bent guitar. Perkins manages to laugh
clear into the next song.

Much has been made of the McCartney/Wonder relation-
ship. Clearly. Paul admires and respects Stevie and i'm
sure' those feelings are reciprocated. Suffice to say that
these are two legends. whose appearance on this album
will leave more demanding listeners high and dry. Maybe
the other album that was recorded contains a better in-
terplay. On this one. two songs are done together. “What's
That You're Doing" and "Ebony and ivory." The latter has
been enjoying success on the charts. and listening to it tells
why. it is a plea for racial harmony. sung in beautiful liar-
mony. Wonder plays his usual synthesizer and electric
piano. but surprisingly. also the drums. if the two continue
to work together. even better quality songs will be the
result. ‘

As for the other song. it sounds like Paul was out playing
with his kids when it was recorded. it’s totally Stevie
Wonder. and just not that good. Chances are. however.
that It will get a good deal of airplay on disco/soul stations
this summer. Hopefully. twu pros like these will produce
more consistently good material in the future.

Aside from the disappointing Harrison song “All Those
Years Ago." popular last summer. Paul has one song
dedicated (at least lyrically) to John Lennon. and several
other cryptic references to the Beatles on this album. At first
glance “Here Today" seemed like a tribute to some lost
girlfriend. but upon closer inspection it reveals itself as a
memorial to John. Taken as such. the lyrics are quite
touching. “And if 1 say i really loved you. and was glad you
came along then you were here today. for you were in my
song. Here Today."

Some of the Influence that Wings had on Paul shows
even now. like on the title track. "Tug of War." with Its
strange sounds at the beginning. along with a full orchestra
later. The Beatles are here too. with Ringo doing an un-
noteworthy job on “Take it Away."

“Dress Me Up as a Robber" is a chic. sunny song that
sounds like it could have been recorded on the French
Riviera. Strange as it may sound. this number bears a
strong resemblance to an obscure Kenny Rogers piece call-
ed "Graybeard." Oh no. not another p'artnershlp?!l

There surely is a silent partner on this album. and he or
she plays the horns. On no less that 3 songs are distinct
horns heard with no mention of who played them. Either
some poor bloke got shafted. or it's just Paul being modest
again. Another mystery concerns the cover picture: when
was it taken? Paul looks to be about 30 on it. There are
rumors that the McCartney mane has grey in it. No matter
what color his hair is. Paul's a young man.

With Tug of War. Paul clearly re-establtshes himself as a
heavyweight on the current scene. Some would maintain
that he never was gone. but his past two albums swear that
he was. This one is already doing well. probably due to less
informed listeners snapping up copies of an album for one
song. in this case "Ebony and ivory." What ensures this
albums longevity is the fact that 75 percent of the songs are
really good. and the'others aren't half bad. Welcome back.
Paul. [1)

 

 

get a jump on the big studios. For about the
last year. Hollywood has been getting ready
to flood the market with "sword and sorcery"
fantasy epics. Despite the~ fact that the first
excursions into this more or less uncharted
territory. Excalibur and Dragonsloyer. didn't
exactly knock the top off the box office
charts. it's been widely assumed that the all-
important adolescent audience is going to
(lock to these films eventually.

7 _With what they cost. the
Jim Dixon

in any event. [he Sword and the Sorcerer

is an independently produced. low-budget
attempt to beat out Universal's big-budget
Conan the Barbarian. which is due out in
June. For those unfamiliar with the “sword
and sorcery" school of fantasy. these stories
have elements in common with both J.R.R,
Tolkein's Lord of the Rings trilogy and Star
Wars. A dashing. macho hero (who is in-
evitably good with a broadsword) fights his
way across some mythical. unknown period
of Earth history. usually. in some combina-
tlon to depose a tyranncal king, retrieve a
stolen talisman or rescue a beautiful heroine
Certainly The Sword and the Sorcerer
owes more to Star Wars than to Tolkeir).,The
hero. Talon. is the son of a good ‘King

  

Psess

 

 

 

evil monarch named Cromwell (played by '

Richard Lynch. who plays villains all the
time on TV) who used the sorcery of an evil
demon to overcome Richard's armies. What
sort of enchantment exactly was used the
special effects budget doesn't allow us to see.
Grown to manhood (he was a boy when his
father was murdered). Talon is now a
mercenary. Quite conveniently. he and his
men arrive back in the old neighborhood
as Cromwell is about to. A.) force a beautiful
princess (Kathleen Beller) to marry him. and
B.) crush a rebellion of which the princess is
one of the leaders. (if you need a “C"). the
demon whom Cromwell doublecrossed after
he took over the kingdom. is actually leading
both the rebellion and Cromwell into a trap
so he can take over for himself.)

While the plot is an obvious rip-off. if the

dialogue wasn't so hoplessly bad the story _

might make a fun movie. Not a good one
mind you. just fun. We might even forgive
the fact that Lee Horsley. who stars as
Talon. looks suspiciously like Harrison Ford.
and that the musical score is trying very hard
to sound like Raiders of the Lost Ark.
There's so much action (though much of it is
badly staged). what with beads being split
open. faces being pushed into grlndstones.
hearts being magically ripped out. tongues

u blown 9% l‘FClil'iii‘r engine Settings

ciubblngs. eueryone trying to rape the

 

The independents strike first: Lee Horsley and Kathleen Seller in The Sword
and the Sorcerer.

princess. people being set on fire and the
like. that you can't be bored. (lll. maybe.)

Did i mention that this particular subgenre
lends itself easily to an R-rating?

Aside from the bad writing. The Sword
and the Sorcerer suffers badly front ecommlc
anemia. While some of the special effects.
though gruesome. are effective. for the most
part the film is cheap and looks it. There is
no consistancy in sets. costumes. or even
locale. The village looks like it's somewhere
In the mldeast — stock footage of Catro‘ll do
that to you everyttme — while the castle

Vilol‘o‘ks medieval’and very European. it too is
stock footage: in'fac't 'tt' lobks’ very'rn'u'ch'ltk‘e

. W._Mwm.w._ “an...
m—«mmwuwnw‘wm

out-takes from Ivanhoe —- the original
Ivan/roe. The footage is so color-faded that it
has to be at least twenty-five years old.
in short. the makers of The Sword and the
Sorcerer left no store unturned in a relentless
struggle to make one of the least imaginative
movies anyone has ever seen. In addition.
they've broken new ground in corner-
cuttlng. Not only is the movie short and
cheap. even emotional relationships have
been cut to the bone. Han Solo and lndiana
Jones. whatever their original motives for
bailing out their princesses. eventualy
managed to fall in love with them. Talon set-
tles for a one-night stand. With aB-movie
'beabty‘ltke'Kathle'en B'eller'. that's brass.‘ ‘ D

. .—

r

 

—_—r
“__w

egardless of the fact that this is its
second year as "Celebration". the
memory of Mayfest still dominates

many people's minds as they recall the wide.
open atmosphere of that yearly ritual.

Debbie Millman

Nevertheless. the University Concert
Board (UCB) President Dan Poztn said
"ticket sales reached 5.000 by last Tuesday."
and Celebration '82 organizers anticipate
ticket sales of close to 10.000 by Friday.
While UCB doesn't anticipate any
decrease in attendence from last year. the

. prediction for tomorrow's event is significant-

ly lower than the 18.000 that (locked the
outdoor concert in 1980.
For the event's first seven years. at—

- tendence was unrestricted and there were

relatively few regulations enforced on those
who came to the event for air afternoon of
music in the sun. From 1972 to 1980 at»

"a". tendence tripled from 0.000 to 18.000.

However. following Mayfest '80. some
SUNYA administrators felt that the music
and sun lovers attending the event had
become unruly and out of control. Actors
ding to the UCB organizer Bruce Deegari.
"the event was somewhat out of hand "
Deegan pointed out that there were prtr
blems with toilet control as University
facilities were overused and some were
destroyed. Deegan explained that Dean of
Student Affairs Neil Brown told Maylest
Organizers that either they change the store
ture of the event or it would be cancelled.

During the summer of 1980. Brown met
with former UCB President Dave Montanaro
several times in an attempt to restructure
Mayfest. Montanaro and Brown came up
with a proposal which included regulations
now enforced — the enclosed concert. ticket
policy. police security and. most obviously.
the name change. After approval from
SUNYA officials. Mayfest was rechristianed
"Celebration."

University reaction to this change was
varied. Peter Lev. presently on the UCB staff
felt. "There was animosity on the. part of the
students." whereas Pozin felt that. "The
main thing people were upset about was that
the name of the event was called ‘Celebra-
tion' instead of 'Mayfest."' Some students
coined the event "Fencefest" in disgust. But

averse 

  
     
  
  
  
 
  
  
   

looking back on Celebration ‘8]. Pozln felt
that "the fence did not dampen the event —-
it was simply there for the students' protec-
tion." This year's concert policy is identical
to last year's. Pozin and the UCB submitted a
proposal to the upper administration asking
that this year's "Celebration" be changed
back to “Mayfest” but the request was
denied. According to the administration the
name “Mayfest” implied as free and uncon-
trollable show where as "Celebration" Im-
plied a calmer atmosphere.

Nevertheless. Pozin and the UCB worked
hard in providing a great show. The UCB
agency. Monarch Entertainment Bureau.
lnc.. tried to get a good diversity of music
Working with agents representing the bands
that would be in the Albany area on May 1.
Monarch strove to get a big name band. The

lock 0

<» . ...._.__

    

n Saturday afternoon. three bands
0 will lug their equipment onto the

stage near the gym and entertain
SUNYA for Celebration '82. The headliners.
Squeeze. need little if any introduction. With
five albums out and a sixth in the can.
Squeeze is one of the most successful British

Waldman Two

eiidy Waldman has been in the
music business for over fifteen
yers. She has been in a group

with Karla Bonoff. Andrew Gold and Kenny
Edwards and she has toured with Linda
Ronstadt. She has made six albums and got-
ten rave reviews froin publications as diverse
as the New York Times and Rollirrg Stone.
However. until now Wendy Waldman has
never had a nationwide single released and
she still is not aftagrﬂ

Mark Rossier
“smmig'EWIEH'ingiasr point. in a re-
cent phone interview. after I told her how
much i admired her new album Which Way
to Main Street. she said. "I really appreciate
it. It's going to be a real grass roots move-
ment. the success or failure of this record "
Rarely are performers this open about their
lack of coiiii‘nercial success. but openness
seems to be one of Wendy Waldman's most
endearing qualities.

Waldman is fairly philosophical about the
fact that stardom has avoided her since her
first album. Llltit' fftiS (lot Me. was released
when she was 22. "I love livtng." Sltt' said.
"and to be honest. if 1 had it hit record at 2'21
wouldn't have lived to tell the tale. I don't
think i would have survived. [don't think or
tistically 1 would have grown.

"1 really needed those hard times." she
continued. “‘to make me work harder on my
art and myself. and I can't complain. And
even if i don't have a hit record. 1 sure do like
this record and I sure do like what I've

 

L becomeirj (hp. prpcess‘ wllitcliIinalteslingr dif— ' ‘ e t ' . h I V I I I e I
' ' iiilit‘i-i‘ili.it’r‘fi.‘.ll"?.lt‘.‘i"l.“itill‘iit‘glﬂi‘t‘i'll? Bards

' icrssi.italiciiisnrsiii'srt earmarkthiritluilw

music business."

Despite this philosophical and rather
mature outlook on tame. the 31-year-old
singer has no intention of becominga martyr
to stardom. "I think I'm ready and of course i
want it." she explained. “But if it (Main
Street) doesn't become a platinum record
immediately I'm not going to go into another
four year depression. 1'" say. ‘Okay. what's
life going to throw at me next?"'

Waldman's outlook may read as phoiiey
or self-protective. but it is. rather the result of
a four year depression. In 1978. after six
years and live albums. Waldman asked to be
released from her contract with Warner

“I can come out
more than a lot of

  

 

  

 

 

\NM$-u~nr—u~ “m”,

Toots and the Maytals. and Flock of Seagulls
(the opening band touring with Squeeze).
Other bands the UCB was discussing until
plans fell through were .38 Special. Joan
Jett and The Jam. Spending 520.000 on the
music. the money is being divided the
following way: $15,000 for Squeeze.
$4.000 for Toots and the Maytals and
$l.000 for Flock of Seagulls. According to
Pozin. $15000 is the going rate for a band
of Squeeze's reputation.

Putin and the UCB feel confident that. as
long as there Is good weather. the show will
be successful. As for police protection. UCB
member Steve Lichtenstein joked that they
would be “mean and tough." Poztn insisted
that the police would just be."hanging out
and enjoying the show."

Though it is no longer a community event.
l’ozin feels along with Graduation anti
'l'elethoii. "Celebration '82" will be one of

the few enjoyable events that brings this'

school together.

f What?

.. / ll” 

imports in todays choosy American music
scene. By virtue of their summer '81 hit
"Tempted" arid their mixture of fine lead
vocals and music. humorous lyrics and per-
sonable stage presence. Squeeze should
please even those unfamiliar with their
music.

Brothers. Artistic differences. a euphemistic
cliche that actually applies in this case. arose
when she began incorporating more rock in-
to her music than the company fell comfor-
table with. l'ltfl‘ sytle was changing; she was
growing iii new directions and she felt.
"There was too much history between us to
make a new start "

Additionally. she didn't think Warner was
promoting her or her albums as ftrlly its they
could.

She left just as Strange (,‘orripariy had
made the New York Times Ten-Best List
and Waldinan was sure she "had the world
by the tail." She was wrong. As she put it.

and .talk about issues
women rockers.”

 

mainly that to her symphonic. (tcrﬁliwliit’ﬁ‘
quo hastI she had to add. "stare right ahead
stuff" like "Heartbeat." the .rlbinn's first
single

Willllllltlll thinks llllll "l‘lL’titlbUiil" is .r
“powerhouse rocker" that's unusual for
women because it's mainstream rock and
roll. She clrrrrfied by saying. “When I say
IllriliiSli'L’tllll rock. i think of Bob Seger.
(ltlltt’ﬁls. the Who illl(l Bruce Springsteen.
Arid \Ullill they have in common is that
they're great songwriters."

She continued. "We've yet to see the
great. w'onjeirwi‘pcl't writer. 'Wtirnen have

"Nobody wanted to touch filL' " after unsuc-
cessfully looking for another record deal. she
tlL’t‘ttlt'tl to by and establish herself as a
songwriter

ller coiiiiiieicnrl higlipoiiit .is a writer was
the inclusion of two songs (both ctr-written
with liric Kat) on l\'lltt (.‘riities' Mistaken
identify album 'l'liL'ii. suddenly. she was of-
fered a deal with Epic Records. She was sur-
prised. even shocked. but she accepted
gratefully.

But Epic got a different Wendy Waldman
than the one who turned out soft. California
rock albums for Warner. l'ler years as a song

""r'vt'ii'er 'ir‘ali' i‘irtiai'u i'ié'r 'il - liltin'b'er 'ftf restarts,
"‘i' --“l' " ’Jl (alli‘Ji- Lir'r'r's'r‘i I'Ell'tld'fll)

fifty person board finally selected Squeeze;

Toots and the Maytals are a bit more
obscure than Squeeze but no lessene-
compttshed. In popularity and musicianship.
they remain near the top of the list in the
always-growing reggae music scene. It you
haven't heard of them. or haven‘t had much
exposure to this brand of music. Mr. F.
Toots thbert and company will open your
ears to this infectious beat. , '

So the major question behind Celebration
'82 remains: Woe is Fiock'of Seagulls?

The opening band for Saturday's show is
one of the front-runners of the new
synthesizer-based sound that is sweeping
music at this time. They are best known for
their single “Telecommunication" which at
one poliit held the top spot on the US. na—
tional (lance-rock charts. This single is
representative of their style — colorful
keyboards combine with eiiergettc vocals
and lyrics written with a twist of science fic-
iion

Flock of Seagulls has toured with such
bands as Psychedelic Furs. Altered Images
and the olieady mentioned Squeeze Their
popularity in the United Kingdom led to a
recording contract in I980 In the United
States they are handled by Arista records
and seem to be heading toward the positive
side of the success scale. based on then abili-
ty to turn a musical phrase better than most
syntlr-bosetl bands

l"tifiiil‘tl three years ago by
guitarist voralist keyboardist Mike Score.
the lhliitl after a series of iillitl'l'foS ~
formed .r winking relationship with Bill
Nelson Nelson. the former leader of Be-
Bop lielust--turned-record pro-
ducur/independent label owner. produced
the band's first single. "Talking." on his
Cocteau lolwl This increased the U K de-
mand for the band (Score. and Frank
Mauilsley on bass and vocals. Paul Reynolds
on lead guitar and Ali Score on drums) and
lend to their first major record deal with
(loiirestic lain-l Jive Records. '

Songwriting is done by all four members of
the band and the best indication of their
talents is their recently released. sellstitled
12-inch The record includes "Teleconr
niunicalioii" and their new single "1 Ron."
Under the direction of new producer Mike
l-lowlett. Flock of Seagulls has released an
album which is worth checking Into.

The message here is: don't show up to
Celebration '82 late Wake up a bit earlier
and don't miss one of the leaders in the trend
in popular music today. You won't be disap-

pointed .
—Rob Edelateln

or through the friirges of new wave or heavy
metal. birt no one's shootin' right down that
middle road. yet."

The closet woman to do it she feels is
Chrisse llyiide of the Pretenders. who
W-lldlitrlll thinks “has come up with things
that are so great they are unclassifiable. male
or female. rock or pop or whatever."

Waldmaii. quite rightly. thinks that most
female rock singers. “identify more with rock
than with themselves."

However. Waldman has too much iii-
vested "in herself" to do that. Jokes about
the leather jacket she sports on Main Street's

cover aside. she says. "You put my record ,

on. it's talking about life. i may be \wtuiirg a
leather jacket. but i made sure to say. "i run a
women.' am soft. I hurt. but i can also be
very hard. l have a lot on my mind and i
want to talk about a lot of things in my music
because i am basically it songwriter and that's
what I tlrrirk i can contriutc to irioiirsti’errin
rock and roll lcan come out and t it about
issues more than a lot of women r '.\.‘l\ "
She deliberately wanted to moi-n Wlnclr
WotI to Moin Street a concept albuii  .ruse
it is not Snii‘l‘lltlitg that has beei tilt? in
worrieii's inn-.ri'. The album is (liiti'
of ways rtitt' ii succeeds brilliantly 'Ili every
cout. Wrililliiitil must surely be tooth-d as
one tif‘gtt.‘ piiriie innovators of lllt noinun's
rock n'ioveiiiuiii But that is not to say she is
a dull. lltt‘i iit'tical strategist. Slit) makes
music that is vibrant and accessible ﬁnd an
absolute joy to listen to. The rock and roll
genergtion of the fifties has grown up and
with people like Wendy Waldman leading
the pack. he in dition they grew up with will
mm“: gulf J.‘ ‘Ir'i l? 294'." 't. .r i‘ .,i :1 it]
.tfiirll hot-ti, u it. one mli .ri .iiolnT limit

-n iloi

T

- -- s- unu- .. . _,

 

 

 

 

