 

 

.,,.

 

: 

 

 

 

 

E*'D

   

 

 n r7

A  L 

 

Pulling the strings

here‘s a saying to the effect that whoever holds the

I purse strings holds the power.

The budget process — the way the purse is ar-
. SUNY Central's Office of
Bustness and Finance has put together a budget that is pro-
bably the most self-destructive financial document that of-

ranged —- has just begun.

flee has ever written.

lit the past. the budgets SUNY has sent to the Division of
Budget and the Legislature have been ambitious atid

positive. reﬂecting the promise of the SUNY concept. But
this budget cuts back the SUNY system when it needs to be
expanded. and it reduces the diversity of the system's
smaller colleges when their diversity is most needed.

The budget proposal accepts that SUNY enrollment
should and will decline. This is just plain wrong. With the

cats in ﬁnancial aid and present economic bad times. the
demand for low-cost public higher education has never
been greater. More and more prospective students are be-
ing turned away by SUNY universities and colleges every
year. especially this year. SUNY has also become increas-
ingly popular with non-traditional returning students. The
DOB enrollment estimates. on which the state university
based its budget. are too low. Just when the central ad-
ministration is trying to reduce enrollment. it should be fin-

ding ways to accomodale more students.

The budget request is also increasing the funding for
SUNY‘s medical centers at the expense of the colleges.
Each of the arts and sciences colleges has art individual mis~
siori — it special purpose no other college fills. These in-
stitutloiis are beginning to be phased out by the budget re-
quest in favor of the university centers and medical centers.
This centralization runs counter to one of the beauties of
SUNY ~ its diversity.

The dorm retits will again be raised in the proposed
budget. In l978-79 it cost $750 to live in a dorm. In
1983-84 it will cost $l.330. This 77 percent itiercase — in
the name of self-sufﬁciency — is drastically raising the cost
of attending school with little benefit for the student. At
least. if the dorms are to be financially self-sufficient — 'ts
SUNY plans — students should have control over how the
dorms are run. As things stand. students will be footing the
entire bill for domitories with no control over how the
money is spent.

This budget clearly is part of a trend by the state to
lessen its cornmittment to SUNY. In 1974-75. state funds
paid for 88 percent of the state university's operating ex-
penses. Last year that dropped to 72.8 percent.

It is vital - especially this year — that students organize
against the budget. With a new governor coming into of-

fice. iits important that we show that SUNY is a priorit «r

the citizens of this state. A strong showing against in0
regressive budget will demonstrate to the new cXcL‘ttflyc is
be it Cuomo or Lehrmari — that students are a politic 1
force and that they back a healthy university, The Divis‘ n
of Budget and its tackles in SUNY Central must l)t' it Ion
that we think their budget stinks. If students tintte still}:
issue now. before the budget is mired in the lvgisldltllt' n.-
can reverse the state's trend of cutting SUNY. .trid ‘ll‘ui
btiildittg it again. ‘

There‘s going to be an organizing meeting to pin” up"...
tion to the budget tonight at 7:30 pm in LC 14, It'll L’l\t'1|\
a chance to organize before the tiicctiitg Wednesday rrtotrt-
ing when the Board of Trustees will decide whether to r...
ccpt the budget. A few hundred students irt tltrtr tllt‘t‘llllg
room lll SUNY Central at 8:00 am Wednesday will iL'l tllc
Trustees know that this budget is IIDI what SUNY “milk or
needs.

If we let our power be known. we can get a say met the
purse. The students cart pull the strings.

a g .

Today's story on the btidgct may seem ti bit lopsided ~—
we couldn't get anyone in SUNY Central to talk to it».
They wouldn't even return our phone calls. We realire ihttt
bureaucrats in the largest university system in the ctltlllil)
can get rather busy -— they were iii “meetings” all tho. l)th
if they won't talk to tis. there's not much we can clot.

In their budget. the administrators downtown llillt'
shown that they're not responsive to studctits' needs. We
learned yesterday they're not responsive to the \Illtlt'tlls'
press. either.

 

C

 

O L U

M N

 

 

eated in absurdity

'This past Wednesday I trekked down to Flushing. along

With hundreds of other SUNYA students. to see the Who.
The strange thing is. I honestly can't say I saw them. Oh
yeah. I deﬁnitely had the right stadium. After all. I‘m one
of the lucky few that have the priviledgc of residing in
Flushing year round. It was obviously the right night. With
the football strike. 70.000 people aren't a common sight at
Shea. No. Kareem Abdul~Jabaar was not sitting in front of
me. To put it simply. my seat was on the mezzanine level
and the Who played on a stage set tip in deep ceritcrficld. I
might as well have examined ants all night because I never
could have told the difference. It also would have been
cheaper. However. if someone had asked me trade my
ticket for their field one. I would have replied with an eni-
phatic “No way." You see. I have this strange fetish about
living and the field at Shea seemed eerily reminiscent of"
a concert I‘d heard about a couple of years ago. It was held
in Cineinnatti.

 

Madelyn Levy

 

 

 

After the fiasco in December I979. one would believe
that the managements of all large arenas and stadiums as
well as the people who play in them. had learned their
lesson. It became tragically apparent that fateful December
night that festival seating (or standing) and crowds don't
mix. Why then. is it repeatedly allowed to occur? Where are
the laws needed to prevent stadiums from putting people in
these precarious situations? Why. in this supposedly civiliz-
ed world.lare people treated like cattle?

One reason. perhaps. is the typical attendcr of these
events. Quite often. he/she is under 18. No one at this sen-
sitive age believes in his/herown mortality. They don't care
what they go through, as long as they see the group or
event. Even if minors did vocalizc their complaints. no one
pays much attention. They are children. to be seen and not
heard. The former is often not even done. as evidenced at
the Who concert. Cops looked the other way when kids

jumped over the seats and rc'i onto the field with their arms
stretched out in victory. Great job guys. Perhaps this
was a major reason why there were 25,000 people on this
field instead of the anticipated I2.000. This Occurs at all
concerts and functions. Where is the manpower necessary
to prevent this from happening? This should be the number
one priority for the management of all stadiums. As a
crowd gets larger. it usually gets rowdier and more violent.
People get very irritable when their nose is in someone‘s
neck and an elbow has made a permanent home in their rib-
cage. How can anyone realistically expect a jam-packed
crowd to remain calm? It's impossible. At the Who con-
cert, the crowd was packed worse than a SUNYA bus at
9:00 AM. Everyone kept pushing forward. Roger Daltrey
kept asking the crowd to move back. Can you imagine?
"O.K. everyone. at the count of 3 pick up your left leg and
move It one foot back. all 25.000 of you!" The security
people‘at ailments should anticipate problems like this

earlier and come up with a solution. They should take the
measure necessary to keep a crowd under control and the
proper size. An obvious answer to this is reserved seating.

Festival seating has never been truly successful. Another
event that could have been avoided was the fatal stabbing
of ti concertgocr at the Rolling Stones' concert at Alla-
triont. Rather than choosing official police. the Stones
liiicd llcll's Angels. who lived tip to their reputation. The
Stones Ill effect masterminded this tragedy by deciding to
haven known group cotitrol :1 Stories“ audience. known for
its ruwdincss. It turned into a deadly nightmare. Had the
managetiient sat down and cottic tip with a realistic security
and settling plan. Altnmont would be remembered only for
its music. The only way to assure safety. especially with top
names like the Who and the Stories. is to issue reserved
scaling tickets. Somehow. events lose their excitement when
you have to wait on line for four liotirs in any kind of

 

weather just to make sure you get a decent seat or positron.
Reserved seating makes anything more enjoyable hectitnt‘
you can get there when you like. know whether or not to ht-
ing binoculars and not ltave anything squeezed llltll's rtot
supposed to be. Lawmakers should seriously constder b.trt-
ning festival seating. A person can be killed by \tllllc‘tlllc
wrth a gttn. A person can also be murdered by people and
their feet. that is. trampled to death. What is the difference
that imikes one receive severe punishment but lets the tilllt‘l
go scot-free?

The Who‘s concerts. which I've repeatedly used (Is m-
amples. are not the only examples. They symbolire Illt' .tb-
St‘l'fdl‘ly of festivals because of the eleven tlt‘itllh .tt
Cincinnati. which were given immense media coverage. .\|l
performers are guilty of the same thing when they rtliou
lestival seating. They are courting disaster. and slitmitttr no
respect to their fans. as fans and as people. I

 

PUBLIC wam‘g

s
i
lk

/

 

 

Know WuaT Tile A Genres

LaWYeR— ecONoMiSF-

 

 

' l
WHo comes amass 
a5 a ReeuLoR t
KIND OF GUY;

 

 

a coMpa55tonaTe
MaN WHora
WiLLiNG To TRaDe
DeaTtl WiTt-t

THe Russxtes.

 

 

a RoTHLesg
BacKROoM DeaLeR
oF 6850mm
HONeSTY aND
iNTesRlTY.

 

 

 

STQJN'BI 1
W300} MM. 3

WMSMe

 

 

 

 

 

news. NEA

 

 

 

 

L .EE

"st ~ ‘ -:,.
 H T in"; E 
I

B

 

 

 

 

Aspects of God

To the Editor:

Ms. Millman raises a series of significant and difficult

“questions in her recent editorial reﬂections on the existence

ofGod and the ugly realities of our world (Editor's Aspect.
October IS).

Site is not alone. There many of us within the campus
ommunity who share her pain. her doubts. Iicr desire for
some sense of certainty. The issues are not easily resolved.

 

' Satisfactory answers are hard to come by.

This is particularly true when we struggle alone. Saint

1Teresa. mystic and sometime wit of the western catholic

radition. is credited with the observation that. “The best

' vay to know God is to frequent the company of his

friends."
Chapel House Interfaith Center offers that sort of op»

- portunity. Secluded in the stand of pines at the south end of

i the up-lown campus. Chapel House provides both it selling

for and communities with which to continue to wrestle with

:the God question.

Inquiries about available programs. services. and oppor-
tunities for prayer are always welcome. Stop by or call
489-8573.

~—Clirlstopher George lloyer
Lutheran Carrtptrs Pastor. Chapel House

jSC-Hillel’s reasons

To the Editor:

Although JSC-Hillcl certainly believes in free speech and
the presentation of different and alternate viewpoints. JSC-
Hillel does not endorse the upcoming lecture by Rabbi Meir
Kahanc. JSC-Hillel does not believe that it is beneficial to
use the public forum to incite passions. especially in light of
a delicate issue such as the current situation iii Israel and
Lebanon. Such an issue requires careful dialogue. not
radical and hard line approaches.

It should be noted that JSC-Hillcl did sponsor a lecttirc
by Rabbi Meir Kahanc two years ago. which proves that it
is not shying away frorii presenting various viewpoints.
However. given the tense time that we find ourselves in

' now. JSC-Hillcl has decided to edticatc the SUNYA com-

munity in a responsible. calm manner by bringing to cam-

pus several programs addressing tlie current situation in the

Middle East which serve to cdify and educate students in a
carefully managed method.

—-Rebeceu Gordon

Director. JSC-Ht‘I/e/

Clarification

To the Editor:

In this increasingly technological world. computers have
pitt their mark upon society. The value of these energy
efficient. time-sitting devices should never be
underestimated. Visiciilc. the program that was being citi—
phasizcd in Professor Green's MKT 430 class. is just one
example. The impact that Visicalc has upon ti business is so
immense. that it is often difficult to ptit ti value oil it.

Even though I tint the student who wrote the ‘Sules
triisiiizinagemcnt' letter iii the 10/19 edition of the ASP. I
firmly believe what I have stated iii the above paragraph.
After working iii corporations for the past five ycnrs. I
know how valuable it computer. especially a triicroconi-
puter. is to anyone. Since Professor Green saw it as his
responsibility to teach students of the microcomputer. I
question why he didn't go through the formal process of
designing a specific course on their applications to business.
To just take any course and center it around a microcom-
puter. is unfair to students who must learn the expected
contents of the course on their own. through a text.

The letter to the editor was my opinion. I asked that my
name be withheld because I feared rcprisals. biit I now

realize that those fears were unwarranted.
—Btinnie Stevens

Inhumane policies

To the Editor:

On Wednesday. October 27. the Revisionist Zionist
Alternatives will bring the founder of the US. Jewish
Defense League on campus to speak. Meir Kahanc is also
known as the leader of the Israeli ultra right wiitg Kach
movement which has adopted an cxtrctne racist political
ideology. advocating the forced emigration of Palestinian
Arabs from Israeli occupied territories. This letter hopes to
brieﬂy reveal to the SUNYA population the inhumane
policies advocated by Rabbi Meir Kahanc.

It should be pointed out that Meir Kahanc does not
represent the popular sentiments of the Israeli people or of
the Jewish population elsewhere. For example. in 1973.
when he ﬁrst ran for a Knesset. he failed to win a seat. Fur—
thermore. in the most recent Israeli election. his votes drop-
ped drastically, Perhaps one reason for tltis lack of support
can be found in his racist policies. In a paid advertisement
Kahanc proposed a Knesset bill which advocated “com-
pulsory lessons in all the schools in the country on the tint-
queuess of the people of Israel and prohibition of mixtug
and having relations with other nations". Furthermore. he

"proposed" a mandatory jail sentence of five years with no
possibilities of parole. for any non-Jew who has sexual rela-
tions with a Jewess."

Apart from his domestlce policies. his regional policies
are equally inhumane. His so called “redemption for
Israel" is outragiously declared in the title of his most re-
cent book. “They Must Go." The book is a crazed call. in
Kahane's words. "to remove the cancer from Israel's
midst." The cancer is. of course. the Palestinian popula-
tions in Israeli-occupied territories. Kaliane‘s Arabs.
however. like llitler‘s .lcws arid Licorge Lincoln Rockwell's
Illticks. do not exist in reality. They are pathological cotioc-
tions of his mind. As he wrote. "come let its recognize them
for what they are... crazed and filled with hate and lust."

Other minor slrort—tcrrii solutions. apart front a “final
solution". include the expropriation of Arab land. ending
all university education for Arabs. terminating all state aid
to Arabs and suspending till citi/cnsbip rights for Arabs in
Israel.

On September 26. I982. Kahanc told l’ediolrlhruriulwn
Israeli newspaper) that. “Tybcli (an Arab village) residents
are not faithful" because they protested the triassacres iii
Sabra and Shatilia. and therefore he decided to enter the
village. itt order to expel all Arabs. Consequently. when he
arrived at Tybeli with three of his supporters. the Israel
government arrested the four. This was not the first titiic
Kahanc was arrested for racist aggression.

If the reader is still not convinced of Kahane‘s racist and
violent attitudes. then one ltlsl obscenity should be men-
tioned. In a statement issued last week. quoted by the
Jerusalem Dawn Newspaper. Kahanc expressed regret that
the Israeli army did not personally carry out the massacre
of Palestinians in tlic lleirut camps.

Kahanc's writings and actions are a disgrace to humanity
and history. To see advertiserticnts for this racist on our
campus is an outrage and insult to a university that official-
ly advocates non-discriminatory practices. How cati a
group such as the Revisionist Zionist Alterntitive be S.A.
recognized? Why is this titan deemed a visionary? If this is
the case. will other groups on campus invite other rcac-
tionary individuals or groups to campus in order to freely
express their opinions. such as the John Birch Society. the
Klu Klux Klan. or the Antericau Nazi Party?

—-Mnjed Sad

Miscarried justice

To the Editor:

In his letter to the editor. Steven Cohen asked some very
important questions. The third on his list. which would be
the first on riiiite. was whether the accused was actually
guilty of the rape. This question is. however. also the
easiest to answer: If the accused wasn't guilty. why was he
pill oii disciplinary and residence hall probation?

After this fact is brought to light. the question of why the
tissiltint is still on campus and not in jail comes tip. With the
case now officially closed. with the transcripts destroyed.
and with itll agreement keeping those present at the hearing
frotn reproducing anything sttid til the hearing makes it im-
possible to understand all that actually happened. The fact
remains however. that a student at this university foutid
gutlty of sexual abuse and threatening behavior at a
disciplinary hearing is still on campus. This seems to be it
gross triiscttrtitigc of justice perpetrated by the University
disciplinary establishment.

The result of this miscarriage of justice is the popular
suspicion that the assailant might not be guilty after all.
The university. by finding the accused guilty and then giv-

é

Established In 1916

Dunn Ectx. Edltor in Chtal
Wayne Pearoboom. Managing Edlror

Editorial
News Editors . . ....
ASPoctIEdltor.  . 
Annotate ASPocls Edlloi
SoundEeltor ... ..,
Vision Edltoi .
SporlaEdltorI   .. .
Associate Sports Edllor . . .. ....
Editorial Page; Editor. . .. .. ...
Contributlng Edltor . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Editorial Aerial-rite: Debbie Judas. Debbie Ptolota.
Benson. Dave Blumkln. Both Brlnsar. Ray
-Kennath Dickey. Bill Flechai. Bob Gatdlnlar.
t. Robert Gordon. Slavo Gosset, Stephan lntald. Danlsa Knight.
Donna MacMillan. David Mlehaolson. Carl Patku. Lisa
Roth. Spectrum and Event:

Mark Hammoan,Toit Kaplowtlz
. . .......Dobb|a Mlllman
. . . Megan G.Taylor
. . . . Robert Schneider
...., , .Damran VanDonburah
.. MlchanlCarmon. Mate Haspol
Mark Gasnar

 

   

Barry Galina
Charles M. Greene.
Parut. Phil Plvnlck. Linda Quinn. Liz Reich. Randy
Editor: ﬁont Ginsburg.

Business

Bonnie Stevens. Business Manager
Kedy Brodar. Assncmle Buslnaas Manager
Jliiet Drllluu. Advert/sing Manager
John Trollno. Sales Manager

. Karen Sardoll. Judy Torol
Ariana Kallowltz

. Jonnllol Block
...Mli:ltoy Frank
Metlaiia Wasaerrnan

 
  
 
 
  

Bllllnn Accountant! . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Payroll Supervlloi.
Oltleu Co~ardlnllnr..
Clnllllad Man-oer. . ..

Corn oaltlon Manager
Adva‘itlllng salon: Polar Forward, Null Suusman. Advmlllng Froductlon

Ina Produetlan:
Main on: Mindy Horowitz. Sultan Pearlman. Advmll
manage Bahar. Ront Ginsberg. Jana leacn, Mlcholle Horowltp .ltille Marks.
Elaine Russell. Rhonda Woll ottlcc Stall: Eileen Newman. Gay Farese

   
  
  
     
    

 

 

  

Ing out a. seemingly trivial and misunderstood punishment.

rat the same time recognizes the accused as guilty and acts as

if the Crime was nowhere near as bad as plagiarism or ad-
vanced vandalism. The university. by triviallzlng the crime
in this way. is almost an accomplice to the crime.

Mr. Cohen's appeal to the university to lift the fog of
confusion surrounding this case In particular and their
policy towards rape on campus in general Is Well considered
and should be so on tlte part of the university administra-
tion. A relevant response could be made by the university
which shottldtt't damage Ms. Shapiro or reveal the identity
of the assailant. I would like nothing better than to have my
belief that the university has been negligent to be proveri
wrong.

One other aspect may be brought tip as well. If Ms.
Shapiro is correct in stating that her delay in reporting the
crime made it impossible for her to find justice in a court of
law. then it is possible that those involved misinterpreted a
natural hesitation to report such a humiliating experience to
atiyonc else to be indecision as to whether Ms. Shapiro felt
that a crime has actually been committed. This is not mere-
'ly an unfortunate possibility should be looked into.

——Robert Davis

Liberal goals

To the Editor:

I am writing in rcspnse to it recent editorial entitled Barr/-
irig ROTC by Elissa Stein (I9 October. I982). I took par-
ticular exception to her comments that ROTC training
methods conflict with the goals of this university and that
“It is almost impossible to adapt the goals of liberal arts
university and an ROTC program simultaneously."

Ms. Stein states that the goals of this university are to
teach the student to “think analytically. use initiative.
make decisions. and question ideas." Ms. Stein seems to
think that ROTC conﬂicts with these goals. She is blatantly
wrong! ROTC teaches analytical thinking. and decision-
making abilities. It challenges us to improve our minds and
thought processes by making us ascertain viable solutions
to various problems posed. This is right in keeping with Ms.
Stein's stated goals of this university.

As for her second comment that the goals of a liberal arts
university and an ROTC program don‘t go together. she is
cornplelely wrong. I maintain that quite the opposite is
true: that by eliminating this ﬁeld of education ( Military

Science ) the goals of a liberal arts university are not
enhanced. but rather they would be curtailed. The major
goal of a liberal arts education is to provide a broad-based.
well-rounded education. In liberal arts colleges such as
Albany, students are afforded the opportunity to take
courses in music. theater. and art; not all students do.
however. in the interest of providing the opportunity for a
well-rounded education. these courses are offered. Then.
also iii the interest of ti liberal arts education. courses iii
military science should be offered to those who wish to take
them. Ms. Stein should recall wlitit John Milton wrote iii
his 'I'ratacc on Education. “I call therefore a complete and
generous education that which fits a man to perform justly.
skillfully tind tntigntiniinously all the offices. both private
and public. of peace and war,"

For these reasons Ms. Stein. the thought of removing
ROTC from the SUNY campus should be unthinkable.
ROTC ptotidcs much more to this university than it takes
frotii it I lights. heat. janitorial service. two small rooms
and nothing clsc ).

—.Ionttthnn A. Newman

 

Production

Jack Durachllg. Production Manager

 

Chlol'fypuotler.. .. . .   ...CathtaRyan
VortlcalCamuia  . .. ..  ....B|llBonllla
Vallﬂvup: Janina Barker. Leslie Ftatkin. David Mlehaalaon. John Moran
Typllta: Joyce Balk. Bill Beanoy. Erica D‘Adamo. Pot Flnocchlato. Joanna
Glldarsloeva. Stove Gteonbaum.Ell1abetb Hayman. Glnny Huber. Bruce Park
Joel Ronla. Mark Wallet Chauffeur: Joe Ollanskl

Photograph y

Supplled principally by Unlveislly Photo Sarvlco. a student group

Chlol Photographer: Dave Asher. UFS Stall: Chuck Eatnaloln. Alan Calom.
Amy Cohan. Shorty Cohen. David Hausen. Mlehele Ketoham. Hilary Lana. Ed
Marusaleh. Lola Mattabonl. Alan Mantle. Susan Elalno Mlndlch. David Rivera.
Lisa Simmons. Eitca Spaioul. Suna Stelnkamp. Warren Stout. Jlm Valentino.

 

Matty Walcoo. Will Yurman

Entlro eontlnta copyright 19” Albany Student Prue Corpurallon.

The Albany Student Press ls published Tuesdays and Frldaya between
August and June by the Albany student Press Corporation. an Independent
not-tor-protll corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chili! with members of the Editorial
Board; policy to subject to review by the Edltorlat Board. Advertising policy
does not necaaeaitly rollect editorial policy.

Malling addrau:
Albany Student Pietra. CC 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV t2222
(518) “76892133223360

 

 

 

c" 

.v  .5‘  A

 

 

 

 

a

 

 

