 

r
i

l

l
t

 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
 

   

 
  
     

page 4/ February 2, 1989

  

 

 

All That Glitters Is NotGolden

' 1 Golden Pond is proof positive
that a bad script and second rate
direction can be made interesting

by a powerful cast of actors. But the fact that
even the presence of Katherine Hepburn,
Henry Fonda and Jane Fonda can't cover
up the vast array of problems shows Just how
severe they are.

r Mark Rossier

To start with. Mark Rydell. who has never
come close to making a quality movie.
directs as if he were making a beer commer-
cial. The endless shots of Golden Pond and
the Golden things in the pond and the ocas-
stonally golden trees around the pond
reminded me of Michelob ads. However, at
least he knows what to do with scenery
(thanks largely to Billy Williams’ excellent
photography). He handles the scenes with
people in such a pedestrian fashion that Its
possible to sit in the audience and call the
shots.

in all fairness. however, the weakness of
the direction may bot be totally Rydell's fault.
He might have been able to avoid the Na-
tional Geographic approach had Ernest
Tltompson's screenplay given him anything
half-way interesting to shoot. Tlils script.
which has all the depth and originality of a
Waltons rerun, has to be one of the lilmslest
to ever reach the screen. instead of giving us
real characters and situations. Thompson
manipulates universal fears and doubts and
takes them to their most cliche arid sen-
timental conclusion.

 

 

All the characters are remarkably vague
arid underdeveloped but nowhere is it more
obvious that with Chelsea, tlte daugltter of
Norman and Ethel Thayer. For the duration
of the movie she pouts and broods arid
resents her father's treatment of her as a
child. but for some reason Thompson never
bothers to tell us what that treatment was
Perhaps Thompson doesn't have enougl
imagination to come up with a conceivabk
situation, but since this is the key conflict iii
the movie it would have been nice if he at

least tried.

We can only be grateful that someone had
the sense to cast Jane Fonda tn the part. She
isn’t on screen long enough to make Chelsea
anything more than lWD dimensional, but at
least she is able to make her pain and anger
believable. More importantly. her being
Henry Fonda's daughter makes it easier for

da and the stunning Katherine Hepburn pre-
vent hlm from doing it. They are old and

they understand it in a way that the thirty

year-old writer never could. They take the
gloss off his portrait and replace it with a pain
and courage that give On Golden
whatever genuine and moving moments it
may have. . El

 

“The endless shots of
Golden Pond and the

. . . reminded me of the
Michelob ads."

 

golden things in the pond

 

.(Ilct ls between Nita and those who attempt
to supress her. This is not to say that “W
gedy Man is a feminist treatise of some stir);
it is simply the story of a woman who wants
to be able to have control of her owti lilti

Pond Nita is really the anchor oi the film. Stit-

has to react realistically to all of the situations
that face her. yet” at the same time site iiitisr
remain stable. it is Nita who keeps tic
grounded in reality; if we don’t feel secure
about her then the film is bound to fail. AL;
trésses are rarely given the chance to carry a
film completely on their shoulders, hut Sissy
Spacek handles the pressure superbley.
Coming as it does after her Oscar win for
Coal Miner's Daughter. this is art especially
courageous move for Spacek. Alter winning
an Oscar most performers usually pick fairly
commercial vehicles as follow-ups to firinlr
establish their popularity. it is not unusual for
actors to make awful movies alter winning at

 

' Oscar simply because their salary has tllilllil

 

us to accept this woman who wanders in and
out as a member of the family. There are
times when she ls so like her fatiier that the
real life relationship helps fill the This is
also true of Henry Fonda and Katherine
Hepburn who, tltrough sheer citetttistry.
make It seem like they've been married all

their lives. The script gives us rto sense oi the
past. which is interesting considering this is a
film about aging. so Hepburn arid Fonda
have to fend for themselves. And they do so
magnificently. They are able to give us a real
sense of a couple who has had its share of
good times arid bad. but who have struggled
to survive because they love each other
They are able to take away mitclt oi lli(
script's cloyittg sweetness by exposing the
guts of their characters.

Fonda especially refuses to make Norman

into the cute. ficsty old man that the script
wants him to be. He is not happy to he get-
ting old: he is angry and scared. l’lt‘ resents
the fact that he cart no longer rvrtientber
things, that he can't physically do the things
he wartts to. Despite his ocassiorial mentions
of death. Thompson tries to paint a romantic
portrait of old age arid retirement. Both Fort»

aggedy Man is so unique, so sur-

R prising in both content and quality

that it Is unfortunate that It can't be

seen by more people. I can say that with a

fair degree of certainty because Universal is

Just dumping it trito theatres with no

prereleasc publicity and. subconscquentiy.
no chance of success.

The problem with Raggedy Man is that it
can't be easily categorized. it starts off as a
sort of Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore clr‘
ca 1944. with Sissy Spacek cast as a womai
trying to make it on her own willt her Mr
small sorts. Then one rainy riigitt a hand
some sailor enters the scene and the iiiliVlL
becomes a thoroughly charming love story.
This ends and Raggedy Man becomes a
suprisingly effective thriller tltot elicits
suspense without being violent or offensive

On paper this rill sounds abrupt and.
perhaps a bit disorienting .lack Fisk. iii an
impressive directorial debut. skillfully and

subtely alters the mood. making the transi-

tiott smooth without giving anything away
liiirly on Nita (Spiit‘t’lt) iS shown to by
strong and independent and this aids it great

deal to the film's continuity Her strength is

(till one constant. so in some WEin llit‘ ciiit-

ed or tripled. Spacek has opted for .i ittll'
that challenges her as an actress. not in ii
star. She responds by giving an L‘letilslh'
performance. To a lesser degree llit' stunt.
applies to Eric Roberts. who plays the ‘riillt tl
Nita‘s brief romarttlc interest. A few \,'t’rtt\
ago he was betttg billed as the nest limit. ti
Redford iit connection with King oltlii- t it ,vi
sies and he has hardly worked suit l' Hi
too has dccided to be an actor i'rlllit'l tin-xi .i
star. His good looks are an asst-t, hut in i
learning not to depend on them toltiiir.
WlillL' his role here isn't especially | lliillt ‘.t
ittg. it nonetheless requires churistiin hm i.
tip by iL‘fll emotion. WlillL’ Roberts in.iv t '
yet have established hiitrseif its .i first iiili‘ i
tor. his Work here shows enormous |>i~ int .
This is not a perfect filiii. Though l "in

explained, tln.I fitct that ﬁll the liliii“  l i'
hitppcit within i'i few diiys i‘» siiiiiiw' t
unbelievable. Fisk occasionally sin n .t- it
too predictably and llil' twist iuvolr ilitt ti. t

tic character can be gucsst-d tillilt-
bvgiiiiinuig. However. by ltt’t‘jlltilr vI
Siiitlll and telling UllL‘ story fully illi~l
pletcly. the movie is able to succrmil iii .i
more iiiiibitious projects ciiit't Ir’tiiigi'itt, .11 i
is a wonderful llliii.

Burt Makes It Two Fingers Tonight

urt Reynolds. who at this poirtt is

B probably the reigning box office

king of the entire world. ltas said

for years that lie wouldn't mind giving up ac-

tlitg for directing. Having seen Gator and

The End. his first two directorial efforts. i

thought that he'd better get a whole lot better

at directing if he expected to pull audiences
in without being in front of the camera.

L dim Dixon

Sharky’s Machine has done aniot to
change my mind.

Sharky's Machine is a tough. flashy. and
not terribly plausible cop movie. Dramatical-
ly it's a James Bond movie for adults. it's
also the first good movie Reynolds has done
since Starting Over. (i've believed for years
that Reynolds Is a talented actor. it's awfully

   

hard to prove it when he docs one stupid
Smokey rind tltc Ilaiidit lookalike after
another.)

Based oit William |)ieltl's ttovcl. llit’ plot is
slick if never believable. Reynolds plays an
Atlanta Narcotics detective who ge's busted
down to Vice when it strike-out gt. :5 wrong
and art innocent bystander is \Uliliiitlt'll iii a
frenzied shootout. The plot meanders into a
coiitplicated story involving prostitution.
while slavery. dope. and professional
ltitttteii. None of this really liliillL’l'S. For
Reynolds it's a roller coaster track to push the
audience along on. Tltcl movie is a fast-
moviitg action story with chast- scenes.
sltootouls. suspense (naiibtting iiiatci-ial at
times) and some unexpected humor

Williattt Fraker. who's photographed such
movies lately as Heaven Catt Watt and 194i
adds a lot to the film. showing Atlanta as a

glittering irielropolis of glass skyscrapers and
art deco towers The score is jazz arid the

end l‘i‘Sllll is it class art into this Reynolds iri-

trodiicvs liiitish iiilltli‘l Rachel Ward. the

most iiiipi‘cssivr- svxy iugvtiiitI since Lauren

Bacall was twenty Ward. who may or may

not ever amount to much as art actress is
awfully tittprcssivc as a love-interest for
Reynolds iii a deftly directed steal front
Laura.

Lurking iii the background. Charles Dum-
ing. Vittorio Gassman. Hari Rhodes. and
Brian Keith all get shots at center stage at
one time or another iit delightful cameos and
supporting roles. (One tltittg you've got to
say about Reynolds. he knows witn~to stir-
i'litliitl ltiiitsclf witlt.)

For the suiieiriitislt. I should poiitt oiil that
unlike most of his recent movies. in Slinrlry's
Mocliittc Reynolds doesn't play the violence

for laughs. The giinfigltts do how him i
aftcrirrittlis'. and iii tine mercifully liitvt 
riuettcc. Sliitrlty hits it couple of filitli‘in
removed by some Oriuntiii thugs As llll' .iin
putatioii of “10 fingers wiistt't totally i‘.\[)l|l ii i
thought for it moment we were gutting t it
easy. littt then Shitrky draws his lirlllll hiv't
across the table and two linguitips witti.‘
behind and the producers kiss llit' i’ti iiililill
goodbye iIt one shot.

Sltorky's Mocliine. all iii all though. is int
exciting adolescent fantasy for adults If
you've already seen Rattlers o] the Lost .‘itk
(and hasn't everybody?) and you feel it nvvil
torn couple of hours of enjoying yiiluwll iii “
a kid again. Sliurky's Muclniri' ought ii i «it t i‘
Arid as for diivctiir Brut llvyrtolils. lit' in: iii!
get away witlt llllllglllg tip his toupi-v l'.lillt'l
than I tltoiigli.

 

F EVENTS

Forlorn! Pollor

Sophlcles' Antigone continues its perfor-
mance at the Empire State Youth Theatre
institute. Shows are scheduled for February
1 through 5 at 10 am. and February 5 and 6
at 7:30 p.m. The closing performance will be
Interpreted for the hearing impaired. Tickets
are $4 and $3 for students and senior
citizens. which may be reserved by calling
463-8597.

An: oi a Dive

Soprano Anne Turner will be featured in a
faculty showcase series concert in the Recital
Hall Saturday February 6. at 8 p.m. She will
appear with colleagues Randall Ellis on

 

oboe. Findlay Cockrell on piano. and
Leonard Kastle, composer-pianist. Violinist
Susan St. Amour will be guest artist. General
admission is $2 with SUNYA students admit-
ted free if they pick up a ticket prior to the
cottcert.

"ll. Coll

Five male performers are being sought to
appear in the Empire State Youth Theatre
lnsiltute's upcoming production of “Fiddler
art the Roof". Auditions will be held Mon-
day. February 8 from 7 to 9:30 pm. in the
institute's rehearsal room on the P-l level of
the Egg. Call 474-1108 or 474-1199 for
more information.

In Stop
Jazz Thursdays are coming to the Eighth
Step Coffeehouse beginning February 4 at

8:45 with Mike Lamkin and Larry Vernon
an electric piano and vibraplrone. General
tdntisston is $3.50 . . . For classical music
ans. the Eighth Step will present Jim Sande
and MaryAnri Tillord. who play guitar arid
violin. The show begins at 8:45 and adrnis
siort is $3.50.

Help Cup Rep

Capital Repertory Company. Albany's
resident Equity theater. needs volunteers to
help it get ready for its second season opeu~
trig Marclt 6. Technical assistants. office and
costume room help. ushers. and people who
no help ready the company's new home
The Market Theatre. 111 N. Pearl Street'
are needed. Volunteers can contact Ms:

Devan“ a“ll-323711between 10 am. and 3 The orchestra will be provided by nlclltlit’i“

p.m.

Ray's Beat

The jazz styles of Ray Reliig will by
featured iii a free. public concert prcsi-iiii-ii
by the Music Department iii the Recital Hall
of the Performing Arts Center iiudttv.
February 5. at it p.m. The program is com
posed and arranged entirely by Rettig. whi-
is currently instructor iit Jazz Improvtsdlinli A“
the University and conductor of the Univctal
ty Jazz Ensemble.

Mun Appeal

Albany Pro Musica will present its first will
cert of the year Sunday. February 7 at It
p.m. in St. John's Episcopal Church iii Troy
The free concert will feature two major
choral works with orchestra: SllmtitiﬁltV'5‘
Mass and Haydtt's Mass in Time 0/ Work

of the Albany Symphony

 

 

_——

 

at:

' Irwin.“ .k-‘th a mm.» ‘43...., Mﬂwmﬂ.” _ __ N" Mfr“ U

1

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
   
 
     

 

spirited program of nationalistic
music was uxpcricncurl by those
who attended Saturday evening's

Albany Symphony Orchestra concert at the
Palace Theater

The program fvi'ttitrvd Ilirr-v works: Virgil
'l‘lioittsoti's l.oiiisiutio Story. lioln Bartok‘s
liltt'r‘iiliiits Multiliiritt stiitc illitl Antonin
l)viiritk's Syiiiplioriu No. 8. till cl iittliictvtl by
Mll‘iit‘ Director .ltiliiis ill-gyt

Martha L. Harrier

to the pro

 

Wlellilﬁltil'ﬁ iii—rirTi—iJT
grittn notes. deals with one boys reactions to
rill influx of mitcliinvry uitd llii‘ subsequent
industrialization of it rural Louisiana town.
TheI early bars of llit' piece were dominated
by the pierctttgly resonant tone of Randall
lillis' solo oboe. Flutist Irvrn thntan
reiterated the theme before it was picked up
by the strings. developing iitto n movement
conveying much motioit and activity. Mental
imagery was inspired. such as fleeting views
of endless expanses of fields and farm areas.

lit the second movement. one could sense

llt’l‘ r'i symphonic fanfare arid a six
tics ltit. the lights went down. a
' i'lit’l’i wont tip. and tin.- l’ielertdt-i‘s

ti iok llit’ sliigt-

 

Wayne Peereboom

V VAlll'l .i liTu‘lnvmiiiiT hT'VJimhm‘iFiTp'
pi'il till“ .i llilitl tucker /\1 first. (Tlittssti-
to distinguish from titl-
Irllit’i ttiiistctiiiis llI'l liliiili lt.iii liiliili Ii\’i'l
l'it‘ roll-ii of hot ilt‘tiliit lill l'~l'l riiltl it guitar
tins slung itwt llt'l slit Ilil|li'i Willi it run
ins. tlii- l’ii'tviiili'ts stvtitidi'd ii

llVlltlL‘ was hard

ply til vxrvplii
httlv roiigli diiiiiiir llll' lii‘xl llllll of their si't
l'lii cmttttplv. "Mi'ssiitii' i-l l.u\i"' lriint llit'
I'it'li'iidi'rs ll tilliiirii wits it hit sloppy. 'I'liv

the arrival of machinery used irt biiildiitg up
the area. The orchestra vividly interpreted
Thomson's score.

'l‘hontson cottrposcd .t final section of thy
pit-cc iii Fit/l lliiit'. llllll is. with livv boats to .i
tnvtrsitrv irilllt‘l tliitn llit' ttiiti'u typicitl lliit’t'
or ltIlli hunts A ililitlt'lillt‘lV irregular ti-titpti
\vtis |'it'lilt'll turd lllt‘ t'lillllri bits» si'ctiiiii i'titt
llililill’tl to thy .igilittt’d itiiuiil of llit‘ lilil\'t'
iiil'lil by playing ptxrtr'iiti 7. thin is. by plucking
iits‘tt'itil of bowing iliv strings

it seems Itittitiiil to ciiinpiitt- “writs of
lvitdiitg thtlt l'l‘tiliily Aitivitcnit coniposivrs.
t-spvcinlly 'l'lioiitsoii .uid Anion (‘iipi.iiid.
both of whose works llr|\'t' rutnl Atticiiciiit
settings lli(lt’t'il. sonn- sections of
'l‘liomson's Louisitino Story brought to iitiiid
themes from Copliind's Apprilncliirtn Spring
Though disjointed tit some sections. this
piece was still unified and this reviewer was
especially impressed with the mood range
that was accurately interpreted by the A50
In addition. Messrsflillis and Clinton. both
SUNYA faculty members. complement each
other extraordinarily \veli musically. to lllL'
point of exhibiting similar trianiivrimts rill(l

  
   
 
   

l’ECTS

...on'l'

 

 

   
 

gestures Wlil’ii tlivy Dl’iftli'lli.
l'iic st'cititd work till the program. The
Mititcitlinis Mritttfitriii. wits written by the
llliittirti‘liili'lililll Bartok. whosc works have
llllllllit’fl t'\'t'i illt'lt'il‘illlll piipiiltiiity since his
|lt‘iilll In l‘ltll'i 'l'ltl' siiiti' was i'xliiicli‘il from
.i l‘illli'l by llli' sittiti' li.itttr' iilltl first pitrfiittn
ml in l‘lL'H ll'lil' pivi'i'. .tnil llit' iiicltcsliii's
liili'lliil'ltilllili of it. sliorply l‘oiilritslcil lliril lll
llll’ t'\t'iil|lt]'\ lill'VllllP- vvuilt lll'tl'.
il.iiiiii'tist Siisriit ll‘tlli’lllll‘itl ittysticitllv
l'jiilt itllllr'll llll' llillll'l'\ iii-till i’ltittiti'ti'i. .i
(‘liiiit'si' tritigtsttitii- lt scouts illlliit’ llllll lint
iolt wlinsi' winks origiirtttvd tii lllliillrilliili
ll ilk ||ll'l4!llll'\. i'liiisi' iiri lilll‘lllill topic. Most
of liiuitik's irtusic illltl l’t'ttrtutly this compost
lIItli t‘ltliliilil iitttisiiitl ilil'll’l‘i iittd i’liyllilii‘w
liilll’t‘tl. llIt‘ L'iilli’t‘ otclti'sttit wits ribsiirlit'tl itt
lllt' pri'ctsv t‘i't‘rviitiiiii of llii‘- li'ttsc and tightly
siispi'iisi'ltil work
The llil'i‘t' mention of livoink's itituw calls

to titiiiil llit‘ majestic llivirivs .iiiuiirliiitt in his
Nt'lt' World Symphony. it pit-co written by
line. (Zzt-cli which praises IiiillVL' American
folk ittiisic and integrates it with Czech folk
Ilwmcs. (Dvorak spent much time travelling

iiciiiss the llititi-d Stair-s attrl earned well-
ilvsetved popularity here). Although this
symphony has attained only a fraction of the
Now World's popularity. lliL‘ 81h Symphony.
coittposvd in 188‘). wits written tit it style
suntliti to that of the former work. The
thvittt-s rill' based on lively Slavic dance
iitiitifs 'l'lii- Now is tli'liglttfiil to lisli'tt to Mr
llvygt contributed sotttv intuit-sting tempo
\‘iiliitllliiih to lllt' orchestra's interpretation
which brought lilll lllt' lillilt' Rottititttic
iispitcts iii llil' work ()tti‘iI rigititt. llil'
(itlniiin (Hits t‘ltiiilllliiillliii ptiivvd li'ivtiriililt'
its si'vt-ttil tit-licuti' woodwind passages \Ul‘H.‘
«.rtlttly i'xcciitt'd A fourth ttitivt'nit'iit
liiinrpi-l liiiiliiit' iltltlt‘ll it majestic flavor to
'iiis l'lliliiiilillj and thoroughly enjoyable
work
This Aliiiiity Symphony concert was quit)
inspiring it isn't often that one hears a
llilllllrlllr‘lll's interpretation of an oriental
llil'il‘l‘ and .t Czcclt's version of American
tittii's Although liitlir-rto unfamiliar with
south of the works pitiioitned. this reviewer
wits inspired to lean more about the 20th
i'i-ittiiry music of ti“! itiiintry. l ‘i

6 Talk Of The Town

song relies heavily on rhythm guitar illltl
l'lynde (on rltytlrin) and the band's ltlllt'i
guitarist. llillilt‘\ ll‘llll’Villilll Scott. .‘vt’t‘ilit'll
in be tiff. l'liitvevm. "Ailtiltri-ss." lioiti llit'
tttiist tvci'itt album. was right llil llll’ trunk

The liillltl t'llliiil‘ll it ll|i\\’ii for it llilllilt’ of
limits which tiicliidt'il "Talk of llll’ Town."
Hilt’ of the lit‘lli'l t'tiis lltllii l'lt'lt’lltlt'lh ll. .tiirl
"Kiri" liliiii llil'ti first iill\l||ii

VVlii'tt llll’ l‘tllill ltit ll tip titlillll i'\.l-it.‘tliitilt
si't-tticd triciinii' imittlltvi l'itl-i.‘ put it illt'lltt‘l
tight driving tli\.tliiiis \K‘lti‘ii tint ~|tl||l\ l iilll'tl
fut lllt'fii

lit the end if \l't'iiit'll lltl' siippurtnit but
not i'stiitti’ ‘tl‘ll out triitvil vats lll'iill'tl in .i
\ttlill lint illll \[it'llril'llltll stir it lltl' l‘iiltll
phivt'tl lllt'li liivtti-i ktiiiwti N‘iltlb iitilitiliiiir

_____——

__._———

‘1

     
 

t‘oiiiicil titiif flll'
llnll l'i'tl-itiiiiinj ltfl liltili liliillft
ti'pltt its. iln' l ii‘il

stilt

aimsw -

 

I'lii' {\iiliis fiisl'itilili' lllll tililit'tll lit (t‘litt g
lit-pliititn'iit o) Must: on ll'i'iftii':.ilriy. l'i'liiitllli.‘
‘t‘i'tl uistiiitiictits it] llii‘ pi'iiiitl tilit

'itlfilt' lI'l it'itli's the filtration tiiiisri of lliL‘ lHtli t 'ciititic 'l‘ir lxi'ts illl' tour on

'ui fllt' l‘t'rloittiiiig Arts t‘utitt'i. f.'(iff 4i:'>7w‘i'(i()(i

'iI iitiilt'l lllt‘ iiiispir‘t‘s it] fllt' Sliiilviit Must:
If til i‘\'p in fit if!" li'i't ititl
1 till i‘iiiit litstiiitilil

 

       
 

 

"Strip Yiiiri Hiiliitiitti, "Mysti‘iy Al'lilt‘Vi"
IIII'lll," llllfl "l’itiiss In l'tii ltr'l ll'lil ‘ipi-t'iitl) "

l.t lill‘tll irritli'tlptiiinil ll‘ill‘ll'l l'l'lt‘l l".ttti
d- It IIII boss Vind linid liittuvj Miirittt
tilt tlrtiiiis jtl‘illiltiit'll ‘rlillfllV

 

('lilillilil'i‘.
lltl'iii|lll|tlil llit' slititv .iilihivj rlr'plli lli llll‘
Ntillllll
Hintt lriii-llt; siiiiwvil \tiiiil‘ tinssy work on
lt‘rill lilillril ttliil lI It'.ill‘,‘ iloysii't l lIllii‘ across
in ll'tlilll

ll\.'|tllr' lit-\u-ti'i \‘.ttiiltl piriltiilily lti' his!
.is \ci'll i it If slii' hilt ltt'l iiiiitin .il home |
litiiit lit‘i ‘ilitlll‘ iiiiiiiilili. .iiiil ltllll‘l
'llli li illi' wliitt

\i'i‘lli‘i ltr
\L’i\l' iltsttitit lititti lll'i \‘if .il~. v
‘il‘jiillilli'll llli‘ l'il'tytiili'is h-itti ltillillll‘ilS til
titlii-i li.|l|ll‘i ti, piip rip li\|‘l llil’ punt tltillill'
iii l,‘l‘i|l‘i
lltlttllllli tilt
\Jt‘ll it llvlliiiliililliiil) slittii' pti‘si'ini'
.i lot. ltillliiil’

ist til llil' slutty, llll‘ l'll'lt‘lttll'l‘i
lli‘vjilii
lll|",'ll“'\"(lll"‘l|ll|lll|"‘1|l|l‘l'
li.‘ posting lllt’lii‘vt‘l\t“~ tiii l'lllll‘l t‘litl of llil‘
shitty

llVlilll'. whi- illttllll wti‘ii
Ilii- \Ill't’l pittilt look. llIltll‘ll .i lt'N‘ obsciittit's
with Mic iiiitlivttt l' lit-low ‘ilii‘ lititilly llli'll|t\\.'
probably tlilt‘ lit tlii- \lt’rltly audit-rice
liy lllt‘ t‘iitl iil tltc show. she could
.i stitrlv. stir-trig what it good illi

.utitliiii iltspliiys

t'tl'Illl
stippiiil
lit' seen with
tlti'lit't’ it wits

The i’rvtcittlvrs also hi'i’ilit'tl to i-ujiiy
things into llll' crowd. llylitlt‘

Ii it i itwttg
em iitds

i~iiilrlit't play tiiinbntitiuc for iii) 5
lit-litre slit-'il throw it liishci- hlVll' into the

 

()iltt' int lint tl ttirrvliit'i. ll'tiil'Vlliilll ‘

iitiwd. Cliitrttlwts must have thrown. 4f)
ilrrntisticks illitl lllillt’UIllliliil Scott C(III'
itiliiiti-il Sl’Vi’liIl guitar pti " s

iiilucis ptovttlt-ii by diagonal lights and
lililillil tlroxiiliI log t-Itltttitcud a criiipli- of
songs

The music was loud but clear and
therefore not tiffciisiw.

Willi thv lllllllt‘tl coiitittei'cial success of
lhvii liisl tvvo relciiscs. llit.‘ l‘rctcttrlcrs lit't‘ll a
strong ll iiii to keep tip the band in thy ptiblic
i-yc it seems that Saturday night's sltow was
it step ttt lltc right direction.

Alliiit chii warmed tip for the Pretenders.
and in his mercifully short set managed to
sing the same song six times. Respleiident iii
piitplt' blazer and botiffant hair. Vega
liciittcrl the mostly SUNY crowd by scuffing.
"i thought you was punks!" Birth Albanys
punks promptly stood up and stunned our [of
"l

the Palace,

 

 

 

