 

 

tr

 

   

l;-
L;

“ ‘w.0‘l'lld . 

Regan Accuses Congress ‘ l '

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) Treasury Secretary Donald
T. Regan Monday accused Congree of prolonging the
recession by falling to quickly cut the federal budget ac-
cording to President Reagan's guidelines.

“The failure of. Congree to respond to the president's
call for further spending cuts is feeding uncertainty in the
ﬁnancial community. and this is keeping interest rates
up, prolonging the recession,” Regan said.

He made his remarks in a speech prepared for delivery
in San Francisco to the American Newspaper Publishers
Association. The text was released in advance in
Washington. '

Regan’s comments came as negotiators for the ad-
minstration and Congress reported little progress in Sun-
day talks aimed at reaching a compromise fiscal 1983
budget that would keep the federal deficit to SIOO billion
or less.

Korean Cop Kills Thirty

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) A drunken policeman went
berserk with carbines and hand grenades Monday night.
killing 30 people and wounding 22 in a town 200 miles
south of Seoul. the state-run radio KBS reported.

The 27-year-old policeman took out two carbines.
seven hand grenades and i80 rounds of ammunition at
about 9:30 p.m. attd ran through the streets of Kungya.
in Viryong county. firing indiscriminately. the radio said.

He first broke into the post office. killing at least two
people. then raged through a shopping area, exploding
two grenades and firing the carbines at random. it said.

He had had a serious argument with his wife and ltad
been drinking heavily, the radio said.

ﬁw

 

 

Sirhan Parole Considered

SOLEDAI). Calif. (AP) Parole board members. at~
torneys. witnesses and a large press corps converged on
Soledad state prison Monday for hearings to consider
reversing the planned parole of Sirhan B. Sirhan. con-
victed assassin of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy.

The unique "rescission hearings." spurred by a pro-
secutor's campaign to stop Sirhan's scheduled release in
1984. were scheduled to begin late in the day and con-
tinue for at least two weeks.

The prosecutor. Los Angeles District Attorrtey John
Van de Kamp, contends Kennedy's assassination was
political, and deserves harsher punishment.

Sirhan's attorney said his client does not have high
hopes for keeping his parole date.

Assemblyman Blasts Reagan

ALBANY. N.Y. (AP) A state assemblyman blasted Presi-
dent Reagan on Monday for the "hypocrisy" of pro-
claiming this National Consumer Week after he had
“cut. scrapped. rcscincd or gutted" several federal eon-
sumer programs.

Assemblyman Jose Serrano, D-iironx. accused the
Reagan administration of paying “lip-service to consumer
needs" while at the same time crippling projects
safeguarding consumers against faulty or dangerous pro-
ducts.

Serrano. who called National Consumer Week “one of
the biggest jokes every perpetrated on the American peo-
ple." was just one of several state officials who gathered
to critisize federal consumer program cuts.

British Look to Falklands

SOUTH GEORGIA. Antartlca (AP) British marines seiz-
ed a second harbor from defiant Argentine ltoldouts
Monday to complete the recapture of frigid and desolate
South Georgia island. British ofﬁcials reported.

London's strategists next turned their aim on the
Falkland islands, and one report said a preliminary
British landing on the well-defended archipelago might be
only a day or two away.

But British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. cheered
by her supporters in the House of Commons. declared
Britain still hopes to end the South Atlantic crisis by
negotiation.

“As the British task force approaches closer to the
Falklands. the urgent need is to speed up the negotia-
tions. not slow them down." she said.

in Buenos Aires. the Argentine government maintained
mostly ofﬁcial silence on the reported defeat and capture
of its small force at South Georgia, i,l00 miles east of
Argentina's southern tip. Military sources were quoted as

saying some troops retreated into the icy back-country of
South Georgia and "resistance continues."
Argentina's foreign minister, Nicanor Costa Mendez.

a , . .. , .r..

1......V~.,».r.». .

 

   

 

i

 

Just-when you thought all the really fun courses were
being slashed. the Dapartment for Counseling
Psychology and Student Development announces a new
course: the Psychology of Academic and Personal Ef-
fectiveness (CPY 120).

Students will build vocabulary. increase reading speed
(like Evelyn Wood) and perfect note-taking skills. A se-
cond objective is to enhance self-knowledge: interper-
sonal skills. clarifying academic, personal and career
goals. and stimulating motivation and assertiveness.

Enrollment is limited by permission of instructor
Friedlander. Education 244.

I Vant Your Blood, Bear

The Red Cross Bloodmobile will be extracting the
precious liquid from donors for the last time this year on
Wednesday in the CC Ballroom from 10-4. So join in
the spirit of giving and enjoy the sandwiches and
goodies the Red Cross thanks you with.

Comedy, Comedy Tonight

 

Comic Robin Tyler will be appearing Tlttrrsday. April
29. 8 p.m. at the Recital Hall of the Performing Arts
Center.

Ms. Tyler is known for her combination of unique
humor and social criticism.

Tickets are available at the SA Contact Office in the
Campus Center and are $4 with tax card and $4.50
without. Tickets are also available at the Recital Hall the
night of the performance.

 

said Sunday Britain's attack on South Georgia meant
peace talks were out of the question “for the time
being.“ He presented his nation's case Monday before an
Organization of American States meeting in Washington.
where the members unanimously called on Britain and
Argentina to avoid using force in the dispute.

But. President Reagan said the US mediation effort to
defuse the explosive confrontation would continue.

Kirkpatrick Efforts Hailed

GROSSINGER. N.Y. (AP) The leadership of Jeane
Kirkpatrick. the United States delegate to the United Na-
tions. has sparked a major effort to end “abuse” of
U.N. machinery by tile Soviet-Third World bloc. accor-
ding to israel's U.N. Ambassador Yehuda Z. Blrrm.

in an address to the nation biennial convention of the
American Jewish Congcss here Sunday night. Blunt said
that the United States under Ms. Kirkpatrick‘s leader-
ship. ltas started to "fight back against the unholy
alliance of regimes which trample the very principles of
the U.N. Charter."

Ambassador Blutn said there would be no quick suc-
cess in this effort but added that free countries “cannot
abandon the United Nations to the enemies of freedom."

State Budget Talks Stall

ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) A state senate threat to begin
overriding Gov. Hugh Carey's $900 million in state

   
  
 

 

budget vetoes came and went Monday as Carey and
legislative leaders continues to try to resolve their dispute
over state spending.

Senate Majority Leader Warren Anderson.
R-Blnghamton, had entered a two-hour session late Mon-
day morning with Carey by threatening to produce an
agreement on what the state should spend in 1982-83 and
where the money should come from.

 

And while no progress was reported in the stalemate.

(20‘) .5421. ru.‘ .s'1.'A’A’.'.'.'t-,.r.'.v

 

" '."-Vn‘.”. ’. ‘n’r".

'- Campus Baitifs

 

 

Dancing in the Streets

The Boston based israell folk dance troupe Hamakor
will perform Saturday, May 1. l982 at 9 p.m. at Temple
israel in/Albany. The twenty-four member troupe in-
cludes musicians. singers and dancers who present a
revue of Jewish dance and song:

in l980 Hamakor was honored with an award front
Buston’s Association for the Performing Arts for
enhancing the arts in the area.

Tickets may be purchased at JSC-Hillel (Campus
Center 320). at Temple israel. New Scotland Avenue or
at the Jewish Federation on’Coivin Avenue. For more
information call 7-7508, 459-8000. or 438-7858.

Make Your Summer Music

 

Spend a month this summer practicing and perforat-
ing music at the Sunrntcr World Music Seminar. From
June 14-July 24 in Woodstock. N.Y. Openings are still
available for creative. self-motivated music students to
study acoustics. rhythm and tuning, composition and
improvisation. instrumental design and body awareness.

Students will jam with teachers and performers from
as far away as Africa. Asia. ittdia and North and South
America. Space is limited. so inquire now! Write or
phone Creative Music Studio. PO. Box 67].
Woodstock. N.Y.. 12498 at (9l4)338—7640.

 

N YPIRG Vote is Nearing

Nominations for the following positions in tire New
York Public interest Research Group, lttc. (NYI’IRG)
are now being accepted in Campus Center 332 until 5:00
p.m. on May 3. 1982.

Two positions on tile State Board arid five positions
on the Local Board are up for cicctiort. The positions on
tbc local board are Chair. Vice Chair. Treasurer.
Secretary and Office Manager.

Elections for these positions will be held iii the (‘am-
pus Center from I0 a.nt. - 3 p.m.

  
    
  
  
  

  
   
 
  

 

 

the Senate adjourned in rnidaftcrnoon without taking up
arty of the budget measures.

“They‘re still talking." Anderson spokesman Charles
Dumas said of the leaders.

Hinckley Trial Continues

WASHINGTON. D.C. (AP) The government's
psychiatrists are prepared to testify that John W. Hin-
cklcy Jr. had no “serious mental problem at all" when
he shot President Reagan last year, the chief prosecutor
said Monday.

“No government psychiatrist thinks this man is
psychotic." Assistant US Attorney Roger M. Adelman
said at a pretrial hearing.

Tire 26-year-old Hinckley‘s trial was to start Tuesday
with jury selection. but US District Judge Barrington 1).
Parker indicated he might yet call another hearing.
possibly meaning a furtlter dclay.

Hinckley was moved into a basement cell in the federal
courthouse over the weekend. but be was not prescrtt at
Monday's hearing.

Bishops Want Arms Control

WASHINGTON D.C. (AP) Nearly half of tire 280 actch
Roman Catholic bishops in the United States have en-
dorsed a proposal for a Soviet-American nuclear weapons
freeze. the auxiliary bishop of Newark. NJ. announced
Monday.

Bishop Joseph A. Francis said i33 of the nation's
bishops have endorsed the arms control proposal and
more are likely to do so in the coming months. He make
public the list of endorsers.

“i can see i ing tip to being almost unanimous." he
said. "By Novenroer when the bishops hold their next
annual conference presumably we will have almost every
bishop in this country either signed or in basic agree-

ment. " ~

I
A".WARM".'."“.'a!r.'..’a .

 

 

   
  

 

ASP Charged mm Irresponsibility

‘ By MARK HAMMOND

“Let this week be one of
,rcdedicalion. The time to face
racism is now. on this university. So
when you enter the 'real world' you
will be able to deal with it." said
President Vincent O'Leary. ad-
dressing a crowd in a speech yester-
day afternoon on the podirtm.

O'Leary spoke to a group of
about 200. critisizing the ASP for
its irresportsability with freedom of
speech in the April Fool's parody
issue. The racial issue was inten-
sifted last Friday when members of

Combined Degree

By LISA S RAIN

Applications for acceptance into
the new bachelor‘s/ntastcr's degree
program are now bcirtg accepted for
the fall semester according to
Associate Dean of Undergraduate
Studies Leonard Lapinski.

It is important. said Lupinski.
that eligible students apply now
because decisions will be rendered
as soon as the program is officially
registered with the State Education
Department. it will offically be
registered in the fall.

A combined bachelor‘s/master's
degree program satisfying current
bachelor's and master‘s degree ,re-
quiremcnts in l'iy_c years or less lras
been approved for a variety of con-
centrations by the State Education

SUNYA Police
Capture Suspect
in State Quad
Tire Slashings

 

V II)‘ BONNIE (‘AMl’liI‘

   

Sixteen tires on ten cars were
slaslrcd in the State Quad parking
lot on Thursday evening. according
to SUNYA Police lieutenant David
Pcndcrgttst.

'i'wo students called the security
office at about “:30 pm from an
emergency phone in the State Quad

parking lot to report that they had '

seen a man crouching down by a
car.

Officer Christopher Childs and
another patrolman were the first to
arrive on the scene. Childs said that

he saw a mart fitting the given
description emerge from behind a
row of cars.

“i ordered him to stop and put
his hands in the “If. He didn't do it.
so i repeated the order.“ said
Childs. “i then drew my weapon
and repeated the order a third time.
At this point he pttt one hand ittto

the First World Coalitiotr scircd the
ASP office in protest of what they
perceived as racisrn in the Foolsday
Issue. .

“The issue of the ASP will pass
bill the issue of racism will not."
O’Leary told the murtnuring
crowd. “We rrutst try to create a
better atmosphere... you cart forch
doing it easy. it needs sustained
work."

O'Leary detailed SUNYA's
policy towards minorities. main
taining that "no SUNY campus can
match our efforts towards
equality." He cited extensive
recruiting of minorities. rut expan-

Department for the Department of
Undergraduate Studies itt conjunc-
tion with the Department of
Graduate Studies.

According to Assistant Dean of
Graduate Stttdies Bob McFarland.
tltc university hits been working on
this program for several years. The
Undergraduate and Graduate
Corrncil submitted a joint proposal
to the University Senate in
November of 1980. after passing
through the individual departments
and the Graduate Council for up»
provai.

After University Scnatc approval
the proposal passed through SUNY
Central Adrrrinistration and the

State Education Department. which
declared that the program conform-
ed to state education laws.

 

Student curs lit the State Quad parking lot were vandalized

 

21":Illxl:|'t‘s'v.t‘t‘v,t‘l ﬁt.»

4. , . .‘ . .. 1 _ _ . . A , . _ , ._
. ALBANY STUDENT PRESSLAPRIL 27.111982}

O’LearyAddressesRacismonCampus

.sion of the Affirmative Action pro-
grams. World Culture Week and
HAP week as action towards ttrtity.
_“lt's a campaign speech. com-
plained disgruntled listeners. iiut
Bertrand Bonnick. spokesman for
the First World Coalition. felt
O'Leary tackled some tough issues~
“l lc talked on many levels.. there
are may things he has to do." said
iionnick. "He should take it as far
as each student feels.necessary.
Bonnick was reluctant to specify
the concerns of the First World.
(.‘ortlition. saying they would wait
“to see what happens with
O‘Leary."
O‘Leary will be meeting with the
coalition next Tuesday to discuss
and outline action for the future.

The program requires at minimum
of iIlti credits. of which up to L2
credits can he applied simultaneous-
ly to tltc bachelor‘s degree \vltilc
satisfying master's degree rc-
qttricntcttls. Some of the major ad-
vantages of this program are
guaranteed admission to graduate
school as early as junior year.
avoiding tltc senior year hassles of
graduate school applications. and
saving time and money by corri-
pletirtg one‘s master‘s degree in less
titne than attending a different
school might entail.

Students may apply if tltcy arc of~
ficially enrolled irt or eligible for ad-
mision to art undergraduate major.
have completed 56. credits before
enrollment in the program. have a
3.2 cumulatch grade point average.

    

phttltit A int ("often/l

In one night, sixteen Iires were slashed

the air and the other into his pants.
By this time Officer Rogers was
behind him." Rogers handcuffed
the man ton car. v

Police idcrttificd the man as
Michael MeAllister. a senior at
SUNYA. Tltcy rcport finding a

still in question. Police declined to
disclose the names of victims or
witncses.

Police also report incidents of
automobile vandalism on Indian
Quad during the past two
weekends. Antcnnaes were broken.

ktlilc 0" hi5 PCT-5‘0". HO WHS l‘tlilCL‘d i mirrors were removed. and one car

in the Albany County jail without
bail. He will undergo psychiatric
treatment before his April 29th
court appearance.

Reparations for the victims are

bad a glove compartrucnt ransacked
and lttpcs stolen. Police said that
more titan one person is responsible
for this. and consider the incidents
unrelated.

It"7r',lrr'l‘I€v

 

 

ASP
rorrrrosrnrrrr -
srrrrvrcrr

-Resumes and
Posters
call

 

 

Planned Parenthood

is now at the
SUNYA HEALTH CENTER
two evenings a week

Mondays ‘& Thursdays
from 5:00—8:00 p.m.

For information or

 

appointments call 434-2182

'.

 

 
 
 
   
  
  

 

r

 ‘"f~'~'"‘5“WW‘~"-""‘i‘i"“‘i‘1’~‘*”"!“t‘e%‘e’t"e"r'a'r"5'!’!!!!!I

“If those minority students who

(seized the ASP say ‘Hey. we did

something good.‘ and go home.
that's not good-its an illusion. We
cannot walk away from this.... we
must struggle with it everyday.“
O‘Leary asserted.

"()ur difference is our glory..it‘s
the heart and glory of our
country."said O'Leary. "its«a
blessing wc have people from all
over the world at this university."

Also speaking was ('lifi'ord Thor-
ton. spokcsnurn for the First World
('oulition. and member I)onntr
White.

“You htr\cn't seen the lust its."
shouted White. "The Mist World
(‘ortlilion is the rrrovc. so watch
out!"

tltltl hate submitted three letters of ,

rccomnrcrtdatiort. Individual pro-
grams may havc additional criteria.

I’rcscntly. l'ivc programs have
been approved by the State Educa-
tion Department. although thirteen
more are expected to be approved
by fall I9li2. These initial five pro-
grttnrs ttr‘c I't'cttclt. History.
Philosophy. Russian and
Sociology. among the tltirtccn also

 

 

Vt

 

photo: Date Miter/UPS
Sliokespers n Bertrand lionnlek _
"many I/riI s [0']. dry) has to do"

 

Applications Are Available

rrpprorcd are Biology. Computer
Science. Political Science and
Rhetoric and Communication.

The program will be expanded
and there are several more concert-
traitons now being considered in
various departments.

For applications or more infor-
mation students should contact the
faculty coordinator of the program
they're interested in or Dr. Lapin-
ski.

Speaker Warns Audience
That Time is Running Out

By MARK Q. FHIICI)I.ANI)
“Time is running out." said
Baron Taylcr, Director of Youth
Education for tire institute for
Responsible liner'gy Policy (IN-
'i'Rl-.i’()l.). rr non-profit
\‘Vashirrgton i).(‘. group.

“liy 1985 the ()I’IEC nations will
have invested rrpprmirnttlcly one
trillion dollars \tot'ld»\\'ir|c. The
total \zrluc ol illl tlrc stocks listed on
the New Yorl. Stock l-.\ch:rngc is
\illlIL'tI at S] .2 trillrotr. ('ont'ciwrthly
then. they could but up corporate
America."

Speaking bclruc rut audience in
the Physics Itilllll'k' Ittsl niylrt. l'trylcr
drsctrsscd his orptutt/rttion's cuttctrt
cll’ort to obtttin thc rcpctrl of the
I-oreign ()iljlrn ('redit (FO'I‘C).
The l-'()T(' allows lJ.S. ()il corn-
punics to write off tens of billions
of dolltrrs in tttscs cuclt ycztr.

Last year. Taylor said. the U.S.
lost $40-45 billion in tax revenues
because of the l-‘()TC. in addition
to lost taxes. Tayler noted, the

I - ' y I , I - - ’

     

 

FOTC preserves a dis-incentive for
oil . ‘ 'to’ explore U.S.
fields. because the tax credit applies
only to non-U.S. oil

iNTREPOl. also watcltcs for
signs of oil influence on US.
foreign policy, said Taylcr. Citing
declassified government

hmntinued on page 5

   
     

.— u I
plmlo: Warn-u Mont. t'l“v
Iiuron Tuyier
OPEC con/(I own America

MCAT LSAT‘QQMAT ‘
' SAT-DAT GRE - 

0 Permanent Centers ripen days,
evenings anti wulends.
curly rmt Dlﬂlfalrd full-
time

S a .

- Complete "Lt rr-t'wtt "ta. rites
tor ramp at ctass lP‘tG": Inn
Iupplemcnlaty materials.

- Small classes taught it) slotted
Inlttucturs

, omen counses AVAILABLE
GRE PSYCH - GRE Bil] - MAT ~ PCAT - OCAT - VAT
TOEFL 0 NMB - VliE 0 ECFMGJ FLEX - ND - NLE

‘ Cult nlyi. (us I Ween'ums
 Albany Center

1:51 animation
snecuusrs met»: ma

KAPUIN

Emil“ ION/KL CENTER

 

- Opportunity to malts up milled
lessenr.

- Vctununous name-study material:
ransltnllv updated a? research-
- ~. omen In their lll .

a In I" to and
I any ot our '

over so centers.

163 Delaware Avc.. Delmar ‘
439-8136
to: tnlomutton Anour arm ClnIIII
mu ‘

“II I
CALL tou tale: BOO-22311732

‘M4‘~T~W’th’$“‘ *

 

. v~t> um

 

 

