 
   
 

 
 
 
  
       
     
      
    
    
  
   

Soclalisrn and Individual Freedom

Mm"..- m—M‘ “.4—

 

Leftist Alternatives
In The Reagan Era

- Thomas W. Carroll

Before the second and most important
phase of the Reagan tax rate reductions
becomes effective. pronouncements of the
failure of Reaganomics and calls for alter-
natives to the President's ambitious and
far-reaching .agenda are already being
sounded. Among the most strident voices
heard recently on tlte campus of the State
Universityl of New York at Albany were
those of Bruce MirofftAssistant Professor.
Department of Political Sctence) a'trd Rott-
nie Steinberg (Research Director. Center
for Women irt Government). the speakers
at a forum erttitlcd “Democratic Left Alter-
natives in the Reagan lir . Typical of
many critics of the cortscrvativc policies of
the Reagan administration. llrcy proposed
an alternative agenda calling for ittcreascd
government intervention irt lltc private sce-
tor tlrrorrgh expanded ccutralivcd plann-
ing—thorougltly ignoring the ltistoric
precedents of the drattratic failure ol'this ill-
cottceivcd approach. ill the interest of fur-
tltcring the currcttl debtttc on Ilte proper
role of the federal government. the historic
lessons of tire past half century ttced to he
clarified.

Foremost artrortg tlrcse is tltc Leftist
misconception of the causes of the (rt-cat
Depression. Contrary to tltcir belief. the
Depression tnarkcrl not a failure of the free
enterprise systcttt. brtt rather one of the
misguided policies of the federal govcrrr~
mentf The combination of ltiglr tariffs. ill-
conceived tax policies. and an unfortunate
contraction of the money strpply effectively
plunged the nation from a recession irtto a
severe depression. if anything. the Great
Depression vividly demonstrated llrc short-
comings of govcrrrrrtcttt planners. atttl the
cottttterproductive nature of imposing pro-
tectionistic tariffs attd tax increases during a
recession—historic lessons that to this day
are not fully appreciated These certainly
were not fully grasped by Franklin I).
Roosevelt. who, with a lack of faith itt in-
dividual initiative and irr tltc vitality of
capitalism. responded to the (treat Depres-
sion by launching a tragic era of public sec-
tor cxpansionism.

 

Although many of the programs known
under the rubric of the “New Deal" may
have been initiated to provide temporary
assistance. with their enactment the foun-
dation was laid for the progressive
socialization of America. While some peo-
ple are not overly concertred about the rut-
tion’s drift towards socialism since the
l930's. this Irtck of consternation may arise
from a less titan thorough consideration of
the implications of socialism. It is impor-
trtnt to recognize that as tr nation drifts
towards a socialist fortrr of government.
Itunratt rights necessarily decline. This arises
otrt of two factors: first. the right to own
property utrd to pursue ccottottric crtlcrprisc
is limited by an expansion of ptrblic owner-
ship and control of both industries and
land; attd. second. the govcrrtmcttt is forced
to finattcc pttblic sector growth through ex-
cessive, if not corrl'isculory. tax-
cs—.—providirtg additional disincentives for
work. productivity urul individual ittitiativc
ttttd further diminishing tltc lirtk between
work efforts atrd rewards. In .sllttt't. there
'an be no individual freedom without
economic l'r'ecdortt. and economic frecdortt
rests ttpott the existence of a vigorous
private sector.

Moreover. central govcrtrrtrcnt plttttttirtg
and expansion of the public sectortrclativc
to the private sector) are inherently counter
to the goal of spur rirtg long—term ccottottric
growth-- 'otlclttsivcly demonstrated drrritrg
the past fifty years. FDR's govcrtrrrtetttal
policies failed to lower uttcrttployrrrettt rates
to prc—l)cpression levels. ()nly witlt the
United Stales' involvement irr World War it
did unetuployrttenl decline to lttttttattc pro-
portions. l)urittg the post-war period, the
nation stilt confronted high inflation
rates—the product of the deliberate usage
of the dchascment of tire currency as a
governttrent tool in FDR‘s attempt to
restore etrrploynrctrt. lll fact. the continual
expansion of the public sector artd tltc in<
creased usage of government planning in
misdirected attempts to confront the na-
tion‘s economic problems has never pro-
vl-r wt 'uvtuim-d cconortrie growth witltotrt

 

 

World Torture

 

 

To the Editor:

. A puatemalian peasant is taken prisoner.
tortured and murdered; in South Korea
four~ prisoners form a suicide pact rather
than be tortured and one of them succeeds
in commitlng suicide. itt Argentina
thousands of prisoners "disappear." Tor-
ture and murder. abduction and int-
prisonment~often’ sanctioned at the
highest level of governnrcnt are systematic
practices in nations of widely differing
ideologies. Torture and ill treatment are us-
ed extensively to gain information. force
confessions, and to punish. irttirttidatc and
terrorize.

Among techniques reported duritrg 1981
were: hanging people upside down and
pouring water irtto their nostrils; electric
shocks; beatittg the soles of tire fcct;
smashing toes attd fittgcrs witlt a Itammeri
rape forcing prisoners to eat livc frogs and
beetles; pushing people's treads itrto a
bathtub filled with water. blood, vomit. cs-
crettttcttt and food; deprivation of sleep;
mock executions; and threats against
relatives ittcludirrg cltildrctt.

Such gross violations against lrrrrttutt
tights take place every day in over sist
countries of the world. However , there is art
orgatti/ation which is doing something
about it: Amnesty international.

Atttrtcsty International is a world wide»
movement which is ittdcpcrrdctrt of arty
govcrrrrttcrtt. political grouping, ideology.
economic itrtcrcst ot‘ religiotts crcctl. It
seeks the release of men and wottrctt detain-
ed anywltere for their beliefs. color. sex.
ctlttric origitt. language or religion provided

 

 

inflation. The country In ' w rieuccd only
two brief periods of prosperity itt tltc last
fifty years (during tlte Eisenlrowcr ad-
ministration irr tlte ntid-I‘)50's rtttd on tltc
heels of tire Kennedy tax rate rcdrrctiorrs of
the early l')(rt)'s).

I-‘ttrtltcrrrrorc. economic growth is an
essential foundation for personal freedom.
Only with long-term ccottottric growth,
unrestricted by cotrntcr-productive fiscal
and regulatory policies cart this rtation
fulfill tlte fundamental human rtccd for op-
portunity. self-development and advance-
rncttt.

it is incumbent trpott those who clrallcrtgc
the irrtportrtttcc of a vigorous private sector
to ftrlly consider the implications of its

 

(litrrinshrttent for individual freedom atrd

dcvclopttrcttt.

 

 

 

 

rs rim REALLy
guessuv: /

 

 

 

 

they have not used or advocated violence.
These are called “prisoners of conscience.“
The SUNYA chapter of Al needs you!
Please. don't continue to blind yourself to
deplorable injustices in the world. Just
think it could be you. your mother. your
father. your sister in that Jail cell. You can
help! There will be a meeting tomorrow
night, Wednesday, March 3 at 7 p.m. itt LL'

I3. Be there. please!
—l)lrtne MeGrattr

 

Sanctity Of Marriage

 

To the Editor:

On Sunday. February I4. I attetrded a
cultural program presented by the India
Students Association of SUNYA as a part
of the activities of World Week. Tltc main
part of the program which were a series of
lrrdiart classical anti folk dances. was very
interesting and enjoyable to watch. As art
interlude. there was also a display of trrtdi<
tionrtl bridal costumes frotn various regions
of lttdia. arranged by the 'l‘ri-(‘ity llttlitl
Association. This too would have been an
interesting display to watclt. particularly for
the American spectators unfamiliar with In-
diart customs and costumes. However. the
bridal costume show was rttarred by its in-
tr'oductiorr presented by Professor Uppal oi
the Iicorromics department at SUNYA.
which left tttc attd I suspect. tttost of the
otltcr Attrcricart spectators feeling angry
and itrsttlled. ‘

Prof. Uppal itttrodttccd the show by at-
tempting to cortlrast Western wedding
ecretttonics with Hindu (and perhaps Sikh)
ceremonies. (There was no ttretttiott that
Muslims and (‘Itristians living itt India also
have their owtt wedding ceremonies which
the different front Hirtdtt ceremonies.
despite tltc fact that they constitute ttrore
than lh pcrccttt of tire lndittn populatiort).
lIc begrrtt by saying that while Western
weddings were a legalization of a relation—
ship. the lrtdiart wedding ceremony ltad a
spiritualistic perspective with art implication
that Western weddings were devoid of
spiritual, religious. urtd cntotiortal meaning.
llis irttplicatlotts becartrc ftrrtltcr cvidetrt

from his remark that in lndia. one gets a -

rtrotttcttt that comes ortcc irt a bride‘s life.
and hence its irttportttrtcc ttrtd significance.
ltt all these remarks. tltcre was art ittdirect
irrtplicatiorr that the ittstittrliotr of marriage
is rtot taken seriottsly in Western societies.
and how irrelcvartt and useless this institu-
tiott has becortte.

To someone. like rtrc. who has taken attd
does take the ittstittrliotr of marriage
seriously. Professor Uppul's comments
were insulting atrd insinuating. First of all.
he is incorrect on both accounts. Marriage
irt almost all societies attd cultures has rt
rrt -turing rtttrclt deeper than legal. for sure.
hardly anyone gcts married with tile inten—
tiort of gettirtg divorced after rr few years.
l-urthcr'morc. divorces arc itrrariably a
severe ctnotiorttrl trauma. lligh divorce
rates irt ottr socier docs ttot imply that the
irrstittttiort of marriage has become it'tclc—
\‘illll.

It was wrong for l’rol‘cssor Uppal as rt
representative of the 'l't'i-L'ity Ittdia
Association to make tr speech frrll of un-
iustified. unnecessary atrd insulting corn-
rtrcnts on tile itrstittrtiorr of marriage in
Western societies \\Itt.‘ll he himself admitted
at tlte outsct tlttrt his knowledge ol western
trrtditions wtts sorttcwltat \ague. What is
worse is that these cottrntcnts were made by
someone wlto presumably lttts bcctr tiring itr
this society fora lottg titttc trrrd who should
know better than to make such com-
parisons witlrortt first hating rcsearclted ills
subjch properly. It astoturtls rttc that it
utti\crsity professor could stand up itt l‘r ottt
of an urrdicrtcc consisting ol botlr Asians
ttttd Americans and rttakc stlt‘ll it pro-
vocative. insulting. and poorl_\ tcscrttclrcd
speech. '

I hope that rltc lrtdia Hturlcurs Associa-
tiort does not let its platform be misused itt
its future activities.

—-(inhrlelle I-‘leld

 

Going Out In Style

 

To the Editor:

Imagine waking up on a warm sunny
Sunday morning—you guessed it—gradua-
tion day! But. before we say farewell to
SUNYA. the senior class will have a senior
week not soon to be forgotten. '

With some of the always popular events
of the past. plus some great new ones. tltcrc
will be something for everyone. We've add-
ed ] canoe trips to the schedule. after last
year's great success. Trips will be rtrtr again
to Montreal and Boston. This year. we‘ll be
rockin' at the Rafters. attd roughing it at
Dippikill. just to name a few.

On the first week back front vacation.
senior cards will Ire distributed itt the ('ant-
pus Center lobby during tltc day. rtttd for
those who intern. on Wednesday night.
Back titles rttrtst be paid at this litttc to ob-
taitt your card. Your senior card will crrabtc
you to purchase senior \veck tickets at the
senior discount prices.

A few more notes: the old credit rrttiott
window. near check cashing. will stroll
hccottrc rt “Senior Window .“ /\|| important
information will be posted there. We need a
senior tcc-slrirt design; all you artists. get
those pcns rolling! l'lllilli)‘. there will be a
general interest meeting. uniting all s‘lrtv.
rrtcrttbcrs to attend on Wednesday. March
24. (ict psyched seniors!

— Jeff Shore
The Senior (‘lurr (‘urrnr-il

 

Up In Smoke

 

To the Editor:

In a few y arts at Iltis University. yort can
see just about anything. Yotr bccontc us'cd
to acts of stupidity and cruelty. and tear rt to

‘ shrug them off as part of the normal

routine. That is. trrttil something happens to
you. Such was our L‘kDCI‘IL‘llL’C early one
Sunday morning; what happened rrtrry scent
relatrvely minor. brrt tlte itttplicaliotrs of the
act are revolting rtrrd frightening.

It happened at the tail ettd of a birthday
party that was being held itr otrr srtitc. ’l ltctc
were a good number of people (about ltl)
still' in attendance. Suddenly. we were
alerted to the fact that someone had set the
carpet orrtsidc our suite door on fire. this
person (or persons) had closed otrr suitc
door. tossed a burning m: mine on the
carpet, and then ran away. The suite artd
otrlsidc hallway were filled with tllick nos»
ious smokc. l-ortuttrrtcly. we wcrc able to
contain and extinguish the fire irt a short
tintc. Tile tltrmcs had been dangerously
close to a halt clrwct filled with highly-flam-
mable clcuttittg fluids. tlctwccrr that and tire
thick strrokc. tlrctc csistud a \cry real
possibility of tragedy. luckily. we were
spared that.

What kind of pcoplc would so calloust
endanger tltc tires of others just for a
"prank"? Are they monsters. or lttttalics.
or what? In four With at this llrrircrsity one
is supposed to learn. itt addition to
economics and cortrprrtct science. Itow to
act around otltcr human beings. ()briousty.
llrcre arc sorrrc who have run Icar rtcd. trr ttrc
past. we lttrre Ittl’ltctl our tracks on such
stupidity. No more. \\'c will do wlratcrcr is
necessary to help lirtd and discipline tlrosc

 

responsible.
~Numcs Withheld try Request
Residents of Multan-k Tower

The Good Guy

 

To the litillur:

It was sortrewlretc between “men are
tltutgctous"and “men are the rapists. tltc
oppressors. tlrc rictittri/crs.” that I felt a
certain sense of outrage and pity for tire
woman Debbie Millmtrtr rclcr s to as “Lisa”
itt tltc (l'cblrtary 23rd) issue of le/It't'ls.

1 run a male. I do not consider myself a
dangerous. raping. oppressive. victinri/ing
male. They are two very different things.

   

int. (Waterway

 
 

Lesbianisnt may have been an "evolution
of (her) awareness." but slte ltas thrust
lterself to the opposite extreme if site trtrcly
cannot imagine "why any woman wouldn't
want to be a lesbian.“ Personally. I feel
that her new awareness is as false as tlte
“mask she must wear itt front of her boss."
Her awareness of love consists of reali/ing a
“certain energy tlrat...c.\tst(s) between
wotttatt-idcntit'ied-woman." Why can't she
realize a certain energy that exists between
woman-idemificd-rtran? (And I am talking
of a "man." not a rapist. oppressor. or vic-
timizcr). Her awareness of societal in-
stituitons is c\erttplificd by an encounter
with a police officer who may ltavc tttade tr
rude mistake. llut is one officer a reason to
reject that goverttrrrerrt. Iltc schools. attd Iltc
mcdia‘.’ Listen Lisa. I think that for c\cry
bad cop. there are at lcrtst three good ones;
artd for every dangerous nrrrtt. lltctc are at
least three lming ones.

You are angered by a society that is
doutiuatcd by men. but is it fair to advocate
your "id'trl world" that is dominated by
women'.’ If one side of the coin is unfair and
prejudicial. what is so dattrn good about the
other side? Aren‘t you just as oppresstrc.
ignorant. attd dangerous as the “men” you
refer to'.’ If rt woman dotttittrrtcd world is
your “noble responsibility". then I don't
wattt it. If this is your "ideal world." then
I'll oppose it. You see. I don‘t see an "ideal
world“ (that) centers around feminism. not
do I see ottc that centers around
cltrtttvtmism. I see all ideal world that
centers around both or llCllllL‘t. My ideal
wor Id would ccrrtcr around people. not prc
irrdicc. Witlr tlll “awareness” such as ytlttls.
I should tlrirtk that yotr know c\actly wlrcrc
sc\ism comes trom——it corttcs front people
like yort.

—l)uvid ll. Lucilen ll

 

Fair Share

 

To the Editor:

This \vc'k. SUNYA students will be clec-
tittg a trcw SA Vice President. Unfortunate
ly. coverage by the ASP of the two can
didales has been botlr unfair utrd rrrrirrfor-
ntrttivc. ‘l‘lrc xtSI’ ltas decided to endorse
one candidate and write an c\ttcmcl_\ Iritrs»
cd trttd accusatory tttliclc about tltc otltcr
candidate. 'I ltc reporting for this story was
\cry slanted and inconsistent.

‘l he .AtSl’ claims that l'rourm is planning to
use tlte Vl’ job as at stepping stone to the
presidency. lltc fact that l‘ttltlllll shows
lurrrtc interest in SA is a plus. He will bare
to try harder to do it good job as Vice Presi-
dent if lte hopes to become l’rcsidctrl. littt
lrormn‘s ttrtttrc platrs in SA are neither
dctinirc not tclc\trnt to his capubtlrtics as
\tcc l’rcsidctrt. Should Iris honest) about
his Itrtrtrc III\tll\L‘tllL‘llI count against lrim'.’

Iltc .‘lSI‘ calls I’tottrnr's policy ol turning
to otltcrs for advice a ltlllil. We feel
l‘tttltlttt's ability to admit wlrcrt rtccds
guidance is an advantage. ’I Iris tends to pre-
\L'ill people Itottt plowing ltcutll'irst irtto
matters that they are not welt-informed
aborrl. Iiy asking for advice. i'l'tlllllll will be
able to I 1”" lrorv to proceed itr matters.

llas arty tttcrtrbct of the SA escctrttrc
branch (or. lot that matter. of arty
orgarti/atiou) come up with rt workable
plan to conquer sttrdcttt apathy?

'l he riSl’ failed to report on an) of l-rom‘s
good qualities. I:I't)llllll has. irt 2 yctrts‘ time.
held many positions here at SUNYA. and
has dottc a good job at them. I-romrrr is an
e\lrcrtrcly hrud worker and puts all his
energy itrto Itrc proiccts he is workittg on.

This letter is not meant to ptrt down Miss
l’eppe. the ASP has ttottc a poor jolt of
representing her as wcll. It is meant.
Irowerct. to both adrisc the students not to
itrdgc tltc candidates soler on the bitsis of
xiSl‘ articles. and to tertttest tIrrtt itr ttrc
future the .-t.s‘/’ Icpttttcts tcttto\e their pet-
sontrl biases when writing articles for tire
student population to read.

—- Lauren J. Walter
—-— Bruce .I.’l.evy

 

. ‘e._......._._."...i... -_.. ....m.... -c.r;._‘o~

film] r8].

Amazing Grace

For a rtrillion young men. yesterday was the first day.

Monday was the day President Reagan's “grace period" ended. the day that
begins the first prosecution for 'draft resistance in a decade.

Not that all the propaganda about jail terms and fines has frightened every
youth into submission -—— the government admits that 924,000 men required to
register for a future draft havercfuscd to do so. - ‘

Before last week. the Selective Service only owned up to 800,000 non—
registrants. This week. they tack another I24.000 on to that figure. It’s pretty
safe to assume that tltc number of draft resisters is going to climb. and climb.
attd climb. .

The new rrrilitarists have forgotten something very important. They've forgot-
tcrr that we grew up during Vietnam. We rentembcr the body counts on the even-
ing news. We remember the secret bombings. We grew up with Mai Lai and
Kent State. We grew up with d ‘tllll. We rcrttcntbcr what our government can do
wltcrr it sets its mind on a war of intpcralism.

'l’hc tcttrttr of the draft is only ottc puff of our government’s attempt to
militari/c otrr cotttttry. As student aid programs are being drastically cut, the
militar y steps up it radio advertising promising thousands of dollars to students
who spent part of tlrir litttc irt tltc armed services. This kind of draw is being us-
cd tlll‘ all young people. not just college students. Tltc uncntployment that
Reagan's ccorrotttics is responsible for is ttot only breaking up labor trnions but
it's also keeping the military far over its rccuiiiug goals. the ccorrortric draft has
always c\istctl. btrt now —-r through the govcrtrrttetrt‘s scrcte cuts in education
aid -r it's being focused on college students.

In just rt few years the military estimates that it will hare to itrdrtct one ortt of
three Iii-year oltls in or dcr to maintain its present ttutttlrcrs. ()uc ottt of three.
And they tell us this is only registration. rtttd that a draft is \cry unlikely. About
tr million rrrctt have told the President. the generals. and the hawks irt Congress
that‘s bullshit.

lllt‘tc's it move irt (‘ougrcss now to reduce the penalty for drtrtt resistuttcc to a
rtrisdcmcrrtror. llrc sponsors ol' the hill tculi/c tlt.tt tlrcrc'rc just too many
It'sislc‘ts to prosecute. At most. the .ltt'sIlCL‘ Department will charge a few trun-
drcd men with failure to register. It just doesn‘t lta\c the resources to prosecute
a rrtilliort people. They rtttrst tltirrk that having a million people walking
urorttrd lllt\l|lt.‘ corrttrrittcd rttisdctrtcauors is better than tuning a rtrilliorr felons
prowling around.

Iltc_\‘rc missing lllt.‘ poitrt. With IS"/u to 30% of American men from Iii—22
Icsistillt' the draft. their uttcrttpl at restarting the tlr.rtt has failed. We won‘t let
tlrcrtr hare tr draft. 'I ltc bills irt (‘ongrcss should clttl the draft. not just modify
how illcgrrl it is to oppose it.

Registration is tr miserable failure. It tailed lrcctursc it is tr hurl idcr . liad ideas

shouldn't be laws.

 

 

é

and do molt/(I'm! ntayag'énl'

Established In V916
Dullll Bull. Ldtltll Itt fillrttl
Wnyttu Peurobnont. Duvld Thttnlrnttstrt. Mahatma) I ttrtru:

.lltlltl' rtar-ttlllll tuttta Fttttt-ttlrrlu
lir'llr l'lrttr!.r>r. Mari Hrtrttrttvtttl
Airtirl tn (Irltttrll
Utrvttt lirooltt‘.
Mrrrk ll motor
Litrtr Kilittl

 

News Ettttmt.
Associate News Editors
ASPects Editor
AssoctntuASPocts Editor
Sound and Vision Edtlnt
Sports Editor
Asmclnlo Sports Editors
Edltnrtal Faults Ettttor

wr

 

[tion I twrtto

[1

Mn It.u>l (Z.ttrttr rt M

lltrrr.r~ J lr'vy Ll.‘ litrrrtr. Stall wrtlL-ts rtrr:.rur.r Arutmsurr. Utlll [ll'llrllltllr‘.
Ilttt'lll litukry .Irrtr [tr-rut llrrlr I lit Intern. Brit Ftsnhvr Mark
tr Slt'vrrtt A GrI-r rrttr tr]. Httlt tilrrlrtrtrtlt. Molt trasur-t. Di‘ttlitt‘
rr. [lttitllil' Mrtlrrr rrr Jrrltrr Muttrtt M.|tit lrtrtr Pitscut Sir‘vt'n
-..ttl§i|ttrllt thrrsrrrrtirr-attwny . '

ls Editor. ttrvtsy Ctrurprsr. Zodiac and

Editorial Assistants: lI-tr Kuptrrwux
-r-r.In Burnt-t. tt .tltgtrrrr- tort Cantor. Httltt rt.

' ttr. ltorrr (:urslmrr Knit Gordon Stow-(z
.ltttlrjl'. Kitllly Krssrarrc, Cr:er M.th “ n Mtllr
l’otrtn-r, ilrrttrarrr Rtbttlvtttrr. 5m... r. ark Sirltwttrl. llt‘llt. r .
Wtrrtetrontr. Stall Artists: Iltrtr Iluotrm- Str-vvrr it‘ll-til. Spectrum and Even
Preview Editor: Susan Mrttrparr

       
 

 

:

  
  

 
     

     

'1'

        

Bonnie Stevens. ill/surest. Mnlmgrv
Janet Dtultuss. Advlllllstllt) Manager
Dlvld Neill Yttpltn. Snlr‘s Munrtgr-I

Hedy Broth-r .ltrtty ti Santa. Karon Surdotl

. Artonu Kutlowil:

. .Jonntter Block

. Marta Garbartno

. . . . MottssaWassntmarr

Jr . Arttllttw Hunt. Denote Ilrbttsr. Mttlliy Sctrutrnan. Advottlllng Prov

ductlon Man-gets: Susan Kllirltlll, Uraniu- Granola. Advertising Production: Rout Ginsu-tin. Mindy Hotawtl.‘,

Susan Prrarlrnan. Mrrru Mt-trri trrr. ktr- auran. Cttllca Stall: Mrrrarrr Drarrtonrt, Jan-rt Guttr. Patttcra
ttartrrnr-t. Attcn MCDIIIIIHIII. Milly I “on Murphy. Judy Torrrl

Billing Accountants

Payroll Supervisor

Olllce Co-otdtnntat

Ctullttod Manager

Composition Man-got

Advertising SalomJotrrrtmrarm trunk .t thl.

E

   

Jack Dutschlaq. Production Manager
Ann Noch. Associate Production Manager
. . . . . . . . . . . . . Curot Bury -

VrrrttchCamara . .. ,. . ... . ... .. .Btll Bonttla
Puts-up: Lott Culhun. Itottur Gtrrt'llbt'tt) Carla satct, Typllii: Judy Artrndru. Lynda Borrvorrrrto.1’rna Bout". Mary
Burke. Mano G'arharrrro, Jttoltttr (iltlllltilhltll‘t‘ll. Soptttnrtmr Klrrtn. Sartrlyn anrrrn. Catlttr- Ryan. Zatt Statrl. Chaut-

laut. Martha Humor

Chtnl lyponttet

Photography. Supplied pttIlCllluil) try Ulltvdlstl)‘ Plruto Servrce

Chlat Photographer: Mum ttrtrrsch-rt. UPS Stall: Drtvrt Asher. Laura Bosttck. Alan Catt-m. Kart Chart. Amy Cohan.
Shorty Cotton. Davto Hanson. Davrrt Lorrutstat. Lots Muttabont. Alan Mnntln. Stu: Mtrrdtt-h. Mark Nrrtson. Suna
Stutrrkarnp. Watrtm Stout. Marty thtcon. Cltlll Watson. Writ Vurmttrr

Inn Albany Student Fraser in putrtrsrrod tlk'llly Tunsrtuy and Friday during the school your by the Albany Studnnt
t’rnss Corporatlon. (tn trrdrrprrndrrrrt not-tot-proltt corporation. Editorials am written by the Editor In Chtnl with
trrrrnrttr-rr. ul thrr Editorial Board. policy to subtrrct to ravlow try the Editorial Board. Advartlslng policy does not
tly Inttttct ndttomt policy

 

 

 

 

        
     
    
    
  
  
     
        
    
  
      
   
     
   
  
     
  
   
  
  
     
   
  
    
  
    
  
   
   
  
      
   
  
  
   
   
     
  
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
  
     
 
  
 
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
   
    
  
  
   

mt» .-

