 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
 
  
  
  
   

 

. 4a. Sound and "' ' '
A .
s ance
P .
E
C UNYA's Dance Council is contt- _ - _ .  ‘ SevelopTha cornmuntty's “WWW” 0!
T mm "s I ad ~ -. . _. ance. e var ous programs. tie and.
S dam: Progrgmsl'gr"‘S'Urgt'zllgs' on available space and liiltt.‘ null. (.23
w Community wnh "5 p'escmmlon of open rehearsals and master t’lrrsses I.) 1%
0 American Ballet Theatre II. October 8 8r 9. lc'i'ruedmclfnn'llmmu'"'5 """ ""“WS for
C The two performances will be on the Main ‘
T Stage at SUNYA's Performing Arts Center. for%;iczngu§lz"l':1“l l' 'I‘il"""' l“""““i‘tl his
I rt itt\.i|r “he”, h
8 concentrated in Fine Arts .it the In):
Donna  Museum, He subsequently -.ltiil|t'tl tlriltte
l and choreography at llit‘ .lirtlltant m...)
(f ‘m wltlr ‘rtrttsts like rlitse l.ll|l'tli Admit, .1.)
t: foutided the Ballet Repertory Company In M'lle‘ Dn'ls 'lu"'l"""‘/ “"‘l "'lit'li l‘li
 association with Ballet Theatre Foutirla- E'lg'und ""5 l""'"""""l -'-"ll' ill-t
tioii. km. The purpose ofthe company was gill'lip'f'l'é‘m (I'lmn' I'li'll'" ll'“ Ntiii'ttirri
a e o anara. atit llt' Aim-in .m [him

to provide quality dance to cities unable to
afford the financial and technical re-
quirements of American Ballet Theatre.
parent company in Ballet Repertory. In
addition. Ballet Repertory Company was

 
  
 

designed as a startitig point for youtig
dancers making the transition frottr the
classroom to the stage. ft] the spring of
1081. Ballet Repertory officially took the
name of American Ballet Theatre ll. ABT if
has toured through to] cities iii 41 states
arid 3 foreign countries.
The energetic. versatile ensemble is

tirade up of l5 dancers. all 'if wltotri are
selected through a rigid screening process.
The small size of tlte company requires that
each of the dancers be capable of a soloist
quality performance. The company’s
repertory ranges frotn rottiantic and
classical to contemporary. relecting the
diverse styles of choreographers such as
Bournonville. Petipa. and ABT ll's director
Richard Englund. In addition. new works
are choreographed each season for the
ensemble. and included iii the season.

American Ballet Theatre ii is not a static
company. tti that the ensemble loses and
acquires members fairly regularly. The
average length of time a dancer remains in
the company is two years. ABT ll alumni
have gone on to join the parent ensemble
of American Ballet Theatre. as well as the

 

scientific study of Great Britain.
its people and culture. the most
interesting things they‘d find wouldn't be
deranged men in the Queen's bedroom. or
wars over tiny chunks of sheep-filled land

I f someone were (0 do a serious

the astounding rate of spawing of new rock
bands in the fertile British climate. New
bands are born. live out their lives. and die
in numbers far greater than an observer
would reasonably expect. A new band.
The Fixx. has recently released an album.
shuttered Room. if this record is a good in—
dicator. the The Fixx may prove
themselves to be more than just "another
English rock band."

Robert Schneider

The Fixx ltas been together in its present
form for two and one half years. The
London-based band was originally knOWn

 

after the addition of guitarist Jamie West-
Oram. Originally. the band was Just a part-
time hobby for its members. but after a
single was released on an independent
label. they gave up their jobs and concen-
trated on their music. That may turn out to
be a very wise decision. Although as The
Portraits they opened for Simple Minds on
a tour of their native land, they've mainly
built up a following after changing their
name. and believe-it-orhot by staying off
the road. Drummer Adam Woods has
stated that The Fixx won't tour until they
feel that their sound has reached its full
maturity. His remarks show a certain

   
  
  
    
 

near the South Pole. Rather. it would be .

as The Portraits. but its name was changed I

Canada. the New York City Ballet. and the
Alvin Ailey American Dance Company. If
the years of rigorous arid relentless training
in a ballet school represent the appren-
ticeshlp stage of a dancer's career. then
ABT it could be considered a form of
Journeyrrianship. The young dancers have
the opportutiity to refine their craft through

  

concentrating on their new record.
although no set date has been scheduled
for its release. Whenever it's released. it
should be as well conceived and performed
as Shattered Roorrt.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Joffrey Ballet. the National Ballet of.

 

respect for their audience: "We do enjoy
touring. but to us it's more than selling
songs." There are reports that a tour may
be lit the offing this fall. on the strength of
Shutter-ed Room. Until then. they've been

 

 

s

at ., H '
mowixﬂmmkwmwtdmiohu.mmb . 

    

The first impression one gets of this
record is of how well the album has been
recorded and produced. The group receiv-
ed a big break when Rupert Hlne agreed to
be their producer. Hine was chosen for the

 

 
 
     

actual performances. as well as to develop
a secure sense of professionalism before
moving oriio the bigger companies.

in addition to the productions. ABT ll
features an educational program in the
form of various residency services. These
services benefit everyone in the communi-
ty. from school children to senior citizens.
The purpose of the residency program Is to

polished sound which he brings to the
albums he works on. and Shattered Room
lends credence to his reputation. Cy Cur-
nln. the lead vocalist. has said “We're alm-
ing for something which sounds really

Theatre. in addition to WIIilt «in lll'tiltli'.‘tt'.,'
He has also worked on other lilttt. 'lrtitti‘
and theatre pritjertsthli lllttli' than sit
ballets. divertissenieiits illiil tlrlltti‘s tar
operas and musicals to his: ti'illl he is liiiii‘
a full-time clioteogir‘ipher. ilitt’tlitl writ...
and teacher. He has also tlt'slililt‘tl the
costumes. scene decor and lttlilitilt liif
many of his own works l'liIII in his til)
polnttrtetit with Ballet lfi‘pi'tltitv ('nin
party. he founded atid rlttet tmi lltt' li.ttt(i‘
Department at Governor's H'r llliltl of North
Carolina. the Alabatna Stair: lialli‘t llit'
Huntington Dance firiseiiihle rilttl |).iiirrv
Repertory Company He is also tlilli‘lilh
Co-Director of the taller
Workshop which is rliilli‘tl at <liLI'lIttilliIl
the talents of new cltorerrgrarilter.

lllt‘illlt'

 

The choreographers \t‘lt’t ted flit lli‘i
workshop work with the Ali'l It tliiiii mint
five weeks with the intention (if (auditing
new ballets for the company

Tonight and tomorrow tiiltltl. the
University Community will haw ilii- atipit

tunity to see American Ballet i‘iiiuitrir it
With such a diversity in the priigtatn'wlfer-
ing. there has to be something for etrtiynite
there. with the plus of extrusion in
something new or different. This is the |itd~
for dance event of the fall season at the
PAC — American Ballet Theatre I!

posure from this record has lii'i‘tt 'H’tnnrl
Or Fall." a haunting tale of desttui ltlitl that
features a marvelous bass-drum llilt'il‘rlC'
tion. Despite having such a piarritneiii
deep sound. the song also rtiriiririiea tit

 

good on any stereo no m l
. atter how b d

your hi~fl might be." Shuttered 'Rooam

would sound good on a close-and-play

The
I, song that has had the most ex-

contain an enjoyable keyboard wrttan
Keyboardist Rupert Greenall manage» in
distinguish himself all through the ttllltllli
"Rad Skies," the darkhorse for first song
on the record. features more of lllt‘ sittttt’
apocalyptic lyrics as found on “Stand ()r
Fall." only here there is a inatesttr i‘liiriiis.
where vocalist Cumin derrroiistrates his
Prowess. He also shows sortie adiiiiiattoti
for Sting. lead vocalist of The l‘iilire
Unlike some records. which feature nnu
excellent side along with one 4I\Vflll \ItlU.

 

 

Shuttered Room has its good sf'lt‘i trans
Spread out. The above songs are from witlt‘
One. Side two features “Cameras in Van» "
Along with more strange lyrics. it llHWa
alﬂ‘ng With a nervous beat. iii a sense the
WhOle tempo of the tune reminds tilit' of ii
clock ticking away.

“'5 hard to exactly place The l-‘ixx into a
canal" genre. On the one hand. the UH ah
Sometimes resemble The Cars. Wltlli' ll unit
listens carefully to some tracks. shouts of
the J. Geils Band are encountered rtliill'l

. with The 862's. and even a fairly itlht litl’

British band named The Call. With all these
names. it's obvious that The Fixx have a
definite malleable 5( und. one which can be
molded into a variety of shapes

The lex are an unexpected. pleasurable
find. Shattered Room Would be .i t'ttii' fittll

.even from a group that are litiltli'tii'tl

veterans of recording. The fact that it's illi‘
debut album makes it all the more tJii'
lovable. Curnln has expressed a desire to
do an entire video album. aitd since his
lyrics contain so much feeling and drama.
future releases from The thx may provide
even more unexpected. refreshing siir-
prises. l i

 

it‘u'scv-n- *s."' rr-r-4 '~. r'ﬁ..‘,.;tj' Mir. «muran washroom;

 

 

 

 

aul Mazursky has established
P himself as a director/producer of

note with films like Blunte In
Love and An Unmarried Woman. In his
new film Tempest he adds the hat of writer
to his other accomplishments."

Megan G. Taylor
rcrﬁés'r'tg‘maaaiisrits.as h’daﬁi‘rriiliii
of Shakespeare's play of that tirilllL‘. The
characters have their modern counterparts.
Prospero the magician is ttow ati architect
wonderfully portrayed by John
Cassavetes. Ariel. who accompanies hint
to the island is now Aretha. a strong but
somewhat static performance by Susan
Sarandon. The two show stealers.
however. are Molly Ringwald (a
newcomer) as Miranda and Raul Julia who
plays Kalibanos .Julia. as the scruffy greek
cave-dweller. obsessed with sex and
American westerns (he has a TV iii his cave
which he uses to try to litre the young
Miranda) gives us sortie truly hilarious
scenes with some of the best dialogue of
the film.
The supportiirg cast of Gena Rowlands
(Cassavetes real-life wife) and Vittorio
Gassman (the original Godfather face) are
also outstanding. The problem with this
film begins with the concept of flash backs.

taken via ﬂash back to the cause of the cur-
rent interaction usually rooted In a previous
situation in New York (the film vasctlates
between New York and Greece and yes
vacilates is the word).

Neither story ts fully developed and such

.tion shooting. Mazursky. a Greek by birth.

e torm Is Not Stirrin

and a half hours. Mazursky seems to be
V torn between the modern psychological
drama he has become so good at and a ge-
nuine adaptation of the Bard's classic.

Part of the problem seems to be the loca-

 

Just as a scene becomes interesting we are

aptain Beefheart has a new
C album called Ice Cream for
Crow.
Who?
Captain Beefheart (a.k.a. Don Van
Vliet) is unfortunately not a household
name. The abuse his name leaves lrltn
open to leads me to believe he may never
ﬂecogiiizeﬂwhat he is and does. _

Damian VanDenburgh

—7\nd w—hr? exac'tTiT does Captain
Beefheart do you may ask? To be frank. i
don't know what the hell Captain
Beefheart does. He could be anything from
an avant garde jazz/classical composer to
the first punk in the music world. Whatever
he does i like it.

Van Vliet appeared on the scene in
1969 with Traut Made Replica. some say
his best album. Most say nothing though
because when the record is played. people
usually leave the room faster than they do
during Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music.
Let's be honest. the album just doesn't
have pretty music on it. What it does have
is incredibly advanced rhythms and some
of the weirdest free form soprano sax ever
recorded This album was produced by one
of Van Vllets high school pals. Frank Zap-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

pa. Anyone familiar with either Zappa's
early tnustc or Van Vliet's tnustc can hear
the similarity in style arid execution and as
an added bonus can hear Zappa speak on
a cut called “The Blitnp". recorded over
the telephone. very sitnilar to the reporting
of the Hiridetibetg explosion wowie

zowle!

 

rain Julia asKaIlbanoo: The comic tag Might I»: the aim
__

background tioise as gangsters and young
men who die of heart attacks when they
seem so healthy. and of course infidelity
and mid-life crisis are thrown on top of the
basic Shakespearean plot. If you tltltik that
description was lotig the film runs over 2

At any rate. Beefheart put out a few
albums with Spotlight Kid and Clear Spot
being standouts. and then stopped recor-
ding. He moved to the desert out west (you
know the one) and lived with his wife in a
trailer. What they did out there. nobody
knows. but In 1978 Beefheart reappeared
with Shiny Beast - (Bat Chain Puffer). This
was and is his tnost accessible album.
Granted. it's not something to play when
you just want to relax but it seemed like a
watered down version of his earlier work
(“Suction Prints" being the only sigh of life
on the album). in 1979 he released Doc at
the Radar Station. This was a new
Beefheart. The rhythms were even ttrore
amazing and the music though twisted was
listenable. Every song on Doc is a quirky
character sketch. including an old girlfriend
who used him like a "plastic horned devil"
(“Telephone" is a personal favorite
because Beefheart kills the phone - an act I
can relate to). Though the album was
critically acclaimed. it didn't sell well.
rocketed into obscurity and you'll probably
find it in a cutout section these days (if so.
grab it!).

Ice Cream For Crow is similar to Doc
stylistically. Weird but great ~ an important
distinction especially in this case. Captain
Beefheart is not weird for the sake of being
weird (which is what happened to Zappa).
Beefheart. it he can be classified. is
jazz/classical/punk/funk fusion. There.
doesn't that make it clear? Oh. and by the
way. Beefheart is an incredible poet.

“There's so many things/t0 feel and see
while you are awake/they're just out of

 

 

reach/out of grasp yeah out of reach/arid

 

went back to his roots and often in the lilml

 

felt the long. almost mournful shoots of the
island held meaning for him. but that we.
as the audience. do not share his memories
and therefore are left rather bored. The
wonderous magic of Prospero ts lost but for

Meaty Stuff From The Heart

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

just as many. maybe more/the minute that
you sleep/so 1 got to throw my
preach/skeleton breath/scorpian blush/l
have a crush on your skeleton/watch our
unsuspecting stranger/You'll fall of the
log/head first into dreams/end up scream-
ing/this will comb the wolf/and that will
comb the fog/what will peen the rain/what
will preen the hog/Oh you mean ear-
th/and hell over you/and laugh at your
tire tracks/if you get up/skeleton makes
good."

There is a childlike manner to Beefheart.
He looks at the world in a wide eyed way -
enhancing things and making them

'mysterious. So mysterious that he loses
me. "Hey Garland. I dig your tweed coat"
is a very “mysterious"song. it seems like a
description of an old man's face as his way
of life - as if his face summed up his ex-
istence. That's the closest i got. but all the
same it's fun to read and listen to.

This album is full of suprtses. Good
rhythm. good lyrics and a semi-reggae tn-
strumental~ titled “Semi-Multicolored
Caucasian". By far the most llstenable song
on the album. it features fine guitar work by
Jeff Morris Tepper (who worked on Doc
and Sftiny Beast) and Gary Lucas.
Another suprise for those who have never
heard Beefheart is his voice. lt ranges from

 

gruff (two packs of Camels a day is all it
takes) to frightening. The way he howls
and shrieks would make one think he
could only make one album and then
spend the rest of his life recouperatlng. On
every album and in concert (J.B. Scott's.
October '80) he growls and whines using

 

a momentary reference. and a storm seem-
Ingly caused by Cassavetes, which
although highlighted by some beautiful
special effects (thanks to Brian Ferrar) is
never explained.

There is however a Very real sense of the
people thrown together on this island. The
feelings shared between Miranda and
Aretha are as real and moving as those of
An Unmarried Woman. The coming apart
and coming together of husband and wife.

0° "'00 mﬁomvm>

MONO-d

Mazursky is not up to
matching metaphors
with Shakespeare

crazy greek and holistic model. are as.
sincere. humorous and touching as Bfume
in Love. Mazursky is clearly very good at
portraying the depths of human interac-
tion. But he was not up to mixing
metaphors with Shakespeare.

The film is entertaining. The ambiance of
Greek lifestyle and music Is a delightful
diversion for a dreary afternoon. And even
if the message tends towards “the family
way“ is the. right way. the humor and
humanity of the performances make it well
worth the time This is not Mazursky at his
best. but perhaps his past record Just made
my expectations to high. Enjoyl Cl

 

 

his voice as a percussion instrument. it can
be painful just listening to him let alone try-
ing to sing along.

Time for another surprise: “81 Poop
Hatch" is air instrumental - meaning that
Beefheart reads the poem acappella. it is a
strange stream of consciousness account of
waking up and looking through the win-
dow curtains at the trees and insects in his
yard. (if he's still in the desert then “in his
dune"). it is audio verlte - we hear him
swallow the ends of his words and pause
and think and then continue. it is not pret-
tied up by studio technicians. and subse‘
quently much more powerful.

Finally. what more can one say about
Van Vliet except that he is very. very fun‘
ny. Well not even funny. witty and sharp
are closer but still not it exactly. He's funny
about things that aren't laughed at. His
song titles alone are great one liners: “The
Past Sure is Tense". ‘The Host. the Ghost,
the Most Holy-O". “A Carrot is as close as
a Rabbit gets to a Diamond". His lyrics are
even better. "Why. not even a rustler'd
have anything to do/with this branded
bum steer world/this pirate flag headlonc
disaster course vessel/misguided char'
this nautical numbskull hull." OK, it's
funny but it's humorous (oh Boy). There's
oodles of word play in just the beginning of
a great song/poem.

(Listen to Beefheart. Call WCDB and
make a special request. This guy deserves
more than a name like Beefhead or
Beefart. He deserves recognition and so.
does ice Crean For Crow. one of the best

D

 

 

 

albums this year.

 

  

