-.. ,. .. .. .A. .......... -r.-.

t
tALBANY SiTUDENT Pness Sports APRIL 27, 1982 23

Binghamton Proves N 0 Matclffor’4-2'"Netnron.

 
             

.e .,t anemone...

 

«A .mw...“  -...  .

 

‘ “ i; I '-.- .... I V... ‘  m... . 4. I“. -_   .--..  ...-v. . ...v . ’

t

v

* ems... The

“YANKEES”

By LARRY KAHN '

TIte Albany State nten‘s tennis
team upped their spring record to
4-2 with a 7-2 win over llinghatnton
on Saturday after dropping a
squeaker to Cornell on Thursday.
5-4.

Albany had little trouble with
Binghamton. capturing all six
singles matches. The (‘olonials‘ top
two players were not able to .com-
pete in the match. “We beat the
satire learn iii the SUNYA('s (in the
fall). but they were rnucit weaker
this time." poittted ottt Albany tctt
nis coach Bob l.ewis.

itr straight sets. 7-b.(»3. to increase
his singles record to (pt) litis sprittg.
l4-l overall.

Albany's first singles player.
Barry Levine. Itas been having some
problems this season. but Ite easily
defeated Paul Tct/ano on Satur-
day. 6-1.6-2. “(He‘si starting to get
his gatne back." noted Lewis. “It
hasn‘t been arty one thing; he just
had some problems getting started.
He's playing much better now."

Dave Ulrich. DiHL‘ Lerner. Rob
Karen and Russ Kasow all won their
singles matches for Albany. clin-
citing the matcir before doubles.

But Albany did receive a minor

three-,sct match to 'l‘erzarro and Eric
liit‘lroll. l-6.6-3.6-2 to lower their
record to 4-2 in the spritrg. Il-2
overall. “It was a very bad loss."
l.e\\is said.

liut earlier in the week Levine
and tiabcr Itad “a very good win.“
defeating Cornell’s number one
doubles learn in a pro-set match.
ill-(r. Still. the Danes came up short
against (fornell. one of the but
teams in the liast. sportitrg a 1le
record against tough competition.

“We gave Cornell a good battle;
we came very close to upsetting
them." said Lewis.

“ \’e'vc been playing fairly good
tennis." the coach continued. “I

4r

- Battle it Out With the

Dane third singles player lired setback in dotrbles play. The top thirtk it's hcerrgoittg pretty touch as

‘ (iaber continued his siHIing play team of Levine and (iaber. hopeful expected."
. With two tnore victories. Ile dispos- for a bid to the National tourna- The neutron will meet Rl’l 0" /“ "
ed ot lhrtgharnton‘s Barry Goldberg rncrrt later this season. dropped a 'l'itursday in Troy. ‘1

Netters Successful at Mt. Holyoke

By MICHAEL CARMEN I Itetct pulled out so much grass

ill a match.“ stated 'Mamr. "Joan

 

The next two sets would see more
fabulous tennis and two (r-(r scores.

“California Angel ”

O The women's tennis team didn't Unfortunately for Albany lmth and Nancy. at times. were playing
‘   win the Seven Sisters Tournament tiebreakers would end with the over. their heads and they have
at Mt. Holoyoke. but all involved same results: Sktdtnore vrctorres. rrotlnrrg to he ashamed of rrt their

considered it a successful day. The final score in Light-Phillips' |loss."

Coach Peggy Mattrr brought two ). """mmodu" [MW]?
singles' players arid two dorrbles‘ "‘ 7
teams to compete in the tourna-
ment. Sophomore Lauren lsaaes
started the weekend off in grand
style by defeating Irer tr;'-poltcttl
frotrr Springlicid ('ollcgc. (r~2. 6-2.
Itr Irct second round match lsaacs
came up against a “human
backboard" and fell to a University
of ('onuecticut player. (r-l. 6-1.

“laureu played fabulous tennis.
Site has improsed a lot," praised
Matrrr.

 

 

April 29

The men‘s tennis team split a week of play by defeating liinghamton. 7-2.
anti dropping a close match to Cornell, 5-4. (Photo: Amy Cohen)

 

INNY’S INNER
WORLD OF SPORTS:

 
    

    

‘. i  I o
f " - - '  Iles‘ ‘Ilil w
t .   3 m    [be other Albany sing r y .
h I t A   Sandra Iiorrelle. did not fair as well
if I in Irer first routrd tnatclr. llotrclic
lost to a player ftorn thatotr (‘ol- 4

  
 

'g‘ “"“""“ Iegc. 6-0. 6—4. In the constellation
‘n bracket Iiot't‘eiic. playing with a
swollen eye and bad wrist, defeated
a player competing, for William
Smith, 6-2. 6-0. In the ne\t round
she faced a Mt. llolyokc entry attd
fell. 6—2. 6-1).

"Sandra had a couple of pro-
blettrs arid i ha\c seen Irct pIa_v bet-
ter." added Mann. “She also
double-taltcd trtorc than usual.

Tire Danc's double team
sisting of Albany‘s top two worttcrr
players. Nancy Light and .Ioarr
Phillips. triutnphed rather easily irr
their first round rnatclt. tr-l. 6-3. In
the second rotrud they faced Skid-
more College attd that's when the
fireworks began.

Light and Phillips playing irr
what Mann termed “the roost ex-
citing match I‘ve ever sectr since I l
Itave been coaching," quickly ran
out a 5-0 lead in the first set. They
eventually lost fotrr straight games.
bttt lteid on for a 6—4 set victory.

Men Spikers Fall in First Round

H'l'l‘il’lll'ZN INFII.

 

Its Tuesday again. attd that means it'. in against me one rrtore
tirrre. This week I‘ll qui/ you on the NBA in honor of the start of the
playoffs. Let's hope that postseason play offers us more excitement
tltart this droll year did.

I’ve Ireard grumblings around carrtpus that people were upset that
ltttty hasn’t given his hockey picks yet. To to relieve all the tcttsiott
this has caused. I'll give yott my pick: Before the Rangers were
elitnittated by the islanders last week I had an anatomical problem.
my rnirtd said the Islanders. bttt my heart was with the Rangers. My
mind won.

Good luck with this week's quiz and much thanks to Matt.

 

 

   
 

Tickets: 4
Juniors$15.00 non $18.00

 

LUII-

  
  
 

., .._.‘. -..-.—~.

I. Name the two players in the NBA presently who attended
Cruilford College.

2. Name the only two active players who have played on the team
they currently play with. for ten years?

3. Which is the only tcatn who has two players who did‘nt attend
college. atrd who are they?

4. Name the top three forwards in assists in the l980-8] season?
5. Who did the Knicks trade for Dave Debusschet'e'!

6, Name the two players who led the league in combined scoring for
their team this season.

7. Which two players have the same last name. play for the same
team and were one and two in scoring for that learn?

8. Who was the best three point shoot in the NBA this year?

9. Name the only player who played his college ball at the University
of Massachusetts.

10. Who are the two players who attended Albany State?

ll. Who wrote and sang. the titentc song for the movie “One on

Jﬂﬂﬂr

Includes:

  

 

Tickets, Transportation,
Munchies & Beer!

In the Seven Sister's 'l'ournameat held at Mt. lloiyoke. the women's tennis
learn had a "successful" showing. (Photo: Alan Calem)

   

.~____.

Mason." _g_
III that third gatttc Albarty finally
got on track. The game was tied at

It was not until the third game-of

' . Y "N
“3 l ARR KA the match that Albany was able to

 

 

   

One" starring Robby Benson

LAST QUIZ ANSWERS

Bobby Murcer

Al Downing

Dave Debusschere

Don Hahn

Whitey Ford

Dave Johnson

Tim Foii. Ken Singelton. and Mike .Inrgenson
Jerry Kenny

Seattle Pilots

10. Thurman Manson

emsawéww—

 

George Mason College dc
the Albany State volleyball cltrb itr
the first rotttrd of the Eastern Col-
legiate tournament on Friday at
George Mason. lS-4.l5-3.lS-IZ.
Albany's chances were hurt
severely when star player Michael
Weisrnarr fractured his ribs the day
before the match. “Michael was the
one person who we Irad just revised
a complete new offense around to
utilize his new skills." said Albany
coach Ted Earl. “Unfortunately.
that caused an entire revision in our
offensive tactics. Once the match
started it was a question of us mak-

adjttst. Steve [ilic and .ioc Vilinsky
filled in ably for Weisrnan, bttt Ihcir
inexperience provided George

- Mason with a weak link. which they
took advantage of in the early go-
ing.

“They (lilie and Vilinsky) played
the best I ever saw them play." said
liarl. “They made superior efforts.
but George Mason was able to ex~
ploit their inexperience.

“We were obviously not as sucv
cessfui as we would have liked to
have been." Earl continued. "It
was not until the third game that we
were able to put some offensive and

4-4. but George Mason added st\
unanswered poittts. Albany fought
back to HA). but were Ittrrt by what
liat'l called tltrce “questiotral‘rie”
calls. Mason run their advantage to
14-9. and Albany added three
points before finally losing the
decisive point.

“It was obviously the best game
of the match." said Earl. “We just
,did not get arty breaks."

George Mason will move on to
the next round of the playoffs this
weekend. Albany finished their

 

 

ca ll. Asteroid
_. . season with an 8-7 record.

4naunaazauzzazzazznlunaur

 

defensive pressure on George

Jennifer ' 457-5030 -

 .

line the adjustments mentally."

I’ll(ill/It’ll,I’ll/ItmﬁﬁwfevltlI/xl’ltllxtil/IIIIII/IIIIIIIpIIII,

' . "it"s Verbena“

 

'c . "v. ..'- ’ u. v.~.n-I..,"?.'v,v '»  it. -.t."s's. 14 I..."

     

L

skew...» ..

   

