c? Arpdgei‘2é7Moyt'7, 1982 a I

1.; . mt . -. . 4 .

 

 

 

--    - abc’s'

2. The two messages to be found in Raging Bull. at if you should meet Jake LaMotta. don't
be sarcastic. He Just doesn‘t like It. And b) the movie was really about Marlon Brando and
Frank Sinatra. or at least Martin Scorcese's interpretation of the allure behind those italian
legends. revealed through-an elegant. perverse. highly distorted lens. i always wanted to
say that. and lust finally had the chance. If someone else says it. you know where you heard

it first.

3. No rivers. (This is an incredibly inside Inside Joke that only three or four ASPies might get.

If you feel left out. you should.)

4. The best articles. reviews. and papers get written at four iii the morning. alter 6 hours of
1 iv and little sleep the iright before. due to anxiety over the article. review. or paper. it is

necessary that I believe this.

5. People are quick to criticise. slow to approve. And slower still at handing in an article.
Slower yet are those who leave messages saying that they will get involved once their mid-

terms are oven.

0. What to say to a ZOO-pound housemate when he misses an intratrrural football game to
stay at home and watch the spaghetti sauce: "When you're done. make my bed. scrub the
bathroom. — and button your jersey. it makes you look cheap."

7. When ordering two hamburgers with fried onions at the Rat. ask for the onions oii only
one burger. then spread them across two This will save you twenty cents. Actually. .Joe

taught me this. trot the ASP.

8. That 40 hours of extra~curricualr does mean something. even thouin it rrright be finals
time. and while you may feel a sense ofaccomplishment at the office. it won't be reflected in

your GPA.

9. People pull through. Period.

. By the way. this ts my last issue as Aspi'cts editor. The section is being turned over to
some. or at least a pair of. very talented hands Help her out in the. fall Some people have
to be thanked for making thialast three semesters what they were —~ but cryptically. Very
cryptically So here's to all the Andrews and Roberts in the world. atid Vic. and Mr. R. my
two special ladies. and Yeshiva High School's class of 1978. And to anyone else I might
have missed. And especially to l. M . who besides reading every article (and thereby losing
all objectivity). managed to produce a convmcing recommendation

54/): <.";~~\ a

'Til Newsday -—

' fter 6 semesters on the ASP. this is what i’ve learned:

I. The truth behind the Pogolsm. "We have met the enemy. and they is us." For a few
‘rtoments back there. we were pretty famous. Or notorious. as the case may be. And we all
spent the weekend screaming at the t.v. and groaning after each article. “They got it wrong!
They got It wrongl" Only later did we realize that we are they. and if we decide to cast our
lots with this profession. we'd better not forget it. We can send quite a bit of power through
the black screen of the video display terminal. more than we ever thought. Accepting a
position on any level of the business. and you take on the responsibilites of all levels.

 

/

 

 

B'ERVL. HAD HIT UPON A WAY
t'll‘ Hi l.ll.‘.V|l\lG TH}; l'l'li‘iU/v‘i OT‘
militi- ABEHGHAE'I'S LESSONS

3a

centerfold

6a

7a
8a

“Anni.” offers advice on how not
to luccuad In bullncll — especially
it it'- Dnddy'l. Read Hoosier. Dickey,
and Miles on the Pcrupcctlveo page.

The 'lhupc of things to come: a
Ioolt at where you may ctnnd in three
wool“. and Ill inquiring loolt at what
8 grade think about their hopes for
the future. Page 4:.

Give my regard. to State Streetl
Jim Dixon call. It quite pfter four
years. John Hurt and Ryan O'Neni
are Partners in a new ﬂick. and
SPAC announces Its Sari-toga party
for the summer.

The end of the road for SCS III. as
grandpa lowers the boom. And
University Gallery ends the year with
a hang.

The last Divarsion page of tin,»
year. But be forewarned: it'll in-
back.

cover by David firooks

Tuesday's Celebration photos rucri' filhi'ti '
Susun Mindich. Sorry. Sue.

 

  
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
 

Juniors -

. Linda Alcheh
Mark Amado
.Aron Arias
Donna Basko
Wayne Brumer
Brian Clarke
Alison Cohen
Brad Colman
Tim Covilfe
Ira Frome '
Nancy Halloran
Mala Kessler
Blake Marson

 

  

 

‘ “Beta Gamma Sigma, the national
society, wishes to congratulate the following
students who have accepted membership.
They will be inducted on May 10th at .7pm'in the

 

 

Patroon Room.

Donald Ostrower
Thomas Shillieto
Barbara Wall
Jonathan Wolk
Larry Wood
Seniors
Chris Brassard
Joel Hammer
Ari Hartstein

Jeff Janiszewski

Tina K’rauitz
Susan Leveill
Loretta Macrillo

Laura Schildkraut
Felecia Speetjens

 

Graduate Students

Carla AI—Ani
Katherine Greenthal
. Bruce Horowitz

Anne Marie Kurtz
Fred Marsheimer
JoBette McCann-Boos
Carol Nelson

Kenneth Newman

Phyllis
Robert

Pricilla

Dawn West

business honor

'Reals, Jr. '
William Romania

    

 

Pollack

Weller

   

 

Vertex...

L‘le

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

'—'~

 

 

Fame
Or

Fortune

 

Jonathan Miles

 

i left campus late one Friday night in
March. amidst a great deal of partying and
carrying on by the students. i made it as
far as the Tacorric State Parkway on my
way to New York when out of the
darkness looiired a man wildly waving his
arms with blood running down his face. in
a moment I was kneelier beside lilnr on a
deserted highway at one a.m. as he Lay
semi-conscious and possibly dying
following an automobile accident. Quite a
change frorii what was still going on at the
Albany State Campus.

Two weeks ago I found tnyself lit the
itrlatid mountains of the Dominican
Republic. passing through wretched villages
situated amidst beautiful scenery. The
people lived in ilny shacks without water or
electricity, the focus of their day scratching
out an existence Children ran after the car
I was tti. begging A few days later I was
back in a Si lNY Albany dormitory,

The value of these events for me was
that lltt‘V helped to raise the curtain oti the
trial world. a world that we all know is out
there but choose to ignore. Our lives are
largely segregated from death and poverty.
two visitors that will greatly change one's
lit't’SDt't‘lin‘. should they arrive. The
diockwl litiL‘l’le they bring may be one of
llti‘ few tunes people sit down and really
think about life and what it means.

Now is probably a good time to do a
little thinking about an it\'t’l\'li’\\.’ of lift'.
because we're at llll’ end of a school year
or. for some. a school career. There tlit'
two great divisions around which we
construct our late: schooling and working.
the structured life and goal setting and
social pleasures which accorrrpatry school
life are already ending so soon; they‘ll be
replaced by new structures and goals and
social intrigues which accompany working
life.

The point comes. however. when there
are no nrore structures: goals. or societies
to occiipy our attention any more. What
do we then do with our old people to keep
them busy until they die? We shunt them
into a home. where they are segregated
from us. We seek to inspire them with tales
of grandmothers who run marathons.
thinking that they too will be happy if they
can find new goals to occupy themselves.
Or else we tell them to live on memories.
as they are what is really important. This I
isn't a pity piece for the old, however. We
are the old; we'll be there before you know

It.

What the old must realize as they drift
away is that the human quest for
accomplishment and ultimately recognition
is finite and temporal. People seek fame to
establish their legitimacy as a human being.
and perhaps to "live on in the memory of
others." But when we have all lived and
died the most famous of us will be but a
line or two in a thick history book. and. to
paraphrase Thoreau. our skeletons won't
be distinguishable from anyone else's.

There are some of us who do give up
on the pursuit of goals and fame as an
unw0rthy lifestyle; they, however. choose
to replace one temporal illusion with
another. They live their lives in a cloud of
sensual gratification. be it through sexual
preoccupation or drug experimentation.
This fleeting dream is no better or worse
than the school-work dream. In both cases,
as society exhorts to live life to the fullest.
a secret timeciock ticks away in the back of
the mind as life slips away. something

' cannot really be enjoyed as.the-fear of .-

 

.“. .... . . ...¢......,.,.,,. ,

 

May 7. 1982/page 3a

 

 

growing old hovers nearby; at best only
appearances can be kept up.

I have. then. the must respect for the
integrity of two types of people: those who
give up on life in despair. and those who
seek that which might be eternal. Those
who give up have failed. but they've been
too honest also to live a false life based oti
illusion
There is. however. that which is neither
lickli.l fameI or physical pleasure: man ttr
search of an understanding of his eternal
spirit, And it takes a special kitid of
understanding which can't be found
through the senses or theI mind. as all their
knowledge has come through observation
of the physical and temporal. The way
man learns about his spirit is through
revelation; \vlmt rciniims is to sort through
the various alleged revelations circulating in
the world today
Perhaps the end of school alone is
enough to prompt its to search for
understanding; for some it will only be
death or poverty which brings them face- -
to-face with their illnnoiis.

 

Worldiiepou

Private
Life ‘

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

Open up your eyes and realize
l’m gonna take what i can like any other
l'lf say any damn thing that you want me to
Cause it don't mean a thing to me

--Erlc Wool/son & Alan Parsons

A bell in a distant church tower chimes
upon the hour. The sounds of the city
swell upward and fuse with the air forming
clouds of electromagnetic waves. Some of
these waves appear as light while some of
them pound upon my eardrums. Elliptical
forms transmit both verbal and non-verbal
messages: Life pulsates tn the veins of my
thoughts.

Great well-springs of knowledge embed
themselves deep within the collective
unconscious. Such is the case as l begin
another Tuesday. The weather seemingly
has remembered to bring us spring like
conditions now that May has arrived.

A telephone in the home of a distant
neighbor sings its bittersweet song in hopes
. that someone will hear it. Turning away
from my muses I reach out for the “real
world." lnstead i find a telvislon set with
news of a distant war in the South Atlantic.

The arrival of the postman removes me
.from one world and places‘me within
' another. A letter from a long lost friend

 

 

 

 

provides both toy and sorrow. As usual this.

 

fueling soon passes. l'tn In the midst of
transition, a never-ending series of
changes

Yes. l'm still going thrrt changes.
Someone or something should find that
asshole .lohn or Jane Doe and give thetn a
swift kick Joe and Susie Normal and their
2 it kids. perfectly adjusted to an insane
world i don't know about you but l've
never seen 3 of a poison (and i hope l
ttl'VL‘t will)

Recognizing that this line of thought wtil
suivc no useful immediate purpose I
exchange H for depression Now that's
sonictlnng that 1 can identify with. Hot
damn. llllllt'hl*ltt-gtﬂtillllfhs depression. Just
the thought of it is well depressing the
only thing that come.» i lost! is maybe a
nwantnglvss sexual encounter

.lust wlwn l'm really getting into a real
good depimsion a friend stops by. You
Coll itlwitys t’iittitl titt l)t‘t)[)lL’ lti mess Up
your “shit” when you got something good
going

“i ley man, what's the deal A'int seen
you til it dog's ago What's the matter tin.-
worrrc-n won't lUth.’ you alone," l look out
into space knowing full well that there is no
answer IllL’It.‘

“.lust brion dealing with life And as for
llil' women let's just say that they are all
present and accounted for " His eyes
twinkle as I speak and he gives me a
knowing wink of the eye.

“The reason i stopped by was that . . .
what was the reason i stopped by? Oh.
now l remember there is this deal going
down tonight. 1 though I would ask you if
you wanted in or not." The tension in his
voice worries me. What's this mother up
to.

“What deal? i don't get your drift. I hope
you're not still trying to get me to do your
dirty work." «

"Naw. lidW it not like that bro. I've got a
date tonight with this package but she
won't show unless you take on her sister."
lf looks could kill is all that i can think of.
Play it cool. keep calm you haven't even
seen this blind date.

“Look man. I like you a lot but you are
pushing my limits. What's the matter with
this female in question? is she a mercy
hump? is that the deal?” The heat in my
words Is not lost upon my friend.

“You've got it all wrong man. the girl
just wants you to go out with her sister." l
smell a “rat"'somewhere.

"You said girl. how old is this female
anyway. You're not trying to set me up
with some jallbalt are you?"

“Calm down bro. she's more tlian_3
ltimes 7, if that '5 what you mean.”

"And just how did this Idea get started
anyway? You haven't been up to your old
match making tricks again have you?"

“Ok. ok . . . if you're not interested I’ll
just have to find somebody else to fill in."
it's the old guilt trip. For now I'll play
along.

“I didn’t say I wasn’t Interested. l'm lust
- not sure I have all the data I need to make
lan enlightened self-interested decision.’
on to my facade but 1 don't care. I just
want him to come clean with me.

“Look are you down or aren't you? We
igot to know now. l've things to do as l'm
'sure you do also." Stonewallan it is he.
ilHe must'have’a-lotnding bri-tfiis‘dealif, . :

 

That's his problem though. i‘m not sticking
my . . . well let's Just say l'm not sold on
the Idea.

"Sorry man. i wish I could help you out.
but 1 Just don't like the vibes l'm picking
up." To say that he is crestfallen would be .r

»a gross understatement. 56 it goes in this

world. Just when you're sure you've got
something going there's always somebody
coming along to piss on your parade.EJ

To

 

Marl: Rooster

Dear Annie.

Help! I am about to graduate frotn
college and my folks want ow to go into
my Uncle Bill's textile business | irate
textiles! But Darkly won‘t take no for art
answer lle trisists that I work my way up
front the bottom. so l have to go through
an inteivrcw to get .i lob 1 don't even want.
is there anything I can do"

Looking for ltlllilltitL’lll tti l../\.
Dear Looking.

We should all have iytltll piobliiins
kiddo. 1 know plenty of [)i’tllill.’ who would
take any rob But altit’t‘ l'rn til it good
mood today. l'll answer your question.

of course there are ways of screwing up
that interview and here are some helpful
hints:

ll After shaking hands \\lllt the
itttervtcwer, look closely. nin itr disbelief
and say. “i always heard it was impossible
to move up in a company if you Wore
polyester " This should get things off to a
good start.

2) it is important that you be relatively
polite throughout the whole ordeal, An air
of superiority is important; let he or she
know that you. not them. are doing Uncle
Bill a favor by being llit'il‘

3) As i said. answer all questions politely
and honestly (but don't exaggerate. Uncle
Bill already did it for you). but make sure
to act disinterested. At least twice you
should ask to have the (prestion repeated.
this way even the most tnindless -
interviewer will seir'seitliat you're bored.

4) When the formal aspect of the
interview is over. you will invariably be
asked if your have any questions. Now is
our time to shine.

Your first question should not be about
duties or salary or even vacation. You
should ask about lunch and break- \
scheduling — this will give the impression
that you are not an especially hard worker.

5) Your next series of questions should
be of a personal nature. Ask the
' interviewer if he or she is married. lf'yes.
ask to see a picture of the spouse and then
laugh when they show it. it is also a good
idea to laugh at the names of their children
or say. “i had a dog with that name once."

6) Since you are the boss's relative. it is
possible that some thick headed interviewer
may think you are lust being friendly and
amusing. if 5/ he seems to be enjoying your
performance. a simple. “What an asshole."
muttered loudly under your breath should
put an end to it.

7) Make sure you look at your watch '
almost constantly during the interview.
.After about 15 minutes get up. say. “I
'really can't miss General Hospital today"
and leave. Do not shake hands or say
thank you. '

8) This type of behavior should alienate
any interviewer with half a brain, but one
or two may like your aggressive nature and
offer you the job. in this instance demand a
huge starting salary. if they give in on this
final point. accept the offer — alterybll job

 

I'Sblléfécllbn”ltn'trhllérylhlngﬁl ‘ ’. .‘,'

,. _,.-

 

