 

 

. 5,

page dafﬁprti 23, t981_

Non—Stop. Academic

Between TheLines’ At TheDepauw Undergraduate g

On April 15 . 17. Da'urd Brooks flew to In-

dianapolis. IN to present a paper in the 1982

Depauw University Undergraduate Ilorrors
Conference. For the past eight years the
conference has selected papers from all
greas ol-Rlietoric. Coiiintunicntioti. and
Theater rchiclt demonstrate ct high level n/
academic achieuenterit. The following is an
essu,‘ Lilioitt nis experiences and thoughts
during ilie conference:

hen l boarded the station wagon
to Depziuw University I knew i
was lit for a real ride. Tire driver
.:,-r~e.t us. "So. what did ya all do in come
mi...“ One of the girls iii the cat with us
remarked. "We all wrote great papers 'cause
we‘re all real smart!" The diner paused for a
minute and said. "You guys ain't smart. y'all
can IUSLliLillb‘lttl ltyiigtjlitlirtllttlustof them "

David 5. Brooks

K T uould lune tilikrctri offense Willi. lris
remark cxtept for the resenatrons i had
aborit mt aradt-riirc abilities and the taiidiiv
of holding a conference ttr honor
undergraduate scholarship After seeing
some of tiny students here at Albany. there
were serious doubts in ttiv llilllll about
undergraduate .ri'liir'veinent
But it looks good on the iesrirrie
There is a great t'tjiivlilllltllltii mine to
these i oirleielices ll you've erer \ioiketl tt|
ciedilili; hard on a paper an ret cited an "A."
it sorrrctunes isn't enough "l lell. all I got uas
a lousy A lts worth more tlrati that! What
about some real recognition!"
A tonfereuce like this series two put
poses. i) It helps coddle the t'iprs of llll'
pseudii»iritellectrials who aren't satisfied With
the pra:se of merely one professor atrd 2) it
allows you to route iti (otrtart with other
people -.‘. your field who are rust as excited
by ' as you are it was the second purpose
ii..ri affected me so much
he ride to the tiiineisrty was hot
and stuffy. mostly due to the tlrl\t‘l
leavmg the heat on t‘tl’lt though it
was on" outside Weaving and dodgrnq
pick-ups with shotgun racks on brirnpy. tiai
row backttiards I slowly got a feel for the air
rounding countryside
We past a large field filled With every type
of tractor aird plow irninagrnalile. There
were literally thousands of machines out in
the sun I asked the driver what they were all
for. “liiiplitirerits auction." he said gravely
We arrived in flieencastle. home of Joe
and Ellen's Catfish House Then on past
rows of circadepression range houses and
the "Big li" Slttiv‘ttttrltki‘l This coiiitiruriity ts
not cosmopolitan by any means
Nor is It a dixeis'e tornmuriity There are
about Z’iil ilnirches. all bible-belt Christian
sects to s. .r- W (Hill people TheCliristiuu
tide almost rises up onto the campus. tradi~
tiorially tlie rrninoial island of the communi»
ty. Bras and short hair are in fashion.
There are some very refreshing and plea-
sant aspects of this campus that took time
getting used to. I am not sure whether ii is
due to the hiin moral code or the fine
academic buildings or the all pervasive
Greek system Whatever the cause it was a
pleasure to sit in the student uiiiotr iii a
couch without coke status or cigarette burns
in it. There are fine oils on the walls. and
plush carpets on the floors None of it has
been damaged to the extent i have seen in
most of the Northeastern schools l've visited.
l'm not sure what came first. an upper
class attitude that respects fine surroundings
or line surroundings whose elegance de-
mand respect through Intimidation i suspect
it rs a little of both.
ne of the frets i stayed with was
Delta Chi (DX). “The Ranch" was
their chapter house. located on
"frat row." the main street through the
Depauw campus. DX was the frat to win
the“ Little lndy‘ﬁfif)."1)epauw's answer to
the lndla‘na University bicycle ra,celdepicted
‘ lilr.' V“V.‘r.‘

I in l'Bre'thlng Alt/u y.

 

camanrorn '

 

r'F‘. 'iirnq-

 

 

it was interesting to meet the 'guys In the l   ". .

frat since i hated them so much in the movie.
Alter all. the students in the {rats all but
destroyed the Cutters of Blooniington. Or at
least thats the way Steve 'l'esicli saw it,

l‘got a clearer picture of the conflict from
Pat. tny host at l)X, He explained it as being
analogous to the Will" between student and
professor. another class conflict.

u’l‘liese guys (professors) work their butts
off for $20.00“ a year and iii comes soirie
preppy student who's father is making
$Frti,(ititt to Silftliittitt-for doing shit. That
prof has got to feel alienated and hostile to
the student ' l‘iie satire is true for the Cut-
ters.

Planning for this year's race. the fix team
was inventing some psychological warfare
against their rivals from last year's race.
Alpha Tau ()mega lATU)

"You know how on the bar k of their shirts
it says 'I-lollow The Leader") Well. how
about we print rat the backs of ours ‘Tlie
Leader'l" said Todd. my host's rooiiinrate

'Ye-ilr. that's great. T” r tit lllL' fsilkl st'it'eii
i’lii-y'll love it "

 

tomorrow
lie roiifeience toiisisted trl

speeches and workshops in the

field of l\‘hetoirr arid ('otniirunica
uorr At its heart were three sessions of
discussion tonieiniirg strident papers lead
by the visiting scholars: fir. (‘airoll Aiirold
fitiiii l’eiin State lir’ ()scai ('r liiockr'tt.
University of Texas arid Dr Susan l'
Lastinan, Indiana Uitneisrty lJi Arnold
lead the group I was iii.

The questions concertiig itry paper Were
tough but I|\’\('t‘ difficult enough to be eme
baiiassing | tiiirrk there is a reluctance on
eieiyorre‘s part. drscttsstorr leader included.
to call someone oti a poitit foi fear of not
knowing the field well enough to base a cori-
terition ('iiticisni Ls tirade difficult in these
types of situations since the subtecls are so
spL‘t'trilllt'Ll

llecause of the lack of hard criticistir. lrtnits
go out the window. Broad gerrerali/rrtiotis
and "far-reaching" implications are often the
guidelines for discussion. In a sense the con»
fereiice tries to insure the future growth of
the field by encouraging young scholars l5ut
what is particularly annoying is the lack of
critical pragmatism No one is encouraged
not to follow a particular line of thought. No
one is encouraged to avoid meaningless
study or wasted effort.

The conference is a potential breeding
ground for all the things I find wrong wrtli

 

 

Dr. Carroll Arnold. Penn State Uniuersity.

upper level education. In casual conversa-
tion i told a few people that I did not plan to
continue on to grad school. Most people
reacted with undue shock and dismay. “To
go onward. higher arid ever~exparidlng itr
scope and ego." lcan see the start of that this
weekend. A blind willingness to expand the
field and root out meaningless similarities
between two or more studies.

Alter a few hours of discussion like this i
felt like screaming “Who cares if your
'ethnomethodological investigation' is similar
to her ‘comrrruntcatlve-perspectivtsm' ap-
proach? What's the. point? What's the pur-

" vr‘. .. :V... .rt‘

‘ prﬁe? "'

     

 

 

 

tiut, on the other hand. there were a few
papers which did have some purpose and a
few which could even make me more eii~
thrisiaslic aboirt academics. One girl frorii
Northwestern produced a critique of the
darling of American Industrial inauagetirent.
l'lit'tit‘y Z.

She revealed that. while the workers at-
titudes towards the companies liaVe improv~
ed drastically in Japan. there is a real danger
concerning the sense of "coriitnunity" which
develops within an organiattiorr You are
not "John Q. l’ublic" but rather a Toyota
litre-worker first 'l'lieir individuality is being
sacrificed for the sake oi corporate
homogeneity.

The rrressages from the corirpariy. in built
words and actions. stress a blind allegierice
In the firm. Theory Z is very lrittriaiiistic iii iii-
‘enl but its rhetoric reveals a wolf iri sheep's
i'ltitltiltg.

t's a trip to meet people from Texas.

New Mexico. California. lirdiana.

Kentucky. and Kansas and still have
Sir much in L'Uitttlitlli. There is not that riiucli
difference iii taste. although it took me live
minutes to explain to a bartender how to
make a “Long island Ice Tea."

But sonietitiies there were differences
One girl told the test of us. over drinks. that
she was planning to purchase a hand-gun for
her own protection. Her reasoning was that
she was alrriosl attacked once and that two
of her friends were raped and beaten.

“No one is ever going to do that to me."
she said resoundiiigly. “They're gniirg to die
first."

This. as can be expected. put a damper on
the conversation for awhile. One student.
the "chic-liberal" frorii the white wine and
brie set. began a half»heerrted debate with the
girl but gave Lip when he could see how futile
the effort would be. A few others around the
table looked nervous. The girl felt notie of
tire pressure and took a long sip from her
glass ol~“Stroh's". Finally. she came out with
a dirty joke which had everyone laughing.
There is something ironic about all this. but
I'd rather pass than try to analyze it.
Ihe“after meetings." Sitting down
and talking with a girl from Enier~
son College i found out that she
and l were both involved in inter-religious
relationships. We both had too many pro-
blems in common. Our discussion went the
way most college bullshit sessions go. but
there was a lot of preliminaries which seem-
ed unnecessary. The conversation had an
intensity which is rare except In situations
where there Is a strong. mutual bond. in this
case the bond'was an enthusiasm for Com~.
niuntcation. Without that bond. the conver-
sation would “have probably thndled to a

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

ffosi College. Depnttrtr University. Greeticastle fN.

superficial gloss. i felt i made a good friend
since we shared so much. even before u.
liirfl

This is perhaps the most iriipurtarit asperr
til these types of conferences: coming lltlti
close contact with people with whom you
share so much. Admittedly the purpose and
worth are. at times. dubious After all. as I
said before. topics such as "Self (.‘oniep
tualtzaltoti and Situational Influences on
liiscrete Conflict Resolution Strategies" are
not going to grab the world by the balls and
turn it inside out. In fact. even if you do not
accept the value of any academic coir
ference. there is a certain value about sc‘t'littt
these "scholars" as real people.

There is a liar iii downtown (Ereeircastic
called “l).B. Cooper's." named for the itr
famous Washington State Skyjacker It's a
grubby. aged \vood type of place wrtli a
leaky toilet and a parachute liutig from llli'
ceiling for effect To sit with students.
pseudo-scholars of Rhetoric. and finish off
pitchers of "Stroli's" while telling dirty Jokes
is an interesting experience. These are the
academic vanguard. the prolessrrrnals of
tomorrow. and yet they are almost as i'lllili'
and degenerate as most students. Their per
sorral. real selves are very accessible, ewn
though their lofty. eloquent prose and com
plex thoughts might not be.

Better still was the other group oi students
who went drinking Willi some of the guest
speakers. Drinking with a fellow student is
one thing but to drink with a well respected
professor is an utter joy. These are the peo
ple who wrote our textbooks! My god. how
can they act and talk this way!

The. same revelation about personal ac
cessibility goes here too. l'ni not sure what
the emotions are. whether it is pride arid
honor to be iii their inner circle or merely a
perverse thrill to see 'em get drunk. I don't
know. But their books and articles We read
iii the past take on a new facet. They lit-cattle
living thought. it's like seeing a postcard of
the Empire State Building and then actually
going there. There is so much more to be
had in person.

'ai sure that these conferences will
serve to motivate a good portion of
the participants to follow the
righteous path of academics. But it didn't
convince me that i would be making a grave
error to go out and find a "real" job. i at)-
preciated the experience of going to one of
these events though. i met a lot of famous
scholars and appreciated them as human be»
“195. i met a large segment of college
students from all across the country and I
had a good time. . .
And it looks good on the resume. l l
I!“ ' * IpliottrlbvDnvtiilltonks

April 23. 1982/page 5a

[he Dating Game

 

a].-- a... _.. .. .1”

. .1 .
[- CENTERFOLD

  

 

 

  

Start The RevolutionWIthout Me

or many young adults women's

itberatlonis considered a rallying

cry of the '70'5. Those‘embrotled
in the turmoil of the sexual revolution are
now over age 30.

1 Beth Sexer k]

The aftermath of all this social conflict
produced new conceptions of the sex roles
of men and women and of the relationships
tliat’take place between them. _

A group of SUNYA students discussing
the effects of women's liberation agreed that'
the emergence of the independent woman
changed the way men and women develop
relationships. in fact. it appears as If the idea
of "dating" has become outdated.

instcd of dating. said Mary C . many
students go out in groups. Since it‘s accep-
table for women to go out alone to meet
people — in bars. for example — they can
get to know men outside the traditional
dating structure.

Also with their freedom in iirovernciit.
women have the opportunity to make
friends with men. not just date them “We're
tiucniiiiiig people. rather than men and
women." said Laura P

And those who do want to date will fitid
approaching someone easier. “Now that
men have women as lirerids. it's no big deal
asking someone out.“ said Randy H. “Meir
can relax knowing they don't have to tlhttll'
taiii the image of the superior malt! while the
woman hangs on to his arm." he said

lint the ideal situatoti is for a relationship
to develop out of a friendship Without going
through the ritual of dating. added Randy it

When dating does occur. though. it takes
on a different foriir than the one orii parents
tL’titUttllIGI'. Now it's not always easy to tell
when one person is attracted to another.
Usually when a man was attracted to a
woman he asked her out. Today. expressing
feelings for another should be a "shared pro-

Her es-—The Love Bu

What Is

 

 

 

position." said Marybeth H. But with
everyone wondering who should make the
first move. “you learn to follow signals. find
unspoken signs . . ."

.Wltlclt brings up the question ,— wlio does
make the first move?

Although Marybeth H. said that she likes
imake her own decisions. she wouldn't want
to Initiate a relationship. “l'm sttll trapped in
that 'good girls don‘t" attitude." I

But all the female students agreed that
there's nothing wrong for a woman to risk a
man out if she wants to. Like the male
students. they would rather have control
over the. situation. even if they face rejectton.

The male students agreed that Woman
should be allowed to feel coriifortable asking
men out. but are not completely at ease with
the practice

"l respect and admire women who do it."
said Bill 5. but he added that lie is not used
to that happening. yet.

And Randy H. mentioned the "perfor-
mance pressure" when the woman acts as
the aggressor, Now that women pick the
men out. he said. riieii are now in the un»
corrrfoitable position of living up to worrieri's
expectations.

Martha l-‘itclr. director of
SUNYA‘s Human Sexuality
.eiiter poriiterl out that both sexes approve
of the woman playing the role of the ag
gres’soi in theory. but few women have done
it. and few men feel corriloitable With it.

Aiid l’iolcssor Caroline WdlL‘l’tnilti who
teaches tr Human Sexuality course at
IsliNYA agreed that this is the case regar-
ding sex lives as well as social relationships
“Despite the SU-CallL’d sexual revolution and

(it'iiesls.
Resource

the worrien's liberation iirovement itiriles and
females still generally conform to traditional
sex roles regarding sexual behavior Studies
have shown that males still usually play the
role of initiator and controller of the sex act.
and females usually still play the role of linrrt

setting.

This,

Thing Called,

Love?

he sexual liberatinii

down upon its in the sixties

spouting free love arid inspired
many to explore their sexuality and experi~
iiierrt with various partners. The effects of
this became apparent lit the seventies. iii lll'
creased abortion rate and record high for
IL'IJorted cases of syphilis and gonnrliea A
\‘lI’LtS infection that has become the maror
venereal diseasu of the eighties is genital
hurries. an infection that can have serious
consequences. but unlike any other venereal
disease. does not have any effective perma-
nent medical ti'eatiiient. Moreover. the
l‘L’TPL‘S Symptoms tend to occur over and
over. lying dormant for many months. arid
then recurring without any reason or
stimulation.

showered

 

Debbie Millman

There aTJRvUTypeE tr'FtiEFra—ési'i‘ire first
Wile is relatively harmless and simply causes
lliL’ Common cold sore or affects the skin
above the waist. The second type causes a
disease below the waist. primarily on the
genitals. The vesicular lesions occur on the
vulva. pertncum. vagina and cervix in
Women. lesions on the penile shaft. prepuci.
ularis penis. and (less frequently) sémtuni
and perineum in men. The Infection is
spread by close physical contact between an

infected person and an uninfected person
According to fit Gillespie in the HUNYA in
firmarv. "One affected. sypmtorns usually
become apparent in about a week The slim
lesions are vesctcles (small skin "bubbles" fill-
ed with clear fluid) which cause little pain.
These vescicles then break down forming
open raw areas that are extremely tender in
general the painful skin lesions last l~ll
weeks and their heal spontaneously "

ller‘pes’ is a member of a large family of
viruses that cause such common diseases as
chicken pox. shingles and mononucleosis.
Although the Virus has been kriowu for quite
SOHIL' time it was not until the late 1900's
that Dr Andre Nahmias of Atlanta's Emory
University School of Medicine and Dr.
Walter |)owdle of CDC identified herpes and
discovered it could be transmitted sexually.

But for many victims. the end of their iti-
itial infection is only the introduction of their
experience with this disease. After these first
lesions heal. the virus can move frorii the
genitals along nerve pathways into the dorsal
root ganglion at the end of the spine. There it
will lie dormant until it decides to reappear
on the skin and genitals I

Twenty to thirty-live percent of adult

Americans have some form of recurring
herpes infections. While most people are ex-
posed to some type of herpes at some point.
most do not develop lhedlsease. This might y

 

These social scripts reduce the oppor-
tunities for females to exert active control
over their sex lives. They also put a lot of
pressure on males to be assertive when they
might prefer to be passive and to be the ones
to risk reiectlon."

Over ten years after traditional sex roles
came under fire. people are still torn bet-
ween deeply ingrained socialyalues and the'

destre to act naturally and comfortably within
the male-female relationship As Fitch
pointed out. it is the fit) + year old
sociologists. psychologists. and former par-
ticipants in the sexual revolution who are
studying and researching the affects of that
period on our present society. But young
people today are still grappling with the sexA
ual and social issues of the past
generation. I I I

 

 

 

 

owner

 

be because of small varieties iii the different
strains of lltl' \ tins or natural resistance to the
disease Also. many herpes victims have
such tiiild infections that they aren't ewn
aware that they have the disease These
"syinptornli'ss" cth'riets are who have helped
make herpes an epidemic

Last month the US l'rrod arid l)iug Ad
ministration approved a drug lliat seems to
lie the first to have sortie effectiveness against
herpes Applied as an ointment. the drug
/\L‘Y(.'f.()VI/r‘ increases the healing of the
sore. and. possibly. reduces the period of
the contagion it is not quite the “miracle
drug" eagerly anticipated by herpes .sulr
feiei‘s. but It has shown benefits. However.
the drug does not eliminate latent infection.
and is not a permanent cure. The drug does
not get at the virus in the spinal nerve cells.
“This is really the prototype of a class of anti-
viral dr'ugs that i think We'll be hearing about
in the l‘JHti' says Dr. Lawrence Corey of
the University of Washington ﬁchool of
Medicine.

According to Janet Hood. Director of the
SUNYA Infirmary. “There is a great riutiiber
of SUNYA students with this problem. we
see as many cases oi herpes as we do proven
cases of goriorliea." Her suggestion : "The
best thing to do is to cool it - wait to have sex
and then stick to one person."

Common sense and meticulous hygiene
are the only other ways to curb herpes. To
prevent spreading of the virus. sexual part‘
tiers should avoid close contact. Doctors
warn victims to discontinue sexual contact _'

 

 

 
  

photo by Marc l‘leiischel

froiti the iiittial Ititlitrtltiitls of an r ttrriente
tiiitil after the last lesion has disappeared.
Hr'iattliiiu; should be rl\il1ill'(l and the air
let‘ied person should lratlie often and keep
infected areas as il|\. as possible to avoid
more growth

lleipes \‘ictiriis can help ear h other over
the psychological problems The Herpes
Resource ('eiitei of l'alo Alto. (,‘alifoitiia
stitiltsiits fit) l llil.l’ iiili rps around the couri-
Irv According to Neu aveek. one of the most
delicate questions raised at l'li:l.l’ sessions:

When to tell a prosper lt\'i‘ partner you have
wipes)” As expected. the answers vary.
urine vrctirris are quite willing to disclose
heir disease. while other are more defensive
rbout it. Many victims say that their attitudes
iwairl sex have changed because of their
vxpeiierice. and have given Lip casual rela<
rons‘hips for deeper. more serious ones.

iii any case. the herpes vtctitri should seek
riedical help. There can be serious side ef~
'ects. Kerrititis. an eye infection. can develop
as can brain damage. The incidence of cer-
vicnl cancer is four times higher among
women with herpes than it is among those
free of the disease. A pregnant woman with
an active case may pass the virus to her baby
durliig delivery. often resulting in a severe
anc potentially fatal form of encephalitis.
Also there is some evidence that the virus
can be contagious even between attacks. so
clearly there is an urgent need for effective
and permanent treatment to be developed.
Until then. caution. abstinence. and
ACYCLQ‘VIR will have to do.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

