death Visa

 

Campus Cover-Ups
Rape is a Reality

 

Lauren Bu'rston

According to Webster's Dictionary. rape
is deﬁned as a crime of sexual intercourse
by force. This is not something you hear
people on campus talk about very often.
It'snot a very pleasant subject. Unfor-
:unately lack of discussion leads to lack of
awareness, and lack of awareness leads to
lack of self-protection. It's time women
hear the truth and protect themselves.

l’m a student here at SUNYA and l've
spoken to women who have gone and still
go to other schools. some in this area and
-.)me in other. areas. The stories are all
irnilar. The school papers print‘ articles
about how safe the campuses are. Unfor-
tunately a friend‘of mine at Union College
doesn't think her‘ campus is all that safe.
Last year there was a rapist in Schenectady

attacking town residents and students. The
only reason she knew about him was
because a friend of hers was one of his vic-

..‘.‘It can happen

to any female. ”

bar stops. A number of women did ﬁght to
restore the service but were unsuccessful. l f
more women had been aware of the danger
perhaps more would have fought and
maybe they would have won.

These cases are not propaganda. The on
ticies that hide the truth are the propagan-
da. The newspapers use words such as

reported or recorded to conceal the true

statistics. One of‘the ﬁrst things one learns
in an introduction to Statistics course is the
importance of specifying exactly what
you're talking about. Statisticians know the
effects of using such words! Recorded and
unrecorded are two very different things.
How many on-campus police say. “She'll
be alright. she'll be alright" and never fill
out the complete report? There is a real
danger in hiding the truth. Women are not
aware of the danger. They are not
prepared. They are not doing anything to

 

tims. One of my suitcmates who transferred
from Brockport tells a similar story. A
friend of hers was raped at 8:00 in the even-
ing in the alley between two dorms. Albany
is no different!

fAn article in last semester's ASP‘said that
there were no rapes on camptts during the
fall semester. A woman i know who works
at one of the counseling centers in Albany
doesn't agree. Through her channels there
she knows of a rape that occurred here at
SUNYA last semester. The victim was at-
tacked whlile walking home from work on
campus at, l l:00 pm. on a Weeknight.

Just last year there was a rapist in
Albany. The SUNYA buses were stopping
at every corner upon request sothat women
wouldn't have to walk alone very far at
night.

This service was abolished. The reason
given was that the buses were being used as

9

protect themselves! The facts are available!
How many of your female friends have at-
tended a women's self defense workshop?
ilow many of them know how to defend
themselves? The truth must not be evaded.
Women must be aware so they can do what
they cart'for their own safety. - '

it's easy to look away and say it can't
happen to you or someone you care about.
You're wrong! it can happen to any
female! it can be your girlfriend, your wife,
your mother. your best friend. YOU! Don‘t
wait for something to happen. Don't wait.
for the statisticians or the police or the
newspapers to tell it like it is. it may be too
latcl Seek the information and tell your
friends. Attend the workshops. You'll feel
safer and be safer. There are rapists in every
town, no matter how big or small. Prepare
yourself and your friends so that you’ll
never be part of misrepresented rape
statistics.

Y0

\Nlltlll TO BE WHE

.GROW UP?

   
 
     
 
   
   
  
 

 

Innocent Victim

 

To the Editor:

I am greatly upset at the events that have
taken place regarding the take over of the
ASP ofﬁces. i am willing to admit that
some might have ,taken offense at the
“jokes” in the April Fools issue of the
ASP, they were in poor taste. however they
were neither cause for the actions taken or
justification for the feelings or the attitudes
displayed by the First World Coalition.

Before we go any further. let's take a
look at a few facts. The first is that the ASP
is an independent corporation and is not
funded by student dollars. As such it can
maintian its status quo as watchdog of stu-
dent events . For a group of students to feel
that it is within their rights to disrupt the
,operations of a private corporat‘o'n by a
forceful (semi-violent) take over-and to
make demands is extortion. The normal
operations of the ASP were curtailed and
whatever agreements were made by the two
parties, were made under duress. What
does this prove? What advances were made
except those of forced concessions. Even if
the management of the ASP is in total
agreement with everything said, all that
means is that such drastic actions were not
necessary.

i mentioned previously that the ASP
maintains its status as a watchdog of stu-

dent interests. For a group to feel it is
within their rights to change the policy of
the ASP's reporting when it says a negative
thing about them, through forceful means
is not only illegal but more importantly in-
fringes upon the students' rights to an in-
dependent pubiication. If the ASP con-
cedes to the use of forceful means to change
its policy, then what stops any group
from taking over; to change a policy
rtetrimental to therri? Does ROTC stage the
next sit-in? What the ASP must always
keep in mind. and i feel that they do, is that
a paper is useless unless it maintains its
credibility. Let us not forget that what was
printed was a satire of the New York P05!
and in essence anti-racist in sentiment.

Perhaps there is a certain amount of
racism on campus. lam not in a position to
judge. However, how can the actions that
were taken do anything but make the situa-
tion worse? For real examples of racism all
the First World Coalition must do is look
into their own backyards. As a leader of a
student group, i find many of the things
Printed in CanU‘digit? magazines about my

 

 

 

ALIVE...

IF l'l'S NOT

MUCH TROUBLE...

 

 

organization totally untrue and biased. Ad.
ditionally I ﬁnd some of the articles Written
in it offensive and down rigitt hateful. we
must not forget that. both the groups form.
mg the First World Coalition and
CanU'dIgi/P magazine are SA funded. Fur.
thermore. in my dealings with members of

the First World Coalition 1 him found an

attitude of preferred isolation. Meaning tt

feeling of, We have certain things which are

coming to us. but to work within lltc grottp

as a whole and to follow the general articles

ofthe constitution. we will do so only \vhtrn

convenient.

While i will be the first to zrdtrril thttt
many of the feelings of the Coalition are
justiﬁed. racism is certainly a runway
street, and an attitude of cooperation is not
tobe found from the First World Coalition
As such. all the take over of the ASP offich
seemed to me was an irresponsible, semi-
action picking upon an issue with no real
signiﬁcance except that it was used as .1
vehicle to make a point, oddly enough
against an organization that the (‘ouiition
had no right to do 50. Furthermore, to do
so with an attitude of vengeance and spite it
nothing else but dangerous and un-
forgiveable. i am appalled at this incident
not to mention outraged that l’lt'\ltlL'iil
O'Leary made no mention of the rncam of
the take over, in essence condoning It.

i urge all students to ptrt pressure on SA
— if you know anybody, talk It) lllt'tn,
(Mike Corso. are you listening?) to look iil~
to the matter and severely reprimand those
involved for their actions.

After all SA should not sanction groups
that band together for acts that could lead
to violence. should they?

—Nnme Withheld by Request

 

On the Defense

 

To the Editor:

The ABC's eolunln in Friday's .‘l\/Jt’t‘l\
(April 23) might have been yct nnothct at-
tempt at humor on the part ot'soutconc. but
instead it reads as an attempt to tri\i;t|i/c
what was a very important event and rc-
mains a very important issue. This subjch
of racism is too important — anti too \t'll'
sitive at this point — to attempt fct'lrlc
jokes, and it's amazing that llrc ASI’ still
does not recognize that! it is even more
amazing that a lengthy coitrttrn (All('\i
should appear without a byline. ero \rtotc
this? Does someone who thinks s/lrc is be
ing funny not have the courage to print
his/her name?

The editorial of the satire day ttcecttls tirc
blame and admits the racist contctrt or thc
issue ‘in question, and their immcdiulclv
tries to shift the major portion of the hl.rrrtc
to the protesters. A simple acceptance of
blame wouldn't have been possible. "IIL‘
SUl’f’oses. and so the issue is ltccotttitll'
Clouded by the ASP'X attempt to focus on
the protest itself and trot tltc question ol
racism. As the most public and visible tlllll
Of the student body, the ASP should mint-
under close scrutiny; and should \Llllllllt/t‘
itself more carefully. The ticl’cn-vtrc
rcsDonse to Friday’s protest makes it t'lmt
that the ASP is more concerned about titt-
fusing the blame than it is about slupttltlt’
racism. botlt Within itself and on cutntrlts-

—— David .ltrnom-r
Deprrr/ntcrr/ of MIN/1'

Unsocial
Me.

To tire Editor:
This letter is not about politics: tlItIt' '-
trot enough space available to print lll\ oil

   

 

  

-.~—.. .——».r b ~a . ._..,--..c._..._.A

 

. ..-.,._.....- ww-

 

 

 

 

   
  
   
  
 

jcction to socialism. What i am oh,in ’"'“ I”
is the way Patricia Maybcrry :ltttl llt'i tuo
associates, sponsored by the WW."
Socialist Alliance in the ('(‘ lobby Wctittm
titty, trczrt opposing viewpoints.

erctt l inquired about lVlilVlM‘tl) '- l
limit. l was outraged with anti-run lm' ""’
American imperialism slogans. Sim-c irttlll‘r
other political organizations lrxm‘ ll“  't‘

it
..t

 

.. uuu’uwu-n 5—“ wwvw
.-

Le........m- ﬁe. . .-.,.........u.... .. v.0-.. ‘-
Mumxh-“I‘m-c-cunonionuoabttucrt ---- - . v“ , _____“‘_«uv.v“- w
" “ 'F~.“~>-.. _ ' r I
"Irma-J,“ """'--——m.....—..—......._--.—._,..--- .“V

mazexwm-esammnwewﬂrm w.

 

u a. - “Abraham-tun... a, ,., ,

l

 

 

  
  
  
         
     
  
   

‘. autumn"... M
“intuit. .. u

. lllu‘l
.. _ .

 

GRAD SCHOOL?

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
  

    
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

