 



' L T gag-1w '

 

MML‘AM

I
I
I
I
I
E All interested are urged to at—
I
I
I

 

 

  
 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS NOVEMBER 23, /932

 

BusinessSchool claims “weeding out’ a myth

 

By Jack Durst-hing
\lZlII “NI/1:"

 

.Students are finding it increasingly dif-
flcult to gain entrance into the Business
School due to a practice that sonic call
"weeding out."

This student-coined term describes a pro-
cess by which business requirement courses
are made especially difficult in order to pre-
vent students with lower grades from bl Ing
accepted lnto tlte Business School.

However. Assistant to the Dean of lltc
Business School John chato called
“weeding out" an inappropriate term and
an illegititrtate concept.

chato belieres some students have the
“ability to be successful at a course while
others do not. “ ‘chdcd out" implies tltat
people are selected or singled out," he said.
adding that "students only cotrrpete against
themselves."

charo emphast/cd this point in it
booklet he turtlrored entitled. Informult'mr
Aborrl Adlllissittlt and .‘l[)/)/lt‘tl/IUII to the
School of Business. in I978 which pt'midcs
information to potential Business School
students gaining admittance to the unhersi-
ty. The booklet, he polrrted out. states.
“The selection process is designed to select
students with the highest academic poten-
tial in the business or accounting programs.
consistent with the overall iruollerrrent
limitations,"

Business School prot'essor Harold Can-
non adrnittcd “good students are ttrrtted
away" front the Business School. He blam-
ed SUNY budget cuts for leavirtg few facul-
ty members available to the students. which

in turn has led to a decrease itr the school‘s

 

"Slur/ems only compete against themselves.
tlHillublt: seats.

Dean ofi‘the Business School. Harvey
Kahalas. believed students who are turrtcd
away rrriglrt acttrally reap hidden benefits by
being denied admission.

Kahalas feels the system makes students
heavily consider whether or not they want
to be business majors. He added tlrrrt

 
 
   
  
    

ATTENTION
CLASS OF ’85

Class Council is revising Class
constitution

tend
Monday Nov. 29
9 PM
PATROON LOUNGE

 

 

 

 

 

 

The next issue of the ASP will
appear on Friday, December 3.
Until then, have a good one and
remember that the final grind
has yet to begin. Oh yea, our
final two issues will be Tuesday,

December
December I 0.

7 and Friday,

 

 

  

Assistant to the Dean of the Business School John Levato

 

 

students will look for other options and
keep an open mind abortt other tnajors.
Class site in the Business School has
stabilized since an upward trend in enroll~
ment in the l970's. and when Levato joined
the university in I978. he set up a new set of
guidelines to get into the Business School
which took effect in the fall of I980.
These guidelines require, in part. that the

student complete the to setcrr cort- uruttcg
by the end of their sophomore year in
eluding three of four Liberal I\rts courses
and two of three business courses. and the
imposition ol' an adjusted glade point
average (g.p.tt.).

According to student. l’tttll lcltttlttllcr
weeding out "definitely/exists." lle full
that art adjusted g.p.a. of upplmrtlrttlcl).
3.1 leaves very little roorrr to, up,“ and
said intended business majors are urrrrrn.
dated with pressure to reccitc high grades.

l.evato. a history and literature major in
college. said it‘s good for studenu ttt Iatrk
into other majors and things that .rrc in.
triguing to them.

“Students should work diligr-uth. take
good courses. attd get a good cdttr‘allutr,"
chato said.

“Students are here l'or an edrrtauarr, ttnt
l'or a good grade point aterage." he said.
Ilc added that be strongly encourages his
students to lake liberal arts cttlllsm so they
have something to fall back on "rt they're
rtol accepted as business mirrors" or tam.-
rrs a rumor.

Levato said he tells students who don't
get accepted into the Business School rim
“it is not the most important thing at _\urrr
life" and that "witlr the quality or your
total education you cart be successtul rrr ant
career and develop skills and charattcr that
you cart use in any field."

"Regardless of your major." 1 man
continued. “and what it is. sltttlt‘ttls Irate
an opportrrrrity for anything lltc} \\tttll.
There are a number ot irrtrigtriru.r and
motivating fields good for people it
business.“'

 

Jon. Q-1§

$555.00

19.]. 16-21
$179.00

AND

For more info. call:

BOB or BRUCE
482-3482

 

MA R Y ELLEN
438-8975

Make Yogrﬂin 1g: Igggtion
A ngggign IQ ﬁgmember!

COME SKI WITH THE
ALBANY STA TE SKI CLUB:

STEAMBOAT SPRINGS.
COLORADO

includes everything except food

SUGARBUSH , VERMONT

for 5 1/2 day ski and party week
(transportation by car pool)

- FOR MORE SNO W AND FUN:

SKI BRODIE MOUNTAIN'S 6-week
NITE.PROGRAM in Spring Semester

MARK
434-2149

 

19Lmr.ni.sru{;. ""' "  “"5 ' " r

3...".-.5ocnsm Inlays «puts »

 

 

Kwanzaa Week

fete

to raise black awareness

By Denise Knight
srarr drum:

The Albany State University Black
Alliance is making preparations for their
first annual national Kwanzaa Week
celebration to be held the week of
Nov.30-Dec.4. According to ASUBA co-
ehairperson Marcus Griffith. the objective
ol' the week of activities is “to increase the
awareness of black heritage for all
students."

The Kwanzaa week according to Griffith,
celebrates the annual harvest of the fruit in
Africa. “It's an annual tradition and
marks their biggest celebration." he said.

Highlighting the events will be a Nov. 30
speech by four-time Emmy winner and
WABC Eyewitness news anchorman (til
Noble. tie is also the host of the award
winning show "Like It Is." Noble has also
tnade Erturry-winning documentaries on
black personalities such as Malcolm X and
Paul Robeson. and lrtrs been instrumental
in filming stories about black life in
America. Ills talk will also irrclrrdc the

presentation of the filtn "Malcolm X."

“It‘s Time to Say Good-bye to Being
Black" will be the topic of a 7:30 p.m.
presentation by Dr. M. Gcrlene Ross on
December I. Ross is currently director of
Albany‘s Amcgtt Academy and was
previously chairperson of the now-defunct
Department of Speech at SUNYA.

About her speech. “lt's Time to Say
Good-bye to Being Black." Ross said she
will point out that the term black is passe.
“We are a new fatnin of people. we have to
build our own history." she said.

Ross will also discuss the Amega
Academy of Albany. The Academy is a
prl tle school started in l98l by a group ol'
concerned black parents. "The school.
K-tZ. concentrates on family history. fami-
ly principles and helps students with their
real identity. Parents and senior citizens
\sork wltlr teachers irr a small classroom en-
vironment.“ Ross said.

in another scheduled event. there will be
it panel discussion headed by Donna White
and l.ianita Miltllllcl. ()ne of the topics

 

 

 

 

 

will be interracial marriage. according to
Barry Wulston of . SUBA. The discussion
will have a question and answer format and
will be held iii the assembly hall starting at
7:30 pm.

On tlte final day. Saturday Dec. 4. a

 

semi-formal social dance entitled “Krsanv
Iaa Christmas Celebration" is to he held in
the Campus ('etllcr Ballroom. All proceeds
from this "social event with tr cause" will
be donated to the Pan-African (‘ongre s.
an arrti-aputlrcrd program. i

Water shortage forces early Oneonta vacation

 

By Bonnie Campbell

Students at SUNY Otrcorrta will be going
lrortre early to enjoy an extended
'l'lrturksgiving vacation btrt residents have to
stay and battle tr severe water shortage that
city officials have declared a state of
emergency.

The sttrrrtner rainfall was very low. and
area colleges were asked to conserve water.
csplairtcd assistant city engineer Bruno
Brunl. Orrconta mayor James Lettis
declared the drought an emergency on Nov.
lfr.

The decision to close SUNY Orrconta was
rrrade by President (‘arey Brush llrrcc weeks

QQ-vw v6

“Drink
8 ecial .
_‘1=.3°_'.622° __

F—_—

 BANQU

THR
HOUSE

ve us!
macaw“ '°

1375 Washington Ave.

E Special Rate$300 l

GSingle ofDoubIel

..... .. WITH COUPON—l

LUNCHEON
SPECIALS

gigélgl

8011ng

' 5% OFF

- _ _ _WITI-l CQUPQN 11..

before actual closing time. resulting in
classes closing on Nov. l9 instead of Nov.
24. "Because of the uncertainty of the
sututrtiou. I thought things might get worse
and then we would ltavc to take more
serious measures."

Rumors have been floating around that
school might close for the remainder of the
fall terrrr. Brush said, but he doubted that
would happen.

Brush said the closing went quite
smoothly. the only problem being re-
scheduling ofextra-curriculnr activities. Ar-
rangements to house and feed basketball
players visiting for a weekend game had to
be made and a play was rcsclrcdrrlcd.

lhetc were very few administrative gripes
about the closure. Brush said. as faculty
was warned well itr athancc of the decision
to close. Student I’rcsident Carol (ieigct
said that students were \ct) escited to get a
few days off. "especially because they
won‘t have to llllth‘ it up," She c\p|ttincd
that the studetrt body was asked to conserve
water through the school paper. The .S'Itlle
Times. and other local trrcditr.

"As of Nov. to our office directed all car
washes to stop. all people were not allowed
to wash ears and businesses were asked not
to wash equipment." said Bruui.
Newspapers. radio and lclcsislon stations
all ptrbllei/cd the situation.

Up utrtrl now the college has met few
other problems concerning the drought. btrt
the future scents uncertain. llrutri said that
sariugs dcrhcd ltorrr the school “Ill be
determined ltr at study of the situation.

“Rainfall is the thing that will determine
it all. there truly be rcrlous trouble once
frost hits the ground. ‘ llruni said. He ex-
plained that the cit) i. now pumping water
ill from the Susquehanna titer. and is in-
rcstigatirrg two possible \sclls. A fire or a
water lllillll break would cause big pro-
blems. said Brrrni. “it will be costly all
around tor students with leases and gradua-
tion if the problem gets worse."

 

‘4 HMO-Oow

459-3100

andwich

—-—————_—.

ET 8

 

 

     

N

 

Myst-L".- ‘: ..... -_.

ll'you'rc rr sctutrr and lttt\'c tltt' pt‘rutrht' of a .‘HOA‘OO Ltll’L'r.'l’-ttllt‘ltlL‘tl tub. .‘\lttt'l'lk‘ttlt
Express would like to tiller ytrrt tlrc American lixpt't'ss Card.

\Vlrut .rre wc.’

(Iran

No. confident. Cont
corrlltlcrrt til-Yul] now. And we're prtrvrng it. u

A $I0.000 jtrb prtrtrrisc. That‘s it. No strings. No gttttrrrtt'ks. And this tiller ts
eyctt good for 13 months .rltcr you graduate.

But why should you get the :\trrericrur lispr'csst Trrrd nuw.’

\Vcll. it you're planning a trip across country or around the world. the >
American Express Card is a real help. (icr t‘lttt‘rc trcls‘cts with II. T hcrr use it ltll'
hotels and restaurants all over the world. And. rt'vtru should need any help while
you're away. Just go in any American Express Travel Scrvtce Ulltce
arc-and they'll help out.

Ol’course. the (Yard also he
for restaurants and shopping tight at home.

50 fill in the coupon below and Atnericurrlix
Student Application right rrway. along with it free handbook that has everything
you need to know about credit. Or just look for an application at your college

bookstore or till orttrtpus bulletin boards.
The American Express Card. Don't

rtlctrt at your future. lint k'\L'll more than that. \V’c'rc

wherever you

lps you establish your credit history. And it's great

press will send you .1 Special

leave school without it.“‘

‘ r Please send Inc a 5pc ' I Student .-\pp|lcrrtlnr\ 1
for the Arrrcrirarr l:\pre~~ Card and the tree I
Credit Handbook.
Mail this r‘mrprrlt In: I
American lispress Company I
I’D. llus ‘Il l. Madison Square Station
New York. New York lt‘t‘lt‘ I

 

   

 

 

 

— grew.

WWW —-—‘~ —‘—

vb“- .e .. _.__.'_,_.,_o...’._--_.__.._e- ._-.

 

