   

 

_ .~.,.,.

« y V—Wr .
mm...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

~ Take Me To  

.. . .. wagon grease. and the advisability of keep»

 

page 6/April 20, 1982'

using-Vinnie...“Ha-u... it

 

1m.

 

I .
'2' til-i

iii—zit!“

:f gsl’ﬁﬁliuali '

I’IEA‘JWIIWJIU'I',KI-\WI‘II‘I‘ID‘CUII

 

‘5'1rnrtvl-F"'t'c~lﬂtex

 

 

Send ~'Ir'erhe Clones,

. or years there has been a nasty
F rumor to the effect that Linda
Ronstadt. Bonnie Raltt and Karlr

Bonoff are all the same person. Well. I an
here to tell you that they are not and. In fact.
the very things that distinguish Raitt.and
Bonoff are also the things that have
prevented them from becoming stars.
Ronstadt's strength has been her ability to
take Rattt's roughness and Bonoff‘s sensitivi-
ty and make them commercially viable
characteristics. While she may not always be
as sincere as her competitors. she has always
been shrewder and In the record business
that is the quality that sells records. Raltt and
Bonoff have just released new albums and.
though she hasn't done anything except
Pirates of Penzance for two years. it doesn't
look like Ronstadt's popularity will be
threatened. '

FMark Rossier .

Raltt has always had a great voice. In
some ways a better one than Ronstadt. Hers
is tougher. more mature and yet. at the same
time. raw In a way Ronstadth ls never allow-
ed to be. Raltt has a world weary quality that
gives the impression that she has been in the
depths Ronstadt only hears about at parties
Nonetheless. she has always had trouble fin-
ding an audience and I'm sure I know why.|
think part of the problem is that her music
always lands in between the cracks of what's
“popular.”

Her excellent early albums were too open
and bluesy for audiences attracted to the
subtle intellectualism of the
singer/songwriter school. When she booked
up with Peter Asher in the late 70's. he tried
to make her a star via the same oldies route
he used with Ronstadt. However. the move
was so calculated that It didn‘t do either of
their reputations any good. Now. with
Green Light. Raltt has finally caught up with
the masses —— sort of.

Female rockers out of the Pat Benatar

The River

Hudson River Tradlng Co.
338 Broadway (at Hudson)
Albany. 465-8782

his restaurant seems to "work"
largely as a'resblt of the consistent
application of its well-chosen
theme. This theme. suggested by the name
of Hudson River Trading Co.. greets you In
front of the building In the form of an eye-
catching sign. During your visit. It envelops
without oppressing. ‘

'Carot Newhouse ‘

The decor reflects a local rustic at-

mosphere through unadorned wood tables

' and chairs. a large wagon made over Into
seats. exposed ceiling beams and quaint an-
tiques. These items. from quilts to kitchen
implements. hang from the walls throughout
the dining area. contributing to many can-
versations as well as to the appearance of the
restaurant.

Our waitress indicated that the antiques
come from local sales. small shops and such
places any private collector might 'frequent.
She added that the restaurant ls still collec-
ting; the menu confirms this by making a
serious offer to purchase antiques with meals
or cash — hence. the “Trading Co." part of
the name.

When seated. you are presented with an
1881 almanac Including. as the small print
Indicates. a complete menu. The menu ls
simultaneously irritating and entertaining.
unfortunately for the same reasons. Only
about 60 percent of each page is devoted to
the sale of food; the border contains amusing
bits of information typical of almanac entries.
for example. wife appreciation (a personal
favorite). instructions on the removal of

 

 

mold are currently all the rage and though
this is an album of straight out rock and roll
still don't think It will make Raltt a star.

Green Light's major drawback Is that It
sounds like a collection of_uncollected singles
rather than a cohesive whole. Unless you
pay close attention one song just moves into
the next until the side ts over. This Is not to
say that any of the songs are bad (though a
seemingly endless version of Dylan's "Let's
Keep it Between Us" comes close). they just
all sound alike.This ls‘unfortunate because
“Keep This Heart In Mind" (which sounds I
like a bit If ever i heard one). “River of
Tears" and the title track all deserve a setting
where they stand out rather than just blend
n.

There Is. however. another. less obvious.
reason why I don't think this will be Rattt's
breakthrough album: it is too passionate.
The female rockers ol the Benatar school are
this generation's version of bitch goddess.
They are tough. heartless women who are
unfeeling. uncaring and unwilling to let the
slightest bit of tenderness show through.
They are not given the same freedom as
their male counterparts. so in an effort to
prove that they are not soft. love. even emo-
tion has become taboo for female rock
singers.

Raltt. on the other hand. is primarily a
blues singer. On her best songs. like the title
cut from her previous album The Glow. she
puts a lifetime of pain and bitterness behind
her music. She has always been the hard
drinking woman who pretends to have a
good time in order to cover a shattered soul.

The disturbing thing about Green Light is

that Raitt's emotional side is beginning to .

disappear. Though still enough to alienate
audiences. Raltt oily pours her guts out the
way she used to on two of the songs The
other eight paint her as a goodtirne girl who
is content to be. to paraphrase the song.
“One of the Boys". Raitt's latest is air enter-
taining album. but it also makes it clear that
she is bothered by not being a star. There's
nothing wrong with her wanting lame and

  

 

lng large dogs well fed. At best. you do
rather a lot of page flipping: at worst. you
cannot find the item you want to order when
asked.

The food items themselves emphasize
good plain food In truly substantial. if not ex-
actly farmhand. quantity. The establishment
'wlsely chooses to reflect theme more by
menu names than actual food items so that
you can find an interesting variety of hot and
cold sandwiches as well as salads. soups.
burgers. appetizers and so on. Many selec-

- tions fall into the $3.50 to $5.00 range.
though there are appetizers for less and din-
ners for more.

Dinner specials are offered on a
blackboard. On our visit they Included
scallops. scrod. sirloin and three varieties of
ltngulne. all priced between $8.00 and
$11.00. The wzlltress indicated that although
the menu changes daily. thej first three Items
are generally available. ‘

The desserts are essentially enjoyable.
homey Items: pie. cakes. bread pudding.
"Brown Betty." and Ice cream. Hudson
River spares its patrons th' frozen Institu-
tional dessert routine by p rchasing baked
goodies locally from Mt. Pleasant Bakery.
They are reasonably priced between $.95
and $1.75.

The wine list. printed on the Inside of the
fronticover of the almanac. is brief but up-

rwmmrmmmm.wuh—~-—~w u" u-

  

Second Raltt: Bonnie will showcase
her uneven new album Friday night at
the Palace.

fortune. I just hope she doesn't sacrifice her
heart to get them.

Speaking of heart. the problem with Wild
Heart of the Young. Bonoff's latest. is that it
doesn't have any. After a somewhat uneven.

though still exceptional debut. Bonoff hits
what may be her artistic peak with the
beautiful Restless Nights: here. however. she
seems to have settled into a standard for»
mula. Her third album finds Bonoff writing
about the same themes. in the same style.
often using the same words (how many
times. for example. does she plan on writing
the line “You were really only good/At run-
ning away"?).

What Ronstadt has always had over
Bonoff is a willingness to experiment with a
variety of writers and musical styles.’l'his is
Important because it is that singular lack of
variety that stifles Wild Heart. A certain
musical similarity might be acceptable if
Bonoff had something interesting to say. but
her lyrics are as lackluster as her melodies
This is the first of her albums that doesn't III
clude a lyric sheet and it's understandable
Rarely has an artist come up with so weak a
collection of songs. The only l'L‘r'ISSllIIIin
thing i can say is that the worst cut. “l’r-r
sonally." was written by someone else
namer Paul Kelly.

Though I still have faith in Bonoff's lilll’lil
Wild Heart 0] the Young is a major setlmil
She'd best watch her step or else Bonoff litrrt.
end up like that other Ronstadt SOLIlltlrtlllti‘
Wendy Waldmaii. Now. If you're tlrirrkiiu.
that all Wendy Waldman does is sing liilt l:
up on her friends records. that is pri'ciwli
the point.

 

usan Lynch is a hard woman to
S classify. Her show at J.B. Scott's

April 17 was one filled with fire and
hell. Her backup band was tight to the’polnt
of being a vacuum. Eric Nelson. the bass
player.' and Nelson Williams. drummer.

she led the band through a hot set Infused
with heavy metal. rhythm and blues and
{power pop. :~ ‘6.» g

“  

However. her album. Big Reward on
Johnston Records. produced by Terry
Melcher. seems lackluster compared to the
show i had seen the night before. Produced

 

 

album misses the hot mark that Lynch and
her band made at J.B. Scott's.

fluence comes from.

Touches of heavy metal are on the album

riff. song after song.

ing of the engine before It burns out.

It seems Incongruous to me.

and brightness of the band's live show.

 

proprlate. It consists primarily of well proven
wines of moderate price and quality. The
selections. which emphasize well advertised
European labels. appropriately complement
the menu itemsf

The brevity of the wine list might also be
related to the conspicuous length of the bar.
In a superb bit of marketing through floor
plan. customers are reqttired to walk the en-
tire length of this well stocked bar In order to
enter the separate dining area. There are
those-guests who; by design. do not make It
past the bar andtheglront halt-of.-

. ﬁg.“ '~~

   

Mixed Reyw

were especially well polished. Ruben De— V
Fuentes was very capable but sometimes .
repetitive. Susan's voice was very strong as L

with the Phil Spector sound in mind. the "

Other influences I heard in the live show that came through on the albjir'n aretlrat of llil‘
Pretenders on the song "Laugh". written by Lynch and Larry Whitman. The-strong bitss
line. slick guitar and Lynch's strong. omnipresent voice made me wonder where her real in

lt)." DeFuentes shows his wildest guitar leads and heaviest power chords. Sometimes.
however. his guitar work gets too repetitive. as he solos for long periods of time.on the same

.Perhaps their power is in repetition. At J.B. Scott's. they never. let up-in Intensity an
power. But one can't rtdeon the top of the roller-coaster all day; there must be some slow-

My main qualm with Big Reward Is that it seems at times insincere. On “Street Kids."
written by Lynch. the subject matter is relatively stoned: stoned-out zombies with no place
to go and some excitement: In the background. however. is partying. yelling. clapping. etc.

The “Street kid" tag Is‘a part of Susan Lynch also. Al the tender age of 15. she left her
suburban Chicago home to ramble around the country any way she could. Whe started get-
ting Interested In music and soon was playtngln an Oregon based band regularly.

Following the bass player's lead. she and he travelled to Ohio. where she began to
seriously make .mustc.Terry Melcher. etc-producer of the Byrds heard her tapes and dectd~
ed to give her 'a chance. Melcher signed her with Johnston records. owned by Beach Boy
BruceJohnstonand the result is Big Reward.
bass and Williams plays drums on this album that shines a pale light compared to the flash

' El

 

ids

 
  
 
 
 
  

 
  

/.

  
     
 
 
 

r’;

7/"

 
  
 
     

. l-L. .  I who: . ll
Urban hang-ups: Susan Lynch likes

the street kid imaged

 

and In the show. On “How; Bed (D'Ya Want

De Fuentes plays guitar. Nelson handles the

 

 

River Trading Co. Is devoted to their amuse»
ment. On weekend evenings. this amuse-
ment takes the form 'of jazz and folk music
(no cover charge).

With respect to clientele. this restaurant Is
very Impressiver Inclusive, On our visit. a
middlevaged man in a three piece suit sat
one table away from an undergraduate
woman‘Wearlng faded comfortable looking
leans. Both seemed quite at home. An-
parently a warm interior. familiar food and
friendly service .strlke~.a responsive chord

1

Hudson” .. regardlessof age a'n‘d occupation.

,. ..._,..,_..m ms ...t...v.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

Horse 81. Feathers

eanne Darnell's Feathers. down at
Capital Rep through May 2. a first

effort by a middle aged playwright.
Is as warm and pleasant as only an afternoon
on the Texas panhandle can be. Saturday's
premiere had the audience whoopin' and
hollerln' for the story of a frustrated but
lovln' wife looking for an escape from her
lovln' but boring married life.

Andrew Carroll

Barbara Ann SauhdAc-Ts‘shrmdjhy all In-
tents and purposes. be the proudest little
lady in all of daybuckle. Texas. After all. ain't
she a club president and wife of Mutt
Saunders. who's gonna one day be the
chnntpeeti bulldogger in tin. whole U.S.of
A? But somehow it's just trot enough for Bar-
bara Arm to sit around in .laybuckle. waitin'
for her everlovin' man to L'tinlL' back frotrr
some rodeo or another with another of those
shiny belt buckles Sure. Mutt's seems it lick
better than the other menfnlk iii .laybuckle.
who think it‘s sinful for Miiti lt'l his little lady
drive her own car. But still. whenever ol'
Mrrtt and his good buddy Billy Joe come
stompn' iii the house covered in brown
'l'i'xas dirt. he finds Barbara Ann looking out
the window and up at that blue Texas sky.

To complicate matters. the sky above the
few acres Mutt wants to someday turn Into a
full~fledged runch belongs to the Army Air
Corps (this Is 1942. remember). So if It ain't
enough for your wife to be dreamln' about
this Daedulus character. she also gets to see
some real flyers buzzln' your place.

‘Course none of this Is real Intense drama
along the lines of Mr. Tennessee Williams or
Mr. William Agee. and you can thank God
fer that. Darnell's conflicts are for the most
part good-natured and nostalgic. serious on-
ly by implication. As stagnant as her life may
seem. organizing one funeral or another and
kissing Mutt goodbye. Barbara Ann knows
that she loves the cowpoke more than
anything else. Thus when one of the flyboys
drops out of a training plane right Into her
life. It's never a question of whether or not
Barbara Ann will be disloyal. but whether
she'll take the alrman's advice and take
(gasp!) flying lessons over at Clarendon.

 

 

Darnell has a thing or two to say about
feminism. but does so In a way that
remembers both the 1942 setting and the
relaxing nature of the play. Here are wives
tugging af the reins but not quite ready. in
the historical scale of things. to make a com-
plete break. They're satisfied to keep the
status quo as long as the menlolk don't
overstep their bounds.

Most of this trilght wear a little thin over
the course of 2 hours if not for Darnell's
sense of humor. Here ear and eye for detail
manage to cover up many of the more ob-
vlous flaws. maltin repetitious dialogue.

  
 

accent in Table Manners and with a.Texan
drawl here. She plays Estelle. who envies
Barbara Ann Mutt. returning home each
evening to Billy Joe's corral while Barbara
Anti tears up the country side in her very
own car.

As Barbara Ami. Chris Weatherhead is
nearly perfect. Her voice ls gravelly aiirl
sweet. and her sense of Barbara Ann‘s
character makes her transformation from
housedruss to pant suit to pilot's ovumlls
totally engaging. '

Both Stephen l lytner and Louis Schuyler
do well int the lesser roles. Hytner was ob-

. ﬁ- '

     
 

 

Rodeo-active: James G‘oodwi‘n Rice and Chris Wootherlwod in Cap Rep's

Feathers.

Darnell puts Barbara Ann otit on a tractor.
revving the engine and pretending to be .r
flying ace whenever the homestead proves
too much. That's a hilarious. marvelous irri-
age. and would make for a truly memorable
writing if Darnell hadn't insisted in giving us
that same message over and over again
Some of the flaws are also smoothed by
an extremely likeable cast. James Goodwin
Rice has less to do here than he (lid as Nor-
man ln Cap Rep's earlier Table Manners. but
he remains a likeable comic actor as Mutt.
Richard Zobel. erratic as Stanley Kowalski in

Streetcar and obnoxious In Table Manners. '

does his best work here as Billy Joe. the red-
necked cowboy on his third wife and seem-
tngly working on a fourth. The affected and
manneristlc approach that marred his earlier
performances works to great comic advan-
tage here.

Kate Kelly returns as a confused. dtuy
redhead. a role she played with an English

viously unconcerned with subtlety playing
the innocent good old southern llyhoy who
jumped out of n practii 0 session 'on a
dare.But his I lowrly‘l )onily good looks and
manner made for big luuglrs Ainl Schuyler
had a poignant turn as l’apn Robinson. who
gave up chasing flybtills. and demands that
Barbara Ann not give up her dream.
Director Susan Lehman ' keeps things
moving at a brisk pace across Ray Recht's
clutterd stage. though all of Cap Rep's suts
have seemed a little cluttered this year.

There's a subtle sentimentality In I-‘r-othr‘rs
that would escape thosu who don't read the
“Who's Who" or get press releases. and
that’s the parallels one might draw between
the author's llft' and the aspirations of Bar-
bara Ann. Against all common sense.
Darnell mailed off an unsolicited script to
New York. Capital Rep gave an unknown a
chance. and her play takes off. to

Crime & Punishment ,

( : harles Bronson hasn't had a dazzl-
Ingly successful film career in the

past few years. If he had. I doubt
very much that he'd have done a sequel to
Death Wish. his biggest bit. (If he'd wanted
to do a sequel. I'm sure It would've been
made years ago.) That Death Wish It Is
directed by Michael Winner. who directed
Death Wish. says a lot about where his
career has been lately trio.

Jim Dixon

m may remember that at Weird of
Death Wish. the NYPD had tracker! down
architect and former bleeding-heart liberal
Paul Kersey (Bronson) as the “vigilante

.Killer" who'd been batting and murdering
muggers (and lowered the streetcrime rate
fifty percent) Rather than prosecuting him
and thereby creating a martyr. they told him
to get out of town. Kersey left for Chicago.
where It appeared he might take up where
he left off in the Big Apple.

A5 Death Wish ll opens. Kersey has movr
ed his base of operations to LA. where it's
much cheaper to shoot (movies and mugi
gers). Before the movie is five minutes old.
his home is (once again) invaded by suitable
slimy mirgger/rapist/burglars. His hispanic
housekeeper is gang-raped and murdered.
and his daughter. still autistic from her own
rape iti Death Wish. is kidnapped. Less than
five minutes later. she's gang-raped again.
and their committs suicide. (living out it win-
dow and impaling herself on an iron fence.

It's not too surprising that less than five
minutes after that we find Bronson loading
his gun.

This brings me to my two major com
plaints with the film. The first is that I can't
believe that with all the out-of-vvoi‘k screen-

writers in Hollywood they couldn't find one
who could come up with a less predictable
plot development than this to get Bronson
back in action. The second major complaint
is that while I assume we're supposed to taki-
all this seriously. the plot quickly lem‘us reali-
ty behind and departs off Into Never-Never
Land.

In Death Wish. which was based on Brian
Garfield's novel. Kersey strikes out at rari-
dom at street crime out of frustration at not
being able to bring to justice the thugs who
murdered his wife and raped ls daughter. In
the sequel. Kersey goes out after the gang
that raped his daughter (again) and. despite

 

 
   

“Murder, gang-
rape, impaling:
Winner Is not a
ﬁlmmaker of un-
bridled
sophistication . "

living in a city even bigng and more sprawl-
lng than New York. he/i'nds them. They also
seem to be the only people he sees commit-
ting serious crimes.

Once he finds his targets. Kcrsey wastes
no time in minili'rltig lltt‘llt lli all fairness.
iinctI lllt' bull's rolling. I)i'oilr Wiin Il moves
like an out-ofvcontrol freight train. While
Michael Winner is not it filmmaker of un-
bridled sophistication or subtlety. he doesn't
monkey around much either The scenes of
violence. which once Kersey starts in on his
tittL‘rmitli campaign of vigilante executions.
come reguarly. are graphic. startling and
brutal. At one poiirt. the vigilante hero fires a

vili"“ .,.,.r

 

shot thruugl. .i pin'tribli- swim: lilil' of his
targets is holding in front of his face. shutter-
ing the radii. til .i shuwr-i of sparks an the rir~
tlm's face in a slit :wr-I of : tlltl‘l. more organic
things

This is the sort of stuff one risi-rl to see
more Itflt'll III the turd-Seventies. when
strong. R'Iillt'tl .Il'llttll films were produced
on a more regular basis Sci-nus of this type
are a rarer thing in iw Iti'otlr Wiin II. iii fact.
is substantially bl: I'Itllt'l llli‘ll its predecessor
We can at least th' grateful that the rupt-
scenes are nowhere irvrrr as explicit or pro-
traded as the inainr rapi- sci-ni- in Death
Wish. which is iust about lilt\\'itl(‘lii\l)li‘.

In short. Iii-nth Wish It is more of a
B-movii- than was its original. and far less
believable licw viewers will give much
thought to the plot though The film for its
flaws and clumsiiiess. is still riveting. Bron
son Is effective in a part which Is thoroughly
undefiiwtl. and Jill lr'ulanil and Vincent
Gardenia are witstcrl lf tluI action sequences
weren't so realistic. frightening. and yes. ex-
citing. the film Would have little going for it.
Winner seems unable to UH'Ii build up more
than a modicum of suspense in thiI foreplay.
but the liokr-y shots of Bi'onsoir's liiriming
Sllatlf)W on grriffrtivciwon-d walls (accom-
panied by Jimmy l’agc's intentionally jarring
guitar work) are effective

Still. lltt' filiir ducks the question of just
what the average. middlcrclass person is
supposed to be doing in an age of increasing
violent crime. When Kcr'scy extciininales lltL'
parasitic. sociopatluc scum Winner
populates LA with. we're expected to ap-
plaud. At the end of the film. as the shots
from Brnnsoir's gun rlirg out against images
of dimly-lit streets. are we really suppossed
to (hour on a man with a .tlb'r' Where is But-

. man when you need trim. anyway? l.l .

,r .i.‘i'i'

 

Al-Pro Muslca

Some of the Capital District's best known
musicians will appear in a concert to benefit
the area‘s newest choral group. Albany Pro
Musica. Sunday. April 25 at 3 p.m. In the
first Presbyterian Church. corner of State
and Willett. Albany.

Performers will include Leo Mahtgian.
concertmaster of the Albany Symphony Or
chestra. oboist Randall lilltss. and Ann
’l‘eeliim. horn. who will join pianist Findlay
(fockrcll for a trio by the romantic composr i
Karl Reinckv ('ockrell will play solos. in
well. by Gershwin and tags by .lnplin

~l'icki'ts .rrc .riuilohli' at llil’ (Toinnruniti
liox ()lllt't‘ location .it (folurrii' ('entcr l or
prtv State l’lri/ir. l’roctor's itlltl lllltll‘ Sam'-
Atriuiir in ~l'iiiy. or from rnuiiilu'is of Allirurg
l’io Musicri rtitil from the lit lwt ollir l‘ of lllt
.‘wllNYA l’i'ifiunrrng /\ils .t'wnrvi l'ox
ili-rltii'ttlilr' tlttllillllill for lllt‘ iiniwrt is four
dollars
All pt'l'ftiltlli'l> inc donating llit’li time our
talents to assist Albany Pro Musica in its ef~
foil to pit-writ first llllt‘. authentic clror‘al
concerts Itt tluv ('irpitrrl ltistriit Iiii more lll
forniirtioir, call the ensembles conductor
l)rl\'ltl .irrnowr'i. at 457825“ or dliH‘ZFrBh'

. . . And Take a Taxi

Syracuse Stage will present the l’ulitizer~
winning Tolli'y‘s Folly by Lanlord Wilson.
Friday. April 23 at h' p.m. at the limpin-
State Performing Arts Center

Admission is lit dollars and H dollars: H
dollars and tr dollars to students and senior
rittrens. Tickets are available at ligg Box Ol~
lice (518) 473-3750 and at all Community
Box Office locations.

Ila-on Holiday
Stephen Sondheim‘s riotous

fully staged by

 

the uptown SUNYA Performing Arts Center
April 21 through 24 and and April 2‘) - May
I. livenlng Performances are set for B p.m.
with a 2 p.m. matinee scheduled for April 24
only.

Tickets are now on sale at the SUNVA
Performing Arts Center. General admission
is tr dollars. with students and senior citizens
admitted for 4 dollars. SUNYA students
holding tax cards and current member I“ 'l.e
SUNYA Alumni Association will he ad.‘.rrtted
for .'i dollars. Call 457-h‘trttti for reservation
and information.

Tenor i. ll. Night

internationally acclaimed tenor Willlan-
Brown will join the Albany Symphony ()r
cliestra on Friday. April Sitttli at thr- 'l'rui
Savings Batik Music Hall and on Saturday
May lst at the Albany Palace Theatre. Con
certs begin at 8:3” p.m..

Vanguard/Albany Symphony Orchestrc
will host a Prevue of the April 30 and May ]
concerts at noon at the Albany Public
Library. lb] Washington Avenue. on Thurs
day. April 2‘). Guest speaker will be. Brown
The Prevue will last until 1:00 p.m.: cnffei
and light refreshments will be served.

A Friday evening will be held at the Trr-y
Public Library. ltili Second Street. Troy .t
7: l5 p.m.. April 30th. '

The Sound 0' Rodger-

Skitclr Henderson will conduct a LEE-piece
orchestra in “Tire Music of Richard Rodgers"
at l’roctor‘s Theatre on Friday. April lit) at '
p.m.. Baritone Bob Carroll will be a special
guest artist in the show winch also features
tenor Joseph Kolinskt. and soprano Lisa
Merrill. Tickets are $12.50. $10.0“ and
$7 l'rtl. l‘hey are available through l’toctot's
Box Office or Community Box Office loca-
tion.

Grant Expectation-

lf you can read and write. we'd like to
meet you. Aspects needs writers. editors.
and help In eco. Come by cc 329 or call

 

 

7-8892.

 
  

 

and In-
nocently naughty musical.A Funny Thing
Happened on the Way to the Forum. will be
University Theater. in
cooperation with the Department of Music.
in the University at Albany's Main Theater of

   
   
    
   
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
     
   
  
 
  

 

.._. _ gutwwmwmg.»vu. U

 

 

 

