 

 

 

ports

NOVEMBER 23. I982

 

 

 

Union nips Albany in overtime to win tourney

 

By Marc Haspel
swims Ill/TON

The Albany State Great Dane basketball
team could not have opened its l9iiZ-il]
season in a ttiore exciting fashion. After
mirrowa winning the first game of tire
Capitiil District Tip Off Tournament over
RPi 62-57, the Danes literally locked tip
with host Union College Dittclirrieri.
winners of their preliminary gaiiie with
Western Connecticut. iii the title game
Saturday etcniiig. it took 40 rnimrtcs of
regulation tintc and three additional five-
mittutc overtitiie periods to decide the tour-
nament chattrps. In the ctid. Union prevail-
cd 74-94 to win tlte tournament troplty.

“llcfore the game i said to itill Scarrlon
(Union College Ii and basketball coach) tltat
i thottght tltis gartie would probably go
three ovcrtimes." said Albany State ltcad
coach Dick Stiuers. “And it did."

Entering the third overtime session. the
two Capital District rivals were tied at 68
points a piece. Senior guard Joe Clinton.
tlte tournament‘s Most Valuable Player
with 22 points and five assists. opened the
scoring with his patented pull-up jump
shot. Albany State center John
Dleckelman. who struggled throttgh his
worst tournarnetit as a Great Dane. came
alive in the final period. He had two con-
secutive buckets to keep Albany in pace
with the Dutchmen but Dieckelman was
called for a foul underneath the hoop to‘
send Dutchman Kevin Bartlett to the foul
line. The 6'6" sophmore hit the
first of his two shots to pttt Union ahead to
stay.

Albany did riot quit in its attempt to
regain the lead. Dane Mike (iatto drove to
the basket and drew a two-shot foul front
Union forward Jeff i’cigelson. (iatto miss-
ed both chances and Union reared back
with a Clinton bucket to make the score
75-72.

Clinton's counterpart Dan Croutier
rctt'rned the favor by driving to the hoop
himself to brirrg the [Juries back within one
point. For the sophorrrore guard. it was two
of his game lcadittg 24 poirtts. Croutier also
had to assists. and two steals earning him a
well deserved spot on the All-'l'otrrnament
team.

“He's quick." said Clinton of Croutier.
“He's the quickest gtry l'vc ever played
against."

I‘i think i refined my game this year."
said Croutier. "Everyone played a good
game. bttt the shots just weren‘t falling for
us."

 

 

 

 

 

WILL VURMAN UPS

Dane iomfard Wilson Thomas shown in an earlier scrimmage was named to
the All-Tournament team In the Capital District Tip Oil Tourney.

Croutier was joined on the All«
Tournament team by teatriatc Wilson
Thomas. Union gtiard Joe Wood. RH for»
ward llregman .leffrics. and Westcrti Con~
nccticnt's Dave Mitchell. it was the first
time that Dieckclntan was not named to art
All-Tournament team in his career irt
Albany.

'l‘he fireworks exploded when Albany
took possession of the ball after a rare miss
by Clinton. Trailing by one poittt after
(‘routicr's basket. Thomas drove tlte base
line for art apparent two points. Brit tltc
bircket was negated by a controversial
traveling call.

“i did not see Wilson walk. He works on
his ptrrtip fakes." Satrcrs said. “But that's

only one call."

With time running otit. Dane gtrard Dave
Adam fouled Ken i)‘0ra/,io who sank both
free throws to widen Union's lead to three
points. A last sceottd foul by i)iccke|man
on D'Orazio scrtt the Union forward to the
liric and he successfully sank two tnore foul
shots to give Union its final five-point
margin of victory.

The Danes had two consecutive chances
to ettd the game in the first two overtintes.
in the first extra period the Danes were
leading 64-62 after Croutier was credited
with it bucket because Union was called for
goaltettdirtg. After a Union timeout, Wood
hit a 17 foot base line jtrrttpsltot ovcr
defender (latto to knot the scoring oticc

again.

“i was discouraged after that first over-
time." said Gutto. “i got a piece of the bull
arid expected it to fall short. But when i
ttrrrted around. it went in."

With four seconds remaining. Albariy
called timeout. After the pause. the Ditties
attacked and Croutier put tip a jump shot
that bounced around the rim and back
board attd fell harmlesst to the floor as
time expired.

in tlte‘second overtime period. Croutier
sartk a bucket from the foul line to even the
score at (ill-(iii. i-cigelsou of Union drove to
the‘ hoop. but his shot was no good and the
Danes took control with a ttiirtute to go.
Albany waited for the last shot and Adam
was designated to take it. Once again. the
firtal Albany shot bottnccd around litt: rim
btit didn‘t fall iii the basket sending the
game into its third overtlttie.

"It was a good play." Sauers said of
Adam’s attempt to end the game. “We
practice it just like that."

"We had a couple of chances to win the
game."

“i was nervous every tintc that they had
the ball." added Clinton. “i guess
everything ended up our way."

Albany made up a 4t-35 halftime deficit
by scoring to straight points early in the sc-
cond half. The lead shifted during the half
several times. With 53 seconds remaining in
the second half. Dieckelman took a pass
from Croutier and scored from underneath
the hoop. Union took the ball over but with
it seconds left on the regulation clock
Crorrtier drew an offensive foul front Clin-
ton. his first of the game. The ball went
back to Albany, btrt the Danes failed to
break the tie._ .

The Danes had a difficult tinte with their
first opponents on Friday night. After a
relatively easy opening halt‘ in which the
Danes bolted mil to a 30-16 lead. tltc Danes
saw that cushion dcllatc as RPi mounted a
conteback. .lelfrics, who played an ex—
ccllettt garrtc against Albariy hit a l7—foot
jump sltol to bring the [Engineers within one
poittt. 52-51. The Engineers stayed close to
the Danes as Mike Gituntaccini hit an out-
side shot with just 22 seconds left to play.
That arid Adam kept the Danes in front
dtrritig RPi‘s stirgc.

“l'd say that the free throws ivort the
game." said Adam. "Every time they came
down the court tltcy were going to score. so
if we didn't score we'd lose."

Tirat first gariie of the tournament satv
the etitcrgcttcc of Thomas as a complete

15>

Spikers fulfill goal by competing in nationals

 

ily Mark Wllgard

I)” I II‘RIII:

The worttert s volleyball team reached
their goal for the 1982 campaign as tltc
squad wrapped up its season this past
weekend by participating in the NCAA
Championship and finishing third in the
E.l.A.W. tourney in Rhode island.

Albany reached the semi-finals of the
E.i.A.W. tourney by finishing in second
place in their pool of fortr teams. Seeded
fourth, the women spikch defeated fifth-
ranked Clark 15-7. l5-5. and Colby-Sawyer
l5-7, l7-5. before losing to top seed Rhode
island 15-7, l5-l0.

in the semis. the Danes lost to M.i.T. in
an exciting five match duel 6-15. 15-5.
t6-l4, 9-t5, and 6-15. Coach Pat Dwyer
said that the game “we won lS-S was tltc
best game of the entire year." He also
pointed out that “we had them and lost it.”
Albritty ended tip tied for third in the tour-
nament and Dwyer was happy with the

finislt. “Our goal for the season was to lie
in the top four in the region, and we ac-
complished that."

On Friday. irt tltc first round of the
NCAA Championships. Albany bowed to
M.l.'i'. i5-9. 15-2. l5-i0. Accorditig to
Dwyer. “the team made a lot of rrtistakes."
Dwyer also added tltat all year "our mairt
goal was to play well arid winning was a by-
product of that. lint tonight. winning was
the goal. and therefore we played
terrible."

A bright spot over the weekend was the
play of Elizabeth Roscntel. who was trained
to the All—Tournament team. It was the se-
cond time in as many you that Roscritel
has rriadc All-State.

All in all. Coach Dwyer Wits very stitistied
with the year his women spikers had. “it
was a great season, and we had a lot of fun.
it was an enjoyable experience all the way

through." i l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

The spikere wrapped up their season by finishing third in the EtAW tournament

and participating in the NCAAe.

VOLUME LXIX

  

December 3, 1982

l

l

 

NUMBER 40'-

 

 

New stadium proposed for pro baseball team .

lly Mare Scltwarz
 ‘URH Ill/IUR

   

The Albany State campus is the only
sight bcitig considered at. this time for a new
rill-purpose lighted athletic stadium to
house the Albany A‘s. the city's new pro-
fessional baseball franchise. according to
Albany County Executive Jim Coyne.

The stadium would rtot only provide the
A's with a liorrie btit would be host for iri-
tercollegiatc arid conintnrtity events. and
would be fnttdcd through cottnty and corti-
intuiity monies. according to universi-
ty l’r'esident Viricctrt ()'l.L‘iti'y.

(‘oyne and A‘s spokesman lien ilernard
c\pccl to rirttke art announcement within
l\\(l weeks.

The proposed stadium will scttt at l'ttst
7.000 people with rootti for expansion arid
would be located on the rarely used fields
bclrirtd lndiari Quad. the A's are a Class
AA rttittor league l‘ilill entered in the
lantern league rirtd affiliated with the
(taklartd A's.

“We are negotiating arid discussing
possibilities." said ()‘i,eaty. Questions of
legttlity arid policy are preventing it decision
trottr being ttittdc ill this time. ltc added.
Specifically. problcrtts coiilronting the Hi
tlcrttcrtl are the funding of the project and
\\hetltcr a professional team cart play on
State University land. ()‘l L'tll)’ said.

A committee of students. faculty itlltl
University Council trtctrtbcrs was orgtitti/cd
l:ist \car by the adrrrirtistrittiort to try and
so|\c tlrc long standing ptolrlcrti of ttr;.dc
quttte atltlctic and recreational lttt'tlliit".
through cortttttnrtily help. according to
()‘i ertry.

fire at ' at of ti professional baseball
team irt search of a stadium added a new

 

 

 

 

 

 

inset: President O'Leary; an earlier conception of the stadium
xl/l [rm/uric Irv/tier] stilt/tum rt-rrulr/ \('(I/ 7,000 u/u/ host the .sl/lrurri' .si '\ tl\ ire/l tl\ r/IItv't‘u/ltzeirlti- ill/I/t’ll('\

twist to the university's prior proposals.
With the county looking for it desirable
location to house the team and the ttttitctsi-
t) training to upgrade its facilities. the too
lttttc been in ttcgotitttiott about a possible
ioittt cl'lort.

"\\’c're negotiating \\illl tltc State
llllli\\‘l\ll)) people. We're trying to work
out with the illli\L‘i‘~ll_\ .irt agreement for a
totirrrtriiitrity-usc type proicct.“ said
tovtrc "illt' bulk of the funding would
conic front lllt' county, possibly through .1
bond issue."

“It is tt \ct) cortiplictttcd situation and tie
are right iii the itiiddlc oi things right now."
said ()‘l ertty. “ l‘licre tttc it hit of qtrcstiorts
which have to be answered. Niirnher ottc.

how will ll be financed? | \\iliil to make it
clear that \sc will not be ttNllig state money
lot this. this \\lll be money that coiitcs
from the lllll‘ltlt' and could only be used for
the stadium there is no ili\crsiori of
ttcttdcttttc lottds lot this. .‘sccontlly. \\llt'lllL‘_i
or not .t protrmiotral b:i-clr.rl| tctrttt. which
h continental .trnt lL'\t‘llllt' producing can
legally l‘ltl\ ott utiiicisrty lirtrtl. and if it is
legal whether or not we want to make it
ottt policy to let them do so.“

(l'l cttt) ll.t\ sent proposals to tire SllNi'
iloatd ot llll\lt't"~ lot their reaction. " l ltcy
sent it back \\|iil .t lot ol questions. which
\\c are exploring.“ lrc stud. "Nttritcly.
\\llL‘lllL‘i the county can least- the ltitid front
the rrriitersity lor tltc building of tire

stttdnittt. It‘s questions like that. that are
being csplotctl by lttmcrs,"

“lhrs issue is linrlils sciisitiie Lllltl sit a
\ct_\ tcttttttisc since." “'1 c.tty stud. “it
urtrld disappear tit .tlt\ tiiorticrtt ‘

"l lccl ll is Sitrﬁo .tt titty point lit tall it
Ltttllltltl trirtirnrsnr,“ t tr\tlt xiii!

t tl)ltt' tccls tli.rt lllr'rc .rrc torrr hurdles
lacing the proposal. "the tirst lltlltllt‘ rs
whether or rrot the land i-. .‘t\.’ltl.llilt.'. Sc-
urrtd. lllt‘lt' has to be .i public hearing.
lltrtd l\ passing .i bond rlrtirrn'lt tltct otitity
legislature that would thrtttc It» t‘itl til 3‘)
totes. and him“). the fourth is getting it
built."

llrc rrriitcrsity has been looking to im-

13>

Central Council impeachment voting illegal

 

lly Heidi Gralla

.SleI'I ItR/le‘

 

Ari attcriipt to remove Ccritrai Coirticil
off—campus representative Neil Sicgei on
grounds of .' absenteeism arid
neglect of dtrtre failed Wednesday night
iti executive session. The i3-l3 tic was in-
sufficient as a two-thirds majority of all
Council members is necessary to distttiss a
member.

  

i
<
r:

 

 

" 7 .
“we. v ' '
‘ . m.— A
.‘ . r - Tr'iitWA-‘Ww

wrfL YUitMAN una
CentraerounciiChalr Jell Fromm
('Iru/lt'ngas ASP to sue Sgt

 

 

 

Central Council voted by secret ballot,
which is itt violation of the New York State
Freedom of inforntation Law. According
to Robert .l. Freeman. executive director of
the New York State Committee on Public
Access to Records. “A votirtg record arid
minutes must he prepared and made
available within guidelirtes of the Freedom
of information Law. They must idetttify
eaclt rrtcrnber and itow they voted."

.lcff Fromm, Central Council chair.

acknowledged that they ltave no official

record of individual votes. btrt disputed the
law. saying.“You'rc (the ASP) going to
have to bring its to court. i think what
you‘re dertlittg with ltcre is complete pct-
tiriess. ‘i‘hat's wrortg. Whether it's (the
Freedom of information Law) the law or
not. it‘s wrottg based on the sittratiort we
were dealing with at the tirtie. if that's a
law, it's a poor law."

The ASP is cottsidering a number of op-
tions. irtciirdirig takitig SA to court. said
Dean lictz. .AlSP [Editor in Chief. Freeman
explained that a judge might rule the Coun-
cil vote invalid. but it would be etttireiy his
discretion.

The prosecution. led by Fromm and in-
ternal Affairs Commilec Chair Mark
Nelson. tittackcd Sicgel's attendance record
as the rtrairt issue. According to Nelson.
Sicch has missed flit percent of tire roll call
votes and 25 percent is the maximum pet'-
tnissable.

Also. i'ililllllt rtotcd tltttt Sicgcl's tttlittidc
towards the Council was irr qttcstioti. “He
doesn't have tltc itttctcst to fulfill his potctt-
rial in the Council." liromm said.

Sicgel defctidcd ltittiself by explaining
that ltc has it class which coincides with

Council's 7:30 pm. tricetitig tirtic. birt docs
arrive everttually. According to the
iiiiiitrtcs of tltc Nov. [7 meeting. Sicgel has
misscd to of a possible 42 votes sirtcc May
S. Siegcl contended that it of those votes
were rtiisscd on a night which lie had at test.

Sicgcl admitted that lte is “slightly late
and that is a problem." However. he said
“i don‘t think that the voting is really the
only job. i krtow the issues and l'vc worked
hard on them. if I didn't want to be on
Conttcil i wouldn't have gone to the hassle
of dcfctttlittg triysclf."

Siegel believes that part of the problctii is
differing views betwcctt Fromm. Nelson
arid himself. He criticized them for “defin-
ing how a Council member should be." and
criticiled groups in Cotrrtcil for being “sort
of like a clique." He also questioned the
Council‘s attendance policy: “if yotr miss
20 minutes of a sis-hour rttecting are yotr
really ltalf absent?"

Nelsort was disappointed with the Coun-
cil‘s decision and said. “People did not
want to impeach ltini because they felt the
prosecution sliotrld ltave had an over-
wltelrrtirigly large opcn~and-shnt case."

"i don't believe Cotrncil acted respon-
sibly because rules have been broken attd
there was art obvious disinterest on the part
of Neil Sicgel. especially when viewed with
a clttss conflict,” ltc added. “lie should
have been impeached."

According to l-‘ronitn. many members are
dissatisfied with the impeachrtient process.
“As long as you have partisan peers trying
an itrtpetrclniicttt. it's unfair." He said there
has been .soritc discussion about the need to
revise the system. "because it puts every
one of us on tlte spot.“

Dtrtclt Quad represerttativc Lauren
Waiter sttid “i don‘t think (Neil) was fulfill-
itig all the duties of a good council
member." She felt he could not “represent
his constituents very well." with such poor
atterrdartcc at meetings. She reftrsed to
revcal ltow she voted.

During the Council's general meeting..
which preceded the itnpeacltrncnt pro-
ceedings. SA President Mike Corso. Vice-
l’residcrit Arirt Marie LaPorta and Comp-
troller David Schneymart presented a bill
for sirpplertientai budget appropriations
which generated tntrclt discussion. Included
in the bill \'tts a $1,300 increase for the
advertising budget and the creation of a
$600 stipend for Student Voice editors.
built of which were passed. A proposed
$3.000 increase for the SA phone budget
was tabled until next meeting.

Several Council members complained
that the bill was not well tltonght out or
clearly explained. Dutch Quad represen-
tative Arttlioriy Nastri stated during an-
nouncements that lie will continue to vote
against all urioutiined money requests.
Nastri believes that Council tends to accept
poorly documented SA btidgct requests
wltile reqtriririg individtral groups to present
detailed and clearly stated reqtrcsts.

Corso said tltc "point is well taken." and
later maintained that requests for addi-
tional funds are “very clean-cut attd
necessary for tire stttooth operation of the
SA office."

Fromm announced that he received State
Quad rept'cscttttttivc Steve Kramer's
resignation. Kramer said he resigned
because he is leaving Alhairy to joirt the Ar-
my. fl

4n . , ail—c.

.. Lena .

., . 4,...

 

