 

 

managed

"I'Umcn

are

macro--

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

I pond — it‘s not a very good end
but It's a good means." Fear of
Strangers bassist Steve Cohen commented
on the band's local success.

While the pond Isn't getting any bigger,
the fish -' " ‘ ' is.

Wayne Peereboom

The band's debut album. Fear of
Strangers, has been selling like wildfire in
area record stores since Its early August
release. The album's first pressing of 1.000
copies sold out within 10 days and the
band's label. Faulty Products. is going
ahead with second and third pressings.
This combined with steady airplay on
several area FM stations and local media
coverage has firmly established Fear of
Strangers as the area's hottest band.

But, Fear of Strangers is still a way from'
the national success all four members say
they are looking for. Today, at least. the
band's success is basically confined to the
Capital District — although they have
played gigs throughout the state and in
Rhode island.

it hasn't. however. always been that
way.

 

Back in 1979. Fear of Strangers (known
at that time as the Units) were playing a
combination of covers and originals at area
clubs. Then one fine evening they warmed
up at the nearby Hulla Baloo for a group
that was just beginning to make its mark on
the American music scene - the Police.

Vocalist Val Haynes explained "We
changed after we warmed up for the
Police. We got more contacts and we were
using a New York agent to get us jobs and
he was booking us in Boston and New
York. Cohen said the Units were playing
New York, Boston. and Philadelphia clubs
practically every week. warming up for
such bands as Squeeze. XTC. lggy Pop
and the Psychedelic Furs among others.

All of this led. natually. to hopes for the
coveted record contract. Cohen said that
Miles Copeland (brother of Police drum-
mer Stewart and manager of that band)
wanted the UniLs/ Fear of Strangers to sign
with a new label he had started. lRS - one
of today's hottest labels. However. a well
meaning manager convinced them to look
for a bigger label. "If we had hopped onto
lRS when they were small." Cohen
lamented, "we would have got big with
them. but eventually. it was too late. They
(IRS) were too big."

in the meantime the band went after the
major labels as Warner Brothers. Crysalis
and Atlantic.

"A lot of record company people came
to see us." Cohen said. "and for a while it
seemed we were just on the verge of sign-
ing with someone. But the business was In
horrible shape. as it is now. and a company
like Crysalis may have only signed a couple

 

acts a year."

ut

 
 

 

 

Albany I

 

Afraid

 

in February 1981. singer extraordinaire
Haynes got very Ill. The band cancelled the
rest of Its New York gigs and came back to
Albany. "That's when we stopped playing
out of town and we never really recovered
until now." Cohen said.

Alter this, Drummer Al Kash explained.
“we basically started over. But. we did
leave a good impression. people in the
business remember us."

The band kept playing local clubs and
was doing some recording. in November
1981. they signed with Faulty Products —
an lRS affiliate.

Now, Cohen explained. "The next real
step is to try to migrate our success out of '
the area and also continue making it In the
area. it's different, real different. it makes
more sense. We have a lot more control
over things now. l'm a lot more optimistic
now. l was optimistic back then but naively
optimistic. it looked too easy. Now Its a lot
of work — ground level work.

After the debut album was completed
guitarist Doug White left the band. Cohen
explained. "it Just got to the point where it.
was getting serious and he was never
serious enough. it was 'get out or get
serious.' it just wasn't him."

The band Isn't looking to replace White
and they seem to be pleased with the cur~
rent set up. Guitarist Todd Nelson sees a
“basic elegance" in the three piece band.

Musically, the Stranger sound is a tough

one to define. There are influences from
pop. new wave. rock, country. funk and
who knows what else. But the sound that
emerges Is a relatively simple one. Perhaps
‘the person most qualified to classify the
music — on an international scale. at least
— is Kash, who spent 12 years in
Australia. He sees it as a "a melting pot
with no one influence overpowering —— an
American sound."

Cohen. when pressed. digs back to a ar-
ticle In the Trouser Press which defined It as
“modlsh space funk and roll."

Haynes will tell you simply that it is "Fear
of Strangers music." ,

The band has long since passed the
point when they played cover tunes by the
likes of Little Feat. Parliment. and the Talk-
Ing Heads. According to Cohen. they now
have enough originals so they never will
need to play a cover again. However. on a
typical club date, they have been known to
throw in a R818 classic. or even hard core
country.

Taking nothing away from their musi-
cianship. probably the most impressive
aspect of the band lies in the song uniting.
While Haynes is the most prolific. Nelson‘
and Cohen have penned some impressive
tunes. Kash generally abstains. fearing "too
many cooks In the kitchen."

Lyrically speaking. the songs deal mostly
with the themes of politics and love.

Nelson said he feels "they all have
something pretty strong to say. Most of the
songs in the "love" catagory are united by a

 

 

common theme: pain. This provides a

 

A year earlier a Rhode island native.
Todd Nelson. had moved to Albany where
his father had taken a position In the
English department. Nelson had been play-
ing guitar since he was ten and started play-
ing in garage bands immediately. "When
"you were a kid there wasn’t much else to
do." he explained.

He played in a series of different bands
around Albany before becoming a charter
member of the country rock band Silver

Chicken. From there. it was on to the
1 Units. Today. Nelson is a married man and
has a baby daughter.

Drummer Al Kash took a somewhat
longer route to Albany. Born in New York
and raised in Florida. Kash then moved to
Australia. There. he first took up music. He
played in blues, British invasion and funk

side.

Upon returning to the U.S.. Kash got a
job in a Florida top 40 band but wasn't
satisfied "with just getting by" although he
was making good money.

 

refreshing change from the “love is great"
tone of many pop songs which Nelson con-
demns in “Pack of Liars." With love songs.
Nelson believes "you have to try extra hard
to say something" new and different. And
they do succeed.

Besides the cuts on the album. the band
has enough first rate material to go into the
studio and record another album. This
spells one thing —— creative energy.

Another energy source is the group's live
performances. While their output is not
quite the equivalent of a thermonuclear

sF ..
,- e'aw

mist -;

\‘ '

blast. one will detect a massive energy
release,

Neither live nor on the album do Fear of
Strangers have a heavily polished or over-
produced sound. "i tend to think we sound
a little loose in a good way. like Little Feat."
Cohen explained. “We're not concerned
about making mistakes. We just want it to
sound good overall. l'd much rather make
mistakes than have the sound of the band
be as if we're doing nothing but avoiding
mistakes."

Born and raised In the Bronx, Cohen
migrated north to SUNYA In 1972.
Although he had played bass since he was
14. it wasn't until he got to SUNYA that
Cohen joined a band. "it was a pretty
cheesey cover band." he recalled. "We
played at SUNY for frat parties and stuff.
The first time i ever played a gig I was
thinking ‘oh. this is great. l'm doing what I
want to do and actually getting paid for it.’ i
started taking playing a lot more seriously
andthen after a few months i decided to
major in music. i just got more Involved.‘I

Kash ended up in Albany. he said.
"basically by chance." 5

Kash has diverse musical interests which
range from Azuki indian music to intricate
jazz. He said he likes to use other creative
outlets such as session work so that these
influences aren't misdirected into Fear of
Strangers.

Vocalist Val Haynes was brought up in a
Troy housing project among seven
brothers and sisters. She moved to Albany
at the age of 18 and held a number of drag
jobs until a friend suggested she try out for

 

a band.

 8 /
'w “w.
. . o vy“;.
° xei
// l
l ' .
I . E
l
I
r‘ “fl-f
I.
r
o 4' ‘1 l

 

 

Through a series of mutual aquain-
tances. bands and various other connec-
tions. the Units were formed.

When asked whether things worked out
as soon as they played together. Cohen
recalled: “Yea. oh yea. Right away we
knew. Even before we played we knew It
was going to work out.

But. folks. this is not a script from a
Hollywood movie. "We definately have
our share of problems." Cohen said. “Like
we say. its like a marrage of four people
and a marrage of two people is hard
enough. in a real good marrage problems
are delt with rather than avoided. We are
very good at solving our problems. That's
what makes or breaks a band — how
honest they are with each other and how

. well they deal with their problems.
After four years of ups and downs. the
band is as strong as ever. One has to
'beiieve Steve Cohen speaks for them all
. when he says “i want the ultimate success.
l'm happy with our success so far but it's
just a start." D i

 

 

in I!

v u

,..'4. Maria. rt-

. .. who- ..  ... 4. .v. AWL... ills‘.” ‘

 

-4~-a:..»..c,\...- .,.'_.H,..

 

 

bands while doing some recording on the

 

 

' WAN-u rm s........ .....-  .M “.5”...

 

 

Fear of Strangers is one of those bands
where none of the members could be
replaced. But few would doubt that vocalist
al Haynes is the most essential member of
he band. It is her full voice and songwriting
bility that set the group apart. Live. her
1 tage antics could get even‘ the biggest
; ude-head out boogyinfé'n the dance floor
. She also has a unique ability for lyrical Im-

. :rovlsation.

. I This Interview was done In Val's clut«
 downtown studio apartment as she
v pped antibiotics In a vain attempt to rid
erself of a case of phemonia.

 

  
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
 

' ' When did you start with music?
' en 1 was 23. so it was about five years
0 when i started singing professionally. l
_ d always sung you know, but it had
illlever really occurred to me to be a singer.
:lYou never song In bands or anything like
at? -
flit high school? No.
'lifow did you start?
Someone said i had a good voice and
ihould try out for a band. Sol did It. i was
'iared as hell and l was really surprised
When they said."Wow. your're hired." i
never expected to really get Into a band. i
didn't think I was any good, but i guess i
must have been o.k.
' Did singing really click with you? I mean.
dld you feel good about it?
Yea, yea. it seemed like the only thing 1 did
right. I felt complimented and i could do it
and i liked it. Every other job i had i hated
— i totally hated, and would always qult. i
had no direction In my life at that point and
shen this direction was thrown in my face
‘and it was good for me. i enjoyed It. And
. . . i made money at it.
What kind of jobs were you doing before
{you joined a band?
T’Cashier. chamber maid at the Holiday inn.
'nothlng good at all.
Do you feel like you developed your stage
presence?
l'feel like its developing.
.When you first did It . . .
IWhen I first started 1 was very . . . (stands
'up. puts arms tensely at sides) i never
C'i'danced. I didn't feel comfortable on stage.
l'd sing like this . . . (repeats). i feel. the
more I've done It. the more l've developed
 own style. i guess.
“You didn't like first step up on the stage
"and . . .
' 'No. then be Val?
I :Like out of a hollywood movie?
i .Nooo. Come onlll
5‘5 0 you find it hard to get psyched for a

 
 
  

 

' v. ~erformance?

0. its not difficult. it takes concentration
_ ut Its easy cause 1 really love to do it. l'm
 lways really scared. i even get sick before
fills/e play. I‘ve done it so many times and l'm
fstlll like a bundle of nerves. No one can
{pven talk to me. it‘s like i walk around
' 'ilpaces around. taking deep breaths). But,
'glt's the best time ever for me when l'm on
{stage. And l really mean that.
 Do you feel more comfortable onstage than
9 or?
 Yea. 1 think there are times definitely when
:4 i could live there (laughs).
‘& What do you consider a good reaction
“from the audience?
 (pauses. claps loudly. laughs) Applause
" and dancing and generally having a good
_: time. Or like If we do a slow. song. having it
"quiet down and the audience is riveted on
t 1’ me. And i can tell if we do "Waiting In the
' ‘5 Mud." I can tell that we're getting our
' message across.
~ 5 What are some of those other instruments

' that you play in "Waiting in the Mud"?
" The duck call? i bought It at the sporting
goods store. it's not an instrument. it's an
E Instrument when l have it.
 How about the others?
 A llexitone. a go-go bell — some of them
I: are latin percussion Instruments.
_ Do you have Interest in those types of in-
' struments?‘

. Yes, 1 have a big interest In toys as you can
I We (picks up and plays duck call. points

  
  
 
 
 
   

 

 

out muppet character) I really ove toys an -
dolls. anything . . . Like a puppet could be
an instrument in a song for me. Not really
an audio instrument but an instrument. a
prop onstage.lt's like anything goes on
stage as far as l'm concerned. Anything is

‘ valid unless you, you know . . .

Lewd behavior?

Yea. right. That doesn't go.

Do you use many props?

i don't know If i do. i really don't know. I
consider my clothing kind of props
sometimes. i spend a lot of time and
money on clothes which is crazy.
Sometimes l have to kick myself but i like
to have fun getting dressed.

Do you feel like you're a different person
offstage than you are on?

Sometimes, you know. I feel like l'm
basically a shy person. l probably don't
seem like one. But I am. l have a few
friends. good friends. and 1 don't go to par—
ties much. cause it's like terrifying to me.
Terrifying. because people expect me to be
like Val onstage and that's not me. The
stage is one persona and i don't have just
one dimension. i don't think i could live lll
was like that (onstage) all the time. l'd go
nuts (laughs) l'd drive everyone else nuts
too. 1 think.

 

    

time

i don't think we had any intentions for real-
ly being an original band at first. You
know. we were musicians and this is our
job — work and fun. But we never really
started out like. "O.K.. you know. we're
really going to really do it." I never felt that
was the Intention of this band.

When did it evolve into something else?
When we started writing our own tunes.
that‘s when It changed and that's when we
realized what it could be and we might as
well try and go for It. It's much more in-
teresting to play your own songs.

How did you start writing?

Well. I've always written poetry and I keep
a journal. i've always kept a journal since I
was 12. you know. my diary. When i was
young. it was like I'l bought a dress". But
now it‘s like. whenever I feel the need to
write a thought down. it's not like 1 make
myself write. I should but I don't. That's
how it started.

80 you write mainly when you feel an in-
spiration or whatever?

When i feel mad. down or depressed. i
never write anything happy.

lcan see'thot in your songs.

l'm looking forward to writing a happy
song but i don't get any . . . writing is really

You don’t walk around saying “I suck” but
secretly, I’m very insecure as a person. Going
to Price Chopper can be a traumatic experience

Do you feel conﬁdence in yourself, as , . .
As what?

Off stage. in general?

No. no. Oh God. in this band. l'm like the
least confident person. As a person. l'm
not very confident in my singing talent or
writing ability either. You don't walk
around saying "i suck" but secretly. l'm
very insecure as a person. Going to Price
Chopper sometimes can be a traumatic ex-
perience. (gets excited) Really. really l'm
like. l feel like i don't know how to act in
public. You know. like when you're a
teenager and you're always so sell-
conscious that you can't function? l'm like
that.

It probably makes It better [or performance.
doesn't it?

Being not confident?

Yea. for some reason I think to really do
something like that good. you have to , . .
lguess ifyou’re overconfident . . ,

Yea. then you're not going to try as hard. i
think that's probably true.

Is that lunderconfidence) anything new or
has that always been?

Oh. i was worse. Yes. i was . . . Growing
up l was terribly insecure. i don't know
how i grew up. l don't know how l survivA
ed. 1 don't know how I had the courage to
join a band — that always amazes me.
Well. getting up the Units.

Get UP3to the Units.

1 always hear rumors about the way the
name "Units" started, i mean the name
itself.

it started with Al (Kash) saying. "Hey. look
at that unit." Like he'd see a weird person
on the street — a burn. a young bum or just
a real fried looking person and he'd say,
"Hey, look at that unit." That's how It came
to be. We were all units too. We're all units
on this bus.

What were your intentions as a band at that

 

personal for me. it's like lean't pick a topic.
I wish l could be a craftsman as a writer and
not always just relying on my feelings and
my emotions. i don't think that's a good
way to write but It's the way l write now.
How often do you write. is it every week or
month . . . ?
I could write three songs in one day and
then a year later. start writing again which
is really bad.
Do you feel your songwriting reflects
yourself?
Yes.
Is it autobiographical?
Yes, definitely. I hate to say that because
people . . . then they know. But it is
autobiographical. Everything i write either
happened to me or someone close to me.
The other persons shall remain nameless
but I write from a very personal point of
view.
Do you feel vulnerable exposing yourself
like that?
Yea. I feel a little vulnerable but l also feel
that my feelings aren't exclusive to me,
they're universal. Everyone knows what
loneliness is and the pain of breaking up
with someone ordlsappointment in your
life. Everyone knows that. it just happens
that i make my living telling the world
about my personal . . . you know. Like a
lot of people can't do that and you speak
for them. i really believe that's a gift in a
way although it does make me very
'vulnerable at times. People who are total
strangers know my life story.
Do you feel your songs would sum up your
life story?
QNot my life story. not totally. of course not.
3 But i feel like a few of them are quite per-
'sonal. it's not like i write. “O.K.. this hap-
pened to me. i got sick. l'm in the
hospital." — that's not how you write a
song. But . . .

_ What if you don't make it or don't you

 

 

'jlnterview: Wayne Peereboom Photos: Dean Betz

 

But basically your emotional life?

Yea. i think so. Yea definitely. i think my
song writing sums that up. So now
everyone knows that l'm sad, but.l have a
sense of humor.

 

Besides singing and art work. what kinds of I

things are you in to?

I like to read. I don't like movies. Idon't like
to go to the movies. i really have no pa-
tience. l'm not like a movie-goer and
everyone i know Is a movie-goer.
Everyone In the band, everyone. like. In
our generation — it's like they're really into
the movies. And when I go it's like. “Oh
God." (stretches, ygzwns). ljust dont have a
good attention span. visually. i think. i like
to read but that's about the only other In-
terest l have. Reading. drawing and l'm in-
to clothes. that's about it (laughs).

Does the band interfere with your other
life?

Yea. of course.

Do you put a really lot of time into it?

it depends on the day . . . and i also lake It
home. When you work for yourself It's
always there. You can't go 9 to 5 and then
just not think about It. l'm always thinking
about it. Part of my job in some ways is
always looking nice even when i go out on
the street because people are going to see
me and recognize me. l'm like a spokesper-
son lor the ban. 1 know I can't walk around
looking like a slob anymore which i would
love to do. Believe me. there are times
when i don't want to wear make-up and
shit like that.

What do you think about people calssifying
Fear of Strangers as a "local" band?

Well. we are a local band. We're in Albany.
This is where we live. We play around here
mostly but i would love to be nationally on
the airwaves. Have everyone dance to
"Volts" in the nation (laughs).

What do you think about the chances of
making It?

i don't know. it's like a hellava lot and l'm
not a fortune teller. i don't know what the
chances are. i think it's very hard to make
It.

think about it?

i don't. it doesn't enter my mind. l'm sure
I'll survive, (on afterthought)

Did you like the name change {to Fear of
Strangers)?

i didn't want to have to do it. l like the
name Fear of Strangers but I just didn't
want to ever change.

You have “unit” written on your album
several times.
Did we? Unit
number.

Code number?

l-A? That's our code

You know. every album has "aZZblahblah" ‘

as the code number, well that's our code

number. i think. ldon'treally know. Idon't

even have a copy of the record.

You don't even own a'copy of the record?

No. l gave away my copy to my girlfriend. 1

got one copy.

Do you listen to it?

No. l don't listen to it and if it comes on the

radio. l turn it off?

Why is that?

'Cause i don't like to hear myself sing.

At all? In the studio?

if I have to i can get into It If l'm working,

Where did the name Fear of Strangers

come from?

Steve (Cohen) and l were sitting around,

trying to think of names. We had stacks;

and stacks of names and all of a sudden he

said. "What do you think of Zenophobia?"

i said. "What does that mean."

He said, "You know. fear of strangers?"

i said. "Oh. i love it."

He said. "You like Zenophobia?"

i said. "No. i like Fear of Strangers." and

that's how it happened. That's a relnact-

ment.

Do you just like It as a name?

i like the image it projects.

Do you feel it has personal meaning for

you?

From my point of view? Yea. l'm afraid of
Cl

 

 

'strangers. (pause) aren't you?

 

 

 

~t‘omm .qn.‘.} 3'

w
4

l
9
8
2

 

 

 

