 

    

g.._.-...._—.j.....~w~.z..; »

 
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 

 

 

 

 

 
    

<02 Udﬁﬂiﬂ>

0—

“Ow-

lumen“:th-

Editor’s Aspect

t's been a strange week. It all started out on
I Sunday Morning. November 14. 1982:

I bought the New York Times. and two cans of pepsi and
crawled under the covers to read. and came across the Book
Review. Scanning the list to acquaint myself with what was being
read more than anything else in this fine nation. I came across such
profound titles as Garfield Takes The Cake. Here Comes Garfield.
Garfield Bigger Than Life. Garfield Weighs fn. Garfield Gains
Weight. and Garfield At Large. Six books about cats on the New
York Times Bestseller list. I don't understand! I mean. like. what
the hell is going on? Are cats that convincing an escape? All of us
here at Aspects have decided to write cats books also. After all. if
Jim Davis can do it. we can do it better. Our titles are going to be
Garfield goes to El Salvador. Garfield in the Women's Movement.
Garfield visits Brezhnev. etc.. etc.

I burned the Book Review.

Sunday Night, November 14. 1982:
Editorial Board Meeting At Dean's House.
Anything to do with the paper is strange. period.

Monday Morning, November 15. 1982:

Once again. I attempt to read The Times. In its usual informative
style. it reports that our own Nancy Reagan “used helicopters from
the Presidential fleet on three occasions when she traveled to
Camp David. Md.. at a cost to the taxpayers of $3.110. White
House Records show." Seems old Nance was sometimes accom-
panied by her decorator Ted Graber. of LA. Seems that Nance
and her pal don't have too much time these days to take the 90
minute journey by car. After all. she shouldn't have to sit in a car
for a few hours when it only costs a tad over three thousand dollars
to make the trips. I mean. why should she?

Now if I had it my way. I'd have her come to Albany some char-
ming morning in early February and make a little—ole excursion up
to SUNYA on our reliable busses from North Allen Street at 8:55
AM. The temerature would be 10 degrees below not including the
wind—chill factor. and just so she doesn't get spoiled by too much
special treatment. two or three buses will pass her by.

Monday Afternoon, November 15, 1982:

I finally met someone I'd been watching for months. (I always
see him reading the paper) We were talking about what we each
do. and when I told him I work about forty hours a week on
Aspects. he asked me “What's Aspects?"

Tuesday Night, November 16, 1982:

I went to visit my dear friend Damian to give him an album to
review. Though it might not be obvious. he is doing much better.
The treatment is helping immensely. Cards and flowers are ap-
preciated. however. (Wednesday was his birthday) and can be sent
to the ASP office. This encounter doesn't really seem to fit under
my list of strange encounters. but I still can't figure out why he kept
on screaming for Toni Basil and sauerkraut.

Wednesday Afternoon, November 1 7, 1982:

I was feeling like everyone was picking on me because of typos
in Aspects and started complaining to my old editor. Andy Carroll.
He casually reminded me about a little incident that occured a cou-
ple of months ago in an Aspects be edited. After picking up an
issue in which a few of the lines I had written were accidently rear-
ranged. I spotted Andy in the crowded campus center and yelled.
at the top of my lungs. “You fucked up my article." Nobody puts
thing into perspective like Andy.

Thursday Afternoon. November 18. 1982:
Attempting to write Editor's Aspect. Told you this week was

stran e.
9 Debbie Millman

 

 

' r1. .rr.

044.1»:w‘v-hr hooray“...sz- - t i

' bat’ﬂn’lﬁime‘ﬁl‘iﬁéhﬁ‘ﬁwylktimsm-va

wkéirm-iw

 

 

Insideg. .

3a: Perspectives:
Mr. H.-K. D. asserts his voice and

speaks about language ,
Carter realizes and reaffirms the cycle

of peace

48-53: Centerfold:
DJs from WCDBfQ104, WRPI

and WPYX air their views on
radio, music programming and
what’s special about their sta-
tions in a revealing and infor-
mative centerfold

6a-7a: Sound and Vision:
Damian rants about a bad dream
in an intimate psychological
study, the legendary Carroll on
Stein’s ethics, Mr. Rader
elaborates on Mr. Blythe and
Lisanne and Metin collaborate

‘ on death and dying.

83: Endgame:
WCDB’s Top 20, Zhe Pudz wimp out

and of course, Spectrum . . .

Special thanks to Mickey Frank for all her
help and generosity.

 

 

Word On A Wing s

the exhaust fumes of a black corvette . . . '
going very fast . . . the driver laughing . . .
his head thrown . . . his mouth devouring ‘
the rain . . . a car winging thru the billow- 
ing cloud of blue smoke . . . he spins off a
cliff for the sake of the rush . . with the
radio on . . . the radio . . . hit me on the

radio . . .

Patti Smith

80 you wanna be a rock and roll star
Well times have changed

That’s all I’ll say

You still need an electric guitar

 

But most of all
you need that Radio radio play
All day All day Play and play and play

Terry Thomas

 

For in him rhinoceros can find no place to
thrust their horn. Tigers no place to use
their claws. And weapons no place to
pierce. Why is this so? Because he has no
place for death to enter.

Lao Tsu

only stripes you‘ll see are those

on the flag. So what's a nice boy
like you doing in this place? Say you lost an
arm in Vietnam. don't blame me I'm not
the one you seek. Well here's to the one
that got away. By the way did that foot
come attached to your ass or did the bat-
teries cost extra? Please. please listen to
me. It is important that all adults leave their
children at home with their T.V's.

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

I t's all in the stars my friend. the

 

 

American girls. or southey say are loose
as a goose. if you know what I mean. Ex-
actly what do you mean when it is half pass
and you don't even have “gas”.

Out of shape and out of my rnlnd. thank
god above Little curls and pearls push
their ideas about life down to the local
thought control cvnturs hoping that the sale
on men will be held over Papa was a roll.
lng stone, I guess. but at least he fucked
run. so we all could be here now.

Nowadays. it's more than likely that the
wife is (ticking the kids in the master
bedroom. while the husband sits in the
brithrootii jerking off to the sound of his
own piss streaming down the side of the
face. dim and body of .m lthSlblc lover.

In former times. it was assumed that
there were true religions and false religions.
and that it was an important function of
family and society to teach people as they
were growing up to distinguish the one
from the other.

In a secular society. where religion Is not
taken seriously. neither is serious attention
given to the development of skills in mak-
ing religious choices Without such train
ing. young people are lti(lL’Ctl'Sttl))uC| to
undue manipulation by the purveyors of

once. Not just a state of not-war.

P of waiting for. thinking about. or

preparing for the next conflict.

the next reaction to provocation. or the

next police .iction-~ but peace Real.
secure. positive. lasting peace.

In the lost 2.0”” years. there have been
Iii") days of so~called peace. 35 days out of
over 700.000. lib days when noone was
shooting at anyone else somewhere in the
world. That's not peace, that's time to
[shirt ..

A.G. Carter

" 'nit- git-rial t'IfrUStTro'p'uifc’J isn'TTthe
Soviet Union. or the United States. or even
nuclear weapons tlwmselves. The greatest
threat to peace are the attitudes that equate
peace with cowardice. attitudes which re-
quire tr violent response to a slight (real or
imagined). attitudes which polarize the
world and Its people into irreconcilable
opposites-- either-or. good-bad. mind-
body. white-black. rnale«female.
deniocracy~communisni. and even
leaders-pimple and humananimal-earth.
This vither~or hierarchy has resulted In the
objectification and dupersoniftctition of the
"others". which in turn justifies any action
against that group. up to and including
slaughter.

Leave war and peacemaking to us. we
are told by the “experts” We know the
particulars of all the science and
technology. rtItLl we know what's best for
you. too. Leave it all to us-- the experts.
Another split: experts-everyone else.

 

 

 

Leave It all to us. they say. Well. we have.

 

 

 

HM- \ mum—“mm... .,,.,......m--. ,

 

religious schemes.

Failure to recognize the importance of
religion in the society leads to overlooking
those human needs which are most often
served by religious involvement. In par-
ticular a secular society which prides itself
on being objectively rational in the scientific
mode may offer little challenge or trope to
the young person who longs to be fully in-
volved In activity which Is of value even at
personal risk or danger. Objective rationali-
ty has a hard time satisfying those who
would be heroes who spurii the pragmatic
tests of self-interest

In modern secular society religion Is
tolerated as .r leistiic~timc .rctlvrty of the
private sphere of one's life. possibly
aesthetically enriching or capable of satisfy‘
itig the need for Voluntary association. but
nothing more.

Members of the dominant society by
avoiding dealing with the weaknesses of
society create the needs which are in turn
met by "new" groups There is .i need to
question some of the assumptions put for
ward by the dominant society. last these
assumptions fori‘v pvoplt: into unnecessary
choices (like the choice to drink I\'ool-.rid
with Jim Jones).

Pax Femina

and look where we have ended up-« on the
brink of annihilation by tilt|'lt'.|t‘ weapons,

But as a woman caught in this society of
which I am not considered ll full and real
member. what can I do? How can I come
to grips with the polarized attitudes of
society. and with the molt! “experts” who
tell IilL' that as .r woman and .r
"IlUll-l‘XIA‘Yl". I have nothing to contribute.
no vtilid opinion Where can I begin?

I have to realize and it'tlllli’iii the cycles
of my body. and their coiuwction (iriy con-
nection) with the cycles of the earth itself. I
cannot. as do some. View tbcl earth (and its
resources) as something to be conquered-
conirolled‘harnessedexploited; for Iii do-
ing so I buy into my own oppression as a
woman by men. and into the oppression of
other "others"~- black people. poor peo-
ple. disabled. etc. All are manifestations of
the same either-or mentality. and I have to

 

 

    

When you say that a face ls beautiful;
their you create desire The desire is not for
that film! or that body. It is for your own iti-
tcrpretatlon. your own projection. The per
sort that is ihvrv. the real person has been
used as «I screen. and you have projected
yourself Then dtstlluslon is bouird to be
there because the real face cannot ht- forc»
vd irtto unreality by your projection
Sooner or later the projection Will have to
be dropped. The real face will Ctilttc out.
and then you will feel that you have been
tllt‘illt.’(l. You Will Sity. "What has happen-
ad to this face? This face was so lit'iIUllllll
and this person was so beautiful. and now
everything has gone ugly." Again you are
interpreting, The person remains what-
socvr-r he is. but your interpretations 4|lI(l
projections go on. and you are iu'vvt
allowing energy to assert itself You go on
suppressing tl You are suppressing m
wtrtdly and outwardly also. You newt
allow the reality to assert ltsvlf

We (it'illt' an untrue world around us
because of out projections. but If Illt' reality
.rssvrts and the horse tit'ighs from thr-
sttilik'. we risk. "Whom do you lu'liuvu 
We .rlwnys helluva ourselves, not thy tt'nllllV

tL’ftttjllli’t' them all as threats to IHI'

My capacities to nurture- so often
maligned and used to justify my
oppression-- how to be developed and
validated and presented in countciposv
to .r violent. dvathnnd destructioir
oriented itit'tt'ly. l fct'l that if men gave
birth. or were responsible for nurturrrnce of
children .irid the aged. that they would find
It lmprrsstlilt’ Io disrvganl or belittle lift.’ the
way they so blatantly do now. They 4|I'L’ dis-
comwcted from birth and growth. and
therefore cannot feel the true honor of titr-
IlrtlUi’tll death of any SOI’l"L'UUti
(cspvcially':‘) moss death.

I have to realize and claim my
"expertise" on the Issue of war and nuclear
weapons. I am an expert by virtue of the
fact that 1 am a living. feeling being who
would rather be anything but druid: a
woman who cares about all people and the
earth we inhabit: who stands horror-

 

 

Good Night And Good uck

 

 

 

 

funds... .-  

that goes on asserting. It is asserting every
moment. but we go on forcing our illu-
slons. That is why every man feels disillu-
sioned in the end. It Is not because of reall-
ty that every man and woman feels disillu-
I stoned In the end. Rather the projections of
our own minds forte us to live lives that are
less that full.

Don't ask. Wait for the happening. for
what happens. You can ask and some
answer can be given. but that answer can-
not become an authentic answer for you.
Never jump ahead. Don't ask what hap-
pens when one dies. What happens.
eratsoever is said will be meaningless
because you are still alive. What happens
when someone is dead? You will have to
pass through tl Unless you are dead you
cannot know it Whatsoever ts said can be
believed on trust. but this is meaningless.

Words should not be allowed to exist
between you and reality. With fewer words
there are fewer barriers; with no words
lliett! are no barriers Words destroy
everything because they change the very
meaning of life

Language never says what Is. If you say.
"I opened my eyes." it is a He. If you say.
"Thc uyvs opened by themselves." it is a lie
again. because eyes are just fragments.
They cannot open tlwmsvlves. The whole
org-intuit is involvvd Whatsoever we say is
ltltt‘ that

Whvn you sriy."tlrv river is flowing."
what do you int-.in’ There It; just flowing.
and that flowmq is the river. The walking is
the man. the seeing is the man. standing
and klillltg is ilw Ind” If you eliminate all
those-walking. sitting. standing. thinking.
dreaming-will there be a man left behind"
When all is said and done people require

“1.21:.M’I‘L'II‘H '3' ‘, tr" '

Pomp-cave. 3.

<02 Odﬁm‘ﬂ)

0-

naus-

 

mons than what they have and yet they
(people in ground) live in a time where
more material wealth and leisure are
available than ever before. The material
things in this world provide the basis of en-
trapment for the rtcli and the enslavement
of “ID poor Something. if not someone
will have to fill this void, It would seem that
Iiob Dylan is t‘trttt't‘l. ultimately we must
choose. “It may Iw the dcvrl or it may be
tlw lord. but you're going to have to serve
somebody" l l

stnckvn .it the mac and carelessness with
which llllllll'tltttlt’ dtnrth and everlasting stif-
Icrrng are being considered as options In
the t‘ltitlittlt' of foreign policy (of .ill corin-
tries. not rust tln- t‘ttltt'til holders of nuclear
weapons l'ln' toniitrivs that don't have
llll‘ttt want thcin and are working hard to
get thvm I l don't have to know the
amount of IL'IiM's or the throw-weight
capabilities of either Side to know that my
life. and the chance of life for my descvn»
dams. is in peril I can feel it In my bones
and in my lwart~~ and that makes me an
expert

Wonwn around the world are taking
their strengths and expertise and transfor-
ming them into action. both within tnale
groups and in separate women's organiza-
tions We are expressing our universal (arid
specific) concerns. and defying the
nuclear. dealh»worshipplng mentality,

We are taking our capacities to nurture.
love. and respect life and defining them as
powerful forces which cart be used to re-
order the world's priorities-- away from
death and destruction and toward life-
.‘rffirnring. peopleservtng areas. We can br<
ing a unique perspective to the peace
movement. and we must do so. We can-
not. however. allow ourselves or our
talents to be co-opted or used against us (as
often happens In male-dominated
movements); but we must recognize. and
have others recognize. the validity of our
opinions-feelings. and the value of our
contributions

 

The topic all last week In the Campus
Center was peace. Peace to us all. Peace to
D

us all.

 

