 

 

 £>3_»-_—¢;‘..

 

“-

-' .r‘. ,.- c.

s- mam..- . m,

 

 

 

 

   

OCTOBER 5, I982

 

 

 
 

 

By Marc Haspel
smnrs EDITOR

When the Albany State Great Danes mar-
ehed onto University Field to tangle with
their cross-town rivals. the Union College
Dutchmen. there was a bit more at stake
than just winning a football game. -

First. the Danes were coming in
undefeated with a 2-0 record and had just
received national recognition by landing a
third place ranking in the Division lll
polls.The Danes did not want to spoil their
early season success.

They didn't.

Second. the Danes remembered last
year's l0-7 loss at tlte hands of the Dut-
chmen. it was ii loss that at the time severe-
ly injured Albany's chances of participating
in post-season play . it was a loss that ig-
nited the young fiery Albany-Union rivalry.
Albany certainly wanted to even the score.

They did.

Before a large crowd Saturday. the Danes
defeated the Dutchmen l7-7 evening tltc
local rivalry at H and lifting their own
record to 3-0 this season.

“it feels great." said halfback John
Dunham. "i think we needed to regain our
respect back. We went to play the ball
game as hard as we could.

in the opening mintites of the contest. it
appeared that Albany would be snake-
bitten again by the Dutchmen. On a third
and eight situation during the Danes‘ first
possession of the game. quarterback Tom
Pratt found himself under heavy Union
pressure. Pratt was jolted and fumbled the
ball setting up Union's first serious tltreat
.of the game.

The Dutchmen didn't waste any time get-
ting started.Taking over the Albany 40-yard
line. Union quarterback Dan Steward. who
threw for 234 passing yards.completing 23

Albany state sophomore fullback Pat Harrison enjoyed his
finest game as a done gaining 99 yards on 18 carries

of 49 attentpts. went right to work. Three
passes and a Dane offsides penalty brought
the Dutchmen to a first and goal on the
Albany three-yard line.

Brit at that point. the Albany defense,
which had only allowed seven points all

Dutchmen to even rivalry, 17-?

season. buckled down. Union went to the
familiar wishbone offense but could not
bring the ball into the end zone.

Steward handed off to his halfback Bill
Huttrtcr. who was racked tip at the line of
scrimmage. Stewart then gave the ball to

vy' *1

 

.‘ ‘j‘fr

 

DAVE ASHER UPS

against the Union Dutchmen In Saturday's 11-7 victory.
Union's pass defense kept Albany on the ground.

Huttner's backfield companion. John
Johnson. He was thrown for a two yard
loss forcing Union back to the air on third
down. Stewart did try to toss it in. but
Dane defensive back Eric Newton made

16>

Women harriers taking' strides into the future

 

By Mike Carmen

smme i III/HR

When a team gets a new coach and then
has an 0-8 record you dismiss the year as a
rebuilding year and look towards the
future. say two or three years from now.
When another team has a '5-l record.
finishes highly at the Nationals. crowns two
All-Americans and barely misses All-
American status in another event you
assume the team has been established for

many years and has an experienced coach.

This is the story ol the women‘s track
and field program and Coach Ron White's
progression duriitg the Witt-82 season.
During the cross country season the women
and their new head coach could not win.
They were even shut-out five times. White
had been appointed coach the March before
and had no opportunity to recruit. “I
basically built a pick-up squad. I found
people on pcritncicr road and iii classes.
The season was a disaster." said Coach
White. ‘

The team ran against tough competition
and became dcmoralized as the season wore
on. Despite their winlcss record the women
and their coach had a "fun time and were
dedicated."

“We are very close. We're all concerned
about each other and everybody is suppor-
tive as a team." commented Julie Smytlt.
member of the Danes’ very successful 4x400
meter relay team.

Despite the lack of success in the fall.
White was too experienced as a coach to be
demorallzed for too long. White had coach-
ed the men's swimmlng and diving team for
is years. “it was a very demanding pro-

gram and i needed a change. Fortunately l

was given the opportunity by Athletic
Director Bob Ford to rebuild the track pro-
gram." adds the (‘oach on his ticwcst posi-
iron.

The fall season was pttt behind and the
indoor season rapidly approached. How
-\vot|ld the team perform. Would they final-
ly achieve that first elusive win. The indoor
team saw many of the same athletes from
cross country and some OldCl‘ ones. One of
the new ones was Rortnic Dann. “Coach
Wltitc rccrtiited rrtc after seeing me at the
gym. llc asked me to ltis oficc (which i was
a little curious about). showed me some

times on distances. and told the about an in.
th'cst Iticcting." rcportcd Dunn.

Dunn would join the squad and later
become one of their key mciirbcrs. Wliitc
worked the squad hard. but no one seemed
to iiiirtd. lie was dedicated and instilled
confidence in his tcarit. “Coach White
doesn't come dowrt hard. llc doesn't bully.
and is calm but firm." said Smyth.

After working lrardcr than they had ever
worked before the women were ready to
show their stuff. Thcir improvement could
not bc measured itt wins sincc there were no
dual inccts. but would have to be measured

 

 

 

The women's varsity cross country team has made giant strides towards '

MABYV WALCOE UPS

greatness since Ron White has taken over as head coach a year ago.

 

by individual performances in invitational
and post-season mccts.

At thcir first invitational at the University
of Vermont they finished fourth in a six
tcain mcct. When the team finished fourth
out of nirtc teams iii the Cortland invita-
tional at least one member of the team felt
that they had turned the corner. "I felt at
Cortland that we had a good team. Barb
llill.\Stre Stern. and Kim Bloomer were
beginning to run 60’s in thcir 400 quarters,"
said Smyth. the otltcr member of tire 4x400
meter relay team.

White felt that the indoor season, in-
cluding a seventh place finish in a l7 school
field at the NYSAiAW iitvitatioiial. "was a
taste as to what was to come.“ As a team.
the women were developing physically as
well as emotionally. They were beginning to
see tltc results of White's practices. “At
first we weren't used to his (White‘s) pro-
gram. but we slowly adapted to it." added
Sntytlt.

Dann contrncntcd that there is a “family
atmosphere" around the team and it
definitely improved her running: “i
wouldn't run witltout the feeling that
everybody cares and are supportive."

White saw the competitiveness growing
and points to five people who were the core
of it: Stern. Bloomer. Hill. Smyth and
Dunn. He felt that the learn still lacked
depth.

The team did not shatter the track-world.
btrt all were content, especially their new
coach. At the NYSAIAW superior perfor-
mances. which would set tltc stage for the
outdoor season, were turned in. Bloomer.
now' White's assistant coach. finished

17>

 

 

>‘.

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT'ALBANY BY THE ALBA Y ST

rm!

 

44k

iii?

  

VOLUMEAlLiﬂ-

T PR SS CORPORATION

EN Friday

October ,8, 1982 '

NUMBER27

 

By Mark Hammond -

Nh IVS HI)! I DR

 

Tire library last week filed a “special rc-
qucst" with the State Division of Budget
(DOB) for permission and funds to fill four
of the most critical full-time positions. ac-
cording to Assistant Vice-President for
Graduate Studies. Paul Simon.

Simon said if the request was granted,
weekend hours might be expended.

So fur. the DOB ltas not responded.

This scincstcr. budch cutbacks have
forced tltc library to lock its doors at 6 pm.

 i‘lltllly mid 5 p in. Saturday. and ii p.m.

\vr-ckniglits.

lhc library is operating on a full-time
start of rippimimritcly lSt) about 22
cmplo_\ccs less than last ycar.

last Sunday night. .i pclitioii tor cslcn»
sion of wccltcrid horns \tns prislcti in thc
periodical section. Though it gaincicd oici
ISO signritiucs. Nitccki said he ricvcr saw it.

“I full) ugrcc \\illl students. I think \\c
should have longer hours. As soon as we get
the rcsotnccs needed \sc'll go to old
schcduic.‘ Nitccki said.

A stutcwidc SUNY hiring t'Icc/c last
February prevcntcd the library from filling
new vacancies.

Also. a 26 percent ctit in the federally-
l‘uridcd work-study program has forced rltc
library to ctit its hours. said Library Direc-
tor Joseph Nitccki.

SA SU conference promotes issue

By David Michaclson
A__ s iii-i: II’RII [SR _‘_7.

SASU. the advocacy organi rtion for
SUNY students. will hold its Fifth Annual
Ray Glass Student Action Conference,
beginning here today and continuing
through Sunday.

SASU president. Jim Tierney. said the
conference is being held during a critical
time for SUNY students. Citing Reagan’s
student loan cuts and the State's SUNY
budget cuts. Tierrtcy said the conference is
"part of the process of working together to
stop the destruction of ltigltcr education."
He said the cortfcrencc will train students
on how to organize and becotne active to
“defend their education.“

 

 

 

"We told Ihc l)()B our situation was
“extra critical.“ said Nilccki. llc said that
lttsl summer. a proposal package was sub—
riiittcd to the DOB requesting the hiring
free/c be lifted. but it has not yet hcht ap—
pio\ cd.

Simon fears that more arising personnel
vacancies such as maternity leaves or career
advancement may forcc tltc library to ctit

SASU's lixccutivc Vice President Scott
chlcr. said that l50 strident leaders front
all SUNY schools are expected to attcrtd.

chler said a variety of workshops and
guest speakers will familiarize students with
all tltc major issues facing students arid
make them more effective leaders in
organizing amd motivating their consti-
tucnts.

Speakers scheduled include Peter i’eyscr,
“one of the best Congressmen in tcrrrts of
higher education." according to chler.
John Dow. a candidate for Congress
will speak on the nuclear issues. said Wex-
ler.

"Teach someone to organize and thcy

coincis again. About 25 \acnncics :irisc
each year. he sziid. and would rcmrtin \tt-
cant urtch thc l‘i’cc/c.

Nitccki explained that tlic hours chosen
to be cut new tire rcsult ol a study corr-
ductcd hy tltc library. the stall lcarlicd last
semester that Friday and Saturday evenings
were the least used hours. and Nitccki based
his decision on this.

can nddicss and cltallcngc any issue."
Tierney said. Workshops teaching the im—
portance and inctliods of organi/tttion are
included on the conference agcnda.

Other workshops include: “Financial
Aid." which will discuss the current state of
federal and state student aid programs;
"The Draft.” a discussion of draft ex.
periences and alternatives; and "Tuition
and Budget." a discussion of the politics of
rising tuition and budget cuts. The
workshops cover a broad spectrum of issues
facing college students. "Most students
think their doing just fine." said Tierney.
“But there is a crisis in Aincricait Society.
A lot of Reagan’s policys are incredible."

 Library special request unanswered by DOB

 

"The last thing we want to do is cut
horns further," Nitccki nituntuilicd. llc ad-
mitted that additional hours cutbacks re—
main a "theoretical possibility."

"it's as serious a problem to us as it is to
students.“ Nitccki lamented. “Until we get
a change in resources we cannot change the
policy." D

awareness

chlcr will coitduct a workshop on the
rirrilti-phase Rolling Plait. the SUNY Cen-
trttl Administration‘s plan to deal with the
increasing state budget cuts. “They claim
it's the satire high quality program." ltc
said. "but it’s just an excuse and rit-
tionaiization of program cuts and retren-
chrncnts."

Registration for the conference will take
place in the SA office front 4:30-7:30 pm.
There is a five dollar registration fee.

Feeling indignant over the reverses taking
place in higher education and facing college
students. Tierney said. “We have to wake
up. we are losing all the thiitgs we hate
fought for and this conference is going to
show somconc to stop." l'

Board of Elections denial spurs SA lawsuit

By Beth Brinser

and Karen l’irozzi
.\'I'.:tI'I" iI’ItII'I:'ItS

The Albany County Board of Elections
rejected Thursday SA‘s request for a poll—
ing place on campus.

SA president Mike Corso irttciids to file a
lawsuit against the Board of Elections as

 

 

 

LOIS MATTABONI UPS

SA Attorney Mark Mishier _‘

Believes SA has a valid case

well as Electiort Commissioners Raymond
Kitticy(Rep) and George Scarittgc(i)cnt).

SA lawyer Mark Mishlcr believes the laws
in New York governing the conduction of
election favor the SA request.

“Our main argument," said Mishlcr.
falls under subparagraphs. numbers three.
four. five and six." of section 4-100 of the
Election Laws.

Misltlcr said the main point of silli—
paragraph tiirce states there may be one
votiitg botlt for no more than 800 voters.
and two voting booths for no more than
950 voters.

Oddly enough. due to the city division
lincsyoi tlic uptown campus, the four quads
are not all in the same voting district. All of
State and Colonial Qurtd's residents vote in
Ward is of Albany‘s third district, while
Dutch and litdian Qurrd's residents vote in
Tire Guilderland district of Albany County.

Presently. there are l.7i6 voters
registered in Ward 15 and l.015 voters in
the Guilderland polling place.

Both of these figures violate the qtrotas.

According to Mlshlcr, subpuragra‘ph.

four of the santc section has established
that when the number ofrcgistcred voters
cxcccds those numbers by at least 50. the
clcctiort district "must be realigned.“

Mishler also noted that any clcction
district may he established for the come
nicncc of the voters. Low student votcr tur-
nout in the l9ill election has bccrt at
tributed to the inaccessibility of tire 15Ilt
ward polling place located at St. Margaret
Mary's School. off Western tivcnuc.

Corso believes since the district must be
divided. it makes sense to includc tltc cttttt—
pus, thus establishing a polling place on
campus.

Sttbparagraph fch of the Election Law
mandates that "arty alteration or subdivi-
sion of the election district shall be riiadc
before July 1 of that same year."

“in the event the legislative hodytAlbany
Common Council) fails to do so. then the
County Board of Elections shall do so." as
stated itt subprirtigraph six. Neither the
Albany Common Council or The Albany
County Board of Elections has obeyed this
legislation. .  r. , _ v

in a statement Thursday. concerning
their decision they say that SA's request
was iinidc too late for this.clection since
voters linvc already been notified where
they are to vote. The release also stated a
new voting booth will be installed at St.
Margarct Mary's School and voting will be
monilcrcd.

Kinlcy and Scaringc
available for comment.

Corso can see no reason why then: is not
enough titnc for a polling place to be
established in time for this election.

Mishlcr questioned why this booth was
not established before this time. He
believes renotifying voters would take only
three days and has promised that SA would
assist tltc elcctiuri commission with publici-
ty by notifying student voters witcre to
vote.

Mishlcr said he hopes to have an order
for the Board of Elections to sltow cause
for not establishing the new polling place.

if this happens there should be a hearing
and decision at the end of next week

_ predicted Mishlcr.. . , . . ill,

have not been

  

