 

 
 
 
    
  

    
 

    
    
    
       
         
  
  
  

   
   

  

tttttt. . uttt -tti .. ~
t up“. 'iittttt’,,1,iiiiil "i i
w" t

.; r

I
,\
t: g;

      
   
      
     
       
        
        
         
       
       
        
    
   
   
   
    
      
        
        
          
        
        
       
        
     
      
      
        
          

   
    
 

    
       
    

 

 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  

Albany GreatDanes --A Reason

By MICHAEL CARMEN

liver seasort. itt every sport wltett yott
ask tlte team‘s coach ttltat lie or she thinks
abottt the upcoming season witlt few excep-
tiotts they use tltc word “optimistic” to
describe the team‘s chances of doittg well.
I‘m tunatcly for sottte of tltcse e tches peo-
ple forget very easily. For tlte coaches of
Albany's 2| varsity sports. for tlte most
purl. it didn‘t tnake a difference if the
pttblic tetnctttbercd or forgot. becattse it
was a “super year“ l'or tlte Great Dartes ac-
cordirtg to Athletic Director Bob Ford.

The two perennial powers of" Albatty.
basketball and football. agairt sported
good records and exciting actiort. but
tteitlter tearrt was able to sltine ill the na-
tiortal spotlight. lt' yott would like to look at
a tcatn tltat has acltieved ttatiortal pro-
tnittence tltert quickly turtt to Joe Dclvfeo's
wrestling team.

The gratutlcrs accurttulatcd a [7—3-1
record while winning the Great Dane
Classic artd. tttorc importantly. crowning
three All-Atttcricatts: Andy Scras. Spero
'l'hcol'ilatas attd Dave Averill. DeMeo
evaluated tlte season by stating: ‘llistory
will tell tltat this is orte ol'the greatest teattts
in Albany State history.”

(in tltc women's side the women's
volleyball teattt accumulated the highest win
total for arty sport ttt any year. “till-Vim en
victories qualified tltcttt for the State ('ham-
piortships ranked number two and the
liastcrrt 'l'onrnament. The women ctenlttal-
ly came itt fourtlt irt the states while |.i/.
Roscttlltal was selected to tltc NYSAIAW
all-star learn. Coach Pat l)wyer also
acknowledged Reba Miller. Rosa Prieta.
artd Donna Chaicl irt helping to acctttrtulate
their fine record.

Back to the biggies...

Coach Bob l-‘ord’s corps started the
seasort off with a hang. The Great Dartes
upset Division lll potver ltltaca. 17-7, in
ltltacrt. When the Danes travelled to
Southern Connecticut the fireworks cort-

 t. r

l
-t

 

   

  

 Year in Review

tirttted and Albany recorded yet another
upset.

All was looking up for Albany football as
they achieved a ranking of tltrce itt tlte
NCAA Division [II t'ttttkittgs. But. then the
Danes travelled to Union for a game which
tttany observers concluded that Albany
would win with the only question tentairt~
ing: “by how much?" Union answered the
question that Saturday afternoon attd also
made a staterttertt of their owtt. The answer
was tltrce arid the statement was articulated
rather clearly: “Albany. you lose."

The Danes would accumulate a respec-
table 7-3 record and fittd a new quarter-
back. Tom Pratt. to rttart the wishbone at-
tack. Dave Hardy recorded a new school
record for interceptions with eight wltile
Bob Brien established a new reception
record. The defense allowed only HS poittts
artd Ford concluded: “The season ertded
with a good taste irt my mouth."

It was not a dowtt year for Great Darte
football.

For Dick Sauers this was supposed to be
the proverbial rebuilding year. What
followed. until a visit to liul'falo, did rtot
resemble a rebuilding team itt shape nor
fortn. Quite frattkly. Coach Sancrs “did a
good job." He enlisted a freshman
backcourt. Dart Croutier attd .latt
Zadoorian. and injected sortie experience
with Mike Gatto. .lolttt l)ieckc|tnau and .loe
.ledttak with the net result beirtg art lit-10
record.

There were rttatty highlights itt the Dane
season. After stumbling tltrouglt the first
onc~qttarter of tire s'L' sort Albany became
ltot over the inter. ssion. They won the
Great Dane Classic. beat llarttvick for the
first tirrtc itt nine years arid defeated ()rteon-
la in ()neonta for the second tittte irt it
years.

The Dartes then resttttted their intense
rivalry with the Potsdaut Bears. In lltcir
first meeting at University Gym “the beast"
cattte out in the partisan crowd and Albany
>00I1Ifllllt‘ll on page [9

till trig

 

  
 

MAY 7, 1982

for Optimism

Proud to be a
Dane page 23

       

        

i ’-

 

   
 
  
  
 
  

 

 
     
    
   
   
   
   
   
 

  
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

New Bill May
Halt Federal
Aid to
Non-Registrants

By Wayne Peercboom
Ell/ITIR IN ( IIII’I"

 

 

 

College slttdettts who don't register for
the draft may lose federal aid if legislation
currctttly ill the House of Representatives
becomes law.

(‘ttlifornia Senator SJ. llayakawa tn-
trodttced the proposal as art amendment to
the Department of Defence Authorivation
llill wltielt was passed by the Senate on May
l2 by a margin of 84 to it. llayakawa aide
.l.l). Palmer explained that the department
of Defence Authorization llill covers all
military spending.

Palmer said llayakawa's arrtertdtttettt
received unanimous Settatc,approval.

Palmer explained that if the bill is passed
by the Settatc attd signed irtto law by
Reagan, “anyone applyirtg for federal aid
will be required to prove that lie indeed has
registered. If the applicant has not
registered. he will be given 30 days tO prove
registration or to register. if at the end of 30
day. there is no registration. he will be
declared ineligible for federal aid."

Among tltc types of federal aid that

‘would be lost are Basie Educational Oppor-

tttnity Grants (BEOG). Supplemental
Educational Opportunity Grants (SEOG)
attd Guaranteed Student Loans, Palmer
said.

The bill would take effect on October 7
bttt would ttot be retroactive, Palmer said.

Meanwhile, N.Y. Representative Jerry
Solorttatt of Glens Falls is planning to in-
troduce art identical amendment irt the
llotrse. Solorrtan Spokesperson Gary
Holmes said the amendment will have the
same wording as Hawakawa's proposal.

Holmes said Solorttart has similar amend-
ments planned that would deny federal jobs
attd welfare to non-registrants.

Estimates of the number 01' nort-
registrants range frortt 527.000 (Hayakawa)
to close to a tttillion (Committee Against
Registration for the Draft — CARD).

Holmes said Soloman sees the amend-
ment as a means to cut down the number of
non-registrants.

Hayakawa. on the other hand. sees it
somewhat differently. “It is a real travesty
when those who don‘t register can turn
around and apply for grants. loans and all
types of educational benefits." Hayakawa
told the Senate when lte introduced the
amendment.

Anti~registratiort groups are up in arms
over the proposal. Gerry Comfort. a
spokesperson for CARD irt Washington
D.C. called the Hayawaka amendment “a
back door number witltout arty pttblic
debate." Cortdort contends the amendment
was tacked on to the Department of
Defense Authorization bill at the latest
possible moment. Condon also felt the fact
that the bill was passed late in the scltool
year prevented students from mobilizing
against it.

CondOtt also said there could be pro-
blems irt provittg whetlter a student has
registered. A Huyawaka spokesperson said
the process would probably involve the
Secretary of Education verifying each appli-
cant's registration with the Selective Service
but there was no specific verification pro-
cess outlined in the bill.

 

State University of New York at Albany
JUNE 1982 Volume LXIX Summer Number 1

Uncle

 

copyright © 1982 the A.

  

ill .\N I/ [\"IIIIU \Iltth'nl l'rhs

n — and I000 children + lead threeftltntrters Infin rnililon down 42nd Strget

The largest rrIlI v in Ville .t'lale '.r Iris/urge t'u/minulerl in speeches um/ music in (‘enlrttl I’urk

Demonstrators Call for a Halt

of Nuclear Weapons Build-up

By Dean Bell
MANAGING EDI FOR

NEW YORK —— A march stretcltittg front
the United Nations building to Central
Park June 12 capped a day of speeches.
music and rallies calling for reductions in
nuclear weapons. Tlte march was followed
by a rally in Central Park with music front
rock and. folk performers and speccltcs
frorn religious. peace. and labor leaders.

Police said that tile rally of 750.000 was
the largest in New York's history.

Tltc march. led by 1.000 children and a
.nan on tall stilts dressed as Uncle Sam. ran
three and one-half ntilcs tO its end at llte ral-
ly. Marchers chanth slogans such as
"Human race. not arms race" and “l. 2. 3.
4. We don't want anotlter war. 5. 6. 7. 8.
We don't wanna radiate" artd forttted the
mace sign with their fingers artd sang “Give
peace a chance."

The ntain rnarclt was met along its route
by several smaller feeder marches represen-
tittg neighborhoods and special interests
such as feminists. writers. pacifists. and
‘oeial workers. The main march was divid-
:d into 26 constituant groups including
such groups as religious people. computer
technicians, third world people and peace
organi..ations.

A group of 50 countervdemonstmtors

>Papr 5 i met tht ‘ .urr.tamcttt march at the UN. The

group. led by fundamentalist Rev. Carl
Mclrttirc of the International Council of
Chrisitan Clttrrcltcs bore signs reading
"Peace is a Soviet weapon of conquest"
artd “Disarmament equals surrender!" No
incidents between the two groups were
reported.

Central Park filled quickly as tltc mar-
chers poured in. Actor Orson Wells advised
“We have two choices — life or death. Do
you hear that. Mr. Reagan?"

The biggest problem presented by the
'tuge crowd was that not enough portable
toilets were available. People Of botlt sexes
attending tltc rally quickly found alternative
facilities in a circle of bushes not far from
the stage.

Speakers at the day-long event
represented the diverse itttercsts that sport-
sored the rally. They included Coretta Scott
King. William Sloatt Coffin. and Bella Ab--
Lug. Coffin‘s address included a release of
3.000 balloons.

Musicians performing at the rally includ-
ed Jackson Browne, Gary U.S. Bonds. Hol-
ty Near. Linda Ronstadt.

also made unpublicized performances at the
rally.
Two days after the rally, June 14. I600
. ' >Page 5
See the rally In picture: on page 6

and James r
Taylor. Bruce Springsteen and Joan Baez t

   

W Sworn Pncss CORPORATION

Nickel Deposit

For Every Can

and Bottle Sold
in New York

By Beth Brlnser

'EII'S [tn/[OR

()rt .lttrtc IS. 1982. Governor Hugh 1.
Carey signed the bottle bill which will take
effect beginning July 1. I9R3. The law will
require a nickel deposit on every beverage
cart or bottle sold in New York State.

(‘arey's signature is tlte culmination of
the sttpport efforts of New York Public lrt-
tercst Research Group (NYPIRG). the
Sierra Club, the Farm Bureau attd the
League of Women Voters. Their intensive
lobbying in tltc New York State Senate artd
Assembly has been going strong since
January.

The bill had met with strong opposition
front the bottling industry and supermarket
chains. In fact. legislative opponents of the
bottle bill introduced into the Senate a bill
called “Total Litter Control" (TLC) which
they claimed would effectively reduce all lit-
ter itt the state not just effect bottles and
cans:

Senator William Smith (Republican), a
“sponsor ofTLC callcdt"the signature of the
governor of that bill a slap in the face to
business and labor. When the breweries
started building here in New York. the
governor promised never to sign a bottle
bill."

However. the governor's Deputy Press
Secretary Ronald Tarwater claimed there is
"Nothing in writing that Carey would or
would not (sign a bottle bill)."

Smith said the new law pleased only
Ralph Nader arid the Woman's League. He
believes it will have a very severe impact on
the New York State cconotny. But he did
rtot cite any specific examples. “We spend
tttilliorts to get irtdttstry into the state." he
.sttit|,"ttttd this bill is bound to lose milliorts
'tin industry dollars). It's the wrong tlting at
'he wrong time. it can only ltavc a ttegativc
impact."

NYPtRG‘s Project Coordinator Jane
Greenberg was ecstatic when she heard the
bill had been signed by the governor. The
bottle bill had received extensive lobbying
efforts from NYPIRG.

Greenbcrg believes Carey signed the bill
because the people in New York State
wanted it. “He responded to public opi»
nion." The governor‘s office revealed
>Page 5

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

I AC
tNYPIRG’s Jane Gumbel-g
[ worked for bottle bill

 

