 

n‘OC‘IUDER 8. 1982 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

i. ' 

,.

  

‘l‘itu‘t’: t.  ill ' :11. .ili‘l‘ltl-‘fh

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

Archbishop cancels trip

Warsaw. Poland
(AP) Roman Catholic Archbishop Jozef Olemp has
cancelled a visit to the Vatican this week and a trip to 12
U.S. and Canadian cities later this month. church'officials
said today. _ .

The decision apparently stems from his fears of a violent
reaction to a preposed new law banning the Solidarity
union.

Earlier. Bishop Jerzy Dabrowski. secretary of the church
episcopate, said Glemp was scrapping the North American
tour but was still considering the trip to the Vatican to at-
tend the canonization of Father Maksymillion Kolbe. a
Polish priest who died at the Auschwitz Naze concentration
camp during World War 11.

Shortly afterwards. church of ﬁeials announced that both
trips were off. ‘

The ofﬁcials. who declined to be named, gave no reason
for the cancellation. but observers said the move definitely
reflected Glemp's concern over the law to ban Solidarity.
which is expected to receive approval from Parliament dur-
ing a two-day session beginning Friday.

Glemp. spiritual leader of Poland's powerful Catholic
:hurch. has expressed grave concern over a possible worker
revolt to the proposed new trade union law.

The draft legislation outlaws Solidarity in name and
structure. severely limits the right to strike and lists tough
guidelines for rebuilding an entirely new union system in
Poland. which has been under martial since Dec. 13.

The goVernment's martial-law decree suspended Solidari-
ty after 16,mon1hs of labor unrest and challenges to Com-
munist Party authority. but it did not specifically ban the
union. Solidarity, the only independent labor movement in
the Soviet bloc. was formed in August 1980.

Soviets attempt theft

Washington
(AP) Defense Secretary Casper Weinberger said on Thurs.
day the Soviets attempted to steal a device vital to air and
satellite reconnaissance. but the equipment was intercepted
before leaving the United States.

Weinberger mentioned this brieﬂy in a speech in which
he accused the Soviets of using both legal and illegal
methods “to raid our technological base."

“They tried to steal a multispectral scanner, which is in-
dispensable to military air and satellite reeconnaissance,"
Weinberger said in a speech prepared for the American
League for Experts and Assistance.

"Fortunately. it was intercepted as it was being smuggled
out of the country on a corporate aircraft." he added.

Experts said the scanner is used to moniter voice com-
munications. _

Weinberger gave no other details, but Pentagon sources
said the incident occurred early this year and that the ship-
ment was prevented by agents working under a Treasury
Department operation called “Excdus.”

The sources. who asked to remain anonymous, said "Ex-
edus" is designed to choke off the illegal diversion of key
US. technological devices to the Soviet Union and other
countries which might be hostile to the United States.

Student arrested for drugs

Stanford. CA
(AP) A Stanford University student has been arrested for
possession of drugs that police say were shipped to him
from the People's Republic of China.

Stanford police Capt. Raoul Niemeyer said Neil David
MacAvoy, 20. son of Coming Glass Works president
Thomas MacAvoy. was arrested Wednesday after ofﬁcers
kicked in the door of his room at his fraternity house.

The two-week investigation began when customs ofﬁcials
became suspicious of a package from China addressed to
MacAvoy. Postal'officials delivered the package Wednes-
day. and a dozen officers arrested the student a short time
later.

MacAvoy. a Stanford junior. is a resident of Corning,
NY. The city is the corporate headquaters ofCorning Glass
Works, a world leader in the manufacture of specialized
glass products.

Ofﬁcials of the Drug Enforcement Administration said
they believed it was the ﬁrst arrest on the West Coast inv
volving drugs imported from China.

Record-breaking trading

New York
(AP) Wall Street exploded into a record—breaking trading
frenzy Thursday. a buying spree that was fed by falling in-
terest rates and which swept stock. bond and gold prices
sharply higher.

The rally powered the Dow Jones industrial average
21.71 points higher to 965.97. That came on the heels of a
37 .07-polnt gain Wednesday. which was the second-largest
daily increasc'ever for the closely watched average.
Trading volume totaled a record 147.07 million shares at

   

" Scholarship opportunity 8"

The Raytheon Company is sponsoﬁng, full-time
graduate studies in engineering and physical sciences.
through a new scholars program.

To qualify you must have a bachelors degree in one of
those ﬁelds. or be a senior expecting such a degree. The
same holds for its doctorate program.

For information about all qualifications and applica-
tions, the address is College Relations Manager,
Raytheon Company, 141 Spring St.. Lexington. Mass.
02173.

      
   

 

YOU ABAN—

MLE sh“ tI AGAN AND AGAIi

Alta Alilllf was r

 
 

 

 

 

Resist the registration

“Draft Registration: Resistance Strategies for the 80's”
will be the topic of a forum to be held tonight at 7:30 at
the Social Action Center. 221 Central Ave.. Albany. The
forum is sponsored by the Registration and Draft Com-
mittee of the Albany Peace and Energy Council. Speaking
will be Bruce Beyer. himself a Vietnam draft resistor and
an anti-war activist. Admission is free.

ICs-ungnm briefs

interested Seniors to meet

The Class of 1983 will be having an interest meeting
Monday night at 7 at the Fireside Lounge. All those in-
terested are invited to attend. Call Mala Kcsslcr at
489-8258 for more information.

Colloquium to be held

The Women's Studies Program is sponsoring a collo-
quim next Wednesday at 12: 15, dealing with Dual Worker
Families. Speaking will be Audrey Smith from lhc school
of Social Welfare. It happens in the Humanities Lounge
and the public is invited. Ca11457-84l9 for more informa-

tion.

Jewish soul day featured

To highlight the cultural instead of the controvcrainr
aspects of lsrael, JSC¢Hiilei and Students for lsrael rnc
sponsoring lsrael Awareness Day in front of the (furnpm
Center fountain on Tuesday from 11 am to 3 pm.
Refreshments will be served including free beer illlll
fclafel. the closest thing to Jewish soule food around.

Simchat services sponsored

Services for Simchat Torah services will beheld tomor-
row at the Shabbas House on Fuller Road at 6:30pm.;
and at the Chapel House at eight. After the Chapel House
services, there will be a celebration sponsored by lSt‘-
Hillel. marking this the last of the Jewish autumn
festivals.

Meet with the law

A representative from the University of Santa Clara
School of Law will be on campus to meet with students on
Tuesday from 14:30 pm. An appointment is necessary
though and to get one call 457-8331.

 

 

 

 

 

the New York Stock Exchange, a level that kept the tape
that reports stock trades running behind throughout the
day. The previous record was 137.33 million set Aug. 26.

Even before the market opened Thursday there was fresh
evidence that interest rates were heading lower. Manufac-
turers Hanover Trust cut its prime rate from 13.5 percent to
13 percent. Bankers Trust had gone to 13 percent last week
but no other banks followed. But by noon Thursday the 13
percent rate had swept the banking industry.

Cuomo and Lehrman debate

New York
(AP) Gubernatorial candidates Mario Cuomo and Lewis
Lehrman met in a f ree-for-all debate Thursday with Cuomo
charging Lehrman with trying to buy the election and
Lehrman accusing him of a negative campaign.

Democrat-Liberal Cuomo said Lehrman's candidacy was
“distinguished only by the enormous financial resources
that made it possible."

“it raises the question of whether the leadership of the
greatest state in the nation can be earned or can be
bought," Cuomo said.

Lehrman. the Republican and Conservative candidate.
called the contest one which gives the voters a clear choice
between “a professional politician and an independent
businessman who represents the taxpayers of the State of
New York."

The debate. their ﬁrst of the campaign. was sponsored by
the New York Post at a breakfast meeting attended by
about 800 political, business and labor leaders in the
Sheraton Centre.

The format for the meeting was supposed to have the
candidates answer questions from a panel of reporters, but
the rebuttal after their opening statements became a give-
and-take exchange for nearly an hour before the reporters
asked some questions.

&5%
Corporation Board
meeting will be held
Sunday, October 10 at
Noon In the Newsroom.

 

 

 

 

_*

Archbishop Trifa deported

Detroit
(AP) Romanian Orthodox Archbishop Valerian Trifa, ac-
cused of being an ardent Nazi supporter who incited riots
that killed 300 people during World War 11. will be
deported, the Justice Department announced today.

"This is the ﬁrst time in 30 years a person has bccrt
ordered deported for fascist activities  and it won't be the
last," Allan A. Ryan. director of the Office of Special in-
vestigations in the US. Justice Department said at it ncws
conference. Ryan said his office is probing 210 people who
are known fascists living in the United States. Twenty—five
of these cases are in the courts.

The announcement was made after an abrupt end to
Trifa’s deportation trial in Detroit fellowing an agreement
worked out between Trifa and federal authorities, sitid
Trifa's defense attorney. William Swor. The trial had 0ch-
ed Monday.

The deportation order was disclosed by Peter lllru'k.
historian for the Ofﬁce of Special investigations in the
Justice Department.

The archbishop will leave the United States voluntarily
and hopes to go to Switzerland, said Swor, Trifa will altl‘h’
for travel documents from Switzerland and must leave the
United States within 60 days after receipt of the docullictlts.
the defense attorney said.

Coalition launches attack

xl/hrlll)‘, NY
(AP) An anti-plastics attack was launched 'l‘luu'stltty by at
coalition seeking tighter fire and building codes tlrrorrttl't'i”
New York.

“The plastic lead in fircs today is what's killing pcoplt‘
and killing firemen.” said Robert Golluick. presitlcnl 01'th
state Professional Firefighters Association.

“There's no way to control poisouirrgs contained in
plastics used for furnishing, but we can control pltlslit's use
in construction." he said during a news conference durlntt
Fire Prevention Week.

Gollnlck said he expects a state-funded toxicity *“i'ly'
due for completion next spring. Will lead to stricter cttlllttil‘
over plastics used in construction.

in the meantime, his coalition of groups is holdintt.
.Oct. 20 seminar in Albany on the hazards of plastics and 0"
lobbying strategies for next year's legislative session. '

Plastics are now used in many aspects of construction in-
clludlng walls, ceilings, piplng, light fixtures and hill“ 5W"'
c es.

illl

 

 New

 

By Steve Gosset
EDINRML ASSISTANT
Plans for a new graduate school at
SUNYA might meet resistance from private
schools that currently, offer similar pro-
grams ln the state. said Warren llchman.
SUNYA Vice President of Research and
Graduate Studies.

 

cd School of Environmental Health.
various programs of which have been over-

whelmingly approved by the University '

Senate and endorsed by SUNYA President
Vincent 0'1. cary.

Columbia is currently the only university
in the state that has a school of public
health which has sortie similar programs
and would like to keep it that way. accor-
ding to Senate clinir Peter Krosby.

“Columbia will be trying to close the
market. it has a monopoly and would like
to keep it."

That allegation was denied by Robert
Weiss. dean of the Columbia School of
Public Health. "Somonc is trying to start a
little wttr up there and l'm not going to get
involved in it." he said.

Weiss said that since the proposed
SUNYA curriculum was geared to the
laboratory sciences, "we will never meet
those needs in this school. We don‘t see this
as an intrusion of our turf."

New York University and Cornell are
rurtoug schools that also offer programs
that have or will be proposed, although it is
not known if they will opposc SUNYA'S
plans. '

_ llchman did not name Columbia as a
possible source of trouble, but did say that
"some private schools might be opposed."
llchman acknowledged that strong enough
lobbying by any one school might thwart
plans. He mentioned that last year

Rensselaer Polytechnic institute complain-
ed loudly enough to the state and blocked
NYU from restarting an engineering cur-
riculum to a major extent. "if they object
..strongly enough. it can be stopped." he
said.

llchman did maintain that lack of supply

. called for a public health school here. "in
Potential problems surround the propos- ‘

 

Fear of Strangers will be featured.

 

  

it looks like the theme for this weekend to tree outdoor music.

Fear of Strangers to one of the eight bands that will be performing at
Albany's Larkleat If on Saturday afternoon. Sponsored by the Lark Street Area
Merchants Association. the event will feature a barrage of flea markets. arts
and crafts as well as live bands from 11:30 am. through 8 pm.

Sunday, the action moves to SUNYA where UCB and SA will present Fall
Fest beginning at 1 pm. behind the Campus Center. Blotto and who else but

New England they have 11 million people
and four schools of public health. in New
York there are 18 million people and one
school. And it is in the private sector."

Weiss dismissed that notion saying.
"There are 220 million people in the coun-
try and only 22 public health schools.

 

.g‘

.. "5‘
1x.

 

 

 

 

 

DEAN BETZ ASP

U

 

 

graduate school may face opposition

Demographics show that the population of
high school graduateswill drop 40 percent in
.the Northeast U.S. That says something
about the number of schools. He mention-
ed tl3at Harvard's school did not fill its class
rthis year. Weiss said that he welcomed the
SUNYA proposals as they could not be
considered fully in the realm of public’
health and would not pose as a conflict.
After the expected approval by O'Leary
'of all programs for the school. it goes to the
,State Education Department for considera-
‘tion. it it gets over that hurdle, the
blueprint is sent to SUNY Central for the

necessary amendment to the SUNY master .

plan. Even without opposition, the process
is expected to take lll least a year. according
to Frederick Volkwein. assistant to
O'Lettry.

The programs have sailed throught the
Senate at its last two meetings. The prime
reason proponents said. is the minimal
start-tip costs. According to Krosby. the
programs are "based on resources now in
existence."

Most of the faculty he sriid. will he made
up of state scientists who will work as ad-
junct professors. “People don‘t mind doing
what they are illfclltly paid for. Most have
academic research experience and would
like to work with students again," Krosby
said.

llchman stud tluit the cost of a dean for
the school depended on "who is engaged."

raising the possibility that it could he so-

uiconc already at SUNYA and “may not
cost anything."

Already approved by the Senate arc
nutslcrs and doctoral programs in en-
virourucntai research and toxicology, and
pathobiology. Still in the planning stages
are programs in cpcdimiology and
biometrics. Cl

Kremer tells “how to get out of 1983 alive”

 

Teri Kaplowitz

. news Huron

New; York State Assemblyman Arthur
“Jerry” Kremer attacked Reaganomics.
praised Mario Cuomo, and offered solu-
tions to tighten the 1983 budget during a
speech in the Campus Center Assembly
Hall Tuesday.

 

The House Ways and Means Committee
Chairman told a sparse audience that the
effects of Reagan’s federal aid cuts of two
years ago are just beginning to be felt now,
and said the state will only pick up $2.2

million out of Reagan’s $200 ruiilion cuts in
drug, day care, and alcohol programs. '

"Reaganomics will cost the state $250
million. The administration in Washington
is doing a lot of things to lturt a lot of peo-
ple." nOtcd Kremer.

Kremer, a Democrat, acknowledged that
the legislature has not mastered the alloca-
tion of block grants. “We need a year or
two to handle things." he said.

A 17-year veteran of the Assembly.
Kremer predicted he would be able to
develop a working relationship with
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mario

 

  
   

 

 

DAVE RIVERIA UPS

New York Assemblyman Arthur "Jerry" Kramer
"Rquanomlcs will cost the slqte ($25!) million. "

 

Cuomo were he clectcd governor. However.

I'l' Lehrman were to be elected. Kremer prcr

dicted" four years of warfare."

While nOt mentioning Lehrman directly,
Kremer warned that “any candidate who
says they can cut taxes won‘t be able to do
it."

Calling the tax system a “disgrace.” and
labeling the State Comptroller's job a
"glorified bookkeeper." Kremer said a new
administration would make New York
more efficient.

Kremer estimated the state‘s worst possi-
ble deficit next year could rtin as high as 100
million dollars. and offercd_suggestions as
to 'how to get out of 1983 alive."

After stressing the need to keep down the
amount in the state budget. he called for an
“honest” hiring freeze in the state govern-
ment.

"Tltcrc has never been a legititnate freeze
in the state," Kremer noted. Governor
Hugh Carey’s announced freeze on all state
levels has shown no savings so far. said

Kremer. “Somehow they managed to hire
people."

Next year will test 'lhe imagination of
legislative offices." he said.

Kremer also suggested state workers
could be "recycled" rather than ﬁred - that
is. transferring them to other jobs where
work is needed. and also called for retire-
ment incentives. Along those lines, he
belie'ved many state agencies could be
consolidated.

Kremer recalled ten years ago. when his
job was more pleasant. "it's not fun
anymore to be in the legislative with no
money. We used to be able to do
everything. Now we say no more than we
say yes.

"The public doesn't understand that if
the governrncrtt doesn‘t say 'no.’ they will
eventually pay for it."

However, Kremer remains optimistic that
the legislature will react “boldly” and
“vigorously” to pull the State back on its
feet again. [3

The United Jewish Appeal invites
you to hear a guest speaker on
project renewal in Israel, on
Thursaday October 14 at 8:30 PM

in the Campus

Center. To be

followed by a Wine and Cheese
Party. Please RSVP if you intend

to come.

Ca ll

45 7-7925 ask for Ellen or Roberta

Of

45 7—4508 JSC Office

 

‘ » . . v v ‘7
J .1 (r.l'.l. nu. ml in ‘tt \n' 'J .om t'u'trvi s'r'ulc r anion: 1‘

Wm  ..   . . .. ... .. . ... ... ..... .......... . ..... . .
..I l eunuu‘uuu-amnnv Ava—vuqu—urn-.uvu—uv-unmucwv'

 

 

 

 

