  

,N- .. ~--4~ qua-—

 

 

 

    

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 Sports

Danes gear for Union after blanking Brockport

Undefeated Albany ranks third in nationwide
Division III poll with two early season wins,

 

By Marc Hrtspel
imitrs EDITOR

There's something extra abotrt a local rivalry. On the
schedule the game fits in like any other, btit on the playing
field there's sortietliing more. The players feel it rriid the
farts catr sense it; there is usually electricity iii the air. These
are the makings of a fine rivalry.

'l‘omtirrow tlte Capital District will he treated to its
newest collegiate rivalry, and it will be bullied right here on
Uniicisity l’ieltl. Possessing a third place Division III titt-
iiorral ranking. the undefeated Alhariy State Great Danes.
coming off a tesoutrding victory t|\ er the llrockpoit liaglcs
Jtl-tl. take on the also tritdct'catcd Union ('ollegc Dirt-
clttttclt. liotlr teams Irate identical 2-0 records.

"it has become it big ll\illl) because we‘re making it a
big rivalry." said l)aric head coach lloh lord. “i would say
that last )car they (Union) had all titciage l)i\lsitttt lll foot-
hall tcarri and we had a good l)l\lslttll lll football team. but
we let tlrcui beat us. llrcy deserved to win.“

first year. the Albany-Uirioir contest was the first
trrectirig between the two tearirs in scieial decades. it was
supposed to have beett a one-sided affair. The Duties were
3-0 at the time and. coincidentally. had a third place rank-
ing in the Division lll national polls. Further. the Dut-
chmen didn't sectti to have the talent needed to stop the
high-flying Danes. When the gatnc was over. however.
there was celebration iti Schenectady (Union territory) and
despair in Albatty. Union defeated the Danes 10-7.

This season things are a little bit different. Particularly
the Dutelrtiien. A vastly improved team tltis season over
last, Union. tritder the direction of new head coach Al
liagnoli. has jumped out to their best start iri twelve years.

“They are for real this year." said l’ord. The Dutchmen
demolished Hobart 49-l4 last week after defeating
Rochester 28-7 itt their season opctrcr. “They have an ex-
cclletrt Division lll football team."

Union runs a high powered offense mixing up several
formations in order to confuse opposing defenses. "They
iriakc the best use of their personnel through their forma-
tions (mostly the l and 'l‘)." said Dane assistant coach
Kevin (itryctte. “They are deceiving."

This deceptive offense is led by qtrartcrhack Dart
Stewart. A good passer, the 5-H). l7t)-pound Stewart ctiii
sprint out of the pocket or drop back and hit his receivers
oti long patterns for big gains. lti Union‘s two victories
Stewart has compiled 307 passing yards and four

Boaters drop two games but still remain intact

 

By Marc Schwarz
.‘i'TAI‘F Il’RI'I'ER

The Albany State men's soccer team has survived the
toughest part of their schedule. A bit loose at the seams.
but still intact.

The Danes dropped two games last week. 4-0 to Cortland
and 5-0 to Hartwick. following their hard forrglit victory
over Plattsburgh last week. putting their record at 2-2-1.

The Danes were expected to lose on Wednesday at home
to former Division l national champions Hartwick. The
Warriors, coming off tough losses to Clemson and St.
Francis. took out their frustrations on the Albany squad in
a rough match.

l-lartwick moved out to an early 3-0 lead on goals by Dan
D'Angclo at 9:14. The Warrior's leading scorer Eddie
Hawkins netted a disputed goal at 15: l9 and Mike Lopoyda
closed out the first half scoring at the 20:l4 mark.
Hawkins' goal was scored on a play that appeared to be
off-sides. Albany coach Bill Schieffelin and Dane players
vehemently protested the counting of the goal.

Hartwiek controlled the tempo of the entire game, outs
shooting Albany l7-l. The Danes seemed in awe of their
nationally known rivals at times. giving the ball away to
create numerous scoring opportunities for the Warriors.

D'Angelo scored his second goal of the game 24 minutes
into the second half and Pat Cruickshank closed out the
scoring nine minutes later heading the ball past goalie Mike

touchdowns.

Stewart likes to throw to his 5-". l75-pound burtier Walt-
Frederick. “lie runs discipline rotttcs." said Guyette of the
senior. who has caught five passes for 95 yards this season.

Stewart's other favorite receivers are Kevin Gibbons.
Frank Kraft and Rich Kellalier. all who stand over 6-0.
Kclialier lends the team in rec ving with six catches for l25

 

 

OCTOBER 1, I982

  

 

Steve Bodncr, 6-3. 220 pounds, the Dutchmen employ the
“hit and hunt principle." according to Guyette. “They
each have a man assigned to bit. then they read his action
and move to the ball." he explained.

The defense is supported by a strong secondary. "The
entire secondary is very tough and talented." said Guyette.
Dominating that region of the field is free safety George
Oberstadt and Tim Wade. a 6-l. l95-pound monster at the
strong safety position.

"We can expect a very physical game because they're a
physical learn defensively." Gttycttc added. “We’re not go-
ing to make any changes in orrr offense. There's no reason
for us to change now. we've been successful. but the

   
 

 

WILL VUHMAN UPS

Great Dane running back lunlor John Dunham leads Albany In several offensive categories Including rushing
receiving yardage and touchdowns. I

yards. wltile Kraft has tirade thrcc catches. two of which
ltave gone for touchdowns.

Running backs llill lltrttiter arid John Johnson join
Stewart in the backfield. lloth bricks have gained well over
l00 yards this season.

“Union has a balanced offense." (itiyctte said. “They
cart score from either the ground or the air."

Union's defense also looks strong. Led by senior tackle.

Brand. Brand had just replaced starting goalie Tom Mer-
rrtt.

Tenrpcrs flared in the second half with two players
receiving rcd cards (ejections) and one a yellow card. The
first incident occurred less than two minutes into the half.
Dane Luis Morales retaliated for a vicious elbow thrown by

»

   

 

 

JIM VALENTINO tips
The men’s soccer team were blanked In both games
they played in last week.

defense hits their work ctrt out for them."

So far this season the Danes' defense has done the job.
After surrerrdcrittg just seven poitlls' to lthaca in the season
opener. the Danes continued their stingy ways by blanking
Brockport.

In fact. it was the defense that ignited the fire last StrttrrA
day iii ltroekport. Corrierback Drive Hardy intercepted an

13>

Scott Smith by punching Smith in the face. Morales was
ejected from the game. Smith only received a yellow card.
Later in the half, Warrior Lopoyda was also given tr red
card. 4

Despite the lopsided score. Sclrieffelin felt there were
some bright spots on his team‘s performance. “We got a lot
of experience playing against Hartwick. You learn a lot
playing against a good team." said Schieffclin. “Now we
can look ahead to the rest of the season. Hopefully we can
go undefeated and we will be in good shape. It will be dif-
ficult. but l'm happy with the way my boys are playing."

However. Scliicffelin was not happy with his team‘s per-
formance last Saturday against Cortland. Again the Danes
could muster no offense, as they were outsliot 16-3 and
otrtscored 4-0.

“if we play the best we can. I’m satisfied. win. lose, or
draw. l was disappointed because we did not play our best.
That is what is disturbing." said Scliieffelin.

Schieffelin felt that the Plattsburgli game had taken a lot
out of his team. physically and mentally. "We had four or ,
five guys who shouldn't have played because of injuries or
sickness. Cortland just physically outran as." he said.

The Danes. who were ranked mm in the state in the
latest poll. hope to strengthen their midfield in order to
bolster their sluggish offensive play, Albany will play their
next two games on the road. Brockport on Saturday atrd
Union on Wednesday.

 

at

&
.al

rat

in

VOLUMELXIX

 

   

   
 

PUBLISHED A T THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

E’Q Tuesday

ALBANY
UDENT

$3.588 October 5, 1982

        

 
    

NUMBER26

 

Women rally Capitol to ‘Take Back The N’ight’

 

By Ciirl Path

Armed with flashlights and a cause. ap-
proximately 400 women rallied in front of
the Capitol steps last Friday night to. accor-
ding tort rally program guide, give ". . . an
opportunity for women to unite in their ef-
forts to heighten awareness around the
issue of rape."

Despite the threat of rain. the ralliers.

 

some of wltom were men. started gathering ‘.

at 6 pm. to “take back the night" — a time
the ralliers felt women to be particularly
vulnerable to violent sexual crime. in the
words of march organizer and speaker Deb-
bie Seliramek. who is also a counselor at the
Albany County Rape Crisis Center. “it is
night. and there is violence."

Toting signs and chanting “Women
unite! Take back the iiiglitl" the ralliers left
the Capitol at 7:30 pm. and marched west
tip State Street. through Washington Park
and back down to the Capitol. Kathy
Kargoll said she was marching because
“I'm pissed off i can't walk safely at night.
l'ni tired of being harassed!" Roberta
Goldberg, tnore calmly explained. “i feel
that it’s time for wonten to take back what
society has taken away. The ability to walk
safely at night and dtrrirrg the day and
freedom from blame from families and
friends for sexutil crimes."

Citizen's Party candidate for Congress.
Mark Dunlea. attended the rally and said.
“I think women should have the right to
walk alone in the Capitol District. lf men
were getting attacked. the probletn would
have been solved long ago."

During a separate protest led by the
Feminist Alliance. approximately‘ 30
students who rallied on SUNYA's uptown
campus were eggcd. nroonctl, and verbally
abused by other students.

The uptown rally was the ctrlnritration ol'
the Women's Safety Awareness Seminar. a
program sponsored by SUNYA and Na-
tional Rape Prevention Week.

Sometimes emotional. speeches. songs.
poems and skits were delivered by members
of tile Albany Rape Crisis Center. the Gray
Panthers. the Disabled Women's Theatre
Group. TACTlC. and the Citizens Party

SA awaiting
decision on
request for
polling place

 

By Karen I’irozzi

As of Monday. October 4. there has been
no response from the Albany County Board
of Elections regarding SA’s reqtiest that a
polling place be established on campus.

SA President Mike Corso hand-
dclivcred a letter on September 23. address-
ed to Board of Election commissioners
Raymond J. Kinley and George P. Scar-
ingc. requesting that a polling be set tip on
campus to make voting more accessible to
students.

“Because we had over l.000 persons
registered to vote in the 15th ward ofthe the
Third election district as of the last general
election. and because a very large percen-
tage of the registrants reside on the Albany
State campus. we are entitled to ti polling
place on campus according to election

Marchers rally against rape at the Capitol

 

LOIS MATTAEONl UPS

li‘omen proclaim their rights and reclaim the .rlreelx.

among others. The messages emphasi/ed
the problems and consequences of rape.
and citi/en participatiott in strliiiig these
problems through volunteer work. influen-
cing legislators and voting. One speaker
stated the importance of “taking our anger
to the polls as well as to the streets.”
Judith V. Condo. Director of the Albany
County Rape Crisis Center and New York
State Representative to the National

  

ERRY COHEN UPS

. . 5"
SA President Mike Corso
SUN YA cull/led to polling place
law," Corso said. Corso referred to Elec-
tion Law 4—l00. which regards the number
of voting booths that must be available per
registered voter. it also states that districts
may be divided according to the conve-
nience of the people.

According to Kinley. he and Scaringe will
meet Wednesday tnortring to discuss the
matter. He said that the final decision con-
cerning the formation of new polling
policies belongs to the city. after a recom-
mendation is tirade by the Board of Elecs

9»

 

Cooperation Against Scsual Assault. corr-
curr'ed with the necessity of political iti-
l‘luence. Condo felt that the present New
York State rape laws ol'ler' inadequate pro-
tection of the citi/etis against violent sexual
crimes. In her speech. she said that progress
has been tirade in requiring piool'ol'earncst
resistance of the \ ictinr agains‘ the assailant
have been changed and that such proof is
no longer necessary for cotivictiort. Condo

said strong networking and lobbying in the
legislature contributed to the bill's passage.

Condo added that rape laws concerning
the degree of rape are pttrely statutory. the
degree of the felony of rape or sodomy be-
ing determined largely by the age difference
between the victim and the assailant. in the
eyes of the law. rape oectrrs when a sexual
act is performed without the consent of
built parties involved. and that the law
determines who is and isn‘t capable of giv-
ing statutory consent. Condo states that
this is inadequate due to the fact that it 25
year old is just as easily raped by force its t1
l7 year old. She said that more emphasis
should be placed on the severity of the sex-
ttal crime. rather than the ages of the victim
and assailant.

Condo e\plaitied that the laws dealing
with tape between it husband and wife are
also inadequate. Under the present law. a
husband may forcibly litive intercourse with
his wife witlrotrt his wife's consent and not
be prosecuted for rape. Also. in cases of
separation. even if the husband and wife
are living apart. the husband may still force
intercourse and not be prosecuted unless a
specific statement is made in a legal separa-
tion agreement prohibiting him to do so or
prosecution shall cnstre. Condo said that
legislation to change these laws is pending.

Rape is the fastest growing violent crime
ttnd has the low est conviction rate of violent
crimes iii the Utritcd States. Research in-
dictttcs that this is partially a result of-the
declining cconoriry and because the crime is
very easy to get away with. said Condo. and
adtled that the ease of the crime results
from the fact that only l in lO rapes are
reported and that therefore the crime is
reinforcing. This occirrs. site said. because
of the traumatic element of the crime and
because 70 to tit) percent of the rapes are
perpetrated by people the woman knows.

"Don't be confused." Condo catttioned.
“by the Hollywood myths. Rapists are not
drooling maniacs that jttrtip out of the
bushes. They are usually people the women
know.“ liccause of this, women are not
likely to report rape because the assailant
might be the \ictim's boss or relative.

Contributing to the problcrit of convic-

9»

Resister gets 27/2 years

 

lly Laririiidu Keys
l\\ilt I III]! PHI 8% "NI/IR

Stilt Dir 0

Benjamin Sasway. a college political
science major. was sentenced to two and a
half years iii a federal miniirrum-sccui'ity
facility like a work crimp Monday for fail-
itig to register for the draft.

U.S. District Judge Gordon Thompson
.lr., who ordered Sasway to prison when he
was convicted August 26 because he feared
the leyear old ririglit flee to Canada.
agreed to grant 3510.000 bail pending ap-
pcai.

U.S. District Judge Gordon Thompson
.lr.. who ordered Sasway to prison when he
was convicted August 26 because he feared
the 2l-year-old tniglit flee to Canada.
agreed to grant $10,000 bail pending an ap-
peal.

Sasway was released from crrstody a few
hours later and said of his sentence. "it was
OK. i expected it. It could have been
worse."

Saswuy said civil disobedience is needed
to “restrain the tyrannical tendencies of
government." and that draft registration

“dcpriies young men of one of the rttost
important moral decisions they cart make
H to take another life."

Sasway was the second person convicted
of failing to register under the law signed by
former President Carter.

linten Filer. 2i. a native of Laverne,
L‘trlit‘.. who was convicted in Roanoke. Vu.
on August l8. was ordered to perform 250
hours of community service and to register
within 90 days.

Susway received no order from Thomp-
son to register, and Rumor has said that his
client riiiglii be charged all over again under
the govcrtiirrent's theory that failitrg to
register is a continuing offense.

“The defendant's actions in this case
have been widely perceived as being based
on a moral stand." U.S. Attorney Peter
Nunez said.

I‘ln fact. I think what we are seeing here
is a political stand . . .

As a political science major. he shotrid
realize how soceity organizes itself." Nunez
said. “The price we all pay
for...freedoms...is the duty to obey the-
law." . E]

 

WWW We... _... .

 

 

  

