 
   

araSsros‘rasAraa

proule presents

Hepburn, Tracy & Poitier

\‘O
Guess Who’s Coming To
Dinner

Wed. Nov 17
CC Ballroom 8:00 PM

There will be a short meeting after the movie to
dlscuss our future

J FREE

  

   
     
   

  

 
      
    

SA FUNDED

 

GONE FLY WI'I'I'I S.F.I.
TAKE A TRIP TO ISRAEL

tuesday november 16th
humanities 354 at 8pm

FREE"

refreshments, info., fun

J .S.C.-S.F.I. committee S.A. funded

 

 

  ISRAEL PROGRAM FAIR

find out about Israel programs and tripsll

‘ slide shows - movies

stop by”

THURSDAY NOV. 18
PHYSICS LOUNGE ( 1st floor)
; FROM 10:00 am-3:00 pm

J.S.C.-S.F.l. committee

 

S.A. FUNDED

 

 

 

'MSZ IN'PUBLIC POLICY
RUSSELL ROBERTS.
ASSTPROFESSOR

PUBLIC POLICY ANALYSIS PROGRAM
UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER
WILL SPEAK WITH INTERESTED STUDENTS
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22
CAMPUS CENTER 370
3:30- 5:00 PM.
WINE AND CHEESE!

 

 

 

 

-' ‘ PI SIGMr—t EP$IhON
CONGRATULATES ‘

E ITS CHARTER MEMBERS
OF
ALBANY’S FIRST

.1 CHAPTER
(GHMM THU!

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

Ego?“ Q’

13955 5 rote ALL THE LAiiiES

 

 

  
   

 

 

Roses coverssv OF Tire lZC‘“ *1 MAN
SPONSOReD lathe Anthropologyclub

 

 

 

 

’.trr'., 'v‘avm‘. mwxmn. tum". .

 

 

 

By Heidi (irulla

snot art/rm

Charles Andrews. tlte lit-year old black
man recetrtly convicted as the Pine Hills
Slasher. has some good friends outside his
prison cell. They‘ve forttred tlte Charles
Andrews Defense Committee in protest of
the trial which dealt him up to 22 years in
prison.

The committee contends that "the man-
nerism of the trial did not lettd itself to what
would be cottsidered a fair trial." said (‘Ior-
dott Van k ess, (‘hairpcrsou of the commit-
tee and President of tire National Associa-
tion of Black Social Workers.

Andrews was sentenced October 4 to

 

terms totalittg 7V.- to 22 years irt state prison.

l'or the first-degree assault of liriu Reilly.
24. arid the second degree assault of (iail
Walsh. 20. Both women were cut with a
razor-like object minutes apart while retur-
nlttg to their Pine llills homes on June 2.

The cotnmittee of approsintately 40
members believes "Andrews is innocent
based on the facts." Van Ness explained a
major fault they see inAndrcws' trial was
the lack of black jurors irt tlte trial of a
blttck man. “There are problems with that
whole system. partially because minorities
don't register into the system." Van Ness
said.

Van Ness said the committee will also
raise questions "as to whether tlte judge
tnight have acted out of character by his

would be useful during the appeal prooess.
He declined. however. to disclose names or
information on other committee members.

Assistant Public Defender James
Banagan, Andrews‘ defense attorney
estimated that it may be six months before
all the necessary paperwork will be com-
pleted and an appeal can be filed. If the ap-
peal is successful. the conviction cotrld be
reversed without a trial. If a new trial is
ordered. it could be as long as 90 days

NOVEMBER 16. I982 t't ALBANYSTUDENT'PRESS 5

Defense committee supports jailed slasher

before the trial begins.

This is where Banagan feels the Defense
Committee could be most useful. “One
thing they might be able to do is to raise
money to get him out on bail pending the
determination of his appeal.

Although ilttnagan is rtot a member ol'tltc
committee. he said he has spoken to am! ad-
vised them "on rttore than one occasion."

The committee was fortrred on September
13th with the assistance of the Black Social

Workers Organization. of which Van Ness
is president. He said the committee ac-
quired members “through Andrews' family
and by word of mouth" around the com-
munity. About 80 percent of the 40
members are minorities, he said.

Van Ness added the group plans to con-
tinue working even after a decision is reach-
ed on the Andrews case. They hope to make
people in the commttnity more aware of
their legal rights. he explained. [3

Community Service openings halved

By Liz Reich

.,  .,__.‘JVCJJIZL..-  “a

Comnnmity Service Programs for the
Spring semester have halved their admit-
tatrce front I.t)00 to 500 students as those
seeking registration were surprised to learn.

According to Central Council member
[Eric Sauter. "Community Service registra-
tion closed two days early. and tltcrc were a
lot of complaints because agencies were
deprived of students and students who
wanted to work and couldn‘t."

(‘otntrutuity Service is a program irt
which students volunteer their services to
community agencies and receive academic
credits. Usually students work six hours a
week and receive three credits in such agen-
cies as hospitals. libraries. law offices. and

the Slate legislature.

Dean of Social Welfare, Stuart Kirk said.
"There has always been a litnit of 1.000
students per year. ltt the past there ltas been
a greater influx of students irt the spring
semester and fewer in the fall semester."
Kirk feels that by imposing this 500 studctrt
limit. the two semesters will ltave equal stu-
dent reptcsetttatiott. Kirk said lte has only
teccived a few complaints from students
and their natnes wte pttt on a wtritittg list.
“Enough students should drop ottt of the
program that those w ho want to get in will
be able to.“ said Kirk.

Sautet' suspects artotltcr reason for the
litttitatiott was a lack of adrttittisttativc help
on tlte Community Service cttd. but Kirk
made Ito IIIcntion of that:

Head of (‘omrnunity Service Program.
llcidl McKinley. said. “It‘s been 1.000
students per year for the past ten years.
What happened this year was that students
signed tip so fast, that registration closed
after Inodays."

"We hate a waiting list of around 50
students. and we hope to admit sorrte
students during drop/add." McKinley add-
ed.

She called the demand for Community
Service registration. "unexpected." but
said. “Nothing has really changed. Every
year students have been closed out."
McKinley maintained, "it's really no dif-
ferent from arty other class where students
get closed out. this year it just happened
'ttstct than usual."

 

persistence that the jury reaclt a ver-
dict." Judge .loseplt Harris. who
presided over tltc trial. settt the jury
hack to continue deliberations after
they reported that they reported
they were unable to teach a verdict.
Van Ness cited t'undraising
its the major function of the
group. He said the funds

Purple and Gold
serves campus

 

Ellen Santasiero

lhe “obvious absence of a
ﬁll t'illli"

tecogtti/ctl settit'c ltott.tt_\
ptts has Ittspitctl tltc creation of tire
Purple and (told. it student
nip.ttnrtttton (lU‘l'tflllfli to lltlltll the
lone lnttc ttccd. .lL't Ultlllli‘ to Sorrch
in I ’lrcsitt. Assistant \itt l‘rt .nlt ill
Ml littt'tt'tsth .\ll.tit .

l’tt'st.lt'ttt 1 Vi l'.|i‘~ ..to :t Itcwl [iii
A ptr'stiritttts -ct\t.u Ult‘.ltlI/.lll«‘ll
lot nt.ru\ years and t lt‘.tl‘.'tl lltc l‘nt
plt- .tiltl \iltitl to [bill k-l NY \ tut ‘I at
\Kitlt other large tlllt\L'l\|li\'~. \.titl
( hesitt.

llrc Ill thatth
|llnittl‘~ and scttiots. “etc sclct‘tttl
artd inducted this fall. lx'atcu lm-
pic. Purple and (told (‘o-adtisor.
attd Director of Student Alumni
Programs to e\plainctl that lite
members will go through on-goittg
traittittg and will be split up into
four smaller totaling gt’ttttps. litupic
and liathara Schoonmakcr. Assis-
tant Deatt for Student Affairs. will
traitr the group two hours a week.

One grorrp will concentrate on
tltc president‘s office by hosting
receptions and dinners for
distinguished guests. Another
group is assigned to Alumni House
and will assist itt establishing a good
altrtrttri foundation. the other two
groups will help with the Htudrttt
Affairs oll‘icc and tire .Mltttissiotts

tttctttlicts. .tll

trllit‘t‘.

According to charter
Kathy (iollor'l). thc ’-l|L‘lli'l|lt'l|ill_L‘
of the alumni \llltlt’ll' tclnt' Jill)

tttt-trtltct

r». the orator arm or . t.t,. and
(told. Spccilit'ally. lIL' lllL‘lltltL‘l‘
\vill ptogtztttt lot :IIttntttr to speak on
career rlitetltott lot sttttlcnts. .\«.tt\c
alumni ptoynle it good resource ol
ittlottnation and tunds lot students.
(iolloplv ttttlicalctl that the Purple
and (iold or” be able to link the
alumni and students and instill a

 

 

Prerequisite for '
Canadian Majors.

Molson Golden.'i'hat’s Canadian

2. r s. . . . . . .
‘ -~ . . s - L c...» .... ~,... tr.  ._.‘l._...2.-..:;rv>; ‘1‘ ‘>.l."g ,,.. .‘ld V)"t..> .31!“ V)‘ \ “'32
‘trudtmilidl ..».ut.sr . vi. Al‘s .V'v‘ll’ga H...“ .w n‘“'l'h‘te‘hflr’ﬂt‘afeiliir-ivmfiﬁiﬂ'bﬁtﬂeil’Iu carrot-tritiu-mt‘biMmtlvifmvirtihti‘u-M3 L\-r-'7"°N"ii'i‘l-V“

u r at taste.

  
  

 

..-r v.

“I...” “Arms AV."
uﬁ‘mzliofy a van:

 

 

“altntt tnatct" irt ttllllltlll.

.c -~ .—‘..-~—~ —.~-..-.....—...'

 

 

