   
 

.tr auxin . ..

    

World capsule

N.Y. kicked the habit .
New York

(AP) Kicking the habit was the exercise of the day and cold
turkey topped the menu as l.2 million New Yorkers joined
other Americans for Thursday‘s Great American
Smokeout.

“The response to the Great American Smokeout has
been tremendous. and we are doing all we can to help
smokers across New York state kick the habit for good
now.“ said Dr. C. William Aungst. a volunteer with the
American Cancer Society.

The society estimates that 6.42 million Americans smoke.
and if New York matches the national estimates. 1 in 5. or
l.2 million New Yorkers would attempt to go smokeless
T h u r s d a y .

However. a Thursday telephone survey of ill
households across the state found the ratio of those attemp-
ting to quit was even higher. 0f the l07 smokers in those
households. 78 people. or 72 percent of those polled. were
joining the smokcout. according to Peg Camp of the
Syracuse-based upstate chapter of the American Cancer
Society.

Last year. and estimated 945,400 New Yorkers tried to.
stop.and 293.400 made it for the day. the Society said. .

Poll criticizes Reagan

New York
(AP) A majority of Americans think the outcome of the
mid-term elections was a signal for President Reagan to
change his economic policies. according to an Associated
Press NBC News poll.

in the poll. 56 percent said the election results indicate
that people are generally displeased with Reaganomics. in a
followup question. 54 percent said said the outcome of the
elections means the president should change his economic
policies.

The poll said about half of the people who voted earlier
this month cast their ballots for congressional candidates
according to how they felt about Reagan‘s economic
policies.

Fourty-three percent of the people who voted for a

Castner's catastrophe

Professor Ted Castner of the Department of Physics
and Astronomy at the University of Rochester will be
speaking today on “Approaching the Insulator-Metal
Transition and Polarization Catastrophe: A Zero Degree
Phase Transition" at 3 pm in PHY l29. Castner's lecture
is part of a continuing colloquium series sponsored by the
Department of Physics.

 

zit: 2m :1)! '
= Zixl — 2x2 + R!)
a Ext — 232x + Ix]

=2x'-z@—")(2x)
ﬁts—ﬂ It. ’

 

 

 

Toronto turnovers

Dr. Ian Morrison from the University of Toronto
will be speaking on "The Group of Sections on a Rational
Elliptic Surface" today as part of the Department of
Mathematics and Statistics colloquium series. The talk is
scheduled for 4 pm. in ES I40.

 

If you’ve got the look

SUNYA women students are invited to participate in
Glamour Magazine‘s 1983 Top Ten College Women
Competition. Young women from colleges throughout
the country will compete in the search for outstanding
students. A panel of Glamour editors will select the win-
ners on the basis of achievement in academics and ex.
tracurricular activities. Winners will receive a $1.000 cash
prize. ,
interested women should contttct Jessica A. Casey.
Assi5tant Director of Student Activities in CC no or ill
457-Sll5 for more information. Entry deadline is
December 1.

Burning the the midnight oil

The nights get longer at the University library beginning
today. The library will be opened at the following times;
Monday through Thursday. it a.m.-ll p.m.; Friday. 8
t0 p.m.; Saturday. 9 a.m.-8 p.m.; and Sunday. noon-ll
Exam hours will beconte effective December ls:
December l5. l6. 8a.m.-l a.m. December l7. tithin-
midnight; December is. 9 a.m.-l0 p.m.; December 19.
noon-l a.m.; December 20-22. 8 tt.tn.-l tt.m.

Different strokes

The Northeastern Association of the Blind will be
holding an open house at their 30l Washington Avenue
facility. Volunteers are needed to help get NABA
ready for the event which will take place Sillldtly.
Dec. l at 5 pm.

So. if you have a free hour to grab a paintbrush in the
next few weekends. join with other volunteers and stuff irt
improving the NABA. For more information. contact
Linda Rolf or Ann Glasser at NABA. 463-l2ll.

Ttme out

Classes will be suspended at 5:30 pm. next Tuesday.
November 24. not 2 pm. as stated in the Student Voice.

 

 

 

Republican congressional candidate said they did so
because they support Reagan's ccottomic program. while 45
percent of those who votcd for a Democratic candidate said
they did so because they oppose Reaganomics.

in the poll. respondents were about evenly divided over
which party is better able to handle the nation's economic
problems. but split 46 percent to 27 percent in saying the
Democrats are better able to handle the nation's unemploy-
ment problems.

Nearly 6 out of 10 people polled said that Reagan's
economic program has either helped the country or not
made any difference. while 8 out of to said Reaganomics
has either helped or made no difference to them personally

Football fans polled

New York

(AP) Professional football fans are divided over whether
the strike-shortened National Football League season
should be cancelled rather titan resumed this weekend. ac-
cording to an Associated Press-NBC News poll.

in the poll. 72] people who said they follow professional
football yere interviewed by telephone Monday and Tucs-
day in a nationwide scientific random sampling—472 of
them before and 25l after the tentativc agreement was an-
nounced in New York shortly after 6 p.m. Tuesday.

Among all 723 fans. 56 percent said the NH. should
cancel the rest of this season‘s games. That includes 64 per-
cent of those questioned before the settlement was an-
trounced.

in announcing the settlement. the NFL said games wottld
rcsunte as scheduled this Sunday and the Super Bowl will
still be played on Jan. 30.

Cuomo looks for star team

New York

(AP) Mario Cuomo's transition team said Thursday it
was looking for "stars" to fill the top posts in his govern-
ment when he takes ofﬁce itt January.

Stephen Berger. finance chairman of the Metropolitan
Transportation Authority and head of the governor-elect‘s
talent search committee. said he expected that there will be
“substantial change" among these now holding top spots
in the Carey administration.

But. he stressed. those now in office will get “a fair
shake."

He made his comments after the first nteeting of Lt. Gov.
Cuomo's li-mcmber Transition Advisory Committee at
the World Trade Center.

Berger is head of the group's talent search committee
which will review thottsands of resumes to be forwarded by
task forces set up to seek out people lrt various fields.

Cuomo's son. Andrew. director of the Transition Com-

 

trtittcc. said “no appointments have been made" yet. not
ltas anyone been asked to be a commissioner.

“i look for stars." Berger said. “We want extraordinary
people who ltave administrative and program experience.
who have judgment and who can explain their agency to
their staffs and the public."

“We want team players." he added. “We want people
who can work with each other. with the legislators and with
thc counties." He said that. ideally. it would be good to
have Cuomo's cabinet and commissioners on board by
Dec. i. so they could developlthcir staffs. “but that's im-
possible."

Asked ltow many current commissioners or ttppointecs
might be replaced. he said. “i think there should be
substantial cltztnge...bccuttse pcople gcl tired and have to be
energized."

Tax cuts lack votes

ll’tlshirrglorr. D. C‘.
(AP)l Republican congressional leaders informed President
Reagan on Thursday lllitl ltc simply does not have the votes
to advance the last phase of his incomc tax cttt to January.
Senate Majority lettdcr llowtrrd ll. linker and llotrsc
Republican chtdcr Robert H. Michel delivered that
trtcssttgc—alottg witlt some other ttttplcttsarrt rtcws—itt their
first conference with the president sittcc tltc Nov. 2 election.

Reagan is considering asking Congress to push up the
date of the tax cut—the third installment of his 25 percent
income tax redtrctiott over three years—us a way to
stimulate the ccottortty.

Under that proposal. the S pcrcettt cttt in tax rtttcs dttc
Jan. I. 1984. and the second it) perccnt rcdttctiott in tire
amount of tax withheld frottt worker paychecks. due next
.luly l.lwould instead take effect Jan. 1 I983.

That change would increase tr lootnitrg record deficit.
already projected at upwards of $l70 billion. by about $15
billion. and the Republican lcadcrs said they feared it
would have the effect of increasing interest rates as well.

The leaders ttlso predicted it would be difficult to tnakc
further cuts irt non-defense spending. despite Reagan's
assertion in New Orleans on Tuesday titttt that is precisely
where he intended to cttt.

Baker said he believed Reagan would propose that the
lame-duck session of Congress pass it jobs program to
repair highways artd bridges financed by five—ccnt—rr-gallon
increase in gasoline taxes.

Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis has said that Pro-
posal would create about 320.000 jobs. Reagan prefers trot
to call it a jobs progrant. since he opposed the public-works
approach to the unemployment dilemma during the crun-
palgn.

 

Reagan to announce MX plan

Washington. 01'-
(AP) President Reagan will announce his long awaited
recommendation on a basing method for the MX missilc
Monday. just before a major televised speech on arms con-
trol. a White House official said Thursday.

The president is likely to call on Congress to adopt the
Air Force plan for closely spaced missile silos. a plan called
“dense pack" at the Pentagon. the official said.

The arms control speech will propose that tltc Soviet
Union improve its system of notifying the United States ol
planned missile tests. to multiple missile firings. according
to administration sources.

in tr nationally televised speech at 8 p.tn. EST frotrt the
Oval Office. tltc president will offer proposals designed to
avoid a recurrence of tire bittcr exchange that clouded the
beginning of strategic arms reduction talks in June.

Reagan. itr his speech. will suggcst ttdvtrrtcc notice oi
trtttltiple tests as ortc of ti number of "confidcrtcc-bttildirtg"
rttctrsurcs that could improve U.S.<Sovict lClillittlt\.lllL‘
sources sttid Thursday.

Another will call for improving the ‘hot line" between
Washington ttttd Moscow. sttid the sources. wlto ttskcd not
to be identified.

The decision could raise immediate controversy met
whctltcr “dense puck" would violate tr pt‘mls‘iott of the
1979 SALT ll trcttly against ttdditiottttl fixed itttercontittt-rr
lill missile launcher. 'l'he ttcttty was IlL‘\'L‘t’ ratified. but the
United Sttrtcs has promised to ttbide by it.

Walesa blackmailed?

New York
(AP) Polish church officials have been shown pictures and
have heard tttpc recordings of Lech Walesa itt “sexually
compromising situations." apparently itt art effort to
blackmttil the popular trniott lcttdcr. NBC rtcws rcportcd
Tltttrsday night.

The materials were shown to Rorrtttrt Catholic church of—
ficials at a Itl‘lViilL‘dllL‘cilllg with tltc Polish security agents
shortly before Walesa was released from dctctttion lttst
weekend. according to the report by John Cochran on
"NBC Nightly News."

NBC titmtcd Walesa as responding: “I run ttot supriscd
by these chttrgcs. I expected such attacks frotn my enemies
as long its is trtontlrs ago. Any such attacks are only it pltrs
for trtc. No ortc will believe them."

The pictures and tapes, along with documents the securi-
ty trgcttts clnlrn intplicatc Walesa in financial irregularities.
may be used to discredit the 39-year-old trnion leader if ltc
tries to become a pttbllc figure again. the report said.

     

 

 

Deb Profela
EDI [URI/1 I. AAA/S [24 NT

 

The university library will be increasing
its operating hours beginning today. follow-
ing a partial restoration of a federal cutback
making it possible to hire tnore work-study
students. according to Director of
Libraries. Joseph Nitccki.

The library’s new hours are: Monday
through Tltursday. 8 a.rrt.-ll p.m.; Friday.
it tr.m.-l0 p.m.; Saturday. 9 a.m.-8 p.m.;
and Sunday. noon-ll p.m. During finals
week. the hours will be extended at the
latest until i a.rn.

Nitccki said the library began the
semester with an additional-300 work-study
hour deficit than was originally anticipated.
With the added hours. the library is "now
close to (fulfilling) the 300 hours
shortage.“ he said.

in the last two weeks. 20-30 workvstudy
studt‘ttls have been ttssigltcd to the library."
Nitccki added.

He claimed. "the restored schedule is
very close to what we ltttd last year. with ott-
ly tr few hours difference. This is the best We
can do presently with student allocations."

ltt addition to the shortage of work-study
hours. the lilrrttry crtdurcs tltc effects of "ttn
indefirtitc (hiring) t‘rcc/c of to positions."
sttitl Nitccki. Vacancies may be filled.
"lint." he said. "lo fro/en positions must
be maintttittcd." Nitccki added that the
libl'ill‘y now has close to 25 vttctttrcics.

The main problcrrt still remains “a
very scvcrc shortage of stuff" irt work-study
and full-time positions. lrc sttitl.

Tltc dcficit is felt cttuttlly itt all depart—

ments of the library. strid Activc Head of

the Relercrtcc Deputttttcnt Bill Young.

NOVEMBER [9. I982 L] ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Library hours'extended with work-study hiring

 

 

lnsot: Director of libraries Joseph Nitccki; Student worklng behind checkout desk

 

 

 

tf'illt _It'tlt‘l'tlf.liilltllfl;Vl‘t’.\lul‘t‘1/. the library can 'an hfl'l‘ Ilium it'UI‘kV-‘iltlI/Il' slur/err“.

“l’coplc llit\c been putting in L‘\ltil cfl'ott.
tlclittltcly." ltc sttltl.

Although the reference deptrttrttcttt did
rccci\c “.tt lL‘ilsl otrc wtttk~stttdy stitdcttt."
said Young. "the reference desk will be ex-
tending seniccs by one ltottt tt week. on
Saturday." Young suit! his dcpttrrrtettt has
suffered tr cutbttck of live not k-sludy hours
of reference scrticc at week.

The reference depttttrrtcnt must also corn-
bill tltc ftth that “until very recently. we
have been tttttrblc to fill cct tuirt clcricul posi-
tions." srtid Young. Attotltct problem is
that tltc reference desk is staffed by profes-

siotrttl librarians. Young said. "it takes
longer to find replacements bccttsc we llltl\l
rcctttit nationally."

ltt spitc ttl' tltcsc lltltlt‘tl tontplicnliotr.
Ytrtttrg tccls lllill wtlh the tttldcd ltclp “L'cr
tuttt ptoiects which were sitippctl will bcgtrt
ililitlll trnd inctcttsc cfficicncy itll around."

As it result ol tltc .tssisttrttce. Young said.
“tltc reference service will be (prtn itlcd) un-
til 6 p.trt. otr Strtttrdtry us it was lttsl year."
Although. "us we stttrt pltttts tor ttcxt
sclttcstcr. we have to sec if we will provide
extra hours on I-ridtty." ltc said.

Nitccki strid ltc "hopes to continue

llltlttt)‘ hours irt tlrc \ptltlg. Mod likely. we
will have the stttrre httsic schedule usstttnittg
we won't get .itl) .ltlilllltlllill help.“ Nttccki
trddcd illttl he was “more llllltl .ttt\iotrs to
irtctcztw hours" it llt‘ could get more help.
Nitccki satid he would “\cr y much like to gt)
buck to lttst )t‘ilt's scllt‘tlulc."

I’rcscttlly. Nitccki tttttitttttittctl. the hours
the "itltttttsl L'\ilL'|l)‘ tltc same as what they
tlwtl to be." He also added “the lecture
rooms (centers) will be open until 2 tt.tn. for
study. He rtrttitttttittcd thttt. “All together.
students will lune almost its much tirrtc (to
.trrdy) its they did before." l

 

 

Feminist Joseph vows
to defend minority dignity

By David Michaelson
STA] I' It ItllEIt‘

 

 

Describing herself as a visionary.
with a strong political ideology to
take into cottsidcratiott “tlte needs
of tire peoplc." Gloria Joseph lcc-
ttrrcd to rt packed Campus Center
Assentbly Hall yesterday on coali-
tion building and the women's
movement.

Joseph. the author of numerous
works on classism. sexism. and
racism. is a professor of social
science at Hampshire College in
Amherst. Massachusetts.

From a “black. feminist perspec-
tive." Joseph said she is committed
to “confront. challenge. and com-
bat any and all instances of forces
that deny the oppressed their digni-
ty." She told tltc group of mostly
women that it is the pOWer and
patriarchy from the wltitc tnen in
this society that must be challenged.

Joseph. throughout tltc lectttrc.
carefully categorized and described
the roles and relationships among
“the victims of the peculiar
Amerie nization of racism. sexism
and cla.. .tn."

"Feminism." she said. “takes a
back seat to racism. White women
still have skirt privilege." She
described ltow black males con~
stitutc a highly disproportionate
share of the imprisoned and
unemployed. Consequently. site cx—
plaincd.blnck families are strttggling
for “basic survivttl."

“Both issues have to be
symmetrically addressed." one
wornntr later asserted dtttirtg the
question—answer period. She said
one should not make priorities in
the struggle against oppression.

“Racism is ntore detrdly titan sex-
ism irt this country." Joseph
replied. “if anyone disagrees they
have half a brain."

“1 have a half tr brain then."
another upset woman said. jokingly

. nw—uumﬁw, -._.... ....

offcrirtg to pool her hull with the
other woman.

“Whttt are we fighting for." it
third wontan shouted ottt.

Joseph sttid this is whtrt coalition
building was all about: discussing
the "links" and relationships bet-
ween scxlsnt and racism. Site then
suggested. “white wometr are not
listening to what (black women)
are saying."

"Black worrtcn have to go open
the eyes of wltitc women." Sltc
said. “they've (black woman) gone
through the most oppression. She
called black wontcrt “the last fron-
tier of untapped resources for
leadership."

Joseph criticized tltc National
Organization for Women (NOW).
contending that tlterc is racism in
the organization. "NOW believes
that after a few reforms and a few
better officials. everything will be
alright." site said. “They're becom-
ing part of the ‘old boy network."'

“The grassroots movement gives
rrtc ltopc and optimism for
change.“ Joseph said. She describ—
ed how worttert were meeting itt
towns tltrottgltottt the cottntry
workittg irt “meaningful. effective“
ways for change.

.loscpli described a “quadrangle
of struggles“ among the oppressed.
She said black women have to work
and cooperate witlt black men bill
should still fight sexism. Similarly.

 

ERICA SPIECIAI. UPS

Gloria Jose h
"Racism is more deadly . . . ‘

she said. black women should work
alongside white women bttt should
still light against racism. “Our
allies are strrtuttttncor sly ottr
enemies." she explained.

While Joseph believes that op-
presscd groups should maintain
“exclusion at times." she said "it's
commonality in the end."

Tlte objective being a "complete
restructuring ofsocicty that will end
tltc dominant role of the powerful
male."

“People should pttt ttsidc dif-
ferences and cooperate in it muss
struggle against a capitalist society.
based on greed and the oppression
of minorities."

The lectttrc was at ptrrt of tire
SUNYA President's Lectureship
Scrics. and Joseph was ittvitcd to
speak by the worttcn‘s studies pro-
gram. l l

--------------------------i

: Phone
I 489-5505

g
3:
'O
r“

 

.AAMCO

World's L‘argust Transmission Specialists
1025 Central/\ve.
Albany NY

'.', 10% OFF ALL MAJOR REPAIRS

10% DEF .

:HO. star...

5---

SASU VP Goda resigns.
criticizes organization

 

Mark Hammond
NEWS ennui".

 

 

Drsttppoirttcd itt SASU and complaining of administrative and at-
titudirrtrl problems within the orgartilatiort. Rttttdi Uoda. SASU Vice Presi-
dent for cttrttpus ut'ftrirs has announced ltcr tcsigntttiort. effective next

   

wcck.

(lodtt. an Ortcontrt jttrtior scrving as Vl’ for campus affairs since June
l9ti2. has presented a three-page list of grievances and suggestions to
SASU. llcr ptrpcr criticizes SASU for having an “elitist attitude."
alienating slttdcttls. "luck of profcssiotrttlism“ and “poor fiscal
prudence."

"A lot of structural and organizational changes must be made." Goda
said. “The orgtrni/tttion hits a lot of potential. lan it's hardly used to any
capacity.“

SASU Vice President Scott chlcr said there is no ltcir upparettt to
Ctoda's position. and that tltc lS-tttun Board of Directors will decide upon a
replacement later this rttottth. “I don‘t think anybody could take my
place." Coda said. "There's not a need."

As Vice President for campus affairs. (iodtt was one of three SASU ex-
ecutives. which included Wexlcr and President Jim Ticrncy. Coda said she
acted as a liaison between SUNY campuses and SASU. travelling and
working ottt problems.

Ctoda. who presently lives in Albany. said she will continue working this
Weekend while attending a SASU~sponsored community college conference
Friday through Sundaan Albany. chler strid ltcr forntal resignation will
be ttcceptcd next week.

(lodtt's SASU cttrcer began in l98l whctt she served as an Ottconta
dclcgtttc. “l wtts it good delegate." site said. "They wanted me to run for
(Vice President of campus affairs). httt admitted site was “trot up to par"
witlt \chlcr and Tierney. “I was not as experienced. I hadn't even been
around a year."

She also critici/ed SASU for attracting primarily Albany people and not
cultivating enough student involvement. especially women. Tire stuff. she
wrote. is “exploited and unhappy."

“Cultivating student lcttdcrship should be it primary function." she cort-
Icndcd. Hcr paper listed these complaints: “inadequate staff meetings and
coordination of effort. Not professional. too many scrcw~ttps. Elitist

8'

 

The Pledge Class of
Delta Sigma Pi

expresses its thanks to
The University Concert: Board
for their continued support.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i

s:
t
i
.‘i
i
Q

.. gym;

 

