   
 
 
 
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  
        
 
 
 
  
      
   
   
 

    

  
           
  
 

  
   

  
      
 
 

 

  
  
   

 

 

   
  

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

:: . ' ' V  L ' .5 V -
E D I T o 3 I A g i 
' l .q‘
. I l ‘
‘ ‘ I » °  v v' 
It’s fast eas an 0“ WOI'It rea It ere  v t.
'-V . 1" t I v” i ‘ " “ ,q ' t ‘ {S
t i t
; iv
l
I. . - , 4‘& >1“ ‘ ‘ V E I
' - . . 3w , _ ,5»! page ,thaa Ittrply unis. ‘
_  WMUM.ItaIIu.AndItI wg>a§71¢a§risw._sseww. lllolaba '
mmmummmw Omwunm 1 . » “'="°"""‘“i '3” “‘9'” '
mamas] a a  "z‘ltgzlem'f' "WW" ‘
_  Van-on. munhepuadeuvoetss IV ,, - , ; V ., 
mmmmmanMommumuumm B ,y m thi- , ﬁltered»!!! in m Hm my 4
Whats» . ' I“. on marquee,“ {pct-n. Md 1'. lure V
. ' lyim'firo  st. Iqatc'e‘uapmitai' gm 1mm 1a 3
out. 3mm,” _ pagin- I j ' “Satin-ht! o; on “gust-man A.
In ’rtqoui as. «nature. . g, ._ . , » .
A. - 7s— ' "(dost tit“ we is)“: will amigyottr Ilad or the .
.n 1. I of piople’ea, you! “at! abeus'yeur gain In the growth
“max. ’ in In MM.;' V9 nu not an" earl-1n- to an
e in titt- by manta. the m Ida ea J.
Ballot-tin Servin- Qntern I “m”. . _ , I
 an sands-a «insistent-1 we n’n about on conviction
or mun: 3mm 1 do new you me n. '
Mmmrmmmmmoanuotdean umaummcmo.  .  . A 3 , stnqmsy
‘ w": “W Dean I '
u$$.mwnm“" mun-.11- emu
.. “luv-9'
C O L U M N t

 

 

 

j The inevitable tool

1 hate when people tell me what to do. i see my Con-
gressman twice a year; he stands by the subway entrance.
shaking hands and giving out literature about all the money
he's brought to my community for the elderly and for crime
protection programs. He tells me to remember his name in
the next election. While everyone is running for their train
at 8:15, i as" him what crime prevention programs he is
working on. This summer he told me he had a plan to send
all of our convicted criminals to a converted Air Force base
in upstate New York. After i heard this i ran for my train
and wondered how this would make the streets of Brooklyn
safer.

 

Steven Greenbaum

Over 600,000 people became unemployed this month.
The Democrats say they were victims of Reagonomics. The
Republicans claim that the Democrats caused it. They're
both wrong. Unemployment results from a combined ef-‘
ion. The American steel industry created an efficient
method to produce steel; at least the Japanese and Koreans
thought so. The Asians used the process while their
American counterparts thought it would be too costly.
Considering this and that Steelworkers are overpayed, is it
any wonder why American Steelworkers are losing their
jobs? Politics might have helped Chrysler but is it going to
help GM. Ford, US. Steel. and Bethlehem Steel? Steel
companies aren't too happy about going out of business.

 

 

 

and the most to gain from programs they institute. The Na-
tional Riﬂe Association benefits one group- gun manufac-
tI era. It would be naive to think that amateur sportsmen
.:nd other private individuals could raise the money
necessary to support such an organization. it‘s like thinking
that smokers and drinkers contribute to those lobbies.

in a move to balance the budget, Reagan wanted to
dismantle the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
The makers of fine spirits, longstanding enemies of govern-
ment regulation. vehemently opposed the move! Why?
Because if the United States got out of the regulations
business. state and local authorities would make up their
own laws. Each community would have its own drinking
codes. The sheer number of local regulations would ‘put
large brewers out of business.

Price supports for farmers and more jobs for govern-
ment employees are the root of politics. i don't know if one

of the two is more entitled to. our tax dollars. i suppose if ll

had a vested interest it would be easier to decide where my
public charity should go, or if the public was obligated to
support either group.

Unfortunately, politics is inevitable; it controls our
government. There are certain things only a government
can do. Some people built bomb shelters during WWII, but
who has the room to keep a Minuteman lCBM in their
backyard? You get the money by taking it- from the people,
of course. A politician takes the most tax from those who
give the least opposition. if you're the U.S.‘governmcnt
you took $579.6 billion, 20 percent of what everyone earri-
ed, in 1980. With so much money at stake it's hard to find
political morality in politics, although it's easy to mistake a
political group's appeal to our morality to gain our support
for their self-interested programs.

Labeling yourself as a Liberal or Conservative allows
other people to tell you what to do without thinking or car-
ing what their motivations are. When you disagree with a
political group they are apt to give you a name: Liberals will
call you a Conservative and Conservatives will call you a
Liberal. it would be more appropriate to call such a person
an individual. The importance of the individual cannot be
underestimated. for sheep cannot build societies, only in-
dividuals can.

. "nun"!
‘tmu, I "
unnat‘

, em... ,.

instead of making their products more competitive they
make foreign products less competitive through govern-
ment tariffs. This results in steel companies at home and
abroad decreasing their revenues, while consumers get
more expensive cars and Congress gets money to build a
new gym-politics.

Politics is the tool used by one group to subject its desires
on everyone else. it’s the Japanese government taxing its
people to give Americans cheap steel. It's the American
government giving our money to dairy farmers to buy but-
ter that is never used to boost the price of the butter that is
used.

Of the political factions in the United States the two with
the most followers are the Liberals and the Conservatives.
The Liberals are associated with city people, government
workers, and minorities. The Conservatives include
Businessmen. farmers, and rural inhabitants. The two
groups are interested in a universal concern: themselves.

The Liberals are cletlited with what might be called
Health. Education, and Welfare progrm‘ns. They advocate
these programs heennw they have something to gain from

i\
K‘
is

 

    

t

‘ﬁ‘tmimlizws—(MAL-s‘v'rsvﬁ r;.. ,..;.

them. Recipients ot public charity support programs which . . ,  x 5
give them mime). .u..l LilltL‘llilllL‘lli employees and teachers / ) ‘ . ‘
support programs that increase govurntnent cedueation and (( n CPS 0 a . . ‘

F?“

“FOOLSiTtiEY M NOT “MRSTAND! THEY ARE NilSLstMkNlPllLA BY MR WES!"

Conservatives have ,tlictnost to lose, from .I besepmsruins. , ' .. . . A

other government llIZW programs. Liberals are also
credited with consumer and environmental protection pro-
grams.

 

 

 

 

 

 

