 

 

1—
——‘-————i

 

2a , Intro-Mela

Editor’s Aspect,

i spent my first production night alone doing Aspects this week. It
was a strange experience; on the one hand it was rather nice to
have all the typesetting and photography equipment available to
me at my leisure. but it seemed eerily out of place to have these of-
fices void of all the people who put this paper together. The sun
was beginning to rise as i finally left. and as l slowly hobbled over to
the bus 1 realized I felt lonely. l remindedmyself of the poet Rilke.
who advocated solitude to those seeking an artists existence. Yes.
there are times when 1 do feel that being alone is the only way I can
create anything with some semblance of seriousness. But this mor-
ning. as l caught a glimpse of a side of myself l seldom recognize. l
was overcome with a sadness that l could not just push away as
fleeting moodiness. My loneliness would not be simply cured by
sharing my thoughts and desires with another human being.
Rather. it was a sense of alienation to and from myself, a frustration
stemming from the fact that l was a very small person and there
was virtually next to nothing i could do that would change or effect
the world in any intensly positive way. Our work on this week’s
centerfold was a rude awakening to the frightening and pro-
gressively dangerous situation this world is now in. Could it really
be possible that there Is not enough room for all men and women
on this vast planet? Could it be that in the midst of all nature. feel-
ings of wrath. abhorence. and the need to murder exist in people
like you and me? We are these people. Yet we can not change the
way we are living. The same full force of living is apparent in our
relatives all over the galaxy as it is in our own lives. But still it
goes. . . We are in school now. we are students preoccupied with
our own ontology. and there are no actual heirarchies that tell us
who is right or what is wrong. We study what our horizons present
to us. and if we have the desire, we try to express our own hearts
through whatever feeble means we can. And l guess this is mine.
No. this will never change the world; but acknowledging this has.
in some little and obscure way. changed me. Perhaps if we can see
into ourselves a little more we can reach out. shake each other and
see what we are doing to each other. and inevitably. all of us.

Debbie Millman

   

Inside. . .

3a: Perspectives:
Mr.H.’K.D.elevates our natural
center into the unconscious,

me~ ~ ~too enemies

Jackie moves into‘the sublime

43‘533 Centerfold:
Two Sides- One Issue:
Crisis In The Middle

63‘733 Sound and Vision:
Damian and Miles gab
about Gabe,

Business is booming with
Men At Work, and

_ Santana is superb

 

8a: Diversions:

 

Zhe Pudz is back again to

       
     
      
       
        
   
     
        
 
     
    
    
    
     
   
   
   
    
      
       
      
     
     
    
    
 
 
 

  
   

 
 

r fl / e
' y / entrance and entertain;
O
/ and, of course, Spectrum. . .

 

Cover AP Photograph: Lebanese man
overlooking open grave at Shatilla

Word On A 

“Then some other red fires began dancing
before his eyes and it seemed to him that

the soldiers put stones on him. The fires

 
 

 

danced less and less but the stones they put

on him pressed more and more heavily.

He made an effort to push off the stones,
stretched himself, and saw and heard and felt
nothing more. He had been killed on the spot
by'a bomb splinter in the middle of his chest.”

Leo Tolstoy (Sevastopol)

 

“I love the smell of napalm in the morning

it smells like v victory.”

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
   

-Robert Duvall in Apocalypse Now

 

 

 

 

    
  
     

he wind strikes the legs and
dresses of passing women. The
faces of these women encompass

the gambit. no matter how limited the gam-
bit might be.

 

Huberthenneth Dickey

Summer. with the aid and assistance of
certain lndian groups. glows forth into our
lives and this story.

Long after the heat of passion. the "heat
\of the moment" takes hold of your loins.
Instant Karma splashes in virgin white on
that big T.V. screen in the sky.

Towels help remove the sticky sweet re-
mains of love's ultimate call. Nervous
mothers and unknown fathers waltz into
panic upon official notice of birth.

Afterbirh. the time (not the substance) a
child comes into view. What to do with the
bundle alter the joy has gone riding?

Mair is born undivided. He is neither a
body nor a mind. He is born undivided. as
one individual. He is both body and mind.
Even to say that he is both is wrong. He is
body-mind. Body and mind are two
aspects of his being. not two divisions —
two polarities of something which we may
call life. energy or anything — X-Y-Z ——
but body and mind are not two things.
The very process of civilization. educa—
tion. culture. conditioning. starts with the
division. everyone is taught that he is twu.
not one. and then. of course. one begins to
be identified with the mind and not the
body. The very thinking process becomes
your center and the thinking process is just
a periphery. ft is not the center. because
you can exist without thinking: thinking is
not a necessity to exist. Thinking is lust on
the periphery; your being is somewhere
else — deeper than thinking. One is taught
continuously that you are two. body and
mind and that. really. you are the mind
and you possess the body. The mind
becomes the master and the body becomes
the slave. and you go on struggling against

 

here were five of us in the field
that morning. crouching among
the furrows of carrots. The

weeding was tedious My groping hands
caked in mud sent a flash of pain up
through my arm each time i mistook a car-
rot for its nearby weed. Once out of the
soil. the carrot's death was inescapable. l
pulled my knees up urtder me and crawled
forward two steps. The moving was dif-

 

 

Jackie Marchand

ficult. for my legs no longer felt like my
own. They had been somehow shortened
and thickened by the rubber pants 1 was be—
ing forced to wear over my jeans. The extra
protection was to stop the ain from finding
my skin. but the ripped seam down the left
leg was counterproductive. I felt the rain
lightly. but insistently falling on my back.
and it made my coat stick to me like an un-
wanted layer of skin. l felt another trickle of
water down my neck. as it fell from the
pool that had collected on my collar. 1
crawled forward another two steps. dragg-
ing my boots behind me.

l tried releasing my body from my mind.
i tried listening to the rain. but instead
heard the whispering of those around me.
The mumbling was low. steady. but incom-
prehensible. I looked up and their eyes
lowered. their lips tightened. it had been
like that all morning. as the breakfast tale.
in the truck. during the walk to the field.
They were angry with me. What had 1

 

   

 

 

the body. This creates a rift. a gap. and that
gap Is the problem. All neurosis is born out
of that gap; all anxiety is born out of that
gap.

Living in the mind is as if someone is liv-
ing in a mirror. In the night. if you go to a
lake and the lake is silent and there are no
ripples the lake becomes a mirror. You can
look at the moon is the lake. by that moon
is false — just a reflection. The reflection
comes from the real. but the. relectton is not
real. The mind is a reflecting phenomenon.
and we are living in the mind.

Man is not centered in himself. He is
born centered. but the society. the family.
the education. the culture. they push him
off center. and they put him off-center in a
cunning way. knowingly or unknowingly.
So everyone becomes. in a sense “eccen»
tric" - off the center. There are reasons.
survival reasons for it.

When a child is born. he has to be forced
into a certain discipline. He cannot be
allowed freedom. If he is allowed total
freedom. he will remain with the center —~

Song Of Myself

done? They would not allow me the
pleasure of knowing the reason. so they
punished me with their cold silence. The
rain was their sort of sardonic gift. /\ll of it.
the rain. the mud, the ripped seam down
the left leg of those horrible rubber pants; it
was all to anger me. and it was succeeding.

l felt it seething within me. grumbling
down inside of me. getting heavter and
heavier in my stomach. They were passing
me a gift of guilt and l was accepting it.
allowing it to take hold of me. I was losing.
letting my body and mind melt with the
rain. l accidentally pulled tip a carrot and
let it fall to the mud at my knees. The flash
of pain up my arm was only a slight addi-
tion to my state of wretchedness.

i let my palms rest on the ground. en-
circling a second carrot i had nearly killed.
How had they come to control me? There
were five of us in the field. yet it was l along
who felt the rain. who let it wet me from the
inside out. Their silence was a spoken
command. Be miserable; you are your
own punishment. I could not let them do it
to me. l would not let them do it to me.

I pulled my knees up close to my chest
and thrust back my shoulders. raising my
face to the rain. I pushed out my chin.
separated by lips. and closed my eyes. i let
song ﬂow up from my stomach. through
my lungs and out over my gums. The notes
rang forth strong. the words vibrating on
my tongue. 1 sang through their stares of
disbelief; l sang in revolt. l sang for myself.
for my strength. and l sang for the furrows
of carrots. The rain halted. [:1

 

spontaneous. living with himself. living
himself. He will be original as he is. He will
be authentic. He will remain with himself
— centered. rooted. grounded in his own
being.

The child has to be disciplined. What are
you doing when you are disciplining a
child? You are forcing something winch is
not natural to him You are asking atid
demanding something which he will never
do spontaneously You will punish him.
you will appreciate. you will bribe him. you
will do eyerything to make him soctal —— to
take him away from his natural being. You
will create a new center in his mind which
was never there. and this center will grow
and the natural center will go into oblivion.
into the unconscious.

Your natural center has moved into the
unconscious. into the dark. and your unv
natual center has becoirre your conscious.
There is really no division between ltii-
conscious and conscious: the division is
created. You are one consciousness; this
division comes because your own center

   
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
   

 

Perspective 30

' A

8

s P

E

.C

Th h h r
T, e rhythm is around me has been forced to some dark comer. Even _ 9
Tire r, yf' m as control you are not In contact with it. you are not )
T’ie rhiythrm inside me allowed to be in contact with it. You have ‘ C
re r yt m as my soul become unconscious that you have a T
Peter Gabriel center — you live what the society. the r 1

culture. the family have taught you to live.

You live a false life. For this false life a
false center is needed. That center is your
ego. your conscious mind. That is why. no
matter whay you do. you will never be
blissful — because only the real center can
happen. only the real center can explode.
come to the climax. the optimum. the
possibility of bliss. The false center is a
shadow game. You can play with it. you
i can hope with it. but ultimately. noting but
: frustration comes out of it. With a false anx-
_ iety. that is bound to be so.

lira way. everything is forcing you not to
be yourself. and this cannot be changed
iust by saying that this is wrong. because
society has its own needs. A child. when
, born. is just like an animal -~ spontaneous.
centered. grounded. but so independent
He cannot become part of an organization.
1 He is disturbing. He has to be
.forced.cultivated. and changed. In this
cultivation he has to be pushed off-center.

We live on the periphery and we live on-
ly to the extent that the society allows us.
Our freedom is false because the rules of
the game. of the social game. are so deeply
fixed that you may feel you are choosing
this and that. but you are not choosing.
The choice comes from your cultivated
mind. and this goes on in a mechanical
way

Education is a necessity in order to sur-
vrve. but we make this necessity to survive

NQQ~

 

 

an excuse for submitting. We force
everyone to be obedient. What does it
irrean'.J Obedient to who? Always someone
else — the father. the mother. someone
else is there. and you have to be obedient
to him. Why so much insistence for obe-
dience? Because your father was forced to
be obedient when he was a child; your
mother was forced to be obedient when
she was a clilld. They were forced off their
centers; now they are doing the same; they
are doing the same with their children. and
these children will do the same again. This
is how the vicious circle moves on. Same
as it ever was. . . .same as it ever was. . . .
same as it ever was. f.)

Reﬂections ’

In my own twentieth century

Where there are more dead than graves

to put them in, my miserable

forever unshared love

among these Goya images

is nervous, faint, absurd

as after the screaming of ‘ets

the trumpet of Jericho

Natalya Gorbanyevskaya

 

 

 

Photograph by Will Yunnan

 

 

  
    
 
       
  

  

  

