 

row

- v.-_.,.mu.n¢mmunaw¢~-

mill it'll ::

l
"i it, I.

' m. ‘ll‘m‘: ‘ mill '
‘M . I l | m.

i
m

i “It!!!”  Illllllililiillﬂ“|lll|lllllllllmlllmmmmmmi

r m
, m

mmmmm ' w,  mm
1 mill l l mmm 

E mmmmmm *

mmmmmmmmIi' 

mm. .. 

 

noon n- <0: nausea)

_\_
'"a—ké
.—\_

 

   
    

 

mmmmmmmmmmmt '

‘lll l‘l “ml” ' ' mlmm‘v‘,‘ '
mmm mmmm m mmmmmmmm . v

 

:- .ntrooplctlve

Editor’s Aspect Inside. .; v T

T here are times in life when i want to talk, when i want to , . ‘ .
communicate, and then i speak and the utterance is totally 4a‘5d° PersPecuves.
meaningless and foolish. i keep talking because I want to
verify what I just said, explaln myself and make sense. The more 1 Mn H'K'J)‘ at his best and carter
talk the worse it gets, probably because i never should have open- presents a perspective on beauty
' ed my mouth in the first place. Then i feel even more absurd
because i know everyone around me perceives my discomfort with The Voices of Albany ring loud
myself and my agony at being seen. Then i feel even more v
miserable because i really don't think it is bad being seen, but it’s and Clear
unsettling to be vulnerable and place yourself as open target.
0 0
At times like that I still look for some certainty, some undefinable 63/73. centerfOld°
energy to surround me and comfort me In the incredible abyss that Guess who is going to dinner?

already is. lsearch for answers In everything: books, art, music. or
any type of escape i can lay my hands on. [sometimes think i have Boomer dines out in elegance
found an answer, and for a moment i feel secure and comfortable

and happy, then something new comes up to haunt me and this and tasm

ephemeral mood is shattered and displaced. The same books, etc.
somehow lose their “special” meanings and refuse to mold , ‘
themselves into the brand-new “realizations” l have spun myself in- 8a. 1 0a: SOM‘l'ldé9 Vmon:

to. Then i wish to understand how to keep silent. how to forget (or

remember), how to listen, how to disappear, how to remain and B.O.'B. explores Gabriel’s mind

understand, spontaneously. Somehow in this emotional mess l . . l l. . t . w
have come to the conclusion (today) that if you can let yourself In an extra'specla ’ we In erwe ’
really, truly be seen to at least someone, and have them still care Damian gets caught in a Roche,trap’
about you and help you to feel comfortable about what they “see ,

it can be the most beautiful experience. it is so goddamn rare to Metin Fripp’s out, and Schneider

find it, hold on to it, it is worth everything. (To be perfectly frank,
I'm amazed friends are still around...thank-you)

double doses with Petty and Fagen

in any case, we worked hard to do the best we could with

 

Aspects this week— I feel very proud about some of the stupendous  Endgame:
writing; whatever you do don’t miss Hubert’s article- it is truly ’
phenomenat WCDB's Top Twenty, Zhe Pudz

 

come to some painful realizations,

and of course, Spectrum...

Cover Photograph by Deb

/«’ '/-'
u . .
as  Word OnA ng l
A»; “'1 He may live without books - What is
'i \N?" knowledge but grieving?
. , NJ- He may live with hope - what is
l? . ,, 3:3 hope but deceiving?
‘ , ' He may live without love - what is
r' "‘ passion
I but pining?
But where is the man that can live
without dining
Owen Meredith, Lucile, l

I would gladly pay you Tuesday for a

hamburger today.
Wimpy

Joe gets seduced by a girl who works
at the Jack-ln-The-Box, named
Lucille, who gives him an unpro-

nouncable disease. . .
Central Scrutinizer
Joe’s Garage act I
.Zappa

 

 

