i

N~ and

NWON

r31? I .1. v
 uuy‘

. Dancih

 

I “miliw'cqvw.MIJ-v r.’ ‘.-.'i".".".-. I'l .r... to a i . ~ . . . . a . a ~.

’ Shoes

 

 

11‘1'vrrrz . . . ..

“Us. ..Iri...,..HT_‘

i.r

 

to muff it once in a while. No

great tumbles from the high bar.
mind you, or embarrassingly missed cues.
but maybe a little problem with counting or
that almost imperceptible twitch to right a
loss of balance. it humanlzes the perfor-
mance. and allows us to become more tn«
volved with the people on stage.

Andrew Carroll

involvement was what Saturday night's
performance by the American Ballet
Theatre ii at the PAC was all about. Tire
troupe of l7 dancers. while carefully
chosen to reflect the quality and style of its
parent company. is still bridging the gap
betiveeii ballet school and the professional
stage. and in the slight imprecision of
moves it often showed. Not that the four
dances were choreographed slapstick:
rather the srriall company (nine women.

I think people like their performers

 

 

eight men) and the affinity between the
students on stage and those iii the au~
dierice created the same sort of relationship

  

that traditionally exists between a com-
munity and the college football or basket
ball team. A
The relationship was obvious frotn the
first piece. “Vivaldi Variations." an all-too-
prectous showcase done in pastel costumes
to a muffled Vivaldi score. No dancer in
ABT ii is older than 2|. and the audience
was tolerant towards the troupe's tentative
first steps. The tolerance grew from good
humor (especially during Andrew
Needhammer's overly cute though well-
received "Allegro 8: Andante" with three of
the women) to rapture. a state of mind

While His

othtng less than spectacular could

describe the David Tanenbaum

concert friday night at the Recital
Hall in the Performing Arts building. Those
who appreciate the popular guitarists of to-
day. such as Steve Howe and Steve
Hackett (just to name two). would have
lcved this show.

 

Joseph Valentino

Tanenbaum has taken first prize in the
1977 Carmel Classic Guitar Festival and
also in the international Guitar '78 Com-
petition in Toronto. He has also received
standing ovations in the USSR: ironically
enough. the emotional responsivity of the
Albany concertgoers. proved otherwise fri-
day night.

Tanenbaum has frequently been called.
“one of the most expressive guitarists
around today." He is soon to appear iii a
PBS special with Andre Segovia. Tanen~
baum is. indeed a premium player. and
favorite of composers to feature their new
pieces. and )udging by his performance. it
not difficult to understand why.

The evening started out with five
preludes which were evidently written for
the guitar on the guitar: most obviously.
the melodies were easier to attain on a
guitar's tuning and mechanics. The next

 

 

 

 

dart. iitrt. and variously vie for the illicit‘
tions of dancer John Turjoman. The solos
and duets showcased four of the finest
dancers in the troupe. while provrdrrig a
quickie education in dance styles of the
Romantic era.

The modern work “Sequels”, it”).
choreography by Lynne Taylor (:ttllicn
and set to a self-consciously titwrriartr
Robert Muczynskl score. allowed lllt' i'lillli'
ensemble to let go. Duets grew llitiit mini
and in turn gave birth to larger grotrpnur.
until the stage was filled with ltrttq than V.)
quirky. acrobatic movement "(lrvllt’lt’ i'.r.
Rayrnonda" was the final work, .i  i. . v at;
of dances drawn from the fllll‘lt‘ttttili i
ffayntonda by classtcal lllliuli’t'itllt i m.- :r.
stylist Marius i’etipa. The i-oirrtlt, tau r a .v
achieved early iii the dance ithu ti 
greeted the newly liurig l llitiiili'lti't .i-w‘ v . i.
costumes with applause) was ‘alillt’l
by Dawn Cuccairio, who perform.
sultry. elegant ttirri to the ‘vllit :
Hungarian folk music Along with
'l‘urjoman. she appeared the trio-.t . -
and poised of the troupe. rising r‘l‘ It
to freeze iti mid-air. otily to rupm' "
movement on her other foot l'rti.~
tall and powerful with dark good
commanded the static with broad

 

 

which would prevail for the rest of the
evening. ABT ll Director Richard
Englurid's choreographed mixed tradi-
tional movements with unconventional
groups. but the piece. while entertaining.
could have used a darker. sharper edge to
its sugar-coated posture.

“Pas des Deesses" was more deserving

 
 
 

of praise. With traditional choreography
by Robert .Joffrey. the dance takes its cue
front the "delicate rivalry" the program says
existed among three prlma ballerinas of the

nlneteetitli century. Breaking away from a

pose replicating a Romaritlc lithograph by
the artist Bouvier. the ladle5--Teresa de
Rose. Dane Smith. and Dawn Caccamo--

Guitar Gently Weeps

and spins,

Yet even TLIUUIituii was seen to i -r
compensate coming out of a spin or it.
perform a movement a moment belirrirl 1hr
beat. But who expects perfection of r iil‘mrp
(or college age) athletes? Their L‘lllllllsiri‘iitt
and verve was infectious. confirming  hi.- '
ABT ll remains one of the most consistent

 

   

ly appealing second companies in ballet

ting chords tell of the most tragic end to tho
most pathetic love story. One is completely .

 

 
 
 
 
 

swept away in the pulsing. neurotic tunes .3
of emotion and is all too reminded of thi-

 

  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
    

despair felt at the end of the play: "(J ltap
py dagger! This is thy sheath: there rust iiiltl
let me die."

One could not help but notice tln' t
similiarlties between Tanenbaum and 5M -'
Howe: especially when the latter plays liiﬁ
acoustic pieces such as “The Clap" ttlltl
“Mood For A Day". Both have ivnilwl
with Andre Segovia. The similiarttius lli'l
ween Tanenbaum and Howe \ti'it'

 

  
   
  
 
  
  
  

  

 

  
 
   
     
   
  

piece. however. Bach's “Suite For Lute"
was written on a keyboard with the lute in
mind. consequently. some very difficult
quick chord progressions showcased
Tanenbaum's seemingly effortless dexteri-
ty. A fugue was included in the Suite writ-
ten by Bach. and although not quite as in-
tricate as a fugue written for keyboard. it
was nonetheless astonishing. and played to
perfection.

Directly following the
intermission.(which was preceeded by
three curtain calls. there being eight all
night. the sixth of which resulted iii an en-

   
  
  
  
   
   
    

  
   
   
 

 

   

core) followed what what was the most
beautiful melodies of the evening. Written
by Mozart, (who is. perhaps. the most pro-
ficient author of beautiful melodies the
world has been priviledged to hear) Or-
pheati strains once again charmed back
sweet Eurydice; alas. it was only to be lost
again to that fiend. Time, who steals all Joy
for his own pleasure.

As if in answer to the mood left by the
Mozart void. “Romeo and Juliet". a corr-
temporary piece by Hans Werner Herize.
retells the story of that lost love: its
somewhat scattered. yet absolutely haun-

  

   
  
  

stroirgest iri contemporary the tune “l :w
Bagatelles". One of these. with some ext-i
else of the imagination sounded strikrrrntli‘
similiar to the beginning of the Clrihhlt ‘r’iu
tune "Round-About". There was iilsw .i ‘
faint glimmer of "Blood On The Roult'tt‘r‘
by Genesis guitarist Sieve liar lain
throughout these pieces. The most supin
ing similiarity (coincidence?) came in the
piece of the evening titled “Leyetirlri”. iiiit
ten by lsaac Albeniz. lt whs WUlitlt’ilitllY
reminiscent of the introduction to “Sparitdi
Caravan" by the Doors. A very [tlt'ttsalit
surprise.

All in all. ’l'arienbaum put on a Him)
amazing performance. those who missed it
missed some of the most stimulating trtirw
to reach Albany lit quite a while Stirrit‘i“
Espressivo indeed! ‘

 

  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  

 

 

 

 

he of the biggest gripes that you'll
O hear from some students who at-

tend thls fine institution is that
"there's nothtn' to do in this goddamn
place!" They whine on and on about ltow
Albany is two steps above a town like
Hooterville or sortie other rural backwater.
This past weekend. University Concert
Board (UCB) set out to dispel the first
fallacy. with FallFest; while a group of Lark
Street merchants tore dowtr the second
myth with Larkfest ll.

Robert Schneider
Larkfesi It is the gai“;;r‘“t.tst"y‘a7§
Larkfest. a little bash that attracted 15.000
people to the Greenwich Village of Albany.
it served primarily as a stage for the local
bands that have Lark street as their
nuclear. This year. ilit' lark Street Mer-
t‘llrlili Group wanted to show people that
there's more to Lark "tree! than music.
Some of the residents around Lark Street
can only be described as well ..eccentric
it was quite a treat for peopletvatcliers to
see most of the eccentrics In one place at
one time. Some highlights included a baby
dressed up as Santa Claus. a woman sitting
on a stoop playing ati arcordiati. a couple
of transvestites. arid Lord~kririws what else.
I even think I saw Jim Morrison. although
he looked more like the lltppo-king than
the Lizard‘king i'm not too sure it was
liltti. as | only got a brief glimpse of the slob
as be ratntrred me with his huge stomach.
on his way to a Porto-Sari. While most
people were polite and friendly. there were
some who displayed a surliriess reserved
for Big Apple dwellers. Their attitudes cati
be understood in light of the fact that the

And Everyw

 

sidewalks were absolutely packed. Mean~

‘ , . ‘ e: . . 4
'plioto pe specliue by Leslie Fratkin

    

 

LJL‘IAA-Illjla-A

while bikers and big trucks motored down
the )ammed street. it was more than a bit
annoying to have to squeeze onto the
sidewalk when the whole street should
have been closed off. although it eventually
was. Had it not been cloudy arid cool on
Saturday. there could have been some
unpleasant incidents.

The sidewalk kiosks had a wide variety
of wares. with food and antiques being
trrost prominent. Some of the displays
were down-right surrealistic, like a giant
Mr. Peanut. Some were useless. like the
guy selling nuts and bolts. it’s hard to pic-
ture someone ruririlrig out to Larkfest to
stock up on hardware. but with Lark Street
people. nothing is surprising.

Although music was downplayed at
Larkfest if. it still commanded a great deal
of attention. There were twu stages. at dif-
ferent ends of the street. Most of the promi-
nent local bands played, with the exception
of Biotto, Although all displayed a great
deal of enthusiasm. the sound quality was
debateable. The speakers were only a few
feet distant frotn the opposite side of the
hlict'l. and this caused a great deal of
reverbeintloris Probably the best Sutlltd
came not from rock, country. or jazz:
rather it came front the Albany Symphony
brass section that was playing on a corner
midway between the two stages. Sunday.
at i‘alllest. was the tlayvttr hear and ap-
preciate music.

UCii must have spent a fortune paying
for the weather on Sunday- it was absolute
ly perfect for an outdoor concert.
Beautiful. sunny skies. and cool

erewas'A

p otopErspecttu y

 

teaser 0': me do

it“ Dialrgil.

Song ’4 -'

 

  

 

temperatures that enabled you to enjoy the
music without dehydrating. were only twu
of the things that Fallfesi had going for it.
There was a relaxed. congenial at—
rriosphere. while the audience was close

 

enough to put their feet up on the stage.
The whole thing served as a sort of contrast
to Mayfest. with people sitting miles frorti
the stage. while trying to drink themselves
into another dimension. The two bands.
Fear Of Strangers and Blottn. both put on
enthusiastic. well-rounded shows.
'l'echnically.the sound quality was que54
tionable. but the bands. themselves. were
marvelous. Fear Of Strangers came out
first. to an enthusiastic reception. They
covered many of their best known songs.
such as “Guerilla War". which they
reproduced with amazing Clarity. This past
weekend marked the first time iii a month
that they've played in Albany. and it was
obvious that they were corrifortable perfor‘
ming here, The highlight was a one two
punch of "Volts" arid "Sappy hill The
Guy". “Volts” is a song many have heard.
but never attributed to l‘t‘rit Of Strangers
The latter tune is the group's contribution
to Hudson Rock. the album that features ti
compilation of songs fiotri sortie of the
areas best known bands Watch for Fear Of
Strangers locally. as they are very enter»

taining to see irr person.

 

 

hen lcouldti't find anyone to
go with me to see lliL‘ N.li.B.Q.
conceit itr S.U.N.\’ A '5 Carripus

Center Ballroom last Saturday night. i
thought it was due to one of two reasons.
liither (l) l have no friends or (2) no one
knows who N.R.l3.Q. is. i decided that it
must be the lattter since I'm not that bad a

SEX;    ,....,., . __...._
Evan Schwartz

pic i finally coaxed itrto attendirittdtind the
remainder of the two-dollar admission-
payei's iii the well-filled ballroom) ex-
perienced a very enjoyable evening.

aird Blues Quartet arid that's exactly what
they play: 1950's derived R&B which is ex-
tremely danciblc. Rock arid Roll standards
such as “Yaker Yak" and "Do the Twist"
set tnttsi of the crowd into fervid motion
early in the set.

As compared to these tunes. their
originals tend to be more pop

 

 filtfdliig'fi'oi'n audience reaction. the peo- ‘4

N.R.l5.Q. stands for the New Rhythm -

N.R.B. Who?

 

 

 

“Riding in My Car." their most palatable
pop song. and "it Was an Accident." with
the catchy lyrics “i took irer to the drive-on
for a little toy/Now she may be havin' a lit-
tle baby boy." make you wonder wiry this
band. which first formed in l‘)('i‘). but until
l977 didn't release an album. isn‘t more
commercially prominent.

 

What N.R.B.Q. might be lacking in iii—
divldual talent and collective tightness. they
compensate for by just being alot of fun.
Throughout the show. the Quartet and
their two “Whole Wheat" hornists were ac-
tually having just as good a time as the au-
dience. Their arr-stage antics included,
utilizing a toilet plunger as a trombone

 

Blotto picked up where Fear Of Strangers

 

left off. it seems that they are best when
they play their own brand of lrasctble. sar-
castic music. Tire reception given to the
first two songs made this obvious. "Two
Much Fun" was a song that could have
been done by anyone. it received polite
applause. When they launched into "Big
Boyfriend." we all knew this was Blotto.
and waves of applause tooled toward the
stage. They delighted the crowd with
their old standbys. highlighted by their
now-famous "We Are the Nowtones." The
intro to that one was hilarious. with a quick
little ditty called “Colonte and Albany."
done to the tune of “Ebony and ivory".
Yes. that instrumental you heard later was
the theme frotn the Monsters. Ali in all.
Blotto did ati excellent Job. and even sur-
prised sortie with their version of Grand
Finik's “American Band."

The only thing more brilliant that Lai'kfest
if or |-'alll:cst Was puttilig them back to
back Before the Arctic enters Albany. it's
nice to have an enjoyable outdoor
weekend The project siroukl be repeated
often. How about next weekend. i l

mute and keyboardist Perry Adams stating
how "great it is to be back in Rochester."
Prior to their first string of encores. instead
of exiting offstage in the usual fashion. the
band lrutig out. drank beer. and smoked
rcigarettes for nearly ten tninutes. totally
oblivious to the fact that they were perfor-
mlng.

A seque of Bill Haley's “Shake. Rattle.
and Roll" and their own “Me and the
Boys” (which was a recent hit for both
Dave Edmunds and Bonnie Rait)
highlighted the latter portion of their slightly
lengthy two and a half hour set.

in a brief post concert conversation with
bassrst and vocalist Joe Spanpinato. he
stated that N.R.B.Q. is presently working
.on a new studio album scheduled for
i release this comiirg January. irr addition,
(the notorious wrestling manager Captain
Louis Albano (who-.thelr new single is
about) has been chosen to manage the
band. When asked why. Spanpinato ex-
plained. "He did alright for about 32 tag
teams. Why not us?" El

 

 

    

Z

_~iOO

Ni—

Maui'—

 

 

 

