   

. . "a... .4 ;.....;._—.,.......~'." .. ..._...._. ..... ....._.f n- g v

l
‘ i

 

 

Wood «asides

Man killed In Warsaw riot

Warsaw. Poland
(AP) Worker anger about the butt on Solidarity was
reported spreading to Poland‘s coal and steel heartland
Thursday and the riots claimed their first victim. a 20-year:
old man shot by police.

The official PAP news agency said Bodgan Wlosik died
Thursday in a hospital after being shot Wednesday during
fierce street fighting in the Krakow steel-making suburb of
Nowa Nuta.

it was the first ofﬁcially acknowledged death in the riots
pawned by the outlawing of Solidarity ltist week.

Unconfirmed reports attributed to a Polish ltam radio

'perator said two others died in Gdansk Tuesday evening.
ind a government journalist claimed a worker depressed by
the upheavals killed himself by diving into a vat of molten
\lL‘cl. .
The Communist Party newspaper warned that new riots
.rnd strikes corild extend martial law. and the official infor-
mation service lnterpress said leaﬂets tirging street protests
and a boycott of pro-government unions set up in place of
Solidarity have appeared in factories in Katowice
province.

Cuomo predicts morality

Albany, N. 1’.
(AP) Lt. Gov. Mario Cuomo predicted Thursday that his
gubernatorial opponent. Republican Lewis Lchrman
would soon begin a campaign that “concentrates on Moral
Majority issues."

Democrat Cuomo tirade the statement as he arrived at a
noon-time fund-raiser which drew hundreds of state
workers and party faithful arid nray have raised as tnticii as
8200.000 for the Cuonto campaign.

While Cuomo was busy raising money tipstatc. Lelirrrran
was trying to snare votes on Long Island with promises of a
tough line on the controversial and under-construction
Shoreham nuclear power plant.

in Albany, the lieutenant governor said he expected the
shift in the Lehrman campaign tactics because of criticism
of the millionaire busirtessman's tax-cut proposals. lie
cited. in particular. the objections raised Wednesday by an
influential Republican state senator.

“it would be illusory and misleading if 1 were to tell you
that we can realize vast tax ctrts and at the same time main~
tain essential services." state Sen. John Marchi. R-Statcn
island. told a New York City television interviewer.

Reagan cautions voters

ll ’us/iirrglmi, I). C.
(AP) President Reagan. insisting he is forging a lasting
economic recovery. cautioned \‘Oters not to be tempted by
those advocating a return to "big spending atitl big
taxing."

in a speech broadcast over Dcmocrats' protest 20 days
before the election. Reagar. said the country's problems
were years in the making and were the fault of big spenders
and people playing politics with the economy.

Democrats. howexer. pointed out that unemployment
has soared to its highest level in four decades during
Reagan's presidency and said his recoyery program must be
changed.

"1 was disappointed that the president failed to prop0sc
a single new measure to create jobs and put America back
to work." said House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill.
[)»Mass.

“if he thinks we should stay the course. he should ask
those millions of American families who ha\c already
reached the end of the line." O‘Neill said in a statement.
“if he thinks Reaganonrics is working. he should ask the
fellow who isn't.

Unemployment claims soar

Il"u.rlir'rigtoli, D. C.
(AP) Despite President Reagan‘s claim that the nation is
“recovery-bound." another 695.000 Americans filed first—
tinre claims for unemployment in tire week ending Oct. 2.
the Labor Department reported Thursday. I
it was the second highest ﬁling since the current recession
set in during the late summer of 1981. failing only 8.000
claims short of the record 703.(X)0 initial pleas for govern-
ment relief that were ﬁled in the week crtding Sept. ill.

Tire 695,000 claims. placed with employment offices in
the various states. were 12.000 higher than the previous
week's revised ﬁgure of 683.000. the department's Employ-
ment and Training Administration said.

The agency also reported that in the week ending Sept.
25. there were 4.461.000 people claiming regular unemploy-
ment beneﬁts under the basic 26-week payment period.

64,000 more than in; pmvipm week.and.the highestslace .

the peak of the 1976 recession.

 

 

    

Galbraith speaks out

Noted author and lecturer John Kenneth Galbraith will
speak at Union College's Memorial Chapel on Monday.
Oct. 18. at 8 pm. Galbraith's lecttirc is: "Money. the
Arms Race. and the Saving Tension." The talk. spon-
sored by Freedom Fortrm. is open to the public. Tickets
are $4. $2 for students. arid may be purchased through
Christine Cioffi at 87 Rapplc Drive (456-7541). or at the
door.

Searching America

if you think you've got what it takes. enter the All-
American Collegiate Talent Search (ACTS). All cort-
testauts are eligible for a tour of Europe or the Orient for
the US. Department of Defense. Auditions by theatre.
music and ballet companies will be awarded. Winners will
also receive cash prizes and scholarships for their schools
wortlt over 516.000.

I'Zntrics are being accepted now until Feb. 11. 198]. For
complete details contact Barbara Hubbard at (505)
646-4413 or the stirderrt activities. music or drama depart-
riierrt.

Closet chemist contained

Chicago
(AP) i’olice searched for a second time the home of a
“closet chemist" in connection with seven cyanide killings
as federal agents looked in Texas for a man accused of try-
ing to extort Si million front the makers ot' Extra-Strength
Tylenol.

Roger Arnold. 48. an employee of Jewel Food Stores.
had been held without bond from Monday to Wednesday
night while city detectives pursued what they said was cir—
cumsttintial evidcrtcc that led them to consider him a possi—
ble \ttspcct iii the poisonings. homicide Sgt. Monroe
Vollick said.

" There are a lot of circumstances surrounding it that
can't be owrlooked." Veilick said.

"lie has not been discounted as a suspect . . . he is not a
strong suspect." said horriicidc Detective Robert Brown.

Reagan delivers promise

it 'ri.vliirr.i:ron, I ). t ‘.
tAi’J President Reagan. ritakitig good on his promise for a
bold attack on drug trrtflicking. is ready to unveil a major
new plan that will involve hiring tip to 1.000 ruorc federal
agents and investigators. sources say.

Tire Justice Dcpartrrterrt said Reagan will announce the
plan iii an address today in the department's Great Hall.

“The president's theme is ‘whatever it takes.’ in man-
power or money.‘ said a government source. who asked
not to be identified by name. He said the cost of the pro-
gram rriigltt be around $200 tnilliorr.

The plan calls for establishing task forces in up to a
dozen major cities with each task force responsible for
fighting drug trafficking in a given regiort. the source said.

And the administration will propose beefing tip the Fill.
the Drttg Enforcement Administration and ridding federal
prosecutors. the source said. Congress would have to ap-
prove any increased funding for the agencies.

El Salvador counters rebels

San Salvador, El Salvador

(AP) The government sent 5,000 troops backed by artillery,

fighter-bombers and helicopter gunships into northern El

Salvador Thursday to counterattack the strongest guerrilla
resistance in six months.

Stiff guerrilla resistance was reported and a nullonttl

 

guard commander in nethern Chnlatenango province.

  
   

Founder faces fans ‘

Founder and editor of Poetry Ntlrlllu't's‘l, Carolyn
Kizcr. will give a public reading of her poems Monday.
Oct. 18. at 7:30 pm in the Campus L'cntcr Assembly Hall.
Kizer will be visiting classes and advising student writers
during her stay at Albany.

Get linear fitted

Professor Samprit Chatterjee. of NYU. will give a
statistics colloquium on “Fitting Linear Regression
Models to Censored Data by Least Squares." it will take
place Friday. oct. is. at 3:30 pm in the Earth Science
Bldg. Room 140. Coffee will be served at 3 pin in Roorrr
152.

Meet the University

The llth annual Community University day will take
place Sat. afternoon. Oct. 16. Oil the University’s uptown
campus from noon to 5 pm. The schedule of events in-
cltides performances. tours. presentations. displays and
learning activities; many related to careers and career
planning. A complete schedule will be available that day
on campus. Parking and C-U Day events are free.

Be freed from Albany

Are you interested in studying in Spain? The Office of
international Programs will hold a meeting for interested
students on Monday. Oct. 18. at 2:30 prti in ULB 36. Pro-
fessor Luciano Garcia Loren/.0. Director of the SUNYA
program in Madrid. will speak at this meeting. For more
information. contact Deborah Hovey at 457-8678.

Global gathering for Goethe

22 scholars frorn around the world will arrive at
SUNYA Oct. 14-16 for an unusual symposium on the
Gcrrrran poet and dratriatist Joltartn Wolfgang Goethe.

The symposium. conducted entirely in German was
rtrade possible by grants and travel stipends from the
Foreign Foundations in collaboration with the College of
Humanities and Fine Arts.

 

where the massive counterofl'ensive was concentrated.
reported government casualties were heavy.

lie said at least 10 soldiers were wounded Thursday mor-
ning at El Jicare. “The situation is pretty critical." he said.
"They‘ve brought in a lot of wounded." .

The commander. who did not want to be identified. a lid
reinforcements continued to arrive because of unexpectedly
strong resistance at Las Vucltas. a town of 5.000 pcoplt‘ 50
miles north of the capital that about 700 rcbcls overrun
Sunday night.

The leftist rebels are trying to topple the U.S.-backcd
rightist government of El Salvador.

Woman denied position

lili/tl/ltliit‘t'. llrr
(AP) A woman who said she was denied a top post .rt the
Governor's Council on lndittn Affairs because she is \\lll|L‘
has been awarded Sl24.5()() for lost uttgcs. mental llllilllhll.
humiliation and stigma.

.ltlll 'l‘irveson said in a lawsuit that she was tired in
August i‘)7ti. because the council had a “distinct ptclctt‘lit’c
and determination" that the executite director's position.
which she was trying to get. should be ﬁlled by a habit
American.

The non-profit council represents nearly 10,000 l~|orrda
indians. A council lawyer. Algia Cooper. said after the
federal court jury verdict Friday that there was rto
discrimination against Ms. Tuvesoir.

Giorgiannl gets in shape

lllriirrr't'e River 'I‘owrrsliip. 
(AP) Convicted sex offender .loseph "Jo Jo" Giorgiannl.
who claimed life behind bars would be fatal becausv llt‘
weigltcd more than 500 pounds. now walks 600 feet a day
and gets a special diet at it state prison.

(iiorgitmni is "just another prisoner“ til Lecsburg State
Prison. said Jutucs Stubilc. a Department of Corrections
spokesman.

liefore he went to prison. Giorgiauni. J]. said he could
wrtlk only a few steps without becoming exhausted because
of his weight and asthma.

“For someone who was reported to be in such bad shape.
he appears to be doing pretty well with it program of diet
ritul exercise." Stribile said Wednesday.

Prison doctors have placed (iiorgiunni on t1

 

2.5lxl-Cllltnlcell-dlly diet twice a day. Stubiie said.

By Steve Gosset
snirr WRITER

“it's all for them. not for me.“ said SA
President Mike Corso.

“We don't live in a bubble. The world is
still going and inflation is still going." said
SA Vice-President Ann Marie LaPorta.

This semester has been a time when they
and the rest of SA have been telling
students that SA needs money. it is still an
open question if the students are going to
give it to them.

On next week‘s SA fall election ballot is a
referendum to raise the student tax $l3 a
year to make it a $90 annual fee. Currently.
the tax is the second lowest in the SUNY
system next to Oswego. according to Corso.
and that. he said. "can't help but hurt.".

"As the year goes on, it will become
more severe. By the end ofthe year it will be
devastating." he said. regarding present
finances. The tax hike. if ptissed. would
take effect next semester. The tax funds
riiost student activities on campus as well as
all athletic progrtirns which makes tip the
bulk of the 550.000 SA budget.

Spiraiiitg inflation. lower irttcrest rates
and unexpected cost have ptrt the SA irt it:
precarious financial straits leaders said.

inflation went irp. “while revenues
stayed the some and expenditures
increased." ('orso explained. interest rates
have a bearing on SA siticc part of the
birdch is based on interest income froui SA
accounts. SA comptroller David
Schncyrnaii estimated that recent rate drops
could pirt SA $0.000 short.

lint the biggest financial setback for SA
is something it had no control over. the in-
stalliorr ol' WATS litres at the University
for long-distance calls.

Previously. SUNYA irad a tic-litre that
was of minimal cost to groups like SA. bttt
more expensive for the university as a
whole. "Groups used to have free use of the
tie-line bttt no longer." Lai’orta said. Now
they will be charged 23 cents a minute.
which Corso estimated will come to
“NO-$5.000". approximately seven percent
of the budget.

Corso also blamed last year’s SA ad-
ministration. hetided by Dave Pologe. for

 

~l ,_.c

..-..~......-.._. . 

preparing an unsuitable budget.

"The budget was written and proposed
unrealistically. Lines in the SA budget were
short of actual expenditures." Corso said.
citing inadequate allocations for supplies.
postage and advertising. which he said was
left out of the budget altogether.

“For one. we are mandated to advertise
certain things as well as you need to
publicize certain things." Corso said. He
estimated that advertising casts will total
close to Sl.000. Schneyman. who has to deal
with all of SA's ﬁscal woes. said the Pologe
administration was "not the best money
managers." To make up for the gap. Corso
has cut back on SA operations “left and
right." in some areas as much as 30 percent.

Corso said that SUNYA's SA is also at a
disadvantage in comparison to other SA's
in the state since it does not require part-
tinie students to pay any tax.

“i believe part-time students should be
paying a pro-rata fee." he said. Any change
in that noiicv would have to eortte frotn a
referendum. Corso said he is investigating
the matter.

llr/  ..

biannual lair shows the community the
Israel than politics. it's a fun thing."

Lithographs and craftswork by Jewish artists were

  

lsraell Awareness Day flavored the Campus Center
court yard Tuesday with a cultural view of Israel. Co-
chalrman of the Students for lsrael Committee said the

OCTOBER 15. 1982 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

SA supports‘treferendum to raise the tax fee

SA leaders believe that what money there
is this year is being well-spent. When ques-
tioned about spending $5000 on an event
like Fall Fest when the cash flow is tenuous
Schneyman replied. "You can't think of
everything in terms of money. You have to
be a little human with it. We're not here to
make a profit off the students."

The necessity of The Student Voice. a bi-
weekly newsletter published by SA. was
also questioned. Objections have been rais-
ed to student funding of a potential form
for SA leaders to voice their views.

Corso disagreed. calling it primarily an
"information magazine" that was “an
outlet for SA constituent groups." He also
said it was necessary for SA to sometimes
“cover its own spread."

if the tax hike is not passed. SA leaders
see an average IO percent cut in funding for

' all groups. Virtually the only progrant that
would not be affected is Camp Dippikill.
which ltris received a separate appropriation
since Wilt).

“i couldn't see any groups being singled
oitt for more or less.“ Schneyman said.

 

 
  

l “there's more to

Student Coalition.

   

However. larger functions like Mayfest
:ould especially feel the crimp. The money
to pay for Mayfest would be doled out
towards the end of the spring semester, but
there may not be as much as originally plan-
ned remaining.

“You can’t say Mayfest won’t happen
because it has been budgeted for. But it is
going to hurt how large the function is go-
ing to be.” LaPorta said.

LaPorta thinks that the chances of the
referendum passing hinge on how many
students vote. which is why she guards
against sounding optimistic. “Voter tur—
nout in the fail elections is very low. That’s
going to hui't us." she said.

To facilitate passage. the SA Central
Council passed in September a bill that
allows a majority of those voting to pass a
referendum. instead of a minimum of 20
percent of the registered voters affirming in
the majority. The rule was passed in reac-
tion to the failure last year of a nuclear
arms freeze referendum to pass as only l9.6
percent of those eligible actually voted.
That referendum will also be on the ballot

next week. i i

i

 

 

  

l CHUCK BERNSTEIN UPS

sold as well as books on Jewish culture. Free balloons.
beer. soda were provided, and many people flocked to a
table where lelalel was being sold. to get a taste of tradi-
tional israell food. The fair was sponsored by the Jewish

—- liene Welnsteln

 

Complaints extend health insurance deadline

 

 

 

 

 

 

DAVID HAUSEN urs
Insurance representative Doug Bauer
Slur/ants confused about lictrI/lr policy.

 

Ily Mrirk llarnmotid
lell'h‘ I IJIIUIt'

Students cornpiairtirtg to be "triislcd" by
the format ofthe Student iiill have compell-
ed the llealtlt Service to extend the deadline
to obtain health insurance to October 22.

About 25 students have come to the
Health Center with medical claims only to
find they were not covered. according to
Doug lirttrcr. SUNYA licaltlt insurance
representative.

The problem stciits to it line on the Stu-
dcrit llill which reads "University fee/Stir-
dcrtt Health Services fee." linttcr' explained
that students believed that by paying the
mandatory $l2.50 University I'ee assigned to
that liric they were obtaining a year-long
health insurance policy also.

The “Student Health Services Fcc" was a
$3.00 chtiigc discontinued several years
ago. said Kathleen Wtikcrnan. Associate

Director of Stirderit Accounts. The fee
lielpctl stlpptlli tltc Health Center.

\Vrikcmttn explained that the Office of
Billing Accounts and Maintenance has been
itsitig old Student liill forms which makes
no mention of the health insurance policy.
btit claimed that students were asked iftlicy
wished to sign up for health insurance when
their Strrdctrt llill was handed in.

Until Will, students corrld purchase health
insurance by so indicating on the Sttrdcrit
iiill. first year. that policy was changed by
the Office of liilling Accounts and
Maintenance because it was deemed an “iti-
cfl'icicnt" program. stlltl Wakcman. Now.
students must deal directly with liritiei' on a
voluntary basis if tltcy wiin to be covered.

“i could see where this would be conl'trsA
ing." Wukcman admitted. She said the ()t3
ficc of ilillitrg Accounts will make a new
Strident Hill which will stress that health iri-

_ - _ _ _

 

Wgaa

last
. iaﬁaarlgr'km

  

 

    
    
 

 
   
 

it till-\lltllllu\|tl.l

  
   

   

 

Visit lNlURV'S

uttering in

v

 

Schools of Medicine
and Veterlnary Medicine

Now accepting applications for study loading to
degree in both Medicine and Veterinary Medicine.
Courses taught in English. Programs underguidance
of American Dean utilizing American curriculum.
Transfer students accepted. Semester begins
March t983. We are an accredited school and listed
in WHO. and affiliated with US hospitals for

clinical rotation. Direct inquiries to:

Floss Unlverall
Portsmouth. Dominica, W.t. Attention: MI. BuI/ar
or Caribbean Admissions. Inc.

038 University

16 West 32 Street. New York. NY. 10001

lll’till 5

l0/22/82

HEGUMR

SUN DAY SP
WITH

 

 

   

.‘r’r'i" talil»>|w.11l

.... ‘I':Ill" ‘.r.'.' i

‘l‘aco Pronto

l

I

: Mexican Salad
I

l

l

PRICE V e
l .24

OPEN oerv—io AMI 1:00 PMs-4306946»
THRU wruoow—ruooon DINING-AM9LEPARK
l246 wrsrsnu Ave. new tAcnoss mom sum

surrtnce must be voluntarin obtained
through liatrcr.

While llaucr claims "that we tried to
advertise" the new system. a current enroii~
ruerit of only 15 percent of SUNYA's H.000
students seems to indicate the advertising
campaign was not too successful. He said
that a notice was included in SUNYA's
"suritmer packet" sent horiie to alert
students of the new policy.

The $95 plan will cover any student up
trittil September 4. I983. and is effective
whether the student is al'iictctl by accident
or illness on or off campus. (‘overrrgc corr-
tinues over summer vacation. but liaiicr
stressed that. if possible. a student with a
claim should report to the Health (‘enter
first before seeking outside help. informa-
tion concerning insurance is available at
4594850. ’

curorttea

EClAL--2 Tacos for :51
THIS COUPON

1,).

Alt.
_ — '

rlitt‘.4'

  

.mw -...\. ., ... .. ,.

 

 

