0N IIOO O-iOll'lO)

N30)-

1..

EL
I

 

 

    

i 3:11;»; :vaiz‘ “ ‘  ‘I '. " "

 5'7". , .4,
intro-peed“
 ,  Ct
"And the expenditure of energy seems to you so great only because you ouerualue uic-
low. It is not the victory that is the “great thing" you think you have done. although you
0'9 "9’" In your feeling: the great thing is that there was already something there which

you could put In the place of that delusion,_ something true and real."
Rainer Maria Rilke to Franz Xaver Kappus. August 12. 1904

Dear Debbie. ‘

So now it's time to come down to earth a bit. i guess we’ve been
getting a little spacey lately. with all the esoteric stuff we've been
printing. Yes. yes. it's really so difficult to write this column. there
are always comments and opinions people offer about what ls be-
ing said and how it is written. it is hard (rather— impossible) to write
something that is more or less objective and universally ap-
preciated. Some people think you are being witty when you are
trying to be serious, some think you’re being egotistical when
yotgre really baring your soul. in any case. it’s never meant to of-
en . ~

it seems that this situation presents itself in many different ways—
you try really hard to do something right. and somebody.
somewhere misinterprets it and judges you by It immediately. it
could be someone you know very well. it could be a stranger.
nevertheless. it's painful. What do you do? it hurts like hell to be
put down. either to your face or behind your back. Seeking some

simple. loyal community around you. it shatters you when those
you thought you could trust don’t live up to what you expected.
But then you get into the whole realm of expectations and disap-
pointment. is it right to expect anything from anyone? The less you
expect the less chance of getting disappointed. (i can just hear peo-
ple saying how trite) in any case perhaps that is the way to react to
people; just let things be. don't project, let them be whatever they

 

 

 

want to be without letting them affect you.

i CAN'T. People affect me. [can't help it. I want to help it, but I
can't. So what to do? Keep taking risks. keep the door to
vulnerability open a crack. What does friendship mean without
vulnerability anyway? Everything seems so sterile otherwise.

Enough about that. i guess we spaced out again. These really
arent meant to be over-dramatizations. Honest.

Debbie Millman

PS. i guess we must write to ourselves to remind us that when we
say things others read. they are meant for ourself also. Right?
Yeah, i guess.

 

 9' lo 9

 

 

3a: Perspectives:
Mr. H.K.D. on his broomstick

and Scott goes trick or treating.

43—553: Centerfold:

Come see the magic, the
mystery and the mysticism

through our crystal ball

6a—7a: Soundéé9 Vision:

Mr. Marks finds the Boss
retreating to the country

Boomer translates at the

' Chateau and Rob takes a

dip with Hall & Oates

8a: Endgame:

WCDB’s Top Twenty, Zhe Pudz
have magical vision, and of course...

Spectrum.

Credits:

Cover: Salvator Rosa
2a: Ulrich Molitor

3a:

Alfred Eisenstaedt

6a: Liliane DeCock

 

 

 

's rest—"ﬁnale
a. a“ "5.3%,— - \
ea? 4" s
c, \

 


- - 11/4/1

W

 

Word On A Wing

If the doors of perception were cleansed,

everything would appear to man as it is, infinite

— William Blake

We are of such stuff as dreams are made of

— William Shakespeare

Honi soit que mal y pense

(Evil to he who thinks evil)

—— King Edward 1 ;

Magick is the art and science of causing

change in conformity with will

As above, so below

i
i
l
—- Aleister Crowley 

i
i
r i

—— Hermes Trismegistus

 

Where you tryin' to run or don't you even
know. You're still gonna be you every
place you go. You can change your name
and address. That's what a lot of people
say but the cards that they deal with you
are the one you to play.

Gil Scott-Heron

e often take life for granted; and

l'm not sure that is such a bad

thing. Life is a gift of sorts. A gift
that we are allowed to use as we see fit. All
other things being equal. life can indeed
form the basis for the beautiful to enter the
realm which we inhabit. Well-wishers
abound for this ideal. yet when one at-
tempts some new thought or idea. one
could arrive at a very different understan-
ding.

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

Lip service aside. the world that we in-

habit Is not one where Change Is either
wanted or welcomed. When the chips are
down. the forces of reaction have little to
worry themselves about. There are no true
revolutionaries in our midst. The social
climate of our time and our land resembles
more that of Howe Caverns than one of
enilgliiment.
Much to the dismay of armchair radicals.
the world does not and should not pay any
attention to anyone. Institutions respond
best to other institutions. This small. but. at
the same time important fact is lost to most
of us.

Change. if such a thing does exist. can
occur most readily in the human mind.
Human societies reflect the same needs as
the "environment" which surround them.
Nature. that which we spend so much time
rhapsodlzlng about. gives little evidence of
"change". Balance is all that nature is con-
cerned with. As long as that sense of
equilibrium is maintained. the workings of
nature are constant. Any moment that we
humans would like to attribute to "change"
is more accurately described as re
establishment of balance. Outside of these
things. little has come about in the way of
"change".

Some. l'm sure will argue that the car.
the atom bomb. and an endless variety of
other extensions represent change in a
way. that we the human species has never
before seen. i maintain that mankind has
always had the ability to move from one
location to another. We certainly have
always been able to be self-destructive
(nothing new about that).

 

 

ver wonder where people get

those zany Halloween costumes?

' i did. but it was keeping me up
nights. so i had to cut it out. Still, Hallo—

 

ween is on us again and. like you. i don't
know what to be. Deciding what to be on
l‘alioween is more important than you
lhlﬂv: it's one of the only days that you can
be yourself. You reveal more of your per-
SODBIlW'Ra costume party than you do in
real life- (Huiians are weird, aren't they?)
50 Perhaps lﬁacad of wearing a mask you
ShOUld “$355 up' as something. The basic

problem is what tbQ‘iirgss uptaLm‘W
Scott Gerschwer

 

Well. l've been asking Tubby]?
eavesdropping in on conve'rsziiinns. and
thinking hard about it and evidently. time
are more than many ways to skin this on

A large number of people "dress up" in
the sex motif. Fall fashions last year incluti

 

tampons. Nice life. i remember my first
beer too. freshmen.
Most of you guys can‘t even drink legally
this year. can you?

i figure i'il see a few Tyienols this year.
This might have been good last year if you
were a sick guy. imagine the rap:

_______.__._.__._

 Craft?"

ed some sperm. some condoms, and a iew'

5‘ .. . ~
From where do we movr forward then
(some will ask)? For every gain there is a
1055. Nothing is given without something
being taken. Alas and alack. there is not a
pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. it's all
a pack of lies. The party that Is in power Is
the party of “give to me and make sure
nobody else has any." The American
Dream can now be seen as the nightmare it
truer is. Yes. Virginia you may be allowed
a certain measure of wealth. but it's only
paper wealth. Just stop and think about It
for a minute. if you had money. fame and
power. would you feel any deep seeded
need to help the “little guy". Self-serving
acts to meet the needs of self-serving peo-
ple ls much closer to the truth.

l'm also sure that the ego's of most if not
all who read this will not allow them to see
clearly. if by chance. you can work through
your blinders then perhaps you'll have a
better chance to grow out of the illusions
most cling to. A lie is always better than the
truth. particularly when money. fame and
power are involved. The battle lines are
drawn rather clearly. The rich on one side
and the poor on the other side. it’s just the
way your friend at Chase Manhattan
ordered it.

“But not me man...l'm going in boat the
system. You see. lcan think for myself. l'm
not going to allow them to get to me." it's
the battle cry of the young progressive.

“What's that? Got a headache? Eat me."
Not bad; originality i5 nine/tenths of the
fun. But come to think of it. who would
have thought of it last year? You know?

While on the sex motif. 1 know some
macho men who wore nothing but U-trou
last year. l'd go for it. but it's a little cold this
year for that. And some women 1 know
went as M&M's. Pretty good; none of them
melted in anyone's hands. They were nuts,
though. really.

While we're talking sexes. my
housemates and l were toying with the idea
of going as the Go-Go's until i found out
that their vocalist is in love with Mike Mar-
shall. An L.A. Dodger? Not me. buddy.
No way.

What's left? inanimate objects are fun.
but they're very limiting. imagine trying to
boogie dressed up as a SONY Walkman.
What fun! Or try doing “the worm" in the
guise of a Two Fingers bottle. You'd never
be able to get up again. Last year some

littliKiS of mine dressed as such diverse ob-
jt‘ClS its hongs. Christmas trees (complete
wnh piusonis and Santa). toilets. and

\igniciiu boxes. 1 even saw a mealcard last

yum Maybe f'li try to get 53 friends of mine

together .uid go as the .iumbo Crayola box.

Wb'd, ninimbiy fight over who would be
Periwinkle. though. Some guys i knew

  

 

 

 
  
  
 
 
 

A. Maw-«.4.... ....

palm V I _ mmounsnouiwrmé '. AW.» H“ v . .« 

 

, will become moral outwardly, but Inwardly
you will remain immoral. The more moral
you become outwardly. the more Immoral
you will be within-in the same proportion.
. because your morality is bound to nothing
but a deep suppression. You cannot do
anything else while asleep: you can only
suppress.

Through this morality you will become
false. You will not be a person. but simply a
“persona"-)usi a pseudo entity. Misery will
follow. and you will consequently be on
t the verge of explosion-explosion of all that
you have suppressed. it Is there waiting for

:while asleep. you will go mad. Only a
'dlshonest person can remain moral without
being mad. That Is what hypocrisy means.

I . [Hypocrites just show that they are moral.

mu .m.

Once they hit the "real world" though its:
"like you have to eat man. Like lighting the
system Is cool when you're in college. but
be real. Out here it's dog eat dog so i decid-
ed to become the top dog." Nice if you can
get ii i suppose. but did anyone ever stop
to think that not everyone can make it to
the top. And for that matter. the top of
what? Being the top dog on a mound of
dung ain't exactly my idea of a good time.

Nevertheless. there appears little
evidence to indicate concern among the
populace There's something very chilling
about the idea that's it's better to wallow in
shit Iliun face up to the dead ends our
dreams have drawn for ourselves. it's of no
real importance if we are not the masters of
the world. we'll master the god-damned
thing anyway.

You can be moral while fully asleep (i
guess). There is no problem. Rather. it is
better to be moral if you want to be fully
asleep because then society will not disturb
you. Then no one will be against you. You
can sleep conveniently. The society will
help you.

You can be moral without being
thoughtful. but the evil in life (yes. there is
evil. in life) will always be just behind you.
Just like a shadow it will follow. and your
moralily will be just skin deep because you
are asleep. It can be pseudo. false. a
facade. it cannot become your being. You

Halloween Blues

even went as each other. Talk about in-
animate! That's a little self~indulgent for
me. i thought to myself How about the
movies?

Movies are great: i love them. E.T. is go-
ing to be the biggie this year for the kids.
but i never saw it. Besides. some girl asked

me if i was The Man from Mars last year

 

   
 

 

  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
 

:but they are not. They find ways and
. means to be immoral. constantly remaining.
moral on the surface or pretending to be
moral. Only then can you remain sane;
otherwise you will go insane.

This so~called morality leaves only two
alternatives. if honest. you will become in-
sane. if dishonest you will become a
hypocrite. So those who are clever. cunn-
ing they are hypocrites. Those who are
simple. innocent. who become victims of
such teachings. they go mad.

While asleep. real morality cannot hap-
pen to you. What is meant by “real morali-
ty"? Something which is a spontaneous
flowering out of your being. not imposed
from without. Real morality is not in op-
position to immorality. A real morality ls
just an absence of immorality. ft is not in
opposition! You can be taught to love your
neighbors. to love everyone. to be loving.
it can become a moral attitude. but the hate
remains within. You force yourself to be
loving. and a forced love cannot be real.
cannot be authentic. it is not going to fulfill
either you or the other person whom you
love. No one is to be fulfilled by this false
love.

it is just like false water. No one's thirst
can be quenched by it. The hatred is there.
and the hatred is trying to assert Itself. A
false love cannot be a real hindrance to it.
Rather. the hatred will penetrate the false
love and will even poison it and your love-
ing will become just a sort of hatred. it is
very tricky and cunning.

A real morality happens to a person who
has gone deep within himselfuand the
deeper you move. the more loving you
become. ii is not something forced against
hatred: If is not something antagonistic to
hatred. The deeper you move. the more
love flows oul of you i T

and i wasn't even in costume yet. Another
fun movie is Willie Wonka. i thought about
masquerading as an Oompaloompa. but I
might get eaten by a vermiclous kid. and it
might not be easy to get the green dye out
of my hair. i'ci look like Henry Huggins in
“Henry Gets a Paper Route." i also
thought about being the big guy from
Halloween and Halloween Part 2 but a
new Halloween ﬂick is out so the others are
passe. it'd be iiki going as Bruce “the
Shark" from Jaws.

So much for movies. T.V.? Forget it.

This Halloween business is a pain in the
caboose. is that why some sick people put
pins in the candy? Are they frustrated trick-'
or-treaters? is that me in twenty years?
lWasn't Halloween better when it was a
,human sacrifice?

I don't know. i really don't. Maybe l'ii
just stay home this year. But i'il probably
wait until the last minute and “dress up" as’

- ““ really stupid. Like a Matador.
Or maybe i'll go as Little Lord Fautieroy
and dress like half the guys on Dutch
Quad.

Who knows? I could go as Vic “The
Cop" of ASP fame.

But don't get into fights with guys In

 

' uniforms; they may be real cops. Get a real

 

you. if you are really honest in being moral .

on T-i'oo Dinah.)

nan-o.-

“a

 

 

 

costume and be good this year. D

a w

«.4-.. . ., ..:

 r...

.., v"; ~._., 4;“..-

 

