...< k:

1-“ $33.2-

:vut unan- 55.13am .. . 

 R.

a...

_......._. .. W. “.5 

"mix-Era.“

 

  

S: A He! or thderan e

 

 
 

Realities of Apartheid

inphet M. Zwann

in terms of political ideologies, no
Westerner has 'ever accused the South
African regimes of providing quantitatively
less freedom. less justice or less democratic
government than many other countries of
the world. These elements do exist in South
Africa but they are strictly rationed on the
sole basis of color—not of citizenship. or
birth or merit but color alone. Discrimina-
tion on the grottnds of color in the country
is not regarded as an aberration to be
depracated and remedied. but rather an in-
stitution which,is authorized and eagerly
perpetttated by statute. It is not discrimina-
tion but integration which is expressly for-
bidden by the Parliament of South Africa.

The Reagan administration‘s policy of
boosting the South African regime while
condemning Polaan is a height of lrypocr icy
and racism.

The impression that Africans from
Namibia. Zimbabwe. Malawi“Swaziland.
Lesotho. Mozambique and the bantustans
are anxious to get into South is erroneotrs.
Under the colonial system tltesc countries
had signed labor contracts with South
Africa on behalf of their sttbjects. Natural—
ly. as a result of the discovery of gold and
diamonds and the expansion of farming.
South Africa had many job openings. But it
should be noted that the majority of jobs
for Africans were of a low paying labor
lypc, The South Al'rican's rcginrcs did all
they could to attract outside contract
laborers because: they were less cltooscy
than the natives; they were politically inert;
and. they would repatriate their wages. The
following statistics demonstrate the absur-
dity of the theory that lilack Africans are
dying to get into the country.

Nearly four-fifths of a l9(rti sample of
contract workers of Tsttntch gave
“poverty” or assistance to their families as
their reason for migrating. and only one
perCent said they were seeking
"adventure," (To Be Born A Nation. Zed
Press. t981). There is not it single historical
instance of a group of Africans or an in-
dividual who migrated to Sortlh Africa for

 

Following Orders

 

The students who work in the cafeteria
are given specific rttlcs and guidelines to
' follow. one of these regulations concerns
closing sections of the dining area a
breakfast. The purpose olivthis is so that the
tables and chairs can be cleaned and the
lioor swept and vacuumed.
The cafeteria workers are given orders

the sole purpose of seeking protection from
oppression at home. My

Droves of panicky whites have ﬂocked
into the country from African couptries
that achieve independence and majority
rule. Native Africans have completely failed
to find any degree of personal safety and
opportunity within South Africa. it is safe
to believe that the situation cannot be better
for Black outsiders.

The bantustans are ten sprawling African
reservations which consist of only if) per-
cent of the total land area of South Africa
and less than half of the country's tnosl fct -
tilc soil. Among thcnt they house a popula—
tion of more than it) million. in every
respect they are South Africa‘s appendages.
They are not autonomous and the people
who reside in them did not choose I'rccly to
do so.~

The following tally of information are

the harsh realities of apartheid:
>Al'ricttns tttakc up 72 percent of the
population and yet they are forced to li\e
permanently irt only iii percent of the land.
>ln l97‘). the average tnontltly wage in the
tninittg industry was $1,056 for while
workers and only $l75 for African workers.
>ln l97il/79 per capita spending on educa-
tion was $833 for wltitcs and Sill for
Africans.
l>ln 1978. according to tire Rand Daily
Mail. the infant mortality per l.()()t) live bir-
ths was l2 for whites and 282 for rural
Africans.
DBlacks are prohibited by law to vote or to
become members of the governing white
parliament (Southern Africa PERSPEC-
TIVES. December. 198]).

The debate about whether U.S. in-
vestments in South Africa help or hinder ef-
forts to abolish the system of white minori-
ty rtrle is growing. This debate is rapidly
spreading into the area of governmental

behavior by the present administration. The V

policy of dottble standards where race is in-
volved is one that can lead only to resent-
ment and suspicion.
not to let anyone sit on tltut side and if
anyone docs we are to kindly ask them to
move to tilt: other side. Thc workers don't
take any pleasure in interrupting somcottc‘s
meal bttt do tltc work as they are told. I do
not feel this should cause any ill feeling or
animosity between the students concerned.
What has ptotnptcd me to write this was
an uncalled for confrontation one l-‘ir .tv
morning this semester iii the Indian Quad
cafctct'in. Matt and Fred (two totally t'ic-
titious names to protect the inuoccnt‘) sat
doer on the north side. i walked 0\'t.‘t‘ to

 

 

them and‘requested that they move to the
other side. Upon doing so. they refused.
said they wanted to speak to my boss and
used several other choice words. i denied
their rcqttest thinking it was totally absurd
and Fred‘s little outburst was just a sign of

childish behavior. Fred [then had the

audacity to tell me to get lost and go away.

It was a pleasure to see such nasty disposi-

tions so early in the morning. '

i had told my superior what had happen-
ed immediately after and i just laughed the
wltole episode off with my friends who were
eating at the time. Now almost three weeks
later liretl has continued to show his im-
maturity by issuing a complaint against me
with my boss. He even stooped so low as to
cba'ngc the story around to suit his needs.

In order to prévcnt any fttrtlter incidents
from occurring, next time anyone is down
itt thc cafeteria eating try to remember that _
l|.A.S. workers are just students trying to

do their job.
——.lttdy Weissmun

 

Tells It To The Marine

 

'l o the I-Ltlitor:

lhc Murine recruiters were in ttrc ('am~
pus t'cntcr this morning. and ortc of them
just told the how ltc had rejected a ccrtaitt
man who was 6 feet tall. blond.
muscular—~a man who looked like “he
belonged." He proceeded to tell a friend
and tnyscll about the militttr'y‘s regulations
concerning gay people. By the way. my
friend and l are gay.

in the course of our conversation “guy”
was cqtrated with other disqualifications in-
cluding criminal records. drug dependency.
and low intelligence (a certain minimum
grade-point average is a criterion).

The ASP gets around! He had read past
issues. knew of the controversy concerning
the SUNY Albany anti-discrimination
policy and said. yes a quote. “It was
bullshit." The prize went for his opinion
that. “they’re just appeasing you people."

Thank you to whoever granted these peo-
ple permission to come on campus to
espouse ignorance, discriminatory policies.
and a reactionary philosophy. It seems to
be quite representative of the time.

— Name Withheld Upon Request

A Question Of Time

 

To the Editor:

After reading the article on the
Wcrcwolves relocation. (February l2) I felt
it was necessary to address one of the issues
brought up in thc article.

When John Martonc. tltc head of
Residence. was asked why the students had
not been told by |.i/ Rndko. Alumni
Qttattl‘s Director. that they were being r'cfcr~
rcd. his answer was that she could not be‘

expected to do this because of the large
number of referrals 'on Alumni Quad. First
of all it is absurd that she could not inform
eight students that she was going to attempt
to have them thrown off campus.

The students were not informed about
her referral until the week prior to the start
of the spring semester. A registered letter
was sent to the students‘ homes. tn the let-
ter the referral was included. The referral
was dated December 7. l98]. Lir thdko
ltad decided to try to throw the students off
campus a nrontb and a half earlier. During
the last three weeks of the fall semester she
met personally with many of the students
she was referring. When titre of the students
asked if any action would be taken \ilt'
refused to comment eve—n though shc littti
already written the referrals.

So it scents obtiotts that it was not .t m.u
tcr ol l I/ Rtuil o trot but inc enough rinu» to
intortn the students. but rather an Ull\|tt't~
tlllt‘lltpl to kccp tltc lat-rs liltltit'lt lltltll llrt
stttdctrls.

——-Nttme Withheld ilpou Rt‘qtlt'sl

Ad Policy Disputed

To the l-Ltlilor:
I am writing in response to tut turn-It

 

 

‘which appeared in the (January 2‘), ins."

edition) ASP titled “Need Not Apply“.

The ttttlhor seems very itttcnt on mukurv
the point that the ASP staff is L‘OllL'L‘lllt'tl
that it's readers are misled by military
advertising and vows to tell readers Illilltlltt‘
but the truth.

if this is the case. then you've only

managed to discredit your own fctrsihilrty
with this article. it seenisthc attthor of thc
article (who I notice chose to remain
ttnidentified) never bothered to do the onc
thing that separates a good journalist from
just another writer. 1 refer to research. It
the author had taken the time to investigate
the subject. he or she would have found
that every applicant for military service wrll
encounter the question of homosexuality
prior to being sworn into any branch of the
service.

In the case of an applicatron to bccotnc tt
Marine officer. the question. “Have you
ever participated in a homosexual act?" is
asked on a NAVMAC Form 10418-3. The
applicant is required to initial the yes or no
block on the form. in the enlisted screening
process. it is spelled out even clearer by ask

ring. “Have you ever engaged in homoch
tral activity? (Sexual relations with another
person of the same sex)." This appears on
page S of the DD Eorm 1966 personal
history statement. Again. the applicant
mtrst initial the yes or no block.

The author's statement that an individual
might not learn that their sexual orientation
is a medical disqualification until after they
have ettlistcd is entirely false. An answer of
yes on either of these screening forms will
cause immediate disqualification from

 

r -I’ii LB

     

ALBANY? tttttrt
EV

WANT
TO BE

NEAT?

oannf-
/ wELL, T. CtlhkleED
{Ml Mlklhu-

   

 

WHAT Wis THAT ?

WASHINGTON?
Ml r

xwouum'ﬁ  its

iii“
3

ml“

r

 

 

~ ‘rlllrrttttlll

military service. ‘
in addition. it should also be understood
that an admitted homosexual. ortcc in the
service, is by no means “dislronorrthb
discharged" as your article states. He or she
is given a general discharge for the come
nicncc ofthc government. The fact that the
individual was a homosexual appears
nowhere on the discharge paperwork and irr
fact is not relenseable to persons inquiring.
i personally see your ban on Itillilttt)
advertising hurting only your publication.
However. i do feel that before you takc
steps to hurt something. it would be wise to
at least research the reasons you are effec-
ting the ban attd be accurate in yotrt accusa-

lions.

_ K.M. Zuhlngtts
Sch. U.S. r\/tlfiltt' (‘trrpx

> The article Illt'llltttllt'tl lt'tl\ t'lt-ttrtr Ittlt/
01/ us ttrt t'tlr'lurl'ttt. .‘l\ \Itllt't/ in HIV llItl\I/lt'tll/
”" ""5 Page. “Iz‘rlt'rurrttli tll't‘ lt't'tllt’lt ttr tint
Editor in Chief wrllr lilt'lll/tt'n of I/lt'
Editorial [lot/rt]. "

The editorial .tItor/It/ lttll't' I't'tlt/ Ittttl
disc/target] Ito/tittmrtttt/s tll‘t' .eir't-It lt'n IltrIII
honorable slums, not r/n/totrorulrle \Itllll-\-

 

ll '9 regret the error. ——-l;(/.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

rh- +,.. THY-3... .. '_,. : ,Aﬁ1..‘.!_,‘w~i’ﬂr n (

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

  

The boys n] 1968: Kenneth Nt'lsutt. Frctlt'rtr‘k (.‘ttttths. l.tilth'lirt.’ Luekinhlll. Lutrttrtrd Frt'y.

Reuben Greene. Kt'rttt Pt't'lillCt'. (Ill/f Gtrrttttrtr and Robert Lu 'l‘uttrnentts‘.

L0ve,
ate
an

The boys tr] 1

McNamara.

982. Jerry SttrI/l. Mark Nurtttatrdltt.
Peter Wilson. Howard Gamer. Joe Throws. and Steve Lats.
trim". tw Wt" Yunnan/UPS

The Boys In The Band

Aspects of Homosexuality:

—Six Lives

vThe Boys In The Band Revisited

«Boys On Campus

vMaking Lottie Reviewed

 

Mark Saks. Gregg Berrtan. Brian

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
    
       

.30..

 

 

 

