r‘
I
i
.

whim—r .

a.» -_MM-m--.—ﬁm~.tw ‘

  

    

rs

'ﬁ

 

 

 i

. ." ». ' .3, __» l.‘

 

    
 

Rentals

Still Available

 

Free Room Delivery

Call 462-0400

creative

{OIIVOIIIOIIGGS

 
 
 

 

Y."

Free tickets are available to students to all of
the local synagogues. Just call the synagogues
directly and they will hold tickets for you

 

 

 

 

 

 

GET THE ‘A’- EAT AT SAN ANDREAS

gnﬂiﬂﬁliiillijﬂi

 

CLIP THIS AD
Receive FREE
Any
One Soda or
Beer
ON TAP

Located East
of
Fuller Road
on Central
Avenue
In Colonle

...rr¢-* A. ..

 

 

 

 

_I. 13:"
Maia:

Indul

ge.

rests?

 

 

 

AT SITUVVESANT PLAZA

 

 

Monday-Thursday 7:30 am-9z30 pm, Friday and
Saturday 7:30 am- 12 mid. Sunday 7:30 am-5 pm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“emu”:

 

 

‘SEPTEMBER 24. 19.92 :1 ALBANYSTl/DENTPRESS 5; -- - -' - '- - -’ - - -- *- - '- ‘ii-L‘i—‘ﬁ'

SUNY Central eliminates 26 positions i if ‘ A'l  

 

in effort to streamlineadmlnlstratin

use assure

SUNY Central is reorganizing its structure to in-
crease efﬁciency by reducing administrative positions
in order to establish clearer lines of authority. accor-
ding to Executive Vice Chancellor. Dr. Donald
O'Dowd.

O'Dowd said 26 positions have been eliminated as
was speciﬁed in G v. High L. Carey’s original I982
budget. The budg called for staff cuts in state ofﬁces
and agencies. including the governor's ofﬁce. O'Dowd
said.

One of the aims of the reorganization. O'Dowd ex-
plained. is to "narrow substantially the number of
people reporting directly to the chancellor.” Prior to
the realignment. which began last August. there were
22 such people. but it has been reduced to l0 said
O'Dowd.

O'Dowd noted that an organization's “span of
management" should be six to ten people in order for
it to run smoothly. He expects SUNY Central will be
run “markedly better" in the future.

“The goal of this operation is to make clearer the
lines of responsibility and authority and to improve
communication within the administration." O'Dowd
said.

While cutting positions. SUNY Central board an-
nounced Jerome Komisar has been appointed Provost,
a position that has been vacant for four years. A pro-
vost presides over curriculum and faculty matters for
the entire SUNY system.

He is the chief academic officer of the 64 campus
SUNY system and receives an annual salary of
$64.538.

SUNY Central is a five-tier organization consisting
of the Ch‘ancellor. Provost. Vice Chancellor. Associate
Vice Chancellor and Assistant Vice Chancellor. Posi-
tions were mainly removed at the Associate and Assis-
tant Vice Chancellor levels. professional level staff
(middle management) and clerical workers. O’Dowd
said. adding that titere are two fewer Vice Chancellors
as a result of the reorganization. The second phase of
the operation will be the realignment of the Ad-
ministrative division which presides over matter of

 

Campus vandalism incidents big problem

 

 

  

 

New Provost Jerome Komlear
Position ﬁlled after four— year vacancy
business. ﬁnance and eaptiai matters.

O'Dowd believes that campuses and other agencies
will be better served by SUNY Central in the future
because “there are clearer lines of delegation. You
must sit down and clarify" what the organization
does. he said. He added that ISUNY Central hasn't
been realigned in five years.

“And we'll probably do it in another five years."
said O‘Dowd.

Jim Tierney. president of SASU. who closely
monitors SUNY Ccntral’s activities said he doesn‘t
have any objections to the reorganization.

Tierney said he doesn't see this as a major change
for the organization. “Basically, these people will be
doing the same jobs with different titles." he said.

heavily taxing the University’s budget

 

By Carl Patka

Two bulletin boards were apparently set on ﬁre in
front of the library last Friday morning, according to
State University Police Oficer Thomas Sobkowicz.
The bulletin boards, the type found on many of the
columns on the podium. suffered damage in the form
of scorched notices. smoke stains. singed paint and
notices that had been torn off and left scattered
around the columns.

Vandalism is “. . .unbelievable at this University."
said a night division police officer who refused to be
identiﬁed. and claimed it is a serious problem at all
State Universities. He said that the vandalism at
SUNYA takes the usual forms of smashed doors and
windows, graffiti. destroyed furniture. spray painted
walls and other “college pranks.” He also mentioned
ear vandalism was common. Each year. he said. cars
are found with slashed tires. missing or damaged wind-
shield wipers, smashed windows. and paint deliberate-
ly scraped with car keys.

Director of Police at the Department of Public Safe-
ty. James R. Williams. agrees that vandalism is a pro-
blem. He explained that day and night division police
ofﬁcers have different outlooks on vandalism because
much more vandalism occurs at night than during the
day. "People are on their best behavior in the
daytime." he said.

One hundred fourty-one cases of criminal mischief.
the legal term for vandalism. occurred in the eight Fall
‘and Spring academic months of last year alone, accor-
ding to Williams. in l98l. there were 147 incidences
reported. He pointed out that about 80 percent of the

 

whiten-Vi 2’ a

incidents involved state property.

Williams considers vandalism a major problem
because “it disrupts our schedule of routine
maintenance." Men who ordinarily work on upkeep-
ing the University are forced to spend time doing
emergency repairs. Because of this, he said. there is
often a shortage of manpower to do the work.

Vandalism also wreaks havoc on the maintenance
budget. In April of l982 alone. vandalism cost the

' University $6.000 and in May another $3.600 was add—

ed to the running total. Williams said that this cost is
much higher than the figures indicate because they
don't include labor. “Union labor." he continued.
“often has to come in to do the job."

The cost of vandalism hits especially hard because
the Budget Director makes no provision for vandalism
in the budget. “it comes out of the University’s hide."
Williams said. if the University budgeted for it. “there
would be no incentive to try and prevent vandalism."

Most incidents of vandalism are not very costly by
themselves. Some incidents. however. can tally a hefty
bill. For instance. a professor in the chemistry depart-
ment reported that last year a student had purposely
turned offa lab refrigerator, an incident which cost the
University $200 in chemicals. Also, the car of the Col-
onial Quad Dorm Director'was vandalized to the tune
of $480. a $75 window was smashed in the lecture
center and some students spray painted the halls of the
Fine Arts building which rang up a $250 bill. This
year's bulletin board fire is further evidence that van-
dalism is by no means a thing of the past. but may con-
tinue to be a problem for the students and administra-
tion. . . _ . , , , .

I12

is

l-‘IIEE WASH
USE 1 WASHER
‘ e T 2ND WASHER,
FREE WITH THIS COUPON

|‘ l
|(ICOUPON PER CUSTOMER SEPT 0NLY)|

QUAE & CLﬂVTDN ST ALBANY

 

Rabbi Meir Kahane
(head of .1151.)

will be available to speak at synagogues
I organizations and house parties from
Oct. 15% - Dec. 20th. 1982

Contact for available dates
(516) 295-3800 - Sheila

 

  

  

CHINESE FOOD

.rw. . ..

 

ssnvmo AUTHENTIC L“"$’_‘::'.','.,.'o%':','::'m’ cc“... "l'n'lﬂ

OMYDqIAVOItoMMIIAI—IPI

"“"' ‘ "mm:

434-6333

136 Elli. am - Albany

 

  

l

1:31.?! arm,

 

 

“(s aaar‘g "demise-g ban"

0 OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK

partrioge pub

869 Madison Avenue
Albany, N.Y.

PUB-BURGERS TlLL 3:30 A.M.
HEINEKEN (DRAUGHT)

SUNDAY AFTERNOON SPECIAL !

 

 

  

.'  $.— '.
  *9

99%....

With this coupon you'll receive
any foot-long sandwich for 99‘
when you purchase another of
comparable value at the usual
listed price. (Ollerooodthrough Mal—J

Redeem At

 

I America's Famous Poet Londwlch
1182 Western Avenue~

 

   

 

 

__ N... r.._ c- as yvﬂ.

...,—....__....:..s

 

.--.—n s...- .. m/ ;

 

