 

 

I.” arr-mt darn-per “jun-

 

 

it
3
a
S.
P
5'
i-

eoz O-IGII'IO>

NH

“ﬂail

'd be lying if I said that my en-
1 counter with Peter Gabriel was

anything less than disturbing.
Since leaving the musician-mystic today in
Manhatten. I've been utterly unspooked.
and now. In Cihak's neighborhood. unable
to sleep. there's - “" L‘ my
stomach.

Bob O’Brian

First of all. Peter Gabriel's humility is
frightening. I realize that. so far. I've con-
veyed a negative Impression of a man
whose work both with Genesis. which he
left in 1974. and as a solo artist (his fourth
album was just. released on Geffen/ Warner
Records) is so admirable and worthy of
praise as to be beyond the scope of this in-
terview. This is not my intention. I realize
also that it will sound like the most offen-
sive kind of hyperbole when I say that here

The Rh -
An Exclusive Interview
With Peter Gabriel

 

In New York I felt like Rael from The Lamb

discovered the hot springs In Bath. Sup-
posedly, he went to Greece to study witt-
Pythagoras and then he returned to
England and set up a Druid university and
also built seven temples on the seven hills
around the city of Bath. Solsbury hill is
.. Jtobe ' “ ‘ "to Apollo.

There are no visible ruins of the temples
but you can still find the "grain" preserved
in the earth packed tight. There was a good
television drama called “The Stone Tape
Memory." The idea was that the rocks had
a sort of memory bank and stored deeply
emotional events somewhere in Its
makeup. Though it sounds very fanciful.
I'm quite attracted to it as an idea. It fits In
also with the Buddhist idea of all things
having energy. ‘

In your earlier Ivorh. and even now.
the Chrlet image appeare frequent-
ly. Ie Chrlet reeonant for you ae a
eoiar Idea?

  
 

 

hm And The Rhyme

sea ts visible. and mountains. Things that
put people into persepective.

Wae there a epeeiﬂe time when you
were turned on. an to epeah. to
Mrlca'l

Originaly. It came from listening to Radio
4 in England. One morning I came across
these very strange sounds from a sound-
track of a thing called Dingaka which was
an obscure Stanley Baker African epic film.
I started exploring Ideas that led to “Normal
Life." the music of "Btko." and a little bit
on "No Self Control." on that third album.
Also. hearing Byrne-E no. Talking Heads.
Bow-Wow-Wow and Adam and the Ants.
All that Interested me a lot and lead to this
festival being set up (World of Music. Arts.
and Dance Festival). I thought. then. that It
would be great to harness some of the
power of rock to try and interest people to
move a little further down the line to the
source material.

There eeeme to he a paradox in
your work...

The thing to be gained from the word
"paradox" Is the Zen tradition. where you
actually get up a tension by sticking two

 

contradictory things together and that is

 

 

Lies Down On Broadway. dizzled and suf-
focated. particularly as I walked back from
the Interview and was immersed in the
crass opulence of 57th Street. dazed and
wanting to cry out. I really can't explain it.

I had expected to meet a dark and Im-
posing man. somewhat egotistical and In-
accessable. But Gabriel's
countenance—his child-like. baffled ex-
prer‘ion was inspirational. as well as
bewildering. lt willalways be with me. Peter
was patient with my questions concerning

 

, Have the Touch.” “Rhythm ol the

myths. legends. and numerology. He was
preoccupied with the future and I should
have asked him more about video and
holography. So. readers. you can draw
your own conclusions. I'll still be trying to
piece together the scenario.

It seems that if anything could
mark your solo career. it would be
the line from "Lay Your Hands On
Me:" “No more miracles-loaves and
ﬁshes, been so busy with the
washing of the dishes."

i think there are still some elements of
mysticism which I write about. but more are
related to day to day experience.

You eeom more eclentiﬂc now, not
ae elaborate. Songe like "On The
Air." “And Through the Wire." “i

Heat"—

Well. “Rhythm of the Heat" is based on
the adventures of Carl Jung. He had this
African obsession. you know. and he end
ed up with this tribe of warriors and becamr
possessed by this thing which entered lntc
him and was really frightened. He went
around to the drummers and tried to bribe
them to stop playing. That was Interesting.
This great Western mind swept up by his
own shadow.

‘What le Lino Programming?

There's this Linn drum machine which
allows you to program in rhythm patterns
of your own. This will allow you to get
good. fat realistic drum sounds. When I
write stuff. I will often spend a lot of time
working on the different rhythms and just
program them into the machine. I think
rhythm is the spine and if you change the
spine. you change the body of the the thing
that forms around lt...|t's the groove,
basically.

I was looking through a book on
Stonehenge and there wae eomo
mention 0! Sol-bury iiill (title oi a
eong from Gabriel'e eecond album).
ie that near you?

Yeah. It’s about a half a mile from where
I live. There's another Solsbury Hill and

 

Their! ‘ wns‘ 'this‘ 'Ki’ng ﬂlhdrid 'Iwhé‘

 

 

 

Yeah. The cyclical thing. in the way we
function. A women's menstrual cycle
...there's the direct link with that and the
ocean's tides. yet there seems to be this
idea that we are the most important thing
alive. I mean we only see one narrow area.
We don’t see what's going on in a circle.
For instance. if you see someone that
you're sexually attracted to. if you got a
millimeter away from the skin that had
blown up Into all your vision where you see

I like being in places

 
  
  

often more interesting than taking either
one path or the other.

Man and woman.

You see that now with the woman’s
movement; women learning to take on
men's roles and men learning to cry and
look after the kids.

Are you optimletie?
I describe myself as optimistic with

where the sky is visible,

where the sea is visible, and mountains.

Things that put people in perspective.

 

skin pores. whatever, you're no longer at-
tracted. Also. if you're so far away from a
person that they're a dot. the same. I think
that we see life like that. yet we're actually
these small living organisms operating in
very small areas on this huge ball which is
rpinning around. It's very hard actually to
experience that and to hold that In our con-
sclousness. I like. for that reason. being In
places where the sky ls visible. where the

pessimistic tendencies. I think It's better that
way.

[I San Jacinto In Mexico?

California. Right next to Palm Springs.
so you've got all the Palm Springs stuff with
Indian Canyons next door...plus some
stuff told to me by this Apache brave who
Was working as a hotel porter in Cleveland.
He was actually from Arizona and he

 

 

Salisbury l‘lill. They're all based on the sun. _

wrmiwi

.1!

1m..- 1

 

 

Reprinted With. Permission. 1.7mm..RockBill Magazine .h... . . .. . .  .. .. .  v

I - r .u ...
.r-r -».'I n”... . ‘ .r

' til! "‘

  
 

described how he'd been Initiated and was
taken out with this shaman and a rat-
tlesnake. He was bitten by the snake and
left for two weeks to have visidns. . .so i bor-
rowed some images from that and stuck it
into the "San Jacinto" setting.

The Family and the Flehlng Net"
could've been written about the
same area.

For me. that Is a look at a conventional,
traditional Western wedding as seen from a
ritual point of view. It's like seeing the fami-
ly as an amoeba-like organism that sends
out vaginas to catch its prey. There's all this
terratorlal warfare. bride and bridegroom's
families. Rings and veils and confetti. In-
teresting stuff.

What about “Shock the Monkey"?
Jealousy. lt's TamIa-based In terms of

feel. Motown.

0n the cover 0! the new album. you
look like you're on a centrlluga go-
ing 600 mph. 0r la that a ehi maelr
you're wearing?

It's makeup. There were some masks

:om Anuba (In Africa) which were In-
teresting. but this was a reworking of
Imusical suggestions by this sculptor. I was
making visual suggestions to him. I wanted
.to get some sort of physical appearance
that would fit in with his figures. They're
very powerful figures.

Are you more vieually etimulated or
literally?

I think probably visual. Pictures. first and
then. sounds. The sounds of words.
Repetition Is a good thing to work with.
though it's very common in rock.

How important to distortion are a
motll for you?
For the world at large?

Yea.

I think I'm primarily an entertainer. I'd
like to think that of some of what I do...|
need the support. However. It Is not par-
ticularly designed for immediate consump-
tion only. There's more me in It than in a
straight entertainment situation. But it's
very easy for our people to get over-
Inflated Ideas about their work.

What wne going on in “Games
Without Frontiere"?

There's this game In Europe. People
from different countries compete. doing sil-
ly games. getting wet. it's very nationalistic
and competitive. l was thinking about no.
tlonallsm. It was frightening to see with the
Argentine war. These horrific headlines in
the popular press inciting people to inscribe
bombs with rude and hostile “Up Yours"
things.

Do you want to tells about The
Lamb?

I'd prefer not to. I don't mind, actually.
talking about it anymore. but for stuff that
gets printed. I'd prefer to dlsassociate
myself. I think It's‘much better for the new
music If It gets treated as a separate entity.

Are you etlll lntereeted in
numerology?

I don't find it so interesting or enlighten-
ing. There's quite a lot of that strewn
amongst Genesis records. There are other
things based on physical reality...

Do video and televielon excite you?

Yes. Right now It's at a very superficial
stage. Advertising for singles. really. but I
think a lot will come out of It. Visual people
will be fifty-fifty collaborators with musl-
clans and not "after the event" employees.

Are you a geniue? .

No. In fact. I'm always being teased by
the band. One critic called me a "minor
rock genius". I think that the word "genius"
should be used very sparingly. I think I'm
anorlglnator in certain areas and I prefer
‘ -' “(elf

 

 

 

um

   

iiir‘;-sr.';hu'2:1.\x$.,=nialn'rid-lichiur ..‘.~ . ' .

 
 
  
    
  
     
   

    
 

 

: od. I'm so wasted. Why Is If that
G getting depressed makes me go
out and get drunk—drown my

sorrows and all that Junk. Now, I'm back
home and nothing's changed. She's
gone—it's over. Guess I'll Just get comfor-
table here on the couch. watch for the
' unrlse and wait to die. Nothing better to

. o.
'2'- ' Wha...what the hell is that? Hallelujah?

g eez. that's beautiful.

 

Damian VanDenburgh

 

. What's this thing here? Hm. the Roches
eep On Doing. Hey. they're pretty. Big
eal. I'll never meet 'em. Not at this

’._ te—Damtan VanDenburgh. the reigning

. aster of the broken heart and the strike
. t. Ah. shut up. What voices. Sounds like
' ne big beautiful color. God. you're drunk.
he Hallelujah Chorus." Feel like I'm 90-
g to Heaven. First pleasant thing to hap-
n to me all evening. Figures it takes place
hlle I'm just about ready to commit
Ictde.
‘ What's this? "Losing True." All right.
ow we're getting somewhere. Wow.
other beautiful song. Perfect. That's just
kw I feel. Well. felt anyway. “When I first
et you. I failed to get you/Now that i let
 come tltrough I forget who I am." I
bn't think I feel anything now. except
numental depression. Robert Fripp on
guitar. He played on and produced their
arfli‘st album too. Nice lead—l guess he can
"'.émote."

i

  

ing. but It Is not the trio. Seductive Reason-
ing was released In 1974. produced by
Paul Simon. and featured Maggie and
Terre Roche. Suzzy joined the group in
1975 and It wasn't until 1979 that The
Roches creeped Into the ears of the music
world.

The album met with Critical Success. a
passing acquaintance. but failed to met up
with The Buying Populus. an inﬂuential
friend. Undaunled. the Roches put out a
second album entitled Nurds. Where the
first album was acoustic (except for Fripp's

 

beautiful playing on "The Hammond
Song"). the second album had a full band

Keep on Doing is about that exactly - barrelling
on boldly or meekly (but still moving) in the stark
face of diversity. The beauty of the Roches’ lyrics
i

is that the “enemy” isn’t really an “enemy” — it’s

ither a stranger or ourselves that hold us back

 

  
 
 

And so on. What a night that was.
ngs have changed since then. I'm much

happier now (a Iobotomy never hurt
anybody.) Everything is beautiful and i love
1In new obsession —The Roche Sisters.

 

*V 'n Doing is their third album and a new
Tleval of excellence for this quirky. touching

 

   
    

'* mprovisalion is hardly a new con-
1 cept. but it is rarely applied to

music. Because the popular
_usic requires a record industry to get ex-
ppsure. the control over who is selected

 

   
    
  
      
   
   
   
 
 
   
    
 
 

‘lgpmpanies prefer to select more

I. ()§€Some credit—rnLi—sf'gtTt

n

d who is passed by Is decided by the
arketing branch of the industry. and since
‘ provisation implies taking risks and

arketable material. It is rather strange

   

 

‘ 0 the enormous

playing with them. Nurds was a departure
that worked. Funny. sad. beautiful music.
and lyrics, and a stunning accapello ver-
sion of Cole Porter's "It's Bad For Me,"
Again the Roches were praised critically
and passed over by the record-buying
public.

Keep on Doing seems to be Rochcs' in-

 

trlo. There is an album Seductive Reoson- '

The Roches Keep On Doing.

tent. They will not compromise on material
or presentation. and subsequently. their
new album Is their best album yet. if there is
a compromise. it's on personnel—Robert
Fripp has returned to produce the new
album. but has brought along two
friends—namely. Tony Levin on bass and
Bill Bruford on percussion (Fripp. Levin.
and Bruford comprise three of the (our
members of the newly formed King Crim—
son. Who needs Belew when you've got
the Roches?). Not exactly a compromise. is
it? The sound Is dynamic and striking.
There Is a synchronization In harmony bet-
ween the band and the songs that is rarely
matched In new music. The effect on the
listener is stirring. and by album's end.
uplifting.

Keep On Doing ls about that ex-
actly—barrelllng on boldly or meekly (but
still moving) in the stark face of diversity.
The beauty of the Rochus' lyrics is that the
"enemy" Isn't really an “enemy”—it's
either a stranger or ourselves that hold us
back or down. What Maggie. Terre. and
Suzzy make us aware of is our own fears
about that person next to us. They ra-
tionalize fears by demonstrating them. ob-
jeciifylng them. thereby making them
much more tangible.

Blah. They make me laugh and cry at
the same time. I won't even try to intellec-
tualize it. | ran't help but love someone
who writes a line like "Didn't you ever feel
like the largest Elizabeth in the world" in
one song and then in the next song "On
the Road to Fairfax County" tells me the

 

tragic strory of a love affair that ends ‘

 

   

death. "They seized him In a fury/And
heedlng not my plea/They hung him from
the oak tree/Where he made love to me."

(Anyway. getting back to the Roches and
away from that shabby soapbox. l'll dive
ahead to the last song on the album. “Keep
On Doing What You Do/Jerks on the
Loose." “You work too hard to take this
abuse/lie on you guard. jerks on the
loose." What better advice could you give
'0 somebody and from what better source?
-iure are three women working hard to
nuke the best music they can. and then
mcu that's done. they're passed over by all
you people out there with money In your
wallets and pockets and purses.

All right. This is it. We had enough. First
Elvis Costello. then Captain Beeiheart.
now the Roches. Why do | always find
myself championan the causes of people
that I hope will not go unnoticed. They
don't need me—they need you (especially
those of you who are still reading). Call
WCDB and request. better yet buy their
record. The Roches deserve a listen.

 

It is believed that at this point a drunken.
despondent youth named Damian
VanDenburgh was found naked on the
balcony of his apartment screaming “I love
the roaches!" He is currently undergoing
treatment at a local institution for the in»
sane. This article was found on the desk of
his downtown Albany apartment. When
questioned. his roommate Mike Benson
claimed. “I don't know what happened
Etymology was never his forte." l I

together is that they are two of d handful of
musicians that use the Roland Guitar Syn-
thesizer. a unit that serves to modify and
alter the sounds of the standard electric
guitar (a unit that may already be outdated
by the new Synclavicr Guitar Synthesizer
presently used by Pat Methany). One
might then expect the album to be cold and
mechanicalsounding; instead the effect i~
used in good taste and ii“! sounds useri
give an Interesting indicator of the potential
lulure of rock guitar. ,
Those with previous exposure to Fripp's
style will find this album similar to the
sound of "new" King Crimson's [Discipline
LP. the sound is classically influenced
understandable since both are trained in

 

‘ ut of guitarist Andy Summers who. for

  

1.] 2 last lour years has been part of the huge
ccess of The Police. For this album. his
st solo venture away from The Police.
mmers selected as his collaborator and
-producer. fellow guitarist and neighbor
bert Fripp. Certainly Fripp needs little
roductlon to the follower of rock music.
ce the late sixties. Fripp has been a
Iding force in "pop music experimenta-
n" and is best known for his role as
itarlst and leader of the Influential King
. lmson.
" King Crimson had a tendency to resem-

 

 .‘ more of a revolving door than a perma-
'- n! group. and noteables of the rock

 ~W..-_.mwuw . .

‘seemlngly different appears unusual. since

world such as Greg Lake (later od E.L.P.).
John Wetton (later of Asia). Bill Bruiord.
and Ian MacDonald were just a few of the
cast of thousands that passed through.
After he ended King Crimson in 1974.
Fripp disappeared from the music scene
until '78 when he re-emerged as
collaborator-producer with people like
Brian Eno. David Bowie. Peter Gabriel.
Blondie. Talking Heads. Hall and Oates.
and The Roches. His literate and eloquent
style has won him something of a cult
status. aided by his concern for the
audience—performer relationship.

g At first. the pairingof two musicians so

 

Andy Summers' style with The Police tends
to more concerned with textures than vir»
tuoso guitar playing. Thus. the sound on I

'hat field. sounding almost oriental in
nature. but distinctly western in tone and
tradition. The two trade-off leads in the

 

Aduance Masked ls more what one might
come to expect from Fripp. As
demonstrated with his records with the
revived King Crimson (with guitarist Adrian
Belew. bassist Tony Levin. and ex-
Crlmson drummer Bill Bruford). Fripp
tends to play in a rather mechanical. ’
wpetitlve way; hence. the addition of Andy
:iummers balances the sound well.

Apart from the fact that the two
guitarists have known each other for some '
time. another reason for their working

' keyboards. bass. and percussion. Songs

guitar duets as well as share duties on

like the opening track "I Advanced Mask-
ed" have occasional touches of brilliance.
and the album contains segments that may
be both guitarists' best recorded moments.

A pleasant suprlse in general. but you
may be disappointed if you pick it up ex-
pecting to hear anything that sounds like
The Police; that obviously is not the point
of the album. but it Is a rare glimpse at a
‘collaboration of two of rock's most tmpora;
tant figures. - - - r A » - -

 

 

eoaudiehlonlg.

'““ <5; cannon)

L"

 

 

 

