  

‘W"v———‘ "-  ~. ..

rA‘,‘ .

 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 CONFIENCE
Improve communication
and Leadership Skills
through
. PUBLIC SPEAKING
' , ,ijpeaker' .Ralph Passanno

I a . from .

TOASTMASTERS INTERNATIONAL

‘ the Public Speaking Professionals

Thursday, October 28

8:00 P.M. in LC 23
sponsored by Delta Sigma pi

 

'foaaooaoaoo-apltanapant-0'00...-cannon-apnparaacoco-gonad

‘ “ “‘“a '1?! we MM? Mi

 

Albany Students for Cuomo
help Mario Cuomo become
GOVGI’IIOI’

TONIGHT
7PM LCM
All Welcomel!

051:2? FRIDBY
TiargmiN [35535th
e pR'ZES GIVCNDRI

QED Jamal“

     
   
      
     

 

 

 

" “  HEAR *
Rabbi Heir Hahane

Speak on

JEWISH PRIDE
AIID
POWER

Wednesday ,Oct 27 CC Ballroom
89m

Tickets on sale Oct 22,25,26 in
CC Lobby and at the Door.

$2.50 or $2.00 with SUNYA ID

Sponsored by RZA
SA Recognizied

 

e
warms
333311:

SNOW ll!

  

ALBAhH’STATE

SKI CLUB
MEETING

TUQSAQ ,  LC,
8 Pm. LCZ

more. irgo cancer n.“ ‘.
r‘ " Q
“ Sucbosrkvc S\t’\
‘ 3*chm 3003‘
(AafosriS on“ be. L'ci\\QC\L't\

week hi 0. \Dt‘algum

   

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CALL.

HAM IaLI HI

NB
. kHz-Till.” Ina-Ft)”

I‘Aiik
to 3h -21 M)

 

 

rgr.

 

   
    
 
  
    
   

"Larriers

By Tracey Carmichael

 

 

The women's cross-country team came through
once again for Head Coach Ron White with a first
place score of 24 at the Capital District Cross-Country
Championship held in Schenectady's Central Park,
Saturday afternoon. Union College was second in the
meet with avscore of 39 and R.P.i. followed with a 65.

The Harriers' performance was by far the young
team's most impressive of the year. White was im-
pressed with the depth and strength of the squad’s ef-
fort. "To have five runners within a 4i second spread is
quite tremendous." he said.

This was the first time the Danes have won the
Capital District meet. White felt this type of team ef-
fort is what is needed to complete a successful year.

individually. freshman Kathy McCarthy pulled
through once again. taking second place overall with a
time of l6:20. just five seconds short of Union's senior
runner. Inge Stockman. McCarthy was very pleased

  
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

canwraswotmmss' Sports 15

W,

 

 

{gentile record-'boaks’ifﬁﬁql

the All-American Wrestlers
are comlng...

 

 

with her time and is looking forward to next week's
meet. when Stockman Won't have the home course ad-
vantage.

Also contributing to Albany's fine performance
were Siobhan Griffen With a l6:40 time and fourth
place, Donna Burnham, who took fifth place with
I6:44; Kathy Kurthy timing in at “5:47. putting her in
sixth place; and Bette Dyamba finishing seventh place
overall with a time of 17:06.

White explained that the course was shorter than the
usual live kilometers. but the 2.8 miles course made
for a quicker race.

Next week's New York State Championship meet
held at Geneseo will provide a good test of the team‘s
strength and depth. The meet will also prepare the bar—
riers for the NCAA's to be held at Frcdonia and the
Eastern Regional at Holy Cross. taking place later on.

White is very optimistic about his young team and
feels this week's meet was a good indication of the
power the team possesses. U

Men boaters defeat Vassar, 3-2

 

By Marc Schwarz

EDITORIAL ASSIST/IN r

 

The Albany State men‘s soccer team arrived at
Vassar College Saturday expecting any easy win. They
left with a 3-2 win thanks mainly to cxcellcnt goalten-
ding by Lance Harvey and a goal by Matt McSherry
with less than five minutes to go in the garlic.

“it wasn't very exciting." said Head Coach liiil
Schicffclin on the win that improved the Danes record
to 4-5-3 with two games remaining on their schedule.
“Lately it seems when we play well. we don‘t wirt and
when we don't play well, we win."

Harvey was the key to the Dane victory, according
to Schicffclin. Replacing starting goalie Tom Merritt
for the first time this season at the start of the second
half. Harvey made nine saves including two on Vassar
breakaways with less than l0 minutes lcfl in regulation
time. “If it wasn’t for Lance. we wouldn't have won
the game," said Sclticffclin.

Michael Miller opened up the scoring with his first
goal of the year, unassisted at 6:40. Vassar tied it up at
“:41 as John chi scored the first of his two goals.
.lcrry Isaacs took a pass form John Issclhnrd and beat
goalie I). Richardson at 29:13.

Levi cvcnctl the score at two, scoring his second goal
of the game at 62:52. Fil'tccn minutes later. Isuocs was
tripped in the penalty area. giving the Danes an ex-
ccllent scoring chuncc. ’I‘crry Bacchus was unable to

convert the penalty kick into a goal. The Danes
prevented the game from going into overtime as lstmcs
took a pass from Bacchus. broke down the left side
drawing the kccpcr out of the goal. A pass across the
box was drilled irrzo the open act by McShcrry. “Matt
McSherry really showed poise on that play.“ said
Schicffclin. "ch1151 keeps on showing how really im-
proved a player he is."

However. Schicl‘fclin felt the team as whole played a ‘

sloppy game. "We should have dominated. It was a
game we were supposed to win. We felt we could do
whatever we wanted." he said. “i guess we started toy-
ing with them. We broke away front our pattern type
offense and got into a run-and'gun lypc games. play-
ing very sloppy defense."

Merritt will back in goal when the Danes travel to
R.I’.I. on Wednesday. “Tommy understood why I
took him out on Saturday. It wasn‘t a penalty against
him. I just felt that if the team couldn‘t play Well for
their rcscrvc goalie, then what?" commented Schief-
fclin. “Lance did a great job for us. Hopefully i can
use him in the second half against R.P.l.“

The Danes have passed the first step in their iltrcc
game test. Two wins or :1 win and a tic will launch
Albany to the .500 mark or above. Their coach's l2
season winning streak is on the line, and the Danes ap-
pear ready and willing to extend it. Albany finishes Ilic
season here on Saturday against North Adams follow-
ing Wednesday’s match with R.I’.l. l l

AMIA crowns new softball champs

“her
It

- w By Barry (lo
\I U] "It'll, V<

While some gurncs tunic down to the lust inning to
decide thc winner and other games were crisily won.
this past wcckcnd proud to be tilled with tension and
excitement as the AMIA held its playoffs and chain
pionship gtrrucs in softball.

In I ctiguc 2A, which is the top Itlt‘li's tli\isiori, 'I‘hc
Ilu/J Brothers put their unr.lcfcutcd rccord on linc
against the ICCIilt'ii. 'l’hc Iccrncn, hoping to spoil lltc
Buzz Brotlicrs‘ pct fch rccord, wcrc rnclterl by their
opponent ll-4. Shortstop 'I’rrn (‘htisc led the rrttnck for
the Buzz Brothch with two singlcs and a triple, ric-
counting for six Risl's and was named the games Most
Valuable Player. Buzz Brothers' pitcher, Kenny
Glassmcn. held the lccrncn by striking out four batters
while collecting two hits. Captain Nick licnncll of the
Buzz Brothers talking about Tim Chase said, “Tim has
varsity potential. he is very smooth and solid."

Intramural President Mike Brusco. who was wat—
ching the game had this to say about Buzz Brothers'
pitcher Kenny Glassmcn. “Kenny was really on today.
He kept the ball low and fast. I was equally impressed
with Buzz Brother first bascmcn Rich Wcstcrberg. He
goes to the opposite field bcllcr than anybody i’ve
seen." Wcsicrbcrg proved Brusco‘s statement by gct-
ting three opposite field hits including it hornc run. The
Buzz Brothers finished with at pcr'l'cct lfr-t) r'ccord.

Although the lccmcn lost in the championship, they
still can look back on it fine scrrson. 'I'lrir'd bust-men
Stcvc Wcinrab pluycd supcr. including two triples and
at home run in the playoffs. l’itchcr Rich (iolricn pitch~
C(I superbly dcspitc suffering a bruised kncc in the
semifinals.

'I'hc garncx were just as exciting. in league lll a}. Not
Just For l-‘rrrr pulled out a 5-4 victory over it tough
Rebcls team in their semifinals gruuc. this put them in
the finals with li‘ '5 Bar at (irill. lirisy's pitcher, lrn
I’ragcr, showed off list talents as he pitched a no hitter
against the Camp Rrrngcr Buddies. lirrsy's casrly won

7—I. l’r'rtgcr allowed only two walks in thc gzunc. 'fhc
(‘ruup Ranger Buddies scored tltcir' onc rrrn on two cr-
rors committed by lirisy,

In the championship game, a crowd of over 100 pco-
plc watched a borrt nirrrrcd by rising tcmpers. Erisy's
Brrr Sc Grill won the conlcsl over Not Just For Fun.
l3-(i. liar. spottctl Nil-‘17 three runs in the first inning
and vevcr trailed after that as thcy corubirrcd to three
Ironic runs and u Iriplc on their wary to victory.

In leaguc 3, it was last ycrrr’s defending chumps IN
Memory of Dom against the One Hittcrs. In Memory
of l)om made it two in a row as they dcfctrtcd the One
Iiiltcrs I3-5.

Lcaguc 4A. a co-cd Ictrguc, Iiusy's Bar & Grill bcat
thc Blrrc I’arty tiring I4-4 to cup oil an undefeated
season.

The most exciting game of the weekend was played
in League All in the semi-finals, when Pluto's Retreat,
trailing 9-3 after four innings to thc Loony Tunes pull—
ed a miracle comeback scoring l2 runs in two innings to
defeat the Tunes i5-9. This gave them a birth in the
finals against the Mixed Monsters. The Mixed
Monsters handled their semi—final game with ease
beating Fubar I6—l.

In the finals thc Mixed Monsters kept the party roll-
ing as they defeated Pluto's Retreat I4—l. Mixed
Monster‘s pitcher Mutt Levin gave up only four hits to

Pluto.

In League 5, which is thc women‘s division, the
Mclcroritics rcduccd the Goddess to mere mortals as
they pulled out a sqltctrkcr l2—II.

“The program in gcncral proved to be a success.
The lcvcl of competition proved this." I’rcsident
Bruch stated. “I think somebody must have been
looking out for us as we had only one rain out," he
also added.

(.‘oruing up this winth lntr'amurrrls will be playing
volleyball. fioorhockcy and basketball. "We are look-
ing forward to a great winter.“ Brusco said. i i

 

l

 

ARAB STUDENT
ASSOCIATION '

seonsons
Dr.Chrls Giannou

An Eyewitness Account of
the Invasion of Lebanon

 

Date: Wednesday, Oct. 27,1982
Place: SUNY, LC 1
Time: 7:30 PM

 

ABOUT THE SPEAKER

Dr.Giannou was Medical Director of the
Nabitiyeh Hospital and at the time of the
Israeli invasion. a surgeon in the Palestinian
refugee camp of Air-eI-Halwi. He witnessed
the bombing of Sidon as well as the complete
destruction of the Air-eI-Halwi refugee camp.
He was arrested by the Israeli army on June 13
arid taken to prison in Israel where he
witnessed beatings and maltreatment. He was

 

released on June 20. He has presented
testimony to the Canadian Parliament and the
U.S. House of Representatives.

 

W V

You’re gonna love us!
459-3100
1375 Washington Ave_

_________________1
I

 I  r
WEEIéENDi

I
‘ , I
Special Rate 3 i

O
GSingliiofDoubleI

_WITH COUPON-l

LUNCHEON
FRIDAY SPECIALS

.99 igéﬁ

' SOUP
Specialise Sandwich

F—————

5% OFF

   

I
I
l
I
I ,
I
I
I
I
I

h—————-—

MONDAY-

I
I
I
I
I
I
.I

_—————_—

BANQUETS

 

 

l .L-___-__M_.___w.m mm;

 

Jv-v

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

; 4': WW - .

 

