 

 

 

.Wﬂnmn

A Birthday Celebration?

FDR’s True Legacy

Thomas W. Carroll

Beyond the customarily polite praises
heard across the nation in past days in
honor of FDR's l00th birthday lies the
stark reality of his true legacy—a
dehumanizing. unresponsive. costly, cen-

tralized government. and the continual ad-‘

vancement of Soviet oppression due in part
to Roosevelt's displayed naivetc at Yalta.
Although FDR initiated programs known
best by their New Deal acronyms (AAA.
CCC. FDIC. NLRV, NRA. REA. SEC,
TVA. and WPA) were inspirations of those
with good intentions, they invited a drastic
redeﬁnition of the previously dominant
view of the limited role of the government.
FDR’s philosophy reﬂects a lack of faith
and individual initiative and his misdirected
reliance on the false hopes of government

 

billion in 1932. As a result, the nation is
now experiencing a period of economic and
metal devastation that might have been
averted if FDR's programs achieved more
than thrusting many Americans into a
vicious dependency on government
assistance. FDR failed to respond to the
historic need of the American people—the
need for opportunity. self-development,
and advancement without restrictive regula-
tions. burdensome intervention, and a
disincentive-based tax structure.

In foreign affairs, FDR’s role has proven
to be similarly calamitous. Displaying utter
moral bankruptcy, he responded to
Japanese attack on the nation with the in-
terment of Japanese-Americans—free
citizens of the United Statesl At Yalta.

“FDR’s philosophy
reﬂects a lack of faith and
individual initiative and his
misdirected reliance on the
false hopes of government
solutions.”

 

 

The Wrong Approac

 

To the Editor:

A recent Hollywood film release Absence
of Malice focuses in on an ambitious
reporter who on information received from
a "tip" writes a story that nearly destroys
an individual’s career and personal life.
This action is done without as they say
“checking the facts." A i' ‘ at issue
addressed in this film is the power of the
press, and more importantly the danger of
an irresponsible use of that power. A col-
lege environment often leaves one with a
feeling of distance from such socal issues;
recently however, a situation much like this
movie was acted otrt on this campus.

Unlike the movie this affair involved real
people. i refer to the Yolanda Nix affair iii
which Ms.'l.iebertn:ui, a student tutorial
nid. accused Ms. Nix. associate director of
EOP. of soliciting her to research a paper
for an EOP strirletit.

My concern at this time is not the truth or
falsity of this ticcustitiori. brtt rather the
manner in which it came to light. Ms.
Lieberman for sortie unstritcd tettsori chose
to write ti letter to the ASP containing hci
clititgcs rather than bring her complaint to
the tittcntion of Ms. Nix's superior. Her let—

 

solutions. Unfortunately. FDR chartered a
new course for the nation founded on these
basic assumptions. The direction in which
FDR has led us has resulted in the virtual
adoption of the Socialist Party Platform of
l928 (on FDR's centennial birthday ll of
the i4 planks have been incorporated into
American domestic policy) and the evolu-
tion of intolerable levels of government
spending, taxation and debt.

Among the results of FDR initiatives: a
tax structure that discourages work, pro-
ductivity. savings, investment and in-
itiative; federal spending levels that have

ballooned from $4.7 billion in 1932 to S73l .

billion today; and. a federal debt that has
soared to $1,030 billion today from $l9.5

FDR revealed his political naivetc in the
seven day conference held to determine the
future of postwar Europe. To this day we
are witnessing the impact of FDR's un-
forgivable Icgitimiration of the Soviet
Union’s expanding sphere of in-
ﬂuence—most recently in Poland where a
nation traditionally committed to Western
ideas and influence has become subjected to
blatant Soviet oppression.

These reﬂections form the true FDR
legacy and highlight the need for the FDR
birthday celebrants and all Americans to
fundamentally rethink the federal govern-
ment's legitimate role in the lives of private
citizens, and the obligation of the United

 

States as the leader of the Free World.

tet appeared iii l'rtll iii the (December 4.
I9lil) ASP. Now Ms. Liebertiirtii is free to
write whatever she likes but should the ASP
be in the business of printing potentially
harmful accusations? This demonstrates at
best a reckless disregard for sound jour-
nalistic practices. and at worst a brazen in
sensitivity to all those associated with EOP.

This matter. lio\vc\er. goes beyond Ms.

Nix. By its action ASP basil) maligned
ever yonc associated with FOP; (2) reinforc-
cd racist perceptions that lilrick and
Hispanic students in colleges enter and re-
main by virtue of lowered itctttlcniic strin—
(lands; (3) leaves titre wondering about the
possibility of further incidcticcs of this type.
l'tll instance. imagine ti student had it gripe
with at faculty or stuff member or another
student and were to write ti libelous letter

about this person—would the ASP publish
it'i; (4) raised questions about the possible
csistcncc of tin editorial double standard.

That is would the ASP have been as quick

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 —--.'»val»  

...“... ...—......“ .... w.
mmawwmwwmgwmm
manna... .. m»

leﬁi@f89

 

to publish such a letter if it were directed at
CUE counselors?

On the surface one might see this “holy
affair as resulting from an absence of good
judgement and rush to dismiss this incident
from their mind. However, the ASP has a
relatively experienced staff; thrts one is
compelled to look deeper. in the course of
this look one may di5c0vcr that while much
is absent from the ASP operation, thcrc tip-
pears to be no absence of racism.

— Clifford Thornton

Students Rally
To the am

Since he has been Governor, Hugh (.‘rirey
has recommended numerous dorm rent
hikes and tuition hikes for SUNY. These iri-
creascs have consistently been implemented
year after year because SUNY (‘liriiicellor
Wharton never puts tip a fight for sltltlclits.

On January l9, Governor Citrcy illi-
nounced his proposed budget for 1982-“.
Once again it includes a reeonimendrition
for a $|50 dorm rent hike.

in addition to recommending this dorm
rent hike, Carey has proposed large budget
cuts for the SUNY system. The State Divt
sion of the Budget estimates that SUNY tit
Albany will have to cut thirty-four staff
positions. in actuality. the figure is likely to
be good deal higher.

The Carey budget also includes ri liirge
decrease in money for “maintenance” for
Albany State. Because of this SUNY/\‘s
bus service may be drastically reduced. '1 he
director of the Plant Department. Dennis
Stevens, is even talking about starting to
charge students for the use of SUNYA's
buses.

To protest Wharton's lack of committ-
ment to SUNY students. the State Associa-
tion of the State University (SASU) is plan-
ning a statewide rally and lobby day on
February 16. We will hold the rally tit
SUNY central and will then proceed to the
Legislative Office Building and lobby our
legislators to restore money for SUNY‘s
budget.

if you are interested in helping to
organize this action. please attend the plan.
ning meeting which is scheduled for Thurs-

day, February 4, at 4 pm. in the Strident
Association Office. or call 457.8088 for
more information. it is particularly impor-
tant that representatives from student

 

groups come to this meeting so that we can
unite our efforts.

As the cost of attending college increases.

accessibility to higher education decreases.
SUNY's mission is to provide a low-cost.
quality education for the people of New
York State. We want to keep it that way
1because SUNY is something worth fighting
or.

——Teriiinne Fnleone
Organizing Dirac/or of SASU
—-Annie Ruftery

SA SU ()rgunizing-In/ern

 

Noble Intentions

 

To the Iirlitor:

i would like to entitle lllls lcltcr. "\Vill

you lzici lie Satisfied?“ l'tii uritnit' 1“
'“l‘t‘IN' to on article which appeared lll llli
(December |l.|‘)iil).-l.S'l’crtl|er| "liookstitts
l'itlivics ttrc Questioned." .I\s rr it-iit-u ol
lllill illlls'lL‘. l gritlietcd Ilirit; (l) lllt' lotiut'i
book return policy \\.‘Is it ritistrikr- Illill

lirutir's iuid Noble litis corrected: (3) HIV
newly installed I’iltii deposit is being vhrui'r'd
to enter lti\\t‘\ incirrir-r) In the bookstore
iihcu students don't pick tip their liltii; (ll
lllr' bestsellers discount is either marked on
the book or triken off an the register; (4) lllL'
hooklist lot nest sr‘tttcslct is not completed
hectiusc it must he done by hrvnd. ttnd rilso
lllill tiirtny professors tu:ri iii their book
orders line; (5) The clothing pi ices \ierc \illtl
to be higher than last ycrir. to which lltc
manager. Hank (iill. replied tlitit they nete
ll “stttridtn'd intirk-up." I

 ask the student body of SUNYA this:
\\ Ill yoit ever be satisfied? You complained

tannins.

:rmtcmsrzzmaewm A: -

...: 

as...» as; :

. .  ....ng cuter.

 

about Follcit (i know because i worked for
them). I imagine that you complained when
SUNY ran the bookstore, rind now you are
complaining about Barnes and Noble. Will
you ever be satisfied? I think not. Perhaps
it is your nature to always need something
to complain about.

I worked for the Follett SUNY Bookstore
for almost 1 year. rtiid when Barnes and
Noble won the contract. 1 was asked to re-
mniii on the bookstore staff. l arri now it
full time graduate student. and am no
longer on the Barnes and Noble staff.
When asked to compare the two coin-
punies. which has often happened. i have
always declined. But i will say this. SUNYA
is fortunate to have it service-oriented com-
pany like Barnes and Noble operating the
bookstore. Time after time l'vc seen the
company bend over backwards to help
SUNYA students and pi'ofessots. So be
thankful. SUNYA. and quit your
bellyaching!

— Snsun (iostiell

 

Before Your Time

 

To the Editor:

The new year is ripoti ris. Don‘t write it
off as another drill semester rit SUNYA.
Because society holds us as a group locking
iii self-esteem, most of us will see ourselves
iii that some perspective for at least the rest
of oiir college career. Don‘t let it happen!

There is no good reason why it student
can’t write a best-selling novel, operate his
own business, or become it great musician.
Why wait until we grttdutue to be stic-
ccssful? Do we need a sheepskin as proof
we are capable of setting at goal and achiev-
ing it?

Don't let society define our dreams and
desires. As famed Harvard psychologist
William James said, "The greatest
discovery of my generation is that human
beings can alter their lives by altering their
attitudes of mind." He pointed out that at—
titudes determine life. not vice-verse. It's
our outlook that makes things turn good or
bad. Thus. as we begin any task. it will be
easier or more difficult depending on how
we approach it. Whatever enters the sub-
conscious mind is translated into action.

A burning desire to attain a goal is the
greatest motivator of any human action.
Develop supreme confidence in yourself
and your own abilities. Enter every activity
with a dogged determination to follow
through on your success, regardless of
obstacles.

Opportunity never comes to those who
wait. it is captured. instead. by those of us
who dare to take charge of our attitudes,
and subsequently our actions. Don't let the
label of college student become our attitude
for what could be a dynamic year of http-
pitiess. fulfillment and achievement.

—Ryau R. Stanton

Rodent Roommate

To the lidilor:

This semester definitely strirted off dif-
ferently with something i would have never
expected.

l returned brick frorn ('hi‘isttnris vrtcriiion
only to find i had a new suitenirttc who i
had never met before. He is new. it trritisier
stridctil from the SUNY at .l. 'llirit strinds
for the State University of New York in
.lnrlsberg. l-le's living iii a triple with my
l\\t) suitenitites; Wendy illltl Debbi. lie is
very smart. in fact he just might get it -t.tt
for rnttking his two roommates commit
suicide. (Strange situation, you must be
thinking. A lllM living “llll two lll RS!
But that is the situation.) His name is Mor-
timer lllitl if you lirtven‘t gncssetl b)’ ll”“- ll“
is it mouse: (grey. furry illltl frist; scriuipcr-
ing freely around the room lirriing pretty
much control and reign over the place). Ac-
tually, he is the luckiest male around this
dorm. He live in u co—ed room and often
girls a single without even paying for it.

All futi aside, isn't it time the University
tried to do something about these “cute”

 

©nnnnent

,_,,, ,__., WH i

but pesty rodents? Who knows what
diseases these animals might be carrying. or
what kind of harm they bring with them as
they induce fear on the residents and make
life very unpleasant for the people who
have to live around them. isn't theie some
sort of solution to this otherwise bother-
some problem? Docsn‘t the Public Health
Commission have anything to say about
this danger?

i hope that something will be done short-
ly to rid the residents of the dorms of this
problem and to insure firtiire safety.

——|.lsu M. Cohen

 

Carey Cuts

To the Editor:

Years of continuous cuts in state support
of the SUNY system along with the finan-
cial meat ax of the Reagan Administration
are combining to make SUNY a second rate
institution with a hiin price tag. The dream
of an affordable. quality college education.
available to all residents of New York is dy-
ing.

The l9ii2-l983 state budget raises dorm
rent $l5t) for the third straight year. Gover-
nor Cnrey and SUNY Clinncellor (‘liftou
Whrtrton Ctlll this action self sufficiency for
the dorms. Students in the SUNY system
know it us it Sit) ntilliori cut in state support.
Moreover. the proposed SUNY budget
lettvcs it Site) riiilliori shortfrtll iii rcrpicsterl
funding of other areas. This cut will
translate into it loss of over it thousand
dollars, ltirgc decreases in strident services
and the inability of the University to pro-
vide basic maintenance for its facilities.

You don't have to take it.

Two years ago Governor Carey proposed
a budget which would have eliminated over
two thousand faculty and staff positions
throughout SUNY. However. SASU (The
Student Association of the State University
of New York) and UUP (United University
Professions) mobilized against the cuts and
won every position brick through work in
the legislature.

Success or failure now depends on the
nrrtiiber of people who get involved. The

Albany Student Union. SASU and Strident
Association along with other SUNY schools
tire organizing to stop the cuts. Come to a
meeting of the Albany Student Union on
February 2. at 8 pm. iii Physics 12‘)
(lounge).

There you will get a full briefing on the
SUNY bridget rind whtit you can do to stop
this foolishness. We need organivers. lob-
byists. writers and thinkers—that nicrins
yon—so please come.

 

—-.Iim Tierney
Albany Student Union

 

Cheaters Prosper

To the Editor:

('hcriting. does it occur in this scliool'!
llu. “but it silly question!

in most schools thth is
In this university if you don't c '
something wrong because yoir are not going
with the flow. ll people client and hrivc it
higher ctrrn than you. then they hrivc tut tid-
iis oiitsirlct s are criti—

rtn honor syslctli.
hcut there is

vuuttrgc met you its ltit
certied.

Wouldn't it be it prior 4
multiple choice tests tilitl give cssrty tests! A
stiidctit is not nicusuretl on \iliut he knows
biil \\bc|licr he hits snitir‘t ltictids. 'l his is

ludicrous.

l ideri to cancel

     
   
   
   
 

  

LETTERS

Got it gripe? Don’t just sit
on it, write a letter! Share
your misery with a friend.
Letters may be dropped off
in the ASP office, Campus
Center 329.

  
 
  
 

Wrong Direction

Just yesterday officials in the Reagan administration announced
massive increases in military aid to the junta in El Salvador.

The people of El Salvador are trying to overthrow a corrupt
regime, a regime that time and time again has massacred innocent
peascnts guilty only of trying to survive.

Today, congressmen from all over the nation will submit a
resolution to end aid to the military government of El Salvador.
We strongly urge you to contact your congressional representatives
and let them know that such gross violations of human rights must ‘
not be supported by our government.

Cut Short

Anne won’t be coming back to school next semester.

Not that she’ll be graduating — Anne’s only a sophomore. Anne
can't afford to come back next year.

Governor Carey’s proposed budget will help end the era of
higher education for all, regardless of income. His cutbacks in
state financial aid and insistence that students take on more and
more of the university system’s costs. combined with federal aid
cuts will end many student’s hopes for a college education.

William will be coming back next semester, he hopes. He figures
he should be able to scrape together enough money to stay in
school, for a while at least.

Returning students will face larger classes due to a reduction of
174 faculty positions — at Albany alone. Students forced off cam-
pus by rising dorm ratcs may also be forced to pay for SUNYA's
vital bus service or pick tip the expense of their own wheels.

At a time when a deepening recession makes public education
the only alternative for many, the Governor’s budget ignores the

needs of the state's university. This growing university system
needs a budget that not only keeps up with inflation, but also with
the burgeoning student population.

Like the rest of us, Anne and William want to stay in school.
Carey’s budget will make their effort to learn more of an expense
and less of an education.

 

 

 

;
,As‘rrztt’t‘s‘

Ellen/tutu! In "16

(MN/ (Kt (Malina tnayagzine

Daan Bell. Edllo/ In Chief
David Thanhaunt. Managing Ed/Inr

News Editors .
Associate News Editors
ASPaels Editor . .. . . . ...
Alloellla ASPaets Editor . . . . . . . ..
Vllion Editat . . . . . . ..
Sports Editor .. . .... . .
Associate Sports Editor: ..... .. .
Editorial Page: Editor . . .
Copy Editor .

.. . .... Judto Eleonbatg.Wayno Paataboom
. . . . . .. Both Btlnset. Lisa Mirabella

. . . . . . . . . . . . .. Andrew Carroll

. Michael Brandos

. . . . .. .... Mark Rosslat

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Larry Karin

. Michael Carmen, Matk Gasnot

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . Edan Lovlna

. . . . . . . . . . . . Jack Duracblaq

  
  
 
 

 

 
 

 

Iota: Bob Butlatluto. David Brooks. Ken Cantor. Lotl Cohan. Hayes
Bitl Flﬁcltul, Mark Flachattl. Marc Gesnot, Ronl Ginsberg. Ken Got-
oon. SlltVt! Gosantt. Steven A Groonbetg. Mark Hammond, Marc Has-pol. Dobbin Juduo. Kathy Ktssano. Ctala
Marks. Siisnn Milligan. John Motrin, Madeline Pasauccl. Slavun Poppet. Sylvln Saunders. Barbara Schindler.
Mark Sctiwarr, Betti Sexnr. Susan Smith, Jnsalcri Troadway. Jessica Whlliibook. Spectrum and Events Editor.
Betsy Camptal Zodiac and Ptevlew Editor: Lian Mltabatla

Editorial Assistant: Bruce J Levy Stall wrl
Dansky. Hubutl-Konnetti Dickey. Jim Dixon.

Bonnie Stevens, Business Manager
Jan-I Dtalluls, Adva/tislng Mancgnr
David Nulll Vapko, Stiles Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . Hady Brodor. Judy B. Santo, Katun Satdotl

. Attona Kallowltz
.. Marla Gatbatlno
 . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..DavldW.Bock
Assistant Salon Manager: Frank Joanpti Gil. Jr. A Ing Salsa: Stavon Golden. Andtaw Horn. Mindy
Sctiulninn. John Ttottino. Advertising Production Managers: Susan Kaptan. Dianna Glacola. Advertising Produc»
lion: Michelle Horowitz. Mtitn Mondnlsotin. Ellen Stulntold. Mottssa Waaaetman. Olllce Sl-ll: Jannllat Bloch.

Billing Accountants . . . . . . . , ..
Payroll Suplrvllor . . . . .
Clan-Iliad Manaqat . . . . . ..
Composition Manager

 
 
  
  

 

—Nitnic Withheld Upon Request.

 

Elton Epstoln
David W. Bock. Production Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Carol Bury
chlol Typesettat. .. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pnta~up: Ann Hocti. Carin Satcl Typllll: Judy Amodat. Lynda Bonvenulo, Mary Burke, Marlo Garbatlno.

Soptambut Klaln. Saralyn Luvtnc. Cathie Ryan. Zatt Stahl Chaullaut: Martha Halnot
y Tuesday and Friday during the school year by the Albany Student

totlt corporation. Editorials are written by the Editor in Chief with
blacl to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy does not

The Albany Student l’luss ls published aver
Press Corporation. an independent not-lot-p
mombuts ot the Editorial Board; policy is an
nucaaaarlly tollacl editorial policy.
Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 329
‘400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(618) 457-88921332213389

 

 

  

 

u... ,vv‘~

Luna-..» _.  my; rrzauri..rm»m s. .  

   

_--.-. .... .. . .-~:...W‘_..c..

v .... My.“

 
 
  

 

