v . . W ~ .
. .3“. —- aagwmgago.

'e
r

 

a; ":‘B’E'Mi‘ﬁhf-visne.

.4. ‘

s. 

t

i
It

 

6. Bound & Violon'

Toni Basil’s Babble

“ROI-I

<02 OIIOII'IO}

0r-

tells me there's this girl he wants

me to meet and says she‘s com-

ing to my house that evening. Ftnel Terriftcl

I've )ust moved into this place and l've

barely had the time to get things organized

and put away. and now We got a date with

this girl I know nothing about. So igo run-

ning home and start throwln' junk away. ya
‘ see. anywheres i can find the space.

S ome friend he turns out to be! He

Damian VanDenburgh .

 

’ i run Into the living room. grab a cook book‘
' and slap on the new Tonl Basil album.

Word of Mouth. Then it hits me. — what If
this girl has herpes?! So l'm a little freaked
but I don't give too much thought cuz I
don't have that much time ya.see. So l'm
leafin' through this book tryin' to think of
what kind of food to make when suddeniyi
hear this stupid stamp-clap»stamp beat and
then this whiny gaggle of cheerleaders
squealing "Oh Mickey. your so fine/your
so fine you blow my mind/hey Mickey."
My thoughts of herpes suddenly come
creeping back when I realize who sings this
asslnine song. Owning this album is like
having herpes, You don't want it but rtow
you've got it and you don't know what to
do about it. You certainly aren't going to
tell anyone about it and you know for a fact
that you'll be damned if you're going to
give it to a close friend, So you look at it
and never. ever touch it if you're smart,
Oh. that's right . . . dtnrier. Well let's
see. soup. salad. main course. desert and
an appropriate wine and liqueur for alter
dinner. German food would be up
propriate. What was her name again. Eva
Bratm'.’

Wait a second,

This is "Rock On" originally done by
David Essex. i hated it when it came out
and this version isn't doing much to change
my opinion. This music is really bad.
Sounds like they turned on their syri-
thesizers and left the room to have a
cigarette or shoot up. Gee, she even makes
up lyrics of her own. What a charming little
robotl

Sauerbraten sounds great, So I go rulin-
ing into. the kitchen and l'm chopping let-
tuce and slicing tomatoes and spriiikiin'
flour and water and stuff all over the kit-
chen. At this point l'm maktn' pretty decent
time ya know. i got the table set. the
water's runnin' in the . tub . and
what the hell is this?! "Shoppin' from A to
Z," She means it too. Every letter is hit on
this list. twice. (due to the fact that she loses
the list hall way through the song). From
A. Apple to Z. Zipper. Of course one could
make a comparable list: A. Atrocious: B.
Bland; C. Crass . . well. the list goes on
but. I've got a shower to take. l dive tit and
out in record time arid in doing so miss the
rest of side one. With titles like "You Gotta
Problem" and “Be Still." l have the feeling

 

 

 

 

 

'So l’m ieafin’ through this book tryin’ to think

of what kind of food to make when suddenly I

hear this stupid-clap—stamp beat and then this whiny

gaggle of cheerleaders squealing “Oh Mickey,

your so fine..."

i didn‘t miss too much. Granted l'm pretty
hesitant to go through with it. but i nobly
flip the record OVer and begin the drudgery
of attempting to listen to side two. Alas.
another victim of duty.

Side twa is even worse than side one
(and just when l'd thought I heard a new
high or rather. low in terrible recent music).

- "Nobody" ls Toni Basil's anthem—“Don't

want nobody" she cries to me. OK Toni.
you got a deal. l'll leave you alone if you
leave me alone. in fbct. l'll leave you alone
regardless of what you do

i glance at the clock which tells me that
We got about a hall hour to go until my
blind date arrives. So i freak this time ya
see. cuz i haven't had a date. blind or
otherwise. in about three years, So l'm zip-
pin' around like someone who's backed in-
to a chain saw. casln' the place to see if It's
hallway presentable and the song "Little
Red Book" comes on. it sounds like this
annoying circus music with all these mutant
clowns with three legs and things circling
around chartting "my little red book" over
and over. Then the gorgeous voice of Toni
Basil comes shining through like a nuclear
explosion on a foggy day. l'm really startin'
to get edgy cuz l'm nervous as hell and this
music is really gettin' to me. So I decide to
have a drink to calm my nerves. The place
looks fine. and not to pat myself on the
back or anything. so do i. l pottr myself a
glass. and l'm just sittin‘ down when
“Space Girls" comes on. it's all l can do to
keep from screamin'! i wonder if Toni Basil
listens to Devo's garbage songs. cuz this
sure as hell Sounds like one. It has a beat a
two-year-old could decipher and all the
emotion of a piece of driftwood. i pick up a
Harold Robbins novel and begin reading to
take my mind off this stuff Toni Basil has
spent so much time doing computer pro-
gramming in preparation for.

Ten minutes 'til she shows and now I
can't read a thing cuz i can't sit still. ya
know? “Thief on the Loose" drives me to
the bathroom to relieve myself. Basil never
sounded like Benatar 'til this album. Anti
l've never been so nervous. i open the
cabinet to get something to relax myself.
and all the bottles and razors and things
come bounctn' of the shelves cuz of the
music in the next room. The beat slams the
door shut and knocks the shower curtain

rod off the walls. Water starts spewin' out
from around the base of the toilet and the
shower head bursts out from it's tile base
spraying me with a steady. strong spray of
hot water. At this point l've totally lost it
and stay In the corner under the vibrating
sink until the song ends. As soon as the
fade out begins. action begins to cease and
i take this as my cue. i go runnin' out of the
WC and grab Toni Basil's album Word 0]
Mouth off the turntable before “Time Alter
Time" has an opportunity to do any more
damage, I lift the record up in both hands
over my head. blocking out the lull moon
outside my window. In a twisted forrn of
transubstantiatton. 'i'onl Basil becomes the
Supreme Queen of airliead teclinobop.
and lowering the disc. l break it fit both
hands and place the album in the garbage.

 

 

Both sections slipped in perfectly as if It had
been preordalned.

Oh my God. the doorbell. i take out the
sauerbraten. light the candles and casually
stroll to the door to greet my date.

No. No it's not possible. it's Toni Basill
She smiles at me alluringly. apparently
unaware of the poppy seeds between her
teeth. Fie on her! She's already eaten! She
walks in and is followed by zoundsl?)i It
cannot bei Another and another and
another . . . Suddenly. my apartment is
filled with Toni Basils all in sttnilar dress, 1
am trappedl Suddenly. they all begin to
clap and stamp their feet! No! They are go-
ing through the entire album for me! i run
to the kitchen. smelling something foul and
realize that the sauerbraten has turned a
putrid green. Leafing through the
cookbook to the recipe. it suddenly hits
me, l've forgotten to add basil. The cruel.
sadistic irony of it renders me unconscious.
as l collapse In a heap to a chorus of
"You're so fine. you blow my mind,"

This was a Journal entry of a dream that
Damian VanDenburgh had during his stay
at our institution. He is apparently speaking
to an alter ego of some sort in the telling of
this dream. We published it in Aspects this
week in hopes that you haven't forgotten
him and that you'll all pray for a quick
l t

 

 

recovery

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mr. Ethics

T alking of Brezlinev's death last
week reminded me of Harry
Stein. which reminded me that
the St. Martin's Press has collected a bunch
of columns Stein wrote for Esquire bet-
ween i‘)7‘) and Will and published them
as Ethics (and Other Liabilities). Stein was
a contributing editor of lisqutre when he
was asked to write the monthly "Ethics"
column. "Make a serious point every
month. but stick In some laughs too." he
was. l‘tlilaw. ,. ,

Andrew Carroll

Reluctant at itEt humanist stringent
Philistintsm. Stein instead rose to the task
with style. and his monthly ruminations on
right and wrong (the book is subtitled "Try-
trig to live right in an immoral world")
brought some conscience to a magazine
which all too frequently condones various
aspects of conspicuous Consumption. male
chaiivintsni. and unashained careerlsm
Stein's subjects ranged from adultery (he
thinks it‘s rotten) to gossip (it usually mines
to no good) to ass kissing (his first and
weakest column: Stein admits that it took
the position "that anyone who Sticks up to
superiors is an asshole and that anyone
who doesn't is something of a jackass ")
Stein claimed no credentials other than a
guiding philosophy which he stated in his
ninth column in June of ‘til): “it is simply

that in a society in which moral and ethical '

laissez-faire (otherwise known as ’l-ley. if it
works for you . . .') has been elevated to a
national credo. it had become terribly easy
to lose track of the obvious."

Brezhnev's death and a lunchtime
discussion afterwards brought to mind my
favorite column of Stein's. March 1930's
"On Not Turning the Other Cheek." Like
many others that day. a friend expressed a
touch of sadness at the Soviet leader's
demise. and seemed much too willing to
forgive the mail who unleashed his military
machine on Czechloslovakia in 1968 and
again in Afghanistan in 197‘). whose
political enemies still languish in Soviet
prisons and mental institutions. and whose
sudden shift in policies have made emigra-
tion virtually impossible for thousands of
Soviet Jews. My friends balked at my
heurtlessness. but Stein would agree. at
least on ethical grounds. “that we tend to
forgive and forget — mainly forget — with
a ire uenc that su eats senilit ."

      
  

 

 

 

 

Stein relates how a friend of his refused
to change his opinion of Thurman Munson
even alter the Yankee catcher was killed it]
a plane crash. “He was a son of a hitch

 

 

alive. he was still a son of a bitch when he
was dead," Stein quotes sportswriter Neil
()lfun as saying. The conversation turned
to l liibert Humphrey. and what Stein calls
"the national orgy of wailing and gnashtng
of teeth that had accompanied his final
days," Stein remembers the pre-cancer
politician. the same l'limiphrey who for
four years acted as a cheerleader for the
Vietnam War. who retained an apparent
insensitivity to the horrors of the
Democratic Convention in Chicago. and
equivocated of McCarthyism.

Stein refused to give in to the notion that
forgivtng and forgetting is a virtue. instead.
he says that there are times when it is right
to “remain intransigent" in defense
ideals. The victims of McCarthy's blacklist.
who after (it) years still cross the street
when they see a former colleague who
named names. are Stein's heroes. while
those who seek a "middle ground." a
"quiet consensus." remain villains, There
must be some unexcusable acts left in the
world if we're to retain a sense of purpose.
“There is a fine line between justifiable
anger and pettiness . . . but the principle
remains exumplary." Stein writes. “One
must take a stand. unequivocal and
unswervtng. against what one perceives as
indecent behavior."

And that's what Stein did in his "Ethics"
colutnii. month after month. as he coit-
ttnued to take black and white stands in a
world too often painted gray. We need of
such unequivocal behavior today. and we
need Harr Stein. "

   

 

manta-n trim-Aw‘h‘

 

 
 

 

ne of the highlights of this past
0 summer's first annual Greenwich

Village Jazz Festival was Arthur
Blythe's week-long appearance at the
Village Vanguard. Backed by the quintet
referred to by Blythe as "the guitar band".
the portly alto saxophonist roared through
set after set of original and excitingiy
modern music, Blythe is one of the real
gems in the CBS stable of Jazz stars and. as
such. is afforded enough promotional help
to bring his music to the attention of the
jazz-listening public. And it's a good thing
because each of his live CBS releases since
l979. including the new Elaborations.
have combined Blythe's unique style as
composer and leader. with inspired playing
by a host of prominent sidemen, to pro-
duce music which has to be regarded as
some of today's most important modern
Jazz.

Larry Rader

 

Efaborattons features the same quintet
that appeared at the Vanguard. The group i
has the unusual Instrumentation of alto
sax. tuba. cello. electric guitar. and drums.
Blythe calls it "the guitar band" to
distinguish It from his other group. "in The
Tradition". in which he is backed up by the
conventional rhythm section of piano.
bass. and drums. That group consists of
Fred Hopkins and Steve McCall. the bassist
and drummer frorii the group "Air". along
with pianist John Hicks. in addition to an
album called in The Tradttlon. on which
the group plays mostly jazz standards. the
quartet can be heard on illusions and
Blythe Spirit. Released in 1980 and 198)
respectively. these two albums divide the
vinyl between Blythe's two bands, One of
the remarkable aspects of Biythe's music is
how smoothly songs. originally written for
the quartet (such as "Miss Nancy" from illu-
stuns). have been rearranged to fit the in-
strumental format of "the guitar band" for
live performance.

The success currently enjoyed by Arthur
Blythe ls klrid of a new thing for the sax-
ophonist from San Diego. California. who
started playing alto when he was nine.

.. an“ . ,..,.>,~.',,,._ 

 

Alter moving to New York in 1974. at the

can still remember when i used
I to go dropping with my mother at
our local grocery store, within
seconds i would be rooted iti my favoiite
spot in front of the books and magazines
There. while she pushed ltt'l r'ntt past the
rows of fruit and vegetables. my chubby lit-
tle hands would wrap themselves about
that week's issue of Tales of Terror or
whatever stiiiilai material l t'uttitl find Hall
with dilight and half with dread I would
pour over those stories of ghosts and the
undead until they chased ine thioiigh my
iiiglittiiaies ltllL‘l’illl‘rll‘llil’ it“ 7  _ 
Lisanne Sokolowski
with
Metin Ulug
Bill the itﬁlﬁﬁid in" him; frightened by
those stories was well worth the price of
bad dreams at night. Naturally then. when I
heard that my favorite author of the
macabre. Steven King. (The Shining. (Tar-
rie. Cuio. etc.) and the infamous George
Romero (director of the Night of the Living
Dead) were collaborating on a movie
dedicated to the tradition of those very
comics. i couldn't wait to see it. When i
finally got the chance to see it tip at
Latham’s Cinema Seven l was disap-
pointed. Kind of like going on a blind date.
and expecting the girl to be plump but flit-
ding that she's obese. Creepshow wallows
in excess from the beginning.
(iuorgu liomero discredits himself with a
movie whose campy style and editing can
)Itly fall back on its cast and a few token

 

 

 

 

(
shock eff ' :ts for merit at all. There is a fine
_________.._._..—-—-____T_

age of thirty-four. Blythe worked as a
security guard at a Manhattan porno club.
trying to save enough money to bring his
wife and three kids to the east coast. Mean-
while. Blythe was earning a reputation as a
musician. working with the likes of David
Murray and Chris Tyler. until he was of-
fered a job in drummer Chico Hamilton's
group. with whom Blythe subsequently
recorded and toured. Blythe has since
played in the groups of Oil Evans. Lester
Bowie. and Jack DeJobnette. and. in addi-
tion to the five CBS albums. has led his
own hands on records released by lndia
Navigation and Adeiphi. two independent
thZZ labels.

Efaborntions opens with the album's title
track. in which Blythe immediately
establishes his alto sax prowess. Watching
Blythe play. it is easy to envision Charlie
Parker; the robust Blythe plays his alto with
the vigor and intensity that is
characteristically Bird-like. But listening to
his solos. one is often reminded of John
Coltrane. whom Blythe acknowledges as
his major influence. Blythe's playing
features the Coltrane traits of extending the

Scary Monsters And

line between mastering scare tactics and
treating tenor Romero succeeds in scaring
thtI audience on occasion. but it doesn't
leave you with the type of enduring fear of
the dark like Poltergeist or Ghost Story.
More than once the primarily young nu
thence jumped nervously. but when the
lights came on all they did was laugh.

The geneial framework is a series of five

vignettes with rtii introduction and conclu-
sion, in one of the stories author Steven
King manages to make a complete fool of
himself in his acting debut as a stupid hillbil-
ly who is infected with a mossy covering by
a meteorite that happens to land in his back
yard. He never calls for assistance. and the
story is as implausible and stupid as King's
character.
Most of the vignettes have no particular
resolution. they were imaginative ideas but
poorly developed. There are two stories of
revenge by the living dead. a furry meteor.
an attack by cockroaches. and an uniden»
tilted monster from the arctic. Most of the
stories depend on unnecessary gore and
special effects to maintain any sort of ex~
cttement level.'l'he pacing was quick with
the stories mercifully short but over-all it
was substandard quality with cheap shock
effects,

The saving grace of the movie is the
fourth vignette. called The Crate. Classic
cliche storyline" college janitor finds an old
box from an itifili's Arctic expedition. the

crate is opened and a demonic wolfish
fiend starts gobbling everyone in arm's
reach. or less once the arm is gone. Cross
The 'l'liingwlth The Wot/man and a jack-tn-
the-box and you begin to get the idea.

 nudism  ~- .» n .t .: ~ .

 

 

 

MW.“ Waamw-  _. .

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
       

upper register of the horn, while also ex-
tending the length of the solo to marathon
proportions. Even the shortest songs on his
album become 10-15 rntnute numbers in
concert. because of the freedom of each
band member to explore his improvisa-
tional ideas for as long as he likes. The se-
cond solo on Elaborations belongs to
guitarist Kelvyn Bell. who plays lead guitar
in a style which is truly unique. Elabora-
tions is Bell's second album with the group
since replacing James Blood Ulmer. who
played on two Arthur Blythe records.
Kelvyn Bell splits his working time between
Blyihe's group and the New York City
dance group. Defunkt.

"Metamorphosis" provides tuba player
Bob Stewart with a chance to solo. To real-
ly appreciate Stewart's contribution to the
group. his rhythm work on the whole
album must be checked out; but on his
solo. he shows why he is one of the most
sought after gig men in New York. Stewart
plays around town almost constantly with
many different bands. He recently produc-
ed a concert where some seven or eight
tuba players got together with an all-star

This segment also has the movie's best
acting performances. Hal Holbrook plays a
beniin old English professor bullied by a
loud mouthed-drunkembarrassment of a
wife played by Adrienne Barbeau
(remember Maude's daughter?) With all
respect to Ms. Barbcau you will absolutely
hate her consummater bitchy character.
Arid wait 'till you see what l‘lolbrook does
with her (belt. heh. heli).

The 'I'irfeand Father's Day are classic
returning dead revenge themes. Scary.
yes. story no. But if you'ld like to see how
photography director Michael Gornlck
recreates flesh that's been rotting tn the
ground for 35 years or corroded with sea
salt and algae then there is some merit to
the filming.

E.G.Marshall. one the the grandfathers

cond l vlolol ‘ 1.

.irhythm section. along with some guest
' soloists (including Blythe).

;of jazz playing. "Metamorphosis" is also a
showcase for the drumming of Bobby Bat-
tle. a powerful percussionist who formerly
worked in the group "Warriors" with Don
Pullen. Chico Freeman. and Fred
' Hopkins. Battle's playing on all of Elabora.
ttons is crisp and driving; his contribution to
the rhythmic flow of the group's music ts
immeasurable. especially in light of the
band's lack of a bass player.

Side two of Elaboration: opens up with
.the only song on the album not written by
Blythe. the old standard "One Mint Julep".
The song is handled at a rapid pace. with
both Blythe and Bell delivering playful
. solos. "Shadows" is next. a beautiful com-
position scored for the trio of Blythe.
Stewart. and cellist Abdul Wadud. Wadud
is another band member who is thoroughly
in demand for his session work. A true
workaholic. he brings his unique sound to
the most recent albums by pianist Anthony
Davis. saxophonist Julius Hemphill. and
flautist James Newton. Wadud displays his
remarkable improvisational skills on the
album's final piece. an eleven minute
number entitled "The Lower Nile", during
which the cellist plays an extended solo.

Elaborations may be Arthur Blytlie's
most satisfying album as leader of “the
guitar band". in addition to Its musical at-
tributes. the album is one of the best soun-
ding jazz releases to date. it was recorded
digitally. becoming the second Blythe
release to employ that form of modern
recording technology (Blythe Spirit was the
first). Always concerned with clear sound.
in 1979 Blythe supervised the recording of
in The Tradition. and kept the sides to less
than eighteen minutes. a clarity trick he
says he learned from observing disco
mastering. Arthur Blythe's music is. at

<92 OIIOII'IOD

 

once. accessible. original. and undeniably
modern, Blythe expands on his many in-
novative ideas. while never losing touch
with the lazz tradition. Perhaps this explains
why his music is enjoyed and accepted by
fans of both old and new tan. Elaboratlons.
the latest manifestation of Arthur Blythe's
musical vision. can be undisputedly herald-
ed as one of 1982's finest jazz releases. fl

 

    
 

Super Creeps?

of radio horror. plays a mean. eccentric
billionaire. who is obsessed with living in a
germ-free environment in his New York
penthouse apartment (a joke in itself).

They're Creeping Up on You is dull. dull.
(lull untli Romero reverts to an unexplain-
ed close-up of the cockroaches bursting
through Marshall's skin just like Allen.

Just as a dime-store comic can't be con-
sidered fine literature. Creepshow isn't a
good movie. it looks as if it were made for
television. kind of Steven King does Laue
Boat material. Like a comic book the
characters remain two-dimensional and
never lift themselves to real life. Creep-
show was a good idea with amazing pro-
rnlse but like the characters in the movie.
maybe it was better off dead. if]

 

 

 

i.
3'
r;

‘---~‘"..~..c_... w . . \

 

