 
  
  

 

r
r
r
1

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 3. I982

 

By Marc Haspel
SPORTSEDITOR
Alfred. N. Y.

The plot could not have been
written more dramatically. it was
the classic tale of the struggling
player turning hero in a single ins-
tant. it was the story of the Albany
State Great Danes' 10-7 victory
over the Alfred University Saxons
Saturday afternoon.

The setting was Merrill Field in
Alfred. New York and the tin-
suspecting hero was played by Dane
.place kicker Tom Lincoln. His
fourth field goal attempt of the day
just cleared the crossbar 40 yards
away to give Albany its eventual
three-point margin of victory. Lin-
coln had missed on three other oe-
casions but his final boot erased
that earlier misfortune earning him
the appropriate label of hero.

“1 like to keep everyone in
suspense," Lincoln kidded after the
game.

"On the final one. I was concen-
trating. keeping my head down and
trying to drive the ball." he
reflected. “All day l was putting
pressure on the holder (Tom Roth)
and the snapper (Rich Macci) and
they came through."

“It always feels good to win."
said a happy head coach Bob Ford.
The Danes defeated the Saxons for
the first time in three meetings lif-
ting their record to 5-2. Alfred was
last year's New York State
representative in the NCAA
playoffs.

Albany tried to open the scoring
early on the Saxons. Ed Eastman,
who has played superb defense
since standout defensive tackle Jim
Canfield injured ligaments.
recovered a fumble by Saxon Gary
Foti on the Alfred 29-yard line.

Quarterback Torn Pratt made his
first appearance in two weeks after
a pulled hamstring muscle kept him
out of action against Norwich the
week before. in his first series. he
handed off twice to John Dunham.
who carried the ball only five yards.
Pratt then tested his well-rested arm
but threw an incomplete pass to

A host of

By Mark Gessner

ASSOCM TE SPORTS EDITOR

 

Last year it was the second big-'
gest collegiate wrestling tournament
in the East. This year. over 250
grapplers are expected to par-
ticipate. it’s the Great Dane
Classic, a tournament in which the
Albany State men's wrestling team
is not only the host but the defen-
ding champion as well.

“in terms of quality. we pro-
bably have some of the best
wrestlers in the East.” said Dane
Head Coach Joc DeMeo. The
Classic draws representatives from
Division 1. ll and ill schools.

in what could have easily been
called an upset. the Division 111
Danes narrowly outscored Division
1 Boston University to win last
year's tourney. DcMco admitted
that “it's going to be very htird for
us to defend out title."

Wadc (icnovu. a member of the
second place Boston team and now

split end Bob Brien. On fourth
down. Ford called upon the hero of
the story. Lincoln. to attempt a
4i-yarder. Just as the kicker sank
his foor into the ball. potential All-
Amcrican Saxon safety Brian
O'Neil formally introduced himself
by batting the ball back down to the
turf.

After Alfred failed to gain a first
down on their following possession,
the Danes went back to work. The
drive commenced under a gloomy
note for Albany as Pratt tried an
option run on second down. He
gained three yards. but was hit hard
and apparently aggravated his pull-
ed hamstring muscle. '

Ford sent in his leftlianded
thrower. Eric Liley and the reserve
took command. “Liley did a lot of
good things in there." commented
Ford of the junior quarterback.
who tossed for 95 yards.

Under Liley the drive stalled. Brit
Ford gambled on fourth down. The
coach called a fake punt which
worked perfectly as Doug Carins
found a streaking Ray Priore for a
key ll-yard first down gain. Liley
then handed off to runningback
Dave Soldini for a short gain and
followed by hitting Brien for an ad-
ditional eleven yards and a ﬁrst
down. The Danes moved down to
the Alfred 12-yard line.

On fourth down. Ford sent out
his field goal unit for a seeming se-
cond try. But again Ford had
devious ideas in his mind and
signaled for a fake attempt. Roth.
the unit's holder. took the snap
and. just as he began to run. was
trapped for an 11-yard loss by Sax~
on outside linebacker Jeff Galvin.

"I didn’t know fake until Roth
looked up to tell me. What l’m sup-
posed to do is check the defense to
see which way its going. I'm sup-
pose to call it and 1 just called the
wrong way.“ said Lincoln.

The defense remained very strong
in spite of the absent Canfield. lt
continually held the Alfred offense.
a bit weaker than it was last year. in
check. “it's been a lot of pressure
because we don't have the depth.”

Said Manny Cauchi who along with
Frank Gallo have been sharing the
defensive tackle position vacated by
Canfield. “Frank (Gallo) and 1 did
very well today."

But the Danes. still suffering
from the problem that has plagued
them in recent weeks. could 'not
capitalize on the excellent field posi—

.tion provided by their defense.

Law. the Saxon quarterback, con-
nected with wide receiver Matt
Sullivan for an 11-yard gain. After
Mike Schnster and Bob Pictrosrinto
each took turns carrying the ball.
Law found the former near the
Albany goal line. On third down.
fullback Stefan Cslgay completed
the mini-drive as he bolted into the
end zone for the score.

 

 

wiLL vunmm UPS

Tom Roth shown in an earlier game toad Albany on Its winning
scoring drlve Saturday against the Alfred Saxons.

Albany took the ball over on its
own 43 yard line and. by virtue of
two long passes from Liley to wide
receivers Pete Mario and Pete
McGrath respectively. Liley
brought his team down to the
Alfred 23-yard line. Again Ford
ed upon Lincoln and the unlikely
hero performed his role fittingly
missing the 40~yard attempt.

The Saxons finally broke the 0-0
deadlock early in the second
quarter. Liley, looking for Brien.
threw the ball into the awaiting
arms of defensive back Mike Arm-
strong. it was Armstrong‘s second
interception of the game. Alfred
took over on Albany’s 28-yard line.
Foti gained two yards and Glenn

The Danes quickly responded to
the Saxon tally. Starting on their
own 22-yard line. the Danes moved
78-yards on six plays to tie the
game. Liley began the march by
scampering 21 yards on first down.
He followed that run with a 36-yard
strike to Mario. Three plays later
the Danes used their patented split-
end reverse option play. Marlo took
the hand off from Liley and found
right end jay Ennis dashing into the
end zone for a 20<yard touchdown
play.

“We practice that all the time."

said Marlo. “We wait for a good

time when we catch them off guard.
Jay (Ennis) runs good patterns."'
17>

L__ii_1c01n ’s dramatic field goal upsets Alfred 10-7

Buffalo next

If unidentified flying objects are
reported over University' Field
Saturday. don’t panic. They'll pro-
bably be footballs ﬂying from one
end of the gridiron to the other.

The high powered University of
Buffalo Bulls lead by the prolific
passing of potential All-American
quarterback Marty Barrett visit
Albany to take on the Danes.

Last week the Bulls lost a tough
one to Norwich 20-15 to drop their
record to 4-3. Btit despite the loss
the team threw for 350 total yards.

Barrett has already thrown for
over 1000 yards even though he was
forced to miss the middle three
games of this season with u
separated shoulder. Before his in-
jury, Barrett was leading the nation
in total offense. Last season the
6‘2" l90-pound Buffalo native also
enjoyed a banner year passing for
over 2500 yards.

Barrett's backup is not too shab-
by a passer himself. Ken Hyer. also
a Buffalo resident. is a lefthander
who has thrown for over 1000 yards
this season as well.

“He stepped in and did a real
good job against Canisius. He com-
pleted his first eleven passes of the
game,” Dane assistant coach Kevin
Karwath said.

Karwath expects the Bulls to in-
terchange both passers during the
course of the game.

There can not be successful pass-
ing without successful receiving.
The Bulls have three fine receivers
in Chris D’Amico. Jim Stojak and
halfback Pat Whitehead.

Whitehead leads the team in the
receiving category with 39 catches
for 396 yards. He is also the team's
leading rusher.

The Bulls have a lot of experience
defensively. Their entire starting
front four consists of seniors an-
chored by 6’0" 270-pound Gary
Brown. “He's been their top defen-
sive lineman." Karwath said.

17>

champions atthe Great Dane Classic

an assistant coach for the Danes,
said Boston might prove to be
especially tough this season. “This
is the first year Albany will be going
against Boston in dual meet com-
petition. The tourncy will give an
idea of what's to come. it should
add some extra rivalry." Genova
said.

it’s going to be hard for the grap-
plers to repeat many of the marks
they accomplished in the 1981-82
season. A final record of 17-3-1. a
twelfth place finish in the NCAAs,
and a total of three All-Americans
were amongst the wrestling records
set last year. Team captain Vic
Herman also provided an individual
record totaling more career wins
than any other grappler in Albany
State history.

llerman. who won the
heavyweight title in the Classic a
year ago, will be one of the strong
returning threats the Danes will
have for Saturday’s tournament.

Andy Seras. Spero Theol‘rlatos.
and Dave Averill will probably be
Albany's other chief contenders.

Seras is a two time All‘American.
a two time SUNYAC champ. and a
defending title holder in the Classic.
Theofilatos is an All-American and
a SUNYAC champ. and Averill. a
sophomore, is an All-American.

Other wrestlers DeMeo said to
watch out for in_ this year's Classic
include Harvey Striulters. Rob
Spagnoli. Ed Gleason, Al Marwill.
Stu lirzidish. Doug Slater. Mike
Vrirrnettc. and John Denn.

“This Saturday is the real test.
As far as l am concerned our season
starts here." sitid DcMco. “Tour-
nauieuts like this are the proving
grounds."

The Classic begins at 10:30 Sutur-
day morning in Uttivcrsity Gym.
Syracuse University. New England
College. and Boston University are
represetititive of the competition on
display. fl

 

 

 

 

 

LAURA BOBTICK UPS

AllsAmarlcan wrestlers Spero Theofllatoa (left) and Andy Seras
. prepare for the Great Dane Clasalc.

 

  
  

      

 

 

“31754.0.

W"!

 

 

    

‘1
4A Alh‘kh

VOLUME LXI-X

, .._MM..."..H-wmmtunmvm.mw1mll. .

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK .AT'ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

3 Tuesday

November 9, 1982

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

    

NUMBER 35

 

Rally demands release of starving Scharansky

 

Mary Itelh Pulsifer

 

Over 50 students rrrllicrl iii front of the
Campus Center ycstcrdriy shouting "Free
Sliarrinsky now!" to urge the release of
Anaton Sharansky. a Russian prisoner of
conscience who is on his 43rd day of a
hunger strike in prismt.

At the rally which continued at the
Capitol two hours ltllCl'. spct kcrs expressed
their views of Sharnnsky rind described the
plight of the Jews in the Soviet Union.

Mark Friedland. organizer of the rrilly.
siiid Sliuransky’s struggle for freedom
bcgzin in 1973 when he submitted it formal
application for it visa to Isrticl. llis applica-
lion was repeatedly denied on the grounds
thrit he ths in “possession of classified iri-
I'oi'niution.” since he worked as a computer
programmer iii the Moscow Rcscrircli luv
stiiutc for Oil and (iris.

A press iclctisc oti Shriruusky maintains
“it is a known fact that the Institute in
which he worked was unclassified."

The day tiftcr his marriage itt 1974.
Slirir'rinsky's wife wits forced to lciivc the
Soviet Union. She is presently in Jerusalem
where she has “spearheaded ll world wide
cl‘fort on his behalf.“ When he was refused
his right to ctuigrttlc. hc joined other
Rcfuscnits.

in 1977 he was sentenced to 13 years for
trcrisori to u Soviet prison crimp."
l-iicdlund said. Shiirrinsky sun'ch his
luiiigcr strike riftcr Ihc Sorictx icl'uscd him
\isiting rights rind lcttcrs from his firinily.
"Hhirrriiisky iic\cr coiiipromiscd his soul
c.\cn iil'tci llllL‘tll ol dcutli." l‘llk'tlldlltl
iiotcd.

Murry spctikci‘s wcrc npsct with the siniill
turnout of tlic riilly. Rrilibi Kohl ol' ()Iiiii‘
Slniloni suid. “ l hc plitposc of this rally is
.ix much for us to rcniiiin silcnt is ai crinic we
commit. \Vc utc lrcic to L'l) iiloird for our
own \ttkc :rnd Sinrruiisky's.“ llc contiiiucd
by Iris disappointment coucciiiirig the small
turnout by saying “Wlicri it coincs dowti to
doing something we don't scc than kind of

 

   

 

;_

Balltgziﬂgllalr} V I3 iii
Milli

Smithy

 

(Instr/minted at the
small Iurnuut Ihul
('lllflL‘ to support
Sltrrrrursky. now
on his 43rd (lily of
a hunger strike.
()Ilt.‘ rpm/(er err/led
the Soviet govern-
nrwrl the “Single
greatest enemy of
Iht' Jewish corn-
rnunt‘ly. "

 

effort on the part of students." he sriitl. He
urged students to call ripon the University
Senate to adopt resolutions on belirilf ot'
Shurrinsky.

(ileu Moncs. co-l'oundcr of Ruvisionisl
Zionist Alternative was also upset over ilic
snirtll turnout. Looking around tic aiskcd
“Where (“'0 rill the Jewish students? .lcos
have to get iingry tllltl dciiioristriitc thcir
ringer. l'lrcy lirivc to \tl)’ to [flu Hoiici
llriion liltll its long ris lift!) are going to
work tit-iiiitst tlic .lcus. tlic .lcus .‘itc going to
work .iguirist tlictii." llL'\1|lll,

Main) ol llic spcnkcrs L‘lllDiliHl/L‘ti Ilic iii-
iiisticcs tlrc ,lcns srilfct ltl Russia. |)r, Stcic
Wininnllcr. president of the (Hunter
.-\|brin_\‘ .lc\\isli l‘L‘thlillittll rind (’lriiiruiiiu of
thc llunizrn Rights ('oniniittcc Nilltl, "'I'lrc
Sovict govcrmncnt is tlrc single giciitcst
enemy of rhc .Icnislt ctitlttltttllity.”

llc \ilitl Shruriusky “its symbolic of the
four million prisoners who will birild tlic

HE‘SOVI ~_

 

       
   
 

El:
rare

5 O
1%;

pipeline from l€iist Europe to West liurope.
"l‘lic irony of it is. the rest of the world
:issuiucs the pipeline is it suvior. Actually.
the pipeline is being built with huntiin
blood." \Vinnuillcr added.

Rulibi Kohl tilso spoke out against the
Sovict‘s ticiitrncrit of Jews. llc stiid that tlic
.lcos tlircritcti to undermine the society of
Rll\\lll. "'l'hc So\ict dream] is to \iipc otit
tlic .lL‘\\lsll coiuiinitiil) licrirt illltl will." he
\illtl. rind :uldcd “Nit/ism sought to c\tcr-
lllllIillL‘ oiri lttldir's. lllt' Soiiclx scck to c\-
tctniinartc oiii souls,"

llic \lt‘C picsidcnt ol R/A. ,lcll’
Sclinlnirinntic ymc llic rcrrsons for tho
group's .ILiI\C positiorr.“\\'c nrc Itctt'
llL‘L‘ilth‘ onc of our pcoplc is dying .iiid \vc
uon‘t let him die in \llL‘llL‘L‘. iii \\’\\‘11 \\c lcl
otit pcoplc dic iii ~rlcticc, chci rigititt." lic
sriid.

liitci ill tlic ('rrprtol. tlic l'rllllt'H cluintcd.
"l icc Sliruiinski non!" flit-y \illtl prriycis
lllltl gin c iiiitl lislcncd to niotc spccchcs. At

one point. Russian flags were burned.

 
    

ED MARUBSICN UPS

Assemblyman Richard Connors gave a
\ch‘L‘ll declaring no lurriiuri being is free un-
til till rirc frcc tllltl congratulated the group
for being ticthe,

For the test of the night. the group plann-
cd tin itll night \igil consisting of services.
spccirrl prrocrs itiltl learning sessions. "By
doing these things in: rcril'firm our solidari-
I_\ \\i|ll tlic pcopic of Russia." Mones stiid.

kcitli Sharron. RZA rncuibcr. explained.
"\\ c do tlic learning \Ussittll in their name
oucc n is it right lens in Russia can't do
lllL‘lllxcht'S.” lic sriirl. llic \ igil “(is suppos-
cd to Lid uriiil io:oo run.

the lit“) nus sponsored by RZA in
t'tiiipi'ldlttill\\ill1.lSC'lllllCl-“Kll'ltl.chl‘y'N
l‘roicct Rcfuscnik “in hopes to raise the
consciousness of the campus and local
,lcnisli L‘tillllllllllll) its to the plight of
Sluirrinsky tllltl Socict Jews in gcncritl.“ said
R/.-\ prcsidcnt Stcic llilsctittillt. ’

Students turn out to vote in record numbers

   

' ' By lleitli r: a u
will “RI/IN 77

Lost week's lilcction l):iy di'cw ovcr
1.001) SUNYA students out to mm with up-
pro\iruiircly 2511-100 sltitlcltls using the SA
vun shuttle to get to polling plnccs. sriiil SA
President Mike ('oiso.

llo\\c\cr. \UlllC stridctits \\lio liiincd out
to vote (it the ('luit'cli liilll polling PhlL’C

 

 

 

 

WILL YUliMAN uvs
SA President MlkaICorso

"Very flil/l/‘t‘t‘st'tr/‘n lrt'Vt'olvr turnout.

tans r-r zer- -r-t- ':

\icic dcnicd. according to ('liuicli llilil
Democratic L‘otiiniittccrurrn Billy ('ur'l. Ap-
prminirrtcly ltlti Alunirii Qlliltl rcsidcnts cn-
couiucicd difficulty bccriirsc lltc) lisicd tlic
nptouu campus address on their rcgistrri-
tiorr curds. lic sriitl.

(‘rirl c\plirincrl Iliiit students who were
improperly icgistcrcd iit ('liiircli llrill \\cic
L'lllIL'l sciil to other polling pluccs or gi\cn
pilpL‘l lriillots to iisc. llouctci‘. hc t)l1\L'l\L'ti
Illill \L‘\L'l'ill sttitlcnts liiilcd to \otc bcctttisc
of thc llli\lllltlcf\lillltillltl. llc riddcd that
“student votci‘ ltitnont “its hcrivy this
year."

(‘orso noch that at St, Margaret Marty's
School. the polling place for students
registered in Albany County. ill least 400 of
tlic tolzil 872 voters were SUNYA students.
He said he is "very iruprcsscrl" with the tur-
nout and that “it's the best turnout \vr"\'c
ever had."

Corso felt the elections went smoothly
Tuesday. “The Democratic prirty commit-
tccuicii and ward iiicriibcrs llttVL‘ been very

coopcr'ritivc. understanding and helpful in'

tmiking it possible for rill students to vote.“
lic said.

l-scculivc ViL‘cAl’tcsidcttl ol' SASU Scott
chlcr attributed the huge sludcnt voter
turnout to the illlDUI'lililL't‘ of :i giibci‘»
niitoriril clcction tllitl tlic on-czirnpus
publicitv for student voter registration.

Although tlic iii.ijority of student \olcis
lll'C IL'tll\lL'lt'ti Democrats. \\'c.\|ci' siiid
Dcmocrritic purl) officials \tcrc surprised in
thc :ippiriciit \\ltlL'\Pl‘L'ilti stridciit support
lot L tromo.

\\ c\lct. \\|io dioic oric of lllt.‘ SA \irtis
liicsilri). c\pl.iiticd the use ol the voting
Illttclllllm to his prissciigcrx. runny of whom
\\crc ncn \otcis. \\'c\lci siiid ltc nits
“psyched” iibout tltc ytudcm \otcr tiiriioirt

.lolrri Stuntitulski. one student who voted
for l L‘llllllilll. c\|\|tlitlctl he likes Lchrrnan‘s
basic itlL'tIs. llc ttlsti fell. "1 chrinun's pro—
tittsv‘tl lcgislinion to cornpcrisutc victims of
crime is long oictrluc.”

Although |lli|ll_\ students did get out and
\otc Ill this clcctiou. sonic rcrnrriticd
tipntlictic riboiit tlic \oting procc~~
(’iirolinc Scskin. who ruled by ribscn‘. .-
bullot stud. “\\'c don‘t have to think about

.11 /)/)I‘t).\‘llll(llL’/_ v I00 Alumni Quad residents encountered
(/f/Jlt'll/l)‘ because they listed the uptown campus on their
registrar/mt cards:

and than he liiid drircn at “steady flow" of
students rill day.

Many students sriid they were eligible to
vote lust ycrir but "didn‘t bother."
llowcvcr‘. SUNYA student Mutiny Mullicw
csplttincd. "lt‘s iriipottiint to vote in Ilu'v
election because it gtibct'nritoriril r'rtcc dirch-
ly ril't'ccts New York Sttitc rind thci'cl'orc
illl‘L'L‘ll)’ til'l'cvts SUNY students.“

Very few students interviewed kucw
tittrcli riboui tlic locnl criudidutcs. Most
students said the) suppottcd ('uoino
Dl'llllill‘ll)’ because he has said he will push
for student aid.

. "humus. g. _ «

clcctions now bccziusc wc'rc students rind
wc have to concentrate on our tests."
'l‘iicsdtiy‘s students voter turnout was the
culiiiinrttion of several months of work by
NYI’lRti. SASU. SA. Strident Union. and
thc ()ff—(‘tiinpus Associinion. Tltc five
organii/ritioiis noikcd togctlict' to err-
conriigc studcnt voter registration. Leaflets
\\crc prisscd otrt bcl'oi'c clcctions telling
students “lien and where to vote. rind pro-
vided it listing of the criiididutcs running for
catch ol'l'icc. Additioruilly. chlcr estimated
llltll about 500 phone culls were niridc on
'l‘ticsdrt) reminding students to vote. 1 l

i~.a-.4wo..~nr.t)..;tgrr...1.. Jr’s :....-...._...._...r~-r;- .

 

   

 

 

 

-NEV, ...H - _ _ _

’4’

u

