  
 

  

  

  
   

“ om: minnow)

a
B

N33"

 

4—
-‘_;

44-.-

No nukes, family farms, save the Wha

 

I WANT YOU
TO THINK

BEFORE YOU REGISTER
FOR THE DRAFT

X978

y parents were both out ot town that week. sol
erad the car to myself I'd been used to walking or

getting a ride the two miles to rrry high school.
and I was glad that I had the wagon for the whole week.

ldon't remember what the reason was. but President .

Carter was stumping through Des Moines on a tour of
the midwest. He wasn't in town for long ~- lie just stop-
ped in at a motel across Fleur Drive from the municipal
airport to meet with some Democratic Party lreavies.
Carter got his first national attention after doing very
well in the '76 Iowa caucus. and I suppose he had to
pay his respects.

Dean Betz .
mana’eﬁ'mrrarseweragség‘gam
could join a demonstration across the street from the
motel. I‘ve known Dennis since my family moved from
Pennsylvania to lowa when I was in sixth grade. He
taught me to appreciate Dylan. Rolling Stone. and
generally helped me expand my brain. .

There was a small crowd of about (if) people gathered
to demonstrate in honor of Carter's visit. For Iowa. that
was a big demonstration. The group was a mix that
you'd probably not lirrd anywhere else. There were
farmers from the American Agriculture Movement. and
people from Greenpeace who. walking across the court-
try. happened to be in town that day. I came to join
some people front Citizens United for Responsible
Energy. a local antinuclear group I'd done some work
with before.

The Air National Guard had a base in the airport. and
took the opportunity to show off its equipment. A dozen
helicopters sat on the edge of the field near the motel.
About every lrslf hour. a flight of A-7I) (iorsair jets
would take off with spurious amounts of power and

' noise. The military alirrosphere was strengthened by

police with rifles all over the roof of the motel

Movement politics in Iowa meant instant coalition
building. When an anti-nuclear rally of Ztltiti people was
considered a great achievement. people of varying
political opinions quickly ignored differences and found
common ground. I remember building a float for a
parade with people ranging in ideology from revolu-
tionary communism. libertarianism. Republican
capitalism. and Catholic Worker pactftsm.

 

 

We quickly joined the Greenpeace people. slowly
charrttrrg “No Nukes. Save the Whales." After a while.
the lotier AAM added to the chant. "No Nukes. Family
Farms. Save the Whales."

Driving back to school the tape player destroyed the
only copy of Zappa's Freak Out I've ever owned. Den-
nis shrugged his shoulders.

1970

l was almost nine years old. Two memories stand out
strongest in my mind frorn this time ~ TV body counts
and Kent State.

At the time. my farrrily lived not too far from Kent. in
northern Ohio On May 4 the local paper ran an
editorial page cartoon of a Pentagon bureaucrat holding
a clipboard riding into a Vietnamese Village on a tank.
The caption read somethtng like. “Now get me a good.
high body count." After hearing about the killings at
Kent. my brother took a pencil and drew a gate over the
entrance of the village reading. “Kent State University."
A few years later. he registered for the draft when he
turned 18 and got busy establishing conscientious objec‘
tor status. The draft ended before his number had a
chance to get picked in the lottery.

I remember sitting on my parents' bed later that surn-
rner watching the national news on the TV. I get a very
clear image every time I remember the impact of wat-
ching the body counts being flashed on the screen. In
my eyes it always blended with the shots of the fighting.

 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
     

1980

Carter just finished the State of the Union address.
My roommate picked up a glass jar and threw it against
a window of our State Quad bedroorrr. The jar broke,
not the window. and it took us a half-hour to find all the
glass pieces. The president who crrrnpr‘rigned that there
WUtlICI never be a peacetime draft during his term has
gone ahead with the first step — draft registration.

I still have the calender I used that year. Every week
itr that spring semester has a peace meeting, teach-In.
forum. or demonstration entered under it. For example.

 

 

 

h”—

 

 

 

The bombings of Canrbodla and killings at Kent State lir'titiglrt strong reuctlon like the 3000 person rally in downtown

Albany during SUNYA'S I970 student strike.

in the week of March 3—9 there was a draft forum at
RPI. tabling for the Peace Project. a coffee house. and a
teach-in at Saint Rose. 

Even for all the activity. I was scared. Although I tried
to forget about it. No one really knew what to expect
from the government. Some people predicted the draft
within a year or so. The considerable sabre-rattling of
the “Fuck Iran" days had settled into a more odious
rustling of draft registration cards.

I spent the next summer with my parents. i busted
myself with work and community theater. but couldn't
forget about registration. In Iowa l was active with peace
groups, and didn't expect to find much activity in the
small western New York village my family moved to.

Not long before registration started I found a very ac-

  
   
   
   
    
    

 

‘ the group of people — mostly college professors. doc-

  
     
     
    
    
   
    
  
 
 
 
    
     
     
     
     
    
     
       
         
     
     
      
      
      

tr its, and otherprofessional people — who had a small.
rit rive peace group.

During the two weeks of registration that summer we
irrld a vigil. picket line. or demonstration outside of
must post offices in the rural three-county area our
lttt’ltibel‘S lived in. During those two weeks. I saw it w
rlrafteligible young man walk into the post office to
register unaccompanied by a parent. The parents would
street at us. and the guy would just look away.

We got a lot of shit from people. too. The favorite ex-
pression was “Go back to Russia.” They didn't realize
they were yelling at their kids' pediatrician or Physics
professor.

I was required to register on Wednesday. July 30.

.‘i‘

 

 

‘
ﬂ

1980. Two days before my father's birthday. I told Irirri I
wasn't going to register when we had the starter from
the pickup truck apart on the garage workshop. He
didn't say too much. We didn’t master the ability to
communicate with each other until pretty recently. and I
think at that point he didn't know what to say. I explain-
ed to him my reasons why —— objecting to militarism.
making conscription more difficult. my beliefs about civil
disobedience — and assured him that i wasn't planning
to go out of my way to get arrested. I know he disagreed
with my posrtion then and I know he disagrees now. but
Ire still doesn't talk about it much He doesn't say
anything negative. at least.

I didn't need to tell my mother she was able to
guess. We 'talked about one weekend in the vegetable
garden. She stressed that. of course I was free to do
what I like but that I shouldn't expect any money for a
lawyer from them. I told her I wasn‘t planning to get ar~
rested. It didn't comfort her much

liver since that summer. when I'm with my parents
and draft registration comes up. a loud silence falls.

The woman I was falling in lovrI with at the lime was
equally uncomfortable with my resistance She Wouldn't
discuss ti. and that meant it bothered her

Dennis was scared shitless llis letters reflected the
general paranoia that the government worked hard to
induce A fiveyyear prison term and litre looks rather irr-
tlmidatirig. He had always \yor'ked wrtlr peace groups
too. but took a different approach. Like many people.
he opposed the draft itself. but didn't consider it worth
the penalty to not register

 

CONTINUED.

1981

The winter break was another busy time for registrav
tion. A whole new batch of men were to be signed up
The pesce group I worked with concentrated on fewer.
larger demonstrations

After a few months of being a draft resister. I was feel-
ing more comfortable. The initial paranoia of prosecu-
tion was wearing off. I did a newspaper irriervlew with
the Rochester morning daily. With the provision that my
last tratrre not be used The reporter. through a series of
misquotes and questionable transitions stressed that I
was a new kind of draft rcsister. “I'm a registration
resister. I guess." the crucial quote read Very eloquent.

A TV reporter pressed me to use my full name.
almost challenging me louse it, [probably would have if
it wasn't for a good friend in the peace group reminding
me not to let myself get into something I'm not ready
for. She could see how the pressuring affected me —
she's a doctor of psychology. I only used my first name.
l was growing more comfortable with resistance. but I
wasn't quite ready to tell all.

 

 

‘III—I—I—I-I—lantétfold 7a

les .

1982

l think it was that incident that made me realize who
the draft resister's really are They're not just the l8- to
22-year with who have refused to fill out registration
forms They‘re also the people  male and female.
black. white yellow and browtr. young and old -» who
by artlrng tiorr registrants and workitrg through ntarry
ways of ending militarism make up the majority of draft
resistors In little group there were
registrants. and .r (lo/.clr other draft resisters.

A few weeks ago. a judge to Los Angeles dismissed
government charges against David Wayte. a rioti-
regrstrant and draft rt-srster It's Irard to guess what will
happen to the case in appeal w almost as many
theories on that have been tossed aroutid as were
esttnrates of how soon the draft would follow registra-
tion two years ago I’m a while. draft prosecution cases
pending have been fro/err ltlllII the Wayte case reaches
its end. probably in the U 5 Supreme Court. The
Wayte case. through some technicalities. will certainly
freeze prosecutions for a time and could conceivably

out two trori

end registration ~ for a while.

I don't go to my pareirts' house as much as I used to
7— college seems to take up more time and energy every
semester Over ‘l'hanksgiving I went home. and the
topic of draft registration did come up. My parents ask-
ed nre what I thought about the Wayte decision. 1 ex-
plained to them that the case will almost certainly end
up in Supreme Court. and that it's difficult to second-
guess the Court. especially when it comes to “national
security" issues like the draft. They didn't say too much.
but my father mumbled something about getting overly
optomistic. They didn't say anything else about draft
registration the rest of the weekend. L]

 

'iiririrtitiitttt

  

 

    
  
      
   

 
    

.is‘
-/a « ‘ u;
air/me 
 ‘1‘ ’
- I I 
’/

l 5"

 

 

 

A

a an: Gunman

noo-

 

 

