 

 

A.‘ A. in an": onus-urn... has---

 

 

_..4l._.-A ..

 

     

OCTOBER ‘l5, 1982

Men booters halt slide by defeating Siena 1-0

 

B Marc Schwarz
a Incurth assrmrvr ,
Loudanvif/e. N. Y.
it wasn't dramatic. it wasn't spectacular. it certainly
wasn’t the best played game. But it was a win. something
the Albany State men's soccer team has not enjoyed in a
long time. The Danes broke their ﬁve game winless streak,
with a i-O victory over the wlnless indlans of Siena in
Loudonvllie. Tuesday afternoon.

Coach Bill Schieffclin was pleased with the
win.“Hopefully this will get us back on the right track. We
haven’t been playing well and we are certainly capable of
playing a lot better than we have been," he said.

The Danes dominated the ﬁrst half, scoring the lone goal
of the game at 34:45. Co-captain John Markcs headed the
ball past goalie Mark Eliseo on a well executed cross pass
from John issclhard. Despite numerous scoring oppor-
tunities, the Danes were urtable to trrrn any more of their
chances into goals. Markes had a strre goal taken away
from him on a fine play by goalie Eliseo. “lfi would have
put it lower. i would have find a goal,“ said Markes. The
chance wns the result of a good effort by Dunc Terry Bac-
chus.

Dorian "Chubby" Fanfare was also denied in his bid for
a score. Breaking down the middle of the field on a pass
from Micitaei Corrolly, Fanfare was unable to get the shot
off. The Danes out shot the lndians ill-2 in the first half
and 15-8 overall. Eliseo make to saves, wltilc Albany goalie
Tom Merritt made five saves.

The Danes opened the game with new faces in the lineup.
Sophomores Scott Cohen and Michael Finkelman started
for the first time this year. Missing from the starting team
were co-captain Jerry isaacs. Terry Bacchus, and Domini-
que Cadet. “We had some internal problems which have to
be ironed out,“ said Schieffclin. “When a team loses, the_
guys start getting down. instead of taking it out on the op-
position, they have been taking it out on each other."

in the second half, the Danes almost fell into the same
hole that has plagued them for most of the season. Once in
the lead, they fail to keep up the pressure, and crawl back
into a defensive shell. Except for two good chances by
Markcs and lsaacs, the Danes allowed Siena to make
several charges at the Albany net. With titrce minutes left,

Merritt made a save on Tim Walsh, who was left unguarded
in the middle of the penalty box. The Dane defense, led by
Michael Miller, turned in another stellar performance. as
Albany recorded it’s third shutout of the year, improving
their record to 3-3-3.

Schieffclin is hoping that the Danes have regained their
early season form, as they take on Binghamton, Saturday
at home. Binghamton is currently ranked number six in
New York State Division lli. “We're a young team and
we're having some troubles now. but it's something we all
have to work on together. We have a lot of talented guys

on this team," said Schieffclin. “You say things have to
start going our way, but there is just not that much time left
in the season. i hope we're back on the right track."

The Danes accomplished two things on Tuesday in Siena.
They won, and probably .more importantly, these were
smiles after the'game. The long faces they have worn since
September 25 were gone, replaced by the joy of victory.

it wasn't dramatic. it wasn’t spectacular. it wasn't their

best win. But it was sweet, and will be savored for a‘

while. El

 

 

Not even the sure foot of Dane Jerry lsaacs could
help the Albany State booter‘s long losing spell.

suns STEINKAMP Upsl

However, the soccer team ended its five-game
wlnless streak with a 1-0 victory over Siena.

Danes’ character on the line against Cortland

l

 

By Marc Haspel

SHIN IS El)! I'UR

 

There comes a time during the course of a long Season
when every team must prove its character. Usually it arrives
after a major team setback —- a disappointing loss or
perhaps an injury to a key player. The team's maturity is
tested as it must shake off the unfortunate and look ahead

 

‘ AMY COHEN llr"
Dana sophomore halfback Dave Sotdinl Ia averagl.
4.2 yards per carry this season for Albany.

 

 

to the next challenge. For the Great Danes of Albany, the
time has come.

Riding the crest of a three-game winning streak, the
Danes were halted last weekend by the Division il Southern
Connecticut State College Owls in the final seconds of play.
it may well have been the most heartbreaking loss over suf-
fered on University Field.

So tomorrow the Danes are faced with the task of prov-
ing their resiliency. Albany will get the opportunity to show
its team character as the Danes take on the Cortland Red
Dragons in Albany State's traditional Home Coming con-
test. -

"Each team develops a personality of its own. When
you’ve payed the price and don't achieve the goal you
wanted, it hurts,'f said Albany State tread coach Bob Ford
referring to last week's painful loss. “it will be interesting
to see how they will bounce back. l'd be disappointed if
they didn't."

Last season the Danes visited Cortland under adverse
conditions. Having just lost the services of starting quarter-
back Tom Pratt the week before against the University of
,Buffalo Bulls, Albany was forced to go with backup signal-
calier Tom Roth. While the relatively inexperienced
replacement did the job as well as could be expected. the
Danes fell to defeat against their SUNY rivals 20-l4. it was
the first time Cortland had ever beaten Albany on the
gridiron.

Thc'hcart of that Cortland team from last season returns
tomorrow to battle the Danes. Coming off a resounding
victory over the Brockport Golden Eagles 45-20, head
coach lid Decker brittgs his Dragons to Albany with a
record of 3-2 this season.

The Red Dragon offense is ertgirtccrcd by quarterback
Jay (.‘icply. A starter a year ago against the Danes, this 5'
ll" itlS porrnd senior has completed 34 of 84 passing at~
tempts for 4th yards and two touchdowns.

“He’s not a great rtrtrncr, he’s trot a great thrower, he
just gets the job done," said Dunc assistant Rick Marcella,
who attended the ilt'trckpott game.

Cicpiy does most of hislthrowing to primary receiver

was.“ . wewratw‘ 1",”):  ‘

Frank Burm, a 6' l" 180 pound senior. l3urrn was all over
the Buffalo secondary earlier in the season with eight pass
receptions for 234 yards. On the year, Burm has pulled in
21 catches for a season total of 479 yards.

“He’s got good speed, good hands, a very good
receiver," Marcella said.

The Dragons run a pro-style offense featuring a split
backﬁeld, a ﬂanker and two split ends. Sharing the
backfield chores are two ﬁne runningbacks both of whom
appeared in last season’s game against the Danes. Team
captain Mike Rowe, a 5’ Ill" l85 pounder, leads the
Dragon running attack with 63 carries for 325 yards and
ﬁve touchdowns. Bowe became the first rusher in Cortland
football history to pass the 2000—yard mark.

Cortland's other runningback is 5' ll” lSO-pound
sophomore Dave Cook. This fullback was selected ECAC
Rookie-of-the-Year for his performances in the i981 season
and has gained 271 yards this year on 65 carries.

“Nothing fancy, they come right at you," assessed
Marcella of the Cortland offensive attack. “They’re pretty
well balanced, they pass and run well."

The Dragons run a 4-3 defense that has allowed its op-
ponents an hverage of 330 yards per game. The defensive
line should present the Danes with quite a match up along
the line of scrimmage. Setting up on the line for Cortland
are a.pair of massive tackles in 5' ii” 260 pound Dana
Dobson and 6' 0" 250-pound Paul Falsone.

Cortland‘s 4-3 is keyed by its strong lincbacking crew. in
the middle slot is 6’ l" 220 pound Bob Bate-son. He is
flanked by Brian Mooney, a 6' l" 2i0 porrndcr, on one side
and Mike Green on the other.

Possessing a strong secondary, the Dragons have picked
off l4 interceptions so far this season, (L‘orncrbnck Mike
‘Motsay leads that department with three grabs.

'l'omorrow‘s game represents the ntidpoint of the Dunc‘s
season. At this juncture, the Danes' offense. led by Pitt“,
has averaged 300 yards per game itrclrrdirrg lilo yards
rushing and l64 yards passing. Pratt's llS-yztrd passing cf-
fort against Southern Connecticut increascd his career pass-

14'

 

 

 

  

All

VOLUME LXIX

kt

   
 
   

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

Thesday

October 1 9, ‘1 982

 

   
 

NUMBER 30

 

Irate Solidarity
ralliers chide
Reagan, call
for more jobs

fly Ilob (iardinier

Union representatives and irate workers
from across New York State converged at
the Capitol in Albany Saturday in the cold,
breezy weather fora Solidarin ll Rally. As
leaders representing about tit) various
unions, political and community groups up-
prorrchcti the speaker's podium, the rally
evolved itrto an energetic display of rrnion
support of the policies of Mario ('uonro
and the rest of the Democratic ticket in the
upcoming elections. -

The match started at “:45 with shouted
slogans of “Ronald Reagan. he‘s no good,
scnd itirrr back to Hollywood!" and "jelly-
beans for the rich, nothing for the poor!"
echoing off the walls of surrounding
buildings.

Slowly the estimated crowd of 400 to StX)
marchers moved toward the capitol
brrilditrg frc r the starting point at the Em-
pirc Strttc l’la/a. [Edward illoch, represen-
tative of the United Electrical Workers and
one of the initiators of the rally, led the
march with shouts through a builhorn in-
spiring the marchers to voice the dcmtrnds
of their unions.

“The rally was organized to bring
pressure on slnlc govcttttttcnt concerning
jobs, unemployment insurance anti social
problems," according to Lawrence Witt—
ncr. SUNYA history professor and one of
the event's organi/crs.

Robert Rcdlo. chairman of the cvcrtt and
manager of tire Mid-l lttdsou Textile
workcrs Union, said, “in spite of the AH.-
(‘i() rrrtiott rally in .lune which the unions
took a part in, we felt the need for another
one, and there will be more ill the future."

The trnion members, some coming from
as faraway as Buffalo, carried signs calling
for more jobs and an extension of

 

 

 

  

  
     

LAURA BOSTICK UPS

Between 500 and 600 parents of students as well as neighbors of the Univer-

sity strolled through the Lecture Center area on Saturday afternoon to enjoy
the varied exhibits and activities offered as part of the eleventh annual Com-

munity University Day.

This year's program, which focused on careers, featured demonstrations of
calligraphy, visual arts, pottery, and computer science. Many on-campus
groups had tables displaying information about their organization and often

offered slide presentations.

Food of all kinds was plentiful, with anything from baklava to strudel to fried

dough.

—Fran Scheir

 

I2 more sexual
,harassments
'raise. total to 9
this semester

fly Gina Abcnd

'iwo incidents involving sexual harass-
rncnt, one of ptrbiic lcwdncss and another
of sexual abuse. were reported to Urtiversity
l’olicc last week. raising the totrtl ofsttch in-
cidents to triuc this semester.

'l'wenty year old Jorge Calderon, of State
Quad. was held in Albany ('ounty .lail irt
lieu of $7500 hail after beirtg charged with
one corrnt of third-degree sexual abuse and
one count of second-degree burglary, ac-
cording to tho ictsily Police and the Albany
(‘ouruy's DA ()Ifice. (.‘aldcron is to be
released and arraigned irt Albany County
(‘ourt today, after his first arraignment
Saturday was adjourned so he could find rt
lawyer.

 

 

 

A Stntc Quad woman reported to Univer-
sity l’olicc that she was awakened at 6:25
am. Saturday morning by someone
touching her buttocks. Upon turning over,
shc recognized Calderon, an acquaintance,
and yelled at him to get out. He then ran
out of the room. The woman went to her
RA, and they reported the incident to the
Public Safety Department.

Police said that ('aldcron has been charg—

 

 

 

uncrnployrnern benefits. Some posters sup-
ported candidates for tire November clcc-
tions wltile othch blamed Reagan for cx~
isting economic probierns. liolk singers lcd
protest songs durirtg the march, although
few people seemed irt the mood to sing
along.

Tltc crowd congregated in front of tire
State Capitol Building where a platform
with a speaker's podium and microphones
were set up. People huddled together and
tried to stay out of the cold autumn wind,
while members of various groups such as
The Socialist Movement,‘ The independent
Labor Party and campaign workers for
various candidates circulated through the
crowd with information handouts.

Speakers, introduced under the direction

10>

Judge rejects polling place suit,
SA files appeal notice with court

fly Beth Brinser
.\"Tzll’l" WRI TIL'R

 

The New York State Supreme Court of
Albany County rejected Monday a lawsuit
filed by SUNYA students to establish on-
carnpus polling places.

SA Attorney Mark Mishlcr who is
representing the students, said he has filed a
notice of appeal with the Appellate Division
of the State Strprernc Court's Third Depart-
ment. ‘

The lawsuit requested the Board of lilcc-
tions to csltthlislt rr separate polling place
within tltc litlr Ward of Albany‘s l'hird
District and for rt «.cprtr'ntc polling place
\\lllllll the that District ill the from ot
(Illlitil'l |.urrl.

 

llrt tlv-lt-rrdi'trtu' rtwpotttlcrrl rt.tttrt‘| In
'lrt .trrt wri- tlu' \lihtli‘.’ ( tVIIlil‘ llo.rr.| ot
lit~ iron out It ltltllttii' inttttr tin-mgr l'
‘» .n c (lit and l\!:t\runurl | |~.rt.lt‘tle)

I'ulc. witth l fol-Iv ..rrti llit too
ttrtrrtirrjnlrlrr‘w ’llll-lliti |t.r\c bun trrrtrrcd rtt
tltc '.lt|l .trtrc "It in lllt r‘li\ Jllitl town which
ilrtlxl th'tl pttllrtrp [llill,'t"~ irt llll' rtcw
districts (itt'ttiltillll' to l‘lt'tlltlll l .rrt \t'ctrou
-I tolr."

llowctcr, ('oblr did rrtcntion itt his dccir
sion “that Section J-llX) of tire lilcctiort
i.aw...srrys that if said legislative bodies do

rtot act before July 2 when required to do
so, the (Election Board) should take correc-
tive action...“ appears that the (Election)
Board has taken no action..."

“There seemed to be a contradiction bet-
ween the law cited and his decision." said
SA President Michael Corso.

Tltc legality of this lawsuit lies in tire fact
that tirerc are more that 1,000 registered
voters in both of the voting districts, figures
which violate the quotas set in section 4—100
of the lilcction Law.

SUNYA students who are registered itt
Albany (‘ounty find it difficult to \trtc
llCt‘illl‘rC of thc long distaucc of the polliny
plrttcs from crrtnpus. ()tl-L‘ttiliplls votrrry'
ltootlr. would supposedly rnt'rcnsc \otvr

llllll otri.

“ 1 hr t.t.c \'.lli l‘r' .tryucd t‘llllt‘t lliL .l.r\
or \\t'tlrrc».dt\." ‘tll-l .\liahlt'r. "ll rs out
l‘t'iil'l tl..rt tit. litullti ol ilt'ttrorru r~.

ttililttil 't'tl lit 4'. 1"t tit. |‘r«lliliII' plrtt . ~.

"lt J‘s ct .‘i‘lt.tl ll].ti “t rt’l tut rollirry
plzrtv iltl~ run." _.r..it tll‘vti, “tor I\\o mum
rt':t~\orr-.. lirxt oi .Iii, this is :t gcrtcrul clcc
tion which torrccrns t‘\’(‘l)llll\‘. .\ttd “L
corul," lrc continued, "we are in lltc tlyltl
and we arc not getting our rights. this it.
not conductive to voting."

t‘orso stlitl, “if we don't gct it this ycttt',

we'll get it guaranteed trcxt year." t

ed with burglary because he knowingly
entered and remained in a dwelling
unlawfully. Sexual abtrsc is considered a
(loss A misdemeanor, and is legally defined
as subjectng at person to sexual contact
without the latter's consent. according to
police. fire accused will also be referred to
the Urtixcrsity Judicial llortrd, police said.

One police officer cornmctncd “that this
young man obviously has a problcrrr
relating in rt campus environment. Oftcn in
similar previous cases, the Dean ofStndcnts
Office has determined whether or not the
perpetrator should live on campus. it has
usually been recommended that he not due
to the seriousness of the offense." Police
Lieutenant David Prcndegast emphasized
“that the bedroom doors in a suite are the
most important doors to keep locked at
night."

in another incident, police said a female
strident glanced out a first-floor window in
State Qttad's Tappan Hall at 9:30 p.m. Oc-
tober l4 and saw a six-foot male mastur-
bating towards the window. The woman
immediately called the Public Safety
Department.

Police arrived at the scene, but were
unable to locate the man. The student did
not see the man's face. and was only able to
tell police that lie was wearing a blue ski
iackct anti jeans.

“in these cases, we usually go to the ' '"r
oi the rcporlcd incident and try to identify
iilltl pick up the limit who fits thc descrip-
tion." ‘dlltl l‘rcrrdcgnst. “After, the female

 

   

‘~|lttlt'ttl rrrwlxctl must tlrcn ltlt'lllliA tltc
.tiit‘.'t,‘tl otrcndcr. in this puttitul.” one.
ill .ct, tlri- ‘llltit rrt v..t~ not .Ililc to gt
llrrtt ttr.'lr li"‘rtll)\ll|‘ll lltll Ltllliti altc l. m
ltit'llHiL'ti tlrr‘ rn.rrt. ubc told on"

lrr~ ltt'.tt:rtlt ot .ttitllllt'l .tllr'y.d t"\]‘tt\litt'
irttrrlx‘tri olrrclt o..rrrrtrl tlttwl'cr r. tn the
torrtruisutn arm 1 .lillt'llll\ rrtultz‘wax,
and polrcr'.

.‘iltcilrr t lit“ I, [lit out» lt‘trtol: polr t or

tort of the Si "\\ A. Public Sul'ct'.‘ lit p.rtt
rm'nt, rccontrucnrls that young women at
tcud \cll‘tlctcrtnc clttsscs and \Kmksllttpu.
"You never know, .t single self-defense
mechanism may help you someday." , ;

   

  
   
  
   
   
  
  
    
   
  
 
 
    
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
    
   
  
   
      
   
   
   
   
    
     
     
 
   
  
     
   
    
  
   
    
  
  
     
  
 
 
  
  
   
    
   
   

  

   
  

