   
 

.
l
l

anyhow

, .4... m...” a... . .

 

 

ED

ITORI

 

 

The accusations strike on

ver since a court injunction two ;. .-ars ago won

E students the right to vote in Alb my County.

. more and nrore students have exercised their

rights and have registered locally instead of in their

parents’ county. Students are bcglrining to gain
political power becatise llrey now are a political force
to be dealt with.

One of the reasons this trend has conic about is the
strong effort student groups have prtt irtto gaiirirrg
and maintaining the right to vote. Just before the
most recent election five groups —— SASU. Student
Union. SA. NYPIRG. and Off-Campus Association
— organized a coalition to register students and get
them out to vote. Record numbers of students
registered and voted. largely due to the efforts of this

coalition.
l-lowcver. sonic errors were made by the coalition.
Altrmni Quad residents were registered at I400
Washington Ave.. not at the downtown address that
they sltortld have been registered at. This led to a
good deal of corrftrsiorr on [Election Day when those
stttdents went to the polls. and sortie students were
ttrrablc to vote.
The coalition admitted its error and apologized in
a letter to the editor we printed Nov. 12. While these
errors are regretttble. they do occasionally happen.
While all the groups in the coalition have taken
equal responsibility for the mistake. sortie individuals
active iii the coalition have singled out NYl’lRG as
the guilty party. The writer of a column we ran Nov.
9 singled otrt Ni’l’lRU for the poor decision.

The claim that NYl’lRG was solely responsible
for the error is blatantly unfair. The decision in
register Alumni residents with the uptown address
was a joint decision of the coalition. The coalition
was not “instructed” by NYl’lRG —— the decisron
was made by all the groups involved.

Pl RGs all over the country have been liarrasetl and
removed from campuses because of pressure to
right-wing groups that are frightened by a grotrp like
NYl’lRG that strongly and effectively work's Ill llrt
interest of students. The motives for these attacks on
Albany's chapter are tinknowrr. btrl are jttst .rs
frightening as the right-Wing‘s attacks. They are both
founded on half-truths and based on twisting tltc
facts.

 

C

 

O‘L U

M

N

 

 

Nuclear psychology

Americans are faced with many everyday problctris in
their life. such as intlation. tirrcinployrnerit. and crime. Yet.
most have remained dangerously unaware of one of the big-
gest problems; the continuing nuclear arms btrild tip. All of
the previously mentioned problems can rtiitr individual
lives. even nations. btrt only a nuclear war cart destroy the
whole lttrnran race at the llick ofa button. The. ~curitv we
have in otir stockpile of trticlcar weapons is a fallacy that
will iticvitably bring about the end ot'all life on earth. it not
igdrhggqtgry. the_nﬂ_rhe next.

Mike Taubleb

The ntost .trnring thing about this couiit y_s nuclear
arms build-tip is the psychology behind it. Our nuclear
force is supposed to be a deterrent to overconre the
numerical edge lliat the Soviets ltold over us in conven-
tronal forces. Yet, since we have never used it against them.

   

 

    

the Soviets continue their espansion throughout the world
directly or indirectly. the insanity of this policy is that it' we
ever are forced into a position where we have no alter-
native. the launching of a nuclear attack on the Soviets will
not help us iii any way. The Soviets would be destroyed.
but so would we. The declared purpose of possessing
nuclear weapons is to inaitilaiir a nation's sovereignty. yet
when they are used. the nation‘s very existence will end.
There are several other gaping holes in otir present
nvtclear policy. Witlr the present abundance of rrttclear
weapons and the relatively lav security around nuclear
facilities. it is only a matter of time until a terrorist group
gains control of one of these facilities and holds the power
to set off a final world war. Once one group succeeds. it

50 YOU‘RQ  y ’
COMPLaiNrNG 4
aeatN

aBoUT Tue
DeFr'CiT. r '

 
 
 
   
 

 
 
  

[d 5‘5 cause
lNFLaTroN.

 

We’ve PRoVeD
T T

  
    

anoTr-tia
oDMrNiélRaTron
i5 KeePrrre
eMPLOYMeN

could become a Icrrfying trend ritttclt like the recent pro-
liferation of airplane ltijackings. Evert if a l'ttll'scnlc war
was averted the power these terrorists would hold would
just add irtore instability to a world already on the brink of
disaster.

The cost of maintaining our nuclear superiority. or of
catching tip. is astronomical. and shows no signs of going
dowrt. lit a vicious cycle of fear. each side pours tens of
billions of dollars per year just to replace weapons vvliiclt
have becorrre obsolete a few years after their creation. To
make sure that no side cart be dominating enough to cori-
stdcr trying to witt a nuclear war. the technology increases.
llierc is no crtd iii sight to this pcrpettial attempt between
each side to maintain a safe balance. in fact. no side does
have a clear cttt advantage. irt terms of their nuclear
arsenals. The US. outntrrnbers the USSR itl bombers and
submarine-based ballistic missiles, while the USSR out-
riunrbers the US. in intercontinental ballistic missiles. (hits
are trrore accurate. while theirs carry more firepower. The
eird result is that no side cart reasonably expect to attack the
other side without being anihilatcd immediately. No matter
how effective the first strike is. the victim of this attack will
always have more than eirouglr survivable systems to
destroy its attacker.

I No side will ever be satisfied to keep its defense force as it
is. for there is always the nagging fear that the enemy has
something tip its sleeve. This point is easily proveti by the
fact that even tliotrgh we had eirotrgli weapons to complete-
ly destroy each other twenty years ago. defense spending
has increased by billions ot dollars every year since. l‘ltesc
billions of dollars are provided by taxpayers who are sup-
posed to benefit from the money they give to our govern-

  
   
   
   
    

c

To HeaT.

  
      

 
 

 

 

0N Tile PLUé
5i De, a 5Matl—9R
House Will- Be

MORe eFFicteNT

merit. The weapons are. and must never be used. .o .tll
these billions that have been spent arid will be spent .trc tu-
thrown away. liven a fraction of this money cottld ll.t\t‘ Ir.r.I
vastly more beneficial effects for the American pcoplv‘. .1
well as the rest of world. At present. President Rear-arr

new budget has significantly increased defense spendinrr at
the expense of socially beneficial progiarris such its \lllvlt‘ltl
aid. national support of the arts and sciences. welfare. and
food stamps. 'l‘ltcse cuts carrrtol be justified. betaua- u.
creasirtg our rittclear arsenal of ninety—live lruutlrtJ
warheads is adding fat. not trikitig it off.

I have only mentioned several of the ltltisl itirprrilntrt
arguments against the present trttclcar arms race. | strtrtrr‘l‘.
trrgc cvcr y render to investigate Jonathan Sclrell's llrr' /.rr.
of The Iz'tII'I/r. to frilly understand the important-t- or tlri
issue and their responsibilities to act on it. riot iirltotv rt
Thcr‘ are no easy solutions to this ptoblcur. Urrtloulrrutrlr.
a new world political system will have to emerge. becau .r ..
long as separate nations c\isl as they do novv. the lv‘tilpln
tron to stockpile title at weapons will exist too, As ltIItr' .r
the threat of tar exists. there will be nations who will tct-I ||
necessary to btiild tip a nuclear deterrent. The most [llt'\»|llt‘
challenge the whole world faces. the [1.5. and USSR in par
ttculttr. is to first stop the nuclear btrildttp. and lllt'll
dismantle the rittclcar weapons we have now. The long that
lllL')‘ exist. the greater the odds that by ltllltltlll error. corn
ptrtcr error. or terrorism. nuclear vveapons will be laurr. Ir
 So. even as we s‘arcli for solutions to the ruins rare.
time must not be wasted in eradicating nuclear weapon
from the earth. Otherwise, it is inevitable that by accident.
or on purpose. we will destroy ourselves.

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

r«-m,~.~........ "H..." u  H

 

 

 

T T E

R S

 

 

 

The right to vote

To the Editor:

At times. a person performs a task which he hopes will be
able to cottvey a message he feels is important to the better-
rrrent of life. The message. however. is lost due to the
misinterpretation by these who the message is aimed at.
This case can he applied to a column which ltppcltrcd iii the

' ASP on Tuesday. Nov. 9. liric Sauter. in writing his col-

lllltn. was trying to get across an irrtportarit message. tlrr-
fortunately. NYl’lRG took it as a personal attack and lost
the whole idea' of lEric's constructive criticism for their

- organization.

l‘irie wrote about a very important issue concerning most

 students: the right to vote.'l'hat right was denied those

students. numbering about one lrurrdtcd. ftorn Altrrrrni.
who were instructed to list the uptown campus as their ad-
dress on voter registration forms. A poor mistake tirade on
the part of NYI’IRG resulted iii a circus at the State street
polling place. One instance resulted iii a lvverrly rrrirurle

'. heated argument in which i argued vvittr lllc Democratic

cortrirritteetrrert eorrcertrirrg the right to vote of my friend.
Andy Serp. As an Altrrrrrri ('crrlt'al (‘orrncil Representative
and Student Action Chairperson. I worked with my other
colleagues in trying to allevittte this rniv-trp. btit we were ott-
ly able to do so much. lileclion day was rtiiiretl on Alumni.
The feedback lrcceivcd from trty constituents was negative
rtrid I stood there feeling betrayed.

l use the word betrayed because just a couple of weeks
before. while sitting at a voter registration table filling out a
foriti for an Alumni slttdcrrl. tlic NYI’IRLI coordinator
poitlted out that l was supposed tti register hint at Hot)
Washington Avenue. When I told lret she was wrong. she
questioned who I was and told me to do it the way she in»
stt’ttctcd. I continued to do it my way and fotirid that these
people I registered irr Waterbury. rrry liall. were able to
vote. 'l‘lrose who were registered by l:l'lt.‘ and who registered
door-lo-dooi on Alttrrrrii cotrld trot vote.

NYl’lRG was not able to accept it thought-out sugges-
tion. its l have done voter registration for siv years. their
and they are not able to accept it now. deriroitstiatcd by
their reaction to l-Zric‘s column. l have been witness to a
week lillcd with people walking around as if lttlv' meant the
article for them its people. He did not. The article was
meant to send it message to NYl‘lRU as a group. a group
which is in charge of representing the students. in order to
discharge orders and work on projects. they must complete-
ly research it subject before the ' act. In this case. they did
not and it was very detrimental to a large group ol students
front my constituency.

l was hoping that NYl’lRti would Ire able to accept some
of l‘iric's suggestions iii air adult way. btit trriforltrrtately
personality has interfered rind people have been offcttrled.
lly rtot being able to accept these suggestions. NYl’IRU has
clearly demonstrated to tire that they are not fit tor this
campus. People. who are given the responsibility of
representing the students. should be able to accept con.
slrtictive criticism. NYl’lRti. by taking offense to liric‘s
column. broke that rule til it student representative group
trird forgot about the hundred or so students who missed
the opporttrriity to vote. Most people iii the group feel that
an injustice was done by cr'ilici/irig their group. bttt | feel a
greater injustice took place on Nov ertrlrer 2 when my consli~
tuents were dctlied llrc right to vote.

--RiL‘II Scltaffcr
.Allrrrrrrri ('r'rrlrrrl ( 'rrrrlrcr'l Rt']!
Slur/cur .'lt‘ll(lll ('lltlll‘llt'l'.\tlll

A frightened plea

To the Editor:

lleing a woman in today's society cart be
frightening and intimidating experience. Women are corr—
slarilly confronted with the threat ot being sexually harass-
ed. The implications associated with this threat are wide-
t‘anging. They may irrcltrde crtule scvtral comments. stlrt'cs
(glarcs). physical contact (grabbing a vvorrtarr‘s bttttock or
breast). to thc trltirrratc violent act of assault (rape). Some
men seem to think it is amusing for a “bunch of guys" to
approach a woman walking :rlone arid [HULL'L'tl to harass her
With itrtirrritlating. crtrcl remarks. I would like to believe
that rrrerr do trot fully understand how irititrridaiiirg lltcst:
gestures can be to women.

()ri Tuesdays l ltave a very ftrll
not etrd trrrtil ‘):l$ pm. I try to be .r corrcerne
tious citi/eti. lti an attempt to maintain triy awarcir
hit. as it this. viti/crr. I wanted to
I live on the downtown cartr-
c blinks trotrt

art evtremely

svhcdtrlc. My classes tlo
d. conscicil~
css and
cvcicisc titre of my basic tl)’.
vole iii last 'l‘trcsday's eler lion
pits and my voting place is l‘ll :rted about tlire
the dorms.

After inquiring about the cvltct ltll‘rlllttll of my voting
trlacc. l veiittired out. It was one ol llrc lotlgc'rt walks ot my
bit. The streets were durin lit; i tried to maintain a hurried
pac‘ rttrd rt coulitlcnt appearance. I suppose outwardly I
succeeded. Unfortunately. inside l was stricken with fear.
My ttrltid kept remembering accounts of friends rind itc-
titrrtiiitttnces who. while minding their own business. irr-
ttttL‘cntly lttid unknowineg walked down a street nlrd were
either verbally or physically harassed because of lltcir sev-
tiality: tits and ass.

Iteing a woman is wonderful. it is having to contend with
some men who are insensitive arid inhuman that make our
fate so difficult. How appalling. it would have been so
wonderful if I could have walked to my trolling place iii
peace. contemplating the politicians' platforms one last
time before I cast my vote. Instead. I wrtlkcd peering
suspiciously from side to side. with my h 'tulbeat increasing
every time I walked by a rriale.

T his account is all in an attempt to make the men of this
communin aware of how frightening it can be to be a
woman irr this city. l appeal to the vvorrren arid rnert of the
communin to unite to further the protection offered to
women as victims. l certainly have no intentions of digging
a hole in order to protect myself. and I imagine there are
runny or you who feel this way too. ‘

NYl’lRti (New York Public interest Research Group) is
currently involved irt conducting a survey to learn more
about the services oll'ercd to worricir who are victims ol
these deplorable harassments Itl otrt community. This is the
first step irr marking women aware of the services that are.
and are not being ofleicd to them. arid how elfective they
are. it has reached the point where we cart no longer sit
back and announce it is not going to happen to us“ The
ligtires are rising. l‘ach day l learn about more people who
have been scvtially harassed. it is a reality!

We must fight for out protection. I believe NYI’lR(i can
help us to do this. Together we can help to urge the corri-
intuiin to install ruoic blue plrortc around the campus -
both nptovvrr and downtown - including the Wellington
Hotel. and we catr demand rtiore lights around the campus.

This is iitrt a rrratlcr to be taken lightly. lrtlk to your
friends. schoolmates. mothers, brothers - you‘ll be surpris-
ed how many or them or people they know have been vic-
tiins ol sesttal liatrassineut.

it you‘re interested in taking the first step iri becoming
part ol the solution. contact the NYl’lRti office at
457-4023.

 

“Laura Nuss

Western advocacy

To the l-Itlitor:

ﬁrst I'll like to tottgitrtullttc rttttl lliattk all those who
helped out and participated irt 'lic November 8-0 rallies and
vigil for Anaton Hcharansky. l‘tl especially like to thank
.lh‘(‘-llillel. RZA. tilltl Al tll SllNYA for their help.

All trigltt Monday. and on 'til Tuesday morning lwetrty
students vigiled. and prayed lor Hchrrransky on the steps ol
the New York State Capitol. ('httirts of ‘l-'ice Scharansky
Now!‘ tllttl 'lr'recdonr Nowl' cclitred airtl rc-cchocd oll' ol
the downtown Albany skyscrapers. I feel proud that here at
SUNYA there are so many people willing to take the lime
otrt to help ottt ll victim ot Soviet oppression on the other
side of the planet. ill the heart of Siberia.

llr‘c/ltnev is tiovv dead. but the chances are slim that his
successtil will case tip tltc tcpicssive policies of his regime.
llrousairtls are held as political prisoners irv Soviet prison
camps irr Siberia arid regular denial ot the rights to tlisscltl,
and licetlorn ol religion are denied. More llltlll lt)t).t)t)(l
Soviet Jews scekirii errrigtatuni. and legally entitled to it by
Soviet law. have been denied their right to emigrate.

l rke | ecli Walcsa. Anaton Scharansky fought for a
more humane government: they both need advocates in the
West to speak otrt lot them llcc‘tttlsc no one can in their own
country.

(lire \\tt)‘ in which it will be possible to help not live Soviet
.lcvvs will be coming up on 'l'uesday. l-‘elrruary 2.1. I‘M)

when the Student Coalition for Soviet Jewry will be holding
its annual Lobby Day in Washington. D.C. Over 700 stu-
dents nationwide will be seeking to impress our legislators
with the urgency of the cttrrcrit situation. My group Project
Rt’fllst'ﬂik is organi/ing a bus to go down to D.C. If you
would like to go or find out more. please call the JSC ofﬁce
(7-7508).
it may already be too late for us to help Anatoly
Sehtrrarrsky. bttt it is not too late to try to help the other!
.lust rerrrerribcr the saying. "None are free until all are
free".
——Murk Friedlund

Academic integrity

To the littltnr:

As part ol the t,triiversity-wide crusade to reduce grade
irritation. l have adopted the strategy of mumbling as l lec-
ture thereby preventing students from achieving superior
grades in my weekly esatnimttions. Out of habit, l must
have mumbled to Karen l’iroHi during the interview on stu-
dent clreatiug. that die came as close as she did in prescri-
titig my position on the subject indicates etrviable jour-
nalistic \klll. I slltlttltl lrke. nevertheless. to forestall any
nlistlttdcistanding my canny habit of mumbling ought in
this instance ltv'itly about.

| v'as quoted as saying "Society has created a situation
where students want to achieve." \Vell...l am not at all
society has doric airy such thing. Intact. lam not at all sure
what that sentence means. It‘s still of clear rttnmblc. i do
think society may be encouraging students to compete and
win ottl at any moral price. ’l'lrcy lrttve been told that “wiri-
iritrg isn‘t everything. it is the only thing." which is to sug-
gesl that the pictics ot Vincent Lombardi arc to be preter—
above those ol. say. Spino/n. however popular Spinqu
may be as a topic ol conversation over hamburgers ill the
calcteria.

And this vctrsc of competition. l sometimes think. takes
form of students competing with and against the instruc—
tor. who is to be "oulpsyched."'. otrtwilletl. in be
enlightened. is less important than to be awarded an “A.”
tlflcir. as I teach. I hear telepathic-ally delivered trout cer—
tain ambitious students. a irrodifictttion of a toolball cheer:
“(live itlc art A! (live me another A! (rive me another A!
\\’hut will I gcl'.‘ l)l AN'S l lS'l‘. l)l:AN‘S HSl". VLA!”

Simply to prevent cheating should not be difficult. The
strict enforcement ol esisting regulations against cheating
would accoirrplisli much. An honor code would foster stu-
dent integrity itinsirrttch its the student would be aware that
his uritlcrgraduatc friends and colleagues were watching
and waiting to irrtorrn~a strategy and scttsiltilit) not
guaranteed to protrrote collegiate warmth. lllltl intellectual
generosity. perhaps. bill it strategy likely to promote an
understanding that one cannot cheat and survive itr this
lliiivcrsity. lclln.

To promote the desire to avoid cheating as a matter ol in«
tcllctrtal integrity is another matter. however. grave and dif-
llv‘llll. Such a desire cannot be fostered by horror codes or
Iesoltttc ptrtttsllttictlt or even by applying the vulnerable I’l'l'
ciplc ol "distributive justice." last Spring we llcltl :rlt irr-
timlttc University-wide tortirri on the subject of intellectual
integrity. Some interesting dialogue was begun. Perhaps a
few more people in our tommlitrrly might find it worth to
exploit that beginning It you do. I'd like to participate
(Tl-RAM).

i—llnrry (‘. Strtley
lurid/vii l)t'/t:ll‘llltt'lll

 

   

   CﬂSPCCﬂS

Dunn lttrtr. l'rtrtnr Ill tJIrir-l
Wrtynu l’otiruhoom. Atri/rrrqrrrr; ItIlItN

Editorial
Hows l’tltturs
ASl‘nctaEttltut
Muncltrtu ASI’octs [rtttor
Sound Editor
vtulorrttrtltor
Sports Editor
associateEipottr.Etlltnra
Erlltottnl l‘rtuns Ertttut
Contrltrutlnu Editor
littttorlrtl Airstittnuts. llotr (itirrbnwr.
lri'irrl IlIr.'/.tttl llt‘trtli, Milt: llrtt‘drtl, llttvr- IIItIIttluIt Ill‘lli
lﬂt‘rr l..itlltrt. llrlrtty litilllltJlrll'l. lirtlrtrtl rJilltIt'lll

Mark ltrirnrnoirrt. tori haplowrt/
l)l'l)llll' Milltltrttl
Mopnrt t; rayror
lltrllirtt 5t.ltrttrrilirt
barman Vuitlltvtvlnitutt
Marc ttaspur
Mrtlk fro-.rtr-t. Mrttt, fir lrwrttl'
litrrl t‘rlrrrttt
Arirlriernrrtill
[irilrltlt‘ .lrtrlur- lti-lrlrrr- l‘ltrlirlrl. srrvtl

thlmt.‘ (turn I-
tron-.r-r. It... t tlttlltllt'
rut io-y. liill I.-.r lrr‘t [Lilly (rt-litrrrt. I‘...r.tr frtrt‘n’lvﬂtlt lltrlrtitl tlnrrioo. ‘rltryit
Ito-nan. {ilrrtrltrrlr rut. trr lll'tllht‘ knrntrr lrlt.ttlt“. M (irt'trtrtr. llllm t rrvrorr. lion
lr.tlrlrtt.Mlll.tl|.lrlrIltlM.|tb‘v,llr|llttlll1ttlt.tt'l'rtrll.lltillll'llllrill,(lrtlll‘tllkil.llbtt
i'rt/or. hurt-Ir I’IrtrHt l'lul l‘rvivit i. l Illllrt ()uillll. l 4/ lltllt.ll. lLtittly l'ttillt. Spur,-
ttutrr tllltl Events ldltur’ ltoni (tirvrrlit-ru

Business
llorrnln Stevens. thistrrtthtr Murmur-r

Hirdy lltodur. Associati- Iti/vt/in'rr. Murmur/r
Jiiunt Dillillttﬂ. Ailvrrrrrstriij Mrrrrrrgur
John irolrtno, Salas Mrtririutrr

Karon tintilott. Judy l otnl

lllttluu Accountant:
t'iiyroltsuparvlwr
Oltlca Cn-nrdlnatnr

.. ltrlonn Ktlllllwlll

 

 

Ctnststlloti Mortimer Mt: airy Frank.
ContpoattronMnnnuer Melissavs’nsur-rruan
Adrottlslnn Sirius: l‘etr-i lorrvartt Hort titratrrort. Advnrttatnu Production
Managers: Muwiy thrtov.il.'. 'itmtt t’rrnrlrnarr. Advurttutrru t'rnductlon:
ltarrttm- llr~|r.tt ttonr liltlwllt't“. .iarro Hirsch. Mu lrt‘llr‘ ltrrrtlwtll. .ltrlrrr Mark.
Itlrrltittrt erll Olltcn Slttll: l llt'trtl lir-wtrtnlt. titty l“ . 'r

 

 

Production
Jack llrithclrlng. run/rut trim Motiapn/
Drtvlr‘ Mlclrrrtrlson. fro-mt rrrtr- l‘Irtrtr/t‘ltorr Mirrrrtor-r

Crttnt Typesettar (Tattoo Hytin
Vuttlcitl Critnurrt .Ilrll Uouilla
l’ﬂsiorttp Jt-nurrr ltartmr Arlnrrr llartotl. Mrku (.arnrrrrr. Liv-div Firttktn. Grid
Ml‘ltt‘ll. .ltrllll Mirtnrr Typrstt. .ont'rr U.th llill llt-r-tttry. litttitt l)‘/\rl.ttttti. .lt)titmtl
(illtlt-t ‘I‘Vt'. Silt-VP (lll‘t trtr tttlll. l'ltltllri‘llt littytltrltt. Gttttty lililrt‘t. ilttt ..
llrvlrtrii~ LitrrrtIv-r. Mari \x‘nrr. r. Ctrituttrrur: .lotr thunstr

     

Photograph y

‘3ti|r|rltr‘rl [Illtlt Itrrtlly' try ttrnvm-nry I’littlt) iiirtv a bltltlt-Itl \ptnrp

Ctrlul l‘botourrrplrnr: l).rvr~ fr‘rllttl, tilts Stall- Chuck Buttrattvirr. Altitr Cutout.
Arrr, cotton arr-wry Paramount: itau-a-rr Mlttlttrlu knitzrrrrrrr.rirt.rr, t .rrvo Eli
M..ttt'.' u it t tnn Marratroru ftl.lll r.t.»rrtlr>. . -rn Llanru MrurtrrJr. U.tvt.t lttvr-ltt
r r»... rtttltlltittls. tor .r !.pr up i. Hana f’rlrttrllnttttr. Wittttvit rtrout. Jim Vatorrtron.

 

   

it

Mart, wort m- ‘lrtl Yttltirrrrt

Errlrrr' rrrnrurrtr. copyrlulrt 1902 Albany Student Prin- Culpolnllutt.
llttr Alliatty trttrrtr-nt l'rr-srr I‘v putrilrnrno ltitrriduytv .rrwt l'rrdriyt. trutwnnn
Auntltrl .llltl June by tho Albany ‘ittrritrrrt I’ivrtrrr Corporation. rtn iitdniretttiunt
trot tor [\ttrlll trrrirrrtatioo
Irllltrtml'. are vvrrttnn by tire I riitor ro Cllltrl with rrurrutrurr. ot ttrv littrtorinr
“Hillll. |rtr|i' y .r.trrrprr:t to rnvruw lty rtvn l ttltorlrtl tlorrrrt Attvtrrtlutlrn potltry
vtrrrm rltil necessarily rottnt:t vrttttrrrtat prrltey
Mulllnu .ttttlrnuri.
Albany tititttlvnt Ptuns. CC {tilir
Mott Wahtrtrruton Avu
Albany. NY 1222?.
(filll) 457-llllll2l3322131llll)

 

..... .w..- .t~».........r 4.7 wr.......w-._ta -........~

 

 

