'e
t

 

  

A Fictional Story

 

A Case of Amnesty

Steven J. Hollinger

t

J'ose Chival sat up. opened his blood
stained mouth, and bit down on the cold
steel. The others had become accustomed to
falling asleep to the sounds of his rotting
teeth gnawing on the bars of his cell — I
could not.

i had become friends with Chival in
England. where he was on vacation with his
wife and children. He had asked me to
return with him to Taubate and work
together on a story he had begun for the
Litaire Notra. a local newspaper.

Chival's father, once a wealthy farmer.
was now working in the sugar fields he had
owned. The government was claiming
private property and reselling it to foreign
investors. Chival set out to attack the in-
justice with a barrage ol' literary fire. but
did not have the experience in journalism
needed to arm himselfin a war against sttch
a powert'ul entity as the Chilean govern-
ment.

The Lilaire No/ra, unlike the majority of
newspapers, was not under the auspices of
the government. for it was not widely read
as the combination ol' low grade ink and
poorly written stories made it impossible to
ttndcrstand. Chival, tltc only literate
member of his family. had contributed to
the [.itnire Nolru for years (ntostly in an at-
lctnpt to predict the weather or tile best
titnes to harvest.)

We printed otrr story on the l'ottrtit of
April. I979, after a column one article
about the assassination attempt on tltc lil'c
of President Perez. Tltis kcy timing, we
thought, would sttrcly get our attack ttrtdcr
way, for sales of the Lituircl Notrn soared
when there was a major headline.

The next day. Chivatand l were arrested.
We were dragged from the house and kick-

ed into a van parked by the rear door.
There were soldiers randomly grazing the
property. and two entered the house as we
left. Chival's ten year old son Esteban was
brutally knocked down by a soldier's ril‘lc
butt as we watched him run after our
speeding van in an attempt to save his
father. That was the last that Chival would
see of his family.

For the ﬁrst two weeks at the lie the Fuen~
ta prison camp, we were regularly beaten by
guards. and tortured psychologically by
other officials. Chival was told that his
family was dead. At meals, we had to digest
soup thick with potato hugs and lice that

had fallen in off of our own unwashed
bodies. The stench of rotting flesh
permeated the penal colony. for suicides
and other dead were left to rot in their cells
as a deterrant to those who wanted to die.
but wished to be buried in hallowed
ground.

On the third week , l was moved to
another cell, away t'rom Chival but not so
that we could not speak to each other. His
speech had become slurred and his voice
hoarse as a result of both infection and loss
of sense — for he had begun screaming in
his sleep and talking to objects in his cell.
My new cell was bigger than the last, and
contained a barnacled toilet. There was a
wooden board on the far left corner i'loor
so for the first time since my arrival. i only
dreamed about lying on a cold. damp ce-
ment surface.

For dinner l was given a special portion
of what inmates called “El Royale," the
royal plate, consisting of two crusted slices
of bread and a glass of coconut milk.
Carefully concealing this treat from both
guards and prisoners alike, I edged my way
over to Chival and slipped a piece of bread
under his sortp dish. He watched me steal
back to my seat and then in one frenzied
motion grabbed the bread and leaped onto
the table. chewing the small gift like a
vicious dog with a piece of meat. The
prisoners surrounding ltim saw the delicacy
in his mouth and similarly attacked him like
a pack ol' hungry wolves. 1 saw Chival
under the table scratched and bleeding as
my eyes became clouded with tears.

On the twenty-ninth day after my arrival
at lie de Fuenta l was takett t'ront my cell to
the office of General Luis Marquez. the
head of the Penal de Liberlad system in

Chile. l was told to sit in a large room
without a guard. The general entered
through a second door, set his massive
frame on the corner of his rosewood desk
and told me that l was free to go. i was told
that Chival had already been released, but
later discovered that he had died of elec-
trocution on the parilla. a wired screen used
for torture.

UA 2I6-8l Chile: Eugenio Pina

Amnest International has received reports
that Pina has been released without charge
front the Chilean prison Ile de Fttenta. Pllltl
had been arrested for submitting subversive

 

 

  
 
 

t
L____'_
Sexism Lacks Taste,

To the Editors:

I am writing to express my distress over
the (April 1 issue) of the ASP. As a new
faculty member who. until now. has. been
impressed by the awareness and sensrttvtty
of the students at SUNYA. l was horriﬁed
at the racism, sexism and simple lack of
taste that the editors seem to have found
humorous. To comment in detail on any of
the material would draw attention to
crassness that does not merit repetition. But
l feel that the campus community deserves

twmga  @W

__~_s\

being naive, sincere or forceful?

This is net to hold anything against any
of the candidates the ASP has endorsed,
but rather to complain about the existence
of an endorsement at all. and the way this
mockery of journalism is executed.

i think the ASP should sincerely review
their endorsement policy and their roles as
journalists. Leave the politics to the politi-
cians. I also believe that SUNYA students
should sincerely review their reliance and
respect for ASP views.

— Bruce J. Levy

Beer Ballot

 

some assuranCC that it will not be ',' ‘-
again to an issue of the paper that only
serves to exacerbate. in a crude and
senseless fashion, tensions that the
newspaper should be helping 'to resolve
rather than to inﬂame.
— iris Berger. Director
Women '5 Studies Program

No ASP Endorsement

To the Editor:

The job of a newspaper is to inform it's
public of the news; as the New York Times
puts it, “All the news that’s fit to print."

Unfortunately the ASP does not adhere
to this rule of journalism. and has once
again abused it's monopoly on campus
news (as the SUNYA eampus' only major
news source). in it‘s candidate cn-
dorsements, the ASP steps out of it‘s job of
news reporting and into the role of news
making.

in addition. the ASP conveniently
releases it's endorsement in the last issue
before an election, so no rebuttal or oppos-
ing viewpoints are possible in time to have
any effect.

Who are the Editorial Board of the ASP
to decide for the entire SUNYA campus
who should run the Student Association?
Who are they to judge individuals —
human beings on such personality traits as

 

 

 

material to a local newspaper. Amnesty
responded I) y sending hundreds of letters to
the government front all uroung the globe
demanding the release of the innocent
prisoner.

\

Here at SUNYA. Amnesty international
is active in letter writing and is a growing
social organization dedicated to stopping
torture and the incarceration of innocent
citizens around the world. New members
are always welcome.

 

 

 

 

 

 

CAN‘T we “(91* RECRUlT ANYONE
5mm ENOUEtll TO RUN THESE
FANCY new WEAPON’éi’

  
 
 

 

.7 taunt; .14”

at.er
WERE. CU'lo'lgs
PAY FOR THEM...

 

Mottege P'ess Seance

i

 

 

unnumﬂwuuwmJuan...“ ,s, a... ,. .

To the Editor:

Apathy on this campus is a problem. lint
l disagree with Colonial Quad Boards
method of drawing students to the polls
during the recent election.

Giving free booze to all stttdcnts who
vote as a stimulus is improper in my mind.
There are better ways to stimulate interest
in elections.

Students who are informed are going to
vote whether cocktails are served or not.
They understand the importance ofexprcss-
ing their opinion through the vote, the
democratic way. inducing people to vote
with alcoholic incentives can only lead to
people stepping into the voting booth and
pulling levers at random just for the free
drink.

if students are apathetic. catch their in-
terest and educate thcnt. Don't drag them
to the polls still apathetic. Maybe 694 thie\
“is all the votes we need to break the
SUNYA record," but as a Colonial resident
I won’t be proud of the record breaking
quantity if quality suffers. l think out
money could be spent in far more prodtte-
tive ways than artificially inducing interest
in elections with cocktails. '

~— David G. Linger

Fuel To The Fire I

 

To the Editor:
The fol/o wing concerns an article printer/
in Aspects (April I6) by Bet/tan y Go/rtirtein.
The Surgeon General made a point to tell
us. Recent studies have more than confirm-
ed it. Cigarette smoking is dangerous to
your health. This means you. Bethany.
Granted, you are bummed about your
- stolen lighters — be they red or brown or
white or bic or on sale. . .bttt have you
thought about firing your detective (who is
hardly adept at catching lighter-thieves)
and just quitting? More than rutnour has it
that this act would eliminate your problem

and ameliorate your health.
- l). Corwin

History Repeats Itself

To the Editor:

The power of A.A. Alexander's (April
l6, i982) ASP article “Rebel Without A
Cause" is in its ability to capture the
parallels of history. Historians such as Ar
nold J. Toynbcc spent their academic li\c~
attempting to dctcrmirtc if history “etc
cyclical, i.e., whether inherent to the ntrtute
of history are certain regularly repeated pat-
terns of behavior. HoweverI Alexander
by taking it “quick glance at the map." ill!»
stumbled across the answer in less than (will
words. l’or example:
>The author states the liritislt citi/cns UH
the l"rtlklunds constitute “an llillil\llt.‘ll
population" to the Argentines. Well. M"-
thcy ptobtrblyalo, iii a similar sense to tn;-
Jews of Nari (iertntrny, who were also IIII
wanted.

F'fhe author refers to Argentith :I» -|
"wounded" nation suffering from \xtttml
slings and arrows of tltc past. We”. _\\"'.
they probably have been done dirt, pct hair»
cvcn lit a similar sense to post-Versailles
Germany, which was prostrate-d by genuine
excessive reparation demands.

>Argentina is stated to be “sltugglitlt' l“

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

