 

 

 

 

 

 

» . » t. www.cuuu-Mw

   

 

Isiill hung around
Neither lost or lourid
Hear the lonely sound
Music In the night

 

Joe Sample .52 Will Jennings

n spite of all the things that organic
ed society can offer the iiidtvidual.
there still remain tieeds that securt.
ry and all that goes with it. cannot provide
Yet. no one has to be a prisoner of conlortni‘
'y, Intrinsic human weakness however. pro~
vtdes us with sortie pretty messy illusions.
Life doesn't want to be better than the next
guy. It's the weak and insecure persoti that
burlds himself up at ilie expense of all around
hitri The woman that can't deal wtilr the fact
that nature didir'i give her ilie same physical
benefits as the beauty queen I'hese are the
criminals in life. for they rob us of airy
chance to enjoy life for what it is Instead we
tnust live our lives the same way we drive
.iur' cars. always on the defensive

H ubert—Kenneth Dickey

Yes. Virginia. there is evil iii the world i
ii kes the form of "decent" people living sup-
posedly decent lives Respectable
housewives pushing weak men onto greater
'evels of wealth. so she can look better than
tlllnu at the next I’ T A meeting Friends for
'ife stabbing each ollier iii the back over that
pi'oniotioir. that rob or that tiew car
that's the reason that Iliskfoice One was
formed Its mission is quite simply to cori-
front evtl wlietever il may be found lit the
human experience It l'l'askfott'e) doesn't
see itself as some force to tackle the big boys:
rather it seeks to confront everyday people
with their failure to live oiiiside the spectre of
evil

It is June now. the college kids have left
town for summer vacation We find otir liero
sitting beside the pool of a close friend. "i
wish it were true." a voice says from behind
Agent X. "flirt that's not the case this time
around." Agent K and liieiid tiiiii around to
find out exactly who this voice belongs to It
doesn't take long for Agent .\' to realize that
his vacation is about to end l'he voice
belongs to his bureau chief
“I It chief. what briirgs you out here?
“Something cooking back at the office?"
Agent X tries to smile and take it all in stride.
"Who's your friend. Agent X?" he s ys
-.viili a look that Would (liill the hardest of
characters "So sorry to break iii on you like
this. but the big tlit-ese \\rllil§ you back at
l IQ oti the double "

"This Angel . excuse iiit.‘ this is Angel.
liief." It wouldn't do any good to argue with
re chief. so I give Angel a kiss on the cheek
The chief is hot

 

 

 

.iid get the hell out of there
it iriy tail too "Look buddy what's your
it'obleiii?" lie barks. "Look X. if you don't
tool it you're going to find yourself looking at
something that you \Urtl'l be able to get
around. Now slowdown. what's your hurry?
l'here Is no fire where you're going. or do
y ru know something that I don't? What's the
matter. X? You sure are mighty quiet."
Some guys are sweethearts and others are
rust looking to bend over airy time they can I
wonder what type of guy the chief is?

"There trrust be sotneihing going on that's
liable to get my head taken off. Sometimes it
doesn't pay to be good at what you do, You
have any ideas on the where's and what's of
this caper. chief?"

"X. you talk too darrrti much. If you don't
like the work. get out of the game. Nobody is
standing at your front door asking for a tax
deductable contribution In the words of
some nameless but by now fatirous red‘
neck, ‘love it or leave it' " Nothing like a pep
talk ftotii the chief to give a man a sense that
his Work is looked upon in favorable tttittt-
tier I'm used to a lot of things but I'll never
quite understand these ['Jiii-liL‘riilL‘tl bosses.
Then again sorriebody's got to run the show
and lortl knows I'rri iii no mood to take on

 

the Job.

A p-issiog giant e to the left reveals ii
phone booth I tell flit‘ ( hivf that l Iiave to call
a sick aunt. flit"; not too impressed with my
llitl', liitt llii'ti again l'iti not interested in the

 

 

 

: i. ef's feelings for tire He has to deliver me
back to IIQ I“ one piece or he is in big time
hot water.

"llello. Marie. this is «foe. How ai'e you
doing?"

()lil .loe. how the Iiell are you?" she said.
as if she really meant it. "l've been meaning
to call you When can i see you? I've really
missed seeing you and your luiiny walk." I
like Marie and all that. but there is something
about- beitig involved with a woman No
matter Iiow hard you try. there always seems
to be a running battle about your time and
space

"Marie. litist called to let you know that I
will be unable to see you for another couple
of days. Something lras come up "

"You can't fool trie With that SWeet talk of
yours I know for a fact that you have been
spending MIL-5| of your free time lately with
that tramp. I simply will not stand for it due
You are going to have to choose. it's either
her or tire I refuse to play second fiddle to
Some refugee from a i’ ll licuse." You can
aiways tell when a woman cart-rs about you.
The more she threatens you. the more she
cares

"Marie, look I'iir really t.o= free to gt' into
this very important to_)ic that you iiave
brought to the surlac. if you are Willing to
wait a few mori. days. I'll be vil'i'rg o spend
the lime oetess Irv to discuss iii 5 matter in
Iiill " The chief was neginning to get impa-
tieii' and he wasn't even talking to Marie
"\‘latie. I've got to go now. I'll call you as
soon as I can." I hang up before Marie can
say anything else I kiioiv that she doesn't
buy my rap bitt lot now 1 \v‘ll have to stick

"Ileatly when yoit are chief". I yell over
my right shoulder to fllt' chief.

“It's a good thing too I was Just about to
remove you from the telephone booth
physically. if necessary Come on X. we
don't have time to sit around here and chit-
cli’at the day away. You remember of
course. that we are expected back at HQ "
The chief can always be counted on to set
you straight

A few minutes la‘er the chief aiid I end up
back at lit.) i-‘rom the looks upon ilie faces
that greet us the big cheese must be very Irot
to see me The cliiirf 'lrop, me off at the front
door “I ht pe yo'i c.i't find the office without
any furtlret a: ' tarir't because you certainly
aren't about to gei any rrrore. Remember X.
if you tness l'p this assignment. I'll Irave your
tread. Do I niakc myself clear. X?" It was
easy for me to see that the chief was con-
cerned that I Would do a good job. It sure
makes it easier on a guy when Ire knows that
his immediate superior has the deepest
Veneration for him arid his work.

"I'll do my best to tiiake sure that I do a
good rob chief. I sure do want to make you
proud of me. chief. Always the best for the
corps " I repeat these words as if they are
some secret oath. I know that this will endear
me to the t'lilL‘f. In a world where the motto
seems to he "go along to get along". when
do you ever litrd the time to look at yourself?
I'm iioi all that sold on the ideas tlial most
people seem more than writing to swallow
just to make a living (decent or otherwise)
Then again. that's probably the reason the
corps Wanted me for this lob I don't have

it

   

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

    

real ties or commitments like most of the
other guys, I'm single and I plan to keep it
that way Marraige in my book is only for
those that want it and even then. it (mar-
riage) doesn't always work the way that peo-
ple want it to.

Most guys my age are looking a mortgage.
a wife and kids in the face each day arid
hating it. At least that's the rap you'll get out
of them at three in the morning when the
booze and their perils begin to get the better
of their morality If there is love iii this world.
it certainly is trot that strange animal that pop
culture seems to push down our throats all
the time

"Agent X reporting as per instructions."
The words are not out of my mouth before I
hear. “come oii in Agent X. I've been expec-
ting you." Always nice to know that you've
been expected Now. if someone would tell
me what the deal was maybe I could get a
better grip on what's going on. No matter the
big cheese wants to see trre so here I am,

"Sit down Agent X. Ihave a pr )blem thati
feel your talents are uniquely suited for.
First. all that we know is what ltn about to
reveal to you now. Yesterday. at 2230 a
specral messenger dropped off this envelope
on our front steps. We opened it arid found
a tape tecordiiig arid nothing else. Most odd
indeed This tape that l'in about to play for
you is that tape Please listen carefully Agent
X and see if you can Come up with any
clues So far all we've been able to fitid are‘
dead ends:

"I'm not at liberty to disclose thiI full and ex-
act nature of my business but I'm sure that
will iioi impede such a fine group it
dedicated iireii On Monday the I'lth al
2245 a bomb will explode I'Iiis bomb will
not be like other bombs for II will not be .
let's rust say that it's a human bomb. You
know the kind of thing I'rii speaking of. Lives
Will be changed and the earth will'shake
Time honored ways of doing thiirgs will be
left by the wayside. Any and everybody with
ties to the present guard will be lost to this
force that will be unleashed upon the world
By now. l'trr sure you are quite perplexed as
to the reasons surrounding this affair. I am
free to tell you that if you can solve this
caper. I will coiiiact you iii the future with a
case or two that needs attention This is a test
gentlemen. to see if you are as good as I
have heard you are. Do a good job and I'll
throw you some more business. Thank you
for your time and attention. One last thing.
don't call me. I'll call you. Goodbye and
good luck."

“Well Agent X. have you got any ideas'on
what this tape is all about? So far. as I've iti-
dicated earlier. we haven't been able to
make head or tails of this whole thing. If it is
really a bomb. why come to US with it? We
don't deal with those types of iriattersl" The
heat is oii and I'm supposed to get their
hickory nuts ottt of the fire. Real sweet deal,
if you ask me The cheese sits there asking all
these questions. I wonder. is this going to do
me any good?

"Well sir.l really can't understand what all
the excitement is about. It seems pretty clear
to tilt! what this guy is shooting at."

"Would you t'fil'L' to share With us whtit it is
you've come tip wttli. Agent X?"

  

"With all due respect sir. he seems to be
talking about change. Uncontrollable human
and social change. something all organized
societies Irave fought against all through out

“I'm really lost Agent X. Would you please
run through it once more."

"Sir. it is like this: what do people and
governments fear the most? What causes
them the triost anxiety? Why. it's change sir.
pure and simple. They fear that doing things.
even day-tolday things differently. will
destroy them. Ironic, lstr't it sir? I mean that
people should fear change."

"Well all that is very fine. Agent X. but
what about the human boinb. who is it? How
can finding it help or hurt us?"

"Sir. If you will recall the person on the
tape made mention of the fact that this was
to be a test, A test of wits arid skill. I think
that the human bomb is the person who
made the tape, He said a bomb wouch exv
plode. it human bomb. It seems to me that
what he is getting at. is that he will call us to
find out if we know the answer."

"There's lust one thing that doesn't fit.
Agent X. what's all this talk of an explosion
about? You still haven't cleared that up for
me yet."

"Change sir. it's all about change. You
know of course that when a human being
changes it unleashes one of the most potent
forces known to mankind Whether we can
solve this riddle or not there will be an explo-
sion. The explosion will occur because the
"caller" will change his mind."

"Agent X. I don't know lrow you do it. but
you did it. This whole affair really had me
going around in circles. This isn't an order.
but could you let me in on how you did solve

this riddle. Agent ' . -
"Most guys my

age are looking
a mortgage,

a wife, and kids I
in the face

each day

and hating it.”

ir. the caller said that all with ties to the
present guard would be lost. This can occur
only if the relationship between people.
places and things change iii a way as to be
trot understood. No one can read the mind
of anyone else. If you change one mind you
will have changed the world."

“I certainly cati't _argue with that logic!
You've done an excellent job once again.
Agent X. I also would like to take this oppor-
tutiity to offer you a promotion. We need
bright men like you at the top." The one
thing I didn't want: responsibility. Oh well. I
guess it all comes with'llre turf.

With a trod of his head the cheese
dismisses rrie. I'm back on vacation now arid
I can't help but tliitik that the caller was
Marie. Call it my sixth sense if you want. This
just doesn't sit right with me. For somebody
that's not one of us. that caller sure did know
alot. They knew enough to stutrrp the entire
corps, The best place to start is at square
one. That means Marie

It's three days later atrd I'm not any closer
to the solution of this caper Sometimes. I get
the feeling that my beiirg here with Marie is
exactly what this whole business is all about.
A telephone call would hat/e been easier. bitt
then again. when have you ever known a
Woman to take the easy patli when it comes
to a man that she is interested in? If I would
allow her to. Marie will try everything in her
power to stop me Itoin Visiting Angel atrtl her
pool Luckily, l'iii not like some guys I know.

 

u

 

Who let the women that they are involved

with choose their friends for them.

 

 

 

977,329“) in}?

 

,
r'utiu

   

 

wwmmMm-ﬂumrui .x... ». . ,,_

 

   
    
   
   
  

nlhor'l Nola - As most of you tinw know the
tggest rally til the history of this great state took
ace In the city on June t2. This rally was
recessltated by the fact that many of the world
em to be obsessed with the Idea of blow~
rg up the whole fucking world —- just when you
rought all the nuts were locked up in cages in
true Sanitarium. Anyway. the following is one
rson'sf?) account of those 24 insane hours in
ew York.

By the way. some of the names In this story

9
t;
'5.
a.
la
r:

 

 

bony. N.Y.. Jinn 12. 3:42 a in. - "l
it you have my glasses." she said. I looked up
was about to tell her that her glasses were on
face whem I felt a toll which seemed like
()0 volts uf AC being shot through my system. i
ned my eyes. looked over at the clock.
ped out of bed and threw an the first clothes l
V Id get my hands on. I had wanted to wake up
.30 or 3 at the latest iir order to catch the 6:51
Trot Dobbs Ferry and meet people in the Village
39. It didn't seem like an easy task since they're
' cling close to a million people.
ptumbled downstairs and found John up and
in, 'ving around which was good news cause I real-
y'wasn't in the mood to try and drag anyone out
ﬂied. Two cups of coffee and a hit of speed later
b‘ivere ready for the read, As we walked to my
l'dred Subaru. I thought of people across the
slate and perhaps the country fhell maybe the
Whole fucking world) getting up and mobilizing for
th'e'ralty. It looked like an interesting day
The first stop was at Uptown News for the
essentials of any contemporary road trip We
grabbed a couple eight packs and headed for the
Thruway. Along the streets. drunks were still
struggling home ftoiti another liriilay night on the
Town.
.The drive down on the Thruway was a classical
approachavoidance situation  on one lrand I
wanted to go like hell in order to make the train
On the other hand. I knew I lliitl enough speed in
rrly pocket to keep every trooper iii the state on
24-hour shifts for a month straight I came to a
cpmpromise somewhere around 7t] miles per
OUT.
30 a.m.. Washington Square — The
papers said this is to be the site of one the 15 or so
. l‘léedet" trraiclics Wlill'lltiilii the itraiir march to the
U' and their onwaiil to greener pastures at Cert»
' fr Park The idea of matching from Washington
ﬁre had sounded great probably nits wiili
freaks and other oil's types While llit’ pen-
that I found there were not esar-Ily what I'd
at to as middle America there rust wasn't that
"try people I began to wonder if this tliitig was
9' lbg to flop No. it couldn't I'd St’i‘li tlrai happen
[56 many times wuh ilie yearly H'UNY niati lies on
"' capital
lWe met our friends under the giant ariiiwtiy
aid decided to hop a subway to the UN and find
my action
'50 n.m.. United Nations — This was more
it 'I'housatiils iipoti thousands of people atlill'
‘ In the streets iii i'veiy illtt‘t‘lli iii We ran ititrr a
icli \Vlili li I believe was the Iliearl and l'iippel
3. ull i'atte (I was unable to roirftitii this because
.lriiily really knew “Tilllt’ we were I'\|‘l\‘lriii‘
'1 ll. ’ |iisi following the flow)
tyway. this contingent was led by a contraption
Iriclr st’i’nti'cl to have ito plat t' iii reality I lit'lii'w'

I

 

 

  

 

 

   
  
 
  
  
 
     
 
 
   
    
     
  
  
   
    
    
  
 
 
   
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 

3‘
r.

agoir's head on the hood The rest was cow-red
iili a red material (in top stood five or six liL‘ti
' appearance 'I'Iicse lit‘tiitlt’ were hanging
ins. sticks or anything else that llll'\' ioiiltl get
reir hands on. Following this itrotisliosity was a
“fill” lilin Uncle Sam on stilts

f) K A devrl truck. huge lllil'li' ham. hordes of
eople II I had been tripping. IL'lHilil have wtitleti
[off to some llittiilt' Iialliti’inarioir llti\\t'\‘i‘l. the
ittly drugs affecting me were coffee, speed and
L‘L't' Not the stuff of wlritli hallucinations are
made Sometimes reality can be the hardest drug
‘ to handle.

":30 I.ln.. Fifth Ave. and Forty-second
- Perhaps my notes will tirust adequately
describe the experience:

‘ . diess marching. We have total control of the
streets. People watch. We wave. I've never seen
So many people together and concerned about
one thing. Then again. it is a good cause —- it
could be our existence.

"Another hit of speed, Chains of cigarettes.

''l have lost all track of where we've gone or
where we're going. Endless faces. This is amazing.
This is history. What if somebody went totally
BONZO in the middle of all this??? Shut up. It pro-

 

 

Sane Notes From An Insane Day.

"People sipping cocktails in a push restaurant diamonds. Baggy white clothing. shaved hen'ds.

overlooking the street. “Come down here and
march. you bastards! Your glass protection won't
do you much good when a big nuke reduces It to
vapor.’ Throw eggs. Go ape on them. No. this is
a pegceful rally.

tamborines and chanting.

I stood and gaped for a few minutes. almost los-
Ing the people i was with. If you ever lost so-
meone In that crowd. forget it. You have to keep
track of the other: at all times or be swallowed up

Roses are red, violets are blue

Somewhere in the world ~

a nuke’s aimed at you

“Sign tacked on a backpack reads 'Old An~
ttochlans against frying' What does that mean?
1:30 p.ln.. Central Park — What a long
strange walk it‘s been. The past 45 minutes have
been spent weaving through the park roads wav-
ing peace signs and singing "Give Peace a
Chance."

On both sides of the road are people giving out

 

literature advocating one thing or the other There
is everything from a protest of Reagan's June 17
New York appearence to the latest from L Ron
Hubbard —- “Dianetics The Modern Science of
Mental Health " One treat little pamphlet read
“In the case of nuclear attack.

I. Don't look at the blast

2. Don't paiitc

II. Head for shelter

4. Prepare to meet thy maker"

I have to agree

 

 

into the crowd. Our tiny coalition of five was Just
one among the teiis of thousands of minute coali-
tiuns.

Tire area of the main rally was set-up similar to
an ordinary outdoor rock concert. There were
fences. cups. frisbees arid balloons. The stage for
the speakers and performers was built out of scaf‘
foldier with rows of speakers on each end.

However. there were a number of crucial dif-
ferences between this and an appearance of the
Rolling Stones

One was the age group of the people Many
were middle to older aged l’atticularly. there
seemed to be a lot of gray haired women They
seemed to have the most spirit of everyone They
cheered. chanted. tallied. danced to the music
aritl didn't seem to mind if the kid next to them got
blownaway on reefer

The second difference was what I can only

 

 

 

lwriiidt'i wltal I'd do iii the i use of a nu: fear at»
tack The other night on I' V soini- uriaili- st ltool
kids were giving their thoughts about \\Iral they tl
do if the big one was on the way aitd there iias
only lfii minutes of t'\i‘iln‘lif,'t’ left on this earth I lli'
littllif Iretriii-nt response was "I'd like to be with my
ltililllU "

Myself I ilritrk I'il grab a notebook go sit in .r
I'UIIH'I and write poetry to t'tlliillli‘iil rate the
rblitetation of the earth It'd probably be stuff like:

Roses are red

Violets are blue
Somewhere iii the world
a riuke's attired at you.

or maybe
When you wish upon a bomb.
Inrget about the world you're on

Anyway. the first thing that took my eye in the
park was a bunch of Hate Krishnas dancing up a
storm of dust somewhere between third base and
home plate on one of the park's baseball

 

dust iilw  an aura of good it el.r' p ."-.t a lit ||i'.|l
Iiitl‘. toriii'rt lllt‘il' illt‘ thtirtlli tlrlr'l\'\ i'liil I‘ll
.iroiintl si'ii-aiiirng and pouring beer tar

tln'iirsi'li'i-s Ilil'll there are the "super i'tit.’tt~»
whi r i‘i iulil gni' a shit aboitt anybody else and only
want to start a fight wliiili. according to I'ieiiil. is
an outlet for sexual frustrations

Iliit at the rally iii ple seemed to go out of their
way to tooperate with each other I didn't see
anyone step out of line (with the possible excep-
Iioii of the gay prostitute who tried to pick me up.)

This attitude would later show in the police
statistics The 5.000 cops assigned tti cover the
750.000 people didn't arrest one single fucking
person attending the rally. according to my
sources however accurate they might be.

6 pan" A hc-vllv Ipny-pllntcd lubwny
cu Ion-owls." haul/con Control Park
and 14th Stun - Once again I feel It's ap-
propriate to let my notes tell the story:

"Everyone has gone in one direction except for
John and myself. We've Just made it through the
biggest fucking rally this country has seen in ten
years but i seriously doubt If we're going to make it

through this subway rldé. This sucker keeps
breaking down In the middle of the tracks. The
lights flicker and then with the screachlng of metal.
the bastard comes to a halt. throwing bunches of
raillers iiurllng over each other.

"I'm Just waiting for an express to come ﬂying up
In back of us at 75 miles-per-hour and consume
our lives In a mass of twisted metal. The end result
wouldn't be unlike that of a big. fat nuke.

“On the loudspeaker someone keeps babbling
something about changing cars but I can't make
out the words due to the crackling of the decrepid‘
sound system.

"Time for another hit of speed."

10 p.-I.. Wnnhlnglon Squ-n - John and I
split a bottle of wine while watching two guys play
guitar ‘ ' by a circle of people of various
shapes. sizes and states of insanity.

There was no shortage of strange people under
the street lights on that cool evening. Sandy once
stuck a cat in a broiler. by accident she claimed
(‘vie of her best friends used to rip people off by
melting candle wax onto pieces of newsprint. sell—
tiig it as blotter acid Everything was going litre un-
til one of the suckers be tipped off caught up with
him and silt the guy's throat.

The older guy with the nioliican sitting next to
us was carrying on quite a conversation with
liiiirsell until some kids finally got him high so he
Would shut up

Then there was the Rasta man Coketl ottt of

his gourd. the Rasia came up to us with a chunk of .

opiateil trash and offered to smoke some with us if
we could find him a pipe While rolling the moist
hash around tiii his fingertips. he dropped it on
the ground Unconcerned about the loss of good
drugs he fell on the ground iir fits of laughter

Too bad The first tittie I ever smoked the slirt
was iii .i cairip in upstate New York We bad Just
Hill“! in fioiii air evening in the local tavutits when
an olil friend dropped by He passed me the pipe
Tasting something a little uniisiial. I asked him
what it was "()pittm" lie rirplyi'rl as my llt'ittl sail-
I'll out through the siratospliivri- L'ti minutes
lrllt'iJit lltt' middle of .i (ltl\'ittll ratnstotiir. I ended
up tittnpiiig Itt lllt' laktl

3:50 n.m.. June 13. Lone Star Cate -
After a fl’“ ||ii|li' riiiis lit the liquor siori’ ltoiti the
Square. illtlllt and I wandered over to a bar (tilled
(irassiiiots llieie \x‘l‘ toiirrtl plenty of beer arid an

intense politir .il itisi iission Milli some people from

 

 

Mir irigaii
We had i'lltli'il tip at the I one Star Ili't .iuse so-

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

irii-orii- hail told as they had the latest last tall iii
llll‘ .trt‘a

llltll't‘tl \\r' illll\t"l inst Iti llliit' frrr l.i\i ill and
Ilil‘ l.r~.i ice. lit tin. Irorri llii‘ \rrlllllh’lll ro r'. rand
lltt’ aunt-rs .iaoit-ti ri«- out of llli' pl... .v lrirt ne
refused to lt‘tI\-' ltl'il rirllli'l'trt' It.|ti‘ llll' 'trtitit'irf a
'twrtl .r|| .rirtlit t lnl lti llli‘ ilil'.||lllliit' u.- or l iipii'o
"lll\|'l‘ |rlrrtlvvi Ili'\\ tu' .o-iltl smash the
lil loot Iiiin iiaiio' Itr bark i I the stage

l‘it..ili.' fearing tiraos the lultiliii‘il irslti'ied tt~
rut tla ilooi ‘.“Ili 'lti' tiaiitt' of ..Ir .rll lilrilil ilol
t\llir\‘ll- 'liw .' Iliit l'att al.r-v tlt- r'ruliar i .
rltilll' 'i misrr r .ri r all i. :.-. u r. a»  lfit‘
'url.‘ ' ii i r .‘ for r- v‘ ‘illt‘Ii
.rrlt. ‘vI- iii. w r' ‘llltlllrr'J'
Ilti‘ t t

.‘m r' lint: r. rilll rlil lt‘ifll '.l' loiitril
 vwra is. .r not tas at It rtrr rt ilt‘ltli ‘io
n. r. -l a ' :I'.ti .rlr-rtr tfilrlrrik-
t rtv' . -.'.' '.’ to. l‘trrrr‘vig in I til .i-. \l'\‘
in r l ll'i l.‘ m. t.lit|i \\lt“ u i- >~.\i‘.rlilri] arr-l

iwi il. 1-.  ~lat out it lliil hot the
‘ro. i‘li“i ti WW 1' mo .r.t :» he itr‘lrtr hair"
I'll ll

l'.. l at rear rir r. w do. itiillillliit'l

p... 'r-. | \\lii‘ll l .ii.t .i lvrtlill‘diiilillill
.i ..t~lt'rtii tit‘ i'lr‘iill l\\ ililll'lt'll ill fiiil‘lil liii tlrt'
itri'xr'liit -' Ma "r' \irliit‘ pant- litl‘l riirttht loose
-. Ilr .r it ttli‘ oi ltil'l\ ita: rt l~ illltl .l M in

Hot ol ‘ft’ltt‘lttl t raxiirt‘ss we tlt't Itlt’tl Ir walk rip
and -l' what . as going on llll‘ll' e.- .. no arms
or rrirs \\ hair i. 'llt‘lll'tl  \ wine poor
‘v.r-.i.rrti ‘t‘..t'r tli'llliltl our of .i l ii if '.‘.lll it another
rttt more along and \llt‘rtlt"l his it. or off_ getting

ltiiil II or

fire stint-t vats fillrnq -..ili \ tips and ambulances
Ii itas getting light tiil'l the rain was coming down
pretty hard \‘Vi- tinned around arid headed back
to the Village tit search of some sanity
Author's note (part II) - The bizarre events
of the day came to a close. but trot until we almost
'got triugged by three raving Iunatics (.Iuhn saved
'our lives aiid our wallets by starting a conversation
with them). Then there was our homecoming
reception back in Albany that turned into a wild
‘drinklng spree. but that's not important for pre-
isent purposes.

What Is important is that we traveled to New
York to do our part In an attempt to show the
maniacs (sometimes refered to as "world leaders")
that we really don't care to be a part of their
multimillion dollar plot to blow up the world.

We met a lot of lunatic: on the streets but the
name of the game for them was set] destruction
not the obliteration of 20th century civilization.

 

 

 

. bably wouldn't make any dlflerence anyway.

 

 

Urinal“ $8de 7d

 

 

