 

A~-_..4...r. . ~.. on.
1.... I

U- NW...» . _ ....,-". ...

 

~ and...”

iioﬂt t in at e

A. Different Pars active

 

Cbn'f'in és‘of Capitalism

 

in the column that appeared in the ASP
(March 2) Thomas Carroll presents his
views on a forum entitled. “Democratic
Left Alternatives in the Reagan Era." Mr.
Carroll quickly dismisses the forum as a
viable alternative perspective of the role of
government. and asserts his firm beliefs in
capitalisnt. I question his depth of
tmderstanding of the injuries of capitalism
and the limitations ofa democratic form of
government within a capitalist system. He
has bill a superficial sense of the notion of
individual freedom. i wish to address these
points in tltis colrrmn.

The apparent conservative sltift in na-

tional priorities concerns ate. Ratiter than
bccortiing more of a community. we are
ruoving towards a second embrace of the
myth of “rugged individualism." Many
seem to rcseru what otltcrs ltave. titeir coit-
cern is that sortteone is receivittg irtore tltait
they deserve. i would like to believe that
people are not inherently selfish. rather
irtigltt the order impose upon them and
evoke sttcli st 'f-interest orientation. Tltis in-
jurious ntyth of “rugged individualism"
has found a political rttotitltpiece in l’rcsi-
deit' Reagan. bttt we must not (lcccitc
ourselvcsin a false embrace of the "good-
ole-days."

It is witltirt liberal beliefs that we dctclop
ottr allegiattcc to dcrttocratic governntcrtt: it
is this liberalisut that spawned capitalism.
with its compelling force the sclf~irttcrcst of
the ittdividttal. Capitalism. in its very
nature. is competitive. it is an econoruic

order that causes many injuries. lt.awards..'
ability and fortunate circumstances and We
are all at the whim of botlt these factors.
We are born with a givert ability and many
opportunities we encounter are not of otrr
otsu tttakirtg.

lnevitably. iii a capitalistic ecottoniic
structure. the individual's worth is
measured in terms of his alttlity to produce
and the ever present yardstick is money.
The use of suclt a yardstick sustains a struc-
ture in which one must necessarily evaluate
onc‘s worth in terms of other individuals.
'l’h' assessment that one is led to engage in
is deceptive. A capitalistic economic struc»
tttrc requires a society which is efficient and

Paul Herrick "

grants benefits to those who best serve the

process. Thus one is deceived by the ap-

parent rcwards. rind becomes contplicitous
in a system that perpetuates one‘s own ser-

vitttde. r

We are ttot all born with equal abilities.

thus inequities must arise in an order that
rewards according to ability. A tlcntoeratic
government has art obligation to address
these inequities. We are all born with equal
rights to the resources of the world. yet
tltcre are great disparities between those
who enjoy tltesc resources. This injustice is
so pervasive that it is not understood for
what it is — a crime.

Does one simply by the virtue of his abili-
ty and good fortune. Le. a stable ltontc life.
deserve to reap the material rewards of an
economic and social order that denies this
opportunity to others who may ntcrely be
ttttfortuitrttc'.’

Mr. ('arroll extols the virtues of in-
dividual initiative and its capacity to fulfill
the fundamental human needs: opportuni-
ty. self-development and advancement. The
individual initiative that capitalism fosters
is c\tcrttal in ttatirre. We attaclt labels to
abilities and judge titosc abilities according-
ly. Upon these “badges of ability" we cott-
strttct ottr scttse of self worth. This struggle
to attain our “ltadgc of ability" is the pro-
cess by which we affirm our individual
freedom and development. This freedom is
a pcrversiott of a scrtsc of sell. because in
our struggle inevitably we are injured
and/or we injttrc others. Can we construct
a more genuine sense of self if we seek to
conquer an act for the intrinsic valttc deriv-
cd from such a conquest? it rctnairts for the
individual to nurture such art rtlternative
perspective.

Mr. Carroll praises the individual in-
itiative that capitalism fosters because his
perspective cxcludcs alternatives that may
transcend the possibilities of capitalism. We
are all subject to whim of circumstances;
they affect oitr experiences. our desires. and
otrr beliefs and trpoit these factors we con-
struct our critical perspective. To this ex-
tent. ottr critical perspective is suspect.

Mr. Carroll can so quickly dismiss the
alternatives to capitalism because of the

/ midfing

 

Fly The Chop

To the Editor: .

This letter concerns the meager selection
of food served during this spring 1982
semester. ls cltickcn tltrcc or four times a
week necessary? Chicken: fried; cacciatore;
roasted; romonofl': cutlets; salads; baked;
banned; burned; boiled; broiled; Bbq'd;
pot pied; partnesancd: and cassarolcd.

The variety makes rto difference. lt's
chicken no matter how you slice the dirty
bird. I don‘t even like cltickcn anymore.
thanks to your unappetixing recipes. in
fact. I ltave rarely been irt the cafeteria this
semester for dinner when chicken has ttot
been there.

No. it’s ntorc tltart just a simple personal
protest. my entire suite boycotts chicken.
The Rat cafeteria knows us well by rtotv.
Oh, you say we ltave chicken because it’s
cheap. How nttrclt tttore expensive is iish or
spaghetti or tacos or cvcrt turkey. l’m sure
something cart be done. How about some
variety. Alasi A new trend — roast beef.
That's been on the metro two times a week
now without fail. Why don't you pick on

 

 

rttlcs of capitalism. perhaps becattsc he
believes that they will work to his advan-
tagc.

The structure of ideas erttbodied in
capitalism present a danger because their
purpose becomes to protect the order.
Capitalism is a potent force that is becom-
ing ever more confining. As it narrows the
boundaries. it excludes ways of thinking
that are irt oppositiort to it either implicitly
(personal choices) or explicitly (socialism).
()ne itttist sustain one‘s critical perspective
so as ttot to become victims to this tighten-
ing of society or worse yet. becorttc com-
plicitous to the process that injures others
as well as oneself.

The many guises of capitalism descend
upon us like a cloud and allow its to retreat
iitto the world of illusions. We ntttst
acknowledge this clotid and seek to
politici/c aspects of our lives that we
presently accept uitcritically. It is a time for
change. If we are genuine in our desire to
fttrthcr tltc current debate on the proper
role of government. we must critically cx<
amine all of the alternatives. To my
understanding. the purpose of the
Democratic Socialist Organizing Commit-
tee is to improve the democratic process by
enlarging the scope of the political debate iii
the United States.

 

 

 

 

 
     

 

 

 

 

‘ is srﬂtudrME---

E
ﬁ
2

    

in hiatus TELL

T Hat's \dllEM THE cwsET
CM’lTItUSTS EMEkbE From

N...

  

 

vwzlmuuzﬂtsmuzwlwwwmwmtvwmmmi  -

 fire;

sirloin steak and feed that to Its four times a
week?

Most (if not all) students are fed tip with
the lack of food selection offered. I suggest
that you ask students. by means of a poll.
what foods they prefer. Let us decide what
we want to eat. l’m sure 1.200 students on
the Quad have something to say about lltc
problem. Yes. I know there are nutritional
conslderations we have to abide by. thu, it‘
we all work together the cafeteria at-
mosphere will be more enjoyable. and
maybe. even the food too. b'ccausc llte
situation couldn't possibly \Vorsctt.

Oh yes. you won’t see me tonight itccttttsc
nty winged feathered encnty is slatt‘ittg irt
your cafeteria. How mtrclt longer cart t
possibly avoid a chicken dominated utcuu'.’
— Jeff Freilat‘lt

 

Women’s Writes

 

To the Editor:

I am a student whose disappointment
with the ASP has been growing for stllttt'
tinte. t have been at SUNYA for two years
now and [have read the ASP weekly. l hruv
yet to find an article printed which itti
dresses a current issue that is bertclicial to
the safety, well-being. education. or iilit‘lt‘sl
of women.

The coverage given to women‘s sports .u
SUNYA is extremely lintitcd attd is ttppdll
ing when compared to the full L't)\L‘Ii|_L'L' ut
men’s sports. [Even more shocking is lilt‘
lack of responsiveness to womcu‘.
organizations around campus.

Art informative letter about the \"lltltt'tt‘s
Consciousness-Raising Crroups \ptlllsttlt'ti
by the Feminist Alliance was ‘losi‘ l1\ lilL'
ASP. When the letter was re-subntitted, It
was cltoppcd tip by tltc liditors and pttlttcti
with parts left out.

When the Feminist Alliance aitd I’tt'st-
dent's Task Force on Women's Satm Ic-
qucstcd a reporter to cover their Self
Defense Workshop last mohtlt. no UliL' \\.ts
sent. When one of the women there more
an article covering the evcrtt. the ASP chow
not to print it. Apparently. tltc ,tSI’tut-t.
that women's safety is ttot as valuable .ts
other issues.

The column front John Miles (l‘s'lttttttH
26.) did not benefit women. bttt was Ittgitlt
degrading — yet the ASP chose to prirtt u'
The columnist accused fcritiitists of \taittiru-
nothing ntorc than to be physically sltrtttgct
titan men. Mr. Miles should be aware that
women‘s efforts are not to reverse tltc c\

 

Ploitation of women by ittert. but to siutplt
rcntove it. lie correctly states that notuclt
are ltigltly effected by the behavior ol turn.
but falsely concludes that this relationship
is complimentary. Actually. the large clictl
men‘s hcltavior has on woutcn gives rise to
the urgent need for women's self-defense!
It is the ASI“s failure to print beneficial
material to women. its tendency to misptittt
beneficial ntalerial to women, turd its elt'ort
to reprint offensive material to wotttcrt that
has contintted to disappoint inc and mum

others.
— Roberta (iohlht‘rL’

SA Cliques

To the Editor:

I am writing because I am thoroughly
disgusted with the Student Association arid
the clique that exists within it.

SA has a purpose: they operate sortie 9t)
arena-S. using student tax money for l'ttitv
dine. This year. the “Big Fivr (SA Presi-
dent. VP. Controller. Director of Student
Programming and Central Council (‘ltairt
were the beneficiaries of a raise. This is
Perhaps understandable; aftcrall. they
spend the summer here. and cannot work at
a real job.

tn order to receive this stipend, they must
spend 30 hours (minimum) a week iii the of-
tiee. t'm sure Dave Pologc spends 30 hours
a week itt the office. bttt is he attending to
the problems of SA here at SUNYA? lie is
also the Vice-President for Campus Affairs

 

 

 

 

 

 

rains. Joint“

N

for SASU. What does he spend more time
on? Why has his administration failed to i
deal with the one major problem that has
been cited over the past four years: student
apathy? The lobby at thc,Capitol is proof
positive that SA has not dealt with this pro-
blem.

Another point of contention with me is
Central Council. and or alleged represen-
tatives. Council consists of 33 members, all
representing themselves. or their friends on
council. not the students who elected them.
instead of electing them. wity doesn’t Quad
Board just appoint them? Then. at least,

Calypso. Disco. Meringue and Reggae is
played. in the spring semester the main
events are: a film. a concert and a “Night
of Festivities" which has the same format
as “Caribbean Night.“

You don't have to be from the Caribbean
to be a member. We only request that you
have an interest in Caribbean ctiltiirc. The
Pan Caribbean Association meets on
Fridays at 6:30 pm. If you would like more
information. stop by the Pan-Caribbean
Association office in the Campus Center.
room 349.

—(.'avrei Howell

 

they would respect something other than
their own interests.

Finally. what. if anything. does Director
of Student Programming Steve Gross do to
earn his stipend? Whereis the Program
Board. which was supposed to help avoid
programming conflicts? The conflicts still
exist. and Steve Gross still gets his stipend.
The position was created with no specific
functions. Come on. guys. this is
ridiculous.

—(i.E. Gray

 

Nicaraguan Policy

 

To the Editor:

The Reagan administration concern that
Nicaragua will become another Cuba could
become a self-fulfilling prophecy. We‘ve
seen the cut-ofl'ol' promised US. economic
aid and repeated titreals to Nicaragua frortt
Secretary of State liaig. Most recently
Washington admits the CIA is ertgttgcd iii
covert operations to tic-stabilize Nicaragua.

Can you think of another policy better
designed to force Nicaragua to greater
economic artd military dcpeitdcitce on the

'Sovict Uitiort tittlcss it is the Reaganitcs

open encouragement ol' the proposed Latin
American partunilitary force which is to
strike against Nicaragua frottt Honduras?

Moderate Nicaraguan businessmen are
already modulating their complaints of
Sandinista heavy ltandcdncss to pledge their
support of the revolutionary government
under outside attack. Reminders of Yankee
intpcrialism‘s role in the overthrow of tltc
Allertdc government in Chile will cause
other Latin American countries to shy away
from support of Ann 'can policy.

No less an authority than Fidel Castro
himself has pnblically recognized the costs
of hostile relations with the United States
which leads to over dependence on the
Soviet Union. He has cautioned the San-
dinistas to try to maintain good relations
witlt the sttpcrpowcr to I‘c North which
casts its shadow over the eititrc Caribbean
region. But Reagan and l-laig scent unwillrtt
to accept the reality of the Nicaraguan
revolution which threw off the ltated
Somoza dictatorship itt 197‘). Our leaders
are too busy seeing red everywhere to rip-
prcciate the social attd economic contest itt
which cltartge occurs. This ideologically
rigid approach irortically may ettd tip offer—
ing the Nicaraguans no other option bill to
turn to Moscow if only for their own
defense. That's the r at danger we face.

‘ene Datum

 

Albany’s Sunshine

To the Editor:

The Pan-Carribbean Association serves
students who are interested irt learning
more about the cultural. political and
educational aspects of Caribbean life. It
also provides a unifying function for (‘arib-
bean students to distribtttc information on
Caribbean events in the Capital District. as
well as plans its own programs on the
SUNYA campus. I

Each semester there are several ms
teresting cultural events that are carried out
by the group. In the fall semester. around
November. tlterc is a main event “Carib-
bean Night" which features skits. speakers
(sometimes). foods from various Caribbean
countries untl a party in which Cadeuza.

 

Empty Nest

 

To the Editor:

As a member of the Board of Directors
of UAS. l intrst respond to the (March If.)
article by Ms. Laura l-‘iorentino on the
Marcit 3 lioard Meeting. first I want to ad-
dress tlrrce points'rincorrectly tcpttttcd.

> The “administration” proposal to in-
creasc board rates was itt fact a proposal
from the manager of UAS.

> the “outraged” students tnay ltavc
been outraged in sotttc other meeting or
forum. but tltcrc was no' “outrage” at the
March 3 Board rtteeting (itt fact many
members ttevcr said a word during the en-
'irc meeting).

>thc "adrttirtistiatiou" vote against no
increase proposal was iit fact corrrpiised
partially of facttity members. who are not
“administration”

i hope that irt the fllllll'C the ASP attd Ms.
l-‘iorcntino will do it better job of presetttittg
their "facts."

Second. I must correct the information
attributed to Mr. Wciitstoek about the
"nest egg." There is no “nest egg“ at UAS
from any prior two years' “profits.” This
was explained at length during the Marclt 3
Board meeting. The “profits” are from the
annual reports prepared. as they tntist be, in
conformance with generally accepted ac-
counting principles. Thcsc principles are
not appropriate for bttdgcl purposes! For
example. tltc cost of using cqtiiprttcrtt is has-
cd upon acquisition cost. while for any
budgeting this cost must be based upon cur-
rcttt rcplacctttcttt cost. In the case of UAS
over the last two y '(tt'S. this difference is
about the amount ol' the “nest egg." That
is. from 'a budgeting perspective tltcrc was
no “profit” during the prior two years.

——-Brnce l.. ()Iiver

Wrath In Graph

To the litlitor:

II has probably long been apparent to
tttost of its that l-',| Salvador holds ait impor-
taitt place itt controversial topics tltesc days.
it may even have filtered through the over-
abtiscd awat‘cttcsscs of sotttc that there are
people who feel so strongly about this sub»
ject that they must spray-paint ‘llS ()lfl
()li lil. SALVADOR‘ on the library. Don‘t
bother looking for it —— the maintenance
staff had started to paittt over it Monday.
Marclt 22.

The point is...(iodammit. the student
body is aware of the issue! (Tltosc who
aren't certainly can't be enlightened by
graffiti!) There are myriad better ways to
protest art issue tltart transient (anti may I
add illegal) scrawls which do NOT. repeat
NU'I'. add to the beauty of spring.

Don't forget. cvcry ittirttttc that tltc
maintenance people spend deliberately
brushing over those letters costs money.
Attd do you know wlterc that money comes
from? it comes frotu ()UR college expenses
and/or tltc otnttiprcsent “taxpayers'
money". And after the graffiti is painted
over. the only lasting change is tltis cost ititd

a slightly darker shade.
Graffiti can be beautiful, i suppose. but
itot on this campus. The tissue is well-
artd such ohrtoxiotrs dcrttonstrations
a turd reputation to those in-

 

known
cart ony give

volved in tltc protest.
—— E. R. Apgar

 

The returns from the recent elections in El Salvador are still incomplete, but
it appears that none of the parties in the election have won a majority. No mat-
ter which parties end up forming the ruling coalition. it's clear that the losers in
this election are the people of El Salvador. -

The election was a farce. The leftist opposition was absolutely right in refus-
ing to take part in an election that never had a chance to be democratic.

Compare an election in our country (to the election that the junta spon—
sored. in the  we have the basic l‘rccdonts necessary to carry out a fair and
democratic election. If you have enough money. you have almost unlimited ac-
cess to uncensored independent media. the right to hold political rallies.
freedom to speak your mind, and all those other rights indispensable to a
political candidate.

Salvadorans have no such rights. Their election took place under rigid martial
law. They have no freedom of speech. no freedom of assembly. no freedom of
the press. — do you get the idea? How can you hold an fair election when the
opposition can't express its opinion without being shot at?

The right wing parties in the election offered no great change from the tac-
tics of the present junta. The left saw too many of its leaders killed by govern-
ntent death squads'before the election to chance a public run for office. Their
representatives have been hunted down and slaughtered when operating in the
opett — that's one reason why they‘ve been forced to operate clandestincly.

Bogus elections are not the way to peace in El Salvador. Peace can only
come about through negotiations and shared power between the left and right.
under the democratic control of the country‘s people.

The peace plan suggested by Mexico‘s government should be supported by
our government. The Reagan administration should be encouraging negotia-
tions. not napalm. More killing will not stop the killing. A peaceful settlement is
the only way to build democracy in El Salvador — only then can a real election
take place.

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

 

 

— _
. . - i ) I." "l‘ ‘
and (At mall/me "Wynne ,\ i _ (. .h
Ellablllhld In "10
Dun Boll. Editor In Cit/at
WIynl Putnboom. Dlvld ‘l’tunhnuur. Managing Editors
New: Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Jule Elsanbntp
Aﬂoat-lo Nuwa Editor: . nth Brlnsar. Mark Hammond
ASPcctI Editor . . . . . . . .. .. Androw Carroll
Anodiato ASPIetI Editor David Brooks
Sound and Vision Edllnt . Mark Rossini
Sport: Edltni . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . .. ... Larry Kuhn
Alloclltl Spoil: Editoie . . Mlcbanl Caimnn. Mark Gnsnnr
Edltorlll Plan Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. dun aninn
Copy Editor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Claltr-t Schnnldai

 

lert-tu: Kristina Andntaon, Fnlocla Botaot. Ray Callglum. Kttn Cantor.
Rot: Ednlatatn. Bltt Ftechtu. Rent Btnabaig, Bethany Gotds~
duo. Ctalo Marks. Jon Mltns. Susan

Edllorlal All tan . Tntt Kaplowttz. Sill
Hubntl‘Kﬁnnltlh chkny, Mtcttaol Dlnowttz. .tlrn Dllon.
tntn. Knn Gordon. Stovn Gossntt. Matt: Haspnl. Stnphon Intnld. Dobbin .lu
Mtlltgait. Dobbin Mllltttrin. John Moran, Carol anhousa. Madnllnn Pascuccl, Stnvan Poppnt. Barbara Rtsalvato.
Mare Schwarz. Lisa Strattt.5tlll Cartoonllll: Bob Bugbnn. Stnvon than. Spectrum and Evan“ Editor. Betsy
Cantptsl. Zodlac and Preview Editor: Llaa Sttalnstltt Emotltuu: Bob Ballalloln. Stnvnn A. thnnbntu. Rob E. Grub-
ntntt. Sylvia Saundnts, Both Sprint. Joann Wnlnnt.

   

lionnll Stovlnl. DtISIItBSS Manager
Jlnol Droltun. Adverltsmp Manager
David Nltll lelio. Sales Manager

Bllllng AccountantL.
Payroll Supotvllar
Ollch Co-otdlnator ..
Cllulllod Manager .

ilnnn Kallowltz
. Jnitnltnialock
..Mniat Garbaitno
. . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . .. . . Mnllsaa Waaaointan

to into. Andtnw Horn. Dobbin Ittbast. Mindy Scttulinan. Advertlllnq Productlon '
Advutlnlng Production: Ronl Ginsburg. Mlndy Horowitz. Susan
Patricia Hamtnnt. Atlco Mchrmott. Mary Elton Murphy.

. . . . . . .. Hndy Btodnt, Judy B. Saute. Karen Saidott
.. . . . . . . .. A

 
 
   
  
   

Advnttlllng Sal-I. John
Manager-z Susan Kaptan. Dlanno Glacola.
Pnailntan. Mullasa Wasantmnn. Olllco Stall: Jannl Gttlb.
Judy Tornt
Jack Durlchlnu. Product/an Manager
Ann Hoch. Assoc/ate Production Manager

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Cathtn Ryan
. ' h I I ' h   ...........BltlBon|lla
oycn Balk. Lynda Bonvnnuto. Tina Bouln. Carol Bury. Mary Duonan.
dnrulnnvn. Snptambat Klnln. Sltatyn Lovlnn. Zarl

Cltlel Typo-otter
Vertical Carnot
Flute-up: Lori Cuiaun. rla Sarcl. Typl .
Ellrnbotb Haontan. Vltnlnlu Hubnr. Marlo Gaibatlno. Joanna Gull
Stuttl.Cb|ultIur. Martha Halnai

   
    

Phul II it Supplied prlnclpally by Urttvumty Photo Saivtca
Chlonhtftozuphon Marc Hanlchnl, UPS Stall: Dnvn Auhot. Lllﬂl Boallck. Alan Calont. Karl Chan. Amy Cotton.
Shorty Cotton. Davtd Hair-an, Dlvld antrttttnt. Lola Mutt-bent. Alan Mantln. Sun Mlndtctt. Mani Nolann. Sun-

Stulnkninp. Warren Stout. Marty WIlcoo. Gall Wltaon. WIII Yutmln
In publlnnsu rtvtiry Tuesday and Funny dutlna the school year by the Albany Studant

tot-profit cuipoiatlan. Edttorllta are wiltlnn by the Editor In Chief wlttt
Inct to tnvlow by tho Edltotlnl Board. Advanlulng pollny don: not

Thu Albany Student PMBI
Pllllﬂ Corporatlon. an Indnpandont not»
inhmbaia at tho Edttorlll Board; pulley In sub
nrtcnauatlly rallact odltorlll pollcy.

Matting Iddlnﬂl:
Albany Student Press. cc 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Alblny. NY 12222
(5"!) 45788021332203“

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

r‘ 41.1.. p,» 1 5 ‘w "-

 

 

 

r

