  
 

 

 

“Musw u ,

4- Mr; ..

 

 

"DU!-

an one

  
    
  
  
 
  
  
 

s (aspects on ruesday

RonstadtClOses In

et Closer. Linda Ronstadt's first

G studio album in two and a half
years. contains the most powerful
performances of her career. With strong
women rockers, like Pat Benatar topping
the charts and the sales, it’s about time that
a veteran performer such as Ronstadt

shows them how to stay on top. The album
is simple. clean and polished.

Nancy Klepsch

Linda Ronstadt could possibly be called
the most successful female rock star. the
only female performer to have five con-
secutive platinum albums. Her pro-
fessisonal career began in Los Angeles
where she formed the Stone Poneys with
Kenny Edwards and Bob Klmmel. The

 

unfulfilled contract with Capital Records.
Ronstadt fulfilled It as a solo artist. recor-
ding her first hit. “Long, Long Time." Later
business snd musical alliances were iortned
with Andrew Gold. Peter Asher and The
Eagles who gained their reputation as her
back-up band.

Ronstadt's albums usually contain
something old. something burrowed. and
Something new. Get Closer is no excep-
tion, ortly this album does it better titan
previous albums. l’t'odurer l‘ett't Asher
and Ronstadt have taken rock. soul. and
country songs and made them itttn modern
standards In crisp studio perfection. Dolly
Parton's “My lilue ’l'ems" and George
Jones' hit "Sometimes You Can’t Win"
done as a duet with JD. Souther adds an
authentic flavor of country music. Ronstadt
sounds as if she was born arid raised in
Nashville. Tenn.

 

 

 

problem that music reviewers

A have always faced Is the problem
of conscientiously tryirtg to cover

as much of the new material as possible
There are a tremendous number of new
groups. albums. concepts. etc.; plus there
are the established artists whose reputation
demands attention, A great deal of sifting is

Robert Schneider

do‘ﬁETy reviewers to sepemte the gold
from the sand. Once In a while. some
“gold” is found where it Isn't expected.
This is the case with Cawiazz. Jerry Jeff
Walker's latest release. It probably has been
overlooked by many. but It's definitely
worth looking into.

Jerry Jeff Walker. at least in a song
writing sense, has had us and downs. but

 

Stone Poneys split up In 1967. leaving an .

 

    

The Stone Poney's days of folk are 5
represented by Kate McGarrlgle's “Talk To l
Me of Mendlclno". a song of homesickness i
that makes you want to phone home.
Ronstadt combines grace with restraint for i

Jerry Jeff Walks

few middles For example. he is the sole
composer of the classic "Mr. Bojangles"
which nearly everyone has recorded and
made lots of money from, except Its
author. Jerry Jeff Walker. Unfortunately.
his songwriting efforts didn't fare nearly as
well as “Mr. Boiangles". For someone with
his background and credentials. this is sur-
prising.

Born and raised near Woodstock.
Walker was heavily influenced by the folk
music that began to achieve recognition In
the Fifties. Woody Guthrie and Pete
Seeger were Important to Walker he em-
barked on a Dylan-esque odyssey after
high school. as he ventured into the new
world of the coffeehouse. When Walker
met songwriter Bob Bruno. Circus Max-
imus was born. The group garnered a great
deal of critical support in their New York

 

McGarrlgle's sortg without tnaking it too
sentimental or corny. Rock and pop are
represented by Rod Taylor's “Mr. Radio"
and Jimmy Webb's "The Moon is a Harsh
Mistress" and "Easy For You to Say",

Tall

nightclub days of the late Sixties. When the
band split for artisitic reasons, Walker link-
ed up with David Bromberg. who many
hear know from his local performances,
During the Seventies. Walker had a small
success with the single "L.A. Freeway". but
never managed to achieve the mass
popularity that he deserved. Unless Cow-
}azz manages to “be discovered" it's ques-
tionable as to whether Walker will hit it big
this time.

The record Is more like two EP's rather
than an album. That is. side one is a com-
bined rock-folkcouniry sampling. while
side two is more sentimental and introspec-
tive. Walker walks the thin line between
folk and country on the whole album. The
first tune. “Dealing With the Devil". tells
the tale of someones (Walker?) struggle
with the decision to give up the vices of
youth and settle down to an adult ex-
istence. He does a nice cover version of
Dylan's “Don't Think Twice". featuring a
snappy steel guitar by Mike Hardwick. His
version of the Dylan standard does nicely
In the light of comparison. and some might
even consider Walker's rendition better.

Walker possesses a fairly unique style of
singing: he almost gives the impression of

i one who’s lost his voice but continues on
1 bravely. it's obvious that he hasn't. actual-

ly, and the gruffness serves to make the
ballads more realistic. Ballads do dominate
the record. but titere are one or two une-
quivocable rock songs. The better of the
two is “Green Back Dollar". a tune written
by Hoyt Axton and Ken Ramsey. This song
also deals with a conflict within someone
over their lifestyle. but this rocker has an
enjoyable lead guitar solo for the last one-
thtrd of It. Bobby Rambo, the soloist. really
isn't tested anywhere else. This isn't due to
lack of skill. rather. lack of opportunity.
Side two of Cowiuzz has the capability to
relax you and make you think itt a way

' slmiliar to some Bob Dylan records. Con-

taining the more meaningful songs on the
album. the side ranges from basically one
man. one guitar on “Laying My Life On the
Line". to more sophisticated tunes like
“Still Around". The latter is art extremely
pleasing compostion. written by Walker

 

Unlike her previous albums that contatn
songs written by champion Songwriters
such as JD. Souther. Elvis Costello, Karla
Bonoff and Warren Zevon, she has chosen
soul-related rock and roll front the early
and mid-1960's. ike and Tina Turner's hit
“1 Think it's Gonna Work Out Fine“ works
with James Taylor in a duet. Ronstadt and
Taylor equal ike and Tina in drth rllid
energy.

The feeling is also there in the iixuters'
1962 hit "Tell Him" and the Knicker~
bockers' 1965 hit. "Lies". "Lies" ts an
unexpected pleasure servad with power.
turn this one up when you listen to it.
These obscure oldies are refreshing and
energetic and much less contrived rrr fritt-
ed than a Joan Jett cover version of “(firm

 

son and Clover".
“Get Closer" Works because it is \tittiilc
without being redundant. The lir'llrtitt .- in...
ween spontaneous rock and roll and
calculated studio precision is handled u.
the listener is served Well by the sprite 'tt'ltti
classic rock settings. "Tell Him" is ittri thu
hysterical high school girl Love-tum” {It
lust-die version of the original \Itii'i, il 2. ..
direct performance that copitnt“, thr
of an accomplished performer It“. ivw ‘
wotnen like the Go-Go's llUl'il to all... [I

work for Ronstadt; it's \U')l)(l\’iltii llt ti
realizes that. Ronstadt has the tiltilitt, i
hold back her strong Viili'k? so it «wr- it
' stead of screeches.

It Is the physical power huntilwi in t.
experienced voice that makes llti‘. .tit nnr
outshlne the rest. Get Closer is tin: it. .1
album in which the rocker in Ronstadt Irtll
shines the balladeer.

himself. As on other parts of the l't‘tliitl,
this too deals with a Crossroad in Ones illt‘
This time, It's directed at a friend or llt'.‘t‘i
informing them of Walker's sattstar limit
with the “here and now". if a single n
released (doubtful). “Still Around" thtlltl
be the best choice. "Wind" is probably the
best produced song on Cowjazz. it isn't tin-
best. however. For some reason, Walla-t
tries to make his hoarse voice do things it

best when he plays the “qualities” of his
voice for all they're worth. Disguising it on
ly makes him sound foolish.

All this will pass unseen

hear the record.

To those that do, Cowiazz
may be a clearcut
definition of what they’d
considera musical

goldmine.

Criticisms of this album are few and far
between. Walker does an excellent tub Hi
writing and choosing the cover tunes on
Cowjazz. What's so pleasing about Jerry
Jeff Walker is his unpretentiuusness .rnti
honesty. it's fairly clear that some of lln‘
tunes here are autobiographical and pain
lul. Walker is admitting to his loyal llSlt'llt‘t’t
that good 01' Jerry Jeff is entertng lilltltllt’
age and realizing it. He enables one to .n
lually sense the time of crisis that ltt"s littilhl
through. and the listener can't help taut Ll‘"
the impression that Walker is ltttittlltiwi u
well,

All this will pass unseen to many tit” IIl~
who never get the opportunity to ltL‘til lilt'
record. To those that (lo, (.‘ottutmr tnrtv lit'
a clearcut definition of Wlitll they'tl tun
skier a musical golrirnine ‘

 

 

couldn't possibly imagine. He sounds in» .

to many people who never

l
' i
l
i

like grown up Mouseketer'rs int: n \nttnltw '

 

 

 

 

 

H11ng y_-v1 v u . . . . .

business. then Monsignor the

new Niven/Yablans film should
do very well indeed. The film. starring
Christopher Reeve as a young American
priest takes place behind the scenes of the
post World War ii Vatican and lmplles
everything from mafia connections to illicit
sex.

I f controversy ls good box office

 

Megan Gray Taylor

 

It is clear from the start that the pro-
ducers of this film started out to make a
serious film about corruption in the guise of
religious devotion. But somewhere along
the line someone said. "that will never sell.
throw some sex into it. that always sells".
So that's exactly what they did. Half way
through the film the young Father Flaherty.
in military uniform sans chaplain crosses
meets postulant (nun to be) Genevieve Bu-
)old. She appears innocent but In fact in the
next scene she casually disrobes telling him
she only has an hour before she must be
back at the convent. The director. Frank
Perry, obviously recognized this incongrui-
ty of character and subsequently gave her a
ridiculous speech (while she's In bed nak-
ed) about how she alwa s at hurt so the

 

 

by is this book different from all
other books? Why. I'll tell you
why. According to Jewish Law.

this book is written by people who do not
exist." So begins editor Evelyn 'i‘orton
Beck‘s introduction to Nice Jewish Girls. a
collection of fiction. poetry. essays and
photographs by twenty-five women who
are both Jews arid lesbians. _ _____ A_

Robin Ritterman

'WE‘Wﬁitifﬁﬁt for these women
to claim and examine botlt identities. and
why does it make us so uncomfortable that
they do? Evelyn Beck answers that.
also——“. . . when people asked me what i
was working on. and l answered. “A book
about Jewish lesbians." tny answer was
met with startled laughter and unmasked

 

surprise bordering on disbelief . . .

i began to understand the limits that the
dominant culture placed on ‘otherness.’
You could be. u 'ew and people would
recognize that as rl religious or ethnic affilia-
tion or you could be a lesbian and some
people would recognize that as an ‘alter-
native lifestyle' or 'sexunl prelerence.’ but if
you tried to claim both Identities — publicly
and politically — you were exceeding the
limits of what was permitted to the
marginal. You were in danger of being
perceived as ridiculous or threatening."

,__._——-

 

‘Melodrama At‘

 

might as well get to it.

This. along with the other supposedly
moving scenes left the audience laughing.
The dialogue fell to such levels as: "l'm liv-
ing with a need to tell you something i can't ‘
tell you". Reeve says in trying tell her he is
a priest, “Let It out" she replies. all while
the camera pans over the Vatican In the
distance. inappropriate laughter remained
a problem throughout this part of the
movie. which only lasted a total of about
20 minutes. (thank god for small favors).
including the final moment of discovery
and confrontation.

Part (but obvioust Just another small
part) of the problem was the discrepancy in
looks of Reeve and Buioid. She looks 40
and hard (hardly the innocent postulant)
whereas he looks 24. even in the end of
the film when he should look 50. This )ust
seems to add to the already em-

. barassment of the actors.

But lets not lose sight of the real story this
love story Is supposed to sell. Clearly there
is much wheeling and dealing behind the
closed doors of the Vatican. but this par-
ticular view inside Is guaranteed to offend
Catholic and Non-Catholic alike. The
Church is seen as a financial bedfeliow of
the Mafia. and deeply entrenched in the

 

  

oost war black market.

This film. however weak the Abraham
Polonsky. Wendell Mayers screenplay. has
a tremendous amount of talent ﬂoating
through It. The love scenes are as weak as
the scenes of the genuine affection and
understanding developed between Reeve
and his patron Cardinal (played
magnificently by Fernando Rey) are strong.
Joe Cortese. as Fiaherty‘s childhood friend
who facilitates the Church-Mafia connec-
tion is convincingly obedient to his masters
(Don Vito. played by Jason Miller. was
another brilliant character portrayal wasted
in this film).

The Yablans/Perry team behind this film

is the same team that brought us Mommie
Dearest. Their sense of good taste has
clearly not changed. Perry seems convinc-
ed that there is a direct parallel between
Mafia hierarchies and the hierarchies of the
Church. obedience being the shared
’understanding between priest and punk.
Conveniently the young American. who
violates the Geneva code in killing some
advancing Germans. (which conveniently
nsplres an allied counter attack), is
.ransferred to the Vatican.and convenient-
ly his advanced degree in finance allows
him to become the favored of those with
the most power. all a bit to convenient to
.92 believable?

Christopher Reeve. in his first major film
since Deotlttrop was out of his element Irt

Nice Jewish Girls

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Nice Jewish Girls explores antisemitism
tn the Women's Movement and
homophobia in the Jewish community.
Through essays. fiction. poetry. journal en-
tries and letters many women tell their own
stories: Black women. Arabic women. sur-
vivors of the holocaust. israell women. in

 

the center of the book there is a collection

 

of photographs of Jewish lesbians by JEB.
a photographer well known in the women’s
community.

One of my favorite pieces is a poem by
Dovtda Ishatova. Dovida's mother. Henia
Goodman. Is a survivor of the holocaust.
Both women are pianists and have been

the serious acting his role required. Reeve
Is an actor who believes in preparing
himself totally for a role (witness the Inten-
slve weight lifting an conditioning he did for
Superman). Before Monsignor began film-
lng the actor spent ttrne at a Paultst retreat
In upstate New York. but although this may
ltave generated a rather static look of tran-
quiIIty that Reeve hold's throughout the
film. the basic question of faith was not
within his graspuand was lacking in the
film. in an interview in New York Reeve
responded. "Was he (Flaherty) a man of
faith?"

The actor's question is one that i suspect
the director's never bothered to answer.

   
 

 

Flaherty‘s character vascilates between

' . faithful servant of God and world money

market power boss. The end is as trite as
hey come. Producer Yablans said he had
)een waiting 7 years to bring the French
novel by Jack Alain Leger to the screen. he
should have continued to wait.

As someone who was raised a Catholic. l
was less offended then a non-Catholic
companion. but perhaps that's because i
was too busy laughing at this overblown
trteiodrama to take It seriously. My final
verdict ls mixed. There are scenes that are
memorable both in acting and
cinematography and there are those that
are better forgotten. if you have a free 2
hours. give If a try. "_

oerforrning together across the country.
This poem. an excerpt from their program
‘From Mother to Daughter and Back
Again.” Is written to Henia. Dovida tells of
some of her mother's experiences in
Auschwitz. as well as her own response to
a mother who had many needs and many
fears.

Irehelled and yet

Here I am today no longer afraid

o/ loulng you or losing myself

I cry [or all the years I couldn't unders-
tand ‘
[cry for all the years i couldn't freely love
you

You who needed so much love and

 

compassion . . .

Nice Jewish Girls is an exciting' book. It
has been important to me in drawing con-
nections between my being Jewish and my
Jeing a lesbian. his a statement of pride In
one's individual identity. and a step toward
building strong alliances through affirming
and accepting difference.

Three of the contributors. Melanie Kaye.
lrena Klepfisz and Bernice Mennis, will be
reading selections from the book on Thurs-
day. October 28. 7:30 pm in Cltanning
Hall (Unitarian Church). 405 Washington
Ave. across from Draper Hall. sponsored
by the Albany Feminist Forum. A donation

- of $2.50 is suggested. Free childcare will
. 3e provided and everyone is welcome._ El

 

 

w..- .é ;:;L:_.-c..~t,...o_~,. .



     
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
   
    

 

1‘}:

 

 

