 

  

 

page"sa/Mqrch 26. 1932 .

 

 

arry loves Gertrude. i think. and

he's rushed straight home from the

sea to make the portly bartendress
his own. But Gertrude feels victimized by
men. and she can't bring herself to trust
Harry. So Harry packs up his duffel bag and
heads for the door. Yet Gertie does love the
big lug after all. but not after he pulls a wed-
ding dress from the bottom of the sack. She
points to the door again. but has hardly done
that before Harry's turned and taken her in
his arms. .

Andrew Carroll

Listen. guys. when you have this thing
worked out. why don‘t you give me a call?
1‘" be home studying. and probably having a
better time than I did at The Sea Horse. the
current University Theater offering. which
runs tonight and tomorrow at the PAC.

Edward J. Moore's California seaside
lover's quarrel is less a play than it is one of

    

 

   

around the music.

lobby of the cc.
Call 457-7508 for more info.

 

those "serious" Saturday Night Live skits.
starring. say. Gilda Radner as a drowsy
chain-smoking barmaid listening to the
boozy monologue of the guest host. But at
least those bits of pretenslon were over in
under 5 minutes. The histrionics in The Sea
Horse go on for an hour and a half.

it's hard to see where Director Paul Ed‘
I wards and his two leads went wrong. which
is a case. i suppose. of not being able to see
the forest for the trees. Let's start' with
Moore's script. which manages to dredge up
a hall century's worth of tired. down-and-out
lovers' cliches. earning merit only for the
one's he happened to avoid. Gertrude is the
crusty dame with the heart-of—gold. once
young and beautiful but now ravaged by
time and men. She loves Harry. a sometime
seaman and all-the-time dreamer. in spite of.
herself. torn between the image of the life
she once dreamed of and the one she is be-
ing compelled to accept. Can l stop here?
The second act culminates in what a com-

SAFAM is a Boston based musical group who perform a mixture oftrodittonal.
rock and roll. and Jewish folk music. Besides entertaining. SAFAM (meaning
“mustache” in Hebrew) hopes to work toward “creating Jewish optimism"in their
music. while trying to teqch Jews about their religion. Educators have picked up
on their message. creating programs at religious schools and youth centers

SAFAM will be performing tomorrow night in the Campus Center Ballroom at
8:30 pm. Tickets are on sale at the JSC-Hillel office. on dinner lines. and in the

 

 

 

 

 

 

\t'

        
    

 

panlon described as "duelling monologues,"
as Gertie and Hank discuss childhoods apt
prupriaiely aswarm with depravity. violence.
and the gratuitous gang rape. On another
stage. with another script. with two better ac-
tors. some of these episodes might well pro-
ve moving; here it sounds like “Can You
Top This" at the counselling center. Typical
of the act's rhetoric is Gertrude's sudden ad-
mission to Harry that "I've been hurt. I can't
have kids." (Harry. that old softie. loves the
little critters). The line wins the Spaceship
Columbia Non Sequitur award. for coming
so completely out of the blue.

The fault of the evening can't lie totally
with Moore. Even his paltry script doesn't
deserve the treatment given it by Kyle
Pulliam as Harry. Pulliam never seems to
have a full grasp of who or what Harry is. or
how any of his lines should be delivered. We
don't believe for a second that he actually
feels for Gertrude. nor the fact that we're ac-
tually laughing at some of his lighter lines. A
failure as a lover and comedian. he also
reveals how poor a ship's engineer is Harry.
He imitates the sounds of the motors. raising
this question: why do the churning engines

of the ship whisper Gertrude's name in a
squeaky falsetto? I'd get a little oil.

Mary Meacher fares slightly better as Ger»
trude. but only slightly. Her smooth pink
face and little girl's voice are all wrong for
“Dirty Gertie." This is a woman raised in an
all-male. seaside bar. whose habitues idea of
after-hours fun is a go at the barmaid. That
Gertrude survived and overcame that tur—
ment is a credit to her character. and some of
that struggle and wordllness deserves to be
recreated convincingly on the stage.

Even the University's consistently .ex-
cellent scenic crew delivers a let-down this
time. Glenn Stuart's barroom has some nice
touches (including some roughly finished
paneling suggestive of pillngs at a boat
dock). but. like Meacher. comes across as
too clean and nice to suggest a real “Sea
Horse."

Which is the whole problem with the play.
It seems to be a presentation by people
whose sole experience with this lifestyle
came from a Saroyan or Steinbeck novel.
The time of my life it wasn't. and like Cart-
nery Row. The Sea Horse gave off a bad
smell. if)

 

directed

DO MISS MARGARIDA, HITLER, &
REAGAN HAVE ANYTHING IN
COMMON?

Find out for yourself by seeing
Roberto Athayde’s play

“MISS MARGARIDA’S WAY”

A University Theater Production

by Luiz Vasconcellos

LIVE! ON STAGE! LAB THEATER
SUNYA PERFORMING ARTS CENTER

Tuesday through Saturday
March 30 through April 3

8PM

$2 Students. Senior Citizens. Sunya Faculty/Staff/Alumni

$3 General Public

"Mordant, funny sometimes subtle and ultimately moving"
-—New York Times

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
  

oug and the Slugs. huh? What the

hell kind of name is that anyway?

Adam and‘the Ants. more over.
ore small creatures are on the way. it Just
0 happens that Doug will bring his Slugs to
. B. Scott's tonight. They've also released a
ew album. Wrap it! ‘

 Robert Schne—ide;

 

The band hails out of that 1980's rival of
ngland: Canada. Add Doug and the Slugs
. the list that includes Loverboy. Red
yder. and Chilliwack. to name just a few.
his group consists of Doug Bennett. vocals:
ohn Burton and Rich Baker. guitars; Steve

osley. bass; Simon Kendall. keyboards;
' nd John Wally Watson. on drums. Besides
eir choice of name. they show their sense
f humor on the album sleeve. which is a
ory of the album. and just how low they
ere willing to stoop to produce a hit record.
ith or without quality. They list exactly
* hat they paid for. from the concept of the
bum right on through the crew. They say
by did it for $100000. i think more should
ve been paid on the instruments. and less
the extras.
Side one opens with a song that might
. ve sounded better if it were slowed down
jl‘p'st a little. Make that a lot. "Dangerous" is
-'.f ‘st plain too fast —— neurotically so. in fact. it
{Elbert have a nice multi-level combination of
'lﬁad singing. an answering chorus. and

ligacklng vocals. later in the song.

1r.

antics

, he Seduction is one of the silliest
. movies l've seen in years. I suspect
' that writer-director David

grhmoeller sold it by telling producer lrwin
ablans that he had an idea for a movie

 

 
     

about Morgan Fairchlld running around' in
[‘h‘er underwear.

Jim Dixon

ﬁll that was the case. he lived up to his ar-
tistic obligations. Otherwise. Tire Seduction
 a Maidenform commercial masquerading
as a B-movie thriller.
The premise Is that Ms. Fairchild plays the
- . w stereotype movie heroine of the
"eighties. a TV journalist. who is pursued by
' at stereotype TV movie and cop show
‘ vlllain of the seventies. the Psycho-of~the-
Week. There is no real plot. and not much of
' pretense of one. The psycho. in this case a

 

 

 
    

 

 pursues her in a single—minded courtship. in-
- fading every facet of her life. and frightening

. would like to make it clear to my
I readers that l happen to love
. modern art. i am happiest when a
ork of art challenges and demands my
mplete attention. Nonetheless. l was
omewhat perturbed and confused at the
‘abric lnto Art" Exhibit at the University

 

 

allery.
, Debbie Miilman
Tim—'27;"7;;ca‘3‘“"n:.z"1.a

ﬂint/collages. fabric sculptures and portrait
usiumes. Miriam Shapiro's collage and
crylic on canvas. “My NoseGnys are for
’ Captives." seemed to be a conglomerate of
hundkerchiefs. fabric flowers and a cotton
embroidered apron. But it appeared to be a
mish-mash of muted colors rather than a
carefully constructed collage.
lts neighbor was Harmony l'lammund's
Empress". a sculpture of fabric. acrylic. and
Paper which seriously resembled a flying
tangerine lifesaver. Robert Kauschenberg's
paper-Cloth "Pyramid Drawing" was. stir-
prisingly. quite good. the juxtaposition of
“L’Qative/positive space and its illusive reality

'igg‘iﬁg- Do“

jg? (V. g

 
  

 

 

 

Doo wop you wanna do: Doug Bennett slides into J.B. Scott's tonight. promoting

the Slugs' latest. Wrap lt!

 

“Real Enough." the next song. starts out

‘ as your typical doo-wap 50's tune. complete

with a backing baritone and finger snapping.
ls this Fabian. or the Coasters? No. because
30 seconds later. the tempo launches into a
reggae style beat. while retaining the backing
baritone and doo-waps. Strange. Their en-
joyment of the 50‘s sound continues from
last year's Cognac and Bologna LP. as “(Just
a little bit) Embarrassed" contains some un-
mistakeable sounds of that decade. along
with (would you believe) a Warren Zevon-
ish "a-hooooo" from Werewolves of London
at every chorus.

Doug Bennett. the lead vocalist. is a basic.
blue chip singer. whose biggest fault is that

From

her very badly. Eventually. he kills her
boyfriend (played by a very paunchy Michael
Sarrazin) and Ms. Fairchild forces herself to
strike back. chasing a killer with a shotgun
while dressed in Fredericks of Hollywuod
negligees.

I found at least three movies getting ripped

off here. and sharp-eyed viewers might find I

more. I can forgive the lack of originality.
What I can't forgive is doing it all so badly.
You'll never get a great film out of the con-
ventions Schmoeller is trying to use. but you
might get a hallway decent one. Schmoeller.
unfortunately. seems to have no idea how to
take the conventions and make them work.
Having so many movies to copy. there's
really no excuse for that.

For example. if the heroine is going to put
up with this prolonged harassment and then
have to fend for herself in the climax. there
has to be some reason for the police not to
be around. Putting the heroine in a deserted
location might do. or the police could know
what's going on. but the clever killer finds a

"e‘ll “,l ’lji ll" ll
 ill  i; fir ill

  
 

    
    

110 of Arman's “450 Gallons": For the
duporinwut store, not a gallery.

 

see more than hat .I. ll seemed in he
draped from a nail on the wall like a dirty
towel. C'est la vie.

Tunie Roos' oil on canvas. "Matisse and
was successful. This. perhaps. was the
strongest piece in the show.

Sam Gilliam's fabric printed on linen.
"l’hilly Soft." was actually quite good. but it
was hung in such a fashion that one couldn't
Model". was an interesting piece; however.
the copy of Matisse's original left much to be

he likes to emulate Southside Johnnaa wee
bit too much. This is especially evident dur‘
ing “Partly from Pressure" and “infrared.”
Southside and his flock of imitators are like
icy showers at 6 AM — if you like them. fine.
otherwise sleep on.He does redeem himself
on other tracks. notably “Not on the
Corner." where there is a resemblance to
another Canadian. Robbie Robertson. late of
The Band.

Bennett is very likeable when he sets his
own course and follows it. rather than copy-
ing other singers. He shows pleasant innova-
tion during “Wrong Kind of Right". when he
calmly requests a 20 second long solo froln

eaven

“In Seduction,

shoulder.
seen better.”

way of distracting their attention and drawing
them away. Schnroeller. however. opts irr-
stead for having hero and heroine do the
smart thing and tell the police that the
psycho has invaded Ms. Fairchild's house
not once but twice. the second time clearly
intending to rape her. The detective they're
talking to (played by Vince Edwards) tells
them he hasn't really committed any crime.
As soon as Stevens makes her screw up on

the six o'clock news. however. the cops are '

Fit

desired. The extended fabric was ingenious.
though a little trite.

The next two pieces questioned the validi-
ty of the entire exhibit. Arrnan's “450
Gallons". 45 hats arranged in a rectangle.
seemed to belong in a department store
rather than a reputable gallery. l was almost
hoping 45 treads would jump out of the wall
behind them. And I couldn't decipher what
Joseph Beuy's “Felt Suit". neatly hung and
folded on a plastic hanger. was supposed to
symbolize. Was it the neat. little shadows
underneath it that were supposed to catch
the viewer's attention? Perhaps it was the
lapels. In any case. it was a beautifully cun~
Slrlit‘lUtl article of clothing. It just seemed out
of plnct’ in a gallery.

Robert Morris' brown felt "sculpture." “un-
titled." was extremely disturbing It looked
like what you put under basement carpeting.
It also needed to he vacuumed. On the
other hand. Mlt'liitL‘ Berkowtiz's and
Vanessa tlnmes' costumes were bright and
innovative. Perhaps if the entire exhibit coir
sisted of their Works and the works of
Knuschenberg's and Roos'. it would have
been more successful. lul

 

Ms.
doesn't do anything
orslivFlol'hlt‘i'l‘ii'lo . Rhod'i h‘am ely
semi-nude with a lot of naked
And as shoulders

 

guitarist Rich Baker. and then proceeds to
countdown the 20 seconds asked for in 5 se-
cond chunks. Timed solos. with a count-
down? What next? '

Probably the best song on the album.
"Frankie". especially points out what this
band can do if it wants to. It's an upbeat.
happy song. Pencil rapping and foot tapping
are definitely encouraged. It would probably
do well as a single. probably breaking Into
the Top 40 domain given time and somr.
breaks. The album closes on a semi-
depressing note. a slow smooth tune called
plainly "River." The listener is caught un-
prepared for this introspective love song.
The entire album up until this point had been
quick and lyrically light. in another context.
or taken individually. the song isn't bad at all.
it's a case of wrong place. right song. It does
show a more mellow side of the group.
however.

Taken en toto. the band and album leave
a listener satisfied. but curious. Can they
diversify and polish their sound? Certainly a
better job of recording could be done. as
there is a flatness to the music. one that
should be engineered out. The guitars are
basic. with no really outstanding riffs or
solos. The bassist. Steve Bosley. does a nice
job on "Embarrassed" with a bluesy bass riff.
This is clearly a BAND. not a collection of
masters stepping oever and around each
other making music. The music is good. but
it remains to be seen if Doug and the Slugs
are just a passing shadow. or a solid object
on the musical landscape. [7

  
 
  
 
 

Falrc

3
site «are so

ﬁl‘t’edr
Hos fire

all over him. There must be a message there.

In other words. The Seduction only works
dramatically if you can accept the mos
ludicrous set of circumstances I've seen in a
vaovie in quite some time. One might
forgive even that. however. if the producers
lived up to their promises (implicit in the ads)
that we'll be treated to all manner of glorious
cheap thrills. We're not. With one or two
fleeting exceptions. Ms. Fairchlld doesn't do
anything she doesn't do on Flamingo Road
~— narnely appearing semi-nude with a lot of
(gasp!) naked shoulder showing. And as
shoulders go. I've seen better.

There isn't a lot of violence to replace the
sex either. The Seduction hasn't a chance of
working as a horror movie or suspense
thriller. partially because Schmoeller doesn't
know how to build suspense. and partially
because Andrew Stevens is such a wimpy
psychoputh it's impossible to be even slightly
afraid of him for even a moment. Wandering
around in blue blazers and blow-dried hair.
Stevens seems more prepared for Parent's
Weekend at Princeton than an evening of
rape and murder. And for his part.
Schmoeller pulls every stunt to build
suspense and shock that every other director
has tried in the last few years H dollying in
front of the nervous heroine. and having her
bump into someone as soon as she turns her
head. for example. No one who's tried to
ape the far more successful I'lullotueen like
his has done it well yet. If anyone does. it
t‘rtatnly won't be Sclunoeller.

The Seduction. after failing on every other
level. can't even deliver the cheap thrills that
movies of this type have to deliver if they
want to make money. Since there's no other
reason to make movies lilol The Seduction.
one is left with a slight feellng of moral
satisfaction that i probably won't play
long. Ll

 

its: you.pn::u\1‘uv —

 

 

