    

 

 

 
  

‘8

I
r
i
.
‘i
i

onus-Wu

-l
.l,_

, I

i

l

    
    
   
 

 

waws... ,....
-i.. ” ’. NP

 

nside...

 

Editor’s Aspect

was even more frightening, no one would even care that I was me. No
one would give a shit that I painted or loved to write, or anything. Sud-
denly I would have to prove I was creative, that I was an Interesting per-
inatahnd I would have to confront the fact that I might not be successful

er.

directed my dad to what I thought was Dutch Quad. Instead, It was Col-
onial, and we proceeded to drive up to each and every quad before we
ended up on Dutch. Needless to say, my demeanor was destroyed, and
I wasextremeiy embarrassed.
The weeks that followed were very difficult; I felt alone, out of place,
Ugly, frustrated, and scared. What If I never felt comfortable In this cold
and omlnous place? Middle Earth provided some temporary comfort,
but I was still alone. My roomate. who was sincerely wonderful provid-
ed some great distractions, but I was still alone. One brisk October mor-
ning at 2 am, In a furious attempt to find love and warmth, I decided to
pack a bag and go home. i called a cab, which ended up arriving late.
This forced me to sit In the Greyhound Bus Terminal for three hours as
I waited for the next bus into the city. Nothing would have convinced
me to go back to campus and go to sleep. I finally did get Into the city
and caught a glimpse of my father's face before he saw me. It was etch:
ed In worry. I felt a little sheepish then, but it was still mixed with a feel-
ing of relief at being as far away from campus as I could be.

Somehow, something happened to me that weekend; although I can't
tell you just what. I think it was somewheres between feeling I was
seriously copping out of this new life I had chosen for myself and a
perplexed bewilderment about what I had been through the pfevlous
month. What was so terrible about it? And who was to blame if there
was anything actually traumatic about it? I was resolved to try again.

So back up to campus i went filled '

With dreams of reco nition and
asceptence. After a couple of months, I did meet some peoplge that turn-
: cu: t1o be real friends- they were supportive, understanding and
inonfts . he Ioliowrng y'ear passed quickly, mostly consisting of ’shar~
ofg ime With them; testing out who we all were, examining reality and

course, realrzing what it meant to be a friend or a lover. There‘were'
Iméiiry (Silanf/Ifgﬂi ‘tlirrr‘res, a? there were many intensely beautiful times and
a ones y that I would . " '
W75fn'f for the tl_mes i spent with themnm be me person I am now H n
inaIIy IeIt enough confidence to fr
7 ‘ y my hand at rou or -
agg’sé 2:2:yTiasngfnr, thedntAspects. And here I am now. I Sues: ivtgsqﬁfs
ppose oemphasize thou hi ' ' ' '
(I really didn't want to make thi " I ' 9 am sure It lsn t ev'dem.
I s The Life and As irati‘ " '
Importance of confidence perseveren p ‘Ons 0,”. )IS me
, ce, and good friend If
make-develop any of these thin ' ‘ S. you can
' gs while you re here it 'II I
it. If you have to go out on a limb ‘ W a I be worth
' . . and take some risks once in a ’
1%; Itomight be the most frightening experience you ever havghbljl
y u succeed, you erI realize that every moment of it was worth it

DSM.

 

 

I was anticipating my entrance Into college with mixed emotions. On
the one hand, I felt excited by the prospect of starting again, in a new,
more "sophisticated"envlronment, on the other, I was terrified by the
Idea that I might not be accepted as easily as I was Inhlgh school. After
all, I was going to a place where relatively no one knew me, and what

‘ Sound and Vision: I
3a -

Laurie-Anderson’s latest album

explodes, Taylor examines spielberg’s ET,
Sally Simpson’s mentor comes out of
spiritual misfortune

The day I got here my father and brother came up with me to help me
move In to my dorm, and in order to not appear really stupid, I casually

whatthey‘are and-what they are
doing to your life

6a Perspective:
Mr.H.K.-D. takes you on a tour with
Agent X- will the discovery destroy us?

7a Introspective:
Portrait of a young man at the rally:
Peereboom’s point of view

8 a Endgame:

Words, words, words, and,
of course

Spectrum...

 

Centerfold:
 Expectations: accepted, anticipated,

 

 

r all started a few months ago
ﬂ when an unknown composer fioirr
New York (‘ily released (I .‘irtpr'r.

unknown label "Dire lien
lit-cords" Although the single went largely
unnoticed here III the ll ,9 A

filtffl fill illl

it hecairre a
bio hit iii Eitiilaiid and other l’rirorreaii r'ourr

George Ros

 

riies At first glance this brief story rrrrglrt
sound (‘llt‘ltL' or rust like any other success
story in the Music business-
What is rcrriarkable and Ullt'ltiltiititll about

It is neither

composer larirre Anderson rrrakrirg it in the
liiiiopean top forty rs exartly ilrat she is a
roiirposi'r liy roiirposr'r I mean someone
who creates new ways of arranging sounds.
something one rarely flittl.‘ lit the top forty
()n the otlwi hand. it is also true that the, in
sliurnerrts and techniques she uses are not
i'rrirrplelely novel. electronic devices arid
synthesizer have been used for the last two
decades arid tape loops and other tape
irrairipulalioir techniques were one of the fllhl
to be used in electronic music the way in
which she uses llreiir is' indeed new - eveir for
Sollo llouever. another feature that sets
lrei apart from the usual top forty artist ls' llrat
she is trained in the "classical" tradrtioii.
plays the violin A aird I do not rireari the way
Charlie Daniels plays the fiddle. even if she
has been the "(.‘hailre Daniels ol the Melisa
crowd" and a toirrposi-r who until recently
has only known to a small. hill fervent group
of followers til the Downtown lrrp ~ avairt«
garde - music scene l'hal soirreoire witlr lrei
background and style can make it in popular
rrrusic. even in Europe. is astounding. and a
hopeful sign llrat rrrre cart still make ItittSIt‘
.rrrd live D” it

The story does not end heretorSuperirrdn
did eventually make it back to America: this

 

who listen to Ulivia NL‘WlUII'rlttllll or Van
llaleri are going to buy her album. however
there is a rather large segment of the popula-
tion who is tired of the same old forriiula
rock and who does not listen to tlial type of
music anyway Laurie Anderson has been
marketed as a pop star alllrouglr her an»
dience is rrrore liker to go out arid buy a new
Art Ensemble of Chicago albuin than a new
/\bba LP. ‘

I suppose "the Brothers" were Iryirrg to at
tract a few listeners from the pop scene. (the
"crossover" phenomenon I believe it is tall-
ed), after all Laurie Anderson‘s music if
bizarre is certainly recogui/able by the
average listener as music re it has lyiii's
(even if obscure) and recognizable. even cat-
clry melodies l‘hus althouin I do not think

 

trrrre thanks to the Warner Brothers who
recently released Big Science an LP which
contains her hit single () Sirperrirrrri. Not
s‘iipris‘irrgly fiig Science is making it big here
too. Well. there must be some reason wiry
such seemingly eclectic music has managed

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

\ race. ...there will be universal
death— sudden only for a fortunate
minority, but for the majority
a slow torture of disease and
disintegration

Word On A Wing

The best authorities are

unanimous in saying that a war
wrth hydrogen bombs is quite

likely to put an end to the human

 

 

 

 

 

to break through to the realrrrs of l’op
Sclrlock II is foolish to think that Ilre people

 

that the audience who has been following
her all aloirg is likely to start buying ltti rie pop
as a result they do not seem to mind Laurie's
image as a pop star which. after all. might
just attract a few more listeners who would
otherwise ignore her

litrr Science is an alburrr about Arrieiir:a
An album about "(‘roldeir cities" and

 

About

towns".
banks and shopping malls freeways. and
yes. of torirs'e. superrrreir It is. at least on

“(ioiilerr supermarkets

rational. rrr
teller trial almost mechanical - arid fr il a
reason I his is l’rig Business. ling l'er'hrir rlr rgc
/\nieiir -r .\uy spur of passion is also "Scieir

the surface. cold. detached

lifrc". r'alr rilati'd wrtlr engineering air'rriacy
specifii ally III lhtI song Sir-rulers wlrrclr Is the
most painful .rrrd most iriusri'ally daring song
in Ilre .rllrriiir bagpipes. played try the
phenomenal ltiifris llailey. .nrd \Itilltt \\‘l|lt
definite Irish overtones and an rrrrredrbly
uncertain and unpredictable rhythm If you
do IItil believe the song is painful try telling
someone you love' "i no longer love your
month i no longer love your eyes the col-
irr of your sweaters the way you hold your
pens and pencils. But the most serious
austere trails are always contrasted by e»
lremely srlly and catchy rrrelodies or totally
absurd ieplir's l"..\arrrples of this are lit the
song [\onipli- 2:! which starts off with so-
nreoire ier ilirrg a very serious (Iuiirrarr te.\t
irixlaposcil \\‘|fll some irroairrirg rir liirglis’h

while a sasaphone trrrr plays, over and over

 

again. one of those riffs yoii would find in
page one of “Saxophone the Easy Way"

Overall. the tlirrrg that impressed me the
most about the album Is the percussion. for
which David Van Tieriheri is responsible
l'he rhythms are always changing In ab-
soluter unforeseen but extremely gratifying
ways and the rrrstrurrients are just as supris-
irrg ballorrs‘. kitchen pots. etc. The drumm~
rrrg is surely the best I've heard since Public
Image released The Flori'ers of ft’orrrancc.
and although much more sophisticated It still
retains the intoxicating power of PIL's
rhythm section

Yes. the albrriri does have alot of Philip
Glass. I would like to know a young corn-
). :i who has not been touched by the
Mirrriiralrsl Moteiireiit - but unlike (Hart's
IllllsIL she does not gradually change the
cycles. she deletes and adds new ones.
stops one here while a saxophone part starts
up sorrreiihere else l‘ler lyrics are executed
iii a manner \‘ery reminiscent of Robert
\shlev's altlrr tll‘Jll her voice changes. is elec-
eroriir-aly rriodrfreil is beautiful. cold. clrarnr~
tog and boring all at once; whereas Ashley's
is a iorrtirruoris mumbled monologue

lll perfririirairce the features of her rirLis‘rc.
us i rrlilrress i'~i|t|li|lL’ charm. and its subtle
rrrrellirierrr e are all riiagiiified by her
presence llt'l Iluoresceiil violin. the power
and dryness of the rhythms l should add
that her performance at The l’alladririrr in
New York (' 'r. was Introduced by a pier e by
IlrlilltL’I yorr- rand \ery talented rorrrposer
thi r specialties in percussion lta\ irl Van
'liieg‘t 'II ll!r-- urine player on .\lltlr’l'~ttll.s
album) .He played everything frorn space toy
riril all I\rtlr lI-'II‘|‘Ittlui||'s

 

hits to do
i iisirnr .n ' iiai‘i'

'ur .\lt.tl t l lure Anderson I)‘ a pop star
after all the r . ‘eriorres we tend to impose on
nrrisrr seem in me to be largely artilical. a
i‘rtI|\Il.'I|L\.' perhaps. but certainly not real,
Music is llltlstr .iiid Laurie Anderson's is
attic-i riitisir'.‘

l‘ 's' the song on side two of the single
Walk the [too does riot appear in Iii.)
Sririrrr-u. l'lrat is' too bad since her rrnper»
'ittliilllttll of Dolly Parton is absolutely
'ieinerrdous

 

 

 

 

 

 

Oz Revis

T,0r ExtraTerrestrial is every adult‘s

g chalice to return and experience
the "pure of heart' sentiment we

knew as children watching the Wizard 0/ Oz.
lii thinking about til, I found irrysell recalling
a line from tlral old classic When Dorothy is

leaving ()5. the ’l'iir Mair sa 5 to her. ‘rrr-Ivl

Megan Taylor

f
know I have a heart lrr'iause it s breaking.
The analogy is not original because clearly
Steven Spielberg. the directorial genius

 

 

 

behind l-‘fl' draws heavily on the image.
Spielberg is also the master mind behind the
phenomenal sucesses of the past few sum-
mers including .Iinr-s. Close Encounters of
the Third Kim! and Raiders of the LostArk.
lii ET he has created an endearing Extra'l‘er-
restrial. who shows all. once again. that we
too have a heart to be broken.

As in his earlier films. Spielberg has
gathered to lriiri sortie o_f the greatest
technical minds in Hollywood The creature

ited

children who recognize the adults wrll react
with fear arid want to destroy the li'l'. while
the Inrplicalions of the gover irrirerrts abiliton
spy on our lives and control them wrtlr or
without our consent is also clear

ET's stars are not big name actors. rather
they are air errdeaiirrg group of children
whose natural talent is truly rrrrpies’sive l'he
two brightest of these new stars are Henry
Thomas. who phin fillrot the child who

Lucas inspiration that gaw us Star Wars
l'he sound track. done by .lohn Williams
(also of the Star Wars learn) will ring familiar
bells for his fans. but will remain rather
iirrrrrerrrorable for the rest rrl us

Some wrll accuse Spielberg of manipula-
tioir. of trying only to evoke aii erirolioiral
response in the audience. but they are the
cold of heart Just as he brings out the best in
the humans he touches in the movie. li'l' br-

ings out the best in the humans he touches in
the audience On a Saturday night. With a
theatre hill of adults. there were few dry eyes
in the house And rust as we viewed
Dorothy's going home as birth happy and
sad. so too. I viewed the end of the movie
(an end I Won't be Scrooge enough to give
away) E'l' is one of the greatest summer
escapes. See it. feel it. enioy it. be a child
again. even if iust for twu hours

 

beconws errrotiorially and intellectually tied
to El and Drew Barrymore. who plays his
younger sister wrth tongue in cheek one
liners that George lhrriis would envy 'l‘hes‘e
young actors have a natural grace and
wonder that transcends the screen. When
Dee Wallace who plays the mother of these
imps. is r .idiirg Peter Part to Gertie (Drew
Barrymore) we. like the ET who is watching.
cheer for Tinker Bell to survive
The’cinematography of this film. although
not qiiile as polished as Raiders of the Lost
Ark is very good and like all Spielberg films
the editing is superb Spielberg was not

 

   

 

you will come In love is (unfortunately) not
real. but a rolrot run by external controls.
Unlike the special effects of (‘fose fin-
ori the inhaling but rather the simple
behind the simple facial UX])Tt!5./Slitl\$ of the
I'll make the earlier wonder of thcI
mechanical shark from iftitl'S look like a
linker toy.

Spielberg. unlike most other directors.
able to use cliche symbols and still move his
audience to tears Yesthe children flying on
their bicycles past llli’ fllll moon on l'lallo-
ii the movie it works lint

S

ween is silly, but r
the real beauty of this movie does not stop
t' who demand a mes-rage in a

there l:tii'llltl‘§
here. It is the

movie there Is certainly one
____________.___._.————-—

 

 

counters or Rattlers the emphasis here is not '

wonders we ignore, Yet the complexity

alone in this venture. but was joined b the

 

  

An Open Letter To The

Rolling Stone and

Kurt Loder. i picked up my pen to write
communicate with this man who has had a true influence on my life since my first
days of college. my first LSD. trips. my first realizations from my days before the mirror
was srirashed: Deaf. Dumb. Blind. My heart grieved while reading of his spiritual misfor-
tune: the alcoholism-cocaine abuse that was caught up In all the glitter. This interview cori-
fused rne - my romantic image of 'l‘owiishend. mentor. transformed.reinforced his sincere
approach to the struggle - "Ia lutte" of life - any life - be it one of a "Rock Star" or of a stu-
dent. Townshend tells the truth. or it has always seemed to me to be the truth.
l‘lis disclosures have iii the past. and continue to evoke in me some undefined sensation -

¥ fter reading Rolling Stone's (June 24 issue) interview with Pete Townshend by

occur - 21 years of age
poeticzrlly. lino »

lively bonded.

do.

sometimes mystical: his days of Melter Baba «
Quadropherriu. sometimes hitting the nail on the tread [firmly Gloss; always thought pro-
voking. Inspiring past Rolling Stone interviews, past er0 albums. As I reread these last few
lines It seems as if I “5an ll!!! praises"of a rock singer. Another groupie? NO! Connections
- still into the Who -
Bowie - Byrrre ~ Patti Smith ~ Fripp - Townshend - different — yet collec-

I saw The Who and The Dead in [Essen Germany last March ‘81. The Who seemed tired —
Pete's eyes sunken in - pale countenance - now I know why. I hope he makes it. What he
says is Positive - an “uprising” out of the “bottomless pit". ft is so unique that someone Willi
'l‘uwnshend's Image lays his life out like a pairriirig for all to see. His evolmien-development
from My Generation to the present is more interesting than any fictional representation -
more enlightening, It's beautiful. childlike. his sincerity lightens the entire matrix of Rock
and Roll Pass the feeling on to Pete there are those who listened and heard and who stIll

 a....~:-..HSaIIy~Simpson and. Linda Quinn 1

Pete Townshend

- to write what? 1 guess I felt an urge to

Who mine first?. the too real to be true

'i‘ownslrend's “verite”. philosophically and

 

 

.507 sria‘sh‘hptlp‘)
_Jiirie I. I‘JSZ/[mge 3a

 

 

 

 

