  

I.
l‘
l
E
l

"'0—

<Oz

Ott-

  

 

 

 

aspects on tuesday

      

Euripides’ p 

he SUNYA Theater

1 Department's production of
Euripides' "The Bakkhai" is a

powerful and draining experience, Director
Luiz Vasconcillos has drawn an exhaustive
performance out of each of his actors. suc-
cessfully suspending the disbelief of the au-
dience. The actors onstage do not portray
the characters: they are the characters.
The result is a tight and engrossing produc-
tion. imparting a strong sense of ensemble.
As Dinoysos. the god come to earth In
human form. Peter Wilson seems to revel
in his mortal disguise His performance is
sensual: when he touches the rock of his

0

Donna MacMillan
mortal mother's tomb. one receives the
sensation of actually feeling the rock also
This tactile quality is preserves tlirotrglioitt
the play Wilson's Dionysos is convincing
and sympathetic He is attractive without
being too pretty. yet when he reveals
himself as the god. the character takes on a
new and awesome power.

The counter to Dionysos. Pentheus. is
portrayed by Gregg Berrian. Berrian's Pen-
theus is angular and hard compared to the
softer curves of Dionysos' body. His close-
cropped dark hair contracts sharply with
the ﬂowing blonde locks of Dionysos. Yet
Pentheus is not without flaws. among them
a degree of voyeurism. Berrian gracefully
manages the transition from a dictator to an
insecure and naturally curious young man.

 

One can feel sympathy for him. as well as
honor at his late.

The central unit of "The Bakkhai" Is the
chorus of the Bakkhat women. or the Bak-

The Bakk

L
:-_

.tmdamovingsas: 

 

madness and deSpair effectively.
Furthermore. even the most subtle changes
In emotion reach the audience through her
slow recognition of her actions.

One of the difficulties In any Greek
drama Is that most of the action Is narrated
rather then dramatized. There are two such
instances In "The Bakkhat." The first.
delivered by Dov Welnstock as the Herd-
sman. relates the activities of the Bakkhai.
Welnstock's narration is filled with the
wonder and awe at what he has witnessed.
it flows smoothly. and the audience is able
to visualize the scenes described frorri his
clear delivery. As the Messenger who
related the death of Peritheus to the
Chorus. Rober Basher is at once powerful
and moving Isle reetiacts the wrath of
Dionysos and the terror of Peritlieus.
becoming two different people at once

The wisdom and folly of old age are
represented by the characters Tiresias. por-
trayed by Allen Barker. and Kadmos por-
trayed by Dennis Dieferidorf. Barker
delivers a solid performance as the blind
seer who wahis that no god must be mock-
ed and neglected. Dieferidorf is especially
moving as the old man who cannot com-
prehend the vengeance of Dionysos on his
grandson. whom mourns as the child who
used to pull his beard and call him Grand-
father.

The entire production Is underscored by
a percussion ensemble led by Brube
Taylor. The primitlvc drumbeats intensify
the drama. transforming the Chorus Into
participants of a wild hypnotic ritual. The
set. designed by Glenn Stuart. is composed
of multi-level platforms covered with rough
testured material. It Is at once functional
and Impressive. The lighting design by

 

khai. the women who have given
themselves up to complete worship of
Dionysos. abandoning thler rigid and
dreary lives a wives and mothers. The Bak-
khal. led by Mary Libertucci. are portrayed
by Felicia Benson. Alicia Davis. Leesa
Markbreiter. Leslie May. Dale Small. and
Terri Vandenbosch Together. they form
an intense center to the action of the play.
dramatizing the activities of the followers of
Dionysos. Vocal Director Charles Sachs
drew from a week and a half of improvisa-
tional exercises to arrange the choral pat-
terns. and the result is a cohesive chorus
The delivery is clear. emotional. and at
times eerie

Sandra Dani portrays Agave. the mother
of Pentlieus who has Joined the Bakkhar.
and who rips her son to shreds while under
the influence of Dionysos. She delivers an
excellent performance. conveying Agave's

Steve Greenberg is eerie. casting menacing
shadows and often blurring the action into
a Boschian nightmare. Finally the excellent
costumes designed by guest costume
designer B. K. Briggs are rich in their range
of texture and style. The costumes are con-
sistent with the concept of the Grecian
silhouette. yet manage to give each
character individuality.

The transition by Robert Bagg is ex‘
tremely accessible to a contemporary au-
dience. and director Vasconcellos and the
entire cast make the most ot it SUNYA's
production of "The Bakkhai" is a once in a
lifetime experience. and the show only
runs from November to to Nmeniber 2t)
It is not an average or conventional e»
perience. and it is well mirth your time to
see For tickets tilitl information. call

 

457~Htrllh

hai Come

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

iLuiz Vasconcr'llos directs the PAC production The Bakkhal

Dionysian Drama

ionysos is within all of us. He is
D represented by instinct. emotion.

and sensuality. His counterpart.
Apollo. Is also within each of us.
represented by logic. reason. and thought.
When balanced in an Individual. they pro-
duce what Freud termed the ego. an In-
dividual capable of passion and emotion.
yet at the same time able to restrain himself
and realize the consequences of his ac-
tions. If either force is in control. however.
a destructive imbalance is created. This
struggle between the two opposing forces is
the theme of Euripedes' tragedy "The Bak-
khaI" which opens tonight at SUNYA's
Performing Arts Center at 8 pm on the
Main Stage.

Director Luiz Vasconcellos is currently a
graduate student in theater at SUNYA. but
he has already established himself as a pro-
fessional director In his native country of
Email. He teaches directing at a Brazilian
university. and is pursuing an advanced
degree in the United States in order to help
establish a Masters Program in Theater
Arts in Brazil He feels that one of the main
clilfiLLilflL’a in staging a Greek drama :5 the
tlllft’l'k'iiLc‘ iii theatrical conventions Ct-ri-
temporary audiences are not accustomed
tr: listening to poetry: they are more con-
t'eiiied \citli impact According to Mr
Vasconmllos. there are three "pillars" to :1
play the actor. the idea. and the audience
When one of these elements changes. then
the other elements must change somehow
In the case of “The Bakkliai". it is the au-
dience that has changed. and the rigidity of
the classic Greek drama must adapt if the
play is to have any meaning for a modern
audience Mr Vasconcellos said. “I wish to
create something alive for an alive au-
dience today."

He has used Robert Bagg's translation of
“The Bakkhai". a translation which cape
tures the emotional impact of the play
without sacrificing the poetry embodied in
the play. One of the difficulties in directing
this tragedy is that it includes two fairly
comic scenes in the beginning of the play.
Yet the humor is gallows humor in that it
intensifies the horror that is to come.

Mr. Vasconcellos reminds us that Peri-
ltheus is an lH'yk’ili‘tiltl boy who is lug]
7egttin rig to come 0 r- i' w .
Dionysian ItttllllL’. lilstehllllff ltlllltl‘lwhh mm

l I trig it It)
develop normally. PCIIIIII'US repri-
and centers himself .iioiirid
ideal. a destructive move

balanced.

baitdta IJ.ini is featured as Agave

sses ll.
an Apiilltiiiaian
since it is not

 

)
mother of l_eii_tlieirs Ms. Dani. like her

 

u.

 

 

husband Mr. Vasconcellos. is pursuing a
Master's Degree in Theater here. also to
help In establishing a Master‘s Program III
Brazil. She feels that one of the tiittJ'ri Alva
ficultles of her role Is that It encompasses a
climatic scene. yet it appears at the end of
the play. The audience already knows
what has happened. and as Agave. Ms
Dani must maintain the element of sur
prise. Through her changes In emotionl
she must show the audience how she Could
have killed her son. and what is gning
through her mind. As an actress. she must
deal with various levels of Intensrty of \‘lilti-
tion. from Dionysian insanity to the \ll'tll
cold understanding of what she has tl’ i .'
At the end of the play. only Agave lc’iii.’ \
the balance; only she knows what it twat s
even though it is too late.

When Mr. Vasconcellos first spill-V '
Barbara Briggs. guest costume desigi .ir ' r .
The Bakkhai. his princrple words 1
“primitive earthy texture" She first  ~ ‘
range for the costumes. with [trum-
one end and Pentlieus at the 'ill‘t’I
tlieus. as the young king it ho lia’
responsibilities too great for his age

 

 
   

perience. rs heavy with metal r. ; .- -
tativt- of technology sternrnmg fr it:

tellect Dionysos appears in dolls

loinclotlis. representing [)I'Iniili\\’
stincts Iﬂrrh of the other char.  -
costumed to scale to either estreriit: t
members of the royal family near " 1
colors. primarily red. purple. and g .. I
also indicative of technology The i» ~i l
the characters appear in colors \L‘IIIL‘II ‘ r- l
in nature: duller earthy pinks. brown» ‘

 

 

blues. and greens.

Ms Briggs began with the Concept of i“
simple Grecian silhouette as the dist llil 
in which to work. Nothing is structured art
the costumes are bssed on a t’ltt’lr.’ ii
square. or a rectangle. To this limit
discipline she adds texture. usmg iiirictt-»
such as nutshells. beads. seasiitrlls. illl.lltitl
skirts. feathers. and hemps to intensify Ilit'
effect. Each member of the chorus of Bali
khai women is an Individual For example
one represents a bird. one vines. one Ilit’
ocean. and on serpents; yet all are unificil
by the wands they carry. the ivy they wear
and above Llll. their terrifying worship of
Bakkhos

Who among its has not felt liziiii‘w i
abandon at a party. a rock concert. Iii vii"
“ I’WHK’I’ Dionys or. is there III ctri‘li rif tr~
creating the emotions and instiiitts which
are \‘Ifrtl to lllt‘ concept Uf liiriiiaiutk‘ ‘1'"! l
Williuul some kind of restraint. [Jitiiiysm
can destroy us .15 we“

 

 

 

he K'NIL martmba group ts made

up of three musicians. all native

Americans (Indians) from one of
the Maya "tribes" of Guatemala. Their
leader. Jeronlmo Camposeco. has been a
prominent member of his people. and a
leading figure In the search for native
American cultural dignity. Through the use
of their ancient traditional instrument. the
martmba. the group reaches out to the
communities of the world to bring them
their musical message. a message of peace
and cross-cultural understanding.

Duncan Earle

The melodic martmba has been played by
the Maya people for centuries. It has
always been an Instrument for calling the
people in from the fields to celebrate a
sacred occasion and to enact the ancient
mythological dances. The Marimba group
now use it to call people from around the
world. so they may share In an understan-
dlrig of Maya life. The group has travelled
throughout the North American continent.
sharing their music with other Indian
groups. with Iiiin schools and colleges.
with churches and in other forums that are
representative of the public community.
The group hopes to make contact with as
large and diverse an audience as possible.
for as they say tlieniselves,"'l'lie group I5
guided by the spiritual values of the
ancestral people of this land."

The members of the group learned to
play the martmba as a natural part of being
raised In a traditional Indian Village. and
they have played the sacred songs slrice
childhood. They have also learned many
other styles and forms of music in their
travels and their exposure of other Indians
as well as nondndians. The chromatic scale
of the martmba allows it to be adaptable to
almost any song. from classical to popular.

 

 

and the renditions of familiar songs on .his

ock-n-roll, more than most other
R styles of music. Is an conglomera-

tion of many different breeds of
music. The most prominent of these are
country. folk. jazz. and the blues. All
groups draw on these. albeit to different
degrees. As time has gone by. distinctions
between the various predecessors have
broken down. to the point where It
became difficult to distinguish exactly what
a group was emulating. The last few years
have seen a trend to move back to the
original, primitive rock-ii~rol| of the late fif-
ties and early sixties. Artists like Robert
Gordon. Dave Edmunds. and The Stray
Cats have all done well with their respec-
tive back-to-basics styles. The Fabulous
Thunderbirds have also joined this move-
ment. with an emphasis on country and
tlrsiPJesL._

Robert Schneider

 latest albunnl'l': shows
how satisfying a retrospective effort can be.
By no means a new band. they began in

 

Texas in the late sixties. Gurtarist Jimmie

 

unfamiliar instrument lend an added charm
to this group.

The band derives Its name from their
Jaclter-Maya culture hero. K'nil. who is an
ancient diety. The legend passed down
through the centuries tells of how at one
time there was a war In Guatemala. and In
order to fight this war. young men were be-
ing taken away from the village. against
'theIr will. Few ever returned. The people
became afraid. that all their people would
die unless something was done. Two men
came forth. one of them named K'nil
(k'nell).

After a series of adventures these two
defeated the enemies of the town and the
nation. through the magical powers (such
as lightening) that K'nil possessed. After
this. they found they could return home.
and instead went to live In a holy mountain
where they could reside foreger and

 

receive the prayers of future generations.
as the guardians of the Jacaltec (Hacaltek)
people.

Since democracy was denied these peo-
ple and their fou.‘ million Maya metghbors
in 1954. due to a US. State Department
planned and CIA-assisted coup. they have
seen their young men taken away again.
more each day. Since 107‘). the army has
begun to attack Maya villager directly. and
as of last count over Ztiti have been
destroyed. or "disapproved" as they now
say of such tragedies. /\5 traditional people
have always done when faced with a
holocaust and genecidal wars against their
kind. these young men have turned to their
legendary heroes for inspiration. and to
their traditional medium of communication
to get their message out to the world.
Behind the tinkling hardwood keys and
jungle rubber malleis. the ear will discover
the very soul of these Maya Indians. who
themselves cannot go back to their
homeland as they bring forth trials and their
external struggle for life through the pari-

Vaughan and bass player Keith Ferguson
formed the original nucleus of the group.
Later. vocalist Kim Wilson and drummer
Fran Christiana completed the lineup.
They got their start at Austin's famed An—
tone's. where they soon became the house
band. In the early days. Lou Ann Barton
sang with them regularly. It was during
their stint at Antone’s that they backed up
some very famous talent; the likes of Jim-
my Reed. Eddie Taylor. and Muddy
Waters. (To this day. Waters has a very
positive feeling about the band .) Soon. The
Fabulous Thunderbirds. as they are now
known. began touring the US.
predominantly on both coasts. As their
reputation grew. so dlrl the quality of their
gigs. They've opened for quite a cross-
section of acts: The Rolling Stones. Eric
Clapton. Tom Petty. and Rockpile They
haven't only been a war'mup band.
though. They‘ve gotten top billing on two
tours of Europe. It was their stint with
Rockpile that netted them their association
with Nick Lowe. Lowe has produced
'I'-Bird Rhythm.

 

The Fabulous Thunderbirds have

 

 

 

Marimba Mysticism

cultural medium of music.

When they came'and played by the
fountain last year. few people knew who
they were or what a Maya Marimba band
was - yet they were very popular. From
punkers to professors. the melodic martm-
ba seemed to reach everyone. So they
have returned to play this time In the Cam-
pus Center Ballroom at 5 pm. on Thurs-
day. November 18 . There will also be a
brief talk by Professor Robert Carruade of
Anthropology. who has worked many
years In Guatemala. and a poem will be
read by one of the students.

Also appearing with the group will be a
Quiche-Maya peasant named Jose Efrain
Rosales Marroquln. a man who escaped
from Guatemala In May of this year. He
has been a witness to the destruction of his
whole village by the Guatemalan Army.
and has seen military violations of human I
rightsbgth before and after the new regime

 

«I I.
J
I" y.
,‘ g'\ r r
\ l
.  '
.. }I T‘ ‘ ‘
_ [at
.,

Photograph of the Marimba group K'NIL by

The T—Birds Are Driven

garnered a reputation as a band that plays
good old danceable rock and roll. They are
also known for their faithful renditions of
old-time blues classics. What they've also
managed to accomplish Is to produce their
own compositions. ones that are difficult to
distinguish from the cover versions. This Is
a tribute to their writing abilities.

T—Bird is wellvbalanced between originals
and covers. One of the better remakes is
“Diddy Wali Diddy". Slow. plodding and
ever so fine. It has vocalist Wilson mimick-

' ing a Jerry Reed style of singing. Drummer
Fran Christina adds a line baritone backing
vocal to the tune. making it very similar to
the millions of doo-wop songs. The
similarity Is only slightly more than super-
ficial. but it doesn't detract from the quality
of the listening experience. "Tell Me" is
also another copy. this tirrie of the myriad
blues/harmonica compositions. Despite
this. it too satisfies the listener. especially
with Kim Wilson's soulful harmonica back-
ed solidly hy the rest of the band. There's a
slight touch of extra percussion in the back
reaches of the Iurie. which does riiucli

 

  

more than fill the space it’s allotted.

Although ’IVBird Rhythm delves into the
blues. there is space for rock. “Can't Tear It
Up Entiff". opening the album. sounds
very much like Nick Lowe's "Switchboard
Susan". with its strong bassline and quick
rocking sound. Bassist Ferguson at first
makes a splash. only to recede into the
woodwork. altliotrgh he occasionally re»
enters the spotlight of the song.

This band has a sense of humor. as
witnessed by some of the lyrics in the tunes
here. For example, “How Do You Spell
Love" answers its title with Wilson singing
M»O-N-E-Y. This pales when compared
with "The Monkey". which can be seen as
a cross between a joke and social criticism.
Musically. it resembles the Doors' “The
WASP". with Wilson half speaking his

 

aspects on tuesddyi 9

<0:

of General Rios Montt. The US. ad-
ministration ts trying to convince Congress
and the American public that since Rios
Monti took power in a coup this March.
there has been a significant decline in
human rights violations.

This Is because they wish to send large
amounts of aid to the military government.
claiming that It will be used to kill foreign-
Inspired communist terroslsts. Since the
regime took power. over 8,000 Maya In—
dlans (men. women. children) have been
Ibrutally tortured and killed. most without
ever knowing for what reason. Don Jose
will five his “close-up" perspective on this
terrible and continuing tragedy. SEE
THEM AT 3:00 p.m.. Nov. 18th. In the
Campus Center Ballroom. SUNYA and at
noon Nov. 18th. at the South Mall Coun-
course. Also. they will play on Nov. 17th at
the lot Presbytarlan Church. corner of
State 8:. Willet Sts.. Albany. Cl

".0!-

 

Laura Bostick '(UPS)
1

lines. Lyrically. It really stands out. A group
of monkeys are disgusted by the suggestion
that they are the predecessors of the
human race. “Now man has decended. the
worthless bum/From our race brothers. he
did not come". What Is It with monkeys
these days?

T-Bird Rhythm clearly does the
Fabulous Thunderbirds justice. Nick Lowe
has done a good job In the production.
although the record has a raw. uripolished
sound. If this is accidental. then It's not a
very good credit for Lowe. Actually. the
record was probably meant to sound live.
which it does. They've hit on a good style
of music. one that brings out the best in all I
of the musicians. Unlike many of the
albums of its genre. T-Bird Rhythm boasts
a well-rounded musical effort. although
Kiiii Wilson's harmonica really makes
several of the tracks. Despite this. the other
.members contribute equally. with no one
really standing out.

The back-to‘basics movement has pro—
duced sortie really super rock and roll.
Hopefully. it will continue to be as in de-
mand as it is iiow. The rapid sellout of The
Stray Cats is a great example of just how
influential this type of music really Is. In the
crush of hetter~known artists. The Fabulous
'l‘huiiderbirds may get overlooked. This
would be a shame. for T-Hird Rhythm IS an
album worth looking into. ' [j

,__._————

 

Corrections

In Friday's edition of Aspects. the person
who wrote the article Fripp and Summers
Advance Together was Metin Ulug. and
the first line of his story should have read
“Improvisation Is hardly a new concept,
but it Is rarely applied to rock music." Also.
Nancy Dunlop's poem Is titled Dove Tale.
We regret the errors.

 

 

  

 

 

