. .... ,..,_ m.~-w....... .

. . ....c.,. 4. .L. .,_W..’ ’—-\..

i
AI'I —'

 

 

.,.«..-,. .I

 

 

3°°°m° 57'édinmuntrsmlea
Intern for the Off-Campus

-help organize off-campus
for the Pine Hills Student
Community Alliance
-work on neighborhood Issues
such as utility rates
and housing
-he|p publlsh Getting Off,
’ a community student newspaper

v--..;....

Association _

  

Spring ’82

Work may be left

Sign up [or SSW 290 or 390
March 30,31; April 1,5,6
Between toe and 4
Info:OCA:457-4928

call Steve at 438-0368.

 

ALBANY STATIE’S
LITERARY MAGAZINE

in the

TANGENT box in the S.A. Offic
or in the Humanities Lounge or

 

 

ON CAMPUS HOUSING SIGN- UP

 

WHEN: April 12-16, 19-23 . '
WHERE: Pre-Slgn-Up State Quad U-Lounge-

Nominate your Favorite
Teacher-Advisor for a

it.

 

Cite Selection of Speakers

Deon/Inuedﬁom front page

have been speaking on the political
status of Pucrto Rico today and in
the future, which is of great interest
to the Latin students on campus.
since the majority are from Puerto
Rico or from Pucrto Rican
backgrounds," she explained.

Virola said that Speakers Forum
told the group‘s Vice President.
Jose Baez, tllat “the small group
fund was empty. but to fill out an
application anyway."

"That lnade lls suspicious." she
said. “that maybe there was some
money afterall."

Saffcr added tllat tile problem
with securing Mike Manley as a
speaker was that PCA didn't follow
the proper procedures. “PCA
came irlto the meeting unannounc-
ed and didn‘t submit any proposal
form. Bertrand said his secretary
had submitted a form and that we
misplaced it. Well. if there was a
form submitted, I never saw it," he
said.

 

Saf fer said. “The committee
decided there were too many events
going on that week and that we did
not feel that particular event
(Manley speaking) would benefit
the majority of students. PCA told
me that they could draw a lot of
non-students from off-campus. and
I told them that student money
should be used for student speakers
and not for community speakers."

He refuted the allegation that
blacks and Third -World speakers
are never financed. by citing Dick
Gregory, black activist and former
comedian. spoke on campus about
a month ago, during the World
Week festivities. at a cost of$2.500.

In response to the demands that
were presented, Saffcr replied. “No
student group on this campus
demands. Everybody gets treated
the same way. The football can’t
demand $7,000 for uniforms. No
group or association can."

Sai'fcr also said that "for all the
requests that get approved. there‘s a

 

Iot‘morc that get turned down.’,

PCA. ASUBA. and ' Fuerza
Latina are all considered “small
groups." who receive a total $5.500
annual budget. but whose allotment
for each speaker is limited to $500.
Bonnick and White both argue that
limousine service alone for Barbara
Walters. who spoke on campus last
semester, cost close to $700.

Bonnick also presented a list of
four demands on behalf of Third
World Students:

> We demand to know where
the money for “Small Groups" is
being spent or has been spent.

b We demand that Michael
Manley and Carlos Gallisa be
brought to SUNYA this semester.

> The money for Oil Noble and
Charles King be turned over to
ASUBA for their Black chk
speaker.

> We ask that money should be
alloted to the three groups in the
future so they wouldn‘t have to go
to Speakers Forum again.

ASUBA also added a demand
that $7.000 be added to their budget
with no income stipulations.

 

~ : »= : 2 ~ : ' .~ .~. : .~ .- i .w‘. as»: s: ; éALQéNY, ,STHDENIE EBESﬁ..-MAB§H=§9:  112:: 21:32 1:119 - - ‘
' I . I . m A I l ‘V’ . V
Jews Kept Back “

In Soviet Union

>conrlnuedfram page 3
ed In everyday remarks. social
ostracism; and In newspaper ar-
ticles. political cartoons. and news
broadcasts attacking Israel and
Zionism. It also alleges that the
Soviet press is under strict govern-
ment control and its anti-Semitic
content is a reflection of official
government policy. ~

In addition: The teaching of
Hebrew is outlawed and. according
to a Jack Anderson column on
Soviet Jews (March 2|). in recent
months more than 80 clandestine
Hebrew teachers have been
threatened with prosecution and
banishment if they continue their
activities. Homes have ecn raided
altd Hebrew books confiscated.

Also. .icws cannot pllbiish
periodicals and devotional
literature. including Bibles ahd
prayer books, nor produce devo-
tional articles. such as prayer
shawls.

r}: n u I r 10" I ace-trelllanul 

In addition, TEToday, thdt’e ' are
under 60 official synagogues’ com-
pared to 450 in 1956; the rest have
been destroycd'ér converted by the

~ government to other uses such as

athletic facilities.

Currently there are no duly or-
dained Rabbis and religious ofﬁ-
clants left in the Soviet Union. and
no means of training successors.
There is one rabbinical school in the
Moscow synagogue, which has
never graduated a rabbi. There is
currently one known rabbi in
Moscow. .

Finally there are no consecrated
Jewish cemeteries.

In this oppressive atlnosphcrc.
Cantor fears, Jewish education and
:ulturc will soon be obliterated.

"Jewish culture and tradition are .

being destroyed through harass-
ment and intimidation." Cantor
said. "If we don‘t get the Jews out
now. there won‘t be a Jewish com-
munity."
However. the emigration process
is cumbersome and bureaucratic.
To apply for an exit visa. an ap-
plicant must first obtain a written
>conlinued on page [.2

 

 

April 12-16, 19-23
Quad Suite-Room Selection on all Quads -
WHY April 19-23
: Continuing students can select on cam us h ' f
. the 1982-83 academic year p ousmg or

T-SHIRTS

@lcggidﬂlmar SLSL’printed @

vv

Student Association

. I M P 0 R T A N T
Teaching & Advising

436'980I

DETAILED INFORMATION WILL
BE POSTED AND MATERIALS WILL
BE AVAILABLE BEGINNING APRIL 6.

r Award

 

 

 

 

’ Pick up Nomination forms in the

 

 

 

 

 

THIS YEAR, THERE WILL BE
700 AD VANCE TICKETS ON
SALE IN CC LOBBY FOR

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i
t
COMPLETE THE PROCESS EARLY. _ H u SA Contact Ofﬁce. ; TELETHON ’82. 5.
APPLY BEFORE THE‘ APRIL 23 1, Deadline for Nominations is l ONLY THOSE PEOPLE 
DEADLINE..... 0 April 15. I HOLDING AD VANCE
l .c e.“ --._._.v.- Vt. Vt: « TICKETS WILL BE ALLOWED "
ﬂ INTO TELETHON FROM 7:30
 Punt-LE AIID ecu: l ! —9gorTVHovR2
. . . ‘ RIDAYNITE.
Programs/Acthltles l ‘ ALL OTHER PEOPLE MUST
‘ WAIT UNTIL AFTER 9:30 TO 
condums small gloups (pm‘admlssmnl Campus tours for Potential students and parents.     
-Asslsts the University President with hospitality and arrangements ior distinguished campus visitors. “ 

 

-Works with key alumni leaders In developing and expanding Alumni programs.

‘Asslsts Director oi Alumni '

Hours of me A'umnl HouseAtlalrs and stafi with. (examples)
---hospitallty at Alumni House

---Alumn| Weekend Program

---reglonal meetings at Alumni

"-lniormation to Alumni re: University activities

---Alumnl programs In support at student recruitment

-Asslate University President and Re
~C-U Day

~December Graduates Assembly
~-Commencement

-~Torch Night

—Convocetlon(s)

y University Administrators with major University and public events (example )
. s

 

 

  
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
 

NURSES

begin your
profession at
White Plains
Ho‘spitcrl
Medical

 

 

 

RN’S—GN’S

One 01 Westchester's mos’ prestigious
Hospital Centers is 0116an

PRECEPTCIR
PROGRAM

June 21, 19132

A 1 our prolesslor oi knowledge
ilElIlg Cllnlccrl selling with the help

 

“Do me (i [in/or. Nr'x! lime I (ilk/hr (1 rule . . . my N ( )f "

There’s a better way
to get there this weekend.

Gre hound is going your way with trouble-tree. economical I
servicegou can leave directly from campus or other nearby locatlons.
Most schedules have stops at convenient suburban locallons. And
talk about comfort. You get a soft. reclining seat and plenty of room

ior car — on bags.
StrJY next trip. go with the ride you can rely on. Go Greyhound.

 

 

 

 

 

subiocito change. Some service requires relurvahons.

 

~Honore Assembly -3
. ot a Place ior This is Cr 4-month .
“Alumnl kaand  Preceplor Prggrdm working with at v.
imapuom knOwledgemlﬂlilRlq Ilholkllgarslpd’rnd '
-- arent ' our n Cl 0 en CI t ‘ . , -
a Program Sggilgllgd development. This p:o Frldly Albany (Campus) Lv 2 25p Sign 13? 43°"
.A“. i D gram is designed to accommodate Albany (Olly) iv 732°: ' "

a a can Ior Student Aiialrs and Director of Alumni Aiial I ' inleldual needs and “egress 0mm mm A; ' 7‘20!) 'i
business leaders: (examples) '5 " exWinding student dBVﬁlopmem Regular scheduled seminars with NOW Wk “5‘, 1.-
---Ceraar Development pmgmma; utilizing Alumni and area . ' v head nurses and r1 nursing stott gzn‘wzwad Q: ‘ 3.15., 4';
---Vocatlonal exploration   Jggiﬁigfgﬁéagﬁ'ﬁgg‘agdfllie uni: Ar 4:15p 3_
...gevelopment oi new student internship experiences (oil-cam us some “me as you, Precepior Pre- Syracuse Ar 5:25p “Sp y
 anlor Development series P ) lhulSClOy Aprll l. 1982 captors we accepted In special units 5......" swam... tv 555“

Ul v
. . I 51009
-Ass|ste Dean for Student Ailalrs and 10 00 AM ~13 00 PM ErmVE 52W RANGE Boston Lv leap ‘
Director _ COMP . L 3.45;)
Wm, [acuity and 8mm“. m dﬁvelop small groupoéxAlélTnl Alialra in personalizan the University to 5 00 PM “Q 00 PM 519349—-5201599 (“Cmdes ‘1 5m"  L: 4909
elver In planning and I | p fences ior entnrlng ireshm rm3W students workl dinereniici oi $2.015) - U 4:10p
a visible presenca ' mp ementlng Opening Week activities. and the Opnnln Endurlngma mom“ °l SBPthbeI~ “nu coomrauvely Cornphmentarv Bullet gm"'(z::'“)“° A, Hop 1115;: ezlup 1:20;:
0' “mating “ﬁdeiuraduate students). 9 °"V°Cai|0n each Fall. (pump, anapégl clpaung exien' ‘ Q'C‘C'i” me Alba": (caIupun A: 7:35;: 7:409 1:05p

Assists the Unlverslt with i d members WI“ b“ s ‘U [ive'l‘ng - For More Iniormotlon Contact: For convenientdtllly service and complete information. call 434-1021.

Y und-ralalng Programs and actlvltlfm. such as pho t AppOlmmem Ka'mean Haves. RN
.Asaists the Alumni Associati i no hon. Necessa” Prowwonal Reﬁmnm

on w m dune mombmahlp campaigns. JUﬁl Slop BY A M Wmne (914) 949.4590 Ext. Schedule] operate every weekend except dilian holidays. exam weak and semester break. Prices and schedule:

Dow; Ave (ll lust l’r ml lat
Willie i‘itlllls N V illtrlll
lqlll'llt ll ii A lilllllll\
lrlll'lltlyl-l iVll‘i

 

WHITE PLAINS
HOSPITAL, .
MEDICAL CENTER

 

 

 

midi Greyhound Lines. inc.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
 

 

 

 

 

 

     

