i
i

 

 

r
t

c_ a. war.

 
 

a» co:

now-

a aspects on tuesday

 Isn’t Asleep -

   

xtended Play records. (E.P.s).
E have time and time again shown

that they provide an up‘and-
coming band with lust the right amount of
space to prove themselves. On the one
hand. an EP has much more Impact than
lust a single. On the other hand. they don‘t
require a band to posess eight to ten good
songs. which is often beyond the
capabilities of a new band. Countless
groups have released albums that would
have gone much further had they beert
condensed down to an EP. Coming up
with so many good songs is a tall order to
fill. even for an established act. Artists like
The Pretenders and Missing Persons have
had tremendously popular and successful
EPs. With Chronic Town. REM. makes a
dosimeter}: theses

Robert Schneider '

R'ETM. is originally A from' Athens.
Georgia This would he a relatively iri-
signiflcant fact. utiless you happen to note
that that Universrty of (leorgm dominated
town has been the birthplace of other iri-
fluential groups For example. l‘lrcI lS-Fi'd's.
Pylon. and the unforgettable Love l'ractor
were all been born there Despite the
similarity of birthplace. all of the above
sound nothing alike. Absoluter none of
them are Southern Rockers. In the Molly
Hatchet-Outlaws vein Athens is breaking
the musical stereotype that‘s afflicted the
South since the early Seventies. Some
have even gone as far as to dub Athens
"the American Liverpool". That's going a
tad overboard. but nonetheless. Athens
bears watching. if only because of R ii M

The band formed in 1980. in the
"American Liverpool". What began almost
half-jokingly rapidly led to recognition of
R.E.M. as a good. live. party band. This
netted them the opening spot in many of
the large clubs around Atlanta. and pro-

'rn not sure what to make of

I lfubert. a comic strip which ap-

pears daily below the needlecralt

patterns in the limes-Union. Either I don't

get the joke or this is the stupidest comic

strip in the history of the genre Or there

may be a third possibility. and that in the

limp. domestic adventures of the rotund.

pipe-smoking everyrnan of the title lies a
secede withing. detergents},

Andrew Carroll
"Theses-ta} tEthili‘rEw—iﬁ ain‘t: grass
must be on this month. for tio sooner hadl
begun to reconsider Hubert than Tom
Smucker's TV column appeared in last
week's Village Voice. iWell. a little sooner.
but i was going to write this. i swear.) if you
were lucky enough not to have read the
piece. you missed an exhaustive com-
parison of Dallas. Hill Street Blues. and the
latest election to Ernie Bushmiller's Nancy.
Smucker's thesis. I think. was that Dallas ls
similar to Nancy in that both works of art
represent what might be the most original.
most beautiful visual composition in their
media. I couldn't follqw the rest. which i
think had Captain Furlllo running on the
Liberal ticket with Sluggo. but I loved what
Smucker had to say about Nancy:
"Bushmiller's strong point was never the
content of his comic strips' iokey plots —- a
friend of his once described him as a
‘moron on a drug trlp.‘ In fact. the gags
wee even simpler than was necessary for a
‘chlldren's' strip."

Hubert ls Nancy without the sophistica-
tion. Created by someone named
Winegart. each episode plts the title
character against his curvy wife. named
Wile. and his insufferable mother-in-law.
variously named Mother at Mother-in-law.
There's also a dog. and he gets a name: lt's
Freddie. Freddie figured in yesterday's

 

strip. which i think provides a clue to the

 

...-.- m...‘....,...>. ‘1‘.W

 

 

 

pelied them onto the East Coast tour.
leading off for Gang of Four. During this
time. they had released no LP's. no EP‘s.
no single. nothing. Finally. in July of last
year they released a single -“Radlo Free
Europe" 8! "Sitting Still". on an Indepen-
dent label. That record did astonishingly
well. not so much with the public as with
the critics. It made many lists. including
T he New York Times top ten singles chart
for the entire year. This past May. l.R.S.
records. which has shown itself willing to
take a chance onnew artists. signed R.E.M.
in August. Chronic Town was released. It
too has been receiving rave critical reviews.
along with extensive radio airplay. and
something new - good sales. Chronic
Town is due to be followed by a full-fledged
album. due In 1983. A large national tour
is underway. and lo and behold. R.E.M. is
stopping off in beautiful downtown Albany.
More about that later.

Mustc critics find it impossible not to
label. whether it be labeling a group or an
.rlburn Some have compared REM to
fellow Athenians the 8-523. While annoy
trig the baridmembers. this comparison is
also ridiculous as Chronic 'l'own sounds
nothing like the 8-52'5.

The opening cut."l.(liiil.il()(l". is a
bright. happy. bouncy tune that invites
comparison. First of all. vocalist Michael
Stipe has a charismatic voice. one which
reminds me of a smoother Doug Bennett.
Stlpe allows his voice to waver and fluc-
tuate. quite effectively in fact. Stlpe doesn't
stick to this role. however. “Wolves.
Lower"(what the hell do these titles mean?)
has Stipe breezing around. while his band
shows us what they've got. Buck's guitar is
light and airy. and the whole song floats
along because of this. it's easy to see why
REM. is seen as being so fresh. They're so
old they're new. 1 mean that as a compliv
merit. lf Chronic Town weren't so well
recorded and produced. you'd swear this

appeal of the comic

ln yesterday's first panel. Mother-in-law
enters offering it bowl of something to
Hubert. who is seen relaxing With the day's
paper. Says Motlier-inlaw. "I'm cleaning
out the fridge  here. eat this pudding!" In
the next frame. she slips in the punchline:
"No one else wanted it -— not even l-‘red-
die!" Hubert's mouth drops open and he
replies. “Gee 1— thanks!"

 -.. . can

  

 

 . Wm-nwmw—uvuuwi tt‘k .

 

 

was 1905. "Gardening At Night" opens
with the same guitar run as the Monkees
“Last Train To Clarksvllle". After that.
Stipe makes himself sound like a very
young Pete Towrishend. while bassist Mike
Mills and Pete Buck challenge each other
for instrumental command of the song. in
the background. one hears a Byrdllke
twangy guitar. along with traces of a sitar.

Musically. this is a superior group. They
aren't afraid of borrowing from other
groups. "Stumble" begins almost exactly
like the Easybeats "Friday On My Mind".
Adrnirably the slinllarity ends there. it's
easy to steal a whole song. but it's hard to

What the hell is going on here? l'rii no
expert. but I think I'm sensitive to what is
funny and what wouldn't have cut it in the
Waltoffer Avenue School playground in
197l. Look at the awkward wordings. the
feeble comebacks. the smug expressions
on the antagonists' faces. I doubt there's a
kid on earth. this side of the “special class."
who'd be amused by the strip.

But maybe l'm being too harsh. After all.

 

 

  
 
 

Either I don’t get the joke or this is the
stupidest comic strip in the history of the
genre. Or there may be a third possibility,
and that in the limp, domestic
. o‘ adventures of the rotund, pipe—
smoking everyman of the

title lies a comedic
sensibility of
utter genius.

 

 

Or take this series of panels from last
August. lt's quintessential Hubert. if there is
such a thing. Wife cheerfully announces.
“Morning all - sleep well?" Says Hubert.
“No! Your mother snored all night!“
Mother/Mother-ln-Iaw is offended. “I don't
snore." she says. Responds Hubert. “Ob?
Our neighbor must have been felling trees

 

with a power saw then!"

the strip is being printed every day. and I
trust that no space-conscious newspaper
woulc print anything short of the Legal
Notices that It didn't believe was getting
read. Could there be a deeper. more
serious side to Hubert than i am led to
believe by the stupidity of Its plot.
characters. and execution?

There may be. and i turn to yet another

 

 

borrow a strain and then build on it This
one even features a hallucinatory interlude.
with Bill Berry lightly beating up his dninis
Much of this group's work is hard to
describe. but very easy to enjoy.

After looking at Chronic Town and
R.E.M..one gets the impression that this
band has a good future In store for them
Not many bands can garirer the reputation
that they have on the strength of a single
and an EP. Before those. REM. made
their name on stage. You can see the very
same band tonight at The Chateau. if
they're half as good live as they are on
Chronic Town. then it should be quite a
show.

Quintessential Comicdom

breakfast scene. a recurring motif in
Hubert. for a clue. Hubert speaks first lliia
time. saying "Good morning sweetheart"
before bussirig his wife With a bold-laced
smack. Says Wife. "Aren't you going to
kiss Mother good morning too?" “Not on
an empty stomach ‘— where‘s my
breakfast?"

l know. you never read a stupider reply
in all of cornicdom than l‘lubert's stomach
crack. But think. have you ever read .r
crueler reply ill the fur“ “ pages? Thmll. of
Peanuts. of the Wizard of Id. of
Doonesbury. if you must. I don't think l'vc
ever encountered such bald animosity lll
any daily strip as exists iii that lluberi
panel. The Fat Broad is always cutting on
l3.C.. but would she offer him a plate of
food a dog wouldn't touch? Andy Capp is
continually tormenting l-‘lo. btit would he
refuse to kiss her on an empty stomach?

Hubert may represent the most irue‘to
life portrayal of domestic tensions of any
strip. and l have to include Bill Hoest's I‘lir'
Loclr'horns." At least in that strip you it“
the feeling that the antagonists are enioyillti
the cleverness of their wordplay. a comic
tradition as old its The Canterbury Tales
You get no such feeling from Hobart:
rather. a feeling that the characters enjoy
their hackneyed insults because of illuil
stupidity. This creates a sense of true-tolife
spontaneity. and not of a Bill Hoest or Reg-
gie Smythe working for hours on that
perfect turn of phrase.

Could this sense of spontaneity account
for a Hubert following. if indeed one exists?
Might not your typical married man and
possessor of no great wit revel in l'iubert's
small victories over Wife and Mother-in~
law? in Hubert's frequent ability to get the
last word lti not by clever turns of phrase.
but by shear force of personality?

l'rn eager to meet Artist Winegart and
find out for myself. l'ni just afraid he or she

will turn out to be ll-years-old. l i
_J

 

here have been quite a few bands
I in the past that have reached
moderate success. but then they
always seem to fade away into total
obscurity. Soon they hit the bottom and
once that point is reached It gets harder
and harder to reach the top again with a
decent album. Utopia is falling into that
category rather quickly Their last few
albums have gone nowhere on the charts.
yet the band still has a great deal of poten-
tial. Their new album is titled simply Utopia
and it seems that it will surely follow the
path of Below the Music and Swing to the
Tight. the last two releases by Utopia

Mike Gordon

‘immmmama‘mmi.33.;
fatiiillar with Utopia. despite the fact that
they are led by Todd Rnndgren. one of the
legends in the world of rock music He has
been a major solo performer for many
years. His top hits include "Hello. It's Me".
“I Saw The Light" and “Can We Still [to
Friends". He is also one of the top pros
ducers in the record industry, with such
acts as Meat Loaf and the Psychedelic
Furs, among many others. Brit as a
member of Utopia. Rundgren is a totally
different person. All of his pleasant love
ballads an gone. with it rriosi of his talent.
On Utopia Rundgren even steps behind
the spotlights. as he sings lead vocals on
only two songs. The other members of
Utopia are Roger Powell. Kasim Sulton
and Willie Wilcox » none of whom have
any particular talents out of the ordinary.

T he individuals, frorri l'lobokeri.
New Jersey, have released their
debut LP.I-‘ields. on Plexus
Records and it's a gem. Gene Holder's
Production is quite sparse. letting the
band's St come through as honest
rather than artificial. as some overproduc-
ed debut LP's tend to sound. One gets the
feeling that this was recorded live in the
stiﬂed“-

John DeMasi
kil'lr—tit'lie‘rwdn'tlyslslei  'riIiLl «lonet
Wygal handle drums and bass respectively.
while Janet and guitarists .lon l\'lages and
Glenn Morrow take care of vocals

An upbeat rhythm section propels most
tunes while the two guitars darn it and hop
front left to right. Very appropriate dancing
music. The guitar sound is basic and clean.
without distortion or other special effects
Leads are simple and catchy. and often
reminiscent of the Doors.

Most of the songs deal with interpersonal
relationships and or intrapersonal emo-
tions. “Hooks and Ladders" is a tune about
the frustration of desire and anticipation.
and the typical ineffectual method of deal-

, .r, 1":1

. o More Utop'

 

w . m-A—«n-..- ..

 

 

Both Powell and Stilton have released solo
albums in the past. neither achieving any
level of success. Ruridgren lowers lils stari-
dards for Utopia down to their level ap-
parently.

Like "De/ricc the Motor". Utopia is try-
liig very hard to sound like the fleatles
You know - short. fast and happy tunes.
One song in particular IS very McCart-
neyesque by Its title alone - it's called "Say
Yeah". The only problem is that don't
sound anything like the Beatles. Instead of
trying to be like another group. they should

lrig with such emotions. namely doing
nothing but whining Witness these lyrics:
"l'm tired of waiting on hooks and ladders
see my chances fade. do they matter. .I
make the motion. iust to hlrilf it" Further
more. lllt' opening lyrics of the song hint
that one may set oneself up to get burned.
perhaps to satisfy some subconscious self
fulfilling prophecy “Gel .i notion. wanna
use it crazy itching. gotta scratch it I build
fire. to walk right through it life desire. like
to prove it. yeah" Side two opens with
“Walk By Your House". a song about c|~
lnging to a broken relationship. as sting by
the unfortunate recipient of the irrfamorrs
“Dear John" letter The lyrics “Asleep in
your bed. l'm drunk in the field/l walk by
your house" reveal the typica‘ behavior of
someone hurting from reiectitin However.
as we all know. the best way to convalesce
from a lexicon heart is to dissociate one's
self from the l)l)]t.’t'l of one's affection. This
can be quite difficult. as The Individuals
acknowledge with the lyrics "I know it's not
right. but l'iii drawn here each night/l walk
by your house " And yes Virginia, there is
that hope that things would resume their
previous course with the closing lyrics “Do
you ever walk by my house?"

 

 

strive for their own identity. But maybe that
is why Utopia is going nowhere fast
Utopla's lyrics have never made much
sense before (remember "The Last Of the
New Wave Riders"?i And this albrrin
makes no deviation from the north In
"llad Little Actress", the heartbroken
singer is complaining of his lover who had
lied to him about their post
relationship. He tells someone that if they
"see her/give her my critique" That line
just does not fit in this song. “Burn three
times" is a ridiculous song that compares

Individual Identity

The tnost soulful song on the album. and
my personal favorite. is "Johnny's in the
Mines." Replete with psychedelic guitar
riffs and intelligent drumming. this song
deserves to be a hit on college radio sta
tions across the country. it has the aura of
the first Talking Heads album "Talking
Heads.77." Superficially the song is about
Johnny's sojourn in a niineshaft. but i can't
help btrt feel that poor Johnny's love life
parallels being trapped in a mineshaft as
the lights go out and the mine collapses on
him

"Dancing with my eighty wives” is the
single off the album The lyrics absolutely
baffle rue. biit that's alright because l'm
usually too busy dancing to notice.

The Individuals recently made their way
up to Albany for their debut performance
in this city The band had an addition. the
lovely Tricia Wygal. who handled the
keyboards and a bit of percussion. Quite a
talented lot. those Wygals The band did
most of the songs on the album. as well as
songs from the "Aquamarine" EP. on
which Tricia tap dances as an intro to the
song "Young and Dancing." Hopefully. it
won't be long before the individuals
return.

aspects on tuesday

love to food. T.V. dinners and Burger
Kings. etc. it Includes the “best” lyrics of
the whole album with a classic line “(ll
got a love so strong/you couldn't squish it
with a griddle". That's pathetic. Most of the
songs on the album are filled with similar
lines and terrible choruses. yet sometimes
the songs are almost likeable. Well. a con-
ple anyway

The single from the album is called
“Hammer in My Heart" Naturally then. it
has the sirnpllst lyrics and the catchlest
tune. tailor made for Wl-‘LY You know it's
going to be played there with litres like “it‘s
like a top ten song/l hear it all day long/l
try to turn it off" They are going to love i
over there

Wilcox sings lead vocals on “Neck 0
Up" lie shouldn't have. The song tries tr
capture the hearts (i mean minds) t,
feminists trieiywliere. lti “There Goes Mr
Inspiration". the tnaln theme deals will
love again. but this tlrne it is compared It
works of art and painters Will they ever
learn to leave love alone?

Utopia will be going on tour to promote
this new album They are scheduled to per.
form a concert to be shown across the
country on cable TV during Thanksgiving
One good point about Utopia is that they
do put on a very good show. When they
played the Palace three years ago to pro
mote "Adventures in Utopia". they filmed
the concert to be shown in Great Britain
Unfortunately they did no liunrlgren solo
material But the band played so well that it
wasn't missed much. Maybe this new
album will sound better live - we Will have
to wait and see. r

l
l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 
 

 

 

 

Ode To
’Trane

I listen Coltrane blares
violent reds. passroriate purples stream
forth
blow man blow
The sound fills becomes
.iiid you and i are one
blow nian blow
Sharp distortion ~ prancing. dancing.
smoothly sailing. souling
Yes i am your ioy. life
traiiscience bites
venom within yiens
oh baby
Now nian bltiiv
Willi passion you exalt the moment's
paiti
ielease. release me from myself
open plt .i .e’.
blow inati bltrw
Screeching hard
Yes i am alive
release .iiixreties I know the truth
but it hurts
so i blow. blow
blow man blow
i'm losrng it can you feel it . . .
grasping . i‘m almost there .
breathing my last breath
the struggle increases - harder
blow man blow.
woman . . .so much weight on your
shoulders
release me from this pain
ever get stuck in a grove . . .
over and over and over and over .
what a struggle to get out
Yea i know about all those philosophies
all those prescribed ways of living .
but . . .i got my own way
cause you see i'm all alone
all alone in this world
all manifests within me so
' blow man blow.
.You keep moving up the ladder . . .
-higher and higher and higher
but you see the higher you get
the farther you have to go . . .
lYou would think a home would await
the faithful traveler . .
Sorry babv - You can't sum it up. . .
i know . .i know . . .2 8L 2 is 4 so

blow man blow
-Isabella

suffering

lily ViL‘llS

oh cart you hear me

. . .haidc'

“9 <02 u.

 

 

 

 

