H... a... -‘ag. .. .‘.‘ 

7:711' ~

 

 

  

 

OCTOBER 26. I982

Rival Cadets teach Danes tough lesson, 21 -7‘

 

By Marc Haspel
smarssmm
North/721d. Vt.

Missing the services of starting quarter-
back Tom Pratt and defensive tackle Jim
Canfield. the Albany State Great Danes in-
vaded Norwich University's Sabine Field
Saturday only to be taught a bitter and cost-
ly lesson: you just can't afford to be ﬂat
against a proven rival.

The lesson. administered by tltc Norwich
Cadets. was bitter itt that it resulted in a 21-7
Albany loss. it was costly in that it may well
have dasited any hopes ilead Coach Bob
Ford and crew had of attending the NCAA
playoffs this season.

“We were just ﬂat." \illtl linebacker Ed
Eastman. who played an excellent gantc
compensating for the loss of tire injured
Canfieid up front. “Losing tlte gatne istt't
the worst part of it. Now miracles are going
to have to happen if we want to go to the
playoffs."

The Danes are now 4-2 and two losses ill
a nine-game schedule tttay be sufficient to
squash reasonable playoff expectations.
Last season, coincidentally. important in-
juries also had a hand in Albany’s destiny
as the Danes lost to Cortland immediately
after they had lost Pratt to Buffalo in the
preceding the game.

"it was just like the Cortland game last
year when we went out with key injuries."
said sophomore runningback Dave Soidini.
"They (Norwich) came out ready and we
were flat."

“Albany seems to be a team we get up
for." said Norwich head coach Barry
Mynter whose Cadets improved their
record to 3-4 with Saturday's victory in this
eight renewal of the rivalry.

"They kicked our butts," added Ford.
“The only good thing that can be said
about the game was that it wasn't as bad itt
the second half as it was in the ﬁrst half."

And it was bad in the first half. So
bad, in fact. that the Cadets walked into the
iockerroom with a 304-75 yard advantage in
total offense. The Danes were lucky to
enter intermission only trailing by 14 poittts.

Leading the Cadet offensive charge was
Mynter's midscason insertion into the star-
ting lineup at tailback. Winfield Brooks.
He gained 161 yards on ll carries including
two touchdown bolts.

“You can't weigh the guy of his con-
tributions." commented Mynter. "He‘s
just tremendous."

The Danes. forced to adjust their defense
to try to contain Brooks. allowed quarter-
back Dave O’Neil to open his passing game.

After Dane kicker Tom Lincoln missed a
38-yard ﬁeld goal attempt. the Cadets tooks
over and their well-balanced offense began
to roll. O'Neil handed off to the freshman
tailback, Brooks. who carried for 13 yards.
The passer then hit split end Steve Spano.
an Albany area product who gained l09
yards receiving. for ten more. O'Neil
followed with his other favorite receiver.
Beau Aimodobar. connecting for a big
22-yurd gaitter. Aimodobar pulled in nine
passes wortlt 142 yards. Two plays later
Brooks scurried 18 yards into the Albatty
end zone setting off the Norwich Howitzer
artillery. blasted after every home score.
Art Dwyer‘s extra point was successful attd
the Cadets lead 7-0.

Juttior Tont Roth started at quarterback.
playing nearly tlte etttirc first quarter. Ford
put itt his other substitute passer. south paw
Erie Liley. early lit the second quarter. Liley
was sacked very quickly attd. on third and ii
his cotttpieted toss to Soidini could not get
the Danes a first down.

The Cadets took the ball over on their

own 40-yard line and. on a thrid and short
situation. the ball was given to Brooks
again. The freshman made a move outside
after nearly being stopped near the line of
scrimmage. Once out in the open field.
Brooks was uncatchable, rttnnlng 54 yards
for Norwich‘s second score of the game.
Dwyer's extra point was sandwiched by the
sound of Howitzer ﬁre as the Cadets in-
creased the lead to 14-0.
“They used some blocking schemes we
hadn't seen before. They went up the mid-
dlc and just took it to us in the ﬁrst ltalf."
said Eastman, offering reasons how the
Norwich offense was able to generate so
much offense against the usually tough
Albany 4-4 defense.

Albany could not capitalize on several
late first half breaks. Several plays after
defensive back Dave Hardy recovered a ball
funtbled by Aimodobar deep in Albany ter-
ritory. a Norwich offsides gave the Danes
extended life on a fourth down panting
situation. However. Cadet defensive end
Mike Bender responded accordingly by
dttntping Roth. back in at quarterback. for
a loss and the Danes were forced to yield
the ball.

The Danes' offense seemed to awaken
front its virtual dormancy late in the half
when junior halfback John Dunham took
an option pitch frortt Roth and headed tip
the sideline for an 11-yard gain. Roth was
shaken up On the play and Liley took over.
But the Danes were stalled in their last sc-
cond bid at putting points on the

Spikers continue winning ways

increasing their

By ilise Levine

 

 

The Albany State women’s volleyball
team continued their winning season last
Saturday beating all four of their op-
ponents and increasing their record to 22-6

TheSpikers began the match against Pace
and although they got off to a slow start,
the team came back to beat their opponents
soundly with the scores 9-15. 15-4, and
15-2. They also beat both Potsdam and
Clarkson 15-3. 15-6 and 15-2. 15-3 respec-
tively, in ﬁve grueling hours of volleyball
matches.

Last week. the team played a series of
tough road games, racking up some more
victories in the win colutnn. The. Danes beat
Oneonta 15-3. 15-7. but narrowly lost to
Cortland. Giving up the first game 11-15.
Albahy came back in the second. 15-7. and,
lost the third game in a close 15-17 battle.

The Danes ‘faired better at the Springfield

record to 22-6

Open Tournament last Saturday. Facing
three tough opponents. the spikers con-
sistently played well taking two out of three
matches. Albany dropped the ﬁrst match to
Smith College. the tournament’s second
place team. 15-9. 11-15. 8-15. Albany also
defeated Division ii team. Hartford. 15-6
16-4. as well as. the University of Vermont,
15-3 15-1. The Danes then went on to play
Colgate in the quarterﬁnals but lost by the
scores 14-16. 7-15.

“We started out poorly. and work our
way up," said Head Coach Pat Dwyer

On October 14. the Danes played what
Dwyer called. “the best game of the season
against our toughest opponent. Everyone
on the team had an outstanding game.”
The team was West Point, ranked eigh-
teenth nationally in NCAA Division 11. The
Spikers beat them in three straight 15-10
15-11 and 15-9.

13»

scoreboard and were forced to accept the
14-0 halftime deficit.

The Cadets kept pounding in the second
half of play: With the aid of an un-
characteristic fumbled punt return by the
usually surchanded Dunham. Norwich

drove 85 yards to the Albany 11-yard line.
The drive was halted on third and long, so
Myttter sent his ﬁeld goal ttnit in to add
three more points. But Eastman applied
tremendous pressure on

the kick and
,.

 

    
   

ting by Hardy to maintain a substantial ad-
vantage in ﬁeld position. Twice Hardy’s
boots pinned the Cadets inside their own
one-yard line and twice the Cadets escaped
the poor field position without damage. in
fact. both times crucial Albany pcttaltics
gave Norwich some desperate breatlting
room plus ﬁrst downs in their own ter-
ritory.

Norwich sealed the victory late in the
fourth tiuarter. Defensive bttck Jerry

   

WILL VURMAN UPS

Dane tight and Jay Ennis was on the receiving end of an 89-yard touchdown
play. the longest in Albany history. In Saturday’s 21-7 loss.

Dwycr’s attempt failed.

On their first play from scrimmage after
tlte attempt. Roth, calling signals again.
found tight end Jay Ennis. hardly showing
signs of a shoulder injury suffered against
Cortland. on a short square-in pattern. The
tall tight end found a clear spot in the Cadet
secondary and once he had his hands on the
ball. simply outraced his defenders 89 yards
to their goal line. it was the longest pass
play in Albany State history. The
touchdown and Littcoln's extra point.
which followed it. scented to shift some of
the momentum over to the visitor's side.
Bttt those seven points were to be all the
scoring the frustrated Danes were going to
produce.

Even so. the Dattes did have tlteir oppor-
tunities. Albany tnoved into Norwich
ground on their next possession. but a Roth
funtble ended that drive. Also, Bob Jojo
picked off a lowly thrown O‘Neil pass, bttt
Albany again did not take advantage.

The Danes relied on some excellent pun-

O'Connor intercepted a Liley pass giving
the Cadets possession on the Albany
40-yard line. O'Neil struck again as he hit
Aintodobar near the right sideline for a
25-yard gain. After Brooks carried tltc ball
four yards. sophomore runningback Jitn
Earl took the ball up the middle for a final
round of Howitzer guttfirc with just 4:08 rc-
tnaining iii the game.

Albany tried to mount a final comeback
on their ensuing possession uttder Lilcy's
direction, but that threat was thwarted as
well.

“Our kids have played tough football
this year. we've been up and own." said a
happy Mynter. The win narrowed the
Albany-Norwich rivalry at 5-3 still itt favor
of Albany.

“They're art excellent bull club." admit—
ted Ford. "i can't understand ltow tltey lost
four games."

"We've got Alfred and Buffalo coating
up.” he continued. “We've got ottr work
cut ottt for us." El

1

Women bootersfall short

 

By Dee Prentiss

 

the game."

against Springﬁeld,

 

The Albany State women’s soccer team lowered their record to 5-4-2 when they suf-
fered a l-0 loss to Plattsburgh last Friday. Plattsburgh raised their record to 9-1-1.

The only goal of the game was scored by Plattsburgh at 2:30 in the second period by
Allison Jenks. The shot was a high kick and the Dane Booters let it bounce into the
penalty box when it should have been cleared in the air. ‘

During the game. Plattsburgh had 16 shots-on-goal and Albany had 11. Headcoach
Amy Kidder felt the team should have won but Plattsburgh was successfully clearing
our of the penalty box when Albany threatened deep in opposing territory.

it was a very frustrating game for both players and coach because Albany lost to Plat-
tsburgh twice last year and this time the game was very evenly matched. Kidder noted:
“it was 0-0 at half time, the game could have gone either way. but just didn't put
enough things together. We didn‘t do what we needed to."

The women bootch had a whole second half to come back and win the game. but
they had to control the ball in order to score. which they just weren't able to do. Platt-
sburgh consistently stepped in to take the ball away. Kidder felt the hooters were not
playing up to their potential: “The team lacked aggressiveness at Friday's game. we on-
ly attacked with three people with no support from the other girls. We have to have
more people attacking. They were more aggressive and as a result they won the bail and

=The team’s next two games are at home. Wednesday against Vassar and Saturday
El

 

 

j

 

 

 

 

 
      

VOLUME LXIX

PUBLISHED AT THE STA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK ATI

  
  

ALBANY _
STUDENT
PRESS

 

ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION
Friday

October 29, 1982

 

   

NUMBER 33

 

 

 

SUNY avoids increases in dorm rates, tuition

 

By Mark Hammond

NI "'5' [EDI [OR

 

Students won a major victory Wednesday
morning when the SUNY Board of Trustees
voted 14 to i to avert the proposed $80
dortn fee increase, allowing SASU time
to devise altcrttale ways to raise tltc $5
million revenue the hike would itavc
ttteattt. _

Some 100 students attended tlte meeting
itt protest as the board approved the State
University's l‘lliJ-li-l $l.265.8 million
budget. which allowed an amendment for
revisions. SASU President and board
member .littt l'ietney called tlte meeting "a
landmark“ in SUNY-SASU ttttitv as
"tltc board acted responsibly to student
concerns" and avoided tttitiott bikes for
cottttttunily colleges ttttd ottt of state
students.

The board refused to ettt any tttottey
front the httdget, bttt agreed after it 15
tnimtle argument by Tierney to wait until
Ilte November 22 board meeting to decide
on the dortn rate hike. Meanwhile. Tierttey
atttl SASU “ill investigate "creative" ways
to fill the gap. suggesting cost-effective
utility cuts and vandalism checks as possible
money-savers. '

in the budget proposal released Friday.
there was a provision to raise out—of-statc
tuition $1.400 which also allowed com-
munity college tuition to rise. A
cooperative group of approximately 100
students gathered in the lobby at the SUNY
Central building Wednesday. but only some
50 others were allowed into the meeting due
to fire restrictions in the 13th floor meeting
room. Students were allowed up on a one-
for-one basis, but Wexler exhorted students
to remain in the lobby. “it's important they

in-
"P'.
.

re.

    

 

 

Ci‘ ”

DAN BICKEB NEW PALTZ ORACLE

Clifton Wharton addresses SUNY Trustees

 

 

lioarrl agreed will: slmlenls‘ to research other ways to raise revenue.

know you’re here." ltc said. There were
representatives from Binghamton. Stony
Brook. New Paltz and Albatty.

The budget will now be sent to the State
Divisiqn of Budget for extensive review and
recommendations until February 1. when
will come before the New York State
Legislature and the new Governor.

SASU ltas expressed the fear that this
year the DOB may recommend tuition in-
crease. "Wc're very concerned that when

the DOB gets their hands on it they're going
to go crary with it." Tierttcy said at the
meeting.

"if SUNY doesn‘t do what the DOB
wants. they’re subject to financial ltaruss-
meat." warned Tierney. "The real blame
falls on the DOB."

Deputy Chief Bttdgct Examiner for the
DOB Alex Rollo denied that the DOB ex-
erted any financial pressure on SUNY. say-
ing. "No. we can only make recommenda-

tions. it's up to the Board of Trustees to
make up the budget." Rollo refused to
speculate on a tuition increase.

The budget requests over $991 million in
slate futtds while the university would con-
tribute $274.7 tttiiliott from its income
sources. The new budget represents tt rise of
ii percent over the current I982-83.
bttdgct of $1,140 million.

The Trustees suggested to students at the
meeting to lobby the State Legislature for
their interests. l'icrncy said earlier this week
that SASU planned to file a written cottt-
plttint witlt the DUI! dlitl follow the bill
through its various phases. The budget will
meet final approval by tltc new Governor
on April l. 1983.

Within the otigittal budget was an ap-
proved .15 percent increase to SUNY's four
llealtlt Science Centers at Stony Brook.
Buffalo. Syracuse. and Brooklyn. Since the
total increase was only ll percent. SASU
feels the increase was disproportionate and
unfair.

“it's profitable. They are funding (the
Health Centers) at the expense of the other
campuses." said SASU Legislative Director
Steve Cox. “1 don‘t see why SUNY should
be in the hospital business."

Wexler said that SASU had not intended
to devote a great deal of energy to the
budget. but when they saw it last Friday
they immediately organized to protest
against it.

“i'm very pleased with tile meeting.“
Tierney said after Wednesday's adjourn-
ment. "This is really the ﬁrst time SUNY
has been so responsive to studettts." Ll

Israeli speakers discuss Middle East conflicts

Rabinovich reveals flaws in Israeli war strategy

By Ellen Santasiero

__,___,______F.___—

The natttrc and consequences of the war
in Lebanon were the topics addressed by
guest lecturer ltamar Rabinovich in the
Campus Center on Tuesday. Rabinovich. a
visiting professor ofMiddle Eastern Studies
at Cornell University. is from Tel Aviv
University.

The special advisor of the Knesset com
ntittce on lsraeli and Lebanese affairs. itc
directs the Sitiioah institute for Middle
Eastern Affairs at Tel Aviv. Rabinovich
was invited to speak by the JSC-Hillel com-
mittee. Students for lsrael.

The professor began with a brief account
of the cause of the Lebanese war. saying
the war was initiated by israel due to the
PLO in South Lebanon having capabilities
to bomb North Lebanon.

The lsraeli check on the PLO was the on-
ly alternative. ltc believed. Communications
ltad not produced any results so israel
resorted to taking military action against
the PLO. he said.

The war is a very controversial one as it
entails contplcx political ends. said
Rabinovich. israci has become divided over
the war arid the Palestinian issue. An im-
portant factor, lte said, is that israei has
received tnorc media coverage than other
recent conflicts. which has been to her
disadvantage. Becattsc the PLO strategical-
ly placed itself itt civilian towns. lsraeli war
atrocities were easily scnsationaiizcd by the
media. he said.

Rabinovich wettt on to point out the

ﬂaws in lsraeli planning, one being heavy
reliance on the Phalangists and Bashir
Gemaycl. Tltc war could have been more
limited. but the original plan of the war. to
go 25 tniles into Lebanon and enter Beirut,
got extended. said Rabinovich. alluding to
the lengthening image of a telescope. Ac—
cording to Rabinovich, israel ltas come
under a lot of fire for these flaws.

He stressed that the war should be looked
at in a broad context dttc to the nature of
the PLO. Describing the organization as
having the "paraphernalia for state,"
Rabinovich said that the PLO “ceases to be
guerilla" and becomes the “master of their
own defeat." The outcome of this war will
show the PLO as a military loser.
Rabinovich said. bttt a political winner as
well because the media has bolstered their
position.

Terrorist acts by the PLO will be curtail-
ed by this war. said Rabinovich. as the PLO
will lose their major base. He added.
however. that there are always terrorist
groups. even in peace time. The reason
Rabinovich gave for the PLO's continued
activity since the 19131 cease-fire is their in-
terpretation of the cease-fire to ntean that
they were restricted to fight across the
border. but could penetrate elsewhere.

Rabinoviclt touched on the Beirut
massacre. declaring Defense Minister Ariel
Sharon’s decision to send Pltalangists into
the catnps was politically unsound.

in attsWer to why isracl is selling arms to
lran, Rabinovich pointed to ﬁnancial
reasons and israel's interest itt making a

 

 

 

 

DAVID RIVERA UPS
Itamour Rablnovlch
Media sensatiortalized war atrocities.
long term investment of future relations
with lran. israci mttst sell the arms out of
ﬁnancial necessity and iron is an interested
consumer.

Rabinovich remarked that everyone has
something to say about U.S.-lsraeli rela-
tions and went on to define U.S. interest in
lsrael. israei provides the U.S. with
strategic and financial information worth
billions of dollars, Rabinovich said, adding
that the  also has a moral commitment
to Israel as it is a democratic. pro-Western
nation, and is the only representation ofthe
U.S. in the Middle East. The only trouble
with this. Rabinovieh noted. was that with
tittte. officials ehattge along with interest

12>

Radical rabbi Kahane
calls for Jewish pride
and power: We’re

going to kill the PLO’

By Ray Caligiure
smrr mum

Calling for militant Jewish pride and
power and lsraeli nationalism. Rabbi Meir
Kahane blasted Atncrican Jewish leaders as
“timid pygmics and dwarfs" in his speech
at the Campus Center Ballroom Wednesday
night.

The 50 year-old founder of the Jewish
Defense League. who resides in lsrael. said
he wants to “rid Jews of self-hate attd
guilt" to an applauding audience of tnore
than 400 people.

“It's far better to be a winner than a
loser. to be a winner in israel and have the
whole world ltate us titan to have six million
dead in Auschwitz and have the whole
world love us.” said Kahane.

Kahane urged Jews to emigrate to isracl
beeattsc they are “losing identity" in the
U.S. and on college campuses. American
Jewish leaders have “wrecked km for 80
years." Kahane said.

Kahane told the crowd that Jewisit peo-
ple should not how to recent criticism stem-
tnittg front the Lebanese War arid the
massacre of Palestinians by Christian
militiamen last month. "i have no guilt."
ltc said.

Kahane called for expulsion of all Arabs
from israel and its occupied lands. offering

12?

 

 

Wazﬂfdcturwﬂ. .  . .

wmuw-V.a—_. - _ .

 

