 

 

E D

ITOR’I

A L

 

 

 

Turning away from us all

thousands of small electronic boxes turn in time
with it.

The business of the world is carried oser nticrowave
antennas to satellites tens of thousands of miles away.
Military establishments all over the world hate satellites
monitoring the airwaves. watching the land. tracking the
sky. The atmosphere is continually observed by cameras in
distant orbit. Telecommunications are carried to every part
of the surface. Some adsocate power from orbiting col-
lecters. some say they can mote industry otttside of the at-
mosphere.

The history of man‘s adtcnlttres oll‘ the surface of the
Hand ltas not been one determined by cottcern for advanc-
ng science and the benefit of all people. it has been led by
tlte military dreams ot the men who tell the rest of its ltow
to live.

After the war the effort was tojust get into space. All the
thing had to do was to beep periodically. and it be embar-
rassing enottgh to the othet guy. The whole idea was to cm-
barrass the other guy. And it worked. After Sputnik. the
red-faced leaders pttsltcd pratical science down the tltroats
of the country's youth. Now we had to embarrass the other
guy.
We had to do something totally outrageous. something
that would really intimidate tltctn. The moon].

After Kennedy 's assasinatiott. the space program became
an unquestionable tribttte to a ntartyr. Billions and billions
of dollars were pottred ittto the flights of fancy to the moon
to collect a few pottttds of rock. Only one scientist tnadc it
to the moon — the test were just rock collectors. We sttre

E arth turning. the earth turns. Atcing along the sky

embarrassed the other guy. He sent a remote-control lander
that send back their rocks at a fraction of the cost.

The same thoughts control the was things work today.
Scientific programs like Voyager. the Hailey‘s Comet cx-
plorer and Viking arc citlter dead or barely hanging on.
wltilc commercial/military projects like the shuttle are cm-
phasi/ed. NASA is busy retailing the shuttle ﬂights ottl
while the Pentagon puts finishing touches on its secret
tnilitary lattnch facility at Vandenburg Air Force Base in
California.

The people wlto pay for the government are becoming
less interested in the military/space program than ever.
During the height of interest in the Apollo program
millions of people would gather ttear the Florida launching
site to watch the tift~ofl'. A tiny fraction observed the last
sltttttlc launch. People don't care because people rcali/e
that the shuttle will benefit them very little. As the ttovelty
of space flight ltas worn off. ntore people question the why
the money is being spent.

The concern in goscrnntent is not for the welfare of the
people on the street —-— a quick look at the most rcccttt
unemployment figures will tell you that. More of the
population is out of work now than tluringatty of the reces-
sions \se'\c had since tltc Second World War. \ ’c‘tc altttost
got tltc Great Depression beat.

The rhetoric from the Reagan-types is less and less op-
timistic. The light-at-thc-ettd-of<llie-tunnel speecltcs are
becoming fewer as the speakers now see that the ligltt they
see is a poor petsott with a flashlight looking for food.
Their attitude lately ltas become tttorc well. -we'||-ha\e-Io-
wait-attd-scc.

Most of the Reagan-types actually are pretty Well
satisfied. The interest rates and inﬂation rate are declining,
at the expense ot‘jobs. inﬂation has always been the stress
of Reagan's economics. not unemployment.

Here in academia we're isolated for a few years from the
working world, bttt outside of this place unemployment is a
reality graduates face. That‘s a reason why many people are
taking their time to graduate — more credits can only help
find employment. and majors can be added to make the
time until jobs are available again go a little more produc-
tively. A
The working world is facing the lack of jobs now,
ltowever. So many people have been out of work for .so
long that unemployment benefits are having to be extended
to help people get along. Food pantries are going bare. and
little end is in sigltt. ‘

But as the food pantries need to cover for more people
unable to get sufficient aid. the missiles. rockets. fets. tanks
and space shuttles of the people in charge get aid for the
companies of those in charge.

It ltas been called wondering about stuff you don’t know
about. bttl drawing ties to isolated bttt related ideas sttclt as
uttetttployntent and the space shuttle show that these ideas
do conncct — the decisions aren't being tttade to benefit
who need and deserve assistance. The space prograttt is
anotlter subsidy of contractors such as Marlin Marlnetta
tltat sttpply the tnilitary attd is a strong step away frotn the
concept of space technology for peaceful. earth-centered
uses. It is another tool of the arms race. The shuttle is a fan-
cy when tttorc people are out of work titan in the past four
decades. I I

 

C

O L U

M N

 

 

 

The rain of Reagan

With President Reagan attentpting to cttt bureaucratic
red tape. and with his desire to trim gotcrnment regulations
and the accompanying espcnscs. Reagan is rclasing pollu-
tion control standards itnposed on factories and
automobiles. '

Supposedly this will save the manufacturer attd the con-
sumer money. Reagan espccts that with relascd pollution
emission standards. the cost of manufacturing commodities
will be lessened and passed on to the consumer...

lRobert Martiniano

As we are all well aware. these savings ttcter'fhid‘tlt-cir
way to the consumer. and are ottly gobbled up as corporate
proﬁts for which otin a few benclit.

More importantly. ltowescr. these lttscd regulations will
lead to serious cnstronmcntal deterioration. With acid raitt
a serious problem tn botlt this country and Canada. relax-
ing regulations will only cxaspcratc thc seriousness of the
problem.

Though we commonly refer to this as acid rain. it falls to
the earth as snow. sleet. hail. and brown around cities like
Los Angeles as acid smog.

Born in the smoke stacks and exhaust pipes of Canada
and the United States. the acid precipitation finishes its trek
on our crops. in our lakes. on our homes. and on our
bodies. This is one problem we share with Canada. Ap-
ptoximately fifty percent of the acid precipitation which
falls in Canada originates in the United States. Reciprocat-
ing that gift. fifteen percent of the acid precipitation which
falls in the United States originates in Canada. No restraint
of trade here.

Acid precipitation begins as sulfur dioxide (50.) and
various nitrogen oxides (NO-x); emissions from smoke
stacks and exhaust pipes. Combining these 50. and NO-x
particles with moisture from the clouds, sulfuric acid and
nitric acid respectively are formed. It is these sulfuric and
nitric acids which fall to earth and destroy our environ-
ment.

Normal rain's pH is 5.6. Since 7.0 is pH neutral. normal
rain is naturally acidic. With the acid particles now in our
rain. the pH range is between 4 and 4.5. Fish begin dying
around pH 6 and most. if not all. ﬁsh are dead by tltc time
pH reaches 4.5. Currently rain in the Adirondack region
averages about pH 4.2. Needless to say. many lakes and
trout ponds in the Adirondacks no longer support life.

The fish are affected two ways by the acid precipitation.
Calcium is depicted from the fish's bones and body tissues.
This causes a multitude of deformities. The acid precipita-
tion also causes aluminum to be released from the surroun-
ding soil. Gradually clogging up the ﬁsh‘s gills. the fish die
a very slow death.

Eventually all animal and plant life is destroyed in the
lake. Remaining is an algae-covered mass of lifeless water.

Acid precipitation also affects the forests. The acid

 

causes impaired plant growth and datttage to the leaves.
This ltas severe adverse affects on the logging ittdttstry. tltc
affects of long term acid poisoning would cause severe
repercussions throughout the entire American economy.

Accompanying tltc death ofthe forest. wild life. botlt fly-
ing attd ttot. will also die. Witlt the food supply dccintatcd.
and their homes destroyed. nothing is left but startation.

Though the direct correlation between acid rain and
huntatt health is still being researched, indirect ha/ards are
evident. The acid in the rain is destroying statues. public
buildings. and ottr homes and automobiles.

We are breathing in these dissolved particles as well as
other pollutants in tltc air. Our entire environment is into\-
icatcd with these particles and the acid from the raitt.

is the price of a car worth tltc cnvirontnental danger we
are facing? We may save a little on thc car. bttt the savings
are too little if we |0sc thc attimal and plant life which coex—

ist on this earth with tts. Ultimately humankind will feel the
affects of this deterioration.

Reagan tnust be tnade to realize that his decision to relax
pollution standards may be politically expedient but will do
little for the cnvirontncttt.

Reagan cannot satisfy tnonied interests while destroying
the world we live in. The immediate rewards must be made
secondary to the health of the environntcnt.

New York State is lit the middle of the acid rain con-
troversy. Ottr lakes and rivers are adversely being affected
tnore tltatt itt other states. The pollutants travel across the
natiott. from Ohio and Illinois. and are deposited in our
lakes and streams. on our forests. and in our food.

If we continue to allow this. we are committing stticidc
with ottr state. We must speak out and stop this holocaust
before tltc survivors are few. 1

 

 

 

“294‘!

' wt '
.. WW
«I asst-I‘ve"

1 .,,
,u— v

t

. a".

l

 ’ erth e

 

 

 

 

 

By Marc Haspel

WORM IDHOR

“Although the young and ine
ed 1981-82 Albany ate Grea
compiled an impressi 18-10 r
cluding runner-up in the ECAC
New York regional, they 
satisfied with themselves when th
came to a close. In the past, Alba t ,
were accustomed to particij'ating in the
NCAA Division III tournament, but two
fateful losses in last March’s SUNYAC
playoffs broke that tradition.

This season the Danes are looking to
rebound. Despite the presence of new
question marks concerning defense and
bench strength, the Danes are entering this
new season with confidence that they can
win — an important quality they lacked
last year. ' 25>

i‘.

on

"greaterc Pnfid age

to?!

“t

‘ as..- ..-.. ~.....»»...... .-

covm PHOTO: sue Ml

. 7.. ‘osamcwm—nt , am”. a

 

t.

 

 

