 

m...  .. PM..- w WWN-‘s- .

-w a: s5; ‘-

i
ii‘

   

   
   
    
   
    
   
   
    
     
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
    

 

 

 

‘ Closer

Look'

 

Jonathan Mlle-

 

The Lspgctre ofdiscrimtnation has once
again reared its ugly head here at SUNYA;
concerned students are grappling with the
burning issue of the ROTC's presence on
campus.

A number of students feel that the
presence of this army officer's training
program on campus violates the
University's non-discrimination policy.
While the courses offered here are open to
anyone. an actual commission In any
branch of the military Is dented to a self-
proclaimed homosexual

This. clearly. ls discriminatory. But is
discrimination necessarily a dirty word?

There are two kinds of discrimination:
arbitrary discrimination and performance
based discrimination. Arbitrary
discrimination is based solely on individual
prejudice. has no rational justificaton. and
is indefensible. Racial bigotry is a common
example. of this. Our University policy

forbids this. but only this kind of
discrimination. To quote. what is forbidden
‘in discrimination “based on non-
performance criteria."

50 the university implicitly accepts
discrimination which is based on
performance criteria. is it wrong for an art
critic to be discriminating? is it wrong for
our University's admissions committee to
be discriminating? Clearly not. because this
discrimination is not arbitrary or prejudicial;
it is solely rational judgement designed to
maintain some level of quality.

That is why the admissions standards of
the ROTC do not violate the University's
non-discrimination policy. Military policy-
makers are not hopeless homophobics.
and while they may hold personal opinions
oi homosexuality they are not brazen
enough to set them down as policy. Their
interest. from their point of view. in being
discriminating is solely performancebased.

Why. then. do these policy-makers see
homosexuality in the ranks as reducing the
quality of the armed forces? Military
idealogy calls for the formation of a group
of diverse individuals into the single entity
of a fighting unit. To accomplish this
requires a closely regimented life and an

ilnviolable structure of obedience and
loyalty to commanding officers. The

individual is stripped of iris humanness.
identity. and freedoms: he submergcs his
self into the whole. Only on leave or on a
weekend pass does the individual explode
in an orgy of self-expression. it isn't a
pretty picture. but it's necessary if there is
to be a military.

To openly introduce homosexuality into
the same-sex. 24vliour living and working
conditions in the military woud destroy the
premise underlying all military units. Any
kind of sexuality. with its accompanying
diversion and self-expression. is an

- anthema upon military authority. Some
would argue that homosexuals are not
necessarily promiscuous and homosexuality
would not be open or widespread. first
hand accounts from inside the military tell
me otherwise.

There are other reasons not to have the.
military on campus; there are also reasons
why one may not wish to encourage
homosexuality. None of them are involved
in the context of the current ROTC debate
The controversy should be put the rest
until someone comes up with viable
grounds for intelligent protestfl

 

g_a

 

 

 

Working
Stiff

Beth-nu Gold-teln

 

She knew she shouldn't day-dream on the
job. When her thoughts wandered. she
would completly forget where she was. Her
thoughts would suddenly take a turn away
from reality — thoughts she would never
have under ordinary conditions. it was only
the time. place and events that would put
her in a frame of mind that was not typical to
her personality . . .

'i'hrcethirty-iive. l've been here an hour
and a half already. Time. is going quickly.
What a cute baby. Babies are amazing.
Maybe l'll have one someday-I'll have a rich
husband and we'll have a joint-checking ac-
count and go shopping once a week for
groceries and have aa cute baby. What the
hell am | holding in my hand? Tripesl Yecch!
that‘s calves‘ brains!

She would shake her head. clearing the
nonsensical thoughts she was having. and
also to hold back the nausea she experienc-
ed a the sight and feel of the tripes . . .

.Only four hours and fifteen minutes to go.
Look at the crap this lady is feeding her fami~
ly — TV dinners Should i tell her they have
roach legs in them? Nab. that's bad p.r.
Besides. she might get rather upset. Turkey
pot-pies. E'- ior 99 cents. Ugh. Here's
something good ~ a pound-bag of peanut
MSLM's. Frozen pizzas for a little variety. Oh.
god. she got some ground beef. This lady
can cook!

"9.2.94. please."

"Oh. shit. Hold it a second. Ellen. would
you hold my bag a second. Ellen! ELLEN!
Stop rubbing your bubblegum in your
brother's hair! Jimmy! Stop putting those
groceries in the bag! Let thtl lady do it!" Bitch!
"l'mnot going to have anymore children.
The doctor says I can't anyway. so l had a

. iiysteructnirry."

“Yourchange is $2.06: thank you. have a
nice day." Oh God. i sound like a robot
when i say that. Oh no. an old lady with a
shit-load of shopping bags ' '

“Would you please put a double-bag in
each of these . . ." And pack them fight."
. . . And pak them light . . ." i have to walk
up two fligis of stairs  . . i have to walk tip

I V ..jwo flights of stqirjgfl'ﬂpw'clqt’ne every old

person in Albany lives on the third floor of an:
apartment?

 diiiip‘ar‘tspwnvas

 

 

 

I
*

 

 

 

    

photo perspective by Will Yunnan

"Walt! that was sixty-eight cents!"

"Sixty-nine. Look. it says so."

“it's on sale for sixty-eight!"

“Price check!" Jesus. how can something
be on sale for one cent less? “Would you
please check the price on this? Thank you."

"i'm sure the sign said sixty-eight."

"Okay. we're getting it checked." in her
mind. she was reaching across and placing
her hands around the old lady's neck.
squeezing. squeezing . . .

"What? it's sixty-nine? Thank you."

“i don't want it. then."

Squeezing. "i got a void!"

I want a break. We got a nicotine fit. Oh
no. why Is he lighting up a cigarette? is it a
habit people have? After shoppingfor food. i
know I love a cigarette. Yeah. that's right.
blow the smoke in my face like i don't exist.
You‘re cool. He'll put this cashier in her
place. i need a break.

“4.25"

“You have beautiful hair."

"Uh . . . thank you. $4.25."

"l have money." What's that supposed to
mean?

An hour and a hrilf. That's all. Then i can
go home and pretend i didn't have to work
today. The things i do for money. the abuse i
take.

These people don't appreciate the thin
degree of humanity l have that keeps me
from murdering them. i can only get back at
them to subtle ways. Like. putting their bread
under some cans. or not doubling their
coupons. They don't cry in their pilows
every night as a result of my revenge. But.
then. I don't cry in my pillow either. I need
the money too much. it

Woddjeood

Cloud 7'
Chamber

Hubert-Kenneth chloy

(So ahead—fill their heads
be ahead -—]ill their heads with poison

. Take a look—these people are savages

Take a look—at their misfortune

Y -Dautd Byrne
I it begauvas a quiet afternoon affair.
~Friends gathered to celebrate a coming
Itogcther. Time and space have caused
once good friends to move in opposite
 lreotltin‘s.

Order tir‘ris‘fttef a iaEW‘dt'chbds tins

come to visit. Boredom with all of its

 

m

shy-“1.1;: L. i

. attendant fears and worries have set up

' shop upon our doorsteps. A restlessness
usually attributed to spring fever. Spung
howeveris not the cause of this present
malaise. Rather the uncertainties of tile

have thrust themselves forward into our

spaces.

Laughter surrounds us as If it were a
painted on halo. Giving hope to otherwise
lonely and desperate souls. A haunting
spectre looms in the distance. The end to
all we have known new approaches Is It
just that we have matured and recugntm
now that death is closer with each passing
breath? Or perhaps the illusions of youth
are now being traded over the counter for
the “straight jackets" and "ties" of
adulthood?

No matter; the crowd still plays to the-
stage that we are in. We are youth. we are
the future. The wodd is soon to be ours.
Still for now it (the world) belongs to those
who have come before us.

Out of this confusion one would
normally expect some sort of hero or
villain (for that matter) to arise. No such
distraction, however, appears likely to
emerge. The heroes have all been shot or
betrayed. The villains seem too content to
show themselves.

The messiah isn't likely to com“ back
today or tomorrow. So whatever transpires
will be a reﬂection of the great mass of
normal. average everyday people Not the
sort of stuff great epic novels or movies re
made of. Nevertheless it is the "boat" \W
find ourselves in.

Two such everyday people sit at a table
reviewing the crowd and its aCllVlitt’S
Neither of them is aware of it but they are
the “point of it all."

Person A: How's the weather outside?

Person B: About as boring as lliiév place
is.

Person A: How is it that l've nevr'r seen
you before?

Person B: You see it started in
childhood . . . but to make a long story
short. i'm just visiting this weekend.

Person A: Do you work for a living?

Person B: Only when forced to by
economic necessity.

Person A: Do you care to expand upon
that last remark?

Person B: You sure do ask a lot ut
questions.

Person A: l'll stop asking questins it il
bother you so much.

Person B: There you go responding to
things i did not say.

Person A: Are you sure that We have
anything to talk about?

Person B: What would be so harmful
about that end result?

Person A: i'm only trying to rnzikt- polite
conversation. But you seen Intent upon
being impossible.

Person B: Unable to face reality so you
have to resort to name calling. A most
interesting form of behavior.

Person A: i do not have to sit hunt and
take this kind of abuse from you. ill have
you know that i'm not accustomed to being
treated in this manner.

Person B: Sounds like your overall
repressed personality has finally
overwhelmed your conscious ability to

, interact.

Person A: i must again remind you of
your place. you are not so important ilk“
you cannot be replaced.

Person B: You want to get bigh'.‘

Person A: Now you're talking of
committing criminal acts and tryinil l“
involve me In them.

Person 8: When was the last lliiti‘ vmt
had a positive sexual interaction?

Person A: i do not have to discuss rui' '
personal life with you.

Person B: Just as i expected 'i'HH iii“
one. of the millions of Americans who rim
unable to deal with their sexuality

Person A. Would you care to s:..'
outside and settle this matter.
person B: Normally I would 910le
agree. but l've carelessly forgotten to l)i'li'tQ
the Vaseline. i hope yo will be able to
forgive me.

Person A: i'm leaving. l hrer 1 “9"”
see you again.

Person B: Your loss, my Sam-

The moral of the story: Don't extted ll
‘unsaen to come torwarduntil 5‘0“ “a” ('0

re
al

 

with what's in front of you.”

 

 

Reflex

Action

' News

 

Steve Gone!

 

The ritual begins for tnost at six and
continues for the truly devoted at eleven.
Some would call it masochistic. more
patronizing observers would call it essential.
while the more cynical factions would
simply dismiss it a an elixir for the ignorant

There are those who approach the ritual
not with philosophy. but with simple
capitalism arid they are rewarded in kind.
That is why the ritual better known as TV
news is now longer than ever and in turn
all the more tedious.

Hail Chancellor. a salute to Rather. a
bow to whoever is anchoring at ABC. We
flock to hear you breathlessly spew out the
world to us in 2'! minutes after
commercials. But why have you punished
us with such spineless local imitators?

For those of us who enjoy poring
through the New York Tunes to read up
on anything and everything and the
Knickerbocker thus for llit' comics and
late sports scores. it is all too tempting to
dismiss TV news as all bark and no bite.
But TV has been a lot more formidable as
of laic than most print reporters would (‘itic
to admit. what with Cable Nuws Network.
Night/inc and the like Recent studies Show
eight out of ten people My on TV as their
sole source of information. 5nd btit
momentous in any case

That is quite r'i burden for the average
station to shoulder And the three Albany
stations are usually crushed by the weight.
btrt not before raking in a tidy profit with
up to two hours of local news daily

in Albany that amounts to a mix of
froth. sheer boredom. outright trainipiness
and occasionally winning reporting.

A word first about critt'rta. It Would be
reasonable to expect that in a i‘iit’tllllin-
sized market such as this. with fewer
resources and greener talent. a HUM/S
program would realize its limitations and
set out to produce a tin-nonsense. and
concise product. Not to be. as all tlirt‘tl
stations have gleaned lllt' most despicable
portions of their big city counterparts. Tliat
Albany TV news tries to pass itself off its
major-league material is precmely wiry it
needs a good thrashing.

Anyone who watches TV news lTL'it' is
aware that you can sum up the day in
about 1.") minutes. throw in some sports. ti
little weather and before you know it. a

Qn i hejeai

 

Vlc the Cop

 

 

#_
San Salvador, El Salvador——

A lot has happened in the past few
weeks since 1 last wrote my column. Like.
for instance. how i quit the force for a
better paying job —- working for the
Stuyvesant Plaza Security forces. Well. that
'lasted about two days. You see, the cop
with whom i trained with at the plaza was
interested in some terrific opportunities he
read about in the back of Soldier of

r Fortune.'rnagaztneuinfacttr l. was so 5
Li i'try lo tiioil til .- 99.“; min,

half-hour ls gone. So it is in the interest of
the pocketbook and certainly not
Journalism that Channels 6 and 10 slug It
otit with an hour newscast at slx.After that
first 15 minutes. what do they kill time
with? it's the makings of a real bad
comedy.

Undoubtedly Channel 10 is the most
offensive of the whole lot. What is meant
to be an earnest news program is a
blatantly low-grade. shallow affair. with
such hilarious Innovations as a weather
map that looks like the US. is enclosed in

    
 

a shoebox. background graphics that tnay
have come straight from a first-grade
reader. To go with them an t'itlivr Vill” or
courageous. btit not very t‘triniri'tt'nt news
team.

Anchorman Dick Wood is rapidly
becoming one of the true relics in the
Grunt Northeast. it would not be surprising
if people turn on Channel lfl as it reflex
action. "Let's watch Dick Wood." someone
once sairl to mu. Why? "BL‘t‘rlliSt' he's
there." Oh

What really male Dick Wood's rating
nurnbvrs hang in there is something so
subliminal. yet so tll)\\‘ii'l(i‘L‘riI'lli. it's scriiy.

Dick Wood looks like the prototypical
father. the aliknowing. the authority He'll
tell you about the latest unemployment
figures in the same way you were lokl.
“This is going to litirt‘niu a lot more than it
is going to hurt you." See Dirk deliver llit'
rest of the news in stuntoritrn tones Sur-
Dick leer pi'OlCCitVt'ly tit kid connchor
Marci Elliott. See awed wvtithr'rman Bob
Kovancliick rcverently address Dick as

.niprest-d with the $475 a week I could
make working for a foreign power that I
made reservations to fly from the center of
the fry pan into the fire ~~ lil.
SALVADOR!

l packed my bags and told my wife
Delores I would be going on it!) t'Xltfiitll’tl
vacation to survey titrllcc' tactics in Latin
America. She was understanding and
offered to hold down tliv ftrt'i 'til i got but k

So off to the tropical paradise down
.south o' the border. My friend. Al. and l
were immediately greeted (ll llit' airport
with a full honor guard of the National
Security Police. After a brief ceremony. we
were all taken away in buses to a training
center where we were issued semi
automatic Alf-371 with a .Iitib magazine it
can fire (it) rounds per straight through ll
5" thick palm of wood and still plow .i gole
the size of my fist in the gut of sortie slimy
Marxist who wants to overthrow this
democratic government.

Now. there's been a lot of talk about the
Salvadorian government being "repressive"
and a lot of analogies to Hitler and
Germany during WW ll. Well. l'd just like
to sy bunk to all these rumors. i haven't
been here long but what l've seen i like. i
mean. everything here is under control.
The trains run pretty much on time. there
is little unrest amongst the people except
those goddamned revolutionaries who

 

.. went?supernatural? attributing. .

cli li't llb tlii‘a' titula'vtul' ilcl.’ r . :‘i'ii'i‘ i

 

 

 

 

  

l PERSPECTIVES -

;r.r.:’.~~nml manna. .

   

ﬁzz/page 5a

 

Richard. He stops short of asking'Dick if
he could borrow the keys to the car for a
hot date.

So Dick Wood oozes authority. but that's
about it. it's been a while since he has
gone out into the field for a story and his
copy often reads like tired retreads. That is
unlike Elliott. who does an intermittently.
credible job when given a mike. a
cameraman and thrust Into the real world.

When Dick Wood started out in the
50's. reading the news was a somber
ordeal. a strictly business. 15 minute wrap-
up. Wood is ideal for that mold. but not
for the one that requires hlin to try and be
bright and bubbly with the rest of the
Action News team. That he is not happy
about happy talk but vainly tries it anyway.
even further reduces his credibility.

But if in Dick Wood i see Dad. in Rip
Rowan there is a vision of Kermit the Frog.
With that round head and bunched
shoulders. it looks as if he just hopped off
the lily pad in time to ribbit his way
through the scores. One problem the

      

:‘crspectir'e by Laura Bostrck

  

Rowan has as it sportscaster is that he
always seems to have no idea of what he is
talking about. A typical Rowan sportst'asl
consrsls of piecing together tit-twink
highlights of games in between II
incrii'inglt-ss string of scores livun that lit’
dousn‘t do very well The Ripper and his
fiillliflil wr-ckt-nd sidekick lid O'l’riieri have
this nasty’litibit of being a little too selective
in flil' scores they give out. You'll find not
what happened in every high school
basketball grrmv iii twelve counties and
lvavu you in the dark as to what liappunt'tl'
iii inrrst iniptri‘trint collugt- action or the pro
results. yoti know. the unimportant stuff.

in tluI inlurcst of ruthlessly killing time.
Rowan does two entirely different reports
at six. ll unique innovation. not to mention
an aggravating turisu. Keep in mind.
liowuvei. that there is only one Rip
Rowan Watch him and weep.

What's Still about the waste products in
lllt' ‘vliitlitr. l‘i llllll Action News does have
rvportvis who do n tic-cent job when all
things are consult-rod. With Rtrlpli Ianotli.

rhyme or rmson if we had this type of
government in control brick home intiybu
things would br- a lot better and wr-
wotililn't liiin' all llit' depravity and drugs
and other things which spoil our git-tit
country

We been a king belit’Vt'i flint llit’
government has given too much power to
the people. And look what tliey'bvt' done
to it My God! The ACLU is screaming
whenever someone gets it lriingnail. that
retard group Amnesty International [sounds
llltt' it felt company in Albanyll: why they
will cry and carry on like god knows Wlir‘ti
to get snmt' scruffy liltlu Russian madman
fret-d from jail or a political terrorist off the
book in South America simply because he
took one step too far in talking about the
government. Well. after all. people. why
do you think these folks are arrested?
Governments don't go arountl arresting
people unless they've done something
really bad. You people writing all those
letters about human rights. Think for a
,minute about how these lawbreakers got in
trouble in the first place. Maybe they're just
getting the things they deserve.
' Well. anyway. here in San Salvador we
.have just started search and destroy
missions into the ghettos where leftists and
their sympathizers live. It becomes pretty
routine. A few of us will go around the
‘lback and happen to be there when the
‘police raid the building. ‘All of the rebels

‘i'Jtt'r '.ii'il ‘tll itL. .-.'r'-'tt ir-i.t'!.‘\ ll‘ ‘i'r.'i'ift

"It'iiiisq.

 

 

 

 

a vie‘Wer wtll‘le’ar'n more about an average
story than on the other two stations. ianottt
has been around here long enough to get
sources to talk, when they might otherwise
clam up in front of a Larry Barr or Ken

' Screvens.

Others of note include Bob Lawson and
Doug Meyers. who was recently wasted in
an overlong piece on Special Olympic
skiing that was typical of Action News
going soft to the point of almost melting
away. . ..

Action News has put on now and then
the guise'of a serious news operation.
Every Thursday is time for Fact Finders
poll. Merely a curiosity item, few if any
conclusions can be drawn from the polls.
Action News also. typically. botches up
their growing staple: live interviews. if an
hour is supposed to provide the
opportunity for depth. why then do the
interviews usually 'reiterate the previous
story? it amounts to sheer overkill rather'
than a better understanding of an event. as
was the case with the South African rugby
coverage.

Take the recent David For'ette killing by
an off~tluty policeman in Troy. Along with
a report on new developments on the case
and Foretie's funeral. there was an awful
piece by Bob Lawson on the difficulty of
getting information from the police about
the incident. lt amounted to a three minute
brow~buating of Troy authorities as if to
shame them into talking. What Lawson
was trying to stiy could have been summed
up in about five seconds “No Comments"
are liti/artls of the trade.

Stories like that give the impression that
Action News is merely buying time before
ABC's World News 'l'onigbt goes on. But if
you really want to sue a filler in gear.
watch At'tinii News provide an endless
crawl ol cross-country ski it’DOYIS. a visit
with ti pharmacist. or a tedious two
minutes with an elderly matron named
Lorna. who looks as if site is flitting into
seniltty before our eyes. She and The
Ripper should get together.

Despite itst-li. Action News has managed
to rise above its own ninth and climb to
the top of the ratings heap. Such a'
phenomenon can possibly be explained by
people being too lazy to turtt the channel
after ltf‘A-S-l'f. or a cult following that
enjoys loiv liiitlgut tv There is also the
possibility that puopli- actually like what
llit’i} st-i'

Whatever the reason. it does not
uxplainrl tht- clunks that are rumored to be
emanating from Channel lti's Northern
Boulevard studios come Action News time.
liven morin says it's the sound of
journalism hitting a new low! 3

Tuesday: More on local news.

run out the rear like rats from a sinking
ship and wlirrmrr! llitfi'L’ we are. waiting
lliL'I‘t' with .r warm welcome.

There lltlS been talk about a few
midnight inlltlS into nearby Nicaragua to
stomp on those uppiity Sandinistas who
think llit‘V'Yi‘ so hot just because they
ovr-tuinutl one military regime. We shot at
mountain outposts from Huey Cobra's
flown by liilsl airborne guys tip from the
t’iiiiril zone. It is amazing the amount of
cooperation we've received from the good
old USA forces. That Reagan sure is doing
something right.

I'd how to say that the best part of this
job. though. is knowing that in some. way
l'm helping the United States of America
repel the Russian influences in Central
lAnrerica‘. our own backyard. Now i haven't
:at'tually seen a Russian. but just the other

,dny I saw two dead bodies of military men ‘

Elliat someone said were Cubans. it's just
like those sneaky communists to try and
foot u: by sending iii their own wetvback
bench men to do their dirty work. At least
the United Statesvhires its own kind to fight
'tlietr battles. if y0u know what I mean.
Well. i have to run now. We just got
another call to go to the outskirts of town.
Some rebel outpost has just been
discovered and we have to bury it before
they get too far. Keep the shiny side up
and the dirty side down. Catch
iya‘laterfl ' 4 . .
WW" tilt”! 'ttt ti‘ttitu'i utto-rrnoe tittio
' "52990". ifi'wtllvtni it‘l abnnovg

1 V‘s—gm: .4 t

   
  
      
   
 
  

     
    
      
   

a. win; 3.- faves: .r'.» 7.

  

