 

 

 

   

   
 
 

   
  
 

  
  

101

now-

Leound  vlllon

‘3 OMU b‘lﬁm‘fbﬁ

he Lord and the record com.
I panies both work In mysterious
ways, For example. Chrysalis
releases Pat Benatar's new album. Get
Nervous. In time for the big Christmas buy-
ing season. Benatar is a proven commodi-
ty. and Chrysalis needs good sales like
anybody else. So what's so mysterious
about that? Well. Chrysalis releases this.
and then turns around and threatens to sue
any radio station that tracks through the
entire album at one item. Result—a boycott
of the record on a few radio stations.
reduced airplay on others, The record
company's actions stem. of course. from
the current boom In home taping. They felt
that ii a single station played the whole
album straight through. It would encourage
people to tape it.

Robert Schneider

Before taking the threatening, drastic
action. Chrysalis should have listened to
Get Neruous. While being a decent album,
it doesn't have anything on it really worth
taping.

Get Nervous is the fourth release from
Pat Benatar. following Precious Time.
Crimes of Passion,‘and In the Heat of the
Night. She has been extremely well receiv-
ed. especially after the second record.
Even the morons over at Grammyland.
who In the past have passed over the
Police and Elvis Costello to honor A Taste
of Honey (remember them?). gave awards
to Benatar. She was chosen for Best Rock
Vocal Performance In both 1980 and
1981. After Precious Time was released,
the band members took time off for special
projects. with Neil Geraldo producing John
Waite's first solo album. and drummer
Myron Grombacher working'with Freddie
Salem. During this time, Benatar and Neil
Geraldo married. Currently. the band is on
a long nationwide tour. with the dates In

 

he Empire State Institute for the
T Performing Arts (ESIPA) recently

presented the world premiere of
Katherine Rao's new play Calamity June. It
is difficult to do justice to a production of
this superior a calibre. From script to set
design, acting to lighting. this production
was virtualy flawless.

Megan Gray Taylor

 

Ms. Rao. inspired by a diary purportedly
written by Martha "Calamity Jane" Can-
nary to her daughter Janey, has given us
not just a colorful character of the Old West
but an anachronism. a woman of today
who lived a hundred years ago. Oi Calami-
ty, Ms, Rao said, “she created her own
myth and made her living by it, performing
In the Wild West Shows as an expert
marksman. She was not a lady. She said
that she could outcuss. outdrink and out»
shoot any man around." Ms. Rao has
subordinated much of this outward flam-
boyance to show us the underside of her
character. Calamity Jane's humanity is
also well documented. She nursed people
with smallpox when others, afraid for
themselves, had left them to die (she
ultimately contracted the disease which left
her face badly scarred).

“Calamity Jane stands for the Old
West," Ms. Rao continued, “and her
tragedy is that she outlived her time; the
Wild West paused her by." Yet In many
ways she lived too early. The jobs she held
were men’s jobs: indian Scout, stagecoach
driver, and she paid a price, The women
of her time shunned her; she gave her child
up for adoption because “Ya can't drive a
stagecoach holding a baby." Ms. Rao's
Jane has an undeniable nobility, mixed
with an ingeniousness that makes her un-

father of Janey) believable,

 

 

 

 

 

dying love for Wild Bill Hickok (the alleged .

 

New York upcoming. They were well
received at the US festival in California
several months ago.

Benatar. who weighs In at about ninety
pounds. can sometimes shake a building
with her powerful vocals, This can be trac-
ed to her early operatic training. The
Lindenhurst. Long Island native has in-
spired many imitations, but no one has
been able to duplicate her success. She has
stated that she doesn't want to sing the
stereotyped "helpless female" type of song.
By and large she hasn't. Her songs portray
her as strong and Independent. She also
hasn't shied away from important social
issues. For instance, "Hell ls For Children"
did a great deal to educate many about
child abuse. While recording works from
members of her own band. Benatar hasn‘t
avoided doing covers. In fact. four of the
numbers on Get Neruous were solicited
from independent song writers. Hundreds
of tapes were listened to before the final
four were selected. As with the whole

Ms Rao is currently In her second
residency at Yaddo. the artist‘s retreat at
Saratoga Springs. She has been an Aspen
Playwrites Festival Winner and a finalist In
the Eugene O'Neil Playwrlte Conference.
She Is currently working on a play about
the last four years of Virginia Woolf's life
which will be produced In London next fall.

The focal point of this show was the ex-
traordinary performance of Jeanne
Vigliante as Calamity Jane. With Just the
right blend of bawdy audacity and
tenderness Martha Jane Cannery was
given life. Although there are two other
characters in the play, Jane Is the main
figure and is on stage at all times. The play
calls for amazing emotional dexterity on the
part of the actress and Ms. Vigilante was In
total command. .

 
 

 

 

"record, one gets the feeling that there must

be better songs floating around.
A first listen to Get Nervous doesn‘t Im‘
pact the way it did for Crimes of Passion.

where every song was very well doneu

Some songs do, however, stand out

“Shadows of the Night", leading'off the V

record, is a grandiose, lofty composition
that sounds very familiar. It has the stan-
dard double-tracking of Benatar's voice
that makes It sound like there are two of
her singing. l've seen the video for this
song. and believe me. it has absolutely
nothing to do with the lyrics. It's got
Benatar and CO. flying Into Nazi Germany
to blow up a base. An admirable effort. but
what the hell does it have to do with the
song?

Get Nervous is almost a concept album.
Practically every song has something to do
with conflict. both Internal and external.
The title track, “Anxiety (Get Nervous)"
begins much like the awful “Eye of the
Tiger", with a manic guitar. Fortunately,
the similarity ends soon. The pace.

 

The play winds through the life of Jane,
starting with her giving Janey to Captain
Jim O'Neil and shifting between time and
place as memories are triggered or made.
There are intimate moments when Jane
writes her innermost feelings In the diary
that she hopes will someday reach her
daughter. There are the emotional. and
painful moments when‘ she meets her
daughter but cannot reveal her real Identi-
ty. There are wonderfully funny.
outrageous moments when Jane decides
to take on the “old blddys" at the
bathhhouse, or when she does her Wild
West Show routine as If we were there.

And that Is the key to the greatness of
this performance. For two plus hours
Jeanne and Jane are one. There Is often
talk of an actor’s Intensity. Usually In a per-

 

 

 

_.,_...>, g . “mﬂw-wno‘.“ ... ..

Her Nerves AreShOt

however. remains fast and frenetic. There's
much less double tracking of her voice on
this one, and It aids the song a great deal.
At times, It sounds a: if she's singing inside
a closet. Not bad. The whole song is very
well made and It doesn't falter at any point.
The band sounds together. at least on this
track. It's sad that this isn't the case all over
the album. This doesn't mean that Get Ner-
vous is a poor musical effort. In fact,
sometimes the interplay is quite excellent.
“I'll Do It" opens with a great interaction
between drummer Myron Grombacher,
Nell Geraldo, and new band member
Charlie Giordano on keyboards, An air at
tension builds throughout this composition.
only to be relieved during the choruses.
Unfortunately. Get Neruous' songs all
have a tendency to blend together . The
sole exception to this rule Is the final cut.
"Silent Partner". As with many of the other
songs, It too features double tracking. but
this time there's a nice twist thrown in. The
backing tracks are staggered, making it
sound like there are Benatar clones mlnick-
Ing her with a delay. In addition to this,

Charlie Giordano opens the song with a.

flute-like synthesizer. and closes it with

. keyboards that remind one of early Elvis

Costello. Benatar doesn't sing this one as
intensely as she does on many others. and
t's a nice change.

Get Nervous Isn't a bad album. It just
doesn't have the Immediate Ilkeabllity that
her other albums have. There aren't really
any Instant hits on this other than
"Shadows of the Night". Musically. the
band sounds cohesive, although a little
bland.VPat Benatar sounds lIke...well...Pat
Benatar. That Is. she doesn't experiment or
take any chances. With her reputation, she
shouldn't be afraid of researching new
styles and directions. Get Nervous may
grow on people. It had better, for I've
heard that Chrysalis plans to sue anyone
who doesn't like the album. Cl

Calamity Jane — Saint or Sinner

formance of this duration, thcre will he
breaks in character or concentration, there
were none.

I couldn't help thinking of the one-
woman show Julie Harris did several years
ago in which she played Emily Dickenson.
As superb as that performance was, this
one demand more and got it. In an inter-
view following the performance, Ms. Rao
said that she had made alterations in her
script in response to the cast, I can only
believe they were changes for the better.

Ms. Vigilante, visibly drained after the
performance, had her own reflections on
Calamity Jane. “She was extremely
modem for the period In which she lived.
Women didn't carry on the way she did.
She talked about the double—standard -
why can't a woman do things that a man
can? She dressed as a man wh'eh her job
called for it; she didn't masquerade as a
man ~ the boys In the saloon knew she
was a woman. She felt that ‘being different
ain't no cause to hurt another‘." This was
without question, the finest performance in
the Capital District this year.

But there was more...Carolyn Marble
Valentis, also a member of ESIPA's resiv
dent company, allowed the character of
Janey to grow with the revelation of the
truth of her birth. She rejects Jane when
she Is a child and they meet for the first
time. She, as a ‘proper young lady of
Virginia' can't quite make anything of this
woman who smells but does ride horses
awfully well. She grows into a discontent
woman, searching for some truth in her
own existence or the legend that was her
mother. Again the script has been honed ill
every line Is necessary and therefore
powerful,

An Interesting tacit of the play ls Ms.
Rao's use of one actor to play all the man
in Jane's life. The roles were played by
continued on page 12¢:

.

 

     
   

 

    

 

 

,—   : ;; 2. g

The members of SIGNUM
LA (JD/g. S—UN YA ’s honorary
society, extend their
CONGRA TULA TIONS to:

t .‘ Junie Alp-in

Barbara J. Ant“

Nichol" Aprlulllno

Peter Blthll

I. David B. Ballawlil
’ .i. Randi Bernstein

fj.‘ ' Randi K. lineman
.' _ Jonph M. Ctr-rink
, ‘ Aim S. Cohen

 

JIM Llucrynlhl
Sully Llubman
Nancy 0. Light
Purl Luiuk
Patrlcla Lyons
Jun Ann Mllnnly
Fltricil Martu
terry McGnum

 

'e; as»

FLORIDA“ ONLY $238.

Storm II. Medic-
l. Linda Leigh Cohen Aim My":
\ William Richard Cohln Michael Nun/lav
l Timothy G.COVlffl Jill M. om LE

George P. Cruul Diana R. Fllnlnlln

K ' grlsnlunnuflm:nt Jsllury sprun- e
 ﬂing-72, 3:3,mg round trip bus to Daytona Beach
(, agg-Fggzm 53mm,» seven nights accommodations

 

 

' Laura Fuel-rm Slur-n Sand-u “
ll iii: 57:13:" iiilfii'illi‘i..." P I” 3 m a ".V a i‘ 9 a dis 0 0 U" t 3

Cam”. aallacciri
(El Muir Goldenbom
ll Robert P. mam
. Robert "anion, Jr.
‘(( Willi-m Moduli

Rana F. Sliver
Eddie Sillltl

Llu iobacl
Jauphlm Tarnstim
Mutu- Wnnrmnn
Victoria Wuurmnn

.w ‘

sponsored by your Alumni Association

.\\ Mindy a. Horowitz

 

 

 
  
  

     
   

(‘1’ szralrzzlond'm mini Wuiu is, ,
,, inﬁnite“ &"i:;;lzgzj::'ti it; call the Alumni House 451 - 4831 

II" ' ON I C II ("Ch-I {a 
llj for ranking in the (Op 8per cent of the senior    ,0".   4 as ' 8258 i

dais.

 

A ,—\/\.

 

 

N M/\-.’\.

AAA.

Those who haven’t yet received your certificate,
please go to Physics 214 to pick it up.

—\

 

 

\A~.:§N\/~
,,—

vrrrrrrrrr FUERZA LATINA *********
AND

UNIVERSITY OONOERT BOARD
PROUDLY PRESENT

BOBBY BOBBIQUIEZ Y LA COMI’ANIA

. DATE: FRIDAY DEC. 3, 1982
$ TIME: 9PM-2:30AM
Q‘s. Q. PLACE: C.C. BALLROOM
93, “9“ TICKETS: IN ADVANCE
. v ““ \ $6.00 WITH TAx $7.00 WITHOUT.
._ avg $10.00 PER COUPLE

 

 

 

       
       

   
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
     
  
    

     
     
 

  
  
        
  
  

   
  
     
  

  
     
 
 

   
  
      
  

       
    

   
    
   

AT THE DOOR
$8.00 or $10.00 PER COUPLE

SEMI F ORMAL ATTIRE
DOOR PRIZES FROMo « a FREE BEER: 9PM-10PM

CASH BAR: 10PM-1AM
WESTGATE

WINE & LIQUORS TICKETS ON SALE IN THE
911 CENTRAL AVE. CAMPUS CENTER, LOBBY
DEC. 1.2.3 1982

_ SA FUNDED

        
       
      
   
 

    
        
   
  
   

 

    
    
  
 

   
  
   

' ' MADISON LIQUOR & WINE CO. lNC *
1078 MADISON AVE.

      
    
 

     
   
 
 

COMMAND PERFORMANCE *

NORTHWAY MALL ¥ FAIRWAY LIQUOR STORE

77 WOLF ROAD

     
   

     
 

     
 
 
  

.i.

   

 

    

 

 

 

