 

now~

we) , -

Me

You come here Alone

You leave here Alone
H.K.D.

obody. I suspect. is too much dif-
’ ferent from the society that pro-

duces him. The evils that
characterize the dominant cultures. In-
terested In justifying and perpetuating the
unequal organimtlon of the world. are
reﬂected also among ourselves. We in-
tellectuals who claim to be or want to be
revolutionaries. or who at least refuse to
serve as accomplices to this unequal or
criminal organization. are not “vaccinated”
against the ideology of oppression. Our

“ one QﬁOMVQ)

system that made us and that we want to
help unmake.

Hubert-Kenneth Dickey

Often we call popular culture "forklore"
In order to nullify It or reduce It to the
merely picturesque. as we tend to call our
popular art "handicraft" to deny It the
possibility of breaking out oi the category of
mechanically repeated forms. Condescen-
ding smiles await the "craftsman" who
dares think of himself as an artist. and the
furiously enraged husbands unsheath their
swords whever some guy in the street tries
to kiss Madame Poetry.

Any attempt to violate the private pro-
perty of the Word and break the franchise
of artistic creation Is considered
dernagoguery and populism. as If a social
order which.condemns almost everyone to
silence were "natural." It happens that the
publications of the left also generally ignore
the existence of this "other" culture that
nevertheless is manifested unceaslneg In
people's daily lives and in their inexhausti-
ble capacity for astonishment. rebellion.
and cunning We write on the people and
even in the name of the people. but we
rarely share with the people the media of
expression we have managed to conquer.
We act In general as if the people were ‘
mute. although we do everything possible
to assure that they are not deal. In social
order wherein lands. factories. houses. and
individuals all have owners. cultures also
has an owner; but they are mistaken who
believe that revolutionary culture is Irtnlted
to the work of revolutionary intellectuals
and that popular culture is only the debris-
ed echo oi the master's voice

America has suffered a kind of supercen—
tralist organization oi the state. its nucleus
being those Immense ports and Babylonian
cities. Out oi these centers operate the
dominant cultures. elitist and racist, to

 

Rob Edelstein

health consists In knowing that we are '
sick—and not much less sick than the

 

 

whom national reality means the great out-
back and the threat oi barbarlsm: their
work of repression and camouflage serves
the imperialist ends of cultural castration.

One can ban water. but not thirst. Since
the colonial adventure of the Americas
converted the Indians and the blacks Into
slaves of European development, their
cultures have survived the greatest carri-
paigns of extermination. these cultures
have disguised themselves, gone
urtdergrourrd. and have been subject to a
thousand outside influences. but they have
kept alive their identity and their message.
Today they continue to offer to all America
fundamental keys of recollection and pro-
phecy, They give witness to the past and at
the same time light beacons illuminating
the road ahead. If today these cultures held
only arclreologrcal interest. they would not
continue to be the objects of bloody repres-
sion. nor would enemy power be so In
terested In manipulating them to cut them
off from class warfare and the popular
revolutionary movements.

Teri’s Eyes

ately. I've been telling people that in nry opinion. the only sight more
L beautiful than the Empire State Building at 'night is my girlfriend's eyes.

Reactions to this statement range from the romantically tinted "awwww"
to the Little Rascals—like retort “aw g'wan." What the people miss though is the
sincerity of my statement. I‘m not just describing a feeling. I‘m revealing a secret.
sacred part of myself. Here. before their very minds. I'm laying out the two places
on earth I'd like to be the most. Luckily. they're both a drive away.

 

when I’m happiest.

‘one.

 

I

If I am to preach anything in this lifetime of mine. it Is love. And for this
building. I feel love. Kong stood upon and leaped from Its majestic apex for the
cause of love. Apathetic New Yorkers pass Itnby each day and ignore it as brick
and stone. I wonder about the sweet and electricity that went Into Its concepttor
and I revel in Its perseverance. Millions of human beings have kissed on its obser-
vation deck, and from that deck you can look down upon all of the city and feel
the music. It's not just a building. It’s New York.

To me. the Empire State Building at night Is most beautiful when I'm watching
Its reflection In my girlfriend's eyes from a spot one block west of Union Square,
From there. the tower lights shine through the New York City mist and waltz In
her arises. And when she smiles widely, I can see myself In those eyes too. That's

Well. this Is what works for me. For the rest of the world, lean only suggest an
evening of Broadway magic. Jumping jazz. sidewalk poetry. and a buggy through
the park. And some hobnobbing. And a sip or two of some robust rum coffee.
And the Empire State Building at night as seen through the eyes of one's Iovgl

    

 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  

In a World that reduces relations between
indlvlc uals to relations between things. we
all have a lot to learn from the vitality and
the love of liberty of the African cultures.
which do not divorce thought from emo-
tion. and from the essential joy of religions
that exalt the human body instead of cen-
surlng It. In a system murderous to the
earth and to the people, a system that
polsotrs the air, contaminates the water,
and devastates the land, the indigenous
cultures of America tell us that the earth ls
sacred because we. its children. are sacred.
Against the capitalist law of the jungle.
which holds greed as the supreme virtue.
rises the example of the solidarity of Indian
communities.

National culture is defined by its content.
not by the origin of its clerrrents. Alive. it
changes incessantly, it challenges itself. it
contradicts itself, and it receives external In-
fluences that at times increase it. and that
want to operate simultaneously as a threat
and a stimulus. It would be a delusion and
an act of reactionary stupidity to propose
the rejection of European cultural contribu-

' and Into the universal heritage. arbitrarily

i Campora.

 

_ .. I ere-1:9 -'--. "

'ttons already Incorporated Into our heritage

reducing those vast and complex cultures
.to the machinery of imperialist allenalion
implicit In them. Anti-Imperialism also is
prey to Infantile disorders.

The lack of what Is denied to us need not
imply the refusal of what nurtures us.
i America need not renounce the creative
' fruits of cultures which have flowered in
E great measure thanks to a material Splt’ii-
' dor not unconnected to the pltless explottrr‘
' tion of our people and our lands.

L The national culture. shared identity.
' collective memory, comes from history and
' returns to history unceaslngly. transflgun-d
lby the challenges and requirements of

reality. Our Identity lies in history. not III
. biology. and it Is made by cultures not by
' races: but It lies In litre history, The present
does not repeat the past; It Contains II
From what footsteps do we draw our tlitt't v
tion? The dominant cultures distort hist )IV
and lock it up In museums: our dominant
classes, threatened. want an Immutath
world.

In Cuba and Nicaragua history has fled
the museums and taken shape In the lit'ltls
and the streets. Revolutions Involve Ilit'
recovery of the national merrrory, whu It Is
a key to Identity. In that sense. In dIfltrli'nt
forms and degrees. similar movements had
been unleashed In Mexico and liolivm.
beginning in 1910 and i952 respectiwlv.
and in Chile and Argentina during the
fleeting administrations of Allutitll' and

In general. we are unaware of oursulm
are also unaware of our lttsthty.
Neocolonial rule purges the sliivr- oi hr.
history and makes him see himself throwth

us like the display of a mummy: ilrilt'ﬁ .th
facts detached from time, lil\‘\|ir .tl It:
divorced from the reality that am loom. til‘il
love and endure; and we get a WW It i t
the past distorted, so that we min t :.
unaware of what we cart be.

the eyes of his master. History Is shown to .v

 

Europe Is the universe. We learn Imiv it
nothing of the pre-Colurnbian pout
America, not to say Africa. WlIli lt run In ..
only through old Tarzan movies Ila .
histories of all of our cultures are shown it
its as marginal notes on the pages of filth
the native insurrections and the tt'wrll'v
black slaves are mentioned in rim-m:

episodes of bad
economic and social processes do not - "m

divine Inspiration solilarily. In the Lllll‘l wt‘

the rolls of extras.

 

when they are mentioned at all r:
conduct: the or. :z‘

exist as backdrops. and the heroes. ttIL'it at ‘
bronze always in fancy clothes, .ttt ‘.|.ill t

good and evil. the rrrasses passively play ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

 

 

Fulfillment
The lady told

me to go to
hell and after
I spent the
entire day wand.
ering why, I was
already there.

 

 

Bob Q'B. 

 

We have met the enemy and he Is us
Pogo

didn't have to since i was In the

service at the time. It didn't make
much sense. Unwllling conscripts make
lousy soldiers and create more problems
than solutions. Draft registration was an
unqualified mistake and I'm dying to read
Jimmy's new book and hear him explain It.
But far more important than registration
itself was the debate it Ignited or rekindled
in statehouses and campuses like this one.
For one thing it became clear that the lines
drawn in the sixties or eVen forty years
before that had not really changed. Nor
had many of the arguments pro or con.
Unfortunately the world has changed a
great deal and not much for the better.

Alex Condon

Having grown up in the sixties and
seventies the cultural Idiom I was most
familiar with was that of protest and distrust
)i authority. Fuck the pigs and don't trust
anyone over thirty. Richard Nixon was a
pig. he was also over thirty. Pigs had short
hair. cried when they played the national
anthem and sometimes wore riot gear.
Two fingers in the air meant peace not vic-
tory. I Identified with being part of the
youth movement. We were a new genera-
tion. We had our priests and prophets. our
Learys and our Mark Rudds. I never
thought our leaders would mislead us but
maybe I was being too discriminating as to
which authority needed questioning. To
many the Woodstock nation was an airtight
allbI.

But like Arlo Guthrie. I come to talk
ibout the Draft. Here are some of the
arguments you've probably heard before:
1. I don’t want to become part of the War
Machine.

I didn't register for the draft. I

 

 

Toni Basil’

ecause I didn't collapse Into

B paroxyms of joy when she told
me she could get her hands on a

pair of Who tickets. a friend of mine called
me "uncool"—a debatable charge. but one
I was willing to forgive until she further
ridiculed my musical taste by flapping her
arms around and chanting. "Oh. Mickey.
you‘re so fine, you're so fine you blow
my—" That's when I stormed out of the
room. flinging over my shoulder the threat
of never talking to her again until she

apologized.
Andrew Carroll

 



“but leave by friend Toni Basil out of this."

Basil. of course. is the dancer/singer
whose album Word of Mouth. summarily
dismissed by Damian VenDenburgh In
these pages a few weeks back, contains the
year's most exciting and at the same time
most irritating song. "Oh Mickey." As he
should have, VanDenburgh trashed the
album. but In doing so threw the Basil out
with the bathwater. Unknowingly. I've
been keeping tabs on Basil's career for
about six years now, and believe her ac-
complishments as a choreographer and
video artist outweigh any galls she may
have committed In the recording studio.
Besides. until I heard It for the fiftieth time.
I loved “Oh. Mickey."

Without even realizing it, you too pro-
bably know something about Basil. who In
the early '70's gathered together a group of
young black dancers and called them the
"Lockers." Remember "What's
Happenin'." the late seventies sitcom with
Dee. Raj and Rerun? Rerun was a Locker.
and on the show often went into the wrist
rolls. arm lllngs. backside landings and
hurdler's splits that were the Lockers‘

i.trademarks. Basil; didn’t invent the

......

WWI’A'A’NWI‘A '41.: H I

An

 

IIAALAAA

. . s
"‘un‘rrulwu

Who does? Blaming the military for war is
like blaming the sanitation department for
garbage. A nineteen year old lance cor-
poral ls responsible for up to a million
dollars worth of equipment as well as the
lives of the other members of his crew or
fire team. A college sophomore might
worry about his stereo. his report card or
getting Stray Cats tix. in between late night
bong hits he might muse on his higher
nature and decide he does not believe In
the War Machine and will not register for
the draft. Maybe lance corporal Doe was

Hearing A Different Drum

The Lieutenant Calleys In this world only
» pull the trigger. The massacre starts much
closer to home when people spend money
i on walkmans while others starve.
i Shooting. bombing and napalming are
l humanitarian compared to neglect. A great
number of people in this world live In such
abject misery that death from above would
be a relief. Why? Because others are either
blind. lazy or couldn't care less. When peo-
. ple say they cannot kill another human be-
I Ing they mean they're too lazy or too
.squeamish to pick up a riﬂe and do It with

 

stupid enough to believe he was serving his
country and not the War Machine. He'll
'pay for it the rest of his life in a trailer park
.outslde of Camp Leieune with a divorce
‘and alcoholism rate three times the na-
tional average or worse he’ll get his guts
‘blown out In some jungle shithole five
thousand miles away because noone else
Would go. Meanwhile his counterpart takes
his conscience back to the suburbs with
him. to a good home a good job and all
those good things that were never available
to his less moral friend.

2. I cannot kill another human being.

dancestyle. but learned It from one Donald
Campbellock, whom she met during the
ten year period she spent in the Watts area
of Los Angeles studying and videotaping
the dancing black kids were doing. Basil
saw theatrical possibilities in "looking" (as
an actress she has appeared In Easy Rider.
Five Easy Pieces and Greaser's Palace) and
formed a troupe whose members would
each represent a different facet of street
dance: there was Flukey Like. Slim the
Robot. Penguin and Shabadoo. Dressed In
outfits Elton John might have turned down
for being too loud. they went on to perform
on the Carol Burnett show. Saturday Night
Live and specials with Roberta Flack and
Doris Day.

The members of the lockers went their
own way toy ards the end of the decade.
one critic having said "the move from street
to stage diluted the form." Besides. locking
was an Individual's art. and the dancers
were said to have balked at Basil's attempts
to turn the group Into an "ensemble."

The break-up was just fine with Basil. as
it turned out. for at about the same time
she began to branch out. choreographlng
Bette MIdIer on stage and film. David
Bowie during the Diamond Dogs tour. and

the Talking Heads on video. Video seemed .

to be her calling. and her projects eventual-
Iy led her to Word of Mouth, which she
describes as a "video album."

Which brings us back to “Oh, Mickey."
and one of the reasons I like It so much.
The "Mickey" video seen on MTV In only
part of a phenomenally successful special
Basil did on British TV. Typically of Basil. It
captures and embellishes another native
American dance style — cheerleading —
with comic and exlrilaratlng effect. While
sweatered girls behind her do jazzed up
versions of standard cheerleading routines.
Basil performs her own crazed Interpreta-

tion of a prom queen gone batty. You can, '

AA

 

LW - t ‘ ' ﬂ 1'
um I I I OFHVSJ' .IIIIMWV."M)\VA.VA"

 

any empathy for their victims.

3. I want to send a message.

To who? The Pentagon is already against
the draft for different reasons. The oil com-
panies don‘t care what you think or who
.you vote for as long as you buy gas. The
politicians. Do they really matter? Not
registering may be a commitment to M irld
peace but so is a dollar donation to a
sidewalk santa.

A large number of people believe that
some enigmatic elite of white haired
generals and businessmen Is responsible for

turn the sound off It you feel you have to.
although I doubt the video would work to
"Eye of the Tiger" or. forgive me, “I've
Known No War"

But even without the video, or knowing
anything about Toni Basil, what's wrong
with liking "Oh Mickey"? Not since “My
Shirona" have I heard so many people
complaining about an FM hit. or apologiz-
ing If someome catches them with their foot
tapping. I don't apologize for liking
"Mickey." Yes. I‘ll admit It's as disposable
as yesterdays Pop Rocks. but who says
you should expect anything more from
rock? Critics do. I suppose. but they have
to justify 40 inches In Rolling Stone or the
Village Voice describing the Clash's politics
when you know and I know that "Rock the
Casbah" is a great song because it has a
good beat and you can dance to It. Toni
Basil will probably never make another hit,

 

Critics have to justify 40 inches
in Rolling Stone and the Voice
describing the Clash’s politics

' and “Oh. Mickey" may not last another

 

l

our troubles. War. Racism. Inequality are
all part of their scheme for world destruc-
tion. Such people would rather believe this
than believe there was no omniscient com
scious force at work In world events. A
reality manipulated by evil Is preferable to
one chaotic. arbitrary and disturbingly
amoral. We need to blame somebody,
‘They' are a convenient target. But this Is

'just superstition. While we Indulge In

superstition and the semantics of ‘Us' and
‘Them' the clock keeps on ticking.

Ultimately everyone is blameless. but
guilty or not we're all responsible. When
spaceship earth goes hurtling out of its orbit
all of us will die not just the war criminals.
Our convictions might well be a large part
of the problem. It wasn't too long ago peo-
ple believed the earth was flat now we have
breeder reactors. Our reality has evolved
mueh faster than our little minds. Dealing
with the problems of the atomic age might
be more than the conventional wisdom is
capable of. Our notions of justice. morality
and society may be inadequate for our pre-
sent dilemma. In fact the whole sum of
Ideas and values that we've held sacred as
essential to our civilization may be on the
threshold of obsolescence.

Chanting some played out hippie
slogans from the sixties Is not going to put
us on the road to peace and prosperity.
Those slogans were useless when Jerry
Rubin was singing them and there as
useless now as he is. We need some radical
new suggestions to the nuclear threat not a
regression Into counter-culture senility.
How can we stop war when we can't even
stop people from stealing notebooks to In-
flate the curve?

I apologize for any misconceptions or
distortions I might have nurtured with my
little polemic. Remember. nothing is so
blind. bigoted or irrational as self-righteous
moral Indtgnatlun. There Is a lot of It
around. CI

   
  

 

t

week. but who remembers the Teddy
Bears. Curtis Lee. or Gene Pitney't‘ They
were all footnotes In rock history——but what
footnotesl

I like “Oh Mickey" for the satnelreasons
that I dislike much of what the Who do on
It's Hard. Where Basil has made a quickly
digestible and easily eliminated rock chant.
Townshend and company felt the pressure
of a "Farewell" tour and seemed bent on
creating "classics." replete with ponderous
melodies. heartfelt vocals and deep lyrics.
But I can only take so many extended syn-
thesizer breaks and crashing cymbals

'before I reach for Toni Basil. or the Knack.
ior even the Monkees.

It that makes me uncool. so be it. as that
great musical theoretlcian Mark
Mothersbaugh once said. "We're through
lbeing cool." [I

 

 

‘0 0H5 G‘OH‘O) 

Maoi-

.,,. w,»

..t.

 

 

