u... ruaagmaoieimm

L. '-n

-.~.

, s... «in .

 

' m-‘s‘ o.-

{5-4

 

 

if

 

...,~.

‘4. I
.',t’r

 

ti-Eﬁﬁnumﬁﬂﬂmﬂuul

Batmen

By MARC HASPEL

 

it was a classic tip and down week
for the Albany State varsity
baseball learn. After taking a pair
r'rom Bingltampton in a twinbill
Tuesday afternoon. tlte Danes
traveled to Cortland where tltcy lost
it doubleheader Wednesday.

Rort Massaroni took tlte mound
l'oi Albany iii tlte first gatitc against
Cortland. last season‘s lone
SUNYAC representative in tire
NCAA tournament. Massaroni.
who had just eottte off a superb
outing against Division ll LcMoyne
on Saturday. pitched well again and
did itot give tip an earned run.

Brit once again ltc did not receive
tlte sirpport of his teammates as
slitiky fielding aitd a lack of iirttely
hitting lifted the Red Dragons to a
7-3 victory. “We weren't getting the
key liits when nc ticeded them."
said Albariy State licnd baseball
coach Mark Collins. Ttte Danes left
sctcn men on base in tire first game.
"The fielding was shaky and we
litirt ourselves defensively" he add-
ed.

The second half the
doubleheader was more of tire satin:
as Albany lost 9-5. leating a total of

o I.

 

Sweep Binghamton;

l2 tncit on base. Again tlte fielding -
was weak and there was “no clutch
ltitting at any point." according to
Collins. I

"We put errors around walks and
it came back to haunt us." said the
coaclt. The Danes did receive en-

 

  

couraging pitching from Bernie
Sullivan. who made his first ap-
pearance of the season when he
relieved Jimmy Vaughan in the se-
cond inning.

“Hc'r‘hung in there and kept battl-
ing away.” Collins said.

The Danes played doubleheaders on two consecutive days<anil had mixed results. Against ninghnmton,

 

 

APRIL 23, 1982

Fortunately for the Danes. tltis
week of SUNYAC competition
began on a rnuclt brighter note.
Albany trounced Bingltaniton by
scores of ll-5 and 7-4 to sweep botli
ends of their doubleheader on Tues-
day.

  
   

they won two and at Cortland. they lost two. Their record is now 4-3.(Photo: Amy Cohen)

Special Olymnitzs

   

   

page ‘13

 

 

Lose to Certland

Mike Gartman. a native of
Bingharnton. pleased his hometown
crowd as ltc went the distance for
Albany giving tip five runs on ten
hits. The Danes jiibped-—on ilte
board early with three runs irt tlte
top of the first. btit the colonials
came back with three of their owrt
to tie the score in their first at bar.
The Danes ‘orcd two ntote runs in
the second inning. then exploded
for six runs in the dotir'ih. a tliree-
run blast by Toni Verde capped off
that big inning for Albttay.

"He hit it a county mile.“ said
Collins. who noted that the
Bingharnton field does not have a
closed outfield fence. “llc r -a|ly
crushed the ball."

Ralph Volk ttirtted iii artotltcr
coritplete game performance iii the
secortd game as he was on the long
end of an albany 7--l victory.

Hugh Davis‘ two-run single iii the
top oftlie sixth pitt Albany ahead to
stay in that ball game. With bases
loaded aitd two outs. Davis drilled
the first pitch to give Albany the

   

lead.

“it was a big blow ltrr us. stud
Collins of Davis' clutch single.
Davis had been struggling of late.

>cmilittucd on page 15

Rat Patrol, Solidarity — Intramural Champs

By MARK GESNER

Make no mistake. the intensity of

Albany State's intramural hockey
competition is equivalent to that of
the Datie intercollegiate program.
The men clad iit sweat pants and tee
shirts may not possess estraor
dinary skills. btrt they ittost certain-
ly have that desire to win.
“This might be intranturals birt we
play like it was intercollegiate." ent-
pltasized Rat Patrol captain Daiticl
Wallach.

On this past Wednesday night it
was Rat patrol and the Awesontes
batting it out for the Division 11
hockey intramural championship ti-
tle. The two squads that “both
deserved to be in the finals.” accor-

ding to Wallneh. participated iii a'

“Subpar”

By MADELINE PASCUCCI

 

The men’s tennis team defeated
Union College 5-4 in a match which
Coach Bob Lewis felt his team “did
not play as well as they could
have." Lewis blamed the subpar

  
  
 
 

  

. M
mints febnf'diibed its1 Mo

dramatic display of physical floor
hoekey..Rat Patrol. who controlled
the game in the early goings. was
able to hold on for the 5—4 victory.

Steve Costello. Neil Morgattstcin
arid Patil (irittta gave Rat Patrol the
early 3-0 lead. forcing the
Awesomcs to play catch tip for the
remainder of the game. In addition
to the three goals. "early penalties
took sortie ntoriicnturn away from
us." explained Awesornc‘s captain
Scott Continer.

Commcr‘s sccoitd period goal
finally piii his team on the
scoreboard. However. at Dave
Dcnint score less than one iitiiuitc
later put Rat Patrol's lead back to
three. Awesome plitycis Rich Cor-
ditto and Ken 'l‘rorta failed to give

up, as the duo consecutively scored
to make it a 4-3 contest.

As a result of at Steve (Greek)
Apostolakos insurance goal for Rail
Pairol. the chsomes had much to
do itt a small amount of tirtre. Marc
Haspcl's assist to a Riclt Apgano

score came too late for the
Awesome effort — Rat ’atrol
emerged victorious by the slim 5-3
margin.

“I thought we played thorn

tough." said Commer. who also
credited the referees as a deciding
factor in the game. The captain still
maintained that “we (Awesomes)
were the best hustling team in the
league by far." ‘

ln Wallach‘s opinion it was Paul
O‘Neil's diving face blocing plunge

N etmen Defeat Union

play on over-confidence.

Barry Levirtc. the first singlcs'
player won his first match of the
season against Dwight Moore, 1-6,
6-4. 6-3. Lewis commented that
Levine made “a nice come back"
from his loss in the first set.

ril‘)’: i
H. t

I
)

   

 m}; 'tiftdtKllHIﬂxﬁr

Lewis called second singles'
player Dave Ulrieh's 6-I. 6-0 victory
“very intpressivo.” “Dave has been
struggling and l'm glad to see him
do so well." added Lewis.

The Danes third sccd. Fred
Gaber. topped Union’s Rich Molot
6-3, 6-4. Gtibcr‘s season record
stands at 4-0. making him the only
undefeated Albany nettcr.

Dave Lerner fell 6-4. 6-3 in the
fourth singlcs’ match. Russ Kasow.
Albany's rtunibcr six player also
lost. 3-6. 6-2.16-2, but Albany's
fifth singles. Rob Karen. beat Steve
Eskanazi 6-4. 4-6, 6-3.

Both second and third doublcs'
teams lost; Ulrich and Lerner were

of Union 6-4. 1-6. 7-6. while in the
third doubles. team of Karen and
Kasow lost to Eskanazi and Collin

team of Levine and Gaber,

'I
-thawsrenewals?s . .
g It; ii. '4 “chip '_.U'
i The teams‘ record is now 3- .‘ '

     

defeated by Molot and Dan Stewart I

Green. 6-2, 6-3. The ﬁrst doubles“

Mam

iii the third period that saved the
garitc for Rat Patrol. Grirna.
League ll's leading scorer. who had
it goal iirtd three assists. also was a
major force in Rat ’atrol's victory.

Solidarity. the League l chain-
pionship team. experienced a con-
siderttbly easier time winning their
final game last Sunday evening.
Barry Darnpli (Division l leading
scorer). Rich Westcrbcrg, Doron
Keren. Carl Wolfson. and Andy
Weinstock each piit in a goal for
their team's 5-0 triumph over
Riders on the Storm.

“They (the Riders) had very little
left — they did a great job just to
get to tltc finals." explained
solidarity's Weinstock. Captain
Eric Cutiter's Riders on the Storm

AlAW committees. ls intensively
' women's sports and serves with

,r iii

“'4

 

‘T‘oach Rhenish is ElectedN
Head of N. Y.S. Committee,

Lee Rhenish. associate professor of Physical Education and coach
of women's softball at State University of New York at Albany, has
been elected president of the 82-mcmber New York State Association
for intercollegiate Athletics for Women. Site will'assume her duties
June 1. according to Chairperson Carol Alberts.

Rhenish will preside over a branch of a national group which will
cease to exist as a national urtit in the coming year. Although court
cases and an intense debate between the AlAW and the NCAA over
jurisdiction in women‘s collegiate athletics have left the AiAW in a
weakened financial position. Rhenish is prepared to lead a strong state
urtit. According to Rhenish. “lt‘
particular needs of more titan 80 member schools who rtced coordina-
tion and organization for contpetition above the local level. Each of
our rnenibcrs‘. programs is geared to a particular tteed. and the
NYSAIAW is going to continue to serve that need." ,

A well-known Albany-area field hockey official. Rhenish has been a
member of the Albany faculty since I965. At Albany. site has coacltcd
women's basketball. field hockey. and junior varsity tennis. She is a
member of the University's Affirmative Action Commission and
Council of Women's Groups. She serves on several NYSAIAW and

dorsement Committee of the National Association for Girls and
Women in Sports. Her design for a chest protector for women athletes
is being manufactured by‘the Premier MacCtregor Company. She was

W . .
Lolymplc birdies in February of. 1981. i

had coriqtiercd a rottglt Werewolvc
squad to r arch the final game.

in actuality. Weinstock described
the League l finals as
“anticlintatic” for his team.
solidarity had narrowly defeated
the Shrooms 4-3 iit air .exciting
down-to-thc-wirc semi-final con-
test.

“The semi-final was the closest
grime We played iii four years."
noted Solidarity member Art
Pressman. Pressnnin's contntcnt
takes on special meaning as he has
played iii the ltockcy intramural
finals in ‘aeh of his four years at
Albany State. in conclusion the
senior felt that “it‘s the toughest
(AMlA championship) tee shirt to
win out of all the intramural
sports.“

5 important that we try to meet the

involved in safety improvements for
the Product Development and En-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Bnits!“Settintrsld'titvtztbstmw downtown

  
   
 

 

Grievances Are Filed

 

By SUSAN MILLIGAN

 

Charges of a conﬂict of interest against President Vin-
cctit O‘Lcary surround a controversy over the non-renewal
of the contract of Chinese Stridics professor Yu-shih Chen.

Sources close to the sitiiatiort allege that the decision to
dismiss the popular professor was affected by a personal
relationship between O'Lcary and Li-hua Yu. another pro-
fessor in tltc Chinese Studies department.

Cliert has filed grievances with both the Council On
Academic Freedom and Ethics corttntittcc (CAli‘li) of the
University Senate and the United University Professions
(UUP).

(‘hen. who arrived at SUNYA as the Director of the
(‘hincsc Studies departntent itt 1978. said she converted the
program to art undergraduate major arid initiated the
rizitiortally-respected China-LLS. exchange program. all

with “the most enthusiastic support of the dealt (John
Shuntaker of the College of l-luniunitics And l‘ine A'rts)."

Dutirtg the period |97‘)-l‘)ilO. Cltcit said. she decided that
to develop the program further. it was necessary to open
the deptirtiticnt‘s part-time litre. then occitpicd by Professor
Yu. to competition. Yti did not reapply for the position and
it was filled.

Diirirtg that same year. Chen said. she applied for early
tcrtiire and.promotion with full support of faculty person—
itel and Shuniakcr. (.‘oitl'idential correspondence front the
dean to O'Lcary at that time incltrdcs a five-page memoran-
dttttt referring to Cltert as an "acndcmic leader" and noting
that site “. . . cridoived ottr small program itt Chinese
Studies with impressive cticrgy and vitality. in her two years
at SUNYA she has become a valuable it ~adcmic coll 'agttc
and citizen."

However, a May 1980 letter front the President iitforritcd
Cltcit that a final University ’contmittec denied lter request
for continuing appointment. and suggested that subsequent
publishing work ntigltt reverse the deeisiott.

Chen applied for a National Endowment for the
Humanities (NEH) grant and received the only one award-
ed for Chinese literature. in September of I980. she took a
leave of abscnsc to fulfill piiblislting rcquirentcnts. Chen
returned the following semester, fully expecting ltcr con-
tract renewal for the following year to be approved.

But art April 1981 letter front Shuntakcr stated, without
explanation. that her appointment was to be terminated as
of August 1982.

Students in the Chinese Studies department are outraged
at the decision and suspicious of the rapid change in the
support of the dean.

Kay Jones. who ltas been a student in the department for
four years. said she rettiritcd from a trip to France to find
that Clten was gone.

Riders Will Have to Show SUN YA ID

 

ALBA Y
STUDgNT
PRESS

[liltlltli will \Itrtlliltrl'l"

SUNYA President Vincent 0'l.eary

“there war the pos'rihi/il‘v of conflict iii/Fiﬁ 

 

 

 

"We (Jones and it rirrtttber of other students) ncic stir-
prised and concernch \Mcatriedto meet with O‘Lcary. and
couldn't. We 'rtrricd letters in support of Dr. Chen to
(SUNY Chancellor Clifton) Wharton, artd met with the
Vice Chancellor (.lcromc Komisar). btit he said he couldn‘t
do anything."

Jones aitd other (‘lrcn supporters, noting that Yii had
rcturrted (after hcr dismissal by Chen) “became concerned
about tltc stability of the department." according to Jones.

The students said that Yu. while an riccorriplishcd
novelist. docs ttot have the teaching ability and academic
background of Chen. who received her doctorate irt
(‘ltinesc front Yale University.

Yu has published fourteen novels arid received it master ‘s
degree iit journalism front U.(‘.l..A. Additional informa-
tion concerning her teaching experience and scholarly
achievement. requested of the personnel office through the
Freedom of information Law. was dcrticd.

Many of the students. including .loncs. charge that
O’Lcary’s and Yu‘s relationship directly or indirectly iri-
fluenced the dean irt his decision-making.

“Absolutely not," Sliumnkcr said. “The President has
at no time inﬂuenced me on a persortncl appointment."

Sliiiiitakcr adritittcd that his reversal of support “docs
scent to represent a change in perspective . . . btit that's all
right. llookcd at all the evidence availitblc. which led me to

’TUesday'
April 27, 1982

copyright © 1982 the ALIMM' S'ritimsr Pnrzss CORPORATION

 

 

rr ‘ll‘IlbliJI

   

Volume LXIX Number 20

  
  

belietc that the contract not be renewed."

The dean reliiscil to discuss the "nen ctidenec“ that
changed his mind.

O'I.eaiy said of his relationship \\|li| Yri that “we
bccartic friends irt ('hiiia . . . and in the past year. we have
seen each other socially on it tiriitibcr of occttssiirns.” But he
maintained that. “l Iiiiic not influenced or interfered itt
(Chen's) cttsc."

()‘l.cary said he requested Ict icn oi the cast- birth nlthin
and oiltsidc of the unitersity. because "there was the
possibility oi a cotillict of interest irt this case. at least lit ap-
pearance if not iit fact." llic President said the results
satisfied hint that the decision nus made t'atil}.

Yu. who describes her relationship nitli (t‘lcaiy its
“good friends." claimed ('licn nits (lillicrilt to work with.
“She had trouble with rric. (acting chiiii ( litirles) l laitniair.
cwryborly.“ Yri said. “((‘hen) tccontincndcd to the dean
iiiill I not be teaching Iicrc . . . I don't know nhiit rciisorts
site had.“ -

()‘l may also indicated that personality cunllicts may
hate conic into play. remarking that the decision was “bas-
cd largely on apparent history iil intcipcrsoniil and ad—
nrittisiiaiiye difficulties.“

Sltitriiakci said he does not lch any animosity lrctnccri
(belt and himself.

Jones said that at one poirtt. when (‘lten was still Director
of the program. she approached Slniinukcr c\pressing hcr
satisfaction with the status at the department. Slinnriikcr
responded. site said. with the continent. “hon much did
l)t. ('licn pay you to conic here?"

Shunrnkcr does “not deny saying it. idoit't tccull saying
I . . .'l might have said it in ii‘j‘iic’i'tlt'ir way."

Members of the :iiltriittistration refuse to discuss the of-
ficial or spccirltttivc reasons for ('ltcn's dismissal. Accor-
ding to then-Vice President of Aciideiitic Affairs. it is nor
the tttiitct'sity‘s policy to discuss reasons for tturi-rcncnal of
appointment. ct cn with the professor iniolved.

lint others who huyc irbsertctl tlic controtcrsy from its
beginning hate their own theories.

“((‘hcni has it strong sense of \zihtcs, personal dignity
and justice,“ said one professor. “She lr.td very high sinn-
thirds for tire department. She wanted it to be the best in the
country . . . site may have been too much of ii challenge for
tire dean,"

l-oi'rricr ('lrincsc Studies student llob ()‘liriun charged
“((‘hcii) is being bo\cd out of a \cry ci‘tective department
which she had consolidated. l'\‘cr}tttic‘ itist wants a piece of
the action now 

And tell Hell. it former strident of both professors (‘hcn
arid Yu commented, “l)i. Chen‘s not one to compromise.
Slic protrath hurt it couple of male egos.“

Grievances in both the (Al-i“ committee of University
Senate and the UUI’ are pending. Respccti\c spokespersons
Harry Staley and Tilt] Rcilly declined incontinent n hilc the
cases are iiitder litigation.

 

lly BETH BRINSli‘R

All SUNYA students will be re-
quired to show their student ID's
upon entrance of the SUN YA buses
beginning May 3. accordirtg to
Plant Operations Manager Dennis
Stevens.

The plan is being implemented.
said Stevens. for tire benefit of the
students. He cited several reasons
for this plant.

There have been several incidents
of non-university riicrtibcrs iiding
the buses and threatening the safety
of SUNYA students. according to
Stevens. One example. he said. is
when the Albany Police Depart-
itierrt was 'alled to physically
remove Albany High School
students from the buses.

Another incident. according tltc
Stevens was the assault upon i
SUNYA student by non-university
people on April 4. The student suf-
fered a broken nose. lacerations on
the face and broken glasses. The at-
tack occurred at the corner of lurk
and Washington.

Police Officer .ittittl (icnighan of
SUNYA Public fcty feels the in-
ciilcnts of the high school students
using the SUNYA lriiscs increases
when the weather is nice. He said
such reports are their greatest din»
irig the early fall and the late spring.

Adittinistrative Assistant of the
Plant Department Meg lleido said
there are non-university people
parking their cars here on the tip-
iowrr campus ilrcn taking the buses
to their jolts irt the downtown

 

district. These incidents “ricter
would have occurred if ll)'s had
been checked" she said.

"Those people are taking up a

spot for siriiietrrte (i.c. SUNYA
stirdcrtts)." sititl ltciilo.
She said the reason this pro—

ccdnre is being implemented now is
because it “scented a good time.
lilL't'L' are three weeks left to test it
and Cttst.‘ it in." in the nice weather
people are going to have their ll)‘s
in their pockets instead of purses or
under coats. she l'Cltttll‘k‘L‘ti.

A rticittbcr of the Bus Committee.
liric Krill. feels "if tlterc is it serious
security problem on the buses and
Albany State students are getting
beat up their art it) check might be
necessary." '

“However,” lie continued. “if

this turns out to be it serious iii-
convenience to students. their
Sicicns will hate to find another
way to make the buses safe."

Itcido docs inn t'oicscc any slow-
ll|‘. “it‘ll ciiiisc problems it so.
tiicitnc's not lL‘illi\. its like hitting
iiioiicy lot ('|)l'.-\ buses.“ slic silili.
lt nili be up to students. she feels.
to make the system work. llciilo
ltclicws peer pressure will make
people who do not belong on the
bus get off.

According to licido, SUNYA
sttrdcrrts who have guests will be
able to obtain visitcr‘s passes so the
gtiests will be able to ride the buses.
"They will be given mill at tile
’vlotoi Pool during operating
hours. We will screen passes. the
student will need to show lD." she
said.

 

\lurlt “a
Plnrrt Director Dcnni. Stevens
t\t'lt' politii' lit-gins Min" 3

 

lt' \llltiL‘llls are not able to obtain
passes during the Motor l’ntrl
horns. then passes will be tiiailiilrlc
in the Campus Center lnforiiiatiurt
desk during their weekend
operating hours according to llcido.

it has always been a policy of the
University buses to request 10‘s for
the buses but now. said Stcvcrts. we
will be doing it “more routinely
tlrtirt we currently do."

   
 

"lill?t.

 

 

 

