 

. out-"Tiffanie" __.v._...c

Wynn...

5
:4

...v—.

s, .2;

HOG-I

 

on -IOO @dﬁﬂ‘iﬂ)

  
 
 

A" "smash; ,'

Spectrum;

i ' music

‘ Gemini Jazz Cafe (462-0044)

lg'l‘hurs. Frl. Sat—Fats Jefferson; Sun-Wed
I —- Jole Bell

' Hulls-Halon (436-1640)

29. 30—The Dads 8: Candy Apple:.
Sl—The Lasers

Yesterday's (489-8066)
28-30—Exlt: Nov 4-6 —
11-13—Free Fall

Sklnﬂlnts (436-8301)
30—Downtlme

Pauly’s Hotel (463-9082)
29—Robble at the Plano; (lo—Bubbles
Lark Tavern (463-9779)

29. LlO—Too Late for Long Hair Boys;
Nov 3—Chrls Saw; 4~—Jolrn Saxe; 5.
6—Colby Sno

The Shelf (436—7707)

29. (ill—George Mtrsterangelo & Friends
tidal

LeRox;

 

Eighth Step Coffee House
JIM-1703)
lf‘t-uDiane Silildlllld 8C Debbie Fish:

Ilil-— (ir'cg Sclmnf. Bil-Ill l’ieemirir (Scottish
lurllnds. English drinking songs). Nriv
Red Line 7000. (1- Glenn drinks
The Chateau (405 00th
2’" Sharks; Illk-(Liirgr'etiii
“J. Clancys (liti2~‘.ltri.'.'l)
.“t. ll0-- l'iriips
i 288 Lark (do! il’lll)
Nov 2. Il-—'l'lrc X-Mun. tl-Jl'lru Al') 5.
" ~l‘1ipps: 10. l l-— l‘lro Duds
September's (Alfi‘J-Hrltlti)
Albany Symphony Orchestra
(405-4755)
fiov l2~lfi~‘l.t_)l'llt.’ Munroe, cr'llrst

PAC Recital Hall

Findlay Cocktail-pianist. Thursdays noon.
Free concerts from Oct 7-Nov 18.
SUNYA Rathsllslisr
29—Badge

Bogarts (482-9797) -
Downtime every Wednesday. Thurs
nights. SUNY discount. 29. 30—Fear of
Strangers; 31—LeRox; Nov 4—Bob
Radltffe & Dave McCarthy

Justin Mchll's (436-7008)
30—maglclan and comedian

movies

Third St. Theater (Rensselaer.
436-4428)
Currently showing slide shows of local ar-
tlsts. One half hour before each show. Jim
Sande. guitarist on Wed. evenings. 29.
Jill—Harold and Maude; 31——Eraserlread
University Cinema 1 & 2

7:30 and 10:00. $1.50 with tirxctrrrl.
$2.00 without. 1 (LC 7) 2‘)—--fiiclrard
Pryor Live on the Sunset Strip; (ill—l lrrllo-
ween ll. 2 (LC 18) ZU—Rugtinre: Ill) A
Stranger is Wrilchiirg

UA Hellman (1150-5322)

.linxrrd
international Film Group ('lfi7-Hlt‘m)
‘5.75 with tax curd. i150 without

30 -Mr. Smith Goes. to W.r>lrrngtriir. NIIV
Al Blru'lr Orpheus; l"; t‘nusiir. ('ousinc'.
it ~ (fir-turn liriyr‘rlc

Fireside Theater

Nov ll -- African Queen. (‘C lirllrourrr. titl-
inlssion free,

UA Cinema Colonle 1 dz 20159-2170)
| My Favorite Your. 2 Halloween Ill (ll)

Madison (489-5431) -
Tempest: Mon-Thurs $1.50. weekends
$2.50

Fol Coionlc l h 2 (459-1020)

1 Monsignor; 2 The Chosen

theater

Cohoas Music Hall (235-7969)
University ’I'haatrs (457-7545)

The Bacchae Nov 16-20
Schenectady Civic Playhouse
(382-9051)

The Diviners

Albany Civic Theater (462-1297)

Oct 27-Nov Iii—Fanny

Capital Repertory Company
(462-4534)

Oct 30-Nov 21—Sea Marks

Proctors Theatre (382-3884)
30—Gewandhaus Orch. of Leipzig; Nov
4-7 —- Barnum: Nov 3 —— Preservation
Hall Jazz Band: Nov ll—Wierrer Strauss.
Capella-singers of the Vienna Opera Com-
pany '

art

SUNYA Gallery

Lotte .lucobi Exhibition Oct 22~Ntiv Ztl.
N.Y. State Museum (1174-58112)
Photos of llrll'ltllil (luring lllt.’ 20's illl(l
Iitl'i. ---opens Oct 10. Agricultural k .‘i’
(until Jan 2); N Y Metropolis. Adirondack
Wilderness

Empire State Plaza Collection
("lllfl“l'l7Hl

(inlden l).ry. Silver nglrt

Cathy's Waffle Store (292 lurk Si.)
Photographs of local women
phiitiigr‘r’rplrers. Exhibit runs to Nov ti

 

 

 

Hidden
Doct-
rine.

mntinued from pugc 50

tapes. they were iesper:tvrl and fUtliCLl It

was consrdered dangerous to go out this

More of year

i ccause these mallgn folk would abduct you
i'r‘eedless to say. trick-or-trerrtlng was out of
Me question. except for the most obnoxious
r.llLl disliked of children. In Wrrlcs. until the
lrs‘th Century. it was customary to brirrr a
orndle in church to see what the coming
vcur would-bring. A bright flame was good.
illld irregular flame meant trouble. and if the
tx'tlidlc went out altogether. well. one had
butter put one's estate in order. One good
«’i.ilt could mortify an entire congregation!

Halloween was also something of a
harvest festival. and nuts tll‘td ripples were
also used for telling fortunes ll a boy was
successful in bobblirg for apples. it meant
tint his girl-friend loved him, Pairs of nuts
\'.L'l'e put in the fireplace grate. and if they
burned together to ash. it "113111" a trappin
married life. but if they burst or sprang apart.
the outlook was considered poor.

Our customs are derived from Mon-
tgomeryshlre. where laborers would dress in
old clothes and masks. and go begging for
fruit. nuts. and gifts. They would carry jack-
o-lairterns carved from (WoriId-you-belleve)
turnips tci light their way and keep away the
witches. This is ironic. because originally.
witches would carry jack-o-lariterns with
fearsome faces to keep Christians away! Wit-
ches did this because Halloween was a
sacred holiday to them. called Samhaln.
which marked the eve of a new year on their
calendar. Naturally. they didn't want out-
siders violating their prlvscy. just because
Sambatn was celebrated outdoors! Also they
didn't want their identities revealed to out-
siders, for obvious reasons. and the scary
turnips kept away the meddlesome and the
curious. El

 

 

 

ED

tot;
twenty

l) The Pretenders “Brick on the Chain
(3 (I n g ' '

2) ABC The LUNCH” (illum-
Ii) Adam Ant Friend or For:
ll) English Beat Spcciul Bent Service
5) Dcxy's Midnight Runners 'I‘uo-Ir’ye-Ay
(i) Poul Cruruck Suburban Voodoo
7) The Individuals Fields

Cliriiiiic Ttlll'tl
I‘ureur’r Now

'8) REM
U) Psychedelic Furs

10) Bow Wow Wow I Wriiit Cutltfy
ll) Joe Jackson Night (Hill Day
l2) Romeo Void Benefactor
Ill) Stray Cats Built [or Speed

14) The Jam “The Bitterest Pill"
l5) Dire Straits Lorie ()iier Gold
10) Duran Duran . Rio
17) Fear of Strangers Fear 0/ Strungch
is) Peter Gabriel Security
10) Simple Minds New Gold Dreams
20) Scritti Polilti Songs to Remember

Schenectady Mussum (382-7890)
Arlln Peartree Schulman: Abstract Steil
Sculpture and Wall Hangings. Exhibit runs
Oct 12-Nov 20.

Portuguese-Erasmus Club

Posters. books. ceramics on Portuguese-
speaklng people In Africa. Red-Carpet
Lounge. 2nd floor library. through
November.

miscellaneous

Colonial Halloween Party — Oct 29.
$1 with costume. more without

Savoy (301 Lark St) — Oct 30 An Even-
ing of Magic 8: Comedy with Jim Snack 8:
Joe Murray shows at 8:00 and 11:00 pnr.
Grand opening—serving food and drinks.
admission $3.00.

Deal Awareness Workshop Series
— Nov 4. 7:30 pm. LC 6: Dale Dangre-
rrrorrd will discuss the psychosocial rnerrttrl
nealth aspects of deafness.

Page Hall —— Wallflower Order Dance
Company. Nov 6 at 8:00 pm.

Pot Luck Dinner —- Nov 1l at 7:00pm
in llruirrrnitles Lounge. Sponsored by
Feminist Alliance 351 admission without
dish.

Verdi's Requiem - - Nov 7(1lCtllllL‘tltill
of Immaculate Conception 125 lirgle St .
Albany. 7.00 pm. l’erlrrrrrrml by Univursitr,i
(Tlrnriile. l)ttllr|llt)ll

Halloween Party -— CC Ballroom.
Atl'v'ritlt’t‘ tickets iir CC $2.00. “lull 00 .rt thr-
rltirrr (‘risttrrni' i‘irntr‘st. livr: lirriitl
Halloween Party - Indian
U-Lounge 5“ 50 with [around and
cristurric. “in 00 without trrxcirrd (ll
costume. $3.00 \vrtliout r-ither,

REWARD:

for information
leading to the
recovery of the
original copy of
last weeks

 

cartoon
call 45 7—33‘22

 

 

 

 

  
 
   

 

I -' ﬂ._

. anti:sz irsairfti
ours dmrz t\\
NOW TAKE

*‘a

 

  
 

Bum 'fit and.

 

Moi-1,1}!me
A G

sémm‘i?

AN unrmonnaci

  
        
  
   

HE. Pupz EKI‘ cauucgycomer CARcusAND ) a
IZOMETiMs DRWNTHE dummrnzpms ZaUSTABbBAByB N OS Too
biggies page: Wem‘)’ gems "to “P on GOA” GO",
sum. oﬂmxos am “AB-D '10
arts. fup'a Woasnl rritctivc n An
In: fup’z. P 625910.10 9

95m an Fem

x E ET '

amassilsswm
onus com

 

   
    

 

   

   

 

«A ‘.
MUmNG char. ‘zkolzco

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

w
Line.

 

 

 

an of silence

he Editor:
ere is a story. Two Jews who were facing a Nazi ﬁring

d were blindfolded. One said to the other. "My blind-

is so tight. it's cutting off my circulation." The other

ndcd. “Don't complain. you'll only cause trouble for
0th of us."

' i past chairman of the World Jewry Committee of
.-Hlllel. and the person responsible for programming
ti-scmitism and the Holocaust for the past two years,

i it is my responsibility to refute the remarks of Melin-
 lllcr. President of JSC that appeared in the Fri. Oct.
 issue, and of Rebecca Gordon. Director. that up-
-- - i d in both the Oct. 22 and the Oct 26th issues.

' ‘ eir statements for J.S.C.-Hillc| not sponsoring Rabbi

Kahanc seem to be translatable as follows-Don‘t

trouble. you’ll only make them (non-jcws) angry at

N we speak out. then we rrright cause trouble for

{5 lvcs. This attitude has done more to strengthen anti-

Xi ism than strong remarks made by Jews.

Nazi Germany. many Jews had an attitude of appease-

Gcrmuny passed a set of laws-- The Nurcmbcrg

'.‘ -- which effectively curtailed the rights of Jews. Mnny

at that time did not want to cause trouble. Tltcy fctrrcd

"gif they spoke out. the Nazis would make their lives

ﬂ. They didn’t speak out, and six million were killed.

" America today. many groups are openly hostile
ds Jews. Anti-scmitic actions occur frequently in the

W. the United States. the New York metropolitan ilrctl.

City of Albany and even on campus where there is :1

large Jewish population. At a time when Arab nations ut-

tempt to expel Israel from the United Nations. at a lime

Witch the Ku Klux Klan is growing in membership with

reports of KKK activities less than 40 miles trwuy in

southwestern Vermont. at a time when Nazi war criminals
still 1ch freely in the United States. is this the time for
silence for fear of unti-scmitic activities?

J.S.C.-Hillcl had every right not to sponsor the Rabbi for
the 'slmpic reason that they don't agree with his policies.
but. to not sponsor the Rabbi for fear that "they" will gct
mad at us is the most rcvolting thing i can think of.

Jews should not be worrying about igniting anti-
semitlsm. as it will occur with or witliorrt Jewish actions. it
is therefore important for chs to stand on their own.
beliefs regardless of what they believe reaction might be as
long'as their stand does not infringe on the rights of other
citizens.

 

1'-
Q-

-llowaid Flshmnn

“atriarchal games

(he Editor:

" response to the column “An Outside View" from the
ray. October 22 edition of the ASP. some "Vestal
in" feminists would like to set Jonathon Miles straight

he myths of rape.
" :. Vith regard to the cause of rape. Mr. Miles states that
’ pit in those severe cases in which the aberrancy clearly
d‘siwith the mate. it must be said that the mass of sexual
uli surrounding him are responsiblc."Howcvcr, rape is
crime of violence. the illicit carnal knowledge of a
, an without her consent, effected by force. duress. in-
dation or deception as the nature of the act"(scc Fall
t2 Rape Supplement published by the President's Task
'V 'cc on Women's Safety). Rape is the sadistic exercise of
er and dominance which confirms manhood. Manhood
only be certified by the negation and degradation of the
ate; it is a political act based on power and control over
omen as a class- a class of victims. in other words. rape
- little to do with sex or “the exercise of our collective
." Perhaps Mr. Miles would like to enlighten us as to
use "collective lust" he is referring to. He would have us
cvc that lust is rooted in humankind. He is mistaken in
ining what is male with what is human. Also. be main-
5 that a proper sexual stimuli including seductive
hing. provides a cozy atmosphere for rape. in actuality.
such prerequisite to rape is ever required. As a matter of
' t. rape cases range in age from 2 weeks to 97 years old.
most cases, the rape mentality is not triggered by Sen-
lity or seduction.
onsider this account by a rape victim from the Rtlpc
pplemcnt. “When i was being raped. I felt as though i
5 being repeatedly stabbcd with ll knife in one of the.
st sensitive areas of my body...whcn the force of the
‘ usting eventually results in the penis entering the vagina.
ntcrs usually no more thtui at few inches. and again the
ues arc rcpczrtcdly. with each thrust. ripped and
tn...Hours after the ttllttL‘k, thc prrin rcturncd rind i felt as
ougir I had been sct on fire." is this atrocity u result of it
7 1055 of scxuirl stimuli surrounding him"? No. Docs this
rind like sex or sensuality? Most emphatically no!
“The problems nltctt .r .ir.rlc. tlirririglr
 ltcr ignorance or lack of inhibition or sclt' control

illl\L'

' latcs the unwritten rules of this muting grime." Wltiil is

. is gttme and who arc the Dltlycl'h? in it collcgc study. 5i
v l‘CCnl of the men srrid that they might commit rrrpc it they
" re assured they would not be caught (Feshbirck iltld

' Malamuth. l977). The players of the game are our acquain-
tances: bosses. neigthrs. brothers. fathers. and husbands.
Mr. Miles seems to be confused about the clarity of the
rules. “What may very often be the desired male response
to one woman is abusive to another..." The game. the rape
strategy. is caught up in the dichotomy of “if she says no.
she really means yes" mentality. Men have the power in this
patriarchal society. and they make the rules. Perhaps. if
there is confusion involved in the "mating game". we must
radically unnlyzc both the rules and the game.

-chblc DeMarco
Mnry Purdy
Sabine Relchet
Beth Suter

, Colonial dangers

To the Editor:

We tire writing to show our disgust and fear at the sick
actions of certain persons on Colonial Quad. Several times
we have been near-victims of glass bottles. bottle caps.
eggs. wntcr balloons. and other dangerous objects being
thrown from the tower. We can't believe that responsible.
intelligent udults would endanger nnothcr’s lift: in this
manner. We had been hoping these incidents were ac-
cidcnts. but their frequency suggests otherwise.

We have spoken to the rcsidcnt assistants. the tower
director. the quad director. the Office of Residential Life.
and the Office of Student Affairs. to no avail. Through
persistent inquiries We have found that many lounges and

moms on the tippers ﬂoors have no screens. We were itr- .

l'ormcd -llltt1 no rcplttccmcni screens will be purchased.
Also. studcttts that remove their scrccns are violating lions-
irig policy. but thch is no referral or line for this ttclion.

We feel it is imperative for missing screens to be replaced
and the housing policy to be strictly enforced. for thc
abscncc of these screens can only cncoumgc thcsc
dangerous and perhaps fatal incidents.

Is this University concerned for our safety? What will it
take until something is done? The next time a bottle is
thrown from the tower will you be the victim that prompts
the authorities to action?

— Names withheld by request

Right to be radical

To the Editor:

On Wednesday evening (Oct. 27) Rabbi Meir Kahanc
spoke on this campus despite a great deal of protest. it was
absolutely wonderful! Not ncccssurily the things he said.
but that |rc was given the opportunity to say it. It made me
proud to bc a part of this University rind even more so to be
an American.

Many people throughout the world hold radical opinions
of what should or should not be; however. fcw nations pcr-
mit those people to speak out. The United States is one
country that does. Personally. I do not agree with members
of the American Nazi Party and thc Klu Klux Klan on one
extreme and members of the Communist Party on the
other; 1 may even disagree with certain positions on gun
control. abortion and death penalty. but l'd be damned to
try and prevent others from presenting those views in
public. i would not only feel morally bound to permitting
such opcn expression, but i would have to do it because of

L

Established In 101d

2.

  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

Editorial

Nsws Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mark Hammond.Tarl Kaplowltz

ASPsnls Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Debbie Mlllmsn
Associat- ASP-ct! Ecltor . Mean" G.Tsytor
Sound Editor . . , , . . . . . . .... RobcitSchnaldar
Vlllon Editor . . . . . . . . Dsmlan VInDanburqlt

Sports Editor: . . . . . . . . . .. Michael Carmen. Marc Hsspal
Alloclsts Sports Editor. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Mark Banner
..... Lisa Strain

Editorial Paus- Edltnr.. .
Contributing Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Andmw Carroll
Editorial Assistants: Dabble Judge. Dabble Flolula. Mari: Schwarz Stsll
writ-u: Glna Attend. Howard Enoch. Mlko Benson. Duvn Blumkln. Bath
Btlnsor. Ray Cnllglure. Kan Cantor. Hubert-Kenneth Dickey. Bill Fischer. Hot:
Summer. Barry Gatlnnr. Scott Gerschwet. Hobart Gordon, Stavo Gusset.
Stephan inlaid. Danica Knight. Charles M. Gmona. Illsu Lovlno. Donna Mac-
Mlllan. David Mlcliaalson. Carl Parka. Lisa Palai. Phil Plvnlck. Linda Quinn.
le Fletch. Randy Roth. Spnctrurn and Events Editor: Ftont Ginsburg.

Busmess
Bonirtu Stnvnns. ttusinvss Menach

thirty “laden/155010.!” Business Manager
Jrrnot Biotlriss. Advertising Mirriiigur
Jolrn iinlnno. Stile-:- Miiniigw

Minus-union. .lridytoiul
Alltllltl Krillowitz

. .‘I."r‘rtfr r O'cck

... .,. .....Mickeyl7iurrk
. .. .. Melissa Wrissnunan

tllttlnii Accountants

Payroll Supervisor

"l’l‘n Co ntdlnrrtai

Classified Manager .
Cnnrpuutllan Muniinai . .. , .
Advertising Satan: Putin Forward. Noll or man. Advertising Production
Managers: Mindy ltoiownz. Susan Prarlmu . Advertising Production:
Randal) untrai. Roirl Ginsburg. Jirno leaclr. Mictrullu Horowitz. Julia Marks.
Etalnu Russo“. lilrnntla Wott Olin-,8 Stall: Elluon Nuwman. Gay Paroso

 

 

"n

'the Freedom of Speech, granted to all persons. under the .

nun lstz. Editor In Chis!
w-ym Pursboom. Msnlglng Editor

“  ‘ _  . V   rift

 

 

Constitution of our great nation.
Rabbi Meir Kahane is a person with radical points of
' view who is f rcc to speak them. and we are free to listen to
it...or not listen to it! Obviously. many students here
wanted to. What spcclal‘powcrwas given to the people
who wanted to prevent them?
_ Those persons who protested Kahanc's speaking on this
.campus either do not understand the rights that we (in-
cluding the protesters) are granted in the U.S.. or fail to
comprehend the implications of those rights. The founders
of our country. and hence of the constitution. were all
dissenters in their time; or rather radicals. as they would
now be called. They understood that the silencing of such
varying types of view are the true cause of violent actions.
Better to let radicals speak their opinions in order to get
their point across. it's the stiﬂing that results in violence.
Fortunately. such did not happen hcrc.

I'm proud to be an American and to be a part of a com-
nrunity which trrily upholds the most basic principles of the
United States of America!

— Philip D. Chonlgman
Uni varsity Senator

Sustained prosperity

To the Editor:

The defeat in the House of the Balanced Budget Amend-
ment scvcrirl weeks ago clearly indicates a lack of Congres-
sional coirrnritmcnt to ideals of fiscal discipline. The
Amendment. if enacted. would have prohibited an un-
brilirnccd budget except iti times of war or if Congress votcc
by it thrcc-t'il‘ths margin to unbalance it. The current Con-
gress's initbility to summon tr two-thirds favorable vote in
both Houses subverts the goal of over three-quarters of the
American public.

The villll nccd to institutionalize a balanced budget rc-
quircirrcnt is evident in light of Congress's past record. The
record indicates that in the lust twenty-two years. Congress
has only adopted one balanced budget. Now the federal
debt cxcccds one trillion dollars and the cost of financing
the debt this year will be SllO billion-making it the third
largest expenditure of the federal government. 'During the
past fifteen years increases in government spending out-
stripped the growth of national income. in the ﬁfteen years
prior to the expansion of entitlement programs in the
1960‘s. federal spending averaged about It! percent of the
GNP: now it equals 24 percent-representing an increase of
one-third in the past decade and a half.

The growth of government spending in excess of national
income growth imposes an ominous burden on the
economy. The tragic result of disproportionate federal
spending growth in past years has been tltc deterioration of
most economic indicators--inflation. unemployment.
capital formation. productivity. and even poverty. The
adoption of the Balanced Budget Amendment. more pro-
pcrly referred to as the Balanced Budget-Tax Limitation
Amendment. would advance economic recovery by institu-
tionalizing Congressional discipline.

Unfortunately. all measures short of a constitutional
amendment have not stopped Congress from flouting the
wishes of over 75 percent of the American people. The
American people should demand the adoption of the
Balanced Budget-Tax Limitation Amendment in Congress
or through the state legislatures across the nation to finally
put the economy on the path to sustained prosperity.

— Robert J. Carroll

 

 

Productlon

Jack Durschtag. Plaductlon Mlnsosr
Chlsl iypslsttsr . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Cathie Ryan
Vsnlcsl Cuner . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . , .. Btll Bonllls

Puts-up: Janine Barker. Leslie Fratkin. David Mlchssluon. John Moran
Yyplsts: Joyce Balk. Bill Beensy, Erica D'Adlmo. Psi Flnocchlsrc. Joanna
Glidersleove. Stave Graenbsum. Elllabeth Hoymln. Ginny Hubst. Bruce Park.
Joel Ronls. Mark Waller Chauffeur: Joo Ollanskl

Photograph

Supplied principally by University Photo Service. a student group

Chlet Photographer: Dave Asher. Ups stall: Chuck Barnslaln. Alan Calm“
Amy Cohan. Sherry Cohan. David Hanson. MIctir-Io Kolcham. Hilary Lane. Ed
Maiusslch. Lots Maltabonl. Alan Mantis, Susan Etntnu Mindloh. David Rivera.
Lisa Simmons, Eucrr Spetoot, Sunu Stoinkamp. Wumin Stout. Jltn Valentino.
Marty Watcnn. Will anman

Entm contains curiyllaht 1982 Albany Student Press Corporation.
Thu Alllrlll‘] tannin-vii Press is published furisrlays and Fridays between

August illltl .lumr ll) rtru Albany Sludnnt Prnss Corporation. an independent
trot-toi-piiitrt crrriruiirtron.
Editor .

 

‘..tin .vrlllt'ir try thr- Editor In Chin! wtl'i mammals of the Editorial
t -:.: 1" 3m. Ariimtlslno policy

 

flint-.1... ...il'.- . t 1 . '(nC'J. t>',' its [it
does not tlUt'raISrilll'y rutlcct nuitoitnl policy
Malltnn address:
Albany Studunt Pleas. CC 329
1400 Washington Ayn.
Albany. NY 12222
(518) 457-889213322l3389

 

 

s

.w

    
   

f. ferv—

m

«4563:»: ‘

r

'73
Hr

 

 

