 

 

 
    

 

 

. ..... .. ..-..... «so»..- "“.“_‘":;".:_‘:r::;;:‘.:.:;:.; 11;. “rszr‘“""‘**""- "  ..
' - . . ' . ' ' .r .
., v ,
." a  r" 1982 y ' ' ' . “Ni”. '13 f."t‘* by] i
._..,_,...-.—.i.- - .---¢—_.. I It ' ' r
w r " "  .......  - -‘ * ' m " zit-u: ~: —Mqii4«4982. ﬁnger-7r
iirr ’t‘wétu} “

 

 

 

e London"

  

\

l ‘ I I,  - ...And The Movies

.-_ b...“

. «.AWM

...... _.,
x—v—z. .~—::.—3-.¥-__~. .~v;-~.~

 

wo records have been released
I recently. One is by a group that has
received a great deal of critical at-

tention; the other Is by a group thatwiil
receive such attention In the future. \

Robert Schneider

The Jam is currently the most popular
band In Great Britain. They are also loved by
critics everywhere. which seldom accom-
panies mass popularity. The band that hails
from Woktng. England has certainly cap-
tured its own territory. and Is trying to make
It on this side of the ocean. Their latest
album. The Gilt. throws a monkey wrench
the size of a Rolls-Royce into their plans.

The Jam can be traced back to the punk
days of 1977. which also saw the birth of the
Clash and The Sex Pistols. They've set chart
records In England that date back to Elvis
and the Beatles. The group is staffed by Paul
Weller on guitar. Bruce Foxton on bass. and
Rick Buckler on drums. On this record.
Steve Nichol and Keith Thomas assist on
horns. The whole thing began 11 years ago
In high school. when Weller and Buckler us-
ed to get together to jam. An undoubtedly
prolific group. they‘ve released 5 albums
since 1977. and The Gift makes 6.

Many musical forces inﬂuence them. from
Otis Redding to the Beatles to the Kinks.
More currently. they resemble the Clash on
some tracks. They're not afraid to do covers.
although none are done here. Weller. the
chief writer. writes when he Is inspired,
which must be often. given the number of
albums. Hts lyrics actually mean something.
too. No one can question the lyrical quality
of this album; it's just the music that's awful.

The Jam is a very acclaimed live band.
with Robert Palmer of the NY. Times calling
a performance of theirs among the best
shows he's ever seen. Given the state of this

album. that's all they have left. The Jam. like
. The Clash, Is one of thosegroups “you're

 

 

 

 

Self Reich—

teve Reich ts considered one of
S America's finest contemporary

composers. and his performance In
the PAC Sunday afternoon displayed a
brilliance deserving of such a prestigious title.
Performing with four musicians. Reich work-
ed with a violin. marimbas. pieces of wood.
and the sound of two hands clapping.
Because of the phasing In and out of
gradually repeated rhythms. the music
created an illusory and simultaneously hyp-
notic experience for the listener.

Debbie Millrnan

The show opened with a piece written in
1972. titled "Clapping Music." performed by
Reich and Glen Velez. Obviously. no In-
struments for this piece were needed; the
“music” consisted of two men clapping first
In unison. Reich gradually Increased his tem-
po while Velez remained repeating the basic
pattern throughout. Reich changed to the
same pattern with Its downbeat shifted over
one beat. Although this change ls abrupt for
the musicians (Reich says so In his "Notes on
the Music"). the ﬂuctuations were so minute
that It was difficult to pinpoint any actual
change.

“Piano Phase." played on two marimbas,
was performed by James Preiss and Velez.
This piece. perhaps my favorite of the show.
was unique In Its intricate technicality etched
with simple beauty throughout. The piece
was a result of Reich’s work in 1965 and '66
with tape recorders. the sound evolving from
the simultaneous playing of Identical loops.
Over the course of several months Reich and
Art Murphy. first working against tape loops
of themselves, then on pianos. found that
while they could not mimic the perfection of
machines, they could produce a solid fac-
simile. And solid It was. Prelss and Velez (the
latter emerging as the most Impressive musl-
ctan In the entourage) played with technical
irnd aesthetic precision.

A prerecorded tape accompanied Shem

 

 

 

 

 

 

My: The Jam
supposed to like." Before you join the
chorus of Jam lovers. listen to the album.
Which Isn't always easy. The recording
quality is horrible. I don't know If this was
purposely done to give them a "raw" sound.
but If It was. It wasn't the brightest thing to
do.
There are a couple of good tunes on this
album. actually. The Jam used good judg-
ment In choosing the single — "A Town call-
ed Maltce."The words speak of a gloomy
English existence: “A whole street's belief In
Sunday's roast beef/gets dashed against the
Co-op/To either cut down on beer or the
kids new gear/it’s a big decision In a town
called Malice." On this track the lyrics are
audible. The same can't be said of many of
the other ones. For some reason. the Jam
believes that good lyrics. sung with fervent
emotion. should be buried under tons of
purposeless bass and noise. Trumpets. and
the occasslonal Weller moment of guitar
mastery are also entombed In the
cacaphony. Drowning out lyrics Is fine If
what's left Is Instrumental prowess. Indeed.
the Instrumental "Circus" allows some of the
groups musical skill to come to light, with a
nice Buckler drum solo as an example. The
Jam shows at least they’re not undevlating In
their musical style with “The Planner Dream
Goes Wrong." a Calypso-style song with the
cheerful. sunny lyrics replaced by damp
English reality: “The dream life luxury living

pushess

 

was a pleasant No. 10 whim/But
somewhere down the lines of produc-
tion/They left out human beings." If the
music were half as good as the lyrics. the
Jam would be stunning. Perhaps when they
perform lIve. the sound quality Is better and
the true music can shine through. If this Is
true. then 75 percent of the criticisms of this
album can be dropped. .

A criticism that can't be dropped Is not of
The Jam. but rather of the "rock snobs" who
maintain that people must love The Jam
because. well. they're critically acclaimed.
ljfothlng should be loved or hated unless one
has had contact with it oneself. And to those
who point to the fact that The Jam are
number one In England. It should be pointed
out that so were The Bay City Rollers.

After listening to the debacle of The Gilt.
the prospect of listening to The Jam's com-
panions on Polygram. The Call. seemed
downright depressing. Surprisingly. the
album titled The Call was enjoyable.

The Call Is a fairly new band that bears
watching. Consisting of Michael Been and
Tom Ferrier on guitars. Greg Freeman on
bass, and Scott Musrek on drums. The Call
is well stocked musically. Been wrote all the
songs. and proved himself to be a writer of
unflagglng Intensity. He also has a habit of
writing fervent. apocalyptic lyrics that never
seem foolish.

   

 

a

. - A r A __._
Applause: Hand claps, polyrhythms, and hypnotic percussion mark the compo;
tions of Steve Reich.

 

Guibbory on violin as he played "Violin
Phase." which is one of a series of pieces
dealing with repeating figures. Guibbory
played against one. two. and finally three
tape trach of himself. The live playing was
as flawless as the tape. The performance was
deceiving. however. for the gradual fading In
and out of both Gulborry and his tape left the
audience what was live. and what was
Memorex. ‘

This theme recurs through most. if not all
of Reich's music — he seems to enjoy play
ing with an audiences auditory perception.
"Music For Pieces of Wood" was related to
“Clapping Music" In that both deal with the
simplest possible Instruments. Guibbory.
Pretss. Reich, Velez. and Gary Schall per«
formed on wooden claves selected for their
particular pitch and resonant timbre.

The last number of the show was also
rhythm oriented, titled "Drumming;” the
piece was originally scored for 8 small
drums. 3 marimbas, 3 glockenspiels. voice,
piccolo. and whistling. Originally lasting over
an hour and a half. Reich and 3 of his musi-
cians played only Part One. which offers
small tuned drums In Increasing, decreasing,
shifting and holding variations of an original

‘ pattern.

During the piece. Reich had to stop play-
lng In order to adjust an out-of-tune drum
with a wrench. This had me questioning the
rigidity of the specific rhytmlc patterns the

EVENTS

 

Plnhtorfut

For the second year the Ptnksterfest
Albany's annual celebration of spring. will
run for two days. Held In conjunction with
the Albany Tulip Festival. the Pinksterfest
will run from 1 to 6 pm. Saturday May 8
and from noon to 6 pm. Sunday. May 9 if
It rains May 9, the festival will move to the
Empire State Plaza's Grand Concourse The
Pinksteifest. an event almost as old as
Albany. will feature a smorgasbord of crafts
food. art. theater, music and dancing Tulip
Festival activities on Saturday. May 8 will be
highlighted by the crowning of the 1982

 

T I. |
ulp Quecn at noon In Washington Park Music Studio. Original C(Jltljlimllritlm \vi

wt".-ewe-wists”

it‘ir

 
 

"all," ’1'!“ mm H’ V""'l’i'i"l.‘\'1‘t'- 'l’r.'A’s".‘Ii'~. '-. 'n ' ' ' ' ' '

  

The Ecstasy: The Cali

The album has been well-assembled. The
opening track. "War Weary World." display;
Been’s vocal abilities. while the guitars and
drums have room to shine. Bassist Freeman,
apparently knows that good playing isn't
necessarily loud. He keeps his bass subdued
when It should be. allowing it to dominate at
the proper time and place. On most songs,
Been sounds extremely emotional, which fits
In with the Impassioned style of the music.
The Call displays a musical savvy which is
rare for a band this new. “Upperbinh.” the
opening cut from side two.IS'a sllckwell done
tune that sounds very American for an
English band. Some Pretenders influence
can be seen on this song. The Call also takes
a clear-cut anti-War stance. expeclnlly on
"Bandits": “How soon it's forgotten/Alter
the guns have ceased/Now we're cryiii' in.
war/When we once cried for peace "

After being let down by the funk pirckiigctl
and released as The Gilt. It‘s refreshing to
hear a band that Isn't musically IIriIi’lSSlstlt‘
They remeber how to please the li‘t'til(l buy-
Ing audience: by not muddltrrg the sound
quality. or delving Into musical (llgtt‘ssirrns ll
Been can continue his super singing style as
he does on The Call. and keep the writing
quality at the same caliber. look for The Call
to rise. As for The Jam. with continued
nonsense such as The Gift. look for llit’ll
albums In the $2.99 bins. "

men were playing. After the show I ilSkt‘d
Reich about this and he lnslsted every beat
was accounted for and proceeded in show
me the score. lt's technicality Iiilisl have
made memorization formidable While
seeming to owe more to .imrri girth
Showmanship. the score lilqullc‘i .i» rrrucii
musical proficiency as traditonril llitlslt Aid
Reich. trained at Juilltard and Mill. Culture
(where he studied with Darius Mrltmnd .iid
Luciano Berio) is aptly proficient .it both

If the show was flawed. on r: w .. r. r:.._
limitation of its rirugrz. Ii. :irw ii
phasts on percussion, tlrcr'r
wonderful cellm,
flutes or basses lien: 'l on it
teen Musicians album (i
(Reich explained l‘ii' need.
cians for the Show.) Nivur'riuless. the show
was a highly Impressive unit from .r lti’IIiilli'
dously gifted composer wii i has unilurtirlwn
a new direction on the road If corriurnpumryI
music. -4

and the Klnderkermls. a free children's lair
from noon to 4 pm. at Washington Parks
boathouse. At the Pinksterfest on Sillulday'
May 8 and Sunday. May 9 a host of dancers.
mlmes. clowns and puppeteers will be P“
forming throughout the park. The activities
on Sunday. May 9 will feature continuous
live matnstage entertainment.

    

'l .
i’lr' trim.
Sirxui' 'lti'a p .rr. ..
Music i ll lgn
'i_ iilltl nihvis

1 "chimp" Itlilzt-

Son. Enocmblcry Required
Tonight at the Main Theater In the PAC:
the Annual Student Concerto Concert.
featuring five student soloists along with the
University Community Orchestra conducted
by Nathan Gottscalk. Joseph Peirrclll. ilcnv
nlfer Ptlner. Christine Pank. Ellen mirth
and Clancy D'Areangelis will perform works
by Back. Tartlnl, Copland. and Hovharress
The concert. beginning at 8 pin. is free I
Tomorrow night Is on Iilizr-rrirnrr Miislt

Concert featuring Students of tho fluctrhil‘tif
.lt.’

,iun-

little to mention it. but it's almost
1 ltttit.‘ for the summer movie blitz
Movie distributors have two Itiitjttt
periods during which they unlmrd the lion‘s
share of their product on the Arrrurlciitr
public. always accompanied by hypr.l illlfl
hoopla The big one. the Christirrns seirsriir.
virtue in wrtlr it bring illi(l WL‘ltl out with .i
wliirnpcr Rciiliils were ilowu .mrl rt'vrvws
weir.- mixed Thus. the
Hollywood mucs are hoping for .r big sum
mur

ulcer 1r idtlcii

jim Dixon

I suspect they'reIvery‘rieivous irlriiiit ill-Ill
prospects because the advertising started
early (Ioliimbiir started advertising their big
gust release. imd pvrlrrrps ifu' surnirrer's big»
gest release. (\lllllt'. its Ctllly ilS Decembci
erilc Aortic. buscd tilt the hit nlUSlCtll.
should have .is liltlittl .rn audience .is
anything coming out this surriinci‘. Columbia
docs lum- \Illlltfllllllg to worry about, Aiiiiit'
cost sonu'wlrurc l)L‘l\\’L't‘Il lltitly'lIVt' and forty
million flillltllS trr jittnlllit'. illL‘tIliIitg that it
would lit' ll total disaster lrrl the lilrrr to gross
lr‘sh than crglrty million Lll)llrtl5. .rlriiut wli.rt
liist stiirrriici‘s hit Stripes irrirdc Not it)”
many films do llIIS

limping to rush III on the popularity of
(‘iilbcit .rrid Sullirnu's 'l‘lii- I’iruti-s o] I’i'ri-
,{itlit't'. l’iiiirririruiii bus an updated version of
the dustcd off lirrmdiviry lrit duu out this
sumirrcr culled 'l‘lri' l’imtu Morric Kristy
McNii:lrol .mil Christopher Atkins (The Hflit'
lugoiml star lllllVL’I'Sill Will LIIIVL'Il ii
legitrrrrnto version stirrriiig Lind-r Roiistiidt
«Hid l\'cvm Kline .rt Clii'istirrirs.

In it completely different vein. Universal is
presenting .i horror fantasy culled Poltergeist

lllL‘ first week in .lriru' Steven Spielberg pro-

duced ‘imil crr-wrirlu the film. which was

tlliL'ClL’(l by 'l'iibc Iloripcr. director of The

Tums (‘lriiirisrru- Mirssucri' Spielberg. who‘s
been (l vuty busy boy liituly. also Wtrrtu rtlltl
directed the rum: niiilei Whips science fiction
film A firms Lifc. (hit: out this sunriirci

l'ltl sonic- rcrison Ilir' studio livirils scent
to fool llllll llit' .rdirlcscunt audience Ilwy'rc
desperate to rupture is crirvrrig sword and
sorcery lirrrtirsy Virtully cvvry minor
distributor tins atillli' ‘dill Ul project tilting
ilicsc lines in some stirgv til development
Why this is I'm not slllt‘ limit: is no box rrl
lici: srgii to lilfllt'rllL’ this 7 llit‘ only forays iii
to the ficlrl so for how lici'rr I \ciililiin illlil
IJVUUUUSlIlL‘t'l neither of which
iurii‘iwiiv hits N1 iriclliizless Urirversirl's (im-
on ilrc Robert I.
l'linvirid's writ-s of short stoircs about .i wry
tough irrrd illii-rnpurcrl b.rib.rii.m lung of tin-
llypeiborriin Age. is illlt‘ out this luiu' /\r
irold Sr‘lruirri'i-m-ggur stars

Also Ill llit' irii-i'ic lllli' (‘Irrit
l'ltlSlu‘llllll lL'llJlllS lU lllt‘ Sl’ll'lfll llllS ‘illlllllli'l

\UL’ l L'

litrrhrrruiri latwil ltll

.ir'lii ill

Iii I‘lrr'frrr. about it Victriiuri \‘ct .rssrgiictl tr:
SlL‘tll .i prototype Mrg right iittt til Illi' IISHR
liirstwirriil .rlm (lllt't tr'il

lliitiiwii l’itlil aim of lllt' riiiriiuiiy liii
li’titdi'ls (If tlri‘ first riilt. aims in lilirilt'ririi
ilt'l'. .i SLIL‘III t.‘ ltt‘lltilt Ilt‘lt'LlHi.’ lilirr bule Hll
l’hrllrp l\' lirclr‘s lIIiVL‘l l)ii Androids f)it'tllil
ir/ I.'lrrr~tirr' .Slri-i-p” Riilley Sriitt. director rrl
AIu-rr, lit'lIIttftl this uric. with (I score by
Viirrgclis (( ‘lriir'iots of Hip) and speisiiil effects
by Douglas 'I‘rurnbull (Zillil rllill (,‘lirsu Ifrr-
contrth ii/ If": Third Kind)

Ariuilrcr L'.\]lL'lt\l\l‘ escapist ‘irrrrt‘ic tlitt.‘
Util tlrrs simmrt'r is r’ifi-girliirt'i', (llltll'lt'll in;
ex Nllilllllliitl |l.il {Vccillmin whose [ricirous
bills have ilitliltlL‘Il liiitli Siiirrlicv illtil tlii'
lfiurrlrt iiiinrcs Ill'flllt". iiirrl I'lii' f'mriiirir
fut/l Ir'iiir lllcgirluii c is on ilt.‘lllili flltri iihiiitt
lit'llilC irri'ru'nnrrcs lighting r'vil (.llttl (forn-
iiuiiriwml ulicrcwr rr mus its lll‘riil linrry
l’rmtiiiclr .mrl .lcirv lit-rd stilt Vli'tkr‘la rrriglrt
bc interested to litirru .i rlciil hm .ilrenrly
hi'cri signed till .i suitirr'l

Selim-ls irri- .ill over the place lllla hillli'
iiIL'I' 'I‘lie lllll'L' biggies tllL’ (iruiisc 2 (who
ever heard til doing il suguel‘tu .r.iniisic.il").
Sim 'I‘ii'k ll .iiid lt’ucky Ill Sylvustcr
Stallone. who has Vl'l tr) score .r liit when

  

\fitl’S .mrl

irc's ltUl playing Rocky linlbriri
drivcted the lillitll lispcct some rrairiirkvs .is
\\'t‘ll ~ for t:.\.irnpliI .lrrlrn tllrillurrwnl
t'iirpuirtcr's remake of I'lic 'I'tiing, .tlirini \\'Illt
l'rllll SL‘lllrlflL’l‘S recently lL'll'il‘t'll ivrriiriiu l-l
("tit f'i'irpli'

All of uliri h IS only to gnu you some iilcn
irf wlrirt you'll be spending \Ulilt,’ of your
niovii' ilnlliirs HII llll’t sutirtnr'i if it .rll wutiils
l(ltl(l iii f.rriiili.ii (didn‘t l sue Iliirt inmu- first
surrirrri'i 'l rust reitiurrrber ()rrc thing
llullymiirrl iii'ir'r forgets Is 'iiliiit's riiiidcI
money And If it did once it‘s always good
for .i lvu rlorri's lit llltll respect art is .rluiiys
llllL'tKl iii aL'lL'ltt‘t'

Saturday («00“ In The Park _

soaring frlsbees.

S

aturday was perfect for a celebration -- warm sunny skies.
plentiful beer.
everywhere. This makes you forget the week's worries and it

live music and people

helped contribute to Celebra‘tlo'nw's’gs:inaccess. V V _ W» M W“ V m"

Ray Caligiure

 

 

  

i

Squeeze relaxes. Tools cuts

5/] '82:
loose. and Mikc Score synthesizes (if

Ct’lt'f’l’tillﬂlt '82

      

 

Classic Ax

‘lnterriiitiunrilly ircclirimed pianist Emanuel
Ax will join the Albany Symphony Orchestra
in its llliill concerts of the l‘iHl -SZ season on
Friday. May lilth iii the 'l‘riry Music Hull and
on Sirturdiiy. M.ry 15th at the Alhrirry Palace
Theatre. l’urfirrrriirrrccs begin .‘it Bill) pm
The ASO will open its piirgrimr with
Alllt'l’li'iill cinnpirsci Williirrn Schirriiirrr's
Syrrrplioiiy NU ll). "'l'lic Arnuricirri Muse."
followed by the lithium (‘iirrruiirl by llcctni
Berlioz l'liu second half of the program uill
feature liirriiririvl Ax jtt‘lftilltititg l’iuno t‘oii~
ci'rtv No .‘3 by Sergei Rachmaninoff

'I'ickets for the M.ry l‘l'lr) coiri‘irrts .iIL'

available .rt the l’iilncv 'l'liiurtro Box iilfrce
(flilrl‘llllll‘ll .rtrd ill illl (‘irririnirrirty Bus Uf-
licus .it Colonic Currier. the limprri- mic
Plum. l’l‘r)ClliI"~} Arcmlr' rrr Sclrrrccindr‘. .mrl
iii the llill‘li' Sum Atrium in Troy 'l'rclrisis ilIi.‘
also KlVlllllllllL' or the 'I'rrry City Music i lllll ()f

lice

showcased Ill 8 p.ilt. in the Recital Hall. Adv
mission is free

Thursday night. dance to the bent of 5 dif-
ferent druniirrers as The University Percus-
sirrri liriseiiiblu. tilting with the University
Symphonic fiiirrd. perform their final concert
in 8 pm In the Mirirr 'l'lri'irtur' Admission is

free

Plnter's Affair I
Albinu/ 'l'lrr-ritrc l’ri rim I will pit-writ l luruld
Ir’inter‘s lfi'lr'iryiil .rt the SUNYA {\iunit
l‘hrriitcr on Miiy S .it 7 ill) [I in .1an {Hill
p‘.rn. illlfl the liighth Stop (Toffee House on
Miiy ‘i .ii Sill) p in ()IIL’ iii l’inici's most ic-
urit \vrrilrs lit-it'viil is .i simple story llltll rrx-

.IIltlIIL“i llli.‘ «lim'li tlillli‘lll of mi illlllllL‘l'fillS rtl'

liiir rillfl Its \‘lli'i t it“ urirrriirgr' .rtitl lIIt'IiilNlllp
l'ii'ki'i jlill't'H .rrr' ‘M (iii gcrici'irl riflilil‘mlfili
and M lit) for stridr-iits it|i(l senior L‘IlI/i'liS

and tire .iynilulrli: .iI .ill (Zirrriiriumty Box Of-

fin: locations.

Flock of Seagulls opened the  UAS sponsored show and quickly
got the crowd moving with their danceable synth-pop sounds. Featur-
ing an innovative double keyboard/guitar line that constantly propell-
ed the music. Flock of Seagulls sounded harsher and more lively than
on their slower. synth-d‘omlnated records. ‘

"Telecommunication." a British hit. marked this difference wlth'its
cutting guitar rhythms and tonal U2-like leads that commanded the au-
dience's attention. The highlight of the 40 minute set was “l Ran." the
new 45. a guitar-powered song which illustrated Flock of Seagulls'
s n writln abllf .

0N2)“. Tofts andvthe Maytalls delighted the crowd with their brand of
reggae mixed with soul. Led by singer/showman Toots Hlbbert. and
backed by a tight 8-plece band. Toots started off hot with “Pressure
Drop." an early song covered by several groups including the Clash.

Hlbbert dazzled the crowd with his onstage dancing and rapport. en-
couraging them to join in his chants as the Maytalls laid down a soulful
beat. As the set progressed, though. the music became overly
repetitive. the playing less inspired. Some songs went on too long and

they ended every song the same way - a big finish. '

But just watching Toots Hlbbert onstage was to see one of Jamaica 5
most acclaimed singers. and that alone was worth the admission price.

Squeeze has proven itself with three successful LP’s. the best being
last year's Argybargy. But on East Side Story. the band began a
backward slide artistically (though achieving commercial success) and
their live performances have diminished as well.

Since keyboardist .lool Holland left the band last year. songwriters
Glenn 'l'ilbrook and Chris Dllford have led the band away from its
rollicking. energetic style. The songs on East Side Story sound flat and

unlnterestlng.

Sportan sungla
performed with little Intensity or emotion. Though they've
wrecklesa abandon in the past and were hilarious to watch as they jok-
ed with the crowd and each other. there was little sense of celebration
Saturday. I

Squeeze looked and sounded like a band that didnt care how they
were playlng. as long no they pleased the crowd. With Holland 3 depar-
ture. Squeeze has not only lost an excellent plano player. but their
whole stage personality.

A few bright moments were provided by "Vicky Verky." a beautiful
song highllghted by Tllbrook'o tender vocals: "ln Qulnteusence:" and -
rave up of “Tears of A Clown." But. these moments were separated by a
slew of boring. undanceable tracks from East Side Story.

Another problem with the set was a lack of vocal diversity. They used
to have three lead singers. Tllbrook. Holland and leford. but now with
Tllbrook doing all lead singing. the songs started to sound the name. FT

sees. a new image and a new popularity, Squeele
played with

 

.... .. ‘ ummmmmun“‘. H. __ , a.“‘,5!ﬂd

. "use... my,

usage-guise..." M an.

wax-

