  

 

seen... .. 1‘

3. “-4. _

.o‘.

w”

  

  

 

 

I-Aaupr Wu”

 «.1‘ivo-luleI—L'.i;vio\-.)ﬂ’bwlrl‘gh 131’
__,_......__.._——~ Maw—w...- AMW‘

 

  
   
   

N0 VEMBER 23. I 982

 

Union nips Albany in overtime to win tourney

 

ity Marc iiaspel
Slim” r turns

The Albarty State Great Dane basketball
team could not ltavc opened its l982-8]
season ill a more exciting fashiott. After
narrowly winning the first game of tire
Capital District Tip Off Tournamertt over
Ri’l 62-57. tlte Danes literally locked up
with ltost lhtiott (‘ollcge Dutchmen.
winners of tltcil preliminary gartte with
Western Connecticut. in tile title garlic
Saturday evening. it took 40 rtlitttitcs of
regulatiort little and tltrec additional the-
minute overtirrte periods to decide tlte tour-
tlartlertt chantps. in tile ertd. Lirtiott prevail-
ed 74.94 to will the tournament trophy.

“Before tltc game i said to liill Scarllon
(Union College ltead basketball coach) titat
I thought this garlte would probably go
tltree overtitltes." said Albany State head
coaclt Dick Sauers. “And it did."

 

[Entering the tltird overtittle session. tltc
two Capital District rivals were tied at 68
points a piece. Senior gtlard Joe Clinton.
the tournament's Most Valuable Player
with 22 points and five assists. opened the
scoring with ltis patented pull-tip juntp
shot. Albany State center John
Dicckelman. who struggled through his
worst tournament as a Great Dane, came
alive in the final period. He had two con-
secutive buckets to keep Albany in pace
with the Dr tt-limen brtt Dieckclman was
called for a foul underneath the hoop to
send Dutchman Kevin Bartlett to the foul
line. The 6'6" sophmorc ltit the
first of his two shots to put Union ahead to
stay.

Albany did not quit in its attempt to
regain the lead. Dattc Mike Gallo drove to
the basket and drew a two-shot fotrl frortt
Union forward Jelf l’eigclsttn. Gallo miss-
ed botlt chances attd Uttion reared back
with a Clinton bticket to make the score
75-72.

Clinton's counterpart Dart Croutier
rett'rned tllc favor by drivirtg to the ltoop
himself to bring tlte Danes back within one
point. For the sopltorttore gtiard. it was two
of his gatnc leading 24 points. Croutier also
had l0 assists. and two steals carttittg hint at
well deserved spot on the All-Tournament
team.

“He‘s quick." said Clinton of Croutier.
"He‘s the quickest guy l'vc ever played
against."

“1 think i refitted my ganlc tltis year."
said Croutier. “Everyone played a good
game. btit llte shots just weren't falling for
its."

Spikers fulfill goal by competin

iiy Mark Wllgiird

___‘___‘_ .i'lHlI‘ll'Rl/l’li ‘__

The women's volleyball teartt reached
their goal for the 1982 campaign as the
squad wrapped up its season this past
weekend by participating irl tlte NCAA
Championship and finishing third in the
E.i.A.W. tourney in Rhodc island.

Albany reached the semi-finals of the
E.i.A.W. tourney by finishing irl second
place in their pool of four teams. Seeded
fourth, the women spikers defeated fifth-
ranked Clark l5-7. 15-5. and Colby-Sawyer
l5-7. i7-5. before losing to top seed Rhodc
island l5-7. i5-lO.

in the semis. the Danes lost to M.i.T. in
an exciting live match duel 6-l5. 15-5.
1614. 9-l5, and 6-15. Coach Pat Dwyer
said that the game “we won 15-5 was the
best game of tile entire year." iie also
pointed out that “we had them and lost it."
Albany ended up tied for third in the tour-
nament and Dwyer was happy with the

 

r l--.4t=t.'.llyllr"t

 

 

  

 

 

 

WILL YURMAN UPS

Dane forward Wilson Thomas shown in an earlier scrimmage was named to
the Alt-Tournament team In the Capital District Tip Oil Tourney.

Croutier was joined on the All»
Tournament teattt by teamatc Wilson
Thomas. Union guard Joe Wood. RH for-
ward iircgntatt Jeffrics. attd Western (.‘on-
ttecticut's Dave Mitchell. it was the first
little that Dieckelrttatt was ttot rlartted to an
All-’i‘ourttatttcnt team itl his career in
Albany.

The fireworks exploded when Albany
took possession of tire ball after a rare miss
by Clinton. Trailing by one poittt aftcr
Crouticr's basket. Thomas drove the base
litle for art apparent two points. lint tltc
bucket was negated by a controversial
travelittg call.

"i did ltot see Wilson walk. He works on
his plrrltp fakes." Satrers said. “lint that's

fittislt. “Our goal for the scilsml was to be
lit the top four itt the rcgiott. trttd we are»
cotltplisltcd that.’I

On Friday. ill the first round of the
NCAA Championships, Albany bowed to
M.l.T. lS-9, 15-2. 15-10. According to
Dwyer. “the t ‘(ilii tltade a lot of mistakes."
Dwyer also added that all year “our trtaitl
goal was to play well attd winning was a by-
product of that. But tonight. winning was
the goal. and therefore we played
terrible."

A bright spot over the weekend was the
play of izlllubctlt Roscttlel. who was named
to the All-Tournament learn. it was the se-
cortd titne in as many years that Rosentel
has made All-State.

All ill all. Coach Dwyer was very satisfied
with the year his women spikcrs had. "it
was a great season. and we had it lot of furl.
it was an enjoyable experience itll the way

tltrouglt." i I

only one call."

With little trtnnirtg otit. Darlc guard Dave
Adatlt fouled Ken D’Orazio who sank botlt
free throws to widen Union's lead to three
points. A lrtst second foul by Dieekeltriatt
on l)'()t'a‘/.io settt the Union forward to the
littc and lie successfully sank two more fortl
shots to give Union its final five—point
margin of victory.

The Dattcs ltad two consecutive chances
to crtd the game itt tlte first two overtittlcs.
lrt tltc first extra period the Danes were
leadirtg 64-62 after Croutier was credited
with a bucket because Union was called for
goaltending. After a Uniott timeout. Wood
ltit a 17 foot hase‘ litle jurnpshot over
defender (latto to knot the scorittg once

Y

 

    

 

again.

"I was discouraged after that first over-
time." said Gatto. "I got a piece of the bull
and expected it to fall sltort. But when i
turned around. it went in.“

Wltlt four seconds rcnlaitting. Albany
'rtllcd timeout. After the pause. the Dattcs
attacked attd Croutier put up a jump shot
that bounced around the rittl and brick
board artd fell ltatlttlessly to tile floor as
little expired.

ill the second overtitnc period. (‘toutict
sank a bucket from the foul line to cvett the
score at (iii-(iii. l-'cigc|son of Union drove to
the hoop. but his sltot was no good arid the
Danes took control with a tttiltrrtc to go.
Albany waited for the last sllot artd Adam
was designated to lllkt.‘ it. Once again. the
final Albany sltot bounced around the ritlt
but didn't fall itt tlle basket sending the
game lrtto its third overtime.

“It was a good play." Sttuers said of
Adam's atterttpt to end tlte grtttte. “We
practice it just like that."

“We ltad a couple of cllattces to will the
game."

“i was nervous every time that tlley ltad
the ball." added Clinton. "i guess
everything ettded up our way."

Albany made up a 41-35 halftime deficit
by scoring to straight points early in the sc-
cond half. The lead shifted during the half
several times. Witlt 53 seconds remaining in
the second half. Dieckelman took a pass
from Croutier and scored from underneath
the hoop. Union took the ball over but with
it seconds left on the regulation clock
Croutier drew an offensive foul from Clin-
ton, his first of the game. The ball went
back to Albany. biit the Danes failed to
break the tie..

Tile Dalles had a difficult time with their
first opponents on Friday night. After a
relatively easy opetlittg lttill‘ irt which the
Danes bolted ottt tort 30-16 lead. the Danes
saw that cusltion deflate as Rl’i mounted a
comeback. Jeffries. who played all ex-
celiettt ganlc against Albany hit a 17-foot
jump sltot to bring the [Engineers within one
point, 52-5]. The Engineers stayed close to
the Danes as Mike (iiattnaccini hit an out»
side shot with just 22 seconds left to play.
’i'hat‘artd Adatll kept the Danes itt front
during Ri’l's‘ surge.

"l'd say that the free throws tvotl the
game." said Adattt. “livery little they cantc
dowtt the court they were goittg to score. so
if we didn't score we‘d lose."

Tltat first game of the tourttatncnt saw
the ctttcrgettce of Thomas as it corttplete

15>

gin nationals

ALAN CALEM UPS

The splkera wrapped up their season by finishing third in the EIAW tournament

and participating In the NCAAs.

 

  

 

VOLUME LXIX

 
 

Tuesday

$5353sz November 23, 1982

NUMBER 39

 

 

SUNY faces budget problems in tough decade

Editor '5 note: the fol/o wing is part one of
it two part ill-depth report on the State
University of New York.

by MlEhaei—f’ w“
.stalt I'Ii '

  

"The academic year [970-7] was one of
dt’llft' tlllt/ .smtletilltas painful adjustment.
ll’hili- It'll.i‘ of thousands . . . sought ltd/nir-
sinn to the State University. . . . we were
confronted wit/l rt fiscal crisis of fairly
\i'rious' proportions. Abrupt/y. the Ulliver~
lit v was forced to red. .'.v its future glut/x
and reduce several ongoing programs.

"Such rapid reevaluation created curr-
\idr'rrtir/e uncertainty and new lens-ions.
.‘l/rnoxt overnight. it seemed, the State
University. like most other institutions of
higher learning. ended rm era of rapid
growth and sustained support and entered a
period of more measured growth and more
cautious funding. "

— SUNY Chancellor Ernest L. Boyer
from the 1970-7] Chancellor's Report

 

 

Chancellor iioyer could itot have known
itow bad things would be in l970-7l — or
how bad they were to get. The “new

realities," as Boyer called them were a .

shock after the State University's rapid eb-
pansion in tile preceeding two decades.

When the State University was forrtled in

was to serve New York State's returning
veterans. the possibilities
for the rtrttion's first 
“decentralized” state
university seemed Budget
litltitiess. With Nelson A.
Rockefeller as governor when the state's
"gentlcmetl‘s agrccrnctlt" rtot to compete
with the state's private colleges ended. the
funds that poured irtto SUNY consmrction
and devettipittertt it scented. would never
ettd.

The inflation and recessions oi' the ’70s'.
ltowevcr. have tightened the state budget.
The State University has seen the ctld of
those seemingly limitless possibilities rtttd
has been left with fctvcr attd rltorc difficult
decisions,

Rapid growth
in l946. a coirttttissiott established by the

 

It all 
a]

 

 

 

Inset: clltton Wharton; SUNY Central building
Inﬂation and recession of the 70 '5 ha ve lightened thel state budget, leaving SUN Y with some difﬁcult decisions.

state legislature found that less than half of
the state students ranking lit the top quarter
of their high scltooi classes would attend
college. Tire cost of education was a major
factor. the commission fortrtd. At the time.
New York was the only state then iii the
country without a public university. To-
day. the (>4 campus system is the nation's
largest.

Willie 96 percent of SUNY‘s 380.000
students are state residents. tltree of five
state high school graduates attettditlg col-
lege leave the state. according to the SUNY
Chancellor ('lit‘ton R. Wharton. .lr. Yet. he
emphasites. there is at SUNY catltptts within
50 miles of nearly every state resident. "and
i don‘t know of a subject that you can't
study at some institution."

Tlte growth of SUNY was littlitcd in the
'50s by it “gentleman's agreement" with
the state's private colleges ttttd uttiversitics.
The agreement allowed SUNY to grant

liberal arts degrees only frorn the college at
Binghamton. SUNY did. however. found
the upstate and downstate medical centers
and a number of conlmuttity colleges.

Wltll Rockefeller as governor iii the '60s.
development of the State University ac-
celerated. Ftttlittlcd were the four riniversi»
ty centers at Buffalo. Albany. Stony iitook
attd liingltatttlon. tnost of tile 30 conitttutti-
ty colleges. half a do/cn agricultural and
technical colleges. several speciali/cd col-
leges. and it handful of statutory colleges.
which are operated t'ointly by SUNY arid
the private colleges at which they are
located. A doten colleges of liberal arts
and sciences. including l-‘rcdonia State
University. were developed mainly front es-
isling teacher‘s colleges. lll tctt years.
SUNY enrollment quadrupled.

in two decades. $1.3 billion had been
spent constructing the rtltl\cr'sll) system 7—
atl accomplishment The New i'tlr/r l'itni's

has called “one of the most dramatic feats
in American higher education."

The Titties also called SUNY‘s design "a
combination of llappenstance. politics and
occasional planning," citing the location of‘
campuses on already existing private college
campuses or witcre a community college
sponsor could be found. and political
reasons for spreading campuses
geographically around the strtte.

An arguable resitlt of this “decentraliza-
tiott" ltas licen what some argttc is a "level-
ing effect." liccausc there are so many
campuses. the argttmettl goes. the politics
of giving rttorc to one carltptrs tltatt artotltcr
will prevent arty ortc campus frortt being
"great." Willi cttrrcrtt slate uttderfuttding.
the argument is ttow tiscd to predict the
detcrioratiott of the entire systcttt. sittce all
carrtpuscs must “suffer equally."

Another issttc oftcrt argued is whether

11 >

Persecuted black Jews struggling in Ethiopia

 

r.‘

 

 

 

 

LOIS MAT TAiIONI UPS

barn Gailin

l3
' l-‘tt/ushttr are facet

 

 

 

ed.

on horses and turtles.

_ own land."

liy David Michrtt s
V V V V 7—H” Lt‘l/l llVls'ltthrl

'l'ltc plight of black Ethiopian Jews who hate bcert
persecuted for centuries and who long for immigration to
lsracl was revealed last night to it group of fit) people
lit a (‘arttpus (‘cnter meeting room by .lSUllillel’s grtest
speaker liarbatit (ial'fin. as part of her continuing effort to riott.
educate and rrtotivatc people to action.

No one is sure how .lews clinic to sclilt‘ iti l‘tltiopirt. said
Littffirt. btit added. “most people tltirtk that they took a
different route from Moses arid the otltcrs in tile iisodus
froltt i-Igypt." llecausc they were isolated from mainstream
.lridaisrtt. they adhere only to the laws of the Torah. and
their religious rituals are ittflttcttecd by those of other
i’tlliopirrns. They don't have liar Mil/volts. Liril'lin observ-

Lirrffilt. who recently returned front a trip to i-.thiopia.
said that the Ethiopian jews. called l:itlil5llits. are forbidden
to emigrate by tile government.
site was wrtrrtcd the villages were off limits to tourists,
l-lowcvcr. Griffin was able to find someone to take lter to
the villages. via a three day trip over the Siltticns trtountains

(iaffitt explained that starting in the lSlh century. the
littlasltas have cotrtc trrtdcr attack front Christian arid
Muslim forces. and were forbiddctt to own lttttd. She ex-
plained that Fttlusltrt. translated. means “one who does not

(iafl'itt observed that the i’alshas are now itt ail especially

 

on - precarious situation. Since the Marxist revolution irt
i-‘tliiopizi in I974. (‘iirffin said. the l~'a|ashrts have been
caught iii the crossfire betwecrt the goterntrtcnt arid the
rebels. " They each thought the lialtrshas were on the other
side.“ She noted that large massacres ot' the i-‘ulaslias have
taken place. and now they are faced with potential annihila-

llt addition. she said. iltc governor of tile (iottdar pro»
virtcc. where most l‘ttiitslttls live. is anti-Zionist. and sub»
jecrs them to indiscriminate itnprisortntent and torture.
Liafl'in added that a program offering food and medical
aid has been strspcttdcd and reported finding problems of
malnutrition artd disease among the group.

2500 l-‘alasltas ltavc managed to emigrate to isracl. Griffin
estimated. artd said many ltave acculturalcd quickly due

to their “fervent rcligioils Zionism." .

Dining her trip. she said pian cttltrtrc.

'ihe l’ahrsltas. slte continued. accept everything tltc
lsr'aeiis teaclt. and sortie even completely give tip the Ethio-

lirrt malty isrrtclis. (iafl‘iit said. don't believe the Falashas
are .lcws. because of their apparent ittterrrlarrittgcs. Before
I975 tlte law of Return. which states that all Jews have the

rigltt to live itt israel. was rtot applicable to the Falashas.

Lirit't‘in said site is now following what a Fttitrshrl itt lsracl
advised ltcr to do: “Tell the world what is happening."
“The lack ol' attention by the Jewish eotttnlttrtity is hor-
rendous." site said. adding that site is cotltmitted to getting

a movement going to educate people on tile Falasha's

"holocaust."

Ll

   
   

 
 
      

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
     
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
    
  
 
  

Wig)-.-“  — '4 - — —

        
            

 

 

  

