 

 

 
     

    
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
    
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
     
 
   
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
    
   
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
    
     
     
       
   
  
  
  
   
 

 

 

By Marc Berman
STAFF WRITER

 

A new era in Albany State men's tennis has
begun.

it was launched earlier this week, as the
Danes split their first two meets of the 1983
fall season. losing to West Point 7-2. before
walloplng Oneonta 8-0.

Gone from the old era. which produced
four SUNYAC Championships. are four
graduated starters who were all instrumental
in the team's dominance over the other
SUNY schools. Captain Fred Gaber, Barry
Levine. David Lerner and Lawrence Eiclrcn
have all graduated. All four set numerous
records in their four year stays.

But just as importantly. the Danes will be
without the strong leadership of 14-year
veteran coach Bob Lewis for the fall season.

Lewis told the club two days before prac-
tice that he would be rrnable to serve as coach
in the fall due to a back injury. He was
operated on last Tuesday and is resting at
Memorial Hospital.

In a hasty decision. .lim Serbalikr last
year's i'ntcrim women's tennis coach. was
tabbed as this fall's men's interim coach.

Serbalik. who was offered the job the first
day of practice, is coping with the bizarre
situation well.

“They were in a tight bitrd and they needed
sotrreotre immediately." Serbalik said. l‘l ctr-
joy coaching anti l feel 1 have the experience
it‘orn last year to do a decent job."

Lewis, despite ltis condition, has been a
great help to the new coach. lessening what
would have been a very messy situation.

t-—- Sports
Manager sought

Basketball coach Dick Sauers is looking
for a manager for this year's Great Dane
team. Anyone interested in the position
should contact Sauers at the gym in PE 231
or call him at 457-4526.

 

r

 

 

26 Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS r: SEPTEMBER 23.!983

New-look netmen split opening tw

 

 

 

UPS
Deb Latte and the women’s tennis
team beat Slena, 7-1.

Women netters win

The Albany State women’s tennis team
opened its fall season with a 7-1 thrashing
of visiting Siena Tuesday afternoon.

Deb Leffe, Joan Phillips. Mindy Harts-
tein. Lauren lsaacs anti Ellen Yun won
singles matches. while the teams of
Hartstein-Phillips and Yon-Nina Cheung
won doubles matches. One other doubles
match was called due to darkness.

  

“I’ve spoken to Lewis on the phone many
times and he's taken care of most of the ad-
ministrative responsibilities. leaving me with
just the tennis end to worry about,"Serbalik
said.

And "worry" is just what Serballk might
be doing for most of the season. it appears
that the days are gone when SUNYAC
Championships came to Albany as easily as
U.S. Opens come to Jimmy Connors. The
Danes' quest for their fifth straight
SUNYAC Championship. to be held this
year at Albany on October 8. will depend on
many factors. With four of last year‘s
starters‘graduatcd. many question marks are
present.

Four of the six singles spots will be oc-

‘cupied by returning sophomores. all of

whom played sparingly in their freshman
seasons. Can four sophomores handle the
pressure of winning another SUNYAC title?

"They have some experience from last year
atrd I've already seen improvement in only
ten days of practices." said the new coach.
“Our season will depend on how these
sophomores tnnture trs the season progresses.
and how well they will adjust to the stiffer
cotrtpetition that they‘ve faced in tire past."

Serbalik is pleased so far with the leader-
ship provided by his two scnior captains,
Dave Ulrich and Rob Karen. the only return-
ing starters from last year‘s learn.

Ulrich will move up to first singles for the
first titnc in his career. while Karen will re-
main stationed at the rrtrrrrbcr tlrrce singles
slot.

The rest of the singles littettp will consist of

the sophomores: second singles. Tom

Briefs

“We have a lot of depth." said lrertd
coach Mari Warner about her team this
season. “This kind of win early in the year
is good for us.”

Albany‘s match against Oneonta on
Wednesday 'was rained out. Their rrcxl
rrratch is tomorrow at 2:00 at Plattsburgh.

New field entrance

For those attending tomorrow‘s football
game. admission to the game will be dif-
ferent than previous years. A fence has
been built around the ﬁeld and two admis-
sion gates will be in operation. Spectators
can enter University Field through a mum.
ed gate on top of the hill across from the
gym or at the Dutch Quad side of the gym.
in addition. there will be a ticket booth on
the side of the gym. Purple and Gold
members will be directing and assisting peo-
ple before and during the game. While
University Gym will be open, there will be
no access from the gym to the field.

A third gate at the lndian Quad side of
the gym will be opened at a later time this
year. '

Upcoming events

Looking to open their 110an season wilt.
their first win of the year. the Danes host
the 0-2 Brockport Eagles tomorrow at
University Field. Kickoff is set for 1:30
pm... The men's soccer team traVcls to
Cortland tomorrow for a key conference
game against the Red Dragons. After drop-
ping their opening game, the booters have
rebounded with a pair of shutout wins...
The women’s soccer team will host the Red
Raiders of Colgate tomorrow beginning at
11:30 a.m.... The men’s cross country team
travels to Williams College this afternoon
to compete in a three-way meet with the
host school and the University of
Vermont... The women's cross country
team will host the Colonials of Binghamton
tomorrow in a meet starting at 2:00 p.m....
The menfs tennis team will host the Great
Dane Tennis Classic today and tomorrow.
The netmen have split their first two dual

meets... After opening their season with a ,

big win over Sierra. the women's tennis
team looks to up their record to 2-0 with a
match at Plattsbnrglr tomorrow... The
Great Datre invitational will be hosted by
the women’s volleyball tcunr tomorrow.
night in University Gym.

Schmltz; fourth'singles, Dave Grossman;
fiﬁh singles. Jay Eisenberg; and sixth singles.
Mike Dormansky.

The doubles alignment will have Ulrich
paired with Grossman at first doubles.
Shmitz-Karen at the second spot. and
Elsenberg-Dormansky playing third.

The 1-1 Danes will play four more dual .

meets and host three tournaments, including
the seventh annual Great Dane Classic which
began this morning at 9 a.m. Sixteen teams
were expected.

The Danes will also host the ECAC tour‘

.t\s.-\\
-\\

 

 

 

 

 

  

‘ "was; as..-

swarm.» a a: 10

  

0 matches

nament from September 30~OCtober l. and
finally. the most prestigious tournament — at
least in the Danes’ eyes - will be the
SUNYAC Championship held here on Oc-
tober 8.

The Danes would love to win their ﬁfth
straight SUNYAC title. but it won't be as

'easy as previous years. Binghamton appears

to be the team that the Danes must overcome
if they want to reach their goal.

"They're going to be awfully tough." said
Serballk. “From what l'vc seen and heard.
they might be the only team in our way." D

x. “m.
\ \_ \. \‘\.\ \.\.\r
t - ~.. \A

\xx
\.

 

 

UPS

Dave Ulrich Is one of only two returning members to this year’s men’s tennis
team. The netmen are out to defend their SUNYAC Championship.

Women harriers beaten

 

By Keith Murder

 

1983 is expected to bc a rebuilding year for
the Albany State women's cross-country
tcarrr. After a very successful carrrpaign last
year. the Danes have lost four of their top
runners to tratrsfcr attd graduation. Also, the
tcatrr will temporarily be witlrorrt the services
of Dorttra llurnhum. a very gifted rtttttrer,
who srrffered an injury in the team's first
trrcet and will not start rrrnnirrg again for at
least a week. Retttrtriug from last year‘s
powerlrotrse squad are captains Betty Dzam-
ha and Karen Kurtlry. in additionJo two-time
letter winners Erma George and Kim Patch.
Also returnng is Carla Dochanty, who is
now rceovcritrg from a slight. case of
mononucleosis.

The new faces which round out this inex-
perienced group are transfer Carolyn Collins
from Cazcnovia Contmunity College, and
rreshtnen Maura Malron. Kitty Sullivan,
Evettc Runcic. Cris Varley, Anne Fergusen
and Anita Heath. These girls all have enor-
mous potential but must get some more ex-
perience to help this team regain its status of
last year.

Albany has already had one scrimmage
and two meets. Their first competition was a
scrimmage against Cobleskill on September
12 in which the Great Danes were defeated
26-29. Albany was led by Knrtlry. who

 

lﬁ‘lwz’twt‘ﬂah'th-xr .

covered the 3.1 rtrilc distance itr 19:49. Their
first official meet was a fotrr tcanr meet
against three tough New England teams,
Middlebnry College, Bates College and
Williams College. Albany was again led by
Kurtlry. who carrre itr fourth place. as the
Danes lost to Williams by one point. But the
loss scented secondary to the loss of But-
nlram, one of Albany's top runners, who was

injrtrcd itt this tncct. The scoring of the meet

was Middlcbttry 25. Dates 45, Williams 83,
and Albany 84. Coach Ron White said after-
wards. “We could have beaten Williams with
a little betcr team effort. Durirtg the last mile
they put some pressure on orrr athletes and
they didn't respond too well."

On September 20 the team had their se-
cond official nrcet where they were invited to
Hamilton College along with R.P.l. The
Danes. who came in third. were again led by
Kurthy. who ran the 3.3 mile course in 20:41
in blistering 88 degree heat. which was a
superb time as it currently ranks nutnbcr 22
on the all time list at Hamilton.

This slow start has not alarmed coach
White. who says. “1 would rather have my
team peak at the end of the season rather
than being inconsistent or sliding at the end.
This is a team with a lot ofpotential with a lot
of room for improvement. and they have a
chance to go from nothing to something."

Albany's n'ext meet is Saturday at home
against 13inglramton beginning at 2:00 p.m.[]

~ .mwm n 

.. A .13.; .;..-. was,"

"ex-Hanan: .5_ ~

 

 

 

 

 

By Mark Wil‘gard
STAFF WRITE
E—
Trresday was just one of those days when
nothing would go right for the Albany State
women's soccer team. The team van broke
down on their way to the match in ltlraca.
They arrived there only ten minutes before
ganrc trnre. Co-captain Dee Marfc hurt her

 ankle and missed most of the game. And
_' Albany was demoralized by the home tearrr.

“it was a bad all-around day." noted
frustrated head coach Amy Kidder.

The game was delayed 40 minutes to allow
Albany warm-ups. Once they got started. llre
Great Danes pttt tremendous pressure on
“haul. who was finding it difficult to get the
ball out of its own end. "During the first 15
Inmates, 1 thought to myself. ‘wc‘rc going to
kill these guys’ ” Kidder said. But then
Marfc went down with her injury and the
panes fell apart. “Everyone stopped runn-
"18. We sat back and played defense. atrd
never pushed the ball forward. We totally

 

.. ﬂopped playing soccer," explained Kidder.

lshc did point out a corrple of fine perfor-

 

 

 tnanees, tlrortglr. “Sue Slagel did a great job
» dl striker, and Karen Strritlr (stopper back)
.was one of the few players running.”

Albany only trailed 1-0 at the half, but be

- Support
Great Danes sports

See Albany take on Brockporl,
kickoff 1:30 tomorrow on University field.

so maesstcu UPS

The men's cross country team has fared very well In Its competition with some
Ivery tough schools, including a first-ever win over East Stroudsburg.

ing orttslrot 22-4 for the ttratch is an indica-
tiotr of how hard it was for them to generate
arty offense. Kidder said, “We never tested
their goaltender and never got off a decent
shot.”

This game was a complete ttrrrrarontrd
front last Thursday‘s 2-1 victory over Skid-
more. in that match. the Danes had a great
advantage in sltots on goal (44-17). atrd that
helped them come up with a wirt. Marfc
tallied first at 31:00 of the opening half. Ear-
ly irr the second italf. Skidtrrorc tied it ttp on a
goal off an Albany defender. “That prrt trs a
little bit in the hole,” Kidder said. We had
been really dominating up to that point."
This set the stage for the game wintrer. which
Kim Kosalck scored at 4:56 of the second
overtime. Kidder praised Marl'c. Lisa an
and Dana Slant for their fine play. “They
were the work horses of the team. They each
did a tremendous job."

The upcoming picture looks very challeng—
itrg for the 22 Danes. Tomorrow. Colgate
will visit Albany to provide the tough cont-
pctition. Then Sicna comes to town before a
big match next Saturday at Cortland. whom
Kidder labeled as “awesome. Hopefully we'll
pick up a few games before that rtratclt. and
feel a lot better. We'll just lrttvc to sift
tlrrotrglr the excuses and rtrake things work
for us," she added. 1 l

 

SEPTEMBER 23.1983 :1 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

: Hariers hit toughCompetition in full stride

 

By Tom Kacatides ‘
ASSOCIATFSPORTSEDITUR

 

Two meets into the season. the Albany
State men‘s cross-country team has
demonstrated surprising strength and depth.
A young, untested Albany team travelled to
West Point last Friday where they lost to
Division 1 powerhouses Army and Syracuse.
but came out on top in a duel with Division 11
East Stroudsburg State. The Danes con-
tinued their winning ways last Wednesday
with a big victory over Division l Seton Hall.

Friday's individual winner was Syracuse’s
Jim O'Connell. who covered the five-mile
Army course in a near record 24:34. Syracttse
outscored Albany 15-48 as well as beating Ar-
my and East Stroudsbtrrg. The race was a
very fast one with Syracuse and Army battl-
lrrg up front and the Albany-East
Stroudsburg duel going on behind.

“This is the first tlrrre in our duel meet
history with East Strorrdsbrrrg that we've
beaten them; they're always a strong team.
btrt we‘ve gotten strong too. I'm very pleased
with this team." Head Coach ltob Munscy
commented. Tire Danes outscored [inst
Stroudsburg 25-31.

Tltc East Stroudsburg runners \vcnt ottt
fast and Albany juniors 13d McGiil. .litrr 15r-
win. atrd Chris Cttllaci went with tlrctrr. Tire
Danes second pack of runners lrnng fattlrer
back atrd moved rrp slowly. in the third mile.
lit-win passed East Strorrdbrrrg's thirtl rrratr
and narrowed the oppositiotr‘s win margin.
Later. soplrotrrore Craig Parlato. Albany‘s
fourth rttnner. passed East Stroudsburg’s
fiftlr trrarr atrd tied the score. Soon after.
junior Tonr Kacandes passed the sarrrc man,
locking up the win.

McCrili finished first for the Danes takitrg
22nd place overall in 27:04 with Erwin right
behind him crossing the line in 27:06. Callnci
finished 25111 overall in 27:19. with Parlato
and Kacatrdes in pursuit finishing in 27:31
atrd 27:48 respectively. Said Callaci,“Our
first live gttys finished close together with a
spread of only 44 seconds between us. if you
cart run in a pack like we did, then it's hard
for other teams to score on you."

Friday's victory was a very'important in-
dicator of the strength and consistent talent
that characterizes this year’s squad. “We are

a stronger team than last year." said Munscy.
“We’ve got tough veterans and a great bunch

 

of new kids. 1t was our depth that put as past
Seton Hall."

Wednesday the Dane barriers beat the
Pirates of Seton Hall by a score of 25-35 on a
very soggy 4.75-m11e course at Garret Moun-
tain State Park in New Jersey. Wet condi-
tions prevailed throughout the race and slow-
ed the runners‘ times somewhat. Erwin noted
that. “The guys were psyched. so we didn't
let the weather bother us; we wanted to win."

Seton Hall took the ﬁrst two places. but

the Danes ran in two packs and took the next
five positions to take the meet. Erwin took
over for Albany about mid-race to lead the
first Dane pack across the line. Erwin ﬁnish-
ed irr 26:16 followed by McGill in 26:24 and
Cullttcl in 26:34. “They had two guys on
scholarship otrt in front of me and 1 just
couldn't catch tlrcm."exp|alned Erwin.
_ Freshman Mike Haus ran well lcadlrrg the
second Dunc pack with his sixth place tinish
overnli. Soplrotrrore Chuck Bronner atrd
freshman Todd James bounced back from
bad perl‘orrrutnces Friday to finish seventh
and clglrtlr respectively on Wednesday.
Sophomore Greg lilourrt rotrndcd out the
pack as Albany’s scvcrrtir man itr his varsity
dchttt.

’l‘lre Dancs' record now stands at 2-2
against their early season Division | and 11
cotrrpetition. "it‘s really tough to run against
scholarship runners. but it makes you tottglr
mentally." llrorrnet explained,"aud it's grctrt
when yotr can bettt those guys." inspired run-
rritrg has served the Danes well so far.
“We're it very young team attd there‘s an ex-
lrtrbcrarree among the guys you cart feel."
said Callaci."Enthusiasm can make the dif-
ference sometimes."

One factor irr the Datres‘ futttre success will
be the return of sophomore lan Clements.
who ran itr the nttrrrber one spot for Albany
last year, but sat out the last two nreets
treating what might be tendonitis in his
knees. With Clements up front. the Danes

could have a big year. Said Munsey.“Tlrere's'

no doubt that lan would make a big con-
tribution to our attack, but 1'm very cn-
couraged that we've been winning without a
big gun like Clements; that’s depth."

Clements will run with the team today
when the Danes travel to Williams college for
a three-way meet against Division 1 Universi-
ty of Vermont and host Williams.

Women ’s soccer team upended by Ithaca, 3-0

 

 

 

The

L

' UPS
women s soccer team had a disappointing day at lthaca. tailing to the
3-0 after opening the your by beating Skldmore in overtime.

M

 
  

