 

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
     
  
  
    
  
  
 
 
 
 

 

 
  
 
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
   

WIN-NW. _.‘\

 r~...-«..mc...- -v

   
    
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
 

 

 
  

._~.~.‘_~ -..>.._......... Mu...“

' 2 'ALBANY STUDENEPRESS Ill MARCH :3. '1983

WORLDWIDE
_

. Pope In Guatemala

I Guatemala City, Guatemala
(AP) Pope John Paul yesterday challenged
Guatemala's military president to uphold dire
process of law and protect human life. Days
before the pontiff‘s arrival. the president ig-
nored his pleas for clemency and ordered the
execution of six convicted terrorists.

“I urge government leaders. especially
those who feel in their hearts the ﬂame of
Christian faith. to carry out measures so
justice can reach the less protected." the
pope said at an open-air Mass for 500.000

people.

The homily immediately followed the
pope's private meeting with President Efraim
Rios Montt. a born-again Christian whose
rightist regime is under attack by leftist guer-
rillas. John Paul had pleaded for clemency in
the case of the six terrorists. who were con-
victed in a secret trial. but Rios Monti said he
was “obliged to carry otit the law" and have
them shat.

On the fourth stop of his eight-nation tour.
the pope started the day by greeting
Guatemala's 60-memhcr Polish community.
Then he visited the 18th-century cathedral.
with Central America‘s only cardinal. Mario
Casaricgo. The 74-year-old Guatemalan is
known as a conservative who sharply
criticizes priests who engage in politics — in
line with papal directives.

UN summit proposed

New Delhi, India
(AP) Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi
said today the world "is balancing on the
brink” and suggested that all heads of state
gather at the United Nations later this year to
tackle major global problctns.

Mrs. Gandhi. addressing the opening ses-
sion of the seventh conference of non-aligned
countries. said the future of mankind was
jeopardised by the threat of nuclear
holocaust and economic collapse.

To strengthen the United Nations to face
the crisis, she said. heads of state should con-
sider attending the U.N. General Assembly
session this year and “spend a week or to
days together to give a fresh collective look at
some of the major problems of the world."

Mrs. Gandhi. who succeeded Fidel Castro
of Cuba as chairman of the non-aligned con-
ference. touched on a wide range of issues in
her address and made an impassioned plea
for nuclear disarmament.

“Humankind is balancing on the brink of
the collapse of the world economic system
and annihilation through nuclear war." she
said. “Never before has the earth faced so
much death and danger." .

One-hundred non-aligned countries are
participating in the summit. and 70 of them
are represented by their heads of state or
heads of government.

NTIONWIDE

 

FBI rules relaxed
Washinglon. D.C.
(AP) Attorney General William French
Smith relaxed the rule governing FBI
stirveillance of domestic groups that advocate
social change through violence. .
The new rules. announced Monday.
replace guidelines issued by Attorney General
Edward Levi in I976. which were designed to

PVIEW OF

A recital at organ music. featuring
Mary Fischer Lar.drum of Bristol.
Tennessee, will be held In the
sanctuary of First United
Methodist Church. 603 State St..
Schenectady. on Sunday. March
13. at 4 p.m.
A mathematics Colloquium entitled
"Randomization: a Historical
Review" will be presented by Dr.
,Glenn Shaler, on Friday. March 11.
at 4 p.m.. in ES 140.

New 0am“. games which develop
trust and cooperation. will be ex-

 

r

curb a series of abuses by the FBI uncovered
by congressional committees. The commit-t
tees found that during the~l9605 and early
I970s the FBI inﬁltrated anti-Vietnam War
groups. civil rights groups and the women's
liberation movement: conducted illegal
breakdnstand tried to disrupt such organiza—
tions and undermine their leaders. including
Martin Luther King Jr.

Smith said tlte new guidelines for in-
vestigating dontestlc security and domestic
terrorism cases. which take effect March 21.
"will clarify the standards governing these in-
vestigations and reaffirm the importance of
gathering criminal intelligence about
violence-prone groups while retaining ade-
quatetprotections for lawful and peaceful
political dissent."

U.S. Rep. Don Edwards, D-Calif.. chair-
man of the House Judiciary subcommitteeon
civil and constitutional rights. said he would
hold hearings on the new rules.

Salvador aid sought
Washington. D. C.
(AP) Ambassador to El Salvador Deane Hin-
ton says the Salvadoran army can win its war
with leftist guerrillas if it gets more aid from
the United States.
“With resources. this army can Iiold."
Hinton said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week
With David Brinkley" program. “They're

 

not about to lose."

 

 

r

President Reagan. meanwhile. has invited
congressional leaders to! the White House
Tuesday morning to discuss his plans to seek
a $60 million Increase in military aid for El
Salvador.

Presidential spokesman Larry Speakes said
today the president will have most likely
decided by then what course to take. Reagan
can seek the money through a congressional
appropriation. shift already appropriated
funds or spend the money from an emergen-
cy fund. without getting specific congres’
sional approval.

STATEWIE

Corning attack mlld

Baslon, Massachusetts

(AP) Albany Mayor Erastus Corning [I
suffered a “quiet heart attack" last week at
University Hospital here but did not require
resuscitation. a hospital spokeswoman said
Sunday.

Spokeswoman Marilyn Davis said the
75‘year-old Corning “suffered a small heart
attack earlier in the week." Corning has been
hospitalized in Boston since October for
treatment of chronic respiratory problems.

She said doctors informed her the mild at-

 

 

tack dId not damage his heart.

The mayor has been listed In guarded con.
dition since Friday. when doctors noticed a
swelling of his stomach and higher blood en-
zyme levels. Doctors said then those two con-
ditions could have been caused by either an
abdominal infection or a mild heart attack.

Ms. Davis said a catheter was implanted in
Coming’s chest to measure heart and lung
functions and that he continues to breathe
with the aid of a respirator.

Strike closes railroad

New York

(AP) The briefcase joined the lunch bag
and mink brushed against polyester Monday
as a conductors“ strike shut down the Metro-
North railroad. forcing tens of thousands of
commuters from the city’s northern suburbs
to use the subway to reach Manhattan.

The rest of the 90,000 commuters who
usually ride Metro-North made the trip by
car. bus or limousine. except for some wlrt)
apparently stayed home on the first day of
the strike over management's right to set
crew sizes.

The walkout came nearly a week after
trainmen struck the NJ. Transit rail system.
forcing 70.000 commuters from New Jersey
to find alternate means of transportation into
New York.

The affected trains run from New York ('i»
ty to Westchestcr. Putnam and Dillellcss
counties in New York and Ftiirficltl anti Ncw
I'Iuvcn counties in Connecticut.

Transit cuts opposed

New York
(AP) The Reagan administration is going
bttck on its recent pronrisc to help improve
mass transit. Metropolitan Transportation
Authority Chairman Richard anitcli told it
congressional panel Monday.

Rtivitcli was objecting to a proposal to cut
federal mass transit aid by about $900
million.

He told a House committee during u hear-
ing at the World Trade Center that he had
been pleased when Presldeiit Reagan signed
into law the added S-ccnt-pcr-gtilion gasoline
tax. which would raise SI billion for cttpitttl
improvement on mass transit.

But the Reagan administration's newly
released federal budget proposal would
reduce the subsidies granted in another tircu.
transit operations.

Ravitch said it was difficult for public
agencies to plan future IlllprtWL'lllL‘llh
because federal aid is unpredictable.

Abrams cuts offices

A/hrr/ri'
(AP) State Attorney General Robert Abrams
announced plans Monday to close three ol
his regional offices and lay off at least )5
workers to help cut costs in the sltllc's
Department of Law.

Abrams said those actions. pltis other cost-
ctitting measures. were necessary to help
riicci a $i.36 million reduction in his deputi-
mcnts spending proposed by Gov. Mario
Cttomo.

The state Legislature could. of course.
refitsc to accept Cuomo's recommendations.

Offices would be closed in Wateriowii.
Auburn arid Monticello under Abrtiiiis' pltui.
In addition. plans to open a “badly needed"
office in Westchcster County Iiave been
scrapped. according to aides of the attorney
general.

Cuomo's proposed 1983-84 state btidgct
calls for the department to receive $40.8
million. The attorney general says he needs at
least $42.l million to maintain all of his staff
and continue existing programs next year.

 

EVENTS

plalned and demonstrated by Mary
Ellen Clancy. In the Russel Sage
College gym. 140 New Scotland
Ava. Albany. on Wednesday.
March 9. at 4 pm.

“How to get into law school" will
be the topic of a discussion led by- p.m.. In ES 152.
Lisa Goldwaaser. attorney-at-Iaw.
on Friday. March 11. at 2:30 p.m..
in ac. 875.

Price Chopper chopping spree will
be March 14 at live area markets:
Madison rve; Colvln Plaza - Cen-
tral Ayn;
tedy; v 'r stern Ava. Guilderland; Rt

East Parkway. Schenec-
6:30 pm.

7. Latham. Five percent of all bills
will go to telethon. upon presenta-
tion of coupons which are
available In the 0.6. and Oils
Campus Housing.

A mathematics colloquium entitl-
ed “Analytic Measures and An-
nlhllators ol the Algebra R(x)" will
be presented by Dmilry Khavlneon,
on Thrusday. March 10. at 4:15

Oil-Campus housing Information
sessions for students considering
living oll campus In the future will
be held In the State tower lower
lounge on Tuesday. March 8. at 7
pm. and the Indian tower pen-
lhouee on Wednesday. March 9. at

at 8 p.m.. In L613.

to. CA. 95817;

p.m.. in 0.0. 361.
A photography exhibit of

College Republicans are holding a
meeting on Wednesday. March 9.

The Eighth Annual Poetry competi-
tion. sponsored by World of
Poetry. a quarterly newsletter (or
posts. will award a $1000 grand
prize. Poems at all styles and on
all sublects are eligible to compete
ior a variety of prizes. Rules and
olllclal entry lorms are available
lrom the World Oi Poetry. 2431
Stockton Blvd.. Dept B. Sacramen-

The Femlnlat Alliance is meeting
on Thursday. March 10. at 7:30

Washington state lorry boats by
Mr. Bruno Zupp. is currently

leatured at the gallery In the
Chapel and Cultural Center at RPI.
2125 Burdett Ave.. Troy. The
gallery la open lrom 9 am. to 9
pm. daily.

A 5'9" langauge workshop lor
beginners will be ollered on Mon-
day. March 14. from 8 pm. to 9
p.m.. In HU 128.

International Student Aaeoclatlon
will hold a general Interest
meeting on Thursday. March 10. at
8:30 p.m.. In the Sayiaa Ballroom.
Tibetan Buddhllt lllm “Radiating
the fruit ol truth". a highly ac-
claimed documentary lllm on
Tibetan Buddhist culture and
civilization. will be shhown on
Monday March 14. at 7:30 p.m.. In
Lc 3. A $2 donation la suggested.

 

 

 

 

r

 

 

 

..._...,..---.—~.~—... . . ,_

 

 
 

   

W+~q..r.me. I ‘ '
.u. r.» i a». trrv .o  unto. si‘tﬂ'u’rs,‘ .g._.. ,3,”

 

 

' ‘MARCH‘E‘, ' ids: rj bubbly/Y» SWDEN‘ri ﬁa’Esd i3

UAS cooks up 'a proposal for (board increases

UAS is considering a 4.5 percent increase in board prices
for the 1983-84 academic year. according to UAS General

Manager Norbert Zahm.

The increase amounts to $4l for SUNYA students buying

the three meal plan (breakfast/Inrich/dinner
coming academic year said Zahm. who cited 1

of food, personnel and benefits as part oftlic reason for the

bike.

“The cost of food is our biggest single expense. We ex-

pect it to go up about 5 percent. We're tryitig
fiscal year June I984." Zahm said.

According to Zahm. the figures are based
information available" from the food indu
ment figures. and UAS experience.

The price of utilities was also a major factor in proposing

the bikes. Zahm said.

"We never paid utilities until last year. This year there
was a 6] percent increase in utility rates. In the quad kil-
chens it will amount to almost a quarter million dollars.

That's an expense we didn't have two years a

UAS Board of Directors President Joe Ranni explained
that last year was the first time the NYS Audit and Control
Department demanded UAS pay utilities. In previous years
said Ranni. the State subsidized the costs. Last year UAS
lied to pay 5175.000 in utility bills. and next year utility
costs are expected to bc 5300.000 Ranni said.

Zahm also said the board increase was necc
lie does not expect an increase in sales next

will_be no appreciably greater number of students in the
dormitories next year. The number of off-cuiiipus students

Students shape

 

Ily Ainey Adams
at o/ ll/r'lllll

The lunch time crowd at the litulicr Shop
l’ood ('o»op line tip to bity drictl and ficin
fruit and yogurt. wliilc ttiong l’ciinictcr Rond
tlc\oted joggcrs brttve the winter cold.
Whether it is illl outgrowth of the “me”
do tde. or u plicuorricnon unto itself. the
health cru/c liars come to the SUNYA ctini-
pus.

According to Arthur llowen. ti working L'o-
op member. students are now buying ripples
turd ot'ttngcs inslcttd of the cookies and
potttio chips that were popular in thc past.
"We get or least three boxcs of ripples ti
\veck. todriy is i"l’lllil_\'. and they're till gone.“
llowcri sttid. ()ilicr big sellers include the
roisiri lllltl lltll mix. gruiiolri. tuitl ctuob-
covcrcd nuls. “Yogurt is ill\\" vs big."llowcri
added. “We can't keep the re "gcrnlor lull.“

“Lust semester ilic universin (‘ovop did
well compared to other unii iiies. I don't
know if it‘s the items we carry or the si/c ol'
the Sclltlt)i.”‘Iit)\VL‘ll said. “At lunch hour
there‘s always ti crowd. ’I‘hcy‘rc usually buy-
ing milk."

Tire (‘o-op offers a vitamin clinrt which iii-
cludcs the natural foods which contain lliciii.
Ilowcn said that most students pick tip a copy
of the list.

A suggestion sheet is posted on the door of
one of the refrigerators. Among the
numerous items listed are bulk lens. soybctttt
patties. tofu and sesame paste (already pro-
vided by Co-op).

Eating natural foods is not the only way
Albany students keep fit. Claudette
Dclcmatcr (“Miss D") touches Figure corilrol
at the Physical Education Department. and

 

years." he said.

For the academic year l983-84. Zahm estimated that of
the 6.700 students buying board contracts. eighty percent
buy the three meal or two mcal (lunch/dinner) plan. and
that this percentage has remained constant for the past to

) for the up-
he rising cost
years.

However. Zahm poititcd out that the increase will also
cover the I982-83 school year. since there was no increase

to predict for last year.

“We're looking at two years without an increase. We
have to cover this year and next. We postponed this year's
increase until next year. It boils down to 2% percent per

on "the best
stry. govern-
year for two years.” he said.

go." he said.

frotn campus meal plans.

ssnrybccnusc remodeled Dutch Quad.

year. "There

raw .. -
.' qu’v .‘ .

     

buying dorm contracts has been constant the last couple or

Ranni pointed out that Albany has the cheapest meal
plan cost among state universitics and colleges. While a 20
meals per week meal plan costs $920 in Albany for the year.
it costs SIJIO in Farmingdalc. $I.290 in Bingbatnlon,
“.288 in Stonybrook and $I.000 in Brockport.

UAS is a private. non-profit corporalioti that receives no
state aid. and has it five year contract with the state to pro-
vide auxilliary services. Zahm said.

Ranni estimated UAS earned $5.7 million iii rcvcnue

Zahm pointed out. "We have to pay everything. All
repairs anti insurance the corporation has to pay. When we

December. we had to pay for it. The state doesn't give us

tiny money of tiny kind." he explained.
The remodeling of Dutch Quad Cafeteria. completed

up their ways

over the semester break. cost UAS $00,000. After the

completion of the project Zahm said that UAS plans on

remodeling the other quad cafeterias as well.

“We do our best to keep rates reasonable. We have had
the lowest board rate in New.York State for many years."
he said. adding “Our contract food service is one of the

largest in the State; the largest in the SUNY system.”

“It's about
expected." Zahm continued. "It's a very modest increase.

as reasonable an increase as can be

we‘ve been very conservative in our estimates. We think we

which was completed in

 

    

says her classes are always closed by Registra-
titiii Day. However. according tti Delcrntitcr.
her classes are not the exception.

“Most Physical education courses are clos- ‘

ed by Registration Dil)’. at least ninety-eight
percent." Dclcmutcr said.

Although all Phys. lid. classes are co-etl.
the figure control classes are predominantly
nintle tip of wotncti students. Dclcninlcr said
it was due to the title of the course. “It wtis

LOIS MATTABONI UPS
Joggers toning up their bodies; Inset: Student Health Services Director Janet Hood
"The Slllllt’ kids who are t'mtt'erm'rl with Itrllttrrllfoorlx tire Ia/rilig LSD rrIrrI alcohol. "

left that way intentionally. ‘Conditioning'
tends to turn women off. though more peo-
plc are taking Conditioning."Delcniater said.

Deleinulcr stressed that her figure control
classes cover llii aspects of fitnc muscle
strength. muscle endurance. flexibility. and
cardiovascular.

“A lot of programs emphasize just one
part. Yogri cniphu. s licxibility. aerobics
emphasizes cardiovascular.Tlic classes riiccl

 

 

 

lly Deb Profetu
.-l.8' )(‘I " Ill.\‘ I‘ll/IUR

  

It was ti .. o remember...

A woman working in tlic kissing booth
during the M—A-S-Il bush last Monday til
the Iiest Western ’l‘hruwtiy ilousc. Albritiy.
has been diagnosed its having hepatitis. ac-
cording to Albany County Ilcultlr Commis-
sioner Dr. William A. Gordon.

Grtittan said that the woman. who was

not identified. is receiving treatment at ti
loctil hospiltti. and although the testing is
not conclusive. lie is “satisfied that the
woman has hepatitis."

The party. ti benefit for the March of
Dimes. was attended by more than 700 peti-
ple. March of Ditties stuff iiictiiber Cathy
‘ Boggs explained [hill the woman was simply

volunteered. She was one of three iii-
dividiitils running the booth. Briggs added.

There were no accurate records. but
Grrittiui estimated that tlic worrinir may
have kissed 40—50 people during the event.

Ilcptttilis. explained ilic doctor. is ri viral
infection of the liver which may be
transmitted through kissing since llic virus
is prcscltl in the saliva of the infected per»
son.

He iiittiiitriincd that the woman was
unaware of her illness during the party. tid-
ding that there is an incubation period of
"several weeks." iii which no symptoms are
present.

The woman. stiid Iloggs. became
“violently ill and was rushed to the
emergency room" a few days after the
bush.

Anyone suspected of coming in contact
with the woman. will be treated with gtini-

MASH bash kisses smacked with hepatitis

tiiu globulin injections. which consist of a
percentage of blood containing hepatitis
tutti-bodies and are a standard measure to
prevent various diseases and provide itll~
mediate anti-bodies. explained Grtrttrni.

According tti (irriitan. the symptoms or
the infection are “nriuscri. vomiting. loss of
appetite. jaundice. a chalky trowel move-
ment. discoloration iti urine. fever. illlti ex-
tr'ciric fatigue."

(irttttriii urged anyone who thinks they
were exposed to the woman to contact the
Albany County i‘iCilllil Department
(445-7853) iriiiiicditttely.

The M-A-S-Il bush. maintained Thruway
llousc coowncr Kerr Raymond. was entire—
ly ti bcncl‘it organized by the Mtircli of
Dimes. stressing tlitit he "merely donated
food and SDIIL‘C. and all proceeds and
revenues went to the Mtrrcli of Ditties.“ l I

 

 

 

“someone who participated tlint
icvcning ..soniconc iii the audience." who

can provide top quality food service with that increase."

All on campus students must purchase a board plan said
Zahm stressing that he "wanted to see students get a fair
shake." Zahm’s proposal was made to the UAS's Board of
Directors. which is made tip of students. faculty and ad-
ministrators. Michael Abneiri. a student member of the
Board. supported the increase. “Considering the cost in-
crease. I think it‘s a fair amount. They could have imposed
a higher board rate. It seems fair enough." Abneiri said.

Nobody on the Board of Directors was opposed.
students or faculty. said Abneiri. "We were happy it wasn‘t
going to be more. it was rumored that the increase would be
Ii.5 percent." he said.

Raiini also supported the increase. saying that UAS
needs the money in order to brctik even.

The Iloard of Directors will make its decision on the iii-
crctise on Friday. said Ztiliin. He expects the proposition
will be approved.

-—Ariiey Adams

 

the Cflltll'iil of un rtciuorcs class." Dclcmtttcr
said. "I dotr‘t use Ilie tcrrir ‘ucrobics' because
it has cotnc to mean so many different things

to so many people.

For those who may be closed out of the
SUNYA figure control courses. there are
other alternatives. The Dora Dee Figure
Salons for Women offers a special three
month long progi'tiiri. originally for students
only. bill that is now offered to the general
public. according to Dorri Dec Montigcr
Isabelle lltirbcr. I

Barber indicated that ii large number oi
students from all 0\'L'l' the urea. including
SUNYA uticnd Dora Dec. Murry SUNYA
students are on llrc stuff as instructors. she
said.

llirirber sees the trcird toward fitness going
beyond the student population. “People are
becoming more aware of good health. We
have grutidniotlicrs llllti granddaughters com~
ing in together. Now tiliiiost everyone you
know works out sonicplrtcc. There has been a
trcnd the last seven years towtird this.“ \lll.‘
said.

In addition to their exercise programs.
Dora Dee rilso kccps ti weight control
specialist on stuff to provide IllL'lIlik‘H \\illl
piopci' carting information.

i'itht'YCl'. lltu'ber stressed the need for iii-
dividuul dedication. “I’cople lirive to know
the vtrluc of the workouts. We crui't do the
work for them. It has to come from them.
they have to commit themselves." the said.

Student Health Scrviccs Director Juliet
Ilood attributed the rise in interest to publici-
ty. “I think people ill'i.‘ very much more

- 13>

 

 

