 

..r .t ,r r

Warld capsule
_  2*  to

 

US entry into Gulf forbidden

Tr/po/i. Libya
(AP) Libyan lender Col. Moarnntar ls’hadafy said Tlttrrsday
his country'would not pertnit tlte United States to enter tlte
Gulf of Sidra. the wide bay in the southern Mediterrartean
claimed by Libya as its territorial waters. the official
.lANA news agency said.

Pentagon sotrrces reported Wetlnesday tlrttt the U.S. car-
rier Nimitz nttd its escorts were operating trortlt of the (itrlf
of Sidra in l98l. US jet figltter sltot down two Libyan
planes over the gulf. which the United States considers itt-
terrtatiottal waters. ll't Attgttst l98l. two U.S. Navy F-l4s
frqu tltc Nirnitr participating in war games in the southern
Mediterranean dowtted two Libyan air force jets after the
Libyans fired a missile at them over the disputed waters.

Some of the waters clairrred by Libya are 100 tttiles frorn
shore. The United States 'reeogrti/es only the traditional
three-mile off sltore lituit. U.S. officials said at the titne of
the dogfight that the tttartetrvcrs were intended in part to
demonstrate U.S. rejection of the Libyan claim.

Mexican loan approved

Mexico City. Mexico
(AP) U.S. Agriculture Secretary John lilock on Tltttrsday
signed a $1.7 billion agricultural loart package intettded to
help rcccssion-plagued Mexico buy American grains and
other foodstuffs on easy terms.

The agreement was negotiated itt August. btrt was in-
creased by $700 million last week. it includes loatt money to
buy more tltart 6 million torts north of grains. oil seeds and
dairy prodttcts. and also provides for Mexican ptrrcltases of
an unspecified atrtottttt of pondered rttilk. A joirtl state-
rncrtt said the package “contributes to the availability ol
basic food commodities for the Mexican people during
1983."

Mexico plunged ittto its worst recession of the century
when tlte worldwide oil glut dried up revenues tltc govern-
rrrettt had cotrnted on for an atnbitiotrs development pro-
ject. The new president. Migtrel dc la Madrid. has started
an austerity program intended to get the nation back on its.
feet.

'Lavelle refuses subpeona
‘ Washington, I). C.
(AP) Rita M. Lavellc. former ltcad of the Environmental
Protection Agency's hazardous waste program. failed to
honor a House subcommittec's subpoena yesterday arid the
panel moved to consider a contempt-of-Congress citation
against her.

She had been subpoenaed to appear at it pm EST before
the investigations and oversight subcommittee of the
Energy and Commerce panel. The subpoena. which was
accepted by her attorney Wednesday, also ordered that she
bring with her the personal calendars and telephone logs
frorn her tenure at EPA.

Her firing by President Reagan l0 days ago touched offa
series of allegations. inclttding the granting of sweetheart
deals to industry polluters. In accepting the subpoena. Ms.
Lavellc's attorney. Mark llicrbower. said lte did not expect
her to appear at the hearing.

Earlier. Reagan. seeking to stem a flood of allegations
enveloping the agency. ordered the Justic Department to
condtrct a full probe of EPA actions.

At the same titnc. Reagan said he is also dropping the
claim ofcxccutive privilege he had used to keep dozens of
EPA doctrtrtcrtts concerning hazardous waste dtttnps away
from Congress.

Love Canal cleanup attacked

Buffalo. N. Y.
(AP) State Attorney General Robert Abrams said that the
Love Canal chemical dump neighborhood of Niagara Falls
can't be made habitable by government standards under a
cleanup program now under way.

Abrams. testifying before two state Assembly commit-
tees. said that when doctors of U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services declared last year that the Love Canal
area could be made habitable. they laid down two impor-
tant conditions. He said those requirements called for ex-
tensive remedial work to halt the spread of chemicals from
the dtrmp and permanent safeguards against any future
leakage. “Neither the work done to date at Love Canal nor
the proposed . . . work will achieve or is intended to
achieve these objectives. namely total containment and
cleanup." he said.

He said it is clear that the Health and Human Services
statement and the EPA report on which it was based “fall.
far short of a finding of habitability of the area and fail to
provide any basis whatsoever for a decision to allow reoc-
cupancy at this time." . '

Hooker Chemicals and Plastics Corp. used Love Canal
as a chemical dump for it) years before selling it to the
Niagara Falls school board in the early l9SOs. in the sum-
mer of I978, the state declared a health.cmcrgency in'thc
area. after people complained of illness and of chemicals
oozing from the surface.

r Litsz -..u.r 1. tn...

 

Speak up for your rights

Worried about ttritiott increases? Participate in thc
SASU legislative conference Feb. 2628. to be held on
campus. and learn ways to lobby against the proposed
SUNY budget cuts. You‘ll also learn about other issues
relating to SUNY students and New York State Politics.

The fee is $30 for SASU members and $40 for non-
members. For more information or an application call
SASU at 465-2406.

Wild winter weekend

Participate in outdoor evertts inclttding srtow sculpture.
a snowball throwing contest. and a cross country race.
dtrring the Winter Carnival Weekend. Mttrclt 18-20 at
Dippikill. The weekcttd is co-sportsorcd by Camp Board
attd Otrting Club.

Sign up itt the SA office by Wednesday. Feh.v23. The
cost is $20 which includes most food and all lodging.

Jewish roots

If you're a Jewish College Student concerned about
your career. roots. or relationships. attend the fourth art-
uttttl Jewish Association for College Yottth (JACY)
weekend. Mttrclr 4-6.

in addition to a week of intensive learning at the ’ara-
rnotrrtt Hotel in the Catskills. activities will incltrdc darte-
ing. a shared Slrahbat experience. and a talent show.

Spttce for the weekertd is limited and registration closes
Feb. 23. For urore information call l'ltlllllltl Lassar at (212)

(rillHJXlill.

     
 

To Denmark and back again

if you like to travel. why not spend a semester studying
in Denmark? Conre to a tneeting Tuesday Feb. 22 at 3
p.m. irt l-IU 290 and find ottt rtrorc about it. Programs are
available in Liberal Arts. international Business. and Ar-
cititecture and Design.

 

Campus “19‘:

Written rewards

The Third YWCA Fttnrotrs Black American Essay Con»
test ceremony will be held Sunday Feb. 27 at 3 pm. irt the
Albany Public Library. SUNYA Associate Professor of
the Department of African/Afro American Studies and
Associate Vice President for research ttnd educational
development Dr. Frank G. Pogue. will be the guest
speaker.

The essay contest is designed to be innovative approach
to the elimination of racism. by involving young people In
research of lilack History.

Around the world in a week

To highlight the international spirit of the SUNYA
campus. President ()‘l.eary has proclaimed Feb.
28—Mttrch 5 as World Week. Academic departments.
fttculty. and strident groups are being urged to join in
sponsoring ethnically oriented programs. The week's
festivities will include an lithnic llloe Party orr ThursdayI
Marclt 3. from [2 p.m.-5 p.rn. For rttore information or
a program registration form call Hazel Moore at
457-8302.

Gossen gets symbolic

Dr. Gary (iossett will speak on "Maya Ritual Sym-
bolism" at the next Anthropology Club meeting on Feb.
22 at it p.m. in ill) 25. The meeting is open to anyone and
refreshments will be served.

Become aware

Discover the problems facing the deaf corntnttnity on
“Deaf Awareness Day." in the Campus Center on Feb.
24.

This informational open house is designed to inform
students abotrtservices available to the deaf itt theCapital
District artd to acquaint stttdents with career opportunities
in the growing field of deaf studies.

"Deaf Awareness Day" ushers in an eight week
workshop series beginning Feb. 28. The series includes a
videotaped sign language demonstration and presenta-
tions frortt the deaf cotntntrnity.

The project is sponsored by SUNYA Division of Conti-
ntting Education attd is open to all students. free of
charge. For more information call 455-6l21.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Preservative put on hold

. Roe/tester. N. Y.
(AP) A local restaurant organization here Thursday
became perhaps the first in the nation to urge its members
rtot to use sodium bisttlfite. a preservative used to keep
food fresh. '

The Rochester Restaurant Association ttrgcd its members
not to use the preservative until the federal Food attd Drtrg
Administration completes its rc-examination of the
substance. which it previotrsly listed safe. Critics have said
that sodium bistrlfite could prove dangerous to asthma suf-
ferers. possibly causing difficult breathing. runny nose.

sneezing. tearing eyes. hives or diarrhea. These charges pro- .

rupted the re-exarnination by the FDA.

A spokesman for the Center for Science in the Public in-
tercst said that the action by the Rochester organization
was apparently the first of its kind by a restaurant organiza-
tion in the country. Officials of the National Restaurant
Association in Washington could not be immediately reach-
ed for corntuertt.

Restaurants use sodium bis‘ulfite. a white powder. by
dissolving it in water and dipping foods such as vegetables.
frtrits and shellfish irtto it to retard spoilage and discolora-
tion.

own rules on “custom”

Albany, N. Y.
(AP) High school officials can't be sued by a sttrdent just
because they fail to write reeommcndaitons to colleges in a
timely fashion. a middle-level state appeals cottrt rulcd
Thursday.

in a unanimous ruling, a five-judge panel of the Ap-
pellate Division of State Supreme Court said writing recom-
mendations for students appeared to be nothing more than
“a custom." That custom. “if such a custom exists. should
not be held to rise to the level of a legal duty." said the
judicial panel in upholding a lower court ruling.

The judges' rtrling came on a suit brought by tt former
student at the Scotia-Glenville Central school in Schenec-
tady County who charged that school officials had been
negligent and had violated her civil rights.

Jan Hunt, according to the court. was accepted at Nor-
theastern University on Feb. 2. 1980. while she was a senior

....ai.l,llc school. Accurtllns,lo the court. she asked high school

officials to write the trnivcrsity to help her secure an athletic
scholarship for basketball.

However. it was not until May 6. 1980. that the school's
principal. Richard McGuitc. got around to writing Nor-
theastern seeking to help Miss Htrnt get such a scholarship.
Northeastern wrote back saying Miss Htrnt could try otrt
for tire team in the fall —— after she arrived at the university.

Miss Hunt said she tried out for the learn in the fall btrr
found. according to the court, that “vacancies for the post-
lions she had played were no longer open. although they
had been open the prior spring." She tltcn sued her high
school.

Cuomo names labor chief

Albany. N. l’.
(AP) Thomas Hartnett has been appointed by Gov. Mario
Ctrorno as the state's chief labor negotiator.

Cttotno announced Thursday that Hartnett would
become director of the state's Office of Employee Rela-
tions. Hartnett. 37. has been deputy diercctor of contract

' negotiations and administration in the office since 197‘).
in his new post. the Albany area man will earn an annual
salary of 365.700. The appointment does not require state
Senate confirtnation. Hartnett replaces Meyer Fruchcr.
who has taken a top level job at Blue Cross-Blue Shield of
Greater New York. “Mr. Hartttett is widely respected by
ttnion representatives and state ntanagctnent. We will draw
on his expertise to bring labor and management closer
together in the state." Cttomo said.

Proir to working for the state. Hartrtett worked as a
labor relations ntanagcr with New York Telephone in New
York City from 197,2 to 1978. While a craftworker at the
phone eornparty from I965 to l972. Hartnett was a trniorr
representative for the Conununications Workers of
America. AFL-CIO.

 

Correction

in “Speakers attack US unti-lsraeli propaganda" in the
Feb. ll Albany Student Press, we neglected to note that
the Revisiortist Zionist Alternative sponsored the event.
We regret the ommisslon.

 

 

 

 

: ﬂw

~'~s~...a

.. .Vqrx—.

SA bi-elections
postponed due
to confusion in
Central Council

 

By Heldl Grails

3 TA I-‘F Will TER

 

Confusion over scheduling caused yester-
day's SA bi~clcctions to be postponed until
Wednesday. Feb.24. while questions still re-
main as to where the blame for the mix-up
Ilcs. ‘

Off -catnpus elections went smoothly with
Neil Shapiro. Dan Bertrand. Joe Ranni.
and Judy Rivera being elected to Council.

But the confusion arose when election
commissioner Ken Olsen was not made ful-
ly aware of the new election procedures.

Council voted last month that the
February bi-election for quad represen-
tatives would be held on one day. during
luttch and dinner hours. in the past. elec-
tions have run for three consecutive nights
with polls open only dtrring dinner hours.

Olsen was apparently aware of the switch
from three days to one. bttl did not know
about the additional hours. By the time the
error was realized. it was too late to be cor-
rectcd.

According to Central Council Chair Jeff
Fromm. it was SA Vice President Ann
Marie LaPorta's responsibility to inform
Olsen of the time and date of the election.
He sttid that SA President Mike Corso had
delegated the job of appointing rtn election
commissioner to LaPorta and it was her job
to “supervise” Olsen. Frotnrn noted that
LaPorta attends Council meetings and
should be aware of decisions made by
Council. “it is her job to know what hap-
pened (at Council meetings.) and if she
doesn’t know. it is her job to ask me." he
said.

Public hearings uncork new bottle

  

1' “gm 1. ‘r‘t-u: «u 09‘.“ um :-

 en. .rv—~~-p-4r.r,- .r.

 

N

LAURA BOSTICK UPS

Ann Marie LaPorta
Election information Fromm is business

LaPorta contended that at the beginning
of the year she asked Fromm to give her a
copy of all legislation passed by Council
which would include the election scheduling
bill. and that lie has not done this since Oc-
tober. She attacked Fromm‘s accusation
saying. “How can I give the commissioner a
copy of the bill if i can’t get a copy of the
bill because he (Fromm) has it?"

in addition. LaPorta said she had been
unsure of" the polling hours and had looked
for Council's election scheduling bill in the
SA resource center. witcrc ttll bills are to be
filed.

According to LaPorta and Media Direc-
tor Libhy Post. the last bill filed there was
from Dec. 8. The elections bill was passed
in Jarrttary.

LaPorta maintained that since Fromm
apparently had tltc bill it was his respon-
siblllty to pass the elcctiorts information on
to Olsen.

()lsctt called tltc problem a “communica-
tions foul up.” He said he is irt close con-
tact with Fromm. ('orso. and LaPorta. attd
they all irrfortn him of elections decisions
made by Council. He said that he does llOl
feel that any one of them ltas the final
14>

 

 

 

‘ FEBRUARY 18. 1983 til ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Panel examines Cuomo budget;
will recommend plan to O’Leary

 

By Liz Reich

STA/T Wit/YEN

 

A campus budget panel has been meeting
since Feb. 1 to discuss how Governor
Cuomo's proposed budget will affect
SUNYA's faculty. staff. and programs.

The Iii-member budget panel. chaired by
Walter Gibson of the Physics Department.
nas been meeting with the university's forrr
vice-presidents. Jtrdith Ramaley. Acadenric
Affairs; John Shumnker. Research and
Educational Development; Lewis Welch.
University Affairs; and John Hartigan.
Finance and Business. The panel will make
recommendations to President Vincent
O‘Lcary. who will consult with the Educa-
tional Policy Cotrncll (EPC) of the Univer-
sity Senate and present a budget plan to
SUNY Chancellor Clifton R. Wharton by
March l. according to panel member Jayne
Rothmnn. As of yet. the panel has not
tnude any speciﬁc recommendations to
O'l.ertry.

Panel members are “selected by Presl-
dertt O'l.cttry ttnu crtdorsed by the Universi-
ty Senate." saitl partel staff rnetttber Leif
Hartmark. "it consists of twelve faculty
rttetttbers. three staff persons from Resear-
ch/iiducational Development.
Finance/Business. atrd University Affairs.
attd three students 7* two undergraduates
who were appoirtted by SA President Mike
(‘orso. arrtl one graduate student. who was
appointed by the PFC of the University
Senate.

Tlte proposed budget cttlls for tire loss of
approxitttately J.2(X) positions itt the SUNY
system. irt an attempt,to deal with a state
deficit projected as itigb as Lil billion. lf
passed. the cuts would mean a total loss of
300 jobs at this ctttnptrs. including ltX)
faculty positrons. 78 of which are currently
filled. according to the Feb. ') issue of
Uni versin News.

 

By Robert Gurdinicr
EDITORIAL . YTANT

 

 

Many complaints regarding the new
“Bottle Bill" were voiced Wednesday night
when the Department of Environmental
Conservation (DEC) held a public hearing
at Empire State Plaza. The bottom line is
that the bottling industry overall feels that
the bill will impinge on their profit margins.

in an attempt to clarify the bottle bill's
implications and provide a forum for in-
dustry’s grievences. the DEC conducted
public hearings across the state this week.
According to DEC spokesperson Lois New.
the regulations mtrst be made equitable for
everyone involved.

The most repeated complaint aired at the
ltearings was the bad timing of the July
1 implementation date. Donald Licbieh.
president of Sysco Frosted Foods. a
distributor of beverages to bars and institu-
tions in the area. argued along with many
others that the date is too close to the July 4
weekend. the most popular beverage-
buying time of the year.

in response. New explained. “This im‘
plementation date is now being discussed in
the legislature.”

Liebich added that his company is only a
part of the whole industry pictttre and that
distributors who sell to retail groceries han-
dle the btrlk of the market. However. he
and others are against the DEC placing
strict regulations in the bill regarding in-
teractions among manufacturers.
distributors. retailers. and redemption
centers. “Much of this." he said. “should
be gttitled by the DEC (rather) than left up
to the rttttrkct place to handle.

The new redemption center Industry that
is evolving out of the returnables issue may
suffer. however. if the DEC issues only
guidelines. According to a DEC report.
“Guidelines may result in the distributor
only picking up empties front those they sell
to." DEC spokesperson Albert Mttenclt ex-
plained that control of the distributor's
process may make survival difficult for the
developing redemption centers.

The additional paperwork and accoun-

 

ting involved with tltedep‘os'its. along‘wi“ 

 

 

 

 

who will ittitiatc the deposits — manufac-
turers. distribtttors. or retailers. are respon-
sibilities no one seems to watrt. According
to what the DEC has set so far. the
manufacturers will initiate the deposit and
charge the distributor. who will in turn
charge the retailer. This could change.
however. depertding on the outcome of the
hearings. Muench said.

if the DEC gets its way. it may have a
profound effect on the beer industry which
has many distributors who serve one area
and are supplied by a single manufacturer.
said Mucnch.

According to a DEC report. “Distributor
A may sell a product in distributor B's area
and charge the retailer the deposit but
distributor B may get stttck with the empties
and have to remove them from the retailer
and pay him for bottles withotrt having
received a deposit payment himself.”

Joe Riggerio. manager of E&D
Beverages, an area beer distributor. feels
this could be a big problem. “The handling
and trucking will double and be very costly
to the distributor." he explained. “There is
no question that the price of the product

(excluding the deposit) will increase."

Budget panel member Jayne Rothman
said that in the past three weeks the panel
has met several times per week. “So far we
ltavc reviewed non-academic parts of the
campus. Each vice-president gave the panel
a report of how many people would be laid
off and we were shown two cuts. One
would be the ‘worst ease' scenario of 302
faculty members. according to Cuomo's
budget. The other was a ‘mid-rangc' cut. if
some lines Were allowed for the university.
which would be approximately half."

Hartmark. who is Director of Planning in
the President‘s Office. feels the panel plays
"a fairly significant role." in inﬂuencing
O'l.eary's recommendations to the
Chancellor. “The panel doesn‘t tell him
how to run the university but is concerned
with longterm prognmmntic directions. it's
very influential as a resource for decisions
made on an ongoing basis."

“I've been told that O‘Lertry docs listen
to the panel." said Rothtnan. "He said to
tts that lie can't share the authority. bttt he
can share the responsibility."

The panel has existed for the lttst four
years. according to l-lnrtmnrk. but, “the
membership changes caelt year." The for-
mat of the panel is "discussion and cort-
sestrs." not formal voting. he said.

llartmark feels this year‘s btrdget cuts are
tnore excessive than those experienced itt
the past few years. “The cuts we are facing
now are as brtd or rrtore severe than arty cttts
since 1975 when we lost it) percertt of the
btrdget which clirninatcd programs and
rctlttccd staff. Tire tentative numbers now
ttrc cqttally severe." lrc explained.

Rolhman is also pessirrristic about tltis
year's budget cuts. Site is particularly con-
cerned about the possibility of differential
tuition which would tuetrn “the university
centers would pay a higher ttritiort than the
state colleges because they have a larger

:10>

bill debate

According to art Associated Press article.
the people of Massachusetts complained
about the higher prices for beverages
following that state's bill‘s enactment Jan.
15. According to the article. tlistributors
predicted that a case of soda would go up a
dollar in addition to the refundable deposit.

“The industries are using this bill as an
cxcttse to raise their prices and profit." said
New. She added llrat. if implementation is
handled properly. the price slrotrld not in-
crease.

However. in other states. prices have in-
creased just after implementation only to
decline after the industry lrad adjusted.
New said.

At the hearing. retailers demanded that
the DEC impose regulations that will ptrt a
limit on the nutnber ofemptics arty one per-
son cart return in a 24-hour period. This
has the advantage of keeping down the
number of empties that the retailer has to
store between pickups.

According to a spokesperson front an
area Price Chopper. handling all the emp-
tics is going to create a problem. “One man
will have to be itt charge of rettrrnablcs
alone. it is going to tncatt more mart-hours
and rttore cost to us.” He added that many
large grocers. even ones the size of Price
Chopper. may have to build more
warehouse space.

He would not comntcttt. though. on
wltetltcr the retail prices of beverages would
go up.

The 24 hour stores would like to see an
addition to the law that would prohibit
returns after it p.m.. said New. “They ex-
press the concern about handling that much
more tnoney in the store later at night." she
explained.

March 9 is the deadline for all grievances
and suggestions by the public and indttstry.
said Mucnch. He added that many ideas
have been forwarded to the DEC both ver-
bally and outlined in extettsive reports from
industries.

Despite clttirns by industry arguing that
they will only have three months to prepare
for the July implementation. Mueneh said
the DEC will release the final rules and
regulations April 1. [j

 

 

