1 a.

. u 4 arm.er xn-:_W

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

Toni/ti LETTERS

. ' E'D,I

 

 

 

uelear reactions

tion which has loomed over the lives of
citizens across the globe for several decades.
The advent of nuclear weapons alone has dictated the
course of history during the latter part of this century
to a very large degree. While never being unrelenting,
at times the threat has been most severe. Events such
as the Cuban Missile Crisis did little to ease the ten-
sion enveloping a frightened world victimized by two
superpowers jostling for superiority. Two decades
later, with the possibility of nuclear destruction ever
increasing. a more realistic and mature attitude in
handling the issue of nuclear war would be expected.
Unfortunately, despite the groundswcll of protest
from every corner of the planet. the threat continues.
During the last decade, it appeared that perhaps the
leaders of the United States and USSR had come to
grips with the problem and would try to deal with it

T he threat of nuclear war is a horrifying condi—

in an effective manner, as evidenced by the SALT l
agreement and the policy of detente. But more
recently. under the thrust of the present administra-
tion, the threat of nuclear war has again come to the
fore.

The Reagan administration, with Russophobia be-
ing the only thread of consistency in an otherwise
confusing foreign policy, has plunged this nation into
the throes of a neo-Cold War. The confirmation of
Kenneth Adelman, an advocate of the abolisltmcnt
ofarms control, as Director of the Arms Control and
Disarmament Agency, indicates the Reagan stance
on this critical issue. The president's continuing
rhetorical battle with Soviet leader Yuri Andropov
and his request for a fanciful nuclear missile deter-
rent system which will fire the arms race into Low
Earth Orbit, illustrates his disregard for control and
his insistancc on superiority at any cost.

Though the administration employs complicated
logic to support its position on the nuclear threat, the
basic facts are clear. Nuclear war means destruction,
annihilation and perhaps global extinction. This
message has been clear to all those whose lives are in
jeopardy.

After 35 years of dormancy, the peoples of the
world have finally risen to take their survival into
their won hands rather than blindly trusting dictum
leaders. Never before has the world witnessed such a
universal outcry for nuclear control. Over the Easter
holiday, thousands of Europeans staged die-ins to
send their message to world leaders.

We share that message. in our inserted parody
issue, we have attempted to use humor itt
highlighting what could be the result of a world
ravaged by nuclear war. Our parody issue is meant to
be funny, but the world issue is not. We trrge a
serious and realistic approach to arms control so littll
the conditions depicted in the parody may never
cometo be.

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Symptoms of Apartheid

At the beginning and end of every day since Siturpevillc.
there are news reports about sabotage attacks against the
Boer regime of South Africa. These acts are aimed at
gOVcrnmcnt strategic installations from the network of
power stations to so-callcd public facilities and transporta-
tron systems.

J aphet M. Zwana

The I975 Official yearbook of the ‘Republic of South
Africa' carries the following statement under the section on
Tourism: “The tourist industry, as presently organized, is
comparatively young, but it has already ntade lls mark.
Forergn tourists visiting South Africa totalled 610,l70 in
l973 and it's estimated that they spent approximately 250
million in foreign exchange while they were here. It is ex-
pected that by 1980 one million tourists will visit the
Republic of South Africa annually.“ Against this glossy
background, however, is the fact that the industry ltas been
ailing visibly for a long time. More gun towers have been
established not only along the fenced perimeters of stategic
structures but also along runways of civilian airports and
ratlway stations. Significantly, two of Johannesburg's
popular tourist vantage high points, the 882-foot Strydom
Tower and its slightly lower counterpart in Brixton, have
recently been closed to population trafﬁc.

Road blocks and body searching are a daily feature along
the main thoroughfares leading to Soweto. The “national
key pornts" is a recent legislation purporting to protect sen-
stttvely strategic installations of all sorts. Under this
measure, even private companies are now required to form
employee vigilante squads to defend their plants against im-
pending attacks.

 

Arrtitoritics of the regirttc are empowered to detain/ar-
rest/ban any person or group that might jeopardize the
continuity of the country’s white supremacist apartheid
slave rule.

All this ‘ the fruit of the black intense determination to
derail the entire system of legally entrenched white domina-
tion. a
Tltc total rcjcctiort is reaching a crescendo at a time when
the Afrikancrs are busy trying to deceive the outside world
into believing that limited reform efforts are being made.

The following catalog of events and statements is a
significant revelation of the mood of the South African
Blacks: -

Whole communities. families and individuals facing forc-
cd eviction under the nation’s harsh racial population
relocation schcmc have openly threatened to use violence to
forestall the plan. Recently, an African township near Port
Elizabeth has been promised demolition. The local
Anglican priest was heard to say, “If they try to move us by
force, there will be bloodshed."

Leading church leaders, including Bishop Desmond Tutu
the President of the South African Council of Churches,
are calling for the outright cxcommunication of those who
practice apartheid.

Old men in their late ﬁfties and early sixties have been
turned back from enlisting in the liberation forces that do
battle with the regime.

Two years ago partial legalization of Black unions was
grudgingly granted. Since then more African workers have
openly espoused political causes and have inflicted upon
the mineral-rich nation's booming economy the longest and
costliest period of industrial disruption and havoc.

Non-white groups (Blacks, Asians and Colorcds) have

 

 

Q I .
\ ‘
-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"WiNTeR is COMiNG,"
Sara THe aNT To The
eaassnoppea."we Must
GaTHeR THe HaRVe‘éT.”

become trtorc militant, better organized and united tItEIliIN
the cotntnott enemy.

In May the so-called rcpublic's 201h anniversary ittlppctlr
ed to occur at the same time as the fifth anniversary of lip:
l976 Soweto uprisings. The regime was erttbarrztssed when
millions demonstrated and called for the boycott of the
Republic Day activities.

At a time when the regime arid the educational
authorities least expected it, a concerted campaign of
disruption of schools and colleges by sttrdettts. teachers and
parents, unheard of in 20 years of Nationalist Party rut.
ministration. has taken place.

The scope of change that has taken place is echoed lit the
statement attributed to Winnie Mandela, wife of Robert it
and Prison perpetual inmate, Nelson Mandela. While shop»
ping with the masses in Brandfort, after her rcicttsc front n
four-year detention she said. “The Afrikancr ltcrc know.
no .other black except that subservient Kaffir (a term
equtvalent to “niggcr") at the back of his castle. That little
Bantu boy who this his farms. brings up his cltildrcrt, look
after his cattle and sheep. Now. these Bantus have suddenly
gotten cheeky, and the white farmers can't get their cheap
labor. These Bantus who worked for one rand (about 74
cents) a week, sudddcnly want five rand."

There is very little doubt that in the face of continued in-
transtgence on the part of wltitcs in South Africa, non-
violence will suddenly cease to be regarded as a rtohlc opt
tton.

‘ Support the capital district urea
Iron against Apartheid and racism.

The Reagan Administration's support of Sotttlt Africa‘s
reorganization of Namibia is a betrayal of tire trust the
African people have in the United States.

(‘tJtI/i'

  
 
  
 
 
 
    

 

 

   
   

 

 

 

 

 

Zionism isn’t raei
sm
To The Editor:

Through lack of knowledge. distortion, and equivoca-
rton, Mohammed Keyed attempted to equate [ignism
with racism.

To Mr. Kaycd l pose the following questions: Why is it
right for every major religion and ethnic group to have na-
tions in which their cultures dominate, and not for the Jew?
Why should the only Jewish state in the world be ttrrned in-
to a non-sectarian state when no such state exists in the
Moslertt dominated sections of the world? Why are .lcws
tiol entitled to a small speck of land only several miles wide
when Moslems control such a vast area on two continents?

Why do you address yourself only to incqrralitics among
Arab Jews and other lsraells when such great differences
exists among the various Moslem sects which has led to
discrimination and bloodshed? Why is Israel the main con-
ccrn of Arab student groups on campus when there is. and
has been, terrible fighting between iron and Iraq, Syria and
Jordan, Egypt and Libya. North Yemen and South Yemen,
etc? Why do you continue to blame the massacre of Palesti-
nians committed by other Arabs on Begin, yet no blame for
the massacre of thousands of Moslcms in India has been
put on Indira Ghandi, nor has this been tirade a major

 

 

r

 

issue? Why do you use a U.N. General Assembly resolution
in support of your evidence, knowing that the judges,
witnesses, and prosecutors of Israel ltave irtclttdcd such
rtotablcs as Amin, Khomeni, Quadal‘fi, and slews of die-
tators front around the world who demand Israel give rights
that they do not grant their own people?

How can you distinguish between .ittdiasrn and Zionism
without having read the Hebrew Prayer Hooks arid Bible?
Why did you not name a few of “the many distittguishcd
.lcwish leaders and writers" to wltom you referred that op-
poscd Zionism. or are they just a few leaders and writers
that happen to be Jewish by birth only? How are Jews and
Arabs to coexist with eqttal rights if Arabs 'art’t do tltls
amongst themselves? What is the “Zionist propoganda
machine" — it sounds like Hitler's "world Jewish con-
spiracy?" Why in proposing a secular state, itt which all are
equal. do you list Jews last (the rest of tire world always
scent to consider Jews last too)?

Why is lltc privilege of return “racist” fora people who
llilVC suffered so much, when in this country programs to
corrcct the wrongs of the past are known as equal oppor-
tunity. Why is Jewish self-determination called "racism"
and Palestinian self-determination called “human rights."

If you, Mr. Kayed, cart honestly answer these questions
and are sincere about eliminating racism front the world,
titcn you should first rc-cxaminc your own views, arid those
ltcld by some of your Moslem brothers. before judging
others.

—Mnrvln S. liartrn

Nothing is free

To The Editor:

We have to let the students know about what has been
happening at Le Fat Cat, the disco located at tltc corner of
Quail and Central. This past Wednesday tltcre was a special
Midweek Madness night with (and we quote) “Free T-shirts
for all." After being told the shirts would be given ottt at
clcvcn, then twelve; ﬁnally at one aLm. they admitted to not
having any shirts, never did and never would! We had paid
ottr admission to have a T-shirt and got nothing from it, ex-
cept thrown out for asking about the shirts too many times.

Titc manager had already left, and credit was blamed on
Timeout Productions, the sponsors of the party. If no
T-shirts were to be given out they certainly knew before we
Paid to get in and they outwardly lied to us.

This week there ma ccial on and we ur e

  

   
 
 
 

;

 

Cﬁzispectcﬁ

Ell-hlllhld in “It!
erlt Oalnlt, Edllnt In Chiet
Wayne Pnrebonm, Executive Edilor
Yeti Knplowltz. Lin Sir-in. Managing Edtlols

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   

 

  

 

 

our friends not to go. False advertising like this must be
stopped. The only effective way to do this is to not attend
any Le Fat Cat specials until they learn they can not take
advantage of students.

This was not the first time we had problems with Le Fat
Cat. We urge our fellow students to join us in a boycott of
Le Fat Cat until they learn how to live up to their adver-
tisements and some courtesy is shown to their paying
customers.

We are enclosing our names because we are still waiting
for the T-shlrts we payed for... it's a shame we will not
want to wear them anyrrtorcl!

— Alan Sherman
——I~2ria: 'I‘ennenbaum
-I)ave Wartenberg

Poor coverage

To The Editor:

in this reader’s opinion, the ASP’s coverage of the Stu-
dent Association clections this year was poor.

Not only did you continue your endorscmettl policy of
years past, bttt yort continttcd to scusatlonalizc the can-
didates and tltcir campaigns after the elections were over. i
am, obviously, referring to the article lit the ASP of Friday,
April is: “Missing ASP's could be tied to endorsements."
You were, I think. too quick to get a story; no one closely
ussociaicd with Rob Fishkin‘s campaign would ever have
stolen and disposed of several httntlrcd ASP's — particular-
ly rtot Michelle Legendre. 'I‘hcir's was an extremely well
run, close-knit. and internally cotttutunieutive cnmpttign
staff. The confiscation of the only University newspaper on
campus would be political suicide to anyone of campaign
stratcgy knowledge. Not only did the ASP of April 12 cott-
lttin two major (and expensive) advertisements for Fisltkin,
bttt it also contained a very weak endorsement of .leff
Schneider. It was not particularly damaging to l’lshkin.
Anyottc who botltcrcd to read cvctt tltc opcrtittg scrtlcncc of
the Fishkirt profile was aware of this fact. Although tltc
Fisitkin campaign people were undoubtedly upset over ttot
receiving the endorstnent, none of them would have been
even momentarily stupid enough to condone such actions
as stealing.

Michelle chcndrc was a major coordinator in Rob
Fishkin's campaign. I have lived and worked with her close-
ly for a year. although rtot on the campaign. Personally. I
do ttot believe she could do such a thing. One final point:
obviously, someone was lying. It therefore logically follows
that there must have bcctt a motive of some sort. Thomas
Allen. “of Alumni Quad." and thc man who brought the
story to you, lives immcd' 'ly next door to Miss Legendre.
There have been atttugoni ic feelings between tltcm for
longer titan Rob Fishkin was it candidate: a fact rtot mcn-
tioncd in tire article.

Your‘s was alt irresponsiblc tnovc. Perhaps lltc story
should have been bcttcr researched. Granted, ASPs' may
have been cxproprialcd, but ttot by on ttppcr rttctttber of tire
Fisitkin staff, and ccrtairtly not by Michelle Legendre.

—— Megan M. McNamara

Faulty Premises

To the Editor:

Tltc title of Friday, April lSth‘s editorial was “The Utt-
crcdiblc Election." Admittedly, the conduct of sortie cun-
didatcs and people acting on tltcir bcitulf left much to be
desired. However, the implication that tile Spring 1983
Election lacks credibility is ludicrous. First i would like to
poittt out a few things the author scents to have olcrlookcd.

l) The bi-elcctions were not postponed dttc to a lock of
communication among election officials. [Elections officials
were never informed of election Iitttc revisions. It is im—
possible to deliberately itttplctttcrtt procedures yott have no
. - .

   
 

 

. . . . Karon Sardoll,.ludy Total
.. .... Arlenn Katlowltz
..Jortniior Bloch

   
 

Billing Acenuntanll . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Payroll Supervisor . . . .
Oillce Co-ordln-lor
Clnlliled Manager... . . Mickey Frank
Campollllon Manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... .. ... . . Melissa Wasaurman
Advertising 5 . Pator Forward. Miko Krutrnut, Gregg Hall. Noll Strastnnn.
Advertising Production Manicure: Jnrto leach. Mlnuy Horowttl. Advartllina
Production: Michelle Horowitz, Patna Marcus. Julia Mark. Elleon Slevtn. Sue
Summerleld, Melissa Waasarman. Rhonda Wolf. Oltlel stall: Handua Bollat.
Lian Clayman, Gay Peres:

 

 

Jack Durlchlag. Production Manager
Patricia Mitchell, Associate Ploducllalt Manager

. ..Catltia Ryan

 

2) The author refers to confusion in the counting pro-
cedure as the causal element in the invalidation of Alumni

Board Elections. This Is just not true. and I would like to _

point out that neither I nor any other member of the com-
mission cver spoke with an ASP representative about this
lnvalidation. Twenty-eight ballots for this election were
mistakenly given to ineligible voters. All cast ballots were
counted to determine if the margin of victory exceeded the
number of illegal ballots cast. If it did, the election would
not ltave to be voided and reitcld. Unfortunately the margin
was inadequate. The commission invalidated the election.

3) Misprogramming of polling booths is cited as the
reason for the Off-Campus Ct utral Council Election's in-
validation. If tlte ASP ever had truly researched the matter
thoroughly, it would ltavc found ottt that there is but one
poilittg booth used for this race. I do accept full respon-
sibility for the rnisprograrnming of this one booth. Tltc
reason I bring rtp this poirtt is that it is just artothcr rcl'lcc-
tiott of the general carelessness the ASP has exhibited in
coverittg tltcsc cvctus. Ann Marie LaPorta is quoted on
Page i by Steve Fox on the result of tire machine's
tttisprogramnting. Although Attn Marie is to be praised for
her willingness to provide information. she is really not the
source to quote on the dynamics of the machine. In this in-
stance as well. neither 1 ttor any member of the Election
('ortnn . i were ever called upon by any ASP represen-
tull\c for information concerning tltls tnuttcr. Corrohorn-
tion of Lul’urla's statement was never sought. Her state-
rncru had no foundation in fact. '

I imagine it is these faulty premises that are used to arrive
at the conclusion that this clcctiort lacked crcdibilitv. In the
editorial tltc terms “innnc proceedings," “furcc"und “up-
pnrcnl fiasco“ are used to describe the election. Of all tltc
unmitigated gull! How date the ASP challenge the essential
integrity of the commission‘s efforts?! Constructive
criticism is welcomed, but when the ASP publicly criticizes
rt group’s efforts without the slightest conception of wltut
the group's obligations truly cntnil. tltctt a loss of rcspcc.
tubility is inevitable.

Members of tire lilcclitut (‘ommission are full-time
students. Above all else, \\c are here for a sound education.
Much lime and effort was put ittto this election by quite a
nutubcr of people. As a result. there was an increased voter
tttrnottt of over 20 percent. Most of tire voting took place
during ditutcr hours, which were slashed J3 pcrccttt. Due to
these circumstnnccs, voters often wnitcd over i5 tttintttcs to
other the machine to vote. They are to be praised for tltcir
patience.

Speaking of percentages. statistics are fascinating and
can import tnttclt information. A total of 3S elections were

programmcd irtto tltc clcction machines (fch elections per
machines x seven nntcltittes). ()rtc misprogramming occur—
rcd. That‘s an accuracy rate of 97.15 pcrccrtt. Ottt of ap-
proximately 5,200 paper ballots distributed and cast, 28
were mistakenly glvctt to ineligible voters. (Inevitany some
people will bccorttc disillusioned and r ‘Illilt: that human be-
ings are going to makc mistakes. That's wily pencils have
ctascrs.)

Another illuminating statistic: Thch were a total of 27
individual contests ltcld (Prcs.. Vice-Prcs.. SASU
Delegates. University Council. six Rcfcrcnda, six Uttivcrsity
Scnttttc, six Central Council. five Class Council). Two were
voided dttc to irregularities. That constitutes an accuracy
rrttc of 92.6 percent. I do not want to bclttbor this poittt.
What I'm trying to indicate is liiiil, as with arty large enter-
prise. at point is reached past which you will experience
diminishing returns to scale. When tltc magnitude of this
election is taken ittto account, a far better - timttlion of tire
true effectiveness of tire [Election Commission is l'L‘ililIL‘d.
Even with the implementation of any grading revision. the
(‘orttmission has earned an “A” grade.

Now I must question tltc fundamental reasoning Iltc ASP
has been demonstrating. | find particularly rtotenot‘lty tltc
cditorial's scntcncc, “It's revolting to think that fellow
students tttc trying to detcrtnittc what is In at :ttr you."
Questions immediately come to mind.

1) Does the ASP Endorsement Bum.
“fellow stttdcnts"?

2) Does an endorsement constitute .l «tr-termination of
“what is best for you"?

With rcspcct to your endorsements. that statement reeks of
hypocrisy. Think about it.

This brings me to perhaps the most significant and deeply
disturbing point that must be made: Did tltc same diligence
and attention to detail that went into ASP coverage of the
clcctiott proceedings go ittlo the endorsements? If so. then

 

 

waist of any

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I
‘ Marc Hupel Sen/or Edttor Chlnl Typasnttor . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . I .
J ' lelcliclmm    ‘ ‘H-'“"p' l’. ‘D ' wélhy'T'gmﬁff‘gif‘, the ASP has dorte a major dtsservtce to the student body.
' ' NHWIEdIIorI . . . . . . , . . . , . . , . . . . . . . , . . , . . .,Dulti)luJud o,Du|)i)|a Ptolola Pasteup: Kolloy Burke. Danna orw n. 0 y '65 . Wt ‘ _ '
§    Allocllio News Editor ,garrtitony Stlttor Eunnuy, .ttrn Capozzota. Erica D'Artamo, Joanne Gttdorstrteve. Elizabeth . ' Kiln OISE“
§ i . ‘SPacta Editor . . . , , . , ,, . , Dobbin Mtlllnan ileytnnn. Ginny Huber, Mary Altcu Links. Mark Waller SA Elev/tons Commission
§     AlloelateASPects Editors .Mvnnt‘G TayleraliMﬂl'D”
' , SoundEdifor  , . . . . . .,noport5eltnoidor Photography prrnclpatly auppltrtrt hy Utttvurslty Photo Service. a student .
5   DID Vllion Editor . .. LisurmeSokolowski p, V 
1/  N T Sports Editor . . . . . . . . .. . .. .. Mare Schwnrz Chlnl Photographer: Davu Antler. UPS Stall: Chuck Dernsgmtvtuura B'usiLlctt,
: All ..Marx Levine Alan Calmn. Amy Cohort. Shorty Cohort. Rachel Lttwrn. t aruastr: r. o a ‘ ._ J ' I
5 w i , . ‘ 6 '     Eduarmlngszuﬁsfnm I ' Eri Iiulrma Mnttrtttont, Susan Eirrtno Mtnrhoh. Jean l‘tnrre-Loutu. David lttvntn. Liaa Srrn- lll llIC l‘l ltiily, ADI ii 15 ASP. (I iL‘i [Cf W115 tilled
b '  Ii .' .. .w x : , it It .thtVtrnnn . .. .
5 THe  T P , 5° MUCH GRaIN 22:35)“? Eh I I ~ 1 PM"  "‘“"“- m" 5""'““" w“"“" mm” """ V"’" "° " Incorrectly. I he hcudlttte should ltuvc rcad
. u n or . . . . . . . . . . . . . . v I . . . .
I . I L e  Editorial Agent-nit Tom KacandeaMtchanl Grttttntruld Wire Service and Entire contents copyright We! Albany Student Frau Corporation. all DIS-gynlmg ()IHHHHI‘ \Vc WEI-cl the error.
4 Even“ Edit : I :G|n* At end, Suzanna Ahuls. Arnuy rtghtu raunrvud. _ V
a      Adams. Maid ggrrﬂnimlgll‘li sﬂizititivititlr‘oxndrnv‘v‘ Crirrott. wtlltarn D Charrnnk. Inn Albany sttntunl Press in published iuesrtaya and rooms hetwrrerr
g BRoKe-   Nullcy Ctowlool. Huttort‘Konnoth Dlokuy, Bill Fltitiiiltl. Sloye Fox, Bub Gar: August anti June by the Albany Sludortl Press Corporation. an inrlnpendent
h M  “"1"”. Entry Goitnor, Burr Gordon, Joni Grennttnru. Loo Groanstrrln. Mark tlttl-lntvplt’dil corporlmiorl) " E m l I Ch.” wm‘ mumhmﬁ 0' “m Emlmlal
\ . . . Hammnmil A ' i K C i Marita, Roitorl Mttrtlnintto. Driviti Etitlotlttls uro W" on y to t u n t I L
if  a  |    M'C'WU'SDII mhlrmshbmuggn (g'liirlalr‘rI aﬂoh O'Connor. Karon Plrom, Phil nottrrt, policy lti subject to ruvrow hy the Ettitortai Bottzrt Column; are wrrttor:  
z" ' . ' ’ . . . r t : to nocossar y raptusurr
3 U . ' .Ptvnick. Linda Quinn le R tcit Mark Rosaiar. ilrtnrty Roth. Elton Srtrttntrlaro. Ity mundane oi lIll untvr rsity rornrnuntty and do r I t
g  S   Alan Somkin Mutin'Uhtu Lint-nit erqarrt Arttttn erk Spectrum and Events udrtnrtnt prtlroy Attvnrttntng pulley done not liltctrs‘illltly rulluct edltorlal Letters ‘0 H“, Cdnor Should be [ypcd' Include
o . ' ' , ' trltcy. .
v' HIS EMPTY HOU‘ée. mm"MMG'MMW'Ku'mm'm‘mm I ' Mailing utitlloﬁﬁi name, phone ntrntbcr and be no tnorc than 250
Bonnle stovan-mustrwssMatt-100' A'"“"{)S‘v‘,‘,"”',“,P':’“;,C“"29 words. Name will be held upon request on cer-
Hody Brodur. Assocmlo ilttsinuss Manager “Airbus” ‘Ni‘vli “"222”- l' _ I ‘ ~.( n V
i Collect) Frau Service Eulln Purim-n, Advnrltsrrto Manager 4-Y- din 0t.“th ) .5.
i J John Trollno Sirius Manager (510) 45/ BIIDZiJEZZ/(Iﬂtm
L—__.__ .

 

   

 

 

