 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
    
    
 

 

      
 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

  
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

    
 

 

 

 

i

)IDOH .LVBUD V

  

 

SEDVd BIENOI‘OENIZV-
:I'IESHIH NO .LSI1VN‘HnO

ssaud maams ANVS‘IV 3H1 or. tuawa‘tddns AGOHVd v
A BSVd

 

PUBLISHED t
y’-
"” central Avenue A A ‘ '
. r I 1 9 1 983
. V 0 L U M p I ’
I E L X X N U M B E R
l 9
t .‘ . I h . I
I I ‘I \x\ a i a
c, US Embassy n Lebanon

' E bombed' 39 killed in blast
I g s
I ‘I I Ii‘ct'rul, Lebanon
I g 5“ (Ai’) Rescue sthIlttds searched shattered concrete. ptiiverircd plaster.
I anti mangled oiltce i‘utnilurc ol~ the U.S. Embassy today.lookittg l'or
I more corpses attd survivors from the terrorist bombing that killed at
II least 39 people. including six Americans.U.S. officials said the death
I toll from tiie blast Monday could rise because at least two other
I Americans were missing. A Lebanese ol't'ieiiil said 22 Americans and
I 98 Lebanese were wottttded.

The blast. which ticcttred at l:05 pm. (6:05 lZST) blow off the front
wall'of tlte ccttter section ol' the seven story embassy from the gtotittd
to the rool‘ and tlciaslatcd tltc ground ﬂoor yisti scctioit iii tlte nor-
tlierii wing.

I I AiillilllilllI s and the engines raced Ibroiigli ilciiiit streets witli wail-
I mg sirctts aitcr tltc attack, iiisliing casualties born the scene aiid put-
I ting out tires in the bitildiiig atid several ctits parked around it.
 Casualties also wctc airlifted to [1.5. attd l-‘reitch hospital ships on
I tiotied oil the Beirut coast as state tutti private lieirul radios blatctl ap
II peals from hospitals for tirgetit blood donations.

I Police said the front ol' the seaside eiitbassy was blowtt out by 500
III to pounds oi explosives packed into a vehicle which witnesses described

E as a (iMC pickup." liut the police said it was not kttown if the ex~
I N  WCII’F' sci oil by remote control or ii' the driver was still iti it atid
I ew titise up.

I a 7;: Art earlier police report said tltc vehicle was a gray car tiscd by tile

II RI E ED MARUSSICN UPS Lebanese security police.

I a é Land near Albany County Airport; Shaker cemetery "prime spot" I I II I If in Washington. Assistant Secretary of State Lawrence [Eaglcbttrger
I I g. '1: Lateral! pending over the C(llib'lrut‘lmli of base/tall stud/uni. 5m“ “‘0 Wild Ali‘E‘EW‘mSI "‘Cll'd'ld ‘W" Furciit" schlcc 0mch “"0
I members of the ()l lice oi b/ﬁlilill‘y Cooperation and two employees of

, . I I. the Agency Ior international Development.
 A s    t The Pentagon identified the two dead military advisors as Stait'Sgt.
, p   e Ben H. Maxwell. 26. of Appomattox. Va.. and Sgt. lst Class Richard
Twine. 36. hometown unknown. The other Aitiericaits- confirmed dead
I I I were not immediatel identified.

If By Leah Kmmnowskt {WIN f’Wlll-‘rs 0" lhs‘ Promised sludutm and plan to Private radio stanzas said moreihan40peopic were killed in the cx- .. ,
___..___*_.__.__.._._ I > The Albunrcmonic AvSI u Class AA"n"inor “my”:  proceed? or nuke} mics and N” m “‘0 FrigioI'Licn'I‘I‘IIlIIiIllm SUVt-‘Ifill bladlt‘s new blIIOWII into the Mediterranean
I I I u -- . e .s' con ot  ~ " -' ' ~
I a < team lorIlbe I()akiand A's. and tlteir sponsors. the Il'lIowever. IeiIght survivng eldresscs oi' the Shaker Mosleni Ein Mrei>sseh ttlciglltlior‘libod‘.  

a town oi (oloiIueand Albany County. have already had ( ltrItstian religions sect have sought an injunction section was torn off by the botitb.

II 3 their sliare oi headaches in a season that has barely against the construction ol'tlte stadium. TliL‘ycltlltli Iiic U.S. Ambassador Robert Dillon. wlto was preparing to jog when
 5 I2 begun. I I btiildiiig ol' the stadium would disturb the 200' x 400' the hottib went ol‘i‘ attd was iii a jogging stiit. escaped from the tiibble
z r_ \VlillI a lawsuit pending over the construction ot' a cemetery where the founder ol' the Shakers. Mother of his top-floor ol'i'ice byclititbiiig otit onto a balcony. then tc-etiterittg

II .0 U m $1.2 Illillll)ll.I5,(XX)~SUEII baseball stadium. and delays Ann 1. is buried. on a lower i‘loor. lie stti'l'cted minor cuts and said the bomb-laden
I % ()3 m 2 over the signing oIi~ a threevway agreement. it looks as Sitak rs believe inIthc duality ol'(iods. and consider schich uiay crashed through a barricade.

E I.” 0 though tltc new ( lassI A l;astcrn League team \\‘Ill be Attti ice to be the iemalc equivalent to Christ. "I was standing up with a telephone iii one hand and a T-shii't iii the

I I  N 2 playing more than Just ti few games at Albany‘s II' the stadium is btiilt. home plate would be about other. i was prcpaiing to go ottt and log. when all of a sudden itiv oi"-
; 3  SIttIiLluiin this seasoiIi. I I Silt) Iyards l'roin the founder‘s grate. iust soiitlt ot‘ the l'ice collapsed.“ the aiiibassadoi told repoitcrs. ‘

II a II LLLlll  IiIiioich ltIoiIu \\I.itcrbin).I ( ttiiti., the A s stadium Isite. Albany illIltilliC_\I’ Douglas I\\'uid. “l was unable to Ititi\i.‘. Someone picked the itibble ol'l‘ tiic. My

II . I inst home game is sLliedulch Ior tonight. tepicsciitiiig the shakers. said. “it tiic stadium is built secretary and my deputy. ilob l’ttglt. pushed the iiibblc ol't me. i \\L‘li|
II E I/\IIIiCI seretal months ol consideration.Itlic Ill-acre near the ectiictIcty. ll will become the sideshow oi' the out the window and down a l‘ew t'loois anti then out."

I m PtlILLl ol land neat the Albatin (Ioniin Airport adia- basIeball llIL'ld. l’icsidcnt Reagan pitnscd Dillon's coinage and told icporteis in ‘
III I_ I cent to the liltli ceiituiy historic Shaker ( ciiictcinuas .Htatc .‘sttprentc ('otut iiistice l’tl‘»\'llltl Conway \‘l'tisliingion that “this criminal attack on a diplomatic cstahlisiinicii‘
 O a cliIosen as the prime snot Ior the luttirc home ot the tcsctvctl his decision last l-ritlay icgatdiug \\|ict|ici to will itot dctet limit will goals oi pcacc iii the teetoti." The l'
E Q A s. [be town at ( oloiiie and Albany County will be 13’ ............. 7. We. . N n l
I__ .
t. 92 ' '

E . ;> xc anges are una ecte y inese defector
. ; mi 1 ‘

 C m I   WWMWW.“  . . . . . . ' '
II TI 0 o “I “IIII (IIIIIIIIIII iiL'IH.‘ when she indicted the party ill c\[tI|:Iilllr decision.

I In 11 r_ . III“, "III/H R tug \\‘ll)I'Ill was that she was seeking political "‘l in Na wants to make asylum iii the UK.

I I/ _U > m I 7 __ V 7 7 V w tcltige.I llut I"to repudiate the (luncse btit the Chinese govetntncm doesn‘t think
z j) o 11 .‘stiidciit exchange programs between the ideological line is to dcclaic wtu, Slic cxacci» there is a icasoii. i think somebody instigated
Ir_Ith IQI m C United States and tiic People‘s Republic ol' hated the problem ol' l‘tice tor the Cliincsc by Ilu Na to make this action. Slie' a young girl
5 w F China apparently will not be all'ected by the the rciiiaiks site made,“ and doesn't iuidcistttnd any l€iig|isii at all.“
_< ciiltuial ctiibttrgo aiittoiiiiccd by China lust Magid also pointed out that there have said Ye. who is born l‘tltlilii tlniwrsit) in
7) week. accordingto Associate Professor Alvitt been ptetiotts dci'ectioiis “tiitliotit obvious Shanghai.
'UI Magid. Chairman of the Political Science political motivation on the part of tlic l-'.\c|iaiigc student Yan lluti thu was also

Department oi SUNYA.

Responding to the recent U.S. decision to
grant l‘)~_vcar-old Chinese tennis star llti Nit
political asylum. the Chinese government an-
nounced a lialt of cultural exchanges schedul-
cd for 1983.

“Put not aware of any Chinese person at
SUNYA who has been told to pack their
bags," said Magid. “nor of any American
students iti China who have been asked to
leave. All i know at this point is that it ltas
not al‘l'ectcd university exchanges."

Magid sttid he could only speculate as to
llll Nu‘s reasons l'or detecting. “lieiiig
manipulated by the CIA is a popular. easy
charge. it could be that site was exposed to
pro-Taiwan interests. or maybe she's out to
itiake u niilliott bucks."

Magid suggested that had Hli Na not incit-
tioticd party pressures as her reason for
detecting. “the Chinese rcttction might not
have been so'shurp. I think she ltit a raw

Cliitiese del'cctot" and which met with little
protest from the Cliitiesc government.

“This is a very selective response on their
ptll'l. Cancelling student exchanges would be
seriously disruptive." he said.

international Student Services Director
Dr. Paul Ward saw no iiniticdiatc threat to
present or l'ttltirc student exchanges. “To the
best of my knowledge atid from what i've
read in the press. educational exchanges are
tioi al'l‘ectcd. There have been no queries to
this ol'l'ice by Chinese students regarding
their status '

Ward said that he knew ot‘ no cancellations
ol' exchanges planned for the fall of i983.
and that tiic 16 Chinese exchange students
now at Albany were iii no danger.

Wlicit risked whether he ttiiglit be asked to
return to China. Visiting Scholar Iiiin Zliang
Ye said. “i don't think so.” Ye, who is work-
ing in SUNYA’s lliology Department. coin-
nieutcd art the reasoning behind the Chinese

 

 

sttspiCltttts of why lltt Na dcl'ectcd.
"Somebody tuiist have arranged for her to
detect. Site has a lawyer.“ Kim said she felt
that llii Na was “lioodwinked.”

Dr. Magid poitited out that any emphasis
put on llti Na's retaining a awyer is
understandable. bccaiisc lawyers are cxti cinc-
ly tare lll China. lie added that tlieie was not
L‘V’Cll'tl criminal justice system tittder the coili-
muuist icgimc until about live years ago.
l:llllliL'i'iiilll‘C. Magid said that since llii Na
has a lawyer. it is implied to Chinese
observers that she has at least oitc go-bctweett
assisting lier. since she does not speak
English.

Another exchange student. in Yttnan. said
that ill a recent television appearance. llii Nit
used Chinese pltrt cs not usually tised by
Mainland Chinese. Said Yuiiau. "i believe
someone was working behind her. She is be-
ing lured away. i don't think a kid like her
can make any sc siblc decisions." l l

 

Venvvﬁwwt 1r.er manage-v.3.“ 1.3 -u.; :ga—r

 

    

an Manussion uas
Vlslttng scholar Han Zhang.Ye
"I think somebody instigated Hit Na... ”

 

emu we: "as. i‘nloutw-u. ,..

 

