.s—m

are

 

NOVEMBER 9. 1983

 

 

 

alance ,

by Daniel Barth

ottbalance
lfbaliI“Ce
Trot all mew
their 539
a rest is Q“
(or the P93

Soul
and u have an

“2 necessary
Ce of mi“

ough mone

e [5 armssed
"’ blow, cry/n
[30/5 d "9 g
05 yo“ f" 5a d unis/:3,“ noses
r e '
p edInto I
(fade) ’ to m

it's been years

you've never returned
you sit in the corner
and count the turds
make funny noises
and write on the walls.
the days

are the nights

as far as you know
your friends are no more
as far as you know

Cinema With A PersOna

y at“)an

touch push you key men

  
   

MIC/7e”

completely
quite quick
and check the off. if you will
y're done

painless and

e remoVed
bio
for the ::!:ollected

you thank them
21(3):!”an 5’01" life
hat you ”” VOL"

    

d and d m0“ 0v 2
o m \ackerg an U the baldness of .
stralg race \e your head
oteSque a kevho
9‘ wrong“ .
evewas View and 5mm e
krtrov me nuts on
to ed ‘)
d curs
who “3 , d
k treatment .5 you . who ha
gropan to shnc _ st-rppe ants
and map the track marks 8;“) we attend m“ wmm
on la  sea 8 lapgtbzlfusav LJoodbyt‘ l" 9
ant l e , r l
. wo cars N . oil(
may lease you (or another l y ‘ the cell . the cell ol \llL w
to experiment m‘d en 0

and discover

the wonderful facets of the mind

 

ir a lazy. sunny Tuesday afternoon. '

0 in the gravel-strewn parking lot ol|

Del's Car Wash. l encountered srr~

rneone wrtlr a dream 'l'hls person’s dream was!

to give everyone an alternative. This alter I
native is called the Spectrum 'l'heater;w

Shirley Davis

Keith Pickard. his wile Sugl. Scott Meier.
and Annette Nanes. all former SUNYA
students. started the Spectrum Theatre iii May
Willi. after deciding that an independently
owned theater in the capital district was
desperately needed. They wanted to show
ltlrns. first-run. Hollywood and foreign. which
they felt would attract a substantial audience.

This group already started a theater tr
Renssalear. the 3rd Street Theatre. anc
through dedication and a few years of hard
work. it paid olf But they felt it was time to
move on to new hortrons. They wanted to
move to a place where there was no such
thing as a Spectrum Theatre.

Pickard. on lirst impression. struck me as a
very mellow man. content with lris tob.
friends. anti home life. But underneath it all is
.r rrran pursning the American dream; to find a
need and fill it l’icknrd ls trot the prime mover
of this venture. but one of an equal four.

l’it.lturrl. with his clear. blue. irrielligeirt
eyes. discussed his philosophy of life and how
if Illtllllf‘f‘ilfffl itself in the Spectrum. He feels
that the llii'rllt'i has a lot more to offer than a
regular movie house Later. walking around

 

      

 

. .. > d ‘
the place. i felt his personality all around. by l’lckard and crew. another example of the
creating an atmosphere of fun and relaxation. personalized touch lacking in mass produced

Entering the building. llelt like i was walking movie houses.
through the doors of a Sti‘s movie theater. llte theater does many tliingstoenco‘urage
isonalized ticket booth and its attendance. such as a children 5 fair. SUNY
A few seconds later. I discounts. and suggestion boxesthat are really

with its small. [re
spartan. clt'an walls.
was greeted with a touch of the avant-garde. .r opened. ‘
concession counter whose attraction was not [he cultivated Spectrum audience is a
popurrn. but pastries. bakltrva. ice cream. and broad cross section: students. businessman

a healthy happy

balanced . . .

1 Touch

his patrons. because he feels that they know
exactly what they want and will View the

movies witli the proper appreciation He feels

that other audiences are lulled irrto seeing the
big-budget filrrts due to the enormous media
hype. But he isn't a movie snob As a matter
of fact, he tends to find something good about

most of the movies he sees.
Threading its way throughout our conversa-
tion were his attitudes about life and his
"baby." the theatre. Plckard said that while he
doesn't know exactly what will become of him
in the long run. for now the theater is liilfillirrg
him. He related his experience to SUNYA
students and to people who don't .irow what
they are doing. Why not try sonr thing new?
He doesn't claim that the theater vill strive all
the problems of the world. but people tend to
leave the theater a little light hearted. a little
sad or even thought provoked.
The owners of the theater are all former
SUNYA students who left the school and went
their separate ways  why are they back in
Albany doing this? l’ickard spoke about the
need to have roots. to establish something
concrete aird be able to say. “i iey. i did
something good. l'rn making people happy.H
He wasn't lust talking about himself. but about
everyone. This is reflected in his theater. his
horrre away front home.

I realiretl why he kept emphasizing that his
theater was different. You didn't go lust to set.-
a movie. but to have another experience.

 

other sophisticated confections. Sitting down. and professionals Not your average Smokey
ll looked up to see a hand painted mural done and the Bandit crowd. Finland is vey proud of

another alternative ~ sort of like watching a
movieirtafrtend'sliouse. l l

‘ rm aw wmmwmw- "mm A- 

 

NOVEMBER 9, 1983

... cw“. ~««~v--.~.-r--«~~.~e»~p-m»,. ..,. _..,...,,.... r». 

 

ngmar Bergman has been creating
[films for almost forty years. His
reputation as an artisan of cinenra

and his ability to direct lilms have enabled
him to experiment and incorporate surA
realism Into his work

 

Ken Dornbaum

Funny and Alexander Is the culmination of
his long career and his best work to date.
The story is an intricate portrait of a Swedish
bourgeois larnily In the early twentieth cen‘
tury.

Funny and Alexander was released in
New York City this past June and is now en-
loying its premiere in Albany at the Cine
1-2-3-4-5-6. it is a film of soft transition.
romantic passion. religious ritual and family
tradition. Commencing in a yellow tint.
Bergman slowly unfolds the vast complex-
ltles of each character. Alexander (Bertll
Guve) is the first to appear. On this
Christmas Eve of 1907, the ten-year—old
plays with toys that Imitate theatrical props.
Through his eyes we see the fantasy-filled
house punctuated with mechanized
reproductions of people and statues which
move. All this sets the tone for the
household of the Ekdahl family. whose for~
tune comes from the theatre It owns.

As Alexander plays. the various servants
scurry about preparing for the family's
Christmas gathering. it is at this point that
Bergman unfolds the story dichotomizlng the

'real and the surreal.

The luxtaposltlon of the many orderly
adults and the four mischievous young
children demonstrates the rigtdness of the
bourgeois. Yet. Bergman foreshadows Alex-
ander's future by lrarnlng him between ob-
jects in almost every early shot. For exam-
ple. candles are placed with his face centered
In between. This restraint isolates him sym-
bolically as a rebel who fervently attempts to
escape his oppression. The theatre provides
such escape.

With every subsequent scene we learn
more about the direction of the film.
For Bergman. every person who dies re-
mains in the physical world as a ghost. This
surrealism is done so effectively that one
becomes confused as to what exists in a

 

Meditations On

n any giVen social situation. one of

the most conversation-provoking

questions is. “What Is your favorite
color?" From here. people probe. push and
analyze. There is a great deal of symbolism
In color: how we perceive it. and how we
use it. Beyond trying to analyze why red is
my favorite color. however. the thing that
pulls more at my brain is why. before
anything else. do | see objects as the sum
total of their colors.

Rina Young

 

 

When i first saw the sculpture which Is
now in front of the Fine Arts Building. even
before It registered as a shape or a piece of
an. i perceived it as red. A simple abstract
color that only later took on the qualities of a
piece of sculpture. My suitemate refers to me
as "the red flash" as i walk by because of my
red scarf and hat. The other day l lolned
some friends at dinner. but before 1 could sit
down. i was questioned as to where l was
wearing the red today. i pointed down to my
boots.

Sometimes it can be a bit weird to put col-
or as a first priority when viewing something.
This seems to be necessary processed by the
mind's circuitry. I learned the hard way that
everyone deals with color in different ways.
When I conflict with someone. it becomes a
trig issue. Take. for instance. my last
boyfriend: to him. clothes are what you put
on your body to keep you covered. As long
as things didn't clash. he was all rlglit. /\n
achromatic type of guy. involved with a very
chromatic dresser. i once tirade the mistake
of imposing my passion for color by buying
him a deep purple sweater and a red tie for
his birthday. Only with large doses of white
was be able to wear the red or the purple.
but never the two together. i saw it as a
perfect combination. he saw it as oversatura-
tion.

For people like ltlili. things are pretty
much either black or white. liither it is or it
isn't. The neutral shades in between are for
those niedlocre-to-gnorl days. and color
finally appears only when everything is going
extremely well. There is an unlimited array
of color that we can perceive as well as in-
teract wltlr In our world. The green of the
grass that we see at sunrise is different in cut-
or Intensity than what we see at high noun.
or In the late dusty hours of the day. The
morning clouds speak to us In an awakening
that is yet to conre. whereas those clouds

luminescent with the final rays of sunset ease
us into the slumber of the night.

it is not only a matter of color. though. but
of color interacting with light. form. texture
and balance. A green cube provokes In us
different stimulus than the green of a blade of
grass. Color Is one of the most exciting sen-
sations in our environment. This Impact of
color in our world is a sensory undercurrent
running through us at all times.

Much of this is theory as well as a matter of
aesthetics. Color appeals lnstlnctually to our

 

 -.   ., 

 

.3..‘..,~.— .w-”,,..¢m

ASPECTS 7a

 

Colorful Vista.”

Bergman’s Best

    

physical mode. Oscar reappears to his
mother Helena (Gunn Wallgren) and to
Alexander to explain reality.

After Oscar's death. his wife Emilie (Ewa
Froling) begins courting the town‘s bishop
(Jan Malrnlol. Alexander is first confronted
with the austere bishop by the request of
Emilie. In a condescending manner. be ex-
plains to Alexander the difference between
lying and Imagination. Alexander has told
his schoolmates that his mother has sold him
to a traveling circus. After his monologue
with Alexander. the bishop announces to
Fanny and Alexander that he will marry
Emilie. Both children are disappointed and
saddened.

After the simple wedding. the family reset-
ties In the Bishop's plain house. removing

aveleng

of light irti it. off the white wall behind you to
give a reddish glow that is reﬂected back Into
the nape of your neck. reacting with the
shadow of brown of your hair to give it a
burnt umber feeling. Your black shoes reflec-
ting off the floor onto the stark white of cell—
ing project upon it an aura of greylsh mist.
When the red glow of your sweater on the
wall meets with the greylshcast on the ceiling
at some point on the plane. you can pick up
the warm glow of the tinted grey. Your
friend's indigo sweater and pink sweatpants

 

 

 

'  u
‘ ‘.

1' 

J

 

“A;

Lit

MERE-aura . ,.

 

errrotioiis We are shaped by the colors we
interact with. as they provoke our senses and
Influence our understanding of ourselves
and the World around us. .Just as black ab~
sor'bs all color wavelengths. we can block this
process out of we choose to. Dr. in opening
tip completely to the thought of color. it can
become overwhelming; everything goes
white in the mind from the infusion of all
wavelengths of color in the spectrum

The sensation of color occurs by the
responses of our eyes to different
wavelengths of light. and what becomes of
those wavelengths as they bounce off the
substance of the universe. or. more approx-
imately. the substance of your visual reality.
What color is the shirt you're wearing? Red?
But a red shirt does not mean that only that

 

area is red. but It is now reflecting. as the rays



. any" . -. . .r. .t- .'

 

""‘-' "*2"! ﬁrm

    

‘ van der Leclt: Study. 1916-17
are mixing in this colorful cacopharry to
create many different shades of violet arid
orclrrd on the wall. mixing with the reddish
grey and emitting a warm violet.

This bouncing. reflecting and refractlng of
light is a continirous process It Is. however,
something which we are trot conscious of
everyday Well. most of us At the present
moment I airi debating whether or not to tell
you about the butterscotch candy iii a yellow
wrapper. and the cigarette on my desk.

it is the mixtures of colors that we must
stop and think about. We try and differen-
tiate between one color and another. These
few seconds of relection make us realize that
here is something out there. important
:nough to take time out to think about. This
is a reason as to wiry artists spend their lives

 

 

itself from the world of fantasy'and imagina-
tion of the Ekdahl's. No apparitions appear
here. Rather. the children find themselves
confined In a white room with two beds and
a dollhouse once owned by the three
Jacobies. a Jewish family of creditors and
puppetmakers. The elder Jacobi, lsak
(Erland Josephson). helps Fanny and Alex-
ander escape from the cruelties of the Bishop
by hiding them In their small shop. which is
cluttered with surrealistic puppets and
masks. One of lsak's 'nephew's' is the an-
drogynous lesbian lsmael (Stina Ekblad).
who puts in a great performance as a witch.
She implants In Alex's mind images of his
stepfather burning. which is the bishop's
demise. lsmael. like the children. Is locked In
a cage and punished for her creative powers.

Funny and Alexander blends the past
cinema style of surrealism with modern
technology and lunges into themes few film-
makers are able to grasp. Bergman does so

effectively. Unfortunately. he claims that this'

is his last film. it is said that poets keep
rewriting the same poem until they reach
perfection. With Fanny and Alexander.
Bergman has reached quintessence.

Alexander's Uncle Gustave summarizes
Bergman’s intentions for the film: "We must
be able to grasp the world and its realities.
Don‘t be sad. though. artists and actors.
because you give us supernatural shudders.
Tire world is a den of thieves. Poison affects
us all. Let us take pleasure in the little world
inside the thick walls of the playhouse so we
can better understand the harsh world out-
side."

trying to perfect the ides of color on the can-
vas. The continuing struggle of trying to
represent what is in the mind. on the canvas
takes much of the artist's mental energy.

Beyond shape or movement. the innate
thought theat there is color in every object
leads us to pursue the significance and pur-
pose in the relation of It all. This pursuit may
spur you on to keep looking for the qulltles
that have moved you to poroduce some
emotion. if you have the personal ex-
perience of a peculiar emotion. It may lead
you to the search for the cause of the emo-
:ion. There are no strict classifications or ob-
lectlve qulitles when dealing with color.
merely the simplicity of emotion as a reaction
to it.

i associate color with my moods of elation
or depression. Color emenates certain auras
of vibration when the mood is a positive
one. When 1 close my eyes. i can still Im-
agirre my feelings towards them. One week.
while i was feeling physically unwell. all of
my paintings took on the colors that had a lot
of black in them. Every cough that racked
my body could be seen in all of the slow.
deliberate. dark colored brush strokes. There
was no spirit or feeling within me to paint the
JSuﬂl bold and bright colors with which i am
.rsed to painting. After awhile. I found that
the whole mood of my paintiirg became
somber. As the week progressed. my spirit
lifted as my health returned. All of the bright
pigments returned to my painting and the
colors began to vibrate and dance around
the page.

One can still respect the beauty of pure
black and white. but once color enters our
perspective. the iirragirralion cart stretch to
farther llrnits No two people can know the
same color of violet. because each has a dif-
ererrt perception. or coding of that color. yet
hey can each enjoy the beauty that it brings
nto their world.

These two people will have a closer ran<
vge of the perception of red. since it is a col-
or more easily coded for. Yet i find that
when i mention fuchsia. i start to get some
blank stares. When i inquire about the
knowledge of the color heliotrope. then i
start to lose people en masse. Colors can't
be described. but must be experienced.

From the dictionary. l have discovered
that heltoirope is a reddish-purple. But how
red the purple. and how will lknow it when i
see It? My guess is still on for the perception
of this color. And if i find it one day. I'll show
i to you. Cl

