xwmmgﬁa“

a?


l

“5%?

 

 ,  _ 'D‘écembé,‘ ALBANY sruomr PRESS‘EI

DECEMBER 6, 1983 '

 

....g...me Albany's”

By TOM KACANDES
Sports Editor

it’s that time of year again. All ofa sudden,
people are worried about ﬁnals and the
library ﬁlls up. Things look grim. Then, the
first real snowfall hits and all the long faces
disappear. The effect of snow on the morale
of the student population in general is con-
sidefa’ble, but there's a group of skiers
among us whose blood heats up when the
white stuff comes down.

Now that mercury rarely rises above freez-
ing, we need only one good snowfall for
Nordic (cross-country) skiing, but for
downhill skiers the season is already under-
way. “Many people aren‘t aware of the fact
that there’s plenty of good skiing in Vermont
and on the snowmaking mountains in New
York right now," said Beth Silvergold, vice-
president of the SUNYA Ski Club.

During the past several years, ski resorts all
over the East have been putting up millions
of dollars to establish or expand snowmaking
facilities. This allows mountains to open up
as soon as cold weather hits and gives skiers
more time on the slopes.

Even though Albany has had only a few
dustings of snow so far many areas have trails
open, determined to make their own snow
when nature doesn't come through. Last
year, Stowe up graded its snowmaking to
cover 54 percent of the resort's skiable ter-
rain. The Catskill resorts use snowmaking
heavily to extend and improve their seasons.
Resorts Including Hunter, "Snow Making
Capital of the World," Windham, Holiday,
and Plattekill all have snowmaking systems
covering 90 percent of their mountains or
more.

"Most areas have 100 percent of their trails
open in early January depending on the
weather, but there’s no reason to wait that
long because all the major resorts are already
open,” Bruce Halstead, president of the Ski
Club, explained. "We‘re all set to start the
season.”

Despite the fact that Albany County is a
fairly ﬂat area, a myriad of downhill skiing
areas lay scattered to the north, east and
southwest, all less than three hours away.
Said Halstead, "Albany is very well situated.
There are plenty of good mountains within
one and a half hours.“ Silvergold
admitted.“Albany's location close to the

 

 

 

plained that SUNY students have relatively
easy access to the Catskills region and Ver-
mont resorts such as Killington and Sugar-
bush. .

All this is old news to SUNYA’s die-hard
skiers, but many freshmen, transfers, and
would-be beginners may not be aware of
how much the region offers. One ofthe East
Coast's biggest ski regions is right here in
New York: the Catskills. In general, resorts in
the Catskills are smaller, less expensive, and
closer than the big Vermont resorts. Hunter
Mountain is probably the best known of the
Catskill resorts. With its massive snowmaking
setup, 37 slopes, and an average season of
148 days, Hunter is a very attractive package.
This does lead to problems though. Hunter
sometimes suffers from overpopularity. As
Silvergold noted,"You can forget Hunter on
most weekends; it‘s too crowded." Despite
this Hunter remains the premier resort in the
Catskills.

Another Catskills offering is Belleayre
Mountain at Highmount, New York.
Belleayre has an expanded snowmaking
system that allowed it to offer 103 days of ski-
ing last season. Bellcayre also has many
miles of cross-country skiing over four Nor-

 

Blnghomion

0

Deer Run

Holiday

New Jersey

I

 

A Q “2
Plattekill

® A Catskill
~ his
Bobcat

9 A 5059 /
Belleoyre E Saugerties

@ Kingston

63>
\iliﬂ
ll

Schenectady EX"
25A

/
* Albany

Horrimon
{ New York City

 

 

Plattekill in Roxbury, New York offers ex-
pert trails on its LOGO-foot vertical and exten-
sive snowmaking to keep the trails well
covered. Farther south, there’s 100 percent
snowmaking at Holiday Mountain and 21
trails to choose from at Big Vanilla. Closer to
home are Cortlna Valley, which has 90 per-
cent snowmaking capability, and Bobcat's
1,050-foot vertical as well as Deer Run.
whose snowmaking covers 70 percent of
their 15 trails.

One of the area's better mountains is Ski
Windham in Windham, New York. With a
new triple chairlift, four new trails (25 slopes
and trails total), and 95 percent snowmaking
capability, Windham should offer some of
the Catskills‘ better skiing this season.
SUNYA’s Ski Club has a day trip to Windham
planned for this upcoming weekend. Said
Silvergold, "Windham is nota pro mountain.
We’re just looking to give people a chance to
get back into it and have some fun."

If “pro mountains" are what you’re look-
ing for. the best thing to do is look nor-
thward. Killington, Stowe, Sugarbush, and
Whiteface are certainly among the best
mountains in the East.

Killington, long a favorite of more ex-
perienced skiers because of the tremendous
diversity of trails over its six mountains, also
has established an excellent beginners pro-
gram.

“Killington is definitely my favorite
because you can go from one trail to the next
all day and there's always good skiing."
SUNYA sophomore Kathy Dclahanty
declared. "They also have lots of export
trails.” In addition to that, Killington will
have .1 SUNYA outpost this season. The Ski
Club has rented a ski house at Killington for
the spring season, "and it's already booked
for every weekend.” according to I'lalstead.
"Killington is a relatively expensive place to
ski ($24 lift tickets), but we‘re charging
members as little as possible and a number
of people jumped on the offer," he said.

Another great Vermont resort is the Stowe
complex which consists of two mountains:
Mt. Mansfield, Vermont’s highest mountain,
which has a 2,150-foot vertical drop and
trails that average over a mile in length; and
Spruce Peak, which has a vertical of 1,550
feet and race courses protected by machine-
made snow. in all, there are 40 slopes and
trails at Stowe. "It’s a great mountain,"
Halstead affirmed, "it‘s a huge. spread-out
complex."

“My favorite place to ski is Sugarbush In
Vermont," Silvergold explained, "There’s
lots of diversity and great skiing all around.”
Sugarbush has two mountains, but you need
only one lift ticket to ski both. The resort’s
nightlife is also an attraction. Sugarbush has
an access road several miles long that's
chock-full of bars, discos, and food stands.
One example of these is the Lantern Lodge,
where partyers can participate in the In-
ebriated excitement of turtle racing.

The Ski Club is sponsoring a week ofskling
at Sugarbush during intersesslon. The cost Is
$l79 to members which includes five and a
half days of lift tickets and lodging In 6-12
person condominiums with full kitchens,

be “a good opportunity to meet people from
SUNYA and other colleges and a great time
all around," according to Silvergold.

Moving back to New York, Whiteface
Mountain, which hosted many events of the
1980 Winter Olympics, is now open to the
public and has many unique things to offer
the winter outdoors enthusiast. The area is
run by the State of New York, which is why
they don‘t have the money to install the sort
of snowmaking found on other mountains
and is also the reason that lift tickets cost on-
ly $11-$12. ’

“We can even get people $8 lift tickets
with their 'College ski bash’ rate,” Silvergold
explained. Whiteface and Lake Placid are
about two and a half hours north of SUNYA
and well worth the trip. Said Halstead, “Even
though they're dependent upon natural,
snow, Whiteface is truly excellent skiing.”- in
addition to normal ski slopes, Whiteface also
has the Olympic ski jumps (just like on TV
where the poor guy wipes out for‘40 yards)
as well as Iuge runs, several skating rinks,
and some of the best Nordic skiing trails (30
miles of them!) in the East.

Those interested in taking advantage of
any of Whiteface's unusual offerings or in
becoming members of the Ski Club should
contact Bruce I‘lalstcad at 489-0551. The
club will also have representatives taking
deposits and registering new members on
dinner lines later this week.

“This is a boom year for the Ski Club,”
I'lalstead explained. "We've got over 200
members this year and we've planned some
great trips.” In addition to those trips already
mentioned, the Ski Club is also offering a
deal starting in January where members can
ski one night a week for six weeks (same day
each week) at liminy Peak in Mnssachussctts,
which is less than an hour from Albany. The
price is $42.00 for lift tickets, $33.00 for
transportation, and $27.50 for ski rental with
free lessons thrown into the bargain. "it
should be an especially good thing for begin-
ners who want to learn and practice,"
Silvergold said.

"The club is very flexible about trips; if
there's enough interest, we'll organize a day
trip anywhere people want to go,” Halstcad
explained. "We are an S.A. funded group
and our main purpose is to organize trips at a
discount from what people would pay other-
wrse."

Membership in the Ski Club is open to
graduate and undergraduate students and
faculty. The membership fec is $5.00 for the
season.

Nordic skiers are welcome on Ski Club
trips to areas that have Cross-country trails.
Nordic skiers can also get information about
places to ski from the Outing Club, which
meets on Wednesdays at 8:00 pm in LC 22.

if you’re interested in learning to ski or do-
ing more skiing, both clubs are good sources
of information and helpful to those who
aren't familiar with opportunltes for fun in
the snow around Albany. A little determina-
tion to get outside and off campus could
make you one of the people who welcome
every winter snowstorm.

 

 

' ETTERS

ampus Socialists

. the Editor:

You sec them on campus. If one of them isn't waving a
wspaper in your face condemning the invasion of
cnada, you will undoubtedly hear one of them preaching
eir economic dogma. I am referring to the various
ialist groups on campus. At first it appeared that public
rcry by area groups and residents over the invasion came
m a variety of sources. After investigation of the fine
int however. one begins to notice that many of these pro-
ts were organized by socialist groups (Washington Ave.
mory for example). It appears that since these groups
vc difﬁculty attracting "progressive" individuals with
c logic or their social theory. they use the guise of some

liticai event to bring people into their fold.
For those readers who are unaware of socialist doctrine.
is quitc'simplc. The government owns the means of pro-
ction and rcdistributes the wealth of the nation according
what it feels is a "just" distribution. It is quite doubtful
at these campus socialist groups are under the tutcledge
a professional economist or else they would realize. the
fficulty in defining “just distribution" is equal in difficul-
to explaining the meaning of life itself. Modern
onomists work long hours in deriving new theory to sup-
mcnt market theory in a capitalist economy. and then at-
pt to apply it at government level. To the socialist it can
said: YOU can not improve the distribution of wealth in
c United States or its economy by means already proven
be disastrous in other nations (Romania. Poland. East
rnrany. etc.) Socialism is a sleeping dog (dead actually)
a free nation such as ours. Therefore it should be Icft to
and rot like otltcr unsuccessful theories. not rcpuckagcd
d promoted in a nation whose citizens have no use for it.
— Timothy 1.. Taylor

' ice of quarters

. tire littilur:
It may cost a lot more than it quurtcr if students drink
viral and accidentally aspirati- the change! I thought our
rcfrrlly sclcctcd student body had outgrown this silly btrl
ngcrous gamc which seemed to be more popular a corrplc
yctrrs ago. Last night (Nov. 30), it happened again. Tbc
k is not so much in swallowing llrc moncy — though that
could crcnlc problems ~— as in getting it caught in thc
rout and choking to death.
l’lcrtsc urge your friends to keep their clutngc irt thcir
ckcis wltcn drinking.
—.l. llood. M.l).
Director. Slur/en! I'll‘tI/f/i Service

iverse group

I the Editor:
I writc this letter to corrcct an crror that appeared in the
P on December 2. I983. The headline to the article was
titled, “Karpatkin outlines Socialist Party goals for '84."
.lcrctny Karpatkin spoke at SUNYA on November 29. on
c topic of The Lefl and the I984 Elections. He is tire Na-
nal Youth Organizer for the Democratic Socialists of
I icrica (BSA). The error lics in the fact that DSA is not
c Socialist Party. nor a committee of it.
DSA is an independent organization of about 7.000 pco-
c who are also members of the Democratic party. Thus,
are not Socialist Party members infiltrating the
mocratic party. but rather. Democratic Party mcmbcrs
to are socialist in our economic and political
ilosophics.
We are often called the New Socialists. and unlikc other

gr“ '.

caspcctcs

Established In 191E
Mark ﬂasher. Editor Hi Chial
Patricia Mitchell. Lila Straln. Managing Editors

0W! Editor: . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . , . , . , . , , , . . . .Stevo Fox. Anthony Silhur
Alloclnla Now: Editors. . .iurry Carnpionc. Hindi Gralla
SPocta Editor. . . .....  .. . Gall Morroll
Anoellta As it. John Knunan
Sound Editor. ....... .. . Jonas Nuchsrn
Vlllon Editor. . . . , . .. Kun Dornbaum
port! Editor ... . . . Tom Kacandos. Mark anirrn
AIIOCIIIQ Sport: Editors . Marc Durrurrn. Keith Martini
dltnrlat Page: Editor .. . , . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Erlwarrl Rhinos
. . Vtrgrnut Hutmr. Kulloy Lana. Annottu Pirrol
.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Eu Murusmch
nun Eula. Duutne Judgn. Wuyna Purrrnboom. Editorial
Jana Anrtorsun. Dunn Charrn. Stavu Marks. Jim O'Sultryun. Stall
Ilclrt Clmhora. Ian Clumunts, ltutsy Eckol. Ronald Brunt Gurstnn.
titun Goodman. Ben Gordon. Hopurl Hayrrn. Eric thritn. Miltltll Kim. Alrrm
BDnnnotl. David Mlchaulaon. Lian Mirithutia. Cnryn Mrsku. Suzurrrur Mur
"Y. Chrlaltrrtt Ralielt. Liz neich. Jon Romano. Shotlah Sanlu. Fran Srivorrnrrn.
livid Sinuur. Alan Somktn. Inn Spoiling, Mrku Tuunlub. Manna Gray Taylor.
uitn Thorburn. Potty Tlschlor. Krrirh Van Allan. Mntk Wtinarrt. Adran WIIk.
l:lm Willmall. Flinn Young. Spectrum Editors: Ellurr Fitluorald. iinnt
t nabarg

Hody Brod". Business Manager
Judy Tor-l Asaaciale Hus/nus Mammal
J rich. Adv-Inning Manaarr
M I Krllmlr. Salas Manny"

 

 

 

 

socialist and fur-Icft groups in Amcr’icnn politics. wc arc
distinctly rmn-idcologicul and non-dogmatic. As no
ur‘guni/ution. wc nrc corrunirtcd to a dcmocrrttic socicly
that plolccls political turd t'cligious frccdom for all pcoplc.
Iltrf wc are also struggling to bring tlcruocracy to cvcry
:tspccl of Amcr‘lcun Iifc. \Vc hclicvc that critical invcslntcnt
dccisions have to bc tzrkcn out of the board rooms and
mudc dcrnocrrrlicnll). Wc hclic\c that it is llrc rich who ncctl
to bc taken off wclfnrc. illitl who must get to work. Our vi-
sion is of :1 world socicty in which pcoplc bnvc rt voicc irt lhc
programs that ill -ct tlrcir‘ livcs. Wc ncw socialists - op-
posctl to all LllL‘llilttHlilpS. no muttcr what name they
choosc to gi\c llictltsclvcs — thus scc democracy as a mcuns
of rcstructuring Amcr'icnn socicly.

Wc ur‘c it diwrsc orgzrni/ntlon, and our mcmbcrs nrc
drawn from llrc i'crninisl. civil rights. labor. and pcacc
movcmcnts. lnnoug runny oihcrs. Our members inclttdc
U.S. ltcprcscnrarivc Ronald Dcllums of California; Ncw
York City (’uuncilmcmbcr Ruth Mcssingcr; William Win-
pisingct‘. l’r'csitlcnl —- Inlcrnalionttl Association of
Machinists. and Editor of Ms. magazine. Gloria Sicinctn.

I)cspitc Ihc crrors in llrc article. DSA is grateful for thc
covcrngc givcn by llrc ASP. Crivcn the fact that the mcrc
mention of llrc word socialist cvokcs many negative rcnc-
lions. ol'lcn Icnding to rcd-baiting: llrc fair and unbiased
rcporring by rhc ASP is dccply appreciated and admired.

—Briun F. Van (:rol
S/rrdcnr Coorrlinrrlor, Democratic Socialists of America «I
SUNY/t

Silence broken

To the Editor:

I lravc rcmaincd silent for somc timc now about an issue
that has madc mc morc and morc angry. While I bclicvc in
and support fcminist idcns —— feminism is rcally making me
angry (hcsidcs no man can hc a feminist, ycl wc‘rc suppos-

cd to unticrstrrnd).

Why am | angry? No it's not that I fcar an cud to my
white malc supr'cmucy. At work most of rrty supervisors arc
cornpclcnt. rcspcctrtblc l'cmalcs by whom I do not 1ch

BllllngAccounlunta,
Payrollsuparvlsor.. . . . ,.
OliicaCoordlnalor

. . Lisa Ctavrnan. Randoo Behar
..   GavPernss
. Susan Moskowrtz
ClasallludManagor .Jonnrtor Bloch
Composition Manager . . .,.. . .. ..,. Mrckoy Frank
Advertising Sales: Mark Sussrnan. Bob Gureau. Rich Goidon. Stuvo Lemur
man. Danielle Karrnot. Advertising Production Managers: Julio Mark. Rhonda
Woll Advortlalna Production: Amy Altursonn. Jackie Donato. Lac Erlckﬁon.
Mickey Frank. Eluum Frmrtnr. LiSfI Kurt. Lrna Malatusia. Paige Marcus. Ellyn
Muto. Sharon Okun. Cumin Ryan. Lynnu Slrtgul, Sluvrrn Zoigor

Holly Pruatl Production Manager
Sun Pitchinsky Associate Production Manager

. .CnlhinRyan
Chlanyposullni
Pasta-up: Bound Arjurnr. .‘iusnn Kr-nt, Sharon Maylrrm. Dub Slekl. Henlhor
Sanrlnrn. Typlsls. Jun Capo/ruin. Jounnu Grlrlrrrstuuvu. Lancoy Hoyrnan.
Vrrprniu Hutmr, Fulton mass, Sun Mrllrgan. Chautiuur: Eric Dori

Photography principally supplrurl by thuvnrsrly Photo Snrvrnn. rt studnnt

Chlol Photograph-u: Susan Eirnru- Mrrulrch. UPS stall: Amy Cotton. Shorry
Lcr: Cotrrrn. Cindy Galway. Philip lluck. Kunny Kirsch. Rachol thwln. nobort
Luckuy. Eu Marusrurnr. Lou. Mntrahoru. tlarry ltnrctun. Lisa Simmons. erurun
Sitter. I'lotunt Sou , Erica Spnrgul. Willflill Stout. Jurnns Vrtltmtmu. Jason
Yupprri

Entire curllttnts copyright will Albany Student Press Corporation. all

rights rosarvod.
ihu Albany Strnlurrt Press rs putrlrshud Tuesdays anti Frrrtays trrrtwuun

August .uul Junn try ltru Albany Struiunl l'rnss Corporation. an independent
nor‘tnr-proirl corporation
Frlrtnrruls uru wrttrun try the Editor In Cnlul wrth murnbors oi the Editorial

donut. policy is autumt Io rrrvruw by tho Editorial Board Columns aro wrrlton
by mumtrcrs at tho unrversrty community and do not rmcossarriy ruprasunl
mtllorrat pulrcy Arlvurllsrnu policy rtnua not necessarily rutlncl udiloriai
putrrzy.

Mailing address:

Albany Student Pleas. CC 320
MOD Washington Ave.
Albany NY 12222

 

(bill) 457-8‘89213322I3389

tbr‘crttcncd.

Why am I angry? Perhaps it is hccausc Ms. Post con-
sidcrs it a mulc privilcgc to rape. molcsl and nbusc-childrcn.
Sorry to disillusion you. but in my special cd. cxpcricnccs I
have workcd with many many scxunlly nbuscd boys -—
many rzrpcd rrnd molested by sick and perverse mothers and
sislcrs (in fact I hnvc sccn . torc such boys than girls).

Why am I angry? Perhaps it is becausc anyone who tries
to discuss God and rcligion is told to shut up and stop con-
vcrring others to thcir bclicfs. howcvcr Ms. Post and others
go on prcrtching tltcir religion of feminism. lesbianism and
mcnhuling.

Wily um I angry? I’crhrrps it is because I have sccn trinity
womcn — young and old, browbculcn and mocked bccnusc
lbcy wcr’c happy to bc housewives and mothers. lbcrcforc
thcrc is somctlting wrong with them.

Why inn 1 angry —- not because I oppose chinism —
but because I oppose the mentality of hatred. misuse of
facts. and convcrsion that gocs along with it. Stop hating us
Ms. Post and try working Willi men and maybe we can solve
sonic of tire rt-al problems in this world.

— Bruce Levy

Classism appears

To the Editor:

I would “k to draw attcntion to thc disturbing ap-
pctirttncc ofcla. . ism on this campus. On any given day. the
iahlcs. chairs and floor of the campus center cafctcriu and
snack bar are covered with pcoplc‘s garbage. Not only is
this rm inconvcnicnl cycsorc. it is a statcmcnt about how
some people vicw lhcmsclvcs and the campus ccntcr
cmployccs - that thcsc slobs think they arc too good to
throw our thcir own Icl‘tovcrs and thc "laborers" should do
it for thcm. I think it is abusive to create cxtra work for
pcoplc otrt of such cxtr'cmc laziness.

—l’nultl M. White

Irresponsible lobbying

'l‘u llrc Editor:

Today I wcnt to Dutch Quad for dinner. and was quiic
strr'pr'iscd to scc rt ncw form of political lobbying --- “sin.
dcnt activism" at its worst. tin nhsolurc shuntc.

Il sccms thcrc's rm ci'i'orl to prcvcnt IllL‘ drinking .tur
from bcing raised l0 2]. To cnconrztgc pcoplc to wrilc It
ms and sign pctirions. coupons for l'rcc drinks wcrc l't'ttty
handed out.

\Vlrcthcr or not I am for or ttgninsl the proposed clrnncc
in thc drinking rtgc is cntir'cly bcsidc llrc point. l’ctitiutts .uc
valid c\pr'cssiorrs of political conviction \vltcn lltcy arc I't'cc-
Iy signed; sigttcd by pcoplc who sign for llrc pru’posc of
making tlrcir voicc Itcnrd. Lcltcr writing campaigns also illl'
\rrlid cxprcssions of public prcfcrcncc whcn iltcy. too. :rrc
\\'I‘illct1 to cxprcss an opinion.

Wt: would not considcr a petition signed bccnusc. so). it
pcr'sort \vns offcrcd money to be valid. or honest; but would
we cxpcct it to hc vcr‘y cl'l'cclivc. In whrrr scnsc is n l'r‘cc
drink any diffcrcnt than u monctnry t‘cwurd? In no scnsc.

Ilcsidcs llrc obvious misuse of political action in offcring
rcvurtls to students for signing pctitions. the credibility of
lltc student body us it whole to cngrtgc irt political efforts. is
scvcrly rccndcd by things Iikc this. If lltc pcoplc rcsponsiblc
for this ci‘fort want to show political Icrrdcr's that ihc sill-
dcnt body is not plcuscd with lhc proposctl incrcasc. llrc
propcr -— and rrcccptiblc way — is to organize a petition
campaign that pcoplc will or will not sign according to their
pcrsonitl prcl'cr'cncc. Coaxing students with a “free drink"
is not only ironic. it is n distasteful slrumc. And I scr'iottsly
doubt if it is going to lipr them convincc politicians to
listen.

—— Lawrence Friedman

 

