v.2... ‘

... ... .. «Junie

 

  

. ..- . rsmﬁmromsgm

 

WORLDWIDE

Grenada fightingcver

[faint Salinas. Grenada
(AP) U.S. officials have declared that the
ﬁghting in Grenada is over. They plan to fly
expelled Soviet. Cuban and Libyan
diplomats from the island Thursday and
withdraw 2.000 American troops today.

An estimated 600 Cubans remain in cap-
tivity on Grenada. bttt 57 wounded Cuban
prisoners were flown home Wednesday to a
personal welcome from tlteir commander-in-
chlef. President Fidel Castro.

in Grenada. however. a Cuban diplomat
said the 37 Cubans confined in their embassy
and surrounded by U.S. paratroopch would
refuse to leave the island until after the
evacuation of the rest of their countrymen
captured in the U.S.-led invasion. No date
has been announced for the captives' return
home.

The UN. General Assembly. meanwhile.
adopted a resolution calling for withdrawal
of foreign troops from Grenada. The United
States. one of only nine countries to oppose
the resolution Wednesday. said the number
of American troops on the tiny Caribbean
island would be rcdttced frotn 5.000 to 3.0(X)
by Friday.

Marines return fire

Beirut
(AP) U.S. Marines fired small arms to
repulse an ttttcntpt to infiltrate their base at
Beirut's international airport Wednesday
night. a Marine spokesman said Thursday.
in Tripoli. meanwhile. fierce ﬁghting
erupted between rival Palestine Liberation
Organization factions. Radio reports quoted
PLO chairman Yasscr Arafat as saying his
loyalist forces were under siege from Syrian-
and Libyan-backed dissidents.

Maj. Robert Jordan said there was gunﬁre
around the southern perimeter of the
Marine's airport base and the Marines
“returned a few rounds."

"indications were we have people trying to
inﬁltrate around positions. They were not
successful." said Jordan. He did not'
elaborate. but added it was “quiet
throughout the night" after the shooting.

Cubans return home

Havana
(AP) A badly wounded Cuban shook a fist in
salute after arriving on a Red Cross plane
from Grenada and tried to raise ltis head
front his stretcher to greet his commander-in-
chief. Fidel Castro.

He was among 57 sick or injured Cubans
evacuated from Grenada on Wednesday.
Along with it) Cuban medical personnel.
they were the first Cubans to be repatriated
since the U.S-led invasion of the eastern
Caribbean island Oct. 25.

Castro solemnly greeted each evacuce.
many of whom appeared disheveled and daz-
ed. with a handshake and a brief welcome.
He made no public statements.

On hand at Jose Marti Airport was one of
the largest public gatherings of top govern-
ment and military leaders of Cuba in recent
times. The group included Castro's brotltcr.
Raul. minister of defense; Vice President
Carlos Rafael Rodriguez; interior Minister
Ramiro Vaides and Raul's wife. Vilma Espin.
an alternate member of the Cuban Politburo.

Smartly dressed platoons of all branches of
Cuban military stood at attention on the air-
field. An army band. instruments reflecting
the afternoon sun. playcd marches in tribute

T REVEW 0F

 
 

 

 

_ 2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D NOVEMBER 4.1983

to the returning countrymen. who are con-
sidered here to be heroes for resisting the
U.S. troops on Grenada.

NIONWI

     

Mideast envoy named

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Former Defense Secretary Donald
Rumsfeld. a moderate Republican who heads
a major pharmaceutical firm. will be natned
President Reagan‘s special envoy to the Mid-
die East. administration sources say.

Rumsfeld. 5i. will succeed Robert C.
McFarlane. who is Reagan's new national
security adviser. the sources said. His prin-
cipal task will be to oversee U.S. efforts to
bolster the government in Lebanon and to ac-
celerate the withdrawal of foreign forces
from the country. ~

Reagan's decision to appoint Rutnsfeld
was reported Wednesday night by White
House and Republican Party officials who
spoke on condition they ttot be further iden-
tified. They said an announcement could
come Thursday.

Appointment of the well-known
Rtttnsfcld. a veteran of several top posts.
would signal Reagan's dctcrtnination to settle
Middle East problems.

Besides serving as secretary of defense
under President Gerald R. Ford itt I975-77.
Rttntsfcid was White House chief of stuff and
U.S. ambassador to NATO.

UCLA hacker accused

Los Ange/es. California

(AP) A UCLA sophomore. charged with us-
ing a home computer to break into a Defense
Department communications system.
tatnpcrcd with "very sensitive" information
and will cost the government "hundreds of
thousands of dollars." a prosecutor says.

Ronald Mark Austin. 19. was arrested
Wednesday at his Santa Monica home and
booked into the Los Angeles County Jail on
a complaint accusing him of i4 felony counts
of ntaiiciously gaining access to a computer
system.

if convicted. Austin could receive up to six
years in prison. Bail was set at $l0.000.

“This is not some childish prank." District
Attorney Robert Pltilibosian fold reporters.

 

   

“We're talking about an Individual who has
cost the federal government. private
organizationas and universities literally hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars in reprogramm-
ing costs.”

Philibosian said that by using local
telephone connections. "Austin gained ac-
cess not only to local computer accounts but
also. through the UCLA system. to the ad-
vanced Research Projects Agency Network"
which links computers storing data on
research projects for numerous agencies
throughout the United States and Europe. in-
cluding the Defense Department.

STATEWIDE

164 Inmates released

New York
(AP) The city is almost half-way toward
reducing its prison population by Hi inmates
under a court order to relieve prison over-
crowding.

On Wednesday. officials autltorizcd the
release of 164 inmates, 82 of whom were
given permission to walk out. The others
were to be freed its soon as the paperwork
was completed, said Sandra Smith. a Correc-
tion Department spokeswoman. '

in his order Monday. U.S. District Court
Judge Morris luskcr said only prisoners who
were able to pttt up it) percent of their bull
and who were held for lack of no tttorc than
51.500 may be released.

Charges aguittst tile 82 prisoners released
Wednesday inclttdcd larceny. . ..ion of
stolen property. possession of narcotics.
burglary. possession of a weapon. assault.
rape. robbery and jostling.

700 apply for busjob

New York
(AP) A "monstrous" crowd of job seekers
walked past striking Greyhound Btts Lines
employees at the Port Authority bus tertttinai
Thursday to apply for the strikers' jobs.
Jack Wciler. Northeast regional director of
service. said about 700 people had applied for
jobs Thursday. the lirst day of the strike.
Another 200 took applications home with
them and were to rctttrtt tltctn later. lte said.
A sign was posted by ntidaftcrttoon which
said. "No more Greyhound applications."

 

 

to tree.

Delta Sigma Pi will sponsor a lec- Dutch Quad will aponaor an auction

ture entitled "Budget Cuts. Past. 0" Sunday. NOV. 5 8i 7 WW In "10
Present, and Future: How will it al« Dutch Quad tlaaroom. Goods and
fact you?," on Monday, Nov, 7 at 7 services will be for sale. All pro-
p.m. In LC 3, Vice President or coeds will go to Telethon. For more
Finance and Business at SUNYA, information call Dr. Resttno at 0m“ (CC W3)- A” 0” campus
John Hartlgan will be speaking. 457-78

.t-l.l‘.'..l‘tr lt'l v. t \\t‘t~.’.’

94.

 

SUNYA Jawbone Reading Series
presents Jessica Lawrence and
Frank Loiaro reading poetry on
Wednesday. Nov. 9 In HU 354 from
t2~t'p.m. All are Invited. admission

residents are invited to attend.

 

 

 

M
A  . 7—mew-u-mmmmmvvﬂm

 

“We had such a monstrous crowd.”
Weller said in his office at the terminal. “we

‘ had them lined up between gates and behind
_ the stairs." '

About two dozen striking bus drivers and
maintenence men walked picket lines near
Weiler's office. but there were no confronta—
tions. Weller.

Students relocated

New York

(AP) About 300 students evacuated from
Grenada have been taken in by two local
schools until St. George's University Medical
School can be reopened. officials said
Wednesday.

The displaced students. 90 percent of
wltom are Americans, will begin classes next
Wednesday at Long island University in
Brooklyn and St. Barnabas Medical Center
in Livingston. N.J.. U.S. Sen. Alfonse
D'Amuto said at a news conference.

The students will remain here at least ttntil
the semester ends on Dec. 23. and possibly
until the following setnester ends in April.
D'Antato said.

“We do plan to go back to tire Caribbean
as soon as we cart." said Charles Modica.
cltuncellor of St. George's. “We have an
obligation to rebuild the ccottottty of
Grenada and the scltool is an itttportttttt part
of the economy."

Modica noted that buildings at St.
Gcorgc's were damaged dttrittg last week’s
U.S.-led invasion of Grettadu.

U.S. sues for records

New York
(AP) A Long island federal judge will. itcar
arguments today on whether the Reagan ad-
ministration has the rigltt to review hospital
records of "Baby Jane Doe." a severely hatt-
dicappcd infant whose treatment sparked a
bitter legal battle.

The Justice Department filed suit Wednes-
day to force the State University Hospital in
Stony Brook to release the records despite
objections by the child‘s parents and its own
doctors.

Assistant Attorney General William Brad-
ford Reynolds. ltead of the department’s civil
rigltts division. said the legal action tnuy give
the 23-day-old cltild her “only realistic
chance for survival." But a lawyer for thc
parcttts said the suit was motivated by
“selfish political interests."

ED MABUSSICH UPS

The Cities oi International Pro- Erastus Corning ill will speak at an
grants will hold an Interest meeting International Tea on Sunday.
tor those interested In studying In Novembereat 3p.m. In Biology 2411.
China on Wednesday. Nov. 9 at 1
pm. lnHU 200. Former participants

will be present to speak about their A Medlcat Technology Workshop “1'
expatlences. For more intern-ration Iormatlonal meeting will be hold on

call 457.8367.

0" Campus Association will hold
its that general interest meeting on
Sunday. Nov. 6 at 9 pm. In the SA

‘ ‘ii:/l'\’ illrlJ

Wednesday. Nov. 9 at 6:80 pm.
Courao entrance requirements. the

Meet the D.J.'e trom WCiJit and 91 medicai cantor program. too opi’or'
FM on Friday. Nov. 4 lrtun 7 pm. to- iunltles‘ and the general tlolti ot
9 pm at the Albany Puhllc Library. medical technology will be discuss-
181 Washington Avo.. All xlly. ed,

 

r a r

  

 

 

NOVEMBER 4,1983 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Ralph Nader urges consumer awareness action

 

By Robert Gardlnier
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

 

Consumer awareness and public respon-
sibility were major topics of a lecture by
Ralph Nader last night at the Albany Law
School Auditorium where he also discussed
his feelings about the Reagan administration
and outlined the Citizens Public Utility
Board.

Nader suggested that our priorities are up-
side down. "We judge the economy set on
standards set by sellers not by the buyers."
began Nader. The real judge of the car in-
dustry. for instance. is how well the industry
is serving the needs of road transportation.
ltc stated. "Just because sales are up that
does ttot tnean that that is good for the cott-
sumcr —— car accidents may also be tip and
what about pollution." said Nader.

it is the saute. according to Nader. witlt

other indtttrlcs as well; “littcrgy stiles are up
— okay — httt ltotv much are we getting ottt
of a tutti of fttei and what about lite effects
on the cnvirotttuem'l"
Nndct' metttioncd a rcccttt study dottc by
the ‘i’A that itus been in tltc ttew.s rccctttly
predicting that by the l9')()s carbon monox-
idc emissions will cause the surface of tire
earth to treat up.

Nader. a staunch consumer advocate. for
nearly two decades and graduate of
Princeton Uttivcrsity and Harvard Law
School. is the author of the book Urn-rife tlI
Any Speed anti ltas been instrumental in
establishing Public itttcrest Research Groups
(I’iRGs) in 23 states.

 

"Where is the pressure for consumer
justice really going to come from.” asked
Nader leaning over the speaker's podium at
an auditorium ﬁlled with law students. “We
had a course at Harvard." continued Nader.
“called Landlord-tenant Relations — we
never got to the tenant."

Nader urged the citizens and students pre-
sent to become involved and to educate
themselves about the market and their rigltts
as citizens. He continued by saying that law
students are important in the quest for con-
sumcr rights but that law schools concentrate
too heavily on what is popular in tire job
market.

“Do you its law stttdents even discuss tltc
fact that lilt‘ public is being hoodwittkcd. No.
yott just want to go ottt and service tltc pro-
sperous and the rich." asked Nader.

“(icncrttl Electric has polltttcd the Hudson

River and that is illegal." said Nader. "but it
sure is ttot ltiglt on the list and it will take
millions of dollars to correct tltc damage. iiut
when the prcsldcttt oi‘ ("r.ii. passes ity do peo-
ple say “There goes the gtty that is polluting
lltc Hudson River." ltc asked.
"We are not applying tltc stttttc guidelines to
our next door neighbors as we apply to the
big corporations." Nader said. meaning that
a person is more likelyto tttkc on a neighbor
for sotue abuse than a corporation. Accor-
ding to Nader. this is ironic because tltc cor-
porations arc tnore dangerous.

Nader devoted a large segment of his talk
to protttotittg tltc Citizens Public Utility
Board. a citizens' organization that ttow ex-

.ists ill some states with the purpose of uniting

 

so mtnusstcn ups
Consumer advocate Ralph Nader
Calls for (1 Consumer Utility Board against corporate power.

average bill paying customers to give tltcnt a
voice and a medium for legal action against
corporations such as power. telephone and

. insurance companies.

New York Public interest Research
Groups and other consumer groups are now
pushing New York State to authorivc the

Citizens Utility Board. "Governor Mario
Cuomo has spoken itt favor of the Board."

said Nader.
if approved the C.U.i3. proposal would
give ('.U.i!. the power to place l'lycrs in
residential hills. Thcsc tlycrs would solicit
13>

 

Guide to local races and key referendum issues

Albany County Executive
James D. Coync-D-incumbent

Paul Burgdorf—R

City Comptroller
Charles Hetninngy-D-incttmbcnt

Hilary D. Ring-R

Albany County Comptroller
Edward D. Stack-D-incumbcnt
Anthony Russo-R

County Legislature

l lth District

Dave O'Brien-D

Sharon Gonsaives—Citizens' Party
10th District

Charles Hill-D

Paul Silverstcin-R, independent

Guilderland Town Supervisor

Kevin R. Moss-R-incumbcnt

Prank Mcifc-D

Guilderiand Town Council
Richard Murray-R

John Smircich-R-incumbent

Virginia Horan-D-incumbent

Dave Pyre-D

in an off-year election. ‘otcrs are tempted to
ask.“Why bother to vote? ' Students who have
recently registered here at Albany State are especially
susceptible because they are new to the district and
unfamiliar with issues. candidates. and vuriotts
rcfcrcttda on the ballot. To alleviate some of this con-
fusion. the Student Action Committee has compiled
it non~pnrtisau fact shch on tltc state-wide proposals
voters will face itt the voting booth. Most of these
proposals are amendments to the New York State
Constitution. The only one which isn‘t is Proposal
No. i.

 

Guilderland Town Clerk

Jane Springer-R-incumbcut

Joan Byrncs-D

Highway Superintendent
Herb Van Buren-R-incumbcnt

Ernie Orsini-D

>l’roposal No. i is the ltighiy publicized and hotly
debated Bond issue. it boils down to the voters
deciding whether to allow the state to sell $l.25
billion in bonds to finance tltc rebuilding of state
roads. bridges. airports. railroad systems. and water-
ways. ll' approved. the state will also becontc eligible
for aitttost $2 billiott in federal aid. Altuost everyone
agrees work must be dottc. so the real question is how
it will be financed. Proponents of the bond sale,
which include (iovcrnor Mario (‘ttotno. argue that
'he money ttccdcd to do this vital work is not
available front sitttc funds. Opponents. such as the
Automobile Association. argue that the better use of
existing fuel and road taxes would eliminate the need
to borrow this tnottcy.
>Proposttl No. 2 is a proposal which would rcttcw
a l962 amendment prohibiting local governments
from borrowing tttoncy to finance scwcr projects. if
the proposal is renewed. local governments which are
planning to build scwct‘ systems and finance tltctn on
loans are going to have to re«t'innnce the construction
with existing funds. or. do without the sewers.
>Pl'0])li$ili No. 3. if passed. would allow state-
chartcrcd savings banks to issue stocks. New York is
the only state which currently prohibits this. This
restriction litnits state-chartered banks access to new
investment capital. and to avoid this requirement.
tnany state-chartered banks scck i'cdcral charters.
>Proposal No. 4 would exclude state judges from
New York's mandatory retirement age of 70. and to
cxtcnd it to 76 if tltcy are medically certified as
capable oi‘contimting. Opponents argue that in many
cases. another judge is appointed tort position cur-
rently filled by one of tire over-70 judges, which
means extra c0st to the taxpayers.
>Proposnl No. 4 would allow fatnin court judges
to sit on tltc bench in the Supreme Court of New
York State to ltclp alleviate tltc caseload. Judges
from other lower cottrts currently are allowed. so the
passage of this amendment would extend the right to
family court judges.
>l’roposnl No. (r would allow tltc state to trade 10
acres of land in tire Adirondacks for 200 acres of
land. currently owned by a non-profit organization.
>l’roposni No. 7 would. like Proposal No. 5. go a
long way toward alleviating the caseload of the State
Supreme Court. Currently. tltc Supreme Court has
jurisdiction over civil cases involving lesser sums.
>Thc litltti stutc-widc proposal. Proposal Not ii,
would allow local governments more leeway in bor-
rowing and paying back tttottey to redevelop
"economically unproductive. blighted. or
deteriorated areas." Current constitutional restric-
tions are considered by some as discouraging such
dcvcloptncnt.
Steven Russo and
James J. Stanley
Student Action Committee

 

 

 

