 

 

 

i

 

! é

 

Grapplers

are Schwarz
ASSOC/A TE SI'URIS EDIWR

____________..—-—————

The Albany State wrestling team com
pleted their ﬁnest performance over in the
SUNYAC championships by placing third.
crowning three individual champions and
qualifying four wrestlers for the NCAA
Division lll nationals to be held later this
month.

Two-time All-American Andy Seras cap-
tttred ltis third consecutive SUNYAC title at
l42-pottnds, settior Vic ilerntart tvon his
first SUNYAC cltarttpiortsltip following
three )’t"'rs of treat misses and srtpltotttore
Dave Averill ttas victorious iii the
till-pound weight class. for ltis first tirttc.
S‘enior Rob Spagnoli was Albany‘s fourth
qttaiifiet tot tlte nationals. placing third at
lZo-pottntls.

"We did really well. lite tltrec chant»
pions were tlte most at tlte SUNYAfs in
Albany history. They did a real outstan-
dirtg job." ltead coaclt ,loe Dclsleo strid.

Albany finished tltc rtto day tournament
witlt 92 points finishing beltirid ()swego,
l00 points. rtttd llrockport with l4l.25.
llrockport \sott llte teattt title for tire fortrtlt
consecutive year and terttlt of tltc last
twelvtlt. the championships which were
lteld irt ()stsego last Friday arid Saturday.
ltad llirtghrttnton finishing fourth ottly 3.25
poittts beltittrl tlte Danes at tlti.75.

Albany itad sesen winning piacers
overall. to accumulate tlte tttosl rerun points
itt tlte team's ltrstory. .Ioltn i)entt took
fortrrlt place at l77»pouttds. lid (ileason
was iifth at l50-pounds and Spero
ibcufilatos closed ottt ltis Albarty State
career by linislting sixth at lJ-i-pounds.

The NCAA reduced the number of
wrestlers allowed to go to the rtaitortals. ac-

Resurging

By Marc Haspel

SPURIS IIIIIUR

 

 

 

Continuing their late sort resurgence,
the Albatty State Great Danes completed a
perfect four—game ltontestand with a batter-
ing of the Staten island Dolphins Saturday
evening, 57-48. The victory over New York
State's fifth rattkcd Division ill teartt attd
defending CUNY cottfcrcrtcc champion tip-
ped the Danes' record to 14-7 as tltey cttter
the final week ol the rcgttlar seasort.

“i think tltar those guys (the Dolphins)
ltave got an excellent sltor to be irt the
NCAA‘s. That's a good teaitt to heat. It can
only help us." said Albatty State head
basketball coach Dick Sauers. Staten
Island's record dropped to l5-(t.

"We weren't ready for it," said Staten
Island‘s energetic ltead coach livatt
l’irkman. “We played very hard. We
were itrtitttidaterl by their defense."

Using strong defense and excellent rc-
bortnding. the Danes controlled the tempo
of the game throughout the evetting. At
times, tlte play was very physical. especially
inside the paint.

"i like to be more pliysicai. it gets you
more involsed iii the game," said co-
eaptaitt .ittllll Dieckelman. 'l'he 6'5" lefty
ecttter led all scorers with l‘) poittts and
pulled dowrt i3 rebounds.

“We won the garlic with defensive re-
bounding," sald Dartc sophomore gtrard
.lan Zadoorian. wlto grabbed five reborrnds
of iris own in addition to scoring eigltt
points. “Overall the team is boxing out bet-
ter. so i was able to get the position."

The rebotttiding helped take care of the
Dartcs‘ major concern, the transition game.
iiy controllirtg the boards, the Danes
litttttcd the Dolphins to very few fast break
baskets.

"Off the boards we (lid a really good
job," said .‘iatrets. “They didn‘t seem to get
running, that‘s what we were cortcerrtcd
with."

 

 

 

 

e!)

Dave Averill was one of three Albany wrestlers to be crowned SU

his third consecutive title and senior Vic Herman captured his first championship.

cotdittg to i)eMeo. Under last year's
qualification system, botlt (ileason and
Dettn would also be making the trip to
Whenton. lllinois the weekend of February
25 arid 26 lit searclt of a ttational title.
i)eMeo added.

For Scras the SUNYAC title was his
third itt three tries enabling ltittt to becortte
the first SUNY wrestler to win fotrr titles iii

The Dattes totally dominated their
visitors itt the first ltalf. Albany took the
lead for good, 8-6. when senior Mike Gatto
converted a second effort shot tirtder the
troop. Gatto went on to score l4 points on
the evening.

“Gatto's been in the doldrums." said

r...—

Jan Zadoorlan scored eight points and

22 years if ltc cotttirtttes his winning ways
rtext year. Tlte top-seeded wrestler in his
class, Scras had little problems disposing his
opponents. He declsioncd Mike Lctcltcr of
()swcgo, 20-6. ill the semi-finals attd
defended his crowtt by pinning Brockport‘s
Dave Rccor.

“l‘ttt lookittg forward to a national
title." the undefeated junior said. “i

Sauers after the game. “i hope he‘s on the
way back "

“Coach (Bill) Austin told me that i
wasn’t doing anything outthere." Gatto
related. “He was correct. i wasn‘t. l decid-
ed to go out and even if i sltot 0-50 i didn‘t
care. i made my outside shots and when

 

h

' ALAN CALEM UPS
grabbed five rebounds In the Danes 57-48

victory over the Staten Island Dolphins.

 

Intramural Standing/5'

—page 18

FEBRUAR Y [5, I983

 

ake third in SUNYACs

 

ALAN CALEM UP!)

NYAC champion last weekend in Oswego. Andy Sores won

wrestled good this weekertd. l was seeded
first and l catrtc through. l'ttt workirtg my
hardest and trairtittg to get myself ready for
the nationals.”

Scras will compete in the nationals for
the tltird straight year. in his fresltrnan
year. he finished second and last year he
firtislted fourth. despite an injury that

17>

Danes batter Staten Island, 57-48

that happens, it opens things tip."

The Danes opened tip the lead to 16-10 as
Dieckclntatt took the offensive rcbouttd
and cortverted it into two points tnidway
through the first half.

The Dolphins tried to close the gap attd
pulled within fortr points on a 12 footer
from freshman Cyrus Deas. The forward
from Brooklyn had eight points.

Dieekeltnan responed with a field goal
frotn top of the key. Bill the Dolpltins catrtc
down court arid scored by fresltrttatt Rort
Chase. He led his teammates itt scoring with
i6 poittts on the evening.

Albany finislted the final two minutes of
the ltalf in excellettr fortn. Dieekcltttan itit
one of his patented sky hooks, followed by
a 20 foot jttntper front gttard Dan Crouticr.
followed by another basket by .ID and
capped off by a Wilson Thomas dunk. The
Danes ended orte of their best halves of
basketball this season with a 30-20 lead.

“The first half. i thought, was the best
we‘ve played iii a while." said Saucrs.

Albany catnc back ottto the court a bit
more sluggish for the second ltalf. The
Danes didn't score until the 16:48 mark
when Dicckeltttart put one in frottt beneath
the rim, Albany saw its 10—point halftime
advantage slirittk to five. 37-32 with two
consecutive buckets by Chase. Brit the corn»
cback was ltaltcd by Gatto's outside jumper
on the Dancs‘ next possession.

The Dancs’ spread their lead to ttitte
points. 45-36 with 8:32 remaining. (‘trttto
was the beneficiary of art excellent behindr
lite-hack assist by Croutier. The senior for-
ward hit the easy layttp.

Zadoorian sank .sevcral crttcial free
tltrows as the game winded dotvrt tltc (t‘
guard hit a pair to open a 53-46 lead with
2:55 to go and iced the Danes‘ victory with
it successful loss with just 30 seconds left
which made the score a seertre 55-48.
Dieekclntan went to line with just three
ticks showing on the'cloek arid ltit botlt

17>

 

 
   
     
 
 

 

  
  

\

LXX

VOLUME

 

 

'Fﬁday

February 18, 1983

.v-zirlran'drt'i» in. = ‘ :-~. 1.,

 
 
   

   
     

NUMBER 7

 

 

SUNY trustees say cuts may close campuses

 

By Matt Re ..
\I.tll I'RIH \Htllt'l.

In an emergency Board of Trustees
meeting Feb. 15 SUNY Chancellor (‘lifton
R. Wharton asked the board to consider
closing one or rttore campuses iii an effort
to deal with (iov. (‘uorno's proposed
budget cuts.

liowcver. Wharton warned at the srtrtte
lirtte tltrtt any such actiotts would be
politically dangerous. sittcc pursuing this
option would mandate tltttt lite trustees
specify which cantpttses they wish to close.
prior to the March l deadlirte for executive
budget revisions. The disclosure of such iti-
forrttatiott “could affect the etttolltttettt
pattern" at the specified campuses. lte
noted.

Wharton observed that this year‘s pro-
posed faculty redtictiotts cotttpttr‘e to the
cttrtittlritive cttts of the previous eight years.
l‘hey are "equiv leitt to losing the etttire
staffs of five typical arts attd sciences cattt-
prises. the two university cetiters rtt Albttny
tttd liingharnton. the tittivcrsity center at
Buffalo or all the sttttrttory colleges plus all
the specialized colleges," ltc said.

Board Chairman Donald lilinkcn termed
“simple, across-the-board proportiortal
reductions . . . unwise." becattse they could
“virtunlly destroy" certairt small catttpttses'
ability to effectively provide certain cur~
ricuia. Wharton added that faculty redire—
.ioit tltrouglt layoffs and attritiott will
significantly increase faculty/student ratios
which are currently “for several disciplines,
at or above levels which rtteet accreditation
(.standards)."

Regardless of whether the approximately
4(X)0 positiort cttts will cotnc iii the forttt of
campus closings or items. tire-board reduc-
tions, the board intplicitly agreed with
Trustee Arttold Gardner's conclusion that.
"we can't cltartge outside factors."

 

The “outside factors" to which (‘rardncr’

referred ittclttde seeking additional state
support front reductions in Bundy Aid for

  
 
      
  
 

 

s  4,...v..r.t t.....t.sr '
v. t .t u that.“

 

 

t
DEAN BETZ ASP

   

lnse SA§U President Jim Tierney; SUVNYgogrd of Trustees Meeting .

"We "no! consider retrenchment i/t I/lt' steep/SUN )’ to sure urtulili‘. "

out-of—state students at irtdepertdettt col-
leges, the rcrtcgotiatiort of facility and staff
salary increases. and the Uttitcd Uttiversitv
Professions' (UUP) srtggestiott of a two
percettt ittcotitc tax surcharge on ripper
income crti/ens.

“I've been lterc tltree years." stated
Trristee Dr. George Collins, “We do this
caclt year--wc tttttst deal with philosophy. i
don‘t know how we cart reconfigure the
university itt two weeks. btrt we certainly
have to live with the Win-lid budget. We
must cottsider rerrcnclttttent lit the si/c of
SUNY to save quality."

“it is ttitclear to its yet'wltetlicr we are be-
irtg asked to deal with a short-run, two-year
problem with the state or are we being ask-
ed to permanently dowrisi/c" the ttttiversity
system. said Wltartott before the editorial

boards of Albany‘s limes l'nmn and
Is’m'r'ls'erlrm'kur News.

Student 'l'rustee .littt l'ierney toiccd his
refusal to succumb to the excctritire pro-
posal. “We sltottld ttot cltttttge the con-
figuratiott of the university in two here“
we're ttot meeting the university‘s basic ntis-
siort. i think the SUNY Board of Trustees
has to figltt a little bit to keep what we
have." He urged tlte other board members
to: ttvely support the UUP‘s proposed tax
surcltargc as did Trustee Darwin Wales.
SASU Vice-President Scott Wexlcr sttid
that Senate Higher i‘Tducation ('onimittee
Chairman ls'ennctlt l.aValle ltas also shown
sttpport for tlte proposal.

,_

 

 

   

(iardner risked Tierney ltow he would go
about fighting the ctrts when the rtatttcs of
those employees facing clintirtation tttrtst be

DAN BICKER HEW PALIZ ORACLE

turned ill to tire Division of Budget by
March l.

“Don't gise tlieitt the names," answered
'l'ierncy. "l"\pittitt to Cunnto that he‘s go—
ing to have to twist and break oitr arms."
He suggested that the chancellor make the
spec campus closings artd prograttt
elitttinations appear as direct orders frotrt
lltc goternor.

Ttttstcc Judith Dttken contested
Tierney‘s proposal on the grounds that lter
duty as a citi/en would require that she "get
tltc bttdgct to the governor when lte needs
it. it doesn't mean that l wattt to see access
destroyed. i just wartt to be realistic." Site
added. "there isn‘t ortc of its (unwilling) to
fight."

lilirtken wartted the board. “we rttitst
tttcet the deadlittcs--even if (the results are)
foolish or disastrous." l J

 

 

By Bill Brewster
.S'l.-tll il'HIlI'R

service costs, bttt rtotltirtg is defirtite yet. “There ltas been
no proposal for arty type of fee." ltc said. “We are mired

Wellington bus route possibly being garaged

nettt aetiotts or definite proposals.
“No sttrdertt will be ltappy with any cuts,‘

slte observ-

 

 

Tltc University b stem is targeted for budget cuts.
and the cttd resttlt may leave Wellington—bits riders ortt in
the cold next fall.

Serious cortsideratiott is bcittg givett to “doing away
with the Wellittgton run," said Vice President of Finance
arid Business .loltrt l‘lartigan. llarligatt has alerted the of-
fice of Student Afl" about the “strong possibility, so
that no student makes arrangements for housing next fall
ttrtder false pretenses.”

llat'tigan stressed that there were tttatty other options
bcirtg considered to offset the rccertt revenue cuts arid bus

   

 

 

with alternatives and considerations." lrlartigan added
the ttniversity is "aware of the irttportance of hits
trattsportatioit to the campus."

The current cost for operatirtg the university bttscs is
between 3450.000 and 3500.000 a year. Currently. this is
being paid by the university to give the stttdcttts a free
l‘i -, said llartigan, lie aincd that the Wellington ser-
vicc is “extremely costly." artd that about 20 percent of
drivirtg tintc would be saved if it were discontinued.

   

,.
'1
1

()ff-caniptis llottsing Director Karlccn Karlson said she“

was aware of the rrrrttblirtgs going on iii discussions cott-
ccrttrng bus transportation. bttt \\ as rtttaware of arty inimi-

 

cd. “but it appears either service will be restricted
somehow and/or the students will have to pay." She add-
ed that no altcrnativc fornts of transportation for strtdertts
ltad been discussed.

Dean of Student Affairs Neil Brown said the situation
was unfortunate. bill that tlte Weilingtott run was indeed

itt jeopardy. “The university is in a difficult position,"

lte said, ltttt lie is cottvirtced that “hits service ttceds to be
curtailed." He added that no specific plans ltad been
worked out attd nothing would happen suddenly without
stttdettts being infortttcd.

llronn was unsure if arid when the Weliirtgtott ttttr
would be cut. "it's all spectilatiort now." lte said.

The question of itttposing special fares for brtses is itot a

new ottc. Such proposals were considered as recently as
last year, bitt accordittg to Resident Director at the Well<
ingrott Student Annex. Scott Loch, current consideration
given to abolisltittg the Wellington rtttt is indeed a sur-
prise. -
“I'd be disappointed." lte said of tire possible aboli»
tiott. “and i think i speak for everybody itt tltc Weliirtgrott
itt stt)ittg that." Se\cra| other students added that they'd
ratlter see fares collected titan the route cttt completely.

Wellington Association President Arttt Marie Russo
said that many studertts rely on tile bus artd if tltere is no
room for them to live on campus. tltc itttiversity has a
responsibility to provide transportation for them.

“Not all the students live lterc by choice," site explaitt~
ed. adding that many students living in the Lark St. area.
and those who are legislative interns also itecd rltc service.

Physical Plant Director Dennis Stevens also emphasiz-
ed that no definite proposals ltad been discussed. but ar-

t13>

 

 

 

 

.W . _.. . a r on...” "our...- ——--w>..-- / o MWMW.v»-o-N",

 

