  

~. ¢m¢.%wnywmv_,.v .ﬁ“

[ .3
i
i
i
I
I

i

 

WORLDWIDE
—

Workers riot at rallies

Warsaw. Poland

(AP) Tens of thousands of Solidarity sup-
porters staged May Day rallies across
Poland, in several cases claslting with riot
police who dispersed tltem. It was tlte
strongest show of opposition to the govern-
ment in eight months.

In the Baltic port of Gdansk. police used
water cannons. tear gas and clubs to beat
back workers headed toward the aparttnent
of Solidarity founder Leclt Walesa. He flash-
ed protesters “V-for'Victory" signs and wat-
clted the demonstrations from his balcotty.

Helmeted riot squads backed by armored

personnel carriers and officers on horseback
dispersed up to I5.000 protesters who
gathered around Warsaw‘s Old Town at mid-
day Sunday.
1 In the southern industrial city of Nowa
Huta. slate-run tclevisiott reported that
workers battled police and showed footage of
protesters smashing windows of police
vehicles and trampling red communist ban-
ncrs.

Priest found guilty

Vila Nova De Ourem. Portugal
(AP) A Spanish priest who lunged at Pope
John Paul II with a bayonet at a Fatima
shrine last year was found guilty ofattempted
murder and sentenced Monday to 6'/z years
in jail.

"Only the mother of God has the right to
condemn me." Juan Fernandez Krohn. 33,
shouted when a three-judge District Court.
handed down the verdict and sentence. “I
cannot accept this conviction."

Krohn. dressed in a green cassock with a
broad red sash from shoulder to waist. raised
his arms and turned to the packed ISO-seat
court room when Presiding Judge Polibio da
Silva Flor read the sentence.

The priest. who has been associated with
ultra-traditionalist Roman Catholic factions.
was sentenced to six years for the attempted
assassination last May 13 and six months for
illegal possession of the 14-inch bayonet.

NATIONIE

US F-14 jets attacked

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Somali defenders ﬁred atttiaircraft guns
and a missile at two U.S. Navy F-l4 jets last
week. apparently mistaking them for Soviet-
built MiGs from neighboring Ethiopia.
defense ofﬁcials said Monday.

The U.S. warplanes were not hit and
returned to the aircraft carrier America off
the Somali coast. said sources who spoke on
condition they remain anonymous.

The shooting occurred apparently because
the Somali defense ministry failed to notify
its air defense units in the Berbcra area that
clearance for the F-l4 flights on a photo-
mapping mission had been granted “at the
highest level of the Somali government," the

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El MA Y 3, [983

 

U.S. ofﬁcials said.

Satellite jets tested
Washington, D. C.

(AP) Space agency engineers began a short

test Monday of the small thruster jets on a

 

Sl00 million satellite to determine whether

 

the satellite. floundering in space since its
launch from the space sltuttle last month. can
be nudged to its proper orbit.

If everything works out as planned.
engineers will begin the salvage operation on
Sunday.

The test ﬁring was to raise the low point of
the satellite's looping orbit by I98 miles.

Party] boss convicted

Washington. D. C.
(AP) The Supreme Court today cleared the
way for the imprisonment of Joseph
Margiotta. the Republican Party boss of
Nassau County, N.Y.. convicted in a
kickback scheme.

The justices. without comment. left intact
Margiotta's conviction on federal mail fraud
and extortion charges.

Margiotta. 55 asked the court to overturn
his conviction on grounds that the mail fraud
and extortion violations for which he was
prosecuted can be committed only by elected
or appointed public ofﬁcials. not by politial
party leaders.

Margiotta. chairman of the Nassau County
Republican Committee. was convicted
December 9. I981. of collecting 5685.000 in
municipal insurance commissions and split-
ting thcm among party supporters.

STATEWIDE
_

Hart praises Cuomo

Albany
(AP) Sen. Gary Hart (D-Colo.) had high
praise for New York Gov. Mario Cuomo on
Monday even while warning other presiden-
tial aspirants not to try “to capitalize" on
Cuomo‘s "popularity."
“I certainly think the governor of New
York is well-qualified to be on anyone's short

 

 

list of potential vice-presidential
candidates." said presidential candidate Hart
after visiting with Democratic members of
the state Legislature in hopes of building
political support in New York state.

“i don't think it's fair to him, Cuomo.
however. for candidates to be sounding off
all the time about his future." Hart quickly
added. “Those of us cotning into the state
seeking political support shouldn't. itt effect.
try to capitalize on his popularity."

While New York's freshman governor has
been frequently mentioned as a possible vice-
presidential candidate for the Democrats itt
I984. Cuonto on Friday rcafﬁrtned his pledge
to serve out his four-year term as governor.

However, Cuomo has said he hopes to play
a signiﬁcant role in shaping the national
ticket for I984 and ltas asked fellow
Democrats iii the state to rcntain tteutral. for

now. in the presidential candidate
sweepstakes.
. .
Benefits to be raised
Albany

(AP) The chairman of the state Senate's
Labor Committee vowed Monday that Gov.
Mario Cuomo would be sent legislation
designed to raise the state’s maxmtum
unemployment insurance benefit.

“We will'have a bill before the cttd of ses-
sion and it will pass botlt houses and go to the
governor." promised Sen. Joseph Pisani
(R-Westchesier). "I won't leave here without
it."

The state's maximum weekly unemploy-
ment benefit has stood at $125 since 1978.
Cuomo has subtnittcd legislation which
would raise the maximum weekly benefit im-
mediately to $170. Under the Cuomo plan.
the maximum benefit would jump to $I80 a
week next year and Sl90 in l985.

Pisani and the chairman of the Assembly's
Labor Committee. Frank Barbaro
(D-Brooklyn) ltave suggested raising the max-
imum weekly beneﬁt to $225.

 

I New York loses jobs

New York
(AP) New York state lost 53.000jobs in I982.
according to Financial Digest, after pcrsistcttt
gains in caclt of the previous five years.
1 Based on figures from the federal and state
departments of Labor. the Digest. the weekly
economics publication of Manufacturers
Hanover Trust. declared. “New York state
ltas ﬁnally been affected by the national
recession."

Employment losses were broadly based
and affected most — but not all —- major in-
dustries." the Digest reported. "For exam-
ple. while there was a net loss of 72.000 jobs
in manufacturing, there were gains irt finan—
cial and other services on the order of 47.600
jobs."

Although New York City lost 7.000 jobs,
the Digest noted. suburban Nassau. Suffolk
Westcltester. Rockland and Putnam counties
gained more titan 13.000 jobs in I982. Thus
the greater New York City area gained ap-
proximately 6.400 jobs.

“This contrasts with the situation that
prevailed in I98]. when the city generated
55.000 new jobs wltilc employment growth in
the suburbs was held to fewer titan 20.0(X)."

Westway is a luxury

Alba/iv
(AP) Manhattan's Westway highway project
“may well be more of a burdctt than a
boon." according to Gov. Mario Cuomo‘s
special adviser on the project.

“Whatever merit the Westway project
originally had. it ltas now become a luxury
that the city and state probably cannot all
ford." concluded Thomas Pttccio in a special
report to the governor made public Monday.

But state Transportation Commissioner
James Larrocca issued a statement along with
*release of the report which said he and
Cuomo “remain committed to the project"

 

despite the Puccio report.

MA Y 3, I983 ' CI ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

Washington Park party held despite obiection

 

By Steve Fox
and Anthony Silber

Despite attempts by ofﬁcials of the city of Albany to pre-
vent Sunday‘s “Party in The Park." last-minute court ac-
tion by SA attorney Mark Mishler ensured the event took
place. . ..

According to Misltlcr. the city acted to cancel the event
after it granted Off-Campus Association a special events

 

permit and gave OCA instructions for compliance with city

rules for use of Washington Park.

Mishler filed an injunction at the U.S. District Court of
Judge Roger Miner on Friday afternoon to obtain a tem-
porary restraining order on the city of Albany in order to
prevent cancellation of the party.

After attempts at cotnprotnisc and an ofﬁcial hearittg.
the restraining order was granted. According to the
restraining order. interference by tltc city would cause “im-
mediate and irrcpairuble injury. loss and damage to the
plaintiff."

Mishler and SA President Rich Schaffer built argttcd that

by tltc city if it blocked tltc party. Staffer said that most of
tile city‘s requirements for use of the park had bcctt tttet as
early as February.

“We had all the paper work ready." he said. “They ap-
proved it kttowittg that we would ltuve students on security
patrol. that we had an opctt alcohol perntit. that we had in-
surance. and that Five Quad (ambulance service) would be
there."

On April 22. however. Albany Parks Superintendent Sal
Gttruﬁ notiﬁed OCA Director Diane Podolsky iii a letter
that OCA's request to use the park ltad been cancelled
because "the park had been previously scheduled." Accor-
ding to Scltaffcr and Mishler. the city changed its reasons
for cancelling several times. showing concern for adequate
security. concern that students would trample the tulips iii
the park. concern that residents would object to the use of a
public park for a private party. and concern about sanita-
tiott.

Additionally. Misltler said. city officials argued that they
nevcr gave explicit approval for use of the park to OCA.
But the judge disagreed. supporting the students‘ conten-
tions that Garufi‘s letter to Podolsky on Fcbrttary IS.
witcre he explains requirements for use of the park. was a
tacit approval.

Mishler said that last Thursday. Albany Common Coun-
cil President and Acting Mayor Thomas Whalen told
SUNYA President Vincent O'Lcary that the party could
take place only if SA paid for IS off-duty Albany
policemen for security. SA had intended to provide trained
students as secttrity patrol.

At that time. Mishler said. SA decided to bring the issue
to court. On Friday afternoon. attorney for Corporation
Council John Shea and Mishler tnct with Judge Miner.

 

 

 

LISA SIMMONS UPS

 

‘ ‘ enjoy OCA’s Party In the Park

In two hours of unofﬁcial negotiations. Mishler said. the
jttdgc attempted to bring the two sides together. “He pro-
posed that SA hire thrce police ofﬁcers to supplement stu-
dcitt security," said Mishler. "We accepted the corn-
promise. but after a long phone conversation. Sitca and
McCardlc (Corporation Council President). rejected it."

In the subsequent ofﬁcial hearing. the judge granted the
temporary restraining order on the grounds that the
students' First and Fourteenth Amendment rights had been
violated and because he considered the motives of the city
“dubious.”

The city's argument. said Shea. was that student guards
were ttot professional attd that it never gave a permit to SA.
llut Mishler contended that they had gotten a special cvettts
permit. which. he noted. “even though it does ttot explicitly
approve use of the park." did grant tacit approval.

Shea said that it was a tough case to argue because he
didn't kttow about the party last year. “It made tttc look
bad to find out they had a party last year."

The judge rtlled for SA. Mishler said. because “we
argued the First Arttcndtncttt on the content-based argu-

"...uppurenlly a very successful party; we were delighted to have it. "

'nent. essentially because they were trying to supprm
students specifically." Mishler said that Miner thought that
the city was not acting on a proper basis to cattch the event.
"The judge ttotcd that tlterc was a party last year." Misltler
said. adding. "he seemed annoyed that the city seemed not
to be playing straight with us."

Mishler conceded that in sotnc circumstances the city
might have bcctt able to ittiposc restrictions bill. “it was not
appropriate here; it was unreasonable for cancellation."

Mishler emphasized that students want to be part of the
contmunity. but “there seems to be some reluctance to ac-
cept thent as members of the community." he added.
"There seems to be fear on the part of city officials that
students are alien. that they are trying to take over the
city." Mishler cottcluded. Whalen said that the problem
was centered on the question of security and sanitation. He
added that it was “apparently a very successful party; we
were delighted to have it without any problems. "There will
he no problems itt future events." Wltalett said. “as long as
we are convinced that they can tttect all our
requiretttcttts." I.i

Attacks lead to new focus on women’s safety

SA Media Director Libby l’ost nrgtted that

h». g. a

a-r.‘ *

A summer program working In the
National forests ls being offered on
a volunteer basis by the US Depart-
ment of Agrlcmture. The program
offers an educational experience In
a wide variety of fields. For more in-
formation write: Volunteers. Forest
Service-USDA. Box 37483.
Washington. DC 20013. The only
qualifications needed are good
health and a willingness to work.
A memorial service for Professor
Emeritus Richard Stanklowlez will
be held in the University Art Gallery
on Wednesday, May 4. at 12 noon.

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS
_

A Physics Colloquium entitled “The
Time-Energy Uncertainty Relation
and Parton Phenomenon" will be
presented by Marilyn Noz from the
NY University Medical Center on
Friday. May 6. at 2:30 pm. In PH
129.

I Choir auditions for the spring
‘ season are being held until May 5 at
the First Church In Albany. North
Pearl Street at Clinton Square. The
First Church Choir. a forty voice
mixed ensemble, provides music at
the 10:80 Worship Service and
presents several major musical

 

works each year. There are salaried
openings for all voice parts. but
there Is a special need for tenors
and basses. Interested singers
should contact Mary Bon at
439-9328 or 463-4449 for more infor-
mation.

Attend 1: Generic Rally to protest
against an Issue of your choice.
demonstrate your personal convic-
tions, and celebrate your right to
freedom of speech and public
assembly on Saturday. May 7. at 12
noon In front of the Capitol steps.
For more Information contact
458-8409.

The national psychology student’s
honor society, Psi Chi. will hold an
organizational meeting today In 83
1406. All Interested should attend.

Learn about the UN In depth from
the UN semester at SUNY New
Paltz. This unique 15 credit program
Includes Fridays at the UN meeting
diplomats and talking toiournailsta
who have covered some of the ma-
jor conflict areas In the world.
Space In limited and the application
deadline Is May 15. For more Infor-
mation contact Professor Ronald
Colman, United Nations Semester,
Humanities 8-2. The College at New
Paitz. New Paitz. NY 12561 or call
914257-2119.

Tryon School Spring Bazaar will be
held Thursday, May 5. at the Empire
State Plaza Concourse South
Gallery. from 9 am. to 4 pm. Woodv
work and other crafts. baked goods
and more. made by residents of the

Tryon School. a state Division for
Youth Facility In Johnstown. will be
sold to benefit the school's recrea-
tlon fund. For more Information call
474-0460.

ASUBA's awards night for
academic achievement. service,
and leadership will be held Thurs‘
day, May 5. at 8 pm. in the Campus
Center Ballroom.
Health Proleseion School ap
pllcents for Fall 1984 who have not
been Interviewed by the Pro-Health
Advisory Committee Should sea
Peg Reich In CUE Immediately. For
more Information call 457-8381.
The “Earlhball” Contest for HAP
week will be held on Thursday. May
5. at 2:30 pm. on the podium.
#__.i

 

 

 

lly Maddi Kun

\l/lll li'RlIl‘If

 

The recent rape on campus has made
women's safety a heated issue attd ltas left
many women questioning the validity of the
security services at SUNYA.

“SUNYA is one of the safest campuses in
tltc SUNY system," contends Lt. David
Pt'cttdergast of University Police.

According to an April 7 Crimes Against
ii"onlen Uprlule, since February I3. 1982
there have been clcven harassment crimes
against women reported to University Police.

 

 

 

I! Steve Fox
IIIIIIURI/l I. riSS/S'I'IIN'I

The State University at Albany Founda-
tiott Inc. was criticized in a state audit
‘clcased last Monday for using Foundation
monies for parties. picnics and personal ex-
penses. The foundation is a private. non—
profit orgattization composed of members
of the local community.

Edward Regan. criticized some of the ex-
penditures. calling them “inappropriate.”
The report covers the period from July I.
I979 to December 31. I981.

According to Lewis Welclt. Vice-
President for University Affairs. attd
ttnivcrsity liaison to the foundation. there
were several recommendations made in the

 

The audit. released by state Comptroller.

'l'wo arrests were made.

The Crimes Against Women Update is
available for anyone who attends the mon-
tltly meeting of the President's Task Force on
Women's Safety. According to (‘hairpcrson
Put McCord. “We get 20 to 25 people itt at-
tendance. ()nc-thitd to onc~|ntlf are students.
tit) pcrcctit of tltcttt are women."

The Task Force. which was initiated four
ycats ago. is looking into several ways to
make the university safer for wontctt. Mc-
Cord explained. "we're working on ptttting
emergency phones on tltc downtown
catttpus." According to a report by Joltn

Appropriateness of foundation’s
ispendings investigated in audit

appropriate."

“There is a difference of opinion lit the
dcfittition of ‘appropriate' between the
comptroller‘s office and the foundation.
The Board of Directors does ttot believe any
of the expenditures were inappropriate." ltc
asserted.

Tltc audit criticized the foundation for
picking up the tab for two “motivational
parties" held for the staff of the Computer
Center. The cost for the March 27 party at
the Americana Inn in Colonic was $i.l34.
the second one in December at the Bavarian
(,‘Italct in Guilderland ran $l.l3l.

Some of the other expenditures criticized
were the sponsorship by the foundation of a
$337 picnic for SUNYA's School of
Criminal Justice. the paying out of$360 for
faculty ntcmbcrs’ lifetime membership in

llcuighatt. Assistant Director of University
Police. the Task Force is responsible for in-
creasing liglttittg on campus and centrali/ing
night classes itt selected buildings. They were
also responsible for installing an emergency
telephone system on campus. counnonly
referred to as the llluc Ligitt System. [I pick-
ed up. tltc pltttltcs ting directly to tltc Univer-
5in Police.

l’rcndcrgast explained that [Emergency Red
phones were placed in the women’s locker
room. If picked up iii the event of an
emergency they will automatically rittg to tltc
University Police.

Another publici/ed but rarely used precau-
tiottary measure on campus is the student
escort systcttt. l’rcndcrgast asserted tltttt the
escort system which consists of work—study
students “is widely publici/cd in the ASP at
the beginning of the year. We only get about
a dozen calls over the wcckcttd." added Of-
ficer (iary Slykc.

The [5 to 20 work—study students wear
yellow jackets saying “Sittdcrtt Patrol" attd
ltavc Student Patrol ID cards with their pic-
turcs on it. attd are equipped with walkic-
talkics with a direct littc to University Police.
said Prettdcrgast. “They are screened before
they take tltc job.“ he added. Tltcre is ottc
female student on the Student Patrol. nddcd
Officer Slyke. They are available to escort
any female on campus who calls the escort
service between 8 pm. and “:30 p.m.

“We get about five calls a night."
l’rcndergast comtnctttcd. adding. “We‘ve
never tttrncd down a call." He explained that
arty female who calls after [1:30 will be pick-
ed ttp by a patrol car.

Student patroller Bob Miller. assigned to
patrol the outside of the library from 9:30
p.m. until l0z50 said. “I've been here since

the escort system “is not publicized enough
and tile escorts rtced to be screened and train-
cd about violence against women. it's a cort-
tinual thittg. you can't put tip a poster and
expect people to use the service tight away."
she said.

The escort service is rarely uliii/cd. accor-
ding to University Police attd members of the
Student Patrol. Mark Matron. a student
patrollcr. explained. “A typical night no one
calls. an unusual night is when one (person)
:alls.“ He added. “sometimes people call for
in escort and tltctt don't show." Miller
noted. “Womctt don't trust us. We try to
prevent an emergency but we’re only
escorts." Miller admitted. “We're definitely
ttot trained. But tltcy (University Police)
can't refuse us because we're work—study."
He insisted. “We‘re ttot junior cops."

Several wotttcn ltnvc voiced dissutisfaciiott
with the escort service and ltave repeatedly
refused to call for an escort.

Feminist Alliance ntetnbcr Alexandra
Carter maintained. "I'm not really happy
with the escort service now. I don't think tltc
escort service is the rigltt place for work-
study students." site said. adding. “I don‘t /
think tltcy understand why they are needed. I
ltink you need people who are a little tnorc
motivated —~ ttot just doing it for tltc
money." asserted Carter. “1 can‘t blame
thcnt for not using the escort service. I don’t
think it's tailored to ottr needs."

After tltc rape which occnred near the Fine
Arts building between l0:l5 and HMO pm.
on April 14. two student patrollch were plac-
ed outside the library in hope that women
leaving the library would ask for an escort.
One woman leaving the library alone said. “i
would prefer to call a friettd of mine. I'

 

.tudit. but the foundation took issue with the
the statcmcnicallin their cx enditures“in-

 

Pan Am Clipper Cl1ub.

 

3’ o escort them.

 

9:50 and not one single person has asked the 13>

 

