S
l
i

 

  

MONDAY MARCH 21 st
8 PM PALACE THEATER

- AND 91FM PRESENT:
AN EVENING WITH

  

 

‘.

 

 

 

 

TOMORROW AND THURSDAY FOR SUN Y
STUDENTS WITH TAX CARDS ON LY!

TICKETS ON SALE 10AM

TICKETS: $10 W/TAX CARD
, LIMIT 2 PER TAX CARD

SA FUNDED

 

 

 

xxxxxx ,xx

 

“
x“ x uxuxuxxx x v. “ms?!

may»... .ﬁ.~l.§....-...... v a ,.

 

 

MARCH 1. 1983 El ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 5

 

Violinist sues symphony after dismissal

 

By Amey Adams
STAFF WRITER

 

The case brought against Albany Sym-
phony Orcltestra and Local 14 of the
American Federation of Musicians. by
Mary Lou Saetta. wife of SUNYA music
profcsor Irvin Gilman. will be heard in
federal court this Friday at 9:30 a.m. accor-
ding to Gilman.

Tlte suit lodged against the Symphony.
its president Peter Kerrnani. and martager
Susan Bush. cltargcs "breach of rt collective
bargaining agreement. unjust diseltarge.
libel. slander. intentional infliction of emo-
tional distress. loss of companionship and
conspiracy." according to a Feb l7. Albany
Titties Union article. Sactta additionally
charges Local l4 and its president Vincent
P. Catalarto with "breach of duty and fair
representation." said the Times Union. The
case will be heard by the U.S. Northern
District Court of New York.

The srrit stems from the firing of Saetta
by the symphony on Oct. l9. I982. A letter
from Bush on that date charged Saetta with
“egregious and disrttptivc behavior.“
stating that Saetta was in violation ofa con-
tract agreement requiring that orchestra
members be seated ten minutes before the
beginning of a performance.

Saetta denies the charge. saying. "i did
not violate that rule. l was in my seat long
prior to concert time." Saetla also said that
the rtrle had not been enforced in the past.
and that no action was taken against the
other two rrrernbers she was allcdgcdly
speaking to dtrring the little in question,

(iilrnan. also a member of the symphony.
said. "The Arncricttn Federation of Musi-
ciarrs sent down a fact-finder. On learnitrg
the facts. they (the highest authority) ruled
that ASO had no just catrsc and that Mary
Lou should be retttrrrcd immediately."
llowever. (iilruart added, Local 14 did not
enforce this ruling.

Sactta believes she was distttissed for her
outspokenncsss against the symphony‘s
plans to start a chamber orchestra. Wltilc
symphony members were no opposed to the
chamber group irt theory. they were oppos-
ed to management's refusal to respect the
orchestra‘s standing agrccrnctrt concerning
the newer group.

“Local 14‘s attorney said they didn‘t
know wltctlrcr they would oppose or sup-
port rnc. We were supposed to go irtto ar-
bitration on Feb. 22. l was told tlzat
management corrld pick two arbitrator's. the
local would pick one. arid l'd pick one."
Sacttu said. She maintained this ts unfair
since she did not know whether or not
local til would support her.

“It's literally a David and (ioliath story.
when you consider the power behind the
Albany Symphony Orchestra and its
manager." (iilman said. We followed the
contract to the letter. which the Albany

 

Symphony refused to do."

According to Gilman this all came about
because “someone had the guts to point out
to the local union and the manager that
they were going against a binding legal con-
tract ratified by management and
members."

Saetta added that the three-year contract.
now in its second year. "was a very difficult
negotiation that members had won." but
that “the contract was nothing to write
home about.“

“it was a great victory when you're star-
ring from square one. We won far more
than we thought we would." said Sactta.
However. she rnairttained. “it seems that it
is not being adhered to."

in a prepared statement for the press.
Bush said the suit represents a dispute bet-
ween Saetta and Local 14 of the American
Federation of Musicians. She added. “there

- are no possible grounds upon which Mrs.
Sactta-Gilman can succeed in alledging any
cause of action against the Albany Sym-
phony Orchestra. the president of the
board. or its manager." However. Bush
regretted that Saetta had drawn the or-

 

Prolessor lrvln Gllman

chestra into her battle.

Saetta explained. “They can't unders-
tand what grounds l have to sue." adding
that if she had not been fired “there would
be no problem at all."

Gilman said Saetta's life was devoted to
music. She had a full scholarship at
Eastman (School of Music) and got her
Masters there. She is a fine teacher. he
maintained adding that "she had founded
the most important chamber group in the
area. the Capitol Chamber Artists."

Saetta has reportany been playing violin
professionally since age twelve. and has
been with the Albany Symphony for seven-
teen years. where site was leader of the or-
chestra's second violinist section.

Sactta hopes the suit will be settled before
the present contract runs out. She appeared
confident in winning the suit. and said of
ASO's defense. "i don‘t think there's a
case.”

“If the management gets away with this.
everyone is in jeopardy." stressed Gilman.
“We are fighting for the professional lives
of every member of the orchestra." l

  

ED MARUSSICH UPS

 

“We fol/meet] the contract ItiA/‘ltb‘it'ller, which the Albany Symphony refused to (/0. "

ECC providing services but not courses

By Amy Kilgus
.l'l'ztll ll'lt’ll"

 

Tucked away in the basement under the
Lecture Center lies the Educational Corn-
rrrtrrricatiorrs Center. chock full of corri-
ruunicatious eqrriprncnt. 'including one
audio rind three audio-visual production
studios.

Once students do find otrt what's “down
under." they often wonder what all the
equipment is used for. since no production
courses are offered at Albany.

According to [if Director Grant Van
Patten. “the studios are used to support the
factrlty. and are seldom u ' 'd for
undergraduate production classes. The
studios’ nrairr purposes are for taping
presctttatiotts by profesors for their
cours s, covering athletic events, and filin-
irrg productions at the Performing Arts
Center.

liecausc the ECC staff is ttot part of
SUNYA’s teaching faculty. the center can
not offer courses in prodtrction. said Finch.
However. Finch added that if the Rhetoric
and Communications departrttcrrt wanted
to offer production courses, the use of the
studios arid equipment would be permitted
for sttclt programs.

Presently the RCO department does not

  

offer production cotrrscs for various
reasons. explained Acting Chair Kathleen
Kendall.

The first and rrtost important reason.
Kendall ’aid. is that “the RCO department
emphasizes content courses witlt substance
and theory" and the dcpartrucnt considers
“prodtrctiott corrrscs as trade courses for
specific vocations." Since SUNYA isn’t a
trade school. she said. it shouldn't em—
phasize the production courses.

According to Kendall, the department
encourages students to learn production
skills on the job or through internships.
Currently thirty—five students have intern-
ships in variotrs communication fields, Ken-
dall said.

Another reason. explained Kendall. is
that production courses are not offered
because they cost too nurch. listing the cost
of film and the cost of repairing equipment
as the principle expenses.

in addition. Kendall maintained that her
staff is too small to offer additional
courses. With merely seven professors in
the department. site explained there is only
enough personnel to teach the required con,
tent courses.

However. the presence of the ECC is felt
in some undergraduate classrooms. Finch

estimated that in one semester. 197 faculty
members in 60 departments ltavc been serv-
ed by the F. ‘ in one way or another. many
members being impressed with the ECC‘s
facilities. in that time. the ECC has made
300 productions arid played brick 2.500
videos. all of which were made at Albany's
studios.

Additionally. the ECC tapes public ser-
vice announcements l‘or state agencies such
as the Department of Motor Vehicles and
the Department of Social Services.

“There is a first come. first serve policy
for use of the studios for actual taping.“
said Finch. although there is art “academic
priority over state agencies." The state
agencies. it ' added. usually use the studios
during school vacations.

Because SUNYA and the state agencies
are both supported by state tax dollars. this
allows the agencies to use the studio
facilities. Another reason. explained the
Director of ECG Grant Van Patten. is that
“it is part of SUNYA‘s effort to offer its
services and expertice to the community
and state agencies."

 

Tirerc is no charge for the use of the
studio facilities itself. said Finch. however
the faculty and state agencies must pay fo
the film and other expensive items. Li

     

Ideals of King
correspond to
Malcolm X in
freedom fight

By Jane Anderson

The black leader of peaceful protest
Martin Luther King and radical activist
Malcolm X were “complimenting parts of
the black struggle for freedom," explain-
ed professor James Cone in an afternoon
lecture in the Campus Center Ballroom
Friday.

in his lecture. “Martin Luther King:
Racism Reconsidered" Cone critically ex-
amined King‘s strengths and weaknesses
before a predominantly black attdicncc of
approximately 250 people. many of whom
were members of the Albany Community.

A Plt.D. in Black Theology. Cone
believes that no choice is needed between
the ideas of prominent black leaders Mar-
itin Luther King and Malcom X. “They do
not represent two radically different ways
of looking at black freedom." he said. In
stead. they compliment cttclt other. “and
they can not be simply mythological
heroes for the black masses-praise for
them is cheap when it costs us nothing."

Cone added that "Martin Luther King
and Malcolm X tell us who we are-what
.our struggle for freedom means." He
went on to say that they I'provide a cert-
tral theme in black theology-they give us
the insights needed in our strttgglc. in the
U.S. and abroad."

 

in examining the “social and politi‘al
origins" of King's philosophy. Cone ex-
plained that beeatrsc Kirtg was brought rip

 

in a black. middle class fatnily. he in-
corpcrated “middle class values" into his
thoughts about black freedom. King
stated that there was "a spirit of coopera-
tion" between some blacks and whites.
and lie kept his faith irt white people. ac-
cording to (Tone. “l le believed that whites
were capable to become sensitized to the
suffering of blacks."

At the same time King provided no
critique of capitalism. said Cone.
“llecause King was raised as ruiddle class.
'auy racism he encountered was social. not
economical or political." (‘one added that
King “defined the problem of racism as
separation of tire races." and did not
strive for the overthrow of society becattsc
“one does not destroy that which one
wants to share in.”

According to Cone. King's greatness
"cart be defined in his ability to inspire
poor blacks" to become dedicated to the
gaining of knowledge and the develop-
ment of their intelligence. Cone said
“dedication means the commitment to
work hard" and that Martin Lutltcr King
represents "a courageous example“ for
those striving toward this goal.

President Vincent O‘l.eary also attend-
cd tlreluncheon. and in a short welcome
address rtotcd that “Martin Luther King
belongs to all of us——he stood and died for
the dignity of human beings. whatever
race." and lie received a round of ap-
plausc when he said that “we will corr-
tirure the struggle'nud we will succeed."

'l'lre luncheon was part of the 198240
President's lectureship Series. which is
based this 5 on the theme "Racism.
Scsism. Anti-Semitism and Discrimina-
tion against the Disabled.“ There was no
admission fee for the well-attended.
elaborate affair. which was sponsored in
part by the Office of the President and by
Affirmative Actiort. Additional funds
were donated by UAS, which. according
to Professor of African and Afro-
Amcrican Studies l-‘rank Pogue. con-
tribrrted "a larger srtrrr this year titan irt
previous years. so the lecture corurnittee
didn't have to request as tnttcir frorn the
President."

l’ogue rucntiorrcd that this was the
fourth annual Martin Lttther King.
Jr./lilaek History Motrtlr Luncheon. One
student. who had artetrdcd the event in a
previous year. was quoted as saying that
the evctrt was “much more well organized
this year-it's much rrtore formal." ii]

 

 

 

 

r' v» ' '-r«'-<«--rvx~«:..rv: 1:-'"t--7at.a "St-1‘ animus. ..

 

Juli-high:  I -. -

:r 1;“..M. v. ' ' _;,.‘_,‘,,';;;;;_:;,y,~~. I,“ .  .

 

 

 

