i

;.
3i

 

Mir—«a?

.47.;

. <~.—‘ .3

 

.i

....‘,..._.x«-.M...u—-.

 

 

 

 

 

ATTENTION JUNIORS
AND SENIORS
PRESIDENTIAL
AWARDS
FOR
UNSERGRADUATE
RESEARCH

The Annual Presidential Awards for Undergraduate
Research will be conferred at the Third Annual Honors
Convocation. Saturday, May 21.1983.

The twenty Presidential Awards for Undergraduate
Research carry art honorarium of $100 apiece. The
awards program was set up to encourage and recognize
excellence in scholarship and creative work among
SUNYA's undergraduates. Juniorg and §enjors are en-

coura ed to com )ete [or the awards.

Selection of candidates is used on a Inc—rior paper or
project produced b the student in conjunction with a
course or indeperu ent study. under the direction of a
SUNYA faculty member. Since the papers or projects
are due in the Dean's offices for the final selection pro-
cedure on or about April 1 (consult your Dean or
Chaiperson for details). students should start thinking
about submitting work begun and/or completedfor Fall.

1982 or at last year within the next few weeks.

The awards have been apportioned to the colleges
and schools according to the number of declared
undergraduate majors as follows: Humanities and Fine
Arts. 4; Science and Mathematics, 5.- Social and
Behavioral Sciences. 5; Business, 3; Public Affairs. 2;

Social Welfare. 1.

 

 

Each College or School will be
responsible for choosing the appropriate number of
candidates and forwarding their names to Jeffrey Ber-
man, Chair of the UAC Honors Committee. (MU-379). by

May 1. 1983.
For more information contact:
Frank G. Pogue. I‘D-216. 457-8301 (Undergraduate

Studio‘s)
or at. BA-llB. 457-8486 S rican & Afro-American
Stud es)

Mova our CAMPUS?

FIND OUT WHA T YOUNEED TO KNOW
BEFORE IT’S T00 LA Tn.

COME TO THE , ‘ I
MOVING 0FF CAMPUS
WORKSHOP I /
TUESDAY, FEB. 15 th 7:30 pm

 

 

 

ALDEN MAIN LOUNGE (ALUMNI QUAD)

REPRESENTATIVES FROM
OCA OCHO &LEGAL SERVICES

( ADRPT 1
GRANDPAREN’E‘

J.S.(.‘. llillel sponsors trips to Doughlers-of-hhm/r

Nursing Home. Now we will be going twice a uw/r (m

Tuesdays and on Thursdays. If anybody is interested or
knows they will be attending, please call.-

.l.S.C. Office: 7-7508
Joe Savill: 7-4066

  
  

 

Buses leave from the Circle of 6:30p.nr.
Do a Mitzvuln and Thank You.

 

 

 

 

 

 

L S.A. Funded

 

 

 

 

By James J. Can-

 

A re-organlzation of the University's
Animal Welfare Committee has been
authorized by President Vincent 'Leary in
response to revisions in State Health
Department regulations and a genuine eon-
eern for the treatment of laboratory
animals. according to University Research
Compliance ()fficcr Jeffrey Cohen.

The committee. urtdcr new University
guidelines. will rnortitor all classroorrt in.
structiou attd research involving the use of
animals. (‘oltcn said. Currently. only the
biology and psychology departments on
campus use animal subjects; both are sub-
ject to federal attd state liccttsurc. Accor-
ding to (‘ohcn. they are inspected-annually
by tile Committee. tltc State Health Depart:
ment. and the United States Department of
Agriculture.

Psychology Departtncut Chair Dr. (tor—
don (i. (iallup said that micc arc uscd for
experiments in predator-prey relations, bttt
cottld not be sure Itow rmtrty tnicc tltc
dcpatttncnt used. Approximatcly 2t) micc.
20 rats. tltrcc rabbits attd an “assorted
ttrttrtbcr“ of cats are used itt the biology
dcparttttcrtt. accordirtg to department chair
Dr. iicrtry ’l‘edcsclti.

('at dissections are used for tire examina-
tiott of intcrrtal systcms. rats and ttticc fur-
nish experimental anirtral tissues. quail eggs
are used for embryos. attd fish arc used for
tttcrnhranc study. accordittg to biology pro-
I'cssot Joseph I’. Mascarcrttias..

"What tltc corntrtittcc tries to determine
is tltc rrtittitttrrttt atttourtt of suffering itt
order to accomplish the scientific
purpose.“ Cohen csplaincd. “Our ap-
proach has bcctt to develop a University
policy —— wc arc trying to make sure that tltc
minimum requirements rttect state law. ltt
some cases, University requirements will ex-
cccd those set by tile state."

 

A typical laboratory specimen

“...l/re cmmrtillt't' trier Io (/I'lt’l‘lllillt’ IlteAuIr'nintItIn amount of tailoring... '

’l‘hc ttcw revisions pay particular atten-
tion to the sire of artitttal cages. tltc number
of animals per cage. and the cages' air cir-
crtlatiort. (‘ohctt said. A ttcw area for com-
mittcc review will be the use of animals itt
the classroom. witcrc Cohen secs of poten-
tial for unnecessary suffering. The commit-
tcc artd dcparttttcnt chairs want to look
more closely at this qttcstion. “We want to
rttakc sure that what's being done is
necessary. and that no alternative way ex-
ists." (‘oltcrt said.

 

FEBRUARY”. 1983 El ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 5

Committee monitors animal research treatment

ED MARUSSICM UPS

The rtcw state regulations grew out of

public concern tt\cl' the use of animals on
campuses statewide. attd the ttcw guidelines
have lrcctt approved by the University
Senatc. This kind of change is taking place
across lltc state. (‘ohcn said. although
SUNYA is early itt tltc tnovctrtcrtt. "We're
not doing this just because tltc govcrtttttcttt
says we have to, we are doing it bccausc it is
university policy. something we t'cel is
tight."

The re-organi/ed Animal Welfare Corti-

mlttce does not as yet have a full slate of
members. Cohen added. The group involv-
ed In the re-organizaiton has been in con-
tact with several people inside and outside
of the university community in their search
for new members. The university is ex-
peeled to name a full panel sometime in the
near future.

Cohen said one of the ﬁrst tasks of the
new comtnlttee will be to set new standards
for animal suffering. A large antotrnt ofthe
responsibility will fall‘upon the individual
department chairs.

Gallup is involved with a national com-
mittee on animal welfare. as well as serving
as an advisor on the university’s Animal
Welfare Committee. He is a member 05 the
American Psychological Association's
Committee on Animal Research. “Here in
rite department. animals are used primarily
for learning experiments. model conditions.
trtd tests of cognitive capacities." Gallup
raid.

'l‘cdcschi said that rtrttclt of the study in
the Itiology department is dortc first on the
cellular lcvcl. before arty work with
animals. He believes that there is need for
supervising authority. and ﬂ framework for
treatment. "There is a need for someone to
sit back and see this subjectively." Tcdcschi
said.

Dr. James Robinson is tltc local vcter-
narian \ct’vittf‘. on tile committee. Robinson
sccs tltc committee's role as a positive one.
“We watch things prctty carefully." he
said. The corrtrttittcc relies heavily upon
Robinson's judgement concerning tltc treat-
"will of animals on campus.

"His job really is to cvalttale. because he
has a better understanding than we do.“
Cohen said.

Robinson said: "I've seen many animal
care facilities. At Albany tltey‘rc as good as
arty. and better than most," I l

. .. .... ~_.ww.marm r >er4 '

 

 

 

 

§UI2F§ UP

at
Le FAT CAT

FOR an etiortc

SUNDAY NITE i i ’

FEBRUARY 25th

-Complimentary Champa e
and Beach Balls gn

-Drink Specials

-Admission — $3.00

  
 
  
  
 
  
 

Time—10:00pm til.......

   

   
    
    
  
 

 

 
 

LE FAT CAT
326 Central Ave
(at Quail

 

v» ~--~—- ~v--~--—-tmm«.-.<.r_u~ ‘r‘a‘aoinrti‘uLA-ifl'li-}»I ...uhrwcnuxumnM-AAU

preserﬁe By D

  
   

 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
  
   
   
 

 

  
 
 
 
   

Remove Intoxicated Drivers chapter organized

lty Amy Kilgus

Hull! ll'RIIlt'

'i'hc ttatiottwidc Rctttovc intox-
icated Drivers (RID). a program
that functions as a deterrent to
drunk drivers. had a SUNYA
chapter ittitiatcd Monday morning
drrrittg a prcss conference where a
five point cdtrcatiottal plan was
outlined by campus co-ordimttor
Jeff Fromm.

A fttll 30 percent ol‘drunk driving
fatalities come front tire college age
grottp. said Fronntt. Because of tltis
it is appropriate to have a clttttpus-
based Rll). artd students should be
involved in stopping this trend. ad~
dcd Rich Schaffcr'. co-ordiuator of
SlJNYA~Rll).

    

Bl (IINNl ii (iii ADV/\NU [I Cost In alrrtttl lint Marta» .u .r «t-rttttttltrr at .r
US cutlugu struts) l‘ttntrlttcltttltlb|t!l ttttttttiIIII)lttlit-\ttllt'itlllltNl'W
York room board .rrrrtturttun cornpltytu Govt-,rorttuntorarttsaodloans.

available tor ultgrblo shutouts

Ltvuwtttt a Spanish tantrty,nttundctasso-v tout rtoltrtt array it)tll( yt.
wuutc tout rnurtttts ham to no. ot crcdrt totuuvatctu to 4 some
taught rtt U 5 coltngus. own .t two your turn- ‘mdttl Your Spar

According to Doris Aiken.
prcsidcntof Rll) USA. Rll) func—
tions basically as a source of infor-
mation arid aid to victims and their
families itt court. The information
they give. site said. focuses on get-
tittg pcoplc rtot to feel sorry for the
drttrtk drivers." site said “we're not
talking about tltc guy who stopped
off for a couple of beers on the any
home front work.“ She said for tltc
average 105 lb. male. driving after
drinking too tl-ouncc cans of beer
isn't enough to be considered a
drunk bclrittd the wheel. Drunk
driving for tire same rtratt occurs
after having 5 or (1 drinks in one
hottr. or tlrc l) which is the atcragc
constuncd by those arrested for
driving while intoxicated. or DWI.

‘ r

 
 
 

Ms. Aiken also strcsscd that Rll)
is oriented towards dctcrtcucc. ttol
punishment. Rll) focuses on getting
people to tltittk about drunk driving
before they do it. tint on punishing
people after tltc fact.

Schaffcr said that although there
has been a lot rnorc talk about Iltc
issuc lately. thc statistics "ltavc
bcctt getting worse. trot better." He
emphasich SUNY~RlD was not
formed just to “debate” about
DWI. bttt to cdttcatc students to
take action.

SUNYA-Rll) representatives
presented a fitc-point educational
program to be used to establish
SUNYA-Rll), The first point is to
inform SUNYA members. "The
plan is to give ottt ittforrnatiort

 
 

morn Ciltllltlylltilltltl lusts show our students Iatrquagu skills nupurror
to students f‘ntvtplttltttg two your programs In L; S Advartcud courses
also

Hurry, rt takue. .1 lot at unto to make all arrangornonts

 

[It-L P.’ our." yuat‘

 

:tudtus wrll llL' orttrancou lty opporturuttus. out .rvarlarnn at a LI 5. (taut.

SEM ESTER IN SPAIN

For full Information—write to:

SPRINGSle till it lot) 1 June I IFALI St?Ml:Siva~ Slept to

I Uth ACCHI [till i) A program 'tt trinity Christian Collage

2442 E. Collier S.E.. Grand Rapids, Michigan 49506

 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

 

0 Stress

0 Weight

0 Relationships
0 Phobias

xxxxxxxx

Caryn Silherberg

HYPNOSIS

for
Constructive Creative Change

0 Family

0 Anxiety

0 Depression

0 Personal growth

7 HYPNOTHERAPY—BIOFEEDBACK

447-5797

xxxxxxxx

 

 

 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

 

 

 

    
 

(A Program of Trinity Christian College)

      
   
    

ap-pqagpfqa-pooaooooooa

through statistics. brochures. ar»
ticlcs in thc ASP arid Student
Voice. with films and lectures itt in~
tct'cst meetings attd through
W(‘l)li.“ Fromm said.

SUNYA-Rll) will be citirtg
specific family cases. ltc said. which
usually “hits home“ with most pco-
pic.

The sccond poirtt will be a gather-
ing of statistics. spccifically on
students charged with DWI. accor-
ding to l’romm. SUNYA—RID
hopes to provide a survey itt cvcry
otltcr issue of the ASP of tltc Stu-
dcttt Voice for people to voltrtttarily
respond to. As of yct. ltc said. “wc
have no plans for arty scicntifically
accttr atc surveys to be done on catn-
pus."

'l‘hc ttc\t point. said Scltaffcr. is
to sct up a court watching system itt
which students will get credit for sit—
ting in on DWI cases. Schaffcr.
who has personally sat through
cascs. says this alone will create irtt-
pt’cssiotts on those people who par-
ticipatc.

Tltc fourth poittt is to institute a
cornrrttrttity service program with
two separate divisions, said Fromm.
ltt one division, he said. students
would gather statistics ttnd give in-
formation. Anotltcr division would
set up a referral service. he said.
The referral service will refer callers
who rtccd advice concerning drink-
ing and driving stteh as Middle
Earth as well as groups off» ‘ampus.

 

 

 

'i‘hc fiftlt point is to offer student
input irtto tltc forrrttrlatiott of New
York State Legislation concerning
DWI. according to Fromm.
SUNYA—Rll) won't ltavc a separate
committee for this purpose. ltc said.

Right now. l-‘t'omm siad. New
York State kit). which SUNYA-
Rid is a chapter. is prcparittg l3
legislative proposals. As a chapter.
ltc said. SUNYA—Rll) cart ltclp to
support or fight any of those pro-
posals. llc \ttiti New York State
Rll) has a bill to raise tltc drinking
age to It itr lltcr legislature rtow
which SltNYA~RlD is figlttittg
against.

l’t'tunm said ltc hopes SUNYA-
Rlll's foe-point educational plan
will be successful enough that it
will convince the lcgislature they
don't need to raise the drinking age,
l'lrc student chapter is going to
review the I] legislative proposals
atrd develop a stand on them irt tltc
following interest tttcctings.

SUNYA-RID t'ccicvcd a fttad of
$l40 ftotn the SUNYA Student
Association. SA "residcnIMike
(.‘orso said lte “firmly believed in
RID" because "it is removing the
cause. not just treating the system."
RID-USA doesn‘t fttttd SUNYA-
tut) because RID-USA is art “in-
formation service" and does not
fund chapters. according to Ms.
Aiken
I...

 

Uptown . . . . . . .
45 6-3333

3' Downtown . . . .

482-86/ I

cat'aa'oa'noooao'I-o- L_I

Feb. 28. I 983

roan-onooapalolp

 

