Tl: e Lonqesr WAy Round ls il'he Shonresr WA)! Home

i. .. _ - . x i

\ 1‘ He remembered the summer she was born,
. ' 4 running to knock up Mrs. Thorton In
v Derille street.

illtcent Theresa Bloom, her blond

hair blowing in the early summer

breeze. was impatient. Sitting on
that stupid bus, she realized she was going
nowhere. And it was her birthday.
She remembered Alec. Last week.
Looked so handsome In his tweed shorts.
Showed up Mulligan, that's for sure. And
he thought he was so witty. Hal He wasn't
special at all. Rather boring. in fact. And so
stuck up. But Alec Bannon...well. he was
a different story entirely. She remembered
how she fought with her father when he in‘
formed her he was sending her to study
photography at Mullingar. But why, she
Implored him. did she haue to go there?
She didn't understand those artsy people
and she had absolutely no Interest in
cameras. (She refused to talk to her father
for a week). Nevertheless, off she went.
She had no choice.

hr

     

 

 

was getting darker. the moon made Its ap-
pearance In a hazy attempt. A wind was
gathering, it passed through her hair.
Walking. A car sped past. was it Alec? No.
Of course not.

it was dark. The moon was lull.

She walked.

' ' ' ack in her room. she was lost in
' ‘9 B familiarity. She decided she had
' 1' ' H ' , to forget. The same sights seen so
' manytlmes before. Forget. (She wondered
if Mulligan treated his women as such) She
imagined their death that night and 8
wondered if men knew the spontaneity of
falling back and tearing ahead with aban-
don, the aching, mournful despair that she
felt in the darkness of her vision. She
wondered if they ever trembled with
desires they could not control in desperate
tenderness, or insane blindness. She didn't
know.

She felt the Cultn of what only seemed a
moment ngn.rctnembe|iug their kissing.
She might have had his child that day, if
they ha.‘ ; ndc love. She was glad they
waited. She remembered her childhood

  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

     
 
    

0d

,3
gs

t
t".
r

  
    

 

r
r
n
'r
r

She thought of winter yesterday. [lash

 
 
  

   
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
 

 
 
 

 

 

 
     

withered and torn. . .she remembered and ’
anticipated loulng hint. A\ Silly Milly. She was still a child. I dream
' . , ' ‘ . a ' .‘ and I keep (lying She laughed. It was as
he was 80mg In men mm. He ~ “ "MW'$  , ' slinplt' asthat Sin! laughed again llur has
had called her last night and ask. - 4 _ , ‘ Wl‘w W C‘m'i’li‘l“
ed to meet him for her birthday.
(I iv was saying if ugutn- tlu' umuspupr'r lull

from his arm. and he know he unis going to

Had something for her. Site laughed. She
be late luit'rrninulrly ltilt.’ l

couldn't wait to see him. They met at an
_ exhibit she had to go to at school, she
, thought it would be another boring after-

noon. wasted on looking at some art she

l

 

‘ t . .
 ‘\
om.   
I l l
l.‘ 7.! " J ‘7 "
A
(She felt fl('f tnsigrult’cunce, and suddenly

realized slru was content. She smiled Stu:
slept purrct'lully.)

 

 

. didn't understand. His eyes caught hers

1. before her very eyes. She thought he was be seeln her father H ’

.- still in Paris but no there he was And she her love9 ' 8d be sure to send NO' b s i I "St k ' 'i'ht-u' “"60"” ""3 WW (Ed ‘h’ough "mum’- lhe i d B kt d0 '1 down down fall/'7 2"” hafShl

3‘ elled for him and'he turned around and b No' u y sgna can hurt. ' ' 'e 'jtw ii i “’“l’ ’0 mother throu lt dau hter Molly 0”“ mu“ have a reason '0' 'enem'on' She mo'her' New ham" to "9 arms; ac 0 ul h d ghg VI 9

r y !b t i. i I i t I st h But then she started runnln d was no one po'mo'w'emnce' 5"“ W" l" Bloom Null 3] ,3 n g h'er mm thought. Andi have none. There was no herself. So it returns. Think you re escap- pusttnq t 9 air own [urt er a ea] was

gave a quaca squn any ep an 9 own [he 0'" 0‘ 'he house 'errme" a'm'e "n" 5"" N I y oom' ow was ' da that could fulfill a day no moment my and run into yourself. Longest way dropping from a tree falling to the ground
4"” She was hls ﬂower 0‘ the moun'a'n' y ' round is the shortest way home. Back to "mums and "Ulng a moment a "WHO" ‘1

immediately. and she just knew. she could
smell it right away. And afterwards they
went to the jazz cafe and lived to a fat man
hammering on a grand piano. Later they
walked on Sandymount Strand and the
sand sparkled like tiny meteors of light
against the black water. The air was cool
and still and the sky was a silver-blue
velvet. The mood got so heavy then and
he tried to talk meaningfully. . .Yes. Yeats
Is wonderful, 1 particularly like "The
Tower", don't you. blah. blah. . . But. no.
she said, she didn't understand poetry. and
she took off her shoes and started running,
running down the beach. She felt so alone
suddenly, but then he caught up to her,
and they were laughing and running. She
couldn't remember when she had felt that
way before and then everything stopped
and was quiet and he leaned over and kiss-
ed her. And without warning she
remembered what her father said before
she left. . . she was only going to be six-
teen be careful about boys that would take
aduantage 0/ her and not do too much
then her mother interrupted and told him
to leave her alone she was growing up not
to bother with him she was old enough to
decide what was right [or her and here she
was now being kissed by this person and
her heart was beating she felt so beautiful
she didn't want it to stop but she wanted to
but it had to be special she wanted to be in
eye.

And now she was going to meet him.
At her room, and then he would take
her out.

it was her birthday.

hers, just because she wanted.
needed time to get herself
together, and think about what could hap-
pen. And then. walking right past her'was
Stephen. Stephen Dedalus himself, right

S he got off the bus one stop before

could give. He recognized her and she ran
to him. hugging him. They had known
eachother for years. since they were little
kids (he still thought she was a little girl)
and she asked for all the news. He didn't

 

 

 

   
    
 
 
 

«1'! a

She grabbed

have much to say, he was rather quiet. as
usual. He adjusted his glasses. He was hav-
ing trouble with Mulligan at their apartment
and he thought he would have to move. It
had been building up for a while, though.
He ran his hands through his short blond
hair.

-Hey, he said. is it true you’re seeing
Bannon?

(She blushed) -Yeah, it was true. she
was going to meet him now for her birth—

ay.

-Nice guy, he said.

She nodded.

Suddenly he had to go, but he'd see
her soon. he was sure. Tomorrow he might

he wanted to walk faster but
didn't want to at the same time.
Silly Milly she thought, her affec-
tionate nickname. Her father loved that
name, used to call her that all the tlme.She
recalled the days when they were closer.

  
 

(dose?
’99?

 

5&3032
.09999.
090

I

I

i.

r

; r

t .
r
".

.1

      

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

Her birthdays when she was nine, ten.
eleven. The year returns. . . History
repeats the old conceits, the same replies
the glib defeats. . . Keep your finger on im:
portant issues. Yes. Yes. . . She
remembered him ribboning her hair. her
giving him that ridiculous breakfast
moustache cdp. And now she was the
'Photo Girl." Alec dubbed that one. Pretty
Ironic, really. He thought It was cute. She
started to walk faster. She stopped herself
No. Not too fast. But she wanted to run:
She wanted to fly down the streets and see
him standing in front of her dorm she
wanted to crash Into his arms and take him
upstairs and never let him leave.

streets and she didn't care If she was toot
anxious she didn ‘t care that she was out of
breath she was mad she was crazy she was
running running down the hills down the
slopes so fast feeling the wind under her
feet as she ﬂew her blue dress was pressed

against her legs and her hips and she ran
and she ran andlshe ran.

She waited for about fifteen minutes before
she started to worry about his coming lint
an hour passed before she did anything
How could he forget? Why wasn't he rall-
lng? He had said meet at one. For lunch ll
was two—fifteen. Where was he? How could
he do this to her? She didn't understand
Everything had gone so well the last lliill‘
they were together. it didn't make 5mm
She tried to call him. it was busy Audi”
BUSV‘ Busy. Busy. Busy. She thought ol
her roommate, Linda. "l wartth to mull
him but busy busy busy and that hurts ill a
minimal sense isn‘t that ridiculous that u

walked and walked down to Sandyinutllll
She grabbed a fistful of sand. and suddenly
felt his warm face slip through her “MW”
and she didn't want to remember nnyuww
She leaned against a wire fence and lwl‘l
on to It. She felt utterly alone. Solilutli? l-l'

ticiby little she shrank into the sand there
wt no power no remorse no alfection.
Bl' dness she said as she pushed herself
downward the water surged onward for—
wd If her memory was not the same she
drtw backward the infinite weeping for no
illlE.

 

i**

he dreamt they were together.
He was weaving passionate
moments with his rich laughter.
He played with her hair. He observed that
she looked like her mother. She smiled.
She did. What had her father told her?

NOW she could cry.

The more she dreamt. the more she
rumembered.

Why Couldn't she forget? Years later she
would rush into their bedroom, her parents

  
      
   
 
  
    

 

 

bedroom, her swollen eyes would accuse.
she would scream You lied to me, you
lied. They would be old, and would talk to
themselves, they would pretend to have
love because they had each other, but
there would be no recognition, no choice.
They would laugh and laugh and suddenly
Alec would come and there was no love
only pretending pretending and they
would laugh and laugh until they couldn't
stop laughing.

he was awake. She felt a lump in
S her throught and her chest and
her stomach. but she was awake.

And remembering. She wondered what
time it was. She didn't want to remember.

could succeed another.

The air was breathless. She turned over
and lay on her back. She absorbed the
elements surrounding her. An angle of
blackbirds disappeared in the reddening

 

sky. How noble they are in their tranquility.
Suddenly she wished she could see
Stephen Dedalus. Why couldn't she fall for
someone like him? His Intensity scared her,
always thinking those philosophic
thoughts. Why did he have such a need to
be different. to endure? (But who didn't?)
She could never really articulate her feel-
ings to him, anyway. Too intimidated. Her
parents had hinted at their being together
once. maybe wishful thinking. Why didn‘t
Alec show up?

She got up and shook the sand off of
her. There is no certainty. she thought.
Where could she go? Home? No. her
father wanted her at this damn
photography school. Why? She missed her

school.

She started walking._her head held
down, examining the brown grass in-
terspersed with sand and pebbles. The sky

***

he felt the color again. and she

S smelled him She bolted awake.

and there in front of her. he

stood. He had some mountain flowers in

his hand. Where had he been? He was

sorry. he was sorry. Mulligan. his mother.

emergency. hospital, she didn‘t want to

hear it. He grabbed her hand. he was
sorry.

Happy Birthday.

Happy Birthday.

To you too, she said.
He gave her the flowers.

I'm sorry.

She knew she would forgive him. She felt
powerful. it didn't matter She held out her
hand. She smiled.

It's my birthday. she laughed.
Suddenly she felt free. freer than she had
ever felt. The air wandered in through the
screen in the window. and it etched a path
permanently and transparently in the dark
room. There was no vanity there. no con-
tempt. Iarn careless. she thought. i am
careful. He whispered sounds she heard
'nothing. She listened. There was no pat-
tern. It was a randomless moment In an
hour crowded with many Where was the
intrigue? The night spoke of mystery and
melancholy and she knew and she
understood and she loved him. She
thought how beautiful he looked next to
her. She knew the memory was already
apparent as he spoke to her. it was already
planned. She didn't have to do anything.
He loved her. Slowly she undressed first in
the dark room. a moment's hesitation ap~
parent. briefly. Could she trust him? Could
she trust? The house was empty. the doors
Nere opened, the halls endless. the floors
eternal.

Yes he felt her and suddenly he was lying
upon rocks and the water was cascading

cube oltime he held her and yes he knew it
was enough in the blackness o] uisions yes
in some outstretched shadows of clinging
of twisting yes a] returning. Cl

 

 

 

