 

 

 

 

.r'I'IIIIIIIIM"Illltellllnmr 1
Welcome To T

The 'Nominees. Are...

Category _

 

Best Movie

[1 E. T.
the Extra-Terrestrial

Ci Gandhi
El Missing

[J Tootsie
E] The Verdict

 

 

 

Best Director

C] Richard Attenborough

(Gandhi)

Ci Sidney Lumet

(The Verdict)

Ci Wolfgang Petersen

(Das Boot) .

D Sidney Pollack (Tootsie)

D Steven Spielberg
(ET. the Extra-Terrestrial)

 

 

Best Actor

Ci Dustin Hoffman
(Tootsie)

Ci Ben Kingsley (Gandhi)
Ci Jack Lemmon (Missing)

Ci Paul Newman
(The Verdict)

Ci Peter O'Toole t
(My Favorite Year)

 

 

 
  

he S'thAn'

Our Choice

 

 

 

1.

nual Ac

 

Foreign Language Film

[3 Alsino and the Condor: Miguel
Littln (Nicaragua)

Ci Coup de Torchon; Bertrand
Tauernler (France)

Ci Flight of the Eagle; Jan Troell
(Sweden)

[3 Private Life: Yuri Ralzman's
(Russia)

El Voluer a Emperor (Begin the
Begulne); Jose Luis Garcia (Spain)

Our Choice: Flight 0/ the Eagle

 

 

Screenplay

Ci Diner - Barry Leulnson

L] E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
Melissa Mathlson
Ci Gandhi - John Briley

D An Ofﬁcer and a Gentleman
Douglas Day Stewart

Ci Tootsie - Gelbart, Shisgal-
Screenplay; Gelbart. McGuire-Story

Our Choice: Diner - Barry Levtnson

 

Adapted Screenplay

Ci Das Boot - Wei/gang Petersen

U Missing - Costa Gauras and
Donald Stewart

Li Sophie's Choice - Alan J,
Pakula

[:i The Verdict - Dauld Mantel

‘ Li Victor/ Victoria - Blake Edwards

Our Choice: Sophie's Choice - Alun
Pakula

 

 

 

 

-- Illll’lf

Aspects decided to have a convgrsatton with the award's namesake -

Oscar. I went in search oi the deiiiitttve choices for this years awards and
lound not only choices but an interesting perspective on film and the institution at
the Academy. it was a rainy. Allied Hitch ock type day. lending itseii well to the
(wires in a very icinpermental industry.

T‘ his ‘5 The 55”) War of the Acadiimy Awards. in honor of the occasion

Megan Gray Taylor

ASPECTS: Let's start lUillt tlw big ciitggorlcs. Which lllm do you think wW
best picture?

OSCAR? Th?“ hi“? l” b“ llil‘ lilt‘klcslq esllon oi the year. You see it's not as
Simple a5 WhiCh Picture is but on its aw.” eiit. Gandhi Is a monumental film. the
“Si really 900d epic ﬁlm Hit-w iltL' (lays: [)avid Lean's Lawrence of Arabia or
DONG" ZlilU090~ bl” WhUliu'i ll \t‘iil wind pends a lot on who gets best director.
Will the Academy vole two llllli'it tt\\'iti(l5 3 a British itim especially alter Chariots
of Fire W0” “‘5‘ WE"? (5 T is it 'litssit‘. it viii be the lllm shown year alter year.
mUCh like “19 Wizard “l 02 ts toilttv line again the directorial award could aliect
it- Will Slew" SPiL’llmti- Sunoniiiicii hyt a controversy at Vic Morrow's death.
be recognized this year itlttl ii w tit which category?

 

ASPECTS: which do you tlniil. iiill into
OSCAR: i have to go with (tilttillll
ASPECTS: Then uilio it'lll ll'ttt [that lim 3r?

OSCAR? For ""3 “WW l5‘1”‘l""‘~litilt.lliit! Noiigang Peterson should win (or Dos
BOOL Utiliirluniilcly- l1“ ilili'w't tintilylmi .,i chance. This lllm should have been
nominated for Best Picture, lnit ‘xititt‘llllttiE'l make the cut. I don't think Peterson
Will Gillwf- l SUSIJUCi iiMl Alii'lii“ii'llltlliklill} in. again because oi the epic propor-
tion oi Gandhi. ‘5

 

 

ASPECTS: The general (Ulii i‘lt'utt‘r Milkith’i‘yl Strecp. lintiiiig iilri’riily iiioii Thu
Netti York Film Critics All'iiltl liiltl illi'li‘idé’] Globe will by u slum-iii [or Hus! /\(‘r
tress, Do you agree? i

OSCAR: Absoiutcly. Thaw is on wiiii'ii tmliiiiicd pcrionnaiicu to compare with
hers. This is the one categoiy that I .imiea’fliy sure oi.

ASPECTS: What about ili'ssii ti lillitlt'

OSCAR: Well as you must know. iltiwstte rst time in many years that an oclicss
has been nominated in tvvo mimiuiivs attire Streup will win Iii-5t Actress. the
Academy tends to be soil and mil iiiitrltit~§upprirtti1g Actress in Lungt'. Let me
add that i think this category this themkést nominations and that by all rights
Lange is probably the best t'lttih u 3

ASPECTS: What about Bi-si (\titﬂ) '

OSCAR: Again. politics rtnws Ila ttillL 'iad‘, l ieel several members of the Dos
Boot cast should be In this ilni it t'ittiiiilneiore Jack Lemmon). Ben Kingsley is
making his lllm debut and Although it! n impressive periormance i felt that It
lacked a real sense of Gandhi the itiniii ’te emotional favorite is Paul Newman.
and lot me he is the only real i‘ltiiit‘i’ limeriormance was outstanding, and he is
an actor at long standing. that .ilwtiyaitps _In this race.

ASPECTS: Best Supporting Actor billed to be a hat race between Louis
Gossett, Jr. in An Officer am! A (itiiiilcrmfand John Lithgow in Garp. Any in-
sight?

OSCAR: l agree with you that illls ioniseécontest. but i feel pretty confident In
calling Gossett the winner Imi- t[.- mad that is not only a good actor. but a
man who is respected in the timiv ilniiin‘seli could get one an Oscar these days.

ASPECTS: There are so liltitiLiiiiln‘i t’liiiill‘l‘es, some important. some seemingly
superllous. Can you tell mt- Iunr ihu l‘tiirgr'i Films are chosen. that always seems
to be fraught with CUllii‘Uilt’i'SL’ '

OSCAR: Well each country ls .iilutwttt nominate one film. This year 25 coun»
tries submitted itlms. The lioiiitt tiit’lt itvs these hints and makes its choices. I
agree that often these soc-m ..,.,.i iilht'hh'ﬁialld truthluliy I question the choices
many times. The most CUIilltWI‘tshil liliit'l]l§ year is the Nicaraguan entry Alsi‘no
and the Condor an Fillll‘AiiiL‘ilt’itlt liliti tilt til a young boy growing up surrounded
by the brutality oi war. 'I'hen- li.t‘.l' iiL'L'ii «its oi problems getting the Nicaraguan
embassy in show the film in Nov. York ti‘dgiinally succeeded just last week. but i
can't understand this iilin's liliillllttlilttltiild! the Hungarian iilm Time Stands Still
which was the CmeS wilmo, i'niip iit'lfnrchon is a good iiini about a police
chief who makes a clean 51”“, in,‘ innitkmjg cvti-doers. Flight of the Eagle stars
Max Von Sydow as the lender ol .m til'liiit’dlbilllOOn expedition over the arctic cir»
cle. This is a really strong t'iiillt'lltlili Put it: Llle a Russian lilmis about a "11‘"
who discovers he's wasted his lilt' i‘hv tutti) selection is the Spanish iilm Volner u
Empezar which deals with a limit Wlttitl’liiriiS to Spain 40 years after he (led dur-
ing the civil war. i agree that tilts i, .i tilliicllll group. and that most people will

never see most if not all ol thaw iiiim
ASPECTS: Wlmt aim”) ll“. tilltt’i tilli’iltilhgﬁ) What do you consider runlly iinlioiv

tant and who do you laiiorE‘

OSCAR: Well for me the St'ti'wnplm,‘ «’«tli’iiQiil'h are. important because they t'c|)i'("
sent some oi the iii-st talent in inn tnisinw Hike Barry Levinson's screenplay for
oily til'iftlllttl | oiit‘i‘itl llIU Adaptation category is Itiiii‘t' (iii

Diner because it is .i re 7 I
:1 “Wil‘ 0” 50])lii'ir's Choice and Peterson 5

itcult with my vote split boiwm-n lhthlll ‘
Work on Dos Boot. There ("1' w itiilllV i'MEDIIoniii contributions to categories lll(t‘
Sm,ch [mums A” Diruvhmt M. Iiiiti lunnlii like all oi these individuals to gel

the recognition they desurw- tlnlottltilaii'iv. the large studio's spottil millions oi

dollars on ads in the Trades to malty wun' limit pimple get nominated lcnn't say

It's always lair. but it nowr i.ni~. in tu- t'xtililtii.

ASPECTS: Iloni do you li'i'l itiiotii iniilnng predictions?
OSCAR: i wonder Ii H] (w .iuiu“ Wt-li. I10 out: listens to me anyway, i'in inst

another a pretty face. I l

 

 

""  ' ~’  v. "mam:-

a emy Awards

Our Choice

 

 

 

 

 

Category

 

Best Actress

Ci Julie Andrews
(Victor/ Victoria)
[J Jessica Lange (Frances)

[Li Sissy Spacek (Missing)
Li Meryl Streep
Choice)

ll Debra Winger
(An Officer and a Gentleman)

(Sophie 's

 

 

 

Best
Supporting

Actress

[U Glenn Close

(The World According to Garp)
Li Teri Garr (Tootsie),

Li Jessica Lange (Tootsie)
L] Kim Stanley (Frances)

L] Lesley Ann warren
(Victor/ Victoria)

 

 

Best
Supporting

CtOl‘
ii] Charles Burning
(The Best Little Whorehouse in
Texas)
[1 Louis Gossett Jr.
(An Officer and a Gentleman)
l] John Lithgow
(The World According to Garp)
t E James Mason
(The Verdict)
[‘ l Robert Preston
(Victor/ Victoria)

 

 

 

 

Cinematography
t i Das Boot - Jost Vacant)
[,1 ET. the Extra-Terrestrial -
Allen Dniiiou
i l Gandhi - lii'liy William & Roiiiiii'
'l'aylor
| l Sophie's Choice - Nestor
Aliiicndi‘os

i l Tootsie - ()iiii'n lioiznitiii

Our Choice: Sophie's Choice
Nestor Aliiniiidros

 

Film Editing

l 1 Das Boot - l‘lanncs Ntkel
ii ET. the Extra Terrestrial
Carol Lilileton

[Ni Gandhi - John liloon

l .i An Officer and a Gentleman
I’eter Zinner

til Tootsie - Fri-ilcric Siuinkonip A”:
Wilbur Stuiiikanip

Our Choice: Dus Boot - limiin

Nikel

 

Costume Design

ii Gandhi - John McIIo a‘: Bhuru
Allialya

i l La Trauiata - l’i'uro Tosi

Ll Sophie's Choice - Allu‘rt Wolsky
i i Tron - Cloris ilL‘ltSSClt and liosnn-

no Norton

| 1 Victor/ Victoria - l’ntrlcio Norris

Our Choice: Tron - Cloris Jensscn
and Rosanna Norten

 

 

 

