 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Ken Dornbaum and
Evan Murphy

The music scene has changed dramatically in
the past few years. More and more. new groups
are gaining popularity and are receiving substan-
tial exposure. One reason for this can be attributed
to a new medium which combines music with a
short film. This medium is called video music.

The pioneering force behind the popularization
oi video music is Music Television. MTV ("the first
24-hour video music channel in stereo . "l.

The MW Format Problem 1

Video Jockeys:

The terminology of the 'new visual age' has
brought to us the term V .l . which Is the abbrevia-
tion for Video Jockey. For all those ignorant to
MTV. \’..J.'s are our guides through the vast
jungle of videos-In addition. the V.J.'s conduct
iii-depth interviews, read commercials. and report
the most Interesting music ‘news'. There are five
V..l.'s:

Alan Hunter: lie is the one who mutters
through the morning shift. A former actor. be con-
stantly reminds us of the szecond shot of him in
David Bowie's video. Fashion. With his cute
southern accent and good 'ole boy mannerisms.
he has become the Shaun Cassidy of MTV. His
knowledge of the music world is so expansive that
it can only be stored on the Cue-cards in front of
him. Alan is the type with an inquiring mind that
reads The National Enquirer.

Martha Quinn: Martha bubbles with an Erm-
nipresent giggle through the afternoon shift. A
self-proclaimed preppy-punk. she gives an entire-
ly new meaning to the term ‘air-head'. After wat-
ching her effervescentvlike performance. onegets
a saccharine-like aftertaste Martha likes to sing.
She has managed to perform the only cute ver~
sion of Lou Reed's “Walk on the Wild Side." Also.
she has the distinction of having a daily trivia
question during her program. There is nothing
more symbolically appropriate than trivia on Mar-
tha's show.

J.J. Jackson (aka Triple J): J.J. is an ex-
marine and former radio personality. This does
not mean that he transcends the other V.J.'s. for
he is dull and obnoxious. His character is so plastic
that we get the feeling that he‘is inflated and
deflated before and after his shift.

Nina Blackwood: Nina does weekend late-
nights and substitution. From California, she too is
a former disc jockey. Doing the night shift suits
Nina well. as one gets the feeling that she is not
entirely there — exactly the state most of her au-
dience is in. She tends to fade in and out like a
weak radio signal. Hardly a Noble Prize can-
didate. she does. however. appear slightly more
intelligent than the other V.J.'s.

Mark Goodman: Mark does the overnight shift.
This is a good idea. since very few people have to
watch him. This is why we dislike Mark the least.

  

Music News:
Twice an hour. the

The MTV Format Problem 2

MTV viewer is subjected to

‘ Music News. What progresses Is one of the follow-
ing; either the V.J. dissertates the latest trivia
about rock stars. or there is a taped report about
such earth shattering information as where Boy
George of Culture Club buys his clothes, or why
Limahl. the ex—lead singer of Kaiagoogoo. chose
his hairstyle and why he wants to patent ti.

  

 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 

Van Halon
'llnclumcd"
fair Naming

 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 

watching MTV . .

The MTV Format Problem 3

Promotions and Commercials:

MTV is notorious for Its self'lndulgence. At least
every half hour, It is announced that "You are
.‘f as If you were not aware of
that. Also. MTV is big in peddling products bear-
ing its logo. such as the official MTV blue t~shlrt (a
bargain at $8.99 plus tax). To wuar with the
t-shirt. MTV offers a pair oi pink sweats that bear

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

       
 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

tie {thence of getttn
’uepuro chance.

 

 

.ou'answer a question ' ”

, I’d .. _ , .
lltl ,°f‘f‘...W*‘“' f." ’0" 

 
  
  

    

 
  

  

to, p ck an o , H

tgently Which-straws to‘watctr

:1; But getting back to l[li’rr_rt;tt_cislt
. . . [I

  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

l
’wfieelsi. :The Press

 

hvo's'the exception to the

 

  

nd and telling us quips or

hildriei

   

 

  
  
   
 

 

r gambling counterparts

faith channello and w to and behold

hard Dawson. Throughout Family
. constantly on the camera ——
9W lﬂg'am.“ .
thégcontesiants. Dawson, not the
' ,9 [er of the show.

sltvvo families competing for

hast questions, For example.

it‘s, lives that parents are

‘w’ara- ,‘marrt
of

Your
rule,

stall-

     

 

 

 

 

 

  

   
 
    
    
  
   
  
  

its' emblem. Lastly. MTV pushes for people to pay
exorbitant costs to receive MTV t 1 stereo,

Next on the list are MTV's contests. They lack
imagination. and are rather embarrassing. One
which comes to mind is the poor young woman
who won the chance to embarass herself in a
Loverboy vic’ so. Surley this must be the dream of
every American. Another stupid contest was the
beach party. won by someone in Minnesota
where the narty took place. To hold a beach party
in Miiirie:,i..a with the special guests being the
V..l 's does not sound like much of a social event.

The MTV Formal Problem 4

  
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
     

The Video Programs

The major faults of MTV are within ll‘v program
tiring, MTV thinly. Iri iin‘tIilrty Vlill'lt‘r ft It i‘klt’ltililtl
[minds of time, l'or example. “erith Worlrling"
by liilly Idol has been in heavy rotation for owi a
year Such hackni'yr-d~towluath \’||lt'ti‘r are
repeated on the hour Who among its ltrrs irot
st'un “Hungry Like the Wolf." "l’hologiapli."
"Maniac" rrr' "llrit (itrls in lawn” at ll'rl‘tl lllli
times This point brings iirto l]llt‘\llitti who tlr‘li't
mines the programming It is not lltr' V .l but
rather soint' corporate official who rlir tatcs what is
to be played.

Another problem that is only beginning in be
rectified is the racism on MTV Unfortunately. the
type of rock and roll they play excludes lllt ist black
artists. But recently. they have begun to play
Slialamar'. Lionel Ritchie. Michael Jackson.
Prince. etc, Still these videos are ltliitlk'tl and are
mere tokens; many important black artists int-
beng dismissed by MTV.

From such lack of willingness. one can see that
MTV refuses to be experimental. Most of the new
music showcased on MTV has already been coin»
merclally successful in Britain. MTV ovurplayud
Kajagoogoo after its lrlt "Too Shy" reached the
top of the British charts. but failed to play videos
by such aspiring American bands such as REM
Although they have a monthly program called
"Basement Tapes" which features unsigned bands
that are mainstream and whose Videos blase and
typical.

The formulas for videos on MTV tend to lir' lltr'
same [{ither there is a flimsy storyline of hill“ |Ii
terr'st featuring the artist (note "She Work.» Hard
for the Money" by Donna Summer. “Young
Turks" by Rod Stewart or “Low is a Battlefield"
by Pat lienalar. They are all basically llu' same
video) 01'. there is a Sl’ll'lllLlUlgUitl Vttlr'ir of thr-
gioiip lip synclring trying to create the effect of a
live concert. This of course pr’ovrdes for absolute-
ly banal treatment of the song and great ('gtilisllt‘rtl
pleasure for the musician, This does riot mean
that there are a limited number of things one can
do with video. but that MTV is very firm about the
content of its product

MTV has a great power, as it presently dictates
what shall be the trendy. new pop hit of the week
MTV has brought such as rea||y~never-should-
have-beens as Survivor, Talk Talk. and hopefully

very soon Billy Idol. It is a pity that they expose so
few talented bands. and most of the ones that
make it on the screen drown themselves in
mediocrity l '

 

    
   
  

 

 

 

 

     

 
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
   
  
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

 
    
 

.. .s........W..—u.mmuw..__w._..w... . .w

