 
     

.....~.._.ﬁ._,._.._ Ax, :.< , 1. .. t

_ emu». _ .

 

(a.
4.5
..._
5!.
is.

. "car;

.a

- c has; :35:~¢::‘t.1"3’>‘."_." 

  

 

 'Turister

Opening Act

 

4 Inside. . o‘ l- 

  

 

 

Gail’s Guide to Christmas Shopping: '

1) Without doubt the most treasured Christmas gift this season will
be the Cabbage Patch Doll from Coleco. These individual,-

3a
' his experiences with

I Views The inimitable Johnny Mel enjoys
S/t't'i'éldal Tendencies and their new album. Ben Gordon follows
Bob Dylan’s religious history and finds that his latest persuasion has

left a new mark on his music.

 

computer-designed. adoptable beauties retail for $18, $25 and
$124 dollars (no, they don’t come In a medium size). Become one
of the many loving gift-givers who's beentrampled after waiting on
overnight lines in a desperate tempt to purchase 'one of the so-
ugly-they’re-cute dolls. The do) 5, who come with their own adop-
tion papers, have raised a flobndering stock 3 points in a week.

' Cable and the College Student Steve Marks reminisces about his

sordid experiences In front of the TV set. and explains how he has ~
developed a lifestyle based upon television Viewing.

 

And in keeping with their controversial image, they’ve incensed
adoption agencies who are concerned that because of the Cabbage
Patch Dolls. kids will learn to equate adopted children with
vegetables. While obtaining this gift requires great skill and agility,
l'm sure that.it will be the shining star of everyone's holiday. '

2) No home is complete without the Super-Once-ln- A-Lifetime-
Offer-Auto-O-Matic Glass Cutting Kit. incredible. These nifty little
$77.98 blades can transform an ordinary bottle into a beautifully
. crafted gla'ss with a few flicks of the hand. Turn that annoying col-
lection bf Genny Cream bottles Into family heirlooms in minutes.

7a'

 

5a

Safaris and Soirees: Religious
man Brother innocent recalls the
free-wheeling frisbee-flinging
days of two young men bopping
around in war-torn Nairobi. Rina
Young searches for meaning in
relationships.

Performances Ian Spelling takes
In Barbra Streisand’s Yentl and
finds that there’s more to this
‘Jewish Tootsie’ than cultural.
anectdotes. Megan Gray Taylor

'views Capital Repertory's first

musical, but leaves at an unHap-
py End. -

 

3) ‘And what holiday celebration is complete without revolving
musical birds present to sing to you your favorite yuletide
. melodies? These irrestible hand-painted porcelain birds cost a mere
$77.98 and come in ‘true-to-nature colors, exquisite detaill' Ab-
solutely spellbinding as they revolve In time with the music, these

8a

 

 

birds will delight both the serious collector and the casual Christmas-
shopper. ’ -

4) Guy Lombardo may no longer be with us to ring In the holiday

Want to do something cultural? Something crazy? Or just plain
fun? Spectrum is bigger than life, bursting with extiting activities to

 

fill your weekend hours, and your weekdays as well.

 

COVER AND CENTERFOLD PHOTOS BY ED MARUSSICH.

 

season, but his estate Is enjoying good health with the release of 50
'Years! 50 Hitsf. This treasury can be yours for a low, low $77.98,
which includes a free special gigantic 3 page extravaganza of a
book filled with Guy’s personal photos, plus the fascinating story of
his career. You can see Guy with the world's most famous people,
including his brothhrs and his Aunt Sadie. The album collecion in-
cludes one of Guy’s later pieces, "it’s June in January."’ one of the
first indications anyone eVer had that Guywas beginning to slip.
Mr. New Years Eve and you — “The Sweetest Music This Side of
Héaven.” ~

May peace, good fortune and your wallet-bring you good cheer
this holiday season.- "

’ on:

BY R.A. HAYES

DON’T WORRY ABOUT IT,
PERCY. A DO ‘5 MOUTH is
CLEANER TH N A HUMAN'S

 

 

   

 
  

iT'S DISGUSTING To THINK
MT .1 MIGHT BE DRINKIN
OUT OF A GLASS THAT A DOG
ONCE DID.

         

 

 

   

 

   

or- COURSESOM‘E ARE
CLEANER THAN omens.

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
  
 

may, t‘m PsvcHEDj
.. . THIS GAME EHDULD
lStE A bREEeEt
ll’ ms A GEE/tr
IDb» LEAVINO» My
NAME ON THE
BULLETIN bomb]

  

    

So, now I'm PLA tNo
sons'urrtt‘ KEJHMAN
I CAN‘T wmr TD MEEF_..
HII'I, I‘LL Bi: ﬂwﬁNilt

mm mm... M LEAST
FoR’ me Fuzsr Game!
uE HE HE!

 

 

COURT 'A.‘
WARN our ' A
Rim/14'»:
MERE i

cums i

   

 

Hi. you Mu-xr 1“

/ mv NW "NW"

 

 

 

 

DECEMBER, 2, 1983 .

 

 
 

 

recent release on the music scene
Ais the debut album by Suicidal

Tendencies. This hardcore group
consists of Mike Muir on vocals. Grant Estes
on guitar. Amery Smith on drums. and
Louiche Mayorga on bass. Their current
single, "Institutionalized". has been receiving
heavy airplay on WCDB.

John Verdon

M
will not be liked by all. simply because it is
hardcore. Like any other type of unfamiliar
music. hardcore seems unorganized and
even repulsive. Yet as a person listens to It
objectively and for a fair period of time,
he/she may find it just as enriching as any
other type of music. And since this new
album by Suicidal Tendencies is a great
hardcore record. it serves as a good Initiation
to this genre.

The album opens up with a devilish laugh
from Muir. This establishes. right away, how
Suicidal Tendencies feels It Is seen by the
establishment. as devils that need to be
socialized. However. the group is sick of
what society offers. As they try to desperate-
ly fight this socialization. suicide becomes the
only means of doing so. Hence. we have the
meaning behind the name at the group. In
"Suicide's An Alternative" Muir sings "Sick
of school-total brainwash/Sick of music»top
4i) sucks/Suicide's an alternative."

The fight against socialization is developed
superbly In the band's fast music. But unlike
some hardcore groups that give you nothing
but a fast. distorted guitar sound, Suicidal
Tendencies breaks things up beautifully with
classic distorted blues licks. reminiscent of
the Hendrix era.

The best example of this alternating bet-
ween distorted blues and more typical hard-
core riffs is the song "Subliminal. "one of the
best cuts on the album. The song opens with
slow guitar strumming by Grant Estes. who
turns in great work throughout the album.
During this introduction. Mike Muir describes
the process of subliminal advertising and per-
suasion. His discovery of this type of p'ersua-
sion leads him to an angry. fast chorus con-
sisting of his attempts to fight It.

In “Institutionalized.” Muir talks about his
frustration in dealing with his parents. who

 

 

 

are convinced he Is either on drugs or crazy.
"Mom says ‘what are you doing?'/l say 'I'm
thinking'/She says 'no you're not.’ you're on
drugs'." This leads to his commitment to an
insane asylum.

Some of the more conventional hardcore
tunes on the album are "Memories of
Tomorrow." "Possessed."and “I Shot
Reagan.” In each of these songs. the band
members angrily report their tainted images
of the world. set against a hardcore style of
humor. For example. in “Memories of
Tomorrow." Muir speaks of the dismal pro-
spects of a postAnuclear world. "Radio active
people/search for food/pray for shelter/Kill
for food."

Some of the songs. however. such as “I
Saw Your Mommy," can be offensive to
some tastes. This song graphically tells of
Muir's fanatical viewing of his girlfriend’s

 

 

.v‘nﬂViewi _. , .  ,, 

‘ Hardcore Tendencies

mother lying dead by some rats. "I saw your
mommy and your mommy's dead/l watch-
ed her as she bled/chewed off toes on her
chopped off feet/l took a picture 'cause i
thought ttﬂwas neat."

The album closes with two musically dif-
ferent songs. Though they follow basically
the same pattern of blues chords and hard-
core rlffs. they are more accessible to the
average listener. In "I Want More." Muir tells
of how a poorly-educated. working class
youth views life. “Don't wanna be a garbage
man. I want more/slaving in a factory a dif-
ferent kind of insanity/feels like l'm In a
cage."

This despair is intensified in the last song
on the album. “Suicidal Failure." Over a
background of sixties psychedella and Hen-
drix style blues. Muir describes his own
suicide attempts. “I beat myself with a

Dylan Converts To A New

lot of rock and roll klngplns have

found themselves slipping Into

middle age during the last five
years. and they don't hesitate to use their
music as a forum for dealing with the
phenomenon. Pete Townshend ls perhaps
the most visible example. but David Bowie.
Lou Reed. Neil Young (“Thrasher." from
Rust Neuer Sleeps). Roger Waters. Robert
Plant. Phil Collins and Paul Simon have all
shown the symptoms: Increased insecurity.
increased independence. and songs about
aging and domestic life. Even Mick Jagger Is
talking about releasing a solo album. Had he
lived, John Lennon might have been able to
resolve this crisis for almost everyone; in-
stead. each Is left to work out his owu solu-
tion. And way out on the fringes of this
movement to reconcile the “Hope-I-die‘
before-I-get-old" ideal with the facts of life Is
Bob Dylan.

Ben Gordon

To me. Bob Dylan's fundamental Chris-
tian awakening of the late seventies was
originally so absurd as to be unbelievable; I
really thought that it was a joke. But even If it
was a joke philosophically. the fact that the
albums refecting his new-found passion lack-
ed musical pizzaz suggested to me that the
man might be in trouble. it began to make
sense: after about a dozen years of working
to solve the moral and social problems of
others. Dylan was drained and burnt to an
emotional crisp. He'd seen a generation turn
to him for guidance. and then he was shelvv
ed as those same people matured and teach-
ad their own resolutions. Somewhere along
the way. he missed a step and fell out of
stride with the social mood. Feeling sudden-

 

 

ly alone, he turned Inward and found that
the old answers no longer worked for him

. either. All i can say about his decision to em-

brace Christianity to fill the vacuum Is that
l'm glad he didn't turn Into a guru or profess
Scie'ntology. the selection of which would

 

' have left Dylan as a sixties casualty. usually a
fatal end. and not a seventies casualty. most
of whom are capable of comebacks.

With his new album. In/idels. Dylan has
stopped preaching at us, and the religious

 

 

 

bat/put a noose around my head/l overdos-
ed on heroin/but I'm still not dead." This
seems to be the only answer to his hopeless
struggle against socialization. “Death may
not be the answer. It can't be all that
great/but I'm not Into living. with life i can't
relate."

What makes this album so good. besides
the guitar work of Grant Estes and the vocals
of Mike Muir, is the fact that the album has a
theme. Sadly,- this Is something that is almost
non-existent In the music world today. This
makes it not only a great hardcore record but
a great record overall.

Though this album may not be for
everyone. It does offer an interesting view of
lfe. superbly accented by the music. This
makes it a good choice If one wishes to ex-
plore the music of hardcore.

un

tunes are non-denominational and subdued.
'Iere. Dylan has approached the creation of
ne album as a sort of personal catharsis.
Thankfully. the resulting music Is not guilt—
ridden and apologetic. Unlike Rod Stewart.
Dylan feels no need to beg his offended au-
dience to return. instead. he attempts to
earn the audience back.

There are no anthems in lnﬁdels. and
everthing Is rather mellow and Introspective
(the Def Leppard crowd will write it off as
simply wimpy). In fact. the MTV audience
and the average radio listener probably won't
even get much exposure to this album. 50
who is It for? As a fan of “Subterranean
Homesick Blues" era Bob Dylan. I find the
offering here a little tame. Still. we all have
the occasional melancholy moods for which
this kind of music makes the perfect
backdrop.

Only "Neighborhood. Bully." a
sophisticated tale of twisted meanings. is
'eally perky. Everything else just sort of bub«
ales along with no sudden shocks or sur-
prises. Many of Dylan's more recent albums
have been particularly marred by limp
backup support. On lnfidels. he Is backed by
ex-Rolllng Stone Mick Taylor. Mark
Knopfler and Alan Clarke of Dire Straits. and
the reggae<rooted Sly Dunbar/Robbie
Shakespeare rhythm axis. Incidentally, In.
fidels Is the third major LP release this month
that features Shakespeare and Dunbar. the
others being the new Stones and Carly
Simon records. '

If you're a mellow type. sentimental. or
simply curious. then you can't go wrong with
Inlidels. It Is consistently a work of quality
and sophistication It just seems strangely out
of place as a rock-and-roll album

 

 

0“.-. .— __._.... :_....‘.<~..._._,~

 

