 

 

 

t

V0t.UME LXX

 

September 15, 1983

J5

lNUMBER ,1

 

 

erim policy concerning alcohol questioned

The policy is

“unenforceable and up .

for interpretation. "

A President Rich Schaﬂer

The Rathskt liar
"Interim alee ho! policy causes confusion "

 

By Deb Profela

('UNIRIIIUI'INU lzlJIIUIf

 

An interim policy governing alcohol use on
campus has been implemented, creating eon-
fusion and dissention.

According to Director of Residential Life
and Associate Dean of Student Affairs John
Mrtrtone. tlte policy was intertded to clarify
guidelines for alcohol consumption in the
dorms. btrt “apparently it didn't."

The guidelines irtcitrde l2 points that bring
campus titles irtto cornpliartce with New
York's drittkirrg age of l‘). They also call for
stricter regulation of evertts wltere alcohol is
served or sold by requiring groups sponsoring
tlte evcttt to obtain a city pettrrit.

Student Association. however. corrtettds
(flat the gtridelirtcs are not clear arid tltc
rrtetltod for obtaining permits is not included.
SA Vice President .leff Schneider called the
policy “very abstract." adding. “no one
r'aily rrrrderstartds it." Additionally. SA
President Rich Schal'l'er said the policy is
"unenforceable and up for interpretation."

The guidelines stipulate tltat the consump-
tion or servittg of alcohol is prohibited in
stttdy areas adjacent to suites and rooms,
with the exception of student suites attd
roorrrs. The “bring-yonr-own" concept is
also forbidden irt residence ltalls.

Martone tttairttairted that lie is rtol saying
students 'attnot drink or have a party iii the
dorms. but that tltey rrttrst "lower tlte tone"
and consider others studying.

"Someone right now catt ltavc a keg party
in their room." he said, “provided they get
an approved special fttrtctiorrs form. as done
it) the past. and corttaitr the party within their
suite.

Quad-based parties. which Martone
defines as one open to the “entire quad or
which other ntctnbers of the university cart
attend." where alcohol is served or sold.
rnttst obtain a pertrtit from the city of Albany
at least 10 days prior to the event. However.
Martone was not certain of the manner itr

which to obtain this permit.

Schaffer sees this new policy as a "severe
regulation. wirere the intent is to iirnit the use
of alcohol."

However. Martone described cir-
cumstances where there were exceptions. A
dorm party. reserved for the section. which
involves alcohol. does not require a permit.
In addition. "art area coordinator always has
the right to make exceptions regarding the in-
terim policy where they see fit.“ The in-
terim policy was distributed to Residential
Staff because Mortone said he felt a “strong
need" to release these "guidelines" to start
off the new year. He anticipated this policy
would be easier to enforce and irnplerrrent at
this time . opposed to introducing a new
policy in raid-semester.

The guidelines. explained Martone. were
art “abstract of all reports submitted to fs‘tu-
dertt Affairs last year." Those reports, he
arid. were compiled by Dean of Strident Al'-
farrs Neil llrown and tr Task Force which was
organized to deal with the alcohol policy and
to respond to the new drirtkirtg age.

Martone "didn't see this (the guidelines) as
anything different. just more clearly outlin-
ed." llowevcr. lte later admitted that the
guidelines "shottld have been rrrore clear."

Furthermore. Martonc explained he
“should have given more background" on
the policy. He anticipates that by
“September 26 all background and elabora-
tions on what to do and what not to will'go to
the professional staff" to clarify the issue.

While Martone contended on all commit-
tees irtvolved in the alcohol policy there is a
great deal of student involvement. Schaffcr
challenged this fact. saying “there was no
student input on the interim policy." Scltaf»
fer added that last year students did par-
ticipate on the Task Force with Brown. but
did not provide direct input for this latest
policy.

From here. Vice-President for Student Af-
fairs l-‘rank l’ogne will be reconvcrring the
committee started by Brown to complete the

policy on alcohol.
12>

T ask force named to review bus fee proposals

 

By Anthony Silher
N' 915])"th

Tire propcsed bus fee has been delayed at least until
December is .

A task foch was named on August list by university
President Vi tceni O’Leary to allow fttrtltcr review and
study of the proposal by a wider array of crtrttptrs consti-
tttcncies. The fee, which SUNY Central approved this sum-
mer. called for limiting free bits service to residents of the
Wellington hotel and Alunmi Quad as well as students
registered in tpproved internships and cornrminity servrce
program ilSSl] nmertts. All other persons would ride at a ser-
vicc cltargc o" l0.00 dollars a semester or it) cents a ride.

Bus fee proposals have been made often in tire past and
university ofltcials argue that now. after ycrtrs of maintain—
ing free servit e by paring other areas. budgetary constraints
rrre forcing implementation of a fee.

Student letdcrs reject this cotticntion‘saying that funds
exist tt main ain free service if tltc rulministratiort would
alter its priorl ies. Further, tltcy rtrgue a bus fee would create
the undesirth e precedent of riser fees combined with Irri-
tion. And. th: leaders add, they were not consulted iii the
decision making process.

Student As .oeiation President Rich Schal'fcr said that lie
was not told of the proposal to SUNY (‘entral 7- ruadc on
July 27th ~— t till] a trronth later. attd even then lie was told
only that the alan was being implemented.

1‘ cording to university Vice President for l-‘inancc arid
business .lolrn Hartigan. a combination of bttdgel cttts attd
early retirenrtnts‘ forced reductions in rriarty university
areas. includirg bus service.

Application of reductions in the university budget are
tirade on the blsis of “protectittg areas oilstrengtlt.” said
Hartigan. but the cumulative effect of years of cuts
necessitate action affecting bus service. “We've gotten to
the point whet: we could not keep that program going

when everything else was being cut." ltc said.

Student leaders disagreed with this assessrncttt. arguing
that money is in fact available to corttirnrc operating the bus
service without a fee. “The money is there." said SA Presi—
dent Rich Schaffer. “it's a question of where SUNYA sets
its prioriti" "

Schaffer said he believes that the university is expanding
too fast. arid that support services should have a higher
priority. The university cart and should devise a
method of rcallocatittg funds frotn other areas irt order to
keep the bus service free. he added He cited funds from
other fees now irt existence. such as tltc parking sticker fees
which could be diverted.

According to Hartigan. the university ltas itr fact been

 

Bus on Alumni route

 

 

"Il’s a question of priorities"

reallocating funds for years into the support services. “We
said ‘wait a minute.‘ the campus is pretty expert at realloca-
tiort and redeployment of staff.‘ said ilartigan. “We do
not believe we can redeploy frorn areas already severely
cut."

Beside reallocation of resources, the only options open to
the 'university are reducing the bus schedule or finding new
resources. liartigan asserted. Because reallocation is judg-
ed to be impossible and redtrctiort itt bus service would
create serious delays. a modest bus fee would be the least
objectionable alternative. Hartigan said. When students
objected to the fee. and claimed they were left otrt of 'hc
decision-making process. O'l.eary decided to delay the im-

plementation of a fee pending the Task Force report.

The Task Force has been directed to submit its recom-
tnertdatiorts by November lst. it consists of three students.
including Scbaffer. three faculty members. llartigan.
trniversitv Vice-President for Strident Affairs ~rattk l’ogue
in ex-ol'trcio status. atrd is chaired by chemistry professor
Shelton llanks.

After a ruorttb of review by university goserning bodies,
the recommendations will go to O'l.eary for a final deci-
sion.

()'l.cary said the Task Iforce will look at all proposals —
including those from students. “Tire issue is that we are
facing tough budget issues. r' ery proposal you could think
of will be passed to the Task Force." he said.

Schaffer said ltc felt good about the Task Force but that
it didn‘t ltave enough time. “This is a very important deci-
sion. a decision which will affect the campus for a long
time.” lion'stlitl. “i think we need ruorc time." He said he
would like to take the T Force to look at the bus systems
on other SUNY campuses. as well as the Albany system.
“For me. the issue is not just a bus fee anymore." said
Schat‘f ‘. “Tire issue now is future planning. We need to
examine what our priorities are and what they sltotrld
be." i l

 

