i
i

 

 
  

 

 Siﬁ'yﬁs’ALaANy STUDENT PRESS :1 FEBRUARY 1, 1983

Reds’kins’ CoachGibbs is cautious of’success

(AP) One glance at the record book
told Washington Coach Joe Gibbs
that success can be fleeting and
misleading.

The year after the Pittsburgh
Steelers won Super Bowl XIV, they
failed to even make the playoffs.
The same thing happened to the
Oakland Raiders following Super
Bowl XV and to the San Francisco
49ers last year.

"l'vc told my players. and I will
tell them again. that some people
can deal with adversity better titan
they can with success." Gibbs said
Monday. the day after his Redskins
won Super Bowl XVll with a 27-17
victory over the Miami Dolphins.

"i think what happens when you
win is that you autontatically
develop problems dealing with

players. getting them signed. Sud-
denly everyone is unhappy. They
want more. That's human nature.
You witht more ’cause you've done
more."

He said if the Redskins begin
believing they are better than they
really are “that would kill us
quicker than .anything becartse
we’re a total ream. lfwc come back
with that attitude. we'll get beaten.
beaten badly."

Similarly. Gibbs said tic hits to
avoid what could be called tlte Bill
Walsh Syndrome. The coach of tiie
49ers was tabbed a genius last year.
This year his season went down the
drain.

But Gibbs admits he didn‘t ex-
pect this degree of success to come
this quickly. in only his second
season as Washington's head

coach.

“My gut feeling last training
camp —- and i said honestly at that
time. because our schedule was
rated the toughest in the NFL —
was that, going off what we did last
year. i would have thought 8-8
again would have been a realistic
shot for us,” he said.

Now that the Redskins have won
the final game of the I982 season.
it‘s time for them to start thinking
about the first one of l983.

"As a coach. as soon as you win
your last game. you start worrying
about the next one." he said. "in
football. you build a litdnslcr no
matter which way you're going. if
you're winning. people expect you
to “in. demand you win. from the
owner on down. if you‘re lasing.
people expect you to start winning.

 

F—Great Dane Basketball

Tonight the Danes take on Binghamton at 8:30 in
the University Gym

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
 
   
  
  
  

 
 
 
 

r

.1.— __. .4- . _

wrrcooi BACK
5
grow/x

STOP lN TO EMJoYourszurrzAanus"

a

o-‘.-_;.. '_ i y E- _ ' 9.". g
 Ami‘lllliﬁ-ﬁ-ﬁ
Yarrow/agwggn/m/ME)

Fri 44!
imported Bottled Beer 90c
Bar Liquor Mixed Drinks 70c

Mon-Thurs 343

Drafts 30c
Pitchers $1.90
Bar Liquor Mixed Drinks 70:

Tee Shit/1L

 

aﬁsrrrbw 8MIX£D drums g, 4
n—"l AND WIN A FREE. T’smg-r/ziy'v

Watch for Data/Ia on Monday Night Giveaway Parties!

7- 53 rth Lake Ave. Albany. NY. 12206

lt‘oriit-i rithisliirintoit Aw- )

  

—v

 

This is going to be a tough act for us
to follow."

The key to 0‘"- pdskins‘ victories
in three playbt games and the
Super Bowl was fullback John Rig-
gins. with four consecutive
too-yard games. He capped his
phenomenal postseason with 166
yards on 38 carries. both Super
Bowl records. against Miami. And
his 43-yard burst on a fourth-and-l
situation in the fourth quarter gave
Washington its winning
touchdown.

to 5-0.

events.

Spillane.

The Albany State gymnastics team continued their outstanding per»
foirntince by sweeping Army and limiter to push their perfect record

Albany swept every event except for vaulting iri Saturday night's
meet iii the University Gym. The worrieti took first. second, and tiiirtl
places iii the uneven bars. the balance beam. and the lloor exercise.
Alhaiiy took first and second in the vaulting.

Albany scored 146.9 to Army‘s l0ti.65 and Hunter College's 98. 15.
Brenda Armstrong took first place iii the ttll-rotttid and All-Atticricari.
Ginny Loclirnan had a first. second, and third place finish in three

"That l46 looks very promising bcctttisc it was not ottr strongest
lineup in there.“ explained Coach l’ttt t)tival-Spil|anc.

Following today's riiect against Smith College. Albany will fact: its
toughest challenge Saturday against llrockport. according to Duvttl-

“The girls are eager to keep their undefeated scaon going. We
haven't beaten Brockport in several years. although the meets have
been close. The girls are really gearing for them." Diival-Spillanc said.

Today. though. Riggins becomes
a free agent. He could retire — he
made an offhand comment to that
effect following the game — or he
could sign with another team.

"My gut feeling is that John's
had fun playing. that he enjoys it.
that he'll be back." Gibbs said.
“Of course. he's a very unusual
gtty. He could very easily say.
"That's it.’ but i don‘t think he
will . . . i don’t tlilk he's the kind
of guy who would jump to another
league or another team." l J

 

7‘9;
t
,v

 

  

—Mttrc Schwarl

 

 

 

 

Women’s Basketball

The team faces
tomorrow evening at 6:30 in the
University Gym

Bingham ton

 

 

 

 

 

 

Italia Restaurant Pizzeria

845 Madison Avenue

Albany. NY.

Open 7 days a week

4pm-1am

141's Anniversary Special
every Tues. Wed, Thurs

Large Choose Pints only $3.45
[ix-largo $4.45

with free delivery

Sicilian only $5.50

We deliver Wine 81 Beer
1182-6300/482-9496
For The Best Food In Town

 

 

tutti tittivrtitsin tit .ittittrstnrir '

Coma to the
Israel Programs Fair
on Tues Feb 8 from 10:00 - 4:09
In the CC Ballroom

and speak to Brando Hauslar

who spent her Junior year (1881-82) at
Hohrovr University in J orusalam

3118 and other alumni of this program will hia-
available to discuss programs for

Amorioan students at

Hebrew Univorsity. 1 yoétr/sum‘mor/graduata

l

 

 

 

n u u

 .c_._.... h., .,-_. .._ .

l
I

FEBRUARY 1, 1933 o ALBANY STUDENT PRESS spans 19

Dane traclkmen startoff in the right direction

Capture 2nd and 4th in two meets

 

By Bill Brewster
smr/r WRITER

 

The Albany State men‘s indoor track
team. with two meets under it‘s belt. is
"coming along right on schedule" aceor-
ding to head coach Bob Mttnsey.

“in acouple Weeks we're really going to
move out."he said. “We got a bunch of

victory gives them a 7-2 record.

Meanwhile, the men's team broke the 500 barrier this week with it victory also over
St. Michiicls. Their victory lifted their record to 4-3.
llotii teams swim this weekend iri aco-cd match against Cortland.

  

The women's swimming tcnm continued their hot streak witii a convincing 77-(ii vic-
tory over St. Michaels this weekend. Sttc litiss broke the school record iii the 5i)»yard
backstroke willt n time of 35.3l seconds. Other notable performances were contributed
by Claire Wootlltcad. Sue Kielly. Sliciltt I’ll/.ptitr'ick and l:llcn Gotlicb. The women’s

real tough young guys."

The Danes ﬁnished with 50 points - good
for second out of four teams in their first
meet at Williams College on January 22.
Williams was first with 7i. Springfield third
with 32. and Westfield last with is.

“We'd never beaten Springfield before.
so we‘re really tickled." said Munsey. who
emphasized the fact that the meet took

 

v I: 'l s 1‘

r r
— Ami Wllk

 

place before Albany classes even started.
“We just hoped they'd run. and then see
what happens," explained Munsey about
the long holiday break.

Albany won six events at Williams led by
junior Patti Mance who won both the long
and triple jumps; sophomore Marc Mer-
curio. who won the JS-pound weight throw;
freshman Tom Jacobs who won the shot
put and placed second in the 35-pound
weight toss; Mitch Harvard. a senior who
won the 60-yard high hurdles and placed sc»
cond in the 60-yard dash; and mile relay
team members freshman Tony Rizzo.
sophomore Winston Johnson. sophmore
Mike Riggins. and junior Eric Newton. who
won the event. according to thsey, "in a
breeze". '

Other placers for the Ditties included
llrticc Van Tassel. a freshman who finished
second in the (itisyard liigli hurdles:
sophomore Ttld Wyiitcr who was second iii
tltc 6(lO-ytii'd rtttt rtrid senior Nick Sullivan
who grabbed third place in the moo-yard
rrrri.

Albany placed fourth otrl of «in teams
this past Saturday at the (‘orilririd lll\’lltl-
tiontil mect. t‘orilnnd unit the event with
213 points. Allied lirtd 93, ltlirrctt 7].
Albany (i3. llingltrmiton i)“. and Manstieltl
24.

“It was sorticnlirit disappointing |
I|iink."~.rtit| Mtittsey. "first year we were
second. but we‘re starting oll' .’|l :t l|l\\t'l
level now than the oilicrs."

l\ltlll\t‘y also noted lllill key liljllllt.‘\ to
vaultcr Roii .ittlllt‘l‘ttill and runner lititvnrd
hurt the learn considerably.

".ltllllL‘l’MIll is our mily timber and liar-
var'd probably would llll\t,' won the
ditsli.“lic explained.

As it turned otil. the Danes did not win it
single event. Van 'l'asscl was nosed out iii
the 55-rnctcr high hurdles and finished scc~

cond; sophomore Tom Kacandes finished
second 'in the i000-meter run; Mercurio
took third and Jacobs fifth in the its-pound
weight tlirow; Mance finished fourth in the
long jump. and sixth in the triple;
sophomore Noel Woodburn finished third
in the 800 meter run; freshman Ian
Clements ran ﬁfth in the 3000-meters; and
Mike Riggins finished third in the
400-tttcters. and sixth in the 55-meter dash
when the top five rttrtners all bad times of
l6.7 seconds. Riggins' time was l6.ti.

Dane rclay squads finished fourth in the
i600 and second in the 3200 races.
Kncandcs. Woodburn. sophomore Tim Er-
vin. and Sullivan ran the 3200. while
.'rcshntttn Tony Rizzo. senior Scott Sachs.
Riggins. and sophomore Winston Johnson
did the 1600.

“Performance-wise."said Muriscy. “it
wasn't bad. Normally we get it few first
places. but we only had one ftill week of
practice."

Munscy was especially impressed with
\t'VL'l‘dl Iltt‘lltitcts ot the team, and was look-
ing forward to seeing stillic improvement iii
lttltlit‘ niccts.

"We‘re delighted with Van 'l'tisscl." lic
allltl of tire lrcslrrriaii. “llt"s gonna win a lot
at IllL’L'\. l’attl Miiticc t'rrnic very close to his
personal beats lli lilt' lilSl iticeti Sullivan‘s
lt'r’tll)‘ looking good. it's a good team."

Album llit'. all its rnccls ttwtiy liccttrist: of
lliL' luck or lttcilitics on ritiirptis. The team
llit\ \t:\l'il niorc lllCcl\ on its indoor schedule.

"\Ve‘ic littr ringI badly in three events and
are not quite in Nllltpu. iitir We should get
psyched this. week against ltl’l. We‘ve never
lost there in the four years we've met."sttid
Munscy.

'l'Itc Dunes and lzngiriccts will tricct til
‘lzlti this Saturday morning.

Cagers blow by Clarkson lifting record to 10-2

 

By llisc Levine
shit/orient.»

This season has been an unexpectedly
good one for the Albany State women's
basketball team. Their record stands tti IO-Z
after last Friday‘s game against (‘larkson
College where the Danes won by a wide
margin. 57-35.

Albany took the lead early in the game
and dominated the first half. Good
shooting by Nancy Wtiridcrlicli. Rhett ELL
wards. arid Nancy Grasso helped the Danes
to take a l0-poiiit lead in the first eight
minutes of tire half. Clttrkson was unable to
get some crucial baskets and left the half
trailing. Ill-l6.

Head coach Mari Warner said. “I think
it was a matter of us being a rrtorc talented
ball club."

The Danes came on strong in the second
half and took a 23»poiiit lead, 43-20 in the
first five minutes. Warner was happy that
many of her substitutes got some playing
time iri during the second half. Metric Crip—

The Great Dane

 

pellctti came lit for the Dunes and lead the
tcarii in scoring. picking tip it points and
playing ati overall impressive garlic.

Wtrtiderliclt. who along with tcarii cap-
Iairi. Robin Gibson. has lead the Danes in
scoring this season. picked tip ten points
against Clarksori. Gibson is injured with a
torn cartilage and could he otit for tile rest
of the season.

Warner is concerned about losing a key
player like Gibson for the rest of the
season. The Danes take on some tough op-
poiients this month including iiinghariiton,
who will play the Danes tomorrow at
University Gym at 6:30 prii.

After that the Danes will play their last
home game against l’lttttsbttrgli on Friday.
Warner expects this to be ortc of the
toughest games of the season. The Danes
are aiming for the state championships at
tile end of the month. They've cottic a long
way since the beginning of the season last
November when Warner was just hoping
for a winning season frorn this young and
inexperienced team. l 1

Fan of the Week

The Great Dan Fan of the chk is
back. ASP sports is doing something
about student apathy besides complain-
ing. in an attempt to spark tip sortie
SUNYA spirit. Tire Great Dane Fair of the
Week was created.

Sotiie real credit is finally being given
where credit is due. The special spectator
who is scrcartiing cxtrtt loud. dressed iii
some wild uttll'it. or brings some special
prop will be spoiled otrt of the crowd and
be recognized. A picture iii the paper and
it Great Dane ctip cooler will be the fan's
recognition.

Yes sports fans it's little to get off your
‘iiiirl quarters rtrrd ycli louder llittll ever for
tire (it't‘ttl Ditties of Albany. [inch and
every player clad in purple and gold will
appreciate your presence. The search for
the Great Dane Fun of the chk hits
lrcgtinttgrtin. | l

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

The women cagers increased their record to 10-2 by blowing out Clarkeon 57-35.
Albany may have lost team captain Robin Gibson for the season to an injury in

the game.

 

 

 

