  

1

\

_.__.Wm74i!ri Rhea; Ms

-, M. m  mm-..‘ .

2.7

, c_-: ,grutx

"magma.

 

A‘ .1‘ ‘ ‘ 3..
~Mﬁum_ ‘. -

. -
W... .. t.

5

.mwmmwrmzw: .-

 

"“2’ALEA‘NY§TUDENT PRESS El DECEMBER 6.1983

 

WORLDIDE.

 

 

Andropov doing well

Moscow

(AP) President Yuri V. Andropov remains in
r full control of the Soviet Union and is
“recovering well" from an illness that has
kept him out of public view for [09 days, a
top Kremlin spokesman said Monday. ’

Spokesman Leonid M. Zamyatin, during a
news conference for Soviet and foreign
reporters. said A'ndropov “is getting better
and is tackling’in full measureparty affairs,
affairs of state and affairs of the Council of
Defense."

He did not elaborate on the illness other
than to cite Andropov's Oct. 29 letter to
physicians visiting Moscow. in the letter. An-
dropov said he could not keep an appoint-
ment with the doctors because he had a
"cold."

Walesa urges aid

Warsaw
(AP) Labor leader Lech Walcsa Monday urg-
ed Western nations to lift the sanctions im-
posed on Poland after the declaration of
martial law two years ago.

“Sanctions should be ended because what
Poland needs now is not losses of millions of
dollars but aid of billions of dollars." the
40-year-old shipyard electrician told
reporters at a news conference at his apart-
ment in the Baltic port of Gdansk.

Walesa, whose wife Danuta leaves Friday
to collect his Nobel Peace Prize in Norway.
made the remark after Communist
authorities renewed a press catnpaign against
him which was suspended after he won the
award Oct. 5.

Car bomb explodes

Beirut
(AP) A car bombing occurred about 8 a.m.
Monday, and Lebanon’s state radio said at
least to people were killed and 84 injured in a
blast that sét huge fires in several blocks of
the west Beirut residential district.

Police said a 330-pound bomb was believ-
ed to have been in a Renault l2 car and that
an undetermined number of people were
believed trapped in the building.

The blast, which occurred about 200 yards
from the Mokassed hospital in the
predominantly Moslcm section of the city.
shattered windows and sent up httge billows
of black smoke that ltampered rescue efforts.
police said.

There was no immediate claim of respon-
sibility for the car bomb attack. which par-
tially collapsed the nine-story building in a
residential neighborhood of predominantly
Moslem West Beirut. Beirut radio said
rescuers identified to victims as they pulled
blood-soaked bodies from the rubble.

Police used bullhorns to urge people to go
to area hospitals to donate blood. Am-
bulances streamed into the neighborhood to
take out dead and injured.

Residents of the building. which partially
collapsed. stumbled from the wreckage. daz-
cd and bleeding. Some had been stripped
naked by the blast.

A conflicting report from the Christian-
run Voice of Lebanon radio station said at
least 20 persons had been killed or wounded
and police at the scene said the final toll
would likely grow higher.

 

Soviets refuse talks

Moscow
(AP) High-ranking Kremlin officials Monday
made clear the Soviet Union had no intention
of rejoining talks on medium-range nuclear
arms in Europe while NATO’s new missiles
are deployed. ‘
In an unusual nevvs conference for Send
and foreign reporters, they blamed the
Reagan administration of seeking to disrupt
the parallel talks on long-range missiles.

NATIONWIDE

Spaceiab shows ties

Houston
(AP) President Reagan and West German
Chancellor Helmut Kohl told the orbiting
Columbia-Spacelab astronauts in an un-
precedented conversation Monday that
their international space mission symbolizes
the close ties between Europe and the United
States.

Reagan. speaking from the White House.
called the European-built Spacelab, carried
in Columbia's bay, a “shining example of in-
ternational cooperation at its best."

Kohl, in Athens, Greece. said the presence
of West German physicist Ulf Merbold on
the crew shows how closely Europe and the
United States can work together. “We hope
this joint enterprise will lead to future

 

 

cooperation between Germany and the
UnitcdState in space research," he said.

Spaceship commander John Young
agreed, telling the two leaders. “German-
American relations have never been better
than they are aboard Spacelab."

Thefts finance leftmw

(AP) The FBI says several recent bank rob-
beries in the Northeast may be the work of a
left-wing group that finances its activities by
holding up banks.

FBI Director William H. Webster has
notified banks. savings and loan institutions
and armored car services that the group may
have been responsible for the theft of a total
of $582,000 in five robberies since April
I982, the Boston Sunday Globe reported.

An FBI circular reportedly identifies seven
people. one from Maine and the others from
Massachusetts.

Webster said the group members have not
been pasitively identiﬁed as robbers. but are
suspected in the latest series of holdups in
South Burlington, Vt., and in the New York
towns of Onondaga, Utica, Rotterdam and
DeWitt.

Solomon law eyed

Washington. 00.
(AP) The Supreme Court agreed Monday to
decide whether male college students apply-
ing for federal loans or grants must prove
they have registered with Selective Service.
The court will review a ruling by a federal
judge in Minnesota that struck down the

 

government's draft status disclosure
unconstitutional.

There is no draft, but registration resumed
three years ago. Selective Service other. guy
nearly ll million young men, about 96.5 mm
cent of those eligible. have registered in those
three years.

The law reactivating draft registration was
signed by then-President Jimmy Carter in
'l980, and required all male citizens and resi—
dent aliens between ages 18 and 26 to notify
Selective Serivce.

Drug use predicted

Boston
(AP) Psychologists can accurately predict
which teen-agers will take up cigarettes,
alcohol and marijuana by administering per.
sonality tests when the youngsters are still in
junior high school. a study shows.

The researchers found that the most
rebellious youngsters are also the most likely
to turn to heavy pot use in high school.

They tested the childrens' attitudes toward
authority and good behavior and came up
'with a "socialization" score for each pupil.

“Where you are at an early age on the scale
of socialization predicts with significant ac-
curacy where you will be three years later in
your use of drugs in high school," \tttd Dr.
Gene M. Smith of Massachusetts General
Hospital. "This same scale also differentiates
those who will become users of the legal
drugs -— cigarettes and alcohol — front those
who will not."

STATEWIDE

  

Protesters charged

Romulus N. l'.
(AP) Five of seven unclear weapom pltt»
testers who refused to give their real lltlllit‘s to
military police were to be arraigned Monday
after climbing over a fcttcc onto lhc .‘s’cnccit
Army Depot airstrip Saturday. iiCll\l\l\ mid,
Karyn Murray, of the \Vontcn‘x Peace | n‘
campmcttt. said the protesters 7— nll \wmcn
— would be arraigned as second oll'cndcn
for trespassing on the base. Till: second till
fender status has been deemed bcctmsc lht')
protesters would not give their identities .tttd
ttntil they do police can not deter-inc it they
are first-time offenders.
Another peace activist. who refused to ghc
ltcr name. said the protesters gave the nnmc

' of Karen Silkwood when military police risk-

ed their identities. Silkwood died in ii car
crash in Oklahoma. reportedly on her way to
deliver evidence of safety hazards in the
plutonium laboratory where site worked.

NY City gets funds

New York City
(AP) A standoff over how to spend a $1
billion budget surplus expected for New York
City over the next five years ended when
Mayor Ed Koch and Gov. Mario ('iiomo
agreed to modify their positions, Cit) and
state officials say.

The surplus will be generated by thc
Municipal Assistance Corp.. which was
created during the city’s I975 fiscal Clhl‘r to
sell federally guaranteed bonds as tl liinlnut.
Officials said Sunday that the agreement
would make the funds available to thc in)- (h
direct aid for the operating i‘itltigﬂv \“l‘l‘”ll
for capital construction projects tllltl l|l\t'\|r
ment in key economic development.

 

PVEW 0.

Rock Music—An inside Look will be
a presentation on how today‘s
music is affecting its listeners. it
will be held on Dec. 6 at 7:30 pm. in
LG 18 and Dec. 7 at 7:30 pm. in LG
1.

Dilemmas oi Contemporary correc-
tional Policy will be the subject of
the third presentation in the
Rockefeller College Undergraduate
Program Lecture Series. Dr. Sher
wood E. Zimmerman will speak on
Wednesday, Dec. 7 at 3:30 pm. in
‘88 45

 

 
    

Muscular Dystrophy Association
will begin a Vacation Giveaway on
Thursday, Dec. 8. The prize is a
vacation for two In the Bahamas
over spring break. For more Infor-
mation call Kevin Kahn at 457-5184.

Russell Sage College Women
Chorus Christmas Concert will be
held Thursday, Dec. 9. at a pm. In
Bush Memorial Center. Admission
'a tree, for more information call

EVENTS

  

your city."

W76.

Are You Jewish Atterail will be the
Subject of a lecture to be given
Wednesday. Dec. 7 from 46:80 pm.
In the Physics Lounge by Rabbi
Reuvan Firestone.

Mayor Whalan will speak at Chapel "‘6
House's Community Supper on
Wednesday, Dec. 7 at 5
Chapel House. The topic ls “Know

Seymour M. Herach, author of The
Prlce of Power: Kissinger In the Nix-
on Whllehouse, will speak on Tues-
day. Dec. 6 at 8 pm. in CC Ballroom.
Admission will be $2 for SUNYA
students and $3 for the general
public. Speaker's forum to sponsor-
lng the Pulitzer Prize winner's lec-

first presentation

presented by the Dudley
vatory oi Schenectady.

pm. at

tion call 482-4575.

Planetary Rings will be the subject
of a lecture by Dr. Joseph A. Burns.
a Professor of Space Mechanics at
Cornell University on Tuesday, Dec.
6 at 8 pm. In LC 25. The lecture is
in the
Skywatch 6 Lecture Series

Friends of Peace Now will sponsor
a lecture “New Opportunities for
Peace In the Middle East" by Dr.
Za'ev Sternheii, a senior professor the Division of Human RIghlS. E"
of political science at Princeton ecutlve Deparifnent Of New Wk
University. The lecture will be held
Wednesday, Dec. 7 at 12:15 pm. In
the Maln Auditorlum ot the Albany Hall.
Public Library. For more Informa-

A Feminist Forum on lesbian cc
perlences with alcoholism and
recovery will take place on Hims-
day. 090. 8 at 8 pm. in Clltltlitllig
Hall at 405 Washington Avenue.
Passages will be read lrom Sharon
Stonokoy's new anthology ()ui 1mm
UItr/er: Sober [Iv/rm llllll Um I 'rn'mli.
Admission is $2.50.

Obser-

H. Carl McCall, Commissioner of

State will speak on Wednesday.
080- 7. at 3 pm. In the PAC Recital

 
 
  

 

Issues in the 19809."

  

 

rule as

 

Day

By Ilene Weinstein

A Swedish diplomat has been held for for-
ty years in a Soviet Union prison after saving
the |ivos of 100.000 Hungarian Jews during
World War II. said Neil chelbaugh-
Kcnwyck. a Ph.D. candidate at SUNYA.
during his speech Friday to cotnmcmorate
Raoul Wallenberg Day. i

The speech was sponsored by the World
Jewry Committee of JSC-Hillel who also
ltandcd out buttons and leaﬂets to honor the
man.

Wallenberg, a gentile member of the
Swedish upper class. was sent into Hungary
in 1944 as a member of the Sweidsh delega-
tion. This was done in connection with the
War Refugee Board. which was created dur-
ing the 19405 by President Roosevelt.

His actual pttrpose," said chelaugh-
Kettwyck, was to act as a witness to the “final
solution." During the early '40s little infor-
tnation was getting out of Europe on the
“final solution."

Several neutral nations had been ap-
proachcd by the United States to supply a
person for the missions and only Sweden
agreed. said Tevelbaugh-Kcnwryek.
Wallcttbcrg was chosen because of his con-
nection with members of the foreign ministry
and his ability ot speak several European
languages. ‘He was ttot a diplomat. bttt a
businessman. chelbaugh-Kenwryck stress-
cd, attd he had alt “empathy for people."

Tltcre were a quarter million Jews left in
Hungary when Wallenberg arrived in July
1944. “Roosevelt and the Western allies felt
that if they did not move soon, no one would
be left." tltc speaker added.

 

 

 

Wallenberg arrived with several million
dollars, raised through private funds in the
U.S., and 5.000 Schultz Passes. The passes,
which Wallenberg designed himself. gave
Swedish citizenship to Jews. “The war was
not going well and the Russians were mar-
ching' closer." according to chelbaugh-
Kenwryck. “They needed the help of the
Swedes. They knew what he (Wallenberg)
was doing and they didn't try to stop him."

Wallenberg would enter the cattle cars on

' the death trains, according to chelbaugh- ‘

KenwyckI and tell the Jews to hold up any of-
ficial document they had in the Hungarian
language. Since the German soldiers couldn't
read Hungarian, he would tell them the
documents proved they were Swedish
citizens.

Wallenberg set up “protective houses.”
which he bought with refugee money. to
shelter the Jews he saved. He would put up
Swedish flags on the houses, which helped to
keep the Germans out although they were not
failsafc. He also developed a network of
Hungarians to work with him , some of
whom were Jews. During 1944, Wallenberg
reportedly saved between 20.000 to 25.000
Jews stated Tevelbattglt«l(cnwryck.

By the fall of 1944. Wallettbcrg had
become a legend. By December, all German
soldiers had orders to shoot him on sight
stated Tevclbaugh-Kcnwryck. At the end of
1944, Wallenberg indirectly saved another
estimated 75,000 Jews by stopping the Ger-
mans‘ plans to destroy the last Jewish ghetto
remaining in Hungary.

On Jan. l7. 1945, the Russians occupied
tltc east side of Budapest. while the Germans
ltcld the west side. according to chclbaugh-

  

DECEMBER 6.1983. i:i ALBANY STUDENTPRESS >3,

recounts Wallenberg’s accomplishments '

 

 

  

“They needed the
help of the
Swedes. They . 
knew what H
-Wallenberyg~ was/5
doing and they
didn’t try to stop V
him. ”

—Neil Tevelbauglr-Kenwyck

 

Kcnwryck. although they had already sur-
rendered. “Thc Swedish embassy tried to
make Wallenberg stay.“ he said, “bttt he
went with his driver to tnect the Russians.
(Wallenberg) was very naive. He was never
seen again."

The Soviet Union had taken all neutral
diplomats into “protective custody," but let
tham all go in Mrach. except for Wallenberg.
The Russians, according to chclbaugh-
Kcnwryck, "said they had never seen

Wallenberg and that lie was killed by the
Hungarian Nazi government." The
Hungarians who worked with him believed
he was dead. added chcbaugh—Kcnwryck.
In June 1945. two Swedish journalists said
they saw Wallenberg alive in a Moscow
prison. In 1947, 'iweden asked Stalin for the
body and the Soviet Union “promised to
look into the matter personally." according
to Tevcbaugh—Kcnwryck, bttt nothing was
7»

Senate passes new professor evaluation policy

 

By Ian Clements
.k‘l'ril'l" Ii'Rl'I'l:'R

 

The University Senate passed a bill Mon-
day afternoott which will increase the role of
faculty in teacher evaluations. The measure
passed 46-27.

Several student members of the Senate ex-
pressed concern that tltc bill may rcdttcc stit-
dcnt inpttt in the evaluation process.

Student Association President Rich Schaf—
fer said. “it wasn‘t a good vote. I'm afraid it
was the first move in an effort to downgrade
the value of student evaluations.“

Francine Frank. 11 Linguistics and Spanish
professor and Chair of the Council on
Educational Policy (EI’C). \vhiclt sponsored
the bill. disagreed. “By enhancing the impor-
tance of teaching in the evaluation process
the entire process is enhanced. Actually there
is no ditnittslting role of students,” she said.

Student Senator Mitch Feig read a passage
from the tninutcs of an EPC ntccting. The
passage. ltc claimed. allowed for the elimina—
tion of the student evaluation system.

"Though improbable, i feel that this policy
could be implemented." Feig said. However,
other Settators, including Frank. noted that
if a measure calling for the end of the student
evaluation process was presented, it would

 

 

 

5A President Rich Schaller

"II wasn'l a good vole. "

have to be passed by a majority vote of the
Senate.

Feig made a successful motion to have a
secret ballot. According to Feig. he called for
a secret ballot bccnuse he believed that many
faculty and administrative Senators felt
pressure from their peers to vote for the bill.
“I don‘t believe that some Senators will
always vote the way they feel." ltc said.
Several Senators applauded when one
Senator said that she was “insulted” by
Feig's chtim.

According to Frank. the evaluation policy
drawn up by the [EPC and approved by the
Senate will be sent to President Vincent
O‘Leary and Vice~l’rcsidcttt for Academic

Affairs Judith Ramalcy. “If the President
approves it. the guidelines for implementa-
tion of the policy will cotne front Rantalcy."
she said.

According to the bill, “The faculty of a
department shall have reponsibility for set-
ting ttp a policy and procedures for tltc pecr
evaluation of the teaching abilities of depart-
mental colleagucs being considered for pro-
motion and tcnurc."

finch department is charged with creating
its own evaluation process by "devising
criteria and methods of evaluation ap~
propriatc to its discipline." the bill states.

The bill recognized that student opinion is
“an important. relevant and distinct form of

infonnation in the overall evaluation of
teaching." But it stated that student input
“unsupported by peer evaluation shall not
itself be considered to have ntct the criterion
of the evaluation" of teaching effectiveness.

in other business, O'Lcttry reminded the
Senate that 68 SUNYA jobs would be
eliminated on March 3|. liztrly this fall the
SUNY Board of Trustees announced that
“00 positions would be cxcixctt tltrotigltout
the system. O'Lcary said that he and the
Board "will figltt to get new lines,"

O'l.cttry also announced that he has not
yet decided on the date for the discontinuit-
tion of the undergraduate Business Educa-
tion program.

 

 

By Jane Anderson
KI rill H'Rll'lz'lt'

 

Art electrical fire in Saylcs Hall on Alum-
iti Quad last Saturday was contained in one
room, but caused extensive smoke and soot
damage to the entire dormitory. according
to University Police reports.

“No one was hurt," said Ul’D Officer
Doug Rogers. “Only one room was involv-
ed,” he added. .

The fire occured Saturday night in room
221 of Saylcs Hall said police. Lisa White. a
SUNYA freshman, and Sharon Long. a
SUNYA graduate student, live in the room
involved. according to police. Long said
that both she and White are now staying
with [friends in Sayles dormitory.

Residents were first alerted to the fire by
a dormitory heat sensor. which went off,
causing the Albany Fire Department to be
alerted.

Sayles Dorm Director May Inzenga called
UPD, according to Lt. John Canto. Officer
Rainvillc and Lieutenant Polli responded to
the alarm, he said.

According to police reports the fire began
“in or at a T.V. or a radio in the room."
The alarm was called in to UPD at 9:47
p.m., and the police arrived at 9:50 p.m.,
the report stated.

The radio had been left on when the
room was unoccupied, according to the
report. The police report attributed the fire
to an electrical malfunction.

 

Long stated that the exact cause of the

Sayles the causes smoke,

fire was “still tinder investigation by the
Albany Fire Department and the Universi-
iy."

The Albany Fire Department responded
to the alarm and declared the fire ex-
tinguished at l0:10 p.m., police said.

The Fire Department arrived within three
or four tninutcs. according to Ken Dorn.
baum. a stttdent living in Saylcs. A fire
department official reported that it was a
one alarm fire.

"Flames were jutting ottt of the win-
dows." said Dorttbaum. "Everyone was in
shock. People weren't really aware that
there was a fire. it took a few minutes for
people to realize." he said.

“Firemen chopped through the window"
of room 22f, continued Dornbaum. “it
was out ten mintttes later." he added.

"The students were not allowed to
reenter the dormitory until l2:30 a.m.,
“and found that they had smoke and soot
were everywhere." said Dornbaum.

According to Dornbaum, the students
thought that the fire was simply a practice
drill or a false alarm. “No one really believ-
ed it was a fire until they saw the smoke."
he said.

Lieutenant John Canto said that Ul’l)
"had advised Liz Radko (Assistant l)ircc-"
lor for Residential Life) that the radio was
left on, attd also that there had been two ap-
pliances on one plug,“ itt order to help pre-
vent futttrc fires.

When reached Monday night. Radko had

no comment'onuthe fire. Three Resident

Soot damage

.i'Qcii-T',_ . 

Assistants from Saylcs were contacted as
well, and none would comment on lite inci-
icnt._

White said. “I had been on the first floor,
of Sayics visiting somebody. Vi hen the
alarm went off i went back to my room to
get my shoes."

Site explained that site opencnd the door,
and saw “black smoke and flames by the
radio."

White said she tltctt closed the door. and
left with the rest of the residents. Long said
she was out of the dorm at the time, and did
not learn of the incident “utttil much
later."

There was "smoke damage to the entire
room,” according to official police records.
“ and fire damage to the left of the room
and walls.“ .

“A radio and a T.V. were destroyed. and
miscellaneous items were burned." the
report continued. “The fire apparently
started in a radio that was left on. It is
possible it started in a T.V. that was on the
floor under the radio." said the report.

Long said that "the entire hallway is now
black because of the soot and smoke." One
ttudcnt speculated that the large atnount of
soot “might have been due to the plastic
which melted" on the T.V. set, which was
destroyed.

Ul’D estimated the damage costs at a
tninimutn of $2.000. Long estimated that
her‘s and her roommate’s combined losses
would “total $500 to $600 itt personal cf»

 

 

 

