 

~ -..~.._'. “5.2.-..

&

  

  

NOVEMBER [.1983

 

 

 

By Keith Marder

ASSOCIA TE SI’DR TS EDITOR

 

The Albany State football team should
speak to the NCAA abotrt shortening the
games by two minutes. Last Saturday. for the

second week in a row. the Great Danes lost a .

game which was decided in the'last two
minutes. The Alfred University Saxons beat
the Great Danes 22-2l in the last game to be
played on University Field this year.

One reason for Albany‘s defeat was their
inability to score from in close. Albany had
the ball dowrt to the Alfred 3-yard line on
three occasions and each time came away
empty-handed.

This prompted Head Coach Bob Ford to
comment. "We're not that bad; if we take
arty one of those irt for the score we win."

With a very strong wind, Alfred. who won
the coin toss. elected to kick off. This move
in trrrn enabled them to have the wind at their
backs in the fotrrtlr quarter.

Alfred's first score was helped by an
Albany mental error. At the outset of the
drive the Duties forced Alfred into a fourth
and four situation. Tlte Saxons. who decided
to go for it. trad quarterback Glenn Law drop
back into a shotgun. This movement cattst
the Albarry defensive line to go offsides and
subsequently gave Alfred first and ten on
Albany's 37.

The rest of the drive cortsisted of an array
of short passes and rtrns. in fact. the longest
play of the sequence was a l2-yard pass to
Sam Sanders. Fullback Dan Delucia's one
yard run gave the Saxons a 7-0 advantage.

On their ﬁrst possession with the heavy
winds in their favor the Danes wasted no time
taking advantage. After a poor punt by
Alfred's David Van Der Eems the Danes
took over on the Saxons' 34-yard line. Two
plays and 39 seconds later the game was tied
at seven. Senior running back John Dunham
capped off the scoring drive with a dazzling
20 yard run. Just when it looked as if he was
going to be taken 'down at the 3-yard line he
made a quick cut to the inside of two Saxon
defenders.

The next time the Danes had the ball they
marched all the way down to the Alfred
3-yard line before sophomore running back
Dana Melvin coughed up the ball into the

 

 

Cornerback Joe Campbell returning an interception in hie final home game In a

r

ED MARUESICM UPS

 

Dane uniform. The Danes lost 22-21 to Alfred.

endzone.

This turnover wasted a superb 36-yard
catch by split end Pete McGrath. He changed
direction in the air and still managed to come
down with the ball while being hit.

About the catch, McGrath commented.
"The ball was in the air and the wind was go-
ing that way. so i gave it all i had. i said (to
myself) ‘I want to catch it.’ " Quarterback
Mike Milano said. “it was a beautiful catch:
he's a super athlete.

The next possession was a little more pro-
ductive for the Danes. They drove 23 yards in
three plays. The scoring play was a 15-yard
pass to Bob Brien, withjust 17 seconds left in

the ﬁrst half. This enabled the Dance to take
a 14—7 lead into the lockerroom.

Coach Ford must have been very inspiring
during half-time. it took the Danes just 30
seconds to score after the intermission. Again
it was the Milano to Brien connection. This
time Milano hit Brien who was cutting across
the middle around midﬁeld. then Brien turn-
ed on the burners and motored upﬁeld for
the score making it 2l-7. ‘

Alfred. going against the wind. hit the
scoreboard next. Starting at their own 47 the
Saxons put together a 13 play scoring drive.

Overshadowing the score by Alfred was
the injury suffered by Albany defensive

  

tackle Jim Canﬁeld. On third and eight. Law
faded back to pass. Canlieid rushed and was
chopped down at the knees. He was taken off
the field to a hospital where arthroscopic
surgery was performed to repair ligament
damage on his knees.

To close out the qttartcr the Danes were
again stopped on the Alfred three. This time.
Milano. trying to take advantage of the wind
for the last little. went back to pass on fourth
down and was sacked by blitzing cornerback
Warren Garner.

The next time the Danes were on tlte'offen-
sive it scented like deja-vu.

Au interception by cornerbrtck Joe Camp-
bell gave Albany the ball on their own 36. A
24-yard pass to Bill tianagan along with an
iii-yard grab by Melvin gave the Danes a first
down on Alfred's three. This tirrrc Dunharo
ftrrtrbled a lrandofi'.

The next artd deciding drive carrte down to
one play'.

Alfred had the ball third and three on
Albany‘s ten. Thc Saxons call a time-out
urrd designed the followittg play: Quarter-
back Law pilcltctl the ball back to half buck
Don Carroll. who passed brick to the quarter-
brick. Milutro run irtlo the cudzottc untouch-
ed with the clock showing l:2il.

"it was right out of our playbook (the flea
llicker play)," commented Ford who also ad-
ded. “it‘s a tough damn thing to defend; the
quarterback is an easy guy to lose."

Alfred Head Coach Sam Sanders com-
mented on the play that his team had run for
the first time in two years. "i have to credit
our kids. they said 60 pass (the play) looks
pretty good. That's what i like about otrr
kids; they are always in the game even when
they are on the sidelines."

The Saxons then went for the two-point
conversion. “A tie never crossed my mind."
said Sanders. On the play Law passed to Car-
roll who broke two tackles and went into the
endzone.

Albany. forced to pass, had no success on
their ﬁnal drive which was against the wind.

Alfred coach Sanders. admitting that the
game was precisely as close as the score in-
dicated said. “No doubt about it. we had the
breaks and Albany didn’t." Milano added.

21 >

Women boaters beaten in SUN YA Cs by Brockport

 

By Mark thgard

STAFF WRITE

 

Saturday was not the best of days for a
soccer game.

That was the sentiment of many who
witnessed the ﬁrst-ever women‘s SUNYAC
' ' ame between the Alban

of i—0.

 

 

 

State Great Danes and the Brockport Golden
Eagles.

The windswept conditions were a deter-
mining factor in Brockport's t-0 victory over
Albany. The only goal in the game came with
about l6 minutes remaining in the second
half when Brockport scored on a floating
shot with the hcl ofa ustin wind.

 

The women's soccer team was beaten by Brockport in the
first-ever SUNYAC Championship on Saturday by a score

 

The Danes failed to score in the first 90

The ﬁrst half belonged to Albany. They
dominated Brockport and neutralized their
big play scorer. Becky Thomas. "They were
ranked a lot higher than they showed,"
remarked Albany Head Coach Amy Kidder.
“They might have been 11-! going into the
game, but we did a great job against them.“

     

g.

IOHLUCKEYUPS~ I

minutes. and that would mean trouble
heading into half number two.

Albany had to go against the wind irr that

second half. and they had their hands full
with a Brockport team intent on scoring.
- “We were just trying to last out the half,”
stated Kidder. “We were hoping to get to
ovetime. win the coin flip, and go with the
wind."

it wasn't meant to be. Shortly after
Brockport tallied. the Great Danes en-
countered their best scoring opportunity of
the day. But their scoring efforts were stop-
ped by the Golden Eagle defense. and
possibly by the referees.

“We should ltave had a penalty kick"
noted Kider. "There was a blatant hand bull.
our left wing was bumped. and orrr right wing
had her feet taken out from trrrdcr her." No
infraction was called, and the Danes fell. 1-0.
The loss dropped their record to 8-7-1, btrt it
did not lessen the team morale any.

“it was unfortunate that we didn't play the
day before." said Kidder. “it would have
been a completely different game — for both
teams."

The poor playing conditions forced
Albany to make many adjustments. Kidder
pointed out. “We had to play the ball on the-
ground. We knew that it would be hard to
put the ball in the air. it was a real struggle."

One person who probably felt the effect of
the wind more than anyone else was Dane
netminder Cathy Russo. Russo saw most of

21>

 

 

was. 2;, w:

 

UNIVERSITY OF NEW

A Y
srLBB 1"
PRESS

   

 

November 4, 1983

 

NUMBER 39

 

 

 

Former presidential candidate John Anderson
"/1 super power should show restraint and discipline. “

By David Mlchaelson
.srarr WINTER

in a press conference on campus
Trrcsday afternoon former
Presidential candidate John Ander-
sort announced thrtt he is heading
efforts to form a new political party
called The Natiorrrri Unity l’arty.
He claimed that this party worrld
show the two established purtics
“tltc error of their ways."

“Tire parties on lotrgcr suc-
cessfnlly rucdintc private interests.
brrt they now must answer to
them." Anderson said to about l5
ltrcul reporters at the (‘unrpus
("cuter Assembly Hall. 'l‘uesduy
night. he delivered a lecture in the
into-packed ('ttlttptts (‘cnter
liallroorn. entitled. " l ltc case for a
new political party."

Anderson said he is heading a na-
tional steering cottltttitlcc to explore
eltorts for ballot ncccss iii the t‘)tt4
elections. if successful there would
be a national contention. he said.
guessing tltnt ltc nonld probably be
asked to lend the ticket.

 

Anderson" case for it new
political party began with pointing
out the weaknesses of the two littl-
Ejtrr parties.

“l’ACs (Political Action (‘onr-
irrtittecs) are setting the legislative
agenda," Anderson said. With 3500
t’ACs pouring millions of dollars

Anderson gave the Environmen-
tal sub-committee as an example.
noting that they approved a weaker
version of the Clear Air Act because
of l’ACs. tic said the members who
voted for this weaker version receiv-
ed seven times as rntrclt t’AC rrroney
than those who voted against it.

Concerning finances of govern-
ment. Anderson said. "Neither par-
ty over the last 30 years has
demonstrated the capacity to run
l‘rscal affairs."

Defense spending. Anderson
s'tid. is the most costly example.
‘ My contention is that both parties
have contributed to an L‘\|\ltl\l\t‘ irr-
creusc in dctense spending and have
not purchased the greater peace that
we seek." Anderson claimed. lltc
price tor irresponsible spending. he
stated. is an nrtlutioonty economy
and higher trues.

“I don't think it's fair to your
generation or generations that
follow you to lllt\‘t.‘ a 2.5 trillion
dollar debt in Willi its currently pro-
jcctcd." Anderson said.

A new port). Anderson said.
would stand for a “pay as you go
govt-turnout." As tlll cutnrplc Ire
compared it to tire procedure ol
paying lines.

A new party. Anderson cott-
tiuucd. “should literally redefine
the concept of security." He said
that lltc United States' ultirrratc
security will not be found in con»
tirrtntlly increasing defense speu~

and to become competitive."
Anderson said. "we can’t have this
kind of defense spending."
Anderson claimed that his new
party will make it clear that it would
renounce receiving funds from
l’ACs. Candidates in his party. he
said. would rely on private con-
tributions and volunteers. He said.
also. that it would probably take
rrrorc than a single election to
establish his new party.
Commenting on the U.S. invu»
sion of (ircttudtt. Anderson said. ltc
couldn't believe that the situation
there was so immediately dangerous
that it required a land, sea urtd air
invasion. “A superpower should
show tcsttttittt and discipline to in»
tlicntc to the world tltut tltcy would
try and make decisions to fitrd u
better answer." Anderson said.
Anderson further noted that he
didn't think the Soviets would be
"perpetuatinng big brrse that would
destroy us“ if the US. didn't go in-
to (trenada. "The precedent we
set." Anderson said. “is one lltttl
will come back to haunt us."
Anderson said that over 43 per-
cent of the people in this country
felt that rrrore than two rtrujor
political parties were needed. And
for people rrnder the age of 40. 54
perccttt l'clt this way.
Anderson's lecture was
\ntctl by Speaker's Forum.
Artdcrson lust appeared on carn-
pus three years ago as rtn indepen-

spon-

KENNV KINSCM UPS

pressures.

into campaigns. lre said. the prtrties
can't rnedintc among conflicting

ding. "if we are to lay foundations
to rebuild lllc Arucricurr economy

dcut candidate in the l9tlt) Presiden-
tialelcction. 1

Judge grants voting rights for SUN Y Oswego

 

By Tim Shell

5714 iii I‘R[:.‘iS SERVICE

 

Nearly 700 Oswego students beeurtrc
registered voters of Oswego County yester-
day. and may legally vote on Tuesday. as a
result of a federal district court order in
Albany.

in a three part court order. Northern
Federal District Judge Neil McCurn ruled
that students whose forms were delivered to
the county board of elections between
February and October 3. be registered and
allowed to vote in the general elections on
Tuesday. The order also called on the county
board of elcetiorts to inform those students
who will be registered. botlt by mail and
through newspaper notice. that they are
registered and where they should vote.

The order is a result of an action by SASU
Counsel Ronald Sinzheimer to include
Oswego County in a legal suit filed in l980 by
students of SUNYA. which seeks to per-
manently Stop election commissioners from
treating students at state colleges differently
from local residents in determining voter
eligibility. .

At the prompting of Albany County at-
torneys involved in the Albany case. Sin-
zheimcr dropped his appeal to include
Oswego in that suit after attorneys represen-
ting Oswego's board of elections agreed to
consent to the registration of the 700 students
for Tuesday‘s elections.

The third stipulation of the court order is
that the Oswego case be considered a class ac-
tion suit, which would cover all students of
Oswego.

The case arose when Sittlheimer appeared
before Federal District Court Judge Roger
Miner on Monday, seeking relief for the 700
students. Miner issued trn order to the board
of elections to show cause for denial of the

registration forms. submitted between
February and October 3. to McCurn.

The decision by McCurn in the Albany
case is expected "arty day now." according
to Assistant Attorney General Barbara
Schultz. handling the case for the state. A
reason Sinzheimcr agreed to separating
Oswcgo from this case is that the 700 students
are now legal voters. and inclusion into the
Albany ease nrigltt delay decision.

But Oswego students were not the only
students irt court yesterday. seeking suffrage.
SUNY New Paltz. in Ulster County. was in-
cluded in a court order to register students
ast year. issued by McCurn and stemming
from the Albany case. yet students there
claimed the county was not obeying the
order. Ulster County was charged with con-
tempt of the order by New Paltz student
government lawyer Jack Lester.

In that situation, about 130 students were
denied registration by their board of elec-
tions. McCurn ruled those sttrdcnts should
vote on Tuesday by paper cltallcrrge ballots.
and appear Thursday in New Paltz Town
Hall before the election commissioners for a
determination of eligibility. McCurn
stipulated that according to his previous
order. students be considered under no dif-
ferent provisions than other residents.

Attorneys for the board insisted that the
order demonstrated improper procedures or
violations of the order.

SUNY Purchase students. irt Westchestcr
County. sought relief in a separate suit.
Westchester county elections' commissioners
have split on the question of student registra-
tion. after the state board of elections in-
fortned them of state laws. according to State
Board of Elections Counsel Thomas Zolezzi.
Tire case was not argued on its merits though.
because Westchester board attorneys con-

vinced McCurn that southern district court.
not the northern. was the proper site for such
proceedings.

Schultz expects the case to be heard Friday
in eritc Plains. with determinations in time
for Tuesday‘s election.

Schultz and the judge secured to agree that
the Purchase students. ltowevcr. will vote.
“On the merits of the case." Schultz said.

“They will be registered." Upon closing his
court for the day. McCurn said of the just
tratrsferred Purchase case. “All they have to
do is look at the facts in this case amt
sorrrcbody‘s going to get some relief fast."
Students from Cornell University. in Tom-
pkirrs County. also saw elections attorneys
concede registration to 150 strtdents who will
be allowed to vote'l‘uesday. l t

 

y L z Reich

B i
STAFF tt‘Rl mt

 

Tire New York Public interest Research
Group (NYPlRG) delivered 5000 pledge
cards frorn SUNY students who oppose the
Solomon Amendrtrcnt to Congressman
Gerald Solomon‘s office Monday.

The Solomon Amendment forbids 18-24
year-old college males from collecting
financial aid unless they have registered for
the draft.

The Amendment‘s opposers believe it is
unconstitutional. NYPtRG project coor-
dinator Paul Herrick stated. “The Solomon
Amendment violates the right of due pro-
cess jrnd the Fifth Amendment." He added
that, ifarr individual chooses not to register
for the draft. they cannot receive financial
aid. He noted that. “an individual cannot
voice his opinion." “No one has shown any
link between financial aid and the draft.
They are two separate things." Herrick
|claimed.

Solomon's Press Secretary John Kostas

 

N YPIRG pledge card campaign
opposes Solomon Amendment

was not impressed by the 5.000 pledge
cards. "We couldn't get a trtrck big enough
to hold postcards from supporters of the
Solomon Amendment." lie said.

“Studetrt aid is not a constitutional
right." he added. “it is a privilege. Con—
gress has the right to set standards for aid."

According to a NYPlRG fact street the'
Minnesota Public interest Research Group
(MPIRG) and the American Civil Liberties
Union (ACLU) brought a suit regarding the
Amendment's constitutionality to the Min-
nesota Federal District Court in Jttne.

The Cottrt issued a permanent injunction
barring the Education Department from en-
forcing in any state the law linking eligibili-
ty for federal aid to draft-registration
status. However. the SupremeICourt lifted
the injunction in July and ordered financial
aid offices to comply with the law.

“Recently the Supreme Court decided
Ml’lRG is not allowed to continue in the
suit because they only represent a similar in-
terest in many colleges." explained Herrick.

13>

 

 

 

 

