 
   

 

~ .. “mung,
v~_. row-m » <

. ...._...._... _,_._,,___,_h_ .

 

 

Twister

GAIL MERRELL

Permanent Adda"
ASP Newsrunrrr
Albany. N Y 12222
lﬁllrl 457~Illlfi0

Present Addrzu
Srurlr-nr (lln'llrr
Albany. N Y IZZIttr
l'rllll 'lllll lilllll)

OBJECTIVE

Designing perfect resume
Olntttlng articles (a. the. an. etc i so resume reads like Cirrnlre (flrrur script
Implementing Impressive action verbs

EDUCATION

g’l'ln-MSIulr: Unlucrslty a] New York at Albany
5 try IOM' Computer Science Mater tori ' '
. _ gtnally Btrrlm . that L tr 5 r ’- -
then finally Computer Science again]; Spanish Minor W t "mm H “H'u' I'M' """""y'

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

'The ABC Furniture Company — May to September l‘liiil
ﬂuke: ck;wa with management (rny ulltce was next to the coffee machine)
in: 5a esmen : transaction accdunls for interim (got 70 buck '
‘ surrehilurlr I l ‘
(invented tntcr~cornpany communications [sat at the switchboard] ' l ' y " l H "mm mm"

Awarded Most Efltctent Hm I ‘ '
[he wmd pmcvs‘m’ p rryee for month of Mrry [highest sr me on Space invaders game that was rrlt

PRACTICAL TRAINING

f)evelr;ped strong accounting background trllrl five ul Crnnnrrr's [\(‘C
course '
Comprehensive knowledr ‘

Je of Assembler. (.rrbul. f’rscrl \
alter typing them In) ' ' lm' "up u "n"
liarnmntted intricate rrlnlhenmttcnl and structured visual concepts

2!] l homework; belore dropping
ursmurl rrry lrlcnrl's programs

(studied crrlcrrlus wirrlu watching TV)
ACTIVITIES

| entoy isometric! (balancing myself while standing on a cruwde

d b ‘
i ll" regularly [l carry a backpack lull ul (ill dollar books that I d “s uu'l'g un'uwn'

on'l even read)

Refer I
cures avallnblr. upon request [as loan as | lrnd a professor who knows who i run)

Opening Act

t The women's movement today: Libby Post and Hamilton South

H .0. ﬂ ‘ h. .7 .  . .... .d  .rm y'auu-v}

 

   
  
   
  
    

Inside...

33
Sound And Vision: Keith Van Allen rates the album debut rt
Simon Townsend. the younger brother of a classic r-rrr-tt....r.)[|Q)
and Dean Betz revisits the electrifying world of a “limwy mum"
concert. and finds it living up to the worst of his expectations '

-——————————-centerfold

relate respectively a woman’s and man's perspectives on lcrrrini' ‘
Megan Taylor previews the upcoming women's caucus anf'll
featured speaker. Sonia Johnson. Tracy Morgan examines (‘l "S
Steinem’s new book. and her own developing awareness Hm"

 

6a 73.

Mind Games: Daniel Barth looks COIOTfU/ VlSions: Ken llombaum
at the world through the eyes of a unraVelS the COmPlL’X imagery of
mind off balance. and Shirley anmaT Bergman's Funny And
Davis discovers the secret Alexandét‘. and Rina Young
cinematic pleasures of Albany's takes Off through the
spectrum Theater. transcendental tints and hues
which permeate the very fabric of
our existence.

 

 

Rn
Spectrum is the key which unloEks the door to the unfathomable
vortex of culture and entertainment coming your way this week
right here in Albany. The Freshman discovers the cold hard facts of
UAS cuisine. the hard way, and Otis discovers who really is the
dog's best friend.

 

 

 

Quote of the Week: 

“Dave — You’re Godl” 1H. mapm 

d] HisSupreme Holiness David L.L. Laskin revealed this to himself upon .
scovcrmg that he had lard out a difﬁcult article perfectly on his ﬁrst attempt l

 

 

 

University Theatre
Presents

 

t‘.‘l‘

titratrt'rt"

  
 

   
   
  

Illt'utl ,

ill" m t t it it”

      

 

t

A‘ A

CHAPEL HOUSE INTERFAITH CENTER
presents

PERSPECTIVES :

WHAT
DO WE BELIEVE ABOUT

DEATH

a jewish— christian approach

 

featuring
Rabb| GershOn Gewirtz-(lUHflRle/X'l'lrw ,4 “ti

AdRAliAM-JAL‘HH. r‘r‘,3t“\'l'r’

 

Li'l'. HAM" - :r‘rilnlr

Rev' Geoﬂrey Burke- ~er :rla

Thursday, November 10
Campus Center Assembly Hall
7:30. PM

 

 

 

 

 

, . till/tilttittttltt t
_ﬁ  . llltllllltlt ltttlltiltttlit ' s. d b
Th. EN 0 al Ca 3 n fun." y
Hillel cunts brain  Mtager'gfggtlTS 
5 Campus Ministry

 

 
  

NOVEMBER 9, 1983

m:“‘trru w” 3.,

 

Simon Towns

approached the album wartly. On
the one hand. [was already Inclin-
ed In favor of it due to the fact that
Simon ‘Townshend is Pete Townshend's
brother. Pete. of course. Is the brains behind
the rock supergroup. The Who. And not on-
ly ts Pete Simon's brother. but he also pro-
duced the album. On the other hand.
though. i was prejudiced against the album
by its cover i tend to ignore the age-old
cliche. “don‘t judge a book by Its cover."
and. in this instance. the cover is awful. it
shows Simon Townshend In a pseudo-
macho pose looking like he lust climbed out
of a coal mine.
Kertlr Van Allen

So which of these preconceptions turned
out to be more accurate alter listening to
Simon Townshend's debut album. Sweet
Sound? Well. actually neither. It's not as bad
as the cover. but it's also a disappointment
coming from someone so closely associated
with Pete Townshend.

The first song. “Sweet Sound." is very in-
dtcatlve of the rest of the album's mustc and
lyrics. The music is hard-driving. up-beat.
but inevitably unmemorable. As for the
lyrics. the meaning of such couplets as “We
can play together. when the ice is dry" are
beyond me. Frequently such lyrics can be
understood in the context of the rest of the
song. Unfortunately for this track. and the
remainder of the album. this is not the case.

The next song on side one is the single
which has been getting the most radio
airplay. “l'm the Answer" works well for this
purpose because It's catchy and has a simple
yet memorable chorus. Although Simon's
record company insists that “the minute you
slap Simon's LP on the turntable all sibling
associations go out the window". i beg to dlf-
fer. “l'm the Answer" sounds a lot like the
elder Townshend's "Let My Love Open the

 

r Door." Simon is the "answer" to someone's

loneliness, just as Pete implored the lonely
obiect of his song to “release yourself from
mtsery.",.The similarity is also noticeable in

the voices of the two brothers. i used to think
that Pete's voice‘was inimitable. but his little
brother's voice ls almost an exact duplicate.
With "On the Scaffolding." Simon con-
tinues to display his inability to write mean—
ingful lyrics. Built around an up-and-down
bass line. the song is once again musically

 

solid. However. when Simon moans the

Quiet Rot

admit that when l was M i liked
some really bad rnustc. Hell. l'm 22

I now and i still like some bad music

7 but I've never been a fun of heavy metal.

Dean Betz

Until recently thr: worst rock show l'rl been
to was an Aerrrslrrrtlr/Clrcrrp Trick concert at
Veteran's Memorial Auditorium in Des
Moirrus. ‘l'hc llrlll has the acoustics of the old
Ri’l l-‘ieldhouse. but twice as poor. because
Vct's is twice as big as RPI.

i went to the Palace 'l‘hunler Monday
night. however. with an open mind. The last
and only “hrnd r‘uck"or “heavy metal" cun-
cert | llr\(l seen was .r waste of 0 bucks, but i
buried rrlrl prejudices and opened my
notebook to .r clean page.

i walked in right after Quiet Riot hit the
stage. at about 9:20 p m. [missed the warm-
up hand because i had .r long. meeting with
the curprrrrrtrr folks who control this paper.
but the guard at the door consoled me that I
hadn't missed anything. lit the interest of
rour'rrrrlistic decency. thrtt'I even divulge the
name of the band.

imagine four 25-yerrr»old men publicly
masturbating for the benefit of the 2.000 13
lo ltr-year-olds. and the tens of thousands of
dollars they'll receive for playing lame covers
of their mindless TV videos for a few minutes
more than an hour. including the obligatory
UllltUIB.

The best thing that can he said about Quret
liiot's show is that they have a good eye for
heavy metal cliches. The guitarist had the
classic Eddie Van llrrlcn rocking back-and-
furth moves. alternately flaying his medium<
lcngllr blrrrrd lrrrlr over his head and HI front
of his face. The only cxcuse l Crlll find for this
familiar ln-rrvyrrretrrl stance is that it might
make the rrrnvcrrrcrrts of tlrc guitarist more
Visible to the drunken junior lrrgh school
studcnts who poured into the upper balcony

seats.

 

The “drunken 13-year-old" theory pro-
bably would explain the group-swaying the
bass player kept trying to get the crowd into.
Also. their heavy-handed “Hey. let‘s party
and say dirty words 'cause mom and dad
aren't here" attitude would appeal to any
shit-faced high school freshperson.

An example of Rtot's intellectual between-
songs banter occurred before a song with a
title like "Let's Party." or “Let‘s Get Crazy."
or sorrrethlng like that. The lead singer ex-
plained in his high-pitched half-scream.
"You need three things for a party a
medicine (alcohol). ‘cer'tain consurnrrbles'
(marijuana). and rrolsemakers." To
demonstrate alcohol. he and the drummer
:ook long draws off Ll bottle containing some
liquid substance. To illustrate “certain con-
sumables." the singer sniffed around the
front of the stage for pol smoke “The mom-
mies and daddies won't like that. but you
know what they can kiss." he said. turning

Sound'And Vision

hend,F0r Pete’s

 

 

 

 

:horus of "i can be a melt-away and drift- ’
away heart." the music is incapable of saving
the song.

Side one concludes with the most in-
teresting song on the album. Although the
subject and meaning of “Mr. Sunday" is
once again unclear. the music succeeds in

ASPECTS 80

the song with some good fast guitar strumm-
tng and then the other musicians kick In for a
full. Intense sound. The song has the nice
touch of a string arrangement during the in-

strumental break. which heightens the ten-
sion of the music.

The second side of Sweet Sound
demonstrates that Simon can write good
lyrics. but it suffers from —— of all things —
poor production (sorry. Pete). Both these
factors are exemplified in the song
“Freakcrs,” its about how people explode in
anger. and then realize that they are no bet-
ter off for it Simon explains. "On kicking the
wall that day. lbroke my toe. and l learnt my
lesson so." The chorus then declares that
"freakch end weaker." The music to
"Freakers" comes through the speakers as
muddy and cluttered. unfortunately. With a
clearer. more precise sound. "Freakers"
would take best song honors for this album.
Big Country drummer Mike Brzeztckt took
some time out to play on Sweet Sound and
the song "Heart Stops" showcases his
talents. This song is the closest thing to a
dance tune on the album and this Is due to
Brzezickl's frenetic pounding. Driven by this
fast tempo. the song asks' the musical ques-
tion. "Where you gonna be when your heart
stops?" This is the second time Brzeztckl has
helped out a Townshend. since he perform-
ed session work on Pete Townshend's latest
snlo effort.

The product of the collaboration of the
Townshend brothers. Sweet Sound . is an
uneven work Indeed. When asked about
working with Pete. Slrnon said “The best
part was that it was in no way a favor. Pete
decided to produce because he thought the
music was totally valid. not because he was
my brother." if any band off the street had
gone to Pete Townshend with exactly the
same material. i doubt that Pete would have
produced them. But this doesn't really
detract from the album. Sweet Sound is an
album which can be listened to very painless-
ly. but is destined to spend more time sitting
in your record collection than spinning

f]

 

keeping the listener‘s attention. Simon opens

3.
~15?.\.

Q: .

‘4‘. V.\JO~
~10 .' $.-

.  If»
‘ - v

      

/
his back to the audience. lifting his leg into
the air and pointing to his asshole.

Oh yeah. I almost forgot this is supposed
to be a music review. The only two songs
Riot performed that l was familiar with were
"Metal l’lealth." and the newest teen anthem
“Cum On Feel the Noise,"

The guitar mix was so lull of distortion.
compression and other heavy metal effects
that i could hardly make out what the
guitarist was playing. lt secured like he was
playing quickly during one extended solo,
but it sounded like he was merely going
through scale r‘epltitions. not playing
anything resembling an innovative rock 'n
roll solo.

The band couldn't get a rise out of the ad
:lience. even when they began their big hrt
single. The show ended on a sour note.
when the band took an elegant bow as half

 

 

the audience had begun to leave. The

around on your turntable.

   

lighting operator didn‘t ev alize the show
was going to end only an hour and ten
minutes after beginning. and didn't turn up
the house lights until a few minutes after
most of the crowd had already packed the
exits.

Last time I got ripped off by a bad rock
show. I'd paid (1 dollars for the privilege of
seeing two tread-liner bands. Monday I paid
H dollars to see a half-assed heavy metal
band put hackneycd.

paces.

As we walked out a Side exit of the Palace.
we ran into a litre of momunes and daddies
in their station wagons. waiting patiently to
carry their kids back to (Burlrlerland Center
or Delmar or Cllllon Park or wherever they
come from, \vrrrtirrg to get back to the TV.
and unaware that the lead singer they gave
their kid 8 bucks to see for an hour had
recommended they kiss his ass.

cliched musical.
phrases and stage manners through their

 

 

