lion and if people move to stop Sotiit‘lliti’tg
there‘s no individual that can stop a
massive group

How about j‘hit‘ffL‘tillltl'S though ‘ l 'nr-an
rerrftstttr'nffy tt‘lltll can we do '

Tom: We can 'tist take responsibility for
ourselves-that's all you could possible t'oii
trul.

Bill: The \tltole thing is a farce tight nnu
lt's becmtiing one u-ald because nl cont
murnca-rons All those one sided
arguments are iust going to start going out
the \vrnrlotv because all it's based on is
sovereignty. LliLIItiiIl'S. nations and for me
this i'dttnlty is first and all this shit I inst
think all that's going out the \itndou'
Jim: (if course it is. as \tell as the Idea of
having one person making det'iutoiis ltII
tIIrttII/rlllril'ﬁ ridiculous. that whole potter
structure. a pyramid pointing to the top
Tom: That‘s because people are )t'tt‘s‘ptiti
sthle. not only politically. but socially, "d"-
ually, and they want other people to do
thinrts for tlu.in, People ran heroine
responsible for themselves

 

Phil: \h‘IT. tin-wk .ornpinmtse and
ilit‘tr“s patient: a It saa turtle

Jill: lint ulh‘t‘ .ie \\‘\I sacrifice enni
t\l\‘.\l\ ‘

Bill: “hen \“u re a I\\'\\ band. it! a young
hand it‘s eaw to say ‘l'rn not going to corn
l‘ltilliIN“ lint 't \uii‘ie going to express
tutti plauna instruments you realise tltat
alter .I\\ltllt‘ it helps to know lltiu‘ to play
tout instruments

Tom: lhat's not a tomprornise. though

You're only tontpiuinising if getting better
means falling into a stereotype. not
pushing yourself to do sortiethina creative.
Bill: l‘eoplt- say that about the (lush. Iltal
they sold out I think their liillSIt‘ has ltl‘d
expanded. beratise they've lit't'ttlilt’ better
intisit tans. they first can't help It If you'u'
been together for that long you learn tltat
there's alot more than playing three
t in ads

Scott: l’att If becoming successful is com:
jitl irnrsmri. their what's the potitt of being In
.i hatitl’

Tom: To me surress is just personal fulfill

 

x1 xxxx

Toto.

x x xxx 1 .3.

Bill: Compromise isn’t a dirty word. That’s a major
problem with being in a hand. You can’t play in your
basement forever. Ifyou wanted to maybe you could

just put out a record and never play outlive, like

 

W xxxxx xxh

Jim: I agree hut l tliirtk you're trying to
change tlte basic nature of humans,
Tom: No. I‘m not trying todo that I‘m tit-a
trying to trnpliirient responsibility on myself
and that's \-.liat you're asking me about
That‘s me l'm not part of a movement
When people start saying we fet'l this war:
and \\e feel lliat way I get jittery

Iftri you Ilnrilr you're part o/o youth t'ttll‘i'
merit ’ [to you tlIIt|l\' you'll be than.) :hu
St'ttttL‘ thing tt‘ltt‘tt you're Cit-i“

Mike: t'iv ‘r'raith is not as diva-w its
‘anyhody that's older (tut parents are t on
deitinirig its for things we're th illitj non- but
they did the same things or sirtiilai thrrios
when they new younger

Scott: Arid the next generation is going to
lie damning its for what he do

There was it quote in (in article about the
Jan: and Paul Weller that said that they
were” 'I trying to l)L’(tf the systeiri. they u ere
just trying to make the best til it What do
you think afrotit that”

Scott: l'm not trying to :dt'l) on anyhorl'. ~
toes and I don't thrrik the hand is We rlun'i
want to riiake waves. we just want to ItI-tlii'
the best of the situation we're in

Jim: But that's like accepting the rule~r that
they're handing you

Tom: lt sounds like a compromise

 

 

1 1x xxxxxxx

merit, fdon't have to teach anybody lr‘an
honestly be content just playing my bass
lion '1 you think that's selﬁsh and iritiospt't
titre”

Tom: I think its irresponsible to be other
wise l‘ri me. if sutt‘ess routes to the hand
that» great. but my goal is just personal
fulfillment v.liat I want to do with it is make
itiysr'lf ltappy

.Mike: But then you ronld rust "If at home

and prat ttcrr You have to have some goals
to reach (or. otherwise you'll go nowhere
Bill: You r'aiii say that Skip. it's too big
Tom: What do you mean it's too htg.
you're telling me I can't think the way I
tliitrk’ V
Bill: No. l‘m just asking what's lltt' point III
general “till you tti relation to yotti liaiid'J
l‘ersonal lLllflllItIL‘lIl thliat doth that have
to do with the rest of the band" Don't yr ill
have to consider them?

Tom: l'liey're supposedly ftilfilliiig
tliei selves by tvorkirig through the hand
and working together

Bill: (.IK. each member wants to personal
It; fulfill themselves. hitl there has to he a
unified tlltUtﬁlttiti too

Tom: That's part of the fulfillment htrt if
it's not fulfilling me. I'm not in it anymore
Bill: lint generally the band's got to be

 

 

 

 
 

7;;
I
n Mum")

? .
ms MO” I,

together-it's got to be it LIIUUI’ Ulll’rl-
Tom: l‘m not concerned. I gitess. about
the destiny of the group. I'm concerned
abotit my own destiny

Bill: l‘hat's selftsh

Tom: No it's not l'm tieittg realistic and
responsible. rather than ohllging myself to
soirtething that maybe won't live up to it |
tan't say I'm going to make the other two
hand riieinhers happy I can only say I'm
aunt; to try to make myself happy Iliivatgli
it. lt'an't have responsibility to other peo
ple Nobody can

Bill: Your big point before was respori
srhtlity Nttu' it seems like it's responsibility
to yourself and If you‘re going to he in
\‘olved iii a hand context then you have to
((illllilttllll‘ik‘

Tom: the thing is you have to have
responsibility to yourself and that should
inrliide your responsibility to the whole.
whatever the whole is

Jim: litit at t‘cllrttti times isn't there art
amount of sacrifice that individuals have to
make for a group because that's Llettiocracy
and ('iittlpl'titttIﬁL’?

Bill: Compromise isn't a dirty word. That's
a limit” problem with being in a hand. You
t'an't play III your basement forever. If you
wanted to maybe you could just put out a
record and never play out live. like Toto.
Mike: So. really you have to compromise
if you ever want anyone to like you.
Bill: You know it really is unfortunate btit
you do have to mix business with pleasure
How much do you guys know about the
record industry?

Scott: We're just scratching the sur-
face.

Jim: 1 hope home taping kills the record
iiidustrv I hope they all go out of business.
I think they're assholes. Anything that
escalates to a point where a giant board of
directors are goittg to tell a hand what to do
and what to play can only go so far. If it's
bigger, it‘s better. that whole business at»
titude . that's bull shit!

Bill: That's all pretty much part of the '70:;
business end of it. It's going out.

Mike: The problerii Is that it‘s getting out
of hand. It Would be better if it starts com-
trig back to a smaller scale. which it is to
sortie extent. We have the smaller coin-
paiiies. the independents. The record
companies are delegating to the audience
what they should listen to. In a way I have
to listen to what the record companies dic~
tare because that's the only product
available.

Bill: That's the good thing about the In-
dependent record scene. It you definitely
want to survive on a small level you can get
your record distributed fairly well. It's also

 

  
 
 

. 7. I
I“ [47!]:-
us’ing a little creativity in the business part I
don't think being on a major label helps at
all
Scott: ll you get a lll.t)ittt dollar record
contract. you gotta take your Istudio lltIII.’
out of that. you gotta take your pressing. all
those things are detliitted hour It. ll the
album goes gold you tnrglit just break even
Bill: You might coin‘ini'e llll'til to give you
some money. but they're not going to pro-
mote the hell out of it You have to do that
yourself So I say. if you get the money
together. do it yourself Nobody cares as
much abottt your |)I‘i(lltr‘l as you do.
fottt important is fashion to you guys"
Jim: I like fashion It‘s the first way people
rceive you You can convey your pet
.ality through what clothes you wear. If
that's important to you
Mike: Our guitarist wears leather jackets
with all sorts of shit hanging off II. but when
he goes to work he dressed nice because
that's what's expected of liirti
Jim: Fashion is just something to do
because you‘ie bored I think people
should wear more dresses I think people
in Albany should dress better
Lust thing: what are your iiidirirrlurtl baan
goofs?
Phil: Personal goals? I could deal wtth
tliealthy sex life, liitrtd goals? It would he
iood if people would really listen to what
we say.
Mike: Personal goals? I waitt to he thIti like
Scott. Band? We just want to progress
musically, do different things, and hopeful-
ly get more people to know about us and
like us
Chris: We just watit to write more songs I
guess. We have no clear cut goals as far as
records or anything like that. We don't
know what's going to happen.
Jim: I want to play in another city. That's
my personal goalwto get up iii front of
people we don't know. Having your
friends come is cool. but it would be nice to
sound good and play in front of people we
don't know once. Personal goals? I want
my flower shop to work out (200 Lark 5L).
Tom: I want to develop personally as
much as I can and do what I want to do.
and at the moment that includes playing in
a band and pushing that as far as we
possibly can push it. I guess I just want to
grow up. And I want to have sex with the
red-headed girl.
Scott: As far as the band goes. we have a
couple of songs in the can and In the mail
to record companies. We're looking at a
single. maybe before the summer.
Bill: Personally. make alot of money. play
In another city. put out a record. and then
come back to working life. Get a job.

 

 

 

 

  
     

14:2. I. ,r .x.‘ ,



’m In a panic. Driving down

Central Avenue on what must

easily be the coldest night of the
year and the empty light on my gas guage
Is screaming Its cynical warning at me ‘of all
nights to run out of gas'. I think to myself.
‘mInus seventeen degrees outside and
already fourty-ftve minutes late for a con‘
cert l'm supposed to be covering for
Aspects I! As It turned out I didn’t run out of
gas. and by the time I made It to the EBA
Chapter-house at the corner of Lark and
Hudson. I still had a half hour Wait before
the first band.

Metin Ulug

I usually don't have a hard time getting
to see local bands. because shows usually
don't start before ten thirty and. playing In
a bar. owners use the band primarily to sell
drinks. In return for providing the people
and selling beer. the clubs provide the band
with a place to perform. a place where they
can contact an audlance. But what about
younger people. who are refused entry In-
to these bars, especially now that the drink-
lng age has been raised to 19? Rock. or
more specifically. pop music. has always
been directed towards young people.
(since the Beatles and continuing with
bands like the Go's Go's and Oreo Speed-
cookle). Since It is the young market that
determines chart sucess. why then should
this section of the population be refused the
opportunity to enjoy live music?

This was the primary motive of organiz-
ing the concert series at the Electronic
Body Arts Building; this concert. the fifth is
the series helped me re-evaluate my Im-
pression of local music. For a long time
young people have been rather neglected
In the local music scene.but over the last
year or so. some interesting changes have
taken place, a number of new. younger
bands have materialized In the area. Bands
like Lumpen Proles. the Verge and Capltle
all have the Intent to reach younger peo-
ple. an audience they themselves feel a
strong alliance towards.

By the time I arrived there were about fif-
ty people milling about In the first floor
lounge. a group of teenagers. and the
usual Albany posters. At a table In the
foyer. a band member sold drinks: Not

 

 

0

AN. AH AM YOUR WORST
NIGHTMARE! AH AM A NIG-
GER WITH A BADGE!" Eddie
Murphy smiles. shoving a thiii finger under
the nose of the Californian good ol' boy
glaring sullenly back at him. Silence hangs
In the air of this sleazy Country-Western
strlp joint like the stale smoke of bad cigars.
and the only sound Is the new squeek of
Murphy's Spats as he flashes his badge like
a second grin and presses the patrons for
Information. He stands out like a raisin in a
rice pudding. while the badge's real owner.
Nick Nolte. melts Into the background and
lets Murphy intimidate them with dazzle.
Nolte's sheer bulk overwhelms both the bar
stool and his badly-fitting suit. but
somehow the costar of North Dallas For-
tyand Rich Man. Poor Man seeps brutal
power and speed If called to action,

Lisanne Sokolowski

__________._._._._.._.———-—

The scene ts from the new sensation. 48
HRS. a runaway success that stars Nick
Nolte and America's hottest young come-
dian. Eddie Murphy. Murphy. who hardly
seems old enough to drink and vote In
every state. has shot to the upper echelons
of movledom's big league with his role of a
slick. fast-mouthed. fast-movin' convict
that is set free for 48 hours to catch a killer.

For those insomniac’s and late night TV
lovers. Murphy may be recognized from
climbing through the ranks of the New
Saturday Night Live, first as a bit player

and then a leading member of the cast. Hls 1

character Tyrone. the reactlvtst poet who
wrote "KIII Mab Landlord. Kill Mah
Landlord", ls becoming as standard to the
new SNL players as Belushi's samurai was

 

 

 

 

 

 

E.B.A. - A music hot spot

 

cocktails. but cans of soda popl Upstairs
things were curtouser and curtouser: Stan-
ding togeher or leaning against the wall
near the stage were groups of kids. some
wearing leather jackets. most In that
awkward adolesent stage somewhere after
shaving but before a clear complexion.

Standing there at what looked like a

sock hop for juvnlle delinquents. l oddly
began to feel old for the first time. Me. the
guy who still breaks Into a cold sweat
everytime I walk Into a liquor store. The
most significant thing I could possibly say
about what was going on Is that they were
having fun; they ran after each other.
stomping on each others toes. wrestling
each other to the ground. For a ﬂeeting
moment I felt cheated. when l was sixteen
all I could do was hang out In shopping
malls. Throughout the night. the music
was really seconday -- what was important
was the event itself. and the style. the same
style of living affecting both the music and
the clothes. a style we could call a com-
bination of frustrations with being young In
a modern society and a post—punk
youthfull energy.

The first of the four bands up were. the
Ex-Hellcats. a four pelce band. that played
an energetic set of mainly original material
like all of the bands that played that

to the old.

Compared to the overnight success of MurA
phy. Nick Nolte’scems like a veteran. yet In
many ways perhaps the chemistry works so
well between these two actors because
Nolte also was an “overnight success".
Once of the first TV mini-series was Rich
Man, Poor Man. that starred Peter ‘itrauss
and Noltc. He was an Immediate success
as the foul mouthed antihero who always
managed to reek of bad scotch and
machismo at the same time. Fortunately
for Nolte. typecasttng has gone In his
favor. shaping him Into a slovenly. too big
to shove around James Dean of the '805.
The thoughnosed rebel cop is certainly not
an original character. but no one could do
it better than Nolte can.

48 Hours Is not a movie for the
squeamish. There's an Ice-blooded killer
(Played by James Remar) who looks like
he eats rattlesnakes raw for breakfast and
only has to look at you to make you want
to wet your pants. I haven't seen bullet-
riddled gunfire action like this movie since
Dawn of the Dead. But It really Isn't
violence for vtolence's sake. There’s the
feeling that. at least in the game of cops
and robbers. It Is a man's world. For In-
stance, Murphy strikes a deal with Nolte
that.If he can lead Nolte to the killer he can
go. for one evening. without Nolte hand-
cuffed to him. and find himself a woman.
"Man. Ah been In jalll Ah been In fall so
long Ah get a hardon when the wind
blowsl” .

Tension packed? You bet. There's a
final death chase through the fog and neon
lights of San Francisco's Chinatown that
just builds and builds. James Homer's
musical score molds your blood pressure

 

  

nIght.the vocals were lost in the sound mix.
unfortunate really. because It the band had
anything interesting to say. it certainly
couldn't be conveyed. The Ex-Hellcats are.
above all. a garage band. I got the impres-
sion that if they had been together five
years ago they would have' played
Freebtrd. and stones songs. I guess I Just
couldn't find any Integrity.

The best performance by far came from
the Lumpen Proles, They logically should
have gone on last. but perhaps It was so
kids could see them early In case mom and
dad needed them home before ten. The
Prater are a strong. three pelce outfit with a
tight. dynamic sound. Their most valuable
asset ts drummer Blll Rella. whose acute
sense of approrlate timing separated the
Profes from the other bands. Noy that Al
Kash of Fear a] Stranger has left town. BIll
just might turn out to be one of the best
drummers In town.

At this point In the show. the crowd
began to get Involved. Dancing styles tend
to change pretty regularly -- which is more
or less a method of Insuring their unl-
quencss from the previous generations.
Here. rough physical contact ls emphasiz-
ed In something of a frenzied catharsis --
bodies hIt each other. people are knocked
down. but then are helped up by the same
person. and then they bounce to their feet
with a smile and dance on.There is nothing
personally agressive or vindictive about It.
only the same youthfull exuberance that
one might find In a school playgrund.
Before writing this artlcal I worried about
misrepresenting these kid's Intenllons. that
I might make them look like a gang of
blood. Thirsty savages. but unlike the
vtocnt thrash of Slam dancing styles enjoy-
Ing popularity In New York and California.
this is agression channelled Into a healthy.
enjoyable (not to mention entertaining)
outlet.

After the Lumpen Proles. the true show
became the audience. The organizers of
the EBA shows are Interested In showcas-
ing bands other than the clique of people
usually Involved. The last two bands; Cat-
tle and Idle Sorts of the Very Rich. we‘re
obviously outsiders to this ‘scene'fa word I
hate to use. but can find no better descrip-
tion), The kids in the audience were aware
of this. and provoked by a band that not

    

if T ,f ,. _
Eddte Murphy In 48 Hours

through fear at one moment and laughs at
the next. Walter Hill's direction makes the
old cop-story original again. with twists
where you least expect them and expecta-
tions fulfilled when you want them to be.
Nolte and Murphy. The new Hepburn
and Tracy? Frankly. I don’t think Nolte's
got Hepburn's legs. But 48 Hours Is still
the best 2 hours In town.
Moving on to a lighter note. there's a hol-
day season movie that's still playing in the
area that. If you were too busy to catch
earlier you should treat yourself to a smile
to now. It‘s Kiss Me Goodbye. starring the
trlo of Sally Fields. Jeff Bridges. and James

only played bland rock n' roll but also
played with a pompous attitude. they
began attacking the conventions of the

audience-performer relationship. by In-
cluding the stage in their dance space.
ﬁbreaklng down the separation between the
(musicians and audience. Their sarcastic
_mtmicry of a stereotypical heavy metal au-
dlence was quite amusing. At one point
they moved Inches from the band making
gestures of mock hero worship. stopped to
‘laugh at their joke for a second before fin-
ding some other mischief to amuse them.
The band Cattle was dreadful. they-played
dull. extended songs. psychedelic noise.
and stopped after each song for five
minutes to tune up.

The last band provided a sociologists
dream come true. The Idle Sons Of The
Very Rich are a three piece band (Mainly of
SUNYA graduates) that play mellow.
white. reggae tinged cover tunes. A friend
commented that they sounded like The
Grateful Dead In Jamaica. All that is fine
and good. but clearly this band was In the
wrong place at the wrong time. They even
brought some fans. a group of SUNYA
hippies to dance with them. Clearly the two
cultures were ultimately going to clash. and
the kids had the hometown advantage. this
was their turf. Eventually some of the
friends of the Idle Sons were forced Into
moving around the seemingly rowdy
dancers (you know- brittle bones). A
dancer runs down the aisle hitting our
photographers flash unit. tearing It from the
base- lot It be known that one shouldn't
carry fragile equipment around these peo-
ple when they're dancing. hippies are a lot
safer. the worst they can do Is Invade your
karma). The Idle Sons finished their set
with an Inane original called “Dog Food”.
By this point I had lost Interest and went
downstairs. I don't mean to Imply that
these kids are an example of the youth of
today. because. as one of them told me .
youth is just as diverse as anyone else. Out-
side In the cold night air a group of girls
from Inside were standing on the corner. I
stopped to say goodnight just as one of
their mothers pulled up In a station wagon
to wIsk them back to whatever suburban
dream they had come from. I walked to my
car humming quietly to myself. "People try

‘ I]

 

to put us down...‘

Caan. And a trio is just what they remain
throughout the film—a quaint. lighthearted
comedy about a widow who tries to
remarry to put her first husband out of her
mind and winds up with his ghost still in-
sistlng she‘s his. Subtitle this one The Fly-
ing Nun meets the Tapdancing Ghost.

Caan plays Jolly. the flamboyant. multi-
affectionate Broadway choreographer who
meets an untimely death during a cast par-
ty. Fields. as Jolly‘s widow. is adorable as
the slightly loony. frustrated New Woman.
trying to rebuild her life over but being tug-
;ed from side to side. And Bridges. who
probably hasn't felt this lost In a situation

since being in the belly of Tron. is Field’s
husband-to-be.

Because Jolly is invisible to everyone but
Fields. sometimes the three way conversa«
tions are handled with rapid fire accuracy
and timing. At one point Fields has con-
vlnced Bridges that Jolly exists (or so she
thinks) while he humours her by taking the
"three" of them for a drive In the country.
All the Interaction by Caan and Bridges is
handled by Fields so well that with time.
you come to think that Caan Is really invisi-
ble after alll

Kiss Me Goodbye Is not trying to point
out social relevancies. or make political
statements. It‘s just a good. light movie
that's worth the trip for a change of pace in
the afternoon or a break from studying on a
Monday night. When the dead of winter
has got you down. and the temperatures
have driven you to hibernation. go on.
throw on that scarf and hike down to this
movie. You’ll come out with a smile on
your face and a glow in your belly that
you'll never even feel the cold on the way
home.'».“‘ ' i, ii

 

9a

 

 

