  

 

Fighting resumes In Beirut

Belrut,Lebanon
(AP) lsraeli soldiers and Arab guerrillas fought in the
streets of Beirut. leaving one lsraeli soldier and three
civilia‘ns dead. and lsrael charged the ambush was launched
from an area supposedly under US. Marine control.

in Tokyo. U.S. Secretary of State George Shullz said
Sunday that "some very considerable differences of opi-
nion" probably will but a quick breakthrouglt in talks aim-
ed at withdrawing lsraeil troops from Lebanon.

The talks resume Monday in the Beirut suburb Khaldc.
with' Lebanon resisting israeli demands for early-warning
stations. in Lebanese territory to prevent further guerrilla
attacks across israel's northern border.

Christian and Druse Moslem militiamen traded artillery
barragcs east of Beirut Sunday. rcsttlting in the first shelling
of the capital since israel stopped its lteavv bombing after
the PLO agreed to evacuate the bulk of its guerilla force
from the capital late last summer.

Guerrillas antbushed'att lsraeli patrol in southern Beirut
with rockets ttnd autontatic wettpons fire Sunday. ttnd
lsracli officials said an lsracii soldier was killed attd four
were wouttdcd in tlte‘attack. 'l‘he lsraelis retaliated with
machine-gun and tattk l‘irc. attd tltrcc civilians were killed.
Lebanese officials said.

The Lebattese National Resistance Front ciaittted respon-
sibility for the antbuslt and vowed to “continue the armed
strttggle until every ittclt witcrc an isracli soldier stands is'
liberated.“ Tlte I'ront supports tltc Palestine Liberation
Organization.

Wiretaps found in Irish Gov’t.

Dublin, Ireland
(AP) it's been dttbbcd “Lifl'eygutc” after the muddy rivcr
tltat flows through Dublin.

liut the disclosures of bugging and wiretaps carried ottt
durittg the administration of fortner Prime Mittistcr Charles
Haugltey have raised questions ttot only about the way he
governed bttt about the moral clintate of a cotuttry where
Tammany Hall-style politics are a tradition.

Conor Cruise O‘Brien, a fornter cabinet minister attd
now a political colttntnist. said that dttring Haugltcy‘s two
terms in office. “to say that our dcntocracy was . . . in
danger is no piece of idle rhetoric. but sober fact."

Haughcy. a ﬂamboyant 57-ycar-old millionaire. is head
of Fianna Fall. the republic's largest political party. it was
toppled Nov. i by a no-coniidencc vote in Parliament attd
replaced by a Fittc Gael-Labor coalition.

it was the Fine Gael government of Prime MiniSIcr Gar-
ret FitzGerald that disclosed the bugging of two journalists
— political correspondent Geraldine Kennedy of The Sun-
day Press and Bruce Arnold. a columnist for The indepen-
dent and a good friend of FitzGerald‘s.

Haughey's former deputy premier. Ray MacSharry. and
cx-Justice Minister Sean Dolterty. the two close Haughey
aides who masterminded the bugging. resigned front Fian-
na Fail’s leadership Jan. 22.

National Police Commissioner Patrick McLaughlin attd
his deputy. Joseph Ainswotlt. a Haughey appointee
nicknamed “two-gun Joe" because he carries two pistols.
also were forced to retire because of tltcir involvement in
the scandal.

“Death Angel” spotted

Viennaminstria
(AP) Dr. Josef Mcngele, the infamous World War it
“Death Angel" of the Auschwitz concentration camp. was
spotted living in a Mennonite community in northern
Paraguay late last year. the office of Nazi hunter Simon
Wiesenthal said today.

The residents of the town. near the border of Paraguay
and Bolivia. believed Mcngele was a refugee and did not
realize the seriousness of the crimes for which he is sought.
a secretary in Wiesenthai's office said.

“They unwittingly give him shelter." she said. The
secretary. who insisted on anonymity. said Wiesenthal was
out of town and refused to say where he could be reached.

She confirmed a Newsweek magazine report that quoted
the Nazi hunter as saying that the people in the Mennonite
town where he spotted Mcngele were reluctant to turn him
over to police. "The Mennonites believe in justice after
death." he was quoted as saying in the magazine's Feb. 7
issue.

Wiesenthal. who has his headquarters here. accuses
Mcngele of being responsible for the deaths of 150,000
cltildren itt the Auschwitz camp of Poland. Auschwitz stir-
vivors say Mcngele conducted sadistic operations on in-
mates and selected those who were to die in the gas
chambers.

Last year. Wiesenthal doubled the reward for informa-
tion leading to Mcngic's arrest to $l00.000. He said last
week that he has come close to tracking down the 71-year-
old fornter Nazi on at least five occasions.

Budget goes to Congress

Washington, D. C.
(AP) The federal budget President Reagan once promised
to put into the black ofﬁcially went to Congress Monday
drenched in $189 billion of red ink — double the previous
record proposed deﬁcit. ' ~

 

 

 

SASU wants you

Tltcrc will be a student government general interest
meeting Wednesday, February 2 at 4 pm. at the SA of-
fice on the first floor of the Campus Center.

it will be a chance to get to know student government
leaders. Central Council and SASU delegates. as well as
an opportunity to voice your opinions and learn what the
issues are concerning the new administration and their
proposals to increase the costs of attending SUNYA.

For further information contact Mike Hagcrty or Deb-
bie DeMareo at 457-8087 or 455-6687. or stop by the SA
office.

 

Wait now, pay later

Last day for late registration and drop/add is today
from 9 u.tn. to 7 jun. lit the Campus Center Assembly
Hall. if you miss it today folks. there will be a $20 fee so
ltttrry on over anti wait itt line.

Winning buyers

The lucky winners of the Barnes attd Noble bttyback
drawing ltavc been announced. The winners are: first
prize Sim—Mary Allen. second prize $50—Aian Traiger.
amt third prize $25—Datticl Nacltbar.

Stat chat

An upcoming Statistics Colloquium. sponsored by the
SUNYA Department of Mathematics and Statistics. will
take place on Wednesday. February 2. and will feature
guest speaker Herutan Clterttoff front the Massachusetts
ittstitttte of Technology.

This colloquium. the second in a series planned for the
spring semester. will be held at 3:45 p.m. in the Earth
Science building. room 140. Refreshments are to be serv-
ed beforc the colloquium at 3:15 pm. itt Earth Science
room 152

Reagan's record $845.5 billion spending plan for fiscal
l984 calls for a l4 percent jump in military spending and a
freeze at ttcar I983 spending levels for the remainder of the
budget. And. although an economic forecast accompany-
ing the budget predicts an unusually slow recovery with
unemployment staying above to percent into 1984. the
president is ruling out any job-creating public works pro-
grams.

As advance copies of the budget reached some congres-
sional offices Sunday. Democratic and Republican leaders
said Reagan will face strong opposition to his prOposed cuts
in social programs. omission of a job creation program, a
$30 billion boost for defense and a contingency plan for tax
increases beginning in the fall of i985. “There will be a
bipartisan effort to protect" social programs from deeper
cttts. said Rep. Dan Rostenkowski (D-ill.). chairman of the
,House Ways and Means Committee. “i also think there
will be a bipartisan effort to cut defense spending."

Sen. Pete V. Domenici. chairman of the Senate Budget
Committee. added: “From my standpoint i believe we can
find some additional savings" in the defense budget. “And
i am rather confident the Congress can find some addi-
tional savings."

Overall. Reagan‘s budget for the fiscal year beginning
next Oct. 1 calls for a $43.3 billion increase in spending
from l983. Nearly three-quarters of that would go to the
Pentagon and ntost of tile rest would be absorbed by ltigltcr
interest payments on the nation's ballooning debt, now
$1.2 trillion and climbing.

Super Bowl sparks brawl

Buffalo. N. Y.
(AP) A man was killed by a littrry of shots iii the hallway of
his home early Monday in what detectives said was the ap-
parent result of a tavern brawl during a Super Bowl party
Sunday night.

Detectives said Roy White. 27. was sltot at least four
times and possibly as many as eight. He was pronounced
dead at Mercy Hospital 20 minutes after the shooting.

White. according to police. became involved in a brawl at

 

 

 

Sexually speaking

‘mtioduction to Natural Family Planning. Fertility
Awareness. and Know Your Body—Respect Yourself are
atnong the topics offered at St. Peters Hospital in Albany
on Friday evening. 8 pm. to 10 pm.

The sessions. which are suitable to college audiences.
are offered by the Family Life information Center. lltc.. a
non-profit agency affiliated with the Roman Catholic
Diocese of Albany and a grantee of the New York State
Department of Health.

For-any further information contact Peggy Furlong at
463-l l76 (days) or 489-0468 (evenings).

Speaking of Scylla...

Morris Abratn. a distinguised lawyer and chairman of
the President’s Commission on Bioethics and Health
Policy will discuss the difficult issues that ltavc con-
frottted the comtnission at a lecture cettter this Wednes.
day. February 2. at 7:30.

Tltc lecture. “Navigating Between Scylla attd Ciiill'yh-
dis: The Hard Choices of the President's Comtttission on
Mcdicttl Ethics." will be held itt the Recitttl Hall ol' the
Perforating Arts Center with a reception following.

The lcctttrc is free nttd opctt to tltc public.

Ready references

Information frottt over fifty bibliograpltic attd nott-
bibliographic online data bases spattttittg the sciences.
social sciences. ttnd humanities is available to SUNYA
students. faculty. attd staff. Utilizing commercial Cltlllv
puters. located as ttettr as Latltant attd as far away as Palo
Alto. Califorttia. the information Retrieval Unit of the
Library has the ability to produce bibliographies or lists of
citations to books. journal articles. research reports. and
oteltr materials. attd retrieve sotttc statistical attd
biographical information.

if you are interested in this service, discuss yout
rescareit needs with the librarians at tltc reference desk.

A brochure describing the information Retrieval Scr-
vicc. including a list of available data bases and costs. is
available at the reference desk for graduate or
undergraduate students.

For fttrtlter information contact Anne Roberts at
457-4625.

Community oriented unite

The Comttttmity Services program will ltavc a man-
datory orientation Tuesday. February 1 at 8 pm. itt i.(‘
lit for everyone who signed up for the Cotntnttttity Ser-
vices Program.

For further information. contact Hedi McKinley. Ul.ll
660. 45-7-8347 or 457-8948. I

 

a tavern Sunday shortly before midnight. “By the time uc
got there, the combatants were gone attd tltc bartender was
closing up early." said'Police Lt. Patrick Stafford.

L'ater, investigators said. White was reported seen with a
baseball bat in the neighborhood of another tttatt involved
in the brawl. Detectives said he apparently was “looking
for somebody." About two hours later. police said. While
went home and loaded his own handgun.

“He was expecting to find trouble." an investigator said.
but it found him first. “He went to look out his front door.
leaving his own gun behind. That's when they got him in
the front hallway." Police said White's girlfriend lteard tltc
shots and found the body. They said she didn‘t see the gun»
man.

Bush pushes for peace

Bonn, West Ger/mutv

(AP) Acknowledging that the NATO allies have “dill
ferenccs" on arms policy. Vice President George Buslt met
with top West German officials Monday in art effort to
bolster their resolve to deploy new US. nuclear missiles
next witttcr.

in this first meeting. Bush ate breakfast with Forciié”
Minister Hans-Dietrich Genschcr. one of the Bontt leaders
who met Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko on hi5
recent visit to drtttn up support for Moscow's nuclear arms
policy.

Bush. who arrived Sunday night at the start of a 12~dat
tour. told reporters lie was on a mission to "maintain the
Peace" in the face of “external threats." He said lte would
consult on arms policy with leaders of six North Atlantic
Treaty Organization nations — West Germany. the
Netherlands. Belgium, ltaly. France and Britain. He also
will visit Switerland.

‘1‘! am confident that my discussions with our allies will
aiit‘rm our uttity on a policy that has given us the longest
period of uninterrupted peace in Europe for more titan a
century." lte said.

' Before leaving Washington. Buslt said his trip would
focus on the U.S.-Soviet negotiations on intermediate-
rilnBC nuclear weapons. now under way in Geneva.

 

 

 

.,.-. -... own"-.. .. 0..."... "nu—um —- '

FEBRUAR Y I, 1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Code ’3 attack of SA SU gets statewide notice

 

By Robert Gardinler
and Beth Brlnser

STA FF WRITERS

 

A mixture of reactions from SASU of-
ficials across the state have resulted from
the charges of inadequacy leveled at the
group by fermer SASU Vice-President of
Campus Affairs. Randi Goda.

Goda's three page letter. outlining her ex-
tensive grievances with SASU was
distributed to SUNY student governments
and campus medias last month amid

charges that Ooda exercised authority she

Mot have when she mailed the letters.

Coda charged .ln her letter that SASU
maintains an attitude of patriarchal sexism.
does not recruit minority students. and has
a lack of communication within the group
and when dealing with the student body.

Goda further charged that SASU has an
“elitist attitude." and tends to be uh-
cooperatlve. “i just wanted to bring some
things to people's attention so that they will
be aware of where their money is going."
she said.

SASU President Jim Teirney countered
Goda's charges of patriarchal sexism by

 

LAURA BOSTICK UPS

Former SASU Vice President of Campus Affairs Randi Goda
SASU has a “a communications problem, and does not recruit minorities. "

Sex harassment
charge aimed at
male student by

Alden woman

B Liz ReICh
STAFF ll’lt‘lle'R

 

A SUNYA student was arrested at 5:l5
am. Saturday. Jan. 23. after allegedly sex-
ually harassing a female studcttt in Draper's
Alden Hall. according to university police.

Martin Hogan. ll. of 8l7 Washington
Ave.. Albany. was charged with sexual
abuse in the first degree. a felony. following
an incident in the victim‘s room.

According to Assistant Director of
Public Safety John Henighan. Hogan was
apparently intoxicated when ltc gained ac»
cess to the room and awoke the woman on
ltcr bed. “She struggled with him. talked to
him. and he finally let her leave tltc room."
Henighan declined to give further details.
saying. “tlte sordid details are not germane
to the case." The woman’s name is'being
witheld by police.

“The guy definitely wettt in through the
door." maintained Henighan.“ltc was too
drunk to go in through the window." Since
the intruder did not ltave a key, Henighan
felt the door was probably left unlocked.
Despite this. the woman blunted Hogan's
ctttry on a faulty lock. .

Henighan stressed that sexual harassment
is any sexual offense other titan forced in~
Icrcoursc. or rape. “Although it was ttot
rape." said Henighan. “wlto knows wltat
would have ltappettcd if she hadn’t guitctt
ottt of tlterc. Site was able to tnaittlain lter
cotttposure."

I'logau’s attorney. Steven Coffey. said,

 

 

 

 

 

“i don't want to prejudice the case by talk-
ing about it. but it was inappropriate for
Henigltan to talk about rape when rape was
ttot charged." Coffey said Hogan will "ah-
solutely not plead guilty.” He did call the
incident. "unfortunate." and said a trial
date itas not been set.

The university has not taken any action
against Hogan. according to Assistant Dean
of Student Affairs Alicc Corbin. “The ar-
resting officer and any persons involved in
the incident as victims have the option to
refer the person to the campus judicial
system." site said. "We ltave not received
any referrals but it is entirely possible we
will.”

Dean of Student Affairs Neil Brown ex-
pressed ltis concertt that the incident hap-
petted but said lte was pleased that it was
ltattdled very promptly. He said the case is
being reviewed in detail.

Hogatt declined to comment in detail
about his ittvolvctttcttt itt the incident. He
said. “To my knowledge sltc (the victim) is
18 years old."

The woman's lawyer. Patti Der Oltattnc-
sian. of the District Attorney's office was
unavaiiablc for comment. l'l

 

remarding. “We live in a sexist society

where women's rights should be important;

at least we (SASU) try to deal with the pro-
blem."

Sharon Donnelly. who is SUNY-
Binghamton's SASU delegate in a school
where both representatives are women,
agreed with some of Goda's charges.

"All organizations have their difficulties.
Some of Randi's grievances are right."
Donnelly said.

However. Donnelly added that site con-
sidered Goda's statement of “patriarchal
sexism" to be too general and neither
positive nor constructive enouglt to be ef-
fectivc.

An examination of the composition of
the SASU Board of Directors indicates that
of the titirteen present members front
around the state. seven are men and five are
womett. There is one tninority represen-
tative front SUNYA.

Steve Lynch. SASU delegate front
SUNY-Buffalo which has one tttalc attd two
female delegates. ltud to agree with Goda's
charge that SASU has a communication
problem.

Regarding affirmative action. Lynch ad-
ded. “At prescttt we ltave no delegate work-
ittg for minority issues.” He also r..ctttioucd
that the administration at Buffalo has
rigorously supported the need for more
minorin ittput on campus affairs.

Dottrtclly insisted that there was no lack
of communication at Buffalo between
SASU attd students. "l attend dorttt
meetings and oflleatnpus group meetings to
find ottt what's goittg on attd contribute."
site said.

Albany's SA President. Mike Corso.
believed that (ioda's letter “belittlcs ltcr
credibility immensely. it (the letter) was ot
constructive. That's the major problem."
Corso continued to cotttntcrtt that lie fell
the letter was unfair as well as‘ counter-
productive.

SASU ntctttbers ltavc also questioned
witctltct' Goda used SASU's paper. stamps.
attd mailing lists it.) sent out iter letter well
after site had stopped working for the
grottp.

According to SASU Vice-President Scott
Wexler. Goda gave ltcr official letter of
resignation to office secretary Sue
Arsencaux itt the beginning of December

    

w A ‘ > ALAN GALE" UPS
SASU Vice-President Scott Wexler

 

GUI/ll possibly sent letter at SA SU ’.r expense

 

“I just wanted to
bring some things to
people’s attention ”

— Randi Goda

 

with instructions to settd it to all SUNY
schools.

However. Tierney refused to allow,thc
letter to be mailed at SASU‘s cxpettsc. say-
ittg that it would be presented to tltc Board
of Director's meeting in January.

According to (iodtt. Arscncaux. wlto
stopped working for SASU itt Dcccnther
ltad gone ahead and mailed the letter
attyltow.

“When we returned in January." said
Wexler. “we found that tile letter was mail-
ed on SASU stationary and possibly SASU
postage. We noticed mailing labels attd
envelopes missing." he said.

According to Ticrttcy the issue of the
possible illegal use of SASU facilities by
(ioda is ttot an important issttc attd one lte
does not feel needs to be discussed. [3

Former student to be sentenced
on sexual misconduct charges

By Debbie l’rofela
.-l.\SUl'IvI I'E NI?” 8 I'll/TUR
A fortncr SUNYA student will be
sentenced Feb. 10 after pleading guilty to
sexual misconduct charges itt Guilderland
Town Court. Dec. 30. l982. according to
Public Dcfcttdcr Eugene Dcvirte.
Twenty-one year-old Patrick R. Harrisott
of Brooklytt.wlto lived on lndiart Quad.
l503 Mohawk Tower last sentester. was ar-
rested by University Police on Nov. 2‘).attd
charged with first degree rape. first degree
sodomy. and unlawful itnprisontttent.ac-

 

The arrangement was “nothing
other titan a normal plea
bargain ”

—— Public Defender
Eugene Devine

 

cording to Assistant Director of Public
Safety. .loltn Henighan '

The charges stettt front a Nov. 20 attack
on an 18-year-old SUNYA woman which
occurred in Harrison's room. said
Henighan. lie also added that Harrison arid
the victim were acquainted.

The charges agaittst Harrison were rcduc«
cd. said Devinc. due to insufficient
cvidcttcc. Tltcrc is “nothing uncontnton"
about such occutanccs. maittlaincd the
public defettdct. "The guy was never itt
trouble with tltc law.(bcforc).” Because of
this, attd what Dcvine cttllctl weaknesses in
the District Attorncv's case. tllc charges

were reduced by pica bargaining.

, Devittc asserted the arrangement was
“ttotlting other titan a normal plea bargain
which 0Ccurs during a criminal case. the
same as any other case."

“The wltolc case ttcvcr fttily went to
trial.“ added Dcvine. "To the best of my
knowledge. the girl ttcvcr testified."

University Police learned of the attack
tltruuglt referral of another source attd “a
few days after the cvcttl was filed."
Henighan dcclitted to elaborate on the
tpccifics of obtaining suclt inforntation.

However. a source at tlte University
Police said tltc titnc lapse between the day
of the attack and the actual arrest may lte
due to a combination of circumstances. As
Hcttighatt stated, the report was ttot filed
for two days. Following this. “the victim
tnust be contacted attd other elements of the
case investigated." The source added that
lie Thanksgiving vacation delayed police
investigation cvett fttrtltcr.

Dean of Student Affairs Neil Brown CK-
plained that “all decisions rcgardittg the
case were made by the victittt. police and
myself with tttttclt dottc out of concern for
the victint."

Brown also said that Harrison has been in
jail since ltis arrest. Furthermore. Harrison
"has witltdrawn front the university totally.
ttttd if lte reapplies. this (situation) needs to
be resolved before ltc cart be rcadtttittcd."

According to Dcvittc. l-larrisott has been
remanded to the Albany County Jail attd
bail has been set for $20,000. wltcrc lie is
awaiting sentencing. Due to a busy
schedule. Devine said ltc will seek an ad-
journment tttttil February 24. Harrison
faces a tttaximutn of ottc ycat' imprison-
ment. ii

.. “at. .4 . n .. w w m... -

 

 

 

 

