 

 

 

E D

 

ITORl

 

 

mg  ’ '

 

fter last week's press briefing on the state
A budget, Gov. Cuomo took a minute to explain
V . the process the Division of.Budget and his of-
*= ‘ fice go through to compose the budget. He carefully

; described how the DOB goes through the budget line
by line, trying to equitably distribute New York
State's funds among the competing departments. He
7, said _that no part of ,the budget escapes careful
.: scrutiny.

if this is true, then the only reason Cuomo could
have allowed the state's subsidy level to SUNY cam-
pu_s presidents‘ housing to continue while drastically
raising the room rent SUNY students pay is because
he wanted it that way. He must be aware that the
state is subsidising housing for campus ad-
ministrators at a rate obscenely above that subsidis-
ing student housing.

Mario Cuomo seems to be an intelligent,
thoughtful man. He gives the impression that what
he says is what he believes, and he appears to be a
truely honest politician.

However, this apparent contradiction makes his
claims of candor seem mistimed, if not misstated.
Hts rationale for subjecting SUNY to the largest tui-
tion, fee and room rent increases in its history com-
bined with the largest staff reductions ever was that
the state's financial crisis was so severe that even
priorities like higher education must be drastically
reduced — but perks like low-rent housing remain
untouched.

Providing a house for university presidents is a
long-standing. almost universal tradition that
. Cuomo has decided to retain. Providing an ac-
: ccssable, low-cost quality higher education is a tradi-

zr'wrsﬁ..;...-W W- _ _ ,

 Let them eat State

tion that New York has been building for 20 years,
but Cuomo's budget will to end that tradition in a
single fiscal year. There’s nothing wrong with keep-
ing up the tradition of the “president's house," but it
looks rather aristocratic to do so when students are
facmg severely increased costs for a comprbmised
education. ‘ .

lf Cuomo's budget planners had really carefully
examined the budget, they would have noticed this
imbalance and made their fee increases and service
cuts more equitable. They appear to have Sloppin
slashed at parts of the SUNY budget, and passed
over others. if so, their claims of a lack of rcvcniic
and carefulbudgetingjustdon'tstand. i 1

Creative financing

he snow drifted in yesterday, again, and peo-

l ple stuck indoors dug for new topics to

discuss, heping to, avoid cabin fever. Two

ideas kept cropping up, and both reﬂect the most
pressing issues many students are facing.

The first is the State University budget. Cuomo
says that the state budget must be cut and that in-
come taxes can’t be raised. This means SUNY gets
drastically cut and tuition and other costs are increas—
ed. The second is the current dryness of the recrea-
tional drug market -— especially marijuana, the most
popular illicit recreational drug. \

With increased enforcement of laws forbidding
cannabis, the supply on the street has been reduced.
Consumers of the common herb have been complain-
ing about the high prices marijuana has been selling
at, and many have fantasized about solutions to their
frustrations. Some have connected the issues, and
have come up with a solution to both problems.
Their suggestion is the regulated legalization of mari-

juana.

it would work something like this: The state would
sell the newly-legalized eannibis at rates now com-
mon, and use the revenue to finance what taxes used
to. Without having to woiry about all the expenses
and dangers importers now face, the state would be
able to sell marijuana at prices many times the cost of
importing. Many tens of millions could be raised,
and even better, the state would be cut expenditures
in some areas. Because fewer people would be com-
mitting crimes, fewer prison cells would be needed.
Money poured into drug enforcement could be
reallocated into more pressing areas of criminal
justice, such as combatting crimes of violence.

This kind of sin tax would also satisfy the cori-
sumer and the taxpayer. Consumers would havu
their product easily accessible, and taxpayers would
have their rates eased. It is a pipe dream, perhaps,
but one that could stave off the state's financial
crisis.

We, of course, deplore any use of illegal drugs. i

 

 

 c o L u M

 

N

 

 

Why does the United States not work in Central

America? This is a many sided question bttt it does have a

central tltciiie -— if the tide of history in Central America

. 7 has anything to tell of our involvement in this region, it is

_ that our presence has not only not been enjoyed, it has con-

. tinually been actively fought. Why is it that America still in-

volvcs itself where it is not wanted? This takes some ex-
», plaining.

L.S. Lane

,' As it is well known, most of Central America was settled

. 4.”.

 

 

 

by the Spanish. Their rule was exploitive, mainly finding

the gold :1 reasonable incentive to remain. But by the early

l9th century they had gone, leaving a power vacuum. Many

groups tried to fill this, but none were experienced enough

7 or strong enough to hold~the reins of power for very long.

r Anarchy prevailed. The Utiited States observed all this and,

feeling that it had the stability to run its country, felt it

should bring stability to Central America (also it saw ripe

n markets and resources). Britian and France saw things

along similar lines. A strong military rule soon took hold in

all the nations —— right wing, cruel, harsh at time, and

 ~ disliked by the people. But no one group in these countries

. a} I could hold up against the usually better armed ruling body,
i

v *M..

especially once the American military muscle had its
presence known. But what America has never understood is
that this is not a natural way for these nations to be. They
may not lash out initially, but the desire is always there.
Supporting an unpopular dictatorship never succeeds for
very long, and the waves are only that much greater when it
is not surprising that these Central American revolutions
take on a Marxist air either —— if they wish to push an un-
wanted dictatorship out, it takes more than a ﬁrm grip and
a strong heart (especially in this super-power day and age)
— it takes money and arms, and it is usually the poor and
the oppressed who have the most to gain from these
movements. These countries typically have rich minorities
and overweimingly poor majorities, with the discrepancy of
wealth being extremely sharp, so they turn to whomever
will give them money. Castro, today's symbol in Central
America of a successful revolutionary, turned first to the
U.S. whose revolution is the world symbol of the overthrow
.9 of despotism, but he was turned away. These revolutionary
 figures, such as Castro in Cuba. the Sandinistas in
‘ Nicaragua, and the revolutionaries in El Salvador, and
their followers, are not dissatisfied passingly, this a burn-
ing desire, and if a Marxist-Leninist following will give
them the means to succeed, then they will accept that
ideology. But by accepting this ideology, these revolutions
are seen as Communist movements and the U.S. policy of
containment now takes effect. As long as the right-wing
leaders rcmain anti-communist, we feel it is our duty to
support them against these revolutions. But it is net an af-
linity to Communism which drives these revolutions, it is

'

 

 Unwanted intervention

praguatism for a socialized way of life, hopefully bcttcr.

Socialism tnust be separated from Communism to fully
understand this — lsracl, Britain, Sweden. and China are
socialist states, but only China is communist. Socialism on-
ly means the people have a more equalized share because
the government does a lot of the controlling of prices and
production. This is goodtevcn the U.S. has it bit of this). it
is when it is seen as Communist that the U.S. begins to
worry. .

Nicaragua, which overthrew its leader Somoza'in 1978, is
a country led by Marxists. This is not to say the
Nicaraguans arc Communists; for the first time they may
have a real sense of democracy. Somoza, and his father,
were far froin liberal men —the atrocities under these men
are far beyond the occuranccs today. The same situation
occured with Batiste in Cuba. The needs of the people are
not answered, growing day after day, until a revolution
finally explodes violently. The U.S.. because of its affilia-
tion with the dictatorship, is automatically disliked, and we
suffer enormously. Because of the way these right wing
leaders act, the simple fact that they are not communists
doesn‘t make them dem0cratic. In a sense, these countries
must become communist to become democratic. At least
more of the people live better lives. Things in these coun-
tries arc not all wonderful, there are still killings and people

thrown in jail — this has been the way for the majority ol
their history — but there is it lot less than before, under the
right-wing leaders. Nicaragua, Cuba, and lil Salvador will
not be returned to leaders we can tiiimipulatc; these the
popular revolutions, iitidcr the banner of Marxism but real—
ly lvlarxisth‘or Central Americans not Russian Marxism. it
is not something till Anglo-Saxon American, in the lap oi
the most powerful utid wealthiest cotiiitry iii the world, can
totally understand.

We have u lot at stake in Central America. it is in our
sphere of interest and military security. it has resources wc
want and need, and which we have ugrcctibly used for close
to one hundred years, but for its to get to them we must
have an agreeable political situation which is popular with
the people. it would he'to our advantage to rcmain outside
these internal situations; let the people's choicc rule. There
is as little chance of Russian rigging of elections as there
should be of American rigging of elections. Central
American politics is none of ottr business — these people do
not want foreign influence — they only really want their
leadership by their people, Central America for the Central
Americans. if this could occur, an environment of trust and
safety. would make Central Americans more receptive to
American corporations and technology, a precurser to a
UnitetLAmerica, North, Central, and South. 1 l

 

   

 
 
  

l DON'T BEGRUDGE
‘iOU YOUR PAY RiilSE,
MR. CDMWAN

  
    
 

 
    
  

 

 
 
    
 
   

we LL
Resizitgcri
QUlggiiON! A ﬁre“

 

    
   
 

    
 
  
  
 

TELL lilM E TELL H it
WE‘RE DOlNCi A 59?th 

 
 

QUESTION

 

'Utnti trri rr:tiui'.iii» MOW

 

 

 

4:“. .k » rm,

.. . r a“
:nghwremw- . .

 

T T E

R S

 

 

 

Knowledgeable thief

To the Editor: A

There have been a series of robberies in the men's locker
room of the Physical Education Building in the past few
weeks that i think people should be aware of. At least five
people that i know of, and perhaps twice as many as that,
have been the victims of a resourceful theif who is able to
open combination locks with apparent case, and then
remove the contents of wallets or the wallets themselves.
Lockers have been found ajar with the lock still intact, or
closed with the lock jammed due to some device that was
apparently used to open them. in all cases wallets or their
contents were miSslng. '

Several students, it faculty member, and members of the
men‘s basketball team have all been victims of these crimes
which have been happening since the Christmas break.
They seem to be the work of a knowledgeable thief. Could
it possibly be the same persons(s) who broke into six parts in
the lndian Quad parking lot last semester by punching
pinholes beneath the doorlocks and inserting some kitid of
tool to unlatch the doors? ’

Whateverrthe case may be, i would like to issue this war-
ning to users of the men's locker room: Don't leave any
wallets or valuables in your lockers if at all possible,
because even when securely locked with a combination
lock, they are not safe.

Hopefully, Campus Security will make an attempt to
discourage these thefts and perhaps find the responsible
party, and l would encourage anyone who might have in-
formation or suspicions to inform Campus Security.

With a little more awareness, maybe we cati be rid of
this problem.

—l’eter Forward

Plus and minus

To The Editor:

My fellow students, countrymen ctc,, l was recently
looking in my mtiilbox(n couple of weeks ago i believe),
when I noticed the small, white, four by five piece of paper,
generally regarded its the paper that licld one-eighth of my
college career in its ttdhcsivcly creased depths. Yes, my
grades had arrived. As utiy normal, concerned student
would i put the little, l'ukc Xeroxdypc envelope on the table
where it would be safe from tiiy trctnbling hands.

Having watched it tlicic for several tiiiiiittes, waiting for
it to reveal soiiicthitig about its contents in a Mr. Rogers
kind of way, i ripped it open-Pandora's box rcvisitctl. As
my eyes coursed the sheet 1 began to run aroud the kitclicn
screaming fottl and giittcrnl verbiage directed towiids so»
niconc's motlicr, till the titiie simulating uii ltidiitti i'tiin-
dance that I had seen oti t.v. once. Without I'C‘r'Cillillg my
record to the whole SUNYA community, let me say lllill l
was a little upset. Lct tiic say that l wits more than it little
upset, l was goddamn incctised.

You see, we here at SUNYA, ut'c privilcdgcd to have ati
A,B,C,l),E, grading system, to the exclusion of pluses and
tniiittses. Why is it| that the University at Albany is the only
SUNY school that does not use pluses in its grading system?
in two of my courses I earned an average of eighty-eight,
yet still received a B. i am not purporting that l dcservcd an
A in these courses, however, i felt it unjust that i didn‘t
receive anything diffcrctit than the sluderit who had ati
average of eighty. When we both go for our job interviews
upon graduation from this fitic institution, ottr prospcctive
employer will only see that we both received a B. He will
htive no knowledge of the fact that my work in the course
was practically a whole grade higher.

I spent much time attempting to figtirc out why the

school administration insists on using this archaic for of
grading. Prchaps, i thought, the school wishes to «place
greater emphasis on learning, rather than the com-
pctitiveness thatcomplexgrading systems breed. The unfor-
tunate reality is however, that the job market is extremely
competitive. and I think SUNYA students deserve the same
advantage that their competitlon enjoys.

A student's GPA at Blnghamton may be a 3.25. while a
student at SUNY Albany has a 3.0, when they've both
achieved the same levei'of work. On my SUNYA resume
the prospective employer will not read 'We here at Albany
place an emphasis on learning, and that is why we continue
to employ a vague grading system.’

Too often, we as studctits stand idly by in a state of
apathy, never questioning the administrative functions and
procedures that may have a significant impact on our
future. We are the consumers of this corporation named
SUNY Albany. Without us, the University would not exist.
Don't you think we slioid have a say in issues that will cf-
l'cct our future? if I achieve anything at this University, it
will be the iiistitutiou of a fairer grading system, so that the
future students of the University at Albany will enjoy an
equal competitive edge with students from the majority of
American institutions of higher learning, when searching
for a job. i would greatly welcome any response front both
fellow students and SUNYA faculty and personnel.

—Mtitt Chine

Tootsie transcends

To the Editor:

I would like to take issue with Rob O'Connor's review of
Tootsie on Feb. 1. Tootsie is not a “feminist film that
males can relate to“ nor is it a “political statement." It is
not the case that nieti “gain indirectly by increasing their
appreciation of women.“ Riitlicr, Tootsie transcends these
notions to the human experience we cart all relate to equal-
ly. Tootsie exemplifies the duality that exists within
everyone. Audrogytiy, being both male and female, often-
times expressed in literature, is the successful clement por-
trayed by Dustin l‘loffmun. He is able to tune into feelings
of femininity and masculinity sitiitilttineously and resolve.
them witliottt conflict, but with enhancement of his ovcrttll
sclllundcrstutiding. llis pcrforiiiutice highlights the
stereotyped pitfalls and advantages that man utid woman
cxpcricncc, btit Icios in on thc rctil trials facing both sexes.
by examining these feelings llofl‘mtiri communicates to iticii
and women that it is “().l\'." to put oii the “other guy's"
shoes and further, that the feelings identified with one sex
or the other are not necessarily incompatible. i think the
statement here is relevant not only to feminists, but also to
anyone who appreciates the liciglitciicd tiwtii‘ctics tliltl
l'iilt'illiiicut that only comes from exploring what is inside
us.

—l)onnu (‘. Corwln

Not a love story

To the Editor:

i am writing to make people aware of ti film that will
begin ruiitiiiig of Friday, February 4, I983 at the Cinema 7
Theater iii l..uthani. The film is called Not A Love Story —
it is an antipornographic documentary that discusses the ex-
tent and growth of pornography and its resultant effects on
our society. 1 found the film to be personally disturbing and
thought provoking.

The film was produced by the National Film Board of
Canada, arid is narrated by such well-known feminists as
Kate Millet (Sexual Politics) and Susan Griffin. It includes
discussion by a number of other male and female specialists
in the field. The film is very graphic, as it shows actualporn

 

 

;

EIIIDUI’Ilﬂ in 1918

Dean Butt, Editor In Ctr/at
Waynl Pureboom, Executive Edilar
Mark unnor, Managing Edilar

   
    
   
     
   
 

 

MINI Editor , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,.Tarl Kaplowltz
Auoelllo News Editor! .Dobolo Judge. Dob Protein
ASPeaII Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Dobbin Mlllman
Mloollto ASPeeII Editor . . Moon" 6- Taylor
Sound Editor ... .. Robert Schneider
Vlllon Editorl. Gull Murroll, Dumlnn VanDonburnh
Bportl Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . Marc Haapal
Alloolltu apart: Editor Marc Sctiwnrz
Editorial Page: Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Llaa strain
Copy Editor: . . . . . . .. Nancy Dtmtartka, David L.L. Laekln
Contributing Edtiur . . . . . , , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Mark Hammond

Editorial Aunt-nil: Bob Gurdliitut. Anthony stlbcr, Sin" wrltarl: Gina
Atmnti. Suzanna Abate, Howard Bunch. tittt Brewster. Both Dunner. Kan Can-
tor. trocoy Carmlchanl, Andruw Carroll. Hubnrt~Krinnuttt Dickey, Bltl Fischer.
Barty Gallnur, Robert Gordon, Stove Goutiut,Chartua M. Ground. Stniiiion In-
latd. Amy Ktlgua. Dentaa Knight, Iltaa Lavina. Donna MachtIan, Crato Marks,
David Mtclinolson, ttnn Ntaaan. Laura Ntiau. Matt Nichole. Bob O'Brlan, Rob
O'Connor, Catt Patkn, Karon Ptrorrl. Phil Plvnlck. Ltndii Quinn, Ltz Butch, nan-
Lty Both. Ellun Sautasluro, Lynnn Slonol. Llaanna SDkOlOWﬂltl, Aluri Soinktn,
Motln Ulun, Mark Wllnnrd, Spectrum and Evnntl Editors: Honl Glttabatu, Kun
Dornbnuni

Bonnll Btuvanl, Dustnaair Manager
I Hcdy Brodor, Anaaclala Businntta Manager
Sunn Hartman. Advurlialng Mirnugur
Jutin Trulano, Satire Munrrgur
_________._______._—-——————-——"—“

 

  
 
 
 

Billlno Aceountantc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . ,. . Karon Surdoll. Judy Toroi
Payroll Supervisor .. . ... . .. Arlano Kallowltz
Oltico Co-ordlnator . . . . Jonnllor Bloch

 

Ctnnlllod Man-oar.. . . . . . . ..M|cl<oy Frank
Composition Manager. . . . . . . Mullasu Wnasormnn
Advortlllna Sal": Polar Forward, Mtko Krotinor. Gregg Hall. Noll Suaaman.
Advent-inn Production Manager: Mindy Horowitz. Advortlllnu Production:
Handae Bohar. Jane Hirsch. Mlchallo Horowitz, Julie Mark, Elluan Slavln,
Rhonda Wotl. Ollch SII”: Gay Parties

 

Jack (Juquall DuuehI-a, Product/arr Manager

 

Chlcl Typouttar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,. Cullilo Ryan
VerllellCImera . . . . .. . .. .... Bill Bortlllri
Panto~up: Catt Morroll. Pally Mltchnll. Typlltl: Bill Baunoy, Erica D'Adiimo,
Mury Duppun, Mlckuy Frank, Joanna Gildnralauvo, Elizabeth Hnyman. Ginny
Huber, Mary Alice Ltpka. Mark Walter

   

Supplind principally by University Photo Service. a student group.

Chill Photographer: Davu Arbor. UPS Still: Chuck Burnaloln. Laura Bostlck,
Alan Calirnt. Amy Cohan, Shatry Cohan. David Hanson, Michele Katcham,
Htlnry Lane. Ed Maruiialch. Lola Mnltabonl. Alan Muntlo. Susan Elnlnu Min-
dlcli. David nlvuru, Lian Slnitnona, Erlcn Spolntil, Suna Stnlnltnrnp, Wirrrun
Stout, Jlrn Valentino. Marty Walcoo, Wlll Yurrnirn

Entire anntantl copyright - t It)” Albany Studlni Frau Corporation, all
rights reserved.

The Albany Student Pious lit pittilliilirid fuuaduys anti Frldoytr between
August and June by the Albany Stuitunt Pruuu Corporation, an independent
notrlor-ptollt corporation. .

Ettltorliila are written by tho Editor lti Ohio! with inunihuta til the Editorial
Board; policy in untrich to review by tnu Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not nucuiiantily rulluet editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Altitrny Student Prunn. CC 320
i400 Washington Ave.
Itllinny, NY 12222

 

(hill) 457-!!88213322l330l)
.__._._——-

_,_________,_____._—————

clips and explicit scenes from various sex shops. it looks at
the “latest in porn.” which depicts women as objects of
violence and torture. Discussed. as well, is the effect of
such films on men's roles in our society. The film will be
running for at least one week, and longer if there is a strong
response.

1 was asked to preview the film last week for the Albany
County Rape Crisis Center. The film affected me a great
deal. i found it to be a well done project. It contains both
strong iducational arid consciousness-raising material for
men and women. it is a film that i feel deserves attention
because it portrays a realistic and frightening view on the
increase of violence against women in our culture. i would
recommend that you take someone with you, as it is sure to
provoke a lot of discussion.

—Debra Dettor
Counselor

Gunned emotions

To the Editor:

After reading David Ross' column, "Gunning for con-
trol," i would like to tell him I agree with him in part. i do
agree there exists grave social problems. One does get a
feeling that the social problems he so quietly hinted at
should have been listed. Yet, what is a greater social pro-
bletii than the elderly being robbed at gun point and subse-
quently killed? What is a greater social problem than the
thousands of victims each year from handguns? Surely
unciiiployuicnt utid the recession are national problems.
Yet, these problems cannot be solved when the people who
can contribute to these solutions are beliig decimated with
gun fire. Unless of course Mr. Ross feels shooting an
unemployed worker or tlic recipient of an entitlement pro-
gram helps solve the dual prolilcms of unemployment and
the recession.

in response to Mr. Ross' statistical analysis, nations
which have gun control have remarkably few deaths froui
gun control. lti l97‘), sorry about the hick of current data,
while America was feeling under the weight of over lt),7()0
deaths from llillltl guns, Japan, a nation half the population
of the US had 4R deaths due to hand guns. in that
same year linghuid had eight and Germany 42. One may get
the impression Mr. Ross enjoys twisting statistics to fit his
own right-wing ideology.

l-‘qttnliiig the hail of littiid guns to the prohibition of
alcohol otily intiotliiccs emotions mid noisc into the issue.
The complexity of pi oliihitioti and when it occurred hud lil—
tlc relevance to the hand gun issue more than linlf a century
later. The situations are different. The causes and the
results are different. Only the citiotionnlisms ttrc tltc same,
and those ciiiotioiis fail to solve any of the problems
itssiicitttcd with hand gun usage.

Mr. Ross condemned gun control legislation as an over-
simplified solutioii. if he looks at his recommendations. or
more ttccurutcly luck of iccommcndiitions, he will see that
his solution was ill’i‘tlcl thc oversimplified method of deal-
ing with violent crimes and the usage of hand guns.

One final thought. Whenever right-wing rhetoriticians
discuss hand gtiti control, they always use the catch phrase,
"guns don‘t kill people; people do.“ Let us consider ac-
cidental dctiths from gtitis inadvertently going off. And let
us consider one gun taken away frorti ortc person saving one
life. Even two or three alive people must inherently be
worth tiiore than supporting archaic gun usage with
anachronistic ideology.

—-Rohert MtIrtlniiinu

A call for courage

To the Editor:

Bondage is a fate common to Jews around the world for
centuries. This hasn‘t changed in today‘s so called
"modern" world. Jews are still being taken and held cnp-
tive by oppressive forces around the world. You can't
change history but you can help protect them and us in the
future.

lit the Soviet Union thousands of Jews are still being
persecuted and held captive against their will while you
are at kcg parties and bars they are behind prison walls in
desolate places like Siberia. Imprisoned only because of
their religious hcficfs.

The Falasliian chs of Ethiopia are kept in prison camps
which are no more than grass huts. Their only desire in life
is to leave Ethiopia and go to Israel to be free men and
practice their faith.

Another man's righteous feelings toward the oppressive
government of Nazi Germany led him to help save
thousands of people, most of them Hungarian Jews. Raoul
Wallciiberg. ll Lutheran front a wealthy Swedish family,
has spent half of his life in a Soviet prison camp only
because he cared enough to do something.

if you have the courage of your convictions, if you care
than! your fellow man and what the future may hold for
you, in a world where Anti-Scinitism has become tl
threatening force, if you give it datiin, come to the meeting
'of the World .icwry Committee of .lSC-Hillel on February
IS, 1983 at 7:3t)p.in. at the JSC-Hillcl office 3rd floor catn-
piis center.

Thank you for curing, see you there. For more info call:
457-5l46.

—-Slieryl Sriilth
Cliuirrnon World Jewry Corrrmlrtee

 

