t
i

t
z.
i
- r.
v
i

 

t m.“ »~—.....«....y....

  

 _‘ EDITORIAL: I O
at 18 Rannte’s reasontng?

 

  
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

I

he Reagan censorship of press coverage of the
Grenada occupation is virtually unprecedented in
‘ American history. Not until the third day ofthe in-
vaston. after the battle had been won, Were journalists
allowed to observe the attack. and even tiren they were
severly restricted.

The first U.S. offensive action of World War ii. the bat-‘
lie of Guadalcanal. resulted in a famous journalistic book.
Guadalcanal Diary, and the most famous U.S. of fensive.
The Normandy invasion. saw journalists landing with the
marines tn the first wave.

Cieneral Eisenhower did not see any need to ban jour-
nalists or restrict.their movement during tbttt operation.
And Generalb Eisenhower was facing Nazis. not a
preposterous and of pseudo-revolutionar ('rrbti ' '
Grenadians. y I m lmd

in subsequent U.S. wars and troop deployments. the
press'was always there. Vietnam was known as a “T.V

ar. ‘ ‘

Prevrous presidents have recognized that government
must answer to its people in a democracy.

Then came the Reagan regime. Reagan and Weinherger
want to keep the ptrblic in the dark as they condtrct their
secret wards. hidden from the American people.

Mr Reagan. this is not new. From the beginning of his
term. he has fotrglrt for government control of all news.
Despite his platitudes abottt the U.S. beirtg it people with it

government and not the other way around. Reagan has
fortght consistantly to grit the First Amendment.

He signed an order allowing random lie detector tests for
bureaucrats. whether or not they are under suspicion.

He has ordered that all government officials be required

to sign lifetime agreements to submit future writings for
government clearance. Under this rule, Reagan Could have
suprcsscd former President Carter's book if he did trot like
it.
Early on. Reagan tried to make reporters at press cort-
I'crences submit questions in advance. When that didn't
work. he tried to screen reporters so only those who
favored him got to ask questions.

He has ended the presidcntial tradition of regular news
conferences to avoid questions which would reveal lie is otrt
of touch.

So it wasn't entirely suprising that the occupation of
(irentrda would be barred to the press artd the American
public. Every one of the reasons given for press censorship
is infuriating. false and anti-democratic.

With a paternalistic chuckle. Secretary Weinbergcr said
he was corteerrrcd with the safety ofjournalists. Sittcc wlreu
has the safety of journalists been a govcrrurrerrt concern?
Journalists know the risks and accept them.

(icncral Vessey. the irrarticultrte puppet at Weinbergcr's
side. said the mission required sc recy. That is undisputed.
btrt until the third day of the invasion? The only people

 

who were kept ill the dark about the invasion was the
American public. The Cubans knew that the U.S. was com.
ing.

The tnost dangerous rationale given for keeping icpot [ch
ortt was that the conrrnartders did not want them along, amt
Weinberger said he "wouldn't dream of overruling tn.
commanders." This is a perversion of traditional Arrrcr icrrrt
civilian control over the military. a control which Anrcticrt
has been been successful at and should be proud ol.

Reagan. in his action of excluding the ptcss has put
hirrrselfon the same level of the Soviet administration when
they did not allow reporters near where Korean Might not
was shot dowtt. Doesn‘t he realize he is equating ltitnyt-lt
with his fearsome Soviet menace? One must wonder wh.rt
drives ortr president to blatantly contradict himself.

This tradition ltas played no small role in the

 

 

rrruirrterrarrcc of the American Democracy. ('ntpt-r
Weirrbcrgcr should ask Chile's General Pinochet wlttrt llt‘
thinks about civilian control of the military.

The hypocritical American policy of plrty'lillllllllt'
democracy and lrutnatr rigirts while sttpporlirrg killct tllt
Irrtors the world over is ttot new. As long as a nation kcpt
their markets opctt to U.S. exploitation and toctl tltc .trrtt
communist lirte. the U.S. would pay lip serum to tlt.tt
country's adherence to democracy.

All said. it seems the Reagan administration is ll\tl)t' Itr
hide something. Could the president rtot warrl thc illtltllt’ to

 

 

 

 

know his reasoning behind the invasion?

 

 

 

cQLUMN
Might doesn

Yesterday we heard the news of the invasion of (ir'cntrdrr.
At this point we only have sketchy and often contradictory
information.

Thus. we do trot have many answers to some of the most
pressing questions of the rrromcnt. What we do have.
however, ts vcry runny questions for the Reagan tidtrrinistrtr-
tron. liccuuse ul'tcr such a harsh titlti urrtrsrrtrl measure as
that of a military invasion of an independent iuitiorr in an
attempt to change a goverrtrrrcrrt we do not rtgrcc with. tltc
burden of proof falls on the Reagan iltillllllhllillltlll to show
that such an action was justified.

{dose Rossy

I The president has said that the pririutry tctrson tot lltc
invasion was to protcct the lives of U.S. t‘lll/L'lh tll
(ircrrudu. And we ask:

——r llow corrltl the Americans be in such great tlilllL't'l
when only lltlttls before tlr invasion White House
spokcspcrsorr furry Spctrkes had insisted that thcc was rto
immediate danger to U.S. citi/crrs in (ircturda?

~— Why invade if the (ircnatlirtn Rcyohrtiorrtriv ( otrtrcil
had announced that the curfew was to be lifted-turd that
those that wanted to letrvc the country would be free to do
'50? (NY Times l0<23).

' — Was the Vice~Chutrccllor of St. (icorgc's University
lying when lre stated that there was Itctct any danger to
students or to other U.S. citizens itr (ir'cnadat bill that
University offi is last week had been subjected to "cv-
traordinnry strong arm tactics by the Regan rrdrnirristrulion
to say that the medical students were irr dire danger” ~ in
order to justify an invasion? (Albany 'I'inier Urit'mi lit-2m

Why did President Reagan ignore the request from more
than 500 parents ofstudents at St. (ieorgc's University risk-
ing him "not to move too quickly or to take any precipitous
and provocative actions at this time" adding that " those
are our children down thcrcand we don‘t want tircrtr carrglrt
in any crossfire"?

. With regards to tire second stated purpose for thc inva-
sion — to forestall any ftrrtlrer chaos we ask: '

— Why was the invasion necessary if as Larry Spctikcs
stated on Monday (lo-22) that reports of civil violence had
dwindled?

—- How could the eritc lionsc ignore additional indica-
tions that the situation in (irenada was calming down?; for
instance. the lifting of the crrrfcw for four hours on Friday
(l()-l9) as well as the announcement by the Chairman of
the Revolutionary Council that the cttrfcw was to be lifted
on Monday “so that everyone would be free to gt)."(NY
Times I 0- 23)

« llow cart they claitn that their purpose was to forestall
chaos wlrcrt one day of U.S. invasion has resulted iir ttlttlttsl
it) times as many deaths as the l2 days between the coup
and the invasion?

About Reagan‘s third stated purpose A— to restore order
anti democracy ~— we ask:

m Why was tire statement of the chairman of thc‘
Rcvolutiortary Council to the effect that they would he call-
ing elections soon. disregarded? ' ’

— if the Reagan Administration is so concerned with the
restoration of democracy. why have we not invaded the
Philippines? Why don't we restore democracy itr Chile, or
Guatemala, or Haiti, where vicious and bloody dictators

CHJO)’ U.S. support?

 

 

   

’t make righ

llrc Reagan administration claims tlrrtt it was only after
the irrcnrbei's of the til'ttlllll/ltlitlll of latrstern ('rriibbcrrn
Sittlcs (DECS) persuaded tltc U.S. to interterrc tluu the
plans for the invasion began to trrke shtipc.

a Are we to believe that the most power Irrl corrrrtty in
the world was effectively pressured by a gtoitp ot \ltlilll.
poor isltttttls which arc llctt\il_\' iudcbtcd to and dependent
on tile U.S.. particularly when it was U.S. corctt .urd otcrt
actions which installed some of these gowrrrurcnts’.’ tc.g.
Scrrgtr irt .lttnrtricrt)

— Are we to bciicye that it is it mere coincidence that
Hill” lttirc been termed the largest U.S. military t-\crciscs itr
Will and Will  ()pciatiorrs ()cctm chtutc l and Ocean
Vcrrrruc 2  consisted ot'ti mock invasion rind tttkcoter ot
the island of \‘icqtrcs. part of l’ueto Rico‘s utrtiorutl tcr-
rrtory. an island of very rnrrclr the strrrrc si/c. sllilttt’ ttrrtl
topogt-aplry as (iterrudn?

l'hc Rcagtut Administration is showing once again tlntt it
would rather iigltt than talk. that it prcfcrx to use lls

' ' y might than to negotiate. Aritl itr this irtrclcttr rtgc thc
slttkcs are too high to allow the chnn administration to
coirtilttrc playing the role of world l’olicc or international
"macho".

' We must press for answers ttr tlrcsc turd many other qrrcs—
trons.

We must insist that pence cart ortiy be achieved by tr firm
corrrrnttmcnt to respecting the political indeperrtlctrc turd

 

tcr'itorirrl integrity of every nation.

That is why our group works to coirtribtrtt- to m rrt
l’uerto Rico's right to sclf—tlctciurination. lhttt i. '-'-ll'
together with thousands of Americans we demand .rrr trrtt
to U.S. intervention in Central Arncricti. l‘or lllt"~L' rm on
we urge everyone to seek information on tile i'\t'll|\ mt tlt
trul America illltl the Caribbean.

to this crtd otrr group has pt‘ttpttsctl lllitl .r llllt't‘ .tr
"tcrtclr-iu“ on the ("fists irt (‘crrtrrri Arrrcrrt-nu .rr.| :t:
('nribbetur be held on Novcrrrbcr it tirttr it).

We also trrgc everyone to let their \oict- l‘t' llt'tlltl l
tending the nationwide demonstration to iw irn‘ld
NU\L'IlllIL'l 12 in \\’:rsltingtorr. l).('.

lvvor rrrorulrs now the polls have been lL'llllll’ ttx tlI.ri rt.
marority of Americans arc opposed to US. lllllllttl- r:
rcrrt-irriorr in ('crrtrrtl America. yet the Rent-.tu .ttlllllltl tr.
tron continuity to ignore the public.

'l‘ruc democracy mcaus rrruclr more than k‘lt'tllll‘.‘ .r int i
dcrrt turd Ilrctr waiting four years to change or lt‘t'lt‘t l lllllt w
her. It irrcarrs that we must strive to form otrt it'lltlltlltv .rtbl
to let them he heard arrtl to work to replace llrost‘ [utlllrt l.t||
that ignore ottr opinions.

 

Stir/curtail ti/ l/lt' l’tit-rltr Rit'trrt Illllt‘ﬂt’lll/t‘llt‘t' \tI/lt/tlH/l
.-l//ltlllt‘(' on the U.S. iltvmiort o/ tirt-rrrrt/rt

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

E TTERS

Courtesy lost

To the Editor:

“'5 Friday afternoon. 12:30. l’m in the commuter
" cafeteria. just finishing lunch and doing sorrre reading. A

woman sits down at the table. just across from my seat.
“Can i use that ashtray . slrc risked. "Certainly." was
my response. Never did she ask if i minded her srrtokirrg.
Now. l'rn not a nit-picking non-smoker (friends are ruore
titan familiar with my colectiorr oi‘entpty camel packs from
those days wltcn i used to smoke). lint. damnit. don‘t peo-

ple care? What ever happened to courtesy. airy way?

— Ross ll. Brown

Follow the leader

To the Editor:

As far back as l98l. Democratic leaders in the Town of
(irrilderltmd began working with SUNYA students. in order
toconrc up with a sensible voting plan. it was in l‘)iiZ. when
SA attorttcy Mark Mislrlcr. l\likc.('oiso and Scott chlcr
rrtct with Virginia liorirrt. Anthony ('urrtore, |)on l trwr'encc
and Start (icccwicr from (iuildcrlrurtl. in order to trctbely
bcgin the redistricting process.

'l‘ow ' trtor‘ Virginia llorrur. along with Anthony
('antorc. worked very hard with students on the redistric-
ting of the Towrt of (iniltlcrlttrrd. With llorttrr‘s rrrtrirr irr-
tcrcst of kccpirtg neighborhoods together. it quickly
became evident that they were supporting a separate
SUNYA district and a polling plttcc on campus. Due to
inisirrformatiott from the lioar'd of l'lecliotrs. ti few local
tcsltletllittl streets were part of the original pltrrr.

The Democrats risked tltc l'own Supervisor. Mr. Moss.
ltl put this issue on the Town lilltll'ti meeting agenda. which
was not done trrrlil January 4. I'M]. At that time. Mr. Moss
introduced his plan which did not call for n sepmtttc
StINYA district. Doc to pressure lrorrr local residents over
the locrttiorr of the polling place. Mttss was forced to split
the district, thereby rrssigining SUNYA district rtttntbcr 22.

If the Democ its in the town of (inildctlaud can trike
the lead in working with tlrc students. so can the (‘otnrty oi
Albany. It's rrevci too late to begin ttgtrin. so Albany ('ttllllr
ty. it's time to play follow the lender.

 

 

 

3-.

 

 

r
t

  
 

» l'utt) Snlkln

American duty

in the Editor:

lcirn‘t sity l wits \lii]\l'l\t'tl to tend the xiii/"s contlctnnu»
troti of the American lcd operation in tircrrtrdti. With its
ilcl. Iii editorial the paper's editorial borutl has obsc»
t|l|ltlli\l)‘ pltirtgcd into turothcr discursiye sophisrn of true
turd illogical libcrrtl rhetoric. Whilc tr thorough del‘cnsc ol
.rtlnrirristrntiott policy is beyond tltc \t'tipc of this letter.
\lilllk' tlcgrce of c\p|trrr;rtion is wrurruitcd.

After acknowledging the absence of journalistic
representation on the island. implying a dearth of reliable
infortuatiorr. the ASP proceeded to release it hasty de—
notiuccrrrcrrt of thc Atucricurr-lcd libcr'rrtion. accompanied
by a ludicrous analogy with the foreign policy of the
Stryict llirion.

llrc decision to crrtci (il't'lliltlil was not made easily and it
“its not made by the U.S. ttlorrc. bit-tubers of thc ()rgaui/a-
tiorr of l-iustcrrr (‘urrihctur Statics t()l-('S) expressed rut illA
lt'lt'\l iir U.S. assistance for thc liberation of their (ir‘c n-
tllilll brothers from the grip ol lawless tcriorists who. iii a
bloody coup. wrcarkcd hatyoc and lciroi met the nation.
lhc members of the ()l ('S are tiny llttlittlts. some without

 

 

5 specttS

Established in liit6
M. Lewis Gautier. Mirror in tT/rtttl
Patricia Mllcltoll. thsrr Sltttltt. Mil/Irithth ltlttors

filttvt' l'ox, Atlllttilty fiilliot
Hottii Gtttllrt

. . Grill Mtlltoll
llttvtr L l. tuition. Jnlrtr Kot-trrttt
.. . Jttlltltt Nttttllttiil
Ktrtl litltltlrtlttlll

lttltt Ktttzt'rtttlott. Mtitk I tryttttr
Mutt: llt-rrutur. Kotur Mtlltlil'

ltlwuttl llt'tltutr

l,rt Mnttntiutdr

‘uuw- Editors
Anaelntn News Editor
ASPacts Edlinr
Anaclslo ASPacls Etilluts
Sound Editor
Vlllon Edltur
Sports Editors
Annotate Spoils Erlltota
Editorial Page: Editor
N‘leutnphy Editor
Contributing Editors: tintttr ilt‘i." ttt~blnrt .ltltlt)“. wtryot- t'otrrnboour. Editorial
Assistants: .lurty Gtttrrptortt-. tit-tin flitting. tlob (ittitlillltll. Millllll tsntt. ttttivtr
Mttrkn. Jitn O'Sttlltvmi. Stall wtllars: (‘rtnrr Alrtuttl, i‘ttr/trnrrtr Alttll‘t. .ltlllll Aritltri
tron. Inn Clllllltllllti. l-’l|trrr fitqorrtlti. llonttlri lltrrrrt (illlllltlit. lltrtr tittrtloit, Mrktr
ottmtttrtrttt. iltrtrort it.tytr=.. r ttt: llitttlttt. Nlllttltt boys. titmtr Mlt.llr|ttl‘rttlt. Mall
NltJllttlti. li.’ lltrir:li. Illott Eitll‘hllilUHL lltttl fiilvortmttr. tantrum titrkolowukt.
Atari Elotnktrt. Mlko luttlrltrlr. l‘trrry lliri.l|lt'l. Motiu lilurt. Mtirlt Wllqttrti. Aritrtu
Wilk. Spuclturn Editor; iltrttt Glilttllttlu

lintlv BIOlIOI. titrsiirrrss Mtrnrrgor
Judy for-I. Associate lltrsrrruss Muriitgrrr
Jam Hirsch. lltiytrrtlsrnu Mir/tam”
Mlltl Ktnltnor, Sirius Manage!

 

 

“WWAE'ﬂE‘MV-MF‘L‘uoxlhxww «anva w...

......t........ 

 

did-iiiia

 

 

 

 

\lttlltlllltt tIlllllt.‘\ or military capabilities. lhcy rirc howcycr.
otcrshttdtrwctl by the military power oft'ttbu. supported by
tile Srwict Union to the tune of a rrrilliorr dollars a day in
dirch rutl. News rcptuh now show it corrsidcrnblc brtildrrp
large staslrcs of ('trban

ol rrrilitary power on tircntttlu
qttile orrt of proportion for

and Sotict-rnndc munitions ~
the tlt'lt'llSlH‘ purposes tlt'L'cssnI)‘ for such tr small sttrtc.
( ultrrn iirtiltrruion oi' the island is documented at well over
not) rtrcrr, along with u proportionally significant represen-
trttion ol trnilorrnctl Soyicls.

Another goal of the Arrrcricrm-led operation was the
rescue of the some rooo American citircns trapped on
(ircrrtitlrr trrrdcr scigt' conditions  tr 24-hour curfew and
shoot to kill orders. lltcir statements upon rctttrrt give
testament to the terror and danger which gripped the
l\lillltl. How quickly the liberals have forgotten their
tlcbttclc irt Irrur!

l’lrc opcrrrtitnr in (ircnatltr was taken with great risks. l’lic
c\tcut ol cumin and Sotict presence on the island was cterr
irtorc loinridttblc than intelligence reports httd calculated.
l‘utlctstttrrtltrhly. tlrc ciurturcc oi journalists was limited at
tlrc urccption ol tlrc operation; the logistics of approaching
:t tiny rsltrtrtl could notpt-trriit it. An inl'hr\ of journalists
tllllllll' lllt' operation would litt\c lintnpcr'ctl its cl'l'cctivcncss
illltl cotrltl huyc rcsullctl rrr grcut loss of life. Additionally.
the oirly airport on the island was occupied by outside
fort-cs. closed to .tli lnrt their own kind. llowcvcr'. rcpoilcrs
arc now being rillowctl onto (ircnutln turd their findings are
c\ccption;rl|y \trppoitirc ol the contentions raised by the
administration.

lltc ASl'N \‘Ullljlilll‘ytill of administration policy to thc
llic/bncr Doctrine is nothing less than :rbsnrtl. llrc U.S.

Lttitt Clttyttttttt, llttlttit-t- llttltttl
‘ y l’t'itrttr.

fort-tilt Mtutktrwll.‘

lllllitrn Accountants
Payroll Supervisor

Oillcn Coordinator

Cltrssltlau Mannnnr .llllllllllll tnontr
Cotnpasltlan Mnirnuoi Mir-.ittryl r.ttr
Atlvattlalno Stilt": Mtttk fitttr'nttltttt. iitrtt Cllllttlll. ltrnh (itrltlott. Slovo ll'illul
Kurrut-l Adynrtlsluq Production Managers: Jtilln Mark. lttiontttt
,rrr'ltitort.
Fllyti

 

mutt il.tortrltt>
Wolt Advertising Production: Atrry Aitt-titolin, J.tt:ltio Dorurto, Lot
Mrt:twy Frank. throat I lltttit'l. tt:..r Kt-rr. lttltl Mnlutntrttr, Panto M
Mlllt). filmrtrrr trktrrt t'...uttt- llytrtl. tyrrtto it not, Stovnn Ztrimit

 

 

 

Ilnlly l'tnsll. Production Mitotigur

Chlal Typaautiai Crrltrltl llytrn
Pasta-up: llourm Aqtttur. :tott t’.rt,trtrrt.ky, lit-utitnkl. liotttlrrrr Eitintlrrot Typlats:
.rtttt C.||Itl.'.'ttitl. Jti.|llltt' (tlllll'l‘tllHlVi' ltItIt:t'y litlyllmll. Vrrtrtrrttt llobot. l-t'lii‘t'
)\l.r<.-.. lltt Mtiltrttto Holly Itaw Citnnlluut: ert; [tort

 

l’trottrqrnptry ottot rpttlly ‘iillllllli'ii try Ullivttlblly l'boto Sotvrtw. tr irlorlotrt
rrtorr r

Cblrrl l’boloqtnnlmr run-nit llrriuo Mirtttttzlt. UPS Slrtilz Attiy tiouon. Shorty
lt-tr tittltt‘lt. (thltly (i.|lw.ty. l’llill)! llttt h. Ktttttty Kttﬁltll. llttttllttl l Ilwill. llttilt'tl
lottkoy. l tl Minot-nit it, lint. Mttllttlutttt. |l.rtty lll'illlllll, thitt lltrtttltttllb, l riitttrtt
iiillttt. lltrlrt'tl litltrt y. lltt rt iipl'lUIll W.tllt'll ltlttttl. .ltltlltth Vttlttlliitlt). Jt'ltltm

roman

L‘trttru cunttmlrt tronytlntrt tttttJ Albany Situlr-ttt Pins: Corporation. all
tiulllh littilrlvutl.

lllt' Allutrry tiltltlolll l’rtv!.:. tz. ptlltlibllrttl runways ttrttr ttrtr.tyti trutwtrtatt
Atintl'tl and Jill)" lry urn Altrtttry iililtlt'lﬂ tutu. . (Ttlttttrttiiilttl tltl rtrtrtrrrorttrtrnt
not for rrroirl corporation

I lllllllitllft rtro writttur by Hm I tutor or (limit wrtb rnorrrtrott. oi tlro [tilltltiul
llontrt, trrtlitzy tr. :rttllprt:l to royruw by Illlt l'tlttorrtrl ttoattt Cottrtittttr rrrn wilttort
by Illttllll)tiitl rrt tirtr trirtvrrtrtily titlllllllttltllv tutti ritr rrol ntrt.ouninl|y ropttrsnrrl
otiilorittl polttzy ontrrtutitru polirry tlorrtt not troututrttirtly rulltml otttttulttl

tittllt.y

 

Mullutq .tttttroun
Allrttuy Sttuiutn l'tostr. CC 1120
MOO Wuuturtqtou Ayn
Miran . l2???
iblﬂ) 457rilllll215|1|22fllﬁltlll

 

does not seek to ttric its allies as the Soviet Union does its
stitcllitcs. A compatriot ol' the ASP's editorial board. a
senior editor or l'ruvdrt. ortcc said. “You know we (the
Stwicr llrritrtr) control these countries (litrst l-‘trrope turd
tuba). It is otrr duty. we are responsible for them." This is
hardly the relationship of the U.S. to its allies in the ('nrri-
lrcatlt.

As trrllncious nllcgturons subside. history will \intlicntc
America rllltl tlrc tltllllllll\llilll(lll as our presence begins to
hpr the trglrttttl citi/cns of (irenntln nchicve stability and
hold ltcc rind turtctcrcd tlctrtoctutic elections. Let us hope
that they may again li\c itr peace and freedom.

« James ('uponolrt

Restricted education

In lllt' lt'tlitor:
|.urr \\.'llllllt' tor irry lAl’ clrcck. l.trn rrblc ltl sqticc/c lw
truttl it illli\t‘\. | our iotttrnntc, scyciitl people i know were
lt'\\ \ti. Since I ll(i\ c been here. font of rtry lllt'lltl\ h.r\c bccrr
torcctl to lc;t\ c doc to liitrrucinl ptoblcnts. lhcy would li.t\c
lrct-n able to sl;t\ it thcrr llllilIlL'lill arid checks did not tttkc st)
long to yet here. \\'ho is effected by this practice'.’ is it those
who rrrc ntt'lncrrt and need only call ltoilic for niotrcy'.’
lltosc cil'cctctl. by the luircnucr’utic slow down. are Ilrmc
lc.rst tiblc to get by. (July the finrtrrcitrlly Irrrttginnl \ltltlcltls
urc sqncc/ed. llrt- underlying result is that ctlrrctuion i\
hccotrrirrg trrorc restrictive. Those with money stay. those
without arc gone. \\'hilc students may defer ttritioir costs
tlrcy cttrt't tlclcr rent or food. The result is title of tlclcat.
the rtr.irginttl \llltlL‘lll is the orrc who needs help. yct tlrctc is
rto place to turn. l‘ycn for those who do stir-rive. the l'intnr-
t'lill pressure can t-tl'ect titres studies and marks. making
Itrttrrc prospects (of survival) cvcu dirnrrtcr. We must seek
to make trcccss to cdocutiou easier. not harder. since educa-
tion is so closely tictl to future prosperity. livcr’yrre has it
right to be educated. not just the afﬂuent.

 

»— lloh Wilson

Petty criticism

To the lidltor:

In reply to recent criticisms of SA l'rcsidcnt Rich Schuf—
fer fs endorsement policits: Rich. although SA President. is
still a free irrditidrrtil and as such has the right to clltlot‘w
any candidate for t ry reason that he sees fit.

(‘onstructivc criticism of an clectctl olt'icial is .r good
thing; I suggest that ii' l)tl\L‘ Silk. cl. tt|.. httd this iir mind
liltll they would do better to ct itici/c irt some area of
substance. rather than dwell on it petty issue of leadership
style.

w-l\'cnnetlr l). Nccyt-s

Give us your opinion

We wait! to hear [I— rvrite u letter to the
editor, 350 words or less, with your
name and phone number inc/titled.
Nantes may be willie/d on request.

 

 

 

