‘Wﬂ—~-e _.

-.__.._.._—-
4 321.4...

.7.
._

i

 

 

 

 

, or-.. .. _......-. .,V....-u..~.-

c... ._,...,. WM -v 

  
    

r V'Aru-O~;a“.~ .Ilil'.11- . ..

 

 

 

 

 

Feb.25&26 The Blast; Feb.27-March 3

Axis
Bogart's (482-9797)
Downtime on Weds. nltes: Feb. 258126

Justin McNell's (436-7008)
Palace Theatre (465-3333)

12a endgame

A - . ». "
s .
p

E

C

T

5

lg music

5 The Decentz
2 Gemini Jazz Cafe (462-0044)

5 Thurs. Fri. Sat—Fats Jefferson. Waiter

Cake-

Young

Sun & Mon—Martha Gallagher & [an
Hunter

Hulla Baloo (430- 1640)

Felt. 25&2(t Ray Wallerson: March 2 Alvtrt
Lee»

Yesterday's (489-bit 106)

Feb 258t2o Finder

Skinfllnt'a (436-83101)

Feb 258120 Sumttter Stock

Pauley‘s Hotel (4030082)

Feb 256220 The Rhythm Section

Lark Tavern Moll-U779)

Feb 25 Edward McNeil. Feb 208127 Maia
Linden

Eighth Step Coffee
(434- 1701i)

livery 'l'nes 1011' r ()l’liN S'I‘AGF. 15
ittiitittes onstage for anyone. beginning at
H 45 p In

Cagney's («toil lltiti2)

Felt 2581230 Instinct

SUNYA PAC Concert for Vou’r- and In
stitiirtertis (Ili't’I-Htttltt) Feb go at H tilt
it ill Free for students w 11). i'iiitllav
('1 wine“, pianist. Mail‘lt $1.10 at noon
The Chateau (drift-00w»)

Feb 25 Fear of Strangers. Feb ill)
.lainait an Reggae. March I) The (inn Club.
March ‘1 The Members  this 311 130 iii ad
vance. it: til) at doors. Match iii The
Bongo;

B.J. Clancy's (litrZUoZIi)

Feb 258ter Silver Chicken

288 Lark (4029148)
D .J, on weekend:
Albany Symphony
(4574755)

March 4&5 Emmanuel Borok. violinist
September's (459-8440)

House

Orchestra

March S—Albany Symphony Orchestra;
March 19—Jerry Lee Lewis

Glens Falls Civic Center

Hall and Oates. Fri. Marclt 18

Troy Music Hall (273-0038)

Feb. 26 Anthony and Joseph Pamtore
duo-pianists 8:00 pm.

ESIPA (474»1199)

Feb. 2h Ruth Laredo: Music from Great
Ballets. Marclt 11 Bobby Short

EBA Chapter House

Feb. 20 at it put. The Verge. Fatalities.
and Begging Porpolse

Pm: Recital Hall

Findley Cochrell. piattist Noon concerts
March 3.10.17

theater

Proctor's Theatre (Ii/to (r2114)

Match 5 m Marcel Marceati

l 11 price tickets for students l hour before
llllltllll at all events.

Albany Civic Theater (4(th 1207)
SUNYA PAC (457-Htttio)

Getting Out—Feb 22-26

tkis‘tsii 50 st cit & students. if) (it) general.
H 0le it].

Proctor's Schenectady Theatre
(liiltrrttzllfl)

Man of La Manchu Felt 248125 1/2 price
tickets available to students one ltour
before curtain.

Children of A Lesser (iod Feb 20 8:00
p.ttl.

RPI West Hall Auditorium The Man
in the Glass Booth Feb.25&2() March
3.4.5 8:00 pm. Reservations 270-0503
Premiere of a New American Play

 

(4624534)

Capitol Rep. Comp. Production Market
Theatre 111 N. Pearl St. Feb. 26&27;
Marclt 1-6. 8-13. 15-20

art

Schenectady Museum (382-7890)
Amazing World of Video 84 Electronics
(utttil Apr.l7)

Rockefeller Empire Plan Collec-
tion (473-7521)Rothko. Kline. Franken-
thaler. Oldenburg. Calder

New York State Museum (4746842)
Design itt Buffalo (until Feb 27); Martirt
Luther King (until Apr 3): images of Ex-
perience. Lintutot'ed older .trtiststittclt
27. N Y Metropolis. Adirondack
Wilderness. ltoquois Culture

Cathy's Wafﬂe Store (daft-0119)
l‘ltotos by John R Whit-land

New Gallery (2702243)

Russell Sage College works on paper by
Mrtljillll' Seitteratl. Kathleen l‘attagapoulos
Sr Willie Marlowe

Rathbone Gallery at .lCA (445-1778)
Drawings by .lack Roth

CDPD Center Gallery (ililfrotr/lti)
David (fonglilry paintings and drawings
University Art Gallery

l‘ltont ()"(Viiinot Drawings artd prints

movies

Third St. Theater Milo-4428)

l'elt 25-27.Maiclt 141 Winter of Our
Dreams. 7 00 84 ‘):05

International Film Group

LC 1. 7:00 & 10:00 Feb 25 Abbott arid
Costello meet Dr. Jeckyll artd Mr. Hyde;
Feb 2h Monkey Business

Fireside Theatre

March 2 The Making of Star
Wars/Raiders oi the Lost Ark CC
Assembly Hall 8:00 p.m.

Madison (489.6431)

 

 

The Toy 7:10. 9:10
_Fol Colonle 1&2 (459-1020)
l-Without a Trace 7:15. 9:45; 2—The
Verdict—7:00. 9:30

Cine 1-6 (459-8300)

I—Tootsie: 1:40. 4:15. 7:05. 9:45
2—ET 1‘20 .50. 6:40. 9:10: Zi—Let's

 

Spend The Night Together 2.4.6.8.10;
4—The Year of Living Dangerously 1:25.
3:55. 7:00. 9:15; 5—48 Hours 1:50.
4:05. 7:15, 10:00; b—Tlte Lords of
Discipline 2:05. 4:30. 7:05. 9:30;

UA Hellman (459-5322)

Gandhi—Fri 8:30 pm. Sat 8t Sun 12
noon. 4:00. 8 pm. Mott-’l'hurs 7:30 pm
Hellman's Colonle Center Theater
( 4 5 9 A 2 l 7 l) )

1-Sophie's Choice. 7:15. 10:00. 2
Videodronte. 7:00-. 8-40
miscellaneous

Martin Luther King: From Mon~
tgomery to Memphis exhibit on
display through April Ii. 1081) at the New
York State Museum

The Jewish Experience in
Literature 8tCulture Main Library
fealtrtlttg works by Sarah (‘olien through
March Red Carpet Lounge

Albany Public Library (411‘) IiItht)
Free Movies lttl Wash Ave Feb 27
Autobiography of Miss .larie l’ittntari l 00
p til.

Tri-City Women's Center

Feb. Zti at 1 p nt Workshop on Sexual
llarrassntertt. Located at 100 Morton
Avenue.
SUNYA Irish Club Pre—St.
Patrick's Day Party

March 4 at 9 pin iit CC Ballroom
WORLD WEEK at SUNYA

See CC information desk for events front
2/28—3/5

 

 

Annual Aspects
Yahtzee
Championship

RCO KG DSM

Over the next weeks we will bring you
coverage of this excttrng event The results are
being posted recording two rolls for each contes-
tant. The winner of this game plays the winner
of last years YAA games. dill] Karika Weekly
odds will he made in various places of the ASP
by Sports Editors Marc l‘laspel. Marc Schwarz.
and Managing lidilor Mark Gesner Official
Referee is Wayne l’eerehoont Bets cart be plac-
ed irt CC324 May the best man win

We Want You.

Aspects wants writers. Come to CC 324.

 

 

 

 

1’s ‘

2's 4. (f
3’: q 6

 

 

 

 

 

 

 (91)
-l iunf
luff

I (mite

 

 

Small
Straight

I an,“
swan”

 

Yahtzee

 

I ‘Iurtrr t'

I ulrrl

 

 

 

Top Twenty

Top Twenty

1)Polecats "Make A Circuit With Me"
2)Michael Jackson Thriller
3)Nitecaps Go To The Line
4)The 3 O'Clock Baroque Hoedown
5)Dexy's Midnight Runners Too-Rye-Ay
6)Prince 1999
7)Dire Straits Twisting By The Pool
8)The Ad‘s “More Than Once"
9)Heaven 17 Penthouse and Pavement
1())Marslia|l Crenshaw "Rave On"
11)Richard Barone and James Maestro

Nuts o rt (1 8 oils
12)V2 “New Years Day"
lliiThe Rain Parade “What She's Dane
To Your Mind"
14)Englislt Beat Special Beat Service
15)The Cure “Let's Go To Bed"
1(1)Gar|and .Jeffryes Guts For Love
l7)Cullure Club Kissing To Be Cfeuer

18)Tlte Collins Kids Introducing Larry and

L o n n l e
19)Tlie Weather Girls “It's Raining Men"

 

2())T.5.0.L. Beneath the Shadows

 

 

 

 

Cs.

Mauve

 

Gm (inn .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.. . e w. w...” n. .- ...._........_....-.- -.-

.... 4...”... M. w...” ‘

 

L E

 

T T E

n s

 

 

Take a tough stand

To the Editor:

First. tuition was being raised $250. We were rewarded with
proposed faculty cuts of 13.7%. Then. to avoid the faculty
cuts. on Friday. February it. it was reported that a dif-
ferential tuition plan was proposed. This would mean an
additional tuition hike of $250. Only two business days
truer (Tuesday. February 15) the University Council passed
this plan (overwhelmingly 8-2). Our reward. a new threat.
that of the possible closing of one or more campuses.

On 11 nott-ttcudcmic level. this year, to offset the rising
costs of the University Bus System. it became required to
present University 11)'s iit order to ride the bits. ()tir
reward. tltc potential closing of the Wellington route.

One of tltc most favored positions tillltltlg sortie trustees
nttd other politicians is that we must either ritisc riiilioit lllltl
oilth fees at make cuts. The unlortnniitc note is that when
tltcrc arc cuts. they any it's to avoid tuition hikes and when
tuition is increased it's in .noid c'ttls. One or the other
rtiigltt very well he accepted. btit certainly not both.

'1 he rcpntntion ot 5d W) and specifically Si NY at
Albany has been viadutilit iiltprovittrz. l’L'tllll)l\ llu' ymctn
irtg bodies are itltcruptinc to disguise the slashes In SltN\'\
:icttdcntie dcpiuirttcrtt \tith higher rates. l'L'tlltips they t‘cel
that people “111 rtrittnitllt‘ l|\\tllllt' that higher tecs menu 1th-
Icr education. I’ctltttp‘». but sadly enough. this is riot lltl‘
case.

What is rtccdcd are more pcople like SASll l’tt.'\ltlclil .lint
'l’icr'ncy. People who will take it tough slintd.\\’c must show
that it" are not going to lie down and pay rttotc and more
for less and less. if more people like 'l‘icrncy take this “he‘s
going to have to twist and break our nritts" attitude. maybe
the increasing fees tvill be tltc result of irtiprovcd education
instead of being tltc result. of tire opposite.

—Mlchitel littllcr

Supporting ourselves

To the Editor:

l-~ltavc lived through two years of bleeding hcnrt liberal
garbage here at SUNYA and would like to express a view.

1 am sickened every time 1 read of cries and screams
about tuition increases iii the ASP. Who are we to risk tltc
working people of New York State (and the country) to
support our educations with government subsidies?
Whatever happened to hard work and resourcefulness?
What is so terrible about working your way through college
if you cannot readily afford it? We are all young, generally
mobile and reasonably intelligent (we were accepted to
SUNYA. weren‘t wc7). So what is wrong with supporting
ourselves?

liy expecting financial assistance we certainly arcn't help-
ing the state and federal deficits and. goddanrnit. we are
creating ottr otvit deficits before wc even get started in life
(l'rn referring to student loans)!

This practice of financial aid and subsidies has made its
complacent and soft. Il' ittortt and dad can't afford to send
us to college. we just fall back on Uitclc Sitnt.

i can‘t understand why ii machinist itt Little Rock.
Arkansas has to pay for your chemistry class wltilc lie is
struggling to tliuk‘ it living for her/hint self and her/his
family. When i graduate. l certainly don‘t Will“ to support
some freshman at UCLA with ttty tttxcst

The real kicker that prompted rttc to write this lL‘llL'l' is tltc
fact that 1 see so itttrclt waste on this campus dtic to
students! There is vandalism. theft. and cheating all over. i
have sccn so many broken windows, mutilated furniture,
and holes kicked in the wall that i feel l'tn iti grammar
school. in terms of theft. UAS must have stocked the kit-
chens and dorms of half of the student body at one time or

another. Finally, I really do believe cheating is the greatest
rip-off. l've seen it innumerable times in classes ranging
from 300 person LCs to f iftccn person discussions. There is
no honor system here at Albany and I would hate to have to
tell that machinist in Arkansas that he just paid for your
organic chem class so that you could steal the final and
cheat with your friends.

—-Dnvld liens

Playing games

To the lidltor:

On behalf of the YAA (Yuhtzcc Association of
America). I would like to respond to Mr. Stern's article "A
Mtiltcr of 'l‘ttstc" dealing with the Yrtltl/cc championship
that appeared irt tltc l-‘chruai'y iii edition.

Mr. Stern stands correct iii this is not rictiinlly the first
Yiiltt/cc (‘hznitpionship The first tournament writ ltcld irt
ilic spring of 1981. on the seventh floor of Dutch Quad.
and iii the tournaments end. Mr. Kiu‘iktt did crucrgc \‘ic-
lotittlts.

it is ttlso unv that Mr. ()‘(‘onnoi zntd ntyscit (sccdcd is!
and 2nd lt_‘\|\L't'll\Cl\ til the ionrnnrucrtts beginning) were
eliminated iii llIL' eiiilt rounds. We do however iescnl Mi.
Stone‘s continent “Who did lllt'\' bent to play in the chant-
pirtrtsliip.” in the illsllllti ot the YAA. enthusiasm in
Yrtltt/cc dcclincd ttllt‘l the iotrtntnneitl. Mr. O‘Connor and
llt_\‘\L'll (the l\\il rankiin olt'iciulx til' the YAA), decided to
rekindle the lltt‘ tttitl in doing so. tlL‘lt‘lllCll cvctyonc iit our
path. During the season. the YAA discotcrcd ll prodigy.
DShi. who was cordially invited to participate iii the gatincs.
Answering Mt. Sronc's question. that's who we beat:
everyone (the ":01le ot' the defeated have been withheld to
protect tiic innocent). llnr'dly \citndtiinus. Mr. Stortc.

As for the YAA. i would like to remind Mr. Stcr'n lllttl
Mr. O'Connor and myself are the only two officers irt YAA
history. We lift: the founding fathers of the YAA. Mr.
Stern. i don't know who your sources are. btrt no
disciplinary action will be taken.

i would also like to inform Mr. Stern. tltitt falsifying
credentials (Mr. Stern is not. never was. and probitbly rtcvcr
will be. it spokesttintt for the YAA) is it i‘cdcrrti Yitittzcc of-
fense subject to banishntcni.

()tt behalf of the tltrcc participants. We highly rcscnt be-
ing referred to as "rebels. " 1 suggest Mr. Stcrit research
the definition of the word slander.

in closing, 1 would like to apologize to Mr. Ktirlkrt for
any injustices. Certainly. lltcrc was none intendeti ltt all
fairness to you Mr. Karika. the YAA cordially initcs you
to compete against tltc winner of tire lournntcrtt. Lct lltc
games continue.

—KllG

Outraged complaint

To the 'ldltnr:

i read tltc article about Jeff Frutnrit with great interest; i
finished tltc article with disgust.

i don't really know Jeff Fromm. Sure. i say hello to liitrt
\vitcttcvcr l'ut iii the SA offices. however. his capitbilit'es.
personality. altitudes. and opinions are forcing to tire. his
letter is neither an assault nor a dct‘crtsc of the SA chair.
Rather it is art outraged complaint front one who is close
to the editors of the ASP artd once ltcld the publication iii a
higher I'cgrn'd tltatt at iltis moment. My reference is to the
sensationalist manner the ASP handled it news feature (it
distinction made by the ASP) making allegations dcntcan-
ittg Chairman Fromm's and Central Council‘s competency.
The distinction between an article turd Ii feature is an int-
portant one. Members of tltc ASP informed me that a rtcws
feature is distinguished as an interpretation of events iii the
eye of tltc reporter. usually topical in nature.

it is obvious that the interpretation of the rash ofrcsigna-

 

 

 

é
$18116thS

Establish“! In 1916
D. Dnrrsll Ball. Editor In Chief
Wayne Posraboam. Execullvn Editor
Mark Gunner. Managing Edltol

Nam Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,.Tort Kantowttz
Associate Now: Editors . . Dullltld Juduu. Dub Protein
ASPscts Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Double Mtltman
Aunclata ASPactI Editors .. . Megan G. Taylor. Gall Morrolt
Sound Editor .. .. . . . Robert Scltnuidur
Villon Edltnr thranrtu Sokotowskl
Sports Editor .. ... Mair: Huuput
Associate Sportl Editor . .. .Mare SClIwLIIl
Editorial Pause Editor... . . . . . . . . .. Lisa Strain
Copy Editor: . . . . . .. Nancy Dilrtfﬂllhfi. David L.L.Lasi<|n
Contributing Edits .. . ... . .. . .. . .Mnrk Hammond
Editorial Aalistsnta: Dot) Gardtniur. Anthony Strum, Mink Lovlitu. Stall
writarutclnn Attend. Suzanna About, ititt Urriwstur. [ltrllt Britisur. Kan Cantor.
Tracey Cnrntlcttuot. Artdraw Carroll. Httbart-Knnnnttt Dickuy. Brit Ftscttur.
Batty Gutlnur. Stnvo Goasat, itutttl Gratin. Chum-s M. Grorrrio. Lua Gramm-
leilt. Toni Kncunrius, Amy Kllunsi. Durttsn Krtluttt. llltilr Lavina, Durntrt MacA
Millnrt, Crnlu Marks, hoburt Mrtrttniano. David Mtitttnuicon. Ilrin Ntuttnrt. Laura
Nuns. Mutt Nichols. [mu D'Eiriurt. liott O'Connoi. Cart Parka. Karon Plrozzl.
Phil Ftvnlck. Ltrnta Quinn. le Finish. Mtltk Rossini. tttntrty tintii. Ellen Srin-
tnsluto. Lynne Slagui. Atuit Sontktu. Muttrt Uliqj. Mink thurrrtl, Adam thk.

Spectrum and Events Editors: fioitt Ginsburg. Kurt Dnnibtnun

  
 
   

    
 
 
  
  

 

   

 

Bunnie Btavunl. (lust/russ Mnnttgar
Nady Brodar. Assoc/rite Business Manager

 

Sunrt Foallmnn. Advert/sing Manager
John Trot-no. Sales Manager

..... Kitten Ssrdatt. Judy Total

Billing Accountants..
. . . . .. Artsnn Kntlowitz

Payroll SupanIDr ..
Olllca Co-ardinator
Clnllliad Manager. ..
Composition Manager . . . . . . . . . . .. Mullaita Wassormen
Advertising Satan: Polar Forward. Mlku Kraimor. Giana Hall. Null Suuamun.
Advertising Production Managers: June Hirsch. Mindy Horowitz. Advsrtlllng
Production: Randoo Better. Mlchntla Horowitz. Julio Mark. Eiluun Sluvin.
Rhonda Wolt. Office Staff: Guy Porous

  
 

 

J. Nat Durlchl-q. Product/on Manager

..Ctl|hla Ryan
  ...BlllEon|lIa
Puts-up: Gnil Morrutl. Putty Mitchell. Typllta: Bill Bouncy. Jim Caponola.
Erica D’Adnrrto. Mary Dunnun. Mickey Frank. Joanne GIIdursleovu. Ellzuboth
Huyntnn. Ginny Huber. Mary Alice Llpka. Mark thltar

 

Chlsl Typnstter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..

    

Supplied principally try Urttvuistty Photo Service. a student group.

Chlul Photographer: DiIVU Ashui. UPS Stall: Chuck Bolnstutn. Laura Bostick.
Alnn Calum. Amy Cottun. sherry Cohan. David Hanson. Mlcltolu Kulchum,
Hilary ernri. Ea Marnsstctt. Lots Mntttittoni. Alan Mantle. Suartn Elalnu Mirt-
tilt-.h. Juan Mauritania. David Rivera. Lisa Simmons. Erica Sputgut. Srrrtrt
Stutttkantp, Wrtiron Stout. Jnrt Valentino. Minty Wulcou. WIII Yunnan

Entire contents capyrlaht rim Albany Student Pronr Corporation, all
rights ritmrvad,

The Albany Sttruant Plush its publishud Tuesdays Lind Frlrtnys ttutwuon
August and June by Hill Albany Strident PtuES Corporation. an Indurninttunt
not-Iorproltt corporation.

Editorials ant writtun by the Editor In Chief wtttt members ot the Editorial
Umttd‘, policy is subjuct to rnvtuw by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
tnilly iirllont editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 320
i400 Washington Avu.
Albany. NY 12222
(501)457‘13602I3322I3380

duos not ttrrrzr

 

 

 

' tions from Central Council was that Chairman Jeff Fromm

was causing them to leave.

My questions are these: 1) Why is a writer’s interpreta-
tion and not hard news given the most desirable spot in the
newspaper. front page center, above the fold? 2) Although
l'm sure Mr. Ncco and Mr. Nelson meant what they said
and honestly felt it, it is the job of the ASP to give us the
relationship between these two and Fromm. along with in-
sight into their council record and behavior. Once again.
not thui Need and Nelson are unreliable. but it's the ASP‘s
job to place their quotes in proper context. Why weren't
their quotes challenged? 3) Furthermore. why doesn't the
ASP inttkc mention of the fact that almost rill SA orgiinim-
tions have high turnovers in staff? i‘m sure they don't have
to look very far to had one. Doesn't it scent obvious that
those people who qttit an urgunimtion have worse things to
say about ttiititagcntcrti than those who stay? The thought
of those who are disgruntled should lie offset by those who
rircn'i. Why weren't the remaining council members intcr-
viewed lty tltc ASP if insights irtto the situation wcrc
dcsitcd'.’ 4) Why tilt: the number of quotes attributed to tltc
defense at i-‘iorntti and SA overwhelmed with Ilrosc
dctrintcntal'.‘ in tire first tltirtccit paragraphs 1W1) ttrL‘
quotes or statements dctcttdiug l‘rlllltltl. i have no
answer s to Ilrcsc qircsliotis. lilon'l know wiry l-rornnt‘s pic-
llttc “(h placed in such it huge and prominent way on the
irotit page Itesl ion ditittttging quote, Part or the parody the
ASP run so successfully litst April l'ortl's regarding the scsii-
llilitttllsltl ot lltt‘ New \ork l’ost dealt with misleading
headlines and quotes uikcn otrt of context. What is ilIL' dit—
fcrcitcc bctuccn ihiti tilltl placing the picture of the in-
dividual irt question next to a drnnrigittg quote front till
adversary who was just giving his opinion, when any
number of quotes could have bccrt uscd't

()rtcc itgrtin, l have no answers to these questions.
However. there is one thing tltttt sticks irt rtty rnirtd. i scum
to remember tilt ASP cditoriul criticizing Frontnt's ability as
Central Council ('hitir. most notably his knowledge of the
law. which were rttct with anger front Fromm. I certainly
hope the answer to rtty questions don't lie in this conflict--
soinebody's life is too valuable to plrty witlt.

——.loscph 'l‘relln

Full recognition

To the Editor:

13y nov . most people should be aware that February has
been designated as Black History Month. That a specific
period of time has to be set aside for such an observance.
demonstrates ttow fur Black people have to go before ob-
taining full recognition for their contributions to mankind.

Contrary to what is written in mrnty history books. and
what unfortunately is still believed by too many people. the
history of lilrtcks fit this world goes far beyond tltc first cort-
tttct with Africans by the Europeans. Little is ever said of
tire Empires of Ghana. Mali. iicniri or of the tuicicnt city
sirtte of Zimbabwe; all of which flourished at ti time when
Europe was til the and of its dark ages.

Artcicrtt African contributions to human life are exten-
sive. 'l'ltcy touched on just about all facets of our lives and
ranged from tltc arts through tltc sciences. interestingly.
while the artisans of Western Africa were casting bronze
and formulating tltc “Lost Wax Procc s" (wlticlt is still tltc
accepted way of casting sculptures). [European artisans
knew of no such skill. in Northern Africa. which is now
known as ligypt. lntlt'otcp diagnosed and Irctitcd diseases
2.000 y was before tltc (ircck l-lippocratcs wits borrt. Yet
ilippocr'iitcs is credited its being the father of modern
medicine. it is ironic that tltc word “hypocracy” originates
from his name.

 

Black history month however, is not restricted to what
took place irt Africa prior to tire arrival of tile Europeans.
l’c0plc of African descent ltirvc make significant contribu-
tions, built in the past and in tltc present which 112th int-
provcd tltc quality of life for us all. How many of us
(regardless of race) realize that such everyday things as
peanut-butter. the traffic light. the autontdbilc'hcadligltt.
the first U.S. clock and other items upon which we rely on
so heavily. cantc front the hands and minds of Black folks.
The list could go on. and ort;1towcvcr. Wltitc historians still
chose to treat Illuck history as insignificant to the develop-
ment of America and other parts of the world. Current tex-
tbooks still deal with the subject in the slime old plantation
manner which holds that: “Before us (whites) they were
just savages running about naked." Changing that type of
mentality is it slow process. nevertheless. ottc that is essen-
tial and can be done with an understanding of Black
history.

when Carter (i. Woodson initiated the idea of Black
history \t'cck iii 1926. his aim was threefold. First he had in
rttirtd a celebration irt honor of the rich ctrltiirc of Black
people. Secondly. hc envisioned a time to review Black
achievements. And finally, ltc wanted to encourage lllll
contprcltcusittrt and appreciation of what it is to bc illitck.
in short, a timc for liiuck people to learn more about
tltcrtts‘clvcs.

We cart all learn tl little bit more. Titc Deparirttcni of
African and Afro-Arttcricutt Studies, and to some L‘.\1L‘lil
the Department of Pucrto Rican. Latin Attlt‘fl‘ttlt nttd
Caribbean Studies offer causes that cart help us further orrr
knowledge of Black life. past and present. Willi that infur-
nttttion maybe we can better shape the future. All of its. no
matter the race. can only benefit from such knowledge.

—-i’cter Gis'cornhe

 

 

 

 

 

