 

 

  

 
 

v.2. m“:

  

 

   
    
   
   
   
   
  

 

    
  

 

  
  
  
  
    
   
    
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
   
     
    
      
  
   
  
     
 
  
     
     
  
    
    
  
       
     
   
   
    
    
 
   
   
     
    
    
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
    
   
   
      
     
 
 
   
     
        

  

 

 

WODWIDE

   

More Marines likely

Beirut. Lebanon
(AP) Presidetrt Reagan is ready to send addi-
tional marines to Lebanon for peacekeeping
drrty If necessary. special Lebanese envoy
Saeb Salam said Monday after returning
from a week's talks in Washington.

Salam. a former prime minister and special
representative of President Amln Oemayel.
said Reagan showed his “readiness to assist
Lebanon in many fields. even by sending ad-
ditional marines." “This will depend on the
necessity for such a move." Salam sald.

There are already 1.200 US. Marines with
the multinational peacekeeping force in
I ebartotr. atrd their commander. Col. James
M. Mead. has reported several confronta-
tions with Israeli troops. On Sunday. Mead
said that Israel's "indiscriminate" rtse of
“reconnaissance by fire" tactics to flush otrt
guerrillas endangers civilians artd members of
tlte tnultinatiomtl peacekeeping force.

(iunrrten fired ba/ookas and small arms at
art Israeli position east of lieirut Sunday
night and rm'kct-propcllcd grcrtades at an‘
lstacli patrol southeast of Beirut Monday.
but tltete were rto casualties. the Tel Aviv
comtttand said.

The lsrnclis invaded Lebanon .ltrrrc b to
smash the Palestine Liberation ()rgani/utintt
and refuse to withdraw trntil they ltave securi-
ty grrararrtees along Lebanon‘s southern
border witlt Israel. lsrttcl detnands a
sirrmltaneous withdrawal of Syrian troops
from Lebanon when Israeli forces pttll out.
The Syr iarts have been in-I.cbauon sittcc snuf-
ting ottt Iltc |‘)75-7(r Moslem-(‘ltristian civil
war. artd pro\it.le cover for Pl.() guerrillas
operating lll northern and eastern prtrts ol'thc
cottttlty.

Protests greet flattop

Saw/m. .lupu/t
(AP) The LLS. aircraft carrier Enterprise
docked at this southwestern Japanese port
Monday rrrorning amid protests by
demonstrators wlto claimed the I'lattop truly
be armed with nuclear weapotts.

Si\ demonstrators irt a small boat wcr‘c ar-
tcstcd after lttrrlirtg whrtt were believed to be
smoke bortrbs at a patrol vessel of Japan's
Maritime Safety Agency Sascho police
reported. They said the six were arrested
about fltI tnitrtrtcs before the litttcrprise dock-
ed at 9 am. (7 pin. EST Sunday). and they
were in one o!" 26 boats launched by
demonstrators protesting the four-day visit
of tlte nuclear-powered Enterprise.

A police spokestnan said the Maritime
Safety Agency had 24 patrol boats at the
scene to maintain order.

Police c\pccted sorrrc ltt.t)t)t)
demonstrators would stage a rally later Morr-
day. and Il.000 riot police were mobiliz-
I.‘(l.

Britain meets Arabs

g Loltrlort
(AP) After months of haggling over British
objections to the inclusion of PLO rcprcscn»
tativc. an Arab League delegation and
goverrunettt officials held talks Friday that
may improve Britain’s troubled relations
with the Arab world.
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher artd

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS If] MARCH 22, l983

Foreign Secretary Francis Pym scheduled
talks with the seven-member delegation led
by Jordan's King Hussein following a recep-
tion at the Foreign Office. Later in the day.
the delegation headed by King Hussein of
Jordan drove to Buckingham Palace for an
audience with Queen Elizabeth ll.

British officials said the delegation‘s visit
will provide an opportunity for a broad
review of Middle East peace plans. including
President Reagan's September Proposal call-
ing foi self-determination for West Bank
Palestinians. in association with Jordan. Bri-
tain supports the initiative. which has made
no visible headway.

The Arab League cancelled its original visit
to London. scheduled for but November.
after the British government objected to the
presence irt it of Farouk Kaddoumi. the of-
ficial foreign affairs spokesman for the
Palestine Liberation Organization. Britain.
which has refused to recognize the PLO
unless it renounccs terrorism and admits that
Israel has a right to exist within secure
borders said Kaddoumi would not he permit-
ted to prrrticipate in talks with Mrs. Thatcher
and Pynr. Kaddoumi has been dropped from
the current dclegrttiott.

NATIONWIDE
B  “'F‘ S -

EPA head named

thla‘lllIlHlU/I, D. C.
(AP) President Reagan Monday nominated
William I). Ruckelshaus for a second tour as
chief of the linvironmcntal Protection Agen-
cy and the corporate official said he has a
"free hand" to rttn the belcagtrercd agency.

RL gatr personally announced the nomina-
tiott and said of Rnckclshuus: “No one could
bring rttorc impressive credentials . . . lie is
Ilte r'iglrt truth for the right job at the right
titne . . ." Artrtc Mc(iill llnrford rcsigttcd as
I~IPA administrator on Marclt 9 after half-a-
do/cn congressional panels lanncltcd in-
vestigatiotts of tile lil’A.

Ruckclshaus. a vice president for
chcrhaeuscr. tltc timber firm. was the ﬁrst
director of IEPA. tntdcr President Nixon. He
stood beside Reagan who sang his praises "as
totrglt. fair arid highly competent."

The White llottsc hopes the ttotnittatiort
will In ing credibility to the lunch-investigated
lil’A. and Ruckelshaus. when asked how
rntrclt independence was given. told
reporters: “I have a free hand.“

STATEWIDE
B R [E F’S-v

   

Shoreham unsafe

Shore/tum. N. Y.
IAP) Imagine building an aircraft. Not just a
run-of-tltc-mill plane. btrt a real “aircraft.”
the pride of the fleet. ltnaginc spending a
decade attd till billion on it. Now. just when
It is ready to fly. think about being told it
should be grounded permanently because it's
conceivable it could crash attd lturt people.
That‘s how Long lslattd Lighting Co. feels
about its Shoreham ttuclcar power project.
an 8t)‘)-mcgawatt plain the utility says will be
r-ady for generation early next year. Suffolk
County lixccutivc Peter Coltalan and the
County Legislature say the risk of a serious
accident at the plant is too grcrtt to let l.ll.(.‘()
cvcr generate corrrrnercial electricity there.
Shoreham is a new cltaptcr in the state's

 

 

 

nuclear power. saga: a project that is en-

countering opposltion nm in Its formative

stages of construction. such as Nine Mile‘
Point 2. and not after it had been generating

electricity for years like the lndian‘Point

plants. Shoreham's woes have arrive at just I
the worst time for LlLCO: after the utility

has spent billions constructing the plant and

before it has gotten a cent‘s worth of power

from its nuclear generator.

Suffolk County officials have concluded
that Long Island ls. too popttlous and major
roads too few to ever risk starting that
generator up. “You almost have to believe in
the Tooth Fairy if you think that we could
evacuate the people of Long Island in the
event of a nuclear accident at Shoreham."
said Cohalan. a Republican who is seeking
re-clection this November. Some opponents
have attributed his adamance on Shoreham
in part to that impending rc-clectlon bid.

Bridget pact penned

Albany. N. Y.
(AP) The job for Gov. Mario Cuomo and
lcgi'l' tive leaders this week is to write the
spe fie language that will translate their
“general agreement" for a new $31.62 billion
state btrdgct htto reality.

Late Friday afternoon, Cuotno rtrrd tltc
legislative leaders reached agtecrnettt after a
one attd a ltalf hour negotiating session. "We
ltave hatl sortie pleasant announcements over
the last 76 or 77 days: we have another one."
said (‘uomo as he atrnorrnccd the rcerncrrt
at a Friday cvcttittg news conference with the
leaders. Tltc new budget calls for spending
about 7 pcrccttt higher than in the state's cur-
rcrtt fiscal year which ends March 3i. Cuomo
said the details of how the final budget wottld
look would cotnc out this week.

0 The next ASP will

 

   

 

The agreement calls for no increases in the
state's three major taxes — sales. personal in-
cOme and corporate franchise taxes.
However. the new budget will require higltcr

-taxes on alcoholic beverages and cigarettes

and increased fees for driver's licenses and
automobile registrations.

'And the new agreement calls for a to per-
cent capital gains tax on all real estate taxes in
the state worth more than $1 million. In all.
the new taxes and fees will cost New Yorkers
more than $900 million in the next year.

Strike talks stalled

New York City
(AP) Negotiators went back to the bargain-
ing table Sunday night lll tropes of ending the
trainmen's strike against the Metro-North
Railroad. but it appeared the walkout would
go into its third week with the parties stalled
over the issue of crew size.

Officials of the Metropolitan.Transporta-
tion Authority. the parent organization of
Metro-North. had hoped to have the trains
running again by the morning rush.
However. as midnight approached, there was
no sign of an agreement. arid it was likely
that 90.000 cotnrnrrters would face at least
one more day of using buses. subways and
cars to get to work. M'I‘A Chairman Richard
Ravitch had told reporters earlier that the
system needed six hours to get rolling.

As the two sides arrived for their ntcctirrg
at MTA headquarters. there was no evidence
of rnovctucrtt on the central issue: manage-
ment‘s insistence on ctrding a traditional
system of negotiating crew consist. or si/c.
with tlte trainmcn's rtrriorr.

Ravitch told reporters as lte arrived. “My
position on the crew consist has not
changed." The M'l’A. the parent authority ttl
Metro-North. is seeking the sole power to
dctcrtnine the si/.c of its train crews.

be April 8

0 Today is the last to drop a class.

Remember, it’s hell from here on in.

 

mg.

 

 

 

 

 

lly Karen Plrozzl

 

Four SUNYA students have filed suits
against the State of New York for damages
resulting front a fire in their State Quad suite
last year. according to SA rtttortrcy Mark
Mishlcr.

The separate suits were filed March 15 by
Mishlcr on behalf of four women. Ellen
Binder. Diane Pine. Madeline Kelstien and
Tina Levy against the State of New York.
State University of New York. State Univer-
sity of New York at Albany and the New
York State Dormitory Authority. Tire state
has unitl April 24. 1983 to make formal
answer to the suit.

The fire occurred Dec. I4. I98]. on the
l4th [tour of State Quad‘s Eastman Tower.
The fire. which was discovered around 6
pm. by one of the students. destroyed
almost everything in the room belonging to
lliuder and Levy. where it started. Although
the adjacent room in the suite. belonging to
Pine and Kelstien. did not actually catch fire.
tnost of the contents of the room were
damaged by smoke. treat. and water. i

The four women rrre seeking reimburse-
rrtent for their loss of property arid the money
they had paid for housing becarrse they did
ttot rise the roorn for tire contracted period,
attd $25.000 it] personal distress. The otltcr
two students who rcstdctl in the suite are not
seeking damages.

According to Misltler. the four women fil—
ed a notice of intention to file a claim lrtst
March. preserving their rigltt to sue after a
90-day deadline for filing. There has been no
offer for otrt-of—court settlement frotn the
state.

The official ttttivcrsity report. according to
Mishlcr. stated that the students were
negligent bccattse art extension cord of theirs
caused the fire. Mishlcr contended that the
fire was started instead by a university lamp.
which was located in the satire spot. This was
indicated by Albany Fire Department person-
nel responding to the “cue. Mishlcr said. but
was not stated specifically in their report.
which listed the cause of the ﬁre as “elces

 

 

 

trical".

“From my own investigation of what hap-
pcned. and an examination of reports sub-
mitted by others such as the fire department
and the plant department of SUNYA. I
believe the fire was caused by negligence on
the part of SUNY and not in any way the part
of the students." Mishlcr said. “At this point
there is no way to know exactly what caused
the fire. It's just clear that it was electrical.
We may have to hire art electrical expert to
examine the evidence."

Misltlcr said the suit includes two separate
sections. or causes of action. The first is has-
ed on negligence. charging the state with
“failure to perforru their dttty to claimant It)
maintain electrical outlets. electrical wiring.
lighting fixtures and lamps." The second
cause of action charges the state with a
breach of an implied promise in the
claimant‘s housing contract. "In the contract
was a warranty by defendants that no condi-
tiott existed on the premises which was
dangerous. ha/ardons or detrimental to clai-
mant‘s life or safety." artd ‘this was In arched
“in that there were defects itt the electrical
wiring. outlets. fixtures attd lamps in suite
I402.“

Dennis Stevens. Director of Physical Plant
artd Assistant Vice President of facilities
management. said he was not free to corn-
rrtcnt on the case.

Mishlcr_cxp|ained that after the state goes
on record as answering each claitn irt the suit.
there will be a period of prc-trial disclosure.
dttriug which both sides exchange informa—
tion. a settlement cart be rmrdc at arty time. if
no settlentcnt is tnadc. the case will go to trial
at the Court of Claims.

According to llindcr. tltc four decided to
sue because. “fwc deserve ottr stuff brick. The
school acknowledged receiving notice of ottr
irtlcntiott to sue. but they never told trs yes
atrd never told us rto. They just kind of ig—
nored us."

Stevens poitttcd otrt that it is generally the
responsibility of the clninrant to file suit
against the state before receiving payment for
damages. l l

  

. r' MARCH'22.r I983. I2_ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

Four students file suits claiming fire damages “

 

A

12',
4a.. G
V

 

State Quad's Eastman Tower
(‘rrtrs‘e of hlrtze Iermerl simply “eleclrlcul. "

 

 

 

 

 

University Senator protests executive resolution

 

By Debbie Judge
.\‘I: "‘5' It)! IUR

 

University Senator Phillip Chonigman has
leveled a campaign against the recent dif-
fcrctttial tuition resolution reached by the
Senate Executive Committee in a Feb. lit
cntcrgcncy session. charging that the resolu-
tiort was reached by a non-rcprcsentative
fraction of tile entire Senate. The resolution.
that tuition at university centers be higher
than otltcr SUNYA schools. was passed [0-2

by an executive cornrnisslon vote during the
Fcbrttary meeting. In a two-page letter to
President O‘l.cary (‘honigmau charged that
dttrittg a March l4 Senate meeting a motion
was blocked to discuss the differential trrition
resolution. He added tltc committee‘s deci-
sion was convc 'cd to the Senate in a one»
scntettcc notice inchtdcd in the ('onttttittec's
Report to the Senate.

“l dare say that few Senators noticed Iltc
item." (‘honigmau wrote. “There is little
doubt that the relevance artd itnportarrce of

 

 

   

REVIEW

pr

 

Class at '84 Counell will hold a
meeting on Tuesday. March 22. at
to pm. In the Flreslde Lounge. Etoc-
tlons procedures wlll be discussed.
Members of the Class at '84,aro
welcome to attend.

"Christian Attitudes Toward Israel"
wtlt be discussed by Slater Cectlla
Holbrook on Wednesday. March 23,
at 8 pm. In the Campus Center
Ballroom.

Assertlvonuss Tratnlng tor Woman
wlll bu ollorod on Wednesday,
March 23. from 7 pm. to 9 pm. on
Dutch Quad. Schuyler t03.

OF EVENTS
at a x  :

ASUBA ls sponsorth a torum antItl»
ed "Where Do We Go From Here?"
on Wednesday. March 23. at 7:30
pm. In the PAC Rocltal Hall. The
evening will feature mtnorlty
senators and reproaorttatlves trom
the State Capltal.

"Labor Relations" wlll be the toplc
ot a lecture presented by Mr. Jack
Houtlhan on Thursday. March 24, at
6:30 pm. In LC 5. sponsored by The
Ptadgo Class oI Dolta Slgma PI.

The last day to drop a semester
course In Tuosday. March 22. You
can plck up drop Iorrns In CUE.

4+2 Is an altarnatlve llvlng envlron-
mant whose members are
dedlcatod to a set oI personal
values that wtlI load to a better com-
munlty. It you're Interested In par-
Ilctpatlng In this program attend an
Interest moutan on Tuesday. March
22, at 10 pm. In the Indian Quad
Penthouse.

Over 100 positions In student
government are open thla your.
Nornlnatlon lorma can be picked up
at the SA olllca. II you‘re Interested
In gottan Involved stop by the SA
ottlco or glvo thorn a call at
457~8087.

Mohawk Valley Arehooloqlcal Flold
School will hold an lntoroat
meeting on Wednesday. March 23,
at 7 pm. In LC 2.

Senior portrait proola and orders
are due. Studlo reps wlll be on cam-
pus Aprll 6-8, 10-4 pm. outslde CC

Nomlnated a Teacher or advtaor tor
the Fourth Annual Excellence In
r Teaching and Advising Awards.
Nomlnatton tortna are avallabto In
the SA ottlco (00116) and must be
returned by Friday. March 25.

Science Flctlon wrltor Samuel R.
Dolunoy wlll speak on Tuesday.
March 22. at ti part. In tho Campus
Cantor Assembly Hall. Ho will be
apoaklng on "Thu Nocosalty ol
Tornorrowo“ and adtntsalon Ia troo.

An Introduction to job aoarehlng
wlll bo oltororl truth 4: t5 pan. to 6:15
pm. In ED t20.

Speclal Olympics wIII hold an In-
Iorost meeting on Wednesday.
March 23. at 7:30 pm. In LC 11. Thls
Is a chance to help with fundrais-
tng. sports tralnlng. area games and
motel For more tnlormatlon call
457.3068.

Ftnanclat Aid appllcatlons tot
1983-84 are due In just one short
month. Donald Whttlock romtuds
sludonls that fully comptutud
SUNYA applications. with all to-
qulrod Incomo ttocumontatlou.
must be postmarked or returned to
tho Olllco ol Financial Aid no later
that April 22. 1983. The deadline
rotors to applicatlona lot campus
basod aid (National Dlror:t Student
Loan. Collogo Work-Study and Sup
plomontal Educational Opportunlty
Grunt).

r

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Unlverslty Pottce have recovered 235 assorted shlrts balleved to have been
stolen lrom Dutch Quad washrooms resulting In the arrest of two students March
12. The students. according to Assistant Director ol University Police John
Henlghan, were In the process of setttng the shirts when they were arrested.

The students were arratgnod belore Albany Police Court Judge Morton M. 2.
Lynn on March 13th and released on $500 ball. according to court records. They
are scheduled to reappear In court thls Wednesday.

The shirts are now being held at the Department of Public Saloty. where they
may be IdontIIIad and elalmed by their owners.

WILL VUnMAN UPS

 

—- Debbie .lutlge

the matter was inamtropriatcly relayed to lhc
Senate."

('ltonigman pointed ottt that the resolution
itt its entirety was not made readily accessible
to Senators. since it was not ittclttdcd iii the
information packets distribtrted among
Senators prior to tire meeting. It was only
listed as beittg available ill the Senate office.
The measure. ('honigntan said. was intended
to keep the matter from the entire Senate. In
discussing his case. ltc observed that otte-
tltird of the members on the full Senate are
students. whilconlx one student S.-\ l‘Icstr
dcttt Mike ("ram is represented on the
IZ-member l-sccntit c ('ouunittee.

At the lttll Senate meeting rrtt \latclt l»t.
t'honignran said he tt'tjttcstctl that the slll‘lt't'l
of the differential tuition be discussed. \
\otc was taken on wltcthct to addtcss tltc
matter. (‘honiyman continued. resulting ill a
l(r-l(\ tie. ('haituran I’ctct ll. ls'rosby w.rs cm»
powered to break the tic. which he did.
casting the deciding \otc against bringing up
the resolution. said t'honigmart. ‘

According ltt ('lronigman. Kt‘ttsby said “it
was too itnpottant an issue to discuss in only
ten minutes" wlten questioned about the
vote. (‘honigman noted in his letter that tile
topic was brought rrp at 4:50 in It meeting
scltedulcd to close at 5; however. Ire also
trotcd that the (‘hair is capable of at op-
tions in tire situation. including t'c .sing un-
til a litter date. extending the meeting. or
tabling tltc cutrcrtt topic.

"With all due respect lb Chairman
ls’rosby. this seemed to be a wholly inade-
quate reason to withhold discussion of the
matter.“ t‘honigtnan wrote. He also added
later, "There is no tcasort for the tnatter to
not be on the agenda.“ .

ls'rosby could not be reached for cottttncttt.

(‘honigman also questioned the necessity
of tltc Fcb. ltt entcrgcucy Executive Commit»
tee session itscll'. According to the resolution,
the corrrrttittee c\crciscd its authority ttnder
the Faculty lly-l aws, which allows it to act
for the Senate “on urgent nratters at such
times as it is clearly itttpractical or impossible
to cottvcne tltc Senate."

 
  

'l Ire Senator questioned this poitrt on tltrec
counts: one. can the Executirc (‘omurittee
act on behalf of the entire Senate arty little it
matter requires attention between regularly
scheduled meetings. or only when the Senate
cannot in fact lc called together: two. to
what cstettt must the committec inform the
Senate of its actions; amt tlrrce. sltotrld art
issrrc of such urgency as a matter of course be
brought before rlte nest full Senate meeting.

He pointed out that the issue. at first
urgent because of the Match | deadline for
the ltoatd of trustee‘s ltndgct proposal. was
still pending at tltc time of the March l~l
Senate rncctittg. tltc State | cgislatutc lta\ittg
ttlIlll .\ptil l to adopt the budget. "It escapes
.rll reasoning." t honigmatr wrote. “for tltc
resolution to ban- not been rrtclrulcd on the
agenda for Monday's Senate lttcctlltg."

t'honigman said he had spolwn to other
s‘cnators on the matter. not all of whom were
against the differential tuition idea but all of
whom. Ire said. felt the opportunity for
discussion should lta\c been provided.

Scuanr Cathy l aSusa supported the basic
idea of (‘hottigman‘s letttt. saying the |,-‘.\
ccuti\e Committee “actcrt in good faith itt
using their powers.“ llttt. site also said the
issrrc definitely should have been discussed at
the Senate meeting. calling ('Itair'man
ls’rosby's reason for not discussing the issue
“very poor. The urgency is still there."
site said. "The meeting could have been ex-
tended." l.aSusa also said the Senator's
would have been tnore willing to vote for
discussion after looking overall the facts aml
reviewing tltcttt. "It they'd known. it cottld
ltave been close." site .'

Senator's who were against differential tui-
tion would probably eotrtirutc trying to
discuss it. l.aSusa said. “We'llch a hold of
as trtarty Senators as possible and try to pill
on pressure."

t'oucluding his letter. Cltouigman appeal-
cd to President t)'l.eary to call a special
meeting of the Senate to discuss the issue
before the Spring break. or. if that is not
within his power. that the president tttakc a

11»

 

