 Lu...” .

 Maﬁa”...me

w v:

," “75,—”..m4» ..

«......

‘ “*5” "“- fr 

v.

 

 

 

oh...

. . .1... ... . ~w.w.=1—_u

 

 

 

'"E D

ITORI

A L

Bored to death in El Salvador

M ost people are tired of hearing about
it. For about the past two years, all

they’ve been hearing is “El Salvador,.
el sehmalvador.” Even the Pope’s visit to
Central America aroused little enthusiasm
— except for the hundreds of thousands of

people who turned out to hear him speak.

We North Americans might be tired of
hearing about revolutionary movements,
but for the people who live in Central
America, it’s not so boring. Even though a
civil war may last for years, you doesn’t lose
your interest so easily when it’s running

your life.

The Reagan administration isn’t so bored
with El Salvador, either. A ihonth ago the
president certified that the government had
improved its human rights record. This
congressionaliy-mandated certification was

a step toward continuing aid to the military.

Last week he proposed a huge increase in
military aid, and may be considering a
change in the status of military advisors in
‘El Salvador. Now they’re not supposed to
be in combat, but this change would allow
them to lead the El Salvadoran army._

This proposal for increased aid is based
on the' idea that the Salvadoran army can
defeat the rebels. This has been the premise
for years of military support for the regiem,
and the war continues. Occasionally, the
rebels will claim a battle won or the army
will claim the end is near, but nothing really
has changed.

This military solution is no answer. It has
been the excuse for adventuristic actions like
the planned invasion of Nicagaragua, and
support for other repressive regicms in the
region such a Guatamaia. The view of most
independent observers is that no one can win

a military victory in El Salvador. The
FMLN has too strong a hold in the coun-
tryside, and the government has too strong a
hold of the cities.

With the architects of Vietnam back in
power, a political solution is unlikely to be
sought. Some people in Congress will cort-
tinue to oppose such military aid, but it will
be the backbone of Reagan‘s Central
American policy. He can get away with it
because he thinks that El Salvador is no
longer an issue — that people are bored with
hearing about more death squad murders,
more army battles.

Unless people continue the pressure
against aid to repressive governments,
Reagan will get his wish. It may not seem to
be the most pressing issue of the day to us,
but to the people of Central America it is
life. Or death. t

 

C

 

OL‘U

M

N

 

 

Freedom from coercion

I Eight SUNY students (including the author) are challeng-
trig the use of mandatory student activity fees to frind the
New York Public interest Research (iroup (NYI’IRG), an
ideologically-oriented lobbying group. The basis of ottr
concern in bringing suit is clear: a fundamental violation of
individual rights occurs when a student is forced to support
a political group he or she philosophically opposes. As
Thomas Jefferson cogently observed: “to compel a man to
furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opi-
nions which he disbelieves is sinful and tyrannical."

Thomas W. Carroll

From the time the class- action lawsuit was brotigltt in
Federal District Court several weeks ago. NYPIRG and the
Albany Student Press have obfuscated tltc central issue
(that is, the unconstitutionality of cocrced financing of
NYPIRG) with commentary based on personal attacks and
distortions of fact. The need has arisen to introduce into
the current dialogue a forthright discussion of the questions
that have been raised.

What precisely are the eight SUN l’ students sec/ring by
filing this lawsuil? We are seeking three things: first, it 
fund of over one million dollars in past collections of fees
to the students who were forced to pay the fee to NYPIRG;
second, a halt to all future forced collections of NYI’IRG
fees; and, third, payment of prtnitive damages by
NYPIRG. NYPIRG according to an ASP article receives
Sl.8 million in voluntary contributions, grants, and pro-
gram income. Student political contributions to NYl’lRCi
should be voluntary also. If NYPIRG does indeed represent
studcnl concerns. it should have no rrotrbie in gaining stu-
dent contributions wilhout resorting to coercion.

What are the student plaintiffs not sec/ting with this
lawsuit? We are not seeking to restrict NYPIRG‘s right to
exist on this and other campuses nor do we seek to limit
NYPIRG‘s ability to organize and speak out on any
political issues. NYPIRG's efforts should not, though, be
funded with proceeds from mandatory student fees. As a
practical matter, with the $1.8 million involuntary con-
tributions that it currently receives. NYPIRG would still be
able to advance its agenda without any funds from the
mandatory fee. Only NYPIRG's ability to expropriate otir
personal money is being challenged. t

Does the fact Ilia! students vote on N YPIRG funding in a
referendum every several years make their use of man-

dowry funds constitutional? Absolutely not! The United
States Constitution is the supreme law of the land not
SUNYA referendums. The Surpetrtc Court has consistently
struck down referendums adopted by voters whenever these
conﬂicted with constitutionally-protccted rights. The
reasoning is simple. Our founding fathers, fearing the

powers of the state and of an unchecked majority, sought
to provide protections for individuals against (among other
things) political coercion. Our constitutionally-protected
right to be free to support or oppose political issues or
groups cannot be taken away by a student referendum. In
short, a referendum cannot overrule the Constitution.

But, don ‘I SUN Y students like on y other association of
people have the right to band together and tax themselves
to support groups? Aside from the problems with
ananalogy between the way NYPIRG is funded and the way
taxes are usually levied. neither taxes nor student funds

A

 

 

......uuru-vsui...

may be used for unconstitutional purposes. Forced support
of political groups is unconstitutional.

But, aren 'I the student plaintiffs represented by a legal
foundation that is supported in part by corporations who
have been on the other side of NI’PIRG on a variety of
issues? Despite the emphasis of NYPIRG and some others
on ad hominem attacks against us and our legal counsel,
the assertions are simply irrelevant. Whether NYPIRG's
funding mechanism is constitutional is the only real issue —
the issue that NYPIRG has interestingly failed to address.

Doesn ’I this lawsuit strike a blow to "academic
freedom"? On the contrary, the lawsuit strikes a blowfor
the doctrine of academic freedom. According to the doc-
trine of academic freedom, what a professor teaches in a
classroom or pursues through research should not be sub-
ject to external ideological control. For, if anything, the
university must allow the free, tincoerccd discussion of
ideas. The umbrella of academic frEedom, though, must
also extend to students. To be logically consistent,
defenders of academic freedom must be at the forefront of
the effort to eliminate coerced strident financing of par-
ticular political opinions. The current policy is blatantly in-
imical to academic freedom.

Why should students of all political persuasiqu support
the position of the eight students who brought the lawsuit?

All students should object to coerced funding of NYl‘lltti.
Whether NYPIRG’s positions are rigltt or wrong, whether
they are supported by a minority or majority, llIL‘\ll.’llllL‘
constitutional violations arise frorn their funding
mechanism. As the Supreme Court observed iii a I976 deci-
sion, “an individual slrouid be free to believe as he will and

. . in a free society one's beliefs should be shaped by his
mind and conscience and nor coerced. . ."

In summary, with our suit, we seek to protect individual
political freedoms oi' every student whether a Republican,
Democrat, conservative, liberal or any other political per-
suasion. The suit is not a contest of politics. but rtlilict a
fight for the right ot' all students —- regardless of their
political philosophy —— to free political expression and
freedom frorn political coercion.

 

Editor's note: The nut/tor is one of eight SUN Y .l'fltt/t‘llh
who joiner] in filing (I class action suit against N YI’IRG‘, l/li'
SUN Y board of Trustees uttd seven SUN Y uttivcm‘itict tllitl
colleges Ilia! support N YPIRG through liltlllt/tlltll‘)‘ .ttnt/i'n/
activin fees. Besides the author, the SUN Y Allin/iv
students that are plaintiffs in the suit are Craig J. Rm'lviv.
Robert J. Carroll, Edwin Jimenez, (lllt/ Emanuel .l. Pit/rm.

 

\e
\\

\V

\\

 

 

 

was...

 

 

...r....

 

..M.....:«..,.....-t-tc......,. 511.4...“ ... ..».s.iwt..t.ir..1..r...> ». . ., .

 

 

 

 

r

3:722:732. .. » v 7W5???“

 

 

L E

 

T T E

R S

 

 

Stooping low

To the Editor:

A March 8th article entitled “The Threats Stoop Low,"
is a masterful work that highlights precisely what the col-
umn is concerned with . . . “Stooping low." In this article,
the editor tells us of a bomb scare against NYPIRG on
March 5, and then proceeds to infer that rightists are to
blame. The editor speaks of “rightist garbage" being
thrown at NYPIRG in the form of a lawsuit by eight SUNY
students, and then makes further inferences that they are
corporate stooges. As you might have guessed by now, i am
one of those “garbagcmen” that was referred to.

As a plaintiff involved in the NYPIRG suit, I feel it is
necessary to address some of these inferences. First and
foremost, I can assure you, Mr. Editor, that no one is more
appalled as we are by the recent bomb scare. The freedom
of assembly is a Constitutional rlglrt we clearly uphold. To
infer, in a very subtle manner, that it is rightists who made
such threats is an unfounded supposition, as well as being
throughly unwarranted. In fact. it does not even deserve
this gracious response.

It is important for those who are following this case not
to make the editor‘s wrong assumptions about the suit: (I)
The complaints are not directed at NYPIRG as art
organization (2) The issues raised are not a partisan, or a
right-left, controversy, as the editor tried to make ap-
parent. Political ideology has less tlinn no bearing on this
case, (3) The right of NYPIRG to exist is not at question,
nor is their right to use campus facilities a concern. (4) No
one questions NYPIRG's right to promote its own ideals,
and its positions on policy questions is completely irrclcvent
to the still. (5) What is our real concern pertains to forced
financing of an ideology. The rigltt of an individual not to
support a group with which he opposes is a right so basic as
to be an implied part of our Constitution. it is with this
question we stake our grievances.

Now if anyone would care to address this issue it would
be encouraged. I sincerely ltopc incidences of bomb threats
are not used as an introduction to the article, however, for
this tactic is an uncalled for inference that merits the anger
of anyone with decency.

—Cruig .I. Rucker

Shadow of despair

To the Editor:

St. Patrick's Day is approaching. It is a special day for
the irish filled with drinking, nierrimerit, parades, and of
course, smiling blue eyes. But when you‘re out that day at
the Grinch or wherever you may be celebrating, take a
moment to reflect on Ireland. Behind the beauty and hap-
piness lurks a shadow of despair which is caused by being
invaded by England for over 800 years. The banners that
frequent Fifth Avenue on March 17 sum it up: anland,
Get the Hell out of Ireland. England does not belong in
lreland, never did, and never will. Its presence not only
divides a country, but curses its inhabitants with real pain
and misery. Every time i visit Ireland and am stopped by
British soldiers for identification I feel a great surge of in-
describable pain and angry outrage. Since I‘m blessed to be
an American I encourtter no problems. That respect for
America should be trscd in behalf of Ireland. In the ltlllil‘s
an Irish poet wrote these words:

This, Patrick, is ttty quarrel with thee

That every enemy of thy flock is saying

That tlty cars are not cars that listen,

Tltttt thou art not troubled by the sight of I/lt‘ people,
That if they did trouble tltcc tltoii would '.\'I not deny thee.
lie with Il.'i' never/ltclcs'x with thy strong power.

Make our enemies to ([llll Irelandforcvcr.

Although I dovnot expect divine intervention from Saint
Patrick, I do expect the United States to involve itscll',in the

intolerable situation lreland finds itself In. The U.S.
government could at least voice an objection to the
undemocratic and immoral behavior of Great Britain.
Have we forgotten that we were once chained to the British
Empire? Although America was lucky and powerful
enough to break the bonds with its “mother country"
Ireland is unfortunately not, and therefore it is our duty to
lend our aid irt its fight for freedom. 1 hope to see a united
lreland in my lifetime for us irish never do stop dreaming
and hoping.

—I!rld Gallagher

Lowering the boom

To the Editor:

I was glad to see your article "Business Is Booming" in
the March 11 issttc in which a colleague and personal friend
of mine, Dr. Frank Kolmin, was extensively quoted.
However, he appears to have been misquoted about one
item.

In referring to the loss of three faculty members last year,
Dr. Kolinin is cited as saying "some of the teachers were
not given extensions to their contracts or tenure and had to
leave." Two of the three already had tenure and the third
was serving on a term appointment not yet up for review.
Since the three are still in this geographic area, this correc-
tion seems necessary.

—IIurold I.. Cannon
rl .s‘sociole Professor and
Acting (‘ltuirpervon of Accounting

Setting the record

To the Editor:

iti conversations with students on campus, I have sensed
a confusion about who the Israel groups are on campus,
and what they do. To the best of my knowledge, let me set
the record straight.

As far as l aru aware, there are No Israel groups on carri—
pus; Students For Israel (SI-l) and RZA (Revisionist Zionist
Alternative). As an aetive member of SF], I would like to
describe essentially wltal SI-‘l docs and how it is otgani/cd.
SFI cart be dislingtiislied from RZA in a few basic areas.
Firstly, Si’l is a multi-l'aceted organization. whose purpose
is to serve all students who are irtleresled iii the political.
social. cultural, and various other aspects of Israel. Accor—
dingly, we have subcommittees concerned with each of
these purposes. Many of our activities have been political
(i.e. Dr. Stephen Ilerk speaking on U.S.-lsracli relations
during isracl Awareness Week) hccause this is what most
people are interested in, btit we are lit)! strictly a political
organization. Slil does not espouse any particular
philosophy. In this respect, we are to be distinguished from
RZA who is affiliated with Betar, the youth movement of
the HL‘rlIl party and the newly formed Tagar.

There are a few general philosophies SFI does have:

> A devotion to educating students about Israel and tire
iiirportarrcc of U,S.-lsrtrcli relations.

> Providing assistance to those who want to go to Israel
to travel, work, study, or live.

> Insuring that people are not easily "taken in" by the
anti-Israel campus groups and the local press.

Si] is a committee of the Jewish Students Coalition-
lliliel.’ 'lluough llillel, diffcrcnt committees representing
different .lewisli interests are united orgariirationally, seri-
ding a message of .lewislt tiriity to the campus. Jewish unity,
in all of its forms, is crucial to Jewiin surviutl. llistorylras
proved this again and again. RZA is not al'” iated with
Ilillel, and therefore does not have arty OI’giIlIllllliiUIIIIl ties
with Sl-l. This docs not tIlt’ttIt that SFI does not cooperate
with RZA. Sl-l shares the general coritrriittinetit RZA has
toward the State of Israel and in opposing anti~lsrae| pro»
pagarida, and is willing to and has cooperated with thcrii on
special programs and events.

 

 

Q5
 ﬂspeotts

Dean Bl", Editor in CIIlBI
Wayne Pnnrobonm. EXECIIIIVB Editor
Mark (Eleanor. Managing Editor

.Tiiri Kaplowltz

  
   
 
    
 
 
 
  
 

Nawo Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .... ..
Alloclnla News Editors Debbie Judge. Duh Fiolnia
ASPeclI Edllor . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . .. Debbie Mlllrnan
Allocllll ASPocto Edliorl an G Iaytor. Gail MottDII
Sound Editor . . . . . . . . .. . . Robert Schnoldar
Vlllon Editor . Lisanne Sokolowskt
Sport: Editor . . . . . . . . . .. . Mair: Haspol
Annem- Sports Editor . Marc Schwartz
Eﬂllorlll Plan Edllar. .. . . . Lisa Strain
Copy Edllor . . . . . . .. . David L L. Laskln
Contributing Edllor . . . . .. Mark Hammond

 

Edllorlll Ant-tents: But: Gardlnltn, Anthony S , Mark Levine. wtto Ser-
Vlco and Event. Edltnr: Holdl Giulia. Slnll writers: Gina Ahonti, Suzanne
A00”. Amay Adams, Bill Browulet, Both Brlnset. Kurt Cantor. Tracey Car-
michael, Andrnw Carroll, Andy Clatko. Nancy Crowfoot, Huhurt~Kunnntli
D'CKGY. Elli Flachor, Stove Fox. Barty Gullnat, Joel Gruonhriru, Charles M.
Ground. Michael Greenfield, Ln» Groonalaln, Andy Norowtlt, Torn Kacundoa,
Amy Kilaun, Dunlso Knight, illso Lavina. Donna Machllan. Craig Marks,
Robert Mattinlano, stld Mlehualson. Ilnn Nissan, Laura Nuas, Mutt Nichols,
90b O'Brien. Rob O'COnnor, Curt Parka. Karon Ptroui. Phil Flvnlck. Linda
Quinn. le Reich. Mark Roaster. Randy Roth, Elton Snnlnslnro. Lynne Steual,
Alan Somkln. Matln Uluu, Mark Wllaurd, Adam thk. Spectrum and Event:
Edllorl: Ronl Gin-barn. Ken Dotnbiiurn

Bunnie Siovonl, Busrness Mnnsgm
Hady Brad-ii. Ashocldld Business Manager
Susan Panilrnun. Advertising Manager
John l’rulnno. Sales Manager
. Kull‘llSilltiDil.JuLly lover
. . AtlerruKatlowtlt
. .Jiinnilet Bloch

Billing Aceounlunln. . . . . . . ..
Payroll Supervlsot ,.
Olllca Coordinator .
Clauslllad Manager. . ... .. ,. ... . ,Mickoy Frank
Composition Mlnuuor ,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. MullSSﬂ Wasstnnian
Advertising Sales: Polo: Forward. Mike Krehnei, Gregg Hall. Noll Sussrnan.
Advertising Production Manage”: Juno Hirsch, Mltrdy Horowrtz, Advertising
Froducilon: Rnnduo Behar, Michollo Horowitz. Paige Marcus. Julio Mark.
Eileen Slevln. Melissa Wrissorninn, Rhonda Wolf. Olllcu Stall: Lisa Clayman.
Gay Poross

 

_ Jack Dutschlan, Production Manager
Patricia Mitchell. Associate Production Manager
... Cathie Ryan

 
 

Chlal TypanIt-r . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .
Vorllcul Camera . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . ,. ... Bill Bonllla
Paste-up: Kelly Burke, Donna Corwln, Ho y Prustl. oinmorleld Typlllll
Bill Booney. Jlm Capozzola. Erica D‘Adamo. Mickey Frank. Joanne
Glldersloovn, Elizabeth Huyman, Ginny Hubur, Mary Alice Llpka, Mark Walter

 

 

Photography principally supplied by University Photo Sorvlcu. a student
Chlui Photographer: Davo Ashnr. UPS Stall: Chuck Bernstein, Laura Bosrrck,
Alan Calom. Amy Cohan, Shorty Cotton, Rnchul thwln, Ed Marusslch. Lots
Mallnbonr. Susan Elaine Mindlch. Joan FluitovLouls. David Rivera, Lisa Strrv
monsr Erica Snotnul, Warren Stout, Jlm Valentino, Wlll Yuinmn

Entire contents copyright 1933 Alblny Student Plan Corparullon, all

rlahtl reserved.
The Albany Student
August and June by the Albany

IIOI‘IDI‘plDlli corporation.
Editorials trio written by "ID Edllor In Girls! with members at the Edllollul

Board: policy is subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising pollcy
dons not nocnssotlly tellocl editorial policy.
Mnlllno address:
Albany Student Fran. CC 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV 12222

Prose ls published Tuesdays and Frldnya botwuon
Student Press Corporation. an Independent

 

 

 

 

So. I hope this gives those of you who were confused a
better idea of the Israel groups that are here at SUNY-
Albany. Now that l have set the framework. the rest is up
to‘you. It is your obligation as Jews and Americans to learn
more about lsrael and to protect yourselves against the
organizations on and off campus that perpetuate propagan-
da. it is your obligation as Jews‘and Americans to stand
and be counted as active supporters of Israel on this cam—
pus and after you graduate. it is your obligation to go to
Israel, and through your experiences decide how you fit in.
Tire resources on campus exist, use thch Don't walk past
tlte SFI or RZA tables in the Campus Center, stop and see
what it is all about. (in to a lecture or program. Get involv-
cdl ’ ‘

-Rrhl Bauer

One existing Way

To the Editor:

Tire past few months two student organizations who
generally do not interact with each other have worked
together in efforts to bring an educational program to this
campus. The organilations arc .l.S.C.-Hillel and the (la) .
and Lesbian Alliance. The program is; “Jewish Itlctllil) m
Gays and Lesbians“, to be held this Sunday, March 20th at
l:00p.m. in Campus Center 375.

This program is air educational forum. It is not meant to
negate, reject or offend anyone or anything. Its only purv
pose is to inform. This event presents art opportunity for
Jews, non-Jews, gays arid non-gays to learn ltow Jewlsli
gays and lesbians choose to unite separate identities into
one. lot many people the idea of .lewish gays and lesbians
is new, cteti contradictory. Then there are people for whom
the idea of Jewish gays and lesbians affirming their identity
is refreshing, a glimpse of light.

The speakers, who are members of lloston‘s gay and les-
bian synagogue (Am 'I ikui) conte to inform, not to convice
anyone that their lllcsiylc is the way, but rather that it is
one existing way. It should be understood that they do not
claim to speak from a llillllt'lllv (Jewish Law) perspective.

—l\'time wlilteld by request

Open exchange

To the Editor:

As a SUNYA altirima and as someone who looks forward
to tire educational opportunities which World Week pro-
vides, I was greatly disturbed by last week's events.
However, I was even tnorc troubled by tile two letters that
appeared in Tuesday's edition of the ASP.

The poster displayed by the Arab Strident Association,
depicting the September massacre of Palestinians with
Prime Minister Begin and the Star of David in the
foreground was simply a reminder to everyone of the terri-
ble tragedy. If anyone had bothered to translate the context
of the Arabic wording on the poster they would have found
the statements “We won't forget. We won't forgive."
l-Iardly racist or anti-Semitic remarks.

When the Star of David is used on the Israeli Ilng oils of-
fixed on its fighter bombers it ceases to be a religious sym-
bol and instead becomes a political one. If the religious
symbolism of the Star of David is to be pieseiieii then
perhaps it should riot continue to be displayed on objects of
a political or military nature. I liave many times seen
posters of the Holocaust with the swn~ ikti to syndrome the
Na/i regime. Lest most readers IllL' not aware tltc swastika is
also all ancient ('hristian symbol til the cross which was
prevalent among many of tlic iiasiern rite churches and
which was adapted limit the ancient llindti symbol for
peace. Does this itll[\l_\ that the use of the swastika on
ilolocaust literature denotes (Itlllvfllt‘isiltlll or tlIIIl'lllIltltI
sentiments? I doubt anyone would agree.

i think that Mr.(s) Frank and Weintraub need to learn
how to differentiate between legitimate criticisms of a
country's policies and real attacks iii a purple because of
their religious beliefs. If all criticisms of lsiael and its
leaders are to be stifled for fear ofbeing labt led ant i»~cniitic
it would mean that tltcy should enjoy an exemption which
no other country ()1 leadership cart claim.

in addition, botli writer's felt corripcllcd to attack what
they perceived as the bigotry or anti-Semitism of the Arab
Student Association's (which iii itself is contradictory, since
Arabs are also Semites) poster by displaying their own
bigotry. |.c. Stephen Frank‘s remarks that the burning of
the American ﬂag is part of Arab vulture — as if the burn-
irtg of the American flag, is part of the morning ritual of
every Arab’s life. As for Mr. Weinlraub's sarcastic corri-
ments, he Iiecd not justify the Palestinian raids on
children's nurseries. It reeks of racism and anti-Arab feel-
ings, to say the least. Mr. Weintraub's statements were par-
ticularly hypocritical iit view of the offense he takes for the
attack on Mr. licgin's standing as the Israeli chief ex-
ecutive. It would belioove Mr. Wcinlraub to look rip Mr.
BCQIII'S vita to find that the man who grew up to be prime
minister is responsible for the massacre of 240 Palestinian
men, women and children at Deir Yassin in I948 and for
the death of hundreds of Palestinian children since becom-
ing prime minister.

I think lliat ilie Open exchange of ideas, more open-
minded evaluation of what is being presented and said, and
a desire to change the conditions of our world would be a
more fitting response and would more aptly/fulﬁll the true
objective of World Week.

‘ —MarhrMusemlln

 

 

