 
  

r
.t
l
.l
l

 

 

EDITORIAL

"be major media attention focused on the ABC

television movie l'The Day After" was a media

event in itself. This film has gone well beyond just

depicting the effects of a nuclear war. more importantly. it
has amused the public awareness.

across the nation. it takes a major event for the citizens of
this cOuntry to become involved. Community action.
discussion. and involvement are at the core of ortr political
ideals. Hopefttlly this movie and the discttsslon surroun-
ding it has provoked people to edtrcate themselves and to
establish a stand.

issue we hope they will get involved. Wltile we stress tlte
need for action as a result of this event. it must be con-
sidered that one can not base his or her decisions on emo-
lionallsm. As with any issue that appeals to the emotions
we must be careful not to let these enrotions interfere witlt
our rational thought processes.

It is clear that ABC had the right to show this film

 

With the growing ‘apathy evident on campus as well as _

Once people have made it thoughtful assessment of the '

   

More than a mOVie

\ whether it was of a subjective political nature or not. By its
very nature. the depicting of a world event such as nuclear
war will be political.

We are amused by the Right Wing's attempt to

prevent this important movie from being shown. for their is
'hlll’L‘ly no law that prevents a network from presenting a

subjective piece of work. Furthermore. the issue surely
stands tip under the First Amendment: Freedom of Expres-
sion.

The case for censoring this ntovic has been weak. Actual-
ly. the only unfortunate aspect of showing the film at this
tittte is that it aired just a couple of weeks before the U.S.
deployntent of missiles in Europe. Still. the clumsy attempt
to denounce "The Day After" has completely backfired.
While trying to minimize the effects of the movie. objectors
instead served as another means to furtlter inflate the
show's ratings.

The strong viewing audience. 100 million people. must
ltave deligltted the ABC executives. The possible political
repercussions of the event probably had little impact on the
excccs' balance sheet inentalities. But in this case it did not

matter whether the ends justified the means. The validity of
showing the movie cannot be questioned.

do in the event of a nuclear attack? Perhaps you should
follow our governments Civil Defense plan 550.

So what did you learn from the film? What should you

The plan states that if anyone from the Russians to the
tlncst Banana Republic sends some dcstrtiction our way
you cart rest assured that Civil Defense Officials will Order
enough food front take-out restaurants and groocry stores
to feed residents while they wait in the safety of shelters.

This plan hints at what “The Day After" so blatantly
asserte . f we were under attack otir best bet would be to
go off of the diet and get a couple of thick shakes frotit
McDonald's.

     

The unfortunate thing is that this is a defense plan tltnl
we paid someone to create. ()f cotrrse the answer is that
there can be no defense against a nuclear attack. So let‘s
put sortie of those brilliartt paid minds to work on tittikitig
sure we never have one. i

 

 

 

COLUMN

On November to. “The New York Tirttes"arinounced on
its front page that the Turkish Cypriots proclaimed a Na-
tion split from the Greeks. A partition of the island of
Cyprus was now a fact. Whtit though. were the facts and
events tl 't led to this tragic otrtcortie for the small island.

 

Artemis L. Artemioii 

 

Antiquities. monasteries attd breatlit rig scenery compile
the image of Cyprus. an image regarded as a possession of
great value by the strategists rind statesmen of both [East
and West. Gustav Ilirscltfeld wrote 1“ the end of the l9tli
Cenury that he who would become and remain a great
power in the east. must hold Cyprus irt his hand. This is evi-
dent from the history of the island which is a major prtrt of
the history of the Eastern Mcditeranean. The island's
prehistory runs as far back its the beginning of the (rib
inillcnium B.C. Early in the 2nd rnillcnium B.C.. the
Achaen-Grecks established city kingdoms on the island.
based on the Myccnacan model arid introduced the Greek
language. the Greek religion and the Greek way of life. The
institution survived in cyprns until the time of the Romans.
Cyprus was well known to the ancients for its copper tttiries
and forests.

During the Silt century I}.C.. Athens played an impor-
tant role in Cyprus cooperating with the main cities of the
island. It was during this time that Evtigoras ot‘Salttinis rose
to power. a figure of world-wide radiance at the time.

On the partition.of the empire of Alexander the Great.
who finally liberated the island from the Persians. Cyprus
became one of the rttost significant parts of the eitipirc of
the Ptolernans of Egypt. Later. it came under the dortiirtiori
of the Romans in 58 BC. llotlt dirrirtg the Ptolemics and
later under the Romans. the Sanctuary of Aphrodite at
Paphos was the V center of the national. religious and
cultural life of the island. ()ti division of the Roman Ertrpirc
in AD. 330. it became a province of the lly/antine Empire.
From then on. Cyprus was to share the fortunes of the
Greek Orthodox world. .

Thus. during the Crusading period. it was conquered by
Richard the l.ion|teart of England on his way to the Holy
Land.

Richard passed the island on to the Knights Templar and
they in turn passed it to the Lusignuns of France. who
established a kingdom based on the western feudal model.
The last Ltrsignan Queen was forced to pass her rights on to
the Republic of Venice, which ruled the island until l57l
when it was conquered by the Turks.

The Turkish period lasted until Atrgttst l960. when after
a four year liberation struggle by the (trecks of Cyprus.
who are 78 percent of tltc islands population. with lit per-
cent Turkislt Cypriots and 4 percent minorities. the island
became independent and was proclaimed ti Republic. The
I960 Constitution of the ‘Cyprus Republic proved un-
workable in many of its provisions and this made its
smooth implementation impossible. When in l‘)6.‘l the
President of the Republic proposed some amendments to
facilitate the furtetioning of the State. the Turkish cont-
munity responded with rebellion. in December I96]. the
Turkish Ministers withdrew from the cabinet and the
Turkish public servants ceased attending their offices. Ever
since then. the aim of the Turkish Cypriot leadership. tic-
ting on instructions from the Turkish govurnmertt. has been
the partitioning of Cyprus and annexation by Turkey. In
July-August of I974 ii coup was staged in Cyprus by tiic
Greek military junta. tltcn iii power. for the overthrow of

 

wmmﬂamrw cw. an...“ . ..

\

President Mtrkririos. Turkey used this pretext to launch art
invasion with a fully fledged army against defenseless
Cyprus. The invasion was carried out in two stages in which
Turkish troops eventually occupied 40 percent of the
island‘s territory.

Ankara tried to justify the invasion as a peace operation
aimed at restoringI the constitutional order distrtibed by the
coup. but cvert alter the restoration of such order and the
return of President Makririos to the island in December
1974. the Turkish troops remained to back up the plans of
Turkey ttr colorti/c Cyprus. as a first step to annexation.
'l'vvo lttrrtdrcd thousand (ircek CyprioLs'. 40 percent of the
total Greek Cypriot population. were forced to leave their
homes iii the occupied area rirtd were turrted into refugees.
flte few thousand (itcck Cypriots that remained in their
homes after the completion of the invasion. were gradually
forced. through intimidation methods. to leave tlielr homes
and move to the soutlt. Now. only about one thousand
have remained in their homes in the north. mainly in the
lv‘trtpriss area. Turkey is continuing the occupation of 40
pcrccttt of Cyprus territory iii utter disregard of repeated
UN resolutions calling for the respect of the independence.
strvercigrtty nrtd territorial integrity of the Republic of
Cyprus. us well as the withdrawal of till forcigti troops from

prus - The tragic island

its territory and the adoption of all practical measure to
rcpromotc the effective implementation of tire rclciarrt
resolutions.

This attitude ofﬁfttrkcy. its well as the continuing \toln .
tioti of the fundamental human rights of the pclrplc or

' Cyprus have been condcntrretl by international bodies. \llkll
as the UN (icnernl Asserttbly. the Non-Aligned Movement.
and the Commonwealth and the Council of lint-ope. The
recently declassified report of tlte lattcr's Conirtiission ot
Human Rights reveals the extent of the atrocities commit-
ted by the Turkish forces of occupation.

Several rounds of intercontmunal talks between the
island's two main communities (Greeks and 'l'tirks) have
ttot led to arty ptrsitivc development. This is due to the
Turkish side's iiitrrritsigcncc and continuing. effort to pillilr
tion the island by in cuts of changing its demographic and
historic character by the irtipltintation ofcolonists from the
Turkish riiiiitiland. of creating a separate Turkish economy
and of taking various practical measures towards this end.
The most serious of these measures was the dclcrir'ation ot
the occupied part of Cyprus as itri itidcperidcrit state on
Novcrttbcr i5. l‘)ii.'l. Wlltll is going to happen now. on the
island of Cyprus. left to the politicians to decide. lhc
people of Cyprus just wait for the (lily when the sun will rise
on the cities. the mountain and the land of their island.

 

 

 
    
  

CRELNtD mm:

\8
rEli—.ﬁtjilivﬁi MEX tRE 
MD NEDKND , N
 ttl  m

 

 

 

“‘5 pr R 1...
WW" mh¥$w.t,,

mibiétii‘au

   
      

0m...er

 

 

 

 

 

r~»l¥4’iu.lprl...r_, “1.5. , ...4.G...,.4_

   

 

LETTERS

Abuse of power

To the Editor:

I am a student at SUNY New Paltr. Recently I had the
opportunity to spend some time iii Albany while waiting for
a bus. I decided to visit the State Museum in the

. Rockefeller Plaza since this has always been ti favorite stop

of mine when l ltave the time. llowever. this time I had an
extremely disturbing experience. i am relaying this ex-
perience to yort because I believe the sttrderit population
should be aware of the gross injustice dealt to tire by the
Capital Police. I believe rtty age and appearance were major
factors in this situation. and for those reasons many of the
students at SUNYA could be subjected to the satire type of
harassment. ,

The incident occurred between l2:t)() noon and Hit) put.
on Sunday. October 30. 1983. After visiting the museinit. I
entered the public restroom located near tlte museum on
the Concourse level of the l’lu/a. After several tttinutes.
another peson entered. This pctsort attempted to turn the
lock of the stall | occupied front the outside; however. I
held it front the inside. The person then began to push the
door with his body. I placed my body against the door to
thwart this attetnpt. and I began to yell its loudly as I could.
However. the person on the outside had the advantage of
space to move: lie was able to get it rtrrtrtirtg start and soon
griltied entrance to the stall.

At this point. I expected to be confronted with it ninggct
anti asked to tirrtt over my cash. To my surprise and
dismay. I faced a police officer who hit me several times iii
the head. Hejustilied his actions with statements such as “I
though you were irt here jerkittg off" and "What were you
doing. playing with yourself?"

After several moments of this type of abuse. my initial
ferir turned to anger. It was only after I yelled that I had
been sick artd had a nurse's strrteitierit. that the officer paus-
ed. At that point. I demanded to be taken to a superior. He
led me to a door that said (‘irpitril l‘olice. lle stepped on rtty
foot as we L'lllCt‘L‘tl and inforrrtcd me that he didn‘t care
"what the hell” I did.

i spoke to another ofticer who scented fairly unconcern-
ed. if rtot slightly amused. by the iticidetit. He took my
nature and birtltdate and wrote them oti a memo prid As far
as l krtovv. my complaint was not logged iii any type of per-
mtinent record. l was inforrrtcd that i should corttc
brick Monday if i wanted to pursue the ntttttcr. Since that
was impossible. and since i had it bus to catch. I left angry.
frustrated. arid ltuiiiiliatcd.

lit tity confusion. I did not obtain the bridge tiitrtibcrs of
either the officer who assaulted me or the of r to whom I
cortipltiincd. I did obtain the name of the officer who struck
me: his last rtartie is Donnelly.

My complaints against Officer Donnelly are its follows:

I. llcfore forcefully entering the stall. he did not idetitify
himself as a police officer.

2. He invaded the privacy of it locked bittlrrortt stall.

3. lie was verbally abusive.

4. lie was pliy. 'crilly abusive.

My cotttplaints against the Capital Police are these:

I. lvvns nut given adequate information on the procedure
for filing ti complaint.

2. l was confrotitcd with a total lrtck of concern for
myself as riri individual tirtd for the situation as a whole.

it is my hope that the students at SUNYA can benefit
from my experience. If confronted with this type of siltttt-
tiort. be strre to get bridge numbers and names ttlltl some
form of permanent record of your complaint. if you
already have been subjected to this type of abuse. at least
yotr know you are not alone.

i am outraged that this type of behavior i this abuse or
power — can occur. i hope that sortie form of action can be

 

   

 

 

taken to assure that this will not happen to another inno-
cent person in the future. Everyone should be entitled to
certain basic rights of privacy and respect for the in.
dividual.

if the Capital Police feel that they are protecting the
public arid upholding the law by attacking innocent visitors
who use public restrooms. l qticstiort their effectiveness. i
hope that the students of SUNYA would question this
technique as well.
Thank yotr.
—- James I'. May

Technical problems

To the Editor:

I would like to express my disappointment regardittg the
movies shown on campus Thursday. Friday and Saturday
nights.

i must admit that the movie variety is very good and the
cost is unbeatable. Nevertheless. one would cvpect a fair to
high level of entertainment. Yet every rttovic I have seen
this year has been delayed at le st twenty ntinutcs for one
reason or another. lttst riigltt however. I experienced the
worst technical errors ever. The movie Francis was schedul-
ed for It p.nr. liy 3:50 they reitlircd that the speakers were
not hooked irp properly. Following this. only ortc projector
was working tlrtrs there is its a short intermission iri between
every reel. And. to top this off. the last reel was oitt of
focus. I

i find it hard to criticirc my peers who are working the
projectors. Perhaps it is dire to poor trairiiitg and not sheer
iricorttpetence. that there is it major inconvenience for tltc
patrons. Whatever the reason. it would be tiice to be enter.
trtirtcd properly. I only hope that this ittatter will be looked
itrto and rectified for future shows.

— tiattte willieltl by request

Clear the air

To the Editor:

I'd like to lttkc this trpptrttiirtity to respond It) Cindy
liiscnbcrg‘s'lcttcr of ’l'ucsduy. November l5 entitled “(In
l-‘entinisiti.“ Ms. liisenbctg brought tip it number of points
which i am sitre are shared by many in our society. lhese
poitits. however. need to be discussed more fully.

l-‘irst. it is really too bntl that tltc rticrc mention of lcs
bianistn totally tttints a person‘s perception of feminism or
any other type of political consciousness. It is trite that lcs»
lriunlsm and t'crninisiii aren't necessarily synonynions btrt
this does not exclude the work ttuirty lesbians have done on
it vvltolc range of issues from tripe to abortion tigltts. It also
does not cvclirde that lesbianism and lesbian rights issues
are ill the forefront of the \vorrrcti‘s tnovenicrit 7— ctcrt lll
such orgitni/ations tl\ the National ()rgrirti/tttiort lot
Wornctt (NOW).

Second. i don't think my piece gave the impression that
all men are abusers btit instead made it clear that till. tncrt
have the priv ilegc in this society to be abusers. Rape. lllt.'v.‘sl~
child sexual abuse. sevtttil harassment. brick-street
abortion. pornography and other fornts of violence against
women are rnstttutroririlt/ed iii our society ~ n society
whose notnis were established by inert through the struc-
titres of the patriarchy.

l'hird illltl finally. lesbinrtisnt is fun. This sentiment needs
to be cvptcssetl again illltl again to countc " 'I the notion
that it is sick. I gtrcss lietcrosevitulity is fttrt (it never was tor
me). What isn‘t fiirt. however. is heteroscsisni A tltc litt-
tiori that ltctcr'osestiulity is tltc norm and any other scvtrati
orientation is deviant. disgusting. sick. etc. This attitude
has lnrrt ttiiiny lesbians and gay men over the years and
needs to be stopped. it is lietcrosevisrtt rittt lieterosevirnlityl

   

 

 

 

é

 

aspectcs

Establlahldln 191!
Mark Gala-t. EdiIOI rn Chm!
Patrlel- Mitchell. Llu Siraltt.M.1rrIrgrrtg Editors

.. Stuvrr Fort. Anthony Stlbor
Jerry Catnptona. Hurttt ﬂtalla
.GattMattetl

News Edllora . ..
Auaellle New! Edltou . ..

 

ASPIctI Editor . . . . . . . . .. .. .. . ..
Acloellla ASPectI Edllﬂ'l . Drivo L L Lusktrt. 'Joltti Kantian
Sound Editor. . . . .. . . . . Jotvaa Nachalti
Vlllort Edltnt. . . . Kurt Dottibiiurti

Tarn Kitcatirlua. Mark Laytnu
Marc ﬂuttiillfl. Kuittt Mttrttar
Edwatrmulttua

Sportl Edllotl . . ..

Allocllla Sparta Editotl
EdllatlalPaqu Editor. . . .. . ..
Copy Editors. . . . . .Vrmtriln ttubur. Annottu Potut
Photogtlphy Editor .. .. . . . . . . . . . . [id tituaatcn
Contributing Edltora: Dorm tltitr. lJutrblu Jndgri. Wuynu Puurobootn. Edltott-l
Alllllanlai Jnnn Arittutuon. Dunn Chang. Stovu Mritka. Jlrii ()‘Sulllvrrtv. Stall
Wlll‘OlI: Ittn Ctomonttr. [Inlay Eaknt. notvtiltt tItnttt Girttiten. non Gordon.
Roburt Huyuu. Ertc tltrttttti. Nicoln Kaye. Mutlrll Kun. David Mlctrtiutsurt.
Chrlatlnu Rutlett. Ltr llutctt. Struttan Sirblu. Frntr Stlvutmrirt. Aluri Sortiktrt. lrrti
Spelling. Mltto lriirtitub. Jtrtirt itrotlrtirn. l’utry llactilor. Kuttti Vrin Altair. Mark
thuatd. Atluin thk. .tonrr Willtitoti. Spectrum Editors: Elton Fitrmrrultt. llottl
ulttabutp

Nady urodot. lltrstrruss Mrtrtriaor
Judy Tarot. Associate lltrstrrrrss Mir/maul
Jane llltICll. Advertising Martugnr
Mlka Krolinlt. Sales Manager.

 

Billan Accountants trsa Ctayntnrt. ttunrtun Utillill
Payroll Supervisor Guy Pmuss
Olllca Coordinator Susan Mttskowrtr
claultlad Man-grit Jeottttt-r litor:ii
Composition Man-oat Mickey f-runk
Advartlrlnn Salu: Mark Susstnan. lion Cutnair. Rlclt Goluun. Stave teriror-
nran. Daniattu Kirttttut. Advartlllno Production MIIIIQIIII Julie Mark. t‘ttiurruu
Woll Advertising Production: Amy Attnrsuhn. Jackie Drinato. Laa Eritksun.
Mickey Frurtk. Etainu Friattet. Lisa Kerr. Llrirt Matntosta. Paruu Marcus. ‘tlytt
Mutt-i. Sharon Okun. Cathro Ryan. Lynne Sinner. Steven Zetoet

 

Holly Fruit. Production Mrrrttiger

Chilllypauttat . . . . . . . . . Cdlltlt! Ryan
Plllovup: Donna Autirar. Susan Knot. Sharon Mnynnn. Sun Pacntrtsky llotl
Stukl. Horitriot Srittortor. l'itna Youtin. Typist-z Jim Caportotrr. Joanne
Gllrtutamovo. Lancey Hrryrttan. Vrrprrtrn Huber. Fulton Klaus. Sun Mttlrnrtn
Clilullaur: Ettt: Dort

Photography principally supplied by Untvetarly Photo Service. d stirtliiril

Strariti Etntrto Mrtutlctt. UPS Stall: Amy Cotton. .‘iltutry
way. Philip Huck. Kenny Kirsch. Rachel Lriwtri. Itobnrt
L'ucktry. Ett Mnttrsulch. Lorri Mnttattorn. llrttry Rorcttut. Ltsu Survrtrorta. Lilttltltt
Slttot. Robert Saucy. Eticri Sputput. Written Stunt. Jtimtrs Villllllllllt). Jlmtlll
Zopput

group.
Chlal Photographer
Lea Cohort. Clritty (i

     

Entire contents copyright rm Albany Student Ptou Corporation. all
rights reserved.

The Albany Student Pttraa in pubttrrliuu Trrottttrrya and Fttttriys hetwotrrt
August and Joint try the Albany Sitriturtt t'tuas Corporation. art rtrtlnpunrtrrtit
not«tor«prnltt corporation.

Etlrtortnla atir wrlttun by the Editor trt Clitul wtttt rnutrtliutri of tho Editorial
llnutrl; policy is anti]qu to tuvluw try lltu Etlttorriit lloattt Coturnna atu wtrtton
by nttrntbutrv of the iintvnralty community illtll do not trtrriuristrrily rurrruautrt
orttturtat pollcy Advtrrtlalnu policy llﬂl‘ﬂ tint rttraurrsaitly toltuct utlrtorral
policy

Mrrillnu rrrhttuaa:
Albany Student Ptrtas. CC 320
two Washington Ave.

Albany. NY t2
(bill) Inf-hiiDZlilCli’QlJClBl)

 

don‘t agree with. '
l trope this clears up a few facts. Let me end with the
words of a wellzknown lesbian and feminist whose songs
have given hope to many in every type of progressive
political movement: "We are a gay and lesbian people. and

we are singing. singing for our lives" — Holly Near.
’ — Libby Post

Right uses might

To the Editor:

Please allow another cortitttent on the U.S. “invasion”
of Crrcnnda; for altliotigli the debate has been intense. it
seems to me that several points have been consistently
overlooked.

the critics of the action forget or consciously downplay
the legal right of the United States to intervene in Grenada.
first. the treaty of the Orgarii/atlon of Eastern Caribbean
States allowed its trieritber nations to seek aid from an out-
side nation if their security was threatened. The members.
with the obvious csccptiou of (ircntida. voted unanimously
to ask the United States to help them elittiinate the threat to
their security. Secondly. the decision of American leaders
iii the recent past to not invoke the Monroe Doctrine.in the
face ot Soviet-inspired attd tirtncd revolution in this‘
hemisphere is not sufficient reason to assume it is null and
void.

l'tlllllt'l. despite world opinion. President Reagan's fears
for safety ot the American students were confirmed by
the slttlt‘lllt‘ttls ot the students themselves upon returning to
lltt.‘ United States. Also. is public memory so short that m
have already forgotten the humiliating lessons taught us by
lrarr‘.’ lt' President Reagan hadn't acted. and any Americans
were lttrrt or taken hostage. lte would now be subject to
criticism tor tl|t|1tllL‘lll luck of foresight. nitd falling to pro-
tch American citizens.

I'ntnng our icgtil right to intervene tiside. I believe we. as
Atrierictrns. had It moral obligation to irttervettc. This nti-
tion wits founded on the principle of freedom to choose
orir-‘s own destiny. and i don't believe it ttaive to expect
that tltis principle still exists and should be extended to as
many citi/cns of the world as it is witliirt our vast economic.
diplomatic. and military power to do so. Evert the citi/ens
ot ticrnida. who critics of the in 'ttSlUll feel are victims of
American irnpcrirtlisni. strpport us. Tltcir rcactiort to their
Arircicnn liltctittor's is rctitiniscenl of the reaction of the
trench to the American soldiers who freed them forttt the
Nit/is irt World War ll.

I lltl\t‘ heard the cliche. "M glit doesn't make right." up-
pht-d to this military action. While that may be true. i feel it
is irrelevant. lltis is a case of Right using Migltt.

Upheld trust

To the l-Zditor:

I would like to thank all New Yorker's who voted in stip—
lltlfi of thc Rebuild New York botid issue last week.

With the bond issue's passage comes both opportunity
ttlltl responsibility. We have tltc opportunity to begin
rebuilding our roads. highways, bridges and railways; the
opportunity to strut making our transportation facilities
sttl'ct .

Yet. we are also faced with rcspoiisbility — the respon-
silvilitt to be trtrc to our word as we evprc 'ed it during the
campaign. And with this obligation comes an additional
opportunity w the chance to increase the credibility of
those of us who serve in State government.

in the coming tnorttlis and years. everyone will. i aitt
strre. be watching and monitoring. comparing our stated in-
tentions with our actions. And. iii that process. i believe,
we have the opportunity to give New Yorkers more con-
Iidcricc iri their gover'nrttent.

 

We signed an agreement and said that specific projects
would be financed by the bond issue —— and they will be.
We said that 52 percent of the funds in the bond issue will
go to Upstate New York rind they will. We said tltrit the
bond issue will be part of ti total $7.4 hilliori rehabilitation
program and will not divert funds we would have normally
spent on transportation toward other purposes ——‘and we
will be true to that pledge as well. We said itotic of the
tnortcy iii the bond issue will be used for Westway -— and
none of it will be used for Westway. We snid to people that
we will do everything we can administratively to see that
women tllltl minorities are given it fair opportunity to par-
ticipate iii this work —- and we‘re going to.do jtrst that.

lty vorirtg iii favor of the bond issue. New Yorkers show-
ed an extraordinary amount of confidence that we will. in
fact. be true to our word. 1 am grateful for that conﬁdence
and eager to prove that it was well placed.

As Governor. I pledge both to those who voted for the
bond issue and those who. for whatever reasons. found
themselves unable to support it. that we take seriously our
obligrrtiun to trpliold your trust.

As we administer the bond funds. we intend to show thtit
we are a government not just of coiiipt ions. biit also of
credibility; that the. family of New York cart be both a car-
ing I‘tiritiiy tirtd n trusting one its well.

—— Mario M. Cunnio
—- Governor

 

 

-‘ V-rmvm.~;:w...n. C» .~ My...“ .

