  
 

l
i
t

emu... .m -

... (a .... l.) cw.

Hm." .4.«—A-.—~.«-../f,-..«

  

   

 

lly DESIRE?

 

ideally a sport sltould ti
tire emph . . on the word team: in-
dividuals work to make tlte teatn
better while making personal
sacrifices. Such is tltc atmosphere
tliat Coach Ron White tries to
create for the women's cross-
coiititry learn.

The learn suffered its fourth loss
iri as many Ittcels Wednesday
agaittst- llaitwiek. These early
season losses are often misleading.
as trinity rriiiriers are using these
iticcts to get into shape fot more irri-
porlatit races towards the etrd of the
year. “We're pointing to the
(‘t ital District titeet on October 22
Wltctc “U will defeitd ottr title."
said While.

lnrproierrierrt I'rom riicct to inch
is the most significant aspect of tire
early inrittiics. As long .is certain iti-
diiidtials slioiv iniprovcriiettt.
White “I” Ulllllllllk' to downplay
the team's tic-teats. "It‘s all .i llltlllL‘t
of teridriicss.” noted tltc touch. "If
the conditions rite tiylit .ittd ii the
girls are tr.iitiiri_r: null. then we “I”
see lt‘sttlls. it just won‘t happen it
they're not ready."

tine main goal oi the team l\ to
lessen the ditfcrcnce lIl times bet-
\\L‘Cll lllLI ltlp Int) I'llllllClS, Cl)-
captaitis Karen Ktirtiiy and Belle
D/atiilra. and the next several ltlll-
tiers. Last Saturday against
Birigltatiitort. tltc difference iii Iirrie
between Diantba. the secortd
finisher and l-irma George. the third
Alhatiy woman to finish. was 1:30.
Against llar'twiclt. the gap was
reduced to 50 seconds. due to per-
sonal bests from Dzamba and tltird
place finisher Matira Mahon. Also
achicting personal bests were Kur-
thy. Carolyn Collins. Ann

   

 

 

 

DUTCH

 

16  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS I l SEPTEMBER 23.1983 . L

 

 

UPS
The women's cross country saw its record drop to 0-4 as they were defeated by Hartwiek on Wednes-
day. The Danes are pointing to the capital district meet.

I-‘ergtrson. Kitty Sullivart and Evette
Ryrtcie. Ktirtliy covered the SH mile
eotrrse in 18:56; it was tiie first time
she ran under l9 rnirtutes at Albany.

Albany's best runners last year
have left the school, so this year
might be considered as a rebuilding

    
  

\
go-

 of cuff.

QUAD
OAR D a...“

,
{to .
@3 $13 Fridatj Sc9t30‘

qiooert to Q‘OOAH
Dutch Quad U‘l—ovihtse.

a.“
D. J. GORDON

ll  of “boat (Otto
SOt-oﬁ‘ tit cleaving a boil

roof Recluired

Albums «mom {on
Sillies‘l. \‘lotb ,
Host Ocitimod Hat,

Most so gutted Hort,
Most. 9d. die Hort,
«no C\o.s$ies\ “at

S-AI Fund“

year of sorts. Adding to that pro-

blem was an injury to one of tire [Op‘

titree women. Donna Burnltam.
“She rnttst contribute this year if
we're to itave a better titan average
team." commented Coach White.
The injury to Burnham's foot has

  

i

 
      

5'

 
    

  

 
    

  

  
  
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
     
     
 
  

I,IIIIIII”IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII

r

 
 

more eon '
wesomr asp,
OGI'OIIEII a,
on "to: 6 con
runs-ltd

set her back in training. "i want to
get back into sitape as fast as l canI
but l’m afraid that l might be
pushing it." noted Burnham.
“Once l resume running, the other
girls will be hitting their peaks
whereas I'll just be trying to do

  

ll
DETAILS

/

r 

 
    
   
   
    

 

Women harriers forming winning attitude -

enough to help the team."

The second overall finisher
against Hartwiek was transfer Slit-
dent Lynn Jacobs. lronieally. tier
placing has no effect on Albany's
score since transfers mttst sit out a
season before they can run for the
school. The next finisher was Kur-
tiiy. “l‘m very pleased with my
run,” said Kurthy. “l’ve been aim-
ing to break the l9 minute mark for
some time now. We're starting to
look arid rtrn like a team. something
that's very important. There seems
to be a cohesive bonding of tire
team. which didn't really happen
tintli recently." conclttded Kitrthy.

A slight mishap marred an other-
wise fine perfortnance against Hart-
wiek. Three Albany runners lost
their bearings despite being on their
owti course rind ran past the final
turn. According to Corrclt White.
marking flags were placed in tile
wrotig spot. ‘ lzvidcntaily the girls
were so tired they keyed on the
flags." said While. "They really
shouldn't irave been kcyittg on the
flags. bttt givert their exhaustion.
anything cottltl happen." The
wrong turn cost sortie secortds off
the individuals' times. bill it did not
affect the overall tetttn resttlts.

lr'ive runners finished witltin l:3()
of the fifth Hartwiek runner. which
indicates how close Alharty was to
victory. White indicated that he was
pleased with the times; “losing by
ttte score of 25 to 30 to a learn like
Hartwiek isn't btid at all.

“The girls are pushing each other
along which creates healthy corti-
petition." stated White. “Everyone
itas responsibilities and tnitst
challenge each other. By the end of
the season. they should be at their
peak." l‘l

 

AIIIIOIIIGIIG
A SPEGIAL VISITOR

“'I'I-IE DII'I'Gl-IESS”

Ill/17111111,,”Ill/1111’]

 

[In/l

)

 

 

 

 

Buffalo
(AP) — Do you know how many NCAA
Division ill quarterbacks ever played profes-
sional football?

Catt you name one?

If you're like most people. you answered
no on both counts.

You're also in a position to appreciate
what's happening to Marty Barrett.

As the quarterback of the University of
Buffalo football team. a squad that often
resembles the Flying Wallendas with cleats.
Barrett is at center stage in what amounts to
an aerial circus.

The Buffalo offense is pass, pass and pass
again, and if that doesn't work, pass sotne
more.

in a 35-0 victory over Cortland State. the
Bulls accumulated 432 net offensive yards,
324 through the air.

Barrett. a senior. threw for 222 yards arid

i

 t»,
“wpﬂvtg‘ I... F (can ‘.

 

  

two toucitdowns in the three quarters he
worked. Backup l\’en llyer was credited with
102 yards and one Tl).

[it three previous campaigns. Barrett. a
former Sweet llonte High School star. threw
for 4.44l yards and 26 TD's. Two years ago
his 2,155 yards earned honorable mention
All-American honors front the Associated
Press.

last year Barrett threw for 1.759 yards and
to TD's despite being sidelined with a
separated shoulder that limited him to ap-
pearances in just eight games and passes in
just six.

Before this year‘s campaign even started.
Barrett held high school career records for
total offense 4,087. yards passing 4.44l,
passes atterrtptcd 90. passses competed 6 and
tottcltdowrt passes 26.

Since sack yardage is subtracted front a
qiiarterhack's rushing total, Barrett‘s passing

   

 

RACHEL LITWIN UPS

The men's cross country team had revenge in mind as they defeated Hertwlck on
Wednesday afternoon by a score of 20-38.

Harriers defeat Hartwiek

<19
figttrcd our young guys would be able to do
the job for us and they really came through."
he said. The best example of this new-found
depth was the way freshman Steve Ra\ nofsky
stepped into the ritirnber five spot straight off
the varsity-B squad by running a personal
best time of 28:15. Albany's seventh rtiari.
freshman Mike Hairs. lirtd what he termed “a
bad day" and still finished in front of Hart»
wiek's fifth man.

in Wednesday's victory over ilartwick. the
Danes proved that this yorrng team's strength
is very deep. The tneet also saw Clements
rtttttiittg strong and lookirtg very healthy. “i
think l‘ve got whatever knee irrliaritation l’m
going to see irrider control." said Clements.

\\'ith Clements brick. the Danes are at full
strength. The question now is how quickly
the tcartt \\lll den-lop and lioiv long the
Danes can maintain their peak without iri-
illl ies. “()iir season is very long and grueling,
so sometimes it's a matter of who burns otit
and \\ ho sttrtives‘ trntil the National
Qualifiers." esplaincd Erwin.
“We've been developing slowly so far. and
hopefully we‘ll peak at the right time."

the irnrrrediatc challenge the Danes rttttst
face is a strong Division l Colgate team. The
Red Raiders will be \istting Albany ltlllltll'
row at 1:00 put in hopes of rcvenging a tiar-
iow Albany victory last year. For their part.
the Danes would like to expand their 4-] dual
meet record farther into the win column.

Former AlbanyA no-hlts Sox

()trklmirl. Co.
(Am-Mike Warren of the Oakland A's arid
ati Albany-Colonic A at lite beginning of this
season became the first rookie to pitch a no-
iiitter in tttore than a decade Thursday night
by blanking the Chicago Wititc Sos 3-0.

The 22-year old r'ightltatidcr walked tiirce
and struck out five iti breezing through the
Chicago lineup to pitch the second no-hitter
iii the major leagues this week. Bob Forsch of
the St. Louis Cardinals no-hit Montreal 30
on Monday.

The closest the White Sox came to a hit
was in tire eighth inning when pinch-hitter
Mike Squires belted a long drive that right
fielder Mike Davis. who had just entered the
game as ti defensive replacement. caught at
the wall near the 372-foot mark for the final
otit of the inning.

Warren. 5-4. did not allow a batter to
reach second base and faced just one batter
over the minimum of 28. In the third. lte
Walked Scott Fletcher, who was then thrown
out stealing. Torn l’aciorek drew Warren's
other walk. itt tiie fiftli.

Warr:n, who made his major-league debut
on June 12 against Chicago and threw a wild
hitcii to Greg Lazinski on his first pitch in the
big leagues. ran halfway to the mound ill the

 

start of the ninth. A crowd of 9.058 cheered
on the cold and windy night as Warren took
his warniups.

.lerry Hairston. who had broken tip Milt
Wilcov's perfect garlic attempt with two oirts
in the ninth earlier in the season. pinch hit to
lead off the riiritii and walked on a 3-2 pitch.

Pinch-hitter Greg Walker then filed otrt to
center and Rudy Law struck out on an 0-2
pitch.

Danes

<Beck Page
players and coaches know each other so well.
it definitely adds flavor to the game."

The contest will be aired live by WCDB
91FM beginning at 7.30pm. ll
I’AW PRINTS: Albany State running back
Montey Riley. who rushed for 48 yards on
eight carries lttst week. was suspended for
two gutttes for refusing to go in on one play in
the third quarter against Brockpnrt. . .Unlon
is looking to avenge last year‘s loss to the
Danes, l7-7. which proved to be their only
defeat of their tl-l season. . .Uttlon is tied for
first with the University of Buffalo in the

state rankings this week. Li

SEPTEMBER 30,1983 tl ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  

DiVision Ill quarterback has eyes on pro ball

yardage is greater titan his total offensive yar-
dage figures.

Barrett also holds high school season
records for total offense 2,040, yards passing
2.155. passes corripleted 133. passing percen-
tage .564 and touchdown passes iii.

In addition. Barrett holds the record for
passes attempted rind completed in a single
game having completed 32 of 54 attempts for
334 yards arid three TD's in a game against
Baldwin Wallace.

“Without a doubt. Barrett is the best pass-
ing Division lll quarterback in the nation."
proclaims (‘ortlarid State Coach Larry
(fiarriecki.

And there lies Barrett's problem.

For despite being one of the most prolific
passcrs in the nation. the holder of nealy
every stritisticl record in the Buffalo books
and an All-Arnerican. Barrett is a Division lll
quarterback. A virtual unknown.

Part of that prohiettt can be traced to Bar-
rett.

At o-toot-2 and |')(l pounds. Barrett is a
living tribute to the legion of strong. silent
types. lle‘s quiet. biit ttol shy. Taciturn. ac-
tnall). btit iii a polite. definitely gcttttiric sort
of way.

Another ptohlerii is his surroundings.

Division l tootbrili is an increasingly dis-
tant memory in western New York. Yet. since
llnttalo retried the program in the small col»
lege le\cl ltl It)77. support aritl interest has
bceit liriiitcd at best.

A third factor is coriipetitioti.

ll tlietc s it shortage of Diiision lll
quarterbacks in pro football, there is art even
greater told when it comes to corrierbacks.

Buffalo uses a complicated pass offense.
“There is .i ttietliod to out madness." says
Coach Bill Dando. At this iciei. rioti-
scholaiship quality dcfcnsiw backs are our
lily of a spot on the endangered species list.

Barrett is aware of these factors. but he iti-

Sports Briefs

ECACs here

Albany is playing host to its third itiajor
men‘s Division lll tennis tournament this
weekend. The liCAC l‘onrtrarnerrt being
held today and lottiot't‘ott comes on the
heels of last weekend's (heat Driric Classic.
Last May. Albany was the site frrr the
NCAA National Division lll l‘ennis Cham-
pionships, the first national totiiriarrient
held at Albany. On October 7 and ii. the
Danes will complete thier' own grand slain
of sorts by hosting the SUNYAC charit-
iiiiriships an event they have won the past
‘our years.

Union, UB on top

The Union College Dittehtrtett and the
University of Buffalo Bulls are tied for first
place iri this week's E'istcrn College

Athletic Conference Upstate New York
Coaches Poll.

The Danes take on Union tontorrow
right iti Schenectady and “ill face the Btrils
rater this season. lthaca College, a tcarrt

 

 

uvs
Joe DeMeo ls coach of the Albany
wrestling team.

 

sists on keeping them in perspective.
"i don't worry too much about the recogni-
tion thing.” says Barrett. "Last year
everybody predicted big things for us and it
just didn't happen. The Bulls ﬁnished 5-5.

“i got hurt. We had lots of penalties and
things just didn't happen. This year, l'm try-
ing to take things a week at a time. l'm not
thinking about the number of touchdowns i
might be able to throw or the number of
completions i could get.

“l‘ve made up my mind that We got to

play and just let those things happen."
‘ Barrett refuses to openly speculate about
his future. but he has told close friends about
his aspirations for football beyond the col-
lege level.

Despite the relative obscurity of Division
lll. there are people who feel he has a shot.

"He's strong. he can throw the sideline
pass and his accuracy is good," says Dando
in siting up Barrett‘s abilities. "i think he’s
even stronger than last year. He needs to im-
prose on his running, imt there's no problem
with his arm."

Barrett's high school coach. Joe Shiftiet. is
also a Barrett booster.

“When he played for us we ran an option
offense and he wasn't a great option quarter-
back." said Shifflet. "Five years ago that's
what all the colleges were looking for, bill if
he were it‘ freshman today he'd be Division i.
no question about it.“

Sliit‘let says with the ritirnber of profes-
slolitll opportunities today. Barrett has more
than a fighting chance.

“i know the Buffalo Bills krtow about him
and you cart her a lot of other teams do too,"
he sttltl.

“He‘s got tltc numbers and it doesn't triat-
'er \\ltttl level you're on. if yoii‘sc grit tiie
numbers. they come looking for you."

if and when they do. Marty Barrett hopes

r

tlicy'll remember the iiariie. l

 

\Ibany lost to to open the season is ranked
third. .
Rounding tint the top fiie is St. Lawrence
and Buffalo State.

DeMeo in Norway

Albany wrestling coach .ioe DeMeo ltcadA
:d a lt)-rnan delegation that represented the
United States at the World Junior Grcco~
Roman wrestling championships iri Norway
this past summer.

Nirre of the it) wrestlers came frotn the
ISO-member wrestling association irt
Albany \\ltit.‘lt DeMeo coaches.

DeMeo itas been coaching the Albany
State team since I977.

Upcoming events

The Albany State Great Danes will be
rttnrting into a bit/zsaw in the fornt of
Union College. Tire Dutchmen. currently
tied for the number one Division lll foot-
ball ranking iii the state. have gone
undefeated since losing to Albany last year.
The Danes will visit Utiion Saturday night
with a 7:30 p.m. kickoff...The EC.\C
Men's Tennis Tournament will beheld here
at Albany today and tomorrow beginning
at 9:00 a.rn. Tltc netnien raised their record
to Z-i with a win over RPl yesterday...Tak-
ing a 4-0 meet record into competition, the
women's tennis team is at West Point today
for the ECAC Tournament...The football
team will not be the only Albany squad tak-
ing on a number one ranked team this
weekend. The women’s soccer team takes
its 4-2 record into Cortland to face the top-
rankcd Red Dragons on Saturday...The
men's soccer team will play its first home
game since September 14 on Saturday as the
Brockport Eagles come to town for a 2:00
game...The men‘s cross country team will
entertain the Colgate Red Raiders in a
borne meet on Sattirday at l:0(), while the
women's t‘eam hits the road for the Le-
nioyne invitational. also on Saturday...The
women‘s volleyball learn will trust a 4-tcatn
meet on Saturday beginning at 1:00 p.m.
Williams College, Russell Sage arid Oswego
State will be tltc three other teams corn-
peting.

 

 

  

