1
i
r

 

 

am #a, m. 2,. '

 

 

l Alexander F Ross

 

 

El TORIAL

he media and the people in and out of government

had warned of the inevitable escalation in Lebanon.

Unfortuttately. the fears of American deaths
resulting frotn this ittvolverncrrt became a horrifying reality
Sunday. Tlte slaughter of altrrost 200 United States marines
in Beruit lttts pttt our corrntry irrto a bind tlrai seems to have
no easy solution. Yet at tlte satire time the answer is ttll too
obvious.

The titnriries have to he pulled ()lll of Lebanon. No more
blood tiittst be shed there. .

Reagan's militarist policies have gone too far. it is one
thing to talk militarist rhetoric on an abstract cold war
level. But it is attother tliitig to talk defensive rltetoric after
Arnericttri llves ltave been lost on what is supposed to he a
peace-keeping rnissiort.

Reagan has reaffirmed U.S. commitment to keeping the
routines in Lebanon ill his classic John Wayne style. sayirtg
that the US. has to prevent “bestial” forces front taking
over. Statcrrteitts like this. including. “the nation must be
more determined than ever tirat they canrtot trike over tltat
vital arid strategic area of the earth." sliorrld send slnrddcrs

 

Don’t let it happen again

up the spine because this is the very same rhetoric of the
Vietnam era.

There are three forces that can prevent a Vietnam in
Lebanon. 'l'hey tire the US citi/ens the media. and the
US. Cottgress. it can be dorte. it is essential that presiden-
tial powers he checked in this case. Ronald Reagan cannot
be let loose to do what he pl'ascs with Atircricari livcs.

Cilllctis must realile that wltat we are dealing with is a
’andora's llox. ll‘ Rcttgan is not "cut off at the pass." it
will not be long before the Atttcrican body count reads
2.000/20.0(X)/200.(X)0

All tlte rhetoric that has gone on since Sunday's bombing
scertts to forget one key point: that we are supposed to be a
“peace-keeping force." if Reagan adapts a "get even" at-
titutle then history will repeat itself.

it is vital that the citi/eus pressure Congre“ titid Con-
gress itt titrn pressure the Administration to reject the at-
titrrde that potential political losses trrtd honor cannot allow
turning back. We catiirot let the emotiotial. irresponsible
impulses of inert iii power to letid the United States into
another unnecessary irivolvetncttt iri it country we do not

 

belong in.

in the long run. we have nothing to gain and everything
to lose if the marines stay in Labanon. '

The type of kamikaze mentality exhibited Sunday allows
that we would be getting into a no-win situation. Also, we
would be getting involved in a conflict that has been prim.
for close to a thousand years. To think that the US. can
step iii and solve all the problems of the [chimesc is nam-
scary rtrid ttrirealistic. The different factions involved iii the
t.chanon conflict showed Sunday that they are ttrotc than
willing to die for their l000-year old struggle.

The failures and errors of this adtninisiratiotr irtli be
overlooked if this one situation is dealt with in the riyltt
say. these wanton acts of terrorism; tire bombings or the
French and the Americans. arid the striping at the reson-
workers is inexcusable and deplorable. [lot the ilttilttr: or
these actions should make clear the real and L'ttttltitilltir or
of these warriors.

No more American blood should be allowed to spill. tin-
peacekeeping mission has failed. Get the riiariires out or
Lebanon before it is too late.

 

 

 

COLUMN
US. role in

there are many students oti our campus who lutve shown

a deep concern for otir country‘s irrvoiveitiettt irt Central
America. Yet. there are riratry rriorc who have not given
rirucli thought to the recent dcveiopriterits in that area. A
review of tccctti articles iii the New York Times leaves me
feeling that it is tirire to trike a serious look at ottr govern-
"tents; involvement itt Central Atncrica.

 

  

lhc Uttited States gmernmcut[hasheiitraprojcc to

lirtk the centers of both Costa Rica and Honduras with their
respective borders on Nicaragua. Our government will stip-
ply National Guardsmen rittd materials for the purpose of
building roads through unused iiittgle to the Nicaraguan
borders. There was item a ttced for roads through the
magic before. Why ttow'.’

 

Last week. Rcagatt administration off

5 said that the

C.I.A. recurrimetidetl rind helped plan recent rcbel attacks
on an oil storage depot and other industrial sites inside
Nicaragua. Why are we inmlsed'.’

()ur goverruriern recently held military maneuvers iii

ltonduras ill coordination with llonduras troops. Our
government has set up training schools for Honduras
soldiers. For what reason?

At this rnoritcnt there are 45.000 American soldiers in

Honduras. Our government says they are thee for training
purposes. Why do 45.000 American troops need to train itr
Honduras?

Recently the United Strttes government has stepped ttp
elt'orts for a negotiated peace in Central Ariterica. Yet
alortg with this gesture we are continuing to undermine
peace initiatives with military activities. This past month
rebel attacks iii Nicaragua were an indication that
American peace efforts may include a bloody solutiott. The
Ntcarrigtran government believes rebel stibotagc may be an
attempt to “create a border incident with llortduras that
would. in ttrrri. create conditions to justify the use of the
United States troops (who are) on training exercises iii the
area." (N. Y. Times Oct.l7.l9tlJ)

Are these omens on our door step? Are we heading for
titltttltct.Vicltttttll'l lle forewarned that a crushing military
\ictory ill Nicaragua is not possible. if we attempt direct
American iiisoiseritcnt Cuba would come to the aid of
Nicaragua. It wotild be a lottg and bloody confrontation
arid American youth would surely die.

IWe llilH‘ a mice in America. l‘he voice of democracy. the
voice of justice. let its be aware of the facts. lct tis ask
questions. What exactly are we doing in Central America?
Wltere are we heading iti Ccntral America? How tnany
more Central American brothers arid sisters ttiitst die before
there is peace‘.’

1 beliete that it is the United States who cart be the cen-
tral figure in putting things togetltcr in Central America
just as the United States has been the central figure in mak:
trig Central America what it is today. We should be aware
that otir leaders make decisions that we might have to err-

Central America

force. Decisions that exact their toll iii the tltttlcc‘cssuts .Illrl
unwarranted violence of war. As students we should rant
tip on the situation. ask questions. As a country lirtst‘rl rill
the values of freedotn and democracy, we should In or
lorrricd for our own sake and for the sake of the people or
Central America.

I believe America must realize that if things are In r‘:l
better we must start now in a new policy. A polrr'. rl
understanding the needs of Central Ameti ati llillltllts lot
Ill reality. this serves Central America's interests as mil .o
our own. if we truly seek a just and fair solution in pro
blerns. we rinrst first understand the needs of the nation. in
volved. Along these litres ottr government must he “illilrv lrt
concede sotuesof its own interests for the interests or the
people of Central America.

A The way to create strong allies iti that region of the a r r ‘rl
is to lessen their dependence on American aid and pro
dttcts. We rintst help these natiotis in building stronv :rr
dustry and better health and educational conditions in
some. it may scent that by building a healthy (‘errr .ri
Atncrrca we are going against our owtt best interests. llrtt I
ask you; can we continue aiding rebels in situations l|t.tl
just prodttce rncanlngless death? The only way tti court- to .r
lasting solution in Central America is by riteaningt‘ul disrn»

stori and by understanding of the needs of all parties ittsrrls

ed. But right now it seems as ifsoritc governments ltt\tt|\t .i
do not see it that way. Like :1 Shakespeare tragedy. we liar c
seen the bad omens before us. But will we make the cttorr
to avoid the bloody ending on the field of battlc'.’

 

 

 

 

 

 
    
  
 
    
  
 
      
   
 
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

AMaLGaMaTeD ‘
BLl DGeTé. LTD.
\

l9'79

 
  
  

  
  

Tile PRiCe oF oiL
aFFecTs a QuaRTeR
OF OUR MaNUFacTURiNGl
We WeRe LUCKY

To HOLD Tile PRice
tNCRease To $47!

 
 

 

 

 
 

You ReaLiZe TltaT
oiL aFFeci‘g, ONLY 25%
OF OUR MaNuFact‘uRr‘NG.
SuRe, PRicea aRe
FaLLwo, Bur We'LL
Be LUCKY lF We Eave
a Few PeNNieEi.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

E

 

 

 

 

E TTERS

Mismanagement

To the Editor: .

it's about time that the student association and the
university community commit itself to solving a serious and
highly dangerous problem. i am referring to the Speaker's
Itorrrm Presentation of David llrenner on Saturday October
22nd ill the gym. '

What i found most outrageous arid embarrassing was
that Speaker‘s l-‘orum totally disregarded the issue of safe-
ty. The gym was packed beyond "normal" capacity and
many people were forced to sit in the aisles or on the floor.
As well. many people could not see Mr. Brenner becattse of
the elaborate speaker system which obstructed their view;
as a result. the show had to be held-up ttritil titose people
wcrc crammed onto tile floor iti front of the stage.

More importantly. a simple notice telling the audience
where the fire exits are is not enough; adcqtiatc access rnttst
lie tirade available to all and it simply was not. i defy any
rtterrtbcr of Speaker's Forum to show me lrow 3.000 pltts
people could be safely evacuated if it fire broke out. Wottid
a handicapped student feel confident about getting out?

llecanse of these problems arid delays the show started 50
minutes late. This. in itself, is very incortsideratc because

. otircr events scltetlttled for Comtinniity University l)ay had

to be delayed, causing fttrthcr irritation arid inconvenience.

Wittrt does all this mean?

[Evidently it suggests that Speaker's Forum is improperly
managed and organized. It’s proccdtircs rtiid policies must
he pttt under review by the Stttrlctit Association to
recognize and prevent potetttial safety Ira/ards. l was cui-
harttissed for the school. especially since it was (fornitiunity
University Day and also for Mt. llrcrmer. who must have
left ltere with sortie mixed feelings about the students who
ttlll ottr activities. it is inexcusable for this to continue.
What will it take for something to he done?

— Jason J. tr‘riedmnn

Clear the record

To the Editor:

The lead story of the ASP on Friday. October 2i. corr—
eerried a sitit filed by profesor Yu-Shih Cheri. Wirilc the
reporter did a good job iii describing a complex sitttatiori.

- tltc story was inaccurate in sotitc respects and l waru to

‘1‘.

clarify the record.

l-irst. the suit filed by Professor Chen is against SUNY
Chancellor Wharton. riot against the State University ol
New York at Albany. it arises frorn art extensive review
which was completed iii .lirtic of this year of all of the facts

. iii ltcr case for reappointment. at the end of which the

Chancellor fottttd against Professor Chen.

lll order to make clear why this licaritig took place. it is
ticc ’sary to trace briefly the chronology of this case. l’t‘o~
fcssor Cheri's contract with the University was rioti-
tetrcwed in July of Will. She grieved this decision on the
basis of alleged procedural irregularities and inappropriate
criteria. Those issues were reviewed by it hearing officer on
the campus in September. l‘)lil. arid denied. A second ap-
pcal was taken at the level of SUNY Central and the hear-
ing ofﬁcer there rejected her appeal lll January. l982. A
third appeal was taken by Dr. Clieti to the Governor‘s ()f-
lice of Employee Relation and. after a substantial review of
tire entire case. that appeal was denied iit .luly. 1982. with
the ﬁnding that "...thc gricvant was treated in a more than
fun manner by the campus. it is this rcvicwer‘s belief. based
on the whole record before him. which was extensively
rCVicwcd both on and off campus. that at best the allega-
tions surrounding this grievance are founded only on titt-
supported rumors."

 

In order to bring ﬁnality to this matter which had now
gotic on for more than a year. an agreement was reached
between the Governor's Ofﬁce of Employee Relations and
Dr. Chen that Chancellor Wharton would establish a
review committee of three persons and they would provide
a recommendation to hint for his decision. It was further
agreed between the parties that his would be the fitial‘
disposition oftlte case. without futhcr appeal. The commit-
tcc submitted its recommendation sustaining the ‘ampus
decision and on .lune 13. 1983. the Chancellor accepted that
rccotnrnendation. Dr. Chen is now string the Chancellor to
r‘ciiew the final action.

I believe it is itttportattt that the record be clear that this is
not a new issue and that Dr. (‘heri‘s allegations have been
reviewed several times at length. The matter is now before a
court witcrc it will receive appropriate consideration.

— Lewis P. Welch
Vice I’n-sirlt'rrl for University Affairs

Alternative solution

To the Editor:

This is lit response to the letter erititicd "Cooperation
Please" in the Tuesday. October Ill issues. Last year I
wrote a letter to the ASP pcrtrtiiiittg to this same problem.
it obviously needs repeating. Altliottgli I led that Ms.
Kaufman‘s solution is a feasible one, it is certairtly not the
best. i propose a soltitioii that solves the problcrii just as
well but does not force oil-campus. Alumni Quad. rittd off-
campus students who are doing legislative internships to
walk dowtt to the (‘rtpital because they do not possess a
W,A.li. card.

My proposal is a simple one. All students will board the
first ar‘riviiig‘bus regardless of their destination. Wellington
students boardiitg Altrriitii httses cart get off at Draper llttli.
\thtt tltc Wellington llus‘ arrives at Draper. it will no
longer be chock fttll of Altttiirti arid off-campus students.
Thus. all Wellington sttidctits cati board at Draper arid cotv
tirrtte peacefully and trappin on their way.

Hopefully all bits drivers will disregard W.A.li. cards
and cvct'yortc will get home quickly and srtfely.

— Mltelt Felg
Central Council member

Apparent bias

'l‘o ttic I'lditrir:

Upon receipt of a liycr yesterday frotn a Central Council
cattdidate l was piu/lcd by the appearance of the phrase
"littdor'sed by President Rich Schaffcr." What exactly is
the meaning of this? Was our Studcrtt Associatiort presi‘
dent's riatuc used without his knowledge? 1 fitid this very
difficttlt to believe as t illll aware that all campaign material
unist be copied iii the SA<run contact office. This was
done. with or witliottl his knowledge. and it is the ap-
pearance of this phrase that l arii questioning.

lly this ctidorscriicrtt of one candidate should we assume
that the otltcr candidates are incapable? i would Irate to
believe that one crirididatc (of the thirty running for Central
(‘ouricil from the various quads and off ampus) merits the
endorsement of the SA president because they ltappcti to be
close friends.

Wcrc candidates for the othcr SA positions endorsed by
Rich Schaffer'.’ Did we elect otir SA president so that he
could tell us who his friends are and that we should vote for
them to fill the other SA positions? 1 was ttndcr the impres-
sion that the SA was obligated to protnotc democracy arid
hold fair. unbiased elections. Am i wrong?

i do hope that the efficiency of the person who is even—

 

 

 

Established in Milli
Mlltlt Gliﬁtlnt. l r/rto/ lit Cruel
Patricia Milcttnll. Ltstt Sttnltt. Murmur/or l'rtrlors

i'rlrrvtr r ill. Anthony Sillit't
llllllll (itrtlld

(‘ratl Mt'llt'll
llitvtrl l lrtsrkill. Joltrt Ktirrttrttt
Jtirutn Nuclisttt

News Editor: ..
Allnclalo News Editor

ASPoetI Editor . .
Anaclatn ASPectu Editors

   

 

 

Sound Editor

Vlllon Editor ... . L no Sokotnwnkt
Sport: Edlto . ,. , . . . . tottr K ties. Mark Lovtrro
EditorlIIPngu Edltnr . .. . Edward l'lottrria
Photography Editor . Ed Marusulth

Contributing Edltnrl: Dunn Boll, Dobbin Jrrrtpo. Wuytru l‘uuroboont. Editorial
AI nll: Maddl Kurt. Btovn Marita. Keith Mrrrdor. Jerry Carnptono. Doti Gar-
ul" '7. Stall wrltorl: thn Atintru. Suzanne Abula. thtro Anderson. Mara Dot-
"lI". Donn Chang. Dan Gordon. Mlku Grounlteld. Eric Htrtdln. Nicola Kayo.
Knlllt Marrtur, nohurl Mnrtlrrlntto. Duvltt Mtahnotaon. Matt Nichols. Jlrn
O'Bttlllvln. Liz Fletch. Ellen Santaaluto. Alan Sotnktn. Mike faublob. Parry
Tllchlor. Marin ulug, Mark thgnrd. Adam Wills. Spectrum and Evonln Edltnrlz
Rant Ginsberg. Kort Dominant

 

u-uy Brod-t. Burlnns Mart-aw
Judy Tor-t. Allnclntl Bualnul Man-oar
JIM flinch. Advertising Man-an
Iller rolmor. Sun Manager

 

 

Billing Accountanto. . . . . . . . ,.
PayrollSuplrleor .. . .

Oltlca Coordinator

Cllsnltlod Mnnlan.. . .
Composition Mantra-r ., . . . . . Mickrry Frank
Advertising Solos: Mark Susarttarr, nob Ctrturtu. lttttlt Golrlott. Stovtr Lotbar~
titan, Darttollo Karrnot. Advertising Producttan Managua: Julio Mark. ntrorrda
Wull Advnrllulnn Production: Atny Altrrrnotrrt. Jackro Donitlo. Loo Erickson,
Mrokoy Frank. Etruno Frrottrir. Litrtl Kart. erra Mntatrista, Pattie Marcus. Ellyn
Muto. Sharon Okun. Catlutt llynn. tyitiu- Sit-trot, ﬁttrvon Ztiiuot

. ... Lrsncmyman. narniun auirar
... . .. Gay Parana
Susan Moskowtlz

errrrtor Bloch

 

ltolly Pruitt. Prom/r tron Manager

Cttlnt l’ypnsollnr. . (tattoo nyurr
Panto-up: Dotrrtri AmrraLSuo Paotuustry Duh filtrkl, ttr~.tttrr~t Srtrrttrir-r typlata:
.lttn Capouola. L. ~ry lir-yrnatt, Vilullllrl ttrrhor, l‘rdrrzri Klrl‘i! Sur- Mrlttpttn.
llolly Raw Driver: Filo Dori

   

Photography principally istrtitittori try Urrrvr-rsrty l’irotr) fir-rvrtzo. .t r.Itttttinl

Chlal Photographer: Susan Elrttutr Mtruttclt. UPS Stall: Attry Cotton, Shorry
Loo Cotton. Clutty Gtrlway. l’liittti llilt‘k, Kritrrry Klthcll. titrcttt-l lrtwut. ttotiorl
tirelroy. lid Mattraatotr. Lotu Matti-bout, Batty llutuhor, Lilli! Sittunotts. trrurt
Sitter. ttotirrrt Surrey. Erma Spotuol. Written Stout. Janina anrrrrurro. Janott
Zoptrol

Ertlltt! cont-rill copyright t It)” Albany Student Prue Corporatlon. all
rluhtl renewed.

the Albany Studortt Pious is published tutisrtnys and Fridays batwoun
lingual and June by the Albany Stirrtortt Pietra Corporation. an independent
not-tor-prollt corporation.

Editorials are wrltlan by the Editor in Chief with members at the Editorial
board; policy it: aub|oct to review by Ilia Editorial board. Columns are written
by rrrumbatl at this university community and do not nacouarily represent
editorial policy. Advertlnlng policy duel not necessarily retinal editorial
pollcy.

Malling addrnl:
Albany student Pro-a. Cc 329
"00 Wolhlnotan Ave.
Albany. NV I211:

(are) summon»

 

 

tually elected will not be endangered by the apparent bias of
the SA president. i hope that every representative will be
treated fairly and equally. whether or not he/she was en-
dorsed by Student Association President Rich Schaffer and
whether or not lie/she is one of his personal friends.

— Marni Sandow

Join the team

To the Editor:

Let the start off by saying that since t‘vc been involved
with the Social Science Association. We never experienced
a new group growing as rapidly as this one in my three years
of study at Albany University! i must say. l’m glad and ex
cited to be part of a grottp with other social science majors
that share cottitnori interests and enlighten one another in
an individtrai arid personal manner!

The SSA is currently iii the process of finaliring a date
for a confercttcc on solidarity for early November. We will
need tnedia. advertising, and rcccptiort volunteers to help
rtiakc this cvetit a success.

We have letters ottt to the American Sociological
Association anti the Nl-‘l.S Criminal Jttsticc institute. re»
questing itrforriiatioti on seminars. lectures and conferences
iii the area, Also. irt progress are student-faculty mixers to
get to ktrow your professors oti tirt informal basis. as well as
student parties for members.

i am pleased to be on the winning team iii fighting stu-
dcttt apathy. so will you when you join!

— James C. Yotillo
Social Science Association Direclor

False accusations

To the l‘Itlltor:

i read with great artitrseriierii the letter iii the ASP titled
"Rule violations." Several poiitts iii this letter need to be
clarified in order to calrit sortie of tire tensions on Alumni
Quad. As a former resident of Waterbury itail rind forrticr
(’eiitral ('omrcil representative. i find it very unfortunate
that the elections on Alumni were trtrticd into it “general
circus" as Mr. Wilson refers to it in his letter.

lti Mr. Wilsons second paragraph. he mentions he wrts
qttitc appalled that l ltad endorsed Mr. Sinatra for the ('cn-
tial Council seat on Alumni. Mr. Wilson feels that l was
not lair to the other candidates and that it was my “last
ditch effort to secure a positioti for a friend". Mr. Wilson
should wake rip and take a good look at the real world.
lzicr'y ay. elected officials express tlicir views on different
candidates and people think notltirig of it. in fact. i think it
Mr. Wilson wants to take issue with my endorsing c'ri-
didtrtcs. he should qtrestioti his own endorsement rind carri-
priigiting for a candidates iii the past clcctiori. it is my
understanding that Mr. Wilson was elccted to serve this
y 'Il as Alumni Quad lioatd Secretary so i think if Mr.
Wilson t'ccls \ery strongly on cndotsctticrtts. he should
practice what ire preaches.

Atrotlicr poitrt here is the fact that because Mr. Wilson
has considered my cndorscttietit as a rttie violation, many
students on Altirntii think that l have disobcycd Student
Association policy. liirsl of all. there isn‘t any policy oti eti-
dorscmcnts. There is such a tltitig iii the United States COIII‘
rnortly referred to as “Freedom of Choice." I think Mr.
Wilson trccds art intro to Political Science course (i recom-
mend Professor hlirol‘f) iii order to brush upon his junior
varsity political thinking.

the other false rtttiior that Mr. Wilson took the liberty to
start was the act that i did not endorse other candidates for
Central Council. in fact. i strpported candidates on Altim-
tri. Colonial. ludian. and Off Campus. i felt these people
were the most qualified for tire positions dtie to their past
experience with Stttdetit Association.

Addressing Mr. Wilson's other accusations seem almost
a waste of titric at this point. llis letter. tip to this point. is
marred by inaccuracies and false rumors that he can not
back up, i have to question his statements concerning the
election results when. in fact. i know that the L cctioti Corn
ritissiouet' Tom llrrsby did not know the results until
7:45pm. (well after Mr. Wilson's 7:00 tttttior.) If Mr.
Wilson would have checked with Student Association. he
would have discmered that Central (‘ouncil chair Bob
llclbock had to call all of the new cottttcil members to
notify them of a special meeting on Wednesday night. He
began this at lilellel. and Alumni (beginning with “A”;
came first to call on lioh‘s list so Mr. Sinatra was aware oi
his \ictory at about lilelel. it is unfortutiatc that this had
to happen bttt it wits important for us to notify the new
members of their first riicctirig.

l tltiiik it is .sad cottunentar'y that Mr. Wilson feels in)
only area of judgement on candidates is friendship. i will
not deny that this is not given consideration. but I have to
say that i look for experience. Mr. Sinatra is one of the best
people to represent Alitrtttii Quad. His experience includes
Student Actioti committee. Stipend Policy Committee arid
“Fight the llike" Rally Coordinator which i felt made liitir
the best candidates for the position.

'i'om litrsby did one of the best jobs on this election. Uti-
t'ortunately. the Alurtmi elections will be run again due to a
probletri with the placement of the booth on the Alden side
of the cafeteria. l arii hoping that this election will be run
without many of Mr. Wilson's false accusations. it would
beneﬁt all those students on Alumni Quad who care.

r ~10:th Sch-"er
Student Annotation Presldertl

 

 

  
 

 

.....-cm . . .. . ... . .-.._....~..-——

 

