 

 

On The Oregon Trail

. que musical melange to the worldAreknowned Troy
Savings Bank Music Hall. Fusing elements of
classical western and eastern Inﬂuences. traditional and
modern jazz. rock and folk. with expert musicianship and
deep artistic sensitivity. their performance was truly magical.

David LL. Laskin and
Andy Morfopoulos‘

M
R

Oregon was formed In 1972. by four former members of
the progressive ensemble, the Paul Winter Consort. The
group Is comprised of:

Ralph Towner — piano. classical. Spanish and
twelve~strlng guitars. French Horn and Prophet-5 syn-
thesizer.

Paul McCandless — oboe. soprano saxophone. bass
clarinet. English Horn. piccolo. and traditional Japanese
recorder'.

Collin Walcott — tablas. cymbals. Nigerian water jug,
bongos. triangle. moroccas and other assorted percussion In-
struments. and sitar.

Glen Moore — bass and violin.

L ast Friday night. the group Oregon brought their unl-

 

The group recorded together until 1979. and after a four
year hiatus. has released a new album on ECM records. en-
titled Oregon. Coming off a European tour and. more '
recently. a west coast swing. they are currently In the midst of '
an eleven-city tour of the east.

Taking the stage alter the traditional Fire Marshall's in-
troduction. they began with the popular "lcarus." a composi-
tion dating back to the Paul Winter Consort days. The au-
dience was quickly captivated by this familiar piece. with Its
cheerful. evokative sound. The tune was a well-executed
mixture of composition and improvisation. setting the tone
for the rest of the evening.

From the moment the first notes resounded through the
hall. it was evident that we were witnessing a performance of
remarkable musical proffictency and emotional expression
Backed by rigorous and diverse training. their ﬂawless execu-
tion became a vehicle for spiritual release. Musical In-
struments were not merely devices for producing sound. but
were extentlons of their own artistic selves. Each man was In-
tensely attuned to his individual playing. while projecting
deep sensitivity to the creative intergratton of the organic
musical whole.

Oregon proved their mastery over the interplay of formal
composition with spontaneous improvisation during the se-
cond half of the first set Towner's synthesizer and Moore's
bass initiated the haunting. spacious melody line of “Queen
of Sidney." by McCandless. Leaving the preprogrammed
synthesizer on its own. Towner took to his twelve string
guitar and broke into the mysterious theme with a Spanish-
fiavored solo A driving tabla rhythm and pulsating bass
opened up the piece. leading it out of the original melody
and into a free-flowing. cacophanous improvisation. Mc-
Candless joined In with his small wooden recorder. keeping
the spacious jam in focus with his lyrical beauty and delicacy.
As the bass and percussion began drifting out from the
original theme. Towner set his synthesizer to fill this role.
With his free hand he played the French Horn. joining Mc-
Candiess on the oboe in a duet. Waicott soon picked up fht
sitar. and led the ensemble into the heart of the improvisa
tion. ‘

The entrancing sounds of the sitar drew the four musl-
clans into a whirlpool of Individual and collective sound. As
McCandless explained to us after the show. the goal of the
group is “trying to get the improvisation to come very close
to composition. a kind of spontaneous group composition."

-One can sense that these men are all piayng close to an
edge. no one knowing where the music is going; yet open 'to
whatever direction It takes them In. There is a certain tension
amongst the members of the group. an instability resulting
from an instinctual lack of predetermined structure. Their
sensitivity to this natural tension catalyzes a process of spon-
taneous collective creation. a continually shifting balance of
rhythmic and melodic interaction.

The growing Intensity of Walcott's dissonant sitar drove the
improvisation to a peak of feverish atonality. As the bizarre
and complex harmonic and rhythmic interplay was stretching
the piece to Its limits. McCandless abandoned his dramatic
role and began whining and crying his oboe in contrast with
the serious avant garde improvisation of Walcott. Towner
and Moore. Sensing this shift In mood. the others joined In
the playful melee. turning their musical experimentation
from seriousness to frlvolity. with wheezes. whines.
ﬂatulence and various other silly sounds. The once serene '
audience delighted In this welcomed humorous disruption.
The ensemble worked Its way Into a more stable theme, and '
concluded this 40 minute extravaganza with a lighthearted
and uplifting finale.

Despite the great length and complexity of the piece. the '
audience seemed almost stunned when Oregon walked off
the stage to end their first set. The natural. evokative qualities
of the music were mezmerlzing. dissolving all sense of
systematic time. In Its place developed a psychological con-
tinuum between the group and the audience. requiring a col- l

 

 

lecttve concentration which swept us all Into a world of tow
thought and striking Imagery, At the conclusion of tin: set m
were spewed back Into reality. amazed that over an littiit llrlil
passed In what seemed just a few dreamlike minuii-s

Paul McCandless. who “called” the second set. t-xpinnmt
to us that he wanted a contrast from the ethereal first ht‘l The
group opened with Towner‘s "lron Mike." a powerful iunu
with a driving swing beat. This composition lt‘lll’t imi
Oregon's solid jazz and bebop roots. The focal points of this
piece were Towner's fusion oriented synthesizer ninl f‘li
Candless' exciting soprano sax solo.

The rich sound of Towner's Prophet-5 Syiillit‘~I/t'l.
reminiscent of Weather Report's Joe Zawinul. is strikingly
natural. fitting In flawlessly with the ensemble's utlmuiw
acoustic. earthy musical emphasis. Capturing sununl
elements of sound beyond the scope of BCUtlsllt'iil III‘
stuments. Towner cultivates a haunting. mystical Ii'xiliii'
which becomes expressive of the mood changes wlmli
weave in and out of the fabric of the group's music.

About halfway through "Iron Mike." McCandless broke III‘
to a rousing soprano sax solo. which combined elements of
Benny Goodman's traditional swing with the dynamic Sound
of Weather Report's Wayne Shorter. McCandless went Wiltl
during this solo. stretching and contorttng his body III tune
with his emotional and musical fervor. He eventually nimn
cloned the microphonE. blasting sharp attacks and relmsmtt
rich melodic tones into the now emotionally charged crowd
Of course. not a note was lost In the acoustically unparalleled
Troy Music Hall.

From this jazzy upbeat tune. the group followed Willi
Towner's delicate “June Bug." The composition opens with
a brilliant acoustic guitar interlude. deeply rooted in Towm't'S
clasical Influences. His fingers played over the strings willl

    

 

NOVEMBER 1. 198's

 

  

 

 

  
   

lightning dexterity. Yet within all this expertise. his playing
remained extremely tasteful and melodic, inspiring both tm-
agination and awe from the audience.

"June Bug" revealed the fusion of musical elements which
Is a trademark of Oregon. Towner's guitar gradually moved
into the backdrop. as McCandlessjoined in on oboe. This is
his primary Instrument. and he draws from his many diverse
Inﬂuences to construct a typically eclectic sound, His playing
Is rooted in classical and romantic origins. with strong
tendencies towards jazz. blues and pop forms. There Is a
:lyrlcal quality. a pastoral. expressive sound which unifies this
fusion of diverse elements.

Glen Moore‘s bass. though rarely in the spotlight, takes
several directions in “June Bug." Moore filled out the sound
during the classical interplay between guitar and oboe. draw‘
Ing long solemn tones with his bow. As Towner and Mc-
Candless began venturing into more Improvisational leads.
Moore. with Walcott's colorful percussion. worked at main—
taltiing a steady flow of melody and rhythm, The sharp, jazzy
lows of the bass balanced the melodic brightness of the
leading Interplay. Towards the end of the piece. Moore
returned with the bow. worklrig on the higher register to pro-
duce tones similar to a violin, When McCandless returned
with his oboe to the theme of the piece. Moore and Walcott
followed him back. working towards a precise. rousing finish.

Possibly the most extraordinary aspect of Oregon's live
performance is the group's effortless progression through
diverse musical dimensions. This was best demostrated In
Collin Walcott's composition. "Travel By Night." The piece
opened with an Introduction by percussionist Walcott on
sitar. a skill he acquired from the lndion master Ravi
Shankar, He began quietly. weaving sparse and ominous
notes with great sensitivity. Gradually. the bass joined In with
a rhythmic and sinister riff, taking the piece naturally from a
surreal eastern flavor into a structured jazz interplay. With-
Towner's guitar entering the action, a guitar-sitar jam was In-
Itiated. The tone of this odd combination was surprisinglyt
western. with definite references to rock, blues, deIe and folk :
roots. Sneaking off the bass, Moore picked up a violin.
guiding the trio into a cacophanous jam. then returned with
the bass to maintain the original rockish riff. while the otherl
two continued expanding their Improvisation.

The group's continual progression through varied musical l
and emotional dimensions is carried off with an Intuitive. :
seemingly effortless manner. It is this sensitivity to the organic
creative process which fosters an unconscious rapport bet-
ween the artists and their audience. The rock-oriented Im-
provisation in “Travel By Night" thins out Into a quiet. drawn
out sitar solo. In which Walcott shifts tone. moving Into a

synthesizer. then Moore on violin and McCandless on pic-
colo, progressing together into a frenetic jam which picks up
on this eastern mood.
Like the calm following the storm. Towner subtly took
control with a sparse. melodic solo piano improvisation. ln
wake of the expansive complexity. this hauntingly
beautiful interlude was moving In Its simplicity. Progressing
from a spacious. classical motif. Towner nurtured the im-
provisation Into a lyrical jazzy theme. This charted the course
for the rest of the ensemble. who joined In with Towner to
complete the composition.

Oregon completed the second set with the popular Moore
composition. “Fall ’77." a funky number which featured a
hot bass clarinet lead by McCandless. It is Walcott's colorful
energy on percussion which catalyzes the flow of this and all

 

King’s Zone

the group’s pieces. Shifting from tablas to cymbals. from
African to Latin percussive instruments. he creates a carnival
of rhythmic textures. in "Fall '77." he drove a funky beat.
rousing the audience to its feet for a standing ovation at con-
clusion of the tune. and the end of the concert.

After a tumultuous ovation. Oregon returned to perform
the tune “Waterwheel.” from their classic album. Out 0/ The
Woods. This piece fiatured a spirited tabla solo by Walcott.
who intergrated western rhythmic patterns with eastern
technique and Instrumentation. The ensemble united In a
precise. climactic finish. leaving the audience enchanted and

' satiated.

Sharing In the superlative performance of these artists
made this evening with Oregon a quintessential musical ex-
perience. [3

BY RA. HAYES

 

 

ntil‘now. the translations of Stephen
‘ King's novels from print to film have

been only marginally successful.
With the exception of Brian DePalma's Cur-
rie. every attempt to bring King's books to
the screen has appeared dIlluted. and while
admirable. have lacked the force Inherent In
most of King's work.

John Keenan

 

 

    
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

Debra Hill's production of The Dead Zone
breaks this tradition. (Although Dino
Delaurentts is credited as the executive pro»
ducer, he apparently had little to do with the
actual production; 'The Dead Zone just
doesn't bear that incisive stamp of the man
who gave us Flash Gordon and Orca). From
start to finish. The Dead Zone Isa high»g|oss.
visually effective movie which may well turn
out to be the best honor film of the past three
years.

The screenplay. written by Jeffrey Boam.
has successfully captured all of the aspects of
King's novel. while trimming It for the
screen. The story packs a lot of punch.
moves quickly. and even has one or two sur-

read the novel. However. while taking some
liberties. Boam remains basically true to the
original story — an asset to the production.
as The Dead Zone was one of King‘s best
works,

John Smith (unprepossesstng)
schoolteacher of modest good looks and
pleasant personality. bounces his VW Bug
off the side of a sliding truck one rainy night.
and wakes up from his coma five years later
to find a world that has changed around
him. His girlfriend is married, his parents are
(for. he himself has lost five years of his life
In what seems to liim only hours. He has.
however. beenroffered a compensation -
the ability to ‘see' things. prist and future.
and act to change them.

The cast is uniformly effective. Led by
Christopher Walken, the acting In The Dead
Zoneisim resstve'tn Its uiet abilities. Marti

°_

Sheen is particularly outstanding In his por-
trayal of Greg Stillon. a Senate hopeful on .
his way up, with dreams of the Presidency ,
before him. As Sarah Bracknell. Johnny's
ex-gtrltrtend. Brooke Adams ls appealing. .
handling the role competently. but without
star quality. it Is unfortunate that one of
Adams' biggest scenes — her consummation
of ‘a marriage that never was' with Johnny
— elicited laughter from the audience rather
than sympathy,

' Star quality was Walker's domain. and he
handled the difficult role of John Smith with
customary brilliance. His efforts made the
film as a whole a much more enjoyable ex-
perience.

The horrific aspects of the movie were fair-
ly downplayed —- no decapitations here.
There was one exception. however. In a
scene vaguely reminiscent of Vera Mlles'
departure In Psycho if this past summer. For
the most part. however. the tension and
suspense stem not from overt gore, but the
attempts of.John Smith to avert the disasters
he is continually forseeing. Smith finds
himself trapped in a Cassandra-like situation
— no one will believe what he tells them.
Which brings us to the question with which
Smith finally confronts his physician. Marty
Wercak: "If you could go back in time to the
days before World War ll. knowing what you
do now. would you kill Hitler?" The dead
zone is the blank spot In Smith's glimpses of
the future — the possibility that he could
change what he Is seeing.

'i‘he-most satisfying thing about The Dead
Zone was Its ending. which had the audience
cheering. The whole production was a fan-
tastic effort. and although i am unfamiliar .
with director Cronenhurg's work. after this i ;
will definitely be keeping an eye on him.

The Dead Zone Is an nnachrontsm. n ma-
jor motion picture that lives up to its poten-
tial. if you are a horror fan. you should not

 

 

   

miss this film. And If you're just looking to i
see a good movie. you shouldn't miss _it
either. Ll

WTIS IS ON VACATION so I i
THOUGHT I'D NAME THIS
coMic STRIP AFTER MYSELF!

     

 

  

 

   

 

fAREN‘T You AFRAID
THAT THE GUY wno

  

 

 (WHAT cauw HE
" POSSIBLY Do?

 

 

 

m." 00'”
mum-vi .

 

