r f" (Ara .1..-“ -.. .

 

 

22 Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS a OCTOBER ll,l983

Women barriers defeated

 

By Dean Chang

STAFF WRITER

 

The Albany State women's cross country
team suffered their ﬁfth defeat of the year
against Hunter College in a dual meet Satur-
day. The loss set the team back In their
preparation for the upcoming Capital
District meet.

The meet did not go without incident; as
the runners approached the one mile mark,
ISO to 200 high school girls started their race
and soon meshed in with the two opposing
teams. “The race was really over for us at
that point." contended Albany Head Coach
Ron White. "it was unfair to compete in
such a fashion during a dual meet since the
girls couldn't run together."

Kim Patch, who ﬁnished eighth overall but
third among Albany runners. attested to the
unfairness.

"Things were terribly organized," noted
Patch. “The high school girls were running a
shorter race so their pace was much quicker.
The logjam that ensued caused us to lose
sight of the Hunter runners. There was a
pack of runners just in front of us. but we
didn't know that they were there until the end
of the race was near.“ she noted.

The girls went through their roughest
.raining program this week. According to
Coach White, some of the runners were

adversely affected by the hard training. “We
picked up the tempo and the mileage this
week, which took its toll on some. But this
training will help us further down the road."
he explained. ’

The 3.I mile course proved to be
unyielding. as Albany's ﬁrst ﬁnisher. co-
captain Bette Dzamba. covered the winding
course in 20.44. Her time was good enough
for third place. but Maura Mann: Patch.
Carolyn Collins and Erma George ﬁnished
only sixth. eighth, ninth and tenth. respec-
tively. These performances gave Hunter its I9
to 36 victory. Ineligible transfer Lynn Jacobs
ﬁnished in l9.42.

' The team arrived in New York City's Van
Cortland Park without co-captain Karen
Kurthy. who stayed back for personal
reasons. Her presence wouldn’t have
prevented the loss. since the runners “didn't
run well at all," noted Coach White. "l have
yet to see tlte winning combination out tltere.
Hunter was our best opportunity to win this
year. but the chemistry just wasn't there." he
said.

Coach White was not overly concerned
with the loss, however. “I don't think the
runners were at their best today." he said.
"The rncctwas not a true barometer of the
team's potential. l'm confident that when the
time is right. we'll see results." if]

by Hunter College

LOIS MATTABONI UPS

The women's cross country team was defeated by Hunter College In a duel meet
on Saturday afternoon for their fifth straight loss.

Women netters beaten by St. Lawrence, RPI

 

By Perry Tischler

STA FF WRIYEII

 

The Albany State women's tennis team is
no longer undefeated. After a successful str-
ing of four consecutive victories. the Dane
netwomcn proceeded to drop their next two
matches. losing to St. Lawrence on Friday
and RPI yesterday.

Last Friday, Albany squared of f against a

xiii 'tsmmuvANAnJAu
V

v 4.. umﬁg-.w. -s.».L

very talented St. Lawrence tcant who handed
them, an 8-1 less. First singles Deb chfe
dropped a straight sct victory 6-3, 6-l to Both
Ayotte in the early part of the afternoon. She
was soon followed by Helene Tischler who
lost 6-2. 6—2 to Amy Straosburgh. Other
singles losses included Lauren lsaacs 6-4. 6-0.
Ellen Yun 6-3. 6-2 and Joan Phillips 4-6. 6-3.

3.
The only singles highlight. which was also

“unwary”...nu...“ as... - .vv
r .
t---...

l

BOB LUCKEV UPS

The women's tennis team dropped their first two matches of the year as they

were beaten by St. Lawrence and RPI.

the only win of the day. was a close victory by
second singles Mindy Hartstein 7-6, 6.4 over
Sherry Sherman.

Unfortunately. after the 5-1 singles
wipeout. the Dane netwomen had to play
doubles matches. The duo of Leffe and
Pltillips dropped a tough loss 7-5, 6-2 to
Ayotte and Sue Farbanks to set the tone for
the other matches to follow. Tischler and
lsaacs fell easily to Cris Lussi and Carolyn
Brown 6-l, 6-l and the tandem of Hartstein
and Janet Snow lost their match 2-6. 6-3. 7-4.

Coach Mari Warner was quick to comment
on the match.

"We didn't play up to our potential. There
was a lack of concentration and it caused too
many unforced crrors."she said.

Local rival R.P.l. was next on the hit list.
The score was once again 8-1. the Danes
again on the losing end. Without ﬁrst singles
Leffc and second singles Hartstein. who was
sidelined with an ankle injury. coach Warner

Danes upset

<Back Page
because of Dane mistakes that were capitaliz-
ed by linebacker Jeff Stoutland.

Milano's fumbled snap was recovered by
Stoutland at the Dane t2—yard line. setting rip
the first Owi score.

Owl Quarterback Jim Sirignano threw 9
yards to diving running back Kerry Taylor to
bring up first and goal at the one. Fullback
Dave Schmidt scored on the very next play on
a plunge over the top at the 8:06 mark. The
Owls trailed 16—6 following tltc missed
2-point conversion.

On the Dunes' next possession. punter
Mark l’icrsomoni. who had pressure on him
all day. got his punt blockcd by Stoutland.
wlro ran it in cigltt yards for the Owls" second
score. Another missed 2-point conversion oc-
crrrrcd because of ti puss intcrt‘crcncc call.
Sirignano's pass completion in the end Iouc
was ntrllificd because of the penalty.

The Dane defense protected the 4-point
lead in the fourth quarter despite two more
Dane punting errors. Substitute punter Mark
Grtluski failed to handle a low snap which
gttvc the Owls the ball at the Albany 38.

Three plays later. Gaiuski made up for his
mistake by intercepting a Sirignano pass.

SPORTS B E a

sports

 

had to shuttle the ltncup so that cveryonc
moved up two positions. Phillips. temporary
first singles. dropped a 6-l. 6»3 decision to
Andra Wersbcrg and was promptly followed
by lsaacs and her 2-6. 6-2. 64 loss to Arlene
Hecker. Tischler was routed 6-I. -l by
Karen Potkin, Snow lost 7-5, 6-2 to Laurie
Comstock. and Nancy Forbes was overcome
6-0. 6-4 by Beena Enir. The only victory
came at the hands of Yun as she volleyed to a
three set victory. 3-6. 6-2. 6-I. over Julie
Nucci.

“It was another case of lack of concentra-
tiort by the girls" commented Warner. “We
really should irave played better. but we
couldn‘t overcome the loss of Mindy and
Deb."

The next three matches are against
Biughamton. Oneonta and Skidmorc. Coach
Warner feels the team should really take all
three in order to get back on the right
track. I i

Owls

The Owls had another opportunity to take
the lead when Galuski’s punt was blocked by
Andy Comes. But one more strortg defensive
stand forced the Owls to punt after three
plays.

“We finally had it lead to protect." said
linebacker lid Eastman. “This season we‘ve
Sitippcd teams for three quarters but when we
look on -thc scoreboard. we haven't put any
points on the hoard. it‘s definitely a natural
letdown. Today. it was rt confidence factor
having a lead."

Substitute quarterback Rich .Ioncs prtt tltc
grtmc out of touch when he hit opctt widc
rcccivcr i’clc McGratlt on n SI-ynrd
touchdown puss on it slant patient.

“it felt great," sttid Jones, who completed
his first touchdown pass as a varsity player.
“it couldn’t have come at a better time.“
PAW PRINTS: DE Larry Cuvazzo did rttl ex-
cclicnt job filling in for the injured .Ilm Cutt-
flcld. who should return this week against
Cortiund...Coach l-‘ord used the Brien
reverse pass play two more times. one of
them caught for 27 yards.....Mlluno wound
tip third on the Danes in passing yardage with
llrlen leading with 102 yards. quarterback

Jones had 76. and Mllano throwing for 50. ii

The second ASP Sports Su lament will be out next
Tuesdayﬁ Oct. 18 with a eocgr story on

professional

Albany. Including a full page coverage of
Intramurals.

 

 

 

By Tom Kacandes
ASSOC/A TE SPORTS EDITOR

 

Last Saturday was a big day for the Albany
State men's cross-country team as the Danes
picked up three,wins running on the hilly
5-mite course in Van Cortlandt Park in the
Bronx. Albany's score against Trenton state
was close. 26-29; but the Danes did better
against Montclair State. winning 2742. and
almost shut out Queens College, scoring only
17 points to Queens' total of 46.

Possibly the most important feature of the
meet was the way in which the Danes won the
four-team race. Dane runners lan Clements
and captain Jim Erwin both fell off the
leaders’ pace after two miles. Erwin,
hampered by a cold, ﬁnished tenth overall In
27:42. with Clements ﬁght behind him
finishing in 27:47 to take eleventh place.

To ﬁll in the gap sophomore Chuck Bron-
ner moved up to catch race leaders Ed McGili
and captain Chris Callaci of Albany and the
eventual race winner. Kevin Power of Tren-
ton. Power's winning time was 26:37. with
McGili in hot pursuit crossing the line in
26:40. Bronner made his ﬁrst appearance in
the top three places by ﬁnishing up very
strongly and covering the course in 27:25.

Callaci also had a good day. but was outklck-

Ailing booters lose to Potsdam in overtime, 2- 1

 

By Mark Levine

ASSOC/If 'I'l! SI'()R IX I-IJI [tilt

,__.________, ,_.__._.,, 

One thing is certain about the Albany State
men's soccer team: at least Ihcy'tc keeping
Jack Koelntcl and his staff busy.

Jack Koclmcl is the men's trainer hcrc at
Albany State and lately ire turd his assistants
have become very familiar with many
members of Albany's ntctt's socccr team.

Sports Briefs

Women booters tie

The Albany State women's soccer team
maintained its .500 record for thc season as
they played St. Lawrence to n H tic this
past Saturday. The Dtutcs tuc now 4-4» I.

Albany Head Coach Atrry Kidder cullcd
botlt squads “comparable.” The game
fcttturcd few shots on gout and tight play on
the part of botlr tcttms. After a scoreless
first httif. Lisa l.um guvc Albany :r H) icud
with ltcr third goal of lhc )‘Ciil' III 12:45 of
the second half. It sccntcd us though the
Danes would walk away with tlrc victory,
but with only five minutes remaining in

>rcgulution piny. St. Lawrence forced :m
ovcrtimc period by tying up thc game.

The Dunes dominutcd both I5-ruiuutc
overtime periods. but couldn‘t come up
with the gtunc-wiuncr. Kiddcr noted that

"22-l2...i-‘rcsh off their fifth straight

E0 MARUSBICN UPS
The women's soccer team tied St.
Lawrence 1-1.

ed by Bronner in the last mile and ﬁnished
fourth overall in 27:28. Erwin and Clements
rounded out the scoring while freshmen Mike
Hans and James Todd ﬁnished sixth and
eighth for the Danes. respectively.

"it's great that we‘re strong enough to run
at 80 percent and still win." Clements said.
“We'don't have set positions on the team.
and if somebody's not upI then the other
guys have to take up the slack."

it's noteworthy that Dane sophomore
Craig Parlato. who normally ﬁnishes in the
top six for Albany. was rested this weekend
and did not compete. "I think a number of
people, particularly SUNY coaches. are go-
ing to be surprised by this team." Albany
Head Coach Bob Mansey said.

Asked about the team's ﬁnish, Callaci
noted that “Our guys have a lot of con-
fidence in each other-~we can rely on one
another to do the job.” Callaci further ex-
plained that. "thn we go to the
SUNYACs, we'll all have to be 100 percent if
we want to do well. and we‘ll have to really
crank to win it." The Danes dual meet record
ltns now improved to 8-3.

This Saturday Albany will travel to Buf-
falo to compete in tltc cross-country SUNY
championships wltere they finished third last
year. iii

After losing two of their best dcfcttdcrs itt a
3-0 loss to Union last Wednesday, the Danes
suffered sorrte rrtore casualties on Saturday.
The Danes also lost the game to the host
Potsdam Bears by a Z-l score irt oycttinte,
dropping Albany's rccord to 3-5 on the year.

in Wednesday‘s loss to Union. dcfcndcrs
Mike Miller and Francisco Duarte collided.
and both suffered mild concussions and were
rcmovcd front the gttttrc. Duartc also rc-

 

‘llotlt teams were exhausted" in the sud-
dcn dcutlt. Albany was also hruupcrcd by
injuries to a few of their defensive players.
The Dunes host ltl’i Iodny beginning at 3
pm. According to Kidder. "Ri’l is a tutti"
we should blow rigitt by, but it could bc
.ough with ttll tltc injuries we have." She
also ttddcd. “We nccd to bc Itcrrltlry for
Saturday's ruatclr against thc Univcrsity oi
liochcstct‘. 'l‘hcy'rc tr real tough tctrm."

SUNYAC leaders

Albany State women's socccr gottlics
'l'rncy Kntrull and (‘uthy Russo are two of
tltc top i'iic goulics irt goals allowed iii the
Si lNYA(‘ ('oltl'ct'cttcc. Knuuii presently has
not allowed u gonl, whilc Russo has in goals:
against trvcrtrgc of 1.63. In addition,
Albany I'ortttttd Kcrry Young is Ionrtlr III
tltc confcrcncc itt scoring with fitc gonls
illltl no assists for It) points.

Hoops to begin

iltc \‘tiiit‘ttt‘ inrskctlnrii season Illilt'liiih
opens this \sct-kcnrl .Is It'tilirs can begin
holding iiiiit'ilt't‘N Uctobcr l5. lllc |i.rur-\
open the season chrnbct it: when ||lL'\
Inkc on ('(‘N\' ttt tlrc opening round or tlu‘
('trpitnl District lournnrncnt.

Upcoming events

looking to reach the .500 mark for the
first time all scttsou, the Albany (irctrt
Dtutcs trike on (‘ortlnud on tltc rorui Sutur~
titty afternoon. The Duncs upscl Division Ii
Southern Connecticut last Saturday

SUNYAC championship. thc mcn's tcnnis
lt'illII has it rortd nuitch ill the University of
Vermont this afternoon..,'i‘hc women's
soccer team has n ltottrc game this ttftcr-
noon against RPI at 3230 put. The Duucs'
record is 4—4-1...Thc men‘s soccer tcrun
looks to improve on their 3-5 record when
they host Siena on Wednesday at 3:30
prn...Tlte women‘s tennis tcrrrn has an away
meet against Bingharnton on chncsduy.

 

.OCTOBER ".1983 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  23

Men barriers take first place in four-way meet

an mausarcu are

The men's cross country team defeated Trenton State, Montclair State and
Queens College In a four-way maot Saturday at Van Cortlandt Park.

quircd five stitches in his tread. Anotltcr
dcfcrtdcr. Dominique (.‘adct. also was injured
in tile loss.

Duartc recovered in time to play in tire
Potsdam game. but Miller and Cadet both
lutd to sit otrt. Unfortunately. Dtrttrtc played
lrtrrt and suffcrcd a sprained ankle. Albany
llcttd (.‘oach lJiil Schicffclin must be fcelirtg a
bit snukcbit.

"Miller and Cudct both hard to sit out. turd
Durttlc sprained his ankle iIIId probttbly
won't be able to play chncsday (against
Sicrrtti.” Schicffelin said. "Not only that.
(defender) Bob Gurrctt hypcrcxtcndcd his
knee." in put it bluntly. lhc Aibttny defense
is hurting.

llurting might also be used to describe the
Albany offense. which scored fcwcr than two
goals for the sixth tirrrc irt eight games on
Saturday.

After a scoreless first Iutlf. tlrc licrtts scored
first til the l:27 mark of tire sccoud lurll‘.
Albany's .lohn Shicids tied it at the 2I:()I
rrutrk of tire itqu off a rcbonrrd of n 'l'ilrrm
l’rcsbic shot, There was no further scoring
until tltc overtime. although Albany had the
better of tltc pltly. according to Schicl‘fclin.

“We dominated the garlic. we just can't
.corc tr goal.“ he said. “We played pretty
well except for the final session. We hrrd forrt
or five good chances in the second half and
couldn't score."

in the overrirnc, l’otsduru's Jon Vito

scored with 8:0] gone by. sending the Danes

to their second straight defeat and fourth in

the last five games. .

CORNER KICKS: As mentioned. Dunes
Iltave scored more than one goal only twice in
eight games. In other six games. combined
total of goals scored is four...l)omlnance of
play Saturday was further evidenced by
shots. which showed Albany outshnotlng
Potsdam l‘)-I0...ltt their five losses. Danes
have allowed three game-winners with under
eight minutes to play and one other in over-
tlme...(;oaltcndcr Tom Merritt. who has
played every game this season. has a very irri-
prcsslvc goals against average of
l.Jll...Albuny hosts Slena on Wednesday at
3:30 before visiting lllnghrunton on Satur-
duy. According to Schleffclin. lrrtliuns are
“one of the \H‘llltet‘ teams on our
scllcdulc"...Srtrnc couldn't be said for
lliuglmrnlon. who are one of five SUNYAC
teams rurtkcd ill the top It) in the Division ill

New York State l'oll. Latest rankings hurr-

Buffalo State ranked first; Cortland. whom

Dunes lost to earlier this year. is third: and

Itirtghunrton crrrrcnlly checks In at number

seven. Iluffttlo University and l’rctiortlu are

other two top It) SUNYAC scltnols...l’rcsi)ie

currently third In SUNYAC scoring race with

fire goals. one assist for It points...Aftcr trip

to lilngltumton. Alhrtrry finishes your with

three straight home games, against ()ncnntrr.

Vassar. and RH.

. at:
so maussrcn UPS

'VThe Albany men's soccer team lost for the fourth time In the last five games on
Saturday. dropping a 2-1 decision to Potsdam on the road.

 

