 

.aspects on tuesda

31) a:

tashdance may be the hottest
flash from Hollywood since
1 Fame. it Is the story of a young
9 girl who works as welder by day and a
3 dancer by night. Her goal is to become part
of a real dance company although she has
had no formal training. Just to keep things
interesting there Is a wonderful little love
story too.

Megan Gray Taylor

60-

 

 

The star of this movie is Jennifer Beals
who plays Alex Owens dancer/welder ex-
tradtnaire. Beats. a freshman at Yale. was
discovered for this film and i suspect alter
this performance she will become a
household name. Not only does she have
poise, sincerity and genuine compaslon
that comes right off the screen. but she Is
also an amazing dancer.

Mawby‘s Bar where most of the dance
sequences take place is a strange Ilttle club
that hosts out of the ordinary dance
routines by some exceptional dancers. The
dancers include Cynthia Rhodes as Tina
Tech (she does a fantastic interpretation of
“Manhunt” by Karen Kamon). Durga
McBroom as Heels. Stacy Ptckren ‘ as
Margo and Liz Sagal as Sunny. The
routines are equal to the best video of any
song on MTV. All this previously unknown
talent. suddenly appearing in this fllnr has
to remind you of Ferric.

There Is another reason Fame may come
to mind and that is that the theme song
“FIashdancc-erat A Feeling" (which is
getting alot of popular air play these days)
Is performed by ireiie Cara (who also wrote
the lyrics with Keith Forsey). The sound-
track is a manr factor in tlils movies suc-
cess. it includes such hits as "Gloria". “i
Love Rock 'N' Roll". "Romeo" and Kim
Cariies' “l'll Be Here Where Tire Heart is".
This movie has a lot of assets not the
least of which is Michael Nourt as Nick
Hurley. the love Interest. Seine of you may
remember him from the days when he was
a soap opera heart-throb (i believe it was
on Love of Life). if you don't you will cer-
taily remeiirber him after this appearance.
He is the rugged. sensitive hero wlro is not
only good-looking but a good actor too.
He is totally believable as the tough kid
who tirade it trig and has acheived :3 refine

ozart was not a Texan. and
though the young Amadeus has
never visited the Lone Star Pro-
vince. be Is alive and well In Texas as seen
this past Wednesday cvurriirg in the Texas
Opera ’I‘heater's perioriiiance of The Mob
ridge 0/ Figaro, The opera In four acts tells
the lighthearted tale of the antics of the
famed bass Figaro and lrls wile Susanna.
Both Figaro aird Susanna are servants to
the count and countess Almaviva respec-
tively. Willi the aid of the count's page
Cherubino. rvlro is interminably stricken by
Eros. the stage is set for “Love Austrian
Style."
William D. Charmack
it. p irstcally centch rtt'UUItt tie
nuptial of Figaro and Susanna. but to corn-
plicate matters we soon find out that the
Count Almaviva is lit love with Susanna.
Susanna in turn is devoted to Figaro.
Meanwhile a Dr. Bartolo and his servant
Marcellina scheme against Figaro for a past
betrayal in a plot to have Marcelliriir wed
Figaro. To complicate matters the counts
wife the Contess /\|maviva Is being pursued
by Clierubina. the Counts page who has
already made plans to rrrarry a household
servant. it Is throrrglr the plot of Figaro. the
countess /\lmnviva and Susanna that the
opera yeilds many laughs and suspenseful
rnrrinents. As always the denouenrent
leaves the audience thoroughly satisfied
with love tiirrrnphiirg over till involved in
ttllt’r marital bliss
The Marriage of Figaro is perhaps one of
litt‘ best loved, of all the Mozarteari works

    
       

 

 

 

for orchestra The lay person who is by all

 

Flash InThe Pan

ment that allows him to be sensitive and
strong.

There rest of the cast which Includes
Alex’s best friend Jeannie (Sunny
Johnson) and her stand-up comic/cook
boyfriend Richie (Kyle T. Heffner) are also
excellent. Jeannie as the waitress who
dreams of being In an Ice show is another
of these super talented actresses who not
only can act but in this case she is an ex-
cellent skater. The owner of Mawby's is
Jake (Ron Karabatsos) and he is the quen-
tisenttal overweight Pittsburgh barkeep with
a down-to-earth crudeness that Just barely
covers an enormous heart.

There is one other character in this film
that deserves special recognition. That Is
Jumbo Red who plays Grunt. Who you
may ask Is Grunt? Well he is Alex's faithful
(albeit Incredibly ugly) dog. Benji doesn't
have a prayer when this guy Is clone
wiedeling his way into your heart.

The film was written by Tom Hedley and
Joe Eszterhas and directed by Adrian
Lyne. There Is no superflous filler in this
film. Every line ls nedded, every action
motivated. and every scene tightly
directed. Film editors Bud Smith and Walt
Mulconery also deserve credit for the
smothness of this movie. There Is mood.
too. to this film that is facilitate by the
bleakness of Pittsburgh. This sense was
captured by photographer Dori Peterman.

This has been one of the hardest reviews
l've had to write all year because i liked this
film so much l'm not sure what to say first.
Jennifer Beals is one of the most beautiful.
talented discoveries in years. Michael Nourt

could rival Paul Newman If given the
chance. Every iocalttoii shot. every' set
design. every costume was perfect. But
more Importantly this film leaves you feel-
iirg so good you want to dance out of the
theatre. After a screening the other night i
happened to be in the ladies room. This i
what i heard from others: “That was such a
great movie." "i want to see it again right
now." “i want to see it twenty times."

What can i add. but that i saw the movie
twice In three days and after the first ttrne
ran out and bought the soundtrack. l‘ve
been humming ever since. This Is a great
escape from the lrassels of those final
weeks of school. Don‘t rnlss this one. it's at
Cine l-(). l l

The Marriage Of Amadeus

    

likelihood unfamiliar with the opera's
popular score is at least well auuatrited with
the name of the opera's lead protagonist
Figaro. Ah yes. i can distinctly remember
during llttiSL’ wee hours of Saturday morn-
ing when Mel Blanc's timeless vibrato
would reverberate “Fl-germ." “Fl-ga-ro!"
from vocal cord to receptive living room.
Despite the familarity of the opera. the
company pirt fortlr a performance which
can only be classified as "weak" lttlliltg
even the experienced opera patron to that
forbidden land of shut t‘yU'llll'l'lttl'Of'tICl.
This problem was especially evident in the
fir a econti and third .rc

     

 

  

 

 

 

  

The cast of Mozart's The Marriage 0] Figaro. at Proctor's

promise of a steady modualtion relieving
the boredom of the first act. it is in the se-
cond and third acts that some of the most
incredible arias ever to grace the stage are
introduced Among the most notealile
were Clrerubino's solo (Gwendolyn Lentz)

company boasted languid
Vocal perforrniurccs from most of the cast.
their acting capabilitru» redeemed the pi't
tirier facial expressions .rrrd
abilities as serious tlrespiarrs would trulv
make young Amadeus pine for the dr-i-p

‘ 
(.ouritess in the inld portion of the thlrrl Tm. Mumuuc“1,31%,”“ﬁnnthcr..mm
pic of i’roclor's diverse offering.
young company has achieved acclaim in
their national tour. with a bit moic \t'ttlb
they will establish themselves as a company
ltl watch for. l’roctor's
with lfivilo in May. Watch Spectrum for

 

The second and third acts were simply
carried by the superb work of Margaret
l’oyirer‘Galbiattlr (the Countess Airtiavtval
who was able to rise above the over-
repressing orchestra and the theatru's poor

 

lirrwerl

 

 

 

or those who thought that 1979's
The Wall arid its subsequent trio-
tioii picture were the ultimate —
and final 7- purges of Roger Waters' per-
sonal anxieties and rerriorses. behold The
Final Cttf. Regretlably. Waters' Big State-
ment for 1983 is with few exceptions. one
long at l stagnant bitch.

 

 

Ben Gordon

Waters' father died in World War it at the
age of Ilrtrtyeone. and Waters has never ad
jusled to the fact instead. he is crushed by
feelings of personal guilt ("Was it iiie'r'/Dld
iwatch too much TVV/ls that a hint of ac-
cusation in your eyes ') and despair for the
demise of a postrwar' society's naive aspiia
tions (“What happened to the postwar
drr-riiii’ ' oli Maggie/Maggie what have we
tlttItL'T‘) The result is a despairing produc-
tion which bills itself as “a requiem for the
trust war dream."

Hull t'iillt'l'litt’tl irriiibliiigs consistently
iiriposi' l'lrrI lrstcrn'i's only iiirirlvyiiicirt IH

  
 

   

as a irir'iiiln'i of the ‘itiiii'lt,’ lliiiii't itttliii
Itti‘tIl. a gloomy .rirrl rtlti'ltrtltllti li’t‘lllttl
ilitttl r rriu slwptrr u might ~.irr r t‘wsitlllt,‘ argue
that tho l‘rirk l loud ltlrit lriin- hanlrm llltit' .rs

ii]i])ll“~‘~ltttl .ri. illl' |t‘-tlllli'\ ii i Iitltlt’lllll‘i
lirilrrrr' in i’liliiiirtNlN‘ .r rrrinirrrrir
ili’lliilltlttdliil itrtlr tlrc li‘~li‘|li‘| viruiiw. tlirv

‘utttlt' tlittltistirtl Irltl‘ri‘tl ln/ Ilrr‘ Wolf ltltri.
whi'ry Wrrtvis' I|\\’it fantasies -tt\’ obscirrr'd
with far out rirragr-ry Mtisl interior». will find
illllt' tri iii‘ their own ltVt'S ItIlti that of an ag
rrig. neurotic rock star ()vurdrainatrc
prissriiiis’iii r'vokrvs Ittllt ulu ltt'it' because
\t‘il‘it- ltt‘rittl those rrrsriric coiidi'iiriirrlrrrirs
below. arid the realities of last year rlH' still
\rinarit .iird Ulltliljitt‘ﬁt'ill. wars happcii.
prurplr' div, and rock stars get old /\ (flash
stvlt' wow of in Iron di'fiiiituly seems more
appropriate than wli pityuig winning.

llvspitr- llti' burden of Watcrs' proton:
srrur-i. lill'lt' are still some interesting things
going on here. and lifelong l'loyd fans will
cirroy r'rrirrparrirg 'I'Irr’ Finrrl (for with earlier
winks. especially in solving some of titr'
.rnrhrgrritu-s rrf l'fir’ Wolf At least the real
R‘Hlt'i' Watr'rs has finally str'ppr-d forward

 

 

and \\‘t‘ ran finally understand how tlrr-
Inystr'rruu-i entity of I’irrk Floyd presently
iiiiitiioirs .rs hiss of a psychedelic. spacy
lirriid rtlltl Iiititt‘ as air atticssrrry for Roger
Writi'rs' psychotherapy

Also of Iltlk‘tr'sl is the occasional musical
lit-arin of wine of the songs. |)tllll\lllrlIlV
" l'lii' l’rn.r| Cut" and "Your l’ossible l‘asts".
and in a irrrrdr'r vein. of "Not Now John"
The singing is often brilliant. gliding easily
from delrcair' llitllts to raging. spiteful low;
The vocals are backed by a keyboard
tapestry wrtli less gradiositv tliari dirr'riig
'l‘lri' Wrrll. but violent bursts arrrl snippets r rt
Irrodia broadcasts abound

iiiriplrasis is also placed on lltt'
“hrrlrrplroriii’s” rcrindirrg ti'rliiriiirrvs used

 

 

 

Hener 18 V6.

 

  
   

 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
    
  
  
 
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
    
     

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

rrr proririr trig iltl'» .rlluriir ilri‘ quality in liii-
pit-ssir‘i' arid pr'ilraps lllt'li‘ls \irttii’lltittg to
it. but ill iii’\‘i'I itiiirii on my "liraiid X"
\li'ti'ii At iiIIlt'N. though. ihmr' .rrrdrrr tricks
are iii-.rt' l caper rally liltt' iltr' t l- u k In long iii
“The ilcrir's iii-turn” liut don't in) finrlerl
lilir' l'rrirtl f'trt Is not Ili'rtll\,’ rl“ (irrinl .rii
at t vault) in rtllt’lt’tl status as flrrik Solo 4)]
tlrc fllrrorr. iit t'\.t‘ii rli'rttt Mrrlracl Jane
The lili rbli'rns wrth 'f'lir' I‘inol t ‘nI are less
piirlilr-rrrs of ~.krll than they are rr-~.irlt-, of re-
ti‘ttl happr-rrrrrgs wrtlriir l'ink lilrryd Roger
Walrus ha». i'inuigerl as |llll'( tor and coin-
]llt~.t'I ir'ai'irrg otht'is to wrw- as backup
ItilI‘iii r.rirs llris was ritiliriti‘ltllv i'tititltlll frn
keyboardist ltrr k Wright, who |ittIt[it’tl tiff
illt‘ Watt-rs bandwagon last war illitl it

ry Cool

tlilrl llcrrdry\. llti' rrrrctrrin' lyric

fun it ltt'ltllitl the pop slllll trrrr

l.<ill|'ilt'. has l’llii'ltli'il as a tutti
pr-llrrrrr prvrlrrrrni'r tirr lti't first ‘iillir .rllnriii.
,\rrrrrr. \lrr' lilr'irrls grrspr-I lrarrrririirus. took.
two urnr- ililll syiitlrrwi/crl drsro IltlltUtltE-i
II]ltr1l]liti]llll\l\|' highly |ttiii\‘itll|rtl style

Gail Merrell

Nttllrt br'grrii lrr'i crricr'r iti i.rilii'llL'. a
group Willi lr this both daurngly theatrical
and politically provocative They had the
hippest of .nrdii'irces- heavy coiitigeirts of
blacks, gay», and trurrdres of all denomina-
trons |..rbt'|lc became tire.fiist black pop
giiitiii to perform at New York's
Metropolitan Opera House On the
strength of their hit. “Lady Marmalade."
r'llL’ll' alburii Nightsbird went gold

Labelle dissolved iir i‘l77 Nona felt that
as a writer for a consciousness raising
group. she was beginning to repeat herself.
She litt’lt based herself in New York City.
touring. wrrtirrg and recording in Europe
and the States. She became a prominent
member of the New York club scene.
writing. recording and performing with
such diverse acts as Defunkt. David
.lohairsen. (‘rarlaird defines and Rough
Trade

Noira became friendly with Jerry Har-
rison. the leyboardist in Talking Heads.
The friendship led to astounding perfor-
mances w"h the Heads on their live
album. 'l‘hr Name o] This Band is Talking
floods. an:. on their It’emrrln in Light pro-
ject. which features some of rock's most iii-
litinilin.‘ performers. Nona and deny con-
tinued to work together. He and Busta
Jones produced but lirrropeari hit single. a
cover of the Srrpiernes' “itching in My
Heart." and in tur'n. Noira contributed
lyrics and vocal arrangements to l'lar'rison's

solo debut. The Red and The Block.

 

 

 
 

aspects on tiresday

0-— m'o) ~o

WG-—

rirn'srr'l look like he'll be bacck. WIiItL'hS the
dc: line rrf Jethro Tull under lair
Anderson's facist rule liven the Who has
suffi'ir'd. as luwtihltl‘ttti has become iii-
\Iil\‘i‘tl with the personal themes ltt his
iiiiirtri rsiittt Is this tin! fate of all aging rock
liairrls‘ Hoch Writersv upcrriiiiirg solo
album may tell the tale for l‘rnk Floyd.
Matrrrrtv .rrrd rock and roll make uneasy
livrllyllrrws

Unfortunately. middle age reflection has
been the supergroups' excuse for nar»
cissisrn above and beyond the call of last
rlt-rarlc's tastes. More unfortunately. a lot
of pooplv still accept this deadwood as real

'prrrgrr-ssri'e stuff. sort of NW brand name

loyalty for frozen pizza.

.'\It|irt kept very busy. and with the
llttllrtlt lltsii-tttic guitarist Naux. she put
iogctlrvr the experimental rock band. Zero
(‘no|. who played everything from atoiral
ran,- to electronic Motown She also con»
tinrivd independent projects. scoring a
(hurt c limit hit with "Do What You Wairna
[)rr." Ii’itittiL’tl with the Cage. an English
gr »up fiuriuring Visage tlIUlItlttL't Rusty
[go She also had a minor hit with
"i’-.r~triig ()ut." her first studio coltoboration
\Ulil Material.

Nona has continued working With the
funk it /./. unit Material. Both she and they
to produced her solo album. 'i‘heir
resulting effort is a powerful. richly textured
i.l’. with riiarry of the songs dealing with
lllt‘ power. elusiveiiess and constant
changes of love. "Transformation." says
l’lcrrdryx. is irboir' “inevitable oscillation.
how we're constantly swinging back and
forth between poles in every area of life."
"lrr- spellbinding "Dummy Up" suggests
"hoiv quickly people change partners In
our modern nightlife." Nona's most overtly
piritiICdl statement. “Living On The
Bi‘ldt’l" denounces the dominance of
fasl'iori in contemporary life. And "Keep it
Confidential." a perfectly crafted riarrcev
rock number keeps the beat by flirting bet-
ween funk and country rhihyms.

At once elegant and strectwise. Nona
fully captures one of progressive pop
music's most enigmatic personalities. it is
an artisitic expression first. as it seems that
for now Nona is tbrougli with being a
spokesperson. “i don't think of myself as a
female. i don't tliink of myself as a black
female. and I don't think of myself as a rock
artist." Nona insists, "l'm not afraid to
touch soiirething because it's not supposed
to he of my ilknlii fact, makes me want to
do rt more. l'nr interested iii the new and
untried. and I don't mind accepting the

r consequences."

 

  
  
  

.,. ..... .;__._....'.:-..‘.VW '

  
 
 

 

