 

 

m. .ﬁ‘aﬁaﬁvr— .-M... “ﬁﬂﬁvr‘~h¢'f?$*':‘ftf;?ﬁrtt

 

 

.333; Ibi-

m I-M' “$31!: 'FY' «:23? 1 3‘3-

 

 

 

.E'D

iron:

A L '

 

 

Beyond the rhetoric

1 he surface rhetoric provided in political cam-
paigns is often the sole cause for a constituent
to vote a certain way. in all too many elections

the poster slogans are more important than concepts
and ideas of the campaign. However. there are ways
of redirecting misplaced priorities.

in the Student Association elections, many
students are simply unaware of what the candidates
have to say. The few debates that are sponsored have
excellent intentions. yet the atidiences they rcacii are
not nearly extensive enough. The Albany Student
Press endorsement supplement gives the candidates a
forum to explain their platforms. and allows this
newspaper to express an editorial viewpoint.

In endorsing an SA president and vice president,
we are doing nothing out of the norm. Newspapers
have made political endorsements for decades. The
paper is simply expressing an opinion about the Ciln-
didates. just as we are expressing aii opinion now.

Of course, we do not ignore the great responsibility
and care that mttst go itito our decisions. The eti-
dorsemetit board is made tip of editors who are well
versed in campus issues. One member was at) SA cati-
didate who came before the endorsenictit board ti few
years ago and was rejected. Opitiiotis were formed
based on what the candidates had to stty rather tlinii
hearsay. When pressed for answers. those questioned

were forced to go beyond the simplistic campaign
rhetoric and give rcal answers.

The ASP endorsement has recently carried much
weight with the voters. in the past two years. students
have voted all of our choices into office. However,
for several years before this, the ASP endorsements
seemed to act as a jinx. Everyone we supported met
with rejection from the voters. Evidently, in the past
our opinion has not been highly honored.

A factor which adds much credibility to our cn-
dorsement is the fact that we are totally independent
of SA. Siticc we receive no funding wliatsociter from
SA. we are better able to make unbiased judgements.
We aren't dependent on these politicians.

The endorsement board sought answers to ques-
tiotis they felt best revealed the most qualified cati-
diditte. Each candidate was rigorously interviewed
for about one hour. We tried to concentrate on topics
we fell needed to be addressed. We tiiade stire to ask
cvcry candidate their opinion on certain key issues.
This year, these included the NYl’lRG referendum.
bits fees. role of The Student Voice, OCA. political
group futidiiig atid voting rights. among others.

We also looked at a candidate’s intelligence.
character. past performance. intergrity. strength
utidcr pressure and their plans for dealing with facul-
ty. administrators and students.

After interviewing all the candidates. the board

then conducted an intense discussion and debate to
determine who would be the most effective,
motivating and progressive elected officials. The
following people were involved in the endorsement
decision: Mark Gesncr. editor in chief; Wayne
Peereboom. executive editor; Teri Kaplowitz.
managing editor; Lisa Strain. managing editor; Marc
Haspel. senior editor; David Laskin. copy editor and
Dean Betz, contributing editor. it was not necessary
for the board to vote on either candidate's endorse-
ment. rather decisions were made through group
consensus.

There's much more to the endorsements titan otir
opinion. On the cover of the election supplement arc
ottr choices for president anti 'vice president. ()n the
second and third pages are the reasons why we felt
the others weren‘t otir candidates. and also on
the third page is an evaluation of each referendum on
the ballot. Oti the last page is a statement each cari-
didate wrote himself. prititcd totally unedited so you
could see what they have to say about themselves.

in the ctid it is important of emphasize oticc again
that the endorsement is simply our opinion. Find out
the facts you want to know arid vote for the person
that you feel is most qualified. Together we should be
able to pick candidates worthy of these important
positions. l

 

C

 

O L U M

N

 

 

Sobriety, hi

i wish to address a few issues which seem to be of impor-
tance these days -- the drinking age and the raise in tuition
at SUNYA. These events have caused an incredible amount
of overexertion and wasted hot air. all of which we need it
these early days of Spring.

E S. Lane

First of all. the drinking age. l don‘t feel the attempts of
self-important legislators to tell persons younger than
themselves ltow to run their lives is going to have any effect.
it merely makes us more clever iti our means to gain intox-
icating liquids. l have never been successfully proofed but
for those outtthere who have been, that's the breaks. it is
the law now. and huffing and puffing won‘t change it. nr
matter how much greedy bar owners try to tell you other-
wise. Thcy are not looking out for your own good or that
you’re old enough to be drafted. you’re old enough to
drink. etc.. etc. They want your money. because following
their logic. only men should drink, as only men can bt
drafted. Kinda puts a crimp in your dating scene. huh?

This law was created to allow those dipsomaniacs in the
State Legislature to avoid their own drunk-driving pro-
blems by transposing them to someone else, those below 19
As if suddenly by denying them legal access to alcohol it
would make much difference; i don‘t think it will because it
they want it, they will get it and those people who are safe
drivers. who know their limit. will still be safe drivers who
know their limit ifits legal or not for them to get alcohol. in
many of the drunk-driving deaths, it isn't if you're drunk.
it‘s if the guy wavering that yellow line is. If drunk-driving
is the problem toughen drunk-driving laws, don't raise tht
drinking age. This is their way of not answering the pro
blem but staring at one symptom and declaring that they've
cured the entire situation. And must i point out. if it isn‘t
evident. that they can still drink. drive and get off because
not one bit of the law affects them. it's nice to be able to
cover your own tail at the expense of the entire state legal
system. huh?

 

Now. to approach the tuition raise is going to be con-
troversial. we all know of the hard times this country is go-
ing through. whether is needs to be going through them it
to be left aside for future investigation. The topic is that
Cuomo wants to both cut personnel and raise tuition which
is like cutting the dog's tail and its head off at the same
time. One or the other, please. The controversial part is
that something will go. whether we want it to or not. Things
are pretty good for us here. and the cost of everything has
gone up. The money has got to come front somewhere.

But there is something else which really is the heart of'
this problem — the cut in Pell grants. the cut is 40 percentl
That means that one-half of the students who were getting
money will be now getting money. or people will be getting
half of what they were getting before. Now it should be ob-
vious that the less people who are educated. the worse
shape the country is in. and with jobs in short supply, there

her tuition

is altnost no way to pay tuition short of loans. Most people
who are truly affected by these cuts will not be able to cover
a loan. This is not to neglect the fact that many loans are
never repaycd. so banks are getting skeptical of making
loans to people they aren't stirc of. The short litie is that
both public and private tiniversitics are getting fewer
students, there is less money overall. Talks are raised about
cutting out sortie schools altogether. and then all stiffer.
students today. arid business and the nation in five to teti
Vears. when tliev ltave less talent in the pool to draw from.
if Reagan really wants to protect this country from com-
munism, he would keep the mass of the educated growing.
for it isn’t the educated and happy who most gravitate
toward communism. it is those who cati be most easily in-
duced toward its promises and dreams of glory. illt
uneducated. By increasing military spending and decreasing
education. he is assuring internal downfall for this country.
while protecting it from an imagined attack from the out-
side. And the bigger the guns we have. the more top heavy
we become — wltat are we going to do if Rtissia takes over.
lets say. Greece? Blow them up? Fight them and risk
nuclear confrontation? It should be clear what corner we
are painting ourselves into.

Our cutbacks and personnel losses have a dire effect on

you

not just our education but also of our unborn kids. TllL
lack of qualiﬁed math instructors in our hi h schools. lost
to better paying Big iiusiness. is leaving on y the really es~
ceptional math students to have a chance at understanding
the math a formcr~geology-teacher-ttirucd-matli-instructor
is teaching. or you have a truly devoted tnatli teacher. who
will give up the advantages ofa corporatejob to teach. and
they are rare. To assure the Russians beating the Americans
for world stability is to follow the course Reagan has map-
ped otit. While standing strong and angry to the Russians.
he has left the most open door to otir eventual defeat by
assuring the continuation of fewer qualified people to atl-
vance science and technology.

i will admit that the two isstics l have selected to revicu
titiglit appear to be unrelated btit in fact they are related h
lam saying authority is not to be trusted in these instances.
and in fact in many other cases we go through daily. Look
around you. what do you see that you question? Why do
things have to go the way they do. is that the correct way‘.’
Why is it that way? l'm not advocating anarchy but don't
follow blindly, there is logic to everything atid if you don't
see it. maybe it isn‘t there. Arid listen to everything you
hear and try to understand it — maybe someone is saying
something yoti should know. i '

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

CNSECOiD'll-ﬂlEii-TEASK

Wow...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘. 't‘i.‘!5‘.ils 1. .7. ./t.s...r :; __ In”.

‘ 2a»th “A “mum -s... a.‘ r .wu-:.. 1.....-“

  

$86th

PRESS

SA Election

 

:; .31.»; mmzvarut.mmussmwmwxrr .

 
 

Supplement

APRIL [2. I983

 

 

 

ORSEMENTS

 

 

 

 

 

 

Schaffer has

icli Schaffcr clearly displays the awareness and sea-
R sltlvlty a Student Association president must

possess. When addressing the endorsement board
he did not need to liiiprovise; it was evidctit that he litid
rcsctirclied and understood each topic beforehand.
Therefore. the board has unanimously voted to endorse
Rich Sclial‘fcr for SA President.

Sclirifl‘er has several suggestions on how to improve SA
communication with the students. administration. and
Albany community. He believes the president should iii-
ititttc coiiinitmication upon assuming office. iti order to
provide access to all groups.

More specifically. Sclint'l‘cr suggests a grass roots concept
in where “we linve to sttirt at the bottom. atid work our way
up. in the .t we (SA) have only taken a bite otit of the
top." Schul‘fcr intends to start at the bottom by utilizing
the quad arid off-campus representatives. His new plan
calls for each Central Council member tti have a small
recognizable constituency of approximately 300 students.
Currently. tltcrc are four members representing l.200
students oti an average quad. His arrangement would
facilitate and strengthen communication between the
stttdciits and their representiiives.

in dealing with the adtiiiriistraiion. Scliafl‘er's ideas are
not tiovcl or utiiqtic. He favors dealing with the administra-
tion on a professional level in order to gain respect.

Scliaffer is also aware of the conittiuiiity outside of
SUNYA. l-le slrotigly believes that SA must be a political
organization and that students must utilize the new polling
place on campus. The board wholeheartedly agrees:
students mttst be prepared to deal with the governing bodies
which decide upon such issues as budget allocations and
election districting. as well as larger issues like the bottle
bill. Schuffer's idea of “bringing the world to the podium"

 

the ideas

further displays his awareness of the community beyond
l’erltneter Road

Schuffer favors ftitidlng NYPIRG. explaining that tlils
group provides another avenue of bringing outside issues
back to the students. He feels that The Student Voice
should take political stands to motivate students, tttid lie is
agtiiiist censorship of the SA publication. As for the futi-
ding of student groups lti SA. he felt "too many assump-
tions were made in the income that groups are expected to
bring iti —- programming is the key. The budget is not set in
concrete and we can iiinkc mid-year changes."

On the issue of the off-campus association. Scliaffer
believes that the existing ()CA is not effective. Although he
agrees that the position of professional dlrcctor should be
rtiaitilaltied. the candidate suggests that ()(‘A organize a
body similar to ti quad boartl. This board. he said. would
bring sortie policy direction titid better representation to the
organization. Whether this idea can work is hard to deter-
mine. Yet the ftict that Sciiaffer has knowledge and lins put
some creative thought itito the tiittttcr is commendable.

Sclial'fer's experience and achievements also add
‘egitiniacy to his campaign, He has been ti Central Council
member for two years. chairperson of the Stttdctit Action
Committee. and coordinator of the Albany “Fight the
llikc" rally. in the capacity of “Fight the Hike“ coor-
dinator, Scliuffer was chiefly responsible for organizing the
2.000 plus Albany turnout at the budget rally.

()ne reservation we have about Rich Schaffer is that he
tppenrs to be undyiiumie. While his ideas are appealing. he
may have some difficulty inspiring students. SA needs a
president who cati motivate the students to action.

Overall Scliat‘l‘er is a solid. well-rounded candidate. The
hotird feels he can do a capable job in representing. inform-

 

itig and fighting for the students.

Vice Pres: Schneider - the right skills

year was a tough one. Both candidates —— Jeff
Schneider arid Rob Fislikin —— have cottsiderahlc
cxpericnce. making them viable contenders for the office.

But along with his experietice. Schneider's capable com-
munication skills. contagious enthusiasm. and fresh ideas
have won him the ASP endorsement — although not
without some reservations.

The first thing we noticed abotit Schneider was his ability
to deal with people. He expressed his ideas clearly attd
without hesitation. He's a communicator with charisma.
These skills are necessary for a vice-president who will be
interacting with students. group leaders and ad-
niitiistrators. His personality could precipitate tnore stu-
dent participation in an SA atmosphere that tends to he
alienating and “cliquey”.

Schneider’s only a sophomore. but he's already raked in
plenty of experience. He was class of '85 president and a
member of the Student Action Committee and is currently
a member of Central Council. University Senate and class
of '85 treasurer. He's a leader with proven dedication to
student interests. ‘

Much of the vice president's responsibilities involve
reams of paperwork. leaving him or her little time to do
anything else. Schneider's idea is to tackle the paperwork
at night, so he can deal face to face with groups and their
problems duritig the day. A simple and feasible solution.

The bulk of a vice president’s job is to work closely wilth
the SA budget iii an effort to discern the needs of student
groups. in order to grapple with SA's current financial
straits, Schneider advocates “tighter control of student
groups" — a somewhat hackneyed idea. But listen again.
He's got another idea. Education. it's one thing to be a
watchdog oin group funding. btit Schneider wants to
cdticate groups oti the budgetary process so money allot-
ntcnt could be worked ottt together.This "friend. not foc"
attitude could clear tip some of the aniniosiiy some groups
have toward SA. This is a fresh idea that needs to be tried.

T he decision of who to endorse for vice president this

 

 

 

lInside - Candidate A

He also wants to use this idea of education to trickle stu»
dent apathy. He mentioned “education drives" could in—
fortn students oti pertinent issues while uniting them
together. The result would be two-fold —— it more politically
aware student body with a greater aliility to fight for issues.
and the natural decrease of apathy.

Schneider's ideas show he's not a reticent individual who
waits until problems come to hitn. He‘s ready to tackle
them before they become overwltelttiitig. SA needs it visible
vice president who will actively deal with the students, not
one content to live behind the closed door of his office.

On campus issues. Schneider is iti favor of the NYI’IRU
and Solomon refcrctida. he feels OCA sliottld have a pro-
fessional director. and believes SA slionld fittid tiiost
political groups. We support him in these areas.

For all his capabilities. Schneider admits he has
weaknesses. He cites his perfectionist“ as his biggest pro-
blem. But we see a little more than just that. In many ways.
he sounds naive. He is as sopliotiiore who pictures SA as
one happy family —- something that is nice but unrealistic.
Educating students takes it lot of time. and tiic SA vice
president cannot do it by himself. Schneider also does not
demonstrate enough knowlege about the SA budgetary
process. His idea of cdiictttioti sounds a little to campy and
ideological. When asked about the problems in SA.
Schneider mainly cited little things like excess xeroxing.
This shows he's not sleeping down in SA, bttt big issues
need to be on his ntittd. too. We also worry that he is not
sensitive to the needs of off campus students. For instance.
he favors a bus fee. if "06"" ry. to off campus students.
Lastly. we fear his urisoplti ition may make him prey to
adtiiinstration officials who could try to manipulate him.

Schneider's a sincere. likable gtiy who'll take an active
role as vice president. Rich Schuffer appears to be a solid
but iindynumic presidential candidate. Schaffer's qualities,
coupled with Schneider's charisma and communication
skills make the most effective team choice.

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

ALL SUPPLEMENT PHOTOS: LAURA BOSTlCK UPS

o...

...._. my K

e;

   

