 

a; - 2., a. .

“

 

EDITORIAL '

although no major races will be decided. thc elec-
tion is very important for several reasons. A'heavy
stttdent ttrrtrorrt is imperative.

It is impossible to be too plain: students must not shirk
their civic dtrty.

For well over a year. the Student Association has fougltt
energetically to establish rite lcgitintate voting rights of
SUNY students in the surrounding community. The results
have been mixed. The City of Albany under its anti-student
mayor. Thomas Whalen. has opposed voting booths on
campus even tlto'ugh numerically. students have exceeded
the legal limits of an election district.

E lection Day is coming up next Tuesday. and

In a move which created much indignation. eralen carv-
ed a new district in September to reﬂect the student popula-
tion, but included 15 homes on the Washington Avenue ex-
tension in order to justify his placing voting booths off-
campus.

 

Make the' system work for you

Under pressure. Wltalctt trroved tlte bomb to Thruway
. . . ., .
House on Washington Avenue, but SA wasrt tsattsfted. lt
sued. and recently lost. an effort to locate the booth on
campus

Student government has fought lortg and hard for the
voting rights of students ill their college communities. This
is art itttportattt right. an unassailable right which hostile
local ofﬁcials canrtot deny. try as they ntay. _ '

For its part. this paper iras consistently lent Its pages to
informing the sttrdent body both on voting rights struggles.
and on local races this year.

interestingly. candidates this year have worked ltard at
wooing the student vote. Almost uniformly. challengers
have recognized the strength of the student voting'bioe.'

The Republican incumbent town supcrvrsor tn
(iuilderland was instrumental in getting a voting booth on
campus for the residents of half of Dutch Quad and all of
indian Quad.

This is merely one example where lucal politics affect stu-
dent's lives, although students usually don't recognize it.

For off-campus students. many of the challengers.
notably Sharon Gonsalvcs of the Citizens party. have ad.
vocated reforms which affeCI students. like rcttt control and
tenant rights.

The fact of the matter is that local races are important to
students. ” t V

By exercising their voting rigltts tltrs Tuesday. SUNYA
students will be contributing a degree of control itt their
own lives and they will be approving and supporting ttte cf-
l'ort student government has made on their behalf.

Too ntuch is at stake for students not to turn out. let‘s
show the forces of the status quo that they ignore students
at their own peril.

And let's not embarass our leaders. who have fought and
are still fighting for legitimate civic rights.

Students. take your lives into your own hands. Turn otrt
en masse on election day. t

 

 

COLUMN

We must take a stand

The rlSI’ of Notember lst featured t‘\lt'll\i\t.' rrrt'orma-
tiott on lite [1.5. invasion of(irctttrda. lrt addition to a hour
page story cot crittg art ttrttlvimaslorr rally. the editorial page
also featured an article by Jose Ross) protesting U.S. in-
toltcntent irt (ireuadu. i feel that since the maiority ol'
students on campus are not very ucll informed as to \\ilill is
happening tltcre. an attctttpt should he made to present rt
balanced "

   

 

i Jeff Weinstein

The first question people must ask tltcmscltcs is “What
ucre the ('uhttns and Soviets doing there itr the Iirst place?
Clearly they ucrett't on vacation. 'lhcy \tctc btrildittg a
trcrttcndotts airstrip on a tiny country that for all intents
arid purposes has no air force or commerch jets. What the
country did Irate \vas hundreds or arttted Cuban
"workers". as hell us anti-aircraft guns. \\’httl \ttts the pur-
pose of this? (liven the Sm ict tendency to establish military
bases itt countries u here they hate gained influence uc cart
get a clear tieu of Soviet intentions. l ikc ('ubrr. (ircnada
could ha\c been well on its nay to bccotttitrg another Sotict
clone regime. such as the ottc in Cuba.

"lint" many people would argue. "(ircnadrt is a slltilil
powerless island that “as brutally intrtdcd by a tnttclt
stronger US." it should he remembered ltoucu‘r that
Cuba is also at small island. llrc US atrcmpted to mer-
throtv the Cuban government itt I‘iot arid failcd. Notv \H.‘
ltave a Sotiet ptrppet regime 90 miles off our coast. We
hrne Cttban “adtisots” itt Angola. Nicaragua and
lithiopitt. We have an oppressitc Mauist regime that at-
tcmpts to upon its police state philosophy c\ cry chance it
gets. Can we afford another Cuba in our hemisphere?

in the cover story Vera Michaclson says. “(ircrtadirrns
should decide their own government," l)id (irenadians
decide on having Austin‘s radical Mnr\isl government?
Was there any rtational resistance to tire American forces.
or was it just the Cubans u ho fought back? Indeed. many
(ircnadians \viilingly poitttcd ottt tncmbcrs ot' the radical
forces to American troops. c\cn leading thettr to the
hideout of thcvrndical Foreign Minister.

Another question that tttust be asked is "Would the new

government have listened to the voice of the people? The
rnotemcnt that attetnpted to take over the island followed
the ideological line of Cuba and the Soviet Union. Mr.
Kossy states that “The chairman of the Revolutionary
Council stated that they \yorrlubc calling elections soon."
Really. Would these elections htt\c hccn as free and
democratic as those held in Cuba and the Sotict Union?
This revolution. like most communist revolutions. \vtt\ car.
ried out by a small band of dedicated Manist radicals
claiming to represent "the people." and not by the people
themselves.

Critics of the invasion claim that the U.S. citi/cns in
Grenada were in no danger. is it logical to state that people
living trnder a regime that establishes a 24 hour “shoot on
sight" curfew order are iii no danger? (Mr. Rossy states
that thc curfew would have been lifted soon. How soon? As
soon as martial law was lifted in Poland?) lion do you c\-
plain pictures of US. iti/cns kissing lltc ground otrcc they
returned home? [avert the Chancellor of St. (icorge‘s
medical school itt (ir'cnada rccartlctl his earlier statement
that tile students here in no danger ottcc ltc Iertrnctl more
about tltc situation.

Criticism still remains hotsctcr. There are people ttlro say
that l’tcsitlcrtt Reagan trctcd forcefully because ltc was
frustrated met his lack of control in l cbunon. 'l hcsc critics
maintain that the l’rcsitlcnt did not pursue diplomatic op.
tions bclore military ones. What might these options bc?
Acting through the UN? Could the rts. really hate ac-
complishctl anything irt il body that I\ dominated by Mario

 

ists arid their Arab allies? “Perhaps the US. could have im-
posed sanctions" sortie ltavc argued. Unfortunately history
has shown that sanctions have been relatively ineffective itt
solving political problems. it wasn‘t diplomacy that
prevented the Soviets front installing missiles irt (‘uha in
[962. it was President Kennedy's show of strength itt slan-
tling up to Soviet aggression.

Mr. Rossy states that tltc “U.S. must stop playing the
role of the interttatiottrrl policeman." Are we supposed to
stand idly by and shrug our shoulders while the Soviets attd
Cubans spread Mrtrvist-lcninism all over the globe? During
the l'MO's the U.S. did nothing. attd Poland. liast tier-
tttany. C/echslovakia. lluttgary, Bulgaria nd Romania fell
to the Soviets. During the following decades tltc \torld saw

.the emergence ot' communist regimes irt Yugoslavia. ('ubrt.

North Korea and Vietnam. among others As rt rcsulr
Wit} almost Ollcdlllrtl ol' the crttirc globe is l' g ttttdcr the
tackboot ol' Communism. When do he take rt stand? When
Nicaragua and lil Salvador ttrrn Communist? When half
the world does? When Western lfuropc arid the (LS. are
the only democracies lcft'.’ No. it's tirttc to face reality. it's
titnc for Americans to o\crcortte thc rrtytlt that the US. is a
|i|y~\\hitc country that is above acting forcefully to dcfettd
its ovvn interests. A quick glance at any foreign neuspapcr
uill show that no otitcr country holds this opinion of the
US. Indeed. almost c\ery otltcr country. no matter uhat its
political orientation has at some time or another actcd
forcefully to protect its interests. (evilritain iii the
l-‘alklantlsl \Vlten every other country hypocritically accuses
the U.S. ol' acting unlauiuly it can only tttrrkc things \sotse
their the U.S. attacks itself from within.

Lastly. Mr. Rossy asks why the Us. doesn‘t invade
Chile. the Philippines. or llaiti. it may sound strange at

 

first to say that the artswcr lies lit the incl that [how tt‘t'tlllt".
ttre dictutorships, ttot Marxists ones. Ncicrthcicss the
distinction must be understood. Democracies are in the
minority on the map. The balance ot countries are crtht-t
Marxist-Leninlst or rlietutorships. llrc uotld today is ill“!
cltaracteriled by art liast-Wcst cortllict. i.c. the USSR \s,
the US. According to leniuist tlocltittc ( ommttmo
regitttes have art obligatiort to sptcrtd their ideology to .la
many countries as possible. the ultimate goal being \torlrt
Communism. Given this therefore lite [1.5. has no tilltt‘t
choice but to support the opposing side irt order to roam
tain a balance. i.c. dietatorships. Naturally it's unfortunate
tltrtt the U.S. must support brutal regimes such as llttity
Doc‘s itt Haiti. but the Soviets have litnitcd otrr choices. \\‘c
can‘t simply sit back and allow the Soviets arid their
satellites to rtrtt rampant. History has shourr that the USSR
has repeatedly viewed neutrality as a sign ol “Cilhllt'x‘r
Therefore the U.S. mus let to cotttrtcract the otltcr side In
employing ntcans that are available to it and that are ettct-
tivc.

The situation is not as hopeless as it might sccm. Itlit'.
the US. supports dictatorships that oppress their peoplc.
bttt such oppression doesn‘t aluays last fotctct. Recent
events snclt as the October .‘ltlth clcctiorh itt Argentina
the retttrn of democracy to Spain \ilU“ that dictatorshtps.
no matter ltow powerful they may sccnr. are \ulnctablc
thcy cart be defeated eventually. (in tire other hand. out-
can ask the question “How many times has it Communist
regime been ovcrthroun once in potter?“ lltc illl\\\L'i3
Never. Like a cancer. Communism takes root in art area
and. once there. spreads and [turf leaves. Unlike cuntvr
however. Communism can be sittmtctl. and should lH'.
before it's too late.

 

 

   
   

    
   

I‘LL SAY AWORD AND mmMoRsmp
mu 5M THE FlRS'l‘ 'i'lllNEt
"t‘llllt'l COM95 T0 Nile.0K? AND HUMAN

\\ ll

    

   
   

Wr hm _ College Preu Service

@ “ANT. blCTATORSlllP

   

"l ' album mains
musical

 

   
 
    
 
 

._\\ g
DlCTA'l‘ORSlllP
AND HUMAN RlGll'iS

  
   

 
  
   

\\ cUBA'li

 

  

   
 

SUBlC BAY
AND CLARK
AlR BASE.

 
   

 

   

 

 

it it .
t'..l":iiit .
:int'l pt  .
tti'i.

llilt ill til

it

two

I...

.,‘.,....tr-'

 

 

fl .


IV

l .

Mli‘mi‘h .
irritati-

.. . Ip‘  L I
"  a t' . .
'l‘ H g .I 1 r ..
rtlzri 'l’rliiiu’ I. r
  r . oi"?
.. illiliitmli.
, tilt at

4‘“

 

 

