 

 

22 Sports ALBANY STUDENTPRESS r:1 OCTOBER 25,1933

Men harriers capture third in Capital DiStiGt

(ASP) Surprised by a much improved RPI
team and running.at much less than full
strength. the Albany State men's cross-
country team ﬁnished third in the I983
Capital District Championships held on
Albany's 5.05-miie course last Saturday.
Division I Siena College took first with the
low score of'28 points. RPI was second with
47 points. Albany got third with 56 points,
and Union totaled I06 points. '
in contrast to last year’s relatively
pedestrian pace. this year's "Capitaland
Classic" was a very fast race from start to
ﬁnish. Dane runners led for the ﬁrst half
mile. but after that. Siena's front runners
took over and set the pace all the way to the
line. The leaders‘ mile splits were the fastest
on the Albany course this year: one mile.
4:57; two miles. I0:05; three miles. l5:|0.
Said Dane captain Chris Callaci. “We were
ottt fast. but somewhere around the three-
ntiie ntark Dan Hartcau (Siena) tossed in a
sub-five rttinute mile and that was that.”
Hartenu and teammate Dont Colose. who
was credited with the wlrt for scoring ptrr-
poses. finished together and were clocked at

25:51.2. RPl's first man. Steve Shattil was ,

the only other rttntter who could hang onto
the Siena duo. His time of 25:54 gave him
tltird place with roorn to spare.

The Danes' top runners were surprised by

' the pace of the middle miles. bttt ran with the

competition and kept it close. This effort
produced many of the season's best in-
dividual marks as five of Albany's top six
runners ran best ever times on their home
course.

Conspicuous among these was sophomore
tan Clements. whose time of 26:I8 slashed
his personal best record by a full 36 seconds.
That ﬁnish placed Clements sixth overall and
ﬁrst for Albany. as well as moving his name
up among those of the all-time top twenty
ﬁnishes on the home course. Unfortunately.
Clements was not able to catch Rt't‘s number
two runner, Scott LeMay. who ﬁnished ﬁfth
in 26:16. Said Callaci. “Usually we‘ve got Ed

McOili up there with fan. but he was forced
to sit this one out‘bccause of a chest cold and.
of course. that hurt us. Everybody else ran it
hard."

These others included Callael ltimself. The
junior ran consistent splits to finish a close
eighth in 26:23 and bettered his best-ever
mark by forty seconds. Said Clements.
"Chris has been very consistent all along. l'm
not surprised he ran so well and I dare say he
hasn't peﬁted yet." ‘

The other outstanding Dane performance
came from sophomore Chuck Bronner wltosc
quick time of 26:36 lowered his best by 47
seconds. The effort earned Bronner eleventh
place overall right behind RPi‘s third
ﬁnisher.

Looking to get back on his mid-season”

pace.-junior Captain Jim Erwin ran 26:49.
close to his best titttc on tile Albany course.
bttt suffered the satnc fate that Bronncr did.
As Albany's fourth mttrt. Erwin finished one
place behind Rl’ls fourth runner. The pat-
tern repcrttcd fartltcr back where junior Torn
Kacandcs. the Dattcs' fiftlt runner. ran 27:27
and broke his best-ever tttark by eight
seconds. btrt still finished behind RPl's fifth
ntan.

Colosc and Harteatt strung out the race
early enough so that the Siena-Albany con-
test was never in question. but the idea of
having lost the struggle with RP! formed
slowly in the tired minds of the Albany run-
ners after the race. Said Head Coach Bob
Munsey. “RPI ra‘n exceptionally well and
they just beat us head to head."

Last year the Engineers beat the Danes by
only one point. Explained Bronner. “We
ﬁgured that since we had improved we would
beat them." Kacandes added.”A bunch of
our guys had super races. but at the same
time RPI is an improved team and they had
one of their best races all season. I talked to
Scott LeMay. RPl's number two. after the
race. and he was surprised at how well they
ran. so I guess we picked the wrong day to
run them." An anonymous epigram written

'4.” , ..

 

 

 

so maussrcu urns,

Albany and RPI ran head-to-hoad in the Capital District Championships on Satur-
day. with RPI taking second and the Danes taking third.

on the team's chalk board summed it up:
"We ran well and still got beat, so next week
we have to run better."

ACROSS THE LINE: Albany runner
Clements was named Coach's Runner-of-the-
Meet for his strong finish. . .Varsity B run-

nera Todd James. James MeGlnty. and Doug
Lankler all finished well in the JV race. . .
The Danes train this week in preparation for
the lam Albany Invitational this coming
Saturday and the IC4A's held in Franklin
Park. Boston next Tuesday. 13

Women harriers run past HP! to post first win

 

By Dean Chang

STAFF WRITER

 

Showing drastic improvement. the Albany
State women's cross country team upset RPI
in Saturday's Capital District meetI 26 to 29.
The victory gave the women their ﬁrst win'of
the year.

To defeat RPI. a team that beat Albany
earlier this season. almost every runner had
to irttprove. Albany's fastest three runners all
achieved personal bests: Lynn Jacobs. “3:44;

co-captain Karen Kurthy, I8:49; and Maura
Mahon.l9:52.‘ Kurthy. who finished ﬁrst
overall. recorded the 37th fastest time ever on
the Albany course. Being a transfer. Jacobs’
performance went unrecorded.

The narrow victory could have been a
tough loss if it weren’t for junior Erma
George. With less titan a tttile to go. George
was surrottttdcd by three RPI runners. Show-
ing great dcterrttittatiort, George outdueled
the RPI trio to finish sixth overall. fourth

among Albany runners. Site bettered her per-
sonal record by 48 seconds with her time of
2

"This race ltas to be Erma's finest perfor-
mance of her college career." said Albatty
Head Coach Ron White. “l have never seen
ltcr make such an outstanding effort. Erma is
a dedicated. reliable runner; today really
showed rttc something. I don't want to take
anything away from the other girls. bttt Erma
has to be the rtrttner of the meet."

Danes lose to Norwich Cadets on final drive, 31-27

<Back Page

First. Milano hit wide receiver Pete}

McCrth on a ﬂy pattern for 4] yards.
Milano then threw an arching pass to Bob
Brien, who reached over his defender to haul
iii a 14-yard touchdown reception with 24
seconds in the ltalf.

The Danes. thankful to be down by only
two points at halftime. came out in'the se-
cond half looking to make grounds for their
sloppy ﬁrst'two quarters.

On the ﬁrst possession, Albany put
together a classic 80-yard. four minute
touchdown drive concluding with a 5-yard
keeper by'MlIano. The big play in the drive
was Brien's patented reverse option pass.
completed to tight end Bill Banagan for 31
yards.

The Danes‘ 13-9 lead didn't last long as
another Dane turnover led to a Cadet Score.
Running back Joltn 'Durtham coughed up the
hall after gaining five yards, giving Norwich
possession at their own 43.

It took five plays for the Cadets to go 57
yards and regain the lead. 16-I3. Brooks
plowed three yards for the score with 8: l3 left
in the third.

The sec-saw battle continued when the
freshman Benjamin took the ensuing kickoff
64 yards to the Norwich 35. On the second
play front scrimmage. rttnning back Dana
Mcivin gallopcd 33 yards for a touchdown lrt
tltc one of the most impressive power runs by

 

ED MAHUSSICH UPS
Albany was defeated by Norwich In the
last 47 seconds of the game. 31-27.

 

 

it Done back this year. The sophomore broke
two tackles along the way before rcacltirtg the
endzonc with 9:” left lit the third.

Albany State extended the 20-16 lead to
27-16 when Dunham‘s seven yard touchdown
run capped a 69-yard drive.

It was at this point when Norwich began
their comeback which sent the Danes down
to defeat and gave the Cadets their first win
at University Field.

“A lot of firsts this year," said a dejected
Ford in the Dane lockcrroont afterwards.
“Heck. we’re 2-5." [3

PAW PRIN'I‘S:Senlor Linebacker Eddie
Eastman was thrown out of the game in the
third quarter for pushing a referee...Jlm
Canfield finally did start against Norwich but
didn’t play every down.“ was obvious that
his knees still aren't too percent
healed...Cadet running back Winnlfleld
lirooks' I2l yards in the game was fottr
below his average...A good turnout of close
to 4.000 showed up for the homecoming
game on parents weekend...3i points is the
highest amount the Danes' defense has allow-
ed this year. itttt the Dane offensive blunders
had " ., to do with lt...'l'he Danes' of-
fense also ptrt together a season high for total
'yards. Jill to the Cadets 275...Mlltrno itc-
eounted for 232 of those yards. passing for
I69 and rustling for 63. ' [I]

The four-way meet was irt actuality. a dual
meet between RPI and Albany. Union artd
Siena came with ittcontpictc teams. fielding
four and three runners. respectively.

Two women who gave courageous perfor-
mances were co-captain licttc Dmmtta and
sophomore Donna Burnham. Dzamba over-
come a leg injury to finish fifth overall while
Burnham successfully returned frortt a two-
ntontlt layoff to cotnc in tcntlt.

Dzamba. who finished one second behind
Mahon. almost dropped out of the race at the
halfway mark. Though limping heavily. she
managed to finish the race itt a respectable
tintc. “Bette really did lter part to win."
noted Wititc. "Site showed what a [rite cont-
pctitor she really is."

The meet also established tltc SCVL‘iI.flIft~

ners that would go on to the State Champion- .

ship at Hamilton this weekend. Kurtlty.
Mahon. Dzamba. George, Kim Patch attd
Chris Varley qualified for the meet; Varley
was the only runner that wasn't expected to
qualify. “Chris usually runs ninth or tenth."
said Wltite. “so for ltcr to come in seventh is
an outstanding accomplishment."

Varley itnproved upon ltcr personal best by
an astounding 2:|3. finishing itt 2115i. Hav-
ing never ran cross country before this year.
Varley's feat is cvctt tnorc notcwortlty. “I
really didn‘t expect to be going to the state
championship." said the sophomore. "it's
the first time that I finished in the top
seven."

The runners that didn't qualify will remain
home for tire Albany lttvitatiottal. Two of
those runners also made notable irnprove-
tncrtt Saturday. Carla Docltarty bettered ltcr
personal best by 2:i4. wltile Evcttc Runcic
irttprovcd her best by l:44.

“improvement was seen almost
everywhere; Saturday's performance was
perfect." said White. "They‘re right whercl
want tltcttt to be at this titne of the year. I
knew that we were ready for a big
ibrtfttkthrough; Saturday was a great time for
l .

 

 

 

OCTOBER 25.1933 :1 ALBANY swommass spom 23

Men booters impressive in 2-0 Win over Vassar

By Mark Levine
SPOR7S EDITOR

 

It was the kind of game that Albany Head
Coach Bill Schleffelin had been expecting of
his team for a long time. Maybe even all year.

Saturday afternoon on University Field.
the Albany State men's soccer team defeated
Vassar College, 2-0. More importantly. the
Danes put together 90 minutes of very solid
soccer for one of the few times this year.

The offense clicked for two second ltalf
goals. but for the first tintc in several games
they created numerous scoring opportunities.
The defense. including goaltender Tom Mer-
ritt. kept Vassar in check attd chalked up
Albany's fourth shutout on the season. "it
was." Scltieffclin said. "the best we've look-
ed in a very long time."

Second half goals by forward 'l'ihatt
Presbie (his seventh) anti midfielder .icff
llackett (his fourth) sparked tltc Albany of-
fcnsc. as the Danes were able to score rrtorc
than one goal for the first time since a 3-] win
over lirockport October i. That span coveted
five games.

l’rcsbie's goal CtIIIIL‘ with his back to the
net frortt a very tough angle. lie ttrrrtcd and
fired a' shot inside the ttcar post for his learn-
lcading scvcttth of tltc ycar illltl a l-() Aibatty
lead.

A few minutes later. llackett scored what
Sciticffelirt termed "probably the nicest goal
of the year." i-‘orwnrd .ioitn Shields took rt
pass itt the rttiddic of the field attd tiickcd it
witlt his hch to Iluckett, wlto put a shot ittlo
tltc lower left ltattd corttcr for his fourth goal
of I98].

Although the Albany offense was
dangerous virtually the entire game. credit
must also go to Merrill and the defense.

which turned Vassar away on a couple of
close chances in the ﬁrst half when the game
was still scoreless.

Merritt made one diving save to his right
on a shot from 35 yards out. and made a sen-
sational save a few minutes later. diving to
his left and tipping a shot away that was
headed for the lower right hand corner.

“Tommy played his best game all year."
Schicffelin said. “He was called on to make a
couple of trying saves in the ﬁrst half. and he
responded. He was coming off his line and
being very aggressive. I think his being ag-
gressive intimidated some of their players in-
to missing their shots."

The win upped Albany’s record to 5-7 on
the year. However. despite not qualifying for
the SUNYAC Playoffs and not reaching the
.500 mark for the second straight year. things
are beginning to look up for Schieffelin and
his team.

For one thing. this years' group consists of
only three seniors who will rtot rctttrrt for
WM, although they are an integral pttrt'of
this year's squad. Defenders Mike Miller.
Bob Garrett artd Matt McShcrry will con-
elude their Albany careers iii the season finale
against RI’I Wednesday afternoon.

irt addition. All-American forward Jerry
lsaacs and All-SUNYAC forward Terry Bac-
citus look like they will he rcltirnittg to the
Danes next year. according to Schieffclin.
lsnacs uttd liacchus. who formed the crux of
the Albany offense last year. were unable to
play this year dttc to personal reasons.

“it looks like Jerry and Terry will be brick
next year." Schicffclin said. "If we cart cottt-
bittc them with Tiltatt on the front lirtc, that
should give us a very formidable offense.

 

 

Things are lookirtg good for the future."

CORNER KICKS: In addition to [stores and
Bacchus returning. Schieffelln said that mid-
fielder Greg Mueller. who served as an assis-
tant coach this year. will be back next year...

so mmussrcu UPS
The men's soccer team played aggressive ball up front and on defense to shut out
Vassar 2-0 last Saturday.

Danes have allowed more than one goal only
five tlrnes in I2 games. If Bacchus and Isaacs
return. Danes should win many more of the
low-scoring games... Six of seven of Albany's
losses have come by one goal. [:1

Netwomen finish with strong showing in States

 

By Perry Tiscltier
STA/'7' ll'RlTlflt

 

The Albany State women‘s tennis season
ended this weekend with a tremendous show-
ing at the Divison lil State Championships irt
Rochester.

Coach Mari Warner's representative squad
of ﬁrst singles Mindy liartstcitt. Captain

SPORTS BRIEFS

Softball finals

This past weekend marked the final
weekend of intramural softball for tire
AMlA/WIRA fall 1983 season.

ltl tlte league lA finals. ilorcd of l-‘ducrt-
Iiort defeated iittlty liubbn lir'othcrs l5»tl. In
league lit. the Anal intruders won the
'championship. defeating the Agents of For-
ttrrte 4-2 itt eight ittrtirtgs.. league 2 was won
by Rabinowitl, X 3. as they knocked off the
Tailgurtttcrs. We Are The Team upended
l.cbczitttrtikovs irt the league 3 finals. and
lit League 4A. lite Mixed Monsters heat
Kool and tltc Gang. The league 4i! titlc lltts
not yet bectt decided. with one scrttifinal
and the final rcntaitting to be played.

With the calendar snort changing to
Noverttber. tltc intramural sports will tnch
indoors. as the basketball and hockey
seasons begirt itt tltc first Week of
Novcmlter, according to AMIA council
ntcrnber Mikc Silbcrman. i l

Wrestling tourney

Titrce Albany State Wrestlers competed
for Coach Joe DeMeo artd the Adirottdack
Three—Style Wrestling Association in the
National AAU Oreco-Rontan style wrestl-
ing championship at Ri’i last Saturday.

The three wrestlers were Andy Seras.
Spero Theofilatos. and Sean Sheldon.

Seras and Sheldon botlt won their weight
classes 163 and 114.5 respectively while two
time All-American Tltcofilatos could only
capture third place as the Adironduk club
came away with the victory.

Both Seras and ’l‘heofilatos arc entertaitt-
irtg ihoughts of competing in the I984
Olympic Games itt Los Angelcs.

 

Joan Phillips. and the Dane duo of Lauren
lsaacs and Helene Tisltler rose to tltc occa-
sion as they cataptrltcd to a seventh-place
ranking. the best itt Albany history.

Led by the dynamic duo of Isaac‘s and
Tischler. the Danes piled up i6 points in the
24-tcam tourttarttcttt. lit the opening routtd.
tltc tandem rolled to a three set victory over
Kclly Lartbcrt artd Artty Wildnan ttf

 

 

UPS
The AAU Grace-Roman wrestling
championships were held last
weekend.

Upcoming events

The men's soccer tcatn will be closing otrt
their season with a ltome game tomorrow
against RPI bcgitttting at 3:30 p.ttt. it will
be the ﬁnal appearattcc in an Albarty
uniform for Danes Mike Miller, Bob Gar-
rett and Matt McShcrry. With their win
over Vassar College on Saturday. the
boaters upped their record to 5-7... The
women's soccer team has a big week ahead
of them. First. they travel to Vassar College
on Wednesday for their final regular season
gantc. They will then be preparing to host
the SUNYA Playoffs on Saturday. Lttst
weekend. the Danes shut out Plattsburgh
and Castleton to intprove their record to
7-6-1 on the year..-. The women's volleyball
team travels to Russell Sage for a game
against Urtiort tomorrow night... ‘

 

 

 

Hamilton 6-2. 4-6. 6-3. Titey quickly follow-
ed up that win with anotlter tltrec-sct victory
over ltltaca 6-2. i-6. 6-4. In round three. St.
Lawrence's Val Kellcltcr and Sherry Siter-
man fell 4-6. 6-3, 6-4. In rottnd four. the
Danes met their match irt RIT's Kelly Collins
and Taddy Deback. who handed the dtto a
6-3. 6-] loss.

After elirnittation lit the tttaitt draw, Iltc
girls ltcrtdcd for tlte consolation rounds
where they wltippcd Siena before losing to
Skidtttore itt tltrce sets. Coaclt Warner was
quick to praise her successful tcrttn.

“It was just beautiful. They were great at
the “cf and played the best tennis l'vc ever
seen tltcru play." Chapter one of the Dane
success story was complete.

Chapter two saw first singles Mittdy Harts—
tein get a first round byc only to firtd herself
matched against number five seeded Jtrlic
Miller of Urtiort. After hearing Hartstcin 6-0.
6-4, irt a tough match. Miller went on later to
win the wltolc tournament. In the consola-
tion rourtds. Hartstcin got her revenge
wreaking havoc in tltrec consecutive matches.
Rottnd one saw a 6-2. 6-3 thrashing of Stntty
Brook. Round two saw Sttc Getcltel of
Russell Sage fail itt tltrce sets 4-6. 6-4. 6-4.

 

  

Next came Diane Serenson of Bingltamton
who was routed 6-i . 6-0. In the fourth round.
a physically drained Hartstein fell 6-3. 6-4 to
Karen Cariilvitz. an excellent player who was
rartkcd seventh. “She was very good today."
Cotnntcnted Coach Warner. “Site had some
had lttck in the draw (meeting number ﬁve
Miller) ltttt Mindy fougltt back and really
made me happy." ‘

Last but not least came Phillips. who
received a first routtd by and tltcn mct
LauraMartin ofSkidmore. Martin proved no
match for the Dane leader as site was routed
7-5. 6-2. Round two for Phillips did rtot fare
as well. Against sixth seeded Kristin Good-
man. she fell strongly itt titrce sets 3-6. 6-4.
4-6. In the consolation round. Phillips
bounced back against Selene Decicio of Cor-
tland as she won 6-3. 4-6. 6-2. fit their final
routtd. Phillips met the rturttbcr one singles of
RlT. Linda Gorsky. Gorsky won 6-4. 6-3.
Coach Warner was nonetheless proud.
".ioan was very strong today artd played very
well against some stiff competition."

So in a tournament witcrc Albany never
finished better than cleverttlt. thc l983 Dane
Netwontcn made a home for themselves. It
culminates a fine season of improvement rind
excellence for both team and coach alike .3

. r 'z. .
xenuv xrnsn ur>s

The Albany State women's tennis team took seventh place In the State Champion-
ships in Rochester for the best finish in the team's history.

 

 

 

