   
 

r
r
1

6 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS [1 NOVEMBER I,I983

 

 

Birch Societyrallies to ‘Remember Flight 007’

 

By Bob Gardlnler
E I

III/(M L ASSIS Til N f

 

New York State members of the John
Birch Society rallied on the east steps of the
Capital Saturday afternoon staging a small
but insistent “Remember Flight 007 and
Larry McDonald Memorial."

The two-hour rally featured prayers recited
by a minister. hymns. patriotic songs. and
speakers who expressed feelings for
McDonald and espoused political views
regarding U.S. foreign policy among other
issues.

One of the speakers. Bill Busch. said he
was a personal friend of McDonald's and
went on to describe the Congressman and his
connection with the KAL flight.

“You can bet your boots that because he
(McDonald) was on that plane It was the
reason it was shot down." said Busch.

“He was the most conservative Con.
gressman probably in our history. Now we
need other shoulders to the wheel to tell peo-
ple what the Birch Society is all about."

The ultra-conservative society maintains
that McDonald. 11 far-right Congressman
from Georgia. was the real target of the Rus-
sian ﬁghters that brought down the Korean
airliner. Birch society spokeswoman Diarte
Clements said.

"People don't know. but Larry
McDonald was much more than a con-
gressman. He was also working hard against
communism. He was investigating people in
ottr government tltat were helping the corn-
tnttnists and he rttttdc people aware of it."
said Clements in a telephone interview later.

“I am quite conﬁdent that we will never
really know for sure. but i believe the plane

News Updates

Prof receives award

SUNYA psychology professor Frank Art-
drasik is tlte_[cclpicnt of a $21 i .000 Research
Career Development Award for his research
on headaches in children.

The five-year award. given by the National
Advisory Neurological and Communicative
Disorders anti Stroke Council. will free An-
draslk front his teaching responsibilities so ltc
can devote full titttc to his research at the
university‘s Center for Strcss anti Anxiety
Disorders.

SA to appeal

Student Association officials \ttltl Monday
that they will appeal a polling place lawsuit
that they lost recently. btrt not until after
November clcctions.

SA attorney Mark Misltlcr c\p|ttittcd that
“it (appealing) did not seem practical to do irr
the time remaining before election."

in the lawsuit. SA sought an on-campus
polling place for residents of (‘olonial arttl
half of Dutch quad. SA charged tltc city with
gerrytttartdcring. discnfranchiscmcnt of
voters. and redrawing tltc clcction districts in

 

was downed because McDonald was on it."
she said. ‘ '

Because of McDonald's anti-communist
activities. the society claims the Russians held
a strong motive to kill him. according to
Clements.

“Also. if they wanted to kill Larry
McDonald they would not care about‘thc ex-
tra 200 people on the plane." Clements
asserted.

“Socialism has grown in‘lhls country
through some of the economic programs.
Isn‘t socialism just another form of com-
munism or facism?“ queried society member
Marilyn Davis. another speaker at the rally.

“You must become informed in other
ways than the T.V. and newspapers." said
Davis. “Our children will not learn about
America in the schools. Our children are too
much influenced today by liberal thinking.“
she said.

“The World Bank and the International
Monetary Fund are socialist communist
schemes." she said. through which American
taxpayers support communist inﬂuenced
countries. Davis asserted.

Following Davis's speech the rally
members. holding American flags and signs
that said. “Mr. President Stop all Trade with
Soviet Murderers." sang the llattlc llymn of
the Republic. The ralliers also carried poster
photos of McDonald that reminded
observers to "Remember Larry McDonald
and Flight 007."

Rev. George Mcharrnon of the Iirrllston
Lake iiaptist Church spoke rtcar the end of
the rally about McDonald. saying “It was
true biblical love that carried that mart to
propel himself into the forefront of the hat-
tlc." r

 

John Blrch ralllers at Capital Saturday

 

 

ROBERT SOUCY lJi";

According It) I/Ie society, McDonald was the real large! of the Russian ﬂghfenr

 

August when the city's power to rcdisctrlct
cspircd early in January.

According to SA president Rich Schaffcr
SA cortld not appeal the judge‘s decision irt
titnc for the upcoming elections because the
Appellate Division tlocs ttot tncct until Nov.‘)
and a request for a special hearing could rtot
be granted before tltc elections.

UAS elects Pres.

Tltc UAS hoard ofdircctors cicctcd .lohrut~
ntt Sarracco last Friday to be their rtcw ptcsi~
dent. according to SA officials.
cttlty member Jim Van Voorst was
elected to the position of Vice President and
Marc (iimpcl was ttnartiruortsly elected to be
(‘hair of the lioard.

Friendly’s test market

Albany will he tltc test market for the
friendly ice ('rctun Corporation‘s first ten»
turc ittto strpcrrnttrkct products. 'I‘wo pro»
ducts will be market tested for a "few mon-
ths" bcgittrring November ll. according to zt
rcccut Friendly's announcement.

Friendly. a Hershey Foods Corporation
company. will market the “Jubilee Roll." a

   

populo.r item from the company's chain of
restaurants. and tire “Dtttclr Ftrdgc Roll." a
new prodt‘ct described by Fricttdly's as "a
promising newcomer." Both are ice cream
products.

Gen. Ed. summaries

Summaries of the opinions of students
who took (icncrttl Education cottrscs in Fall
1982 attd Spring 1983 are now available to
students as additional information to help in
the selection of Spring 1984 General liduca-
tiort courses. The course rating summaries
describe the opinions of students on ()\t.'t 350
(icncral litlucrrtion courses and sections of-
fered each semester of thc SURVFY ()F
(iliNliRAl, EDUCATION COURS 1S
tSURUI-i) nrc rttailablc til the Reserve Desk
of the Main library. tltc (‘cuter for
Undergraduate liducation t(‘Uii). anti the
offices of Studcttt Association ((‘('-| 16).

Ph.D. fellowships

Minority students who intend to pursue
studies leading to a Ph.D. ill the social
’ . humanities. artd science fields may
he eligr lit for one of ruore Illttn 50 four year

 

 

 

fcllowships in I984.
The Committee on institutional ( norm

~ tion. a consortium of lhc “llig '1 cu" l II)‘.r't
sitics and the Unitctsily of Chicago. you or.
the fellowships which provide full trrrtrnrr .rrrtl
an annual stipend of at least $6.0m lo: L.ttlt

of four years.

The applications incorporate a rrmqm ottv
stcp application procedure combimuv .r'»
piicatiort for both tltc fellowship rlllll [or .n
mission to any of tltc ('It' tttti\ctst|tr‘ on .t
single form.

Honor symposium :

A symposium irt horror of StiNt \ rim
fcssor limcr'itus hlrrtttit/ Johnson. nlrtttrrtrrl
for No\ctnhct 4-5 ill the ttptowrt L‘.Iill|‘ll -. Mil

 

deal with the topic ”l~\ccllcucc and tlrvt ‘ll
riculum.“

The symposium will be r. it'sl\rtl|‘vt 1w ’llt r
Presidential ('ottttttissiott on I \tt-IIr-rr.. m
l‘iducntion and will also focus on lltc rnlt- or
curriculum itt educational t-xtcilr llct
Speakers will he ttllclltllltg Irorrr \wt-Jru.
Chicago. Ncw Mc\ico. Alttssttc’ltttst'tts. \vrtth
t'nr'oliun. and Ncw York.

Johnson retired in June ttttct .ltl \c.u~ .11
SUNYA. and a testimonial Llllllll‘l to thy
(‘tttupus (‘crrtcr‘ will close the syrrrpmuun

 

I Thursdaz‘

EIIIST BLOOD

 

TIIIS WEEKEND
at

' veng v ggggggg

TI'IE HEAIIIIG OF LIFE
AID JUSTICE FOR All.

EATING IIAOUI.

  

 

 

  

 

-- "pH-enrawmpln‘ul “ i

   
  

 
   

 

 
 

Wednesday
LADIES NlTE
$.50 drinks
all nlte

l

 
   
 

 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

$3 pitchers-$.50

   
  

Wad-Sat.
7pm till

n
Closing Chuckles

 

STEP INTO
A WORLD OF FAIITASY!

{wow twain s:

 

Thursday
COLLEGE NlTE

Amateur Nlto
I

THE AREA’S ONLY VIDEO-TE

CH . ,
it'll New Karner Road    an) llpqrrrrrltl r

v'v'vvvvvvv '

   

    
  

  

     
 
 
 
 

Friday & Saturday
dance to your favorite
video music with V.J.
ANDY CHOUFFI
Live Comedy

drafts

 

 

Proper A mm

v'v'v

 

 

 

By Tim Shell

Stulr I'mr Srrvrt-r

 

The State University Board of Trustees Wednesday
adopted a budget proposal for 1984-85 which asks for the
largest increase in state funding ever sought in one year.
The second largest increase ever sought was last year's $l47
million request.

The requested $149 million increase over this year's
operating budget has SUNY asking for $1.355 billion in the
next fiscal year.

The proposal now goes to the governor for incorporation
into the executive budget proposal.

Though a large budget request. the trustees and
Chancellor Clifton Wharton stressed that they are not
assuntlng'any tuition or dorm rent increases to cover any
part of the overall budget.

Trustee Darwin Wales of Binghamton said after the
meeting. "1 don't think we’ll get the whole thing." though
he sold the 'requcst “was as realistic as you cart get."

The mood at the meeting wrts sober. Vice Chancellor for
Finances Harry K. Spirrdler said the proposal was “tr solid
and rcsponsive...thoughtt‘ull and sensitive one...and i trope
the governor arid the legislnttrrc see it as a necessary one.
there is no rootn for cutting."

State Senator .lntncs l.aVn|lc. chairman of tire scuttle
higher education committee. said it "is very appropriate ill
this poirtt in the budget process for the trustees and the
chancellor to make a request cottsistnnt with their feeling of
a dollar rcqttcst needed to complctc a mission."

United University Professions (‘orrunuuications Director
Fred Lambert said "after a prclirrtittary rcview. Iltc request
is still iuttdcquatc to maintain existing programs."

Ahotrt 50 percent of the increase requested. $73.9
million. is due to rregotitttcd fttcttlty ' s. “And the
state negotiated those. not the university.“ Wales said.

A total of Jl‘) position rcslortttions. complemented by
1352 ttcw positions. were requested.

Among these. tnost arc support of non-instructionul
positions. which Spindlcr said. “were very carefully

r.
r‘.’

 

‘cltoscn. This isjtrst rtn attempt to recoup the loss over years

when faculty took priority."

The new positions. he said. are "not programs improve-
ment httt program rccoupmcnt." referring to cuts in
departments and programs ovcr tltc last ttittc years as
SUNY lost ncarly 10 pcrccttt of its personnel.

Lambert snid “infhttionary costs and ttcgotitttcd salary
increases are fixed costs. and the university knew of the
negotiated increases a long titnc ugo."

NOVEMBER I. I983 lJ ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 7

SUNY Board of Trustees adopts ’84-85 budget

 

 

 

 

SUNY Central; Inset: Chancellor Clllton Wharton 7
The proposal asks for the lurng increase in .rltrlt'frrnrlir r.

Included in the proposal is a projected increase of l)t)t)
students over the estimated enrollment at state funded catn-
ptrscs at present. This would sec 194.125 students enrolled.
compared to l98.723 itt 1980. Dorm rent arid l'cc increases
rose opposite of this downward cnrollttrcnt trend during
that tirue.

Lambert said that “losses over the last tctt years have cf-
fcctivcly denied access to thousands of student applicants.
effectively screening out opportunity fora heck of a lot of
students. are still not being adequately addressed. Not by
this budget."

Wales said tltc budget proposal “has no political
significance in any way. it's just simply as realistic as yott
'an get."

 

 

so MARUSSICN: lttlolibAVE ASHER Ups
song/ll in one your.

Wharton. asked if SUNY would get arty money raised by
the November Ii bond issue if passed. said he tltottgltt not.
bttt wasn‘t sure. He did. however. warn that "if we neglect
ottr human ittfrnstrtrctttrc to tire degree the pity cal irr-
frastructurc has been neglected. there will b- a time when
we will he required to reinvest to the same degree—yet there
i. higher human impact when there is u need to rcitrvest
like that."

Lanlle said that "public officials ltave saitl titnc and
time ngttin that what they want... is a rrrarriage between
higher education and business to help the economy and irr-
dustry of New York state. Yet the DOB (division of budget)
goes about cutting the resources to do this. And it can‘t be
done." ‘

    

 

17>

Women ’s Caucus endorses local candidates

 

lly Amey Adams

I‘il'tccn candidates from three cottrttics were endorsed by
the (‘npital District Women's Political (‘mrcus (("DWI’U
at it cortrtrttrttity “Meet the Candidates Night" on 'I'ucstlay.
-()ct. lit. according to a press release by the ('DWI’C.

Fight candidates for the Albany County legislature wcrc
endorsed: i‘hyllis A. (‘lttrkc (It-2nd Dist.), Sandra Rt‘tlsc'
Tcutplc (D-Jtd I)ist.). for tie Freeman (t‘iIi/cn's I’nr'ty-
5th Disl.). l-lcanor llillmy t (l)-fvllt Dist.). Sharott (ion-
salvcs ((‘iIi/cu‘s l’arty-lltlr l)ist.). William (irrtham
(D-Zlud Dist.), Robert l’rculiss (I{.('—24th Dist.). and

 

 

David Snwycr (t).(‘-J(»rh Dist.)

The (‘rutcus also endorst Francis Fitch (R.(‘). candidate
for the l'r'oy ('in Council. 4th District. in chssclrtcr (‘oun-
ry.

ln Schenectady. thc (‘rutcus chosc Karen Johnson (D.l.l
for Mayor. and Victor ('aban ((‘iti/cn's l’ttrty). Angela
Nclligan ((‘iti/cu's ’arty). Shirley Rcuddcan twritc-irr can-
didate). anti Kate Skcltou-(‘aban ((‘iti/cu‘s Party) for
Schcncctutly (‘in Council, For County lloard of Represen-
tativcs. thc (‘aucus supports It. Donald Ackcr'mrm (D-lnd
l)isl.).

In 11 press release. (‘DWI’C Chairperson Wcrtdy l‘t.‘\cl.
said "The ('apitnl District Women's l’oliticnl t‘rrucus is

NYPIRG planning demonstrations

Ily Lisn Mirabella

New York Public Interest Research tiroup (NYl'IRU)
is planning at series of dcuronslt'tttious to teach students
how to wenthcri/c their apartments. as part of the Fncrgy
(‘onsctvrtlion Project. The dctnonstr'ntiotts will take plttcc
lit the | cctttrc ('cntcr rucn Novcrtrbcr lo-lti.

Prior to offering the \\'UtllllL‘Il/illlt)ll tips. project
members will conduct ‘
an energy survey to
tllscmct conservation
habits and options
available to students.
The survey risks: Do
you pay your owtr
heating hills‘i; Atc
lights turned olf
when not in ttsc'.’; Do
you turn the hunt
down at night?.

The project‘s cmr
plutsis is to make slu< V
dent dwellings rrrorc
energy efficient.
while saving the

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

ERICA SPIEOEL uns'
students money and Prolem mambOf Lisa RONNIE".
kccpitlg their apartments warrrrcr.

The campaign was launched last week when seven pro-
icct Inctrtbcrs were trained to teach wcnthcrt/mg tips to

students living off-campus. The group wcnthcrt/cd the
apartment of project member 1 ier Rttlllttttlt. Rottman
and her npartmctttmutcs c\pcct to save up to 20 percent
on heating costs this winter :rl'tcr wenthcrstriping doors
turd taping plastic around windows lit the apartment. Rot~
tman said. "The ttptlt'llllL‘Ili is warmer and less dtal‘ty. |
no longer have a wind going through rrry room.“

NYI’UsG project coordinator I’rurl llct'ick said. “The
project is geared toward lowest cost/highest bcucl'it
techniques." \Vcatlrcr'i/iug Rottmatr's apartment cost ort-
ly twenty dollars. llerrick suggested that students push
for landlords to pity for the wctrtlteri/ing equipment.

“You can talk to students about how good it is to save
energy because its good for the United States. bttt they‘ll
only listen if you tell them it's good because it saves them
money“ Rotttnttn cxplnincd.

Project memhcr L‘ttr‘yn Miskc said. “The main poitrt of
the projch is to raise strident awareness. Students cart
savc $l()() on a $20 investment." She added. “It only
takes a half ltottr to do it whole apartment."

Miskc is now working on securing coupons from local
hardware stores that would allow students rt 10 percent
discount on wcatlrcr'i/iug material. “This would give the
hardware stores c.\‘lt‘tt business and save students mortcy."
Miskc said.

“l.vcn for rhos ~ who do not pay their own ltctttittg hills.
'. a worthwhile project." according to llcr'rick. “A on
'c npnrttncttt will feel a whole lot \vurtucr by sealing
cracks and openings nr'ound windows tutti doors.“ r‘ v

  

,—

ptoud to endorse these candidates because of their strong
support for issucs oi high concern to women and the corn-
tltttttily. they have all Llctttonstralcd n corumitrrtcru to fur-
thcring women's rights in either their political. ptofc‘sioltul
or pcrsomtl backgrounds, 'l'hcsc candidates are highly
motiv: cd and qualified people who can be counted upon
to advocate for women's issues. In 1%}, incqtutlity and
discrimination tturst still be addressed lll otrr legislative
arenas. and the Capital District Women‘s I‘olitical (‘ntrcus
l'ccls tltttt these candidates are best for thc job,"

('ttndidatcs t'cccrvcd qtrcstionaircs from the 1)('\\‘l’('
consisting of about twenty questions itt tcn different areas.
including the liquid Rights Amendment. reproductive
I‘rccdom. child care. rape and domestic \iolcncc. education
and employment discrimituttion. humrrn rights. member-
ship irt men‘s private clubs. and health care.

t'nntlidntcs \vct'c also questioned on their campaign
stttttcgics illltl issues. other cndorsctuctrts they have tccciv-
ed. the number ol women \oluttlccrs irt their camp; 1'”.
what they hm c tlottc l11 Iltc past to support woutctt's issucs.
turd \vhttt Ihcy would do to initiate legislation addressing
women's ptohlcrus. according to Margo licrclt. spokespcr-
sort for t‘l)\\’1’(‘.

Marry qrrcstiounircs wch followed up by interview. A
spccial committee was appoinch to re\icw the findings and
present their opinions to the Caucus. which titcrr voted on
cutlorsctncuts. licrclt said.

Iicrch commented on tile selection process. saying
"sometimes the opponents (of L'tttlot'scd candidates) just
time rtot good. In sorttc districts we rntrdc no endorsements
at it”. that's why there are so few irt Alhntty. They just were
not tip to ottr standards.“

The (aliens selected three tnctt rtrnnittg for seats itt
Alharty County: Williartt (iraham. Robert Prentiss. and
David Sawyer. This is not unusual. according to lict'clt.
“The Caucus has endorsed qualified utctt. Some are better
than wotttctt candidates. tltcy are more determined. There is
nothing wrong in endorsing men. it didn't even come ittto
our thinking. In this case no women were rutmittg against
tltc rncu we endorsed." she said.

llcrclt cited Robert l'rcnti s. whom site said. “has sup-
por'tctl funding for the Albany Rape Crisis Center. and also
Affirmative Action.“

'l‘wclvc of the fifteen candidates were pt'csvnt at the
('l)Wl’(‘ sponsored cvcnt. liach cundidnlc spoke briefly on
women‘s issues. the importance of women hcittg elected.
and they answered questions from the audience and the

' .19»

 

 

