   
  
  

i

“Mn. .

 ... __v.

.v

is? $1



u

- .. u-‘mnﬁt‘lr

k’“

WORLDWIDE
B R I E F 3

OPEC attempts to
avert price war

London, England
(AP) Eight OPEC oil ministers made pro-
gress Thursday in talks to avert a worldwide
price war, but not enough to call an emergen-
cy meeting of the cartel. they said.

"We hope there will be agreement."
Venezuelan Energy Minister Humberto
Alderon Berti said after the 5'/2-hour
meeting. “There is still more work to do, and
we will meet again Friday." .

Calderon Berti has emerged as a
peaccmaker in trying to prevent pricing anar-
chy among the i3 nations in the once-
powerful Organization of Petroleum Expor-
ting Countries. and non-members such as
Britain, Norway and Mexico, ﬁghting for
sales in a sagging world market.

Libyan Oil Minister Kamal Hassan
Maghur was a surprise addition to the parley
because of his country’s opposition to Saudi
policies. He joined Saudi Oil Minister Sheik
Ahmed Zaki Yamanl, Calderon Berti and
ministers from the United Arab Emirates.
Nigeria. indonesia. Algeria and Kuwait.

Pope begins Latin
tour in Costa Rica

San Jose, Costa Rica
(AP) Pope John Paul if made a whirlwind
start on his Central American tour Thursday.
praying for peace before i million people,
telling nuns to stay out of politics and calling
on young people to forge an end to the
region's bloody political warfare.

He also visited a hospital for retarded and
seriously injured children and gave a boost to
the international Court of Human Rights.

Looking unaffected by jet lag, the white-
clad pope on the first ftrll day of his eight-
tlay. eight-country visit praised democratic,
revolution-free Costa Rica as a shining exam-
ple of harmony itr this turbulent part of the
world.

“i know the clintate of work and peace
which distinguishes you. beloved children of
Costa Rica," the pope said in Spanish as lteI
celebrated Mass in La Sabana Park for a
million people. many of whom spent the
night there waiting for him.

He exhorted the Costa Ricans to remember
those less fortunate. to “work for peace and
fight for the elimination of injustice. You
must overcome hate and violence. promote
the dignity of man and feel responsible for
the poor and the oppressed, refugees arid
displaced people."

Author and wife
discovered dead

London, England
(AP) Arthur Koestlcr. author of "Dark/tars
ul Norm. " the widely acclaimed novel of tire
Stalin era, was found dead Thursday along
with ltis wife in their London home. his
agents said. Koestlcr was 77.

Press Association. the British domestic
news agency, said a cleaning woman found
the bodies and a note. the contents of which
were not disclosed.

A Scotland Yard spokeswoman said only
that police were investigating the deaths. She
would not divulge the circumstances.

A spokeswoman for literary agents A.D.
Peters said the bodies of Koestler. and his

PREVIEW OF

FREE LIS

 
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
  

preaching. The deadline for the Pell tend.
Grant la March 15. and for TAP it's

Yoga

at 467-4623.

 

TAP and the Pail Grant’s tiling ovary Wednesday at 7:30 pm. In
deadlines for 1982-83 are ap- 00375. Everyone is welcome to at-

March 31. Applications are The Outing Club will meet on
available In the Office of Financial Wednesday March 9, at 7:30 pm. in
Aid, A0152. LC 22.

The NYPIRG annual Spring Con. workshop, will be offered Saturday
forenco la being held the weekend March 5, from 10 arm. to 5 pm, at for ex«otlenders.
of March 4-6. workshops will be the Krlpalu Yoga Center. To register
hold all day Saturday, and sunday‘ contact the Yoga Center at 1698
until 2 pm. Consumer advocate Central
Ralph Nader will speak Saturday at 8607900. The fee to $30 per couple.
5 pm. in LG 7. Workshops are free. The Empire State Youth Orchestra
For more information call NYPiFtGI will perform In the SUNYA Perform-

Ing Arta Center on Sunday March
Central Council Meetings are held 13, ata p.m. Prices areS5for adults

2 ALBANY STUDENT FREss' r:r MARCH 4, I983

wife. Cynthia. were found in a bedroom of
their west London home at 8 Montpelier
‘ Square.

Koestler. born in Hungary. published
"Darkness at Noon" in I940. At the time. it
was heralded as the most important political
novel of the generation

China sees merit
in profit motive

~ Peking. China
(AP) The Chinese government plans to start
letting businesses keep some of their profits
this year to spur them to higher production
and efficiency. the official Xinhua news
agency reported Wednesday.

The government will start taxing a portion
of company incomes rather than requiring
them to hand all their earnings over to the
state, the report said.

However, the Communist Party
newspaper People's Daily said the system will
be started gradually since the current
"unreasonable" price systems makes some
businesses much mroe profitable than others. ‘

Companies with large after-tax proﬁts will
be required to share some of them with the
state. it said. while low earners may have
their taxes lowered.

NATIONAL
B R 1 E F S

Jobs bill should
see House approval

Washington, D. C.
(AP) The House marched toward virtually
certain approval Thursday of at least 54.6
billion in recession relief. enough to provide
temporary employment for nearly one
million people as well as food and shelter for
the needicst.

The plan was attached to $5 billiort in
funds ttcedcd to assure continued payment of
unemployment benefits. Together, tltcsc pro-
visions constitute the first major anti-
reccssion initiative of the 98th Congress that
took office two months ago.

The Senate is expected to approve its own,
slightly less expensive legislation rtext week.

House anti-draft
bill introduced

(SPS)A bill has been introduced into tite-
Housc of Representatives that would,
eliminate peacetime draft registration.,
Senator Mark Hatfield (it-Oregon) is con-
sidering proposing similar legislation itr the
Senate.

The House bill's major co-sponsors arc
Martin Sabo (D-Minn.) and Bill Green
(it-Manhattan). both trtcmbcrs of the House
Subcommittee for Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) and independent Agcn-
cics. This subcommittee is part of the House
Appropriations Committee. and one of the
independent agencies it funds is Selective Scr-
vicc. Tltc bill would ctrt $4 tttilliott of Selec-
tive Service's $24 million [98] budget. and
would ptrt tltc agency on the "post-
rttobilirtttiort” system.

Should a national state of emergency be
declared, said Kevin Bonderud. spokesman
for Sabo, all those eligible for the draft
would be told to register irt their post offices
the same day. Tltis, liondcrud said. is the
same system used before World War i and
World War it.

and $8 for students. Tickets can be The De
 purchased through Community Box

Offices or at the door.

TINGS

 

The Sharks, Ariel. and Fan Club,
three local rock bands, will perform
- a musical benefit on behalf of
Horizon House at BJ Clancy's, 238
Washington Ava., Albany on March
13 at 5 pm. Tickets are available at held in E8140.

House wants access
to EPA documents

. Washington, D. C.
(AP) Congressmen investigating the En-
vironmental Protection Agency say President
Reagan's offer to give them restricted vlew-
ing of agency documents is “totally unaccep-
table" because of growing evidence of
wrongdoing.

Chairmen of four House subcommittees
involved in the dispute rejected Reagan's of-
fer Wednesday and said they will continue to
press the White House for full and
unrestricted access to the documents.

NEW YORK
BRIEFS

Cuomo makes plans
to fire, then hire

Albany, IV. Y.

(AP) The state will probably hire more than

l2.000 new workers during the next fiscal

year, but Gov. Mario Cuomo says he'll still

go ahead with a plan to lay off about 8.400
current state employees.

That's despite th fact that Cuomo said it's

 

 

 

"conceivable" that all 8,400 workers might
be rchired to fill those more than l2.000
slots. However. he said at a news conference
Wednesday that it was “not likely" that all
8,400 would end up back on the state payroll.
“Obviously. some of them are going to be
rehlred." said the governor of those
threatened with layoffs.

Labor Dept. reopens
unemployment cases

Albany, N. Y.
(AP) The state Labor Department has quietly
signed an agreement which could mean
reopening more than 40,000 cases of rejected
unemployment insurance claims, The
.‘ ‘ ‘ Press learned Thursday.

, The agreement was submitted Tuesday to
U.S. District Judge Robert Carter in New
York City and could settle a 4-year-old suit
brought by the Municipal Labor Committee
against the department and its Unemploy-
ment insurance Appeal Board.

"We weren't trying to hide anthing," said
state Labor Department spokesman R. Vic-
tor Stewart on Thursday about the lack of
publicity over the possible settlement, "but
we were hoping no one would show up."

 

 

By Nanc Crowfoot
STAF WRITER

 

“Revelation has stopped, revolution has
not" in the [atomic world. claimed Moham-
med Yadigary. adjunct professor of isiamic
and Middle East Studies, during a speech
Tuesday night. entitled. “The ideological
Revolution in the Mosiem World." Israel.

'he continued. is the “agent of

imperialism," and it is the “duty of all
aware Moslems” to liberate land taken
away by European Jews.

Addressing a small attdlence of students
and faculty. many of Arab origin. the
Union,Collegc professor referred 'to the

ideological revolution as "A revolution of

ideas. restructuring and rcinterpreting the
body of religious sources already in ex-
istence." He added that while “the word of
God is unchangeabie. man’s interpretation
is not." He declared that while, the
“Revelation etrded with Mohammed.
revolution continues and ought to
continue."

Yadigary spoke of l‘the three tyrannical
forces" facing mutt today—Wall Street. the

 

 

JIM VALENTINO UPS

Students Jammed the third floor of the Campus Center Tuesday night,
rushing for the prime seats that were to go on sale for the Joe Jackson concert
on March 21 at the Palace Theater. The line started forming on the third floor
of the Campus Center at approximately 8 pm. wth students camping out all
night or traveling back and forth to the dorms trying to keep their place In line.
Tickets went on sale 9 am. Wednesday morning.

 

r

Side One Records, 299 Central Ave..

for Couples, a day-long Albany. or al the door. Horizon
House to a transitional residence

The Department oi Chemistry Ia
presenting a seminar entitled
Ave., Albany, or call “Geminal Bla-haloorgano Stan-
nanes and Their inter and lntra
Molecular Complexes", with Kamai call 457.5505,
Swami as the speaker. The seminar
will be held on Tuesday March 8, at
4:30 p.m.. In CHM151.

partmont of Mathematics Ballroom on Wednesday March 2.
and Statistics will present three lec- from 10 am. to 4 p.m. The visit to
tures on foundations of probability sponsored by JSC-Hlllei. All proton
and statistics. by Dr. Glenn Schaler. tlai blood donors are urged to pre-
The topics are: “Constructive Pro- register with JSC-Hiltel prior to the
babitlty" on March 7 at 3:45 p.m., vlslt.

“Constructive Decision Theory" on

March 8 at 4:15 p.m.. and “Condl- Oil-Campus Asaoclatlonis going to
tlonlng and Combination"on March Cahoota In the Albany Hilton, on
9 at 3:45 pm. All lectures are to be Sunday March 6, at 8 pm. Admis-

SUNVA Footworka is an annual available at the OCA office, C0116.
review of student choreography to International Concert sponsored by
be presented In the Performing Arts the International student Associa-
Center. Friday and Saturday March tlon will be held in Page Hall on
11 and 12, at 8 pm. Admission to $3 Saturday March 5, at 7:80 p.m~
with a tax card. $8.50ior students. Tickets will be sold at 00344 and
and $5 for adults. For reservations the Campus Center Lobby on March

The American Red Cross Blood. Telethon Meeting will be held on
mobile will be In the Campus Cantor Sunday March 6, at 8 pm. In PH129. I

slon to $3 with a tax card and $3.50
without a tax card. Tickets are

4. Admission to $3.50 with a tax card
and 84 without a taxcard.

 

 

 N  tmama-«s.mic/swagggmm.- 

 

 

MARCH 4. I983 El ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 3

Professor calls on Moslems to liberate Israel

 

“Israel is the agent of imperialismtn
Palestine. It has desecrated the holy places

of Islam. It is the

duty of all aware

Mos/ems to liberate that land. ”
— Professor Mohammed Yadigary

 

, . . .
political burden of the Communist Party.
and organized clergy—all of which were de-
nounced in the Koran. and all which j'hayc
nutnqrtryprr the are or“ than malty.» Z" -'

Yudigary also denounced certain aspects
of the Western.‘ world, referring to,-
democracy as "the tyranny of the
majority“ and to capitalism as a system
which "does not control anything."

1 After the speech. Yadigary was question-
ed on the critics of the Ayatollah Khomeini.
whom he referred to as being "very socially
conscious." ercn asked itow he accounts
for the many massacres tinder the present

iranian rule. the speaker commented that
this was not,"a talk on iran. but on islamlc
revolution." He also implied that
newspaper coverage of the Ayatollah has
been greatly biased. “You know who con-
trols the papers." he said.

An even more controversial issue was
raised moments later when Yadigary was
asked what implications the recent lsracll
conﬂicts would have on the islamic world.
Yadigary's response was adamant.

“israel is the agent of imperialism in
Palestine. it has desecrtttcd the holy places
of islam. it is the duty of all aware

'Moslems to liberate that land," Yadigary
'stressed.

Yadigary briefly outlined the beliefs of
several lslamlc leaders of the past through
Khomeini, emphasizing their similar
ideologies. "Their language style was dif-
ferent. but their doctrine was the same," he
saidI adding that "when the Moslems
realize this. they may be united in goals and
purpose." This ideoloBY. according to
Yadigary. is one of social responsibility.
"The Koran preaches the inscparability of
the individual and society. The reform of
the individual cannot be achieved without
the reform of society," he maintained.

Yadigary. born in iraq to lranlan
parents. received his Bachelors in
mathematics from Albany State and his
Ph.D. in Middle Eastern studies from New
York University. He is noted both as a
distinguished speaker and outstanding
writer on the lsiamic ideological revolution.

His book. The Ideological Revolution In
lire Moslem World, is due to be released
next month.

The speech was sponsored by the Ara
Student Association. "

Arab and Israeli sympathizerscriticize media

Arab-American
group charges
press unfair to
Palestinians

 

B Steve Fox
. TAI-F if‘RITER

 

Arab-Americans are uniting to fight
discrimination in the news media. according
to the National Field Representative of the
Arab-American Anti-Discrimination Corn-
mittce (ADC). Johtr Zogby, who spoke here
at a lecture Monday night.

in his 45-minute talk in LC}. Zogby said
that the media coverage of lsrael's invasion
of Lebanon had been better than the media
coverage of other wars. Zogby's main con-
tentions. he said, were the headlines arid
editorial decisions of the newspapers. “The
editorial policies of" the newspapers tend to
dehumanize the Palestinians and accept the
lsrtreli position." he said. “What you are
dealing'with, fundamentally, is racism. it
exists over titere. and has entered irtto the
psyche of the American people over here,"
he said.

Zogby went on to criticize the entertain-
ment media and cartoonists, saying Arabs
are given a dual false image. “They are
represented as eitltcr a greedy. immoral

sheik orrt to screw the United States. or as .

,bloodlltirsty terrorists out to kill children."
he said.

Zogby explained that these
misunderstandings develop because
Americans lack knowledge of Middle
Eastern culture. “Arabs have been the
scapegoat, falsely blatned for all of the
Uttitcd States‘ economic problems because
of the Arab oil embargo several ycttrs ago.
There is a parallel between the Atnericnn's
image of the Arabs. and the Nazi's image of
the Jews." Zogby said.

Zogby went on to say that last summer's
press coverage ol' the invasion allowed
Americans, at least. to see “Tire
outrageousncss of ruodertr war." Until the
invasion. he noted, Arrtcriean-Arabs were
to a large extent silent about their heritage.
“trying to act as American as apple pie."
lie added. “Arab-Americans got clobbcrctl
over the head last summer when they saw
what was happening artd felt that they had
to organize and protest."

Zogby said that American-Arabs anti
groups like the ADC are now on the agenda
of Congress turd. because ofwltat happened
last summer. “lsrucl will never again get a
blank check frotn tlte United States."

The ADC. based irt Washington. D.C..
was formed 2 l/2 years ago to "create a
American-Arab institution that would com-
bat defamation uttd promote - Arabic

 

 

 

 

RACHEL LITWIN UPS

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Lower left: John Zogby; upper right: Joseph Weisman
Reporters large/ed for s/urrlerl (lt‘L'UilIlIS of Lelia/ton illt'il.i‘lflll

culture," explained Zogby. He added that
the organization has grown rapidly. so that
today there are l5,000 tnernbcrs in 46
chapters across the country. Because of
the war American-Arabs have been “com-
ittg out of the woodwork" to hpr strpport
the ADC, Zogby said. He added tltut
becatrsc of this increased support
American-Arabs are gaining equal access to
the news media. Lobbying efforts ltttvc in-
creased. resulting in “more doors opcnitrg
for the ADC and American-Arabs," ire
said. The combined efforts of American-
Arabs across tltc country is “showing rt
decided shift in the public opinion polls
regarding the witolc issue of Arabs." said
Zogby.

Tltc ADC has American citizens interven-
ing itr Lebanon where cases of interrraliortal
human rights have been violated. nccordirtg
to Zogby. He added that part of the ADC,
“Save Lebanon lnc.." is irt the process of

bringing 50 wounded children from
Lebanon to the Urtitcd States for free
specialized medical treatment.

A ﬁlm entitled Report from “viral: Stutt-
rner of '82 was shown after Zogby's lecture.
it was prodrrccd by the ADC and narrated
by ADC founder and chair Sen. .lamcs
Abouzrek (D-Sourh Dakota).

Tltc half-hour film depicted the severe
problcttts of medical treatment itt Lebanon
.during the war. Zogby said "the tltctttc
theme is not to show blood and gore. btrt to
make audiences aware of tire pathetic plight
of iltt.‘ Lebanese and Palestinians." lie add-
cd that the lilrtt brings about two conclu-
sions; that “medical care itr Lebanon is itr
dire emergency conditions, and that
American-Arabs have to do something
,- ' " .. ' . . . H
srcrulrtant for our pulpit. 13>

Israeli pilot

says coverage
distorted facts
of Beirut seige

Iiy Mike Hugerty

The media Itas distorted the facts regar-
ding the lsracll occupation of Lebanon.
charged an lsracli Air Force pilot drtring a
lecture Tuesday night.

Tire pilot. Captain Joseph Weisman.
gave the ttrlk as part ofurr ongoing series of
lectures sponsored by tile Revisionist
Zionist Allerrtntive.

Wclsrnnrt. a jet pilot during Inc early
stages of tile siege of licirul, recalled his
participation in aerial raids. "Our bombing
ruisions were limited." be explained. “Only
certain pressure points were hit."

 

Weistnun said lte walked around tltc city
with his fellow officers dtrring the Beirut
bombings. "Maybe tlterc was jtrsl a little
smoke itt South iicirut. but life was
normal." he said.

Weismun received applause when he said
the invasion was ttot directed against the
Lebanese people. The israeli objective. ire
said. was to "crush the Palestine Liberation
Organization (PLO)." Tire PLO advocated
a philosophy that is internationally unac—
ceptable. according to Weisman. and “uses
force and terrorism to accomplish whatever
they want to accomplish." he said. "The
PLO seeks to destroy lsrael. and therefore
the lsraclis rtttrst dcfctrd themselves." He
added that PLO tnilitary strength threaten-
ed tltc Lebanese border region of israel.

Tire incident between three Israeli tanks
and a Urtited States Marine who refused to
allow them to pass a check point was
"silly." Weisman said. both in the sense of
the marine‘s foolishness and also the
pttblicity it received.

“Israel is tltc only democratic and stable
government in the Middle East." Weisman
said. “and the United States and israel will
always be allies." Weisrnan said lrc believes
that the United States has “played down"
relations between the two nations in order
to achieve Arab acceptance of President
Reagan's Middle East peace plan.

Orr another matter, the isracli pilot said
that lie believes former Defense Minister
Ariel Sharon was “carrying our general
policy." He said. “There will probably be
no change irt policy. Tire lsraclis will remain
in Lebanon urtlil all foreign forces are
evacuated." Sharon resigned recently after
a special investigatory commisiott im-
plicated lritn in the September massacre at
the Sabra and Shutilla refugee camps by
Christain Phalnngist militiamen. T

 

