 
  

 

     
      
      
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
     
    
       
     
    
 
  
    
   
 
  
  
    
    
   
    
  
  
   
  
    
    
 
   
   

  

...... ...-..__.,._.~-.___-~-....m

18. Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS [3 APRIL 15. I983

 

v. ~-...,,- 'Tff’o . .

Women ’s softball team takes two from Oneonta

 

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICN UPS
Freshman pitcher Wendy Williams had a no~hitter tor live Innings In

the first game of Albany‘s doubleheader sweep of Oneonta.

Army downs netters

a Joan Phillips

The Albany women's tennis team
traveled to West Point on Wednes-
day to take on Arnty.

Despite the 2-7 loss the Albttrty
team rcttrrned encouraged. as the
team's performance continues to
improve.

in the first singles spot Army's
Lelia True defeated Albany
freshman Debbie Leffe 6-3. 7-6. In
the number two spot Albarty Cap-
tain Joan Phillips Iteld on to win
3-6. 7-6. 6-4 over Army's Jamie
Ruffing. At number three singles
Great Dane junior Lauren lsaacs
lost to Army's Sue Meckfcssel 6-4.
6-4. Number four for Albany was

senior Amy l-‘eirtbcrg. who was
defeated by Army's Melody Smith
6-]. 6-1. At tltc nutnber five spot
Albany senior Sandra Borrelle lost
it louglt three-setter to Army's Lisa
Layton 6-4. 6-6, 6-2. Army' Diane
Lccsc defeated Great Dane junior
Diana Marshak 6-4. 3-6. 6-2 at the
ntrmber six spot.

The doubles action was lirttited to
pro-sets due to darkness. Albany's
number one doubles of Borrelle-
chfe lost to the Arrrty tettrn 8-4. At
number two the Great Dane team of
Tishler-Feinberg lost to Army 0-3.
At the number three spot the
Albany team of Isaac‘s-Rodgers
came back to defeat their army op-
ponents 7-6 after trailing I-5. l l

 

 

. GREAT DANE BASEBALL

On Saturday the Danes meet the Cortland Red
Dragons in a doubleheader on University Field beginn-
ing at l p.m.

 

 

 

 

 

Mark Lev

lne
/I.S'5t)(‘l.rl lE SI'UR IS l.'IiI7(IIt‘

 

After last Saturday's game. when
her Albany state women's softball
tcttm came frorn five runs down to
dcfcat‘LcMoyne in the second game
of a doubleheader. head coach Lee
Rhenish said. "I tltink we're headed
in tire rigltt direction.” After sweep-
ing both games of a doubleheader
at Oncortta on Tuesday afternoon.
Rhcnish's words would seem to be
quite acctrrate.

Combining strong pitclting. time-
ly hitting. and solid execution tlte
(Danes won the opener. 3-] and
breczed by the Red Dragons in the
nighteap. 6-1. Albany’s record now
stands at 3-2, and they stretched
their winning streak to three games.

The story of the first game
centered around pitcher Wendy
Williams. The freshman htrrlcr had
it rto-hitter going for five innings
before surrendering rt Icadoff dou-
ble in the sixth. She got herself irtto
a little.troublc late in the game bttt
she said fatigtte was not a problem.

"That was it loss of concentra-
tion. not being tired," Willittttts
said. "That (fatigue) has never been
a problem."

Williams wotrrrd rrp pitching all
seven innings. giving up one rtrtt on
only two hits. She also had four
strike-outs to go along with three
walks.

'l'hc [)atrcs got all the runs they
rtcetlcd irt the top of the first inning.
l.etrdoff hitter Nancy llallorntt
started things off by drawing tr
walk. and Chris ('ttrtnnta followctl
witlt a single. Tracy Kirk then singl-
ed to ptrt Albany on the board. and
Carol Wallace then delivered
another htrsc hit to give the Danes tr
2~0 lead.

Albany gave Williams sortie rrrore
backing by staking her to a to lead
in the third. Kirk. who was two-for-
fotrr with art Rlll on the day, led off
with it single. Wallace reached first
on a ficldbr's choice. artd Stasia
Beats singled. pttttittg runners at
first at second. After another
ficlder's choice. Diarte Fernartdes
then r ‘ttched safely on art error and
Wallace came home with Albany's
third run. The Danes’ bats were
quiet the rest of the game. but on
this day Williams did not need a
great deal of support.

in the second game Albany gave
their other freshman pitcher, Arr-
drea Piceone. plenty of help in a 6-1
rortt. Piccone went five innings
before getting relief help from
Williams in the sixth. Site gave up
only one run on five Irits. btrt strug-
gled with her control a bit as

evidenced by her surrendering of six
walks. Many were early in the game
and she settled down as the game
progressed. just as she did in her
dcbtrt performance last Saturday.

“Andrea settled down a lot after
the first inning"Rhcnish said. "The
defense helped her otrt of some
tough situations. If we cart get five
good innings out of Andrea like
that in orrr doubleheaders, that
would be it big plus for trs. It would
make things much easier on Wendy.
and Andrea would mean a whole lot
to this team."

Albany again got on the board
first. scoring twice itr their ltalf of
the third. Nancy Doyle reached
safely on an error. and Halloran
was hit by a pitch. After a sacrifice
by Cannata moved the runners up.
Kirk and Wallace followed with
RBI singles.

The Danes broke the game open
by scoring three more runs itt the
top of the fifth. Halloran led off
with a walk artd proceeded to steal
second. After a poporrt by Cilttttttlit.
Kirk drew a base on balls. ptttting

 

runners on first and second.
Wallace. who had an outstanding
second game by going two for four
with three rttns batted in. drilled a
two-run triple. and she scored on a
ficldcr's choice.

Albany added another rtrn in the
sixth on a single. a walk. an error.
and Kirk‘s RBI groundnut.

Rhenish was quite happy with her
team's impressive showing.

III was very pleased with the way
we played. Everybody seems to be
playing with rnuclt more cott-
fidcttce. and i think we've got
everything ttrrncd around now. We
were able to execute a couple of hit-
and-run plays very well, artd l'm
hoping to rtrn some more itr the next
couple of games." she commented.

Hitting. pitching. defense. artd
execution. Combine these ingre-
dicttts with a boost in confidence.
and Albany's good fortunes of late
may be only the beginning of what
could ttrrrt out to be another banner
season for the defending state
cltarnpions. l I

 

Saturday.

school." Mrs. Van Tassel said.

 

Fan of the Week

The Great Dane Fans of the Week are Clara. Katrina and
Sandra Van Tassel and Missy Broomlleld. The mother. two
sisters and girlfriend of hurdlar Bruce Van Tassel were on hand
to watch the Danes ctobber Brockport In a dual meet last

The tour made the trip Irom Ancram. N.Y. which Is situated
50 miles south of Albany. near Hudson. They travelled to
Albany's Indoor meets this winter to see Bruce compete.

“We are very proud of him and have followed him since high

ED MARUSSICH UPS

 

 

 

uulvensrl'v cluenAs

present
Friday & Saturday - April I5, l6

‘A MASTERPIECE

tingtl tit is irresistible

titlilil'dl‘nllv .. t t rlt .

 

LG,

1:30 & IO:OO

LGIB

The deadline lor submitting applications lor
Manager/Projectionist positions is Saturday April l6
Applications are available from the Manager at
the movies this weekend.

 

Sl.50 w/ tax card
$1.00 v/out

SA Funded

NL umpires
may strike

New York. N. Y.

(Al’)National League umpires
could stage a one-day walkout next
week to press their union‘s dernattd
that Commissioner Bowie Kuhn
suspend Yankees owner George
Steirrbrcnner. according to a
published report.

The action would take the form
of it visit by several utrrpires Kuhn’s
New York office on a day when
they were scheduled to officiatc at
ball games. the New York Times
reported in Friday's editions.

The source. described as being
familiar with discussions between
tlte Major League Umpires Associa-
tion and the commissioner's office
said the boycott would take place
unless Kuhn acted by the weekend.

Chth liceney. National League
president, said Phillips lrad told him
that sotnc umpires wanted to meet
with Kuhn. but said he was unaware
of arty strike threat.

“They better not do thrrI."
Feerrey said. I I

   

 

 
 

APRIL I5. 1983 it ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  

 

Women’s track team excels, men lose on road

 

Women take third

By Truccy Carmichael
5 ll lIRIll’R

 

      

Albany Slitle s women s at
third place otrt of It) learns. scoring 5| points
at tltc Binglrattrtorr Invitational Wednesday
afternoon.

First place went to Ithaca (‘ollcge with 166
and host team liittghtrrrrton took second place
overall with 71.

The 400-mctcr relay team. consisting of
Apita Heath, Jen Jones. Tess (‘ttlmtt arttl
Lynellc Skerritt. took first place witlt a vic-
torious time of 53.00

Skerritt. rtrrrrting anchor leg irr tltc
400-mcter relay. proved to be a gtctrl asset for
the tcattt by taking second place irr tltc
IOO-mctcr dash atrd loo-meter dash witlt
tirrtes of l3.() and 27.8. respectively. Skctritt
also picked up fotrrllr plrrcc irt Ilrc lotto-meter
rcltty.

Coach Ron White said this wars the team‘s
best showing of tire sctrson. the young
tcttm's depth "ctrrrtc through. covering all
track cvctrts quite well."

In an outstanding pet for rnrurcc. Kathy Mc- 6M
Ctrrthy broke the school record in the
5t)()0-mctcr rtrrt with it tirtrc of “6:354. pittcv
ittg Irer second in lhc ctcttt t)\t.'ltiil.

Sarah Cowley. tttkittg fifth place in thc
BtXI-rttctct' rttrr with it tittrc of 2:34.}. was con»
sidcrcd one of two most itnprotcd tttttttcts by
Coach Wltitc. L‘ttlrtra was tltc other hrrrticr
with tr big ittrptoycrrrcrrt itr tlrc Jill-rrrctcr irr-
tcr'tttcditrtc hurdles. -

Karen Kurthy rrlvo Irrrd it personal best it]
the 3000-mctcr run with a tirrrc of llztlii.

to field cycnt. Mary Rtrrrdlcs. tl ircshrttutr.
took .si t place itr the shot put with a
distance of 9.95 meters.

Also in a field rc\crtt. Andrea l)cl.rrtrricr
took third itt discus.

Coach White is llttl‘lcsctl with the tcttttt's
progression at such an early stage in tire
season.

Randlcs sttid “The whole team did rctrl
well. It r'nlly helps w hcn wc cheer cuch other

 

 

 

 

 

_-Q:w

 

Men blown out

B ' Tom Kacandes
IIIIl/lRIAI Alb/STAN]

 

 

Coming off a strong win over Broekport
Saturday. the Albany State mcn's track and
ﬁeld team lost to host Cortland State by a
core of IDS-22 last Tuesday. Tire uninspired
toss was “the worst in our history" according
to head coach Bob Munscy.

“No one expected us to beat Cortland. but
we really had a terrible day.“ said captain
Nick Sullivan. "plus the fact that we were
missing about a third of the guys because
they trad it:le and class."

The pcrtorrrrance. however dismal. did
have sorr.c bright spots. ln art impressive
display of consistency. freshman liruce Van
'ltrsscl vvrtlked away from the competition
winning the lltl-tnctcr high hurdles in l5.7
seconds. In ills wcak event. the ADO-meter in-
termediate hurdles, Van 'l'nsscl took second
witlt it vcrtsotr-bvxt tittre ot 57.5 seconds.
Sophomore Irnr I turn r.rtt .r very smart race
iii the blhlrtitctct rtrrr. whcrc hi. time til 100.5
took tltrrd PitILL‘ horrors, In the 5.1“) meter
rrrtt. itcsltttlclt ( lrrrcl. “runner and lilil
t lctncnls took second and tltird place tcspct“
Incl). lltllllttci'r tirrtc oi ISLH \stty liltccrr
seconds |.rstct lllttll ills previous best. while
( lcrrrcrrrv lowcrcd hrs best titnc by two

 

\k'LllllkiN.

lhc Danes t.rrcd worse lit the licltl cvcttts,
where the burnt“. representation was tltc
weakest. kit-suit; the \cnltJL‘s or wcightmarr
\l.rrc \lt'tvtttttl .trrd liill Ntrson. the Danes
lrrl not settle ttl tltrcc events w here they most
\robubly would have won. in addition. can
.ritt I’rrrrl Marne. who normally dorrtitttrtes
hc lortg rrrttl Iriplc jumps. skipped tltc tneei
It order to rccoycr hour a muscle sitttin irt his
lcll leg.

truly in the nicer, rookie Jctf Jackson suf-
lcrcd it lllttjt‘l hamstring prrll due to the ey-
trctrrcly cold conditions ut the meet. and
thereafter. members of tire sprint squad wctc
hesitant to rtrrr all out ttllti Iisk injury irt order
to bolster tr losing effort. "i can‘t really

 

 

Albany will ltost the Albany lit\ilttllttliitl
this Saturday. beginning at 9:00.

' ' ED MARUSSICH UI’S
Albany s men 3 track team had a rough day against Cortland on Tuesday. losing
by a final score at 105-22.

blame them." Munsey said. "()trr season is
too short for someone to comeback from an
injury. llict'c's no way.“

Danes remain winless following 8-5 loss to RP!

 

By Marc Sehwan
\l'liR/Nllilltili

Troy, N. Y.
The Albany State (treat Darrc baseball team remains

winlcss following yesterday afternoon's 8-5 defeat at the

hands of the R.P.l. linginecrs at Hill St. Held in Troy.

The 0-3 Danes were leading 3~| crrtctirrg the bottom of
the seventh inning when the Fitgittects scored four runs on
only two base hits to take the Icrrd they would not give up.

A key mental mistake and the sudden inability of Albany
pitchers to get tltc ball over the plate allowed the 6-1
Engineers to score seven runs irr the seventh and ciglrtlt littl-
ings with the aid of eight walks and two wild pitches.

The Danes did not help their owrt cause offensively.
Albany stranded I3 runners on base irr the game, tltree
times leaving men on third. 'i he Dilile did trot score iii the
seventh inning after having runners on first and second
with no men out.

“The big tiring is itt the key situation we were not gctlittg
the hits." Albany tread coach Dave Ilaiglrt Itrrrtcrttcd after
the game. “I tltotrghr we were a better httschttll lcillil then
we showed."

in cold and windy weather. Albany started the game irr
good fortn. Looking for their Iirsl win of the season.
Albany scored a fill] in tire top of the first. A flcr left fielder
Hugh Davis led off the game by striking out. R.|’.l. stnrtcr
Dan Stanck walked center fielder (ir'cg Mttllrnll. Mttllrull
advanced to second on a wild pitch and crossed over to
third when freshman shortstop Dave ’l'hclcrntur grounded
ottt. Mulhall scored when litigittccr third baseman Doug
l‘iodgson threw the ball away on a ,Ier'ry Roscrr grounder.
Rosen advanced to second on the play. Rosctr illltl Ilob
Conklirt were left at first and second respectively when
Mike Vosbtrrgh grounded out. litst baseman to pitcher to
end the inning.

Albany starter Mike (irrrlrrrttrr held the lirrginecrs itt
check for the first six innings. 'l'hc rigth stuck otrl lead-off
batter Jon Ruff and after giving up a litretl single to right.
got orri of the inning by tltrowirrg a 4-6-3 double-play ball.
Gartman struck out to of the four rrtcrr Ire faced in the tier
eond inning.

Albany had threatened irr their half of the second but
Came up empty when Davis and Mulhtrll both ﬂied out With

t

runners on first trrtd second and one man out. Designated
hitter .loc Atrlogia singled to left to open the irrtring and was
moved to sccottd by it Rich Wander btrnt. Tony Torres
become the other Dane stranded that inning rtftcr lre recciv
ed one of six free passes givcrt up by Stanck. In all. R.l’.l.
pitchers walked seven Albttrry batters.

'l'hc l‘trgitrcct's tied the score at one irr the bottom or the
third. Stanck stroked a single to left on :r H pitch. The
nc.\t brrttcr. second baseman Mark Iiclchcr was ltit by .t
pitch moving Stanck to second. (iartrrtart retired the rtc\r
two batters and after getting altcttd oi the count on
llodgson. the R.l’.l. iltird brtsctttatt laccd a I-Z pitch to
right to score Stanck. Gartnrun was ttblc to prevent ttrrthcr
damage by inducing Don l5ricdbcrg to fotrl out to C‘onklin.

'l'he Danes rcgairted the lead irt their ne\t turn at bat.
Davis smashed a Stanck fastball over the head of left fielder
Date DcAngelis for a two run triple which made the
Albany lead 3-]. Torres and Wander both scored on the
two out ltit.

(iartman contairtcd the [Engineers over the new three inn-
ings, facing the rrtirtirtttrrrt of nine batters. In the \l\li'l he set
the side down irt order on three weakly ltit groundbttlls to
second baseman Torres.

“I thought ttty slider was working real well." tiartntutt
said. “It was ttty first appearance since Honda.”

In the top of the seventh. Albany threatened but did not
score. Thclctttan was walked by rclievcr lirtr.c Grant to
open tltc inning. (irant replaced Stanck in the st\llt, and
retired the first two batters he faced.

ltoscn singled to center moving Thclcmrrn to second.
lloth rttnncrs advanced on a nice sacritice bunt by (‘ottkhtL
Mike Vosbtrrgh swung at (irant‘s first dcliv cry and ground-
ed to short. Atrlogia made the third out of the inning by litt-
ing otrt to center. The Danes came up empty and the
Engineers came to bat.

With iiric McMahon on first and one mart out. Bruce
Nelson singled otf Gartman. McMahon was cut uown try~
itrg to advancc to third and Nelson sntrck into second on the
throw. (iartmarr fell behind to the new hitter. Stanck, 34).
Startek had stayed in the game after being taken off the
rnorrnd as a designated hitter. After battling back to make
the count full, Gartman walked Stanek with a throw that
got by Rosen allowing Nelson to move to third.

it was at this point where the play that turned the game
around occured. With Gartman looking at Rosen for a

signal. Sittttck broke for second. (iartman turned and ran
towards second wtrrle keeping an eye on the runner at third.
(tartman's late throw to second enabled 5121an to slide in
under the tag of Torres. Instead of being otrt of the inning.
(irrrtman walked the neyt batter to load the bases.

"I didn‘t w.rrtt the runttcr on third to score. I was sup-
poscd to gwc the ball up to Tony tTOttcs) quicker. I played
it sate but wrong," Gunman c\p|ained.

"We should lt.t\c been out of the inning and they cnd up
~.ortrtg tour l’tll‘.~ hc;atrsc of .r delayed steal." liaight said.

[he l‘llgil’is‘cts !tcd iilt' game on a two run single off the
bar or Rrrtt'. “oh the \c‘t‘fL‘ tted at three and runners on
llt-l and third. ttartmsn threw a wild pitch allowing the
runner .tt thtrd to score and the runner on first to move all
the way to third. Rut'r‘ iltctt scored on a second wild pitch.
Littrttttan was taken out of the game with a 2-2 count on
i)v‘:\ilgciis.

"l jttst iUsl rtty concentration. I thrnk the cold got to
me." Gnrtmart said.

"\k'c wantcd hint to get thmugh the scvcrtth inning. He
had thrown a lot of pllcltc~. but it seemed as if he w as get-
trng stronger as the game wore on." pitching coach Kevin
K.it\\.iilt said.

Tom McCarthy came on irt relief and got of the irtntng
without any more runs being scored.

R.P.|. scored tltrcc more tunes in the eighth by virtue or
it two rtrrt standtrp triple by .Nelvon vv lttch w as blasted over
the head or Dari» irt decp lett. McCarthy \Hh taken ort' at
that point .rrtd Glenn Bradbtrrry brought itt. He was untrhlc
to control the Engineers either. He walked two batters to
load the have» and then walked Hodgson to force iii the
Ettgincerx' final rrrn. »\lbany pitchers walked eight batten
in tire final two innings.

\lhany rrtartaged to score twice in the top of the ninth.
but it was not enough. thscn led off with a double to com-
plctc a two for five day. Both he and Vosburgb scoch when
silOl’lilOp Ruff booted a Wander grounder.

“We need more hitting at the right time. It‘s only the
third game we played. but this team is hungry for a
\ictory." Haight said.

Albany will look to win their ﬁrst game for rookie head
coach Haight, tomorrow against Cortland on University
Field at l200. They play host to the Red Dragons for two
games and are looking to avenge last weekend‘s
doubleheader loss in Cortland. C.

 
 
 

  

