 

 

    

     

 

pie like myself will never rest until it is. If I had

been born in Troy or Albany l'm sure i would

I not be as politically charged as I am. i would probably

be like eighty percent of Americans. not concerned

with war and bloodshed in far away places. not caring

or wanting to know who was fighting who or why. i’d

simply be concerned with what's happening in my dai-

ly life. my family. my job etc. But I was not born in

Troy or Albany. 1 was born on the Falls Road in the
heart of nationalist working class West Belfast.

Austin Devine

_________________._.__._._—————

l was ten years old when what is known in Northern
Ireland as “the troubles" began on a full scale in
August of 1969. l was soon to get a crash course in
Irish history. Personally. war is something that 1 never
try to glorify for there is no glory in it. It is a filthy,
mean, and ugly thing but it sometimes cannot be
avoided. Ireland is one such case where it cannot be
avoided. Life is so short. its sad that the violence of
war is ripping apart so many countries. but where
there is oppression and injustice there is resistance.
Sadly. this is a fact of life. This war in lreland will be
the final war fought in Ireland for full lndependance. it
will not end until Britain leaves Ireland forever-
militarily. politically. and economically. That might
take another 5. 10. or 40 years. i really don't know but ‘.
i do know that it must happen. While the forces of
liberation in Ireland. the Provisional irish Republican
Army, and their fighting comrades. the Irish National
Liberation Army cannot militarily defeat the armed
thugs of the British army. neither can they even
possibly be defeated for they are the armed vanguard
of a risen people. This struggle did not start in 1969. it
is merely a continuation of the centuries old fight of the
Irish people to end British domination and exploitation
of their country. In every generation the Irish people
have asserted their right to national freedom and
sovereignty; nine times during tin: last 360 years they
have asserted it in arms.

When the British Army arrived in Force in August
1969 they were greeted in nationalist areas by some as
‘protectors' from the loyalist mobs who had been at-
tacking nationalist areas. But this honeymoon period
was not to last long. It was soon realized that the

I reland will be free. it will be free because peo-

Austtn Devine'ls the President 0/ the Irish
P.O. W. Committee in the Capital District

 

 

 

 

 

 

Masked IRA men carry their comrade Bobby Sands in his
coffin to his funeral in Belfast: 
i" ‘ ,,

British army were not there to protect nationalists but
to uphold the artificial gerrymandered state
engineered by them fifty years earlier. Onward from
August 1971. my home in West Belfast was to be raid- .
ed regularly. in 1972. my two older brothers. Sean
and Ciaran were arrested ahd interned in Long Kesh
concentration camp. Both were held for almost three
years. This was my awakening. for I stared to question
how these soldiers, coming from another country.
could ransack my home and put my older brothers in
prison without any charge and any trial. Today intern-
ment has been replaced by more sinister repression:
non iury trials and denial of habeas corpus being prime
examples. Coerced confessions are admissable
evidence. the burden of proof placed on the accused.
One is guilty until proven innocent in the special
British courts in Northern Ireland. Now as in the past.
it is evident that the British government cannot rule
any part of Ireland without the administrative
systematic violations of human rights.

From the ages of 12 to 18 I was arrested approx-
imately 100 times. Not once was it for committing a
crime against my people. Merely. it was because I
came from a “terrorist family" with two brothers intern-
ed. It was thus concluded I must also be disloyal.
Disloyal is in all actuality an understatement. I wanted
England to leave my country. so I marched the streets
to demand not only an end to internment and
repressive laws. but to demand the God given right of
the Irish people: the ability to rule their own nation in
their own interests.

On Christmas day. 1975 I had two ribs smashed by
an Ohio-made rubber bullet used for riot control. in
1976 I was in a bar on the lower Falls Road in West
Belfast that was in the direct view of three British army
observation posts and an army barracks. it was Grand
National day. the Grand National being the longest
horserace of the year. Naturally the bar was packed.
After l had been there for about forty minutes a bomb
was tossed inside by two men. one of whom held the
doorman at gunpoint. it's hard to imagine the panic
that erupted in the bar" people diving over the bar
through windows and as far away as possible. I
managed to make it into the ladies bathroom and
away from the full force of the blast. i'll never forget
the way the tiles all Just blew off the wall. covering us
with debris. What followed was the cloud of dust and
the awful screaming. I only had a few bruises. but of
course others were less fortunate. the final toil being 2
dead. 78 injured. 9 seriously. The bombers were

 

either loyalist paramilitarys or the British Army.They
drove their car right past the army barracks having to
come to almost a complete halt three times as they
went over security ramps outside the barracks. We
questioned the fact that they were not stopped. The
reply: 'Well the observation posts were empty‘.We
questioned further: How did the bombers know that
we asked? The reply: ‘No comment'. Back on January
29. 1973. I was 13. I was standing at the foot of the
street that i lived on in Belfast with two friends. Peter
Waterson. Jim Toner and myself were talking about
going home when a car pulled up on the road op»
posite us and a man stepped out with a pistol. He fired
six shots at us killing my 14 year old friend Peter and
seriously wounding my 15 year old friend Jim. The
blame for this was again was a toss up between loyalist
killer gangs and the British army. The army had
saturated the area only an hour beforehand but when
the killers arrived no soldiers were around. In August
1975 i had my four front teeth smashed down my
throat and received twenty stitches behind my ear
when I objected to British soldiers man handling my
girlfriend by putting their hands where they shouldn't.
An act of bravado on my behalf that cost me dearly.
But what to hell. I thought. if you let people walk on
you all your life. life would not be worth living. Living
in a nationalist ghetto gives you three choices; (1)Sticl<
your head in the sand and let on all the oppression
and injustice doesn‘t bother you. (2)Flght back and
drive the oppressor and the occupier out of your couri-
try or (3)Get to hell out.

i have been tortured for up to seven days at a firm..
at Casiereagh interrogation outside of Belfast. The
whole object of their torture sessions was to get me to
sign my name once on a piece of paper admitting to
anything I wanted. I was given a wide variety of of-
fenses to admit to. i had a choice they said. i could
sign a confession to a crime that would get me five
years or less. if i refused they would torture me into
signing a statement to more serious charges and i
would get life. On one particular occassion on April
14-16. 1977 I was arrested along with six other young
nationalists, four men and two women. All seven of Us
were tortured and four ended up signing confessions
to crimes they had not commited. Such is British
iustice. In 1972 Amnesty international reported
systematic torture by the British government in Nut
thern Ireland. in 1976 the European commission on
Human rights found the British government guilty of
torture in Northern lreland. in 1978 the Europudli

 

Ireland

 

 

 

court of human rights found the British guilty of in-
human and degrading treatment in Northern lreland.
in 1978 Amnesty international again reported on
systematic torture by the British government in Nor-
thern Iréland. British law in Northern Ireland is in'
direct contravention of 15 articles (that is 50 percent)
of the universal declaration of human rights. i could go
‘on with more charts and inquiries but I think you get
the idea.

When i was being released from my last torture ses-
sion in April 1977 i was told 1 Would be killed before
the end of the year by my captors.

Of course all physical abuse will heal in time. broken
teeth can be replaced with false ones. bruises will go'
away, but the psychological damage done to prisoners
in these torture centers will still be be assessed in years
to come. i still have constant nightmares about being
chased by the British Army and of being electrocuted
in Castlereagh torture center. My physician's report on
my release reads as follows; I examined Austin
Deulne...his physical injuries will not leave any lasting
e/fect..,After this torture session i decided to go to the
U.S. to visit my two brothers herein N.Y. [came on a
three week holiday with no intention of staying. I got a

icheap charter flight. Belfast to Kennedy via an over-
night stop in Manchester, England. All people arriving
from lreland have to fill out a form. it asks lots of ques-
tions. name. address. D.O.B.. what your entering for,
how long for. nationality. etc. i arrived in Manchester
with my form filled out. 1 hand it to a special branch
man. who scrutinized and then asked me how come i
put place of birth Belfast. present address Belfast and
nationality Irish if I was a British subjuct. He insisted i
couldn't claim allegiance to a foreign power. When I
informed him that my parents. grandparents. and in
fact all my ancestors were lrish and I consider the
British army as the only foreign power presently in.
lreland he didn’t seem too happy. i was immediately
arrested. They held me for eight hours, squeezing my
toothpaste out of its tube and making a thorough
Search of me and my luggagei got punched several
times before my release but nothing maior. I then
retired to my hotel room in the Airport to await my
flight to NY. the next morning. Two hours before my
flight l was arrested again from my bed at the hotel.
More photographs, fingerprints etc. I was led to the
plane in hand cuffs with the police officer. His final
remark was,"See ya on the way back Austin". it was at
that moment that the thought “don't hold your breath
buddy" entered my mind. But i didn't know what to

,_____________________,__._.___—————-————

 

: A. Fight For Peace

A face of Northern Irish violence: a rloter in front of a burning auto'.

 

I have been tortured for up to seven

days at a time at Caslereagh inter-
rogation outside of Belfast. The

whole object of their torture sessions
was to get me to sign my name on a
piece of paper admitting to anything I
wanted. I was given a wide variety of
offenses I could admit to. They said I
had a choice. I could sign a confes-

si

on to a crime that would get me five

years or less. If I refused they would
torture me into signing more serious

charges and I would get life.

 

expect of America. I think i'd watched too many John
Wayne movies. The my three weeks has lasted over
five years. But while I may be free from English op-

British spent millions of dollars a year spreading their
misinformation in this cuntry. General Frank Kitson of
the British Army stated in. Faber. 1977.The pro-

presslon. my friends and family are not. so my struggle .paganda battle has not only got to be won within the

to drive them out will continue until Britain leaves or I
die. whichever comes first.

The lRA realizes that British soldiers are basically
working class men from London and Liverpool and
Endinburough and killing them is regretable. But so
long as they are the instruments of British misrule the
,must expect to pay for their crimes. Prime Minister
Margaret Thatcher would not lose any sleep tonight if

twenty British sol

.merely disposable pawns in a big game to her. One

lRA mart is worth

fighting for something he beleives in at great personal

rlsh for no pay.
Most of the ne

thern lreland comes from Britain. 50 of course it gives
the English government's version of reality. They like
to link the lRA with whatever most American don't
lke. we are called terrorists, marxists. communists.
and theyrhave tried to link us to drugs. gambling. pro-
stitution; anything to discredit us in the eyes of Irish
Americans. whom they fear learning the truth. The .

 

'cuttittry in which the insurgency is taking place. but
also in other places throughout the world where
Igovernments or individuals are in a positiot iv give
moral or material support to the enet.ty...the
mechanics of the business...involves the provision of
people to monitor the enemy's propaganda and
prepare and disseminate material required for
countering it and putting across the governtnent's
dlers were killed today, for they are point of view. It can be acheived either by direct ac-
tion. as for example by the provision of leaflets. or the
setting—up of an official wireless or television network.
or by trying to inform and Influence the existing news

. medial
Because of this media distortion here we tnust work
.very hard with little funds to get people to understand
: the truth. i would love to see more students get involv-
ed in the fight for it'ish reunification. This is beginning
it) happen but at a slow pace" to date. People in this
country can help end the war and speed up a British
withdrawal. it will be along hard fight but we must and
will win 1'3

a 100 British sholdiers because he is

ws entering this country about Nor-

 

 

_______._________.._.———-———__________‘

.. ... a , ......  ..... ,.........t..-..t......<; hivr‘m. ...v»t.,~.wa.c.....-....o.....summ-

 

