  

 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ci APRIL 29, I983

 

 

 

Open Seven Days A Week
Phone 434-6854

 

Corner of Clinton And Quail
Home of l’ellcan Power

 

Attitude Adjustment Hour
Mom-Fri. 4-7

 

SHUFFLEBOARD
IMMEDIATE SPORTS RESULTS

 

Food Served 'tlll 3:50

 

 

 TAKE our AVAILABLE

NESS

SPECIAL OPENING
Mayfest morning 8am

BLOODIES -A-BUCK 16oz.
PITCHERS $2.00

1 Free drink with SUNYA ID

HAPPY MAYFES'I'
CONGRATULATIONS CLASS OF ‘83

__.________________=__.__=.===.
nriscoitlier’s
' «a limit} C26“

 

MONDAY mg [11" ' WEDNESDAY NIGHT

 

“Bartenders. Walters. "lidles Night"
Ir Waitresses Night" 2 for |
2 for I bar‘drinltsiorladtcs
bar drinks 9~I t PM.
I r r MA AM.
LIGHT MENU HAPPY HOUR .
‘ ""‘Mumﬂ‘ * FRIDAY HAPPY HOUR* Why‘irxxwﬂ‘”

‘6 7- D it leer—SOC a
I 01“ I 6:! Drinks
ﬂlPMl
I440 Central Avenue 0 Northway Mall.
Colonic - 459-7757 mxmfmml
(outside entrance)

IKXMSM lit its amt/m
l ll'M MM [lwdSimday

 

 

 

 

Senior Shobbat
at Chapel House

Services - tonight at 6:30
(Conservative) and 7:30
(Orthodox)

- tomorrow 9:30am
Luncheon Following

Come say farewell to our
graduating seniorsl

 

vv

'1”

_ -AAAAAAAAA

vvvvvvvvv

vvvvvv

AAAA

vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv'v

i
0
0
0
i

 

 

rOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO0.0....OO0.0.QOOO0.0.000000000000000000000...O

l [manicAN
ioIUDIENI .

ICC No. 166562

MCVING- 

On May 21st, do you know
where your furniture will be ?

Leaving for the summer? Graduating? Let American
Student Moving handle all your end of semester
moving and storage hassles. American Student
Moving provides three comprehensive services

desi ned to meet all student moving and storage
nee 5:

Door To Door Movln!

For as little $25. American Student Moving will
move your belongings from your school residence
to your summer or permanent location any where in
the five boroughs of New York City, Westchester
and Rockland Counties in New York; anywhere on
Long Island; Fairfield County in Connecticut; the
Boston area in Massachusetts and Bergen, Passaic.
Essex and Morris Counties in New Jersey.

CALL 434-6655
434-6656

Summer Sterne

For as little as $20, American Student Moving

will pick up your belongings at your door.store
them in our secure, insured warehouse and on one
day's notice return them to your new residence in
the Fall.

Movln‘ and Store“ [or Graduating Studeng

Relocating within our service area? American
Student Moving will pick up your belongings.
transport them to our New York or Boston
warehouse. store them for as long as you like.
and on one day's notice deliver them to your new
residence.

FULLY INSURED

lcc No. l66562

it...OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO0.x O...O0.0...O9.0...OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOO0.00.00.0904

¢»

vvvvvvvv v

 

i

    
  

 

ll Tom Kacandes
.DITDRML ASTISTANT

 

The Albany State men‘s track and field
team traveled to Hamilton. NY. for the
highly competitive Colgate Relays last
Wednesday. There were twelve teams in at-
tendance. including Cornell and Syracuse.
but no team scoring in the meet. Said Dane
captain Nick Sullivan. “Colgate is a ftrn
meet, where we get to rtin non-standard
relays with no team competition. just
relays."

The Danes entered a team in every relay. as
well as individual competitors in the ﬁeld
events. Prominent among the individuals
was thrower Bill Nason. who took third in
the shot put. Nason's loss of l5.12 meters
was only a centimeter behind second. Said
Nason."lt was a good throw. but l really
hate getting beat like that."

in the triple jump. captain Paul Mancc hit

APRIL 29. 1983 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

Men’s track team competes in Colgate relays
mam;  .

 

teams. but the track got hot when the
4x800-meter relay was run. Like the distance
medley relay, the 4x800 relay is run only in-
doors. so it had been a long time since this
team had run together. The team of Rizzo.
Winston Johnson. Noel Woodburn. and Er-
win ran their best time by eight i'ull seconds
for third place honors. in the third leg. Noel
Woodburn passed lhrcc runners running a
hot l:56.2 split in the process. Erwin got the
baton tied for fotrrth and ran his faSIcst 800
by two seconds to pass the Rochester In-
stitute of Technology anchor and take third
place. The rclay's ofﬁcial time was 7:55.21

The sprint medley relay (200, 200. 400.
800) is rtrn only at special relay meets like the
Colgate Relays. but the Albany team of Reil-
ly. Andy Callari. Paul Fauty. and Tom
Kacandcs had a great race finishing fourth
overall. Fauty's personal best 400 split of
51.0 seconds helped the team to their quick
3:39 relay time.

0 .

 

 

traniural program for disabled students. tic~
cording to Tony Ferretti. a graduate assistant

 

 

 

 

students." Ferrctti said.

The team consisting of semen students

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Women tracksters lose, 90-76

The Albany State women's track team lost a close meal at Blnghamton Tues-
day altomoon by the score oi 78-65.

Outstanding performances were turned In by Kathy McCarthy in the distance
events. and Andrea DoLaurior and Mary Handles in the "old events.

McCarthy won the 5000 meter run with a time oi 18:22.5. breaking her own
school record and just missing the qualifying time for the Nationals by 2.5
seconds. McCarthy then came back to win the 3000 in 10:48. Doiaurior won the
discus and javalln. while Randios took that In the shot put and second in the
discus.

“it Was a close meet. but we had a couple at runners Injured and I think that
was the reason we lost it." said Albany head coach Ron White. Linollo Skerrltt
and Jen Jones both mined the most because at injuries.

— Maris Levine

 

ED HARUSSICH UPS

 

The game was played before an en
thusiastic crowd which \chcmcntiy pulled for
the UM) team. “l’copic got caught up iii the
excitement of the game. There was rootstom-
ping illld cheering. The crowd booed a goal
by the opposition and cheered us on." UAl)
team member Mike i-‘cldntan \aid.

UM) runs various programs for the
estimated ISO disabled students on campus.
Ferrclti said. There haic bccn trips to con»
certs and a recent weekend outing at Dip-
pikiil. “Dippikill was recently made accessi»
bic (for wheelchairs) and the weekend trip
was \cry successful." he added. "I foresee
ruorc trips in the future."

One of the goals oi the dcwiopment ot a
spurlk program is to make people rcaiile that
disabled students can participate in any at:-
ti\ity. l-‘crtetti esplained.

"The game itself raised the awareness that
Tony (l’crrctti) was mentioning. An) other
events people see posters or announcements
or they might attend and not just pay no at-
tcntion too." Fcldman said.

For two days prior to the first hockc)
game. balloons and ﬂiers were distributed on

"There were seven people who played in
the lust game. incoming freshmen i talked to
the \cr) irrtcrc~tcd in participating in this pro-
gram. littsictilli l'tn on|_\ worried about tiri-
ding opponents." l5crrctti commented.

i‘crrctti ttdrnih that he cannot take full
credit for thc cuabhshrncnt of the learn. “I
was going to start ti wheelchair basketball
rerun btrt Robert l’ipia a \tudent here sug-
gested hockey inucad." he iilltl "it is easier
for titliitllilpclt'gIL‘\ to pin) hockey than
basketball." Most of the disabch ~tudnts at
SUNYA .ire quadrapclegics.

“The whole idcti oi the program is to allow
a dl\.II"IC\.I student to bc looked iii as more
‘nornuil‘. iii PilllltID-Illllg tn .1 hockey game
hope-toil) other ~rudcnh will lch more corri-
lortnblc bctng with them." lcrrctti C\pl€iill-
Ctl

".\1.r,\bc this will make people more aware
oloitr abilities llhlcdd oiour tII\ilI‘lllliL‘>. It is
easy to notice our apparent dixabilitics but
ttor our inherent abilities." leidrnnn said.
"People might lake lot granted things that
might be \igrirticant Ior me or could add to
iIt.tt lchng of being rntiinstrcanicd instead of
being dift'crcnl.” '

 

 

 

 

t' 

«m. r

 

 

 

g. __s_

l3.5l meters. “That's a good jutiip. but my ““
goal is the Nationals and it doesn't help me The outstanding performance of the day ‘
there." Assistant couch Tiru Gunther also was that of the Albany «Mn-meter relay
competed in the triple and long jump. His squad. The team of Riggins. Saccocio.
jtirtip of 6.37 meters in the long jtinip was Woodbtrrn. and Newton dusted thc competi-
ycry respectable. lion iii their ﬁrst place finish. Riggins cruised
On the track. the Danc‘s distance medley with the lam crowd of lead runners in third.
relay WU" (300. 400. 1200, MOO meters) of thcrt Sttccocio. muscled Ills way to the from
Tony Riuo. Scott Sachs. Nick Sullivan. and oi‘tlie contenders. hruidingot't'ro \\’ootiburn.
.lirti Erwin took sixth place overall. Their whodocsn't usuainriinthc-itX). btrt wristiblc
little of I0:30.3 was it \cttson best. to hold Albany's narrow Icritl. Newton took
The 4xl00-tnctcr rclny ttlso ran a season the baton and flew through his anchor leg in
best time. The tcaru of Mike Riggins. Prit 49.5 seconds leaving the ('olgrue anchor in :I
Saccocio. Sachs. and John Reilly took fourth few yards as he hit the tape. The rcltty's oi-
plricc with their liillL' or 43.9 seconds. i'icittl time of 3:195 is only two seconds limit
In a very last. \cry close rtrcc. the 40.00 the National qualifying mark and Albany‘s
rcltty terror of Riggins. Reilly. Sachs. and liric best all ycrir.
Newton was within tenths ot‘ti second of the "We nced niccts like this to run without
Colgate Rclrtys record in lIlill ctcnt ol' l:2‘).‘) pressure.” \tiid hcad couch liob Munscy. ED “Russ.” Ups
sct'n‘)()."- st \','-t “ 'i' - ~'; ") .' " '
l'30l6 lllltII goltliittllygfiiirdqigdrdthdi: LEI-IIt‘tLr‘lIS u I)::I’:ll:t:”  "EfficriLirli‘tldnlt‘itigmhtduzItiilrLtitlt: The men's "ﬂak Ieam compmed In me co'gau Relays wednGSday‘ The 'elay
' ' 3 . - ‘ ‘ ‘ teams turned in some this periormances.
All irt (ill. the day had gone well tor Albany today."
Wheelchair hockey team established by UA D
. at the Disabled Students Service Center. played their first game two weeks ago against the podium.
By  aﬁnxun “University Action for the Disabled ti team of able-bodied opponents in Uni\crsi- I'lic UAI) team is currently looking lor op-
_.____, ._,,-,, ___A,   "WV, ,. (UAD) is starting a wheelchair hockey team. ly (iyni. The UAD tcum beat a tenth of poncnts for next year. 'Ihc) tttiscd $700 from
A wheelchair ﬂoor hockey team is only the since all students have an opportunity to par- leaders from \ttrious student groups. (i-S. Tire motions for the “hi game but are looking to
ﬁrst step in the establishment of an in- ticipate irt intramurais except for disabled opposition played in wheelchairs. [00. Pill) “will” 01hr” diubicd Hudcnts. v.

 

