Ray Bra

hat price the answer to you

wildest fantasies? To the residents

of a tiny country town called
Green Town. the price is as high as their
souls. An autumn carnival is heralded by
the raging gusts of a violent storm. The
streets are filled with handbllls luring the
curious to Dark's Pandemonium Carnlual.
promising exotic women. games of
chance. and the mysterious hous of mir-
I’UI'S.

Lisanne Sokolowskr

Will llalloway (Vidal Peterson) and Jim
Nightshade (Shawn Carson) play the
stereotypical Walt Disney heroes: nre-

pubescent. rapscalllon boys who fall iniot
the middle of mystery and evil danger.
Jim. the more daring of the two. leads
lhern into the secret of Mr Dark's carnival.
Dark. played by the London headliner
Jonathan Pryce. Is a subtle combination of
evil. suspicion. and the ability to wear a
faded undertaker's suit with class. Only the
English could pull that off, and Pryce‘s Mr.
Dark looks like he take tea every afternoon
in between stealing souls.

The only man standing between Dark
and Green Town is the aging librarian
Charles Halloway (Jason Robards). The
old man is riddled with guilt because his
weak heart denies him the chance to be a
real. “active” father to his son Will. With his
theatrical jowls. and voice like the depths of
a gravel pit. Robards Is not convincing as a
librarian battling the forces of darkness.

The carnival arrives under the cloak of
midnight. and opens the next morning.
tantalizing the imaginations of Green
Towns residents. Those who have lived
their lives with a dream or obsession can
find it satisfied in Dark‘s house of mirrors.
The only catch is. that. to fulfill the dream.
they must sacrifice. An ugly old woman

.... .- .A .- ..-..‘._.~...—--w—._.~—

 

becomes beautiful. but at the price of losing
her eyesight. so she may never look upon
her own beauty.

10 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS :1 JUNE 27. I983 V ,

Something Awful This W

A one-armed. one-legged bartender
who used to be a football star enters the
house of mirrors and sees a reflection of
himself as a whole man again. But to gain
his limbs. Dark turns him Into a small boy.
without freedom and privileges of a mature
man. James Stacy plays the bartender and
for some TV trivia buffs. the name might
ring a bell. Stacy used to play one of the
cowboy sorts on the western series Lancer
ten years ago. before a motorcycle accident
forced a drastic amputation and a
withdrawal from acting. While his part is
small. it is his first major comeback role.
and he handles it comfortably and adeptly.
turning a personal tragedy into a unique
skill. ~

They gain perfection but at the cost of
becoming freaks in Mr. Dark's wax
museum. Will and Jim find out the secret
to Dark's carousel that travels forwards and
backwards in time. and Jim is tempted to
ride it and become an adult. Dark offers
him ctr-partnership in the carnival if he'll
clitnb aboard . but Will. the ever innocent
and righteous. pulls him away. Will tells his
father about the strange carnival and Dark
and Charles Halloway have a final con-
frontation in the library.

For a movie about evil and terror.
Something Wicked This Way Comes
passes right by with scarcely a notice. This
Is regrettable because It has all the ingre-
dients behind it for a real classic thriller.
The sets for Green Town (the largest set
built in Hollywood since a portion of NYC
was recreated for Hello Daily) and Dark's
Pandemonium Carnival were constructed
under the supervision of production
designer Richard MacDonald (Marathon
Man. Altered States). The films musical
score is credited to James Horner (Wei/en.
Star Trek II).

Director Jack Clayton. who no one has
heard a peep out of since his artistically
memorable flop of 1974. The Great
Gatsby. should go back into hiding.
Clayton is given a cast that includes an

 

   

The 1982-83 Dane year in review

<15

Aftcr a frustrating full season trndcr new
head coach Jim Scrhzriik. lllr.‘ wonrcn’s tcnnis
learn bounccd back to htrvc a litre spring. led
by chbic l.cffc and loan l’hillips, Albany
hrrx made grctll strides itt restoring the winn-
ing tradition ot' for'rncr couch. l’cggy Mann.

lhc rncn's tcnnis lL'tlilt crrptutcd tltc
SliNi'Ac crowrt iii the fall for the fourth
corrsccuthc ycrtr. l.cd by four seniors. lizrrry
lctinc. l'rcd (irtbcr. Larry liichcn and How
I crncr. Albany continued its success this spr-
ing. ('ortch liob Lewis' rerun defeated ("oi-
errtc for the first time in five ycrrrs to nurkc
thcir fintrl record ii-3 this season. ‘l'hc big<
gcst cvcnl occtrrrcd ltrtc in the year. Albany
hostcd the NCAA National Tcnnis 'l'ourrut-
rrrcnt for Division lll schools. This was the
first tirnc a NCAA tournament hrtd been held
at Albany. However. poor weather dampen-
ed the event.

Once again Bob Munscy and the Albany
track team cnjoycd successful seasons. The
cross-country season saw Bruce Shapiro
qualify for the nationals. The indoor tcrrrn
captured third place at the SUNYACs. The
relay and sprint tcams turned in fine pcri'or-
manccs for Albany. in the recently com-
pleted outdoor regular season. the Danes
compiled a mark of 7-l. turning in impressive
wins and breaking school records along the
way. Hurdler Bruce Van Tassel and Marc

  
 

the ASP for

This is the only issue of

We will resume regular
publication with an
issue on September 15.

Mcrcurio contrihulcd heavily to the Albrmy .

Cililbk‘.

l’lrc notnctt's track team faccd tip to
clurilcngcs rrll ycrrr‘ long. The Irrur‘icrs took
fourth place at the NYAIAW cross country
chrrnrpionships. The Albany tcrun strugglcd
through at rough indoor season. including it
disappointing finish in thc l€trstctn rcgion
('lttrnrpionslrips. lint in tltc orrtdoor scttsttli
they showed that they arc rt [cum to bc
rcckoncd with. They finished fifth in tile
(‘ortlrtnd invitational 'dllLi scvcrrri school and
personal records werc sci in the process.

A young and inc\pcricnccd women‘s soc—
cct' tcttm corrrpilcd tr winning record and hats
(‘otrch Amy Kidder looking cngcrly to the
future. Tltcrc were many bright spots for this
Icttm, but they just sccmcd to be at ycar away.

The men's and women's swimming and
diving teams were coached by former Albany
star .loc Sirorc. The men finished scvcnth in
thc SUNYACs and set new school records
throughout tltc season. The worncrt swam
competitively and were sparked by their relay
Icarus which set new records.

The Albany year in sports is a divcrsificd
look at success and disappointment, of
achieving and yearning. The effort put in by
those who compctc more than equals the

wins or losses that show up in the.
it

scorebook.

the summer.

   

  
 

  

Academy Award-winner. a British Film
Awards-winner. and a sucesslon of
character actors and actresses who have
been giving memorable performances since
the 1950's. and is still unable to direct a
cohesive. multidimensional movie.

Walt Disney Productions and Ray Brad-
bury were meant to work together. Both
know how to play off the imaginations and
fantasies of adults and children. But Jack
Clayton and producer Peter Vincent
Douglas don't. Something Wicked This
Way Comes is boring. occasionally
ridiculous. and tedioust melodramatic.
Watching The Wonderful World of Disney
on Sunday nights when I was little was a lot
more entertaining. And cheaper.

The theme of what price to pay to fulfill
your dreams is muddled with shots of

[young boys running literally everywhere.
The freakishness of the carnival is handled
to look more like the backstage of a high
school production. The boys never seem to
be particularly suprised that a iratnload of
soul‘steallng demons have entered the
town. Funny. 1 would be.

The best part of the movie is Robards.
who proves himself by creating an in-
dividual out of a very two-dimensional
character. He gives a crash course in
theatre as he adds inflections and gestures
to the skeleton of acting. Jonathan Pryce
looks as realistic a figure as a marlonetie
with a steel rod for a backbone. He cannot
be compared to Robards.

But unfortunately. Robards is not the
whole movie. so Something Wicked This
Way Carries will probably be remembered

 

as somethzng awful this way passed. l .l

 

 

 

   

 

     
     

 

 

f:- fwriting?9
; layout?

. :‘i
- roductron?mE

 

 

EDIT

ORIAL

Changing of the guard

lbttny lost a legend. a man respected by friend
and foc ulikc wltctr Mayor Erastus Corning ll
died on May 28. "The Mayor" dominated his
city in an unprecedented manner for 4i years. exercising
ncarly absolute control over tltc city and the Democratic
Party. Thc ncw mayor, Thomas Whalcn ill. will probrrbly
be tested carly and strongly in his ability to keep the for-
midable organization coherent.
, As the new mayor plots the course of his administration
we hope that he doesn't overlook a ratlrcr large portion of
his constitucncy — students. SUNYA students. alone, ac-
count for some H.000 Albany residents. This figurc
doesn't even include the numcrous other colleges irt
Albany.

NLVCrlllchSS. studcnt relations with Whalcn seem to be
off to rt shnkey start. it began laSI May. when thcn-
Common Council President Whulcn trycd to call off
OCA's Party-in-thc-Park. fcaring security problems.
Similar cvcnts had not causcd problems in the past and his
fears were unsubstanttttcd. A peaceful. orderly crowd
proved the point.

Most recently. Whalcn has comc out against studcnls'
request for an additional polling place. claiming the two
prcscnt on-campus cites adequately "accomodatc"
students. Perhaps the students who have access to these
polling places are uccornodatcd but this says nothing for
the voters on Colonial and hull of Dutch Quads.'Thcy are
forced to travel off campus to a site that is already 500

registered voters above it's legal limit.

These confrontations along with certain statements —
“l consider them (students) to be temporary residents"
and “it would be ideal if all students could live on-
campus" — can't help but give one the impression that
Witalen views students as little more than another
headache. This is not a good way to start off a new ad-
ministration.

Studcnts arc more titan "temporary" residents. They
are citizens who spend valublc years of their lives here.
Students contribute culturally and ﬁnancially to Albany.
Many businesses thrivc during our ten-month prcscncc.
And despite the mayor‘s statements to the contrary, many
rln stay in Albany and make substantial contributions.

Granted. 42 yctrrs of uninterruptcd rule by one man is
hard to follow. lndccd. Whalcn's position may well be
one of the nrost trrtiquc in the nation and he has made a
number of movcs toward nccdcd reforms. Nevertheless.
we have found his attitude toward students to be less than
desirable. He has however, shown a willingness to talk to
student representatives. Wc can only hope this will lead
him to a greater appreciation of students in thc communi-
ly.

 

L E T

WOmen’s studies help

To the Editor:

This letter is addressed to all incoming women students:

You are ill Orientation now and getting a glimpse of life
at Albany State. in reading the literature provided for you
and speaking with your Orientation Advisor. you will tttl-
doublcdly be introduced to the many different classes,
clubs and activities that rrwrrit you here. Undcrstrurdrrhly,
not every one oi' you will identify with the same subjects
and causes due to different httckrottnds. irncrcsts illlti pcr-
sonttlitics. However there is one field than cvcr‘y wornrrn
hcrc can identify with — Women's Studies.

'l'ltc Women‘s Studies Dcprtrtmcttt lrcrc at Albany Stutc
is one of the best and most respected in the SUNY systcrtt.
There are courses ranging from Women rtnd the Law to
Wotnctt Artists to Introduction to licrninisrn. 'l'ltcy arc :rll

 

taught with enthusiasm. turd cnrcfully plturncd to introduce
womcn to the problems anti obstacles that they will cn-
cotrntcr itt lifc. Justus importantly. liti\\C\L‘t', rhcy ttttcrnpt
to instill in worncrt rt sense of pride and sllcllgllt which
rnrury have never experienced bcl'orc.

l rtrgc cvcry orrc of yotr to carefully Icttti the section of
thc Course Description liookicl which ticsct'iltcs the
Women's Studies courses. and talk to your counselor about
t’cgistcring for ortc of lltL'lll. You'll be glad you did.

~~ ('lrtirc Schneider

Defining rapists

To the Editor:

'l'hc myth of the rapist as “trorrbicnurkcr” rnnst bc
dispcllcd. That is why i run writing this lcith. I. like all
women, have cxpcricnccd \crbrti ttrpc. I. ngtrin likc till
women. have lived with thc tinctrl of rrtpc c\cr since i kncw

 

whzrt the word meant. But. it should be notcd. that cvctt
bci‘orc I understood the meaning of the word and hcrrcc
fcttrcd thc act. rttpL‘ tbrctrtcncd rny urrdcnirrblc rigirt to
myself. Rapc is tr threat to women oi rrll rtgc categories.
from the infant to the elderly wonum. Rttpc kccps all
women submissive.

Just as all women are potcntirri \iclims, till rncrr trrc

   
   
 
   
    
 
   
     
   
   

T E R 3

potential rapists. Some would say that this statement is too
radical. This letter is written in defense of the "radical"
view. My rcply is that we need radicalism to dispel the
mythology that surrounds rrrpc. When you find yourself in
a position of oppression yott must ovcrcxtcnd yourself and
thus voice your complaint louder than it should cvcr need
he. liccasc there is at tcndcncy within otrr rape ctr/Irin- to
“blrtrnc tltc victim," \vomcn must protect lltctnsclvcs and
all other women form the socictttl backlash thcy receive
when rapcd.
Quitc oflcrr societal brtcklrrslr comes in the form of myths.
’l'lrcsc myths are pcrpcttnrtcd. for csrunpic. in thc rtotiorr of
thc rapist its “trouhlcrnakcr.” What is it troublcnrrrkcr'.’ 'l‘o
clahorrrlc further. who or whrrt is it rrtpisl'.’ it is about little
that all people were rrwruc llllll 5t) pctccnt of victims rtrc
“PM by their lllcy know. To simplify. i stole illitl the rapist
is the “boy next door ." the rapist is also no old boyfriend,
rt male colleague, ti farther. it rnulc politician, as well of the
long-time rnrrlc l'ricnd of lhc family. Speak to it woman who
has. been raped by hcr druc atrrd she‘ll tell you that be
“secured like rt rticc guy."
is it rricc guy a tronblcmrtkcr‘.’ liy strcittl dcfinition he is
not. liut. can rt rapist be it troublcrnrrkcr turd it nice guy? i
cry out. ycsi thpc mtrkcs an incredible runorrnt ol' trorrblc
iii the li\cs of \torncn, whether or not tlicy hurc bcctt vic-
tirni/ctl. Worse yct. if file nornrrn knew the lllilll uho trlpcrl
lrcr shc often has to farce rrrorc trouhlc than it \llc did not.
Knowledge of thc Ittpisl docs not logically split on it convic—
tion. btrl inxlcrtd illogicrrlly pctpctnrrics tlrc “blrnnc thc vic-
tinr" syndtornc. l‘or c\rnnp|c. tlrcrc is the ritpc dntc. [his
typc oi tapc is oftcn trccornpuntcd by tlrc mth that tile
fcrnrtlc provoked it. Whirl rf thc \iclittt “its \rrrlkirrg to but
ironic. niorrc ill night? llrc tcxprulsc “sirc \\tllllctl to bc
rtrpcrl." or worsc yct. "slicuskcd lot it." find Inc n woman
who wtrntcd to bc t‘ttpcd. licllct yet. and truitc it difficult
trtsk. find me it wornrrn who llih \HIlkL‘ti down the sllc‘cl
alone in thc dark and not lcll th ircrnt rruc ittcrcztsc ntnil
lrcr lllltitll begins to sob. | .trrr tircd. irr tact c\h:rustcd, of
lrtrving to walk always accompanied by icru.
| ltopc it hits been made clcrrr rhrtt rapists are "nice guys"
too!
—'I'rrrc_\ Morgan
l’o/mrlut-r ( ‘uu/rs’r'lor
.vi/lrrurt' fftl/M' ( ‘ '\ (Wilt-r

   

 

53Fe FOReVQR
FROM THE

 

    
    

SUMMER STAFF

Editor in Chief
Mark Gcsncr
Managing Editor
Lisa Strain

 

News Editor
Anthony Silbcr
Sports Editors
Marc Haspcl
Marc Scltwar/
Associate Sports Iidltur

Mark Levine

Aspects Editor

Gail Mcrrcli

Associati- Aspects I‘ltlitlil’

Dttvid l..l.. l.:tsk'in

Contributing Editors

Dean lletr.

Wuync l’ccrchoorn

Staff Writers
Arncy Adams, lictb lirirrscr, Kevin ('Itrrk. llubcrt-
Kcnncth Dickcy. LS. l rrnc. David l..l.. iarskin,
l.i\ltiiltc Sokolouski, Mctiu Ulug

 

 

linslncss Murmur-r
llcdy Brotch
l;rotlirclltrrr

('atc liowrnrtn
Jacques Dursclrlrtg

I'lrologrrrplt)
lltitllt lioxtick
Mctin lJlng

lintirc contents copyright I'M} Allurny Student
Press ('orporrrlion. all rights resent-d.

I'lru .riI/Iu/ty Slur/uni I'nnt tr [)lif!/f\/It'{/ 'l'trt-rrlrrvr rrIIr/
l-‘I'irlrrys Ilt'fit‘t‘t'll .-lii.L,'ll.\I tllll/ June by I/It‘ nil/mutt
Slut/wt! I’It'u (‘or/mrullmt. tIIf i/rrlc/n'ttrlunl [ml-for-
pmj'il t'mymrrllto/I. .-l \IIfL’lt‘ is /mlt/i\lnvI./i;r I/ft’ \Ii/Ii-
titer \t'\\ltllf.

Iz'rlr'lol‘ttll tllt' n-I’r/lt-n ivy //tr' Iz'rltlor-tnt 'ltlr'f' n'il/t
lllt‘lIl/tr'lt it] My [tutorial Iturrrrl. .-irlvurlrriitc [tn/icy
flow. It“! rrr't't'uul‘t/r‘ I'r'ﬂr't‘l editorial policy.

Mrtiling Address

Albany Student Press. (1' 32‘)
MOO “'ttsltil'tgltili i\\ c.
Albany, NY. i2222
(Slii)457«ilii‘)2/3322/13t<‘)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

éaFe FoReveR 5aFe FoReveR
FROM Tue FROM Tile
CLUB! 3WORD!
. a ‘

  

 

 

  
 

ﬁaFe FoReveR
ROM We

   
   

F
Bow aND aRRoW.’
/1Wk.

 

gaFe FoReVeR
FROM THe
BoM B!

SaFe FoReveR
FROM CONtenﬁoNaL
WeaPONsy

 
 

 
  

STEM '83
not

KY M'VN.
rims. .Nm
CPS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

