 

 

. ‘c.-ww-.m-)n~..\. w.

   
 

c

8 ASPECTS ON TUESDAY

moving. dumb. funny. Intelligent.

nfurtatlng. stimulating. and. most of
all. creative'. it dates back to the days when
men lived in caves and got excited about
things such as fire and the wheel. it has been
published. discouraged. displayed. painted
over. and even legislatedagainst. it can be
found In every building on campus. It Is g'raf-
fill. -

Keith Van Air'ei‘i

Webster defines graffito (graffiti is the
plural) as “an inscription or drawing nrade
on a rock or wall." Tire walls that are tiie
most frequent recipients of these Inscriptions
are bathroom walls. We have all experienced
the relief that comes with an overdue trip to
rire lavatory. Alter this euphoria passes. the
creative juices that lead to the composition of
graffiti are released. What follows is a sanipl-
:rrg of the many directions that these creative
.uices can take. --

it should be pointed out here tirat this arti-
cle is. of necessity. limited to a survey of the
male restrooms on campus i was quite will-
log to cover the female restrooms as well.
But when l attempted to flash my press pass
in the women's room in the Campus Center.
1 was roundly booed. screamed at. and. fear-
ing physical harm. i lied So nrucir for
freedom of the press

Quite often. irurrior proves to be a major
inspiration for the writing on the wall. For ex-
ample. "Q: What would it take to bring the
Beatles back together? A Three bullets." ——
Lecture Centers. it's sick. but didn't you
chuckle at first? Another popular variation of
the question/answer joke is the forin used by
the Great Carnac on the Tonight Show. One
joke which hasn't made it to Burbank yet is.
"Answer: The SALT Talks. Question: What
happens when you go to lunch with a ven-
triloqutst?" — Physics. The best example
from the humor category can be found in the
Campus Center. a veritable goldmtne of
graffiti. “E'—-MC.; Nice equation Einstein.
Next time show the work. -3 pts." That's
what i call a thinking person's joke.

On the other side of the coin.
philosophical reflections account for a sizable
percentage of the graffiti that adorns the
bathroom walls. "Unfortunately. percepl
tabillty is subject to academia" — Campus
Center. One subject about which percep-
tions are numerous is love Note this ex-
change. from the Earth Science building.
"Love is relative in space and time " To
which someone else responded. “True love
transcends space and time." These lines

 lrraii we begin...?" — Fine Arts. it is

 

 

 
  

   
   
 

    

ref/E
. ~\./ 9 ”

nrust have been a bit too heady (or so-
meone Next to them lies an arrow pointing
at them Under it is written. "You guys must
be philosophy majors." if there's one line
that's a cinch for Philosophical Graffiti Hall of
Farrie. it's got to be. "Being is (think aliotit
it)"  i’funranities. This puulrrrg quote ap-
pears iii at least three buildings on carirpus
and it occupies my time quite trrcely
whenever i encounter it.

Apparently. going to the bathroom gives
many of our graffitists pause to reflect on
their favorite literary works This is evident
from the many classic quotations that can be

lourtcl transcribed. \Vfiid‘lfir'ﬂ’ftrtl. to stall ‘

Between The Lines

(A Reading Theﬂicing On The Wall

 RE§§ 
rs If/WM m,

5

. o.’ .

tit—EREE'UE’TLE
ﬁr '

    

, it
HE I  . v x a @t‘“
A of on't/EMT’OWARi/<  Ella/{ﬁst
\- . 1’  -1; . ‘ Z V .1 - T‘
. E

  
 

 

(I LMD
8'5

  
 

. H ’\
' r
r r‘
.. 34, ~ ,
' ’..l
I w, 

 

 
 

walls. Nurrrerous and Inspiring as these are.
it was easy to pick the one that will stay with
me for a long time. “i do not like green eggs
and ham. i do not like them Sam 1 am" —
Humanities. When it comes to graffiti. Dr.
Seuss proves highly quotable.

The competitive atmosphere of college
breeds a lot of animosity toward various nia-
)(H'S. “SUNY Albany business majors are a
tlitne-a-doren losers. caught up in the cor-
porate rat race. oblivious to the reality that
engulfs the" ~— Campus Center "Q: What
do business majors do after graduation? A:
They look for people who dress alike and
follow tlrem around" -— Business Ad-
ministration.

 

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   

also be soid at the door.

of Lark and Hudson.

 

Black Sheep. a band which performs reggae with tinges of jazz and post-disco.
will play for a dance at the EBA Chapter House Theater Sunday. Dec. 4 The
dance. which is set from 8-12 pm. is a benefit for the Knolls Action Project.

A group well known to area reggae enthusiats. Black Sheep features Moata
Kenyatta from Barbadoes. songwriter and bassist: Ambedwele Alexander from
Trinidad. vocalist and percussionist: Kibwe .lelani from Trinidad lead vocalist
and rhythm guitarist; lsa Abdullah from Philadelphia. Pa .
keyboard player; Doniez Dokor i laritli from Raleigh. NC .saxopirone and flute
player. vocalist; and lshmael Michael Sealy. drummer and vocalist.

Proceeds from the dance will be used to pay the cost of printing leaflets and
keeping a part-time KAP staff person General admission to the dance is $5; for
people with limited or fixed incomes. the cost is $3. Tickets are available at the
Social Action Center and Boulevard Bookstore in Albany. Earthly Delights
Natural Foods in Schenectady: and (Term Natural Foods in Troy

songwriter and

Tickets will

EBA Chapter House Theater is located at 351 Hudson Avenue. on the corner

 

 
   
 

OKAY‘THIS is A STICK or!
GIVE ME THE MONEY 0R
SHOOT You!

 

   
 
 
 

\/

 UN 174' E

3"

MI ATtolifl
if?“

 

   
   
    

    
  
  
   
   

‘LL f
HEYrYOU DID
THAT PERFECT.

2 LAST WEEK HE COULDN‘T SAY

WELL I HAVE BEEN
PRACTICiNG SiNcE

NOVEMBER 22. 1953

Since graffiti is a very opinionated medium
1 can find humor in such vicious lines
Likewise. a (‘51 major would enjoy reading
"Computer Science bytes" ~— lirrsrriess Ad.
ministration. Psych majors can relate to.
"There once was a naive young iyke. who
decided to major in psych 11y this were his
spirits buoyed. little did he know he would
be unemployed" -— Social Science

The most popular message also had [in
antheducation theme Six times i err.
countered arrows pointing lo the tailor
paper. and written above [from red,
"SUNYA Degrees. Please take one"
Campus Center

When it comes to politics. everyone in;
an opinion. Some theories are my mum.
"We cannot change unless wr- Hlttvit’t‘. liiil
we will trot survive unless we tltrttigc" »
Campus Center. Sounds like a \‘attrtlititt till
the "chicken or the egg" theme (lilit‘h‘ don't
leave rnucir to the imagination "Now ISllit'
time to drown all the Arabs In lltt‘lt oii "i’uri
try. the time to do that was 10755. during the
energy crisis.

The best volleys fired til the own.) at
political graffiti are written iii the l.fll1titltott
building. One patlcular exr ll-ilttir‘ shtilt'tl
with a provocative thought. rtttll “tin ltrllii'rk
ed by other people (iriirg ink .tttous to tjr‘l
their two cents iir. “if you try and llt'l'li' llli‘
nuclear arms itr this country. llll'lt you lir'lit't
start taking Russian language ioiiiws'" \trn
supported by: “God. guns. and grit» litriilt'
America beautiful!" which was rtlliti l\L‘(l ioth
“Don't be satisfied with your [It'itliitl ltiii
guy. There are always ways to tlli|tl|i\t' "

“This wall has potential. than h-i II tliiitii
write on it" ~ Campus Center litiillili i~ ltt‘
quently its own subject. i"oi t‘ntiiijllt‘ it.
who erases graffiti shall be tin-uni“ t .iiir
pus Center. Terrifying threat» lll’.t' llil‘r mutt
perpetuate graffiti forever "l tori. irriirrihiim
seems to me that people who rillt'ittl [\lliiilii,
write such Infantile remarks or. ltrllllttttilit
walls." Graffiti fans everywhere «an tllt‘i‘i

the scrawled reply to this hit of Na \[ilir'iilv i

guess you too are 1l(l|ttiltr|i‘i‘ ‘wn
Science.

"Do not deface this wall with st‘lt‘ir’lt‘sN
graffiti" — Campus Center \k‘liwrlivi or w

graffiti is senseless i5 llti' opinion of ti..
render. it is arguable that stir it .i tli‘.l’|sr’tlil
lcction of opinions and attrtiirlin. illijiltt'.t‘\
the wall it is written on (llilllili tt‘llrliltlh
helps pass the tinre spent t').|ii’lltitl '.‘.ii\lt'
wiretlrer it he in conrptisnig or rruiiling llil‘
first floor bathroom of the l’liynu. iiiirlihiiri
contains a fitting conclusion to rhi» drum"
5luti "Educated people (llt trot lilI‘ - iii rialh

 

HIS ROBBERY SPEECH AND new
His DELIVERY tS FLAWLESS.

  
   
  

   

LAST ATTEMPT.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

—- m. \\~L\‘\1\\\\~> -.\s

 THAT SOMETHING‘S GONE
WRONG HERE?

 

HY DO I GET THE FEELING.

 

 

 

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 22. IQSSWA‘SPECTSQN TUESDAY 9
Uncovering The Rolling Stones

rom the start. the Stones have pissed
F people off with their releases. in

1963. the song “it's All Over Now"
was banned from the airwaves for having the
word “half-ass" in it. in 1968. the critics ban-
ned “Let's Spend the Night Together" for be-
tng too suggestive. 1968': “Street Fighting
Man" was banned from the stores because
authorities thought it would incite riots. The
release of Beggars Banquet'that same year
was delayed for three months because the
record company thought the original cover.
a graffitti-rtdden bathroom. was too offen-
sive.

Tony Silber

More Controversy. The song “Star Star"
(aka. Starfucker) was banned from the air-
waves in 1973. in 1976. a poster advertising
the Black and Blue album was rightly attack-
ed as an ugly form of sexism.

in 1978. Some Girls was attacked by
blacks because of Jagger's saltcious reference
to what black girls want to do all night. arrc
by the various celebrities whose faces gracer
the cover.

Willi their latest release Undercover. tlii
Stones have returned to theI hunrorless sex-
ism of their past. The cover depicts a woman
assistant to a tiragician. naked. with stickers
covering part5 rrf her body. To further etn~
pliasim the image of this woman as asexual
object. her head is trot included on the
cover.

Another controversy surrounding the
album is the video of the single “Undercover
of the Night" it depicts the political strife in
l.ritin Ariierica. with Mick Jagger playing
both of the good guys. and Keith lliclrarrls
playing the leader of a death squad. The
video. like the song. I'i quite violent. and has
been banned in iitrrope.

Despite all this. the album. their 23rd. is
very good. As Exile on Main Street was a

 

 

“This band is what rock and
roll should be: not crunching,
crashing, screeching heavy
metal, not Paul McCartney
pop, not faceless corporate
formula rock, like Journey,
REO Speedwagon, or Styx.’

progression from Sticky Fingers. Undercover
takes the Blues and R and B roots of Tattoo
You and develops them even further. The
album is raw and bluesy. and in many cases
less accessible than 'l‘oitoo You.

Otre of the most remarkable things about
the Stories is that even after 2] years. they
haven't developed into a hand that follows a
tried and trite formula. a corporate rock
band. Although they certainly have their
own style. it is manifested differently on each
album. Tire only constant is the quality of
triusiciarrship and strigiirg. which. excepting
the seventies doldrurrrs period (which ended
with Some Girls in 1978). has been superb.

lf Utirfcrcouer is not the best album since
the Stones' spectacular return to creativity. it
definitely reaffirms it. After almost a full year
on the road. the band went into the studio to
record this album. and it shows. They‘ve
never been tighter; this is a collective effort.
with every member at the peak of prowess.
and the lyrics are filled with an Intensity
which hasn't been felt since Exile on Main
Street. Mixed in with the violence and Jag‘
ger's usual sexism is an insight and self‘
awareness Jagger sometimes has a hard time
reaching.

And. for the first time since Let It Bleed in
196‘). the Stones are overtly political.

The album opens with the single "Under-
cover of the Night." a harrowing description
of the gritty realities of the political turmoil In
Latlrr America. Rather than a concrete state-
ment. the song is a dreamvlike stream of corr-
sciousness. filled with assasination squads.
whores. soldiers. arid the conrrrion folk
caught up iii the strife.

Musically. its closest relative is "i lot Stuff."
but where “Hot Stuff‘I is pariderlng and
somewhat banal. “Undercover of the Night"

 

 

works. These two songs. along with
"Dance." “Hey Negrita." and “Miss You”
have been called the Stones' nod to disco.
but In fact are much closer to the black funk
of bands like Tower of Power and early Kool
and the Gang.

“Undercover” is much less commercial
than “Miss You" or "Start Me Up." and pro-
bany won‘t do too well as a single.

The following cut. “She was Hot." Is a
typical Jagger song along the line of "Lies."
"Summer Romance." "Let Me Go" and
“Hang Fire." it also conveys the oft-
expressed Jagger view of women as just
good lays. and seems to be an answer to
critics who derided Jagger‘s Impotentcy in
"She's So Cold." But here. the punk of
‘Summer Romance" rises somewhat emo-
tionaiy. when he wishes the woman In his
artef encounter all the best and hopes they
meet again. it makes one wonder wiretirer
Jagger really has sonre compassion or if he's

   

t e pat ctic scxist ass role ras a ways
been taken for.

With "Tie You Up (Tire Pain of Lovei.”
the album blasts off. reaching a height it will
sustain through the final cut. The song Is not
about 5&m as its title implies; it is an incisive,
often humorous look at the obsession people
have for love. When Jagger sings

"You got to work at It. stay with it
pay for it. bust your ass
lie for it. cheat for it.
pray tor it. cry for it."

we can identify with tlrai. and we agree with
him when ire sings "Looking back. cut the
crap. was It really worth the rap?" Tire whole
point Is. according to Jagger. that it's hard to
survive the pain of love. "Tie You Up" is
very high powered. right from the opening
crash of Ciiarile Watt's drums. This is the
Stones as we remember them. as we want
them. leaning into their Instruments at full
speed in a classic blues derivative. No falsel-
tos or affected hick accents for Jagger irere.
just gut wrenching. gravelly singing which

 

  

 

shows him at the peak of his talents. And
Ron Wood's blistering solo demonstrates
why the band-has been reinvigorated since
he came aboard.

Keith Richard's usual one song per album
Is titled. “Wanna Hold You." and is almost
childlike in its sentiment. Richard's songs
have always conveyed simple. basic. even
earthy emotions. which Is why i don't think
“Little T and A" was maliciously sexist.

Closing side one is a reggae-style number.
"Feel on Baby." which is the album's one
throwaway.

Side two is where the record really takes
off. hosting a slew of excellent songs.

“Two Much Blood." the opener. works on
many levels. it is startlingly gory. as Mick's
"friend" cuts up his girlfriend and eats her.
And it Is quite funny as Mick puts on the
cockney accent to talk about the Texas
chainsaw massacre. pleading “Oh no. don't
saw off me leg." Finally. if one ignores the
lyrics. It makes for a great dance tune.

ote

re next song ls anotrr retu I
Siorres' roots. “Pretty beat up." chant
Richards and Wood. as Mick screatns that
his face is a mess to the rytlrrrrrr of a great Bo
Diddley beat.

On “Too Tougir." the Stones answer
"Beast of Borden's" question. “am | tough
enough?" with an emphatic yes. "i don't
think you ever knew what you'd bitten off."
Jagger sings. "but In the end you spat me
out. you could not chew me up." The
violence returns here as well. with Jagger
dreaming of his antagonist in the kitchen
with a knife poised above her head.

On "All the Way Down." Jagger returns to
the self-awareness of "Black Ltnrosine" with
an honest amalgam of bitterness atrd
wistfulness. Although he derides the woman
in the song as still being a slut. ire admits
she's still there when ire closes his eyes. And
he shows a recognition of what ire has often
been attacked for when ire sings. "l was
King. Mr. Cool. just a snotty little fool. (like
kids are irowl."

 

 

r The album closes with its tour de force. "it
Must be Hell." a rousing anthem of political
discontent. Jagger's extremely provocative
lyrics include a stinging attack on Reagan as
well as a soaring indictment of communism.

if Tattoo You evoked Sticky Fingers.
Undercover can be seen as being rooted in
Exile on Main Street. And like that album.
Undercover Is an archetypal rock and roll
album. another indication of why the Stones
are the greatest Incarnation of white rythmn
and blues ever. This band is what rock and
roll should be; not crunching. crashing.
screeching heavy metal. not Paul McCartney
pop. and not faceless corporate. formula
rock like Journey. REO Speedwagon. or
Styx. .

As always. the Stones are not perfect:
they lose the beat. they may be excessive in
their lyrics. their sexism often backfires. but
that Is part of their greatness. They capture
the raw disorderly energy of being human.
and that comes across in a way we can relate

 

Juce brilliant music. and they refuse to
apologize if people don't like it.

Like Tattoo You. Undercover is flawless itr
its sound. The mix is crystal clear yet retains
the necessary rough edge. For the first time
strrce 1973. the Stones have been using an
outside producer. Chris Kimsey. and their
:Iean-yet-not-too-polished sound of the past
two albums can be attributed to him.

Musically. the Stones have never been
better. As on their past three albums. they
work out of a five‘man ensemble. with oc-
casstonai additions of notable musicians on
horns and percussion. As usual. the
unheralded duo of Bill Wyman and Charlie
Watts demonstrate wiry they are the finest
rhythm section irr rock and roll. Atrd the
playing of Keith Richards and Ron Wood
has never meshed so well togetirer. As well-
produced as the album is. the Rolling Stones
still capture the raw essence of rock and roll
like no other band in the world. I]

 

 

 

