321a."-

,—.n_,.. -fs ...

—-r m»;

261;: v

 ﬂaw—,4»?

‘i
1,
jt
i
i
l
1

i.
t

 4.5,

Mgr-"Mia ‘ , o:- .

 

 

m‘f‘fM. N .E .

~A_ .. “sac.

 

 

 

,5 s...“ .

 

“ohm. M .._,,

 

 

 

 

 

as.“ w.“ w. m

 

l

 

By ERIC NAGLER and
KEITH MARDER

For over 100 years great moments have been
common occurrences at Saratoga. During the
month of August each-year this small upstate
town turns into a major resort area that features
great horse racing by day, and a night life se-
cond tonone.

Saratoga racing is highlighted by the Travers
Stakes (known to many as the 'Midsummer Der-
by’), America’s oldest continually run race.

The racetrack has featured such racing upsets
as Mano War suffering the only defeat of his
career in the 1919 Sanford; Jim .Dandy beating

" «Triple'Cran-winner Gallant Fox in the 1930
Travers at the odds of 100-1: in the 1973
Whitney, Triple Crown winner Secretariat was
upset by Onion; last year Conquistador Cielo
lost the ﬁnal start of his Horse of the Year cam-
paign in the Travers. It is upsets such as these
that- has earned Saratoga the nickname as "The
Graveyard of Favorites.” "

However, Saratoga is also famous for its
showcasing of such future champions as
Whirlaway, the 194] Triple Crown winner, who
won the 1940 Hopeful Stakes; and Secretariat,
whoalso rose to national prominence with a vic-
tory in the 1972 Sanford. The 1977 Hopeful was
the first of a series of dramatic stretch duels bet-
ween Aftirmed and Alydar; Affirmed earned a
narrow Victory that day in the same fashion that
he would in the next year’s Triple Crown events.

During the most recent meet Devil’s Bag won

his racing debut. Devil's Bag is a lock to be this
year's two year old champion and he is also get-
tIng serious consideration for Horse of the Year
honors. Considered an odds-on favorite to win
next year's Kentucky Derby, many experts have
even penciled him in as the twelfth Triple Crown
Winner.

Saratoga features everything a person could
ever ask for. For the young there is dancing at
the Rafters, concerts at Saratoga Performing Arts
Center (SPAC), which has been the showcase of
such famous groups as The Who and The
Grateful Dead, and the bars on Caroline Street
that are standing room only throughout the
meeting. For the wealthy there is fine dining, the
orchestra, and the horse sales, where this year a
son of Spectacular Bid sold for $3,000,000. As if
the atmosphere wasn’t enough to rejuvenate the
old, there are the famous Saratoga mineral

  

4f SPURS, 'Defce‘mber,.ALBANY STUDENT PRESS [:1 DECEMBER 6, i983.

aratoga: The August pl 9 to be, for eVerVDOdV

baths, which some people consider to be the
fountain of youth.

You hate to use the cliche, but Saratoga is tru-
ly a 24-hour town.For one month a year, day in
and day out Saratoga is a lifestyle that must be
experienced by all.

For those of you that have never been there,
here is a typical August day in Saratoga:

5:30 a.m.-10:00 a.m. — On the backstretch the
help begins showing up as they prepare the
horses for a day’s training; just as athletes train
so does the thoroughbred. Grooms then begin
cleaning off the horses and saddling them up as
the exercise riders and trainers discuss the mor-
ning activites planned for the horses. A horse
may have an easy morning gallop or have a
workout, which is timed by the Daily Racing
Form and published for the public. During the
next four hours trainers will be sending their
horses out to the racetrack in small groups. As
the new horses head out to the track those retur-
ning to the barn will receive their daily bath and

~ ‘Wlll be walked around for approximately one

half hour to allow them to cool )ff before return-
ing to their stalls. This is also the time that the
media is running around looking for a story
while jockey agents are trying to hustle up future
afternoon mounts for their clients. While it
might seem like a hard morning for everyone
the tranquility and beauty of Saratoga make it all
enjoyable way to start the day.

On the other side of the track the breakfast
crew begins to brew the coffee and crack the
eggs as they prepare to serve the large daily
breakfast crowd. Beginning at 6:30almost '5 000
people will pass through the gates to watch, the
morning workouts while enjoying a fine
saratoga breakfast. During this time the
crispness of the morning fades as the sun rises
Conversation will range from yesterday’s ri-ces
to last night’s affairs. The talk, however will be
dominated by the questions, "Who do you iike
In today's double?” or "What do you think of
the ieature?" (The feature is the day’s best race i
The breakfast crowd will also be treated to free
souvenirs, handicapping seminars by the “ex—
perts, a question and answer session con-
ducted by Marty Ryan, who also announces the
horses as they come on the track to work out
and the popular backstretch tour. This to A
allows the fans to go on a guided tour of Miler
backstretch to see a day in the life of the h '
and the backstretch employees. owes

 

l Affirmed and Alydar in their most dramatic stre

duel, the 1978 Belmont Stakes.

 

tch I

 
 
  
    
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
   

10:00 a.m.— 1:00 p.m.— As the backstretch
help finishes up its morning work and the
breakfast crowd begins to exit, the workers then
show up to prepare the track for the day's races.
During the next few hours all sorts of things will
be taking place. Hustlers -will grab the best
available spot outside of the track to peddle
anything from “expert” selections in the day’s
races to Saratoga souvenirs.

Fans begin to line up outside the gates and a- wl. -‘ '
tiently wait for the 11:00 opening as they waitpto liaillcE  0mm"
grab their own piece of Saratoga. After all, for will have all piisseiiotilmon
most Saratoga is general admission. For these another day of rziciiigwuEh

1:00 p.m.- 6:00 p.m.— By 1:00 roughly 25,000
people will have arrived at the racetrack as they
prepare to bet close to $3,000,000 on the day’s
races. As friends catch up on the latest gossip,
the betting lines begin to grow in anticipation of
the first race (post time 1:30). Here people can
bet as little as one dollar or as much as they have
in their pocket on the horse of their choice.
Whether it's onedollar or one thousand dollars,
the joy is still in picking a winner. Those who
won will then say, “I told you so,” and those
who lost will have to wait until the next race.
How they make their selections will be

people, lunch usuallym '
adding to the rustic trail“
Will be having a leisriielml0
one of Saratoga's riiaynu
browsing in some olthrqu
be those who need togiib
or relax on beautiful Sai
there will be those who ha
off and are just iollingoui

a picnic basket
-. ratoga. Others
ack home or in
restaurants or
ops. There will
hours of sleep
Lake. Finally,
n the morning
ed. No matter
ctivity, they all
bout 1:00 they
turnstiles to see

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 
  

 

    

fiat Albany, but to
Der- ,.

roughoutthewlnter» ‘
Dies! don't develop \

but thisbrother of ' 3
’thhe racetrack.

a debut In the

fastest 7 furlongs,

     
   

I. to _
from 5110‘ ing ills the _

  
 

is last scheduled start
55 if he makes it
s it per Woody
blatant with Cons

 
   

 

 

 

DECEMBER 6, 1983 o ALBANY STUDENT PRESS' 

something to debate all day. Some bet on the
jockey in blue, while others will use complex
systems. But, you can be sure of one thing: there
will always be the

should-have, could-have, and
would haves. As Oscar Madison said on the Odd
Couple, "That’s why they call it gambling.”

in between races it will be another case of do-
your-own thing. The children will chase their
favorite jockeys and hound them for
autographs, as Saratoga is the only track in the
country where the jockey walks through the
crowd to get to his horses. As for the adults,
some will share stories and opinions over drinks
at the famous Jim Dandy bar (named after the
1930 Travers winner). Others will do their
socializing at the concession stands or out back
under the beautiful Saratoga Oak trees. The
more serious race-goer will be studying his
figures on the upcoming races.

One thing that everyone appreciates is wat-
ching the horses being saddled under the
beautiful trees where they can get so close to the
horses that they can actually touch them. As.‘
post time nears, the fans will pack the rail and
the grandstand or crowd around one of the
television monitors when the voice of track an-
nouncer Marshall Cassidy bellows over the loud
speaker, "it is now post time, they’re all in line,
they’re off..." The excitement reaches .1 hiin
point. This is the scene at Saratoga nine times a
day. six days a week.

After the final race, the crowd files out with
the winners looking forward to tomorrow when
they can further increase their bankroll, while
the losers hope to recoup their losses. Foremost
on everybody's mind is dinner and the night life.
6:00 p.m.— 10:30 p.m.— As the crowd
disperses there will he a variety of places to go.
Some, believe it or not, have not had enough
racing and take in 10 more races at the trotting
track. Many walk across the street to Siro’s for a
couple of drinks and to listen to their live jazz
band while reminiscing about the day's races. A
common alibi for this activity is that they were

just waiting for the traffic to subside. Others will
rush to their favorite restaurants such as Lillian's
or Tradewinds while hoping to get their names
on the waiting list before it grows too long. Dur-
ing the month a three hour wait at Lillian’s is not
uncommon, but, as everyone will agree, the
food is worth it. There will also be those heading

to SPAC for the night’s concert.
Those who have rented a house for the month

 

may want to have a backyard barbecue. Still
others use this time to steal a few hours of sleep.
All in all, it is a time to relax, unwind, and catch
a second wind before heading out for the night’s
events. '

10:30 p.m.- 4:00 am. — After catching their
breath and finishing their dinner, many people
will go from party to party where the drinks are
free and the faces have a name. Others choose
the barscene of Caroline St. and Broadway. This
is a time when differences are forgotten, old
friends are reunited, and new friendships begin.
It is also a time when the winners buy drinks to
celebrate victory and lift the spirits of the day’s
losers. For there is always the next day in horse
racing. Today's winners realize that tomorrow
the roles may be reversed and it may be their
friends celebrating and them in need ofan uplif-
ting.

Whether it be at the parties or the bars, after a
few hours of drinking and socializing the
ultimate destination for,most will be the Rafters.
it is especially ‘great in the summer time. A
favorite meeting place is the Rafters patio
overlooking Saratoga Lake and featuring the
strawberry daquiri bar. Drinking and joking
among friends in the cool Saratoga night is an
activity loved by all until the sounds of such
songs as “Safety Dance" and "Beat it" pull you
out to the already-crowded dance floor. it is
here that you can dance side by side with a rac-
ing superstar such as Angel Cordero, or stars of
the future such as Siobian O’Hara and Marjorie
Clayton. After dancing most of the night away
and the crowd begins to thin out, you realize
that another day is about to end. The only thing
left to decide is whether to get breakfast or a
couple hours of sleep before the vicious cycle
begins again.

The only negative aspect of a Saratoga clay is
that it only has 24 hours. However. we are
thankful for Tuesdays when there isn't any
thoroughbred racing. It's a day when some of
the fans can catch up on the latest about Luke
and Laura on General Hospital and the rest of
their favorite soap operas, and for the rest to go
fishing if they wish. It’s a day when you can
head north to Lake George or just catch up on
your sleep. People don't despair because tomor—
row is another typical day. In 1984 it all starts
Wednesday, August 1 and runs through Mon-
day, August 27. No excuse is a good excuse to

niss Saratoga; it's truly the August place to be. I;

 

 

, Exciting thoroughbred action such as this can be seen
at Saratoga Racetrack 9 times a day, 6 days a week
every August.

 

 

