  

aspects on tuesday

12

N“ P‘x'ﬂb

Mouser-

 

 

 

N CW The Fun Starts

as. It's April again and a young
’nan's fancy turns to baseball.

After a full month of being entic-
ed by Spring Training results. each antJ
every American citizen is more than ready
to hear the hallowed words “play ball"
once more. However. with the arrival of
baseball each spring comes a conflict that
2ach individual must wrestle with In lils
mind. Is it better to watch the Mets' open-
ing day game at Shea or in the comfort of
your own living room?

5".“  '4" ' c 
imfhrlsll'ol‘sidine
' i

 

 

After having witnessed the triumphant
return of Tom Seaver and his mates from
our seats In section 29. row 9 of the mez-
zanine. we must ask ourselves this question
one more time. We will weigh the good
and the bad. and you can draw your owtr
conclusions.

Let‘s start with transportation. To get to
Shea it Is necessary to take buses and
trains. spending upwards oi four dollars.
unless you happen to be among the
privileged few who have access to a vehi-
cle. Coming form the north fie. Rockland.
Westcliester). one nrust rise at 8 am. in
order to catch batting practice. The trek in
from the Island is far easier. allowing for
much extra sleep. The danger here is the
possibility of the fair developing a cocklness
that may cause lilrri to arrive late for the al-
fair.

On the other hand. Ifone opts to remain
at home. all he has to do is turn on the TV.
lIe down. and enjoy. The fan can roll out of
bed at 1:00 pm. eat breakfast. and still
have plenty of time to catch the pre-game
festivities at 1:30. No unpleasant train or
bus rides. no hassles - Just the sanctity of
your own home.

There's also the possibility of arriving at
the ballpark and discovering (as we did)

ourney made more money last

year than The Rolling Stones or

Tire Who did on their national
tours. Does that make them great? Not
necessarily. but their last album Escape
sold 5 3 million copies and that makes
them popular to say the least. With this
knowledge it was with trepidation that I
listened to Journey's. new album Frontiers.
Would it be. a commercial sell-out. a suc-
cess by association rather than on its own
merit? Well Jonathan Cain (former
keyboardest for The Babys) has (lone a lot
to keep Journey credible.

Megan Gray Taylor

 

Unfortunately. Journey's new frontiers
only hold out for side one of the album.
Not only is the classic Journey sound there
with the big hit single “Separate Ways". but
also a softer. really effective sound on
songs like "Send Her My Love" and
"Faithfully." Cain's songwriting ability
shows through In both these songs and
adds a needed dimension to the Journey
repertoire.

“Separate Ways" may be the big hit
single but i would cast my vote for
“Fatthtully” as the best song on the album.
Reminiscent of the love songs of Yes. this is
a touching song of a musicians life and the
love he must continually leave behind.
Lyrics like "Two strangers learn to fall/in
love again/l get the joy/Of rediscovering
you" capture that sense of love that stands
“faithfully forever." The other ‘soft' song
"Send Her My Love" Is a joint effort of
Cain and lead vocalist Steve Perry. Again
the combination of a haunting melody and
believable lyrics makes this song work. Side!
one's only real failure Is "After The Fall"
which suffers the fate of many Journey
songs ~ deadly repetition. Lyrics like “Cah't
stop laiiIn'/Heartaches callin'" should give

   
 
    
  
 
 
   
   
  

' that your seats are situated somewhere in

l the Arctic Circle. while at home you're
always assured of a good seat unless un-

i wanted guests are present. At this point.
we'd like to forewarn you of the perils of
section 29 and all adjoining sections. To
put it bluntly. don't ever sit there. There is
an overhang which severely obstructs your
view of the right field. not to mention the
total blocking out of the scoreboard due to
the angle of the seats. To add to'your
-woes. the infamous overhang impedes the
spectators' view of the fact-filled Diamond
Vision board. You must strain your neck
incessantly in order to see Bob Ballor's vital
statistics. At home. unless your mother
decides it's ttrne to vacuum the living room
during a ninth Irrnlirg Mets rally. you will
always have an unobstructed view of the
game.

The sounds you will hear at the ballpark
and in your living rootn are also in direct
contrast with each other. At Shea. you will
be assaulted by the drunken vulgailties that
spew from the pot-bellied. unslravun
hooligans who inhabit the cheaper seats.
On the other hand. what will be gracing
your 'ears while viewing at home Is the
melodious tenor of Hall of l-‘ainer Ralph
“Followed by myself" Kiner or your mother
asking you If you'd like a few hotdogs ‘
which brings us to the subject of food.

A question on which the jury Is still out Is
whether it is more enjoyable to eat ballpark
food or homemade food. At Shea. one
can purchase a jumbo frank for $1.75 or a
normal one for $1.25 and the great half
chocolate-half vanilla ice cream for 95
cents. As is well-known by all. there is
nothing like a ballpark frank. not even one
prepared at home by your mother. Air area
in which home food has an edge. though.

is sheer quantity of selection. but even this
Is contingent on whether shopping has
been done recently. As you can see. the
choice is difficult - free access to Twinkies
or those great peanuts in the shell?

Although 48.626 Metophites ventured
out to Shea to witness Tom Seaver's return
in person. we're wondering how many of
these will opt for the comfort of their home

False Frontier

 

Side two of Frontiers is even less ex-
citing. Cain and Perry team up with Neal
Schon (lead guitarist) on all the songs ex-
cept "Back Talk" on which they worked
with Steve Smith (drummer). None of
these songs have any originality. melody or
noteworthy lyrics. This is very early, heavy
metal Journey sound rehashed to fill the
other side of what could have been their
strongest album so far. zThe’ title song
"Frontiers" is a good example of the worst
of Journey. Lyrics as forced and trite as
"We put hope in front of feat/And all the
heroes/Have gone East of Eden" are back-
ediyp by really boring music. The only sav-
Inghgrace on many of these songs is the
strong musical talent of Schon on guitar

 

you air Idea of the lack of musical variety
that accompanies them.

 

and Smith on drums. These two should
A l

 

like anyone else- most of
we'd rather have ourfeet

on the table, equipped with
Oreos while watching 114

will be times when our
sense of adventure leads
us out to Flushing.

 

 

in the future and how many will brave the
elements at Shea. As for us. we're like
anyone else - most of the time we'd rather
have out feet on the table. equipped with
Oreos while watching a Mets telecast. but
there will be times when our sense of
adventure leads us out to Flushing.

I-‘utureutston: This week. we're introduc-
ing a new feature. We've decided that It
would be proper and fitting to present air
award to that television viewer whose view-
ing stood out above that of his peers during
the course of that week. This week's

stick to the playing and leave the song

’ writing to Perry and Cain.

Someone said to me when i started this
review. “ll you've heard one Journey song
you ve. heard them all," l disagreed then
but now I'm not so sure. There is a dIstincl
similarity in the opening of “Send Her My
Love and “Troubled Child" (the only de-
cent song on the second side). There is
also a common theme of troubled love and
"individual against society" iir all their
songs. So Why has Journey been so
popular for ten years?

~ '1 beanswer ties In their ability to turn out
,omehreally exceptional work and their

‘ abilitygid grow and change. With their last

 Escape they started i

ate a
I V \_ xw ‘ more

Mgwjﬁuw

Although 48,626 Metophiles ven-
tured out to'Shea to witness Tom
Scaver's return in person,
wondering how many of these will
opt for the comfort of their home in
the future and how many will brave
the elements at Shea. Asfor us, we're

Meta telecast] but there)

  
  

one and not the backslidiiig of side two

  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 

we 're

the time

 

Richard M. Wetssberg Meiiiooot (littiiil
goes to John Michad Considini' tlulrn
- Michael was flawless in his spirits vimrrro
deflty catching each New York spirit
scaster's report at 6:00 and not iinwnii ii
single sporting event. He was also \-.-‘ll
rounded: soaps. sit-coins. and first Iiltis
were also part of his repetoire. Crrlittliitiilir
tloiis John Michael.

We'd like to apologize for not llill‘llilj Ir ltl
air article In last Friday's Aspects. brii an
were on special aslgnrnent. We will do will
darndest in the future to never repurii an I.
an atrocity.

 

 

 

 

adult contemporary sound along with ilH’"
'hard rock classics. They have changed in”
sonnel several times and with each change
gotten stronger (the most noteworiiiv
changes being Steve Perry‘s addition in
1977 and Cain's addition in 1981).

From the powerful “Chain Rear-thin"
and “Edge of the Blade" to the more stilltlt'
“Send Her My Love" and “Faltlifirliy” llii'
group Is still exparidlng and for that team in
alone Frontiers is the right title for this
album. The album was produced by llii’
dynamic duo of Mike Stone and KW“!
Elison. and the quality of this recording I~
really good. We can only hope that lllts will
not be Journey's final frontier and llirll
luture work will show the progress of rill"

 

 

 

 

 

Rock—.n—Roll Ballet

 

 

End Of The

handy symbol for Capital Reper-

tory Company's entire produc-

tion of Thornton Wilder's The
Skin 0] Our Teeth is the iriammoih
costume in Act One. Despite it tacky ex-
terior and a tendency to loosen ill the
seams. the Cap Rep production trinkes the
best of a limited budget. a wildly energetic
cost. and .r Nuclear Age topicalin to create
rr hugely entertaining version of the 1042

classic.

Andy Carroll

The S iii of Our 'l'r'i'th is Wilder's
somewhat truncated history of the world.
seen through the eyes of the George An»
trobus family. whose members are not only
larger than life. but larger than myth. Criss-
crossing religious and social paths paved by
any of a number of the world's religions.
the family broadcasts Its particular version
of the world drama — lce Age. the Great
Flood. the Garden of Eden. and the War oi
the Worlds - from their living room in Ex—
celsior. New Jersey. and from the board»
walk of Atlantic City. Father is the Great
Provider. inventor of the wheel and the
alphabet. and president of the great society
of mammals. Motlter is a firm stand-by-lris-
sider and great advocate of the sanctity of
home and family. which in her case ls over-
run by a rambunctious daughter and a son
who bears more than a passing
resemblance to a biblical character of stone
throwing. brother-keeping fame. Accom-
panying the whole brood Is the somewhat
htgh»striuig maid Sabina. who favors low
cut tops and screeching high-notes
whenever things tend to get out of hand.
which Is often.

First of all. it is the Ice Age. which Implies
all sorts of physical and psychological

  

.dangers. The family survives that

somehow. only to be threatened by a

‘ cataclysmic flood. Even a war of holocaust
V proportions can't destroy the family In this

fable. which is the whole point. Behind its
sarcasm. its black humor, and heavy-

  

 

 

r _ . a

 

handed Biblical allusions. The Skin of Our
Teeth remains a primarily optiriiisic.
tremendously theatrical cornrrrent on the
human condition. ~

if you're as baffled as the maid Sabina.
who doesn't even want to appear in a play
whose author can't decide whether he's In
the Ice Age or Suburbia. It's no surprise.
Although it won the Pulitzer in 1942 and
has remained a staple of high school drama
classes ever since. few can read it the first
llnie with anything approaching ‘clear
understanding. Like Our Town. it Is a play
to be performed. not read. When done on

»c

or every action there is an equal

F and opposite reaction." With
slight rnodlficatlon. that piece of

physics Information coulri apply to the
music trends in Britain in the last six years.
First came the punk bands (Sex Pistols.

hard-driving Rockn-Roll. There were
often heavy political messages in their
songs. and the word "fashion." to puiikers.
meant little more than mutilation of both
body and clothing. The reaction to all llil.‘
came a few years later. with the rise 0
bands like Adam and the Ants. Durar
Duran. and Spriridau Ballet. in contrast it
the punks. these bands had few or no

Robert Schneider

political messages to pass along to their
listeners. The music became richer.
layered. and more complex in addition to
performing their music. the groups often
incorporated fashion shows into their live
shoWs Eye makeup. feathers. etr iitlorn-
ed birth the bands and their fans. Soon.

 

'Art Kempf and Joan Kendall lii'Capital Rep's productio

however. people began to criticize the
l’ost-punk bonds as being little more than
glitter One heavily r‘iiticireil hand was
Spandau Ballet They recently released a
new album. Trim. illltl it proves beyond a
shadow of it doubt that they are more than
lost a passing shadow
It's the third Lf’ from the popular English
bond. following Journeys to (iioiy and
Diamond To gtvrI an extiiiiple of just how
strong a reputation the band has. ‘l‘riie
stripped Gold in England. entering the
charts at M). ~l‘wo singles from the record.
"Lifeline" and "Com'munlcatlon" have
' already gone to the Top Ten over there
They are currently on it tour of the UK.
playing to sold out houses wherever they
go. They'll be touring in the [1.5. this sum»
trier. as a fairly major tour Is in the works
Guitarist and chief songwriter Gary
Kemp has stated that Spaiidau Ballet is
primarily a dance band True bears this
out. as practically every song is danceable.
The album opens with "Communication" a
tune that is very well endowed. The first
thing we hear Is a stately Gothic organ.

ld eWs

‘ .
r

n of The Skin Of Our Teeth

stage. the Ideas flow as easily as the laughs.
That's especially true as it is performed at
Cap Rep. where director Michael Hume
has taken liberties with Wilder's script. He's
updated the Atlantic City scenes so that
they reflect the pan.:ularly decadent at-
mosphere of the modern. casino-lined
boardwalk. and added music wherever he
feels like it. He also proves adept at handl~
ing 'the large cast. the costume changes.
and the tricky production values of Cap
Rep's most ambitious project to date.
Scenic Designer Leslie Taylor has built a
l balcony againr‘ the Market Theater's front

Clash): groups that played raw. lean. but‘

which rapidly leads Into lull instrurnenta
tton. with special emphasis on the rhythm
The chorus is reminiscent of a fairly recen
Boz Scaggs song known as "Breakdown"
Fortunately. the similarity goes no further '
Perhaps the most Impressive thing abou'

Spandau Ballet is the depth and talent of it: (
lead vocalist. Tony Hadely. The man I:
blessed with an incredible voice. one which .
never grates on the nerves. In "Gold".
Hadely is‘lileially given acres of room to
I move about. Tire band steps back. allowing
him to soar to fantastic heights. What's
especially nice about this is that while his
style is smooth as silk. he never becomes
lsclitnaltzy. a trap which all too many silky
[singers fall into. In keeping with the fact
that Gary Kemp considers his band to be
dance-oriented. the lyrics are often
nonsense - "I'm sorry that the chairs are all
worn/I left them here I could have
.sworn/These are my salad days/Slowly
being eaten away "

Another big hit from the record is
"Lifeline" The song begins with a chorus
llltll mimics the Four Seasons falsetto style
Hadley sounds ll bit like Culture Club's Boy
(lounge on this one. although his voice is
much more resonant. .less Bailey does 1.
iiiriivelous jttlt on keyboards. as he does
everywhere else

('rroups like Duran Duran and ABC have
been influenced by Spriiidaii Ballet. and
Vice veisa "lr'nuird-itioii" herns more than
superficial ilEScllllilrttit‘l’ to ABC's “Poison
Arrow”. especially in the tempo and
)rickherit Most of the songs . here are
llstinctly British iir performance and
:les'ign Air exception occurs .it the begtnir
iiig of "l’ouinlatioii". where the listener is
treated to a very funky guitar and syn-
lliL'SldL'i riin It’s .i coriibinatloii of the lsley
Brothers and Rick James. mixed into
Sprrndau Ballet's own style.

it‘s very difficult to come up with any
criticisms of True. The production. shared
by Tony Swain and Steve Jolley. from
Bananararna and imagination respectively.

 

l wall. where the twiriiian band of Philip

 

is full and rich. All Spandau Ballet sets out
to do Is make you dance. And on that
note. the album is a great success. D

Stillrlllflll and J Brubbi Taylor noodles at
an organ and .i set of drums.

Down on the stage as George Aiilrobus
there's Art l\'eiripf. a bearded chap who
looks like a hefty William Windoni. He's
believable us the patriarch. toying variously
with fatherly bluster. military machismo.
and middle age vulnerability. As his wife.
«loan Kendall benefits frorri a t‘eserirblaiice
0t Nancy Reagan (at least in her' choice of
i precious outfits and cute liats) As their son
Henry. Chris Frucchiolla doesn't look quite
like anybody. with his dark. feral good
‘ looks. and the satire. barely-utidei'-tlie-
surface violence that made him so good in
this year's The Mound Builders.

The choicest role. however. belongs to
Ann Stoirey. who borrows a little from the
early Barbra Streisand in her role as
Sabina. A mixture of seductress and yenta.
she makes Sabina‘s frenetic excursions in
and out of character the eveiilng's
highlight. Stoney is a very funny woman.

It would be criminal to leave out a few
other members of the cast who have allow-
ed themselves to be put to a variety of in~
dignltles. Michael Arkirr does some
agreeably smarmy work as a boardwalk
lounge lizard. oirrg the Greek chorus
number for the better of two acts. Deborah
Van Nostrand goes from little girl to world
weary mother with remarkable dexterity.
And inside that mammoth suit (and outside
as the play's "director") ls Cap Rep veteran
Richard Zobel. demonstrating his typical
versatility (and a shadow of his occasional
abrasiveness).

The play's off-stage hero is Lloyd
Walwaiole. who has created a surprising
number of exciting costumes. The most
memorable: the “Refugee” tableau of Act

ne. '

The Skin of Our Teeth is Capital Rep's
final production" of the year. and it exhibits
the qualities that have made it so special
throughout Its previous five productions:

 

the excitement is as high as the budget is
, low. E]

aspects on tuesday'
13

P‘x'v)

w~

 

 

 

 

i.

 

