2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D NOVEMBER [.1983

WORLDWIDE .

Troops knew of plans
Beirut
(AP) A Shiite Moslem leader yesterday claim-
ed the U.S. Marine command in Beirut was
forewarned of possible attacks against the
American peacekeepers but failed to take
adequate precautions prior to the Oct. 23
track bombing.

Ohassan Siblini. a high-ranking leader of
the Amal militia. also“ joined other Shiite
leaders in warning the United States and
France not to stage reprisals against his com-
munity for the twin bombings that killed at
least 287 U.S. and French peace keeping
troops.

Siblini and Akcf Haidar. head of Amal's
political bureau. said U.S. troops would meet
stiff resistance if they attacked the Shiite-
dominated suburbs of south Beirut.

Siblini. in a statement published by the In-
dependent Belrut newspaper An-Naliar, said
the Marine command “was given warnings
from two security quarters in Lebanon a few
days before the attack that a big operation
might bestaged against them."

Quake Jolte Turkey

 Erzumm, Turkey
(AP) A powerful earthquake that rolled
through mountainous eastern Turkey killed.
at least 980 people and has left at least 25.000
homeless in freezing Weather. officials said
Monday.

The number of people seriously injured
was put at 446. Heavy rain that disrupted ef-
forts to rescue victims turned to snow In
mountain villages dcvasted by the Sunday
quake.

‘The quake destroyed at least 50 villages
and left people dead under collapsed
buildings in the townships of Horasan. Nar-
man. Paslnler and Sarikamls in the eastern
provinces of Erzurum and Kars. The martial
law command in Erzurum said not a house
was left standing In 44 villages.

Housing Ministry ofﬁcials said the worst-
hit was Horasan and its surrounding villages
with a death toll of 756. They said 147 people
in Narman also were killed. At least 77 peo-
ple were killed elsewhere.

Citizens restore order

Bridgetown. Barbados
(AP) Grenada's citizens began restoring
order to their American-occupied island
Monday. guns frotii the resistance fell silent
and the United States said the leader of the
short-lived Marxist junta was in custody on a
U.S. worship.

The American casualty toll rose to 16
dead. 77 wounded and three missing in the
Grenada invasion. which the United States
and seven of (ircnadu’s non-communist
neighbors launched Oct. 25 with the stated
ttim of rcstorirtg ordcr. protecting civilians
and evacuating foreigners who wishcd to
leave.

In Washington. White House spokesman
Larry Speakcs suid (icn; Hudson Austin. a
leader of the Io-nicmbcr PeOpIe's Revolu-
tionary Council toppled by the U.S. inva-
sion. is being held on the USS Guam oil the
Grenadian coast “for his personal protec-
tion."

Spcakcs also said U.S. invaders accidental-
ly shelled a mental hospital during the inva-
sion. The Canadian ncwsmagazinc Macleans
reported the shelling killed 47 patients. but

 

Pentagon spokeman Maj. J.R. Shields said’
the toll was “substantially lower."

NAIONI V

    

Bodies arrive In US

‘ Dover AFB. Del
(AP) A plane carrying the bodies of 15
American servicemen killed in the Beirut
bombing landed at Dover Air Force Base ear-
ly Monday. following a weekend of memorial
services for others killed in Lebanon and
Grenada.

Sgt. Daniel Devine said the plane. which
carried the bodies of 13 Marines and two
sailors from Frankfurt. West Germany, land-
ed at 1:57 pm.

One week after the terrorist attack on the
MarinesI headquarters took the lives of more
than 225 U.S. servicemcnt in Lebanon. 15 of
those men. as well as seven killed during ac-
tion in Granada. were honored Sunday in a
military ceremony-at Dover Air Force Base.

Craft cult overturned.

Kansas Cily. MOI
(AP) A f‘eflcrai judge ruled Monday that
former T anchorwoman Christine Craft
wasn't discriminated against because of her
sex. and threw out the $500,000 verdict she
won in a fraud lawsuit against her former.
employer.

Ms. Craft had claimed she was demoted
because she wasn't attractive or defcrcntial
enough to men. but U.S. District Judge:
Joseph E. Stevens Jr. ruled the Kansas City‘
TV station took action because of “her af-
ﬁnity for the beach life and her apparent in-
difference to matters of appearance." .

The judge, who had earlier upheld the jury
award of $500,000. ruled Monday that the
company's measures were "appropriate to
her unique circumstances."

Ms. Craft. 38. was demoted from her news
anchor position in August i981, She was
awarded the 5500.000 last Aug. 8 after seek-
ing $1.2 million in damages in her fraud suit
against Metromedia lnc.

 

 

r

Jackson will run
' Atlanta. GA
T e Rev. 'Jessc Jackson. demanding a
 kriovenant" picking blacks to the.
Democratic Party. organized labor and big.
business. says he will seek to become the first.
black presidential candidate nominated by a.
major party. _ ‘

The civil rights leader said he is running for:
the 1984 Democratic nomination because
blacks have an investment in the Democratic'
Party. “and we want a return on our invest--
ment."

Sunday. In a speech at Morehousc College
in Atlanta and in a taped television interview._
Jackson said he would formally announce his
candidacy on Thursday.

"We have a dual mission." he said. “One
part is to remove the repressive Reagan
regime. The other is to achieve parity.

“Our position has been that we have been
an unofﬁcial candidate in the Democratic
primaries." Jackson said. As of Thursday.‘
he said. "I expect to become an official can-
didate." '

Many of the country's black political
leaders have said they will not support
Jackson. fearing such a campaign would be
divisive. But in an interview on the CBS.
television program "60 Minutes," broadcast
Sunday night. Jackson said, "No candidate
can expect to have unanimous support from
any given community."

Asked if he would choose a female running
mate if possible. Jackson replied: “There's
no doubt about it."

STATEWIDE

\

Bond Issue opposed

Albany.

(AP) New York's leaders may be ready tol

make an honest attempt to ensure that the

state's first “Rebuild New York" bond issue
will be its last.

State Comptroller Edward Regan has been.

. claiming for months that the proposed $1.25!

 

 

billion bond issue proposal on the Nov. 81
ballot is largely necessary because of a “cut-
ting the ribbon and run"‘mentality which he
says has afflicted New York's past leaders. .

Gov. Mario-Cuomo. who authored the
bond issue. has made it clear that for too
.long New York has failed to maintain its
roads and bridges. waterways. rail lines and
airports. The bond issue is designed to begin
ldealing with the years of neglect.

Pro-gay Iaw planned

New York
(AP) Gov. Mario Cuomo says he will issue an
executive order outlawing state employment
discrimination against homosexual men and
women. according to a report in Monday‘s
New York Post.

"Gays are entitled to that as a matter of'
law. but I have not agreed on any particular
language for it." Cuomo said. The governor
said'he promised the order several times dur-
ing the campaign.

Cuomo also said two homosexuals are be-
ing appointed to state jobs. "Not because
they are gay. btit because they are qiiitlificd
for the jobs."

The governor also said he is trying to work
.out a compromise with an anti-homosexual

[group of clergymen. The Family Defense
lCoalition. that met with him on chttcsday
to argue against a homosexual rights cx-
‘ccutivc order.

Otsego man guilty

Coopers/o wn
(AP) For the second time. Ricky Knupp hm
been sentenced to 25 years to life in connec—
tion with the 1978 beating death of Oiicontii
State College student Linda Vclzy.

Knapp. who was convicted of second-
dcgrca manslaughter in September. was
sentenced as a persistent felony offender
Monday by Otsego Judge Joseph Mogavcro.

Knapp declined to comment beforc the
judge but as he left the hearing room. he
said. "1 expected it."

His defense attorney, .lolin Owen. ini-
mediatcly filed a notice of appeal after the
sentencing. his the second time Knapp has
appealed the conviction in the Velzy case.

 

 

    

   

Community Service Registration
. will be held on Tuesday. Nov. 1
through Thursday, Nov. 8 from 10
am to 4 pm between LC :1 and 4.

The Central American Peace

Association (CAPA) will hold a

meeting on Wednesday. Nov. 2 at
7:30 pm In Campus Center 357.

Delta Sigma Pi will sponsor a
presentation entitled. "Dress for
Success" on Tuesday, Nov. 1 at 7:80
pm In LC 20.

The corms Circle x will hold an in-
formational meeting on Wednes-
day. Nov. 2 at 7:30 pm in Business
Administatlon 213. All students are

IEVENTS

bin at 457.4932,

v Invited to atte‘nd.

Who's Who nominations and sell-
nomlnattone are due in Administra:
tion 129 on Friday. Nov. 4 at 5 pm,
For more Information call Alice Cor-

Women'e Studies Program presents
a research on women colloquium
entitled "Federal Affirmative Action
under the Reagan Administration"
on Wednesday. Nov. 2 at 12:15 pm
in Humanities 364. Carolyn Ban will
present the lecture. '

Volunteer: to work In England this
summer are urged to attend an In-
terest meeting on Thursday. Nov. 3
at 6:30 pm In Campus Center 357.
For more Information call Pat Doyle

at 43843096.

“Pretcrring Text

SUNYA English Department
presents Joseph N. Riddei, Pro
lessor of English at UCLA who will
speak on Thursday. Nov. 3 at 4 pm
In Humanities 354. The lecture
to Glace:
Metaphorlc America" will deal with
a range of American writers.

Jawbone Reading Series will
feature Professor Donald Byrd
reading from his two forthcoming
books. on Thursday. Nov. 3 at 12
noon in Humanities 354. All are in-
vlted.

The Cdpitll District Woman'a
Political Caucus will hold a meeting
on Tuesday. Nov. 1 at the Albany
Public Library. 161 Washington Ave.
In Albany. Guest speaker will be
Harriet Katz. Deputy Counsel at.
New York State Department of
Health. _

 

 

 

NOVEMBER [.1983 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3 .

 

Computer whiz shows need for better Seourity

 

By Gall Merrell

ASPECT“ EDITOR

 

As a result of his alleged activities as a
computer hacker. Edward L. Ravin was told
to surrender his home computer to the
Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) agents
on October 12. Search warrant in hand. the
FBI combed Ravin‘s Wellington Hotel room
after deciding that the room was the source
of “abnormal activity" in General
Telephone and Electronic's (GTE) TcIe-mail
system. said GTE's Manager of Public Al‘-
fairs Claudia Houston.

This wasn‘t tlic first time that Ravin. ti
teaching assistant in the computer science
department. had broken into a priority corn-
putcr system. according to a manager in the
Systems Departcnt in SUNYA's Computer
Center. Approximately a year and a half ago.
Ritvin was discovered snooping around in
SUNYA's account system.

The account system is primarily used by
teaching assistants in Computer Science
classes to issue accounts to their students and
to allocate 'funny rnoncy' into those ac-
counts. It would huvc been possible to get the
account numbcr and aliases of someone who
used tltc system. enuhlliig an intruder to look
at or “iidiiltcrntc the data in a student's file"
explained the systems manager.

“About March or April of '82. Ed had
broken into the accounting system." noted
Ilic ntttniigcr. who asked not to bc identified.
“llc wasn't able to change grades. and lie
couldn't access 11 cash customer‘s account.
Whenever you do anything to the account
proccssor. this information gcts recorded on-
to tiip ,." llc notcd tliiit the tapcsurc big and
it tiikcs ti lot 01' titttc to look through them.
“It took a wccks worth of work and $2.000
worth of cotiipiiicr liiiic to ﬁnd out what he‘d
donc." Iic siiitl.

The manager rcftiscd to spccify what
diiiiiiigc liiivin Iiiid donc. wlicti ltc broke into
the systcni iii Spring of 1982.

As to why Itc would have wanted to break
into student accounts. the systciits iiiitnttgcr
said. “hc's ti smart guy and lie ttcccpts
t.'\’t‘l'y|lllllg as it cltullcitgc. wliclltcr or not it's
supposed to bc."

As it result of“ Raiviii's intrusion. tllld tlic
possiliilty oi' sitiiilur Iiicnk-iiis. grciil puins
Ituvc bccti made to secure tltc accounts
system. “Now they can only be accessed
fioiitonc lcrniiiiul with otic account nuiiibcr.
between 9 11.1". and 5 p.m.." He explained
tliiit onc program checks ovci' cvcry piece of
dutii put in. “This iitctiiis Iliiit H00 lines of
security code -— If) to 15 pct cent of tlic codc
thiit the machine is ctipiiblc of storing ~ iirc
bciiig ticil tip“ for security provisions. siiitl
tlic tiiiiiiugcr.

“Now. when anything goes wrong with tlic
system. the Iiclls ring oil the consoles (in the
computer room at thc cctitcr)." If an
authorich person wants to use the system at
it timc other tltuii thc tiilOlL‘ti time. they would
llttVL‘ to call someone tip and ltilvt: them come
down to tltc Computer Center and ttirti oti a
number of switches. Then. that person could
type in their user l.l).. password and account
number I'roiii their Iiomc terminal. the
manager explained. The password is always
being changed. the manugcr noted. Tlic
maniigcr said that although constantly tip-

 

Gay discrimination policy is

 

ll an Betz
(‘UN'I'RIIIUTINU EDITOR

 

The State University Board of Trustees up-
pi'oved it policy Wednesday prohibiting
discrimination against gays and lesbians.

The resolution. prepared by an nd-hoc
cotnmittcc of SUNY administrators. said
“Attitudes. practices and preferences of in-
dividuals that life essentially personal in
nature. such as privntc expression or sexual
orientation. are iiiircltitcd to performances
and provide no basis for judgement.

i "The Board of 'l‘rustccs cxpccts till Stutc
University CillilpllbL‘S to implement this policy
of fair trcittiiiciit." tltc bottrd said.

The policy will be enforced by local cum-
puscs through vice presidents for student af-
fairs and public safety offices. said Dr. James
Smoot. vice chancellor for employee rela-
tions and cdiicutioniil services. A similar
policy has been in place ill Albany since May

 

 

 

 

FBI agents conducted " " rslds
Computer "hacking" seen as a challenge.
dating the program and installing an alarm
system tire both expensive and time-
consuming. lic feels that it is very important.
because "state agencies use this system and
they wouldn‘t appreciate people going

through their lilcs."

Ed 'Ravin has demonstrated. that extra
steps must be taken in securing computer
privacy; iii wlttit (i’l‘li describes as their
“monthly iiiitintcntincc" they subjected their
files to "statistical analysis of traffic piit-
tcriis." Houston said. This method is onc of
brute force. howcvcr. cl‘fcctivc only when
usage is conccntrulcd iii a specific
gcographicul tirca.

llouston stated that TClC-lililil was unhap-
py with Iltc results of their initial search. so
they “conducted their own ‘intcrnitl in—
vcsligtitions'." thii tiskcd if those iti-
vcstigiitivc tccltiiiqiics would include reading
the ciistoiiicr's iiiitil i‘ilcs. Houston 5 I that
she didn't think that that would bc nc ssary.
When their “internal investigations proved
positive. the Hit was brought in." Houston
tidiiiittcd lllill she was unsure ltow the Pill
was able to' ascertain that tile dittti files Iiad
bccii touchcd without tltc privulc tlttttt files
bciitg read.

Among those tcriiiiriiils sci/ed iii the ()c-
tohcr 12 and 13 Fill filltlh was it Hctttlikil
home computer belonging to the SUNY
Stonybrook campus radio station. The coin-
piitcr was the personal propcrty of 26-ycar-
old Frank Btirgcrt. ti pttrt-titnc
undergraduate student who also scrch as
WUSll's chief engineer.

Rttvin's and litirgcrt's computers were con-
fiscated along with 15 others as tltc result of
the 15 raids conducted by the FBI. No indict-
ments have been made in response to tlic
raids. although FBI officials have said that
they havc evidence that the computers seized
tappcd into GTE‘s data files.

l-Iouston said that the TcIc-mail system.
whose operation is based in Virginia. is

   
  

1980.

“This is a premier policy in the country.
It's legally one of the best nationwide." said
James Tierney. member of the Board of
Trustees and president of the Student
Association of the State University.

The policy is part of ti raised consciousness
on campuses about gay and lesbian issues.
said Ticriicy.

“A few years ago. only a few campuses
littd lesbian and gay student groups. Now.
almost every campus has a group." he said.

Enforcement oi' the policy through univer-
sity campuses will be important. Tierney
said. but publication of the policy in SUNY
manuals and handbooks will strengthen the
non-discrimination statement.

“A guy student in hiin school can read this
policy and say ‘If I go to SUNY I can't be
discriminated against.‘ " he said.

Rod Silver. president of Albany's Guy and

ED MARUBSICN UPS

password protected. “After three unsuc-
cessful attempts to enter a password that the
computer is familiar with. the system will
disconnect.” she said. Houston asserted that
the system was designed to be “very
private."

Iloustoii feels that electronic mail systems
are “essential supplements to businesses."
She is especially proud of thc conveniencc of
TcIc-miiil. noting thc instantaneous
triinsfcral of iiicsstigcs. and the fact lllltl their
prices are "not sensitive to distance."

licsidcs comiiierciiil clcctronic mail systems
Iikc ’l‘cIc-niail. there me also mail systems
designed for casual use. SUNYA's mail pro-
cessor is one of those systems. “It‘s
understood tltut someone clsc could sign on.
it‘s not restricted." explained Robert

~ Iliirgcss. Manager of' Networking Scrviccs in
SUNYA'S Computer Center. “The c0ttvc~

V be reassembled at a later point.

nience of our mailing processor is
unbelievable. Even after the sender signs off
the system. the processor will save all of your
messages for you until the next time you sign
on again."

Burgess also feels very positive about the
convenience of electronic mail. “A number
of the larger companies are doing it. because
it's a cost saver. Although it's an expensive
add-on (one must buy terminals, maintain
phone lines). the initial purchases can be
balanced against the cost of other com-
munication expenses."

' There have been some security problems
with electronic mail. according to some ex-
perts. "All computer security is ii trade-off."
said the systems manager who wished to not
be identified. "The machine (computer) has
just so many procedure cycles available to
itself."to complete whatever tasks it is given.
"If we have security. we're using those cycles
to do all kinds of checks. But if we have no

' security. the machine can do all it has to."

One solution to using up valuable software
space for the sake of document security is us-
ing hardware combined with software to do
the job. This is the type of system that

,Marine Midland uses to protect their

Moneymatic cards. The Moneymatic card is
inserted into the hardware end of the ter-
minal. The magnetic strip on the card gets
scanned and later matched to Hit: identifica-
tion code that the customer types in. The
scanning ttnd the matching are handled by
software.

Other security options are more com-
plicatcd. “It is possible for code to be
fragmented by a multiplexer. with parts of it
being sent over different lines (parallel.
microwave. satellite). Then. the code could
" explained
the systems manager. To do this. however.
several tap lines must be used at once. and an
expansive knowledge of that computer's tim-

- ing system would be neccssary.

Whilc security systems use up valuable

- computer time. space and money. it is now

apparent that they are necessary if we are to

maintain privacy within the realm of coni-
putcrs.

Grenada haunts officials

ll’ux/iiIUUOII, D. C‘.
(AP) The Aincrican~|ed occupation of

' iidii began its sccond wcck today with
iiils hopeful that U.S. brittlcl'icld stic-
ccsscs are not overshadowed by accidents iiiitl
public relations setbacks that have huuntcd
the operation since the beginning.

Grass roots support for Prcsidcnt Rcugtiti's
policies on the island tippcurcd to remain
substantial btit officials acknowledged Mort-
day there had been disappointments.

Thc Dcfcnsc Department. after grccting in-
itial reports with skcpticism. ackowlcdged
Monday that a U.S. bomber trying to knock
out artillcry fire on the first day of the inva~
sion struck a civilian mental hospital. leaving
a reported 14 dead. The attack occurrcd three
days before dcfcnsc officials boasted no
civilians were killed in the invasion.

approved

Lesbian Alliance. said “We applaud the
iiourd of Trustee‘s actions to implement a
statewide policy statement." but added that
;activists felt it was not sufficient.

  

“The trouble is to find a way of enforce-
ment." Silver said. “At Albany, it's enforced
through tlic student affairs offices for
students or tiic personnel management office
for professors." he said. “We would like it
to be enforced through the affirmative action
office." he added.

Silver said the policy statement “won't
change things overnight." but that it was ini-
portaiit that the trustees scc gay and lesbian
rights as “a civil rights action. not just
political."

Although he said enforcement of Albany‘s
policy was “not adequate." he conceded that
“it makes things a little more comfortable. It
gives us a leg to stand on.“ C]

Wotintlctl Army troops brought to Walter
RCCti Medical Center said I9 soldicrs wcrc iii-
jiircd bccrtuse an American pliiiic ctillcd in
for an air stikc liil their building inslctttl ofiin
cncmy tiirgct. The li’rlxliinglon Post in
today's cditioiis quotctl tinidcntificd Pcn-
itigoii sources as saying that scvcrztl Army
Rangers wcrc killcd and scvcrul others were
injured when two U.S. liclicoptcrs collided.
tiiid fottr Navy Seals in ii commando unit
tlrowncd in ii prc-invasion accidcnt.

Also. Lcslic A. Janks. citing the handling
of information about the invasion. has quit
its White House prcss oil'iccr specializing in
foreign policy. climtixiiig ti week of confron-
tations between official spokesmen and
reporters over lack of news about the inva-
sion and reporters' lack of access to Grenada
to report on thc fighting.

The American Society of Newspaper
Editors. meeting in Lexington. Ky.. lodged a
protest with tile Pentagon ovcr its refusal to
permit reporters to cover initial stagcs of the
Grenada invasion.

The administration also has had to con-
front widespread intcrnatioiial condemna-
tion of the invasion.

Still. the operation appeared to have tltc
solid backing of the American voters. Polls
indicated margins of ii-to-l or more in stip-
port of the action.

The administration was hoping its case
would be further bolstered once it releases
stacks of" Cuban and Grcnitdian secret
documents that were uncovered (luring the
invasion.

U.S. officials, speaking privately Monday.
said they had evidence frorti the documents
that the Soviet Union planned to providc
military training for Grenadian soldiers.

The administration has emphasized that
Grenada's deposed leftist government had
been accumulating far more weaponry titan
needed for defense and in the process forging
ever-closer ties to the Cubans and Soviets. D

 

