 

 

 

 

  

There will be another
very important
Italian American
Student Association
meeting '
'I'OIIIGI-I'I'

(G 313 1:30pm

Last meeting of the semester!
SA FUNDED

    
   
 

res-M“; '

 
 
  

 
 

iron—‘9...“

   

a: vie-:4:

  
  

wig.

    
 
 

 

WOMEN ’8 CAREER
SEMINAR

A Program Designed for Graduating Women Seniors

 

FEATURING: First Job Skills. Insights, and Survival
Tips

BE BETTER PREPARED FOR LIFE AFTER SUl‘lYA
Tuesday, May 3rd 7:00pm
Campus Center Assembly Hall

Sponsored by the Women's Concerns Committee of
the University Commission for Affirmative Action

 

 

State University of New York at Albany

President’s Lectureship Series

1982-1983

presents

Ir. laeob Goldberg

 

 

Persian Gulf Des!
Shiloan Institute

and

Dr. Ralph Sehoenman
[gander and Director

M's-M
W

theme

“The Middle-East Peace Process:
The Historical Foundation”

Date

Wednesday, April 27, 1983

7:30p.m.

Time
9:30p.m.

Plgce

Performing Arts: Recital Hall

_ Refreshments Served

 

 

i Arabian

All Invited )

l

 

 

I

 

SOPHOHORES
and even

 

 

Peter Sellers

University cinemas

Thurs

BlllT REYNOLDS
‘.‘..TllE LONGEST lilllll"

April 28

Ni”

Fri Sat

 

 

.  rnlrsnrttznsons
 Before it’s too late!
l 4; Order your 1983
 Torch Yearbook.

Only $7.
CC Lobby 4/ 25-4/ 29

.......0...................0..........0......0. .

 

$.................ADOOOOOCI........O...................... ........ ..........

 

f.............. .0....................

 

   

 

AN

AND

GENTLEMAN

_\

OFFICER
A

April 29,30

 

'I'he
Sword and
the Sorcerer

 

1:30 &l.:..

 

$l.50 w/tax
$2.00 w/out

 

 . .umlymthwmm am am

SA FUNDED
X‘MWW

 

 

   
  
    

   

APRIL 26. 1983 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 7

l-rt

Plight of refuseniks related b visitOr to USSR

 

By Bob Gardlnler
.r'mI-r warren
Ah

Tltey were followed everywhere they went.
Their hotel room was bugged and their lug-
gage was searched, often several times a day.

Danny Gordis. a student ofthe Rabbinical
Jewish Theological Seminary. described his
:xperienccs before a small attdiertce in LC 22
last night as he showed slides of Jewish
families which he rtrrd his wife Beth located in
Rttssia.

Under the guise of tourists. the (iordls'
spent two weeks this past January in three
Russian cities. searcltirrg ottt Russian .lewish
dissidents and their families.

“The Russian Jewish people are helpless."
said (iot'dis. “They ltrtvc lost all hope that
they will ever leave Russia."

In rt tertse journey that took lltcttt to
Moscow. Kiev. and Odessa, (lordis described
families who ltavc often beert rcdttccd front
high level jobs to menial labor and cortstattt
surveillance by the KGB.

“if the people do not try to be openly
.lcwislt or if they never apply to leave the
cotttttry. then they will not be bothered."
said (iortlis‘. If families do eitltcr one of
these. he explained. they ttrc fired from their
jobs. pttt under surveillance. attd often
harassed.

The first fatnin that the (iotdis' met itt
Moscow was art example of the pligltt of all
tltc Russian .lcws described by (ittltlis during
his lecture.

“'l‘hc lttrshattd was a professional
photographer. his wife was a school teacher.
They were well educated." he said.

J ltcrt the cotrplc applied to leave tltc coun-
try for tire 11.5.. said (iordis. As a result.
“they were botlt fired from their positions.
Now he works shoveling coal on a freight
trairt arid she is unemployed." said (iordis.

“l ncvcr‘ rrrct people so poor itt my life."
claittrcd (iordis. "especially people who have
art apartment."

He explained that the Soviet Union finds
them enough work so that they can barely
survive and have a place to live.

Russian Jews, cotntttortly called refuseniks.

Rabbinical student Danny Gordie

"The It’ll.\.\'itlll Jewish people are helpless. "
speak fluent llchrcw. especially the men. cx-
plaiuetl (iordis. llcbrew is tattgltt at the
.mivcrsity. bttt only the KGB are allowed to
learn it. Moscow University. one of tire best
in Russia. is off limits to Jews, said (iortlis.

One of the tasks of the (iotdis‘ was to br-
ing religious litc tttrre. tapes and messages to
the Russian Jews who tltcy could locate. (lor-
dis had art address book listing fatrtilics that
lie was going to try to contact. he said. The
KUI! found the book at the customs station
and after much interrogation retttrncd it to

 

 

(iordis. he explained

“Some of the literature we tried to get irt
was confiscated at the border, though." said
(iordis.

Russian Jews ltave a whole system of
photographing books artd distributing them
itt the underground rcfuscnik community. ac-
cording to (tordis. Photographing is
necessary because there are no copiers for
public 'use irt Russia; only state personnel
may use tltctn. said (iordis.

“One family that we visited was so happy

to see us that the wife cried." said Gordis.
Their family wanted to send a letter to friends
in lsrael. explained Gordls. but he and his
wife did not want to risk carrying it. lfit was
found. the family could get into a lot of trou-
ble. he explained. “So we memorized their
cttcr and wrote it later." said Gordis.

Two classes of Jews exist in the Soviet
Union. according to Gordis. “There are
Zionists. who only want to defect to lsrnel,
and there are the more religious Jews who
want to go to the U.S.." he said.

Of tltesc two groups, the religious Jews are
better off, explained Oordis. “because they
have their religious beliefs and practices to
hold on to." The Zionists are frustrated. he
added, because they are simply being barred
from going to Israel.

“We have to put pressure on the Russians
to release the Jews." Gordis maintained.
“We have to make noise; try writing to your
Congressman," said Gordis. when asked
what the people of the US. could do to help.

The Russians will deal with yotr if you of-
‘cr them something in return. he claimed.
Sordis proposed that the US. government
Jeal with the Russians concerning the release
of the Jews.

A flag was displayed by JSC-llillcl at the
:ud of tire lccttrrc. which is being distribtttcd
to 28 communities in the US. irt cont-
mcntoration of chislt commitment to the
struggle of Victor Yclistratov and the Soviet
Jewry.

Yclistratov has lost his job in Russia arid
has been tltc target of harassment. He is a
rel‘usenik who rises his fluency in English to
serve as a link between the Russian Jewish
cornrrrttrrity and the free world, according to
a letter accompanying the flag.

At each of the cotntntrttities. a patclt is ad-
ded to the perimeter of the ting by the com-
rntttrity as a representation of its support for
Yelistratov. 'l'ltc llag came to JSC-l‘lillel
from Denver. Colorado attd will trow be sent
to ('incinatti. ()hio.

Gordis explained that he and his wife were
ttevcr alone in Russia. “You are followed by

(GR all the lime. and tltc nticrophones i.. our

19>

Poor remedial programs produce poor readers

 

 

Student pores over a hook in library

 

WILL YURMAN ltPS

“t lll'l‘t'll/ I't‘llfillil_' [ll'tli'lll/IH' t‘l‘t’llll’t/ on tern/u: liItH/t’f. "

 

By Su‘runne Altels
5/ III "NH/J?

“Why can‘t Johnny read?" is a question
that has gottcrt a lot of attention in the last
few years. according to ('hair of the Universi-
ty's Department of Reading. Richard All-
ington. who ltas recently cotuplctcd a paper
an the results of his research on rcmctlial
reading programs.

Allington claims that “there are dif-
ferertccs irt tltc (reading) instructional en-
vironments offered to good and poor
readers." The rcmctlial reading programs in
effect now were created in the |96l)'s, he
pointed out “were crcated “tong—on tltc
wrong model of learning." This “wrong
model” is based on the “Different instruc-
tion Hypothesis." he added.

This traditional hypothesis is wiry current
reading programs "actually teach poor
readers to read poor." Allington concluded.
Both poor readers and good readers are
allocated eqttivalcrtt amounts of titrrc for
reading. bttl "tltc lower learning rate of the
poorer reader results irt ctcr-incrcasing
deficits with eqttal instructional time." In
other words. Allington poirtted ottt.
“everyottc learns the satire skills. the same
way. Yet, it takes some kids longer to learn to
read titan others.“

Allington's Reading Department ttses
the “time to lcatrt hypothesis." which cut-
pl t. he need for slow readers to ltave
longer classes for reading than tltc better
rcadittg students. “Unless we are willing to
accept the ttotiort of unequal Iirnc allocation,
we are dootnittg poor readers to continued
deficits in reading.“ said Allington. He said
lrc thinks "it‘s titnc tltc cducatiottal vstem
considers the titttc to learn ltvpotltt “

Allington said "good readers ttl'L‘ more
likely to be presented lessons w ith a meaning.
while poor t‘catlcrs more often are presented
lessons in \tltich lltc emphasis it. on the

 

 
 

words."

clttded that reading silently is the most com-
rrrort reading activity for better readch while
poor readers tertd to read ottt lottd. in addi-
tion. he said. teachers and their methods of
correction behavior affects stttdcnt achieve-
nrent.

"The cure rate of today's remedial reading
programs is very low." Allington asserted.
“We haven't set the program to cure anyone.
it doesn't work very well." Allington irr-
dicatcd that seven ottt ofevcry eight children
ptrt into special cdttcrttiott programs cttd up
staying in tltc program till tltc cud.

According to Allington. “programs aren't
well coordinated at all." Many compensatory
cdttcatiorr programs teach trnrclated skills
which are supposed to be applied frottt the
irogram to tltc classroom."Regardless of the
students home environment everyone is ex«
pcctcd to learn to read rtt this level." said All-
ington. “We are tryittg to cltangc the defini-
tion of good reading determined by grade
levels because not everyone can be average-or
above-grade level reading."

Allington gave several recommendatiorrs
for changing the instructional environment.
Some. Ire said. are to increase silent reading
tirrre for poor readcrs, more “tinre
allocation” sessions for poor readers, and
providing daily opportunity to read easy
tnatcrial with an cntphasis on improving
fluency.

Allington believes "we know how to teach
everyone to read but it‘s a question of
economics." The Reagan Administration has
been ctttting compensatory education arttl
diminishing federal involvement in these pro-
grams, Allington said. dttc to “a conservative
swing itt society," lictler'al policy is shifting
and "we ltavc to do better with less arid get
better results."

“New York says it can't afford to do
what‘s best to correct tltc remedial
Jrograms.” ltc ,asscrtcd. “Ilut they lurvc
money for less important things." Society.
ltc said. doesn't \aluc tltc importance of

itcracy enough. r t

