1. :1: 

s .. _< _‘.. ;. g“—.

,a
t
i.

}
a

.4

r

   

   

'" PM, hN’UIAItn“.

Supporters, critics face on over NY Bond issue

 

By Bob Gardlnler

STAFF WRITER

 

in an attempt to repair the state's
deteriorating infrastructure;Governor Mario
Cuomo has proposed a 51.258 “Rebuild
New York” bond that will face the voters in
the November 8 general election.

Voters will be asked to decide whether to
give the state authority to borrow the
SLZSB in bonds, called general obligation
bonds, that will have to be paid back over a
period of years. And, the stipulations on
these bonds limit their use only to transporta-
tion related projects, according to Don
Baker, a senior transportation analysist with
the Department of Transportation.

To date there is a long list of groups and
organizations that have come out In favor of
the bond issue, mainly labor groups. A
private citizens group called the "Vote Yes
Committee" has raised money and is work-
ing closely with the governor to educate and
publicize the bond issue referendum.

However, the bond does have it op-
ponents. including some environmental
groups, but most importantly the
Automobile Association of America has op-
posed the bill saying that the state is not spen-
ding enough of the monies that it takes in
from the motorists for long term highway rise
and bridge maintenance.

The‘ Association of General Contractors
had also been in opposition to the bond issue,
but after recent meetings with the governor
they have changed their position to
favorable. according to Baker. "They (like
the AAA) were concerned about state debt
and would like to see a dedicated fund for
state transportation," he said.

A rundown of the proposed bond includes:
SIB to be used for highway, bridges and
commuter rail parking facilities; $170M for
bus. airport and other rail facilities; and
S7SM for ports. waterways and canals.

Also included in the amount are monies to
be spent on Transportation Authority buses
and facilities. The Capital District Transpor-

  

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS E] OCTOBER 25. I983

tation Authority announced support of the
bond issue in a press release. October 18.
“The Authority is strongly in favor of the
passage of the bond issue. it would provide
over three million dollars to rebuild roads
and bridges in the Capital District and it
would also assure funds to replace worn out
buses," according to CDTA Chairman
Robert G. Lyman. The CDTA also stated
that support is in order for the bond because
it would provide an anticipated 36,000 new
jobs over a five year period.

Some local and state incidents have recent-
ly ocurred that have indicated a need to
overhaul the infrastructure, including:

—A water main break and electrical fire in
Manhattan over the summer cut powcrto the
Garment District.

—A Connecticut Turnpike bridge spanning
the' Mianus River collapsed this summer caus-
lng motorist fatalities.

—A water pipe rupture in Schenectady caus-
cd extensive flooding of part of that city.
—A section of Washington Avenue in
Albany in front of the Capitol collapsed
recently leaving a large gaping hole in the
middle of the busy thrououghfare.

Criticism aimed at the bond issue also in-
cludes complaints that in two past referen-
dums approved by the voters; a l977, $250M
bond issue and a l979. $500M bond issue:
only part of the available monies were actual-
ly spent. But. according to Baker, the
Department of Transportation is still fully
committed to these projects and the projects
are not ﬁnished. "Some of this money we

can not spend until the Federal Funds are
available," he added.

Tranportation commissioner, James
Larocca, will supervise tltc spending of the
bond money if the voters approve it
November, and according to the transporta-
tion department, his responsibility will in-
clude the allocating of $7.43 over the next
ﬁve ycttrs. The bond issue is a ﬁve year pro-
gram. and in addition to it tltcre. would be
SLISB in regular state appropriations, $1.98
in Federal funds and another SLJB in other

I

WE’VE GOT Y

Cuomo and bond supporters

The bond issue will face voters In the November election

state funds.

NYl’lRG has made public statements in
opposition to the bond, according to Patti
Herrick, NYPlRG project coordinator at
SUNYA. Their complaint is that the original
proposal passed in June was not very specific
and it was not until September that the spec-
fic workings of the bond were passed.
“There ltas not been enough time for public
debate in the bond," said Herrick. He feels
there may be better ways to raise the money
and the bond may not be a good idea
because of the high interest rates. He added
that there is an upstate-downstate question as
to how the money will be distributed. “Do
the voters really know where their tnoncy is
going to?" said Herrick.

Baker said that one of the cnivorntncntal
groups that is critical of the bond issue is the
Sierra Club. “They say that the Department
of Transportation is inefficient, but i don't

OUR MUSIC...

   
  

\

 

know what they base this on." he lilld.
“They are usually against everything uerlu."

However. the Department ot l'tr’litsptltts
tion would like to see more \tilt't pollt [lien
on the issue. said ilttkcr. “lhcrc haunt»:
been many polls so we do not rculh trio
how we stand: We wish sonic tollcgc (null
have conducted a poll on this isxttc.” lit-all
ed.

in the rural areas. according to ll.tkct,tl:
bottd is in trouble, as booth hmc ilL't‘ll in It:
past, but there is more support til the title
In August. results of a stntc Scinttc "gn-

roots" poll proved that the bond [lltlI‘tl‘.:.

was not doing well in the rurzrl .ucm run
about half of those polled in oppmitron,

This being an off year clcctiorr. It illit) pow:
yet other problems. according to llili.t'f. "\t;
don't know who will get out titltl toll.” ll~

said.

\

 

) ..

     
 
 
  
      
  
   
  

 

 

 

 

includes Majlir‘l'an
The Plan [3
(Let's Play) U.S-A.
60265

 

 

 

I’mo

Allan Holdsworttt 'T-BONE BU ‘
, meter/es through 11113153

 

 

 

 

 

 

fiiCK OF fill, SWITCH

 

 

M
V

II t ‘. "

Includes 0‘? a», 

lltsmg llmt ,'

than." 5,?

in Bargain.

 

«awaken...

 

 

80100

CASSETTE

...AT A GREAT PRICE

SALE
PRICE

 

 

 

$5.92

 

    
 
     

    
    

 

Inelttdn MW!
Get Your Body On "to Jail
can't Stop lltlnltlng 01 You
Attt't Gonna [It Out
My its-rt Anymore

   

   
 

   

 

   
  

Album or
Cassette

(NOW THRU SA'l'., OCT. 29th)

 

STUYVESANT PLAZA-ALBANY, NY. Phone 438-3003

LOCATIONS ALSO lN DELAWARE PLAZA-DELMAR and COLUMBIA'TURNPIKRE GREENBUSH

   

  

AZTEC CAMERA
h h land, hard rain

'9
on!

 
     
   

 

adrlan belew
tw‘ang barking
.a" . ‘l “Tit-n ‘-

 
  

lnciudes I’m Down
Another

The ideal Man
90108

 
   
 

 

lVlilTlEY [Ill
SHiiUlAl th

 

. _,_.A.1v.;..,._ — — .. ..

 

...‘u

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

BOB SOUCV UPS

 

ASUNYA ' ‘ '

The carbon dioxide [mill/up results primarily front burning fossil fuels.

On-campus students unaffected by AT&T change

 

/t

OCTOBER  1983 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

Carbon dioxide buildup cited

as reason for tam

By Frank Zappala '

Scientists fear that carbon'dioxlde buildup
in the atmosphere will create a "greenhouse
effect," resulting in major temperature shifts
by the year 2000, according to a recently-
relcased study by the Environmental l’rotcc-
tion Agency.

“The problem," according to chairman of
the university's Atmospheric Sciences
Research Center Richard Orville, “is that the
calculations arcjust guesses of what might be
a result if there is a contintting rise in carbon
dioxide.

"The models are uncertain,'” according to
atmospheric science professor Jon Scott.
“They are much simpler than the real earth.
There are things changing everyday."

According to senior research associate Ron
Stewart. however, "The predictions are the
best assumptions we cart pttt into planning
for the future.

 

 

"There are no absolute ideas," he sttid.
“They only guide its to prcpztrc for a cintrtgc
in the some direction. if we tttkc all the
assumptions and models in ten years we
might have all new predictions." hc conclud-
ed.

The carbon dioxide buildup is a slow pro-
cess resulting primarily from the burning oi
fossil fuels. This bttildttp, in turn, cttuscs
tnorc evaporation, resulting in more clouds
that prevent some radiation from leaving the
earth's atmosphere, according to Orville.

Scott sttid the process, which hits bcctt go-
ittg on for decades. will result itt n slight rise
in atmospheric tctnpcrtttttrc. “llow touch 1
don't think anyone rcttlly knows. That we
will have to wait uttd sec," Scott said.

“There are only a few ways that we can
control the increase in carbon dioxide ittto
the atmosphere. What we need is u

perature shifts

government-planned policy — not for what
will happen, but what may happen. There
should be a shift in energy usage toward more
clean and efﬁcient usage. if we could slow
down the burning of fossil fuels and start a
new energy mix program we could slow down
the pollution rate of the atmosphere."
Stewart suggested. Scott pointed out that
keeping fuel prices artiﬁcially high would
promote conservation and discourage burn-
ing of fossil fuels.

The increase in carbon dioxide in the en-
vironment will also increase the pace of
photosynthesis in plants. "This will enable
plants to produce at a higher rate with less
water." aCcording to Scott.

“if we step up agriculture —- it would be
necessary for the U.S. to do so — the U.S.
will be able to produce enouglt food for
itself," uddcd Stewart, although he pointed
out that there are many other countries that
rely on food from the United States. Orville
said that if the predictions are correct tltcre
could possibly be a gradual movement of
Atnetictt's present agricultural belt to the
North.

The areas that are close to freezing, accor-
ding to ()rville, will be affected the worst.
“This is where you might see some change in
surface and water conditions if there is a rise
in temperature," he explained.

Orville noted that limited data on the
phenomenon bumpers research. “There is
presently no better data available to work
with and llltil is all we have to go on."

Stewart, meanwhile, corntncntcd on the
future. “It appears that we cannot overcome
what we have already done. llut we can take
steps to better prepare ourselves for whatever
the future might bring. A good example of
looking ttt these predictions are the
Weathermen today who try to predict five
days ahead — and are having trouble." It]

 

liy Jane Anderson
Sl'ztll "WI/12R

The divestiture of AT&T on Jun.
1, l984 will restructure phone ser-
vices in this country. but art-campus
students will be largely unaffected
by the changes, according to Peter
Muller, upstate Public Relations
Manager for New York Telephone.

Students living off-campus.
however. will have a variety of new
options regarding their tclcphonc
service.

On Jun. l, the state will be divid-
cd into six local access and
transport areas, culled LATAs, anti
New York Tclcpltonc will be
responsible for providing local ser-
vice for catch of these. sttid Muller.

“If you make a lot of long distance calls, you ’ll pay
less after January 1 ”

Tltc LATA which includes Albany
covcrs the ttrctt encompassed by the
area code 518.

“if you make a lot of long
distance calls, you'll pay less after
January I," said Muller. He ex-
plained that long distance rates are
expected to decrease IS-ZO percent,
while local charges will increase,
due to it new tclephonc wire access
charge. This charge of two dollars it
month, which is scheduled to go in-
to effect April 3, 1984. will increase

six dollars

by l986. It will on those rcrttcd

——Pe!er Muller

phones, said

a month. The options of message
rzttc service and phone ownership
are not available in dormitories, ac-
cording to New York Telephone.
Additional monthly costs include
telephone rental, $3.26, and $1.84
for wire and telephone outlet and

gradually transfer the full cost of
local calling, which was previously
covered in part by government sub-
sidies, to the local customers
themselves.

After .lttnuury l, AT&T will
assume tltc ownership of the equip-
ntcttt owned by New York
Telephone, including tltc phones
presently rented from New York
'l'clcphonc. “A'l't'it’l‘ will continue
to honor the leasing ntrnngctncnt"
and will be responsible for rcpztirs

SA loses Ia wsuit, may appeal

 

lly lleidl (lrallu

.vthit 'Iul II:' NFii'S l'lll IUR

  

Student Association otltct

mom of voters.

SA also charged tltc city with redrawing the election
districts in August when the city's power to rcdtstrict

expired cnrly itt January.

in his decision. Judge John H. Pcnnock agreed with
SA's argument that the city did not have the authority
to cnttct district citating wltcn they did. l-lowevcr, Pett-
nock said that the County Board of Elections acted
within the law when they ratified all courtly ctcction
district changes on the morning of Sept. 29, several

hours before he heard SA's case.

SA filed a lawsuit against the city on Sept. 26,
demanding that election districts he rcdrttwn to tttcltrdc
an on campus polling place for residents of Colontul

and half of Dutch Qttttd.

SA attorney Mark Misltlcr said the judge's decision
was incomplete. “The jttdgc did ttot itt any way ad-
dress the issues which ltc raised in ottr reply affidavit
(submitted Oct. 3). These issues irtclttdc tt factual ques-
tiott as to whether in fact the liottrd of lilections met
on Sept. 2911.8 well its legal questions concerning tltcir
(the board of elections) authority to ratify an invalid
ordinance of the City of Albtuty,“ Mislilcr asserted.

'd Monday that they
may tippL‘iil a lawsuit they lost l’t'iday charging the L‘in
of Albany with gcrt‘ytnttndcring and disenfranchise-

nn ttppcal.

These issues, Misltlcr said. are possible grounds for

Mishlcr said lllci'c is cttottglt titrtc to appeal hcl'orc

lions.

lltc elections. Tilt: lawsuit, ltc cspltrincd, would lltiVL'
priority in court because it deals with upcoming clcc-

Albany Mayor Thomas M. Wltttlctt lll sttid ltc was
"not surprised at ttll" at the judge's decision. “i
thought we were right to begin with," he explained. it]

regard to tire county‘s last minute approval of the

city's redistricting plan, Wlntlcn said ltc submitted the
new districts to the county sortie time before the Sept.
2‘) hearing witlt fttll intentions of having them approv-
cd prior to election day.

SA President Rich Schuffer said he is awaiting legal
counsel frotn Mislticr and SA Attorney Lewis Oliver
before SA makes their final decision on whetlter or not
they will appeal.

"My view," ltc maintained, “is that if we retrtovc it
from the local courts we'll get a less biased decision."
Schaffer' added that lie was disappointed with the
judge's decision. "i think the judge lost light of the
fact that there was a blatant move to gerrytnttndcr the
15th ward." he contended.

(.‘urrcntly. residents of ("olonial Quad ‘will vote ttt
thc Thruway llousc; residents of half of Dutch Quad
will vote in St. Margaret Mary's school: residents of
tire other half of Dutch Quad and all of Indian will
vote irt the gym; and residents of State Qttttd will vote
itt the State Quad l‘lugroorn. l’l

Muller. lie added that phone rental
prices would not increase. Those
not wishing to rent from AT&T
may make arrangements for their
own tclcpboncs, he said.

Consumers will be able to choose
between the long distance services
offerrcd by different companies for
their calls outside of their local
LATA. “it is fully expected that
there will be a good deal of com-
petition" for these, said Mttllcr. if
no scrvicc is ttrrttngcd for a line, it
will “probably be routed through
A'l‘dt'l‘ automatically," be said.

Mttllcr explained that the
students living on campus will not
have as great it variety of options.
“The collcgc administration tlccidcs
Wiltll to offer its students" in the
dorms, ltc said. He added that
"students cztnnnt cotttrttct for long
distance services scpttrntcly, room
by room." The university will con-
tract with A’l‘&T or another long
distance service, arid this will be
what tltc on-crnnprts students will be
able to use, according to Muller.

Vice- President for Business and
Finance .lolttt lltlt’ligttn said that the
university is looking into three dif-
fercrrt proposals for a new
university-wide program at this
time. One proposal would include
dorm scrvicc in the new system, he
ttddcd

At present, Dial-A-Visit is the on-
ly service offered to students in the
dorms. This, or a sltnilar service,
will be continued by New York
telephone, said Mttllcr. but after
January 1 it will tipply only to calls
withitt the LATA.

Students living in the dorms are
treated as residential customers and
are now offered flat rate sct'vicc
with uttlitttltcd local calls for Sl4.l4

  

ittvcstmcnt charges.

After the divestiture, on-campus
students will continue to pay the
tint rate along with tltc wirc invest-
tttcnt charges. The wire ttcccss
charge will also appear after April
3, said Muller.

The sign-up procedure for on-
cttrnpus pltonc service will “pro-
bably not change drastically."
Muller said.

For at least several months, all
billing for New York Tclcpltone
and AT&T will be handled by New
York Tclcphonc, which will charge
A l‘&T for the service. according to
Muller. Those consumers who do
not contract their long distttnce with
AT&T will be billed separately for
their lortg distance culls.

After the breakup of A'l‘&’l'.
telephones and telephone service
will be “no differcrtt than anything
else bought by consumers. There
will be more innovative pricing and
many new decisions will be made.”
Muller said. l3

]LISA sinuous ups

 

 

