  

 

 

E D

 

down and touching the wet pant leg, I was relieved to

find a mashed-up lime and some crushed ice in my

left pocket. “Hell ofa lot better that wetting my knickers,"

— l mumbled. satisfied at ﬁnding most of someone's drink in
my pocket.

Four generations oi’A/bany Slade"! Press editors were at
tltc crowded Soho party. Four years of having the same
thoughts and the same headaches. The four of us had at
least one thing in common — like the protagonist in Citizen
Kane, we all thought it would be fun to run a newspaper.

Between dancing and drinking 1 had a chance to talk with
some of the alumni of this student rag. One pulled me over
to the snack table. where it was somewhat quieter. He cott-
gratttlatcd me on surviving a year and a couple months as
editor. Between contests to see who could shove the most
pretzels in their motttlt without choking. he told me how ex-
citing it was to watch the changes the paper went through in
the past year.

It's hard to find someone who appreciates a good
newspaper. I don't mean to whine, but how many people at
this university realize what they've got going here? This
paper is the only one in the State University with the guts to
become financially ittdepcndent. free from the fickle
bttdgeting of student pols or public relations minded ad-
ministrators. it's got balanced. fair reporting. excellent

C

I felt a cold wetness oozing into my left leg. Reaching

 

ITORI

‘I think it would be fun to run a newspaper’

features, and diversity. it's a great learning‘laboratorynattd
best of all, the ASP answers only to the high ethics oi the

- w 0 at it to ether. I
 l~:'ori)ped bacii up on that high horse we like to call
the editorial "we". That's one of the drawbacks of wrtttng
two editorials a week for over a year. Anyway, it was good
to talk to sontcone who appreciated the kind of work peo-
ple up ltcre do. For the first time in over year. the typeset-
ting computer is working without a hitch. Even the ltlm
cover door i dropped my second semester on the paper has
been replaced. after ruining many rolls of expenstve
typesetting paper through light leaks. The wrtttng is sharp.
and damn it if the paper doesn't look good.

Back to the party. i hit Canal with another newspaper
alumnus to find a few coldies because the party ran out of
beer. We found a dirty bar resplendent with winos and got
a few bottles. We‘d worked side by side a few years ago,
and my imminent departure from the paper meant the end
of an era for the both of us. Between a sleeping bag man
and the TV set we tried to figure out a way to describe my
three year old relationsltip with a newspaper.

The only word that worked itself out was contradiction
. . . the tnore we tltought about it the more sense it made. if
anything, i am a contradiction. A progressive taking over
the "estahii luncnt" student paper . civil libertarian
restricting military advertising . . . feminist rttnning sexist

O L U M

Only time will tell

For the first time in its twenty-two year existence, OPEC
rolled back the price it charges for crude oil.

With the combination of external competition and an
abated consumer demand, the once potent oil cartel had lit-
tle choice but to lower the price it cltarges for crude oil or
face an all-out price war which could have (and still might)
destroy its unity.

Robert Martiniano

After weeks of infighting, OPEC tncmbers simultaneous-
ly agreed to lower its price per barrel by five dollars to
twenty-nine dollars a barrel and to set OPEC-wide produc-
tion quotas.

These compromises by no means signal an end of
troubles for the beleaguered OPEC. Non-OPEC oil pm-
ducing nations could still unilaterally lower the prices they
charge for oil. recreating the price war. and conservation
measures could still lower the demand for oil products.

Oil conservation may or may not be a ntajor factor in
()PEC's fall from otnnipotence.

Debate continues within economical circles as to the
relative effectiveness of conservation measures. Economists
believe the world-wide recession has a much areater in~
lluencc on the abated demand for oil. rather than sporadic
conservation measures.

Yet. downplaying conservation efforts only diminishes
the collective efforts the Western world has produced to
lessen its dependence on OPEC oil.

Detroit is not about to retool to again produce gas guzzl-
ing dinosaurs. Our efforts to produce more energy efficient
homes and businesses will not abate even with the decrease
in fuel costs. These short term conservation initiatives have
long term consequences.

Whether these conservation measures contributed more
to OPEC‘s situation than did the recession. that is for
historical speculation.

Speculation notwithstanding. the recession also had an
impact on OPEC's oil prices and consumer demand. With
American factories working at sixty percent capacity, the
amount ofoil America failed to itnport is significant. Again
we cannot downplay the significance of the recession itt
OPEC‘s problems. Yet. to note every aspect of the rcces«
sion and its impact of oil importation would be a bore.

Even with the recession and conservation. OPEC‘s big-
gest prohlcm came from non-OPEC oil producing nations.
With nations such as Mexico. Norway. and and Great Bri-
tian selling oil just as cheaply with much less aggravation,
oil importing nations are switching trading partners.

Over the last three years. while total consuntption
world-wide is down by ttine million barrels of oil a day. the
cornsuntption of OPEC oil is down twelve million barrels a
day.

Applying basic math to this cconotnicttl situation. while
OPEC oil production is down that previottsly tnerttioned
twelve ntillion barrels a day. non-OPEC oil producing na-
tions have increased their oil production by three million
barrels a day.

OPEC's lion's share of the oil market no longer exists.
and for so long OPEC had a huge appetite. With the domi-
nant role in oil production, OPEC could dictate its rules to
the rest of the world. That is no longer true.

With the onset of the recession and conservation
measures, and with competition from non-OPEC nations.

 

 

 

oil usage abated. With the need for steady revenues, coun-
tries had to decrease prices to increase sales and hopefully
steady total revenues.

it is this need for price decrease(s) which tore OPEC
apart. lran. it) its need to fund its war with lraq. needed to
undercut ()PEC's official bencltmark price of thirty-four
dollars a barrel to keep a steady revetttte flowing.

For nations such as Nigeria and Venezuela, who are in-

ttcbtcd to American and European banks. income had to be
steadied to keep debt service payments up or risk bankrupt-
cy.
For other OPEC nations. the revenue is needed just to
esist titty to day. Within OPEC. tltcrc exists a dichotomy
based on riches. Rich l’c ian (ittlfsttttcs and Libya bring itt
ninety percent of OPEC s rcvcnttes for only three percent
of ()PEC's population. The other ten percent of tile
Icvcnue supports ninety-seven pcrccttt of ()l’EC‘s popula-
tion. Obviously these poorer states have a greater stake itt
keeping revenues steady. Atty drop itt rcvcnttes could spell
cconotnical disaster.

 

  
 

Only time will tell whether OPEC can survive the current
world situation with respect to oil consumption.

Yet. OPEC is ttot the only loser in this game. The Soviet
Union perpetually in need of hard currency and also the

  

 /

 

/ ’
 /// / / // '7’ I
mttaﬁéf:s/a/ée%//////Zé//Z%//ﬂy   f
“ ,, ,
ADVANCE. TOKEN to NEAREST li'llLl'iY AND Pity," AND pAym AND pity,” AND PA m.”

A L

advertising . . . serious humorist . . , to...) “Hump” _.
ittg academic excellence . . . itltttttlttisl ttttttotttenoughlhu. .
to give attention to close iililntttls . .. displaced trim
athiest most people think is a Ltmu (ilmiiltlld Jot u
writer who can‘t Spell . . . objective ptopagttttdist. I
loudmouth.

I've been at the ASP for three j’L'x’IH. and thirty mm“
issue as editor in chief. As i sit behind this \idcusctccnu .
ing the traditional self-indulgent ttst editorial, mp.
tendency to get very reminisent and l tcttIi/c lilttl l'mgumE
to miss the excitement and emotion of this place,

it'll be bizarre to come up to campus on 'ftu-ummm
Fridays and pick up a newspaper I haven‘t lliciiioliledm
Some things i read will piss me off; othcts will pleatanttj
suprlse me. The folks taking this paper otcr have gum.
most ability l've seen in years of college jtllllllitiitttt,.m.j
they're going to make the ASP of my years tool “in
garden club newsletter.

As I washed the gin out of my chinos, i thought litalunt
day l’li probably be pouring a drink in the pocket utm,
successor. There have been about 70 ctlitots ol'th-Almm
Slade"! Press and its direct predecessots siItL‘c i9”), anti

was just one in a series.
DM %6

~ .qttitt ‘

N

largest oil producer in the world is hinting ttottt litiil‘lm
reduction.

Several days before ()PlEC annottnml ||\ ptit‘c mitt.-
tions, the Soviet Union announced ll \\tl|li\i clttttgcuntt
twenty-nine dollars a barrel tot lls «tulle oil. \\‘tth
economic problems within the Soviet l‘tuon, .uttt tl\tlt't'til.\
use hard currency to buy food t'tont tltc “est. .ttt) has
reduction hurts its trading position \Hlitlll lite uttctntttuttul
community.

Great Britain is in a similar pttsilitttt \\tl|t that ot iii:
Soviet Union. Though Great Britain doc» not need tttctmt
supplied Russia does. it is in the tuc‘cssitttt utttclt tattt‘tuttut
us all and any price reduction on its Notllt Stat tlli “will
hinder or delay a national rccovcty.

Oil companies itt America are also its‘lllt' .tllt‘L’It‘ti ht lit:
price redttction on crttdc oil. Most m.tiot ntl UHIIIHIW‘
have reported substantial dccrcttscs in lilt'lt ptottt» tot tltt~
year and a few smaller oil Ctllllpitllli's h.t\c iiiL'ti to
bankruptcy.

For twenty-two years we have sttt‘tctctt ttotu the “hints
of an oil cartel and oil companies which lliL'ti to mill Iht
consumer dry. Now the consumer is iii the \ii I\ct '\ wilt-M1
us not wail at the trottblcs oil barons cuttcnth- lune. itti
too long we have suffered and made do. Now it's litt'li
turn.

  

 

 
  
  

////

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

cﬂspect

March 18, 1983

   

 

 

I

 

 

 

 

 

