 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MARCH 18. I983

 

 

Two Albany students in 1200 Mile Run for Heart

By Mark Levine
I:I)lltllilrll HMSIAA‘I

They will begin rrrrtning on June
I of tltis year. They will finislt sottte
tirrre near the middle of Arrgtrst.
Tltey will run through six states artd
cover approximately 1.200 miles.
averaging in the neigitborhood ol'
22 rttiles eacir running day. Titcy are
runrting for cltarity. witlt all pro-
ceeds goirtg to tire American Heart
Association. They are Blake Mar-
son and Liz Neporent. artd titeir
story is trrrly retrtarkabie.

Marson. a settior here at Albttny
State. itad been a wrestler for 10
years before he tttrned itis dedi'a-
tion strictly to running tn his
sopltontorc year. His first corn-
petitive race was the Long Island
Marathon in May of l9tiz where he
ran an otrtstattding time of 2:58.
His most recent marathon came in
November of last year when he ran
a 2:49. whiclt qualified him for the

some of the real world before we go
on to graduate school or work."
Marson said.

The plartrtirtg and scheduling for
the Hill has taken a tremendous ef-
fort on the part of Marson and
Neporettt. On December 28 of last
year they received art official spon-
sorsltip letter frortt the Heart
Association. With that takcrt care
of. the next steps involved writing
away for maps and information to
places all over New England.

“Writing the letters and mapping
the routes was probably the worst
thing we itad to do." Neporent
said. “We ltttd to write to all the
different State departments for
maps of the at ens we wanted to see.
and lots of places weren't too
helpful. We sent out about l00 let-
ters. and have itad only about a for-
ty pcrcertt response rate."

“We knew the gertcral area of
where we wanted to go. but We
needed some maps for the specific

“We’re not really concerned
with how fast we run, we just
want to finish. ”

——Liz Neporent

 

liostort Marathon next rttotrtlt.

Marsort. who hails from
Bellmore. N.Y.. comes from a
background where rtrrtnittg has
played a rttajor role irt his family's
recreational activities.

“You rttigitt say that lcortte from
a rrrrtttittg family." Mttrsott said.
“My father does a lot of rtrrrrtirtg.
attd trty yotrrtger brothers are just
starting to get interested in it. too,"

Neporettt. also a senior. begart
running at age 13. A tttetttbcr of the
women's track tcartt here. she ltas
been rttttttirtg track since eighth
grade. Site has rtrrt five marathons
iii the last three years. most recently
finislting second among women ill
the Hudson Mohawk Road
Runner‘s Club marathon earlier
this year. ilcr time of 3:20 qualified
her for the lioston Marathon.

The idea of the lltli) Mile Rtrtt l'ot
ll out came about late last summer.
Marsort artd Neporettt wanted to see
the sights of the area attd figured
that by rttruting. they got a cltattce
to do something they love arid totrr
the Northeast. “We wanted to
cit otrld

 

 

mileage." Marsoa added. "We ltad
to use the scales on the maps to ap.
proximate the miles. and we spcttt a
lot of hours figuring out tltc
distances between the cities."

As expected botit runners are ill
p ‘ak physical condition. They built
trairr by running 7t)-lt)0 rrtilcs per
week. and Neporettt uses her work
on the track team as a way of im-
provitrg her speed itt ltcr distance
running. Most of their training.
itowcvcr. is done off the track and
away front the cars arid noise of
local streets.

“We do most ol' otrr running orrt
in places like (irtildcrland arid
Virttt'ltecsville." Marsort explained,
“We love jttst rtrrtrtittg through the
hills artd farmland. looking dowtt
and seeing horses ottt in tire l'iclds'.
There are no cats. no traffic. It's
great."

“The traittiug for the races is pro-
bably the thing i like
Neporettt adds, “It‘s one of the ort-
ly chances we get to be togetlter.
artd it's a great way of getting
away."

i) ' tr ttre ottt

 

most.“.

55
alum,

 

 

 

DAVE ASHER UPE

Albany State students Blake Marson (loft) and Liz Naporent (right) are participating In the 1200-mile
Run for the Heart beginning this June. Their trip will take them through all six New England states.

of their trairting. Marson artd
Neporettt ltave rttrt into rttarty dif-
ficult situations. During the recent
snowstorm Neporettt ran it miles
which she Iertrted “one of the worst
days rttrtttirtg I ever had." Marson
recalls many a day running in the
snow witcrc lte ltas had to jump irtto
sttowbartks to avoid cars. Still. they
insist that they will ttttt in arty
\v -ather.

Tltc Ittli itself will begin irt
Neporettt's hometown of Kingston,
NY. They have mapped out a route
that will take titerrt to do/cns of
cities all over New York.
M tusctts. Vermont. New

liarrtpshire. Rirode Island and Curt-
nccticnt. A fricrtd will meet Iltertt at
cctttin dcstinatons ttlong the way to
supply tltern with food. water or
first aid. Their housing will mostly
involve camping ottt. and their diet
will consist ol' large amounts of car-
bohydrates. “Lots of spaghetti and
pit/ti." Marson said.

There are rttatry rest days. artd
their little structure is very flexible.
“’l‘ltc rttilcagc figttrcs are just rottglt
guesses. so we're not really sure
ltow rrtttclt we‘re going to fill] or
itow long we‘ll take. We figure
arottnd [.200 miles." Marsort said.

The financial as wet ol‘ the Run is

Two Iaurels for Dieckelman

John Dlackelman can add yet two more Iaurols to his crown,
The 6'5" senior center was noted SUNYAC-East Player-oI-the
Year In a poll of all the East division coaches and was selected
to the All-SUNYAC team for the third consecutive season.

Dleckolman led all scorers In the SUNYAC with a 20.5
average in contorenco competition. The loithandor from the
Albany area Ilnishad the 198283 season with a 16.3 overall
average.

Dlackolman was joined on tho AII~SUNYAC team by Cor-
tland's Tom Spanbauer. Potsdam‘s Leroy Withorspoon. Platt-
oburgh's Paul Glodis. Onoonta’s Mike Pocyntyluk and the
University oi Buiiaio’o John Fitzpatrick as repeaters.

An All-American candidate. Diockelman was edged in the
tabulations Ior SUNYAC Player-oI-tho-Year by Leroy Gottys oi
Buttan State. Gettys. who averaged 17.4 points and six re-
bounds a game. led the Bengals to an 18-5 record and second
place in the conteronce.

Cortland Red Dragon coach Bill Williams won Coach-ot-the-
Year honors. A sophomore coach. he directed his team to an
impressive 7-3 conference record and 18-7 overall.

—Marc Ilaspel

 

 

~ait'ly sitnplc. Mttrsott attd Neporent
are looking for people to sponsor
them per mile. After deducting the
expenses tltcy ittcttr during the trip.
lite dtto will dotnrtc the ntortcy to
the Heart Association. iiy gcttittg
different organi/ations to provide
Iitcttt with sportswear. housing or
anything else that will help them to
ctrt down on expenses. the pair are
attempting to ltave

as possible rerttaining for
Association. 'l'hey ltopc to donate
about $2.000.

As far as the Run itself is cott-
ccrncd. the two see it as a challenge.
but also expect to ltavc a lot of fun.
"hvlcntally. I don't titirrk it will be
as hard as a marathon. where you
itave to go all out ,for Zn miles. This
will be rnttcit more relaxing. We're
rtot really concerned with ltow fast
we run. we just wartt to finish."
Neporettt said.

“It's like takittg a trip while we're
rtrttuirtg." Marson added. “It's dif-
ferent front a rtrcc. wlterc it's a rcttl
grind. always tltinking‘tthout time.
Physically. it will be very deman-
ding. bttt mentally it won't be as
tough as running in a marathon."

If their physical capabilities are
italf a strortg as their heart artd
courage. the Run will rto doubt be a
huge success.

O‘ 0

Anyone irttercsted in helping the
runners itt their heartwarming cf-
fort cart contact lilake or Lil. nt
skill-7760 for
becoming a sponsor. They are also
attempting to set up a table iii the

Campus (‘cntcr to provide ttdtli« "
i |

tionrrl inl'ornnrtion.

VOLUME LXX

ALBA Y
STUDENT
PFiE

STUDENT PRESS CORPORA TIUN

Tuesday

SS

 

lly lien Gordon
57'1", iiRIIhR

Acctrsirrg the Arab Students As tciation of
being a front for Palestine Liberation
Organization propaganda. campus Jewish
groups protested the presence of a PLO
representative rtt art ASA lecture Saturday.
ASA President Zari Saleh insisted. however.
that the lecture was meant simply to inform
the public about Arab viewpoints. '

ASA and Revisionist Zionist Alternative
botlt agreed the protest stayed within the ttrea
designated by the university ~« irt frortt of
Lectttrc Cctttcr one. The .lewislt groups' sing-
ing and chants of such slogans as. “Hell no.
PLO." wcrc occasiortaily attdible inside lite
lcctttre rootrt. but accordirtg Io l{'/_.A Presi-
dent l-lilscnrath. “as far as the ASA goes.
titcy ltad no probicrn with the protest at all."

However. Salch poirtted ortt that noise
front tltc Jewish protest occasionally drown-
ed ottt the lecture proceedings. “More than
ten people front the audience requested that
thc volrrnrc of the trticropltoncs be
increased." lte said. adding. “We don't mind
their demonstration. as long as one can still
ltear the speaker."

ASA rtterttbcr Mohtttntttcd Kayed confirm-
ed that the ASA felt that the protest fell
witltirr their rigltt to free speech. ASA Presi-
dent Saleh. however. said that the purpose of
the “Teach-in" was to educate. arid Ite wish-
ed the protesters would come listen to tire lec-
lures.

Dr. Mohammcd Ilttliaj. the first speaker
on the program. spoke for approximately 20
minutes on Palestine and the cultural identity
of the Palestinian people. Itallaj. wlto is
director of the ittstitttte of Arab Studies. said
that Palestinian culture is irt jeopardy due to
an act of “psychological genocide" by the
Israelis. He described “tlte destruction of
Palestine." calling Israel the rightful lrortte of
the Palestinian people.

The second speaker at the event was Dr.
Carol iierrigan of Syracuse University. Ber.
rigan recently toured the Mideast with a
group of wontcn interested itt Middle Eastern
problems. attd her presentation included
numerous slides takett on the totrr. lierrigan
said that the reason for her involvement was
her concern for “injustices” wherever they
occurred. Site used slide photographs depic-
ting wartime destruction to show that the
Urtitcd States was at fault by aiding the
Israeli military despite the ttctttai displace-
rttcnt of many Palestinians by lsrael. Clos»

 

. than

Dr. Hatem Hussalni

'Tl’rnt can never .t'ileniie‘llte voice of Ilu' pair/ill
irtg the series was Dr. Ilrttcrrt I‘ittssttitli. Depu-
ty Observer to the PLO Mission to the United
Nations.

The PLO is synonomous with the Palesti-
nian people. Iinssaini said. “You cannot
destroy the PLO because tltc PLO is the
Palestinian people. attd you cannot destroy a
people. You cart never silence tltc voice of the
people." He portrayed lsrael as art enemy to
’aiestinians, stating that “lsraeli policies of
harassment and killing and kidnapping of
’alcstinians itavc continued." Despite rccertt
opinions expressed in the media suggesting
that the PLO has been devastated by their
forced withdrawal from Lebanon. llussaini
said that the Palestinian people are "stronger
ever. ready to raise their voice

 

March 22, 1983

NUMBER 15

“We don’t
think that
anything the
Arabs have to
say will stand
up to historical
scrutiny. ’

— RZ/i [Livccrnive Secretary
Glenn Manes

 

 

 

 

for...justice."

RZA lixccntive Secrcttuy (ilenn Moncs
said that the Teach-in was ill reality “a PLO
rally." He supported this \icw by pointing
out the presence of pro-PLO banners and a
PLO flag in the iccture tooru. lie added that
titere was a baurtcr irt the lecture roortt that
said irt Arabic. “All guns to liberate
Palestine."

Responding to a charge by Moncs that tltc
ASA is a front for PLO propaganda. lx'aycd
said. “The ASA is made of Arab students
who cottte frortt all Arab states. We are cout—
pletcly independent. We insite speakers who
are PLO arid speakers who are not I'LO. We
feel that the PLO has a poirtt and should be
given a cltartcc to express this point." ASA

member Majctl Sad added. “We feel that the
PLO eqrnrls the ’alcstinian people. the same
as any .lctsish group on catnprrs cart feel that
lsrael is their rcpt 'scntntive.“

Speaking about poirtts made by the Arab
speakers. Moncs said. “We don't think that
anything tltc Arabs Itave to say will stand rtp
to historical scrutiny." Compared to RZA
literature. Mones said that the ASA literatttrc
available at the ‘l‘eaclnln was. “a batclt of
baseless. truthless propaganda which rtot ort~
ly ignores history and twists facts. btrt makes
them up as hell." lie added that. “Anyone
uho cart prote that anything lit the literature
that we distribute is trot true can claim a $lt)(i
reward from RXA." Mones was shocked at

SF

 

 

Ity lieidi Gralla
.\lrtll' ll’Rl/Ifli

wide election.“

clectiott is ruorc of a poptrlarity contest than a university-

Constitution question confuses Junior Council

(‘asey \tas ttrtabie to sa_\ whether the constitution was
previoust filed with the Stt \lcnt Activities office because
she lttts only been at iter pa sent job for one year.

irrforrmttlon on ‘t

 

 

Controversy surrounding a missing constitution artd
election procedttres has stirred confusion and frustration
within the Class of 1984 Council.

The confttsiort is aggravated by rmverifiablc amend-
rnertts and the constant cltartgc of voting status among
members of the Council.

The inaccessibility of the constittttion recctttly became a
heated issue withirt council when several members re-
quested a copy irt order to propose art amendment. accor-
ding to class council member Dan Robb. The amend-
ment. Robb explained. would allow for all Class of '84
utcrnbers to elect officers. Currently. the entire class elects
u cotrrtcil. and the council. itt turtt. votes on officers.

According to former class president Tortt Phillips. at
the hegirtning of the freshman year election for class
corrrtcil tucmhers and officers were open to all class
tnernbers. After a "very poor turnout." the constitution
was amended to conduct class council elections university-
wide. bttt hold elections for officers within the class coun-
cil. Plriiiips explained that his was done to prevent people
from running for offices for "selfish" reasons such as
wanting a title. and to prevent elections front becoming
“a popularity contest.“

Class council nterrtber Joltnnna Sarraeco said site wottld
like to see the constitution ‘ ' because “an internal

Regarding tltc issue of the availability ol' the contitu-
tiort. Class President (.‘hip Pody explained that lie was
never given a copy from previous officers. artd added that
he ttcver askcd for ottc. “i knew what was iii the constitu-
tion." lte said. “and anything I didn't know I jttst asked
Tom (Phillips). l-le‘s as good a resorrree as having one
(constitution)." However. l’ody added that Phillips ltad
lent him a copy of the constitution lttst year. btrt he had
rcturrtcd it after reading it.

Phillips. who was studying irt Denmark last serrtester.
apparently has the only copy of the constitution at his
house on Long Island. Phillips said he plans to hrirtg the
constitution back to school after the vacation “and
hopefully. we can straighten ortt this mess."

Consitutions of all SA groups are supposed to be on file
lit the Student Association and Student Activities offices.
according to Assistant Director of Student and University
Affairs Jessica Casey. However. she explained that copies
of all class constitutions are filed. with the exception of
'84.

SA Office Manager Rita Levitte noted that the situation
is the sttrne at the SA office. Site questioned whether or
rtot the constitution was ever filed.

“According to the index sheet it was not here last strut-
nter." Levine said. adding. "I don‘t know if it was ever
here."

Although she contends that site ltas never seen a copy

of the constitution. Casey commented. “Tltere is no
dottbt in my mind that tltere was a constitution at some
time." She explained that "sometimes groups will borroo
a constitution and forget to rctrrrrr it."

Fody said the fact that a constitution is missing from

botit offices “scertts strange" brrt is probably just it “til
ittg error."

Class of '84 Secretary Ellen Murray and Treasurer Pete

(iiglio. botit ntairttained that they‘ve never seen a copy of
the constitution.

Class council member Ann Marie LuPorta said she

hasn't seen a constitution since freshman year when site
"discarded it while packing." She explained. “I don't
believe it was my responsibility to keep the constitution
for this class —— l was only a member. not an officer."

Several council members complained that they are be-

ing told by Fody ltow elections will be conducted. what
constitutional amendments were previously made. and
what the requirements are to obtain voting priviledges.
without a constitution to document it.

However. Phillips attacked some of the members who

itave complained ab0ut the management of the Class of
'84. saying. “I see a very insincere motivation irt the Class

 

 

 

