 

“a

‘,

 

 

WRLDWIDEI

 

Rod Guard tells lifei ‘

London. England,
(AP)Liang Heng. a Red Guard at the age ofI
12. grew up idolizlng Chairman Mao. The
Great Helmsman's name was the first word'
he learned after mother. fathjer and grand-
mother.

He made a pilgrimage to Peking to lift his
"Little Red Book" before the huge picture of ,
Mao in Tian Red Square. pledging: “l willI
always be loyal to the revolutionary line."

But the excess of China's Cultural Revolu-l
tion in 1966-1976 broke up his family. forced
trim to live as a peasant, and left him aban-'

' doned at 13 when his parents were charged.

with ideological lmpurltyu.

Now 29. and living in New York with an
American wife. Liang is the first Red Guard‘
to chronicle the chaos and violence that
prevailed in the world’s most populous na-'
tion for more than a decade.

His autobiography. “Son of Revolution."
describes how his father divorced his mother
when she was wrongly condemed as a
“rightest” at the start of the Cultural
Revolution, and how his journalist father
later suffered from the label “stinking In-_
tellectual."

Koch derides UN

New York'
(AP)CaIIing the Unitewd Nations a den of‘
hypocrisy, Mayor Edward Koch says he feels
the world organization should stay in New
York because “every country needs a
cesspool."

The outspoken and cotroversial mayor
said ire thought the forum does occassionally
do “some good work." he then added,i
“They're always an interesting theater of the!
absurd." '

He made itis remarks before a breakfast.
ineeting of the United Jewish Appeal at the
Plaza Hotel. He was asked from the audience-
for his assessntent of the “pros and cons" of
keeping the United Nations in New York Ci-
ry. - ‘

"ii 
, 7 (M?

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS C1 SEPTEMBER 27. I983

The issue arose after Soviet Ambassador‘
Andrei Oromyko expressed misgivings about
security here following the Russians' fatal at-
tack on a Korean airliner earlier this month
and said he would not attend the opening of
the General Assembly. Koch‘s remarks
‘ Monday came on the same day that President
Ronald Reagan addressed the organization
and pledged this country to the "upholding
of the original ideals of the United Nations."

‘He urged the 157 member states to “regain
-the dream the United Nations once
dreamed.”

Last year. Koch, angered by an anti-lsraell
resolution in the General Assembly. assailed
the United Nation as a “cesspool” and “den
of iniquity."

NAOWIDEI
US-UK steel l'mpass

Pittsburgh. Pennsylvania '
(AP)U.S. Steel Corp. Vice Chairman
Thomas C. Graham says chances are “less
than 50-50" for an agreeement with British
Steel for a joint operating project at U.S.i
Steel‘s Fairless works near Philadelphia.i

Graham. in remarks prepared for a groupi
of New York financial experts on Monday.
said negotiations are nevertheless continuing
with British Steel on a controversial plan to
limport semi-finished slab steel front
Scotland for finishing at the Pennyslvartia
mill. ‘

The United Steelworkers of America ttniorr
strongly opposes the plan to import British-
made slccl at the Fairlcss works. Graham said
the company will work with a rrniorr task
force looking irtto alternatives for the l-‘rrirlcss
works plant.

Graham. former president of Mid. Steel
Corp. and now U.S. Steel's chief operating
officer of stch atrd related resources. also
told tltc financial group that U.S. Steel is still‘
studying its long-term profit and rrtarkct
potential of its mills “to dctcrtrtine which of
tlrerrr cart operate rttost economically in‘thc
future."

 

  

     

   

Drought grips Texas
Fort Stockton. Texas-
(AP)Dead cattle rot by the roadside: and
‘calves orphaned by a year-long drought:
Iwander the West Texas range in this austerer
beautiful world known more for spacious.
skies and oil rigs than for a scorclted earth.
Now only buzzards seem to thrive in this
ranch town wlterejttst 2.21 inches of rain fell
this year. compared to the 13 inches that is
normal.

around with long faces. it's psychologically
depressing for them to see cattle dying on the
range." Pecos County Agricultural extension
agent Jennifer Truby said. "They have a lot
of emotional attachment to their animals."
With the ground nearly barren after 15
months of drought over a 27-county section
,of Texas, ranchers from Big Spring to Alpine
{and Pecos to Ozona are crying for help. Last
month, the U.S. government declared the 27
counties a federal disaster area.

.TTEIDE,
go. at

   

[Cuomo wants camp

. v El/zubethlown’
(AP)Gov. Mario Cuomo says he's thinking
of making a state-owned Adirondack
hideaway lrrto a errrnp for disadvantaged
youths.

Ctromo. on a flight to this Adirondack
community Monday for a town meeting with
residents. said itc had asked members of his
administration to look into alternative uses
for Topridge, the former Adirondack sunr—
rner camp of the latte cereal fortttrrc heiress,
Marjorie Mcrriwcrrilrcr Post.

The governor tolti reporters he felt the
;sttrtc could find a better use for the luxurious
camp titan maintaining it as it conference
cctrtcr for state rrrrd local officials.

Ctrorrro said itc asked several of his top
aides. including 26-ycar<old son Andrew
Cuomo. to consider ttrrnitrg Topridge itrto rt
school for disadvantaged youths where they

 

 

[in

.. ,4. .

“flirty”,

l
.I. wag". I

 

 

could engage in “computer training and err-

"There are a lot of ranchers walking'

 

vironmental study."

l The governor said that under his idea
iyouths from all over the state could be bused
to Camp Topridge for study sessions lasting
“a week or ten days."

Cuomo, while insisting that Camp
Topridge was a “magnificent gift" from the
people of New York state. said it should be

'used for something other than conferences.

Slight jobless drop

’ Albany
(AP)New York's jobless rate dropped last
month and Is now a full point lower than the
national unemployment rate. but state Labor
Department officials say they aren't
celebrating.
| State Labor Commissioner Lillian Roberts
Isaid Monday the unemployment rate dip to
;8.2 percent in August symbolizes only "a
slight improvement in New York state's job
market."

“The primary reason for the 0.5 percent
drop In the unemployment rate was due to a
ureduction in the number of students seeking
summer jobs." she explained.

The comparable rrationtrl urrcrrrployrrtcrrt
,rate for August was 9.2 percent. the stale
Labor Department reported. It said New
York's 8.2 percent rrttc was 0.2 percent lower
,than the state chalked up irr August 1982.

As usual. the lluffalo ttrea. witlt tis struggl-
ing heavy industries. had tltc highest jobless
rate among trrhart rrrcas ol' the state at 10.4
percent in August. That was down nearly 1
perccttt frotn Jtrly I983. ltowcvcr. tttrtl 1.2
pcrcertt lower titan the area recorded in
August 1982. Uttdcr Iirc sttric Labor Depart-
ment's testing methods, the Buffalo area irr-
cludcs Eric rtrtd Niagara counties.

Poughkccpsic had thc state‘s lowest jobless
rate among citics last month at 5.6 percent.

New York City's jobless rate rcrrrairrctl
sicntly itt August at 10.6 percent. nearly idcrr»
ticttl to tire city‘s unemployment level in
August of 1982.

Son kills stepmom

A ltl.\'.\'£‘lld
(AP)Strttc police say rt resident of the St.
Regis lrrdiarr Reservation near here has been
charged with murdering his (ii)-)'Cill'-llili slep-
rrtotlrcr and kidnapping the woman's grand»
niece.

Srcvcrr Anthony Cook. 3ft. was lll'l'L‘Slt‘ti
peacefully at it Syracuse rcslatrrurri Monday
afternoon, according to State Police In
vestigttior R.J. littbcock. Cook was later
returned to Masscnrr and charged with
second-degree murder and weotrdalcgrcc
kidnapping. llabcock said.

The 9-year-old girl. who had hcctr missing
for 12 hours, was safely returned to Mttssclirr
ltttc Sunday rtigltt. litrbcock said.

Tire body of Charlotte ('ook \\il\
discovered itr her St. chis Indian ltcscrtrr
tion lrotrrc at 7:00 u.rn. Sunday he ircr llit‘t't'.
Valerie liencdict. police sttid. Stacy lit-rrctlict.
Mrs. Benedict's daughter. was spending
Saturday night with her gr'cat-rrtrrrl but “as
reported missing on Sunday, police said.

Babcock said an autopsy performed under
the direction of Franklin (‘otrttly Coroner I'r
win Phillips showed the cruise oi lilt‘
wottrttn‘s death to be an upper trit\\.r\
blockage. He said it ililti trot bcctt tlctcrrrrirrcti
whether the woman had been strangled or
choked itr her 0er blood.

Cook is accused of killing Ms. t‘ook. .tb
dtrctitrg the 9-yctrr«old girl and llccing liit'
reservation itt his stcputotlrcr's Will Pontiac
Phoenix. litrbcock said.

 

' PREVIEW OF'

   

‘Roioarch on Women Colloquium on the Leonard Peltlor case and
Issues concerning the American In-
dlan Culture. For more Information
call: 781-4804.

‘wIII be presenting "Mary
Wollstonecraft and Depression: The
Relationship Between the Cult of
Sensibility and Feminism" on
Wednesday. October 5 at 12:15 pm.

EVENTS'

Student Association elections for
Central Council University Senate,
S.A.S.U., Off Campus Board of
Directors. and class of 1987 council
will be held on October 3 untI15 p.m.

For more information call 457-8087.

The Consumer Awareness Cont

taronco: a two day event which will.
feature addresses by several noted
authorities and workshops featur-
Ing highly qualified consumer ex-
ports. will be held October 18 and to.
at the Empire State Plaza. For more'
discussion. Trudail will be speaking, information call: 456-4755.

American lndlan Movement
speaker. John Trudell will be at the
Social Action Center. 221 Central
Ave on Sunday October 2 from 4:30
room pm. for an Informal talk and'

tyoan

The Pro-Law Association will hold a
general Interest meeting on Tues-
day September 27 at 7:30 pm. In
Lecture Center 1. Special guest
speaker will be Marlt Miahier. S.A.
Legal Services Attorney.

Speakers Forum Is on the movoi,
Watch the ASP for information con-
cerning our exciting events. David
Brenner and Kurt Vonnegut will be
lost two of the Intriguing people
we'll be bringing to’campua‘ thiat call (31th at 468-2443 or Amy at

449-7947. ’

Dutch Quad Board will be meeting
Sunday. October 2 In the flagroom
151 7:30 pm. All Interested Dutch
residents are urged to attend. For
more information call: 457-7990.

Environmental Issues at the 1980's
a six week lecture series presented
by Union College's Office of
Graduan and Continuing Educa-
tion studies will begin on_ October 6 '

at Union College. For more later.
matl n : . _
0 ca“ 370-6268 Gemini Cato has begun a search for
comedians and other talorrt.
T°'°"‘°" 9‘ '3 hnvlna Its first A'nyone Interested can perform on

general Intaraat meeting on Tues-
day. October 4 at 7:30pm. In Lee-
turo Center 6. For more information

JSC Hillel students for Israel erI
host an Interest meeting on Tues-
day. September 27 at 8 pm. in Carn-
pua Center 361.

The New Albany Student Union will
hold Its first meeting on Monday.
September 28 at 7:30 pm. In Loc»
ture Center 21. If you’re dissatisfied
with the potential of a bus loo or
another tuition Increasa attend.

Wednesday evenings from 8 pm.
until 4 am. Gemini Cato Ia locaiod
at the corner of Madison and Dave
In Albany. For more Information
call: 482-0044.

 

 

 

“4,.” ,.., ,   ,. . .   ..:.....c-,:,,.

...,..u..t.~.o._..msm.wm WM-

3;

 

 

  

 

By Heldl Gralla

ASSOC/A TE NEWS EDITUR

 

Less than one year after raising the drink-
ing age to 19. New York state legislators are
examining the possibility of raising it to 21 In
January. But this time SASU and bar owners
are launching a campaign to oppose the plan.

SASU President Jim Tierney and several
Albany bar owners are not optimistic that
they will be able to prevent the new drinking
age front being approved by the legislature.

. Tierney and others believe that Gov. Mario
M. Cuorno supports a 21 year-old drinking
age. However, Cuomo press ofﬁcer Richard
Stttrkcy said that at this point. Cttomo only
supports a uniform drinking age for Connec-
ticut, Vcrrrtorrt. New York. New .Ierscy rtntl
otircr states in the region.

Starkey striti Crronto has been in contact
with the governors of those statesjtnd “has
art opctt rrrirrd on the issue."

New Jersey has recently changed its drink-
ittg age [0 21 but Starkey said Cttorno is “a
great cortrpromiscr." so a 20-year-old drink-
ing age could possible be rrgreed upon by the
governors. llc troted. tlrotrglt. that "it's go-
ing to be difficult to get tire legislatures to go
along.”

11' the New York State drinking age is
changed to 21. accoedirrg to Tierney.
SUNYA would probably be a dry cnnrpus. its
is the case with the University of California
— a state witcre the drinking age is 21.

Tierney said SASU will lobby the
legislature to “push real solutions" to the
problems of drunk driving because raising
the drinking age is “a simplistic" solution.
He said SASU supports greater enforcement
of drunk driving laws and increased public
education abort! the dangers of driving
drrrnk.

SASU argues that increasing the drinking
age is unfair to people already given most of
the rights and responsibilities of adulthood:
“They'll give you a riﬂe and put your body

on the line but they won't give you a beer
when you come back home.” But legislators
contend that statistics prove that many auto
fatalities could be prevented by raising the
drinking age.

The statistics aren't all irt yet. because the
19 year old drinking hasn't been in effect for
a full year. However. according to New York
police reports. front January to June 1983.
there were 22.335 auto accidents involving
drivers between the ages of 18 and 20. a drop
of 888 from the same period in 1982.

Tom Apple. spokesman for tire Depart-
tnent of Motor Vehicles Office of Public in-
formation, said the rtrost recent study on
New York state alcohol-related car accidents
that ire has on record was conducted in I981.

The study found that approximately 43
pcrccrtt ol’ the people killed in car accidents in
New York itt 1981 were involved in car ac-
cidents whcrc nlcolrol was a contributing fac-
tor. Thc study did not. Apple noted. cxurnlrre
the ages of drivers irrvoivcd in these incidents.

The owners of llarpo's Pub. Ralph‘s
Tavern, Across the Street Pub. the Long
lirttnch and the Lamp Post are all orgnrrizin..
to lobby the state legislature against rrtisitrg
the drinking age to 21. Tire owners of the
Lamp Post and the Long Branch said they
have not been hard ltit by the new 19-year-old
drinking age.

Lamp Post co-owrtcr ’l‘orty Strbrttirro said
that his sales ltnve declined no trtore tltrrrr 5 —
10 percent. From the business standpoint. Ire
said. changing the drinking age to 21 could
hurt his sales "drastically. but the Lamp Post
will always be here anyway. we'll be creative
cnotrgirt to survive."

He added that as a bar owner, he feels the
controlled atmosphere of a bar is'muclt safer
for drinking titan forcing l8-20-ycar-olds
to drink in the car" if they are not permitted
irtto bars.

In a bar. ire explained. a bartender wil
refuse to serve someone who is apparently
drunk.

SEPTEMBER 27,1983 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 

SA SU, bars fighting drinking age proposal V '

NY Governor Mario Cuomo
"has qrr open mlan on the issue"

Long Branch owner Bob Boor said that
raising the drinking age “would merely drive
the problcrrt underground." He noted that
according to the New York State Tax Depart-
rttcnt. the new drinking age ltas not itnpacted
the total gallonage sales of alcohol. This
means. ire said. “the 18-year-old people are

 

drinking anyway; they just aren't drinking in
..

lﬂVCI'I'IS.

During the last legislative session a bill to
change the drinking age to 21 was proposed
in the Senate but rtot in the Assembly. The
bill died in committee. D

Support workshops started for new students

 

By Radhl Chalasanl

Designed as an extension of the Summer
Planning Conference. a series of support
workshops for new SUNYA students has
been Inrplerncrtted by the University Division
of Student Affairs.

Turnout for the first session Sept. 1‘).
however, was very poor-only two students
were present. according to Director of Orien-
tation planning Martha Fitch. one oftlre pro-
gram's administrators. Both she and Director
‘ 'scarch and Developrrrcnt for Student

‘ arburtt .I. Schoonmttkcr', the ollrcr
individual responsible for the program. at-
tribtrtctl the poor turnout to the fact it was
the first session and to a lack of publicity. As
rt result, more posters have been tlistribtrtcd
on the podium and lit the residence halls in
addition ttr l'lycrs bcitrg ltrtttdctl ottt on the
dinner litres. Purple and (iold. the honor
society of which Sclroontrtrrkcr is an trdvisor.
has also helped to publicize the sessions.
The sessions will be held Mondays,

 

  

 

WILL VUHMAN UPS

Martha Fitch
Plans to offer support works/tops

  

through Oct. 24. front 7-9p.nr. in Lecttrrc
Center 5. Two sessions, “Exploration for
Career Direction Finding" and "Alternative
Learning Opportunities at SUNYA." Itave
already been held. On Oct. 3 there will be a
session on “Time Management." Oct. 10 on
"Study Skills." Oct. 17. on “Academic Ad-
viserrrent in Preparation for
Pro-registration." tttrd Oct. 24 on “Dealing
with Stress and Test Anxiety."

To help organize the workshops.
newcomers wcrc risked to fill out it student irr-
tcrcsl survey at the Summer Planning Con-
ference. Tire responses to the question.
"What student developmental programs
would you be interested in?" were sttmrntrrir-
cd. Schootrnrttkcr. found that students cs-
prcsscti much interest irt study skills and titrrc
nrnnttgcntcrrt as well as interpersonal relation-
ships tutti personal values.

Some of the workshops, such as “Explora-
tiotr for Career Direction Finding" and
“Alternative Learning Opportunities at
SUNYA" were dcsigttcd to hpr freshmen
and transfers look past their first year at
SUNYA. according to Schoorrnurkcr. Fitch
emphasized the irrtpor'tttncc of this aspect.
saying that so many sttrdents get to their
senior year only to say they wislt they had
known about programs such as study
abroad. internships, or community service.
These educational opportunities rrre good
career cxperlerrcc. rrddcd Pitch.

Fitch said the series of workshops was nrt
idea she had bectt tirinking about for a long
time. At a natlorral conference for orienta-
tion directors site learned sinrilar programs
were going on at otircr colleges.

A proposal was first developed two years
ago. This year It final proposal was approved
by the Division of Student Affairs. Referring
to the length of time taken to implement the
program Fitch said. “It is one of those things
that's a real good idea. but difficult to get
together administratively."

Pitch and Selroonntaker said they drew on
the human resources of the university for
people to run the workshops. Joltn Alex-
ander. Director of Career Planning and
Placement. worked withISchoonmaker on
similar workshops in the past. Thomas

Flood. a graduate assistant irt the Ofﬁce of
Vice President for Students Affairs. taugltt a
course in Study skills rtt the high scltool level
for three ycrtrs. Robert Gibson, Assistant
Dean at the Center for Undergraduate
Education. is responsible for coordinating all
government internships. Susan linerman is a
research associate in the area of tirue manage-
rrrcrrt.

“Hopefully a spirroff will be that students
will identify speakers on campus." said
St‘lltnlllmilkcf. Site hoped the speakers will
take on the role as “contact people." site

said.

According to Sclroonntakcr. attendance
will dctcrrttine the format of the meetings.
Because only two sttrdertts were present at the
first meeting. tire discussion was very infor-
ntal. Scitoonrrtaker said.

If any of the sessions stirrtulate a real in-
terest and discussion. Fitch said. the division
would be open to offering another program
or art extension fo the present one. Schoon-
maker and Fitch plan to offer the Academic
Strpporl Series the begirrttitrg of each
semester. l l

 

By Nicole Keys

'rr response to it clash last spring bct\\cctr
Revisionist Zionist Altcrtrttlivc member's
ttrrd members of tire Arttb Student Associa-
tion. Vice President of Sittdctrt Affairs Dr.
Frank l’oguc has scheduled two lectures
dealing with Midtllc liast policy for the
'yetrr.

The lectures will be part of the
President's Lectureship Scrics sponsored by
SUNYA President Vincent ()‘l.t.'ury. This
year‘s scries will consist of otrc lccttrrc trd-
dressing world nffairs each rrrontlr.

Otre of thc lecttrrcs on Midtllc East policy
will be held this semester; the otircr is
scheduled for the spring. Specific topics
and dates ttre still in the plttrtrting stage. ac-
cording to Pogue. who is coordinating the
lecttrre series. Tire speakers, representing
both‘ groups, should be scheduled sometime
in late October, Pogtre said.

The lccttrres are a "urriversity‘sponsoreti
actrvrty ticsrgned to educate the campus
community about policies in the Middle
lEast." said Pogue.

Tire dispute between RZA and ASA
bcgttn dtrring last spring's World Culture
Week when an RZA rnenrber rerrtoved a
poster from the ASA display. touching off
a series of clashes between the two groups.

In addition to the speakers scheduled for .
tltc President's Lecture Series. RZA and

 

O 'Leary sponsors lectures

ASA will sponsor their own.

According to Steve Smith. \‘iL't‘ president
of RLA. the group plans to have tirrcc of its
members act as civilian patrols ttt RZA-
sponsored lecttrrcs. “A lot of RZA cvcrrts
lrrrvc the potential to be explosive situations
and by having RZA nrcrrrbcrs there. it will
keep these events irr perspective." Smith
said.

According to ASA President Zttki Srtlch.
relations between RZA and ASA rrt Albany
should allow crtclr grotrp to express itself on
rtt equal basis. “Our disputes are reflective
at" what is happening in tire Midtllc East.
Everybody should have the rigirt to present
their view about what is lrnppenirrg over
there." said Snich. "Each side can express
its views ttrrd let the American students
decide for themselves." ire trdtlcd.

Differences iii the past between the RZA
and the ASA have resulted irt lrcuted corr-
fronttttions.

The first volurrre of the RZA News. writ-
ten by Gady Buiurrtsohrt. president of RZA.
and Steve Hilsenratir. cltairnrrtrr. asserted.
"We are comtnitted to battle anti-Semitic
propaganda whether it is disguised as anti-
Zionlst or anti-lsracl." When asked what
was meant by “to battle." I-liisenrath
responded that it intplicd “giving people
the best information so that they can be
armed witht he facts to defend lies about
Israel." Hr ' a ' El

 

 

 

. NH...”—



._ﬂ;¢4r .c. .

 

