 

  

 

FRfDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1953

 

 
  
   
   

Record Coop 9
presents ’ '

z’ '
\
OU'I'IAGEOUS OG'I'OBEI " l

with
.U'I' OF COI‘I‘IOL I’IIIGES

  

Michael Jackson’s - “Thriller”

Elvis Costello’s - “Punch the Clock”

 

Joe Jackson’s - “Mike’s Murder”

Rick Jameg’ . “Cold Blooded”

FOR JUST $5.99 (Outrageous)

*
i

Look for our expanded jazz, disco, classical and
"cut-out" sections plus

A complete line of Discwasher Products

and Mm" Tap“ Campus Center Ist Floor
SA nmmsn - BE MERE” use

 

 

 

 

FUR

ANNOUNCI
9h



   

FR

HK5.5:50-9PM
iNFIiRMATIﬂN rtiL:

iilniutrsitu Auxiliary Serums Bpansunti

MWNIVATAWN

 

0 CT. 7 fit
422% @kahw

A New tuN FootD RESTAURANT

4 57- 4 B 33
‘EVERY FRIDAY THROUGH FALL SEMESTER'

NG‘

i DAY

   
    

[A

 

   

 

 

 
 
 
  
 

    
 

UNIVERSITY

4*:

    
         
   
 
  
   

SUNDAY OCT. 23RD AT 8 pm

 

.._ mam. ’

AT THE PALACE THEATRE

 

CONCERT

BOARD

PROUDLY PRESENTS AN EVENHVG WITH

TIX: $7 SUN YA STUDENT
$10 GENERAL PUBLIC
'I'IGIIE'I‘S ON SALE ll 'I‘IIE GAHI'US (Elfin Lgnny
ll-F IIIIII - 3-3. pm ‘

    
 

 

IA FUNDED

ﬁg

 

 
 

    

 

uruvrmwr-m 1a~‘~~\’ J‘.‘ r

  
 

 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7. 1°“

 

Poet’s Page '

 

Stanley Kunitz Reads And Reﬂects

ast Thursday evening the university
I community had the pleasure of
listening to one of America's
foremost poets read his own work. The poet.
Stanley Kunitz. was invited Jointly by the
University Art Gallery and the English
Department. Kunitz's reading concluded a
three week program aimed at uniting the
visual and written arts.

Jay Moore

When one first sees Kunitz. one tends to
conjure Images of the kindly grandfather riot
seen since the last visit. This image is fur-
tliered after Kunitz begins to speak; a
melodic raspirig voice. rich with gentle
tones. The gentleness. however. hides a
sharp intellect and a fiery spirit,

For all of his seventy~eight years. Kunitz
remains a very young man. lie expresses a
profound interest In youth. explaining that
filllsl of his closest friends "are between
twenty arid thirty " | le is also associated with
the Fine Arts Work Center in i’rovtrrcetowrr.
a resident corrrrrrurrity of artists and writers,

Another theme that Kunitz had developed
witirirr his reading was that of a son searching
for his father through inward contemplation.
Kurrttz told the audience of the reasons
behind this fixation. stating. "i lost my father
to suicide before I was born. and I've been
searching for him ever since." He read four
poems dealing with his father and himself.
including his very much acclairrred "Father
and Son."

it is evident that Kurritr's search for his
father has had a profound impact upon him.
Although admittedly an iinproliftc poet. his
works concerning this theme have been
quite a foisorr. This search for his father has
taken both the artist and his readers dowr
many spiritual avenues. In "The Testing
Tree." Kuniu endows his father with deity-
like powers. begging. "father. bless my good
rtglrt arm." while trr “The Portrait." he lashes
out at his mother for concealing from him
the man behind the deity.

The thematic approach lhat~Kurritz ap-
peared to take In his reading also scented to
center upon places and events in his own life
that have impressed him. in W76. he lived
in Washington. serving as a consultant in

 
  
 

 

poetry to the Library of Congress. During his
sojourn there. there was an exhibition of
memorabilia from the life of Abraham Lin-
coln that affected him deeply. Out of this was
born a monumental and moving poem. en-
titled “Tlie Lincoln Relics." He also read a
poem recounting his home on Cape Cod.
and an experience he had there encounter-
ing a beached whale. “The Welllleet Whale"
reveals the feelings and impressions Kunitz
had after sighting the whale. and then being
sighted by the whale itself. at least by its large
red eye On that very moving note. “The
Wellfleet Whale." and with it. the reading.
came to .r close Stanley Kunitz looked up.
closed his portfolio. and offered a quiet
“thank you" to the audience.

During the reception following the reading. l
was able to ask Mr Kunitz a few questions,
Over champagne cocktails. we discussed the
following:

Mr Ktttilll. you are considered one of llir'
foremost modern poets. yet while many of
your fellow poets have been experimenting
in forrri and technique. you have followed a
traditional forrri and style. Why haven't you
followed these others?

"i don't think I have any traditional forrri.
but to me poetry doesn't need gadgetry.
Language is the greatest invention; working
with the words is enough. one doesn't need
anything else. Well. let's Just say I'm not
quite settled yet."

Do you feel that young poets can break
through the legacies that have been left by
yourself and others?

"There is a problem there. Our civilization
is the first to really sponsor poetry. There are
so rriarry young poets out there. where there
used to be only a few. It is very difficult to
break through the mathematical numbers. I
don't [relieve that is necessary though — one
does not have to be famous to be a poet."

Do you have any advice that you give to
any of the young poets out there?

"Don't try to be fasioriable. be honest; and
remember. a poet is in search of the truth
within. Poetry isn‘t something you just have
—~ it must be learned. you rrrust read the
greats and learn from them."

  

 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
   

 
 

  
   
  
 
 

     
 
 

 

 

 

Stanley Kliliifl makes a point at the Uniuersity Art Gallery

 

Laura Bostick UPS

You seem to have an interest in Russian llolow his intuitions. not any predetemined
..

poetry. why is that?

“There was a period when Russian poetry
was very close to American poetry. The Rus-
sian poets were heros in their own land. and
there were many of us who thought that
poetry would be a bridge between the two
coutries, eliminating the political
differences."

You don't seem to like politics

“No. it's a shame to think in terms of
governments. instead of their people. When
i was in Russia. i found that the people
Weren't very different. it's the nations that
are evil. not the people. You must care
about humans and life, care if life survives.
What with this nuclear threat. who knows!
I'm against nations oh. and religions.
Neither of them let people exist. l’octry will
outlast all the nations

Many people tend to believe that today we
live iii the most violent age. betwucn the
bomb and pervasive terrorism Ito you
lit-Iii'vr- that this is holy the most violent age?

“No The most violent era was World War
It. the Holocaust. llttlrrr Everything was evil.
you weren't inst fighting for a castle. you
were fighting against total hatred and evrl."

During the. war. you wrote quite a few
poems dealing with hatred and violence in
which you saw yourself as carrying the light
of peace. Will you be taking up this theme
again?

"My anger towards these evils has not
dlrniiished. but it has changed. I can't tell
whether or not I will deal specifically with
these themes in the future. A post must

 

 

thematic course.

Are you sometimes angry that even as a
prominent poet. you haven't been ex~
ceedingly popular on a nation-wide scale?

"No. One rrrust realize that this is not a
poetry loving country. Our society is not like
many others which emphasize popularity in
poetry."

What do you think would happen if pot-try
suddenly became popular?

"Total revolution. A society that does not
love poetry would suddenly find itself look-
trrg through a poet's eyes. eyes that view the
world in radically different ways than their
own."

As a roan of seventy‘cight do you fk‘L'l that
you can corrtrnttirlcate to a person fifty Wars
younger than yourself?

“Yes Most of my personal friends are
much younger than myself i really don't
consider rriyself a part of my generation 1
still teach at Columbia and help \vrth the
:omriiuirity center in l’rovincctowri llike the
younger poets. they are angry. and one riot-s
like to be against something. The only dil-
fereiicc I feel is that l have become more
serene,"

 

Sorrietinrcs it's very difficult to characterize
a man in very few words. With Stanley
Kunitz the difficulty is greatly reduced. Car»
trig and passionate relect Kunitz very well.
He cares deeply about truth. nature. and
humanity. For Kunitz. “you must care if life
‘survtves; all life." Above all. people must be
true to themselves and true to the world
'around them. as all true poets are. L1

  

  

 

 

    

   

