 

 

 

WORLDWIDE

 

Shultz seeks accord

Cairo.‘ Egypt
(AP) Secretary of State George P. Shultz said
Monday he tirinks he can win an agreement
for withdrawal of foreign troops from
Lebanon. and indicated the United States
would offer to ltelp guarantee lsracl's securi-
ty to speed an accord.

“President Reagan has sent me here to
show America's determination to help in the
process of peace in the Middle East." Sliultz
said following his l3-hour journey from
Washington.

He said he would stay in the region as long
as there was hope of achieving a withdrawal
agreement. which lie described as “very do-
able." .

Shultz indicated that the acttrnl timetable
for getting about 60.000 foreign troops otrt of
Lebanon may be worked otit later. He said he
would bring up the possibility of an expand-
ed U.S. role in Lebanon dttritig dlsctrsslons
with Israeli and Lebtiriesc leaders.

Shultz told reporters he also may discuss
Reagan's faltering Middle East peace in-
itiative during his trip. bttt that his chief airtt
will be a troop withdrawal agreement.

Polish workers warne

li’onraw, Poland'
(AP) Roman Catholic primate Cardinal
Jozef Glemp has warned Polish workers it
could be dangerous to join the May Day
demonstratiorts called by Solidarity

 

 

 

 

"One prisoner is dead.“ said James
Stabile. a Department of Correctiorts
spokesman. "He is on the roof of the front

 

underground leaders. It Catltolic newspaper
reported Monday.

Solidarity chief Lcclt Walesa returned to
the Lenin shipyard in Gdansk where he led
the August 1980 strike that helped create the
independent union.

Walesa underwent a medical examination
and a safety refresher course at the yard
Monday and was to consult his boss itt the
yard Tuesday. He said he could resume his
duties as an electrician as early as Wednes-
day. Walcsa was interned with tnost other'
Solidarity leaders under the martial law
decree of December l9lil. After his release
from internment last Nov. II. he drew a
salary from the union.

Gleinp‘s warning. in a speech Sunday in
the central Polish city of (inicrno. was car-
ried in the daily Slowo Powsrechne. publish-
ed by tlie Catholic lay organization Pas
which has close ties to the Communist
government. Neither Olemp nor other church
officials could be reached for comment on

his remarks.
 i“ ‘u‘ .n:. 4

NJ inmate killed

Trenton. New Jersey
(AP) One inmate was killed trying to escape
from the Trenton State Prison on Monday
and a sccorui inmate was trapped in razor-
sharp strands of racial surrounding the roof.-
ofl'icials said.

     

 

of the old administration building." The
cause of death was not immediately known.

Stabiie said the two were spotted on the
roof by guards iii a tower who were itriiicd
with pistols. rifles and shotguns.

Stabile said the prison was urtder a
lockdown. "where we prit everyone back in
their cells and there is it head count being
conducted."

“No chance” for bid

it ’uslti'nglo/i. D. C.
(AP) The Reagan administration's attempts
to spur major reductions lll Soviet lurid-based
rnis lcs have "virtually no chance" at the
bargaining table. a Carnegie panel said Mon—
day.

 

The bipartisan group also expressed reser-
vations about a iiucl'ar free/c. saying that
could prove a “two-edged sword" by
precluding the dcvclopitierit of weapons
which actually could enhance strategic
balance.

The Krctnliit's rigid btircatrcracy. wedded
to long-term military planning. is highly
tinlikely to agree to radically reduce the heavy
intercontinental ballistic missiles which ac-
count l‘or about 75 percent of Soviet nuclear
strength. said the report.

But while inrplicitly criticiring the ad-
ministration's proposals for a strategic arms
reduction treaty arid its stress on air-tight
verification procedures. the paith said the
Soviets may be willing to accept more lirttited
restrictions on nuclear wcapoits.

 

 

 

LESLiE FRATKIN ASP

Rescuers revel in note

Morin! Vernon. Kentucky
(AP) Two resettc divers found a handwritten
note Monday that said eight inuateur
speltitikcrs. trapped two days ago iii a
southeastern Kentucky cave by rising water.
were alive arid in good condition.

Word of the note reached resellers orrisidc
the cave about 5:50 p.m'.. fottr hours after a
Iirnc written on the note. it said the eight
took shelter on a dry ledge after a sudden
rainstorm caused a stream inside the cave to
rise Saturday. sealing the only escape route.

Tom Staubitz. vice chairman of the
Greater Cincinnati Grotto. the club to which
the explorers belong. joyoust announced the
finding.

The note indicated all eight were “active
and moving around." he said.

Satellite is rescued

ll’aslii'ngton. I). 6‘.
(AP) NASA citginccrs irave rescued a $22
million satellite — itself aimed at helping
rescue survivors of airplane and ship ac-
cidents — from spinning uselesst in space.
And they are preparing to save an errant
communications satellite citrricti aloft by the
shuttle Challenger.

Jim Elliott. spokesman for the Natioriai
Aeronautics and Space Administration. said
Monday that the environmental monitoring
satellite called NOAA-E was finally iii place
-- after a month of spinning like a propeller
— and is ready to serve as the first
spaceborne American search and rescue
system.

 

 

 

 

The search and rescue satellite was launch-
ed into a near-perfect polar orbit from
Vandcnbcrg Air Force Base March 28. but its
attitude control tltrusters fired wildly and
sent it into a spin.

STATEID

   

Clerk wins appeal

New York
(AP) A state appeals cotrrt Monday
reinstated the Westchester County clerk as
overseer of the state motor vehicle licensing
btircnu in the conttty. although the bureau
now is under state control.

In its decision. the Brooklyn-based Ap-
pellate Division of state Supreme Court said.
“We believe that the public interest. the
Iegitirnatc concerns of the state arid the court-
ty. and the intent of the Legislature. . .are
best satisfied by allowing the state to assume
direct responsibility for the provision of all
motor vehicle services iii Westchcster ('oun-
ty. with the county clerk acting as his till-\iic
supervisor."

The decision noted. however. that icgisln-
ioti is pending to rcrtiove the duties from the
office of the county clerk because of the
"substantial operating deficits and practical
difficulties" of counties administering slate
trtotor vehicle offices.

County Clerk Andrew .1. Spano filed the
suit against County l.. ectrtive Atttiieu
O'Rourke after the cottrity went through “till
the previous county executive’s plan to llllli
the auto office function over to the slttlc rind
ctit off the county funds for the operation
The transfer went into effect on April I. \\Ill|
.lll strttc staff rttrrning the off t.

The Supreme Court iii Westchester ('otttit\
denied Spano‘s suit for reinstatement. and
tire matter was appealed.

  

Senators locked in

.-ll/ttrtiv
(AP) State Senate Republicans took the ot
t‘ensive against "stalling" Democrats Mon
day by lockitig sertators in the Clttltttltcis .rrrd
postponing a confirmation hearing for it pro
speciive state commissioner.

A "closed call of the house." ordered In
Senate Mttjority l.eiidcr Warren Alltlt'txirtt.
R~liinghamton, was enforced on Motttl.i\
with all members needing permission from
Anderson or whoever was sitting in for lrlrii
before being allowed to leave the Clltlllllit'H.

Governor Mario Cuomo Irad urged Sciatic
leaders not to allow “ultra-house prolutul
differences" to hold tip moves to increase
unemployment benefits or the gtnctiiirr's
$l.25 billion bond issue proposal to repair
highways. bridges and other public works.
aide Timothy Russcrt said.

lint Ciiotno's nomination to make .ltlxt‘ltll
Gerttcc the state's new agricriliurc L'tttitlllii'
sioner was held up Monday by the squabbl-
mg.

Senate Agriculture Committee (‘Irniiiurin
l’atil Keltoe. R-Monroc. announced that
because of “immature. dilatory actions ol
the Democratic minority.“ he had "in
dcfittitcly postponed" (icrace‘s confirmation
hearing.

 

        

    

VIW ,
Reﬁt“   ,.

 

day. April 29 at 9pm. Admission Is carts at 7856336.
$1 for members. $1.75 with a tax-

Rotaxation Studies In PdSI and 7:30pm in L06.

 

29 at 30m In PH

r u

 

will appear In concert on Friday. Comm Council. the

 

 

F EN
~ 

Greek and Cypriots Student lice at Colonle Center. Empire State‘

Association presents an evening of Plaza. Uncle Sam Atrium, Stuyvo Cars. typewriters. tires. and other
Greek iood. modern and Greek sant Plaza and Proctor's Arcade. surplus items will be auctioned off
music. beer. wine and lots of fun in For group rates and more ticket in by the NYS Office of Gonoral Ser-
the Brubacher Halt Ballroom. on Fri- formation call Family Affair Con Vices on Wednesday. April 27 at

S

- Grammy Awards show. slon Is at 8pm tonight in LG 6.
legislative visit. sponsored by Kelly Lane. Ruth
Apt“ 29 at 5w" in the COIlaeum body of SA. will meet Wednesday. Swoboda and Cathy Catongo. will
Theatre In Lalhom. Tickets are Apr” 27 at 7:30pm in CC 375. A new be the last visit on Alumni Quad for
- valtable at the Community Box Ot- Chair and vice-Chair will be elected. the 1982-83 academic year. All

The Jawbone Reading Series
presents readings by Judith Sher-
win. wlnnor of several poetry and
fiction national awards. on Wednos‘
day. April 27 at noon in HU 854.

 

10am at the the State Office Cam-
pus (North Side). Items to be auc-

card and $2.25 for the general Civil rights In Northern lroland. tfoned are Inspected two hours
public. discussed last November by Bar- before the 59'0 begins.

A Physics Colloquium entitled nadotte Devlin McCalllskoy.w|l|b6 An Organic/Inorganic Chemistry
“Atomic Diffusion and Structural shown on Thursday. April 28 at Seminar entitled "Photochemistry

of Altyilc Sulphur Compounds" will

GdCO Amopho'oug Alloys"'wl|ibo Irish Awareness Committee of be presented by Saleem Ahmad
presented by D. Gupta from IBM. SUNYA ls holding a dissussion led from SUNYA. today at 4:30pm In
Yorktown Heights on Friday. April by Austin Devlne. a native of Nor- CHM 151.

129‘ thern Ireland. entitled “Why all the The American Red Cross Blood.
The lmporlala. the first gospel Flack about this Year‘s St. Patrick's mobile will be on Alumni Quad.
group to appear on nationally Day Parade in NYC?“ The dlscus- Waterbury Hall lounge on Friday.

April 29 from 12:20 to 6:30pm. The

potential blood donors are urged to
Sign up with the sponsor prior to the
day of the visit.

A composer performance concert
featuring works by Neil Roinlck and
Julie Kabat will be held on Satur-
day. April 80 at 8:80pm in tho RPI
Chapel and Cultural Center. 2125
Burdett Avenue. Troy. Admission is

internships are available for Sum-
mar and Fall In the NYS Defenders
Association. the Governor's Office
and the Community Dispute Settle-
ment Program. For more lnlorma~
tion go to CUE In ULB 36.

Zotetlcs. the University philosophy
club, Invites the public to Join In a
discussion with Professor Diane
Raymond of Bentley College on
Philosophy and feminism. today at
4pm In HU 290. Professor Raymond
will begin by speaking on "A
Fomlnlst‘s Perspective on Pater-
ngllam." Refreshments will be serv-
e ' .

 

 

A Statistics Colloquium entrilnr
“Catastrophe Tltoory not
Statistics" will be presented by in
I. Richard Savage from Yale UtilVl-l
Slly on Wednesday. Arpil 27 n
3:45pm in ES 140.

All SUNYA women's party
welcomes students. staff and facul-
lit to attend an afternoon of
refreshments and music for tho
body and soul on Thursday. April .78
from 3:30pm to 5:30pm in tin.»
Patroon Lounge. .
Capital District tNFACT (Infant For
mula Action Coalition) invites the
Public to an evening of controttnncr
and country dance Ioaturlng Peter
DuFault and the Kitchen Kayll“
Band on Friday. April 29 at 7:30i"n
In St. Patrick's Parish Hall. 283 Con-
trol Avenue. Albany. Tho proceed5
will be used to further the efforts of
INFACT. _
Novelist. short story writer. ﬁnd
critic. James McConkey. will tend
from his recently published colloc-
lion of atoriea Court of Memory on

Thursday. April 26 at 4pm In HU 354.

 

 

 

 

 

... .._ ._.....

 

‘*='?Artw:.2¢...r;,3

" u." ‘s: "w-
‘ atrial

 

APRIL 26, 1983 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Industry forces choice of jobs or environment

 

By Mark Hammond

 

Job blackmail. That's the scare tactic used jobs."
by business. industry arid even the govern-

leading environmentalist charged.

ment,"

virunnicrtl.

during a press corrfcrcirce iii the Legislative Willow"
()fl'ice lluilding Friday.
"lirnploycrs and polluters don't wattt peo-

u

and otrr health. contended (lrussrtiiin.

A blatant example. said (irossurati. was the

While business and industry are “Squawk-
ment to frighten the public into believing that ing" that pollution control systems. clean air
"overly stringent" environmental and health and water laws exact a heavy toll in employ-
regulations will cost thousands of jobs. a merit. Grossman and his colleagues contend
that just the opposite is true — that over

"it's time to explode the myth that we I00.()()0 new jole have been created as a
need to sacrifice jobs for a clean enviroir- result of cl

 

said Richard (irossman. director of 200.000 jobs because of clcair water laws. In
the Washington. DAL-based group. En- addition. more than 520.000 could be created
virotimentalists for Full Employment, and by I987 in the research. constrtteiion and
co-tuithor of tire recently-released Fear AI rnnintenattceofpoliutioncotitrol systems. he
Work: Jul) Huck/nail. Lolmr and the Etl- tttnittlalttcd.

But. according to the EPA. over 35.000
workers have lost their jobs since I97l as a

Job blackmail. ;. I'm." Ur COL-ruin" during result of envirorurietitai regulations. Accor-
back to the industrial revolution. is on the (lint: l0 Urmstlitln. lIUchcr. this ctittttls
rise again iii this era ol'grent cortcerii for botlr "fewer Illilll 3.000 WUtkCrS it yet" hlm‘c 1971
jobs and the environment. said (‘rrossmari — 01“ 0f ‘1 WUtklnrt‘C 01' "10W llHIII lle

Grossmun's new book. I’m/r rrt li’urk. co-
ple to ktrow the facts. They would rather atttliored by Richard Kai/is. details in Jill)
scttrc us ittlo believing the myth that we itiust pages “the Reagan administration's attacks
choose between our jobs and otir cttviron- on worker tiitd cirviromiiental rights. the cf—
mcitt. . .bctwccn out ccortoinic well—being feet of environmental laws on inflation. pro-
dtictivity atrtl
blackmail works,"

Accordittg to .lrrdith l’iick. cvecutivc direc-
I‘)Xl shutdown of a (lull arid Western Iitic tor of Albany's l-‘rrtirottincutttl Planning
irtitic iii Attstirivillc. Va. which left 300 per- Lobby. all major utilities are guilty of job
sorts out of work. The cotiipany claimed that blackmail ittid often cite “some \cty faulty

exploration. divided the nation into two
er-qurm camps: "those who want to preserve
everything" and “those who like to have

air laws and more than

innovation. and how job

the cost of controlling smoke. dust uttd “igur‘cs” to back tip their claims. “We have 7 ' ‘I' '

cyanide ctttrnissions forced their lttrritl —- btit corporations telling us tirat Iriotc jobs were
rut ensuing investigation by the liiivii‘oirinctb lost than ever existed." sltc \llltl.

Nuclear power. back claimed. is "rut iti-
woirld lirrvc been dcpielctl by Will. with or credible wrisrc
without ertvironriicnlal regulations. And. a energy is generated." She would rather see
statement ptthlislrcd by the nation's most muney l'unnellcri into conservation and
powerful labor trtiioii. the All-(10. cun- renewable products M \tlticlt she said. would
Icrttlcd that "crrviroiuiicuttil regulations have cost less lll botli production and stile price.

Ial Protection Agency found that the orc

not bccti the primary cause of even one plant
shutdown.

labor unions like the Steelworkers. Auto " i .
.lob blackiuail is DH rilcirt in government workers and Machinists — long-time sup-

ul‘ money for how much

 

"Employers and polluters . . . would rather
scare us into believing the myth that we must
choose between our jobs and our environment. ”

Director. [invirorrmtvrtolivts for Full Eriiploytrient

...‘

—- Rir-lturrl Grossman

  

 

 

 

its well. Urossmuu charged. For example. he pottcrs of the cutitoruucninlist cause w are climate of fear to drive

said. Defense Secretary ('aspar Wcittlrct'gcr now so preoccupied with their owrt survival
varncd last September that a $I0 billion cirt tlrcy Inrvc less resources to tlctote to err-
iii military spending would cost 150.0lltijobs. \’ll't)lllllcllllll

while Secretary of the interior .lamcs Watt. irt (irossmaii.
defense of opctrirrg irp offshore iris and oil

tict ivisut. according to

lirirploycrs are taking ndtrrritagc of today's

 

 

down wages. likely relegate health and environmental can

eliminate benefits. change work rules. (and) side-rations to a low level."

weaken worker organizations.“ lte said.
ltr tiie irriiriediatc future. (irosstuair said he ii'ork. is “to help create a cliriiatc where

.
(irossmari's goal, sci lortir iri Fear rrt

anticipates "attempts to enact emergency ‘jobs versus the environrneut' threats or;

jobs and training legislation which will most quickly cvposcd and discredited." f l

SASU says common damage fee is ineffective

lly Aileen llrown

The institution of u corrunott at it damage fee to allcViate
vandalism on SUNY campuses "has not proven to be very
effective iii reducing vandalism." according to SASU presi-
tlcut Jim 'I 'rncy. He further charged that “a common area
damage l'cc ttiay prove to cost more to administer than to
help in offsetting vandalism costs."

The statewide student associ tioir opposes the fee recour-
ructidcd by New York State Legislative (,‘ornmissiori oti lis-

 

 

 

 

 

l . ~

LISA SIMMONS UPS

Graftitl ln Campus Center
A disincentive for stopping vrrrtrlulislir.

pcriditurc Review (l.t'l-‘Rl. which was based on a report ol
ll SUNY campuses.

l'lie report cited 2.150 instances of vandalism iii 04 dor-
mitories, along with Sun fires in eight rcportirtg campuses
front l‘)7tl-lil. The major causes of campus vattdrilisrri cited
wcic alcohol abuse. academic and social stress on students.
non-students on campus and poor maintenance and repair.

“SASU believes the cornruoti riien damage fee is llll-
itislit'itrbic for several reasons." said 'l'icritcy. “The worst
effect the fee will have is that it will cause disincentive for
the student government and residence stuff to forru pro-
grams to stop \ruidalism. ’l‘hc rrrorrcy available from the fee
will decrease the incentive to locate perpetrators and will iti-
:rcttsc the number of people held accountable for the
damage."

According to 'l'icrriey. “’l'his collective grtilt idea means
that more people will be billed for darnngc limit are actually
guilty of tire vandalism."

The proposal. according to Dr. James Smoot. vice
chancellor of educational services at SUNY ('cntral. “grew
out of a study on the problem of vandalism in common
areas. SUNY (‘cntral believes that the fee is permissive
enough to be easily applied to the various campuses in the
SUNY system iii that it doesn‘t require -aeh campus to
adopt the proposal The fee can be adopted by each in—
dividual campus that feels they cart legitimately and fairly
recover their cos .* dttc to vandalism. according to Smoot.

“i don't feel it will redtrce ittcciitivc to redtrce vandalism
bccatrsc the fee is similar to a deposit itt that it will be
rcftrndcd. either partially or iii full. at the end of the year if
the funds have not been utilitcd.“ he said. “This will retain
incentive iii that if tlte money is not tiscd to pay for willful
and malicious property damage. it will be rcttrrned to the
students. This also applies to students who do not remain iii
the residence halls for the L'lllll’t.‘ year. They will be refunded
the appropriate amount."

SASU. however. feels that Ilrc rnoticy ttvailable to be ap-
plied to vandalism will “create a pool of funds that ctitt be
abused." according to 'l‘ici'ncy. “Approxinuitcly til) percent
of the coitiruoit area damage is already paid for by the
students tlierttselvcs through dorm charges. which cort-
tributc to the maintenance operation budget. The remain-
ing ll percent of the money allocatcd to pay for the damage
is partially paid for by students who are billed for
damages." ‘

 

 

Another objection which SASU has to the dorrri damage
fees. said 'l‘ici‘riey. is that through administrative costs. the
amount of money available to actually pity for damage to
the dorms will be severely decreased. According to 'l'icr‘ucy.
"the trizrsimum amount per student which is billed to tire
general fund because of dorm damage is one to two dollars.
Just the cost of adiriinistct‘irrg the fee will be prohibitive
enough to favor instead increasing programs arid incentives
against vandalism instead of a fee. Tltcrc could instead be
cash incentives for sitidciits that report vundirlisrii. and pro-
grams foctisiug on drtrg and alcohol abuse. which are the
two main factors cited in dormitory vandalism."

According to Tierney. llte question of instituting a corti-
moii damage fee for all dormitory students also has legal
implications iii that it would be billing all the residents of a
dormitory for damage to their common areas. which marry
of the students billed will have piayctl no part iii. The ques-
tion raised. he said. “is if it is constitutional to bill someone
for cotnrtion area damage whether they are guilty of the
damage or not." Dr. Smoot. however. commented that he
did riot know if it would be legal: “The fact ill
nolicy fora state school means that it has to f sues.
is this which private schools do not. We are basing the pro»
aosal on a deposit arrangement that many private schools
rave which charges students for damage done to common
areas. it is still tlttcletir as to whether this will be legal for
public institutions or not."

     

Finally. SASU's position is that the fee is jttst a proposal
to “cool off legislators" who see this concern as a good
chance to "promote themselves" said Tierney. “Thc corti-
riiission on higher education has iti fact praised SUNY on
'hcir rcductiott of vandalism" said 'l'iei'ney. “Anti when
you look at SUNY itt comparison to most Northeastern coi-
cges. we hav ' a vandalism rate which is approximately 50
percent lower than other institutions.”

Steve Allingcr. program analyst for the lligltcr Educa-
tion Committee. commented that “SUNY aircitdy docs a
fairly good job in rcdticitrg vandalism. i don't think that it
compares unfavorabiy to other institutions. We also have
to consider that the institution of airy fee isjust another ex-
tra charge which contributes to the cost of the institution.
And considering that there is already going to be a raise in
dorm charges of $150. I think that it is preferable to see if
other programs cotild be more effective." I' '

 

   
  
  
    
 
   
  
   
    
     
    
  
   
    
   
 
  
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
    
  
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
    
        
   
      
  
    
    
    
     
    
   
   
   
    
    
    
    
  
    
   
   
    
     
    
    
 
   
   
    
     
    
    

   
  
     
  
   
    
   
      
       
   
      
  

      
       
   
      
  
   
 
  
 
 
    
   
 

