  

 
  

,h Navw...‘ “we e... 'Mm-.-—w«,

 

“4“

v --t .

 

 

14 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 13 FEBRUARY [8. 1983

Financial
Control
Board OK’s
City budget

’ New York. N. Y.
(AP) Tlte city‘s proposed budget
for next year was approved Thurs-
day by the Financial Control Board
after two board members —- the
governor artd state corrrptroller —
differedpublicly abotrt Irow some
Medicaid aid to localities would be
handled.

Before the rrnaninrorrs board vote
on the $16.5 billion city budget.
Comptroller Edward Regalt criticiz-
ed the way Gov. Mario Ctromo
plans to have the state gradually
assume local Medicaid costs. Regan
said the payments to localities. in-
clttding New York City. would
corrre our of the spring burrowing,

and tlte ttmortttl would be rolled
over into the next state fiscal year.

Cuomo denied that was the cltse.
at least for this ycrtr and next. Ask-
ed after tlte rnecting whether it
might apply to later year. Ctrorno
replied: "I think that tltcre is no
question if we agree as to the
substance of what orrgltl to be
done. it would be very easy for the
state to corrte together with the
comptroller and do it in a way he This is Olsen's secortd problem
regards as prudent.“ with the elections. The first pro-
blem arose when he accidentally
printed the wrong election date on
the elections ads. which resulted in
council changing the election date
to tnatch the date on the ads. Olsen
said that the mix-up in dates was
completely his fault.

Corso contends lltat Fromm is at
fault for the mix-up. although Cor-
so admitted that constitutionally
the blame lies wltlr himself because
he is responsible for the election
commission. Corso noted that he
expected Fromm to notify Olsen
because the “legislative chair is
reponslble for getting policy and
amendments to policy put in the

<3
responsibility of notifying him of
changes in the elections regulations.
He said the error was no one's
fatrlt. adding that "in tertns of ex-
actly where the breakdown occur-
red in the communications net-
work. it's still unresolved.”

Regan said after the meeting that
there were "indications" in
(‘tromo's proposed budget that
Medicaid aid would be financed
from spring borrowing. He said the
state already rolls over $1.6 billion a
year from the spring borrowing as
aid for education.

Regan said the state would be
borrowing tip to $2 billion extra by
I‘)Rli to finance Medicaid. and roll-
ing the amount irtto the next fiscal
year. “It will be big hit itr 1988 on
the spring borrowing." Regatt said.
"I fell 1 had to raise this flag of
warning." 1

SA bi7elections cause confusion

right places." He said Fromm
should have attached a copy of the
bill to the elections policy.

Mike Corso has chosen to
postpone the election rather than
risk "a scandal or contested elec-
tion."

As restitution to the candidates
inconvenienced by the postpone-
ment. Corso proposed that Council
offer to match the number of cam-
paign posters bought by candidates

with replacement posters. Council.

passed the proposal 19-1-7.

Olsen ﬁgured that the error was
not a costly one. He estimated that
costs would come to ttnder $100 in-
clttding about $20 to pay poll wat-
chers who showed up for work and
about $50 for replacement posters
for the candidates.

Several candidates were upset by
the postponement. State Quad con-
didates Sat Perednia and Steve
Gawly told Council that they were
displeased at having to campaign
for another week and unhappy with

for the results.
the stress of waiting another week
There were some candidates.
however. who welcomed the chance
to do more campaigning. Indian
Quad candidate Felicia Benson said
she was “relieved” that the election
was postponed for a week. She
pointed out that candidates on her
quad had been given very little time
to campaign since the positions on
Indian Quad had opened only a
week before the election date.
Dutch Quad candidate Michael
Carmen was grateful for the extra
campaign time, but critical of
Council's error. "I think it was a
very irresponsible act and the
epitome of what's been going on in
Council — they can't even plrll off
an election correctly." he said. I '1

FIGHT THE
HIKE!!!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

First of all, it's not you who gets naked,
it's a bottle of Today’s Schaefer.

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
  

What
a friend to try it. Don
what beer it IS.

What will hap en is the same thing
that happened w en we tried it on beer
drinkers in New York.

8 out of 10 liked it. They said it was a
smooth, good tasting beer.

And when we tried it on more beer
drinkers, they were surprised to find
out it’s Schaefer beer.

No surprise to us, though. Today's
Schacfer rs being brewed by the '
Stroh family, who have devoted
their 200 years of brewing
experience to making Schaefer
better than ever.

Test it yourself before you try
it on a friend.

Today's Schaefer will make a
Schaefer drinker out of you.

you do is strip off the label and ask
t let him (her?) know

"let! us about your naked beer
test and we may print it. Write
to: Scimcfer Naked Beer 'Ii’st,
HO. Box 1703, Grand Central
Station, NY, NY. 10163.

(0 Will. 5- lurch-t IItr-urrtg t 'ottrpatry. l.t-Irrjllr Vallry. l'.I

TRY THE
NAKED
:51:

‘

 

 

 

 

wwv_

 

 

 

 

J.V. Danes beat Oneonta, 78-61
Winning streak now at six games

 

By Alan Somkln
sort-1“ ll‘lll l'b'll

 

 

The Albany State junior varsity basket-
ball team extended their winning streak to
six games Tuesday rtight with a 78-61 vic-
tory over the Onconta Red Dragons.

Albany had not played since Wednesday.
brtt the six-day layoff did not seem to Ittrrt
lltetrr. The Danes Irave been playing ex~
cellent defense during their streak. led by
6'1" guard J.J. Jones. Although no official
stats are being kept on this category. Jones
has had a lot of steals during the six-game
spttn. lie had unofficially 10 alone in the
Orrcdonta game.

“We're rt faster leatrr than them so I was
able to gamble on defense and go for the
steals" s‘aid .lones.

It took Albany the first scvetr minutes of
the game to realize they were 11 faster team.
They let Orrcontrt control the tempo of the
game and found themselves trailing 8-).
Albany head coach Barrty ('rtvrmrtugh irr-
structcd his team to pill on full court
pressure defense. 'I'hey responded with four
quick steals lending to six points. (iuru'd
Doug Kilmer was on the receivirtg end of
three passes by Jolrcs off steals to convert
three Iaytrps. The Danes took control of the
game at this poirtt and never really looked
back. A IZ-footcr by Brian Kortppila gave
Albany rttt Iii—121cad with 5:37 remaining in
the first half. their biggest lerrtl tip to that
poilll.

Successful free throws by the Dtrncs

Danes lose

<Back Page
tempts. The Danes only lrad eight chances
from the foul line.

Tire Union lead hovered between five and
seven points until the 2:15 mark when they
moved out to their brggest lead of the game.
54-45 on a bucket by D‘Orttrio.

Albany made it close scoring the final
five points of the game to bring the final
margin to 54-50. The Danes had a chance to
close within two with 15 seconds left. but a
fortl line jumper by Dieckelrrran hit the
front of the rim and botrnded irtto the arms
of a Union defender.

“I tried to pull up arid the ball slipped irt
my hands and the shot was short.“
Dieckelman said. The senior played the err-
tire 40 minutes for the first time irt his
Albany career.

“I probably let Dieckclrnau play too
long. He said he wasn't tired. but that
tnight have affected his shots at the end.“
Sauers commented.

Union improved their record to 16-4 and
is currently ranked fifth in New York state.
"Union has a very good learn. they deserve
a bid to the NCAAs." Sarrcrs said.

However Albany’s chances for an at-
large bid arc in jeopardy because they now
have eight losses. The Danes will receive an
automatic bid to the tonrnarnerrt if rheywin
the SUNYACs next weekend in Potsdam.
“We play a far tougher schedule than any
other team in New York strttc. We've
played 12 games against the top 11 learns in
tire state. The most any other learn has
played is eight. Plus we also played Scran-
ton. the number one team irr the nation."
Saucrs said. "We also have Ithaca coming
in Saturday night.”

The Danes closed otrt their SUNYAC-
East regular season play with a victory over
Orreonta Tuesday night in Orreorrta. Albany
pulled out a hard fought 62-53 victory over
the Red Dragons.

Dieckelman led the way with 24 points
and 12 rcbotrnds. Dicckclrtrarr increased his
SUNYAC leading scoring average to over
21 points-pcr-game. Pctc Gosulc. the tallest
player in Albany history at 6‘8“. scored 11
points including three down the stretch
when Oneonta threatened to tie the game.
Gosulc. who has seen limited playing time
during the season. did an impressive deferr-
sive job on the Red Dragons lcadirtg scorer
Mike Pocyntyluk. Pocyntylnk was lirrritcd
to only seven points. 11 below his season
average.

“i thought Gosulc just gave us a great
game. He has really developed." Sauers
said. “Pete has just come a long way.

“I liked the way Pete (Gosulc) played
Pocyntyluk the first time we played them. I

helped lhetn build the lead to 26-17 by
halftime. Kouppila prtllcd down offensive
rebounds on two consecutive times down
the court. and got fouled both times. He
converted three of the four foul shots.

Kilrner led Albany ltr scoring in the first
half with eight points. Kouppilu rttrd Jason
Hurley both hit for scvctr points. and Jones
had an unofficial seven steals irt the half.

(‘avarrrrugh thought the lead could have
been rrrrrcll larger. "If we rrtadc otrr laytrps.
we could Irrtvc been rtp by 20“ said tltc
coach.

In the second half. Albany hit more of
their Iaytrps as well as most of their other
shots. l-‘orward liob lltrll‘s jumper with
17:41) left gave the Danes their first dorrble
figure lead. 32-21. Jones cotrnectcd for it
.‘i-poirtt play off a steal by IIrlrIcy to make
the lead 41-25.

Albany had little trouble the rest of the
‘ as they coasted to the victory. llurlcy
led the learn irt scoring with 17 points.
Kottppiltr had to. and Kilttrcr and Jones
connected for 12 at pcicc.

"We got strong games lrom all our
guards tonight" said (‘rtvrtnrruglL "Ilrc_\'
played solid pressure defense and scored 57
points bctwecrl the four of them.

“With crrclr game the guys are gaining
confidence, they feel they can heal
anybody now" srtid (‘rrvatlrruglL

Albany's record rrow stands at 11-5. and
they look to improve on that in their next
game against llaruiltorr. -

 

 

 

j

 

ALAN CALEM UPS

The J.V. Danes extended their winning streak to six games with a 78-61 victory

over Onaonta. Tuesday night.

 

years of great memories. Dieckelman has
led the Danes irr scoringI and rebounding
the two past years and is currently setting
the pace tlrrtoltg SUNYAC scorers,
averaging over 20 points a game. Ile has
received many horrors dtrring his three
years at Albany including bcilrg named :r
1982 IECAC Division III All-Star. beirtg
selected to two All-SUNYAC teams and
chosen the MVP of the 1981 SUNYAC
'l‘orttnarncnt,

“Ilc's otrr main man. He's very depen-
drrhle." Coach Dick Saucrs said of
Dieckelman. "He's been the player other
learns concentrate on. It makes it that
rtrrrclr '

 

r

.' ~r' on everyone else."
Dieckelman has been at key ingredient in
the recent resurgence of the Danes. I)ur~

thing." he said.

 

Player trophy for his two-game heroics.

decided to prrt him on him." Ire added.

Crottticr was limited tojtrst four points in
the garuc. mainly dlte to the fact that
Orreonta played rt box~arrd—oue on him.
"It‘s a tribtttc to a player wltcrt you plrty a
box-and-onc on hint." Sttucrs said.

Thomas Irad 12 points for the game. 1()
coming ill the second half including two on
a jam to pill the Danes up by four. 43-39
midway through the second half.

With the score 51-49 itr favor of Albany.
(‘rosule hit a turnaround jumper anti then
trrarle one of two free throws to make the
score 54-49. "I was worried because I have
rt history of tnissing them (free throws). But
I was cool tonight.“ he said.

The increased playing time Gosttle Itas
received the past several games has helped
to build ttp sotrtc confidence for the
sophomore postman. “It started itt prac-
tice. I started to play J1) and Wilson every

Dieckelman to be honored

(ircrrt Dane senior co-captain .lohn Dieckelman will be honored at Saturday night's
final home game against Ilte Ithaca liorrrbers. Dieckelman was the twelfth player in
Albany history to surpass the 1000 point mark for his career. He reached the rrtilcstotre
on January 15 ill Potsdam. Dieckelman will he presented with an autographed ball by
Athletic Director William Moore before the game.

The 6'5" ccrtter bcgalt his collegiate career at Colgate. playing for the Red Raiders his
freshman year. He transferred to Albany and has provided Great Dane fans with three

 

    

 

YnLHANr

 

ing their recent fivc game winning slr'crtk. Dieckelman Iras poured in an average of 13.4
‘ poilrts-pcr-grtmc and has grabbed 11.2 rebounds during this stretch.

“I‘m ill rt pretty good groove now." commented Dieckelrnrrn on his rccctrt play.

Ills leadership orl the court hrts been evident during the Danes drive to post-season
play. Witcrr Srrtrcrs has been bringing other learns ottt of their [one dc , ..
Dieckelman cart be seen running the show. Moving to mid-court. Ire tells the other
players where to position themselves during the stall,

“I‘m just there to oversee things. I think it's my role as a captain to do that sort of

 

Dicckelttntrr and co-captain Mike (intro will make their final regular season ap-
pearance irr University (iym Saturday night. (iatto will be looking to repeat his early
season perforrrtancc against the Bombers. In the finals of the Ithaca Invitational Tour-
rrarrtcrrl irt December (irttlo scored a career high 25 points and won the Most Valuable

— Marc Schwarz

day. Yott have to learn froln that." Ire add-
ed.

Tire Danes conclude the regular season
Saturday night when the Ithaca Bombers
invade University Gym. The Bombers will
be looking to avenge an early season loss to
Albany in the finals of the Ithaca Invita-
tiortal 'I'ourrnrmcnt in December. The garrtc
will also mark the final regular season ap-
pcarartce of seniors Dieckelman and Gallo
before the home crowd.

All the action can be heard on 91FM
begirrrlin at 8:30. 1.]

 

 

 

 

Great Dane Basketball———-

Seniors John Dieckelman and Mike Gatto’s last home
game will be against Ithaca on Saturday at 8:30 p.m. in
‘ University gym. '

League worried
as NBA players
plan strike for

April 1 deadline

New York, N. 1'.
(Al’) The National Basketball Association.
tlrrcatctrcd with tr possible walkout by its
players on April 1. said Thursday it was
hopeful the trrriott will agree to a revenue-
shrtring plan among learns “to help custrre
the stability of the league."

“We think a strike would do great ltarm
to the sport." said a spokesman for Com-
missioncr I.ttrry O'Brien after Larry
I-‘lcishcr. Iltc union's general counsel. set
the deadline.

“If we don't have an agreement by
then,“ Fleisher said. “the players will take
all the necessary action. including a strike.
to protect the best interests of all the
players." I

The NBA spokcsrttan. who dcclittcd to be
identified. noted that NBA players average
5246.000 a year. while tile 23 teams have
lost rrrorc than $700.000 a year.

“We could have had rr basic agreement .
willt a cost-of—livirrg clause included." the
spokcman said. “but the decision was made
:rrrly on to tie salaries to tc.rm revenues to
.relp ensure the stability of the league."

O'Brien adtrrittcd for the first time
Wednesday night that the severity of the
league's financial difficulties might cause
some franchises to fold. be sold or be merg-
ed.

He did not idcrrlify the learns. brrt
('lcvelrrnd. Indiana. Utah. and San Diego
are believed to be in the ntost jeopardy.

In an effort to reduce player costs. the
NBA proposes to litnit each team's player
payroll to approximately $4 million a
season. Tire lcagtre then would create a
ftrrrd. in addition to irtdividual salaries that
would be financed by a fixed percentage of
NBA revenues. attd would be disbursed to
the players in accordance to a formula

'establishcd by the union.
—

 

 

