  

2 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS l:l APRIL [2, I983

WRLIDE:

 

Arms race decried

Toronto, Camda
(AP) The money spent on one modern ﬁghter
plane could innoculate three million children
against disease. an anti-war conference has
been told.

Economist Mei Watkins. a teacher at the
University of Toronto. said what is spent
dell minute on global arms build-up could
save the lit-a of 3.000 children.

Not only is the world neglecting basic
social programs by spending an estimated
$650 billion a year on arms. but the arms race
also is wrecking the economy. he said.

Rather than creating jobs. the arms build-
up destroys them. he said over the weekend.
it also takes away scarce scientiﬁc and
technical skills that could be more produc-

 

lively used.

Watkins said information from the United
States shows the spending of Si billion would
produce almost twice as many jobs in health
and three times as many jobs in education
than in military production.

Border war seen

Bangkok. Thai/am:
(AP) The Thai-Cambodian border. where
ﬁghting recently escalated to a four-year
high. is likely to remain a battleground for
yean as a formidable \‘ictncmet-c arnty :tl-
tentpts to crush elusive arid determined Cani-
bodian guerrillas.

Cambodian civilians pour across the
border into Thailand. Vietnamese and Cam-
bodtan ﬁghters lrack each other in malarial
jungles. Thais and Vietnamese trade artillery
fire and vitriolic words.

These scenes have been repealed again and
again since early 19‘9 when Vietnamese in»
\aders drove the Communist Khmer Rouge
government from Phnom Penh. spanning a

guerrilla war and a large. floating population *

ot' civtltans along the western edge of the
country.

f

 

The Vietnamese launched their most am-
bitious drive to date against the guerrillas in
December, making at least five signiﬁcant
strikes since December. then overrunnning
several key bases in an offensive that began
March 3|.

The Soviet-backed Vietnamese have some
ISOJ'DO troops throughout Cambodia. along
with warplanes. tanks and heavy artillery.
Although there have been some defections
and reports of poor morale. Hanoi's forces
shcvw no signs of slackening after four ymrs
of the grueling border campaign.

PLO assassin arrested

Lisbon. Porlugal
(AP) Police on Monday arrested a 26-year-
old man in connection with the assassination
of the PLO‘s European coordinator.

lssam Sanawi. a 47-year-old physician
who had become a leading PLO advocate of
reconciliation with lsrael. was shot Sunday
while attending the final day of the Socialist
international conference in the seaside city of
Albufeira.

A radical Palestine Liberation Organiza-
tion splinter group. known as the Abu Nidal
faction or the Revolutionary Council oflthe
Fatah. claimed responsibility for killing Sar-
tawi. ll denounced hint as a "traitor" for his
efforts to bring lsraelis. Arabs and Palesti-
nians together in peace efforts.

Eleven hours afl'er the murder. (‘atneito ;
said. police went to a hotel in Lisbon and ar-
tested a man who identiﬁed himself as
Youssel' al-Aw ad.

NATIONWIDE
" Rm! E F 3.

Chicago vote today

(lumen. Illinois
stumped at a

 

 

 

l.-\l’t Harold Washington

breakneck. pace Monday to shore up support
among white liberals. while opponent llcr-
nard Epton coasted to the finish line in the ci- ;
ty‘s most bitter may oral contest in decades. s

Washington. a two-term Democratic con- i

 

gressmnn who hepes the election Tucsdny
will make him Chicago's first black mnyor.
returned Monday to a North Side lakefront
area where he had rallied with hundreds of
white liberal supporters over the wcckcnd.

Manwhile. Epton. a millionaire Inwycr
hoping to become the city's first Republican
mayor in more than 50 years. met with aides
and scheduled a final radio appeal and only
three public appearances. two of them with
his volunteers.

in recent days. both candidates have
zeroed in on the liberal lakefront area, con-
sidered a critical battleground in a contest in
which racial tensions have frequently surfac-

Gandhi takes Oscars

L05 Ange/es, Ca.

(AP)"Gandhi." the epic story of the man
who led lndin to independence. dominated
the 55th Academy Awards by picking up
eight Occars Monday night, including best
picture of 1982.

Meryl Streep won the Academy Award as
best actress for her performance as the tragic
Polish survivor of a Nazi concentration camp
in “Sophie's Choice."

Ben Kingsley. in his movie debut. won the
Oscar as the best actor of 1982 for his perfor-
mance in "Gandhi" as the apostle of non-
violence who led India to independence.

louis (iotsetl Jr.. the tough but fair drill

‘ sergeant in "An Ofﬁcer and a Gentleman,"

was named best supporting acror of l982.
while “li.T. The Evtra-Terrestial" and
"Gandhi" each took three early Oscars at the
55th Academy Awards.

"l€.T." picked tip awards for the best
original score by John Williams, the est
visual effects and sound effects editing in the

nationally televised ceremony front the
Dorotlty Chandler Pavilion.

“Gandhi” captured awards for best
costume design. art direction and

cinematography. “Quest for Fire“ for best
makeup. ” T‘ango" for best animated short.
and “A Shocking Accident" for best live ac-
tion short.

The award for documentary short subject
went to the controversial “if You Love This

 

 

 

 

Senior Week tickets went on sale Sunday as students overlooked long lines in order to get in on that final week of
lastivtties. Starting on May 14 and 90mg through the 22nd. Senior Week activities include canoeing. trips to Riverside
Amusement Park. Montreal. Boston and New York City as well as the clambake. Senior Night at the Bars and. of course.

LAURA BOSYlCK UPS

Planet" by the National Film Board of
Canada. Last month. the U.S. Justice
Department labeled the anti-nuclear film and
two others made in Canada as propaganda.

“Volvcr ll Einpczar to Begin Again." a
Spanish movie about a writer exiled during
the Franco crri who returns home. was named
the best foreign film. That award was ac-
ccptcd by director Jose Luis Garci. who said.
,“All my life since I was a kid I dreamed of
this moment. Well. dreams come true
sometimes."

Adelman vote. due

Washington. D.('.
(AP) With a close Senate vote nearing on
Kenneth L. Adelmnn's nomination as
nuclear arms control chief, a House subcom-
mittcc was told Monday that the agency he
would direct has been so "gutted. purged and
starved" that it is unable to do its job.

“it is not going too far to say that the
Arms Control and Disarmament Agency
would be an international joke. were it not
that the situation is so tragic." Dr. William
H. Kincadc. executive director of the Arlm
Control Association. a non-profit. null-
partisan rcsearch group on arms control
policy. said in prepared testimony.

The Senate is beginning debate Tuesday
and is to tote Thursday on l’fL‘Sltlt‘ll'

Reagan's nomination of Adelman. 36. dept:
l ty US representative to the United Ndllltllv.
to succeed the ousted Eugene V. Rostovv .t
the agency's director.

STATEWIDE
3.12.1 EF 5

 

Death penalty possible

PUttP/l kceprte, .‘v'e vv for.

 

.tAPl Defense lawyer William Kunstier t» ' '
lhis summation Monday at the first-dc
inturdcr trial of Lemuel Smith, who is ac.
10f killing prison guard Donna Payan.
fCireen Haven state prison.

i if convicted. Smith. Jl. face: the deari.
.penalty automatically under an untested a. .t
legally questionable section of New York
state law. The rest ot the state‘s death per 1.2:,
law ha) been voided for providing d..'.
sentences automatically — the same type rtw
vision involved in a murder by a "liter" in.
Smith. who was serving lit'c terms for 2s
murders when Mrs l’ayant -.va~ sl:.tt-._."...:
May IS. 1981.

  
 

 

   

Cuomo will yield

.rl/bJ/ll‘i. \l‘u )- '-
l-Xi‘l Liov. Mario Cuomo positioned lzin‘». '
for ;l po-dblc compromise Monday or. ' -
proposal to speed tip state court caiert
having judges —— instead of lawyer.- »— 
,lllth.

Cuomo said he would be willing to “.
\ltlL‘l” alterations of his proposal for 
selection by judges. including a Posﬁl‘lt‘v
year c\periment of its use or trying out
idea only ill a limited number of judl...:.
districts.

 

 

 

 

 

Some pmsectllors and judicial olll.:.t.~
have complained that the present selection Hi
juries by attorneys often results in lenct lv
Dre-trial delays. Under the goverllv‘r'~
February proposal. judges would .tvk rump
pertinent questions and designate lurnw
themselves. Lawyers would still be .ible lv‘
knock some prospective jurors out or” con-
sidcralion.

The judicial jury selection process is now
used in some federal courts.

 

By Chris Thomas

 

SUNYA may owe the federal government more tllnn l.02

million dollars. ttceording to federal uudllors from the U.S.
Dcpnrtmcnt of Health and Human Services.

The funds in question stem front tltrcc contracts the
School of Social Welftire had undertaken between October
1976 and January 1979. “Worth it total of 5.8 million
doiitlrs. tltc contracts contained 3.8 million dollllrs of funds
npproprintcd under fcdcrltl Title XX, rt social service block
grant. The appropriations were used to establish and mill"-
trim programs witltin the Albrtlly urea designed printnrily to
train workers lit the areas of child ttbusc tllltl tiditll services.

According to l-‘rtitik Zurltff. llrrtlich Mnttnger of Health
ind Human Services Offices of inspector (lcllcrtll Atldit
\gcncy. the audit is “out of my lttitttls" and unless there
have been any mnjnr new tlcvelopttients. the university and
state will be rcqlliretl to reimburse the federal government it
substantial amount. He declined estimation. hill felt that
numbers siibsttiltlinlly lower tllun the HR mlllllon that
uudllors assess would he unrealistic.

All it matter of course the fcdcrnl government allocates.
under certain titles. money to specific state departments
who ilt ttlrli subcontract the federal funds. in this clue.
federlll funds under ll vnriety of tiles were given to the Stnte
Department of Socitll Services. Socirtl Services tltcli subcult-
trnctcd iil.3 million dolitlrs contained within forty scpltrlilc
cnlltrlicls rind of the forty L‘OlllrllL‘lh, SUNYA undertook
three. The university carried out the contracts rind
presented the hill to the stttlc. it bill which \le5 to be pliitl for
under lltc guidelines of federal 'l'itlc XX.

in i980 the fedcrnl government begun \vllrit Win to be ll

routine audit of funds under tltc Title XX heading. The
auditors were dcltling only with the 3.8 million dollars con-
tracted under Title XX and basically working without
pressure from federal departments. From their point of
view. tltc school has misused 1.02 million dollars which Ti-
tle XX will not cover.

The auditor's final report llitd previously published
reports state that:

p 3272.000 in sultirics is being attributed to Title XX for
work not provided for under the Titlc's guidelines.

> $526,000 was improperly claimed for overhead ex-
penses instead of lower rules for training sessions lteld at
hotels and motels.

> 542.000 ()Vcl‘li'lltltc'd by Parsons Child and Family
Center in Albany ftir Illegitimate support costs.

SUNYA Director of Community Relations Philip
Johnson pointed out that tile i.02 million dollltrs represents
what the rrtlditor‘s position is." He added that the universi-
ty. its well its tllc strttc. believes tto misuse has occurred and
lllltl the school may have to reiiitbursc s tltnll $30.(le).

Presently. the audit is ill the finul stage of ti thrcc stltge
process. In cnclt stligc the ttliditors. the State Department of
Social Services nnd SUNYA submitted approximations of
expenditures. which are their examined by “with liltd
Human Services. lirich group's fitllil its. ssmenls nre citr-
rcntly being cxtliiliitcd by offlcilils wrlhin chltli rind
Human Services to determine the validity of elicit group's
clninis.

Assocltltc (‘irtttttv (‘nttl‘tlillttlor ill the Office for Rcvcltrelt
l:l'llllk DiStlnto, vtiid lhrit since tlte first lllltlll drtift iii Will)

 

.lle tllltl his tleplirtlneiil llll\'t.‘ been ill contact with federal of-

v

 

APRIL [2. 1983 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

Social Welfare School audited for $1,000,000

ficlals who. he believes. will allow payment under Title XX
of expenses which auditors found questionable. Further-
more. he added that the "first draft proposed the
disnliownncc of three million dollars" in expenses.

Stntc Social Services Spokesman Tcrrcncc McGrnth
described the discrepancies by saying. “audits are it routine
thing...whnt really counts is Health and Human Services

firm] ttttnlysis of the claims." McCirrtth explained that the
federal lluditors act as a citccklon how federal money is
spent within each title and that discrepancies are common.
"We are confident that the federal department will see
things our (the university‘s and State’s) way." he said. Both
McGrntll and Johnson expect the school will need to reim-
burse the government little. if any. money.

"As purl of the inspector Gcnerrtl‘s office, explllincd
Zuraff. “we're pttrlinlly independent from Health and
Human Services. lfwc find something questionable (during
tltc nudit). we contncl Health and Human Services for their

guidance." He added tltlit the main problem now concerns
billing of overhead costs to Title XX.

However. it is not being questioned whether or not work
contrnctcd for writ. ltetutilly carried out. rtor is program
qlltlllty being scrutinized. But dlte to misinterpretation of
federril Title XX guidelines. lltls million dollar disagree-
lncltl hns llrlliL'n. if the Department of Health and Human
Services decides ttgnillst university clrilms and orders reint-
lltlrht‘lllclll tilt lippcrll would be music and n rcevniulttittn
ordered. Strtlc university officials tirc confident tltltt fctlcrtll
monies were properly spcttl tutti lllltl the nudltors have
llllhllllcrplclutl the Title XX rilioenliun stipulations. l l

 

University Club
votes to permit
women to apply
for membership

lly llcti (inrtlnn
.Slulll Ilkllilt‘

 

    

Member of Alhnity‘s c clitslvc Univ-
(.‘lub volctl March 24 to ncccpt women llS fttll
members with voting rights cqunl to those of
nitric members.

The vote was 223-85, with ti two-thirds lllll-
jority required for passage. (‘lub President
l’ctcr Milttiltik shill that since lllclllllcl‘s must
be present to vote. the turnout was “very
nice." Hc cxplnilled thlit the club has rihotit
1,500 members. of which lipproxiltilitcly 500
tire of non-voting status.

SUNYA President Vincent O'l.enry is
ltntollg those members who ltttvc resigned
froitt the cllrb in protest of the old policy
restricting wontcn to tire status of “privileged
lltctnbcrs.” without voting power.

In response to the new policy. O'Lcnry has
sltitl that ttllhouglt "l have no present interest
lll rejoining. in due time 1'“ mukc tl decision
on it."

Questioned whether failure to rejoin tllc
club would chenpen his protest of resigna-
tion. O'l.cary responded. “l‘m not sure tlllit
l'nl obliged to rejoin. i may. and l’m tliink- ~-
illg about it." He cxplttiltcd. “l’m not sure
thlit it ltcccssttrily cltcnpcrls it."

O'Lcliry added. “One doesn't simply join
the University Club." He poiittcd out that
one is first sponsored by two present
menthch of tile club. and then must be ap-
proved by the gcncrttl mctltbcrship.

 

l

studying In the llbraryprior to the threat. A
The University Police were Ira/(fiat! of u hum/i l/lrc‘rll err/It'll into the librum'b' circir/a/r'mi (luv/r.

Bomb threats stir commotion on campus

  

 

l WILL VURMAN UPS

 

thn risked whether it would be difficult
for members who resigned over the issue to

By Mike Tntiblcb

 

A series of bomb threats. dircctcd ill the

 

  

graduation.

 

 

 

lhearth-is and Advising Antares Barr
ouet tickets go on sale on Monday.
April 16. in the SA entice. The ban-
ouet, to be held in me Patrician
Room. is open to anyone With a th-
oard. Donation is :22.

‘ are int/nerd to submit
comes to the Capital Dim-net‘s 5m
Annual Photography Regional Ex-
niaiitrc-n Students. amateurs. and
professionals may submit entries
tram Aal‘il 19:5 The competition.
which awards a number at cash

atot‘lalij mean
id’sf'ttll fart: 83'15!

Hall.

 

PREVEW I OF EVENT

:it'leexs and grit centimetres. iii-ill be
rungs: :t, Corrie-H Cap; an interna-

Intamatiovnat Student Association
elections will be halt: Tuesday and
'i'ileariersoay, April 19 and 20. in the
Campus Center lUDt‘)‘ and Say-leis.

Study and Travel in Engiand ‘ll’ttS
slur-timer at Miodiesex Patytacnm:
Summer School The lee tor tunlcm
and a eirivate room for live weerks is

$533. Caurse ottorlnps include per-
lcrnmng arts literature. history.
languages. soc-at science, and in-
tcim-tatron technology. For more in-
tormattcn util'lE Mlddlesex
Pom-31.2mm: Sun—mar School. 114
Chase Side. Lcir-ocin lvl‘tlt SPN,
Englan:

Central Council, the legislative
may, :4 5A. meets every Wednes-
Day at 7:30 pm. or CC 375. Meetings
are open to the public.

Karma Thugsum mating presents a
seminal maturing ernpo Kanpur
Riripcrzzhe tram Friday. April 15. to
Sunday. April '17. at 637 Washington
Ave. Albany For more intermation
call Lou Ferayoml at 4852151.

Planned Parenthood is Sponsoran
a training workshop in “Creative
Ways to Teach Human Sexuality"
on Saturday. April 16. from 9:30 am.
to #:30 p.m.. at the Harmanus
Bleeker Center on the corner of
Washington Ave. and Dove St. The
registration too Is 315. which tn-
cluoes lunch For more Information
call 434-4979.

A Mathematics Colloquium entitled
“Piecewise Ltnoar Vibration" will be
presented by Protassor Mark
Steinbaiper of Cornell Unlverslty on
Friday. April 15. at 4 pm. in ES 140.
Campus Crusade tor Chrlat will
meet on Thursday. April 14. at 8:30
pm. in CC 375.

A Raquatbatl Party will be thrown
by the Capital District Raquetball
Player's Association on Saturday.
April 16. from 7 pm. to midnight. til
Club East in East Greenbush at the
intersection of Routes 4 and 9/20.
The ice is $3. Beginners instruction
will be provided at no extra cha'QL‘v
Prohulth profession atudonts at-
tend an advisement meeting to find
out application procedures and
schools to apply to. Meetings are
boan held on Wednesday. April 19.
and Thursday. April 20. at 4'30 W"-
in L0 22. Sponsored by CUE.
Community Service registration for
Fall 1983 In still open In Ll93A. For
more lntormatlon call 457-8347.

 

 

cjoin. Milttiltik responded with. “No.
l()| rctilly." He said Ihlrl it would not be rc-
qttircd of them to bc rcsptiltsorcd since tltcy
were previously members of the clltb.
Milttiltik said than “not more than five"
ltlclllltct's resigned lll protest of the old
policy.

President of the Alhtitty (.‘ollllitort Council
Tlltllllllh Wltnlcli lll. vvtis another member
who resigned over the further policy. Whlrlcli
wris quoted ill the Mnl‘ch 25 ctlitinn of the
.‘lllltllil‘ Thin-y Uninn us stiyiltg lllill the vote
“wits. overdue. hill bcltei llilc lllllll never."

The vote wan. the fifth on the feltilile
lltcnihcr'sltip lhnlllc' ill lhlcc yCillh.

Minimum llgc for joining. the eighty-two
your old club it; lvvcltIy-onc. tllld ripplictirits
must httvc spent two y'nrs rtl tilt accredited
college or university. according. to Millltlttk.
After meeting with the lllL'lllllcl'hlllp commit-
lcc. the tipplictitiott is voted tilt by the thirteen
member llotird of Directors.

Milttiltik explained that tile ttpplicntioii
process takes from one to six months, btil

11>

.n........-..........~..

.....,........._a....ac.... ~.. .

university library. gym and bookstore. were
reported to University Police April 5.
resulting ill some cvttcutttions htit no explo-
sions: till the calls were fttlsc.

According to Assisllittl Director of Public
Sttfcty .lohlt llcllighltli. the University Police
were notified til 10:25 p.llt. of ti bomb threat
ctliletl into the lll‘ll’lll‘y'h cit'ctiltitioli desk.
"The library building director will it number
of cilipioyccs to selirch tilt: public meals of the
building." llcnlghnn Silld. No bomb \vlls
l'oiirltl. '

The second thi'cnt \vus ctillctl ill directly to
li.l‘.l). “At 10:30. it lllillt‘ cliller Will‘llL‘ll than
‘you‘d better evncuttlc.‘ hcctrlisc there was ti
bomb ill the pool and two in the gym.“
llcitighrrn snid. This time. “nit cvncilnlioil
took plttcc." hilt police reported that no
bomb vvrts found.

In it possibly rclntctl incident. n the lllliriri
was pulled on the second floor of the gym lit
“:45. l‘lclllgllflll reported “the building wrts
cvucutltcd rlguln. searched. and 15 minutes
later. people were let in." l-lcitighntt said.

“All three threats were
probably made by the

same person ’ ’
—-.Iohn Henighmt

chigiiun noted "the similarity in little and
male voice of all these calls. “venturing that
“till thrcc threats were probably by the slime
person." .

“Reasons for such belitrvior might rlillgc
front l iltg tin exam to it disgruntled

 

 

 

l 4 v y
“ l he ttllil‘nl turned out to he llrlsc."

cntploycc. ' he stiid. As to the uniqueness of
these bomb lllfclllh. llcllittlttilt Silltl tlllil

RCllL‘llllllk to the cvtlctitilililt were "very
ctllm. in general," according to it sccrctltry
working ill the gym til the time. “it wars bet-
ween cltisscs‘ and most clinches rllttl students
[were outside liltywtiy. It vvlis convenient llttil
everyone ill clinrgc was lll‘Olltltl (II the lllllL' of
the call to tlcnl with it."

“Most people llssllliictl thlil it Mix it l'il‘e
drill ttlltl ttctctl lllt: wny they would (luring liliy
fire drill. lt \VllS only outside when l’llllltll‘S
yllll'lL‘ll to circttlttlc about it bomb threat." ex—
pinilied Facility (‘ourdinntor for Physical
lidlicntioil llll(l Recreation Dcimis lilkill.

Hcttighltll stiitl. A male ctlllcd tilt eiitployec of
the Campus Center bookstore." writhing
tltlit "two bombs were to go off within the
hour. Officers were sent. birt thcl‘c wns no
cvncttntlon." .

“they usually occur lirnillltl filtnls." lllltl lhlil
“tts lliltlty HS “)0 were lilltdc ilt i970." during
the Vicllttltrt tlllll-Wlll‘ lrluvelliellt.
lit the curve lllill n bomb threlit is found to
be authentic. “the building would be
cv'ncutitctl. their the surrounding liletis " lic-
ctlltllllp, lo llcliigliliii. “No tlisptthttl” iv
llllll(llt.‘tl by tile U.l’.l).. he .v‘ztitl. niitl l’L‘CtlllCtl
llltll there litttl been l’Cill l'ii'eltolitbilig ill the
llilyl. ttttd one horix Illtlt \vlis tlislillltell by the
lirlliy.
l'lt‘llllllltlll titltlctl that "ll bomb threltt is it
('lnss A tltisdcllt 'lmul‘ lll which it person
could‘ go to jllil for it yclll‘. hilt lhtit it would
be tlelllt with more intrusth by the university.
“'l‘hrotlgh the university jtttllcitll process. it
guilty pttrty would definitely be referred llltd
receive iinything from n residence suspension
ll

- to an expulsion from school.

i

. . . . . . . . .-.-- .-. .-. t-a . a. - av». .-...~.-. ...-....... . L...‘..,....._..

 

