Ma“-....r.m._..-- .W.‘

 

‘ "'7’8' .

NOVEMBER 18.1983 Ct ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS 9 I

 

 

 

i
i
it
i,
i 
I C

iii

In an Extraordinary

 

 

 

By Alicia Clmbora

Noted black lesbian feminist and
author Barbara Smith drew a
diverse crowd of nearly 200 to her
lecture last Wednesday on the
feminism of lesbians of color.

"For women of color. even in
l983." shc asserted. "it is a lot
harder to be feminists titan it is for
white women." She clarified that
women of color includes not only
black women. btit all women of col—
or such as Asians or Latin-
Americans.

Tlic lecture was attended by botli
uteri and women. some of who were
affiliated with the varioris grotips
sponsoring the lecture. Sponsors in-
cltidcd the Feminist Alliance.
GALA. ASUliA. arid the offices of
Women‘s Stridics and Affirmative
Action.

Speaking as site rrtiglit to a group
of friends. Smith talked about one
of the major differences between
black and white feminists as it is
discrissed iri Iici recently published
book Home (ii/'It; She said that
white feiiiitiists tend to “ignore
basic human needs like family arid

connections to home." “Black

women." she continued. "won't

sions "cannot be addressed one at a
time" but that they must be all
looked at simultaneously. She
stressed that other issues. sticli as
racism and world affairs. are inter-
twined with the women‘s move-
ment. White feminists. she main~
tained. 'are realizing that they have
to address other issues and how
others are affected.

"Racism has been so cosmetically
handled by the (white) worricn's
movement." explained Smith.
because they don't want to face
how much harder it is for black les-
bian feminists. "Racism in the
women's ni'ovcnicnt has to be dealt
with." she declared.

Smith stated that the rriovciiicnt
of women of color includes some
“serious politics" regarding global
issues. She explained that people
must be concerned with everything
tltat is going on around tlicrit not
just one particular issue .strclt as
feminism.

0n the recent invasion ol
(irciiada, she commented that “the
U.S. used Grenada as a testing
groiitid for bigger things, and they
tised black English-speaking people
as their testers."

Smith also addressed the problem

homosexuality over the head tot
keep itself going."

The response of the near-capacity
crowd was apparently positive.
Karen Sebastian. who attended. the
lecture, commented that "she was
wonderful. She touched a lot of
topics that many speakers shy away
from; She made you realize that
racism and sexism are inseparable
issues and you have to fight all op-
prcssioris at once."

ls'atia Netro, who also attented
the lecture. said that “being a
woman of color. it addressed the
problems relevant to me and other
women of color that many lecturers
don't. l was glad to see such a large
turnout of women of color."

Cris Mayo, a member of the
feminist alliance. commented that
“this is an exceptional time to start
thinking about forming coalition
groups. 1 was very pleased to see so
trinity people at a lcsbitiri issue."

.liru (ilcnn. who also attended.
said that “the first step irt accepting
feminism is to learn about it" rind
that he “would like to see triore pro-
grams likc that. considering the
mnnber of sponsoring groups on
campus."

Smith is currently working on
writing short stories in addition to

 

 

: - ' Black feminist outlines problems » catcmg leaves campus

:mailroom positions open

By Christine Refi'elt

STAFF WRITER

 

 

On August 24. t983. two workers in the SUNYA post-ofﬁce were ar-
rested on charges of'falsifying business records, ofﬁcial misconduct.
and petty larceny. As arrestilt. the uptown campus mail room has not
been able to re-open. according to the Director of the SUNY Physica‘
Plant Dennis Stevens.

The Vice President for University Affairs Lewis Weleh, reported that
Ronald J. Kelly. 35, of Averil Park'and Carmen Francclla. 50. of An-
thony Lane. Albany. were arrested in August following a three month
investigation which involved state and federal metered mail.

According to a statement issued by Welch earlier this year, the men
nad been arraigned and were released on bail. The workers were then
“suspended from their duties with a disciplinary process pending the
finding of criminal charges." Stevens said. the two men contested the
termination. which as employees of the state of New York. they havt
the rigltt to do.

“They have protection under their contract." said Stevens.
"Therefore. the postal department cannot hire new employees until the
former ones have been officially terminated," he added.

"This leaves us iii a Catch-22 position." said Stevens. "because we
can't fill their positions simply because they still occupy their positions.
The state post office will not train two new employees until two perma-
nent positions can be hired." Stevens added.

The inability to re-open the rnailroom hasn't in any way affected in-
coming or out-going mail service. said Stevens.

Purchasing stamps. sending registered letters. postal money orders
and sending out packages has been halted on campus, according to
Stevens. However. he added it is possible to send sortie packages and

rcbel or reject their roots because of homophobia. She corriuiciitcd
most lcariitheir feminism at lioiric. that "homophobia has undercut her work with Kilt'llt'll 'l'ulile.‘
()ui' fcmiiiisrir sprang front how we tltc work of feminists" and ll’u/ilcn of (,‘u/or Press which she
were raised at home and front the “heterosexualin has bludgcons‘tl co~l‘oniidcd. ‘

l i
C
FllGllllV-sllll-Slllllelllﬂ I
Try our complete. ’ .
eoniputerizedl travel ‘ '
SerVices  e   I
AIR TICKETS 
CRUISES [
Next to Banker's Trust
Colonic. 12205

- ....‘.Zi‘§.ii.. ' photographer.

buy stamps in the campus center.
Stevens said money orders and registered mail are an exccp1tgon
' _EJ

 

V  One-man Performance
Of  I  women who raised its,"
.    rrnTvll'liriilclrlus Irlri’clligariiiiignl'roiiil

 

 

 

 

 

itio\ciiicttl ol \ioiitcu of color.
Smith contended that oppt'cs»

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

MI‘I‘IBI‘ Tt'ttval loam". Inc.
155 Wolf Road

 

 

 

 

CELEBRATE CHRISTMAS?

    

 

   
   
 

 

: ‘ ~ visimmovéécmwm

— ‘
r- H. I is I“. I I...” m. In“. N” “PM! 1“ Cit-1113K ,VUUI @v! the speed. (.icat nil-tii'otind performer.
 lllAVlNS M I ll .iov iiiis ("tiltttttut'tit or your tr't‘linitttu' - 2 Kodak redefines fast action.

 

 

\‘

 

"honour ts “trunnion t Z ('llRlSIMAS in' i'itot'i AIMINU. miust try titt‘ new fainin of

       

Kodacolor VR 400 film has wide

    

 
  

 
 
  
  
 
  

          

 

 

        
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

I ‘  I t- I ) ’ I ’ -.' _' v . . . . I
5..   NJ y / / g g  \Jl'j‘l'('n‘llSwimﬁsh":w“ KUdJWIO' VR mmb exposure latitude. plus color [hats .
i?  I,   3 "‘ ' licatttilltldecorated Admncc” “1 "010" Pm“ mm “- even more saturated on on
- f ' H/ﬂ/é’w”  ,  tamﬁ/ ' > w 2 ! tIL'L'ill. out | ord will IUH‘ it! ' ' ‘Cd"‘9l‘~’gy m” ht'IP YOU 8“ ‘1‘" [70“ dcrcxposures, and grain
, ’ ’ ’ . . r _ . . _ g V, I o 3" i I'm one on a window. or on wall color iicttircs ever from Kodak films. ’~ - - ‘ -
j , _ V ¢ e , f I I T If H tiats tvcn inert an
I a . _ W V -. ’ ' '  v . u i or room. tottl toot ill route. on [y gr our new ’1 1115 in your CV; mm K d - l H
i ‘6  a - ,. , .. . t 0 am or 00 im.
_ Norman Dletz has achlenved”SOIne notable fes‘llts. -_‘ " i E‘l"l'l“""\" “mm{hillﬁﬁnu ML camcra...andlw a better photographer! [dc—.1 for 54mpng
' *’ . _, V r ".r. . _ r m a e \c ; ' t a ‘_ s l ‘
2 COIOI' fUI {Hid Vibrant .WOI' . .v .   A z 1 iron plus msi- a. ('llltlStMAS. l ifodlak redefinefs sharpness.  _ sports action. cw”
V.- . s  .‘ I ‘ . - ._-. . _ > o l’.(), llm m. t Ismn. Ml) Zlvll. (or nt'ooi VR iOO *iim is I, ' with long telephoto lenses.
El" New  aimcs ‘ ‘ . ' I '. . 3   i I til‘t'jmléj "' “"m‘" "“’:i'\‘t')|l"l“'lll tht‘ sharpest color :- ‘ Kodak redefines low light
. r ' ' tie to It a). \\c siigycs .‘t . I ' .
ll " ‘ - ‘ . . . o MEN I' L I' ~ v [19's 7 I o I“ 8 4 home address on return Cttwlnltt‘ WWW“ I'll“ KOdacolor  1000mm] IS the fastest
_. we vc ever made.

 

 

to ensure iecciinig it in time
loi ( hrisliirasl.

- .. ' Saturday, November 19th at 8:00 pm I
PAC Recital Hall 
Admission: $2.00

color print film in the world, for good
pictures in low lith, and when you
need very big 1 shutter speeds to stop
' action. An advanced. new emulsion
technology enables the film to capture
more light without the grain and
loss in sharpness you’d
normally expect with such
a fast filmifl‘ry all four
new fllIhS...ﬂlt(i see all the
ways you can be (1 better
photographer!

 

 

Ideal for hie.

—-—‘ m— biowups‘ With top
0h, Your Aching quality- _

(ilt'iil for close-
ups. anything where is
detail is important.

Kodak redefines
versatilit . lx'otlzicoloi VR
IOU lilni tilS .‘ill the sharp
tress. lllit' main. .riitl t oioi
:'.'iiui.rtioii you got \\'llii
lx'otlni'oloi ll t‘ilin \\'llil twai-

 

does it my away/I Chimpnntr
could tom-rt your union bark
and tutti you how to prevent it
tram munth hunt to Mt
property. to warm your posture
habits and now In clenlst
When you miss work or sistqu
events tseuusa at you! uninq
bunk. tot your Cntrnpvmnr help
you an tuck to good nultn

 

Tickets available at the door
. Sponsored by Lutheran Campus Ministry,
1 ‘ SUNYA and
Christ Ciur Brother, Newman Association. Dr- R3513.!g,§- Falk

  M New Kodaco‘lorVR fihns.

Pull spinal Tummy"; L l . mama‘s r .imlim- tutir
Modem Equipment
Exercis- Ii Nutritional Theropy

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

