  
  

 

4! 45mm,“ I ‘

by Tom Kacandes
Elnluohnll

I'm the only person i know who declared a

double major In his freshman year. i like
languages. so i became both an English and

.”-—.~;.- .._r;\.s.—, .rrr'tat’L-‘T'r -

1
O
:1
(O
i
s-
3
t
o
m
..
3
U
3
3
e.
O
..
s
3'
ID
3
r
G
e.
F
(B
O.

that i didn't know German well enough to
finish the major. What to do? Minor? l'd still
have to take a lot of literature courses taught
in German with readings In German. . .It
seemed hopeless.
l was saved by my eldest sister who was
also a German major In college and Is now a
real hard-nosed businessWoman working for
a multinational German electronics firm and
making a lot more than the aVerage semi-
Illlterate Albany business graduate. She
understood my situation and offered to pay
my airfare If i would be willirtg to work once l
got there. She has a number of business can
nectlons In Munich and. , ."Oh. yeah. My
flight was good. l'm glad l'm here." The city
was beautiful My future was back on track, I
was In Germarty.
fspeiit most of June gettirtg permission to
work. then I worked all of July and spent
August recoveriitg Most kids do Europe
with back packs. but l wasn‘t vacationing
For a few months this summer l was a (‘ier~
llldll

ch Geechlchto
My head spurt for tlte first ttvo weeks My
German was pitiftif lgot tired tryiitg to listett
to my sister speak with friends lsritiled a lot
arid nodded my head. felt like art asshole.
and looked like a half-wit. Time passed and
my German improved.
7 Woo morkto do: Thorn-o?
During the terrific ecoitorttlc expansion Ger-
many experienced iit the titl's. German blue-
collar workers had It so good that there was a
real shortage of low-level labor No one
wanted to do the shit jobs in restaurants. or
clean the streets. (it's trite to note how cleait
German streets are). So. some enterprising
ermans — a very fine litre exists between
enterprising and exploiting —- began to bring
In ltallans. Greeks. and Turks to fill in the
void. These people are called Gastarbeitern. ’ “1.15. s ‘
which means "guest workers." They are ‘4
foreigners — Ignorant. darkvsklnned. poor. T
dirty. and strange. Once. while walking
about In the Viktuelmarkt. l heard
Gastatbeitern described as cancer. That's the
way many Germans looked at them - and
at me. ‘

 

Er llohl gnu Tutlrloch one. odor?
My parents are both Greeks. but people
usually guess that I'm Italian or Jewish. Be~
irtg dark skinnedanost Germans assumed
that l was a Turk. even though I was well»

Glockenspiel
dressed. “All right then. a pretentious Turk."

Young foreigners who wish to work are.
of course. highly regulated. It's likely that be-
liig so far south. Munich sees more Guest
Workers' applications than other cities.

Auowlrkungon?

During June I'd wake up early every day.
dress and shave. eat. arid fly out to the
government office of the day. German

 gerl:;l‘;iiitseirtes:uInezzernges My faéllterciis a prime candidate for the most
I . . e uiipreju ce man In th
32203221213? “spiel: ((ljuLHIQ two specigzd Second World War he 
t e . n ' you wattt a y and found himself fi htln th‘ ' l " I
nanted Sue. then you cl better take him Ame ' i I ' g 9 UL. mum“
elsewhere. because that name will never be Nazlsnhixds 3:523ltlllallelfrlolfrlivf-(~nm me
reﬁognized by the German government. bassy. Most of his relatives tliereulln‘d1
gr Icr must approve all citizens' names. my great-grandittothers. died. either of st'trl
non. die Burrdesrepublrk — West Germany vatlon of during resistance activities H - ‘ ‘Il
—- wrll issue each citizen an [0 card that must wear the swatzstika an SS officer burr ad 'WI
be carried at all times; the first of these his forearm everyday until he ntDulS‘th'llll()
should be issued iii the spring of 1984. He holds nothing against the (‘r u“.

Hrst l registered with the police. —— a though. When I was youn lte “-
foreigner visiting Munich as a tourist. Then I avoid generalizations andgone
hassled with an Incontprehenslble bureaucrat explained that Nazis and Geriri
fora week to get my status changed. so that l different groups of pe
could apply for permission to work. then the prejudice
spent another week trying to get permission
to work. . .

The Germans are very proud of the fact
that their economy Is the strongest In
Europe. They are proud that In Germany.
the trains run on time. They are proud that
both the cities and the countryside are so
beautiful. It is this striving for material perfec-
tion that continues to set the Germans apart.
lt permeates the entire country. It comes out
in Mercedes-Benz advertisements. which
deacribe the automobiles as “ruthlessly effi-
ctent." in Germany. the need for regulation

Wonuo klm del- Thom-I?

rttians.
tairght us to
of my sisters
ﬁlls WUfL‘ lWU
ople. Unfortunately.
which we associate with the
Nazi regime remains buried lit the German
subconscious. Living In Germany. within a
homogenous society It somehow became

rrtuch easier to make generalizations After
seeing nothing but blond-hatred. blue~eyed
people for about a week. I found it easier to
understand how unthinking people might
have been taken In by Hitler's "master race"
Ideas. I also found myself reacting to the pre-
judice against me i sensed In the streets. i
started shaving every day and dressing up
more when i had to leave my apartment.

I walked out from the Munich Police Cen-
ti'al Administration building on 19 Rupert-

 

 

American ‘I

 
 
  

v.13,“

 

‘ ........-.- ... u. m - r. ~...n.._..........

» . ‘

ail
r

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
    
   
 
   
  
 
  
 
 

strasse. trying to translate and re
hostile bureaucrat had just told 531:?! grail:
Ing that i needed to talk to my sister. lcheck-
ed my pocket for change. but. no luck ~ i
didnt any. No big deal. Right across the
street was the place where i always ate. Two
days ago the counter~wontan gave someone
change without hesitation.
“Entschuldlgen Ste bitte." l
"koennen Sie
geben?"

legal protection. because the welcome rttat
mlght be pulled out from under you. The
children of guest workers are not necessarily
rejected by their schoolmates. Germany‘s
younger generation is better than that. but
many aren't citizens either. They're still
something foreign. existing at the peiirrission
of the bureaucracy.

How can I explain It? in Gerrrranv.
everyone looks the same. because they're all
Germans. it so simple. It's stupid. as a heard
of mine would say. So. If you don't look
German people know sontethiiig's up but
some. it's a signal that you are benx'ilill
them. and for others. you might be a curith
ty. A precious few don't act differently. hilt
the awareness is always there.

Late to July. I went with my host family to
visit their relatives who live near a beautiful
lake in Bavaria called the Simittsee Wi‘
spent the day on the lake. and had a barbe-
que iii the evening. I spent some time ldlli'
lltg with the daughter of the family about he!
school — all girls. Catholic. very strict r~ iritkl
what it‘s like to live on a farm. One of her
three kittens jumped Iitto her lap and she
held ltlm up for me to see.

asked smiling.
rnlr etwas vort Kleingeld

"No." site answered unsntiltng “i o
somewhere else." She walked away  lo ik
ed over at the construction wor . l T
the bar. They were all smiling.-

rrY n .
0U heard her Srtld () te ‘ r i t
u ' '
~ utt \f0l g

kers sitting at

At the time I was very pissed off s
lbecause i needed to speak with my sistelrmErlrsf
ater It kept eating at me. “Who the hell i
those people thliik they are?." l thou ltl(J
They probably figured that l was just angthe
oreigner from the police station. l'rtt so :
they abuse the guest workers that wander lL
un a regular basis. it was a new kind of an in
for me. "1 his must be what it felt like I gbu
black durlrtg the sixties." l thought. Thiri‘l

 

  

grought some more. “No. That must have
can a lot worse. You can't Imagine it uitle

you ve been there." 55
it's a different thin

gthere; In German th '

Turks are foreigners. but American tiller:

were at leasthAmerlcans demanding equal

ere Is no pretenslon to r
opportunity in Germany. As a guest wdrkgfl
.

“H Isn't he beautiful?" she gushed smiling.
e s got a little white spot on his chest. but
actually he's black like you."

“Obll- dicta."

flashed In my mind “
. the words In assiitg
that give the game away." p

 

is a part of this consuming passion.

 

.. growled: rm mm. .s i‘ ..-

you can be abused without muclt hope of "Am I blackli." i asked Immediately.

"0b. Sure you are." she said smiling.

  

Mimic

rig. l'

    
 
  
  

   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
    
  
   
   
 

 

 

.;  IN“. nose—cpwaauo—u

iew  .

These aren't big things. I understand. but

 

 

Viktualienmarkt

Then 1 looked at her. Anna was fourteen.
bioird. blue-eyed. and built like the
stereotypical German barmaid. She grew up
on a farm an hour away frotn any decently
sized city. Her skin was white even during

mid-summer. She hadn't said it In .
malicious way. and considering who she
was. it made perfect sense that l was black iii
l‘t‘r eyes. I'm sure that ntost everyone she
knows Is as white as she ls, Color is judged in
relative terms. in Germany, l was a black
man.

Three weeks later. I took a train to
Frankfurt where l had to pick up a friend fly~
mg over to travel with itte for a few weeks
gut oti aitd sat dowtt iii a half-full second»
class cotttpartrnertt. There were three
middle-aged German women on the one
side. a young. African wriman near tlte winv
dirty. and rtte.

Apparently. my arrival had interrupted a
conversation between the African woman
and the German woman sitting opposite her
The situation was immediately Interesting to
me. The two worttett sitting opposite me
were obviously embarrassed at the German
woman's Insinuatlng manner of asking trues
tioiis. For her part. the young woman seem»
ed accustomed to such things. making a
poiitt of being friendly artd always answering
without taklrtg offence.

“Have you been In Germany for a long
time?"

“Oh. yes. More than a year now."

"And do you like it? Or. . ."

"it is a very beautiful country. artd. of
course, It Is very different from Africa."

 

 

prejudice is something that can come across
In very subtle ways'and those who have ex-
perienced it suffer from a justifiable paranoia
that alters one's perception of the world.

Bel clot Alb.“ .

The group of people I met through my job
or through my sister operated on a different
level than those I encountered In the streets
and trains. They are enlightened people in
many respects. but German society ls so
traditional that all Germans react to titles and
marks of station In a way surprising to
Americans.

l remember one day when my sister came
home from work totally pissed off at the man
with whom she shared her office and
secretary. He bailed out their secretary
ostensibly for screwing up some little thing.
but ended up with a big
I'm‘arbigsliotrand~l'nt-going«to-let-you-
kitow~about~it type speech that reduced her

 

'594597ﬂs -

to tears But she never said anything about
Lt. and l imagine that the fact that she never
would say anything was what really got my
sister angry During July. when I took over
rity sister's project. secretary. aitd office. I
saw enough of ltow Germans operate In
business to confidently make generalizations.

(‘rerriian men are high strung. high‘
perforiitaiice units. especially the itteit in my
office. whose clashing riiiibitions arid egos
made for much lliltk'hlrlbhlllg Another tn-
teresting thing is that in Germany. you really
have to be good to reach the top. so that
those who do make it are very rttuclt
respected. and those who don't are rtot It
also seemed that tip to now. (‘ieniian men
have expected their wives to resign
themselves to basking iii the reflected glory
of their careers and he the sort of housewife
that keeps everything iit perfect order and
cooks from scratch. biit now the divorce rate
is rlsirtg arid this type ends up going solo
more and more often

Woo walnut dcr Herr Mueller?

One of the tnost interesting people i ever
met was the father of a friend of mine.
Christine Mueller. A tall man with deep litres
in his face. llerr Mueller fascinated itte
because he gave away so little of what he
was tlttitkirtg when he spoke. without being
insincere or secretive

He works very liiglt tip in the European
Common Market tttgdilildflilfl. if f
understood his reluctant esplartation of his
position correctly. and spends a fit! of time
away from home on the rob. yet his family
was so tight. you could tell that they all really
enjoyed being together lie was a very pa
tient listener and very tltillL‘llrtlditl about his
own acctrittplislritieiits

“Oh. yes Washington lwas there once "

 

 

“Do you have airy trouble here. i mean.
trouble getting around or anything? The life
arid the people must be difficult sometimes.

"It Isn't that bad actually. My husband artd
i sometimes Irave problems with the
language. biit we deal with all problems like
other intelligent people. Much as you might.
if you were iii Africa."

"Oh. yes. Of course." the German
woman said. miiitihling into slleitce.

Another fifteen minutes passed itt silence
before the train stopped aitd the three Ger-
man \vonten left the compartment. They all
tossed Aiif Wiederschen's behind them as l
slirtrtl to hold the door As soon as they left.
l introduced myself and began a conversa-
tion lfer English was very British soundlitg
and she formed words slowly despite the
emotion behind them

“Is that all ‘ ire. what you said?" I asked.

"Oh. yes I don't lie to people. but I did
not appreciate the way she was talking to
me. like i was air idiot and l rlld rtot know
what she was trying to say without saying It."
she explained. “l have never been to
America. but fit my country. iit Rhodesia. we
are much more friendly to foreigners. aitd
lust because someone does not speak your
language or is itot black. we don't say that he
Is not as good as we are. arid that's what it is
like here."

We talked sortie more about German at-
titudes toward foreigners arid she told me
that her husband was studying to become a

doctor In Cologne. “He must finish four
more years here. but I don't like It here.
because It you are black-skinned like

 

 

Africans. then people here treat you like a
curiosity. and if you are Turkish or Greek.
their they are worse "

1 took the opportunity to ask her about
Africa. because 1 had never spoken to an
Afiicaii before and as we talked art older
guy. who apparently was a South African
jazz. bass player now livrrtg iii Sweden. s'l(tp~
ped iii to say hello He was a little drunk. it
seemed. biit very friendly “i don't see many
Africans. so when I do I always say hello.
he said. “It is lonely sometimes. because I
travel to play a lot. and so when | see African
women. l always say hello." lie went on
smiling.

l was wondering if he was trying to put the
make on ltet when his stop was announced
and he left abruptly At Cologne. I helped
my Rhodesian friend with her baggage aitd
met her husband briefly before the train pull-
ed out again

Patholo- Donal-ch

I love German food. with the exception of
Ox Ioirgue soup. and i really enjoyed takiitg
rrrv friend. Sarah, out to dinner. so that l
could order In my newly acquired perfectes
Deutsch aitd show off. It was Interesting to
see that the waiter or waitress would always
address Sarah. who Is lrish and therefore
looks German. exclusively. arid then I'd
have to cut in arid surprise them.

“Site doesn't speak arty German. Herr
Ober. We’re Americans. you see."

“Ach so. pardon me. sir."

“Selbstverstaandltch.” l‘d say smiling.

"We're you there on vacation?"

"No. in). I had a meeting ivtth your Mr
Reagan I liked the city. though "

it was much later during a long conversa-
tioir wrtli Christine. that i finally learned
where this man had come front The
.Vluelleis had always been a leading family in
Bavaria She told me that her great
grandfather had founded a brewery v~ the
best way to instant fame in the land of beer
— arid that her grandfather had been a
general urtder Hitler.

“He wasn't such a big Nazi. but he was a
good general and there was no place else to
work." she explained "My fatltei had to go
to a boarding school for the sons of the big
Nazis. and it was incredibly strict. so he hated
it artd everything they (the Nazis) Slitt‘itl for i
think that‘s why he doesn't put pressure or
tie to do well irt school."

it miirle a lot of sense “What did he do
after the war?" I asked.

"One day. a group of the boys front his
school and some others came to his house to
ask if he wanted to come with them to Brazil
where they were goirrg to build a new Reich.
but he citased them away and stayed to
rebuild the house."

Wlo kann man beunollon?

Maybe I've been a bit too pretentious
writing this. There's a lot more to Germany
that I have and haven't seen that was not In-
cluded here. I did see enough to realize that
Germans simply think dlffereittly titan we
do. and that as they move away from the -
pain of past mistakes. my observations. and
criticisms will be less and less valid. 1 refuse to
'udge.

 

 

  
  

 
    
 

 

  
  

 

.. luv vi...-..s.....-._

