 

 

' Brazil but did not identify

 

r

WORLDIE

 

 

Airport unsafe site

Beirut, Lebanon
(AP) President Amin Gemayel is asking
Lebanon’s warring leaders to meet in
Switzerland for a peace conference canceled
before it could convene Thursday morning at
Beirut's airport, ofﬁcial sources said Thurs-
day. .

The sources. who requested anonymity.
said the United Nations complex in Geneva
now appeared to be the most likely site accep-
table to the eight leaders invited to discuss
with Gemayel a new formula for peacefully
dividing power between Moslems and Chris-
tians.

The main three opposition leaders. who
are backed by Syria. rejected the airport as
an unsafe site, for the reconciliation con-
ference that is intended to end eight years of
civil turmoil in Lebanon.

Their rejection, announced Wednesday.
was accompanied by widespread violations of
Lebanon's 25-day-old civil war ceaseﬁre In
southern Beirut's Shiite Moslem
neighborhoods and the Druse-populated
mountains overlooking the capital. Both
Shiite and Druse militiamen, with support
from Syria, had battled the Lebanese army
and rightist Christian militias during the civil
warfare.

Crisis measures taken

Brasilia. Brazil
(AP) President Joao Figueiredo invoked
emergency powers in the capital shortly
before a deﬁant Congress rejected unpopular
austerity legislation intended to help rescue
Brazil from a $90 billion foreign debt.

The emergency measures. imposed
Wednesday night and set to last for 60 days.
allow for house searches and arrests without
warrants, suspension of freedom of
assembly. and control over state-run com-
panics.

Police patrols were placed on alert and
public gatherings were banned, but the
streets of Brasilia. a modern inland city, were
quiet early Thursday. '

A presidential decree said the emergency
measures were adopted to prevent “outside
agitators" from intimidating members of the
House of Representatives during their
deliberations. The military regime said the
"agitators" had been recruited from all over
them.

ill

  

 

 

. 2 'ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS CI OCTOBER 2], i983

Grenada Minister shot

Bridgetown. Barbados
(AP) Soldiers killed Grenada Prime Minister
Maurice Bishop and three Cabinet ministers
outside army headquarters in the capital of
St. George's. and the new regime Thursday
urged citizens to "be vigilant against im-
perialistic attempts at counter-revolution."
It warned again they would be shot on
sight if they violate martial law.
Radio Free Grenada repeated a statement
by the army commander. Gen. Hudson

Austin, who late Wednesday said a “revolu- '

tionary and military" council had been
established to rule the Caribbean island and
all schools and businesses would be closed
until “normality is returned."

In the radio broadcast monitored in Bar-
bados. he said a 24-hour curfew had been Im-
posed until 6 p.m. Monday, that no one
would be allowed to leave their homes. and
that the armed forces were under “strict
restrictions to shoot anyone who seeks to
disturb the peace." '

NAIONWIE

  

Baez awarded prize

Philadelphia
(AP) Protest singer and activist Joan Baez
accepted a peace prize from the SANE
Education Fund on a day she said held
special signiﬁcance.

The award has “meaning for me in that it
points to a new future for peace and non-
violent social change on the day that ‘Con-
gress recognized Martin Luther King's birth-
day as a national holiday." she said Wednes-
day night after accepting the organization's
peace Award before 400 people at a dinner.

Ms. Baez worked with King until his
assassination in I968. The SANE Education
Fund said it was recognizing Ms. Baez's ef-
forts to “heighten public awareness about
nuclear disarmament and the importance of
non-violence in building a more. . .just
world.”

Powers Act amended

Washington, D. C.
(AP) The Senate voted Thursday to amend
the I973 War Powers Act in an effort to pro-
vide a constitutional means for Congress to
overrule a presidential decision and order
U.S. troops brought back from hostilities

   
 

war.

The amendment. offered by Senate
Democratic Leader Robert C. Byrd of West
Virginia, would permit Congress to take such
action by passing a resolution that would be
subject to veto by the presidept. To overcome
the veto, a two-thirds majority of both
houses would be needed.

The War Powers Act. in a provision that
has never been exercised authorized Congrest
to take such action by passing a resolution
not subject to veto by the president. In this
way, Congress could overrule the president
by a simple majority of both tiie House and
Senate.

The Supreme Court, in a case this year that
did not involve the War Powers Act, ruled
that such so-called legislative veto provisions
are unconstitutional.

Former D.A. guilty

Nashville, Tennessee
(AP) Former Brooklyn District Attorney
Eugene Gold. accused of molesting a
10-year-old girl. avoided trial Thursday by
admitting his guilt and agreeing to enter a
treatment program. District Attorney
General Thomas Shriver said. '

Shriver said Gold. who prosecuted the
"Son of Sam" case. signed a statement in
which he agreed to seek long-term psychiatric
care.

Gold was charged with aggravated rape
after he allegedly fondled the girl in lter
parents' Nashville hotel room during a
district attorneys' convention Aug. ID. The
charge against Gold will be shelved for two
years while he ttndergocs psychiatric treat-
ment. then be dropped, Shriver said.

King holiday passed

Washington. D.C.
(AP) The Senate voted Wednesday to honor
Martin Luther King Jr. with a federal holiday
bearing his name — a memorial created for
only one other American in the nation's
history. The only other day honoring an in-
dividual is Washington's Birthday.

The holiday will be celebrated on the third
Monday in January beginning in I986. Presi-
dent Reagan 'is committed to signing the
legislation, which the House approved Attg.
2 by 338-90.

Wednesday's vote ended l5 years of ef—
forts by supporters to create the ltoliday as a
memorial to King, the Baptist minister whose
ﬁght for equality by peaceful means won him
the Nobel peace prize in 1964.

In the final hours of Senate consideration.

 

 

backers of the bill endured one last charge

   
  

  

  

 

abroad in the absence of a declaration of i from Sen. Jesse Helms. the conservative

North Carolina Republican who contended

"King associated with “far left elements and

elements of the Communist Party."

,STAIDE

   

PCBs kIII owl.

' . Delmar
LAP) An owl. the first animal from the St.
Lawrence River region ever atuopsied for
toxic substances — died of PCBs poisoning,
a Department of Environmental Conserva-
tion spokesman says.

Ward Stone, a wildlife pathologist. said
the ﬁnding last week underlines the per-
sistencc of the toxic substances in Lake 0n-
tario and the St. Lawrence River.

“The owl is a good monitor of the local en-
vironment. . .because it doesn't fly to Loui-
siana in the winter." he said.

Tests conducted at the Hole Crcck Field
Station near Johnstown revealed 409 parts
per million of PCBs in the brain. The DIEC
lists 300 ppm as a lethal dose for owls. Stone
said.

He said Mirex ttnd other toxic chemicals
tlso were present.

More lay-offs seen

R!)t‘/It’.\'lt‘l'
(AP) Eastman Kodak Co., which has laid off
2,700 workers this year, may be forced to lay
off more in selected units ifothcrgstelns to cut
costs do not succeed, President Kay Whit
more says.

“When a division or a department can find
no other way to operate effectively, it ma)t
become necessary to reduce the staff on at:
involuntary basis," Whitmorc is quoted as
saying.

Kodak has been hit hard by Japanese com-
petition, globai recession and the strength of
the U.S. dollar. which has tnadc its products
overpriced in foreign markets.

Of the 90,900 U.S. workers employed by
Kodak at the start of I983, 2.700 have been
laid off. Several thousand more have quit or
taken voluntary early retirement under a
special company incentive plan.

Mart dispute settled

New York
(AP) Gov. Mario Cuomo and Mayor Edward
Koch have settled a dispute over who will
control and develop the proposed $400
million 42nd Street Merchandise Mart. t‘org»
ing the ﬁnal link in a plan to rebuild the
Times Square arch.

The two announced Wednesday that a
compromise consortium will develop and
operate the mart, which will be built opposite
the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Eighth
Avenue. Tishmttn Spcyer Properties will
develop the 2.4 million-squarc-foot Mart and
Trammel Crow of Dallas wrll operate it.

in announcing their decision. the govct IIOI
said that the compromise consortium "corn-
bines the financial strength. the diversity. and
the special expertise" that both he and Koch
had been seeking.

The lJ-ucrc mart is n tnujor element of the
$1.6 billion Times Square Redevelopment
Project. which will include four ot‘i‘icc
towers. a SOD-room hotel and the renovation
and upgrading of historic theaters. The mart
will be a wholesale market and mixcd~usc
building.

 

 

OF

UCB end University Cinema proud},
Friday. Oct. 21 at midnight and

Five Quad Volunteer Ambulance
Corp. will hold an open house on
“ ,. Oct. 22 In Delaney Hall
Room 102 on Colonial Quad from 12
to 5 p.m.

 

 

 

The Office of Internatlon Programs
Dialer" "The Lilli Waitl" 8 film. on will sponsor a meeting for students
interested In studying In Denmark
Saturday, Oct. 22at 7:30 p.m. In LC on Monday, Oct. 24 at 2 p.m. in
18 Humanities 354. This meeting will
Include a slide presentation as well
as a film. In addition, on Tuesday,
Oct. 26 at 1:30 p.m. In Humanities
290 there will be a meeting for those
Interested In the SUNYA Grenublo. 457-8331.

parloncea.

. There will be

France program
 former participants present at both

meetings to talk about their ox-

Propre roglltratlon for Communion.
tion undergraduate majors will be

25 at 11:15 am. In Physics

Neskovlc of Oak Ridge National
Lab will be speaking on “Th

bow Effect In Ian I“ "

held on Thursday, Oct. 27 from 9

Internships

am. to 2 p.m. In Humanities 354.

Center for Undergraduate Educav
tion announces Washington Center
available In
Washington, D.C. for Spring of
1984. Applications are,avallable In
CUE. The deadline is Tuesday. Nov.
1, 1983. For more information call

Campus Center
speakers will

375.

Department oi Physics presents a
physics colloquium Tuesday. Oct.

The Gay and Lesbian Alliance
(GALA) will present a discussion on
Gay and Lesbian Legal Rights on
Tuesday, Oct. 25 at 8:30 p.m. In

Include SA
representative. Mark Mlshlar and an
Attorney General. The discussion
will include such topics as mar-
riage; ROTC, Gay and Lesbian

parents. adoption and equal oppor-
tunity/afflrmltlve action programs.
All are welcomel For more Informa-
tion call 4574078.

129. N.
a Rain-

" ..., ' will sponsor
a Guatemalan refugee elide presen-
tation on Tuesday. Oct. 25 at 7:30
p.m. In LC 5. Admission Is free. All
are welcome.

JSC-Hlllol will hold a reception for
Hillel memebere and their parents
on Saturday, Oct. 22, from 4 p.m. to
5:30 p.m. In the Campus Center
Assembly Hall. Refreshments will
be served. For more Intormatlon
«call 457-7508.

Guoat
legal

 

 

 

 

ii

 

 

By Christine Reffelt

A recent furor on the SUNY Stony Brmi
campus regarding the teaching of zionism as
racism reached Albany this week when Revi-
sionist Zionist Altcrmttivc and the Tagar
Zionist activists rallicd at SUNY Central in
protest.

The controversy, which has blown into a
statewide rift with Governor Cuotno's per-
sonal involvement. started when a visiting
Israeli professor, Sclwyn K. 'l‘rucn. charged
that Stony Brook professor Ernest Dube was
using his classroom “for tltc sloganecring
practiced by an unti-sctniic."

Steve I'lilscnrath. chairman of thc RZA,
said at the rally that he believes that Dubc is
spreading racist vich towards .icws irt his lec-
lurcs. “Anti-semitistn and .lcw hatred must
be removed from the classroom," he
declared. “Sprcuding unti-rionisrn so easily
on campus leads to unti»semitism, which
eventually leads to the death of tilt .Icws." he
added.

Dube. 54. has bccn tcnching the "Politics
of Race Relations" course for three years.
Recently. several accusations against Dube
have been voiced because of the ttnti~scntitic
nature of his lectures. The syllabus. which
states. “Fifth week: The three forms of
racism and how they have " ‘
themselves: I) Nazism in Germany. 2) Apar-
theid in South Africa. 3) Zionism in Israel,”
disturbed RZA president Gady Buiumsohn,
who commented that “anyone who sees
zionism as racist and who teaches zionism as
rucistn is an ttnti-setnitic." Dube therefore.
“is a racist" added Bttiumsohn.

However. according to a New Yorlr Titties
article on October 2. an Executive Commit-
tee of Stony Brook University Senate found
the evidence skimpy, and decided that Dube
had acted within the bounds of academic
freedom.

But local Jewish groups were notified, the
Times said, and they pressed the issttc with a
Cuomo aide who Specializes in Jewish af-
fairs. Within two wccks. Cuomo had issued a
statement singling out professor Dttbc and
condemning anyonc who linkcd Zionism and
racism.

On Sept. I2, the full Stony Brook Senate
tnct and agreed with the Executive Commit-
tcc by a 54-I4 vote, and the administration

 

 

Jewish students protest at SUNV Control In Albany

Stony Brook professor equated Zionirm with Nazism and apartheid.

agreed to review all courses considered racial-
ly or ethnically sensitive.

Debi Meyer, secretary for the RZA.
however. said she felt that Dube is being pro-
tected by the Stony Brook administration.
“He has the academic freedom to teach what
he wants" she noted. Meyer explained that
“spreading views that Lionism is equal to
racism leads to nnti-scmitistn running rain-
pant on campus."Shc noted that it has taken
years to get anit»scmitism out of the
classrootn. and was disturbed at how it has
been "allowed to return." This type of
slander. emphasized Mcycr. "is a real pro-
blcm."

In a tclcphottc intcrvicw 'I‘hursday, Dube
said that his “course does not cquutc Iionism
with racism. l mcrcly tcuch facts and provide
information. My students can verify anything
I teach through additional reading material."
Dube added that he feels the entire situation
has been blown cornpictcly out of propor-

Council members may

 

By Heidi Grnlla

(ISXUFIA ['15 NEWS EDITOR

 

Central Council Internal Affairs Commit-
tcc will meet Friday to determine whether or
not they will contest SA's Fall elections. held
on Oct. l7 and lit.

The Alunmi Quad Central Council election
has already been contested and rescheduled
for Monday, Oct. 31 and Tuesday. Nov. 1.

Council also voted Wednesday night to
establish an off-campus coordinator's
budget. to rcjcct thc appointment of
Hamilton South as u Supreme Court justice,
and to pass two proposals regarding SA tax
policy.

The Alumni Quud Central Council clcction
\vtts contcstcd by Ntttltttnicl (‘httrncy who ttc'
cuscd one of his opponents. Stcvc Sinatra. of
violating clcction policy by campaigning in
the cafeteria on clcction night. Elections
('tnnmissioncr 'I‘otn Iinsby stud. hnwcver,
that the only reason hc has rcschcdulcd the
election is bccusuc Stutlcnt Association I’rcsi-
dcnt Rich Sclml'l‘cr brought it to histtttcntion
[hill the voting booth was in the wrong plucc.

According to Scinti'l'ct. IIIiL‘i‘IIili Affairs
conunutcc chuh Neil Shapiro unexpectedly
proposed to council that I'lt'c'titills (‘onuuis-
sioncr 'I'otn Ilnshy be recalled for breaking
elections policy.

Sclntfl‘ct \illti llmt Shapiro then tried to
“extort” from council a yes vote by thretttcn-
ing that his connnittcc would contest the en-
tirc I-‘uil clct'tion il' liusby was not rccnlicd.

The matter was tabled after at Icnst two
members of council stood up and accused
Shapiro ol‘ extortion. and council decided not
to discuss thc issue, ayway. because Busby
was not there to defend himself. according to
Central Council Chair Bob Hclbock.

“It was Neil'stShnpiro) bombshell and the
way it was presented was atrocious," Schaf—
fer asserted.

Busby violated election policy. Shapiro

said. "by failing to appoint an election corn-
mission and failing to have it approved by
Central Council anti failing to pttt candidates
names on the ballot in random order."

Shapiro said that it was unjust to the can-
didates to hold elections without an approved
elections commission, and an unfairly ur-
rangctl bullot. 'l‘hc election commission
assists the commissioner in running SA cIcc~
tions.

Schaffcr and SA Vice President .Icl'frcy
Schneider said Busby took the cnndidtttcs
names out of tile ASP in random order.
Shapiro, however. contcntlcd that
should have "picked ottt of u but" and that
Busby may have put the names in u specifical-
ly chosen order. Tltc clcction policy does

Busby '

tion, as have the facts. "Most of the
demonstrators don't even know what my
course is about" explained the professor. “If
they did, then they would know that I have
never advocated racism. (but rather) I have
shown racism in all lights. Anti-scmilism is
not anti-Zionism. It is impossible to parallel
the two. because they are so different."

When asked if he was nervous about his
current position at Stony Brook, Dttbe
replied “Of course not." He added that he
has nothing to Itidc, and would be "willing to
sit down and speak openly to the open-
tnindcd people who have questions." Dube
clnriﬁcd his position further, explaining that,
“I am not racist. nor do I teach that Zionism
is racism. I teach abort! the subject of
racism.” “This cannot lead to the false statc-
ruent that my course is in any way anti-
semitic." he added.

Geoffrey Rciss, a student at Stony Brook.
attcndcd Dubc's controversial lectures. and

 

said that “It‘s lutrd to tell if Dubc's ideas are
accusations or realities bccausc he's such a
highly opinionated person."

Such confusion must be eliminated and
can only be eliminated if arid when Dube is
ﬁred from his position. Hilscnrath and other
RZA members are. therefore, "calling for his
removal. Dube must be fired." said
Hilscnrath, adding that, “a man like this is
like a cancer that will spread. We must
eliminate It before it goes too far and does
too much damage.”

RZA also feels that not enough SUNY
students are aware of the seriousness of the
matter at Stony Brook. “Albany students are
too apathetic and thus not enough can be
done to put an end to anti-scrnitism,” said
Buiumsohn. “All students must realize that
ttnti-scmitism is far from being dead." "They
must activcly involve themselves to realize
this" Itcttddcd. i l

challenge SA elections

not make it completely clcur whose respon-
sibilin it is to submit the commission
mcmbcrs' names to council.

chcrul SA ofﬁcials. including Schuffcr.
Schneider, and Hclbock. accepted somt.‘
responsibility for failing to bring the elections
comm. ion to council for approval.

Shapiro said the error was Busby‘s.
Schneider explained that “We (be, I-Iclbock
und Sclutffcr) were not aware that we had to
bring that (the elections commission) before
council." l‘I question why it wasn‘t brought
up by Ihcrn (lntcrnul Affairs) bcforc clcc-
lions." Schneider added.

Schncidcr said tltnt ltc and Minority All
fairs coordinator Vivittn Vusqucr condttclcd
the interviews for the Commission. Busby

 

 

Central Council Chair Bob Helboclt
Confusion exists in election procedure.

 

said that when he was appointed he was given
most of the names of the to member election
conunission. tltrcc of who were members last
year. "When Jeff Schneider approved the
members of the commission I thought that
would be sufficient," Busby maintained.
Busby, who receives a $200 stipend per elec-
tion was unanimously approved by council
on Sept. 28..

I007 SUNYA students voted in the SA
elections. The new Central Council members
or: Eric Dorf, Indian; Andy Targovnik.
Static; Mikc Sirignano. Dutch; and Marc
Goldberg. Richard A. Sulttdino, Steve Ap-
pclson, Linda Carson, Luttri Cole. Off-
Campus. 'l‘hc ncw Colonial Quad Scnutc
representative is 'l'odd Benton. Mnluric Stcin
anti .Ittck Simon were elected as SASU
dcicgntcs.

Off (‘aunpus coordinator Su/y .-\II|t‘Illt
rcccivcd it $700 budget during titc council
Inccting. by a vote of 25-57 I.

$500 of the budget will be used for projects
and $200 will be used for udrninistrntitc cx~
pcnscs, such as copying costs.

Although only five council members voted
against grunting Aulcttn the budget. the issue
was hotly debated.

Dutch Quad tcprcscntutivc .Icl't' Wcinstcin
said he voted no bccttusc in thc rcccntly pus--
cd Executive Rcorgunitution Act, it states
that the offcumpus coordinator is "rcsporu
sible to" the Off Campus board of directors.
so. he explained, there should be one budget
for both the Off Campus coordinator and the
board of dircctors.

“I just don't think that is nccessary to huvc
two dil‘fcrcnt budgets," he added. '

Scitttl‘fcr said he plans to submit legislation
to Council next week that would clear up
Aulettu's job description in the Executive
Reorganization Act.

Aulelta explained. “It isn't fair't‘or me to
use the Off Campus board of directors

Db

 

