 

 

..... q. 7......  .45...

w "u- mes ~97...“ ...

.a .- a». 1mg.me

.- -......-‘t_...

uvw
'v auras..- ‘kux‘mm

 

22 Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS :1 OCTOBER 4.1983

Women netters aimed at ECAC Tournament

By Perry Tischler

After recording tlteir fourth vic-
tory last Thursday in as many 'mat-
ches. coach Mari Warner and four
members or the Albany I State
women's tennis team packed their
rackets and balls and headed for the
annual Eastern Coilegiates Tourna-
ment at West Point on Saturday.

The weekend rain moved the
tournament inside and made for a
very long and difficult day in which
the Dane representatives didn't fare
too well. First singles Debbie Leffe,
second singles Joan Phillips. and
the doubles duo of Helene Tishler
and Lauren lsaacs all suffered
opening round losses to some very
stiff competition.

chfe faced Teri Gaskill of James

Madison in the opener. Gaskiii._

who was ranked fourth out of sixty-
two, defeated Leffe 6-i. 6-2.

Phillips didn't fare much better ‘
against Kalika Dalvie of Concordia '

as she dropped her match 6-0. 6-4.
The tandem of Tishler-isaacs lost to
Seton Hall 6-2. 6-2.

in the consolation games. the net-
women played a little better but still
only managed to win otre out of
four matches. Phillips. in one of her
best matches ever. vollcyed past
Traci Zwieg of Pace 6-l. 6-3. to win
her first consolatiotr match. in the
follow-up match. she fell quickly
6-l. 6-0. In a long match which
displayed the good ettdurance of
number one doubles Tishler and
lsaacs. the Dane duo fcll 7-6, 7-5. to
LeMoync College.

“Although the scores don't show

it. the girls played really well" com-'
mented coach Mari Warner. When
asked if she was dissappointed with
the outcome, Warner replied. “We
played against some real good
talent and the experience will make
its a much better team. We have a
real tough week ahead of us with
Vermont. Vassar. and St.
Lawrence. and we really need the
wins to stay on top.”

The tournament. which hosted
numerous colleges from the eastern
seaboard. is fairly new to SUNY.
Albany. They’ve only participated
in it the last couple of years. and
have never finished higher than
tenth.

Hopefully the experience gained
by the girls will turn ottt a corrpie of
tnore Albany wins this week. ["1

City looks to renovate Shea

Albany, N. Y.

(AP) Gov. Mario Cttorno says he
may be ready to offer state lrcip if
New York City officials want to pttt
a roof on Shea Stadium rtnd add ex-
tra seats and parking at the facility.

"You must do something." the
governor told reporters on Mon-
day.

“We
facility."

Cuomo said that while he‘ll “let
the city take the lead" on any new
Shea Stadium project. “l‘m sure no
one would object if the state took
an interest rtnd sought to supple-
ment their efforts."

The governor's cotntncnts crtmc
less than u week after New York Ci-
ty Mayor Edward Koch said the Na-

havc to improve the

 
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
  

tionrtl Football League's New York
lots would be moving to the
Mcadowlrtnds sports complex in
neighboring New Jersey next year.
“We need to get a better facility
than Shea Stadium." insisted
Cuorno of efforts to find a new
football tertrn for the city which was
earlier deserted by the New York
Giants. The Giants left Yankee
Stadium irt frtvor of the
Meadowlands complex.

The governor said that among the
things which should be considered
were putting a roof on Shea
Stadium, expanding the scrtting and
adding additional parking.

Anti (‘uomo said that perhaps the
facility should be expanded to per-

£0
9| El

1983’s HOTTEST NEW BAND

It» Violent fe-

lwconcsonv oer. 5
i LIS'I'EII n 91 fm

FOR YOIIII GHAIIGE
1'. VIII II'IX

TICKETS ON SALE AT THE SUN YA RECORD 00 ~30}? ..._

rnit more titan football and baseball
(the baseball Mcts play at Shea) to
be played there.

“Maybe you could move them
(the Nrttiorrai Basketball Associa-
tion's New York Knicks) into the
complex and keep that real estate
(Madison Square Garden). the
tcrtm‘s current borne in the middle
of Manhattan which is rt gold
mine." said Cuomo.

Tire National Hockey League's
New York Rangers also pltty at the
Garden.

The governor said that he was
"thinking" of several possibilities
for Short rttrd might name it task
force lrtter this month to irrvcstigtttc
sortrc of his proposals.

All.

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

8 UPS

 

 

LISA SIMMON

The women's tennis team laced some rugged competition at the
ECAC Tournament held at West Point this Saturday.

Danes lose to Union, 24-7

<Baclr Page

that seemed insurmountable con-
sidering the way Albany was mov-
ing the brtll.

The Drutcs had rt big opportunity
to get brtck iii the contest when Bob
lirien carried on a reverse
downl‘icld. When he crossed the
Union 20 yard line and looked like
he might take it in. he lost the ban-
dic on the slippcry football and
Uttiott recovered.

The Dtttchrnen added rt mean-
ingless Tl) midway through tltc
fourth quarter on rt 14 yard Stewart
pass to Frank Kraft. i

PAW PRINTS:

Thc l-3 Danes will next face
Southern Connecticut on the road.
Srttttrdrty rtfternoon...Qli Miltmo
suffered rt slight sprained ankle in
tire fourth quarter. but he will be fit
for action against S.C. Rick .loncs
came in to relieve him.../\ftcr a
rocky .strtrt. Stewart wcrtt 11-25 for
ifr7 yurds...Miirmo looked good
witch he llrrcw the bail even though
his 5-14 for 4H yrtrds .strttistics don't
show it...'l‘hc Albany defcnsc held 2
good Union tttilbrtcks. .lon Johnson
and liill iitrttncr. to ttrrdcr 3.0 yrtrds
per carry.

Man

83 Hudson Avenue

mes ¥

 

 

Violent Fommoa
VIOLENT FEMMES
introduced to us by the way of
WCDB favorite, "Blister in the Sun,"
these boys have injected themselves
i to our hearts and onto the 91FM‘
p aylists. What we forgot late“ you:
we have the whole albuml And it's
just full of great songs, each unique in 1
its own way. From passionate ballads
like "Please Do Not Go” and “Good
Feeling” where you can almost feel
lead vocalist Cordon Gano’s agony to
the vehement stabs taken in “Kiss
Off" and "Add it Up." this LP has it

 

 

EAIEWKYESTE

 

    
  

 

E
i
r

i
i
r
i
l

 

 

 

 

Women b_ooters defeated

By Mark Wllgard

STAFF WRITE

When one looks at the roster of the Albany
State women’s soccer team. it isn't hard to
notice the eight freshmen players they have.
inexperience should therefore be the focal
point of this extremely young squad.
However, the Great Danes are playing like a
team that has been around together for many

years.

This past Saturday. Albany traveled to
Cortland knowing very well this would be
their toughest match of the season. The Red.
Dragons were undefeated and ranked third in
the nation. The Danes played a great game
even though they came out on the short end
of the stick. bowing 1-0.

“it doesn't feel quite like a loss. losing to a
national power." remarked head coach Amy
Kidder.

Cortland scored the only goal of the game
fifteen minutes into the second ltalf. it catne
on a corner kick that went directly in the net.
Other titan that score, goalkeeper Cathy
Russo would not let anything get past her.
She faced 32 shots. and had l7 saves. “Cathy
was phenomenal." praised Kidder. “Site
never played as well as she did on Saturday."

Tire Danes had two aims they set before
the game. Each player wanted to prevent
their tnan from scoring. and frottt getting rt
direct shot on goal. Albany themselves had
only one shot on goal the entire game. tltrtt
coming in the last few seconds. “it sounds
like we didn't generate any offense." Kidder
srtid. “We got the brtll up to the midfield. bttt

iwe just couldn'tgct it by them. Their defense
tshzomg'ood. and ti was very hard to penetrate

Last year. the Danes la ed the h' -
ranked Red Dragons to apt-ly tic. Tltislgldrlti
Cortland is even stronger and that made
Albany's task even tougher. The fact that the
Danes only went to the game with 13 players
didn't help tltctrr at all either. But they played
one stupendous game in holding Cortland to
just one goal.

“The whole team played well," said Kid-
der. "it was the best total team performance
we had this year. We weren’t awed by them.
We went out to win a game."

The upcoming schedule can only help the
Danes. Five of the next six matches are at
home. Today. they host LeMoync beginning
at 3:30 and Saturday St. Lawrence comes to
town. “Both games this week rrrc up for
grabs." noted Kidder. “We‘re playing good
ball. but we're extremely tired." She also ad-
ded..”This is a pivotal week for trs. we need
to wttt these two games. Our schedule gets a
lot tougher; we still ltavc to play l-iartwick.
t "l. and Springfield." 1 i

THROW-INS:

Danes' record fell to 4-3 with the
iriss...Gortitcrtding has been superb thus far:
Russo has three shutouts and 6t saves. Site
has only let up nine goals irt tltc six games
site's been irt. Tracy Knattl has hrtti two
shutouts lll her two gnmcs...l\'erry Young
lends the team in scoring with five goals and
two assists...A|bttuy is 2-0 crtrccrwisc rtgrtinst
LcMoyrrcfl'hcy beat tltctn 2-1 last year.

Netmen place seventh

 

By Keith Murder

STAFF WRITER

 

The Albany State men's tennis team came
in seventh place in the 25 learn ECAC tour-
nament which was held here last Friday and
Saturday. The contest was won by Division l
Rhode island University with 17 points.

The Danes tied their SUNY Conference
rivals. the University of Buffalo. with a total
of 10 points.

This line finish was paced by number two
singles Rob Karen and the number one
doubles team of David Grossrnan and Tom
Sehmitz. Karen and Grossman sintiliarly led

Sports Briefs

Harriers seventh

The Albtttry Sttttc women's cross—country
tcttm lrrtvclicd to Syracuse last Saturday to
compete irt tltc 34th LeMoync Invitational.
'it was an up urrd down day for tire Drmcs
who finished seventh of tire l2 women's
tcrtms competing on the hilly, tltt'cc»miic
course.

‘ Sophomore Karen Kurtlty finished first
for the Dunes and sixth in the overall plac-
“ltl. recording rt time of ltihtd rtiong the
'wrty. “it was a very. very strong tUlt'lO
field." remarked llertd Couch Ron Wltitc.
I t‘ , "“K‘ﬁt ."‘ -_ 1

  

. UPS
Th0 women'o orou country tum plac-
ed «unit: at tho LeMoync lnvltatlonal.

 

-l

thc Danes to their impressive second place
finish in the Great Dane Classic.

Karen rnrtdc it to the semi-finals with the
help of a good draw. He was rolling right
along until he ran irtto a wall in Erie Lipton
of the University of Rochester. Karen had
previousiv beaten Kevin Fiske of Salem State,
6-3. 6-l. Art Troisi of Sierra. 6-2. 6~t and
Alex Hinton of Wesleyan, 6-2. 6-0. before
losing to number two seeded Lipton. 6-l. 6-2.

Meanwhile. the number one doubles team
of Grossnutn and Sehmitz. were enjoying
some succch of tircir own by tnrtkittg it irtto
the quarter-finals before losing to Gaicgo and
Rinaldi frotrt the University of Rhode island.

 

“so for her to break in there was rcttlly
something." Albany‘s ttttttrhcr two runner,
licttc' Drtnnbtt. was hampered by rt bud
cold. bttt still finished itt 20:10. while
freshman Munro Mrtltott finished third for
the Danes.

Sauers wins golf

Dick Suttcts recently showed that his
lttlcttts go beyond basketball coaching. The
Albany Strttc llcrtd ('ortch won the iittstctn
New York (ioif Associrttiort Seniors t‘hrtnn
pionship at Troy ('otmtry (‘lub on l-‘ridrty.
defeating former Ri'l basketball cortclr liill
Krtlbrtugh on tile second plrtyotl ltolc.
Suttch shot rt .‘Htvct-pru 75 for lllt' tctttitt-
tiort lti holes.

Snucrs SLtllL‘tl rt pat on the second playoff
hole to defeat Krtlhrtuglt. Srtttcrs won tltc
age 50-59 category wirilc Krtlbattgh won for
ages (idol).

Upcoming events

Looking to contittttc their inspirational
pitty following rt win over ilrockpott Strttc
on Saturday, the men‘s soccer team will
host tltc Uttlon College Dutchmen on
Wednesday beginning ill 3:30 p.rn. The
bootcrs' record is now 3-3...l7resh from it
good performance against tough competi-
tlott lll tltc ECACs last weekend. the
women's tennis team hosts Vassar College
tomorrow rtt 3:30 p.m...Thc women's
volleyball tcrtrn trttveis up to l’iattsburgh
for rt rnntclr with the Cardinals Thursday
night...Looking to rebound following a
tough loss to top-ranked Cortland on
Saturday. the women's soccer team takes
lon LeMoync in a home game today at 3:30
.p.m.

 

OCTOBER 4,1983 El ALBANY'STUDENTPRESS  23

-,e w":

 

 

by Cortland, 1-0

 

ED MARUBBICH UPS
The women's soccer team played an outstanding game In a 1-0 loss to Cortland.
The Dragons were ranked third In the nation botoro the game.

in ECAC Tournament

They were beaten in a very tough match. 6-3.
2-6, 7-6. This was a very commendable per-
formance considering that this is the first
time since last season the combinatiotr of
Grossman and Sehmitz have been paired up.

Another player who had a good showing
was number one singles, Dave Uiriclr. Ulrich
beat his counterpart Steve Noble of Division
l New Hampshire. 6-I. 6-l before being
ousted in the second round by John lliig of
Rochester. 6-l. 6-3.

This admirable seventh place linish promp-
ted Cortch .lirn Scrbalik to comment. “l'm
very pleased, considering the rturrtber of divi-
sion one tctttns (four) and in the Division I
and ii tournnmcrtts a seventh plrtcc finish is
very respectable."

This tournament rtgrtinst such torrglt op-
ponents slrottid be at line lttuc-up for the up-
coming SUNYAC tournament. “the biggest
tournament of our full season." according to
sophomore (irossmrtn.

The aforementioned SUNYACs have been
won by Albrtny four years irt rt tow. ‘i‘o

stretch that string out to five Albany will
have to beat Dinghamton and the University
of Buffalo. who are expected to be the main
challengers in their quest.

TENNIS RACKET: The Danes finished
ahead of both Division II schools, Niagara
University and Stone College in the ECAC
tournament...T0day's dual meet at Oswego
will be a very important indicator of the
Danes' chances in Friday's SUNYACs. The
Lakers recently but Blnghamton. who
possibly pose the biggest threat to the Danes'
reign as SUNYAC champions...Serballk said
Mike Dermansky should play at least doubles
against Oswego. “I want to see him practice
today and have the trainer. Jack Koelmer,
check him out. His ankle was 75-80 percent
on Friday and it was treated over the
weekend."...liefore he regains his sixth
singles spot. Dcrmunsky will have to beat
_l)rtve It‘elncrman and Mark Sanders ln
challenge matches. “All three are very close
:in tttlcnt,“ commented the coach. i 1

Men harriers take easy win;
romp over Red Raiders, 22-37

lly ’i‘om Kacrtndcs
.‘IhStM‘lnill'.\I'thI.\ IIIIIIJR
“liven better titan i expected" was the way
Albany Head Coach Bob Munscy described
the Aibttny State mcu‘s cross-country team's
22-37 rotnp over the Division l Red Raiders
of Colgate. Mttttscy was also surprised by the
wrty his runners hung on to (‘olgttte's number
one ntrttt. .loc O’Connor. who covered
Albany's 5.05-mile course in u very first time
of 26:36 to win Saturday's race. “Three of
our top five tncn smashed tltcir best times.
and we otttplrtccd thctn up front and ill back.
“In tickled." Mttnsey said.

Up front, the Duties took second. third.
fourth, and fifth beltirtd O’Connor.
Colgate’s second and titird runners finished
about tlrlrty seconds brtck with Albany's
fifth. sixth. and seventh men right behind
them ttnd in front of Colgate‘s fourth man.

Lettdittg the Danes across the line was
junior Ed McGlll. who kicked too late to
catch O'Connor. but did improve on his best
time by 19 seconds, finishing in 26:38. Cap-
tain .llm Erwin recorded the day's biggest
personal improvement. lowering his best tlrnc
by 33 seconds and finishing third in 2 :4l.
.Sophomore talent tan Clements ran tired and
finished fourth in 26:58. while Captain Chris

i‘rtlirtci Ir'lll his bcst rtrcc ever by It sccottds.
finishing in 27:03.

The second prtck of Albany runners was
icri by junior l'otn Krtcrtndcs. who lmttttccd
buck froth rt bad time Wednesday to tittislt
eighth ovctrtli. Sophomores (‘trtig i'.tt|rtto

‘ tutti t‘huck llrormcr surged prtst t'olizrttc's

fourth mrtn ill the lrtst mile to critttplt'tt‘ the
tire Dunc scoring. “lioth (‘rrtig rtrtrl t‘htrck
rrm grcrtt against ilrtt’twick. so they were rt lit-
tic tired." cxplrrincd (‘rtllrtcL

'l'hc ttrcct was significant for Albrtny itt thttl
this year's young team is now running at the
lcvel that last year's vetetrtn team was ill this
little. l'l think their team was comparable to
lust year's. except that O'Connor hrts im-
proved. nnd we beat them by an almost iden-
tical score." Clements conrrrrentcd. “Nor-
rttrtlly people call it a ‘building yenr' when
you don't ituvc tmy seniors." srtid Erwin.
“but we're-just looking to see how for we cart
improve ttnd who we crtn beat.“

The Danes now shift to tt one-racc-a-week
schedule which should allow the team to cott-
centrate on strength training. according to
Munsey. “We've been undertraining so far.
and the guys have done great. but now we've
got to look toward being ready for the big in-
vitatiortals. and. especially peaking for the
NCAA Qualifiers." Munscy explained.
Albany’s record nowfstands at 5.3. ‘ [I]

i

e"

m.».....,.........................m.........................................a...“ . _ ‘ " ~- -  "cum ‘
_ Wumixmwm‘ Wss- ‘mmézﬂunﬁuﬁiiml—UAIMIKN ‘

 

