 

My...“ , ‘0‘ ,

 

 

g l g ' ‘ NOVEMBER 4, 198
2 ASPECT-5M 3
I  ' ' ‘ Opening Act

Twister

What’s worse, turning twenty-one or pre-reglstration?

Pre-regtstration.

For the‘seventh and last time I’m pulling class cards. Yippeel I
can finally rake in all of those great electives that everyone else has
made me jealous of these past four years. Electives like bowling
and raquetball, which I’m already closed out of. Andinteresting
courses like art history. which demand ten page papers.

Another reason that I like pre-registratton (does anybody ever go
to plain registration?) is because it’s reliable. Even though it was on-
ly the second day of registration I still had to wait on long lines

' because my reporting time was at I p.m., when add the old ladies

who hand out the cards were out to lunch. .

While pre-regtstering, I remembered that I had to get a permis-
sion card for a journalism class. I had forgotten to submit three or
four stories to the instructor, who decides if I can get into his class
based upon those pieces. That meant' that I wasn't sure If I could
get into the class, so I couldn't hand my packet in.

But, when I’m all done with pre-registering. I can sit back and
relax and use the major portion of the spring semester to plan out
my up'and coming trip to Europe. So, how come I'm not happy?

Soon. I’ll have no more tears of falling grades; no more worry-

'ing about all of the studying that I should be doing. No more of this

running around getting drop/add cards; no more holds on my ac-
counts that keep me from registering on time, before all of my core
classes are closed.

And no more lines. Pre-reglstratlon lines. Commuter Cafeteria
on Tuesday's or Thursday's at 12:30 pm. Ilnes. Money-matic
lines. Infirmary lines. Women’s-bathroom-in-the-lecture-center
lines. Waiting for a CRT computer terminal lines. gettin into W.T.’s
lines. Getting a dryer at the Fifth Avenue Laundromat lines. On-
wards towards line freedoml

So how come I'm not so excited? And how come I’m going to
miss pre-registration?

 

RUNI HAIRDESIGN LTD.
A Sebastian Artistic Center it
specializing in
Distinctive Hair Fashion
from
Corporate to Controversial

Madison St 8. Swan

On SUNY Busiine
M‘FREE PARKING

 

 

 

UPSTAIRS AT THE

    

Johnny Rabb
and the
Rockin' Shadows

Friday & Saturday ?|
November 4 8r 5 '

A weekend of Frollcklng, Rocking, & Rollln'
FUN FOR EVERYONE!
9:30-10:30 Free Draft Beer

11-Midnight Friday —~ 50¢ Ladies’ Bar Drinks

Next Week: Fri. 8: Sat., Nov. 11 & 12 -—
‘I‘Io Chock-n

 

Inside 

 

3a
Fish and Jazz: Ian Spelling looks Into the fantastic bdrm
Ford Copolla’s Rumble Fish, and Ken Dornbaum checks out a new
look at the existential Gemini Jazz Cafe.

centerfold—R
Two views of today’s television: Alice McDermott redlscovers the
wacky world of game shows, while Ken D. and Evan Murphy pro-
ceed to rake MTV over the searing coals of their caustic criticism.

6a ' 79.
Sound and Vision:.Norman Kee Accidents Will Happen: Danie
proclaims the coming of age of Barth portrays an explosion of
the Motels, 0 band that really memory along a quiet country
matters, and Ron! Ginsberg road.
reviews the sensitive and con-
troversial Lianna

 

 

 

 

8a

Spectrum opens up the magical, action-packed spectacular of early
November in Albany. The Freshman tries to tackle an all-nighter
during mid term week, and Otis discovers the hard facts about

lear olitics.

Cover and centerfold photos by Etl Mrlrussicli.

 

   
 

 

AAAAAA

 

, Quote of the Week: i

f
l LL - I‘Thls picture is not long enough." ‘ r
j Gall ~ “No, it’s Mendelssohn." ‘
, .

Gail had mistakenly heard “Rachmaninoff,” and was correc- '

 

 

 

tin LL' it was in fact Mendelssohn they were listening to.

on a r
2.00 “0‘ (an
5 .'\\e“‘ °l a, pal" “ gnaw” 569:6“
“1,3: 90“ 9 8:3 ‘ 51 \ I “32' NIB.
9 °". an“ ,. ‘ ' ph0“e\'Nes\el“ 33's
mite?» dug” ‘ “390 e” “53.15
‘ Flo “ENEME’ ‘ on m
m W20.d “‘loc ‘ m°‘°'dar 5‘ 1
o C? (ea ’ “3, New ire-1 7'"
1:, \\5 mm a “¢ A (we-.8
1 P“ ans“

‘0“.8 “ 5\.
‘.¢—®‘\‘ 511‘}? Sktrgté‘iﬂaa
a".

—
“"‘ “’  ‘ 5 a“
T ,c‘" CO 0 \ PM 36“
" F ' \ “6“” entice
,v \ 50 0M 'AM‘
‘; 0‘ Pa 50‘ u“ x 11
‘| modiﬁer“ 5“: ‘\ t to“ '1.
’2.‘ - w ire “0 05 '1
| peps‘gpuwms- W““ l . .20 *‘°. int-5‘
‘ rat‘s“. Orwgmpm; ‘- P“or\8- “M5,
. 1 .
“ 9° Home“ a“, Serb gar.
‘ Mil“. at“ ots'
“We (Won
.\ \
. \W‘“ .28‘“§§\.
“amen” 5o
‘9‘“ .ta'“ ANS
msuawsa‘
ammngzam fr
. U m‘
a .303

 

 

11-3—83, 6:3(I irin. '

 

NOVEMBER 4, 1983

 

 

Fish And Jazz

 

 

Coppola’s Bad Catch

rancis Ford Coppola has long been

one of America‘s most egocentric

and unpredictable motion picture
directors. His films have been notorious for
being oversbudget and/or over schedule
Since making his fortune with the Godfather
films Coppola has directed four other
movies: Apocalypse Now. One From the
Heart. The Outsiders. and his latest. It’riiiible
Ftslr. Both Apocalypse Now and The Out-
siders earned a respectable sum of money

[an Spelling

Nonetheless. Coppola himself had
become an outsider. a renegade. No studio
would finance his pictures unless he could
produce them on time and within budget
limitations Unwilltng to compromise. Cop
pola made the tweiiiy~slx million dollar.
special effects oriented One From the Heart
This film never made It past press previews
and became a twentystx million dollar loss,
To pay back the debts he had incurred, Cop-
pola was forced to remortgage his home and
put his own Zoetrope Studios up for sale
Nearly bankrupt. he finally agreed to play
ilie studio game by its rules. He decided to
direct two "small" films based on novels by
5 IE. Hinton. The first being The Outsiders.
which was followed by It‘iinrlilu Fish.

lt’roiifile Fish Is the story of a former street
gang leader. Motorcycle-Boy (Mickey
Rourke). and his copycat brother. Rusty‘
James (Matt Dillon). Motorcycle~Boy. col-
orblind. partially deaf. and slowly going in
sane. has returned from the West Coast to
warn his brother of the dangerous side-
effects of street lighting. Rusty-James refuses
to accept his brother's pleas to stop the gang
wars, He also rejects the notion that
Motorcyclevlloy is crazy. even after witness
ing him stare at a tank of Siamese fighting fish
(also known as rumble fish) for nearly an
hour. When llusty».lames finally confronts
his brother about his obsession, Motorcycle»
Boy explains that the fish will try to kill each
other if put together; when separated and
forced to View its own reflection. the fish may
die battling itself. Using this metaphor. be Is
trying to get Rusty-James to understand that
the gang members have become like the fish.
destroying each other as well as themselves.

Mixed into this drama are the problems
that Rusty-James encounters with his
druckard father (Dennis Hopper). his
girlfriean (Diane Lane). his friends. and his
schoolwork.

Nothing anyone says In this movie is credi-

 

 

ble In fact, no one alive talks in the rnaimer
lltill these characters do. Describing Califor- '
nta. Motorcycle-Boy states that It “is like a
Wiltl girl.on heroin... not knowing she is dy-l
ing. , even if you show her the track marks "
After witnessing hard liquor being poured on
Rusty-.laiires' open wound. a friend shouts
“It must hurtl." as if Dillon's cursing and
screaming were not enough to let us know
he was in pain. In telling Rusty-James how
wonderful he is. his girlfriend coos “You're
better titan cool. you're warm."

The last three films Matt Dillon has starred
v Tex. The Outsiders, and now Rumble
Fish — were based on novels by SE Hin~
tori. A5 Tex. Dillon was able to act out the
part of a real person, but in most of his films
he is too busy being tough to be true to life.
For that reason, his personification of Rusty-
James fails. For this character to have been
affecting. Dillon had to allow the audience to
believe that his was a character worth caring
about. Instead. we are given a street-wise
punk who doesn't want any sympathy. and.
therefore. deserves none. It was on Dillon's
shoulders to carry the film, and he does not
conre through.

 

 

 

 

  

good. Hopefully. his next project will be one
in which a happy medium can be found bet-
ween artandentertainment. I l

As the disillusioned Motorcycle-Boy.
Mickey Rourke does his best to overcome a
fltinsy script His job is to look and act like a
soldier returning from war. and he does this
admirably Unfortunately. several other well
known and competent actors are given
iniiioi roles of little or no substance Among
them are Dennis Hopper (the father), Diane
Lane (Dillon's girlfriend). Diana Scarwtd
(Cassandra). Tom Waits (Benny). and Vin-
cent Spanu (Steve).

Coppola may not have had acting ability
and emotionafity on his mind when he shot
this film. The persons on the screen seem to
have been manipulated only to give motion
and voices to the artistic images he intended
to project. In other words. Coppola has
transformed lliL‘ Screen into a canvas, using
the actors to create images of perpetual mo-
tion. something which is Iinpossrble in sta-
tionary art. If nothing else. this film is an ar-
tlstlc masterpiece. Whereas Zeli'g was a
throwback to newsreel style documentary,

 

and Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid was a

tribute to the films of the 40's and 50's: Riirn~
ble Fish Is Coppola's modernized re-creatlon
of the German Expressionist films of the ear
ly 20's.

To show us how the World looked and
sounded like to the colorblind and partlcally
deaf Motorcyr'lerlioy. Coppola filmed Rum-
ble Fish in block and white. and commlsion-
ed Stewart Copeland of The Police to record
a soundtrack that includes muted car horns.
sirens. and blidcalls Color is used only
when the rumble fish are visible or a police
car's red flasher is on Throughout the movie
several other images are constantly turiitng
up. Rapidly moving clouds and ever present
streams of smoke on the ground represent
how much of a more life really is Clocks of
various shapes and sizes symbolize how
quickly our lives are passing us by

As drama. Rumble Fish is the worst
American film of 1983. but it is an honest
and adventurous failure. Where it Is a com~
plete disaster as commercial entertainment.
it Is a fascinating success as Art. Few men are
awarded the opportunity to make a film such
as this — and given that chance even fewer
would accept the challenge. Mr. Coppola is
a brave man. perhaps l()0 brave for his own

A New Look At Gemini Jazz

azz cafes are synonymous with art-
sz areas, quaint sections of cities
where creative and existentialist
people hang out, Albany has a pseudo-artsy
area with pseudo quaint shops and expen-
sive little taverns where fashionable people
congregate. This area of Albany is located
between Lark Street and the Empire State
Plaza. Here, punk/new wave clubs are
situated next to waffle houses. and leather
shops are across the street from churches.
The Lark Street area tries to emulate Green-
wich Village, but it is not so easy to forget
that Central Avenue Is only II few blocks
away.

Ken Dornbaum
lit-mini Jazz Cafe falls into the category
of an expensive little tawrn where the
beautiful people congregate. Well. not exact-
ly Although its prices do rate mucii higher
than the average student or townie bar. A
iloiiii-stii' Itt‘t’t sells for ‘le 75 Indeed. the tits
itllihjiltt'lt' .it this two story bar on the corner
of Madison AVr'tiltt' rind liove Htrt-et lith dif-
firulty tiansrending the cost of hanging out

in such a r lilt' t'ti\/|t4iltlill'ttl
To explain furtlii'r, flit‘ (it‘lililll certainly
has advantages. as thin ater of tavern is tnri
our in Albany {in the first floor. .r regular
jrirr fltll‘rlt’lrlll plays quietly, adding to a
mellow aiira I-‘oorl I‘v wired along with

 

  

beverages at small tables cramped together
and framed by the bar The food. by thr-
way, can be described fiorii unsatisfactory to
litt‘tlililt'. with the food usually served
llll(t’Wi|liil. but bitiiit or undercooked
Among the artists periouning. there is a
triiicattire lirlilil'tl Fats Jefferson who is the
quintessential tit/l 'blues .rt'tist. /\ definite
asset to the ( it‘lttllil. Fats makes it WUilIl the
si-lilup to see him wail Iris. piano blues
Upstairs. tl IN a bit more spread out and
any, treating a very different. but not
rierr-wirily butter. atmosphere Tire second
floor features liVL’ Jazz. and rockabilly groups

. .. u t
lfrf Morilsslcli UPS
from the Albany inch with it cover charge gor
ing to the hand There are fewer tables which
surround the sintill dance floor. with the hilt
shoved in the back Although there is
enough room to dance. the atnusucs are
poor and the music echoes. making lltt'
music too loud and quite car .rplrtriiit‘

The flt'llllltl seems to strive for air at
“implant! that 'if is incapable of achieving
Recently. the (i(.'ttt||li has irriiir' (Iti\\lllilll. llit'
llilil' year old bar put up for sale and
although llil‘ stuff i.» t'itllltt‘diinllt about the it'-
opmnng of the second floor. tin-re is an aura
of restlessness and uneasiness Simply.

 

 

everything is uptight there. and maybe this is
because the fate of the bar is unknown.

Another disturbing attitude at the Gemini
Is its Inherent snobbery. When one enters.
one realizes that the only subject a person
can discuss is Picasso or Dante's In/errio. On
a recent visit there, Robin L LeMonier
found that “the service was unprofessional to
say the least And they kept interrupting our
conversation with rude and uncalled-for
comments, Also. the food was really lousy "

Such comments have become more
Widespread recently, too The reasons for
this negativity are probably varied. but there
is hope for vast improvement For every
negative aspect. there are postive aspects.
too Its concentration on local people creates
a somewhat Intimate setting since the per-
formers know tlic audience and vice versa
Also. they are trying to create a night tU‘iC‘IV
ed to showcase upcoming comedians livery
Wednesday night they feature an npr'ii
stage, for l'kitltllilt' Ilut somehow, its shunt
comings ft’titl In turn any l’\‘l't|tlil_) win The
prices are really too rvxpr'iisn‘u and if rrccrr
sionallv I‘L’l‘r noisy. crowded and
claustrophobic This is the type of at
iirosplit're tintI expects. to friid at (i'l It’aiiy's

Thus. the (it'tttttlt is ti't'tiiiiittt’tldtﬂl
basically only flit :vltttitlr'lt jazz. forts~ and (3x-

Iisfentialtsts who need to ci'rnteiiipme' llfl‘ til .i
rhtr establishment

 

 

 

 

 

